SAN FRANCISCO, WEDNESDAY, \ ATTGIXST 1903J
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
VOLUME XCIV— ISO. SO.
DETACHMENT FROM THE REGULAR v ARMY PASSING UNDER THE TRIUMPHAL, ARCH; DURING, THE
PROGRESS OF THE. MILITARY AND CIVIC PARADE YESTERDAY IN HONOR OF ' THE ; ARM Y
VETERANS, AND SCENE AT THE ¦ REVIEWING STAND, ' ' ' ; - i
Continued on Page Q, Column 3. •
Continued on < Page 2, 'Column 3.
BAKERSFIELD. Aug. 18.-Enrlque Ro
bles, a Spanish bullflghter.Vho has given
exhibitions ; in several California cities,
was shot and severely wounded early this
morning by William Atkinson,, alias San
Jose Bill. Robles entered, a cafe while
drinking heavily arid became Involved In
an altercation with * two waiters. Atkin
son ordered him to desist and the shoot
ing-followed. Robles was wounded in the
leg just below. the hip. The wound Is con
sidered auita serious. .
Spanish Bullfighter Is Shot.
Nations Flag
floats in the
L/i • . . ' ? ' ' ¦
Black, the probable successor, of General
Stewart as commander - of ".the great or
ganization : _Major_ General William \ R.
ShafterT Governor- George C. Pardee,
-Mayor. Eugene. E.iSchmitz and other dis
tinguished ' citizens." '
5* As the- various \ commands passed the
'reviewing stand; the! ba^Js -which accom
panied, them, stepped :out-and; played-stir
ring airs while the soldlars and civilians
passed ' in review.''- The , old . Veterans
threw -back • their shoulders, forgot fa
tiegue,.and stepped past in true military
style.-- ¦
,. START OF PROCESSION.
: It l was • twenty : minutes ' after 10 : o'clock
when \ the, parade £ started."; < The long . line
/was ; led by. Chief , of Police Wlttman and
200 1 men detailed for the occasion. Lleu
tenant .James Kelly rode behind his su
perior. ¦ officer ¦*¦ as . aide . de camp. Then
came; Sergeant Helms j antl twenty-eight
mounted * officers from the - Park squad.
Following . on . foot . were : 150 men j from the
various companies of the department In
charge ' of ; Lieutenant Gleason. ! Lieuten
antGleason marched at the head of Com
pany-A. - Company B was commanded by
Sergeant. Coogan; 'Company C by Ser
geant Blank and Company E by Sergeant
Campbell.- ¦_
: The police made a, splendid showing and
theMsltors commented. favorably on their
"military 'appearance. *, The .alignment of
the 'Companies ', was perfect throughout
the* procession.
Colonel, JaB.* Fuller was grand marshal,
'Colonel" William Edwards was his chief of
staff I and j Colonel J J. F. • Burgin was his
chief aid. '- The j special aids *to the ' grand
marshal .were:
Lieutenant . Colonel S T. G. Hanson, Major E.
; L.. , Napt haly, : Major P.". J. Perkins. , Major H.
E. « Curzon. - Major J. . H. Hendy, Major : D. , S.
Dorn, - Major > D. H. . Wlthern. . Captain T. . S.
Bush,, Captain R. V E. Warneld, R. B.'Hale, Dr.
-W.*F. Kibbler, 'A. B.-Wood.' George K.. Porter.
F.'^P. Bull. "Dr. ; R: .E. : Hartley, J. .W. Hoyt.
Captain . R. B. ' . Hurlbut,' Colonel v Otto ' F.
Schiller, Colonel Varneyf W.'. Oasklll; .Colonel
J.'TB.* Lauck, ~ Captain A.VWoodslde, George E.
Crothers, ' F. > D. Monckton. M." Slminoft. Judge
J. .1 R. \ Aitkin, Robert Ash, : Dr. - E. R. Bryant,
Major ;N. J. Brlttan; Walter S. Hale, • Colonel
J.-S. ; Young-,:. J.'M.' Long,', James . Cremlns, P.
The opening session of the encampment
of the Grand Army begins to-morrow
morning at the Grand Opera-house.
Though the pavilion attracted thou
sands there were thousands more who
spent the evening at the various State
headauarters.
The illuminations of the streets and
triumphal arches drew a vast throng to
Market street . and up to midnight the
streets were jammed.
The programme for to-day Includes the
big parade by the veterans of the Civil
War, a . monster concert at the pavilion
and many "campflres" and reunions.
Many of the branches of the Grand
Army held business sessions and elected
officers for the ensuing year, in order
that they might be able to attend the
convention of the main organization,
which opens to-morrow morning.
In the evening Commander in Chief
General Stewart was accorded a monster
ovation at the Mechanics' Pavilion,
where he was tendered a reception by the
Grand 'Army of the Republic, the Wom
an's Relief Corps and the Ladles of the
G. A. R. «
From early morn . until late at night
Market street was congested with traf
fic. . The thousands of visitors in the city
promenaded after the parade and visited
the various hotels where the headquarters
of the Grand Army and its kindred or
ganizations are located.
Open house was kept at all the head
quarters and the "reunion" of those who
figured in the stirring days of the early
'60's was of an impressive nature.
Not only the men . who fought for the
Union, but also the noble women who
went to the battlefields as nurses or who
ministered to the 'comforts of the sick
who returned from' the front met once
again yesterday and renewed old associa
tions.
The- big military ; parade in the morn
ing was witnessed by the largest crowd
ever seen In the streets of San Francisco.
The perfect weather added to the enjoy
ment of the brilliant . pageant and young
and old alike were profuse In their ex
pressions of pleasure at the spectacle af
forded.
& ay < HE second day of the Annual
* M Encampment of the _ Grand
Bj Army of the Republic was filled
m with interesting events and the
JBl. programme was carried through
without a single change.
Busy Day for
the Encamp*
ment.
"There have been reports that this
would be done if the trearty were rejected.
A bill may be introduced giving the termj
of a canal treaty with the United States
which would be satisfactory to Colombia
and also empowering the President to rat
ify personally a treaty drawn according
"The Colombian Senate has, according
to our best advices, rejected the canal by
unanimous vote. There are two ways In
which that treaty can be again considered
in the Senate. That body can vote to re
consider its action on Ux* treaty, or any
member of the Senate may propose
amendments to the treaty. Whether this
will be done is" a mere matter of specula?
tion until we hear more of the details of
the vote of August 12."
"What of the report that the Bogota
Government will endeavor to have Con
gress pass a bill along the lines of the
Spooner law; and what would be the
object of such action." was asked.
COLOMBIA WOULD DICTATE.
It is believed here that the President
may again ask for an expression of opin
ion from Congress before finally turning
to Nicaragua. In this connection it is
pointed out that an expression of opinion
could be quickly obtained from the Sen
ate if the President should have ready
for the extra session treaties with Nica
ragua and Costa Rica.
The .money has already been appropri
ated for a canal and no one contends that,
under the terms of the law, it cannot be
applied to one route if negotiations fail
in respect to another.
AWAIT NEWS FROM BOGOTA.
Apparently reflecting the still hopeful
feeling at Oyster Bay that the treaty may
be saved, officials at the State Depart
ment are talking about the steps the Bo
gota Government may take to reopen the
canal debate In the Colombian Senate.
Dr. Thomas Herran, Colombian Charge
d' Affaires, when asked to-night by what
method of procedure the Hay-Herran
treaty could again be brought to the at
tention of Colombian Congress, said:
"Precisely the same as at Washington
is the method of procedure in Bogota in
this matter. All treaties musf first be
submitted to the Senate, and, when rati
fied by that body, they are then sent to
the. House for consideration. If the Sen
ate rejects a treaty, it is obviously im
possible for it to come before the House.
Furthermore, it Is believed to be be
yond the intention of the Spooner law
for this Government to express to Co
lombia any desire that the Colombian
Senate's action be reconsidered. The
President is expected to wait the neces
sary time for the Colombian Congress to
adjourn finally without ratifying the
treaty before actually beginning negotia
tions- with Nicaragua and Costa Rica.
Any proposition to throw the whole mat
ter again into Congress at the coming 1
extra session was discouraged by the ca«
nal advocates in view of the fact that It
has been fought out completely and ttie
will of Congress explicitly expressed.
It is held also that the administration
has no authority to use what appears to
be coercive or threatening or dilatory
measures to complete the negotiations for
the Panama route.
Senators Morgan, Mitchell and Harris
of the Canal Committee of the Senate and
Representative Hepburn, who has for
years been the canal leader in- the House,
foresaw; the present situation and, both in
public and private, predicted exactly
what has occurred. All of these men now
take the ground that the President must
turn -to Nicaragua and apply the appro
priation carried in the bill to that route.
COLOMBIA FORFEITS CHANCE.
CALL. BUREAU. 1406 G STREET, N.
W.* t ¦WASHINGTON, Aug. 13.— That the
administration has gone to the extreme
limit in its negotiations with the republic
of Colombia looking to the construction
of a Panama canal appears to be the unit
ed opinion in Washington. In addition to
this, insinuations that this Government
would negotiate with the department of
Panama, should It become Independent,
are severely criticized. The. general opin
ion is that the United States Congress
•would never have passed the Spooner act
did it not contain the alternative proposi
tion to turn to Nicaragua in case of a fail
ure to deal satisfactorily with Colombia,
section 4 of the law making ampl£ pro
vision for just such an emergency as now
presents itself.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Spooner Law Opens Way for
Prompt Action in New
Direction.
Oppose Further Nego
tiations With That
Government.
Canal Advocates
Turn Against
Colombia.
NICARAGUA
NOW HOLDS
ATTENTION
Old Soldiers
Witness
Parade.
Bx=Prisoners
of War Get
Ovation.
THOUSANDS of spectators lined
the -streets yesterday morning
to witness the monster military
and civic ' parade given in hon
or of the veterans of the Grand
Army of the Republic*
Every arm of the United States army
anvl navy was represented . in j line ; and
while volleys of cheers were given to Un
cle Sam's fighting boys of to-day the
crowds went wild over the aged 'veterans
of the Mexican and Civil wars who ap
peared in the procession.
The old soldiers' hearts were gladdened
by the hearty cheers they received on
every side. The residents of this city
INSURGENTS
WIN BATTLE
WITH TURKS
Regulars Suffer a
Heavy Loss in m
Monastir.
Leave More Than Two
Hundred Dead or
Wounded.
Uskub Mussulmans Plan a
Massacre of Christian
Population.
60FIA, Bulgaria, Aug. 18.— A fierce bat
tle is reported to have occurred In the
neighborhood of Monastir. Three Turkish
Vattalior.s attacked 1000 Insurgents and
after the fight had raged for Eix hours
the Turks were repulsed with the loss of
"10 men killed and wounded. The insur
gent lo?s is not given.
According to a report from Uskub,
HSchatilovski. the Bulg-axlan leader, was
killed m the fighting at Krushevo, and
Iioris Saraloff, the noted insurgent chief,
has been surrounded at Prassbalkan, in
the southern part of the Monastlr vilayet.
The night train service between Salonica
and the Servian frontier has been sus
pended. Forty-three battalions of Turk
ish reserves in Europe have been called
A reign of terror is reported to prevail
at Uskub. where the Christian inhabitants
are afraid to leave their houses. The Vail
issued the strictest orders to the Mussul
man population to remain quiet and not
r:u!'*t their <runsitia»» n^ghtr.-n,' v»»t t2xe
Mussulmans, meeting the mosques, have
resolved at a given signal to massacre,
the entire Christian population as soon
as the first insurgent band appears near
Uskub, or on any other pretext.
The Christians are terrorized. The Turk
ish troops, who are their only protection,
do not show the slightest disposition to
aid them. The attitude of the Turkish
troops was recently plainly manifested,
when a tralnload of soldiers, shortly after
ltavlrg Uskub, fired on the Bulgarian
workmen, who were repairing the track.
Three workmen were- killed and their
bodies were left lying on the line.
Telegraphic communication between So
f.a and Constantinople is interrupted, the
wires having been cut between Adriaa
eple and Constantinople. No telegrams
irotn Constantinople have been received
since 6 o'clock last evening. The Turkish
©facials at Adrianople refuse to state
where the break occurred.
Fears are expressed here regarding the
safety cf the railroad between Adrian
ople and Constantinople.
The Evening Post states that a band
cf Basbl Bazouks has crossed the Bulga
rian frontier in the district of Etheldere,
killed three frontier guards at Yatagans
end wounded two others. It also set fire
to several houses. This raid has created
great excitement in the district. The
tows is not confirmed officially.
The revolutionary organ, Autonyme,
cays the insurgents, after two unsuccess
ful attempts, have succeeded in destroy
ing with dynamite the bridge at Exscheie,
thereby stopping communication between
Salonica and Monastlr.
Reports received here from Constanti
nople and believed to be authentic con
firm the previous Etatements to the ef
fect that when the Turks recaptured
Krushcvo they slaughtered the entire
Christian pbpulation, without exception,
end it Is pointed out that among those
killed were the employes of the Govern
ment tobacco establishments, which were
under European control, as the proceeds
from the establishments were assigned to
the service cf the Turkish debt.
Russian Squadron Now in Position to
Enforce Demands.
MENACES TURKEY'S COAST.
CONSTANTINOPLE. Aug. 18.— The
Russian squadron of warships, which left
Bebastopcl yesterday, was expected to
have arrlvr-d off the Turkish coast this
afternoon to sunport the demands made
upon Tuikey by Russia in connection
with the assassination on August 7 of
M. Rostkovski, the Russian Consul in
Monastlr. The fact that Russia is about
to make a naval demonstration in Tur
wiFh waters has been kept a profound
secret here, the public being entirely igno
rant of the Russian movement.
The notification received of the sailing
of the sauadron was an unwelcome sur
prise to the Turkish Government, which
had pretended to believe that the Rost
kov&ki incident had been closed with the
punishment of the guilty persons.
The most recent advices received here
from Monastir were forwarded on Sun
day night and announced that the fight
ing between the insurgents and Turkish
troops in the vicinity of Krushovo con
tinued, and that many refugees from
neighboring villages had congregated at
Monastir. Several villages inhabited by
Greeks, it was added, had been set 9a
fire bv the insurgents.
According to advices received at one
Continued on Page 5, Column 4.
proved themselves to be loyal to the men
who fought for the flag. They, watched
with tear-dimmed eyes the passing of the
Civil War heroes. They cheered "the
Spanish War Veterans, who will be hold
ing reunions • when the Grand Army of
the Republic will be but a memory.
Flags and handkerchiefs were waved
and flowers were showered on the march-
Ing heroes. ! The parade ' was a lesson '•: in
patriotism and the rising generation prof
ited by 1 it. .It taught them that the de
fenders of the flag are not forgotten'and
the sacrifices they made in the nation's
defense can never be | effaced ; from the
memory of a grateful people. •
Parades have been held in this city in
abundance, , but none can , compare with
the brilliant, procession which passed In
.review yesterday. Between ten and fif
teen ' thousand men were in line.. The
arrangements. were perfect and the pro
cession, moved, over the lines of march in
good order. It took two hours. for the pa
rade to ' pass j a given ; potnt. ¦'; There
nine divisions and each division, was .'full
of features. Fromthe time the"; Chief : of
Police passed, on -.his black/. steed fruntn
the. last company-f the . Roosevelt ", Boys*
Club— passed, f there - was J not ; an jurimter
«6ting minute and . the 1 crowds stood 1 for
two hours and a half: without a. murmur.
The- spectacle that greeted their- eyes
repaid 'them for. their 'long wait. %The
police arrangements j.. were _ perfect. !The
crowds were" kept j on; the ¦* sidewalks by
long cables stretched' from 'posts "planted
close to the curbing/ '-; . ;;.,-;¦ .' , V,
The line" of % march ; was ; from Geary "and
Stockton streets ;' to vKeaniy.rout^Kearny
toV Montgomery,- ayenuej -down 5 Montgom
ery street ,to '.Market, out»Market : to .Van
Ness and out - that '} thoroughfare I past \ the
reviewing stand. ,'„,;':>>¦.;'' '. .' ' ' ..':.'
T; .The ! reviewing ; stand > was I by
General GeorgeJStonV," .chairman! of *;the
Grand ' Army^ of , the i Republic j executive
"committee ; :' Lieutenant I General [ Miles I in
civilian clothes ; • General Thomas ' J.' j Stew
art, r commander v in .chief of ; the -Grand
Army of the Republic; " General John* C.
BRILLIANT MILITARY, NAVAL AND CIVIC PAGEANT IS CHEERED
AS IT WENDS ITS WAY THROUGH DENSELY CROWDED STREETS
TO RENDER HOMAGE TO HEROES OF GRAND ARMY OF REPUBLIC
The San Francisco Call.School Children Throng to See a Bril
liant Spectacle.
AGED AND INFIRM UNION EX-PRISONERS OF WAR WHO MARCHED
IN THE BIG PARADE YESTERDAY AND WERE CHEERED ALL.
ALONG THE LINE.
Continued on Page 5, Column 3.
Trips to points of interest near San
Francisco. Bee the large sign at 613 Mar
ket street, giving a list of the places of
interest on the Southern Pacific which
can be: seen In a few hours at trifling
coat. It will save you money and time.
G. A. K. Excursions.
MILES FOR GOVERNOR
OF OLD BAY STATE
Massachusetts Democrats Suggest
the Warrior as Possible
ft Nominee.
BOSTON. Aug. 18— The Globe, a Demo
cratic newspaper, will eay to-morrow that
General Nelson A. Miles, who i« a native
of this State, has been suggested by some
of the politicians In the party aa a pos
sible nominee for Governor of Massa
chusetts on the Democratic ticket. Should
he be chosen Governor, it Is claimed, he
will be a logical candidate for the Presi
dency. The Globe adds that Miles' friends
ray he would accept the nomination for
Governor.
Charged With Dr. King's Death.
O AXACA, Mexico, Aug. 18.— An American
miner named Madden is under arrest
here, charged with the murder of Dr. R.
W. King, owner of several mines In the
State of Oajcaca. Dr. King was an Ameri
can and has been In Mexico about five
years.
New Fissures in Vesuvius.
NAPLES, Aug. 18.— Tne eruption of
Mount Vesuvius has not Increased since
yesterday. th6ugh smoke has been seen
Issuing from what appear to be new fls
sures.
Cameras and Photo Supplies.
Everything 1 you need in cameras and
photo poods. Tourists and visitors reas
onably supplied. Eanborn, Vail & Co.; 741
Market street. __. • '
The National Guard of the State made
a creditable showing. : They composed the
second division. Great . attention . was
manifested as the Citizen soldiery moved
The Denver Fife and Drum Corps pre
ceded the aids.' There were more than
fifty musicians and drummers. They were
attired in zouave costumes and created
a furor. The organization played to
gether with great skill. Marching up
Market street they played "Hiawatha"
and the drunrmers played a pretty ac
companiment on the bells which were at
tached to their drums." The first division
consisted of United States troops. The
regulars made their usual fine appear
ance. They swung along with a vigorous
stride and maneuvered in perfect style.
The Seventh Infantry Regiment, ¦ com
manded by Lieutenant Colonel T. C.
"Woodbury, turned out .nearly 1000 men.
Major C. W. Hobbs commanded the ar
tillery. Three battalions of field artillery
in command of Major J. V. White showed
up well. The . guns thundered over the
cobbles and the mettlesome steeds which
drew the heavy machines of war pranced
and cavorted as If they knew they were
on parade. Major H. Ludeno commanded
the first and Captain 8. H. Hunter the
second battalion of the Coast Artillery.
The men who fire the heavy pins and
mortars that guard the harbor marched
as only regulars can march.
In their wake came the marines and
sailors In command of Lieutenant J.yP.
Morton. The Jackles rolled along in ship
shape manner. They looked like fighters
and those who watched them go by could
see that the right kind -of material was
in the ranks of the navy. The sailors
were young, bronzed and heavy set. Th«r
carried Lee-Metford rifles and their bod
ies were encircled by heavy belts con
taining a dangerous looking bayonet and
rounds of cartridges. They looked ready
for business, but their errand was a
peaceful onft. and . the deep water men
wore a contented look. There were sail
ors from the Boston. Wyoming and the
training school at Yerba Buena Island.
The Marine band led them with stir
ring music and .the entire aggregation
marched well. ;'¦ "¦.'¦'. -¦ \ \
REGULARS' FINE SHOWING.
J. Conley, George Habornicht, James K. Wil
non, Horace Wilson. Charles E. Quast and C.
C. Royce. ¦
Continued Frmn Page 1, Column 5.
•5 " ¦ — 4.
Marching Hgsts Cheered By Vast Crowds
0 r of People.
Private Jones was awarded a pold
medal ar.d the other eleven men silver
medals. The four highest receive a place
en the army team, which 6hoots at Chi*
cagtt. commencing August 25. General
Baldwin, department commander, pre
sented the medals. He will leave for
headquarters at Denver to-morrow. In ad
dition to the medals awarded by the Gov
ernment, the citizens of Prescott pro
rented the man making the highest score
a fine pair of field glasses.
PRESCOTT, Ariz., Aug. IS.— The tri
dcFartrnent cavalry and pistol competition
closed to-day with competitive pistol fir
ins. Out of a possible 300 the following
•scores were made to-<Say:
Private Nathan Jonee. Xinth Cavalry. 274;
Sergcar.t Wiley Shipper. Xlnth. 272; Second
Ueutenar.t Bufnrd R. Campbell, Ninth. 2tS«:
Corporal James M. Jones, Fourteenth. 2C4; Pri
vate William II. Browning. Fourteenth, £C2:
Kwgeant Henry Kraemelmeyer, Fifth. 201;
Private Ilertert A. Burke. EUthth Battery
Field Artillery. 261; Sergeant Augun Jensen,
Fourteenth, 258; Corporal John O. ' Powell,
Third Cavalry. First Lieutenant George R.
Greene. Twelfth JBattery Field Artillery. Cor
poral Charles E. Boyd. Fourteenth Cavalry,
• r»d OV>rporal Ilenry Henser. Fourteenth Cav
alry, 257 each.
Tri-Department Cavalry and Pistol
Competition Is Closed at
Prescott Range.
MEDALS ABE AWARDED
VICTOKIOUS MARKSMEN
The vast audience fairly rose from their
seats and cheered and cheered again at thl«
point of General Black's stirring address..
At the close of the meeting General Stewart
entered the hall and told the heroes that aa
national commander he could not resist visiting
them, and for himself and the Grand Army
be said he brought the Union ex-prlsoners
greeting anfl love.
Among other epe«krr« were the Rev. A. T
Needham. an ex-prisoner; General Chlpman,
¦who was the Judge advocate at the court-mar
tial of Henry Wlrz. who waa sentenced and
hanged : Professor J. G. Lemmon. ex-prisoner;
Jqha,McElroy. ex-priaoner: Caotaln Harry
Palmer, ex-prisoner, and ex-Mayor Stark of
Santa Barbara, alco an exiprtsoner of war.
The tinging of the California Quartet re
ceived a most gratifying reception. The vocal
numbers were ."Marching Through Georgia."
•Tramp. Tramn. Tramp, the Boys are March-
Ing." "Battle Cry of Freedom," "Battle Hymn
of the Republic," "When Johnny Comes
Marching Home" and "America."
At the hour of your most intense privations
opportunity was given you to do like the pris
oners of Napoleon had done, but "you disdained
the mercenary part they had played, and what
wa» your reply when huddled - up in Ander
sonrille, ttarved in Libby. seeing death walk
ing side by side at Salisbury, tattered, ema
ciated, weak, bars around you. death at the
pcrtals of your prisons, death constantly dig.
ging at the graves? Under such circumstances,
with food, clothing, health. liberty offered you,
you American prisoners turned proudly away
from the tendered prizes each one, saying:
"I may totter and die; these grim walls may
be the fartheet horizon upon which I may set
my eyes, and nothing but the grave may be
before me. but while I live I'll be true to my
country, I'll be true to my flag and to. my
God."
LOYAL TO THE FLAG.
Indeed. It required a great, strong heart to
rush Into the heavy charges, meet heroic men
to conquer— men ha heroic as themselves,
fighting with equal determination and energy—
but It required heroism, too, when the men
wearing the blue stood determined in their
prisons for the preservation of their country
that this Oovernm-nt might endure.
It was in 1R61 you stepped to the front and
moved toward the mighty South, though It is
not for me to «sr*ak of the trials and tri
umphs. Every prisoner her*\ now free, bare
his cart and paid his penalty, but at Ittet re
ward came — a reward that shall be enduring.
There is no lot in time of war aa is the
lot of the prisoner. The man who marches in
the light of day with the sun beating down
upon his brain, th« soldier whose limbs ar«
chilled at night as he stretches Mm^lf on the
STound to sleep, the wounded stretched out on
his cot in the hospital, all still have liberty,
companionship, friends, but you who w-ere de
prived of liberty lost the sunshine and the
dew of night and became a solitary Item when
you stepped behind the dark prison walls. To
you. my countrymen an* my comrades, it has
be*-n given to s*t the highest standard of sac
rifice and devotion.
When we look to the i>a« and then to-day
turn and cast our ryes from this established
land over the sea to the lele where this great
republic Is wafting blessings and carrying
freedom, think you that you could have
dreamed within your grim prison Of these
things?
PAST AN1> THE PRESENT.
Time has wrought wonderful changes. Sup
pose In the years 1S64 and 18Co any one of
you — ooys th«n. gray-haired men now — had
fallen acleep in your prison and dreamed a
flream of forty years to come, would it have
been noecible for your midnight fancy to have
brought to your minds euch a scene as thU—
comfort In all surroundings, seated in a hand
some hall, the myriad of lights and such mar
velous Improvements and Innovations?
General Black said:
As I look over your number I search In vain
for one rug-ged. kindly face ivhich has hereto
fore always erected me at your assemblies.
I hav» waited In vain for that grasp — that
kindly hand once uted to the musket but al
ways extended in friendly greeting. The In
exorable has occurred and he has gone. I
allud« to our late comrade. James Atwell.
were related tales of the priva
tions, suffering, starvation and lndescrib
abls torture which soldiers of tha Union
suffered— suffered in the face of death. In
view of hundreds of their dying and dead
comrades, rather than give In to those
who held them in the limited, pitiless,
pest- ridden stockades. ";¦'
Commander J. D. Walker, who had been
re-elected national commander but a few
hours earlier in the same hall, called
the meeting to order, when prayer was
said by Chaplain John H. Macomber.
United States army, retired, and him
self a Union ex-prieoner of war.
The California Quartet then rendered
"Tenting on the Old Camp Ground."
Mayor Schmltz delivered a short speech
of welcome and General John C. Black,
an ex-prisoner, arose to deliver the ad
dress of the evening.
The general received an ovation as he
stepped to the front of the platform.
THE thirty-first annual reunion
of Union ex-prlsoners of war
took place last night at Lyric
Hall, 121 Eddy street There
Veterans Rally to
Camp Fire as
of Yore. .
THE National Association of
I'nion Ex-Prisoners of War held
its reunion yesterday afternoon
at Lyric Hall, and it brought to
gether a body of men who had
lingered In Indescribable suffering in
Libby Prison, In Andersonville, in Sa
vannah. Salisbury and Cattle Thunder.
While yesterday afternoon was to be de
voted to business and friendly Intercourse
the men of the four years' battle could
not refrain from telling again to their
interrogators their stirring and often
dreadful experiences within the gloomjt
cells of the Confederate prisoners.
Comrade Hill is bo elated at the happy
reunion of friends and companions of
troubled times that to-night he will re
ceive and entertain them and all prisoners
of war in the city, at the First Armory,
Gough and Page streets.
An emblem of the war stood in the ¦
renter of the anteroom. It was a kettle
drum which bore the following inscrip
tion: ,
Missouri & Ark. Campaign 1S61 and
part 1862.
Vieksburg. Campaign 18C2 and part 1S63.
Chattanooga. Campaign 1SG3.
Atlanta. Campaign 1S64.
Relic of 1S61.
Carried by
Frederick Dletzmann. Co. A,
17 Mo. Vol. Inf., 3 Brg..
1 Div., 15 Army Corps, -^
r. s. a.
When stcriee had been but half told a
call was made upon the ex-prisoners to
enter Lyric Hall.
There a scene of brightness was con
fronted. The hall, new and handsome,
was draped from gallery to platform and
from platform to auditorium with beau
tiful flag's and patriotic emblems.
On the platform were Commander J. D.
Walker, presiding; Stephen M. Long, ad
jutant general and quartermaster gen
eral, and Comrade Kelley. The business
cf the meeting was begun In a soldierly
manner.
The minutes cf the last meeting at
Washington were read and a beautiful
tribute to the '.ate Comrade Isaac C. See
>y was delivered by Adjutant General
Lon*. A letter regretting Ms inability to
attend the association's gathering was
read"Trora the chaplain, the Rev. John B.
FcrgTiscn. of Keokuk, Iowa, and it was
unanimously resolved to convey to him
a letter expressive of the deep sorrow
occasioned the organisation through the
new« cf their chaplain's serious tnflis
poFinon.
The election cf officers resulted as fol
lows:
Colonel James D. Walker, re-elected com
reamier of the association; Comrade Clinton
T. Hull, fnior vice commander; John KlEsane,
Junior vice commander; Rev. John S. Fergu
son chaplain, re-elected : General Harry White,
historian, re-elected, and Stephen M. Long!
adjutant general and quartermaster general,
re -elected.
The executive committee elected is as
follows:
Governor 1 A. T. Blis«, Michigan: O. A. Par-
Fcns, Pennsylvania; Charles G. Davis, Boston;
Charles Fisher. Minnesota.
An Interesting discussion took place re
garding the shafts and monuments which
various States have placed In the ceme
teries where rest dead cx-jirisoners of
war.
The matter of extra pension for ex
prisoners also came before the meeting
and the members of the association trere
advised to urge their Congressmen and
representatives to support the movement.
A hearty vote of thanks was tendered
General Stone, General Chlpman and Clin
ton T. Hull, the last named receiving a
volley of applause In acknowledgment of
his untiring exertions In the cause of
tl.e encampment.
Transact Business
and Then Elect
Officers.
Heroes Captured in
Strife Hold a
Reunion.
RECOUNT
HORRORS
OF PJiST
MfiRKSMEN
HOLD GAY
REUNION
Famous Rifle Shots
Meet Again in
Convention.
ColonelS. E. James
Is Elected as
President
- i ERDAN'S Sharpshooters held
their annual reunion at Albion
M^k Hall. Alcazar building, at s
a, J o'clock yesterday afternoon.
The principal feature of the
meeting was the election of officers to
act for the ensuing year. Colonel S. E.
James was elected president, Frank D.
Sweet3er vice president, and A. R. Bar
rett secretary and treasurer.
- In accepting the position of president
Colonel James said:
"I am very proud to be elected to fill
this honored^positlon. The only thing I
leave home for 13 to knock elbows with
Uie boys of '62."
Out of the 2G0O gallant souls of this
company who answered their natlon'3
call, but 500 are alive to-day. At the
meeting yesterday the following mem
bers registered: ¦ "r '*'¦
Almond G. B. Pennell. Co. K, Berkeley.
Cal.; M. E. Billings. Co. L. Berkeley.
Cal.; Frank D. Sweetser. Co. E. Brent
wood, CaL; C. S. James, Co. B, Center
vllle, Iowa; C. B. Wilson, Co. F. Chicago.
111.; H. N. Richardson. Co. G. Vallejo.
Cal.; F. S. Holley, Co. F. Stockton. Cal.:
H. O. Cummlngs. Co. E. San Francisco;
Jacob Doty. Co. C, Sutter. Cal.; Frank
H. Cobb. Co. C. Hudson. Mich.; Freeman
Tuttle. Co. G, Oakland. Cal.; Erastua
Barnes, Co. I, Berkeley. CaL
The early part of the session took the
form of a general social handshake and
reunion.
In opening the formal part of the meet-
Ing Colonel James addressed the gather-
Ing as follows: "During the early six
ties you were always at the front— so all
•top up now and take front places as in
the days of yore."
Letters of regret were read from the
absent officers who were unable to attend
and there were many from absent com
rades. Comrade Silas GIddings, Co. F.
First Regiment U. S. 8. 8., of Castleton,
Pa., wrote aa follows:
Dear Comrades: I am sorry I cannot be
with you at this treat reunion. If It were
later In the year I could make it.
We farmers have to take care of our crops
or we can't winter.
How much I would enjoy maetlng yon all
again and shakier hands with the boy« once
more.
We are soon to shake hands on earth for the
last time.
What a change In tbe picture when we meet
to-day to look back In vision to the faces of
forty years ago when w* started out and
camped at 'White Sulphur Springs. All boys
then, the flower of tho country. Now we are
ripe. White for the harvest.
The sharpshooters enjoy the reputation
of being the first In active gerviqo to use
breechloadlng rifles. . .:"',' ...
One of the noted characters In the
First Regiment was California Joe. Ha
went from this State to New York. City
•wDecially to enlist in tha ah»«-»»«»M>*«era,
After he was mustered out ho returned
to his native State and became an In
dian scout. When h« died his popularity
was evinced by a large funeral conducted
by Lincoln Post of this city.
The sharpshooters were recruited and
the regiments organized and equipped by
special permission of President Lincoln
under the supervision of General (then
Colonel) H. Berdan.
Their business meeting over they, will
now devote themselves to taking la the
sights of tho city. They will march In
the parade to-day.
echoed through the streets.
There was a big attendance of cadets.
They were dressed In full uniform and
carried sabers. The boys marched well
and were cheered by friends on every
side. Their sabers glittered In the sun
light and the young men marched In a
manner that evidenced the fact that they
are wall drilled.
Colonel Varney Gasklll was marshal
of the fifth division. His aids were
Charles M. Bliss and F. I* Hanson. The
division waa made up of members of
Colonel O. F. Lome Garrison No. 101.
Army and Navy J. A. Bowden
commanding; Phelps Squadron, United
States Naval Veterans No. 12. Captain
Charles Edelman commanding; Farragut
Association, Naval Veterans, Vallejo,
Captain J. J. Tinelll commanding; Fre
mont Signal Corps. Vallejo, Captain
F. R. MacReynolds commanding;
Genera] Lawton Camp. Spanish
i American War Veterans, Vallejo, Cap
tain W. H. Chadney commanding; Hop
kins Squadron No. 11. Los Angeles: Naval
Post No. 400, Philadelphia. Commander
W. Simmons commanding.
Some were in uniform and others wore
hats of the Grand Army of the Republic.
A standard-bearer carried a goose lashed
to a pole, and on Jt was inscribed.
"Everything is lovely and the goose
hangs Wgh."
INDIAN WAS DANCES.
The Improved Order of Red Men made
up the next division. More than 1000 men
were in line. Half of these were garbed
as Indians and they made the welkin ring
with their cries. All were in full war
paint and regalia. Pow-wows were held
on the street, war dances were presented
and all sorts of antics were Indulged In
by the paraders. Two floats bearing In
dian maidens and chiefs of the various
tribes were hauled through the streets
and were an attractive feature of the
procession. Al Hallett was marshal and
his aids were B. F. Ledford and Frank
Grubs.
The seventh division was headed by the
band and drum corps of the Independent
Rifles. Colonel. W. H. Jordan was mar
shal and his aids were Colonel W. H.
Snedaker and J. W. Hoyt. The drvl3lon
contained the California Volunteer Vet
eran Association: Independent Rifles,
commanded by Captain Schnider: Vet
erans of the National Guard, commanded
by Captain E. G. Eisen; Cadet Company
of the Third Congregational Church,
Captain R. B. Moore commanding: Cal
vary Reserve Corps of Calvary Presby
terian Church. Captain. H. F. Hobson
commanding, and the cadets of the First
Congregational Church of Oakland. The
church representatives marched like sol
diers and looked natty In their white hel
mets and well-fitting uniforms."
Marshal Oscar Hocks led the eighth di
vision. He enjoyed a comfortable seat
on th« San Francisco Turn Verein float
and directed his division from that point
of vantage. The Verein turned out a
large delegation. The sharpshooters led
the procession. The little girls who be
long to the Verein were dressed in blue
and wore white hats, 'The boys marched
along In gray turning suits. On one of
the floats was a bar and the athletic
members went through difficult tricks
while the truck moved along the streets.
It was a novel float and was character
istic of the Turners' society. The Mla-
GENERAL BLACK STIRS HEARTS OF EX-PRISONERS OF WAR
THE PAN FbArCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, AUGUST 18, 1903.
Company A, Veteran Reserve, National
Guard of California^ .acted as a . special
escort to the tx-Unlon" prisoners of 'war.
The latter were thefeature of'the pa-
Troop A, Cavalry, in command of Cap
tain Charles Jansen, and the Signal
Corps, dismounted, in command of Cap
tain E. A. Self ridge, were In the parade.
The Naval- Battalion from the U. S. S.
Marion, commanded by • Thomas A. Ner
ney. . received a hearty reception. The
young sailors were out In force and haul
ed four Gatling guns after them. The
manner, in which; they raced over the
car -tracks with * these guns caused spec
tators to marvel. They kept perfect step
and were complimented along ' the line of
march. : -, .- :¦"":: '¦>->
NATIONAL GUARDSMEN.
Major General John H. Dickinson and
Brigadier General C. F. Muller rode. Bide
by side. Acompanylng them were the
members of their respective staffs,
mounted. The Second Brigade was led
by Colonel Thomas F. O'Neil. This First
Regiment, which is composed of, young
men who reside in this city, turned out
a full command. Lieutenant Colonel. J.
F. Connolly commanded regiment.
Next came the Fifth Infantry Regiment,
the members of .which hall from Oak
land. San Jose, Llvermore and,surround
ing towns. The visitors showed up well,
i ° lo " e ' J> F - Hayes was in command and
led his troops past the reviewing stand.
The First Battalion of Artillery, com
manded by Colonel H. P. Bush, also
showed to advantage. The young men
who compose the organization are well
drilled and have been highly compliment
ed by army officers. They are rapidly
learning the art of handling the "big guns
which guard the Golden Gate and will
prove of great assistance to the regulars
in the event of war.
along tha route. Three-fourths of the
men wore service medalB and the title
tin soldiers" which had often been used
has given way to titles of respect. The
men in . th« ranks and the officers who
c 2 mm >, nJe<1 tnera wef e Proud of their rec
ord Many of them never had an oppor
tunity to eo to the Philippines, but all
were ready to go. /
The First Regiment of the League of
the Cross Cadets made up the fourth di
vision. The young soldiers were led By
their splendid band and drum and bugle
corps. Colonel James E. Power com
manded, and he and his entire staff were
on foot. The band was In charge of Lieu
tenant WiHlama and' played martial music
all the way. The members of the band
made a striking appearance In their red
uniforms.' There were Tuny ¦ thirty musi
cians In > line. Whenever the musicians
rested the • drum and bugle corps. In
charge of Sergeants Buckley and Kane
took up the "step and their Instrument*
The members of Camp Relnhold Rich
ter hauled an old Spanish gun of bronze
which was captured In the Philippines.
This relic was green with age and highly
ornamented. It proved to those who
viewed it that the Filipinos were far be
hind the times. Fair members of the La
dles* Auxiliary to Reinhold Rlchter Post
rode In carriages.
Marshal Dr. Charles Boxton. His aids
were Richard Callopy and Herman Hu
ber, and the main attraction of the divi
sion was the Drum Corps of the National
Association of the .Civil War. They led
the veterans of the Spanish-American
war, who were in' khaki and civilian
clothes. The drummers and flfers hall
from Los Angeles. They have been play
ing their instruments for the last forty
years. There were sixteen in the party
and their aggregate age is more than
1000 years. The youngest in the corps Is
63 years of age and the oldest is 73. They
are gray haired. -*but are lively for their
age. All led their regiments on the march
with martial music and to-day their play
ing is better than ever. There was a de
lay in the parade and as the veteran
musicians waited for the line to re
sume Its march John C.'Joss of Phila
delphia, an old-time army musician,
sounded calls on his bugle. These were
answered down the line by another bugler.
Every time the aged bugler's calls sound
ed loud above the din the crowd applaud
ed and he responded with more music.
Miss Emma Gtrrard and Mrs. F. B.
Hllliker, dressed In neat uniforms, acted
as a color guard to the veteran who car
ried Old Glory at the head of the drum
and fife corps. Robert Bain proudly carried
a Qrum captured by his great great grand
father from the Hessians in the Revolu
tionary War. This relic, resembled a
small sized barrel and the heads were
separated by a long wooden casing.
In the party were two heroes who were
recognized by Congress for their bravery
on the field of battle. J. C. Buckley of
Georgta received his medal for personal
bravery at Vlcksburg. He Is the senior
vice commander of the departments of
Georgia and South Carolina. His medal
is inscribed and he wears it proudly on
bis coat. He was a member of the
Fourth Virginia Regiment when he per
formed the heroic deed which secured him
.the medal; B. F. Hilllker, better known
as "the drummer boy of the Rebellion,"
also received a medal for bravery. His
act which won him his medal was per
formed at the battle of Mechanlcsvllle
Miss., on June 4. 1S63.
LEAGUE OF CROSS CADETS.
: Thomas P. Woodward, president of the
Board, of Education: Marsden Manson 6t
the Board of Public Works. General
Black. • Auditor Baehr, District Attorney
L6wis F. -Bylngton and Supervisors
Braunbart, Eggers, Curtis, Booth. Bent,
Alpers and Connors also rode In car
riages. -
The Veterans of the Mexican War were
nlso in the parade. There iwere 160 of
the fast disappearing heroes of the early
confllctand all rode In carrinsres. , Griz
zled veterans were they. Their wan ap
pearance attested their age. It was a
pathetic sight to see the old soldiers and
many'eyes were filled with, tear* as they
passed. Cheering for.them was incessant
along the line of march. On each i car
riage * were Bicns telling of battles " In
whichl they fought. The familiar, battles
names '¦ of "Reseca de la Palma," Tobas
co,'" TuXpan"- and the names -of Scott.
Pillow, Pierce and i other, distinguished
generals of that war were shown on ban
nera. . -.,.„.'.•. «
The third division was led bv Grand
Lieutenant General Nelson A. Miles, re
tired, was the cynosure of all eyes. Ho
was in the third carriage with Chief Jus
tice Beatty and General Barrett. Gen
eral Miles was in civilian dress, but wore
the slouch hat and cord, usually worn by
the Grand Army veterans The General
was recognised despite his dress and was
cheered along the route.*
Mayor Schmitx, . Lieutenant Governor
Alden Anderson, General Edward " S.
Salomon, chairman of the parade com
mittee, and Herbert Schmltz, a member
of the Board of Public Works, were in
a carriage. Upon reaching the reviewing
stand General Miles and the others nam
ed . alighted and took -up their positions
to watch the marching troops.
GENERAL MILES CHEERED.
Following the ex-Union prisoners came
the carriages . containing distinguished
soldiers and State and city and county
officials. The first carriage contained
Governor ' George ,C. Pardee; General
Stone, chairman of the executive com
mittee'of the Thirty-Seventh National
Encampment, G. A. It. ; Major General
Arthur MacArthur, commanding • the
Department of California, and his aid do
camp.^In the next carriage were Com
mander In Chief General Thomas J.
Stewart and Major William R.
Shaft'er, department commander Califor
nia and Nevada, G. A. R. ¦.. v
rade and their presence in line showed
the public what might be seen in the big
Grand Army parade this morning. The
veterans walked along arm in arm. Gray
headed and weak, the heroes of the Re
bellion marched, cheered on by everyone.
They were divided into squads and stan
dard bearers held aloft transparencies
with the name of the prison in which
they languished during the conflict.
"Charleston," "Andersonville,'* "Cahaw
ba", and dread "Libby" were the names
of the prisons In which these men suffer
ed. What stories they could tell of tor
ture, of hopeless captivity, of intense suf
fering from lack of food and sleep. Some
of the men even to this day show signs
of their Imprisonment. Andereonville's
sign showed the number 13,710, the num
ber of Union men - who suffered - untold
tortured in the dreadful stockade. :
2THE REVIEW.
* /2 Trihtitt* *
| to the %
t ' Grand Jlrmy t
* ?}¦
J of J
5: the Republic I
j at the J
i Encampment \ :
; | San Francisco, J
} August, 1903. |
i ¦ I
S» TT / HAT recks it if the battle's fame in storied praise is told,
* 1/1/ O f 'f the fight's forgotten name no written pages hold? 3
J ' ¦ Brave men were they who fearless went to meet the leaden fate, -m
* And laurel crowns each whitened brow because their souls were great. •*
i /?
J TT^OUR years of danger, toil and strife-^-of battles lost and won —
a- t~i 'Mid frozen winter's icy blasts or blaze of summer sun. i*
*" "^ 'Neath haughty Europe's scornful sneer or thoughtless kindred's blame, -m
£ They saved the land our fathers gave and ended Slavery's shame. •
* • • ¦ ~S
*- Tl TO thirst for glory led them on, no love of war was theirs:
jfc 7 V lust oi conquest steeled their hearts, such as the tyrant wears. B
Z- But love of home and native land and Justice stern and high, j»
J And love of Freedom led them forth with faith to do and die. a
* 3
J s~\ VICTORS in the fiercest fight that ere on earth was made
3f | I. For human rights and human hopes! your fame can never fade; B
* j And countless millions vet to live will tell the tale again — w
$ The story of the greatest. war for liberty of men. «
¦ . Q
*¦ /nriHINK not that we whose lives began long since those fateful days -g
a / Can ere forget your service true or stint your well earned praise. , *
J -*¦ Your presence here in army blue rolls back the gathering years. W
J And thrills the heart with feelings full and blinds the eye with tears.
* ¦ - ' , ". . • ?£i:l?ji : < ; w
J ; tt^ROM out the great heroic past you come to us to-day -g
jL hi With old-time tramp of marching feet and mock of war's array. -"¦
J "'¦*¦¦ Take then these lines as tribute due your glorious memory. II
J And as a welcome to the land beside the sunset sea. ¦"
J JOHN D, GALLOWAY, |
fcgj". Oakland.
A CHANGE lies on the city's streets, its traffic waves are stilled,
/-A Yet brighter far its walks to-day, by cheering thousands filled;
For here besides the pcean wave, with fife and beat of drums,
From lands beyond, the sunrise hills, a welcome army comes.
A N army of the olden time, in lines of faded blue,
AA With drooping banners dulled and torn and guns that battles knew —
Old eyes look forth from 'neath the caps, gray hairs shade every brow,
And steps that once were firm with youth are slow and faltering now.
* t come from where the prairie grass and golden cornfields grow,
/ And where New England's forests bend beneath the winter snow; ,
¦"• And these are from the rolling hills by broad Ohio's. stream.
And these arc from the northland where Lake Erie's waters gleam.
ONCE more the reveille is heard, once more the calls resound.
And hearts that feel the weight of years with quickened pulses bound.
Bright memory calls the past to view and lights eaclj faded eye,
And comrade meets with comrade old beneath this VVestern sky.
A ND you who stand with careless gaze and thoughtless, vacant smiles
A\ To see the thin ranks marching past with broken, halting files '
"* -*¦ Think not that thus they came when first they heard the bugle blow
Upon the grass-grown battlefields of forty years ago.
-H^HESE men once stood at bay, perhaps, when burst the battle flame
/ In Shiloh's woods, or Vicksburg's swamps, on Bull Run's field of shame
Maybe this rank now tramping by once heard the rebel yell
Upon the heights of Gettysburg, when earth was changed to hell!
A ND some once drove the Southern foe across the Tennessee-
A\ And some once marched with Sherman's men through Georgia to the sea
•*¦ ¦*¦ And some at Fredericksburg once passed the river's fatal shore '
And some at Richmond saw revolt go down to rise no more. *
standing until the familiar melody was
finished. Then a burst of cheers express
ed the fee-lings of the patriots who were
present. Governor Pardee was to have
welcomed the veterans in behalf of the
State and in his absence General Shafter
said he knew how the Governor felt to
ward the Grand Army. He regretted his
absence and said It was unavoidable ow
ing to Illness. He Introduced Mayor Eu
gene E. Schmltz, who delivered the wel
come of San Francisco to the visiting
veterans and their families. He spoke as
follows:
Fellow-Americans, Men and Women of the
Grand Army of the Republic: In preserving
the republic you established an empire — an
empire over the hearts of the American poo
p>. an empire where gratitude, affection • and
patriotism rule eunremc. and where the Star-
Epangled banner . proudly floats as the symbol
of national virtue and glory and the emblem
of our love and devotion to our united country,
and to you, heroes of the conflict which main
tained us a nation. (Applause.)
Men of the war of '61. in those troublous
times you fought East, North and South for
the integrity and unity of our common land;
!he th 4t a^ rkeS^ & y ,"' Under the Inspiration of
the Stars and Stripes, you carried them to
triumphs and to victories, and when the wi?
was over you handed to future generation^
let us hope forever, the flag of a mat anrt
powerful nation, string, self-reliant, m fust
and generous. (Applause.) J
LOYAL TO THE FLAG.
And now, representatives of the Grand Army
you have com o West, far beyond the scenes
of that dreadful strife, west to the farther
shores of our great continent, to a land where
man and nature vie to give you welcome:
welcome to the homes and to the hearts of a
feople loyal and devoted to the principles for
which you fought, loyal to our country and
to our fizz, and filled with regard • and ; with
love for the survivors of the greatest struggle
known .to history. for liberty, .liberty of
thought, liberty of action, liberty of person.
We have had another war since, a war also
waged for the principles of Justice and of
personal liberty, a war which to be sure has
made new veterans, which has called forth
In a hew measure the old patriotism, but has
also served to wipe out completely all feelings
of difference between those who were In the
great war adversaries and antagonists, and has
made the Grand Army of tha Republic In fact
and in spirit as also in name, the representa
tives of the patriotic principles and thoughts
It was my privilege last February to com*
to your beautiful land In company with m:r
commander In chief and his staff at the time
he came to see about tha arrangement for ht.s
coming at this tlnje: and we realized then th*
true hospitality of the people of San Franclaco
and of all of your beloved State. We have
looked forward with a great deal of pleaaura
to our coming at thli time. Now, kind hearts,
we have come to accept of that true hosplfai-
Ity We have felt such a warm welcome ever
since we came within the borders of your State,
and we are appreciating It. we are enjoyintr
It and we thank you most heartily for your
kind words of welcome anJ :*»e klm! way in
which we have been revived, we realizei
then the beautiful flowers, the fnttt, »he mic
nincent scenery which we are all plt>as«l to
see and enjoy at thi* time, and w«r fiml »h^i
the promises made hr.ve be?n fulfilled. U'o
have come to accent them and »o enloy then*.
Kind friends, we thank you. and we trust tha:
during our stay here you will learn of ,wr
Interest In the work of the Gran.i Army-, an'!
we know of your Interest, and w« trust that
we may form a more united band of «-aru<?:«:
people and that the work that the Grand Army
has done n-.ay be perpetuated, and as the Gr.i-vJ
Army continues to come together year after
year wo may eaea learn to do more ani tnor«
to the end that toe country for which th«y
GLAD TO COME HERE.
It is Indeed a verv great pleasure that Is
ours to-night to be permitted to come into
this grand gathering of ths veterans of the six
ties and the friends that have gathered here
at this time to show honor to the boys that
wore the blue In those dark days. It i» Indeed
a great plasure to us to be permitted to come
here at this time and enjoy the hospitality
that !s extended to the Grand Army.
It Is my very great pleasure at this time to
be privileged to represent the Woman's Rrlief
Corps an organization composed of the wives.
mothers, daughters and sisters of the veter
ans, and other loyal women who have banded
themselves together to assist the Grand Army
In their noble work. Our organization con
sists of more than 1-40.000 of these true, loyal
Women, who are trying In every possiihle way
to assist the Grand Army inthelr nobl» work
and along patriotic lines. This Is a part of
the work In which we are all deeply Inter
ested. _N . -
And now. sir. I bring to you and to this
State and this city the congratulations an*
the salutations of the Grand Army of the Re
public for all the glory that Is ours to-day,
for all the progress and hope and promise tnera
Is in the future: and congratulations that In
1898 the boys In blue and the boys in gray
rallied under the stars and stripes and carried
It out through the Golden Gate In the march
of civilization and progress: carried It triumph
antly and welded together North and South.
so that to-day we are one people, with one
flag one God one destiny: and the work of
the Grand Army of the Potomac and all the
other armies that made up the mighty hosts
that followed Grant and Sherman and Sheri
dan and Thomas and Logan, and all the rest,
shall remain to ble*s the people of this land
yet to be. down through all the years that
Providence shall will us. -(Applause.)
The chairman then Introduced Mrs. L.
J. Taylor, national president of .the
Woman's Belief Corps, who spoke as fol
lows:
CONGBATULAXES CITY.
And now, to-night, in this magnificent pres
ence and on this patriotic occasion. I accept
for the Grand Army of the Republic th? gen
erous welcome that has been so heartily and
so eloquently tendered. I accept It for every
soldier within the gates of California. I accept
It for every soldier within the city of San Fran
cIaco- and In this presence I accept It for all
the great bosts who are to-nierht throughout
the State at their homes, thinking of their
comrades In this far-away city, many of them
brave soldiers of the republic in time of war
fighting her battles bravely and successfully,
but unfortunately, fighting the battle of bread
to-day unsuccessfully. I accept It for all thosa
disabled by wounds and disease. I accent It
for every soldier of the republic that la not
hero to-night. I accept 'it for tfta
patriotic boys that waul* gladly be
here at this reunion of the Grand Army or
the Republic, and who await our return to
bid us welec«ne to our several homes and com
munities. I accept It for the Grand Army of
the Republic that carries upon Its rolls to-day
"60 000 of aa brave men. soldier and sailor,
as ever battled for a flag, marched under ban
ners or trod the sllpDery decks of a man-of
war I accept It for an organization that dur
ing "all the years from 1861 to 1903 has been,
true to all they fought for tn all places of.
trust and responsibility In this land of our*,
and two of whom fell In the highest executive
station within tha gift of this mighty peopla
and taught the American people how * soldier
can fight In war and die In peace — the brave
Garfleld and the eloquent McKlnley.
And when In 1865 there came an end to tha
conflict, there came an end to the dying, there
came an end to soldier life for the American
volunteer, there had been written on the eter
nal granite of history the name and the fama
of the American volunteer soldier, thera to re
main forever to prove an inspiration to genera
tions yet to be. (Applause.) We- had written,
we had hung out as' it were on banners
from the sky. the sayings of the great chief
tain that shall never be forgotten; we hun«
out. "We will fight it out on this ltn« if It
takes all summer" (cheers): and we hung
out, as if on the banner fVom the heavens.
"Unconditional surrender." (Renewed cheers.)
And then between the armed legions of blue
and of gray that had faced each other for four
years in deadly combat and had marched under
great and magnificent leadership, we saw tha
soldier of the ages, the great Grant, standing
between the lines uncovered and asking, "Let
us have peace." (Applause.)
Seventeen years ago I sat in this building in
a great campfire and concert of the Grand
Army of the Republic: this building was filled,
the entertainment was magnificent, and I shall
never forget as long as 1 live- the photograph
that came on my mind that night when a lady
here sang the "Battle Hymn of the Republic"
and stirred that great audience, and then. In
response to an encore, sang "Home. Sweet
Home." and I saw that audience become peace
ful and still and quiet as the grave. This was
at a campflre of the Grand Army of the Re
public held only seventeen years ago. We are
here again in California and In the magnificent
city of San Francisco. But seventeen years
from this day the surviving soldiery of tha
war for the suppression of the rebellion will
average about 81 or 82 years of age. Time wtll
have reaped a rich harvest and deep swathes
will have been cut by that time In the now al
most overripe field of grain.
But we come now. In 1903. -with the old bat
tle flags which will be paraded in the street*
of your "magnificent city to-morrow. We come
here to hold our annual reunion, a reunion of
an organization unparalleled in history and
unmatched In patriotism (Applause): an or
ganization without a predecessor and without
a successor. And soon the time will corn**
when tn all this land there shall not b« left
among the busy millions that shall Inhabit tha
republic one single surviving soldier or sailor
Of the war for the auppresslon of the rebellion.
But the flag that they saved shall still float aa
the banner of this great republic: upon her
altars shall burn the fires of patriotism and of
freedom. Sustained by the memories of tha
past sped by the aspirations of the future, tha
cause of liberty and human progress will &*
doubly safe And this is what the Grand
Army cf the Republic shall represent to tha
generations yet to be.
ACCEPTS GENEROUS WELCOME.
PEACE OVER THE LAND.
For four long years th* eoldiers of th»
Union army and the soldiers of the Contrtei
ate army battled In this land of ours For four
long years they fought and they hied and died,
and as the graves were filled the homes of
the land were opened to let another son go
forth and take his place in the ranks.
We shall never forget the days of ISflt to
1865. Those were years of awful Import to
this land of ours; and locking back over th«
years that are gone, we can recall tha hour of
parting, and we can see the troops gathering
In the villages and cities of this land: w ¦ can
hear tha speeches that were made, the soul
sttrrlng music, and we can see the column, tha
company and the regiment move off day by
day and see the waving handkerchiefs ani al
most feel the thumping of the breaking hearts
In this day and time, removed as we are ranrm
than forty years from the beginning of that
great and terrible conflict.
the shouts of Tictcry and the groans of the
fallen brave to whom death came in the hour
of victory. Such memories, my comrades, re
main forever, and these memories will remain
in this land of ours as long as there are lips
to sseak and minds to remember.
The- sounding-board used to increase the
volume of music was in the form of a
huge shell, studded with electric lights
and beautified with the national colors.
The park band was never heard to better
advantage. Leader Paul Stelndorff
brought out all the beauties of the com
positions rendered and the musicians
were enthusiastically applauded after
each number. The selection of patriotic
pieces was a wise one and the music was
a feature of the evenings entertainment.
Governor Pardee was detained by rea
son of illness and General Shafter made
his apologies. There were cries for Lieu
tmant General Miles, but that distin
guished soldier was attending a function
elsewhere and the audience regretfully.
ctased calling for him.
At the conclusion of the medley of na*
tional airs General George Stone, chair
• ir.an of the executive committee of the
Thirty-seventh National Encampment, in
troduced Major General William R. Shaf
ter. In doing so General Stone said:
Fellow Citizens cf California: I think that
UM treat outpouring of the people, which is
*wdenc«><i ui<on the streets this evening, is a
sufficient guarantee of the welcome extended
i<> ihe veterans of the Civil War by the people
of our State. It is v«ry gratifying to us to
haw endeavored to ir.ake a eucc*-t»s of the en
- . r^ -- -i»»- n« .•>'¦"*» % >ingi fe{44 wirhjn our « :ry an.1 .
to kr.ow it Is appreciated by our people and
ais-o by cur vif-ltors. Upon this occasion it is
v'-ry rwtfMr end proper that the senior ofn
< «-r. thp commanding officer cf our organiza
tion, m-ithin our limits thould preside at this
function, and it is with great pleasure that I
pHStent to you for the presiding officer this
••vrning the distinguished eoMier ani citizen —
now a citizen of our State — Major General
William R. i-hafter. commander of the I>epart
rr.rnt nf California and Nevada. «Applaus*.)
GENERAL EHAFTEE CHEERED.
(Jcneral Shafter was accorded a hearty
roc-option whin ho stepped forward to ac
cept the position of honor. He had to
wait a minute before the cheering subsid
ed and he then spoke as follows:
Comrades of the Grand Arcsy of the Repub
lic, Ladies and Gent!<?m«*n : As the commander
cf the Department of California and Nevada.
Grand Army of the Republic, and for the com
rades of this department. I wish to express
the great gratification it gives us to again
rr.^t our comrades from the States from which
we went out forty years ago to uphold the laws
and defend the National Government from the
assaults of her eaemiei.
Upon the puccessful termination of that
great war numbers of the young and vigorous
men of th* disbanded armies struck out for
Um far West, many of them making their
homes in California.
Distance and expense have prevented the
greater part cf them from meeting with their
comrades, clthtr in the national encampments
or at their regimental reunions, and only at
The encampment of seventeen years ago have
they met the men with whom they served eo
:ong ago.
When this condition was presented to our
comrades at Washington in October last they
most generously and almost with one accord
yielded for this year their Eastern preferences
» give this opportunity, in all probability the
list one. for the thousands of comrades on this
t'oaet to graep again in love and good fellow
ship the hands and look into the eyes of their
gallant comrades of the oM campaigning days
I hope the pleasures and benefits of this
encampment by the Western era. will not be
all on one side, but that you. dear comrade*,
will be made happier in seeing the extent'
prosperity and grandeur of the. great country
your valor made a eolH whole.
• My comrades, it seems to me we should
thank God that we have been permitted to
pee and enjoy the fullness of our work while
thousand* of gallant souls were sped on many
birody fields.
Again I welcome you, my comrades, for my
department, and wish you a thoroughly enjoy
able reunion here and a eafe return to your
<I! start homes.
WELCOMED BY THE MAYOR.
When General Shafter concluded ! the
band, rendered patriotic melodies. "When
the national anthem was played every
person in the hall arose and remained
PLAYED PATRIOTIC MUSIC.
enthusiastic audience. Feelings cf pa
triotism were manifested throughout the
ever.ir.g whenever the Golden Gate Park
hand 1'layed some stirring melodies or
whon some speaker in words of fire paint
ed the achievements of this country and
of its great men.
The interior of the immense structure
was converted into a scene of color. Flags
floated from every rafter: flags covered
every gallery, and every pillar was en
twined in bunting of red. white ar.d blue.
On the walls of the building were the
pictures cf the commanders of every army
corps and its insignia. Shields and silken
flags containing the coat of arms of
every State in the Union and the date of
its admission as a State were used in dec
oration. Palms and flowers were used In
abundance in decorating the immense
platform.
«g m* AYOR SCHMITZ formally
/fl /g turned over the city to the
f^/§ rr.err.bers of the Grand Army
•r r xL c f the Republic and kindreU
crgranizaiions at the public re
ception tendered them in Mechanics' Pa
vilion last evening. In doing so he ex
tended a cordial welcome to' the visitors
and tcJd them in eloquent words how
proud the citizens were to have the vet
erans among them.
Mechanics' Tavilion was not filled to
overflowing, hut it contained a large and
Bids Them Welcome
in Behalf of
Citizens.
Speaks in Glowing
Words of Past
Victories.
Mayor Turns Over
the City to
Soldiers.
Commander Stewart
Recalls Old
Memories.
FORMALLY
WELCOMES
VISITORS
AUDIENCE
APPLAUDS
SPEECHES
VETERANS ATTEND BIG RECEPTION AT THE PAVILION
THE SAN FKANCISCO CAL.L, WEDNESDAY, AUGUST 19, 1903.
Commander-in-Chief Stewart of Grand Army of the Republic Addressing a Large Audience at the Pavilion
Continued on Page 5,. Column 5.
I bid you welcome for a city which, until
recently but an outpost of our national life,
is now fast.becominsone of its great centers.
I .. welcome you to the • scene of , our present
national activities and point to you: the great
ocean on which In the- time about -to come
American enterprise, American progress and
American patriotism are destined to play a
mest important part. (Applause.) . . .
I welcome you to this western shore, . beyond
.which and far, ,. far ' toward • the setting sun
rises a new sphere of , national action, - a new
theater for American activities, a new : scene
for' American achievement, ¦ where; American
arms and American valor .have already estab
lished an expansion of our national greatness
and an extension of -our. national elory. " "
I welcome you . to San Francisco, , queen city
of California, metropolis of the . commercial
life of our Pacific Ocean, where the bitternesses
GROWTH OF . THIS CITY.
I bid you welcome on the part of those who
wore the. gray as well as for those who wore
the blue, and for ! their children and their,
children's children. ¦> • ....
of an undivided nation and* an entire people.
(Applause.) ' . •_ ¦•..-¦¦
On behalf of the citizens of San Francisco,
Irrespective of class, condition or former
affiliation, I, her chief magistrate, bid you
a cordial welcome. . ¦
of war are now of the past and forgotten and
where ' In one great ' brotherhood, the sons
of the South Join with those of the North,
of the East and of the West in extending this
welcome in token of a nation absolutely solid
ified and a country completely reunited. (Ap
• Veterans of the war and those who have
come with you, the city of San Francisco U
now yours. (Great applause.)
GENERAL^ STEWART/ EEPLIES.
Comm'ander'stewart was Introduced and
responded on behalf of the Grand Army
of. the' Republic. He proved an orator of
ability and his speech was listened to with
deep : interest by bis auditors. He spoke
as follows:
Mr. Chairman, Comrade* of the Grand Army
of the Republic, Ladles and Gentlemen, and
Friends : I do not know that in all my expe
rience I have ever appreciated so fully or felt
so much the poverty of language ; and- of ex
pression as I do at this moment. : in this as
semblage and on this occasion. At I look out
over this "sea of faces" I am reminded oi«i
story of -the war that Ms t61d of an aid to a
general officer at Gettysburg who was sent
with an : order to a captain of a battery In the
thick of the engagement. He rode up to the
captain of the battery and h« delivered the
order and presented the compliments of his
commanding officer. It -va» very warm at
that time and the commander of the battery
turned to him and said: ••Would you like to
use my glasses to look out over the Hold"*
The aid replied: "Great God, no. Iamsca^d
to death with what I see with Just the naked
tTn to-n^ht Khter> That " Ur8ely my ™ l -
I have looked about this building:, and I can
associate with the old days everything beneath
the roof and between the walls, including the
young ladles and the young gentlemen and
these old bald-headed fellow.-: I can mix up
everything In this building and tie It up to the
old days. except "water spins." (Laughter.)
We never had them. {Continued laughter.)
BECALXS THE PAST.
But speaking seriously, and only for a mo
ment—I have had two days of very hard
work, and I shall not attempt at this time
any - finished address In response to the elo
quent speeches that have been made, but sure
ly.' this assemblage, with these badges, uni
forms, flags, corps marks, this magnificent
music, must have brought back to every one
in, this pavilion, as they did to me overwhelm
ingly the days that are gone; must have re
called the fields of carnage, of strife and of
.peril, anil it seem»-*« me that we beax aa-aJo
3
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Dyspepsia
ar.d other stomach troubles
quickly relieved and in most cases
surely cured by the use of
a . if
This scientific jrern*icjde is abso-
lutely harmless; it subdues the
inflammation of the mucous mem-
brane of the stomach, and by re-
moving the cause, effects a cure.
_ U*rd and recommended by leading phy-
sicians. Take no substitute and »ee thxt
each bottle tx^ars my signature. Trial size,
Sl.OO, at druggists or by mail, from
C1X> Prince St. - Hew York
Hcndjur JiocUrt.
You can get -on without
Schilling's Best
tea balcinc powd« spfcea
co6ea flavoring extracts «oda
of course; but why should you?
Kocejrback. U year graccr'a.SOLDIERS WHO SAW SERVICE IN THE PHILIPPINES AND WHO
ARE NOW LOOKING AFTER THE COMFORT' OF VETERANS OF
THE WAR OF THE REBELLION.
9:30 a. m.— Parade by Grand Army of the Republic. \
2 p. m. to 5 p. m. — Receptions at various headquarters of Grand Army,
Woman's Relief Corps and Ladies of the G. A. R.
9 p. m.— Reunion First Missouri 'and Second United States Artillery,
Albion Hall, Alcazar building.
3 p. m . Reunion of United States maimed soldiers, Temple Hall, 117
Turk street. ,~
.4 p. m.— Reunion of Ninth Ohio Volunteer Cavalry, Y. M. C. A. Hall.
4 p. m. Reunion of Iron Brigade, Army of Potomac, Pioneer building.
7:30 p. m. Grand vocal and instrumental concert at Mechanics' Pa
vilion. ' \.
8 p. m.— Woman's Relief Corps' reception to Commander in Chief
General Stewart, at Golden Gate Hall, 625 Sutter street.
8 p. m. — Wisconsin Society of Civil War -Reunion, Lyric Hall,^121
Eddy street. . . f-'vu';
8 p. m.— Ladies of the G. A. R. reception, Union-square Hall, 431
' . Post street. *Ml : &- .'-'•¦¦'¦¦ * ¦¦¦ ¦
8 p. m.— Spanish-American Veterans' reunion and campfire, Armory,
815 Ellis street. \
8 p. m^— Spanish- American War Veterans' reception to General Nelson
A. Miles, 909 Market street^
8 p. m.— Woman's Relief Corps of Washington and Alaska, reception,
Lick House. . \ ''•¦'-'•
g p. m . Illumination of streets and triumphal . arches.
EVENTS OF GREAT INTEREST
ARE SCHEDULED FOR TO-DAY
WILLIAM E Ch £url M ' hiU
Approved: V Adjutant General.
THOMAS J. STEW^vnT.
Commandor In Chief.
Letter Beturned After Many Years.
SAN JOSE, Aug. 13.-On the 30th of Jan
uary, 1873, a letter was mailed in the San
Jose postofflce. addressed to a person In
New York, in care of a sailors' home. On
the corner of the envelope was written
Frank Castle, the name of the aender.
This week the letter was returned here
and advertised. The envelope la In good
condition and the postmarks can be plain
ly read. The letter was received at New
York February «, 1S78. and delivered at the
Bailors* honJu, where It wa» held for more
than twenty-nve years. It will now be
returned to Frank Castle if ,he is allvd
and can be found. .¦
department, and then to be occupied anlv tor
disabled comrades. Carriages win be placed
at the left of column of their respective di.
partments. - »•« u»-
Dated August IS. 1003. "•,'
The commander* of the following- d«Dart
ments will assembla their respective iom
m*nd« at their headquarters at »J0 thU morn-
Ing and march the same to Third street be
tween Market and Mission, right re»tln* on
Market street for th« purpose of proceeding to
tb« place. assigned them as a division for the
general parade. Powell street, aouth of Qeary
right resting on Oeary street and Will tXm i»
the following order: Connecticut, Ma5£2S,i"
setts. New Jersey. Maine. Rhode IsUndTxew
Hampshire. Vermont. By order of tha «£uf
marshal. %*«*»*
The commanders of the following deuart
rnenw are requested to asaembl* their respect
ive commands at their department headquarters
at 8:30 this morning and march them to Second
street, between Mission and Market for^th.
purpose of marching to the place au'irnerl Jh«
division of which each department consUtuVJ*
a part, on Grant avenue, north of Geary »iit
right resting on Geary street, and win foraTln
the following order: Departments of Washlnar
ton and Alaska. Arkansas, New. Mexico Utah
Tennesuee, Louisiana. Mississippi, Montana!
Texas. Arizona. Georgia. AUUmiV North r&
kota, Oklahoma. Indian Territory/
By command of •
EDWARD S. 8ALOMON
Governor Pardee would not listen to
anything of the kind and Informed his
friend that If he declined to accept the in
vitation there would be danger of civil
war between California and Nevada over
the boundary line question.'
It was not generally known that Gov
ernor Sparks of Nevada was In the line
of parade yesterday, as he came into the
city unexpectedly. He met the Governor
of this State yesterday for the first time
and upon Governor Pardee's Inviting him
to Join in the parade said that as he was
not a member of the G. A. R. ho might
be excused.
The Spanish War Veterans, General
Nelson A. Miles Command, by request
will escort the Army Nurses of the Na
tional Association of the Civil War from
their headquarters at The Renton to the
main grand stand on Market street.
The Spanish War Veterans. Nelson A.
Miles Command No. 244, will grive a re
ception to-night at Pythian Castle, 909
Market street, to Lieutenant General Nel
son A. Miles, U. S. A., retired.
The feature of the evening: will be a
talk by the honored gniest.
The National Army and Navy Spanish War
Veterans, the young: grand army of th» re
public, extends fraternal itreetings and best
wishes to the old G. A. R.
General Stewart, commander In
chief of the Grand Army of the Republic:
COMMANDER IN CHIEF TJREL.I*
of the Spanish War Veterans yes
terday sent the following tele
pram fro* Washington, D. C, to
. DAVENPORT, Iowa, Aug. 13.— Sheriff
Barclay, of Tlpton, to-day captured Au
gust Lueth. a farmhand who confessed
that he kidnaped Mrs. John Telsrow of
Bennett and held her in the cellar of a
deserted house while awaiting a ransom
of $50,000 from her husband. Lueth was
taken at once to the Jail at Tlpton for
fear of violence.
Captured Kidnaper Confesses.
Before returning home you trill be interested
In a«eing Sausalito. Mill Valley or San Rafael.
the beautiful suburban home district : 1* train*
daily via North Shore R. R. (Sausalito. ferry).
v«i4 round trip. 25c to 50c Mount Tfcmalpaia
(scenic railway trip). *1 00. Ticket office. fctf
Marttt street. S. F. (Phone Prtvate Exc ltSo.)»
Holders of G. A B. Tickets.
NOTICE
Forbids Obedience to Governor's Or
der and Is Subsequently Himself
Sentenced to Death.
LONDON, Aug. lS.-The Daily Mall's
correspondent at St. Petersburg describes
a sensational Incident which occurred
during the Kleff strikes. . On one occasion,
he says, when the troops were ordered by
the Governor to fire on the strikers, a
young captain stepped in front of his com- •
pany and forbade the troops to fire upon
"their poor starving/ brothers." *
The soldiers obeyed 'the counter order
and the captain made a flaming: revolu
tionary speech to his men. He .was Im
mediately arrested, tried by court-martial
and sentenced to death.
RUSSIAN CAPTAIN PREVENTS ;
TBOOPS KILLINO STRIKERS
In their reply, the executors, who ara
Morton F. Plant and Margaret J. Plant.
son and widow of the -late millionaire.
andGeorge E. Pilley declare that tha ap
plicants have no pecuniary interest in
the estate except as annuitants under tha
will, and that the application is not
brought in good faith. They move that
the petition be dismissed. A hearing will
be held later.
NEW HAVEN. Conn.. Aug. 13.— The mx+
ecutors of the will of the late. Henry
Bradley Plant to-day filed In the Probate
Court their answer to the application oj
Charles T. Hoadley and Horace G. Road
ley of Waterbury for the removal of th«
executors. The Hoadleys. who are max*
Ing a legal fight for recognition as col
lateral heirs of the Plant estate, which 14
said to amount to about $20,000,000, al
lege that the executors were wasting thi
estate and .that the probating of the will
was wrongfully removed from the Juris
diction of the Connecticut courts to Ne*(
York.
Custodians of $20,000,000 Estata
File Their Answer in the
Probate Court.
PLANT HKIBS (TTTATiQE ; ; .;
EXECUTORS WITH WASTH
Colonel Klnne has a brilliant war rec
ord. It began with the famous Califor
nia Hundred, which waa eventually mus
tered into the Second Massachusetts
Cavalry and designated as Company A.
With that organization he participated
in some of the fiercest fighting of tho
war, beginning with a chase after Mosby
and his men and ending at Appomattox
Courthouse, where the last shot waa
fired and Lee surrendered to Grant. After
the grand review at Washington. Colonel
Kinne, who had already received promo
tion from first sergeant to the rank of
captain and assistant adjutant general of
volunteers, returned to this city, where
he re-entered the National Guard, from
which he had resigned at the outbreak of
the war. He has since held positions In
that organization ranging from major
and Judge advocate of the Second Brig
ade to lieutenant colonel and assistant
adjutant general on the division staff.
He has occupied offices in the Califor
nia G. A. R., and was department com
mander for two years. He la a member
of the Military Order of the Loyal Le
gion, of which he has been treasurer for
a number of years. _,".". ,
Candidates for other positions under
the next commander in chief of the G.
A. R-, General John C. Black, are not be
ing mentioned very frequently, for the
vnrinua States ara -wroStlng tfc* .selection
of the chief before making known their
favorites for subordinate places. Two
candidates are said to be seeking: tho
nomination of chaplain In chief of the
army, one being 1 Wlnfield Scott, who is
the candidate of the Department of Ari
zona, and the other Is Chaplain Bross of
the Department of Nebraska. The first
mentioned Is said to have tha strongest
backing.
At the national headquarters yesterday
General Stewart and his assistants wera
kept busy the greater part of tha day
issuing credentials to the delegates of
the convention and arranging for tha
opening of the annual session to-morrow.
During the forenoon General Miles paid
a friendly call on the commander In chief
and remained with him for about ten
minutes. Later several of General Black's]
friends called at headquarters and after
departing: one of them remarked that!
there was no further doubt that General
Miles would be. foremost among those
who will support the nomination of Black;
as successor to General Stewart.
The giving to California of snch a
prominent place in the national director
ate of the organization is deeply appre
ciated by the veterans of the State, and;
it Is certainly appreciated by the distin
guished soldier upon whom the honor
falls.
fairs of the Department of Cali
fornia, is to be the next senior vice com
mander in chief of the Grand Army of
the Republic. The selection of this well
known veteran was made yesterday. His
name will go before the convention o£
delegates to-morrow and will be accept
ed without opposition. For years, with
two exceptions, it has been a custom of
the encampments to name for the posi
tion of senior vice commander in chief a
delegate from the city in which the en
campment is held, this as a mark of ap
preciation of the courtesies extended to
the veterans during their stay in tho
city. The only exceptions have been on,
two occasions when a strife was devel
oped, and a number of contests arose.
Since there is no strife this year. Com
mander In Chief. Stewart notified the lo
cal posts that it would be well to unlta
on a man for the position. Following
his suggestion the representatives mec
yesterday and voted to accord Colonel C.
Mason Klnne the honor.
COLONEL C. MASON KINNE. a
member of Lincoln Post No. 1 of
San Francisco, who is "prominent
In the administration of the af-
Comrades to Name
Him for Second
in Command.
High Position for
Local Member
Of Or. *fi • J\»
VETERANS
TO HONOR
C. M. KINNE
VETERANS WILL MARCH TO-DAY BENEATH OLD FLAGS
YOUTHFUL
HEROES OF
LAST WAR
Men Who Fought in
Philippines
Reunite.
Plan Jictlon for a
National Order
in America.
THE Spanish-American War Vet
erans met last night at the
Ellis street Armory. About
Beventy-flve were in attendance.
Surgeon General Brown called
the meeting to order. Comrade H. T.
Eime. past department commander of
California, was nominated temporary
chairman and T. P. O'Brien temporary
pf-cretary. The early part of the session
*aF devoted to a eort of desultory talk,
all leading up to the one general Idea of
the convention, that idea being the gen
eral amalgamation of all the societies
that have emanated from the Spanish-
American war.
On the topic in question speeches were
made by General Owen Summers, past
commander In chief of the National Asso
ciation of Spanish-American War Veter
ans of Portland. Oregon; Rev. Chaplain
Wholly of Rhode Island: George Hollis
ter of San Francisco: W. S. Thompson
of Oakland; Colonel MeClintock of Ari
zona; Major Bean of Minnesota; Dr. E.
M. Brown of Washington, and Captain
Costcllo of San Francisco. General Sum
mers, who is brevet brigadier general of
the Second Oregon. United States Volun
teer?, made the principal speech of the
evening. His remarks brought forth
much applause. Unity was practically
the key note of his talk. His idea was
to bring together all the associations as
a unit, to follow in the. footsteps of the
Grand Army of the Republic.
The following committee on credentials
was appointed:
Comrade Brown of Washington, Com
rade O"Nell of California, and Comrade
Levy of Idaho.
The executive committee went into ses
sion at 11 o'clock and after a short con
sultation adjourned to meet this after
noon at 2:30 o'clock, at the Ellis etreet
Armory, when the election of officers
will take place.
KAISER WANTS 39,000
MORE FIGHTING MEN
German Emperor Will Ask Reichstag
for Large Increase in Permanent
Military Establishment.
BERLIN. Aug. 18.— There seems to be
no doubt that the Government, under the
impulse of the Emperor, is determined to
esk the Reichstag for an increase in the
permanent military establishment by
about 39,000 men. to be organised into two
army corps, thus raising the etandinj?
arroy to about 647.000 officers and men.
The increased annual charge is, esti
mated at $9,000,000, exclusive of equip
ment. It is affirmed that the proposed in
crease has nothing to do with the posi
tion cf foreign questions.
Special G. A. R. Excursions Open
to All.
YOSEMITE VALLEY.
rv> not fail to visit this wonderland of Cali
fornia. Pee its towering walls of granite,
rupged cliffs ar.d cascades, hundreds of feet
high. Total cost $48 50, Including round trip
railroad fare, berth in sleeper, hotels, trails
and visit to the famous Mariposa big trees.
Fleoping car to Raymond via Southern Padnc
?very night. For folders and details apply to
Information Bureau, 613 Market street. •
San Franciscan Is Lowest Bidder.
NEVADA CITY, Aug. 18.— Edward Mal
ley, a San Francisco contractor, is the
lowest bidder for the work of making the
proposed cut through Deguerre Point. His
bid is JloS,5<5 for the work complete. The
work planned is in accordance with the
Ideas of the United States engineers.Ywhile
State Debris Commissioner W. W. wag
goner of thjs city is against the project,
believing that It will not meet the re
quirements intended. The cut through the
point is Intended to divert tHe waters of
the Yuba Into one channel, which Wag
goner insists will be the means of filling
the Feather River at Marysville with sev
eral feet of debris.
I"oggy Weather Benefits Hop Crop.
SANTA ROSA, Aug. 18.— Hop picking
will begin in Bonoma County yards on
Thursday. The foggy weather which hag
recently prevailed has been most benefi
cial to the growing crop. The indications
are that the yfeJd will be about two
thirds of the usual crop.
«|» «» EADQUARTERS Chief Marshal.
JTJr Thirty-eeventh National Encamp
g^Tf ment. Grand Army of the Re-
public Parade.
By direction and orders of the
commander in chief the chief
marshal publishes, the following
for the information and guidance of all con
cerned :
Department commanders are charred with
the prompt promulgation to every post taking
part In the parade.
1. The parade will be organized by depart
ments, under command of their respective com
manders, and assigned to position in column
in accordance with seniority. No women or
children appearing in grotesque costume will
be permitted in the parade, as It will be
etrlctly military.
7 Assembling.
2. The national staff, aids and escorts of
the commander In chief will assemble on New
Montgomery street, right resting on Stevenson
street, at 9 a. m.
Aids on the staff of th» commander m
chief will report to J. Cory Winans, chief of
staff.
3. The Department of Illinois and Wiscon
sin will assemble on Mason street, south of
Geary, right resting on Geary street. The
departments of Pennsylvania, Ohia and New
' An aid from the staff of the chief marshal
will be detailed to conduct each department
to its rendezvous. The column will move
from the corner of Geary and Powell streets
at 10 a. m.
Route.
4. The route of the pnrade will be from
the corner of Powell and Geary streets, along
Geary to Kearny, to California, to Montgom
ery, thence to Market and along Market to
Van Ness avenue, passing the reviewing stand
on that avenue, thence two blocks north,
where the departments will be dismissed by
the chief marshal.
Formation.
6. The mounted staff of department com
manders, where the numbers permit, and all
mounted escorts, will form in platoons of
eight files front and four paces distance.
< Bands.
6. Bands will alternate in playing and will
conform their music to a cadence of ninety
steps to the minute; all bands will play In
passing the reviewing stand; no bands will
turn out at the reviewing stand.
Salutes.
7. Department commanders only will salute In
passing the reviewing stand. . Commanders of
poets and comrades in rank will not salute,
but will pass the reviewing officer eyes to the
front. No department commanders will leave
the column at the reviewing stand, nor will
they attempt to review their respective de
partments after the reviewing stand has been
passed. |
Dismissal.
8. The parade will be dismissed as Indicated
In subdivision 4.
Parade.
fl.' The column will move In the following
order:
Platoon of mounted police.
Drum Corps of the National Association - of
Civil War Musicians.
Chief Marshal, Edward S. Salomon.
STAFF.
William J. Ruddlck, chief of staff; William
K. Lute, adjutant general; Sol Cahen. quarter
master general; J. P. Shine, chief aid.
AIDS.
In file of eight front.
BAND.
Personal escort of commander In' chief,
GeorKP H. Thomas Post No. 2, Department of
California. . A. IX Cutler commanding. The
commander in. chief, Thomas J. -Stewart; quar
termaster general. Charles Burrows; Judge ad
vocate general. A. B. Beers; adjutant general,
John W. Bchall; Junior vlce\cpmmander in
chief, Jamea P. Avert 11; chaplain in chief.- d.
U. Bhuey; assistant adjutant general. . J. h.
Hoi comb; inspector general. J. A. Walsh; mem
bers of executive committee — Thomas G. Sam
ple, Thomas W. Scott. -W. H. Armstrong, at.
J. Cummlngs. S. C. James, A. A. Taylor.:
Bugler. > Standard btarer.
Chief of staff. J. Cory Winans.
Aids formed in files of eight front.*
Grand Army of the Republic in the fol
lowing Order: Department of Illinois. Benson
Wood; Wisconsin, J. P. Bundle; Pennsylvania,
Edwin Walton; Ohio, A. C. Yengllng; New
York. John , 8. Coster: Connecticut, •• Morgan
G. Bulkeley; Massachusetts, Dwight O. Judd;
New Jersey, Stephen M. Long: Maine, Joshua
The departments of Minnesota, Missouri,
Oregon. Kentucky, West Virginia and South
Dakota will assemble on Grant avenue, south
of Geary Btreet, right resting on Geary. '
The departments of Washington and Alaska,
Arkansas, Xew Mexlcb, Utah. Tennessee.
Louisiana, Mississippi, Montana. Texas; Idaho,
Arizona, Georgia, Alabama. North Dakota,
Oklahoma and Indian Territory will assemble
on Grant avenue/ north or Geary street, right
resting on Geary.
Tha Dtaartment of California and Nevada
will assemble on Grant avenue, on the left
of Indian Territory, extending north on Grant
avenue, across Post street,, and east and west
of Grant avenue on Post street as the com
mander of the department may deem necetsary.
The departments of Potomac, Virginia and
North Carolina, Maryland, Nebraska and Mich
igan, will assemble on Stockton street, north
of Geary, right resting on Geary street.
The departments of Iowa, Indiana, Colorado
and Wyoming:, Kansas and Delaware, will as
semble on Stockton street, south of Geary.
right resting on Geary street.
York will assemble on Powell street, north
of Geary, right renting on Geary.
The departments of Connecticut, Massachu
setts. New Jersey, Maine, Rhode Island, New
Hampshire and Vermont will assemble on
Powell street, south of Geary. ri«ht resting
on Geary street.
Details of the Procession Issued by
Order of the Commander in Chief.
GRAND ARMY PARADE
TAKES PLACE TO'DAY
as Cavanaujh: Arkansas, John H. Avery; New
I*. Chamberlain: Rhode Island, James S. Hud
son; New Hampshire, Edward E. Parker; \«r
mont. Frank Penrteld; Potorrt&e, Ivory c. Kim
ball; Virginia and North Carolina, M. H.
Haafl', Maryland, "William Btahl; Nebraska,
Lee S. Estell; Michigan. D. B. K. Van Raalte;
Iowa. L. Br Raymond: Indiana, George W.
Grubbs; Colorado and Wyoming, 6. H.
Vaujthn; Kansas, " A. W.- Smith; Delaware,
William O. BauKbt- Minnesota. Isaao L. Ma
hen: Missouri, Frank M. Sterret; Oregon, D.
H. Turner; Kentucky, J.-W. Forlee; West Vir
ginia, Alexander C. Moore: South Dakota,
Thomas Reed; Washington and Alaska, Thorn-
Mexico, J. W. Edwards; Utah. Prank H.
Clark: Tennessee, George W. Patton: Louisiana
and Mississippi, Charles W. Keetins;: Florida.
J, F. Chase; -Montana. J. 8.. Wiener; Texas,
John H. Belton: Idaho, E.'S. "Whlttler: Oeor
gla. F. D. \Lee Fit«erald; -Alabama/ R. H.-Al
lison; North Dakota, H. J. Howe; Oklahoma,
C. P. Green; Indian Territory, John A. Rose;
California and Nevada, William R. Shaftcr.
' 10. Posts will form In sections of elcht at
full distance.' The distance between posts will
be sixteen : paces, between departments thirty
paces. These distances must be maintained.
1 11. Carriages will not bo permitted In Una,
except to the extont of two carriages for each
THE SAN FEANCISGO CALL, WEDNESDAY, AUGUST 19, 1UU3.
4
'^¦^^i-'r^&^'^^irriii/Tflfig^lfflflgJftjgffngyjfffig^ "TisMi4i'| l | l > Vf^m j <'^orirfrrii«'ii'iiHfyif»Mfri'lTSf^Continued From Page 3, Column 7.
Reception at Pavilion,
. ROME, Aug. 18.— It is rumored that an
Italian squadron has been, ordered to con
centrate in" Sicilian waters in readiness to
gall for the, Turkish coast. ,; : -.¦.:..
Italy May Send a Squadron.
Militiamen Fight Sham Battle.
SANTA CRUZ, Aug. 18.— The members
of , the Seventh > Regiment, now in camp
here, fought a sham battle to-day on, their
drill grounds. .A 'ball was given at Dol
phin Hair to-night to honor of the militia
men, ;¦•--.-_-— * . .
Souvenir 'writing tablets and paneteries,
containing -mission and other scenic
views -illuminated with California' poppy
and 'poinsettla pictures. Good' to. write
home -and- take; home. Stacks: of other
souvenirs.' ' Sanborn, Vail & , Co.," 7413Mar
ket street- ' - " ' • " / * ' • *
Souvenir Writing Papers.
LONDON, "Aug. , 19.— A Constantinople
dispatch to- the Daily Chronicle dated Au
gust 14 describes the Turkish , officials as
in despair at the rising In Macedonia. The
Turkish Officials Expect War.
BELGRADE, Servla, Aug. 18.— There is
no truth in the sensational report,'circu
lated in the United States yesterday by a
news agency, that the. Russian Vice Con
sul at Monastir, Dr. Maridelstram," who
succeeded ,the murdered' Consul,
kovski, had been shot near Monastir.
False Humor - of Assassination.
• ROME, "Aug. 18.— Private advices from
the Balkan, peninsula received here state
that Bulgaria has. practically, mobilized
an army, as the troops under arms in the
principality now : amount to , more than
70,000. ¦ The Bulgarian Government is un
willing to venture • for . the time being on
any hostile rnovement against Turkey, as
Undoes ¦: not -wish to lose the 1 support of
Russia. /, It \ hopes that. public opinion in
Russia will "force the Government to help
Bulgaria against Turkey and the dispatch
of a Russian squadron to Turkish waters
encourages the Bulgarians In this view.
Seventy Thousand Troops Under
; .Anns in the. Principality. •
BULGARIAN ARMY MOBILIZED.
Will Hold a Race Meeting.
PORTLAND, Or.. Aug. 18.— At a meet
ing of the Multnomah Fair Association
to-day it was decided to hold a five days'
race meeting, beginning September 21 and
ending September 28. In addition to the
race meeting, there will be a fat stock
show, which it is expected will attract
exhibitors from all over the Northwest.
The meeting will be held during the
Multnomah Athletic Club carnival, which
opens on September 14. * ¦-' -*¦
TAMAQUA, Pa.. Aug. 18.— A monument to
the memory of Patrick Sharpe, a local leader
of the miners, who was shot a year ago by a
deputy, was dedicated to the St. Joseph's Ceme
tery. Summit Hill, to-day.
*' Dispatches received here from Belgrade,
Servla,; say- that the Turkish. Minister
there has secured the detention of a quan
tity of- arms and ammunition destined for
Bulgaria. _Thes forwarder of thewar mu
nitions was sentenced .to pay a fine, of
$4000 for the illegal j exportation of muni
tions-of war.'-' > ¦
The repeated attacks made by the In
surgents on the . railroads^and the inade
quate protection afforded by the Turkish
authorities have compelled the railroad
officials to order, Jrf spite of the protests
of the military commanders, a suspension
of traffic- on the Salonlca, Monastir and
Uskub lines.
Twenty-four- battalions of reserves In
the vilavet of Anatolia have- been sum
moned to the colors. - . - '. • .
The insurgent bands In the vilayet of
Adrianople are active. One. band recently
captured a- detachment of sixty' Turkish
soldiers near Haskoi, close to the Bul
garian frontier. • .
of the foreign embassies In Constantino
ple, no less than 800 Mussulmans have
been massacred throughout the district
of Monastir by the insurgents, whose
movements continue to gain ground. En
mer Rushdl Pasha, who is nominally in
command of the Turkish troops operat
ing in the Monastir district, Is seriously
hampered in his efforts to _suppress the
insurrection by the fact that the instruc
tions he receives from here are constant
ly changing, and that when a move is
undertaken a counter order from the pal
ace alters the whole situation. The Tur
kish commissariat department is in a
wretched condition. The troops at Mon
astir,. for instance, have not been served
with rations of meat for six weeks. .
Continued. From Page 1, Column 1.
INSURGENTS WILL BATTLE
RECEPTION AT WOMAN'S RE
LIEF CORPS HEADQUAR
TERS, LEADING OFFICERS.
General Wagner also spoke and In the
course of his remarks took occasion to
thank the citizens of this city for the
warmth of their welcome and their gen
erous ( hospitality.
v • i ¦ I • ¦ , ¦ ¦ t • ¦ I t , t --j —4 —4 — 4 — j — J— 4-^
officials were kept busy conveying troops
and stores to the disaffected area. War
with , Bulgaria .was .believed to be Immi
nent and the military men. were impa
tiently, awaiting the opening of hostilities
to end. the suspense, which was taxing
the patience and discipline of the troops
to, the utmost. .,,:-., .V::..
. 1 hope the members of the Grand Army" will
live on and I hope the Ladles of the Grand
Army will help them all they can. We want
to help the needy comrades and look after their
dependent ones. We want to help them with
flowers and sympathy while they are alive, not
when they are dead. As a Lady of the Grand
Army I am glad of this opportunity to speak
to you. It is Indeed a pleasure. I would
rather address a convention of Grand Army
men than appear before the crowned heads of
Europe. 1 believe the wives and daughters of
the veterans are the royalty of America.
(Applause.) , ;•;•;: : -/t * . ,
I am proud to be with you to-night. I am
bo grateful that we have had the opportunity
to be here In this State, which Is noted for
gold. 'But the eold X have found here is in
the welcome that has been given to the rep
resentative* and their families. (Applause.)
I represent the mother, the wife and sister and
the daughter of the' living and dead heroes
of our nation. I am eo srlad that we are the
descendants of the boys of "61. I am so glad
I came from the State of Virginia;
that r came from the loyal part
of the State— Weet Virginia. (Applause.)
That State made another star in the flag. You
know Virginia. You know the war started at
Phllllpa and you know Lee surrendered at
Appomattox. We suffered in West Virginia.
We - lost our loved ones. I lost a brother in
tho war.
Mrs. Anna M. Hall, national president <
the society of Women of the Grand Arm:
spoke at great length and told of her Ioa
for the flag and for the men who d<
fended it. In part she said:
fought and so many of the-n save up thel
lives may be perpetuated. As the represents
tlvo of the "Woman's Relief Corps I want t
thank the commanler and the citizens of. iJal:
fornla for their great Hospitality. ¦
LOVES THE GRAin) ARMY.
"Well, I am August Runge, apprentice
boy on the Colorado and coxswain • of
Dewey's dingey."
Mr. Runge is now chief of the Fire De
partment of Minneapolis, and Mr. Stone
laughingly turned to the bystanders and
compared the little 14-year-old," rolypoly,
red cheeked youngster with the well
rounded, substantial citizen of, to-day. ,
Mr. Stone recalled an amusing incident
In the career of the young apprentice.
Young Runge was put in charge of the
market boat by Mr. Stone as ship's clerk.
Coming back from market some of the
boat's crew smuggled some whisky aboard
and Dewey, holding Runge responsible;
put him in charge of the master at arms
and for a .week the young "fellow . swung
In a hammock-on' ttie berth' deck. "."¦¦ '
As W. W. Stone, one of the Grammar
School principals, was assisting the cap
tain in forming Phelps' squadron for the
parade a tall, robust veteran approached
and asked Mr. Stone:
"Weren't- you the sMip's clerk-.. of- the
Colorado when Dewey was 'first luff'?"
"I was," answered Mr. Stone.
"Well, maybe you don't remember me."
"I am sorry to say I don't." . . * '
MEETS OLD COMRADE.
The Austrian Military Company, com
manded by Captain Russell, and" members
of tho Austrian Benevolent Association,
led by President S. Saladln. also took part
in the parade. The Roosevelt Boys' Club,
led by* Captain A. H. Hutchlnson, closed
the splendid parade. The youngsters were
attired in khaki and wore the Rough Rid
er's hat. *
sion Turn Verein also sent forth a big
contingent and the showing made by the
Germans was very fine.
SMALL BOYS MARCH.
The ninth division was in charge of
Marshal Morris SimonoQ*. His aids were
Dr. J. W. Likens and R. L.'Radke. The
Columbia Park Boys' Band and Drum
Corps led the division. These youngsters,
who. one bystander said, were "knee high
to a grasshopper," played like old-time
professionals. The drummers wielded
their sticks with, skill and the buglers
played stirring marches. The appearance
of the little fellows was the signal for
cheering. The lads stepped out like regu
lars and when they, passed the reviewing
stand they saluted with all the dignity
of tried veterans. Major Sydney S. Piex
otto commanded the regiment, and he
was given excellent assistance by . his
young officers.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, Aug. 18.-
In view of the epidemic of typhoid fever
which visited Stanford University and
Palo Alto last spring, it has been deemed
advisable by the university authorities to
enforce the proper sanitary conditions
wherever students or others connected
with the institution are temporarily re-
Fiding. In accordance with this precau
tionary measure, it has been decreed that
all boarding-houses or other places where
students are living, must be sufficiently
disinfected and arranged to satisfy a
close sanitary Inspection by Dr. TV. F.
Snow, the university health officer. This
rule affects not only the boarding-houses
on the campus, but also those of Palo
Alto, Mayfleld, College Terrace and Hen
lo Park, the neighboring towns. Follow
ing the inspection a certificate will be
Issued to the boarding-house keepers, and
students Wfio occupy rooms in uncertified
houses will not be allowed to enter the
university. This step was taken by the
advice of the health authorities of Santa
Clara County.
Stanford University Authorities
Formulate Strict Exiles for th©
Guidance of Students.
SAKTTAB.Y CONDITION'S
MUST BE OBSERVED
"Let the Guggenheims name a price for
all their Interests In Mexico and if I find
that it is reasonable, after they are ex
amined by my men, I will buy them. I
am buying mines, .not selling.'.* .. >
Alvarado had nearly 100O burros carry-
Ing bullion from his mine. to the railroad.
How much hay been: taken out of It no
one knows — possibly not L even 'Pedro Al
varado. At the works of the Palmillo
mine he has a steel cage In which are
bars of gold and silver to the estimated
value of J60,000,000. .
Alvarado recently offered to pay the
public debt of ; Mexico * as - a donation to
the Government. His offer was rejected
by Minister of s Finance Umantour. He
lived ln v a palace, which he receutly com
pleted near Parral, and when he visited
the town he was always accompanied by
an armed bodyguard of .twenty-flve men.
"John Hays Hammond is the greatest
expert In the world." said the agent, "and
he can tell all' about it."
"I know all about' it," said' Alvarado.
"I go through It every day." - .
"But this is a- great company. We
want to make, you an off er " on the . mine
if you will permit our expert to examine
it."
"I don't want to sell the property and,
furthermore, no experts are permitted to
enter my mine. I have anne'd guards
there' to keep* them out."
Finding it impossible . to get an expert
into the mine to' examine 'It' the agent of.
the company asked Alvarado to set ' a
price for his mine and .the company would
pay him cash down. To this proposition
Alvarado replied:
AUSTIN, Tex., Aug. 18.— A private dis
patch was received here to-day from Chi
huahua, Mexico, stating that Pedro Al
varado, the multi-millionaire mining man
of Parral. that State, died there yester
day. He was sick bur a short time. He
Is survived by a wife and several chil
dren, who, It Is supposed will inherit his
fortune, estimated at seventy millions of
dollars. All of this vast fortune was
made within the past six yoars out of
the Palmillo mine.
The phenomenal richness of the Pal
millo mine has attracted the attention
off the entire mining- world. This mine
was discovered about four years ago by
Alvarado, then a Mexican peon, employed
as a workman in a mine at 50 cents a
day.
The American Smelting and Refining
Company, through its Mexican branch,
the Guggenheim Exploration Company,
recently made an unsuccessful effort to
open negotiations with Alvarado to pur
chase his mine. The agent of the great
mining corporation approached Alvarado
with a proposition that . Its mining ex
pert, John Hays Hammond, btj permitted
to inspect the mine.
"Why should he Inspect it?" said Al
varado.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Military Parade.
Continued From Page 2, Column 7.
Pedro Alvarado, Richest
Man in Mexico,
Is Dead.
Our corre«i>ondentB have informed us that
the Judge sustained us on all points. We were
Informed about the provision the court makes
for having the Union Iron Works complete its
contracts. Smith is receiver and is given full
charge of the properties, with the provision
only that the Union Iron Works shall be per
mitted to use them without any hindrance to
complete Ehlps. This was for the purpose of
preventing a cancellation of contracts by the
Government. The receiver owns the properties.
The Union Iron Works will be permitted under
the decision to use the tools necessary for the
completion of the work on the ships. This is
all the limitation placed upon the receiver's
absolute possession.
WASHINGTON. Auk. 18.— Acting; Sec
retary Darling has received a telegram
from the counsel of the United States
Shipbuilding Company, of which the
Crescent Shipbuilding Company is a part,
stating that the company hopes event
ually to be able to resume work on the
cruiser Chattanooga and the torpedo
boats Nicholson and O'Brien. The Acting
secretary has replied that the department
will be interested to know whenever the
company finds Itself in readiness to re
sume this work. The contracts for all
three ships have been canceled and a
board of officers ordered to appraise the
work done. It Is believed that the vessels
will be completed at Government yards.
NEW TORK. Aug. 18.— James Smith
Jr., receiver for the United States Ship
building Company, is considering the ad
visability of issuing receivers' certificates
in order to obtain funds "for keeping the
shipbuilding? plants in operation.
Referring to the appointment of Smith
as receiver for the Union Iron Works,
William Nelson Cromwell of counsel for
the Sheldon Reorganization Committee
said to-day that he had been Informed
that Judge Beatty rendered a decision
which, while recognizing the appointment
of Smith as receiver, did not permit him
to enter into possession of the Union Iron
Works.
"The decision of Judge Beatty follows
the precedent established by Judge Put
nam relating to the Bath Iron Works,"
said he.
Guggenheimer, Untermeyer and Mar
shall, counsel tor the receiver, expressed
a contrary opinion. Marshall said:
Special Dispatch to The Call
LEAVES ESTATE
OF $70,000,000
Shipyards Trust Fac
tions Disagree as to
Iron Works.
Army order — Major 3. Estcourt Sawyer,
quartermaster, from San Francisco to Phila
delphia. ¦
Navy orders — Paymaster E. D. Ryan de
tached naval station. Guam, to San Francisco
to await orders: Assistant Paymaster T. H.
Pheederson. detached Independence, Mare Isl
and yard, to Guam.
Postofflce discontinued August 31: Califor
nia — Cahulla. Riverside County. mail • to
Aguanga.
Postmaster commissioned : Washington—
Cyrtllus, B. Motsenger. Covello.
California — Henry E. urunner and E. J.
Patterson. Haywards, oil burner nozzle:
August Holtgen, San Francisco, tank; George
I. Leonard, Pasadena, assignor two-thirds to
J. M. Armstrong, Long Beach, and T. W.
Lincoln. Pasadena, locating minerals; Timothy
M&honejr. San Francisco, electric rail-way sys
tem; William H. Medina. San Francisco, stove
pipe holder; Edward T. Miles and Z. Storch.
Alameda, pump; Ruth M. Nldever Mllford.
footstool; Joseph J. O'Brien, San Jose. fold-
Ing case; George J. Steele. Car.by, hammer;
Alfred C. Stewart. Santa. Paula, automatic
regrulator for liquid fuel burners; William G.
Turner, French Camp, garment; Stephen S.
"Ward. Napa, assignor two-thirds to "W. C.
Hewitt and C. Herrmann. Fernando, foldable
fruit ladder; Morris C. White and O. C.
Buryea. Los Angeles. trolley catch;
same, assignors to National Free Piston
Engine Corr.pany (limited*. Los Angeles, auto
matic feed mechanism; Thomas Williams, as
signor one-half to C It. Splirale. San Fran
cisco, oil burner; Ellhu C. Wilson, Los An
geles,- casing shear.
Washington — Henry A. Ammann and A. D.
Campbell. Spokane, electric railway signal;
Frank Charrlon. Fair haven, water tap for
waste paper; William R. Crlffleld. walla.
Walla, plow Jointer or rolling collar; Edwin
F. Davtson, Marysville. fly trap; Walter Harl-
Ing, Blalne. adjustable strap for eccentrics;
George W. Henlcle. Vancouver, fruit dryer;
George Marlow Sr.. • Spokane, air and steam
feeding attachment for boiler furnaces: George
E. McKInney, Walla Walla, photographic
tray; Joseph Morin. Seattle, saw set: Carrie.
T. Starr, Wilbur, spool holder: Dudley Worden,
assignor one-half to *T. P. Phelps, Whatcotn,
combined saw set and gauge.
WASHINGTON. Aug. 18.— Patents i»
sued to-day:
tions— Postoffice Changes and
Army and Navy Orders.
Patents Issued for Various Inven-
OF INTEREST TO PEOPLE
OF THE PACIFIC COAST
DISPUTE STATUS
OF THE RECEIVER
"Poor Biir'-r-and then the two veterans
fell to talking over old times until an
other of their number Joined them and
began plying a similar line of questions.
And thus were the old soldiers reunited
yesterday. It was a busy day for Grand
Army men around the different headquar^
ters. From one to another they plodded,
scanning registers and strange faces and
making anxious inquiries for those they
had not seen for over a quarter of a cen
tury. Time tells severely on the ranks
of the veterans and many an inquiry yes
terday developed the fact that the reaper
had preceded the searcher and relegated
"He's dead. Buried two years ago."
''Know. Brown of Company TJ?"
"Big Bill Brown, who was shot on the
way out?, Should say I did."
"I'm his brother."
"You don't tell me. Pleased to meet
you. How's Bill?"
Among the more notable of the evening
receptions was that held by the members
of the Department of Missouri, Woman's
Relief Corps, in their rooms at the Pal
are. Of those who Joined in welcoming
the g-uests were the following named:
Mrs. Frances Van Slyke, president; Mrs.
Sarah V. Sllnger, secretary; Mrs. Lucinda
Scott, counselor; Mrs. Birdseye, past
president; Mrs. Steismere, past president;
Mrs. Annie Miller and Mrs. Sopha Evers.
As a Fouvenir of the occasion each guest
of the evening received a miniature of
the fltg adopted by St. Louis for Its com
ir.g world's exposition.
In the headquarters of the Ladies of
the G. A. It. there are to be found a
number of candidates for the position of
national president of that organization,
which is now presided over by Mrs. M.
Annie Hall of New Tork. She has been
mentioned as a possible successor to her
self, owing to the fact that her present
term has been a short one, she having
succeeded Mrs. Hurst at the time of the
death of the last named. "
Among the other candidates for the po
sition are Mrs. RIggs of Ohio, Mrs. Mary
T. Hager of Illinois, Mrs. Man" Stock of
Missouri, Mrs. Ruth Foote of Colorado,
Mrs. Sue Staine of Washington State, and
Mrs. Bailey of this city. Mrs. Rlgga is
j-upppsed to be the strongest candidate to
date The election for national officers of
the Ladies of the Grand Army will take
place to-morrow afternoon at the eame
time as the members of the Woman's Re
lief Corps are choosing new officers.
Aside from the contest for the presi
dency of the organization the members
of the corps have not yet evidenced a
great interest in the question of national
officers for the coming year, for which
they will ballot to-morrow afternoon.
They have been too busy with other mat
ters" Yesterday the preliminary arrange
ments for the convention were under
taken and credentials were issued to del
egates and then the attention of the offi
cers was turned to social functions, which
was really the programmed detail of the
Mrs Sara D. Winans of Toledo,
a member of' the Andersonvilla Board and
one of the candidates for the position of
national president of the corps.
The hea« quarters of the two depart
ments adjoin each other on the first floor
cf the Palace Hotel, and for the occasion
lust evening the doors between the two
suites were thrown open in order that
both departments could share the enjoy
ment of the evening. The reception was
informal, Mre. Winans being escorted to
the rooms by a deputation of ladies from
the two States, which are vigorously advo
cating her candidacy. Mrs. Winans was
accorded an enthusiastic ovation and spent
nearly two hours meeting the various
numbers of the corps of different States,
There are three candidates for the posi
tion of national president of the Woman's
Relief Corps, Mrs. Winans' opponents
being Mrs. Carrie R. Sparklin of St.
Louis and Mrs. Fannie Minot of New
Hampshire.
The friends of Mrs. Winans. however,
claim they have her contest already won.
and it was hinted at the reception last
evening that the function was more in
recognition of her assured elevation to
the honored position than a pre-election
boom.
7 HE members of the Ohio and
Illinois departments of the Wom
an's Relief Corps united last
evening la giving a reception to
Brilliant Scenes at
Women's Head'
quarters.
At a few of the headauarters. mainly
those of California, some pretense to en
tertain the visitors was made in the way
of disbursing liquid refreshments or dis
tributing fruit, the latter being accepted
as a grand treat by the majority of the
veterans from other States.
At the headauarters of the "Woman's
Relief Corps and tnose of the Ladies of
the G. A. R. the scenes were In noticeable
contrast to those within the rooms of the
gray haired soldier. Among the women
there was more of the hospitality that
is natural to the feminine sex and more
of the flutter that usually marks a gath
ering of this sort. While they, like the
veterans, had their official duties to per
form they accomplished their work
promptly and when through turned their
attention to their guests and made the
afternoon one long "at home" to every
body.
Their rooms were thronged with visi
tors, and particularly was this the case
at the national headauarters of the W.
R. C. where hundreds called to pay their
respects to the much beloved president,
and frequently the visitor left a kind re
membrance In the shape of a bouquet— a
womanly token of gentleness. The floral
contributions and the festooned bunting.
with which the rooms are lavishly dec
orated, and the happy faces of beautiful
women who mingled there made the scene
at the headcuarters a most attractive
WOMEN ENTERTAIN.
The San Francisco public, exclusive of
the army element, was also part of the
human whirl around the veterans' head
quarters and experienced with the old
soldiers Its share of pleasant surprises
and serious disappointments In the search
for those who had not been seen for
many years. About the veterans the civil
ians would cather to overhear the ex
citing discussions of hard fought battles
and stories of the trials of the soldier
during the dark days of the Rebellion.
History was retold and retold as If the
events that made It were but the oc
currence of the previous day and some
times In so vivid a manner that the lis
tener could almost imagine that he could
smell the smoke as it passed off the field
of battle.
AH the headquarters kept open house
yesterday, hut with no particular pur
poses other than to afford an opportunity
for an exchange of information. BUI
Bane of Maine called on Texas to learn
something of hi3 old friend Abe Waters
and Smith of Oregon dropped Into the
Georgia cxuarters to find out if his rela
tive from the South was among the con
tingent of that far away State. As a
rule if the friends failed to meet some
satisfactory information was gleaned of
one or the other, and the visit netted
something in the way of gratification to
the curious caller. In every headquarters
there was a constant Jam until late in
the afternoon, when the gnawing vttals
of the tired veteran reminded him that
it was time to attend to the wants of. he
Inner man. •"*-.'
KEEP OPEN HOUSE.
to national history the name of many a
man whom old friends had expected to
meet a tain at the encampment in San
Francisco.
W^S XCUSE me, comrade; what regi-
M^ ment?"
J* "Fifty-fourth New York."
. "I'ni from the Forty-seventh."
"Been in Plattsburgr?" .
"Yep.". • ¦;•; .7^
Jlrmy Auxiliaries
Hold Evening
Receptions.
THEY GIVE
GREETINGS
TO GUESTS
Generosity of Californians Makes Deep
Impression Upon Jill the Visitors.
FRUITS AMD FLOWERS
ARE GIVEN TO VISITORS
VARIOUS HEADQUARTERS ARE CROWDED TO CAPACITY
THE SAN FBANGISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY; AUGUST 19. 1903.
5
ADVERTISEMENTS. -kf;
— — OOOD MW TTFXUOKT , • .
FOB 9147. . .
AND WE HAVE 50 OF THEM AB GOOD AS ANT YOU CAN BUY FOR $325 ELSE-
wfcer*. fully guaranteed for ten year*, with privilege of exchanging at any time within
one year for a Gabler, Krell, Steger. Heine or any other of our agencies you may wish to
exchange for.
These pianos were bought to help keep'one of the largest manufacturers in the United
States from going into the SherUTs hands on account of over produce, and these prices will
la*t while this let of pianos last. . , • '
Among our bargain* are: 1 Chiclcering. $185; 4 Emerson. $115 to $165; 2 Stelnway, $185
and $215; 3 Heine $ri5 to $395; 1 Conover, Wai., new, $285; 1 Behr Bros.. Mahg.. new, $295;
1 Mason & Hatr.lln. Wai . new, $325; 1 Krell. small size, Mahg.. new, $235; 1 Singer, slightly
usf-d $1C5; 3 piano players, slightly used. $90 to $265; 3 Mason & Hamlln organs, $25 to $45.
end 10 others from $12 up; 25 squares from $10 up and 100 other*. We have many second-
hand uprights from $50 up. ¦ ¦*"..». , . _ ._
Rente $2 up. allowed on purchase; installment* $4 up; piano players from $90 up. Cash
Ciseount on all purchases if paid for In two years. U you can't come in ring up Main 6744
and we will hold any piano for inspection. J VI ~ - ;
HEINE PIANO CO.. Heine Hall. 235-237 Geary st. On the square. Largest wholesale
end retail exclusive piano establishment on the Coast. -
Notice. — Next Week. — Some of the pianos in the R. R. wreck which were damaged to
the exterior cane only, the Southern Pacific Railroad paid one-half of the value of them.
Th"fe roods were put in perfect repair and are now without a scratch, the same as new
trom the factory'. You can get these instruments for Just one-half of their original value.
Thi» is » great opportunity for a real. bargain. Call and see them even if you are not ready
to buy.
' * -¦ ¦
ADVEBT1SEMEHT8.
AN ARTISTIC
..LjUHIIM
In Welcome to the Grand Old
Men of '6l-'65. ' •
The G. A. R. display in the window
of the Wiley B. Allen Co.. the well
known piano dealers. 931-933 Market
street, has proved one of the strongest
attractions^, on Market street for • the
past few daya.
There is always a large and enthu-
siastic crowd ' of visitors and residents
standing before this window, admiring
the singular beauty and heroic signifi-
cance of the display.
In the center stands a hero of '61
shaking hands with a hero of the Span-
ish-American war. Just behind them
is the typical figure of Columbia be-
stowing upon them both her blessings.
In each corner of the window stands a
soldier with gun in hand, ready for in-
stant service.
The display -Is well arranged - and
evinces the skill of the designer to ap-
preciate artistic values and at once ap-
peals to the patriotic sentiments ot the
American heart.
The Wiley B. Allen Co. deserve praise
for furnishing so appropriate a display
tending toward the enlargement of the
entertaining features of our city while
the G. A. R. veterans are in our midst.Continued Prom Page 1, Column 7.
into th« caboose of a freight train. "-^Two
hundred feet of track was torn up and
traffic delayed for several hours. " "
AUTHOR OP SPOONER ACT
AND SCENE ON PANAMA
ROUTE. ! * '
"I believe now, as I have for years, that
the Nicaragua canal Is better for all con
cerned, and especially for the shipping
interests of the United States."
Representative Hepburn, chairman of
the Interstate and Foreign Commerce
Committee, which considered all canal
legislation in the lower branch, expressed
himself more firmly than ever that the
duty of this country was to build the
Nicaragua canal. He said: '
to build the canal by the Nicaragua route.
I can't see any further necessity for ac
tion by our Congress. It put the matter
entirely in the hands of the President,
and there it stands. The President him
self must decide when time is up with
Colombia and when to open negotiations
with Nicaragua and »Costa Rica."
"I cannot . deny that I am thoroughly
disgusted, with the attitude of Colombia,"
8a4d Representative Grosvenor, In discus
sing the canal situation. "That country
does not know what is .good for it, and
its method in dealing with the United
States is altogether discreditable. We are
not called upon to keep on fooling with
Colombia. I should not be surprised lf
the State of Panama was already In the
beginning of a movement for secession.
There is no reason why we "could not
negotiate with Panama ! If It ever be
came an Independent State."
SANTA BARBARA. Aug. 15.— A deal has
been closed in this city for the erection
of a new theater to co6t $100,000 at the
corner of State and Mason streets. The
structure will be built by the Santa Bar
bara Improvement Company, In which
Ban Francisco capital is largely Inter
ested.
Santa Barbara to Have New Theater.
LOS ANGELES. Aug. 18.— The body of
an inmate of the Soldiers' Home at Santa
Monica, who was run down and killed
late last night by an electric car just
outside of Santa Monica, was Identified
to-day as that of William Reasner, aged
B0 years. He was walking on the track
and seemed unable to get out of the way
of the car. which- could not be stopped
in time. Reasner entered the Soldiers'
Home In 1S38. He was a veteran of the
Sixth Michigan Cavalry.
Veteran Is Killed by Electric Car.
WASHINGTON, Aug. 18.-Senator John
C. Spooner of Wisconsin, by whose name
the canal law Is known, and who was au-
SPOOETEH ACT /EXPLICIT.
COLON, Aug. IS.— The ttatement made
In a dispatch from Foreign Minister Rico
to Senor Herran, the Colombian Minister
at Washington, announcing the rejection
of the canal treaty, and which was pub
lished here to-day, to the effect that the
Colombian Congress may furnish a basis
for a resumption of negotiations with the
United States, has caused a more hopeful
feeling In some quarters with regard to
the ultimate fate of the treaty. The
whole country Is anxiously awaiting the
future action of the United States.
Colombia's Populace Anxious.
to the provisions of such bill without re
ferring the convention back to Congress
for ratification. The object of such a
measure would be to save the Panama
canal scheme from total failure. This bill
would serve to guide the administration
in the drafting of a treaty which the
President could assure the United States
would be acceptable to Colombia. There
need be no longer delay than the time
necessary to draft such a treaty."
"In what respect would such treaty dif
fer from the one Just rejected?"
"The difference would be in the provi
sions giving the United States control of
the canal territory. The whole objection
to the treaty In the Colombian Senate is
that It gives the United States absolute
and perpetual sovereignty over the canal
strip. The opponents of the treaty In
sist that Colombia should share with the
United States in the control of the ter
ritory through which the waterway will
be built."
HIGHLAND. Aug. 18.— This place was
visited to-day by a tornado that uprooted
trees, blew down barns and In other ways
fild considerable damage. At 12:30 o'clock
it began raining slightly, and a light
breeze sprang up from the southeast.
Oft to the south could be seen a large
black cloud that traveled rapidly across
the valley. As It approached, the breeze
increased In strength, soon becoming a
veritable cyclone. The storm seemed to
proceed only along a narrow strip, and
trees, bouses and fences along its path
were uprooted and blown down. The ex
tent cf the damage is not known, but It
Is considerable.
Lightning struck a big willow tree In
the yard cf J. M. Clapp at 1313 C street
end tore It asunder. The tree fell over
en a buggy belonging to Mrs. J. Downer
of Bloomington. smashing it into kindling
wood. »
Early in the storm the wind and elec
tricity played havoc with the wires of the
San Bernardino Traction Company.
Heavy limbs falling across the wires
broke them down for a ulsjance of five
miles.
A barn belonging to J. Moreno, on the
Katz tract north of the base line, was
Ftruck by lightning" during the storm and
totally destroyed by lire. It is not known
whether there was anything stored in tfie
barn. When the bolt struck the ground
the vicinity trembled as though struck
by a heavy weight. Instantly the flames
leaped from the barn and despite the ex
ertions of the owner they swept the
entire structure.
The telephone system throughout the
city is completely paralyzed and It will be
some time before the linemen can restore
the system to service.
The weather was ripe for such a storm.
All morning the temperature hovered
around the 110 mark, and the atmosphere
was close and eultry. The sun was over
cast with clouds at 12:03 and the storm
could be seen bearing rapidly down on the
city from the southeast.
The velocity of the wir:d was probably
sixty miles per hour. Telephone wlreis in
various parts of the city were swept to
the ground by the storm and it will be
morning before repairs are made.
For more than an hour the local tele
phone exchange was a veritable chamber
of fire. The first wave of atmospheric
electricity burned out all the fuses and
from then until the storm had ended balls
of fire played around the boards, making
it dangerous for the operators to ap
proach them. Miss Eva Johnson was the
first of the operators to receive a shock.
She fell forward In her chair and for a
short time was unable to articulate. Just
as her companions had succeeded in re
storing her, the lightning- began to play
with renewed vigor, and this, with the
excitement of seeing Miss Johnson's con
dition, proved too much fcr the over
wrought nerves of Miss Addie Birch, who
was seized with hysterics and heart fail
ure. She fell in' a swoon, from which she
did not recover for an hour.
SAN BERNARDINO. Aug. 18.— A ter
rific windstorm, accompanied by light
ning, heavy peals of thunder and a driv
ing rain, struck this city from the south
east ehorily after 1 o'clock this afternoon,
demolishing- barr.s and chimneys and up
rooting hundreds of shade and fruit trees
to the southeast of town.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Heavy Peals of Thunder Bend the Air
and- Add to the Terror of the
/ Residents of the
City.
Telephone and Trolley Wires
<3ro Down and Barns Are
Demolished.
Wind, Rain and Light
ning Play Havoc in
San Bernardino.
do not need any new interpretation now.
Preference was expressed by Congress
for the Panama route, provided this coun
try could conduct satisfactory negotia
tions with the Government of Colombia
for authority over the canal strip. If
these satisfactory negotiations. cannot be
completed within a reasonable time the
President is empowered to negotiate for
a canal, by the Nicaragua route." :
"What do you consider reasonable
time?" , , ':.'-.:
"That Is left entirely to the judgment
of the President. The bill makes him
executlve^bfllcer In the matter and he
alone must determine when a reasonable
time has expired." •
"Do you think the canal question can
be reopened in the Colombian Senate?"
"I am not sufficiently familiar with pro
cedure there to answer that question, but
if that congress finally adjourns without
ratifying the treaty the way is still open
Should the Colombian Gongress Adjourn Without Rescinding Its
Action the Washington Administration Must Proceed to
Negotiate With the Republics of Nicaragua and Costa Rica
TREES FALL
IN PATH OF
BIG STORM
SPOONER SAYS FURTHER LEGISLATION
ON CANAL QUESTION IS UNNECESSARY
WOODS MAY
RETURN TO
SAN RAFAEL
Says He Is Willing to
# Face the Charge of
Larceny.
Offers to Surrender at New
ark if Assured of Fair ,
Treatment..
Fugitive Fears That Authorities In
tend Forcing Him to Trial on
/ Charge- of Murdering
Colonel Best.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, Aug. 18.— Within the next
few days Dr. John D. Woods and wife,
who are being sought In connection with
the death of Colonel Best at San Rafael,
will surrender to the Prosecutor of Essex
County, New. Jersey, in Newark.- Dr."
Woods will make a condition that the In
dictment for larceny pending against him
In, San Rafael is not to be used as a sub
terfuge to get him to California and then
bring forth an Indictment for murder.
Woods Is willing to come out of hiding
and face the charge of larceny, which Is
based upon his alleged theft of Jeweiry,'
money and other, personal effects of the
late Colonel Best. He Is equally willing to
appear in answer to the murder charge,'
but declares he does not propose to be
taken en a minor charge and uien have to
face the latter without having' an oppor
tunity to fight against extradition on the
more serious charge. Assured of fair
treatment on thesa lines he declares he
will surrender, otherwise he will remain
in seclusion on Jersey coast.
At present Woods is between Long
Branch and Asbury Park and occasion
ally visits all the resorts, though most of
his time Is spent in the vicinity of North
Asbury Park.
During the last three days houses, car
riage houses and barns- have been
searched under .various pretexts by de
tectives. They failed to find him, though
at one time Saturday he enjoyed watching
their efforts to locate him. He was only
100 feet away.
Search for Woods was revived by the
discovery that Detective Sergeants Prank
Tulte and Joseph Wrlggins of Newark
were at Asbury Park Friday, Saturday,
Sunday and Monday. They were accom
panied by Frank D. Depue, a deputy
Sheriff from San Rafael, who had come
East with copies of the larceny indict
ment found in San Rafael against Woods
and warrants for his arrest. Depue is un
der Instructions to get Woods at what
ever cost.
Frank M. McDermlt of Newark is coun
sel for Woods in New Jersey. McDermlt
declined to tell the .whereabouts of the
couple.
Forest Fire Is Raging Near Elk.
SPOKANE. Wash.. Aug. 18.— A forest
fire la ragine near Elk, about twenty
tlve miles north of this city. It is re
ported that 1000 acres In a fine belt of
white pine and cedar has been burned
over and that unless rain falls the loss
will be heavy. A hundred men have been
fighting the fire since Sunday night, but
they are Dowerleas to control It. It is
estimated that from 12.000,000 to 15,000,000
feet of timber have been destroyed.
Neighboring ranches are also in danger. «
To Join Torpedo Flotilla.
"WASHINGTON. Aug. 18.— Lieutenant
Commander Lloyd H. Chandler, com
manding . the torpedo flotilla, has sailed
from Oyster Bay for Norfolk, where the
Decatur and Barry, which collided yes
terday, will be repaired.
THE SAK FRAlSrcieCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, AUGUST 19, 1903.
NEW YORK, Aug. 18.-Thleves have
entered the officers' clubhouse in- the
Brooklyn navy yard and stolen nearly all
the silverware. A committee of the club
is making an investigation. '
Thieves at Brooklyn Navy Yard.
SALT LAKE, Aug. 18.— A special to the
Tribune . from . Peterson, Utah, saya that
a rear-end collision occurred on the Union
Pacific near there to-day, injuring Louise
Mason of Omaha, Thomas Kennedy of
Kansas City and a flremap. The collision
was the result of a misunderstanding of
orders, the east bound fast mall crashing
Collision on Union Pacific.
Dally August 17th to 22d inclusive an extra
boat will le/ve San Francisco at 10:30 p. m. tor
EauBallto, San Rafael, Mill Valley and Inter
mediate points. Last boat leaves at 11:43
p.. m. v V.-- •
Extra Sausalito Boat.
OSHKOSH, Wls., Aug. IS.— Thomas R.
Morgan, president of the Morgan Com
pany, j sash, door and . blind manufactur
ers, and an alderman, was shot and kill
ed to-day by Fred Hampel. an employe.
The murderer; , after his arrest, commit
ted suicide in the jail by hanging him
self with his suspenders.
'« The' shooting was without provocation.
Three shots were fired from behind, and.
from the statements of witnesses. Ham
pel seemed to be frenzied with liquor.
Slayer of' Oshkosh Manufacturer
. Hangs Himself in
Prison.
DBINK-CBAZED MAN
MURDERS EMPLOYER
The police are satisfied that the boy
was murdered by a maniac and are
working along these lines.
ROCKFORD, 111., Aug. 18.— The murder
of the Detroit boy Is Identical in circum
stances with the murder of Richard Tib
betts, a 7-year-old newsboy, here last
month. The details correspond. so closely
that the authorities believe the murderer
was the same man, a lunatic . of the
"Jack the Ripper" type, and are now in
communication with the Detroit police
on the subject.
DETROIT, Mich., Aug. 18.— TiRT tnutll
ated body of 4-year-old Alphonse Wllmes,
whose father lives on St Aubln avenue,
was found to-day in the rear of the
Michigan Stove Works. The hands were
tied behind with wire and a red hand
kerchief had been stuffed down the boy's
throat for a gag. All of the wounds had
apparently been made with some very
sharp instrument. Alphonse had been
missing from his home since yesterday.
Perhaps the strangest phase of the
mystery Is that there were only a few
small stains of blood on the body and
clothing of the lad, despite the horrible
character of his wounds. It looks as
though the murderer, after committing
the deed, washed the blood from the
body and then carried It to the lot where
it was found.
At the council meeting to-night the
Board of County Officers was requested to
offer a reward of $5000 for the arrest and
conviction of the murderer. The Council
also voted to offer $500 additional reward.
A man giving the name of Charles Ed
wards, of Bangor, Maine,, and supposed to
be a tramp, is held at 'police headquar
ters on suspicion of knowing something
about the crime.
Maniac.
Detroit Pour- Year-Old
Is Victim of Fiendish
LOS AXGELE3. Aug. 18.— Despite the
fact that several suspects have been ar
rested, the mystery surrounding the mur
der of Eva Drouln, alias de £a
Graye, whose horribly mangled body was
found early this morning in a resort in
the red light district, is far from being
solved. The Coroner's Inquest to-day
threw no light upon the case, the Jury
rendering a verdict that the woman came
to her death at the hand3 of a person or
persons unknown. -
In the person of a negro named Pen
nlngton or Pendleton the detectives think
they have under arrest a man who, if he
did not commit the murder, participated
in the crime. Pennlngton was arrested
this afternoon upon a general description
furnlshbd by the women who saw a man
running from the scene of the murder a
few minutes before the body was found.
The capture was apparently a fortunate
one, for on the clothing which the negro
is known to have worn last night several
Urge spots of blood were found and he
cannot account for their 'presence. He
was put through a "sweating" process by
the officers and is said to have made some
damaging admissions, which the detec
tives refuse to give out ilor the reason
that through them they hope to find still
further evidence of his guilt and If too
much publicity is given the case this evi
dence could be destroyed.
It is known that the negro was In the
vicinity of the scene of the murder last
night and about the time It was discov
ered he was seen hurrying away. As to
the other suspects, of whom there are
four under arrest, the police have not
nearly so strong a circumstantial case.
No formal charge of murder will be
lodged against any of the prisoners until
more positive evidence Is secured against
Uiem.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Circumstances Point to
Him as Participant
in Murder.
FIND THE BODY
OF MISSING BOY
thor of ' the compromise canal measure
now In force, was asked during his brief
visit in Washington to-day for an opinion
on the present canal situation.
"The terms of the canal law," said
Senator Epooner, "are very explicit and
NEGRO SUSPECT
HELD BY POLICE
6
OCEAN TRAVEL.
® Steamer* It*v» Sin Fraa-
ciico a« follows: ¦ - . -
For Ketchlkan, Juneau.
Haines, gkazwajr. etc., Alas*
ka— 11 a. m.. Ausust *. 9,
14. 19. 24. 29. Sept. X
Change 10 company's >t«am-
«rs at Seattle.
For Victoria. Vancouvtr.
Port Townsend. Seattla, Ta-
eoma, Everett, Whatcom — 11 a. m.. Aujruat 4.
9. 14. 19. 24. 29. Sept. 8. Chan?* at S«itt!-»
to thts company's steamers for Alaska aa.t O.
N. Ry. ; at Seattle far Tacom* V> N. P. Hy. ;
at Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
Tor Eureka (Humboldt Bay) — Pomona. l:3O
p. m.. August 2. ». 14. 20, 23. Sept. 1: Caro&a.
1:30 p. m.. August B. 11. 17. 23. 2&, Sept. 4.
For Los Angeles (via Port Los Anirele* as4
Redocdo). San Diego and East* Barbara—
Santa Rosa, Sundays. 9 a. nv "•.",,.
State of California, Thursday*. » a. m.
For Los Angeles (Tta Saa Pedro and East
San Pedro). Santa Barbara. Santa Crus. Mon-
terey. San Simeon. Cayucos,- Port Harfon*
(San Luis Oblspo). Ventura and Kuen«m*. -
Coos Bar. » a. m.. August 5. 13. 21. 33.
Sept. «.
Bonita. 9 a. m.. Aug. XT. 23. Sept. 2.
For Ensenada. Magdalena Bay. 8an Jo«» del
Cabo, Mazatlan. Altata, La Pax, Santa Ro-
salia. Guaymas (ilex.). 10 a. m.. Tta of «ac&
month.
For further Information obtain (older.
Right Is reserved to change steamers or catl-
ing dates.
TICKET OmOZS— 4 New Montgom-
ery street (Palace Hotel). 10 Market street aad.
Broadway wharf.
Freight office. 10 Market street.
C. D. DirSAHS. General Passenger Agent.
10 Market it.. San Fraaetseok
O. K. <& N.CO.^
"Columbia" sails Aur. 21. 31. "Q«org« >r.
Elder" calls Aug. 16, 26. Only steamship Un«
to PORTLAND. OR., and short rail line from
Portland to all points Bast. Through tickets
to all points, all rail or steamship and rail, at
LOWEST RATE3. Steamer tickets 'include
berth and steals. " Steamer sails foot of Spear
st. at 11 a. m. S. F. BOOTH. Oen. Agt. Pass.
D«Ft.. 1 Montgomery St.: C. CLIFFORD. Gen.
Agt. Frt. Dept.. 3 Montgomery st.
TOYO KISEN KAISHA,
(ORIENTAL STEAMSHIP CO.)
Steamers win Ieav« wharf, corner Flrrt an!
1 Brannan streets, at 1 p. m.. for YOKOHAMA
and HONGKONO. calling at Kobe (Hlcro).
Nagasaki and Shanghai, and connecting at
Hongkong with steamers for India. e:o. N'j
cargo received on board en day of sailing.
S. S AMERICA MARU .--.
Wednesday. Auirust t*. 1903
9. S. HONGKONO MARL" (calling «t Ma-
nJla) Saturday. September 1!>. 1903
S. S. NIPPON MARU U"V"\V *,««.;
Thursday. Octot>er 13. IDTa
Via Honolulu. Rrmnd-trip Heists at reduced
rates. For freight and passe ge. apply at Com-
pany's office. 421 Market »tre«^ corner First.
W. H. A VERY. General Agent.
0CC8BICS.5.C0.
3 S. SIEKRA. for Honolulu. Samoa. _ Auck-
"land and Sydney. Thursday Au*. 27 • 2p.m.
S.S. ALAMEDA. for Honolulu. Ifept. 3. 11 a.m.
I S. • MAKIPOSA. for Tahiti. 6«pt. 20. U a. m.
tMFESXELii B0J.C3., «8&..TWsi5Sto,643 ftrt.13
r«C&Hfiu.32J EirtstlL.Rtf U. 7 a Pzd£cSt
COMPAONIE 8I5KLOB TKAKSATLANTiqUI.
DIRECT. LINE JO HAVRE-PARli .^g^
Salllne every Thursday Instead of {Qrfit^a
Saturday at 10 a. m.. from Pier 42. SSsfiSS
North River, foot of Morton street.
Fir«t-clas9 to Havre. $.0 and upward. Sec-
ond-cUss to Havre. J45 anj upward. GEN-
ERAL AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES AND
riv\D\ 32 Broadway (Hudson Building).
New York. J. F. FUGAZI & CO.. Paclflc Coast
Agents b Montgomery aver-.u*. San FrancUco.
Tickers Hold by all Railroad Ticket Agents.
Mar* Z«laaa and Vallsjo Sfamar*.
Steamer GEN. FRISBIE or MONTICELLO—
9-43 a. m.. 3:13 and 9:30 p. m.. except Sunday.
Sunday. »:*3 a. m.. S:3O p. m. Leava Vallejo.
1 a. m.. 12:30 noon. 8 p. m.. ex. Suaday. . Sua-
day T a. m . 4:13 P- m. Fare. BO cents. Tel.
Main 1308. P»er 2. MUsion-st. dock. HATCH
BROS. ,
WATCH FOR BREWSTER'S MILLIONS— NEXT SUNDAYS CALL-^A GREAT SERIAL STORY
DOAN'S KIDNEY FILLS.
53o^eo©©o©Go©©©oe©ooe3oeo©©(3o«oo©©^o©oe®oa©Oi
[Burden Too Great I
\ /*&©* Success in business is often han- <
* A man may have plenty of capi- J
I fff' tSv tal— plenty of energy — plenty of \
& I if- /^%S pluck — and still not succeed — \
I 1 1 %in?\§r Blirden is t0 ° s reat — \
\ 4?fe^r*^ Back can't carry it all— \
1 1 ame k ac k — or an aching back <
I lit is a terrible handicap — J <
1 \'\ I Drive away the ache and make {
> \\ I work a pleasure— <
|| \\ ¦ ¦ nnAws i
: I A KiniMFY pii 1 s 1
Z ft? ItBl/l iL. ¦ I Bfl—B— KJ ¦'" • {
I tj& : Make lame and aching backs <
> Cure kidney ills of every kind— Ask your neighbors — San J
I Francisco people — <
> They know— Doan's Kidney Pills have cured hundreds of J
» Here's San Francisco proof — *
! . I SAN FRANCISCO PROOF."} !
> Wni., Tinkler; exprescman for Gilbert Bros., residence 434% j
' Clementina street, says: "I have been laid-Up in the house for three <
I or four weeks at a time and have been afraid to go to bed, because J
? to turn caused excruciating twinges.: If I;stooped I suffered, and if I <
I .straightened- it was just as bad, all on account of an aching. back. iM
* had attacks of it for several- years; some of them so virulent that in ]
I ' my endeavor to find relief I actually rubbed the skin off my back *
> with liniments^. The last medicine I used was Doan's Kidney Pills, j
I That was six months ago. , I never felt better, in my life than during <
} .the time which has elapsed nor at the present moment. I owe this !
J condition to Doan's Kidney. Pills.". . . <
\ Doan's Kidney' Pills arc for sale at all Drug Stores, \
I ,.•'", EO cents a box. Fostep-MHburn Co., Buffalo. v !
>O®<5®9e©©©©O9OOOOOO®3>©OOOO©*«C3©©OO®OOO©«OOo'
. ADVERTISEMENTS.
Think it Over
If you are having your suits made to order outside
of our establishment you are paying more for them than
you need to.
• If "money is no object to you, all very well ; but if
you want to make your dollars count — if you want the
greatest possible clothing value for youc dollars — here is
$10 to $35
Our advantages in buying material, our improved
facilities and great volume of business enable us to sell
at lower prices than those asked by any other tailor on
this coast. And, furthermore, our merchandise can read-
ily back up our statement.
Gome in and see our fall patterns. You run no risk
"in ordering. If you are displeased you can have your
money back. I
Come in to-day — to-morrow never comes.
• ¦ ..' . ¦
Out-of-tozvn customers can secure a satisfactory fit
through our self-measuring system. Write for blank arid
samples.
740 Market Street and
Corner Po\yel! and Eddy Streets
ADVERTISEMENTS.
fsfocFRANCHES A SPECIALTY. |
g California, Oregon, Nevada, Arizona and Mexico stock ranches-^ H
m for their mere value .for- grazing— vast tracts suitable for' coloniza- H
(I tion. Valuable not for grazing, but for timber, agriculture R
H oil, minerals or town sites.. * fi
1 SANTA CLARA COUNTY BARGAINS. I
M 8oo acres highly improved. Full equipped dairy. 40 acres full H
a bearing orchard. Comfortable barns, dwelling, well watered, tim- y
W bered, fenced. $20,000. * P
H 350 acre:, four miles out. Rich, level land. Excellent dairy R
U ranch, improved. Price only $23,000. H
0 310 acres, Monterey road. Rich level land. $15,000. |
p New up-to-date residence, large lot, centrally located. Price 1
1 $7000. I
I CHAS. W. COE &C0. I
rj Real Estate, Cattle and Loans. |
|'j Residence telephone James 3481. Office telephone glack ion. |
A 45 WEST SAlxTA CLARA ST., SAN JOSE, CALIFORNIA. Jthem." Wa have followed the old methods,
patching up and mending here and there until
It seems almost impossible to conceive that
there is anything better. The non-concern of
the average business man has prevented him
from giving active thought to the subject, with
a determination to solve It. Time and experi
ence has demonstrated that the present sysem
Is wasteful and wholly void of beneficial re
sults. Our commercial Interests require that
every business man give support to the move
ment for durable roads by co-operating the
municipal and public interest, together with
the Boards of Trade. Chamber of Commerce,
manufacturing associations, transportation
and other business organizations with the agri
cultural and kindred Interests for the estab
lishment and maintenance of a comprehensive
system of public road improvement In their re
spective States and counties.
It has been argued with the persuasiveness
of a Paul that the National Government should
lend its aid to the construction of public high
ways. If the Government can expend vast
appropriations' for ¦<- the improvement of
rivers and harbors, lend its aid to build rail
roads which are - but another class of public
highways, if it can expend millions of dollars
in the Philippines and Porto Rico, and -the
moneys of the Cubans in the construction of
wagon roads, if it can deliver the mails, sig
nal the weather, modernize farming, foater
and encourage , manufacturing by tariffs, and
aid and promote trade and transportation in
diverse other ways, what substantial reason
is there for not giving aid to the building of
roads and highways, the most common and
useful of all Interests it can conserve? This
phase of the subject is worthy of your inves
tigation and if it has your approval you should
enlist the active support of your Senators and
Representatives from your respective States
for the principles of the Brownlow bill, which
will receive special consideration during the
next session of the National Congress.
IMMIGRATION PROBLEM.
Thomas Richardson took for his sub
ject, "Immigration and Its Distribution,"
speaking in part as follows:
The question of Immigration Into the United
States is i one which has gradually been be
coming more acute during the past decade,
and which will continue to augment In im
portance and significance as the time pro
gresses.
From the time when the pilgrims were
forced from their early abiding places by the
tyranny of Illiberal and often despotic oppres
sion, and landed upon the then inhospitable
shores of New England, the old world has
been contributing in an ever increasing ratio
to the population of this country. Day by day,
month by month, and year by year, the sail
ing ships and the steamers have been lnci eas
ing their accomodatlons and efficiency. In
transit to take care of the Incoming throngs
of men, women and children, seeking pros
perity and habitation In the new "Golconda."
and paving the way in turn for the movement
of their relatives, friends and acquaintances.
While, of course, a very large proportion of
the Immigration which has yearly been coming
into this country through the Atlantic and
Gulf ports has been of a benigh character, it
la unfortunately the fact that our possessions
have been made the "dumping ground" of
Europe. | and the transportation of. undesirable
adults and their progeny has been facilitated
by private and governmental aid, not. because
of a particular desire to assist in the upbuild
ing of American citizenship, but rather through
a desire to rid the countries and provinces of
the old world of a class which contributed
but to the evil and villainy of the countries
out of which they were sent. •
Fortunately, the United States with its mag
nificent domain and possibilities for amalga
mation has been but little hurt through tha
causes mentioned. Be the newcomer what he
may, his nativity, habits, speech and thought
are obliterated forever In the secoad and third
generation, and even the traditions of early
habitation are absorbed by the free atmosphere
of the new home, and thus in less than hUf
a century there Is generated a purely Ameri
can type from which has been removed the
ills and attributes which characterized the
immigrant himself when first landed upon
American soil. . .
DUMPING GROUND OF EUROPE.
I am sure no one can blame the oppressed
and poor of Europe for seeking harbor In this
country. Yet the fact that we are the "dump-
Ing ground" of Europe Is a fact that haa
reached such gigantic proportions as to de
mand, .without any further delay, the urgent
attention i of . the United States authorities in
order to prevent a possible contamination of
our social | structure, and to . prevent also the
passing of our municipal governments Into the
control of ; people whose ' Inherent desires have
been' fostered by conditions existing elsewhere
and which should have no place in this country
of- ours. . : .:, ; f '
In my opinion the Trans-Mlsslssippi Commer
cial Congress should adopt some resolution lay
ing stress upon . the necessity ; for a much more
acute restriction In the matter of foreign im
migration. ; While certain restrictions at pres
ent prevail, not 2 per "cent of the aliens for ad
mittance at various sea ¦ ports are returned to
their home : country because of t a failure to
come within the standard of the United State*
If You Need a Trunk,
Dress suit case, fiber Qr canvas telescope
grip, we can please you in both quality
and price. Leather Goods Department,
Sanborn, Vail & Co., 741 Market street. •
Steer Causes Fatal Train Wreck.
HORSE CREEK. Wyo.. Aug. 18.—Con
ductor M. J. Sullivan of a north-bound
Colorado and Southern freight train was
killed five miles north of Horse Creek
this morning and Brakeman Selbert was
badly injured. The train ran into a steer
and two cars were derailed.
A fleet of launches took the members
of the congress on an excursion along the
shores of Lake Washington this after
noon. .
— X
Consideration of the report of the com
mittee on the advisability of merging the
Trans-Mississippi Congress with the Na
tional Irrigation Congress was then tak
en up and discussed at some length.
I believe. the time is ripe when the United
States Government should be forced by its rep
resentatives into establishing a rigid investi
gation into the character and possessions of
every Immigrant who comes Into this country,
and unless thi« be done we can expect to wit
ness an accumulation ! of trouble and our great
centers of population the scene of turmoil and
strife. In which America and American will of
necessity be made to suffer.
Government. These standards are too low and
should be altered or amended so as to take into
consideration elements not now Included in the
custom-house examination.
There is almost universal agreement as to
the many advantages, and the need of good
roads — the serious problem is, "How to get
The public road is the most common of all
interests; it is promotlve of trade and com
merce, the adjuster of freight tariffs, the "al
ways on time," ready, open, way for all the
people. It leads to the church, the school, the
library, the town, the market, the mill, the
store, the place, of amusement, and the social
gathering. •. It places the farmer in touch with
the events of the world through the rural mall
delivery, with the dally paper, market reports,
latest periodicals and magazines containing the
best current thought of the hour. It equalizes
trade for the merchant and insures a steady
market for the farmer.
The question of building permanent high
ways is of the very. highest commercial Im
portance and demands the active attention of
all business men. The practice so long in use
of placing the burden of road making upon
the country j>eople is unjust and inequitable,
and will never secure improved roads. For
more than a century this system has been in
vogue, and to-day less - than one per cent of
the common road mileage Is macadamized or
surfaced, providing a durable road for all sea
sons of the year.
GOOD ROADS PROMOTE TRADE.
It is a matter of congratulation that this
congress haa given prominence to the subject
of the lmprovemenr of the public roads. The
question tlrst recognized by this body at Its
session in Salt Lake City in 1897, and at St.
Paul last year resolutions were adopted with
out discussion, recommending modern road
legislation tor the several States. It remained
for this session to give merited recognition to
this important question and assign a placer
upon its programme for presentation and. dis
cussion.
creatures who tax their energies to meet the
mere requirements and exigencies of partisan
politics, but for men of affairs who hold in
their hands the destinies of the greatest na
tion that ever rose and the fortunes of the
most commanding race of men and women the
history of this world has ever known.
When I consider the geographical position of
the United States with respect to Mexico, with
respect to the Pacific Coast states of Latin
America, with reference to the Pacific Coast
provinces of China, with their teeming millions
of population now dependent on Europe to pro
vide them with the necessities, and that Eu
rope, to gain the trade of the Orient, must
cross two oceans while the United States will
cross but one, I am convinced that the Great
Master of the Universe has designed the Amer
ican Republic to eventually become the, one
transcendent civilization- of the world.
At the afternoon session two important
addresses were made. W. R. Richardson,
secretary of- the' National Good Roads
Convention, spoke on "Good Roads."
His speech in part was as follows:
Gentlemen of the Congress: When Seattle
was selected as the place at which to convene
the Fourteenth Trans-Mlsslasippl Commercial
Congress there were not a f&w who shook their
heads and declared that Seattle, looking out
upon the far Pacific, was too distant from the
populous region of tha trans-Mlsslsslppl area
to command a large attendance. Delegates
from Louisiana and Texas who have respond
ed to the roll refute that prophecy. This is
significant In that it demonstrates that tha
Trans-Mississippi Congress has be
come a fixed entity among those great institu
tions that make for the progress of th« Ameri
can republic.
The roar of Dcwey*i guns at Manila was the
strident voice of evolution. Destiny directed
that voice, and when it spoke It declared anew
the doctrine of the survival of the fittest and
blazed the way for American supremacy over
the world. Since that portentous hour, with
the economies for the promotion . of which It
was organized disposed of In a large measure,
the mission of the Trans-Mirslssippl Commer
cial Congress is become to insist on opening up
the routes to the markets of the Orient and to
the Pacific Coast States of Latin America that
the surplus products of the country may find
profitable sale, for by no other policy Is it pos
sible to Insure and to maintain the prosperity
and the commercial supr«macy of the United
States.
Already the rmpid commercial growth of the
United Etatea ha* aroused a Jealousy and ap
prehension on the part of European powers
which all their infinite diplomacy cannot con
ceal. This Is gratifying to American pride, but
It likewise is & challenge: to American genius.
Whatever diplomatists may. tell you/ we stand
sJone without an ally in thin Titanic, struggle
for ruprtrnaey among the giant nations -if the
world If w * w ' n we will win upon American
initiative and sustained industry. , If we fail
tre will fail through the decadence of American
eUteemanshlp. That ii not possible.
Behold how our commei«c» has grown and
multiplied by leaps and bounds. Tha excess
Thomas Richardson of New Orleans
then read the annual address of Presi
dent Kirby. It was in part as follows:
OUR COMMERCIAL GROWTH.
Following Governor McBride, Chairman
Gresham Introduced Mayor Thomas J.
Humes, who welcomed the delegates ' in
behalf of the city of Seattle.
SEATTLE, Wash., Aug. IS.— The
fourteenth annual session of the
Trans-Mississippi^ Commercial Con
gress, which Convened in this city
this morning, started out under
the most favorable auspices and promises
to be one of the most notable gatherings
in the history of the organization. The
attendance is unusually large, there be
ing delegates present from - every
State and Territory in the trans-Missis
sippi region, from Alaska and the Ha
; waiian Islands. Large delegations are
present from Oregon, Colorado, Texas
and Louisiana.
The sessions are being held in Leschi
Park Exposition hall on the shore of
I^ake Washington, some two miles from
the center of the city. Through the open
Bides of the building the delegates can
look out upon the beautifully kept park,
whose chores are washed by the magnifi
cent lake, which will one day become the
grandest fresh water naval reserve sta
tion in the world, and across it to the
heavy forests of Douglas firs and beyond
that to the snow-capped summits of the
Cascade range with Mount Rainier tow
ering above.
The delegates were rather slow in as
sembling and It was nearly 10 o'clock
when Donald G. Fletcher, chairman of
the local committee on arrangements,
called the assembly to order. Mr. Flet
cher stated that the president of the Con
gress, Hon. John H. Kirby of Houston,
Texas, had been called suddenly to New
York on important business and would
be unable to be present at the sessions
this year and that Judge C. J. Gavin,
chairman of the executive committee,
had been delayed in Portland on his way
here. He therefore introduced Hon. Wal
ter Gresham, former president of the
congress, as temporary presiding officer.
Mr. Gresham epoke briefly, referring to
his connection with the congress in pre
vious years and expressing his confidence
In the future usefulness of the organiza
tion. He then introduced Henry R. Mc-
Brlde of Washington, who, in behalf of
the State of Washington, delivered a
brief, address of welcome.
When the "West is developed to tha limit of
Its productive capacity and the ability of the
country to consume domestic products is over
reached, then what? This is a question for
statesmen to deal with — not for those puny
It has been said that the population of the
United States doubles every thirty years If
so. where thirty years from to-day will we
care for an added 75,000.000 of people? You
say we will put them in the mighty West and
your answer has in it the inspiring suggestion
of a splendid prophecy rushing on to fulfill
ment. And why not? It Is estimated that
the Government can reclaim 100,000.000 acres
of land from the arid and desert wastes of the
Weft, while in Texas alone, if it were as
densely populated as Massachusetts we could
take care of 80,000,000 of the earth's popula
tion.
DEVELOPMENT OF THE "WEST.
of our exports over Imports is greater than
that of all other . countries combined. And It
is the trade balance that determines commer
cial primacy. The total exports for the year
1BO2 amounted to the dizzy aggregate of JJ.
.y>6,000,CKX). As recently as 1870 the total ex
ports were but $376,000,000, or $60,000,000 less
than the agsre&ate imports for that year, and
yet, as gratifying as is the vast balancs be
tween exports and Imports, it is but small
when compared to that " which will obtain
when we shaJl take from Germany and Great
Britain the Import trade of the Pacific Coast
States of Latin America, our geographical her
itage, and crowd upon the Asiatic the
products of our flour and cotton mills and
looms and foundries and machine shops.
It is out of the ground that the wealth of
tha surviving nation must come. It is the
farm that supports the fabric society. The
silver and the gold' mine will pinch out, oil
sands cease to yield their treasure and lum
ber forests be devoured by hungry mills, but
the American farm will stand as long as ihe
earth shall endure.
FIFTY COLORADO PEOPLE
POISONED BY ICECREAM
Analysis by Health Officer Shows
That Embalming Fluid Was
Used as Preservative.
. COLORADO SPRINGS, Colo., Au^. 13.—
More than fifty persons, the majority of
whom are tourists, in this city and Manl
tou, have been poisoned by eating ice
cream made by local dealers from a con-
Bignment of. cream received on Sunday
morning from one of the largest cream
eries and dairies in the State situated
near Denver. Analysis by the health offi
cers of Colorado Springs reveals the fact
that the cream was charged with for
maldehyde, better known as embalming
fluid, to keep it from souring. No. deaths
have resulted, although several cases are
critical.
The name of the company supplying tha
cream has not been made public. Health
Officer Hanford of this city states that
arrests will be made at once. The case
promises to be sensational.
High Tax Hate Fixed in Los Angeles.
LOS ANGELES. Aue. 13.— The City
Council has fixed the tax rate for the)
current year at Jl 40. the highest rate ever
established in this city. The assessed val
uation of property is $109,000,000. an in
crease over last year of about 25 per cent.
PROMINENT OFFICIALS OF WASHINGTON WHO WELCOMED THE
DELEGATES ' TO THE TRANS-MISSISSIPPI COMMERCIAL CON
GRESS WHICH IS NOW IN SESSION IN THE CITY OF SEATTLE.
Delegates Are in Attendance From Every
State and Territory in Trans-Mississippi
Region and From Hawaii and Alaska
COMMERCIAL CONGRESS
CONVENES AT SEATTLE
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, AUGUST 19, 1903.
7
JNO. J. FULTON CO.
Veterans
Recovering
I' HE VISIT TO CALIFORNIA WILL
prove to many Veterans an Inspiration,
particularly those having Bright's Disease
or Diabetes, for it puts them in touch
•with the only cure for these diseases the
world has ever known. We invite Veter-
ans to step into any drug store or call
at our office, 409 Washington street, oppo-
site the Dostofflce. and get one of our
pamphlets. It will prove to you the
curability of these hitherto fatal diseases.
The cured aro in every ward in this city.
Cut here are two late reports from your
own people:
James Eagur writes from the National
Military Home, Fort Leavenworth, Kan-
sas: "I have taken sixteen bottles for Di-
abetes. It has cleared away the symp-
toms, including the dropsy. If I was so
situated that I could get Just the right
diet I believe I would get perfectly well
again."
Mrs. Norman Carr, the wife of a Veter-
an living at Union Springs, N. Y., writes
that she was so 111 with Diabetes that she
had not been out of doors for months,
and was not able for years to go upstairs!
was drinking nearly three gallons | of
water daily, and it was not thought she
could recover. Now after six months on
the 1 Compound she Is attending to her
dally duties and can walk a half mile at
a time without exhaustion. We invite
.Veterans to write, to either of the above.
We again announce to the world the
discovery In this city of the cure for
Bright's Disease and Diabetes evolved
during the experiment* made upon him-
self by Jno. J. Fulton in his memorable
and successful struggle against the rav-
ages of Bright's Disease. Fulton's Renal
Compound for Bright's Disease, $1; f or ;
Diabetes, $1.50. Jno. J. Fulton Co.; 409
Washington street, sole compounders.
Send for pamphlet •
¦ - — . • • ¦ -. -
_. . THE EMPORIUM. | THE EMPORIUM. | THE EMPORIUM. | THE EMPORIUM.
*>* c "'°"''' : ' t '°''"""*''"" og
l a. e. NeWeton's $5.00 *7v?* jG** • -¦ Recruit Cigars
Jf I Shoes for $3.95 The most popular
$ This week choice of any pair in our *wa£€~^^aMM^Vl>S4W>iJl = - o f all the zc cigars
J stock of this famous make of — " B^ m^ To-day and bal-
£ men's shoes: vici kid, box calf, --^^*» bb "amer I ca-s grandest store: ance 0 / the week
£ vclour calf, patent kid and tan £9 ««• Special Sale Goods ordered by mail *— £ *%B~>
$ caifs, either lace or Oxford ties %&&*&& or telephone will not be sent C O. D. BU iOV 1C&C
* Beautiful Fall Dresses 1 35c Oxfords 14c Yard
j£ Dozens New Arrivals by Express These Are Genuine "Anderson's"
I (tacoiuic Suits lor $u.9s is a first-class check chevbt m <£^ • Your, unreserved choice of a very large lot of the
| gg So|H^^^Si^| M}} real Anderson's Scotch Oxfords, double fold, in a
* bet; compare them with any $18.00 suit you have OT*/A\ splendid variety of styles and colorings, values rang-
5 seen and you will be astonished that Qf£ Z*mSb>^ • 'ing from 35c per yard upwards; to-day and balance
j: our introductory price is only . . $>§*&m&<2> of week, if quantity lasts, at the very special tiM**
J One ol the Suits tor $17.50 is made of a very fine! Scotch T'L \\ \ |\ price per yard m m V%M
af mixture in the style shown in the picture. The I t \. \ ]l\ * *
S I ra|#) Sale. Shirts and Neckwear
| defined by a neat patent leather belt; $22.50 would I ||Pf^ / TWO Great Purchases Of Men's Goods
* b=C h h " P ed SUltS ' WhiCh Sf 7 50 h¥l \\ * lS0 $2 - 00 Shir *- Th = 0VCr P !us Potion cf one of America's
K we nave price . nff m%J%# I I I most noted shirt makers, who caters only to the very finest trade; material
at One 0! the SvitS tor $20.00 that promises to be a very choicest Scotch Madras and real French Percales; small figures and striped
3 popular style is made of an attractive mannish material . ti8Bjj$& ~ effects in great variety; stiff or soft boaoms; all sizes; to-day and -7 £%
Si in a mixed blue, gray and black effect, having an $^M I balance of week M%jC
g even length, full nine-gore unlined flare skirt. The . Jp* 1 50c, 75c and $1.00 Neckwear— The balance *of another' maker'i stock; bcaati-
» coat is a collarlcss blouse frock, neatly strapped MM \ lul materials in nice Fall colorings; both dark and medium effects; four-
V and piped, and the entire costume is carefully M/ \ -in-hands and tecks; to-day and balance of week « fl
J» made and well tailored. You wou'd not think // \ Each Jbm^jC
* $25.00 or $5 0.00 too much, (gfpg'ti g%gh j \ '
s bu.wchVvcm,rkcd.h^oni^€f-€#t#,^; \ New Fall MUlineiy
I Other New Gowns up to $70.00. _ Bofh Tr[mmea and Walklng Hais
Jl New Fall Coats $13.50— Very stylish 30-inch Covert Cloth Coats, 17-seam, Tailor and Rcady-to-Wcar Hats— In the new correct ihapet and Fail ma-
V corset shape and corset fitting, nicely lined and perfectly fS* if 4 Z3 Kf% teriaIs $2.OO to S5.OO oach
JI tailored; a good $16.50 value for . . . . ... ... %fr mdfmi&U Trimmed Dress Hats— In the very imartest new Fall designs; the eariiett ihowing
*L New Short Skirts $5.00— Fine medium weight cheviots in light, medium or of the correct makei for the coming »eaion . . . . $4.85 to $25.00 cash
dark shades of gray, neatly strapped and stitched, worth gfrf"" (f%f% Dainty Poke Bonnet— Of Zlbeline trimmed with velvet and wings; a mot
5 6.CO; here for ............ ... . %p*&m%JI9Jt attractive early 'Fall ityle $6*95
I Ladies' Fall Neck- Small Priced Notions Toilet Article Cuts
jf lffl#A£>f* Alcohol Lamps for hezrng curling irons SOO 25c size Roger Gal et Toilet Soap . . 20c
E . il Dr ' HolItm>s Shoulder Braces, all sizes, pair SOO 2 5 C ''" P«ker'i Tar Soap /5 O
x Just In by Express _ Foster Hose Supporter soc^$uso 15C *« m»,«-. w..* h«i too
tf Satin and Moire Combination Stocks— With Biihop tabs, n . . ,. . e . ... , , «_ 25c tae Dr. Lambsrt'i Skin Soap 3 for 40o
X trimmed with fancy Etching and silk button,; _ Pectineum Combs for holdmg stray locks 2BO a5C ,: rc Lvon ., Tooth Powder t BO
*: colors white, black or blue; each . . .... . 2OC Byron Pants and Drawers Supporters 2BO 25c size Colgate's Tooth Powder 20O
X Fancy Silk and Chffon Stocks and Jabots- In entrely new p jn Cushion and Spool Holders, good one 25O $ 1. 00 Lambert's Listerine S5O
» lace and Persian effects .... $3m5O m **** **. _ in r .. ,. ,. . . ¦ . , . . • « . » . www
S3 OO $2 5O St 75 and $1*25 Dress Shields, lightweight nainsookj pair . .... . fOo 15c s:ze Pray s Emery Boirds .15c
* LibertySilk'stoles'and 'cape effects-Edged with nbbon; Cabinet Hair Pins asorted si«, 80 25c size Pray's Ccsnaetlc Ro-aline %So
*" black only ¦ $6.5O to $10.00 Handy Mending Tissues, package . . So 25c sire Pray's NVJ Powder fSO
Mt Russian and Point Venise Lace Stoles and Collars . . . . . 60-inch Tape Measure, 2 for I. . . .;. . ffc Ji. 00 size Dr. Charles* Fesh Food COD
J» $3.0O, $4. 5O to S8.5O Whalebone Casing, per piece ffO 75c size 47 11 Violet, Rck or L lac Water 500
» : . California Souvenirs Merode Underwear, 50c Groceries and Liquors
I P Z:^r'f °^° St PriC 2%l Ladies ' "Merode," real combed Egyptian Cotton Special To-Day and Thursday
J. Califonva Poppy and Poimettia Writing Tablet*, 4oz . \2Bo Vests, Pants and Equestrian Tights, perfect in fit Port or Sherry — Good 5-year-old wme, gal. SBo
$ Caiiform, Poppy . n d potattiaEnvdop^pkg... ¦ . ZOo : and:, wearing qualities; finished by hand, medium Kentvcky B««c Bovrbon Whisker— Ml V> . SSo
1 : ..^ -wellh, high neck, long- or shcfleeves, French oltS ' «"
% b " d I"*"- "5»«' ri " n ' i 8""- M " k "« « Fmit Syrups -Raspberry, Stra W be"rr 7 o,G,?°.
j! Hand-painted Orangi Wcod Penwipers ISc ankle length, cream white, per garment . . 50o dine, purest fruit juices, bottle ... . . 38o
$ Hand-painted Orange Wood Match Safes or Paper Cutters 25c C-,,,^ o- / ,^ w^/p ,'„ ,„/,/,/ Ginger A!e— Imperial, best domestic, doz 7So
»t % Souvenir Aluminum View Collapsing Cups 25c '- - . ~*™ e S armcnts l1t W00L yjC Pure Lucca Oil-Crcsse & B.ackwell\ <}t. bottle . . 62o
» Hand-carved Mexican Pocket Book i $1,QO Ladies' Imported Swiss Ribbed Underwear Tomato Catsup— Snider's or Heinz's, pints, regularly ace,
2 Hand-carved Mexican Cigar C»s:s $1.5O —FuU Merino Vests; colors white, pink, sky blue and black. {oT IBo
H Genuine Indian Bead Necklaces, heavy . . . . . $2. SO T^^ „„•, „« .1^.^. "7c=~*,\ Nabisco /Wafers — Champagnes, Ramonas or Athenas,
£ Indian Baskets and Curios -Most complete and Low nck « no deeTCS ' J*® " * tin./. 2*i
£. interesting collection ever shown in San Francisco, Hgh neck, short sleeves, S1.OO each. Cut Macaroni— White or yellow, 5 lbs. 2So
j^ at department store prices. High neck, long ileeves, $1,25 each. Sardines — Large fish, very finest, tin 23O
j||j§ Do You Need a || %
mm Dresser? jg
IrSSJi^ r«rr cts.ru e To get ore "^*1i5
? frr almost half. Kj
I $20.09 for $!0.75 |L
' O-«rter-saTrpd oak Prrsser. Krrnch
I pis?* 1 rr.:nrr. ft\-f inwit; beauti-
I I~l'.y carved; this v.-e--k only
$10.75
1 Ijh us wtirrate on farnirtiing your |
| house ccrnp'.et*. Everything from
: j&rlcr tc kitchen. i
T. BRILLIANT
i FURMTLRE CO., 333-342 POST i
BEX'R.S I
Famous the V/orld fl
Over—Fully Matured. J
Sold EVtrptohert. 1
HILHt.'il .MKK'JA.VTILK CO.. H
Pacific Coast Agent*. Ij
§fim, Vigor, Vitality for Men.
MOKMON BISHOPS PXLL8
have be*n in use over fifty
years ty the leader* of th»
Mermen Church and their
foilower*. Positively cur* ths
worst cases in old and young
eriElr.g from effects of »elf-
riearette snicking. Cure Liost
Mar.fcood. Impotencjr. Uo»t
pc»er. Nlcht Ixwses. Inborn-
r.:a. Piiai In Eack. Evil Desires. Lame Back.
Nervcus Debi:::y. Headache. Unfltnest to Mar-
•y Lots ef Semen. CS dT\ VartcoceW or Con-
*'t!pauc=- etc P * >r ZJ %J voui Twitching oi
Ey*!ids. Eflects are -»— ...j.^linmedlate. Impar:
Msror end potency **' i ™ <s *to every function,
fen't get despondent, a cure lg at haad. R+.
ttore fnu>'.!, undeveloped organs. Sttmclat*
the brain ar.d nerve center*: SOc a box; « for
t2 M by mall. A written guarantee to cur« o»
rconey refunded with 6 bcrea. Circular* fre«.
A<Jdre« BIPHOP REMEDY CO.. 40 Ellis «C.
fan Francisco. Cal. GRANT DRUG CO.. SI
• :->d 40 Third tU
A visit DR. JORDAN'S great
pUSEUH OF BKATOHY*
j. The I-ar^est A.utomic&I Museum in the \
•V _ i rm, V.otid. '¦¦ <-_»:. (r-»e» or arjr eontnetrd A
' Si? EjS ""*•-«»¦» *»»»*»«'»-«J' r»rcd ttj throldeit T
O fKjgl ipec^ii-.tioo sheCctst. tit- 36 years. Q
#:• Afj!£?& CR. JORDAN-DISEASES OF MEN A
•"f£>j5jjj Corviltauon fret and strictly priTate. \
1/ I jUff H Treatment personify or bjr ietter. A A
V fi y 1* if /iwitire Curt m e»ery case undertaken. T
< - ", \a "<•¦<•?¦ p.. run, omipbv «r h
V * {[ !|V H4ltSlACE. MAILED FREE. ( A f
0 DB JURPAXACO.lKl Market St.. S. F. Y
Jfgfr Those sufferine from weak-
yP^* nesses which sap the pleasures
" B " of life fbould take.Tuven Pills.
in One bottle will tell a story of
marvelous results. This medicine has more
rejuvenating-, vitalizing- force than he* ever
b»rn offered. Sent by mail in plain package
only on receipt of this adv. and SL
Made by its originators C. I. Hood Co.. pro-
prietors Hood's Sars&parilla, LoweiL Ma? a,
4tf£gjK OHE ai IDCTC
/3£ggv D«TTLE UUKLO
fa. McBURNEY'S
P-.7 KIDNEY** Jt!! 0 "
For Bright'B disease, brick dnt'
fiepotlta bed-wetiJr.p, gravel, dropsy, diabete:
r r.d rhrtjnaatisra. Send 2o cent* in 2c. Btaraps tr
W. T. McBuraey, 418 S. Ppring st.. Los Angeles
Cci.forSdeystreatm't. Prepaid |L50. I>rug£isL.
§Jy FAVORITE
M FOR WEAK WOMEN.
DDTTOLII7O for barbers, ba-
irtwer», bookbinders, candy-makere, caaner*,
hers, ficnr mills, foundries, laundries, pape^
tangera, printers, paJnters. cboe factories
tablemen, tar- roof er«. tanners, tailors, etc
SUCEAGA17 BROS.,
Brasli SCaauf acturers, C03 Sacruneato St.
sjggs^&iB MENANDWOME*.
<<V£J3o£rHE!^5iiil C«eBi«Gforunnatnr»l
ASBtIm 1 U i £ay»A-§ di<charcei,ioflaiumatioDi,
nSSlf Ovsrsatmd 19 irritation! or ulcrrallom
tuSm cos to iirietor*. of in n CO as rutmbranei.
!> rmtwu imimIm. Painless, and sot a«trin-
Ef mCHEKCtlCO. eent or poitonons.
' v -i«-3\ CIlClKKiTl.B.raSa S«I<* *>T Drnrrlata,
>f33J\ C.B.A. 3r*tl or • eot in P'** n w r»Pr # *.
JtJtJfSA^ *7 expre«i. rrer*'d, for
tl-OO. or 3 bottles J2.75.
n Circular Met on w.uert.
OB D 19 ff^ Tie&r. chairs. Stoves, etc.
fi tt f-3 Hi Tern* for rent and for aale.
F*i JffiiSfy Cons. Ilifles. Fishing Tackle
fed EBB I arid Sport lep Goots. Send
iftt BBI for Catalogue. Bhreve &
B 6 B M « » Barber Co.. 739 Market *t.
and S21 Kearny «t.
Weak Men and Women
C iiOt'LD USE DAMIANA BITTERS THK
«-> Oreat Mexlcaa Remedy: t^vea health and
r,rth 10 *exu»l nrg»n». Depot. 323 Market.
DIRECTORY
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
I atalogue and Price Lists Mailed
en Application.
78E8B JLC D SA^T MEATS.
US PflVPQ £ C(\ Ebipplar Butcnera. 10«
hZ. &UIC3 tt VJ. ci»r. T«l. Main 12M-
OIZ.S.
-VERICATINQ OILS. LEONARD * ELLIS.
*ib FroKt «l S. F. Phon» Main 1718.
rSJMTUiQ.
- U aUJUUCJ, . » U £*a»om« aU. S. F.
I Grand Opera Opens 1
Ii The grand opera season opens this month. You will 1
|| want to be properly attired. We have full dress suits at 1
|i various prices and likewise make them to order. However, we j
H want to call your particular attention to the opera crush hat J
fl which we sell for 1 1
II It is made of fine best quality silk. The shape is the 1
fl latest, as the picture shows. All other stores about town are Is
II charging $8 for a hat like ours. Better come in and see them. I]
¦ We guarantee every hat. w
I sft Woopsro I
1 740 Market Street fl
ADVERTISEMENTS.
f__ MILWAUKEE.
¦
flea
: IfiSL' Watch for the
{* *^*S triangular, label on
§Pf¥g the bo'ttle. It
KmIb stands for uni-
JtiW« formity and all
'/§lath\ that's good and
pure in beer.
Always tht same good old Blatz.
YAL BLATZ BREWMCO., MILWAUKEE
Braunsctiweiger & Co,, me.
5 and 7DRUMMST.,San Francisco,
_ Tel.' 16*6. WhoJ««U» Pwtleri. .-San Francisco" has given another proof of her ex
traordinary patronage of plug uglies. - -The • heavy
weight fighters have given their, exhibition, .we % have
given them more' than $62^000 to see it, ticket scalpers
have feathered their nests, everybody is happy and
the promoters are_ scheming to arrange another,."con
test 11 ;; for the delectation; of the absurdly indulgent
people of the. city. . . I
A laundry trus t has been organized in this city
and all the leading purveyors to cleanliness liave been
united in the combination. We may soon expect
therefore to hear of the king of the washboard and to
be as familiar with his autocracy as we are with that of
the steel king, the cotton king, the wheat king and
all the other varieties of royalty bred by the marvel
ot'-.commercialism oi^e United .States. . , A
It would be interesting to know who felt more
chagrined, Admiral Casey br~ the guardians of \ the
Puget Sound forts, when in a dense fog the gallant
fighting sailor slipped past the fortifications and won a
bloodless victory in the sham game of war! Admiral
Casey certainly, must have been jgrieved to discover
how helpless our- defenses are. when- put to, the test.
When they are absurd playing at war what would they
be in actual conflict? :/.- ,
A man in this city who sees shadowy and savage
shapes before him and trembles in {ear that the con
victs escaped from Folsom are seeking to murder
him has been arraigned on a questioh of his sanity.
If his fear of these desperate men, who have become
ubiquitous in our imaginations, be the only cause of
his trial there are thousands more in San Francisco
and in every other populous center in the State whose
sanity may be questioned with equal justice.
WHAT is admitted and discussed by the
Southern people and press as to their prison
system may be referred to in the North
without offense to the section involved. In most of
the Southern States all convicts, male and. female,
are leased to contractors, to work on plantations,
in coal and iron mines and phosphate pits.
The State of Mississippi is the only one in the
group that has an enlightened, humane and prop
erly punitive prison system. - It was achieved there
after the conscience of the State was aroused by the
John Howard Prison Reform Association, and the
question was carried into politics. There is a prison
shop for the manufacture of agricultural implements,
and a convict farm of several thousand acres. The
prisoners are disciplined without cruelty and the es
tablishment pays a profit to the State.
-Too much cannot be said in praise of the-Missis
sippi plan, and it may be studied usefully by peholb-
SOTJTHERN PRISONS
The Pennsylvania millionaire who spent $2000 for
a special train to carry him to the Corbett-Jerrries
fight in this city is a striking illustration of the fact
that there is at least one person in the world who
either doesn't care for money or doesn't know what it
means. Either or both ideas are dangerous to possess.
It is always the unexpected that happens, even in
Kentucky. After a series of delays, threats of assassi
nation, the calling out of State troops and a general
public upheaval, two desperate murderers were actually
convicted in a court of justice. After this astounding
violation of all precedent we are forced to give up^in
despair. We may as well reconcile ourselves to any
thing from Kentucky when she will thus sacrifice one
of her most deeply rooted principles.
"What interest can such a people have in prophecies
of calamity and creeds of discontent? We are for
prosperity and the deep-seated determination of our
people is to foster and further it. Whoever expects to
make headway with a gospel of lamentation in the
South will find that he is estrayed from his proper
pasture, if there be any proper pasture left in this
country for such an ass."
.That is pointedly rough on Mr. Bryan and the other
calamity criers in the wilderness. It is -a high com
pliment to the common sense of the South that even
its party organs admit the facts. What may be said
of prosperity in that section is equally true of every
part of the country and of every occupation of the
people. The broad and shining path of prosperity is
one of the roads that lead to Roosevelt.
THE editor of the Manufacturers' Record, Balti
more, has gathered comprehensive statistics of
the financial and industrial progress of the
South since 1897. He gives his statistics and their
in great detail, so as to leave no doubt of
their validity and reliability. The increased values of
visible property are taken from the official assessment
rolls. Between 1900 and 190.2 the gain, so shown, in
the values of realty and personalty in the South
was $460,000,000. or $230,000,000 per year, as against
£79.000.000 per annum for the preceding ten years.
There can be no great gain in the value of realty
and personalty unless there is great prosperity and
profit in the wealth-producing occupations, nor un
less the prosperity and profits are generally enjoyed
;:nd distributed with fair equality, share and share
alike, to those who have been the instruments of
their production. These official figures from the
South seem to make it necessary to revise the premise
of the calamity criers, who seek to induce political
action by insisting that the evident prosperity of the
country is beneficial to only a few, while the masses
are in peonage, and sow and reap for others and not
for themselves.
The statistics continue and include this year's crop
of the South. Cotton and cottonseed will bring to
the Southern planters, at plantation prices, during the
next twelve months S6oo.ooo,ooo, and the other agri
cultural products will add to this $900,000,000. The
value of the manufactured products of the South is
put at equality with the value of agricultural products,
which means that in one year three billions is added
lo the wealth of that section.
It is evident that the South has completely re
covered from the paralysis of the Civil War and is
now enjoying a greater and more general prosperity
than at any time in her history. She has reached this
high condition under a Republican administration
tnd under the fiscal and industrial policies of the Re
publican party. Without saying that her financial
felicity is due to those policies, it is admitted that
under them it exists, and no one undertakes to say
that it could have been greater under any other poli
cies, party or administration.
Discontent gets no hearing in the South. Mr. Wil
liam Randolph Hearst, in his paper, has repeatedly
said to his readers: "Remember, it is your first and
constant duty to make eveo'body discontented."
That declaration will injure his Presidential candi
dacy in the South.
The Atlanta Constitution, the greatest of Southern
Democratic papers, publishing and commenting on
the statistics of the prosperity of the Southern people,
SOUTHERN PROSPERITY.
WEDNESDAY AUGUST 19. I9°3 j
JOHN D. SFRECKELS, gSHgon j
l<trtz* Ail Ccrr.munlcat'.cns to IV. S. LEAKE.
TELEPHONE. i
/.tk for THE CALL. The Operator Wiii Connect
You With the Department You Wish.
riHLICATIO* OFFICE... market iinil Third. 9. F.
t.nrxoniAl. ROOMS 217 to U21 Sterenson St.
Delivered by Carriers, 20 Cts. Per Week, 73 Ct^.
Per Month. Single Copies 5 Cents.
T*nn» by Mmll. Irclcdirie Portare (Cash "With Or<!#rV
DAJLT CALL tlncludiRK Fan<!a7>. on* ye»r f<.O«
-AILV CALL rtecludlnr Gaaflay). « montbi 4.W»
DAILT CALL— By £lc*U, Month 7."W»
•INDAT CAT,L. On« T*ar 9AO
WEEK.LT CALL, Oct T>ar l-°°
f DaMy... <W.«O Per Tear Extr*
rCTCIGTJ fOETAGE { Eunfiay.. 4.1C P« Tear Extra
I Weekly.. l.OO Per Tear Extra
AM PftitmnMrr* nrr nnthorlned to receive
«al>*criptton».
f«r=r> ecplea »I11 be forwarded when requested.
Uell «ibecr!t*r» In orf»r!n* chants cf tueCrtma ehould b«
t«rM™iar to irtve both NEW AND OLT> ADDRESS In or<J»r
to icevre a prompt and correct compliance with their request
OAKLAND OFFICK.
HIS Broidnar-*..' Telephone Slain 1OS3
nnUKELEY OFFICK;
SI 48 Ceatrr Street Tcleiihnnc Xorth 77
*. GEORGIA KBOCXESS. Mannerr Forelsrti AJtv*r
t!«lnjr. Marqnette Ilnlltltnir. Chlrnjro.
'Lcce Distance Telephone "Ceitrai 2619.")
WASHINGTON CORRESPONDENT:
1IOKTOX E. CUAXE 140O G Street, X. VT.
KEW TORK REPRESENTATIVE:
+ TEPHEX II. S9IIT11 3O Tribune Building
KETP TORK CORRESPONDENT:
C. C. CARLTOX Herald Square
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
Fh»rman Hou**: P- O. News Co.: Great Ncrthprn H?tel.
Tr*:aant Boum; AufiJtcrium Hotel; Palmer House.
NEW TORK NEWS rTANDS:
Wa'dcrf-Artoria Hotel; A. Brentano. 31 Union Square;
Ut:rray Hill Hotel; Fifth-aver.ue Hotel and Hoffman House.
IRA\OI OFFICES— E27 Mor.tjrotnery. corner cf Clay. op*:i •
cctll *:S0 o* clock. 300 Hayes, open until 8:33 o'clock. 833
McAllirt^r. open until 8:30 o'clock. CIS Larkin. open until
C SO -o'clock. 1941 Mission, open until 10 o'clock. 22S1
Karkct. corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock. 10SC Vi.
*ocla. cpen until 9 o'clock. 106 Eleventh, open until 9
e'rlock. NW. corner Twenty-tecond and Kentucky, open
ertti •> «--^|r>rV 2200 J-tllracrc. epen until 9 p. in. j
— — — «^i^£S£2?-^o> ]
DISTRICT ATTORNEY FOLK' of St Louis
has yielded to the great American temptation
and taken to the lecture platform. He has,
however, more in the way of excuse than the average
lecturer, for he has done something that interests all
intelligent Americans and has acquired an experience
which enables him to make his lectures as instructive
as they are interesting. Every community 'in the
United States recognizes thc^ value of the work done
by Mr. Folk in prosecuting the corrupt officials in
Missouri, and each is eager- to learn how a similar
purification can be wrought out at home. What Mr.
Folk has to say therefore is felt as a matter of local
concern wherever he speaks and his audiences are
drawn together by something more than that intel
lectual curiosity which generally impels men to listen
to any noted man or woman who comes to lecture to
them. "
What Mr. Folk has had to say in the lectures he
has delivered is in the main the repetition of a story
told by the press at the time when it was developing
in the law courts of Missouri. It is a story of how
a combine got control of the city government of St.
Louis and of the State government of Missouri apd
ran them for all there was in them. As one of the
reports of his lecture puts it, he told "how one fran
chise was sold for $250,000, twenty-three of the twenty
eight members of the Municipal Assembly taking at
least $3000 each, while seven received from $10,000 to
$17,500 for their votes. One member of the £ouncil
held out for $25,000, then for $50,000, and finally voted
iivr the expectation of receiving $100,000. Seven
Councilmen at one time were secretly on salaries of
$5000 a year to promote certain corporate interests.
A lighting bill was bribed through for $47,50O. These
representatives of the people conspired to sell out
the municipal water works, worth $40,000,000, for
$15,000,000, in order to make $100,000 apiece in rake
off. Even the old Courthouse and the municipal
market were almost sold in. order to enrich the city
legislators, and the market was saved only by a coun
ter corruption fund of $20,000 which the marketmen
raised in order to satisfy the greed of these miscreants
in power."
Of the men who were engaged in the corrupt deals
Mr. Folk says: "Some of these representatives are
fugitives from justice in foreign countries, others have
turned State's evidence, the remainder have faced
juries, and eighteen of these givers or takers of
bribes have received sentences ranging from two years
to seven years in the penitentiary."
So far the showing made for the law is excellent,
but unfortunately Mr. Folk had to tell his audience of
another feature of the situation which is by no means
so pleasant to' reflect upon. He toldjthem that de
spite all the revelations of corruption and fraud, de
spite\all the proofs furnished in court, despite the con
victions, there remains in St. Louis a powerful body
of men who are yet supporting the brike-takers and
the bribe-givers. They are denouncing all the prose
cutions and all the revelations as nothing more than
slanders on Missouri or slanders on St. Louis. That
body of men remains powerful and well organized. It
has a considerable public sentiment behind it^and it is
easy to see that as soon as the storm blows over the
corrupt syndicate will renew its efforts to control the
city and enrich its members by the spoliation of the
taxpayers.
It is thus made once more evident that the source
of political corruption is not to be found in municipal
councils, nor in State legislatures, but in the evil
elements of the community itself. Until there is some
way of getting rid of the bribe-givers and bribe in
stigators • the. prosecution of the bribe-takers will
hardly work anything more than temporary relief.
Mr. Folkhas done" his duty well, but to keep St.
Louis free from boodlers will require the constant
succession in office of men as able, as fearless and as
honest as himself.
MUNICIPAL CORRUPTION.
Midnight attacks have become so alarmingly fre
quent in this" city that if they continue it may be ad
visable to include them among the social events of
San Francisco. The police should exert themselves,
capture- one of the knights of the road and hold him
for exhibition as a curiosity. •
ROME; Aug. IS.— A most important dis
covery was made to-day during excava
tions In the Roman Forum, consisting of
the base of the celebrated "equestrian
statue of the Roman Emperor. Domitlan.
which is of the greatest interest In de
termining the topography of the Forum
during the first century of tbe empire.
The base stands five feet below the pres
ent level of the Forum. 'It Is forty feet
long' twenty feet ; wide and more than ten
feet'hish. On the top are three blocks of
stone, showing where the feet of- the
horse stood. The fourth block is lack
ing indicating that the right forefoot of
the horse was raised. The distance be
tween the blocks Is so great that it i*
calculated that the statue was six times
life size.
FBENCH WARSHIP'S TURRET
IS GIVEN A SEVERE TEST
TJsed as Target for Live Shells, <th«
Steel Tower Proves Im
pregnable.
BREST, France. Aug. IS.— An interest
ing experiment of firing a live shell at
one of the turrets of the warship Suffren/
with the objects -of ascertaining the ef
fects on the mechanism of-the turret and
guns therein, was carried' out to-day.
Three trial shots were fired by a turret-
Bhlp at targets erected on the Suffren.
Then a fourth shell was fired at" the tur
ret of the Suffren. The shell struck- the
turret, which appeared to stand the teat
well. -
INDIA'S IBBIGATION
r-BOABD ISSUES REPORT
Proposes to Spend $150,000,000 on
Protective Works and to Aid
Private Enterprises.
SIMLA, India, Aug. 18.— The Irrigation
Commission has issued its report. It pro
poses to lay out $130,000,000 In twenty
years on protective works and also $2,000.
000 annually in loans for private irrigation
works, the necessary funds to be raised
by loans and the interest thereon to be'
charged to the famine grant. The key
note of the policy advocated is th* vigor
ous use of the national resources of the
country and its resisting power In the
battles with famine. -~
Fast Bun Across Atlantic.
NEW YORK. Aug. IS.— The North Ger
man steamer Kaiser Wilhelm II arrived
to-day from Bremen, Southampton and
Cherbourg, after a fast run of 5 days 15
hours 10 minutes over the short course
of 3052 miles, at an average speed of 22.53
knots an hour. The best previous west
ern record of the Kaiser was made in
May last, and was 3 days 21 hours IS min
utes. * : :•;¦;' -
Falsa Beport of Quay's Death.
PITTSBURG, Aug. 13.— Senator M. S.
Quay axrKed in Plttsburg to-day on his
way to his home at Beaver from South
ampton, L. I. Early to-day a sensational
report was circulated that the Senator had
died suddenly on the train while en route
to this city. It is not known how the re
port started, as Mr. Quay was in his
usual health!
Penal Servitude for Skipper
ST. JOHNS. N. F.. Aug. 13.— Capt^n
Frank Wollard of the schooner . Hefcn
Whitten of Gloucester. Mass.,,^whdse
trial on the charge of shooting 'ind killing
one of his crew, named Patrick Yettman.
was concluded yesterday, when he was
found guilty of manslaughter., war* sen
tenced' to sixteen years' penal servitude.
Offers Prize for Sugar Beets.
OGDEN, Utah. Aug. 13.— H. C. Have
meyer of New York, on behalf of the
American Sugar Refining Company, ha3
offered a cup valued at $300 for the best
exhibit of sugar beets raised In the arid
or semi-arid regions to be shown before
the National Irrigation Congress at Og
den next month.
LINCOLN, Neb. Aug. IS.— The Re
publican State convention to-day
nominated the following ticket:
Associate Justice of Supreme
Court— John B. Barnes of Madison
County.
Regents of the State University— Charles
S. Allen of Lancaster and W. C. Whit
more of Douelas.
The unexpected feature of the conven
tion was the adoption by a unanimous
vote of a resolution declaring John !••
Webster 1 of Omaha, one of the delegates
to the convention and one of the well
known party leaders of the State, to be
the choice of the Nebraska Republicans
for Vice President in 1S04. The resolu
tion was offered just after the conven
tion was about to adjourn and was re
ceived with enthusiasm.
"A portion of the platform relating to
national issues is as follows:
We congratulate not only ourselves,
the people at large, that the administrations
of our national affairs and our negotiations
with foreign nations are* being conducted by
the courageous Republican President who
knows no fear, who courts no favor, but who
loves peace crowned with honor and in whose
charge we have a feeling of perfect safety and
security — a President whom the American peo
ple now desire to honor with a second term as
the chief magistrate of the greatest and grand
est nation of the earth- — Theodore Roosevelt.
We adhere to the American protective pol
icy of the Republican part*, which has In
creased the revenues and not Impeded trade;
which has opened the doors of mills and tucto
rles to millions of American skilled mechanics
and is returning to them , the higher wages
which are the just recompense of their toil.
The Kepublican party recognizes that legit
imate business fairly ¦ capitalized and honestly
conducted has increased our industries at homo
and expanded our trade abroad and enabled us
to successfully compete with foreign countries
in the markets of the world, but the Repub
lican party is unalterably opposed to all com
binations ,of capital under whatever name* hav
ing for their purpose the stifling of competition
and arbitrarily controlling . production or fix
ing prices.
The Philippines are ours as the legitimate
and crowning, result of honorable warfare, and
we hold them for, barter or sale, but as a
part of- the national domain made sacred to
us by the American blood which has been shed
to plant and maintain the Stars and Stripes
upon the far-off isles of the Pacific Ocean. .
Is sometimes almost as difficult as nam
ing the baby. You find the task an easy
one if you bring your pictures to us and
try the moldings and mats here. We have
so many varieties of moldings an'd such
exquisite ones that a satisfactory selec
tion is quickly made. Sanborn, Vail &
Co., 741 Market street. •
Framing the Picture
An exceptionally pretty wedding was
that of Miss Camilla C. Lund and Burt
Lincoln Davis, which was solemnized last
evening at the home of the bride's moth
er, Mrs. Marie Lund, 1329 Fell street. Dr.
E. Nelander officlated.The invited guests
were limited to forty-five relatives of the
bride and groom.
-The decorations were unusually dainty
and artistic. Ropes of smilax were car
ried from the pink trimmed chandeliers
in various directions. The doorways were
outlined with stalks of pink amaryllis,
which also concealed the mantels,
together with sweet peas and ferns tied
with" pink silk ribbons. The bay window
was converted into a bower of foliage and
pink ribbon. Ropes of smilax in various
lengths extended from the celling, form
ing a dainty background for the wedding
Party. / .
The bridal gown was exceedingly pret
ty. It was white crepe de chine over
white taffeta and trimmed with masses
of chiffon and appliqued in pearled lace.
The bride wore the regulation tulle veil
and carried a shower bouquet of lilies of
the valley. Miss Bessie Rowell acted as
maid of honor and was attired in a white
silk crepe de Paris over white taffeta and
trimmed with handsome cream lace and
chiffon. She carried a shower bouquet of
bridesmaid rose.«=. The bridesmaids. Miss
Mollie Seibel and Miss Evelyn Huff, were
dressed alike in gowns of pink chiffon
over taffetf^ of the same color, and also
carried shower bouquets of bridesmaid
roses.
, Dr. J. W. Likens was best man and the
ushers were Dr. Frank Topping and M.
Lindsay.
The bride's mother was attired in black
crepe de chine with garniture of white
chiffon and lace.
Mrs. Ernest Johanson, j the bride's sis
ter, wore light green silk with cream lace
applique. / - '¦¦
Many pretty and useful presents were
received by the young couple. After an
elaborate supper Mr. and Mrs. Davis left
for their honeymoon, which they will
spend in the north. They will reside in
San Francisco, as the groom is in the in
surance business, having charge of
the firm of Davis & Son since the death
of his father, J. B. F. Davis, i
Miss Helen Wagner has returned from
Del Monte.
A jolly house party was given on Mount
Tamalpais last Saturday and Sunday by
Mr. and Mrs. J. R. Hanify. Those present
were Mr. and Mrs: J. R. Hanify, Mr. and
Mrs. George E. Bates, Mr. and Mrs. F.
T. Cooper, Mrs. Hattie Woodbury,
Mr. and Mrs. George A. Storey,
Mrs. I. S. Lewis, Mrs. Jaynes, Miss
Wightman, H. A. Russell, W. B. Storey,
Miss Lela Lindley of Sacramento.
Rev. Dr. Clampett, rector of Trinity
Church, has returned with his'wife from
a three months' trip to Australia. Rev.
Clifton Macon will now proceed to Trin
ity Church, Oakland.
Mrs. L. L. Baker and iamily have re
turned from San Rafael.
Miss Carolai^ is in the Santa Cruz
Mountains at present.
Captain William R. Smedberg has re
turned to his post at Fort Grant, Ariz.,
after a brief visit to his friends in San
Francisco. . *
• • •
Mr. and Mrs. Edmund. Baker (nee Kitt
redge) have returned from a trip to Port
land.
Mr. and Mrs. W. G. Irwin have returned
from Del Monte, j
Mr. and Mrs. William S. Wood gave a
dinner for Judge and Mrs. M. M. Estee a
few days ago. Among the guests were
Mr. and Mrs. John P. Young, Mr. and
Mrs. Charles Dcering, Judge and Mrs.
McFarland and Baldwin Wood.
Captain T. M. Anderson, who has been
visiting his father, General T. M. Ander
son, at the Soldiers' Home, Dayton, Ohio,
returned to his post at the Presidio yes
terday.
• * •
Mr. and Mrs. Charles G. Nagle and Miss
Clara Nagle left for the East Tuesday,
the 18th inst., and will be absent a few
months. They intend to visit Chicago,
Now York and Niagara Falls, returning
via New Orleans. They will also spend
some time in Kentucky.
Mr. and Mrs. E. L, Heller are at Lake
Tahoe.
PERSONAL MENTION.
A. S. Shepard, M. D., of Cripple Creek
is at the California.
O. E. Williams, a hotel proprietor of
Ukiah, Is at the Grand.
Julius Paul Smith, a vineyardist of Uv
ermore, is at the Palace.
J. M. Roberts, a rancher of Potter Val
ley, is a guest at the Grand.
L. R. Fancher, a rancher of Merced, is
among the arrivals at the Grand.
E. B. Corbin, a well-known resident of
Sebastopol, is registered at the Grand.
W. H. Hattra, a well-known attorney of
Modesto, is among the arrivals at the
Lick.
E. B. Yerington. connected with the
Virginia and Truckee Railroad, Is at the
Palace.
( B. S. Hirsch, a merchant of Ukiah, is
here on a 'short business trip and has
made hia headquarters at the Lick.
F. Golden, a jeweler of Carson City,
who has- several mining claims in the
TonOpah mining district, is at thft Lick.
John J. Murphy, Assessor of the city
of Boston and president of the Boylston
School Association there, is visiting the
city and is the guest of his cousin, John
J. Coughlin, 2406 Larkin street.
Californians in New York.
NEW YORK, Aug. 18.— From San Fran
cisco—Mrs. L. Bicknell, at the Cosmopoli
tan; B. Jcppey and wife, at the Welling
ton; E. B. Johnstone, at the Murray Hill;
S. McNeill. at the Grenoble; J. J. O'Neill,
at the Cosmopolitan; Dr. E. K. Johnstone
and wife, at the Victoria; W. B. Waldron,
at the Park Avenue.
Just what will happen as the next curiosity of lynch
ing no one can foresee. The fad grows on what it
feeds upon. But one longs for Graham and his bread,
Thompson and his cayenne squirt gun, Miller and his
end of the world and the other good old fads of our
grandfathers.
The Sk^neateles community in New ,York under
took to live on philosophy and the beatitudes. Horace
Grecley hurried off to a Socialist community in Penn
sylvania. The Shakers established themselves at New
Lebanon as followers of celibacy and "Mother Ann."
Jemima Wilkinson appeared at Penn Yan, N.^.Y.,
as a female incarnation of the Messiah and tried to
walk on the water of Crooked Joseph Smith
and "the witnesses" promulgated the Book of Mor
mon. The Fox sisters began spiritual rapping and
made the world's hair rise with "the Rochester
knockings." All kinds of reforms, marvels, wonders
and curious things were afloat, and if the credulous
and superstitious did not see what they wanted, they
had only to ask for it. Then the Civil War came on
and in- the potency of its passion and its intense and
mighty call to the people all things else were burned
as by fire and no sound was heard but that of the
great trumpet that called the sons of the republic
to exertion and fidelity unto death.
Since then another generation has arisen and an
other is coming with manhood just thickening it*
neck. The old disposition to take up a fad is still
upon man. But unfortunately the fad now seeing to"
be lynching. Men and women are lynched, and what
is supposed to be justice is administered, al frseco,
while the dust gathers on the Judge's desk and in
the jury box of the criminal courts, for their place
is usurped and their function assumed by the mob.
The savagery of the fad is progressive. At first the
victims were hanged. Then soon it was the rule to
riddle their dead and pendent bodies with bullets.
Then they were shot full of lead as they were strung
up. Next a mob of artists in lynching, having shot
and hanged a man, cut. his body down and burned
it. 3*he next step was a short one, and was taken,
we believe, in Texas, where the victim was caught,
condemned, pinioned and burned alive, tied to a stake.
Observers believed that this marked the high tide
of the fad and that the horror of it would have a
repellent effect and that the horror of it would r |a*£ .a.
decline and disappear. But they were mistaken. The
horror of the stake became a fascination. It seemed
to fittingly express the spirit of revenge roused by the
vile nature of the crime which it expiated, and in sev
eral instances it has been used to punish offenses-, of
less enormity.
This horrible fad is not confined to any section.
In all divisions of the States it is rampant. The South
has furnished the greatest number of cases, but they
do not differ in kind from those that- have occurred
in Kansas, Colorado, Wyoming, Indiana, Illinois and
other States. In the dispatches of one day recently a
rope was being knotted for a negro woman, in South
Carolina, who beheaded her children and burned their
bodies, negroes being the intended avengers. A Mis
souri Sheriff was standing off a mob that desired to
lynch a loafer for shooting an officer. A Delaware
mob was in hot pursuit of a negro to burn him for
shooting a constable. Minnesota lynchers were in
pursuit of a wretch guilty of an unspeakable crime,
and the same cause moved another party in Ohio.
But the oddest of all that day's doings appeared in
Georgia. A penitentiary Warden was the threatened ¦
victim. Among his prisoners is a white woman, a
Miss Crist, known as "the Diamond Queen," born
of a good family, and believed to be insane. The
Warden's name is Alagood, and he ordered Miss
Crist, though a delicate woman, to work as a fieldhand
with 'the negro prisoners, incited thereto by his wife. ;
Now Mrs. Alagood's methods seem to belie her name,
since they were a la bad. When Miss Crist protested
against assignment to field work Mrs. Alagood or- .
dered her husband to have her whipped. Thereupon
the frail white woman was taken to the' torture-room,
tied up and given forty lashes on the bare back by
the Warden. The thongs cut to the ribs and left
gashes in her breast No male prisoner had ever re
ceived more than ten lashes, but the Warden's wife
is thorough in what she undertakes." At once Georgia
was on fire and immediately it was proposed to lynch
the Warden. He made Adam's excuse that his wife
ordered it, and the Governor proceeded to investi
gate. But the Alagoods don't show themselves in
public and the masks and the rope are ready if the
Warden is caught. .
Thompson appeared with his new school of medi
cine and squirted a stream of "No. Six" and lobelia
into his followers. Preissnitz promulgated his Graf
fenberg water cure, and his followers were legion, be
lieving that a tub and wet bandage would enable men
to rearh the age of Methusaleh with all the virtues of
Melchizedek. The Socialist theories of Fourier fitted
into the tendency of the time, and Charles A. Dana
and others retired to whittle out a new world and a
new heaven at Brook Farm.
THE American people, or a portion of them, are
given to fads. Between 1836 and the outbreak
- of the Civil War there was a procession of fads.
The Millerites gave away their property,* "made long
white nightshirts, put them on and took to the hills
and housetops lo get a good start heavenward when
the end of the world came. Graham got dyspepsia
and lived on bran bread, and immediately Graham
bread was accepted by the faddjsts as a panacea for all
ills, and a dietetic reform began and went to such
extremes that eating anything threatened to be un
fashionable.
NEBRASKANS
START BOOM
FOR WEBSTER
EXCEPTIONALLY
PRETTY WEDDING
CHARMS SOCIETY
EXCAVATION
OF STATUE IN
ROMAN FORUM
gists and by the officials of other States. But out
side of Mississippi,, even in such progressive States
as Georgia, -the- system is" execrable. The leased
convicts are put in charge of overseers, by compari
son with whom the worst picture of the old slave
driver, ever "conjured by the heated imagination of the
abolitionists ; was a ] beatitude. Prisoners are under
fed, underclad, overflogged, chained together at night
and overworked by day.
Literature has made the world familiar with the
woes of the • galley-slave in European countries,
where a sentence to the galleys is a sentence to
death. But the condition of the leased convict in the
South is more, woeful "and wretched. It is an in
ducement to- increase the list of felonies, transferring
thereto what elsewhere are misdemeanors only, and
to lengthen the sentence, in order to satisfy the greed
of contractors by increasing the number of involun
tary laborers. There is no attempt to apply the prin- j
ciples of prison reform. Moral growth is left out of
the question entirely, and good and bad alike. are
subjected to a system that has no equal of its hor
rors since the middle ages. Good men and women of
the South are having their humanity quickened by
the awful spectacle, and soon some disciple of JoHn
Howard will sound the trumpet of reform. The
horror in Georgia*" where a white woman was flayed
by the whip may be the beginning of better things.
'lHd LTNCHltfG FAD.
THE FAN FRAKCISGO CALL. WEDNESDAY, AUGUST 19, 1903.
NEBRASKA REPUBLICAN WHO
IS BEING "BOOMED" FOR
VICE PRESIDENT.
8
Special information supplied dally to
business houses and public man by th »
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 230 Cali-
fornia street. Telephone Main 1042. •
Townsend's California glace fruits and
candies, 50c a pound. In artistic fire-
etched boiea. A nice present for Eastern
friends. 715 Market St.. above Call bldg. •
Look out for 81 Fourth (front of barber,
grocer): best eyeglasses, specs. Be to 60c. •
New Novels of This
Money-Mad World
THE world is money mad. That statement looks absolutely start-
ling in cold type, but when you realize that it is a sentiment em-
anatintr from the foremost political and financial economists of the
world it is time to begin to sit up and take notice. If you. doubt its
truth just take a casual dance at the popular literature of the hour.
You will invariably find that the theme is wealth, and more wealth, and
yet again more wealth— wealth in the spending even as much as wealth
in the making. Not the fairy tale lore of wealth of byjjone asres, but
modern wealth that has to do with empire building the destiny of na-
tions, the struggle for commercial dominance and aristocratic soda! su-
premacy of the men and women of the hour. yea. almost of the very
minute, so vast and so rapid is the rise and fall of the bureauocracy of
wealth. No more the tales of buried treasure of picturesque pirates or
lost mines and enchanted palaces stored with riches, but the trold that
glitters before our very eyes— rich, ytllow gold that we watch in the
making — gold that is accumulated while you wait by men we all know,
and spent with greater ease and facility by women who are Detter
known.
Of such a dozen books that everybody is reading risrht now mhtht
be mentioned at- random. To begin with there is "The Spenders."
which was concluded in last Sunday's Call, and which not only shows
the excitement of modern money making, but the more subtle art of
spending it. Then there is "The Octopus," Frank Norris' famous tale
of the building of vast wealth, and his, later book. "The Pit." which tells
of the awful struggle to corner that same vast wealth. Then there are
"The Autocrat." "The Thirteenth District," "Tainted Gold." "The Mis-
sissippi Bubble," etc.. etc. Indeed the list might be swelled indefinitely.
But of all these novels. none are quite like unto that very latest
creation, "Brewster's Millions." In point of fact "Brewster's Millions"
is absolutely unlike anything that has ever been written before, for in it
a perfectly adorable young fellow has to spend a million a year, ret his
money's worth and vet -have absolutely nothing to show for it at the
« .d of that time. in order that he may inherit six million more. Sounds
fascinating, doesn't it? Well, it is more than that.
Now you may. think it is the, easiest thinsr in the world to spend a
million. Never tried it, of course. But wait until you have read*
"Brewster's Millions." which begins in the next SundayCall. and you
will see what a stupendous task it is to spend a million a year— actually
spend it — not dissipate it or give it away or lose it in false speculation,
but get your money's worth as you would if -you had only a hundred in-
stead of a cool pillion. ' ,
But the popular craze of literature of the bright, snappy, uo-to-date
sort goes even further than this. Never before was there such a tre-
mendous demand for short stories of thr' best sort. And what belter
reading could you get? # A good <bort story is a complete novel in con-
densed form, and it is iust such . reading as this that, is pro-
vided in the Sunday Call's new "Half Hour Storiettes." of which, next
Sunday, you wiU get two full pases. Here are some of the titTes*
"Mysterious LeQfric." "In. the F T -»*h of Strined Death." "The Secret of
the Jamaica Sink Hole." j'The Beautifnl M«s3 Marrhm." "FaWes for
the Foolish," "Shorty Mahan's Passing." "Love's. Golden Tether"
-"While the Train: Waited.". ."WTin Tiny.Petrr Did." >tr.; etc •: B-st of
all there is. a new short story by A. Connn Dovte. • "The Shadow Be-
fore": "Millions in His Dreams." by M" rl " Twain: "Meow* of ¦* Kitty "
by Kate Thyson Marr: "The Ora-rle of Mulberry Center." by S E Kiser
etc.. etc.
; . . And besides all this there. u tH#» regular Sunday Mas?:»*in* section
giving you-the very, latest in evenrtbing that is going' on in the^world
to-day. The ' Sunday Call can't bV beat.
NEW ADVERTISEMENTS.
THE GIRL AND THE, BEE.
A Story of the Ignorance of a City
Girl.
>*The- city girl coming: down to break-
fast at the farm house and observing a
-plate. of. honey on the table said, "Oh; I
see you keep a bee."
That's about the way some "people talk
about the blight of baldness— Just as if
a - bald head was something: one sot . all
at v once ' Instead - of being the result • of
long depletion - by an - insidious germ
which thrives upon the roots of the hair
and succumbs to only one known remedy
— Newbro's Hernicide.
.. Newbro'a Herpicide in not a tonic. any more
than electricity Is a fluid. It Is an extermin-
ator, pure and simple.
• "Destroy the cause you remove the effect."
•; Sold by leading drunrtats. • Send 10c In
•tamps for sample to the Herpicide Co., De-
troit, Mich,"
CA3TORIA
For Infants and Children.
The Kind You Have Always Bought
Signature of C*^9ZV%^&3/As the hod-carrier goes up, so goes the
house. .' ' • \» .¦'. /
To fit your hand 4t is necessary to buy
where all grades of the best makes are
In Etock. The "Waterman." "Swan" and
"Marshall" fountain pens fill every want.
Prices J1.00 to $5.00 each. Sanborn Vail
& Co., 7O Market *¦ treet.
Fountain Pen News.
Holders of O. A. It. excursion tickets are
entitled ' on presentation thereof to the follow
ing; excursion rates via North Shore Railroad.
Tripe embrace views of bay and ocean beach,
Kiant redwoods, forests and the picturesque
Russian River: Camp Taylor. $1; Point Reyes,
$1; Cam? Meeker, Monte Rio Park, Mesa
Grande, $2; Duncans Mills or Cazadero, $2 60.
Train leaves San Francisco (Sausallto ferry) at
7:45 a. m., returns 6:40 p. m. . . . ,.f . .
California Scenic Trips.
Divorces were granted yesterday, to Ed
ward Knight from Rose Knight, Adna
Peters from Milton H. Peters and Ned C.
Brown from Florence Brown for. deser
tion. A «uit for divorce wai filed by
PearLlS. Mortey against Wlllana F* Mor
ley for desertion. -»
In the Divorce Court.
Among the notable features of the Ar
gonaut for August 24, 1903, are "The News
papers of Madrid," a highly interesting
article, by Jerome A. Hart; "Guileful
Peppajee Jim: How the Indian Won the
Red-top Boots," by Bertha Muzzy Bower,
a story showing great insight into Indian
character; "Cassius M. Clay's Stormy Ca
reer," an interesting article on the "Old
Ldon of Whitehall.' 1 as Watterson once
called him: an article by Geraldine Bon
ner, and a criticism of Henry. Miller and
Margaret Anglln in "The Devil's Disci
ple, by Josephine Hart Phelps. T •
Better Than Ever.
A. Ottingcr, H. R. Duffln and Charles
Conklln, ticket brokers, were served with
an Injunction yesterday restraining them
from selling, tickets issued .at special
rates and good during the Grand Army
Encampment. The Injunction was issued
by Judge Murasky on complaint of the
Southern Pacific, Union Pacific, Rio
Grande Western, and Denver "and Rio
Grande Railroad companies. (
Ticket Brokers Enjoined.
The Board of Trustees of the Exempt
Firemen's Belief appropriation of $5000
have organized by electing Henry D.
Hudson president and James O'Donnell
•r-crctary. The other trustees are J. J.
Mundwyler, David A- Finn and Jame*
Grady.
Will Distribute Relief Fund.
Gluseppi Tavelai Gange Garazziani and
Oscar Saarl, seamen of the British ship
Dumfriesshire, filed a libel yesterday in
the United States District Court to recov
er $358 alleged to be due them as unpaid
balance on wages at $19 60 per month.
Saarl shipped at Port Elizabeth, South
Africa, and his companions at Newcastle,
New South Wales. They allege that the
master, William M. Jones, and the first
mate, whose name they did not mention,
were constantly under the influence of
intoxicating liquor and amused them
selves by firing pistols over the heads' of
the Bailors. in order to Inspire them with
proper respect for the officers of the ship;
They also allege that they were ill fed
and beaten, by reason of .which treatment
they were,compelled to leave the ship on
its arrival at this port.
Jolly British Captain and If ate Ac
cused of Having Hurt Feel
ings of Crew. ¦
MANY BEVOLVEB SHOTS
MAKE SAILORS UNHAPPY
"When the subject of allowing Chief
Sullvan $1009 first came up about two
weeks ago," said Baehr, "it was stated
that the money could be paid out of the
Fire Commissioners' fund. I then and
there declared that no provision was
made ln the fund for the expense de
sired to be incurred and that I would not
sign the demand If it were drawn on that
fund. When asked out of what fund It
could be drawn I said that the only fund
which the Supervisors could draw on for
the purpose was the "Urgent Necessity
Fund.' Even then I am not quite sure
that the money could be legally paid out
of that fund, although it might be done
on the plea that no other fund is avail
able. I certainly will not audit the de
mand on the regular fund of the Fire
Department." /
According to the terms of the resolu
tion on the subject the money is made
payable out of the appropriation for the
Fire Department in this year's munici
pal budget.
Auditor Baehr said yesterday that he
would decline to audit the demand on the
fund named and expressed surprise that
the Board of Supervisors had taken.ac
tion especially after he had notified the
finance committee that he would not al
low the Fire Department fund to be
drawn on for the purpose.
Chief Engineer Sullivan of the Fire De
partment Is likely to experience" some
difficulty in cashing his demand for $1000
which was passed by the Board of Super
visors to defray his transportation ex
penses to the annual convention of the
International Association of Fire Engi
neers to be held in Atlantic City, New
Jersey, next month.
We will comply with your requettln regard
to tho concrete foundation on intersection of
»w Montgomery and Mission streets, although
believing from p**t experience It Is » wsrte
of money. In making the PropoelUon to put
ln a test pavement, we did B £j»?*^*i*' e
fuperterlty of th* pavement. From Informa
tion received from the Stockton Brick and
Pottery Company, the briclc will be shipped
to-day, and we will be ready Wednesday or
Thursday cf this week to do so and would be
pleased to have the stakes set at once.
Th© method named has been found by
the board to give best results) and It de
sire* to try the experiment under the
most favorable condition* for permanent
pavement. In reply to th© notification of
the boerd the company cent tha follow
ing letter:
The West Coast Construction and Im
provement Company notified the Board of
Public Works yesterday that it will pro
ceed Immediately to put ln a test pave
ment of vitrified brick on New Montgom
ery street, from Mission to Howard. The
cozaps&ny made application to tbo board, to
lay the pavement free of cost to the city.
In giving the necessary permit for the
work the board tpedfled that th« bricks
must be laid on a concrete foundation
six Inches deep and at euch elevation as
to permit the use of basalt blocks later
on ln case It should be desirable to re
place th© brick pavement with basalt.
A cushion of clear. coars« sand must be
placed between the bricks and the foun
dation end the Joints between the bricks
filled with asphaJtic cement.
New Pavement Is to Be
Laid on New Mont
gomery Street.
Board of Supervisors
Runs Foul of Au
ditor Baehr.
Aluminum is superior to any stone, for
sharpening cutlery.
VITRIFIED BRICK
WILL BE TESTED
DRAWS DEMAND
ON WRONG FUND
Ida Wilson was arrested early yester
day morning by Policeman G. K. Small
and booked at the City Prison on a charge
of grand larceny. She is accused of steal
ing a purse containing $5 from John Jor
gensen, a bartender at 405 Spear street,
while he was asleep in the Chicago lodg
ing house, 612 Howard* street.
Robbed While Asleep.
American Can Company, A. Aronson, G. D.
Boyd, Bass-Heuter Paint Company, P. H.
Bekeart, C. E. Bickford. BHbs & Faville, W.
K. Boardman Company, Bolton, De Ruyter &
Co.. Dovee-Toy Company, it. M. Bradford,
Columbia Marble Company, W. F. Garratt it
Co.. ¦ Gettleson & Rhine, Golden State Aspar
agus Company. A. T. Corbus, G. F. Eberhard
Company. Haslett Warehouse Company. F. C.
Havens. Hills Bros.. International Bank and
Trust Company. Jones-Paddock Company. H.
Kunz, J. Landers, Livingston & Co., Thomas
Magee & Sons, Newman Bros., D. M. Oslmrn
tc Co.. Paciflo Coast Casualty Company, Pa
cific Coast Rubber Company, Pacific Lumber
Company, Pacific Portland Cement Company,
Pascal, Dubedat & Co., T. F. Payne, Renters
Loan and Trust Company, Rlnaldrv- Bros. &
Co., F. S. Rowley, San Francisco Stevedoring
Company, Schulz. Niggle & Co., C. F. Sloane
Company, F. M. Smith, Spruance, Stanley &
Co., E. O. Lyons & Raas Company, Realty
Syndicate, Thomson Bridge Company, Troy
Laundry Machinery Company, Umbsen & Co.,
Union Oil Company, Western National Bank.
At the regular monthly meeting of the
Chamber of Commerce held yesterday
Walter E. ,Dean was selected as the or
ganization's representative on the com
mittee appointed y to receive the members
of the American Bankers' Association,
which convenes" In this city October 20.
Hugh Craig, A. L. Ehrman and J. C. Zel
lerbach were chosen as delegates to the
Trans-Misslsslppl Congress at Seattle.
The following named business men and
firms were elected to membership in the
chamber by unanimous vote of the direc
tors: , i
Board of Directors of the Chamber
of Commerce Holds Impor
tant Meeting.
MANY BUSINESS FIRMS
' ARE ELECTED MEMBERS
According to an amended cdtaplaint
filed yesterday in the action commenced
by E. Clemens Horst, a grain broker,
against the Howard "Warehouse Company
and Balfour-Guthrie Company, in which
It was charged that the defendants had
converted to their own use a large
amount of barley stored with them" by
the plaintiff, the last named company
is the owner of 65 per cent of the capital
stock of the Howard Company. It is
therefore asked that judgment be j ren
dered against the members of that firm
In proportion to their Interest in the How
ard Company.
The suit is to recover 56093 73, the value
of several thousand pounds of barley
which it is alleged was converted by the
defendants to their own use. Horst alleg
es ihat the defendants falsified their re
ports of the weight of 83,136 sacks of
barley held in store for him by them.
HORST AMENDS COMPLAINT
AGAINST WAREHOUSE FIRM
Broker Says Balfour-Guthrie Com
pany Owns More Than Half
of Its Capital Stock.
RESIDENTS OF MISSION
PROJECT ORGANIZATION
Citizens Peel That Their Section of
City Is Not Receiving Equal
Treatment. -
The first weekly meeting of the Mission
Park Club will be held to-day in Native
Sons' HaH, Seventeenth street, . between
Valencia ond Guerrero.
The aim is to further the interests of
the Mission district, which has been
greatly neglected ln the past. There are
12.000 voters in the Mission and the allow
ance made by the Supervisors is tbo
small. All Mission residents are Invited
to attend.
Expert to Discuss Seeds.
OAKLAND, Aug. 18.— John Valance of
this city, an expert on seeds, will read a
paper on "Seeds, Their Germination and
Peculiarities," at the meeting of the Oak
land branch of the California State Hor
ticultural Society, to be held ln the Board
of Trade rooms to-morrow evening. The
meeting will be open to lhe public.
OAKLAND, Aug. 18.— Fearing that he
would choke himself with his fist, the rel
atives of William Cowell, 27 years of age,
had him confined in the insane ward of
the Receiving Hospital. Cowell is suf
fering from suicidal mania and he has
made a number of attempts on his life.
Would Swallow Fist.
HOPE Idaho. Aur. 18. — Word has been re
ceived from Clarks Fork that JudRe Henry L.
BidwelfT on* of tne mO8t prominent men of
Central Idaho, was accidentally killed at that
place.
The exhibit of industrial products main
tained by the California State Board of
Trade in the Union ferry building, at
the foot of Market street, and the splen
did mineral collection maintained by the
State Mining Bureau in the same building
and on the same floor are drawing such
large crowds from among the visitors to
San Francisco that the attendants find
it practically impossible to give them that
Individual attention and information which
many of them seem to crave. In order
to better accommodate Eastern guests; as
well as home people, the management of
both the State Board of Trade and tho
Mining Bureau have agreed to keep their
exhibit rooms open evenings during the
remainder of the week from 7 until 10
o'clock. This will afford an opportunity
to the thousands who are otherwise en
gaged during the day and who cannot
spend the time or the means to travel
throughout the State to study resources,
to inspect the exhibits and to familiarize
themselves with the quality and variety
of California's products and at the same
time to obtain such printed matter bear
ing on the State as they may desire.
The management of the State Board of
Trade reports that visitors are eager for
information about California.
State Board of Trade and Mining
Bureau fo Distribute Knowl
edge of California.
KEEPING EXHIBITS OPEN
BY NIGHT DURING WEEK
A telegram from his Grace Archbishop
Henry Elder of Cincinnati was read. The
prelate said he sent his affectionate bless
ing, and that to-morrow he_ would offer
a mass for the future prosperity of the
institute. Letters of congratulation were
read from the Young Ladles' Institute,
Miss May Stein president and Miss J.
Molloy secretary, and the Catholic Ladies'
Aid Society, Miss May Carr president and
Miss Mary Conlin secretary.
Resolutions of condolence on the death
of Father McKinnon, chaplain of the
United States army and a past grand of
ficer of the Y. M. I., were introduced by
the Rev. Joseph Grant of Mission Council.
He-paid a tribute to the work that the
organization had accomplished in the
past, and said that the priests and bish
ops ln all Catholic dioceses must rely up
on Catholic laymen for parochial work.
It was by organizations of the character
of the Young Men's Institute that homes
were protected, and by the example
of the members was demonstrated
what a grand faith Catholicism
is. He mentioned also that he was grat
ified to know that the Grand Council had
adjourned ln honor of the memory of the
late Pope Leo XIII. He also mentioned
that he hoped to see the day when the
members of the League of the Crow
would become active workers in the ranks,
as they were the generation of Catholic
young men that all en6uld greet with
pride.
At the afternoon session of the Grand
Council of the Young Men's Institute
yesterday his Grace Archbishop Georgo
Montgomery addressed the delegates.
On behalf of Archbishop Riordan. who
Is absent from the city, Archbishop Mont
gomery welcomed the delegates. He said
that this was the first time he had ever
had an opportunity to attend a Grand
Council meeting of the Young Men's In
stitute, although he had a deep interest
In the order.
Letters of Congratulations
From Other Bodies
Are Read.
Archbishop Montgom
ery Addresses the
Y. M. L Delegates.
GRAND COUNCIL
HIGHLY PRAISED
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, AUGUST 19, 1903.
9
' AMTTHTMTSaTTS.
ONLY MATINEE SATURDAY.
LAST TWO WEEKS
OF THE SEASON.
RAYMOND AND CAVERLY
And Our Superb Eastern Company.
In th. Delightful Musical Eccentricity,
'.'IN HARVARD"
Next Saturday University of Calif orala
ni«ht. Ha! Ha! Ha! CaM-for-ni-*— U. C—
Berkeley. Zip— Boom — Ah!
PRICES— 25c. 60c. TSe.
COLUMBIA «S
Powell Street. Near Market.
THIS WSSt XTtry Sight Iznjt Sundty.
MATINEE TO-DAY
And Again on Saturday.
henry jv1iller
marcareITamglin
In Georce Bernard Shaw's
THE DEVIL^S DISCIPLE
Next week— HENRY ' MILLER and MAR-
GARET ANGUN ln 'THE TAMING OS
HELEN." Seat Sale Opens Thursday.
TIV0Ll'£5g.
TO-N1QHT and all this week.
8ATXHIDAT MATINEE.
In Response to the Genera! Demand.
CAMILLE D ARVIl-UB
Will Continue la DeKffrtn's Oreat Coc-.U
¦' ¦¦\,::: Ope«U
THE HIGHWAYMAN, i'^
The cast ts a special one throughout!
EDWIN STEVENS as FOXY QUILLER.
Arthur Ctmnlninam. Ferris Hartman. Ed«
ward Webb, Annie Myers. Marie Welsh, Alme*
Leicester and the entire TIyoU company.
Magnificent music and many a lauga:
The Grand Opera Season Will Cpen oi
MONDAY. Auftust 31.
POPtTLAR PRICKS 23c. 60c T3«
T«l«phon« — Bush 9.
Five Baby Lions in the Zoo.
A GREAT SHOW EVERY AFTERNOON
AND EVENING IN THE THEATER.
Inspect "CABARET DE LA MORT."
VISIT THE POUND AND ONE-HALT BABX
IN THE INTANT INCUBATOR.
THUKK BABY TIGERS IN THE ZOO. ,.
AMATEUR 2TXGHT THUSSDAV.
ADMISSION, 10c: CHILDREN, 8o ¦ -r<
Visit the
"Mystic Mirror Maze."
Symphony Concerts.
FRITZ SCHEEL, IU
GRAND OPERA HOUSE.
Auspicea of S. : F. Symphony Society.
CHANGES OF DATES 6F CONCERTS.
The SYMPHONY SOCIETY announces that
the concerts under the , direction of . MR.
SCHEEL will take place on TUESDAYS in-
stead of Fridays at 3:15 p. m. The next con-
cert will be on TUESDAY. Auk. 25. at 3:15 p.
m The remaining six concerts on: Tuesday.
Sept 1; Tuesday. Sept. 8; Tuesday. Bept. 15;
Tuesday. Sept. 23. Tuesday. Sept. 29; Tuesday.
Oct. 6. Seats on sale at Sherman ft Clay'a
Mu»ic Store, cor. Sotter and Kearny sta.,
Thursday mornin* and after. Prices: 80c, fl,
f 1 25. f 1 60.
[X 5
mR^rr st. si. *S2r
P^i^ff 1 D0NT FAIL TO
1 aittWW see the beautiful
j COURT Lounging
vlfifl room, the EMPIRE
U11U ;¦• PARLOR, the
f -#Wi 4 PALM ROOM, the
UHlflfl LOUIS XV PAR-
UiailU LOR, and tee LA-
U~4-*1~ DIES ' WRITING
llOtelS ROOM
feur jwt AE ISrJsf IS m rjcTfliiJ
SAMPLE TRUNKS TO ORDER. KEPAIRINO,
J. MAKTY, 22 TURK ST.
factory 820 Howard st.
ADVERTISEMENTS. ._.,_. ,^_ J _. .'.....,
I SCHUMACHER SCO. o«c.)
\ 8 New Montgomery St. Also Entrance Prom Palace Hotel Corridor
| Previous a.* Semi-Precious Stones,
> / Watches, Gold Jewelry.
i Gold Quartz Jewelry— Specimens of All Kinds.
\ Watches and Jewelry Repaired at Reasonable
} , : Prices.
MISCELLANEOUS AMUSEMENTS.
I LYRIC HALL.
Eddy, Above Mason.
Charles Frohmaa Pres* its .
EVERYMAN
¦'. The Fifteenth Century Morality Play.
Commencing Wednesday, Sept 2.
Beat* Ready, Sherman. Clay & Co.
' August 26.-. t
The 6. A. R. Veterans of 6eorg!a and
V. V. F. A. of San Francisco
v WILL. PLAT
...BASEBALL...
WEDNESDAY. - August IB. at S o'clock p. m.,
at «.- National Baseball grounds, corner • Ninth
and Bryant ' «ts. ¦ General admission, ¦ 25 cents
to all parts of the grounds.
miimim m ¦ ¦ ¦¦ ***¦*" Proprtetor*.
Market «t.. near Eighth. Thone South 633.
TO-NIOHT — ALL THIS WEEK.
MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
Magnificent Production of the Gnat Civil War
•> Drama,
"CUMBERLAND '61"
GORGEOUS SCENERY!
SPLENDID STAGE EFFECTS!
BRILLIANT CAST!
SPECIAL WELCOME TO THE GRAND
ARMY!
DDTrCC Evenings 10c to 60o
IK 11 ti Matinees 10c, 15c, 25«
Aug. 24. Alexander Dumas' Masterpl«c*,
CAMILLE. __^
MATINEE TO-DAY, WEDNESDAY, Aug. 19.
Parquet, any s«at. 25c: Balcony. 10c.
Children, any part except reserved. 10c.
Heeley and Meely; Rosie Rendel;
John Le Clair; Seeley and West;
Lew Hawkins; Sidney Wilmer and
Company; Miss Wynne Winslow;
The Great Kaufmann Troupe; The
Biograph and Last Week of
ELFIE FAY,
"The Craziest Soubrette on th« American
Stase.".
pALBFORNSA
9 ¦ Welcome to the nation's iSCsft
horoes to-night. In honor ot ,tf 1
the visiting veterans of the
__ Grand Army, the remarkable _
75 Neill-Morosco Company will 7J)
* present the great war play. '
*Z{\ "Shenandoah.-" Most bril- Ji/)
•*' vf llant mllttary epectaclo ever ** vr
OK seen on the stage; 200 regu- 9^
•*«*' lar soldiers ln the marvelous •*?«*
battle scene. Prices. 23c. 50c,
75c. ISar?atn matinee to-mor-
Tt row. 25c & 60c. Next Monday, BOB
I "Mrs. Dane's Defense." fLj
H E. AT KU
ALCAZAR M^r
Gen. Mgr.
TO-NIGHT-3 MATS THIS WEEK.
USUAL MATS THURSDAY AND SATURDAY.
EXTRA MATINEE NEXT SUNDAY.
To supply the Enormous Demand for Seats for
' - the Quaint Rural Comerly,
THE DAIRY FARM.
1200 TIMES IN THE EAST.
"It U a winner." — Call.
"Filled with humor." — Examiner.
"Too few such playB." — Chronicle.
Exquisite Scenery — Picturesque Costumes.
COAST TOUR TO FOLLOW.
Evg-.. 25c to 76o : All Tbree Mats. 15s to 50c.
MONDAY, Aur. 31 — SDedat season of
FLORENCE ROBERTS
In "THE UNWELCOME MRS. HATCH."
<^£?£^^
THE UNION FOREVER.
And We Are Giving the Best Shows Forever.
QUO VASS ISS
And
THE BIG LITTLE PRINCESS
The Very Funniest Burlesque ' Ever Seen.
Our "All-Star" Cast. Including
KOLB & DILL.
•,--'•¦- BARNEY BERNARD.
WINFIELD BLAKE.
HARRY HERMSEN.
MAUDE AMBER.
ELEANOR JENKINS.
ETC.. ETC.. ETC.
Reserved Seats — Nights, 25c. 50c . and 75c;
Saturday • and Sunday Matinees, 25c and 50c;
Children at Matinees. 10c and 25c.
IA/. TV HESS,
K0TARY PCBLIO AND ATT0B5 EY-AT-LAW.
Tenth Floor. Room 1015/ Claus Sprockets bids.
¦ Telephone Stain SS3.
Residence. 821 California St.. below PgwtU.
Residence Telesnoa* James 1301.
ADVERTISEMENTS. , ; ' »^r;
Mi$s Alice M. Smith, of Minneapolis,
Minn., tells how woman's monthly suffering
may be quickly and permanently relieved by
Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable Compound*
" Dear Mbs. Pixkiiam : — I have never before given ray endorse-
ment for any medicine, but Lydia E. Pinkham's Vearetable Com-
pound has added so much to my life and happiness that I feel lite,
making in this case. For two years every month I would
have two days 01 severe pain and could find no relief, but one day when
visiting a friend I run across Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable Com-
pound, — she had used it with the best results and advised me to try it.
I found that it worked wonders with me ; I now experience no pain and
only had to use a few bottles to bring about this wonderful change. I
use it occasionally now when I am exceptionally tired or worn out." —
Miss Alive M. Siirrn, 804 Third Ave., South Minneapolis, Minn., Chair-
man Executive Committee Minneapolis Study Club.
Beauty and strength in women vanish earlv in life because of
monthly pain or some menstrual irregularity. Many suffer silently
and see their best gifts fade away. Lydia E. Pinkham's Vege-
table Compound helps women preserve roundness of form and.
freshness of face because it makes their entire female organism
healthy. It carries "women safely through the various natural
crises and is the safeguard of woman's health.
The t uth about this great medicine is told in the letters from
women bi .ng published in this paper constantly.
Mrs. C. Kleinschrodt, Morrison, 111., says: —
.. "Diau Mrs. Pixkham: — I have suffered ever
ji?$f£rj^wjk since I was thirteen years of age with my menses.
vf^Uj^lTiSF They were irregular and very painful. I
tt-*l'£^'^Qy}T$\ a great deal but received no benefit.
•g&f *^^J " A friend advised me to try Lydia E.
W#'~ m \ *-^ ftf/ Pinkham's Vegetable Compound, Which I
Jais^) ** Bar did, and after taking a few bottles of it, I found
tflf H m\ aj u gTeat relief.
*®S §£a -c**\ f " 31 enstruation is now regular and \rithout
PfijPJgL A Pa-* 11 - * a P enjoying better health than I have
5Bgg|i»*|r^^^*v for sometime."
r if //j^Tfmrrm\ How is itpossible for us to make it plainer
/ / JUJU }| ' 1 that Lydia Ef. Pinkham's Vegetable Com-
/ j(" j I pound trill positively help all sick women ?
I / I All women are constituted alike, rich and poor,
I J * high and low, — all suffer from the same organic
troubles. Surely, no one can wish to remain weak
and sickly, discouraged with life and no hope for the future, when proof is so
unmistakable that Lydia E. Pinkham's Vejretable Compound will euro
monthly suffering — all womb and ovarian troubles, and all the Ills peculiar
to wotnen.
(^-SOnrt FORFEIT VI-** cannot forthwith prodne« the original J*tt«rs and *Ijrnatnr<- B ot
"j.Ifilli aW.-e testimonials, which will pror« their absolute K«nato«neM.
Hi I* V -1 *~ tydifc E. Plnkham Modlclno Co., Lynn. 3Com.
jl| HHif jjfc ULL |3) Uff TO S PPOMAT18IX-
I 3^d *rL " l ?_ From Bull Run to Appomattox men fought for
J&f-*&< vx&f^T'lA liberty, for patriotism and for the preservation of [frvSKSv '*dm&Wfdv)
Affirm tne Union. Liberty meant freedom in the home; Tf ff^^r^^^^^^^j
vTir 'W^SeFjC L^%\ patriotism meant the love of home, and the pres- iSlH/Kr*^"
rMX^W V^ ervation of the Union meant the preservation of I?7\OL I j^Sot^uUL
from family ties, home simply means so much JOlww "^^^HHffl
N '"iSte^^ -^^^S^ furniture in the rooms where a husband's and a H
,TljS!i!^ 1 ikHpsjJ vvife's heart are centered. From Bull Run to «cgag^
/.^nt n lw Appomattox men fought for a bedroom set 1
IN GOLDEN OAK. and a fireside chair; so choose your furniture m GOLDEN OAK.
"°: k :; what you have lom wanted ! .
All la^ cat " cr AT HALF WHAT YOU EXPECTED TO PAY. SJ|iLf din^ made of
>seat ' in Sideboard in solid oak, with ser- r^-_— ___^ iSF^mti solid oak ' finish "
W wI/mI K° ldcn - pentine front, and hand-polished till 1 ??^ J&33£SS55r'& ed in golden oak,
VrL _— * Ml Jr ' lt shincs llke a mirror. The uprights >M-\^w|?§^^5^2^^^ls
fij^~ <Ss§l|§Jy£>^ oak or are carved, and places are arranged t^^^^^^^^^^^^SL \tP&T~*^ l T-/A seIlin & this WCC ' K *
l\S?f~"^v D H m * h ° gan ' ment" WiTshould not miss seeing Wajt: [pgJE*^. for
IN rni DFN OAK J#lxx ** fcllvI1Jfc * 1 /v%ffli jj' t 4 -^-^ -^^^^ /•"•""jl^
IN UUUJi-ii uah. , Those Corded Arabian Curtains, t^^^^-^f^VmfS : -ri~r.-«-j^ fH rOT TlFN HAlf
•KS^^^T^Viviilh^^ ZVt Yards by 50 inches, in scroll ef- W *j£4V^^§&WW$ ' "* bUU;i:i1 VAiS "
* ect with inserted border. The very | W*- This cas y-
/t n * >e« Pure White Lace Curtains, in soft i !$£&!&$& \^%$ i ?^& g*"^*^^^! Rocker, in \
M 9 \ % Brussels and Battenberg and Louis | W§g&mi I flSg) ft golden oak
m If t XIV effects. A big reduction on new qfc gggjsS \*j ¦&.» , ; : «K$$ $' /% tv^J 11
/W ¦ , f j * 3 goods. Cut from $3-75' a tfi QA i^^^??Ki^&rt W&Jm ormah °S-
R JLfl j p a^ 4>i.vu a,t^teg^:^[?cam^\i! Kmm anized
itm^^-^ifrr^ fe^*"^ I White Lace, same as above, 3% J : : -^^^->c-^rt1<f \ttzSl*%kfc 1 \W\ Pvrl/ w t- t.
YP^^^\ik?3Sm yards by 50 inches, but closer net and f i' 7 Will MM ' qUaf *
[j \ finer fabric. Cut from (t') fi > "^^ / %\ii-3L— xii§fi tcxed,hol-
fj I! Ul*^- $ 4 '°° and 4 " 25 to •PX.-A'J ji^- lowed
1L- ~ COMFORTERS. "*'
Parlor Table, beautlfuly polished, Extra quality of silkolines, beautiful designs, filled with ster- f\f\ \a&%^^ ll y^ 52.50
$1.45 ilizcd cotton - Cut from $I - 50 to 90c i&f
- your trip by buying the %%™ •\# J TV%^*^W\\%J%W\\i different kinds in that j
furniture you need at 'THE CREDIT HOUSE," one ro °™ than ln an y
the prices we can quote. ->->-> >>->r O^T r>f\CZT CTr>Z2nT two other salesrooms in
I ¦ 3 233, 235^ 237 POST STREET. the city- oSIR THOMAS LJPTjON'S THJRD AND, APPARENTLY, BEST CHAL
LENGER FOR THE AMERICA'S CUP, WHICH WILL MEET THE
RELIANCE TO-MORROW FOR THE FIRST TIME. . ,
NAPA, Aug. IS.— Considerable surprise
and speculation has been caused by the
resignation yesterday of E. TV'. Jaensch
as Councilman from the Fifth Ward.
Jaensch had represented his ward for
many years and was a prominent member
of the Finance Committee. The reason
assigned for Jaensch's resignation Is that
his opinion had been" ignored recently in
an Important matter decided under the
new law. The City Council will appoint
a successor who will hold office till the
regular municipal election.
Napa Councilman Resigns.
Princess Has Appendicitis.
MUNICH, Bavaria, Aug. 18.— Princess
Rupprecht of Bavaria, who returned with
Prince Rupprecht last week from Japan,
by way of the United States, has been
operated on for appendicitis. The Prin
cess is doine well.
The election of Mr. Carolan presages a
return to the former glories of the club,
when It was the center for coaching, polo
and other high-class sports of the field.
Mr. Carolan Is famous as a host and will
probably entertain freely during the com
ing winter.
The annual meeting of the Burllngame
Country Club was held recently and the
following officers were elected:
F J Carolan, president: Henry T. Scott,
vice president; A. B. Ford, secretary; board of
directors, F. S. Moody. J. A. Folger. T. A.
Driscoll. C. Osgood Hooker, A. H. Payson. F.
J Carolan. W. B. Tubbs, A. B. Ford. H. T.
Scott J Kruttechnltt. J. L. Rathbone and G.
A Pope: finance committee, C. Osgood Hooker
and F. S. Moody.
New Official Is Expected to Revive
the Former Glories of Coach
ing ' and Polo.
BTJRIiINGAME CLUB ELECTS
F. J. CABOLAN PRESIBENT
Kentucky Stock Farm purse. $1000. tor
three-year-old racers — Mattle H won three
straight beats In 2:26J4. 2:23U and 2:li<4-
Ashbourne and Tomango also started.
2:15 trotting, purse $1COO, two tn threi> —
Mazette won two. straight heats In 2:VZYt and
2:lHi. Midnight. Mlllord Sanders, Ben Hal,
The Questor, Admiral D«wey, Mlsa Fearing.
Direct View, Jantina. Kozy and Sonata a!s>
started.
2:24 trotting class, purse $1000— Crown Prin
cess won two straight heats and race tn 2.13>4
and 2:14. Kamares. Queen Wilkes. Miss Jean
nette, Bermuda Maid. Alberto. Yankee Boy.
Dotlie K. Bessie Birchwood and Miss Overtoil
also started. >:,¦>;
NEW YORK, Aug. IS.— There was a
large attendance at the Grand vCircult
meeting at Brighton Beach to-day. The
weather was perfect and the track fast.
Summary:
The Brighton. $5000, pacing, three in five — •
Frank Toakum won three straight heats in
2:0tHi. 2:05ii and 2:07U. Alb Bock. Tom
Keene. Elastic Pointer. Star Hal. King Direct.
Almorel. Pc-eler Pairon. Oliver Wood ani
Brown Heels also started.
Perfect "Weather Induces Large At
tendance at Grand Circuit Meeting.
FAST TRACK AT BBIGHTON.
O > £ t >
s — <
3 p S 5
NAME AND CLUB. S ¦ \ 5
Anderson. Portland 95! 3651 105 .233
Andrews^ Portland 79f 3C5 87 .2S5
Baxter, Portland 991387 89.230
Blake, Portland. /. 10 37 10.270
Bottiger. Seattle «| 228 51 .21'4
Brashear. Oakland. Seattle.. 1C2 3*.: 120 .313
Brown. Sacramento 19 72 10 .13»
Butler. Portland 29 99 20.202
Carrick. Seattle 11 33 7 .212
I Casey, Sacramento 109 41rt 1121.273
Corbett. Los Angeles 24 78 2»|.35»
Cooper. Oakland 2J 75 Uj.187
Cravatt. Los Angeles 102 [ 390 94.241
Croll. San Francisco 8 23 3 .21T
Crystal, Portland 15j 43 « .133
Cutler, Sacramento 361 113 19i.ltM
Delmas. San Francisco 107 328 701.213
Devereaux. Oakland 08 3«2 881 .243
| Dillon. Los Angeles 103 397 147|.37f>
IXilan, Seattle 171 59 15.254
Doyle. Sacramento 9tt 395 10OL254
Drinkwater. Los Angeles 11 36 4.111
Drohan. Seattle 12| 38 11 .287
Eagan, Sacramento 110 410 142[.323
Engle. Portland ST 9tf 20|. 209
Fitzgerald. Sacramento 20! fi3 10J.1RO
Francis, Portland V 10 1I.10O
Francks, Oakland | 3 101 2 .20O
Gerton. Oakland I 90i 29X1 6« .221
Graham. O.. Oakland 47 135 .19.21)5
Graham. C. Sacramento 94 30fi 751.245
Gray, Los Angeles 2:;| 77 91.117
Hall. Los Angeles 27! 9«l 15I.15H
Hanlon. Seattle 10| 58 21.035
Hannivan. Seattle. 7B 285 Rlj.21*
Herr. Oakland 23 75 18t.24ft
He-s. Portland 40 15.°. 42 .275
Hildebrand. Sacramento 84 3^7 87 .2t5«
Hodson. San Francisco 2*' 77 11 .14,"!
Hogs. Portland 12 4.T 9 .20J»
Hollingsw'rth. L. Ang.-Port. 14 481 14i.292
Hogan. Sacramento 72 ! 2fH| 58*. 22(1
Hoy, Los Angeles 106 399 87 .213
Hughes. Seattle 34 05 19 .200
Hurlburt, Los Angeles. „... SO 87 ¦ 18J.2O7
Hurlburt. Portland 43 186 62 .333
Iberg, San Francisco ; 23l 78 5t.flH4
Irwin. San Francisco 113 4O7 122(.xn«>
Jacobs. San Francisco 7 24 51.208
Jansing. Seattle 76: 25«i 72!. 281
Keefe. Sacramento 9j 2»! It 1. 438
Kelly. San Francisco 47i 15fi| 3l!.2f»>
Klinkhammer, Seattle 12 at 7!.2O«
Krug. San Francisco I 111 412! 11O'.2<;7
Kruger, Oakland | 102 377! 881.2:!.':
Leahy^ San Francisco I O.'l! 329; S3!.2r>8
L»e. Oakland 1-221.
Lindsey. San Francisco. ....I *29f 99"*n9t.lO2
Lohman. Oakland f B0rMTt rr 40i .2T.3
Lumley. Seattle 21! R4i "OI.3S7
Lynch. San Francisco 1O>! 39 si 8Si.224
McGiUiKan, Oakland 61 19[ 2t.l()5
McLaughlln, Sacramento ... 109! 41«l 12t!.2»M
Meany,. San Francisco 1T31 421r 129f.3*MI
Mohler. Seattle 21 71 1« .225
Mosklman, Oakland 54! 201 67 .3:53
Murdock. Oakland 113J 448! 131 .20*
Xadeau. Portland 10f> 38."! 140 .."••:«
Newton, Los Angeles 27! S7| 22 .23.1
O"Hara, Oakland-Seattle ... 1011 37S| 114 .302
Pabst. San Francisco 98} 3o6j- 99I.27S
Raldy, Portland '.... 63j 251 70 27!>
Rellly, Sac-Port-Oakland... 46 167| 33.19ft
Ross, Los Angeles 101 3S1! 1151.302
Sample. Seattle 21 781 28.533
Schmeer. Portland 27J 09| 17.172
Schwartz. Seattle-Oakland.. 102i 305t 117 .298
Shay, San Francisco Ill 417[ 88 .235
Shea. Portland 27 1C7| 25.234
Sheehan. Sacramento 81 Z3H 89 .2fiS
Shields, Portland 19 73 17.233
Smith, C, Portland-Seattle. 96 3-S1 126 .32O
Smith, J., Los Angeles .... 106 418 124 .297
Spies, Los Angeles 94 317 81 .255
Thomas, Sacramento 36 109 28 .257
Thlelman. Portland 7 21 "8.381
Toman. Los Angeles 106 Sfi7 74 .202
Townsend. Sacramento 101 .".87 1181.303
Van Buren. Portland 1001 S86 14S 3s:i
Vtgneux. Portland B8I 203 40!.197
"Ward. Seattle 531208 461.221
Whalen, San Francisco .... 331 108 161.149
Wheeler, Los Angeles ...... 103 S77 74 .19«
Wilson, Seattle 59 200- 46.230
Ziegler. Seattle 80 CUt 63 .209
Zlnssar. Portland-Seattle ... 03J 336 9"! .233
Fourth race — Elastic, Frank Bell,
Kindrel.
Fifth race— Ada N, Lindenella,
Pirateer.
Sixth race — Marcos, Satin Coat,
Jena.
First race — Quaker Girl, Dr. Cart
ledge, Don Alvaro. '
Second race — Mallory, Jake
Weber, Irene Mac.
Third race — Dr. Hart, Kitty Clyde,
Kingstelle. • ,
Fifth race, one mile and seventy yards, purse
— Hindi 8S. Flintlock 105. Llndenella 98, Plra
teer 98, Ada N 103, Golden Glitter 103.
Sixth race, one and a quarter miles, selling —
Sir Phillip Sidney 93, Meddlesome 100. Pam
plona 103, South Breeze 103, Marcos 97. Satin
Coat 101. Charles D 96. Class Leader 96, Gin
Spray 105. Baronet 105. Jena 94.
KINLOCH SELECTIONS.
By the New'Tork .Telegraph.
KINLOCH ENTBIES.
ST. LOUIS. Aug. IS. — Kinloch Park entries:
Fir^t race, five and a half furlongrs. selling —
Mayor Miller 99. Bandlllo 98. Philllda 104.
Frank Collins 104, Lampadrome 101, Don Al
varo 96. Mendon l«l, Easter Walters 90, Alcom
R 98, Our LUlle 90, Burrows 107. The Frisco
Line 100. Quaker Girl 106. Dr. Cartledge 109.
Second race, six furlongs, purse — Detest 110.
Irene Mac 110, Judge Ranktn 119, D. L. Moore
112, Dolly Gray 1J0. Theory 117. Joe Goss lift.
Harry Beck 119. Mallory 115, St Ah 117. King's
Lady 110, Jake Weber 119. Mabel Winn 117.
Miss Aubrey 117.
Third race, one and a sixteenth miles, sell
ing—Florrle S 95, Oton Clay 105. False 100.
Dr. Hart 10S, Eugenia S 09, Kitty Clyde 106.
Varner 105, Dawson 100, Blanco 103, Axares
105. Kingstelle 95.
Fourth race, six furlongs, handicap — Elastic
117. Frank Bell 100. Optional 95. Santa Ventura
95. Kindred 109, Uranium- 99.
Time, 1:45%. Start good. Won easily. Win
ner, W. W. Elliott's b.h. by Hlmyar-Graoe
Lee. Helen -Print 8G, Pourquol Pas 86, W. B.
Gates 106. Stand Pat OC, also ran.
SIXTH RACE— Mile and seventy yards, sell
ing:
Betting. Horse. Weight Jockey. St. "i Fin.
2 to 1— Hilee, 102 (Higgins) 3 1 1 1>4
7 to 2 — Irish Jewel. 1C6 (Watron) I 2 2 > 2
SO to 1 — Montana Peeress, 91 (Byx
bee) 2 4 3n
FIFTH RACE — Seven and a half furlongs,
puree :
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. \ Fin.
7 to 1— Mallory, 101 (C. Bonner). 5 3 1 1V 3
3 to 5— Nearest, 110 (Higgins). . . 4 128
40 to 1 — Hottentot. 98 (Fauntleroy) 3 4 3 8
Time. 1:35%. Start good. Won easily. Win
ner, L. C. Sloan's ch.c. by Ondaga-Miss
Thomas. Alfio 101, Benson Caldwell 105. also
ran.
Tim«\ 1:15. Start good. Won easily. Win
ner, J. K. Mockery's ch.c. by Donald A. -My
May. Ralnland 119, Old Stone 101, Wreath
of Ivy 101. also ran.
FOURTH RACE— Six furlongs, handicap:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
7 to 1— Ben Adkins. 100 (Higglns) 2 1 1 Ui
12 to 1— Fenian. 9C (Austin) 1 3 2n
4 to 1— Hugh McGowan. 99( Bride
well) S 2 3 h
Time, 1:22. Start poor. Won easily. Win
ner, W. V Conrad's ch.c. by July-Hearsa, Ono
More 107. Tenny Belle 10O. Northern Spy 110.
Macbeth 107. Sweet Dream 103, Reducer 107.
Lou Clleveden 10O. also ran.
THIRD RACE— Six and a half furlongs, sell-
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. *i Fin.
6 to 1— Fugurtha. 93 (Howell 4 2 1 IVj
5 to 1— Ladas. 110. (Hlgglns) 2 1 2 1*»
10 to 1— Una Price, 105 (C. Bonner) 15 3 1
SECOND RACE— Six furlongs, selling.
Betting. Horse, Weight. Jockey. St. «i Fin.
2 to 1— Sid Silver. 109 (Hlgglns)... 4 1 1 n
12 to 1— Stub, 103 (Austin) 2 4 _ Vj
6 to 1— Mimo. Ill (Fogg) X ?., ¦"
Time, 1:15. Start good. Won driving.
Winner. Mrs. I. Booker's b.c." by Slddartha-
Sllver Bangle, lrby Bennett 109. Budwelser
95. King Rose 106. Harry Griffith 100. Joe
Buckley 111. Tangent 103. Truant 95. Lacache
05. Whit Arthur 100. Howard P. 100. also ran.
ST. LOUIS* Aug. IS.— Ben Adkins. at
odds of 7 to 1, captured the fourth event
at Kinloch Park to-day. Ralnland, heav
ily played at 7 to 5, finished outside of
the money and was never a contender.
The best finish of the afternoon came in
the second race, when Sid Silver defeated
Stub by a nose.
Weather clear; track fast. Summary:
FIRST RACE — Six and a half furlongs, sell-
Be^'ting. Horse, Weight. Jockey. St. fi Fin.
7 to 2— Temptress, 100 (George)... » « 1 a
7 to 1— Sting, 103 (Bridewell)....- - - - «
15 to 1— Eliza Cook , 107 (Watson). 6 1 3 n
Time. 1:22%. Start good. Won
ner. J. 8 Rothert's ch. m. by Sablne-Brltta.
Worthington 110. Legation 100. Crosmolina 1W.
Golden Easter 111. Stddara 100. Salinda 1CS.
Uncle Samuel 107, Water Edge 10.. also ran.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
The first official batting averages of the
Pacific Coast Baseball League for the
present season were madS public yester
day. The batting this season has been
much heavier tfian formerly. Numerous
player's are hitting over the .300 mark.
Van Buren, of the Portland club, leads
the league with an average of .383. Dil
lon of Los Angeles Is second with .370 and
Nadeau of Portland third with .366. Ir
win and Meany are the only men on the
San Francisco team hitting at a ,300
clip. Following are the averages of all
the players now in the league: .
Sid Silver Wins by a Nose
From Stub in a Kin
lcch Sprint.
Irwin and Meany tfce Best
Stickers on Uncle Hank's
Team.
Heavily Backed Colt
Finishes With the
Also Rans.
Leads the Coast League
With an Average
of .383.
RAINLAND RUNS
MEDIOCRE RACE
BATTING HONORS
FOR VAN BUREN
It Is' much easier to 1. collect one's
thoughts than It Is to collect bad debts.
WASHINGTON. Aug.' 18.— The War Depart
ment has dropped from | the ' rolls Second Lieu
tenant Max Sulnon.'who has been absent from
the Department- of .Texas without leave for
several months. , He stands charged with de
sertion. ¦
LOS ANGELES, Aug. 18.— After gleaning
laurels In far fields for six weeks, the -Los
Ajigelcs Pacific Coast League team .resumed
business on Its own grounds this afternoon and
took the came from Oakland by a score of 3
to 2. The visitors made their twin runs In
the first inning, through the dropping of a
thrown ball by Dillon at first base and the
Juggling of a grounder by Smith at third. The
locals tapped the Scoreboard for three runs in
the fifth Inning by strong stick work.
R H V
Los Ang. ..00003 000 0—3 ' 7* 2
Oakland ... 2 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0—2 5 0
Batteries — Gray and Spies; Lee and Gorton.
Win Their First Game on Home
Grounds After Long Absence. '
ANGELS DEFEAT OAKLAND.
SEATTLE. Wash.. Aug.; 18.— Following Is a
summary of to-day's racing at The Meadows:
Free-for-all pace, two In three — Martha B.
won, Leroi second," Francesco . third. Best
time. 2:12Vi-. - ¦¦••--. • - T ~»
Four and a half furlongs — Colonel Bogey
won. Emil second. Rose Leaf third. Time,
:55^.
Five furlongs— Hirtle r won. Thisb* second,
John Boggs third. Time, -1:01%.
Five and a' half furlongs — Tanum won,
Toung Marlow second." " Blondura third. Time,
1:09%. ' ' "' ' ' ' " ' ¦'¦*' " ¦ * • - : '-¦-:
One i mile and fifty-- yards — Admetus- won.
Filibuster second. Chub third. .Time, 1:45*$.
Seven furlongs — Myrtle H. won. i GcldHnder
second, Ultruda third. Tlm«, 1:28%. •
Six and a half furlongs — Remark won,
Cambaceres second. The Miller ; third. Time,
1:20%. -
Racing at the Meadows.
WHATCOM, Wash., Aug. 18. — The directors
of the Whatcom Baseball Club have decided
¦ gainst taking Helena's place In the- Pacific
National ¦ League. President Lucas: wired say-
Ing Whatcom would have to put up $500 cash
forfeit, but need only take what Helena
players they desired. After considering his
proposition the following reply was wired him:
•'Our directors decide that owing to the late
ness of the season and no opportunity to break
even, we are not justified In taking the Helena
franchise.** .
R.H.E.
Butte 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 10 0 0—1 6 4
Spokane 0 1000000006 2 — 3 8 3
Batteries — Roach and Swindells; Dammann
and Hanson. Umpire — Carruthers.
EAX.T LAKE. Utah, Aug. 18.— No game here
to-day. Seattle team did not arrive. -
TACOMA. Wish., Aug. 18.— It is settled.
The Tacoma baseball team will not go to Van
couver. Loucks has signed with Spokane;
Byers will go to San Francisco or Spokane;
St. Vraln goes to the Seattle team of the Pa
cific Coast League. The rest of the team may
tour the State.
BUTTE, Mont., Augr. 18. — In the snappiest
game of the season on the home grounds Roach
and Damxnann battled twelve Innings for su
premacy. A bunching of hits In the final In
ning enabled two Spokane men to reach the
home bag and cinch the game. The runs were
all earned. The errors made by the teams had
nothing to do with the score. Attendance 300.
Score:
Spokane Defeats the Home Team
After a Great Struggle.
TWELVE INNINGS AT BTJTTE.
SARATOGA ENTBIES,
Saratoga, au*. is.— Entries
Flret race, elx furlong», Hlirhweirht handi
cap, for all aces— Major Dalnrerfleld 128,
Ti oung Henry 125. Alabarch 117. Conundrum
116. Irene Lindsay US. Lord Badye 112, Inrold
110. The Carmelite 110. St. Daniel 107. Oars
man 107. The Guardsman 107. Illyrta 105, Da
mon 104, Hazelwood 103. Race Klnjr 103, Net
tie Regent 1C3, Red Hook 100. Roue 100. Scoffer
tt8, Bath Beach .»6. Champlla 96.
6econd race, steeplechase, handicap, full
course. four-year-cld» and upward— Hirbee
159. Tankard 156. Beau Ideal 140, Seminole
135, Daryl 133. Manillas ISO. Semper Ira 140
Third race, five and a half furlong*, sellinir'
two-j ear-olds — Slormy 107. Albertta 09 Coal
Black Lady 00. Klnesboro 108. Excentral 94
Auf WIedersehn »7. Hoeeo 94. Ocean Tide 106*
The Bowery 105, Juvenal Maxim 110, Silver
M'ade 99. Honorlug 104. Mildred L M 10ft
Wizard 109. '
Fourth race, one and a Quarter xnllea The
Kenner. threw-j-ear-oldn— Short Hose 129.' Gray
Friar :0S, Elack Huzsar 116, Afla Nay 124
Sir Vborhies 111. Reliable 12fl.
Fifth race, elx furlocga, maiden two-rear
r'ids — Rockaway 112. Crown Prince 112, Fort
plain 112. Requiter 112, Brooklyn 112, Kooh
inoor 112. Bt. Jolly 1J2. Dutiful 112. Lonr Spur
JI2. The Minuteman 112 Cefirlo 112.
Fixth race, one mil* »«Mnr. three-year-oldi
ard upward— P.uMeM Garth 86. Jon Cobb 106,
Ixird Advocate I0«, Birch Broom 102, Ella Sny
<!e r fe7. Royal 103, The Regent 83, St. Sever
** R . Syrlin 03, Irene XJndsay 98, Stuyv* 105
Ernert Parham 101. 611dell 106, Rocky 10L
Coldrby 110. Carbuncle 109, Lady Potentat*
1M. Sweet Alice 88.
Seventh race, five and a half furlonrs, sell-
Ing, two-year-olds — Dunganncn 04, Redman &9,
Tot San 94. Stumpy 104, I<owcut 89, Seagate
•M. Moiwtfr 107. Viona 104, F»lr Order 97,
Plearent Memories 10.1. Short Cake 100 Tom
cod 1P2. Monastic 107.
SARATOGA SELECTIONS.
By the New York Telegraph.
First race—^-Irene Lindsay, Race
King, The Guardsman.
Second race — Tankard, Hlgbee,
Semper Ira.
Third race — "Wizard, Ocean Tide,
The Bowery.
Fourth race— Grey Friar, Sir Voor
hicE, Short Hose.
Fifth race — Kochinoor, Cedric,
Rockaway.
Sixth race — Irene Lindsay, Sweet
Alice, Stuyve.
Seventh race— 3^on«ter, Shortcake,
Zhisgnnnon.
After supper for the crews the tug Guid
ing Star took the Reliance in tow, while
the English tug. Cruiser, performed the
same service for the Shamrock III,-- both
the yachts arriving at Sandy Hook at
about sundown. .
The Reliance, and Shamrock swung laz
ily at their moorings Inside Sandy Hook
to-night, ready for the International con
test for the America's cup, the first race
of which will be sailed on Thursday. The
Shamrock III merely returned to her old
moorings < the Reliance coming here for
the first time. The day was one of ex
ceeding interest to all directly interested
In the international race, being devoted
to the official measuring and final groom-
Ings of both yachts. The cleaning of the
under bodies of both was completed this
morning, and Charles ,D. Mower, the offi
cial measurer of the New York Yacht
Club, stretched his steel tape from truck
to deck and from the end of the bowsprit
to the extreme point of the after over
hang of both racers. As one result about
eight Inches of the spinnaker boom . of
the Shamrock III was sawed off, owing
to the fact that It was estimated to be
that much longer than the base of the
forward triangle, which covers the head
sails of the yacht, which would mean
penalization If allowed to stand. Sir
Thomas I,ipton, as well as Mr. Iselin and
Designer Herreshoff and Designer Fife,
were Interested spectators of the work
of Mr.' Mower. Designer Fife evidently
desired that the Shamrock III should be
measured while down by the I stern as
much as possible, for everything mov
able, even to the Jib sheet leader blocks,
was moved and stowed amidships. The
measuring was completed at 4:45 o'clock
and both yachts were warped out of the
basin.
Reliance. Shamrock III
Water line 89. C8 feet. 88.81 feet
Base line 201.75 feet. 1S7.54 feet.
Fore side of mast .. 84.2a feet. 81.40 feet
Spinnaker boom S3. 75 feet. . M.40 feet.
Main gaff 71.90 feet. 65.75 feet.
Topmast 72.00 feet. 69,15 feet.
Eighty per cent of
topmast 55.60 feet. 55.32 feet
Perpendicular 149.68 feet. 144.83 feet.
Sail, area .. .16,1CV>,93 sq. ft. 14,337.45 sq. ft.
Square root of anil
area 127.16 feet. 119.75 feet
Sailing length 108.41 feet. 104.77 feet.
Men on board 64 50
The announcement of the time allow
ance In favor of the challenger caused
little surprise at the yacht club, as It
was the general belief that the Reliance
would prove considerably larger ajl
around tnan her opponent. Following are
the official figures:
official measurer of the New
York Yacht Club. As the result of his
measurements and calculations It was an
nounced to-n.ight that the Reliance would
allow the challenger 1 minute and 45 sec
onds over a thirty-mile course. It was
found that the Shamrock III was slightly
longer on the water line than the Ameri
can boat, but the latter .proved to have
nearly 2000 sciuare feet more of sail area
than the challenger. It was this enor
mous sail spread that taxed the Ameri
can boat so heavily.
NEW YORK, Aug. 18,-The Re
liance and the Shamrock III
were measured to-day In the
Erie basin by C. E. Mower, the
HAWTHORNE SELECTIONS.
By the Chicago Inter Ocean.
First race — Determination, Rusk,
J. W. O'Neill.
Second race — Falella, Paulaker,
Indian. -<-
Third rfice — A. D. Gibson, Toah,
Beau Ormonde.
Fourth race — Orsina, Warte Nicht,
Bragg.
Fifth race— Kunja, C. B. Campbell,
Fonsoluca.
Sixth race — Flo Bob, Auditor, Eng
lish Lad.
Fifth race, one mile and seventy yards. cell-
Ing — Meehanus 109. Headwater 10M. Larry Wilt
107. Cornwall 105, Fonsoluca 104, Ixjiiisville
104, Carat 104, Do Madge 104. Silver Fizz 104
Kunja 102. Moabina 103, C. B. Campbell 101,
Bard of Avon 101. Frivol 97, Pronta 97.
Klxth race, five and a half furlongs — Peter
Paul 113. Prince SilverwWgs 111, Flo Bob 111
Auditor 111. J. P. Mayberry 111. English ljid
111. Tootsey Mack 100. Witchcraft 10.1. Don
Domo 100. Orangeman 100.
Fourtli race, one and a sixteenth miles, han
dicap—Bragg 107, The Giver 104. Warte Nicht
104. Huzzah 519. Ors'na 98.
Second race, steeplechase, short course, han
dic-ap-^reylon 1W>, Paulaker 145. Anchor 14°
Falella 14:». Indian II 130. Oliver Me 130
• Third race, six furlongs— Skilful 110, Beau
Ormonde 107, Sylvia Talbot 105 A. D. Gibson
103. Toeh 104, Wainamolnen 102, L'Etrenne
102, St. Minor 100. Oronte. 97, Glenrice 95.
CHICAGO. Aujr. 18.— Hawthorne entries:
First race, five furlongs, selling— Rusk 108
Mary Ounn Htf, Charlie Slade 104 J W
O'Neill 10.1. Durbar 101. Apolllnaris 101. Louise
Meinlng 101. Hhaitan 101 Away Right 101
Rpquimia W, Banwell OS. Determination m
Ltorice Wf. Monls !»« EHe 96.
HAWTHORNE ENTRIES.
SIXTH RACE— Six furlongs, purse:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin..
n to 1— Martinmas, 107 (Otis) 8 3 1 h
15 to 1— Federal. 119 (Wonderly). .10 5 2 1
B to 1— First (Tiip. 110 (Adkins). 2 13 1
Time 1:15. Start good. Won driving. Win
ner Mrs. G. Henshall's ch. g. by Martagon-
Nekomlf. Incubator 110. Kossmond 110. Len
dln 112, Lady Matchless 105, Wolfram 107,
Evening Star 117. Ethylene 112. also ran
FIFTH RACE— Mile and twentv vards.
Ffliins: ' *
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin
S to 5— Floyd K. !)S (Wilson).'... 3 5 1 2>i
12 to 1 — Maniselle. 1(9 (Bonner).... 4 2 2 2
5 to 1— Mezzo, t»7 (Phillips) 7 6 3 1
Time 1:40 3-5. Start good. Won easily.
Winner S. C. Hildreths b. c. by Pontico-
Onaetta. Serge lo.'!. 'Banana Cream MS, Mr.
Dingle «9. Kentucky Cardinal 104, Sir Faust
;»'_¦. also ran.
Time 2:22 3-5. Start fair. Won driving.
Winner J. Arthur's br. c. by Halma-Mis»
Ix.upford. Judge Hirr.es t»S, Barca 9.'', also
ran.
FOURTH RACE— One and three-eighths
miles, ourse:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. %. Fin.
3 to 1— Bondage. 9(5 (Robbing) 2 1 1 h
5 to 2— B McCarthy, SM (Bonner). 3 3 2 4
7 to 2— J McGurk, m« (Adkins).. 1 4 3 3
THIRD RACE — One mile, handicap:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. %. Fin.
5 to 2— Hargis, 112 (Helgesen). .. 1 2 1 na
X to o — Glassful, 101 (Adkins).*. .. 4 3 2 1
7 to 1— Linguist, 10:: (Phillips)... 3 1 3 14
Time 1 :41 4-5. Start good. Won driving.
Winner K. Corrigan's ch. c. by Hanover-Ex
tra. The Giver 10», The Forum 97, also ran.
SECOND RACE— Six furlongs, selling:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jot key. St. *i. Fin.
5 to 1— Rag Tag, 10O (Adklny)... 0 2 11
4 to 11 — Sardine. 100 (Helgesen). . 13 22
10 to 1— Zyra. K> (Phillipo) 2 4 3 n
Time 1:11 2*f>. Start good. Won easily.
Winner J. T. Stewart & Co.'s b. c. by Mar
grave-Regalia. Ivernia 95. Pat Morrissey 102,
Father Wentker 107.- Port Royal 109, also ran.
/
CHICAGO, Aug. 18.— There was but one
good race at Hawthorne to-day— that be
tween Hargis and Glassful in the third
event, a handicap at a mile. It was
strictly a two-horse race, the other start
ers never having a chance. From the
head of the stretch to the wire the pair
had a desperate tussle; first one and then
the other was in front, and when the
wire was reached the public had to wait
for the judges to decide the winner. The
decision of the judges, giving the race
to the Corrigan horse, was not well re
ceived, many claiming that Glassful was
over the line first.
There was no development in the Holt
man-Corrigan controversy to-day. Holt
man was given an ovation by the spec
tators when he took his place in the
starters' stand in front of the grand
stand in the third race.
Weather clear; track good. Summary:
FIRST RACE— Four and a half furlongs,
puree :
netting. Hor*e. Weight. Jockey. St. »;. Fin.
12 to 1— Liberty Bell. 112 (Otis).. 11 « 1 1
5 to 2— My Gem. 112 (Adklns)... 7 5 2 2
CO to 1— Fox Lake. 115 (Phillips).. 4 1 3 h
Time 5C 1-5. Start good. Won easily.
Winner .T. Grltfln & Co.'s b. f. by G. W.
Johnson-Silver Bell. Instructor 115. Justine
Morel 112. Freckman 115, Miss McMeekln 112,
Frank Carr 115. Codex 112. Sauerkraut 112.
Darro 115. Rian IT". Alamansor 115, Our Chap
112, also ran.
Special Dispatch to The Call
SIXTH RACE— Selling; one and a sixteenth
n-.lles, on turf:
letting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. «i Fin
« to 1— V^Ltv Street, 104tJ.Mertln) 1 3 1 n*
l^t to 1— Trlbee Hill, lllCPickerlng) 7 6 3 2
5 to 1 — /Partnership, V3 (Brennan) 4 13 2
Time. 1 :4S 4-5. 'SUrt fair. Won driving,
dinner. N. Dyinenfs b. c by Longstreet-
Oame Lass. Ston«wall 101, Flora. 101. Kaiif
109. Stroller 83, D&rk Planet 103 and Mosketo
112 also raa.
FIFTH RACE— 2- year-olds ; six furlongs:
Betting. Hor?e. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin
13 to 5— Abdell, 105 <O'I<>11I» 3 2 1 2U
T to 2— Mercury, US (Redfern)... 6 4 2 »i
IS to 1— Yel. Hain'r.105 <CaJlahan) 113 4
Time. 1:12 4-8. Start poor. Won handily.
Winner. J. E. iladden's br. c. by Plaudlt-
Mahn-.a. Golden Drop 1OS. Knobbampton 110.
Caecine 110. Moharlb 110. Esperance 102 and
Jocund 110 olco ran.
FOURTH RACE— The Merchants' and Citi-
Beos* handicap: one and an eighth miles:
Jtettine. Horse. Weight. Jockey. 8t. % Fin.
S to 5 — HerrnU, VU (Odom) 3 1 1 a
1 to I— Irish Im.6. 120 (lle&tern).. 2 2 2 6
15 to 1 — Rlpcdon. lw: (Gannon).... 4 4 3 5
Time. ! :51 3-3. btart poor. Won eas';>\
Winner. E. R. Thomas' ch. c. by Hermenre-
JCaty of the West. Masterman 114 also ran.
Tira», 1 :07 3-0. Start eood. Won driving.
Minntr, J. R. Keene's b. f. by Ben Brush-
Mjntiie I^-*. <»'K>d <"heer 112. Charter 112. Ad
ilastha 112. Monachord 112. Testimony 113.
• lamsstrtj! 112. War Times 112. Wistaria 112.
UisBinK Link 112. Ked Light 112, Destiny 112
und fc";iv»-r tfllpper Jl" also ran.
THIItn RACE-For maiden flllles. 2-year
clds; five and a half furiones:
I;«tins. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. *; Fin.
."• to :> — Palette. 112 (Gannon) 2 1 1 »*
.'. to 1— For L.uck. 112 (Hickg) ««!><.
;: to 1— Mineola, 111' (Burns) 7 3 a 2
Tim?, 1 :.5» 4-o. t=tart stragjjling. Won rid
<i»n cut. Winner, J. Baker'e b. g. by Domliw-
P.oyal Gem Somerset 101. Passbook SS, L.u
ctst 10(5. Gib. Light KB. True Blue 08, Star
and Carter J-s. Kemiier Vlvax 93, Cboate 101
and Albany <J:rl Mi also ran.
SECOND HACK— *Ille; selling; 2-year-olds
and upward; 10 I"» ridd«-n by boys who have
r^ver won a mount.
'Vttinp. Horw. VWight. Jockey. St. *i Fin.
<; to 1— The Iieg»-nt.I<j::<F"orehAnd) 1 1 1 «
.*.;• to 1 — Beverly. 108 «Uyer) 5 2 24
#0 to I — S^-oner. Ifti irtprinser) ti 4 3 t)
j,. t« 1— J-l&udt-. 117 <J. Iiiily) 11 5 3 3
Time. 1 :25 4-5. Start fair. Won driving.
Vv"!nrw>r. W. Ciay's l>. f. by Kiylng Uutchman-
I'haiU. Korwa'U u~. Oaytaiian 106. Damon
»¦>. Gold Hell KM. Prince Chlng 00. Aurtesville
MS, foi:rtma)<1 u\ Monte «"arlo lOti. ilackey
l.'w\er 111 ar.d Orion* J*<i also ran.
FIRST n.\CJ>-Jian'1ii-ap; seven furlongs:
rptiinp. Horse. \W15ht. Jockey. Ft. ? 4 Kin.
B to 1 — Klyins Shi;.. 115 <ON>IT.) 3 3 1 H
7 to 1— Hay::e. lift <lledfern) 4 7 2 1
.Veat'ner clear; track fast. Summary
Experienced trainers declare that Irish
Lad was beaten by Hermis to-day be
cause Kcdfern, his rider, was taken by
surprise when Odom suddenly shot Her
mis through next to the rail and obtained
a lead which Irish Lad could not possibly
overcome, because the next three furlongs
were run in Sli 2-5 seconds. It would have
been suicidal for Irish Lad to make the
running when he had to concede six
pounds to Hermis. The riding of Redfern
ft emed to be in accordance with orders
from, the stable, judging from the fact
that the first three furlongs were run,
from the start around the turn, in 37 sec
onds. It was not until the straight run
on the backstretch was reached that
Odom eaw h!s opportunity and took ad
vantage of it. Shrewd trainers declared
immediately after the race that It was
reduced to a sprint of six furlong?, with
»i« rmis four lengths in front of Irish I-id
iind the pace faster than at any other
period of the contest.
McChesney has fully recovered from his
ir.jury. and Trainer Taylor says he will
be ready to race within a few days.
Western turfmen are still sweet on the
chances of the big son of Macduff, and
rhould he go against the California crack.
Waterboy, and last year's king of the
Eastern turf. Hcrmis. the interest in the
rr.re will be unbounded.
SARATOGA, Aug. lS.-After the mighty
Hermis had won the Merchants' and Cit
izens* handicap at the Spa to-day his
owner. Millionaire E. R. Thomas, offered
to match the horse against any other
thoroughbred in America, at a mile and
a quarter, weight for age. This challenge
is directed especially against Waterboy
and MoCheFney. and the enthusiastic
young owner, whose long period of mis
fortune on the turf apparently has
reached the turning point, is not disposed
to place any limit on the amount to be
vi-a gored privately by the owners of the
animals in the special race, provided it
is arranged. Thomas' challenge hns
slirrcd interest In the project to decide
the championship of the American turf,
which got a black eye when the match
between McChesney and Waterboy fell
through because of the injury to the for
mer's hoof, due to stepping on a stone. It
is probable that efforts will be made to
bring Hermis. McChesney and Waterboy
tr.pother in a three-horse race, the
Jockey Club to put up a liberal purse.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Stand's Decision in a Close
Contest Is Not Well
Received. .
Hopes to Arrange Meeting
With Waterboy and
McChesney.
Hawthorne Judges Give
Hargis Verdict Over
Glassful
Owner of Hermis Is
sues a Sweeping
Challenge.
STARS OF TURF
MAY COMPLETE
LONG DRIVE ENDS
IN A NOSE FINISH
SHAMROCK III GETS TIME ALLOWANCE
FROM THE YANKEE CRAFT DEFENDER
Irish Yacht's Sail Area Is Two Thousand Square Feet Less Than
That of the American 'Boat, Although She Is Longer On Water
Line — First International Contest Will Be Sailed To-Morrow
SPORTS OF THE RACETRACK, THE WATER AND THE BASEBALL FIELD
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, AUGUST 19. # 1903.
CHICAGO, August 18.— Miss Bessie An
thony, .Western champion, . turned ?In ; a
93 j card in the qualifying rounds of ithe
eighth annual women's tournament of .the
Onwentsla Club, which started * to-day.
This was the best score, of the : fifty-four
who made the elghteen-hole Journey," and
accordingly \ the -champion was given I the
medal for th« lowest score. . ;¦ -__
Western Girl Makes Top Score.
The grounds will be in the center of a
natural amphitheater and the contests
can be viewed by a large number of peo
ple. Seats will be provided- on sloping
banks. The street cars will run within
a short walk of the grounds.
The members of Golden Gate Park
Driving Association met .last night in the
Palace Hotel and" decided upon the pro
gramme for their meeting at Tanforan
track on Admission Day. The races are
all match affairs,. the owners subscribing
$25 each and the association adding a
purse. One race will be for a" valuable
cup, between "Edward Algeltlnger's Dolo
dor and J. Plageman's General Vallejo.
The other races are as follows: -First
race— A. F. Jacobs* Mack, J. Doran'8
Delia McCarthy, J. O'Kane'S; Sandow
and J. M. Eva's Ethel H. . - '": -
Second race— M. M. ; Donnelly's Lafay
ette, J.de la Montanya's Ivy ; and V.'
Verelhac's Victor. v. - ' :
Third race— M. M. Donnelly's Old Guy,
Edward Algeltlnger's Fred T., Captain
Batchelder's Crescent and D. Mizner's
Miss Washington. , •'
The cars of the San Mateo electric line
will run to the track every, five minutes. 1
Plans are well advanced for the new
speed track, polo field and athletic
grounds In Golden Gate iPark. Superin
tendent McLaren has staked out the
ground and finds he has room for a
three-quarter mile course instead of a
half mile as at first supposed. .
The trotting track will be sixty feet
wide. Inside this and six feet below it
will be a track for athletes. Inside this
again will be the polo field, of which
much is expected. Stabling will, be pro
vided among the trees for the horses
between heats. f.'-\
When bidding Jeffries good-by yester
day Corbett said: "I'll-' be a big booster
for you In the East, Jim."
Jeffries is still undecided as to his
movements. Chalk . Roberts, John Brink
and other Los Angeles- friends of the
champion are" going south to-morrow and
he may accompany them. Colonel- Brady
may als6 be of the party! ,.
Harry Corbett, accompanied by his
brother Tom and some otheis, leave
shortly for a month's horseback trip
through Lake and other northern coun
ties.
From present appearances Benny Yan
ger will ' not 'be able ' to meet Hanlon here
next month. In this event an effort will
be made to have either Britt or | Herrera
take his place. There 'Is a; slight differ
ence In weight between Hanlon and Britt
which mav be reconciled. Herrera and
Hanlon are about "of the ' same weight.
Herrera has come up suddenly during the
past year. Six of his recent fights aver
aged only three rounds each.
• Jack Johnson, the. colored heavyweight,
is in town looking for -trouble in the
person of 'Jeffries.'. Should'the latter wipe"
out the color ¦ line Johnson will probably
be sorry he spoke." .<.'>:; .:.'.•
- The i Reliance | Athletic « Club - of Oakland
will resume its ; regular' monthly boxing
nights this month.. The attraction secured
by; Matchmaker George Mahoney for the
first show. Is Toby Irwin; and Billy Otts,
who are signed to box fifteen rounds next
Tuesday, evening. .There^haa i been no box-
Ing : In \ Oakland since last March. Pre
liminary .to. th« main event: Fred ,Ott», a
brother of Billy Otts, will try conclusions
with Danny Sullivan, .• whose ; victory , over
Fred : Landers, at the Nell-Forbes bou£,
•won I him nlany friends." "Young McCon
nell of the West Oakland- Club and Jim
Smith will box six round*. j
James J. Corbett and his , party will
leave for the East this, morning. With
him will be Mrs. Corbett, .Yank Kenny,
Professor Thomas Dare ' : : and John Mc-
Kenzie. They will make their first stop
at Chicago. Corbett had: several con
ferences with Jeffries recently und it is
probable the heavyweights ' will " be seen
in some exhibition -bouts- in- the East.
Will Be a Three-Quarter
Mile Affair as Out
lined.
Corbett and His Party
Start To-Day for
Chicago.
NEW SPEEDWAY
IS STAKED OUT
FIGHTERS LEAVE
FOR THE EAST
10
ADVEBTISEMIINTS.MEMBERS OF EXECUTIVE COM
MITTEE IN CHARGE OF ALAME
DA COUNTY CELEBRATION.
SAN i JOSE, Au*., • 18.— Peter Baltz, a real
dent of California : for fifty year*, and one of
the best-known men ¦ in San- Jose,' died this
evening-. He was a native- of France, , aged 73
years. He leaves a considerable estate.
PORTLAND, Ore., Aug. 18.— In tho
United States court to-day Judge Bellin
ger set aside the verdict of $22,500 award
ed by a Jury recently In the breach of
promise suit of , Miss Birdie N.' McCarthy,
a schoolteacher of Wayne, Mich.; against
James r Heryford, a banker and wealthy
cattleman ¦ of Lake County, Oregon; 'Miss
McCarthy ' sued for $70,000 damages," and
Ecme of the testimony Introduced at the
trial was- very sensational. ' - ' " ; "-* ' -:'¦
In setting "aside the verdict Judge Bel
linger said: ' ' . "
"My conclusion is that this verdict Js
so grossly excessive as to imply .that the
Jury acted under the influence of passion
or prejudice. A verdict for so ; large ' a
sum is unusual and I believe it to be
unprecedented." '-
FEDEBAL JUDGE SETS
ASIDE VEBDIOT OF JURY
OAKLAND, Aug. 18.— The following
marriage licenses were issued by the
County Clerk to-day: Phillip Rogers,
over 1:1, and Nellie Holmes, over IS. both
of Oakland; William V. Cowan, 25, and
I>c r.a ilaxsac, 24. both of Fort Jones, Sls
kiyou; Joseph J. Kricg. over 21, and Ag
nea S. Wolf, over IS. both of Alameda;
Arthur Ullner, 23, San Francisco, and
Roi-e Costa, 19, Oakland; Oliver M. Kel
hjg, over 21, and Mabel L. Morrin, over
U, both of Berkeley; Wlliam F. Dorsey,
r% Ean Francisco, and Annie Dorsey, #0,
Oakland. ';-. ,-i; ,
Marriage Licenses.
McCune had been drinking heavily for
several days and went to the Bellevlew
ranch last night very much intoxicated.
About 3 o'clock this morning he went
to the house where Riddle and a fellow
employe were sleeping and raised a dis
turbance in the yard. V nen asked what
he was doinj; McCune replied with an
oath and. attacking his questioner, was
shot with a shotgun. /
The'deceased was a single man- about
50 years of age and had been in Kern
County about twenty years.
BAKERSFIELD, Aug. 18.— John Mc-
Cune,. alias "Black Jack," a, laborer em
ployed by the Kern County Land Com
pany, was shot and killed at 3 o'clock
this morning by Louis Riddle a butcher
at the Bellevlew ranch, several miles
from Bakerefleld.
Raises Disturbance Outside a Ranch
House and Is Filled With
~ •' . Lead. ' ';->•;'£:
LIQUOR-CRAZED LABORER
IS KILLED BY A NEIGHBOR
; Now tome the, retailers and say: "Any
jobbers selling goods i to ; cut-rate dealers
will be boycotted "by all members of- the
Retail Grocers' and Merchants' Associa
tion." That Is. the substance of a resolu
tion unanimously adopted to-day.
The Jobbers believe that it is their
right to sell goods to whom they please,
and that the threatened action on the
part of the Retailers' Association will
have a tendency to drive the L03 An
geles jobbing trade to northern cities. It
ia tho old fight of the Retailers' Associa
tion against the rate-cutting non-associa
tion dealers being fought over on differ
ent lines. * Last year the wholesalers
agreed not to sell to the blacklisted "cut
ters," but somehow the bargain bidders
continued to get plenty of goods, al
though air ihe members of tho Wholesal
ers' Association - professed) an ignorance
of the source of supply. -Somebody was
selling to them and the wholesaler .who
was living up , to his, agreement began to
feel that he was getting the worst of it,
h«nce the • agreement . fell through and
the jobbers held a meeting and decided
to stand by each other and not be dic
tated to by the retailers. . , , . .
LOS ANGELES, Aug. 18.— The Retail
Grocers' and Merchants' Association of
California, which has been holding Its
annual' State convention here for two
days, has presented an ultimatum to the
wholesale grocers coupled with a threat
of a boycott. The demand is that unless
the jobbers agree not to sell to the rate
cutting, blacklisted retailers, all members
of the association will refuse to buy
goods of those Jobbers and boycott them
in so far as the association is able to do
it. It is the warmest fight the jobbers
have ever had to face, and an Important
meeting of the Southern California
Wholesale Grocers' Association has been
called for to-morrow to consider the de
mands.
» Special Dispatch to The Call,
NEWPORT. R. I., Aug. IS.— Krelgh
Collins and L. H. Waidner, the Western
doubles champions, furnished the sensa
tion of the first day of the national lawn
tennis tournament of the Casino courts
to-day by winning a straight? victory over
Holcombe, Ward and Leo E. Ware, the
Eastern champions.
The feature in the singles was the
match between W. J. Clothier and B. C.
Wright, which went to the Philadel
phian, ending in a runaway.
R. F. Dohcrty will not play at all in
the singles. He was scratched in favor
of B. F. Morrlll t»-day.
COLLINS AND WAIDNEB
BEAT EASTERN CHAMPIONS
Western Players Furnish First Day
Sensation at National Lawn
Tennis Tournament.
Decide to Present Ulti
matum to Wholesale
Dealers.
VANCOUVER, B. C, Aug. IS.— A Van
couver special from Dawson saya that
every available steamer 6f the lower Yu
kon is being commissioned. In an organized
effort to move the vast quantity of
freight at St. Michael, the transportation
of which has been delayed owing to low
water below Dawson. So far but three
downriver steamers have been able to
reach Dawson with shipping from St.
Michael.
Freight Blockade at St. Michaels.
RETAIL GROCERS
ON THE WARPATH
RAV.'LIKS, Wyo.. Aug. 18.— James Wil
liams, a convict, was shot to death in
his cell in the State penitentiary this
morning by Ernest Goodscll, night turn
key. Reaching through the bars, Wil
liams seized Goodsell and wrenched his
keys from his hand. After a struggle
GoodstH succeeded in drawing his revol
ver a.nd fchct the convict In the head.
"Williams, who was serving a sentence for
prand larceny, escaped from the prison
June 5 last, but was recaptured.
Inmate of Wyoming Penitentiary Is
Shot After Getting Possession
of Cell Keys.
TURNKEY KIIXS CONVICT
WHO ATTEMPTS TO ESCAPE
Joins the Faculty at Stanford.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, Aug. IS.—
Dr. J. R. Slonaker, lately of Chicago
University, has been appointed to the po
sition of assistant professor of physiology
at Stanford for the year 1903-1904. Pro
fessor Slonaker, accompanied by his fam
ily, arrived on the> campus to-day, ready
to take up the courses he will conduct
during tbe coming semester. Under his
charge will be some of the subjects here
tofore given by Drr R. . L. Wilbur, who
Is abroad on a year's leave of absence.
FRESNO. Aug. 18.— A meteor fell last
Saturday night near Del Rey. It passed
over the village at an altitude estimated
at from 200 to 300 feet Its fall was ac
companied by a loud whizzing noise and
the light from It was so bright that the
ordinary lamp would not cast a shadow.
It was like an immense ball of fire and
the atmospheric disturbance was sufficient
to cause trees to bend almost to the
ground. When the meteor struck the
ground it exploded with a report like a
rumble of thunder.
+ .M..M M-l-M' M' I .M»M"M"M-I"M- Q
tee will be 'augmented by a detachment
of cadet commissioned and non-commis
sioned officers commanded by Colonel
Henry de H. Walte.
The citizens' committee was represented
last night by Thomas Rlckard. W. H.
Waste and Guy Hyde Chick and the uni
versity committee' by President Wheeler,
Colonel Wane, Colonel George C. Edwards
and Dr. E. L. Morgan.
Explodes With Report Like Rumble
of Thunder When It Strikes
the Ground.
METEOR PASSES OVER
VILLAGE OF DEL REY
In Accident to Santa Fe Engine Vic
tim Is Blown One Hundred
and Fifty Feet.
ALBUQUERQUE. N. M., Aug. 18.-The
boiler of the engine pulling the east
bound limited on the Santa Fe exploded
at 6:15 this morning at the Maguire mine,
three miles from Kinsman. Engineer
Fitch was blown 150 feet and Instantly
killed. Fireman J. H. Bland was serious
ly injured. The holler was blown €00 fee|
ahead of the truck. The train was not
camaped and no erie else was hurt.
B0ILER EXPLOSION KILLS
ENGINEER AT ALBUQUERQUE
Oakland— Mayor Warren. Olney, Theodore
Gter, J.' C McMullen. John A. Britton. J. D.
Henneberry. Charles L. Smith.
San Leandro — Ik C. Morehouse. J. N. Frank.
Berkeley— J. W. . Richards. H. B. .Griffith,
F. W, Richardson. „ „ ' ,t
Washington Towruhip— C. F. Homer, Dr.
Jamea Walshe, Rev ¦ J. H. McCullougb.
Haywards — John McCoy. Charles W. Heyer.
San Lorenzo— Gove Roberts.
Alameda — Joseph Know land. Major C. I*. Tll
den. Dr. T. Carpenter. _
Murray Township— Dr. S. 1». Savage. W. A.
Wright. T. W. Harris. • '¦ ¦ „.
Transportation committee — Theodore Gler,
Edward Stearns. I. A., Benrtta.
BERKELEY, Aug; 18.— A Joint meeting
of a sub-committee of the Berkeley Citi
zens' G. A. R. Reception Committee and
a University of California committee last
night in"; President Wheeler's office ar
ranged ; the programme for Friday next,
when the veterans will come to Berkeley.
The visitors will be met at the university
gates upon : their, arrival 'from I Oakland at
2 o'clock j and shown * the ; points of Inter
est about the university = campus.
A band I concert will be given under the
oaks, to be followed by public speaking in
Harmon I Gymnasium, . .-when j President
Wheeler .will , preside. Generals Miles and
Black- will: speak; it^ Is expected, and the
dee club will sing:. The reception commit-
FINANCE COMMITTEE.
Oakland — Mayor Warren Olney,' J. W. Evans.
W S. Palmer, D. Edward Collins. -Theodore
Oier, J. C. McMullen. John A. Britton, I. A.
Beretta, Charles L. Smith. James D. Henne
berry. H. D. Rowe. J. Tyrrel, J. W. McCly
monds. v-
Berkeley— J. W. Richards, Captain J T.
Morrison, Friend W. Richardson. H. B. Qrif
flth. '
Alamefia--Dr. Thoma* Carpenter, Colonel R.
A Dague, Major C. L. .Ttlden, Joseph Ford
erer Colonel George S. Babcock.
Haywards— Mayor Charles W. Heyer. A. S,
Jones. A. L. Graham. P. Wilbert. John W.
Livermore-^G. Kennedy. Dr.. S. L. Savage,
W*. H. Wright. *
San Leandro — Joseph Barberrla, H. F. Eber,
S. Huff. •
Fleaeanton— Frank Lewis.
! rejected and the suggestion that every
body be charged half fare was finally
adopted. The tickets which the commit
tee will issue to guests permit the hold
ers to visit Haywards, San Leandro, Ala
meda, Piedmont Springs or Berkeley.
Extra cars will be placed on all of the
lines . and the crowd will be accommo
dated.
A special boat will leave San Francisco
at 9:30 a. m. and will convey the Grand
Army men and their friends to the Ala
meda County shore. At the foot'of Broad
way special cars will await the party and
the reception will begin. A communica
tion was read at the meeting, in which
it was stated that Company A of the
Veteran Reserves was to do escort duty.
Mayor Olney stated that only G. A. R.
organizaitons would be recognized in the
celebration and declined the offer of the
Veteran Reserves.
Representatives from Berkeley, Hay
wards and Alameda were present. John
McCoy of Haywards reported that tho.
Town Trustees had given $50 toward the
celebration and Dr. T. Carpenter of Ala
meda handed more than 1127 to the com
mittee.
Supervisor H. D. Rowe and Secretary
Edwin Stearns both. made valuable sug
gestions and before the meeting came to
a close every arrangement seemed to
have been completed.
• Friday Is to be a gala day in Oakland.
The visitors are to be entertained roy
ally and every citizen Is lending a hand
in making the brief stay of the strangers
a pleasant one. The school children have
responded nobly to the call for contribu
tions of food for luncheon and residents
of the outlying districts have done the
same. The executive committee Is as fol
lows:
EXECUTIVE \COMMITTEE.
Tromley begged for his life, the crowd
having placed a rope around his neck be
fore starting for the scene of violence.
After he had been tarred Tromley was
told to leave and return no more upon
penalty of harsher treatment. He went
to the house of Charles Stewart, a bach
elor, and, begging admittance, was given
coal oil with which to cleanse himself. He
then disappeared down the track toward
Portland.
HILLSBORO, Or., Aug. 18.-D. J. Trom
ley, who claims that he Is a private de
tective from Michigan, was last night
taken from the city jail by a crowd of
young men and treated to a liberal dose
of tar and feathers. For some weeks
Tromley has been stopping with a woman
who resides near the courthouse, and has
made himself very obnoxious to the la
dies who reside in the immediate vicinity.
He first claimed that he was a cousin of
the woman at whose house he lived, but
later claimed that they were married.
Tromley was dissolute, and* besides as
eaulting the Marshal one evening he was
threatened bthcrs with injury. He has
also been in the city Jail for drunkenness.
Tromley was wanted on a charge of dis
turbing the peace, as he had threatened
the life of .a citizen who was out of town,
alleging that he would kill him upon his
return. A message was sent to the house
at which he lives early in the evening and
Tromley came downtown accompanied by
the woman. When reaching the business
part of town he was arrested and placed
in the city Jail. Later a crowd broke into
the city hall building and between ten and
twenty young men took Tromley out of
the Jail, escorted him to the brickyard
east of town, stripped him and applied a
liberal coat of tar, after which they made
him roll over in a bed of feathers.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CLEVELAND, Aug. 18.— A mysterious
shooting which blotted out two lives oc
curred here, late to-night. A patrolman
walking on Broadway heard two revol
ver shots in the direction of Ashbel
street. Following the sound he stumbled
over the body of a well dressed man
about 24 years of age, with a revolver ly
ing near him. Close by lay the body of
an attractive young woman. Both were
dead, the woman shot through the right
temple, the man with a bullet hole be
hind the left ear. No one In the neigh
borhood knew either of them. The po
lice incline to the theory that It was a
case of murder and suicide. The bodies
have not been identified.
Mysterious Double Tragedy.
Citizens of Hillsborb Get
Rid of Troublesome.
Officer.
Destroy a Hungarian Banner and in
Battle With Police Three
Are Killed.
VIEXXA, Aug. IS.— A fresh outbreak of
rioting has occurred in Croatia. At Za
presslo upon the occasion of the celebra
tion of the birthday of Emperor Francis
Joseph to-day 1000 peasants gathered in
the town and destroyed a Hungarian ban
ner. The rioters were resisted by the
ceadarmerle, who killed three men and
renamed many others. At Komesina the
peasant! pillaged stores and stoned the
EDfiXaiT. who " killed two persons and
wounded a r.uxr.ber of rioters.
PEASANTS IN CROATIA
ARE AGAIN RIOTING
Dorsey found his family located in
Oakland, made satisfactory explanations
and to-day applied for a license to re
marry the wife of former days. The
Dorseys live at 614 Adeline street.
William Dorsey and hl3 divorced wife,
who had been parted for twenty years,
will remarry in this city to-morrow.
Dorsey left a young wife and three
small children a score of years ago and
went to South Africa to seek his fortune
in the gold fields.^ Nothing was heard
from him and it was finally decided that
he was dead. ' »
A short time ago Dorsey returned to
San Francisco. His baby girls had grown
into young women, and years had left
their imprint on the young wife he had
left behind him. In the meantime she
had secured a divorce. She did not marry
again, but rather than be in doubt as
to whetKer she had a husband or not aha
sued for a decree.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, Augr. 13.
GIVE DETECTIVE
A COAT OF TAR
William Dorsey, Mourn
ed as Dead, Comes
Back to Family.
Batteries — llcGlnnlty, Cronin and Bowerman;
Ewing and Peitz. Umpires — Emslle and Moran.
NEW YORK, Aug. 18.— The last game it the
series between New York and Cincinnati to-day
resulted in another victory for the visitors.
Ewing not only shut out hie opponents, but
fallowed them only one hit. Attendance. 4700.
Score :
R. H. E.
New York „ 0 10
Cincinnati 1 18 3
BOSTON. Aug. 18.— By EUperb pitching Lee
ver shut out Boston to-day. Willis kept Pitts
burgh hits fairly well scattered and both
pitchers were well supported. Attendance.
2245. Score: '
R. H. E.
Boston O 3 2
Plttaburg 3 9 1
Batteries — Willis 'and Moran; Leever and
Phelps. Umpire — Johnstons.
BROOKLYN. Aug. IS.— St. Louis finally won
a game here to-day. Although batted hard,
Jones would have won. his game but for the
poor fielding of McCreery. Attendance, 1500.
Score:
R. H. E.
St. Louis 8 10 1
Brooklyn « 14 3
Batteries — Brown and Ryan; Jones and Rlt
ter. Umpire — Hurst.
NATIONAL. LEAGUE
DETROIT. Aug. 18.— Detroit lost the double
header to New York to-day, giving the visitors
fourth place. Attendance, SOOO. Scores:
First game — R. h. E.
Detroit 0 7 2
New York 18 1
Batteries— Donovan and Buelow; Chesbro,
McFaxland and O'Connor.
Second game — R. H E
Detroit 1 g 3
New York 8 12 2
Batteries — Kissinger. Ekopec. Mullln and
McGuire; Tannehill and O'Connor.
ST. LOUIS, Augr. IS.— St. Louis lost the final
game of the eerjes with Philadelphia. Waddell
Pitched for the visitors and was effective with
men on bases. Attendance, 2100. Score:
R H E
St. Louis 3" io' l
Philadelphia 5 11 1
Batteries — Wright and Sugden; Waddell and
Echreck.
CLEVELAND, Aug. 18.— Cleveland's winning
streak was broken by Boston to-day. Young
was a. Duzzle with men on bases, while Dona
hue was hit hard. Attendance. S500. Score:
Cleveland 2" 8* 3
Boston 10 14 1
Bat ter^s— Donahue and Bemls; Toune and
Farrell.
CHICAGO, Aug. IS.— Timely hitting won for
the local*. Attendance, 1200. Score:
Chicago 3' g' j
Washington 14 2
Batteries— Patterson and Slattery; Wilson
and Kittredge.
WINNING STREAK IS
BROKEN BY BOSTON
Cleveland looses on Home Diamond,
Scoring Two Suns to Oppo
nent's Ten.
AMERICAN LEAGUE.
TUCSON, Ariz., Aug. 1S.-A Star special
from Nogales states that Francisco Mal
len, Mexican Consul at that place, who
has just returned from the City of Mex
ico, says there is no truth in reports that
the Mexican Government is arranging to
exclude Chinese from that country. While
it la the sentiment of the majority of
the people of Mexico that the Chinese
are an undesirable class of immigrants,
there la a treaty with China which runs
for several years yet which provides for
the admission, of citizens of China into
Mexico. Officials, however, are taking;
precautions to guard against a repetition
of the bubonic plague and will enforca
more rigid quarantine against the Chi
nese.
Consul Mallen believes that Mexico will
embrace the opportunity to exclude Chi
nese at the expiration of the present
tteaty.
Mexican Government Is at Present
Unable to Raise Bars Against
Asiatic Immigrants.
TREATY WITH CHINA
PBEVENTS EXCLUSION
MONTREAL, Aug. lS.-In an official
< x;lanation of the collision of the steam
f-r Empress of India and the Chinese
< rulser Huangtai, the Canadian Pacific
Railway officials say the two vessels
were running on parallel courses about
midnight when, without warning. the
captain of the Chinese cruiser suddenly
tried to cross the bow of the Empress
of India. The lattcr's captain Immediate
ly maneuvered so that the collision,
which he knew would be the result,
should be a plancing one. The blow of
the cruiser elid along the side of the
Empress, but the starboard propeller of
the Empress caught the cruiser and in
jured her so badly that she sank in a
few seconds.
PORTLAND, Or., Aug. lS.-The Em
press of India carried twenty-five cabin
pasrer.gers and 250 steerape passengers,
the latter being mostly Chinese. She
¦was under command of Captain O. P.
Marshall.
Sj feet beam and drew 20 feet of water.
The cruiser was built in England. Her
armament consisted of three 7-inch
Krupp guns, seven 4-pounders and six
nmail rapid-tire gun*, and she was fitted
with two torpedo tubes. She had a com-
I >!ement of 3uO men.
The Empress of India, also constructed
in England, is one of the finest vessels
of the Canadian Pacitic Company. She
is 440 feet long and of more than 3000
tons net register.
The Huangiai was a tender to the naval
engineering college of the Southern Chin
ese squadron at Nanking. She was of
2X19 tons displacement, 200 feet long, had
find thirteen of her crew were drowned.
'ihe Empress of India was badly dam
iigtil amidships. v
HONGKONG, Aug. IS.— The Canadian
I'acif.c Railroad's steamer Empress of
India, from Vancouver, It. C, July 27,
and Yokohama, August 10, for Hong
kong, collided near this port to-day with
the Chinese cruiser Huangtai. The war
ship sank an hour after the collision.
The Empress of India saved 170 of the
drear of the cruiser. The captain of the
lluar^tai, who refused to leave his ship.
SPOKANE. Wash., Aug. IS.— A special
to the Spokesman-Review from Buffalo
Hujnp, Idaho, says two little boys who
were lest in the woods for three days,
and who lived during that time on sal
mon berries and the raw flesh of wild
birds they caught, have been found by
some of the searching parties and have
been returned to their home here little
the worse for thnlr experience.
The bews are the sons of John Basin,
owner of a dairy. The eldest Is 10 years
old and his brother Is aged 8. The father
was away from home and on his return
he found both boys gone. He thought
nothing of their absence, believing they
were playing, until dusk, when he started
a search. The mother of the boys died
last winter, leaving five children. Three
of them were taken to the home of their
grandfather in Oregon to live.
Basin reported the absence of the boys
and searching, parties were organized.
Scores of men Joined in the search and
for days worked every foot of the heav
ily timbered hills in the vicinity. A3 the
days passed the number of searchers in
creased. Fears were entertained that the
children had starved. Finally a party of
the searchers found the two boys at a
point more than fifteen miles from their
home. They had wandered aimlessly
through the woods and over the hills
vainly seeking to find their way home.
Thcjr only food for the three days they
had been lost consisted of salmon berries
and the raw flesh of birds. They had
managed to capture a number of young
grouse, and having no means of mak
ing a fire- the boys had been compelled
to eat the flesh of the bird3 ra^. They
were tired, scared and hungry when
found, but no ill results are expected to
follow. The nights had been warm and
they did not suffer from cold and their
food, while meager, was ample and suffi
cient to sustain life. . There was a wild
jubilation in -camp when the boya were
brought back and returned to their father.
Special Dispatch to Ihe Call.
Commander of Huangtai Refuses to
Abandon His Charge and With.
Thirteen of His Sailors
Is Drowned.
Hits Chinese Cruiser Near
Hongkong and Sends Her
to Eo torn.
The commission awarded the company
damages for $523,178 64. The Salvadorean
Congress failed to appropriate money to
pay this claim. The State Department
made demands for payment, which were
Ignored, and it looked for a time as
though it would be necessary for the
United States to send a battleship to Sal
vador to compel the republic to live up to
the principle of arbitration.
This claim at one time -threatened to in
volve the United States and Salvador in
war. it arose through litigation concern
ing a corporation called El Triumfo. This
company secured a charter from the Gov
ernment for development of the port. The
Government interfered with the com
pany's operations and threw it into bank
ruptcy. The American stockholders ap
pealed to the United States to have their
rights protected and Salvador and the
United States agreed to submit the griev
ances of El Triumfo to a commission com
posed of Chief Justice Henry Strong of
Canada, Don Dickinson and Dr. Pacas
of Salvador.
The claim which the company, com
posed chieny of Americans held against
Salvador amounted to J323.178 64. At this
time the attorneys say they cannot make
public the amount which is to be paid in
full settlement of the claim until it is
acted upon by the Salvadorean Congress
but both parties are satisfied with the
agreement.
CALL, BUREAU, 1406 G STREET, N.
W.. WASHINGTON. Aug. lS.-After ne
gotiations which have been in progress
night and day for nearly three weeks
the claim of the Salvador Commercial
Company against the republic of Salva
dor was compromised to-day. Colonel
John P. Irish of San Francisco rep
resented the Salvador Commercial Com
pany in the negotiations and the Salva
dorean Government was represented by
Attorneys Hopkins & Hopkins of this
city and Scnor Lopez, the Salvadorean
Minister.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
RETURNS AFTER
TWENTY YEARS
Bruces Island is in the center of the
Arkansas River, contains about twenty
five acres, and is densely covered by tim
ber and thick underbrush. Posses of cit
izens left to-day for the scene of the
trouble from Fort Smith, Spiro, Mnldrew
and Fort Gibson.
A few days ago two farmers living near
Wilsons Rock, landed on Bruces Island
in search of plums and accidentally ran
into a camp in which there were two ne
gro men and a white giri about 12 years
old. They made some Inquiries about the
girl and the negroes said she was the
daughter of a white man who was trav
eling with them and who had gone to
Fort Smith tor provisions. The negroes
would not let the girl take part in the
conversation and this aroused suspicion.
A watch wa« kept on the negroes for
two days, but no white man appeared.
On Monday afternoon a party of farmers
decided to investigate the case and as
they neared the island they were flred
upon by the negroes. One of the party.
Roland by name, was killed.
A ' sharp fight was kept up for some
time, during which the girl escaped from
the negroes and ran to the white men.
She was so excited that she could not
give any Intelligent account of herself.
She said, ' however, that her father was
not traveling with the negroes, but that
she had been stolen^/rom her home near
Fort Gibson, I. T. She has been taken to
Muldrew. /
Roland, the dead man, was a compara
tive stranger at Wilsons Rock. /
FORT SMITH, Ark.. Aug. 13.-The kid
naping of a young white girl and the
killing of one of a posse lhat tried to res
cue her are the crimes charged against
a party of eight negroes, fortified to
night on Bruces Island, sixteen miles
west of here. The negroes are said to be
well armed.
Eight Well Armed Culprits
Fortify Themselves on
* Island.
Live on Salmon Berries and
the Uncooked Flesh
of Wild Bird3.
John P. Irish Successfully
Conducts the Final
Negotiations.
Two Young Boys Wan
der Off During Ab
sence of Father.
Republic Will | Pay • El
Triumfo Company
Award.
Fire Upon and Kill
Member of Rescue
Party.
ception of the veterans -on Friday were
consummated and the various committees
reported progress and , satisfaction at
every hand.
It is estimated that 10,000 Grand Army
Veterans, members of their families and
guests will visit Oakland and its suburbs
on Friday, Alameda County day. Mayor
Olney, as chairman of the committee on
programme, reported that, the various
Grand Army posts of Alameda County
were to act as escorts to the visitors and
were to meet them at the corner of Nine
teenth street' and Broadway. From this
point the guests will go to Lake Merrltt,
where, at the Willows. luncheon will be
served and tickets for transportation
about the county distributed. The Oak
land Transit Consolidated made a propo
sition to transport-free of charge all per
sons wearing Q. A. R. buttons and to
ask full fare from all others. This was
OAKLAND,. Augr. 18.— The Alameda
County committee met thl$ after
noon in the offices of the Board of
Trade. All commltteemen were
present and Mayor Olney occu
pied a seat to the rteht of Chairman J.
W. Evans. Plans and details for the re-
Citizens Have Prepared a Programme That Includes Trips to
Suburban Towns/ and a Special Boat Will Garry Visitors to
Oakland, Where Picnics and General Hospitality Will Abound
* — : 1~ h _, __ l_ +
LOST IN WOODS
FOR THREE DAIS
NEGROES KIDNAP
A WHITE GIRL
Pacific Liner Empress of
India Collides With
War Vessel.
CAPTAIN GOES
DOWN WITH
SINKING SHIP
SALVADORE CLAIM
IS COMPROMISED
ALAMEDA COUNTY DAY PROMISES
THE VETERANS A JOYFUL OUTING
THE SAJS FKANOISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, AUGUST 19, 1903.
11
ADVEBTISEMEirrS. /
rjTtfr m BliilfOBw*,. jf*L Every mother feels a
LrA? of her life. Becoming \
a mother should be a source of joy to all, but the suffering and
danger incident to the ordeal makes its anticipation one of misery.
Mother's Friend is the only remedy which relieves women of the great
paia and danger of maternity ; this hour which is dreaded as woman's
tevcrefit trial is not only made painless, but all the danger is avoided
by its use. Those who use this remedy arc no longer despondent or
gloomy; nervousness, nausea and other distressing conditions aro
overcome, the system is made ready for the coming event, and the
tcrious accidents so common to the critical
Hour are obviated by the use . of - Mother's ||J|/fr&'Bf}igXKfe9£>
Friend. "It is worth its weight in gold," twi@iS|ia~3
tsys many who have used it. $1.00 per ifivaBBwa V
bottfe at drug stores. Book containing
valuable information of interest to all women, will fi^HkH d\ Whdtii
fe eent to any address free upon application to ||| Ba™|iw||
CRAOFIELD REGULATOR GO., Attanta. 12a- S M iVIB\fl
I ADVERTISEMENTS.
TON^TGET IN^SWEAT
Perspiration — "sweat" is what thc Bible and we common people call
it— is a way nature has of driving out of the body refuse that has no
business there. We sweat more in summer, because, in the over-
heated bowels, undigested food ferments more quickly than in winter
and produces irritating acids and gases. The bowels, overworked, try
to relieve themselves Dy violent convulsions, causing terrible gripes
//d£&/j&!>' anc^ colics, and diarrhoeal discharges so
A /Jb^^^^* acid as to make you sore, and leaving
t * le intestines weak and worn out. Na-
li/li*^s^""^^5S§^' turc ass ' sts body-cleaning by
M«S^a^Snv sending the filth out through
the pqres of the skin. It is not
/AiiS^gF^l&BMjw/lllft sa^ e to sto P perspiring alto-
/ r/!A Yf\ J^^mgJFIl! I lit A £ etnc . r ut most °* l^ e » m P urc
f- * 2f J f**$t I Wh'l I I lll\ matter snou^ De scnt out by
\y \ n *^\ \ I/1////I tn c natural movements of the
\ \ wfcllM& Mil I/I/I bowe ! 3 ' an^ thc offensive, ill-
I I ffi \Z >Siai **jMl lull lllli sme^i n o» linen-staining sweat
A^l Jtl \^ JLliBllf / // II H'l I done away with. Keep your
O^JI %rfri^^' A bowels strong all summer with
Qulfl "tMiTiill'p^PwLf Jffl&< l^ c pleasant, candy cathartic
j A^^^j'^K CASCARETS, that clean the.
\SHaBar\. system and don't allow the ex- ¦
W^yv^AJ^Yfiia crement to be sweated out
vt \r' v^ %ila tnrou gh the pores. Take a
rl V% If •***"* fi\1nl f aD^ et every night, before go-
* f I » / y ||\ |m ing to bed. They work while
C " Jr\ y y° u sleep and make you feel
/?lt»T«»-W*»». Best for. the Bowels. All 4rugr!ata, tec, 13c, sac Never eold la but*.
¦ lArAlJ/jJajQ5Jui The genuine tablet stamped C C C. Guaranteed to cure or you*
\»**r 1 *sivu*rWv*p aonty back. Sample and booklet free. Address :
Sterling Remedy Co., Chicago or New York (53 IHOLYOKE, Mass.. Aug. 18.— The big strike
of the Holyoke papermakers, ' which has been
on . since - June 15. came to an end to-night
when -Eagle Lodge of. the International Broth
erhood of Papermakers voted to return to work
on ; Thursday morning and declare the strltte
OA • ¦ ... ¦ . ¦ ¦;- ¦ ; .
A dispatch was received last night by
the local police , from | Portland to the ef
fect that Yee Ong Yee, suspected of hav
ing attempted the life of .Wong Bee Chung
in this" city in May, 1902, was captured.
The suspect made his escape at the tim'e
aryi, has succeeded. in eluding' his pursu
ers ever since.; ; A reward of $100 will' be
paid to his _captors .' ' :
Suspected Murderer Caught.
. "We are headquarters for souvenir postal
cards, view books, maps, orange and red
wood panels and kelp novelties, etc. San
born, Vail & Co.. 1*1 Market . street. •
Souvenirs of California.
The British steamer Coptic sailed yesterday
for Hongkong via x Honolulu, Yokohama and
Manila with a general r merchandise cargo
valued at $178,083. .exclusive of treasure, and
distributed as follows : For Japan. $51,404 ;
Manila, $48,162; China, $75,100; East Indies,
$2804; Korea, $1121; Slam. 1646; .Vladivostok,
$75C. The leading exports were as follows;
To Japan — 3S35 bbls flour, 15 pkgs fresh
fruits. $U04 pkgs groceries and provisions, 4525
lbs sugar. 138 cs canned goods, 300 lbs meals,
5 pkgs onions. 761 lbs ham and bacon, 1800 lbs
candy, '34S4 gals 10 cs wine, 2 cs whisky,- 2
pkgs and 218 bottles drugs, 21 pkgs machin
ery, 117 pkja bicycles and sundries, -11 pkj»
Merchandise for the Orient.
Eranrh Hydrographlc Office, U. S. N., Mer
chants'. Exchange, San Francisco, Cal.,
' August 18, 1003,
The time : ball on the Ferry building was
dropped exactly at. noon to-day, i.e.. at noon
of the 120th meridian, or at 8 p. m. Greenwich
time. . J. C. BURNETT.
. - Lieutenant. U. 8. N., in Charge.
Time Ball.
The French ship Biarritz was chartered prior
to arrival for wheat to Europe at 21s 3d.
The British bark Blackbraes Is chartered for
wheat and barley to Europe at 16s 3d' and the
British ship Matterhorn for barley to Antwerp
direct »t 15s lid. •
The. British ship Claverdon loads lumber on
Puget Sound for Port Plrle at 27s Cd,
Hatters of Interest to Mariners and
Shipping Merchants. .
NEWS OF THE OCEAN.
WEDNESDAY, AUGUST 19.,
Sun rises 5:28 a. m.
Sun sets (J:58 p. m.
Moon rises 1:46 a. m.
O ITlme iTlmel Time Time
p Ft. Ft. Ft. Ft.
." |L Wl III W L W ¦ ' H W
10 2:20—0.3 0:32 4.6 2:10 2.7 8:17 8.8
20 3:12—0.510:18 4.8 3:07 2.5 9:17 ti.O
21 8:5!)— 0.7 11:00 5.1 4:00 2.1 10:14 6.0
22 4:42—0.7 11:40 5.4 4:50 1.8 11:00 5.9
23 5:27—0.5 12:17 , 5.6 6:42 1.5
H W L W H W L W
24 0:01. r>.8 «:12 —0.1 12:53 .5.7 rt:35 1.3
25 0:55 5.5 «:5« 0.4 ; 1:34 5.7 7:30 1.1
NOTE — In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given In the lett
hand column and the successive tides of the
day In the order of occurrence as to time; the
fourth time column gives the 'last tide of the
day, except when there are but three tides, as
sometimes occurs. The heights given are In
addition. to the soundings of tlu United States
Coast Survey Charts, except when a minus ( — )
sign precedes the heights, and then the number
given Is subtracted -from: the depth give* by
the charts. The plane of reference Is the mean
of the lower low waters. .
The detectives were engaged | yesterday
looking for pickpockets and bunko men
among the crowds, on the streets. De
tectives Ryan and Taylor arrested Mat
thew Cushlng; alias "Kid" Donnelly and
Martin Griffin, in the Palace Hotel court
yard and locked them up in "the -tanks."
They were observed making signs to each
other. Detectives Taylor and Mulcahy ar
rested Frank, Vogt at the Lick House.
Vogt was steering E. Relley, from Colusa
County, to a room when the officers ob
served him. He will be detained till the
close of the encampment." ',
J. B. Greeley was arrested last even
ing by Detecftve Reynolds and Tom Gib
son and his name was entered upon the
detinue book. The detectives observed
Greeley trying to pick pockets in the vi
cinity of. Market and Third streets and
promptly took him Into custody.
Detectives Are Kept Busy All Day
Placing Suspicious Characters
Under Arrest.
NUMEROUS BUNKO MEN
LODGED IN THE TANKS
On Sunday, August 23, the California North
western Railway will run an excursion to
Uklah. Each ticket sold Insures a seat, for
the company will not sell a single ticket above
the number of seats provided. Time of de
parture from Tlburon ferry will be 8:30 a. m.,
and from Ukiah on the return 5 p. m. • Train
will not stop In transit. Fare for the round
trip only $2. Tickets will be on sale commenc
ing Monday, August 17, at ticket offices, 050
Market street (Chronicle building) and Tlburon
ferry. ¦ . . •
Reserved Seat Excursion.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey —
Time and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent. ' .
NOTE — The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street --'larf) about 25
minutes later than at Fort Point: the height of
tide Is the same at both places. .
Sun, Moon and Tide.
TO SAIL.
Steamer. Destination. Sails. Pier.
Amount 10. I "
i- 1 " 00 Coqullle River 6 pm Pier 2
laqua Humboldt 9 am Per 2
S!Tt^ le i bl i* £ U8et SoUnd Ports - U am Pl * r »
Centennial. Seattle & Tacoma. 6 pm Pier 2
Auipant 2O.
F Leggett. Portland Way Pts 5 pm Pier 10
Alliance.... Eureka & Coos Bay 10 am Pier 16
C. Nelson.. Log Angeles Ports. 10 am'Pler 2
A a ro,£ " » urnboldt • I 4 pm! Pier 2
Ar " !c - Humboldt 12 m Pier 10
S. Monica.. Grays Harbor 4 pm Pier 2
Pomona {Humboldt l:30pPler 9
Argo....... Eel River Ports.... 4 pm Pier 2
State of Cal J san Diego & Way. 9 am Pier 19
Mincewaska xew York direct.. .. Pier —
„ M , Antrimt 21. |
ReHonao... Log Angeles Ports. 6 pmjPier 2
Centralia... Log Angeles Ports. 10 am Pier 10
NorthFork. Humboldt 5 pmlPler 2
Coos Bay... Newport & Way.. 9 am Pier 1»
Columbia.. J Astoria & Portland 11 am Pier 24
Ansrnftt 22.
S. Portland Astoria & Portland 5 pm Pier . .
Chehalls... Grays Harbor 3 pm Pier 2
8. H.irbara. Seattle & Olympia 4 pm Pier 'I
Eureka Humboldt 12 m Pier 13
Barraccuta. x y. via Panama 12 m Pier 40
Aucn«< 2:t.
S. Rosa san Diego & Way. 9 am Pier 19
Corona Humboldt l:30pPler 9
AiiKiiKt 24. |
Nebratkan. Honolulu & Kahului 3 pm Pier 20
Pt. Arena., point Arena 4 pm Pier 2
Umatllla... Puget Sound Ports.lll amlPler 9
Ansruftt 25.
Kor.it a Newport Way Pts. 9 am Pier 19
Arcata Coos B.&Pt Orford]l2 mPler 13
G. W. Eldei Astoria & Portland 11 am Pier 24
A. Maru... China & Japan 1 pm Pier 40
Rival Willapa Harbor 4 pm Pier 2
AuKURt 27.
Newburg... Grays Harbor .... 4 pm Pier 10
Sierra Sydney & Way Pts 2 pmlPler 7
.T. Dollar... Seattle & Tacoma. 10 am|PIer 2
Ralrler.... Seattle & Whxtcom 4 pm Pier 2
AutcuMt 28.
Silesia Hamburg Way Pts 2 pm Pier 27
FROM SEATTLE.
Steamer. f . For. ¦ I Sails.
Portland J Nome & St. Michael.. I Aug. 20
Dlrigo Pkagway & Way Ports Aug. 20
City Seattle. . Skagway & Way Ports Aug. Zl
Humboldt..,. Skagway & Way Ports Aug. 22
Nome City. . . Cooks Inlet & Way Pts Aug. 23
Farallon Skagway & Way Pts.. Aug. 26
Cottage City.. Skagway & Way Ports Aug. 27
City Topeka. . Skagway & Way Ports Aug. 29
The special election to be held September
29 to decide upon the Issuance of bonds for im
provements to the amount or $18,135,000 Is the
most lmportnat question beftre the people to
day. That these Improvements are essential
to the proper growth and development of the
city is generally conceded. Public opinion dif
fers as to whether conditions warrant Incur
ring this Indebtedness at the present tlmo. Be
fore voting upon the question of the proposed
Improvements, every voter should give the
matter his most careful study. The only thing
to be considered Is what Is best for San Fran
cisco. Irrespective of personal or political dif
ferences. Selected speakers will address the
meeting to present both sides of the question.
A general discussion will follow. The City En
gineer will be present to answer any Inquiries
regarding the proposed Improvements. Mem
bers of the association and their friends will
please take seats on the floor of the hall. The
general public will be admitted to the gallery.
A special meeting of the Merchants* As
sociation will be held In Golden Gate
Hall, 625 Sutter street, Tuesday evening
next, for the purpose of discussing the
proposed bond issue. In a call which will
be sent out to-day for the meeting the
following announcements are made:
Both Sides of Issue Before People
Have Champions Under Engage
ment to Address Meeting.
MERCHANTS' ASSOCIATION
ARRANGES BOND DEBATE
PORT TOWNSEND — Passed In Aug 18 — Br
ship Laurlstcn, for Seattle.
ASTORIA — Arrived Aug 17 — Stmr. Aurella,
hence Aug. 14, and not bktn Amelia, as re
ported. Aug IS— Stmr Geo W Elder, hence
Aug 16. Aug 17 — Schr Prosper, from San
Pedro.
SEATTLE— Sailed Aug 17— Stmr Dolphin,
for Skagway: stmr Santa Ana.' for Valdez.
Arrived Aug- 1!*— Stmr Geo' Loom Is. hence
Aug 15. -
PORT CLARENCE— In port July 25— Whal
stmr Wm Baylies, coaling. "« • *.' ¦ . . . • ' •-
TIN CITY— Sailed July 2$>— Schr Laura Mad
sen, for St Lawrence Island.
NOME — Sailed July 25— Whal stmrs ¦ Belve
dere and " Thrasher, for Arctic. • ::t
Arrived July 29— Stmr Sequoia, from Se
attle. - July. 31-rSchr Inca, , from Newcastle,
Aus; echr Barbara Hernster. :from Siberia.
Aug 2 — Stmr Tamplco, from Seattle. \
TATOOSH — Passed In Aug IS — Stmr Cone
maugh. from Nome, for Seattle. ..:-¦. . •
Passed la Aiie 18— Ger ship, Alice, .from
Hongkong. '.."''
Passed out Aug IS— Stmr Mackinaw, for San
Francisco.
vonr BRAGG— Sailed Aug 18— Btmr, Na-
DOMESTIC PORTS,
POINT LOBOS,- Aug 18, 10 p m— Weather
foggy;. wind W. velocity 20 miles per hour.
TELEGRAPHIC.
SAILED.
. Tuesday, August 18.
Btmr San Gabriel, Hamilton, Eureka.
Stmr Bonita, Albertson, San Pedro.
Stmr Coronado, Peterson, San Pedro.
Stmr. Arcata. Nelson. Coos Bay. ,
Btmr Greenwood, Johnson.- Caspar.
Stmr. A lcatraz, Carlson, Greenwood. .
Stmr Gipsy, Leland, Santa Cruz.
Br stmr Atholl, Porter, -Yokohama and
Hongkong.
Br stmr Coptic, Rlnder, Hongkong, etc.
Nor bark Bonaflde, Olsen, Herbertsholl.
Bktn ' Tain G'Snanter. Slmmle, Columbia
River.
Schr Alcalde, Peterson. Grays Harbor.
Schr Bella. Jannson, Sluslaw River, i
Tuesday, August ,18.'
Stmr City of Puebla, Jepsen, Victoria, etc;
Pacific Ccast SteamshlD Co.
13r s"tmr Coptic, Rlnder, Honolulu, Yokohama
and Hongkong; O & O SS Co.
Br . stmr Atholl, Porter,. Yokohama and
Hongkung; China Com SS Co.
Br Hchr Azalene, Casson, La Union; Otlk,
McAllister & Co.
CLEARED.
Tuesday, August IS.
Stmr Pomona, Swanson, 17 hours from Eu
reka,
Stmr Columbia, Doran, 55 hours from Port
land, via Astoria 43U hours.
Stmr Coqullle River, . Dart, 34 hours from
Eureka.
Stmr Whlttsboro, Olsen, 12 hours from Point
Arena.
Stmr Santa Cruz, Hansen, 12 hours Jrom
Moss Landing. -
Stmr Enterprise. Miller, 0 days 21 hours
15 minutes from Hilo.
Stmr Newsboy. Adler, 17 hours from Men
dorlno.
Stmr Coronado, Peterson, 66 hours' from
Grays Harbor; bound eouth; put in to land
passengers.
Stmr Argo, Dunham, 24 'hours from Eel
River.
Stmr Despatch, Levlnsbn, 65 hours from
Portland.
Stmr North Fork, Nelson. 27 hours from
Eureka.
Barge Santa Paula, Pllle. 2 days from Ven
tura. In tow tug Rescue; up river direct.
Schr Bessie K, Merrlam, 19 hours from San
Vlctnte Landing. /
Schr San Buenaventura, Holmbern, 5 days
from Coos Bay; up river direct.
Schr Chas W. Walker. 5 hours from Bollnas.
Schr W F Jewett, Petersen, 8 days • from
Grays Harbor.
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED
The Norwegian bark Bonaflde sailed yester
day for the Bismarck Archipelago with an as
sorted merchandise, cargo consigned to Ma
tupl, valued at |20,6S0, and including the fol
lowing:
488 cs assorted canned goods, 100 kegs beef,
20 bbls pork. 50 cs flour. 44 pkgs groceries
and provisions. 205 cs canned 10 kegs pickled
salmon, 2500 lbs sugar. 1000 lbs lentils, 1000
lbs meals, 333,950 ft lumber, 4 spars, 21K0
gals gasolme, 12.780 gals distillate, 1 launch.
13 pkgs wagon and carriage material, 16 pkgs
stoves and fixtures, 4 cs paints 8 pkgs mill
work, 2 cs saddlery, 3 pkgs hardware, 1 cs
clocks and 195 cs cartridges.
Exports for South Sea Islands.
The rteam whaler Alexander lost six of her
o»w July 24 at the Teller reindeer Etatlon.
The rr.en <Wert»"1. and th£t in. Fplte of the
fm-t that mate W. S. Varnum. with a loaded
n?.e. wes en guard to prevent any one leaving
Desert From Whaler.
The names of two vessels were added yes
terday to the overdue list. The Aristides. out
M days from Coleta Bu«>na for this port, is
quoted at ]rt jv>r c»rit. and the *air.«» rate is
«iffere<J on th*- lladeleinp, out 17<J days from
Antwerp for Tacoma. Th» rates on the other
overdues rr-main the same: The Cobert. 20 per
rent; Milton Park, 1'> per cent; Helen Brewer,
bO i*r cent.
Additions to Overdue Fleet.
to arrive.
Steamer. j From. '• I Due.
Alliance I Portland &. Way Ports. Au^. 19
Iaijua | San Pedro Aug. 19
Hero ! Oyster Harbor Aug. 19
Mackinaw....! Tacoma Aug. -19
Phoenix Mendocino Aug. 20
Mineola Taroma | Aug. 20
Eureka Humboldt |Aug. 2U
S.Monica Pan Pedro lAug. 20
Santa Rota... San Diego & Way Pts.JAUK. 20
Uroatilla .. Pugret Sound Ports !Aug. 20-
Acapulco New York, via Panama !Aus. 20
Redondo Humboldt {Aug. 21
Corona Humboldt (Aug. 11
Point Arena.. Mtndccino & Pt. ArenalAug. 21
Centralia Grays Harbor Aug. 21
Chehalis i 6an Pedro |Aug. 22
S. Barbara... f-an Pedro jAug- 22
Czarina . ... Coos Bay . Aug. 22
Rival Willapa Harbor |Aug. TZ
Kainler Seattle & Whatcom. ..lAug. 22
Bonita Newport & Way Ports, j Aug. 23
Newburg Grays Harbor iAug. %i<
J. Dollar S»att'.e & Tacoma lAug. 23
G. W. Elder.. Portland &. Astoria (Aug. 23
Argo Eel River Ports I Aug. 24
Pomona Humboldt Aug. 24
Arcata Coos Bay & Pt. Orford. Aug. 24
State of Cal.. San Diego & Way Pts. Aug 24
fcllesia Seattle Aug ':.* i
Korea China & Japan Aug. 25
Queen Puget Sound Ports Aug. 25
peru New York via Panama Aug. 2tt
Coos Bay. Newport & Way Ports. Aug. 26
North Fork... Humboldt Aue •»«
Curacao Mexican Ports . .. . .".".' Au|.' 27
Columbia Portland & Astoria.... Axis 2S
Luxor Hamburg & Way Pts. Aug 28 i
Movements of Steamers.
According to dispatches received yesterday
from the north a heavy ¦ storm visited Cape
Nome August 3 and wrouyht considerable
damage. The little steamer Hetty B and the
Fchooner Arthur B were drawn ashore, a fate
¦which befell a number of lighters. The steam
ship Oregon, which reached Nome that day.
had to put to sea for safety. She rode out the
storm and returned later. The schooner Inca.
¦which reached Nome July 29, lost her fore
topmast during the voyage.
Storm at Nome.
Miss Freda Beckman, an employe of
the dead man, was standing in the door
way of the store and witnessed the acci
dent. Deceased was a native of England,
aged 3*6 years.
He resided with his wife at 1761 Fill
more street, and also conducted another
establishment in the Mission. S. S. Kapp,
motorman of the car, was arrested by-
Patrolman Gleason and booked at the
Hall of Justice on a charge of man
slaughter.
The accident occurred a few minutes
after 6 o'clock, as the unfortunate man
was in the act of, climbing up the steps
of the car. He was burdened with a
heavy bucket of icecream, which necessi
tated the use of both of his hands, and
had just reached the top step, -when the
car started suddenly. He was precipi
tated to the pavement, striking on his
head. hands bore him to his store
and Dr. ftoss was summoned. Ah exami
nation developed the fact that the in
jured man had, sustained a fractured skull
and, despite the efforts of the physician,
he died at 6:30 p. m.
The Coroner was notified, but the body
was not removed to the Morgue.
Arthur "Winhall, proprietor of a candy
Etore at 1761 Fillmore street, while en
deavoring to' board car 756 of the Fill
more-street line at Sutter street last even
ing was thrown to the street through the
sudden starting of the car and received
Injuries from which he died a short time
afterward.
Hurled to Pavement and . Sus
tains Fracture of Skull.
Arthur Winhall, a Confectioner, Is
FAIJLS FROM ELECTEIC CAR
AND IS FATALLY INJURED
electrical supplies, 3 cs arms and ammuni
tion, £5 bzs soap, 5 cs paints, 38 cs boots and
shoes, 100 flasks quicksilver, 102 pkgs agricul
tural Implements, 101 pkgs leather, 12 cs type
writers.
To Manila— 1077 bbls flour, 9720 lbs meals.
22,290 lbs beans, 7630 lbs lard, 2227 cs assorted
canned Koods, 2730 lbs cheese, 6G00 lbs bread.
16,100 lbs coffee. 50 cs salad oil. (5 ca liquors.
170 pkgs groceries and provisions, 101 pkgs
fresh fruit, 415,425 ft lumber. 22 pkgs machin
ery. 5 rolls leather. 341 pkgs pipe and fittings,
f.O pkgs building material, 10 pkgs electrical
supplies, 11 cs boots and shoe*, 28 cs type
writers, 4 pkgs drugs, 30 cs paints, 15 pkgs
paper, 3 pkgs bicycles.
To-China— 12,395 bbls flour. 625 lbs dried
fruit. 2tx> lbs 2 cs meals, 154 pkgs fresh
fruits, 109 cs canned goods, 1500 lbs hops, 180
lbs raisins, 1150 lbs shrimps, 04 pkgs groceries
and provisions, 500- lba peas, "00 bxs pearl
barley, t-00 lbs codfish. 3348 lbs cheese, 4000 lbs
beans, 541 lbs ham and' bacon, 20 ex salmon,
2 cs honey, 35 cs salad oil, i 1000 lbs ginseng,
6C0 csks bottled bee*. 4825' :lbt. .tobacco. 25,tS50
lbs grease, 35 pkgs machinery, 4 cs boots and
shoes, 9 pkgs dry goods. -4 cs cigarettes, 2U37
lbs starch. 112O lbs soda, -12 cs typewriters, 4
cs electrical supplies.- •*•
To East Indies — 428 cs • assorted canned
goods. 74 cs salmon, 24 pkgs groceries and pro
visions, 3 cs assaying material.
To Korea — 60 cs canned goods. .11 pkgs gro
ceries and provisions, 440 lbs dried fruit,
1560 lbs meals 6C0 lbs sugar, 3 ¦ cs drugs, 2
cs leather, 3 pkgs dry goods.
To Siam — 103 pkgs groceries and provisions
and 5 cs drucs and sundries.
To Vladivostok — 125 pkgs fresh fruit and 5
pkrs machlnery-
The British steamer Atholl sailed yesterday
for Hongkong via Yokohama. Kobe and Mojl
with a general cargo, valued at $47,53S, and
distributed as follows: For Japan, $9504;
China, $37,874; India. $100. The principal ex
ports were as follows: • . . * .
To Japan — 500 bbls flour. 3720 lbs meals, fifl
pkffs groceries and provisions, 112 rolls 3 ex
leather. 23 cs paints. 55 pkgs hardware. ' .
To China— 8000 bbls flour. 12.166 lbs dried
fish, 68 pkgs seaweed, 0724 lbs brass, 106 pkgs
old Ela&s.
To India— 25 cs canned salmon.
German and Italian merchants
at Cludad Bolivar, Venezuela (which port
was recently recaptured from the rebels
by President Castro's troops), for refus
ing President Castro's demand for the
payment of taxes already paid to the de
facto Government. President Castro de
mands the payment of arrears for the
9 -I-H-l-I-I-I-I-W-H-i-H-I-I-K":-!":-!-!-!
•i +
PORT OF SPAIN, Trinidad, Aug.
18. — Authentic information was re
ceived this morning announcing
the Imprisonment of French,
ROCKHAVEN, Aug 18 (wireless report)—
Stmr Ivernio, from Bcston, for Queenstown
and Liverpool, seventy miles west of Fast
net at U p m. . v • - •
CHERBOURG— Arrived Aug. 18— Stmr Graf
Waldersee, from New York, via Plymouth, for
Hamburg, and proceeded.
ST MICHAELS— Sailed Auk 18— Stmr Van
couver, from Genoa and Naples, for Boston.
LIVERPOOL— Sailed Auk 18— Stmr Carfa
thla. for New York.
OCEAN STEAMERS
NEW YORK— Arrived Auk 18— Stmr Vic
torian, from Liverpool; stmr Germanla, from
Naples.
Sailed Ausr 18 — Stmr Bovic, for Liverpool;
stmr Nord' Amerlka, for Naples and Genoa;
stmr Auranla. for Liverpool; stmr Sicilian
Prince, fur Naples, etc. '""
MARSEILLES — Arrived Auk 15 — Stmr Ma&
sllla. from New York.
NAPLES — Arrived Auk ! 17— Stmr Victoria,
from New York.
OPORTO— Sailed Aug 13— Stmr Patria, for
New York. ¦
MOUORAN— Arrived July 2S— Br Btmr As
cot, from. Tacoma. and sailed Auk 2 for Liv
erpool.
COLOMBO— Arrived July 29 — Br stmr Nlng
Chow, from Liverpool, for Seattle.
FALMOUTH— Arrived Auk 15— Br «hip Ra-
Jore, from Vancouver.
NAGASAKI— In port Auk 4 — Br stmr Ver
mont, fcr San Francisco.
PORT ARTHUR— Arrived Auk 3— Ger stmr
Eva, from Pcrtland, Or.
PUNTA ARENAS— Sailed Auk 2— Ger Btmr
Memphis, for Hamburg.
ROTTERDAM— In port , Auk 4 — Br ship
Hnrtfield. for Antwerp and San Diego.
USHANT — Off port July 31 — Ger stmr Ser
bia, from Hamburg, for San Francisco. '
YOKOHAMA— Arrived Aug 18 — Jap stmr
Nippon Maru, hence July 31.
GUATEMALA— Sailed Aug 18— Ger stmr
Luxor, for San Francisco.
SYDNEY— Arrived prior to Aug 15— Br ship
Euphrates, from Tacoma.
BEACH Y HEAD— Passed Aug 2— Ger Btmr
Ncko. from Hambur?, lor San Francisco.
BRISBANE— Arrived Aug 1*— Br stmr Mio
wera, from Vancouver. - 1
LIVERPOOL — Arrived Auk 17— Ger bark
Schurbek. from Chemalnus.
LONDON— In port Aus 6— Br stmr Calchas,
for Seattle.
MOJI— Sailed July 28 — Br stmr Indravelll,
for Portland.
FOREIGN PORTS.
PHILADELPHIA— Arrived Auk 17— Stmr
OreKonlan. from Honolulu. . . -
NEW YORK— Arrived Auk 17— Stmr Yuca
tan, from Colon.
EASTERN PORTS.
ISLAND PORTS.
HILO— In port Augr 0— Bark St Katherlne.
schr Jas Rolph, U S stmr Iroquols and «chr
Bertie Minor.
HONOLULU— Arrived Aug 3— Bark Albert,
hence Aug 3.
MAR8HFIELD— Arrived Augr 18— Stmr Czar
ina, hence Auk 16.
KUREKA— Arrived Auk 18— Stmr Corona,
hence Aug 17; stmr Eureka, hence Aug 17.
WHATCOM— Sailed AUk IS— Stmr Rainier,
for San Francisco.
PORT HARFOnD— Sailed Au* 18— Stmr
Coob Bay, for San Francisco.
PORT GAMBLE— Sailed Au« 18— Chll bktn
Alta, for Melbourne. I
TACOMA- Sailed Ausr IS— Stmr Mackinaw,
for San Francisco.
VENTURA— Arrived Auk 18— Strar Santa
Monica, from San Pedro.
Sailed Aue 18 — Stmr Santa Monica, for San
Francisco.
SAN PEDRO — Arrived Auk 18 — Stmr South
Bay, from San Dieso; stmr Chehalls. hence
Aug 16; ntnar Ruth, from Westport.
Sailed Aue- 18 — Stmr South Bay, for San
Francisco; bktn Chas F Crocker, for Port
Townjsend.
MENDOCINO— Arrived Aug 18— Stmr Phoe
nix, hence Aug 17.
REDONDO— Sailed Aug 18— Schr Samar. for
Port Townsend.
ABERDEEN— Arrived Auk 18— Stmr G C
Llndauef, hence Auk 15.
WASHINGTON, Aug. 18.— Mr. Riddle.
the Amerloan Charge at St. Petersburg,
has cabled the State Department that
Murowieff, the Russian Minister of Jus
tice; Lardy, the Swiss Minister to Paris,
and Professor Matzf of the University of
Copenhagen, have been named by the
Czar of Russia as arbitrators 'at The
Hague of the cases between Venezuela
and the blockading powers. The three ar
bitrators named by the Czar are members
of the International Court of Arbitration
at The Hague.
i->i'-i"i"i-i.i ¦i"i--i-i--i-i-i-i-i-«t"i-i"i"i-i i no
tional City, for Cleone; atmr Brooklyn, /or San
Francisco. ¦
Appoints Three to Hear Cases Be
tween^ Venezuela and the Powers.
CZAR NAMES ARBITRATORS.
the vessel. A boat was moored alongside the
whaler. One of the men cut the warp and
ehouted to Varnum that the boat had broken
adrift. In his hurry to save the boat Var
num laid down his rifle and ran to the rail.
As he ran somebody picked up the firearm and
threw it overboard. Six men then Jumped
into the boat and got away. As they rowed
from the whaler Third Officer James Mahan
emptied his revolver in their direction and
two of the men are said to have been hit. The
men were not recaptured.
Fitch and Bland had been living at
Needles. The last named is single and
Engineer Fitch is believed to leave a
family. Both had been in the Santa Fe
service for a long time.
SAN BERNARDINO, Aug. 18.— Dead
Man's Stretch, as the section of country
between Needles and Kingman on the
main line of the Santa Fe has come to be
known among railway operatives, has
added another to its list of fatalities,
making:' the third in a series of recent
accidents where there has been loss of
life. As In the two preceding instances
the Santa Fe Limited is the sufferer.
An accident occurred this morning and
Engineer Fitch of the Limited was killed
by the bursting- of the locomotive boiler.
According to advices that have reached
the local office, the Limited east-bound
that left here last evening had made the
best part of the run through the stretch
before the accident happened. McConicho
was reached at 6:30 a. m. with Kingman
but four miles beyond. The last named
station is situated at the extreme east
ern end of the section that Is held In
dread by Santa Fe trainmen employed in
piloting the Limited train, and .Is the sta
tion for the newly discovered Arizona
gold fields. "While the train was nearing
McConicho the engine exploded, killing
Engineer Fitch and injuring Fireman
Bland so that his recovery is in doubt.
None of the passengers were hurt.
After the train had been held up two
hours and a half it proceeded on its way.
The engine is badly wrecked and the
boiler is a total loss.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
The steamship Enterprise, Captain Miller,
arrived yesterday from Hilo. She was 9 days
21 hours making the passage. For the first
f!x days of the voyage headwinds were en
countered, but the weather otherwise was
1 leasant. The Er.terprise brought 41,000 bags
of FUgar and passengers as follows:
Mrs. W. H. Little and child. Misses Alice
Hawxhum. V. Riverson. Clara Phipman Carrie
Fhipman. Stephanie <Iaar<1. Ruth Gaard. Julia
McStocker. Lydia McStooker. Miss Button. H.
Putton George Vierra F. J. Vierra Wallace
Scott.
Enterprise Arrives From Hilo
TV'th.l* the fiscal year beginning July 1,
19P2. and ending June 30. l'.KO, 1050 vessrls,
foreign and domestic, entered the port of San
Francisco ar.d 1419 cleared therefrom. The
r-xcess of clearances over entrances represents
coasters which clear but do not enter. The
number of veM-els entered and nationality are
as follows: American CS3. British 162 Ger
jnan 02. French 60 Norwegian 30 Danish 23
Japanese 15, Italian .(S. liusMan 2.' Uruguay 1,
Dutch 1. Austrian 1, Sweden 1. Mexican 1.
The tonnage and nationally of vessels en
tering are as follows:
American. f»f»4.5l'l : British. 339.079; French.
J41/J13; German. 122. »(•¦!; Norwegian 00.150;
Japanese 4^.14".; Danish. .14.Cit»:t; Italian, 11.-
COo; Uruguay. 23"» : Russian. 2144; Dutch. 1011;
Austrian. IS28; Sweden. 14C0; Mexican. 461;
total. 1,TC3,7G'J tor.r.ape.
»
?
Record for a Year.
.For Manila— C. H. Allen Mrs. P. G. Bulfln
CM infant. Frank CaMey. Miss Agnes Center,
M. J. <_<=rnik. K. I. Clawiter, Dr. G B. Cook,
Mrs. H. D. Comer and daughter. C. B Hare
Mr?. C. B. Hare. Mrs. I... M. Hawk G B.
Howard. Hon. H C. Ide. XV M. Kamiage
Mrs. \V. H. Lane. \V. H. MrXabb William
Murphy. Mia. William Murphy and two chil
dren. M. H. O-Malley. Mr? Stephen Rand R
C. Kedmayne. Mrs. It. B. Scott and two chil
dren. F. X. Smock. Mrs. F. N Smock E J.
Stovers. John Ptrinp^r Mrs. John Stringer
Rfv. H. E. Ptudlcy. E. ']_. Waite.
For Hongkong — GuMavt- Hfrpn O T Katx,
A. Molinens. E. i~! Peacock Vf Wesenfeld.
Join at Honolulu— Archibald MacKillop Mrs
F. A. Newell. Miss Edith Newell.
The Coptic carried more than fifty pas
sengers and a. full cargo, of which 1000
tons is for Manila. She was about half
an hour late in getting away owing to
the tard;- arrival of some of her mail.
Chief Officer Frank E. Beadnell, who laid
off last tri» in order to put in his naval
drill at Esquimau, has resumed duty
and occupied rart of the bow and the
attention of most of the ladies on the
wharf as the liner backed into the stream.
The Coptic's passengers were:
For Yokohaira — Mrs. F. D Carroll C W
C. Deer:r.p. E. R. Fox. . . •
Fcr Kobe — Arthur Bauer J. W Hannah J.
r. Thorn. Alfred Welhaven.
For Nagasaki— E. H. Gore-Booth, Mrs. E.
H. Gore-Booth.
Philippine Commissioner II. C. Ide left
for Manila yesterday on the Occidental
and Oriental Steamship Company's liner
Coptic. He was one of thirty-five pas
sengers bound for the Philippine port.
The others were mostly Government em
ployes and their families for whom no
accommodation could be found on the
army transoorts.
Resolved, further. That the Amalgamated
Sheet Metal "Workers' International Alliance be
required to remove from the charter of. the
San Francisco local or locals, and any and all
ethers similarly styled, the title of "Slate and
Tile Roofers." and that they be also Instructed
to Issue no more charters or certificates of af
filiation bearing such a 4:1 tie or designating
such work.
Revived. That the National Building Trades
Council, in convention assembled. Inform the
Amalgamated Sheet Metal Workers' Interna
tional Alliance that they have no control or
Jurisdiction over or Interest in the slate and
tile roofing work or workmen In San Francisco
or any other city In which the International
Slat* and Tile Roofers' Union has established
or may eventually form a slate and tile roofers'
local;
DENVER, Aug. 18.— The sixth annual
convention of the National ." Building
Trades Council of America adjourned
sine die this afternoon after electing the
following officers for the ensuing term:
President, J. II. Maloney of Chicago,
first vice president of the International
Brotherhood o.f Electricians; general /sec
retary treasurer, H. W. Stelnbiss of St.
Louis, father of the N. B. T. C, and Its
general secretary since its organization.
J., C. Templeton, carpenter, of Fresno,
Cal., was elected sixth vice president.
Sioux City. Iowa, was selected as the
next place of meeting.
An amendent to the constitution was
adopted removing the right of the execu
tive board to levy on affiliated interna
tionals and nationals for strike benefits,
but it gives the board the right to levy
assessments of five cents per week upon
all affiliated locals. It also removes the
ten weeks' limitation of strike assess
ment and makes the levy unlimited as to
time. It also puts the conduct and dis
bursement of the strike fund in the
hands of the general secretary treasurer
of the N. B. T. C.
Trade jurisdiction in the slate and tile
roofing work in San Francisco was fixed
by the adoption of the following resolu
tion:
Liner Carries Large Number
of Passengers and
Big Cargo.
Disavows All Jurisdiction
Over Slate and Tile
Roofers.
Accident Occurs on the Sec
tion Known as Dead
Man's Stretch. *
period of occupation of Cludad Bolivar by
the revolutionary Government. • The
amount exceeds $65,000. The merchants
refuse to recognize President Castro's de
cree abolishing Ciudad Bolivar as a port
of entry and decline to. ship goods via
Carupano.'. . V .
The Venezuelan gunboat "Miranda went
to the district of Nutrias, exacting from
the merchants forced contributions and
fines amounting to another $50,000. The
goods imported during the revolutionary
regime were confiscated and doubled
duties were imposed. It is reported that
President Castro has threatened to anni
hilate the commerce and expel the foreign
community of Guayana, on the Orinoco.
A reign of terror prevails throughout the
district, owing to the extortion, threats
and barbarities of the party In power.
The entire region of the Orinoco teems
with products accumulated during the
past two years for which there are no
adequate shipping facilities. The native
and German firms at Caracas appear to
be seeking to control the entire Orinoco
import trade. There is. no money in the
Orinoco country, and the distress is very
great. All the American river boats and
interests up the Orinoco are at a'stand-
Btill, being unable to move in consequence
of President Castro's determination to
destroy the transshipment trade in Amer
ican and European goods between Trin
idad and Orinoco river country.
The National Building
Trades Council Elects
Officers.
Philippine Commission
er Ide Sails on the
Coptic.
Engineer Is Killed and
Fireman Fatally
Injured.
MANY DEPART
FOR MANILA
BOILER BURSTS
ON LOCOMOTIVE
CHICAGO MAN
FOR PRESIDENT
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL,- WEDNESDAY, AUGUST 19/1903.
President of Venezuela Demands Taxes
From Foreigners In Cundad Bolivar
for the Period of Insurgent Occupation
* - ¦. , ' ¦ ¦ — ; — ¦ — -* — ¦ — — — — -+
CASTRO THROWS MANY
MERCHANTS INTO JAIL
M. MURAVIEFF, ONE OF THE
ARBITRATORS NAMED BY
THE CZAR.
12
M0®^
LEADING BUSINESS COLLEGE OF THE
WEST. 24 Post «t-. Ean Francisco. Cal.
Estsblished 40 years. Open entire year.
•Write for Illustrate^! catalogue (free).
l FOLVTECHNfC
tf^L Bu^inecs College and
gsxSC m School cf Ecglneer-
#5*plij»- cS^ . ;r -c. ( ">aklar.d. Cal.
trmX&Z\,sW Largest and be»t
SftS£^6l g^BB7> equipped trhool of
T^ZtfCSv* fl Sw *-* business Ehonhar.1
: «jtHi!fe54 u S£5fci^ and or.rir.rerir.K weft
«5e3 ru-A S n^5"V~'» cf Chicago. Perfect
•CKf**VJlV 1 ' t f23**tr : *^«- f iirn.itf. rxper.h"s low.
Tl* ' l * Write for free 100-
page catalcgue.
HOITT'S SCHOOL
FOP BuYS. Mer.lo Park. California. Prepares
lor asy university or for business. Send for
Illustrated catalogue. IRA G. HOITT, Ph. D.,
Principal. Fall term opens August 11.
THE LYCEU/Vl
An accredited preparatory school for the nnl-
trersity. l«w and medical colleges. Is well
known for l»s careful and thorough work. Come
end tf wMn u*; we prepare you well; refer-
itctt President Jordan or any Stanford pro-
fecsor. f'neian building.
L. H. CRAC. Ph. P.. Principal.
BEUV2ONT SCHOOL,
FOR BOYS. BELMONT. CAL.. '
Opens for r.ew pupils August 10; for former
j •-•; :lf August 12. Catalcgue and book of views
en arp llcatlon -
W. T. REID. A. M. rnarrard). Head Master.
HAMLIN SCHOOL
A2TO VAN ZTESS CKaujSTART,
1549 Jackson et.. S. F. Boarding and day
school for gtrls. Accredited by the leading
colleges and universities. Special attention
given to music. Reoper.s August 10, UKtt.
SARAH D. HAMLIN. Principal.
SACRED HEART EVEMMG COM-
MERCIAL SCHOOL,
I ACRED E EAKT COLLEGE. Eddy mi Ltrkin SU.
CL/LESES CPE5 KCIfDAY. AC0D8T 3. 1903,
' v . - ' at 7:15 p. m.
Miss West's School for Girls,
2014 VAN NESS AVENUE.
Opens August 19. Home and day school. Ac-
credited by leading colleges. For catalogue ad-
drett MARY B. WEST. Principal. >
Hitchcock Military Academy,
SAZT HAFAEL. CAI..
Separate building for little boys. Xmu term
will begin on August 17.
St. Mary's College,
OAKLAND, CAL
Studies will be resumed MONDAY, August 3.
1903. ERO. ZENONIAN. President.
ST. JOSEPH'S ACADEMY,
PERALTA PARK. BERKELEY.
BoarClcg and day school for boys under 15 years
cf age. Studies commence MONDAY, August 3,
UC3. £csd for proepectua to Bra Genebr&n.
California
Limited,,,
.r 0 CHICAGO
An Ideal Train
[sli«iJ||Ilal] For Those Who
Up >M ee^ tna es: -
SANTA FE TRAINS.
Leave Market-street Ferry Depot.
" Local | Llm"d J Local lOVrl'd
Daily I Dally Dally Dally
Lv. San Fran.... 7:30a 9:30a 4:00p 8:00p
Ar. Stockton 10:40 a 10:01 p 7:10 p 11:13 p
"Merced l:05p l:55p 1:28a
"Fresno 2:40p 3:2Op 3:13a
" Hanford 4:C8p 4:O7p 7: £2*
"Vlsalia 4:55p 4:4Sp 5: S2 a
"Bakersfleld .. 7:15p 6:00p 7:33a
" Kansas City 2:35 a 7:0Oa
"Chicago 2:15p 8:4.3
a for morning; p for afternoon.
7:30 a. m. Daily Is Bakersfleld Local, stop-
ping at all points la San Joaquln Valley. Cor-
responding train arrives at 8:65 a. m. dally.
9:30 a. m. Monday and Thursday U the
CALIFORNIA LIMITED, carrying: Pal-
ace Sleeptnsf Cars and Dining Cara
through to Chicago. Chair car runs to Bakers-
fleld for accommodation of local flrst-class pas-
sengers. No second-class tickets are honored
on this train. Corresponding train arrives at
11:10 p. m. Tuesday and Friday.
9:30 a. m. Dally, Valley Limited, CoinpcstU
Car and Reclining Chair Car between Bakera-
field and San Francisco. Corresponding trala
arrives at 11:10 p. m. dally.
4:C0 p. m. la Stockton Local. Corresponding
train arrives at 11:10 a. m. dally.
8:00 p. m. Daily U the Overland Express
with - through Palace and • Tourist Sleeper* and
Free Reclining Chair Cars to Chicago: also
Palace Sleeper, which cuts out at Fresno. Cor.
responding train arrives at 6:25 p. in. dally.
Personally conducted parties for Kansas City.
Chicago and East leave San Francisco every
Monday. Thursday and Saturday at 8 p. ra.
Offices — 641 Market street and In Ferry D»-
pot. San Francisco: 1112 Broadway. Oakland.
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN HI. CO.
LESSEE
TAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFI3
SAIIWAT COMPANY.
Tlouxon Perry. Toot oZ asarkat St.
sait ritANCisco to sat* jsajaxj*
WEEK DAYS— 7:30, 8:00. 8:00. 11:00 a. m. ;
12:35. 2:30, 3:40. 0:10. 5:50. tl:30 and 11:30
p. m.
Saturdays — Extra trip at 1:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 7:30, 8:00. 9:30, 11:00 a. m.; 1:30.
2:30. 3:40. 5:10, 6:30. 11:30 p. m.
SAN BAPAEX. TO SAS rBAlTCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— «:05. 6:50. 7:35. 7:50. 9:20.
11:15 a, m.; 12:50. »2:00. . 3:40. 5:00. 5:20.
ti:~5 p. rn. ¦ •
Saturdays — Extra trip at 1:45 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 6:50. 7:35. 9:20. 11:15 a. m.; 1:45.
3:40. 4:50. 5:00. 6:20. 6:10. 6:25 p. m,
•Except Saturdays.
Leave I In Effect I Arrive
San Francisco. f May 3, 1903.* |San Francisco.
Week I Sun- 1 Destlna- I Sun- I Week
Days. 1 days. I tlon. | days. | Days.
i I 7:3Oa 7:43 a 7:45 a
7:30a 8:00a 8:40a 8:40a
8:00a 0:30a Ignaclo. 10:20a 10:20a
2:30 p 2:30 p 6:00 p 6:20 p
5:10 p 5:10 v 6:20 p 7:25 p
7:25 p
7:30 a! 7:."!0a 7:45 a 7:43 a
8:00 a PrpO a Norato. 10:20 a 10:20 a
2:30 pf 9:§O a Petaluma, «:20 p H:2«J p
5:10 pt 2:30 p and 7:25 p 7:23 p
I 5:10 p Santa Rosa,
7:30 a 7:30 a 10:20 a 10:20 a
8:00 a 8:0oa Fulton. 7:^5p 6:20 p
2:30 p 2:30 p 7:25 p
I Windsor, I
7:30a 7:30a Healdsburg. 10:2Oa 10:20a
Lytton.
2:30 p 2:30 p Geyserville. 7:23 p 7:25 p
Cloverdale.
7:30 a! 7:30 a! Hopland |10:2Oa!10:20 a
2:30 p! 2:30 p| and Uklah. I 7:25 p| 7 25 p
7:30 al 7:30al Wllllta. I 7^u p| 7:23~p
8:00 al *:l>0 al Carr.p Vacation. 110:20 a|10:*0 a
2:30 p| 2:30 pi Guernevllle. I 7:25 pj 6:20 p
8:00 al 8:00 al Sonoma. . I 8:40 a! 8:40 a
5:10 p( 5:10 pi Glen Ellen. I 6:00 p| C:2Op
7 :30 al tTsoII 110:20 a|10:20 a
2:30 pi 2:30 p! Sebastopol. I 7:25 p| 6:20 p
STAGES connect at Green Brae for San
Quentln; at Santa Rosa for White Sulphur
Springs: at . Fvltcn t^r Altturia and Mark
West Springs: at Lytton for Lytton Springs;
at Geyservllle. for Skaggs Springs; at Clover-
dale for the Geysers. Boonevllle and Green-
wood; at Hopland for Duncan Springs. High-
land Springs. Kelseyvllle. Carlsbad Springs.
Soda Bay. Lakeport and Bartlett Springs; at
Uklah for Vichy Springs. Saratoga Springs.
Blue Lakes. Laurel Dell Lake, Witter Springs.
Upper Lake. Homo, Potter Valley. John Days.
Riverside. Llerly^e. Bucknell's, Sanhedrtn
Heights, Hullvllle. Orr's Hot Springs. Half-
way House. Comptche. Camp Stevens, Hop-
kins, Wendocino City. Fort Bragg. Westport.
Usal; at Wllllts for Fort -Bragg. Westport.
Sherwood. Cahto. Covello, Laytonvtlle, Cum-
mlngs. Hell's Springs. Harris. Olsen's. Dyer.
Garb^rville. Pepperwood. Scotia and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at
reduced rates.
On Sunday — Round-trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half-rates.
Ticket office. 650 Market street. Chronicle
building.
H. C. WHITING. R. X. RYAN.
Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass Agt.
f&^j^pp|j|TO SAN RAFAEL
BraSMB SAN QUENTIN,
MILL VALLEY,
ra«^^^ CA'ZADERO, ETC.
via Sausalito Ferry
WEEK DAYS— (Holidays ezcepted) — 8:43.
1«7-45 »:45, »:45. U a. m.. 12:20. '1:45. 3:1^
4:15. t5:i6. »0:15. 6:45. ». 11:45 p. m.
7:45 a. ra. train week days does not run to
"sUNDATS AND LEGAL HOLIDAYS— 7.
t8 tn> t'lO. 11 tll:30 a. m.. fl2:ao VI -UK
Trains marked (•) run to San Quentln. Those
marked (t) to Fairfax except 5:15 p. m. Sat-
days. On Saturdays th« 3:15 p. m. train runs
"raOJjTsAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO
Weekdays— 5:25. t«:25. 7:40. 8:15, VjiM,
n-Jit n>. 12:30. 2:20. t3:45. 4:50. 5:io. Oitti
1 °ki?N^Ja'yS— 6:15. 7:35. tS:10. 8:40. jlO:5a
HH5, V. 12:30. 2:30. J3:23. 4:40. ». So!
6-B5 7:35. 10:20 p. m.
Trains nicked <t) start from San Quentln.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRAN-
f-^ r o— Week days — 5:43. 6:40. 7:45. 8:25.
0:43 U:l0 a. m.. 12:40. 2:45. 4:15. 5:ia lltoi
10 SIJNDAYS— «:». 7:55 10 11:10 a. m.. 12:0»
1-05 2:40. 3:45. 4:55. 6:05. 7:10. 10:40 p m.
* ••?¦»_•; THROUGH TRAINS.
7:45 a. nu. week days— Cazadero and -way
" t B t -l°3 n pV m.. week days tSaturdaya exctpted)—
Tomales and way stations.
3:15 P. m.. Saturdays — Cazadero and way
stations.
Sunday* and Legal Holidays — S a. m. - Casa-
dero and way stations. ¦¦ . .
Sundays and Legal Holidays— 10 a. m. Point
Reyes and way stations.
TICKET OFFICE— fi2« Market st.
FERRY— Foot of Market at.
"Iff Km) • hit rTi ht tun m fimm i <ia»». MWWIiMWMBBMril i
SOUTHERN PACIFip
<M»ln Line. Toot of M»rt«t Street ) >-
UtATK — F»OM Acqcst 1. 1903. — A*»rr»
7.00a Benlcin, Sulsun. Klmlr* and Sacra-
mento f i'il r
7.00a VtcaTllIe, Winters. Ramsey J.Zor
7.30a, Martinet, 9«n Ramoo, Vallejo,
Naps, CitlstOK*. Santa Tloa* 6 25 r
7.30a Nlles, LlTermore. Lathrop. 8to«K-
ton 7.2S»
800* D»t1i, Woodland. Knishts Landing.
MarysTlIIe. OroTllle. (connects
at >larr»Ttll8 for Grtdley. Bigg*
andChlco) .Z'55*
1.00* Atlantic Express— OtjUemnd East. 10-25*
SCO* Port Cotta, Martinet, An Hoc h. By-
ron,Tr»cy.8tockton,8acramento,
Los B«no«. Mendota. Haaford.
Vlsslta. PortrrTlllo "»4i5»
8.00a Port Costa, Martinez. Tracy, La»h-
rop. Modesto. Merced. Fresoo,
Goanen Junction. Haaford, VI-
Mlla. Baksnfield 6.29*
1.30* Shasta Kxpress— IMtIs. Wllllami
(for Bartlett Springs). Willow*,
tFrnto, Red BlnfT. Portland 7.55»
8-30a XHes, San Jose. LWermore. Stock-
ton.lone.Sscrsraento.r'lacertllle,
Mary sTlIle. Cblco. Ked Bluff 425r
• 30a Oakdale. Cblnese. Jamentown. So-
nora. Tacilnmna »nd An^el* 4 -Z5F
9.00a Martlnex and Waj Stations 8 5Si»
1000a Vallejo 12.2a#
•1000a El Pano Passenger. Eastbonnd.—
Port Costa, Martlaei, Byron,
. Tr*cy. Lsthrop, Stockton,
Merced. Kajrmond. I'resno, ll»n-
ford. Vlsalla, Bakertlleld. Lo»
Angeles and El Pa*o. (West-
bound arrtTes TtaCoaiit Line)... «1.30f
1000a The OTerland Limited — Ogdea.
DenTer, Omaha. Chtcwgo Sil'
12 C0« Hayward. Nlles and Way Stations. 3.25^
U.OOr 6«cr»mento RtTer Stenmera. T11.00*
330r Benlcla. Wlnten. Sacramento.
TVoodl»nd, Williams. Colusa, wll-
lowi, Knl(tht» LandlDg. Maryf
Tllle. OroTllle and way stations.. ig-g|*
3.30p Hayward. Nlles and Way Stations.. 7657
4C0r Martlnex.8anrUmon.ValleJo.Napa,
Call»toga. Santa Kosa. .S'Sc
40Qt Martinez. Traej.Latbrop.Stockton. lOZi*
4.00r Nlles, LlTerroore. Stockton. Lodl.. 4-Z3F
4^0r Hayward. Nlles, Irrlngton. San » .J8.65A
Jose. Llrermore I 111.65*
BXOf The Ot»1 Limited— Fremo.Tulare,
l)aler»fleld. Los Aozeles; con-
nects at Saugus for Santa Bar-
bara 8.83*
6.G0p Port Costa. Tracy, Stockton. Los
Bano* - 12.25F
tBSOr Hayward. Nlles and San Jo«e 725*
6C0p llayward, Nlles and San Joae 10.25*
fiXOr Oriental Mall — Ogden. DenTer,
Omaba. St. Louts. Chicago and
Kast. (Carries Pullman Carpas-
laogen only out of Saa Frao-
clico. Tourist or and cosch
passengers take 7X0 r. m. trala
to Reno, eontlnnlng thence la
their cars (r.M.tratn eastward.. 4.25*
Westbound, Sunset Limited.—
From New York. Chicago. New
Orleans, El Paso. Los Angeles.
Fresno. Berenda. Raymond < frcia
ToKemite), Marlines. Arrlvei.. 8.23*
JJDOr E»n Pablo, Port Cos:», Martlnes
and Way Station*. 11-25*
t7C0* Vallejo 7B6»
7 COr Port Cotta, Benicin, Suisun, I>aTla,
' Sacramento, Truekee. Beno.
-* •"» — — * Stops- af «»¦ stations east ot •
- Sacramento 7 55a
8J3Sr Oregon * California Expreis— Sac-
ramento, MaryiTllle. Reddiag.
Portland, Pu??t Sound and East. 8-55*
J9-1C* Bayward, Nile* and Saa Jote (Sno-
day only) 111.55*
11.251" Port CoHta, Tracy. Latbrop. Mo
deato. Merced. Raymond (to Yo-
semlte), Fresno, Haaford, VI-
aalta. Bakertifleld 12-26*
COAST LINE (>»rrow tiaa^e).
(Foot of Market Street.)
' :745a Santa Crux Excursion) (Sunday
only) *8.1B*
8-15* Newark. CentenrtUe. Sab Jom,
Felton. -Bouloer Creek, Santa
Crux and Way Stations.... 6 25'
t2.16r Newark. Centerrllle. San Jose,
New Almaden. Loa Ga:o«,Fe: ton.
Boulder Creek. Santa Cruz and .
Principal Way Stations ......... 10-55*
4.16r Newark. Saa Jose. Lou Oatos and
way stations (on Saturday and
Sunday runs through to 8anU
Cruz: 3iond*y only from Santa
Crnz). Connects at Felton to
and from BouMer Creek t855 I
OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY.
From BAH M'.AJ. CISCO, tuul of Market St. (Sl!p«>
— tT:15 9:00 11:00 a.*. 100 300 B.15l-.M
From OAKLAND, Foot of Broadway — f«:00 13:flt
t8:05 10:00 a.m. 12 00 2 00 4 00 P.M.
COAST LINCMUrud Uaaxe).
tir~ ( tnlrd kuU Tpwnsend Streets.) '
610a San Joaeand Way Stations 7.ZCr
+7 CO* San Joie and Way Station* ... B.SQr
/8.00a New Almaden (Tues., Frld.) y4.10^
* 57-15* Monterey and Sant* Crui Eirur
tlon (Sunday only) t3-3SJ»
LOO* Coast Line Limited— StopsonrySaa
Jo»e,Gllroy.Holllster,PsJaro.Ca«.
troTllle. Sallna*. San Ardo.Paso
Hobles. Santa Margarita. San Luis
<>blspo.(prinrlpal sta tlons tbence)
EantaBarbara.Saugu9andLo<iAn-
celes. Connection at CastroTllla
to sndfrom Monterey and Pacific
• ' Grore and st Psjaro north bound
~J~-i from Capitola and SantaCrux.... 10.45*
¦ CO* San Jone. Tres Ptnos. Cspltola,
SantaCruz.PaetflcftroTe.Sallnas,
San Lu!» Obtspo and Principal
Intermediate Sutlons 4.18V
, Wentbound El Pa»o Passenger.—
From Chicago. El Paso. Los An-
._ __ reles. Santn Barbara. ArrtTes.. 130>
10 30* San Jose and Way Station* 1.20*
11420* Cemetery Patsenrer — South Saa
-, _. Francisco. San Bruno 1.CS»
11. ou a San Joae. Lo« Uatos and Way Sta-
tions 5.36p
•l-30r San Jose and Way Stations x700»
2C0P Ean Jote and Way SUtlons 19.40*
Z.50F Cemetery PanncnRer — Sonth Saa
amm Francl»co. San Bruno 4.35*
f \3C0r Dri Monte Espre«s— Sant* Clara.
f-an J.i»r. Del Monte. Monterey.
Pacific GroTe (connect* at Sant*
Clarn for Panta Crus. Boulder
- T - Creek and NsrrowGau(re Point*) riM5»
• JUT Burllnpime. San Mnteo, Redwood.
Menlo Par*. Palo Alto, May Held.
Mountain View. Lawrence. Sant*
Clara. San Jose. Gllroy (ronnec*
tlon for UoIIlster. Tr»» Pfao»),
Pajaro (connection for Wawon-
Tllle. Capitol* and Santa Craz),
Pacific Grovr and way (tstloca.
Connects at CastroTlile fur 6»-
«.-_ "na»... 10.45*
*-30r fian Jo»e and Way Station* 8.38*
Tb COP San Juse. (rt* #*nt» Clara) I.OS
Uatos, Wrlgbt aatt Principal Way
._ _^ Station; fS.OO*
I5-30P SanJoieandPrlncipalWayStaUons 18.00*
tS.lSr Ssn Mateo.MerR*ford,B«!inont.San
.'.-? Carlos. Kedwood. Fair Oaks,
Menlo Park. Palo Alto IS 43*
F.ZOr San Jote and Way station* 6-38*
7X0p Suniet Limited. Kattbound.— Saa
l.u!» Obtspo. Sant* Barbara, Lot
An|tel««, l>emln*;. Kl Pa»o. N«w
Orlrans, New Vork. (Wastboand
arrlTrsTlaSunJcsnuinValley)... vfl ??*
t.COr Palo Alto aa.i Way Stations 10-15*
•11-30* Mlllbrse, Palo Alto aad Way Su-
tlons t9-45r
• 11^0r Mlllbrae. San Jose and Way Sta-
tlont t9 4Si»
AforMorninx. f tor Alter nova.
X Saturday and 8unday only.
I Stops at all itaclons on Suaday.
t Sunday excrptcd. i Suaday only.
a Saturday only. ' * •*¦
* Connects at Gothen Jc with trains for BaaforA
Vltallv At Fresno, for Vltalla tU Saager.
• Via Coatt Line. /Tuesday an-t Friday.
•» ArrlTe Tla Nile*, n Dally except Saturday.
it Vis San Juaqntn Valley.
1 Stops Sant* Ctar» souta bonnd only. Couaeet%
except SundaT. for all point* Narrow Gauo«.
C3r*Only trains ttopptnir at Valencia St. ». uOiboaa*
are <:1O a.m^ lUHO a.m.. 2:30 r.u. and <:» r.M.
MOUNT TAMALPAIS RAILWAY
Leave »i» SauaUt* turj Arri»«
StaFnn. h*«Utt*X San Fran.
Week Sun- ."TO Sui> I Wee*
P°>-^ J± H_ itfS^^V I toy* P»ry
U*Sr t>:OOA \7%S2f&£f 12:SOpJ:30p
B:lftf 1O:OOa 3:3Op13:5Of
utuiijtnij. **t»
\ *»*'**«" St^ (North Shore Railro«d>
Qyna» ) and Saotauto Pmt»y Knot M*r<BH St.
\^"ekly~call~si peiTyeabI
.... ".¦¦.¦ -
LOW I] To Points
jt>v j I>dSL dliu DdLh.
H • j ¦« ¦» rffj in y^L ' UVtmlJ » %* m.1%* A/V4V11I
SIOOS Aug. 187^25, 26.
Full particulars, Call
iliiWlH mPii or Address 623 Mar "
(^^^^ 1111) c - A - RUTflERF0RD -
l^^^^^^^^Sl Dist. Fas'g'r Agent.w I k as rn~
— C 5 o
t 3 3 » . £
FRUITS. K §• 2, "
? f \ :
_ 1 — r— — 1_' — !_¦._
Apples $1 65;$1 30,$I 20$l 10
Apricots 1 CO 1 30 1 20\ 1 10
Blackberries ISO 140 130 120
Cherries, R. A 2 25 2 00 1 SO 1 60
Cherries, white 1 85 1 70 1 45
Cherries, black 2 10 1 83 1 70 1 43
Grapes 1 33 1 20 1 10 1 00
Yellow Free Peaches 1 00 1 30 1 15 1 05
Lemon Cling Peaches... 185 163 130 120
Do, sliced 173 145 120 110
Whit'? Heath Peaches... 1 75 1 43 1 20 1 10
Pears 1 SO! l > 60 1 30 1 13
Plums 1 33* 1 13 1 05 9i
Raspberries 2 50 2 23 2 10 1 9u
Strawberries 2 00 175 1 CO; 1 40
COAL— Wellington. $8 per ton; New Wel
lington, $x; Seattle, $6 60; Bryant. $6 60; Bea
ver Hill, $5 50; Stanford, $7; Roslyn. $7; Coos
Bay. $5 60: Greta. $7; Wallsend. $7; Rich
mond, $7 60; Cumberland, $13 In bulk and
*14 25 In: sacks: Welsh Anthracite Egg, $U;
Welsh Lump. $11 60; Cannel. $8 60 per top;
Coke. (11 5tf@18 pex ton In bulk and $15 In
sacks: Rocky Mountain descriptions. $& 43 per
2000 lb* and $> 60 per ton. according to brand.
CORDAGE— The local company quotes as
follows, CO days or % per cent discount for
cash: Manila. 14l*c; Sisal, lie; Duplex. 10c;
Bale Rose. 11611%c per lb.
PACIFIC CODFISH— Bundles, per lb. 4*»c:
cases, regular. -' 5c; ca>s<a. « extra large. 5Ue; ,
* - ¦ .
Stock and Bond Exchange.
TUESDAY. Aug. 13 — 2 p. m.
UNITED STATES BONDS.
Eid.Ask.! Bld.Ask.
fs qr coup.. — HO 4a qr c (new)134 135
4s qr reg ... — 110 Its qr coup... — 107%
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Ala A W 63. — — «*> con 6». — —
Bay CPC 5s. — — O W C g 6s — —
C C GAE 5s. — — Oceanic S 5s — —
Cal G & E g |Om C S b. — —
and ct 5s.. — — .Fac G Imp 4s — —
Tal-st C 3s. — — IP E Ry 5s.. — 107
C C Wat 5s. — 103 !P t C R «s. — —
Kd L A P 6». — — P & O R 6s —
Seary-st 5s.. — — " Powell-»t Bs. — —
H C Ss S .".'-* — — r. E G&It 5s. — 104
HC*S5a..— — i'F & SJV 5s — 120
Hon R T «s. — 107% I" R or C 6s. — —
L A Elec 6s. — -r- 15 P of A 6s. — —
L A Ry :.*.. 112'-4 — »tOC9) .... — —
L A L C 6s. — — (1910) — mm
Do gtd 6s. — — 3 P of C 6s
Do gtd 5s. — — (1905)Sr A. — —
LAP lem 5«. — — (1305)Sr B. — —
Mkt-st C 6s. — — (190tt> .... — —
Do lem 5a.ll7%ll«u| O912) .... — —
N R of C 6a. — 107% |5 P C lc* 3s. — —
VRC(of O5«. — 120 I Do stmpd.. — —
NPC R R 5s. ICC 107%!? P B It 6*. — —
N C By 6s.. — — i» V Wat es.l07?ilOO
N C R 5s.. — — | Do 4» 2dm. — 100
X 8 P. 33.. — 100 | Do 4a 3dm — —
BAGS — Grain Bags. S05%c; San Quentln.
5.55c: Wool Bags, :K:©35c: Fleece Twine. 7%&
8c; Cotton Fruit Bags, C'ic, 6% and 7V«c for
the 'three -grades.
CANNED FRUITS — Apricots, Cherries and
Lemon Cling Peaches have recently been ad
vanced. The whole market Is firm and In
favor of tellers, with prospects for an advance
in other descriptions. The California Fruit
Canners' Association announces the following
price list forS1903 stock:
General Merchandise.
NEW YORK. Aug. 18. — There Is no room to
doubt the operation of powerful and influen
tial forces in the stock market to-day. Profes
sional operators followed the movement and
made an imxtortant addition to the market.
Operations by pools were In evidence and ma
nipulative devices were easily detected for the
advancement of prices, but that the day's
market reflected a feeling of confidence over
the future that has not been shown for a
long time was plain to be seen. The feeling
was generally based upon ti,e conviction that
the necessary liquidation so far as It aQects
the securities market has been concluded and
that the financial conditions have been greatly
strengthened as a consequence. The move
ment of interior exchanges and advances from
interior money markets gave warning of the
early approach of the demand upon New York
for funds to move the crops. This demand,
however, seemed to have lost Its terrors. For
eign exchange advanced again and the price
of gold was raised again in the London mar
ket. London Is . taking protective measures
against demands upon her gold supply and sold
stocks freely In New York, but the movement
did not impair the newly awakened confidence
that with the outward movement of the crops
New York will be able to command . gold, o\v
lng to the heavy reduction of our indebtedness
abroad during the recent period of liquidation.
In this name connection the bulls on stocks
made much of the defeat by the Colombian
Government of the Panama Canal treaty. The
financing of the payment of $40,000,000 to the
Panama Canal Company and of $10,000,000 to
the Colombian Government, which would have
followed the adoption of the treaty, has given
Wal\ street much disquiet. It is supposed to
'have been a subject of concern to the Treas
ury Department at Washington also. It .is
assumed that the freedom from obligation to
secure exchange for the*e amounts will facili
tate the Jmjort of gold. The fear that the
; Treasury Department would be hampered In
any attempts to relieve the money market by
the need of conserving resources for these pay
ments is also • removed. The larger political
and commercial bearings of the canal situation
were net considered. The payment Into the
local money channel cf C.toO.OOO made avail
able by the deposit of newly arrived Austra
lian gold with the Treasury officials at San
Francisco also had Its favorable Influence upon
the money exchange situation. A decline in
corn atnd wheat was given favorable interpre
tation, although the' Weather Bureau's weekly
bulletin was something disquieting. The Rock
Island authorities were supposed to be pre
paring for a favorable recejtlon for the new
bond issue. Old rumors of a Southern Pacific
dividend were revived. High prices for copper
end enlarged dividends on Amalgamated Cop
per were talked of among the speculators.
Larger dividends for various coal carriers both
anthracite and bituminous owing to the large
current earnings were widely, discussed. These
s.re but examples of the temper of the day's
talk and none of this talk rained any author! •
tatlve sentiment. All purchases '• of Inactive
stocks caused wide advancer just as small
sales caused violent declines dnrtnff the period
Neie York Stock Market.
At the special meeting of the shareholders o?
the California Title Insurance and Trust Com
pany, the proposition to Increase the authorized
capital from $250.COO in 2500 shares of $1CO
each, to $1,000,000 In 10,000 shares, was pass-i
unanimously, the whole of the present shar*
capital of $250,000 belnj represented In person
or by proxy. At present only 2500 shares will
be Issued, making the paid up capital $500,000.
There was less fluctuation In local securities
on the morning session and trading was quiet.
The sugar stocks ruled firm and Paauhau was
higher at $15. Alaska Packers was 50c bet
ter at $143 50.
A fair business was done In the oil stocks.
Home selling higher at $1 15®1 50.
In the afternoon Alaska. Packers was still
firmer at $14etil45 5O and Spring Valley
Water sold up to $S3 25. Hutchlnson Sugar
advanced to $13 75 and Honokaa sold at $13 25.
Home Oil was off again at $1 3OT1 37%.
There wil* be no 10:30 a. m. session of the
California Stock and Oil Exchange to-day.
The Board will meet as usual at 1 :30 p. m.
The Gas Consumers' Association paid Its
regular monthly dividend of ten cents per
share, amounting to $5000 yesterday.
The balance of V. CO per shpre en the stock
of the. Equitable Gaslight Company has been
paid out to shareholders who deposited their
stock in escrow some time* ago, to be sold at
$5 per share. Two payments of seventy cents
per share had been made previously. A meet
ing of the stockholders of the Equitable haj
been called for August 24, to vote upon a reso
lution consenting to the sale of the property.
etc.. of the company to the San Francisco Gas
and Electric ComDany.
Exchange and Bullion.
The Coptic took out for Hongkong a treasure
list Of 5104.292 60. consisting of $123,510 in
Mexican dollars, $2782 60 in gold coin and
$3S.00O in silver bullion.
Silver is a fraction lower. Exchange re
mains the same.
Sterling Exchange, sixty days.. — $4 83%
Sterling Exchange, sight ...... — 4 86%
Sterling Exchange, cables — 4 87%
New York Exchange, sight — 7%
New York Exchange, telegraphic — 10
Silver, per ounce — M
Mexican Dollars, nominal ...... — 43
Wheat and Other Grains.
WHEAT FREIGHTS— There has been some
spot business for Europe lately, and at the
close two vessels are taken for wheat or bar
ley, usual European options, at 15s 9d$16s 3d.
The chartered wheat fleet in port has a regis
tered tonnage of 65.S0O. against 65.300 tons on
the same date last year: disengaged. 94,000
tons, against 43,000; on the way to this port,
320.000 tons, against 253,760.
WHEAT — News from the East and abroad
was scanty yesterday, as the wires were not
working well. Liverpool futures were firmer.
Bradstreet's gave the world's visible supply an
Increase of 2.400.000 bushels. Chicago declined
from R2%c to 80%c. ~
This market was unchanged and quiet, both
here and In the country, though the demand
is better Inland than on this market.
CASH WHEAT.
California Club, $1 4501 50; California
White Australian, $1 55®1 60; Northern Club,
$1 4(5@1 60; Northern Blue Stem, $1 65@1 67%;
Oregon Valley, $1 52%.-
FUTURES.
Session 0 to 11:30 a, m.
Open. High. Low. Close.
December ...$l 47tf $1 47tf $1 46U $1 46%,
2 p. m. Session.
Open. High. Low. Close.
December ...$1 46% $1 46?« $146% $146%
BARLEY — The situation remained as on the
preceding day. Some dealers asked $1 10 for
Feed, but $1 CS% represented the best price
paid In actual sales. The feeling was steady,
though futures were lower.
CASH BARLEY.
Feed, $1 OCU^l 0S*i : Shipping and Brew-
Ing. $1 12%@1 17%; Chevalier, $1 20gl 40 for
fair to choice. .
FUTURES. •
Session 0 to 11:30 a. m.
Open. High. Low. Close.
December ...$1 07 $1 07*4 $1 07 $1 C7$i
2 p. m. Session.
Open. High. Low. Close.
December ...?1 07% $107% $107% $1 07*
OATS — The market continues in good shape
for sellers, most of the demand being for seed.
and there Is no disposition to give buyers any i
concessions. ""Offerings are ample, but not i
heavy.
White. $1 20«l 30; Black. H 30©l 45; Red.
$1 15©1 20 for common and $1 30 for
choice; Gray, nominal.
CORN— The market continues quiet, chiefly
because there is so little here, but the feeling '
Is firm and buyers have, to pay full figures if
they want the goods.
Western, sacked, $1 50® 1 62% for Yellow
and $1 47%€1 CO for mixed: California large
Yellow,' $1 ;i7%<gl «2!i: small round do. $1.70;
HI 75; White. $1 65 per ctl.
RYE— Continues firmly held, with light
offerings, at ?1 17%@1 25 per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— $2 25@2 50 per ctl.
Flour and Millstuffs.
There have bf*n no changes for a week or
more. The millers report the demand for
; everything fair. _,
FLOUR — California Family Extras, $4 60©
4 K5. usual term*; Bakers* Extras. 54 60<g4 60:
1 Oregon and Washington. $3 90©4 20 per bbl
ior family and $3 90®4 40 for Bakers.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices in packages are as'
lollows: Graham Floor. $3 80 per 100 lbs; Rye
Flour $3 25r Rye Meal; $3; Rice Flour. $7;
! Corn Meal. $3 60; extra cream do. $4 25; Oat
Croats $4 50: Hominy. $4 25® 4 50; Buckwheat
Flour '$4 50^4 75; Cracked Wheat. $3 75: Fa
rlna. $4 50; Whole Wheat Flour. $3 75: Rolled
Oats bbla, $7©9 «0: in sacks. $<J 50<@8 10;
> Pearl Barley. $«: Split Peas, boxes, $7; Green
Peas, $5 50 per 100 lbs.
Hay and Feedstuff s.
The continued heavy receipts of Hay are not
affecting the upper grades, which remain
firm, but the lower grades arc easy at previous
prices.
Feedstuffs are still firm, with light offerings.
BRAN— $24 50ig25 60 per ton:
MIDDLINGS— S27C30 per ton.
SHORTS— $24625 Per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS — Rolled Barley. $23S04 per
ton: Oilcake Meal at the mill. $2iJ<S26 50; job
bing. S27S27 50: Cocoanut Cake, $21*?22;
Corn Meal. $33 50®34 60; Cracked Corn. ?34@
35; Mixed Feed, $23024; Horse Beans. $2$g3O
Wheat, $12^14. with sales at $14 50:
Wheat and Oat. $1W*13 50; Oat, $10©13; Wild
Oat. $9 60@ll CO; Barley. $0@ll: Clover, $ii 50
©11: Stock. ?809: Alfalfa. $S©I0 50 per ton.
STRAW-r-OOtJOc per bale.
Beans and Seeds.
Beans continue quiet and several leading de
scriptions show slightly lower prices. The ap
proach of the new-crop has a weakening ef
fect. There Is nothing new In Seeds.
BEANS — Bayos, $3: Pea. ?3 25; Butters.
S3 25: small White, $2 75ft3 10: large White."
J2 75@3 85: Pink, $2 85®3; Red. $2 00®3;
Lima, $3 2.1 4j 3 30; Red Kidneys, nominal;
Blackeye. $2 50^2 73 per ctl: Horse Beans,
», 405? 1 60.
SEEDS — Brown Mustard, nominal; Yellow
Mustard, nominal; Flax, $1 70@l 80: Canary.
&ifi5%e for Alfalfa, nominal; Rape.
l?i«J2%c: Timothy. C§0%c; Hemp. 3%®3%c
per lb; Millet, 3@3%c; Broom Corn Seed. ?2v@
23 r>er ton.
DRIED PEAS— Green, $1 8O©2 per ctl.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
Receipts of Potatoes were moderate. > but
' carried over stock was abundant, and although
the market was fairly active the recently re
duced prices were unchanged and an easy
feeling prevailed. Occasional lots of Salinas
Bufbanks sold as high as $1 85 per ctl, but
the common run of supplies sold within the
: quoted range. Sweet potatoes were offering
freely and were In fair request at steady
' rates. Onions were plentiful and easier, the
demand belnr rather slack.
There was an active demand for vegetables
and the best offerings found quick sale at
steady prices. Good Green Corn was firm at
higher rates, but poor stock continued to
1 drag. Good sound Tomatoes sold readily at
I the appearing prices, but a portion of there
celpts came to hand In bad order, being soft
and overripe, and had to be sold below the
quoted rates. Lima Beans vere steady, while
String and Wax Beans wert very weak, ex
cept for strictly choice • offerings. Summer
Squash cleaned up well and prices had a sharp
little advance. The other vegetables stood
about as previously quoted. '
POTATOES — Burbanks from the river, 76c@ j
$1 10 per ctl In sacks and $1 1501 60 In boxes, i
with some fancy higher; Salinas Burbanks, '
$1 6ogl 75 per ctl: Early Rose, SOeSJl : Garnet
Chiles, $1CT1 15: Sweet Potatoes. 2%®3%c per
lb for river and 3%@4c for Merced.
ONIONS — 656800 per ctl.
VEGETABLES— Green Corn, 75c$l 50 per
sack- crates from Alameda. $1 2501 75; from
Berkeley. *1©1 25: Green Peas, 304c per" Ib;
String Beans, l%C2%c per lb: Wax, 1%^-ic:
I,lma Beans, 2fT3c per lb: Tomatoes, $1 23®
1 75 for river and *1 60@2 for bay: Summer
Squash. 30®40e per box; Cabbage. 75c®*l per
ctr Carrots, 75cfi$l per sack; Cucumbers. 35®
60c per box; PlcklACucumbers, $1 50®l 75 per
box for No. 1 and*Wc«f$l fpr others: Garlic,
2®3c per lb; Green Peppers, 23640c per box
or sack for Chile and 36050c for Bell; Green
Okra, 40©50c per box; Egg Plant. 40«&60c per
box; Marrowfat Squash, $20 per ton.
Poultry and Game.
.. ;,.,;.
Receipts of Poultry were liberal ami the
market had an easy tone. Retailers were well
supplied, having purchased freel) during the
latter part of last week/ Prices showed but
slight variation. ¦ but "only the very best stock
showed any firmness. A small consignment of
young Turkeys came In and sold readily at
22%@23o per lb. The car of Western that
was exp cted for {yesterday's market did not
arrive, having been delayed by the numerous
excursion trains en route to this city. Game
In good condition sold well at Unchanged'
prices, but there was no sale for. poor quality
offerings.
; POULTRY — Live Turkeys, nominal: Geese,
per pair. «1 25©t 50: Goslings. $1 5O«*l 75;
Ducks. *3@4 per dozen for old and $3 .V*T4 .v»
for young: Hens. $405: young ' Roosters. 15®
f! 60: old Roosters, ?4 60: Fryers. $3 T<niiH:
Broilers, $3f?ft 90 for large and , $2 2.1472 60
for small : Pigeons, $1 60 per dozen for old
and «1 50(f? 1 75 for Squab*.
GAME — Rabbits, «1 2S4M 75 -per dozen;
Hare, $1 25@1 60; Wlld v Dove*. 73c per doien.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
: Butter rules firm and the better demand
of this week continues, keeping stocks down.
Prices: are slightly higher again.
There has been no change In Cheese for. some
days. The market rules steady, with ample
supplies. /
Eggs continue stationary, as the demand
| EASTERN MARKETS.
2 2 a a g <
h» »«3 5l '- a? s>~
= 3 S 3 • v - *.-$*'•
STATIONS. MI*!- I"
§ c §•! : : :
5 3 1?: : :
'.' ' Z ~zr '. • - '. '
— ¦» .
• loverdale . ...104 &S .00 Clear
Colusa . ...~. VI f-5 .UO Clear
Eureka . ...... «»> .'-2 .00 Pt Cldy NW Lt.
Fresno 104 CO .00 Clear NW 8
Hanfordv. ....104 .%S .00 Clear
HolIUter . ..,.91 52 .«) Clear
Independence .. 96 'iM -0o Cloudy SW «
King City 81 61 -«X> Clear N Lt.
Livermore 53 . w Clear
Los Angeles... PO M .00 Clear W 6
Napa 67 62 .CO Clear .... ..
Newman 104 Cl .00 Clear • S
Palermo 101 M .«*) Clear S Lt.
Porterviile . ..108 «« .00 Cl«ar NW ..
Red Bluff 100 70 .<*> Clear SE C
Riverside . ...1©5 04 .00 Clear
Sacramento ... IH U2 .0") Clear S 12
Pan Diego 78 06 .ra Clear SW Lt.
Fan Francisco. 61 50 .00 Clear W 24
S L Obifipo--- SO 62 .00 Clear W 8
Santa Maria ..7s 57 .00 Clear
Panta Rosa 84 40 .00 Clear
Stockton 00 C2 .00 Clear
WiilowB 03 65 .00 Clear S
WEATHER AND CROP CONDITIONS.
Colusa — Plums ripening rapidly, drying com
menced; good quality.
Rlverslde^ — Weather sultry, probably showery
in the mountains.
Willows — Fruit dryinj progressing nicely.
Cloverdale — Fruit conditions unchanged.
Livermore — Hot weather damaging grapes.
Holllster — Prunes ripening faet; lighter crop;
better quality than last year.
Hanford— Shipping dried peaches and grapes;
plcr.ty potatoes on market.
King CltJ' — Very cold afternoon wind.
Palermo — Muir peaches are being dried.
Santa Maria — Warm weather moderating; has
not been overly good for beans.
Napa — Corn looking fine.
Stockton— Shipment of grapes increasing
every day from Lodl district.
A. G. McADEE. Section Director.
The local Wool trade continues to report an
active and firm market, with not much here
except a few Oregon and Nevada clips, which
are not for sale. Everything else Is well
cleaned up. Prices are unchanged.
Hops show more of a range In prices, and
19039 are now brlngrlng more than 1902s. being
better. A rale of 200 bales new Sacramentos
at 19c is reported. Buyers are willing to take
hold of the market freely at present prices, but
growers are disr>osed to hold* off for better
flsures.
Hides continue weak In sympathy with the
Eastern markets. . previous prices ruling.
HIDES AND SKINS— Culls and brands sell
about l 1 tc under quotations. Heavy Salted
Steers. 10c; medium. 9c; light, 8c; Cow
Hides, 8c for heavy and Sc for light;
Stags, 0c; Salted Kip. 9c; Salted Veal. 0%c;
Salted Calf. 10c; dry Hides, 16c; dry Kip. 13c:
dry Calf, ISc; Sheepskins, shearlings. 23£^0c
each; short wool, 40<fj50c each; medium. 7O6J
00c; long wool, $1§1 50 each: Horse Hides, salt,
$2 75 for large and $2 25^2 60 for medium. $2
for small and 60c for Colts; Horse Hides, dry.
$1 75 for large and $1 60 for medium. $1Q1 25
for small and 50c for Colts. Buck Skins — Dry
Mexican, 32%c; dry salted Mexican. 26c: dry
Central American. 32%c. Goat Kkins — Prime
Angoras. 75c; large and smooth, 60c; medium.
36c; small. 20c. ¦ ¦, ¦.- •
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered. 4%«4%c per lb;
No. 2. 434Hc; grease. 2%$3c.
WOOL — Fall clip— San Joaqutn Lambs', 6^
12c; Foothill. I0®12c; Middle County, lltmc.
Quotations for spring dtp are as follows: Hum
bold t and Mendoclno, 18620c; Nevada. 13@loc:
Valley Oregon, fine. lSglOc; do, medium. X1Q
18c: do, coarse. 16<gl7c per lb.
HOPS— 1003. 10©20c; 1002, 17%c per lb.
Hides, Talloiv, Wool and Hops.
Chicago was firm at about previous prices,
with the market still of •» dragging character.
The local situation remains unchanged. Some
houses report business fair and others dull.
Stocks of cured meats and barreled goods are
ample for ah needs.
CURED MEATS— Bacon. 12%c per lb for
heavy. 13c for light medium, 15c ,-for light.
ir%c for extra light. 17 %c for sugar-cured and
lS%c for extra sugar-cured; Eastern sugar
cured llama. 15ftc: California Hams. 15%c;
Mess Beef. $11 50© 12 per bbl: extra Mey, $12
@12 50: Family. $13 50; prime Mess Porf. $19;
extra clear. $25: Mess, $20: Dry Salted Pork.
12**c; Pig Pork. $28; Pigs' Feet, $5 25; Smoked
Beef. 15c i>er lb.
LAKD — Tierces quoted at .7%c per lb for
compound and lO^JlO'&c for pure; half barrels,
pure, 10%®10*;c; 10-lb tins, 10%Sllc; 5-lb
tins. ltHc; 3-lb tins, lUie.
COTTOLENE— One half barrel. 9Hc: three
half barrels. 9%c; one tleoce, 0%c; two tierces,
8Uc: n v e tierces, 9%c per lb.
Provisions.
Cash quotations were as follows: Flour,
quiet but steady: No. 2 spring wheat. Sl@S3c:
No 3. 780Slc: No. 2 red. S0%fi82%c; No. 2
corn. 5Ii4@51%c; No 2 yellow. 52%ff5:tVtc:
No. 2 oats W^e^Je; No. S white. 33%&i5%c;
No. 2 rye 5l%©52c; fair to choice malting
barley. 4Gg53c: No. 1 flaxseed. 9C%c; No. 1
Northwestern SI; prime timothy seed. |3 40;
mess pork per bbl. $12 55012 60; lard, per 100
lbs $7 72'%gk7 75; short ribs eldss . .(loose),
$7 'l2%#7 :J7%: «iry salted shoulders (boxed).
$7 25© 7 50; short clear sides (boxed), $SfS
8 12%; whisky, basis of high wines, $1 24;
clover, contract grade. $12012 50.
Articles — Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, bbls 2S.7OO 4.300
Wheat bu 228.200 15,800
Corn bu 2.TMO0 173.000
Oata' bu 478.500 350.000
Rye." bu 4.R0O
Barley, bu 17.600 .. 9.003
On the Produce Exchange to-day the butter
market was steady; creameries. l4(j?10c; dai
ries 13ffl7c; eggs. . steady at mark, cases In
cluded. 14%@15%c; cheese, steady, 10311%c
Foreign Futures.
-. LIVERPOOL.
Wheat — v Sept. Oct. Dec.
Opening •« "Tii 6 «*i 67
aoelng 6 7 C «T» « 7%
PARIS.
Wheat— Aug. Nov.-Feb.
Opening Holiday.
Closing Holiday.
Flour —
Opening Holiday.
Closing Holiday.
Visible Grain Supply.
NEW YORK. Aug. IS.— Special cable and
telegraphic advices to Bradatreefs show th«
following changes lu available supplies, as
compared with last account: Wheat — United
States and Canada, east of the Rockies, de
crcas2<l £73,000 busheln; afloat for and In Eu
rope, increase 2.21K),C(K) bushels; total supply
increased 2.127,000 bushels. Corn — United
States and Canada, east of the Rockies, de
creased 314,000 bushels. Oats — United States
and Canada, east of the Rockies, increased
370,000 bushels.
New York Metal Market.
NEW YORK, Aug. IS.— Spot tin was 10s
lower in London, closing at £12S 5s lower for
futures, at £12t! 6s. The* local market was
[ easy at $27 75@2«.
I Copper was unchanged in London at £GO
for spot and £58 15s for futures. Locally cop-
I per wag quiet. Lake Is quoted at $13 OO'-n.i 75;
electrolytic, $13 50. and casting at $13 25.
Lead was unchanged In London at £11 7s
Cd, and at $4 2."» In Now York.
Spelter advanced 2s Cd in London to £20
10* and remained unchanged here at $6.
Iron closed at 51» lOd In Glasgow and 40s
! I0%d In Mlddlesboro. Locally Iron was un
| changed, although Southern ad%-|ces reported
I declines at the furnaces of some $1 50 a ton.
i No. 1 foundry. Northern. Is quoted at $17 50
j «?18; No. 2 foundry. Northern, at $16 50KJJ17;
I No. 1 foundry. Southern, and No. 1 foundry
I Southern, soft, at $10 75@17. '
Eastern Cotton Market. s
; ¦ i -
i, NEW ORLEANS. Aug. 18.— COTTON—
Steady. Middling. 12%c.
NEW YORK. Aug. 18.— The cotton market
opened quiet but firm at unchanged prlcts to
an advance of five points and closed steady
within a point or two of the best of the ses
sion, or at a net advance of 0 to 10 points.
Eastern Livestock Market.
CHICAGO. - I
CHICAGO. Aug. IS.— CATTLE— Receipts.
5000. Including 1600 Westerns. Slow. Good to
prime steer*. $5 10§5 fiO; poor to medium,
! $3 67.S4 lt0: stockers nnd feeders, $2 25i2?4:
i cows, $1 60©4 40: hoifers. $2®4 85: canners,
*1 60S2 CO; bulls, $2^4 40; calves, S2.50®4 7»;
Texas fed steers, $3 05&1 40; Western steeis,
$3 2JV34 45.
HOGS— Receipts to-day, 12,000; to-morrow,
28.000. Generally lower. Mixed and butcher*.
$4 »0$5 C5; good to choice heavy, $5 1505 40;
rough heavy. $4 75«5 20; light. $5 25®5 S5;
bulk of sales. $5 15@5 40.
SHEEP— Receipts, 24.000. Sheep and lamb*,
rteady to lower. Good to choice wethers, $3 25
®3 75; fair to choice mixed. $2 G0@3 25; West
ern sheep. $2 75©3 60; native lambs, $3 23®
6 75; Wefctern lambs. $4 60®5 50.
__— -___
Boston Wool Market.
BOSTON. Aug. 13.— Although the wool mar
ket here appears to be a. little more quiet this
week, the volume of sales has reached a fair
aggregate. The feature of the week has been
the better demand for fine wools. Prices show
I little change and there Is no weakness In any
particular. Ouotatlons: .
Territory. Idaho, fine, 14B15c: fine medium
:C%<?U7%c; medium. lR@l»c: Wyoming, fine*
14gl5c; fine medium, 16%@17c; medium 18%
@10c. ¦
Utah and Nevada, fine. 16@17c; fine medium !
17©17%c; medium, 10@20c. . '
\ ', St. jLouis Wool Market.
ST., LOUIS. Aug. 18.— Wool, quiet. Medium
grades and combing and clothing, 16<821%c;
light fine. lG®18c;> heavy fine, I2®16c; tub
washed. 20e20%c. • - ¦¦
- Northern Wheat Market..
/- OREGON.
PORTLAND, Aug. IS.— WHEAT— Walla '
Walla. 77©79c; bluestem. 8O@82c; valley 80c i
WASHINGTON. .
TACOMA. Aus\ 18.— WHEAT— Nominally 1@ !
2c higher, but few sales made; bluestem, 83c;
club. 80c.
Daily Crop Bulletin.
For the twenty-four hours ending 5 p. m.,
12<>th meridian time, San Francisco, August
IS:
Retail Meat Prices.
The following retail price* for meats are
juoted fcy the Retail Butchers' Protective As
toeiatlcn:
BEEF— Prime Reast. ISSISc: Porterhouse
Eteak, ISg^^r: Tenderloin Steak. 15@l*c:
Plrloln Steak. 12%C15c; Tcp Round Fteak.
12%c: Beef £tew. 10c; Corned Beef. SglOc;
foup Bor*e*. 4c: Boup Meat. 5gi0c.
VEAL, — Ix>in Roast. l.%S20c: Shoulder RoaM.
t2%Cl5c; Chops cr Cutlet*. 15g20c; Stew. 12%
ei5c.
MUTTON— Leg, 12%S15c; Fcrequarter. S3
!<V: Stew. 8510c. Prime Chcpe. 12%S?18c.
LAMB— Leg. 2 f *-: Forequarter, 12%@15c:
Hindquarter. 1»^2<*; Shoulder Roast. 10©
12 %c: Chops. 15^ 1V-.
PORK— Roast. IZUQlSc: Cher*. IRSlRc.
These price* di not eov*r the cheaper grades
»s it Is Impossible to quote regular prices on
them.
'Weather and Crops.
The weekly repot of A. G. Mc.Viie. section
Jirector of the Clirrate and Crop Service of
the Weather Bureau. U as. fellows:
GENERAL SUMMARY.
The ternr*rature was below normal during
most cf ths week, but warmer weather pre
vailed at the cloee. Fogs were frequent in
:Ve coast rtistricis. Light rain fell oa the
northwest c-i&st.
Uraiu harvest continues in a few places but
:h» greater r^rt of the crop has been gath-
Tcd. Ttirefhirg eni hay baling are in j>ro
;rr-5 . S The yield of wheat and barley In the
.-< r.tral and northern sections is generally
»Jmewhai lee* than average, but the quality
is reported excellent. All reports from South
ern California indicate that the gTain and hay
:ror* are far above the yield of recent years
snd the quality excellent. Hops in the Par
run>jito and Sonoma valleys ha\'e made won
drrful improvement during the cool weather
and prospects are good for a much better
vi' Id than c^Umafd a fpw weeks ago; pick
liis bas commenced. Fugar be*t harvest con
::iiuof; at Santa Maria, owing to the large
irrigated CTea, the crop is the heavies t eter
raist-d but a light yield Is reported in the
Ana^oiin district. Btans. corn and vegetables
¦ ijv> doing wtjl.
•Irar*s r.'p<-ned rarMIy snd picking U pro-
oarload-; -shipments are being mad?
; tram Sacramento, and all reports show that
the yield will be unusually heavy. The peach ,
rap is very large axd in some places the can
u'Tics are ctfueing to handle it. All other
scfAoousi fruits are abundant and of good
3'jality Citrus fruits are in excellent condi
tion. Bnuu -carloads of lemons were shipped
I7a«t from Sin Diego.
SACRAMENTO VALLEY.
The w«-ather during the week was compara
tively cool, but favorable for fruit and all
farming operations. Grain harvest , is com
pletcd except in a few rilares, and threshing is
j rr.gr'. Fsing rapifily. Wheat aad barley are
?<-,n-.»>whai below the average, but of excellent
quality. Hop picking has commenced tn some
fections and will be peneral during the present
¦reek. To*, cool weather ha» been beneficial to
df-lduou» fruits, which have developed slowly
on<{ ere of good size and flavor. Fruit picking,
s-hipp^y. car.rir.g and drying are In progress;
In rs.nst rJaees the crop is above average.
Crajwrs ar# ripening rapidly and harvest is pro
frreMirig la fome sections; tht crop is report
»rt heavier and of better <jtiallty than that of
la.«t fcREon. Early grajves are being ehipped
la carload lots from Sacramento. Citrus fruits ;
fc:e in good condition.
COAST AND BAY SECTIONS.
Cool weitther continued during the we«k.
but higher temr-erature prevailed at the close.
Fogs in th? coast districts wore beneficial to
ho;*, corn and potaxoes. but retarded fruit
drying to ton.* extent. Grain harvort is com
pleted in rorne Fections and progressing in
r\th*n>. Threshing and hay baling continue.
Whiat. oatp and barley tre cf good quality,
Trjt the yield is bcJow average in most places.
Hops have mad? wcclTfu! Improvement re
cently and the crcj> will excted early esti
mate*. The oool weather has retarded the
rii«-ning of grapes, bat the crop Is in excellent
condition and will bo heavy; picking and ehip
pirur »re in progress. Ttp peaca crop in Bo
itrci County is very lr»rj:e; it is reported that
many tons of tite oTstr.gr Hirjr* will go to
watte as the canneries r"fuse to handle them.
PAN JOAQUIN VALLEY.
The weather during the past week has been
r>*r ond warm during th* day and cool at
r.lght. The grain h^r\-est is nearly eom
pltled 5n all sections and a good portion is
trf-lr-s; chipped to market. The fruit crop u
r i ••'•:•" 'ast and cutting and drying estab
lii-hmer.te are making cood progress in hand
ling the crop. Large shipments of peaches,
pear*, prunes and pVums continue to Eastern
markets. The deciduous fruit crop is of ex
cellent quality, but in some sections lighter
than laat year. Watermelons are being shipped
• in large quantities from the Fresno district.
Potatoes and onions are a good crop. Egyp
tian corn will tx? a large crop. The rrape
t-rop will be large, and Is renerally making
pmgrers. although some «eetions
'omplsin of slown<>«s in coloring. Stock of.
r.'.\ kinds are healthy and in good condition.
Irrigating water is scarce.
SOUTHERN CALIFORNIA.
Warm *unnv weather prevailed during the
week in the interior, but along the coast it
was cooler and fr>«r»ry. Grain harvert con
•<nuee in some sections and i« completed in
aithm Heavy crops of wheat, oats, barley i
«n4 1 *ay are reported in nearly all districts.
Sugar hec-t temat 1<- prngrcssing rapidly: in
»rT sar.ta Maria district the crop is the heav
£rt «rer raised, owing to the large irrigated
are*- in the vicinity of Anaheim the crop is
"orne'what lighter. B^ans. «rn and %egeta-
MeTIVe dolt£ *rell. Grapes are ripening rap
<£l »nl five indications of a heavy yield.
r.IrhVs ale maturing and other deciduous
fruit, art* in pood condition. Walnuts are
i^r.^4 owlrg to blight. Citrus fruits are
fh?fffy and young oranges are showing eatis
.'""""""ZraBKA SUMMARY.
vielding average crop. CT .. f . T . nv
LOF ANGELES' ELMMAR1.
Weather Report.
«-0lh Meridian— Pacific Time.)
.-AN FRANCISCO. Aug. IS. B P- "•
I s| 2'| '^* -
BTAT1ONS. 5 UPl 3 f" -E
fll: i I
'. * ? '. '. *
IJaker" 29. VS 4X5 68 SW Clear ?00
•"Arson sa.HO KS &4 W Clear .00
F;ureka .30.04 00 S2 NW Pt.Cldy .00
Freirno 23.76 104 6« NW Clear .00
Flagstaff .....a.M BMW ~ Pt.CldT .00
Indrper.dence 29.78 HC «fl PW' Cloudy .00
:^.£ Anerles..2a.8O fiO C6 XV i Clear .00
i!t Tamalpai*-29.ft« W C« NW Clear .00
Korth Head... 30.00 C M. W Cloudy .00
Phoenix ».t» 106 S4 NW Pt.Cldy .00
PocauUo. I<5a.2'K64 OC 62 W Clear .00,
Portland 29.88 86 60 NW Clear .00
Red Bluff 29.76 100 70 SE Clear .00
Roseburg 29.89 £<» 54 NW Clear .CM)
Sacramento ..29. SO U4 62 S Clear .00
Fait Lake 29.84 94 68 NW Clear .CO
s-'an Krancisco.29.96 64 6« W Clear .00
S. L. Obispo..29.89 80 62 W Clear .00
San Diego.... 29. 83 '75 66 SW Clear .00
Seattle 29.90 S4 6S W Clear .00
Spokane 29. 8O 86 S8 NE Clear .00
Tatoosh 29. !*« «S 52 SW Cloudy .00
Walla Walla.. 29. 74 100 «2 SW Clear .00
Winnemucca 62 .... ...
Yuma 2».68 104 84 W* Clear .00
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
The pressure has fallen over the entire west
ern half of the country except a small strip
along the coast of California. A depression
of some depth overlies the valley of the Colo
rado and showery weather prevails in Arizona
and Southern Utah.
Warm weather prevails in Oregon and Maho. .
Maximum temperatures of 100 degrees are re
twi-W at Walla Walla and Boise City. Warm
wrather kIeo prevails in the Interior of Call
fcmla.
Kcrtcast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight. August 19:
Northern California — Cloudy: cooler Wednes
day: probably light thunderstorms in the moun
tains: foe on the coast: light southerly wind
inland : brisk westerly wind on the coast.
Southern California — Cloudy. unsettled
weather We<5n<*day. with showers In the
mountains; fresh southwest wind: cooler.
Nevada— Cloudy ; cooler Wednesday.
San Francisco and vicinity — Cloudy, cooler
Wednesday: light southerly wind, changing to
brisk westerly, with fog.
ALEXANDER G. McADIE.
District Forecasterf
Articles — - Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2 —
September (old). S2% S3 81 81
September (new) ?2% 82% 80% 60%
December (new) S2% K»% SI'S, Sl%
May Sl% Sl^i . 85% 83%
Corn No 2 —
September 52 fi2% 51% 51%
December 52% 52% 61%
May 51'v, 52%, 51% 52%
Oats No. 2—
September 34% 34% 33% 34 .
December 35% S3% 33% S5%
May :;7% S7% 37 Vi 37%
, Mesa Pork, per bbl —
September 12 80 12 02% 12 C3 12 67%
October ....12 95 12 05 12 75 12 75
May 13 12% 13 12% 13 02% 13 07%
Lard per 100 Its — , ...
September 7 S3 7 00 7 72% 7 87%
October 7 55 7 C2% 7 52% 7 67%
Short Ribs per 100 lbs—
September 7 52% 7 53 7 40 7 40
October 7 67% 7 tf2% 7 60 7 50
Meat Market.
Tier* ar» easy at the decline noted, with
packers still bidding «c. No sales at this
figure, however, have yet been reported. Beef.
Mutton and Veal are in ample supply and B«ef
Is slightly lower. The other descriptions show
little chanr/. 1
MEATS.
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers
are as follows:
BEEF — 6©7c for Steers and S£6c per lb
for Cows.
VEAL— Large. 7«8« small. SUlOc r*r lb.
MUTTON— Wethers, 8U9c: Ewes, 83S%c per
pound.
LAMB— Spring. 0%$10c per lb.
PORK— Dressed Hogs. fi%^9%c per lb.
LIVESTOCK MARKET.
The following quotations are for good, sound
Livestock, delivered in San Francisco. less 5O
per cent shrinkage for Cattle:
CATTLE— Steers. 889c: Cows and Heifers.
7ffSc: thin Ccws. 4g5c per lb.
CALVES^ — »<83%e per lb (gross weight).
SHEEP — Wethers, 4c; Ewes, 3%S3%e per lb
(gross weight).
LAMBS— Spring. $2 73<g3 per head. , - ¦..„¦;.
HOGS— Live Hogs. 140 to 200 lbs. &5«%-:
nnder 140 lbs. 5%&3%c; Sows. 20 per cent off:
Boars. 60 per cent off. and Stags 40 per cent
oft from above quotations.
Receipts of Produce.
FOR TUESDAY. AUGUST IS.
Flour, qr sks... lS.OCOIHops. bales .... «5
Wheat, ctls .... 8,6SO|Wool. bales ... ISO
Barley, ctls . .. 3,543.Tallow, ctls .... 2CO
Corn, ctls 507;Hldes. No 5.TO
Beans, sks ..:.. «S Pelts, No «15
Potatoes, sks .. JS5S4Wlne. gals 23.tW>
Onions, sks 1S0;3uIcksilver. flks. 7fi
Hay. tons 972 ! Leather, rolls .. 24.J
Straw, tons .... 2u Shorts, sks .... 1.323
OREGON.
Flour, qr sks... 12,264]WooI. bales ... 221
Wheat ctls ... 4.019 Shorts, sks .... 1.523
Bran, sks 2,763|
LEATHER— Sole, heavy. 20©32c: extr»
heavy. 30@40o per lb: medium. 27#29c: light.
24@26c; Rough Leather. 26#28c: Hameas
Leather, heavy. 33@39c for No. 1 and GC^CV
for No. 2: medium. 30^37c; light, 29 ; Qii3c;
Skirting. No. 1. 40®42c; No. 2. 3*§3Sc; Collar
Leather.-, 13@16c~ per foot; Trace Leather. 40®
44c: Kip. unfinished. 40030c per lb; Veal, fin
ished,' WrgfJOc per lb; Calf, finished. 6oc@$l per
lb; Wax sides. 16<317c per foot: Belt Knife
Splits. 14@16c; Rough Splits. S^lOc per lb.
TANBARK — Ground, $23329 per ton; stick.
$ie§lS per cord.
OIL— Linseed, 44c for boiled and 42c for raw
In barrels; cases. 6c more; Castor Oil. in cases.
No. 1. 70c; Bakers' AA. $1 10<gl 12; Lucol. 4Ic
for boiled and 39c for raw in barrels; Lard Oil.
extra winter strained, barrels. 90c: cases. 05c:
China Nut. 67%$C2c per gallon; pure Neats
foot. in barrels, 73c; cases. SOc; Sperm, pure.
70c; Whale Oil. natural white. 50©55c per gal
lon; Fish Oil. In barrels. 43c: Cases. 60c; Co
coanut Oil. in barrels. 59c for Ceylon and 63c
tor Australian.
COAL Oil J— Water White Coal Oil in bulk.
14c; Pearl Oil In cases. 20%c; Astral. 20%c;
Htar. 20%c: Extra Star. 2t%c; Elaine. 26%c:
Eocene. 23%c; deodort2ed Stove GasoUn*. In
bulk. 17c; in cases. 23%c: Benzine, in bulk.
13c: in cases. lD%c: VJ-degree Gasoline, in
bulk. 21e: In cases. 27%c.
TURPENTINE — 76c per gallon in cases an1
70c in drums and Iron barrels.
RED AND WHITE LEAD— Red Lead. «®
6%c per lb; White Lead. 6#8%e. according to
quantity. •
QUICKSILVER — $44 B0.*M6 for local use and
$4a 5O per flask for export.
SALT— The Amalgamated Salt Company
quotes as follows: Genuine Liverpool. $14i31«:
Bales, common. $1 CO-/ Dairy, per ton. $13 23:
Half Ground. $12 23^12 73; Rock Salt. $10 50«
12 25; Imitation Liverpool, $13 23®14; Granu
lated. $13 251314 per ton,
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refmlns; Com
pany quote* as follows, per lb. In 100-lb ba«r*-
Cube*. A Crushed and Fine Crushed. 5.75c:
Powdered. 5.60c; Candy Granulated. 6.60c; Dry
Granulated, fine. 5.50c: Dry Granulated, coarse.
5.50C Fruit Granulated. : Beet Granulat
ed 1100-lb bags on)y>. 6.40c; Confectioners' A.
5.50c: Magnolia A. R.1«V: Extra C. 5c: Golden
C. 4.90c: "X>." 4.8***: barrels, 10c morf; half
barrels. 20c more: boxes. KOc more: 5<Vlb bag*.
10c more for all kinds. Tablets — Half-barrels.
6c: boxes. «.25e per lb. No orders taken for
less than 75 barrels or Its equivalent.
LUMBER— Pine, ordinary sisen. J1S^19: en
tra sizes higher; Redwood. $10^23; Latb. 4
feet, $3 73: Pickets. $22tr2S: Shingles. $2 35 for
No 1 and $1 75 for No. 2; Shakes. $14 for split
and $15 for sawn: Rustic. $40$ 12.
COFFEE— Costa Rica— U%$13%c tor strict
ly prime to fancy washed. 11®11%c for prime
washed. 10%<910%c for good washed. 9%311%c
for good to prime washed peaberry. 8%£3^c
for good to prime, peaberry. 8%910c for good
to prime. 7fc3c for fair. 4'3«%c for common
to ordinary. Salvador — Hylic nominal for
strictly rrlmo washed. 8%^;10%c for good to
prime washed, 7%©So for fair washed. S*JJlO%c
for fair to prime washed peaberry. 7%ffS'-.»c
for good to prime semi-washed. 7S©'%c tcT
superior unwashed. 737%.c for good green un
washed. 7%"&5c for good to superior unwashed
peaberry. 4^*3 for Inferior to ordinary. Nica
ragua — l it-.. if 13c nominal for prime to fancy
washed. S@10c nominal for fair to strictly
good washed. C%@7%c for good to superior
unwashed. 7%@Sc for good to prime unwashed
peaberry. Guatemala and Mexican — 13%1|14u
nominal for fancy washed. HU13c for prtm«
to strictly prime washed. Oii^lOVjc for strictly
good washed. 9®3%c for good washed. 7%'s>
8%o for fair washed. 6tJ7%c for medium. A% (Jc
for inferior to ordinary, 8%©10%c for fair to
prime washed peaberry, 7%gSc for good to
prime unwashed peaberry. 7 1 SSc nominal for
good to superior unwashed, 507%c for aah
damaged.
Eastern style. 6c; boneless, 6c; "Norway." 6c;
"Narrow Gauge." 6%c; "Silver .King." 7%e:
blocks, "Oriental.'* 6c; blocks. Seabrtght, «%c;
tablets, 7c; middles. 7gS%c; boneless. 8S"Jc:
pickled Cod. bbls. $7 60; pickled' Cod. half
bbls $4 73.
Shipment of $164,292 50 in specie to Hongkong.
Fair trading on the local Stock Exchanges.
Nao York Stocks rise and fall back again.
Silver a fraction lower. Exchange unchanged.
Wheat quiet and unchanged. Freights still Imv.
¦fiarlcv steady at prez-ious prices for cash grain.
Oats still in demand for seed. Rye steadily held.
Corn continues scarce and firm.
Beans quiet, unth several descriptions lower. Seeds featureless.
Hay and Feedstuff s steady to firm.
Flour and Millstufts in moderate demand and unchanged.
Butter continues in good demand and firm.
Cheese and Eggs steady at previous quotations.
Dried Fruits. Xuts and Honey quiet, but zvell held.
Proz-isions inactive, both here and in the West.
Hogs cas\ and in sufficient supply. Beef slightly lower.
Wool zvcU cleaned up and firm. Hides weak.
Hops rule firm, with a -wider range in prices.
Canned Fruits very firm, zrith several kinds higher.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables in ample supply.
Poultry in liberal supply and easy.
Good local and shipping demand for fresh Fruits.
of extreme depression. The selling to take
profits was unremitting all day, but was well
absorbed until the final' hour. Stocks then
teemed to have passed, a scale from strong to
weak hands and the profit taking made heavy
Inroads. The market closed weak without a
rally.
Bond sales were firm. Total sales, par
value. $2,600,000.
United States bonds were unchanged on call.
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
Stocks— Sales. High. Low. Close.
Atchlson 81.100 C5 62tt 62%
Atchlson pfd 8,200 00% 89% 90
Bal & Ohio 81.800 85 83?, 83%
Bal & Ohio pfd... 400 87% 87% 87
Can Pacific 7,700 12«% 125»4 12SU
Cent of N Jersey.. 400 164 162 160
Ches & Ohio 11,200 36% 34% 35
Chi Jb Alton 800 24V* 24 ' 23%
Chi & Alton pfd... 600 65U «5 63
C & G West 6,100 18% ' 17T4 17%
C & G West B pfd 1.700 31% SOU 29%
Chicago & N W... 1,300 169 167^ 167'
Chi Term & T 700 11% 11% 11V4
Chi Term & T pfd. 1,100 21% 21 21%
C. C, C & St Louis 1.500 76%. 74% 76%
Colo So 2.(300 15Vi 11% 14%
Colo So 1st pfd 300 54 63% 53%
<>*o So 2d pfd »00 24% - 24 23%
Del &. Hudson .... 400 167% 167 167
Dfl. Lack & W 100 24«t 248 - 245
I>n & Rio G 1.600 26% 25l« 25%
Den & Rio G pfd.. 700 78 77% 77%
Erie 70.800 3H1 29% 29%
Erie 1st pfd 7.500 €S% 67% 67%
Erie 2d pfd 2.400 63% 63 62%
Great Nor pfd .... 165
Hocking Val 300 72 71% 71%
Hockinir Val pfd.. 600 82 81% 81
III Central 700 134% 133% 133%
Iowa Central 800 23% 22% 23
Iowa Central pfd.. 1.000 43% 42 41%
Kans City So 800 24% 22% 23%
Kans City So pfd.. 2.200 42% 40% 40%
l/cuis & Nash 6.100 10S ' 107 106%
'Manhattan L 3.100 136V4 135 135
i MM ft Ry 8.200 117 115% 115%
! Minn * St Louis.. 200 63 62 CO
! Mo Pacific 40.500 97% f>5% B5»i
j Mo. Kans * T 3.600 21 20% 20%
Mo, Kans & T pfd 200 44% 4? 42%
Nat RR of Mex pfd 600 40% 40 40
N Y Central 6.900 123% 124U 124%
Nor & West 4,600 C4% 63% Gi
Nor A West pfd 86
Ont * Western 9,600 25 24% 24%
Pennsylvania 17.S00 12G% 125% 125%
ritts. C C t St L 600 63% 63% 63%
Reading 97,800 6»% '66 56%
Reading 1st pfd... 300 82 82 81>/i
Reading 2d pfd... 500 70% 70% «*»
Rock Island Co. . . .179.3O0 33% 29% 31%
Rock Island Co pfd 5,000 6S% 67 ; «?7
St L & S F 1st pfd 71
St L & S F 2d pfd 3,100 54% 52 62%
St Louis 8 W 700 IS 17% 17
St Lonis S W pfd. 2.400 37U 34% 36
St Paul 39,100 147% 145 14Hi
St Paul pfd 200 172% 172 171%
So Pacific 64.500 4S 46 46
So Railway 62.S0O 24% 23% 23%
So Railway pfd... 1.S00 S5% S4% 84%
Tex A Pacific 0.200 29% 27% 2S%
Tol. fit L & W. . . . 100 23% 23% 21
Tnl. St L A W pfd 400 32 30% 30%
Union Pacific 71.200 7S% 7«!»-, '.
Union Pacific pfd.. 800 SC% 85% SO
Waba«h 6.700 24 23«i 23%
Wabash pfd 6.90O 3S% 37 37
Wheel & L Erie.. T.00 -!«% 17% 18
WIs Central 1.4OT 20*, 20 20
Wisconsin Cen pfd. 400 41% 40% 40%
Express Companies —
Adams •••» 221
American 300 1S5 V 1S4% 183
United States 10H
Wells-Fargo 200
Miscellaneous —
Amalgam Copper. .. 76.ir.fl J>2^ &G».j 60%
Am Car A Foundry. 300 34% 34%. 34
Am Car & F pfd... 500 «4% 81 84
Am Linseed Oil ... 1W 11% 11% 10
Am Lin Oil pfd 32
Am Locomotive ... 1.4O0 20% 20 20
Am Locomotive pfd 300 85 ST. 84%
Am Smelt A Ref... 1.700 40% 4« 45%
Am Smelt & R pfd. 5«0 00% 1)0 K3%
Am Sujar Ref 6.500 Ilf5% 117 117
Anaconda Mln Co. 900 81% 70 79
Brooklyn Rap Trn. 7,900 4S% 47% 47%
Colo Furl A Iron., COO 63% 31% 47
Ool & Hock Coal.. 100 15% 15% 13%
Consolidated Gas... 1.700 183% 1*0% 181%
Genera! Electric .. 1.S0O 16S% 1R3 Kill
Internat Paper ... 2.300 14 13 13%
Internat Paper pfd. 100 «3 0:t CO
Internat Pump 24%
Irternat Pump pfd. 200 74 74 72
National Biscuit .. S00 38% .*»% 38
National Lead .... 2>io 17 1»J% 1«%
North American .. 2C0 S0% <T9 - 70%
I'aclfic Mall 1.400 23% 22 23%
People's Gas 3.600 SW !C% 93%
Pressed Steel Car. . rtW 44%. 4+ 44
Prerjed S Car pfd. 200 *2 *2 82-
Pullman Pal Car.. 1C0 218 21S 21R ,
Republic Pteel 3.600 12% 12% 12^
Republic Hteel pfd. l,4<>0 CS GC% 67%
Rubber Goods . r *)0 15 14% 14%
Rubber Goods pfd 09
Tcnn Coal A Iron.. 7.900 47% 43 43%
U S Leather 2,300 8% *V t S%
U S Leather pfd... 000 S3% S2% 83
U S Rubber 300 12% 11 II
IT'S Rubber pfd... 400 40 40 ."!>%
i U ft Steel 33.300 24% 'J* 21%
V S Steel pfd 19,300 73% 72% 73%
Western Union 200 81 NS% 83%
Total shares.. 1.120. 000
UNITED RAILROADS OF SAN FRANCISCO.
NEW YORK. Aug. IS. — Bond transactiens of
United Rallrcads of San Francisco: 5G.00O at
$77.
NEW YORK BONDS.
U S ref 2s reg...lO<5%| Do 1st Inc 17
do ref 2s coup..l0rt%| Minn A St L 4s.. 97%
Do 3s reg 106% ; Mo Kan & Tex 4s. H7%
Do 3s coup 10«>%' Do 2nds 77%
Do new 4s reg.134 NY Cent gen 3%s J>3%
Do new 4s coup.134 N J Ctnt Ren 5s. 127
Do old 4s reg..lO3 North Pacific 4s.. 100%
Do old 4s coup. 109 Do 3s 70%
Do 5s reg 101% Nor A W con 4s. 07
Do 5s coup 101% Reading gen 4s... 05
Atchison gen 4s.. fi9% |StL AIM con oe.110%
Do adj 4s 88 St L A S F 4s 02 '
Bait & Ohio 4s.. 100 St L R W lsts... m
Do 3%s 92 j Do 2nds 73
Do conv 4s 97 S A & A P 4s. . . . 75
! Can Sou 2nds....lOC JSouth Pacific 4s.. S6
! Cent of Ga 5s.... 104% Southern Ry 5s.. 113
Do 1st inc 74 Texan & Pac lsts. 114
I Ches A Ohio 4%s.l02% Tol St L A W 4s. 71V t
1 Chic A Ait 3%s.. 72% Union Pacific 4s. 99%
iCB s (J new 4«. iW>%| Do conv 4s mu,
I C M&St P gen 4*105% j%Va bash lsts 114
i C A N W con 7s. 12ft , Do 2nds 104%
I C R I A P 4s... 99%' Do deb B fiju
CCCA St L gen 4s 9C ,Weat Shore 4s ...107
Chi Ter 4s 7".%;Wh A L Erie 4s. 90
j Colo A Sou 4s 84 | WIs Central 4s... 8!)
Den & Rio G 4s. 08 ;Con Tob 4s r>7%
Erie prior lien 4b 96% Colo Fuel Con 3s. SI
Do gen 4s 82%;Rock Island 4s... 75%
Ft W A. D C lsts. 104 {Manhattan 4s lOlTi
Hock Valley 4%s.lO4%iPenn Con 3%s... 93
Louts A N unl4s. 08% 'Steel 79s;
Mex Central 4s... 72%!
NEW YORK MINING STOCKS.
Adams Con 10 Little Chief ....... C3
Mice 17 bntarlo 00
Jrcece 15 Ophlr 6 00
Brunswick Con.... 07 Phoenix C8
I Comstock Tunnel.. 07'PotosI 15
I Con Cal A Va 07jHavage 22
I Deadwood Terra.. 1 4Cj Sierra Nevada ... 70
Iron Silver 1 OVSmall Hopes 20
Leadville Con ....1 75|Standard '. .1 73
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money — Westinghouse .... 80
Call loans 4#i% Mining-
Time loans ...5%«j<! Adventure 5%
Bonds — AUouez 0
Atchison 4s 97 Amalgamated ... 50% |
Mexican Cen 4s.. 70 Blngham . ........ 2tt
Railroads — Daly West 40%
Atchison 62% Calu A Hecla ...450
Do pfd 00% Centennial 21 %
Boston A Albany.245 Copper Range ... b5%
Boston Elevated. 137 Franklin . ...... M,
N Y. N H A H..19« Isle Royale...... &%
Fitchburg pfd ,.134 Mohawk '45
Union Pacific ... 7« ,Oid Dominion ... 10%
Mexican Central.. 15% Oeceola 01
Miscellaneous — I Parrot 22%
Amer Sugar 117 ,<}ulncy' 95
Do pfd 118 ;8anta Fe Copper 1%
Amer Tel A Tel. 135% Tamarack . ..TT.110
Dominion I A S. t»2 Trimountaln .... 84
General Electric. ICtj Trinity «>i/
Mass Electric ... 23 United States 20%
Do pfd 80 Utah 28%
United Fruit 95%! Victoria 4
U S Steel 24 (Winona 954
Zio pfd Vi iWolverlne .70'
LONDON CLOSING STOCKS.
Cons for money.90 3-10 N Y Central. -.128%
Do for acct.... OOUtNor & West...f. . e« ,
'Anaconda 4% I Do prefd 80
Atchison C4> Pnt & Western.. 25%
De prefd «2% Pennsylvania . . . " K.V V
Bait A Ohio 83% Rand Mines ..... 10:
Can Pacific 128% Reading . 29"
Chesa. A Ohio.... 36% Do 1st prefd... 42
Chi Great RVest. 18V4 no 2d prefd... 36
p, M & St P. ...150 Southern Ry ...; 23%
De Beers 19%> Do prefd ..... 87Vj
Den A Rto G... 2Cfe South Pacific... 48
Do prefd 80 iUnlon Pacific ... 7'JVi
Erie 31% Do prefd .. »0
Do 1st prefd... 70 U S Steel........ 25ft'
Do 2d prefd.... 63 Do prefd ..... 75%
Illinois Central... 138% Wabash .23%
Louis A Nash... 110 Do prefd 39 '
Mo. Kan A Tex.. 21%
Bar silver — Dull. 25 7-16 per ounce.
Money— 2©2% per cent.
The rate of discount in the open market for
short bills Is 2% per cent.
The rate of discount In the open market for
three months' bills is 2% per cent.
'New York Grain and Produce.
NEW YORK, Aug. -IS.— FLOUR— Receipts.
38,700. exports, 21.900 barrels. Unsettled again
and lower to sell.
WHEAT— Receipts, 62.760 . bushels; exports.
1847 bushels. P»ot, weak. No. 2- red, 84% c
elevator and 87 %e f. o. b. afloat: No. 1 North
ern Duluth. 94 lie f. o. b. afloat; No. 1 hard
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
NEW FRUIT— Apricots. 6%ff9c for Royals
and 9@10c for Moorparks: Evaporated Apples,
5%©6%c; Peaches, 4%©7c for fair to good
stock: Pears, nominal at 7c.
OLD FRUIT— Evaporated Apples, 4S5%c:
sun-dried. :*@4c; Nectarines. 4g5c for white;
Plums. 4gtic for pitted and 1§1%c for unpit
ted; Figs'. 3%(g4c for black and 4&5c for white.
PRUNES — 1902 crop. 2%g2%c for the four
sizes, with %1?lc premium for the large sizes.
RAISINS — 1902 crop are quoted as follows:
2-crown loose Muscatels, 60-lb boxes, 5Ue per
lb; 3-crown. 5?4c; 4-crown. 6c: Seedless, loose)
Muscatel*. 5c; Seedless Sultanas, 5c; Seedless
Thompsons, 6%c; 2-crcwn London Layers. 20
lb boxes. $1 40 per box: 3-crown, $1 60: l
crown fancy clusters. 20-lb boxes. $2: 2-crown
Dehcsas. 20-lb boxes. $2 60; 6-crown Imperials,
20-lb boxes, $3; Seeded, f. o. b. Fresno, fancy,
1-lb cartons. 7^»c; choice. 7%c.
NUTS— Walnuts, No. 1 softshell. 12%©13c:
No. 2. 10%eil%c; No. 1 hardshell. Il%gl2c;
No 2 10$;10%e: new Almonds, lie for Nonpa
reils. 10%c tor I X U lOVic for Ne Plus Ul
tra and 8$ic for Languedoc; Peanuts, 5<g7e
for Eastern; Pecans, ll@13c; Cocoanuts, $4 30
65-
I HONEY — Comb. new. 12>igl3%c for white
and lie for amber; new water white extracted.
3%fi6c; light amber . extracted, 6@5%c; dark.
4V»©l-%c -
BEESWAX— 27329c per lb.
The trade reports quiet and unchanged mar
kets all along the line. A few cars of new
Teaches are going forward, but there Is not
much Joing in the other fruits. Nuts are
firmly held at about the opening prices. Honey
is also held with steadiness, with a light move
ment. -~,
Dried Fru its^utSyRaisins.Honey
PEACHES — 35®75c for small boxes and 60®
66c for large; to canners. $15920 per ton for
freestone and $20325 for clings; baskets from
the river. 25©40c.
MELONS— Cantaloupes, 75c®$l 50 per crate;
Nutmeg Melons. 5Og65c per box; Watermelons,
$5#15 per hundred. <"
GRAPES — Seedless. 40®6Oc per box and 65@
S6c per crate; Muscat. 5O#85c per box or crate;
Fontalnebleau. 30@50c per box or crate; Tokay.
50c6$l per box or crate; Black. 60®00c per box
or crate; Sweet water In large open boxes, 75c<g>
CITRUS FRUITS— Navel Oranges. $1 50®
2 60 per box; Seedlings. $1©1 25: Valencia*.
$233; St. Michael, $2g3; Mediterranean
Sweets $1 25@l 50; Lemons. 60c©$2 50; Grape
Fruit. '*1@1 23; Mexican Limes, $1^4 50; Ba
nanas. $2@2 50 per bunch; Pineapples, $2®
2 60 per dozen.
FIGS— 75c@$l 60 rer box.
PLUMS— 50®75c per crate and S0340c per
box; large cpen boxes. 40@75c; to canners, $20
®25 per ton.
NECTARINES — Nominal.
A freshly arrived carload of fancy Valencia
Oranges was on sale and met with a good
demand at $2 5Og3 per box. Otherwise there
was nothing n«w to report in Clttus fruits.
Large bunches of ripe Bananas readily com
manded full fisrures. while small bunches sold
at irregular prices.
STRAWBERRIES — Longworths, nominal;
other varieties, $3 50®6 per chest.
RASPBERRIES— $7®9 per chest.
BLACKBERRIES— $2 B0£4 per chest.
HUCKLEBERRIES— 6©Sc per lb.
APPLES— 85c6$l 15 per box for fancy. BOO
75c for good to choice and 25®40c for common;
Crabapples, 3Oj?40c for small boxes and 60©75c
PEARS— Bartletts. $1©1 25 for wrapped:
large open boxes, 73c@$l for No. 1 and 403030
for No. 2: to canners, $25335 per ton.
Local trade In fruits continued active owing
to the great Influx of strangers into -town to
attend the G. A.' R. Encampment. There was
a steady demand also for good sound stock,
suitably packed, for shipment north on the
Sound steamer, and a carload of fine wrapped
Bartlett Pears sold quickly for that purpose
at SI 23 per box. Peaches were the firmest
article on the list and good stock cleaned up
well at better • prices with occasional sales
of choice freestones from the mountains re
ported at a premium over the quotations.
Fine Gravensteln Apples - in four-tier boxes
were in demand and firm, but five-tier boxes
were dull at unsteady prices. Figs and choice
¦hipping Plums moved freely at rood prices.
Pears in bulk were well cleaned up and steady,
with some strictly fancy offerings selling up
to $40 . per ton. Good canning Plums found
ready sale when obtainable, but available sup
plies were very light and prices .cere largely
nominal.- There was not much demand for
Grapes, but fancy offerings were firmly held
In anticipation of a good demand for northern
shipment. Some choice offerings of the Rose
of Peru variety in large boxes from Stockton
were received and sold quickly at $1 2321 35
per box. and a crate of the Isabella variety
from Martinez, the first of the season, brought
$2 25. - Trading in Melons continued brisk and
Cantaloupes and Nutmeg Melons were firmer
under light receipts.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
and supply about balance. Spot stocks an
not large. - ...... , .
Receipts were 30.600 lba Butter, 627 cases
Eggs and 4100 lbs Cheese.
BUTTER— Creamery. 25®27%e; dairy. 20®
24c; store Butter. 17920c; Eastern. 22©24c
CHEESE — New, 12#12%c for ordinary and
13c for special marks; Young Amerca, 14®15c;
Eastern, 15%@18c; Western. 14015c per lb.
EGGS— Ranch. 27%e28e for large white se
lected and 25027c for good to choice; store, 20
©24c; cold storage. 25c; Eastern. 20£22c per
dozen.
Northern Business.
SEATTLE. Aug. 18.— Clearings, $717,273;
balances. $115,029. -
PORTLAND. Aug. 19.— Clearings, $528,938;
balances. $75,347.
TACOMA, Au*. 18.— Clearings, $282,811;
balances. $33,348.
SPOKANE, Aug. 18.— Clearings. $313,118;
balances. $35,989.
CHICAGO, Aug. 1?.— The wheat pit showed
a fair degree of strength at the start, due to
the steady cables, the foreign markets being
up on reports of wet weather in England and
on the continent. There was fair commission
house buying early in the day, and after open
ing J^0%c higher at 82%©82%c September
advanced to S2%c. The strength was of only
short duration, however, on the decline which
followed, there was considerable selling for
short account and many stop-loss orders were
received. The break in corn, helped along the
decline, as did large increase in the world's
visible. 2,400,000 bushels, and extreme weak
ness prevailed the latter part of the session.
After selling down - to S0%ic September closed
at S05i"gsojie, a loss of l%c for the day.
Corn was rather dull, and ruled weak
throughout the greater part of the session.
After celling between 51%@51»4c and 52^c,
September closed %c lower at 51%@31iic.
Oats were up a trifle at the start on a fair
support from commission houses. The close
was I a trifle easier, with September off lie
at 34c.
Provisions moved up some at the outset, as
the result of covering by shorts. The smaller
run of hogs and higher prices at the. yard 3
also helped in the advance. Later liquidation
set In, the declining tendency being augmented
by the lower grain prices. September pork
closed lftc lower at $12 07%; September pork
was up-5@7%c at ?7 87%Cf-7 90, and ribs were
10c lower at $7 40.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Chicago Grain Market.
Manitoba, 94%c' f. o. b. afloat. \> Options, after
a brief opening advance, due .-to Minneapolis
strength and covering, succumbed to a bear
raid. In the afternoon liquidation became ex
treme.- causing material declines all around,
aided by a large increase in world's stock*
and r>oor expert demand. Closing prices
Bhowed H@Ti<5 decline; May. S8U@89%c.
closed S*V*c; September, 86y t @37 11-16C,
closed 80%c; December, 8U 13-10QbSc, closed
- HOPS — Firm. . .
HIDES— Steady.
WOOL — Steady.
PETROLEUM— Steady.; .
I SUGAK — Raw, firm: fair refining, 3 5-16c;
centrifugal. 00 test, 3 13-16c; molasses sugar.
3 l-16e; refined, firm.-
COFFEE— Quiet. The market for futures
opened steady at an advance ofc 6 points «n
better primary and European cables aiid re
ports that Brazilian holders were looking for
higher prices as a result of the alleged crop
damage. Houses with European connections
and brokers supposed to represent the recog
nized bull contlnzent were buyers. while the
selling came from ¦ importers and scattering
longs who were taking profits. -The market
closed steady, n«t 5 to 15 points higher. Sales
were 42,250 bage. Including: September, 5.83c;
November. *.05#4.10c; December, 4.40«?4.45c;
March. 4.65@4.70c; May. 4.85c; July. 4.83c.
. ;.:-~^ DRIED FRUITS.
¦-EVAPORATED APPLES — The market is
easy, under a moderate demand, but without
quotable change. Common are held at 4@5%e;
prime, 59i©6c; choice, 6V4©6%c; fancy, 6%©
7%c.
PRUNKS— Spot prunes are steady to firm it
from 3c to 7c for all grades. Coast advices
state that growers have decided to hold for 3c
for size basis for new crop supplies.
-APRICOTS— Are firmly held. Choice are
quoted at 9<SD%c for new and S@S«ic for ola
crop. Old crop fancy are quoted at 10@12c.
PEACHES — Are firm, with choice quoted at
7® 7 fee and fancy at S@10%c.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, AUGUST 19, 1903.
LOCAL MARKETS.
STOCK MARKET.
Continued on Page Fifteen.
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
13
AUCTION SALES
g* fe Jfea
BIG AUCTION SALE OF
1000 HORSES
The first consignment of this lot will be sold oa
THURSDAY. Aug. 20. at 11 a, m..
At SUNSET SALES YARDS. 180 VALENCIA
ST., near Thirteenth.
If you want good sound young horses or
mares at your own prices don't fall to attend
this sale, as they must and -will be sold to tn-»
highest bidder.
S. WATKIN3. Auctioneer. 123 Grove st.
AUCTION SALE OF HORSES. WAGONS.
HARNESS. WEDNESDAY. Aujr. 19. at 11 a.
m. Arcado Horse Market. S27 Sixth st.
Every horse must be as represented or no sale.
JOHN J. DOYLE. Auctioneer.THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, AUGUST 19, 1903.
14
HELP WANTED — MALE Con.
PACIFIC EMPLOYMENT AGENCY.
520 — Sacramento tt — 520.
Cor. Leldesdorff st. Pbcne Main 1101. •
OREGON. OREGON.
r On Columbia River to
Astoria, Close, to Portland.
Astoria. Very cheap fare. Foe $1.
Fee SI. Company work.
No discount. No strike. Steady Job.
35 laborers, $51 and found.
15 rockmen, $59 found.
We ship on the O. R. & N. Co.'s steamers.
Call and see us to-day.
Steamer sails to Caspar to-day.
Free fare, fee $1, .50 laborers, teamsters and
tunnelmen. $2 to $2 75 day.
WilUt« — Uklah route. Free fare.
£0 laborers and teamsters. $2 25 day. Fee $1.
CALL AND GET A FREE LIST OF JOBS.
. Hundreds of other Jobs for you at the
PACIFIC EMPLOYMENT AGENCY.
520 Sacramento st. Phone Main 1191.
TRY our men's shoes, union made, at $1 and
$1 CO pair; foot-form shoes at $2 50: we pay
express or mall cbgs. 11 Third st. Exam. bid.
WANTED — For the U. S. Marine Corps, able-
bodied, unmarried men. between 21 and 35;
good character; must speak, read and write
English; marines serve at sea on men-of-war
In all parts of the world, on land In our isl-
and possessions, and at naval stations In the
United States. Apply at recruiting office. 40
Ellis St., San Francisco. Cal.; 222ft N. Main
St.. Los Angeles, Cal.. and 401 K st. Sacra-
mento, Cal.
WANTED — By a large tailoring establishment,
a first-class cutter of experience, ability and
pleasing personality; must have good char-
acter and habits; the position affords a good
salary: this is a splendid opportunity for the
right kind of a man. Address box 3343. Call.
A GOOD opportunity for a steady and sober
man with experience, to solicit orders and
take charge of delivery wagon for a whole-
sale liquor house; must furnish references
and bond. Apply Box 1016. Call office.
WANTED — Educated young man to learn our
business and take responsible position when
qualified; $900 per year; first-class references
required. Stoddard Lectures. 210 Examiner
building.
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkln. Reno House proprietor, haa
added 100 new rooms to the Denver House,
217 Third st.; 250 rooms; 25c per night. •
WANTED — First-class pressman on platen
presses. FORD. CMITH & LITTLE CO..
Los Angeles.
WANTED — Rough carpenters and laborers.
Apply room 14. 2C Montgomery st. San
Francisco Construction Company.
FOR SALE— 2-chalr barber shop; rent $12 50;
price $75. Box 1018, Call.
BARBER shop for sale. Inquire at Call of-
flce.
COATMAKER for country. REI3S BROS. A
CO.. 24 Butter st
MAN to do Janitor work for tuition in S. F.
Barber Schoei. 741A Howard st.
SAILORS and ordinary seamen for Europe and
Australia. HERMAN' 3. 26 Stenart at
500 MEN to buy new and 2d-hand army shoes.
SOc up; soling cheap. 923 Howard at. nr. 5th.
PENSION atty. E. A. Bullls. room 40. Phelan
bldg. Past Com. Geo. H.Thomas Post, G.A.R.
WINCHESTER Hotel, 44 Third st. near Mar-
ke* 1 — 700 rooms, 35c night; reading rooms;
free 'bus and baggage' to and from ferry.
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. S63 Mission at. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
GET your shoes half soled while waiting; 22c
to SOc. 563 Mission st. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
HORSES AND WAGONS.
ON account of going to build, entire stock of
wagons, buggies and harness must be sold at
sacrifice. Corner 15th' and Valencia sts.
4 GOOD big ranch mares; combination buggy,
$25; cart. $10: buggy, $12 59; we eon, $25.
7» City Hall ave.
GENTLE horse: will follow you; good home
more than nrlce. 473 Valencia st.
8 GOOD horses for sale cheap. 327 Sixth st
GOOD borse for sale, $15. 2091 San Bruno
ave.
3 SHETLAND ponies, harness and carts In-
cluded, fcr $125 each. 1504 Folsom st
ONE fine buggy, fruit wagon, cart. 2d-hand:
new laundry wagon, cheap. 828 Harrison st
Al EXPRESS wagon. light camping wagon
and gocart for sale cheap. &12 Mission st.
HOUSES TO LET.
A— PRINTED list of houses to let: send for cir-
cular. G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery.
BEFORE moving get our printed list of houses
to let. BALDWIN & HOWELLl 25 Post st.
HOUSES TO LET — FURNISHED.
A COMPLETELY furnished 2-story house; gar-
den; back and front rooms all sunny; reason-
able. Apply HOOKER & LENT. 19 Post st.
A WELL furnished house, piano. 8 rooms; very
sunny; fine location: 1.T75 Masonic ave. Apply
MADISON & BURKE. 30 Montcom ery st
LOST AND FOUND.
LOST — Monday, on Hayes, between Polk and
Franklin, one pair of diamond earrings, a
diamond stud and a breastpin In shape of
clover leaf; were all tied In a handkerchief.
Liberal reward at 103 Polk st.
REWARD of $10 for return of dress suit case
marked J. A. K.. left at corner Page and
Buchanan sts. Return to Dramatic Review
office. 26 Geary st.
REWARD for return of dress suit case marked
J. A. K., left at corner Page and Buchanan
sts. Return to Dramatic Review office. 26
Geary st.
LOST— Sunday, on Sutter st. car or 3:30 boat
Berkeley, a pansy enameled pin; pearl cen-
ter; $5 reward. Box 1019. Call office.
LOST — Saturday night, black cocker spaniel,
tan feet; liberal reward. DR. SHORT, room
101. Phelan building.
LOST — Sunday, wreath pin set with pearls;
reward. 911 Broadway.
LOST — In parade Aug. 18 medal; name Jacob
J. Mahr. Please return to 353 Turk st.
LOST' — Diamond stud, Aug. 17, bet. Berkeley
and 315 Ellis St.; liberal reward.
LOST— Red setter: license No. 10: suitable re-
ward for return to. owner. i 1413 Hyde st
LOST — Diamond shlrtstud, valued as keepsake.
Return to office Royal House; reward.
IT will pay to "Remember" that the California
Watch Case Co.. 220 Sutter St.. needs old
gold and silver to make new watch cases.
~ LOFTS TO X~T.
LOFT to lease — 656 Mission St.. NW". corner
of Annie; light loft of 4000 square feet; pas-
senger and freight elevator service; win Iea«e
for a term; rent reasonable. SHAINWALD
BUCKBEE & CO.. 213-220 Montgomery st.
Mills building.
MEDICAL. ~
MRS. DK. WYETH. specialist for all female
complaints; Instant relief guaranteed: 30
years' experience. 728 Post st. near Jones.
DR. G. W. O'DONNELL— All who are sick or
In trouble consult this specialist on female
complaints; positively corrected; the unfor-
tunate helped; the most difficult cases treat-
• ed: advlc j free. Office. 1013 Market at.
MRS. DR. KOHL, reliable specialist for all fe-
male troubles and Irregularities; Instant re-
lief guaranteed. 100S^ Market st.. opp. 5th.
MRS. D. ALLEN, HIS Market— Reliable ladles'
specialist ; a private home before and during
confinement: best medical care; low fees.
Drs Goodwin. 733 Turk. nr. Van Ness^ — Expert
In obstetrics, female comp. :25 yrs. experience.
DR and MRS. DAVIES and HINDOO HERB?
original method of treatment. 1126 Market st.'
DR. ROSEN, moved to 2995 Folsom st. cor.
26th; relief $10; iadles' exclusive office.
DR. NG TOY KEE. 319 Powell st.. opposite
Union square: all diseases cured by herbs.
MILLINERY. ~~
Ladles' Imported & tailored hats Just In; call-
prices low to start them going: frames made
to lit the face. MME. DOSCH. 207 Post st.
MINES AND MINING.
PRACTICAL and experienced mine superin-
tendent wishes position; good references.
Box 10-1C. Call.
FOR sale— -Whole or part Interest In process
for saving flour gold. Box 1040. Call.
MISCELLANEOUS— FOR. SALE.
BOILERS, engine*. 2d-hand machinery. McIN-
• TOSH & WOLPMAN. 195-197 Fremont st.
A GOOD reason to buy diamonds, watches and
Jewelry from us is that you need only pay a
small weekly payment on all purchases- all
goods delivered on first payment Call and
examine our goods/ even If you don't car* to
buy. LJCHTEXSTEIN BROS.. 25 Stockton.
NEW lumber for sale; used for official grand-
stand at City Hall square; bids must be in
before Aug. 19, 5 p. — ... at 103 Golden Gate
ave.
MOVING pictures, magic lanterns, sale, rental;
bargains. Bullard & Breck. 131 Post st.
The nay which our artist haa here shown in the sketch
Is not one of the class that a big price will fetch,
Nor is it of the kind that's told of in The Call,
Which are always the best and well thought of by all.
If a horse you would buy that will fill you with pride, '
Will be pleasant to drive and still more so to ride.
You should look o'er our ads, for you'll find without fail
Just the creature you wish is there offered for sale.
MISCELLANEOUS FOR SALE— Con.
DOES YOUR ROOF LEAK?
Repair it with elaterlte; In rolls easy to lay:
needs no painting or coating: good over old
Iron tin or ehinglea; best for new roofs.
ELATERITE ROOFING CO.. 713 Market st.
A— Fine suits. $7 50; dress pants, $2 CO. Origi-
nal Misfit Clothing Parlors, 238 Kearny St..
near Bush; open to 9 p. m. Sunday to noon.
A $3 50 DERBY and fedora hats. $1 75. Pop-
ular Price Hatters. 330 Kearny «t.. near Pine;
open till 9 p. m. Sunday to noon.
A BUYS, sells, or rents gear machinery, en-
gines boilers, water pipe, shafting, pulleys.
etc. WHITELAW. 253-K3 Spear st.
SECOND machinery, boilers, engines, pumps"
wood and Iron working machinery, bought,
sold and rented. H.3.WHITE. 13ft- 132 B^ale.
— RY our men's" shoea at $1 and $1 30 pair:
foot-form shoes at $2 50; we pay express
charges. 11 3d st.. Exam, bid's.; catalog free.
n\S and gasoline engines, new and second-
hand: all sizes. E. B. BECK & CO.. 122
Market st. >
MILES of pipe and fittings: all sizes. EC-
GENE RILEY A SONS. 109 Vallejo st.
MOVING picture film and song slides. 109
Montgomery st.
SAFES— New and second-hand. E. B. BECK
St CO.. 122 Market st.
All bargains "camp stools and chairs, hammock*.
. metal beds. mattresses.J.F.Hotter.712 Mission.
Edison phonographs, records, supplies. — ovln«
picture machines, films. Baclgalupl. 933 Mkt.
G\SOLINE engines automobile* and launches.
all sizes. J. F.. DOAK. 40 Fremont St. ;
SAFES— New and second-hand. THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO.. 417-423 Sacramento st.
ASK for' prices on second-hand typewriters; _iU
makes. ALEXANDER & CO.. 110 Monty y^
MISCELLANEOUS WANTS.
WANTED — To buy a bushellng shop; must b«
a bargain. Box 3324. Call office.
TILTON wants good second-hand clothing and]
theatrical goods. 154 t)th St.: tel. Jeswio 2S31.
MONEY TO LOAN.
AAA— HERMAN MURPHT.
601-602-603 Examiner building.
Quick settlements: no disappointment.
Save expenses by dealing directly.
Estates, second mortgages, undivided inter-
ests assignments of rents, property In trust,
etc.; legacies, life estates and undivided ta-
terests In property purchased.
Courteous treatment. Strictly confidential.
When You Need Money
See HERMAN MURPHY.
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry, at
lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store. 849
Market st. ; tel. Main 1644. Branch. 19 Third.
MONEY loaned to salaried people, retail mer-
chants, teamsters, boarding-houses, without
security; easy payments; largest business la
• 46 principal cities. Tolman. 553 Parrott bldg.
A— 1 per cent on furniture or piano :no removal:
• no commission: no publicity; $25 up; quick.
quiet, confidential. 26 Montgomery St.. r. 7.
MUNICIPAL LOAN OFFICE. 103 Grant ave.,,
LOANS FROM $1 TO $10.000. >
AT cut rates on real estate, furniture or pianos
no commission. E. W. LICK. 1003 Mutual
Eav. Bk. bid.. 708 Market; phone Main 819.
8. F DISCOUNT AGENCY — Loans to salaried
people on their note.
The TOUSLEY CO 143 Phelan bldg.
MONEY to loan on low Interest: gold, sliver,
diamonds, pearls and precious stones bought
at W. J. HESTHAL'S. 10 Sixth st. ;
MONEY loaned to salaried employes. G. W.
MILLER, room 74. fifth floor. Chronicle bldg.
ONE per cent on furniture: $5 a month on each
$1000; any security. 302 Montgomery, room 1«.
3% ON furniture _ pianos; $15 up: no removal;
V. TREMAIN. room 81. 6 Eddy St.. floor 4.
ALL loana on diamonds and Jewelry 2 per cent
mo. S. F. Collateral Loan Bank. 538 Kearny.
STAR Loan Co of Wyoming loans money to
salaried employes. R. 311. Mutual Sav.Bk.bld.
CASH loaned salaried people on notes without
Indorser. MORRELL. 600 Examiner bid.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
AMONG OUR BARGAINS ARE:
3 Chlckerinys $150, $135. $2^
1 Filsher; upright $6.;
1 Jewett: mahogany; new ......$18t»
1 Schaffer; mahogany; new ...$;l.>».t
2 Emerson $IS5. $215
2 Stelnway *1S>5. $'.'19
3 Heine $2J5 to $J35
25 squares $l» to *17w
7 organs "........ .$10 to $7S
Rents $2 up allowed on purchase; Install-
ments $4 up; piano player* from $90 up;
new pianos from $117 up. HEINE PIANO
CO.. 235-237 Geary »t.. agents tor the Gat»-
ler. Krell. Steger. etc.
A SMALL walnut Emerson upright, absolutely
like new. $135. 237 Geary st.
bTEINWAY upright, left by private party.
$163; a great bargain. 237 Geary st.
A FEW upright barsains from $70 up, compris-
ing such makes aa Chickerins. Jacohson.
Vose. Stirling, Knabe, Fischer. Schwechten.
Weser, Schuman and others; easy payments.
BENJ. CURTAZ & SON. 16 O'Farrell St., no
branches in San Francisco.
BAUMEISTER stands for all that is good In
piano manufacture: also you can buy It for
a reasonable amount of money. THE ZE.NO
MAUVAIS ML'SIC CO.. 769 Market st. AU
pianos on easy payments.
G A R VISITORS — Free Cecllian Piano)
Player concert* daily at BYRON MAUZY' 3.
All are welcome. 3C8 Post st.
BAND Instruments; F. Besson. Pari«.~maXeT.
Gus Malwald. Agt. Pac. Coast. 278 O'Farrell;
skillful repairing: 2d-hand instruments sold.
THE big piano sale at BYRON MAUZY'S 19 •>
grand chance to purchase a piano cheap.
:{08 Peat st.
UNFORSEEN circumstances cause, sacrifice of
first-class 3-pedal upright piano. 3SS Goldea
Gate ave^
BARGAIN — Standard make upright; good con-
dltlon. SCHMITZ & CO.. 16 McAllister st.
Unredeemed storage planes and furniture dirt
cheap. Whltehead'a Storage. 163C Market.
A GRAND rush at BYRON MAUZY'S sale of
pianos: uprights. $50 up; squares. $20 up*.
308 Post st.
BEAUTIFUL 3-pedal Stelnway upright piano:
perfect order; sacrifice. Keeffe's.2S3 O'Farrell.
BUY direct from the factory and save 50 pe?
cent. HORNUNO. 218 McAllister st. -
CALL at BYROX MAUZY'S Piano House and
get prices on pianos which will please you.
308 Post st.
KOHLER & CHASE. 30 O'Farrell «.; largest
and oldest piano house.
BEST renting piano In city for $3 per m ont_
BCOTT -CURTAZ PIANO CO.. 860 Hayea st.
SOH.MER, Byron Mauzy pianos. Cecillan piano
player. BYRON MAUZY. 3C3-312 Post St.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H-
MULLER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
OFFICES AND STORES TO LET.
EMMA SPRECKELS building. 927 Market st—
Office to let; rent $15; light, heat. Janitor aad
telephone. ASHTON & GARDINER.
SANSOME. 712. near Jackson— Handsome Jarga
store to let; rent $25. __— -————¦——¦
PERSONALS.
A GRAPHOPHONE free with two dozen rec-
ords. Make your friends a present. Ta!kln<
machines and records or all makes ex-
changed. We are manufacturing headquar-
COLU MBIA U pHwfoo"iAPH e CO.. 125 Geary
St.. S. F.. and 46rf Thirteenth St.. Oakland.
A-FACIAL BLEMISHETREMOVED
Wrinkles, yellow and fiabfcy s*in, birthmarks,
traallpox pittings and scars scientifically re-
moved without cutting, massags. electricity or
medicines; special demonstrations this we-k.
Call or write DR. L. WILLIAM3. 371 O«ary.
THE Star Hair Remedy restores gray hair, tm-
proven Its growth;stops falling;curea dandruff,
and' Itching scalp: no statn or stickiness;
cleanses »calp:at druggists", hairdressers' ;ac-
cept no substitute. Star RcmedyCo.."S50eary.
WANTED— 999 men with scalp diseases; Iom
of ball and baldness prevented lean treat by
mail blank for stamp); consultation free;
8-30'to 6 Sundays 10 to 12. Prof. GEO. A.
GARLOW. Specialist, room 218. 937 Market.
NOT how cheap, but how good, la the motto ol
the manufacturers of the Rapid Rotary
Standard, the sewing-machine of to-day. J.
W. EVANS, agent. 1021 Market st.
PHYSICIAN. 11 years' experience, cures per-
manently morphine, cocaine habit. Call or
address Central Pharmacy. 231 Grant av*..
corner Sutter St.: fee moderate.
DANCING Tuesday. Thursday. Saturday and
Sunday evenings at Teutonla Hall. Howard
St.. near Ninth: management Prof. Foster.
AT leas than cost, uncalled for nults. overccata
acd trousers, at CHARLES LYONS'. London
Tailor. 721 Market st.
THE hlghes: price paid for ladles' or gents
rsst-off etching and all articles of value At
WE1NBERG'£_ 1 14A Ellin st . r -
ELEOANT »ult» on ea*y installments: 5O cants
and up per week. LEON LEMOS. 1127 Mar-
ket St.. between Seventh and Eighth.
NOTICE to milkmen — For sale* at the Plant
Farm Dairy Co.. 511-516 Octavia st. 200
gallons of milk.
BANGHART & WEYER. * " '
Collector*.
No. 1170 Market Street. Room ST.
HELP WANTED— MALE — Con.
MURRAY _ READY,
Phone Main 5848. 634-636 Clay st.
Leading Employment and Labor Agents.
Office half, block long; 14 clerks employed:
by our own printing plant we publish a free
bulletin of labor containing every position
segregated under departments ready for dis-
tribution 7 a. m. ; also noon and evening
editions; get one free.
THIS IS WHAT
MADE US FAMOUS.
We know no distinction between man and
man.
YOU ARE ALL EQUAL.
YOU ARE ALL WELCOME.
1902 we gave 1903 we'll give
45,000 men work. 60,000 men work.
We ship you Free to one
Free to-day. Free to all.
Ogden, Utah, * AU parts Nevada,
Los Angeles County, ! Santa Barbara.
; Chatsworth Park, Hawaiian Islands,
Santa Susana, Oregon,
San Fernando, Washington,
Los Angeles County, Central America,
Arizona, Willits, Uklah,
And All Points North. East. South,
Including Ogden, Utah.
Carpenters and helpers, pile drivers, fence
builders, drillers, single, double and machine
men, corner and bench hands, muckers,
chuck tenders, car dumpers, teamsters, la-
borers, track men, cooks, waiters, black-
smiths, etc., $5, $4, $3 60, $3, $2 50, $2 day.
Free fare. Free fare. Free fare.
Everybody talking. Thousands going.
Are you? Are you? Are you?
MURRAY & READY.
¦ 634 and 636 Clay st.
165 MEN OR BOYS! "
Fruit pickers— MO and found — Fruit pickers.
Fare $1, fee $1, 3 months' Jobs, picking,
packing and drying.
"65 laborers and teamsters, city and country
Jobs, $2. $2 50, $3 day. All classes of work.
Come see.
153 Italians, $2 25 day, you board yourselves.
Steady Jobs. '.
26 laborers, free fare. 14 miles away. $42 fd.
20 laborers, you'll suit, factory, fare paid.
$67 50. ,
155 coal miners, free fare, $3 to $5 day.
1C5 laborers and teamsters, Willits. Ukiah.
free fare, $67 50.
DO YOU KNOW?— FREE FARE.
Op every train we shlr> to S. P. Co.'s own
work, on all divisions, laborers, extra gangs,
also section hands. •
DIAMOND MATCH COMPANY.
186 teamsters and axmen. $75.
197 laborers and drillers, $75.
155 track layers and ballast track. $67 50.
Cost you only $1. No discount; steady Job.
MINES. QUARRIES. TUNNELS.
15."» laborers, you'll suit, $60 and $75, fd
OK miners and tlmb^rmen, $90
ISO quarry men, also drillers, $82 to J90
96 carmen, furnace men. $75
STABLES. FARMS. DAIRIES, HARVEST.
l!»ti farm, orchard, vyd. hands. $30 to $45. fd
SS milkers, butter makers, $30, $.15. $40. fd
ir.fi harvest hands, hay balers, $2 50-$3 day
O> choremen, coachmen, gardeners. $30- $50, fd
16 stablemen, city and country. ' $.'5O-$45. 4<\
86 men for brick yards, $35 to $S0, fd
MARRIED HELP WANTED.
12 men and wives, farms, orchards, mines,
mills. $40 to $70. fd.
MURRAY & READY.
63t-&'16 Clay st.
_______________
85 LUMBER TRUSTS AND SYNDICATES.
LOCATED IN FOUR STATES.
MANAGERS HERE. TWO TERRITORIES.
FREE — FARE— FREE.
905 laborers, no experience wanted, $35 to
$70 and found.
lRtl experienced mill and yard men, $40 to
$liiO and found.
383 woodsmen'. $40 to $150 and found.
386 woodchoppers, ttemakers, thlngle. post,
picket and box bolt makers, tools and pro-
visions found.
BIG L MURRAY & READY.
TRUSTS. 634-630 Clay st.
COOKS — BIG PAY.
COOKS— BIG PAY. COOKS— COOKS.
26 cooks for harvest and fruit ranches, hay
presses, etc., $70, $00. $50. $40. $30 fd. ; very
few men to cook for, no women there.
4 cooks for different mines, $70. $65, $50, $40
and found.
46 cooks, hotels, restaurants, cafes, stations,
etc., $70 to $40 and found.
WAITERS.
82 waiters, different places, including cafes
and grills, S45 to $30 and found.
6 bell and elevator boys, city and country
positions, ?15 to ?30 and found.
9 porters and bedmakers, city and country
positions, ?45 to '20 and found.
86 dishwashers, city and all parts of Califor-
nia, 540 to ?25 and found.
12 butchers, different Jobs, $35 to $60 fd.
6 bnkers, 5 helpers. $-15 to $50 ami found.
15 boya to learn trades, work In factories,
$6 to $12 a week.
MURRAY & READY. 631-636 Clay st.
MECHANICAL.
33 carpenters, new job, fare $1. $90.
16 blacksmiths* helpers, located everywhere,
$90 to $45 and found. -
Also 95 other different mechanics: come see.
Pattern maker. large sawmill, free fare. $120.
MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay st.
SPECIAL NOTICE.
We'want S603 men not advertised for; come
Se6 ' MURRAY & READY.' 634-636 Clay st.
BOYS wanted Immediately to pare fruit with
machine; good wages. California Canneries'
Co., 423 Brannan st.
WANTED — Stenographer: young man for posi-
tion in«country town; must be quick, accu-
rate, have some knowledge of bookkeeping,
write good hand: ' in answering give expe-
rlence. rets, and sal, required. Box 3340, Call.
¦WANTED — Boys to deliver telegrams: wages,
$25 to $35 per month. Apply .100 Montgom-
ery st.
WANTED — Short order cook, small restaurant,
to help generally; elderly man preferred, $25
per month and found. 2723 Sutter Et.
TRY our men's shoes, union made, at $1 and
$1 50 pair; foot-form shoes at $2 f>0: we pay
express or mall chgs. 11 Third st.. Exam. bid.
BOY wanted. HARSHALL'S. 12'Keamy.
WANTED — A platen pressman. SANBORN,
VAIL & CO*., 741 Market st.
FIRST-CLASS tinner wanted. Call 8 a. m.
1832 Union St., near Octavia.
WANTED— To buy a good barber shop In'
country town. GUS MAUER, 510 Utah.
A BEDMAKER wanted, at 560 Howard st.
BARBER wanted. 291 Seventh st. '
TINSMITHS wanted; steady work for good
workmen. 17 Drumm St.. ,
PORTER wanted Tor barber shop. Call at
200 Market St., between 7 and 8 a. m.
A DISHWASHER wanted. . 294 First St.. $15
a month. ' , , .
DISHWASHER, assist cooking, ?8 a week.
Restaurant. 126 Ninth x Bt.
DISHWASHER wanted. 1500 Kentucky st.
MAN : to help around .small house; part pay-
ment for room and, board. 1053 Howard st.
BOY of 16. generally . useful, wholesale house.
$4 60 per week. Box 1020. Call office. ¦
BOY wanted at 259 Stevenson st.. between
Third and Fourth.
$275 BARBER shop, sale $100; snap for right
man; retiring. InQUlre 1541 Geary st.
E^jJtTJu— "yS^rffi^* al^IHPSK^T'^3BE_E^_f^BB__BB— BBHJHBMRft t___lfc "fO
\ - '
HELP WANTED— FEMALE— Con ;
OUTING In the country and earning money at
same time; women and girls wanted to cut
fruit; working pears and peaches, the most
profitable part of the season; comfortable
workroom; furnished room for two, with use
of kitchen. In private family, $1 60 per week;
free camping grounds. Further information,
220 Market' st.. room 12: come at once to LOS
GATOS CANNERIES. Los Gatos, Cal.
WOMEN and girls wanted to work on fruit
and canning; steady work; highest wages.
Apply California Canneries Co.. Brannan
St.. between Third and Fourth.
SEWING MACHINE OPERATORS AND RIV-
ETERS: NO EXPERIENCE NECESSARY:
PAID SALARY. LEVI STRAUSS & CO.'S
FACTORIES. 32V4 FREMONT ST. AND 1873
MISSION, NEAR FIFTEENTH.
WOMEN and girls to work on fruit; steady
employment:* day and piece work; highest
wages. CODE-PORTWOOD CANNING CO.,
« Bryant and Tenth.
EXPERIENCED GIRLS ON PATENT BUT-
TON MACHINES. LEVI STRAUSS & CO..
32^4 FREMONT ST. MR. DAVIS.
GERMAN girl in home restaurant for plain
cooking and to help on tables at lunch; fair
wages. 1837 Union st.. near Octavia.
PANTS finishers wanted by S. N. WOOD &
CO. Apply at 27 Geary st.; union wages.
A— HANDFINISHERS wanted to work In fac-
tory. 6iti Mleslon St.. 3d floor; take elevator.
GIRL6 wanted; collar rubber. The Electric
Laundry, 837 Folsom st. ¦
WANTED — Woman for light hoi^work; good
home. Call 382 Fourteenth et.
GOOD skirt hand; apprentice, paid while learn-
ing. 121 Geary St.. Starr King bldg., r. 336.
"ESPECTABLE middle-aged American, two
In family, $15. 371 Minna St.. near Fifth.
WANTED — Girls to work In factory. Apply
Trunk Factory, Eighteenth and Folsom sts.
WANTED— Women and girls to work on fruit.
1731 Folsom st. . • " ¦ - .
TALENTED amateur performer*. Apply at
Chutes 0 p. m. Wednesday; salary no object.
ITALIAN lady who can speak English wanted
to travel. Apply Girls' Directory, Central
ave. and Waller st. _^
LADY of good address to represent high-grade
magazine; good pay. 50 Columbian building.
ELDERLY German Catholic woman for hou»e-
work; $7 per week. 1071 Market st.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 22(X> FUlmore st
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
rufcBcrlptions has been established at 1090
Valencia Et. _
HELP WANTED MALE.
AT CALIFORNIA EMPLOYMENT AGENCY.
K) Third st., nr. Call bldg.; phone Bush 403.
Section hands, coast line and all parts of
California.
S. P.'S OWN WORK.
FREE FARE>-FREE FARE.
50 section hands, ?1 60 and $1 70 a day.
BUTTE COUNTY — CHICO.
50 teamsters and rockmen, ?2 50 a day.
60 laborers and axmen. $2 25 a day.
COAL MINERS.
FREE FARE^OREGON.
25 miners, $1 a ton.
5 miners, single-hand, S3 a day.
5 muckers, $2 50 a day.
FlvEt* x* A rtE 1 * 1 ™^ AS* A*l«
10 tunnelmen, $2 75 a day.
10 teamsters and muckers, $2 25 a day.
10 laborers and teamsters. $2 a day. j
No discount: no hospital fee.
8 men for the sawmills, $30 to $60 a month
and board. TO-DAY.
96 families, boys and men, to pick prunes,
hops and grapes.
Blacksmith, country, $3 a day.
12 laborers, $2 25 a day.
CAL. EMP. AGENCY. 59 Third st.
2 STOUT boys for mill. $1 50 day: 4-horse
steamEter. $40 and found; farmer, $2o and $.t0
and found; 2 farmers and wives, $40 and $50
and found; choreman. $25 and found; laun-
dryman for Institution, $40 and found;, as-
sistant laundryman. $30 and found; 3 section
men for railroad. $'J day: laborers for mines,
quarries, etc.. $2 and $2 50 day; 4 laborers
> for mill and woods, $55; 8 miners. $3 day; 0
woodchoppers for mine. $1 50 cord; 2 sheep
herders. $30 and found, and many others.
J. F. CROSSETT & CO., 628 Sacramento St.,
BARKEEPER. $50: hotel cook. $60; butler, cook
and wife. $60 and found; hotel cook. $45; res.
taurant. 2d cook. $60; waiters; dishwashers,
$30: potwaehers, $30; restaurant porter, $:»0.
and others. J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 628
Sacramento st.
ANDRE'S office, 317 Stockton st. — Bricklayers,
country; gardener, country, $35: plain gar-
dtner and do Janitor's work, $25, country:
assistant Janitor, $25; porter for liquor store.
$40; 2 vegetable men, $20 and $30; glass
pantryman, hotel, city, $25; chicken butcher.
$50: assistant butcher, $25; stableman, fac-
tory, country, $25; assistant gardener, milk
1 cow, $30; assistant waiter, $30: waiter for
Eureka, fare paid. $45; potwasher. $30, etc.
A— HOTEL GAZETTE. 26 Montgomery, r. 12—
Potwasher, $30; vegetable man, $30.
WANTED— Master molder, $5 76 per diem: an
examination will be held at the Navy Yard,
Mare Island, Cal., August 28, 1903, to fill the-
above position. For application and further
information, address "Commandant, Navy
Yard. Mare Island, Cal.
BOY 16 to 18 years old to attend soda foun-
tain; no experience necessary; must live at
home with parents: boy of Germaji Jeacent
preferred; wages $ft week to begin. Inquire
between 8 and 10 a. m. Bt 810 .Market st. -
WANTED— A first-class redwood lumber sales-
man thoroughly familiar with local* and do-
mestic markets: highest references required;
state experience and salary expected; no
brokers need apply. Box 1045. Call office.
GOVERNMENT positions — Examinations soon;
write for free circular 14, giving various po-
sitions, salaries, etc. Polytechnic Business
College. Oakland. Cal.
TRY our men's shoes, union "made, at v $l and
$1 50 per pair: foot-form shoes at $2 50, -or
orthopedic fho s, $3 CO; best 'shoea on earth. 11
Third st., Exam, bldg.. B doors from Market.
WANTED — Young man who is an experienced
¦ dry goods wrapper. Apply between 9 and 11
a. m. at HALE BROS. !
WANTED— Cash boys from 12 to 15 years.
Apply at once S. N. WOOD & CO., 740 Mar-
ket at. ,
SKIVER wanted on • boots and shoes : steady
work. Apply to BUCKINGHAM & HECKT,
Twenty-sixth and Valencia sts., S. ' F.
FURNITURE packer wanted; state experience,
salary expected: must, have practical city
experience. -Address ¦ box 1043, Call office.;
EXPERIENCED layer-off; steady. CARSOX
GLOVE CO.. 123 Second St.
BOY, 16 years, to learn trade: wa?«s to start.
CARSON GLOVE CO.. 123 Second at.
EDUCATIONAL — Continued. -.
CALIFORNIA Business College. 305 Larktn st.
"A thorough school"; positions secured • for
graduates; modern methods; individual in-
struction. Write for illustrated catalogue.
YOUNG lady or gentleman to take lessons in
French, physical culture or higher English.
In exchange for gentleman's room. Box 1044,
Call oflce. ¦
THE Berlitz School of Languages has removed
to 1000 Van Ness ave.; rates reduced during
summer. Send for catalogue. •
ENGINEERING — Civil, elec. mln., mech., sur-
vey, assay, cyanide; day. eve.; est. 1864 Van
der Naillen School, 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
SYSTEM, discipline and results: the Golden
Gate Commercial College, Van Ness and
Golden Gate aves..S.F. : fills every requlremnt
DANCING Tuesday, Thursday," Saturday and
Sunday evenings at Teutonla Hall, Hcward
St.. near Ninth; management Prof. Foster.
PIANO and German; pupil of'Lelpslc Conser-
vatory; lessons 75c and (1. 346 Golden Gate.
AT Kingsland Art Shop — Drawing, painting
and burnt work. 11&4 Halght St., near Lyon.
KENT Law School, day and night; assures ad-
mission to the bar. 554 Parrott building.
SCHOOL OF ILLUSTRATION Day and
PARTINGTON'S, 424 Pine st Night class
LESSONS given In Water Color or Oil Paint-
ing from Nature. CURRIER. 372 Sutter st.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar. writing,
etc.; day or eve.; $5 mo. 1024 Mission, nr.6th.
Chicago Business College. 1435 Market, nr. 10th.
Pittman shorthand, typing, bookkpg., $S mo.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 FUlmore.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
GEORGE AOKI. 421 Poet st.; tel. Bush 135—
Japanese-Chinese employment office; fur- '
nlshes best help; contracts for farm help. etc.
A — ORPHEUS! Employment Office — Japanese-
Chinese help. 426 Powell. Tel. Main 5752.
A— GRAND Japanese-Chinese Emp. Office. 415
Stockton; tel. Grant 168; expert.rellable help.
CHINESE Employment Office — Best help at
Leon Seung's. 4111$ O'Farrell; tel. East 426.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of-
flce; all kinds help. 315 Stockton; Main 5138.
CHINESE and Japanese help; estab. 20 years.
Tel. Main 1997. BRADLEY & CO.. 640 Clay.
I EMPLOYMENT WANTED FEMALE.
', A LAJDY delegate to the encampment of G. A.
R. "rom New York State desires a situation
as nurse for an elderly lady or eiderly couple
or housekeeper where servants are kept;
large experience; reliable. Call or address
E. A. KINGSBURY, 11C4 O'Fariell st.
! TRAINED nurse with knowledge of bookkeep-
ing, speaking French and English, desires
position in physician's office or any light
occupation. MISS G. A. R.. 1259 O'Farrell.
AN American lady Just from Europe, speak-
ing German, desires position as housekeeper
or seamstress in respectable family. Box
1023. Call office.
STRONG young" woman would like place as
housekeeper or chambermaid; country pre-
ferred. Call 123 Tenth st.. city.
A COMPETENT girl wants cooking or house-
work; references. 3 Surrey court, off Geary.
i WANT ads and subscriptions taken for The
Call at Eaton's Bazaar. 633 McAllister st.
A BRANCH oftice for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1099
Valencia st.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED-pMALE.
AN experienced packer and cellarman wants
position with wholesale house; city refer-
ences. Box 1039. Call.
YOUNG man of good appearance (American)
wishes situation of any kind for the present.
Address J. E. C. box 1032. Call.
A REFINED, good natured old gentleman,
eminently respectable, good habits, unln-
cumbered, desires a position as companion.
Box 3338. Call office.
MARRIED German florist and gardener wishes
permanent position;, either commercial or
private. Box luag.-^Call. "•¦•¦•
PAINTER. Eastern man. wants work by day
or small Jobs and contracts taken. Address
painter. 1121 Webster St.
SITUATION wanted: a butcher, sober and
steady man. Box 1027. Call office.
AN experienced wine maker and cellar man
wishes potitlon. Please apply 630 Sacramento.
JAPANESE student wants position as school-
boy in small family; without room; speaks
English. S. K., 1329 Pine st.
JAPANESE student wants position as school-
boy; sjjeaks English. KONDO, 1320 Pine st.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch of'ce, 2200 Flllmofe.
~~~ FLATS TO LET.
' HOUSES and fiats to let; an immense list; ser-
vice absolutely free: take advantage of -this
department; It will *ave you time and
trouble. Cordes Furniture Co.. 245-259 Geary
tt . on the square.
CORNER Noe and Elizabeth sts.; new. sunny
flat on corner, 10.V) Noe St.; modern improve-
ments; convenient to Twenty-fourth and Cas-
tro st. cars; rent reasonable.
PAGE. 80S, near Pierce— 5-room flat and bath;
reasonable rent.
'PIERCE. 233 — U-room flat, very sunny, with
bath; near Haight st.
HAYES 609J corner Laguna — Three sunny
. rooms and yard: rent reasonable^
TO let— Flat of four rooms; 18U7 O'Farrell.
HOOKER &. LENT. 14 Post St.
FURNITURE WASTED.
A. WOLLPERT, 773 Mission, phone Red; 4462,
buys, rents, repairs. • packs furniture, carpets-
IIELP WANTED — FEMALE.
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO. Hello, Grant 185.
HOTEL DEPARTMENT.
Working housekeeper, commercial hotel,
country, fare paid, 550; waitresses and
chambermaids to wait; chambermaids, San
Rafael. Healdsburg, San Jose, Chico. city.
WatsonVille, Santa Cruz. Palo Alto, Pacific
Grove; cook and wife, country hotel, $C0;
N nurse, mental cases, institution, countiy, $30;
fancy lroner. country hotel. $35; cook for
from 5 to 20 persons, party here, $35.
FAMILY DEPARTMENT.
2 Scandinavian houseglrls for two choice
places, short distance. $25; 2 German girls,
Santa Cruz, $20 each: 2d girl, middle-aged
couple, near Oakland, $20, party here; cook,
city. $30: others.
C. R. HANSEN & CO. 420 Bush st.
WANTED — 4 cooks, $30, $35; 3 houseglrls, $30.
$.¦(.% $10; companion old lady, $25; 4 second
girl's. $20. $25; man and wife, kitchen work,
JOT; 4 nurse girls. $15, $20, $25; cook, smalt
restaurant, $30; kitchen helper, $20; 'i Swed-
ish laundresses. $30; nurse to lady. $25: 4
waitresses, hotels, city and country. $20, $25;
cook, country hotel, $40; kitchen helper, in-
stitution, $20; nurse for children home, $20;
housework, San Rafael. $25; Ross Valley, $30
and 40 girls for housework at $20, $25, $30.
Apply to J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 334 Gut-
ter st.
HA1RDRESSINO. manicuring, macsage, hair
work; removal of superfluous hair taught
from A to Z in 2 weeks for $10; positions
guaranteed: $10 to $20 per week; school day
and eve. 233 Geary, r. 13; maids prepared.
A— LADIES, learn all branches halrdresslng
trade; manicuring, massage, etc.; 1236 Mar-
ket st.. cor. Jones, room 94: positions secured
, at highest wages; day and eve. class; call.
A — Girls to learn millinery now for fall senson:
both seasons taught from start to finish in one
month for $10; positions aa trimmers, sales-
ladies, etc., guaranteed at $10 per week up;
day and evening class. 14VStockton st., r. 13.
CYLINDER vamper; steady work; on men's
fine shoes. Apply to BUCKINGHAM &
HECHT. 2Cth and Valencia sts., S. F.
SHOE fitters on men's shoes wanted: steady
work. Apply to BUCKINGHAM &. HECHT,
Jffeth and Valencia sts. S. F.
WANTED — Experienced dress skirt maker.
Call at I. MAGNIN & CO.. 43-53 Ellis St..
between 0 and 10 a. m. f .
WANTED — Experienced millinery maker. Ap-
ply, between 0 and 11 a. m.. at HALE
BROS'.
WANTED — Young lady to keep stock In
wholesale millinery house. Apply HOLM &
NATHAN, 512 Market St.
BO<">K folders and sewers; girls wanted to learn
the business; waeres paid fro— the start. F.
MALLOYE, 422 Sacramento it.
A — OPERATORS on ladles' underwear; good
wages. C5'i Mission st., 3d fioor.
A — GIRLS from 14 to 17 to sew by hand. 656
Mission St., 3d floor; take elevator.
GIRLS wanted; wages from start. CARSON
GLOVE CO.. 123 Second st. ¦; • -;
WANTED — Talloress on coats. Apply 701
Geary st. .
GERMAN girl .wanted for general housework.
675 McAllister st.
A FIRST-CLASS maker for millinery. Apply
Superintendent's Office, The Emporium.
COMPETENT girl for cooking and- general
housework; family of four, in - Belvedere;
liberal wages. Call 1005 Pacific ave.. from
11 to 2 o'clock Wednesday, August 19. ¦ _
WANTED — At once a competent maid, able to
cut and fit; must be good packer and willing
, to travel. Apply 123 Phelan Building, be-
' tween 10 and 12 i
DtSI.VESS CHAXCES — Continued. J
MAXAGKK wanted— A national concern with
headquarters In New York would like to cor-
respond with men of ability who are capable
of establishing branch ofnee and managing
a large business on salary basis. They must
be hustlers, strictly trustworthy, well edu-
cated and able to Invest from $3000 to $jO0O
in a thoroughly established, successful and
legitimate business; references exchanged.
Box 400. 617 Sixth ave.. New York.
OUTSIDE route No. 4 this paper for sale.
Inquire hardware store. 19th and Folsom sts.
-OPG'XG- HOL * SES FOR . SA _k B '
". H.~ C. DECKER^
906 MARKET. COR. STOCKTON.
PHONE JOHN 331.
Headquarters for Real Estate. Roomlng-
Houses, Hotels. New Apartment Houses,
Flats and Private Homes.
Having been in this business for more
than twenty-seven years, I am in a position
to sell you a place at its actual value.
14 rooms, exchange for larger house.. $500
17 rooms. 9 rooms furnished; snap 500
* rooms, Leavenworth St.. reduced to.. 500
35 rooms, choice location, Oakland 3200
12 rooms, Geary St.. choice transient.. 400
42 rooms, «unny corner; rent $100 3itK>
3<) rooms, sunny bay-windew corner.... 2S00
2t> rooms, Misslun and 6th s-ts. : snap 1000
12 rooms, Taylor st. ; transient only 700
(•<> rooms. Market st.; offices, permanent 5500
52 rooms, part houses, long lease 2000
8 rooms, cost $1500; a beauty; reduced 750
18 rooms, newly furnished, long lease.. 1200
H. C. DECKER. 006 Market St.. cor. Stockton.
100 ROOMS; house fcr men; rent $140.... $4000
BS rooms; south of Market: rent $100. 2000
24 rooms; corner; part cash; bal. easy. 850
11 rooms; good income; rent $20 S50
UT rooms; water front: rent $40; lease. 650
I?0 rooms; good lease; low rent 6500
67 rmt.: apartments: Western Add; rent. 230
Mcney leaned at 1 per cent.
Hotels, roadbouses. fiats. 5 to 100 rooms.
E1TEL & CARROLL. 212 Kearny st.
$650— ELEGANT colonial fiat of 5 r. and b.; I
beautifully furn.; all new and up to date;
coat over $1000; piano cost $->50 alone; must
sell. Petersen & Larsen. 10J5 Market, rm. 1.
A BARGAIN this week: forced sale; 34 rooms;
Market st.. central; all rented: first floor of-
fices, clearing $175; only $2400; easy terms.
PETERSEN & LARSEN, 1035 Market, rm. 1.
$750— S ROOMS nicely furnished: good loca-
tion. MOSSMAN. 850 Market st.
5^100—20 ROOMS: rent $125; clears over $100;
snap. MOSSMAN. 853 Market t=t
$^0rt ONLY — 12 room«; new furniture; rent
cheap; must leave city. 7SS Push st.. rear.
NEWLY furnished house of 15 rooms; owner
leaving city. C1C» Taylor st.
1
SPIRITUALISM.
'A— ETHEL CRINDLE: materializing seance
Wednesday evening, SOc. 1115 Post . St. ; S
o'clock sharp.
FRIENDSHIP Hall, 335 McAllister— Mrs. C. J.
Meyer; sit. dally rtebt to all every night: 10c.
JOHN bLATER'3 circle to-night at 8:15 sharp;
readings to-day. 1 to 4. 3;»t> O'Farrell e-~
KATIE HEUSSMAN, circle Friday evening.
25c: sittings. 1000 Ha~ i«on st.. cor. Sixth.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, trance clairvoyant,
business medium and life reader. 416 Turk.
EDWARD EARLE, 1052 Ellis, readinss daily.
9:30 to 4; ceances Sunday and Thursday.
CLAIRVOYAXTS.
A^ CALL AT ONCE AND SAVE $2.
My Regular $3 Reading This W*-t>k for
$1 $1 $1 $1 $1 $1 51 $1
PROFESSOR PAUL DESTINE.
The First Registered Trance Clairvoyant and
Palmist Ever in San Francisco.
I do hereby solemnly agree and guarantee to
make you no charge if I fail to tell your name,
occupation and what you called for; 1 promise
to tell you whether husband, wife or sweet-
i heart is true or false; to tell whom and when
| you will marry; in fact, I will tell you every
, hope, fear or ambition better than you can tell j
| yourself. He restores lost affections, reunites
j the separated, causes speedy and happy mar-
riages, makes you successful and prosperous,
cures disease and lost vitality without medi-
cine, locates hidden treasures; hours 10 a. m. to
j 8 p. m.; Sundays 2 to S. 326 O'Farrell St., 326.
j MME. M. BERNARD. THE FAMOUS
Clairvoyant and business medium, perma-
nently located at 17 Third st.. next Examiner
bldg.: she reads your life correctly, gives an
accurate description of the past, reveals the
i present happenings and portrays events to
occur In the future: If you are in trouble, dis-
contented or not satisfied In life, or have do-
mestic, love or business troubles, consult this
great medium and you will be told how to
overcome them; valuable advice In all affairs
of life; 25c up; satisfaction guaranteed; read-
Inge by mall. Tel. Black 45C9.
! ISMAR. the Egyptian gypsy, clairvoyant and
palmist, permanently located at 1104 Market
St.. cor. Turk; private readings dally, 10 a.
m. to 6 p. m. ; readings by mai! as satisfac-
tory as In person; 3 questions answered, $1:
full life. $5; send lock of hair, date and year
of birth; don't rend currency. 3:,nd postofflce,
WWls-Fergo mcney order or registered letter.
A— MME. PORTER, scientific clairvoyant and
card reade~, born with a double veil and sec-
ond eight; tells the past, present and future;
ladles, 50c; gents, $1; by cards, palmistry
end clairvoyant sitting; $i 60. 128 Turk st
! Mrs. A. H. Kron«=nbfrg. palmist, clairvoyant,
card reader, will give a good reading, 10c, for
a short time only; when others fail try me to
convince yourself. 402 Franklin, near Grove.
I A — Mine. Ravenna reads llf». business advice;
names given: 25c up. 5 4th St. near Market.
I MRS BROWN, clairvoyant card reader; ladies
| 2jc; gents SOc; readings dally. 132 Sixth St.
OLDEST lady palmist and card reader in city.
26V» Kearny. rcom 20: ladles 25c. gents 50c.
MME. LE FERN, professional card reading.
109 Fifth st. v
MRS. EHAFER. clairvoyant car£ reader: »lt-
tlnirs dally. 44SVJ Jessie St.. bet. 5th ani 6th.
CARFET-I1EATING AND CLEAMXO.
AIR. compressed, dry. ice cold. Is now univer-
sally used In sanitarily cleaning carpets, on
floor, without removal or Injury; prices mod-
erate. Apply S. F. COMPRESSED AIR
CLEANING CO.. Call big.; phone Main 5237.
WHEN you become disgusted with your work
send for EPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
ing Works. 355-357 Teh£ma st.; tel. South 40.
CALIFORNIA Carpet-beating Co.. J. McQueen,
proprietor. 329 Guerrero st.. tel. Mission 4D.
TRY HCPKE BROS.: excellent carpet- beating:
mattresses made over. 1432 Howard ;South 216
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter st. ;
tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM & CO.. Props.
RUDOLPH & CO.; carpet-beatlns works; prices
reasonable. 1703 Harrison St.; tel. Mission 263.
CONKLIN'S Superior Carpet-beating Works.
833 Golden Gate ave.; telephone East 126.
CHIROPODISTS.
DUNLAP FOOT INSTITUTE, 50 Geary— All
ailments of the feet cured; corns, bunlons.etc.
COLLECTION OFFICES.
ADVICE free: bad tenants ejected speedily. CO-
LUMBIAN LAW AGCY., r. 83, D16 Market;
tel. Red 618; collections; gen'l law business.
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made;
city or country- PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO.. 415 Montgomery, rooms 9-10: tel. SSfiO.
5in«TisTsr~~~
DR.~LUDLUM HILL, 1443 Market, nr.Eleventh
— No charge for extracting when plates are
made; old platet made over like new; teeth
from $S per set; extracting, 50c: gas given.
A NEW plate — The Whalebone — cannot break;
warranted 20 yrs.: crown. $3 50: fillings, SOc;
plates. $5:full set: all work painless and war-
ranted. Chicago Dental Parlors. 24 Sixth st.
GOLD fillings. 75c; silver. 35c; crowns, $2; no
pain; open Sunday. Dr.O.B.HewItt.204 Sutter.
PARIS Dental Parlors, 235 Kearny, cor. Bush-
Set teeth. $1 60 up; crowns, $2 up; filllngs,25c.
10 PER CENT off this month; estimates free.
New Tork Dentists. 0<g> Mission wt.. cor. 6th.
DKKlilMA KCK3J SC SKAMSTKES5ES.
MCDOWELL Dressmaking and Millinery School
. —Any pattern cut to measure. 1019 Market.
ACCORDION, sunburst * knife plaiting. Stew-
art's button & buttonhole factory. 110 Taylor.
PT El" Q A~p CLEA-XIMO.
EEA bteezes sweeten all garments, blankets.
lace curtains, etc., done by the Presidio
Heights Dye Works. 3915 Sacramento; phone
| for wagon. West 43?.. H. HICKMAN. pres.
EDUCATIONAL.
A— CALDWEXL College of Oratory, Acting?
Opera and Authorship; largest In the West;
14 teachers; pcsltlonc guaranteed; fall 'term
begins Sept. 7; day & evening class; beautiful
new catalogue free. 1295 Market, cor. Ninth.
BAN FRANCISCO Business College, 1230 Mar-
ket; modern, progressive, practical; estab-
lished 15 years. Gregg shorthand, fastest,
easiest, most readable. Actual business
bookkeeping; typewriter at home free.
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE. 24 Post, S.
F.— Bookkeeping, rhorthtmd. «.cuch. typing.
languages, tslegraphy. £ng!lsh branches;
day and night sessions; Illus. catalogue free.
AYRES. the leading business college, 723 Mar-
ket St.: special summer course In all depart-
ments; handsome catalogue free; life scholar-
ship. $50; day and evening sessions.
HEALD'S School of Mines & Electrlclty.24 Post
•t.. S. F.; a practical school of engineering;
complete equipment. Special catalogue free.
ft*.Jf r RA-CISCO CALL.
BUBXX~SS OFFICE of the San Fra-ndsco
Ce::. comer Market and Third streets; open
t.r.t.1 :2 o'clock even* night In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— 627 Montgomery street,
ccrrer Clay; open uijUl 9;30 p m.
SCO Hayes street: open until 9:30 p. m.
638 McAllister street: open until »:30 p. ra.
616 Larkln street; open until 8:30 p. m .
1P41 Mission street; open until 10 p. m.
2261 Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
until 9 p. m.
IOC Eleventh street: cr*n until 9 p. m.
109C Va'.eacla street; open until 0 p. m.
Ncrthwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky streets; open until 9 p. m,
2200 mm ore street: open until 8 p. m.
MEETIXC NOTICES.
CALIFORNIA Lo<lg- of Perfection No. J»
10 A ani A. S. R.. «525 Sutter St.— VVf
Tailed meeting THIS (WEDNESDAY) /V\
EVHNiNG. at fc o'clock. Fifth de-
gree. All brethrtn of the rite cordially ln-
\ Ited Hy crder of the venerable master.
iHAKLES JELLINEK, Secretary.
GOLDEN OATE Lodge No. 30, F. and »
A. M. Offk-ers and members are re-
ouested to ats^mble at Mission /y\
Mat^cnlc Temple. 2G2S Mission street,
this (WEDNESDAY* EVENING, at 7:30
o'clock, to confer the Third degree by in-
vitation of Mit-sicn I^odge No. 169, F. and
A. M. By crder of W. M.
EDWIN L. MEYER. Secretary.
CROCKETT Lodge No KM9 F. and A. a
M— Third degree THIS <\VEDNE^->^_ r
DAYi EVENIN'-J Aug. 19. 1900. at Ay\ I
7 Zd o'clock. By order «-f ?>•«• W »'
R, H. McPHEP.SOX. Secretary.
EXCELSIOR Lo.1g t «o. iw * . , ;
M. — Firsi d'gre^ THIS iWE3NKi-V-/ '
DAY* EVENING, at 7:30 o'clock. /^r\
H. J. OWEN. Secretary.
MISSION Lodge No. 1C9. F. and A. M.— »
Called nu-eting THIS (WEDNESDAY) W
EVENING) at 7::>0 o'clock; third de-
tiff, the officers of Golden Gate
Lodge No. 3". F. and A. M.. will confer the '
gt-gree. R. E. ALLAN. Secretary.
OFFICERS and members of San -.»»>—,,.
Francisco L-ijp No. .">. 1 O.
'< .!'.. arf requested to alTmd
th» funeral of our late brother.
JoHN REAGAN, from Odd Fellows' Hall
Bt 1 o'clock j>. m. sharp, THURSDAY.
August i'o. i»oi ;
A. STEINMETZ. N. G.
¦1. ALLEN. Recording Secretary. , j
Harmony Lodge No. i:s. i. o. o. ~^Z
F. — The officers and the funeral ,i_wfe*vt
committee <_f th« a*>.,\f--namoii : 5.^<ffi^&'
lodg« art- hereby notified to as- "^yfr^V?^ 5 *
fraH* at Odo Fellows' Hall, corner Market
and Seventh sts., on THURSDAY. Aug. 20.
l»<f{. at 1 :.'»<• o'clock p. ra.. for the purpose
of »ttrn«ins the funeral of our late brother
JOSEPH ASSIGN. By order
ADOLPH PAUBA. N. G.
CHAS. QUAST. Financial Sec.
6ARGENT Lodge No. 36S. I. o. O.
F. Members are hereby noilfl^d
to attend the funrrxt services of -'tsJJrfv*^
our late brother. ROBERT A. '^fmtS^
PAMPLE, from our lodgeroom. Market and
Pexenth sts.. WEDNESDAY, 1:45 p. m. In-
terment at Cypress Lawn. .
UEO. W. DIXON. Secretary..
NATIONAL Cnion. Califor- ijruiMi
r:* Council, meets TO- 1 '__A_
NIGHT n Pioneer Hall,
Fourth st., at S o'clock.
Vls'.tlr.g friends cordially invited: Initiation.
By crder E. A. M. GILBERT. President.
C. H. VAN ORDEN. Secretary.
THE officers and members _. "~^f£
' ¦' v * . s:e requested ,»^y _^ T/Y j»7r
attend the funeral of
oui .ct.- neighbor R. A. VBs4^* i^™*v*"
SAMPLE TO-DAY
• WEDNESDAY). Aug. 19. from 4333 Twenty-
third st.. at 1 o'clock p. m.
WM CARR Consul Commander.
JOHN T. O'DONNELL. Clerk.
NOTICE TO THE STOCKHOLDERS OF
THE FAN FRANCISCO GAS AND
ELECTRIC COMPANY is hereby given
That pursuant to an order and resolu-
tion of the board of directors of the San
Francisco Gas and Electric Company adopted
at a meeting of said board duly held at the
office of the company In the City and County
'if t~an Francisco, State of California, on
the 12th day of August. 1903. a meeting of
the stockholders of San Francisco Gas and
Electric Company will be held at the office
of the company, number 415 Post Street. San
Francisco. California (the same being the
principal place of business of said corpora-
tion and the building where the board of di-
re .tor* usually meet), on Thursday, the 22nd
day of October. 1903. at the hour of 2 o'clock
F. M.. lor the purpose of acting and voting
upon the proposition to create a bonded in-
debtedness of said corporation to the amount
:t the BKgregate of ten million (10,WO,W0>
dollars. l'nlt?d Statt-s Gold Coin, for the pur-
pose of acquiring property to be used in car-
rying on the business of the corporation and
!n order to provide funds for other lrgitl-
mat# and necessary purposes of, the corpor-
ation such bonded indebtedness to be secured
hy a mortgage or deed of trust upon all the
property now owned by said corporation, or
which It may hereafter acquire. By order of
the board of directors.
CHARLES L. BARRETT.
Secretary San Francisco Gas and Electric
Company.
THE annual meeting of the stockholders of
the Pacific Undertakers will be held at 777
Mission ft.. San Francisco, on MONDAY.
August 24. 1903. at 5:30 p. m.. for the elec-
tion of directors for the ensuing year and
the transaction of such other business as
rr.ey come before the meeting. Transfer
bocks m-lli close on Thursday. Aurust 20.
By crder cf the beard of directors.
M. C. GORHAM. Secretary.
St'XDAV LECTURES.
HENRY FRANK.
Eminent lecturer In Carnegie Lyceum. New
Tork. en The Religion of Science, and
founder "Independent Liberal Society of the
New Thought." delivers address Golden
Oat# Hall. Sunday. 11 a. m. /only); subject.
"Progress and Triumph of Truth." "Mag-
netic Orator." "Profound Thinker." Miss
Xena Ttnbert* sings. Peats free.
AGKVrs WASTED.
WANTED — An established Chicago corporation
wants a manager and general «gent for Its Pa-
cific Coaet branch, located at San Francisco^
Mut-t jtossess executive ability and unquets
tloned Integrity; must have had selling ex-
perience and be able to invest some capital.
Address, with references, experience and par-
tlculars. P. O. roi 193, Chicago. III.
ATTOR.\EYS-AT-LAW.
ROBT. W. KING. atty-at-Iaw. Examiner bid.,
rm. 611; all cases, damages, estates, wills,
attachments, collections, etc.; consultation
free; no ad\ - ance charges; call or write; even-
lnga by appointment. Tel. Red 3601.
ADVICE fre* — I will advance cost In meritori-
ous cases, divorces, probate and all -other law
ctttf ; no fees m advance; open every even-
leg. 3. M. THURSTON. 819 Market St.. r. 31.
ADVICE free: divorces a specialty ;qulck. quiet;
no charge without success; established 15 yrs.
G. W. HOWE 1122 Market et.. opp. Hale* a.
ADVICE free, all cases. R. C. ADAMS, room
SIS. third fioor. Examiner building.
L. E. CLARK. Emma Bpreckels bldg.. 927 Mar.
ket st.: consultation free; no fees In advance.
AITKEN * AITKEN. attorneys, rs. 303-10-11
Clunle bldg.. 603 California »t. ; tel. Main 727.
birds; dogs. etc.
YOUNG talking parrot*. 15 each;Gennan singing
canaries. J2; we will try to please you;every.
thing In our line at right prices. 1546 Market.
BUSIXESS CHANCES.
X— fCOO; COUNTRY bakery, with chop house,
in Calaveras County; living rooms; no op-
position; a splendid chance for baker or couk.
R G. WILKE, 26\t Kearny st.
A— fsOO; SALOON, with 10 furnished rooms;
place surrounded by breweries and malt-
houses: rent $40; a good business, but dis-
agreement of three partners Is cause of salt;
lease. Call R. G. WILKE. 2*5«i Kearny su
A— I12r>6: CORNER salocn in wholesale dis-
trict; estab. many years and known as *.
first-class paying business. See R. G.
WILKE. 26'i Kearny st.
A— *^25; RESTAURANT and coffee saloon, on
Third St.: rent $30; avcrag* dally receipts,
»!*; a bargain. R. G. WILKE. 2f>>4 Keaniy.
THE bert business In «he Mission ; stationery
store, near 7 schools, for what it will invoice
for; f35o for a business at 3001 Army st.
P. COFFIN - CO.. 3303 Mission st.
f20Oft— FIRST-CLASS delicacy store and branch
bakery doing good business; good location In
We.-rtern Addition; nickness cause of selling.
Box 1047. Call.
%:X>0 — CHICKEN ranch, chickens and fixtures
for tale; 5-rocm house, 1 acre of land, for
r— it; J1O per month: 5 yaars' lease. Address
P. O. bcx 142. Fruit vale. Cal.
FOR 6ale — Printing office; good condition; es-
tablished patronage; cheap rent. 1042. Call. ,
JJOG— HOME bakery; brick oven; choice loca-
tion; low rent. 2580 Folsom st
$500 — PARTNER; tend to shipping goods; do
from e collecting; S100 month guaranteed. Par-
' ttruiars €20 Bryant Et.
FDR any kind of business, city or country get
our list. MOSSMAN. S5O Market st.
Hairdretslng parlors; cheap: value In eight;
rood location: retiring. 1153 Market st.
A feakety; delicacy; all store trade; $25 a day;
price II too; so agenU. 71S McAllister st.Military Spirit in Canada.
Figures have just been published which
the Canadian press claims as an Indica
tion of the military spirit which animates
young; Canada, i The- State of New York
has a population of nearly 2.000,000 more
than the entire Dominion of; Canada,; yet
its National Guard has an enrollment of
only 14,463 men;. -Canada, on ; the other
hand, has 35.000 men in Its active militia
and thousands of pothers who have, gone
through] militia training and are ' now : on
the retired llBt.--Exchange. 1 ;
Quit Hunting With Preachers.
A Clay- County (Mo.) man, according to
the Platteburg Democrat-Lever, took his
pastor out hunting one day. They had
but one gun 'between ••- them and the
preacher carried it. , After they, had been
out half an hour the: man felt something
poking him i in the side. ; Turning around
quickly he found the preacher poking him
with the muzzle^of the gun and fumbling
over the hammers. "Say," brother," asked
the minister, "how do you let these things
down?" The man. has % ' sworn off. taking
Drcachers ; huntlnff.-Exchange.
California Stock and Oil Exchange
Oil Stocks— Bid. Asked.
Caribou Oil Co T3 80
Four Oil 70
Hanford Oll^ .....132 00
Home Oil .............\,... 1 35 1 40
Imperial Oil 19 00
Independence Oil 17 lg
Junction Oil 22
Kern Oil 6 00 5 50
Lion Oil ....: 54
Monte Cristo Oil 75 S3
Monarch Oil ...' 53 58
Oil (Oty Petroleum ....- 29
Veerless Oil -. 13 50 .....
Reed Crude Oil 40 41
San ' Joaauln Oil 5 75 .
Sterling Oil - 3 00
Thirty-three Oil 8 00
Twenty-eight OU 3 50
Union Oil f,H CO
United Petroleum 118 00
West Shore Oil 3 00 ' 3 25
Miscellaneous —
Abby Land & Improvement.. 1 23 1 50
Alameda Sugar ...r. 29 00
American Biscuit 85 00 05 00
American District Tel
Bay Counties Power
Cal Central Gas & Electric. .....
California Cotton Mills 85 00
California Jockey Club 105 00
California Powder
California Shipping Co 25 00 ;
I Cal Title Ins & Trust 130 00 140 00
! Central Bank of Oakland... COCO
I Chutes Company
j City and County Bank
[Cypress Lawn lmz> Co 8 50
'Eastern Dynamite
j Ewa Suz*ar Pl?.ntatlon '..... •
j Gas Consumers' Association • 22 SO
I Honolulu Sugar 20 00
1 London & S F Bank (Ltd.)..
: Mercantile -Trust .....
, Northern California Power. ...... 0 50
Nevada National Bank
1 Xorth Shore Railroad 5 00 R 00
Orphc-om Company 15 (V>
Pacific States 'T«l & Tel 122 50
1 Paraf fine Paint 33 CO
Postal Device & Imp
. San Francisco Drydock ...... 47 00
"Saasallto Land & Ferry 16 CO
; Sparry Flour Company 27 50 30 00
! Standard Electric 18 00
. Trucks Electric 13 2.1 16 00
Union Sugar 22 5(>
I United Go* & Electric. ../. 34 50
W'estern Fi*b Co.,
i OFFICIAL SALES.
! Morning Session.
Boar*—
•50 Home Oil Co 1 35
100 Home OH Co. cash 1 S5
; leno Home Oil Co 1 40
POO Home Oil Co 150
S00 Home Oil Co, s 00 1 45
100 Monarch Oil CO 56
1 2tt!0 Occidental Oil Co ! IS
* r.00 Poverelgn CHI Co JW
I lrtOOJndependene* Oil Co 17
SCO lndTicndertce Oil Co. cash IT
Street —
400 Home Oil Co 1 17*i
200 Home Oil Co 1 15
25 Home Oil Co' 1 25
Afternoon Session.
ISO Home Oil Co 1 SO
V«vi TTnmei r>l! Co 1 SS
2OO Home OH Co 1 37%£
1000 Lion Oil Co/. 04
1 Street— .
50 Home OU Co 1 30
1 SCO fleed Crude Oil 40.
Mining Stocks.
SAN FRANCISCO STOCK EXCHANGE.
'' Follov/Irjr were the sales on the San Fran
[ clsco Stock and Exchange Board yesterday:
! Morning Session.
100 Caledonia 1 £(•[ 100 Silver Hill... 71
100 Occidental ... 42J 100 Union Con .. 77
GOO Overman Ml
Afternoon Session.
200 Belcher 32i 30O Savage . ..". IK
1M Mexican . ...1 10 80O Silver Hill ... 7f>
JW> Occidental ... 42 20O Union Con ... 76
?0O Ophlr . 1 B, CCO Tellow Jacket 58
400 Overman .... 311
PACIFIC STOCK EXCHANGE.
The following were the sales on the Pacific
Stock and_ Exchange Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
200 Caledonia .1 20 1 500 Potosl IS
100 Con CAVlr.l 27% 20O Union Con.. 77
400 G. & Curry 35 1 200 Utah 25
Afternoon Session.
2M)C C & Va.l 27^4 .W) Savage .... 1«
1000 C Imperial 04 200 Sierra Nev. 65
400 Crown Ft.. 17 200 Silver Hill. 7rt
800 Mexican ...112H 200 Silver Hill. 67
100 Ophlr 1 «» • 20O Union Cton.. 77
BOO Overman . . S3 200 Utah 25
1500 Potosl ., 18
TOXOPAH MINING EXCHANGE.
Following were the sales on the San Fran
cisco and Tonopah Minim? Exchange yesterday:
Morning Session.
1000 Esperanxa ... 04 \ 100 Ton A C!sJ... S*
50 MacNamara . 201 400 Ton A Cal... 35
100 Mont Ton ..1 101
< Afternoon Session.
100 Mont Ton .1 12^1 300 Ton Midway.. 4.1
100 Mont Ton ...1 10 100 Ton N Star. 50
. 600 Ton Midway.. 47|
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
TUESDAY. Aug. IS— 4 p. m.
BId.Ask. v Bid. Ask.
Alpha 00 08 Julia 02 04
Alta 04 W Justice 11 lft
Andes 16 17 Kentuck 02 Oft
Belcher ..... 32 33 Mexican 1 10 1 15
Bmt & Belch. 1 70 — Occidental ... 42 44
Bullion 0.1. <U Ophlr 1 fi) IB
Caledonia 1 *** 1 '"'Overman .... 30 31
Challenge ... SO . 34 Potosi 17 18
Chollar 17 is Savage 15 17
Confidence ...1 OO 1 2O|Scorplon ..... 02 04
Con Cal & V.l 25 1 30 Sey Belcher.. 10 12
Con Imp .... 03 Oi Sierra Nev'. . . <5fl 67
Con N Y.,.. 12 14 Silver Hill... 68 70
Crown Polht.. 16 17|St Louis .... 16 19
Eureka Con.. — 45; Syndicate '...- — - 015
Exchequer... 05 OfiiUnlon Con;.. 75 77
Gould" &' Cur. S.1 34 Utah ........ .24 2B
Hale & Norc. 45 47 Yel Jacket.... 53 60
Lady Wash .. — 061 -
TONOPAH MIXES.
BId.Ask. I -' Bk!.Ask.
Colehan '..... — 20, Ton Belmont. — 105
-JSsperanza ... 04 05, Ton & Cal... 35 ss
Gipsy Queen.' 26 — .Ton A Gt W. 12
Han Mtl .... — 25 Ton of Nev.. — sou
MacNamara . 16 24. Ton N Star. 48 si
Mlzpan Ex .'. — 85 Ton Midway.. 4T 4*
, Mont. Ton..! 07^1 10 United • Ton.. 13 17
Paymaster... — .'25, Utopia .;.... — 56
Rescue '. ,10 'lit ;¦•
- ,, ., ' , m , „ „ _
A Maryland Jutslce of the Peace. In de
ciding an action against a railroad com
pany for killing a' cow near a road cross
ing, decided the case In favor of the
plaintiff for the reason. that "the defend
ant had no sign up at the crossing." •
O GL H 5a. — '— Jftkn G*E to — ¦ —
O T Go 6s.. — ' — - ]U G Jb E 6s. — —
Do ha .... — lUfcl - :
WATER STOCKS.
Contra Costa — 00 .iPort Costa. .. — — ¦"
Marln Co .... — — . lUprlng Val.. 84% SStf
GAS A>'D ELECTRIC.
fent L & P. — 4%.rac E G * K — —
):qult Gas... 4'i 54;li F O & B. 6.1 C4
Mutual E L^13H 14 J! F Gas — —
l*ac O Imp. 60 , 51H I tkn G & E. — —
rao L Co... 53K — UG&E — —
TRUSTEES' CERTIFICATES. .
S T O A. E. 63 —
INSURANCE.
Fir-em's Fad. — '
BANK STOCKS.
Am Natl Bk. — ¦ — t«on P * A. <— ' «—
Anglo-Cal .. — '— Merch Ex .. — —
Bank of Cal. — — Mer Trust.. — —
CSD&T. — — ep NatlonU — —
first Nation! — —
. SAVINGS BANKS. „ * .1 1.
Cer S & L.. — y- fav & L Bo. 85 1C5
Hum S & L. — £- |>c Sav Bk.400 BOO
Mutual 8av.. — — . Union T Co. — —
$ F Sav L\. — —
STREET RAILROADS.
California .. — — ipresidlo .... — — .
Ueary — — ] j-^-;. -
-.- "i/ POWDER.
c «ant (57% 68 /Hgorit ..... 1% 5%
SUGAR.
»ana P Ocv. 1% 2KiKllauea. S C. — 6%
Hawaiian C. 43% •— Makaweli C. 21 —
Honokaa S C 12U 13H Onomea S C. 23% — •
Hutch S P C 13% — |paauhau S C 13 15%
MISCELLANEOUS.
Alaska Pack.145 14«H Oceanic S Co T —
lal i-ruit As. — — Pac A F A. — —
Lai Wine As. 05% 90 Pac C Bon. — r
Morning Session.
Board —
20 Alaska Packers' Association. ...145 50 '
25 Hawaiian Com & Sugar 43 60
40 Honokaa Co IS 00
60 Hutchlnson S P €• 13 37%
00 Paauhau S P Co 15 00
$9000 Nor Ry of Cal 5a bonds 119 00
Street —
25 Makaweli 21 00
Afternoon Session.
Board—
12 Alaska Packers' Association 143 60
5 Giant Powder Con 63 00
60 Honokaa Co 13 00
PO Hutchinson S P Co 13 T5
250 Mutual Electric Light 13 60
" 40 Spring Valley Water 85 00
10 Spring Valley Water 85 25
" Street —
10 Alaska Packers' Association.... 14ft 00
25 Hawaiian. Com & Sugar 43 50
W) Honokaa S Co 13 23
Builders' Contracts.
Michael Toland to 'Mary: Toland, lot.Dtt -W:
line of Octavla street. 85 S of Ivy avenue, W
60 by S 25; gift. ¦•« - ¦ " -
Mary A. Cowling to Henry W. Blau, lot on
S line of Oak street. \ 60 B of Laguna. E 25 by
S 120; $10.- . .
City and Countv of San Francisco to Emma
V. Anderson, lot on W line of Devlsadero
street, 80:7 S of fiaccamento. S 26 by W
110; . . • .. ........
Catherine Dowllng to John Peters, lot on N
line of Grove street 113:9 W of Devlsadero,
W 23:8 by N 82:6; $10.
Annie E. and Paul O. Burns to Clara H.
Wis« (wife of, W. C.) rerecord 165S D. 2S8. lot
on N line of California street, 81:3 V." of Baker,
W 25 by N 90:2%; $10 • *
• Cyrus Chambers to William A. Law*, lot
on SW corner of Frederick and Willard streets.
B STS. -W' 100. N 137 :« W 78. 6 137 :«. W »4:4>
NE to Frederick E 326:11; $10.
Joseph and Nellie Coleman to William Gold
man lot on SE corner of Carl and Wlllard
streets. S 100 by E 30; $10.
Ane Johnson to James Papina. lot on KE
line of Tenth street, 120 SE of Folsom. SB
25 by NE 100; $10.
Estate of Albert J. Wilson, minor (by Har
riet Wilson guardian) to Maude H. Garthorne,
lot On N line of Ridley street, 280:7 E of Va
lencia. E 40, N 114:8%, SW 45:9. S 109:2ft;
$250. •* •-.••.- / ¦--.**
Maude H. Garthorne to Bridget Costello. lot
on N line of Thirteenth «treet.' 78:1}4 B of Ste
venson. E 40. N 114:8%. SW 45:9. S to begin
ning; $10.
I. W. and Augusta W. Coburn to Patrick J.
Land lot on E line of Noe street, 130 N of
Fifteenth. N 25 -by E 105; $10.
Alice and J. T. Jones to A. Oscar Land, lot
on S line of Twenty-first street, 358 E of Caa
tro. E 25 by S 114; $10.
Harriet H. and L. H. Molse to Valentine
and Katie Laplanch, lot on S line of Seven
teenth street, .81:3 W of Diamond, XV 21:l(>/i
by 6.75; $10. "
John B. and Catherine C. Carson to Martin
anfl Katie Concanhon. lot on W line of Dia
mond street, U0 S of Twenty-first, S 50 by W
115:9, lot 12, block 2, Noe Garden Homestead;
$10. •
Adelaide and John T. McCrosson to W, F.
Laumelster, lot on SW line of Stanford street,
200 NW of Townsend, NW 25 by SW 80. to
correct 1651 D. 377; $5.
Lydla M. and John M. Oat to same, lot
on SW line of Stanford street, 175 NW of
Townsend, NW 25 by SW 80. to correct 1658
D. -208; $5.
W.' F. and Cella A. Laumelster to T. J.
Parsons, lot on SW line of Stanford street. 175
NW of Townsend, NW 50 by SW SO. to correct
16«3 D. 244; $5. v
-Thomas L. and Philippine Henderson to J.
D. Mtndenhall, lot on NW line of Jessie street,
366 NE of Sixth. NE 23 by NW- 80; $10.
W. A. and Jennie Ettlng to Rose Hogan.
lot on W Une of Second avenue, 100 N of
Clement street. N 25 by W«120; $10.
George. C. Beggs to William R. Veale. lot
on E line of Tenth avenue, 200 S of M street.
B50 by E 120; $5.
Fanny M. Winter to Edgar B. Salslg. lot
on W line of Eleventh avenue, 123 S of N
street. S 875 by W 120; $10.
Eliia D. Msck to Eliza J. Wilson, l«t 619,
G Annie? Thomas T. and Walter J. Douglas to
Blanch A. Rubin, lots 43 and 44, block 19,
Lakevlew; $10: ¦•
Walter K. Dora to same, same, quitclaim
e Ma'ry Nolan to John Tlmllty, lot 4, block 3,
Holly Park; $10.
t, Herman Muller (owner) with Mager Bros.
(contractors), architect , alterations and
additions except n&ntels. ga» fixtures and
shades for a two-story frame building on W
line of Bryant street, flO N of Twenty-sixth;
"Mrs. J. F. Kennedy (owner) with A. How
kins (contractor), architect Frank S. Van Trees
— All work for alterations and additions to
make a two-story frame building (flats) on N
line of Grove street, 137:6 W of Octavia.,W
57:6 by N 120; $7000.
Lenore Colllgan fowner) with Louis M. Wels
rtann (contractor and architect)— All. work- for
a . three-«tory frame building (flats), on In
line of Green street, between Larkln and Polk,
107:6 E of Larkln, E 25 by 137:0, WA 24;
$8750. , .
California' Baking Company (owners) with
George Mccre (contractor), architects H. Gell
fusa & Son— Foundation wall and excavation,
cementing concrete floors, basalt block paving
for partly one and two etortes high . brick
building on SW corner of Eddy and Klllmore,
W 137:6 by S 110; $7650.
National Brewing Company (owners) with
Western Iron Works (contractors), architects
John & ZimmeTtnan-J^Granite and iron work for
a new tank house on E line of Webster street.
120:3% S of Fulton; B-4WM*. E 77:«! N 30:0.
E 12:3H.« N U^Vfi.-rW-SSMli*; $10,635.
Alameda County.
Mabel and Fred ' HambeUon to Cora B. Ware
(wire of-L. i\), lot on N line of Walton street.
85 E of Market, E 33 by Ni 100, portion of lots
1 and 2, block M, property of Central Land
Company, formerly Brown Tract, Oakland; $10
William and Mary C. McDonald to Paulena
Hlnch (wlfe-of -Joseph) lot on N line of Thirty
jec.nd street,"45O E-af Grove, E 5o, N 148,76. W
50.23. S 152.58, lot 11, block 2043, Rowland
Tract, Oakland; $10.
William W. and N. Jeannette Chisholm to
William J. Kitto, lot beginning 415 W frcm NW
corner of Grovo and Thirty-flrst streets. W ~M
by N 140. lot 2fl. block 2037. same, Oakland: $10.
Gustav F. Blebeshelmer to Lena (or Lene)
BiebPshelmer. all Interest in lot 2, block D,
Suburban Tract. Berkeley: gift. •
Mary E. Gamble <*lngle) to H. P. Nelson,
lots 1 to 7, 13. 14. 18 and ID. Crystal Spring
Tract, Berkeley; $10. '
L .C. and Miriam llorehouse to Thomas and
Matilda Merllno (wife), lets SC to SO. map Elm
hurst Park No. 2,; Brooklyn Township; grant.
Henriette and Leon Btne to John F. Dacha,
lot 50 fe»-t on Telegraph avenue and 133 more
or less <vn Vernon avenue, lot 49, map Temes
cal Park, Oakland; $10.
John Tlsch Company (comoratlon) to James
J. McElroy (single), lot on W line of Grove
street, 40 N of Thirtieth. N 50 by W 115.
block 20X4. Rowland Tract. Oakland; $10.
H. • Rosenstrauch to Lena Rosenstrauch
(wife), lot on N line of Jefferson street, 73 N
of Fourth, N 25 by W 75, lot 1», block 46,
Kellcrsberger'M map. Oakland; gift.
- W. and Florence W. Havens to George Sterl
ing, lot 5, block. P. property Central Laad
Company (frrmeriy Brown Tract). Oakland;
$10.
George W. and Carrie R. Sterling to Realty
Syndicate, tame, Oakland; $10.
Same to same, lots i:i and 14. block 2007,
lets 3 to 5 and 1 4. block 2091*. lots 2, 3. 7. UU
to 41 and W 38.39 of let 38. block 2101, lots «
to 8. 11 to 15. 25, 2(i. 2fl to 31, block 2103. lots
1!> to 22. block 21OT, lots 8, 13. 38 and :R>,
block 2110, lot 23, block 2113, lots 11 and IS.
block 211(5, lots 11 and 12, block 211S, map
Alden Tract at Temescal, Oakland: $10.
Same to wmc, im on N line of Forty-third
street 140 W of West. W 100 by N 100 lots
22 and 2.H, block 20i»S, same map. Oakland: $10.
Charles M. Wilson to Robert O. Wilson lot
on S line of Crawford street 125.1:2 E of San
Pablo avenue E 50, S 2T} W 50 N 232 13
being E 50 feet of lot 1!). block d. amended
map J. W. Crawford Tract. Oakland- $10.
Ada Elizabeth Sample (W. V. Sample), Wlli
Ham Veck Sample and Edmund Tyler Sam
ple to William Veck Sample, lot on S corner
of East Twentieth street and Thirteenth ave
nue. SE 1C0 by SW,37:«. block 113. Clinton.
East Oakland: $10.
Peter and Dorothea Madren to Christian E.
and Oline M. Fablansen. lot on S line of
Prince street, 150 W of Tremont, \V 60 by S
1C0. lot 4, block Q. amended map portion New.
bury Tract. Berkeley; $10.
Simon and Rosa Flschel to C. Fred Ren*,
lot on N line- of University avenue, 760 E of
Louisa. E 24. N 114.fiS. W 24. S 114.C8 (S
144.C8). lot S College Tract Berkeley: $10.
J. A. and Emily V. Marshall to B. F.
Hawes lot ft block 12. map resubdlvlslon block
12. McGee Tract. Berkeley; $10.
Virgil T. and Josephine M. Nahl to Mary
Ann Hunt (wife of R. H. H.). lot 17. map No.
2, Boehmer's Ranch. Brooklyn Township; $10.
Georgo Lydlksen to V. C. and Florence M.
Iverson, lot on NE line of Monroe or East Six
teenth street 35 SE of Twenty-flfth avenue,
etc., SE 40 by NE 125. block B. revised map
Oak Tree Farm Tract, Brooklyn Township;
$10.- • -
Ednle C. Jones (as trustee estate Andrew
Jones) and Jane C. Jones (widow) to C E.
Carroll, lots 3 and 4. block L. map Andrew
Jones subdivision. Brooklyn Township; $10
E. C. and Mary D. Sessions (wife) to J. E.
Polhemus. land bounded SE by SE, Sixteenth
avenue If extended SW on present course until
it reaches United States harbor lin* or Oakland
Harbor as established by United States Engi
neers, NE and N by patent line of that portion
of Peralta, San Antonio Rancho. as finally con
firmed to A. M. Peralta, NW by line parallel
to and distant 300 at right angles NW from
said *SE Sixteenth avenue extended SW by
United States harbor line. East Oakland; also
triangular piece of land covered by lease. Bran
nan to Sessions. 2, leases 211. bounded on the
NW by land occupied and claimed by Savings
and Loan 8oclety of San Francisco. SW by NE
line of right of way of Central Pacific Railroad
Company, SE by line parallel to and SCO at
right angles NW' from SE line of Sixteenth
avenue extended SW on present course. East
Oakland: also land covered by aforesaid lease
which lies SE of aforesaid SE. Sixteenth ave
nue extended as aforesaid. East Oakland: also
United States harbor line hereinbefore referred
to means pier head line as now or as It may at
any time be established by United States Engi
neers: also all land within limits of right of
way of Central Pacific Railroad Company (100
feet on each side of NE track) and lying be
tween S line of Commerce street and line paral
lel to and distant 30O at right angles NW from
SE Sixteenth avenue extended SW. quitclaim
J E. Polhemus to Pacific Improvement Com
pany (a corporation), same. East Oakland, quit,
claim deed; $10. ¦,.
SEAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY/ AUGUST 19, 1903.
Continued From Page Thirteen.
COMMERCIAL NEWS
15
REAL ESTATE— CITY-»F0B BAJjK l
SPECK & CO., ? — —
6G7 Market st.. Ops. Kearny.
REAL ESTATE AGENTS AND RENT
COLLECTORS.
FULL CHARGE TAKEN OF PROPERTY.
1160,000— Modern 0-story brick building; leased
$1143 per month; assuming mortgage
' m $76,000; Investment pays 11 per cent
" net; lot 60x137:6 feet.
1100,000 — Corner, vicinity -Montgomery and
Bush; 57:6x77:0 feet; present improve-,
ments rent for JM5; a choice buy. •; -.,
$70,000 — New'building; 1 tenant; 10 years' cash
security lease: pays "Hi per -cent net;
lot 35x137:6 feet. . . .ii :..-
$53.000— Best Larkln street corner: 87:6 feel
frontage; fine building; stores and lodg-
ing-house; very safe investment. " ,
$50,000 — Corner; 87x85 feet: new building; an-
nual rentK_$M72; pays over 10 per cent..
$50,000— Corner. 137:0x137:6 f^et: good im-
provements; mortgage $30,000 at D^ per
cent; can remain; pays 8 per cent net.
J25. 000— Bush street, near Grant avenue; 45x126
feet: -2 frontages. > ••
$10,000— Corner business property; modern Im-
provements; rents $164.
$18,000 — Fronting Golden Gate Park; rents
$180; splendid flats; lot 50x137:0 feet.
$17,500 — Sansome street corner; rents $132.50;
stores and 1 floor above.
$16.500— Post street flats; yearly rents $1770;
lot 25:Cxl2O feet; 2 frontages. .
$7000 — Three good flats in Mission; rent $63
a month. ' ' , '
$6500— Three fine flats, vicinity Eighteenth and
Castro; rents $."S a month; lot. 25x125. •
$5250— Fifth and Clementina; fine front and
rear Improvements; leased- 2 years at $600'
a year. • .- . , .. -..
$5000 — Four good flats 'In Mission; always
rented at $48 a month.
$2C00— New cottage in Mission; fl rooms and
bath; fine lot. .
$1400 — Corner lot near Golden £ate Park; 23x
10O feet.
$1000— Lot 119x111; corner cottage; 3 rooms; in
Mission.
BPECK & CO..
667 Market street.
POIXT RICHMOND REAL ESTATE.
WATER front lots and bargains: all tracts;
mapy. photos, etc. BELL. 417 Parrott bid*.
REAL ESTATE TO EXCHAXGE.
EXCHANGE.
; WILL give $3000 or ?4000 in cash together with
good paying ranch near Capltola. worth $4000.
all clear, for Income property.
THE ALDEN CO.. 1118 Broadway, Oakland.
REAL estate to exchange; free printed list.
Pacific Coast Ex. Bureau. 850 Market st.
REAL ESTATE WANTED.
. WANTED — To lease (furnished) a good paying
etock and grain ranch for a term of years,
with the privilege of buying. Bo< 1036. Call.
STUTTERING AND STA31MERISG.
MELBOURNE System School. Van Ness and
, Market; positive cure for all. Don't delay.
1 MAKEIAGE LICENSES.
The following marriage licenses were Issued
yesterday :
David R. Norris, 21, 1C35 Fulton street, and
Albertina Kish. 18. 2» Lloyd street.
August Retch, 27, 123 Eddy street, and
' Louise Claussen. 26, 10 Fella place.
Henry J. Mahoney, 24, 560 Page street, and
Marguerite If. Murphy, 22. 107 Devisadero st.
William P. Klnser, 25. city, and Elizabeth
Thompson. 2S. city.
Albion E. Perley. 21. 222 Dolores street, and
, Ella Lagoni, 18, 400 Noe street.
Louis P. Lavoie, 35. 415 Mason street, and
Elizabeth Amyott, 40. 227 Sixth street.
Eli Benolt, 32. Grass Valley, and Mary G.
Shea, 30. Grass Valley.
Christopher F. Butt. 25, 84S1 Nineteenth
street, and Annie M. Rush, 22. 1344 Scott st.
James A. Lamey, 26. 035 Folsom street, and
Mary A. Lyne, 25, 140S Shotwelt street.
John L. Pattern, 2.'$, 100O Vermont street, and
Josephine M. Anderson, 10, 2 Hayward street.
Myer Htrsch, 25, Portland, Or., and Martha
E. Loewt-nstein. SKJ. l.^S Geary street.
Charles H. Tie. 2«. 571 Folsom street, and
Annie Brown. 23, C>75 FoUom street.
Danli! Sullivan. 2ft, €2 Ellis street, and Car-
rie Furlo, 20. C2 Ellis street.
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS.
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mall will not be inserted. Th«y must be handed
in at either of the publication offices and be
indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
BOBN.
BRINCKMANN— In this city. August 17. 19OJ.
to the wife of F. H. Brinckmann, a son.
STEVENS— In this city, "August 10, 1903. to
the wife of Edward H. Stevens, a daughter.
MARKIED.
REICH— CLAUSSEN— Ln this city. August 18.
1UG3. bv Thomas F. Dunn. Justice of the
P^ace, August Reich and Louise Claussen,
both of San Francisco.
VIGNO— GALLieON— In Alameda. August 15,
laiW, by the Rev. W. J. Peters. John J.
Vigno and Elizabeth M. Galllson, both of
Coultcrvllle.
died]
Asslon, Joseph Maguire. John
Boecke. Clemens Mocker, Annie L.
Bosel,. Emma Mosher, John
Brunlg, Robert B. Nelson. James
Brunn. Hans P. Osborn. Dan H.
Chelini. Emlle Otey. Robert M
Cobleigh. Mary E. Page. Hugo E.
Conner, Capt. T. J. Penco, Giovanni
Dunbar, Margaret Raferty, Ellen
Dunn. John Reagan. John
Hammersmith. Jas. Renter. Henriette M.
Harris, Fanny Rosenberg, Mertyn
Hickey. Julia M. {-ample. Robert A.
Hurst. Jaraes Silva. Mary i. '
McConnell. Agnes Stevens (Infant)
McCormack. Frank Wheeler, Alfred
Madden. John J. Winhall. Arthur
ASSION— In this city. August 17, 1903. Jo-
seph Atfslan, dearly beloved brother of Mrs.
M. Fehrenbach, Mrs. E. Hernster of Santa
Barbara and the late Mrs. K. Wlese of Peta- I
luma, a native of Germany, aged 82 years 3 I
months and 1 day. ,
CTFriends nnd acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral Thursday,
August 20, 1D0.1, at 1:30 o'clock, from the
mortuary chapel of J. S. Godeau. .105 Mont-
gomery avenue, thence to Odd Fellows' .Hall,
where services will be held under the aus-
pices of Harmony Lodge No. 13, I. O. O. F.,
commencing at 2 o'clock. Interment Laurel
Hill Cemetery.
BOECKE— In this city, August 18. 1903. Clem-
ens Boecke. a native of Germany, aged 77
yearH and 16 days.
tCTTriends aud acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services :
Thursday. August -20, 3003. at 10 o'clock, at
the mortuary chapel of Julius S. Godeau, 305
Montgomery avenue. Interment Presidio
Cemetery.
BOGEL— In this city. August 18. 1003. Emma
Louisa, beloved wife of Henry F. Bogel,
mother of Carl, Rita and George Bogel and
infant daughter, daughter of Mrs. C. Engei,
and sieter of John A. Kutschmar. Mrs. F.
,E. Redfleld and Carl F., Frieda and Julia
Eng<>l, a native of San Francisco, aged 2S
years 3 months and 11 days. .
Cy Remains at the residence of her fclster,
Mrs. F. E. Redfleld, 1915 Taylor street. No-
tice of funeral hereafter.
BRUNIG — In this city, August 17, 1903. Rob-
ert B. Brunig. dearly beloved son of Louts
atod Rebecca. Brunlg, beloved brother of Au-
drey M. Brunig". and grandson of Mrs. Mar-
garet Morris and Mr. and Mrs. L. Brunlg
a native of San Francisco, aged 7 years 7
months and 27 days.
ICTFiiends and acquaintances are respect-
fully inviud to attend the funeral to-day
(Wednesday), at 11 o'clock, from the resi-
dence of his parents. 1722 Twelfth avenue
south, between N and P streets, south. South
San Francisco. Interment Cypress Lawn
Cemetery.
BRUNN— In this city, August 17, J003, Hans
P. Brunn. dearly beloved husband of Anna
lirunn, and devoted father of Anita and
Peter Brunn, a native of North SchlesWig,
Germany, aged 53 years and 14 days.
ETTiiends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to. attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 2 o'clock, from the funeral
parlors of Theo. Dlercks, 057 Mission street.
where the funeral Bervlces will be held, un-
der the ausDices of Court America No. 3,
F. of A. Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
CHEL1NI— Drowned at ' tValleJo, August 9,
1!«<i;i, Emlle Chellni, 4 native of San Fran-
cIkco, aged 34 years. ._• .
COBLEIGH— In this city, August 18,- 1903,
Mary E.. wife of the late John L. Cob-
leigh, mother of Mrs. J. S. Love, grand-
mother of Mabel Love, and sister of Mrs. D.
I. Newklrk, a native of New York, .aged 73
years. ' 1"
CONNER— In this city. August IS, 1003, Cap-
tain Thomas J. Conner, a native of Wex-
fora. Ireland, aged l>0 years. *..:,_
DUNBAR — In this cily, August 18. 1903. Mar-
garet, beloved wife of Robert C. Dunbar. a
native cf California, aged/2S years 8 months
and 24 days.
(^Friends and acquaintances, are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Thursday,
at 2 o'clock, from the funeral parlors of
Porter & White, 423 Golden Gate avenue.
Interment Odd Fellows' Cemetery.
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO:
(Successors to Flannagan 3c Gallagher.) '
. DANIEL P. DONOVAN. Mgr.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS.
20 Fifth st.. opposite Lincoln . School.
v Telephone South 80.
UNITED UNDERTAKERS.
Funeral Directors and Embalmers—— —
Formerly In Metropolitan Temple.
Now at 86(J MISSION.- Tel. South 167.
Between Fourth and Fifth. Near Fifth Bt; .
- Finest Equipments at Moderate Hates.
-" PERSON AL,S— Contlnned. .
3ENTS furnishings, notions toys and station-
ery. WOODWARD'S Bazaax. 2200 Fillmore.
ANITA MIA MAUD — Please send me your ad-
dress to a04 Market st. CHARl-lE.
KlITS to cJer on inFtallmenU, $1 per week.
Nfuhaus & Co., -merch.tallor-t.727-729 Market.
ALL i-tyles halrdresFln*. 2V; hair goods: mani-
curir.g 25c v Q. LEDETtEn, 123 Stockton st.
TAILOR-MADE f*ult J7 f-O; dress pant* * 2 5 *
Misfit Clothing Parlor, cor. Bush and Pupont.
6DPEBFU3OCS hair and molf* removed by
electric needle. Dr. &Mrs.Traverse.li;0Marker_
MASQUERADE cortunw. play books, wigs.
cr.ur.try orders. GOLDSTEIN & CO.. 'JM_g£Jih
ALFHEDUM-S Egyptian Henna restore* gray
hair to IW natural coior; $1; at all druggists .
Superfluous hair and moles removed with elec-
tric tip^I>. Mre. K Mi** E.-.'rn, 1113 S'Jtter.
rALMISTRY.
JiilE. DEVAS. »<-jcntiflc pali*ni»t ar.fl MtrolO-
piFt. Office, 26 LJebes bldg.. 13» PatX St.. fi.
palm readlr.es; 3 questions free; Tues. e\e.
MME. ZILLAIl. scientific palmist and card
reader; 25 years' experience; l»i» « r - Aew
Zealand and A j stralia. MSA Pi"* st.
H. JEROME FOSEIXI. rcirrAICc P*llKl?t. 315
Taylor ft., near Geary. Phone Black
P ATCttHAX GI > g71'"aI > TI X G, ETC.
' ROOMS papered. $3. 60 up: tinting, painting.
Hartr-r.ar.n Paint Co.. "r.> 'i ft.: tel. Main 413
PUVSICIANS AJVM^StKCiE'OXS'
X5R C C O"DONN1:lL— Office and residence.
10214 Market ft., bft. Sixth und
ELOOU. fkin and rectal diseases & specialty.
VK. BALL. 107:;'4 Market St.
XtEMOYED— DK WONG HIM. herb doctor:
treats all dieeaM-* cf the human body; for
past four years st 115-117 Mason; now lo-
cated st CC7 Ofsry «t.. near Leavenworth.
Jr TONG PO CliY. to Dr. LI Po
Tai herb doctor; cures all d.seases of human
by u?e cf herbs asi teas. 727 Washington St.
WONG WOO the famous herb doctor — All dls-
gmef cx:rrA bv Chlnw herbs. ?4ft-S Clay St.
ROOMS FOR IIO^ SEI 5HE?ii G JU^.
CAPP 634, near Twenty-first— Furnished house-
kwplrg rocrr.?; very desirable .
j^II-TH 34S — Suite of rooms, furnished for
housekeeping: complete.
GULDEN GATE ave.. M3— Very desirable-
front r-ulte; rrivate family.
HERBERT <The) — Sunny apartments for
housekeeping; cas rar-ges; Jurt newly fur-
r.lthed. 1^0 Pcik gt. % *
JESSIE S33 S'-r.r.y front room, furnished
housekpe.. $12: other room $10; gas ranges.
MINNIE, 30 — 2 eultes of housekeeping rooms,
complete; elso wUh yard.
6TOCKTON, 1206— Model houte; nicely fur-
nished :$5-$12; front; phene. ga>. bath, sunny.
TURK HO — Nicely furnished, sunny house-
keepir.g rooms. 6:r.gie or en suite; reasonable.
TWENTY-THIRD. 3726. near Dolor's— 3 sunny
bay-wlndcw roome; r.ice, neat, complete.
UNION, 1S44^ — 2 cr 3 Funny fror.t rooms for
light housekeeping; pas range, water.
VALLEJO, 101S ffiunlsn Hill) — 4 rooms, part-
ly furn. ;'two people; rent *;>2 r>0; before nocn.
' CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch cifice. 2200 Fillmore.
A BRANCH e:£ee fcr Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 10*J(i
Valencia st.
APABTMEJTTS TO I.ET.
"EL MONTKKKY, " the city's newest apart-
ment totel, located oa the north side of
Pine st-, between Hyde and Leavenworth; a
Euperb brick building cf Spanish architec-
ture; all the comfcrts cf housekeeping com-
bined with the conveniences of hotel life; for
$30 per month you can secure here an unfur-
:.-•¦: S-room eparuv>*r,t. consisting of large
F-- -.:-.. with gas grate and mantel, bed-
room with bay- window and closet; kitchen
.,-:;;- I with gas racge. built-in china
cJocet and hot and cold water; bathroom
w.th tcilet and porcelain tub (hot and cold
«-&ter): this price also includes Janitor ser-
vice eight and day end night and day ele-
vator service ; only ten minutes' walk from
Pcwell and Market; see these apartments
?n-«ay.
ROOMS TO LET — 1-nrn. and Infurn.
AA— City Room Rehtlcg Agency.
1104 Market Et., cor. Turk and Market Ets.,
Rooznc 3 and 4. I'hcne Jessie 4471-
FREE. FREE.
We locate you free of charge
in Rooms with or without beard,
Rooms or Hotels.
A -BRUNSWICK House. 14S Sixth— Rooms
13c to SI per night. SI 25 t 0 $a per week, and
. „¦;.•.. housekeeping rooms; open all night.
AT "The Almonte." £73 Marks*, et. (or No. 1
Fifth et.) — Rooms. 25c. Sue. %\, SI W) eight;
fl .'••• to }10 week: house open all night.
ANTLEKS. 415 Turk St.— Ctrictly modern; 4-5
room epartrr.ent*; fur. cr unfur. for nskpg.
MT.NETT. 1426 Market— fold No 1S64)— Fur-
•.•¦¦•¦¦: rooms, suites, single: also unfurnished.
CLIFFORD. £i<4 Ellis, ccr. Mason — Elegantly
furnished runry rooms; prices reasonable.
FILLMORE. 1720— Large eucny furnished
room for 1 or 2 rer.tlemen; bath.
GILLEPPIE House. 119 Ninth et.— Nicely fur-
cisbf-d rooms. f*c to $1 per day; phone; <julet.
OKAN£> tkiUJnern. Tth ar.d Mission — Rooms Sue
to Jl SO r.ig-ht: *2 to $G ir«k; reading-rooni.
HATES. ST." — Elegant newiy furnished parlors
er.d bedrooms; bath; phene.
HOTEL GUAYSTONE
<XJ G*»ary et.; phone Bus * 880.
Ctr.traDy located fireproof hotc-1; elegantly
reralstMd euites. with haths and singles.
LAIIKIN. MfrH — Larjre sur.ny front room; 2
cr 4 s' nt>m«rn ; 75c p»r night.
O y.\ I1RELL, 23 — Sunny furnished rooms and |
L'f.ctr; elevatcr: tlec. ights: da" week. mo.
fcUTTEP.. r»0ft— Three beautiful new furnished
n MM ar.<3 bath.
E\V. CORNER Fixth and Howard— 200 rooms
rt ir>e. 2f«c and W>c jwr night; from $1, S2.
S4 a ueck; optn all night.
TI'IIK, 121$ — f-ur.ny front room, convenient to
tewn; all night car l:r.e.
i;,JTEl) STATES. 123 E<Wy st-. near Market
— 404 single and family rooas: 35c to $1
ripht; fl 75 to $6 wn-k; elevator; electric
Debts; reading-room: free bus end baggage.
vT.VCHESTER Hotel. 44 3d St.. near Market—
Meet convenient «n<J respectable: 700 rooms;
n.*.c to $1 50 night; $2 to $8 week: elevator;
e-Ie-e. lights; reading-room; free bus; baggage.
A liHANCH efflce for Call advertisements and
FtibceripUcEE has been established at 1096
V«>nrli rt.
ROOMS A.VD DOARD.
AJ:OT, THE 801 DEVISADERO ST.
Strictly flnt-clMS family hotel: funny rooms,
ruite or single; billiards; steam heat.
OLD Etevenson Mansion, opp. Grace Church,
tilth annex. 807 California st. — Attractive ln-
-lertor: ejrr-^ptional table: fn**^ M!l!ard-room.
ROOMS A\D ROARD WASTED.
DT yotzng lady employed during the day. with-
oln fifteen minutes' walk from Powell and
Markef terms not to exceed $30 per month;
tefrrtnees if required. Box 2.317. Call office.
ROOMS WASTED. '
WANTED — 2 unfurnished cunny rooms; 1
front; by man and wife: north of Market;
Ftate price. Box 1041. Call office. • ¦
SPECIAL NOTICES^
1>OCTORS and nurses — Candidates for chief
tui-geon and for chief nurse at the French
Hoepita.1 are called. Address to the office of
the Fr«a»cn Mutual Benevolent Society. 3X6A
o l l t»t it. en or before 0 o # clock Wednesday.
August 7». I'MX V. GARDET. Secretary.
SPECIALISTS.
C^tXi^KhTISeXfNeIs and NOISES in EARS
poeltively cured; new method; 1 week's treax.
o ir*nt Tree. Dr. Cottir^ham. 204 Sutter «t.
STORAGE .l.M) WAREHOUSES.
/.—EMPORIUM Storage & Van Co.: furniture,
houzehold goods stored, moved, shipped. 725>
731 Howard «t., near Third; phone Grant 16L
flEBCE-RODOLPH Storage * Moving Co., of-
nce Post and Powell ets.; tel. Prtv. Ex. S71.
cONKLIN'S rtorag* — Furniture and nierchan-
Clse. 233 Oolden Gate ave.; phone East 128.
GOLDEN West Storage; advances made; S40
ii*««lon «t.: tel. ffo ward P4X F. W. Zehfusi.
J'ACIFIC 6tor»ge and Furniture Mot-ing Com-
;.»ny, 2320 Fillmore it.; I hone Jackson 281.
M.KIN.s Van and Storage Co.. 11 Montgomery
rt.; tel. Main 1840. Shipping at cut rates.
Tri'CWRITERS A>P SUPPLIES.
CKEAT BARGAINS IN TYPEWRITERS— We
sell better machines for less money thanVny
b<.uae la the city; rentals $3. The Typewriter
F.xchacge, &36 California .-telephone iJain 3C4-
*¦¦ FEW good typewriter* at $30 each: get par- ,
ticuUrs, L. i 11. ALEXANDER, 110 Mont-
ffmery «t.
2D-HAWD typewrttem eold, rented, repaired.
Wtt*ter Trpcirrlter Icrpec. 209 Satuome.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
UNITED. STATES BRANCH.
STATEMENT
——OP THE . -
CONDITION AND AFFAIBS
" ' OF THB>— • • . . ¦ .-
Commercial Union
ASSURANCE COMPANY, Limited,
OF LONDON. ENGLAND, ON THE 318T
day o« December. A. D. 1902. and for
the year ending on that day. aa m«4* to the-
Insurance Commissioner of the State of Cal-
ifornia, pursuant to the provisions cf Sections
610 and -611 of the Political Code, condensed
»s per blank furnished by the Commissioner.
ASSETS.
ReaL Eatate owned fty Ctomj>any. . » $TO9.14S 69
Loans on Bonds and Mortgages.... 212,000 00
Cash Market- Value of all Stocks
and Bonds owned by Company-. 2,110.981 25
Cash la Company's Office 8.232 e.1
Own In Banks ..— 175.730 50
Intereot due and accrued on all
¦ Stocks and Loans •• 1,015 23
Interest due a«d accrued oa Bonds ..'••
and Mortgages 3,184 18
Premiums tn Jue Course of Col-
lection «30.T« T8
Bills receivable, not Matured,
taken for Fire and Marine Risks. 9.114 4t
Rents due and accrued 5,702 17
Due from other Companies for Re-
insurance oa losses already paid. 22 85
Total Asset* .$4.073,824 77
LIABILITIES.
Losses adjusted and unpaid ...... $79,059 CO
Losses In process of Adjustment or r
In Suspense 213.243 00
Losses resisted. Including expense*. 37.200 00
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning on* y«ar or less, $2,292.- -
071 39; reinsoranc* 60 per cent.. 1.146.433 70
Grot* premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning more than one year. $2,120.-
902 04; reinsurance cro rata... 1.119, iM OS
Grc?-s premiums on Marine and]
Inland Navigation Rl»k9, $...;(
reinsurance 10O per cent {¦ 61.13(5 0<J
Gross premiums on Marine Time J
Risk*. $ ; reinsurance 60 I
per cent J
Amount reclaimable by the In-
sured on perpetual Fire Insur-
ance Policies 103.41* 12
All other liabilities 134,032 42
Total Liabilities $2.8^861 35
INCOME.
Net cash actually received for Fire ' "
premiums $2.S10.0«U M
Net cash actually received for Ma-
rine premiums 131,430 63
Received for Interest on Bonds and
Mortgages 19.4CS 13
Received for Interest and dividends
on Bonds. Stocks, Loans and
from all other sources T1.379 4«
Received fbr Rents 18.312 85
Total Income .....J3.0B1.865 7.t
EXPENDITtrR.ES.
Net amount t>ald for Fire" Losses
(Including $ losses of pre-
vloua years) i i . . .|l,«S4,eiO 06
Net amount paid for Marine
Losses (Including $ , losses
of previous . years 118,613 66
Paid or allowed for Commission
or Brokeragl G43.S3O 47
Paid for Salaries. Fees and other
charges far ' officers, clerks, etc. 142,913 43
Paid for State. National and Local
taxes ...-...: T2.243 73
Alt other payments and expendi-
tures 143.539 74
Total Expenditures .$2.6Q3.S0O 20
Fire!
Losses Incurred during th> year. ,$l.<70.435 72
Risks and Premiums. Fire Risks. ) Premiums.
Net amount of Risks
written during the
year $337,002,558 $(,034.476 39
Net amount of Risks
expired during the
year 838.000.101 9, 702, 333 99
Net amount in force
December 31. 1902.. 405.174. TIT 4.413.873 43
I Mar. Risks.) Premiums.
Net amount of Risks
written durteg the
year $33,040,561 $281,239 0«
Net amount ~*f Risks
expired during the •
year 57.662.154 272.S30 63
Net amount tn forco!
December 31. 19O2.| 4.183.394 | 84.543 23
~" C. F. MULLIXS.
Pacific Coast Branch Manager.
Subscribed and sworn to before me. this
10th day of March. 1903.
M. M. RHORER.
Deputy Insurance Commissioner.
416 California Street,
SAN FRANCISCO.
UNITED STATES BRANCH.
stat¥meint
OP THE
CONDITION AND AFPATBJ
. OT the . • ¦; ,\r,
ASSURANCE COMPANY, Limited,
OF LONDON. ENGLAND, on the 31st day
of December. A. D. 1902. and for the
year ending on that day, as made to th« In-
surance Commissioner of the State of Cali-
fornia. DUi-suant to the provisions of sections
610 and 611 of the Political Code, condensed
as per blank furnished by the Commissioner:
ASSET3.
Real Estate owned by Company. . . $173,170 8T
Cash Market Value of all Stocks
and Bonds owned by Company. 5S7.00O CO
Cash' In Banks 73.SC3 80
Interest due and accrued on all
Stocks and Loans 3,250 CO
Premiums in due Course of Collec-
tion -63,430 SI
Rents due and accrued 063 0O
Due from other Companies for re- t >
Insurance on losses already paid 2.031 93
Total AsMts $304,317 411
LIABILITIES.
Losses adjusted and unpaid $16 33
Losses in process of Adjustment
or in Suspense ;..*.. 10,1 45 S3
Gross premiums on Fire- Risks -
. running one year or less,
$233,434 17; reinsurance 56 per
cent .'. • .....' 116,717 09
Gross premiums on Fire Risks
running more than one year,
$11S,921 23; reinsurance pro rata 63.213 43
Due and accrued for salaries, rent.
•te... 4,566 33
Commissions and Brokerage due
and to become due H.lWt 8SJ
All Other Llabl 11 ties 11.397 5?
TOtal Liabilities $217.2^3 U
INCOME. ~
Net cash actually received for Fire
premiums * ' $276,607 64
Received for interest and dividends • »••" t**.^ ¦
on Bonds, Stocks, Loans, and
from all other sources 18.6A1 93
Received for Rents 13,821 50
Total Income $309.111 12
EXPENDITURES. ~
Net amount paid for Ftre Losse*
(including $3,02T. losses of pre-
vious yeara) $83,931 49
Paid or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage 63,780 62
! Paid for Salaries. Fees and other
chances for officers, clerks, etc.. 14,183 03
Paid for State, National and Local
taxes • : 8,801 75
All other payments and expendi-
tures 19,004 68
Total Expenditures ....."..„. W
Fire.
Losses incurred during the year... f 88.743 11
Risks and Premiums. IFire Rinks. | Premiums.
Net amount of Risks .
y^ r "! X ..f. U . rl^.. t . h !$23.230.2U $578.07111.
Net amount of Rinks
expired during the:
year 25,163,083 347.553 34
Vet amount la force
December 31. 1902.(23,013,127 3S2.355 39
SAMUEL R. WEED, of Weed A Kennedy.
. V. 8. Managers.
Subscribed and sworn to before me this 14th
day of February. 190.T.
F. FISHBECK. Notary Public
416 California Street,
THE. WEEKLY CALL
$1 per Year.
KEAIi ESTJVTE—-CITY-- FOR . SALE.
• EASTON. ELDR1IXJE t COMPANT,
«3a MARKET 6T.
AUCTION.
AUCTION.
AUCTION.
TUESDAY. AUGUST 23... 1803
At Our Salesroom. 638 Market Et.
At 18 O 1 Clock Noon.
WESTERN ADDITION FLATS.
E. line of Buchanan Bt.. 137:6 ft. N. of
Union: beautiful bay-window frame building,
consisting of two flats, 6 and 7 room* and
1 a thy. modern In -every respect: Noo. 8018 and
3020; lot 25x117:6 ft.
SOUTH OF MARKET-STREET INVEST-
MENT.
NW. line of Harrison Bt., 185 ft NE. of
Eighth; No«. 1176. 1176A and 1176B; Improve-
ments consist"" of 3-story frame building, con-
taining 3 flats and Email building in the rear
containing 2 rooms; rent $42 60 a month; lot
20x80 ft.
SUNSET DISTRICT BLOCK.
Entire block of excellent land, bounded by
Seventeenth and Eighteenth aves. and. W and
X «-U.. being block 1257. bIm 240x000 ft.; this
is a most desirable location- for a roadhouse,
' being adjacent to the fajfrour Ingleslde racing
cour»e and covered with eucalyptus trees. It
U on a par with Trocadero.
MISSION BUILDING CORNER.
: NE. corner of Seventeenth and Noe sts.; ex-
tremely desirable corner; lot 30r91:6 ft.;- this
is a particularly desirable location for etores
, and flats.
MISSION BUILDING SITES.
NE. corner of Seventeenth and Prosper sts.;
lot £2x91:6 ft.; an excellent location for the
. erection of flats; this property lies in the heart
of the warm belt.
ELIZABETH-ST. INVESTMENT.
S. line of Elizabeth et.. 236:8 ft. west of
Diamond Bt. ; 2 very desirable building lots,
•lie 51:8x114 ft.; improvements on property :
consisting of a cottage of 5 rooms.
WESTERN ADDITION FLATS.
N. line of Bush st., E. of Broderlck; Nos.
2626 and 2C26A. 6 and 7 rooms; fine stable in
the rear; rent $48 60 per month; lot 27:6x
, 137:6 ft.
DOWNTOWN INVESTMENT.
N. Ue« of Clay St.. 70:*- ft. W. of Powell.
correr of Parker alley; improvements consist
of & substantial 2-story brick building; ex-
tremely large lot, 86:6x97:6 ft.
BRODERICK-ST. BUILDING LOT.
"W. line of Broderick St., 75 ft. N. of Oak;
very desirable neighborhood; 1 block from en-
t ranee of Golden Gate Park Panhandle; 25x
100 ft.
! For further particulars apply to
EASTON, ELDRIDGE & CO..
638 Market st.
: HEADQUARTERS FOR PARK LOTS!
$500 to 11200— Only graded lots fronting
i boulevard, ocean and park. Unobstructed
view from every lot. Fronting electric cars.
¦ Don't miss this opportunity. Easy terms.
$60 to $230 — Near ocean and park— $5 monthly.
I Oceansld* branch office on 49th ave. and K at.
1 OPEN SUNDAYS.
', 6ELLINO FAST— SEE THEM TO-DAT.
$500 to $1000 — New lots In Sunset District.
1 Graded and sewered, near cars, $10 monthly.
; Sunset branch office on 0th ave., near H it.
$150 to $200 — Level Excelsior Homestead lots
• near Mlsslon-st. electric cars — $5 monthly.
Choice Richmond District lots, $10 monthly.
r $1000 to $3500 — 4, 6 and 6 room modern cot-
tages. Sunset, Richmond and Excelsior
1 Homestead. AH bargains!
Easy terms! ,
i SOL GETZ St. EON, owners and dealers.
Room 54, Chronicle building.
1
1 .
JOSEPH STRAUB, e30 Market Bt
' $3000—2 flats. 9 rooms, basement: rear house
4 roomE; basement of 2 rooms; Mason and F1I-
• bert Ets. •
$S500 — Good income property; nice locality;
! 3 bay-window flats: basement; sun all day;
t pays over 11 t>er cent.
Nlc« level lots on Eighteenth and Nineteenth
• aves.; easy installment or cash; south of park;
marine view.
$200 — Choice level lots, ready to build on;
' Excelsior Homestead; Mission; installment.
t BETTER THAN ANY BANK.
k $1000 down and $50 per month for new flats
i near Twenty-ninth and Mission streeti. i
I $300 down and $20 per month will buy you
cottage. 5 rooms and bath: up to date.
D. COFFIN & CO.. 3303 Mission street.
i FOR sale — House 8 rms. : high basement: sunny
eide 19th. bet. Valencia and Mission; no reas.
• offer refused. Stephens & Co.. Union-sq. Mkt.
, FOR Bale — $3000; modern 6-room house in best
portion of Mission. 606 Hill ct.. near Castro.
INVESTMENTS — $1400 up. paying 10 to 15 per
' cent. THORN'E & CO.. 207 Montgomery st.
REAL ESTATE Conn try— For Sale.
FOR SALE. r
Orchard and* poultry farm; 49 acres; Sonoma
County; 40 miles frcm San Francisco.
2000 full-bearing fruit trees; this year's crop
. approximately 20.500 lbs cherries, 4000 lbs
Crawford peaches. €000 lbs Bartlett pears, C000
lbe plums, 4000 boxes apples, 3 acres asparagus.
1300 hens, 7 peos fancy fowls, horses, Jersey
cows and helfere.
Large barn, fruit houses, chicken houses,
brooders. Incubators, wagon*, harness, farming
¦ and orchard outfit complete and modern.
Dwelling house 11 rooms: fine shade groves,
lawns and garden; aburv-lant water.
This year's net income $4000; distant resi-
dence of owner compels sale.
L. E. THOMPSON. 4S2 Parrott Bldg.. S. F.
1 FOR SALE— TOKAY GRAPE LAND. "
Tfcls flaming Tokay grape land can be pur-
chawd in 10-acre tracts, in Whi taker & Ray
Colons*. Gait.. Sacramento Co., Cal., $400 a
tract. *£ down; the Tokay grape ripens In this
) locality 4 weeks earlier than in any other part
j of the State. Grapes from tbta locality can be
s*-en in the windows at 648 Market et.. M Mont-
i gomery «t. and at the Sacramento County ex-
hltit. ftrry building.
QUIGGLE. 11 Montgomery St.. care Wood-
ward & Co., hours 9 to 10 a. m. and 12 to 1 and
4 t3 5 p. m., or address box 15, Gait,. Sacra-
mento County, Cal.
ALFALFA lands, stock ranches, orchards,
' vineyards; inspected bargains; monthly cata-
'¦ logue* nent free. C. M. WOOSTER CO.. 643
Market et. -'...,
j ¦
i $15.000 — A LOVELY countrr home:'80 acr»s
fruit: 60 milew. MOSSMAX, 850 Market rt.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
alameda real estate.
juIst'^vyiia^tou^aI^
a pretty home in alameda.
Surrounded by flowers and fruit trees; near
train and schools: only $2850; lot 76x125.
Nice S-room cottage and bath.
ALAMEDA LAND COMPANT.
Tel. Grand 1461. 1500 Park st.. Alameda.
$3150 — EIGHT- ROOMED bouse In good loca-
tion: must be cold. W. H. POLLARD. 218
California Et.. San Francisco.
BERKELEY" ADVERTISEMENTS
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
AN opportunity seldom met' with; I have a
new 2-story 7-room house, 4 bedrooms,
equipped with all modern conveniences,' gas,
electric lights, etc. oa an improved street.,
only 2 blocks from the station, which I will
sell to a reliable party on the following
terms: $100 cash and the balance In month-
ly Installments; whole price $3500. •_.; .< *¦
JOSEPH J. MASON. Real Estate.
Cor. Shattuck ave. and Center. Berkeley.
1507 PRINCE st..- near -Santa Fe R. R. — Large
8-rcom bouse; high basement; stable, cow
barn. 7 houses for chickens; lot 160x135;
street work complete; call and Inspect.
LEVI J. MORAN.
2131 Shattuck ave.. Berkeley.
$4000 — 3 ACRES on Dwlght way. East Berke-
ley; elegant location: -fine.
LEVI J. MORAN,
2131 Ehattuck ave., Berkeley.
FINE. new. handsome cottages; up to date; all
conveniences: close to cars; large lots; $1560
to $1600; only $200 cash, balance $16 60 per
xncoth.
W. C MORAN. -Lorin station, or
•; - ¦ C. C. EMSLIE, Ashby rtatloa.
FOR RENT— House of 8 rooms and bath; near
U. C. and Head Semlnarr.
JOa J. MASON. Real Estate,
Corner Shattuck ave. and Center, st.
NEW, modern house 10 rooms, near university,
for eale cr to rent; $30. Inquire 1811 Addlson
* st.. Kaft Berkeley. -
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE, 1118 2BOASWA7.
OAKUM) REAL ESTATE.
RFFORE moving K«t my printed list of house*
to let. GEORGE W. AUSTIN. 1002 Broad-
' -way. . - '"'-',. : " ; • "•"-. ' .' "- •'
ALEX. MURDOCK. Chronicle bldg.. San Fran-
clsro. for Oakland. Berkeley or rura' homes.
OAKLAND FimXITUHE FOB SALE.
TO-MORROW th« • day f or bargains in furni-
ture. II. Schcllhaa?, 11th eb cor. store, Oaklnd
DUNN— In thl« city.. August 17. 1903, John.
beloved husband of Mary Dunn,' father of
Philip J,. John J.. and Charles A. • Dunn.
' Mrs. A. Gale, Mrs. J. A. Murphy and the
Jate James A. Dunn, and brother of Mrs. R.
Jepsen. a native of Youghal. County Cork.
Ireland, aged 05 years 3 months and 15
¦days.
(CTTrlendS/and acquaintances are respect-
' fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
I (Thursday), at 12:30 o'clock, from his late
'. residence, 12<S6 Folsom street, thence to St.
¦Joseph's Church for services at 1 o'clock.
% , Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
HAitMERSMITH^-In V this city, August j 18,
¦ 10y3 • JamoB 'R.. belovd. son of Edward and
; '."Catherine. Hammersmith.' and brother of Eri
i and Edward Hammersmith; a native of San
t -.Krahclsco. aged 3 months and 22 days.
HAKKIS— In thi3 city, August 18. '1003, Fanny.
¦ beloved wife of Uenjamln Harris, mother of
- Mrs. Bert Llssner of Oakland -and .Stella,
£f Canine,. Tessie. Myrtle, Sylvlan and Lloyd
Harris, and daughter of E. Klrschbraun. a
native of Germany, aged 42 years and 8
. months.
" E7"Fiiends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
to-day tWednesday), at 1:15 o'clock, at her
I Jate residence, SIS Hayes street. Interment
• Hills of Eternity Cemetery, by 2:30 o'clock
- train from Third and- Townsend streets. ..
OFFICERS and members of Congregation
Sherlth Ierael are hereby notified i to attend
r the funeral of Mrs. Fanny Harria, the es-
;• t tumble wife' of our member, Mr. Benjamin
• Harris, at 1:15 o'clock, from 818 Hayes
¦ - etreet.
.HICKEY— In this city, August 17, 1903, Julia
M., dearly beloved daughter of John F. and
the late Elizabeth Hickey, and loving sister
of William J. and Thomas C. Hickey and
Mrs. II. B. O'Donnell. a native of San Fran-
cisco.
E7"Fnends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-da)
{Wednesday), at 8:30 o'clock, from her late
residence, 3»3S Eighteenth street, thence to
Mission Dolores Church, where a requiem
high mass will be celebrated for the repose
of her soul at 0 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
HURST— In -this city. August 18. 1003. Januu,
dearly' beloved husband of Allle Hurst, and
dearly beloved father of Mabel, James Jr.,
Georgia and Willie Hurst, a native of County
Fermanagh, Ireland, aged 53 years and 1
month.
K7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 10 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 1331: Fulton street. Interment Cyprem
Lawn Cemetery, by carriage.
McCONNELL — In this city. August 17, 1003,
Agnes, beloved wife of Frank McConnell,
and daughter of the late Hugh and Mary
Healey, a native of San Francisco.
IC^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Wednesday), at 8:30 o'clock, from her late
residence, 2CK5 Franklin street, thence to St.
Ignatius Church, tvhere a requiem high mass
will be celebrated for the repose of her soul,
commencing: at I) o'clock. « Interment Holy
.Cross Cemetery.
McCORMACK— In the City and County Hos-
pital, August 18, l«03. Frank McCormack, a
native of California, aged 32 years.
MADDEN— In this city. August 18. 1003. John
Joseph, beloved hust>and of Mrs. Annie Mad-
den, lather of Joseph Madden, and eon Of
Mary and the late Michael H. Madden, a na-
tive of San Francisco, aged 28 years 9
months and 19 days. A member of Gentle-
men's Sodality of St. Ignatius Church.
lC7"Fiiends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at it :.':<> o'clock, from his late
residence, 1SSI2 Ellis street, thence to Holy
Cross Church, where a requiem high mass
¦will lie celebrated for the repoee of his soul,
commencing at 10 o'clock. Interment Holy
Crws Cemetery. Members of Gentlemen's
Sodality are requested to meet at the late
home of the deceased this (Wednesday) even-
Ing, at 8 o'clock.
MAGUIRE— In this city, August 17. 1903. John
Maguire. a native of Canada, aged 71 years.
MOCKER— In this city. August 18, 100;?, Annie
L., beloved wife of Andrew Mocker, mother
of Irene M. Jlocktr. and daughter of Sophie
and the late H«er.ry Schroder, a native of
San Francisco. s,
IC?*Friends are Invited to attend the fu-
neral to-morrow (Thursday), at 1:30 o'clock,
from the residence of her sister, Mn. J.
Thode, 820 Wuller street, near Broderlck.
Interment urlvate. Please omit flowers.
MOSHER— In Nile?. Cal., August 18. liW3,
John Mother, beloved father of Kitty
Mosher. and brother of Mrs. A. Rowell and
A. H. Mcsher, a native of New York, aged
M years 9 months and 0 days. "
[CTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the interment to-
morrow (Thursday), at 1 o'clock, at Cypress
Lawn Cemetery, San Matco County.
NELSON— In this city. August 18. .1903. Jamea,
beloved husband of Margaret Nelson, father
of Mary, William ami James Nelson, brother-
in-law "of Myles Knonan. and uncle of Pat-
rick McMahon, a native of County Clare,
Ireland, aged 52 years 10. months and 12
days.
ETTriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attond the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at !(:-'?0 o'clock, from ¦ his late
residence. 41" Folsom street, thence to St.
Brendan's Church, fcr services. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery.
OS BORN — In this city. August 17. 1W?, Dan
Henry Osborn, nei>hew of Sarah Osborn, a
native of California, aged 23 years and 2
days.
£7"P*uneral services at Ukiah -August 20,
1903. Remains at the mortuary chatjel of
the GoMcn (Jate Undertaking Company, 2175
Mission etreet, near Twenty-first.
OTEY — In this city. August 15. 1903. Robert
j M.; beloved husband -of Mary Otey, a- native
1 of Oregon, aged 42 yeais 2 months and 1/
dayp.
PAOE— At Rubicon Park, Lake Tahoe, El
DcJrado Coufltv. Cal., August 17, 19C3. Hugo
E. i'ase, dearly ' beloved son of Gustav and
BeHha Pace, and beloved brother of Alvm
and the late Hemard Page, a native of
San Kram-isco. aifi-d ~~> years 2 months and
20 flays. •
CyVriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Wednesday), < at 2 o'clock, from the resi-
dence of hia parents, 7i:o Turk Ftreet. near
Van Ness avenue. Intt-rmont private, in Odd
Fellows' Cemetery. Please omit flowers.
PENCO — In this city, August 17, 1903, Gio-
vanni, dearly beloved husband of Mary
Ptnco. son-in-law of Louisa and Domenico
Ferrt-a, and brother-in-law of Jamrs Ferrea,
Mr?. Jennie Alrola. Mrs. Sophie Demartmi
and Jwtph, Charles, Lily and Lillo Ferrea,
a native of Italy, aged S7 years and 1U
months.. • • . /.
Ul/Fner.ds and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Thursday,
August tQ. 1'JtXi. at 12:C0 o'clock, from hi*
late residence, 2300 Mason Ftreet. thence to
St?. Peter and Paul's Italian Church fcr
blessing. Interment New Italian Cemetery.
' RAFEKTY— In this city, August IS. l!)0.l.
Kilen, beloved wife of the late M. Raferty.
and mother of Thomas K. Raferty. Mrs. Mae
Ackerson, Mrs. Kitty May and Mrs. Thomas,
Flynn, a native of Sileo, Ireland, aged 50
years & months and 7 days.
E^Frlenris and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend tht funeral Thursday,
at »:3O o'clock, frcm her late residsnee 1477
• Ocnry street, thence to St. Mary's Cathe-
dral, O'Karrell street and Van Ness avenue,
where a solemn requiem high mass will be
celebrated for ' the retxise of her soul, com-
raenclnjj at H o'clock. Interment Holy Cress
Cemetery.
REAGAN — In Alameda. August IS, 1903, John
Reagan, husband of Aurclle Keagan, and
father of Mia. William J. Gorham, Mrs. T.
E. Hrennnn. Mrs. George Stewart and Wil-
liam II. H«*>aran, a native of Tennessee.-
aged 70 years 8 months and 17 days. A
member of San Francisco Lodge No. 3 I. O.
O. F. . •
CTFrieniU rind acquaintances are respect-
fully irivited to attend the funeral services
Thursday), August 'M. 1903, at 10 o'clock,
at the res'denvc, IT. ill! Lincoln avenue. In-
terment Odd Fellows' Plat, Laurel Hlil
Cemetery, San Francisco.
REUTER— In this city, August 10, 1903, Hen-
riette M. M., beloved wife of William Reu-
. ter. and devoted mother of Carl. Gertrude,
'Clara and William Reuttr Jr., a native of
Stade. Germany, aged 54 years 10 months
and 13 days. - ; •
E?" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, from her late !
residence, 213 Capp street, between Seven-
teenth and J51f?hteenth, Mission and Howard.
Interment private.
ROSENBERG — In Oakland, Augu«t 18, 1003.
Mertyn II., beloved «on of Laz. and Sarah
Rosenberg, and brother of Mrs. F. E. Ilas-
kette arid Herbert M., Grace, Esmee, Lester
and Inland KosenberK, a native of Oakland,
aced 2 yeara 3 months and 5 days.
SAMPLE— In this city. August 10, 1903. Rob-
ert A., dearly beloved husband of Mary J.
" Sample, and devoted father of Isabell and
the late Willie Samnle, a native of County
Derry, Ireland, aged 34 years 8 months and
19 days. . . .
tty Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Wednes-
day, August 18, 1903. atl o'clock, from his
late residence. .4330 Twenty-thUd street,
• thence to I. O. O. F. Hall, where services
will bo held under the auspices of Sergeant
Lodge No. 3CS. Interment Cypresa Lawn
Cemetery. > • ......
SILVA — In Mill Valley, Marin County. Cal..
August 17. 1903. Mary J., beloved Infant
daughter of George and Mary SUva,' a na-
tive of Sausallto. Cal., aged 1 year 5 months
* and 28 days. '. •; - - : •
STEVENS— In this city. August 16, 1903, in-
fant daughter of Edward H. and Edith
Stevens ' (nee Kennealy).
WHEELER— In this city, August 18, 1003 Al-
fred Wheelef, . a native of New York City,
aged 81": years.
WINHALL — In this city, August 18, 1903, Ar-
thur, beloved husband of Rose Winhall, and
father of Marjorie Wlnhall, a native of Lon-
don, England, aged 30 years 5 months and
18 dayg. .*¦ ¦ *. . ¦¦SUPERINTENDENT OF THE COAST DIVISION OF THE SOUTHERN
" PACIFIC RAILROAD, "WHO HAS BEEN MADE ASSISTANT TO GEN
ERAL, AND HIS SUCCESSOR
"WALTER. O. T.. Aujr. IS.— Professor E.
Horn, until recently prominent In Alabama
educational circles, was fatally Injured here
by the explosion of a stick of dynarr.lt*.
Dominlck Cereghlno of the C\&i Street
Market was arrested yesterday on a
'warrant * sworn to before PoUco * Judge
Cabanlss by Deputy Fish Comm!s3loner
J. C. Ingalla. He Is charged -with violat
ing 1 the fish law* by having undersized
striped bass In his possession. Ingalla
caught him cleaning the fish and Ceregh
ino wanted to fight him, but changed hia
mind when Ingalls told him to go ahead.
Violates the Pish Law.
'•Reduced rates on household goods to & from
the East & South. Bekln'i. - 11 Montgomery. •
Most striking effects are produced, by
premium pictures mounted on harmonious
tinted raw silk mat board, greens, grays^
black and red; most stunning and artis
tiu/f a very moderate outlay. Sanborn.
YaUV* Co.. 711 Market street. ...•..:
Poster Pictures.
An alarm was turned in last night at 9
o'clock at box 86. : The j fire <was at 10
Brady street, where* a small cottage was
enveloped in flames." The fire was soon
extinguished, but' the place was deluged
with water. The house was owned' by C.
Vlercher.
Fire on Brady . Street.
The laying of the cornerstone of the
West Side ; Christian' .Church : will be cele-^
brated , Sunday,- August 23, at 3 o'clock at
Bush street near , Devisadero. " An f enter
taining programme has been arranged for
the occasion. - -.
To ' Lay^ Cornerstone.
¦ . Satisfied ... customers ' tell of our. good .work..
Mysell-Rolllns, 22 Clay, printers and binders. •
OAKLAND, Aug. 18.— A petition was
filed to-day by St. Andrew's ! Protestant
Episcopal Church for permission to sell
real estate that It ownsat the cornor of
Ninth and Cypress streets. :
Would Sell Church Lot.
The trial of the suit of. Patrick F.,Dil
lon against his father, Patrick , Dillon,
to recover $2800 began before a Jury in
Judge Kerrigan's , court . yesterday. The
money is on deposit in a local bank' and
young Dillon says It Is his, claiming that
he gave it to his ' father ; to deposit for
him. ¦ '
Sues His Father for Money.
& The Carnegie Brick and Pottery Com
pany was Incorporated yesterday with a
capital « stock of * $100,000, of which $700 is
subscribed. ¦, The directors, each of whom
has subscribed ; $100, are' James H. Swift,
O. K. McMurray, C. A. Gray. M. B. May
nard, C. Bosse, M. A. Murphy and W. C.
Gregg. " .
Pottery Company Incorporates.
The hearing of the divorce suit of J
W. Blair against Addle Blair has been
transferred from Madera County to this
city on motion of defendant's attorneys
He charges her with . unfalthf ulhess.
OAKLAND, Aug. 18.— Dr. William H.
Simmons was granted a final decree of
divorce to-day by Superior Judge Melvin
on the ground of crueky. •
Husbands Sue Wives.
At the recent meeting of wine men held
in St. Helena, a committee of six was
appointed to meet In this city and 'confer
with Congressman Bell. The committee
is composed of C. L. La Rue, Percy T.
Morgan, president of the California. Wine
Association, C. Bundschu, Theodore
Grier, J. L». Berlnger and W. . B. . Rankin.
The committee met with Congressman
Bell yesterday In the rooms of the Mer
chants' Association " to discuss the char
acter of a pure wine ! law, to ¦ be»Intro
duced in the next Congress. , ;, • ;. ;
The committee • decided unanimously
that all wine not a* product * of .the < pure
grape shall be required ; to ' be • branded In
such a manner as to show,, Its -true! char
acter, and also that suchs wines' be' heav
ily taxed. - ¦' , . . : . ; , :
The committee recommended' that no
additions of any kind should be mado' to
wines and that any foreign substance
added should be held. to make wine im
pure. .
Conference Is Held in This City Bela
tive to Provisions of Bill* to '
Be Introduced.
. Owing, to the immense size of Gottlieb
Relchstetter, who died last Saturday at
his i residence/ 716 Railroad avenue, South
San Francisco, the undertakers were put
to some trouble yesterday in getting the
body through the doors to the hearse.
Reichstetter was ; 66 years of age and
weighed at least 350 pounds.
'When it was attempted, to take the cof
fin out of. the parlor It. was found neces
sary to pry off the lid and take the door
off its hinges. A dozen men were re
quired to lift the coffin down the stairs,
among them being I several members of
the-order of Odd Fellows, to which the
deceased belonged.
¦ Relchstetter was* a resident of Califor
nia for 49 years and foreman In a slaugh
ter, house- for 27 years. The cause of his
death was, heart disease.' '
Immense Size of Gottlieb Beichstetter
: . Necessitates Taking Parlor
- Door Off Hinges.
COFFIN TOO LABGE TO /
: GET THROUGH THE DOORS
OAKLANp, Aug. 13.— The Grand Jury
that will probe Into the affairs of the
county, during the coming session was Im
paneled this morning by Judge Ellsworth.
Owing to the former Grand Jury having
been so Recently dismissed there Is noth
ing at the present time calling for the
new body's Immediate attention.
J. B. Vosburg was elected foreman.
The names of the rest who compose tHe
panel are: Philo Mills, Richard Crooks,
Carl H. Wente, D. Edward Collins.
Charles Dawborn, W. E. Meek, Frank
Bangs, C. • C. Lombard, F. E. Brlgham.
John A. Beckwith, John M. Creed, T. B.
Smith, H. M. Taylor, A. W. Schafer, W.
H. Ford, John Tlsch. .
J. B. Vosburg Is Elected Foreman.
Body Organizes, but Littls
Work Is in Sight.
NEW GBAND JXTBY
IS IMPANELED
Christian A. <d* Berg, first mate of the
British ship Inverness, died yesterday
morning at St. Mary's Hospital from Inju
ries received by falling off a ladder on the
British chip Imberhorne.
First Mate de Berg Killed.
No matter what other remedies you
have used unsuccessfully for eczema do
not despair. Dr. Koenigstein's Red Salve
will cure you. •
An examination under the direction of
the United States Civil Service Commis
sion will be held In this city October 21
for the position of teacher in the Indian
service. Minimum age limit 20 years.
Apply to the commission at Washington,
D. C, or to the secretary of the Board of
Civil Service Examiners. 301 Jackson
street, fcr application form 1312.
Indian Teacher Wanted.
Last night while she was sleeping In an
apartment adjoining the 'room occupied
by her spouse, Gardener arose and, secur
ing the knife, attacked her.
Mrs. Gardener believes that her hus
band's mind has, become unbalanced and
she will endeavor to have him placed in
some public institution where he can be
closely guarded.
. ALAMEDA, Aug. 18.— Driven to despair
through worrying over his enfeebled
state, Harry Gardener, a consumptive In
valid, made a murderous attack on his
wife last night with a carving knife. He
stabbed her on the head several times
while she lay in bed and desisted only
when his strength failed him and he fell
in a faint on the floor. Gardener's spouse
then sought aid and protection from
neighbors. This morning she complained
to the police and requested that her hus
band be removed from tho Gardener
home, 2124 San Antonio avenue, but re
fused to swear to any charge against the
sick man.
Gardener is about 55 years of age and
was formerly employed in the municipal
Street Department. Nine months ago tie
was taken ill and his condition Is now
precarious. He has been cared for by his
wife.
Id valid Husband Makes
Frenzied Effort to
Kill Spouse.
J. C. Wilder, who succeeds Mr. Worth
ington, is a clever . traffic man. He had
much experience . under Superintendent
Palmer and is credited with being able
to give his superiors no cause of regret
for giving him such a responsible posi
tion. A. W.' Baker has also had much
experience at the Oakland mole and the
work - he ' is to take : up will not be un
familiar to him. " . - • '
Mr. Worttiington will * be attached to
tho executive department of the company,
and his friends. predict that he will ad
vance as far as opportunities permit.
that he was a good man to figure, but
when it came down to real railroading
he was not a success. Later they real
ized their mistake. Superintendent
Worthington carried a little red pocket
book that told him at a glance how much
tonnage his locomotives were hauling, but
he was also credited with combining prac
tical work with tables of figures.
: "When Manager Agler took his car out
over Worthinston's division the latter
could tell how much every way station
brought to the company in freight re
ceipts and how much a yard it cost to
oil his tracks. His fame soon spread,
and a few weeks ago ;.' an Eastern road
made him a handsome offer to leave the
Southern Pacific and so East. He was
reluctant, however, : to sever his connec
tions with the company he had worked
for all His life, and was told that soon
, the < Southern Pacific would be able to
give him a better offer. The result was
that yesterday Manager . Agler formally
notified him of his appointment as assist
ant to General Manager Kruttschnltt.
It is a common theory among railroad
men that once a man begins to- climb
the ladder of promotion in the railroad
world he generally keeps it up with leaps
and bounds. So it Is with "Bert" Worth
ington, as he is popularly called. He Is
looked upon as one of the brightest traf
fic men in the "West, and the Southern
Pacific officials are not slow to appreciate
his worth. He has been in the employ
of the Southern Pacinc Company since
he was a lad and he gradually worked
his way up through Individual efforts
to the oosltion" of company statistician
two and a half years ago. He was . then
placed in charge of the Coast Division
of the Southern Pacific. Under his' man
agement trains began to pull In on time,
better service was noticed and In a few
months he had the premier division of
the Southern Pacific system.
Some old railroad men used to argue
o ¦i"K-i";"i"!"H"i~H^~H-:~:"!-i"i-i-i"i"i"i
COMMITTEE OF WINE MEN
ARRIVES AT CONCLUSIONS
important being that of B. : A.
Worthlngton, who has been relieved from,
duty as superintendent of the Coast Divi-
Blon and assigned to duty In the office
of Assistant to the President Julius Krutt
schnitt.
This promotion was foreshadowed in
The Call several weeks ago. J.- C. Wil
der, who has been for some time" assist
ant to Superintendent Palmer of the
Oakland division, succeeds Mr. Worthlng
ton at the Fourth and Townsend streets
depot as superintendent, and A. W. Bak
er, now at the Oakland mole, will drop
into Mr. Wilder's position.
THREE promotions were : an
nounced yesterday afternoon from
the executive offices of the South
ern Pacific Company, .the" most
On Sunday, August 23. the California North
western Railway will run an excursion to
Ukiah through that most picturesque section of
the State — Marln, Santa Rosa and Russian
River valleys — charging only |2 for the round
trip. Each ticket sold insures a seat, for the
company will not eell a single ticket above
the number of seats provided. They will be
on sale commencing Monday, August 17, at
ticket office. 650 Market street (Chronicle
building) and at Tiburon ferry. Time of de
parture from Tiburon ferry will be 8:30 a. m •
from Ukiah on the return, S p. <m. • '
Ukiah. Excursion.
E. P. Worley, a Falcon keeper of Sac
ramento, filed a petition In Insolvency.
He owes $2639 and has $2585 assets. Mary
A. Burke, housewife, residing in Oakland,
also filed a petition. She owes J2019 and
has no assets.
Percy L. Davis, James Meek and M.
E. Stern, creditors of the Ely Stern Com
pary of San Francisco, filed a petition
yesterday in the United States District
Court asking that the company be de
clared a bankrupt. The complaint alleges
that the company committed an act of
bankruptcy by ranking a peneral assign
ment of ell Its property to Reuben Co
hen for the benefit of the creditors, and
that It transferred more than one-half
of its entire stock of merchandise to the
City and County Bank with Intent to pre
fer such creditor.
Petitions in Insolvency.
ATTACKS WIFE
WITH A KNIFE
The Fourteenth Cavalry, which was re
cently ordered to the Philippines and then
recalled,, has been again directed to take
station in Luzon. The transport Thomas,
which is scheduled to sail September 1,
will carry 10 officers and 308 enlisted men
of the Marine Corps to Manila. Captain
W. F. Geary, who has acted as assistant
chief of comissary for this department
for nearly two years, has received orders
to leave for the Division of the Philip
pines.
Are Ordered to Philippines.
Yesterday Mrs. Charles H. Hunter, 19
Boyce street, reported the disapearance
of her husband. She said he was book
keeper for Berry Brothers, varnish man
ufacturers, 12 Front street, and on Sat
urday morning he went' to'hlsi work as
usual, but complained of being sick. He
did not return, and she ascertained that
he had left the office at 3 o'clock Saturday
afternoon and that was the last seen or
heard of him. She could not account for
his absence. He is 36 years of age, 5 feet
8V4 inches tall, dark complexion and hair
slightly gray and brown eyes. He has a
mole on the center of his forehead and
another on the side of his face. He wore
striped trousers, gray coat and vest and
black stiff hat.
Bookkeeper Is Missing.
It Is expressly denied by men here who
are competent to speak for the party or
ganizations of New York and New Jersey
that there is any machine movement In
existence or In contemplation to bring
about Cleveland's nomlnatlon.Cleveland's
friends say he would certalnlji object to
such a movement or- to any semblance of
constructive politics in his behalf.
The statement In ex-Senator Smith's letter
confirms In authoritative terms the first an
nouncements published in the Eagle that Tam
many Hall will declare for Cleveland and that
New Jersey will vote for his nomination in the
national convention.
"I am sure that New York State will be In
line ¦ for him at the convention. So will th«
whole East, and Middle West. Whether Bryan
has friends i who can beat him Is hard to tell.
Yours very truly,
"JAMES B. SMITH JR."
The Eagle correspondent goes on to
say: ,
Tk^mii?* 8^* Charles p - Murphy, leader of
Tammany Hall, and other Important Demo
crats or great (nfluence have agreed among
themselves and with national Democrats of
peat influence to elect a New York delegation
lor ex- President Cleveland next year reached
Saratoga to-day. It was conveyed In a letter to
Henry Stafford Little of New Jersey, an associ
ate of Cleveland on the board of trustees of
.Princeton University, who ts now a guest at
the Grand Union Hotel. The letter was writ
ten by ex-Senator Jamea B. Smith Jr.. a Dem
ocratic State leader of New Jersey, and. with
certain personal passages eliminated, follows:
"I was very glad, to hear from you and to
learn that you are. at the spring. of health and
hope you will return home good and strong. I
read your article as It appeared In the Herald
on Cleveland. It was strong and to the point.
You and I will be put down as Cleveland
boomers by and by, but If our people are as
sensible as I take them to - be they can elect
him. He Is the only man they can elect at
this time. I conferred with Tammany leaders
soon after the article appeared on April 20,
and met Charles F. Murphy and a number of
other -New YorlC- Democrats, and they all
agreed with me that the only thing to do was
to nominate Cleveland.
NEW i YORK, Aug. j lS.-The Brooklyn
Eagle, which has been leading in the ef
fort to boom Cleveland for the Democrat
ic nomination for preslent, to-day had
the following from Saratoga:
Special Dtepatch to The Call.
New Jersey Will Support the
Former President in
Convention. '
Leaders Plan to Give
Him the New York
Delegation.
TAMMANY HALL
FOR CLEVELAND
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, AUGUST 19, 1903.
He Is Appointed Kruttschnitt's Assistant in
the Executive Offices of the Southern
Pacifrc™ J. G. Wilder to Succeed Him
MERITED ADVANCEMENT
COMES TO WORTHINGTON
16
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ROOS BROS]
The beginning of
A STORY ABOUT CLOTHES
We are going to tell
IN SEVERAL CHAPTERS.
Our compliments to the hosts of visitors now
arriving and who will crowd the streets of our city
[during the present week.
'^ We wish you all to know that there is a high-grade
clothing store in town, fully equipped with everything
in the way of Men's and Boys' outfittings necessary
for your comfort
SF You will find here a large and complete collection
of ready-to-wear suits and overcoats for men and boys,
made in the highest style of the tailor's art, from the
latest and most fashionable materials, and bearing the
labels of those famous New York clothiers: —
BROKAW BROS.
ROGERS, PEET & CO.
also from the celebrated Chicago firm of
HART, SCHAFFNER & MARX.
Every detail of these garments is as carefully looked after
as in the highest class made-to-order clothes. The fine woolens
and worsteds of which they are made were selected from the
same samples shown to* Fifth Avenue's most expensive tailors.
The prices are from one-third to one-half less than any first-class
tailor would charged
To wear with these clothes you should have one of our
incomparable •
STETSON HATS,
every one of which represents the fullest value for the price,
and you can select from a dozen new Fall styles for .
54.00 — Our Price Always the Same — $4.00.
I TRUNKS.
A complete line of Trunks, Suit Cases and Traveling Bags,
of the best quality too, are here. We are sole agents in San
Francisco for the celebrated Innovation Wardrobe Trunk.
HABERDASHERY.
Lots more we could tell you about our fine Shirts, Under-
wear and other Haberdashery, but that's another story. You
can see them all by calling at our store.
KEARNY. AT POST.
&$M ADVERTISEMENT^
RIBBONS, HOSIERY,
This week we will have on sale some
extra values in the above departments.
1000 pieces Nos. 5 and 7 300 dozen LADIES' FAST
test analitB WASH TAF- BLACK COTTON HOSE,
FETA RIBBON, all shades spliced soles, Heels and toes
| ..5c Yard ,. 25c Pair
1t;nnniPrpqNn 7TTRFRTY 200 dozen extra 1 uallt H
louu pieces wo. / Libttti i rAnTr ;ci or atk rnTTOM
<JATIN RIRRflM PTtM fiTio LADIEi)' bLALh. LU11UIN
5A11IN KldDUWj eXlra line uncr Uopmsrlnpf dno In
mulltn in afuu line or new SifdC™^ «*»'»«
colorings. .10c Yard or white sole ....35c Pair
' 1200 pieces No, 60 WASH 250 dozen LADIES' BLACK
TAFFETA RIBBON, meas- LISLE THREAD HOSE, In-
ures 3K Inches wide and elm Ing lace and embrold-
comes In 30 shades ered erfects, in great Yarleto
.... 15c Yard 50c and 75c Pair
GOO ntpnps 5-1nrh WASH 200 dozen CHILDREN'S
ta2i7i?ta DiUnM \i «ii FAST BLACK COTTON HOSE,
TAFFETA RIBBON in all mh mellum aM neaYp
the leading shades, includ- weight, extra spliced, all
lnghlack 20c Yard sizes 25c Pair
500 pieces 4-inch SATIN 150 dozen LADIES' SWISS
TAFFETA and douhie faced RIBBED WOOL VESTS and
LIBERTY RIBBON, all DRAWERS, non-shrmxahle
colors.... 25c Yard •* $1.00 Each
"oMlniDroc* Lrh CUAnm I00 A ° ZQ11 MEN ' S EX TRA
250 pieces 4-lnch SHADED H EAV-Y AUSTRALIAN
RIBBON for Pillow Ruffling, WOOL SHIRTS AND
15 new combinations DRAWERS, sizes from 30
25c Yard to 50 $1.50 Each
OUR SALE OF LADIES' MUSLIN UNDER-
WEAR WILL CONTINUE ALL THIS WEEK,
Ill, 113, 115, 117, 119, 121 POST STREET.
ADVERTISEMENTS. < .
SMpIeRemedy
for ?¦:
SkinTrouble
H Bathe the affected part with ¦
J HelskelTs Soaj>, dry with a soft a
n towel, and with the finger apply R
j Helskell's Ointment. One applica- B
H tion a day. for a short while, usu- H
u ally cures — never required mote ¦
H than twice a. day — ror a complete m
t| cure of Pimples. Blotches on Face. I
f| Barber's Itch, Tetter. Erysipelas Ef
El Salt Rheum. Scald Head, Ring:- ¦
H worm, Itch. Ulcers. Eurns. Scalds. B
£| Ulcers In Ear, Sore Nose and Eye- 5
M Ifds. Itching Piles, and any erup- M
a tlon of the skin. EelsieU'a Oint- ¦
Ejj ment cures where all alteratives. H
H sarsaparlllas. Iodides and mercu- m
] rial medicines fail. It is very m
£j soothing and cooling, making the m
il skin beautifully fair and smooth. ¦
|i Recommended and used by physicians B
jw for fifty years. At druggists'. SO cent*. P
M Send for book of testimonials. Tl
I JOHJTSTOIT, HOL1OWAT Jk CO., I
S31 Commerce St., PlxlIadelpM*. J§
BEFORE AFTER
FIXDIXO
WM HATTEROTH In his new es-
tablishment. 224 Sutter st. Fitting
trusses, supporters. Elastic Stock-
ings, etc.
SPECIALTIES
Advertised by Responsible Finns o! S.F.
MOBPHINE | [ELASTIC
oi Ll4Q , r B4utsp.tu STOCKING'S
p titily tad Quitkly _J1VUJU11UO
7 Cartd. K0PAW AM ?Sl» \J u^S?S tm '
I an anTTT'HTwn Hospital Belts.
1 NO BUrTEaiHB. Sujipensorle*.
U Tim Wlllr.«D,rt P» Made, to order at th*
p. IBS nltlQl Dirt lOi factory.
I" 40 Eilis Bt.
1839 Polk SL, 8. T. JOHN W.HOPBWKUfc
¦¦i — — — Room* 3-^
AJJVEBTISEMENTS.
JgipV^ >^jf|" Golden Oak, Quarter-sawed
ff^^^^^m\ To P» Oval Mirror of beveled
i^^^^^^ 1 French plate, supported by
swan neck supports. A
||^^^^j^^^^p beautiful design ; workman-
l^p^l^^^^^^p ship and finish of the best.
CM1HE 8QBOXBE
A T> VEBTIEEMENTS.
The Sanative, Antiseptic
Cleansing, Purifying
Properties of
Assisted by Cuticars Ointment, are of
priceless value to women for preserv-
ing, purifying and beautifying the skin,
for cleansing the scalp of crusts, scales
and dandruff, and the stopping of fall-
ing hair, for softening, whitening and
soothing red, rough and sore hands, for
baby rashes, itchings and irritations,
for annoying ' . inflammations, cnaflngs,
and ' excoriations, or too free or offen- V
sive perspiration, for ulcerative weak- '
nesses and I many sanative, antiseptic
purposes which readily suggest them-,
¦elves • as well as for : all ' the pur- ¦
'poses of the toilet, bath and nursery.
Sold Ihrooshoot th* world. Cotienrs Soap. tS*.,Ob>(-
tatnt, aOc., BwolTtat, We (in form of Chocoltt* Coated
FUI», tie. par tUI of 00). D*poU i I.oodon. V Cbarttr*
him* fcq.i P»ru. I Hue do U P»!xi Boaton, 137 Colum-
ha* At*. Pnttrr Dm* It Chtm. Corp.. Sola Prop*. • ,'
WB»n* for •• All About Ui< Skla, ocalp amd Uklr.". -