Says the Steel King
Caused Cpilapse
o£ Shipyard
Trust.
DRESSER CHAFES SCHWAB
WITH HOLDING UP PROFITS
OF THE BETHLEHEM PLANT
Continued; on Page 2, Column. 1,
PORTLAND,; Or., f 14.— P. J.' Tormey ~ a
prominent merchant o_f San Franeisco and
a memberV of \ the Owl Drug ' Company of
that f city, i suffered ' a > partial ; < stroke , of
paralysis'. shortly^ after he (reached • this
Gltyt.yesterday.'-He'was .remove* to : St^
ia now rest
ingtomfortably.v with \ every prospect 1 of
recovery t BMSX*
P. J. Tormey^Stricken by Paralysis.
¦/.'Did you pay two visits yesterday to the
office, of r, Charles Harris?" . f
¦/"iidldV-' said ,the witness.. ; . ; ' ;
"Did yoir seek a" private interview with
-MrXSchwab?"':; •'•'- ' ; :: -^ ;. .'>;..^"v.'. ; Lv '\
"I i certainly 1 did ; , not,','., said Uhe, witness
and then; in response ".to a series ,of ; QueS-]
'tloris fput -to ' hlm.Hhe denled^that
he h'ad'sent word to Schwab that' it would
be.'weirforhlnx'toseehim or r thathe had
threatened to make ' disclosures that
would injure Schwab. "Vyhen,' Guthrie fin
ished his questions Dresser said : ¦ •
;•¦ "Now.willjyou ask ine what I did eay?"i
¦ . Untermeyer, '. attorney j f or j the bondhold
ers,' told \ the ; to go ] ahead and : tell
what happened, and the .witness went r on:
, : Six ¦ weeks • aso ¦ I -. saw Mr. ; Gates , and j, told
Woman's Parliament Elects Of ficers.
LOS ANGELES, Oct. 14.-Mrs. J. D.
Glbbs was to-day elected president of the
"Women's Parliament of Southern Califor
nia. The election took place at the an
nual, session in the Temple Baptist
Cnurch this morning, and aside from the
president other officers were elected aa
follows: Vice president, at large. Mrs.
Lucy Blanchard; general secretary, Mrs.
Melville : Dozier Jr. ; . business secretary,
Mrs. Miles Dodd; treasurer. Miss Frances
Clark of Los Angeles; auditor, Mrs. J. A.
Clark of Los Angeles.
Bussia Sends More Marines.
ST. PETERSBURG, Oct. 14— A thou
sand marines belonging to the Baltic
fleet left St. Petersburg to-day for Port
Arthur.
ENDS LIFE TRAGICALLY
AFTEB SUICIDAL LEAP
Kansas City Blacksmith Kneels by
Track and Is "Decapitated, by
Train.
KANSAS CITT, Oct. 14.— After one un
successful attempt to kill himself, W. A.
Atwood, aeed 00 years, a blacksmith from
Everett, Kans., committed suicide here
to-day in a sensational mannef.*kFIrst' he
leaped from the Fifth-street viaduct to
the railway yards, fifty feet below. Al
though badly hurt he was able to walk
away unassieted, and before any one
cculd reach the spot Atwood, kneeling be
side a passing freight train, placed his
head under the wheels. He was decapi
tated. He was despondent over domestic
troubles. : -;• -
Jumps Out Window While Dreaming.
SAN 'JOSE. Oct. 14.— Jennie. Smithen, a
colored girl, Jumped out^pt a second-story
window in the Belloll building, corner of
Third and San ;- Fernando v streets, early
this morning and landed on the pavement
on her feet. She was uninjured. 'She
then* ran east on San Fernando \ street ' to
the home of some friends.', It 'is, said 'that
she dreamed the, building, was .'on; fire
and in htr'sleeD 'ran and Jumped out * of
SAN JOSE, Oct. 14.-rThe great spots on
the sun were observed at Santa Clara Col
lege this morning ¦ by ] Professors R. H.
Bell and Jerome Kicard, S. J. An eight-
Inch Ien3 in the college observatory, was
used. The big spot discovered by Profes
sor Brashear , : situated in the central me
ridian? was this morning entirely removed
from the central meridian and rapidly ap
proaching the sun's eastern edge. It was
Immense r in size and Irregular ' ln^ shape?
To its north were four long black streaks,
astronomically, termed bridges. ' The spot
passed out of sight so rapidly that fur
ther . observations < and ? more accurate
drawing specifications were impossible. In
order to make / the observation possible
and to guard against injury to* the ob
servers and Instrument the college profes
sors had to place a diaphragm, with a
small aperture* in the "center of . not more
than ; two Inches In circumference, at the
"object end of the],telesc6pe. With this ad
justment-and "a neutral tint -shade or
heavily 'darkened eyeglasses the 'observa
tions were procured." Further observations
of the spots. will be made. ':..
OBSERVATIONS ABE TAKEN"
OF THE SPOTS ON THE SUN
Members of Santa Clara College Fac
ulty Interested in Discovery Hade
* by Professor Brashear.
"We have found no clew to the wom
an." said James Pemberton, president of
the general relief committee of- Odd Fel
lows, to-day, "but we shall not cease
searching." ,..] -*•
PHILADELPHIA, Oct. 14.— Will Mary
Jane Roblson of this city please tome for
xvard and receive the fortune which
awaits her In Stockton, Cal.? If she does
it will be a big relief to numerous lodges
of O^d Fellows in this city. As each
lodge meets now the question goes
around, "Does any one know Mary Jane
Hobison, or where we .can find her?" Aa
yet no trace of the woman has been se
cured and the California fortune stlli
awaits the heir.
ODD FELLOWS SEARCH
FOB MABY JANE BOBISON
Philadelphia Lodges Engaged in a
Hunt for Woman Whom For
tune Awaits in Stockton.
f -Tp: HICAGO. Oct. 14.— "The death knell of industrial stocks has
g been sounded bv ¦ the disclosures of the .United^States Shio-
H^y' building Comoanv investigation," said C.E. Warren of", the
TQggr .'Lincoln National Bank of New .York; to-nig:ht~ A few others
\ t, in, the: New -York party of banker/ on its way. to the National
• BankeVs' Convention in San- Francisco also expressed; 'views tb-dav al
,; most equally pessimistic. - In - the party are more than" "one hundred
prominent Eastern bankers. \ They are quartered in the /'Bankers'-, spe
cial," said to be one of the finest trains ihat has ever, skimmed over rails".
• In C the hour they spent in the La; Salic. street station, ; followine : their
. arrival' in< Chicago 5:.io o'clock this afternoon, some of the prominent
members': of. the party were' asked: , '¦' \
"What effecf will the' investigation, of the United States Ship-build
ing Company, have on industrial stocks?" ."'-- . .,
Ellis H. Roberts: Treasurer of the' United^. States, said : : "Confidence
.. in industrial stocks has' been} shaken'; as 'a. result fof the investigation. -The
disclosures will stop the inflation of .industrial- stocks. Time .money is
earning more in New York than' in the :¦ West ' That is why Eastern finan
'; ciers are going to the West to get it." :/
, Colonel i J.: R. 'Branch; secretary of theTAmerican Bankers' Associa
, tion, said : "The effect of the ship-building investigation - on 'industrial
.stocks will "not be permanent. Much of the stocks" depressed are selling
below-'their actual' value.and there is bound to be T a' reaction." - ¦•-¦'.
V Felsincer. president pi -the New; York Savin* Bank, said:
"The i investigation; of the shio-building "company, will" have a damajrin*
'"., effect ; on; industrial stocks." ' u- ' . ¦ . v '
William B.. Davenport.^ Public Administrator of Brooklyn' and |trus
¦ tee of the' People's Trust Company of New York, said : ;"The effect of
the- shipVbuildine comoanv investigation : will not be permanent oh indus
trial 'stocks, .nor -will ity affectjindiistriaLenterprises-lonjr. If '.the
; country] was 'in the same condition now* that, it ; was two, years atro it
: *would : have made no . difference" ini the '• price of • stocks." >
} •:' ' '; C. A; Pugsley, 'president 'of .the > Westchester County National Bank.
Peekskiil.VN.Y.; said: "Industriai;stocks : must feel effect of the in
vestigation : of ;the >United ; States Ship-building; Company. ' The j present
'disturbances Cwill! iast ifor.'awhiIe.V-5'Tnef^willtbe^lesslcbnfidence^'Vf Banks
¦ in the West have plenty of money.- Westerners have' gone J East to olace*
' their T money,*" and ; the East ; is^ naturally desirous: of (money."
¦ v The '< bankers'; are scheduled] to arrive". in San Francisco on \\October
*i8.iand will leave that'citV;. for .their- return^ on 'Oct6be_rV24.f7iThere are
/rriany^ unique, innovations; in .the trip.-pne'isa'dailypaper Issued on the'
train,.' giving y the*: weather-forecast, : ; per s6h*aJ^notes.concernirii(r;bassenfi:ers
and the r announcement^ of Cclub ; meetingsj-^sev'eral - clubs . having been
¦ ; ! formed.; ;kL : ¦. ' ( <-, ¦ ;¦ '' . -. ST"
FOREMOST BANKERS DEPLORE
THE SHIPYARD TRUST SCANDAL
Expectation of war is at fever heat in
the army and navy, hut this Is based en
tirely on the activity of the preparations
visible everywhere. The higher officials
believe that Japan has been overawed by
the demonstration on Russia's part.
No step's toward the evacuation of Man
churia have been taken. The Official Jour
nal, the editor of which is a colonel on
the Viceroy's staff, says none will be
taken:^WBSnS '. \ *
PORT ARTHUR, Oct. 14.— The* review
by the Viceroy, Admiral Alexieff, on Sun
day of 76,000 soldiers, participating in the
maneuvers, was the final act of last
week's "war game." This force was
massed on the plains outside of the city.
It included cavalry, infantry and artil
lery- Every infantry regiment is partly
mounted, in accordance with the recent
regulations. .Foreigners were given every
opportunity to witness the display and
the statements of officers regarding the
total force were verified by the count of
the visiting experts. It was also official
ly announced that the entire force within
easy operating distance of Port Arthur
numbers 100,000 men. Two months ago it
was G0.O00. Sunday's spectacle demon
strated that the reports regarding rein
forcements arriving in Manchtfrla have
underestimated the real increase. *>; v. ;
The army assembled on Sunday .was
greater than the Peking diplomatists be
lieved Russia's entire force in Manchuria
to be. Officials here \ are taking pains to
advertise Russia's strength and proclaim
that the maneuvers ' are intended as an
object lesson. .. .' vl.* : V
Two battleships and two cruisers are on
their way hither from Russia. When
they arrive Russia's naval force on thl a
station will be stronger than Japan's, ac
cording to the views of the Russian of-,
fleers.
CZAR SHOWING HIS STRENGTH.
Spectacular Review of the Russian
Troops at Port Arthur.
SALT LAKE, Oct. 14.— James Lynch,
the condemned prisoner, who with Nick
llaworth escaped from the State prison
here last Friday night, wa» captured late
this afternoon at Woods Cross, a small
village twelve miles north of this city.
The capture was made by Jed Wilson, a
telegraph operator, and two other resi
dents of the town. Lynch offered no re
sistance. He was in a deplorable condi
tion from lack of food and loss of blood
from a wound in the right arm which he
received during the battle with the prison
guards at the time of the outbreak. Ha
vorth, who escaped with Lynch, was re
taken Sunday.
The State Board of Corrections to-day
began an Investigation of the outbreak at
the prison.
James Lynch, Weak pTom Hunger
and Loss of Blood, Offers No
Resistance.
TELEGEAPHEB CAPTTJBES
FUGITIVE UTAH CONVICT
"' The ; Indians have threatened to attack
and burn the town of Cut Bank. Threats
were also made against Major Monteath,
the \Indian agent at Browning.
BUTTE, Mont., Oct. 14.— A special t<f
the Miner from Havre says "the people of
Cut Bank have been living in fear'.of an
attack from the Blackf oot Indians of the
reservation since .n the tragedy enacted
near Browning Sunday morning, -when
seven of the tribe •¦ were killed during a
drunken row. Directly after , the killing
as the news of the tragedy spread the
Indians were* thrown into a panic, and
threats of vengeance were heard against
certain residents of Cut Bank, and It is
feared that they may yet do violence to
Jake - Williamson, who is charged with
having Bold the Indians the liquor which
led to such disastrous results. -
Blame White Men for Occurrence of
Drunken Fight in Which Seven
' Were Killed.
BLACKFOOT INDIANS
% THBEATEN VENGEANCE
LEADING WITNESS IN THE SHIPYARD " TRUST HEARING AND TWO
, OF THE MEN CONCERNED IN- REVELATIONS REGARDING THE
METHODS OF COMBINE'S ORGANIZERS.
PITTSBURG, Oct. 14.— Since the United
States Steel Corporation has declined to
take over a half-Interest in . the Clairton
Steel Company, now owned by the Cruci
ble Steel Company, and after a contract
has been made to do so, the officers of the
Crucible Company have announced that
they will go ahead with the original plans
to make this great property a powerful
competitor of the combine and will them
selves raise the necessary funds. The
company has its own ore lands, coking
plants and coal mines. The Crucible Steel
Company has a capital of $50,000,000, half
preferred and half common.
Clairton ¦ Plant .Will Be Made a
; Powerful Competitor of the
Combine.
CRUCIBLE STEEL COMPANY ;\>.
* WILL FIGHT' THE TRUST
. BLAMES THE STEEL KING.
Guthrie first questioned j Dresser as to
the reports he . had ,' received or seen ' on'
the value of the plants included: in the
shipbuilding combination. Dresser: said
he had seen ¦ the reports of Alexander
B. : Green and Riddle & Common, the ac
countants.
"From the time ' the prospectus was
first prepared 'until the transaction was
finally consummated, had there been any
thing suggested to you that affected the
soundness of the company?"
-.' "I -suspected, nothing 'until I came back
from Europe," said _ Dresser. • "I made a
very caref ul inquiry at that time. ' Trou
ble occurred during January and;Febru
ary ami I: believe it was due to the {con
trol by Mr. Schwab of the . Bethlehem
Company.""- ;¦<
The witness said he had not talked with
Schwab . about - taking : part ., In - the ;¦ under
writing. .Nixon "did that,- he, sald.'^ahd
brought him ; Schwab's subscription of
JoOO/WO. : Schwab j , later paid -, ;•. the' full
amount of the; allotment against: him.
He said there were . a series ; of assess
ments - and that . he . believed Schwab .' paid
in full; . '¦ , - ; \ ¦•- . ;; V '
WOULD TALK WITH SCHWAB.
, At this point-it: was brought out > that
Dresser had'; attempted to see Schwab
yesterday. £ Guthrie ; suddenly/ asked :'," .-', ;..'„.
i:','D6 you remember,'what"you"did'yester
day?" : \$''£ : ' : '^\ " : >. -'V^;
."My memory is good enough; for that/'
"answered the witness; ;-" v > :
holders' Protective Associa
tion, was resumed to-day and was pro
duclve of developments that will claim
the attention of the financial world and
those Who follow its fortune.
It developed that yesterday D. Leroy
Dresser, late president ;of.th^Trust Com
pany of the . v Republic, \ who ?:last' "week'
divulged much of- the inner history, of
the formation of the combination, made
in effort to' communicate with Charles
M. Schwab with a view of obtaining some
concessions as to the Bethlehem Steel
Works that would render easier the
scheme for rehabilitating the partly
wrecked concern. The message of Dres
ser was delivered to Schwab by-John F.
Harris of the brokerage house of Harris,
Gates & Co., which marketed part of the
shipbuilding stock, but Schwab declined
to see Dresser.
W. D. Guthrie, counsel for Schwab,
brought the facts of the Incident "out
through a series of questions directed to
Dresser. His aim was to show that Dres
ser had sought to plead with Schwab and
had threatened to make certain disclos
ures when recalled to the stand that
would reflect upon Schwab or to threaten
him, for he had no additional informa
tion, to divulge, but had sought to. ap
proach him in the hope that something
might be done- to save the shipbuilding
company. '
SCHWAB WITHHOLDS PROFITS.
Dresser asserted that the shipbuilding
company had been because
Schwab had withheld- the profits of the
Bethlehem company. >.This declaration he
twice spiritedly repeated when, at the end
ef the cross-examination by Guthrie, he
was given an opportunity to explain. . .
There was produced and offered as evi
dence a memorandum said to have been
prepared • by; Colonel McCook and given
by him to Dresser. It contained the fig
ures upon which the . Trust Company of
the Republic undertook ' the . underwriting
of the shipbuilding company, and while
its purpose: was not explained, It is ex
pected that it will 1 cut an important' fig
ure at a later staga of the proceedings.
It. Is said that besides the division . of
stock detailed last , week by. Dresser
there was an additional division of money.
The memorandum shows an allowance for
"expenses" of 5200,000 , cash, ; $300,000 - in
bonds,' $500,000 in preferred . stock and
$500,000 In common stock. ,--¦-.'
ja* w EW YORK, Oct. 14.— The in
f^Bi I quiry before a referee into
/. / the affairs of the stranded
/ shipbuilding combination, at
» the instance of the Bond-/
While Miss Wood has had the reputa
tion of taking all sorts of liberties with,
the leave of absence privilege in the Post
office Department^ officials there said to
day that she had always kept within the
regulations. She showed a telegram stat
ing that a relative was 111 when she took
her present leave, and on this ground it
was granted.
"At one time during her service in the
free delivery division Miss Wood was re
garded a3 a friend of some of. the fore
most officials now under indictment,
among whom were Machen and Beavers.
She is said to have furnished important
information leading up to the "Investiga
tion of the postal scandal, but was not
summoned before the, : Grand Jury, either
in this city or anywhere else. Fora large
part of the time during which' the grand
juries -.were considering the- postofflce
cases Miss Wood w*as abroad.
IS A FRIEND OF MACHEN.
CARRIES LOVE LETTERS.
¦-
"I asked her further I* Senator Platt
had made any direct proposition of mar
riage and she said he had not, but that
he had written her many letters leading
her to 'believe that he had marriage In
tentions. '¦* She said she "was taking eighty
of them with her to New York, as they
might be of some use. I advised her
strongly against the trip to New. York
and against making any trouble for Sen
ator Platt, as it would only. bring trouble
and unpleasant notoriety to herself. ' This
was only a few hours before her depart
ure and when she left me she was ap
parently considering my advice. The next
thing I heard was that she was in New
York, apparently carrying out her original
Intentions."
Miss Wood Is said to have shown very
strong feeling when first informed of Sen
ator Platt's engagement to Mrs. Jane
way. Her associates in the Postofflce De
partment say that the only reference to
It there was this remark, which she made
to a fellow employe Just after her return
from England:
"Well, it seems I stayed away too
long." '
"There was nothing In Miss Wood's
statement to me just before she departed
for New Tork to lead to the belief that
she Intended to sue Senator Platt for
breach of promise. No question of money
was raised. Her sole object soems to be
to take some revenge on Mrs. Janeway,
whom she considered her -rival, and to
prevent the marriage if possible. I asked
her point blank if she intended a suit for
breach of promise and she said: 'No.*
WASHINGTON, Oct. 14. - Another
rather sensational development In the
Platt affair to-day was the prevalence of
rumors that besides Miss Mae C. Wood,
another young woman in Washington.
who asserts that Senator Platt paid her
marked attention which led her to the
belief thai lie Intended marrying her. is on
the warpath and threatening trouble.
Miss Wood surrounded her departure
for New York with the greatest mystery,
and ro one knows here what lawyer, i'
any, accompanied her. She Intimated in
conversation that she probably would s«o
former Representative" Lessler, whom she
regarded "aa her legal adviser. To only
one person, so- far as can be learned to
night, did she confide fully her intentions.
This person said:
ANOTHER WOMAN APPEABS.
"I want to say there is nothing what
ever in this terrible roast the newspapers
are giving Senator Platt. I want It under
stood here and'now that I don't propose
to be annoyed any further by these sto
ries. They are silly and absurd."
NEW YORK. Oct. It— A note wa3 sent
to Senator Thomas C. Platfs room at
10:30 o'clock to-night, saying It was re
ported that Miss Mae C. Wood's pending
suit against him had been settled. Sena
tor Platt sent this reply:
"I have no doubt the report Is true. I
have had the same information myself."
The Senator was told that $15,000, not
$25,000,. was the figure at which the affair
was settled.
"Haven't I denied that there was any
thing to be settled T' was the reply. ""
Miss Wood later declared she -would
take no step to interfere with Senator
Platfs marriage, which is set for noon to
morrow. When she received a World re
porter Miss Wood said:
Special Dispatch to The Call.
The order has gone forth that all the
negroes must leave the county. The only
excuse given for the murders and tor
tures that have been committed Is that It
thall be made -a white-man county.
Mar.y negroes have obeyed the warning
and moved away. Some of them had
good farms, which they are forced to sell
for little or nothing in order to escape the
ferocity of the White Caps.
ment:
"No one can portray the cruelties to
which the negroes of Rusk County have
been subjected during the past several
weeks. If the State does not take prompt
action I shall appeal to the Federal au
thorities for the protection of the perse
cuted negroes there. A few nights before
my arrival 5n the county t\.-o of the most
peaceable and inoffensive negroes were
taken from their homes by a band of
white men. They were stripped and tied
to trees and then whipped with the most
terrible instruments of torture ever de
vised by savage man. One of these ne
groes died last Saturday night, and the
other was dying when I left.
"The white men who committed this
crime are well known. Four of them have
been arrested and are in jail at Hender
son." \~*'r;
A frw nights ago, adds Flanagan, a
Tarty of whites drove up to a negro's resi
dence and demanded that he come out.
The negro fled and as he ran he fired up
on his pursuers and killed one of the
white men. The negro was arrested and
is in jail, but none of the men who tought
to kill him have been arrested.
General Flanagan returned to-day from
Rusk County, where he made a personal
investigation of the situation. He says
that the publication of news of the horri
ble treatment of the negroes has b*en
ruppressed. He made the following state-
AUSTIN, Tex., Oct. 14.— General Web
cter Flanagan, United States Collector of
Revenue for this district, to-day appealed
to Governor Lanham that the State ren
der protection to the negroes of Rusk
County and aid in bringing to justice the
white men who were guilty of torturing
to death two inoffensive negroes.
Special Dispatch to The Call
IOWA CITY, Iowa, Oct. 14.— "William
Jennings Bryan has at last given up the
free silver -Idea; according' to Professor
James W. Bradshaw of the Commercial
College in this city. Professor Bradshaw
met Bryan on a train on the way from
New York to Lincoln yesterday. The two
are old friends. In conversation on the
trafn Bryan said, according to Bradshaw:
"While still believing that free silver
"would be a good thing for our country,
the nations of the,, world have settled
down to a gold basis to such an extent
that it would be practically impossible to
substitute anything for the gold stand
ard. I think -free silver will not be con
sidered at the national Democratic con
vention of -1904. Moreover, I believe it
will never again be an Issue.
"I am out of politics forever. I shall
give all, my attention to the. law, my lec
tures and the Commoner hereafter.
"No man can say who the next Demo
cratic nominee will be.
"No other man in the Republican party
equals Roosevelt' in the esteem* of -the
common people, especially In the- West.
None equals Roosevelt In his power to
command the respect of all nations and
to", wield an influence on the world at
large." . • - ¦ . ¦
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LONDON, Oct. 15.— Japan has asked
Russia for, an assurance that the latter
power will not seek to include Korea
within the sphere of her influence. This
demand has not been presented as an ulti
matum, but Japan has explained that re
cent events, particularly in the neighbor
hood of the Yaju River, have caused the
Mikado's Government, great uneasiness,
which can be removed only by Russia
giving: the assurance indicated. This, ac
cording to what the Mornhig Post be
lieves to be excellent authority, is the
keynote of the Far Eastern situation.
The Japanese demand for guarantees
respecting Korea has been the subject
of extended negotiations, which are still
in progress. Russia sought to connect
the Korean with the Manchurian ques
tion and at one stage of the negotiations
offered to give Japan a satisfactory guar
antee as to Korea if Japan would under
take not to support any demand for the
evacuation of Manchuria. The Japanese
Government declined to give any such as
surance, as, - in the view of Japan, the
Korean and Manchurian questions are
separate and distinct.
As to whether the diplomatic situation
Is likely to develop in such manner as to
lead to war, the Morning Post says:
"No definite reply can be made to that
question, but the inference is drawn that,
as Russia was prepared on certain condi
tions to give the undertaking, required
by Japan, she does not regard the acqui
sition of Korea as a vital part of her
policy in the Far East.' Japan's view is
that while Korea is vital to her Inter
ests Manchuria is not. Great Britain and
the United States being equally concerned
with her in regard to the evacuation of
the Chinese province."
A dispatch from Kobe to the Dally Mall,
dated October 14, says:
- "Baron von Rosen, the Russian Min
ister, and Baron Komura, the Japanese
Foreign Minister, conferred again to-day.
It Is reported that a council of elder
statesmen (veterans outside the Cabinet),
General Kodama, late Interior Minister,
who has been appointed chief assistant to
the military staff, being present, adopted
resolutions yesterday to the effect that
Japan cannot tolerate any Russian move
endangering the Independences of Korea."
Special Cable to The Call and New York
Herald. Copyright.. 1903, by the New York
Herald Publishing -Company.
Praises President Roosevelt
as a Friend of the
Common JPeople. -.->
Change of Attitude Soon
Follows Her Arrival
in New York.
All Colored Inhabitants of
Rusk County Warned
to Depart
Mikado • Wants Assurance
• That Czar Will Keep
Hands Off.
Young Woman Decides
to- Let the Sena
tor Marry.
Two Victims Die as Re
sult of Mob's
Atrocity.
Announces His Perma
nent Retirement
From Politics. -
Korean Independence
Only Point Now
at Issue.
Sage of Lincoln
Gives Up the
The Jingle of Coin
Checks War
Talk.
Inoffensive Men Are
Tortured by
Texans.
If Russia Yields
War Will Be
Averted.
WHITE CAPS
PLY SCOURGE
ON NEGROES
MISS WOOD
AND PLATT
AT PEACE
JAPAN ASKS
FOR BUT ONE
CONCESSION
FREE SILVER
A DEAD ISSUE,
SAYS BRYAN
SAN FRANCISCO,' THUBSDAY, OCTOBER. 3 5; 1903.
VOLUME XC1V— ]NrO. 137.
PRICE F[7B CENTS.
Admits an Attempt
Confer With the
Man Whom fie
Accuses.
The San Francisco CallThe celebrated : Radclifte shoes and Ox
fords for .women,' $2 25. at Herman Les
ser's, 915 Market street," opp.i'Mason. •
Now Is Your Time.
An' open stake , with sixty-four J entries
will provide the 'sport this;week'atvUnion
Coursing ? Park. 1 The. draw ¦ last night \ at
Pythian Castle resulted as follows : '
i Mickey. Free vs. Ella May; Miss Penman vs.'
Sempronlus; lone : Hiir.VB." St. • Conn ; Vina l v«.-
Gocidesa of Liberty;" Iran Alto v».'- Master Dav
enport; .Articulate vs.:- Agitator; .:¦ Anchor vs.
Racing O lancer; Gambit vb., Rural Artist; Re
misso i Animo vs. .Beluga; ¦• Red Rock • vs. Rock
away; Old Ironsides vs. Thelma; Liberator • vs. ;
Ragged Actor; Melroee vs. Clarice;
Pasha vs. Charter 'Member; Fenll vs. ; Bective;
Fontenoy . vs. ¦ Renegade Apache : Reckless Acro
bat .vs. Imperious;: Fair Oaks vs. Gunfire; Belle
Free vs. -Vandal; -Warco vs. Cecil ;M; Gunpow
der vb,' Reno; CubanolalVB.'Barge;.Tralee Boy
vs. .'Tricksy; Silver '¦ Cloud i v«. : Greenhall ; -, Free
From *. Flaw ; vs.'." Richard "' Anton; America;; vs."
Regal Attire; Pepper : Hill vs. \ Minnie : Horgan;
Qulta va7 Glaucus; Rocklln Boy vs. Harvey M;
Nlobe vs.'. Racing Auto; ; Haphazard ,vs. Balen
dlne; • Mellinwood vs. Eastlake.
An Open Stake ; Is . to Provide the
¦¦'-. Sport This Week at Union
Coursing Park.
SIXTY-FOTJB, HOUNDS
ARE IN THE RUNNING
MII*L VALLEY, Oct. 14— Miss Gene
yieve Roberts and . Arthur Baker ' were
married this evening in the ( MI11 Valley
Congregational Church. I Rev. Carl Sin
clair, pastor of the church, officiated.
Several hundred friends of the bride and
groom witnessed the ceremony. Miss Rob
erts was f attended ' ; by Miss Gertrude
Baker, ; sister of the groom, : and Wallace
Bovyer of Oakland was best man. v Little
Miss Beth Seymour and Master Ellsworth
Martin were flower pages, and- A:V : D.
Avery ' and ' H. O. ¦:, Stevens were ushers.
The church was prettily decorated. , -,
Miss 'Roberts is the daughter of. Judge
S. H. Roberts, r She is oneof.Marin Coun
ty's most | popular : young ladles. > Baker 13
a prominent . business " man ; of ,* Oakland.
After', the ceremony a" wedding ; supper
was served at the Roberts homestead.
Hiss "Gene vie ve Roberts Becomes the
Bride of Arthur Baker at Mill
\ "Valley.
MARIN COUNTY BELLE
,'* WEDS AN OAKLAND MAN
WASHINGTON, Oct. 14. - Postmaster
General Payne to-day issued an order
denying the use of the mails to ' the
White Swan Mines Company, limited,
of San Francisco and Baker City, Or. ;
the Pacific Securities and Trust Com
pany of San Francisco and LetsonBalllet
of the latter place, at one time variously
known as, the "Mining King," the "Cecil
Rhodes of America", and the "Prince of
Promoters." ' . ..'•: j '.--.-
Th« White Swan mine was discovered
In 1891. . and for three years was operated
at a profit.' After that it did not pay ex
penses. It' was sold to Des Moines, la.,
capitalists and incorporated under 1 the
name of the White Swan Mines Company,
limited; ; and was operated until ' 1897. It
was again: closed down and 400,000 shares
of - the : company's stock were' placed In a
Des Moines bank, and W. W. Woodward
of that place was ; given the ; option • of
Belling - the shares bo as to ' net ; 10 cents
each. He advertised - extensively : and
sold stock under promise of wonderful
future dividends. He is ' said to have
taken in about $220,000.
Balllet, was arrested and sentenced to
prison, but is now out on appeal. '<
Special Dispatch to The Call.
There is no community property or chil
dren, resulting » from the union and an
absolute divorce without alimony was
asked. Mrs. Chapman has considerable
property, which Is being held in trust for
her and which was inherited from hef
father's estate. She is now with her
mother, Mrs. Wilhelmlna Murphy, in San
Francisco. \ . »-
When Mr. and Mrs. Chapman married
they had just reached their majority.
Even some of their closest friends have
not been aware of any trouble between
the couple, although there has been a
rumor on the streets for some little time
that Chapman was spending most of his
time away from home.
Every effort has been made by friends
of the couple to keep the divorce quiet;
Although It was filed September 5, no rec
ord was made of It in the County Clerk's
office and the clerks were given instruc
tions not: to make any note of the suit.
The divorce was granted October 6 and it
was only on the granting, of the Inter-'
locutory decree to-day that the matter
became public.
Mrs. Chapman waa formerly Miss Mur
phy and is a daughter of the late James
T. Murphy and a niece of the Hon. B. D.
Murphy. Tears ago when her' mother
separated from her father she went with
her mother. Murphy objected strongly
to the marriage of his daughter and
threatened to cut her off in his will. In
fact, when he died it was found that he
had created a trust of her share, so that
she only receives an Income. '.." ,
Chapman Is the son of Charles Chap
man, a well-known resident of this city,
and is very popular among > the young
men about town.
SAN JOSE. Oct. 14.— Wilhelmlna M.
Chapman to-day was granted an Inter
locutory decree of divorce from Daniel B.
Chapman in Judge Lelb's department of
the Superior Court. The "parties are" con
nected with the Tjell-knowh Murphy fam
ily and are prominent in San Jose so
ciety. The grounds on ; which the divorce
was granted are desertion and neglect.
Mr. and Mrs. -Chapman were ' married
about five years ago in San Francisco.
The two young people are second cousins,
and, as there was opposition to their mar
riage, they quietly went to the bay city
and were married. '^"- ? \
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Well-Known San Jose
Couple Find Married
Life a Failure. i
SOCIETY HEARS
OF THE DIVORCE
BALLIET DENIED
USE OF MAILS
John J. Ryan, the turfmani gave in de
tail a conversatonr between Johns and
himself in a room at Terre Haute, during
which, the witness claimed, he made a
contract with Johns for $4500 for a fa
vorable ruling from Miller concerning the
use of the mails for his turf, information
bureau business. Ryan testified that all
his future transactions were with Johns
as the ' middleman up to last December,
when Johns came to Cincinnati and they
met In a room at the • Gibson House,
where Ryan gave Johns $1100 in cash and
$3000 in two checks. Ryan told of subse
quent transactions in which, he says,
Johns wanted more funds, until the wit
ness finally made a statement of the
whole matter to the postofflce , inspectors
and made no further efforts to 1 get bets
on the races through- the mails.
Watson proceeded to read to the court
from those* original notes. The first
question propounded • to ' Miller waa by
General Robb, when ho said:
Mr. Cochran and I have an unpleasant duty
and It must be performed now. Before any
thing in done you had better talk the matter
over. You arc a lawyer and it Is unnecessary
to tell you that subterfuge will be useless and
that we will have none of it. We will leave
that aside. The examiners have been at work
In the West on the Ryan matter/ We have
their reports, and their statements have been
corroborated. It looks mighty bad for you and
we want you to explain. •
When Robb and Cochran showed Miller
the reports and copies of letters and tele
grams ' indicating . that he had sent the
ruling of the v department to Attorney
Johns on December 10 and wired him that
the same had been sent, Miller admitted
that he had written a letter to Johns;
that he ,had not taken copies of his let
ters and telegrams to Johns or filed those
that he had received from him and that
he considered them as personal and not
official.
GIVES DIFFERENT ANSWERS.
Charles R. Robb, the successor of Gen
eral Tyner. as Assistant Attorney. General
for the Postofflce, testified to a. second
Interview at which the same persons were
present, exceptVhat hta cecretary, Tullls,
took the place $\t Watsion as stenographer
in* an 1 unconcealed _ A pj6sHr6riT v The','»*econd
interview (was. In . General" 1 Robb's office.'
The same ground. was gone over and the
answers of ; Miller differed from> those he
had previously given. ; . , ' ¦
CINCINNATI, Oct. 14.-Standtng room
was in demand in the United States Dis
trict Court room on the second day of the
trial of Miller and Johns for conspiracy
to extort a bribe in' connection with the
recently exposed postal frauds.
The monotony of the trial was broken
when Ji T. "Watson testified that he was
the private secretary^ to. Fourth Assistant
Postmaster General Bristow and J told of
the letters , that passed between John J.
Ryan and the department. Finally - As
sistant District Attorney Darby asked
him to describe what '; took place in the
office of Fourth Assistant Postmaster
General Bristow on May 14, when General
Robb and Chief 'Inspector Cochran had an
Interview with Miller. Watson told about
Fourth Assistant Postmaster General Bris
tow concealing him behind his desk In
one corner of the office, while -General
Robb and Chief Inspector Cochran were
In the room. Then Bristow retired and
Miller was tent into the room and ques
tioned. Watson, seated on a bundle of old
newspapers In the corner, took full steno
graphic notes on his knee.
MILLER MAKES ADMISSIONS.
Cincinnati Trial Reveals Hawkshaw
Methods Pursued by Post
mastet Payne's Fourth
' Assistant. '.
Hidden Stenographer Takes
Notes While Miller Is
Questioned. .
Accused Postoffice Offi
cial Gets Into a
Tangle.
ENTRAPPED
BY STRATEGY
OF BRISTOW
A Guaranteed Cure for Piles.
Itching. Blind. Bleeding or Protruding Piles.
Your druggist will refund money if p a ro
Ointment falls to cure you in 6 to 14 days, 60c*
ABERDEEN, S. D., Oct. 14.— L. ' D. Parr
of Rockf ord. 111., was in Aberdeen last
night ' on his way home from North Da
kota. He announced that he had closed a
deal for 32,000 acres of land in Southwest
ern North Dakota for the Dowleltes of
Chicago, who purpose to colonize the land
and establish a zion in Bowman and Bill
ings counties. / '
Among the crusaders are representa
tives of nearly all Caucasian races, while
there is a sprinkling of Asiatics among
the guards. The Orient Is represented by
several Japanese and Syrians. Two Pull
man coaches were attached to the rear
of each special for the' accommodation of
the more well-to-do of Zlon's hosts.
Dowie with his wife and heads of depart
ments are traveling in comfort in special
cars, to leave last.
Dowie's plans contemplate the arrival
in New York of all the trains at the same
time. Upon leavlng*the trains the cru
saders will spread themselves over the
city In search of the quarters which were
assigned to them several weeks ago. Once
established, the work of proselyting will
begin in preparation for next Sunday's
meeting in Madison Square Garden.
NEW YORK, Oct. 14.— Madison Square
Garden is being prepared for the use of
John Alexander Dowie and his adherents,
who are expected to arrive Friday to un
dertake a reformation. Workmen to-day
began to build at the east end of the gar
den a platform with seating capacity suf
ficient for Zlon's 500 officers and choir, of
600. In front of the platform will be a
baptismal pool ten by fifteen feet in diam
eter. ¦ „¦-¦•;
At the blowing of the fire whistle every
inhabitant of the city was ready to kneel
and pray for a safe journey, and over
7000 men, women and children gathered at
the railway station to listen to the final
instructions of their leader. The cars are
decorated only with a Zion banner at the
rear of each train. The trains proceeded
over various lines, passing around Chi
cago. ;v
CHICAGO. Oct. 14.— "The restoring
host" from Zlon City began its movement
upon New York City to-day. At intervals
of one-half hour trainloads of the follow
ers of John Alexander Dowie left the
north shore city, eight trains In all, bear
ing 3000 "crusaders."
Dresser was succeeded on the stand by
George P. Dalley, assistant treasurer of
the Corporation Trust Company of New
Jersey and one of the resident directors
in New Jersey of the shipbuilding com
bination. He testified that his company
made a practice of furnishing resident
directors for corporations organized in
New Jersey, and that he and two of his
fellow clerks, Newman and Seward, had
been made directors of the shipbuilding
company. He did not know who had
asked him to act as a director, but un
derstood that the arrangement was^made
by Alexander and Green with the New
York branch of his company. He said
a single share of stock had been bought
for him in order that he might qualify,
but he did not know who had paid for it
or how it had been paid for.
After much fencing be said he did not
have a personal bank account at the time
he acquired the qualifying share. He re
membered attending at least two meet
ings, but kept referring Untermeyer to
the minutes for Information as to what
had been ddne at the meetings. He had
not visited any of the plants and had not
Dresser said that when he undertook the
shipbuilding project for the Trust Com
pany of the Republic he believed that
56,000,000 had been underwritten.
In the course of his testimony Dresser
mentioned the names of Herbert L. Sat
terlee, C. M- Wetmore. George R. Sheldon
end several other members of the reor
ganization. Satterlee Is a 8on-In-law of
J. P. Morgan. Dresser's use of these
names caused Guthrie to protest that all
•uch testimony was irrelevant.
Dresser announced that he protected
against the terms of the taking over of
the shipbuilding Interests of the Trust
Company of. the Republic by the Sheldon
syndicate because he believed the terms
to be unfair. Dresser said that he saw
the name of J. P. Morgan in the list of
members of the Sheldon syndicate, but
did not know if Schwab was a member.
The witness made no independent investi
ga/tlon of the shipbuilding plants, but ac
cepted the reports of others. He testified
that the prospectus had been approved by
the Mercantile Trust Company. He eaid
that he had several talks with Mr. Pam
during the month of December, 1902, about
the earnings of the company. Pam
showed him reports which Indicated that
the net earnings of the shipbuilding cor
poration for the first three months were
about $1,100,000, about half of which came
from the Bethlehem property. . The wit
ness said that when he told Pam that he
(Dresser) must make an assignment Pam
told him he must resign at once from the
shipbuilding board. Pam, he said, seemed
to be running the whole company.
The witness said that he did not know
that when the constituent companies' of
the shipbuilding combination had been
taken over all of them were heavily laden
with debt, but had been told so later on;
He did not know that they were in debt
when the prospectus was Issued. The un
derwriters took up the bonds for which
they had subscribed, paying 90 for them
and getting bonus in stock. There had
been no other assessment. The bonds had
been offered to the public at 97.
TRIO OF DUMMY DIBECTOHS.
When the Bethlehem property was
bought he knew that it was subject to
two mortgages of about $8,500,000. Schwab,
according to the witness, said that the
Bethlehem plant had earned $1,400,000
which had not been taken from the busi
ness.
M0BGA1TS NAME ON LIST.
him that if Mr. Schwab would take his grip
off Betnlehem the shipbuilding company would
be all right. I went to the office of Harris,
Gate* tc Co. In the Interest of the Ehipbuilding
company. Mr. Schwab had taken tiiis means
of putting it before the public, to thow that I
was there to Plead with him. I t.al<3 that if
he would give us any decent plan of reor
ganization and not the confiscation plan that
had been proposed the company would be all
right. I went over this shipbuilding matter
with Charley Harris six weeks ago. I told
him then that the wrecking or the shipbuilding
company was du* to Mr. Schwab withholding
the profit* of Bethlehem instead of letting
them flow Into the shipbuilding company, where
they belonged. I asked Mr. Harris to telephone
to Mr. Schwab and he did so. It out of the
mess and mire the United States Shipbuilding
Company caji be re-established that is what
I want to see done. I fcave no financial in
teTest, but I feel that it will help me.
Did you say anything to Mr. Schwab about
his liability in this matter?
No, 1 did r-.ot That is a legal question and
I know notfcinr about it.
HOST DESCENDS
UPON NEW YORK
Harris asked to be excused from giving
Schwab's reason for declining to see
Dresser. He added:
Mr. Dresser made It perfectly plain to me
that the idea of seeing Mr. Schwab and talk
ing thlmrs over was all his own and that he
hail taken the step without consulting: any
body.
NEW TORK, Oct. 14.-John F. Harris
of Harris, Gates & Co. made the follow
ing statement late this afternoon with
reference to Dresser's visit to him yes
terday:
Mr. Dresser wished it distinctly understood
that he did not want to plead with Mr. Schwab.
He said he believe 1 that an amicable discus
sion of the question might Induce Mr. Schwab
to "release his grip"' and that the United
States Shipbuilding Company could then be
rehabilitated. I repeated Mr. Dresner's state
ment to Mr. Schwab, who said he must de
cline to meet Mr. I>r*#ser.
JOHN F. HARRIS EXPLAINS.
ordered an appraisement of property, and
while he admitted that he and his fellow
directors in New Jersey knew nothing of
the shipbuilding business except such in
formation as reached them in the docu
ments laid before him, he would not ad
mit that he was merely a dummy di
rector. He finally said, however, that he
and the others acted on the direction of
the attorneys for the company. He knew
of the Union Iron Works through the
press, but did not know where the Bath
Iron Works were located.
Continued From Page 1, Column 5.
DRESSER CHARGES SCHWAB WITH HOLDING UP PROFITS,
LOS ?ANGELES, Oct. U.— The proposi
tion to increase the capital 'stock of the
Pacific"' Electric Railroad Company (the
Huhtingtori-Hellman -system) . from $10,
000,000 \ to j $20,000, 000, 1 will be : taken v up to
morrow j at; a 'meeting:' of the -I directors.
At t a; meeting ; held : to-night , no quorum
was r present ;. and v ah ; adjournment was
taken without^ action.: . It has been stated
that 'H.: E. ¦ Huntington' is opposed' to this
increase,*; but , Huntington ha3 not verified
the < report, ft A" confidential, representative
of • the it Huntington-Hellman system ; thl3
afternoon . stated ' that "it -:. is altogether
probable 'the proposed increase will be
voted, h If the additional \ capital Is added
to ;«. the; system's ¦* resources, it . will \; be
largely used In j the extension" and better
ment of i the ; Huntington-Hellman electric
lines /now; established and ;. projected In
Southern California.,- " ;
Directors of Huntington - Hellman
System to Hold Important Meet
.. ! ing, at Los Angeles. .. •
MAY INCREASE CAPITAL .
STOCK OP THE BATLROAD
The, Southern Pacific . Company is still
pursuing the plan of retrenchment that
wasi inaugurated under the direction of
General ' Manager Kruttschnltt. Yesterday
it s was I announced that, beginning on Sun
day, the passenger ; train leaving here at
4 :30 : p.' m. •. f or < Los Gatos •• will • hereafter
leave at 4:45 p. . m. and that ...the train
leavlng[Third and .Townsend streets at 6
p.'"ra... will i be 'discontinued, thus consoli
dating two. trains and saving to;the corn^
pany I the | expense of one .train "crew, - fuel
and the cost of r repairs, y. The local train
for. 'Palo'} Alto, which leaves; Third and
Townsend '; streets at 8'p. m.| will also
be, discontinued after Saturday. WVhat Is
known as No. - 10, a through . train leav
ing here for New, Orleans at 7 p. m., will
hereafter depart at 6 p.m. • , ..-.;. tk
More Trains Taken Off.
1 The other speakers were Samuel M.
Shortridge. Duncan McKlnlay. Judge F.
H. • Short of Fresno, Orrin Staples Hender
son; "grand master of the Grand- Lodged
F. and r A. i M., and by-way of entertain
ment there were songs; and stories by
Billy Hynea and Chinese songs by Louis
Steiger. r
"The playground of Masonry," as the
meeting place of Islam Temple of the
Ancient Arabic Order of the Mystic
Shrine Is called, was filled with activity
last night. The ceremonial session held in
Golden Gate Asylum, on Sutter street,
was attended by more than 600 red-fezzed
nobles of the shrine, who assembled to
witness the very Interesting, striking and
impressive degree conferred on 115 eli
gibles, who were anxious to have the
privilege of wearing the crescent and
scimetar as a lapel button. It was th3
largest class that has ever received the
degree In Islam Temple. Previous to the
work by which is explained the mysteries
of the order, there were . received 197 ap
plications for membership, and these
were all elected. Each of these, as well
as those who were Initiated, paid a fee
of $50 each, making a total collected in
initiation fees from the initiated and ap
plicants—an aggregate of 304— of $15,200.
The reason for this Influx into the ranks
of the Shriners is the fact that from to
day on the fee will be $100.
The ceremonies were superintended by
Potentate Colonel C. H. Murphy and were
under the management of E. J. Benedict,
assisted by , Nobles E- B. Hlndes, John
Hammersmith, James A. Snook, William
V. Bryan, James A. Gleaves and C. E.
Landls. Each of the searchers after
Arabic truths received his money's worth,
and twenty- five specially selected received
a little more, much to the satisfaction of
the others, who were merely onlookers
and permitted to enjoy the fun-
After the' session had been declared
closed there was an adjournment to the
banquet halls, 650 being accommodated In
the lower one and 150 in the upper. An
excellent menu was disposed of, after
.which Potentate Murphy, acting as toast
master, called on a number of the nobles
to respond to toasts. The first he called
on was Noble Henry J. Crocker, the Re
publican candidate for Mayor, who, as
soon as his name was announced, was ap
plauded for nearly five 7 minutes, and when
introduced as the next Mayor of San
Francisco the "applause was redoubled and
the orchestra played "Hall to the Chief '
and "He's ¦ a Jolly Good Fellow." Mr.
Crocker said he had come to the shrine
meeting to have fun and not to make a
political speech. "If you want to hear
politics," he said, "attend meetings on
the outside." , i "
R. R. Colgate, the millionaire paint man
of New" York, is no longer connected with
the North Shore road In an official ca
pacity. At a meeting of the directors of
the company held last Friday at the
main 'Offices on Market street President
John Martin submitted a letter from Col
gate, in. which the latter resigned from
the directorate and as vice president of
the corporation- ; The board then elected
K. M. Uotafing to the vacancy and desig
nated the new official to act for President,
Martin during his absence in New .York,
for, which city Martin will start in a few
days. • . . ' ¦ ¦ ¦'. . -.
Mr. Colgate's resignation is attributed to
the fact that he is a resident of the Bast
and cannot devote the attention necessary
to the duties of vice president. He was
one of the important factors in the finan
ciering of the road after its. purchase
from the Stetson company, and for a time
he exhibited a great personal interest In
the, Welfare of the company. It Is.under
stood; however, that he retains his stock
in the North Shore and will be represent
ed here by President Martin.
The directors at the same meeting levied
an assessment of $5 upon the capital stock
of the company. A similar assessment was
levied two months ago, which makes in
all $300,000, this amount being required to
meet the expenses j attending the trans
formation of the lines between Sausallto
and San Rafael and Mill Valley from
etcam to electric power and for Improve
ments at the southern terminus. At the
time ¦ the work was voted on the.stock
holders. agreed to pay^, an assessment of
$10, but this was finally divided into two
assessments.
' 'Manager Rank of the North Shore road
announced yesterday that the company
will be operating electric trains between
Sausalito and San Rafael and Mill Valley
under a new schedule on Saturday. There
will 'be sixteen trains running both ways,
including new evening trains to Mill Val
ley and to San Rafael, leaving this side at
10:20 p. m. For the convenience of busi
ness men there will be four trains each
morning from " San Rafael and Mill Val
ley,; those from: San Rafael leaving: there
at 5:25, 6:35, 7:40 and 8:35. The time sched
ule for; the departure , of the morning
trains i from; Mill Valley 'will be 5:45, 6:55,
7:25 and 8:55. The time of departure of the
trains" in the evening from this side of the
bay will be 5:15, 6:15, 7:00, 8:45 and 10:20.
Vice President Colgate
Resigns From North
Shore Road.
MANY MASONS
ATTEND SESSION
Mrs. Basch is widely known in social
circles of Southern California. She Is a
statuesque brunette of striking beauty.
She is a daughter of Mrs. E. A. Spell
man and married Basch a year ago, *
"I'll teach you to show a man where the
money Is," he often repeated between his
curses. Then he ransacked the house and
took the little money he found.
After securing the money the robber
commlttted his final indignities, by chlo
roforming and mauling his victim.
Mrs. Basch was conscious but could do
nothing when the wretch produced the
bottle containing the chloroform and held
it to her nose until she sank into a stupor.
' Her assailant had a long, scraggy mus
tache, reddish colored hair and there was
a very . noticeable . black skin blotch on
his upper lip where his mustache parted.
Mrs. Basch believes him to be about five
feet" eight Inches tall, very broad shoul
dered and robust, with big strong hands.
He wore a black stiff hat and on one fin
ger wore a cheap sliver horseshoe ring.
The man who stood guard was of dark
complexion, with smooth face, but the
woman took no notice of him, as his com
panion did all the talking.
< The police are on the trail of the ras
cals. .
LOS ANGELES, Oct. 14.-Mauled.
bound, gagged, kicked, chloroformed: and
then robbed by a desperado was the treat
ment suffered this afternoon bjr Mrs, Max
Basch, a handsome young Jewess, living
on the outskirts of the city. The crime
was committed at 2 o'clock, but was not
discovered until this evening, when her
husband returned home and found her
lying wounded and unconscious. For five
hours she lay senseless from the effects
of chloroform. Her faco .was pressed
down on a heap of' matting, her hands
bound behind her back with a handker
chief drawn so taut that it almost stopped
the circulation and her mouth was stuffed
with wads of paper. The unfortunate
woman waa bruised and blackened by
kicks on the breast and side as she lay
helpless. She was on the point of suf
focating when found and could not have
lived another half hour. She lias rallied,
however, and will recover.
The criminal who operated while an ac
complice stood guard r,, evidently sought
money only, as $8 was taken, while dla<
monds worth $300 were not touched. The
robber and his companion called at the
house, 734 Vernon avenue* ostensibly to
buy apples advertised for sale. After
bargaining on the front porch, he sudden
ly shoved the startled~woman into the
hall, entered himself, shut the door and
locked it. Then ha demanded money.
Mrs. Baach pleaded that ahe had little
money, but offered her jewels, extending
her hands with rings set with diamonds.
With an. oath the desperado threw her
back. She told him she had but $8 and
that it was in a dresser drawer. Cursing
her as a liar the thug poised himself and
swung a terrific blow to the side of Mrs.
Basch's head, knocking her down. She
screamed and he kicked her again and
again. Then he leaped upon her pros
trate form, placed his knees upon her
chest and silenced her cries by forcing
wads of newspaper .into her throat.
Desperado Binds and Gags Victim
Before Using Anesthetic and
She Is Nearly Suffocated
When Discovered.
Woman Is Attacked in Her
Own Home and Beaten
and Robbed.
RETIRES FROM
THE DIRECTORATE
"Dunton I knew only five weeks and
did not know his name until after he- was
arrested," she continued, referring to her
past lovers. "Forbes I never knew and
Stoner, who committed suicide In the
East, lost his money before I knew him."
Former Judge George A. Trude was re
tained to-day I to watch the Interests of
the girl of. many adventures and love en
tanglements. '.
"Dot" Thurman stayed alone in her
apartments in the Potomac flats while the
last rites over the body of Kohn were
being observed ' in Mount Maarlv Ceme
tery. Onlyithe closest relatives were in
the funeral party, \
. "It was because he did not want to be
separated from me that Mr. Kohn took
the trip to California," declared "Dot"
Thurman to-day. "I am sick from the
experience. •' It seems that evil, fortune
has 'pursued my friends. But I was not
a' siren that lured them to death. I stay
ed'by Mr. Kohn until the last. "When I
could do nothing more I started back to
Chicago. Air the accusations against me
are false. ,' - ¦¦•¦
CHICAGO, Oct. 14.— "Dot" Thurraan
will fight -for a share .in the estate of
Abraham H.'. Kohn, who died recently In
Ban Francisco. On what she bases her claim
she refuses to state, contenting herself
¦with the assertion' that she has abundant
documents to prove that she is entitled to
a generous portion of the estate of the
late millionaire and clubman. She as
serts that she has numerous papers show
ing that they were known as "Mr. and
Mrs. Kohn.'': His relatives/on the other
hand, are determined that .she shall not
prove any claims of being the widow of
Kohn.
Special Dispatch. ; to ; The Call.
Declares She Is Not a Siren
That Lures Lovers to %:'¦£?'
.Death.
Bold Crime Is Commit
ted on the Outskirts
of Los Angeles.
"Dot" Thurman Engages
Judge Trude as>
N Counsel. ~
DARING THUG
CHLOROFORMS
HOUSEWIFE
DEMANDS SHARE
OF KOHN ESTATE
THE SAN TEANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, OCTOBER 15, 1903.
LOSTDON. Oct.vl4.— HeriryV'C.';. Jarr»tt- of
New York died suddenly in London yesterday.
2
DB. KTLMEIL'S SWAlrt-BOOT. _^
CERTIFICATE OF PURITY
l^^ii^ 2^s°J sis L"!H|iji fe -h;lg5i$ mm
V pmmww«|| fi £| "&|||I|||;p-|iii||l5 |rfg 2 Emm
This is to Certify that Dr. KilmeiVs Swamp-Root , the
great kidney, liver and bladder remedy, is purely vegetable
and does not contain any calomel, meroury, creosote, mor-
phine, opium, strychnine, cocaine, nitrate potash (salt-petre) ,
bromide potassium, narcotic alkaloid, whiskey, wine or any
harmful or habit producing drugs. Swamp-Root was discovered
through scientific research and study by Dr. Kilmer, who grad-
uated with honors and is now actively engaged in the practice
of his profession, which calling he has successfully followed
many years. {State of New York, County of Broome, 1 q s
City of Binghamton, j
Jonas M, Kilmer, senior member of the firm of Dr. Kilmer
& Co., of the City of Binghamton, County of State of
New York, being duly sworn, deposes and says that the
guarantee of purity of Swamp-Root, as described in the
foregoing certificate, is in all respects true.
Subscribed and sworn to ) ,£m<i<*4 J?l. /&ryiJ*% -
before me April 26. j
Dr. Kilmer's Swamp-Root is not recommended for everything, but If you havo
kidney, liver or bladder trouble, it will be found just the remedy you need. Swamp- Root makes friends.
Each bottle contains the same standard of purity, strength and excellence.
You may have a sample bottle of Swamp- Root free by mail, if you have not already had one.
When writing to Dr. Kilmer & Co., Binghamton, N. Y. t be sure to mention reading this generous
offer in this paper.
ADVERTISEMENTS* '
j|jpRras|
SSGK HEADACHE
- Positively cared fey these
little Pills.
They also reliere Distress from Dyspepsia,
Indigestion and Too Hearty Eating. A per-
fect remedy for Dizziness, Nausea, Drowsi-
kss. Bad Taste in the Mouth, Coated Tongoa
Pain in tie Side, TORPID LIVER. They
Regelate the Bowels. Purely Vegetable.
Small Pill. small Dose.
Small Price-
/Th SPHEROID (Patented) d&\
\J\ Eye Classes y\J[
1 C^ Opera Glasses \J*\
if Scientific jf
1"Y Instruments |
( J Kodaks, Photo Goods
. Feel Your Pulse
{f it beats fast, then slow— skips;
beats, your heart is weak and should,
be treated at once. Dr. Miles' Heart
Cure is the best and safest remedy.
Sold on guarantee, fend tor book on th« heart
Da. Milct M*dical Co.. Ellthsrt. Ind. I
Weak Meir and Womeii
SHOULD IfSE DAMIANA BITTERS. TUeI
Great Mexican Remedy: Klves health and
strength to sexual organs. Depot. -T^:i Market.
OCEAN' TBAVEL.
Steamers leav« San Fran- ;
/£>ji*-£QJw ctsco as follows:
/9^^^S\v\ For Ketchlkan, Wranssl,
my TCfWVjl VA Juneau. Ilalnes, Skagway.
I I \«L2*5l. I I Alaska— 11 a. m.. Oct.
I V \CSi(a I IS. 2.X Z<*. Nov. 2. Chan**
V*S. \\ ypf to company** ataaxners at
\tfc<—^67 Seattla.
>3£tSVjj5' For Victoria. Vancouver,
j Port Townsend. Seattle, Ta-
coma, Everett. "Whatcom — 11 a. m., Oct. 13,
23. 28, Nov. 2. Change at Seattle to thi« com- |
pany's steamers for Alaska and O. N. Ky. ; at '¦
Seattle or Tacoma to N. P. Ry.: at Vancouver
to C. P. Rv.
For Eureka (Hnmboldt Bar) — Pomona, 1:30
p. m.. Oct. 10. 25. 31. Nov. 6; Corona, 1:50 p.
m.. Oct. 16. 22. 28. Nov. 3.
For Los Angeles (via Port Loa Angeles and
Redondo). San Diego and Santa Barbara-
Santa Rosa. Sundays. 9 a. m.
State of CalUornla, Thursdays. 9 a. ra.
For Los Anxeles (via San Pedro and Eait
San Pedro). Santa Barbara, Santa Cruz. Mon-
terey, San Simeon. Cayucoa, Port Harford (Saa
Luts Cbisoo), Ventura and Huenrme.
Coos Bay, 0 a. in.. Oct. 18. 21. Nov. 1.
Bdnita. 0 a. m.. Oct. 20, 2.S. Xov. 5.
For Ensenarta, MatrdaJena Bay, San Jos* del ,
Cabo, Mazatlan, Altata, La Pas, Santa Ro-
salia, Guaymas (Mex.), 10 a. m., Tth of cacti
month.
For further Information obtain folder.
'Right la reserved to change »teamera or sall-
lnz dates.
TICKET OFFICES 1 New Montgom-
ery street (Palace Hotel). 10 Market atreet and
Broadway wharf.
Freight office. 10 Market street.
C. D. DUNANN. General Passenger Agent.
10 Market street. Han Krinc Isco.
i ¦
O. /?. & N. CO.
"Columbia" sails Oct. 20. 30, Nov. 9. 19 29
"George W. Elder" sails Oct. 13, 2.\ Nov 4*
14. 24. Only steamship line to PORTLAND
OR., and short rail line from Portland to all
points East. Throujrh tickets to »>ll point* nil
rail or steamship anJ rail at LOWEST RATE 5 *
Steamer tickets Include berth and rnfta!*'
Steamer sails foot of Spear st at U a m S
, F. BOOTH. Cen. Art. Pass. Dept.. 1 Monti
gomery st. : C. CLIFFORD. Gen. .\*t Freluht
Dept.. 3 Montgomery st.
TOYO RISEN KAISHA.
(ORIENTAL STEAMSHIP CO.>
Steamers will leave wharf, corner First and
Brannan streets, at 1 p. m., for YOKOHAMA
an$ HONOKONG, calling at Kobe (Hiogo).
Nagasaki and Shanghai, and connecting at
Hongkong with steamers for India, etc. No
cargo received on board on day of saiiin?
S. S. NIPPON MARU *
¦' »».. Thursday, October - 13. 1003
S. S. AMERICA MARU :......
Tuesday. November 10, 1003
S. S. HONGKONG MARU
Thursday, December 3. 190.1
Via Honolulu. Round-trtp tickets at reduroi
rates. For freight and passage apply at Com-
pany's office. 421 Market street, corner First.
W. H. AVERY. General Agenfr
AMERICAN LINE.
NEW YORK -SOUTH AMPTON-LOXDO!».
N Tork.Oet. 28, 10 amJSt. Louts. Nov. 11, 10am
Phlla. ..Nov. 4, 10 amlN. York. Nov. 18. loam
ATLANTIC TKASrSFOET T*UT2.
R«w York — Loncon Street.
Mln'polis.Oct. 24. 8 amlMasaba..Nov 7 o am
Min"ha.Oct. 31, 1:30 pm|Min'ka.Nov. i 4. i :30 pm
Only First-class Passengers Carried.
SOMTJEfZOar XtiWlT.
Boctoa — Queenatown — Liverpool.
Common wealth.. Oct. 22!Columbus Nov. 1J
Cambroman.... Oct. 2U|Commonwealtlj.Nov 19
Mayflower Nov. S|
Montreal — Liverpool — Short sea passage
Canada Oct. 31(Southwark Nov. ?
Boston Msditerranaan *>««««
AZ0RE3-OIBRALTAR— NAPLES-GEXOA.
Vancouver. Saturday^ Nov. 21
EZD STAS LUTE.
Haw Tork — Antwerp — FariJ.
Kroonl'd.Oct. 24. 10 am Finland. .Nov. T, 10 am
Z»e land.. Oct. 31, 1O amiVaderl'd.Nov. 14. 10am
vWHITI! STAS XJ2TE. .
XTdw Tork — Qneenstowa — Llrsrpool.
Sailing Wednesdays and Fridays.
Cymric... Oct. 23. 7 am Victorian. Nov. 3. 3 pm
Tsutonlc.Oct. 2S, noon Cedrlc. Nov. 4. 3:30 pna
Arabic.Oct. 30,12:30 pm Majestic. .Nov. 11, noon
CD. TAYLOR. Passenger Agent. Paclflo
Coast, 21 Post at.. Saa Francisco.
oceanicl5.to.=^£
S.S. ALAMEDA. for Honolulu, Oct. 17. 11 a. m
S.S. MARIPOSA. for Tahiti. Oct. 28. U a. m!
8. S.. SIERRA, for Honolulu. Samoa, Auck-
land and Sydney. Thursday. Oct. 29. 2 p. m.
C0MPAQ5IS 6XXXSALX TKAXSATLAaTIlJUS.
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS, jm.
Saillnsr every Thursday Instead t>f &Stf£Ttk
Saturday, at 10 a. m., trom X'ier 42, *SiszSaT
North River, foot of Morton street.
First-class to Havre, |T0 and upward. S«e-
ond-class to Havre. $45 and upward. GEN-
ERAL AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES AND
CANADA. 32 Broadway (Hudson Building)
New York. 3. F. FUOAZI &.CO..'Pactnc Coast
AgenU. 5 Montgomery avenue, San Francisco.
Tickets sold by all Railroad Ticket Agents.
Mare I»l«a& *nd Vallejo Bta*m tr«.
. Steamer GEN. FRISBIE or MONTICELI/J— '
0:45 a., in., 3:13 and 8:30 p. m.. except Sunday
Sunday, 9:45 a. m.. 8:30 p.- na. Leave VallsJoC
7 a. m., 12:30 noon, < p. m., ex. Sunday, gun-
day, 7 a. m.". 4 :X5 p. to. Fare, 50 cents. Tel
Main 150S. Pier 2. Mlsslon-st. dock. HATCH
A BRYSON GIRL NEXT SUNDAYSALT LAKE. Utah. Oct. 14.— Three new, di
rectors were elected at the annual meeting -of
the stockholders of - a the _• Oregon ' Short Line
Railroad Company held In. this city to-day.
They were: W. V. S.Thorne." James 11. Hyde
and Paul JVarburg. all of New. York.
. Commencing:^..October 17. and Saturdays
thereafter until further notice." hunter*' train
to > San Jo«e leave foot of Market street
(via narrow-gauge * boat) at 0:3d p. m." Return
trip, train leaves Los Gatos at 4:35 p. m. Sun
days."" ¦•; •
Hunters' Train,
LOS ANGELES, Oct. 14.— Archie Hill,
the Slayer of Wilbur. Carlton. a street car
conductor. Is on trial here on a charge of
murder. He will try to prove ' that he
killed Carlton In self defense.!
Hill, Now Pleads Self Defense.
PORTLAND, Or., 1 " Oct. C 14.— The oil
steamer Whittler: sailed ' to-day, for Los
Angeles wltha cargo of 420,000 gallons of
Columbia River ' water.% The cargo Is des
tined for . the refineries of Oleum,"- where
water is said to be scarce.:* This Is t the
first time in the. history, of ither port that
water has been made a commodity..
Carries a Cargo of Water.
GRASS VALLEY, Oct. 14.— A scene that
recalls early days is attracting much at
tention in Boston ravine, In the southern
part of this city. Several local men are
hard at work with primitive rockers on
the banks of the creek washing out gold.
They have struck a piece of ground not
touched by" the early-day miners and are
hard at work digging it out,. wheeling it
to rockers and extracting .** the yellow
metal. Out of two barrowloads 55. worth
of gold was washed, and indications point
to the men making a nice little pile be
fore the ground is worked out.
Strike Gold Bearing Ground.
The regular monthly meeting of the San |
Francisco Chapter of American In- j
stitute' of Bank CIerks' ; was held 'in "the I
Y. -M. C; A. ibullding last ; evening. \ "An
enthusiastic membership greeted the dele
gates 4 who> had just": returned ¦from the
National Coriventlon'of. Bank Clerks held •
at,; Cleveland; Ohio.- September 18 arid 19. j
The ¦. delegates— William . A.. Day of the '
Bank of California, J. ? WV; McDermott of i
the Nevada National Bank and H. J>Ma- j
ginnity;of the California Safe Deposit and '
Trust - Company— addressed .^ the ; meeting
entertainingly and Instructively regarding
the I convention 'and • the organization 'of
the v bank I -clerks ; In th^- -larger .cities
throughout the East.. , . . \
', It is expected Jthat J. B. ! Finley of Pitts-
burg, s president "of; the Amer.ican Institute
of 'Bank who visits 'San Francisco
to * attend ; the American Bankers' .. Conven
tion.xwill address the | San ; bank ,
clerks on . Friday, 1 October, 23 :-' at' the -Acad
emyj of ¦ Sciences' building.tgg£f£ligg3§I&ir
Cordial Reception Is Tendered Those
Recently Returned From,
. Convention.-
BANK CLERKS GREET
NATIONAL DELEGATES
TACOMA, Oct. 14.— An effort Is being
made to locate : on . the Upper Yukon A.
Brooks of Hornitos, Mariposa County Cal.,
who has not been heard from for several
years. Brooks went ; north during the*
Klondike rush, becoming a packer on the
Skagway trail, and subsequently, going to
Dawson. His sister, ; Mrs. Olive E. . Carr,
of Hornitos has requested the Dawson po
lice to locate him f if ; possible, v Brooks I is
53 years of age and was a 'mining, promo-"
ter ;¦ and newspSper man ' for I many; years.'
Trying to Locate Missing Man. ,
Believes His Neck Is Dislocated.
NAPA. Oct. 14.— Charles Maxwell, who
has been seriously m in Napa for several
weeks past, has gone to Altruria to re
ceive treatment. His case Is a remarkable
one. He had severe pains in his head,
which finally settled In the back of his
neck. It was supposed to be neuralgia at
first, but the trouble refused to yield to
treatment. The physicians now say Max
well Is suffering from a dislocated neck.
Some ten years ago Maxwell was thrown
from a horse and his neck wa3 badly
twisted. His present illness is the first
Intimation that?his neck was dislocated
at the time of the accident.
TACOMA, Oct. 14.— Another California
girl will be married on the Yukon River
before October ends. When Miss Mag
dalene Haushalter of- San Francisco ar
rives at Rampart she will become the bride
of John S. Nelanny, who is connected
with the postoffice at Rampart. Miss Hau
shalter passed through Dawson two weeks
ago on her way to Rampart by the last
steamer down* the river. She was hand
somely entertained by friends in Dawson.
For" six years she lived with her- sister,
who is the, wife of Dr. J.^B. Clifford of
San Francisco. ¦ * .
Goes to Join Her Promised Husband.
Still Squabbling Over Xibrary Site.
WOODLAND, Oct. 14.— Three members
of the Board of City Trustees have fixed
things so that the- . proposed Carnegie
library will be erected on their site or no't
at all. At a special meeting held last
night they repealed an ordinance passed
before the controversy arose- in which
provision was made for a tax levy for tha
library and passed a substitute ordinance
much the same in effect except that the
library must be located on their sit© and
construction commenced by July 1, 1904.
The terms of office of two library trus
tees expire April next and It is supposed
that the City Trustees will fill the va
cancies with men favorable to their site.
Russell appeared before Police Judge Ca
banlsa. yesterday £ and was' instructed as
to hia rights. / He was 'not arraigned/ be
cause no complaint had been sworn to?i
The ' case was continued \ f or » a 'week to
await the -result of. ther Coroner's Inquest;
The belief /is. growing -that" Russell? did
not^mlstake his- wife for^a ; burglar, 'but
I deliberately shot her. It Is . not denied
that Russell and his wife quarreled often
i and that they had a quarrel on Monday
night. .^Yesterday; morning ; Lacy i Russell,
• daughter/ of » the defendant 1 by a*former;
marriage, : made a ; , statement in "detail '< to
; Captain . Martin," in Iwhlch she said that
she was awakened ' by hearing her, father
call "Halt!". Then{ she heard * her-step
mother.' say, - .'.'Have ,~mercy !" The daugh
ter, tried to open. the door of ! her bedroom/
but the handle ' would not . worki and > just
then ¦ she heard • the ahota.^mmmmem&
Russell worked hard during the- day
while in the Southern city, and spent his
nights stealing. He thus got considerable
cash and property. He was often arrest
ed, and though ¦ proof of thefts seemed
clear, escaped by having Jury trials.
Finally he , was \ caught thieving and his
case : was v set for trial before ; Justice
Austin. Pending, this trial an attempt
was made one night to assassinate Aus
tin', and Russell was suspected.' The thief
was" finally given a suspended sentence on
condition tha£" he , leave : town. • which he
did. He ; announced . that he was going
South,' but: went the other way and was
never, heard of again until the killing of
his wife. ,; His relatives live in Los
Angeles and his \ brothers have * beeti : in
police courts there several times for petty
offenses^ . - . ' - ..'¦,
The; Los Angeles police say they think
he deliberately . murdered the woman In
San Francisco and they will make a full
report of his doings in • Los Angeles. A
year afjer his. first wife died he Induced
a colored : woman to leave her husband
and live with him. and as she left with
him it is -supposed she Is the one he
killed on Tuesday. ¦¦'¦.'
Captain ¦ of Detectives Martin received
word from the Los Angeles police last
night that Hilliard Russell, who killed
his wife in this city on Tuesday morning,
is the most notorious . negro thief who
ever operated in Los Angeles. It is said
he served a term In an Eastern peniten
tiary for manslaughter . before coming
West, and while living in Los Angeles
his first wife died under suspicious cir
cumstances. It is believed she expired
from the effects of a beating by Russell,
but as this could not be proved he was
never arrested. .
. But 111 health began to wear him down
and ten years ago Colonel Dailey forsook
the activities of the world . to , 11 ve^lone
with the" roar of -the sea and "the rush of
the j salt airs. Alone he was I when death
came to him on. the wings of the myste
rious ' nlEht ; wind from the west.
¦The man who had lived so many years
with the gulls and the sand pipers had
once been prominent in affairs, of -the na
tion. A i native of Connecticut, he was
made military, agent of ' the State when
the war of. the rebellion flamed out. In
that capacity he was on, the battlefields
of Gettysburg' and. Frederlcksburg In the
midst of the fearful carnage. Later, when
the war was over, he I was , appointed re
ceiver of Government funds for tho Ter
ritory of ; Arizona and held that position
for. several years. ."-¦
Ten years ago Colonel Dailey received
from his boon companion, Adolph Sutro,
a little patch of sand out on the beach
below the Cliff House. There he gathered
together enough of the flotsam of the set
— broken bones ~, of dead ships — to build
himself a tiny cabin. The rooftree, clap
boards and Joists all came out of the sea;
not a sliver of wood was there which had
not been once a part of some vessel, long
since lying broken backed at the bottom
of the green depths.
Here? housed in by the skeletons of
ships, old Colonel Dailey spent the fading
days of his life. For years his light was
the only one which winked through the
blur of the storms, his little garden- spot
wasthe only color in the yellow waste of
sands. Then one by ; one the old street
cars began to be wheeled out to the beach
and grouped. into a mongrel village about
"Colonel Dalley's camp." His tiny cab-
In and flower patch became the -nucleus
of Oceanside. >
Old Colonel Charles E. Dailey, the fath
er of what was once Carvllle, but le now
known by 1 the more dignified title of
Oceanside, is dead. Yesterday his body
was found lying in' the little bedroom of
his driftwood cabin out by the ocean
beach. Just as death had stricken it. With
only the boom « of the surf for his re
quiem, the- little old hermit with the
snowy beard had passed into the great
sea of mystery there was no one
to close the dimjjyes or fold the wrinkled
old hands across the breast.
The Japanese Consul here investigated
the matter and decided that the girl was
held there through a mistake on the part
of the society. He says he desires to send
the girl- back to her father, who Is said
to be a merchant in Shikoku, Japan, but
the Humane Society of Denver refuses to
allow her to leave. Consul Takagi states
that he will bring the matter to the at
tention of the authorities at
PORTLAND, Or., Oct. 14.— S. Takagi.
Japanese Consul In Portland, Is trying to
gain possession of a Japanese girl now in
the hands of .the Humane Society of Den
ver, Colo. Seven months ago Masat Shin
agawa, an" 18-year-old girl, came to the
United States in company with her uncle
and aunt. They landed at Seattle and
later went to Denver. In September the
girl was taken by the Humane Society of
Denver and placed in the hands of a Jap
anese family.
Consul Takagi Claims That She Is
Being Illegally Detained by a
Humane Society.
FIGHT FOB POSSESSION
OF YOUNG JAPANESE GIBL
Negro Murder Suspect
Was Bad in Los
Angeles.
Old Colonel Dailey Slips
Into Beyond Alone
in His -Cabin.
ROAR OF WAVES
IS HIS REQUIEM
Rev. Mother Augustine was born in
Montreal In 1849 and entered the order of
the Sisters of the Holy Name when 14
years of age. She came to California In
the fall '©f 1868 and entered the Convent
of Our Lady of the Sacred Heart as a
teacher. , She was directress of the board
ing-school for. fourteen years, and for two
years was local f superior of. the order oC
the Sisters of the Holy Name. A short
time ago she was elected provincial supe
rior of the order, and her term had not
expired at tne time, of her death. Mother
Augustine has been Identified with the
Convent of Our Lady for the past thirty
five years. v \
Mother Baptist came to the coast in 1861
with Mother Augustine, and it was during
that year that the Convent of Our Lady
of the Sacred Heart was erected. Mother
Baptist was the first superior of* the in
stitution; ¦
A telegram has been received from
Mother Baptist, who for eighteen years
was connected with the convent, saying
that she would arrive In Oakland to-mor
row evening to attend the funeral of
Mother Augustine. .Mother Baptist was
mother superior of the convent when
Mother Augustine first came to the coast,
and for many, years they were coworkers
at the institution.
The body, will be taken to Oakland at 9
o'clock this morning and directly to the
convent, where it will lie in state until the
funeral, which will take place Saturday
morning at 9 o'clock.
When the body arrives at the convent
it will be received. by the sisters and pu
pils, who will be dressed in deep mourn
ing. v \
• Rev. Mother Augustine, provincial su
perior of the order of the Sisters of the
Holy Kame and directress of the Con
vent of Our Lady of the Sacred Heart,
died at St.: Mary's Hospital at 3 o'clock
yesterday afternoon after a short illness.
Her death was the result of an operation
performed last Monday.
During the years that she had been at
the head of the convent Mother Augus-
' tine had made a multitude of friends and
since she was ill many of her former pu
pils called to see her. Although* she knew
that death was not far off the mother
superior, greeted them with the same ten
derness and love that they knew when
they were under her care at the convent.
A number of the graduates of the
school whom the mother superior had not
seen for more than twenty years called
at the- hospital yesterday to see their for
mer teacher and for each one she had
some word of love. During the afternoon
she grew rapidly weaker, although she
was conscious to the last and recognized
the sisters of the convent who were gath
ered at her bedside. As the end ap
proached she asked if there was no way
that she could be taken to the convent,
that she might die among the Sisters of
the order..
The Northern Commercial Company has
not succeeded in getting a supply of oil to
its reservoirs on the Upper Yukon. Its
steamer Sarah was compelled to substi
tute wood for the oil burners. The wood
supply has been found Insufficient and her
crew has to get off and chop fuel as she
goes up the river.
The White Pass Railway has notified
shippers that it cannot transport all of
the freight now on hand at White Horse
and offers to release any portion of It
that can get transportation to Dawson
on barges or independent steamers. Sev
eral shippers have chartered the Tyrrell
and Light, which are making two round
trips to White Horse, and other shippers
are offering them four and five times the
regular freight rates to get their ship
ments through.
TACOMA, Oct. 14.— Transportation com
panies and shippers are making the ef
fort of their lives to land at Dawson
thousands of tons of freight which" now
stands in danger of indefinite delay by
the freezing of the Yukon River. The wa
ter Is lowering dally and a fre'ezeup Is
expected within ten days. Steamers be
tween White Horse and Dawson had to
Jettison part of their .cargoes to- enable
them to get down the river. Ten days
ago the steamer Mary Graff threw over
board 150 head of cattle in order that an
other steamer might be able to haul her
off a newly, discovered sandbar. The cat
tle swam in the wrong, direction and the
members of the crew became cowboys In
boats In an effort to make them swim to
ward the nearest shore.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
B A KERSFIELD. Oct. H.— A warrant
has been issued by Justice MUlard for
the arrest of W. P. Cunningham, a prom
inent oil man, on a charge of grand lar
ceny. Cunningham Is now in Los Angeles
and Deputy Sheriff Tower left for that
city last night to serve the warrant on
him. The complaint Is sworn to by J.
M. Holloway, a well known oil man, who
charges Cunningham with the alleged
theft of SSO feet of oil well casing.
A large quantity of oil well drilling' ma
chinery was stolen at Kern River last
year and traced to the property of a com
pany at Sunset, of which Cunningham
was the general manager, and there found
and recovered. Charles S. Vezle, an em
ploye of the company, was arrested for
the alleged theft and at his trial a' few
weeks ago he offered the defense that he
was acting under the orders of Cunning
ham and supposed that his employer had
a right to the machinery. The trial re
sulted In a disagreement by the Jury.
Cunningham was one of the "principal
witnesses for the State at this trial.
Before coming to California Cunning
ham was Sheriff of Santa Fe, N. M.,
where he gained a wide reputation in con
nection with the famous Borrego murder
trial, a case which went to the Supreme
Court of the United States. It was after
ward taken before Presidents Cleveland
and McKJnley. -^
POMONA. Oct. 14.— Josiah Grerg, one of
tte oldest settlers in Southern California,
died at his home in Pomona to-day, aged
ti years. He was a first cousin of Jeffer
son Davis, President of the Confederacy,
and kept In close touch with his famous
cousin for years. He was sent to Europe
twice on errands for the Government
when Davis was Secretary of War. He
was the United States agent who went
to Arabia and brought camels for use on
the deserts of New Mexico and Arizona
by the army in 1S53 and 1S54.
When the Civil War broke out In 1S61
Gregg was worth more than $400,000 in
cotton and sugar lands in Mississippi. He
bought Confederate Government bonds by
the thousand and gave away $100,000 to
clothe and feed the Confederate soldiers.
"When tb-i war was over he was left pen
niless. He once sent a Christmas gift of
SlO.OvO to Jefferson Da\-is during the dark
est days cf the Civil War.
Gregg settled In Pomona when there
•were but sixty residents here. By reason
of fortunate real estate investments and
the rapid appreciation in land values In
Pomona Valley he accumulated a large
fortune in his old age. He has relatives
all over California and Nevada. j
Special DlepatcJj to The Can.
Rev. Mother Augustine
Dies at St. Mary's
HospitaL^lv
Steamers Are Unable to
Get It Through to
Dawson.
One Accuses the Other
of Theft of Some
Well Casing.
Josiah Gregg, a Cousin
of Jefferson Davis,
Passes Away.
FREIGHT STANDS
ON THE WHARVES
NOTED PIONEER
DIES AT POMONA
OIL MEN AT WAR
IN KERN COUNTY
SISTERS MOURN
THEIR SUPERIOR
boys went down together, but Lewis
came to , the surface in a moment and
swam, to the barge. Little Walter failed
to come up and his horror stricken com
panions swam to the dock and gave the
alarm. Walter, McKay, a cousin of the
deceased, was notified and J made several
ineffectual attempts to locate the body.
In the meantime Mrs. McKay had been
notified and in company with her daugh
ter. Miss Mary -McKay, hastened to the
scene, of the accident. The heartbroken
mother and her daughter with tear
dimmed eyes watched the search for the
body of their loved one until 7 o'clock
last night, when Walter McKay, with the
aid of a pole, located the body and diving
into the water brought it to the surface:
The Coroner's office was notified, but
upon the direction of Dr. Leland the body
was not removed to the Morgue. Mrs.
McKay Is prostrated with grief and has
the sympathy of the entire district in her
sad bereavement.
All ' of i the boys except young McKay
were able to swim and they lost no time
In Jumping off the dock._JWlth boyish
glee they disported themselves in the wa
ter. Near the dock a barge that has lost
its usefulness lies firmly Imbedded in the
mud. This offered an ideal place from
which to dive and the lads clambered up
on the old hulk. All of them dove into
the water with the exception of the un
fortunate boy. He waited. a moment and
then jumped off, landing on Lewis' back.
A distressing tragedy, which. evoked an
outburst of . sympathy throughout the
Potrero district, occurred yesterday af
ternoon at 3 r o'clock," when "Walter Mc-
Kay, a 15-year-old schoolboy, met hi*
death in the bay at the dock of the Arc
tic Oil Works!
The dead boy, who was the son of Mrs.
Charles C. McKay of .616 . Eighteenth
street, in company with three other lads —
E. Lewis ; of 1188 .Kentucky street, Harry
Timby of 705 Tennessee street and T.
Bailey of 1060 Kentucky street— decided to
go swimming In the bay and accordingly
repaired to the Arctic Oil Works, where
they divested themselves of their wearing
apparel preparatory to plunging into .the
water. "
RUSSELL'S PAST
FULL OF EVIL
While in London I visited the commission
ers who were fixing the boundary dispute be
tween Canada and the Unltii States. All of
the documentary evidence shows that the pres
ent existing lines are the same as those held
by Russia prior to the purchase of Alaska by
us. I do not believe, were It not for the dls- (
covery of -gold in the Klondike, that any dls- .
pute would have ever arisen.- Our only hope
is in Lord Alverstone. England's Chief Justice,
who is on the commission, and who, I believe,
is an able Jurist and an honorable man. With
out him the commissioners would merely come
to a tie vote. I think that he will look at It
from a purely legal standpoint and his decision
will be Just. •
Senator Perkins was accompanied on his
trip by his daughter Pansy, whom he left
visiting relatives In Maine when he re
turned to California. He will remain here
about two weeks and then depart for the
East to attend the next session of Con
gress on November 9.
Why In France, the famed place for the
raising' of grapes. I'll venture to say that their
vines do not bear by one-tenth the amount of
fruit that the vineyards of Fresno In this
State produce, and I think that our wines
are as good as any made there.
ff Our climate, our resources, give us a great
advantage over other* countries. ¦ We do not
realize what a Messed country we have here.
It only takes a trip abroad to make one more
In love with his home country.
AMEBICA'S ADVANTAGES.
This year has been a hard one for the work
ing classes. Repeated rains nave ruined the
crops and the mills In Great Britain manu
facturing fabrics have been shut down, owing
to the difficulty with which the raw products
have been ' secured from the United States.
The poorer classes have been visibly affected
and will vote seainst Chamberlain, who rep
resents the aristocracy, and defeat him; still
I think he is in the right. . .
Manchester and all of the large manufactur
ing cities in Ireland and Scotland are prac
tically dead, and many people are out of em
ployment. Belfast and Glasgow were the only
cities that presented any marked state of ac
tivity.
I think that the Judiciary system of .England
is superior to ours. The Judges are appointed
for life 'on their good behavior. Any one who
breaks the law Is fully punished. Here, where
the Jurists are constantly changing and the
matter of politics figures so keenly in their se
lection we are lees likely to have the laws as
rigidly' enforced as they ought to be.
Seeing the different governments of Europe.
I am more than ever deeply Impressed with
the privileges and advantages that our form of
government gives. Vhat we should fight
against is the formation of classes. It Is the
classes who are responsible for the contest aow
going on in England,
The ¦ free trade and protection contest now
being waged in England has ijomt at a moat
inopportune time for Chamberlain. The po
litical fight is' very active and very much like
the ones we have here.
CHAMBEBUSlIN'S FIGHT.
Germany also has an -abundance of fine
roads, all constructed and .maintained by the
Government. . . : -..¦'._ - . • . ''
¦ In .Germany I was particularly » impressed
with the fine forests. We ' should follow Ger
many's example -- and ¦ preserve our forests,
which are fast being destroyed.. In that coun
try no one Is allowed to fell a tree without
first having obtained the permission of a forest
official. - - " ' - .
"While I agree with Mr. Chamberlain In
the stand he has taken in the fight now on
in Kngland. I think "he will be defeated."
said Senator. George C. Perkins last night
on his return from s an extended tour
throughout the western countries of Eu
rope. . • .
Senator Perkins has just returned from
a three months' vacation spent'In.travel
ing through Belgium, Germany,'Switzer
land, Ireland. Scotland and Kngland. This
was the Senator's first trip to Europe
since, as a boy of 14, he ran away from a
Bhlp on which he; was serving as an ap
prentice and swam the moat surrounding
the King's palace at Christiania, Sweden,
in order to see a real live King.
When seen- last night in -his home In
Oakland the Senator said: •
I have had a splendid opportunity to study
the various ffoverumenta ot ' Europe and am
more than ever lnclhied to believe that; we
have " the finest governed institution In the
world. :" No one can so abroad without' coming
bock and thankinjr Ood that we have such
a land and such a government. 3 till we have
some things to learn. •
Say3 He Thinks Chamberlain
Is Destined to Meet
Defeat;
Dives From an Old Barge at
Arctic Oil Dock to
v His Death.
Fifteen- Year- Old- Wai
ter McKay Is Victim
¦ '. 6ft Tragedy.
Gives Opinion on Vari
ous Old EWorld
Matters.
DROWNS IN DARK
WATERS OF BAY
PERKINS BACK
FROM EUROPE
THE SAN FBANCISCO XJ&I/L, ; THUBSDAY^QiOTOBER 15, 1903.
3
ADVEKTISEMENTS.
soap brings health
and the color of
health to many a
sallow skin: .
d visit DR. JORDAN'S great (I
k?0SEp OF flfiflTOBY*
d fit) 1:i2IX - K- *«• 64*7*; 5.7-CiL A
\ fcy ..T 1^ l-^"' Aaatoaictl Museum in the \
Q m<*9* Sk . *«•*- «"b««o or iuy toairactcd A
O /52I SpeeHut OB the Co ul kst. 34 y «rs. ©
A Q*<0h DR. J3SDAH-DISEASES OF MEN 6
i I €5^5 fJ Con«.cli»uoa fret »ad strictly printe \
¥ h JtkLll I"*' 31 " 1 vmma\ T or b, letter. A A
f fi y M w F—lt*** Cmt» ja erety case undertaken. T
A F I ll f# Wri" for Bo"*- PBltVNiM'llV of A
V * II 1 ¦* KiRBMCE, KAU.ES FREE. f A f
A ti II- nlul^'e bock for m«-r, ) \
" DSL JORDAN" 4CO.. 1051 Market St.. S. F. Y
Anti=Pain Pills
(Dr Miles) prevent as well as cure
headache, the commonest affliction
of mankind r Carry in your pocket.
>U> ODlat** Son IuxhiIv*. There are do
*u r>*t: tub* Sold und guaranteed by all
drui:jrJv«« 21 totes f. r«- B u Never told in
I>r Mile* Mcdical Co Elkbart, Ind
White pepper is black wit %
its coat off"; different flavor, c
course. There is little deman
for it ; costs too much. Then
is only one mill in the world
Schilling's Best is its fines
product. [There's another wa\
pf getting the coat off; rotting
it off. That's cheaper. Need
%ve mention it?]
] : . ' \ ¦: APVEBTTSETVrETTTS. _ y -
AND— GTHER5.
-
The better class of druggists, everywhere, are men of scientific attainments and high integrity,
vho devote their lives to the welfare of their fellow men in supplying the best of remedies and
purest medicinal agents of known value, in accordance with physicians' prescriptions and
scientific formula. Druggists of the better class manufacture many excellent remedies, but
always under original or officinal names and they never sell false brands, or imitation medicines.
They are the men to deal with when in need of anything in their line, which usually includes
all standard remedies and corresponding adjunctsof a first-class pharmacy and the finest and
best of toilet articles and preparations and many useful accessories and remedial appliances.
The earning of a fair living, with the satisfaction which arises from a knowledge of the benefits
conferred upon their patrons and assistance to the medical profession, is usually their greatest
reward for long years of study and many hours of daily toil. They all know . that Syrup of
Figs is an excellent laxative remedy and that it gives universal satisfaction, and therefore they
are selling many millions of bottles annually to the well informed purchasers of the choicest
remedies, and they always take pleasure in handing out the genuine article bearing the full
name of the Company — California Fig Syrup Co. — printed on the front of every package.
They know that in cases of colds and headaches attended by biliousness and constipation and
of weakness or torpidity of the liver and bowels, arising from irregular habits, indigestion, or-'
over-eating, that there is no other remedy so pleasant, prompt and beneficial in its effects as
Syrup of Figs, and they are glad to sell it because it gives universal satisfaction.
Owing to the excellence of Syrup of Figs, the universal satisfaction which it gives and the"
immense demand for it, imitations have been made, tried and condemned, but there are
individual druggists to be found, here and there, who do not maintain the dignity and principles
of the profession and whose greed gets the better of their judgment, and who do not hesitate
to recommend and try to sell the imitations in order to make a larger profit. Such preparations
sometimes have the name — u Syrup of Figs" — or "Fig Syrup" and of some piratical concern,
or fictitious fig syrup company, printed on the package, but they never have the full name of
the Company — California Fig Syrup Co.— printed on the front of the package. The imitations
should be rejected because they are injurious to the system. In order to sell the imitations
they find it necessary to resort to misrepresentation or deception, and whenever a dealer passes
oS on a customer a preparation under the name of "Syrup of Figs" or "Fig Syrup," which
does not bear the full name of the California Fig Syrup Co. printed on the front of the package,
he is attempting to deceive and mislead the patron who has been so unfortunate as to enter his
establishment, whether it be large or small, for if the dealer resorts to misrepresentation and
and deception in one case he will do so with other medicinal agents, and in the filling of
physicians' prescriptions, and should be avoided by every one who values health and happiness. '
Knowing that the great majority of druggists are reliable, we supply the immense demand
for our excellent remedy entirely through the druggists, of whom it may be purchased every-
where, in original packages only, at the regular price of fifty cents per bottle, but as exceptions
exist it is necessary to inform the public of the facts, in order that all may decline or return
any imitation which may be sold to them. If it does not bear the full name of the Company-
California Fig Syrup Co. — printed on the front of every package, do not hesitate to return the/,
article and to demand the return of your money, and in future go to one of the better class ot I
druggists who will sell you what you wish and the best of everything in his line at reasonable prices.
ADVEBTISEHEXTS.
rATAPIJH THE CAUSE OF
V/Vi /\lYlf 1 1 MOST KIDNEY DISEASES
; , FRED R. PENNELL. :
*¦ " * • • '
A Prominent Pianist Went to Hot Springs for Kidney
Trouble, but Pe-ru^na Cured Him.
" Fred R. Pennell, Pianist, Grand Opera House, Hot Springs, Ark., writes:
\ "Two years ago I came to Hot Springs to take the baths and be '
treated for bladder and kidney trouble. After spending two months '
here under the care of one of the most prominent physicians and
receiving little or no benefit I was persuaded to try Peruna. I had
little faith in it, but after using one bottle I noticed a marked im~
provement. Three bottles entirely cured me. I can cheerfully recom-
mend Peruna to any one afflicted as I was." — Fred R. Pennell.
Catarrh Of the Kidneys a Common Peruna cures kidney disease. The rea-
DUpaw-Klrtnpv Trnnhlp Often FaIK son Jt cures kidney disease Is because it
uisease- Money irouaie unen rans cures catarrh . catarrh of the kidneys 13
to Be Regarded as Catarrh by Phy- the cause of most kidney disease. Pe-
; «l c lans runa cure » catarrh wherever It happens
sicians. to located It rare iy faU3# ™* *
¦ Catarrh of the kidneys Is very common D _ , . ' . . • _
indeed, it is a pity this fact is not better ™esiaent Louisiana Commercial dub.
known to the "physicians, as well as the Hon. ¦William "Watson "Washburn. presl-
people. dent of the Louisiana Commercial Club
. People have kidney disease. They tak*e **& a very well known man of New Or-
some diuretic, hoping to get better. They Iea , RS - LA - wrlte « fr °°i 637 Canal street:
never once think of catarrh. Kidney dls- am satisfied that there Is not a nner
ease and catarrh are seldom associated In Perunl° T h^? kS? P . UbU K, t^ d <, ay
the minds of the people, and alas, it is not near^twerS ye'ar^wlt^kTdne'y^^lJver
very often associated in the minds of the trouble, and at times I have been a pretty
physicians. Too few physicians recognize sick man unable to attend to my duties
catarrh ¦ of the kidneys. They doctor for "I had about made up my mind that no
something else. They try this remedy and medicine could help me. when one of your
that remedy. The trouble may be catarrh booklets was brought to my office which
all, the time. A few bottles of Peruna I read In a leisure hour. I then 'decided
would cure them. to give Peruna a trial and found that I
Peruna Removes the Cause of the S at Ust " cma tte rt6ht "- dW - tor
Kidney Trouble. .^Si'&ffS^ ffif i'wa^fa"
Peruna strikes at the very center of the young man once more. This was over a
difficulty by eradicating the catarrh from year ago and I have not had any trouble
the kidneys. Catarrh is the cause of kfi3- since.
ney difficulty. Remove the cause and you "Although I am in the seventies. I feel
remove the effect. ...With unerring accu- better and more active than I did thirty
racy Peruna goes right to the spot. The years ago."— W. W. Washburn.
kidneys are soon doing their work with If you do not derive prompt and satis-
perfect regularity. factory results from the use of Peruna
Thousands of testimonials from people write at once to Dr. Hartman. giving a
who have had kidney disease which had full statement of your case and he will
gone beyond the control of the physician be pleased to give you his valuable advice
are received by Dr. Hartman every year, gratis.
giving Perana the whole praise for mar- Address Dr. Hartman. President of Tna
velous cur€s. Hartman Sanitarium. Columbus. O.
ADVEBTIS^Twcr-WTS.
AN ARROW J$^>
>^ANTAB-"A~
|X MADE IN QUARTER 8IZE3
fit 15 CT3 .EACH OR TWO FOR 25 CT3.
ip^CLUETT. PEABODY &. CO., Ma«»«
For Stomach Disorders
. Cout and Dvsoopsia
DRINK
YieiiY
Best NATURAL Alkaline Water.
A. VIGNIEB CO., San Franciacct
__*XUTLERY
SUMMER AND WINTER RESORTS.
TUSCAN SISSSSk
Open the year round. ALL CASES • OB*
RHEUMATISM. GOUT AND BLOOD DIS-
EASES TAKEN UNDER A GUARANTEE TO
CURE IN FROM TWO TO THREE MONTHS-
TIME OR AXX. EXPENSES. INCLCDINO'
RAILROAD FARES -BOTH WATS. RE-
FUNDED. Kidney troubles. Dropsy. Diabetes.
Sto&« to the Kidney or Bladder, Catarrh of tha
Bladder. CystUl*. Diseases of th« Genito-Url-
nary Organs, Delicate Women, Skin Diseases.
Scrofula and General Debility are treated with
pre-eminent success. Any case of Malaria
cured In from ten days to two weeks. Never
a failure known. ~~
Among the thousands of cases that have been '
treated here In the last 13 years there has
never been a DEATH. Send 50c for a bottle ot
Catarrh Salts and sample of Metal .Polish.
Products of Tuscan Springs. Round-trip- tickets
at reduced rates. Inquire of any Southern Pa-
cific Railroad agent. TUSCAN MINERAL
SPRINGS CORP.. Tuscan Sprlugs. Cal.
FRANK J. HULEN. Manager.
AGUA CALIENTE SPRINGS
. OPEN "ALL TEAR ROUND. Natural ho«
sulphur springs, temperature US degrees, jf*
staging.' -Fare $1 10. Sure, cure for rheum*.
turn, asthma, kidney and liver troubles. Tok
and hot plunge baths. The largest mineral
.water swimming tank In the . State. Compe-
tent lady and gentlemen masseurs; swimming
teacher. Special ratea from now on, Peck's.
11 Montgomery st. THEODOR RICHARD3.
Afua Caliente. Sonoma Countjr.YOUNG MEN WHO ARE AC
TIVELY INTERESTED IN
UNIVERSITY AFFAIRS.
. Mrs. Mamie Smith,: ' 216% Sixth street,
who was badly burned by the explosion
of a coal oil lamp on ; the night" of Sep
tember, 29. ' died- of 1 her injuries - at the
City and County, Hospital yesterday.
Injuries Prove Fatal.
.'. ,
V /''v/,' Wednesday, -October 14.
'. - Stmr Rainier,' Hanaen, 82 hours from What
com. ,- ¦-.—.».¦ ...-•..•-.. v
'¦',<<;.' ¦> C< SAILED.
¦;':¦ i- , Wednesday, \ October 14.
• Stmr Brunswick, r Johnson. , F.prt Bragg. ; -
Stmr Cella, Nordbersr, Albion.
. ..' ' • DOMESTIC 1 PORT.
. ; - MENDOCINO-^- Arrived : Oct 14^— Stmr Phoe
nix, hence - Oct 13 «lflPaa8WW|
Late Shipping Intelligence.
VANCOUVER, B. C, Oct. 14.-A big
crowd of sporting ¦ men are coming from
neighboring cities to attend the Herrera-
Long match, which '.takes ¦ place * to-mor
row evening. Betting ? Is two to one in
favor of Herrcra. Both men are in excel
lent condition and the fight will probably
be a hard one. Herrera's manager is try.
Ing to get on a match with Hanlon In San
Francisco. , .
Herrera Is Favorite.
: v OAKLAND, - Oct.': I4.f-In ; the Lloyd will
contest ! to-day'.,' t time . ¦ was " spent -| In 7 the
reading 'of a bundle of letters left by the
late ; capitalist. Mrs. •; Lloyd^ was 'on the
standidurlng the entire day. ahd : identi
fied, the numerous epistles as being in the
handwriting of - her ¦ husband, \ after Iwhlch
they '. were read , to '„ the i court and ~. jury.
They, were ' introduced • on behalf \ of the
defense.;' Xi;-±*. '•'¦• ':'. -V.'j-f •-'-¦
Marshal ¦ H.' S. ¦ Horton j of : Berkeley tes-'
tilled 'that . he - once arrested '« Frederick
Lloyd, '. the author ¦ of > the . present " suit,*, on
the strength of; a 4 telegra.in'£rom.the;elder
Lloyd, \ who asked 1 to 1 have his,soh'arrest
ed,~as he was crazy.!' HeV stated that, while
young Lloyd was ¦ underr arrest . he .) had
been : ; given : a telegram ; stating , that .his
father, had been shot, 'and upon reading.it
he exclaimed t"My < God, he * promised ': not
to , do anything ' for twenty-four, hours I" ' /
Defense' Puts in -the Day. Going Over
Correspondence Favorable to
- ' Its Case. : : ¦> .'. .
Insolvent Contractor.
J. O. Meeker, contractor and * builder
residing in Sebaetopol, nled a petition in
Insolvency yesterday in the United States
District Court. He owes 15531 and has
31249 assets.
Son of Turkish Sultan Dies.
CONSTANTINOPLE. Oct. 14. — Prince
Ahmed Bedreddine, a younger, son of the
Sultan, died of pneumonia yesterday. ~ -.'
READ MANY ; IiETTERS
IN LLOYD WILL CONTEST
Bald Eagle iTribe No. 25, .' Improved Or
der of Red Men, will hold its annual prize
masquerade- ball next Saturday * evening
at" Native Sons' * Hall." Valuable 'cash
prlzes.wlll be given "for the best and most
original costumes and characters. .
Red Men Will Dance.
DETROIT, Oct.' 14.— Harry Forbes of
Chicago and Tommy Feltz of St. Louis
fought a ten-round draw at 116 pounds to
night before the Metropolitan. Athletic
Club. Both men were strong at the finish
and showed little signs of punishment.
Forbes did the leading for six rounds, and
then Feltz took a hand, having a decided
advantage in the seventh, eighth: and
ninth rounds. The ' last round . was fast
and furious, both men trying hard for a
knockout, but neither was able to land
the decisive punch. . ; ¦
Forbes-Feltz Fight a Draw.
The Board of Public Works yesterday
adopted the recommendation of the City
Engineer that permission be granted for
a limited period of one' year to the Union
Oil Company to maintain a spur track
on Illinois street from the main track of
the Santa Fe system. The recommenda
tion is made In view of the fact that the
epur has already been constructed and its
maintenance and use for a limited period
will not Inconvenience other interests.
Attention Is called to the fact that the
•width of Illinois street, between Sixteenth
and Seventeenth, Is 150 feet and that the
improvements of the Union Oil Company
occupy seventy feet of the easterly por
tion of this street. The company will be
required to remove its improvements from
the Btreet within a reasonable time.
The board fixed Wednesday, October 23,
at 11 a. m., as the time for -heating ob
jections to the boundaries of the district
to be assessed for changes of grades on
Parnassus avenue.
Board of Works to Require Union. Oil
Company 'to Remove Obstruc
tions on Illinois Street
, Uabilitlea— Capital paid In coin, " $19,637.
113 61: reserve fund and profit and loss. $8,203 .
068 90; . due ,v depositors. - <$«3.705.682.24; due
banks and bankers, $2,220,957 2»; 'State, coun
ty or city money." $908,372 92; other liabilities.
$1,250,725 S9; total liabilities. S9S.a2a.S2O ftx.
Resources— Bank premises. $2,434,750 IB; real
estate taken for debt. $4,178,490 43; miscella
neous stocks and bonds, $9,103,704 CO; loans on
real estate, $17,005.375 87; loans on -stocks,
bonds and warrants. $5,072.003 67; loans on
other securities, '$3,791,448 23; loans on per
sonal security, * Including ' overdraf ta, $31,257 -
324 09; money on hand. i $5,427,060 S3; due from
banks and bankers, ¦ $16,175,713 20; . other as
sets. $1,306,041 13; total resources, - $95 929 -
920 04. . -: ¦¦ ¦ •- • , • ,
Tho statement of resources of tho )53
interior commercial banks, in regard to
which ' statistics were prepared "by the
bank commissioners yesterday, I3 . as fol
lows: ¦¦ • ' , '
The State Board of Commission era re
ports that every bank In California la
enjoying unprecedented . prosperity. The
aggregate gahi3 in deposits and resources
during, the last four months amount to
nearly KOOO.OOO.y The statement of com
bined resources- and liabilities of savings,
commercial and private banks based on
the returns orSeptember S Is as follows:
' Resource*— Bank premises, JS.058.9W 33;
other real estate, $12,495,534 67; miscellaneous
stocks and bonds. J103.331.946; loans on real
estate, : $133,927,560 67; loans on stocks, bonds
and . warrants,' $38,325,598 12: loans .on other
securities, $12,944,437 71; loans on personal
security. including . overdrafts, $64,718,201;
money on hand, $22,121,527 72; due from banks
and bankers, f 40,725, 6»it 29; other assets, $3,.
16», 4S6 51; total resources, $44ti,SlS,St£ 02.
Liabilities — Capital paid in coin. $45,578,
864 74; reserve fund and profit and loss.' $3&.
843,122 04; due depositors. $345, 592,302 HI- dna
banks and bankers. $13.133,2.33 65; State, coun
ty or city money, $906,803 10; other liabilities
$.4,764,484 62; total liabilities. $44e»61S.8«3 02. >
RECOMMENDS TEMPORARY
PERMIT, FOR SPTTR TRACK
Commissioners Present
aii ; Encouraging .
Report.;
. OAKLAND, Oct.. 14. — The following
marriage licenses were issued by 'the
County . Clerk to-day: 1 Clarence J H. , Gray,
over 21, and Eva F. Knight," over 18, both
of ; Oakland; ¦ William W. , Moore, over 21,'
and ClaraE. Ellis,- over 13. :00 th of Fruit
vale ; Richard , Lane/ 36. ; Sacramento, and
Carrie J. , Bonner, 24, . Oakland ; Joseph r J.
Greaney,": over^Sl, Oakland, and Genevive
G.' HooDer.'j over 18,' San '. Francisco ; John
J. Kerrigan. 32, - San^ -Francisco. 1 ,. and
Emma'; E. ,' Miller, 29, ~ Oakland ; f. Anthony.
J.^Bertola, ; over 21,': Martinez,' and Kosio
Machio, over 18, Oakland; Edwin D. Both
well,- over " 21,* 1 and • Nellie * A.' • Meads, over
18,' both of i Oakland; Charles K.- Lindsay,
25, Chicago, • and : Viola' Behrendt, 19, New
York; Earl C. Little,*. over 21,' and' Muriel'
S.' Hughes, over. 18, both of Oakland.
Marriage Licenses. '
Kohn, it. will be remembered, died sud
denly last Friday morning 'at the .' Adler
Sanatorium. The v attending . physician,
Dr. j Gedge. and also those j in . charge of
the sanatorium displayed an extraordi
nary amount 6t reticence when speaking
on the subject, and It was" rumored .that
Kohn had taken his "own life. .The report
of the Chemist entirely ' dispels ¦ this idea.
The City Chemist reports that the ex
amination of 'the stomach "of jAbram H.
Kohn showed the presence of choral, but
not ' of '- sufficient quantity to cause his
death. \ - S^j •
Dies From Natural Causes.
PORTLAND, Or., Oct. 14. — Portland lost to
Sacramento to-day by a combination of hits
and errors in the first inning. After that the
game was an uninteresting exhibition of er
ratic fielding by both teams. ' Keefe kept his
hits scattered. , McFarlan' pitched rood ball,
but hla fielding was miserable. Score:
R. H. E.
Portland.. 0 0 2 0 0 0 2 0 0—4 7 7
Sacramento 40011000 0 — 6 7*6
Batteries— McFarlan and Arthur Anderaon;
Keete and Hogan. Umpire — Levy. '
SEATTLE, Oct. 14.— San Francisco could do
nothing with Hughes' pitching to-day. Had it
not been for his wild throw he would have
shut them out. The locals fell on Whalen for
four bits In the fifth, which, . with an error by
Shay, cave them the game. Score:
*R. H. E.
Seattle 0 0 0 0 4 0 0 0 1— S 10 1
San Francisco 0 0 0 2 0 0 0 0 0-^? k 3 2
Batteries — Hughes and Byers; Whalen and
Zearfoss. Umpire— O'Connell. • ¦'•¦;-:*;
Seattle Scores Four Buns in the Fifth
and Wins.
WHALEN PBOVES EASY.
There has been considerable coolness
between the young couple and their rela
tives since the announcement of the wed
ding, for the relatives ; object to the mar
riage on the ground that both parties are
too young. Mrs. Rudgear Is a niece of
Charles II. Butler, a wholesale merchant*
of this city, and ia heiress to one-half the
estate left by her mother,' Mrs. B.' Ardizzi,
formerly of Bakersfleld, who left property
valued at 1100,000. . The ] estate is " still * in
the hands of the young lady's guardian. , .
A secret marriage, which took place
last September at San Rafael, has Just
been made known and the friends of the
bride and groom are wondering why .they
never guessed It. \ ¦
Miss Millie A. Ardizzi. a youthful
heiress and a sister-in-law of Dr. J. M.
Kane, with whom she resided until Uwo
weeks ago, called upon her sister last
Monday and announced her marriage to
William Rudgear, the son of A. Rudgear
of the nrm of A. Merrill . & Co. of San
Francisco. . - . ."
Oakland Office San . Francisco Call,,
1118 Broadway, Oct. 14.
Jealousy Prompts Mamie Pierce- to
Seek .Death and She Takes
Deadly Potion. y-Jf^-'j:
Mamie a woman living at- 340
Stockton street, attempted suicide yes
terday morning by swallowing a quantity
of bichloride of mercury.
Jealousy^ probably caused the attempt
at 'suicide and at a late hour last night
the woman's condition '.-was pronounced as
being very grave and; the chances for her
recovery remote. ' "m^l
WOMAN ATTEMPTS SUICIDE
BY SWALLOWING , POISON
Oakland Office San .Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway) Oct. 14. .
The fifty-third annual session of the pa
cific Conference of the Methodist
South convened 'to-night at Aabury
Church and will .continue for six. days. >
Bishop Morrison of Louisville, Ky., pre
sided. The opening: sermon was preached
by Rev. J. T. French,* pastor of the Cen
tenary Church' of Saii Francisco.
A large number of delegates were pres
ent,' there being about 150 clerical dele
gates and about 500 lay delegates.
The business!- session of the conference
will commence to-morrow morning at 9
o'clock, and ' Bishop Morrison ; will '_ deliver
the opening address.
> The morning and afternoon will be given
over.' to '.the election of a* secretarv, ap
pointment of committees, reports from the
various elders and reports from the min
isters. Rev, William Acton : of Petaluma,
who has for some; time been secretary,
will probably be elected again. . ,. •:'
J Sermons , and addresses will be deliv
ered each evening during j the : conference.
Bishop Morrison will deliver the Sunday
morning sermon.
• , .The Women's Home Missionary Society
will hold'its meeting, in addition to the
regular. session of the conference to-mor
row afternoon and conclude with "another
on Friday ; afternoon. The; Foreign- Mis
sionary ..Society will, meet on; Saturday
afternoon 'and Monday .afternoon. .:•',
The conference will probably, close Mon
day. ,';."
Miss Millie A. Ardizzi
Quietly" Married' to
Wm. Rudgear.
Methodist D el eg a t e s
Gather in Annual
Session..
PHILADELPHIA, Oct. 14.— Bob Fitz
slmmons to-night failed to knock out Joe
Grim in the scheduled six rounds. The
plucky Italian, who has met many good
fighters and never beea Knocked out, was
given severe punishment and was knocked
down probably a dozen times, but was
on his feet at the end of the bout.
When the men faced each other the dis
parity in size was -marked, Fltzsimmons
towering a head above the Italian. Fitz-
Bimmons for three rounds contended
himself with chasing- Grim around the
ring with strong feints, with now and
then a light blow. In the fourth round he
began to warm to his work, and In the
fifth and sixth rounds Bob apparently
did the best he could and yet failed to
stop the Philadelphia boy.
Bound Go.
Italian Is Floored a Do/en. Times
but Stays to End of Six-
FITZSIMMONS FATXS
TO KNOCK OUT GRIM
CHURCH WORKERS
IN CONFERENCE
Ernest Sevier, an attorney and politi
cian of Eureka, is attending the Shriners'
convention and ia staying at the Grand.
G. Ray Bullln. transportation agent for
Mitchell Bras., the smelting men, arrived
from the South yesterday and is at the
Palace. •-.---•—.
Charles H. Sellers of the Agricultural
Department at Washington is among the
latest arrivals at the Occidental.
William Tule, a wealthy resident of St.
Louis, who is on his way to Japan with
his son, is at the Palace.
Walter- Parker.- assistant land agent of
the Southern Pacific Company at Los
Angeles, is at the Lick.
State Surveyor - General Victor H.
Woods _ is down from Sacramento and
staying" at "the Lickl
John Birmingham, the well-known
powder man of Pinole, Is registered at
the Palace.
C. Baring, one of the firm of Bating
Bros., bankers, of London, is at the
Palace.
Dr. T, V. Hall of Lake view, Or, is at
the Lick.
Judge E. C. Hart of Sacramento is at
the Grand.-
Dr, Merritt Hill of. Los Angeles Is at
the Palace.
Dr. J. B, Stewart of Cleveland Is stay
ing at the Grand.
Lieutenant Colonel L. W. Juilliard of
£anta Rosa is at the Lick.
J. W. Forgeus, an attorney , of Santa
Cruz, is at the California.
Dr. Lee C. Deming and wife of Oil City
are guests at the California.
Dr. Frederick Luther and wife of New
Tork are registered at the Occidental.
ST. PETERSBURG. Oct. 14. — Th« towns of
Vitebsk and Dvinsk. with tho cnrroundlnjr dis
tricts in tha government of Vitebsk and toe
town of Alexandropol. in tha government of
Ervan. have been proclaimed In "a state re
quiring increased protection."
PERSONAL MENTION.
YOUNG HEIRESS
WEDS IN SECRET
"The freshmen have played the same
teams the Stanford eleven has, met and
never been scored against," he said to
day. "The Stanford team lost its game
with the Palo Alto High School, which
we beat easily. In Dole and Weller Stan
ford has two backs' that -we will find it
hard to handle, but I think with a little
more steam we can do it. We have a
good, strong line, strong enough to hold
them, I think. I believe we are going to
win."
The committee judging of the merits of
the farce consists of Robert Hoedel, Miss
Augustine, Miss Richardson, Miss jj Mc-
Graw, R. A. Risley, W. H. Dehm, S. E.
Houghton, W. T. Hale, N. A. Stines,
Mark Daniels, N. N. Eddy and J. P. Loeb.
BERKELEY. Oct. 14.— Claude Kern, the
newly elected captain for the freshman
eleven, expects the freshmen to win the
game Saturday against the Stanford
freshmen. He bases his hopes on the gen
eral showing of the teams In the games
they have played this season and looks
for. victory, though not an easy one.
tition by' members of the junior
class at the University of California. The
farce is named "Mclnnls, or the Two
Poppers." Its synopsis has not yet been
made public. ,
Kruschke has had much experience in
dramatic work. While a student at the
Berkeley High Schol he wrote the senior
play and he took the part of Professor
James in Richard Tully's "James Wob
erts Sr."
t|-^ ERKELET, Oct. 14.— To Emil
|L2# Kruschke has been awarded the
M\ prize for writing the best farce
¦ I r<r of the many submitted in compe-
BANKS OF STATE
ABE PROSPEROUS
Stanford's two new prize, songs were
sung ¦ in public - for the first - time this
morning, and the reception 'accorded them
by the assemblage augurs well for their
popularity in the future. "The Cardinal
Song," composed by Miss Alice Kimball,
'04, was sung by Ralph H. Lachmund, '06,
and "Bum! . Bum! Bum!" written by C.
H. Baker, '04, and H. E« Bush, [05, was
rendered by-theglee club. . .. .*.- .• .
Tell Leader H. P. Kuhn, '03, announced
that from to-morrow until the day of the
big game there would be nightly song and
yell practices on the bleachers, and urged
every one to attend In order to make
Stanford's rooting a feature of' the No
vember contest. He also stated that a
rally would be held Friday night to give
the freshman team, a "send-off" on the
eve of their contest with the Berkeley
youngsters. . • .
' President Jordan's remarks, were In re
gard to the Christian Association at Stan
ford. He commended its work as at pres
ent carried on, 'particularly in regard to
the bureau for student employment, and
noted the characteristics that, college
Christian . associations should avoid. Dr.
Jordan further stated that the university
inn would soon open under .competent
management.
Professor Murray spoke of the work of
the student guild in caring for the sick
of ' the university, community, "and ex
plained the necessity of all patients pay
ing, the guild for the expenses incurred in
caring for them.' \
"Stanford Red," written by , Charles K.
Field, "95, was sung as a compliment to
the author before President Jordan in
troduced him. He was introduced as
"coming before the students' as a re
formed, poet." Field, known through. his
writings as "Carolus Ager,", dwelt on the
experiences of Stanford's "pioneer days"
and' on the . Inception of the "Stanford
spirit" and the proper way of fostering IV
The next general assembly will occur
on October 28, when Professor ! Bernard
Moses, a member of the Philippine Com
mission and professor at Berkeley, will
deliver an address on a subject connected
with the Philippine Islands.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, Oct. 14.—
The third general assembly of the college
year was held in Assembly Hall this
morning. Charles K. Field, Stanford '95,
was the ,' principal speaker; short ad
dresses being also delivered by President
Jordan and Professor A. T. Murray of the
Greek department. The assembly was
one of the- most successful ever held at
Stanford.
STUDENTS AT STANFOBD
HOLD GENERAL ASSEMBLY
John W. Barr Jr. and William F. Nor
ton, wealthy residents of Louisville, Ky.,
are guests at the Palace, their presence
in this city being in 1 the Interest of a large
estate, a portion of which Is located In
California. It was left by Captain W. F.
Norton, one of Louisville's most eccentric
bankers,, who died some months ago.'Cap
tain Norton inherited large property in
terests and several million dollars from
his father, who was a member of the
banking firm of G. W. Norton & .Co., and
a brother of Exsteln Norton, the well
known railroad magnate of New York.
During his lifetime the captain was a
heavy drinker, and finally when his health
failed he came to California with a phy
sician and a nurse. Eventually he located
in Coronado, where he built a $GO,000 cot
tage, and' there he died. In his will he
provided that his body should be cre
mated in Cincinnati, and he set aside a
certain amount of money to be used for
chartering a train to carry' his remains
and his friends to the scene of the crema
tion. His. will also provided that the cre
mation should be : attended .with merry
making instead of mourning, and that
there should be "light music and plenty
of refreshments, both liquid and solid."
Tho bulk of Norton's fortune— that is,
about $750,000— was bequeathed- to the
Louisville Baptist Orphans' Home, an in.
utitution' that had been fostered by the
deceased's father, and numerous legacies
were left to friends. The cottage'at Coro
nado was given to the wife of James L.
Frazer, former superintendent of the
coast , division of the Southern Pacific
Company.
Shortly after his death a number of the
collateral heirs gave notice of their inten
tion to contest the will on the ground that
Captain Norton was not of sound mind
when he executed it, and in support, of
tbeir contention they cited the eccentric
provisions in the instrument and recalled
the odd actions of the captain during the
latter part of his life, among them the
practice ' of wearing a policeman's uni
form on certain days when hi3 unfortu
nate acquaintance .were, invited to call
on him and recite their hard luck stories,
which usually were productive of financial
contributions from the captain.'
Barr and William F. Norton, who are
here, -are, wlth> a -Louisville trust com
pany, ; tho executors of the estate and
have been preparing to combat the con
tentions of the dissatisfied heirs, or if pos
sible to compromise.' Their visit to this
State is for the purpose of looking over
the properties of the late Captain Norton.
Executors Are Here to
Inspect Property of
' N Millionaire.
PRINCETON, N. J., Oct. 14.-The
Princeton players had to meet a hard
game to-day, but played rather Indiffer
ently, scoring only twelve points against
Lehigh. The visitors played aggressively
and three times made their downa. Prince
ton was held for downs four times, made
three fumbles at critical moments and
was penalized for holding several times.
PHILADELPHIA, Oct. 14.— The Univer
sity of Pennsylvania football eleven de
feated the Gettysburg College team to-'
day 72 to 0. The Pennsylvania players
simply toyed with their lighter and inex
perienced opponents, and went through
the visitors' line almost at win.
"NEW HAVEN, Conm, Oct. 14.— The
Holy Cross football eleven furnished a
sensation on Tale field to-day by playing
the most spectacular game of tho season
and scoring ten points against Tale's thir
ty-Fix. Tale had scored five touchdowns
and had forced Holy Cross to add a safety
to her credit in the first half. The second
half opened with a number of substitutes
on the Yale team. A cos.tly fumble by
Preston lost not only the ball, but ground.
Holy Cross failed to gain by rushing and
carried the ball toward the middle of the
thirty-yard ¦ line, where Reed dropped
back to the thlrty-flve-yard line and, with
Larkin to catch and place the ball for
him, sent' it between the posts clean and
true. Tale renewed her rushing game and
bore Holy Cross down the field to a sixth
touchdown. Five minutes later Tale again
flmbled, and from almost the same loca
tion Reed again succeeded in placing a
goal. Even Tale students cheered the
play. During the remainder of the half
Holy Cross rushed the ball far better
than Tale, and once McCarthy nearly got
a clear field to the goal after bucking his
way through for twenty yards.
CAMBRIDGE, Mass., Oct. 14.— Harvard
defeated Wesleyan to-day 17 to 6. Poor
handling of the ball marked almost -every
play and fumbles occurred in rapid suc
cession.
Sensational Playing of Holy Cross
• Eleven Is Admired by the New
Haven Enthusiasts.
YALE STUDENTS CHEER ,
RIVAL FOOTBALL TEAM
INDIANAPOLIS, Ind.. Oct. 14.-^Com
plete unofficial returns in the Indianapo
lis city, election give Holtzman, Dem..
20,394; Bookwalter, Rep., 19,656: Hitz, Pro.-
Ind., 5470. Holtzman's plurality Is 938.
Edward W. Little, Dem., is elected Judge
of the Police j Court over Thomas C.
Whallon. Rep., and present Police Judge
by a plurality of from ISA) to 800, end.
while tho vote is exceedingly close, the
indications are that William M. Fogarty,
Dem., is elected City Clerk over Thomas
J. Young, Rep., by about 150. The City
Council will probably, be Republican. It
will require the official vote to determine.
Indianapolis Council Republican.
The policeman asked wnat charge Sir.
Johnston had to maka against Mr. Crow
hurst, .who "was demanding- hi3 rights as
accorded him by the sub committee, and
on the threshold Informed the worthy
brother -that he could make no arrest
without 'first being armed with a warrant.
It was. some time before order was re
stored, but the screen had been torn down
and;. when -the juvenile member* .of.- the
Order~6f Good Hope came with 1 their Ymil
lng faces to participate in the harmony
of the evening In accordance with the
ritual of the organization there were no
beautiful pictures or allegories for them
to behold. Brother Crowhurst, though
feeling his humiliation keenly, bore up
with fortitude and was surrounded by
numerous sympathizers during: the even
ing and a programme of music and song
followed the harsh cries of "Police" and
the ripping of the screen and the remov
ing of posts. ;,: . .
Never before within "the recollection of
Good Templars had such a scene been en
acted or witnessed by members of the
order.
At 7 o'clock, one hour after the day**
meeting had adjourned, one of the mem
bers, Andrew L. Johnston, entered tha
room and demanded of Brother Craw
hurst that he remove his spotless white
sheet which served for the screen, take.
down the posts and carry away his ex
pensive lantern, which was to aid in the
exhibition of rare Good Templar pictures.
Crowhurst, who had reorganized the old
Alameda County Lodge of the Independ
ent Order of Good Templars,, which It Is
believed rather upset thd equilibrium of
some members of District No. 5,, Ledge
of San Francisco, of Which Johnston ia a
member, flatly denied Johnston's right to
interfere with his screen, his pictures or
his lantern, and demanded the privilege
given him by the sub-committee to treat
the juvenile element of the Good Tem
plar order to Illustrations so intimately
related to the "organization's labors.
Johnston, It Is said, would hear no ex
planation, but simply tore down the
screen, and there was confu3ion. demands
and ejaculations. The "janitor of 102
O'Farrell street was summoned and a
policeman was in turn called to follow
the hasty footsteps of the guardian of
the building. ! ' ¦"•¦?•-¦•'
POLICEMAN OH BECK.
THE TROUBLE BEGINS.
Cries of "Police!" scrambling, tearing
dojwn.of paraphernalia and wild disordet
In general followed the day meeting of
the Grand Lodge of the Independent Or
der of Good Templars last night at 102
O'Farrell street, where the annual sea
.sion is being held.
The day had been a busy one for tne>
delegates. ; Five hundred of the ord«r
arose early and after breakfast visited
the United States Mint, and then con
vened at their official rooms.
The evening was to be devoted to the
juveniles of the order of Good Templars,
and by request of the committee on juve
nile, work "William Crowhurst of Oakland,
one of the most indefatigable and enthu
siastic workers in the cause for which the
order stands throughout the world, la
obedience to command hoisted a sheet and
made - ready to throw upon the screen
stereopticon views of th« most Important
scenes which have been associated for
years with the work of the Templars.
•Everything for a while looked as white!
and spotless as the screen upon which the
views were* to be thrown. "While there
had been friction at the privy councils
of the order, .nothing of a serious nature
was expected at the evening meeting.
The dining hall presented a very hand
some appearance, being decorated with
choice works of art. The guests numbered
144 and included, in addition to the official
personages, a number of celebrities in the
world of literature and art.
I am happy to raise my glass to the health
of the President and the greatness and pros
perity cf France.
I know that my feelings are shared by
France and the Government of the republic.
Therefore I am doubly happy to find myself on
French soil and happy at the cordiality shown
to the Queen and myself.
King Victor "Emmanuel in reply to this
toast, thanked the French President and
expressed his delight at the hearty wel
come that he and Queen Helena had re
ceived, adding that he saw therein more
than a mere demonstration of the tradi
tional politeness of the French. His Maj
esty then continued;
France rightly considers my presence in
Parts the natural result of that work
of raxirochement hapaily accomplished be
tween the two countries. Italy's inter
est* maice her ardently desire the con
servation of peace. H«rr position in Eprope
enables her to contribute by her attitude to
the realization of this eminently civilizing re
eult. toward which my highest and warmest
aspirations a/jd the constant efforts of my
Government are directed. -
France halls your Majesty's arrival with sin
cere joy, which Joy Is doubled by the gracious
rresence of, your Queen. • With all my heart I
raise my g!ae.« In the jsanje of France and .her
Government, in honor of your Majesties, drink
ing to the glory of your reign, to your happi
ness and to that of the Queen Dowager and to
the greatness and prosperity of Italy.
. Sir, France realizes the significance of your
Majesty's vieit to the President of this repub
lic, in which li sees a striking demonstration
of the vlose agreement which, responding equal
ly to the sentiments and interests of the Italian
and French peoples, has been established be
tween their Governments. It is assured that
the two countries can henceforth pursue their
national tarkg with reciprocal confidence and
iood will.
When the royal train stopped at the
station President I>oubet cordially greet
ed the royal visitors as the band played
the Italian national anthem and while
the guard of honor^ presented arms. The
President then presented the members of
Ms suite to their Majesties. M. Loubet
and the King afterward entered a car
riage drawn by four coal black horses,
with outriders, escorted by a detachment
of cuirassiers. The appearance of the
King was the signal for enthusiastic
cheers. Through a double line of sol
oiers the President and the King, fol
lowed by Madame Loubet and the Queen
arid their suites, drove down the Avenue
du Bois de Boulogne, around the Arc de
Triomphe and along the Champs Elysee
to the Place de la Concorde, across the
bridge to the D'Orsay PaJace.
Later the Italian King and Queen drove
to the Elysee Palace to present formally
their respects to President and Madame
Loubet. - i
President Loubet this evening gave a
banquet at the Elysee Palace in honor of
the royal visitors. At the end of the ban
quet President Loubet- arose and address
ing King Emmanuel said:
PARIS, Oct. 14.— France gave a royal
reception to King Victor Emmanuel and
Queen Helena of Italy. From the moment
the train bearing the Italian sovereigns
Etopped at the Bols de Bologne until the
nation's guests were safely conducted to
their apartments at D'Orsay Palace Paris
resoupded with acclamations of welcome,
the booming of guns and the playing of
the national anthems of Italy and France.
It was a welcome which both France and
Italy can be proud of. making easier the
negotiations of the arbitration treaty
¦which is believed to be one of the ob
jects of the King's visit.
Article 3 — The present arrangement is con
cluded for a term of five years from the date
of the signing. r. . .
Article 2— In each particular case the high
contracting parties, before addressing them
selves to the permanent court of arbitration,
ithali sign a special arbitration bond, setting
forth clearly the subject under dispute, the ex
trnt of the powers of the arbitrators and the
details to be observed as regards the constitu
tion of the arbitration tribunal and the pro
cedure. '
Oonslderirg that by article 19 of that treaty
the high contracting powers reserve to them
eelvt* the rlRht of concluding: agreements with
the view to have recourse to arbitration In all
cases In which they shall consider It possible
to submit thereto, have authorized the under
signed to asree to the following provisions:
Article 1 — Differences of a Judicial order,
such as relate to the Interpretation of treaties
existing between the two contracting powers,
which may arise between them and which may
not be possible to Fettle by means of diplomacy,
shall be submitted to the permanent court of
arbitration and board at The Hague by the
convention of July 29, 1899. on condition, how
ever, that they do not involve either vital In
terests or the independence, or honor of the two
ecntractinK states, and that they do not affect
the interests of a third power.
The Government of the French Republic and
the Government of hla Britannic Maesty, signa
tories of the convention concluded at The
Hague. July 29. 1S98, ror'the peaceful settle
ment of international disputes.
LONDON, Oct., 14. — The arbitra
tion treaty between Groat Britain and
France was signed here to-day by For
eign Secretary Lansowne and ) the
French Embapsador, M. Cambon. The
text of the treaty is as follows:
', NEW YORK, Oct. 14.— All other affairs
of the political campaign were overshad
owed In interest to-day by the almost pos
itive assurance that the. factional Demo
cratic fight in Brooklyn would be contin
ued and that peace between the McLaugh
lln faction and the Tammany Hall crowd
is as far, distant as ever. McClelian de
clined an invitation to attend the Brook
lyn ratification . meeting unless .the full
Democratic ticket was indorsed, and Sen
ator McCarren called at Tammany head
quarters to express his approval of Mc-
Clellan's course.' A bitter struggle for
supremacy is predicted at the approach-,
ing meeting of the Brooklyn County com-,
mlttee, called at the instance of McCar
ren.
Tammany Hall held an enthusiastic rat
ification meeting to-night, at which the
Brooklyn delegates were not • present.
. Appeals ¦ for campaign funds were sent
out to-day by the Citizens* Union and Re
publican \ organizations.
! A committee of forty from the Greater
New York Democracy indorsed the Dem
ocratic -candidates on . the city,- borough
and county tickets at the Hoffman House
to-day and notified the candidates of their
nomination. McClelian, Grout and Fornes
responded briefly in acceptance of- the
nominations. . ,
LOOKING OVER
NORTON ESTATE
' GUAYMAS, Mexico, Oct. 14.— Jesus Car
rara, an officer of the Twentieth Mexican
Battalion, lies dead as the result of a
duel fought with Alberto Mungia, a Guay
mas •merchant. The affair took 'place
Tuesday afternoon on the outskirts of
Gaaymas.'; "'¦ The men met by\ appointment
at at spot surrounded by trees: "and un
occupied* adobe houses at the corner of
Twelfth avenue and Nineteenth street, i
They had , previously, ozT the '¦ same day,
engaged in a fight at a drinking place In
the. center of the city, when Mungia had
attempted to stab his victim. He failed
In this, as bystanders separated the men,
•but- Mungia immediately challenged Car
rara 1 : to a duel with swords. The latter
accepted the challenge, and the men, and
their seconds were ready at the appointed
hour on the spot selected. Mungia thrust
his sword through Carrara's breast at
the first fierce onslaught, killing his op
ponent, whose body was sent to the hos
pital, where it was viewed by the authori
ties, while officers hastened to place Mun
gia under arrest.
Special Dispatch to The Call..
Factional Democratic Fight
Gives No. Promise of..
The Agreement , Will Run
Five Years From Data
of Signing.
Loubet and Victor-Emmanuel
Exchange Assurances of
Friendship.
Brother Johnston Displays
.Little Love for Brother
Crowhurst.
Mexican Officer Thrusts His
Sword Through Breast of
Merchant.
Rulers and People Wel
come Italy's King
and Queen.
McClelian Declines to
Attend Ratification,
Meeting.
Stereo'pticon Screen Igj
Torn Down by Angry f
Member.
Fatal Encounter Takes
Place on Outskirts of
Guaymas.
Great Britain and Prance
Sign Arbitration
Treaty.
ROW DISTURBS
GOOD TEMPLARS
FRANCE HONORS
ROYAL GUESTS
HAGUE TRIBUNAL
TO BE RECOURSE
REMAINS AWAY
FROM BROOKLYN
DUELIST KILLS
HIS ADVERSARY
THE SAN FKANCISCO CALL, THURPDAYv PCTOBER 15 V 1903.
Emil Kruschke Makes a HitWitli i( Mclnnis, ortHeTwo
Poppers, 11 Which Has NbtYet Reached Publicity.
Freshmen Elect Kern Their New Football Captain
•i : — ; — : — ¦ — : ".',',.' . !•
STUDENT WRITER OF CLEVER FARCE
WINS THE JUNIOR CLASS PRIZE
4
COOK BOOK; OFFER TO
CLOSE OCTOBER 30.
• The Call's Cook Book prem-
ium"' bffer\ will' close on^October
30, 1903, and all readers of this
paper who desire a copy of this
household .treasure should '. not
fail to- place their order im-
mcdiately* ;••
This splendid i premium. Will
be offered to Call subscribers at
the exceptionally low} rate : of
fifty cents: per 'copy. "Out of
town orders twenty cents ad-
ditional to coyer prepayment of
transportation charges.' v
DR. PIEBCE'S "P. MM mivrfta.
Brides s^T
Are always "beau- / /fcv \
tiful» and always, • »>*<v ' V
"happy* accord-; '^^cxTV \
ing to the society i «gV«Vv\ *
reporters, and in I Va£fi\K'VVV ¦
this case the re-; Tr s nAt¥w\\5
port is mostly troe. ; Y* TgV VVv*
There may be un- • Srji% \ >
happy brides in y* \ \«
fiction, but. there \/<^*u^T«V
are few in real life. /\ 1 \\
But how hard it ia ,U*>^\ \
to look upon many (iAtjT/ 1 *
of the wives - we *%•?!.>
know, and believe w^»/
that they were -i* 5
once beautiful and .happy. Pa{n, f2»
result of womanly disease, has marred
beauty asd undermined happiness. 1
F°« WOMEN
" WHO .'CANNOT BB CURED.
. Backed trp by over a third of a ceatory
of remarkable and uniform cures, a record
such as no other remedy for the diseases
and weaknesses peculiar to women ercr
attained, the proprietors of Dr. Pierce'a
Favorite Prescription now feel fully war-
ranted in offering to pay $500 in legal
money of the United States, for any case
of Leucorrhea, Female Weakness, Prolap-
sus, or Falling of Womb which they can-
not cure. All they ask is a fair and reason-
able trial of their meus of cure. '
"I have thought for some time I would writs
you and tell you of the great improvement in
my health since taking your * Favorite Prescrip-
tion,' » says Mrs. H. 9. Jones, of Forest, N. C
" When I began its use I was ¦ physical ¦wreck
and had despaired of erer having any health
again. Could not sit up an Jay, ana was so
weak I coald not walk one quarter of a mile.
I noted a great improvement ia my health be-
fore the first bottle was used. Was suffering
with almost every pain that a woman is subject
to: had inflammation of ovaries, painful and
•oppressed periods, and other symptoms of
female disease. ¦ After taking six botties of
'. Fsnrorite Prescription,* I felt like a new per-
son. Can ride horseback and take all kiads oi '
exercise and not feel tired."
' If you are looking for a perfect laxa-
Itive try Dr. Pierce's Pleasant Pellets.
BBIDOEWOBX AT COST.' .
Whjr wear a cumbersome ' piate that cov«r*
the roof ot the mouth -when you can have teeta
without? Our .profpaaor ot. bridge work ¦ per-
sonally superintends thia work and furnishes a
written guarantee for ten year*. s
• Painless* Methods. Cleaning: 'Free*
Graduates Only.- Extraction Free.
"Week Days. 9 to 0; Sundays. 9 to 1. ,
POST-GSADUATE DENTAL CoiLEQE
San Traaci sco— 3 Taylor Street.
Oakland — 973 Wa«aing~ton Str«**..-
Bu .Tl»>_iS I!ut B«t. r.l»t ¦>-¦ > .CHIEF OFFICER OF THE BUREAU OF FORESTRY OF THE UNITED
STATES DEPARTMENT OF AGRICULTURE, WHO HAS ANSWERED
OBJECTIONS TO THE POLICY OF THE NATIONAL GOVERNMENT.
The entertainment by Oriental Rebekah
Lodge, at which the fraternal farce, "Ha-
Haelo Jocundl," la to be given for the en
tertainment and amusement of the mem
bers and friends, which was to be given
to-morrow, night, has been postponed un
til October ZL
Hebekah Farce Postponed.
The Amador and Sacramento Irrigation
and Mining- Company was Incorporated
yesterday, with a capital stock of $500,000,
of which $70,000 Is subscribed. The direc
tors and the amount of stock they have
taken are Joseph Fassler, $13,500: T. L.
Gates. $12,000: R. A. Berry, $9500: "W. H.
Chllders, $22,980; J. A. Aydelotte, $12,000,
and W. P. Hassell and C. H. Childers,
$10 each.
Capitalists Form New Company.
Notary Public A. K. Daggett, who was
accused by Edward Murphy of aiding and
abetting Attorney W. T. Kearns in his
efforts to defraud the late Jane Canney,
his aunt, keenly feels Murphy's charges,
which were made In a suit filed by Mur
phy In the Superior Court Tuesday. He
says that they are unjust to him and Im
plicated him without any reason or cause.
In explaining his connection with the
case yesterday Mr. Daggett said:
I never wu a party to any scheme such as
Murphy alleges. It Is true that Mrs. Canney
Mgned a power of attorney, or. rather, maje
h«r mark, before me In my capacity as a no
ta¥y, but I knew of no reason why she should
not. as I understood that Kearns wa« manajr
ing her affairs. When I affixed my seal to the
paper, I axked her If she knew what It was
she was pignlnc and If *he was acquainted with
the purport of the document, and she told me
that she wa*. It Is true she was sick but the
making of a power of attorney under such cir
cumstances ia a very common thing. Hun
dreds are made under Just such circumstances
There was nothing; done to lead me to think
that the old lady was being robbed and the
first I knew that such an allegation had been
made was when I read The Call thjs morning
Notary Public A. K. Daggett Avers
He Did Not Scheme to Defraud
Jane Canney.
SAYS HE IS WBONGFUIXY
ACCUSED IN MURPHY'S SUIT
FOR the first time since the be
ginning of the long drawn out
controversy relative to the mak
ing of huare forest reserves in
California Gifford Plnchot, chief
forester of the Bureau of Forestry of the
United States Department of Agriculture,
has taken occasion to answer all objec
tions to the policy of the National Gov
ernment. Millions of acres have been
added to the forest reserves in Northern
California within a few months and all
timber bearing counties in the State, to
gether with the agricultural ones, have
taken a lively interest In the proceedings.
The object of the. Government in making
forest reserves is always and everywhere, as
President Roosevelt has said, "the making and
maintenance of prosperous homes." In other
words, forest reserves are made for the • use
Forester Pinchot's exposition of the pol
icy of tbe Government" was drawn out
by a letter addressed to him by T. C.
Friedlander. secretary of the California
Water and Forest Association. The ob
jections that have come to the knowledge
of the forester are discussed separately,
the objection being first stated and
the discussion following. Preliminary to
the discussion Forester Plnchot sets forth
the general policy of the Government in
the making of forest reservations as fol
lows:
In his complaint he alleges that his wife
has never let slip an opportunity to In
sult and humiliate him. He says that she
has neglected his interests to such an ex
tent that his home life has been devoid of
any semblance of happiness. Frequently,
he says, he has had to leave the house to
avoid the effects of her wrath. She would
not prtpare his meals, he complains,
neither would she attend to his wants as
should a true and loving wife. His ef
forts to reform her were met with scorn
and derison. he alleges, and she would
add insult to injury by calling 4iim a
"bow-legged runt" and many other names
calculated to cause him the keenest
mental agony.
Emma A. Evans, who was married to
Samuel Evans at Wichita, Kans., Just
five years ago, claims that her matri
monial venture has also proven a fail
ure. In her suit for divorce she avers
that it is because of her husband's treat
ment of her that she is unhappy. She
asks for a decree on the ground of
cruelty, alleging that last July, while they
were living on Clay street, he struck,
choked and cursed her.
Katherine M. Howard wants a divorce
from Benjamin F. Howard for neglect
and Fred Hansen Is seeking a divorce
from Louisa Hansen for desertion. Suits
were also tiled by Lillian B. Smith
against Charles E. Smith for desertion,
Adele C. Sullivan against Florence M.
Sullivan for cruelty, John A. Byrne
against Minerva Byrne for desertion, C.
H. Rogers against Lizzie E. Rogers for
Intemperance, Timothy Danahar against
Bridget Danahar for Intemperance, and
Nora Iverson against Ola Carist Iverson
for desertion.
Mamie Davidson wants her former hus
band, Alonzo Davidson Jr., punished for
contempt of court for failing to pay her
$30 a month alimony, as he was ordered to
do when she secured a divorce from him
last August. She says that he is amply
able to do so, but spends his earnings for
luxuries and in personal adornment, leav
ing her to earn a living for herself and
chiW by working in a cloak house. She
says she Is now too 111 to work and is
forced through his neglect to depend upon
charity.
Judge Troutt annulled the marriage of
Florence G. Devens to Thomas G. Devens.
Interlocutory decrees of divorce on the
ground of desertion were granted to Mary
L. Walton from Richard H. Walton, F.
C. Wheeler from- Frances Maud Wheeler,
and Catherine Murasky from Charles G.
Murasky. :"-' : '
Leila E. Biedenbach recently secured a
divorce in San Luis Obispo from Fred
Biedenbach." The charge was cruelty.
The plaintiff was allowed to resume her
name. Smith, and was given the custody
of their one child, Irving F. Biedenbach.
William R- Hamilton Is a very unhappy
individual. He dates his unhapplness
from tbe day of his marriage to Maude
Hamilton at Los Angeies five years ago.
In a complaint for divorce filed by him
yesterday he says that ever since she
became his wife he has lived a life of
misery and all because of his diminutive
size.
W. R. Hamilton Says
They Are Too Bitter
to Suit Him.
WOULD ESCAPE
WORDS OF WIFE
Golden We-Ft Camp of the Woodmen of
the World and the California Cycling: Club
have arranged to give a Joint entertain
ment on Saturday next in Eintracht Hall
for the purpose of entertaining their many
friends. The programme will be made
up of vaudeville numbers and athletics, as
well as cycling.
"Woodmen and Cyders.
Objection — That the. forest Is unnecessary
to regulate the flow of streams, but. on the
contrary, wastes the water by absorblnz It.
Answer- — 1». has been proved by the experience
of all mankind, not only in the United States
but throughout the world, that the forests
do regulate the streams. This truth Is. held
most nrmly by the reclamation service of the
United States Geological Survey, which is the
best authority on the subject In the United
States. Those who hold that the forest does
net resulate the flow of streams or that the
trees absorb more water than they save, are
simply mistaken. Careful local studies by the
agents of the bureau of forestry • in Northern
California definitely confirm this view.
Objection — That, through insufficient appro
priations or otherwise, the forest reserve ser
vice is likely to be inefficient, so that the
people will suffer. Answer — It is true that
there have been many faults in the forest re
serve service hitherto. Many of thofe faults
have already been corrected. When the care
of the reserves is transferred to the bureau
of forestry they will be managed with a full
knowledge of local conditions and their value
to the people will steadily Improve. Congress
recognizes their usefulness more and more and*
it becomes^ easier year by year to get appro
priations for forest work.
The distinction between forest reserves and
national parks should be kept clearly in mind.
A notional Dark is. a sort of outdoor museum
of beautiful things. A forest reserve is a
factory where wood, water and graes are pro
duced for the men who need them. ¦
Finally, the forest reserves will check and
in the end prevent, forest fires. In other
words the timber upon them will be used,
not destroyed, and it will be succeeded by more
timber to be used In the same way. They will
promote, not check, the immediate permanent
development of the country, but they are op
posed to the flash in the pan policy which
would sacrifice ' the real good . of any region
to a temporary boom with its disastrous con
sequences. They favor and assist the home
maker and every solid Industry, but not the
speculator. Just so far as their ' object and
working are really understood th«y> are favored
by the people of the "West, and I have no doubt'
whatever that the same will be true In North
ern California.
FLOW OF STREAMS.
Objection — That the prolific growth of young
trees after cutting makes forest protection un
necessary— Answer — It is true that natural
reproduction is prolific In Northern California,
but vast areas of forest land have been con
verted into chaparral by wasteful cutting fol
lowed by rcoeated flres. Forestry will keep
such lands producing: trees instead of brush.
There ts no auestion which Is the more de
sirable. Cutting under the principles of for
estry Is practicable. We know that this is true
because such cutting Is actually going on with
success under all sorts of conditions in differ
ent parts of the United States and over large
areas. •
INVESTMENTS CONSIDERED.
Objection — That investmen of capital in rail
roads and power plants would be discouraged.
Answer — The success of power plants neces
sarily depends on continuous water supply and
on the holding of the eoil by the forest to pre
vent the silting up of reservoirs. Power plants
are much more likely to locate on stream*
whose headwaters are protected by fores % re
serves than elsewhere. Provision for the right
of way for railroads through forest reserves Is
made by law. as well as for canals, ditches,
telegraph lines, etc. So much timber ia held
in private hands where the railroads are con
templated that the creation of forest reserves
would probably not retard their construction
even if no provision were made for the sale of
forest reserve timber. As it is, the Govern
ment understands perfectly that timber from
certain regions cannot be cut unless large
bodies are made available at one time, and
the law provides ample means • for dealing
with this matter. Transportation facilities are
very desirable for the successful management
of forest reserves.
Objection — That livestock interests will be
injured by restriction?., the reduction of num
bers, etc. Answer — The DOlicy of the Govern
ment is to use the forage products of the re
serves, and they are being so used every
where. The Government is anxious to pre
vent the destruction of the stock industries by
overgrazing and the consequent loss to public
and private interests. Durins the present sea
son 1,151,278 sheep and 459.137 cattle and
horses were grazed on forest reserves under
regulations. Special attention Is being given
to the stock Industry In the examination of the
proposed reserves by the Bureau of Forestry,
whose policy is to guard the interests of small
owners and resident owners of stock with
peculiar care.
Objection — That the withdrawal of large
bodies of land from sale and settlement will
keep homeseekers away and that much of the
withdrawn land will grow fruit trees success
fully after the timber Is removed,. Answer —
The policy of the Government is distinctly
against the inclusion of agricultural lands In
forest reserves? In this connection I repeat
that the lines of the withdrawals were never
intended to be the lines of the permanent re
serves. If lands not now thought suitable for
agriculture are Droved to be so later on pro
vision Is made for opening such lands to set
tlement and no harm will have been done by
their temporary protection.
Objection — That mineral development will be
retarded by the reserves. Answer — The min
eral land laws apply equally within the re
serves and outside, except that large users of
timber are required to purchase it from the
Government under permit. Fear is expressed
that red tape will interfere with the prompt
issuance of permits and that development will
suffer. The rezulations meet the case fully
and this fear Is unfounded. The forest reserve
service is acting more and more promptly and
will continue to improve In that direction,
especially when the care of the reserves Is
transferred to the Bureau of Forestry., which
seems likely to happen during the coming win
ter. For example., in the Black Hills forest
reserve, the mining interests unite in support
of the reserve, because they have come to seo
clearly that successful mining depends on a
permanent timber supply. Further, the crea
tion of reserves prevents locations under the
timber and stone act but not under the mining
laws.
MINERAL DEVELOPMENT.
- Objection — That large owners of timber lands
will denude thetr lands and then exchange
them for valuable timber lands elsewhere, and
that here again the counties will lose the
taxes. Answer — Taxes on denuded lands un
suited for agriculture are necessarily- very
small. Denuded lands are often very suitable
for forest reserve purposes, for the reason
given. Where denuded lands are necessarily
included within forest reserve boundaries, their
owners are at present given the right to ex
change for more valuable lands outside, which
Is to be regretted. The friends of forest re
serves have repeatedly attempted to limit the
exchange to lands of equal value. Even if
they should fail, the opportunity to take up
valuable timber lands Is rapidly disappearing.
If the timber on thousands of square miles of
land now covered with chaparral had been cut
under proper regulations, those lands • would
carry Instead valuable stands of timber and
would be permanent sources of wealth to the
counties in which they He. It would have
been Immensely to the advantage of every
timber county in Northern California if such
regulations could have been applied from the
beginning.
Objection — That large areas of land unsuited
for forest reserves now owned by the Southern
Pacific Railroad Company have ' been included
in the withdrawals, that the creation of the
reserves will permit the company to exchange
these comparatively worthless lands for valu
able lands elsewhere, and that the surrender
of such lands to the Government will injure
the county revenue by the amount of the taxes
paid upon them. Answer — Lands not suitable
for forest reserve purposes will not be in
cluded in reserves. But since forest reserves
are for permanent use, lands temporarily de
nuded of their timber may be very valuable
for forest reserve purposes. Brush and chap
arral are of great importance as protectors
of water supply- The benefit to any county
from the full conservative use of its resources
through the forest reserves will far more than
make up for any loss in taxes As shown In
its dealings with the Santa Fe Railroad Com
pany in Arizona, it is the policy of the Gov
ernment to exchange for lands of equal value
where railroad lands are unavoidably included
in forest reserves.
Having stated these, general facts about the
reserves, let me take up the specific objections
to the reserves In Northern California, as I
have been able to gather them. Some of these
objections are based on the assumption that
the lines of the withdrawals are Intended to be
those of the permanent, reserves, if such are
created. The fact is that the withdrawals
were made simply to give time for a more
careful examination of the lands, and that
they were never Intended to represent the
boundaries of forest reserves. Otherwise the
five men from the Bureau of Forestry who are
now examining 1 these lands in Northern Cali
fornia would be wasting their time.
In view of the Importance to this State
that all phases of the forest reserve
question should have all the light pos
sible thrown upon it the views and state
ments of Forester Plnchot are given here
with in full:
THE RAILROAD LANDS.
•f th« people and' for no other reason.
If It will not toe more useful to the people
of Northern California to make forest reserves
there than not to make them, then not a sin
gle reserve should be made in that region.
Provision is made In the law and in the reg
ulations for the use of every resource of every
forest reserve. ¦ The idea that the making^" of
a forest reserve ties up any resource 1» wholly
and absolutely mistaken. It ia true that the
law now prevents the export of forest reserve
timber from the State In which It Is cut, but
repeated efforts have been made by the friends
of the forest reserve policy in Congress to
change that law, and they will doubtless suc
ceed In the near future. I want to repeat that
the forest reserves are • for use and that all
their resources are available for development.
This Is true whether we consider the interests
of California as a whole or of Northern Cali
fornia alone, or whether we take the narrow
est local view. - . .
GIFFORD PINCHOT DEFINES AIMS OF GOVERNMENT
IN THE MATTER OF CREATION OF FOREST RESERVES
He States All the Objections He Encounters in
California, Where Millions of Acres Are Set
Aside, and Reasons From Official View Point
THE SAN FBA1SCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, OCTOBER 15. 1903.
5
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
\\ BLACK SILKS—BLACK SILKS
Great Black Silk Sale
Commences TO-DAY.
THE BEST VALUES IN FINE BLACK SILKS EVER
OFFERED TO THE WOMEN OF SAN FRANCISCO
125 pieces splendid Black Taffetas, Peau de Soies and Satin Luxors, In
ell widths, at from 25 per cent to 33 1-3 per c«»nt below the regular prices.
At 70c yard— 1.000 yards heavy 27-inch one-dollar Taffeta at 70c yard.
At SOc yard — 20 pieces excellent quality 36-Inch Taffetas; regularly
I1.2S yard.
j At 95c yard — 12 pieces rich, splendid 36-inch Taffeta; regularly $1.35 yd.
At $1.25 yard — 20 pieces our standard $1. 60 36-lnch Taffeta, at 51.25 yd.
And about 50 additional pieces of vaxving widths and qualities, com-
rrisinp most elepant French and Swiss Glace Taffetas, all averaging one-
thlrd below regular prices.
....BLACK PEAU DE SOIE....
20 pieces superb gTade of heavy, rich finish black Pesu de Sole. 24
Inches •wide, at $1.00 yar&. A quality that is generally sold at $1.50 a
yard. Sale price, $1.00 yard.
At SI -25 yard — About 750 yards of our standard $1.75 Satin Luxor.
! suitable for fine coats and dinner gowns. A beautiful silk fabric at $1.25
! yard.
i Sale *ZZru~ i2S*H£ I Greatest SilK
I Commences >IUl^.<B&^^SM Bargains
To-Day, Ever Offered
I Thursday, KUNTj&rt^^uTrtRjT^r in
8 Morning — bc*"*"^ San Francisco
9 BLACK SILKS—BLACK SILKS
PBAGEBS
I Gr66n §
1 1 Given on All Purchases. |
I Summary of Specials: I
I Women's coats, suits, skirts, waists and petti- 1
I coats at one-half regular price. |
1 1 Fine fifty-cent cushion cord and tassel at 24c. p
| Women's handkerchiefs at a great reduction. f\
U Three dollar and fifty-cent men's shoe for £2.85. h
I , Millinery at a big saving. |
1 | * AI>VATrt?REUABLE j |
§ P 1238- 1250 MARKET STi***"* |
AMUSEMENTS.
if*dft! IIRflBIA SHFMESCB'J
S^iPiaUfvS&liM IEACIHQ TKEAT&
LAST FOUR NIGHTS.
MATINEE SATURDAY.
.THB WORLD'S MUSICAL HIT.
! . . .*-*? ¦¦-.--.¦.-. ..
LAST TIME NEXT SUNDAY NIGHT.
Beginning NEXT MONDAY.
Robert Edeson
In Richard Hardlns Davis*
SOLDIERS OF FORTUNE.
Stage Version by Augustus Thomas.
SEATS NOW READY.
ifALi3FORNl]\
j LAST THREE NIGHTS. Jff"%
' EDWARD- GARVIE
In Broadhnrst & Currle's Musical Farce,
MR.JOLLYOFJOLIET
SUNDAY
The Perennial Favorite,
"IN OLD KENTUCKY."
TWith Us Famous Pickaninny
I Band and Realistic I jp 85 *
IJ Horse Race. IB—
HE.ATR1J
Belasco & Mayer, Proprietors.
Market st.. Near Eighth. Phone Sooth 533.
TO-NIGHT— ALL THIS WEEK.
MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY,
Hoyt's Most Famous Comedy-Drama,
A MIDNIGHT BELL
Presenting the Eminent Comedian,
U. R. STOCK.WELL,
In His Great Original Character oS
DEMCON TIOD.
Brilliant Cast! Magnificent Scenery!
DDIfEC Evenings 10c to SOc
I niWE3 Matinees 10c. 15c. 23c
Monday. October 10— "RANCH 10."
A T /"^ A ry A T^ Belasco & Mayer.
ALCAZAR E pr s
General Manacer.
"THE BEST STOCK COMPANY
EVER AT THE ALCAZAR"
SAYS THE CALL.
TO-NIGHT -This Week Only,
A. W. Pinero's Beautiful Comedy Drama,
Lady Bountiful
Eve.. 25c to 75c; Mats. Sat. & Sun.. 15c to <f6c.
MATINEES NEXT SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
Next Mon. — Clyde Fitch's Comedy Drama.
THE COWBOY AND THE LADY.
THE THIRD RECITAL of the Season Will B«
Given at 3 D. m..
Saturday, October 17th
STBINWAY^HALL
MR. PERCIVAL K. VAN YORX will pro-
side at the oiar.o with the aid of
THB ANGELUS
The Soloist of the Occasion "Will B*
MR. HOMER HENLET. Barytone.
Complimentary tickets may be had at th^
store any time before the recital. SHERMAN,
CLAY &. CO.. Kearny and Sutter sts.
PACIFIC COAST LEAGUE.
RECREATION PARK.
EIGHTH AND HARRISON
CHAMPIONSHIP GAMES.
THURSDAY AND FRIDAY. 3 P. M.; SAT-
URDAY. 3 P.M.
SUNDAY 2:30 P.M.
> OAKLAND vs. LOS ANGELES
LADIES* DAYS THURSDAY AND FRIDAY.
Advance Sale. S Stockton St
AMUSEMENTS.
MONSTERJlfw SHOW!
Coloxnbino; Sisters Rappo; Threa
Crane Brothers; Wallace Brovsm-
low; A. P. Bostow and Golden Gate
Quartet and Fanny Winfred. Last
times of Clayton White and Marie
Stnart Company; Pantzer Trio and
Wood and Bay.
Reserved Sfats 25c!BaIcony 10c
Box Seats and Opera Chairs 30c
TIVOLIS55B.
(NOTE — Performances begin at 8 sharp;
Saturday matlr.ee at 2 sharp.)
TO-XIGHT.
Saturday Matir.ee and Sunday Night.
GREAT DOUBLE BILL,
-'Cavalleria Rusticana"
"I'PacHacci."
Friday and Saturday Nights, '-'¦ •
"MIGNON."
Next "Week — "LA BOHESIE" and "ANDRB
CKEXITTR."
Special VERDI NIGHT on TUESDAY".
©RAN_D8o£i'-?
Only Cleopatra Zlatiaee Sezt Saturday.
LAST THREE NIGHTS
The Burlesque Extravaganza
CLEOPATRA
Bothwell Browne as Cleopatra.
Iff A CLEVEfc CHILDREN |£A
lOU IN THE CAST lOU
pnirrc Rrentnss 15c. 23c. 50c. 73c
IA1WE3 Matinees 13c. 23c. 50o
Bsfcinninft Next Sunday Matinee.
CATHRLNE COUNTISS and
ASA LEE WILLARD ia
THS CHRISTIAN.
BREEZY AND CLEAN. BRIGHT LINE3,
CATCHY SONGS. BEAUTIFUL MARCHES.
The Best of All Musical Comedies.
| THE F»/\ tv/\DE RS j
Our "All-Star" Cast, Includtog-
KOLB AND DILL.
BARNEY BERNARD.
WINFIELD BLAKE.
HARRY HERJISEN,
MAUDE AMBER.
ELEANOR JENKINS.
Reserved Seats — Nights, 23c. BOo and 73c;
Saturday and Sunday Matinees. 23o and 60c.
Children at Matinees. 10c and 23c.
IllSh-CIass Specialties Every After-
noon and Evening In the Theatre.
TO-NIOHT
GALA AMATEUR PERFORMANCE
Concludlns WlUi
NEW LIVING PICTURES.
LION SLATDJO BABOON IN THE ZOO!
VISIT THE
"MYSTIC MIRROR MAZE"
ADMISSION 10c \ CHILDREN Ba
>*iH<?>;TfT.ATn;oxr3 AlawJUBJaltjl'l'S.
Tbe Great Pianist*.
BLUMENFELD. Violinist.
LTBXC HAtlr— TO-JTIOHT
and Saturday Matinee.
Reserved Seau. 73c. 41, 91 50. at Sherman,
OENEBAi ADMJSSIOST — 5O CX3TTS.
To-Xoxrow Hlynt — Unitarian Cliurclx,
Oakland.
WEEKL^ CIll
16 Pages. SI pcrYeax*.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Arc Kept Off the
Operating Table by
Electro-chemistry.
MIS. MARY RIVEST.
£22 Forty-fourth Street. Oakland.
Mr*. Rive«t fays: "About one year ag-o 1
*ras taken with a severe attack of rheumatism.
1 *a? confined to my bed lor five months. Hy
left l*r became paralyzed and there was no
ctnrulalion of blood In It.
"My physicians were afraid of pan^rene and
c<ivi*e<i cutting eff the leg. I don't believe I
eoold have lived through the operation and be-
frr<? Ftibmlttinc to It I deolded to try the Elec-
tro-Chrmic treatment. Electro-Chemistry hasi
nxred n-.«: it has kert me off the operating
tab'.e, and I am duly thankful and am glad to
cake this public acknowledijner.t of ray cure. 1 '
CONSULTATION ff" O 57 C"
X-RAY EXAMINATION f IlLL
Specialties — Consumption, Catarrh,
Broac&itii, Asthma, cancers, Tmnors,
Sealness, Head and Ear Soises, Shen-
siatism, Paralysis, Venralgla, Piles, Sis-
eases of tbe Sicsiach, Liver, Kidneys and
Bowels. Special Diseases of Men and
'Xomes. All Chronic Diseases.
HOME TREATMENT- K yon lire at a dis-
tance, try to come lor a personal examination.
If you can't cojr.e, write for Instructions for
hoice exair.!r.aticn ar.d treatment.
ELECTRO-CHEMIC INSTITUTE,
118 GBA2TT ATE, Cor. Post St.,
SAXT PBAJTCZSCO.
\ Office Hour?— !> a. m. to 5 p. m. and 7 to S
;>. m. daily; Sundays, 10 a. m. to 1 p. m.
apartments for ladles and gentlemen.
THIS DLUE SICNATURE
BEWARE OF 'JUST AS COODs\
g * m \__\ iwiiii^
Pure. Pale «nd SporkCns- Bottled |
Only at the Brewery in St. Loids. |
J SOLO EVERYWHERE, |
i H:i.. it .,.T MERCANTILE CO.. H
\ Va<-in> Co«»t Acent». K
Palace dont fail to
rdidtc gee the beautifnl
COURT Lounging
3nfl room, the EMPIRE
uuu PARLOR, the
(Z~~~A PALM ROOM, the
linMu LOUIS XV PAR-
LOR, and the LA-^
Ifrtl.U DIES* WRITING
Hotels room.
Headache Cured
and prevented by Dr. Miles' Anti-
Pain Pills, unequalcd for., neuralgia,
toothache, backache, etc. No opiates.
Nia la*atirr. N>»er>old In l»ul»c. Nnrl for
fr.-* Ixxik on I he **om of hcadai.-li*. r. d..***
2i«-en»« hold *n<]ru:trantcr>n It. all «Jr<i_-L-i«t!>
I'M Mli.ES MlMCALCn.. Elkliart. Ind.
ADVERTISEMENTS. *
1 S&n KninciFCo, Thursd&y, 1*> October, 1903.
Weathered qak
library table-
thirty dollars
Few tables arc made better than this one — not
many are of more graceful design. No idea of the finish
is given in picture, of cob rse, but you will find that this
detail conforms with the superb construction and tends
to make a very rich, attractive library table. Made of
oak, weathered finish, with a large drawer. Forty-four
inches long, twenty-six inches wide and thirty inches
higb. Price £30.00. ¦
Quality reigns supreme in our carpet store. You
can buy, any grade we/carry with absolute security and
choose from the very best patterns turned out by the
mills.
There's one kind of carpet that you will not find
here, however — it is the "printed" kind. Every yard
of carpet we sell is "dyed in the yarn" goods. Come in
and see the Tapestry Brussels we are offering at 75 ,
cents — sewed, lined and laid.
(Formerly the California Furniture Co.)
957 to 977 Market Street, San FranciscoDennis Jordan Laid to Best.
The remains of the late Dennis Jordan,
the well known contractor, were laid to
rest yesterday at Holy Cross Cemetery.
The body was removed from the late res
idence on Webster street to Sacred Heart
Church, where the funeral services were
read. The pall bearers were J. Mahony,
.J. Reilly, Captain T. Barnbridge. John
Mason, Felix Mulgrew, James Kerwin,
William Walker and J. Klnne.
Eppingers Assigned Note.
The American National Bank, holders
of a promissory note for $564 20 given by
the firm of E. W. Jones & Co. to Ep
pinger & u'o. last October, filed a suit
yesterday to recover the amount of the
note. The note was assigned to the plain
tiff by the kppingers.
In a florid address, beautifully sprinkled with gen
eralities on American progress and destiny, Bourke
Cockran recently declared that divorce is the destruc
tive agency in our civilization, and if a choice must
be made between divorce and polygamy give us
polygamy as the milder of two evils. Mr. Cockran
evidently forgets the interesting fact that the Ameri
can public, not including Mormons, indulge both
divorce and polygamy with equal toleration and ap
parent satisfaction.
For the Bankers* convention no ex
penditures will be made for public decora
tions, but it is desired and expected that
th* occasion will be recognized and
marked by the display of the national
flag on public and l-ommerclal buildings
and private residences. Appeal is made
by the Bankers' executive committee to
all citizens to fly the American banner
from every flag pole in the city dining
the days of the convention, October £0 to
23, inclusive, and to further aid the com
mittee in giving greeting and welcomo to
the guests.
To Welcome the Bankers.
in San Francisco last evening. His play
ing is creditable, showing a good tone
and much warmth of cplor. Fred Maurer
was more than acceptable, as usual, as
accompanist.. The Rubinstein trio went
slightly too heavy In parts, but on the
whole was acceptable. Arthur Weiss
played the cello. The programme was as
follows:
D major Prflude and Fugu* (Ftach); violin
soli, 1, "Ko« Nldrel" (Max Broch>; 2. "Sere
nade" (Haydn): 3, Sarabande. "Bouree'F
(Bach); I. "Air Savoyard" (Vieuxtemps); ,1,
"R«verl*!" < Vieuxtemps); 6. Romanze #t Rondo
Elegant* (WUmiawskl): Caprlcci". B minor
(Brahms): -Nocturne, F'sharp minor (Chopin);
Scherzo C sharp minor (Chopin) ; Romance,
A minor (Tschalkowsky); Etude. D flat major,
and Polonaise, E major (Liszt); Rubinstein
trio in B flat major.
Townsend's California glace fruits and
candies. 50c a pound. In artistic fire
etched boxes. A nice present for Eastern
friends. 715 Market st.. above Call bids. •
Special Information supplied daily to
business houses and public men by tne
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 233 Cali
fornia street. Telephone Main 1042. ; •;
The exhibit of California at the St. Louis Exposi
tion is fast maturing in all its wonderful and splen
did variety. It now rests with our people to show
that within the borders of our State we possess all
that may contribute to the well-being of civilized,
cultured, progressive society, a wealth of unending
resource in the arts of civilization.
ART IN SCHOOL GROUNDS.
ONE of the gratifying features of the municipal
campaign is the evidence notable almost
everywhere of a determination on the part of
the people to get rid of the class divisions that dis
turbed the community in the campaign of two years
ago and get back to straight politics. It has been
noted by careful observers of the drift of popular sen
timent that the contest is already virtually narrowed
down to an issue between Crocker and Schmitz, as
the voters feel that Lane represents merely a ma
chine — that he is a perfunctory candidate nominated
not in the hope of victory, but solely that the faction
back of him may control the Democratic organiza
tion in the campaign of next year.
It is fortunate for San Francisco that at this junc
ture in her affairs she has a citizen of the capacity and
public spirit of Henry J. Crocker to come forward
and undertake a canvass for the mayoralty. The city
needs the service of just such a man in that office.
The desire of the people to begin a new era of mu
nicipal development has been amply demonstrated by
the big vote in favor of issuing bonds for public im
provements. That vote meant progress and enter
prise. It meant a wish for an administration that
will work with efficiency and with economy, trans
forming the city into a new and greater San Fran
cisco, with a thoroughly metropolitan equipment of
streets, sewers, parks, schools and municipal insti
tutions of all kinds.
Had such an aspiration on the part of the people
been confronted by a municipal campaign in which
there was no candidate bigger than the representa
tive of a faction, none with a capacity for direct
ing large affairs and managing business on a scale of
llrst-class magnitude, the situation would have been
very unfortunate. We should have had to enter upon
our new era with a feeling of doubt and hesitation.
There would have been a widespread fear that the
hopes of the people would be baffled and the funds
voted for improvement be wasted by reason of the
incapacity of the men who would have charge of the
ia<k of inaugurating the work during the coming
two years.
The candidacy of Henry J. Crocker puts an end to
ail fears of that kind and affoTds all conservative
citizens a leadership which can be frankly accepted
without regard to party affiliations. He is one of
the foremost business men of the State and has
achieved notable successes in many lines of work.
Of the younger business men of the time none is
more widely or more favorably known. The work he
prrformed in the redemption of the wine industry of
the State is of itself sufficient to attest his capacity
and his energy in the management of complex busi
ness affairs. No part of the work of administration
on municipal business will require greater sagacity
or greater executive ability than Mr. Crocker has
displayed time and again in the great enterprises he
-has carried to success, and accordingly the conserva
tive elements of the community can support him
with a firm assurance that he can be counted on in
office to take care that every dollar of public rev
enue is expended in a manner that will bring to the
city its full value.
From this time on the trend of popular sentiment
in favor of Mr. Crocker may be expected to become
more and more noticeable. It is important that it be
so, for the taxpayers and the conservative working
men of the city cannot afford to divide their votes
between two candidates at such an emergency as this.
The discontented elements of the population are not
so strong as they were two years ago, but they are
still formidable. A divided conservatism means a
new triumph for the Ruef and Schmitz machine. The
city would be again delivered over to a faction whose
leaders would not keep faith even with one another,
and the scandals of the past two years would be
greatly magnified in the two years that are to come.
The issue is plain. There is an important munici
pal work to be done, and Henry j. Crocker is the
•-ole mayoralty candidate who has the capacity, the
training and the experience to rightly perform it.
It is now for the people to intrust the work to the
right man, and to aid him in performing it by electing
with him his colleagues on the Republican ticket, so
that he can have an harmonious administration.
Langley's airship ha? gone to smash, but he still
has his courage and his confidence in the ultimate
realization of his dream of years ai.d labor and
money. The qualities of success^ to which he still
holds tenaciously are perhaps better than any that
were incorporated in the defunct machine that failed
to rule the air.
THE Stockton Independent commends the Board
of Education because it has offered prizes for
competitive plans to be frfrnished .by landscape
gardeners for the improvement of the grounds of the
Stockton High School. The Independent says that
the action is unprecedented.
Contemplation of a vista of the grounds in ques
tion, as presented through the realistic outgivings of
the writer of the article, indicates that not. only is
the proposition new, but that conditions in Stockton
generally are novel. Many things are best shown
by means of contrast. Advocacy of a plan to im
prove the grounds of the public schools in San Fran
cisco, for instance, would excite derision for the most
part, for very few of our schools have as much as a
grass plat of even limited size. There is a "ribbon
of green'" that flanks pleasantly the Girls' High
School on Geary street. In nearly every public school
in San Francisco the children are so numerous and
the school yards are so small that the children are
forbidden to move faster than a walk in the inclosures
at recess time. If they transgress this rule they are
"reported" and must suffer the due penalty.
But how is it with the Stockton High School's
most fortunate pupils? "The grounds," say the In
dependent, "comprise about twelve acres. A pe
rusal of the specifications will show that the contest
ants for the prizes must incorporate in the plans the
preservation of the natural oaks and the natural
watercourses and provide for athletic grounds."
Children are born to run and to shout, to engage in
athletic games, to fill their lungs with fresh air, to
build up jnuscle and to accumulate vim and energy
for the battle that attends the lives of the majority
of persons in their maturity in this driving, restless
country. Stockton stands Jbefore the State with a
wealth of school grounds, an amplitude of breathing
area that points the way back to the sound sense and
forethought on the part of some person or persons
instrumental in the acquisition of school surround
ings. San Francisco children have been less fortu
nate in their municipal forebears, who would seem to
have thought that a box schoolhouse large enough
to hold several hundred boys and girls of the rest
less ages during several hours a day and a small out
side area into which the children could be crowded
and left practically motionless when they ought to
have room to run was all that would be required.
The Independent says that the action of the School
.Board is in some measure the fruit of the consistent
The Kntre Nous will hold its assembly
at the Palace on October SO.
A reception in honor of the betrothal
Af Miss Lucille V. Breslauer and Charles
C. Cohen will take place on Sunday. Octo
ber IS, at 211S Bush street.
Miss Catherine Plover is enjoying a vi?it
to Chicago, where she is registered at the
Auditorium Annex.
• * •
lightful affair, as it reunites the gay
young folk who had such a merry time
last year. The future affairs of tho club
will be held on December IS and Febru
ary 12
THE HUSBANDS RIGHT— A. D.. City.
The law of California says: "The hus
band has the management and control
of the community property, with the like
power of absolute disposition, other than
testamentary, as he has of his separate
estate, provided that he cannot make gift
of such community property or convey
the same without a valuable considera
tion, unless the wife consents thereto In
writing."
LIQUID FUEL— An Old Subscriber.
City. There are no published statistics
showing to what extent "liquid fuel oil
has taken the place of coal in Great Brit
ain. Canada, Germany and France."
There Is only the general statement "that
of late years there has been a marked in
crease In the use of oil instead of coal in
various parts of the world."
THE MAN AND THE WOitK.
SPEAKING PARTS— Playgoer, City.
The speaking In the title part of "Ham
let" is longer than that of the title part
of "Richard III." In the former Hamlet
has 1569 lines to speak, while Richard has
but 1161. This is according to a count
by Professor Rolfe, the Shakespearean
scholar.
DRAWBACK— E., Alameda. Cal. There
is a rebate on grain sacks when marked
"right for drawback reserved." The one
who is entitled to the drawback is a mat
ter of arrangement with the manufac
turer end the purchaser, but as a rule
the rr.annJacturer is the one who re
ceives It.
ROOFING PAINT— W.. Soquel, Cal. The
following is the only recipe this depart
ment has been able to find for roofin?
paint: One part of fine sand, two of
sifted wood ashes and three of lime
ground with oil. Mix thoroughly and ap
ply with painter's brush, first a thin coat,
then a thick one.
THREE WARS— A. O. S.. Oakland. Cal.
In round numbers the cost of the Civil
War in the United States was $3,000,000,000:
that of the Franco-Prussian War waa
$2,500,000,000, and that of the Chinese-Jap
anese War was $300,000,000.
BUILDING ASSOCIATION"— Old Sub
scriber, City. Communicate with the of
ficers named in your letter of Inquiry for
Information about the building and loan
association asked about. This department
cannot advertise such.
GRAPE— R. F. G.. UKIah. Cal. Pos-
Bibly you may obtain the information you
desire about the Scuppernong grape by
addressing a letter of inauiry to the Ex*
perimental Station at Berkeley. Ca!., Uni
versity of California.
The usurpations of the Senate are of many kinds.
One of the boldest is the extent to which it has
taken from the House control over money bills, not
withstanding the plain statement of the constitution
that all bills for raising reveriue shall originate in the
House of Representatives. In other directions it is
noted that the Senate has so far encroached upon the
constitutional powers of the President that it has vir
tually taken out of his hands much of the work of
negotiating treaties.
As to the remedy for the evil Mr. McCall says: "The
four years' term of the President is, too short for a
struggle with the Senate, and its part in* executive
transactions is 59 great that any such struggle would
expose an administration to failure. The period of
life of the House of Representatives is still shorter,
and its term would be likely to come to an end be
fore a contest between the two houses would ac
quire any great momentum. .* . * * As I have said,
an amendment to the constitution depriving States of
their equal membership in the Senate is not within
the range of possibilities, as such arf* amendment
would require the unanimous consent of all the States.
* * * The only practical hope of-eTen a partial
remedy lies in the jealous insistence by the House
upon its constitutional prerogatives. .If it should do
that, it would be more likely to'realize the advantage
of its position in a nation imbued with the demo
cratic idea. The doubtful powers of government
would gravitate toward the House, our laws would
become more popular in character, and would re
spond to broad and general needs in the community,
while the character of the Senate as a' conservative
body would be unimpaired."
The statement implies that Mr. CannonV word of
warning last spring was not hastily uttered and is not
without the approval of strong men in the House.
The odds, however, in such a struggle would be
heavily on the side of the Senate, and unless, the
House had a good ground on which to raise the
issue defeat would be certain. The question, of
course, is one of high importance and should issue be
joined between the two houses the contest would be
one of the most significant ever waged in parliamen
tary annals.
UPON the eve of adjournment of the last Con
gress Representative Cannon made a violent
attack upon the Senate for its methods of
doing business and virtually announced that it would
cither institute a reform of its own motion or the
House would compel it to do so. The speech was
sensational and attracted much attention at' the time,
for it was known that Cannon is to be Speaker of
the next House, and that if he chooses to do so he
can raise a conflict that will seriously disturb poli
tics for two years to come.
Since the adjournment of Congress very little has
been heard about the subject, but evidently it has not
been forgotten by the House leaders, for one of them
has contributed to the Atlantic Monthly an ex
haustive review of the rightful powers of the Senate
and of its usurpations of at the -expense of
the House on the one hand -and of the President on
the other.
In explaining how the Senate has managed to gain
an undue power in the government the writer, Con
gressman McCall, says: "The striking circumstance
in connection with the power oi the Senate is that it
holds the commanding place at the center of the
Government. It brings to mind the condition of
things in Europe under the feudal system, where the
nobles had the position between the King and the
people, and gradually encroached upon them both un
til they were able to Oppress both— a condition
which continued until a union was effected between
the people and the sovereign, and the feudal system
was finally overthrown. The Senate shares the pow
ers of legislation with the House and some of the
most important executive functions with the Pjesi
dent. The latter is unable to appoint a collector or
a postmaster, or even a member of his own official
household, without the Senate's consent. Such im
portant powers, exercised at the center of the state,
would naturally increase by encroachment upon both
extremes, and they certainly would not diminish."
SENATE AND HOUSE.
YELLOW GARTER— A correspondent
of this department asks about the legend
of the yellow garter In relation to mar
riages. Can any of the friends of the
Query Department give that legend?
THURSDAY ...OCTOBER 15, *9Q3
JOHN n. SPRECKELS, Proprietor. _
Addrta AH Communication* to JOHN McNAUGHT. Manager.
~~" "*
Ask. tor THE # CALL. The Operator Will Connect
You With the Department You Wish.
PCBLI CATION" OFFICE. • .Matrltet «»d Third, S. F.
EDITORLUi ROOMS 217 to 321 Stevenson St.
Dellrered by Carriers, 20 Cts. Per Week, 75 Cts.
Per Month. Single Copies 5 Cents.
Twins by aiall, InclwSin* Poctare (Cui With Order* i
DAILT CAXJL tlneluiJnr Sunday). oo» year *?",*»
DAILY CALX. flBClu6!sr San<J*y). « xaoatlis **Jr
PAI7.T CALl>-JBy Slacl. McnOj..^. — *»*
6CJTDAT GAXX*. On« T«ar - — - *•*»*?
WTXKI.T riTi^ on* Te«r -..- JL
r DUly.,.. S8JBO Pw Tear Extr*
rOXEKB* PO6T1.GS { Euoday.. 4.« **«• Tear Extra
I Weekly - LOO *"« Twx Ertra
All po«tm««*er» are «otliorf«e«I «• recelre
subscriptions.,
£ajspl« eoplea will b» forwarded »fc*n reqnaitad.
Um.11 ntmcriben In orderlo* chans* ©f addreaa »bouM *•
particular to *lv« both NEW AND OLD ADDRESS in order
to tssur* a prompt and correct compliance wlta their request.
OAKLAND OFFICE.
1113 Broadway .Telephone Slain 10S3
BERKELEY OFFICE. '
£148 C«mter Street Telephone Korth TT
WASHINGTON CORRESPONDENT:
BORTO.\ E. CHASE X4OH G Street, It. W.
NEW YORK NEWS* STANDS:
Walderf-Artorla Hotel; A. Brestano. 31 Union Square;
ttomj Hill Hotel; Fifth-avenue Hotel and Hoffman House.
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
£hennaa House; P. O. News Co.: Great Northern Hotel;
Tremoat House; Auditorium Hotel; Palmer House.
CHICAGO REPRESENTATIVE:
C. GEORGE KROGXESS. . . .Marquette Batldtnff
tLosc Distance Telephone. "Central 2619.")
CRAXCII OFFICES— *27 Montgomery, corner cf Clay, open
SBtll 9:80 o'clock. 500 H«y«*. op-o until 9:30 o'clock. 633
McAllltt.tr. open until 9:30 o'clock. 615 Larkin, open until
t :50 o'clock. 19*1 Mission, cpen until 10 o'clock. 2291
Market, corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock. 1030 Va
jracla, cpen until 9 o'clock. IOC Kleventh. opes until 9
o'clock. NE. comer Church and Duncan streets, open
ccul 9 o'clock. NW. corner Twenty-second and Kentucky,
epen until « o'clock. 2200 Flilmore. open until 9 o'clock.
CRABS— A. F.. City. In the State of
California it is a misdemeanor for any
one to have in his possession or catch any
female crab between the 1st of May and
the 1st of September of each year.
A QUOTATION— W., City. "Handsome
women without religion are like flowers
without perfume" is credited to Heine,
the German poet, 1739-1W6.
It is extremely gratifying to observe that through
out California strenuous efforts are being made to
make a school display worthy of the public schools of
the State. The public schools of California have no
superior in the United States, which means that
they are superlatively good. To show 'also under
what grave disadvantages our children have attained
their proficiency we might send the picture of a typi
cal Californian schoolhouse. Nothing shines so well
as by comparison;
DULSE— W. C, City. This department
cannot advertise the names and places of
business of individuals who deal in ttui
seaweed known as dulse.
The Los Amigos Club will hold Us first
party to-morrow evening In Golden Gate
Hall. The dance promises to be a de-
Mr. and Mrs. David Edwards announce
the engagement of their daughter Flor
ence to Benjamin M. Harris.
• • •
The engagement of Miss Hannah Hart
mann, daughter of Mr. and Mrs. S. Hart
mann of Santa Ynez, and Isador Gold
stein is announced, and a reception in
honor of the betrothal wilt be held on
Sunday, the 25th, at 'the home of her
aunt, Mrs. J. Packscher, 1309 Scott street,
from 2 to 5 p. m.
• • •
Yesterday morning at 9:30 o'clock the
marriage of J. W. McDonald Jr. and Miss
Mae O'Toole was celebrated at St. Agnei
Church, on Page street, between
Masonic avenue and Ashbury street,
by Father Kirby. The bride 13
a charming girl of many mental at
tainments, and by her striking personality
has endeared herself to a legion of
friends. The groom is well known as the
secretary of the City Street Improvement
Company of this city and Is possessed of
a host of friends, who attribute to him
the rare gifts of a clever raconteur— and
this is a reputation not lightly achieved.
Owing to recent bereavements In the fam
ily of the bride the wedding: was rather a
quiet affair, only relatives and close
friends Deing bidden to the reception and
breakfast which followed. The bride was
gowned in a dainty robe of white point
d'esprit and was assisted at the altar by
her sister Eleanor. The groom was at
tended by his brother, Walter McDonald.
The happy pair left for the East on the
overland last night and will be absent
about six weeks, during which they will
visit the larger cities of the East. On
their return they will occupy the new
home on Ashbury street now in course of
construction.
The guest of honor. Miss Hazard, is
likewise a Kappa Kappa Gamma mem
ber, and the sorority house, to which so
many memories in the after years will
cling, is to be the scene of the reception
that follows the nuptials. The ceremony
will be celebrated in tbe Presbyterian
church, Berkeley.
The young hostess will entertain four
teen guests, all of whom ara members
of the Kappa Kappa Gamma Sorority of
Berkeley. She will be assisted by her
mother, Mrs. Henry Moffat, and her sis
ters, Mi3s Henrietta Moffatt and Mrs.
Sharp. .
A luncheon will be given to-day by Miss
Emma Moffatt in honor of Miss Irene
Hazard of San Diego, whose marriage to
Mr. Gerlinger of Portland will soon
occur.
Then ten young sons d Mars, with
their ten bonny brides, will be in San
Francisco within the next ten days to
make ready for sailing to the Philippines
on the good ship Sheridan. It Is whis
pered in army circles that the transport
will be decked from stem to stern in
tulle and Bride roses.
These gallant fellows have distinguished
themselves in the service since the mil
itary eruption of .'98, and have made
good records as brave soldiers. And the
magnificent stand they have made against
the anti-matrimonial bull of General Cor
bin has strengthened the reputation they
won in the late war. Brave fellows, they!
One of the embarrassing . features of
this wholesale nuptializing was the dif
ficulty each groom experienced in pro
curing best men, ushers and the neces
sary comradeship, for all the popular of
ficers had similar affairs of their own on
hand, and they really hadn't time! And
as a forlorn subterfuge, a few married
officers were pressed into service. This
custom, however. Is voted a falhire, as
they — without an exception — assumed
lugubrious attitudes as they stood beside
their friends at the altar, and were
wholly inefficient in their duty to- brace
them up. Whether it was timidity or
reminiscence is a difficult guess, but mar
ried men at the altar are voted down—
they lack the necessary verve for suc
cessful administration of duty. They may
make good soldiers, but they are poor
best men.
Matrimony is said to be a sporadic af
fection, becoming epidemic when fairly
started. It has broken out to an alarming
extent in army circles— to be explicit, in
the Twenty-second United States Infantry
— and has already spread to twelve officers,
namely, Captain John R. R. Hanrey,
Captain David L. Stone and Lieutenants
Adolph H. Huguet. Lawrence Curtis,
William A. Kent, James Justice, Henry
A. Ripley, William W. Taylor, Harry
Parshall and Robert Whitfteld.
Natorp Blumenfeld. violinist, assisted
Miss Cottlow and made .his initial bow
Miss Augusta Cottlow, the eminent
planiste, gave her first concert Tuesday
evening in Lyric Hall, it being her first
appearance in San Francisco since she
played as a child some years ago with
the Bauer Symphony Orchestra. It may
be safely said that the prophecies made
long ago for the child pianlste were not
made In vain, and Miss Cottlow's per
formance -last evening warranted every
flattering expectation. There were tone
pictures a-plenty with the color laid on
with a generous but careful brush. Miss
Cottlow possesses a marvelous technique,
a rich imagination and a keen poetic in
sight into the purpose of the composer.
She has a finely drawn temperament and
a dignified manner. From the brilliant
passages in the Liszt Etude, where tho
keen, glistening notes literally came in
a crystal shower, to the stately tread
of a Bach motif or the passion and ro
mance of Chopin, she is always the art
ist. The Brahma Caprice was a study'
in tone production and warmly poetic,
with shadowy suggestions of half veiled
bits of counterpoint. In the control of the
dynamics, Miss Cottlow shows a broad
sweep, to the uttermost limits of sound.
The audience was deservedly enthusiastic
and was rewarded with two encores, a
Scotch dance by Beethoven and an A minor
Mazourka of Chopin. The Liszt Etude
and Polonaise served best to show to ad
vantage the artist's great technique. She
has a fascinating legato, even in tho
most rapid passages, and a trill that is
inimitable. The Chopin Scherzo was a
delicious bit of legato work, woven
through a woof of shimmering treble song
with a presto finale. After leaving here,
some years ago. Miss Cottlow concertized
for two or three years, and then went
to Europe and studied with Busoni. Aft
er her present engagement she goes East
to play with Scheel during tho coming
season.
The double bill of two operas. "Caval
ierly Rustlcan*:i and "I'Pagliacci,' 1 filled
a Tivoli night to overflowing with melody
and with dramatic action. This was the
treat that was afforded Tuesday evening.
Both operas brought to the fore singers
strong in public favor. Signorina Line de
Benedetto and Signor Agostlno were In
"C&valleria Rusticana." In "I'Pagliacel"
were Signorina Tina de Spada, Signor
Adamo Gregoretti and Signor Ischierdo.
The other people were Zaninl, Nettie
Deglow, Miss Eugene Barker, Signor Cor
tesi and Signor Borghese, some in, one
cast and some in th© other.
The announcement of the casts sug
gests richness. The actual performances
constituted a star night at the Tivoli.
Nothing was done in a perfunctory way
from the 'time the first note of "Caval
leria Rusticana" was heard until the final
drum beat of the second opera. Two lead
ing sopranos came into contrast. Both
struggled hard for a generous share of
applause. Agostino Justified his title to
be styled lyric. Ischierdo acted with ve
hemence and wore proudly the dramatic
bays. . ¦ ' ; '.
Then there was a house wild with en
thusiasm over the premonitory song of
Gregoretti and pleased with the melodious
voice of Borghese. As for the orchestra,
it was. simply electric. Paul Stemdorff
gestured wildly— beat out rhythm, in
stilled precision, delicacy and force into
his players, steered them through all the
musical Bhoals and quicksands that im
periled their course and brought them
triumphantly into the haven.
Generally, while there is enough of
dramatic action in the two operas, tHe
joint performance as a whple might bet
ter be styled lyrical than dramatic. Sweet
sounds and graceful musical conceits
dominated. The famous Intermezzo, bat
tle scarred with its many engagements
with myriad orchestras of diverse ideas,
still proved its claim to vitality by secur
ing a general demand for repetition as the
violins wailed sweetly and the horns sank
from deep to deeper levels by gradations,
away down among the profoundest leger
lines, and the whole wound up with rising
inflection.
It is hardly necessary to analyze the
peculiarities of the leading singers. Bene
detto especially distinguished herself as
Santuzza. She won the first "bravos"
that were plentiful as the evening wore
on. Her voice was in fine condition. So
was De Spada's.
Something of praise should be awarded
to Eugenia Barker, who has an extremely
pleasing voice which she used well. There
was no mistake made by the manage
ment in putting on the double bill. Al
though the hour was late when the finale
came, there was none too much of the
music.
The honesty and energy of the President will clean
it out. now. the same qualities in Jackson did the
same service in his day. But the history of the de
partment gives no guarantee that the scandals will
cease, or that the waste of Government in the admin
istration of a business will ever cease. So far no
watchfulness, nor law, nor penalty, has sufficed to
keep that business straight, and it is unlikely that any
ever will.
PRESIDENT ROOSEVELT is thorough in
everything he undertakes. His is the gospel of
•work, and he proposes that work shall show
in all things pertaining to the public interest while he
is President. The General Postofficc has become the
center of long accumulating abuses. It is a colossal
business, run under all the disadvantages under
which Government administers a business enterprise.
President Roosevelt ordered the investigation which
has disclosed these conditions, and now orders it
continued until the cleansing is complete.
He puts his determination in terse and epigram
matic fashion by saying that he will complete the in
vestigation so that no other party will ever find any
thing to do. This is not only duty and patriotism,
but it is good politics. The political opposition has
tried to make capital out of the postal affair, but
without success, as the energy infused into the in-.,
quiry has left nothing to be desired in the way of
thoroughness. It has been a part of the programme
for the minority in Congress to introduce a resolution
raising a Congressional investigation, but the Presi
dent proposes that such an investigation shall find
the work so thoroughly done that it will have no
function.
This is satisfactory to every fair-minded man of
any party. But when the work is done, and fully
done, as the President docs everything, there re
mains a lesson which must not be permitted to es
cape the attention of the country. From the begin
ning the business of managing the mails has been rec
ognized as the invasion of a purely business field by
the Government. Administering justice, caring for
the public domain, managing the army and navy, the
pensions, patents, revenues and foreign affairs, are in
stantly recognized as among the political concerns
of Government. To care for and control them is
what Government is for. They include the conserva
tion of thepublic property and interests and the exer
cise of the proper police powers of Government.
The postoffice, however, comes under none of
these heads. It is the administration of a vast busi
ness agency, and since early in the history of the
country it has been the leakage department of the
Government. Its administration produces a large an
nual deficit, which has to be made good by taxation,
and from time to time it presents a record of corrup
tion and crime such as is not seen in any of the
purely political departments of administration. The
same characteristics appear wherever a State is en
gaged in business, as witnessed by New York's ad
ministration of the Erie canal, which under all par
ties is a history of extravagance, waste and corrup
tion.
But we have the postorfice and will always have it,
as an example of Government in business, and the
best that can be done is to minimize its evils and
its waste. Suppose, however, that we take over into
Government ownership and administration all of
the interstate public utilities, the railroads (steam and
electric), the telegraphs, telephones, steamboat lines
and transportation business, with more than a mil
lion of Government employes to operate them, and
the billions of money required in those activities, in
the light of the example furnished by the postal busi
ness what result can be expected? It is idle to talk
about the safeguards of civil service. The Postoffice
Department has them all. It is hedged about by
minute statutory and administrative regulations, and
is blanketed by the civil service law; but it is a busi
ness in the hands of Government, and its temptations
and opportunities prove stronger than all laws and
all regulations and all watchfulness.
"BRAVOS" GREET
TRAGIC OPERA
AT THE TIV0LI
MATRIMONY IS
PREVALENT IN
ARMY CIRCLES
SOME ANSWERS
TO QUERIES BY
CALL READERS
efforts of the press and the interest inspired by the
Arbor Club, yet the direct responsibility is assumed
by the Board of Education. Stockton is fortunate in
having such ample school grounds, and is acting
wisely in arranging to make the best use of them.
THE POSTAL INVESTIGATION.
THE SAN FBANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, OCTOBER 15, 1903.
It is strange with what stupid recklessness some
of our drunken, gilded youth prepare themselves for
violent deaths. The young man who entered a saloon
recently and at the point of a revolver forced an un
offending citizen to take a drink may meet the
wrong man some night and learn the lesson that
money easily won and criminally spent does not give
any one a blackguardly or ruffianly^ privilege over the
rest of us.
France and England, after centuries of racial an
tagonisms and ill-disguised hatred of one another,
have signed a treaty in which they agree to submit
any future misunderstandings between themselves. to
arbitration. This is one of the splendid results of
modern diplomatic courtesies. Out of the reciprocal
visits of the President of France and the King of
England come benefits of incalculable measure to
two great nations.
The gratifying niews comes from Washington that
whether Japan and Russia fight or not no harm can
come to us from the row or the big fuss that seems
now to precede a quarrel. Besides, it is suggested,
#ve have two treaty ports in Manchuria, anyway, and
our trade facilities will suffer no interruption. It is
good once in a while to cool our fighting blood in
the calm satisfaction of the knowledge that the gold
of our fighting friends is coming our way.
6
LOVE'S VICTORY
AT THE POLLS
¦ .
OFFICIAL Kansas is all amazement over a new element that
has just obtruded itself into American politics and — won out.
Official Kansas is investigating, but meantime the women of
an entire State are sceine to it that their triumph of the last few
weeks is maintained and the cause of true love holds full swav.
They fought in a waV peculiarly feminine for their Tieht to recerve
their lovers and to be wooed and won and married when, where and now
they pleased. The men fought against it, but the women won. and in
pursuance of that victory they dragged the defeated candidates out of
office by main force. Hence official Kansas' perturbation. Hence,
too, official Kansas' effort to keep the facts quiet until it gets full
and final report of this astounding condition of affairs. Meantime Hv-
men rules an entire State in a manner never before witnessed in all the
history of the world. The Sunday Call will put you in possession of all
the facts next Sunday, official Kansas' perturbation notwithstand-
ing.
And did you ever read of Delaroo? He was an Indian. He was
more. He was the shadow incarnate of Maje Sampson. He was even
more than that. He was the best railroad character that ever caueht
the facile pen of Frank H. Spearman, who is himself the best writer of
American railroad stories in the world to-day. This is Delaroo as
Spearman knew him:
"As Ions: as Maie would talk Delaroo would listen. That single
word was. in fact, the kev to Delaroo; Delaroo was a listener: for that
reason nobody knew much about him."
And this in brief is one of themost tense moments in all Soear-
man's exciting narrative of Delaroo's rareer:
"What do I think of it?" muttered < Neighbor, when the local operator
asked him for a report for Callahan. "I think there's two engines for
the scrap in sieht — and the 264. if ( we can ever find anything of her — and
about a million sheep to pay for — " Neighbor paused to cive an order
and survey the frightful scene.
"And Delaroo." repeated the operator. "He wants to know about
If you have been reading Spearman's -new series of two-oase stories
you will not need even these extracts to, keep you on a sharp lookout for
Delaroo in the next Sundav Call. Spearman's stories are the sort that
you never forRet. They sret a erip on your memory like the mysterious
fascination of railroadine itself.
However. Delaroo is onlv one of the big things in the next Sundav
Call, as, for instance. "The Golden Fetich." It is a new mystery story
—more mysterious even than "The Mystery Box," more excitine than
"Tainted Gold." more surorisine by far than "Brewster's Millions." and
yet containing all the orieinalitv of these three and more. You've read
them all in the Sundav Call. You know then what splendid promise vou
may expect in the first installment of "The Golden Fetich". next Sundav.
Then there is "The End of the Line." by Mrs. Edwin Knowles;
"The Man Who Won." by Edwin Lcfevre: Miss Partineton's Prize
Paris Picture: "The Etiauette of the Coaching Girl," by Madse Moore;
"Education for Success." bv Sir John A. Cockbnrn. K. C. M. G.:
"Me-ows of a Kittv." bv Kate Thyson Marr; a full page of prize photo-
graphs from the Third San Francisco Salon, and — but there is alto-
gether too much to enumerate here. You'll have to see it all for your-
self. •
NEW ADVERTISEMENTS.
STERILIZED BARBER SHOP.
A Famous Shop in the Carrollton Ho-
tel, Baltimore, Maryland.
The barber shop In tho Carrollton Ho-
tel, Baltimore, sterilizes everything it
uses in the shop. The sterilizing is done
by heat. The towels, the razors, the
strops, the soap, - the combs and brushes
are all sterilized before being used on a
customer. Where there is no steriliza-
tion, have the barber use Newbro's Htrpl-
crae. It kills the dandrulf germ and it is
an antiseptic for the scalp and for the
face after shaving. All leading barbers
everywhere appreciate these potent facts
about Herplcide and' they, use it. "De-
stroy the cause, you remove . the effect."
Sold by leading druggists. Send 10c in
stamps for sample to The Herplclde Co..
Detroit. Mich.Mayor Schmitz Speaks at Turk-Street
Temple and Richmond Hall.
Mayor Schmitz was the central figure
at a. large gathering of anherents of the
Union Labor party held in the Turk-street
Temple last night. The hall was taxed to
its full eapaclty.-
The Mayor was late in appearing, and
during the Interim the crowd was enter
tained by addresses from various candi
dates of the Union Labor party. Walter
Gallagher, .the Un|on Labor spellbinder,
Lane next addressed a meeting in the
Thirty-fifth Assembly District, at Mission
Turn YereJn : Hall, on Eighteenth street,
At Steimke Hall, In the Forty-first Dis
trict, where he held his first session, some
miscreant had sprinkled red pepper on the
floor, which made itself manifest very
shortly after Mr. Lane commenced to
speak. Tha audience was small. He
chose for the principal theme the subject
of the expenditure of the 118,000,000 for
the Improvement of the city and Its envi
ronments. Mr. Lane stated that he had
not gone into this fight for the emolu
ments of the office, but simply to try to
protect the welfare of the city and its
citizens. He said he could more
money If he stuck to the practice of law
than the highest office in tha municipality
would pay him. Judge J. F. Sullivan was
chairman of the occasion.
Red Pepper Interferes With First and
Cold Audience Dampens Second.
Franklin K. Lane addressed two meet-
Ings last night.
LANE MAKES TWO SPEECHES.
He asked for a sympathetic set of of
ficials behind him and especially dwelt on
the need for a friendly Board of Super
visors, without which he said ho was pow
erless to accomplish many of the things
he had planned for the city.
He scored Franklin K. Lane, who, he
said, was personally responsible for cir
culating false and scurrilous literature re
garding the Union Labor candidate) for
Mayor. He said he had worked hard and
tried to be Mayor of the whole people,
without regard to class, and If he were
re-elected he promised to maintain this
course, avoiding any mistakes he had
made in the past and instituting many re
forms in the future. ' '
He contrasted his administration with
that of Phelan's. comparing the labor dif
ficulties under both and claiming credit
for the fact that the strike of the street
car men was not as bloody and riotous
as that of the teamsters. He pointed out
the present prosperity of the city, which
he credited to his administration and
asked if it were not a bad plan to change
present satisfactory conditions for the
empty promises held out by his oppo
nents.
Mayor Srhmltz aopeared about 9 o'clock
and was given a hearty greeting. Quite
a number of women were In the* audi
ence and they joined in the welcome. A
sweet little girl handed th# Mayor a
bunch of carnations as he arose to speak.
This was not the only bouquet he re
eelved. as during his address he handeu
himself several.
which he said had been circulated widely
in the Richmond district. **
was the only outsider who spoke, and his
address met with much warmth of wel
come. During the address of Harry Knox.
candidate for Supervisor. Mayor Schmitz
entered trie hall and all business waa sus
pended while those present exercised their
vocal chords in according a lusty welcome
to the head of the ticket.
The Mayor spoke briefly, but said a good
many things In his remarks that touched
responsive echoes In the hearts of his
audience, and he was cheered vigorously.
He regretted that his party had not the
support of a single newspaper In the city,
but said he would rather make this fight
without their aid than be ruled by a
newspaper boss In the administration of
his duties.
Referring to some literature respecting
his past administration that has been cir
culated by the Democrats, he said: "I am
not making a mud-slinging campaign and
I deprecate this method of getting votes.
I would rather go down to defeat than to
mako my canvass by besmirching the
names of my opponents. This plan of
campaign. I regret to say, haa been adopt
ed toward me by the Democratic candi
date for Mayor. There have been scur
rilous cartoons and printed matter con
cerning me circulated throughout the city,
and Franklin K. Lane has enc6uraged.
abetted and countenanced this work, well
knowing it to be false. ,1 hold him per
sonally responsible for* this despicable
method of campaigning."
The Mayor referred to the Increase in
building operations in this city, and con
trasted the condition with that of Eastern
cities, where it was stated that there had
been a falling off in these lines. He at
tributed' this to the fact that while labor
troubles had been rife East and West
they had been. handled In this city with
proper regard to the workers and the In
vestors alike.
After Mayor Schmitz had finished an ef
fort was made to continue the meeting
with other speakers, but they wasted
their voices on an array of disappearing
backs, and shortly afterward the meeting
broke up. ,
Previous to this meeting Mayor Schmitz
addressed a big crowd at Clement street
and Fourth avenue, In the Richmond dis
trict. Five hundred people gained admis
sion,' and some were unable to squeeze in.
Previous: to the Mayor's appearance a
number of the candidates on the Union
Labor ticket made addresses. J. J. Con
nolly,' who Is running for Public Admin
istrator, Jet • his mouth, run away with
him and was choked off from a lengthy
and uninteresting discourse only by the
repeated efforts of Chairman Lovejoy.
Harry Knox, candidate for Supervisor,
denounced the charge that he was a spot
ter in the employ of tho street railroad,
ADDRESSES TWO MEETINGS.
Republicans and other good citizens of
the Thirty-eighth Assembly District will
rally to-night at Mascot Hall, Golden
Gate avenue, near Buchanan street. Sen
ator Edward I. Wolfe will preside. The
Republican nominee for Mayor, Henry
J. Crocker, will acturess the audience.
Judge Bahr8, Horace Wilson, Percy V.
Ijong, General "E. S. Salomon, John E.
McDougald and other candidates will
speak. ' .
Citizens of the Thirty-fourth Assembly
District will assemble to-night at Twin
Peaks Hall, Seventeenth and Noe streets.
Among the speakers will be Henry J.
Crocker. Judge George H. Bahrs, Percy
V. L<ong t John E. McDougald; . Charles
Flrkert_ formerly of Stanford University;
Henry H. Lynch, John J. Qreif, E. A.
AJgeltinger, Ed J. Smith, Dr. C. Boxton,
Fred Eggers, George Dietterle, Maxwell
McNutt, A. P. Van Duzer, \V. W. San
derson, Harry Baehr, I<ouls Jacobs, Fred
N. Bent, E. S. Salomon. T. Lunetedt,
Dr. J. I. Stephen, Robert Vance, \V. Bar
ton. E. JAl Sweeney, Dr. T. H. Morris,
William E. I>utz and other candidates.
Republicans of the Thirty-sixth Assem
bly District will hold a meeting to-night
at Harmony Hall, Mission street, between
Thirteenth and Fourteenth. John Ton
ningsen will preside. Henry J. Crocker,
Judge George H. Bahrs, Percy V. Lrfmg,
John E. McDougald, John J. Greif, Fred
Eggers, George Dietterle, Maxwell Mc-
Nutt, A. P. Van Duzer, Robert Vance,
Thomas C. Duff. J. S. Nyland, George R.
Wells, W. W. Sanderson, Fred N. Bent,
Maurice L. Asher, George Alpers. L». A.
Rea", H. L. Joachlmson. William E. Lutz
and other candidates will speak.
Meetings to Be Held To-Night — Elo
quent Orators Will Speak.
REPUBLICAN RALLIES.
A. Ames, M. Harris. W. S. Rhys. W. Farrell,
Jant»s Nelson, John Trebella. Joseph Carroll,
William Cannon. D. O'Brien and Thomas Don-
Ion.
GERMANS ABE WITH HIM.
He took ipleasure in stating that the
Germans of San Francisco were with him
to a man and he thought their votes
would assist him in securing the office to
which he aspired.
Judge Bahrs. told of his early life; told
of his manly efforts, to get an education
and of his ambitions. He touched a re
sponsive chord in the minds of his hear
ers by telling how hard 'he had labored
as a boy In a soap factory and how hard
he had studied at night In order that he
might fit himself to be a lawyer. The
speaker grew eloquent as he warmed to
his task and he was Interrupted time and
again by applause. He did not mince
words in discussing the incumbent. He
charged Dr. Dodge with using his office
for his own aggrandizement and openly
stated that Dodge was guilty of "graft
ing."
In closing his speech he said: "I say it
is a great honor and a great .privilege to
be a representative of the Republican
party as its nominee and it w)kild be the
extreme honor of my life to be \lected to
that position and to be able to serve you
in the true spirit of the law. n
LIST OF VICE PRESIDENTS.
Addresses were also delivered by John
J. Greif, candidate for County Clerk, and
General Salomon, candidate for District
Attorney. The meeting concluded with
hearty cheers for the Republican ticket.
The vice presidents were:
A. Pryal. T. O'Leary. A. Boyd. P. Dough
erty. J. ffeary. J. Collner. J. O'Connor, Wil
liam McDonald. J.'Hogan. William Fitzgerald,
Charles Dahsfleld. V. Boucher. E. Pratt, M.
Roberts. T. Hlne8. T. Phlpps. P. Peterson, H.
Peterson. B. Dougherty. J. Flynn, VV. | Pratt,
H. 8. Manuel. J. Mahtstedt. G. Yaeger, H.
Betkge. F. Gregg. George . Haughy, N. E.
Whltcomb. J. Beck, F. Wall, J. " Whalen. '. C.
Dawson. P. Prunty.T. Howard. B. McGovern,
C. Bhea. J. McCafferty. J. Conlon. William
Harrington, Captain James Mulroy, H. stefber;
Washington Dodge, 5000 votes and the
Union Labor men gave him 3000, Bahrs
would win. as he proved by figures that
the Republican strength was sufficient to
elect him. He proved absolutely that he
was the friend of labor and had always
stood by labor.
invlnoingl.v. He showed by figures that
i-en though the Republicans gave. Pr.
Judgp Bahrg stepped closer to his audl
¦>rs. He actually got right in their midst.
fe cared not for a pUtform from which
e might deliver his speech. His tall
)rm was a conspicuous figure In the big
ssemblage. He ppoke with sincerity 'and
luty of the Republicans to support the Demo
ratio nominee for th* offlce of Assessor or any
>ther office? I pay to you. gentlemen, I hav»
he. most absolute confidence that I will win
his campaign and If you will Indulge roe a
ew moments I will convince you.
nuatn upon the Republicans of this city that
is their duty to support him. Why Is It the
HENRY J. CROCKER has proved beyond doubt that he is a friend of organized labor. It was due to his good offices that the
linemen and the head officials of the Pacific States Telephone and Telegraph Company came together and settled the strike,
which had been in progress for more than six months. Others tried to settle the differences between the union men and the cor
poration, but without success. He not only gave vital aid to the workingmen, but made it possible for all men to return to their
employment. Such a thing as a "blacklist" does not exist. That the union men appreciate the efforts of Mr. Crocker is evidenced
by the following letter:
Western Conference of the International Brotherhood of Electrical Workers.
''; Headquarters, 92 1 Market Street.
, San Francisco, Cal., October 6, 1903.
MR. HENRY J. CROCKER, Crocker Building, City— Dear Mr. Crocker: On behalf of the or
ganization which I represent I wish to sincerely thank you for your efforts toward bringing
about the settlement of the differences that existed between the linemen and the Pacific States
Telephone and Telegraph Company, and can assure you that the favor is appreciated.
Very truly yours, (Signed) F. J. M. McNULTY,
Grand President International Brotherhood Electrical Workers.
HENRY J. CROCKER IS THANKED FOR BRINGING ABOUT SETTLEMENT
OF DIFFERENCES BETWEEN LINEMEN AND THE TELEPHONE COMPANY
Accuses Incumbent
of Being a
"Grafter."
Now we have the word of the etandard
bearer of the Democracy that the Republican
party In the city and county of San Francisco
is In th« majority. If the Republican party
haa a majority how is It possible that I can
lose this contest? (Applause.) I «ay to you
Republican* that in my Judgment and in my
estimation the nomination of the Republican
party for any office means a lot. It Is a
pledge that the whol* party will support the
nominee. If It Is ho, the pledge that the party
gives to the nominee Is an Indorsement and aa
the party is in the majority. I wi|l win..
Gentlemen, my opponent for the last two or
three weeks has been circulating. He has been
endea\'orin«; by every artifice, by every trick,
by every device, by every machination, tp in-
REPUBLICANS IN MAJORITY.
Fellow Republicans: The honor lias fallen
to my lot to-day tn be nominated as the can
didate of the Ilepubllc-an party for the office
of AKsessor. These people in this city who
are favorable to the c^frdidacy of my op
ponent have been for the last two or three
we*k» industrially circulating the rumor that
the Republican party would hand Its nominee
a sold brick. I want to assure you. fellow
Republicans, that I know the situation as
well ag any man in the elty and I want to
give you my personal assurance that 1 esteem
it as a great honor and a great privilege to
have that nomination conferred upon myself.
I assure you It is a great honor to be the
nominee for the office of Assessor, and I pive
you my absolute assurance that this cam
paign will eventuate «n my victorv. as It Is
self-evident that I appear before you to
night. (Applause.)
Judge Bahrs hit out from the shoulder
and set the voters of the district to think
ing. He proved himself an energetic
campaigner. In the course of his lengthy
speech Judge Bahrs said:
Speaking of the nomination yesterday,
he said: "I am going to win this fight.
Before I accepted this nomination T made
a thorough' canvass of the situation and
I regard rnj' election as certain. Wash
ington Dodge Is a weak candidate. De
spite the advertisement ho has given him
self, he is not the kind of an Assessor
we should have In this city. His record
will not bear scrutiny. I am prepared
to show from his own record that he be
longs to the 'grafting' class."
its citizens for re-election. He further
said that Dr. Dodge was trying to set
aside the American doctrine, which is
averse to any man serving three terms
in any office.
BAHRS HITS FROM SHOULDER.
During his term he was called upon to
decide the famous "Fresno rate case."
He found foj; the people against the rail
road, and fhat powerful organization,
which at that time dominated the poli
tics of the city and rounty. prevented his
renomination at the next election. With
out a nomination or the support of the
press, he ran independently and almost
scored a victory, polling l»,700 votes.
While always taking an active interest
in politic?, he has not been a candidate
for office since his defeat for Superior
Judge. In June, however, his signal abll-.
Ities were recognized by Mayor Schmitz.
who appointed him a member of the Civil
Service Commission.
Accordingly he left a position worth $100
a month and brgan clerking in a law
office at $3 per week. When he attained
his majority he was admitted to the bar
and his rise in h!s profession was phe
nomenal. In 1??4 he was elected Supe
rior Judge on the Republican ticket and
was one of the best though one of the
youngest Judges that ever served on the
bench In th-ls city.
sessor of the city and county of San
Francisco to fill the vacancy on the ticket
caused by the declination of Charles S.
Laumelster, who was nominated to the
X>osition by the Republican convention.
Judge Bahrs' acceptance was received
joyfully by the people. lie Is regarded
as the strongest man who could be se
lected and undoubtedly he will make a
magnificent run. His record is without
a blemish. He was born in San Fran
cisco and In a great measure is a self
made man. After a course in the public
pchools he engaged in the business of
soap maklns. When he was IS years of
age he had attained as high wages as
were paid in his trade and concluded that
if he expected further advancement he
would have to enter a profession.
EX-SUPERIOR JUDGE GEORGE H.
BAHRS waa selected yesterday by
the Republican convention's- commit
tee as the party's candidate for As-
Judge Bahrs Secures
Nomination for
Assessor.
Dr. Bterena made quite a speech to the
voters end created enthusiasm. He said
in part:
Your •:¦ :¦ r-i"-. to the late convention nom
inated an excellent ticket and it now remains
tor you voters cf San Francisco to elect the
men they selected. How is thi» to l>e drme?
Jt is to be done by working individually and
collectively. l>-t every !!• !¦¦¦;!. 'i<-ai- lrom now
until the 3d of November turn himself Into
a Republican ml>sionary. Lxt htm go into
the highway* and byways or thfi city and
pather Into the Republican fold the Republican
wavererx and the politically misguided. If
you do San Francisco will I* materially ben
efited and you will not regret it, (Applause.)
Judge George H. Bahrs, candidate for
Aepebsor, who was put on the ticket yes
terday, attended the meeting and deliv
ered one of the most forcible talks ever
rrade by a candidate for election. He has
taken the field against Dr. Washington
Dodge and without mincing his words ac
cuses the incumbent of being a "grafter"
and a man who has forfeited the consid
eration of the community of San Fran
cisco and is not entitled to tho support of
MISSIONABY WOBK.
Th* statement mad" by Mr. Crocker
•was borne out a few minutes later when
James M. Queeney. a member of Ixical
No. 2S3 cf the I*Sr.emen'« Union, was In
troduced. The latter said the Republican
candidate was entitled to all the credit
for brir.p'.r.s? about a settlement of the
etrike. H« said fomc people were trying
to take the credit away from Mr. Crock
er, but they ¦would not pure^ed, as h<» had
Tieen Instrumental In Fettling the differ
ences of the union men and their em
plcyere. Richard Condon, th© union man
who told Mr. Crocker h? was on the
blacklist and was takon back to the tel
ephone company through his efforts, was
jrratcful to the Republican nominee for
the kindness he had done him. In a
fhort rpeech to fellow union men Mc-
Queeney eaid:
Fellow union men: I have been a lineman
for th# telephone company and my friend, the
Hon. Henry J. Crocker, settled our strike. I
could not eet back to the tel«»r>hone company
•¦n account of doing too much work in th«
interests of my union. He got me back my
Job. If my union asked me to I *ou!d do
the rame thing agaJn. I stand by my union.
Gentlemen, I wish you would do all you can
for Mr. Crocker, the Republican candidate for
Mayor, and Henry H. L<ynch. candidate for
fheriff. <Apj>!ausO
Theodore Lunstedt, candidate for Su
pervisor, made a pleasing speech and wac
nven a rally. Dr. Morris, candidate for
* 'oroner. received a good reception and
told what a pood official he would make
if Vlected to office. Speeches were made
Tiy Harry Baehr, Percy V. Long and
Maurice Asher.
UNION MEN TESTIFY
itfephone linemen's strike. The nominee
for Mayer was loth to say anything about
the matter, but bis friends advised him
ta do so, otherwise they themselves would
tell of his good offices in behalf of organ
ized labor.
Leon Samuels was chairman of the big
meeting. He introduced the various can
didates and kei>t the meeting on the go
to its conclusion. Almost every candidate
on the ticket appeared before the large
patherir.g and received a warm reception.
When the Republican nominee for
Mayor entered the hall the place resound
ed with shouts of enthusiasts. He was
cheered and cheered and he was forced to
bow repeatedly to his friends. He shook
hands with many voters and was delight
ed to find that his button was being worn
by hundreds of residents of the districts.
CROCKER IS CHEERED.
After all the other candidates had been
introduced, Mr. Crocker was presented to
the audience and. when the enthusiasm
had subsided, ppoke as follows:
1 am not poins to take up much of your time
I'-ricM. I mb not rolng to tell you aJl a lot
it'Cut the charier or about improvements; I am
ot CJinr to t«-IJ you where the money is coin*
:•¦ r*> fper.t. because you are all going to get
><-ur *hare of it. You have a fair sample of
Um mar.r.-r in which th* nviney will be spent
by tht- way you have improved Third street.
' f ' u h *- v * hoard a lot about tho prand old Re
pubneaa xicrty and have heard who the next
Mayor of ifie city and county of San Francisco
¦v.ill l,e. and. a* there are other candidates to
y.-nk. I vrjil not .ietajn you lon#r. I want to
*»>', gentlemen, that at this time, the voters
of thi* district have not eot this flection
stacked uy just right. Every one wants t-j
know what kind of B fellow I am. and, in order
•;• ret you ncht. I will recite a. little incident
whi'-li happened (ioRii here the other evening
I w.-nt ir;a a pUce where I don't think I had
many Mtpporterv. One fellow came to me and
*a,.j. '-you can't occupy any office as long as
»» fellows vote." I immediately answered
"Turn around, to the light. I want to tee your
face." The man eot nervous and started to
lack away, and he asked. "What for?' and 1
r»>r>li»d. "I want to see your face, because when
you oorne out to the City Hall after January
next I t» 8 r,t tu *ay. Hello, Mike.' " iLaughter
i>nl great applause.)
NO BLACKLIST.
A mtr\ in the crowd also came up to m» an1
eaio. "Mr. '"rocker, you settled the linemen's
frikV <ET»ftr npplau**). « n «i I said. "How *iid
y"u kn"w thafT" and h~ replied. "Because my
union told me *o. Well." he Kays. *•! can't
v-t rxspJoyment li^auff I *.m blacklisted." I
fniri. "My fr;end. I ne\e r paw you before, but
you are rot on the blacklist, because, in thj
settlement cf that ftrlke it was pr.e of the con
dition* that there rfcnuM be no blacklist. Every
man can t" back to work for the telephone
company. If poa wiil come down to my office
to-morrow rr.crr.in« at ¦ o'clock I will rro\-e
to you there is no b!ackl!*t." (Applause.) I
went to say thet tfcip conversation took place
in a crowd cf voter* of this district whom I
had never met before snrt who didn't ?ecm to
think much of me. I would not have men
tioned t^e fart, but mv fHends forced me to
<!o e«. Thej- t^H me that they would mention
It if I <5i«nt. That 1« it>» kind of a mmn J am.
I •m not trrir.ir to pi before the people and
f-iuarw myself in an effort to ret votes. I have
r.-> tags en me. I am frolnjc «o give every man
a fair deal. I don't think the people are poing
to ny we want thin, that and the other thlnjr.
If a man It in office and the population gets
H deserves, then they are satisfied. Now.
that tr all I have to eay to you to-night. I am
obllwd to you for your attention. <Great ap
r!ause and «-heere for Henry J. Crocker.)
thusiastic.
* Judge George H. Bahrs created a sensa
tion by charging that Dr. Washington
2>odge, his opponent for the office cf As
sessor, was a "grafter" and had no right
to expect re-election to a third term as
Assessor of the City and County of San
Francisco. For the first time in the cam
paign, Henry J. Crocker was given credit
for bringing about the settlement of the
THE joint meeting of the voters of
the Twenty-eighth and Twenty
r.inth Assembly districts, held in
Occidental Hall last night in the in
terests of Henry J. Crocker and the
Republican ticket, was a great suc
cess. Every scat was occupied and every
inch cf standing room wjis taken up by
dOxeas eager to hear the various speak
irs. Withal it was an orderly meeting.
Intelligent workingmen listened to the ar-
Kufaents made by the various candidates
and, applauded them. The Republican
s-tandard bearer received a flattering re
ception. Compared to the meetings held
"by the opposition parties, last night's at
tendance was even greater and more en-
Union Men Admit He
Heiped Settle
Strike.
Republican Nominee
Indorsed by the
Linemen.
HENRY J. CROCKER AROUSES GREAT ENTHUSIASM AMONG THE WORKINGMEN
BY PROVING TO THEIR SATISFACTION THAT HE IS A STANCH FRIEND OF LABOR
Union League Club
Arranging a Big
Meeting.
Campaign Committee
Doing Active
Work.
HENRY J. CROCKER, the Repub
lican candidate for Mayor, con
tinues to gain friends among the
workingmen of the city. They like
his simple, unostentatious style of
campaigning. He has many old
acquaintances and warm personal friend*
in every district of the city and every
day he gets requests to visit cjubs and ad
dress meetings. It is mentioned to Mr.
Crocker's credit that he does not slins
mud at the candidates on the rival tickets.
He 1» making a clean, honorable and dig
nified canvass and Is daily gaining in
strength and prestige. He impresses citi
zens and taxpayers with tha belief that
he will do something for the betterment
of San Francisco when he is elected
Mayor. There is a good deal of talk in
business and industrial circles in the city
of the shameful neglect of public duty
in many of the departments of the munici
pality. It seems to many of the taxpay
ers that the men who are paid generous
salaries to attend to official duty are out
chasing for office. It is mentioned that
individual enterprise during the last two
years has accomplished much for San
Francisco, but the work of tha enterpris
ing citizen has received no support or en
couragement from the city authorities.
The Republicans maintain that Mr.
Crocker will do something for San Fran
cisco. He will check the waste and ex
travagance at the City Hall and get
something in return for the vast amount
of money annually raised to support the
local government
SCHMITZ ON THE WANE.
Mayor Schmitz will not get anything
like as big a labor vote as he got two
years ago. He counts on the Fire De
partment and the Police Department to
make good his losses in labor circles. He
also expects that Ruef will enlist a strong
following In the tenderloin. Politicians
that are giving clo*« study to the various
phases of the campaign say that the
Schmitz star is on the wane. It is noted
that Schmitz loses his temper and reviles
his opponents. The versatility of style
and the genial tone which characterized
his Democratic addresses in New York are
lacking. Daily companionship with Ruef
and the pleasing spectacle of Parry and
the colt do not afford him consolation.
Lane is displaying a little speed and some
originality. Night before last he trotted
out the Trojan horse as an offset to the
Parry colt. Lane has not made any spe
cial effort since his fizzle at the Turk
street Temple to break into the Union
Labor party. He is soliciting the, support
of workingmen on the ground of Gavin
McNab's devotion to the cause of labor.
There is no change in the general situa
tion. Crocker is leading". Schmitz is sec
ond and Lane is third. There are many
Indications of a bitter and ugly fight be
tween Schmitz and Lace for the honor of
second place.
REPUBLICANS HOPEFUL.
The Republicans are supremely con
fident. In factihere is danger of over
confidence. Politicians would not be sur
prised if Crocker received thirty thousand
votes on November 3. The average Re
publican vote in this city at the last
gubernatorial election was 23,000. The Re
publican vote Is registered and it is up
to the party leaders, the workers and
the candidates to bring the men to the
polls on election day. Ordinarily the vote
at a municipal election is lighter than that
of the preceding State election, but the
campaign now on in San Francisco is ex-"
ceptional In its spirit and enterprise.
Many Republicans regard it as the first
skirmish of the great national battle of
1904. The Army and Navy Republican
League is already in the field as an ac
tive agent in support of the party ticket.
The Governor of the State enjoins Repub
licans to support the admirable ticket.
United States Senators and Representa
tives in Congress may lend their active
support before the close of the contest.
Moreover the party Is well organized in
every Assembly district. All signs point
to a very large Republican vote and a
signal Republican victory.
REJECTS PETITION.
An examination by Registrar Walsh
yesterday of the petition of the Non-
Partisan Convention that it b*» aceordM
a place on the municipal, ballot at the
next election disclosed the fact that the
petition lacks 445 names of registered vot
ers to permit of favorable action on the
petition.
Th.9 petition was signed by 2307 signers.
of which 883 are not registered and thirty
six could not b? located. This leaves 13SS
registered voters who signed the petition.
Three per cent of the vote cast at the
last gubernatorial election, or 1833 signers
are necessary to Insure the placing of an
outside political party on the ticket.
Registrar Walsh had forty men work
ing up to 2:30 o'clock this morning in
vestigating the names on the petition,
which comprised twenty-five books.
At an»early hour this morning the pro- *
rooters of the so-called non-partisan move
ment had failed to produce the number of
petitioners required by law.
Many of the signers which the ring
leaders of the graft sought to foist on
the Election Commission were found to
be among the unregistered and many of
those who were registered participated in
the late primary election. The names of
dead men were also used to enlarge the
petition. Last night Arthur G. Fisk and
Jacob Steppacher on behalf of the United
Republican League filed a protest in the
Registrar's office setting forth that the
petition was insufficient and fraudulent
and ought to be rejected.
near Valencia. His audience here was
very apathetic. Possibly the red pepper
Incident of the previous meeting may
have been In a measure responsible for
the tameness of his speech, but be that
as It may, his remarks simply fell dead
on his auditors. They listened to what
he had to say in a respectful manner, but
never for a minute did he arouse the
slightest enthusiasm.
UNION LEAGUE MEETING.
The committee on political action of
the Union League met yesterday and ar
ranged (or a bier meeting to take place
at the Alhambra Theater on Monday
evening. October 28. Former Lieutenant
Governor Jacob II. N'eff, one of the best
known and most highly regarded of Re
publican leaders, will be chairman of the
meeting and will be introduced to the au
dience by Colonel George H. Pippy, pres
ident of the Union League. Hon. John
F. Davis of Amador, whose eloquent
speech at a Union League banquet chal
lenged the admiration of President Roose
velt, will speak to the people.
THE, SAN FRANCISCO CALIi. THURSDAY. OCTOBER 15, 1903.
Republican Nominees for Mayor and Assessor, and Leader Who Will Preside at Big Meeting.
7Sixth race, five furlongs, two-year-clds. sell
ing — Charles Schweitzer 110. Banquero> 108. So!
Smith 113, San Franclsquito 110. Pat Bulsrer
113. Red Cross Nurse 110. Annfe Marie 110.
Fifth race, one and a sixteenth miles. sell-
Ing — Cambaceres 110, Ilowaho 112, Admetus
107. Searcher 10S.
Fourth race, six furlongs, selling — Mare*%
115.. Myrtle H 104, Troy 104. Step Around »9.
Thisbe 104.
Third raes. live furlongs, sellin? — Esternell
114, Urban© 104. Blue Miracle 104, Judge Nap
ton 118. Loyal S 111. King Dellis 114. E*t;nl>
118. Roltalre 118.
Second race, six furlongs, selling — Phyz 107
Teufel 114. Miss Vera 114. Bicycle 10O. Botany
114. Sherry 107, Wachusett 114, Hi>mag* 114,
Penance 10O. /
LOS ANGELES ENTRIES.
First race, free-for-all trot, purx« $500—
George W. McKlnney. Rosell, Lady Madison,
Forest W. Ho Ilo. Redskin.
Six furlongs, selling— Skirmish. 1C0 (See). *
to 5. won: Chileno. 1C» (Kinkead). 10 to 1. sec
ond: El Piloto. 109 (Frawley), 4 to S. third
Time. 1:14. Frank Pearce and Tlzona also
ran.
One mile and fifty yards, free handicap — So
lon. 108 (I. Powell). 9 to 5. won; Warte N'lcht.
104 (L Jackson), even, second; Diamante. AS
(Hildebrand). 5 to 2. third. Time. 1:42^4.
Bragg and Father Wentker also ran.
LOS ANGELES, Oct. 1L— Weather fine,
track fa3t.
2:24 trot, three In five, purse $1000:
Rosie Wocdburn 1 1 1
Lady Zombro 2 6 5
Sutter 3 2 3
Zombowyette ....4 4 «
Jupiter B 5 3 2
Babe 6 5 4
Time— 2:13. 2:\~Vs. 2:10%.
Six furlongs, selling— Cherries. 109 (Tulletf).
3 to 2. won; Nona B, ICO (L. Jacksin), S to I.
second: Billy Mooore. 100 (I. Powell). 3 to 2.
third. Time. 1:14. Little Secret. Loyal S, Th*
Toller. Ingo and Louwelsea also ran.
Seven furlongs, selling — Constellator. 107 (L.
Jackson). 3 to 1. won: Tower of Candles, lftft
(Chandler). 7 to 10. second; Dr. Shorb, 110
(Smart). 7 to 1. third. Time. 1:26. Chub. Dolly
Weithoff and Respirator also ran.
One and a sixteenth miles, selling — Miracl*
n. 107 (Knapp). even, won; George Dewey. 104
(Hildebrand). 3 to 1. eecond: Dug Martin. 92
(Crosswaite), 5 to 1. third. Time, 1:43^. Max
Bendtx and Admetus also ran.
THE SUMMARIES.
ST. LOUIS SELECTIONS.
By the New York Telegraph.
First race — Bugle Horn, Judge
Denton, Cap and Gown.
Second race — Our Lillie, Lady
Fonso, Latoilla.
Third race — True Slue, "Wellesley,
Klowa Chief.
Fourth race — Brancas. "Walnut
Hill, Columbia Girl. *
Fifth race — Athelroy, * Dekaber,
Glennevis.
Sixth race — Lasso, Deer Hunter,
Olonetz.
Second race, five furlongs, selling, two-year
old fillies — Lady Wheelock 100. Always Faith
ful 105, Orievta 105. Our Lillle 105. Minnie
Johnson V>5. Cardona 105. Latolla 100, Lady
Fonso 105, Hoedown 100. Wootsy Winerd 105.
Enigma 100. Camora 110, Zama 100, Overhand
105. Bird Pond 105.
Third race, five and a half furlongs, selling,
two-year-olds and up — Legation 114, Dusty
Miller 103. Klowa Chief 95. Bradley Bill 95,
Volney 103, Phlllda 100, Tenny Belle 114,
Kingsboro 98, Kitty G 114. Great Star 114,
Wellesly 114, Sartor Resartus 100, Aylmer
Bruce 114. True Blue 114.
Fourth race, six furlongs, purse, all two
year-olds and up — Walnut Hill 90, Buccleuth
107, Burke Cockran 101. Columbia Girl ' 87,
Brancas 90. Elastic 111.
Fifth race, one mile, purse, all three-year
olds and up— Glennevis 98, Avoid 95. Captain
Gaines 110. Lady Strathmore 102, Captain Gas
ton 107. Dekaber 95, Treacy 103, Athelroy OS,
Ifxth race, one and an eighth miles, selling,
three-year-olds and up— Felton 100. Little
Corker 86. Eliza Cook 100. Landola 100, Olonett
91 Baronet 100. Deer Hunter 91. Ultra Vires
8«! Ecome 103, Eocrys 100, Prism 94, Russelton
100, Hegira 91, Lasso 95.
ST. LOUIS. Oct. 14.— Entries: '
First race, five and a half furlongs, two
vear-olds and us — Cap and Gown 10O. Capitol
90 Handseer 93, Soufriere ICO. Harry Beck 104,
Princess Me 104. General Prig 112, Buglehorn
03 Judge Denton 03, Soson 90, Benton 93, Susie
Letcher 109. Offset 100. Optimo 114.
ST. LOUIS ENTRIES.
Time 1:55%. Start gcod. Won handily.
Wlnrer. L. Lemn & Co.'s en. m. by Mag
netizer-Lasca. Pearl IMver 84, Eugenia S !V5.
Maghoni 84. Helen Hay SO, Llndenella 103,
Loone 103, also ran.
SIXTH RACi: — One and an eighth miles;
selling:
Betting. Horse, Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
7 to 10— Lasso, 98 (Livingston)... 3 2 11
8 to 1— Pyrrho, 102 (J. Taylor)... 8 7 2 nk
5 to 1— Goo Goo, S>4 (McKinney).. 7 6 3 1
FIFTH RACE — Six furlonss; selling:
Betting. Horse. Weight, Jockey. St. % Fin.
5 to 1 — Kilo. 95 (Austin) .. ... 4 4 1 nk
7 to 5 — Quaker Girl. 99 (Foley)... 3 1 2 IVi
9 to 2— Atlas. 97 (George) 2 2 3 nk
Time, 1:1514. Start good. Won driving.
Winner, T. P. Hayes' ch. g. by Donald A-
Dolittle. Lady Free Knight 05, Sadie Burcft
100, Serenity 102, Hugh McGowan 95, Jusquela
108. also ran.
FOURTH RACE: — On« mile and seventy
yards; sellinc:
Betting. Horse, Weight, Jbckey. St. % Fin.
4 to 1— Excentral, 83 (Calvit) 4 1 1 nk
3 to 1 — Bengal. 104 (Livingston)... 7 2 2 3
7 to 2— Athena. 82 (Perkins) 6 3 3 1
Time, 1:46^. Start good. \Von driving.
Winner. P. J. Miles' ch. f. by Esher-Excel
lenza. Kunja 109. Exapo 104. Don O'Hlgh S3,
Haven Run 85, Spencerlan 87, also ran.
THIRD RACE: — Six furlongs; selling.
Betting. Horse, Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
4 to 1 — Weird. 10G (Calvit).. 2 2 1 n
10 to 1— Lady Idrls. 100 (Plunket). 5 1 2 V,
7 to 5— Vestry, 105 (Austin) -10 6 3 h
Time. l:15Vi. Start gooa. Won driving.
Winner, J. A. Johnson's b. g. by Grayson-
Willie Stiff. Miss Guldo 97. Emily Oliver 102.
Bear Creek 100. ZIrl 105. Duela »7. Jean Ora
vier 100. Dr. Burns 100. Crime 100, Siddara
106, Bid Sliver 106, also ran.
SECOND RACB— Ona mils and seventy
yards: selllne:
Betting. Horse, Weight, Jockey. 3t. % Fin.
6 to 1— Launay. 83 (Dale) 3 2 13
11 to 5— ingol thrift. 85 (Perkins).. 6 1 2 12
7 to 1— Elie, 82 (Anderson) 4 4 3 1%
Time, 1:46%. Start good. Won easily.
Winner, W. Gerst's b. c. oy Inspector B-
Guiccloll. Ora McKlnney 89, Si Ah 104, Dr.
Holscher 107. Goldspot 82. W. B. Gates 100,
also ran.
Time. l:02Ja. Start fair. Won driving.
Winner. Hayes & Headley's ch. f. by Orna
ment-Bessie V. Lady Thistle 92. The Scamp
110, Denzil 110. Scotch Dance 97, Prince of
Proxy 100. Brick Fowler 02, Princess Mac
110. also ran.
ST. LOUIS. Oct. 14 V — To-dav's card at
the Fair Grounds was made up of ordi
nary fields, quantity being more promi
nent than quality. Close finishes occurred
in four of the events and good sport was
enjoyed by the large crowd present. Ori
ent and Lasso were the only winning fa
vorites. -The weather was cloudy and the
track fast. Summary:
FIRST RACE — Five furlongs; purse:
Betting. Horse, "Weight, Jockey. St. *4 Fin
6 to 6— Orient, 02 (Austin).. i I Ink
20 to 1— Nina Fly, 110 (Calvit)... 2 12 3
ltt to 1— Ida Davis. 92 (Davis) 3 4 3 1
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Liberality prevailed in the ring in the
betting on the first run, for the syndi
cators laid 3 to 2 and take your pick
against Cherries and Billy Moore. Loyal
S came next in demand at 11 to 5. Nona
B had a following, and led to the stretch,
where Fuller on Cherries took the lea<1,
winning cleverly from the black mare.
Billy Moore was third.
Miracle II. an even money favorite, with
"Big Bill" Knapp in the saddle, made a
gallop of the mile and a sixteenth sell-
Ing affair. The chestnut horse early as
sumed the front position and finished un
der double wraps five lengths In advance
of George Dewey. Admetua, the second
choice at 8 to 5, made a miserable show-
Ing. -
Puerl Wllkerson was so disgusted over
the ride Lee Jackson gave Warte Micht
in the mile and fifty yards handicap that
he threatened to ship his stable back to
Oakland. The colt was an even money
favorite, and Jackson cut out a pace that
made the track smoke. After reeltnir off
the first seven furlones In V33P&, the mile
in 1:39>4. Solon, which had been runner
up, passed the tiring three-year-old, win
ning comfortably in 1:42%. Brags was a
starter, but cut no figure.
In the concluding six-furlong sprint
Skirmish, the second choice, made all the
running, receiving the verdict at the wire
In a thre* head finish with Chlleno and
the favorite El Piloto.
F. E. MULHOLLAND.
LOS ANGELES. Oct! 14.— A fair sized
but not overdemonstrative crowd saw tha
handsome mare Rosie Woodburn take the
11000 Southern California stake for the
2:24 class trotters at the track this after
noon. The harness talent appeared at a
loss for a favorite. Zombowyette. Sutter
and the ultimate winner at different
stages of the betting enjoyed the call.
Rosie Woodburn finally held the position
secure and went out and won three
straight heats in sing-song fashion. Sut
ter annexed second money.
As usual, the field book did a land of
fice business on the five running events,
but the books in the ring were not be
sieged by players. Anything that looks
to have a chance is held at 6 to 3, and
thfs is gradually having its effect. Three
of the first choices were laid away,
among them Tower of Candles, a 9 to 10
chance from Caesar Young's barn. This
last mentioned catastrophe ruffled the
feelings of the oranee pickers, for they
cannot imagine such a short priced one
going by the board. The mare, with
Chandler up. skinned along In front for
six and a half furlongs, when she was
passed and beaten hands down by Con
stellator at odds of 3 to 1. The winner
covered the seven furlongs In 1:26, a track
record.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Handsome Mare Cap
tures Stake for s 2:24
Class Trotters.
Class Is Lacking in the
Races at St.
Louis.
TWO FAVORITES
FIRST TO WIRE
ROSIE WOODBURN
WINS THE RACE
The Victorian gold yield for the last
four months amounted to 241,098 ounces.
The lock to be placed C in the t Danube-
Oder-canal will be 131 feet hlgh-»the high
est In the world, , .
The first of the 1 soft ball handball con
tests took 1 place last night at the Olym
pic Club with .the' following results: T.
G. Ferguson beat Heijry Stern; 21-4, 21-14;
F. C. Wegener defeated Al Bullion, 21-15,
21-16. ;
Olympic^ Club Handball.
The fate of the indoor sports at Me
chanics' ¦ Pavilion announced for, next
week under the auspices of the Olympian
Games Committee hangs In the balance.
A meeting JTiir be held to-morrow night
to determine whether they shall be aban
doned or "prorndted.
The registration : committee of the Pa
cific Athletic Association has . suspended
Boxer Tom Sullivan for one year for fail
ing ; to' appear' at the association boxing
tournament for which he was entered.
Dick-Hyland, Charles Dunn and George
Murray have' .been suspended until such
time as they settle dues It is claimed they
owe the Occidental Club.
The Hayes Valley Club officials were
cited to. appear and explain why they al
lowed Charles Dunn to appear at an ex
hibition, knowing he was suspended by
the Occidental Club.
The association- will- hold another box
ing tournament on November 6.
May Abandon Indoor Games.
The majority of- the clubs entertained
members and guests at elaborate ban
quets last night in the shooting lodges.
The sportsmen will be out at daybreak
this morning in quest of sport. Ducks
are plentiful, but it Is a problem what
effect the warm, weather will have on
them. • \
It is expected tbe first bombardment
will drive, them off 'the preserves and Into
the bay, where they will be inaccessible.
This condition would not prevail if there
was wind, as that would keep the ducks
in motion. : ,, •,',>;>:.;
There was an unusual exodus of sports
men from this city yesterday, the object
ive Joint being the duck preserves all
along the bay shore, both north and
south:
Men Owning Preserves Will Be on
Hand This Morning to Open
the Season. \
DUCK SHOOTERS LEAVE '
IN LARGE NUMBERS
A $50 trophy cup has been secured and
will become the permanent property of
the winninc team. The team of the local
school is training hard, p.nd is confident
of .bringing back* the trophy. Following
are. the members of the teams who will
go to Ukiah and the events:
Sheehan. 440-ynrd dash; MIddleton, 100-yard
dash; Sites and Whitman, 220- yard dash; Ba
ker 880-yard dash and mile run: Melvln and
Dozler. 120-yard and 220-yard hurdles; Mel vin
and Vesper, broad Jump: Hutchlnson, pole
vault: Sites. Whitman. Sheehan, Vesper, Coyne
and .Walker, one mile relay.
OAKLAND, Oct. 14.— A dual meet of
the track teams of the Oakland High
School cjid the Ukiah High School was
arranged by telephone this afternoon by
the captains of the two teams. The meet
will be held on the Ukiah track on Octo
ber 24. " ,
Boys of Oakland High School Will
Compete With TJkiah High
. • • October 24.
TRACK TEAMS WILL
HOLD DUAL MEET
CITY OFFICIALS TRY
. SKILL WITH REVOLVERS
Treasurer McDougald and His Depu
ties Test New Weapons for
Defense.
The new revolvers recently purchased
by the city for the use of the treasurer's
deputies were given a test yesterday morn
ing at the police range, in the basement
of the City Hall. Treasurer McDougald
was astonished at the skill displayed by
his office force in the handling of the six
shooter, and in turn amazed his subordi
nates by making a score which was only
surpassed by Chief Deputy Devoto and
John Rainsbury, the police officer as
signed to duty in .the Treasurer's ofilce..
Officer Rainsbury had charge of the
shooting contest, and the scores out of a
possible sixty points at the fifty-yard
range were as follows:
John E. McDougald.4 43634QS454 4 IS
C. B. Perkins 2 4354S45344 3 — W
I. Wertheimer 4 234B4C4342 3 — »;{
L. A. Devoto. .......3 4554544645 5— 53
J. C. Tomalty 3 455234 3 524 2 — *2
J. A. Whltesides...2 324525235 4 2 39
M. C. Allen 5 4523442523 4 — 13
Officer Rainsbury ..44355544445 4 — 51
Japanese Win Shooting Match.
.VICTORIA, B. C, Oct. 14.— A Peking
dispatch tells of a shooting competition
between picked teams from the British,
American and Japanese legations at the
Chinese capital. The Japanese won, with
the Americans second. The officer com
manding the Americans complimented the
Japanese on their good shooting.
George Gardner Arrives.
George Gardner, who . holds the . light
heavywheight boxing championship title,
arrived here from Chicago last night. , He
Is matched to box Fitzsimmons , on the
25th of next month. Gardner weights 167
pounds now and expects to be at his best
Morris Levy will give Young Corbett
GO per cent of the receipts and three
round trip tickets from New York if fie
will fight Hanlon here -next month. Han
lon is willing, but Corbett" has not been
heard from in the matter.
The Brltt-Seiger fight still hangs in the
balance. Manager Greggains of the San
Francisco Athletic Club has; given his
ultimatum. He will be at Harry Corbott's
at 6 o'clock to-morrow night, when the
men were to weijrh in.
If Brltt is in such a condition then that
he cannot expect to fight during the pres
ent month Greggains will claim Brltt's
$500 forfeit and will proceed to make an
other match. Roach says he will not
claim his share of Britt's forfeit, but as
funds are reported low in his strong, box
he may be forced to claim some recom
pense for himself and Seiger.
Greggains will claim his share of the
forfeit money, he says, as a matter of
business. He would not expect Britt to
make any concessions if- he failed to
carry out his part of the contract.
A number of matches were spoken of
yesterday. Seiger offers to fight Hanlon
at 130 pounds, the weighing to be done
at. 6 o'clock. Hanlon holds out for ring
side, claiming Seiger would probably
weigh 134 pounds at the ringside if the
weight was . taken at 6 o'clock. . It is
Manager Roach's Intention to take
Seiger to San Rafael to-day, where he
will endeavor to get him down to 130
pounds. He will then determine what he
will do with Hanlon's offer.
Joe Gans wants to , come "West again
to fight Seiger, either here or in Los
Angeles. Seiger will meet him, but he
insists on Gans weighing 133 pounds at
6. o'clock. It is not considered possible
for the wily negro to do this.
The injury to Brltt is in the foot and
not in the ankle. It was placed in splints
yesterday and to-day massage will be ap
plied. If the injury yields to treatment.
Britt may be able to keep his engagement
later In the month.
About 2:25. trotting 1 , to wacron, amateur
drivers — Kulalla K won the second and third
heats In 2:25 and 2:25%. Diana S won the
first heat in 2:2S%. Red Leaf, Watson and
Pence also started.
The Lexington two-year-old trotting, purse
$2000 — Grace Bond won two straight heats In
2:17V4 and 2:14»,i. Jessie Benyon. California
Cresceus, Alice Edgar, Fatty Felix, - Totara
and Becueath also started.
. The previous world's record for six
heats to a race was made in the Transyl
vania last year, in which the heats were
trotted in an average of 2:0S 11-12. To
day's race lowered ..the record by one
third of a second. Summary:
The McDowell stakes, 2:10 trotting, purse
$5000 (unfinished) — Monte Carlo won the first
and second heats In 2:07%, Dr. Strong won the
fifth and sixth heats In 2:09% and 2:13. Haw
thorne won the third and fourth heats in
2:0C»4 and 2:08»/,. The Roman, Walnut Hall
and Dan T also started.
2:13 class, pacing, purse $1000 — Bald Hornet
won three straight heats, in 2:10, 2:07% and
2:07%. Dr. Marvin. Doctor H. Stlpulator.
Midway, Westre. Vyzole and Credette also
started.
LEXINGTON, K>\, Oct. 14.— The fastest
six heats ever trotted in one race failed
to produce a winner in the McDowell
stakes. The race is for 2:10 trotters,
purse $5000. Two heats each have been
won by Monte Carlo, Hawthorne and Dr.
Strong. The deciding heat was post
poned on account of darkness and will
be trotted to-morrow.
McDowell Stakes for
2:10 Trotters Still
Undecided.
Manager Greggains Says
His Club Must Be
Reimbursed.
SIX FAST HEATS
AND NO WINNER
BRITT'S FORFEIT
TO BE CLAIMED
WORTH ENTB.IES
CHICAGO, Oct. 14. — Entries:
Kirst race, one and an eighth miles, selling —
Boaupard 100. Florence H 100. Sprlngstead 100.
Red Cliff 100, Attila 100. Boundary 97, Gua
dalquiver 97. Snowdrift 97.
Second race, six furlongs — Bay Wonder 115,
BeautUul and Best 113, Barkelmore 110, Clau
fus 110. The Don 110. Topsoll 107. Sanetomo
105, Glisten 1C2. Aggie Lewis 87, Alamode 84.
Third race, one and an eighth miles, selling —
Flngal 107. Alfred C 106. Lady Chorister 104.
Eda Riley 104, Antolee 104. Carat 102. Omdur
man 102. Barrack 102. Louisville 100, Blue
mint 95.
Fourth race, five and a half furlongs, Oak
land stakes — English Led 12S, Dick Bernard
121. Auditor 121, Flo Bob 121. Alllsta 110.
Mayor David S. Rose 110, Clangor 108, Leila
105.
Fifth race, seven furlonc*, handicap — Grand
Opera 120, Topsoll 90, Olympian 118, Toah 113.
Jack Ratlin 107, St. Tammany 105. Ethylene
104, Callant 103. Sidney C. Love 102. Brief 98.
Palm Reader 00. Grand Opera and Topsoil,
Hildreth'e entry.
Sixth race, one mile. Belling — Examiner 114,
Fir Launcelot 112. Mary Lavanna 105, Frank
Rice 104. Curous 104. Christine A 103. Calcutta
103. Odran 100. Prodigal Son 100. Custus 101.
Earah Maxim 101. She gun 90. Florectan US, Jet
87. Rosie Dillon 92, Marlln 92.
WOBTH SELECTIONS.
By the Chicago Inter Ocean.
First race — Snowdrift, Attila, Bed
Cliff.
Second race — The Don, Aggie
Lewis, Bay Wonder.
Third race — Louisville, Barrack,
Bluemlnt. *
Fourth race — Auditor, Dick Ber
nard, English Lad.
Fifth race — Grand Opera, Toah,
St. Tammany.
Sixth race — Cursus, Sarah th^-Ht^
Mary Lavana.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, Oct. 14.—
The football game between the Stanford
Varsity and the Fort Baker eleven, which
¦was scheduled for this afternoon, has
been postponed until to-morrow, at the
request of the Fort Baker team. They
' vrlll meet the Cardinal eleven at 3:30 on
the campus gridiron.
Football Game Postponed.
FAMOUS LACROSSE PLATERS, MEMBERS OF THE GREAT VANCOU
VER TEAM, WHICH WILL. PLAY ITS FIRST GAME IN THIS CITY
• TO-DAY AGAINST THE TECUMSEHS.
BRIGHTON SELECTIONS.
By the New York Telegraph.
First race — Zadok, Cloverland, Guy
Park.
Second race — Toscan, High Chan
cellor, Prince Chlng.
Third race — Surmise, Caughnawa
ga, Warranted.
Fourth race— Futurita, Gay Boy,
Ascension.
Fifth race — Sourire, Sailor Knot,
Piquet.
Sixth race — Bolina, Channel,
Salora. .
against the Vancouver team,
champions of British Columbia, The ball
will be "faced" at 3 p. m.
The Vancouver men arrived by steamer
yesterday morning. To-morrow morning
the famous Shamrocks of Montreal, hold
ers of the championship of the world,
will reach San Francisco. On Saturday
afternoon the Shamrocks will play the
Vancouver team for the world's cham
pionship.
These teams have already met twice,
each having won one match. Thpir third
and decisive meeting is being looked for
ward to with great Interest throughout
Canada. The game is expected to be a
fast and keen one. The deciding match
was to have been played last Saturday in
Vancouver, but continuous rain rendered
its postponement unavoidable. The Sham
rocks then determined to come south and
meet their formidable opponents in San
Francisco. On Saturday night the two
teams will be entertained at dinner.
The game on Sunday will be Vancouver
against an all-California team.
The line-up of the teams for this after
noon's match will be as follows:
Vancouver^. Position. Tecumsehs.
Norman Goal Carroll
Reynolds Point Degan
Torke Cover point Lynch
Barr First defense Burden.
Allen Second defense.... Renwlck
Morrison Third defense Beckwlth
Matheson Center Lyons
Murray Third home Theberg
Cowan Second home Judge
Cao First home Darraglt
O'Brien Outside home Williams
Godfrey Inside home Coutta
Cinquevalli 10S, Biserta 105. Highlander 108,
Ingold 10C. Demurrer 103, Illyria 113, Futurlta
100, Daisy Green 100, Gay Boy 110. Ascension
102. Foxy Kane 103, King Pepper 107.
Fifth race, six furlongs — Monet 105, Wizard
112. St. Jolly 97, Ninepln 09. St. Roma 99, The
Bowery 97. Short Cake 94, Rourlre 105, Toma
hawk 1C5, Gypsy Ben 94, Bob Murphy 105,
Sailor Knot 110, Sneer 94;- Anna Hastings 94,
Tender Crest M, Edna Edwards 94, Piquet 105,
Gansevoort 102.
Sixth race, one and a sixteenth miles — Bolina
102. Queen Elizabeth 105, Rathbride 90, Salora
102, Widow's Mite 02, Amlnte 103, Channel 90,
Lady Knlshthood 95.
ON the National baseball grounds,
at Ninth and Bryant streets, to
day the Tecumseh lacrosse team
of this city will play a match
Tecumsehs of This City
to Play Vancou
ver Team.
Wins by a Nose in a
Terrific Drive at
Worth.
BRIGHTON ENTRIES.
NEW YORK, Oct. 14.— Entries:
First race, one and a sixteenth miles — Guy
Park 108. Cloverdale 100, Cyrano 103, Widow's
Mite 94. Mary Worth 103. Trlllando 90. Vltelllus
103. Zadok 90, Blue Victor 103. The Dancer 103.
Cavlet 102, Squid 92. Dr. BIssell 00. Spring Silk
100. All Gold 107, Semper Vlvax 101, Home Sig
nal 09.
Second race, six furlongs — Tristeese 108. Sen
tinel 103. Prince Chlng 108. Toscan 112, St.
Daniel 111, High Chancellor 108, Counterpoise
108. Orloff 103, Nine Spot 108, Princess Tulane
108.
Third race, one and a quarter miles — Caugh
nawaga 125, Hurst bourne 113, W. R. Condon
106. Lady Potentate 103, Sheriff Ball 103, Moon
Daisy 102, Surmise 100, Lord Badge 100, War
ranted 100, Wyefleld 98. Gold Bell 86.
Fourth race, six furlongs, Jamaica stakes—
SIXTH RACE— Maiden two-year-olds; six
furlongs.
Betting. Horse, Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
2 to 1— TMmple, 100 (Fuller) 2 112
12 to 1— Raider. 109 (Hicks) 6 3 2 1»4
10 to 1 — Colleen Bawn. 109 (Ganon) 7 5 3 h
Time. 1:14 1-5. Start fair. Won easily.
Winner, E. R. Thomas' b. f. by Mirthful-
Myrtle Harkness. Fort Plain 112, Aurnmaster
109, Pol Roger 112. Beroca 112. Tower 109,
Cantaloupe 109. San Remo 112, Donnelly 112,
Hiawatha 116, Ori.«tany 112. May Holladay 109,
Gunwad 110, Billy Roche 110. also ran. Sono
ma Bell 109 and Clytie 109, fell.
FIFTH RACE — Handicap; one and an eighth
miles.
Bstting. Horse. Wefrht. Jockey. St. «i Fin.
8 to 1 — Carbuncle. 115 (Redfern).. 8 7 12
C to 1— Tribes Hill. 115 (Pickering) 7 4 2 IV,
8 to 1— M. Richardson. 112 (Hicks) 4 5 3 i-i"
Time. 1:54. Start fair. Won easily. Win
ner. R. S. Wilson Jr.'s br. g. by Stuyvesant-
Garnet. Brigand IOC. Warranted 115. Lord
Badge 113. Faulconbridge J12. Sir Roche 104,
Gold Bell 93, Lord Advocate 107. also ran.
FOI~RTH RACE — The Undergraduate stakes;
two-year-olds; five furlongs.
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. *4 Fin.
9 to 2 — Emergency, 102 (Gannon) 2 1 1 1M.
11 to 10— Hello. 104 (O'Neill) 7 3 2 1*
& to 2— Eagle. 9C (Hlgtrins) 1 2 3 sj
Time. 1:00. Start good. Won driving. Win
ner. L. V. Bell's b. g. by Bathampton-Crisis.
Gay Ltzette. 94. Inquisitive Girl 107, Ruth Par
rlsh 94, Monsoon 107, Merry Moments 100, Fine
Art 104, also ran.
THIRD RACE — S?lllng:; one and a sixteenth
miles.
Betting. Horse., Weight. Jockey. St. »; Fin.
3 to 1— McMeekin, 111 (Burns).. 3 2 1 n
13 to 10— Wild Plrate,104 (O'Neill/ 4 8 2 3
6 to 1 — Stroller. 107 (Fuller) 6 1 ;i 14
Time, 1:40 3-5. Start fair. Won driving.
Winner, W. M. Barrick's b. h. by Fonso-Dalsy
Rose. Ella Snyder 107, Locket 104, Rough
RHer 109. Mtlsterslnger 101, Allan 90. McWll
llams 103, Irish Jewel 101. also ran.
SECOND RACE— Selling; one and an eighth
miles.
Betting. Horse, Weight. Jockey. St. ?J Fin.
"to 1 — Nevermore. V4 (J. Jones)... 1 4 1 «i
12 to 1— The Regent. 10T. (Connell) * 1 2 2
30 to 1 — Cottage Maid, 105 (Redfrn) 2 2 3 h
Time. 1:51. Start fair. Won easily. Win
ner. F. Regan's br. c. by Lamplighter- The
Otctt. Outsider 105, Stonewall 103, Sambo 103
H. L. Coieman 9S, Hoodwink 110, Monograph
103. also ran.
BRIGHTON BEACH RACE TRACK.
Oct. 14.— Frank Miller, rider of Clytie In
the sixth race to-day, was thrown by a
fall, crushed by his mount, never recov
ered consciousness and was dead long
before the race crowd had started for the
city. The accident to Clytie was due to
the fact that Sonoma Bell fell at the half
mile pole and the dust caused by her fall
prevented Miller seeing the prostrate filly
right in his path. Clytie fell over Sonoma
Bell.
When the track ambulance reached the
little group Miller was unconscious. His
limp body was lifted Into an ambulance,
which was rapidly driven along the quar
ter stretch and into the paddock. Uni
formed officers lifted the stretcher upon
which Miller's body lay and conveyed it
to a room set apart for the use of in
jured riders. A large crowd, including
many women, gathered outside* the room
and to hide the youth from the sight of
the curious curtains were drawn acros3
the windows. Miller lived only a few min
utes.
The jockey was 2S years of age and a
Mexican by birth. He was brought North
by John J. McCafferty and afterward was
employed by Louis Stuart and William
Becker. The latter was his last regular
employer, although Clytie, which the
jockey was riding at the time of his fatal
accident, is the property of Benjamin
Eckert. It was said that Miller was en
gaged to be married to a daughter of
Michaels, the fruit dealer at the track. •
In the first race John E. . Madden's
crack two-year-old. The Minute Man,
ridden by Fuller, was injured during the
running and on the first turn beyond the
Judges' stand his rider dismounted be
cause the colt was hobbling on three legs.
It was a miracle that the colt did not fall
during the race. His off hind pastern
had sustained a compound fracture.
There was no evidence of any horse hav
ing jumped upon The Minute Man and
the cause of the accident could not be
ascertained.
The Minute Man was destroyed after
an examination had revealed the extent
of his injury. One bullet ended the ca
reer of the youngster, which had become
femous through defeating McChesney
upon the latter's first appearance on a
local race course. The Minute Man was
valued at $20,000. Only a few days ago he
won the cott division of the Matron
stakes at Morris Park. Summary:
FIRST RACE— Handicap; all ages- six fur
longs.
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. «i Fin
3 to 1— Damon. 97 (Biggins) 6 4 1 h
S to 6— Astarita, 117 (S. Hicks)... 13 22
8 to 1— Wealth. 116 (Coburn) 6 C » h
Time. 1:13 2-5. Start fair. Won driving
Winner. R. H.'McC. Potter's blk. c. by Namad-
Rosalie. Parislenne 10S. Elsie L OS Gravina
102, Van Ness 110. Right and True 100. Kin
nlkinnlc 92, Pent.iur 100. al«o ran. The MJn
utt? Man 101 broke a leg and was destroyed.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SIXTH RACE — Fix furlongs; celling:
Betting. Horse Weight Jockey. St. *i Fin.
25 to 1— Angelo. 109 (D. Hall).... 5 1 1 h
3 to 1— Zyra. 11C (Dcmlnlck) 8 6 2 h
10 to 1— Spec. 103 (Adklns) 11 5 3 1
Time 1:15 1-5. Start strangling. Won driv
ing. Winner. J. D. McMillan & Co.'s ch. g.
by Hermence-Useful. Ponea 109. Bab 114.
Schwarzwald 114 Catherine Chinn 109 Evelyn
B>rd 114 James J. Corbett 117. Ledus 119,
Goodman 109, Little Mission 109. Charlie
<Jraiiy;er 114, Merry Flight 103. Lola L 100,
John Powers 109. also ran.
Time. 1:44. Start bad. Won easily. Win
ner Ward & Harlan's br. m. by Purse Bearer-
Martha Burch. Frank M 102 Bard of Avon
1<4. Lady Matchless 96. Eda Rilry 104, C. U.
Campbell 103. Tancred 103, Ivernla 101, Lam-
Ixxm H3. also ran.
FIFTH RACE— Mile and seventy yards;
selling:
letting. Horse . Weight Jockey. St. % Fin.
K to 1— Ethel Whosit 1O5 (Hall).. 3 113
7 to 2— Cl-nrice. J<5 tWMqon) 2 2 2 1
30 to 1 — Flpuron. 105 <EHen) 9 C 3 h
. FOt-RTH RACE— Six furjongs; selling:
Betting. Horse. Weight Jockey. St. * t Fin.
4 to 1— Belle Mahone. 104 (Pollak) 8 2 12
7 to 1— Paul Whalej-. 109 (Wll6on)15 8 2 3
30 to 1— Marco. 104 (Oliphant) 10 6 3 h
Time, 1 :13 4-f». Start utracgllng. Won eas
ily. Winner. James Arthur's ch. f. by De
ceiver-Ada IV. Floral Wreath 100. Joe Goss
lift Satchel 114 Premus 114, Dutch Carter
114. Eva's Darling 116 Zibla 109. Fair Lady
Anna 1<W. Klmberly li4, Tom Kingsley 114,
>-":. u.;-l.k:i 103. Jove 117. olso ran.
Time, 1 :S9. Start good. Won driving. Win
ttr. C. E. Rowe'» b. f. by Meddler-8prlngtld«.
I Know 106. Talpa 106. Coruscate 103. alsa ran.
THIRD RACE — One mile; purse:
nettlnK- Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
4 to 5 — Colonial Girl. 100 (Hall).. 3 I 1 *i
JO to 1— ¦Wttfull. 106 (S. Bonner). 6 2 2 4
40 to 1 — Sarah Maxim, 96 tH.
Phillips) 4 4 3 h
SECOND RACE— Five and a half furlong*:
rturwe:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
1 to 2 — Golden nule. 115 (Afiklns) 12 12
JS to 5 — Tam O'Shanter, 101 <H.
Phillips) 6 5 2 3
CO to 1— The CriFis, 101 (Wilson).. 5 S 3 3>4
Time 1:06 1-5. Start good. Won easily.
Winner" C E. Durnell's ch. r. by Golden Gar
tcr-L,ucille Murphy. Never Fret 115, Whisky
King 118 Ncrvator 106, also ran.
FIRST RACE — Six furlongs; purser
Petting. Horse. Weight. JockT. S*. K Fin
13 to 10 — FomastcT. 106 (William) O 1 1 n
S to 1— Trog*n 10.1 <D. Hall).... 3 3 2 h
20 to 1— Fly Lady. 103 (Wilson).. 12 3ft
nine, 1:14 3-5. Start strappling. Won driv
ing. Winner Boots & Hollrnback's ch. c. by
linitus-Forma. Bill Walters 103. Edward Hale
100. Pond 106 Coroner Kelly 108. Black \\ olf
106. Woodlyn* 106, Trap Setter 110. Mayor
JJavid S. Rose 110 Mary Dunn© 103. Belle
Juan 103 Delemont 103. also ran.
The track was at its best and the at
tendance good. Rain fell during the last
two races. Three favorites won. Sum
mary:
CHICAGO. Oct. 14.— In a hair-raising
finish Colonial Girl, the 9 to 10 favorite,
won the third race of the Worth card
to-day by a nose from \Vitfull, a 10 to 1
shot, covering the mile in 1:39. the fast
est race of the meeting. Wltfull's rush
In the last eiehth would havf put Mc-
Chesney to rout, and a jump beyond the
winning line she was a half length to the
good. Jockey Hall punished Colonial Girl
severely from the head of the stretch
home and Fhe swerved badly, going from
the middle of the track to the inside rail,
while Wilfull finished on the extreme out
side near the fence. This made the finish
deceptive, many believing that Witfull
had won.
Special Correspondence of The Call
Jockey Frank Miller's
Mount Palls and He
Is Killed.
COLONIAL GIRL
BEATS WITFULL
ACCIDENTS MAR
BRIGHTON RACES
CHAMPION TEAMS OF LACROSSE PLAYERS ARE TO MEET
AT NATIONAL BASEBALL PARK IN SERIES OF GAMES
SPORTS OF THE RUNNING AND TROTTING TURF, THE PRIZERING AND THE VARIED FIELD OF ATHLETICS
THE £AN FBA3S CISCO CALL, THURSDAY, OCTOBER 15, 1903.
8
ADVERTTSETyrEMTS.
In S. S. S. Nature has provided a tonic suited to
y$^2^<Z\$S) every requirement of the system when in a debilitated,
run down condition. It contains no strong minerals or
drugs, but is a pleasant vegetable preparation. You can find no better
remedy for toning up the nerves and bringing refreshing, restful sleep when
in a low state of health, or sick and worn out with work or worry.
S. S. S. improves the I have no hesitancy in recommending your S. S. S.
appetite, aids thedlges- * 8 * h * 1 b .i st . Sprl i l i 8r i ton1 ?. on tho market. I have used
tion and reinforces \he X\&^
system, and its good ef- -gg o^^fe^toni^f^ mfen^ 11^ *
fects are seen almostfrom Yours truly, iSwis s i^ebtw
the first dose. It acts Cm. Stoll, Hamilton & Co. LeS^afky.
promptly in cases of chronic dyspepsia, indigestion and all stomach troubles
and does away with the uncomfortable fullness, nausea, shortness of breath' |
drowsiness and dizziness #iat so often come after eating. '
S. S. S. is not only the best tonic but possesses alterative or purifying
properties, and if there is any taint, humor or poison in the blood it
searches it out, and y removes it. Many times a low state of health is due
to a bad condition of the blood and can only be remedied by a blood purifier
and tonic combined, or such a remedy as S. S. S. v
If you suffer from debility, insomnia, nervousness, loss of appetite
bad digestion, or any of the symptoms of a disordered blood, nothing will
so soon put your blood in good condition, invigorate and tone ud the
system as S. S. S. H
THE SWIFT SPECIFIC CO., ATLANTA, GA.
_•____ ADVERTISETyrENTS. .
COGeOQ000003000COOOOCOOOO©0000000000©000000
I Men, Women, Here
I IS HEALTH AND STRENGTH.
9 /^S^JScSl Sick. and weak people: X can cure yon
® l^^^kffk with Electricity, as I Hav« curad thou-
© &3£? V*t{ sands of others. X can make tha blood
® 3bl nJnjK jR circulate ta your veins, the nerves tingle
vfil?^'*/ with vig-oroua life and the spirit of en-
® r&^j3] ergy show itself in every move of your
.*>Kf body. X have told yon that Electricity
9 Ji^ \\ is "Life," and now all scientists and
9 f """"Aw. doctors are approving 1 my ¦clnf Tn - X>et
9 £ vv m0 P rove 1* *° Toxl; let me snow yon
® iV.V.^Jf kow my met hod of apply tagr thin (Teat
% Vv^^vS* a \ Jl power has revolutionized medical treat-
I Dr - McLaughlin's
s EIectric Belt
© Biffi mi/ II' UU'&S^S is a modei., a modieu home
q BSBEmOf I J TSEATME3IT.
O My twenty years of study are shown in this urand appliance. You will
A wear it with comfort at night, and the ELECTRICITY infused into your
O body cures all Nervous and Vital Trouble. Kidney and Bladder Troubles.
JS Rheumatism, Lame Back. Indigestion. vVeak Stomach and all forms of
£f pain and weakness. It restores the life while you sleep, and must cure.
• Mr. B. Cavalli of Kearny Park, Fre3no. Cal.. writes: "Your Belt has
• done more for me than I ever expected. I have been in bad health for
© the last twelve years, trying everything I could think of without obtaining
fi the least relief. Now I consider myself entirely cured. I used to be weak
a and full of pain; now I am strong and healthy. I shall be glad to answer
A any question in regard to the merits of your treatment."
2 DO YOU SUFFER? If so. don't hesitate, don't waste your time on
2 drugs, which give no strength. Wear this life-saving appliance as I dl-
• rect and It will cure you. Come and see me to-day. See what has been
O done for others. Test it free, get my free advice and follow it. You will
O find it the road to health.
• READ 2S£T BOOKZ.
S! I have a book which every man should read (one for women also) It
X tells facts that are of interest to every man who wants to remain youne
2 in vitality at any age. Send for this book to-day, if you can't call { mall
9 it sealed, free. If you call I will give you a free teas. Remember mv
© belt does not burn, though you can feel the current and can regulate It
9 I warrant It to give a strong current for years, though no man who uses it
Q right needs it. over three, months. Cut this out and act to-day
I Dr. M. C. McLaughlin, 90 S|^
9 Office Hours — 8 a. m. to 8 p. m.; Sundays. 10 to 1.. ..WILMINGTON^ DeLJt Oct. , 14.— Mrs. Emma
F.- Qulgley " aged 60 ' years,' committed '• suicide
to-day 1 by,: hanging. - ' She had been ; despondent
.since the. death of her sister, two months ago.
'.'' Rev. N. Robert , E. Lee*. Craig, recently of
.Trinity Cathedral, .Omaha/ has arrived in
this J city.' and - entered .upon his duties : of
minister^Hn^chargerof ' Grace : He
b will '"commence i his ' new duties on Sunday
Rev. '¦ R." EC, L.' Craig Arrives.
Ask for the gas girl at the S.F. Gas
and Electric Co.'s. 'This little souvenir* is
a' beauty.'- Cars " stop at^ the - office, i 4 1 5
Post street. *\.'\ . ¦ V ; •
TAMPA; ;:Fla.,' Oct. 14.— Ex-Governor
Henry . L..** Mitchell ; died : at , his home" here
to-day,, agedi 70 ; years. - From '1888 to \ 1890
he -was /Justice ,t>f ¦ the Supreme •: Court h of
the State and from 1893 to 1897 Governor.- •
Ex-Governor Mitchell Dies.
- /An entertainment will be given for 1 the
benefit of, the building fund of Stl Francis
Church on • Friday evening, October. 23, at
Native; Sons'.' Hall." The two-act 'comedy
."Among the Breakers". will; be presented
by*the. following talented~amateurs: Miss
Lily Graham; Miss 'Constance Fisher, Miss
Lillian Beaumont, Miss , Helen Daly, T.'
O'Brien, " R. '': Behan, C. '¦ Bulottl, William
Harrison, M.' Donlgan and " Fred : W.
Huker. V '. " * v . ; ,v "...--•¦'.¦ ~.%— .
To Present Farce.
.WASHINGTON, Oct. 14.— The Secretary
of the Interior to-day authorized -.the let
ting of contracts for the construction of
the ' works necessary to ~ the building t 'of
the. big dam in connection wlthT the, pro
posed irrigation "\ reservoir .near^ Phoenix,
Ariz. > These , r works consist of a cement
plant, v an . electrical power-house, * a steam
power plant, a sawmill and a telephone.
Authorizes Irrigation Contracts.
¦ The Santa Fe will , sell tickets at one fare
for tho round trip, good on any train arriving
at .Tularq October, 16 and 1 17, return limit ten
days later. Music < and oratory, monster bar
becue [ and free drives to points of interest.
Particulars at 641 Market street. •
Celebrating s Payment of Irrigation
; • Bonds.
GRAND JUBILEE AT TULARE.
DENVER, Oct. 14.-A special to the Re
publican from Grand Junction, Colo., says
a verdict of murder in the second degree
was returned late; to-day In the case of
William La' Fair, charged with the kill
ing of Eben T. : Massey on September 5.
The leniency, of the court was recom
mended. Both were prominent ranchmen
of the Unaweep country in Mesa County,
and the trouble arose over Irrigation
rights. Sentence was not pronounced.
Massey was from Millington, Md.', where
he was a member of a prominent and
wealthy family. -.
Ranchman Convicted of Murder.
BOGOTA, Oct. 14.— The Senate commit
tee ; charged with drawing up : a bill au
thorizing the President of. the republic
to negotiate a new canal treaty\ with 1 the
United States to-day presented 'the' pro
ject ; to! the' Senate. ; It provides that the
latter must approve or disapprove the ex
tension of the ¦ concession for six years
granted to the new, Panama Canal Com
pany in' 1900. If thia is disapproved, ..Co
lombia will reimburse $1,000,000 to the com
pany, with interest, and will take posses
sion of the . canal works . next year, in
! which case this republic will then be able
to negotiate a new treaty with the Uni
ted States. If the extension' of the conces
sion is approved by the Senate the ; new
Panama Canal Company will have" until
the year 1906 to fulfill its obligations.' '
.The Senate will take up the bill on Mon-"
day. -' '. \'. • — '"¦¦-¦. ¦ ¦ ".' '¦
V It. is pointed- out, that authorizations
given to the • executive by the, Senate to
negotiate are' valueless, 8 * ' as the
executive,- according to the; constitution,
can negotiate treaties without authoriza
tion from the Senate and present them to
Congress for approval,' and any 'law
amending the constitution to this or any
other; effect must - be sanctioned by two
consecutive Congresses. ' . . -V-
Committee Reports Plan in Which
' Unnecessary Authorizations to Ex
. ecutive Are Attempted.
PBESENTS NEW SCHEME . . «
TO COLOMBIAN SENATE
this always, because we must not neglect
money-getting and the promotion of great enter
prises, ¦which, as e\-crybody knows, are the
evidences of a nation's prosperity and influ
ence. A great many people and a great deal of
time are necessary to patriotically care for
these things; and Eomehow it is more pleasant
to promote the country's good and at the same
time- our own financial prospects In this way
than by habitually meddling in politics.
GARB OF IMMUTABLE FAITH.
There is an habitual associate of American
civic indifference and listles&ncss which re
inforces their malign tendencies and adds tre
mendously to the dangers that threaten our
body politic. This associate i>lays the role
of a smooth, insinuating confidence operator.
Clothed in the garb of immutable faith in the
invulnerability of our national greatness. It
invites our admiring gaze to the flight of the
American eagle, and assures us that no tem
pestuous weather can ever tire his wing. Thus
many good and honest men are approached
through their patriotic trust in our free insti
tutions and immense national resources, and
are Insidiously led to a condition of mind
which will not permit them to harbor the un
comfortable thought that any omission on their
part can check American progress or en
danger our country's continued development.
Have we not lived as a nation more than a
century; and have we not exhibited growth
and achievement In tvery direction that dis
credit all parallels In history? After us the
deluge. Why then need we bestir ourselves
and why disturb ourselves with public affairs?
The withdrawal of wholesome sentiment and
patriotic activity from political action on tho
I>art of those who are Indifferent to their
duty, or foolhardy in their optimism, open the
way for a ruthless and unrelenting enemy of
our free institutions. The abandonment of our
country's watch towers by those who should
be on guard and the slumber of the sentinels
who ehould never sleep, directly invite the
stealthy, approach and the pillage and loot of
the forces of selfishness and greed. These bale
ful enemies of patriotic effort will lurk every
where as long as human nature remains unre
g«-nerate. but nowhere in the world can they
create ruch : desolations as In free America,
and nov.-her« can they so cruelly destroy man's
highest and beet aspirations for self-govern
ment. It Is useless for us to blink the fact
that our scheme of government Is based upon
a cloee Interdependence of Interest and purpose
among those who make up the body of our
people. Let us be honest with ourselves. -If
our nation was built too .much upon senti
ment and If the rules of patriotism and be
iiiEmtT that were followed in its construction
nave proved too impractical, let us frankly ad
mit it. Hut if love of country, equal oppor
tunity and genuino brotherhood in citizenship
are worth the pains and trials that gave them
birth, and if we E till believe them to be worth
preservation and that they have the inherert
vigor and beneficence, to make our ¦ republic
'""«. our people happy, let us . strongly
hold them in lov e and devotion. Then it shall
be given us to plainly see that nothing Is
more unfriendly to the motives that underlie
0Ur wu "S ? ? dl 2 c * than th * selfishness: and
cupidity that look upon freedom and law and
order only as so many agencies In aid; of their
deigns. Our government was " made by pa
triotic unselfish, sober-minded men for the
control of protection of a patriotic ' unselfish
and sober-minded people. It is suited to such
a people; .but for those who are selfish cor
ruptand unpatriotic It is the worst govern
ment on earth. It Is so constructed that it
needs for its successful operation the constant
care and guiding hand of the people's abidTmr
faith and love; a^d not only iHhi, u^rS
ting guidance necessary to keep our national
mechanism true to lu work, but the fauii
and love which prompt it are the best safe
guards against selfish citizenship. Give to our
people something that will concentrate their
common affection and solicitous care and let
.that be their country's good; give them a pur
pose that stimulates them to -unite in loftv
endeavor— and let that purpose be- a demon
stration of the sufficiency and beneficence of
our popular rule — and we shall find that in
their political thought there will be no place
for the suggestions of sordldness and pelf
Who will say that this is now our happy
condition? u not our public life saturated
with the indecent demands of ¦ selfishness?
More than this, can any of us doubt the ex
istence of ttill more odious and detestable
e\ils which, with steady cankering growth, are
more <lirectly than all others threatening our
safety and national life? I speak of the cor
ruption of our suffrage/ open and notorious,
of the buying and selling of political places
for money, the ' purchase of political favors
and privileges and the traffic In official duty
for personal gain. These ; things are con
fessedly common. Every Intelligent* man knows'
that ; they have grown from small • beginnings
until they hare reached : frightful- proportions
of malevolence; . and yet respectable citizens
by the .thousands and hundreds of thousands
have looked on with '. perfect calmness ,. and
with hypocritical cant hav« declared they are
STATESMEN WHO DELIVERED
ADDRESS AT CHICAGO COM
MERCIAL CLUB BANQUET.
The roads which comprise the South
eastern Freight Association and those in
the Transcontinental Freight Association
until recently have been making through
rates from: Tennessee, Georgia and other
Southern States to the Pacific Coast and
vice versa. The Southeastern lines, how
ever, for the past five years have been
dissatisfied with the divisions they got out
of the through rate, but their demands
for a larger divsion were refused. The
Southeastern roads then canceled their
east-bound rates from the Pacific Coast.
That was during July and since then ship
pers from or ,to California ,have had to
bill their goods twice.
The lines retaliated by
abolishing west-bound rates and the
manufacturers were left without through
rates. This state of affairs led to the
closing down of many factories in "the
South in the past few months. Formerly
they were given a through rate of about
$1 45 for their product to California.
Now the lowest commission rate amounts
to $1 65. They "lost heavily on goods they
had agreed to lay down in California at a
certain price and are afraid to sell ahead
on ', contract. Cotton goods - have been
shipped around Cape Horn to California
for. the first time in decades. The South
eastern roads have two alternatives which
they are debating— whether to ask the
transcontinental lines to go in with them
on a horizontal increase of about 10 or
more per cent on this business or to raise
their own separate rates to points where
the goods are turned over to the Western
lines. , Many Southern manufacturers
claim that a raise in rates will kill their
business. ¦ •¦ ¦
LOUISVILLE, Ky., Oct. 14.— Behind
closed doors at tha Gait House prominent
traffic officials of transcontinental and
southeastern roads to-day discussed the
question of cross-continent and gulf rates,
upon ' which they could not agree last
week in Chicago. The situation has de
veloped into. a. fight on the part of the
roads throughout the section bounded by
the Ohio River on the north and the Mis
sissippi on ; the west, against the Western
transcontinental lines. . • -
NEW YORK, Oct. 14.— Members of the
governing committee of the j New* York
Stock Exchange ,. in full session had a
lengthy talk last night over a matter
which has been agitating many stock
brokers for more than a year past. The
subject was Brown Bros. *& Co.'s Issue 'of
bonds of the United-;. Railroads of "San
Francisco, In a.' wrangle concerning-, which
lawsuits innumerable have been Instituted
and much bad feeling engendered.
Zlmmermann & { Forshay, members of
the Stock Exchange, -were principals in
the hearing last night. : jThe governing
committee failed to make any announce
ment on the result of its lengthy session.
None of the officers of .the exchange
would discuss the affair, from which it is
inferred . that no decision was reached.
The claims of E. & C. Randolph, which
are almost indentical with those of a
score of pthers, .were presented and Zim
mermann & Forshay, who have begun
suits against various stockholders, had
the floor to put their side of the question.
Ledgers and other records were presented
and it is understood that a thorough
hearing was given the entire matter.- \
The trouble grew out of the fact that
bonds distributed in San Francisco' by
the banking house of Brown Bros. & Co.
floated back to this market before the
whole issue' was made. Zlmmermann &
Forshay had been negotiating the sale of
bonds to their clients at a certain price
when bonds began to be traded in the
curb market: at a figure several points
below.. When no delivery was made on
persistent appeals the Zlmmermann * firm
made some "cross sales" and bought
bonds considerably above par. Then they
sued various brokers with whom they had
contracts for the difference between: the
price at which they, originally bought
the bonds and the "under the rule" prices.
The other brokers replied that they had
not secured their bonds from Brown
Bros. & Co. and that there had not been
an issue. On the other hand the Zim
mermann firm stated that there had been
an issue and gave tangible evidence of it.
It is. understood the governing commit
tee of the Stock Exchange considered the
complicated affair last night in its en
tirety, but it is doubted that the commit
tee has the authority to adjudicate a mat
ter of this description. . ' -^
Special Dispatch to The Call.
MANILA, Oct. 14.— The crew of the boat
in which Johnston and Herman, the run
away constabulary officers, accompanied
by one constable, started from Gulmbal
for Cagayanes Island, attacked the out
laws on nearing the latter place, killing
Jchniton and wounding Herman and the
constable. Herman killed four of the
crew and • other two jumped over
board. He then put back to Xegros,
where he sent gun , and ammunition to
the police and abandoned the boat oft
Nabalva, Bayauan, where he was in hid
ing when the last was heard of him. On
Saturday night last the police captured
the boat, recovering a number of con
stabulary guns, ammunition and some
money. They also buried Johnston, whose
body was found in tKe boat. It is pre
sumed that the crew intended to kill the
outlaws and secure their money and arms.
Laredo Toledo, the insurrectionist, who
has been operating In Albay for some
time past^ has surrendered with thirty of
his men and ten guns. The only band
now operating in the province of Albay
is that commanded by Saria, possessing,
it is believed, some ten guns. f
The Philippine commission has notified
the Chinese Government that an export
duty of 5 per cent has been Imposed on
carabao.
Governor Taf t has wired th© "War De
partment that he will Intervene with the
Typographical Union committee appointed
to investigate the . charge of George
Tracy, who was dismissed from the fore
manship of the insular printing bureau
for promoting the formation of the onion.
<-f a restless. trouble»ome set of men. who con
tinually urge ur>on ue the duty of active and
affirmative participation In public affairs. Why
should we be charged with neglect of political
obligations? We go to the polls on election
day. when n->t too busy with other things, and
vote the ticket our party managers have pre
r*red for us. Sometimes when conditions grow
to h* fo bad politically that a revival of stirring
up hmmes neceesary. a troodly number of us
actually devote considerable time and effort to
better the situation. Of course we cannot do
CHICAGO, Oct. 1*.— Former Presi
dent Grover Cleveland was the
principal speaker to-night at the
annual bar.auet of the Commer
cial Club in the Auditorium Hotel.
The subject discussed by Cleveland was
"American Good Citizenship" and he
dwelt at length on the necessity of every
citizen doing: his part to make political
action what it should be. This is the first
time in eight years that Cleveland ha*
visited Chicago and he received an en
thusiastic greeting when he appeared at
the speaker's tabie. His speech in full
follows :
Mr. President and O*ntlemen: I am
»-ertain that it is not necessary to as
eure you of the pleasure it affords me to meet
the members of the Commercial Club of Chi
cago. You must know, as well as if you were
toid a thousand times, that it is not in human
nature to be less than delighted by your open
handed hospitality and hearty greeting.
As I understand my situation, I am under
bonds to keep the peace if possible, by eschew
ing politics in the few words I shall sp«ak to
r.ight. and I hope I may fulfill the condition
cf my bond and avoid disturbing those most
suspicious of my conduct if I deal with that
eld. old topic, American good citizenship.
There is danger that iny subject is so familiar
and to trite es to lack interest. This doss not
recessarilr result from a want of appreciation
cf the importance of rood citizenship, nor from
a. denial of the duty resting upon every Amer- ,
lean to be & good citizen. There is, however, j
abroad in our land a t^lf-natisfled and perfunc- i
tory notion that we do all that Is required of
vs in this direction when we make profession
cf our faith fn the creed of good citizenship
iind abstain from the commission cf palpably
unpatriotic e!ns. This belief is inevitably the
parent cf a sort of 8elf-righteou» contentment
which leads us on quite well under the direc
tion of those who make political activity their
occupation. For ourselves, we are good, quiet,
respectable and inoffensive citizens, and 'we are
Philippine Outlaws Meet
Early With Crushing
-• v Reverse.
Southern Railway Men
in Conference at :
, Louisville.
United Railroads Bonds
£ Wrangle Is Before
Committee.
FREIGHT RATES
ARE DISCUSSED
JOHNSTON DEAD
HERMAN HIDING
DISPUTE REACHES
STOCK EXCHANGE
Their creed should bind together in generous
co-operation all who are willing to fight to
make our Government what the fathers In
tended it to be — a depository of benefits which,
in equal current and volume, should flow out
to all the people. This creed should teach the
wickedness of attempting to" make free oppor
tunity the occasion for seizing especial ad
vantages, and should warn against the danger
of ruthless rapacity. It should deprecate os
tentation and extravagance in the life of our
people and demand in the management of pub
lic affairs simplicity and strict economy. It
nhould teach toleration In all things, save dis
honesty and Infidelity to public trusts. It
should uphold, the Interests of labor and advo
cate Its fair treatment, but should sternly
forbid its interference with those contented
with their toll and its attempt to force com
pliance with its demands by violent disturb
ances of peace and good order. It should
recognixe in the wide distribution of capital
and industrial enterprise the best assurance of
intelligent, wholesomely interested political
conduct, and should condemn unnecessary, un
natural and speculative combinations in trade
or enterprise as teaching false business lessons
and putting our consumers at their mercy. It
should insist that our finances and currency
concern not alone the large traders, merchants
and bankers of our land, but that they are In
timately and every day related to the well being
of our people in all conditions of life, and that,
therefore. If any adjustments are necessary,
they should be made In such a manner as shall
certainly maintain tho soundness of our people's
earnings and the security of their savings. It
should enjoin respect for the law as the qual
ity that cement3 the fabric of organized so
ciety and makes possible a government by the
people. And in every sentence and every line
of this creed of good citizenship the lesson
should be taught that our country Is a beautiful
and productive field to be cultivated by loyal
Americans, who. with weapons near at hand,
whether they sow and reap or whether they
rest, will always be prepared to resist those
who attempt to despoil by day or pilfer In the
night.
I am by no means unmindful of the extent
to which the American people are In a certain
sense governed by parties, and I am quite will
ing to confess a strong party* allegiance. I
(¦peak to-night of something broader and loftier
than party — of a higher law under whose sanc
tion all parties should exist and by whose
decrees all parties should be Judged. . I would
have the mass of our voters po constantly Im
pressed by this law. and 60 Insistent upon Its
observance, as to force upon the managers of
party organizations the necessity and expedi
ency of its recognition. Within the limits of
this law of patriotic American good citizenship
there is abundant room for Intelligent j party
activity; but this activity must be clean and
uncorrupted — sincere in Its Intentions, frank In
the declaration of Its purposes and honest in
th* affairs, of the people.
It Is as cl#ar as noonday that. If the pa
triotism of our people Is to be aggressively
vigorous and equal to. our national preserva
tion and If politics Is to subserve a high pur
pose' Instead, of degenerating to the level of
a cunning game our good men in every walk
of life must arouse themselves to consciousness
that the safety and best interests of their
country Involve every other Interest; and that
by service In the field of good citizenship they
not only do patriotic duty, but in a direct way
save for themselves the share of benefits due
them from our free institutions. If our busi
ness men In their hard struggles for accumu
lation will remember these things and admit
their country's weal to a share m their strug
gles- if our scholar* and educators will not
only teach patriotism but will emerge from
theoretical . contemplation and give proof by
their example that their lessons mean practi
cal care for thsir country; and If in every
way ¦ possible our people are reminded . of the
value of the government they hold for .them
selves and In trust for their children, and are
stimulated to intelligent activity In. its protec
tion we may confidently look for the condi
tions and results treasured up In a divine pur
pose and prophesied through faith In God at
our nation's birth. „" . . . „ '
In the dav when all shadows shall have
passed away and when good citizenship shall
have made sure the safety, permanence and
happiness of our nation, how small will ap
pear the etrifei? of selfishness In our ch-le life,
and how petty will seem , the machinations of,
degraded 'politics! There shall be set over
aeainst them in that. time a reverent sense of
co-oDeration in heaven's plans for our people's
preatness and ' the Joyous . pride jot; standing
among those who In the comradeship of Amer
ican sood citizenship have so protected and de
fended our heritage of , self-government # that
our treasures are - safe : In tho citadel of; pa
triotism, where neither > moth "nor rust doth
corrupt, and where ' thieves do not . break
through nor steal.'. *.' ' ../.., ; ; - .:. ;
Cleveland arrived In Chicago this morn
ing and went direct to the /Auditorium
Hotel, where he greeted a .number of
friends who were waiting to meet'him/ ,
At 1 o'clock ¦, this afternoon he Iwas.the
gucBt of Cyrui ; H. -' McConnick . arid David
B. Jones at a luncheon given in his honor,
at the Chicago .Club." Concluding L this he
attended the' Studebaker Theater Jas *the
guest of James H: Eckels, " Comptroller of
the Currency ; during ,. Cleveland'a^Becond
administration. /.; . . , •¦ <l ' ¦
Aside from d public T reception :Ho . be.
given In Cleveland's 'honor, in : the "Art: In-;
stltute, - the,,; programme >.for^ to-morrow
has not been definitely. decided.;- After, the
reception he leave for : his v home in
Princeton, : N." ' J^SSSSBSMHKSBS^f;
CREED OF GOOD . CITIZENSHIP.
I hasten to give assurance that I have not
ri>oken in a Epirit of gloomy pessimism. I
shall be the last of all our. people to believe
that the savlrtg grace of patriotism among my
countrymen is dead or will always sleep. ' I
know that its timely revival and activity
rm-r.n the realization of the loftiest hopes of a
free nation. I have faith that the awakening
is forthcoming; and on this faith I build a
cheerful hope for the healing of all the wounds
Inflicted in slumber and neglect. Nor do I for
get my surroundings as I speak.- If the city of.
Chicago has had experiences that support my
recital of perils I..do not fail to remember that
it lias also been here demonstrated - in what
manner good citizenship can protect against
them. As In the municipality, so in our na
tion, our weal or woe, is made dependent upon
the disinterested participation, or the neglect, •
of good men in public affairs. It is time that
there should be an end of self-satisfied gratifi
cation, or pretense of virtue, in the phrase, "I
am not a politician"; and It Is time to forbid
the prostitution of the word to a sinister use.
Every citizen should be politician enough to
bring himself within the true meaning of the
term, as one who concerns, himself with "the
regulation or government of a nation or State
for the preservation of its safety, peace and
prosperity." This Is politics In Its best sense
and this Is good citizenship.- | |
If good men are to interfere to make politi
cal action what it should be, they must not
suppose they will come upon an open field un
occupied by an opposing force. On the ground
they have neglected they will find a host of
those who engage in politics for personal ends
and selfish purposes, and this ground cannot
be taken without a hand-to-hand conflict. The
attack must be made under the banner of dis
interested good citizenship.^ by soldiers drilled
in lessons of patriotism. They must be enlist
ed for life and constantly on duty. As the
Crusaders fought centuries ago for the recov
ery of the holy land from infidel possession,
so with the same stubborn zeal must to-day's
Crusaders in the cause of good government
fight to recover their holy land from the Inn"
dels who would degrade and defile it.
AWAKENING IS FORTHCOMING.
not politicians, or with silly pretensions of,
faith In our strength and luck have languidly
claimed that the country was prosperous, equal
to any . emergency and proof aguinsi all dan
gers. - -'.... . -; . -¦ .: ¦>'. : ..'
Resulting from these conditions in a man
ner not difficult to trace ¦ wholesome ' national
sentiment Is threatened with utter perversion.
All sorts of misconceptions pervade the pub
lic thought, and Jealousies rapidly taking on
the complexion of class hatred are found in
every corner of the land. A new meaning
has been , given to national prosperity. With
a hardihood that savors- of. Insolence an. old
pretext, which has preceded the doom of an
cient experiments In popular rule, la dally and
hourly dinned In our ears.-^ "We are told that
the national splendor we have built upon the
showy ventures of speculative wealth Is a
badge of our success. Unsaarlng contentment
is enjoined upon the masses or our people, and
they are invited, in the bare subai stance of
their scanty homes, to patriotically rejoice in
their country's prosperity. This Is too unsub
stantial an enjoyment of benefits to satisfy
those who have been taught American equal
ity: and thus has arisen, by a perfectly
natural process, a dissatisfied insistence upon
a better distribution of the results of .-. our
vaunted ¦ prosperity. We • now see its worst
manifestation In the apparently Incorrigible
dislocation of the proper relations between
labor and capital. This, of Itself,,. Is suffi
ciently distressing; but thoughtful men are not
without dread of sadder developments yet to
come. There has also grown up among our
people a disregard for the restraints of law,
and a disposition to evade its limitations —
while querulous strictures concerning the ac
tion of our courts tend to undermine popular
faith in the course of Justice: and last, but
by no means least, complaints o' Imaginary
or exaggerated shortcomings In our financial
policies furnish an excuse for the flippant ex
ploitation of all sorts of monetary nostrums.
Former President in a Speech Before the Commercial Club of Chicago
Scathingly Denounces Corruption in Public Life and Crimes Against
Suffrage and Declares -His Faith in Early Correction of These Evils
CLEVELAND MAKES EARNEST PLEA
FOR DEVOTION TO POLITICAL DUTY
THE SAST FKANCISCO^ C^^
9
POLITICAL CABDS.
HENRY J. CROCKER
Republican
Nominee
jFimPublic Administrator |_
[William E. Liitz
~~|Repu61ican Hominee[~^
For Tax Collector
Edward J.
SMITH
¦J. (INCUMBENT.)
Regular Republican Nominee
For Sheriff
Peter J. Curtis
Chairman Street Committee of Present ' Board
of Supervisors.
* Democratic Nominee
Union Labor Party Nominee.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
UUVIllibVU|
Constipation, Inactive Liver and
Weak Kidneys are the result of a
weak stomach. Then the only
way to prevent these ailments is
to strengthen the stomach by tak-
ing Hostetter's Stomach Bitters.
Prominent physicians always pre-
scribe it in cases of stomach
troubles. You can therefore relv
on it. It positively cures Belch-
ing, Heartburn, Indigestion, Dys-
pepsia and Malaria, Fever and
Ague. Try it t> _
HOSTETTER'S
STOMACH BITTERS.
I^Men Curedi
Quickly and in a S
wmfivT. \ Weakness, g
i'W$ /^^CS Varlcocele, m
2Sft ¦•^Sf W* Contracted B
iLt^tL / 1 Disorders, S
V*B»»f-d8»> specinc. I
J *r^ iM Blood Polion, ¦
ijv'%.«^/jfif Stricture ||
a, "f^i\^ *aft Piles ||
/Vs. 1 A\ TS x have treated |
/ V^sLarffif \ 1 on<5 cure<1 ' more B
\*"\" 19n Y J cases of men's B
__ * * ,^__ *"^T difs^afea. than I
IDK. O. C. JOSLEHT, any ph >-slcUn In 2
The Leading Specialist the West. «
I am willing to wait until* cure is 1
effected for my fee. Send .for my fi
pamphlet. "Live All Tour Tears a H
Man." Mailed free. - En
DR. O. C. JOSLEN, B
_ Corner Market and Xearny Sti. ¦
Entrance— 702 Market eX.wei.vM
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Professional Men
Whose 'vocation demands attention to
personal appearance are the on«3 whom
we're pleased to cater to.
"We know our laundry methods oC
cleansing and finishing will satisfy their
critical demands and add to the appear-
ance of the moat dignified.
No saw edges.
UNITED STATES LAUNDRY
O7TZCZ! 1004 MARKET STREET,
Near Powell.
UNITED STATES BRANCH
STATEMENT
Ot THE v
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF THE ,
Transatlantic Fire
INSURANCE COMPANY
OK HAMBtHlG. IN THE STATE OP GER.
many, on tbe 31«t day of December. A.
D. 1902, and for the year ending on that day,
an made to the Insurance Commissioner of th*
State- c>f California, pursuant to the provisions
of sections 610 and 611 of the Political Code,
condensed as per blank furnished by the Com-
missioner.
ASSETS. ¦ * ':>-
Cash Market Value of all Stocks and
Bonds owned by Company $129,800 00
Cash In Company's Office... 4,747 21
Ca3b la Banks 27.707 50
Interest due and accrued on all
Stocks and Loana ; g 3,535 00
Premiums in dua Course of Collec-
tion 81,237 61
Due from other Companies for re-
- insurance on losses already paid.. 324 73
Certificates of Deposit in hands of
United States Trustees 49.000 00
TctaJ Assets .$500.401 08
LIABILITIES.* " ""*
Losses adjusted and unpaid.... $ S2O CO
Losses In process of Adjustment or
In Suspense 13.82152
Lo?ses resisted, including: expenses. 4,133 0Q
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning one year or less. $273,704 78:
reinsurance BO per cent 137,852 33
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning more than one year, $172,810;
reinsurance pro rata _. ... 90,877 63
Commissions and Brokerage due and
to become due 20,805 02
Total Liabilities ?...$277.311 5t
INCOME. — *
Net cash actually received for Flr«
premiums - • • • • - - . . - - .$323,633 41
Received for interest and dividend*
on Bonds. Stocks. Loans and from
all other sources............ IS. 049 03
Total Income ..". '..' .$347.602 43
EXPENDITtrRES.
Net amount paid for Fire Losses (in-
cluding $36,711 33 losses of pre-
vious years) > ---...$184,037 73
Paid or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage 8G.313 10
Paid for Salaries. Fees and other
charges for officers, clerks." etc... 18.73172
Paid for State. National and Local
taxes 4.730 10
All other payments and expenditures IS. 075 9t
Remittance to Home Office......... 43& 21
Total Expenditures .......,.,..$312.346 79
Tin.
Losses Incurred during the year.... $168. 438 29
Risks and Premiums. Fire Risks. Premluma.
Net amount of Risks
written during the . » .
y^»r $03,042,676 $483.639 83
»t amount of Risks
expired during the
• year 33,8(3,506 467.742 18
Net amount in force
December 31. 1002.. 30.411.836 N 448.51 1 7<
LEO A, LOEB. Assistant V. S. Manager.
Subscribed. and iworn to before me thia 23d
day of January. 1903.
ARTHUR A. LOEB. Notary Public.
InVRMMBi
PACiriS DK?ABTXSST E3TASLI3HBD Dl 1171.
. . 213 Sansome Street,
San Francisco. Cal.
v. C DRIFFi ELD, Manager.
; ¦¦.';•>,.¦..- "..,¦ ' y ¦: "/,''....¦'¦;.. [. \ ¦'¦ -;;';': ;' iabvebtisements. .• - _ • .; . .
1 Another Enormous ShipnreirJEy I
1 T^HE above train of twenty-four xars loaded entirely with starch is the second] j]
j| 1 shipment of this enormous size made by. The Oswego Starch Factory j 1
1 to r Western Jobbers, within a short time^ Each' of^these^trains^has A carxied 1
I to the wholesale grocery trade of the West. Such enormous shipments
I could be made neGessary only by the superior quality of these products,; [j
I A car is sold to each of the following local wholesale grocers: i |
KH I I /Vl AA I^W *'^a/ ( 1 1"« (Vl I""" 1 I, J • rf^^ . 1 I 1 1 -f
jjM , ¦ • . ¦ •-. THE OS^nrECO STAR vH FAvTURTi VrSWG^Op n« ¦• *, 1Sun, Moon and Tide.
WRECK OF THE BRITISH SHIP
GIFFOBD. WHICH STRAND
ED; SEPTEMBER 26.
Movements of Steamers.
69.365 lbs dried fruit, 14.930 lbs 30 cs raisins,
343 eg canned goods, 37.S05 lbs malt. 48J0 lbs
chocolate. 1980 lbs meals, 2S0 lbj shrimps,
24 sks onions -500 pkgs paste, 20 pkgs drugs
and sundries, 333 lbs 1 cs cheese, 213 lbs
sugar. 375 lbs coffee. 10 pkgs groceries and
provisions. CS gals wine. 2038 piss lead, 11
bales leather. 455 lbs tobacco, 15 bars 0 bdls
Iron, 16 pkgs machinery, 300 tin3 matches, 34
cs arms and ammunition. 10.270 lbs asphaltum,
COO lbs errease. 4 cs electrical supplies.
In addition to the foregoing the steamer
carried 28.375 lbs dried fruit and 35 cs canned
fruit, valued at $1044, for Winnipeg; 50 tins
matches, valued at $50, for Quebec, and 500
cs canned fruit, valued at $1970, for Duluth,
Minn.
TO SAIL.
Steamer. Destination. Sails. Pier.
~~ October 15.
Lakme Arcata direct . 6 pm Pier 2
Alliance ... Eureka. & Coos Bay 11 am Pii:r 16
ArcUc HumboMt 4 pm Pier 10
State cf Cal San Diego & Way: .9 am Pier 11
H Mara China & Japan,... 1 pm Pier 40
c. W Elder Astoria & Portland. 11 am Pier 24'
' October 10.
Chehalis... Grays Harbor. .....'.[Pier 2
Coos Bay. .- San Pedro & Way. I 9 amiPier 11
Corona Humboldt .... .....|l:30 p Pier 8
October IT.
Coronado.'. - Grays Harbor. ..... 4 pm Pier 10
Eureka Humboldt 2 pmtPier 13
S Monica.. Los Angeles Ports. 9 am|Pier 2
Chlco - Coquille River..... 6 pm|Pier 2
S Barbara. Seattle & Olyrapia. 4 pm Pier 2
Iacua...... Humboldt 4pm|Pier-2
gan jose N. Y. via Panama. 12 m Pier 40
Alameda:.. Honolulu 11 am Pier". 7
pt. Arena.". Point Arena....... 4 ¦ pm Pier:'- 2
San Pedro.. Humboldt "........ 4 pm Pier 2
October, 18. " • '
T. H. LgStt Humboldt ......... 10 amjPler 10
Phoenix.... Mendocino City..:. 1 pm Pier 13
Santa Rosa. San Diego Way Pts 9 am Pier 11
City Puebla Puget Sound: Ports. It am I Pier 0
Centennial.- Seattle & Taeoma. ' 5 pm|Plar 2
* . October ,19.. ¦¦_ - . -, 1 • :
Argo ... Eel River Ports. ..| 4 pm|Pier 2
Pomona.... Humboldt 1:30 pIPier 9
October SO.
CalUornlan. New York......... 3 pm!Pler.23
Bonita Newport & Way Pts 9 am Pier 19
Uarda...... Hamburg Way Pts. :.
Rainier:.... Seattle & Whatcem 4 pm Pier, 10
Columbia... Astoria & Portland 11 am Pier 24
October 21. . - j ¦
Arcata Coos B. & Pt.Orford 10 am Pier 13
October • 22.
N. Fork... . Humboldt ..:.....*. H pm Pier 2
S. Portland. Astoria & Portland. 6 pm Pier 2
October 2&v •
Isis Humboldt Way Pts ...... .......
Siberia..... China A Japan.. .;|-1 pm|Pier 40
Umatilla... Puget Sound Ports. Ill amiPier U
f October. 24.* .1 ;.
Barxacouta. N. Y. via Panama. 12 mfpier 40
• October 2G. | I -
Marlpoea^ . Tahiti T. . . ¦ . . .(11 am|Pier 7
The *teaxn>r Queen sailed on Tuesday . for
Victoria, with an assorted merchandise cargo,
consigned ' to tbe port of destination and the
principal' British Columbian ports,, valued at
120, 4G0. and including the following: 019
IkgM fresh ; fruits, - 40 . pkgs fresh vegetables,'
Merchandise for the North.
The Britieh ship Sardomene Is chartered for
lumber from Puget Sound to Adelaide at 27s
6d: Britls'h ship Iverna. came . business from
Blakeley to Callao at 30s, chartered prior to
arrival.
Hatters of Interest to Mariners and
Shipping Merchants.
, NEWS OF THE OCEAN.
The revenue cutter McCuIIoch, which left
here October 11 for. Puget . Sound with the
tender Arcata In tow, put into Port Orford
yesterday to shelter from the strong north
west wind. It was expected that ehe • would
resume her voySce last night.
McCuIIoch Seeks Shelter.
Tbe seas that have been bombarding the
wrecked ship Glfford since ehe strsxded in the
vicinity of Mussel Rock have now made a
wlda breach amidehlps and are de!ly pound
ing the derelict deeper and deeper • into her
candy crave. It has not. yet been announced
whether cr not the remains will be sold at
auction.
Seas Break Over Gifford.
-The Pacific Coast Steamship Company's City
of Puebla and the steamship Centennial ar
rived yesterday from Seattle. Both brought
passengers. The Centennial was eighty-one
hours coming down. The Puebla made tbe trip
to fifty-eight hours. N>.
Arrive From. Seattle.
E. T. Kruse of this city is having built on
Puget Sound a steam schooner for the coast
lumber trade. The Elizabeth, as the new ves
sel • has been named, v.-lii have a carrying
capacity for 000,000 ieet of lumber, and Kruse
expects to have her in commission before the
end of the year.
Schooner for Coast Trade.
Although she does not Include the Philippine
port on her calling list for this trip the Jap
anese liner JCirpon Maru. wfcicn sails to-day
for the Orient, will have on board many pas
sengers for Manila. Among them ire a few
business men. but the majority are civilian
employes of the Government recently appointed
and returning to duty after a vacation in the
States. The Nippon will take about ninety
cabin passengers, including two parties of
tourists. The liner also takes a lull cargo.
Many Manila Passengers.
Owing to the absence through sickness of
Commissioner Mackenzie the State Harbor
Board did not meet yesterday aftertioon. Com
missioner Kirkiiatrick is out of the city. The
matter of letting the contract lor the con
struction of the new section of the seawall
was io have been decided yecterdav. but in
the absence of a Quorum nothing could be done
and Uie bid of tbe Atlantic, Gulf and Pacific
Company is ctill in the air.
Hold no Sleeting.
' TO ARRIVE.
Steamer. From. J Due.
Lakme San Pedro |Oct. 15
Chieo Coquille River Oct. 15
Phoenix . . Mendocino ' Oct. 15
Arctic Monterey Oct. 15
Santa Rosa... San Diego & Way Ports Oct. 15
Point Arena.. Mendocino & Pt. Arena. Oct. 15
Barrecouti... New Tork via Panama. Oct. 15
Rainier Seattle &. Whatcom Oct. 15
Czarina Coos Bay . .|Oct. 16
S.Monica Grayn Harbor.;.. |Oct. 10
Chehalis San Pedro |Oct. 16
Eureka Humboldt lOct. 17
San Mateo Taeoma JOct. 17
Del Norte Crescent City (Oct. 17
Pomona j Humboldt .....' (Oct. 17
Argo."V Eel p.'ver Ports |Oct. 17
Iaqua... San Pedro .|Oct. IT
S. Barbara. . . San Pedro |Oct. 17
Bonita Newport & Way Ports. (Oct. 17
Columbia Portland & Astoria Oct. 17
Centralla Grays Harbor ...... ...|Oct. 18
Isis Seattle •... Oct. IS
Mariposa Tahiti Oct. IS
Arcata Coos Bay &, Port Orford Oct. 19
North Fork... Humboldt (Oct. 1!»
State of Cal... £ an Diego & Way Torts 'Oct. 19
Umatllla...'. . Puget Sound Ports.,... (Oct. 19
Sierra Sydney & Way Ports.. [Oct. 19
Corona Humboldt I Oct. 20
American >r ew York ......# |Oct. 20
S. Portland. . . Portland & Astoria lOct. 20
Coos Bay San Pedro & Way Ports Oct. 21
Acapulco jc ew York V ia Panama. Oct. 21
Ramses Hamburg A Way Ports. Oct. . 21
J. Dollar Seattle & Taeoma...... Oct. 21
G. W. Elder.. Portland & Astoria...*. Oct. 22
Coptic •- china & Japan.... Oct. 23
Queen Puget Sound Ports.... . Oct. 24
Nicarla. ...... Hamburg- & Way Ports. Oct. 24
Alliance Portland & Way Ports. Oct. 25
The cia wooden ship Glory of the Seas is
causlxur those interested in her considerable
s-nxiety and the next news from Dutch Harbor
1» with grave interest. The Glory left
Ouster Harbor for ' Dutch Harbor . t>lxty-nve
days affo with a cargo of coal for the North
Arnerican Commercial Corni>any. Sn*; passed
Tfitoceh, outward bound. August 11, and since
tlien noUiitur has been heard of her. She will
I»rccbab!y sro on the reinsurance list to-day.
The j Glory of the Seas belongs to a day when
the American clipper ship was the wonder of
the world and when owners gave ta their ves
sels r^&mes that breathed something, of the
poetry.! of the ocean. She was built at Boston
in lfctin and has been identified for many years
with the commerce of this port. 6he has
made pome famous voj-ages and has weathered
r.er saare of tempests. She was last here
ilarch 11, when she sailed for Puget Sound
la command ct Captain Pinding. She Is a
wocxien vessel of 13159 tons ret reclster.
Glory of the Seas Overdue.
The Corolla, out 137 days from Pert Natal
for Valparaiso, is still quoted at 00 per cent,
and there is no change In the rates on the
Cmiharina and St. Mungo, both at 20 per cent
The' name of the British bark Loch Long
was taken . from the overdue list yesterday,
word having been received from London by
M. A. Newell that the vessel had been lO6t on
tne New Zealand coast. No cetails were fur
nished in uie c&bleera2n as to how or when
the disaster, occurred or whether or not tho
loss cf the bark had involved the death of
all cr any of those on board. She was re
ported, however, a total loss. Tie Loch Long
left New Caledonia 163 days ago for the
Clyde. She was quoted for reinsurance at 85
per cent. Built at Glasgow in 1876 the Loch
Long was a vessel of 1203 tons. Her managing
owners were Aitken. Lilbura & Co. of Glas
£OW.
Lech. Liong Is Lost.
WDRD was received yesterday
of the death by drowning of
Captain J. Jorgensen. com
mander of the big schooner
Advance and cne of the best
known skippers on this coast. The fa
tality occurred October 12, on the Coquille
River. Captain Jorgensen was washed
overboard from a tug which was assist
ing the steam schooner Chlco over the
bar. A powerful man and a strong swim
mer, Jorgensen made a gallant battle tor
life, but when picked up by the life boat
cispatched to his rescue he was terribly
exhausted and apparently In a dying con
dition. He lest consciousness soon after
being taken out of the water and in
spite of heroic efforts made to revive him
collapsed and died.
His home was at Bandon, Ore., where
he leaves a wife and four children. He
had been for more than ten years in the
employ of C. F. Doe. In whose esteem the
dead sailor stood high. Jorgensen was
about 40 years of ag:e.
FROM SEATTXiB.
Steamer. ¦ ,.'-,. *|, For. -, Ealle.
Dolphin ...... Skajrway & Way Ports .". Oct. ' 16
Ban ta Ana Cooks Inlet & WayiPrts Oct. 16
Al-KI r.. Skagway & Way Ports.. Oct. ltf
Farallon...... Skagway & Way Ports.". Oct. 20
City Seattle... Skagway & Way Ports. .1 Oct. 20
Humboldt . .... Skagway & .Way Ports. jOct. 2f
Nome City... . Cooks Inlet & Way.PortBJOct: 22
Cottage City.. Skagway & Way Ports. (Oct. 2«
City Topeka.. J Skagway &,Way Ports. (Oct. ' 2X
Kaighin's WU1 Is Filed.
j' The will ;of the late Charles J. Kaighln,
chief . engineer of . the Market-street Rail
way; Company, was filed : for probate yes
terday. > His widow, Martha i Kaighin,-. is
sole legatee, "though the' will, contains a
clause providing that whoever proves that
the.deceased is their father shall receive
$5. . The estate is worth 557.000. f Jfpfol
Hanlon's Father Gets Damages.
Daniel Hanlbn, father of Eddie Hanlon,"
the ''pugilist,'-: was ¦ awarded $2500 . damages
against FT; CiMillsp a" master; stevedore,
by a jury ' in Juage < Graham's .court ' yes
terday. He "sued for j for 'injuries
received by , f allins down ?a '< h'atch i oa * the
steamer Ventura*, wi-ile he was in .the em
ploy of /Mills. . ' .
-R.C. Casey, a-widower/47;years;of age
and ¦ resident; of Calistoga, died 'under- an
anesthetic In the Larie Hospital iast'.Tues
dayj af ternoon .*¦'; The rmatter Xwas ' reported
to the 'yesterday; afternoon.
*-• ' >:~ — — — - — — +
IMes Under sin Anesthetic.
NEW YORK— Sailed Oct : 14— Stmr Phila
delphia, 'for Southampton ;v stmr Potsdam,; for.
¦ Rotterdam; via ' Boulojtne ; stmr : Majestic, ; . for
LJvenpool; stmr Oscar II, for Christlansand and
Copenhagen.",. '., . . . .: :...,; - :?- ."'
¦--BREMEN— Arrived Oct' 14-^Stmr, Kronprinz
¦Wilhelm,; from New iYork.v via Plymouth and
Cherbourg ; ' Etmr.: Barbarofsa, from New ¦ York," 1
viaiPlymouth and- Cherbourg. •• - - ¦¦ . • .- ¦
1 LIVERPOOL— Arrived, Oct U^-Stmr Fries
land,, from' Philadelphia. ;. _ . r\:~*
<• Sailed Oct 14-f Stmr Canada, for Quebec and
Montreal i stmr I Noordland, for r. Philadelphia,
via ¦ QueenstownJ '-• - • / -
'¦'¦ « GLASGOW— Arrived - Oct ' 14— Stmr, 1 : Kumid
ian, t from '¦ New ». York. -ji^aiuAn .gw i Jft|i"nWP^BM
; -QUEENSTOWN — Arrived Oct 14 — Stmr Iver-,
nla,from Boston, 1 for,LlverpooI,% and proceeded.'
CHERBOURG— Arrived Oct f 14— StmriPenn
sylvania," from ; New -York,': via : Plymouth," for
Hamburg, - and ¦ proceeded. ",. . . ¦'- '
r;'NAPLES- r SaUedCOct 13— Stmr : Cambrian,
from tGenoar* for (Boston. '¦' 7 .o*'.':-* -~ '
OCEAN STEAMERS.'
HONGKONG— Arrived prior to Oct 14— Stmr
ClaverinR,: from San Francisco," via Yokohama;
stmr. Riojun . Maru. ; from Seattle. ' via Yoko
hama. etc. .. - .-' •¦: . • :'- -::¦:'
TAKU— Arrived. Oct 13 — Br stmr,. Inverness,
from Port' Townsend. . ¦. % ' . :r.
NEWCASTLE,' Au*-^Sailed Oct 13— Br ship
St MIrren, for^ San .- Francisco. ¦ ;
• Arrived' Oct C — Bktn John
Smith, > hence; Sept 1 21. *. v y'.'i '¦ ¦ .,- ¦ " ' . /-; ;
SUVA — Arrived -Oct '.12 — Schr C S Holmes,
from Port, Blakeley.i,^- r
FOREIGN. PORTS-
• MORORAN-.SalIed Oct 10— Br ttmr Ascot,,
for - Vancouver. -•• ¦ , - • . •'. • ,
" ROTTERDAM— In * Dort - r Sv>t 30— Br ship
Dudhope, . for Port ' Los Angeles. ¦
ANTWERP— Sailed ' Oct : 12— Br * ship Halo
wood, for ' San Francisco. ; '
"SYDNEY — Arrived prior to Oct 13 — Etmr So
noma, ¦ hence Sept- 17. -¦-'". '•¦ ' ¦'- - *" •
'-YOKOHAMA— Arrived Oct l^Br stmr
Athenian, * from Vancouver. '- -
1 Sailed Oct ' 14— Jan stmr America Maru, for
San Francisco. -¦ ¦
VICTORIA— Arrived Oct 13— Stmr - Cottage
City, from Fredericks Sound.°*p$yW4wSSl#G£j^!
• Arrlved.Oct 14— Br stmr Indrasamha, . from
Yokohama. X^jBtttMBinMlNCAWiP^BftSS
•NEW YORK— Sailed Oct 13— Stmr Alllanca,
for. Colon. .•..->. ,.,^ ..-.¦-¦¦.¦¦ ¦ ' -: ¦¦
. HONOLULU— Sailed Oct 13— Stmr ; Sierra,
for San Francisco: Fr war ' stmr - Protet. for
Tahiti; , bark Abby Palmer, for Port Town
eend; bark S C Allen., for Port Townsend; Br
ship Brodick Castle, for Newcastle, Australia.
• x Arrived Oct 14 — Stmr Ventura.; hence Oct t>;
Br stmr Doric, hence Oct 7.
MANILA— Sailed Oct 10— U S stmr Thomas,
for San Francisco. ;. . j :
¦; EASTERN PORT. :
PORT ORFORD— Arrived Oct 14— U S stmr
Hugh McCuIIoch. with U S stmr 1 Arcata ' in
tow, hence Oct 11, for Seattle. Put In on ac
count of heavy northwest winds; will probably
proceed north this evening.
GRAYS HARBOR— Sailed Oct 11— Stmr San
Pedro, for San Francisco. ¦ ' ,
I AN ACORTES— Arrived Oct 13 — Schr Advent,
hence Oct 2. . •.-•¦.¦--¦
PORT GAMBLE— Arrived Oct 14— Schr Alice
Cooke, hence Sept 29.,.'
1SI..AND. PORTS.
ship Windsor Perke, for Cape of Good Hope.
¦"Arrived Oct 14 — Stmr South Portland, hence
Oct 11. ,
Captains Cole and NIssen and First
Lieutenant R. C. Foy met at army head
quarters yesterday as a board of inves
tigation to get at the bottoin- of the
charges against Captain H. P. Young,
quartermaster of the, transport Sheridan.
Many enlisted men asserted that they
were not properly, fed, and cared for on
the vessel's last trip from Manila to San
Francisco. The deliberations of the board
were secret. A formal report will be
made to General MacArthur to-day or to
morrow, i ; -v
Board Investigates Charges.
S I No news can be heard in regard to the
whereabouts of the escapeiS or the identi
ty of , their . supposed 'confederate in ,this
city. /Major Morrow; will continue the in
vestigation ¦ and embody the information
he may discover In a. report to General
MacArthur.?
"It -is ¦¦• generally, supposed that Stokes'
money paid 'the fare of the four plotters
to some point in the Bast and the author
ities, in that section of the country; have
been » warned to be on * the lookout. -¦
The Investigation ofHheiescape of Fed
eral Prisoners White, Moore,' Stokes and
Darling from Alcatraz a week ago was
commenced by Judge Advocate H»,' W.
Morrow yesterday. He left headquarters
early in the morning and spent the . en
tire day at the prison. Officers, enlisted
men: and prisoners were questioned, re
garding, their knowledge of the affair..
It was learned that the rumor' that the
four prisoners had iwon their way to free
dom by means of forged orders of release
had begun to circulate . shortly after, the
escape.. .No one knew definitely,, whether
the -letterheads had been ; made on the
island. . Major Morrow is /inclined to
think 'that most, of the work was done at
the prison. It is suspected that Moore,
the printer,, may have made the neces
sary type in the office.
Alcatraz Island Officers, Guards and
. Prisoners Are Questioned in Re
gard to Escape.
MA JOB MOBEOW BEQIirS
'$;l ' BIGID INVESTIGATION
'- ;.• ASTORIA— Sailed ' Oct ; 14— Br^ bark* Saxon,'
for-CaUao;-/Br stmr Yeddo, i for Manila; >:'i>r
POINT . LOBOS, Oct ': 14, 10 p m— Weather
thick; wind calm. . • ¦
.- .^DOMESTIC PORTS. , t
CASPAR — Arrived Oct 14— Stmr" South
Coast, hence Oct. 13. : ,.
EUREKA— Arrived Oct 14 — Stmr Pomona,
hence Oct 13.
Sailed Oct 14 — Schr Compeer, for San Fran-
SAN PEDRO-iArrived Oct '13— Stmr Iaqua,
hence Oct 11; schr Bertie -Minor, from Eureka;
stmr Santa Barbara, ' from : Redondo. * -•--; ., >
: Sailed Oct 12— Schr Chas E Falk, for»Coos
Bay. Oct 13 — Schr Frank W Howe, for Co
lumbia River; stmr Lakme, for San Fran
cisco. ••¦ '- = ¦'-'.'_---¦ ¦ ! . :. . ¦ < -.:.¦.•:¦ '¦»>.- ¦ :'• .'-" :
CRESCENT CITT — Sailed Oct 13 — Stmr Co
qullle - River, .: for • San , Francisco. ¦-.-
REDONDO— Arrived Oct 14— Stmr Brooklyn,
hence Oct 12 ; etmr ' Asuncion, hence Oct *• 12. ~- •
Sailed Oct 14— Stmr Asuncion, for Ventura;
etmr Chehalif ,' for San Francisco. '
¦-'5 HARDY CREEK— Arrived Oct 14— Stmr
Marshfifld,. hence Oct 13. ¦• .»*,.*;
| WESTPORT— Arrived ™ Oct ' 14— Stmr West
port,", hence Oct;i3. - .,¦'-:, ;•-•-¦* .. -..'¦ --.:¦,
' SEATTLE— Arrived Oct 14-^Stmr Cottage
City, from ¦ Fredericks Bound, via: Victoria. •»..¦;
- - PORT. HARFORD— Sailed Oct li^Stmr Cocs
•Bay,, for. San: Francisco. V ». .
;¦•*' EVERETT— Arrived ' Oct . 14— Bchr ;' Ludlow,
hence Oct^ 4. " . : • ¦¦ ;
; Arrived Oct 14 — Bark .Vldette. from San Pe
dro.; '¦ - ¦• •¦ •*-¦' ¦¦ ..'¦¦' '" -..' '' ' ¦
•' -c- PORT TOWNSEND— Arrived 5 Oct 14 — Schr
Alice Cooke.. hence 'Sept 29; ¦ schr- Balboa,'
from Yokohama. -. ' . •/..¦» ,\
• TATOOSH—Passed in Oct - 13 — Stmr Jamea
•Dollar, 7 hence Oct 11, .for Seattle. '
:¦ Passed •: out Oct - 14— Ship ' BenJ ' F.. Packard,,
from Tacoma; for Philadelphia: Ger ship Alice,'
from Port. Blakeley, -forrAuatralla. l
" Passed in:Oct 14— Br.ahlp'Aristomene,' from
Yokohama, for - Victoria; Jetmr -Valencia, r from
Nome. * for? Seattle. ¦" - : » ¦-..•;• T
": BANDON — Arrived Oct 12— Schr ' Onward,
hence Oct 3. ." -. '•• -. .'¦¦¦' •— -':''.•¦"•¦
'¦J Sailed' Oct 12— Stmr/Chico, -for" ; San- Fran
cisco. : ¦•¦¦ . ¦>.;¦....*:.¦ ... -. i .-''¦¦:¦'.•: '¦¦:.:¦:
TELEGRAPHIC.
Per Br shlD Strathgryfe— Sept 10, lat 17 8/
Ion 128 W, Br ship Pass of Balmaha. from
Newcastle, ¦ Australia,: for San Francisco.'
Tuesday, October. 13. "'
Stmr W H Kruger, Ahlin. ' Eureka.
Wednesday, ' October 14.
•Stmr. North Fork, Nelson. ' Eureka.
Rtmr Arcata, Nelson, Coos Bay. • ' '
Etmr Mandalay, Payne, San Diego.
. Stmr Alcatraz, Carlson, Point Arena, ¦ y
Stmr Chae Nelson, Gijnderson, Port Lot An
gelee. ' fel#*<*P^S?agG
Stmr Grace Dollar, ¦ Olsen, Grays Harbor. '.'
- Stmr Rival. McClements. Wlllapa Harbor.
Schr Mary C, Campbell, Bodega. . - • ...
' SPOKEN.
SAILED.
., . - Wedneaday, October 14.
Stmr State of California, Thomas, San Diego;
Pacific Coast- Steamship Co.
Stmr GeoW Elder, Randall, Astoria; Oregon
Railroad and Nav Co.
Br thir> Cambuskenneth, Cook, : Melbourne,'
via Port Townsend ; J J Moore & Co.
CLEARED.
Stmr San Pedro, Andresen, 72 hours from
Grays Harbor.
Stmr Chlco, - Larsen, 50 hours from Coqullle
River.
Gcr Btmr Uarda, Peterson, 3% days from
Seattle: put in to finish loading.
Tug L Ro6coe, Cransrle, 50 hours from Flor
ence, via Coos Bay 40 hours. S I
Ship John A Brlggs, Fullerton, 82 days from
Sydney, -". - ¦ *¦ ¦ ¦'?
Br ship Strathgryfe, Mclntyre, 76 days from
Newcastle, Australia. -,
Schr Newark,, Reinertsen, 13 hours from
Fish Rock. \
Schr Bessie K, Merriam, 13 hours from San
Vicente Landing. >,-- ¦}
Shipping Intelligence.
"Wednesday, October" 14.
Ftrnr Centennial, Klitgaard, 81 hours from
Seattle. '
Stmr Scotia, Erickaon, 11 hours from Bowens
Landing. . _'- -U,
Stmr Corona, Johnson, 20 hours from I Eu
reka. •
Stmr City of Puebla, Jepsen, 68 hours from
Victoria. •
Stmr Mandalay, Payne, 38 hours from
Crescent City; bound for San Diego; put In to
land passengers. .5""
Stmr Alliance, Hardwlck,. 9 days from Port
land, via • Coos Bay 4 days, via , Eureka 24
hours. . *.
Stmr Ruth, Reed, 18 hours from Weetport.
Stmr Santa Cruz, Glelow, 12 hours from
Moss Landing. , -<.
Stmr National City, Hammar, 14 hours from
Fort Bragg.
Stmr Montara, ¦ Rellly, 90 hours from Lady
smlth.
. The Time Ball on the tower of the Ferry
building was dropped exactly at noon to-day —
1. e.. at noon of the 120th meridian, or at 8
p. m. Greenwich time.
*~- v? . j. c. BURNETT..
Lieutenant, U. S. N., in charge. |
Branch Hrdrographic Office, U. S. N., Mer
chants' Exchange. San ' Francisco, Cal.,
October 14. ,
Time Ball.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey-
Time and Heights of .High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to . San
Francisco Bay. Published by official, au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE — The high and low waters occur at
the city fiont (Mission-street wharf , • about 25
minutes later than at Fort \ Point; • the height
of tide Is the same at both places. ; - -. ¦;¦
THURSDAY. OCTOBER 15,
Sun rises 6:18 a. m.
Sun sets ...6:34 p.' m.
Moon rises 0:37 a. m.
D ITimel iTimel jTlme) ' ITimel
» | 1 Ft. I 1 Ft. ( ft. < 1 Ft.
? |L W| |H W| |L W| |HW| <"
15 0:26 0.5 7:30 4.9 1:04 2.4 6:59 4^8
1C 1:23 0.6 8:16 5.2 2:04 1.9 8:10 5.0
17 2:20 0.8 9:00 5.5 2:57 1.3 9:16 6.1
18 3:00 0.9 9:41 5.6 3:45 0.8 10:15 5.2
19 3:51 1.2 10:20 5.8 4:30 0.4 11:10 5.3
20 4:34| 1.4 10:57 5.0} 5:11| O.Oj
NOTE — In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given in the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day in the order of occurrence as to time; the
fourth time column elves the last tides of the
day, except when there are but three tides, as
sometimes occurs. . The heights given are Ik
addition to the soundings of the United States
Coast Survey charts, except when a minus ( — )
sign precedes the height, and then the number
given is - subtracted from the depth given by
the charts. The plane of reference Is the meau
cf the lower low waters.
Field said that the opium had been
given to him by a Chinese in Seattle with
instructions to deliver it to another Chi
nese who would be in waiting at the dock
InCthis city. For this service Field re
ceived $10. The drug seized is valued at
5300. The duty would amount to $120.
"They, must have been feeding you on
tin cans," remarked, the inspector. Field's
blouse was then taken off and in the lin
ing of a blue jumper that he wore under
neath ten pounds of the choicest brand
of opium was found in five-tael cans.
Field was at once placed under arrest
on a charge of smuggling. His room on
board the steamer was searched by Cus
toms Inspector ) Henry Gallagher and an
other_ ten pounds' weight of the drug
was found concealed behind a drawer in
a locker. • .
'Twenty pounds of smuggled opium was
found yesterday In possession of Chris
topher Field, boatswain of the steamship
City of . Puebla. which had just arrived
from Victoria. As the steamer swung
into the dock Field jumped off the stern
upon the dock with the nawser and pro
ceeded to fasten It to the top of a pile.
While he was so occupied Customs In
spector J. A. Ross hailed ' him and re
marked that Field had gone rather stout
around the waist since h© had been her©
last.,, Field replied that he had. The ln
spectdr tnemtapped hirn playfully on the
chest and produced a metallic, sound.
' Stolen bases — Corbett (2), Raymond, Dillon,
Kruger.' Errors — O'Hara, Schwartz, Kruger,
McKay, Raymond.. Three-base hit — Smith.
Two-base hit — Hoy. Sacrifice hit — Mosklman.
First base on errors— Oakland, : 1; Los Angeles,
1 . First base on called balls — Oft McJCay. 1 ;
oft Corbett.' 0. Left on bases — Oakland/ 9; Los
AnKeleq, -7. Struck out — By McKay, 1; by
Corbett, 3. - Double play — Raymond to Dillon.
Wild pitch — McKay. Time of (fame— One hour
and fifty minutes. Umpire— McDonald.
SUMMARY.
-Lohman batted for McKay In ninth. -.
fRUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS/
Los Angeles .... 0 0 'o 0 0 0 0 7 0-^7
Bese hits.". 0 1. 1 0' 2 1 0 7 1—13
Oakland"....:.... 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0—0
. Base. hits...... 2 1 10 0 1 0 0 0—5
Joe' Corbett never gave the Cripples a
chance , to score. His work In the box
was great, barring a little wlldness at
times. He made up for this slight defect
by doing some wonderful fielding and by
rapping L out three safe hits,' two of which
were . made in the eighth inning. The
score:
OaklanjJ — Los Angeles — -»'ri
AB. R. H. P. A. AB. R. M. P. Ar
O'H'ra.cf a 0 15 0 Hoy, cf. . 5 1 1 3" 0
Makmn.s 3 0 1 . 1 0 \VhTr.2b 5 1 12 2
Bchrtx.2b 2 0 1 2-4 Smith. 3b 5.1 2 O 1
Wurd f k.rf 4 0 0 2 1 Dillon, 1b 4 . 1 2 14 0
Kruper.ir 4 0 13 0 Cravth.rf 5 0 0 2 0
Baxter,3b 3 0 0 2 , O'Ross, If.. 4 0 0 10
Messly.lb 4 0 1 10 0'Rymnd. a 4 12 11
Gorton, c 2 0 0 2 1, Spies, c. 4 1 2 4 1
McKay/ p 3 0 0 0 3 Corbett.p 4 13 0 7
•LiOhman .10-000 . ¦ —
— Totals. 40 7 13 27 15
Totals. 29 0 5 27.9 .-//,--,
dle sack and Raymond sent him around
to third on a single to. right field.' Ray
mond then "stole and they both arrived at
the pan when Spies tore <jff one that pro
ceeded out to center field and then
thrdugh O'Hara.. Spies pulled up at third.
A wild pitch let him in with the last
run of the eventful round. - . ,'
He did not have to tarry long there, for
Smith | drove a torrid .one out beyond
Kruger. On this lift Wheeler registered.
Kruger t threw the 'ball in, but no one
was backing up the plate, so Smith was
allowed to proceed to third uninterrupted.
Then Dillon drew the only pass that Mc-
Kay .issued. Cravath flew to O'Hara
and this gave Smith time'to go home.
Dillon in the meantime pilfered the mid-
Corbett inaugurated the eighth' with a
base hit that went scooting out to the
right garden. He stole second neatly and
landed with the first tally ' of the day
when Dummy Hoy lined one. to the score
board that was good for two bags.
Then Wheeler tried the bunting game
and laid down one he beat out to the bag.'
McKay; picked up the ball and threw it
away at - first base. * While,, this ' perform
ance was going on the little silent man
sneaked- to; the plate- and Wheeler went
as far as second.' . • ,-
The Cripples and the. Angels played ball
yesterday* that, was about the best shown
here in some months. Time and time
again it seemed the strain was too much,
yet the collapse held aloof till the eighth
round. 'Tls a sad tale, * the tale of the
eighth. The Angels did their work well
and. when -the dread period^ had - passed
seven runs were on the boards for them.
Score, 7 to 0.
The perfect weather made good ball
playing easy. Every man who was on the
performing list: seemed keyed up to the
limit. Nothing was too -hot for the field
ers to handle till the collapse came.*' Both
Corbett and young, McKay were pitching
ball that would, have won a man' fame
in any league. :^The youngster was a trifle
better; than his talented rival till the ex
plosion occurred. Then- there was no com
parison. '
Overall, - who had been detained from
the game in the first half, took his old
position In- the' center of the rush . line
when the second, half was called, but de
spite the inspiration of his presence and
the '' effective work of his brawn the col
lege team flighty and . failed ; to
threaten the Reliance goal during the i en
tire half. . - Hudson, y ,' the powerful J little
right^end, gave his right'knee and ankle
such a severe wrench during a scrimmage
that" the physician that three
weeks on crutches would be his j portion,
and that he might be out of the big game.
All through the game yesterday, the col
lege ¦ men showed glaring faults in j the
very A B , C of football j lore. Snedlgar
made two glaring, fumbles and Mini one.
All: of the line men evinced a painful ten
dency to get offside, a fault which will
be fatal in the bl^ game. The line-up:
California — Position*. Reliance.
Demcritt. ........ L. — E.—R. .......... Lewitt
Forse. L,.— T — R -Hamilton
Stow..... L..—G.—R..... ....... Smock
Strond.... Center.. ........ Cavanau&h
Gray-Overall R.— G.— L........ ;. . Gaffey
Heitmuller... R.— T.— L,.... Martin-Bacon
Craig-Hudson R.— E. — L. Goseben-Willette
Geary- lielknap Quarter. ..... . . Hoft-Evans
Risley-Minl L.— H. — R. .; Booth-Graham
Snedtear-Whlpple. r.—h.— L,. Mueller-Goscheu
Boynton-Elliott. . . Fullback... ....... Atkinson
UmpIre^ — J. Keymore., Referee— B. Oliver.
OVERALL IN THE GAME.
The game was brilliant in spots. Every
body yelled when Mini, the midget, dashed
through the - Reliance in a mix-up and
sprinted down the field, aided by the clev
er interference , of Belknap, for twenty
five good yards. Again Jim Forse, the big
tackle, butted his way through three Re-"
ltance \ men and covered a like • distance
before' he was downed. Snedlgar and
Overall repeated the feat. ,
In the first half." the onslaughts of the
clubmen were fast and fierce. Twice the
college men failed to make their distance
and had to surrender the ball. Once Mini
was^seized behind; the line and, entirely
unsupported , by his interference, was
pushed back ten yards. Twice the club
men made their distance through the col
lege team. Three times did members of
the blue and gold eleven become over
anxious and suffered the penalty for off
side play. It was only near the end of the
half that the California boys seemed^to
find themselves, and then they rushed the
ball down toward the Reliance goal. With
the spheroid twenty feet away, and half a
minute left' in Which to play, Sam Stow,
left guard, dropped back and: booted a*n
easy field f goal. -
SOME BRILLIANT RUNS.
With the big game only a^month off the
Berkeley adherents_ could only say their
kindest after the game by averring tnat
theiry aggregation of giants was : in a
slump.: When kicks were "fumbled, the
interference tread upon the toes of the
runner and the ends got away outside of
their man a high school boy might have
seen that the blue and gold eleven has
some work coming to them if they expect
to run Stanford off the field next month.
"Overall, Overall— what's J the matter
with' Overall? 1^ The*" students on the
bleachers went - Into raptures as I the idol
of the California football team took his
place on the field yesterday at the-«nd of
the first half : In . the gam© with N ReHance.
Of course, everybody concedes/ there "is
nothing .the matter with Overall, but
some of the wise ones are asking them
selves what Is the matter, with ! the Cali
fornia team - without Overall In tho bal
ance. It Just managed to score -a field
goal yesterday agairist ; the clubmen, and
that was "ell.
It has become painfully patent to , the
Berkeley coaches that the team is Overall
and" Overall is the team. The giant cap
tain does all the kicking; he is^the bul
wark of 'the line; he is thehardest man
to^bring to earth when he has the ball
tucked ¦, under his arm. Without : Overall
in his ¦ place at right guard the Berkeley
rooters would not be going about j with
money in: their hands ."-offering to take
three to one on ttie outcome of the match
with Stanford.
Is Captured by Inspector
Ross, Who Notes Un
usual Girth*.
Corbett Never Gives Peter's
Cripples a .OHanoe to
Cros3 the Pan.
U. O. Siiows a Decided Fall
ing Off in Knowledg9
"of the Game.
Christopher Field Con
ceals Ten Pounds
on Person.
Angels. Then Open Up
on McKay and |Make:
Seven Runs.
Defeats Reliance In a
-Listless Struggle
by 5 to O.
LONG DEADLOCK
ENDS IN EIGHTH
OPIUM FOUND
ON BOATSWAIN
BERKELEY SCORE
DUE TO A GOAL
J. Jorgensen Is Washed From the Deck of Tugboat and After a Gallant
Struggle for Life in the Boiling Waiters Is Picked Up by a Lifeboat
Crew Only to Collapse Later and Die in the Arms of His Rescuers
CAPTAIN OF THE SCHOONER ADVANCE
DROWNED ON COQUILLE RIVER BAR
THE SAN FKAifCISCq CALIi,^UraUBSDA??^ OCTOBER ~15; 1903.
10
RAILWAY TEAVEL'
f CALIFORNIA |
| LIRIITED TO CHIOAGO ||
H Leave* Mondays Bnd Thursday » g
m ' at 0:30 a. m., through In 8 days* H
il with diner and all trappings. a
Other Santa Fe Trains: ¦
2. : S ?' ™' I *°r Stockton, Fresno, Balt«rmfl«Ut
8 : 00 p.* m." \ , Merced » Hanford and VUalia.
j. 4.00 p. m. for Stociton.
' 8:00 p. m. for Kansas City, Grand Canyon aad
Chicago. y
Tickbt Offic*: 641 Market St., and Ferry
I Depot. 3. F. Also 11U Broadway, Oak-
land, Cal. _
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. CO.
LESSEE!
SAN FRANCISCO ANu NORTH PACIFIC
I RAILWAY COMPA3TT.
Tibnron Ferry, Foot ,of Market Street.
. SAN FHAHCISCO TO SAW EAPAEL.
WEEK DAYS— 7:30, 9:00. 11:00 a. m.: 12:35.
:3:30. 5:10. 6:30 p. m. Thursdays — Extra trip
• at 11:30 J». m. ... : .. -
¦ .Saturdays — Extra trip at 1:50 and 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:00. 9:30, 11:00 a. m.; 1:30, 3:30.
: 5:00. 6:20, 11:30 p.m. - ,
SA2T EAFAEI. TO SAW FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 6 :05. 7 :35, 7 :50, 9 :2O, 11 :15
¦a. m.: 12:50. 3:40. 5:00, 5:20 p. m.
Saturdays — Extra trip at 2:05 and 6:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:00. 9:40, 11:15 a. m.; 1:40. 3:40,
4:55, 5:05, 6:25 p. m.
Le8\ - e , .1 In Effect I Arrive
San Francisco. I Sept. 27, 1903. |San Francisco.
Week I Sun- I Destlna- I Sun- I Week
Days. I days. | . Uon. [ days. | Days.
7:30 a 8:00 a ~~ 9:10a 8:40 a
»:3Oa ¦ Ignaclo. 10:40a 10:20a
3:30 p 3:30 p 6:05 p 6:20 p
5:10 p 5:00 p ' 7:35 p
7:30a 0:10 a 8:40a
S:00a Novato, 10:40 a 10:20 a
3:30 r 0:30 a Petaluma_ 6:05 p 6:20 p
5:10p 3:30p 'and* 7:35 p
5:00 p Santa Rosa.
7:30 a ~~- C" "" 110:40 a 10:20 a
8:00 a Fulton, 7:35 p 6:20 p
3:30 p 3:30 p
Windsor,
7:30 a 8:C0a Healdsburg. 10:40 a 10:20 a
Lytton,
3:30 p 3:30 p Geysterville, 7:35 p 6:20 p
Cloverdale.
7:30 al 8:00 a! lioplan? , 110:40 allO:2O a
3:30 a| 3:30 p| and Ukiah. | 7:35 p| 6:20 p
7:30aT"8:00a[ WHUts. |7:35p!6:20p
:7:30a|8:C0a| - , 110:40 a|10:20 a
3:30 p| 3:30 p| Guemevtlle. | 7:35 p| 6:20 p
7:30ai!»:00a| Sonoma, I 9:10 a! 8:40 a
5:10 p| 5:00 p| Glen Ellen. |6:05pl 6:20 p
7:30 al 8:0OaP ~ jlO:4O~afw720ra
3^0p|3:30p|. Sebastopol. f 7:35 p| 6:20 p
STAGES -connect at Green Brae for San
Quentin; at Santa. » Rosa for White Sulphur
Springs; at Fulton for Altruria and Mark West
Springs; at Lytton for Lytton Springs: at Gey-
ser\-llle for.. Skapga Springs; at Cloverdale tor
the Geysers. Boonevillt and Greenwood; at
Hopland for Duncan Springs, Highland Springs,
Kelseyville. Carlsbad Springs. Soda Bay. Lake,
port and Bartlett ¦ Springs ; at Uklah for Viehy
Springs. Saratoga Springs. Blue Lakes. Laurel
Dell Lake, Witter Springs. Upper "Lake. Pom»,
Potter Valley. John Day's Riverside. Lierly'fl.
Bucknelfs. Sanhedrin Heights. Hullville. Orr's
Hot Springs. Halfway House, Comptche, Camp
Stevens. Hopkins.' Mendocino City, Fort Bragg,
."Westport. -.Usal; -at WHlits for Fort Bragg,
"Westport, Sherwood. Cahto. . Covello, Layton-
vllle Cummlngs. .Bell's Springs.- Harris. Ol- \
sen's. Dyer. Garbervllle. : Pepperwood. Scotia
and Eureka. • .. ¦ ' . . .
Saturday to. Monday round-trip tickets at re-
duced rates. ; •. ¦• - ; . .
- On : Sunday round trip * tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket office. 650 Market street. Chronlcla
building' ¦ : ¦¦-.¦¦¦"
H. C. WHITING. R. X. RYAN,
Gen. Manager. . Gen. Pass. Agt.
¦|T0 SAN RAFAEL,
SANQUENTIN,
WILL VALLEY,
|CAZADERO,ETC.
I via Sausalito Ferry.
WEEK DAYS— (Holldayi excepted)— «:45,
t*T:45 '8:45, 9:45 ill a. in., 12:20, «l:45. 3:15,
4:15. *t5:15. '•6:15/ 6:45, 9. 11:45 p. m. '-
'7 :45 • a. ¦ m. • train : week days does not run to
Mill ' i ii II i n ' li<|f||||IIIH^Itlii*'ri]|ainrMlT>Wlaf|ra(
1 1 SUNDAYS " AND * t LEGAL HOLIDAYS— 7,
t8,' t*». ' t'10 11, +11 :3O a. m.. tl2 .30. . fl :3O,
2:35. »3:50. 5, «, 7:30. 8. 11:45 p. m.
Trains marked (*)' run to San Quentin.
Those marked. (t) to Fairfax,- except 5:15 p. m.
Saturdays. On Saturdays the 3:15 p. m. train
runs to Fairfax. ' ¦ ' -
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO
—Week days— 5:25, J6:25, 7:40. S:15, t9:3S.
11:05 a. m., 12:30, 2:20. t3:45, 4:50. 5:30, 6:45.
10:20 p.' m. ¦ -¦'-•¦ ¦ •'-, .>,--¦
SUNJD AYS— 6:15, 7:35.' t8:10, 9:40. ,J10:55,
Jll :45 a. m., 12:50. 2:30, 4:40. < *5:5O.
6:55, 7:35.. 10:20:p. m. .
Trains marked (t) start from San Quentln.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRAN-
CISCO — Week * days — 5 :45. 6 :4O. ' 7 :45. " 8 :25.-
9:45, 11:10 a. m.. 13:40.. 2:45. 4:15. 5:10,. 7:06.
10:40 p.". m. ¦•«.--
?¦¦¦ SUNDAYS — 6:35.- 7:55. 10. 11:10 a. m., 12:06
1:05, 2:40.' 3:45, 4:55,. 6:05. 7:10, 10:40 p. m.
THROUGH! TRAINS.
7:45* a. Vm., week days— Caxadero and way
stations. - gfrt\WIWlM«Sft>t'j^giaM
5:15 p. m... week days (Saturdays exeepted)—
Tom ales and. way stations. -fa"l>UCBHB»"aSw»tM
• "* 3:15 p. • m..7 Saturdays— Caxadero and \ .way
stations. -.¦•¦•-'¦••' -. . . •
• - Sundays and Legal Holidays— 9 a. ¦ m., ' Caza-
dero and.way stations. * ,. : \ *~^«5.
¦]• 'Sundays and Legal Holidays— 10 a. m.. Point
I Reywi and way ' stations. -~\
i ¦ TICKET OFFICE^-026 Market st.
i FERRY— Foot of Market st. -
The i Call's ; Cook ~> Book ' prem-
ium 'bfEer closebn j October
30^1903, and all readers of this
pap ex, who desire a - copy "of this
household treasure should not
fail to place ;. their order im-
mediately." ?:;- 1 A
U' This; splendid ; prenxiuiaVwiH
be ; offered to Call sabscribeni*at
the exceptionally^ow rate of
fifty cents ¦; per '; copy.' - Out f of
town ; ;; orders ; twenty ',' cents ad-
ditional to 'cove-, prepayment of
transportation charges.
COOK BOOK OFFER TO
.CLOSE OCTOBER 3a
. RAILWAY TBAVEC>__
An Eastern Trip
Made Easy.
Experience has taTightBSJostwhat
to provide in order to make the long
oyerland trip attractive. The sleeping
cars used for our weekly " Personally *
Conducted" parties are jtist aa com-
fortable as a car can be. The sleeping
berths are even a little bit more roomy
"than those in the standard Pullman
cars, and the linen and blankets used
are the same in each.
The price for a double berth 13 only j
$5 to Omaha or Kansas City, $6 to
Chicago or St. Louis, and $8 to Boston.
Less than half the palace car price.
The route is through Salt Lake City
and past the grand scenery of the
Rockies — the most intensely interest-
ing ride in America.
Kindly call or Ttyite for particulars.
W. D. SANBORN, Gen'l Agt Burlington Route,
631 Market Street, San Francisco. „
841 • ___!^^_
SOUTHERN PACIFIC
(M»!n Line. Foot of Market 8treet)
LBAT « — Tno* OcTonas 11. l»0S. — -*»arr»
" 7.00a BenlcU. Suisun. Elmlra and Sacra-
meatA Z-Zf
7.00a V«c»tU1«. Winters. Bamscr........ /•«*
7J0a M»rt!nex. 6«n Ramon. Vallejo.
- Nap*. CalUtoga, Santa Bo»«...... 825f
7.30a SJles. Lrrennor*. Latarop. Stock- # -
ton .*S'
S.0Oa D*Tis.Wooai»ad. Knights Landing.
Msrytrllla, OroTlUe -Z"5i F
i.COA Atlantic Expres*-Ogden»nd Eajt. 10.25a
8.80a. Port Costa, Martinez. Aatloco. By-
r©n.Tr»cy.8toc*too.S«cramento.
Los Bano*. Mendota, Haaford.
Vlsull*. Porterrllle 4.Z5*
IJXJa Port Co»to. Martine i. Tracr. Lath-
rop, Modesto, Merced, Fresno,
Goihen Junction, Haaford, VI-
salia. B»kersfleld 5.25F
8.30a Ehaitm Expr«»»— D»t1». Williams
<for Bsrtlett Springs). Willows,
tFruto, Ued Bluff. Portland. 7.S5F
8 -30a Slles, 8«n Jose, LlTermore. Stock-
: ton,lone.6acramento,Pl»eerrllle.
"¦ MarjSTllle. Chlco, Ked Bluff. .. .. 4.Z3P
8.30a Oakdale, Cbtneae. Jamestown, So-
nora. Tnolomne and Angels 4.ZSP
9.00a Martinez and Way Stations As3 r
10.00a Vallejo- 12.25*
10.00a £1 Paao Panicnger. Kaatbonnd.—
Port Costa. Martlnex, Byron,
Trscy, Lathrop, Stockton,
Merced. Raymond. Fresno, Han-
ford. Vlsalla. Balterifleld. Los
Angeles and El Paso. (West-
bound arrives »la Coast Line)... «1.3ur
1000 a The OTerland Limited — Ogden. •
Denrer, Omaha. Chicago. 2"s?
12.00x Hayward. Niles and Way Stations. 3.25*
t14)0r Sacrtmento Mirer Steamers til.OOr
340f Benlcls. Winters. Sacramento.
Woodland. Knights Landing.
Marysrllle, Ororllle and way
sutfons mt A
3Z0r Hayward, Nlles and Way Stations.. 7.55r
4 COf \I»rtlnez.S»n Ramon. ValleJcNapa.
CalUtoga. SanU Boaa. .2?i A
44I0F Martinez, Tracy.Lathrop,Stoci:ton. 10.25a
400f Nlles, Lfrermore. Stockton. Lodl.. 4.25?
4 ZQr Hsyward. Ulles, Irrlngton, 8aa J t8.|5A
Jose, LlTermore I til. 55a
B-COf The Owl Limited— Fresno. Tulare.
Bakeraaeld. Los Angeles 8.5Sa
6.00f Port Coata. Tracy, Stockton. Los<
Banoa 1 2?5 P
: tB-30* Hayward, Nilea and San Joso 7- 2&A
\S 6.00r Hayward. Niles and San Jose. 10.25a
6.001" erlesui Mall— Ogden. Denver,
Omnfc*. St. Lonls. Chicago and
Kaat. Port Costa, Benicia. Sal-
sun. Elmlra. Daris, Sacramento,
Boeklta. Auburn, Colfax,
Trackee. Boca, Beit, Wads- -
worth, Winnemucc*. Battle
Mounutn, Elko 4.2Sf
t.BOy Vallejo. daily, except Sunday.... » 755.
7.00? Vallejo, Sunday only ? toa
7M0r Saa Pablo, Port Costa, Martlnes •
and Way Stations 11.25a
8-06r Oregon * California Expreas— Sao- -jksai
ramento. Marystllle. Bedding.
Portland. Poget Sound and Ea»t. 8-55 a
8.10P Hayward. Nllea and San Jose (Sun-
¦*¦'-¦ dayonly)..... 11.55a
1l.25r Port Coata. Tracy, Lathrop. Mo-
deito, Merced. Baymond (to To-
•emlte), Fresno, Uasford. VI-
¦alia. Bakerafleld 122Sr
COAST LINE (Jlarrow «iamg«)..
» (Foot of Market S treat.)
745a Santa Crux Excursion (Soaday
only) 8.10*
8.15a Newark. Centerrllle. Saa Jose.
Felton. Boulaer Creek, SanU
Crni and Way Stations 6.25>
t2.1fi> Newark. Centerrllle. Saa Jose,
New AlmadeswLoa Gato«.Felton.
Boulder Creek. Santa Cruz and
Principal Way Stations 1055a
4.1B> Hewark. San Jose. Los Gatoa and
t way station* (on Saturday and
Sunday ram through to Santa
Cruz; Monday only from Santa
Craz). Connects at Felton to
and from Boulder Creek tS-SS*
OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY.
From SAN * It AN CISCO. Foot of Market St. f Sllp4»
— 17:15 9:00 11:00 a.m. 1.00 3.00 5.15r.X.
From OAKLAND. Foot of Broadway — +*:0t> t3:00
fS:05 1i);Q0a.m. 1200 200 4 00p.m.
COAST LINE (Hr.»» iiaw).
tTT (Third and Townsend Streets.)
6.10a San Jose and Way Stations. 6 30*
' 1700a San Jose and Way Stations . .. 5.38*
7.15a Monterey and Santa Cruz Excur-
sion (Sunday only) 8-30p
I 8-OOa New Almaden (Tuea.. Frid.. only). 4.10*
8 00a Coaat Line Limited— StopsonlySaa
Jose. Gllroy (connection for nol-
lleter), Fajara. CaitroTille. Sa-
linas. Ban Ardo. Psio Boblem
.6anUMargarlta.SaaLulsOblapo. »
Guadslupe, Surf (connection for
¦ Loaopoc). Santa Barbara. Saugua
and Lo» Angelea. Connection at
CaatroTilla to and from Monterey
and Pacific Grore ..%»...- 10.48*
9.00a San Joae. Tres Plnos-.—Capnols,
Saa ta Cruz. Pacific Grove. Salln us,
, San Luis Oblapo and Principal
. Intermediate -Stations 4.10>*
10-30* Baa Joae and Way Stations........ 1.20*
11410a Cemetery Paaaenger — Soutn San
Francisco. Saa Bruno 1.05*
11.30a Santa Clara, ban Joae, Los Gatoa
aad Way Statlona . : ;.... 7.30?
•UOr Ban Jose and Way Stations x7.Q0r
2.00* San Joae a» d Way Stations 5940a
2.30* Cemetery Paaaen jrer— South Saa
Francisco, baa Bruno. 4.35*
t34J0* Del Monte Express— Santa Clara.
Sao Joa«, Del Monte. Monterey,
Pacific Grove (connects at Santa.
Clara for Santa Cruz, Boulder
_ , Creek and Narrow Gaage Points) t12-15r
0.30* Pacific Grore and Way Stations—
HnrliEEump.Pan Mateo.Kedwood,
MenloPark. Palo Alto, Mayfleld.
. Mountatn View. Lawrence, Santa
*" Clara, San Joae, (Ol'.roy. Hollls-
» .- ter, Trea Plnos), Pajaro. Watson-
?llle. Capitols. Santa Cruz. Cas-
__ troTille. Satlnaa 1045a
4-30f 6an Joae and Way Stations 838a
oXOf Ban Joae. (via Santa Clara) Los
Gatoa. ATrlght and Principal Way
., _ SUtlona (except Sunday). 3-OOa
{5-JCr Bub Jone*nd Principal Way Stations t8.00A
1 6.1 br Ssn Mateo. Bereaford.Belmont, San
Carlos. Redwood. Fair Oaks,
MentoParlr. Palo Alto t9-45*
. t.ZCr San Joae and Way Sutlon*.....:... 6.38a
74)0* 8una«t Limited. Ea»tbound.— Saa ¦--..--
Lola Oblapo. S*nu» Barbara, Loa J
.Angelea, l>em!ng. El Piao. New
Orleana. New York. (Westbound
srrlTr»Tla8»nJoaqu1nValley)... «r8 25a
8.00 fPuo Alto »nd Way Stations 10.15a
11.30* South San Francisco. Mllibrae,'
Burllngame, San Mateo. Bel<
moat, San Carlos, Kedwood, .....
Fair Oaks. Menlo Park. i»a!o ¦ Is^ST.
Alto. Mayfleld. Mountain View. W-*o*
Sunnyvale. Lswience, Santa ¦
¦ » Clara and San Jose
t -•-¦ AforMornlni:. P for Afternoon.
' x Saturday snd Sunday only. J Sunday only. %
t Stops at all autlona on Sunday. , .
t Sunday excepud. a Saturday only.
« \ la Coaat Line. tr Via San Joaqain Valley.
BfOnty trains atopplag at Valencia St. aonthtaand
aie»:10A.Ji..r;:COjk.M..n:WJA.M..2:a)p.M.i»nUS:3dp.3«.
MOUNT TAMALPAIS RAILWAY
- L^** fkSiasHito Ferry ~~ Arriv* *
S— Fran. Krt at HarxM «. Saj Fran.
Week) Sub7 -_i jffiL-i: ~*"" '"^»- — W««T
iifJ P tS ! S2 A «^H l>:50r3i39r
fclftp 10:00a l^^gy 3:30f3:50*
fcteraayi »aly, Katt T»t»t>T 9;3Oy.irhV«l/. ili3O^
5^!L \ «»>**«««¦ St- (Nona Shore fUttroadT
. «W™ I s»d Saubmuto Pkxky Foot Marksc St.
f Bffly GaU $1 JIO B6T Yea?California Stock and Oil Exchange
WASHINGTON
OREGON.
TACOMA. Oct. 14.— WHEAT— Unchanged;
bluestem. 79e; club. 75c.
PORTLAND. Oct. 14.—; wHFAT— Wall*
Walla "ic; bluest»m. 75c; valley, »6<5»ic.
Northern Wheat Market.
There were no changes In Game. Receipts
were moderate and the demand for good vound
stock steady. The season for Wild Ducks
opens to-day.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys, 20(g23c per Jb for
young and 14017c for old; Gees*, per 'pair.
$1 7.V&2; Goslings, $2?2 25: Ducks. $535 50
per dozen for old and $5 501?t} 50 for young;
Hens. $tf<j6 50 for large and $4 50@5 60 for
small: young Roosters. $4 S0$?5; old Roosters,
$4 50©5: Fryers, $4@4 50; Broilers. &J 25.'a>
J 50 for Urge and $2 75®3 for small; Pigeons,
$1 per dozen for old and $2*J2 25 for Squabs.
GAME — Rabbits. $1 75 per dozen for Cotton
tall, fl 25 for bush; Hare. $1Q1 25 per dozen;
Wild Doves. $1 50 per dozen: English Snipe.
$3 50 per dozen: Common Snipe, $1 50 per
dozen: Gray Geese, $5 per dozen. . .
The fourth car of Western Poultry for the
current week, composed chiefly of young stock!
was on sale and moved off rather slowly. The
receipts of domestic were moderate and the
market was easy for young stock, partlcularlv
Roosters, which were quoted lower. Broilers
end Fryers, were scarce and cleaned up quickly
at steady rates. Large Old Hens were also in
small supply and stead}'.
Poultry and Game.
NEW TORK. Oct. 14.— The cotton market
opined steady at an advance of 2 points to a
decline of 2 points, and closed steady, net 1^5
points higher. _
New York Cotton Market.
NEW YORK Oct. 14. — The local tin market
was higher to-day, closing at $25 S0S25 W>. the
advance being mainly d'-e to the firmer tons
at London, where prices were 15s higher at
£115 .'* for spot a° d £l 2 * h'gher at £115 15»
°C«pt*r advanced 12s Cd to £54 5* for spot in
I>ondon and futures 10s tq, £54 2» 6d. Locally,
copper remained quiet. Lake is quoted at
$13© U 23- electrolytic at $13313 12Vs and cast
¦"lead cloVng at £11 was unchanged In Lon
don, as It wa* also here, where the price re
m X Vv*\itr at $6 in the New
York market and at £20 hs In London.
Iron closed at .Vta in Glasgow and at 46s fid
in Midclesboro. Locally. Iron was quiet. No.
1 foundry. Northern, at $16^17; No. 1 foundry.
Northern. $1.W1«; No. 1 foundry. Southern,
soft. $15@1S W.
New York Metal Market.
VEGETABLES — Green Peas. 2@:5c per lb:
String Beans, lV£@2Vic per In; Wax. Z^iSJor;
Lima Beans. 4(§5c per lb; Tomatoes, 2T>§50c per
box: Summer SquaHh. 3.V3-tOc per box; Cab
bage. C0c t>«r ctl; Carrots. 75c per Back; Cu
cumbers. 4i)^50c per box; Garlic. 3ffi4c per Ib;
tireen Pepper*. 35<ff50c per box for Chile- and
50®75c for Bc-11: Green Okra. 5OS7i>c per box;
Egg 'Plant. 33$f50c per box; Marrowfat Squash,
$1»>S12 per ton.
There were no changes In Vegetables. With
the exception of Green Corn, the reason for
which i3 about over, all kinds were in ampin
supply. Tomatces were the most plentiful and
they ruled easy, with poor quality offerings go
ing to the canners at the minimum quotation.
POTATOES — Burbanks from the river, rtoM
75c per ctl: Salinas Burbanks. $1 25$! 45 per
ctl: Oregon Burbankfs. 7o'S'4H>c per ctl; River
Reds. •0679a per otl: -Sweet Potatoes. $1 .05©
1 40 per ctl for Merced and ?1 25 for Stockton
UNIONS— eoesfjc per ctl.
Conditions In the Potato market *howed no
change from the previous report. Salfnas Bur
banks cold off well enough under a good local
demand, while River and Oregon Burbanka
vrere dull, with stocks steadily accumulating
Two cars of Merced Sweets were marketed and
prices were ihaded. Onions were unchanged.
Some, dealers were still asking Soc per cental!
but few sales were reported at that figure, 7C>o
being the highest price obtained for the general
run of fancy stock.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
Wheat— ¦ Oct. Dec.
Opening Nominal H5
Closing 6 5
PARIS.
Wheat — Oct. Jan. -Apl.
Opening 21 40 21 ro
Closing 21 <" 21 0<>
Opening"" *?2 It ~ n
Closing •»<» 28 20
Foreign Futures.
LIVERPOOL.
HOGS — Live Hog?. 150 to 250 lbs. 5»ic:
under 150 lbs. 5Va85=4c; Sows. 20 ?tr cent eff;
The following quotations are for good, sound
Livestock, delivered in San Francisco, leas 30
per cent shrinkage for Cattle:
CATTLE — Steers, £B9c; Cows . and Heifers.
7@8c: thin Cows. 4©5c per pound.
CALVES— +4i4V» c P* r pound (grovs weight).
SHEEP — Wethers. 3VsQ3%c; Ewes. 3'jaUa
per pound (cross weight).
LAMBS— $2 7&g3 per head. •
LIVESTOCK MARKET.
Wholesale rates from slaghterers to dealers
are at> follows:
BEEF— t®7c for Steers and 5S& per lb
for Cows.
VEAL— Large. G.Q7c; small. . gffPc per Ib.
MUTTON — Wethers. 7VbfiS«: Ewes. ~Q~>£c
per pound.
LAMB— !>©10c per pound.
PORK — Dressed Hoes, 8V4^*4c per pound.
There is no further change In Cattle,. Sheep
and ¦ Hogs.
DRESSED MEATS.
Meat Market.
A «light change appears in Sheepskins and
there U Vic decline In Buckskins. Tallow is
also quoted somewhat lower. Hops rule easy
at the decline menttonad, and the demand at
the moment Is slack.
A local house says of Wool: "An unac
countable dullness has developed In the Wool
market and in the absence of any wholesale
trading the prevailing prices are purely nom
inal. The Marysville sales held last Saturday
were extremely disappointing to growers, who
were forced to accept from SfrlCc a pound for
th»lr stock, although they had expected «r
least 1012120. the same rates that were ob
tained at the* recent Red Bluff sales. A quiet
tone Is also prevailing In the Eastern centers."
In connection with the current weakness In
Hops advices from New York say: -'A point
is being made by some of the trade that with
Hops at their present cost, the question of
finance Is an important one with many d*»aler«.
It taking a large outlay of money to handle
any considerable quantity of Hor«. and the
condition of money makes It necessary to pay
high rates of Interest to obtain funds."
HIDES AND SKINS — Culls and brands sell
about lV»c under quotations. .-leavy Salted
Steers, i>ViC: medium. 8&c; light. Sc; 'Cow
Hides Sc for heavy and Sc for lU'lit: Sun,
0c: Salt?d Kli», SVic; Salted Veal. OVic;
Salted Calf. 10c: dry Hides. l."@15Vic: dry Kip.
lies dry Calf. 17c; Sheepskins, thearlirjts. 22©
3<Vr 'each- short Wool. 4O4?tiOc each; medium. 70
CifOc- Ions wool. *li@l SO each: Horse HMe*.
?*t $2 75 for large and $2tT2 50 for medium,
Jl l&'dl M ior * tn » 1 ' and r>Oc for Horse
Hide* dry $t 73 for larse and $1 W for me
dium ' SIS! Sffi for small and !Wc for Colts.
Buck Kklna — Dry Mexican, 32e: dry salted
Mexican. 25c: dry Central American. 32c.
CJoat Skins — Prime Angoras, 75c; large and
smooth WKt; medium. 35c: small. 20c.
TALLOW — No. I rendered, 4*ic per lb: Xo.
2. 4e; grease. 2^«3c.
WOOL— Fall clip — £an Joaquin Ltmbs . 9®
lie Middle County. ll©12c; Nort v «rn Free,
llfiV'e- Northern Defective, lOtgnr; Hum
boldt and Mendocino. 12©14c: Nevada. 13#13c;
Oregon, ftne. ISSlOe: Oregon, medium. 17c
""HOPS— 20<g23c per lb for California and 20®
23c for Oreg-on.
Hides, Tallow, Wool and Hops.
Whites are firmer, as a shipping demand for
them has .-prune up during tho past day or two.
The other kinds of Beans remain unchanged!
Receipts were heavy yesterday, exceeding 15,-
CCO sacks.
BEANS— Bayos. $2 35ft2 55; Pea, $3 "S-
Butters, »5O; small White. $3@3 25- larga
White, |i5T0©2 SO: Pink. $2 40©2 5O; Red
$2 l'0fi3i Lima, f3@3 25; Red Kidneys,
MS 4 25: Blackeye, $'2 5O32 65 per ctl; Horse
Beans. 51 40<gl 50.
SEEDS — Brown Mustard, nominal; Yellow
Mustard, nominal; Flax, $1 7Cigl SO; Canary,
5g5Vjc for Eastern; Alfalfa, nominal; Rape'
1?4@-Vic: Timothy. CiQiUic: Hemp, r.»i©3Uc
per lb; Millet, 3@3>;c: Broom Corn Seed S'tJt*
23 rer ton.
L-RIED PEAS— Green. $1 S0g2 per ctl
Beans and Seeds
NEVP TORK STt>?K LIST.
Htocke— Sales. Hirh. Low. Clo«e.
Atchison 11.400 «+i» <r.Vi 6r5T»
Atcfclson Pfd 1.200 J57H RC% ST
Bait * Ohio ».000 73S ":*.V« 73ti
Halt * Ohio pfd «5U
Canadian Pacific... T«.9OO 117^4 115H Ht>S
« entral of N J .... u»
•Ties & Ohio !V*> 29H 23 2S*4
«ftl & Alton 1.700 24% i3i4 23»4
•'hi A Alton pfd... 100 C2", C21, 61
•hi * G Western.. 2.100 1«*£ 13?» 14Vi
•/iii & G W B pfd .... 25»4
Chi * Nortfewe»tn. Too us tpj 1M '
Chi Term & Trar.s. 100 8I5 SH 8
Oil Terra & T pfd .-. . i<j
C C C & St Louis. 700 7114 70H C9«t
Colo Southern 200 1184 \j%- j| 4i
Cole Soutb 1st pfd. 300 t&U 4S 4S
NEW TOP.K. Ot. 11— Attemr>t» en the
part or the profe*«!or.al traders to advance
*to.-ks were dstorbed by the development of
a number of vfjk rent* In much the sam*
manner as rettertay. The advances which
were achieved were in <^r.i"ffaenct generall}
wiped out and the last trices u-ere beluw Hit
night as a ruJ». The ttrcastJi in early dealing
KMhtlpfdby the dicker rase of prieea in
L-.r.dot:. where the fi=auclal commtmity felt
great c;ncourae»mKt ever the r ;rO s'^ct of
averting hottiiitie* between Russia ana Japan
The *tcck Liarket eituaticn at Pitt?ttir« vaj
miK.h itr.rroved to-day, an( « m^rk^t value* O f
CruriLIe Steel preferred w«:u far toward rr
pairtna the damare done ty yesterdays pan
i< fcy breat. The regxauHe pr»*turr- upon
United States Steel r.r*f^rred. whlc-h b-ok^
tb*t stook In yestertfaj-'t market, was relieved
in consequence. Ttt- ofnclal denial cf *otne of
the disturbing rumors r^tr»rd;njr the business
of some of the industrial corpora t! or. s indited
!>< activity ol bear !nar:'puiatr.i> in UUsernina
tir.g tJ-e tun>crs «nd prcmr.ted *-u::r<- rtctHi}
TTie break tti tUe Canadian Kroup ef storks
of^re^i th» first Isttrruptitin to ih» advance
ar.-I served to h£-S to the »mxjety c»;is»,; by
rcrtfTOaya rstnors of financial difficulties in
Moptrral. Th<- effect on the teneral li-t wa*
not very m.-.rkt.l. and attemrit? wfr» mad* to
«.-onte*t the n-acticn. Th« market was without
any animation, however, after this uevelcjr
ment. Liti^- in the day the weakri*** of
Amalicamated Cor>r*r <>••? r^hadowed the whaie
tftuuion. The «o«k was lifted a rolnt In
the early dealing* an<J rer!ert»<l quite an active
».pe*ulatiott. based on to-rr.orrt/Ws dividend
m»-«>tlr.jr. The latt trcak to ."K^c. a low record
5 or the jrtock. caused all torts of eurrriises about
to-morrow's dividend action. The weakness of
the American Smelting ftock* seemed to be
associated with that of Amalgamated «-*opper.
The x-iolrnt break in Aineriraa Or ttock
-''jward the clore of the resf'tm also had an un
yttlir.p effe<-t. Tho « emmon fell 3^ and the
preferred 4'j. The premium f-ommacded by
tl-e«e rtock* in the loan crowd • this mornir.K
indicated an overextended tbort i^-oust, aci
the covcrins by the b*ars rallied them !n the
•»rly market. TT-e effect ur>on *er.tlment of
the uter break was correspondingly creator.
o»tnf to th'.s rupportiri? lnflu»T5ce of th« mar
ket. No news developed regarding: the property.
Se%-eral attempt* were made to rally the mar
ket after the various points, of weakness had
dev»l<jj>ed. One of these took the form of a
blddinr Kr> Of the Vanderbllt rroun. This
*.e»-r::ed deslfr.ed to rive the impression that the
leading member* of the family in control, n»w!y
returned frcm abroad, were buyinr the rtneks.
Hut the «u*>*eq'jnit release pointed to the mov»
n;ent m» a trajers" device. There was a buy
«nr nvoverreiii «t one time in Reading al*c.
Th» r««air.ptlcr of th» hearirur in the L'nited
P?»te ghtpbuild:rp ru'.t seemed to exercise «.
iiepr»e»irir effect <ya the trading. The day's
rrturr* of TzHmAi f-arnirss m-ere cenerally t»
»-orablt> and the decline in Imports and the
r-onwpondins be-:e£t to the country's fa* - or»,bJe
trade balsscK. a# rt-jorted by the Buroau ot
Statistics in the P»v«.etnb?r forelrn trade re
turn?, anticipated a favorable factor In the ex
chanr* flttjsticn. But th»«e ccnsideratlons
failed t» hold th» Itre market against reaction.
I'rited States Pt«-el hor.-is rose % at one time,
but lort practically ail or the (rain. Tile bend
markt srerierally was anirr.ponant. Total sales
<r*r value). $l.*fTO.OOO.
J.'nited States bonds were unchanred on the
lart call.
Nczc York Stock Market
Chicago was weak on the day. but the pack
era reoorted a little better foreisn demand at
the decline. This market showed no change,
being quiet.
CURED MEATS — Bacon. 12Vie per lb for
heavy, 13c for light medium, 15c for light.
15Vic for extra light. lSV^c for sugar-cured and
10c" for extra surar-cured: Eastern sugar
cured Hams. lS^liffiri^c; California Hams. 15
§15^e; Mess Beef, 111 50 per bbl; extra Mess,
$12(612 50; Family, $13@13 50; prime Mess
Pork. $19; extra clear. $25; Mess, $20; Dry
Salted Pork, 12Vje; Pi2 Pork, $2J>; Pigs" Feet.
*5 25; Smoked Beef, 15c per lb.
LARD— Tierces quoted at 7%c wr lb for
compound and 9-jic for i>ure; half barrels,
pure. 10c: 10-lb tins, lOV&c; 5-ib tins. 10%c;
3-Ib tins. 10*4 c.
COTTOLENE — One half barrel, Oftc: three
half barrels 9^0; one tierce. 9*jc; two tierces,
OUc; five tierces. tfVic oer lb.
Provisions.
EAS fERN MARKE TS.
Cash quotations were as follows: Flour,
steady: No. 3 soring wheat. 7SV«c; No. 2 red.
"O^-asOc; No. 2 corn, 45%@45*4c: No. 2 yel
low. "47S J7 ! -c: No. 2 oat?. 37c; No. 3 white.
.18 <4«i:iS Vac; Xo. 2 rye. 5»VS56V4c: good feeding
barley, 40^?42c; fair to choice malting. 46g5.Sc;
No. 1 flaxseed. 9«c; No. 1 Northwestern,
51 03 1 -'.; prime timothy seed. $2 80; mess pork,
per bbl. $11 25ffll 30; lard. r*r 100 lbs.
$3 87V-''fi6 W: short ribs sides (loose). $7 75*3
7 R0; dry salted shoulders (bosed). $6 50®6 75;
short clear st<les <boxed>. $S 12'A«I3 25; whisky,
basl* of hiyh wines. $1 23: clover, contract
grade. flO S5gll.
Articles — Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels 4:5,400 1S.-1C0
Wheat, bushels 200, «00 04.300
Corn, buihels 425.300 72.2W
Oats, bushels 415.400 222.»*O
Rye bushels 13.400 S.1OO
Barley, bushels 24^S,400 21.S0O
On the Produce Exchange to-day the Butter
market wan steady to firm; creameries, 15V£Q
"0c- dairies. 14Q18c; eggs, steady at mark.
ca.«es included, 18$19Hc; cheese, steady.ll^
llVic.
Alvinza Hayward to Htbernta Savings ami
Loan Society, lot on SW corner of Fifteenth
and Dolores streets. S 71. W 137. N to point.
K 192. quitclaim deed; 91.
Robert L. Christie to Frank O. Renstrom.
lot on NW corner of Cumberland and Cnurcn
streets. N &4 by \V 1(»: »10.
Hlbtrnia Savings and Lean Society to Mar
garet Noonan. lot on N line of Twenty-first
street. 210 W of Noe. W 23 by N 114; *W0-
Mary A. Smith to Andrew E. and Minnie
E. Smith, lot en SW corner of F"olsom aril
Twenty-fourth streets. S loo by W 35; $10.
Alfred Kahn to Clara Llchtecsteln, lot on
N line of Twenty-fifth street, 75 E of Bryant.
E 25 by N 104; also lot on E line of Eureka
street. 173 :S S of Seventeenth. 3 49:4 by K
125' also lot on N line of Lobos street. 25O K
of Capital avenue. E 75 by N 125. block P.
Railroad Homestead; ai?o lot on NE corner of
Twenty-fifth and Bryant streets. E 75 by X
104; also lot on SE corner of France and Na
ples streets S 450 by E 100, block 53, Excel
sior Hcmeitead; also lot on E lme of Yale
street, loo S of Woolsey, E 120 by S 200.
block >«5. University Mound; also lot on SU
corner of Italy and Naples streets. .S 150 by W
10O. lot 4. block 42. Excelsior Homestead:
aico lot on NW line of PaxU street. 10O NE of
lirazll. NE 5O by NW 10O. block 13. same; also
lots 17 and 19. block 1. De Boom tract; also lot
on SE line of Mission street. 300 NE of China
avenue. NE 50 by SE S-{:6. block I. Excelsior
Homestead : also lot en SW Una of China ave
nue. 25 NW of Parts. NW 50 by SW ICO. blcck
l::. same: also lot on NW line of Paris street.
2CO SW of China avenue. SW 10O by NW Met
lot 7. block 13. sajne; also lot on W line of
Wyoming and Sickles streets. NW 237 by SW
80, lot 12, block 7, western map 2; a'so lot
on NE corner of Twenty-fourth and Columbia
streets (Florida), E 23 by N 104: also lots 111;;.
U15. 1117. 1119. 1121 to 1123. gift map 2: also
lot on NW line of Telegraph road. 78:4 SW
of Tingley street. NW 112:10V». SW n. SE
10S-.3. NE 25:4H. Academy Tract: also lot on
S line of Ney street. 40© E of Condon. E W«>
by S 10O. lots 9 and 10, block 12. College
Homestead; also lot on SW line of China
avenue 25 SE of London street. SE 25 by
SW 1C0. lot 1. block 13, Excelsior Homestead*
also lot on S line of R'chland avenue. 167:9 E
of Holly street. E SO by S l'«\ lots 2 and 3.
block 5 Holly Park: also lot en W line of
York street. 157 N of Twenty-fifth. N 2tt by
W 100: also lot on N line of Twenty-fifth
street. K.O E of Bryant. E 25 by N 104; also
lets 1124 to 1131. rift map 3. and all interest
in 20 A. M. 1<3: $10-
Baptist* and Santina Fopciano to Gabrieli*
Fopplano. undivided v, of lot ' on W line o?
Vermont street. 125 S of Twenty-thlnS. S 50
by W 10i>: *IO.
Joseph Slye to Melissa A. Potter, lot an SE
corner of Fifth and Shipley streets. SE 50
by NE 100; $H».
Cay District I.ard Company to Erfwanl Ne
lander. lot on W line ot First avenue, 10© N'
of B street. N 25 by W 120; |10.
Fernando and Julia A. Nelson to William G.
and Eliza E. Brown, lot on E I In* of Second
avenue. 150 S of A street, 5 25 bv E 12O; $1O.
Gertrude and Geor«e E. Hail to Isatxti G.
Fairbanks, lot on S line of K street. 57:8 W
of Forty-fifth avenue. W 25 by S 100; $ 10.
Delia and Patrick P. Qninn to ElUn H. and
John W Kelsey. lot on SW coTier of Ninth
avenu* and M street. XV 12O by 8 58; $l«.
City ar.d County of San Francisco to Gecrge
II Wlnterburn lot *n SW corner of Forty
eighth avenue and S street. W 17:«. 8 SCO.. N
CO"; *10.
S. Ducas Company to Alvln and Ell*ab*th
Sarcander lot on N corner of Eighth avenue
and L street. NE 100 by NW ICO. lot 110. bto^k
' C. J G. W. Reuter to A. F. G. and H. O. C.
Reuter". lot en E Itne of Capp street. 150 S of
Seventeenth. 8 30 by E l£i:o; *1U.
BEAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Articles — Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2—
Dec. (new) 79Vi 701, 78Ti 78*4
May 79V, 79», 7S»4 78%
Corn No. 2—
October 45»i 45% 45iJ 45 Vi
December 45N 45»4 45 45»i
May 44Vi 44S 43% 44
Oats No. 2 —
October 37 .17 36-\ 38»i
December ."57*4 37 4 37 37 V 4
May P.iri, 3S 37»& 37»4
Mess Perk, cer bbl —
October .' 11 25
January 12 15 12 22Vi 12 07Va 12 07>»i
May 12 30 12 37 Vi 12 25 12 27 V,
Lard, per 100 lbs —
October 8 SS 6 !>•> 6 P2Vi « 82«i
December C 82*4 6 «2'i 6 S7H 6 R7Vi
January « !*2«i 6 !)2V. rt 87 V, 6 80
May 1; 97'i « 92V4 6 92Vj 8 95
Short Ribs, per ICO Ib* —
October S JO 8 50 S 50 8 50
January- « 50 6 52^ 6 45 *» 45
May 6 60 6 60 6 524 6 M'i
Last This Laet
.Ptaticns. 24 hwrs. Sea*on. Season, j
Eureka O.<«) 3.17 0.«,S '
Red Bluff O.«» O.44 «i.t>4 j
Sacramento 0.00 0.14 0.12 |
San Francisco ©_»*) 0.17 0.21
-Fresno O.*"O 0.0" T.
Independence O.G0 T. O.:ttj
t-ari Luis Obl5po 0.00 0.C2 T.
Log Armeies 0.00 0.43 T.
Pan DlegtJ 0.00 O.M 0.02
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
The pressure still continue* high over the
ncrth^rn half of the Pacific Slope and low in
the preat caller of California. There has been
but little eir eUrrlng Jn California, nearly all
stations reporting Iisrht winds. There has been
a fall to ttmperature of 12 df'jrree? at Loe An
*«-l*8 ar.d »• degrefe at San Luis Obispo. In the
Str. Joaquin Valley high temperatures prevail
an<! con<5itic>as are excellent for raisin making.
At San Francisco a maximum temperature
of *4 decrees Is rt-p«rttd. while at the Faral
loaea the highest temperature was fct) degrees.
Fcrecart made *t San Franc'sco for thirty
[ton eadic* raidr.i£ht. October 15:
SCcrthera California— Fair Thursday: cooler
on the coart; light north wind, changing to
ecuth'anerly.
Southern <"al!fornU — Cloudy Thursday: fresh
, southwest winds.
Nevada— Fair Thursday.
Pan Frar.c:«co and vicir.ity— Fair Thursday
cooler; l'.Eht r.-rtherly. cfcanrlr.gr to brisk west
erly winds, with fog. a. G. McADIE.
District Forecaster.
15 Pacific Gas 1ms 52 75
20 S F Ges A Electric Co 6« 00
$4CA0 Spring Val 4s bon<l* CJrl mtge).. l>9 50
$4lM> Spring Val 4s bonds «.M mtge>.. 0b 25
-¦ Afternoon Session.
5Q Hawaiian Com A Sugar 45 09
50 Honokaa 12 5O
25 MaStaweli 21 Cn>
$10.0f0 Pac Elect Ry 5 per cent in» 25
$5000 S P of Arlxona «1810>... 10S 50
Jll.OCO S P of Arltona (1910) 10$ SIti
$2C«0 S P Cal 1st eon» **t istamped>...HW 75
*v000 S P Cal tst cons As (stmpd).s 10.10S 75
*50UO Spring Val Is bonds (2d mtge).. 80 5O
Street—
75 Paciflc Lighting Co 55 50
$1C,000 S P of C 6s bonds «1905, S»rB).103 '.'j
WEDNESDAY. Oct. 14—2 p. m
UNITED STATES BONDS.
Bld.Ask.1 Bid. Ask.
4s qr coup. . — — [4a qr (new). — —
4s qr reg — — '3s qr coup.. — —
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Ala A W 5s. — — O T Co 5s.. — m
Bay CPC\5s.lO3?;in«i Do con 5s.lC3 —
Cal C G Is. - 104% O W C g 5s. — 97U
Cal G A E g Oceanic S 5s 75 79
m& et 5s. — 102Vi Otn II C f.%. — 122«4
Cal-st 5s — — Pac G Im 4*. — —
C C Wat 5s. — 102 P E Ry 5s.l00i41COV-i
E L A P 69.125 130 |P 4 C H Hi. - —
F & C H «s. — 116Vi P & O R 6s. — —
G«ary-st 5s.. 45 — Powell-st fls. — 114
HC & S 54sl01 — 3 E GAR 5s. — 103V4
H C A S 5s. OSVilOO SF A SJV5s. — 117 1-
Hcn R T fi».10GV410S S R of C 6s.ll2Vi —
L A Elec 5a. — 105 S P of A 6a
L A Ry Ss.,113 114 (1OCO> 1O7»4 —
L A L Co Cs — — (1910) — —
Do gtd 6s. — — 3 P of A es
Do gtd 59.102 — (19C5)Sr A.1C2 —
LAP lem Ss. — 10HU .(1905)Sr B.10« 1034
Mkt-st C 6S.11S 11SV <100«) lfriVi —
Do lem 5s — n« (1012) .... — 117«4
NRR of C 6s — ltl% SPC 1 eg'59. — llSvi
Do 5s 113Vi — Do stmpd.lCSli — '
X P C R 5s. — 10<«V4 S.P B R 6s. 127V, —
N C R 5s.. — 113 SV Wat 6s. 105% —
N C P C 5s. — — Do 43 LMm. W^ICO
N S R ."53.. .100 — Do 4s 3dm. 09 — •
O G L H 5s. — — Stkn G4E 6s M —
O T Co 6s.. — 121 V G A E os. — —
WATER STOCKS.
• '•¦itra Cnsiz. — '0 tl'ort «\><tn..
Korin Ca . •'•• - - !t"p s v.- c« ip
GAS AND ELECTRIC.
Cent LAP. 3Vi 4%!Sac E G A R — —
Eqult Gas .. 4*, 5*i|S F G & E. MK 67H
Mutual E L. 11% 13 fl F Gas.... 3 —
Pac G Imp.. 52H 53 H Stock G A E 5
Pac Lighting 55 — IU G A E..
TRUSTEES' CERTIFICATES.
S F G A E. — —
INSURANCE.
Firem's Fnd.325 —
BANK STOCKS.
Am Nat Bk. — 125 L P A A — 175
Anglo-Cal ... — !>5 Mer Trust ..225
Bank of Cal. — 485 Merch Ex . . —
Cal Safe Dp.140 ICO Is F Nationl. —
First Nationl — — I
SAVINGS BANKS.
Ger S & L. — . — TSav & L, Soc. 95 —
Hum SAL. — — Sec !sav Bk.400 SfH)
Mutual Sav.. — — { Union T Co. —
S F Sav u . . COO 700 I
STREET RAILROADS. -.•-•'
California ..llfci 205 [Presidlp .... «l
Giant 65 66 Vlgorlt — {
SUGAR.
Hana P Co. — 15c iKIIauea S C. — 6
Hawaiian C. 43 — Makaweli C. 2O»4
Honokaa S C 12»-i 13 Utiom'a |J C. 32 33
Hutch SPC — l<>VPaauhau S C 15«4
MISCELLANEOUS.
Alaska Pack. — 15t> Oceanic S C. li'i 6V4
Cal Fruit As. 01 — Pac A F A. 2** —
Cal Wins As. — $K! Pac C Borx.lbi —
Morning Session.
Board —
?fOCO Market-st Cable 6s bonds US CO
Street —
70 Giant Powder Co 85 23
Stock and Bond Exchange.
There is little change to note except the ar
rival of a car of new comb Honey from Indlo,
selling at 12Vi$14c per lb. and a decline in
Chestnuts'.
NEW FRUIT— Apricots. 7S9«ic fcr Rcyal3
and legllc for Moorparks; Evaporated Apples.
4«~.ffjjVic: sun-dried. 3Vjti4c; Peachts, 5§7c;
Pears. «&10c; Nectarines. 4i£5Wc: Fit's, white,
4@4?ic in boxes; Plums, pitted. 5*?S;: per lb.
PilUXES — 1903 crop. 2 7 &®3 l .i,c tor the four
sizes.
RAISINS — Following are prices free on
board to common shipping points: Imperial
clusters, $3 per 20-lb box: Dehcsa clusters,
$2 CK>; fancy clusters, $2; 3-crown Loudon Lay
ers. $1 55; 2-crown London Layers, $1 45; 4
crown standard loose Muscatels, *> : -'a7c per
lb: J-crown standard loose Muscatels. GV4<@
tj'.ic; 2-crown standard Muscatel*. <i@6V4e;
Seeiiless .Muscatels. 5c: Seedless Mascatel3,
ticated; 5>jc; Seedless standard SuLanas, 5c;
Thompson Seedless standard. «c. The follow
ing quotations en needed are for a limited
quantity only: Fancy. Its ounces p«r lb, 7*4c;
fancy. 12 ounces per packase, U*«c; choice. Ill
ounces per. Ib. 7 Vic; choice, 12 ouno« per pack
ase. U'ac; fancy, bulk, per lb, 7VJc; choice,
bulk per Ib. 7V4e.
XUTS— Walnuts, No. 1 soft«hell. 13V4c; No.
2. HVic; No. 1 hardshell. 13c; No. 2, lie;
Almonds, He for Nonpareils. lOUc for I X L,
10V4C for Ne Plus Ultras and 8?4c for Langue
doc; Peanuts. <;i&7c for Eastern: I ecan3. 11®
13e: Cocoanuts, *4 50®5; California Chestnuts.
l«I15c per lb. f
HONEY — Comb. new. 12ii@14c for white
and uailc for amber; new water white ex
tracted 5V>fi8 1 ic; light amber extracted. 5c;
dark. aVi@4V.[C.
BEESWAX— 27C20c.
Dried Fruits,Nuts, Raisins, Honey
Bran and Middlings rule firm at the recent
advance, with llsht offerings.
Hay rules weak, owing to the recent large
receipts, and Alfalfa la. beinc sold lower by
some dealers.
The circular of Somers & Co. says of Hay:
"During the latter part of last week receipts
of Hay were very light, but this week has
opened with rather heavy shipments again.
The total for the week ending to-day amounts
to 32C0 tons, an Increase over the week pre
ceding of 700 tons. Shipments by water have
been quite heavy the past few days, but witn
the exception of Monday's record shipments by
rail have been quite light. Quite a portion of
the water shipments have been Alfalfa. Most
of the Grain Hay coming by boat wa3 shipped
from Stockton, which district alone has quite
a bit of Hay out of doom. What is arriving by
caru has been taken from the warehouses, and
owing to the expense of storag<rand Insurance
very little profit has been realized on the sale
of same, even with the recent advance in prices.
Because of Monday's heavy arrivals there was
a decided weakening In prices, although very
few sitlea were made.
The general tendency of the market will be
toward higher prices, for as practically all the
Hay is In second hands there will be a natural
effort to make some profit on what has been
purchased. The market will probably be a
very sensitive one, however, and prices will be
weak whenever a slngls day's arrivals are very
heavy.
"Choice Wheat Hay hold* its own better
than the other grades, for there Is a certain
daily demand for this kind of Hay. and as a
rule very light stocks of the choicest Hay aro
carried by the various dealer*. Although at
the present writlns the situation is a bit
weak, yet we can quote no change from the
prices elven last week."
BRAN— $J2Si£3 t>er ton. /
MIDDLINGS— S2762S 50 per ton.
SHORTS — $22323 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley. ?24g25 per
ton: Oilcake Meal at. the mill. $26!h2$ 50; job
bing, $27^27 5C; Cocoanut Cake, ?i*l@22; Corn
Meal, $32 5CS:«; Cracked Corn. $33@33 50;
Mixed Feed, $22 50^23 00; Horse Beans, S'JStfSO
per ton.
HAY — Wheat. $13S16, with sales of extra
choice at $16 50: Wheat and Oat. $12 50®
15 50; Oat. $12 50^14 50; Wild Oat. $11 5C4«
12 50: Barley. $1C@12 50; Stock, $0310; Alfai
fe, $10@ll 50 per ton.
STRAW— 4Ca&<5Sc i*r bal«.
Hav and Feed stuffs.
Following were the sales on the San Fran
cisco and Tonocah Mining Exchange yester-
Afternoon Session.
2C0 Mont Ton 37 1 "CO Ton N Star.. S*
Afternoon Session.
100 MacNamara . 11/. SwOMont Ton.... M
TONOPAH MINES.
SCO Andes 24) 2tK> Gould & Cur. 2f»
200 Belcher l~> l"0O Justice C.>
300 Bullion 11 200 Overman i
200Chollar ii 1300 Sa.va*« r >
ICO CCA Va..l 32"^ 200 Union Con... 6..
2CO Con N Y 13 260 'Union Con... «4
200 Exchequer .. 17 j SCO Union Con... 6-
Afternoon Session.
500 Alpha 08[ 500 Justice ...... 0..
COO Andes 25 200 Keyts Graslr.l 6O>
SCO Con N Y U ICO Union Con... »>l
100 Crown Foint.. ID **> Utah *-l
1C0 Gould & Cur. 19 200 Ltah ........
SCO Julia 0> 100 Yellow Jack.. I*
PACIFIC STOCK EXCHANGE.
Following were the sal«» on the Pacific
Stock Exchange yesterday:
Morning Session.
SCO Andes 2S 500 Savags 2*
SCO Andes 21 ; 2W Savage ...... £
300 Belcher H 20O Seg Belcher.. 0.
500 Bullion 10 2<jO Sierra Nev... 3
200 Chollar 23; 20O Union Con.... Bt
50O Julia OS! 200 Yellow Jack.. 44,
Afternoon Session.
Morning Session.
700 Alpha 06! 100 Con N T..... 1»
?:00 Andes 2 » 1100 Gould A Cur. 2«>
500 Belcher M 200 Keyes Grslr..l &••
4<>O Bullion 10 20O M*xlcan 1 «'»
SCO Chollar 24 ! 1200 Savage 25
SAN FRANCISCO STOCK EXCHANGE.
Following were the sale* on the Ban Fran
cisco Stock and Exchange Board ye«t«rday:
Mining Stocks.
FLOUR— California Family Extras, $4 60Q
4 85, usual terms; Bakers' Kxtras, $4 50@4 60;
Oregon and Washington, 53 0G@4 20 per bbl
for Family and $3 90® 4 40 for Bakers'.
MILLSTUFFS — Prices in packages are as
follows: Graham Flour, $3 23 per 100 lbs; Ilye
Flour, $3 23; Rye Meal, $3; Kice Flour, *7:
Corn Meal, $a 23; extra cream do, $4; Oat
Groats, $4 50: Hominy. $lif4 25; Buckwheat
Flour, $4 50@4 75; Cracked Wheat, $3 75: Fa
rina, $4 50; Whole Wheat Flour. $3 50; Rolled
Oats, bbls, $7 25ig8 00; in sacks, $0 75@8 10;
Pearl Barley, $6; Split Peas, boxes, $7; Green
Peas, ?.*» 50 per 100 lbs.
Flw.r and Millstuffs.
. Linda Vista Oil Company has levied assess
ment No. 3 of 2c per share, delinquent No
vember 14.
At the office of the Contra Costa Water Com.
pany It Is stated that owing to the fact that
only a small portion of the II. 000,000 In bonds
issued recentiy had been dlsnoeed of it was
thought best to pass the regular dividend this
month. It is expected that the December div
idend will be paid.
The Pacific Surety Company has declared a
quarterly dividend at the rate of 6 per cent
per annum, payable immediately.
The Daly West Mining Company of Utah
has declared a regular monthly dividend of
65 cents per share, payable October 15.
Kern Canyon Oil Company has levied as
sessment No. 7 of 2Vic per share, delinquent
October 14.
The California Fruit Canners' Association
will pay a regrular monthly dividend of CO
cents per share October 20.
There was some activity in bonds on the
afternoon session of the Bond Exchange, but
otherwise business was quiet. Pacific Light
ing was higher at $53 50 and Hawaiian Com
mercial lower at $13. In the oil stocks Ster
ling advanced from $2 SO to $2 05, but the
other stocks were quiet.
The California-street Cable Railroad Com
pany paid a regular monthly dividend of 73
cents yesterday.
The following- are the seasonal rainfall* to
date as compared with those of the same date
last season anj the raisfall in the last twenty
four hours:
! r : | U t\ <i !
STATIONS. - f^ Z
n " k T -.,.::„ m ss nw Cloudy .00
C*r»on 30.<K) 74 HO E Clear .00
Kureka 52
Farallon 23. *6 7" M NW near* .<'<)
"r-sno 1^.74 m 54 SW Clesr .00
Flagstaff C9.n«. 70 2S NW Clear .00
•Independence .2».Sirt S2 54 SE Clear .c0
L.* Angele*..29.SC SI 5S W Clear .tti
Mt. Tamalt>ai»2<».«i2 7»i 70 N Clear .<¦/>
North Head... W. 21 <;4 40 N Clear .O0
Phoenix 2O.7S RS SS w Clear .«>
Pocatello 30.12 fi2 34 EW Clear .00
Portland '-ift.20 68 44 NE .00
Pt. Reyes 29. *2 74 54 NW Clear .00
Red Bluff Tj. 89 IX) 56 N Clear .Oi)
Rostburg 30.06 *A 44 NW Clear .00
Sacramento ..2&.*4 *6 80 NW Clear .00
K*Jt Lake 30. (16 «4 42 NW Clear .00
San Francisco. 20. S6 M 5s w Clear .0«>
S. L. Obispo. .2S.KO K«> 5« N Clear .00
san r>iego 23. )«..<» fiS 5S SW Oiear .<O
Sea.ttle 30.:;* 56 44 NW Clear .00
Spokane 3O..14 «50 44 NW Ooudy .«»
Tatoofh 30.26 54 4S E Cloudy .00
"WV.la Wa'.:a..?.0.;{6 *T2 42 SW Clear .</>
Winnemucca .30 10 72 34 N «1e»r .CO
Y"n:a 2».76 96 54 SW Clear .*A»
CHICAGO. Oct. 14. — There was a general dis
position manifested among wheat traders to sell
out long lines and with an absence of any
news that might be construed as of a bullion
character the market developed a weak under
tone. Opening prices were easier on rather
Indifferent cables, favorable weather for the
movement and larger receipts. December being
'«@V«c lower at 79 t i,@79V4c. Trading was dull
in the early part of, the session and prices fluc
tuated within a narrow range. The tendency
w&s toward a lower level, though. Influenced by
the smaller demand for cash and lower prices
in Minneapolis. Later a fair rally occurred on
buying by traders who had sold short early,
which sent December up gradually to 79V4c. A
slight rally at Minneapolis and a stronger mar
ket at St. Louis were causes for the covering.
During the last hour of the session there was
selling on the advance credited to a prominent
bull operator and with an absence of support
the market again weakened. Closing prices
were near the bottom, with December V$c lower
at 78 T ,iC. after touching 7S*;e78%c.
Corn got a firm start under the Influence
imparted from yesterday's shipping business
and on higher cables and on much smaller re
ceipts than had been estimated. There was a
fair demand from locals early in the day, and
with light offerings the market developed addi
tional strength, helped to some extent by the
small offerings from the country. The late
weakness in wheat affected corn and the close
was only a trifle higher than yesterday, De
cember being up 'ic at 35=4c, after selling be
tween 45 1 -i4i45iic.
Trading in oats was of moderate proportions
and prices held about steady. Buying waj
mainly by one or two commission houses and
local shorts, while the selling was scattered.
The firmness in corn and light offerings were
early bull factors, but later the market eased
off with other grains. After selling between
37Viii37iic, December closed He lower at 37Uc
An improved cash demand with better prices
for hegs at the yards caused firmness In pro
visions early In the day. but aside from some
buying for foreign accounts the demand was
limited and as the session advanced the market
became easier. Selling by packers was a weak
ening influence late in the day. The close was
steady, with January pork and lard each 2 Vic
lov.-er. while ribs were down 2V4'85c.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Chicago Grain Market.
THE COAST RECORD.
Weather Report.
f!2Oth Meridian— Pacific Tiroe.)
EAN FRANCISCO. Oct. 14—5 r- ra.
Den A Rio G.... 20 IN Y Central 120
Do pfd 65 Norfolk & West.. BS*C
Erie 2-8 Do rM 00'
Do 1st pfd «7»-i Ont A Western.. 2OH
Do 2nd pfd .... 4RV4 ! Pennsylvania 60U
Illinois Central ..132 Rand Mines 8»4
Louis A Nash 100V4 Reading 23» 4
Mo Kan A Texas. 17 Do 1st pfd 3» "
Consols for money S8H Do 2nd pfd 32
Con for aort... $8 9-16 1 Southern Ry 17^,
Anaconda 3%t Do pfd 73Vi
Atchison 65*g I Southern Pacific. 41 »i
Do pfd 90Vi Union Pacific 71T4
Bait A Ohio 73% Do cfd 87
Can Pacific 120«, U S Steel 13S
Ches A Ohio 30»i Do rfd 6OV4
Cnl Gt Western.. 15 Wabagh 18.
Chi M & Et Paul. 140 Do rfd ..SO
DeBeer* 19*4
Ear eilver, firm. 2S l-16d per ounce.
Adams Con 10 Little Chief 05
Alice 14 Ontario 4 75
Hreece jr) Ophlr 140
Brunswick Con.. <H Phoenix <offd»... C7
«"om«ork Tunnel fitfi., potoel *»i
Con <*al A Va. ..1 20 Savage 30
Horn Silver 1 <io Flerra Nevada.".' 22
Iron Silver 1 CO Small Hopes 20
Leadvlile Con .. 02 Standard 2 00
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money— I Mining—
<"a!I loan* 4Jrl«^ | Adventure .».
Time !o«rs 5^6 Alloues ."....'.'.".'.I 41;
Bends— Amalgamated .".".' .Wn
Atchi»on it 9.S Daly West 3s "i
Mex Cent 4« tX |Btngham ... «oi>
Railroad?— |«-alum#t A Hecla'.4K '
Atchison f *! 1 * ]Centennlal . 14s:
Do prefd .. !»«?i;Copper Rang*.!"' 44
Boston A Albany.24« ;Domlnion Coal «0U
Boston L 136 Franklin .. "" 7
N Y N TI & H..10:, Isle Royal. r U
Fltehburg pfd ..134C Mohawk . ..'...." 35
Union Pariflc ... 6St»;Old Dominion "" \i
M'xlcan Cent ... O 3^ O»c*ola ".* 51
Miscellaneous — Parrot .".*" m
Amer Sugar pfd. ll«Vi IQuincy * 85
Amer Tel A Tel.121 'Santa F« Copper 11:
Dom Iron A S.. 7% JTamarack 7-,
Gen Electric 142 (Trinity ' 51;
Maw Elec 1» lUnlted States ..'.. kji*
Do prefd 77'j Utah "»4
United Fruit 84 Victoria %xi
U S Steel ... 12*i Wlnona «jvi
Do prefd 57Vi Wolverine C2H
Westingh Com.... 65
LONDON CLOSING STOCKS.
U S ref 2s. reg...lO6J».lC F A I con 5«... «»Vi
Do coupon 10H% |L A N unified 4s 98
Do as. reg 107 --Mexican Cen 4s.. 70
Do coupon lCSVtl po 1st Income.. 14
Do new 4s, reg.133 Minn & St L 4s.. ft»;>^
Do coupon 135 M K A T 4s BTU
t'o old 4s. reg..H0»4 Do 2ds 75!i
Do coupon 110'j N Y Central lsts..u..
Do 5e. reg 102 H IN Y Cen gen 3«^s 07^,
t.-o ecupen 102Vs.'N J Cen gen 5s..l2!>^i
Atohifcon gen 4s.. ft.* jNorthern Pac 4s.lO0*H
Do adjst 4s 00 Do 3s 70U
Bait & Ohio 4s.. BO^jNoc A W con 4s.. 73
Do 34« 93 Reading gen 4s... fl5<i
Cent of Ga 5s 104U !«tL A I M con Se.lOVMi
Do 1st Income.. «7 tH L A S F 4s... MS
fhes & Ohio 4V.s.l01% St L SW lsts O-U
<"hi A Alton S^s 71 '« '.Southern Pac 4» W.I
*\ n 4- Q new 4s. 92-4:South»m Ry 5«..112
C Miirt P gen 4«.10«4iTex A Pac lsts.. 115
C it. NW con "s.rtl'iiTcl. Bt L & W 4e CS
C R 1 A P 4s "O'sii Union Pacific 4s. 100=4
• ' C CftStL Ren 4s 95m Do conv 4s &3tZ
• •hi Term 4s .... T.i^ "Waba^h 1Mb H41,
••olo Sc So 4* K2 Do deb B .V's;
U *r R <J 4« m iff * L E 4f R.-,^
Eli* prior lien 4s M5% Wisconsin Cen 4s *3
Uo iteneral 4s.. S2?!i! Manhattan lOO'l
Fi W & D C let. 103 » t I Pennsylvania 95'«
Hacking Vtl 4U«i04^!U S Steel «J»i,
new Turk mining stocks.
NEW TORK BONDS
Colo South 2d pfd. 700 13 l^*i 1*?4
Del & Hudson 160
I I*ri La** & West.. 100 23l»4 23I»i 231»i
Denver & Rio G... 4«0 1?»* lSVs l«Vi
Denver A R G pfd. 400 W>^ «6 65
Erie 12.700 27^ 2«Ti 26*i
Er!* 1st pfd 700 C8 «.*» <&\
Erie 2r.4 pM 4(Jrt 47% 47>i 47*! 8
I Great Northern pfd 155
Hocking Valley 65
Hocking Val pfd... 100 77 H 77 H 74
Illinois Central l.300.l20Vs l-S?* 12*U
Iowa Central 1"^
Iowa «>ntnU r>fd.. 100 S2\i 32)4 :UV»
K C Southern IS
K C Southern pfd . . ¦ 30*4
I^-uis & Na*h 1,700 flTVi i>'>Va Wn
Manhattan L 1.600 130Vj 130 130
Metropolitan St Ry 2.800 103% 102»i lOT'i
Minn A St Louis 40
r Missouri Pacific ... 4.50") fcSVs S7V* NT'.i
Mo Kan 4 Texas l« l *
Mo Kan & Tex pfd. BOO 34^, 3o>j 33U
N R R of Mex pfd. 100 S8 "* "8
N Y Central 3,300 11614 115H 115^
Norfolk & Western l.WH) F7 .*>«Vi M14
Norf & West pfd.. 10<> SS SS8 8S
Ontario & Western 600 201* l»»i 19%
Pennsylvania 13.800 117T a H"!* 117V*
Pitts C C & St L 55
Reading 25.100 464 4j 4oVa
Reading 1st pfd <«
Reading 2d pfd.... 400 64 63J4 60
Rock Island Co. ... 5.41-0 24«, 2.iV, 2..^
Rock Island Co pfd. 300 5S'i 6S 5SVs
I .St Louis & S F 52
1 St L A S F 1st pfd t( J
I St L & S F 2d rfd. 200 44H 44V4 44
St Louis S W 700 13S 13 W%
St Louis S W pfd. 300 305-i 30 :W
Et Paul 13.100 130H IZ4% 135
1 St Paul pfd 17 °
! Southern Pacific . . 5.^00 40^ 39 30
I Southern Railway.. 3.9C0 17V4 lf'% 16%
I Southern Ry pM-. 2,400 71 N, 70V« "Ot,
i Teia, & Picitic... 4"O 22*4 22 21>-,
Tel St L A West. 200 165j, 16% ltiVi
' Tol St L A W pfd. 2<>0 " 24-S 24 2.3V,
rr.ion Pacific 20.000 70»4 GS% 63Ti
Union Pacific pfd.. 200 £4 SI 84
Wabash 300 17 :6% 16^
Wabash pfd 1.400 29'«i 20 20 Vi
w & Lake Erie ... 100 13ii 13tf 13>i
Wisconsin Central. l.**0O 15*4 14*, 14^,
TYis Central 700 S5i« 34 34
Exoress CcTfji>anies —
Adams *r«
American 1|5
United States 200 100 100 100
Wel'.s-Fargr, . # 2<>0
Miscellaneous —
Arr.al Copper 96.200 36Si 33% 34» 8
Am Car & Foundry 4.H00 21*4 1«^ 19
Am Oar & F pfd.. -.100 66 61 U 61 *;
Am Linseed Oil... 500 10 10 3
Am L;r.w?ed Oil pfd 25
Am Locomctfve ...( 1.000 12 llVi 11^
Am I>oco pfd X7«iO 70Vi 70 70
Am fm & Ret.:... ' 118 45 40*, 20^
Am Sn 4- Kef pfd. 1.645 86»^ S4^ 85
Am Sugar Ref 5.»oo 11CH KSVs 1CS4
Ar^ccnda Min Co. 270 63*» «3 62»4
Bnioklyn Rap Trn. 5.795 32% 31 H 31 Vi
Colo Fuel fc Iron.. 1.610 29V, 28 U 27
Col A Hock Coal 10
Con Gas 2-Vi 171 Vi 17C«i 1701^
G«n Electric ***> 143 141 U 141
Ir.t Paper W0 10'i 104 10Vi
Int Paper pf d S50 C0»-i GO'i 60
Im Pump 31
Int Pump pfd C5
National Biscuit .. 900 35>i 34 34%
National Lead 12'
North American . . 200 70 70 70
Pacific Mail 1*'^
Peoples Gas 515 90% 90 f$%
Pre-sed Ste«l Car.. 2.410 30 20 28%
Prei>sfd St Car pfd. 410 70*i 70 69
Pullman Pal Car.. 136 2C8 209 2Ci»
Republic .Steel 500 7"^ 74 7Vi
Republic Steel pfd. 2.2OO 56Vi 54 «j 54 U
Rubber Goods 1.400 14'« 13»« 1X\
Rubber Goo<bi pfd C7>-i
Tcnn Coal & Iron.. 2.550 27 s ; 2<!V-i 2*:S
O S leather <C£0 CH 6»4 6%
U S Leather pfd . . 2.500 75>4 13^4 73%
V S Rubber 100 8 8 S
V S Rubber pfd 34
V 8 Steel 37.01.'. 13% 12% 12»i
O S Steel pfd 47.95O 5H-.n 8T% 5«iVi
Western Union 1.010 Sl% SOVi 80^4
Total soles 400,600
L'NITKD RAILROADS OF SAN FRANCISCO.
NEW YORK. Oct. 14.— United Railroads of
San Krar.clseo bor.d transactions — 2000 at
J76 75: 5W at $76 S7Vs-
FOR WEDNESDAY. OCTOBER 14.
Flour, qr sks... 20.47? Flax, eka 572
Wheat, ctls LOST Veed. sks 44
Barley, ctls 4.5*0 Tallow, ctls ... 258
Oats, rtla 45 Pfflts. number.. 235
Corn (East), ctls BOO Hides, number. 1*5
Beans, cks 15.404 Raisins, boxes.. 2.100
Potatoes, sks... .3.010 'Quicksilver, flsk 114
Onions, eks .... l,040!Leather, rolls.. 5.S
Wool, bales ... 2oS Wine, gala .... TO.*""
Bran, sks S7' [Sugar, ctls 550
Middlings, eks . 2iO|Paper. reams... ti.15
Hay. tons 277 1 Lime, bbls .... 317
Hops, bales 22fiiPowder. car 1
WASHINGTON.
Flour, qr sks .. 13,514 Hops, ctls 120
Wheat, ctls 11,023 Groats, sks ltf>
Barley, ctls 430 Flajtseei. sks... 1.103
Oats, ctls 2,34 1 Rolled Oats, sks 49
HONOLULU.
Wool, bales ... 277
Receipts of Produce.
MELONS — Cantaloupes, $1@1 50 per crate:
Nutmeg Melons, 50SS5c per box; Watermelons,
53120c each.
CITRUS FRUITS — Oranges. $2 50@2 75 for
fancy Valencias. $262 25 for choice and $lfP
1 ."50 for standard; Lemons. ?1S."J per box;
Grape Fruit. $1 50«i2 50; Mexican Limes, $4«#
4 50; Bananas. $14fl 75 per bunch for Ha
waiian and *:.' 75S3 50 for Central American;
Pineapples, $202 50 rer dozen.
QUINCES — 50<Q€0c per box.
KIGS — 35fc5t>c for drawers. $1@1 50 for dou
ble layer boxes and $1 30S2 for larga boxes
from the river.
PEACHES— Nominal.
- POMEGRANATES— 50@75c for small boxes
aid $1 25@2 for large.
GRAPEii — Isabella. 606 «5c oer crate; Cornl
chon. 60c per crate; other varieties, 350
40c for small boxes. 50<3tiCc for crates and
75c(ftfl 25 for large ooen boxes; Wine Grapes,
$lSfi22 p«r ton fcr Zinfandel, $15@18 for Mis
sion" and $12f?15 for White and Tokay.
PEARS — Baiiletts, $1©1 25; winter varit
tles, 4Ci?t75c per box for common and $161 23
for Winter Nellis.
STRAWBERRIES — Longworths. $5<38 per
chest; large berries. $2^3 for Malindas and
$4&& for the other varieties.
RASPBERRIES — $l@0.
HUCKLEBERRIES— Nominal.
CRANBERRIES— Cape Cod, $8 50Q9 50 per
bbl; Coos Bay. $-• 6C®3 per box.
APPLES— $161 25 per box for fancy. 50@
S5c for good to choice and 25®40c for com
mon.
Changes in Citrus and Tropical fruits wer»
Might. Ripe Bananas were still scarce and
continued to bring good prices. The steamer
Alameda brought up about 2500 bunches oi
green stock.
The fruit market was liberally supplied with
Apples and Grapes, but receipts of all other
kinds were light. The local demand was light
and confined to a few descriptions and aside
from a fair Inquiry for fine Apples for shipment
to Honolulu there was not much doing In the
shipping line. Ths top quotation for Apples
was obtained only for occasional lots of Splti
enberg or the King variety. ?1 being an ex
treme figure ior all other varieties. Grape* In
crates were offering freely and were easy owing
to the lack of demand for shipping. Receipts
of large open boxes were suddenly large and
rtock had to be strictly fancy to bring the top
quotation, which was obtained only for the
Muscat variety. Tckay and Black sold 'from
75c to 00c per tf)x. There /ifw a good demand
for Nutmeg Melons and prices ranged higher.
Fine large Watermelons, too, were higher, but
th» market was overloaded with poor stock.
which could not be sold at any figure. There
were no Peaches received. The season for that
fruit Is practically over. Flira were in fre»
supply and moved slowly, the previous high
prices having checked the demand. The other
orchard fruits stood as previously quoted.
Raspberries and Strawberries were in limited
supply during the early trade and prices were
firmer. The bulk of tho day's receipts did not
com« to hand until a late hour and had to be
held over 'for to-day's market. The market
was bare of Huckleberries.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
WHEAT — The foreign markets remain about
the Fame.
Chicago was> some fractions lower. The do
mestic situation was firm on the whole, but
cables were disappointing.
In this market futures were higher, but the
cash grain showed no material change.
CASH WHEAT.
California Club, ?l 4CXgl 45; California
White Australian. $1 50-Jfl 55; Northern Club.
$1 40@l 42U; Northern Blue Stem, $1 50^1 65;
Oregon Valley, $1 40<gl 45 per ctl.
FUTURES.
Session 9 to 11:30 a. m.
Open. High- Low. Clos<*.
December $ 40 $1 41«4 $1 HO $1 40%
May 1 11 1 41V* $1 40VS 1 40Vi
2 p. m. Session.
Dscemb^r— $1 40V,.
BARLEY — Both cash grain and futures con
tinued firm, with a good demand" for Feed.
CASH BARLET.
Feed. $1 15© 1 lBVi: Shipping and Brewing.
$1 20@l 25; Chevalier, $1 20@l 45 for. fair to
choice.
Session 9 to 11 :30 a. m.
Op^n. High. Low. Close.
December $t 13% $1 13% $1 13«i $1 13%
'i p. m. Session.
December — $1 13.
OATS — Steady and unchanged at previous
prices.
White, $1 20@l 32 Vi; Black, $1 40#l 60:
Red, $1 2C@l 25 for feed and $1 20S1 36 for
seed: Gray, $1 22Va@l -TVi per ctl.
CORN— Prices show no further decline, but
the market is dull and easy.
Western, sacked, $1 40 for Yellow, $1 40 for
White and ?l 35 for mixed; California largo
Yellow. $1 35$ 1 45; small round do, $1 7t>«r.
1 75: White. $1 :J5<§1 45 per ctl.
RYE— $1 25© 1 30 per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— $2 2o@2 50 per ctl.
Wheat and Other Grants.
The steamer Sierra, due here October 19.
brings £50.CC0 In sovereign* from Sydney.
Sterling Exchange, sixty days.. — $4 82%
Sterling Exchange, sight ... — 4 Mht
Sterling Exchange, cables — 4 87^
New York Exchange, sight — 0"H
New York Exchange, telegraphic — 10
Silver, per ounce — 6fl^i
Mexican Dollars 47 4S
Exchange and Bullion.
EVAPORATED APPLES— The market was
quiet with futures firm, but spot supply rather
easy at quotations. Common are. quoted at \&
5c; prime. H\j.iI>'.-jc; fancy. 6*iS"c.
PRUNES — Are In good inquiry and a fair
business is reported at quotations ranging from
3V«@7c for all grades.
APRICOTS are firm at 9%@9V5c for choice.
lOSlO^c for extra choice, and ll@12Hc fcr
fancy.
PEACHES — Are quiet but steady; choice are
quoted at 7>-i@7*ic: extra choice. 7%QSl-ic,
and fancy at 9 Vi© 10 Vic
PETROLEUM— Firm
COFFEE— Spot Rio.' firm; Xo. 7 Invoice.
5%c; mild, steady. Futures closed steady at
an advance of 5310 points. Sales were 58,750
bags, including: November 4.80@4.85c; De
cember. B.05c; January, 5.10c; March, 5.30c:
May. 5.45@5.50e; July. 5.60c; September, 5.65
C5-70c.
SUGAR — Raw. firm; refined, steady.
DRIED FRUITS.
NEW TORK, Oct. 13.— FLOUR— Receipts,
23.398 barrels; exports, 14,724 barrels. Fairly
active at old prices.
WHEAT— Receipts. 135.B25 bushels. Spot,
steady. No. 2 red. 84*jc elevator and S5 l io
f. o. b. afloat; No. 1 Northern Duluth. 90% c
f. o. b. afloat; No. 1 hard Manitoba, nominal,
f. o. b. afloat. December wu steady for a
time this morning on coverings, but eventually
followed the depression In May and the heav
iness of outside markets, which was An. part
occasioned by liberal Western receipts, light
export .demand and small clearances. Later
prices rallied on export rumors, but finally
eased off again, closing HS^ic net lower.
May. 8'< 5-ltSS3»ic, closed 83S»c;" December,
S5»-i@S5!4c. eloped S5V$c.
HOPS— Steady.
. HIDES — Steady
WOOL— Firm.
New York Grain and Produce.
IV all-street Stocks show little change.
Continued dullness in local Securities.
Silver a fraction higher. Exchange unchanged.
Rather more tone to the Wheat market.
Barley still firm, with "a good demand for cash grain.
Oats, Corn and Rye as previously quoted.
White Beans firmer under a shipping demand.
Butter ar.d Cheese still in libera I supply.
Fresh ranch Eggs extremely scarce and firm.
Xo further change in Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins.
Provisions about as before, here and in the West.
Tallow weaker. Hides show some slight changes.
Cattle, Sheep and Hogs as previously quoted.
Wool dull. Hops quiet and easy.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables about as before.
Not much variation in fresh Fruits.
Best Granulated Sugar- marked down.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
Msney. Hi31*i p»r cent.
The rate of discount in the open market for
ehort bills is 3^Q3V, per cent; for three
months' bills, 3% per cent.
BAGS — Grain Bags. 5*©3Hc: San Quentin.
5.55c: Wool Bags. 32©35c: Fleece Twine, 7H
®Sc; Cotton Fruit Bags. BHc. «>%e and 7^»c
for the three grades; Brown Jute. U\&8Vric
COAL— Wellington. $S per ton; New
lington, $S- Seattle. $6 50; Bryant, $6 50; Bea
ver Hll 1 .. $5 50; Stanford. $7; Roslyn, $7; Coos
Bay. $5 6f>; Greta, $7: Wallsend. $7: Rich
mond. $" 50; Cumberland. $13 In bulk and
$14 25 in sacks: Welch Anthracite Egg. $13;
Welsh Lump. $11 60; Cancel. $S 50 per ton:
Coke. $11 50@13 per ton In bulk and $15 in
sacks: Rocky Mountain descriptions. $S 45 per
2CO0 lbs and $S ISO per ton. according to brand.-
OIL — Unseed. 49c for boiled and 47c for raw
In barrels: cases, oc more; Castor Oil. in cases.
No. 1. 70c; Bakers' AA. $1 10«rl 12: Lucol. 4*c
for boiled and 42c for raw in barrels; Lard Oil.
extra winter strained, barrels. S5c; case«. 90c;
China Nut. 55070c per gallon: pure Neatsfoot.
in«t>arr*!s, 75c: cases. £0c; Sperm, pare. 75c:
WVUe Oil. natural white. 50©-55c per gallon;
Fish Oil. In barrels. 45c; cases, 50c; Cocoanut
Oil, in barrels. 58c for Ceylon and 55c for Aus
tralian.
COAX. OIL— Water White Coal Oil in bulk.
l*Hc; Pearl Oil in cases, 21c: Astral. 21e;
Star. 21c: Extra Star, 25c; Elaine, 27c; Eocene,
24c; deodorized Stove Gasoline. . In bulk. 17c;
in cases. 23Hc: Benzine. In bulk. 13c; in rasea.
19He; .«6-degree Gasoline, in bulk. 21c; in
cases. 27VJC.
TURPENTINE — 80c per gallon in cases and
74c in drums and iron barrels.
RED AND WHITE LEAD— Red Lead. 64«
7c per lb; White Lead, 6^®7c. according to
quantity.
SUGAR — Beet Granulated Is 5c lower. The
Western Sugar Refining' Company quotes
as follows. p«r Ib. fn ICO-lb bags:
Cubes. A Crushed and Ffne Crushed. B.85c;
Powdered, 5.70c; Candy Granulated. 5.70c; Dry
Granulated, fine. 5.60c; Dry Granulated, coarse.
B.60c: Fruit Granulated. 5.60c; Beet Granu
lated flOO-lb bags only). R.4Oc: Confectioners'
A. 5.60c; Magnolia A. 5.20c: Extra C. 0.10c;
Golden C. 5c; "D." 4.90c: barrels, 10c more;
half barrels. 25c more; boxes. BCc more; 50-lb
bags. 10c more for all kinds. Tablets^ — Half
barrels. 6.10c: boxes. 6.25c per lb. No orders
taken fcr less than eeventy-flve barrels or Its
equivalent.
General Merchandise.
Boara. 50 oer cent off, and Stags, 40 per cent
off from above Quotations.
WEDNESDAY. Oct. 14—4 P- m. !
Bid. Ask.' BMAsk.
Alpha O» CO'JuHa - *T f»
Alt* 04 f*' Justice 05 O«
Andes 23 25 Kentack 01 IC
Belcher 15 16 Keyes Graesr.l «> —
Best & Belch.l 40 1 60 Mexican 1 W> 1 J»
Bullion 10 11 Occidental ... 25 27
Caledonia.... P2 95 Ophlr 1 BO 1 £J
rhallenge Con SO 3t, Overman V> --
rhollar 24 28 P/vtost » 2i
I'onfidence ... 70 75 5«vage 2T T*
Con C A Va.l ."W 1 35, Scorpion « **
Con Imperial. 03 04 Seg Belcher.. 05 07
Con N* T 12 HjSlerra Nev .. N> 51
«^own Point. IS 20 Silver Hill .. B* 5.
Eureka Con... — SO.St I-ouU .... 11 —
Exchequer... IT 19 Syndicate .... 04 W
i-^uM It. Cur IS 13. Union Con .. «2 «•
Hale & Norcs. JW 50 T'tah 2« 2t
Lady Wash. . . C*. 04 TeUoir Jacket 43 4*
TONOPA1I MINES.
Bid. Ask. I . Bid. Ask.
Colehan — 10 Ton Belmont.1 00 1 .V»
Esperama ... 01 f^, Ton i Cal... —.2*
MacNamara . 14 15 Ton of Nev.. — 8 CO
Mont Ton 92 1 0O f Ton N Star.. 82 ..V
N Y Ton — C5 Ton Midway.. — 4.1
Paymaster .. — 1:5; Ton A S Lai* — 4<»
Pine Grove... — 99 .United Ton... — 1*
Rescue — C8 1
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
Board — .,
joo junction Oil JJ
9C-O Junction Oil ••• «»
5000 Independence Oil »»
300 Occidental I?
100 Sterling Oil - ~*
400 Sterling Oil xS
MO Sterling Oil * >£
ICO Sterling Oil * "•
Afternoon Session.
Board — __
200 Oil City Petroleum w
OFFICIAL SALES.
Morning Session.
Senator 69 TO
Sovereign 40 .....
Sterling 2 80
Superior W W
Thirty-three 8 to
Toltec 21
Twenty-eight 4 00
West Shore '2 80 3 25
Miscellaneous —
Abby Land & Improvement.. 1 50 1 6S
Al&meda Sugar 29 PO
American Biscuit 88 CO 85 <»
American District Tel .....
Cal Gas & Electric Corp
California Cotton MUla 8S 00 95 CO
California Jockey Club 103*1
California Shipping Co 25 00
Cal Title In» 4 Trust 130 0O 140 CO
Central Bank of Oakland... 60 Oft
Chutes Company 825 .....
Cjprtfj Lawn Imp Co « SO 7 25
Fischer's Theater 2 2.% 2 75
Gas Consumers" Association 22 5O
Honolulu Sugar 15 PO .....
Northern Cal Powder » Ort 9 BO
North Shore Railroad OOO
Orpheum Company 15 25 ••-r-
Paciflc States Tel & Tel 115 0ft
Parafflne Paint 33 0O .....
Fan Francisco Drydnek 47 0O . ....
Sanitary Reduction Works... 2 00 .....
Saasallto Land A Ferry 1*00
Spcrry Flour Company 27 50 •••"
Standard Electric 15 2?
Tesla Coal Co &> OO
Trucked Electric 13 25
rnion Sugar 22 fto
Tnlted Gas & Electric 34 SO •••••
Butter and Cheese remain about as be/or*.
The hot weather is against Butter, and some
d»aler9 are giving concessions from the quo
tations. Stocks are large, but unevenly dis
tributed, some dealers being heavily oversup
plled, while others have Just enough to satisfy
their regular trade. Cheese continues quiet.
Receipt* were 20,600 lbs Butter, 613 cases
Eggs and 5000 lbs Cheese.
BUTTER— Creamer}-, 2~32Sc for extras and
26c for seconds: dairy. 21@24c; store Butter
17Vi@l!>c; cold storage. 24g25c; Eastern 2"3
24c per !b.
CHEESE — 12V£c for good flats. 13@13U C for
choice mild new and Ilfjl2c for lower grades
Young America. 13i4trl4c; Eastern, 15'-3>
lCVic: Western. 14J?15c rer Ib.
EGGS — Ranch, 45@47Vic, with sales even
higher, as mentioned above; store, nominal
cold storage, 2C@28c; Eastern, 21t?2Sc per
dozen.
acute. There are practically none here. The
few that arrive are snapped up on arrival.
Sales to restaurants and other retail buyers
are beta? made up to 50c per dozen and the
purchasers are glad to get them at that. For
tunately there are plenty of Eastern and cold
storage obtainable, or the town -would have an
Egg famine.
8350. Natives, $4©5 25: cows and heifers,
$1 5004 65; etockers and feeders. $2 75®4 15.
HOGS— Receipts, 3410; steady to strong.
Light, $5 60*98 55; medium and heavy. $5 25@
5 70. *
SHEEP— Receipts, 1200; steady. Lambs,
$5 50. . .
Northern Business.
SEATTLE. Oct. 14. — Clearings, $853,162; bal
ances, S243.S43.
PORTLAND. Oct. 14.— Clearings, $527,372:
balances. *S0.51S.
TACOMA, Oct. ll.-rClearinrs, $325,138; bal
ances, $33,628. _
SPOKANE. Oct. 14.— Clearings, $500,003;
balances. $43.0*2.
LOCAL MARKETS.
THE SAN FEANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, OCTOBER 15, 1903.
STOCK MARKET.
Continued on Page Thirteen.
The scarcity in ranch Eggs ' is becoming
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
CHICAGO.
CHICAGO. Oct. 14.— CATTLE— Receipt*. 24.
000. Including 700 Texan*. 4500 Westerns:
steady to 10c lover. Good to prime steers. $5 10
gS 6ft; poor to medium. $3 50®3 75: stockers
and feeder*. $2 25^4 15: cow«. $1 40#4 50:
heifers. «2g5: canners. $1 40®2 00; bulls, $2«i>
4 25: calves. $2 23fl7 35: Teias fed steers, $2 75
$|3 75: Western steers, $3<g3 49. '
HOGS— Receipt* to-day. 14,000; to-morrow,
70,000; 10igl5c higher. Mixed and butchers.
$5 453* 20; good to choice, heavy. $3 55^6 10;
rough heavy. $5^5 50; light, *5 40®6 10; bulk
of sales. $3 40@5 S5.
SHEEP — Receipts. 25.000; eheep - and lambs
steady. Good to choice wethers. $3 3O@4 2.">;
fair to choice mixed. (2£3: Western sheep.
$2 25<g4 75: native lambs, $3 50^6; Western
Umbs. $463 15. „ ¦
ST. JOSEPH.
ST. JOSEPH. Oct. 11.— CATTLE— Receipt*.
Eastern Livestock Market.
Oil Stocks— Bid. Asked
Alma 1 -It)
Apollo 40 .....
Associated Tnist Cert li> a>
Azt»e 90
California Standard 11 12
Caribou -. 1 00 I 10
Central Point Con W
Chicago Crude 21 .....
Claremont • 25 . ¦ 35
Esperanza -1 40
Four -'. «S 70
Fulton 3 23
Giant •• 20
•Hanfcrd 130 00 140 n)
Home. : 95 100
Imperial IS <*>
Independence 1* jj>
Junction .....' i!)
Kern son
Kern River 10 <v» 13 (*»
Don • 03 04
Monarch of Arizona „. 52
Monte Cristo 73 so
Occidental of W Va 17 2ft
Oil City Petroleum 2S 30
Peerless . 13 lift 13 73
Pittsburg 25
Reed Crude •.;.... 41 . 45
R F & McKittrlck 2 75
San Jcaquln O <£ D M'> . .....
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
11
ADVERTISEMENTS.
UTAH
ALFALFA
NEW CROP SEED READY
OCTOBER 20th. ORDERS
BOOKED FOR IMMEDIATE
SHIPMENT ON ARRIVAL.
TRUMBULL & BE5BE
' 419-421 Sansome St.
SAN FRASCISCO, CAJUTHE SAN FKANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, OCTOBER 15. iyU3.
12
HELP WAKTED — FEMALE— Coa.
ASSISTANT cutters wanted for knit ~ goods.
GANTNER-MATTERN CO., 607 Grove at.,
corner Laguna. %
SERVING MACHINE OPERATORS AND RIV-
ETERS: NO EXPERIENCE NECESSARY:
PAID SALARY. LEVI STRAUSS & CO.'S
FACTORIES 32hi FREMONT ST. AND 1873
MISSION. NEAR FIFTEENTH.
A — Girls to l?arn millinery now for fall season:
both seasons taught from start to finish In 1
month for $10; positions as trimmers, sales-
ladies, etc., guaranteed at $10 per week up;
day and evening class. 143 Stockton St.. r. 13.
A GOOD vest operator wanted; only thoso who
are first-class need apply; a steady position
is guaranteed, with union hours and union
wages. Apply R. THOMAS, foreman vest
department. S. N. WOOD & CO.'S factory,
"7, Geary st.
WANTED — Two girls; one for general house-
work, wages J25; one for waitress, light
work and sewing; must be experienced; ref-
erences required; wages $30. Inquire morn-
ings at 1403 Jackson St., corner Nineteenth,
Oakland. •.•"---- '__
LADIES wanted everywhere, copying letters at
home, evenings or spare time, and return to
us; ro malllnc or canvassing: $9 weekly
earned; materials freo. Enclose self-ad-
dressed envelope for particulars. Guarantee
Co., No. W. 4 Ninth Bt., Philadelphia, Pa.
WANTED — Young orphan girl not over 15
years old to assist in light housework in
very good home- wages from $8 to $10
a month. Call at 1211 Stevenson st., between
Hermann and Brady.
CASHIER for first-class restaurant; must have
experience; good pay; no fee; apply 0 a. m.
to 12 m. Restaurant Keepers' Association, 6
Eddy st.. room 40. ,
WANTED — R- fined young woman as companion
for lady; one who understands music; also
good penman and assist In light 'housework;
reference required. Call at 418 Montgomery.
WANTED — Young woman who Is an experi-
enced dry goods wrapper. Apply between 9
nnd 11 a. m. at HALE BROS.' \
GIRL for housework: must be good cook:
wages $20; 2 In family; call Thursday and
Friday forenoons. 1S20 Lyon st^
EXPERIENCED millinery saleslady; state San
Francisco experience; salary expected. Ad-
dress box 348C. Call office.
WOMAN not too young and familiar with
business methods for position of trust; no
office work. Box 3491. Call office^
A NEAT German or Swede girl; must be good
cook; light washing; wages $30 to $35. 1180
OFarrell wt. - .. . . ¦
A LADY of indomitable energy to make money
nnd a convincing talker. F. PERSON, 477
and 479 Parrott building^
FINISHERS nnd alteration hands on ladles'
Milts. US) Stockton st.
BRIGHT." refined girl for office; small salary,
board and washing. Box 3-1S5, Call offlce.
GIRLS wanted to wrap chewing gum. New-
ton Gum Co.. corner Second and Folsom ats.
GIRL to do second work. 1230 Post st.
APPRENTICE on custom coats; nald while
learning. 927 Market St., room 721.
FIRST-CLASS alteration hand en jackets.
Vogue Cloak and Fur Co., 217 Grant ave.
YOUNG girl to assist In housework In fam-
ily of 2 and baby. 1750 Ellis «^t.
A GIRL for general housework and cooking;
wages ?25. Call at 2U04 California st.
WANTED — Body Ironer; good wages. Central
Linen Supply Co., Eighteenth and Shotwell.
WANTED — A good cook. 1720 Sacramento st.
GIRL for light hou«ework and plain cooking.
1382 Masonic ave.; car fare.
WOMAN for store cleaning; half day, $1. Ad-
dress or call 159t Dolores st. . -V"- *
WANTED — Respectable, reliable saleslady for
fine bakery: must have sufficient experience
In same; good salary. Box 708, Call offlce.
FIRST-CLASS button-hole maker on vests;
wages no object. E. LAIVAND, C Eddy St..
room 112. ¦ ~t:-<\i
WANTED — A middle-aged woman to do general '
housework In country. Inquire C22% Hermann
Et., nr. Fillmore. No objection to^one child.
EXPERIENCED hand on dressmRlng; one
who understands flrst-class work; also Im-
prover and on apprentice: paid. 411 Mason.
GLOVEMAKERS — Experienced bandera and
binders; also apprentices; wages. CARSON
GLOVE CO.. 123 Second st.
CIGARETTE mukers wanted; steady worlt and
good wages. The JOHN BOLLMAN CO..
corner Front and Pacific sts.
GIRLS about 13 for factory work: good wages.
Apply tt once. AMES & HARRIS. 100 Sac-
ramento St. <(
GIRLS wonted — Box department Mutuat Label
and Lltho Co.. Second and Bryant sts.:
Bryant-st. entrance.
WOMEN operators on skirts and Jackets. M.
SIMIN'OFF'S. 1228 Market . at.
NEAT young girl for general housework and
cooking; two In family. 100S Broadway.
WANTED— Good Ironer: also two good mangle
girls. French Laundry Co.. 3372 Mission st.
GIRL for general housework and assist In
bakery. 1794 Haicht st.
NEAT girl for cooking and general housework;
references; apply mornings. 1709 Baker st.
WANTED— First-class finishers on coats at
Baron's cloak and suit house. 7112 Market st.
WANTED — C finisher* on coats; also one but-
ton-hole maker. 229 Stevenson at., room 5.
LUNCH waitresses wanted. 015 Valencia st.
SKIRT and coat hands; also- shopper and stock
I Ctrl. MULRONEY. 110 Geary st.
. 2 LADIES of good address to represent a htgh-
i grade magazine. 09 Columbian bldg.. city.
' FIRST-CLASS stenographers furnished. Miss
; M. G. Barrett, instructor. 302 Montgomery.
WANTED— First-class waist, skirt and coat
• hands and errand girl. J. BAER, 1200 Geary.
CLASSIFIED advertisements ana subscription*
received nt Coil branch offlce. 2200 Flllmore.
! A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1098
I Valencia st. / • :
' HELP WAXTEP--MALE.
i W^NT^D^MaiT'ana' wife for "small resort,
clean to city, ?50 to $70: porter and wife,
v email hotel. $C0; cook and helper for fruit
ranch. $C0; coachman and wife, 500. J. I.'
CROKETT & CO.. ">34 .Sutter st.
ELECTRICIAN, $G0 and board; coachman and
wife, $C0 and found; coachman, $35 and
I found; man about place. $25. and found;
.' ranch teamster, . $35 and found; married man
to care for place, $35; offlce boy; bollermak-
erp, $:j C5 day; farmers and wives. $50 and.
$35 and found; -woodchoppcrs, $1 50 and $2
cord, coopers, 9 cents a barrel, and others.
J. F. CROSETT & CO.. «28 Sacramento fet.
COOK and helper, fruit orchard, $C0; restau-
rant second cook, $80; waiter, country/ hotel,
¦ $.!0; walterfor family. $35,- and others. J.
F. CROSETT & CO., t!2S Sacramento st.
A BOY living with parents - for ' position In
store, ?6 week; steady, reliable position.
MRS. . M. E. DAY. 351 O'FarreU ct. ;
A— HOTEL~QAZETTE, 20 Montgomery, r. 12.,
Walter for helDs' ball, $30; bellboy. $30.
SA!f FRANCISCO CALL.
BUEHCESS OFFICE of the San Frandea*
Call, corner Market and Third streets: opea
cnt!: 12 o'clock every nisht In the yean
BRANCH OFFICES — 527 Montgomery street* •
eorr.er Clay; open until 8:30 tv. nv "' , |
COO Hayes etreet: cj>en until 0:30 p. m.
C3-J McAllister etrwt; open until 8:30 p\ m.
CIS Larkin street; oo«>n until 9:38 p* m.
I Ml Mission ctreot; open until 10 p. m.
22C1 Market etre««. corner S^teentb; open-
ertll b c. rn.
106 Eleventh street* open until 9 p. rn,
106C Valencia i*r**t: cpen until 9 p. ta.
Nortfctact ccmor Church and Duncan streets J
cpf-n until II d, in.
Northwest corner ot Twenty»-seooad aad
Krr.tucky ftrects; odtc until 9 p. m.
S2OQ nilnwir open until 9 p. m.
MEBTl-Xli NOTICES. __
MISSION Chapter No. 78, ft. A. M.— »
Stated meeUnc THIS (THURSDAY) W
EVENING, 7:30 o'clock. R. A. De- /VN
crw, Hy order of the li. P.
JXO, R. HILLMAX. Secretary.
LA PARFAITE UNION Lodge No. IT. Q
F. and A. M.— Called meeting *'RI-'V\f
DAY EVENING, October 1^ 1SXW, at/V\
S o'clock. First Itrsree. By onW ot
the W. M. P. ST. JULLIEN. Sec
DORIC Lodge No. 216. F. and A. M.— •
Special meeting THIS (THURSUAT) Vy
»\*£NXNG at 7:S0 o'clock. Tblrd De- /VN
ere*. Master Masons cordially invited.
I'.y order of the Master.
3. R. GOLDSMITH. Secretary.
6TARR KING Lodfe No. 344, F. anil A. e
:&.. 31? Devls&dero St. Third cjr*r« W
THIS EVENING at T:30 o' cloak. Mas- /VN
\-t Mates* cordially Invited. By order
of tie W. M.
A. A. ANDERSON. Secretary.
YERBA BUENA Lodge No. 15, L ....saEHk,
o. O. F.. nieeti TO-NnoilT<£»«fK*.
(THUR&DAT). A g.^-af-tne-^farSHSSg?
order ever.lag; refreshments; vU-
ltors welcome. FKAXK ivKULL, N. G.
C1US. A. WISEWELL. Rec Sec.
TEAMSTERS, ATTENTION— Mem- ytfTftv
t«rs i'l the Brotherhood of T«asi- i£v!arjk
Eters are respectfully requeued to LVr&3
attend t!ieir next regular meeting, W^JrV
which will b« held THURSDAY WiDS
EVENING. October 15, 19JJ, at Machinists'
liall 11M Mission Et. Minuses ol joint con-
vention held In Niagara Kails. X. Y.. t«
curne beiore this meeting.
GEO. W. DILLON. Secretary.
MARINE Engineers' Beneficial Association No.
35— Members are requested to attend the fu-
Gcral of our deceased brother. EDWARD P. I
WOOD. THURSDAY. Oct. 16. from his late |
residence .'¦--: Second St.. at 9 o'clock a. m.
" JAS. U. RAPHAEL. President. j
EDWARD liltADY, Secretary. |
NOTICE oi meeting of stockholders — Offlce of j
Spring Valley Water Company, roon. 3. sixth
floor, 12t» Stockton street, San Francisco, j
Cal.. September 15, 1903 — To the stock- I
holders of the Spring Valley Witter Com- j
j'ur.y: Notice is hereby £iven that, pur- i
fuar.t to a resolution of the Board cf Direct- j
ors of the Spring Valley Water Company, a i
corporation, unanimously adopted on the 15th
day cf September. l'.llW, at a meeting of [
eaid board, duly called and held at the
offlce of said company in the city acd county
of San Francisco. State of California, a.
meeting of the stockholders of «ald corpora-
tion will be held at the offlce and principal i
place of business of said corporation, to-
wst, in room three, sixth floor, in the build-
Ing on the southeast corner of Geary and
Stockton streeu, in the city and county of I
San Francisco. State of California, known i
as No. 12(5 Stockton street, s*id building ,
being the building where the Board of Di-
rectors of said corporation usually meets.
and said room beine the room in said build-
Ing where the directors and stockholders of
raid corporation usually meet, on Monday,
the 23d day of November. 1903, at 2 o'clock
p. m., for the object and purpose of then
and there considering and voting upon a
propoc&l to create a bended indebtedness of
raid Sprfnff Valley Water Company In the
rum of twenty-elKht million <$2S.000.0O0 00) '
dollars, payable December 1. 1923. with in- }
terest thereon at the rate of 4 per cent I
per annum, payable semi-annually, and prin- j
clpal and interest payable In cold coin of
the United States of America of the present
ctar.dard of veirht and fineness; and to j
secure the bonded indebtedness, i o proposed
t« be created, by a zaortgn.ee upon or deed j
of trust of all the property of saiil corpora- j
tlon now owned or which It may hereafter
acquire and during the life er term of said
mortgage or deed of trust. By order of
the Board of Director*.
PELHAM W. AMES.
Secretary of the Sprine Valley Water Cotn-
pany.
AGENTS WASTED.
AGENTS — An agency for a proposition that Is
a cecided improvement on building and loan
:s worvh having. Great Western Improve-
ment Co.. Parrott bide
AGENTS wanted — Apply Halpruner Medical
Mfe. Co.. 2S California et., afternoons.
IIOAUDING FOR CHILDREN.
WANTED — A child to board; private family;
mother's care. 1536 Hyde st.
ATTORXEYS-AT-LAW.
ADVICE FREE. ESTABLISHED 22 YEARS.
Divorces a specialty. Privaie. Quick.
HO PAY UNLESS SUCCESSFUL.
G. W. HOWE.
Attorney and Counselor at Law,
Open Evenings 7 to 3. Phone Jeesie 4711.
Offices on First Floor — Rooms 1, 2. 3. 4 and 3.
1122 Market St.. Between Mason and Taylor.
Almost Opposite "Hale' a" Dry Good* Store.
THE LEGAL ADVISORY. Inc.
Practice in Federal and all State Courts.
Attachments, divorce, mining, bankruptcy,
prosecutions, adjustments, corporations, pat-
ents, estates, probate.
Ex}>erienc*d and Reliable Attorneys Engaged.
Advice g-uaranteed Correspondr nee solicited,
til. 511A. SUB Crossley Bldg. Tel. John 2a2tt.
X. E. Cor. New Montgomery and Mission Sts.
ADVICE FREE
COLUMEIAN LAW AGENCY
Rn. NS, 81C Market; tel. Red CIS; bad ten-
ents ejected epeedily and reasonably; collec-
tions attended to; attachments; corporations
organized; civil and criminal practice.
ROB7. \V. KING, atty-at-law. Examiner bid.,
room €11; all cases, damages, estates, wills, |
attachments, collections, etc.; consultation I
free; no , advance charges; caU or write;
evenings by appointment. Tel. Red 3C01.
ADVICE free — I will advance cost In meritori-
ous cases, divorces, prokate and all other law
cases; no fees in advance; open every even-
irg. J. M. THUBSTON. 813 Market St.. r. 31.
WARNER TEMPLE. 03 Chronlclo building;
bankruptcy, accidents, prolate an£ matri-
monial cafes; labor ller.s.
DIVORCE — Costs, $12; quick, quiet; open even-
ings. 927 Market Ft., room SOI.
A. M. EWING — Attorney-at-law. Room 612.
Perrclt bldg.
L. £. CLARK. Emma Eprecke'.s bldg.. 927 Mar-
ket et. : consultation free; no fees In advance.
/.ITICEN & AITKEN. attorneys, rs. 309-10-11.
Clume bldg.. 503 California et.; tel. Main 727.
ADVICE free: no charge unless successful; all
law hi:rin«». W. W. Davidson. 927 Market.
nrsi.vnss chances.
FCR sale — An old and well established grocery
and feed business, on one of the best corners
in Oakland, with stock, fixtures, large lot and
Improvements, consisting of two stores,
dwellings, stable, windmill, tank and abund-
ant supply of water. For further particulars
r.pply to P. J. KENNEDY. 11 Montgomery
•*.. San Francisco.
FOR wile — Furniture, carpets and good will of
a new brick apartment-house of 175 rooms,
in the city's swellet-t locality; partly furnUb-
td. and although Just opened t» over half
lillrd with regular tenants already; ions
!<¦**«; if you want an apartment-house don't
:all to gft particulars of this at room 1404
s-rid 1405. CaU building.
FOR tile — Fine candy store and ice cream par-
lor; elegantly fitted up; good location: good
reasons for selling. Apply the Hromada Co..
S3 Kattery et.
fSOt ONLY— For a country hotel with bar; not
:ar from Oakland. P. C. LASSEN & CO..
'¦akland. Cal.
$".*.(» BUYS flrFt-olars bicycle and repair busi-
n*«; good reason for selling. Address at
enci-, box 712, Call offlce.
OWING to continued ill-health will eell best
paying tmall ceffee house south of Market
at.; no cgents. 1S3 Fourth St.
S;tOO— BUSINESS pays annual profit of $4000.
or half interest fcr *1">00 to good, honest
v.;&n: in country. Address CHAS. SHARP.
liar. ford. Cal.
COFFEE and lunch place doing good business:
located In wholesale district; proprietor leav-
inrr city; bargain; $CO0. Box 4403. Call.
TO tailors — Fln« chance to get old tailoring
ci-tsb. ; downtown: low rent; 2 years' lease.
Ajiply at once, box 44OC. Call offlce.
i'APER route lor Bale; clears $100 over ex-
Trea«rs. Address Call Branch, box S3S. Oak-
land.
SNAP — BargRin: 14 rooms; central location;
price $850. Western Realty Co.. 1007H Markt.
FOR SALE— Mocha Restaurant. lTCOfe M!s-
tlin at.
LODGIXG-IIOL'SES FOR SALE.
100 ROOMS; bouse lor men; rent J140...J4O00
CS rooms; couth of Market; rent 1 100. 2000
24 roon-.t; corner; part cash; bal. easy. S5fl
11 rooms; good income: rent $20.... 350
21 rooms; water front; rent $40; lease.. 650
120 rccnt; good lease: low rent .6500
17 Tme.: apartments ; Western Add. ;rent 200
Money loaned at 1 per cent.
KoteU. roadhousec. flats, 5 to 100 rooms.
EZTEL k. CARROLL, 212 Kearny it.
SPIRITUALISM. >
*ROF. Fred P. Brane, noted psychic for elate-
wrlting and clairvoyance; rump for circular.
1112 Eddy «t. t nr. Octavla: phont Scott SSi.
MRS. CONNOLU 14$ Sixth et; circle every
night; tects to all, 10c; readings daily.
ilME. YOUNG'S convincing spirit messages to-
night, 10c, &9 McAllister; come, skeptics.
KT'WARD EARLE, 1052 Kills, readings dally.
>:M to 4; geancee Sunday and Thursday.
CLAIRVOYANTS. £
MY Rrcul«rf3 Headings Thle Week for
(i $1 n fi n n I*
• . PROFESSOR PAUL DESTINE.
The First Registered Trance Clairvoyant and
1'aimist Ever In San Francisco.
I do hereby solemnly agre« and guarantee
to make no charge if I fall to tell you your
name, occupation and what you called for;
1 promise to tell you whether husband, wife
or sweetheart is true or false; I tell >W
whom and when you will marry; In fact. I
will tell you every hope, fear or ambition
better than you can tell yourself; I Improve
your character so that you will reach the
highest possible development in mental vigor,
health, happiness and capacity to earn
wealth; bo you will live happy and contented
the reet of your life. Hours 10 a. m. to 8
p. m.; Sunday*. 2 to 8. 526 O'Farrell St., 32C
UME. M. BERNARD, THQ FAMOUS
Clairvoyant and bustness medium, perma-
nently located at IT Third St., next Kxamtner
¦ bldg.; she reads tout life correctly, gives an
accurate description of the past, reveals the
present happenings and portray* events to
occur la the future; tt you are in trouble, dis-
contented or not MtlBfled In life, or have do-
meetlc. love or business troubled, oonsult this
irreat. medium and you will be told how to
overcome then; valuable advice in ail affairs
of life; 3Sc up; satisfaction guaranteed; read-
ings by mall. Ttl. Black 4568.
1SMAR. the Egyptian gypsy, clairvoyant and
palmist, permanently located at 1104 Market
•t., <*vr. Turk; private readings dally, 10 a.
ru. to 8 p. m. ; readlngi by mall as satisfac-
tory as in person; S questions answered. $1:
full life. $5; send lock of hair, flats and year
of birth: don't send currency. Send postofflce,
Wells-Fargo money order or registered letter.
A— MME. PORTER, scientific clairvoyant and
card reader, born with a double veil and seo-
ond bight; tells the pa»t, present and future;
ladies. 80c; gents, 91; by cards, palmistry
end clairvoyant sitting; $1 50. 12C Turk st.
MRS. A. H. Kronenberg. palmist, clairvoyant,
card reader, will give goood reading, 10c, for
ehort time only: when others fail try me to
convince yourt>elf. 403 Franklin, near Grove.
MISS ZEMDAR, young gifted dalr. and palm.;
ha* second sight; a wonderful prophetess;
nameg; L. 50o: G. $1. 714 Franklin. nr.G.O.av.
MME. LEE, palmistry and clairvoyant; hours
a-5; rveninrs and Sundays by appointment;
readings 60c. 1206 Market, parlor 61; elev.
JUST arrived; Mme. Davis, greatest magio
card render on coast: born, crowned, veiled.
763 Market, parlors 16-17; 25-SOc; mall $1.
A— Mme. Ravenna reads life, business advice;
names i-lven: 25c up. 5 4th St., near Market.
MISS WARD gives names, dates and facts;
hours 10 to 8. 413 Mason St. ; no sign.
MME. MAISEAU. clairvoyant, card reader; la-
dies 25c. gents 60c; hours 1 to 9. 645 Minna.
OLDEST lady palmist and card reader in city.
20 H Kearny, room 20; ladles 25c; gents SOo.
MP.S. SHAFER. clairvoyant, card reader: elt-
tingg dally. 448H Jesgie St.. bet. Sth and 6th.
qitPET BEATIXO AND CLEAX1SO.
AIR, compressed, dry, ice cold, is now univer-
sally used in sanitarily cleaning carpets, on
floor without removal cr injury: prices mod-
erate. Apply S. F. COMPRESSED AIB
CLEANING CO.. Call bid.; phone Main 5237.
WHEN you become disgusted with your work
send for SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
ing Works. 355-337 Tehama st. : tel. South 40.
SMITH'S Carpet Cleaning Co.; Al work guar-
anteed. 3c 1843 15th st. ; phone Capp 1631.
"WESTERN Carpet Cleaning Works. 1S00 Har-
rison St.; Al cleaning. 3c: tel. Mission 223.
CALIFORNIA Carpet-beating Co.. J: McQueen,
proprietor, 329 Guerrero St.; tel. Mission 4J.
TRY HOPKE BROS.; excellent carpet-beating;
mattretyes made over. 1432 Howard ;Soath 216.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter St.;
tel. Main ."EM. GEO. WALCOM A CO.. Props.
RUDOLPH & CO.. carpet-beating works; prices
reasonable. 1703 Harrison St.; tel. Mission 2C3.
CONKLIN'S Superior Carpet-beating Works,
323 Golden Gate ave.: telephone Ea<it 126.
CHIROPODISTS.
DUNLAP FOOT~INSTrrUTE. B0 Geary— All
ailments of the feet cured: coms.bunlons.ete.
COLLECTION OFFICES.
BAD tenants ejected for $4: collections mr.de:
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION >
CO.. 415 Montgomery, rooms 3-10: tel. ftSSO
DENTISTS.
ELECTRO-DENTAL ~CLlNIc7~809 ~Mirket~sC
cor. Fourth, room 7. Flood building; extrac-
tions done cainlessly; teeth without flat-s
our epecialty: gold crowns, $3 R0 up; plates,
$4 50 up, extraction free; offlce hours, tf
a. m. to 9 p. m. : Sundays. 0 to 2.
DR. GRUSS. 604-6-6 Callaghan bldg.. Marktt
acd McAllister sts., uses the Basford Obtun-
der. the only device ever Invented for grind-
leg, drilling and excavating teeth absolutely j
without pain. For demonstration and proof
call at office. \
DR. LCDLUM HILL. 1443 Market. nr.Eleventn
— No charge for extracting when plates are
made; old plates made over like new; teeth
from $S per set; extracting. 50c; gas gives.
A NEW plat* — The Whalebone — cannot break;
warranted 20 yrs.; crown. $3 50: fillings, 50c;
plates. (5; full set;all work painless snd war-
ranted. Chicago Dental Parlors. 24 Sixth st.
: PARIS Dental Parlors, 235 Kearny, ccr.Bush —
Set teeth $1 50 up; crowns $2 up; fillings 25c.
GOLD fillings. 75c; silver. ?.5c; crowns. $2; no
pain: cpen Sunday. Dr.O.B.Hew'.M.gftl P-Jtter.
JDJ^SS5T4JKEKSJ».ND SEAMSTRESSES
McDOWELL Dressmaking and Millinery School
| — Any pattern cut to measure. 1019 Market.
ACCORDION, sunburst & knife plaiting, ctew-
art's button & buttonhole factory'. 110 Taylor.
EDUCATIONAL.
THE San Francisco Young Men's Christian
Association conducts a nisht school for men,
an engineering school, en evening law school,
a working boys' night school anj a. day bu3i-
; cfbs and msdemlc scbool. Students have
; gymnasium and other privileges. Apply at
i Y. M C. A. building. Maycn and F.llis sts.
SHORTHAND in 30 days; Boyd'o Syllabic; no
i ruled linen; no shading; nothing to confuse;
only 0 characters; easily read; study by
mail; circulars, testimonials and first lesson
coverir.K hi the course for two 2-cent stamps.
Chicago Correspondence Schools, Incorpo-
rated. 02 National Ufe Bldg.. Chicago. 111.
• HKALirS BUSINESS COLLEGE, 2V- Pot:, flj
V. — Bookkeeping, ahorthand, touch typing
languages. telegra-.hy. English branches;
day and night sessions; illus. catalogue free.
HIXMAN'S Academy; a thorough school of
dancing: established 20 years. 1412 Polk st.,
between Pine and California: both adult and
children's clataes are now open for the season.
AYRES, the leading business college. 723 Mar-
ket rt.; special cummer course in all depart-
ments: handsome catalogue free; life. scholar-
ship, $50; day ana evening sessions.
CALIFORNIA Busine- College. SOS Larkin st.
"A thorough school"; positions secured for
graduates; modern methods; individual in-
Etructlon. Write for '.Uustratcd catalogue.
THE Lyceum, an accredited preparatory school
for the university, law and medical. colleges;
ref.. President Jordan or any Stanford pro-
fetsor; day, evening nc£slor>s. Phelan bldg.
A— SAN FRANCISCO Business College? 1236
Market st. — Practical, progressive, reliable;
dty & evening sessions: write for catalogue.
A GENTLEMAN teaches privately young men
nnd women whose education has been nec-
lected; also foreigners. Call or add. 719 Post.
HEALD'S Echool of Mines &. EIectrlcity,24 Post
St.. S. F. ; a practical school of engineering;
complete equipment. Special catalogue fre«.
ENGINEERING— Civil, clec. naln.. mech., *ur-
vey, assay, cyanide; day, eve.; est. 1804. Van
der NalUen School. 113 Fultpn. nr. City Hall.
DANCING Tuesday. Thursday. Saturday and
Sunday evenings at Teutonia Hall. Howard
tt.. near Ninth: management Prof. Foster.
SPANISH. Frtnch.etc.Prof.DeFillppe's Academy
Icf Lanjfuages..'52O Poet ;estab'dlS71: ablest profs.
GOLDEN Gate Com'l College, 630 Golden Gate
av<-. : full business course: day and evening.
SCHOOL OF ILLUSTRATION Day and
PARTINGTOX'S. 424 Pine st... Night class.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing.
et»*.: day r>r «-ve : IB mn 1^24 MUEinn.nr f.th
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
GEORGE AOKI. 42lHp^t'sT7~teirTjusn~l35^
Japanese-Chinese employment offlce; fur-
ntehes best help; contracts for farm help, etc
IF you want Japanese help, advertise in The
New World. Japanese daily paper. 353 Geary.
A — ORPHEUM Employment Offlce — Japanase-
Chinese help. 426 Powell. Tel. Main 5752.
A — GRAND Japanese-Chinese Emp. Office 418
Stockton: tel. Grant 1G8; expert, reliable help.
CHINESE Employment Offlce— Best help at
Leon Senng's. 411% O'Farrell; tel. East 429.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of-
fice; all kinds help. 315 Stockton; Main D18S.
CHINESE and Japanese help; estab. 20 years.
Tel. 'Main 1997. BRADLEY & CO., 610 Clay.
E. B. BECK
HELP W.1KTKD — MALE Con.
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S Emp. Office
420 Bush st «42 Clay st.
Ship daily this week for Nevada.
100 laborers, Valmy, Nevada $2
100 laborers, Reno, Nevada $2
.100 laborers, Beowawe, Nevada $2
100 laborers, Fenelon, Nevada $2
FOR MARIN COUNTY. CAL.
Tunnelmen, muckers $2 25-$2 50
Absolutely Free Fare for All Above.
25 laborers, ditch work, near city $2
Electrician and run an ice machine.. $60 bd. j
Gardener, short distance, ?30; colored butler, ;
?.{5; French butler, ?35; 3 coooers. slack
work, 0c each; milker, city, $30; hostler, $33;
tunnel foreman, R. R. work, $4 day; chore-
men and others.
FIRST-CLASS COUNTRY HOTEL, SOUTH.
Barkeeper 5*0
Washer $33:
Waiter, heads of deixirtments $25;
Helps' hall waiter .$23 |
Fireman, with oil $30;
See boss here Free fare I
Second cook, country hotel, fare paid... $40
Butcher and slaughterer, country, $:>5; cooks,
waiters, porters, dish and pot washers, bell
boys and others. $15, $15
C. R. HANSEN & CO Emp. Agency
423 Bush st C-J2 Clay St.
AN errand boy for this otflce
C. R. HANSEN & CO 420 Push at.
AT THE CAL.' EMPI.OY1IENT AGENCY.
50 Third at., near Call bldtc. : phone Bush 405.
FREE FARE.
NEVADA NEVADA.
Reno, Golconda and Ryndon.
100 laborers, ?2 a day; S. P. R. Co.'s own
work.
FREE FARE.
OREGON* COAL MINES.
FARE ADVANCED.
8 coal miners. C-foot vein; §1 a ton; ship
to-day.
4 laborers, city, 0 hours, $2 25.
4 men for rock quarry. |2 23 a day.
CAL. EMP. AGENCY. 50 Third st.
ANDRE'S Office, .117 Stockton st. — Driver for
doctor, must understand .gardening, $3<>; as-
sistant gardener, $2.*>: indoor servant, butler.
$,"J5; kitchen hand, $25; bellboy, club. f»i>,
etc.
WANTED— Boy to wait on gentleman; ?3 per
per week. 813 Sutter st., MRS. NORTON.
WANTED — Platen press feeder, one who baa
had some experience on folding box press.
Mutual Lltho. & L. Co., Second and Bryant
sts., Bryant-st. entrance^ i
YOUNG men everywhere eopy letters home
evenings: $9 CO week. Scud addressed envel-
ope for particulars. Manager Dcpt. W. 4,
box 1411. Philadelphia. Pa. '
WANTED — A good, strong boy between 10 and
18 years old, to learn the picture frame busi-
ness; must have rood references; no other
need apply. 1503 Market st.
WHY pay biff prices to have your shoes half-
soled when you can set It done for 25c, 00c
. and tK)c. while you watt at Tit!."'. Mission St..
bet. 1st and 2d sts., or 11 Third St.?
EXPERIENCED salesman for handkerchief
depnrtmtnt; state experience, salary ex-
pected, age, etc. Address box :<4S7. Call.
A GOOD, strone boy wanted; $1 a day. Mu-
tual Lltho. & L. Co., Stcond and Bryant
sts.. liryant-st. entrance.
BOY wanted — Apply after f> a.*m. at the Stcv-
enson-st. entr».:ice to CHAS. LYONS, Lon-
don Tailor. 721 Market st.
A GOOD hustling exoerlenced. real estate ?o-
llcltor: salary and commission. R. D.
CRANSTON & SONS, 114 Montgomery st.
WANTED — A young man as shipping clerk
in a machine shop; state Rge and experience.
Address box ;14O2. Call office.
A MAN of Indomitable energy and push, a good
talker, eager to make money. F. PERSON,
477 nnd 4SS Parrott building.
TRY our men's shoes, union made, at $1 and
$1 50 pair; foot-form shoes at $2 T.0; we pay
express or mall chrgs. 11 3d St.. Exam, bid.
CASH and errand boys. ROOS BROS., Kear-
ny, at Post. i
MANAGER for ribbon department: state cx-
pcrlence. Balary expected. Box ."USS. Call.
EXPERIENCED man for delicatessen counter.
Apply superintendent's offlce. Emporium —
WANTED — Young German for porter in *a-
loon. 10 California St..
WANTED — Middle-aged man as bookkeeper,
collector and offlce men. Box .'{4Sa. Cail.
ICE cream maker: must have experience; steady
employm't. Lehnliardt. 115B Brdwy.. Oakland.
WAITER— At 126 Ninth st.
BOY wanted to work around butcher shop. Ap-
ply 1C04 Geary at.
WANTED — Bootblack for country; good wages.
Apply 111 Ellis st.
WANTED — Cook at 434 Fifth st.
WANTED— Harness maker at 122 Montgomery
avenue.
STEADY German: refs. ; tend bar, make him-
self useful; wine house. 15 City Hall square.
WANTED — A dishwasher. Apply 465 Valencia
street.
WANTED— Flrst-claes barber fcr evenings. 203
Scott st. *
WANTED — Thoroughly competent carpet and
shade man for Arizona: must be good on bor-
dered goods and understand cutting and lay-
ing. Address box 70.'!, Call offlce.
WANTED— Experienced mechanical and ar-
chitectural draughtsmen: good Inducements
to first-class men. Apply 210 Bush St., en-
gineering department.
WANTED — Young man who is an experienced
dry goods wrapper. Apply between 0 and
11 a. m. nt HALE BROS'. .
BARBER shop for sale: 2 chairs; Income $33
week up; good location; transient trade. C.
DANIS, CSS Folsom st.
UNION barber wanted; steady: Wednesday
eve.. Saturday 11 o'clock and Sunday. lbIG
Polk. ' ¦ ¦'.- -¦
WANTED— Rough carpenters and laborers. Ap-
ply room 14. 26 Montgomery st.. San Fran-
cisco Construction Company.
FOR sale — Barber shop, 3 chairs; In lively
• country town: price $100. WILL & FINCK,
barber supply department, 21 O'Farrell st.
WANTED — A young man stenographer; state
salary. Box 4404, Call offlce.
BARBER wanted for Saturday and Sunday;
steady one preferred. 3083 Twenty-fourth st.
OFFICE boy wanted. Apply box 70t. Call
¦ offlce. '.
6 YOUNG men to go to sea on deep water
ships. HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart St.
FOR sale — 3 chair barber shop end 3 furnished
rooms; a bargain. . 2092 Mission st. ¦
WANTED — Bill clerk, experienced, for whoie^
sale house; salary $C0. Box 702." Call.
OPERATORS wanted at once on cloaks at M.
SIMINOFF'S. 1228 Market st.
BOY In tin ihop; learn trade; 16 years. 503
Mission st.
A SHOEMAKER on repairing. N. SUBKE.
.326 Railroad ave. South.
BOY •• 16 -years; good opportunity: rteady posi-
tion.- Carson Glove Co.. 123 Second . st.
BOY about 15 years of age for men's furnishing
store. 421 Kearny st. _
LOST A NO FIPXP-— CoHtjfon*rt. A
LOST — Elack and tan deerhound: not thorough-
bred; $5 reward. Return to 1311 O Farrell st.
LOST Gold chain bracelet, with Jewels. Com-
munlcate box VASV. Call office. _^
IT wll! pay to "Remember" t!;at the California
Watch Case Co.. 220 Sutter st.. needs old
gold snd silver to make new watch cases.
MILLINERY.
LADIES — 20O stylish hats to select from; lease
sold must vacate February l-}*>\i •«*•
money by calling on MME. DOSCH. 207 Poit.
3I1SCELLANEOUS — FOR SALE.^
BOILERS enelnes. 2d-hand maohinery. McIN-
TOSH A- WOLPMAN. 135-197 Fremont »t.
DOES YOUK ROOF LEAK?
Repair it with elaterite; In rolls easy to lay:
needs no painting cr coating; good ovar old
iron, tin or shingles; best for new roof j.
ELATERITE ROOFING CO.. 713 Market st.
2D-HAND machinery, boilers, engines pumps,
pulleys, shafting, etc.. etc. bought, sold,
rented and exchanged; see Sunday paper*.
H. S. WHITE M'CH'T CO.. 130-132 Beale at.
A— Fine su.ts. $7 SO; dress pants. $2 50. Origi-
nal Misfit Clothlne Parlors. 2CS Kearny st..
near Bush; open to 9 p. m. Sunday to r.ooB.
A— $3 50 DERBY and Fedora hats. $1 73. Pop-
ular Price Hatters. 330 Kearny St.. near
Pine: open till 0 p. m. Sunday to noon.
A — BUYS, nells or rent3 gear machinery, en-
gines boilers water pipe shafting, pulleys.
etc. 'WHITELAW. 233-253 Spear st.
FOR sale— Several tracts forest reserve at
$1 75 per acre; good title. H. A. COWAN.
110 South Broadway. Los Angeles. Cal.
TRY our men's shoes at $1 and $1 50 pair:
foot- form shoes at $2 50: we pay express
charges. 11 3d st.. Exam, bid.: catalog, free.
FOR sale — 2 flagpoles, 24 feet Ions; 2000 fire
brick. 1S2S Fifteenth st.
ONE pair solitaire diamond ear screws; $275.
At W. J. HESTHAL'S. 10 Sixth St.
FOR SALE — Self-adding cash register. $CX
326 Railroad ave. aoutfu
3~ t: AND 10 hp. rasollne engines: 2<i-hand; all
sizes, new. E. B. BKCK fc CO.. 122 Market.
BEST Burbank potatoes. ?1 25 the sack, de-
livered: phone Grant 70: write, cal!: 115 Mkt.
NEAV and *e-ond hand machinery or all kind*.
KROGH MNFG CO.. HO Market st.
SAFES— New and second-hand. THE HER-
MAXN SAFE CO.. 417-423 Sacramento st.__
MOVING pictures magic lanterns, sale, rental;
bargain?. Bullard & Breck. 131 Post st.
MILES of ripe and fittings: a'.l sizes. EU-
GENE R1LEY & SONS. 100 Vallejo St.
MOVING picture film and sons slides. 109
Montgomery et.
SAFES — New and second-hand. E. B. BECK
<_ CO.. 122 Market st. __^_ .
All bargains ;camp stools and chairs ;hammock>,
tnetal t>ed3.mattres3es.J.F.Hotter.712 Mission.
Edison phonographs, record?, supplies, moV.si
picture machines, fllir.3. Baclgalupi. 93.. Mkt.
GASOLINE engines automobiles and launches;
all sizes. J. E. DOAK. 4S Fremont st.
ASK for prices on second-hand typewriters: all
makes. ALEXANDER & CO.. 110 Montg'y.
MISCELLANEOUS WANTS.
CALIFORNIA HOLSEWRECKING c'6'i
Pays higher prices for buildings and take*
less time to wreck and remove. Office. N'W.
cor. Mission and Tenth: phone Mint 3011.
WILL exchange paper hanging for a shotgun.
Box 4770. Call office^
WANTED — To buy a delivery wagon. II.
MARQUETTE. 1147 Mission st.
HATRACK wanted; must be in Al condition
and of oak; state price. Cox 47b9. Call.
WANTED — To purchase or rent one. 10 to 13
horsepower rector. 110 volta. Box ->4.J. Call.
BOOKS and libraries bought. H. C. HOLME?.
1140 Market et. : phone Jessie 3741. or postal.
! TILTON wants good second-hand clothing and
theatrical {roods. 1E4 9th st. ; tel. Jessie 2S31.
A EIG price paid for spalsk'.ns; send postal.
25 Stockton at. : phone T!u»h 4.S4.
MONEY TO LOAN.
I A AA— HERMAN MLKPHY.
C01-C02-603 Examiner building.
! Quick settlements; no disappointment.
! Save expenses by dealing directly.
! Estates, second mortgages, undivided inter-
ests, assignments ot rents, property in trust.
; etc.- legacies life estates and undivided in-
i teretts jn property purchased.
Courteous treatment. Stnct'y confidential.
When You Need Money
Ste HERMAN MURPHY. .
'¦ ADVANCES on furniture and pianos without
removal; to permanent salaried people on
their ncte without security or knowledge <jf
employer; lowest rates; no commission. Na-
tional Credit Co. 68 and 69 Donohoe buUd-
lng. 117l> Market st.
INTEREST REDUCED TO !5 PER CENT.
DEAL DIRECT; SAVE EXPENSES.
I will loan on 1st, 2d and 3d mortgages. HAN
FRANCISCO OAKLAND. TOWN. COUN-
TRY PROPERTY and REAL ESTATE In
probate: sentl full particulars o? property; nj
answer otherwise. Box 249S. Call office.
' PATRIOTS desiring President Roosevelt's Cali-
fornia speeches can have same sent to thWf
allress by remitting 12 cents. V. THOMP-
SON. 2ol Crant ave.. San Francisco. Cal.
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds, jewelry, at
lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store. ?*»•>
Market St.; tel. Main 1C44. Eranch. 10 Third.
MONEY loaned to salaried peop>. retail mer-
chants, teamsters, boarding-houses, witlwat
security: easy payments; largest business la
4<> principal cities. Tolman. STkJ Parrott blilg.
THE Open Credit Assn. makes advances ta re- ¦
•ponsible salaried people, confidentially: new
nr.if simple plan; easy installments. Room,
CO. Academy of Science*. SI!) Market st.
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL LOAN'S rn fur-
niture. !>ianos or to salaried peoole on th-:lr
note: proper treatment Kuarantee'l. lLL.INOi-3
TRUST CO.. r. !•>. Phelan h!d.. Main 7i>h
A — 1 per cent on furniture or piano: no remov-
' al. no coramlfslon, no pub!icity:$23 up; quick.
private, confidential. 20 Montgomery, rm. 7.
MUNICIPAL LOAN OFFICE. 10.1 Grant ave..
LOANS FROM ?1 TO J1O.00O.
MONEY to loan en low interest: goH. silver.
I diamonds, pearls and precious stimss bougni
at W. J. HESTHAL'S. 10 Sixth «t.
TO salaried people without 3«rurit>; on fur-
niture. Indorsed notes anri other security.
S. F. Discount Agency. 14-1 Phe'.an bid?.
ON furniture, piano; no removal. E. W. LICK.
1CO5 Mutual Savings Bank bldg.. 7CS Market.
MONEY loaned to salaried employes. G. W.
MILLER, room 74. r.'th floor. Chronicle bids.
3% ON furniture & pianos: $13 up; no removal.
V. TREMAIN. room SI. 6 Eddy St.. floor 4.
ALL loans on diamonds and Jewelry 2 p?r cent
mo. S. F. CollateraV-Loan Bank. 5-TS Kearny.
STAR Loan Co. of Wyominr loans meney t<»
calaried employes. 11.31 1. Mutual Sav. Bk.blUA
CASH loaned salaried people on notes without!
icdorser. MORRELL. CCO Examiner tldg [
MrSICj\X^IXSTnUMENTJ».
NO trouble with people who buy the Heine
piano; 70CO satisfied customers the best ad-
vertisement; strictly high grade and sol.! <!!-
rect from factory to purchaser; this enab'ea
you to procure a flrst-classi piano at a rea-"
sonable prioe; we carry 14 different makes;
any piano purchased from us taken in ex-
change any time within 5 years and full
purchase price allowed on a Peerless Heir.a
or any of our other makes. Some bargains,
all uprights: Collard. $43: Weber, $7ti;
Sherman & Hyde. $IM»; Klmball. $113: Smtth tin
Barnes. $15O: Miller. $17S; Emerson. $lfi5;
Mansfield & Notni $123: 2 Stelnwaya. $lk">.
$2G3; 2 Chickering. $So. 517.". ; 2 Heine, slisjht-
ly used. $323. $3tJo. and 23 others. Install-
ments' $4 up; rents. $2 up. allowed on pur-
chase." HEINE PIANO CO.. 2T.5-2S7 Geary
St.; Oakland branch. Fifteenth and P.road-
way old P O. site. Largest exclusive
wholesale and retail dealers of the West.
THIS AD IS OUR GREATEST EXPENSE^
We pay no rent, as we own the building.
The only reason we advertise is to let you
know we rent the bost piano in the city for $1
per month. Now we. can sell you ora just th»
same. Our expenses are so very much less
than other firms, why not investigate our prices
and compare notes? Invest 5c carfare and save
from $75 to $130 on a piano. SCOTT-CURT AZ
PIANO CO.. 5tiC-62-iM Hayea «t.
WHILE low prices are the fashion you will
find that we are giving the most for the
-money of any firm in the city. No better in-
struments than the Baumeister. Schubert or
Stodani are needed by anybody, and vou can-
not afford to buy ur.ti! they have been ex-
amined THE ZENO MAUVAIS MUSIC
CO.. 700 Market st.
A FEW good upright bargains from ?30 up. in-
cludlng such makes as Chickering. Mason *
Hamlin. Sterling. Curta*. Klrkman.
" a . l "£. s - ***'• p «a»e and others. BEN'J.
CUP.TA7. & SON. l« O' Fan-ell «t. No
branchea In San Francisco.
THE greatest opportunity ever offered in Srm
Francisco to get a good reliable pUno cheap.
Before our removal w e will sacrifice any In-
strument fcr cash or installments. Call or
W Xt, r pr '' CP9 anrt terms at once'. KOHLER
& CHASE. Established 1S50. HO O'FarreX
A STECK & OABLEr" upright, nearly ne^. -
chtap; a snap. HORNTJNO. 21C McAllister.
RARE chance: cash or payments: elegant his**
grade upright. 1C McAllister st. :
Unredeemed storage pianos and furniture i't
i cheap. Whltehead's Storage. 1(26 Market it
EMPLOYMENT WASTED — FEMALE.
A— GREEN Swedish girl to assist. $15; Ameri-
can J __M^S : _NOTTON J _J13_Jlutter_st.
AMERICAN woman want* work by the day:
Is willing; guarantee satisfaction; car P£*
cleaning a specialty: fine laundress; *l -3
dayT 1T4 Fourth St.; one flight, room 10.
LADY stenographer, assist bookkeeper or cash-
ier desires position in country; 4 years ex-
perience; Al references. Box «11. Call.
AMERICAN woman wishes housekeeper' s po-
Bltion or cooking; neat and reliable. MRS.
• FAIRBANKS. 2TS Turk st.
COMPETENT woman wishes situation, house-
work and cooking. 1244 Howard st.. nr. Bth.
DRESSMAKER, cloak and suit maker, good
cutter and fitter, engagements by the day,
city or country; only first-class work done in
families. MISS BARSS, 1024 Mission st.
FIRST-CLASS German cook wants position In
a first-class German family. Ahlborn House,
321 Grant ave.. room 42.
BY a young lady In business otflce; sten-
ographer and has knowledge of bookkeeping.
Box 440S. Call.
WANTED— Position as governess by an edu-
oated. exuerienced aud cultured young
woman, having had normal training and
holding kindergarten diploma. Box 4103. Can.
A GERMAN girl would like a place to take
care of children or do second work. Call at
3115 Seventeenth »t. .'
WINIFRED PHILLIPS, trained nurse, room
10T Hotel Netherland. 18 Turk St.; phone
Private Exchange 014.
A GOOD cook wishes a situation" <n a small
family. 4T7 /essie st.. near Sixth.
TWO girls wish homelike places for house-
work. S Olive oourt, off Union St.
JAPANESE g-lrl wants a good position as
flrst-clasa cook; $35 up a month; have refer-
ences. SUMI. 031 Sacramento st.
EMPLOYMENT WAXTEJP— -MALg«^
EXPERIENCED vegetable gardener, knows his
duties; also orchard and vine pruning, graft-
ing, ouring of dried fruit, dairy work, butter,
etc.; California references. Address J. O.,
662 Mission St., S. F. '
STRONG, middle-aged man. quick at flK ur «»'
who understands bookkeeping; Is willing to
start as laborer in wholesale hojise. Box
3490. Call office.
YOUNG man wants position In city or coun-
try; any kind of work; can furnish best of
references. Address box 3431. Call offlce.
GOOD barber seeks steady position. Address
The Waldorf. 24 Fifth at., room 27.
YOUNG man wiehes chance to learn plumbing
trade. Cox 710, Call offlce.
WANTED — Position by expert stenographer
and typewriter. Address M.. box 3484, Call.
MARRIED man wants position as electrician
and general mechanical work on gentleman's
place; 5 years last place; 1000 lights, storage
batteries, dynamoes and motors. R. GRIM-
WOOD. Brooklyn ave.. East Oakland. Cal.
SITUATION wanted by reliable young man:
¦well educated and has business experience
and knowledge of bookkeeping; references
last place. Box 3477. Call offlce.
WANTED — By young man. 36, position In
wholesale house where there will be a ful
ture; strone, sober and willing to work. Box
3478, Call offlce.
GARDENER— First-class, up-to-date, 7 years'
practice as head gardener in large private
place, wants position; good worker; beat ref-
erences; single. Box "PC. Call offlce.
YOUNG business man of this city wishes out-
door position, collector, etc.; references;
bends, or cash security; any amount. . Box
. 3470, Call office^
YOUNG man, student, wants Inside work fore-
noon for board and room. Address S. LEE,
New Manchester, Sixth St., room 14.
YOUNG man, age 28. sober and steady, de-
xires work p.t anything. Address ALEX
McDUFF. 350 Minna at. . .
MAN and wife want positions on ranch; man
able to l*ndlc ranch or stock farm; wife good
cook. Address box 836. Call offlce, Oakland.
WANTED — A position as watchman or ship-
keeper on a vessel. Address P. FORD. 1916
Eleventh ave.. lZa5t Oakland. Cal ;
ENGINEER and machinist wants position;
sober and experienced. Bex 707, Call offlce.
BARTENDER desires position; gcod, reliable,
trustworthy man. Apply box 3480, Call.
GOOD Jananese boy wants position as school-
boy in city. Address II. FUKAMI. 110
Golden Gate ave.
JAPANESE boy wants a place as cook or
wait on table In family; wages $6 per week.
Tel. Polk 103S. CHA M.. 520 O 1 Farrell st.
A YOUNG Japanese wishes a position an an
apprentice in a photographic studio; haa
much experience: moderate wages. T. MA-.
TOI. 525 Jessie «t.
JAPANESE boy, gentle and honest, wishes po-
sition as a schoolboy. Y. TOKAMOTO, 423
Stevenson st.
JAPANESE boy desires situation as school-
boy in city: speaks English well. Call or
address Y. fcEKI. 810% Stockton St., S. F.
CHINESE first-class cook wants position;
l-oarriing house, hotel or restaurant. 33
Waverly r!a<e.
TWO Japanese boys want porter or chamber
work in city. Address . r >0<5 Bush Et.
JAPANESE gccl boy .vants situation. HENRY
ITO. S07 Thirteenth St.; tel. Page 4303.
CHINESE cook: small family In city. H. S.,
813 Dupont ft.
JAPANESE honest boy wants situation to do
cooking. Call at 832 Clay st., rear, Oakland.
FINANCIAL.
4~PER CENT to~6~PER CENT HIGH GRADE
Municipal, School, Railroad and Corporation
Bonds,
Bank and Trust Company Stocks.
Selected for conservative investors.
Write for Information to
HEAZELTON & CO..
Stock and Hond Brokers,
Hayward Building,
San Francisco, Cal.
PARTY will Bell a limited number of shr.res
of stock in a private manufacturing corpor-
ation doing a rood business. Address oox
3472. Call offlce.
FLATS TO LET.
A— HOUSES and f.its to let; an immense list:
Mrvice absolutely free; take advantage of
thit department; It will gave you time and
trouble. Cord«-s Furniture Co.. 245-259 Geary
tt., cii the tquare.
POST, 1339, near Franklin — New modern up-
per flat: 8 rooms-a:id bath; sun In every
room. Key at lower flat.
GREEN, between Lij;ur.a and Buchanan — 3
new flats. 7 roon-.3 and bath and finished at-
tic; marine view. ¦ -
GRF.EN7. 20C3— Handsome sunny upper flat;
marine view; 7 rooms; bath on two floors:
rent $50.
NEW corner flats. 3101 Washington; 7-0 roims;
separate entrances; rent3. $47 50, $57 50.
TEHAMA. 3CC — A nice flat to let of 4 rooms
and bath.
FLATS TO LET — FURxIsHEdI
JESSIE, 544 — 4-room flat, furnished: will sell
cheap; parties going away; rent $12; lower
bell. -,-, /;.
FURNITURE WANTED.
A. WOELPERT, 773 Mission, phone Red 4462.
buys, rents, repairs, packs furniture, carpet*.
HIGHEST price for furniture and mdn«. L. if
ni'RD. wuctloneer.1818 Mkt.:tel.Howard 27SK.
HELP WANTED — FEMALE^
PROTESTANT cook, American family $35,
some wash; 4' German cooks, $30. $35; cook
for 20 boarders. $00: cook, San Rafael $30;
3 cooks American families, $25, $30; 4 sec-
ond girls. $20, $23; cook. 2 In family, San
Mateo. $30; cook. Menlo Park, $30; lady's
maid, $25; housekeeper, country, $25; 2
kitchen helpers. ?25; waitress, country,. $25;
housfgirl for Eureka. $30; housework, Mo-
desto. $30; chambermaids and waitresses,
$20; 2 waitresses, first-class cafe, and 50
houpcgirls, good wages, city and « country.
Apply to J. F. CROSETT & CO., 334 Sutter.
NURSE for Institution. $35. one patient; North
German nurse 1 child $30; nurse for 3 chil-
dren. $30; 3 nurseglrls, ?20, ¥25; call to-day
J. F. CROSETT &,CO.. 334 Sutter st.
A— WANTED— Girls to learn halrdresslng.
manicuring, etc.; trade taught from A to Z
in 2 weeks; ?5 to those entering now; 3 po-
sitions to fill Immediately; positions guaran-
teed at $10 per week up ; leading school In
"West. 233 Geary st.. room 13. !
A— LADIES to learn all branches halrdresslng
trade; manicuring, massage, etc..- 1236 Mar-
ket 6t., cor. Jones, room 04; positions secured
at highest wages; day and eve. class; call.
A — WOMEN to take work home on ladles' and.
children's underwear. 656 Mission st.. third
floor. . .
A — OPERATORS on children's wool/en coats and
Eults; good pay. 63C Mission St., third floor.
A — OPERATORS on lailes' waists; good pay.
650 Mission St.. third floor.
A — OPERATORS on ladles' underwear; gocd
pay. C5tt Mission St., third floor.
A — WOMEN to do embroidery work at horns;
bring sample. 650 Mission St., third floor.
HELP WASTED — MALE-— Con.
MURRAY & READT. «">34 and 636 Clay st.
PHONE MAIN 5S48.
Leading Employment and Labor Agents.
1002 WE GAVE i003 "WE'LL GIVE
40.C0O MEN WORK -' CO.OCO MEN WORK.
Men Wanted TO-DAY for
AIWZOXA. OREGON.
NEVADA.
Southern Pacific and Santa Fe systems; free
pass
SECTION HANDS. MUCKERS." DRILLERS.
Extra Gangs. Teamsters Hammersmen.
MINES TUNNELS. QUARRIES.
Miners, all over State. ?S0 and $S2 50.
Laborers and muckers everywhere. $60, $»5
aid $S° .SO
STABLER," FARMS. ORCHARDS. DAIRIES.
Farm and orchard hands. $30, $35. *4O fd.
Milkers. $30 to $50 and found.
20 choremen, coachmen, gardeners, etc.. $-0.
10 Btablemtn. city, country Jobs, $.W to SCO.
MURRAY & READY,
631-63G Clay st.
SAWMILLS WOODS.
633 laborers, no experience wanted. $40 to
$70 found.
196 mill and yard men. $50 to $150.
365 WOODCHOPPERS. ,„„_
287 TIEMAKERS.
All classes of experienced men for woods,
mills, etc., from $50. $b'0, 870. $80. $00, $100,
$125 to $150 month.
MURRAY & READY. 634 and 630 Clay St.
COOKS. WAITERS, PORTERS.
24 cooks, hotels, restaurants, camps, mines
and ranches, city and country, $30 -to $70 fd.
12 waiters, city and country, $25 to $40 fd.
14 butchers, different Jobs, $10 to $90 and fd.
Second cook, mine. 2 waiters, $40. $30 and fd.
Cook and wife,' ranch kitchen, $60 and found.
MURRAY & READY. C34-636 Clay St.
MECHANICAL.
3 fainter*, stripe, letter, $2 50 to $3 a day.
2 coopers, factory, 20c fare, $3 25 a day.
16 carpenters, free fare, $3 50. $3 a day.
LOCATED EVERYWHERE.
63C laborers and teamsters, city and country;
some factories, mills, warehouses, excavating,
building, etc.: many In San Francisco; lots to
board home, $2. $2 25. $2 50.
Positions not advertised.
COME— SEE.
BEST PLACES AT MURRAY & READY'S.
BIGGEST WAGES AT 634-63C Clay st.
PLACER COUNTY.
IP laborers, flume work with carpenter,
i« carpenters, flume work, fare $3. $75.
Carpenter, jobbing, city work. $3 50 day.
12 laborers, factory, fare $1 50. $fA •
SANTA BARBARA TO-DAY.'
2G laborers, you'll suit. $4.-> and found.
Boy learn cooper trade, city. $3 week.
J lumber Dliers. north. $75.
, , SURVEY OUTFIT.
?> 1 , abor 'r». free fare, N>va«la, $35 and found.
Bell boy. hotel city. $25 and found.
Baker, city, gcod Job, $10 week and found.
ARIZONA^ '
903 MILES, PRESCOTT MIDDLETOWN
ARIZONA. TO-DAY $1 50 FEE^
C slack cooler*. 9c ; 5 cabinet makers.
DIAMOND MATCH COMPANY.
Teamsters, laborers, fare $2 SO $75
TO FRESNO TO-DAY.
15 laborers, lumber company, $40 to $55 fd.
Eoxmaker, city job, $2 50 day.
Machine shoemaker, country, $2 50 day.
Shop butcher, north, ?65.
2 shlnglers. straight work. 70c M.
2 crosscut sawyers, lumber company, north,
$10 and found.
OREGON.
COAL MINERS — OREGON — FREE FARE.
fi5 coal miners, Oregon, $3 to $5 a day.
VERY MURRAY & READY,
IMPORTANT. C34-636 Clay st.
TRY our men's shoes, union made, at $1 and
$1 60 per pair, foot-form shoes at $2 SO. or
orthopedic shoes. $3 CO;best shoes on earth. 11
Third St., Exam. bldg.. 5 dcors from Market.
WANTED— For U. S. Marine Corps, able-
bodled unmarried men. between 21 and 35;
good character; roust rpeak, read and write
Engllih; marines serve at sea on men-of-
war in all parts of the world, on land In our
island possessions, and at naval stations In
the United States. Apply at recruiting of-
flce, 40 Ellis st..' San Francisco. Cal.. and
4O1 K st.. Sacramento. Cal.
"WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkln. Reno House proprietor, has
added 100 new rooms to the Denver House,
217 Third st. ; 250 rooms; 25c to 50c per night.
MEN to learn barber trade; only 8 weeks re-
quired; spocifil ofter this moii%i; catalogue
and full information mailed free. MOLER
SYSTEM COLLEGE. C35 Clay st
PRESSERS wanted at once at M. SIMINOFFs"
1228 Market St.; highest wagrs paid; steatly
work guaranteed to good mechanics.
PENSION" ATTY. M. HARRIS. 40 Elite St.; 14
years' practice: references from thousands of
persons for whom I have secured pensions.
WANTED — Oysterman. Apply 4C9 Seventh st.
Oakland. Cal. » v^,-
BARBER trade taught In 5 weeks. Address
W. C. B.. 647 Commercial st.
GOOD strong boy to work In blacksmith shop.
13*J2 San Pablo ave.. Oakland.
COATMAKERS for country. Apply RE1S3
BROS & CO.. 24 Sutter st.
McDONALD & PERRY have a large stock of
new and second-hand shoes: cheap. 239 3d st.
PENSION atty. E. A. Bullls. room 40. Phelan
bldg. Past Com. Geo. H. Thomas Post. G.A.R.
MAN to do janitor work for tuition in S. F.
Barber School. 741A Howard st.
SAILORS and ordinary seamen for Europe and
AustraKa. HERMAN'S. 20 Steuart st.
WINCHESTER HoUt 44 Third nt near Mar-
ket — 7C0 rooms. 35c nlRhl: reading rooms;
free -bus and baggage to and from ferry.
ALL yize* men's shces. slightly damasH, half
price. 563 Mission st.. tet 1st and 2d sts.
GET your shoes half soied while waiting; 25c
to 5(Vr T>KX MI.«ylon »t.. bet. l«t and Cd sts.
HORSES AXD WACOM. " ;
HARNESS and saddles, the best for the money,
at JEPSEN BROS. CO.. Inc.. the big store.
1145-1147 Market at.. San Francisco,
CART, $10; buggy. $15; wagon. 125; two-
seated buggy. *2."»; horse. $10; saddle, $7 50.
7i> City Hall ave.
FOR SALE — Exoress wason and team. Call
cigar store, 200 Townsend st.
GRAY mare, 12 years old; works single or
double; weight 1200; for $-'>5. 2375 Post st.
MUST be sold at a sacrifice; 5 good horses. 327 j
Sixth st.
Al EXPRESS wagon, light camping wagon and
gocart tor sale cheap. 532 Mission st.
Large&t assortmt 2-hand wagons, buckb'd. sur-
rey.harness.work.drlving horses. 15th-Valencla |
HOUSES TO LET.
A — PRINTED list of houses to let: send for cir-
cular. G. H. UMBSEN & CO., 14 Montgomery.
A — HOUSES and flats to let; an Immense list:
service absolutely free: take advantage of
this department; It will save you time and
trouble. Conies Furniture Co.. 245-25S Geary
Bt.. on the square.
BEFORE moving get our printed list of houses
to let. BALDWIN A HOWELL. 25 Post st.
HOUSE AXD /JARX TO LET.
3-ROOM house; 10-stall barn and hay loft:
near Twenty-fourth and Castro sts. Apply
517 Clipper st.
HOUSES TO LKT— FUHMSHED.
OAK. 419 — Elegantly furnished house; 10 sunny
rooms. 2 baths, larga garden; grand view.
HOUSES FURNISHED — FOR SALE^
CHEAP furniture of 6-room house; 3 rooms
pay rent. 467 Minna st. -~ <
rurnished Houses and Flats Tex Sale.
A NEWLY furnished flat for sale; 18 large"
sunny rooms; well arranged for renting; SC3 !
• and 825 Polk st.; apply S:30 to 12 or 1:30 to j
5; -price $2250.
HOUSES WASTED FUR.VlSHED.
"WANTED — To rent for the winter or longer,
a furnlEhed house of from 0 to s rooms and
(situated north of California and east of
Fillmore: must be in good condition; best of
care guaranteed and highest references fur-
n^hed. Box S511. Call.
LOST AXD FOUND.
LOST — A pass book with the Hlbernia Savings
and Loan Society of San Francisco. In 'the
name of FREDERICK and AUGUSTA
O'NEILL, Nov 2C3-44& The finder will
please return to bank. -
IF the party who found the two liver and
white pointer dogs Bt Baden on Sunday will
kindly return the same to 333 Harriet ut.
will receive reward.
LOST — Lady's watch and fob. between Third
and Seventh, on Market or Taylor sts: In-
itials J: M. S. on case. Return to 757B
Howard st.: reward.
LOST— Oct. 13, G. A. R. ticket to Dubuque.
la., signed A. E. Campbell. Chicago. Mil-
waukee. R. R. offlce. C-'tn Market; reward.
LOST — A black and white cocker spaniel pup;
female; answers to the name of Princess. Re-
turn to 23:ib Broadway; reward.
LOST — Lady's chain- girdle; silver; with owl-
head clasp. Return to 1025 Devisadcro St.:
reward.
LOST— Fox terrier named "Scotch";, white,
with black markings on face. Telephone West
400; reward.
JCwjyiv I IIIJ
There's always lots of juicy plums
For men who'll wo rk, but not for bums.
This paper's Want Ado every day-
Show lots of such at splendid pay.
Then if perchance you're out of work,
And one of those who dees not shirk.
Look through our ads and grasp the plum;
Your duty do, success will come.Within the last ten years there has been
a great decrease In the number of dtrorces
in Prussia. • : V : ; f! y.S" 1 -
Meyer and. Llllle Abrahams to Edgar D. and
Rebecca .V. Williams, .lot. oitS line of Sutter
street. 55.W of ;DevlBadero. W50:9 by. S 113;
$10/?.:. •.(•• -.¦' •.. ¦ ¦-:¦ -¦ • '. ¦ ' - '*¦¦¦'. ¦
-George and Ella M. Breck to Evangeline F.
Busbee (wife of M. O.), lot on E line of Cole
street,? :37!81N of Carl. N 24:10,. E 8O.;S22.
,*W- 62.CS 2:10W: 28; $iav
I and Mary. E. " Vodden • to Martin and
.Meta'C* Meyer.'; lot on E line Of Clayton street,
100 S of Waller." 8 25 by E 10»i:8: $10. ." ' .
¦¦¦¦ Llna *Bens ; (Stoft el) to Gerhard F. or George
F.'vTerschuren.' lot ¦ on ' NB ' corner • of . Clay >. and
Spruce! streets. -E 137:6 by N,127:8Vi; $10.- . ¦
." lEdwardvL.'Eandegren to, Elijah Perclval,- lot
'onjE/llneJOf iWalter* street, 243 N of Four
ieenth/. N ; 25 by . E 125; ; $10, ' .
140, « Central i Park : ' also lot on ' W • corner : of
Eighth avenue and L street, SW 100 by NW
120, lot 109, block 165, . Central . Park Home
stead;. $10. ' ¦ ' "¦-¦; " ' '
- Fstate of David L. - Farnsworth (by Fannie
P. Farnsworth, .executrix) -to Margaret A.
Paul. iS 15 feet of lot. 6 and N 15 feet of lot
7. block ! G. ( Sunset Heights ; $1275. : -•--..
-Fannie P.> Farnsworth : to same, same: $1.
'•' Frank I. and Madeleine Z. Turner. to Hannah
Liebes loP on: N. line of Green street 1 . 93:l«i
E 'of ¦ Devlsadero. E 10 by- N 103; i $10.
¦ M R. and Mary ¦ A. ' Hlggins to same, 'lot on
N ! line . of . Green street. 103 : 1 % E of , Devlsa
dero E 34:4V4-by N 137:6; $10.
Continued From Page Eleven.
j SPECIAL NOTICE : As many j fraudulent
tickets I are being circulated we ; respectfully
warn the public to be cautious when . buying
tickets. Parties i purchasing Little Louisiana
and Little Beneficencla tickets should get them
from reliable agents and see that our'mono
gram S. P. Is on the face . and back of each
ticket. The following are th*» capital prize
numbers - In rthe Oct. 10 drawing as decided
by the ' Honduras National Lottery Co. : - No.
H7305 • draw* ' first . capital - prize,- $7500, sold ' In
San Francisco. Cal.: No. 2V852 draws second
capital ' prize, . $2000, - sold In San Francisco,
Cal.; No. - 81776 . -draws third capital prize,
$1000.. sold In'. San Francisco. Cal.; No. C54S34
wins $500, sold In Madera, Cal.; Nos. 7S40U and
93544 win $260 . each, sold In San Francisco,
Cal.; Kos. 32786, 33277. 60299, 85714 and 95691
win $100 each, sold In San Francisco, Cal.,
and Dallas, Texas. > , •
REAL ESTATE- TRANSACTIONS.
The Little Louisiana Company of
San Francisco.
'.'All prizes of this company are paid In full
Immediately on presentation at the office of the
Company; In San Francisco. - . ' . ..^
$10, 000, reward .will be paid to any person
who has ever presented one of our prises at ouY
office and was refused payment. ¦ •
5 TO THE PUBLIC! '. BEWARE OF COUN
TERFEITS! ! All genuine tickets of this
Company have Initials R. G. , Co. on, faces and
monogram R. G. C. on backs thereof.
are. the Capital Prizes, as decided
by the Honduras National Co., Saturday, Octo
ber 10. 1903: No. 87305 wins $7500, sold In
Ban Fianclsco, Cal.; No. 26832 wins $2000 sold
In Portland, Or. : No. 81770 wins $1000, sold in
Ban Francisco, Cal.: No. 65fi34 wins $500, sold
in Nevada City. Cal.; No. 93554 wins $250. sold
In Stockton, Cal.; No. 78409 wins $250, sold In
San Francisco. Cal. ; ,
This company paid to Anglo-Callfornian
Bank for Calvin Readhead. Uklah, $7500 00 for
whole ticket No. 8893, drawing Sept. 24. 1903,
and to E. A. Lesser & Co., ,126 Kearny 8t,.for
client In Virginia City, Nev., $625 00 for half
ticket No.,638C7, same date. - • . ...
The Louisiana Company of San Fran
cisco.
ORGANIZED MAY, WOO.
Original of foregoing affidavits held by presi
dent of Honduras National Lottery Company
(Louisiana State Lottery Company). ( .
Lena ' Kashowltz. being duly sworn, depose*
and says that she Is bona fide and rightful
owner of one-quarter ticket No. " 55203 of the
Honduras National Lottery Company, whose
drawing was held on Saturday. September 13.
1903 at Puerto Cortes. Honduras. C. A..", and
said ticket won the second capital prise of
(8000. and I received the money in full. -
237 K. * Broad wax*
, .¦».• wusruuiT,
Notary Public, New York Countr.
$2000 FOR 50 CENTS— ONE-FOURTH OV
SECOND CAPITAL PRIZE.
$3750 for 25 cents— one-eighth os*
first capital; prize.
I hereby certify that I. Richard Bradel. 609
Wells st., Chicago, 111., received three thousand
seven hundred and fifty dollars ($3750), ' being
the eighth part of the capital prtz* of the Hon
duras National Lottery, drawn September 1%
1903, I holding the lucky number of 33498.
RICHARD- BRADEL.
Subscribed and sworn to before me this 23th
day of September. 1908.
HENRY BERNAHI* Notary Public
(Signed) SAMUEL ZIPRIS,
Notary Public. New York County.
NEW YORK. Sept. 18. 1903.— I am the bona
fide owner of one half ticket No. 3S49S, Class I.
drawing of which took place at Puerto Cortes.
Honduras, C. A., on Saturday. September 12.
1003. which won the capital prize of $30,000. of
which I received ¦ fifteen thousand . dollars
($15,000) la full upon surrendering th» ticket.
HARRY WHITE.
' 433 Amsterdam ave.. New York City- .
Sworn to be before me this 18th day of SA
tember. 1003.
$15,000 FOR $1— ONE-HALF OF FIRST CAPI
, TAL PRIZE. V j
State of Pennsylvania, County of Philadelphia.
Personally appeared before me. a notary
public for above county. Otto PoMke, who,
upon being sworn, deposes and *ays .that he
resides at .2430 Turner street; f Philadelphia,
Pa., and that he Is the rightful owner of on«>
half of second capital priz« ticket No. 53.29:t.
In the Honduras National Lottery Company
(Louisiana State Lottery), which drawing was
on Saturday, September 12, 1003.
OTTO ,, POHLKE.
2430 Turner street. Philadelphia, Pa.
Sworn and subscribed before me, this 21st
day of September, A. D. 1808.-
FRANK L. RAW. Notary Public
$4000 FOR $1— ONE-HALF OF SECOND CAP
ITAL PRIZE. -
Personally appeared before the undersigned.
Joseph F. O'Brien, who-, being duly sworn,
deposes and says he is holder of one-quarter of
ticket No. 38.498. which number drew th«
capital prize of thirty thousand dollars in tba
Honduras National Lottery of • September 12,
1903, at Puerto Cortez, Honduras. C. A.
JOSEPH F. O'BRIEN.
201 W. River street. Savannah. Cut.
Sworn to and - subscribed Before me, this
September 19. 1903.
JOHN E.. SCHWATZ. Notary Public.
Chatham County, Georgia.
$7300 FOR 50 CENTS— ONE-FOURTH OS"
FIRST CAPITAL PRIZE.
Stite of Georgia. Chatham County.
The subscriber having supervised the atag!«
number drawing. Class- "K." Honduras Na
tional Lottery Company, hereby certifies that
the above are the numbers which, were this
date drawn ' from 10<>,000 placed in the wheel,
with the prizes corresponding to them. •
Witness my hand at Puerto Cortea. Hon
duras, C. A.. tMa Saturday. October 10. 1903.
W. L. CAB ELL, Commissioner.
999 numbers ending with OS. being the two
last figures of the number drawing the capital
prize of $30,000, $8.
009 numbers ending with 82. being the two
last figures of the number drawing the capital
prize of $8000, $S. j
TERMINAL PRIZES.
100 numbers frcm 87255 to 87355. Inclusive,
being 50 numbers on each, side of the number
drawing the capital prize of $30,000. $4O.
* 100 numbers from 2C802 to 26002. Inclusive,
being 50 numbers on each side of the number
drawing the capital prixe of $3000. $24.
100 numbers, from 81726 to 81S28, Inclusive,
being 50 numbers on each tide of the number
drawing the capital prize of $4000, $16.
APPROXIMATION PRIZES.
The following capital prizes were paid by
the above M. & F. Company for the September
12, 1903, drawing:: , Joseph Hawkes, No. 722
Fulton St., San Francisco, Cal.,* $3750 00; J. H.
Myers, clear store, No. 1002 Valencia st.,
Ban Francisco, Cal., $2000 00; Isidore Gur
mendez, harness maker for the San Francisco
Fire Department, No. 1430 Hayes St.; $500 00;
Collected by Wells, Fargo & Co.* 8 Express, San
Francisco, Cal., for John F. Hill. No. 62 Pacific
ave., Santa Crus. Cal.. $500 00.
The following are the capital prizes, as de
cided by THE HONDURAS NATIONAL
COMPANY. Drawing, October 10, 1903: No.
87305 wins $7500 00, sold. In San Francisco,
Cal. ; No. 26S52 wins $2000 00. sold in San
Fwmclsco, Cal. ; No. S1776 wins $1000 00. sold
in San Francisco, Cal. ; No. 65634 wins $500 00.
sold , in San Francisco, Cal.; Nos. 78408 and
03544 each win $250, sold in San Francisco,
Cal.. and Portland. Or.; Nos. 32786, 33277,
60209, 85714 and 95C01 each win $100 00, sold in
San Francisco. Cal.
Each coupon will bear, the \ initials in large
colored letters. M. & F., on the face of the
ticket.
Owing to the fact that numerous schemes are
placed before the public from time to time, we
wouhd respectfully call the ' attention of pur
chasers of tickets to buy only from responsible
agents and to ace j that their tickets read as
follows: ¦ ¦ , ¦
THE ORIGINAL LITTLE LOUISIANA .COM
PANY OF SAN FRANCISCO.
Established January. 18S7. :
The Original jliittle Louisiana Com
pany of San Francisco, Estab
lished January, 1887.
SPECIAL NOTICE TO THE PUBLIC.
Single Number Class "K," Drawn at
: Puerto Cortez, Honduras, C. A.,
Saturday, October 10, 1903. ,
No. PrizfelNo. Prize. INo. Prize.
54 24 186..... 16 198 16
228 24 418 24 420..... 24
432..... 24 437 16 487 40
603 40 647 40 6S3...... HO
747 24 967 24 1060 24
1121..... . 40 1235 16 1246 120v
1253..... 16 1278 16 1390 «1«
1433 . 16 1634 16 1812 16
1832 i 40 1838 16 1810... «. • 16
2006 24 2108 16 2125..... 40
2232..... 40 2262 40 2291..... 24
2206 16 2597 40 2855 40
S003 24 3039 24 3042 4O
3138...... 16 8181 . 24 3187 16
8254..... 16 3406 16 3431..... 16
3441..... ,16 8457..... 24 3475 16
3608 lfl '8067..'... 40 3679.;... 16
3736.':... 16*3964.-..;.— 80 4027...... 16
4207..... 24 4413 24 4526,..-.. 16
' 4579..... / 16 4753.:... SO 4802 80
4930...., 16 4950 24 5002 24
5209 16 5274 16 6308 24
6332 16 C688 16 C700 16
6S46 16 5878 24 6917.~.. 24
B033 24 TOS6..".'.. 16 6100 40
6156 16 6194..;.. 24 6258 24
6319 80 8366 : -24 6493 80
6503 24 C751 16 6799 16
6805 16 6S66..... 24 609S 24
7125 16 7390 16 7400 16
7409..... 16 7662 16 7728..... 24
7767..... 80 7878 16 7957 16
8011...%. 24 8052 40 8111 SO
8195..... 16 8262. 16 8315 24
8508..... ltt 8512 40 86«9 16
8763..... 1C 8779..... 16 8961..... 24
9007 401 9153 80 8289 ' 16
9550..... 40 9698..... 24 9860 16
10066 1C 100S2 16 10140 16
10220 24 10322 24 10326..... 16
10422..... 16 10490 80|10588 24
10639 . 1610765 • 16I10S25 16
10028 24 11142 40 11154 24
11420..... 24 11472. .'... 16 11846 40
11804 24 11065 40)12002 8O
12004..... 24 12085 120(12126 24
12137 16 12203 4012268,.... 16
12338 24 12348 24 12361 24
12367 16 12372 . 4012501 80
12606 24 12664 40 12665 1C
12752..... 16 12787 24 12842 16
12888 40 13271 16 13290 40
13378 16 13398..... 80 13458 16
13517 24 13564 16(13617 18
138(50 40 13882 16>14070 16
14091 24 14110 40ll4208 80
14387 40 14467 16 14503 16
14536..... 4014682..... 8014701..... 16
14857 24 14S94 24 14926 18
15018 80 15043 16 15088 1«
15259 40 15275 24 15311 120
15433 16 15460 16 15493 8O
15508..... 24 15620 16 15834 40
16854." 24 15901 16 16025 18
16128 40 16387 24 16441 16
16462 40116491..... 24 16547 24
16800 16|1€876..... 24 17045 16
17187 24 17248 16 17378 80
17384 16 17535 16 17578 24
17589 16'17751..... ' 24 17761 80
17823..... 24 17976 24 17998..... 24
18015 16 1S035 16 18166 40
18182 40118188..... 24 18292..... 19
18345 24)18397 24 18406 40
18400..... 24118513 . 24 18566 16
18689. 24 18054 24119027 40
19058 24 19196 16)19240 16
19371 80 19455 16 19768 16
19955 24 20190 1620254 120
20208 24 20286..... 80 20399 24
.20433 • 4020522 40 20527 21
20654 ' 16 20887 16 21103 16
21135 16 21384 " 24 21384 -16
21481..... 24 21554 16 21639 16
21734 16121741 24 21883 21
21949 16!21984 40|22085..... - "18
22130..... 24122198 4O|22273 40
22351 1622438 80(22526 24
.22704..... 40122803..... 40)22918 40
22976 16123007 16123042 16
23055 4023081 24 23201 ' 40
23217..... 1623298...;. 24 1 23354 ...... 10
23610 80 23701 - 16T23772 16
23778..... 16 23849...... 16(24068... .. " 10
24244 80]24>S22 40'24S38 16
24889 16 24899 16?24994:.... 40
25067..... 16125091 16!25171 80
25265 24 25313 16'25317...... 16
25320 16 25552 16'25779 '80
26024 24(26095... .. 80128008 ¦ ¦ 16
26191 24 26328 16J26338 180
26521 16:26648 40128724 40
2C755 16J26&10 1BI2BS52 SCOO
27059..... 40127204 16 27443 40
27471 . 40127637 ' 16 27639 16
27674 ; 16J27S95...... 24 28045...... 40
28048 16282S2 24 2S3KT:.... 18
I2S576..... 162SC32 16i2S760..... 24
28843.... . 162S994 16I23179 60
29471..... . 16 29694 16129727 80.
29755 2430068 24(30087..... 4O
80.161...:. 24 30405..... 16J30521 1«
30588 24 31008 40 31000 24
31287 .. 12031321 16(31456 ; 1C
IU568..1.. 4031645 16 31650 120
81680. 24-31736 24 31991 24
32006 2432037 16 32O71 16
32192 1613223.1..... 16132344 ltt
82353 16 32372 . 24132382...,. .18
32497 16 325.10 16!32821 . . . . . 16
32685 161.12701 16132737 120
32786 40OJ32S55 40 32897 24
32928 16132962 24!329«2 16
33154..... 40133258...., -401.13277 • 400
83278 24133287 16133335 40
83389...:. 24 J33309 40133426 16
3.1522..... 40133708 16l3.17.17..... 24
33814 ; 24133895 16 33990 16
34030 40 34003 40 34145..... 24
342S8...,. 24 34429 24[34434 40
34471 80.14508..... 40i3468l'. . . . . ' 16
34747 1634795..... 40134844...... 24
34977 80!3500« 16135.101 24
35340..... 241.15.11:3 24135623..... . 24
35651 . 24135717 40 35814 80
35830 24135894 16l.15.S98..... 16
35970 80M6074 40^56132 80
36144 16I3624S 16136258 24
Sfi342 16136477..... 80136597 40
36654..... 16 38735 24|36949 16
36972 24137273 60137403 16
37442....'. 16137782 16137810 120
37999..... 24137939 16I3S078 24
38092..... 16 39145 40138132 16
38177 803*269 '16|3S297 80
38314 24 38372..... 80 38517..... 24
r.8C96. .... 24138721 24)38723 16
38725: 16 38764 16138924 24
39021 16 39143..... 40'39312 24
39384 16 39449 40 39500 16
39527..... 16 39545 24 39553 80
S9673 161.13926 16 40034...... 24
40041 16140082 40J40238.:... 16
40261..... 24140454 80 40598 120
40750 16)40789 40 40S34..... 16
41329 * 24 41357 40 41367..... 16
41398..... 40 41427..... 16 41670 24
41672 40141711... Y.« 24 41734 40
41796 . 16141811....^ 24 41833..... 80
41859..... 24141889 24 41955 24
42027 16142124 80 42168 16
42181....; 16J42488 80 42804 16
42SS6..... 12O|428927 24143058 120
43062.... ¦»— 16 43135 WV 43249 120
43317..... ' 24 43370 16 43423 SO
43506..... 1643531 1643691..... 80
43797..... 16 43939 16 44033..... 40
44145..... 4044232..... 16 44491 40
44493 16 44650 24 44719..;.. 120
44784..... 16 44832 24 44906 16
44099 1645182 16 45291 16
45205 16 45434..... 16 43505 40
45571 16 45641..... 16 45806 - 24
45831 1643874 16 45940 24
45056 4045093..... 24 46207 ;, 16
46303.'.... 24 46594 24 4RS30 40.
47018..... 40 47059 24 47073 16
47223 8047390 > 40 47433 16
47521..... 1647541..;.. 24 47350 16
47587 1647714..... 16 47726 40
477«8.\... 24 47815...... 24 4S300...., 40
4S352..... • 16 48S20 16 48860 . 21
48863..... 16 4S919...... 40 49120,.... 16
49199.....*- 16 40507 16 49578 40
49667..... 24 49702 16 49996..... 24
.50028..... .4050034 24 50075. ....•¦ 18
60322 2460634..... 40150712 16
50752..... 16 50772 24J5O832 16
61130.."... 40 51157..:.. 16 51264 1C
52072..:.. v40|52126..... 16152174 16
62227..... 16132304 . 16152443 16
02455 16152554 80;f»2584... .. , 24
52SS9..... 40 52905 18152955 18
53520....: 40 53671..... 24 33823.'.... 24
63006:.-... 24 53968 . 16153982..;.. IS
54005..... 16i54034. 40 54045 16
54364..... 16 54591..... 16 54675 40
64702..... 16 54707..... 24 64797:.... . 16
54837..... 120(54797..... 16 5530S.V... 16
55389..... 24 55397..... 24 55506 . 16
55C64 . 16 55668..... 24 55803 SO
56054.'.... 24 56094 16 56172..... , 8O
5«208..... 24 5622S....V- ',40156232...... 24
66323..... 1658702 ' 24l56913.\... 16
BC920..... 16 57278..... 16157475 16
67491 . . ... , : 24 57590. .... I«f57681 . . . . i .40
67609 80 57728..... 24158002 ~ 24
68087;.... 16 58238 24158273..... 16
58295 24:58388..... 80;58444..... ..24
58468..... 40; 58568..... 80>38628. .... 24
58750 185S847 80158910..... 24
58977..... 16 58982.;... 40 58091..;.. .18
6.S993).... 24 591U..... 16159278..... .10
692S8..... -16 5AW7...... 24150494 40
50553 . 2459556.;... 16159623...... <. 16
B9670....; 16159071...:. 16159680;.... SO
59&S8...... 16159701 .' 40159774... ..*- 24
59792..::: 16139848...... 24 l 3n010... .. 24
50fll3... .. ¦ 18 59929..... ,* 80159960..:.. 'i 16
59990..;.. 40I59B96. . . .'. 120J60015 16
60145..'..: 2460252..... 40 60291 24
60299...;. 4001 • • '. ' ,
60413 24 60528 16 60687..... 40
60854. -M« 60883 1660887..... 120
61125..... 18 61129.....* 40 61179. 16
K1229..;.. 8061451 2461705..... 16
61763.'.... • 24 61774...... 120 61802... . 24
62075... .. - 4062233..... 16 622*1 . 16
62322.".... 120 62304, . . . . 16 62512 16
62591 ..... 24 02600.-.'.*. . 16 62975 16
63O97.:.V. 24 63126..... 80 63131..... 40
C3173.V... 24[6325«: ,24 63.124 . .16
634S2.:.;. 40)63480 24 63332..... 24
63588 :.'.... 1663748.;... 24 63781 24
63790..;., 16)63955..... 18 640M 24
64109..... 40(64101..... < 16 84153...... SO
64249.:... 16 64234.'...'. 80 843S3;'. . . . Irt
643flO.r... r l« 64457. 9064«U..... 80
64728.;..; 'R0H4754...:. 24164922. ...i 24
65074...... .16 65120..... . 16i«51C6...,. 2k,
PATENT APPLIED FOR.
NUMBERS
OF THE
Honduras National Lottery Co.
(LOUISIANA STATE LOnERY).
No. Prize. [No. Prias.lNot Prfsa.
65311 16 85473 8O1855I4 2*
65634 2000 83647 4O 68675 4O
«5703 24 65715 40 63833 IS
65947 24 68153 16 68168..... 18
66174 16 66304 40166470..... 24
6«50* 18 66862.. ... 40 6«88C.-.;.. 40)
<K»47 24 87122 24 67132..... .19
67308 1867327 1^87443...,. 24
6i48O.:... 16 67499.1.^. 16I87529..... lft
67603 120 87717 18167743 19
67901..... 40 67949...;. 16 87»«1..... 18
<«0«3 16 6S082..,.». 16 68177...;. 4O
6X230 ¦ 1668334..... 24 68440 40
65473 4068483..... 24 6843S..... 1«
88531 24 68868 16 6S709 40)
68714 24 6S724 120) 68772...... 18
GSS47 1860086 16J601M 40)
60213 80 68257 8« 89288..... 1«
60297 24 60840 24 69732 .40
69743 16(68845 24 6O94S..... . 80
70333 8070353 16 70379 ' 18
70389 16 70431..:.. 40 70460 24
70741 80(70749 16 708OJ 24
70820 18|7e879 24 70813 16
70029 2417GO88 18 71160 ,18
713S5 16171439 80' 71507 24
.71807 4072010 80 72042...... 18
72120..... 24 72136 24 72201 24
72307 -16 72352..... 40 72433 16
72500 16 72529 16 72351 40
72S0S..... 4072S93 4073011..... 24
73028 ; 24 73123 24 73621 24
73789 1673823 18 73827...... 18
73888 16740GO 1674073.. .». 4©
74133... i. 2474201..... 187420ft IB
74210 4074239 40 74381 40
74530 16 74867. 18(74914..... 4O
73014 24 75246 1673274 4O
75394...., 16 73715..... 16175733 24
75774 24 75S64 40|7589« '120
75950 24175082 24;7BO08 19
76020 > 24t7C070 80)76133 4O
78191 24|7649« 24 76623 4O
7C743 167SS02 24i768«50 18
76818 16177010 16J77217..,.. 40
774«3 10)77703..... 40 7775O..i... lft
77705 2477952 16,78120 SO
78183...;. 16J78288 16 7S409. lOOO
78492..... • 40J7S518 1«|78681 24.
78S90 12078827 24(7S96» 24
79238 18[73234 16170262 ' 1«
79301 r 16j7>H7 16J79470 18
794.98 4079533 1617WJ31 • 1«
79712.'..;. 16! I
TO73S 16170854 16 79061 18
79664 11879907 16|«!i>072 1«
80075 40J8007t> 40|S0U3 1«
S0164 161801 fi» 24iS01S.l 16
80265 40t8aK{2..-.. 24180058 1»
80435 16 80554 24;.H05S« -in
80«07 16180049.'.... 40J80t»63 " 8O
80711 16808S2 120 S0897 18
80090 16(81002 24181110..... .18
81233 16J81246 ir,;si233 lft
813O5 40)81379..... 24JS1417 24
81515 24 813t» 4C81571 1«
81674 4OIS1732 24;81755 4O
81776 400TOS1954 40 9U037 16
82044 80iS2147..... 24 82204 'IB
82264 40;S23S5 80|S2497 2*
82503 80iS2312 1B|8234O. .... 1ft
82848 40K2850 40182771..... 24
82018 24, f 83008 16(83131 24.
83280 16;S.'K123 16 S.1442 4O
83480 24 KVTW 24183SS5 4O
83911 ' 241*3021 lftlK&nT ltf
84155 8OJ3416S 24*4231* 80
84270 248404,7 10 84099 8O
84443 8084490 40J*43fl?....: ' " 1«
84545 16J845CS,.... 40(34351 • IS
85003 24 8512S 24 «5230 .24
85280 16185548 40 s.-.f.21 24
85710 40^85711 1H.N5714 4-1
85707 40!S5»WO l«i53X7S 24
86215 1618(348 80J863H4 8O
86570 24 ; 86645 24.88733 ltt
86757 16186763 lrtlSWfQ 40
86883 80!S7053 1HIS708S) 16
87116 16 87188..... 1C ( 87212 24
873<» 300H0iS734.1 40} „¦¦
87e57 16S7B»XJ 18 87706 24j
87770 24i87703 40!.S779» 24
87025 lejSSOSS 18| 88283 24.
SS4C8 24 R8400 24|SS503 80
8S574 16:88802 16 8TO63 IS
89»i6 ie'saie2 leisasns %\
8050S 4089536 40^9631 1«
80040 24(S9700 24iS974« 24
88830....; 16 88K32 18I89932 18
89U73 4W8TO79 4O9O315 18
90823 24 90482 • 4"0;005.T4 16
90944 24J90051...;. 1690082 8O
91049 40010C6 16191241 24
91325 16|9i:ttO S0i91384 24
91403 40191554 16!91596 16
01635..... 80!917:il 16191776 : 8O
91S10 4091944 1602203 • ¦ 4©
92215 8082277 16!92306 4<»
02405 40192489 16|»24»O. .... 4O
92504 1692540 16102R28 1*
02703 16|927'3 24192801 18
02847 4092S71 40i020.S2..... lft
93007 24I9323S 24'9334S 80
93408 12093431 16;03495. ...i 19
933+t. 100093S10 16193948..... 16
94018 ' 40I9425U 16iO4268 24
94292. »... 24'94S06...;. 16194310 16
94356..... 4094427 16I94431 19
94455..... 16,94577 40!&4613 24
94013 - 16I0J7S4.;... 40194837 1«
95070 80195239 40:95273 16
95292 1BJ9B308 SO'.KWSe 1«
05453 .... 40 93802 8Oi»5«)l 40O
0S867 40i0KK« 4<V9flO32 4O
96106..... '. 2496328 1R96418 18
96492 S0067C6 4096713 18
»e808 16!97168 24!973«l 24
97317 16J97417 40'97480 8O
97C54 ie'97B74 16:97698 24
97705 16197742 16197759..... lft
07M2 . 2497859 40[070O8 40
D&021..... 2498027 1698081..... - 1«
98165..... . 18'9S.1U 2408-T80 16
9S476 2498506 40i98558 16
!k-.90...;i 16 08615 8O9S730 1«
9S751 16 98807 80108841 40
98844 2498341 16'980«« 1«
W131."" % 24:99.173 16199429 24
0M4" •-..-• 40199520 4OI90602. .... lft
99735;;... 24 99845 12O!99S33..... 24
99893 16190966 • 161 ,-¦
THE SAN FRANCISCO (CALL, THURSDAY, OCTOBER* 15,' 1903;
13
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OAKLAND nE AL : ESTATE.
CHEAP , LOTsT ~ : "'" CHEAP LOTS]
$5 cash. $2 50 monthly; fine, level lots; soil
and location euperb; price s $7B. '
$10 cash, $5 monthly; level lots in new set-
tlement; soil and location the best; 50x145;
price $150.
$25 cash. $7 CO monthly; extra fine lots, 100
xl22:6; 75 homes Just gene : up; has a great
future;' see them; price $300; will build you a
home. •
Near two electric lines, school, church, wide
boulevard and adjoining East Oakland;' sec-
tion building up with good, substantial peo-
ple; call or «end for circular. . 456 Seventh st.,
Oakland, opposite Broadway station; carriage
free. H. Z. JONES. Owner.
$2500— COMFORTABLE cottage with bay-win-
dow and high basement; lot 140 feet deep;
fine large barn; gravel driveway; nice neigh-
borhood; street work -all done; above San
Pablo ave.: terms if you like. J. S. MYERS
or GEORGE W. AUSTIN. 1002 Broadway,
Oakland. . . -
$2600 ONLY — For a fine cottage • of 8 rooms
fixed for two families; part, rented for $16 50
, per month; b&lance occupied by owner; all
street work done. Apply to P. C. LASSEN
& CO.. 460 Tenth et.. Oakland.
WEST St.. 840; seven apartments; Income $79
per month; modern Improvements; windmill
and tank; $7000. Inquire 907 Grove st.,
Oakland. :.-.• v".
OAKLAND^JPPRyiTURJS POR^SALE.
TO-MORROW the day for bargains In furnl-
turc. H. Schellh.aas. 11th st..cor.store.Oaklnd.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
ANTLERS, 415 Turk St.— Strictly modern, 4-5
room apartments: fur, or. unfur. for hskpg.
CALIFORNIA. 1514— Unfurnished rooms In
private family. :) - '
CHURCH ave., 2, off Broadway, bet. Stockton
and Powell — 3 modern rooms to let for house-
keeping; rent $6.
GEARY, 1432, cor. Laguna— Sunny suite of
rooms; connecting; bath and gas range.
GROVE. 425*£— 2 nicely furnished rooms; stove,
sink; sunny; yard; $S; no children.
HERBERT (The) — Sunny apartments ' for
housekeeping; gas ranges; just newly fur-
nished. 1630 Polk »t.
HOWARD, 1053 — Nice large front room for
man and wife or 2 gents; use of kitchen.
JESSIE. 335 — Large sunny front parlor; house-
kpg. ; folding bed; gas range;- everything new.
LANGTON, 256H — 3 sunny nicely furnished
rooms for housekeeping; private family.
j MCALLISTER, 536— Sunny, nicely furnished
suite: gas range, hot bath, laundry; $11;
I adults.
MODEL House. 1206 Stockton — Newly furnish-
ed rooms. $5-$12; bath; gas; phone../
OCTAVIA, 406 — 3 furnished rooms, complete
for housekeeping; $20.
SEVENTH, 191 — Housekeeping rooms; nice
bay-window rooms.
TWENTY-THIRD. 8726, near Dolores — 3 sunny
bay-window rooms; nice, neat, complete.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia St. ¦.
APARTMEXTS FOR HOUSEKEEPIXG.
EL MONTEREY, the city's newest apartment
hotel, located on the north side of Pine st.,-
between Hyde and Leavenworth; a superb
brick building of Spanish architecture; all
the comforts of housekeeping combined with
the conveniences of hotel life; prices very
reasonable.* "
ROOMS TO LET — Fnrn. and I'nfurn.
A— BRUNSWICK House, 148 Sixth— Rooms
25c to $1 per night, $1 25 to $5 per week and
light housekeeping rooms; open all night.
AT "The Almonte.*' 873 Market st. ' (or No.' 1
Fifth fit.)— Rooms, 25c. 50c. $1, $1 r.O night;
$1 60 to $10 week; house open all night..
BURNETT, 1426 Market (old No. 1364)— Fur-
nlshed rooms, suite, single; also unfurnished.
CLIFFORD, 204 Ellis, cor. Mason— Elegantly
furnished sunny rooms; prices reasonable.
FIFTH,. 119. second flat— Nice • furnished
rooms, very reasonable; convenient; sunny.
GRAND Southern. 7th and Mission — Rooms 50o
to $1 gO night: $1 to $3 week: reading-room.
LACUNA and McAllister. St. James flat — Sun-
ny single room. ; ;-,.-...
JESSIE, 363, east of U. S. Mint— Furnished
rooms, $5 and $6 per month.
MISSION, ! 1055 — Nice single front room;
$1 50 and $2 per week.
ROYAL House, 126 Ellis— Incandescent lights,
reading-room, omoklng-room jnd ladles' par-
lor; rooms per night, 35c to $1 50; week, J2
to $8; month, $8 to $30; elevator on ground
.floor; rooms v*lth hot and cold water; baths.
SUTTER. 622 — Sunny front rooms, with prl-
vate bath; rates reasonable.
THE FALMOUTH. 1O49A Market et. ; furnished
rooms; hot and cold water: elevator; central.
THE Gillesple. 119 9th— Furn. rms.. $1 50-$2 60
wk.; also transient rms., 60c to 75c per night.
UNITED STATES. 123 Eddy St.. near Market—
400 single and family rooms: 35c to $1 night;
$1 75 to SO week: elevator; electric lights;
reading-room; free bus and .baggage, j
WINCHESTER Hotel, 44 3d st. near Market—
Most convenient and respectable; 700 rooms;
35c to $1 60 night; $2. to fC week; elevator;
?lee. HitMs; reading-room: free bus; baggage.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Val»ncla st. . - - , •.
ROOMS A3VD BOARD.
STEVENSON Mansion, 807 California sL— At-
tractive and sightly rooms; best table and
service; lowest rates.
VAN NESS ave.. 1714— Private boarding-house,
home, like, everything .first class; sunny
suites; . single rooms; choice locality*, ref..
O'FARRELL, 30S — Furnished rooms and board
in private family; price reasonable. '
. ' SPECIAL NOTICES. ~
Ladlrs! Chtchester's English Pennyroyal Pills
are best; safe, reliable; take no other. Send 4o
t - stamps for particulars. v "Relief for Ladles"
' In letter by return mail. Ask your druggist.
Chlchester Chemical Co.. Philadelphia. Pa. ¦
. ¦ SPECIALISTS.
CaVaRRhTIdEAFNESS I and^NOISES In EARS
positively cured; new method; 1 week's treat-
ment free. Dr. Ccttlngham. 201 Sutter St.-
SEWIXG^MA^CnitXES AND SUPPLIES
NEW HOME sewing machine, this week only,
$10. $15. $20; slightly used: needles 20c doz.
NEW HOME S. M. CO.. 1051 Market st. x
ACB u AKD J^j^?j^j*ES^
A— EMPORIUM Storage & Van Co.; furniture,
household goods stored, moved, shipped. . 725-
781 Howard st.. near Third; phone-ilrant 161.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage & Moving Co.,' of-
fice Post and Powell sts.; tel. Prlv. Ex. 67L
CONJCLIN'S Storage — Furniture and merchan-
dise. 333 Golden Gate ave.; phone East 126.
.GOLDEN West Storage; advances made; 810
. Mission st.; tel. Howard 041. F. W, Zehfuss.
PACIFIC Storage and I Furniture . Moving Com.
¦ pany,~2320 Flllmore st. ; phone 'Jackson 281.
BEKINS Van and Storage Co.', 11. Montgomery
st.; tel. Main 1840. Shipping at cut rates. .
STUTTERING ¦ AMD • STAMMERING.
MELBOURNE School. Van Ness-Market-rCure
In every case; Individual: teaching; no medi-
cine. Inquire into wonderful cures, home cure.
MABBIAGE LICENSES.
. The following marriage licenses were . Issued
yesterday: • - " s </
• F Cornelius Cottrelir 63, Wheatland, and
Josephine Frassl. 39, 333 Geary street.
. Henry S. Field, 28, city, and Mlsle E. Wil-
son. 25, city. ••"¦¦¦¦ WtWbWWBPfBBiPC
John Peterson, - 32, 233 Third street, and
Anna Anderson, 84, ¦ 1105 Vallejo street.
Francisco Mazza, 21; 22 Lafayette place,, ana
Marie. G. Crudo. -20, 22 Lafayette place..-' .
George Jacobson, 37, 1329 Florida street, sand
Mary E.. Egan, 36, 1329 ? Florida street.
Robert F. Buck. 28,: 2025 Polk street, , and
Amye Christian,' 23.? 1039 Minmv street, y. ,
E.* Richard • Brickdale. 25, 2S16 Golden Gate
avenue, and Sara E. Buck,! 23, 1520 Broadway.
• Henry t J. Hetkes,' 21. . West Oakland, f and
Maud B. Atherton/ 16, Oakland.-- / ¦ -
• Pierre Sahargun, , 32, - Mendota. and Josephine
Doanet, : 19, Mendota. ' . . r . ; '
- John Creem, , 43, > 349 * Harriet .' street. ; and
Hanna Rlardon, 45, 540 Sixth- street. '> - ,<:V
Percy Cllf ton. 2L 812A < Larkln j street, . and
Bertha Fullgraf, 19. 741- O'Farrell street: ¦'¦• :,
William E. Ashland, 23, Berkeley, and Wini-
fred ' L. Woodruff,- 21,- 2657- Howard • street: .-
- Walter ¦ E. . Smith, . 85/« 254 ¦ Turk street, -¦ and
Evelynne Morris, 19, 254 Turk street. ,' • > .*s*S$«»S
¦ Thorvald V. Jensen, : 23. - 578 Howard . street,
and Ellen J. P. Kaae, 21,. city. ¦ > ".>..¦
'¦-"Adrlen"' Poncet," 32, : 619 Pacific'^ street,'*? and
Mathilda Chalx," 18, Mission San * Jose. \ - /
r r Michael J, McDevltt,- 33, clty,~ and Gabriella
V arcsicAL nrsTncMEyrs— can.
BAND Instruments; F. Besson. Paris, maker;
Cue Uaiwald Agt. Pac. Coast. 278 O'Farrell:
ekillfui repairing: 2d-hand instruments sold.
1»EA*CTHTL S-r«<JaI Stelnway upright piano;
Perfect order; sacrifice. Kggge's.285 OT^gtH
BOHMER~BvTt.n Mauzy piacoe Ceclllan piano
• Player. " *pYRON MAUZY. 308-312 Post st.
SUPERIOR violins, either*, old and new. H.
Mt'LLER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
MEDICAL.
£Ai* FRANCISCO 7 ? EMINENT PHYSICIAN^
DOCTOR WHITE
TREATS WOMEN ONLY.
702 MAFvKET ST.. room 7. Phone Red 3321.
Every facility for th* BEST treatment of
. sJl diseases and disorder* of women. Elegant
eanatoriu.-n. Select patients. Strictly confl-
drntl&l. Few within the reach of all.
MRS DR. WTTTTH. specialist for all female
complaint?: instant relief guaranteed; 30
years' experience; removed to 828 Post st.
MRS DR. KOHL, reliable specialist for all fe-
male trouble* and irregularities; Instant re-
lief £ruaractt«d. 100SV& Market 6t.. opp. 6th,
VALPEAVS female pills; best regulating pills
eoid; rrie* $2 50 fcy express. Pasteur's
syringe »r.d tablets; price $2 50. By express
only en receipt of price. OSGOOD BROTH-
PERS, wholesale firugglets. Seventh and
Broadway, Oakland.
i>R. O. ""¦¦¦ O'DONNELL — All who are sick or
In trouble consult this Fjw-clalist on female
complaint*; positively corrected; the unfor-
tunate helped; the most difficult cases treat-
ed; advice free. Office. 1018 Market st.
Dr*. Goodwin, 7«"3 Turk, nr. Van Nees— Expert
in cbftctrics, female complaints; inst. relief;
ircainu-nt $10; hours, 10 to 5; 25 yrs. exper.
MRS. D. ALLEN. 1118 Market— Reliable ladles'
specialist; a private home before end during
cor-flncment; beet medical care; low fees, j
A mat-rnity villa; private; secluded; ronfiden-
tlal. Dr. E. Putike. 1416 Eighth «t.. Alamedv
DR. ROSEN, moved to 21)35 Folsom st.. corner
' SCth; rclit-f HO; ladies' exclusive office.
DR. and MRS. DA VIES and HINDOO HEUBS;
original ir.f.hod of treatment. 112« Market st.
DR. NG TOY KEE. 319 PowpII ft., opposite
Union square; all d'seares cured by herbs.
OFFICES A.\D STORES TO LET.
STORE with large basement; below Kearny
«t-; rent $30. Apply CJti Clay et., room *L
$35— TO Ut; grtxerj' corner: five living rooms;
now vacant. Key, 23<>4 Fu'.ton et.
% PIAXOS AM) ORGANS.
PART of our list of V«xE«Jn» in second-hand?
pianos for September. ltfO3:
Original
Price. Now.
1 SCHUMAN 4- SONS—
Walnut ca.ee, medium fire, 7 1-3
octa%-e», thf'-e fiedals. raised carved
panels, in pood condition $309 $140
1 RICHMOND —
Mahogsrycasf, email eize, raised
carved rar.els, 7 1-3 octaves, three
pedals, slightly used, but in good
condition 300 173
1 SPENCER—
Walnut ca«-, cabinet grand, en-
irraved paapls, three redais. 7 1-3
octaves, good condition - 323 180
2 HOWARDS—
Walnut ca^es. medium size, 7 1-3
octaves, three i>edals. mandolin at-
tarhmer.ts, good condition; each.. 300 1S5
. 1 MOLLENHAUER & BACH—
Walnut case, larse size, raised
carved panels, three pedals. 7 1-3
octaves in very good condition... 850 190
1 NEWMAN BEOS.- .
Walnut case, large flze upright.
7 1-3 octaves, thorouphly renovatsd,
equal to new 350 200
1 LUDWIG &. CO.—
Oak case mpdium *ize, raised
carved tmnels. 7 1-3 octaves, three
pedals, srood tone. In fine condition. 350 210
Com'pJete list furciched on application at
our store. PHERMAN, CLAY & CO..
Corner Kearr.y and Sutter sts.
FERSO.VALS.
A— FACIAL BLEMISHES REMOVED.
¦ Wrinkles, yellow and flabby ekln. birthmarks,
smallpox j lUings and scars scientifically re-
moved without cutting, massage, electricity or
rr.edieines; Fj-ecial demonstrations this week.
• Call or write DR. L. WILLIAMS. 371 Geary.
THE Star Hauir P.ernedy restores gray hair, im-
proves Its growth, stops falling, cures dandruff
and itrbins" scalp; no «taln or stickiness;
cleanses ecalp; at druggists', hairdressers'; ac-
cept no rub*titute. Star Hemedv Co., 1338 Polk.
PATRIOTS desiring President Roosevelt's Cali-
fornia speeches can have same 6ent to their
address by remitting 12 cents. . V. THOMP-
SON, 251 Grant ave.. San Francisco. Cal.
XSKAL'N — ProfesMor Martin, £raduata muaeur
of the Imperial University Hospital. . Vienna.
O'ftce 1S4 Starr King bldg.. 121 Geary. Tel.
Exchange 216
"NOT hew cheap but how good Is the motto of
the manufacturers cf the Rapid Rotary
Standard, the eewing-machlne of to-day. J.
W. EVANS, acent, 1021 Market et.
PHYSICIAN. 15 years' experience, cures per-
«r.ai:ently morphine, cocoalne habit. Call or
adiress Central Pharmacy, 251 Grant ave.,
corner Sutter it.; fee moderate.
RAG carpets wove to order and for sale; also
chenille-wove rugs, silk portieres; dealer In
carptt twine, in tiank or chain, at lowest
rates. G«k>. Matthews. 709 Fifth St.. Oakland.
LIQUOR tabit cured. W» guarantee to curs
the liquor habit in 2 days or no charges.
Acme Lisucr Cure Co.. 397 Market, r. 202.
DRUNKENNESS, morphine and all drug dis-
easr* rrsltively cured by Willow Bark Co., j
lS>3a Polk st.; consultation free; call or write.
DANCING Tuesday, Thursday. Saturday and ;
Sunday evenings at Teutonla Hall, Howard
tt., rear Ninth; management Prof. Foster.
REMOVAL— Lat. W. C. STRATTON has re-
moved his office from 2255 Mission et. to
room* C73 ar.d H74, Parrott bldg (Emporium).
AT leas ihan cent, uncalled for euits. overcoats
arid trousers at CHARLES LYONS'. London
• Tailor. 721 Market E t.
ELEGANT eults on easy installments; 50 cents
and up t>er week. LEON LEMOS. 1127
Market st.. bet. Stvc-r.th and Eighth.
ANDERSON— Elepar.t theatrical and raasquer-
adc costumes rented. 26 O'Farrell st.
SUIT3 to order on inrtanrnems, $1 ppr week.
{Caaba H» & Co., merch. tailors. 727-729 Market.
SUPERFLUOUS fcair & moles removed by elec-
tric needle. Dr. & Mrs..TraverEe.ll70 Market.
THE best place to buy good umbrellas or
have them covered or repaired is 120 Stockton.
TAILOR-MADE suit $7 50; dress pants $2 50.
Misfit Clothing Parlor.cor. Bush and Dupont.
MASQUERADE coFtum»s. play bock*, wigs,
country orders. GOLDSTEIN & CO.. 733 Mkt.
ALFREDUMS Egyptian Henna restores gray
ha'.r to Un natural color; $1; at all druggists'.
EuprCnruj hair and moles removed with elec-
tri'- wi't Mm. &- Mif« Eaton. 1119 Sotter.
P AL *I I STIl Y.
HME. DEVAS— Scientific palmist and attrolo^
girt. Palm readings $1. Hours 10 to 12 and
1 to 6. and Tuesday evenings. 139 Post St.
H. JEROME FOSELLI. scientific palmist. 513
Taylor st . near Gesry. Phone Black 56L
PAPERHAAGI-VG. PAIXTIXG. ETC..
ROOMS papered. $3 50 up; tinting, painting
Hartmann Paint Co.. 310 2d «t. :t*l.Maln 41.1
POVSICIAXS AXD SCnGEOXS.
DR. C C. O'DONNELL— Office and residence
1U21H Market et.. bet. 6th and 7th; particul
lar attention paid to diseases of wcn-,en.
1SLOOD. skin and rectal diseases a enecialt?
t)R. BALL, 1073 \k Market st.
REMOVED— DR. WONG HIM. fcrrb doctor^
treats all diseases of the human body; for
pact four years at 115-117 JIuon; now lo-
cated at CC7 Geary et., near Leavenworta.
CK- TONG PO CHT, successor ' to Dr. Li Po
Tal. berb doctor, cures all diseases of human
by use of hprbs and teas. 727 Washington st.
fcWONG WOO, the famous berb doctor— All dls-
eases cured ly Chinese herbs. 7<0-8 Clay st.
_ TKJCIE^SIJJr. 1^ 8^^' 10 . ?- lJ r PLI1^ s r _
GREAT BARGAINS IN tTpeWRITeHs^W«
sell better machines for lees money tban'asy
houee in the city; rentals $3. The Typewriter
Exchange, S3C Califomia;telepcone Main 26&
A FEW good type writers at $30 each; get par-
ticulars. L. * il. ALEXANDER, 110 Mont-
Eomery st.
2D-HAND typewriters sold, rented. ' repaired.
Vt ebster Typewriter Inrpec. Co.. 508 Market.
ADVnilTlSEMEXTS.
CX-ETOM-Hol?lE7Tian~F7an^^
1903— Notice— Certain goods remaining one
year in bonded warehouse will be sold at
public auction at the United States Ap-
praiser's store on the 23d of October 1903.
at 10 o'clock a. m. Descriptive catalogues
can be had at the Custom-house on October
17. 1&03. or at the time and place of sale.
W. B. HAMILTON. Bpeclal Deputy Collector
of Customs. •
EXTENSION OF PROTEST— CAPTAIN H.
SCIJWEGMANN. roaster of the Elefleth ship
?•Industrie" (N. F. T. L.). will extend his
protest on THURSDAY October 15 1303
at 10 o'clock a. m.. at the office of the Im-
perial German Consulate " in this city : (318
gacramecto ct.). San Francisco. October 15
1903. HEYER. Imperial German. AcUni
Consul.
HEAL ESTATE Cm". — FOR SALE.
$1400— MODERN cottage. 5 rooms and bath;
city water; lot 50x100; $150 cash, $25 month.
MOO— Lot 40x135; near electric cars.
$450 — Cabin. 1 room; lot 32x125. nr. station.
*1750 — Cottage Just built; 5 rooms, bath,
basement; lot S5xlO0; ea*y payments.
$350 — Lot 40X100; fenced; $10 month.
$1500— Cottage, 5 rooms; lot 35x100; easy
payments.
$1200— Houee. 5'rooms. barn, well; macad.
$1500 — 5-room cottage; redwood finish; elec-
tric lights; hot and cold water; easy pay-
ments. ' ¦
$2500^ — A natural park of about 1 acre, with
fine oak trees, ravine and superb views; near
university grounds and new hotel sl*e,
$2500 — 2-story 9-room house, barn, chicken
Eheds, well, fruit trees; grazing land adjoin-
ing; lot 105x207; easy payments.
CHAS. A. BAILEY, 1056 University ave.,
near San Pablo ave.. Wert Berkeley.
N. H. LANG & CO.. 40 Montgomery et..
Exclusive Dealers In Probate and Bank Realty.
$4000 — Stylish, up-to-date residence 1n Mis-
sion warm belt; Just completed; containing 7
rcome and bath, elegant finished plumbing and
hardware throughout; adjoining homes have
all found new owners within last two months;
sold to close partnership account; easy terms
If desired. -
SACRIFICED^ — Must be sold In 15 days; maks
offer: two handsome eunny flats.' 7 and 8
rooms, baths; this property is strictly in
warm belt of Mission; will sell adjoining
lot if desired; street bltumlntzed; lot S3xll7:6
to alley; No. 10SO-10S2 Dolores St., between
23d and 24th. PATTERSON. 11 City Hall sq.
$100 DOWN and $15 month for cottage. 4 r. and
b. on Nevada ave. ! Cottage of 4 r., San Jose ;
ave., $100 down and $12 50 per month.
$350 down and $20 month, 6 r. and b., on
Duncan st P. Coffin & Co.. 2803 Mission.
Bl'ILD on your unimproved realty; we loan
full cost Improv. and part lot at 6 per cent.
MANHATTAN LOAN CO.. Crocker building.
HEAL ESTATE Conntry — For Snl«>.
INCOME paying property; the best frutt and
poultry farm in Sonoma County; 40 miles
from San Francisco, near Petaluma.
Eleven-room furnished house. big barn.
fruit and pouftry houses: tanks and wind-
mills: abundant water; 3000 bearing trees;
arnual crop 20,000 pounds cherries. 4000
boxes apples, 10,000 pounds pears, large lots
of peaches and plums; shrubberies, shade
?trees, large vegetable and flower gardens;
3 acres of asparagus.
1200 hens, highly bred; .white, buff and
brown Leghorns, white and black Minorca?,
white and barred Plymouth Rocks, buff
Cochins, etc
Incubators, brooders, wagons, horses. Jer-
Fcy cows; outfit complete; place In full and
successful operation.
Distant residence of owner compels dis-
posal, and entire property is for sale or
rental to a tenant who would buy the mov-
able property, worth $2500.
L. H. THOMPSON. 452 Parrott bldg.. S. K.
A NICE HOME—
$S00; improved chicken ranch of 12 acres,
9 acres bottom land; 6 miles from "Lockford,
San Joaquin Co.; small rustlo house, new
r>ern, fine. well of water, some fruit and ber-
ries, wood; close to school and free rural
delivery. QUIGGLE. 9 to 10 a. m. WH1X-
AKER & RAY CO., 723 Market St., or
address box 15, Gait.
110 A MONTH buys a 10-acre farm.
Write for booklet: It's free.
WRIGHT & KIMBROUGH. 603 J St.
Sacramento, California. ¦ .' *; >~
IF you want a stock ranch, dairy or coloniza-
tion tract, write CHAS. W. COE & CO.. 45
West Santa st.. San Jose, Cal.
ALALFA lands, stock ranches, orchards,
vineyards; inspected bargains; monthly eata-
lcguea sent free. C. M. WOOBTER CO.. 64S
Market et.
52 ACRES fruit or grain land, near Esparto,
Yolo Co.; cheap. Address E. A. KNEIB, Di-
mond, Cal.
FOR poultry and dairy ranches yielding a good
prrflt. HAMILTON' & KENDRICK. Petaluma.
POIXT RICHMOND REAL ESTATE.
WATER front lots and bargains: all tracts;
traps, photos, etc. BELL. 417 Parrott bldg.
BERKELEf. ADVERTISEMENTS
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
DO NOT PAY RENT. '
5-room cottage, bath, toilet, stationary tubs;
lar^e lot: close to street cars and station;
price $l.%O0; terms. $150 cash, balance $10
a month.
O. A. RUDOLPH.
Open Sundays. Lorin.
HOW IS THIS? -
A 4-room high basement cottage, bath, pat-
ent toilet, stationary tubs; lot 40xlS5; fruit
trees and flowers; close to both ferry lines;
price $1MK); terms, email payment, bal-
ance to suit.
O, A. RUDOLPH.
Open Sundays. Lorin.
BIG BARGAIN.
A new 7-rootn house, bath, patent toilet,
rtationary tubs; large lot; convenient to sta-
tion and street cars; price $2250; terms, $150
cash balance same as rent.
O. A. RUDOLPH.
Open Sundays. - Lorin. *
CHENEY &. BERRY'S SPECIALS. , . "
$7500 — 600 feet on Claremont ave.; will sell
this as a whole or in lots of 100 feet frontage.
JOTt» — Bonta. ave.; hillside lot, 50x175; ma-
rine view; Enap.
Factory site on water front and railroad;
West Berkeley; $10 per front foot.
i;>o.'o — tt-room house, new; near car line;
street work done; easy terms.
10 lots near Grove et. ; $400 to $500; Install-
ments.
0oo feet on water front and railroad. West
Berkeley, for sale; Just the place for a factory.
CHENEY & BERRY,
P. O. Block, Berkeley.
FOR RENT! ; i
$1" — *-nn. houee, 1816 4th st.. W. Berkeley.
! $12— «-rm. house, foot 03d st.. Golden Gate.
1*18 — 6-rm. house. 60th st. nr. Adeline sta.
JIN — G-rm. house. Mason st., nr. Ashby sta.
$10 — t-rm. house, 1310 Delaware St.. Berke-
ley. Water free. Write for list of other
houses. E. E. NEWTON. 2131 Center st .
Berkeley.
tlf-OO— 1 ACRE, near station; cars , and
churches; Just the thing for a chicken ranch.
$2000 — 5-room cottage, bath and toilet; 2
blocks from station; electric cars pass door;
lot 40x120; $400 cash, $22 monthly payments.
s L. J. MORAN & CO.,
2131 Shattuck ave., Berkeley Station.
J. J. MASON, ' T
Real Estate and Insurance Agent.
Choice Property a Specialty.
SE. cor. Shattuck ave. and Center st.
. Berkeley. Cal.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE, 1118 BEOADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
AT AUCTION.
AT AUCTION.
AT AUCTION.
AT AUCTION.
AT AUCTION.
AT AUCTION.
SATURDAY. OCTOBER 24, 1903, •
On the Premises,
At 1:30 p. m..
The Relchling Houses,
- __. At •".*¦>¦..
isorthwest corner Linden and 8th sts.. ' Oak-
land s prettiest residence section.
8 Beautiful Homes,
» » Ixr
„„.. ' 8jArte Single Subdivisions.
Jl? ,'¦ 10 ' n and 12 rooms, bath each; cost
originally $5000 to $11,500 each to construct.
Large Sunny Lots. . i
Large sunny lots with 4» ft. 60 ft., G9 ft. and
.0 ft. frontage by a depth of 100 to 165 feet.
(Note slzo and dtpth.)
Beautifully terraced, above grade of street,
with the most artistic Ftone coping uniformly
arranged around . the entire frontage with
palms and full-grown shrubberies throughout
t>ach garden. For years this half block of resi-
dence homea has been the pride of the city the
personal care of the owner, as one of ' the
finest kept properties In Oakland.
Artistic and substantial, similar, to the
grounds of Golden Gate Park and the Schil-
ling's. Oakland's . water park.
Rentals as an Investment.
As an . Investment property has retained
steady tenants. Some of them have occupied
same almost since construction.
Present rentals are $30. $45 and $65 each.
A HOME LOCATION
Fronting on the only bltuminized residence
street in Oakland; opposite and adjoining fine
block of modern residences worth from $S500
to C25.000; same block as the Havens' and
George W. McNcar's beautiful homes; 3 blocks
of Market or Adeline station; short walk to
Broadway business center; walking distance to
high school and finest primary, grammar. and
private schools in the city, without necessita-
ting children to cross streetcar lines. . . /
One of the choicest, , close In, convenient,
strictly home neighborhoods In Oakland.
AN OPPORTUNITY SELDOM OFFERED.
THE PROPERTY MUST ; BE SOLD.
SEVERAL INTERESTS MUST BE CLOSED.
OWNERS ANXIOUS TO SELL.
NOTE THE TERMS.' -
- One-third cash, balance on mortgago in one
and two ytars. <
To see premises, get permit' at office..
Sale Saturday, October 24, 1903,
1 :30 p. m., on the ' grounds.
Write or call for • catalogue showing photo-
graphs of premises and giving full particulars.
LAYMANCB REAL ESTATE COMPANY,;
BRIM Auctioneers, -~ .-:..-
440 and 462 Eighth St.. Oakland. Cal.
¦ i ii.
Modern house, 9 rms.; stable; Mason & Hamlin
trcan. Before 12 nu, i22 Orange et., Oakland.
Anderson, 29, San ; Mateo. -\ '
Harvey C. Granger, 22,' San Jose, and EUena,
F. Provinas, 18, San Jose, t ,:
• Ted Malone, 21, San Rafael, and Merle L. U
Seller, . 18, 230 Clinton , Park. / : .
t James W.- McElvaine, 47, 731 Folsom street,
and Martha Shaw. .43, -Salt Lake City. ¦
Stephen J. Deeosta, 21, 803 Jessie street, and
Evelena J. Travis, 23, 917 'Market street.
Alberardo Rodriguez. * 21/ 4% John street,
and Jennie Gonzales, 4% John street. '
' Anthony F. Kormayer, 23. 323 Twenty-eighth
street, and Annie Guenzel, 22, 1326 Sanchez st.
. Albert H. Jongeneel. 21. 341 Frederick street,
and GUberta U. Smyth, 18, 2127 Pine street.
Luigi Fastore. 34. ; 636 Bay street, and Mu-
cenzla Scalafanl. 24, 415 Bay street. ¦ ¦ ¦
BffiTHS'-MRRIASES^-DEAm
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mall will not be inserted. They must be handed
in <at either of the publication offices and be
indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons . authorized to have the same published.
BORN.V
LARSEN— In this city,- October 5. 1605, to the.
wife of Louis Albert Larsen, a son.
LUTJENS— In this city, to the wife of Wil-
liam F. Lutjens, a daughter.
WEBB— In this city, , October 7. 1903.' to the
wife of Captain W. Webb (nee Rowland), a
daughter. - " ¦ f
~~MARRIEI>~~
McMILLAN-^-ROGERS— In . this city, at St
. Mary'e Cathedral.. October 14. 1903. by the
Rev. William Sullivan, -Nlel McMillan and
Mary AV Rogers; both of Eureka,: Cal.
WOOD— COHEN— In this city. September 20,
1903, by the Rev. M. S. Levy, Louis Wood
and Sadie Cohen. - .
DIED .— —
Boone, E. Daniel McKay, Walter A.
I Brommer, Dick McLane, James D.
' Cantelow, Adeline tj Mills. Lizzie
Carlson, Nellie ¦ : Mltchel, Ethel J.
Christiansen, Mrs. H. Newman, Arnold
Clark, Anita C. O'Brien, John J.
Cook, Georce Prendergast, Rose
Curran, William . • Redford. Mary J, ¦ <;-.'
Dennis. George . ' . Reed. Mary
Dolin, James A. Robles, Daniel
Donnelly, Ltzzia -Rock, Edna M.
Ecmedau, John Schad, Therese
Gross, Fred O. Trenor, John
Hildebrand, Anna .Valencia, Louis B.
Josselyn, Dr. J. H. Wood,- Edward P.
Jung, Katherlne . ¦ .,- <
BOONE— In this city, October 12.- 1903, E.
Daniel Boone, a native of Kentucky, aged 01
yearfc.
ICTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral UMlay
(Thursday), at 2 o'clock, from Elks' Hall,
223 Sutter street, under the auspices of San
Francisco Lodge No. 3. B. P. O. Elks.
MEMBERS of San Francisco Lodge No. 3, B.
P. O. Elks, are hereby notified to attend the
funeral of our late brother, E. Daniel Boone,
on -Thursday afternoon, at 2 o'clock, from
the lodeeroom. By order
,- JAMES N. ODELL, Exalted Ruler.
BROMMER— In this '. city, October . 13, 1903,
»Dlck Brommer, beloved son of Christina
Warnke, and brother of the late Fred Brom-
mer, a native of San Francisco, aged 28
years and, 11 months. ; ,<, .
S7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Thursday), at 2 o'cloek, from the residence
of Ms mother, 2(>97 Mission street, corner
of Twenty-third. Interment I. O. O. J\
Cemetery- Please omit- flowers. »i
CANTELOW — In this city, October 13, 1903,
Adeline Minerva, beloved widow of the late
„ William Cantelow. and mother of William,
"XAwrence, Charles, Addle, Maxwell. Mary
and Clair Cantelow, a native of Illinois,
r»ged 64 years 3 months and 12 days.
ETTriends are respectfully Invited to at-
tend the funeral services Thursday, October
15, 1903. at- 10:30 o'clock, at her late resi-
dence, 1326 Page street.' Interment private,
Cypress Lawn Cemetery, by. carriage.
CARLSON— Entered into rest. October 13, 1903,
Nellie, beloved wife of John H. Carl»on, a
native of New Hampshire, aged 38 years.
(E^Remalns at the parlors of McFadden.
McBrearty & Green, 1171 Mission street, be-
tween Seventh and -Eighth.
CHRISTIANSON — Entertd into rest, In this
city, October 13, 1U03, Mrs. Hannah Chrls-
tlanson, beloved wife of the late Antone
Chrlgtlansoii, a native of Providence, R. I.,
. aged 61 years 10 months and 12 days. «
(C?Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Thursday), at 9 o'clock, from the residence
of her daughter,' Mrs. -Frank Duf field. 1352
Union irreat. thence, to St. Francis . Church,
where a requiem mass will be celebrated for
the rtjiosc. of her soul, commencing • at 9:30
o'cloek. ' Interment Holy; Cross Cemetery.
CLARK— In this city, October 14. 1903, Anita
C, beloved daughter of Stephen and Annie
E. Clark, and sister, of Alice,. Charlfb,
Stephen and George Clark, a native cf San
Francisco, aced 1 year:-. 7 months and 21
days. •
¦ ¦ ' ' C7Frlencls and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday)... at 1 o'clock, from. the residence of
: the parents, 1347 Stevenson • street. Inter-
ment Holy Cross Cemetery-.v; = '.|sfj.t«s£
COOK— In the City.'and County Hospital, Oc-
tober 13, 1903, George Cook,. a native of Ire-
land, aged 50 years. " .* ... \
CURRAN— In this city. October 13, 1003. Wil-
liam, beloved son of Simon and the late Mary
Curran, ja native of San Francisco, aged 33
y^arts 7 months and 14 days. -
ETTrlends and acquaintances' are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Thursday), at 8:80 o'clock, from the parlors
of McFadden, McBrearty & Green, 1171 Mls-
. sion street, between Seventh and Eighth,
thence to St. •. Joseoh's Church, where a re-
quiem high mass will b« celebrated for the
repose of his' soul at 9 o'clock. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery. : •• .
DENNIS— In Marysville, Cal., October 13, 1903.
George DennH, j beloved son of Mrs. Mary
Barrett Emerson, a native of Decoto, Cal.,
aged 50 years and 10 months.
E^Funeral services Friday, October 16,
1903, . at Decoto, Alameda County, Cal.. on
arrival of 8:30 a. m. train from San Fran-
. clsco. Friends are invited to attend. In-
terment at Decoto, :_ Cal.
DOLIN— In Oakland, October 14, 1903, James
A., beloved son of Annie and John Dolln, a
native of Oakland, Cal., aged 9 years and
8 months.'
E?" Funeral to-morrow (Friday), at 9:3o
o'clock, from the residence of the parents,
412 Fifth street, thence to connect with the
10 o'clock creek boat for San Francisco. In-
terment Holy. Cross Cemetery.
DONNELLY— In Oakland. October , 14. 1003,
• Lizzie, ¦ beloved mother of Thomas Donnelly,
• a native of County Waterford, Ireland, aged
% 58 years '1 month and 2 days.
ECMEDAU— In this city, October 14, 1903,
John, beloved son of Kinll and May Ecme-
dau, a native of San Francisco, aged 5
.' days. -¦¦ ' ¦ ¦ . • - . • •¦•I ¦ , ¦ .
GROSS — In this city, October 13, 1903, Fred
. O., beloved husband of \Adele Gross, and
brother of Rudolph Geonsulowsky, a native
'¦of Germany, aged 41 years 7 months and 24
day*. A member of Mission Lodge No. 10,
O. d. H. S.',\ and Verein Eintracht.
ET Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully , Invited to attend the funeral Friday.
October ltt, at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of-
H. F. Suhr & Co.. 1137 Mission street, be-
tween Seventh and Eithth. Interment I. O.
O. F. Cemetery. Please omit flowers.
HILDEBRAND— In this city. October 13. 1903.
¦Anna B. Hildebrand, dearly beloved daugh-
ter of Alex and Emllle Hildebrand, and sis-
ter 6f . Ernst \Hlldebrand, a native of Cali-
fornia. :¦ .
' 0^7" Friends are. respectfully Invited -to at-
tend . the- funeral * to-morrow (Friday), at 1
- o'clock, v from the residence of the parents,
SC47 Twentieth street. Interment private. -
JOSSELYN— -In. this city, -October 11, 1903,
Dr. J. H. v Josselyn, beloved husband of Ma-
mie E. Joeselyn, father of J. H.- Jr.," Markus
¦.'•¦'¦ L.; Edna '• I. . and ¦-. Georgia C. ¦ Josselyn - and
. Mrs. M. Leisen, brother-in-law of Mrs. G.'. C.
' Barrett,' and brother of B. F. Josselyn, a na-
•tive of Boaton, Mass.,' aged 83 years 4 months
¦ and 28 'days. - • ¦
, E7" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral Thursday,
October 15, 1903. at 1 o'clock, from the mor-
tusry ; chapel ¦ off 3.1 8. • Godeau, 305 - Mont-
gomery ¦ avenue, - thence to Red Men's Hall,
where - services . will bo held under the aus-
pices of ' Sotoyome ; Tribe No. 12, •¦> I." O. of
.- R..i commencing at 1:30 o'clock.—y.
JUNG— In this city, October 14.' 1903. • Kather-
. ine. beloved wife of N.' Jung,' mother of Mrs.
: Marie I Kocour, and grandmother of I Natalie
Kocour, a of County Cavan, - Ireland,
aged 52 ¦ years 10 months and 1 17 days. -. '.- ¦
C7Frlent>s and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 8:30 o'clock,' from her late resi-
.; denee, 1407 Shotwell street,,; corner Bernal'
'. avenue, .thence to. St. Peter's Church, where
. a solemn requiem ¦ high . mass will be-cele-
; ' brated for the • re nose of her soul, coramenc-
-,. ing* at . 9 o'clock." : •:. Interment- Holy Cross
•Cemetery. " ' ; - '
McKAY— In this city, October 14, 1903, at the
parents' residence, "616 < Eighteenth ¦ street,
: Potrero, Walter A.,' beldved-son of Charles
. and., Catherine ' McKay, * and dearly: beloved
.', brother of 'Mary. Nellie; Fannie, - GeneVleve
and Catherine McKay, a native of San.Fran-
- clf-eo. a*red, 15 years 1 month and 0 days..)'
McLANE— A ! . requiem high mass for the repose
¦ of the ¦ soul i- of ,: the .- late .' James • D. < McLane
' will be 1 celebrated atrSt. Dominic's. Church
'- to-morrow =r (Friday), 1 at ¦ 9 : o'clock.^ Friends
I are . respectfully t invited I to : attend. : ... . ,
MILLS-r-In this ; cltv.' October 14, 1 1903, i Lizzie
- Mills.', beloved wife Of Thomas / Mills. . mother
of Velra and Thomas. Mills, and daughter of
7 Mr. and Mrs. .Bernard Connama, a native of
: • Connecticut, : aged 22 'years 4 , months • and 20
MITCHEL— In -this city, .October 13. 1903.
"Ethel Josephine, . beloyed 'daughter. of George
;. and Bertha 'A: Mltchel. i and eister of George
James ¦' McGinn. 'gftKWXJTOr^ Henry Hansen.
.; james McGinn. & co.r
; Formerly iWlth McGinn Bros., ;;
- — —Funeral t Directors and . Embalmers.-
•»-" : "214 .Eddy? St.: Tel.' South ; 576. '»
F. , J. Monahan, - President." \ . ¦
; MONAHAN & CO.,'
"¦¦ : '> ' '¦ " :/ ¦'. '¦: - '-¦ '(Inc.)::\ - : . '".• v :' ? :'~'- '\ -.
FUNERAL .DIRECTOR8 AND EMBALMERS.
,2330-2341. Mission st. Telephone Mission 31.
, ' F, Michel, a native of San Francisco, aged
4 'years. 4 months and 21 days.,
- C7Friends and acquaintances are respect-'
: fully Invited to attend -the funeral services
. Thursday, October , 15. 1903, at 1 o'clock, at
the residence of her parents, • 1012 Shotwell
street. \: , - '.. t^ : ',iy^drt£ gjrj
NEWMAN — In this city, = October 13, . 1903, at
; his residence. . 25C Third . street, Arnold, be-
. loved brother of Morris .Newman, a native
of Hungary, ; aged 30 . years. -
(C?" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral .Thursday,
October 15, at 10 o'clock, from the parlors of
• ' Theodor Dierks. " 957 ' Mission street, and
, thence by 11 o'clock train to Hills of Eter-
' . nlty Ceme.tery for; interment. -• >
O'BRIEN — In this city. October 13/1903, Joha
J. .O'Brien, .beloved son of Margaret and the
late Cornelius O'Brien, and brother of Cor-
nelius A., Timothy, 'Mary, and Annie O'Brien,
a native of San Francisco, aged 23 years 11
months and 20 days.
ETThe ¦ funeral ¦ will ' take place to-day
(Thursday), at 9:30 o'clock, from his late
residence, • 320 Austin street. . thence to St.
Mary's Cathedral, where a solemn requiem
mass will be celebrated for the repose of his
soul, commencing at 10 o'clock. Interment
private in Holy Cross Cemetery. Please omit
flowers. ¦ . . ' -- /
PRENDEROAST— In this city, October 13,
lUOa. Rose Prendergast. a native of Ireland,
aged 68 years. . - ...
REDFORD — In : Alto. Marin County. October
.13, 1903. Mary J., beloved daughter of Wil-
liam and Verel Redford, and sister of Verel
.and Lizxle Redford. a native of California,
aged 8 years and 9' days.*"
¦ (CFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the . funeral to-day
(Thursday), at 1:30 o'clock, from the funeral
parlors of Bunker & Lunt. 2<J«M Mission
. street, between Twenty-second- and Twenty-
third, Mission Masonic i Temple. . Interment
Cypress Lawn Cemetery, via electric funeral
car from Thirtieth street and -San Jose avt-
nue. . >
REED— In Berkeley, October 14, 1903. Mary,
beloved wlf« of the late James Reed; and
. mother of Mrs. ' Mary- Taylor, a native of
County Limerick, Ireland, aged 5S years. .
E7Frtends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 9:30 o'clock, from the residence
of her', daughter, Mrs. Mary Taylor. 1727
Addison street, thence to St. Joseph's Church,
where a requiem high mass will ' be cele-
brated for. the repose of her soul, commenc-
ing at — o'clock. Interment St. Mary a
. Cemetery, Oakland.
ROBLES— In this city, | October 8, 1003. Daniel
Robles, beloved «on of Mercedes and Daniel
Robles, . a native of San Francisco, aged 2
j years 3 months and 24 days.
ROCK— In this- city, October 13. 1903, Edna.
Maud, .beloved daughter of Emma and the
late Robert Rock, beloved sister' of Guy
Hock . and Roy Scanlan. and granddaughter
of Mrs. Rose Laws, a native of Salinas,
"Monterey County, aged 24 years 3 months
and 19 days. *
(CTFriendB and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day -
(Thursday), at 11 o'clock, from the residence
of her icrandmother, 1735 Green street. In-
terment- Holy Cross Cemetery.
SCHAD— In .this city, October 14, 19O3."The-
rese Schad, wife of > the- late William J.
Schad, a native of Hlldesheim. Hanover,
'¦.Germany, aged 72 years. .
, ETNotlce. of funeral hereafter.
TRENOR— In this city, October 14. 1903. John.
, beloved husband of the late Mary . Trenor.
' and father of Mrs. J. F. Turner of Tono-
pah, Nev., a native of Ireland, aged 70 years
3 months and 2 days.
VALENCIA— In this city. October 13. 1003.
Louis Ernest, beloved son of Mrs. R. A.
Valencia, and brother of William B., Alfred
. E. and Josie M. Valencia, a native of Cali-
fornia, aged 25 years 9 months and 20 days.
ETTriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Thursday), at 1 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 701 Post street, thence to Notre Dame
des Victolres .(French) Church, Bush street,
where services will be held at 1:30 o'clock.
- Interment Holy Cross Cemetery, by funeral
car leaving Eighteenth and Guerrero streets
at 3 o'clock. i
WOOD— In this city. October 13. 1903, Ed-
ward P. '. Wood, beloved husband of Ann
Wood, father of the late George and Joseph
Wood, and grandfather of Edward and Cle-
. ment Wood, a native of Catsklll, Orange
County, N. .TV. aged 72 years.
dTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Thursday), at -8:30 o'clock, from his late
residence, 523 ' Second street. ' thence to St.
Brendan's Church, where a solemn requiem
masB will be celebrated for the repose of his
soul, commencing at 9 o'clock. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery.
ST. DOMINIC S "Church Building Association^
The monthly requiem high mass for the de-
ceased members of- St. Dominic's Church
Building Association, and for parents and
'.relatives of living members, will be sung In
St. Dominic's Church Thursday, at 9 o'clock.Attorneys' briefs and transcripts printed rap
.1 y and well. ' il ysell- Rollins, ; 23 , Clay. - ' •
j Children will take Piso's Cure without objec
ition because its taste is pleasant. Drurslsts,25c,*
Men Who Will Wear a Star.
Four-riew policemen who were passed
y the 1 Board of ; Police, Commissioners on
"uesday : night were sworn , in by Chief
Vittman yesterday morning. Their
ames are: E. T. ; Davie, Joseph L^ Bjrow
jtt, Bartholomew Kelleher and William
: . Smith.
The Supreme Court declared yesterday
that. Annie M. Franklin of Los Angeles
was entitled_to a divorce from Thomas G.
Franklin on ' the ground of cruelty The
trial; court refused to grant 'the woman a
decree and she" appealed to the higher
tribunal with successful result*.
Can ¦ Secure Decree.
>. George ¦ A. ,de Quoy, . financial . secretary
of the \ Southern V Pacific ; Coastwise 1 Trans
port "Workers, i i Galveston,' .Tex.v has 'writ
ten Chief "Wittman asking, for, the address
of Anna ¦ Melina' t Thompson » of -this ; city.
He ..wrote that 1 her^ brother'; had:' been- run
over /by .a switch ; engine '( on '.?. 9
and, had lost ibothf'of his ? feet\ and would
probably . lose~ "one : ,. of ;- his c hands. 4 ; : 1 1 "i was
thought -i that the"- accident ¦; might f result
fatally, hence 'the desire, to have his sister
notified. j3@£L»igti|
Wants His ; . Sister's • Address.
Elmer Booth, an^Jactbr,, was thrown
from an automobile early,yesterday,morn
ing at Golden Gate * and .Van : ave
nues. " His injuries, '?¦ which '- were : . slight,
were treated at the : Emergency", Hospital.
Thrown « From 'Automobile.
Taylor yesterday petitioned the
Superior Court to set aside the decree of
distribution of the estate of her uncle.
J. D Taylor, t She says she -is about to
commence a contest of his will on the
ground that the document was - obtained
by undue influence. She 'therefore wants
the estate held intact' until her claims
are determined.
Will Contest "Uncle's Will.
Bay excursion, steamer Sausalltc-,' 75c. Mill
Valley. Ross. San Rafael, San Quentin or Fair-
r 8 ?,-. 400 . 1 , 0 6Oc> 1 ? und tTlp ' Cam P Taylor. Point
££ e «; «1. roond trip; Camp Meeker. Monte
r»'% |2 = Vu * nc Z?' M1IIS - ca^dero. Redwoods.
»2 00. round trip, via North Shore Railroad
(Sausallto ferry). Inquire <S2($ ! Market^it.
Short Sunday Trips.
Edmond Labrousse appeared before Po
lice Judge Cabanlss yesterday for his pre
liminary ; examination on . the .charge of
murder, for shooting • and killing _ Miss
Marie Jordan in front of her residence at
1459 ; Sacramento street on ; September 22.
Attorney Roche," who represents • the de
fendant, asked for a continuance till-Sat
urday, as he would be engaged in ttfe Su
perior ' Court. The request granted.
Labrousse i sat; In .' the 1 dock^ with : his '. head
buried in • his" hands. x .
Labrousse Case Postponed.
United States District > Judge de Haven
-esterday exonerated the" > bonds of TI
*»goy, a young Chinese woman who had
>een captured by . United States Marshal
shine in a raid on Chinatown in 1901, and
iharged with being illegally in the coun
ry.
Her case Is pending on appeal before
he United States Supreme Court, but the
poman, who is young. and valued in the
Chinese market at $1200.- desires to go
tack to, China" and not wait for the re
ult of : her appeal. She was thereupon
ommitted to ; the custody of Miss Don
ldina Cameron of the Presbyterian Chl
tese Mission to await the sailing" of the
text China steamer, on which she will be
leported.
The United States Circuit Court of Ap^
ieals '¦ yesterday dismissed the appeal in
he case of . SIsmund ' Langass vs. the
arkentlne James Tuft, an action for
amages for personal injuries. The dis
oissal was by stlpulatloiC^Mfl||pUfjyB
Martin Benson filed a Jlbel in the United
Itates District Court , yesterday against
he schooner ."Wilbert L. Smith td recover
125 alleged to be due for wages.
Damage Suit Dismissed and Libel
Filed in the Federal Court
, ; by Sailor.
The Occidental Club members are work-
Ing to make their fourth annual enter
tainment and dance to be held at Union
Square Hall, 421 Post street, Wednesday
evening, October 28, one of the greatest
successes ever attempted. The' proceeds
will be for the benefit of a building fund
so as to enable the members to put down
a new floor in their handball court The
committee, consisting of J, J. Condon,
chairman; J. C. Griffin, T. J. Lydon, L.
Cass and F. Griffin, has arranged an elab
orate programme.- '-
Occidental Club to Give Dance.
CHINESE GIRL TIRES OF
."WATTING FOB'" DECISION
. A young girl ' named , Freda . Biermann,
who says she is 15 years old, "was found
wandering about the hills ; on ' Hunters
Point on Tuesday night and taken to! the
detention hospital. She claimed that she
had 'been, in the company "of some boys
from Butchertown, who maltreated ' her.
Chief I Wittman ': detailed detectives upon
the case. - • ¦> jr _¦¦ ¦¦¦¦¦
Misuse Young 1 Girl.
The heirs of the late Jacob Z.\ Davis,
who died in 1895, leaving an estate worth
$1,500,000 to Mrs. Lizzie Muir and Isabella
Curtis,. relatives of his wife, are still bat
tling in the courts for his property. De
spite the f act, that their efforts have met
v/ith defeat in every proceeding Instituted
by them since the will of Davis was filed,
they' yesterday filed a long ; petition for
the purpose of reopening the entire, case.
It Is a petition to determine heirshlp; and
they advance' the ' claim . that ' b. ¦ proceed
ing had in the ; Probate Court in 1896 is
Invalid because of an alleged irregularity
in „ the court notice to the heirs ,to ap
pear , and establish their relationship.
They claim that because the notice - did
not reach the Australian heirs of Davis
the entire proceedings that followed are
.void.
Would Reopen Davis Case.
Another big lot goes on sale to-morrow (Fri
day), for 50c a pair; all sizes; all widths^ every
pair guaranteed to be worth not less than $3
the pair; butt ton or lace, pointed: or coin toes;,
plain toes or tipe fine .Vici kid for 60c a pair;
a lot or children's shoes for 35c a pair; sale
9 o'clock sharp. Busy Bee Shoe Co., 1029'Mar
ket St.. above Sixth. •
Shoes 50c a pair.
Saturday, October 17.
North Shore Suburban Trains (via Bausaltto
Ferry) will run on the following schedule:
Leave . San Francisco for San Rafael, Mill
Valley and Intermediate points— 7: CO, 8:00,
9:00. 10:00. 11:00 a. m.. 12:20, 1:45. 3:15. 415
B:1B, 6:15, 7:00. 8:45. 10:2O. 11:45 p. m. v
Arrive San Francisco — 6:30. 7:40, 8:35, 9:40,
!°ii° »• m-. 12:05. 1:25, 2:50, 4:00, 4:50, 5:50.
«:50, 7:50.' 0:50. 11:25 p. m.
/Through trains for Cazadero and all inter
mediate stations will leave at 8:00 a. m. daily,
instead of 7:45 a. m. Other up-country trains
will depart as at present. •
CHANGE OF TIME.
A .stranger was found hanging from
the limb of a tree yesterday morning in
Golden Gate Park. The police connected
with the Park Station had been searching
Cor the dead man during the greater
part of the night, and found it at
half past 5 o'clock in the morning.
It was the body of an unidentified man.
tvho had evidently committed suicide by
hanging himself to a tree on the grounds
ot the old '40 mining camp, oposite Thir
teenth avenue.
The strangest thing connected with the
iffair is the fact that the suicide, or
iome person'who had discovered the body,
railed up the Park Police Station by tele
)hone last Tuesday night and informed
he officer on watch that a man had
mnged himself In the park. He then
looked up the telephone receiver, before
le could be asked as to the exact location
>f the body. The police, however, made
i search and discovered the corpse jast
ibout daybreak. It was that of^ a man
ibout 35 years old, five feet eight inches
all, with black hair, light mustache, light
lorr.plexion, gray eyes, light eyebrows
ind pointed nose and chin. The body was
Iressed in a black coat and vest,* black
lerby hat, black laced shoes and steel
ffay trotisers. In the pockets were found
i nickel cigar puncher and a bunch of
hree desk keys, the smallest one marked
178," and a thin latch key. A pocket mlr
or In a morocco case with red lining was
narked , "27,633."
Unidentified Man Found
Swinging by Rope
From Limb.
Daniel Deasy of the Irving Scott School
was assigned to the bookkeeping class of
the Richmond Evening School, and P. Dol
man was appointed a regular teacher of
the Irving Scott Evening School. . Lester
S. Melsted was elected a special teacher
of stenography and typewriting- in the
Lincoln Evening- School. ' . • ¦ .
The resignation of Miss Lucelia Burn
ham was V read and referred to the Re
tirement Committee. •
The Board of Education held its reg
ular weekly meeting yesterday afternoon
In the office of President Woodward, who
presided.- Leaves of_absence were granted
to Evangellne Adams. Esther Ryan, Miss
M. M. Kidder and John A. Emery, princi
pal of the Menlo Park School. '
Grants Leave of Absence and Ap
points Some Additional
> Teachers.
BOARD OF EDUCATION*
HOLDS WEEKLY MEETING
The local branch of the Mint has about
$50,000,000 worth of gold bars on hand, be
sides about half a million dollars in silver
for- subsidiary coinage, so that the regular
employes will have plenty of work '. for
several months to come. By that time
Superintendent Leach expects that i the
Treasury officials will be ready to resume
the coinage of Philippine pesos.
The cost of 'coining 2,000,000 pesos was
$50,000 more in September than in August.
From two to four million ounces of silver
are used at the Mint monthly and hence
the recent increase of 11 cents an ounce
In cost is' a matter of considerable im
portance from a financial standpoint.
Last April when the coinage began Su
perintendent Leach found that he^needed
to Increase his force of employes. Appli
cants for positions were examined in
July, but the papers were \ not marked
until a few days ago. Those at thothead
of the eligible list received appointments
and have just commenced to work. About
fifty.men and women will lose their posi
tions. Many -of those affected left good
places to work at the Mint and" will un
doubtedly feel the misfortune keenly.
If the price of silver should advance 5
cents more an ounce the pesos would be
worth more than their face value as bul
lion and would probably be melted before
they could be put into general circulation.
The Washington authorities probably
realized that Government purchases of
silver had much to do with the advance
and decided therefore to curtail the coin
age. - . • ¦:.; .-..- •
Th© recent rapid advance In the price
of sliver has led. the Treasury! authori
ties in Washington to Issue orders sus
pending the coinage of Philippine pesos
at the local branch of the Mint. This
means that there will be a reduction' of
the force of employes and that many new
hands just appointed from the civil ser
vice eligible list will be thrown out of
work.
Fifty Employes at Mint
Are Soon to Be Dis
missed. .
CHOOSES A TREE
TO HANG FROM
MANY WILL LOSE
GOOD POSITIONS
WIIHam Callaghey, aged 15 years, fell
from a horse at Sixteenth street and Bry
ant avenue yesterday afternoon. As the
boy fell the horse stumbled, fell on top
of him and broke the bone of his right
leg. He was removed to the City and
County Hospital
Horse Falls ozx Rider.
Bartholdy told the engravers and Agent
Hazen that he had been sent to this city
by mininjr men in Arizona to have the
work done and that he did not know that
he was engaged in doing anything wrong.
When pressed for the names of his em
ployers he said that he could not remem
ber their names. A charge of conspiracy
to counterfeit will be placed against him.
In the year 1900 Bartholdy wrote to an
engraving firm in Los Angeles ordering it
to copy a 10-gulden note and offering to
pay $500 for the reproductions, which he
said he wished to use as labels.
The arrested man says he owns or, has.
an interest in a hotel at Prescott, Ariz.-
Hazen relieved the prisoner of the weight
Of a 45-caliber revolver and a bowie knife.
' "pon't stop! me!" cried Bartholdy fran
tically. "Don't you see that I'll miss my
train." ¦'- . ' n "'•
, "You'll miss it all right," -was the dry
response of the, secret service man as he
took his prisoner by the arm.
Bartholdy-' came to this city a few days
ago, representing himself to be a mining
man and carrying with him several cer
tificates of stock in mining and other cor
porations. He v visited several engraving
and lithographing establishments in :,this
city to make terms for the printing of*4000
mining stock ' certificates with the ', bank
note in the center, the whole to be printed
upon bond paper of the same quality and
appearance of that on which the bank
notes had been printed. Ellis & Co., litho
graphers, secured the contract and went
to the firm of Roesch & Co. to inquire as
to some detail of the work and' were in
formed there that the- document in the
German language which was T to be copied
in the center of the j certificates was a
bank note and that its duplication would
be counterfeiting. Ellis & Co. thereupon
refused to do the work and notified the
eecret service office. x \
Mr. Batholdy was at^ the ferry at \ the
foot of Market street yesterday forenoon
with a ticket for Jerome in hl3 hand,
but Agent Hazen stopped him. ,-
.. Bartholdy of Jerome, Ariz., Jjut
through . the ; unsolicited interference* : of
United States Secret Service Agent George
W. Ha'zen MrV Bartholdy took the road to
the Alameda County Jail yesterday,
where he will \ remain until the Federal
authorities look into his case.
.' OUR thousand Austro-Hungarian
II bank, notes, each of .the denoml
||—3 nation of 50 crowns, was the road
JI to fortune discovered by D. ". N^
D. N: Bartholdy Gives Con
tract to Print Foreign
Bank Notes.
PRISONER^ WHO IS . BEING
HELD FOR CONSPIRACY TO
COUNTERFEIT.
The grand orator, E. H. Hart, deliv
ered an address on the unselfish motive
which had prompted Mr. Siminoff to make
the gift of the building to the : fraternity,
and he was followed by Major Sherman.
The grand master, addressing himself
to the speaker and to Mr. Siminoff. said
that he would with pleasure dedicate the
new building as requested and expressed
the appreciation of the fraternity in the
State for Mr. Siminpff's practical and
beautiful gift. The ceremonies of dedi
cation were then gone through with.- »
The grand master then Introduced the
donor of the building, who" was received
with applause. Mr. Siminoff delivered a
modest, short speech. In which he stated
that he had been. prompted'. to make the
donation because he believed that in so
doing he could do something that would
benefit the Masons of this. State for years
to cone. He presented to the grand mas
ter r. magnificent Jewel consisting of the
square and compass, with a diamond at
the head of the compass, all within a
square of gold. " , '
Those in the Pullman coaches were. on
the way served light refreshments under
the supervision of a committee composed
of Captain General B. N. Rowley,. Senior
Warden Otto-F. Westphal and "junior
Warden RalDh L.. Hajhorn. ,
The ceremony of dedication took | place
on the steps of the new edifice,' which
stands "in the rear and to the risrht" of
the main building. After the grand offi
cers had been escorted to -the places re
served for them, Samuel D. Mayer, grand
organist, and' the Masonic choir of the
Grand Lodge rendered an anthem, after
which Grand Master O. S. Henderson
briefly- stated the object of the assem
blage of Masons and friends. Past Grand
Master C. L. Patton, chairman of the
trustees of the home; then asked the
grand master to dedicate the new build
ing in the name of Masonry, according
to ancient usages, for the purpose of Ma
sonry. ¦
The Slmlnoff Temple > at the Masonic
Home, Decoto, was dedicated "yesterday
afternoon in the presence of 2000 people.
In the forenoon immediately after the
Grand Lodinsyiad been called off, after
a brief session in this city,' there^was
formed in front of the Masonic Temple
on Post street v a procession of the several
Masonic bodies, which, escorted by a pla
toon of mounted police, moved in the
following order to the Oakland ferry land-_
Ing under the grand marshalship of John'
Tonningsen:
The jrrand marshal, Chi«f Aid Filmer and
other aids; California Commandery No. 1,
Knights Templar, mounted on black chargers,
each wearing the magnificent Templar uniform
and each horse beintj Kayly caparisoned; Ben
nett's Band; San Francisco ChaDter of the
Scottish Rite, escorting the donor of the tem
ple; 400 members of the blue lodges of this
city; the Masonic Home Boys' Band; dismount
ed mecibers of California Commandery, acting
as escort to the grand master and other offi
cers of the Grand Lodce of California and
members of the Grand Lodge.
Th»re were about 750 members of the
fraternity in line. The officers of the
Grand Lodge were the guests of the Cali
fornia Commandery, Knights Templar,
and at the Oakland mole _were assigned
to one . of a special train"" of Pullman
coaches secured for the commandery. All
others went by specials of ordinary day
coaches. There were fully as many la
dles on the trains as there were gentle
men. On the way to destination the day
coach specials took up delegations of the
fraternity at Oakland and other points,
which added materially to the number of
excursionists.
• The committee postponed further con
sideration until next Wednesday at 3:30
p. m.
Ben 'Stern of the Humane Society pro
duced two regular receiejs for released
dogs of which he said there was no.rec
ord. ". .
H. D. Dents testified that on April 11
twenty-five head of cattle were impound
ed and nothing of the transaction ap
peared on Irwin's sworn statement - for.
April. Irwin explained "that he was di
rected to take the cattle out of a field
by the owner thereof and no fees were
collected for the release of the cattle.
Irwin said he had released dogs without
collecting fees on orders from the Mayor's
office from various persons and from A.
Ruef. ; ~ :--:':..' iV V . .
Gunzendorfer produced figures to show
that j Irwin had - caused the collection, of
$10,000 in dog licenses during his term of
one year, against $8991 during one year of
ex-Poundmaster Lawton's term, and
Irwin's administration had been free
from scandal. r : i; : -
Brandenstein said it cost the city $3400
for Irwin to run the pound for one year
and the board had the right to let the
management out by public contract, either
to the Pacific Humane Society or the San
Francisco Society for Prevention of
Cruelty to Animals, each of which offered
to run the pound. -
John Partridge, president | of the last
named society, stated that Mayor Schmitz
had agreed to appoint a representative of
the society as poundmaster, but that
when Its man presented himself with his
official bond he was informed that another
man had been appointed to the place.
"The building used for a pujblic^pound,".
said Partridge, "is a disgrace. to the city
and should receive the attention of the
Board of Health. We, lost the manage
ment of the institution after twelve years
and after we had been complimented by
Mayor Schmitz. Our pound is located at
Sixteenth and Alabama 'streets and cost
us $27,000, and we are ready to carry out
our former agreement with the city."
Frank J. -Kane of the Pacific Humane
Society said his concern 1 would run the
pound if the city would appropriate $900
per month for the purpose. He charged
the Society for Prevention of Cruelty to
Animals with making $7000 In one year,
but this Partridge denied.
Irwin said no "horseback" men were
now employed, because the appropriation
had been decreased, and therefore-roam
ing cattle or horses were not being im
pounded. Irwin promised to submit, an
itemized statement of the expenses of his
office.
¦ Brandenstein said the Board of Super
visors had the power, of ap
pointment to the Mayor, and It could
take it away from him if it saw fit to do
so for economical reasons.
Attorney Gunzendorfer, representing:
Irwin, stated that he desired to protest
formally against any action contemplating
the taking away of Irwin' s position, be
cause he had been appointed by the Mayor
under an ordinance giving his Honor-au
thority to appoint a poundmaster. Gun
zendorfer said no charges have been filed
against Irwin.
The Joint committee on finance, license*
and police met yesterday to . consider
further the proposal to take the manage
ment of the public pound away from JI.
O. Irwin, who was appointed by M;tyo*r
Schmitz, and place It in' the hands of some
humane society. , -
Donor of 'Building Presents
Magnificent Jewel to
Grand Master.
Rival Humane Societies Want
to Assume 'Management
of Institution.
Super visors Still Ooti*
sider Plan to Oust
Mayor's Man.
Dedication of . SiminofiF
Temple Witnessed
by ThroDg".
SEEKING SCALP
OF POUNDKEEPER
MASONS GATHER
AT DECOTO HOME
THE SAN TUANCISCOWCALL; THUESDAT, OCTOBER 15, 1903.
ARIZONA MAN
SUSPECTED OF
COUNTERFEITING
14
_ ITAT^B'S. r. )\ ' HALE'S.
Table Linens: Message
- From Hale's To-day.
65c quality is 54c.
Ooc'quality is 45c
$2.00 bordered cloths are $1.45. . •
Table cloths, $1.45 »" are 2 J4 yards long; pure white and pure
linen. It's a snap. Who'll share it to-day ?
It's a linen message housekeepers will be glad to receive. It
-tells how they can get good qualities and still save money.
There's never any doubt about the Hale linens.
50c Corsets To-day.
/yHSSfamL. 3 popular styles : French model.
}^<^gj£~~*-— -Js^j*^^? medium length ; girdle. ¦
(xj^^<^^^^^^^^ That's good news for lots of
XI^^^^^P^^^ 5^ women this morning.
ffS>S^L £s5l!-~ Girc l!. e at 5 °c— Batiste, pink, blue and
\|£>g* 'jv: x^-rTZT' white; Ince trimmed top and bot-
' J, torn; well boned. Sizes IS to 26.
Jm %^ -T I '" French model. 50c—^Short hip3. me-
w As ) dlum bust: top trimmed with lace
Tt/*.ua-$ *«^~-— W a riobon; pink, blue, white and
.^Iggggg'; Petticoats To-day.
Mercerized sateens.
Great Day in Hats. * 95C> ?1 25 > ?1 5 °' ?1 95 and u p to
•* $4-5°-'
(£A *7E They are the style. We are male-
» ' y v ing a spread of them just now — to
• tl . • , .. ,, show you how much you may get for
is the price of them all yon r money.
J)5c ONES have lap seams. 10-lnch flounce,
.- "deep dust ruffle; black.
(No matter if they, are worth * 1 - 25 ONES have a w-iae* nirne. s-inch
• •> accordeon pleating, five stitched bands
?7 and $8, according to the (more than you usualI y * et for 9i.si).
t-/ v , wuiuuig ivuic «l^O ONES have a 13-lnch flounce, top of
materials and WOrk we which has a 2-lnch ruffle; also 2 ruffles.
— .„¦ 11 Inches, of accordeon pl?atinsr.
* DUt On them.} """ fl.O5 ONES have deep flounce, with folds
* ** of the same material; others with accor-
;', ? ; ;'.y' — '—— deon pleateU flounce.
New; fresh; dressy. / -^
More than a hundred ready for you jfTTl?"^ jT^ J*\
to see this morninK. £So >&f«/ f{ 7 f/
All hand-made, from . velvet chif- jS3^J§^^5 *L£Z&s. 8\
fons silk Brussels net and iets. Many /»» mf^k $&zMm$&
are black; some black and white; fef^-^V;.^ liiilP' S^^S
castor, brown, blue, red and pure Sus***^ I%%%*'£fi3fe&l
white. . . .„ nifimr— '
No better styles. Tliat message
None newer..-
• None more^tempting. | n Leather QOOdS*
More Girdle Chains It: is stirring up ; San Francisco,
—to sell at the same price, 50c. In- Purses of all kinds: Auiomo-
stead of being all white, they're »- r r>i 1 '1'"' r • j
mixed with turquoise blue; six oiles, Chatelaines, Carriage and
strands; good long ones with tassels Wrist Bags, Men's Card Cases,
and a large Japanese bead at each n - r j t>-h d u
end. Cigar Cases and Bill Books on
few pure white ones left, -which you may save half ', some-
S ° C T°h°ese bead chains are thin- iimes more than kal f> and Z et «
ning out fast. If you want one * rett y Wf? as therc are '
it's well not to wait too long. J£ S3 ?£ jSUfS
$1-75 and $2 Automobiles are 75c.
t&U&Z^M/ *ffl Ht $1.00* $1.25 and $1.50 chatelaines
HS&t /m * dK!@& are 50c. Xctsuke bags worth up to
$1.00 are 25c. Definite details are
&W .>.^/>» ~^^ ou^ of the question. It's onlv a sara-
~^mmn^TZJr.zr^^Z pie line— samples of this season's
Market Street, near Sixth. *$& you share them today?
> 1 ADVERTISEMENTS.
ipitil!
J Gorner
I Pianos -
I That's exactly what* • _
.1 they arc, ;
m .Small "enough* for., any
H ' : corner; a new 'departure* in > :
-' , . .-¦the-:' - ;; -V
QUARTER CR AND.
ciMENSIONS:
Grands— Width-^4; ft Punches. >
" —Length— -5 ft 5 "
Ben i- Gurtaz &s ° n
, SOLE -r AGENTS, .
U i to 20 OTarreli Street.
... Branches— San^' Jose.'* Stockton. >*AIa-
*?* * ¦ ¦ S ¦', .- ' meda, - Palo j- Alto, y Fresno.' s I
NEWMAN & LEVINSON.
Iczmj and Sutler Sts. ,
Sale of Table Covers
(Sccoad Floor. Sutter Street)
If you have been waiting for a favorable opportunity
whereby you could purchase handsome Tapestry Table Covers
for less than the usual outlay — these items to-day should
prove very interesting:
Tapestry Tab!e Covers, 2 yards square, fringed on all sides. In o -v
pretty blue, green and red two-toned effects; worth $2.00, special $ !• £ 9
Tapestry Table Covers, 2 vards square, fringed, entirely new de- f _ n
signs, in solid green and red colorings, regular $2.25 values, at $I.5U
Tapestry Table Covers, 2 yards square, fringed, choice oriental e o _ n
designs, in handsome colors; $3.00 values; during this sale at $£.t5U
Exceptional Values To-day In '
VELVETEENS AND CORDUROYS (g££iO
Fancy Velveteens, 21 inches wide, in newest scroll, polka dot and _ _
figured designs, on black and colored grounds, 95c value, at per yd. 7 5 C
Plain color Corduroys, 23 ins. wide, In all colors including black t| nf|
and white, best quality made, sold everywhere at $1.25, our priced I . UO
ClUCAV ITVTVfi CTTJTC the most durable lining silk made — __
SAflbOfl Lwm MLftb Black> whke and col^ per yard 53 C
LADIES' NEW FALL GLOVES (IS»"t)
No need to look further — you are sure to find the proper
sort of Gloves for your new suits in this excellent collection.
Our one-dollar gloves can not be equalled — in style, quality
or fit. Some new arrivals : ;*-v •
Two-clasp Kid Glove, Two-clasp Mocha Pique One-clasp glace Pique
soft and fine, embroid- Glove, Paris point em- Glove, made from se-
ered back, black, white broidery, in new street lected skins, white and
and in colors, - shades, colors, . .
$1.00 a Pair. $1.00 a Pair. $1.00 a Pair.
LADIES' STYLISH BELTS (K^sT)
Ladies* Black Silk Belts, made of best quality Peau de Sole in the __
new effects, with black enamel harness buckles, special at 5OC
Ladies' Belts, made of heavy black gros grain silk, in the very new- cr|
est shapes, with black enamel buckles, excellent value at DUG
We *!so show some handsome Novelty Belb at $1.50, $1,75 and $2.00 each.
FANCY WORK MATERIALS
ARE NOW IN GREAT DEMAND
For the past quarter of a century we have kept pace with
the steady advancement of Art Needlework, and have to-day
one of the largest and best selected stocks of Fancy Work
Materials in the world. Here, you will find only the best
qualities and at the right prices.
Embroidery. Silks in every imagin- Lace Materials for making Batten-
able shade, all warranted fast berg, Duchesse. Arabian .and
colors. \ Point Lace Work..
Woolen Yarns and Flosses of Beads of every kind for Indian
every description, all guaranteed Bead Work, also for Crocheting
full weight. Bags.
Tassels, Ponpons, Fringes, Cords, Pillows, etc.
Lessons given in all kinds of Embroidery, Teneriffe and Lace Making,
Indian Basket and Bead Work, Knitting.Tatting, Netting, Crocheting, etc.
ADVXBTISEMZ27TS.
B. KATSCHINSKI I
Philadelphia Shoe Co.
10 THIRD STREET, SAN FRANCISCO. J
Adjoining: CaU Eaililug-. fj
THE LATEST STYLE I
THE LOWEST PRICE
A combination hard to beat — I
the latest style at the lowest B
price — yet here we offer it to you. I
This week we sell a shoe that N
will appeal to every feminine |§
heart. Neat, new and artistic |5
and yet easy on the feet and gj
durable. Ladies' Lace Shoes with B
vici kid rounding: cut vamps and E
dull kid quarters. Pliable soles g
and extra hi^h concave heels. W
OUR PRICE ONLY $2.1O. §5
Sizes 2 r A to a Widths B toEE. g
FRENCH HEEL OXFORDS I
I Ladies' Patent Leather or Vici B
Kid Oxford Ties, circular vamps a
and heel foxing:, up to date toes B
and tips, turned soles and high R
French heels AND OUR i
PRICE ONLY 31.75. Sold S
elsewhere for $2.50 and $^.oo. |
Sizes 2]/ 2 to 7V2. Widths A to E. I
RUBBERS
Child's sizes, S% to 11 .....23c \
Misses' sizes, 11% to 2 ......30c f
Ladies' sizes, 2% to 8. JJ5c \i
lien's sizes. 5% to 12........ 50c p
B,. KATSCHINSKI
j ' Philadelphia Shoe Co. |
XO TH ntP 8T, San Francisco, t
Itvv h y m Bji II I • D IM \ LI
39 STOCXTO2T STBEET.
Telephone Main 5523.
New goods arriving every day. aa the
season advances. We procure the latest
and best the market affords to offer for
THURSDAY, FRIDAY and SATURDAY SPECIALS
CREAMERY BUTTER, per square. .40c
Keg. 45c. Usual good quality.
MINNESOTA EGGS, par dozen. ..30c-
Reg. 35c. Fresh arrival — new stock.
VICTORIA BLEND TEA, peril).... 45c
Reg. 60c. This new blend has become*
very popular.
Imported Macaroni, Spaghetti, Vermicelli,
and A B C Paste, in Mb pkgs, 2 for. .25c
Reg. 15c ea. Just received.
FRANKFURTER SAUSAGE—
48, 6s; special '. 30c, 40c-
Heinrich Bauer's, Frankfort. Reg. 33c. 45c
SH,tfDDJ) CQCOANUT, per ib 15c
Heg. ' 20c. Nice, fresh, clean stock.
SMOKED HADDOJK, per tin 20c
Reg. 23c. A. & M. Smith's, Aberdeen,
Scotland. * f
RIPE OLIVES, per qiart 40c
First of the season. From the Ehmana
Olive Co., Orovllle.
0 K 60U3B0N, per bot 75c, gal $3.00
Keg. $1.00 and $4.00. Replenish your
medicine chest.
WILSON RYE, per bot........ 85c
Reg. $1.25. Distillery bottling.
GOLDEM RIESLING, per gal 60c
Reg. 73c. - Extra, quality.
BEST TONIG, pir dozen bots... $2.25
Reg. $2.50. From the celebrated Pabst's
Brewery.
FREE DEMONSTRATION OF M. J. B.
COFFEE. Be sure and sample a cup. *•
twaoc 6j**'n.fr*-*^ *****
Erb w^JT *wk bi tfft pfl Bk ilPs
Pale babies become rosy and
pretty babies when fed on
Mellin's Food. Mellin's Food
strengthens.
70 beautifully printed pages of helpful hint*
•bout "The Care and Feeding of Infants.""
bound in cloth, will be sent your free if you
ask for it.
MELLIN'S FOOD CO.. BOSTON, MASS.
• ~ ¦ - •
¦am H 1 1 Tfuf A x? S\M 1 t_J
Exm H99C9 J* C _ rVf CZm f^m
¦an Km
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
Big Spedals
¦ • ¦ ¦ '
18c 98c
Lace ;•; Mercerized
Hosiery Petticoats
I Autumn Pedestrian Skirts I
•i" -•-¦••>¦ • _- — i^
\ WOMEN'S BI*ACK
' iti _ J^- 1 - OVER LACE
I X f* HOSE^-Sbell s patterns. .
I U 0 Double heol and toe.
Fast black.
Just think of the very best pair of
Hosiery that you've ever
bought for 40c.
"Well, that's , the kind - we've placed
on special sale for, to-day at 18c. As 1
to quality. It couldn't s be beat.
... •••i/OCtit
Mercerized Sateen Petticoat
Black and white polka dot effect;
deep ' umbrella flounce, trimmed with .
tailor stitched bands; dust ruffle; a bit
' plainer than last year, but far prettier
, and neater. ' Worth 51.50.
\ Autumn Pedestrian Skirt
: '. A ; splendid runabout skirt In black
and white,' and blue and white novelty
..mixture;. welt seams; tailor stitched
. bottom ; five gores ; full flaring _ skirt ;
a serviceable skirt for the economical
¦y woman . for/, f all • • and . winter t wear. :
Usual price $2.50. \ j
'•¦' Our fall 3 and - winter catalogue , aent
¦;' ' free " on request. • - -"i v
: ¦ Green trading stamps given with
every purchase. • "
1 Mail Orders Giyen Prompt Attention, j
1220-22-24 MARKET ST.
¦ Between Taylor and Jones. ¦•-: