y^ESOLVED, That the California Miners' Association re-
Mfg spcctiully urges the Legislature of the State ofCalifornia
to appropriate the sum of $500,000, to be expended for
the purpose of constructing impounding dams on the several
streams and their respective. tributaries constituting the Sacra
mento and San Joaquin river, systems^- as outlined in the rec
ommendation contained in . executive document No. 98, Forty
seventh Congress,' first session.— Resolution . adopted the
California Miners'. Association Convention.
STATE IS ASKED
TO ERECT DAMS
- "Is • it the disposition of the conven
tion not to listen' to me," cried DevMn
from the rear of the hall.
; : "IV looks as If It * is ' that war." re
plied President Belshaw, arid Devlin
was obliged to take' his . seat and'; not
deliver the address he desired to make.
' Matters' of Importance " to the miner*
were decided upon' after the episode re-,
lating; to the conflicting r'clafxnV'of ithe
hydraulic miners ; and" the . Anti-Debris
'Association \ was at ' an ¦ end.-. A revision
of the constitution "and by-Iawa was ef
fected, by which a practical reorganlza :
tionjwas* had' in :regard v to" : fees,:, of-]
- Dissenting cries arose from '.-• every
portion of the hall and •; the -miners
plainly showed, that they did not de
sire" to hear Devlin. •
the convention.
Continued on Pa ge 3/ Column ' 6.
Continued" on Page 3, Column 2.
Mr. Johnson said that he was speak
ing to a resolution that referred . to the
Anti-Debris Association. He denied
that he in any way represented the
Anti-Debris Association, either aV at
torney or as a member. He came, he
said, as a. delegate from the Sacra
mento Chamber of Commerce. The
particular resolution to which * he was
speaking, as he indicated It, was, with
preamble, as follows :
Whereas, The . United States Debris
Commission,* having Congressional au
thority to determine . what * hydraulic
Hardly had the resolutions .been read
when Grove L. Johnson of Sacramento
rose and secured recognition- of the
chair. He diverted himself of his over
coat and began to *' deliver some re-)
marks, taking for- his theme '•¦ hydraulic
mining In its relation to the welfare of
the dwellers In the valleys . of this
State, through which .flow- ¦treams
a topic to provoke warm argument in
this State. Some of the remarks: made
yesterday on the floor of the miners'
convention were not devoid of heat, or
at least earnestness.
JXESOLVED, That the California Miners' Association re-
J^spectfully urges the Congress of the United Stat'es to
, appropriate the sum. of $500,000 to be expended under
the auspices of the California Debris Commission, for the pur
pose of constructing impounding dams or other restraining
works on the several streams and their respective tributaries »
constituting the Sacramento and San Joaquin river systems, as
outlined in the recommendations contained in the executive
document No. 267, Fifty-first Congress,, second session, and
that the Senators and the Representatives in Congress
from the State of California are hereby specially requested to
use their best endeavors in securing the aforesaid appropria
tions.—Resolution adopted by California Miners' Association '
yesterday.
REQUEST CONGRESS
TO SPEND $500,000
riRil REPLY TO BOGOTA.
Colombia Again Informed That Pana
ma Has Been Becognized.
WASHINGTON', Nov. 13.— It Is
learned here that the Bogota situa
tion has assumed a critical phase, as
far as j relations between the United
States and Colombia are concerned.
Minister Beaupre, on the ISth lnst.,
was pressed strongly by the Colombian
Government to know whether the
United States Intended to recognize the
republic of Panama. It Is understood
that the request was in such shape as
to constitute a menace in the event
that the recognition had fceen extend
ed. Beaupre was Instructed by this
Government to again inform the Co
lombian Government that such recog
nition had been extended to the new
republic of Panama by the United
States, but simply In the Interest of
humanity and civilization, and In con
formity with solemn treaty obligations
binding upon 'the United States. He
also was - Instructed to . tender to the
Colombian Government the good of
fices of the United States to effect a
settlement of the differences between
Colombia and Panama. The reply is
awaited with some anxiety here.
Beaupre, as has been stated, has
been granted leave of absence. by the
State Department, and it remains for
him to determine when he shall avail
himself of the leave.
As an earnest desire of the State De
partment to continue on friendly terms
with the Colombian Government, it is
pointed out that, without bringing di
rect pressure to bear, the department
is disposed to do everything in its pow
er to save any equities Colombia may
have in .the Isthmus^- Thus It is recog
nized as entirely proper that some part
of all matters relating to the entire
mineral- industry, th«-head official of
which shall be known as the Commis
sioner, of Mines and Mining."
:ThIs matter having been disposed of.
the . committee on memorials reported
appropriate resolutions referring to the
death of John F. Park and Dana Ham
mon.
¦Then came, the report of the commit
tee on resolutions,' submitted by E. C
Voorheis. The resolutions were as fol
lows:
Wber«as. ; tfemb«nh!p of.* C^JlfornUn men
th« Rivers and Harbors Committee of the H<w*
of Representatives can be mad* of sreat serv
lw to the Stata of California; therefor* be it
Resolved. That this convention urge the ar>
polntment.of.on* of the members of ta» Cali
fornia delegation on said committee and that
onr, chairman and •ecretarr be. Instructed to
telecraph such Indorsement to Speaker Cannon
having their water sheds partly In the
regions, where hydraulicking is pro
posed. The convention was not sur
prised to see Mr. Johnson on the floor,
for his coming had been foretold yes
terday morning, exclusively, by The
Call. The delegates listened to him
without Interruption for a time. Then
C. H. Dunton, president of the El Do
rado County Miners' Association, asked
him as to what he was speaking, the
question jj before the 'house being the
adoption of the resolutions as a whole.
Judge Belcher of San • Francisco
moved that this resolution be taken
from the report of the committee. " The
motion was seconded - by C. H. Dun
ton. Then Johnson proceeded once
more and spoke in - opposition- to 'the
defense of the Anti-Debris Association
and condemning the resolution In ques
tion. Several speakers followed, all ex
cepting Johnson T taking a view opposed
to his. Finally all the resolutions.^ In
cluding the one referring to the Anti-
Debris Association, were adopted by
the conventlori^as reported by the com
mittee on resolutions, without a dis
senting voice.
• The general subject of hydraullcklng
; was treated In other resolutions. in". the
committee * reDort.^ One of "these- fa
vored an appeal' to Congressfor an ap
propriation^ of J500.000- to . be- expended
under the: direction of ¦ the- California
Debris Commission for the purpose of
constructing' impounding darns or other
restraining i-.works on ¦¦• the', several
streams and their respective tributaries,'
constituting the • Sacramento and " San
"Whereas, This Feederal Commission
In charge of such work. has the best fa
cilities for knowing of the practical
workings of the law relating to hy
draulic mining;. therefore be it /
"Resolved. That thi 3 association dep
recates the numerous and frequent at
tempts of, the Anti-Debris Association,
a private | organization, without either
Government ' or State sanction or
authority, \ to interfere with individual
mines and miners and obstruct as far
as lies in. their Dowers the workings
of the law permitting hydraulic' min
ing in the section referred to by serv
ing injunctions and- otherwise annoy
ing miners who have already received
legal licenses from the United States
Government to mine by hydraulic pro
cess." '" >-;V ;r
mines, in the drainage basins of the
Sacramento and San Joaquin rivers
may legally conduct that form of
mining, having in a written communi
cation to this association stated that
there has been no considerable failure
of any of the impounding barriers; but
a few cases of illegal mining discover
ed; the number of failures compara
tively small; . and that no larger per
centage of debrfs has escaped by
reason of failures of Impounding
works, and
A debate took place yesterday and
resolutions were adopted In the conven
tion of California miners that will be
long discussed. The committee On
resolutions reported soon after the con
vention was called to order. Thepur
pose of the miners to take steps .to
rehabilitate hydraulic mining In Cali
fornia, within the law, as-far-as possi
ble, had been announced. This was re
iterated and emphasized In the resolu
tions that were submitted to the con
vention. For many years this has been
Joaquin | River systems. Another - fa
vored asking an appropriation from the
State of California of $500,000. to pro
vide for impounding dams on the same
streams. These received- unanimous
sanction of the •convention. ¦
.When the resolutions had been dis
posed of, Robert'T." Devlin: rose in the
rear of the haU> for recognition.' He
announced thathe appeared. as attor
ney for the Anti-Debris ' Association
and that he would like to correct cer
tain statements that had been made in
Warm Debate- Takes Place on the Resolution Regarding; the
Attitude of the Anti-Debris Association.
Prominent Mining Men Who Took Part Yesterday in Lively Debate on the. Debris Question .
It wa* decided tpplght by the rail
way company to strt cars to-morrow
on the Kalsted-str^t line. This will
make the fourth llniln'operation, the
cars having been successfully run on
the Wentworth aventt. Cottage Grove
avenue and Indiana* tfenue lines. The
Halsted cars run though a district
where the chances ir trouble are
many, and if this lineWn be success
fully operated the cottany will feel
coiifident of being able \ resume busl
ress in «• very thort trie. The day
waa the moet quiet of fe strike, the
¦bitter weather checkingyhe zeal of
pickets and biockadera. \
During the evening the hikers were
made Jubilant by the recei of a tele
gram from the railway tiployes of
Ean Francisco. j"
"If you need funds dravion us for
d,000/* the message read. \
The meeing lasted until 11 o'clock
and the e:rire ground was gone over.
None cf tie parties to the meeting
would say whit was done, but it is
generally utdentood that the company
etood where it Csood at the commence
ment of the stril* — willing to arbitrate
wages, but tnwljlng to arbitrate the
•"closed shop." theyight of the union to
control the djchrge of employes or
the claim cf the tclon to the right of
oxrar-gl^ff the tirie and manner of
routing cars. \
COMPANY WILL NOT YIELD.
A few days Eince Secretary Job of the |
Employers' Association announced that j
any teamster convicted cf blockading \
the lines of the street car company dur- j
ing the present troubles would lose his
position. The action of the union to- i
night is a defiance of the threat made ',
by Secretary Job. The Teamsters* >
Uriion. which is the strongest labor or- !
pardzaticn in the city, has about 4000 !
members and has contracts with prac- j
ticaUy every establishment of promi- j
nence In the city that has teams of its
own.
PEACE PBOSPECTS GI/OOMT.
"The prospects for a speedy settle
ment cf the Etrike of the employes of
the Chicago City Railway Company
ere not as hopeful as they were yes
terday."
This statement was made by Mayor !
Carter Harrison to-night, after a day
cf conferences between the City Coun
cil peace commission, delegates from
the strikers* union and representatives
of th<? Chicago City Railway Company.
"Whether the difficulty will finally be
edjusted by arbitration. I am unable to
Bay." continued the Mayor. "Every
effort possible v.2s made to-day to have
both sides to the controversy adopt
this means of settlement, but without
satisfactory result. The officials of the
company have promised to 6eni me,
to-mcrrow moraine, a more complete |
elatement of their position than they j
were able to give to-night, but from to- j
day's developments I am not bo san
guise as I was yesterday that they
will agree to the proposition for arbi
tration as submitted by the strikers."
The meeting which terminated just
before Mayor Harrison made hie decla
ration regarding the dubious prospects
cf settllrg the Etrike was held between
the Siayor, President Hamilton and
Colonel E. R. Bliss, attorney for the
railway company. President Mahon of
the union also was invited, but declined
to attend. Baying that he had no power
to settle aiything alone, and there was,
therefore, zo need of his attending the
conference
" Immediately, after the gavel fell the
.reports "of .committees were in order.
W. C.'.Ralstonsubmitted the report of
the committee' on mines and mining.
This embraced a recommendation, that
was included in the resolutions subse
quently adopted, urging" upon Congress
"the necessity of creating a distinct
and separate bureau, under the Secre
tary of the Interior or th'e Secretary of
Commerce and Industry, which will
have full charge of the collection of min
eral statistics of the country, and also
. The convention of the California Min
ers' Association was called to order at
9:30 a. m. by President C. M. Bel
shaw. Many delegates were present.
Conspicuous in the .body of the house
was Grove L. Johnson. \ His general
mission to, the convention was under
stood. There were In the hall quite a
number of the old-time miners, original
members of the California Miners' As
sociation, who have- been loyal to it
during a series of years and appearing
annually at the conventions of the as
sociation. : "
CHICAGO, Nov. IS.— The Teamsters*
Union took action to-night that may
result in one of the most serious labor
equations ever seen in this city.
At a general meeting of the organiza
tion it was decided to order all mem
bers of the Teamsters' Union to refuse j
to deliver any articles to the Chicago
City Railway Company during, the ex
istence of the present strike. It was
also decided that, if any of the team- ,
sttrs were discharged by his employer j
for refusing to deliver poods to the '
rail way company, a general strike j
would &X. once be ordered against the i
Cmcago Employers' Association.
General Onslaught on Em
ployers'Association May
Be Ordered.
It was announced to-day In official
circles that the French colony In Bo
gota had extended its sympathy to the
Colombian Government and had of
fered to contribute $300,000 for its sup
port.:
This message has caused great re
joicing and on all sides are heard
cheers for Germany.
General Perdomo has been appointed
commander in chief of the Colombian
army. He Is positively the best In
formed officer in Bogota on affairs of
the isthmus, having acted in an of
ficial capacity at Panama during the
exciting times there. He was once
Governor of Panama.
Adding to the indignation of the peo
ple and stirring them on in their prep
arations for war Is a cablegram re
ceived from Germany, which "disap
proves of the course taken Jby the Unit
ed States and censures her for her In
terference at Panama." V >.. . "
The note concludes by stating that
"A prompt reply is awaited from
Washington, as the Colombian army i3
ready to march on Panama at once."
EXPECT AH) OF GERMANY.
The Minister, in his note to the Unit
ed States, through Beaupre. says: •
"The Colombian Government protests
energetically against the attitude tak
en by the United States. By the rec
ognition of Panama and the warning
that the United States will not allow
Colombia to put down the rebellion the
heretofore friendly relations existing
between the two governments have ar
rived at such a critical state that it Is
absolutely Impossible to continue dip
lomatic relations, unless the Washing
ton Government should Immediately
give notice that it has no Intention to
prevent Colombia retaking the isth
mus or to extend any recognition to
the belligerents."
DEMA2TDS PROMPT BZPLY.
PANAMA. Nov. 13.— Under date of
November 13, The Call-Herald corre
spondent In Bogota sends the follow
ing:
Official reply was made to-day to the
note presented by United States Minis
ter Beaupre informing the Colombian
Government that Washington had en
tered into official relations with the re
public of Panama. The reply was
framed by Senor Carlos Ricos, Minis
ter of Foreign Affairs, who vigorously
defends his Government and threatens
to march an army upon Panama unless
the United States immediately recedes
from it3 position. That the Colombians
are willing to fight to maintain their
dignity and retake Panama is shown
by the strong support offered the Gov
ernment and the popular approval of
Minister Ricos' stand.
Special Cable to Tie C*n aad Xew TorSc
Herald. Copyright. 1303. by th« New Tor'*
Herald PublisMn; Coapaay.
Labor Situation in the
Lake City Becomes
Critical.
Army Is Ready to
March to the
Isthmus.
Strong Union lids
the Chicago
Carmen.
Diplomatic Rela*
tions Will Be
Severed.
TEAMSTERS
TAKE A HAND
IN THE STRIKE
MINERS IN CONVENTION DEFEAT OPPOSITION
TO PLAN FOR AIDING HYDRAULIC OPERATIONS
Bogota Sends a
Defiance to
America*
JECRETARY HAY and Minister Bunau-Varilla have already drawn tip and signed a hezv treaty for a canal across the isthmus. The Panama Commission which has just arrived in Washington is empowered to ratify the convention.
Meanwhile, startling advices have cone from Bogota. American Minister Bccniprc has been notified that unless the United States recedes from its attitude supporting Panama, diplomatic relations will be broken off forthwith and an
army will march upon the new republic. The Colombian populace is clamoring for war and preparations for the conflict are going forward apace.
HAY AND VARILLA SIGN A NEW CANAL TREATY;
COLOMBIA PREPARES FOR ATTACK ON PANAMA
Continued on Page 2, Column 4.
FBIOB FrVB CE3TTSI
VOLUME XCIV— NO. 172.
SAN FRANCISCO, THURSDAY; NOVEMBER 19, 1903.
_^ V
ChTTf fa Tlf KgpttKsJ" 3*%
IBM *©-I>*r.
Ceatnd—^Dad«y tb« Voter M»T
OoliuuTjh Ttrgtal» K»xasd la
Clranrt "Ttn Sue/*
Orpi*«2a — Vana^Ttll*.
Sb« Clint— ?wtdarda.
Ttrcll — OraaA Oycxs.
, ' TBJJ WEJXZXX*
7ox*east m*dt at Saa Ttu-
Cisco for thirty Tixraxa endis*
xnllairfxt Covesiber 13, 19033
Saa Fr&acisco aad vicinity—
Sola Tbcrsd*7; brisk to fclri
soat&mst irrlsd*.
A. O. XeAOXB,
District 7oncMttr.
The San Francisco Call.
PresidentBelshaw
Is Re-elected :
to Office.
Weighty Matters
Acted Upon by
Delegates.WASHINGTON. Nov. IS.— Sir Chen Tun*
LJang Chen*, the Chinese Minister, to-rlay re
ceived a cablegram from h!» Government an
nouncing the completion of the first section off
the railroad belnr built from Canton to Han
kow.
KANSAS CITY. Mo., Nov. 13.— A man
supposed to be Elmer Boons of Salinas,
Cal., committed suicide In this city to
night by throwing himself In front of a
moving train. Transportation to Califor
nia and letters in his pockets indicating
his Identity were found.
Falls Before Moving Train.
DENVER. Nov. 13.— Rev. Felix M. Le
pore, pastor of Mount Carmel Catholic
Church, and another Italian named Joe
Sorici was fatally wounded at 0:30 o'clock
to-night In a duel supposed to have arisen
over a card game they were playing in
the priest's ! apartments in the churda
building. Father Lepore was shot twice
in the abdomen and once in the face and
Sorici was shot once In the abdomen.
There appears to have been no eye
witnesses to the affair, and all those who
were near the scene are very reticent.
Both men were taken to St Joseph'3
Hospital, where It la said they cannot re
cover. ~ » .
Both Beceive Bullet Wounds From
Which They Cannot Be
covcr.
PBTEST AND COMRADE
FIGHT A FATAI. DTTEL
Wild Geese Iiose Their Bearings.
I COLUSA, Nov. 18.— Thousands of
wild geese are circling over town to
night, making the air. ring with their
cries. A heavy mist is falling and the
geese while flying over the town be
came bewildered and lost their bear
ings. The reflection of the electric
lights in the streets has caused them
to keep flying back and forth.
Bunau-Varilla, the Minister of the new
republic of Panama . to the United
States, who announced that he would
negotiate a canal treaty with the
United States based on the Hay-Her
ran treaty, but more advantageous to
the United States.
The fact of Jusserand's reception of
the Panama Minister should not be
taken as a final act of recognition of
the republic of Panama, as the For
eign Office's position Is unchanged from
that previously reported.
Beyes on Way to Isthmus.
COLON. Nov. 18.— Information has
been received here, it is said, that Gen
eral Reyes and other Colombian gen
erals arrived at Honda, on the left bank
of the Magdalena River, yesterday on
their way to the Isthmus. A steamer
from coast points Is expected to arrive
here to-morrow. The battleship Maine
returned to Colon to-day.
TVILLIAMSTOWN. Mass. Nov. IS.— A p«
culiar Illness, accompanied by high fever has
prostrated a number of students at Williams
College. -These are now in the infirmary. The
college authorities are endeavoring to ascer
tain the cause of tho epidemic.
DENVER, Nov. IS.— Governor Pea
body announced .to-night that he had
been appealed to for troops by the
mine owners in the Telluride district,
where a strike of the metalliferous min
ers has been in progress for some
time, and that he had asked President
Roosevelt to send the regulars from
Fort Logan. He said that if the Presi
dent refused he would order some of
the State guard to Telluride to-mor
row. It is understood that the mine
owners desire to start their mines with
non-union men and are afraid that
trouble will follow unless guards are
supplied.
SALT LAKE. Nov. 13.— A large pro
portion of the coal miners employed at
Castle Gate. Utah, decided to-night to
go on a strike in sympathy with the
miners in Colorado and elsewhere. The
exact number who will obey the order
will not be known until to-morrow,
when the strike order is to take effect.
The outlook to-night Is that a major
ity of the men will go out and that in
such an event the strike will spread to
all the principal coal mines in Utah.
This means not only the cutting off of
the supply for Utah and other inter
mountain States, but the curtailment o£
the supply for San Francisco and th>
Pacific Coast and the shutting off of
shipments to Colorado and other strike
districts.
The Utah Fuel Company, controlling
practically all the Utah mines. Is un
der contract to supply the Southern
Pacific with not ess than 1000 tons of
coal a day. Tins contract has "been
running as high as 3000 ton«i besides
the coal shipped to thecoast'for com
mercial purposes. Should there be a
general strike this supply will be cut
off. At present about one- third of the
miners at Sunnysld* are out, although
the company claims to have madn «oma
gains there. ' .•¦
Special Dispatch to Tfc» Call.
Spread of Strike in Utah Endangers
the Fuel Supply of Califor
nia and Other Coast
States.
Mine Owners Will Resume
Operations With Non-
Union Men.
The contention made by counsel for
the Mercantile Trust Company Is that,
under the terms of the deed of trust,
the petitioners' right to foreclose has
become absolute, without waiting for
a continuance of the defaulted period
provided In the mortgage itself, in re
spect to the failure to perform condi
tions therefor.
Counsel for the receiver reply that
action leading to the appointment of
the present receiver was Instituted by
the creditors and stockholders of the
shipbuilding company in order to pro
tect the concern against alleged fraud
ulent acts In which the Mercantile
Trust Company and the alleged bond
holders whom it was said to represent
participated.
The World to-morrow will say that
It has verified the report that negotia
tions are In progress for a settlement
of the shipbuilding company contro
versy and that a settlement was vir
tually reached to-day. The terms of
the settlement, as stated by the World,
are as follows:
First— That William B. Guthrie, coun
sel for Charles M. Schwab. Max Para
and the shipbuilding company, will
confess judgment in the case.
Second— That the legal fees and other
expenses attendant upon the enormous
amount of litigation which the com
plaining first mortgage bondholders
were put to will be paid by the Schwab
party. These expenses are said to
amount to perhaps $150,000.
Third— That the holdings of the com
plaining bondholders who wish to sell
their bonds will be purchased on a basis
of $90.
These bonds have recently sold in
the market for $14.
YORK, Nov. 18.— Prompt re-
Joinder to the strictures of the receiver
of the United States Shipbuilding Com
pany has come in the form of an ef
fort to oust former Senator Smith from
that position. At Trenton to-day a
rule to show cause why another re
ceiver should not be appointed was
granted by Judge Kirkpatrick upon pe
tition of the Mercantile Trust Company
of this city. The rule to show cause is
returnable 1 at Newark on November 24.
Special Dispatch to The Call
Warring Stockholders Said
to Have Agreed Upon
Peace Terms.
Governor Asks Presi
dent to Send Troops
to Telluride.
New Legal Move in the
Shipyards Trust
Controversy.
COLORADO
CALLS FOR
REGULARS
TRYING TO OUST
RECEIVER SMITH
TREATY GIVES UNITED STATES SOVEREIGNTY OVER THE CANAL
Even the Cities of Colon and Panama Come
Under the Control of This Government
Itching. Blind, Bleeding or Protruding Piles.
Tour druggist, will refund money if Paro
Ointment falls to cure you In C to 14 days. 00c*,
A Guaranteed Cure for Files.
WASHINGTON. Nov. 18— Samuel F. Phil
lips. Solicitor General of the United States
under • Presidents ; Grant. Hayes, » Garfleld ¦ and
Arthur, died here to-day, aged 79 yean, > •
PARIS, Nov. 18.— Jusserand, the H
French ; embassador at : Washington. I (
haa reported to the. Foreign Office that I <
he : : had a^ conference yesterday with 1 J
Withholds Final Recognition of ' the
Panama Republic.
FRENCH ATTITUDE THE SAME.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 18.— The Amer
ican Charge at Caracas to-day cabled
the State Department giving advices of
the formation of a new Venezuelan
Cabinet. Gustavo J. Sanarvia is Min
ister of Foreign Affairs.
Venezuela's New Cabinet.
PANAMA, Nov. 18 .—Several munici
palities of the republic of Panama are
following the example of Panama In
declaring Dr. Amador their : "favorite
son.'V His * great ; popularity and pres
tige among air classes make his friends
believe that he ; will be the first Presi
dent of Panama.
- The junta has appointed Belica Por
AMADOR MAY BE PRESIDENT.
Enjoys Great Popularity and Prestige
Among All -Classes..
- MEXICO CITY, Nov. 18.— A fire is
raging In the best po'rtlon of the city of
Vera Cruz. Four blocks have already
been destroyed. A strong norther is
blowing, driving the flames toward the
center of the city. No details are yet
obtainable. .. .. _.
Pour Blocks Are Destroyed and the
Flames Are Not Yet Under
. . Control.
ITBE DEVASTATING THE
CITY OF VESA CRTJZ
JIBUTAL, French Somaliland, Nov
18.— The United States Abyssinian ex
pedition headed by Consul General
Skinner, which reached here yesterday
on the United States gunboat Machias,
landed immediately upon arrival. The
party will leave to-morrow by rail for
Adis Abeba, the capital of Abyssinia.
The Governor gave a dinner and re
ception to-night in honor of the Ameri
cans. The French authorities here cor
dially greeted the members of the ex
pedition. The United States flag was
floating from the Government house
and from many buildings in the city.
Skinner's Overland Journey to King
Menelik's Capital Will Begin.
To-Day. ; - ;
FBENCH IN SOMAUXAirD
', EUTERTAENT AMERICANS
.Stolen bases — Roes. Raymond, Corbett,
Blake, TCadeau. Error* — Smith, Raymond.
Eager. Corbett, Freeman. Nadeau. Two-base
Jilt*— Rosa, Cfcrbett, Nadeau, Eager. Saertflce
lilt— Hoy. Flnst base on error*— Portland, 2
First baae on balls — Off Corbett. 3; oS Butler
«.- Struck out — By Corbett. 6: by Butler. 3.
L«ft on bases — Portland, 6: Los Angeles, 4.
Double plays — WheeJer to Raymond to Dillon
(I) ; • Anderson to Freeman. Hit by pitcher
Butler, Nadeau. Paesed ball — Eager. Time of
tame — 1:40. Umpire — Buck Francks.
SUMMARY.
RCJCS AXD HITS BY INNINGS.
Loo Ax.re>s ....0 4 0 0 10 0 0 x— S
Base bit* 1 4 0 12 0 12 x— 11
Portland 1 O 2 O O 0 0 O 0—3
Baa* hit* 1 0 2 0 110 0 1 6
Totals. 82 6 11 27 13' Totals. 31 8 6 24 0
LOS AN'GELES, Nov. 18. — The Anyels took
another cull, featureless fane from Portland
to-flay by the scor* of 6 to 3. Jo« Corbett was
wJ14 at the beginning, but was sufficiently
tttafly when men. were on bases to keep the
¦ear* down. Batler was pounded for eleven
hits. Both teams played In a listless fashion.
The score:
Los Anseles — 1 Portland —
AB. R. H. P. A. I AB. R. H. P. A.
Hoy.cf... 3 0 1 1 OVBurn.cf 2 1 O 1 0
ivb'ler.2b 4 '0 1 2 3 F'man.lb 4 0 2 10 0
6mlth.3b a 1 O 1 2 Blake,3b. 4 1112
milon.lb 4 0 1 10 O A'son.2b 4 0 0 4 4
O-th,rf. 3 1 O 1 O N'deau.lf 2 112 0
Ross.lf.. 3 0 2 3 O Kran>.ab 4 Olll
TVrr.ond.B 4 12 2 B-5"lman.rf 4 O O 1 O
Kticer. c. 4 12 6 3|Clark.e.. 4 0 14 1
Cbett,p. 4 12 1 0 Butler, p. 3 0 0 0 2
ANGELS TAKE DTELI, GAME.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 13.— The State
Department late this afternoon re
ceived advices that the Department of
Cauca and Antioquola of Colombia are
seeking to separate from that Govern
ment and are soliciting admission Into
the Panama republic.
No surprise Is expressed here over
the report that these departments are
making an effort to align themselves
with the republic of Panama. The two
departments named and also that of
Bolivar are the most prosperous in the
whole Colombian territory. They con
tribute the greater portion of the rev
enues for the federal treasury, that fit
Antioquoia alone paying about one
third of the entire amount. The An
tioquoians are known as the "Yankees"
of- Colombia and are progressive and
businesslike people. For a long time
there has been dissatisfaction and dis
content among the people of these de
partments over the management of af
fairs by the politicians in Bogota. .
The : Department of Cauca will bene
fit more largely than that of any other
except Panama from ,the construction
of a canal across the isthmus.
Two More Departments Would Secede
;/.y c From Colombia.
SEEK TO JOIN PANAJJA.
No time will be lost by Panama In
ratifying the new treaty. Whether
the ratification will be made by the
Government at Panama or whether
the commission which arrived here o
.nighfc will be cabled power to ratify It
has not yet been determined. The ex
change of ratifications will occur in
Washington. ;
The President has not determined
when the convention shall be submitted
to the Senate for ratification. : His
present purpose is to withhold it until
there is reasonable assurance that Its
consideration will not obstruct any of
the legislation for which the present
special session of Congress has been
called.
The Panama Commissioners, Fred
erico Boyd and .Dr. Amador, arrived
here shortly before midnight. -They
were met by M. Bunau-Varilla, the
Panama, Minister, -who explained- to
them the . provisions of the new canal
treaty signed to-night. The Commis
sioners expressed their satisfaction
with the convention.
The contention of the Washington
Government that the capital of the
new republic be not located In either
Panama or Colon was not pressed 'by
Secretary Hay when he found that the
Panama Government was earnestly op
posed to It and the treaty makes no
such provision. This, however, it not
regarded by the Secretary as a vital
point, In view of the extensive rights
which the United States has through
out .the canal strip and Its especially
wide Jurisdiction in the terminal cities.
This Is the only point In the negotia
tions which caused the expression of a
difference of opinion.
H. C. Donald, a mining: man, com
mitted suicide in the Overland Hotel
by taking corrosive sublimate in a
glass of water. The body was found
fully twenty-four hours afterward by
a servant in the house. Donald came
to Reno several days ago from Tono
pah. Among the effects of the deceased
was a notebook showing that his home
was in Sonora, Cal., and that he is
survived by a wife and child. He had
$100 in the pockets of his clothes and
a membership card of the Eagles. In
the vest was a watch and chain, with
a locket containing a picture of a wo
man, presumably his wife, and a little
child.
RENO, Nev., Nov. 18.— Tired of life
and discouraged by business reverses
"W. C. Hildebrandt Jr., a prominent
merchant of Oregon, committed suicide
in this city last night by shooting him
self. Hildebrandt came to this city a
few days ago to visit his father. W. C.
Hildebrandt, proprietor of a dry goods
store. He was about as usual yester
day amusing himself by visiting points
of interest in and around Reno. He re
tired at an early hour last night at his
father's house on Second street and
this morning was found lying on the
bed with a bullet hole in his head and
a revolver beside him.
Merchant Shoots Himself in Head
and Mining Man Swallows
Corrosive Sublimate.
DESPONDENCY CAUSES
TWO SUICIDES AT RENO
"The American armed force treach
erously prevented the suppression of
the rebel movement by the loyal Co
lombian army. The American Govern
ment is also aiding to despoil Colombia
of another Dart of its valuable terri
tory besides that of Panama, and for
getful of its immense power Is there
fore Inciting against # us the enmities
and cove tousness of other nations.
"The American people must decide
between the sacred rights of Colombia
and ; the scandalously notorious Inter
ests of the Panama Canal Company.
"It, Is not conceivable that the great
nation to whom the world owes so
many conquests and liberal doctrines
in the field of international law should
forget them when dealing with a weak
and friendly country, that has no other
means of offense than Its solemn pro
test to the American people. It Is not
conceivable that such a nation should
adopt such a high-handed (policy * of
vandalism.
"To the Associated Press of the
United States in behalf of the Asso
ciated Press of Colombia.
"EL. NUEVO TIEMPO."
NEW YORK, Nov. 18.— In response
to a request telegraphed ' to Bogota
with a view to ascertaining the atti
tude of the press and people of Colom
bia concerning the isthmian situation,
the following dispatch, delayed in
transmission, has Just been received:
"BOGOTA, Nov. 16.— The Colombian
people protest and appeal to the Ameri
can people against the conduct of the
Government presided over by Mr.
Roosevelt. The United States Is
solemnly obligated by the treaty of
1868 to guarantee the rights of property
and the sovereignty of Colombia in
Panama. Now the American Govern
ment has violated its word and hence
has compromised the honor of the
American people. Colombia has wished
and wishes that the United States shall
open the canal through Colombian ter
ritory. The disapproval of the Hay-
Herran treaty was due to constitution
al obstructions, which can be legally
removed by Colombian people, and
which were made worse by the diplo
matic discourtesies of the Department
of State and its representatives here.
"The American Government, through
Secretary Hay, contrary to the prac
tices of right and International law, Im
mediately recognized a so-called gov
ernment suddenly arisen in Panama,
from a coup d'etat accomplished by
acts of treason and by the bribing of
troops. . •
Associated Press of Colombia Pro
tests to American Public
ARRAIGN* THIS NATION.
Develop a Great Batting Streak at
Sacramento in Seventh. Inning.
STANDING OF THE CIX*BS.
W. L. Pet. | W. L. Pet.
, 125 75 62.V Sacrament. flS 102 .490
< .97 jt2 .r,1 3 Portland ... !U 102 .472
-«*n Frti- .103 100 .403,Oakland ... 85 123 .406
PAC.'t.'ENTO. Nov. IS.— The ProfllKals
0*T«'<^-rd a. terrific batting rally in the sev
»- • . - ¦:. r : of to-day's pame and knocked Fitz
r-reMv fferir.Ke all over the lot, with the
rvr\ii'~ t; t flv« runs crossed the plate and the
fra^rr rJayere from San Franciisco won an
other ft.a»«- The play was errorlf-ss on both
EJ£»r s. 1 was fast and exciting. Score:
bfecr^aiento— ] Ban Francisco—
AB. R. H. P. A. I AB. R. H. P. A.
DoyTe.cf 5 0 2 5 0'Shay.s. .. 4 0 2 3 2
Hilbrd.lf 4 « 2 I O'Meany.rf 3 O O 2 1
MLcln.rf 3 0 0 3 p;Irwin.3b 3 1111
Ca*ej-,2b 4 O 1 2 2 I^ahy.c. 3 0 0 4 0
E£an.«.. 4 1 1 B 2 i KruK.cf. 4 0 15 0
Bhehn,3b 4 110 2!Lynch.lf 4 2 2 0 0
Grham,c 4 12 4 1 II'abst.lb 4 1 2 12 0
Hcgan,lb 3 114 0;Do!nj8,2b4 12 0 7
"Fltzgrld.p 3 0 10 liCutter.p. 4 110 2
•Townsd 1OOOO
Total* 33 6 11 27 13
Totals 35 4 11 24 8
•Townsend batted for Hogran In the ninth.
RUN'S AND HITS BY INNINGS.
Sacramento 0 0 0 3 0 1 0 0 0 — 4
Base hlt« 20 13022 0 1—11
Ban FrancUca ..0OO0OO6 1 x— 6
. Base hits 1 O 0 1 0 1 & 3 x— 11
SUMMARY.
Etclen base* — Hlldebrand. Shay. Three-base
htt» — Horan. Hlldebrand, Irwin. Two-baee
fctt» — Lynch, D'lmu. 6acrtflce hits — McLauph-
Jin. Hogan. First baee on called balls — Off
Fltxrcrald 4. oft Cutter 2. Left on base* —
FAcramento fi. Baa Francisco 7. Struck out—
By FUzgeraJd 1, by Cutter 2. Passed ball —
t>eahy. "Wild pitch — Cutter. Time of gam»—
1 -.40. Umpire — O'Connell.
UNCLE'S MEN WIN.
of the $10,000,000 which the United
States Government is to pay over to
Panama upon the ratification of the
treaty should be allowed by the gov
ernment of Panama to .Colombia in
payment of Panama's share of the Co
lombian national debt. It is under
stood, however, that the United States
Government would not offer an af
front to the Colombian dignity and
honor by tendering directly a sum of
money in the nature of a bribe as a
salve for the separation of Panama,
and, while it could not specify in its
agreement with Panama that any part
of the $10,000,000 was to be diverted to
Colombia, there would be no conceal
ment of the hopes of the United States
in that matter. The present intention
of the United States Government is to
include in the new treaty provision for
the payment of $10,000,000 to the re
public of Panama and to no other gov
ernment.
.The following cablegram was re
ceived at the State Department this
afternoon from Consul General Gudg
er at Panama, dated to-day:
"There is a good deal of excitement
In Buena Ventura and some feeling
against foreigners. The Colombian
Government is said to be considering
a land invasion of the isthmus."
Admiral Glass Is expected to send a
ship to Buena Ventura if, in his judg
ment, the situation warrants It, and
he will be communicated with to that
effect.
ros to be confidential agent of Panama
to Nicaragua, Honduras, Guatemala
and Salvador. Santiago Guarda has
been appointed agent to Costa Rica,
Miro Quesada to Peru and RIcardo
Escobar to Chile. Raoul Amador and
Nathaniel Brandon have been appoint
ed, respectively, Consul and Vice Con
sul at New York.
Continued From Page 1, Column 7.
He soon learned the story of the
woman with the lamp and the brake
man removed the obstruction, which
was done without the loss of much
time. The engineer and trainmen were
very grateful to Mrs. Mcllvain, who
has modestly refrained from talking
about the. affair to any one.
SPOKANE. Wash., Nov. 18.— Mrs. A.
Mcllvain, living in Minnehaha Park, is
receiving congratulations from rail
road men and others for a noble deed
preventing a serious railroad accident.
Mrs. Mcllvain's residence is riot far
from the Great Northern tracks which
connect Hillyard with Spokane. The
grade between the two places is very
heavy and after leaving Hillyard the
trains, despite the fact that the air
brakes are applied, always gain mo
mentum, passenger trains as a rule
coming down at a thirty-mile-an-hour
clip. About dusk Mrs. Mcllvain dis
covered that a telegraph pole had fall r
en across the tracks. She had no fa
cilities for communicating with the
company at Hillyard. and the t^me
when the express would pass was near
at hand. Realizing the danger and
knowing that she must act promptly,
she picked up a lighted lamp arid made
her way rapidly to the track. She
started up the road in the direction of
Hillyard and had gone at least 200
yards when the bright headlight of a
locomotive became visible around a
curve. The engineer quickly Baw the
woman holding the lamp high above
her head, reversed his engine and came
to a stop as he neared the figure.
Special Dispatch to The Call
Flags Engineer in Time
to Prevent Serious
Wreck.
PLUCKY WOMAN
SAVES A TRAIN
CHEYENNE, Wyo.. Nov. 18. — Gov
ernor Chatterton returned from Den
rer to-day on an urgent call from local
officials. In the company of Sheriff
Smalley and deputies he made' a tour
of the jail and then selected places
where the militia will be stationed to
night, to-morrow and the day of the
evecutlon of Tom Horn. \ The militia
-will be under arms from to-night until
after Horn is hanged.
"I .am., not expecting trouble," the
Governor said, "but it is better to be
On the safe side. It will be impossible
to rescue Horn, and his friends should
understand this. An attempt will only
mean the slaughter of many persons."
The town is fast "filling up with
strangers and excitement is growing
every hour.
AUSTIN. Tex.. Nov. 18.— The State
Health Department to-day reports
freezing temperatures throughout the
entire State, excepting near Laredo. It
is announced that quarantines on ac
count of yellow fever will be raised
thjs,v.eek. j . '
LOUISVILLE. JKJV Nov. 18.— The
lowest-temperature "reported to-day in
Kentucky was 13 degrees above zero.
A child was found frozen to death near
Newport.
-ATLANTA. Ga., Nov. 18.— A cold
wave swept over the Southwestern and
Gulf States last night. In Southwest
ern Texas, Southern Mississippi. South
ern Louisiana and Central Alabama
a-nd Georgia the mercury went below
SO degrees.
DENVER, Nov. 18.— Three degrees
above zero was the official low temper
ature record- Jar Denver this morning:
At Puebio the thermometer touched
zero and mountain towns report tem
peratures running from 10 to 18 degrees
below zero. Many families are short
of coal and retail dealers in this city
and other towns cannot fill their orders
until coal arrives from the East. The
large companies which still have a
stock of coal in storage are taking care
of their regular customers, but cannot
eupply others promptly.
- One coal company which has been
unable to fret any coal in this State
to supply its customers to-day placed
an order at Chicago for 100 tons a day.
At a mectins of the directors of the
Retail Coal Dealers' Association, how
ever, a proposition to bring coal from
the East was rejected, as it was shown
that there is as yet no actual fuel fam
ine in this city and that there is still
a prospect that an agreement will be
reached with the miners under which
the Northern Colorado mines can be
reopened.
MISSOULA. Mont., Nov. 18.— Word
¦vois received from the Trout Creek dis
trict this evening that there are several
parties of emigrants along the Spokane
road in the west end of Missoula Coun
ty snowbound and on the verge of star
vation. In one party near the Idaho
border Is a family of five snowed up
and without provisions or money. Th»
family is living in an eight-foot tent
with the enow up to the wagon bed, un
able to pet out or secure food for the
stock. Three other emigrant parties
are reported along the trail snowed up
in the passes and all in a precarious
condition. Efforts will be made to-mor
row to send out relief parties.
; BUTTE, Mont., Nov. 18.— Montana is
undergoing the coldest November
weather for ten years. In the northern
plains country temperatures from 30 to
S8 degrees belnw are reported, and as
the snow is very deep extensive stock
losses are feared. Other parts of the
State, report temperatures from 20 to
24 decrees below, with no signs of
abatement.
Many Families Are Short of
JPuel.and Orders Have.
• . Been Sent East.
Says He Is Not Expecting
Trouble, . but Wants
to Be Safe.
Alarm Follows the Cold
Wave in Mountain
: ;- States.
Wyoming Executive Or
ders Militia Guards for
. Condemned Man.
Secretary Hay went to the State De
partment at 4 o'clock and after the
convention had been engrossed and the
necessary arrangements completed for
signing it he returned to his residence
with the treaty in duplicate, there to
wait for the arrival of the Panama
Minister. ¦¦'¦1+t--.
Secretary Hay was at first somewhat
undecided as to whether the treaty
should.be an amended form of the Hay-
Herran convention or an entirely new
paper. This point was decided at a
luncheon at the Secretary's house to
day, at which were present Secretary
Root, Attorney General Knox and a
number of leading Senators. Their
unanimous opinion was that an en
tirely new treaty would be the more
favorably received by the Senate.
After the luncheon a slight change in
the original draft of the treaty was
made.
Secretary Hay had a conference with
the Panama Minister late last • night
and the general terms of the treaty
were agreed upon.
Two-thirds of the treaty concerns de
tails of administration, which, while
not necessary to the efficiency of the
convention, will, it Is believed, com
mend the new treaty to many members
of the Senate who picked flaws In the
defunct Hay-Herran convention.
The money consideration is the same
in the new treaty as in the Hay-Her
ran convention, with the exception that
the $10,000,000 goes to Panama instead
of to Colombia. ,
The treaty provides that the canal is
to be neutral and open to all nations
on even terms.
Permission also is given the .United
States to fortify the line and the ter
minals and it may police it with troops.
That portion of the treaty dealing with
the fortification of the terminals Is
rather general, but sufficiently explicit
not to be misunderstood.
The cities of Panama and Colon re
tain their municipal autonomy under
the republic of Panama, so .long as
they maintain public order and sani
tary-conditions \to the satisfaction of
the United States.; Failure to do this
gives the United States, according to
the treaty, the right to force striet com
pliance with the wishes of this Gov
ernment in this direction and the
United .States • can even use force to
compel obedience to rules as to pub
lic order and public health in these
cities.
The keynote of the treaty is the
provision in one of the very first arti
cles by which Panama cedes to the
United States whatever lands through
out the republic of Panama this Gov
ernment shall find desirable in" connec
tion with the building or the operation
and maintenance of the canal. In ad
dition, the treaty gives to the United
States abundant sovereignty over the
canal etrip, which, it Js understood,
comprises between eight 'and ten miles
on each side of the canal. Within this
zone the power of the United States is
as absolute as if the zone were part
ind parcel of this country.
In general, it may. be said that while
the new treaty contains many of the
provisions of the failed Hay-Herran
treaty, it is not based on that conven
tion, but follows not only the spirit,
•iut the letter, of the Spooner act.
Thus, instead of the lease for a fixed
period of the canal strip, this new
treaty provides for a perpetual grant
of the right of way to the United
States; and, instead of a complicated
provision for courts of mixed composi
tion — half American and half Colom
bian — to administer justice over the
canal strip, the new treaty permits this
Government to exercise the most com
plete jurisdiction thereon, i:
It consists of between twenty-two
and twenty-five articles, but the main
points of the convention are contained
in the first six articles.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 18.— Secretary
Hay and M. Bunau-Varilla at 6 o'clock
signed the Hay-Bunau-Varilla treaty,
providing for the construction of the
Panama Canal by the United States.
The ceremony occurred in Secretary
Hay's study. The Panama Minister ar
rived at Hay's house promptly at 6
o'clock, having made an appointment
with the Secretary for a conference at
that hour. He was surprised to find
that the Secretary had before him the
treaty, engrossed in duplicate. The
Secretary informed Bunau-Varilla that
he was ready to sign the treaty. The
Minister read the document carefully
n.nd then he and Secretary Hay at
tached their signatures to it. Hearty
congratulations were exchanged.
Although the treaty has not been
made public, the Associated Press is
enabled to give the substance of the
document.
GOVERNOR UNEASY
TILL HORN DIES
DENVER IN FEAR
OF COAL FAMINE
THE SAN 5BAKCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, NOVEMBER 19, 1903.
HEAD OF THE UNITED STATES DEPARTMENT OF STATE AND
MINISTER .FROM THK REPUBLIC OF PANAMA, WHO HAVE
SIGNED AN ISTHMIAN CANAL CONVENTION.
Government of Colombia
Defies the United States
2
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
)OOOOOOOGO©OO©O©C«OO©0eOOO««OOOOeO«9«OOOOt
Men, Women, Here
IS HEALTH AND STRENGTH.
jrtTSfejat Sick and weak people: X caa cure jon
IjZLjmQi -with, zneotxidtj, as I Have onre* tion-
fiTi2?WVg «anfl« of others. I can maie the blood
«lJc§\ JiL circulate In youx velna, the nerrrt ttatfJe
XJgppJwJf with vitforoua life and the ¦pirft of «a-
jBfjLjgr erg-y ihow itself la every more of jom
A^f^i body. X have told yon tHat fiectricity
Ail Is "Xdfe," and now all Btfenttrt* «n*
. f- \ *>4L •,.¦ doctor* arc approving my el**™* te *
f. ? YV ma P ronro l * *° yw** !•* »• orfr orl
\\\^_m A^k . how my method of applytaf *!¦ ¦"*••*
Vr'J^^W & n\ A power has revolutionized »*dfc*l **•**"
4|^4S|i| Dr. McLaughlin's
Bsi*sU I \' \ \iVWMtt IS a XXOSZXn A MCOESS H03CS
My twenty years of study are shown In this grand apUance. Ton Win
wear It with comfort at night, and the ELECTRICITY " fu , ! ' ed J " to 7°™*
body cures all Nervous and Vital Trouble. Kidney and Bladder Troubles.
Rheumatism, Lame Back, Indigestion. Weak Stomach «nd an forms of
pain and weakness. It, restores the life while you sleP. and must cure*
Mr. B. Cavalli of Kearny Park, Fresno. Cal., writes,' our . fi elt has
done more for me than I ever expected. I have been" 1 p» d nealth for
the last twelve years, trying everything I could think * J" 111^ obtaining
the least relief. Now I consider myself entirely cu r «foi us ed to be weaJc
and full ot pain: now I am strong and healthy. I nhu »• «lad to answer
any question in regard to the merits- of your treatn* 1 -
DO YOU SUFFER? If so. don't hesitate, don't. «*te your time on
drugs, which give no strength. Wear this llfe-savW appliance -as I dl-.
rect and It will cure you. Come and see me to-day 5 e « wn *t na.» been
done for others. Test it free, get my free advice a* follow it, Yotvwlll
find It the road to health.
RfHAp "b/T^V BOC'K.
I have a book which every man should read fon»*°f women also). It
tells facts that are of Interest to every man who *«"*«» to remain young
in vitality at any age. Bend for this book to-day" you can't call. I mail
it sealed, free. If you call I 'will give you a fr« t«st. Remember, my
belt does notsburn. though you can feel the eur«nt s.n.a ca n regulate it.
I warrant It to give a strong current for years. tl^&B no man who uses It
right needs it over threo months. Cut this out oa «t to-day.
hrMi'ii/r - j^WStmmfSPwW^B + t ' 90G Market St.,
Dr. M. C. M'cLaughln, i^ssffk.
Office Hours— 8 a. m. to 8 p. m.; fndays, 10 to i.SANTA CKUZ, Not. 18.— VT. H. Duke died
last night at his home In Happy Valley. He
was * native of Mississippi and aged &4 years.
Duke was the first superintendent of tha water
works built in opposition to the Hlha system
about twenty-five rears ago.
Fred Manon, who attempted suicide
on Sunday night by Whaling gas In
his room, at 214 Third street, died from
its effects at the Emergency Hospital
yesterday.
Inhales Illuminating Gas.
At the closing session of the conven
tion yesterday afternoon President Bel
shaw was . re-elected, Harry Stow of
Forbestown was elected vice president
and E. H. Benjamin and S. J. Hendy
were re-elected, respectively, as secre
tary and treasurer for the year. They
all made neat speeches.
- An interesting paper was read by J.
B. Tregloan of Amador County on "The
Development of Abandoned Mines."
The committee on mineral lands an -
OFFICERS ELECTED
AND A REPORT ON
DEBRIS DAMS READ
HOME. Nov. 18.— The Pope to-day ap
pointed Cardinal Merry del VaJ. the Papal
Secretary of State, to be Prefect of the
Sacred Palaces, a position under which
the late Pope Leo had made distinct from
the Secretaryship of State and had been
informally entrusted to Cardinal Mocenni.
who held It until now. It Is a most im
portant position, making Cardinal del Val
head of the administration of the Vatican
and thus centering in his hands the high
est powers of the Papal government.
The Pone, during the day received in
private audience, Monseigneur Pinoseon,
archbishop of Buenos Ayres.
Vatican Secretary of ' State Becomes
. Prefect of the Sacred
Palaces.
POPE ADDS TO POWER
OF CARDINAL DEL VAL
Reports from the Labor Gazette, Just
published, show a steady decline from
the condition of industrial activity re
cently prevalent In this country. The
percentage of unemployed ; is from 1
to 2 per cent greater In the "'principal
Industries, while the average day's
work in the collieries and Iron mines
has been reduced.
LONDON, Nov. 18.— Discussing Amer
ican financial affairs. In connection
with several recent bond issues, the
Daily Telegraph to-day severely scores
what are set down as misleading ad
vices recently received here from the
United States.
"Inasmuch as many American rail
road companies are known," the paper
declares, "to be endeavoring to raise
fresh capital and in view of the scar
city of money from which we are suf
fering and the needs of our own rail
ways, k is to be hoped that financial
houses in this country will not make
too ready responses to American bland
ishments."
ATTACKS AMERICAN METHODS.
Iiondon Daily Telegraph Comments
Upon Wall Street Affairs. -
THE HAGUE, Nov. 13. — Oi Ui3 a
great many banks have failsd, espe
cially in Haarlem and C*ift. »?*o Lq
the South of Holland. To-day, In The
Hague itself, a well-kno- a bank, the
De Hollandsche Bank, .¦; 'I pay
ment.
In most cases the evil is speculation
in American rails and steel. The finan
cial condition, therefore, is very much
depressed. It is even said that in the
near future many more banks In The
Hague will fail, and at present one
cannot be too careful in placing one's
money.. If this is really true, 1 may
venture to say that a general panic
will ensue.
The last fall In the American market
swallowed one-quarter of Holland's
Investments In American securities,
but if the banks In which the public,
and. In most cases, the middle' classes,
put their trust stop payment, then
trouble -generally will ensue. Tha
owners of the bank which stopped pay
ment, Heeren de Voa and Vreede. are
trying to arrange affairs with their
creditors. ¦¦;' M
Special cablegram to The C«H tad !•"««» Tar*
Herald. Copyright. 1903. bj ¦-..-.. N'*w Tark
Herald Publishing Company.
A. Camlnetti reported for the com
mittee on debris dams. The substance
of the report was that experienced and
able engineers of the Debris Commis
sion had reported that the regulation
of hydraulic mining can be made effec
tive, and quoted the statements of the
report of the Debris Commission in sup
port of this assertion. It has also been
shown that miners had in good faith
obierved the law, as shown also by the
Debris Commission report. Threatened
litigation constantly held before the
miners was the reason that there were
so few applications for licenses to mine
by hydraulic methods. This tended to
make capital timid. The Miners' Asso
ciation would not defend any violators
of the law, but would support any le
gally Issued permit so long as it was
not revoked.' The machinery of the law
was in operation on the Tuba River,
and It now remained to set it In motion
on the ~Bear, American, Cosumnes,
Mokelumne, Calaveras, Stanislaus and
Tuolumne rivers. The committee re
ported also in favor of the construction
of a dam on Weaver Creek. .
MINERS OBEY THE LAW.
Judge Hinkson went Into a long ex
planation of the attitude of the Sacra
mento Chamber of Commerce toward
the Miners' Association, and declared
that the Chamber of Commerce had al
ways sought the passage of legislation
beneficial to the miners.
"When Judge Hinkson stated that
Grove L. Johnson had not been ac
corded proper courtesy by the conven
tion he was reminded by President
Belshaw that every courtesy had been
extended to Johnson, who had ad
dressed the convention at length.
Judge Hinkson explained that the
evident antagonism to Johnson's views
was not a proper spirit to be shown.
The delegates did not desire to debate
the subject with Judge Hinkson, and
when he closed his speech he was given
a cheer.
2 Judge A. C. Hinkson of Sacramento
addressed the convention on a question
of privilege. He denied that Grove L.
Johnson had appeared before the con
vention as a representative of the Anti-
Debris Association, and said he ap
peared solely as a delegate representing
the Sacramento Chamber of Commerce.
nounced that it had no report The re
ports of the secretary and treasurer
showed that the association had a bal
ance of $1000 on hand and that 167 new
members had been admitted during the
year. T. B. Joseph was permitted to
address the convention^to explain a
cyanide process that he had patented.
JUDGE HINKSON SPEAKS.
All the theaters will be represented
at the benefit performance to be given
by the Theatrical Managers' Associa
tion at the Columbia Theater to-mor
row. The sale of seats is very large
and a big attendance is expected.
Benefit Performance.
Many Failures Due to
Speculation in Amer
ican SteeL
The day was crowded full of matters
of interest to the miners. The reports
that were submitted by committees
were of importance. Nlles Searls con
gratulated the delegates upon holding a
most interesting and profitable conven
tion, t ..^._
A resolution was adopted offering the
services of the association as media
tors in case of differences arising be
tween the mine owners and mine em
ployes. A permanent appropriation was
asked for the support of the State Min
ing Bureau. A promise to furnish the
public with Information possessed by
the association regarding wildcat min
ing schemes was incorporated in a res
olution. The annual election of of
ficers took place.
Just before the convention came to
an end Secretary E. H. Benjamin, ad
dressing the convention after his re
election as secretary, made a statement
denying. completely assertions relating
to himself that have been published.
He said he had been accused of using
his office as secretary to act to the det
riment of miners by joining with oth
ers to extensively locate timber lands
as mining claims. He asserted with
emphasis that he had not entered one
acre of Dubllc land. He confessed to
associating himself with a railway that
will be constructed in Butte, Plumas
and other counties that will begin con
struction In thirty days, and that the
enterprise brought $600,000 into the
State. He -was an honorary director
In it. '; ?;«'¦_ •¦.'v.>
TO ARBITRATE- DISPUTES.
ftcials and the appointment of delega
tions to the annual convention. It was
decided to move for the appointment
of a commission of mines, it being con
sidered Impossible to have a depart
ment of mines with a Cabinet officer
Instituted yet- A recommendation was
made that all patents for mineral Iand3
hereafter shall contain a statement of
the date of location, such statement to
be prima facie evidence of the date of
location. It was resolved to ask Con
gressional aid to build restraining dams
on the American, Cosumnes, Mokel
umne and Calaveras rivers and their
branches.
Manuel Cerf Assaulted by Two Men
Who Conceal Themselves in
His Stable.
Manuel Cerf. an expressman whose
*tar.d is at the corner of Third and
Mission streets, was the victim of an
attempt at robbery last night. Cerf
entered his stable, at 103 Eleventh
street, and two men sprang upon him.
One felled him to the ground with a
brick and then proceeded to rob him.
Cerf was only half stunned by the
blow and rr.ad* resistance. The men
took fright and ran away. Cerf was
treated for a scalp wound at the Emer
gency Hospital. He reported the bold
attempt at robbery* to Captain Ander
son and the latter detailed Detectives
Graham and Fitzgerald on the case.
Cerf gave good descriptions of the men.
DUTCH BANKERS
IN DIFFICULTIES
DARMSTADT, Nov. 18.— The Czarina is
suffering from inflammation of one of her
ears and is unable to travel. Consequently
she and tho Czar will be prevented from
attending the funeral of Princess Eliza
beth, who died at Skirnewice, Russian-
Poland, on Monday. The autopsy on the
remains of the princess showed that her
death was due to typhoid of an acute
and rapid character.
Czarina Is Indisposed.
WARM DEBATE OH RESOLUTIONS
Continued From Page 1, Column 5.
DAB.IHG ATTEIH?T MADE
TO ROB AN EXPRESSMAN
SAX DIEGO, Nov. 18.— The United
States revenue cutter McCulloch, Cap
tain O. C. Hamlet, arrived this noon
unexpectedly from a cruise down the
coast from San Francisco. It is stated
that the cutter Is to be permanently
located here because of the frequent
reports that Chinese are being brought
up from Lower California In schooners
and landed along the coast north of
here.
Cutter McCulloch Is at San Diego.
LONDON", # Nov. 18.— Joseph Chamber
lain, the former Colonial Secretary, held
a reception at the Colonial office to-day to
bid farewell to the agents-general of the
colonies. Lord Strathcona. the High Com-
Commisaioner for Canada, was spokes
man for tho latter. Replying to tho ad
dress o£ Lord Strathcona, Chamberlain
said he had now almost the assured con
viction that he had been able to convince
his fellow-countrymen that it was to their
advantage to adopt his fiscal policy.
Believes He Has Convinced Britons
of tha Merit of His Fiscal
Scheme.
CHAMBERLAIN SANGUINE
OF ULTIMATE SUCCESS
LOS ANGELES, Nov. IS.— Deputy
City Treasurer Thomas Kirby of this
city ar.d Miss Alice Ward of Cincin
nati were married here to-nig-ht. the
¦wedding being the culmination of a
pretty little romance which had its be
ginning on the dining car of an over
land train. Kirby journeyed East last
summer to visit his relatives in Ohio.
He has but ore arm. and one day in
the <iinir.e car he ordered a sirloin
steak. When it was served he, of
course, could not carve it. Across the
aisle two ladies, mother and daughter,
vere seated and. seeing his trouble, the
elder lady volunteered to cut the meat
for him. She found It more difficult
than she had expected and called upon
her daughter to finish the carving, and
Kirby enjoyed his meal. Of course,
there was an exchange of cards and
Kirby learned that the ladles were go
ing to Cincinnati, while he was go
irg to Hamilton. Kirby now admits
that he spent as much time in Cincin
nati as at Hamilton, and before he left
for Los Anseles there was an under
standing between him and Miss Ward
by the terms of which she agreed to
cut his steaks for him for the rest of
his or her life. They were married to
night and she will begin her part of
the agreement to-morrow.
Lady He Met in an Overland
Train.
PRETTY LITTLE ROMANCE
CULMINATES IN A WEDDING
Los Angeles Official Marries a Young
Mr. Johnson made answer. In
fact, his presentation for the people of
the valleys .was all that was made
from that side of the house. William
Nicholls Jr. spoke In support of the po
sition of the 4 Miners' Association. He
asked if, when he held in his hand a
permit to mine by the hydraulic proc
ess, the Anti-Debris Association would
say that he could' not mine. He assert
ed that the Anti-Debris Association
had tried to place every obstacle in its
power in the way of the hydraulic
miners. If the Anti-Debris Associa
tion had information that the terms of
the license were being violated let the
association complain to the commis
sion and have the permits recalled.
*W. C. Ralston spoke at considerable
length in favor of the resolutions in
question. He said that the miners had
not been treated fairly by the Anti-
Debris Association. The time had ar
rived when a spade should be called a
spade and for the miners to meet the
issue before them. The members of
that association had come out in their
true colors and opposed all hydraulic
mining. \Hf, did not think, in viewof
the history of the matter, that this was
fair and square dealing.
A. Burrows spoke for the miners'
side of the case. Mr. Voorhels called
for the question and then the resolu
tions were unanimously adopted as a
whole, the miners applauding energet
ically at that result. Then Mr. Devlin
asked permission to speak, which was
denied.
DEFEND THE RESOLUTIONS.
There is the place where we want these
questions adjudicated and this resolution sim
ply gives notice to these men that that is
where we want this matter decided. W»
make no threats. This association has refused
to take up any gravel miner's case which Is
not a legitimate one. but In no court Influenced
by those Influences I have spoken of can these
men get justice, and I say, with all ° due re
spect In referring to the courts of Sacramento
County, that the matter should be referred
to the United States courts. Any order there
made and any decision given by them you
will support as loyally as Mr. Johnson or
any other man, and until that time I am
ready to give notice that we are ready to
fight.
Dunton grew more animated as he
proceeded, and said:
Now.Mf I remember rightly, the resolution
doesn't attack any one for going into court.
Tho'se men who are engaged in gravel mining
intend to obey the law, and. so far as we know,
we don't Intend to assist any miner who
does. not obey* the.jlaw. .But- there la a point
which we have reached, I will say for Mr.
Johnson's benefit, while we can't, as the Bible
says, turn th« other cheek to be smitten, we
have been smitten long enough, and I for one.
though not a gravel miner myself, think the
time his come to flght a little t>lt. That Is
what I think about this proposition, and I
think the time has come to flght, not In the
courts of Sacramento County, not In the coun
ties where the Judges are elected by the men
who make and form the Anti-Debris Associa
tion. Let this matter go into the national
courts and their orders will be obeyed. Let
us go where we can get Justice.
It is the fact that the United States Gov
ernment is the one that has control of this
question and in their courts should it be de
cided whether or not the gravel miner has
fulfilled about the law every, single require
ment of the commission appointed, not by th»
Anti-Debris Association, not by the courts of
this State, buf by the Federal Government.
That is where we want this question settled,
and I think it is time that we gave notice to
the Anti-Debris Association that we intend
to go where exact and quick justice can be
obtained for these men, who don't Intend, who
don't desire, to violate the law.
C. H. Dunton answered Johnson. He
said that he had seconded the motion
of Judge Belcher to get the matter le
gally before the convention, but he had
been opposed to it. Dunton was great
ly In earnest and spoke In a ringing
voice. He was applauded at times. He
was sarcastic part of the time while
he was speaking. He said the conven
tion would appreciate the kindness of
Johnson in coming, down from Sacra
mento to prevent It from making mis
takes. Dunton said that he personally
appreciated the kindly manner in
which Johnson advised about El Do
rado County— not to restrict the debris
in Weaver Creek "so that we may be
able to mine in that county." "I think."
said Dunton, "that the delegation from
El Dorado County appreciates what he
says.
"Wa are perfectly willing to pay our
proportion of the $500,000 that has been
appropriated for the benefit of the
farmers of El Dorado County. We ap
preciate his kindness in advising us
that it is not wise to indorse or sup
port that resolution."
DESIRES FEDERAL DECISION.
SARCASTIC WORDS
SPOKEN BY DUNTON' .
IN MAKING REPLY
Mrs. Williams, who is a society leader
at Lemoore. now asks damages for her
injured reputation and the mental an
guish caused by her arrest.
FRESNO. Nov. 18. — Mrs. Christy
V."::::a.T.s cf Leiroore began suit to-day
against J. H. Powell, a wealthy Selma
vir-eyerdist, for $30,000 damages for
ialse imprisonment on a burglary
ch&rce. Powell is Mrs. "Williams'
brother-in-law. Several months ago
Mrs. Powell was taken sick and died
ar.d on her deathbed she gave Mrs.
Williams, her sister, a number of
wraps and dresses and articles of
value. After the funeral Mrs. Wil
liarr.s went back to the Powell resi
dence end took the various articles,
leaving with them that night for Le
rr.oore. A few days later she was ar
rested for burglary on a complaint
sworn to by Powell The preliminary
examination was held In Selma on Au
gust 25 and the case was dismissed for
lack of evidence.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LOS ANGELES. Nov. 18.— More than
a month overdue, her captain and half
1 her crew down with scurvy, the first
mate in command and none of the men
under him hardly able to work, the
Italian ship Cressington, Captain Pal
legro, crept Into port last night and
dropped anchor off Port Los Angeles.
She was 178 days from Antwerp, a
voyage which usually takes between
130 and 140 days. The vessel is laden
with railroad iron, cement, etc., con
signed to W. R. Grace & Co., most of
which is intended for Huntington's
electric lines In this part of the State.
The Cressington was formerly a
British vessel, but for a year or more
has been flying the Italian flag. She
made a quick trip to Cape Horn and
was well up the South American coast
when she encountered gale after gale,
all of them from the northwest, the
very direction in which her course lay.
For days she made no progress, in fact,
she was beaten back at times. The
constant storms wore out the crew.
Then scurvy appeared and nearly half
the men were stricken with It. Two
weeks ago the captain became ill and
was unable to leave his cabin. The
first- mate navigated the vessel with
the short handed crew and after weeks
of suffering finally reached port. The
captain was brought to a Los Angeles
hospital, where the physicians say there
is hardly a possibility of his recovery, j
Four members of the crew are said to
be even nearer death.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Accuses Him of Falsely Im
prisoning Her on Charge
of Burglary.
Encounters Gale After Gale
and Worn Out Crew Sick
ens With Scurvy.
Resolved That the California Miners' As
sociation respectfully urges the Ccngres s of
the United States to appropriate the sum of
JSCO.OOO to be expended under the auspices of
the California Debris Commission, for the
purpose of constructing impounding dams or
other restraining works on the several streams
and their respective tributaries constituting the
Sacramento and San Joaquin river systems
at outlined in the recommendations contained
in - executive document No. 267, Fifty-first
Congress, second session, ' and that the Sen
ators and the Representatives in Congress
from the State of California are hereby
specially requested to use their best endeavors
In sccurlns the aforesaid appropriation-
Resolved. That the California Miners'. As
sociation respectfully urges the, Legislature of
the State of California to appropriate the ram
of $500,000 to.be expended for the purpose of
ccsstructlng impounding dams on the several
streams and their respective tributaries con
slitutlcs the Sacramento and . Saa * Joao,uln
Upon motion of A. Camlnetti the fol
lowing resolutions were added to the
report of the committee on resolutions
and were adopted by the convention
unanimously:
WANT Sl,000,00O SPENT.
Resolved, That this association 1« under deep
obligations to the merchants, manufacturers
and business men of Ean Francisco for their
generous financial aid during the past and
previous years, and recognize the fact that
without this special assistance it wculd have
been unable to accomplish one-half of what
has been done. The - association Is free to
acknowledge this since the j largest proportion
cf the funds received has come from these
gentlemen who are only* indirectly interested
In the Elnlag Industry.
Whereas. The mining exhibit to be made at
the Louisiana Purchase Exposition will to a
certain extent advertise the mineral industry
of California; therefore, be it
Resolved, That we earnestly request that
the mining men throughout th4 State contrib
ute specimens and samples, through the State
Mineralogist, to b» exhibited.
Resolved. That this association hclds Itself
greatly indebted to the public press of San
Francisco and the mining' counties for the as
sistance it has given, not enly to the associa
tion, but to the mining Industry of California
durinc th» past year.
TO CONTRIBUTE EXHIBITS.
Resolved. That we approve the recommen
dation of our uresident with refercne* to the
wildcat mining schemes and the ossoclatlon
will gladly furnish the public with any in
formation regarding such schemes that may
be in Its iKjssesilon.
Whereas. Th« United States Debris Com
mission having Congressional authority to de
termine what hydraulic mines In the drainage
basins of the Sacramento and San Joaquin
rivers may legally conduct that form of min
ing ha\*lnK In a written communication to
this association stated that there has been no
considerable failure of any of the impounding
baniera; but few cases of illegal mining dis
covered; the number of failures of dims com
paratively email, and that no large percentage
of debris ha* escaped by reason of failures
of Impounding works; and
Whereas, This Federal commission In charge
cf such work has the best facilities for know
ing of the practical workings of the law re
lating to hydraulic mining; therefore, be it
Resolved, That this association deprecate the
numerous and frequent attempts of the Antl-
Detrls Association, a private organization,
without either Government or State sanction
or authority, to Interfere with Individual mines
and miners and obstruct as far as lies In their
powers the workings of the law permitting
hydraulic mining In the section referred to by
serving Injunctions and otherwise annoying
miners who have already received legal licenses
from the United States Government to mine
by' the hydraulic process.
ATTACKS ITS OPPONENTS.
Resolved. That we urgently request our
representatives in Congress to secure appro
priations for the purpose of building additional
restraining dims and barriers for mining
debris upon the tributaries of the Sacramento
and the San Joaquin rtvers. viz: upon the
B*ar. American. Cosumnes, Mokelumne and
Calaveras rivers and their branches.
Resolved. That the California Miners' Asso
ciation looks with grave concern upon the dif
ferences that arise from time to time between
the emr»ioyer and the employed In the mining
Industry in this State.
Resolved. That this association hereby of
fer? it« friendly aid in the settlement of any
such differences that may hereafter arise, and
to that end be it further
Resolved. That whenever requested so to do
by the several interested parties, the president
of this association shall appoint a committee
to arbitrate Fuch differences.
Whtreas The Mining Bureau is the only
organizatton in the State for the accumula
tion of iata_ records, maps and geological
*p*ciraens for the general welfare of the min
ing industry, therefore be It
Resolved, By the California Miner* Asso
ciation In convention asembled that we earn
estly request our Legislature to place the Min
ing Bureau upon a prot>er basis by making a
sufficient and permanent appropriation for its
support.
Whereas. The lapse of tima frequently ren
ders it difficult and sometimes impossible to
prove with certainty the date of a mining lo
cation upon which a mineral patent has been
based, thus giving rise at time* to expensive
and vexatious litigation, therefore b- it
Resolved. That In the ooinion of the Cali
fornia Miners' Association all patents for min
eral land hereafur Issued should contain a
statement of the date of location cf the claim
upon which Issuance of such patent Is bas?d.
and said statement should be prima facie evi
dence of th» date of such location In both
State and Federal courts.
FIXING DATE OF LOCATIONS.
Whereas. The mineral Industry Is now In a
position to demand from the Government the
recognition due to its yearly increasing pe
cuniary and industrial importance, and to ask
that its affairs be placed in charge of one
Federal official to whom all miners may ap
peal and who will collect statistics and mat
ters' relating to the techncT.ogy of mining;
therefore be It
Resolved That the California Miners As
sociation. In convention assembled, respectfully
urge upon Congress consideration of these
matters and ask that It appoint a separate
and special Commissioner of Mines and Min
ing whose work shall be dene upon the lines
of that of the Director of the United States
Geological Survey, but to include under his
Jurisdiction gold and silver as well as all
oth<r mineral substances produced In the
Urlted States said commissioner , to be under
cuch Cabinet officer as Congress may deem
best; and be It further
Resolved. That the president and secre
tary of this association be authorized and in-
Etructe.1 to transmit copies of these resolu
tions and of the report of the committee on
(lrpsnment of mines and mining to the mem
bers of the California delegation In Congress,
and respectfully ask their aid In the further
ance of the object desired, and request that
a suitable bill be Introduced to carry out such
object in behalf not only of the miners of
California but of those of the whole United
States.
ASK AN OFFICIAL HEAD.
and earnestly request that he make such ap
pointment.
Whereas. The Committee on Department of
Mines and Mining reports that it Is of the
opinion that it is Impracticable at this time
to obtain the consent of Congress to appoint
a Cabinet officer for such a department and
that instead this association should urge upon
Congress the necessity of at least creating a
special commissioner of Mines and Mining un
der supervision of the Secretary of the In
terior, of the Treasury, or of Commerce and
Indus:rles. as may be considered best: and
Whereas. Net only have the California
Miners' Association, but also the Trans-MIss
lssippl Congress, the National Mining Congress
and kindred bodies for some years been urg
ing upon Congress the necessity of creating a
Department of Mines and Mining with a Cab
inet officer at its head; and
Whereas. These efforts have thus far been
apparently In vain, although a new Cabinet
position has since been created in th« Depart
ment of Commerce and Industries, having in
charge many departments formerly under other
Cabinet officers, but omitting mining; and
Whereat) Different branches of th» mining
Industry of the Cnited States are now looked
after by different bureaus, under different de
partments, with different heads; and
Whereas. It is the opinion of this associa
tion that the beet Interests of the miner would
be subserved by having an Industry which has
grown in annual product from S3O.310.3C0 In
1SS0 to 51.066,329,521 In 1901. represented by
a Commissioner of Mines and Mining under
whatever department Congress may determine;
and
Whereas. It if perfectly well understood that
from 1S67 to 1S78 there was a Government
Commissioner of Mines acd Mining whe*^ duty
It was to collect statibtics, historical and tech
nical rr.atter relating to mining, which offlo
was abolished at the end of 1ST6; but It Is
recognized that at that time the general min
ing industry was of small Importance as com
pared with the present conditions when its
product is, worth over f 1.000, 000.000 yearly;
and *
Whereas upon the abolition of that office
th* United' States Mint. United States Geologi
cal Survey and United States Census, took
consideration of these matters relating to min
ing, s.nd have since continued, while the
United States Land Office has b-en in charge
of matters connected with mineral land loca
tions, mineral patents and titles.
Johnson said that he was at a meet
ing in Pioneer Hall in this city called
by men interested in mining, who stat
ed that they desired to forever burn
on the altar of. friendship any feelings
existing between the miner and the
farmer. He nominated the first pres
ident of the California Miners' "Associa
tion. It was because of the , feeling
that time that he had to eliminate the
feeling between the farmer and the
IS OF NO INFLUENCE.
Continuing, Grove L. Johnson said:
A question of hydraulic mining is one that
appeals directly to every man living In or own-
Ing probity in th» valley. I live in the valley,
and what property I have is in the valley.
There is no member of this convention. I take
it. that would desire to injure my property.
There Is no member of this convention, I think,
that would desire to Injure the property of any
other resident or taxpayer In the valley. There
fore, taking that as a premise, let us go fur
ther. If this association as an association and
as Individuals would not wish to do that, why
find fault with men for protecting themselves?
Self-preservation Is the first law of nature, and
those people living In the valley are endeavoring
to protect themselves from what they think
is an injury. . > -
They have organized an association, as they
have a right to do. I understand that this as
sociation of miners is not receiving either
State or Federal aid, or that this association
stand? ucon a higher right and better plane
than the Anti-Debris Association. You repre
sent, as you think, the Interests of the miners
of the State. They, the Anti-Debris Associa
tion, represent, as they think, the interests of
the people of the valley, who have been injured
In th« past, who are being . Injured now by
hydraulic. mining. Is.lt any wonder that they
are seeking to protect themselves? Wouldn't
you do it? Is there a man here who wouldn't
do it.'
ATTACKS THE RESOLUTION.
Are they as Individuals to be forbidden, ac
cording to the resolution — are the people rep
resenting the Anti-Debris Association not to
be permitted to go Into court? Is It seriously
contended by this association that you desire
to throw the weight of your- Influence, the
power that you have, in favor of a rule that
shall pay to a man: Tou must not seek the
courts of your country to obtain redress for
your wrong? Is there anything wrong in a
man going into court? If so, then every mem
ber of this association has been guilty of
wrong, and the chairman, my worthy friend,
the chairman of the committee on resolutions,
has undoubtedly been guilty of wrongdoing in
the t>ast, for, as I understand, he has some
times been engaged In litigation.
Mr. Johnson said that he had been
in law, but the law that he had been
in had helped him. The delegates en-
Joyed this sally and laughed. Without
stopping, Mr. Johnson went on to say:
Is there anything wrong in a man going Into
court when he don't ask the courts of his coun
try to protect him In wrongdoing; when he sim
ply seeks to prevent what h« claims to b«
wrongdoing? That Is all there Is of it. gen
tlemen; that s all there is of It.
There Is no necessity for us to go Into a his
tory of the litigation; there is no necessity for
us to go Into a resume of the acts that led up
to the litigation In hydraulic mining In this
State. The fact remains that there has been
Htieation; the fact remains that the Judgments
of the courts have been uniformly In favor of
preventing a man from Injuring the property of
other men. Isn't that so? ' Does any man ob
ject to It? And yet. by the adoption of these
resolutions, as It seem* to me. you are saying
that a man has no right to go into court.
RISES TO POINT OF ORDER.
C. H. Dunton, president of the El
Dorado County Miners' Association,
rose to a point of order and said:
"I understand that the question be
fore this convention is the adoption of
the report of the committee as a whole.
Does the speaker object to the entire
report, or does he object to some sec
tion of it?"
"I object to some section," replied
Mr. Johnson.
"I want to get the section." said
Dunton- "This is a question of the
adoption of the whole report of the
committee."
Belshaw ruled that the point of order
was not well taken.
Judge Belcher said: "Mr. Chairman,
I move an amendment to the report of
the committee on resolutions — to that
portion referring to the Anti-Debris
Association; I move that that portion
be stricken from the report."
Mr. Dunton seconded the motion.
JOHNSON AGAIN SPEAKS.
Johnson then continued:
As I was savin?, is it wrong for a man to go
into court to protect himself against what he
deems to be wrong? It is not a question
whether a man is right or wrong; It is not a
question as to whether the court will or will
not sustain his complaint; it is simply a ques
tion of whether or not a man has a right to go
Into the courts of his country. Now, that Is
all.
Now, it strikes me that you are doing
wrong in asserting it; it strikes me that you
are permitting yourselves unnecessarily to oc
casion the antagonism of other people in Cali
fornia, because, you know and I know and we
all know that a license issued by any power,
no matter what body or what board. Is not
sufficient to permit a man to do wrong. It
does not mean that a man may act not In ac
cordance with the terms of the license. Peo
ple sometimes' get a license, but it does not
give them the right to do as they please. The
courts have uniformly said that if they don't
conduct themselves in accordance with tho
law of the land ths license will be taken from
them.
DEFENDS VALLEY RIGHTS.
Now, this resolution deprecates the attempts
of the people living In the valley to protect
themselves against the acts of other people
who are not complying with the law. or their
licenses. Is that wrcng?- Tou deprecate, the
attempt of men who are seeking to protect
their property who are going Into court legally
and properly. It cannot be claimed by any
body that this Anti-Debris Association has re
sorted to force. You cannot claim, as a mat
ter of fact, that they have at any time en
gaged in a violent ! and tumultuous manner.
and have gathered their friends and marched
by the bundteds and thousands to redress
their wrongs. No. they have acted always In
a peaceable and peaceful manner, simply go-
Ing Into the courts of the land asking the
courts to protect them in the enjoyment of
their property, their property being an
sacred to them as ycur property is sacred
to you: their property being like the poperty
owned by most of the miners, all the property
that they have: and, as I understand this
resolution, you find fault with them for going
into court: you Indorse the action of men who
have violated the law. you disapprove of - the
action of men who are seeking to uphold the
law. Tou are sowing tho wind and you will
reap the whirlwind.
QUESTION APPEALS TO AIL.
A motion was put and seconded to
accept the report of the committee and
adopt the resolutions, when Grove L.
Johnson caught the eye of President
Belshaw. Instantly the entire house
was alive with interest. Johnson pro
ceeded deliberately to the work that he
had in hand. Having been recognized,
he began to speak in a conversational
tone. He said first that he wished to
say a few words about the resolutions
and desired to say at the outset that he
was not and never had been the agent
or attorney of the Anti-Debris Associa
tion, and never expected to be, and was
not even a member of the association.
He was Dresent as the representative
of the Sacramento Chamber of Com
merce, a body organized by the mer
chants, manufacturers and taxpayers
of Sacramento and who were Interested
not merely In the welfare of the city.
but in that of the State. He said that
It occurred to him that It would be
better for the miners' convention "not
to indulge in unnecessary antagonism,
nor to provoke unnecessarily a conflict
and not to take up the conflicts of
other people and make them the con
tests of the association"
GROVE L. JOHNSON '
MAKES ATTACK ON
AIMS OF MINERS
The Overdue Cressing
ton Anchors Off Port
Los Angeles.
Commences Sensational
Suit Against Her
Brother-in-Law.
I hoce that the motion Just mads will pre
vail, and hope that on second, sober thought
you gentlemen will feel that it is better to
live In peace and harmony with everybody:
and that it there is anybody engaged in liti
gation with anybody else to let them fight
it out by themselves, and not seek to con
demn one oarty when you are not familiar
with all the facts In the case. I how ths
motion will prevail. I may be pardoned that
I think also, though the gentleman over there
may seek to raise another point of order, that
the other resolutions are out of order and
out of place in asking for other appropria
tions to build dams. Tou had better wait
urtil you find out whether this $.300,000 is a
success. Success is a touchstone. If that
succeeds, there will be no trouble in getting
all the help that you wish.
CONCLUDES HIS ARGUMENT.
miner that he now desired to protest
against this resolution, which was sim
ply adding fuel to the fire. Continuing,
he said:
¦Will It do any sr>od? If so, what? Will
it influence the Anti-Debris Association for
ever eo illsrht a decree? If «o, will it influ
ence the court« in ever ao silsrht a desree?
If so. bow will it benefit th« miners en*ared
In these lawsuits with the Anti-Debris As
sociation? It reminds me of the story of the
man who lost his horse, which was the only
property he had; he had plenty of sympathy
offered him. but- finally one man handed him
?2». If you have sympathy with these people
engaged in lawsuits, help them with money,
or In any way. but don't come In In this
way. The Anti-Debris Association, and I want
it distinctly understood, as I said before, that
I am not. never have been and never expect
f> be their attorney, and am not even a
member of it. but I know from what I read
and conversations in wTiat they are ««i;rased —
they are endeavoring to protect the mem
bers of the association and the Drotxsrty of
the men living in the valley,- and you are
arked to Jump in. to use an expression of the
street, and to say that they are Joins wrong,
wlien they are simply trying to protect them
selves. I speak to you as your friend; I speak
ti you feeling that I represent the viervs of
all the people in tha valley when I »ay that
they are bound to work in harmony with you
in the valley, and that they are e Imply trying
ta urotect themselves. And what is the use
of your coming into the field in this manner?
river eystema, as outlined In the recommenda
tion contained in executive document No. OS,
Forty-seventh CcngTess, first session.
Continued From Page 1, Column 6.
STORMY VOYAGE
OF ITALIAN SHIP
SOCIETY LEADER
WANTS DAMAGES
CALIFORNIA MINERS IN CONVENTION, AFTER
A WARM DEBATE, DEFEAT OPPOSITION TO
PLAN FOR AIDING HYDRAULIC OPERATIONS
THE SAU FBAKCISCO CALL. THURSDAY. NOVEMBER 19. 1903.
3
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Whoever- wants soft
hands, smooth hands, white
hands, or a clear complex-
ion, he and she can have
Loth : that is, if the skin is
naturally transparent; un-
less occupation prevents.
The color you want to
avoid comes probably nei-
ther of nature or work, but
of habit.
Use Pears' Soap, n-
matter how much; but a
little is enough if you use
it oftenA
EstAblisied over ico years.
|SH JiRTSj
| ARE THE BEST i
1 AT THE\ PRICE. I
\ CLUETT, PEa\oDY & CO. g
two words in the grVcery busi-
ness; money back thVd.
\
' - ADVERTISEMENTS.
j "I FEEL BETTER AND STRONGER j
! . THAN I HAVE FOR YEARS," i
Tj— ' y ;
| Writes Police Clerk | » 1
'J^i^il^c^^^i^^^eiill-^i Catarrh of the Respiratory Or*ana Is
'ire^jyilp^fecSw /JS^!'iW»H Pc ' r "-na Is a Specific for Such Cases
* p *jPA"jninit|gc J (jgTllp t^* m K ¥Oca * organs. I doctored for it
to try Peruna. I found that several
THERE are two things that the whole of my associates had taken it and
medical profession agree about con- been cured, and I discarded all ether
cerning catarrh. The first is that medicines when I started on it. t¥ith-
catarrh is the most prevalent and omn!-» in a week I found a change had taken
present disease to which the people In place, my genera/ health was much
the United States are subject. All classes improved and the cough was easier.
of people have it. Those who stay in- / kept up the treatment for five weeks
doors much and those who go outdoors seemed then better and stronger
much. Working classes have it and than , had been for /earSm For tha
sedentary classes have It. . fh n , haf9 tnp)J9(i r .
I The second thing about catarrh on >~ g (
which all doctors agree is that It Is dif-
ficult to cure. Local remedies may give remedy ever devised to cure any case of
relief, but they fail to cure permanently, catarrh, however long the case may har*
Sprays or snuft3 amount to little or been standing,
nothing except to give temporary relief. A g^ Senator's Letter.
Catarrh is frequently located In inter- * _ , r — ,....,-, -
nal organs which cannot be reached by Ex-Senator John M. Thurston of
any sort of local treatment. All this is Omaha. Nebr is one of the most
known bv everv nhvsician prominent and influential men In th«
Known oy e\ery pnysician. country. He has used Peruna as so many
To devise some systemic Internal rem- other men of national fame have done,
edy which would reach catarrh at its and recently wrote the following letter
source, to eradicate It permanently from to Tha Peruna Medicine Co.. of Colum-
the system— this has been the desire of bus - .^^ nlngtO n. D. C. April 6. 1901.
the medical profession for a long time. .. T have use = d p er una at various times
Forty years ago Dr. Hartman confronted during the past year or two with most
this problem. He believed then that he satisfactory results.
had solved it. He still believes he has "It entirely relieved me from an Irri-
solved it. He cures thousands of people cough— the result oi ! excessive > ef-
annually. During all these years Peruna
has been the remedy upon which he has sucn trouble." — John M. Thurston.
relied. If you do not derive prompt and satis-
It was at first a private prescription, factory results from the use of Peruna.
afterward manufactured expressly for write at .once to Dr - Ha li man l/ t h2 n £,^
him in.large quantities. This remedy. SVe-eT^giveTou < HT\KiS&
Peruna. Is now to be found in every v i C g gratis.
drug store and nearly every home in the Address Dr. Hartman. President of
land. It is the only reliable internal The Hartman Sanitarium. Colnmbas. O.WASHINGTON, D. C, Nov. 18.— The
following Californians are registered at
the hotels here: At the Raliegh, Mr:
and Mrs. Daniel Murphy, Los Angeles;
at the New Willard. George Stone, A.
A. Turner, San Francisco.
Calif ornians in Washington.
Seymour's claim was for looking after
the business In- connection with fraudu
lent claims and for false claims made
against James G. Fair's estate which af
fected Charles L. Fair's interests, and for
these services Fair had promised him
$25,000. . - - .. . . m
By the order of Judge Carroll Cook.
$175 000 of the estate of the late Charles
L Fair is to b« paid to f rienda -who
served him during his lifetime.
Of this sum Joseph Harvey gets J100.
000 Charles Neal J50.000 and Captain John
F Seymour $25,000. These sums, the court
has ordered Hermann Oelrichs, the ad
ministrator of the Charles Fair estate, to
pay. and the settlement of the claims will
take place at once. •
Joseph Harvey's claim was for $90,000
money that he had loaned to Fair at dif
ferent times. Harvey stated in . court
that Just on the eve of Fair's departure
for Europe Fair told him that he in
tended to pay him $100,000 In settlement
of all his claims, and that he also told
others the "same thing, and the court ac
cordingly awarded him that amount.
Neal's claim was based on the fact that
he had been the manager of the estate
during all the period of its administra
tion.
ARE PAID TOR SERVICES.
TEGUCIGALPA, Honduras, Nov. 18.
—Honduras is at present on the verge
of anarchy and conditions are such
that a revolution may break out at
any time. The Governmental party
was completely overwhelmed, at the re
cent elections and the opposition con
trols the legislative branch of the Gov
ernment. Consequently any measure
favored by the administration is voted
down and dissatisfaction is strongly on
the increase.
The reported Intention of Nicaragua
and Guatemala to unite against Hon
duras, while apparently unfounded, has
had the effect of adding to the general
apprehension. If' Guatemala were ,io'
take the offensive she would be : ln'/a
position to cause much trouble, as- she
maintains a large force on the Hondu
ran border. The reason : for this is
given as the fear that Salvador has der
signs on Guatemala and the force is
kept ready to resist any invasion.
Special Cablegram to Tho Call and New York
Herald. Copyright. 1903, by the New York
Herald Publishing Company. > •;••.¦-¦:•
REPUBLIC OF HONDURAS
ON VERGE OP ANARCHY
The case • of Sergeant Wolf was con
tinued until next Tuesday evening.
Charges brought against Patrolman V.
N. Bakulich by C. V. Redinger were
promptly dismissed. It being shown that
the officer did his duty In arresting the
complaint on a charge of drunkenness.
Charges against Patrolman Archie Ham
mi! were also dismissed.
Bennett put on several witnesses as to
his character and himself denied all of
the allegations. The case was then sub
mitted by both sides and a decision will
be rendered on December 1.
The case of Policeman Joseph E. Ben
nett, charged with having intimated to
Goor&e R- Simpson, a saloon-keeper on
Mission Ftreot, that he should pay pro
tection money to Sergeant Wolf, was
called before the Police Commission last
night. Simpson said that Bennett had
approafched him on three occasions and
advised him to "see" Wolf previous to
the time he paid the sergeant any money.
He also says that after the charges had
been brought against Wolf the patrolman
came to him and asked him not to drag
him into the case. Simpson says he
promised Bennett that he would not.
Harry GUson, a bartender, testified that
he heard the latter conversation, and the
prosecution rested.
POLICE COMMISSIONERS
HEAR THE BENNETT CASE
Patrolman Is Charged With Acting
as the Agent for Sergeant
Wolf.
Herbert George of Denver, who fur
nishes limestone to the Guggenheim
smelting trust, is registered at the Pal
ace with his wife.
D. Burkhalter, division superintend
ent of the Southern Pacific Company,
arrived from Bakersfleld yesterday and
is Etaylng at the Grand.
E. H. Hageman of the San Joaquin
Ice Company at Fresno Is at Berkeley
as an instructor in the special dairy
ing course of the university.
William Thorsen of Wisconsin, who,
with a number of associates, recently
purchased the West Side lumber plant
in Tuolumne County. Is at the Palace.
Harry G. Duffield, who has succeeded
Charles Astor Parker as manager of
the Nelll-Morosco Dramatic Company,
has arrived from Seattle with the mem
bers of the theatrical troupe.
Dr. F. M. Elliott of Aurora, 111., is at
the Grand.
W. D. Cameron, a mining man of
New York, is at the Palace.
Dr. and Mrs. H. Nelson Jackson of
Burlington, Vt., are registered at the
Palace. - r.v
PERSONAL MENTION.
INDIANAPOLIS, Nov. 18.— Mrs. Alice
Carey, wife of General John T. Carey,
who served as United States District
Attorney at San Francisco for many
years', was declared Insane at Marion
to-day. She went there yesterday and
tried to pawn a diamond ring worth
$400 for $1.
Mrs. Carey was a niece of Colonel
John Bridgeland and was a favorite
in Washington and New York society.
She was a woman of many accomplish
ments and attracted attention ¦ wher
ever Bhe went. She visited Europe
when Bridgeland was in the consular
service and while there mastered five
of the European languages. Her mar
ried life was not happy and Bhe re
turned to this State and soon lost. all
her property through bad Investments.
The ring which she offered to pawn
was the only thing of value she had
saved from the wreck of her fortune.
Special Dispatch to' The Call.
. After some discussion Hays confer
red or, pretended to confer with the
Los Angeles office, in which he claimed
to be authorized to adjust the differ
ence. In this adjustment Hays did not
act as agent for the Salt Lake people
nor as an Individual. At the bank he
executed a bank guarantee, making
$2000 payable to Bush on demand. This
guarantee. Is signed, "Orang£ Growers'
National Bank, by H. T. Hays, cash
ier," and Bush has not yet received 1 his
money. . ,
A few days • before Hays, resigned
Bush had a conference with the bank
officials, and they were surprised to
learn that any such an agreement bind
ing the -hank is in ; existence. Bush
wired that the agreement will be fully
recocnized. . .._
• - - mil' ' .
RIVERSIDE, Nov. 18.— The develop
ments of another day indicate that H.
T. Hays will be called upon to make
a settlement with the Orange Growers'
National Bank as well as to the San
Pedro, Los Angeles and Salt Lake Com
pany. The amount Involved is $2000
and is In connection with a Salt Lake
land deal, in which B. B. Bush, a real
estate dealer here, figures as principal.
Bush was in possession of a piece of
land needed in the Salt' Lake right-of
way, but in disposing of it Bush, for
obvious reasons, preferred to deal di
rectly with J. Ross Clark. Clark's of
fer of $7750 was accepted, a deposit of
$500 having been previously made with
the Orange Growers' National Bank to
cover the option.
The contracts covering the full pur
chase price were by Major Diss for
warded to Bush for his signature and
later he was informed that $7750 was
awaiting his delivery of deeds at the
Orange Growers' National Bank. When
Bush went for his money Hays told
him that there was but $5750 on deposit,
a shortage of $2000, but Bush was not
standing for any such holdup, as he
w ; as positive the full amount had been
forwarded from the Los Angeles of
fice. Consequently Bush declined to ds
llver the deeds. Hays .: protested ths*
it was all right and' that he would fix
matters, but Bush held out for the
$2000. •
Orange Growers' National Bank Will
Ask Him for an Explanation.
MORE TROTJBLB FOR HAYa
Mrs. Alice Carey, Well
Known Here, Is Sent
to Madhouse.
The Board of State Prison Directors
held an interesting session in this city
yesterday at the offices of Director R.
M. Fitzgerald. Ex-Senator Archibald
Yell attended the conference and was
practically recognized as the Warden
elect of Folsom prison. The board will
meet at Folsom next Saturday and
make official record of Mr. Yell's elec
tion. All the members of the board
attended the meeting yesterday.
There was a free interchange of views
regarding the future management of
affairs at Folsom, and while the Direct
ors do not apprehend that the retire
ment of 'Warden Wilkinson and the In
duction into office of his successor will
be followed by sweeping changes . of
subordinate attaches, the opinion is ex T
pressed that the new Warden will have
a free hand to make such appointments
as he deems essential to the enforce
ment of proper discipline in the prison.
There are rumors to the effect that
Captain Murphy will not be retained
by the new Warden, and there are also
reports to the effect that several guards
who were recently discharged will be
reinstated. The Directors and the War
den-elect are in accord on the general
proposition that worthy and capable
officers shall be retained.
Several weeks ago one Beach La
Salle, who had been the dead miner's
partner, and wag executor of his will,
visited In Oakland and vicinity, mak
ing a search for Miss Redford, but he
returned to Victoria without locating
her. The quest, however, aroused in
terest among a number of people and
the obiect of La Salle's search was
brought to light in the person of Miss
Redford. H£r affairs were placed in
the hands of Attorney George E. Jack
son of this city, who is In communica
tion with the Probate Court authorities
at Victoria for light on the situation.
Neither the attorney, 'nor Mrs. Hal
lahan, nor the Interested Miss Redford
have been yet advised In detail, nor do
any of them feel ready yet to take the
news with that'posltlveness which com
plete Investigation might permit.
It la as the sole beneficiary under
the will of one Carlson, a miner who
"struck It rich" In the Northwest, that
Miss Redford figures as the legatee of
the departed prospector's pots of gold.
But behind that Is the memory of an
old sweetheart that lay buried In this
miner's heart, for, the story runs,
Carlson loved this girl's mother many
years ago and after learning of his
old sweetheart's death decided to be
queath his fortune to her child. All
of this is yet under the Inquiry of legal
Investigators -who have been trying to
ravel the maze of mystery in which the
tale is clouded, for want of precise veri
fication.
Miss Redford is motherless, and her
father, "William Redford, has by Illness
been long Incapacitated. The girl eight
years ago was given in charge of Mrs.
Hallahan, who, with the parents* con
sent, became the child's legal guardian,
and has always cared for her as her
own. ¦
Prospective heiress to a fortune said
to be in seven figures is Mary Agnes
Redford, 16 years of age, an operator
In the telephone company's station In
this city and ward of Mrs. Thomas Hal
lahan, residing at 2016 Market street.
Such is the tale that comes out of the
bleak Cariboo country of British Co
lumbia, and the narrative Is aglow with
delightful romance of love, gold and
tender recollections.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, Nov. 18.
Many donations from fraternal so
cieties and Individuals were reported.
Archbishop Rlordan Is deeply Interest
ed in the institution and thanked the
committee for its co-operation. All the
I>arishes of the city are helping the
%vork and the friends of the Sisters are
most hopeful of raising the $3000.
The Institution. St. Joerph's Home for D*af
WuKf. it mo»t deserving of the consideration
of ali charitable people. Its doors are open
to all <1caf mutes end it would be base ln
fratUude to allpw the noble *i*ter*. who de
vote their lives to the afflicted ohil'lren of hu
tnanlty. to surer for lark t-.t funds. In be
half of this preat cause we appeal to the
rublic and w«. ask thmuph the prew those
whom we cannot otherwise r^aeh during the
v>-rk to respond with contribution!". There is
only one Bretk in which to raise the amount.
t>-:t xvith a general ffporse It can be easily
inn*-. Already many hare nobly come forward.
Ail donations, great or Email, will be received
»t room k~, Floo^ building, where tickets for
the lecture may be had.
Committees' were appointed to. ad
dress fraternal societies and to arrange
all the details of the lecture. The fol
lowlnp Ftatement was made public:
A large meeting of a representative
body of Catholic men was held last
evening: and jvays and means of aiding
the Sisters were discussed. All were
enthusiastic in the project to raise the
arnnunt. A lecture will be given in the
Alhambra Theater on Wednesday even-
Ins. November H3. by Rev. Father Har
vey of St. Patrick's Seminary. Menlo
Park. The subject will be "The Mer
chant of Venfce." Father Harvey is a
brilliant eraser and a learned Shake
epearran.* scholar.. , During the lecture
he will recite and Interpret some of the
most famous' portions of the play. The
proceeds, ¦together with the subscrip
tions of the general public, it is hoped,
will reach the amount needed by the
Sisters.
The Sisters of St. Joseph, who con
duct the only Catholic home In
the State for deaf mutes, are
in need of J5000 to carry on
their work. The home was established
eipht years ago in Oakland and since
then more than 300 afflicted children
have been trained under their care.
The institution depends in large meas
ure on charity and this Is the first pub
lic appeal made by the Sisters in many
years.
SISTEES OF ST. JOSEPH
MAKE APPEAL FOB AID
Home for Deaf Mutes in Need of
Funds and Entertainment Is
Planned.
ProsecutioD Decides Not
to Put Jennie Pox
on the Stand.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
BAKERSFIELD, Nov. 18.— A/ ( t.er a
day spent chiefly in Introducing testi
mony In regard to the bullet holes
around the josshouse and the caliber
of Hulse's rifle and the bullets found
In his place, the prosecution rested It3
case this aften*on without putting
Jennie Fox on the stand. She testified
at the Coroner's inquest and at the pre
liminary hearing that he waa present
and took part In the shooting, describ
ing the scene in his room with great
vividness. She contradicted herself on
several points at the preliminary hear*!
ing, making statements which con
flicted with those made at the inquest.
Later she declared that she had been
Induced to give this evidence through
fear, and In a newspaper Interview de
clared that she would go on the stand
and say that Hulse was not present
and that McKlnney did all the shoot-
Ing himself. She has been In Jail ever
since the battle. It Is thought likely
that the defense will put her on the
stand, and If this is done the prosecu
tion will Introduce her former testi
mony to Impeach her.
When the prosecution rested the de
fense moved to strike out several points
In the testimony, and the motion was
denied by the court.
Bert Tibbet, the slayer of McKlnney.
was again on the stand to-day and
testified that when he picked his broth
er up In the yard where he had been
shot he told him that Hulse was the
one who had shot him. An effort was
made to Introduce testimony regarding
a conversation with Hulse at Tehach
api, when McKinney was a fugitive on
the desert. In which Hulse said that
he was going to Join the outlaw and
that there were not officers enough In
California to capture them when .they
were together. The defense objected to
the testimony and it was excluded. The
defendant will open his case In the
morning.
Death Summons an Authoress.
WALLA "WALLA. Nov. 18.— Margaret
Johnston Merrill, an authoress and writer
from Detroit, Mich., died here tvday of
tuberculosis, having come to Walla Walla
In an effort to cure the disease. Mrs. Mer
rill was a well known contributor to. chil
dren's periodicals. - .
Louis H. Eaton gave his nineteenth
organ recital at Trinity Church last
night, when the large attendance had
the opportunity of hearing the "Pre
lude" and "Angels' Farewell" from Dr.
Edward Elgar's "Dream of Gerontius."
The work proved to be extremely beau
tiful, and, while serious, there Is every
where in the great composition a full
ness of melody. Miss Una Falrweather,
the contralto, rendered the vocal se
lections, one of the numbers being El
gar's "Thou Only Hast the Words of
Life," from "The Light of Life."
to them that when the correspondence
was sent there appeared to mo no rea
eon why Mr. Hays should not know
exactly what I stated to Mr. Gibbon
in regard to his position with the com
pany. There was absolutely nothing in
the communication which was not
thoroughly known to Mr. Hays even
before it was • sent . by me because it
rrierely- stated his connection with the
company."
As to his general conduct Diss says:
- "I have only to say that I have han
dled many cases of right of way and
no one lives who can truthfully say
that at any time or 'under any guise
whatever have I suggested to any
body the slightest monetary consider
ation for my personal profit. This is
true, either in Riverside or at any
other point on the line of the road. I
am to-day a poor man, but claim a rep
utation against which nothing has ever
heretofore been said. I have stanch,
loyal friends, whose belief In my integ
rity has not been shaken throughout
all the newspaper comment of the past
week. These all have my sincere grat
itude. As employe of a national bank,
as a county official, as an officer In the
late Spanish-American war and in
other capacities I have handled hun
dreds of thousands of dollars without
the loss of a penny to anybody. And
with a position of trust and compe
tence which I have 'recently held it
should not appear natural that I would
sacrifice my prospects in any petty
land steals. This, I assert, I have not
done. My efforts on' behalf of the Salt
Lake road have been constant, honest
and untiring and the present unfor
tunate condition will always be to me
a source of the deepest regret."
Fine Organ .Recital.
"I could not tell what the plan of
his enemies was. I knew that they
were liable to do almost anything.- , I
sent the correspondence to my chief
clerk at Los Angeles with Instructions
to show the same to Mr. Hays, who
returned the correspondence absolutely
unsealed and by the same Instructions
he kept the correspondence for me un
til I did return. When accused by Mr.
Gibbon of giving Mr. Hays advance in
formation as to his. being, under in
vestigation I promptly told him and
Mr. Clark without equivocation iwhat
I had done and explained to them pre
cisely what I have stated here. I stated
PROTESTS HIS INNOCENCE.
"The question of my alleged violation
of my duty to the company in 'surrep
titiously' conveying to Mr. Hays copies
of correspondence had between myself
and Mr.), Gibbon in Salt Lake City,
which it is stated was sought to be ob
tained, as I was given to understand,
for information to assist in investigat
ing charges of fraud against Mr. Hays,
Is one Involving the high sense of re
gard in which I had always held that
gentleman. I had known him most In
timately and had always found him
honest and straight-forward. I was
connected with him fraternally and had
always been a welcome guest at his
home. For a long time in the city of
Riverside, to my certain knowledge,
there had been a concerted effort on
the part of his political enemies to
break down the political prestige whfch
he held. I had been acquainted with
many of his political dealings, and
know that while he had many strong
friends, being an active politician, he
likewise had many enemies, and in nu
merous cases had my attention been
attracted to their efforts against him.
"The correspondence to which Mr.
Gibbon refers was a request for in
formation as to 'an arrangement made
with Mr. Hays when he first began to
be an adviser in Riverside matters. Mr.
Gibbon, without any preliminaries, re
ferred to his understanding of Mr.
Hays' relations to the c6mpany and
asked me to advise him if he was cor
rect. I did this immediately. He then
suggested that he would write a letter
embodying the same request and would
ask -that I reply in writing, as he
stated, to keep the record straight in
so far as the right of way department
was concerned, should it be necessary
to establish our standing in this re
gard. The letters were written. Some
two weeks before it had been reported
to me in Los Angeles that Mr. Hays'
political enemies were making a united
effort to wrest from him his power in
the county of Riverside, and before
leaving for Salt Lake City I took oc
casion to ask two of our mutual friends
to see him on his return from the East
and to warn him that his political ene
mies were up and doing.
"I had no .reason to believe but
the reports I had obtained were
entirely accurate and subsequently re
ceived no Information from the peo
ple of my company that Mr. Hays' ac
tion in so far as the handling' of the
right* • of way were under considera
tion. It therefore appeared to me pe\V
fectly natural ths-t, following out tha
line o'f policy which I always en
deavored to follow in political matters,
I should advise him • precisely of
what I had done In regard to making
the statement as to his connection with
the company.
As to the charges made by Real
Estate Agent B. B. Bush of Riverside,
Diss declares that Bush Is actuated
by personal malice because his land
was not purchased. Diss denies that
he was ever present when any person
suggested that the prices of real estate
be raised and it sold to the company at
the advanced prica As to his alleged
failure to investigate certain matters
referred to him and reported to contain
fraud, he says he' did investigate, made
his report, and that his superiors were
satisfied with what he had . done.
Throughout the term of his employ
ment he says he was In a subordinate
position and that he simply recom
mended such' action as was taken by
the company. As-to^his having be
trayed the /fact that' an Investigation
was in progress to Hays,, he says:
EXPLAINS HIS POSITION.
LOS ANGELES, Nov. 18.— A climax
was reached to-day in the investigation
of the land frauds in the Salt Lake
Railroad Company's right of way de
partment, when, after having waited
for more than a week for Major Diss,
the head of that department, to take
some action. Vice President Gibbon
sent Diss a letter notifying him that he
was no longer In the employ of the
company. The action by the officials
caused no surprise. Diss knew that it
was coming, and. answering Gibbon's
letter, he demanded that some reason
be set forth for the dismissal. Reply
ing to this, Gibbon sent him a caustic
letter detailing the several reasons
that had prompted the company to take
the action It had taken and charging
that Diss had been derelict in his du
ties. After midnight to-night Diss is
sued a statement of his connection with
the land frauds, this being the first
time that he has vouchsafed any in
formation whatever. -His statement Is
the first that has come from any of
those interested in the deals other than
the officials who were investigating
them. He enters Into details as to al
most every transaction which has -been
mentioned since the discovery of the
scandal. The burden of it is, and it is
stated with all possible emphasis, that
he did not know that Hays was "graft-
Ing."
Bpedal Dispatch to The .Call.
Publishes a Lengthy Statement in
Which He Protests' That He Is
Innocent of any "Wrong
doing.
Former Right of Way Agent
Denies Having Knowledge
of Hays' Acts.
STATE PRISON
BOARD MEETS
Attorney Ach filed an affidavit In re
ply, in w ; hich he alleged that he did
not request Herman or Jacob Eppinger
to be called before the Grand Jury,
but he did request, after they had been
subpenaed, that if they were to be
called they be called without delay.
District Attorney Byington had filed
an affidavit in answer to the affidavit
of Herman Eppinger, in which he al
leged that Attorney Ach had repeatedly
urged him to have the Eppingers called
before the Grand Jury as he was anx
ious that they should have a hearing
as speedily as possible. He further be
lieved that Ach had sent word to W. J.
Bryan, foreman of the Grand Jury, to
call the Eppingers before that body.
The District Attorney also alleged that
Herman Eppinger did not Inform him
that be had appeared before the Grand
Jury against his will, and further that
the District Attorney was not called
upon nor was it his duty to inform
Eppinger that he was to be sworn In
an investigation before the Grand Jury
concerning his acts or doings or the
acts or doings of any other person; that
Eppinger was not compelled to answer
any question, nor was he directed or
requested to answer any question the
answer to which he claimed might tend
to Incriminate him.
The argument on the motion of Her
man Eppinger of the bankrupt firm of
Eppfnger & Co., charged with obtaining
money by false pretenses, to quash the
indictment against him on the ground
of irregular proceedings before the
Grand Jury was to have been made be
fore Judge Lawlor yesterday, but It
was postponed till next Tuesday morn
ing.
When the case was called Attorney
Henry Ach, for the defendant, said he
was ill with a cold and his colleague,
Peter F. Dunne, was engaged in a case
In another court. He therefore asked
that the argument on the motion be
postponed. Attorney J. C. Campbell,
who has been engaged as special coun
sel on behalf of the people, said he waa
satisfied that the facts as set forth in
the motion were not sufficient to quash
the Indictment, but he had no objection
to the postponement. He would insist,
however, that the matter should rest
on the facts as stipulated, to which
Ach agreed.
Nearly thirty Inmates of Herman's
Place, a cheap lodging-house at 26
Steuart street, narrowly escaped death
by fire shortly after midnight this
morning. The police were active in
their rescue work, and their outcries
awakened the sleepers. Officer Barry
discovert-d the flames leaping through
the roof of the two-story structure,
and he turned In an alarm from box 34.
Sergeant Cook and Officer Hays rushed
to the house and attempted to go up
stairs, but were driven, back by the
flames. The inmates rushed everywhere
to eeek an exit. Many climbed out the
windows and were helped down by
l-assing people.
While the fire was at lta height "W. P.
Herman, proprietor of the lodging
house, attempted to rush upstairs to
rescue his wife and children, but was
prevented by the police. The children
were rescued by some of the lodgers,
and Mrs. Herman was carried out of
the burning structure through a win
dow.
The firemen made short work of the
blaze when they arrived on the scene.
They broke the skylights and cut holes
In the roof and poured streams of
water into the building.
John Richter. one of the lodgers, was
asleep nrben the alarm of fire awak
ened him. He grabbed a few clothes
and fouprht his way through the smoke
to the stairway and escaped. He feared
others mipht be In the house, but a
search of the premises showed that all
had escaped.
Dave Dent's Isaloon suffered from
smoke and water, as did also the prem
ises occupied by John A. Whelan, ship
wright.
His services, as alleged In his com
plaint, consisted of visiting and In
specting different mining properties
and giving advice regarding them. He
made two visits to Mexico, he says.
He also took a hand in trying to settle
the dispute that haa existed between
Sam Irvine and Senator Fair In the
famous controversy over the Morgan
mine. Besides these there were many
other services which he claims he per
formed. He fil^d his claim with the
executors of the Charges L. Fair estate
on July 16, 1903, and on September 24,
1903, his claim was rejected.
Now he comes forward with his suit
and, according to the statement- of his
attorney, Benjamin Healey, feels very
confident that he will recover from" the
estate what he claims is coming to
him.
In his complaint Rooney does not
contend that any actual contract ex
isted between himself and Fair, but he
states he was always ready and will
ing to be called upon to give advice
and that he gave 'it for six years.
Thomas H. Rooney brought suit yes
terday against the estate of Charles L.
Fair for $75,000. Rooney is the only
brother of the late Mrs. James G. Fair,
and consequently was uncle to Charles
L. Fair. He bases his claim on ser
vices he alleges he performed for Fair,
beginning from August 30, 1896, : and
covering the intervening period until
May, 1902.
ONCE A FAVORITE,
BUT NOW INSANE
Henry E« Huntington, vice president
of the Southern Pacific Company and
the dominating figure in Southern Cal
ifornia's electric car system, is up
from Los Angeles and yesterday di
vided his time between the office of
General Manager Kruttschnitt of the
railroad and that of A. B. Hammond,
the lumber king and confidential man
of E. H. Harriman on this coast. The
purpose of Huntington's visit to the
railroad offices was to consult with
Kruttschnitt regarding the proposed
trip of the Southern Pacific officials to
Salt Lake next week to meet Harri
man and other officers of the road, who
are to assemble there and make the
initial trip over the new Lucin cut-off.
Huntington, aa vice president of the
Southern Pacific will go to Salt Lake
and return to this city with President
Harriman.
Shortly after Huntington left the
railroad building yesterday General
Manager Kruttschnitt sent word to the
heads of the different departments of
the corporation that they would be ex
pected to leave here In a special train
Tuesday evening for Ogden, which they
will reach Thursday, a few hours in
advance of Harriman's party, and with
the officials of the Union Pacific and
other roads will accompany the presi
dent of the Southern Pacific westward.
Among those who will accompany Gen
eral Manager Kruttschnitt eastward on
Tuesday will be Manager James Agler,
Freight Traffic Manager "William
Sproule, General Freight Agent G. W.
Luce, Chief Counsel "William F. Herrin,
General Passenger Agent T. H. Good
man and possibly a number of minor
local officials of the road. Passenger
Traffic Manager E. O. McCormlck, who
is now in the East, will accompany
Traffic Manager Stubbs and other high
officials of the Harriman lines west
ward from Chicago.
Henry E. Huntington's visit to A. B.
Hammond's office yesterday was in con
nection with their interests in North
ern California. It has lately developed
that Huntington has become interested
with Hammond in nearly all the lat
ter's enterprises In Northern Califor
nia, and with Hammond is now plan
ning to gridiron the northern part of
the State with electric roads on a simi
lar but smaller scale to that of the
Huntington-Hellman syndicate lines in
Southern California.
For months Huntington agents have
been quietly acquiring' holdings in the
electric roads In that * section of the
State, and. while this work has been
going on representatives of Hammond
have been secretly outlining extensions
and planning for rights, of way through
the more developed districts. These
roads when built will converge toward
points along the Southern Pacific Com
pany's lines, thus furnishing tributa
ries to the big Harriman system. Har
riman has been made to appreciate the
fact, since he and H. E. Huntington
patched up their differences in the
south, that electric roads are to cut an
Important figure in the future railroad
traffic of the country, and he has en
tered heartily into the plans of Hunt
ington to get hold of everything in
sight for the development of these
roads before rival corporations can en
ter the field.
TELEPHONE GIRL
AS AN HEIRESS
Suit has recently been brought
against General Charles P. Eagan..
U. S. A., by Mrs. Kate J. Black and
George W. Jackson, both of New York,
for $111,700 and $69,000, respectively.
General Eagan formed a company and
bought coal lands in July, 1901. The
company was Incorporated In Arizona
with a capital of $1,500,000. General
Eagan's contract with the Mexican
owners of the land provided that If
the Interest was not paid the property
should revert to the original owners.
After $300,000 was spent in development
the mines were abandoned. Foreclosure
followed, which made the American
bonds worthless, hence the suits to re
cover from General Eagan and other
directors.
General MacArthur states that In the
case of Todd there remains doubt as
to guilt, and sentence will, therefore,
be revoked.
Todd will be released from confine
ment and restored to duty.
General MacArthur left for Honolulu
on the Korea, which sailed yesterday.
This is his first trip to the Islands
and he expects to be gone about a
month. As he is In charge of the Mili
tary Department of California, all
business must pass through hla hands,
and . the headquarters of the depart
ment have, therefore, been temporarily
removed to HawalL He Is accom
panied by his wife and his aid. Captain
Parker "West.
The sentences recently meted out to
Privates Ray L. Palmer and Louis
Reed, who were court-martialed a few
weeks ago. were revoked by General
MacArthur yesterday, and the men will
be restored to duty.
General MacArthur gives as his
reason for releasing the men that the
actions of the court were erroneous In
both cases. Furthermore, he strongly
expresses his disapproval of the actions
of the boards.
Private C. E. Todd was tried by a
court-martial which convened at Fort
McDowell, was found guilty of larceny
and conduct to the prejudice of good
order and military discipline. He was
sentenced to be dlshonorabV dis
charged from the service of the United
States. •
TRIAL OF HULSE
NEARING AN END
Schweenharg Is 47 years of ace, 5
feet 3 Inches tall, very stout build, gray
eyes, dark brown hair mixed with gray
and he wore a mustache. "When he left
his home his dress consisted of an old
blue coat and vest, light striped trous
ers, soft black hat, blue rain coat and
he had on the index finger of his left
hand an amethyst ring.
Coleman reported to Captain Martin
that Schweenhar? was last seen in a
saloon at Twenty-fourtn and Castro
streets on Saturday. Ha asked the bar
tender to telephone to hla wife that
he was going to San Mateo to attend
to some business and would not be
home till the following day.
Coleman also says he learned at the
office at 1031 Market street that
Schweenharg had borrowed money
from customers and friends during: the
latter part of last week and had prob
ably left the city without the Inten
tion of returning. His wife will not
believe that he has deserted her, and
she continues to urge the police to find
him.
The police were notified on Monday
by Mrs. D. W. Schweenharg of 2324
Market street of the disappearance of
her husband. He was a real estate
agent at 1031 Market street. She had
not seen him sine* last Friday morn
ing, when he left home to go to his
office.
Detective T. J. Coleman was Stalled
on the case, and after making a thor
ough Investigation he came to the con
clusion that v.o harm had come to
Schweenharg. but that ha had left the
city.
Midnight Fire Causes Ex
citement on Steuart
Street.
Demands $75,000 for Ser
vices Rendered the Late
Millionaire.
Kruttschnitt Issues Orders
for the Big Gathering
Next Week.
Affidavits Are Filed by Dis
trict Attorney and
Henry Ach.
Climax Reached in the
Land Frauds in the
Southland.
Woman of New York Brings
Suit Against General
Charles Eagan.
Customers and Friends of D.
W. Schweenharg Want
His Address.
Hunting ton to Be Harri
riman's Guest at Lu
cin Ceremonies.
Thomas H. Rooney Sues
i the- Charles L. Fair
Estate.
Real Estate Agent Bor
rows Money and
Disappears.
General Displeased With
Sentence Passed by
Officers.
7-9 r-r- ...
Make Exit From Burn
ing Structure Just
in Time.
Not Ready for Arguing
Motion to Quash
Indictment.
MAJOR DISS
IS REMOVED
BY RAILROAD
LODGERS DRIVEN
OUT BY FLAMES
EPPINGERS ASK
FOR MORE TIME
MAGNATES WILL
MEET IN OGDEN
MEN PARDONED
BY MACARTHUR
SENDS HIS WIFE
FALSE MESSAGE
ASKS A FORTUNE
FOR HIS ADVICE
THE SAN FKANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, NOVEMBER 19, ;1903.
ST. PETERSBURG. Nor. 18.— It has been
officially ascertained that the remittances
burned on the mall car of the St. Petersburfr-
Moscow mall train on November 10 amounted
only to a few. hundred rubles. The ftre was
reported to have destroyed valuables estimated
lit $3,006,000.
CAPE TOWX, No\% 18.— German troops
have surrounded Karriesburg in German
Southwest Africa, where the main
body of the Hottentot rebels are post
ed. Fighting began there Monday last.
I*ate Shipping Intelligence.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
POUT TOWNSEND— Arrived Nov 18— Br
Fhlp Battle Abbey, from Port Ludlow, for Cape
Town.
Sailed Nov IS — Br ship Cortez, for Port
Pirle.
ABERDEEN— Arrived Nov 18— Stmr San
Pedro, hence Nov 14.
, Sailed Nov 18— Stmr Centralla, for San Pe
dro; bktn .Wrestler, for Santa Rosalia; schr
A B John6on. 'or San Prdro.
OAKLAND. Nov. IS.— The following
marriage licenses were issued by the
County Clerk to-day: Edward Hughes,
22. and Jlary James, 17, both of Oak
land: Charles II. Miller. S3, and Mary
E. Roes. S3, both of San Francisco;
George D. Rowe. £5. Port Costa, and
Louise E. Jessen, 23, Irvington; David
H. Malotiey, 43, Milpitas, and Ida C.
Barr.da. 36, San Jose. ,. ',->'-' -
Marriage Licenses.
4
NEW ADVERTISEMENTS.
atAanors masim.
Modest Claims Often Carry Mar* Convic-
tion Than loud Beasts. :¦¦-
When Maxim, the fam>us Inventor. .
placed his gun before a toramltttee of
Judges, he stated Ha carrying power to
be considerable below whit he. felt sure
the gun would accompli*.- : The result"
of the trial was therefoe a triumph of
surprise instead of disappointment as it,
might have been if he h*d overestimated
hla gun'a efficiency. /
Our claim regarding Xe»bro'» Herplc!d« la
based on actual scientific f.cts.
If a living germ Is causag your hair to fa!]
out It's the most senslbb thing to kill that
germ.
Newbro*« Herplclda doe* this quickly and ef-
fectually. Destroy the c4ise, you remove tha
ejtect. /
> Sold by leading drutfists. Send 10c to
¦tamps for sample to "3'a Herplclda Co.. De-
trolt. Mich. /
PLATES AT COST
Made by the profevOrs of this college and guar-
anteed a perfect fi- We solicit the most Ji'fl-
cult cases and r*k« a specialty of nature-
looking and sarvltable teeth.*
Painless Methds. Extraction Tret.
Week Days. 9 to 9; Sundays. 9 to 1.
POST-GRAD TATE BSHTAZi COJmUIQX
San rrani'co— 3 Taylor Street.
Oakland — <T3 Washington Street.
San Jose— 4.' East Santa Clara Street.
„.__. S*cr»£«ato — 407 H J Stress. „
I - . ,— j*i* — _ -are the committees , in
charge of the dance:," Floor committee.
A, Michel. D. Pratt, J. P. Burke, M. J.
Fitzgerald, W. J. Scott, and C. E.
Clarke. Reception committee, A. E.
King, Dr. H. B. Mehnnann.. J. A.
Spangler, G. J. Ryan, F. Grube, J. B.
Gardella, J. M; Rule and CiE. Bush.
Committee of arrangements, A. Michel.
J. P. Burke, F. Grube and W.J. Scott.
B«d Men's Dance at Foresters' HalL
OAKLAND, Nov. 18.— Tecumseh Tribe
No. €2. and Uncas Tribe No. 137, In
dependent Order of Red Men. will give
a social dance at Foresters' Hall.
Thursday evening, November. 19. Henry
E. Hahn will act as floor manager, as
sisted by Dr. George G. Relnle and R.
A. Smith.
- WASHINGTON, ' Nov. IS.— To-day's
session of tbe Senate, began with' the
presentation of a petition « from the
"Dames of 1 846," : for an ; Increase of J30
a ; month : of all r persons granted pen
sions on account ; of - the Mexican war.
Gallinger said i the , pension ¦.-" committee
would 1 give due consideration to '* the
petition, but called ; attention ; to the
fact ; that : ail survivors of the Mexican
war now: receive pensions of 512.
Ask for Increased Pensions.
LOS ANGELES. Nov. 18.— Dates for
the stake races of the winter meeting
at Ascot Park have been announced by
Manager J. W. Brooks. They are as
follows: "'VV
Ascot handicap ($2300 added). Saturday, Feb
ruary 13. 190*.
Ascot Derby ($2000 added). 8aturday. Feb
ruary 2T, 1904.
Ascot cap ($1300 added). Saturday. March 12.
1904. .. -¦-..-¦ ' ••..-'.-¦
Ascot Oaks ($1200 added). , Saturday. Febru
ary 6. 1804.
Ilonywood - handicap ($1250 added), Friday.
December 25. 1903. -
Pasadena S handicap ($1230 added). " Friday.
January 1. 1004. .
Riverside handicap ($1000 added). Monday.
February 22, 1904.
Mount Lowe Mirfi"»n ($1000 added), . Thurs
day, December 24. 1903.
Coronado H.acn seumc stakes ($1250 added).
Saturday, January 23. 1904. -
Santa Catalina selling stakes ($1000 added),
Saturday, January 9, 1904. '¦¦'-.
San , Pedro eelllng stakes ($1000 added), Sat
urday. March 5. ¦ 1S04. -^EpaaMPJ&fBMqap
. Saota Barbara - stafces. 2-year-olds ($1000
added). Saturday. February 2O. 1904. - ¦
Santa- Monica stake*. 2-year-olds ($1000
added). Saturday. March 19.' 1904. '«JiV"i
Injrlewood steeplechase handicap ($1200
added). Saturday. January 20,-1904. -
Long Beach steeplechase . handicap ($1000
added). Saturday.. March 26. 1904. . :
San Gabriel "steeplechase handicap ($1000
added), Saturday. January 16, 1904.
Manager Brooks Announces the Sig
Events of Los Angeles Meet.
DATES OF ASCOT STAKES.
The American Institute of Bank
Clerks held its monthly meeting la«t
night in Red Men's Hall. It took the
form of a buffet lunch. The programme
embraced an especially fine number of
vaudeville acts. It was the largest at
tendance ever present since the organ
ization of the institute two years ago.
Bank Clerks Hold Meeting.
"I am at variance with your philoso
phy. You are unsound; socially you
are wrong and Industrially you are an
impossibility. I have faith in the trade
unionist movement because lt Is the
protector of labor to-day, and if eman
cipation comes some time it must be
the trade union movement that will
achieve IL"
A great volume of applause followed
Gompers' speech, and the rollcall re
sulted 12S3 in favor- and' 2185 against,
which meant that the convention had
refused to commit itself to socialism.
The announcement was hailed with
cheers. ""•
President Gompers defended the po
sition of Vice President Duncan, who
had been attacked by Carey. Gompers
pointed out that a vote for the resolu
tion would be construed by the world
as an indorsement of socialism. Gom
pers became very earnest, and even
bitter, in his argument against social
ism, and was interrupted frequently
from the floor. In closing he said:
"It would be a sad day, indeed,"
Mitchell concluded, "if trades unions
were made the tail end of a political
organization."
Delegate Carey addressed the conven
tion, making an extended argument in
favor of socialism.
John Mitchell, president of the United
Mine "Workers, said he thought It -a
great mistake If socialist friends at
tempted to commit the labor move
ment to the principles which they be
lieved.
Charles Lavia of Wilkesbarre argued
that there was something wrong. with
the body politic and that socialism
would cure the evil.
BOSTON, Nov. 18.— Discussion of the
question as to whether the American
Federation of Labor should place itself
on record as favoring socialism was re
sumed to-day at the convention of that
organization, and the proposition was
ultimately defeated. ?
D. "W. Richmond, president of the
Railway Clerks' International Associa
tion, declared during the debate that
his organization would withdraw If the
federation adopted socialistic ideas.
Federation of Labor
Denies Them Its In
dorsement.
Shafroth (D.) of Colorado added his
opposition" to "¦ the bill, saying lt was
undemocratic * and unrepublican and
fraught with danger to American In
dustries. He said plans had been pre
pared for beet sugar; plants in his
State, which would have risen If this
legislation had not been proposed. He
said the ' measure was unfair, and un
just to a growing industry.
But to pursue the dirty . aad surreptitious
methods (the facts concernlns which had - to
be dragxed out of Thurber's throat ia a Senate
committee) U disgraceful and ruinous -to any
administration under the sun. - No wonder
postofflce . thievery obtains in the land when
such acts as that can be notoriously done In
open " sunlight and " nobody comments upon
such political thievery. -
This means,' stripped of all vertlaye and the
bare facts stated.' that $20,000 was appropriated
from the Cuban rands on vouchers issued by
Leonard Wood, indorsed by the War Depart
ment of: this administration, reciting on t&elr
faces that they were for the purpose of Influ
encing cubllc ODlnlon in the United States in
favor of. this bill.
Gardner (R.) of Michigan explained
why he had changed his views and
now favors the passage of the bill. In
the first place, conditions had changed
in . the last two years. • He said the
president of a beet sugar plant in -his
district favored the bill.
Buj-gess (D.) of Texas characterized
the bill as an outrage. Reading an ex
tract from an article written by Thom
as B. Reed, Burgess said:
Bell (D.) of California followed In
opposition to the bill, saying the farm
ers of his State wanted the same meas
ure of protection now afforded them
and he urged that the beet sugar grow
ers needed the protection. He said the
Republicans who felt so certain that
California would be in the Republican
column should go to that State and see
how all the people felt on this sub
ject.
"When you pass this law yon strike
a blow at one of our greatest Indus
tries," he said.
BELL OPPOSES THE BILL.
¦ What they want Is to wipe us out. They
have come into the State of. Michigan and be
come Interested "In ten of our twenty factories,
and what for? They were afraid of that com
petitor. It is cheaper to ro there and boy up
those factories and sell them for scrao Iron
and gret the benefit of the enormous sum that
would come to th;m through the benefits . or
this measure than it Is to fight this competi
tion.
then reached his long fingers la tbe Cubaa
treasury and handed oat $20,000 to thla
And here Fordney used names which
might be called libelous if uttered any
where save in Congress.
"Fordney said, that with the reduction
on the tariff on .sugar which would fol
low this bill the trust at Its will would
reduce the price of sugar to a point
with which the beet sugar manufac
turers could ' not compete and, -when
they had crushed them out of exis
tence, would raise the price. He also
said th£t every pound of sugar coming
from Cuba went through the refineries
of either the American Sugar Refining
Company or Arbuckle, one having a
capacity of 40,000 barrels a day and
the other 20.000 barrels a day, a suf
ficient capacity to supply all the sugar
to all the people of this country for.
many years. Speaking of. beet sugar
production, he said:
HONOLULU, Nov. 10.— Henry E.
Highton has requested the press to
state that the Honolulu cablegram un
der date of October 23. which said that
he had announced himself as a can
didate" for the Federal Judgeship made
vacant by the death of Morris M. Es
tee, was not Justified by the fact.
Highton's name was suggested by a
local newspaper, but he made*no ap
plication for the position and declined
to state whether or no, in the event
of it being tendered to him, he would
accept or refuse.
Highton ITot After Judgeship.
Sixth--April ! 20. 1901. said Fisher agreed
to ' give : to said Dietrich certain valuable
consideration, $500, , for " aiding V to .secure
and securing the said office of postmaster,
Dietrich then being obligated to said
Grand Army of ,. the l Republic < post > by a
contract', In /writing" dated April , 9, 1901, .to
purchase such* property, and ; that Fisher
agreed ; to - and ; did .satisfy: said ; claim ' of
$300 by, paying said sum of money, to said
post.
Fifth— On April 20. = 1901, said Fisher did
agree to^give property to the value 'of
$300 to said : Dietrich. ;
Fourth— April 20, 1902. said Fisher agreed
to pay to said Dietrich $1300 for aiding to
procure and procuring the office of post
master at Hastings,' Neb. * /-.
Third-On July 8. 1901, giving a certain
valuable, consideration: to Dietrich, said
Dietrich being obligated by a certain con
tract in writing dated April 9. 1901, to pur
chase from Silas AT Strickland Post No
13, Grand Army of Republic, certain
goods and • chattels,* the property of said
post, and to pay. therefor the sum of $500:
said . Fisher did unlawfully satisfy [ and
discharge said claim to said post by the
payment of said sum of $500.
Second-Giving property to the value of
$500 on July 8. 1901. to said Dietrich for
aldln* in procuring for him the office of
postmaster. .
"I am very glad." said Summers,
"that this correspondence has been
made public I think it will explain
better than I possibly could do whether
or not it was "malice* that prompted
me to bring this matter to the atten
tion of the; Grand Jury at this term."
No capias has yet been issued for
United States Senator Dietrich on the
indictment charging bribery and con
spiracy. The bill of indictment against
Senator Dietrich ' has not been per
mitted by Judge Munger to be made
public and will not be given out, it is
said, until the Senator has appeared
to give bond. The bill against Post
master Fisher, however, was made
public to-day. It is as follows:
First-Violation of section 1781, Revised
Statutes of the United States, In that
Jacob Fisher on July 8, 1901, fraudulently
paid to Charles H. Dietrich, a member of
the United States Congress. $5w for aiding
to procure and procuring for said Fisher
the office of postmaster at Hastings,
Neb.-
It was explained that the paragraph
of this letter referring to Indians had
to do with other cases. In these cases
unofficial notice had come to Summers'
office of certain ~ alleged violations, of
the law by men' who were attempting
to fraudulently secure possession of
Indian lands. The District Attorney
asked for Instructions and the Depart
ment of Justice, in reply, stated that
the matter would be investigated by
the Department Tof the Interior. ,-;
Looking upon this case as a precedent
and -believing it reflected your wishes in
similar cases. I felt you would prefer, that
the investigation be made under direction
of the Postofflce Department, the conduct
of a postmaster and -¦• the ; terms ot
a ten years' lease being • , a subject
of Inquiry. This course was .not
adopted by me to avoid any unpleas
ant undertaking. On the contrary, it was
for the purpose of being the better pre
pared to. do my whole duty. Tour obed
ient servant. "W. 8. SUMMERS.
District Attorney.
May I ask if you will . not kindly read
the inclosed reauests made by me and
directions given by you relative to the in
vestigation before the Grand Jury of the
conduct of the agent of the Omaha and
Winnebago agency in Nebraska?
OMAHA. June 28. 19O3.-The Attorney
General. Washington, D. C— Sir : I have
the honor to acknowledge receipt of your
communication of the 26th inst. It Is a
matter of deep regret to me that any ac
tion on my part should fall to meet your
approval.
OMAHA, Nov. 18.— United States
District Attorney Summers was asked
what his reasons were for not present
ing the Hastings postofHce transaction
before the last Grand Jury for investi
gation and he replied by referring to
the following letter in reply to Attor
ney General Knox's communication:
District Attorney Summers Makes
Public Reply to Knox.
ADDS TO THE BEVELATION.
NEW YORK, Nov. lS.-There are I
two Dominican consulates in this city
now, one representing the government
cf President Wos y Gil and the other
the provisional or rebel government, of
¦which President Morales is the head.
• J. M. Giordan!, who came from San Do- j
.mingo City two months ago, announced j
himself to-day as the confidential agent j
cf the provisional government. He has j
his oSce at 116 Broad street. He gave |
, out this cablegram from Morales, dated
tt Santiago de los Caballeros:
"President Gil. as he Is going to fall, j
in order to retain power wishes to cede j
all territory of the republic to the j
United States. Please tell the press of
America that I protest against such ac
tion. Gil is trying to do this because
be has opened negotiations to this ef
fect."
With tvheni these reported negotia
tions were being conducted Giordan!
couJd not say.
SAN IX)iIINGO, Tuesday, Nov. 17.—
Pevere fighting took place last night j
arenrnd this city. The rebels were pre- !
vented entering the capital. The loss j
of "the rebels is not known.
The United States cruiser Baltimore j
landed marines to protect American in- j
terests. Guards were placed at the
American legation and consulate and '
the Clyde steamship agency.
WASHINGTON*. Nov. IS.— The State!
Department to-day received a cable
pram from Minister Powell, dated yes
terday, in which he says:
"General attack on city of San Do
rr.lngo last night. Baltimore landed j
marines for the protection of American i
interests."
In another cablegram, dated _Novem- j
ber 16. also received to-day, Minister i
Powell says:
"Situation desperate and unchanged.
City is constantly under fire of Insur
ants and shells are falling in the city.
An assault is momentarily expected."
Several telegrams have been ex
changed between Admiral Taylor, chief !
of the bureau of navigation, and Com- I
rr.ander Briggs, commanding the pro- j
tected cruiser Baltimore, which vessel i
has been cruising in Dominican waters
safe-guarding the interests of the United
a.es. .
Commander Briggs* reports indicate
that the bombardment of San 1>o
rningo by the insurrectionists "has been
hot." Having a chort coal supply.
Commander Briggs was authorized to
take the Baltimore to San Juan for coal
end then return to San Domingo City.,
In order that the interests of the United ;
States in the last-named city should be }
protected, orders were telegraphed to
Commander Dlehl. commanding the
grunboat Newport on the north coast of
Fen Domingo, to proceed at once to
San Dcmingo City.
CAPE HAYTIEN, Nov. IS.— A dis
patch from Monte Christ! says infor- 1
mation has been received from Santo
Domingo that United States Minister
Eowell, accompanied by Minister of
Foreign Relations Galvan, has gone \
aboard the United States cruiser Balti
more. The object of their visit to the
warship is unknown.
Spedal Dispatch to Th« Call
Severe Fighting at San Domingo and
Marines Aie Landed. From
the Cruiser Balti-
WASHINGTON, -Jov. 18.— A big ef
fort is to be made this winter by the
steamship Interests of the United States
to have Congress extend ito the Philip
pines the provisions of United States
statutes restricting to . of the
United States all trade" carried on be
tween this country and the Philippines.
A. R. Smith, president of the Maritime
Exchange of New York. Alfred Wind
sor of the Boston Steamship Company,
Representative' Littlefleld of Maine,
Fields S. Peridleton and Mr. Lucken
bach were at the War Department to
day making Inquiries as to the attitude
which will be taken by the Government
toward such legislation.
The Philippine Government is strong
ly opposed to the extension of the Unit
ed States coastwise laws to the Philip
pines at this time. The tariff bill passed
by Congress in 1902 provides that the
steamship coastwise law should not be
applicable In the Philippines to foreign
vessels engaging In trade between the
Philippine archipelago and the United
States or between ports In the Philip
pine archipelago until July 1, 1904.
Information was received at the War
Department to-day that a strong Brit
ish lobby intends taking part In the
fight this winter for the purpose of try
ing to have an extension granted so as
to favor British vessels engaged In the
Philippine trade. At the same time the
shipping interests of this country have
announced their Intention to seek legis
lation from Congress specifically ex
tending the United States coastwise law
to all vessels plying between this coun
try and the Philippines after July 1,
1904.
Special Dispatch to Th» Can.
SOCIALISTS LOSE
ON TEST VOTE
"WASHINGTON, Nov. IS.— Secretary
Moody to-day announced his decision
in the matter of the protest of Pay
master H. -E. Blscoe against the lan
guage used by Rear Admiral Evans,
commander in chief of the Asiatic Sta
' tion, in reviewing the result of the
i court martial of Assistant Paymaster
Nichols.
After ruling that Rear Admiral
Evans, as the convening and review
ing- authority of the court martial in
question, was within the limits of his
authority in criticising the finding of
not guilty upon the third charge, and
pronouncing the sentence inadequate,
and in bis criticism and animadversion
upon the court. Secretary Moody says,
in conclusion:
"It is not to be inferred from this
decision that, although the power of
censure by the reviewing authority by
courts martial is clearly shown to exist
by an unbroken practice of many
years, it should be indiscriminately ex
ercised. " It Is to be kept in mind that
members of courts martial must be in
dependent in their action and are\not
subject to control. It is to be regretted
that an occasion has arisen which in
the Judgment of the reviewing author
ity demanded so severe censure as was
inflicted in this case. Nevertheless, as
the members of the courts must be the
Judges of the measure of their duty,
so the reviewing authority must be the
judge oi the measure of his duty.
While the exercise of the discretion of
the reviewing authority is uncontroll
able, there is a clear remedy for an
abuse of it. If it should appear in any
case that, in the exercise of his au
thority of reviewing the proceedings
of courts martial .convened by him, a
commander In chief had acted capri
ciously, cruelly, with evident lack of
Judgment, or from Improper motives;
in short, if he had shown himself unfit
to be entrusted with the authority
which the law attaches to his position,
the department has the power to with
hold from him that authority in the
future by recalling him^from' his sta
tion. It Is, however, considered that
in this Instance, Rear Admiral Evans
has not shown himself unworthy of the
continued confidence of the departmenL
On the contrary, in view of the evi
dence before the court without weigh
ing too nicely the terms of his censure,
it Is believed that he was actuated by
a high sense of duty and Inspired by a
regard for the honor and welfare of the
service." , ;
'Richardson of Alabama sajd the ben
efit to the cotton industry of the South
west would - result from the 40
per. cent reduction on, the cotton sched
ule in the Cuban treaty was the reason
for his " support of > the bHl.
"Loud v (Republican) * of '-- -Michigan,
speaking in opposition to the bill, said
the 'adoption : . of jthe - Cuban '' measure
would the^ home sugar In
dustry, would retard and . Impede \ the
growth of > that industry and lessen I the
revenues ; by ; $10,000,000. As a business
proposition/ j;.he said, unreasonable
chances were ' being taken to secure a
net result of a" few ; millions. .
McMoran : - (Republican) of Michigan,
who also opposedithe 'bill, said the Re-,
publicans had Joined \ hands with ; the
Democrats to pass this; bill, which he
characterized as a free trade measure
tariff forjre venue only.
FOBDNEY GROWS VITRIOLIC. \;
Fordney. (Republican) of , Michigan
vigorously . opposed : the measure as an
"Infernal bill," • which he "}, said would
wi pe out the sugar industry; of % Michi
gan. ¦ He previewed the history .: of "the
beet sugar" industry and pointed .'out
how, * In . his opinion, it ' would > be. in
jured by.; the passage of the bill." Con
tinuing he said:
Some one has said that it makes no ¦ differ
ence i whether , you ' out '¦ this measure into law
or not."- If that I* . so. "'why was E. F.- Atkins
of • Bcston [ here ' nearly : two : years . ago? :-vvTiy
was . that ¦ <ntre ? Fordney used ; adjeeUvea
which s are considered *. llbelous - in most ' news
papers) Tharber here ? Why has he been here
as^he ¦ ha* sneaking .; around : this capitol • ever
since l'have been in * Congress— who afterward
admitted . that he «u paid by the sugar truat
and lied when '. before the Committee onlays
and Mean* when : the gentleman • from ? Minne
sota iTawney) asked : htm -if he had ; received
money ! f rom • Havemeyer of . the sugar * trust in
any tray,*' ehaije ! or.' manner. « and : he said | no,
but i a i few days ? later : when placed I on 1 oatn
testified 5 that" h« 3 had .received money directly
from Major General v.Wood. '; Military j Governor
Oh. v what - 'action by a high ; of flcial ! '.. , He
claimed ¦ that ". th« ; Cubans j. were . starving and
Grosvenor said the Democrats would
find some fighting ground in Delaware
and Idaho, possibly.
"Maryland." he said, "is ours; Mon
tana somewhat doubtful. I put New
York in the doubtful column against
ray own Judgment," Jie^ said, adding,
"that if : the Democrats do not carry
New York City by double the vote
given McClellan they will be defeated
in that State.".
IN THE BEPUBLICAM; COLUMN".
He said this gave the Democrats 151
votes and left sixty-two doubtful. He
then named the following as the-Re
publican States: California, Colorado.
Connecticut,- Illinois. Indiana,- -Iowa,
Kansas, Maine, ..; Michigan, 'Minnesota,
Massachusetts, Nebraska, New Hamp
shire, New Jersey, North Dakota, Ohio,
Pennsylvania. Rhode Island, South Da
kota, Vermont. .Washington, West Vir
ginia, Wisconsin and " Wyoming, with
a total of 263 votes.
'¦"¦ Grosvenor. said the Panama question
would not afford ¦ the Democrats an Is
sue, . and in- this connection he said
there was no Agulnaldo-down- there, as
all were on our side on : the ; Isthmus.
Grosvenor was frequently interrupted
by questions from^the minority. He
spoke for more than ' an hour and was
loudly applauded .on the '- Republican
side 'during and atthe close of his re
marks.
Grosvenor— I might add Ohio, but I
won't. (Laughter on the Republican
side.)
Loud applause followed on the Re
publican side. Grosvenor, replying to
the statement of Clark as to the prob
ability of the Democrats ' gaining con
trol ; of the next Congress and , electing
the next President, said he would show
what the result would be. The Demo
crats, he said, would carry Alabama,
Arkansas, Florida, Kentucky, Louisi
ana, Missouri. North Caro
lina, South' Carolina, Tennessee, Texas
and Virginia.
Sulzer of New York— And you might
add New York.
Clark had asked if Grosvenor knew
that of the nineteen men convicted in
St. Louis sixteen were Republicans.
"I don't know," replied . Grosvenor,
"but if that is true it doesn't speak
well for the fairness of the administra
tion of Justice." •
Answering a statement made by
Clark of. Missouri as to conditions ex
isting when Mr. .Cleveland went in as
President, Grosvenor said:
"Immediately upon the election of
Cleveland there was practically a sus
pension of the . Income from the
revenues of the Government into the^
Treasury of the United States. It was
natural; it was inevitable. It would
happen again If somebody other than
Roosevelt should be elected President
next year."
WASHINGTON, Nov. 13.— The oppo
sition to the Cuban bill was heard in
the House to-day In vigorous speeches.
The features of the day were tie
speeches of Grosvenor of Ohio, who
opened the discussion in advocacy of
the bill, and Fordney (R.) of Michigan,
who spoke in opposition. Among others
who spoke in opposition to the bill
were Shafroth (D.) of Colorado and
Bell . (D.) of California. The tfebate
will close to-morrow and a vote will
be taken not later than 4 p. m.
' Grosvenor, who led off to-day,
prefaced his remarks by saying that,
while the debate had taken a ; wide
range, he regretted that there had been
no discussion on the other side of the
House of the Panama canal , question.
In this connection, he said, the position
of the administration was unassailable
and would redound to the glory of 'the
American people.
Grosvenor said he would not permit
his vote on this .question to be chal
lenged as affecting his attitude on the
dominant' question of protection of
American industries. Speaking on tar
iff revision, he said the Republicans
would revise the schedule when they
got ready to do so arid in their own
way, without any aid from the opposite
side of, the House, and that the revis
ion would be with special reference to
the upbuilding of American industries
without disturbing present conditions.
EEPIIES TO CHAMP CLABK
"I especially disapprove of your car
rying out interference with -the proper
functions of the Jury to the extent of
using your promise to submit the mat
ter to this department for direction in
the -premises as an argument, in your
effort to persuade the Jury to discon
tinue their investigation; Upon the
whole your action, in the matter, and
the end accomplished and the means
employed were astonishing, unwarrant
ed and highly improper."
CALL BUREAU,. 1406 G . STREET,
N. W., WASHINGTON, Nov. 18— That
the charges against Senator Dietrich of
Nebraska will be vigorously investi
gated by direct order of the President,
and that Dietrich came very near being
indicted on charge of selling postofflce
appointments last spring, through the
same information upon which he has
Just been indicted, were sensational de
velopments in the case. to-day.
The correspondence of the Depart
ment of Justice with District Attorney
Summers, whom Senator Dietrich ia
trying to have displaced, show that the
District Attorney gave Attorney Gen
eral Knox the . testimony in the* case
last June, and added that it was
through Summers* influence with tha
Grand Jury, in session at' that -time,
that the indictment was held up. Sum
mers was bitterly rebuked for having
interfered to save Dietrich, Knox
closing a letter to him as follows:
Special Dispatch to Tb« CalL
Would Bring His Republic
Under the Flag of the
United States.
At the conclusion of the banquet the
royal personages and their guests ad
journed to the state drawing-room,
where a Viennese orchestra played se
lections. t , •
.This morning King Victor and King
Edward shot pheasants in the great
park at Windsor, while Queen Helene
and Queen Alexandra visited Queen
Victoria's tomb at Frogmore, on which
Queen Helene deposited a wreath.
The memories to which your Majesty refers
live in my .heart and in the hearts of all
Italians alnce the historic and eventful period
which led Italy to unity and which tendered
to England, always greater and more powerful,
the feelings of sympathy and friendship which
now unite the two peoDles. For" my people
these feelings have contlnaed to Increase and
they constitute a tradition for my Government.
They are Important factors In Italian policy,
which, like the policy of your Majesty's Gov
ernment, Is one of peace and civilization. I
thank your Majesty for your cordial welcome
of me and of my Queen In this historic castle,
where everything breathes of the glory of your
ancestors and which brings before me the
image of the great and regretted Victoria.- I
drink to the health of your Majesty, your
Queen and the royal family.
Sire: It has given Qne«n Alexandra
and myself great pleasure to receive you herf
as our guests In this old historic castle. His
tory reseats itself. I remember aa If It were
but yesterday that your Illustrious grandfather
forty-eight years ago came here as the truest of
my beloved mother and my lamented father.
At that time we were at war and our armies
fought together. Thank God. we are now at
peace, and the aim of our I countries is to
maintain It and to work together in the paths
of progress and enlightenment. I have not
forgotten the kind and cordial reception given
me some months aeo in Rome on the part of
your Majesties and the Italian people, and I
feel sure that to-morrow when you pass
through the streets of London you will meet
with a reception most gratifying, to yourselves
aad one which will give expression to the
hearty feeling of friendship which va.y • people
desire to evince toward you and your country.
Let me cow drink to the health of your Maj
esties. Again thanking you for staying with
us, I wish your Majesties, your family and
your country all prosperity and happiness.
King Victor Emmanuel replied in
English, saying:
ITALY'S TENDEB MEMORIES.
In proposing a toast to their Italian
Majesties, King Edward said:
The guests were first received in the
grand reception-room by King Edward
and Queen Alexandra and King Victor
Emmanuel and Queen Helene. At 8:45
the guests entered the banquet hall in
the following order: King Edward with
Queen Helene.^King Victor 1 Emmanuel
with Queen Alexandra, the Prince of
Wales with the Princess Victoria, the
Duke of Connaught with the Duchess
of Argyle, Embassador Choate with the
Duchess of Connaught; Signor Tlttonl,
Italian Minister of Foreign Affairs,
with Princess Margaret of Connaught;
the Russian Embassador, Count' Beck -
endorff, with Princess Victoria of Con
naught; Prince Alexander of Batten
berg with Princess Louise of Schles
wig-Holsteln; the French Embassa
dor. M. Cambon, with Princess Chris
tian of Schleswig-Holstein; Prince
Christian of Schleswig-Holstein with
the Princess of Wales; -Prince Alexan
der of Teck with Princess Alice; the
Spanish Embassador, the Duke de
Mandas, with the Duchess of Albany;
the Turkish Embassador, Stefanakl
Musurus Bey, with Mrs. Choate; the
German Embassador, Count Wolff-
Metternich, with Princess Victoria of
Schleswig-Holstein.
The remaining guests followed in the
order of their rank. Including other
Embassadors and their wives. Lord
Londonderry, * Lord Selborne, Lord
Lansdowne, Lord Rosebery, Lord Mil
ner, W. J. Broderick, Sir Henry
Campbell-Bannerman, Sir William Ver
nou Harcourt, Arnold-Forster, Joseph
Chamberlain, Austen Chamberlain and
Admiral Kerr. jj The British Premier, A.
J. Balfour, was absent on account of
indisposition, which, it Is reported, is
the result of a slight chilL .
TOASTS OF THE KINGS.
LONDON. Nov. .18. — St. George's
Hall, a' magrniflcent Norman gallery of
Windsor Castle, in which many for
eign sovereigns have been entertained,
was the «cene to-night of a state ban
quet, the first elaborate function mark
ing the royal welcome to King Victor
Emmanuel and-Queea Helene of Italy.
The function was in every way as bril
liant as any witnessed in the famous
hall on past occasions. There were 160
guests. Including the royal hosts and
their royal guests, prominent states
men of Great Britain and Italy, Em
bassadors from three continents . and
representatives of the army and navy.
The guests were seated at a long ta
ble, on which the famous service of
gold plate and the masses of flowers
formed a brilliant avenue of color and
of sparkling light, reflected from an
Incomparable display of Jewels.
MANY NOTABLE GTJESTS.
Strong British Lobby to Op
pose Measure at Com
ing Congress.
Grosvienor of Ohio Indulges
in Forecast of Next
Year's Election.
Correspondence Show3 That
Attorney General Knox
Directed Inquiry.
Harassed President Gil
Looks to America
for Aid.
St. George's Hall Scene of a
Great Gathering of
Royalty.
Reviewing Authority Is Sus
tained in Court-Mar
tial Afifiir.
Edward VII Gives Ban
quet to Victor Em
manuel of Italy.
Complaint of Paymaster
Eiscoe Held to Be
Untenable.
General Leonard Wood
Assailed by Members
of House.
Shipping, Interests to
Ask American Laws
for Philippines.
Orders Investigation of
Senator Dietrich's
Conduct.
DOMINICANS
MOVING FOR
ANNEXATION
MOODY UPHOLDS
"FIGHTING BOB"
KING SAYS KIND
WORDS TO KING
WANT UNCLE SAM
TO HAVE TRADE
BITTER DEBUTE
ON CUBAN BILL
PRESIDENT TAKES
A HAND IN CASE
THE SAJs FBAJfClSCO CALL, THURSDAY, NOVEMBER 19, 1903;
Boardman Denies Charges.
OAKLAND., Nov. 18.— Millionaire 'Jo-?
seph • Boardman to-day filed a general
denial of the charges made against him
by James McKeon, a tenant, :. who; is
suing ¦"' him" for - $10,000 'damages. :^ VLc-'
Keon Is I a ; cripple and "claims - Boar'd^
man moved his ; house * while he , was' in
side^; and : left", him .without - water - or
sewer connections for weeks. -
WASHINGTON. -- Nov. 13.— Delegate
McGuire * of Oklahoma . to-day Intro
duced a bill in .- the ... House granting
statehood to Oklahoma.
NAPA. . Nor. IS.— Mr*. Pauline Halt, mother
of Captain A. Hatt.' died yesterday at kermt.
d* nca . In 1 this city, w She > was a ' native, of Ger
many, aged 93 years/ and had, resided In Nap*,
xsaay years. Four , children rurrtve her.
Statehood Bill ¦ for. Oklahoma.
ALAMEDA, , Nov. lS.—The first . and
second : elevens "of Uhe Alameda High
School will - play the corresponding
teams of ¦" the , Hitchcock Military -Acad
emyot -San> Rafael rnext> Saturday Con
the ( grounds* at ; San ; Raf aei:, •; The High
School teams jwill leave Alameda on [the
.7 : 55 al m.' broad gauge. ' The' members
of Uhel first teanu are A.V Mackie Jr.;
right I end; "i R.~ Marks.; center; ; E. Allen;
left guard ; R. Simonson; left tackle ;] E.*
BriishS left! end ;)B3Paul, quarter backf
CanllizQ^ right- halfbackT R. s Baker (cap-;
tain), -fullback, and W." Moohn, left
halfback. ':^ffljBs \
Will Play in San Baf ael.
5
DS* PIEBCE'S KEMZDIES.
Narrow €iiest$.
. The eld theory that cocswnption was
isher.trd is ottrrly discredited br modem
aedicil scieace. The yerni * of con-
ernpt'.oa aust be received froia trith-
otrt. Th«se gems arc every where.
They are constantly being received »nd
ness fall a
1^ •. » • 1 A *re too we&k cf
\ - «j4s l " c? tc n^ if * - ad
¦• Doctor Pierce's
7&&4 iFtt Golden Medical
$Svk i SK3 C0Ter 7 makes
3S3* * ! 3 strong. It cures
-*&£&§* ODSt ' aate ieep-
*ii»£t&&o&'*j^*>V'& se » te d coQ(hi,
cfl JS 19 weakness, caacia-
tioa tsd other conditions which if n;j-
" lected or txn&kilmllT treated &ad a fatal
ten::;sitica ia conssaptioa.
$3,000 FORFEIT will be paid by
the World's Dispensary Medical Asso-
ciation, Proprietors, \ Buffalo, X. Y., if
they csnrot show tht original dgsatnre
of the individual volunteering the testi-
caooial below, and alai of the writers of
.every testimonial tmoag the thoasand*
'which they are cosstaxtiy poblishing.
thns provisg their gentineness.
• "In the spria#; of 1900 1. was taken with
beiaorrhsxe of tfce hta«, *o& became rery
wr*fc aad short of brcaih. lott Aesh snd bad no
appetite." writes Mr. E. L. RAinctt. «t Xerxes,
Tcca. ¦ "I was persuaded toltry "Or: Piere:'*
Golden Kedkai Discorerr. Tie fir*, frw bottles
aeetard to da at but little gwd. Thoacht I
voold soon be a victis of that treaded disease,
consumption. Bad alaoct fivrsi ap in despair
whea my Weads persuaded at I© five rear
'Golden Medical Zttscorery' a Hx triaL I com.
neaeed its swe. I weich itepeaad* now. and.
L*.-«t: I COtBOCSCed I onJjr -mrigixii 140 pooatU.
S;: acy one doobts this atslemtst I vQI be
pleased to aacwer asy Saqasry." \
Accept no enbstitcte for "Oplden Med-
jeal Discovery." Nothlcj is.'jtst as good."
Dr. Pierce'* Pleasant Pellets tleaasc the.
Clogged •ystem trora iaspuritie*.', -
AD VEBTTiTKTffF. Jf TS.
ra^/KsSB EB^9 |sass| isff]
SI8K HEADAOHE
Positively cured by these
Xittle Pills.
They also relieve Distressfeoin Dyspepsia,
Cndlgesdbn and Too Jlearty Eating. A per-
fect remedy for Dirziaess, Xxssea, Drowsi-
aess. Bad Taste in the Mouth, Coated Tongoa
Paia ia the Side, TORPID LIVER. They
Regulate the Bowels. Pcrely Vegetable.
Small Pin. Small Dose,
Small Price.
1805Tapsl805
¦'VsWvlBKSi'^HflS'VKWBi
Notice Is hereby given that the taxes
on all personal property secured by
real property and one-half of the taxes
on real property win be due and pay-
able on Monday. November 2, 1903. and
will be delinquent on Monday. Novem-
ber 30. 1903. at 6 o'clock p. m.. and un-
less paid prior thereto, fifteen per cent
will be added to the amount thereof,
and that if said one-half be not paid
before the last Monday In April next
! at 6 o'clock p. m., an additional five per
cent will be added thereto; that the re-
maining one-half of the taxes on all
I real property will be payable on and
i after the first Monday in January next,
j and will be delinquent on the last Mon-
j day In April ¦ next thereafter at 5
j o'clock p. m., and unless paid prior
I thereto, five per - cent will be> added to
the amount thereof.
That all taxes may be paid at the
time the first installment as herein
provided is due and payable.
That said taxes are due and payable
at the office of the Tax Collector, New
City HalL
N. B. — For the convenience of tax-
payers unable to call during the day,
; this office will be open continuously
: during the month of November frota
S:30 a. m. to 9 p . m.. commencing Mon-
day, November 16, 1903.
Taxpayers whose assessed valuation
Is covered- by mortgage will this year,
owing to the Increased valuation for
State purposes, have a tax to pay.
and should in all cases ask for their
bills.
Taxpayers will greatly facilitate this
office and themselves by bringing last
year's tax bills. ¦
(Signed) EDWARD J. SMITH.
Tax Collector of the City and County
of San Francisco.
The Admiring Glances
Of every critical dresser are cast upon
U. S. Laundry work by reason of Its
striking finish, superb cleanliness and
the comfort of neck bands that fit tha
wearer.' ',,
Costs you nothing more than you're
now paying to enjoy all this. Phone call
South 420 will do the trick for you.
UNITED STATis LAUNDRY
O77XCB 1004 aCAXXET.BTXEBT;
Near PowtU.
'KBG
Guaranteed Puce*
None So Good*
Sold Etirytifitfti.
hilbert KEKCA>rrm: ca.
- Paeiflc Ctwst At trtx ts.
Richly nnrtered. *f *-*-**"
I solely for beef extract, acd 2.(300
t "head" per day reqairad to fill the
§ Httla wfelts Jars found In tho hands
/ of Good Cooks throughout
\^^^& the world. That Is th»
Liebig Company's
Extract of Beet
Avisit DR. JORDAN'S oncATi
|iUSEUiiOFiAMATOHY>
0 ¦•'O* ¦-'•ansuinsB.w.iiuia.fwu.J
\- -Ef' ' The LatreuAantminl Mshctm t»t>« \ -
A tiV>-w Wsrkl - WeuusHt «r jay t»i»i»«N«i Q
Q PCS m ipeatui «Q 15* Ceuc Esc. 3* yon.. Q
4 fl§s? OS. J080AX-OISEASES OF MEN J
\ F^V?!> C«"«I»a«i fn* tad uiKtty pctm««. \
6 I /*/ Tt«i«4Btt prn»mi:iy m *T lener. A g
f I ya f»mtm £W.air«rjc»»e«»4<n»Jita. T
A P i f'Q 1 " w*t *» b*. r»aL«sw«» •! i
y I I { giKiiiAct. v<E.n rtsa. Uf
At ii ntaWe tak tot srs) iyMSOMMfffAl
9 BBL JU3DAS * CO. MM Msrkrt JSL.9. *. ¥
Q'<a^O,-^<ss >^V<fc.^s>^'^ <^'^^^»
¦ AWIII B a CarrftoSTATCCSZaCssM
iA k Vll!H M II tabsmrnm. lUlWrtUy ,
inVililllllliu^n Jto tut**ruZdutTHE American Federation of Labor proposes that when
the isthmian canal is dug the work shall be done by
American labor, and that this shall be provided for by
law. For climatic and unchangeable physical reasons, this
would mean that no canal will ever be dug. The isthmus is of
low altitude and has nothing to relieve the tropical conditions
of the climate. American labor cannot live there, nor under
tropical conditions anywhere. To send it to the isthmus to
toil would be sending it to sure death.
Men have not forgotten the mortality that attended the
construction of the Panama railroad, although the labor em
ployed was native or coolie. The work on the canal will be
much more arduous, "and with permission to use even the
tropical races it will be found difficult to get a sufficient sup
ply that is even partially immune to the deadly heat and dews
and damps of> that region. Workers from the temperate
zone, and especially from the United States, cannot resist the
fatai influences of the climate. So many! experiments have
been made, from the Darien scheme until recent times, that
no one. need go astray as. to the ; physical conditions under
which the canal must be du$f.'
The climate of Hawaii is much more favorable than that of
the isthmus. Indeed it is probably the most favorable of all
the tropical" climates. But Americans cannot j work in the
cane fields of Maui, nor. elsewhere in that territory. The
American population of Hawaii is steadily decreasing,^ which
means, that those who went there expecting to ; maintain
themselves by manual labor are compelled to retire, surren
dering to the imperious influences of the climate.
As the proposition of the Federation means an obstruction
to the canal. work instead of facilitating it, we hope the labor
leiders will make ah examination : of the climatic facts and
change their plans in that •particular. ; It: will be found that
the expert overseers,' the .engineers and official representa
tives whose presence on the isthmus will be necessary during
the period of construction, although able to , relieve them-'
selves somewhat, as laborers -cannot, of the ill effects of cli
mate, wil| have to frequently resort to the temperate rone/ to
recuperate from the exhausting impairment of strength 'due'
"to the tropical Heat arid moisture! . V
It ; is probable that some newspapers will support the 'de
lusion that American labor can stand the; climate, but this
will be done either, for demagogic purposes; or to delay the
work, " in 'the interest : of aritagonistic^combmatiana* . T^c
WORK ON THE ISTHMUS.
For instance, the man who marries
a fool usually becomes lowered in
ideals and mentality. The woman who
marries a boor sinks to his level or else
raises him nearer to hers.
The question of marriage grows year
ly more complex. "Society's double
standard of ethics for man and :, for
woman is cruelly hard upon . the * lat
ter. Were the same code made appli
cable to both the aspect of marital life
would undergo a "vast transformation
for the better.. In the meantime choice
of helpmeets, ; culded by community of
tastes, the uplifting of one's i own in
tellect and education and that of one's
husband or.wlfe^ and refer-,
ence , to' the good old maxim, ; "Bear*and
forbear,"- willjdo \ much "to, r save- count
less married 'couj>les a lifetime of* mla
er 3v"" " , - • .. -/ v— _
The happiest unions are found where
both husband and wife have intellect.
Man and wife, by constantly living to
gether, have such a strong effect each
on the formation of the other's char
acter that it is surprising this point of
view Is not of tener considered before
alliances are entered upon. Each mod
ifies the other's characteristics and per
sonality. After a few years this change
in personality is often apparent to
every one.
Similarity of tastes and pursuits is
the firmest foundation for that preca
rious- structure known as matrimonial
alliance. Self-control, too, is a domi
nant factor In household peace, and
this is found to a much . greater de
gree among intellectual ami highly ed
ucated people than among those of a
lower order of mind. An intellectual
couple defer to and value each other's
opinions, and each gives up to a cer
tain extent his or her personal opin
ions, prejudices and plans.
I do not, therefore, believe in the the
ory that persons of like tendencies
should not marry. There can be no
Ideal married state between people of
widely separate interests and attain
ments.
"You admire Miss -V I once said
to a man of the world. "Why don't you
marry her?"
„ " M y d *ar Mrs. Blake," he laughed,
she is far too handsome. A diamond
Is fine to look on, but one would find
far more safety and real companionship
with a collie dog."
Common sense is a strong factor In
married happiness, , and the intellectu
al woman knows best when and how
to yield in matters of real importance
and does not magnify trivialtles.
Men are always attracted by a pretty
face, but the wiser among them do not
want to marry a woman who will be
too attractive to other men.
Unhapplness in married life is most
often due to lack of communlty^of in
terest between man and wife. The man
of literary tastes cannot find an en
during companion in the mindless but
terfly of fashion. The woman who
keeps abreast of the times cannot long
be interested In the society 'of the hus
band who shares none of her Interests
and amusements. And this brings me
to the '* oft-vexed, never-quite-solved
problem:
"Does a man prefer a pretty wife or
an intellectual one?"
While the two qualities are by no
means Incompatible. I maintain that
the chances of the intellectual woman
far outclass those of her prettier but
shallower sister. *
There may or may not be a modi
cum of truth in the lad's blundering
assertion and in .the father's doubting
Indorsement. At any rate there can be
no doubt that on two points hang all
the difference between married happi
ness and married purgatory. These
two requlsities to happy conjugal life
are mutual affection and unselfishness.
The former of course Includes sympa
thy in tastes, and with this it is my
Intention to deal. •
A great source of misery is the draw-
Ing tog-ether through a brief attraction
of two people who have nothing in
common on which to build a regard
and respect which Bhall endure when
the Ignis fatuus of mere infatuation
shall haVe burned itself out.
In cases of "this sort, if there are no
children, it maj' be. eminently proper
that the husband and wife separate
when the marriage bonds gall unbear
ably, but where there are children- this
condition changes "and forbearance
must be practiced. The household
must not be broken up. -Better live
on together in mutual misery than to
rob your children of the home ties that
are inalienably theirs.
"Hush, brother!" counseled . the
father superior. "Perchance the child
is right."
"No, no!" gasped the hprrifled cate
chist. "you have given the definition of
purgatory."
In a modern washing plant the coal
(s lifted to the top of the high building
und dumped on screens, which divide
it into its several sizes. The nut coal
falls into the jigs, but the fine coal
finds its way into a trough of running
water. After the nut coal Is. Jigged it
Is 4ellvercd to a bumping screen, which
carries it along until the water escapes,
and then the clean -apt coal falls, in to
But the improved washers use a "Jig"
for separating the foreign matters from
the coal. This is a large box having
two compartments. In one a plunger
w orks up and down, forcing water,
which fills the compartments under the
partition— which comes but half-way
down from the top— up through the
ecreen which forms the bottom of the
other compartment. The water— worked
up and down by the churning motion
has enough force to lift the coal as it
is fed into the Jig, but not enough to
more than agitate the impurities. This
action separates the coal from the for
eign matter, moving the coal through
the opening provided and working the
refuse to a hole near the center, where
it falls into a box to be carried off by
a screw conveyor.
The simplest appliance used for wash
lnc coal Is the trough washer. It is
an open-end box, set on a slant. The
coal, carried through a flume with the
water, runs into the higher end. The
heavier impurities sink to the bottom,
but the lighter coal, swept along by
the swift current, is caught by the
boards of a conveyor which moves
against the stream and Is lifted out of
the trough.
The "bumping table," another form
of washer, is a wooden trough about
S Inches deep. 8 feet long and 2% feet
wide, which is bumped at regular in
tervals against a post at the higher
end. The water and coal enter at the
upper end, and when the table is
bumped the impurities are Jolted uphill
and the water carries the clean coal
off the lower end.
When there is more than thirty
pounds of sulphur, in the form of iron
pyrites, sulphate of lime and magnesia
or organic sulphur, In a ton of bitumin
ous coal it is not good fuel. The iron
pyrites occur sometimes In solid dense
. lumps which are easily separated from
the coal by "washing:." But when the
iron pyrites take the form of thin
flales, liberally Eprinkled through the
mass, it floats away with the good coal
%.nd is not easily removed. The thin,
white sheets seen in some coal is sul
phate of lime, and when It Is found In
small parts scattered In the coal it is a
difficult task to get rid or it. "Bone"
coal is a trial and tribulation to the
coal producer. It is slaty coal — some
times more slate than coal, and again
more coal than slate — but at all times
a nuisance. Fire clay is easily washed
out, but It takes sweet revenge by
fettling down, a thick, sticky mud,
clogging the screens ;and making
trouble generally. But all these im
purities are floated and bumped and
screened and Jigged until the good coal
is pretty well rid of them.
"Washed coal" has been produced for
sometime, but It is only within the
last few years that washers have been
recognized as somethlnsr which every
well-regulated and up-to-date soft coal
Bhaft should have on the premises.
Now there are great buildings with ele
vators, bins, conveyors. Jigs, troughs,
chutes, screens, huge pumps and much
water which wash from fifty to one
hundred tons of coal every hour, and
the discriminating coal buyer will do
veil to purchase .washed coal, for he
will get more fuel to the ton end fewer
clinkers.
"Washed coal" on signboards and
listed with "smokeless." "Hocking Val
ley." "Indiana block." "third vein"
and other brands of steam and domes
tic fuel of the bituminous order is not
what most coal consumers think it is.
Many soft coal buyers have a vague
Idea that the enterprising coal man
turns the hose on his coal pile, cleans
off the mud and clay, labels the sprink-
Jed lumps "washed coal" and then
tacks on an extra quarter of a dollar
a ton, on the ground that it Is some
thing particularly fine. Others— and
some of these are intelligent business
men— think that washed coal is mined
from the bed of a river and is cleaned
by the current as it is lifted to the sur
face.
Soft coal is "washed" to rid it of cer
tain impurities which reduce its fuel
value. The method of separating fire
flay, sulphur, slate, bone coal and other
impurities from the coal is called
"washing," because flowing water Is
the principal agent employed to do the
separating. The foreign matters In
coal are heavier than the coal and if
the impurities and coal are agitated
together in the water the slate, sul
phur, etc., will sink to the bottom and
the coal will float. Clean coal, of
'course, will sink in still water, but if
the water is moving with some velocity
the lumps will float in suspension Ions
enough* and far enough to permit of
Its separation from the deleterious sub
st^ ces.
"Washed coal" is becoming fashion
able with users of the bituminous. A
facetious soft coal dealer remarked a
few days ago, "Pretty soon you people
¦will want your coal not only washed,
but clear starched and ironed with a
domestic finish."
Crafts.")
1. Au'.i.cr of "Shop Talk on the "Wonders of the
BY MAIiOOLM McDOWELI*.
Washing Coal.
If it be said that the constitution should explicitly provide
for the death of elected but not inaugurated President. and
Vice President, the answer may well be that the constitution
imposes upon Congress the duty of providing for the general
welfare, and that requires that executive authority be un
broken, and it would not be broken because of the unlimited
tenure of the Cabinet officers, who remain in authority until
their successors are appointed, confirmed by the Senate and
sworn into office.
The act of July, 1789, creates the office of Secretary of the
department of foreign affairs, and, by 'the act of September
of the same year, the title was changed to Secretary of State.
Neither act limits the tenure of the Secretary of State, and
so in practice that officer and all the members of the Cab
inet retain functions until their successors are appointed and
confirmed by the Senate. They are executive officers, en t
trusted with administration of executive affairs.
Vice President Hendricks died during the Forty-ninth
Congress; John Sherman was President pro tern, of
the Senate, and John G. Carlisle was Speaker of the
House. It then occurred to our statesmen that un
der the act of 1792, it became possible for the Pres
idency to pass from the party in the majority at the
last election to the minority, for had President Cleveland <
by death or disability been removed Senator Sherman
would have become President. As the constitution empow
ers Congress to provide the Presidential succession, the act
of 1792 was changed, in respect of the succession provided,
by one passed January 19, 1886.
This act provides that in case of death or disability of
both the President and Vice President, the succession shall
pass to members of the Cabinet in this order: Secretary of
State, Secretary of the Treasury, Secretary of War, Attor
ney General. Postmaster General, Secretary of the Navy,
and Secretary of^the Interior. The order is that of the sen
iority of each Cabinet department. Originally the Secretary
of. -War ruled the navy also, and the navy became a separate
department later on. . The departments' of agriculture and
commerce were not then in existence.')'.-^
Now it is evident that in the contingency foreseen by Sen
ator Lodge, the death of both the President and Vice Presi
dent elect, between the casting of the electoral votes and the
day of inauguration, March 4, there would arise this condi
tion: The terms of the President and Vice President being
fixed by the constitution at four years, when March 4
came there would be neither President nor Vice President,
and as the Secretary of State has no: limit-»to m ' s tenure of
office, he would still be Secretary, and would become acting
President and would act until a new election could be held as
provided by the law of 1792. Such construction of the law
does no violence to the constitution and is directly deriv
able from the act of 1886. So there is no doubt that under
the law of 1792 in such case the President pro tem. of the
Senate would have become acting President for the inter
regnum. The last act has the merit of putting more lives
in line for the succession.
gress.
All this is exactly stated. But he then proceeds to con
trast this explicit care about the Senate with what he calls
"the dangerous oversight of which the makers of the con
stitution were guilty in making similar provision for the.Ex
ecutive. A Vice President was created to take the place of
the President in case of the latter's death or disability, and
in the event of the death or disability of both the President
or Vice President Congress was empowered to settle the suc
cession by law. But in the case, by no means impossible, of
the death or disability of the President elect or of both the
President and Vice President elect after the adjournment of
the Electoral Colleges and before March 4, no provision
was made for the sucession or for the continuance of the Ex
ecutive subsequent to March 4." -
The act of 1792 provided that in event of the death or
disability of both President and Vice President, the succes
sion should pass in turn to the President of the Senate and
the Speaker of the House. And that in such event the Sec
retary of State should issue notification for an election of
President and Vice President.
SENATOR HENRY CABOT LODGE of Massachu
setts has not only distinguished himself in state'stnan
ship, but is a historical writer of established reputation.
In an article "The Senate," in the current number of Scrib
ner's, he fails to sustain his reputation for exactness of state
ment. After discussing the origin of the Senate, its peculiar
relation to the Executive by exercising its "adyice and con
sent" in appointments and its participation in the treaty
making power, he details correctly the care taken by the
makers of the constitution to perpetuate that branch of Con-
• • •
Some soft coals are so pure and clean
by nature than for years they have
commanded higher prices than their
dirtier competitors. But the coal wash
er has come to the aid of the less for
tunate mines, and now "washed coal"
is making serious inroads on the trade
hitherto practically monopolized by the
higher grade coals.
Intellectual Wives:
BY LILLJE DEVEREUX BLAKE,
(Authoress ana Lecturer. President National
Legislative League.)
"My son," said the mission priest to
the Spanish child, "define matrimony."
"Matrimony," replied the boy, "is a
state of torment to be endured in the
blessed hope of purifying the soul for
heaven." V«v
Last of all, the water, which has been
doing the work runs into the "sludge"
tank, a deep trough nearly 100 feet
long. Here the coal dust, which is too
light and fine to be jigged, bumped or
screened, settles to the bottom, from
which it is scraped by scrapers carried
on link belting to one end, where it is
caught by. the buckets of an elevator
and lifted out.
The fine coal in the meantime is
swept along with the water to a "grad
inp trough," which is simply a settling
tank. Here tho coal settles gradually,
the larger particles first and the finer
last. Each size is lifted out and fed
into its own jig, so that the mass of
coal which was elevated to the top of
the washer not only hs washed, but is
separated Into four or five merchant
able sizes.
the shipping bins over the loadin
track.
A HISTORIAN'S MISTAKE.
Townsend's California glace fruits and a
candies, 50c a. pound. In artistic ftre-r-fl
etched boxes. A nice present for Eastern '
friends. 715 iUrket St.. above Call bldg. •
Special Infer mation supplied daily to
business 3 houtes ' and public men by tha
Press .Cllppirg Bureau (Allen's). 230 Cali
fornia street Telephone Main .1043. *
; Investigation has proved that , a drunken man/ armed
with his befuddled faculties and a lead pencil, can pick any
lock in any cell 'in the City Prison. It speaks well "for the
hospitality of the police that not one of the many desperate
men that ; have ;been \ detained in the prison has ; sought '- Xa
take French ; leave. The v police believe that if
jfwa can't be clever it is justas'well to be lucky, ,: : _
"Mr. H. B. Marriott Watson, the
British, writer, has conflded to The
Nineteenth Century his views as to a
brand-new/peril that is menacing the
British race," says the New York Trib
une. "It Is the .'Americanization of
Woman.' He is not sure that the Brit
ish race will succumb, as he is not quite
sure that; he . knows*- the 'eventual goal
of ; human 'evolution,' but he recognizes'
a' grave danger that Englishmen, when
sufficiently 7 married \ to American wo
men, will become ¦ of '• burden'
and that 'woman' "generally will become
what" the -American ,woman ; notoriously
is,' a mere : pleasure seeker." '"""""
•"r; Now y really It* is , time \ for ' soma one
Not Alarming.
, Oklahoma has become revolutionary, if not reprehensible
in the making of her new laws. Under one of them, recently
enacted, a contractor was actually arrested for murder ' be
cause he had constructed a defective bridge which : proved
to be the means of killing a man. This is positively shock
ing to those that have been educated to believe that! the pub T
He": has no rights of life or liberty which contractors' are
bound to respect.
The Orlngcs.
"Se« out country is m«hty <JalV,_
Wo* y GU h« Is a gull.' - N
Growled Dominique f^Hasnoa,
"Caramb-! ->
Woz y Gil cried at tWt: <><»/walzx.
I ahall show you tha: old Wos Is
Tho boea of 8. Donjn«<\
By Jin*** '
No "manana" for TTw TJ G«—
Ho set out to work Ala will.
"They'll nnd." b> vowed, "the cans* to
That *"oa Is!
For when my arguments *H commence
They'll know Woa Is the present tens*
Sneered Domonlq«e - y Hamba.
••Cax»ni"*-
Here's to Preside* Wor— he doesn't
Give them time t# say wm wasn't
Prepared with *U demanded.
Ha landed
In lively style, end the truth 1», Woa
Showed that he vnew that his biz was
To run Santo Domingo,
Bjj Jingo!
—Chicago Tribune.
Here'* to President Worn y Gil.
He who was and la Wm still.
And runs Santo Domlrso.
By jingo!
All b!s enemies raised a tuz*—
Said he was a baa been wo*.
In *u!phuretle lingo*—
Woz y.Gil
Guatemala, a little republic "with an
area of 43,000 square miles and a popu
lation of considerably less than 2,000.
000. of which more than half are pure
Indians, has, according to our Consular
Reports, been legislating in regard to
the minimum of wage that can be paid
to farm hands. The Government has
served notice on the planters that after
September 1 of the current year the
wages paid farm hands must be not
less than $1 50 a day. instead of 73 cents
and Jl, which were the ruling rates be
fore that date. Now, that sounds like
a good deal of an increase, and $1 50 a
day, which would mean $3 a week,
seems a high rate of wages for farm
labor in Central America. But this
money is Guatemalan currency, not
gold. In gold, wages of tt 50 a day
would mean fair pay, but in Guatemala
|1 50 of the depreciated currency of the
country is equal to only about 9 cents
in our own coinage. This decree, there
fore, raises the minimum of farm
wages from 4% and 6 cents per day to
9 cents a day.
High Wages.
" 'Not to-day,* Sarah,' he said, before
she could let loose the torrent of words
I saw she was prepared to fling at
him.
"As he spoke he po!nv?d a long,
shaking finger at the big calendar on
the walL 'Friday, the 13th,' he^asped.
'You * live on Thirteenth street, there
are .thirteen letters in my naime, and
I'll be hanged if the clerk didn't take
that book of licenses out of rack num
ber 13.
Business in the marriage license line
was not very brisk the other day at
the City Hall.jso "Cupid" Danforth put
in his time telling stories about the
different , people he has had to deal
with since his connection with the mar
riage license office.
"I think about the funniest ; couple
I ever had * to deal with dropped in
here about two months ago," he said.
"The prospective groom was a great
big, fine-looking fellow, about 25 years
old, and the bride-to-be was a little
bit of a woman who was 40 If she was
a day. She was a determined looking
little body, and I immediately came to
the conclusion that, little as she was,
she had it in her to make it merry
for the big fellow, particularly after
I noticed that he, despite his size, ap
peared to be very much afraid of her.
I actually pitied him as I watched him,
as with a look of fear In his eyes he
sank ' into a chair, while the woman
came to the desk and applied for the
license.
Her answers to the questions I asked
were given' in a snappy manner, which
strengthened my conclusion that the
list of henpecked ones was to be add
ed to. I was therefore very, much sur
prised . when" the subject of my cog
itations Jumped to his feet, reached
the desk with one bound, and, before
I could recover from my surprise,
grabbed the license I had Just com
pleted and was about to hand to the
woman, and tore it up.
He Was Superstitious.
r T"» HE Fresno Republican calls attention to the interest-
I, ing size of the garden vegetables that will be shown
* at the exposition in St. Louis, illustrating the capabil
ity of Fresno County to produce world beaters. R. D.
Chittenden, who is collecting exhibits in Fresno for the Cali
fornia commission to St. Louis, so the Republican says, is
not satisfied with finding two pumpkins that weigh respect
ively 132 and 142 pounds, and is looking for something
bigger.
Fowler is growing a pumpkin that is already estimated to
weigh 175 pounds and is still growing, with all the promise
of gigantic Thanksgiving pies commensurate with its own
generous circumference. The town of Fowler is looking on
with interest to ascertain its chance for distancing Fresno.
Other than these large pumpkins have been promised to Mr.
Chittenden to take to St. Louis. The county has already
contributed potatoes that, in the graphic language of the
Republican, "Chittenden carries about Just as he would so
much stovewood" — on account of their exceeding size.
The average length of the potatoes is fully one foot.
Fresno seeks to occupy a large amount of space in the
Agriculture building at St. Louis. The size of its vegetable
wonders makes the reasVn plain. The county will exhibit
its raisins/ its honey, nuts, vegetables of. all kinds, minerals,
oil, wines, dried fruits— in short everything for which it is
famous. With the citrus fruits will be shown the same sorts
of vegetation that are common in the East, only the Fresno
specimens will be larger. The land of the orange and the
raisin will be, found also to exemplify the ideal market
garden country. .>¦ '
•Fresno, however, will have to look sharp to its laurels for
growing pie materials at least. In the central coast \ counties
there have been discovered ten squashes that on the -scales
collectively weigh 2000 pounds. One of these prodigies
actually tips the scales at 300 pounds. The biggest Califor
nia squash that has been exhibited in the East up to this
time weighed 180 pounds. That was a wonder to the East
ern people. Since then California has had time 'to think the
matter over and the 300 pounder is one of the results.
Among the collected exhibits already reported to the com
missioners, to St.- Louis is a mangeiwurzel that weighs 100
pounds—which is a pretty fair sized beet. Three apples have
come in from San Joaquin County that are each fifteen inches
in circumference. One California: carrot weighs eighty
pounds. One duster of 4 grapes makes a record for 106
pounds. v
SOME BIG VEGETABLES.
$ Uncle Sam is making strenuous efforts to secure the
concession of an open port in Korea. American diplomats
evidently do not share the opinion that if Russia and Japan
dash there is not likely to be left any ports in Korea worth
opening. Besides, we are friendly to both sides and may be
able to play the profitable part of tradesman to both during
a war.
The very air we breathe is laden with
disease in embryo, but if the system
is healthy we are fortified against its
invasion. It is Only when a cold weak
ens the system or abuse of the diges
tive organs temporally lets down the
barriers that the lurking enemy is ad
mitted and we fall victims to the ma
ladies they develop. It is doubtful
whether a really healthy person can
be Infected by -ordinary disease, al
though it would not be safe purposely
to expose one's self, for we never know
Just when we are "In condition." It
has been shown, for Instance, that fam
ilies *accu3tomed to well water tainted
with typhoid could drink It In safety,
while strangers immediately succumbed
on tasting It. "We undoubtedly drink
typhoid germs In various ways, and it
is not until the unguarded moment
when physical weakness reduces the
resisting force that we give such, germs
lodgment.
The healthy person will, therefore,
pursue his avocations and eat and
drink without the haunting fear that
he may assimilate disease germs. He
knows that he can do little to keep
them at a distance, and that the only
way to exclude, them from his system
is by maintaining a proper tone In
physical health. "Do not seek Infec
tion,- but do not fear it/' is a good
maxim to live bv. and it would add
much to the comfort of men and wom
en, whom some doctors now harass by
fear of disease germs.— Providence
Journal.
Let's Forget It.
The unreliability • of circumstantial
evidence was demonstrated last week
in the case of a young collector for a
local firm. The latter was given a small
bill against a family who had been out
of. town for the summer months. The
house was in the fashionable quarter
and was large and well kept. The col
lector sized up the house and the bill,
which was an old one and v6ry small,
and concluded that he must have made
a mistake. However, the Jap who was
working in the front yard informed him
that the people for whom he was in
quiring lived In the house. Being in
the yard, the young man thought that
the best thing he could do' under the
circumstances would be to go to the
front door, stand there for a few mo
ments and then depart. The Jap, how
ever, noticed that he did not ring the
bell, and informing him that the la
dies were at home rang it himself.
A young lady of striking appearance
answered the bell, and the collector
was at a loss to know what to say. He
did not wish to dun a family living, in
such a house for ' so small a bill and
thereby risk -'losing their custom. On
the other hand, he felt that he should
say something, and consequently asked
if; they took ice» and from whom. The
young lady replied that they did,' and
after going to the back- of the house
and consulting her mother told him
the name of the company with whom
they were dealing. . The young man
thanked her and departed.
That night the house was robbed of
$1000 by a porch-climber. The young
lady Immediately thought of the col
lector. She recalled his hesitating man
ner and the irrelevancy of his ques
tions, and forthwith furnished the po
lice with his description. The following
night he was arrested. They brought
the beautiful young lady down to the
hall and she Identified the confused col
lector. Until he told his story and
proved an alibi it looked as if circum
stantial evidence would get him over
the bay.
Circumstantial Evidence.
George E. Banks of Halifax, Nova
Scotia, a prominent exporter of Canada,
has revealed an astonishing falling off
in the season's catch of fish, both from
the Newfoundland banks and Norwe
gian waters. He says:
"A most serious and notable fact is
the shortage in the season's catch. The
average annual catch of Nova Scotia
is about 190.000 quintals of 113 pounds
each, while the aggregate for the last
season was 73.000 quintals, less than 40
per cent of the usual quantity. The
total catch of Nova Scotia, Newfound
land and Norway is normally about
3.000.000 quaintals, but the short catch
was universal, and was probably 500,000
quintals under the usual aggregate.
Prices have accordingly advanced
about 25 per cent. The advance \p
price, however, does not compensate
for the loss Incident to the short catch.
The shortasre was due to the lack of
bait, and boats that went out equipped
to bring in from 1500 to 2000 quintals
came in with from 200 to 300. The boat
owners are entitled to half the catch
and the fishermen to half. The results
were disappointing to both; the boat
owners lost money, and the fishermen
are left with very meager resources for
the winter. The shortare of bait was
simply a freak of nature that had
never occurred before within my thirty
years of experience as an exporter and
an observer of the fishing industry."
Scarcity of Fish.
on this side of the ocean to arise and
show the deterioration in gray matter
of future generations which, must in
evitably result from the lefusion of
British blood into American stock
through the foolishness of our society
girls.
THE minority of the Ways and Means Committee in its
report in effect supports the Cuban reciprocity measure,
while offering some amendments? The treaty provides
that*Congress will not change certain tariff schedules during
the life of the agreement The minority desires to strike this
out on the ground that one Congress cannot bind future
Congresses not to change the revenue laws, for to do so
would violate the constitution. If this be so, that provision
is void anyway and cannot be made more void by an amend
ment. '¦<'¦¦:;¦'¦
The debate so far on the minority side has been without
impressive incident, except such as is furnished by the speech
of Mr. McClellan, Mayor of New York, and mentioned for
the Presidency. He supported the treaty, lauded the Cuban
government and attacked the island administration, of..Gen
eral Wood by showing that Palma has governed Cuba with
an expenditure of seven millions less than Wood made.
General Wood had upon him the organization of a govern
ment over a population demoralized and industries pros
trated by civil war. His was a military government, always
more costly jthan civil administration, and he undertook and
accomplished the cleansing and sanitation of Havana and
other Cuban cities, where the venality and neglect of the
Spaniards had left perpetual centers of yellow fever and
other pestilence.
All of this work was done for President Palma and has
cost him nothing. But surely Mr. McClellan should credit
President Roosevelt for hastening to install independent civil
government in the island to get all of the good effects there
of which the speech so highly praised.
The speech had the merit of definite statement of the pur
pose of at least a large fraction of the minority to support the
bill. It stood in great contrast to the mere buffoonery of
Champ Gark, which would have been considered poor, even
for the stump in Missouri. It is evident that the treaty will
be ratified and the accompanying legislation passed, and that
we will soon have occasion to look for the predicted favor
able effects upon the trade of Cuba and our own.
To one argument there is no answer. The treaty is made
necessary by the Platt amendment which was adopted, under
our insistence, by the Cuban constitutional co/ivention. It
is. too late now to discuss. the wisdom or the policy of that
amendment. It is a' fact accomplished, and it limited the
power of Cuba to enter into commercial treaties with other
countries than the United States. We can hardly forbid her
to do that and refuse to make this commercial treaty which
gives her access to the world's trade through the United
States.
THE RECIPROCITY DEBATE.
Japan, it is announced on authority, is extremely dis
trustful of Russia and her intentions. Still the frying-pan of
uncertainty is not as bad as the fire of hopeless certainty.
If the two nations decide to relieve the strain of this dis
trust by war/the little brown men of the Mikado will be
taught a lesson new to their experience and perhaps admon
itory to their pride.
During the old Virginia City days,
when ore of great value was shipped by
tons from the rich" mines there, a car
of vthe precious stuff was lost In a mys
terious manner.' It was in the train
when it pulled out of Virginia. When
Reno was reached the conductor was
one car shy. All attempts to locate the
missing vehicle proved fruitless.
Several years later, the story goes,
two old prospectors were searching for
the yellow metal down below Virginia
in what is known as the Carson Sink.
At one time this sink was covered with
water; but later on | became - compara
tively dry. The prospectors were work
ing over the sink and ran across some
very rich auartz float. Cfreat excite
ment was caused by the strike. Hun
dreds of old mining men rushed to the
scene, an the "rock" was pronounced
some of the. richest ever found in the
vicinity of Virginia. Shafts were sunk
galore, .but not an ounce of anything
that looked like ore was found on any
claim but the one taking in the orig
inal strike. The two lucky prospectors
were . elated ¦ over their discovery. A
shaft was sunk, the ore becoming more
plentiful as the hole went down. All
of -it, however, was in a broken up
state, no ledge being discovered. Down
about fifteen feet the shaft ran direct
ly through a mass of timbers.. The
wheels of an ore car soon came in view
and the prospectors discovered that
they had been mining about ten tons
of the Comstock's best ore. IV
The recent mysterious loss of a car of
ore from 'a train on the Carson and
Colorado Railroad brings back to mem
ory an old story that used to be told
during the Comstock excitement in Ne
vada.
One From Nevada.
Government will doubtless contract the work, and the con
tractors should be left free to find their labor wherever they
can get that which is willing to take the risk.
THE SAM , FRAN ©ISGQ CALL,
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor. . . . . .;.. .Address All Communications to JOHN HcNAUGHT, Manager
Publication Office ~ •••• • <5^||p|§l«t> • Third and Market Streets, S. P.
THURSDAY ..:.:.:.... :..... ...... .. ....../............NOVEMBER 19, 1903
THE SAN FKANCISCO; CALL, THURSDAY, /NOVEMBER 19, 1903.
6
INSTRUCTIVE STUDIES
BY NOTED MEN AND
WOMEN
TALK OF THE TOWN
AND TOPICS OF THE
TIMESOne '] Must Die Another Is Freed.
- SALT; LAKE: CITY, Nov.' -.IS.— James
Lynch, convicted: of the s murder- of
Colonel Godfrey Prouse, r whose peti
tion for a^ new trial was recently de
nied by the Supreme Court; was to-day
f^sentenced to be ; shot on January IS
next- The ; case ¦ against : Robert £ II .
King.: convicted of complicity^ In '-the
same scrimeland* who ; was f granted^' a
hew trials Vas dismissed andKlng goes
£*¦••¦••.- ¦ ¦ ¦ ¦-
SANTA ROSA, Nov. 18.— The Santa
Rosa plant of the California Fruit Can
ners* Association handled 153.024 cases
of fruit during the year past. The run
was of the usual length and the pack
Is satisfactory to all concerned. Prices
have been good, and the season has
been a prosperous one. The largest j
pack was on tomatoes. j
Cacneries Close for the Season.
Young , San Franciscan Honored.
BOSTON, Mass., Nov. 18.— Edwin .W.
Newhall Jr., '05, of San Francisco, was
elected manager to-day of the ; Mass
achusetts Agricultural College football
team for 1904-5. Newhall is one of the
leading members of the class, 'and
stands high in student affairs at Am
herst Aggie, as the college is .called.
William A. Munson, '05,, of Aurora, 111.,
was elected captain.
JACKSON, Nov. 1 8— The men are on
strlkeat the South Eureka mine near
Sutter Creek. Three men were discharg
ed, and the union demanded their rein
statement. Superintendent Moore re
fused the .whereupon , all the
men of the Western Federation quit
work, and. they were paid off last night.
The engineers are at work, but i efforts
are : to be made * to get them out. v Sixty
men ; are -thrown V out iol _work, - and ¦ the
outlook is dark. The mine has not paid
expenses, ' and ' an assessment is ; now be
ing . paid f by i the f stockholders. > It is
feared that this trouble will lead to the
mine being -indefinitely closed ' down.
Miners * Go Out on Strike.
Bring Friendly Suit to Quiet Title.
SANTA CRUZ, Nov. 18.— William P.
Chalmers and Ella T. Chalmers have
commenced suit In the Superior Court
against thirty-six residents occupying
land along the Beach road, near Wat-
Fonville. It appears that in 155S Se
bastian Rodriguez, the patentee of the
land, executed a quit claim deed to
William KIdder. James Col tress, Joseph
McColluza and William P. Chalmers to
100© acres as tenants in common, each
taking an undivided Interest. Subse
quently the tenants each "agreed, ver
bally, to take bold In severally certain
pieces, and each piece was fenced off
by the occupant without any deeds
passing between them- The result is
that each of the parties within the
thousand-acre tract has an undivided
interest in the land of his neighbor.
The suit is a friendly one for the pur
pose of quieting the title of all con-
REDDING, Nov. IS.— Coroner Bas
sett left this morning for the Fall Riv
er Valley, distant from here {sixty
miles, to* exhume the body of. William
Ross, a notorious character in that re
mote ', region, who was found dead un
der suspicious circumstances. * The
body, was buried by the people of th«
neighborhood and the Coroner was not
notified ' until : a week after the inter
ment. .Circumstances seem to justify
the suspicion that Ross was struck on
the "_¦ head * and thrown into the river,
where his body was found.
Thinks Murder Was Committed.
MILL VALLEY, Nov. IS.— Miss
Laura Lenhart of this city and P. A.
Breen of San Francisco were married
this afternoon. The ceremony took
place at the Church of Our Lady of
Carmel, Rev. Father Valantinl offici
ating. The church was decorated with
white carnations, s mil ax and roses.
Miss Charlotte Lenhart, sister of the
bride, was maid of honor, while Percy
Towne of San Francisco was best man.
George C. FarreU and B. C. White
acted as ushers.
About 100 guests from Marin County
and across the bay witnessed the cere
mony. After the wedding Mr. and Mrs.
Breen were tendered a reception at the
home of the bride's mother. They, left
this evening on an extended wedding
trip through Northern California^
The bride is the daughter of Mrs. V.
N. Lenhart and is very popular In the
social circles of Mill Valley. She is an
accomplished musician. '. Mr.' Breen is
the son of the iafe P. Breen and nephew
of Judge Breen,- members of the fa
mous Donner party that crossed the
plains in 1S48. He Is a graduate of
the University of California and is an
attorney in San Francisco.
Miss Laura Lenhart Becomes the
Bride of P. A. Breen, an Attorney
of San Francisco.
MILL VALLEY SOCIETY
ATTENDS THE WEDDING
RENO, Nev., Nov. 18.— The body of a
man lying half covered up with brush
in an irrigation ditch a short distance
below town was found at noon to-day
by Italian laborers. His feet and hands
were tied together with a heavy rope
and his : skull ; appeared to be crushed
as if with a rock. The body was unrec
ognizable and nothing about the
clothes revealed the identity of the de
ceased. Judging from appearances the
man had been murdered about a month
ago. The officers are entirely at sea
with regard to the crime.
Nevada Officers Believe That the
Crime Was Committed Fully
a Month Ago.
BODY OF MTTRDEBED MAN"
IS FOUND BY LABORERS
VALLEJO. Nov. IS.— Latf last even
ing residents on the lower block of
Florida street were startled by hearing
agonizing cries for help cumins from
the channel some little distance beyond
the end of Kane's wharf. A number of
men quickly responded and sx>n had a
couple of boats going to the rescue.
The tide was out at the time aji.l it
was found that a man named Jordan
had In some way capsize! his bott
v.rile attempting to cross the channel.
The accident had occurr»i almost en
the verge of the mud flats and In try
ing to save himself Jordan had only
succeeded in getting himself hopeless
ly stuck in the slimy mud. Before a
rescue could be effected from this side,
however, a boat came along and pick
ed Jordan up and took him over to the
nary yard side.
VALLEJO RESIDENT NEARLY
PERISHES US TELE CHANNEL
Accidentally XTpsets His Boat and Is
Sinking in the Mud When Bes
cuers Beach Him.
* • •
A pretty luncheon was given by
Baroness von Schroeder yesterday at
the University Club. Covers were laid
for nine guests. Chrysanthemums com
prised the decoration- The. Baroness
will leave for the East shortly with
Mrs. Sprague.
W. Payne, Mrs. Alexander d'Ancona,
Mrs. A. G. Freese. Mrs. Edwin S. Cluin,
Mrs. Humphreys and Mrs. de Nervand.
• • •
Mrs. W. G. Irwin will give a luncheon
to-day at her residence on Washington
street, to which twenty-one friends
have been invited.
B. Jones, Mrs. Alexander Vogelsang,
Mrs. B. H. Gunn, Mrs. John I. Sabin,
Mrs. George B. Somers, Mrs. John I.
Larue, Mrs, Harry Morrison, Mrs. W.
D. Rideout. Mrs. C. W. Clark, Mrs.
Wallace T. Terry, Mrs. John H. 1 Wal
ler, Mrs. A. S. Baldwin, Mrs. Porter,
Mrs. Hugh Whipple, Mrs. T. R. Lane,
Mrs. William T. Gunn, Miss Daniels,
Mrs. John G. Barker, Mrs; Marvin
Higgins, Mrs. Charles H. Suydam, Mrs.
Robert A. Donaldson, Mrs. Redmond
Harry Adama was employed to make
the rounds of the stores, asking for to
bacco, and In answer to queries told
his age and stated that he wanted the
tobacco for himself. Several of the
dealers ordered him from their stores
and one sent for the police to have him
arrested.
The Women's Christian Temperance
Union and the Ministerial Union will
assist in the prosecution of the cases.
FRESNO, Nov. 18. — Six tobacco
dealers in this city were , arrested to
day by Chief of Police Morganon for
selling tobacco to children. The evi
dence against the men was obtained by
Harry Adams, a shrewd 12-year-old
youngster who was employed by the
chief for that purpose. Complaints
were made to the police that boys not
more than 8 years old were getting to
bacco whenever they wanted it.
Arrest Six of Them for Violating the
Law by Selling to Young •
Children. :
FBESNO POLICE BAXD
THE TOBACCO DEALEBS
POPULAR ARMY OFFICER
WHO WAS TENDERED RE
CEPTION AT PRESIDIO.
SAX JOSE. Nov. 18.— A. W. Lewis,
until recently local manager for the
Wiley B. Allen Piano Company, and
row awaiting trial on four charges of
embezzlement, is losing his mind.
Lewis was arrested about a month ago
and has been confined in the County
Jail ever since. He now imagines that
he is an inventor and has been at work
on plans for a grand piano, which he
claims will net him a million dollars.
"When he was taken before Judge Tut
tle to plead to the chanre this morn
ing he was In a pitiable condition.
When asked to stand up it was found
necessary to lift him to his feet, and
he made no answer to the questions
put to him. After consultation with
the District Attorney Judge Tuttle or
dered Lewis committed to the Red
Cross Sanitarium for treatment.
A. W. Lewis, Accused cf Embezzle
ment, Breaks Botb in Santa
Clara County Jail.
PBISOirEB SHOWS SIG1TS
OF HE2XTAL. DEBJLN"GE2CEKT
In dark and stormy ¦weather the 'gas
rangeworks as well as at any other ' time.
A good range can be had from San Fran
ci*co Gas and Electric Co, 415 ; Post ct.*
Mrs. George Gale was hostess at a
delightful card party yesterday after
noon at her home on Jackson street.
Sixty-five guests were invited for a
game of seven-handed euchre. Hand
some prizes were offered to the fortu
nate players. Among those present
were: Mrs. Herman * Schussler, . Mrs.
Maurice Casey, Mrs. George E. Bates.
Mrs.' Frank D. Bates, Mrs. Albert Gal
latin, Mrs. Charles R. Havens, Mrs. F.
J. Spieker, Mrs.W. H. Brown, Mrs. A.
Howard Turner, Mrs. Charles H. Mann,
Mrs. William Clufl. Mrs. Charles How
ard Wilson. Mrs. George R. Richard
son. Mrs. William Dunphy, Mrs. R. D.
Sessions, Mrs. Arthur Wallace. -Mrs.
William W. Griffin. Mrs.; Adam An
drew, Mrs. William F. Man, Mrs. Mar
shall Hale, Mrs. Ritchie Dunn, Mrs. F.
M. Costigan, Mrs." F. R. Danforth.vMrs.
Charles Dunphy. Mrs. Linda H.- Bryan,
Mrs. Mathe w - D. Brown, « Mrs. ,* T. '. W.
Huntlngton, Mrs. . Edwin , H. . PrenUss,
Mrs. Irving S. Moulton, Mrs. Rodney
Hendrick, Mrs. • E. B. Cutter, Mrs. F.
• • •
Miss Gertrude Dutton was the guest
of honor at a pretty luncheon given
yesterday by Mrs. John Rodgers Clark.
The decorations were in excellent taste
and covers were laid for twelve. Among
those present were: Miss Dutton, Mrs.
Henry Foster Dutton, Mrs. Ferdinand
Stephenson. Mrs. Alfred Baker Spald
ing. Mrs. Arthur Callaghan, Mrs. Har
ry Bates, Miss Katherine Dillon. Miss
Gertrude Van Wyck, Miss Maye Col
burn. Miss Ethel Dean and Miss Ethyl
Hager.
The receiving party was as follows:
Mrs. Chauncey Winslow, Mrs. Robert
Oxnard, Mrs. Rudolph Spreckels. Mrs.
Hyde-Smith, Mrs. Walter L. Dean,
Mrs. W. B. Collier, Mrs. Fred Lake,
Mrs. Barrollhet, Mrs. Henry Crocker.
Miss Emily Wilson. Miss Annie Wor
cester, Miss Lutie Collier, Miss Frances
Harris, Miss Gertrude Hyde-Smith,
Miss Gertrude Buckley, Miss Grace
Buckley, Miss Violet Buckley, Miss
Dorothy Gittings and Miss Virginia
Joliffe.
One of the crowning social successes
of the season was the reception given
by Mrs. Bowie-Detrlck to formally pre
sent her niece. Miss Helen Bowie. The
Bowie residence at 1901 Jackson street
was made artistic with chrysanthe
mums, carnations, roses and violets.
About 150 callers were received be
tween the hours of 4 and 6 o'clock and
congratulated the new debutante with
much enthusiasm. Miss Bowie was a
picture in her gown of white chiffon
over silk and she carried a large bou
quet of pink roses. Mrs. Detrick was
gowned in cream lace over mauve
satin.
Last night the Presidio Club was the
scene of the most brilliant military re
ception that has been given in army
circles for many a day. Officers of the
artillery district were hosts of the
evening and gave the affair in honor
of the new artillery district command
er. Colonel Charles Morris, and his
wife.
The decorations were elaborate and
artistic, red, the artillery color, pre
dominating. Old regimental flags were
effectively arranged with many sabers,
rifles, automatic guns, light artillery
and field pieces. The windows were
concealed with a trelliswork of foliage
Interspersed with bright flowers.
The reception hours were S:30 to 11:30.
during which a large number of officers
and families were presented to the
chief guests and extended cordial
words of welcome. The invitations
were limited to army people and In
cluded those stationed at posts about
the harbor and all on the retired list,
together with their wives and families.
Excellent music was furnished by the
Third Artillery Corps band, and danc
ing was a prominent feature of the
evening's enjoyment.
The reception committee - comprised
the following:
Major Todd, Captain Burgess, Cap
tain Hinkley, Lieutenant C. K. Brlce,
Lieutenant Brigham of the Presidio,
Lieutenant Alder Trotter of Fort Miley,
Captain Abernathy of Fort Dowell,
Lieutenant Corrigan of Fort Baker.
The following ladies assisted: Mrs.
Hobbs. Mrs. Todd, Mrs. Hayden, Mrs.
Burgees, Mrs. Hinkley, Mrs. Farratt.
NAPA, Nov. IS. — Burglars broke into
a box car at Suisun a day or so ago
and stole considerable valuable mer
chandise, some of which belonged to
Napa merchants. Eight' arrests have
bien made on suspicion.
Burglars Rifle a Box Car.
WATSONVILLE, Nov. 18.— H Ixuni.
the Japanese who killed his brother,
was captured last evening by OfQcers
Corr and Bassette at the Driscoll
ranch, about nine miles distant from
the scene of the tragedy.
Japanese Murderer Is Caught.
riANTA ROSA. Nov. IS.— Some inter
esting testimony was given before
Judge J- Q- White *of Mendocino
County, -who is sitting here for Judge
Seawell. in the case of Warren Bell
et al. vs Noah Bell, et al.. Wednes
day. It related to a record-breaking
marriage which Henry Bell, the aged
father of the litigants made a short
time prior to hi3 death. The plaintiffs
are seeking to prove their father was
of unsound mind when he made a deed
to the defendant, Noah Bell, of certain
property valued at about $7000. The
hasty matrimonial venture is cited as
an instance of his falling mentality.
The star witness was Mrs. Kate Mil
ler, the divorced wife of the deceased.
She testified that she answered an ad
vertisement inserted in a local paper
by Bell, was employed by him as a
housekeeper and a week later was mar
ried to him. Bell subsequently secured
a divorce from her.
Interesting Testimony Is Given in
the Bell Case on Trial at
Santa Rosa.
HASTY MABBIAGE CITED
AS A PEOOE OF INSANITY
Moody was his own chief witness to
day and told a story greatly at vari
ance with that related by Mrs. Con
roy, who spent most' of ; yesterday on
the witness stand.
Several other witnesses testified, sub
stantiating in a measure the testimony
of Moody.
ing.
Judge Bellinger Interrupted the argu
ment of District Attorney Wood with
the statement to the effect that the
prosecution was proceeding on grounds
too far-fetched to warrant a verdict
against the defendant. The court in
structed one of Moody's attorneys to
write out the order of dismissal, and
after the document had been signed by
the foreman of the Jury the defendant
left the courtroom.
PORTLAND, Or., Nov. 18.— Former
Congressman Moody, on trial on an in
dictment returned by the Federal
Grand Jury charging him with wrong
fully securing and withholding a letter
addressed to Mrs. Margaret I. Conroy,
alleged to have contained a receipt
from the Comptroller of the Treasury
for the final dividend of the defunct
Dalles National Bank, of which Moody
was president, was acquitted this even-
NEW YORK, Nov. 18.— This city la
to be the home of the most costly club
house for workingtnen in the United
States. Plans for the structure, which
is to be on East Eighty-fourth -street,
near Third avenue, have been . filed
with the city authorities for approval
and it is expected that construction
work will be started early next spring.
The clubhouse is to be five stories high.
100 by 102 feet in area, and is to cost
$200,000.
Facilities for mental and physical
culture are to be the best obtainable.
A gymnasium, class rooms, lecture
rooms and library are provided, and
It is the intention to have regular
courses of lectures, debates and studies
for members." ; u ¦.„•;:
vA large ballroom will be arranged,
with a stage for theatrical entertain
ments and muslcales; while on the first
floor there will be a bar and cafe, with
reading and billiard room.
The Workingmen's Educational and
Home Association of New York, which
will carry out the project, was organ
ized in 1S96, and now has more than
1400 members. Through entertainments
and other means funds were raised to
purchase the property.
Social Correspondence cf The CalL
HONOLULU. Nov. 11.— The army
beard which Is to recommend a site for
an annv t>ost in Hawaii will make a
tour cf all the islands of the grouc be
fore rr.tiking a report. This board, of
which the ranking officer Is Colonel
Alexander Mackenzie of the general
staff, ¦will aleo make a general study
cf the Islands for military purposes.
Although every available site in the
Territory -will be visited, it is not the
expectation of members of the board
that the War Department will go out
side of the island of Oahu in selecting
a site for en army post. The detail for
the work made by Major General Mac-
Arthur of the Department of California
Is as follows: Colonel Alexander Mac
kenzie, general staff, president; Major
Henry P. Moon, Tenth Infantry; Major
William E. Birkhimer, artillery corps,
and CaDtaln George W. Read, Ninth
Cavalry, recorder.
Major Davis of Camp McKinley and
Captain Williamson, depot quartermas
ter, report to the board and assist its
Tvork in every way possible.
According to the order issued to the j
members of the board they are directed
to meet at Honolulu, and at such other '
places as the president may direct, "to |
deterrr.ine uron a site for a central mil
itary pest, with special reference to de- '
t<?rminlr.g the suitability of the Waia- ;
naeuka tract for the purpose men- j
tioned, also for the purpose of consid- I
ering a thorough and exhaustive mil!- ]
P'ary reconaissance of the Hawaiian
trchlpel&go." It is the intention of the I
board to visit every island of the group j
•ind Ftcdy conditions with a special
reference from the military stmipoir.t.
A general plan cf defense In cas,» cf
wax will probably be decided upon and
recommended to the newly organized
general fctaff at Washington. As the
board cxj>ects to remain in the islands
for a month ample time and opportu
r.lty will be given for an -;xhE.ustive
study of the military requirements cf
the Tercitory, as is requested in the or
der designating the members of the
tcard. The army board will make no
report nhile In Honolulu, aut the re
port will probably go direct to General
MacArthur and to the general staff at
Washington.
Prosecution Unable to Prove
the Allegations of the
¦'-- Indictment.
Building Will Co3t $200,000
and Will Have Every
Comforfc.
Washington.
General Scheme of Defense
Will Be Presented to ,
Army Board Will In
spect All Islands for
Post Site.
Evidence Against Ex-
Congressman Moody
Insufficient. .
Project Started by New
York Association ,
Nears-' Fruition.
Artillery Officers Become Hosts of Evening to Entertain
Colonel and Mrs. Charles Morris, Who Meet Prominent
Officers, Their Wives and Families in Social Converse
JUDGE INSTRUCTS
JURY TO ACQUIT
MILITARY PLANS
FOR HAWAII
FINE CLUBHOUSE
FOR WORKINGMEN
PRESIDIO CLUB RECEPTION
PROVES BRILLIANT EVENT
THE SAN FKAKGISCO: CALL, THUBSDAY, NOVEMBER 19, 1903.
7
ALCAZAR
TO-NIGHT— THIS WEST CTILT-
The Club's I s 1^.
• • •• LMtMUj •>49 • ? n -
Err*-. 23c to 75c: Mats. Sat *'Soa.. :> ?» H^ ,
Next Monday— First Stock 'Pn^ieno^'utlmM
Smith Russell's Gr*. F'^rreas. >
A POOR RELATION'.
EXTRA MATINEB XaLVWlVKC!
TO-MORROW AFTERNOON AT 1 BRAii*.
GRAND CHARITY FUNT' ET^-ii^TT
AT THE COLrMBlA TTI^ATER.
EVERY THEATER REPRESENTED,
CENTRA!-^
Market at.. Near Ebchth. Phons Sooth S3X
TO-NIGHT— ALL THI3 WEEK.
MATINEE SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
The Gorreoos Dramatte Spectacle,
UNDERTHE POLAR STAR
IntrodadBX for tie first time la the Unite'!
States tee Esquimaux and Esquimau Doc
Train of KoItcbcS's Arctic aad )'»¦>» Ex-
hibit, en rout* to St. Louis World's Fair.
GREATEST ATTRACTION OX THE W >ev_K.
1Q1WLJ. Matinee* 10c. 13c. 23o
Monday. Nov. 23— "Midnlcht In Chlaatowa."
Friday Aftersocn. November 2% at 1 sharp.
Grand Charity Fusd Benefit at the. <-"*"TnMa
Theater. Every theater represented.
..CALIFORNIA..
ROSE MELVILLE,
The Original
SIS HOPKINS,
| ....EXTRA yjMMEE TO-DAY.,., j
Next Sunday — "AT THE OLD CROSS
- ROADS."
TO-MORROW— At lp. n. Sharp*
CHARITY FUND BENEFIT.
COLUMBIA THEATER.
Every Theater Represented.
\A/OM"T 1 fltUCM
LAST I LONGER^
f RUBES AND ROSES \
Will Soon. Cease> to Be.
The Excruciatingly Funny Comedy,
Magnificently Acted and Bung.
Our "All Star" Cast. Ineladln*
koLb and dill, barney berj*ardl
weftield blare. maude amber.
GEORGIA O'RAMEY. BEJJ-T. DILLOnI
GET SEATS NOW FOR r
\ "I. O. U." I
Monday. November 30.
MATINEE ON THANKSGIVING.
Racing ip^^Racinjr!
OAKLAND RACE TRACK.
NEW, CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB.
Ra^ns Each Week Day, Rain or Saiae.
Six or More Races Daily.
Races eonmeaea at 2:13 p. m. sharp.
Fcr special trains stopping at the track tak«
8 P. Ferry." loot of Market street. - at 12.
12:30. 1:C«} .1:30 or 2 o'clock. No srnokla* in
last two ears. ' which ¦ are- reserved for ladU*
and . their escorts.
Returntag trains leara track at 4:13 and
4:45 and Immediately after th* last race.
THOMAS H. WILLIAMS. President.
PERCY W. TREAT. Secretary.
THE WEEKLY CALL
S* p©i~ Yefirf
C 0 LU K 1 A ne.13 imm
ENOAGEMENT LJinTED TO TWO WEEKS.
HrV'EXIKGS AT 8 O'CLOCK.
MATINEE SATURDAY AT 2 O'CLOCK.
SPECIAL MATINEE THAUKSGIYISO DAT.
Cfcaxies Frohxoaa Presents
VIRGINIA HARNED
In A. W. Plaero** Masterpiece.
"IRIS,"
The Moct Talked Of PUy o« the Psst Decaile.
Reserred seats. 12. II 50. SI. 73c. 60c
Friday Afternoon. Not. », at 1 Efcaro.
QKAKD CKABITT TTTZTD BE2TEPTT
At tbe Colarabi* Theater.
E v«ry Theater Represented.
EPICUREAN VAUDEVILLE.
WRIGHT HUXTIXGTON AJ»D COMPAXT;
THREE ZOLARS; SERRA?AND BELLA-
ROSA AND THE BRITTONS; LAST TIMES
OF BELLMAN AND MOORE: WARREN
AND BLANCHARD: JACK THEO TRIO:
PHIL AND NETTIE PETERS AND THE
"VILLAGE CHOIR" QUARTET.
Reserred Seat - .23c!Balcony lOo
Box Seats and Opera Chairs ....50o
FRIDAY AFTERNOON. Nor. 2a at 1 Sharp,
GRAND CHARITY FUND BENEFIT.
At the COLUMBIA THEATER.
Every Theater Represented.
TIYOLlSo^.
Positively last week of grud opers. .
TO-NIGHT.
Saturday matinee and Sunday nifbt.
Leoncavallo's Greatest - Work.
"ZAZA"
Fcr th* first time la tha United States.
Friday and Saturday ciyhts.
Bellini's Romantic Opera.
"PPURITAN1",
PRICES AS USUAL. 23c 30c. TSc *
TelephOD*. Bosh 9.
FRIDAY AFTERNOON. Now. 20. at I sharp.
GRAND CHARITY FUND BENEFIT at the
COLUMBIA THEATER.
EVERT THEATER REPRESENTED.
GRANDSS
LAST 9 NIGHTS— LAST , 4 MATINEES.
To-clgat and All This and Next Week.
Eves- at 3. Mat. Wed. and Eat. at 2.
KLAW. AND ERLANGER'S
Stupendous . Production of Gen. Wallace's
"BEN HUR"
Dramatized by William Toon*.
Music by E<J*ar Still man Keil«y.
Positively Last Performances of "Ben Hut" i
Saturday Night. November 28. -
SPECIAL MATINEE THANKSGIVING DAT.
Friday Afternoon. Nov. 2% at 1 Sharp,
QSA2TD CHARITY : - i'USD BiLflJLTlT
At til* ColnniPia Theater.
Every Theater Represented.
HIili -Class Specialties Every After-
noon and Evening In the Theatre.
— TO-SIQHT—^— j
GALA A31ATBU R PERFORMANCE
— — Concluding With— —
NEW LIVING PICTURES.
ADMISSION.. l-./ilOe I CHILDREN........ 5c
Friday Afternoon. November 20. at • 1 Sharp,
GRAND CHARITY FUND BENEFIT
AT THE COLUMBLV THEATER,
..;; •">•/..¦¦ Every Theater Represented.
MATBTMOKTAIi
COMEDY OF THE
THANKSGIVING
TTTBKEY
You'll Boar "With Laughter. at
This Story in. th©
NEXT SUNDAY CALL,
SCOTTTS EMTJLSIOH.
There are two kinds of
emulsions of cod liver oil-
Scott's and all the others.
Not one of the latter is as
valuable as Scott's Emulsion
and there's a reason for it
| Only .the purest ingredients
enter our Emulsion and its
quality never varies. That is
why it helps when all others
fail.
There's not much oil in
the market now; it's scarce
and high in price. But seal
oil and other inferior oils are
cheap and plentifuL That's
why you can .buy so many
substitutes for Scott's Emul-
sion at a lower price.
We guarantee our Emul-
sion to be the best remedy
for weak lungs, low vitality
and wasting conditions. Who
guarantees the others ?
Well scad 70a a sample free, upon ret^xst.
SCOTT $ BOW3TE. 409 Pearl Street, New York.
>>/V PER CENT
-^M DISCOUNT
— ON — -
Framed Pictures
Priced at $4,00 and Oter.
; We .must make room for holi-"
day stock, and ? will allow above
'discount for a short time. A sblen-i
; did opportunity ; to secure some-
-' thing < Rood for \ the home or *, for
presentation.
GALLAGHER BROS.,
27 Grant A ve.
Pai^rA D0NT FAIL TO
IdiaWW see the beantifnl
j COURT Lounging
a fl/l room, th* EMPIRE
duU PARLOR, the
r, 4 PALM ROOM,the
iTf/tUd LOUIS XV cPAR-
Ul aUU LOR. and the LA-
0/1 DIES' WRITING
Hotels r° om^
Always Remember £ the Fall J^me
1 asative Hromo Qrninme
dares aCoM in One Day, Cripta 2 D«ya
MBf FH^W LAMB
== - This season we have
\ l~~ succeeded in producing at a
«8slvN ' popular price a Persian Lamb
that has- ever been placed on 9
We guarantee these jackets to be made of \
whole skins, and not of pieces. They are excep-
tionally well finished, elegantly lined with heavy
It is without doubt one of the greatest values
of this kind ever offered.
Do not fail to see them even if you do not
care to purchase. Price,
H. LIBBE/S &CO. -s?c,_
The Largest Excrusve Retail Yur Estathshnient in ih^\**br!d
137 Post 3ts\Sai\ Fraivcisco,
COLUMBIA THEATER
SPECIAL!
FRIDAY AFTERNOON, NOVEMBER 20,
AT 1 O'CIiOCX SSABP.
PTPTH AJT2TUAX VEXTBTTV UBDKJft TBS AUSPICES OP THE
ASSOCIATED THSATBXCAXi SKASAGSXS OP SA2I FBAaTCXSCO.
IS AID O7 THKItt
CHARITY FUND
Devoted to Una Relief cf th* Sick aad 2?ee<2y In ti* Professloa.
MONSTER CONTINUOUS PERFORMANCE.
TAiEHT 7SOV GXAXD OnSA-BOTTSE, COXTTMBIA TSSATEB, mt.wwb.
HIA TSIATEg, OSPHCTK, AT.CTAHATt, TTVOia OPiaA-HOU"- ¦:._•-•
TSAL THSATES, CKXfTXS.
Tickets Ars on Sale at th« Box Offices cf AD T* • •».CALIFORNIA LIGHTWEIGHT AND THE STURDY EASTERN BOXER WHO WILL BE HIS OPPONENT TO
MORROW NIGHT IN A TWENTY-FIVE ROUND BOUT AT THE OPENING OF THE COLMA ATHLETIC
CLUB'S NEW PAVILION IN SAN MATEO COUNTY. •* . . \ -
OAKIiAITP BACtiTifcAClC — November 18. 1903 Weather showery. Track fast.
6324. FIRST RACE. — Six furlongs; selling; 3-year-olds and upward; value to first $323.
Index | " Horse, and Owner. Wt St. %. %. %. Str. Fin. I Jockey. Op! CL
K?rS \f yal S ' 6 W' Gilbert) 107 4 ... 1 *4 1 n 1 % 1 *i II. Powell! T.k 7T5
6.TO6 Man of Honor. 6 (Hamilton).. OS 3 ... 3 h 4 2 4 ft 2 h . I Ferrell I 4 7 2
5312 E«g Nogg, 3 (S. O. Morton)... 99 8 ... 6 1%5 n 3n 3 h Foley ""¦| l 4 7
;"*« Leaah, 3 (L. Levy) 102 1 ... 2 1 2 1«2 3 4 4 IChandler I lft li
21*5 F'lIed'Or. 6 (Kingston)., r.... 107 7 ... 8 7 n « 1%5 2 Tullett /.V. $ aj
K ) T^T 1 " 1 -. 8 P - Magrane)... 10S 6 ... 7 n 6 % 5 2 6 % 1W. Coleman 7 20
i%£ Adirondack. 3 (Shannon)...... 104 8 ... 4 n 3 n 7 8 7 6 fW. Narvaej 10 T
W0« fAggressor. 4 (A. T. Dobson)... 09 2 ... 5 1^7 1 8 8 [J. T.Shhan.j 20 W
Time— :24H. 48%. 1:14%. At post five minutes. Off at 2:17. Loyal, place 3-5- show 1-3
£. a 1' S 1 *^** }'• 8how ' a * 2 - Egg Nog. show. 1. Winner, b. g. by Loyalist-Till ie s'
jt» ined by V. Gilbert. Start good. Won In a hard drive of four. Loyal 8 enjoyed
good racing luck and this helped considerably. Man of Honor probably got all that was
cue him. Egg Nogg run like a horse with a preference toward a longer route. Lcaah
quit. Tamm poorly handled. Adirondack can run fast In the morning for fua.
53ag. SECOND RACE— 5% furlongs; maiden 2-year-old colts and geldings; val. to first, »323.
Index Horse and Owner. Wt St. ,%I y%. . %,. Str. Fin. I Jockey. Op! CU
.... Ananias (J. F. Schorr).. 108 6 ... 4 1%2 % 1 n In Re«d 7.5 3
HA- Harbo «" <H. E. Rowell) IDS 2 ... ll^ln 2% 2 2 J. Martin.. 10 6
630. Inatrurtent (McAllester Co.). . 108 1 ... 2h 42 43 3^ Adklns .... e 10
:;•; Abydos (P. Ryan).:....;...... 102 4 ... 31 33 34 43 Ferrell .... 5-2 2
io.a k0 <Alhambra Stable) 105 8 ... 78 75 6154 Chandler .. 10 25
i%£ Minimum. (M. Jones) 106 7 ... 6 2%5 1%5 2 fl« D. Hall.... 20 2ft
?™2 ?' i- Cox < w - B - Sink Jr.).... 108 5 ... 5 n 6 n 7 6 7 n Tullett .... 8 20
¦ 00 i? clt little (W. P. Fine)... i... 109 3 ... 8 15 8 4 8 4 8 2 Alari* 20 CO
MM J^^^boo, <M. Eppinger)... 105 9 ... 8 9 9 » Otis 8 6
4S62 St. Yuaef (Kentucky Stable) .. 1061 « L Powell... 50 60
Timft— :23H, :49»4, 1:08. At post 4% minutes. Off at 2:42%. Ananias, place. 6-3; show 3-3.
Harbor, place. 5-2; show. 0-5; Instrument, show, 8-5. Winner, ch. c. by Ocean Vlew
veraclous Trained by J. F. Schorr. Scratched— Bombardier, St. Wllda. Start good.
rhSnJi 1 a *^ e of four - Ndh'nK bothered the two leaders but the atmosphere, and
cnances are best horse won. Abydos fast, but green. Good name to remember. T. J.
will Improve. 'Fell.
R32C. THIRD RACE— Six furlongs; selling; 3-year-olds and upward; value to first. <325.
Index Horse and Owner. WtlSt. hi. ft. %. Str. Fin. Jockey. Op. a.
Blu'i la Mfc.,? ?*' Dos")-- 1W 5 ... 5 n 6 4 3 n 1 H LTjIck^onT 9 9
rw rJl . r % c]e '^, 3 'Sander*).. 104 « ... 4 1 3 4 1H2 1^ Knapp .... - 10 4C>
4^- IZf r p° f ,i Ca S d M 8 - (YounK) - 1W 2 — 21 2 ° 2 1H3 % Chandler .. 4-5 T-10
IV283> £»?+ , £ y \£ (Graffort & Co.) 97 7 ... 7 4 5 1%3 3 4ft Reed lO 10
rJf~" S a ' 5. e J! tker - 4 J Schre i»>er). 110 3 ... 1 % 1 n 1 1%5 4 D. Hall.... 8 10
52ii M , me - Bishop, a (Strite) 102 4 ... 6h 7 4 7 4 64 J Lewis 10 20
Bl$ KifJT'i?-.? iA £ P }S by f, Co '>~ **»¦•' 818P371H Hlldfbrand TO CO
5182 Kitty Kelly 6 (Stanfleld). . .. Ill 1 ... 3 1%4 h 6 ft 85 Ferrell.... 8 jl
IMollle Allscot. 5 (Dunn & Co.) 101 9 ... 9 9 9 9 L. Mclntrye 6O 60
Time— :24. :47»i. 1:14: At post 7ft minutes. Off at 3:10ft. Meehanus place. 3; show.
f^rVj^i™ • t f*:* 12 / 4 - Tower - 8how . *¦+• Winner, ch. g. by Golden Gar
\?I~T ™ A . Tral , ned b 7 F - w. Doss. Start good. Won handily. Second driving
r m,' „- ., stop P \ og - Meehanus turned a flip-flop, but over an entirely different track
father A\ entker blew out Tower of Candles. Aunt Polly, away none too well, will
Race- will do Kitty Kelly good. ' •* " .
S327. FOURTH RACE— Five furlongs; purse; 3- year-olds and upward; value to first. »323.
Index Horae and Owner. iwt St. ft. ft. %. str. Fin. Jockey. o£ el
6310 John A Scott. 3 (M. Jones)... 105 1 ... 5 2 2 ft'l lftl 3 DTHalTTTTT 8 10
t 5 i2 *J one J. Mu «- » (Donaleche).. 109 2 .... 1 % 1 2 2 2 2 1 . J. T. Shehn 4 5
,k\\L S 10 ?^ a (H '. U 108 7 ... 83 5n 3ft3h C. Sloan... ft 10
(5310) Burnle Bunton. 5 (Newman). 112 3 ... 7h 74 5n44 Ferrell 3 13-S
W !MlwS ll W}!8 9 ... 6n 92 ?? 5 5 W^Narvae'z 30
*tnSr»S2 «' Tv«- i eni »« n «»»--- »OT 5 ... 4 Ift4 Ift6 2 6 1 J.Martin.. 8 13
1--7 !?. d S % a ' B ( . H * Green) l09 6 ••• 2l 3n *HTn Donovan .. 5-2 14-3
U£ A e . C<lI ? y ;T, 3 < M c»«n*«»-.- I" 8 ...10 10 „« 2 8 1 Connell.... 30 50
45S8 Oroslus 3 (Buckley & B.)...1O5 4 ... 3 n 6 r 8 1 9h Otis 8 13
.... Benlash. 3(L. Jenness) [104 10 ... 9n 8 n 10 10 Holbrook.. 20 1QQ
Time— :23ft. :47ft. 1:00. At post 4 minutes. Off at 3:39. Scott, place. 4; show 2 Muss
plac^2; show. 1. Hagerdon. rhow. 2. Winner, ch. c. by Russell -Bengallne. Trained by
,,n ™!i Scratched-Fort Wayne, Moana. Start good. Won easily. Second backing
up. Third driving hard. Scott was nicely ridden and won going away Money Muss
set a merry pace Sad Sam tried to run out rounding the stretch turn He. was
played by the trackers of the Jungle. Hagerdon will attach himself to a set 'of brackets
ere long. Iridlus too beefy. Buinle Bunton came on from th« rear rank, and wa»
¦.pj-JIiSS'ff - -*- me - at - 1*1*- close. -"«»*¦»
532S. FIFTH RACE— Mile and a furlong; selling; 3-year-olds and up; value to first. 1T25.
Index Horse and Owner. Wt St. %. ft. %. Str. Fin. Jockey. Op. Cl.
46C6 Dupont. 3 (D. S. Fountain).. 101 6 2 1 2 1 2 lftl ft 1 lft Ferrell ~~. 6 n
6315 Erne. 4 (J. Curl) 101 5 3 % 3 Ift3 n 2 2ft2 3ft Knapp 7-5 S-5
.... Dodle S. 4 (G. S. Morton) 100 3 4 2 4 3ft4 4 34 32 Foley... 2 5*
B070 Vetcrano. 3 (W. C. Vlvell).. 90 1 S % 6 2ft6 12 ft n 4% Hirbrand . 10 •><>
52»3 Position. 6 (C. A. Durfee).... 106 7 7 5n Jh 6 5 3 Hend^son^ .. « in
4M5 Bleosed . Damozel. 4 (Cbappell). 82 2 14 18 1 2ftf Ift8 J Lewis 8 r
4688 Rio Shannon. 0 (Mrs. Coffy).. 105 4 5 Ift7 7 • Haack ..'.'.'. ft 7
Time— :24. :50S4. 1:16ft. 1:43ft. 1:56. At post lft minutes. Off at 4:02ft. Dupont Dlacs
.3; show, 7-5. Erne, place. 7-10; enow. 1-3. Dodie. show. 2-5. Winner b. c bVst
Savious-Venus II. Trained by D. S. Fountain. Start good. Won In a gallop. Next thr-e
driving. Dupont Is an Improved horse. Erne had no excuses. Dodle S bumped at first
turn. Position no account. Blessed Damozel blew up. Rio Shannon sulked as ha dirt at
_ St 1 _ < J>ujs^^P^Hed^Pj i-^^ >^^^^^^__^^^^^^^^
532O. SIXTH RACE — OnT*"nTl] : eT'*hl5iSrpT3-?ear^
Index .Horse and Owner. Wt St. ft" ft. %. Str. Fin. | Jockey. Op! CL
6300 I Warte Nlcht, 3 (Wllkerson).. 105 2 3 IK 3 »i 2 h In 1 k'' Adklns 2 ft~S
4478 B Ormonde. 6 (Mrs. Kripp)... Ill 1 1 lft 1 1 1 % 2 % 2 % F*rrell !" 1 *
6270 Bragg. 4 (J. Curl); 103 321 2%314 3ft Knapp .'.'. « k
(?57C) Dainty. 3 (W. B. Jennings) .. 102 4 4 4 4 3n 4 |J. Martin. 8 2
Time— :2C. :49%. 1:14^. 1:40%. At post H minute. Off at 4:24H Warte Nlcht — place"
1-2; out show. Ormonde, place. 7-10: out show. Bragg out. Winner ch. c by Fonso!
Lucasta. Trained by P. J. Cooper. Start rood for all but Dainty. Won ridden out
Next two driving. Adklns on winner rode a very close race. Ferrell on Beau Ormondi
should have stuck to the rail when he had It. Bragg did well. Dainty waa caucht h»
barrier at the start, but for which she might have cleaned up.
THE CALL'S- RACING FORM CHART
performer, and the owner's explanation
was considered satisfactory.
Bookmaker Joe Rose, a fresh arrival
from New York, viewed the racing from
the ground yesterday. Joe said he put in
a profitable season on the New York
tracks and will cut In here, as soon as ho
gets a line on the horses.
'•English Bill" Jackman. a partner of
Rose In the bookmaklng business, crossed
the Atlantic for a brief visit to his home.
Bill will be here about the first of the
new year.
Bunnle Bunton got away none too well
In her race, but was eating the others
up at the finish.
J. Jones, a lightweight who arrived hera
the other day from New York, rode The
Fiddler when the now famous coup was
made over that horse's victory at Morris
Park. The picture of The Fiddler ex
hibited at the track by Captain Forsee
has been identified by 'half a dozen or
more horsemen as being a photograph of
McNamara.
Ananias was played one day at Chicago
for a "killing" and ran third In fast
company.
Sixteen bookmakers cut In yesterday.
Following are to-day's entries:
Winnie O'Connor Coming Home.
PARIS, Nov. 18.— Winnie O'Connor,
the American Jockey, left Paris for the
United States to-day. He will return
next year and wear the colors of the
Rothschilds. SS&
Secrtary Treat received a telegram yes
terday announcing that the stables of
Dayton, Clark and Carlisle would "arrive
at Ingleside from St. Louis this morning.
Al Koehnlgsberg, who is booking in the
ring, will manage the stable of Tichenor
and Neweass : next season. This Is the
firm that purchased the r contract on
Jockey Adklns from D. S. Fountalne.
Henderson, who rode Position was set
down " for ten days by the Judges, for
some rough work at the first turn.
Frank Doss told the Judges that he
backed his horse Meehanus on Saturday,
but yesterday, let him run loose. Meehan
us never was noted for being a. consistent
4, Wawekua-Nell Swift: Irascible, b. c S.
by Maximo-Ira: His Eminence, b. h. 6,
by Falsetto- Patroness: Carmelita, b. i..
by I.Inden-Agnetta; Jane Holly, ch. m. 4.
by Sleipner-Sena Royal; Duchess Ollle.
ch. f. 2, by Flying Dutchman-Ollle C:
Glisten ch. f. 2, by . Knight of Ellerslie-
Beloved; Deceit, ch. f.-2; b. c. by Falsetto,
b. ' f. by Flying Dutchman-Distress ; b. c
by Halma: b. t. by Ben Syrone-Mint
Julep; r. c. by Charaxus-Honeymoon.
With the Yeager lot came Stuyve and
Sallet owne'd.by Frank Lanterman, E. G.
Stutte sent Sydney C. Love.
Harry Robinson and J. M. Johnson &
Co., reached the track with twelve.
Boutonniere, Discus, Tommy Hill, Co
lumbia Girl, Insolence and Carnival are In
the Johnson, stable.. Pierce J, Ecome and
Optimo are three of those owned by Rob
inson.
Jockey Redfern Is coming from New
York to ride for Yea/?er.
BERIJX. . Nov. 18.— The ¦ Bourse was - closed
to-day.' this being the . annual . day for medita
tion . and - prayer. .Any one working : except • for
the necessities of life can be fined $7 60.' -
WASHINGTON, Nov. 18— Bennings
results:
First •¦ race, selling, seven furlongs —
South Trimble won,".' Our ; Nugget sec
ond. Dramatist third. Time, 1:30. •
Second race," five furlongs, 'maidens—:
Fort Hunter won,^ Nlsjayuna, second,
Gananogoe third." Time,' 1 :04 ; 3-5. 1 ¦• i ; J
* Third race,^ steeplechase," about^two
and ! a - half .. 'miles— Black .. Death J,won,
Manllian second,- Perion - third; .•¦ Time,
6:25. ;.; '.^KBSk-'-':^
Fourth race/ .the" Dixie, for; three
year-olds, one' and . three-quarter miles
—Walkover : for Colonsay.' Time,
3:41 2-5. :'.;:
Fifth race, one mile arid forty yards^-
Runnels won, * Mastermani second; i Wire
In third. Time. 1: 45 S-h.^SS^SSSBm^
Sixth race, 4 ! handicap,^ mile ana 1 a s six
teenth—CarbuncleV won,- Lord -Badge
second. Stolen 1 Mofnents third. Time,"
I:53j2 : 5.''" | V : "-¦''" '¦'-' ' : -<
• Seventh i race, one mile-- Wild \ Pirate
won; April Showers second, : Elsie ; L
third. Time, 1:42.3-5. •-
.CINCINNATI, , Nov. , 18.— Latonia .re
sults': ;¦¦ •¦>L- ¦¦''.' : - v '¦¦ ¦¦
V First race, • one mile i and' fifty yards— ;
WINNERS OF EASTERN ¦ RACES.
The Interior of Mechanics' Pavilion
will be glaringly aglow next Saturday
night, when 8000 incandescent bulbs of
varied. color will augment the regular
arc lights In conveying the illumina
tion. The reason for the unwonted
brilliance will be" an athletic carnival
and ball for the benefit of the sick and
disabled members of Electrical Work
ers' Union No.. 6. Most of the mate
rial has been donated, and the labor of
arranging the : lights ' is gratuitously
performed by the 'members of the
union, so that the expense of the.illu
mination will be very small.
Among the attractions promised. are
a number of boxing bouts, by the crack
glo*i ; jesters of .the Olympic Club. Bob
Fitzsimmons arid Eddie Graney- have
consented to act as referees of the fol
lowing contests: Sam Berger vs. Harry
Chester, George Murray vs. Bert March;
Billy Leonard vs. Bob Cairns. George
Braun, . the . champion " lightweight
wrestler, will' appear on the' mat with
a picked opponent. In addition to all
that there will be a display of beautiful
electrical effects." : •
The affair is In charge of a committee
of .arrangements, consisting : of; H. J.
Kammerer (chairman), W. J. FIsk; Ar
thur: Uglow, I Fred Beem, Fred : Smith,
E. Richardson, Fred •Allender and Wil
liam LudolphTi^BBSB^BHHBSHBBBA
Attractive Programme Arranged for
, the Benefit Athletic Show, at
the Pavilion.
NEW YOHK. Jfov. 18.— As a result of rrlef
at the recent tragic death of her sister. Mrs.
Booth -Tucker. Commander Bra Booth, the
leader of tbe Salvation Army In Canada, Is
seriously -111 h«r* with nerrous prostration.
FITZSIMMONS AND GRANEY
WILL ACT AS REFEREES
Young Corbett. the featherweight
champion boxer, is due here at 2 o'clock
this morning on a belated overland
train. Tim McGrath, his representa
tive here, and a number of friends went
up to Sacramento to meet him.
Young Corbett Duo To-Day.
LEXINGTON. Ky.. Nov. 18.— The
famous Ashland stud, the property of
Mrs. John M. Clay, widow of the. son
of Henry Clay, was dissolved to-day
at the W. T. Woodward sale by the
disposal of all Its stock. The stud was
founded by Henry Clay seventy-four
years ago.
Famous Farm Is Sold.
Paul Martin, the amateur lightweight
champion boxer from North Beach, won
the final battle of the Bay City Club's
show last night from little Dick High
land. Highland took the place" of Joe
Carroll, who balked at the last mo
ment. Though handicapped in weight,
height and reach the little boy fought a
battle worthy of a true gladiator. The
odds were too much against him, and
his dusky opponent was handed the
palm of victory at the conclusion of
the fourth round.
Every moment of the, encounter was
marked by some lively Incident in the
form of a punch, a neat block or a
frenzied cry of foul from the crowd.
Both lads .were in. the ring to do their
best, and none of their exertions were
wasted. Martin took the lead, in the
Initial round, and up 'to the fourth he
hammered his tiny opponent. Then the
latter came back with a burst of speed
that won for him round after round of
wild applause. He landed time and
again on Martin's face and body. He
rushed the latter around the ring, and
there was fire in both his dimmed eyes.
The lead of the north end slugger was
a big one and the decision" was awarded
him— a decision which he well earned
by his marvelously clever and ag
gressive work in the first three rounds.
| The next best one on the card was a
two-round affair between Joe Larkin
and Jack Burke. They mixed it bo hard
In the last spasm that the ; spectators
arose en masse and yelled like Indians.
During siege of slugging that en
sued Burke grew groggy and the po
lice ordered the' mill stopped.
Jack Moriarity quit in the first round
of his go with Bob Lundle, Nobby 'Otts
finished Billy White In a minute, bick
Cullen got the decision over : E.: Knock
and Roy West cleverly "outfought
George Gordon in four rounds. •
Manager John Halton, In making the
unexpected announcement, said the se
vere coursing of last Sunday necessi
tated the laying up of a number of
good greyhounds, thus "reducing the
number available for running. On De
cember 5 the John Grace cup stake will
be run and a large entry is expected of
Eastern and coast greyhounds. This
will mark the reopening of ttie park,
which, It Is expected, will be the scene
of coursing throughout the winter.
"When the coursing men assembled at
Pythian Castle last night to attend the
drawing for this week's stake at Union
Coureing Park they were Informed the
park will remain closed until Decem
ber 6.
COURSING CEASES
AT UNION PARK
MARTIN DEFEATS
DICK HIGHLAND
Dr. Tillman. the Yosemite Club's
physician, will visit Gardner at Lark
spur to-morrow and examine him.
Gardner is in splendid condition and is
highly confident of winning. Fitz is a
6 to 10 favorite in the betting. There is
a wide difference of opinion over the
flght, each man having many admirers.
If Fitzsimmons enters the ring in as
good condition as when he fought Jef
fries he will surely win. If Gardner
catches Fitz out of condition he is ex
pected to win handily. Fitzsimmons has
taken oft a lot of weight- in a short
time, which may leave him unfit for a
severe struggle. - ....
The sale, of seats, for the Fltzsim
mons-Gardner^contest opeped at Cor
bett's yesterday. - That the house will
be big is evidenced by the number of
orders that have come from all parts
of the State. The light heavy-weights
will probably battle before a -$20,000
house. .->r r
Jimmy Britt is a 1 to 2 choice over-
Martin Canole for. their contest to be
fought to-morrow night before the
Colma Athletic Club. There is a great
deal of Britt money in sight and it is
expected the betting will be 4 to 10 be
fore the men step into the ring. Canole
does not want, for friends, who look
upon him as a good short end. The
pair are in splendid shape and should
put up a fast battle.
The new clubhouse;will be finished or.
time and will seat the same number of
spectators as does Woodward's Pavil
ion. The club management will provide
special cars for the ring-goers of this
city. These cars will leave. Fifth "and
Market streets to-morrow night be
tween 7 and/ 8 o'clock., A < number of
private cars have been engaged.
' • Several • strong; stables \ arrived "at > Ingle-
Bide t from . Chicago yesterday.^ One of; the
best was that of Joe ; Yeas;er. •,• Among 'the
horses 1 are < some 'purchased '¦ in t New York
while j others] have ; performed ,to -good i ad-^
vantage ? on- the s Middle ¦¦'Western " tracks.*
The list : is as • follows : ' r .Waswif t, ', Al c;'
NOTES i OP, THE TRACK.
First : - race — Toto ¦ Gratiot, Wallah,
Second race — Avensrer, Durbar, Do rice.
': Third ; race— Matt ¦; Koran, Olenarvon,
Pus* In Boots. ; - . , v -¦¦¦>.¦ -¦ ¦ , \ : ¦
Pourth I race — Horton, O. B . Campbell,
Harry Thatcher. ' : ¦<'-*¦¦-,
Fifth , race— Rollick, Galantnus, Rose
of May. :*.¦; :.,'"¦:¦ ¦ ¦ -¦ ¦• :v ---. ¦ . -¦ -
: Sixth ¦ race— Ben Mao ' ShnJ. - Arcade.
BlU'Massie. .-¦>••;'*•.;¦'¦••¦:';.¦•>_ f' • '.•
PEOBABLE WINITIES.
Sixth Race— One mile; purse; three-year-olds
and. upward:, .
£?H 5 UI Mass «« ..1021 4730 Byron "Rose.:.10»
6189 Oro Viva .... 96 (6317) B. Mao Dhul 112
• < V. . :, Arcade; ..... . 90[
" • Apprentice allowance.
Fifth Race— Seven furlongs; selllnr: four
year-olds : and . upward : ¦ -. .. ; ,..*• .
6322 Rollick ...:.. 103 6318 Parsifal 103
629U»Myrtle- H ...106 4688 'Rose of 'May w
MOtt Canejo ......103 6301 Teufel . . f;f f 102
(5324)Loyal S .....111 B327 Moana ... Ill
6315,»aalanthu» ' . .106 5290 Max BendlxV.103
Fourth Race— One mll«. and 100 yards- eell
lnsr: four-year-olds and upward: '
;SR^^:-:io?^i^^r pb :ioi
Third Race— Six furlongs; selling;; three
year-olds and upward :
6322 Rey - Dare . . 09 1 6302 'SalntlT 04
6069 Berendos ....102 (B222)»Botany ""lOl
(6301)Laureatea - . .-.108 . . . . »My 8urrrls«"l0l
6313 Matt Hogan.. 97 49C5 ShfllSSuS ." 02
5iSS ? I ? ar^ - 102 «31<»0!enarvon .109
6303 Lit. Margaret. 106 (4647)Pum In Boots!l06
Second Race— Five and a half farlonff»- eell
1ns;;. two-year-olds: -. .» .
6199 'Ruvia ...:.. 0B 4678 The .Cur* ...103
6310 Miss Rlnglets.106 6306 Metlakatla 100
•6314 Scherxo ...... 107 (B314)Dorlc« ...108
6319 Durbar ......104 6307 »C. 8chwel«r. 93
•V.. 'Avenger ;.:. 106 6310 »Anlrad •....; .99
4672 »EJthel Abbott. 95t(6011)»F. E. Shaw. 102
ENTRIES FOR TO-DAY.
Finrt^ Race— Six furlongs; «ellln»; three
year-olds and upward: >
6318 Achilles .....102| B288 Martin Brady.106
4771 Past Master.. 09 6312 Merwan .....102
&313 Flourish 10&' 6318 •Cherries I0X
6056 «A1U O ..... 94 6203 *Dug MarUn 101
6306 Toto Gratiot. »7;(5116)Ama S a ......'lOa
6306 »TJto OraUot. 97 6313 'Nullab 97
¦^Sixth'; race.V one .? mile : and seventy
yards-fr-John ,won, ¦ Tufts second,
Worthlngton third. Time, 1:46. ' '
Fourth " race, steeplechase, short
courser-Sea Pirate won, Volantine sec
ond.Faraday Jr. thlrd.TlmeV 3:03%.
. Fifth race, ; seven; furlongs-rRalnland
.won;:-; Commodore second; : War > Paint
third. •;', Time,;!: 29. \
"As a way, out of this I believe a big
man; like Garry Cochran should be se
cured from the East as head coach. He
should be charged with the selection of
the team and \wlth Its discipline. He
should have .the assistance of the stars
of "other ¦ years, one man for each posi
tion.' If ~ this ; system \ was .carried ' out
the spectacle of the Berkeley men ] vio
lating the rudiments of : football would
hot /have; been presented last Satur
day. .-.".•_ : ',-;¦;'
. "The Stanford' team • was the ] Har
vard 5 team In : miniature." While < Lana
gan was nominally the. head .coach ' he
in turn was coached by/ "Billy"- Reed
of Harvard, who came ; here' full i of > the
methods \ In vogue in 'thel big Eastern
college. • -Lanagan had ' sugges
tions written ; on a sll p : of paper before
each '. practice ; and worked from these
cm ;the ; field. " ;
M. . Beaucalre won;; Barney; Burke sec
ond^ Domadge ; third. Tlme,l:47%.*v
C" Second race, five and a half , furlongs
—Miss ,! Mollie won,-. Miss * Fleisch'mann
second, Snowcup third.: Time, 1:10%.
-Thlrdrace, one mile-^Chantrello won,
Antolee . second, • Tancred third; - Time
i:43%fl/.'/r ; ! •:: : • =:;-:>;>•¦?; ' '¦¦ :¦•;?'->
"There was also' considerable politics
and friendship in: the selection of the
team, as ; at .', least three , ¦'. substitutes
were ' conceded . to ' be better 7 players
than the ; men , who lined up against
Stanford. The /positions in question
were fullback, quarterback and right
halfback. • v \ • ,
"When he offers a suggestion he Is
likely to be asked, 'Who ever told you
you could play end or quarter?' as the
case maybe. This was particularly no
ticeable at Berkeley, where the men
all had previous experience in
their respective positions. Then again
former star players were :not wanted
on the field to coach men 'In positions
with which they vwere familiar.-
TOO MUCH POLITICS.
"The discipline at Berkeley this year
was lax. The men did not exert them
selves in the preliminary games, with
the result that when they met Stanford
they had formed bad habits, which
they could not change. It is a mistake
to think one man can properly instruct
the eleven men on a 1 te^im. The coach
has possibly played but ' one position
on a team in his time and has no Inti
mate knowledge of the work of the re
mainder of the team.
An authority on footballs who has
followed closely all the big games on
this coast during the present^ season
says the system of coaching is all
wrong. "If the two universities want
to keep football up to a high standard
they must employ Eastern coaches," he
said yesterday. "The universities about
Chicago and throughout the Middle
West found this out long ago, and the
majority of them have coaches > from
Harvard, Yale, Princeton and other col
leges where^ football Is highly devel
oped. 'J -Vr. '
"I have been offered a good position,"
he said, "but I may not get it until
after I graduate. If it comes earlier it
will not interfere with my playing In
the baseball games,. as I will probably
stay in college until May."
The football team will elect a captain
to take Overall's place at a dinner to
night at Zinkand's. The candidates for
thu position are Henry Heitmuller,
Benjamin Stroud and ] Reno Demerritt.
As It was Heitmuller who saved Cali
fornia from defeat at the intercollegiate
game he will probably" be elected to
succeed Overall. There is some opposi
tion to him, however, because hie Is not
a 1 member of any fraternity.
NEW SYSTEM v NEEDED.
, No action has yet been taken on Col
onel, Edwards' suggestion, but It seems
so perfectly practicable to all men in
terested in football that the executive
committee of the Associated Students
is likely to adopt it at its next meet
ing. • *
. A story went the rounds of the uni
versity campus yesterday that Orval
Overall, captain of both the football
and baseball teams, would leave col
lege in the middle of the next semester
to accept a commercial position. -The
baseball team needs Overall to help'
It win games against Stanford next
spring and the news naturally had a
depressing effect on the students. Over
all allayed the fears somewhat when
he told some. of them that he was not
sure about his future.
OVERALL TO REMAIN.
Colonel Edwards' plan consists of
turning over \ the management of the
team to a board. This board of man
agers might be made up of the head
coach, the sub-coach, a faculty mem
ber, an alumni member and one or two
others. These_ will unite In securing
for the team the best possible coaching.
New Eastern plays will be copied and
old varsity players will be called in to
assist the individual players and the
general team work. This method of
handling the team will have the effect
of relieving' the coach of, some of his
responsibilities, which are considered
too numerous.
"This is not a complaint against the
coaches," said Colonel Edwards. '"I
have thought of It for a long time as
the best way to keep up with the game
as It is played in the East. The board
would" be the Judges of our plan of
campaign. They could see the mis
takes they made and we could profit
by them. Under the present system
nothing of the past Is remembered.
The colleges in the East long- ago
adopted the plan and we ought to do
the same."
Colonel George C. Edwards of the
University of California faculty, who
stands for the highest standard In col
lege sports, has suggested that radi
cal changes be made Jn the methods of
coaching next year's .football team.
•When racing closed last spring the
giant Dupont . was added to the list
and turned out at pasturage. The big
fellow made his first appearance this
season In the mile and a furlong sell-
Ing number, and, well ridden by Fer
rell, . won in stake horse fashion from
the' 8 to 5 favorite, Erne. Dodie S was
third. The winner closed at odds of
9 to l. ¦/•'<: ;
Dr. H. E. Rowell had his cold, Har
bor, primed and ready for a wild "klll
ing'V in' ' the maiden two-year-old,
forcing the odds from 10 down to 6,
but Johnny Schorr's Ananias interfered
with -arrangements. If Chicago form
counts for- anything the latter
youngster looked the best, notwith
standing which : his price went from
7 to £ to 3. He raced on almost even
terms with Harbor most of the route,
and. In a mild drive, led the' Rowell
entry out a neck. Instrument, a 10 to 1
outsider, ran into the show/;;
There was considerable comment
over the reversal shown by Meehanus
after the erratic chestnut . horse had
captured the third number,' a six fur
long .selling affair. Last Saturday,
over a muddy track, Meehanus re
ceived strong backing, both from his
owner and the public, at odds of 9 to 10
and couldn't scare up a gallop. Yes
terday there was 9 and 10 in profusion
and again ridden by Lee Jackson, he
scored handily from the 40 to 1 shot,
Blue Miracle. Tower, of Candles, the 7
to 10 favorite, was raced into submis
sion by Father Wentker, though man
aging, to last out long enough to get
third place.
Ivy Powell landed Loyal S winner of
the opening six furlong event The old
gelding ruled favorite, and, in a long
drive, earned the decision over Man of
Honor by less than a length. Egg Nogg,
under a vigorous beating, secured the
show.
LOYAL. S A WINNER.
Ten and twelve to one could be had
about Scott at almost any stage of the
betting, the smart play being confined
to the Jungle champion. Sad Sam, the
13 to 5 favorite. The latter chased
Money Muss to the stretch and then
tried to take to the outside fence. / It
looked once as if the yellow' horse.
Money Muss, would decamp with the
purse, but under,, D. Hall's careful tu
telage John A. Scott ran over him the
last sixteenth, winning easily in 1:00
flat. Hagerdon was a good third.
Nothing prettier In the racing line
could be wished for than the mile
handicap, which was last on the card.
To be sure only four started, but at the
finish a lindsey would almost have cov
ered the quartet. Beau Ormonde, car
rying 111 pounds and Fen-ell, opened
an even money favorite, but later his
price lengthened to twos, when a stiff
play on Warte Nicht began. • .¦
FERRELL'S COSTLY MISTAKE.
If, Ferrell, who 'rode Beau Ormonde,
had kept. the. rail position that horse
might have won. Instead, on lth$
stretch turn, he accommodatingly left
room for Adklns, astride. Warte Nicht,
to get through on the inside, and at the
wire was beaten less than a length by
the Fonso colt In ;l:40%. Dainty met
with some ill luck at the start and then
after running a superb race only lost
the.show to Bragg by half a length.
Another excellent performance was
that of John A. Scott, owned by Mil
ton Jones, which horse disposed of a
cluster of the fastest sprinters out
here in the five-furlong scramble.
As a. sort of, prelude to the real
storm the weather at Oakland yester
day was showery, but not enough rain
fell at one time to form a pool large
enough for a Stockton slough tadpole
to take a bath" In.'
A glimpse at the time on the form
chart for the different events will ver :
Ify. this statement. Loyal S and Warte
Nlcht were the only winning favorites,
but no doubt the downfall of more than
one^ choice will be ascribed to the
heavy track. The attendance was
large and the sport the. best the meet-
Ing has thus far afforded. '5 ' ; \
Colonel -Edwards Has
New Plan for Var
sity Training.
Four Favorites Meet With Defeat— Milton Jones' Fast Sprinter
John A. Scott Downs a Cluster of Fast Ones — Meehanus Pools
the Talent— Dupont Disposes of Erne in* an Ordinary Gallop
BOARD TO LOOK
AFTER FOOTBALL
WARTE NICHT DEFEATS BEAU ORMONDE
UNDER THE CLEVER RIDING OF ADKINS
SPORTS OF THE RACETRACK, THE PRIZERING AND THE COURSING FIELD
THE SAN TEAK CISCO CAIiL,; THURSDAY. 1?,; J903»
Flood of Money. Offered on the Californian Is . Not Taken -.Up "by
the Backers of the Visitor—Big Attendance Is Assured for
the Fitzsimmons and Gardner Fight* on Thanksgiving Eve
BRITT RULES A STRONG FAVORITE
OVER CANOLE, THE EASTERN BOXER
8
ApyEKTTRiMXirrg.
iVicn
H'fJ Only
4^v EVER/CASE
•'¦PrwvJ ITREAT -
DB. O C JOSLEN. I F l ACCEPT
• , - _".."-,.,. * your cane It
Tb« Leading Spedalist. doesn't make any
_ _ difference, how complicated or of
}\/\ how long standing, you are sure
All. ot a cure. . .
Sixteen years of eueceRsful prac-
j_7 tlc« In Men's Diseases enables me
I to apply the proper methods and
medicines. 1 cure Spermatorrhoea,
IWT Organic Weakness. Lost Vigor. Var-
1^1 Icocele, Hydrocele Contracted Dis-
orders. . Specific Blood Poison. Mies
and Stricture* — rertorinR all affected
organs to normal and healthy action in
tbe ehortest possible space ' of time.. •
Vtr f «e« are lair; my cures perma-
nent and yon can pay when cured.
Consultation and advice free at office or
fcy mall. Bend for : pamphlet. "Live All
Tour Yean 1 Man." It; Is. free,-
Dr. 0. C. Joslen
Cor. Market and Kearny Streets
Opposite "Call*; * Building,"
_ . ADVERTISEMENTS* ;
CRUSHES OUT JQfe
THE LlFEr^^^l^^
The most loathsome and repulsive of all N^!|^gi^/ ,— >Ja ¦
Hying things is the serpent, and the vilest and -^^^^
most degrading of all human diseases. is Contagions Blood Poison. The
serpent sinks its fangs into the flesh and almost instantly the poison passes
through the entire body. Contagions Blood Poison, beginning with a little
ulcer, soon contaminates every drop of blood and spreads throughout the
.whole system. Painful swellings appear in the groins, a red rash and
copper colored splotches break out on the body, the mouth and throat
become ulcerated, and the hair and eye brows fall out ; but these symptoms
are mild compared to the wretchedness and suffering that come in the latter
stages of .'the disease when it attacks the bones and more vital "parts of the
body. It is then that Contagious Blood Poison is seen in all, its hideous-
ness: Thejdeep eating abscesses and sickening ulcers and tumors show
the whole system is corrupted and poisoned, and unless relief comes soon
this 'serpent disease tightens Jts coils and crushes out the life. The-only
antidote for the awful virus is*S. S.S. It is nature's romody, com-
'-^—i _ ' - ¦% posed . entirely of * vegetable ingredients. S. S. S.
,*¦¦'/#"^ i fio*l iC!^ 3 ; every vestige of the poison, ; purifies the
: V^ j vN VhV; blood arid removes all danger of transmitting the
i KkaVJ j b^/ b^/ taint : to , others. Nothing else - will do this.
-v f -~' : ' Strong; mineral \ remedies, like mercury arid potash, :
1 dry up the' sores arid drive in the disease, but ' do not cure permanently.
" Send for our home treatment book and write us if in need of medical
advice or special information^"- This" will 'cost you nothing. .
;¦_..,;.;'., THE SWIFT SPECIFIC CO., ATLANTA, GAs -Woodchopper Pound Dead in Cabin.
HONOLULU, Nov. 11.— The Depart
ment of Public Works has received au
thorization to open Pearl harbor for
navigation and place such buoys as are
necessary In its channels and in the
harbor. The authorization has twelve
Indorsements on it, showing transfers
from one official to another, with nec
essary approvals. The original appli
cation was to Captain Williamson.
Quartermaster at Honolulu. From,Wil
liamson it went to the Department of
California, then to Colonel Heuer, ad
jutant, and from him' to General Mac-
Arthur, the head of the army. Air the
officers approved it in turn and it was
sent back to the Territorial Govern
ment through Captain Williamson. .
Pearl Harbor to Be Opened.
WOODLAND, Nov. IS.— Another man
on the checker board in the contest
between a majority of the City Trus
tees and a majority of the Library
Trustees has somewhat improved the
prospects of a final agreement. Mayor
Beamer has appointed A. W. North
to succeed J. I. McConnell, who. It was
discovered, failed to take the oath of
ofl&ce when he was appointed.
Mayor Appoints a New Trustee.
SPOKANE. Wash., Nov. 18.— Former
Senator George Turner, who has re
turned from the meeting of the Alas
kan Boundary Commission, states that
he is not seeking the Democratic nomi
nation for Vice President of the United
States. The Chronicle quotes him as
saying: _ ,
" "I am not a candidate for Vice Presi
dent. It is, of course, a very nice com
pliment, which I appreciate, to be con
sidered by one's friends, but all'I can
say is, as was said by an Eastern poli
tician, that the Vice Presidency would
probably, go to the Middle West.**
Not a Candidate for Vice President.
SAN JOSE, Nov. 18.— The body of an
unidentified man, who is " believed to
have fallen from a passenger train, was
found this morning lying 'beside the
railroad track near Perry station;
eighteen miles south of this city. It
is believed his neck was broken by the
fall. There was nothing in the pock
ets of the dead man to identify ; him
aside from a baggage check, which is
numbered 4128. In his* hat was the
conductor's check. The deceased is
about 40 years of age and appears to
be a well-to-do laboring man.
Killed by Fall Prom a Train.
HONOLULU. Nov. 11.— The North
German Lloyd training bark Herzogln
Sophie Charlotte has arrived from
Bremen after a voyage of 132 days.
Shortly before rounding the Horn one
of the cadets, named Kishler. was
knocked from the maintop during a
storm. He fell to the deck, a distance
of ISO feet, and was killed instantly.
The burial took place at sea.
The training bark presents the as
pect of a man of war. The discipline
on board Is rigorous, as she has fifty
five cadets in training to enter the
North German Lloyd service. After
three years of study of navigation and
practical seamanship on board the bark
the cadets serve one year as Junior offi
cers In the German navy. They then
enter the service of the Lloyd Company
after a stiff examination.
Tragic Accident Occurs on Bark So
phie Charlotte as She Bounds
Capo Horn. *i -.:
CADET FALLS TO DEATH
ON A TRATNINQ SHIP
Van Bergen Funeral Ceremonies.
SAN MATEO, Nov. IS.— The funeral
cf Howard H. Van Bergen, the 18-year
c:d eon of J. TV. Van Bergen, a wealthy
San Francisco wine merchant, will
tak« vla.ee here to-morrow morning.
The f-jnerai services will be held at
the Van Bergen home at 11:30 o'clock
and -will be conducted by the Rt. Rev.
William Ford Nichols. Bishop of Cali
fornia, ar.d Rev. E. C. Parsons, rector
of the Protestant Episcopal' church
here. The funeral train, bearing the
Bishop and other friends, -will leave
San Francisco at 10:20. After the ser
vices here they will proceed to Cypress
Lawn Cemetery, where the interment
will take place.
CHICAGO. Nov. IS.— Andrew Young,
for eleven years head of the sanitary
bureau of the Chicago Health Depart
ment, has been removed from entice by
order of Commissioner of Health Rey
nolds. The reason given is th- lax sys
tem prevailing In the bureau and the
evidence of corruption among Inspec
tors, though Young has not himself
been involved;
Health Officer Is Ousted.
United States Naval Officer John P.
Irish iru asked, yesterday, concern
ing the truth of an article In an un
reliable newspaper of this city which
stated that extensive frauds had been
discover' i in the Custom-house here,
and that the Treasury Department had
crderei an investigation. Neither
Actir.? Collector Hamilton, who had
been seen previously, nor any one else
In. the Custom-house knew of any ir
regularities or that an order of investi
gation had been made.
In answer to the inquiry. Colonel
Toe San Francisco Custoa-!x>u«» and revesus
£ etnet are r.e.ther eadcr charges nor under
LsvmtlrattOCL Inspection* or thi* Custon;
) Me and district «re n»de Irani tira* to time
t v t^e t&eclai agents service and recently the
•¦--¦- :rn-hou*e :i»ei; was quite thoroughly
. Ista by Asststaiit Secretary ArrnjstrtfiK
• • -•? Tr»asury Ewjiajtinent. the result betng
t . rr;rr.ytr«Uon that every divlslcri oi the
i i hett has faithfully performed its duty
¦- Government. The equipirent of the
< ¦ ts-bosK in the divisions of the Collector.
eyw an-i Naval Officer i* exc-!lent In Its
; - ¦->'.. and there is every evidence that
c-r ¦¦¦i'.-.f*. clerks. insiwciGrt. weichera, ap
| •.¦ -• r- ar.l examiners are ialthftiiiy perform
•;-- •r.*- tiuties. SmuETriicc her* is ax the
' that it baa ever been, probably. In
• ' tA the district. Tie only iisug-
p .-• -£ : £r»at importance ever carried en ben
»y la the covert introduction of cpiuni when
•.* - :•-•.} en that article vu 112 p»r pound.
I 1. C&oac <3&yg th«>re wa* co doubt that laree
* capita! was interested In the tm-aggl:r-g o'
the drug, because th«>y could aST'ird to Jo*«
t*o cars 1^* oct of three an3 yet mafca aa
e&onoeua i refit.
• SMTGGLING HAS CEASED.
"The wis* r*ductlt>a cf tfc* duty on opium
ha* brought the risk on a par with the profit,
anj we have r. w only occaeior-al attempts 18
t:r.u£sle lr. s. fe-or tins by petty officers on
r""i«rd of shir*. The great t>us!t>e«s :~- that
l!5« which employed awift cailir.? brat» and
xaaintaired bi&iag place* ail alv/n* the coast
has passed aiay.
" Revertir.gr to the chief topic, Colonel
.Irish said:
• The etatement i* ma^e by tel<*?rsph from
¦U'iLyhliigton th:s marring that Custom-house
' BfiUn in San Fraxeis?o sre not under sus
picion nor contemplated investigation. We all
welcome inspection and investigation and are
:--¦-¦.. for advice injra the dej>e.!tra«:t as
to Irr-xrovptaeat in E«hoc» and increase in
watchfulness.
In reply to an inquiry concerning the
rumor that the office of Naval Officer
¦p-'ould be abolished in all Custom
houses, Colonel Irish Bald:
Orera: leztoSatloQ U conten:pis.tea aflectlng
th* navaJ <j;Sc«> function in <mr revenue *ys
teia. The abolition cf all naval efficeg has
k*+n c^t^n proposed. It was recomuiended. I
b^iieve, by i<>niier Secretary of the Treasury
Ga.ee. an i hae been recommended by other
tr»a>ury o'ficers from time to time. However,
when the committees of Corjrress approached
th» matter they discovered the fact to be that
more than Ov per cnt of all o'jt rerenues
If c^>c:ed through Custom-booce* that have
the help, ciecka and ealeg-uards oi the naval
of8r», and that it is fjeh a. part of our
wvesae *y«t*:n that if abol.'siwd an ent;n»
ch*£yr«» !n the system from the grwul vp
wia :- required.
NECESSABY SAFEGT7ABDS.
71m can] eC&ee rafpinaris ths receipt and
c-;- -.: of all ca*h RTCBOes, while It handles
rot a dollar of public money. It safeguards
th* ectire drawback fyrtem unier which S3
per cret of duty collected on imported articles
Is refundM in the .-.-» of re-exports. In this
ciRtrict the drawbacks annually approximate
half a million dollars. They arv paid upon
' fujrar uwd In trait rann.ng-. upon tin for
cans ard upon glycerine used in the mar.u
iaaure cf hljrb explosive*; a.:?o in alcoholic
preparations used in BESStflCtartCf sj-.d bonded
warehouses.
Tim naval office ehare* with th» Collector
the responsibility of verifying the chanLrter of
these Unp'-Tted. article* -Cf-n which dra»4/ack
la demanded. Upon my repr**entation oi the
IllWllHMH of the drawback tu*:n»?5# of this
port and the necessity of a n-^r* eiact method
cf safeg-jariiiu? the Gonrsacst In that re
spect a special department tor that purpose
¦wa* created in rr.y oOe* ar.i an extra clerk
¦was riven to me. detailed ta> that Uuty alone
This has resiiltod in efSciently pntactfBS the
Government in the matter of drawbacks.
PEESEST METHOD ECONOMICAL.
My riperriftcn of the entire COstam-hena
and th* necessary action of sny office ia t£e
complete examination of importations twult 'n
protecting the Collector in the administration,
r.t his duties ard fumi^hinr to the importers
the facilities required for the transaction of
their bu?:n*s5. which otherwise -would have
to t« furnlsht-d by the Treasury J>-partm<?~t
at Waghlnjrton. Kecfssitatin* ion? delays, of
cocrse. involving Jcfsses to the import fad*
Certainly It is posj'ble to abolish. the naval
office by title, tut the duties which are per
formed her* must t* performed somewhere
Either by the organization of sew bureaus in
the revenue dirtricts or by transfer to th»
Treasury Ewp*rtmect at Washington and i-i
the end the result would be no e^'nomy in
the collection of the revenues but a certain
decrease in the efficiency with wfc'-i ??,.
dutle* row discharged by tt« n*v«i" O '3?«
would be discharged somewhere else t&4 by
some other form of organization.
Tax Collector Smith yesterday re
fused to accept the tax npon the real
property assessed to the United Rail
roads on Valencia street, near Her
mann, because the corporation refused
to pay the taxes upon Its personal prop
erty, franchise and machinery, roadbed,
rolling stock, tools and material, the'
lien for which taxes was a charge
against the real estate described.
The representatives of the corpora
tion tendered to Smith the sum of
$19,101 92. being the first installment of
the taxes for 1903 on all Its real estate.
Smith would not accept the money un
less the United Railroads paid the en
tire first installment of taxes upon its
personal property. Including Its fran
chise. This tax. amounting to $36*
650 59, the corporation Is willing to pay
but as. the city, has assessed the road
and the State has done likewise the
corporation does not know to whom to
pay the money. It does not desire to
pay the taxes twice and lte attorneys
informed Tax Collector Smith that it
was willing to deposit the money with
the court to determine who should re
ceive it. Smith could not take the
money for taxes on its real estate on
Valencia street which secures the pay
ment of taxes on Its personal property
amounting to 52S17 £3.
SMITH BEFTJSES TAXES.
"You, of course, understand that
taxes become delinquent on the last
Monday of this month, and if not paid
by that time heavy penalties accrue.
Being ready and willing to pay our
taxes, we want to avoid these penal
ties. You can also see that If we pay
either claimant now and It should
finally turn out that we should have
paid the other we would be burdened
with the very, penalties we are seeking
to avoid.
"Of course, we could decline to pay
either. But this would mean separate
judicial and other proceedings upon
the part of both city and State, and
would result In prolonged and vexa
tious litigation which it Is equally de
sirable to avoid.
"By a suit In interpleader all parties
are udted in the same action, the
amount of the tax is forthwith paid
into court, and the respective rights
of the city and State can be speedily
and finally determined."
"Now, the United Railroads is ready
to pay Its taxes, but It doesn't know to
whom to pay, and so is seeking to have
that question determined by proper
judicial authority.
"The proceeding which has been in
stituted is called a suit in interpleader
and is a proceeding which is often em
ployed to determine the rights of con
flicting claimants. The person upon
whom the claim is made by the several
claimants avers his willingness to pay,
but states that he is unable to deter
mine with safety to himself to which
particular claimant the payment should
b» made. He, therefore, turns the
amount of the claim over to the court
to be paid to such claimant or claim
ants as the court may determine.
"This is the course being pursued
by the United Railroads.
DELINQUENT TETS MONTH.
..- The suit Is not a new action, being
a means often employed where, though
a party is willing to comply with the
law, there exists a doubt as to the per
son or persons to whom money shall
be paid over. Attorneys Tirey L. Ford
and W. M. Abbott filed the action on
behalf of the company yesterday. It
was assigned to Judge Seawell by
Judge Murasky, and an order was is
sued directing the defendants in the
action, the various Tax Collectors and
the State Board of Equalization, to ap
pear before Judge Seawell November 20
and give evidence in the matter.
FORD EXPLAINS SUIT.
In discussing the suit yesterday At
torney Tirey L. Ford said:
"The purpose of the suit is to deter
mine where and to whom the United
Railroads shall pay its taxes. The
property of the company was assessed
by the State Board of Equalization,
and. if the State board had jurisdiction
in the matter, then the tax resulting
from their assessment is payable to the
State Controller. On the other hand,
the same property was assesed by the
Assessor of San Francisco, and if that
officer had jurisdiction, then the tax
resulting from his assessment is pay
able to the Tax Collector of San Fran
cisco.
the court.
The question cf which official shall
be the recipient of the taxes of the
United Railroads was passed up to the
Superior Court yesterday by the filing
of a suit in interpleader by the com
pany. Whether the money shall be paid
to Tax Collector Smith of this city, the
Tax Collector of San Mateo County,
the Tax Collector of the city of San
Mateo or the State Board of Equaliza
tion, each cf whom claims the right to
collect, is the bone of contention. Tax
Collector Smith has already refused to
accept the sum the United Railroads
has been assessed, and, until the issue
has been determined by Judge Seawell.
to whom the case has been assigned,
the money will remain In the hands of
"In a straight line across toward the
Hilo side there were six smaller cones,
all more or lesa active. During the
night one of these broke out in violent
eruption. There was increased activity
In the larger one at the same time, and
the whole surface of the lake was vio
lently agitated, waves of molten lava
surging from the center out to the
edge and dashing itself like firellke
surf on the edees. At this time. too.
there was activity in one of the smaller
lakes, the lava welling up like water
from an artesian well. This Increased
activity lasted for several minutes and
the lava in the central lake rose so high
that it broke over its banks in three
streams, which soon united and flowed
in the direction of the Kau gap."
"At intervals the commotion was
very much like the noise of a locomo
tive blowing off steam, and when this
phenomenon was particularly violent
the whole body of lava In the cone
seemed to be lifted up to the lip of the
cone and fl**r over In a stream of fire.
HONOLULU, Nov. 11.— George P.
Thlelen of the Land Registration Court
has Just returned from a visit to the
volcano. His party made a quick trip
to the top of Mokuaweoweo, and he
says the sight is well worth any little
trouble and inconvenience which .visi
tors may experience. Speaking of tha
crater, Mr. Thielen says:
"In the center of the immense crater,
and probably about where the deepest
portion of it was before the present
activity, there was an Immense lake
of lava in which were several cones and
other forms of activity. The lake has
spread out, the lava hardening as it
spreads from the central fire, until it
has built up a bank or margin fully
ten feet, perhaps more, higher than the
general level of the lava . throughout
the crater. Within thi3 margin the
play and wash and agitation of the
molten lava as it was perturbed by the
awful forces be-ow was magnificent
and awe-Inspiring, especially at night,
when color gave distinctness and per
spective to the motion.
"Two other smaller lakes have formed
on the old floor of the crater, both to
the northward of the central one, each
of which showed activity. In the cen
tral lake there was one very large and
very active cone. It has been built up
at least 200 feet above the level of'the
lake. Every few seconds there is a
violent ejection of molten lava, rising
often to a height of 100 feet above the
top of the cone and falling back In
globes and stars and cascades of fire.
Special Correspondence of The CalL
"Mr. Cooper is very anxious to close
up a lot of matters which may not be
in the interest of the Territory." said
Secretary Carter, entering upon a
lengthy statement of protest, "because
they are unfinished business of the De
partmentof Public Works. I do not
see why there should be this unseemly
haste when the wisdom of a number of
past transactions which have been con
summated is In doubt. It seems to me
that it shows very decidedly a lack of
confidence in the new administration.
This is the first time I have heard of
many of these deals. I most seriously
object to the attitude of the old ad
ministration in rushing through these
transactions. It doesn't show any con
fidence in the new administration.
"I will say personally that I have lost
confidence in the reports which are
made here. Mr. Cooper stated recently
that his reports were made in the in
terests of the Territory as a whole and
ever since he made the statement I
haven't had the confidence I had before
in his reports and recommendations.
These transactions represent large
amounts, but we have no figures ex
cept from the other side. They may
be accurate, but they are not from the
Government side and they are from In
terested parties. I don't see why we
are called together on the eve of a
change in administration to rush these
propositions through."
"I don't see that there is any rush
ing through," said Cooper. "When I
took office I was snowed under for
months with the unfinished work of
my predecessor. My ambition is to
leave no unfinished business. This land
transaction is not a new thing. It has
been discussed for months."
"Excuse me, Mr. Cooper, but It is a
new thing," replied Carter. "It Is new
business which the old administration
is trying to get through. You can leave
unfinished business In your department
as far as the new administration is
concerned. The new administration
has to take the responsibility."
"I am trying to relieve the new ad
ministration of this responsibility."
"The responsibility of running the
Government will be with the new ad
ministration whatever Is done now. I
don't think It shows very much con
fidence in the new administration to
hurry these matters through now. We
are asked to come here and vote on a
proposition without sufficient data to
form a conclusion. I don't think it is
the proper way and If a vote is to be
taken on the matter I shall beg to be
excused before the vote."
Carter remarked that further investi
gation was necessary and that there
was danger that some disadvantageous
transactions, , like some past ones,
might be made. Asked by the Gover
nor to name examples, he spoke of a
Kahiklnui deal and of a transaction
with Mrs. Nakuina, which were acted
on without sufficient data. He said
that transactions "on the quiet" natur
ally lead to criticism, often unjust,
but If all the people have a chance to
bid there could be no complaints.
HONOLULU, Nov. 11.— A very ani
mated discussion of Territorial land
transactions was brought about In the
Executive Council meeting yesterday
by a protest from Secretary Carter
against what he termed the disposition
to "rush" through a lot of deals before
the coming change In administration-
Carter very severely criticized so'me
transactions of the past, as. not In pub
lic interest, and there followed a
lengthy discussiqn with Superintendent
Cooper and .'.the Governor,, which
showed much difference in the views
taken by them.
The matter under discussion was
brought up by Cooper and was the ex
change of land on an even valuation
of $45,000. "The land Is needed by the
Department of Public Works," he said,
"as a site for an armory and for a new
royal school."
Soeclal -Correspondence of . The Call.
Institution Conducted on
Businesslike and Effi
cient Lines.
Land Deals the Subject of
Dispute in Hawaiian,
Would Have Legal Opinion
on Claims of Tax
Collectors.
Active Craters With Their
Molten Lakes Give In
spiring Scene.
CHICAGO, Nov. IS.— A duel between
men armed with pistol and stiletto was
fought on Archer avenue last night
When the battle ended both the par
ticipants had received wounds , which
were pronounced fatal.
Frank Russo, 18 years old, and Fer
dinand D. Vlninento, 21 years old, met
in front of Russo's rooms. They, had
long been enemies, it is said, and with
out a word of warning they rushed at
each other. Vlninento fired as he ran
and Russo stabbed him as he fell.
Thirty people standing near by saw the
battle and policemen who came had to
beat their way through a larger crowd.
Anthony Russo was arrested for com
plicity In the crime.
Chicago Lads Settle a Grudge With
Pistol and Knife in the
Street.
H. J. Bruder, a bartender, was bound
over in $3000 bail yesterday by Judge
Conlan on the charge of attempt to
commit murder. On the night of Oc
tober 25 he shot twice at George Dem
ery in a 6aloon at 635 Vallejo street.
One of the bullets lodged in Demery*s
back and he has been in a hospital
since, recovering from his wound. The
YOUTHFUL ENEMIES*
IN DEADLY COMBAT
• • •
Harry Shreve, a glassblower. ap
peared before Judge Fritz yesterday to
answer to the charge of being drunk
and carrying a concealed weapon.
When he was arrested he told the po
liceman that he intended to shoot out
some lights with the revolver he was
carrying. Shreve looked like a respect
able citizen and when he told the Judge
that the revolver he carried would not
explode a cartridge a policeman was
sent down into the basement of the
Hall of Justice to test the weapon. He
returned with the report, that the re
volver would not shoot and Shreve .was
allowed to go with an admonition to
keep sober. .
"Mister DoQley-ooley-ooley-ooley-oh"
received a partial vindication in Judge
Conlan's court yesterday. He was ar
rested on the charge of disturbing the
peace and quietude of Kearny street in
the block bounded by Pine and Califor
nia. Of course, Mr. Dooley was not
haled Into the Police Court in person.
He is too great a man for that. But he
appeared vicariously through F. J. Mc-
Carthy, who conducts a phonographic
establishment at 342 Kearny street.
Abraham Isaacs, who runs a jewelry
establishment at 331 Keamy street, was
the complaining witness. He testified
that an electrical piano in McCarthy's
establishment played "Mr. Dooley" so
insistently that his business was on
the verge of ruin. He brought sixteen
witnesses to corroborate his grievance.
The defendant outdid him In the
number of witnesses. He had twenty
six to swear that the music was thor
oughly enjoyable and never disturbed
them. As far as the'r business was
concerned, they thought "Mr. Dooley'i
was helpful. Among the rebutting wit
nesses was the father of the complain
ant, who. censured his son for his an
tagonism to the phonographic parlor.
Nearly everybody who is engaged in
business or lives in the vicinity of the
phonograph parlor was In attendance
to testify. Among them was a deaf
man who said that the music did not
bother him in the least.
Judge Conlan made a Solomon-like
Judgment. He got McCarthy to prom
ise that "Mr. Dooley" would be re
placed by other popular melodies and
that a soft pedal would be placed on
the piano. Under that agreement the
defendant was dismissed.
Charles H. Eichelberger wanted to
discharge his housekeeper, and found
the task difficult. Accordingly he
sought the assistance of Police Judge
Cabaniss yesterday. He testified that
his housekeeper was generally drunk
and unruly. The defendant, Fanny Le
brecke by name, appeared, clad sump
tuously in a costly mink coat and a hat
to match. She told the Judge that her
relations to Eichelberger were some
what closer than those of a mere me
nial. He had furnished a flat for her
and bought her much finery. She prom
ised the Judge that she would vacate
the premises gladly If she were allowed
to go. The case was continued for
thirty days.
Five years ago Eichelberger was a
prospector in Arizona. He owned a pair
of overalls, a shirt, two burros and a
couple of hob-nailed shoes. One day
he climbed a hill that raises its sun
scorched back between the Colorado
and Gila rivers, and the nails in his
shoes scratched the formation. When
he looked down at the nail marks he
nearly went crazy. The rock was shot
ted and seamed with gold. He had dis
covered the King of Arizona mine,
which is daily adding thousands of
dollars to the gold output of the Ter
ritory-
He sold his Interest for $250,000, and
since then has been indulging in the
luxuries of life. Recently he has be
come engaged in the laundry business
in this city and hired a housekeeper.
The laundry was not sufficient to en
gage all his energies, so he went Into
the housekeeper business. A pretty
Mexican girl whom he married at the
first outburst of his new fortune and
who now lives in Los Angeles will
probably resent the housekeeper epi
sode when she hears of it.
ST. LOUIS. Nov. IS.— Judge Adams
to-day sentenced John P. Dolan, chair
man of the Democratic County Central
Committee, and Policeman Frank Gar
ratt, convicted of participation In nat
uralization frauds, to five years' im
prisonment In the penitentiary and
each to pay a' fine of $1000.
Passing of sentence on Thomas E.
Barrett, former marshal of the St.
Louis Court of Appeals, convicted on
the same charge, was deferred until
after his trial on other Indictments for
similar crimes. A new trial in each
case was denied.
Judge Adams Passes Sentence on Poli
tician and Policeman for Frauds
Committed.
MORE ST. I/OTJTS RASCAXS
SENT TO PENITENTIARY
Phillip Magulre was found guilty of
till tapping yesterday in Judge Mogan's
court. He was arrested by Detectives
Fitzgerald and Graham In the act of
taking 52 50 from a till In a bakery at
106 Noe street. There were other
charges against him of the same char
acter, but these could not be proved.
• • •
"Jack the Hugger" was up before
Judge Mogan yesterday. He turned
out to be Hialmar Neilson, a Dane,
who is a well dressed, clean limbed
young Viking who works in a furniture
factory- He put his arms around Lola
Roberts when she was going home
from her work at the Montana dance
hall. "With all the instincts of woman
hood aroused In her she told him "not
to get fresh." He responded by knock
ing her into the middle of Kearny
street- It was muddy and her sealskin
sacque was stained. The Judge heard
the testimony and continued the case
until Saturday for further Investiga
tion. /
Morris Stroner was arrested yester
day on complaint of Leo'RolbeclkLon
a charge of battery. The defendant is
night clerk at the "What Cheer House
and says that the complaining witness,
after having reposed all rihjht In one of
the luxurious beds of the establish
ment, refused to render up the 15 cents
that is exacted in such cases. Rtroner
tried to take the money away from
him. and In so doing hit the recalcit
rant lodger in the eye. Therefore this
morning he will have to tell Judge
Mogan the troubles of an innkeeper.
Patrick Hannon, secretary of the La
borers' Protective and Benevolent As
sociation, was arrested yesterday on
complaint of Terrence O'Donnell, one
of the executive committee of the or
ganization. The charge is misdemeanor
embezzlement in the retention of a
bankbook valud at $5. Behind this
charge the officers of the organization
claim that Hannon has made himself
custodian of funds to the amount of
$1000. which he refuses to account for.
Hannon surrendered himself during the
afternoon and claimed that he had re
ceipts tor all the money he had re
ceived/ To-day Judge Moran will
thrash out the matter. . t
• • • .•
Dr. I. Matsumaka and his wife were
walking along Dupont street Tuesday
night when he received his injuries.
He appeared before Judge Cabaniss
yesterday and told what he remem
bered of the occurrence. He was
swathed in linen bandages and gave
evidences of having had a lively time.
He said that H. Hayashi, a fellow
countryman, had beaten him entirely
without cause. S. Kishi, another little
brown man, attempted to act as peace
maker and got several jolts from the
overflow. Policeman McShane arrested
all three, being unable to distinguish
the aggressor in the tangle. Judge Ca
baniss did a little analytical work on
the bunch and sentenced Hayashi to
spend thirty days In the County Jail.
The others were allowed to go on their
way.
Thomas Newman, the sailor board
ing-house keeper, who was arrested
some weeks ago on complaint of th£
British Consul for disturbing the peace,
is again irt trouble. Yesterday John
Cane, keeDer of a sailors' boarding
house at 12 V^llejo street, swore out a
warrant charging Newman with com
ing into his place and threatening to
kill Cane and his son. | Newman was
released on bail and his defense to the
charges will be heard to-day.
•Salvator Onarato proved a foxy de
fendant. He was accused in Judge
Conlan's court yesterday of assaulting
Annie Vento, an eight year old girl, on
November 1. He slapped her several
times and knocked her down. He had
six witnesses to prove that he had
never touched the child on his visit to
the house at 422 Bay street. Judge Con-
Ian took a hand in the questioning and
suddenly developed through the flood
of broken English poured forth by the
witnesses that they were testifying to
occurrences on November 17 instead
of November 1. Accordingly he gave
credence to the little girl's story and
found Onarato guilty. The trick of
changing the dates nearly served the
purpose of acquitting- a burly brute
who had beaten a child.
testimony showed that during the
course of an ordinary argument Bru
der drew his revolver and unexpected
ly turned it loose against Demery.
Land Office Attache De
scribes View at Mo
kuaweoweo.
Vindicates the Custom-
House of Charges of
Irregularity.
United Railroads Sues
to Determine Rights
of Officials.
Superintendent Charged
With Lack of Faith in
Administration.
Repents of His Bargain and Seeks Relief in Police Court.
"Mister Dooley" Receives Vindication at the Hands of
Judge Conlan— Clever Defense by a Foxy Defendant
CARTER TAKES
COOPER TO TASK
GRANDEUR IN
THE VOLCANO
KNOTTY PROBLEM
FOR THE COURTS
NO FRAUD, SAYS
COLONEL IRISH
MINING MAN ASKS HELP
TO OUST HOUSEKEEPER
THE SAN FKANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, NOVEMBER 19, 1903.
1 STOCKTON, Nov. 18.— Preston Gas
ton^ a glassblower, committed suicide
here to-day by shooting himself
through;. the heart. It: Is said. that; he
was despondent because of poor health.
Shoots Himself Through, the Heart.
WOODLAND, Nov. 18.— The crushing
of wine grapes was practically over
before the last rain. The last pomace
was taken out of the tanks of the
Woodland Winery to-day. The output
of wine for the season will be about
400,000 gallons.
Large Wine Yield at Woodland.
SAN JOSE, Nov. 18.— Peter Roberts,
a woodchopper, was found dead In bed
in his cabin near Madrone yesterday
afternoon. -.; An -: autopsy showed that
death resulted from congestion of the
lungs. V Deceased was about 50 years of
age and was a native of New York.
He had been a resident of . this State
for about twenty years. •
9
GRAPE-NUTS.
ADOPTED THE TWIN
. A-nfl Built Him Up.
A !a<Iy of Des Mo!nes, Iowa, who re-
cently adooted a baby boy had an ex-
perience Ih feeding the youngster that
" niay rrove interesting-
She says: "Three incnths ago I took
#»¦ tstis; baby. He was bo weak aad
puny at the time that I believed I
would r;>:ver be able to raise him.
"I four.d that the only food he could
keep on his stomach was Grape-Nuts
and when I beg-an to feed this regularly
to him he be^an to thrive.' In two
weeks he showed marked Improvement
• and he is now a fat healthy boy and
has -at last caught up with his twin sis-
ter, who •was always ruddy and
healthy.. He is certainly a fine little
fellow, thanks to a fine ¦ pure and
scientific food." Name given by Pos-
tum Co., Battle Creek. Mich.
Grape-Nuts contains all the constit-
uents of a complete food and the whole
in predigested (by a purely mechanical
process) eo the very weakest stomach
will digest it. It is the most scientific
food in the world, suited to all ages.
Se<? the receipe book in each package. - -
Look la each package for a copy of
the famous little book, "The Road to
TTellville." . . . J
AT>V F^TTRTTVrTrKTTa.
rtOSTETTEl^s
p ™ CELEBRATED \f
A dose of the Bitters before
meals will create a healthy desire
for food and assist the stomach in
its work of digestion. Then you'll
not suffer from Flatulency, Sour
Stomach, Sick Headache, Dyspep-
sia or Indigestion. We urge a trial
at once.
. ADVERTLSKHTEUTS.
RHEUMATISM
KIDNEY, BLADDER AND
PROSTATIC DISEASES ARE
CURt'J BY ELECTRO-CHEM-
ISTRY AS BY NO OTHER
KNOWN TREATMENT.
Mr. R. B. CUTTING. Petaluma. CaL
Mr. CUTTING says: "For
many years I suffered from rheu-
matism. I had a back-breaking
pain over my kidneys. My knees
were painful and weak — my blad-
der was irritable. I had to get up
very often at night. I took much
medicine, but it wore out my stom-
ach and did me no good. I am a
pretty old man and thought I had
about worn out, but the Electro-
Chemic treatment has cured me
iand I feel twenty years younger
since taking it. (Signed),
R. B. CUTTING,
Petaluma, Cal.
EUCTBO-C H r. M 1 ST JtT CUBSS.
Catarrh Lirer Ulsaaiet
Asthma Bladder Diseases
Consumption Eczema
Beafaess Epilepsy *
Head ITolses Pile*
zresronsaess 'Women's Diseases
Cancer Men's Diseases
Tumors Ss±x Diseases
BriTht's Slseasa Blood Diseases
Diabetes Rheumatism
Dyspepsia KenraZ^la
CONSULTATION f n T f
AND \W\\
X-RAYEXAMINATIONI lU-1-
HOME TREATMENT.
If you live at a distance, try to come
for a personal examination. If you can't
come, write for Instructions for home
examination and treatment.
ELECTRO-CBEJHC INSTITUTE,
118 OBAarr AVI.. Cox. Post st^ SAX
PBLA.HC1SCO.
Office Hours — 9 a. m. to 5 p. n and 7
to 8 p. ex. daily; Sundays. 10 a. a to l
p. m.
Separate apartments for ladles and
gentlemen.
BAJA CALIFORNIA j
Damiana Bitters
IS A GREAT RESTORATIVE. INY1GORA-
tot and Nenrtne.
The most ironderful tphrodislafi aad Sp*«Ul
Tonic for the Sexual Organs, tor both sexes.
Tbe Mexican Remedy for Diseases of t&a
Kldneyt and Bladder. Sells on its own merits.
NABER. AU"S A BRCNE. Acents.
S23 Market St.. S. F. — (3ead for Circulars.)
SMENANDWOMEft,
Use Bi« G for nanstarai
ftlseharfS.lnflsnunstloss.
Irritations or nlcarmtSoas
of mieoi) membraaae.
F»!a".»«», and not astrla-
g »nt or yoiaonoos.
Sold by DranUU.
or atnt ta pUia wr«w«,
by txprtss, prepaid. lot
•1.00. or S bottl* 13.731 I
Clrcslar tact ea ncsecU
DIRECTORY
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
Catalogue and Price Lists Mallei
on Application.
TBXSH AKD 3AXT MEATS.
I»C DAVFC * CC\ Shipping Butchers, 1M
JAb. DUltO tt tU. Pay. TcL Mala 15H.
OXLM.
LUBRICATING OILS: LEONARD * ELLI3.
41S Front St.. 3. T. Phcae Mata 1718.
FBXHTXHO.
t« C. HI UDlS, 611 Sansome St., 3. T.
j^fe>^ Strength, Vitality f^fe
IT \y Him TONIC AND BLOOD REMEDY f J\
TABLETS
Jnst a Few of Many Kind Expressions Received:
Nerraa Tablet COb. Chicago. TO.:
Dear Sirs — I am uslag N'EP.VAX for general £«bt!Uy and lost escryy. As an es«rry
builder they cannot be teat. I feel Ilka 25 yean old. and I am 50. I woold not b* with-
out them, and I will try and induce otters to taka tae&u 8. A. R££XX
Grlswold. HI. Oct. 5. 1908.
Nerran Tablet Co.. Chicago. HL: . LAXSTKO. Men., Oct. 23, 1908.
Gentlemen. — I am Terr maca pleased to stats that NTRVAN TA BIJETS make m» ft«I
Ilka a new man. Two months a«o I was Is a rtry bad condition. I am now Terr xsaeh
stronger, have a good appetite and am gaining flesh.
Mr nerves are In -fine condition. I find N"ERVAN TABLETS are good for Kidney
trouble. Gratefully yours. » GEO. W. STOXE.
W. R. Irwln. Marion. Ind.. says la a letter dated Seut. 28. 1303: XEBVAJf TAB-
LETS are caring him of Rheumatism and Kidney troubles. Everybody who takes them
praises them. * -
Kervaa Tablet Co.. Chicago, III. :
. Dear Sirs— I desire to inform you that I hav» taken XERVAX TABLETS for Rheu-
matism and Kidney trouble and think they are wonderful. Don't baXleva they eaa b*
equaled for the cure of diseases they are Intended to cur*. -
My wife was troubled with Rheumatism; was ta bed several days. I had her take
your remedy and In three days she was up and dotag her work and Is now entirely well.
, W» both wish you success. Very truly, A. E. HARISTOX. Chicago, El.
. 9C9 Leland avenue. Sheridan Park.
BBWARD of liquid preparations that costala alcohol. They sttenlats for a time,
but In tbe end do you great harm. Ton taka no chances with .VEKVAN TABLETS, aa
they contain no .. alcohol or other Injurious Ingredients.
You who suffer from Vital Weakness. Loss of Memory, difficulty . ta concentrating
your - thought. - loss of energy and ambition, dark circles uader the eyes, weak back. etc.
should not delay, but take the peer of all Xerve and Blood remedies. XERVAX TAB-
LETS. They win surely care you. Sold by CXIOX DRUG COMPAXT STORES.
UNIO N » BUG COatPAST STOBSS :
. 314 Xearny Street. Stockton and OTarreU Streets.
Market Street and Van Hess Avenue, Sixth street, com er Mission.
318 BSontffomezy Avenue. 4OO Suiter Street.
Valencia- Str— t, cor. Ttrsntr-Tnlrd. California, and rghnor» MtusU. .Merchandise for the North.
The eteamer City of PueWa Bailed on Tuesday
for Victoria with an . assorted merchandise
cargo conslcned to the port of destination and
the principal British Columbian ports, valued
at R.'il.sifi. and including the following-: 275
pkgn fresh fruits, *2 pkfcs fresh vegetables, 10
pks;? onions, 1 pkg che^fe, 533.490 lbs pig- lead,
5S.721 lbs dried fruit, 38.600 lbs raisins. 40 cs
canned goods, 39 cs arms and ammunition," £00
tins matches. 0(515 lbs malt. 260 KaJs wtne,' 260
lbs bacon. 245 lbs tobacco, 221 lbs coffee, 470
lbs spicer, 7031 lbs beans, 186 lbs bops, 1101
lbs chocolate.
Notice to Mariners.
. November 10, 1903.
FOCn AND A HALF FATHOM GAS BUOT.
(List of lights and fog: signal*. Pacific 'Coast.
1003. page 1«:, after No. 40: Hst of beacons and
buoys. Pacific Coast, '1903, page 23.) .
Notice is hereby Riven that on or about De
cember 3, 1903. a eras buoy painted red -and
black, in horizontal stripes, and showing a
fixed white llsht. will be substituted -for four
Stmr National City, Hammar, Fort Bragg -
Stmr Coquille River, Dart, Eureka.
Stmr Whitegboro, Olsen, Greenwood.
Stmr .'Brooklyn,- Wai vlg. Fort Bragg.
Stmr Edith, Hall, Seattle. . , „
Bark W - B ¦> Flint, .Johnson, Honolulu and
Makaweli. . .
. Whaling. bark Chas W Morgan." Earle. whal
ing.' ¦¦¦ '¦¦- ' ¦•¦•'- . *¦-¦•...-. :,.-.;--
y. Schr, King Cyrus, i Johnson, . Tacoma. \
" Schr Mary > C, Campbell, Bodega. ¦ ¦ \
Wednesday, November 18.
Stmr Marshfleld* Dettmers,' Hardy Creek
Stmr Santa. Cruz, Gieiow. Santa Cruz.
Stmr Pomona, Swanson. Eureka. . ,
Sarar Korea, Seabury. Hongkong, etc.
SAILED.
- , Wednesday, November ' 18.
Etmr Korea, Seabury, Hongkong and Yoko
hama, via Honolulu; Pacific Mall Steamship
Company. -rggnaff»mltS8BBS&
Stmr PomonA, Swanson, Eureka: Pacific
Coast Steamship Co.
Stmr State "of California, Thomas, San Diego*
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
Stmr Columbia, Doran, ¦ Astoria; Oregon
Railroad and Nav Co. ¦ • .
Stmr Argyll, . Gilboy, Honolulu; .Union Oil
Company.
Nor stmr Tellus, ' Arntzen, • Ladysmith; R
Dunsmuir*s Sons . Co.
Br ship Ben L?e, Anderson, Newcastle N S
W: Girvln & Eyre. . .
Whaling bark Chas W; Morgan, Earle. whal
ing; J W Wing.
Bark W: B Flint, Johnson, Honolulu and
Makaweli; Alexander & Baldwin (Ltd).
Schr John A, Olsen, 6 days from Eureka.
CLEARED.
. . Wednesday, November 18.
Stmr • Rosccrans, Johnson, 60 hours from
Portland.
Stmr Aurclla, Peterson, 10 hours from Mon
tcrejfc
Stmr Geo Loomis, Brldgett, 84 hours from
Everett.
Stmr Brunswick, Johnson, 13 hours from
Fort Brags.
Stmr Umatilla, ' Nopander, . 61 hours from
Victoria and Puget Sound ports.
Stmr Chico, Martin, 50 hours "from Bandon.
Stmr Arlzonan, Lyons, 3 days 13 hours
from Seattle: rut In to finish loading.
Stmr Mineola, Kirkwood, 92 hours from Ta
coma; Oakland direct.
Stmr Rainier, Hansen, 82 hours from Port
Hadlock.
Stmr North 'Fork. Nelson, 32 hours from
Eureka.
Br utmr Gaelic, . Finch, 29 days 1 hour 31
minutes from Hongkong, via Yokohama 18
days 1 hour 14 minutes, via Honolulu C days
4 hours 21 minutes.' • ' . - .
Schr Bessie K, Merrlam. 0 hours from San
Vicente Landing.
Shipping. Intelligence.
ARRIVED
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey —
Time and Heights of High and Low Waters
at Fort Point, entrance to San Francisco
Bay. Published by official authority of the
Superintendent.
NOTE — The high and low waters occur at the
city front (Mission-street wharf) about 25 min
utes later than at Fort Point; the height of tide
is the same at both places.
THURSDAY, NOVEMBER 19.
Sun rises 6:55
Sun sets 4:56
Moon sets ...0:00 p. in.
O jTlme Timel Time Time
» ] Ft. Ft. I Ft. Ft.
? |HW L W [HW |L W
10 0:04 4.9 4:45 2.5 11:62 5.9 5:45—^6
20 0:51 4.9 5:26 2.7 11:40 ft.8 6:20—0.5
21 1:39 5.0 6:0$ 2.9 12:17 5.6 7:07 — 0.4
22 2:27 4.7 0:56 3.0 1:01 5.3 7:49 — 0.2
23 3:15 4.8 7:4R 3.3 1:50 5.0 8:30 0.1
24 4:02 4.9 8:55 3.3 2:38 • 4.5 9:13 0.4
25 4:44 4.9 10:08 3.2 3:33 4.2| 9:57 0.8
NOTE — In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given in the left i
hand column and the. successive tides of the i
day in the order of occurrence as to time: the i
fourth time column gives the last tide of the
day. except when there are but three tides, as
sometimes occurs. The heights given are in
addition to the soundings of the United States
Coast Survey charts, except when a minus ( — )
sign precedes the height, and then the number
given is subtracted from the depth given by
the charts. The plane of reference is the mean
of the lower low waters.
To East Indies — 1ICS c» assorted - canned
coods r 231 cs canned salmon. 2 bxs dried fruit,
5 os boots and shoes, 29 cs machinery.
To Korea — COO lbs sugar. "731 lbs ham and
bacon. 68-cs assorted canned goods. 420 cs con
denFed milk, Kl pkg<* groceries and provisions.
2 cts onions, 330 lbs dried fruit, 6 cs canned
salmon. 1840 lbs meals, 420 lbs lard. 59 pkgs
table preparations, 2 cs'6oap, B cs dry goods,
2 cs tobacco, 1 coll barbed wire.
To Vladivostok — 19 cs canned roods, 6 cs
meals. 3 cs table preparations, 523 lbs lard; 1
cs hardware. PISH
To Philippine Islands — 1600 lbs ham and ba
con. 230 lbs bread. 400 lbs coffee, 20 cs catsup,
1300 lbs meals, 180 lbs lard, 2 cs canned goods,
5 cs drugs, .1 pkg machinery. 6 cs dry goods,
1 cs hats, C cs electrical supplies, 9 pkgs type
writers and 'sundries. >
To Japan— 520 bbls flour. 1.000.200 lbs ealt
27S5 lbs ham and bacon. 10,133 lbs beans li:jo
lb« cheeso, 5C70 lbs sugar, 173 gals whisky 295
pkgs groceries and provisions, !Hi2 lbs lard 344
ce assorted canned goods, ::22S lbs raisins ' ioi<!
gals wine, 9689 lbs rice. 10,80<J lbs dried fruit 2K
pkgs fr«-Eh fruit. 0fi22 lbs meals. 33 1 lbs 3 cs
butter. 3435 cs condensed milk, 1C50 lbs coffee
10S0 lbs rodfieh. 144 cs table preparations 7 cs
candy, 125 bbls beer, 50 bbls pork, 5 cs honey
1(51 mils 2 cs leather, ::2 pkgs plumbing mate
rial 413 cs soap. 100 flasks quicksilver, 21 0S0
lbs sheet lead, 3297 pigs lead. 117 pkgs bicycles
and Fundries, K cs drugs. 107 pkgs machinery
1400 bales cotton, 2 cs boots and shoes, ;{ ~ s
firearms, 10 pkgs paints and oils. 4 cs dry
goods. 127 nkffs electrical supplies.
To China— 12.401 bbls flour. 1302 pkgs frrsh
fruits. 2S gals 4 cs wine. 7207 lbs 7 cs cheese
797 pkgs «rocerifs and provisions. 2032 cs as
sorted canned goods. 2O.»j71 lbs ham and bacon
C213 lbs sugar. :57.!t6O lbs salt. 4«,0C3 lbs dried
fish. 2G33 lbs 10 pkgs raisins, 229 cs table prep
arations.' 14.3.T9 lbs beans. 1450 lbs peas, 70 cs
salmon, 3000 lbs hops, C0S9 lbs meals, 1910 lbs
codfish. 1000 lbs tapioca. S401 lbs dried fruit
'JXXi lbs 13 cs candy. 5 cs olives, 6000 lbs rice.'
7S00 lbs pearl - barley, 13.1 87 lbs coffee, 565 lbs
butter, G5 cts onions, 1730 lbs nuts, 1570 lbs
lard. 1C0 lbs 11 cs bread, 5S35 lbs ginseng, .1001
lbs tobacco, 8 cs soap. CO cs drugs and sun
dries, 173G pigs lead, G25 flasks quicksilver, 0
cs arms and ammunition, 153 pkgrs dry goods
6 ct« candles, C rolls leather, 10 pkgs electrical
supplies, 200 cs cigarettes, 2 pkgs machinery,
6 cts potatoes. . •
The steamer Korea sailed yesterday for
Hongkong via Honolulu and Yokohama with a
general merchandise cargo, valued at $388 Si"
exclusive of treasure, and distributed as ' fol
lows: For Honolulu. $:i4,47S; Japan $157 395-
China $1*2.915; Philippine' Islands, Jito'
2£? 2£ ieS ; $W32; Korea - * 4301 : Vladhvstok
52 £ $ - t, 71 " fading exports were as follows:
0005 lbs sugar. 41 pkgs groceries and provisions
1J8 cs assorted canned goods, 2623 lbs 11 cs
meals, 7541 lbs ham and bacon, 2 cs candy 43
pkgs fresh fruit. 7735 lbs bread, 8 pkgs fresh
vegetables. 960 lbs lard. 1 cs oysters, I'OOO lba
codfish. 32 pkgs potatoes, 21 pkgs onions, 923
lbs dried fruit. 77 pkgs dry goods. 2S cts sew
ing machines, 2 pkgs paints, 20 bdls pipe "7
bxs soap, 98 pkgs drugs and sundries. 4 bales
leather, 2 cs clears and cigarettes, 7 cs hats
and caps. 00 cs boots and shoes, 7 pkgs ma
chinery. 41,090 lbs bituminous rock 151 ncs C
pkgs structural steel. 81 pkgs electrical sup
plies. "
The Korea's Cargo.
Sun, Moon and Tide.
PORT HURON, Mich., Nov. IS.— Miss
Mary Harrington Thompson of this
city and Johnson Copley Thaw of Pitts
burg, brother of the Countess of Yar
mouth, were married in Grace Epis
copal Church here to-day.
Marriage in High Circles.
NEW YORK— Arrived ' Nov ¦ 18— Stmr Nord
America,, from • Naples. * - - - ¦ ;
Sailed < Nov 18— Stmr Oceanic, . for Liverpool ;
stmr Amsterdam," for ¦¦ Rotterdam. "•*
NAPLES— Arrived Nov IS— Stmr Lahn, from
New York, and sailed for Genoa. .
v LIVERPOOL— Arrived: Nov 17 — Stmr. Fries
land,* fronv Philadelphia. Nov 18 — Stmr. Ma
jestic. : from New York. ¦
- Sailed' Nov 18— Strar Cedrlc, for New York;
¦tmr Noordland, for Philadelphia,
OCEAN .STEAMERS.
• BEDONDO — Arrived Nov 18 — Stmr ; Corona
do, henco Nov 10.
POINT LOROS — Passed Nov 18A 0 a m—
Stmr Noyo, .from Fort Bragg, for San Pedro.
TATOOSH— Passed Nov 18— Schr Spokane,
from Port Ludlow. for Kan Pedro.
PORT GAMBLE— Arrived Nov IS— Bark
Reaper, from Port Blakeley.
BANDON— Sailed Nov IS— Schr Advance, for
San Francisco. -.
I'ORT LOS ANGELES— Arrived Nov 18— Br
ship Cressir.iilon, from Antwerp.
EUREKA -Arrived Nov IS— Stmr , San Ga
brlM.-from-Uiiinqiia: stmr Arctic, hence 17th.
j Hailed Xr.v 38— Stror Corona, for San Fran
cisco; P.r bark Anna'onn,* for Glaseow.
Arrived Nov IS — Schr Ida McKay, hence
Nov Hi; schr Mary Dodge, hence Nov 15. •
SOUTH KEND— Sailed Nov 18 — Schr Re
peat, for San Francisco; schr Excelsior, for
San Peitro. ¦ ¦ ».
SAN PEDRO— Arrived Nov 13— Stmr Mel
ville l)oll»r. from Rrdondo; stmr Redondo,
from Ileilondo; r.tir.r Chehah«, hence Nov 16.
Sailed Nov IS— Stmr Melville Dollar, for
San Francisco: stmr Santa Monica, for San
Francisco. •
GRAYS HARBOR— Sailed Nov 18— Schr De
fiance, for San Francisco; schr Roy Somers,
for San Francisco; stmr Centralia, for' San
Francisco.
Arrived Nov IS— Stmr San Pedro, from Eu
reka; echr H D Bendixen. from San Pedro.
MAKSHFIELD — Arrived Nov 18— Schr Sau
salito, from San Pedro. *
SEATTLE— Sailed Nov IS— Stmr Robert
Dollar, for San Pedro.
SAN DIEGO— Arrived Nov 18— U S Btmr
Hugh McCulloch. hence Nov 16.
PORT LUDLOW— Sailed Nov IS— Br ship
Battle Abbey, for Care Town.
ISLAND PORTS. .
HONOLULU — Arrived Nov 17 — Br stmr Mo- j
ana. from Sydney. Nov 18— Bark Gerard ..C
Tobey. from Kllllsnoo; bktn S N Castle, hence
Oct 31.' -
Sailed Nov 17 — Br stmr Moana. for Victoria;
Jap stmr America Maru, for China and Japan.
Nov IS — Stmr Alameda, for San Francisco. --.-V-';
MAKAWELI— Sailed Nov 17— Ital bark
Agostlno Terrizzono, for .
- ¦ EASTERN PORTS.
NEW YORK— Arrived Nov 17— Stmr City of
Washington, from' Colon.
• Sailed Nov IS— Stmr Yucatan, for Colon.
PHILADELPHIA— Arrived Nov 17— Stmr
Texan, lunce Aue 28, via Tacoma.' ¦
FOREIGN PORTS.
TS1NTAU— Arrived Nov 13— Ger atmr Eva, i
from Portland. Or. ¦
GEESTEMUNDE— Sailed Nov 12— Fr bark
Marerhal doNoallles. for Portland, Or. _
YOKOHAMA— Arrived "Nov 16 — Br etmr Em
press of Japan, from Vancouver. '' .: v
Sailed Nov: 14 — Br stmr Athenian, for.Van
couver. - •
MAN ZANILLO— Sailed Nov 17 — Br . Btmr
Lothian, for San . Francisco. " > ¦ s ¦-¦' j^
HARWICH — Arrived Nov : 16— Fr ' ehip Du
quenee, * from Portland, Or. : . :
ANTOFOGAST A— Sailed Nov 4— Ger bark
Paul Isenbere, for . ¦' ~- '*-'¦"' '¦ ,
SHANGHAI— Sailed I Oct 18— Br «hip Olive
bank, for Royal , Roads. • '•¦¦'.¦
DOMESTIC PORTS
POINT LOBOS, Nov 18, 10 p m— Weather
cloudy; wind SE, velocity 12 miles per hour.
TELEGRAPHIC,
SPOKEN.
Per Br stmr Gaelic — Nov 3, 4 p m, lat 34 38
N, Ion 155 24 E, in company with - Br ship
Nile, of Glaszow, from Chefoo for Puget
Sound; wished to be reported all well. Nov
14, 7:40 a m, lat 28 fc$ N, Ion 145 6 W\ Jap
stmr America Maru, hence Nov 10, for China
and Jar>an. Nov 15, 4:30 p m, lat 32 31 N,
Ion 137 18 W. in company with a bark steer
ing- NE. Nov 16, 2:15 p m, lat 34 56 N, Ion
132 2 W. Br bark Inverneill, from Newcastle,
Aus, for San Diego; wished to be reported all
well. -^• ; ,.
Schr Resolute, Blom, Fairhaven.
NEWARK. N. J., Nov. 18.— Rev. Ed
win S. Linas, former pastor of St.
Paul's Episcopal church. New Haven,
was to-day consecrated Bishop of the
Episcopal dioese of Newark, in suc
cession to the late Bishop Starkey.
Bishop Starkey's Successor.
The British shiD Eskasoni Is chartered for
lumber from British Columbia Mills to Svdney
and the BritiBh bark Highlands,
same business, from Vancouver to Philadel-
Matters of Interest to Mariners and
Shipping Merchants.
NEWS O,F THE OCEAN.
Branch Hydrographic Office. U. S. N., Mer
chants' ExchanKe, San Francisco, Cal.,
November 19. 1903.
The Time Ball on the tower of the Ferry
building was dropped exactly at noon to-day —
1 e at noon of the 120th meridian, or at 8
p. m. Greenwich time. .1. C. BURNETT.
Lieutenant U. S. N., In Charge.
Time Ball.
NEW YORK, ' Nov. 18.— Secretary
Shaw, who came from Washington to
attend the Chamber' of Commerce ban
quet, visited the sub-treasury to-day.
The Secretary declined to discuss any
phase of the financial situation, except
to say that returns from all sections, of
the country /Indicate a continuance! of
prosperity.
Shaw Says Country Prospers.
The Norwegian bark Daisy, overdue
from Belize for the United Kingdom,
was posted yesterday at Lloyds as un
insurable. The rate of reinsurance on
the Thalia was advanced to 75 per cent
and the Fifeshlre was marked up to
45 per cent.
Daisy Is Uninsurable.
The whaling bark Charles W. Mor
gan started yesterday on har regular
cruise. She will hunt whales during
the winter months in the South Seas,
will later follow the leviathans to Jap
anese waters and will finish up, late
next summer, in the Okhotsk Sea. She
is the first of the fleet to get away.
First Whaler Gets Away.
The complaint, made by a member of
the firm of M. Lowenstein & Son, al
leged that Ridcal got 25,000 yards of
cloth worth $1900 from that firm, which
an affidavit by the Abbey Press ship
ping clerk said was immediately ship
ped away.
Mr. Garvan says that from various
firms $17,000 worth of cloth was order
ed and that it was sold here and in
Baltimore at a sacrifice.
An affidavit accompanying the com
plaint, made by present secretary
of the publishing company, asserts that
the latter did not profit by the trans
action. Rideal was paroled by the
magistrate before whom the case was
called.
NEW YORK, Nov. 13.— As the result
of an Investigation of the affairs of the
Abbey Press, a book publishing con
cern, which after several reorganiza
tions, had a fire last February and a
failure later. Assistant District At
torney Garvan has caused the arrest of
Charles Rfdeal, formerly president of
the concern, on a warrant charging
him with grand larceny. Another man
who has had at least an official con
nection with the affairs of the com
pany will be arrested if he can be
reached.
Charge Is Made That Accused Stole
Cloth Worth Several Thousand
Dollars.
FORMER PUBLISHER,
IS PLACED UNDER ARREST
Mrs. Saidie Adams, one of the two
women inspectors attached to the local
customs service, was knocked down and
seriously hurt yesterday on board the
steamship Gaelic. Mrs. Adams was
walking along the alleyway on the
main deck as the Chinese stewards
were putting ashore the liner's soiled
linen. A heavy bundle packed for
transportation to the laundry was
thrown from the hurricane deck in time
to land on Mrs. Adams' shoulders. She
was ' knocked down, badly bruised,
severely shaken and greatly scared.
After Dr. Gates, the Gaelic's surgeon,
had attended to her injuries she was
conveyed in a carriage to her home.
Woman Inspector Injured.
In the Custom-house examination of
the baggage of the passengers that ar
rived yesterday on the Gaelic the sys
tem of alphabetical segregation was
adopted for the first time and it work'ed
like a charm. In the past .ill baggage
has been carried to the corral at the
head of the dock and there dumped
into a heap from which each passenger
hunted his own. The baggage which
arrived yesterday was examined in a
roped enclosure on the dock and ar
ranged alphabetically according to the
owner's name. The Gaelic brought com
paratively few passengers, but by the
new system all the baggage was ex
amined in an hour or so less time than
it could have been under the old
method.
New System Saves Time.
The contract for a sewer In Pierce
street between McAllister street and
Golden Gate avenue was awarded to
Flinn & Treacy.
The board referred the protest of the
Sutro estate, Anglo-Californlan Bank
ing Company and Emily Pope against
the construction of a sewer in Ashbury
street between Seventeenth and Eight
eenth to th<> City Engineer. Dr. Emma
Merrltt argued that the assessment for
the work would be In excess of the
amount allowed by law. ¦
The petition of property owners that
Corbett avenue between Twentieth and
Twenty-fourth streets be repaved was
taken under advisement.
Protests were filed against allowing
the claims of ten property owners ag
gregating $82,961 09 for damages in the
grading of Polk arid Chestnut streets.
The Protestants say that most of the
claimants will be benefited by the new
grade, particularly John H. Sievers,
who wants $45,000.
The board set Wednesday. November
25, as the time for hearing objections
to the construction of stone sidewalks
on 'Twelfth avenue from Point Lobos
avenue to A street and the paving with
bitumen of Clay street from Cherry
street to First avenue.
The board awarded the contract for
making alterations and additions to the
Almshouse Chapel to William A. New
som for $2920.
The board also asked the Supervisors
for authority to repave with asphalt
New. Montgomery street from Market
to Mission at*a cost of $13,100,
Chief Quartermaster H. S. Patton.
U. S. A., was notified that the board
could not expend money to improve the
Jefferson-street approach to the Pre
sidio, as it is an unaccepted street. Pat
ton complains that it is impossible to
haul heavy loads thereon.
City Engineer Grunsky submitted
plans and specifications for a sewer in
Thirty-seventh avenue • South, pro
duced, from the new pesthouse build
ing site easterly to the bay* shore, and
for the grading of the site and the con
struction of a road leading thereto at
a cost of $11,500. The plans were
adopted.
The Board of Public Works yester
day decided to as£ the Board of Su
pervisors for authority to purchase
125,000 basalt blocks. It is the Inten
tion of the board to use them for the
repavins of sixth street between How
ard and Mission, Folsom street be
tween First and Second and Dtpont
street from California to Sacramento.
PHILADELPHIA, Nov. 18.— Dr. An
drew B. Neldon of New York to-day
performed the operation of grafting an
ear upon the head of a Western mil
; lionalre, whose name the surgeon says
he is under bond hot to reveal. The
operation was to have been performed
in New York, but District Attorney
Jerome is said to h'ave interfered.
Dr. Neldon advertised for a man will
ing to sell an ear for $5000 and from
300 applicants he selected a young Ger
man, who conducts a restaurant in
New York. Dr. Neldon said to-day:
"The operation has been performed
and promises to be successful. I am
under legal contract and heavy bond
not to reveal the name of my patient.
Generally speaking, he Is a wealthy
man from the "West. How he lost one
ear I do not know. It appears to have
been cut off with a sharp Instrument.
I believe he says it was accidental, but
I never asked him to explain.
"The operation took place at a private
hospital here, where I was assisted by
a Philadelphia physician and one from
New York. I think they will be will
ing to have theif names known la£er.
The two men were placed in opposite
directions upon an elongated bed. One
half of .the volunteer's ear — the upper
half was cut off, together with about
four Inches of the skin behind the ear.
"This was twisted around and fitted
to a freshly prepared wound upon my
patient's head. The half ear was
held by bandages and the two -men
bound so they cannot move their heads.
"They must retain this position for
at least twelve days to allow the cir
culation to come through the flap of
skfn that still remains a part of the
volunteer's ecalp.
"If this half ear starts to unite prop
erly, the lower half ear will be grafted
in the same manner." ': :"?: :':.-
TO ARRIVE.
Steamer. I From. ' | Due.
Rival '¦ •\Villapa Harbor Nov. 19
Del Xorte I Crescent City ....' Nov. 10
S.Monica San Pedro ...|Nov. 19
Iaqua Kan Pedro Nov. 19
City Sydney. . New York via Panama. Nov. 19
Corona Humboldt Nov. 19
Point Arena. . I Mendoclno & Pt. Arena. Nov. 19
Santa Rosa... I San Diego & Way Ports Nov. 19
M. Dollar. ... San Pedro Nov. 19
Nlcarla Seattle Nov. 20
Arctic Humboldt Nov. 21
Centrelia Grays Harbor Nov. 21
G. W. Elder. . Portland & Astoria Nov. 21
Hero Oyster Harbor Nov. 22
Phcenix Mendoclno Nov. 22
Coos Bay San Pedro & Way Ports Nov. 22
Pomona Humboldt Nov. 22
Newburg Grays Harbor Nov. 22
J. Dollar Seattle & Tacoma Nov. 22
Eureka Humboldt '. ... Nov. 23
Alliance Portland & Way Ports. Nov. 23
Chehalls San Pedro Nov. 23
Coronado. ... Ran Pedro" Nov. 23
Marlposa Tahiti Nov. 23
Queen Puget Bound Ports Nov. 23
State of Cal . . San Diego & Way Ports Nov. 23
Olympic San Pedro Nov. 23
H. K. Maru... China & Japan Nov. 24
Alameda Honolulu Nov. 24
San Pedro Humboldt Nov. 25
Arcata Coos Bay & Port Orford Nov. 25
Newport N. Y. via Panama Nov. 25
Centennial Seattle & Tacoma Nov. 25
Bonlta Newport & Way Ports. Nov. 2B
Columbia Portland & Astoria Nov. 26
North Fork. . . Humboldt Nov. 27
Hawaiian New York Nov. 27
Curacao Mexican Ports Nov. 27
CityPuebla.. Pujret Sound Ports Nov. 28
Abydos Hamburg & Way Port*. Nov. 28
Ventura Sydney & Way Ports... Nov. 30
TO SAIL..
Steamer. Destination. Sails. Pier.
November 19.
Empire Coos Bay direct... 5 pm Pier 13
S. Barbara. Seattle & Olympla. 4 pm Pier 2
Czarina Coos Bay direct Pier 8
G. Dollar. . Grays Harbor 4 pm Pier 20
Iaqua Humboldt 2 pm Pier 2
Sonoma Sydney & Way Pts. 2 pm Pier 7
Columbia... Astoria & Portland. 11 am Pier 24
State of Cal San Diego & Way. 9 am Pier 11
November 20.
W. Kruger. Seattle & Tacoma. 5 pm Pier 20
G. Llndaucr Astoria & Portland 2 pm Pier 28
S.Monica.. Grays Harbor 4 pm Pier 2
Arcata Coos B.& Pt. Orford 4 pm Pier 13
Chico Coquille River 6 pm Pier 2
M. Dollar.* Portland direct ... 4 pm Pier 20
Eureka. . . .\ Humboldt 9 am Pier 13 !
November 21.
Centralla... Los Angeles Ports. 2 pm Pier 10
N. Fork Humboldt %. 5 pm Pier 20 i
Corona Humboldt l:30pPler fr
Pt. Arena. . Point Arena 4 pm Pier 2
Bonlta Newport & Way... 9 arri Pier 11
Colon N. Y. via Panama. 12 m Pier 40
Rival Willapa Harbor .. 4 pm Pier 20
November 22.
Nevadan... Honolulu 12 m Pier 23
S. Ro?a San Diego & Way. 8 am Pier 11
Umatilla... Puget Sound Ports. 11 am Pier 9
Rainier. . . . Seattle & Whatcom 4 pm Pier 10
November 23.
Phoenix.... Mendocino City 1 pm Pier 13
Chehalls Grays Harbor ' (Pier —
Olympic... Whatcom & Falrh'n 4 pm I Pier 20
November 24. I
Arctic Humboldt 9 am Pier 10
Pomona Humboldt l:30pPier 3
G. W. Elder Astoria & Portland 11 am Pier 24
November 25. |
Alliance Eureka & Coos Bay 2 pm Pier 16
Coronado... Grays Harbor I 4 pm Pier 10
Coos Bay. . . San Pedro & Way| 9 am Pier 11
Gaelic China & Japan ... 1 pm Pier 40
Nicarla Hamburg & Way. . 2 pm Pier 1S>
November 2O.
Newburg... Grays Harbor 4 pm Pier 10
J. Dollar... Seattle & Tacoma.. 10 am Pier 2
November 27.
Queen Pufcet Sound Ports. 11 am Pier 9
November 28.
Alameda... Honolulu 11 am Pier 7
C. Sydney. . N. Y. via Panama. 12 m Pier 40
FROM SEATTLE.
Steamer. For. Sails.
Dolphin.. Skagway & Way Ports. Nov. 19
Valencia...,. Skagway & Way Ports. Nov. 19
Al-Kl Skagway & Way Ports. Nov. 20
Dlrigo Skagway & Way Ports. Nov. 2*
Cottage City..* Skagway & Way Ports. Nov. 27
The Oceanic Steamship . Company's
liner Sonoma will sail to-day for Hon
olulu and the Antipodes with a full
cargo and v about 250 passengers. Among
the passengers will be a number of
people prominent on both sides of the
Pacific. Sir A. Armstrong, bart., goes
to New Zealand on the liner. Mrs. Q.
C. Rennie, wife of the general manager
for Australasia of the Mutual Life In
surance Company, also sails on the So
noma. Eight United States marines
will sail on the steamshio for Pago
Pago, where they will Join tha gunboat
Wheeling:.
Sonoma Sails To-Day.
Movements of Steamers.
Surgeon Transfers Auricular
Appendage From One
Man to Another.
Receive Frotest3 Against
Damage Claims for
Grade Changes.
Board of Works Decides
to Repave Several
Streets.
Operation of Grafting
Performed in Phila
delphia.
The Harbor Commissioners yester
day rejected all the bids submitted for
the construction of the Southern Pacific
freight slip at Central Basin because
the lowest bid was $11,000 more than
Engineer Lott Norton's estimate of
what the cost should be. Healy, Tib
bitts & Co. were awarded the contract
for reconstructing Little Main street
wharf. Their bid was $19,897. The
Risdon Iron Works received the con
tract for making a new crank shaft
for the fire tug Governor Irwln at an
expense to the State of $829.
The Santa Fe Company paid to the
board $19,S97 for the lease of J>0x669 feet
of Little Main street wharf for nlnety
t:ix months. Bills amounting to $19,000
were ordered paid. The commissioners
authorized the employment cf the
board's former attorney, James H.
Budd, to assist the attorney of the
board. W. H. Davis, and Attorneys
Kalloch and Wheaton in the case of
Holmes vs. Kilburn. In this case How
ard. Holmes is suing the State for the
infringement of a patent. Attorney
Dudd's fee as associate counsel is not
to exceed $1000.
President Spear introduced to the
board Captain John C. Silva of the
Reject All the Bids.
The little coasting steamer Maggie
ran into the Key Route ferry-boat San
Jopo yesterday morning just as the
latter was entering the slip on this
Fide. The San Jose's rail was damaged
and a dent was made in the Maggie's
nose. The accident caused no excite
ment on the ferry-boat, the majority
of the passengers knowing nothing of
it until after the boats had backed
clear of each other. The navigator of
the Maggie is said to have answered
the San Jose's whistles, and then, in
disregard for the acknowledged warn
ing, to have tried to cross the ferry
boat's bows. The prompt action taken
by Captain Rasmussen of the San Jose
is said to have been largely responsible
for the slightness of the damage result
ing from the collision.
«
Collision on Bay.
To join at Honolulu — C. Catlin. Mrs. C.
ratlin and maid. R. W. Southern, Mrs.
R. W. Southern. Miss M. Southern.
It was two hours after the scheduled
sailing time before the liner Korea
pulled away yesterday from the Pa
cific Mail Company's wharf. Cargo,
United States mail '. and passengers
were on board, and at 1 o'clock the
big steamship was ready for sea. The
arrival of the Gaelic, however, with
mail that called for an immediate an
swer resulted in the holding of the
Korea for the company's letter bag.
When she left the dock the large crowd
that at 1 o'clock thronged the wharf
had thinned down to small proportions,
and her departure, made in a driving
rain, was rather cheerless. The Korea
carried 6S00 tons of cargo and cabin
passengers as follows:
• For Honolulu — Miss O. A. Arnold, Mrs.
\V. G. At-hley and four children. Miss B.
Ashley. P. H., Burnett, Miss C. A. Car
ter. Mrs. George 11. Carter. R. H. Cham
berlain. Mrs. R. H. Chamberlain and two
children, J. B. Draper. Mrs. J. Draper.
K. F. de Boixedon. .Mrs. K. F. de Beixe
don, three children and servant. AV. W.
Durham, Mrs. W. \V. Durham. Miss M.
Fer.d&ll. G. S. Fulmer, Mrs. F. Gay, son
and servant. Mrs. H. E. Gorman, H. A.
Grcss. Mrs. H. A. Gross. Mrs. M. D.
KerrelL Miss Amy Kerrell, Miss G.
Lacy, F. L* Lowell. Miss G. Lutted. Mrs.
J. O. Lutted. Major General A. MacAr
thur, Mrs. A. MacArthur, J. W. Mason.
Mrs. H. G. Midd'eton, D. E. Miles. Miss
B. Mitchell. F. S. Munsell. Mrs. F. S.
Munsell. M. C. O'Mara, Mrs. M. A. Pat
ton R. C. Peterson. H. \V. Poett, Mrs.
11. IV. Poott. F J. Raven. I. L. Requa,
Mrs. I. L. Requa. Mrs. J. B. Rcilly. Mrs.
J. L. Robertson, A. Robinson, Mrs. P.
Scales. Sidney Soule, E. K. Stackable,
Mrs. S. Terry, Miss E. Terry. M. Terry.
F. Thompson. Mrs. C. Torbert. J. F.
Triteh. Mrs. J. F. Tritch. Captain Parker
W. West. Mrs. R. J. Wilkinson, William
Woon.
Yokohama — Rev. J. H. de Forest, Miss
C B. de Forest, T. Furuya, Mrs. T. Fur
'jva. two children and servant, Mrs. M.
E. Hall, Mrs. C. H. Harlow. Master H.
Harlow. Miss I. M. Hargrave, Miss M.
Hasegrawa, Miss V. Hermann. M. H.
Kempcr. R. E. Kemper. J. Kern, Z. Ko
kubu. Miss C. D. Loomis, Lieutenant
Commander York Noel, Mrs. York Noel
;;nd daughter. Captain J. Swanson. Mrs.
K. Takahira and maid. Rev. F. W.
Voegelin.
Naj-'apaki — W. Mandell, Mrs. B. O.
Zazoullnsky. Mrs. G. W. Hoekje, Miss F.
K. Lathrop. Gardiner Lathrop.
Shanghai — Rev. W. P. Chalfant and
four children, Kong Hon. Captain A. E.
Knights. Dr. Charles Lewis. Miss M.
Moore. J. H. Osborne. A. Rugh. Mrs. A.
Ttugh and infant, Mrs. J. E. Skinner and
daughter.
Hongkong — Miss F. Alderman. Mrs. J.
Bell. Felix Berol. William Berol.- Max
Berol-Konorah. Mrs. Max Berol-Konorah,
A. L. Black. 1L R. Bourne, Mra.
C P. Bourne, Mrs. F. M. Bourne.
Miss M. C. Brett. Miss G. Camp
bell. C. W. Duppstadt. Miss E. Engle
nian. I. Fleishman, Mrs. I: Fleishman,
'.Irs. A. L. Freer. A. Gideon: C. H. Good
win. Miss M. T. Hassenpflug. Miss C. B.
Hassler, H. K. Hemans. C. W. Hodgson,
Mrs. C. W. Hodgson and child. E. O.
Johnson. Mrs. E. H. Ladd, Miss N. Lisle.
J. Meiroutz, Rev. E. R. Munroe, Mrs. E.
R. Munroe, E. N. Nutting. Mrs. I. Pike,
S. R. Price. Miss K. A. Reed, M. E. Ritz
man. Vaughan Robinson, C. C. Rutledge.
W. L. Safford. Mrs. W. L. Safford and
f=on. Mrs. M. Stephenson.. Mrs. B. B
K willing. Rev. C. C. Talbot. Dr. J. B.
Thomas. Mrs. J. B. Thomas, Rev. S. C.
To«M. Mrs. S. C. Todd. A. Waldeck. Mrs.
A. Waldeck. Dr. J. R. Wilkinson. Miss F.
Winn. C. G. Woodson, Hon. Dean C. Wor
cester. Mrs. D. C. Worcester, Miss A. E.
Worcester. Miss E. B. Worcester, Miss
J. 8. Worcester. Master F. L. Worcester.
Heavy weather was encountered be
tween Yokohama and Honolulu, but
from the Islands to this port the liner
steamed through summer seas. The
Gaelic spoke the British ship Kile No
vember 3, and November 16 was in
companhy with the bark Inverneill.
The Gaelic's passengers included the
following named:
F. F. Bollinger. Mrs. Bollinger. Ed
ward Cunningham, John Fowler. Master
M. C. Fowler, Miss E. L. Gumpert. W.
Kohmeyer, Dr. C. J. Hopkins, Mrs. W. T.
L-atimer, Paul Meyer, W. J. Pointer,
Otis A. Poole, Dr. H. Sidebotham. L. F.
Weaver. Mrs. Weaver, Mrs. M. G. Wen
d< 1. Master L. G. Wendel.
•
Korea's Sailing Belayed.
The Gaelic's passengers included a
number of people well known in the
business world. W. Hohmeyer is a tea
grower from Formosa, and L. F. Weav
er has been in the Orient representing
a large American manufacturing con
cern. John Fowler, who crossed the
Pacific on the Gaelic, is United States
Consul at Chefu.
Her cargo included 7233 chests of
tea. 11,587 rolls of matting and 249
bales of raw silk. She brought no
treasure and no opium.
Tuesday night too late for quarantine,
was released early yesterday morning
and docked about 9 o'clock a. m. at the
Pacific Mail wharf. The Gaelic brought
2CS5 tons cf cargo and 184 passengers,
of whom 167 were Asiatics.
The Occidental and Oriental Steam
ship Company's Gaelic, Captain Wil
liam Finch, R. N. R., v.'hlch arrived
and one-half fathom buoy, a first class nun,
similarly colored. In sixty-three feet of water,
to mark the four . and one-half fathom spot,
about 2700 feet (seven-sixteenths of a mile) to
the eastward of the Pacific „ Mall Steamship
wharf, San Francisco Bay. Yerba Buena
Lighthouse, N % E; Oakland Harbor Light
house, NB.JtE: Alcatraz Lighthouse, Sff by
\V li W. westerly.
Bearings are magnetic and given approxi
mately; depth Is referred to mean low water.
By order of the Lighthouse Board.
J. J. READ,
Rear Admiral, U. S. N.. Chairman.
National Association of Masters and
Pilots and later took the visiting mar
iner around the harbor In the State tug
Governor Markham.
Experiences Bad
Weather During
Voyage. .
WILL BUY MANY
BASALT BLOCKS
PACIFIC LINER GAELIC BRINGS A BIG
CARGO OF TEA AND BALES OF RAW SILK
ONE EAR UNITES
RICH AND POOR
THE SAN TEAS CISCO CALL, THURSDAY, NOVEIVLBER 19, 1903.
10
SOUTHERN PACIFIC
(Main Line. Foot of Market Street)
Lsatk — Fkom OCTon«a 21. ijQ3. — akmVJ*
74K)a Benicia, Sairaa.Klmir»aa<l S»cr»-
mento 7.25f
7.00a V«caTllle, Wlntern. Ramtey. 7.53J-
7.30a Martinez, Saa Ramon. Vallejot
Kapa. Calistoga, Santa Bom 8-25 «" '
7.30* Klles. LlTermore, Tracy. LaUxroow
Stockton 7.25P
8.00* Darls. Woodland. Knight* Landing,
MaryBVllle. OroTiUe 7.55^
8 00a Atlantic Expres»— OB<Je*h »nd tan. 10.2S4
8. JO* Port Costa, Martinez, Anttoch. Br-
ron.Trac7.Stockton,3acrsmeato.
Newman, Los Banoa, 3Iendota.
Anaona, Lemoore, UaaforO.
Vlaaila. Portervllle 4.25»
830* Fort Coata. Martiaez, Tracy. Lath-
. rop. Modesto. Merced, Fresno.
Goshen Junction. Lemoore, Haa>
f ord* VUall*. Bakertfleld 4-55F
8.3Ga Ehasu Exprew— Daria, William*
(for Bartlett ?prlags). Willows,
- tFroto, Bed Bluff. Portland /.Sir
8.30a Ulles, San Joie, LlTermore. Stock-
toa,Ione,Sacramento,PlacerTllle.'
MarTRTille. Chico. Red iilufT 4.23*
8.30a Oakdale. Chinese. Jamestown. So-
nor*. Taolnmne and Angela ..... 4 25r
900a Marline* and War Station* -52?'
1000a VaUoJo- -,.. t -..« ~ 12.25F
10.00a -
Port costs. Martinez. Byaoa,
Tracy, Lathrop. Stockton,
Merced. Raymond. Freiao. Han-
ford. Visalia, Bakertnald. Loa
Angeles fweatr
bound anrres rla Coast Lino)... e1.$t}r
10.09a The OTerland Limited — Ogdea,
DenTer. Omaha. Chicago. B ZSr
12.C0m Bay ward. Nile* and Way Station*. 3-25*
tVOOr Sacramento Hirer Steamer*™ t11.00»
330r Benlda, Winter*. SacTamento. .-»
Woodland. Kalghts Landlne,
Mary»TlUe, Ororllle and way
•utions
330r Hayward, Nile* and Way Stations.. 7.65*
3.30f Port Costa. Martinez. Byron.
Tracy. Lathrop. M o d e • ( 9.
Merced. Fresno and Way Sta-
tions beyond Port Costa 12.23V
3 30p Martinez. Tracy, Stockton. Lodt... 10 25a
4 COp Martlnez.San IUmon.Vallejo,Na;a,
Callstojra. Santa Roaa. 9 25*.
4 COp Nile*. Tracr. Stockton, Lodt 4-25*
430r Uayward. Nile*. Irvtngton, San I t3.55*
Joae. Ltrermore * 1 1 1.55*.
5 C0> The Owl Limited— Newman. Lo*
Banos. Mendota. Fresno. Tnlare,
Bakerafleld. Loa Angeles ........ 8.65a
6C0r Port Coata. Tracy. Stocktoa 12.2Sp
?5 30p Hayward. Nlles and Saa Joa« 7.25a
6.00 Htyward. Nile* and San Jow 10.25a
6. OOp Orienut Mall— Osrden. Denver,
Omaha, St. Louis. Chicago and
East. Port Costa, Benicla. Sol*
son. Elm'.ra, Darls. Sscrameato,
Roelclln. Aaburn, Colfai. -
Trackee. Boca. Reno. Wada>
worth. Wtnnemaeca, BatUs
Mountain, Elko 4.23*
S.OQp Vallejo, dally, except Sunday.... I T «,
7 03p Vallejo. Sunday onlr f '• 09r
7.S0p San Pablo. Port Cotta, Martlasi
and Way Station*. 11. 21a
8C5p Oregon * California Ezpret*— Sao>
ramento, Maryarllle. Reddiss.
Portland. Paget Pound and K**t. 8. 53a
9.10r Hayward. Nile* and San Joae (Sna- -
dayonly) . 11-554.
COAST LINE (Harrow tiaag*).
(Koot of Market Street.)
b.15> Newark. Centerviilo. Saa Jote,
Felton. Bonlaer Creek. Santa
Cruz and Way Station*- 5-5iP
'-I 15r Newark. Centervllle, Saa Jo*e.
New Almaden. Loa Gaton.Feiton,
Bouider Creelc. Saata Cruz and
Principal Way Station* 10 53*
4 ISp Newark. San Jote, Lo* Gatoa and
way nations t8.SS*
O 33p Hanter* Tretn, Saturday only, flaa ¦-, j~
Jose and Way Stations. Sunday
only returns from Loa Gatoa .... t7 2Sv
OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY.
rrom SAN i'KAN CISCO. Fout of Market 9t. (811pS>
-»+T:13 9.00 11:00a.M. 1.00 300 5.15 P.m.
From OAKLAND. Foot of Broadway — t«:0O 2S:«
18:05 10:00 a.m. 1200 200 4.00 p.m.
COAST LINE (Broad tlaau.).
rr (Third and Tuwnnead Streets.)
610* San Jose and Way Stations 130*
7 00a 8»n Joae and Way Stations S 33'
8.00a New Almaden (Tnes.. FrlJ., only), 4. 10*
8 00a Coaat Line Limited— Stop* only San
Jose. Gllroy (connection for Hoi*
Hater), Pajaro. Caatrorllle. 3*-
Itna*. San Ardo. Paso Roblea,
Santa M.irsurl ta, Ssn Lois Obiapo.
Principal station* thence Surf
(connection for Lompoc) princi-
pal station* thence Santa Bar*
bara and Loa Angele*. Connec-
tion at CastrorlUe to and from
Monterey and Paeiac Grore 19-43*
8.00a San Joae. Trea Pino*. Capltoia.
SantaCruz.PaclScOrore.Saltnaa,
San Lnia Obispo and Principal
Way Station* 4.1S»
10.30a San Jose and Way Stations. ,1.203'
1140a Santa Clara, San Jose, Los Gatoa
and Way Station* 7.30*-
1-30P San Joae and Way Station* 8.38a
I S.COr PactOc Grore Express— SantaClara
Srn Jose. Del Monte. Monterey,
Pacific Grore (connects at Santa
Clars for 8anta Cruz, Bonlder
Creek and Narrow Gauge Points)
•t Gllroy for Holllster, Tres
Plnos. at Castrorl'ie for Salinas. 12-13*
3.30* Gllroy Way Passenger 91045a
t4 4S* San Jose, (via SantaClara) Lo*
Gatos. and Principal Way Sta-
tions (except Sunday > t928A
<&-30p EanJoaeandPrlnclpalWayStationt I8.UU*
6-COp Snnaet Limited. Eastboand.— San
Luis Obispo. Sanu Barbara. Los
Angeles, Dem Ing. El Paso. New
Orleans. New York. (Westbound
arriTesrlaSanJoaqatnVallry)... *9 25 a
IS.1SP San Maleo.Beresford.Belmont.San
Carloa. Redwood, Fair Oaka.
Memo Park. Palo Alto IS.48A
f.?0P San. Joae and Way Station*. 8-3S*
11 .30* South San Francisco. Mlllbrae, Bnr-
HnKame, San Mateo. Belmont,
' % San Carlos. Redwood, Fair Oak*.
Menlo Park, and Palo Alto...... 943*
¦11-30* MayfleliL Mountain View. Sunny-
rale, Lawrence, Santa Clara and
San Jo!M> t3-45P
A for Morning. P for Afternoon.
t Sunday only.
I Stops at all stations on Snnday.
t Sunday excepted. a Saturday only.
e Via Coast Line. v Via San Joaqnla vt'ley.
OT"OnIy train* stopping at Valencia St. soQthtaunia
•*eS:10A.M_t7:OOA.M..ll:30A.M.,3:aOP.M.aaci«:30p.«.
H~ TO SAN RAFAEL*
ROSS VALLEY,
MILL VALLEY,
CAZADERO, ETC.
via Sausalito Ferry.
Suburban Service. Standard Gaus» Electric--
Depart from San Francisco" Dally-. .'A | : «*
9:00~10:CO U:0O a. m.. 12:20. 14
4:15 B;15 6:15. 7:CO. 8:45 l^VpivCISCO
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCtoCO
7:05. »=CO.-10:35 o P. o ». TRAI;ia
8:0O a. m. week days— Cazadero and way
m. week days (Saturdays exempted)—
Tomalea and way stations. -
3:15 p. m. Saturdays — Ci»sadero and way
stations ' .
Sundays only — 10 a. m.. Point Reyes ana
•way stations.
TICKET OFFICE— 626 Market St.
FERRT— Union Depot, foot of Market st.
Mt. TamaLpais Railway
Leave- Ti» SaowUito Ferrj • Arrive
San Francisco foot cf ilAritt St San Francisco
Week Sun- T Sun- Week
Days, days J i«*]S&^?^V day* J2^-*'
•H.ilO 1 **«:OOa f^StttTftin ia:Oftp 10:401
•1:45p 0:00a \&£$g&£j$ l:25p «:5.»p
5:15p IO.OOa TSiiS~Z&Sf 2:5i>p 5:»Op .
11:OOa XLpS&f 4:30r »:50p
' *0aa3»et with stigs fcr * Dryaa sad Tiflaw >¦*>
. TICUt - 1 626 Makkkt St., (North Shore Railroad)
UnC23 ( and Savsauto Fex&y, Foot Marktt 9u
OCEAN TBAVEL.
'Steamers leave San Fran-
/rv^fitf^ Cisco as follows:
fcY xij\ For Ketchikaa, "Wrangel.
/aVTJSCRt* \-A Juneau. Halnes, Skagway,
I ( V«3sla I 1 etc -. Alaska— 11 a. m.. Nov.
\ \ XwSOqAl 17. 12. 17. 22. 27. Dec. 2.
\<j\ \ \ " ~ yd I Change to company's steam-
Vjiv^V^^Q/ ers at Seattle.
XjJ/^jgw^^ For Victoria, Vancouver.
*~= — Port Townsend. Seattle. Ta-
coma. Everett, Whatcom — 11 a. m.. Nov 7,
12. IT, 22, 27. Dec. 2— Change at Seattle to
this company's steamers for Alaska and G. N.
Ry. :-at Seattle or Tacoma to N. P. Ry. ; at
Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay) — Pomona. .1:30
p. m., Nov. «. 12, 18. 24. 30. Dec 6; Corona,
| 1 :30 p. m.. Nov. 9. 15." 21, 27, Dec. 8.
For Los Angeles (via Port Los Angeles and
Redondo). San Diego and Santa Barbara —
Santa Rosa, Sundays, 9 a. m.
State of California. Thursdays. 9 a. m.
For Los Angeles (via San Pedro and East
San Pedro). Santa Barbara. Santa Cruz. Mon-
terey, San Simeon. Cayucos. Port Harford (San
Luis Oblspo). Ventura and Hueneme.
Coos Bay. 9 a. m.. Nov. 9. 17. 25. Dec 3.
Bonita. 9 a. m.. Nov. .5. 13. 21. 29, Dec. 7.
- For Ensenada. Magdalena Bay. San Jose del
Cabo. Mazatlan. Altata, La Paz. Santa Ro-
ealia. . Guaymas (Mex.). 10 a. m.. 7th of each
month.
For further I information obtain folder.
Right Is reserved to change steamers or sail-
ing dates. •
TICKET OFFICES — 4 New Montgom-
ery street (Palace Hotel), 10 Market street and
Broadway wharves. .
Freight office. 10 Market street.
C. D. DUNANN, General Passenger Agent,
10 Market street. San Francisco.
O.K. & N. CO.
"Columbia" sails Nov. 0, 19, 29, Dec. 9, 19,
29. "George W. Elder" sails Nov. - 14, 24,
Dec. 4. 14, 24. Only. steamship line to PORT-
LAND.- OK., and short rail line from Portland
to all points East. Through tickets to all
points, all rail or steamship and rail at LOW-
EST RATES. Steamer tickets include berth
and meals. Steamer sails foot of Spear st.
at 11 a. m. S. F. BOOTH. Gen. Agt. Pass.
Dept., 1 Montgomery St.: C. CLIFFOR.D, Gen.
Agt. Freight Dept.. 3 Montgomery. st.
TOYO RISEN KAISHA.
(ORIENTAL STEAMSHIP CO.)
Steamers will leave wharf, corner First and
Brannan streets, at 1 p. m., for YOKOHAMA
and: HONGKONG, calling at Kobe (Hiogo).
Nagasaki and Shanghai, and connecting nt
Hongkong with steamers for India, etc. No
cargo received on board on day of sailing.
5. S. HONGKONG MARU.... *
...... . . ... . . .Thursday. December 3, 1903
6. S. ¦ NIPPON ' MARU (Calling at Manila)
: .Wednesday, December 30 1903
S. S. AMERICA MARU..................
. .'. Monday, January 25 1904
' Via Honolulu. Round-trip tickets at reduced
rates. For freight • and ¦ passage apply at Com-
pany's office, 421 Market street, corner First.
¦ ' W. H. AVERY. General Agent.
occaBlc8.5.co.Eg"""
DIRECT U«eMTAHir. I
S. S. SONOMA, for Honolulu, Samoa Auck -
.land and Sydney. Thursday, Nov. 19. *2 n m
S. 8. ALAMEDA, for Honolulu. Nov. '28. 11 aim"
S.S. MARIPOSA". for Tahiti. Tec. 1. 11 am
*£iPBECKll4BiK!5.M..«Bts..TlrtBtonto.W3Barwa
JW^«teMBiiMlt.BtrlL7.ficBe|L ¦
Mare Island and Vallejo Steamers.
.Steamer GEN. FRISBIE or MONTICELLO—
9:45 a. m., 3:15 and 8:30 p. m.; except Sunday
Sunday, 9 :45 a. • m. .- 8 :3O p. m. Leave Vallejo.
7 a. m.. 12 :30 and 6 _p. m.. ex. Sunday. ; Sun-
day, 7 a. m.. 4:15 p. m. Fare. 50 cents Tel
M«ln^l50S. Pier 2. Misalon-st. dock. HATCH
BROS. » • ¦ -
f SALIFORK8A ' |
3 L.R3B7EO TO CHICAGO |
j Leaves (Mondays and- Thursdays w
I at 8:30 8. m., through In 3 days, R
I with diner and all trappings. jS
Other Santa Fe Trains :
1:32 ?' „' I '<"¦ Stockton, Fresno, BakersSeld,
8:00 p.' m." I MerceU » Hanford and Visalia.
4.00 p. m. for Stockton.
8:00 p. m. for Kansas City, Grand Canyoa and
Chicago.
Ticket Offic*: 641 Market St., and Ferrr
Depot. S. F. Also 1112 Broadvar, Oak-
land, Cal.
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. CO.
LESSEE
SAN FRANCISCO AKO KURTH PACIFIC
KAIL WAY COMPAITST.
Titraron Perry. Foot of Market Street.
SAW PEANUSCO TO SA1I BAFAEL.
"WEEK DAYS— 7:30. 9:00. 11:00 a. m. ; 12:35,
3:30. 5-10, 6:30 p. m. Thursdays — Extra trip
at 11:30 p. m.
Saturdays — Extra trip at 1:50 and 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— S:CO. 9:30, 11:00, a. m.; 1:30. 3:30.
6:00 fi:20. 11:30 p. m.
SAN EAPAEL TO SAN FBANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 6:05. 7:35. 7:50, 9:20. 11:13
a. m.: 12:50. 3:40, 5:00. 5:20 p. m.
Saturday? — Extra trip at 2:05 and 6:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS?— S:CO. 9:40, 11:15 a. m.; 1:40, 3:40.
4:58, 5:C5. 6:25 p. m.
Leave I In Effect I Arrive
San Francisco.!^ Sept. 27. 1903. .[San Francisco.
Week | Sun- I Destina- I Sun- I "Week
Days. | days. | tlon. ( days, f Pays.
7:30 a 8:00 a 9:10 a 8:40 a
9:30 a Igcaclo. 10:40 a 10:20 a
3:30 p 3:30 p 6:05 p 6:20 p
5:10 p| 5.00 p 7:35 p
7.30 a 9:10 a 8:40*
8:00 a Novato. 10:40 a 10:20 a
3:30 p 9:30 a Fetaluma, 6:05 p 8:20 p
5:10 p 3:30 p and 7:35 p
| 5:00 p Santa Rosa
7:30 a I ™ 10:4Oa 10:20 a
8:00 al Fulton. 7:35 p 6:20 p
3:30 p| 3:30 p[
("Windsor.
Hcaldsburg. 10:40 a 10:20 a
Lytton.
3:30 p 3:30 p| Geyserville. 7:35 p 6:20 p
, | Cloverdala.
7:30 al 8:00 al Hopland 110:40 ajlO:2O a
3:30 a| 3:30 p| and Uklah. | 7:35 p| 6:20 p
7:30 a| 8:00 a| "WUIiU. I 7:35 p| 6:20 p
7:30 a! 8:C0al '¦ 110:40 a!10:20 a
3:30 p| 3:30 pf Guernevllle. | 7:35 p| 6:20 p
7:30 al 8:00 al Sonoma. I 9:10 al 8:40 a
5:10 p| 0:00 pf Glen Ellen. | 6:05 p| C:20 p
7:30 al 8:00 al 110:40 a|10:20 a
3 :30 p| 3:30 p| Sebastopol. [ 7:35 p| 6:20 p
STAGES connect at Green Brae for San
Quentin; at Santa Rosa for "White Sulphur
Springs- at Fulton for Altrurla and Mark West
Springs; at Lytton for Lytton Springs; at Gey-
Berville for Skasgs Springs; at Cloverdale for
the Geysers, Booneville and Greenwood; at
Hopland for Duncan Springs. Highland Springs.
Kelseyville. Carlsbad Springs, Soda Bay. Lake-
nort and Bartlett Springs; at UkialWor Vichy
Springs. Saratoga Springs. Blue Lakes. Laurel
Dell Lake. Witter Springs, Upper Lake. Pomo.
Potter Valley. John Day 1 !. Riverside. Lierly's
BucknelVs. Sanhedrin Heights. Hullville. Orr'»
Hot Springs. Halfway House, Comptche. Camp
Stevens. Hopkins. Mendocino City. Fort Bragg.
We^tport, Ueal; at , Willits for Fort Bragg.
Westpott. Sherwood. Cahto, Covello. Laytcn-
ville CummlnKs. Bell's Springs,. Harris. Ol-
een's. Dyer, Garbervllle, Pepperwood. Scotia
""Saturday to Sunday round-trip ticketa at re-
duced rates.
On Sunday round-trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket offlce, 630 Market street. Chronicle
WHITING. R. X RYAN.
Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass. Act.
OCEAN" TRAVEL.
AMEKICAN LINE.
New York — Southampton — London.
St.Paul,Nov.2S,9:30 amlSt.Louis.Dec.l2.9:30 am
; Phila...Dec. 5. 0:30 am! N.York. Dec. 10.9:30 am
ATLANTIC TEAITSFOST LUTE.
New York — London Street.
Minne'ha.Nov. 28, noonlMin't'ka.Dec. 12, noon
Menominee.Dec. 5, 9 am|Mesaba..Dec. 1ft. 9 am
Only First-Class Passengers Carried.
DOMINION LI1IE.
Portland — Iiiverpool — Short sea passage
Canada Nov. "^Dominion Dec. 9
Cambroman Dec. 5|Canada Jan. 2
EED STAS LINE.
New York — Antwerp — Paris.
Zeel'd.Nov.2.S, 10:30 am|Vadl'd.Dec.l2.10:30 am
Flnl'd.Dec. 5. 10:30 amlKrnl'd.Dec.l9,10:3O am
WHITS STAB LINE.
New York — Qnesnstown — Liverpool.
Sailing Wednesdays and Fridays.
Teutonlc:>Jnv. 25. noonjOceanic.Dec. 16. 4 pm
Cedric.Dee. 2. 2:30 pm Teutonic. Dec. 23, noon
Arabic. Dec. 9, 9:30 am! Cedric.Dee. 30. 1 pm
Boston — Qucenstown — Liverpool.
Cretic Dec. 10, Feb. 11
Cymric Dec. 24. Jan. 2S, Feb. 25
BOSTON MEDITERRANEAN SERVICE.
Azores, Gibraltar, Naples. Genoa.
ROMANIC Dec. 5, Jan. 16 Feb 27
REPUBLIC (new) Jan. 2, Feb. 13 Mar. 26
CANOPIC... Jaa 30. Mar. 12
C. D. TAYLOR, Passenger Agent Pacific Coast,
21 Post St.. San Francisco. .
ij&fOvt^lERS. MARSEILLES. G£NQA^il 1
ggf NAPLES ft^ AL^^£gj^- GYRT -^J
ROMANIC. Dec. 8. Jan. 18. Feb. 27. Apl. 9
REPUBLIC (new). Jan. 2, Feb. 13, Mar. 29
CANOPIC : . - Jan. 30. Mar. 12
(Send for rates and Illustrated booklet.)
These steamers are the largest la Medi-
terranean service.
First class. $75 and |S0 upward, according
to date of salllne. '.
Bostonto Liverpool QaecSsVowa i
CRETIC... ........Dec. 10. Feb. 11 I
CYMRIC Dec 24. Jan. 28, Feb. 23 j
First class. $65 upward. . For plans, etc.,
address • - i
WHITE STAR LINE. 77-81 State st.
Boston, or to C. D. TAYLOR. 21 ( Post «t.
COMPAONIE GENERALS TRANSATLANTIQUS
DIRECT LINE TO ' HAVRE-PARIS.
Sailing every Thursday instead of
Saturday. ,at 10 a. m.. - from Pier 4"J, •3aHejr
North River, foot of Morton street.
First-clasa to Havre. $70 and upward.: Sec-
cnd-class to Havre. $45 and upward GEV-
ERAL AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES AND
CANADA, -j32 Broadway (Hudson Bulldins)
New York. J. F. FUGAZI & CO.. Paclflo Coast
Agents, 5' Montgomery 'avenue. San Francisco,
-pickets sold by all Railroad Ticket Acsnta.
If Three Fast Trains^
Southern Psdfis, Union Pactflo and Chicago SNsrtSi-WastsrnRys. |fl
M.%^ Standard and tourist sleeping cars, compartment MM
observation cars, buffet smoking and library cars; Jff/tiF
lik^ all meals in dining cars. ' B l¥
18»W^ For sleeping car reservations, tickets and information jfiS iff
raw/^Shy apply to ajents Southern Pacific Co., or to j£fr J J&
'^C^W. R. R- RITCHIE. Genersl Agent, JyjgjP*
ft NCaTH-WESTERH RY.Poultry and Game,
NEW YORK. Not. 18.— Price* ruled above
last ctrht's level throughout the day's session
of Ui« 8tock Exchange, but there were numer
cxts minor flactuatiors until .- the ' tendency • of
the *"'-fc»t was cliached by a strong and corn-
New York, Stock Market.
New York Cotton Market-
NEW: YORK, Nov. 18.— The ' cotton ' market
closed weak. 14 to 20 pointa lower.
| EASTERN MARKETS.
Iron closed at 48* 6d In Glasgow and at 42s
6%d la Mlddlesboro. Locally iron • is ' quiet.
No. 1 foundry Northern. $15©lfl;No. 2 foun
dry Northern. $14915;* No. 1: foundry Southern
and No. 1 foundry Southern soft. $13 00®14. ¦¦••
NEW . YORK. Nov. • IS. — Tia : was • about 6s
lower in Los3on. closing at ' £116 77s 6d for
spot aad £117 10s for futures. Locally tin waa
uachanged at $25 10@£5 60. 1 Spot copper I was
unchanged in London at £55 15s. while futures
declined 2s 6d to £55 7s 6d. - Locally copper
shows little change from tbe conditions recently
reported.- all grades being quoted at $13.. , .
Lead was unchanged at £11 Us 3d In Lon
don and at $4 25 In the local market, r-' , » •; ,
Spelter cloeed unchanged both la London and
New York. - V' a l mA B'* i *Tt1 i *"'TBlffiVir»l'' Tlifimw
New. York Metal Market.
Southeast •term warning* are displayed from
Eureka to Gan Frascisco and advisory mes
sages have been, eest to all eoathern poru.
warring corth-boond vessels of high southeast
winds from Point Conception northward.
The temperature has fallen about S degrees
In' the Sacramento Valley aad has rises about
:<• -decrees in the Elerraa.
Tbe following T^fli- 1 "*-"" 1 wind velocities are
reported: Tatoovh. 64 miles per hoar, from
tbe east; North Head. 34. east; Point Reyes,
44. coctheaat; Faralloa, 36. southeast.
Forecast made at Saa Francisco for thirty
boon endlcg midaigbt. November 19:
Northern California — Rain Thursday, brisk to
high southeast winds. -
.Southern Califorcla^— Clondy aad unsettled
weather Thursday, probably light rain; freeb
•ootherty winds.
Nermaa— CTootfy and unsettled weather
Thursday; cooler; fresh southerly winds.
Sen Fraaciaco and vicinity — Rala Thursday;
brisk: to higb sootbeast winds.
- ¦' A. O. McADIEv District Foreeaater.
The itorm bu moved clow! y/ Inland "and
now overlie* tne eoaet from Saa Francisco
northward.
WEATHER. CONDITIONS . AKD GENERAL
FORECAST.
¦ Strictly . fancy offerings of , table Burbanks
from- Salinas and Oregon continued • to meet
with a brisk local; demand at steady prices,
while off etock was rather easy at unsteady
rates. River Burbanks wera flrm under light
receipts, but prices were no higher. A car
load of. Sweet Potatoes came In from Merced
acd the market was firmer on fancy stock;
Off stock was offering below the quotations
and sold down to. $110 per cental. Onions
stood a« previously quoted. • . .y ¦
Choice : offerings of • Peas. String,-' .Wax and
Lima • Beans, • were . In : good request for local
use and cleaned ( up quickly . at firmer prices.
A small portion of the receipts of Los Angeles
stock came to hand In bad condition and were
sold below- the quotations. ¦. Thirty, crates of
Cn« : Tomatoes > came in from L the same section
and met with a • good demand at' $1 25 -per
crate. Bay < Tomatoes sold at- a wide range
as to quality.' f A targe portion of the receipts
were : unripe *a<l « frostbitten • and could ' not be
sold at any t price. ' Summer Squash aad : Cu
cumbers : were ; In ¦ limited ; supply and : steady.
Garlic waa ' very scarce, with » prices * largely
nominal. ¦ •¦'¦ -V ¦¦ ; :. ¦,'*•-"<"¦¦ •;¦- : .. ¦"¦.'-¦-¦-¦
POTATOES — Burbanks from the , river. , 55©
75c per ctl: Salinas Burbanfa. $1®1 40 per cU;
Oregon " Burbank?. «5c©$l 15 ¦ per ctl; River
Beds. 50fi«5c per cU ; Sweet Potatoes, $1- 25
€3c€$l 25 per ctl for fancy and
50&75C for' lower grades. • - . >flMWWMatHBMg|
- X'XGETABLES— Green Peas, . 466e • per ,' lb;
String Beans.. 4g6c per lb; Wax. 4©6o;-Uma
Beans. 4«4%c ' per * lb; 50cg$l ¦ per
box; > Summer Squash.'; $1 25 per ¦ box ? for : bay
and 75©S5c for Los Angeles; Cabbage. ;6Oe per
ctl: ,' Carrots, -75c ; per, fjckj^ Cucumbers, : $1 p« r
box- Garlic.: 6c- per lb;' Green- Peppers, . 250
40c 'per box for Chil« and S5Q50c for Bell; Egg
Plant. 40650c per box; Marrowfat Squash" $10
©15 per ton: Hubbard,;$15€20. . ,
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
Meat Market.
There Is no further change la Cattle, Eheep
or Hosa. PRESSED ; MEATS."
Wholesale rates from slaughterer. t> dealers
are as follows : - ' - «
BEEF— «S7c for Steers and 4%86c per, lb
f0 VEAL^-Large, 7%©3%c;" small, 8%e9%c
Wethers, 7%@8%c; Ewes, 88S%c
9%610c per.lb. '*
PORK— Dres3ed Ho«r9.:7%e9c per lb.
LIVESTOCK MARKET.
The following quotations are for good, sound
Livestock. > delivered in ; San Francisco. less 60
per «nt shrinkage for Cattle:/,;.- -T-,
•• CATTLE— Steers, 84?&c; Cows aad Heifers,
76Sc- thin Cows, 465c per pound. ¦ ¦-¦ -
CALVES — t@-*Wc per 'pound (gross weight).
SHEEP— Wethers. 3«i@4c; Ewes; '3U©3%c
I>er pound • (grow welg-ht). -"
- LAMBS-—4%©5c^ per lb..:-
HOGS— Live Hogs, 140 to 180 lbs. 5% c; over
150 lbs. 6c; Bows, 20 per cent off;. Bears. (0 per
cent o2. and Stags 40 per cent off from above
-i— tt'-*— a J|UlwUmsWsWHfHBIffiEB??t
General Merchandise.
BAGS— Grain Bags. 5<S5%c; fan Quentli
6 . 65c ; i Wool ! Bags, 32g35c ; Fleece ; Twlne.% 7 %
68c- Cotton Fruit Bags. 6%e, 6%c and 7%c for
the three grades; Brown Jute.";e%87%c.
COAL— Wellington ' $-9 ; per * ton; New •.Wel
lington. $8: SeatUe. $6 50; Bryant.- $6 50; Bra
ver Hill; $5 50; Standard/ $7;: Roelyn. $7; Cooe
Bay. $5 5O: '¦ Greta.' $7: >WalUend. ;$7: ~> Rich
mond. . $7: 50; '-. Cumberland. ¦ $13 1 In . balk : and
$14 25 in. sacks ;' Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg,
$14; Welsh Anthracite Epir. $13; WelEh Lump.
$11 60;iCannel,. $8 50. per » ton ;» Coke. $11 50®
13 " per - ton ¦ in « bulk ¦ and . $15 ' In sacks: Rocky
ST. JOSEPH. Nov. 18. — CATTLE — Receipts.
3S00: sttady to strong: natives. $3 50©5 25:
cows and heifers. $1 25®4 50; stockers and
feeder*. $2 5O©4 25.
HOGS — Receipts. 4000: 6c to 10c lower; light.
$4 C<Xg4 SO; medium and heavy, $4 40®4 45.
EHEEP — Receipts. 1 400; steady; ewe«, $3 60;
lambs, $5 25.
ST. JOSEPH.
• CHICAGO Nov. 13.— CATTLE— Receipts,
17.000. including 1000 Westerns: 10c to 15o
higher: good to prime steers $5 15@5 W; poor
to medium $3 ZO<8* 90: stackers and feeders.
Jl 75€4 15: cows $1 6064 25; heifers $2®
4 75^ canners. $1 50©2 40: : bulls. $2# 4 SO:
calves $2 5067 25; Texas-fed eteers, $2 75®
3 55: Western steers, $3g4 50._^
HOGS — Receipts to-day. »«,000; to-morrow.
35.000; IO^ISc lower: mixed and butchers, $4 55
©4 85; rood to choice heavy. $4 jB5«4 , .5: rough
heavy. $4 30©4 50: light, $4 40#4 70^ bulk of
sales at $4 &0>34 65. ¦¦ _-' . . -
6HEEP — Receipts, 28,000; eheep and lambs,
stead v to 10c higher: good to •choice wethers,
$3 60©4 25: fair to choice mixed, $2 75«3 60:
Western «heep, $2 &0©4 00; naUve lambs, $3 75
t?5 60; Western lambs, $ZQ5.
CHICAGO.
Eastern Livestock Market.
American Btscsit "....-' 65 CO
American District Trt ' .... | .... ,
Cal Gaa A E^ectrls Corp.... .... ....
Cal Cotton M!Ils »9 CO .:
Cal Jockey Club ....• 106 €«>
Cal Shipping Co.. .... 27 CO
I Cal Title Ins A Trust 130 CO 140 CO
I Central Bank of Oakland.... 6O 00 - .
Chutes Company 8 CO
Cypress Lawn Iisat Co 650 ....
Fischer's Theater 2 00 2 25
Gas Consumers' Association 23 50
Honolulu Sugar 14 60
Northern Cal Power .... 9 00 .
North Shore Railroad .... .... -
Orpheum Company . ... 1« 25
Pacific State* Tel A Tel 115 CO
Parafflne Paint 83 00 ....
San Francisco Drydock 47 00 .... .
Sanitary Reduction Works.. 1 50 3 00
Sausalito Land A Ferry 1<S 0* ¦
S perry Flour. Company...... 27 50 80 00
Standard Electric 1* <*>
Tesla Coal CO. - 82 50 :
Truckee Electrto 13 25 ....
Union Sugar 23 50 ....
United Gaa A Electric 34 50 ....
Moralng Sessioa.
Board™ ™ '
150 Home Oil 97*5
ICO Home Oil (s SO). ................. 97%
Street —
100 Home Oil (b 30) 1 CO
$2000 S V "Water first mortgage 6s. ...105 S.Vi
Afternoon Session.
Board— -_•
100 Home OU (s 90) — JJH
100 Home Oil ••• »•%
500 Monarch Oil 49
S50 Lloa Oa - W
Mining Stocks.
, SAN FRANCISCO STOCK EX CHANGS. .
Th» foUowing were th« , aales en th« Saa
Francisco Stock and Exc&a&ga Board yester
day:
Morsiag Session.
ioOCaledonU 91(100 Crown Potat.. 13
100 Caledonia 94|500 Gould A Cur.. 2O
ldO Caledonia 93J2CO Mexicaa 62
COO Con Cal A Va. 94 200 Ophir -.- — ---1 »
500 Con New Tork O2I2CO Sierra Nevada. 2«
; Afteraoon Session.
| 200 Alpha ........ 04 200 Mexicaa -«1
500 Andes 15 500 Overman 14
700 Belcher ...... 16 200 Savage ....... 13
100 Con Cal A Va. 91>3CO Seg Belcher... W
350 Con Cal A Va. 90 100 Stiver H!U. 54
400 Crown Potat... 12 30O Yellow Jacket- 31
200 Exchequer Hi
PACIFIC STOCK EXCHANGE.
Tha t oUowlag .were the sales oa ta» Pacific
Stock Exchange yesterday:
Moraiag Session.
200 Andes 15 30O Occidental .. XI
40O Belcher 17. 10O Ophir 182%
800 Caledonia ...• 91 500 Overman ... 15
500 Gould A CUr 2O TOO Sierra Ner. . 2n
200 Mexican C3 100 Silver Hill... 82
200 Belcher 1« i 100 Ophir 132%
SCO Cbollar C* !6O> Potoal ...... CO .
SOO C C A Va.. 92 30O Savage 13
300 CCA Va. . 90 il<»> Sierra Ner. . 28
BOO Crown Point. 12 J00 Union Con. .. 38
•00 Gould A Cur 20 SOO Yellow Jack. 31
TONOPAH MINING EXCHANGE.
The followtas; wer» the sates on th« Saa
Francisco and Tcr.cpah Mining Exchange yes
terday :
Morning Session.
JCOO Esperaa-ri. ... 01/ 100 Tono Midway. f»
'Afternoon Session.
200 Cea Eureka... S4I10OO Mont T»n-..l 12%
100 Esperanza. ... 02 f 300 Montana Ton.1 l.t
250 Golconda Coo. 18,1000 Montana Toa.l 05
11 00 Montana Ton.1 ' 10 SOO Tono N Star. . SI
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
THURSDAY, Nor. 15—4 p. m.
BId.AsSc I . Bid. Ask.
Aipaa oa 04[Jaiu oa em
Alta 01 . C2 Justice .'..:.. 1O W
Andes ....... 14 15 Kentuck ..... 03 04
i Belcher ...... 15 16 Keyea Graslr. " — 1 *«»
Best A Belch.1 3O 1 35 Mexican ..... 6O «
Bullion ..:... OH 07 Occidental ..." 33 3X
Caledonia &O 95 Ophir .1 30 1 35
Challenge .... IS Is Overman .... 13" 15
• Chollar ...... 0U IOiPotosi ........ OH i»
Ccafidence .. 50 60 Savage " 12 13
Con C A Va.. 9O 91 Scorpion .... 01 OS
! Con Imperial. OS (BVf Belcher.. 05 0~
Con N Y OS OJ Sierra Ner... 25 . 2«
Crown Point.. 12. UjStfw HU1... » 5S
Eureka Con... 5u|st Lout*..-.... 11.—
Exchequer ... 11 12 Syndicate .„. .O4_05
Gould A Cur.. 19 21 Union Con... 33 34
Hale A Nor.. 44 4« Utah ........ II .12
Lady Wash... — 04* Yellow Jack.. 30 32
- TONOPAH MINES.
Bld.A'k.- ¦ Btd.'Ask.
Colehan ..... — 19 Paymaster .. 06 •; C»
Esperanza ... — OliRescne ....%. 03 06"
Gold Mouata- — 05 iron Betmont. SO 90
Hanaapah ... — lO.ronopah Nef.5 d) e 00
MacNatnara . — 15iTon N Star.. 33 ,35
Mizpah Ex... — 22 Ton Midway. 3S 3T
Mont Toa....l 10 1 15' Called Ton... — 12
Beans show considerable fluctuation, both
up and down. Rather more Inquiry la report
ed, but the market Is quiet at best.
r BEANS— Bayos. $2 25©2 40; Pea. $3®3 25;
Butters, $3 25; small White, $2 75©3: large
White $2 35@2 60; Pink. $2 25Q2 60: Red.
$3&3 25; Lima." $2 75S2 95; Red - Kidneys.
$4 25; Blackeye. $2 15©2 35 per • ctl; Horse
Beans. $1 50@2.
SEEDS — Brown Mustard, $3; Yellow Mus
tard. $2 65©2 S5; Flax. $1 70<fl 80; . Canary.
5®5%c for Eastern; Alfalfa, ll@14c; Rape.
1%@2%c: Timothy. e&6%c: Hemp. 3%@3%c
per lb: Millet. 3«3%c; Broom Corn Seed. $20>^
23 per inn imriiL^r iliin' | > r »>""***ni)T7fiWni1|lTfw
DRIED PEAS— Green. $1 80©2 per ctl.
Beans and Seeds.
HIDES AND SKINS — Culls aad brands sell
about l%c under quotations. Heavy salted
Steers. 9c: medium, 8c: light, 7%c; Cow Hides.
7%c- for heavy and 7%c for light; Stan, 6c;
Salted Kip, 9c; Salted Veal. 10c: Salted Calf.
10%611c; dry Hides. .15c; dry Kip. 13c; dry
Calf. ISc; Sheepskins, shearlings. 25©30c each;
short Wool. 40660c each; medium, 70@00c;
long Wool. $1£1 50 each; Horse Hides, salt.
$2 75 for laree and $282 50 for medium, $1 25
61 75 for email and SOo for Colts; Horse
Hide*, dry. $1 78' for large and $1 50 for me
dium $18125 for small. and 50c for Colts.
Buck Skins— Drv Mexican. 32c; -dry salted
Mexican, 25c; dry Central American. 32c. Goat
Skins — Prime Angoras, 75c: large aad amooth.
50c; medium, 35c: small. . 20c
TALLOW — No. '1 rendered, 4%c per lb; N>
2. 4c: grease, 2%©3c. .
. WOOL, Fall clip — San Joaquln Lambs'. 9S
lie* -Middle County, 11612c: Northern Free,
Iis'l2c; Northern Defective, 10© lie: Humboldt
and Mendoclno, 12@14c; Nevada, 13£15c; Ore
gon fine, isei9c; Oregon medium. 17c per lb.
HOPS 19@22c per.lb for California and 10®
22c tor Oregon.
Hides, Wool, Tallow and Hops.
LIVERPOOL. -
¦re-heat— Dec. March. May.
Closing 6 *V4 « S?4 «2%
PARIS. ,
xr^,,-. ; Nov. Mar. -June.
Owfn- 21 °° «
Closing - 1 °° =«»5
FloUr «9 05 •>% «0
Opening g )£ «S 30
Ooslng 23 05 ZS 30
Foreign Futures.
On the Produce Exchange to-day the Butter
market was firm. Creameries. lO@22c; Dai
ries 14319c. Eggs, firm, 22#24c Cheeae,
steady. 10©Ue.
Articles — Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels «.700 30 700
Wheat bushels ...259.700 36,400
Coro bushels 181,400 369.000
oS: bushel. "• 3 #«» 19 H£
Rye, bushels 22.200 *-300
Bariey, bushels 309.300 15.300
COTTOLENE— One balf barrel. 9%c; 'three
half barrels, 9V»c: one tierce. 9%c; two tiercea,
9c; five tierces, 8>ic per'Ib. . .- ';•,
CURED MEATS^ — Bacon, 12c per lb for
heavy, 12%c for light medium, 14%c for light.
15%c for' extra light. 18%c for sugar-cured
and 20©21%c for extra sugar-cured; Eastern
sugar-cured Hams. 14%c: California Hams,
13»4c: Mess Beef. $11 50 per bbl; extra Mess.
$12312 50; Family. $13; prime Mess Pork. $18;
extra clear. $24: Mess. $19: Dry Salted Pork,
I2c: Pig Pork, $2S: Figs* Feel, $5 25; Smoked
Beef, 15c per lb. " ¦ . - '
LARD — Tierces quoted at 7%c per lb for
compound and 9c for pure; half barrels, pure.
9%c; 10-lb tins, 9»4c; 5-Ib tins. 9%c; 3-lb tins.
10c;- .-;¦ " : .'.*¦ . ¦ "'- ~ - -' -'
Chicago reported a dull market, with Hogs
10c lower. There was no change here.
Provisions.
Cash quotations were as follows:
Flour steady; No. 2 spring wheat. 77c; No.
3 76fiMc; No. 2 red. S23S3%c: No. 2 com.
42*ic- No. 2 yellow, 44c; No. 2 oats. 84%c:
No 3 white. "3483Sc; No. 2 rye. 63c; good
feeding barley 36@3Sc: fair to choice malting.
43g53c; No. 1 flax seed. 94c; No. 1 North
western $1: prime timothy seed. $2 S5; mess
pork per barrel. $11 37%©11 50; lard, per 100
pounds $8 S7%«?6 90; short ribs eidea (loose).
S6 7&@7 25; short clear sides (boxed). $6 50®
6 62%; whisky, basis of- high wines. $125;
clover, contract grade. $10 50.
Articles — Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2 —
Dec. new .... 7SH 79% 7? 79%
May' 78% 7S% 77% 78*
July 74U 74% 74% 74%
Corn No. 2 —
December 41*4 42% 41% 42%
May 41% 42% 41% 42
July 41% 42 41% 42
Oats No. 2 —
December S3% 34% 33U 34%
May 35 35% 34*i 85%
Mefe Perk, per barrel —
January 1145 11 52% 11 42% 11 47%
May 1155 1165 1165 1160
Lard per 100 pounds —
January 0 67% 6 67% 6 €2% 6 65
MayT^.: 6 €5 6 65 6 €2% 6 62%
Short Ribs, per 100 pounds—
January 6 07% 6 12% 6 07% 6 10
May... 6 17% 6 22% 6 17% 6 20
Feedstuffs are steady, receipts having been
lighter during the past -two or three days.
Hay rules steady, but the trade Is stilt handi
capped by the lack of cars. Receipts are light.
The detailed statement of the stock on hand
November 1 appears in the first column.
The Hay circular of Somers A Co. says:
"In spite of the fact that hay shipments
hav e been decreasing durinjr the past week,
yet arrivals have been sufficient for all de
mands. The account shows a total of 1C0O
tons for the week or 200 tons less thaji for
the week preceding. The stormy weather has
interfered somewhat with the transaction of
business, but even since the weather cleared
the demand has not been at all brisk. This
condition of affairs cannot last very -much
longer, for from all reports we are convinced
that many of the- consumers will soon have
to come on to the market to supply their
needs. We hear no talk at present of "a dry
season." although the. precipitation in the
southern part of the State has not been at all
plentiful. The car situation is becoming more
critical, for the edict has now gone forth
from Southern Pacific officials that nothing
but dosed box cars shall be used for . bay.
During the past few weeks stock' cars have
been utilized for this purpose, which has In
creased ¦ dally shipments by about 25 per cent.
We . may therefore look for a very light sup
ply of hay during December, and if the de
mand Improves prices should surely go higher.'
"Choice wheat hay continues to come -In
quite, freely, the cheaper grades of hay be
ing In very light supply at present. Alfalfa
continues to come in- large quantities by
water, but It can be expected that theffl_ar
rivals will stop very shortly. Straw U in
fairly good supply with no change in prices."
BRAN— $20©21 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— «26®2S per ton.
SHORTS— $20©21 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley, $24 6O§23
per ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill. $2ftfi2*5 50:
Jobbing. $27g27 50; Cocoaaut Cake, $21022;
Corn Meal. * 30^31 : Cracked Corn. $30 60®
31 50; Mixed Feed. $22 &0Q23 60; Horse Beans.
$30fj40 per ton. .
HAT— Wheat, $14^16 50; • Wheat and Oat.
$13 50®16 60; Oat. $13@15; Wild Oat. $11 60©
13 50; Barley, $11013; Stock. $10@ll; Alfalfa.
$10512 60 per. ton.
STRAW — tagCSc per bale.
Hay a;id .Feedstuff s.
RAISINS— F. o. b. prices. Fresno, for 1903
crop: 50- lb boxes — Loose Muscatel, 2-crown,
5V*c per lb: 3-crown. 5^sc;'4-crown. tiVic; Seed
less Muscatels. 4i4c: do floated, 4%c: un
bleached Sultanas, 4%c; Thompson's Se^Mless.
5%c. London Layers — 2-crown, $1 25; 3-crown,
91 35; 4-crown clusters. ?2; 5-crown Dehesaa.
$2 £0; 6-crown Imperials. $3; Malaga Loose, 2
crown. 5c t*r lb: do 3-crown, 6% c: Valencia
Cured. *Hd Pacific do. 3%e; Oriental do. 2&C-
Seeded Raisins — 16-01 packages, fancy. 8c per
lb: choice. 7>ic; 12-oz packages, fancy. 6%c;
choice. 6%c: In bulk, fancy. 79»c; choice, 7Sc
NUTS— Walnut*. No. 1 softshell, 13%©14c;
No. 2. Il%ei2c; No. 1 hardshell, 13@13%c;
No. 2. llfill%c: Almonds, lie for Nonpareils.
10%c for I X L, lOUc for Ne Plus Ultra and
8*ic for Languedoc; Peanuts, &@7c fcr East
ern: Pecans. ll@13c: Cocoanuts. $4 5065; Cali
fornia Chestnuts. 8610c per lb. .
HONEY— Comb. ll@13c for white and 9@10c
for amber; water white extracted, &g5%c; light
amber extracted. 4%$5c; dark, 3%&4c
BEESWAX— 27629c per lb.
Two cars of Italian Chestnuts are expected to
arrive to-day or -to-morrow. .. They are selling
at Ilffl2c perilb'to xrrtve. "¦• ¦?:»-¦; — -••.;•- •
FRUIT— Apric«>t»,-Tes%c f«r Royals and 99
lie for Moorparks; Evaporated Apples, 4§5%c:
sun-dried. 3 H®4*: Peachen. 4%®6%c; Pears,
«®10c; Nectarines,, 4#5%c: Figs, white, 4g4^c
in boxes; black, 4*icr Plums, pitted, 669c per
pound. ¦ . . "
PRUNES— 1903 crop. 2%©2%c for the four
sizes. - . . .- • --...,
Dried Fruitsjtfiiis, Raisins, Honey
- UNITED BTATES BONDS." 7
Bid. Ask. I " Bid. Ask.
4»qr coup.. .llOijlllU ,4s qr cp new.l34m35J4
4s qr reg 110^111 Vi*3s qr coup,..107»ilCS*t
MISCELL.\NEOCS BONDS.
Ala A W 5s: r — • — «. "Do ..I08H1C0U
Bay CPC Ss.lO2*ilO3H' Do con 5s. — 1«H
Cal C G 5a..l05»» — D W C B 5s. — 97
Ca! C ft E t -Tceanic r? 6a. — 75
. m & ct 5s. — 102%;Jc C R 6S..120 —
Cal-st 5s % ... — — Pac G Im 4s — 97
C C Wat 5s. — 100 p E Ry 5*.106>; —
E L & P 6e.l2O — !J> ft C H «s." — —
FiCH'6». — 117 P A O R 65.1164120
Geary-st 5s. 43 9>> iPowell-«t es.113^ —
H CAS 5HS.101 — 'S E GAR 5a. — 100%
H C & S 5s. — 100 'b'F & SJV5S.1164117
Hon R T 69.104% — is R of C 6«. 112ft — B
L A Elec 58.101^105^ S P of A 6s
L A Ry 5s. — 113 j U90B) 10754107%
LALC06S. — — 1 (19101 .... — 1C9
Do gtd 6b. — .' 8 P of C'6»"
Do gtd 5s. 102^105 fl905)Sr A-102S103t;
LAP lem 5s. 100 — . .«190S)Sr B.10S% — • :
Mkt-st C«s.llS — (1906> — 105
Do lem 6s. — 114 <1912) ....114% —
NRR of O3a.l06%107 SPC leg 5s. — —
* Do 5s. 114U11* Do stmpd.lOeH —
N P C R 5s. — 107 S P B R 6s. — ' 134
N C R 6s 100 — S V-W.6S..105U106H
N C P C 6s. — — Do 4s 2dm. 98H —
XS'UBos. — 05 Do 4s 3dm. 97H 99
O G L H 6S.107 — Stkn G&E 6s — 102*4
O T Co 6s. .116!4113 U G A E 5*. 102^ —
WATER STOCKS.
Contra Costa 36 40 [Port Costa. . — —
Marin Co.... 61 — JSp V W Co. 3&H —
~ GAS .AND ELECTRIC.
Cent LA P.' 3^4 4H 3 F G & E. £3 69U
Mutual E L. ; . 9*4 — S F Gaa L.. 3 —
Pac G Ira.. 55 55^ Stkn G & E. 5
Pac'L Co... 55fi — U G A E.. —
Sac E GAR. — —
TRUSTEES'^CER'riFICATES.
B F G A E. 69 69W,'
INBUKOfCE.
FIresi'a Fna^320 —
BANK STOCKS.
Am Nat Blc — 125 |L P AA... — 170
Anglo-Cal ..SO 85 Her Tru«...23O
Bank of Cal.- — 465 Merrh Ex... —
Cal Safe Dp. — 152H 3 F NationL — —
First NatnL.' — — I
SAVINGS BANKS.
Ger SAL. — 2300 Sav A L So. 85 100
Hum SAL. — — Sec Sav Bk.400 500
Mutual Sav.100 110 Union T Col —
S F Sav U.600
' * STREET RAILROADS.
I California .. — 205 [Presidio .... S9£ —
i Geary .,....— SO |
POWDER.
GJast <3 66 /Vlgorlt ..... — i%
-SUGAR.
Hana P Co.. — 80c .Kllaoea S C. — «
Hawaiian C. 43 44% Makaweli C. 23U
Honokaa B C 13 13% Onoznea S C. SI 32
Hutch S P C 10 10%|Paauhaa S C — 15*1
. MISqELLANEOUS.
Alaska Pack.146 150 . iOce&nlc S C. — 6ti
Cal Fruit As 92 % 93 Pac A F A. 3% 4V
Cal Wine Aa 90 — . IPac C Borx.167 —
Morning Session. * \ -
Board—
. 70 Alaska Packers* • Aasa .147 50
150 S F Gan A Electric Co.... 68 6O
$1000 8 P of Arizona (190B) . U07 50
- 70 Spring Valley Water Co........ 39 00
• Street — ¦• ••_ / ¦ . -
50 Honokaa • . ." 13 23
110 S F Gas A Electric Co 69 25
' ' Afternoon Session,
Board
11000 Oakland Transit Sa 109 00
.15 S F Gaa A Electric Co i.; 69 50
$10,000 S P of C 6s (1912W... ...... ..114 87%
•20 Spring Valley W&ter'C© .'33 25 ¦
Btreet —
CO S F Gaa A Electric Co (b 3).... 69 50'
10 3 F Gaa A Electric Co .- 69 SO
California Stock and OilExciumge
Stock— ' Bid. ' Asked.
Alma 1 40
Associated* Trust Cert I 19. "*£6
California. Standard ..........:. ii
Caribou .....; •;•--"•• 100
Central Point Con...... 63 ....
Chicago Crude..' 19 . ...
Claresiont - 24 ....
Esperanza - 1 6O ....
Foot ..* — .;.^'..'.-rrrm>v 467. -. to
Fulton ; :7Tr^Tr.~rr7TV".-; . . . . 4 50 ..;.
Giant ............: .... 20
Hanfcrd • 132 CO 140 00
Home r^r.Tr::r«.. .....;:.?:' 97% 1 00
Imperial-;........ "• 13 00
I Independence IS 17
1 Junction.. :..........' so
Kern ."." .......... 4 75 5 25
I Kern River ........V........ .... . 13'00-.
Lion "....'...'...".. .*.' • - • .". •«.... 03 O4
Monarch (of Arizona) ........ 48 . ,51
Monte" Cristo SO^Snrr;- 1 ®
OccIdenUl of W Va. ........ IS
OU, City Petroleum .......... 27 2S
Peerless... .....:.. 13 75 14 2S
Plttsborg .... - 20 *
Reed Crude-. ;.:.....•.. BS»$Sfl
S F A McKittrick... ;....... 2 75 ....
San Jo*q»ln O A D... ....... ..:. 4 50
Senator^...... 65 73
Sovereign'.." ".... 39 ....
Sterling. .......:.... 2 70 2 go
Superior '.•......'. .* 04 06
Thirty-Three ...'..". ..TO 7 50 ¦
.Toltec. ;-.....'....".....".....":. Si . 22" - ....
Twenty-Eight .....r. • ...,~; - 4 50
.West-Shore ......-.....;.....- 2 9O ....
Associated Bonds. «3 • 70
x-.:;illscellaneous—^ - f "" < 9Mn • ;
Abby Land & 1 rapt .'..... ..;.^pS33HHEi-!Ui-'
Alameda Sus»r ........r.... v " ..'.. 25 00 .
Wednesday; Nor. is— 2 p. ¦ a.
Stock and Bond Excluxnge.
Following is tie regular «eml-a=TJual state
ment cf the San Francisco Hty Association,
elxvwing stocks oa hand November 1:
•This association has compiled a statement
of Hay in rtore in rwiblic warehouses and In
private barns, on November 1. 1903. showing
the visible cupjsly, and covering the counties
that wad their Hay to San Francisco markets.
The Cgure* have been famished to us by the
warehousemen or other recognized authorities
at the varto-js points.
—We *Tiv« them to you as we have received
them, as follows, viz:
Tcns.'Owccrd and Bay
San Francisco . . - 4.<"»X> Point 3.700
Redwood l.OOO Walnut Creek .. 1.250
Menlo Park 50f> Danville 2J/00
Vav5e!d 1.200 San Ramon !.?<*>
Mountain View.. 3,5<X) McAvovs l.'VX>
M<?rg»a HIU 150 Cornwall SfO
K*n Martin 250 Ar.tioca 250
HoUister lCOno Byr=a 3flO
Tr*« Piaoe 5.600 Bethany TOO
£alir.a*. Ocnxales j Stockton «,«»>
Cfcuaiar l.W»! V«l!#Jo £*>
Mount Edea .... lOivBenicia &»
Hayward* I0» BaiMBB 1.4f*>
l^roto 1.000, Woodland 1,500
IrvingtOT snn'Mary*vil>. Cfcico
Warm Spring.... 830 Hcr.c-Jt 1.300
Mi:p'tas 1.200 Reclaisa'lon 1.20O
XVrtso Wf Lakevil'.e 1.0CO
££01 BOdFetabnaa 2.000
Pleasantca 7.0r» Napa Valley . .. 1.500
Liv*r»ore lAOtti; Sc-yjma Valley... 1.000
? Itamont 1.500,5m Joaculn \ al-
Pan Pablo I5fl( ley 1.000
P<- o > 2.0<**
Sartlsea l.WWi Total »«.*00
Pacheco 700
"As previcrus'.y men.tioced. this quantity Is
about tte easie as oa the corresponding date
list year."
Weather Report.
OTOth M.eri4ian —^Padfis Ttn-e.)
SAN FRANCISCO. Nov. IS— 5 p. in.
The foJlowinjf are the seasonal rainfalls ta
a . e as cctspared with those of the same date
last 'season asd raisfall In the last twenty
focr boun:
Last This Latt
Etatioca— ** hours. Eeason. Season.
STK«ir"::::::::: ©io z.ji is:S
Sacrasaeato Trace 1.6S 3.CS
S^Frandsoo ..... 0.04 1.-. ».«
Irldepeaoence 0.00 Trace O.S9
Pan iSi. OWsj».... 0.00 O.p^ 3.20
L09 Angeles 0.00 0-43 2.3S
E*n Diego 0 00 O<» 137
*~ THE COAST RECORD.
i 5 2~~i i i
g =3 If * o £
ETATION8. ff *| If g§ yr I
.- tr 5. - & ?; c
C C - 3|
§:*-; ? ? : : :
Baker 80.04 32 22 SB Cloudy .00
fiswoa ».8S 62 2* S Cloudy .00
Eureka 29.76 M 36 SB Cloudy .14
FaraUon 29.S4 56 £2 EB Cloudy .42
FreeEo 29. SS M 38 SB Cloudy .00
FUcstaS 30.10 *3 14 NE Cloudy .00
Incepeadesce .23.94 XA 84 6B Clcudy .00
Los Angeles ..23.M 78 M W Pt.Cldy .00
Mt. Tarcalpais 29.90 50 42 BE Rain .14
North Head ..23.M 42 40 E Ra^i .06
Phoenix 23.M 74 48 E Pt.ddr .00
Portland 29.82 40 S« E Rain .09
Podsl Reyes ..23.M M 82 SB Rain .52
Red BluSt 2».fi4 13. 40 NW Rain .50
Roeeborg 23.74 44 32 XT Cloudy .01
s*cramecto ..23.90 56 44 SE Rain- T.
Salt Lake ...30.10 S4 IS W Cloudy .00
S*n Fraaciaco.23.90 68 K SB Cloudy .04
S L. ObUpo.. 30.00 C9 38 W Cloudy .<"<»
Kan Diegs 29.9« 74.54 VT Clear .00
Feattle 23.78 4S 34 "W Cloudy .00
Fpokaa* 30.12 2« 12 E Cloudy .00
Ta-tooah 29.64 40 38 B Rain .04
¦Walla. "Walla. .3O.O« 2S 22 N Cloudy .00
W-inneraucca. .9.92 42- 38 NB Cloudy
Tuma 29.92 76 &4 NE Cltar .00
Stocks of Hay
The Board of Bank Commissioners Is
sued a license yesterday for the es
tablishment of the Stirling City Bank
at the town of that name. The Insti
tution is capitalized at (23,000, which -is
fully subscribed. F. N. Cloush , has
been elected president of the bank: A.
Lt. Jones, vice-president and W. S.
Stoddard secretary, treasurer and cash
ier. . • r ji'S
Issues License for New Bank.
CHICAGO. Nov. IS.— The feature In trading
in the wheat pit was the urgent demand for
the December delivery, while at the same time
there was very little en the market, and as a
result of this combination the price took a
sharp upturn. With the exception of the con
tinued favorable weather conditions in general
favored the bulls, cables being higher, receipts
in the Northwest smaller* and -the cash demand
much improved. There was a good scattered
demand for both December and May at the
ftart. and the former month" or>ened Uc up
at 784c. Outside markets were ail higher. As
the price advanced there was considerable
buying by commission houses on stop orders,
which added to the etrength, and daring the
last hour the price rose rapidly. December sell
ing up to 7»4,c. Fears of the December shorts
that a deal was about to be sprung oa, them by
a big local operator was the primary cause for
the sudden anxiety to cover short lines. The
clo«e was at 7JK5-794C. a gain of 14c.
Cbrn tended lower early, but became strong
In sympathy with wheat. December closed
»i«2;*c higher at 424c.
Oats ruled strong on buying by shorts. .De
cember closed 14614c higher at 34%c, " . •
provisions ruled steady, but low prices at
the yards had a depressing Influence. January
pork find ribs closed unchanged, lard 2485c
lowf r.
The leading futures ranged as follows^ ¦ .
Chicago Grain Market.
The Honolulu Plantation 'Company haa lev
ied an assessment of $1 per share, delinquent
December 28.
1 The Homestake Mining Company of South
Dakota has' declared a regular monthly divi
dend of 25 cents per share, payable Novem
ber 23. : .'-,.• - -
Business was dull on tha Bond Exchange.
with fluctuations • narrow. Gas and Electric
was somewhat " higher at $69 2S®&> 50 and
Spring Valley Water at $39 25. Alaska Pack
ers sold at $147 50. The oil stocks continued
neglected, i ;._
San Francisco . Gas ' and Electric taut de
clared a dividend of $2 50 per share.
Devil's Den Consolidated Oil Company has
levied another assessment, and will put la an
other well. - ¦
FOR WEDNESDAY. NOVEMBER 13.
Flour, qr sks... 19,806[Feed, ska....... 59
"Wheat, ctls. ....- 2. 800; Screenings, sks. -20O
Barley, ctls..... 10. 4 10; Pelts. No. 8.3SI
Rye. ctls 435. Hides. No 46S
Beans, sks 1.SS9 Raisins, bxs 1.900
Potatoes, sks... l,R61iQuIcksllver. fiks. 18
Bran, eks 2.0€5! Leather, rolls... 75
Middlings, sks.. 836JWtne, gals M.200
Hay, tons 325, Sugar, ctls 2.575
Straw, tons 10! Tallow, ctls.... 15
Hops, biles..... 77 Paper, rai SS5
Wool, bales..... 236j
Receipts of Produce.
CITRUS FRUITS — Valencia Oranges. S2t>
3 50 per box; Navels. •$2@3 60: Lemons. %IQ
2 50 per box: Grape Fruit. $1 50<&2 50; Mexi
can Limes, $4g5: Bananas. ?1 25 g-1. 75 per
bunch for Hawaiian and $2 5O@3 for Central
American; Pineapple*. • $2@2 60 per dozen.
GRAPES — &0®60c for small boxes. 65g90e
for crates, and $1 25@1 75 for large open
boxes.
CRANBERRIES — Cape Cod. $11@U 50; Jer
seys. ?10tJ10 75 per bbl ; Coos Bay. $2 CO@3
per box.-'
APPLES — Fancy Spltxenbergs, $2 25 per. box
for Oregon and • $1 50©l 75 for California:
other varieties, $1©1 25 for fancy. 75gS5c for
choice and 25g50c for common ; Christmas Ap
ples. $1 50#2 50.
PEARS — $1 25@l'5O per box for fancy Win
ter Neltls and 50©75c for other varieties.
QUINCES — tO<g»50c per box. ¦
POMEGRANATES^ — 75©S5c far small boxes
and $1 50fg2 50 for Urge.
PERSIMMONS — 50©90c per box.
Stocks of Mexican Limes are closely cleaned
up and they are quoted higher. Other Citrus
and Tropical Fruits are in ' good supply and
unchanged. '¦'. ,. -.
STRAWBERRIES— Longworths. $5310 per
chest; large berries, $+67 per chest.
RASPBERRIES — $&8S per chest.
Dealers are expecting a scarcity of . Cran
berries at Thanksgiving, as two cars en route
have been delayed east of Chicago and can
not get here until Thanksgiving day or the
day after. The market rules firm. - Coos Bay
lots are moving, slowly, but are firmly held,
aa there are no more expected before Thanks
gi\ing. Strawberries and Raspberries were in
fair request and the light receipts cleaned up
quickly at' good prices. Aside from Berries.
'Apples and . Graces were the leading features
of the fruit market and trade In both -descrip
tions was quite active. Grapes arrived freely
from all sections, but prices were maintained
as retailers were stocking up. expecting that
the rain -would leseen subsequent receipts.
High-grade Apples were wanted, particularly
Spitzenbergs and Bellflowers, and fine offerings
packed In four-tier boxes readily commanded
the top quotations. A carload of fine Spitzen
bergs, that came in from Oregon on the pre
ceding day, was sold on the track at $2 per
box. Figs were offering in limited quantities
at 60@75e per box. but found few buyers. Th«
other deciduous fruits stood as previously <imo
ted. • ?g»a»f*SS®*»»^«Er*<"^ ¦ --
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
PRUNES — Are a little firmer on the coast ac
cording to private advicee. but unchanged hero
with prices ranging from 2$7c for all grades.
APRICOTS — Remain dull with quotations
more cr less nominal. Choice. »U©d4c; ex
tra choice. I0€(104c; fancy, 116124c.
PEACHES — Quiet. Choice. 7Vi©T*4c; extra
choice 7*t&8*ic; fancy. 9»4©10*4c.
EVAPORATED APPLES— The market Is
easy under a light demand with prime fruit
fcr future delivery offered a shade under 64c.
Common. 4g5c; prime. 64<r5?ic; choice. 6®
t4c; fancy. 7c.
COFFEE— Spot Rio, steady. Mild, firm
Futures closed steady at a net decliu* of 5
points. Sales. 74.000 bags. Including: De
cember 6.50e5.60c; March. 5.85®5.90c; July,
4.15Qi4.25c; September. 6.25®6.35e.
SUGAR — Raw. norr.ir.al; refined, quiet.
DRIED FRUITS.
WOOL— Firm
MTJEAT— Receipts, 86.000 bushels ; exports.
25.000 bushels. Spot, firm; No. 2 red. S7&C
elevator; No. 2 red. 87%c f. o. b. afloat. Op
tions ruled strong on vigorous support, based
on the cold weather and Etrength of outside
markets. May closed S3 4 c. July closed S3Uo
and December closed S7Hc.
HOPS— Steady
NEW YORK. Nov. 18. — FLOUR — Recelpte,
49,100 barrel; exports. 5300 barrels. More ac
tive and firmer. * v\ -^ ¦
New York Grain and Produce.
j epenir*', and reacted a point or near It eev- ;
! erai times during the day. each time with dis- i
! tarting effect upon the *tock. The resistance !
! offered by the stock as it approached 50 was j
[attributed to buying for account of the pre- j
• ferred stock conversion syndicate. The stock i
! finally eymrAthired with the strength cf the '
i general market and rose more than a point ;
j over last night, thus freeing the market :
! from its restraining lnSueace and facilitating j
i the closing advance. The stirring of pool »p- j
I erationa in a number of minor railroad stoc** j
wu a continuing feature, some of those which i
rose yesterday being etlll affected, while others
of the came clas9 were added to-day. These j
movements In themselves had to great elfect |
en the market but the resumption of this !
kind of speculative activity is considered symp- |
tomatlc of the easier conditions of the money I
market. With the easier tone in money and I
the recovery in exchange there was an awak
ening discussion as to the probable termina
tion of the gold Import movement. Chicago
reported a practical cessation of demand upon |
that center from the crcp regions for money i
and It w&s believed likely that the gold al- j
ready engaged would fulfill requirements. The
total engagements, however, are in the neigh
borhood of $9,000,000, of which upward ot
*6,512.000 Ib still du« to arrive. Heavy of
ferings of cotton bills weakened the exchani?" I
rate again and an additional $500,000 gold was
taken in London for New York. This was
probably a <5ecisive.in3uer.ee en the lata buying
movement in stocks.
Bonds were dull and about eteadv. Total
¦ales. f2.ElS,UOO.
United States 2s declined and the old 4s I
t« Der cent on the last call.
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
Stocks — Sales. High. Low. Cloee. i
Atchison l!s,4«X> £5 0414 C4"^ '
Atchlson pfd M<0 SSH S3 S9»i i
Baltimore & Ohio.. 0.400 75l 4 74^ 73i 4 !
Bait & Ohio pfd.. ltrt S74 S74 t>7
Canadian PaciSc... SOO llS'A ll>i» 11^% i
Central of N J • 153
Chesapeake & Ohio. 1,200 S*v, '2S\ 2»4 ;
Chicago & Alton... <C*> 324 32 32\»
CM tc Alton pfd 68
Chi Great Western. 2.6tX> 154 144 15% I
Chi G W B pfd... 300 264 25* 2«4 ,
Chicago & N W... 100 1&4 164 lt>3
Chi Tt-rm & Trace 8^4'
Chicago T & T pfd 17*» 1
C. C. C & St Loui* «&
Colorado Southern. €00 12H 124 l-\ ¦
Colo South 1ft pfd. 300 53** 53 W
Colo South 2J pfd. SOO "214 21 214
Delaware & Hudwn 200 155 155 154
Del. Lack & West 128 *i j
Denver & Rio G.. 200 19^4 19^i 15*%
Dea & Rio G pfd.. 200 66 65 s ; 6»I
Erie 12.700 2714 20«i 274 I
Erie 1st pfd 1.20O 6« 7 8 6C«j W», |
Erie 2d pfd 2.3«W 40 4.S4 49i t |
Great North pfd.. 100 1€> 1W 1CS
Hocking Valley 40O 70% 70 70 t
Hocking Val pfd... 200 824 M e2
Illinois Central «K> 12»»i 128* 129V* i
Iowa Central 1.700 21 '.% 204 21*« |
Iowa Central pfd. 100 37 37 39 t
K C Southern 300 1S% IS 18V t
K C Southern pfd.. 200 U3S 324 33
Louis £.- Nash 2.W» 101»% 101 ' 101S •
Manhattan L 4,200 140 13»«i 13»H
Metropolitan St Ry 700 115 1144 114H J
Misn & Si Louis.. 300 Ci) 55 54$'
Missouri Padflc..'.. 4.700 fi>>4 WH fct>%
Mis. Kan &. Tex.. 1.7u0 17 J«4 17
M. K &. T pfd 900 36>4, 25'<r 4 Zi\
Ntl RR Mex p'd.. 1(» 38 36 36*. i
New Tcrk Central. 1.800 1174 11«4 117
Norfolk & Western. »C0 55^ 55 55^
Nor & We« pfd S34
Ontario A Western. 1,000 20*4 20 2i>N I
Pennsjlvania 74.50>> 114 112*; 113 4 f
P. C, C & St Louis 55 *
Readies 21,500 40% 2»»i 404 |
Reading 1st pfd 75 l.
Reading 2d pfd 300 87 B« 67 :
Rock Island Co 7.S0O 23* s 22*-^ 23^4
Rock Island Co pfd 300 63 68^4 69 C
Et L & S F w
StL & SF 1st pfd .. . ' «0
SO. & SF 2d pfd 43
St Lcuis S W 300 13 13 13
ft Louis S W pfd.. SO Z0K SOU 304
i5f«4 200 137N 1364 137%
« Paul pfd 200 1734 1734 173
Southern PaciSc... 10.500 42S 41?« 42V1
southern Railway.. 4.000 1S«4 17«i lgii
Southern Ry pfd... 2.200 75 74 744
Texas & Pariflc 700 2314 23 22%
Ipitf^: IS l\* MjSXL
Cnloo Pac-.Cc 17.300 72 71^ 72
JR haling & L E.. em \zu. 15 151?
Central:: 4.200 17* i5« 164
Express Ccmpanies— -
Adams „.„
American ri*
United States "•* JJS
Wells Fargo "* \™
Miscelianeoua— lsi
AmalCoiper H.AOO 39U 377; 3.c T i
Amer Car t Found. l.w» ]9^ „'' fga?
Amer C 4r F rfd.. 200 <££ W
American Lin Oil.. .. * c^ q^»
Amer L!n O pfd.. . * •¦••' ••.- »
American Loco ... 200 iisi i-iu A?v
Amer Loco pfd ... . ~* }'** l\lfr
Amer Smelt & Ref. $06 «' " a*u. i^iT
Amer S 4 Ref pfd. ... ** % *££
Amer Sugar Ref .. 10.900 11614 ns'tL {fit?
Anaconda Min Co -. rr 7 * «I
Brook:>-n Rap Tran 2.C ; <> 3S^ h« ~ v
Colo Fuel & Iron.. MO 2«5 S U
Columbus * H Coal ... . * "'*» 7^
Consolidated Gaa.. 200 176*4 1T«U 176U
Gen Electric 500 151* I5 i * \£*
Inter Paper COO 114 104 n
Inter Paper pfd *" iu * "
Inter Pump ' '"" "'^
Inter Pump pfd '" •£>
NaUonal Biscuit .. 100 siii iii'' ~
National Lead .... 100 ,{ 11 * 11
North American .. 100 70 -n -i
PaciSc Mall $00 2QSi 25 Mtt
People's Gas 2.200 93 9354 ST-
Pressed Fteel Car. . 700 2S °s : *
Pressed Steel C pfd "V 5 * "?„
Pullman Pal Car ". n Xn
Republic Steel ; - J 2
Republic Steel pfd. 1.200 50" 49" Ak
Rubber Goods 100 lrjTi ,£« Z^
Rubber Goods pfd.. R00 70 ea in'*
Tean Coal & Iron.. 400 2sa; «v-ii Ai T ,
TJ S Leather 1.0»0 -\1 * 7 2 -3
V B Leather pfd..: 2,«» 7?^ -4" ,'2*
U.S Rubber 100 ssi gai ei*
i: S Rubber, pfd I* -^
US Steel 13,700 11 i(w ?^ T ,
T7 S Steel pfd 83,000 51*4 51U r,i«2
Western Union . . . . 100 S4 84 fX
' Total shares Bold.43S.C00
UNITED RAILROADS OF SAN FRANCISCO.
NEW YORK. Nov. IS.— Bond transactions.
United Railroads , :t Eaa Francisco 6000 at
$76 75. M&BJ01
NEW. YORK BONDS.
C S ref 2». reg... 106%] Hocking Val 4%s.l«5*4
Do coop 10»i«i I, A N un 4s.... 8 g*
Do 3s, rtg 1074|Mnhtn en gold 4s. 1024
Do coupon...... 1074 j Mexican Cen 4s.. 71*?
Do new 4s reg.l34U Do 1st Inc...... 3314
Do coupon 134»-i;Minn & St L 4s.. 97
Do old 4s, reg..ll04!M. K A T 4s 8S
Do coupon 1104! Do 2ds 73
Do 5a, reg 101 *« Ntl RR Mex con4s 754
Do coupon 101V.N Y Cen gen 34s Wii
Atchleon gen it.. 09V N J Cen gen 5s..l29V4
Do adj 4s...... e6^4 Northern Pac 4s.. 101 fci
Atlantic C L 4e.. 92%} Do 3«..;.. -....;. 70S
Bait ft Ohio 4s..IOO»4 N & Wcon 4s.... 97-
Do 34s... 64% JO S L 4s aad part 1'U;
Central ot Oa 6e. .103?4jPenn conv 34s.. 85
Do let Inc.... 62 Reading gen.4s.~. »7
Ches & Ohio 44S.1014 StL & IM con 5s. 110*4
Chi ie. Alton 34s. 734 StL tc 8F fg,4s.; 61%
C, B i Q new 45. OS*. St L SW lets.... »2
C. M&EtP gen 4a 109 Seaboard A L 4c. 704
C U N W con 7s. 130 St Southern Pac 4s.; S7l 4
C. R I fc P RP. it 71 Southern Ry Ss..ll2«i
C.RI4P RR col &a 72H Tex 4 Pac lsts.U17-
CCC * StL gen 4s »« T. St L & • W 4s. 71
Chi Term 4s 7« Union Pacific 4s.*.lP2«i
Con Tobacco 4s... MU Do conv 4s. ....'83*4
Colo A. South 4s.. SA V S fiteel 2d 6e..l«7as
Den i Bio G 4«.'D0 Wat&sh l»t« 112'i
time, chiefly oa account of the recurrent pres
sure upon United States Steel preferred. This
stock was carried down to SO 1 -*, eoon after the
prfhenihre upward movement in the final deal
ing*, which carried prices to the highest level
of the Jay. where they closed. Net gains of
from 1 to 2 points are the general result.
The market showed hesitation from time to
A tlgJi trafi* authority cf New Tort, s?«ak
lr.g of th# carrert busies* e'.rtiation, says:
"It !j calta cpobab:* that the crisis in the
»t#*i trad* fcas now be*r. paawl and that im
proved coailiUona can be r^apcr.ab.y exp*ctM.
&C iron U aeilJRg at oejrtr J10 M °T**«
r-«rnt high level, cr. in i*rt. below P" 5 *;'
cort of redaction. Prl^. of finished product.
have also been ¦fcarpty reiaced. aad at th«
r-w ana • more BtatoU 1-vel mar.y c< «"*^
•which were held la f^pe=f« will now b
r'a^ed. Bv exter-slve economies ana cost re
g£& St bte S-> Ccpjration may be
able to partially crsti the decline in .jU^-g
HS
•An un»aturact->rj' feature ia tne grew; g
the tog siie of cotton in the
<ir» C adren* renditions. It may be true
that the American crop wia not be a particu
larly large one. bst the rrice is already very
h'th and isarafacturers find no profit with
cri'tcc tt 11 cents. Even with a reduction m
the co»t of wages, inade necessary by cotton
r-»cul«t:o=. It is unlikely that tie demand for
the staple will be Smrroved *o long as cry
rood* buyers persist in refusteg to take hold,
as they now do. Consumers by effecting a
l-.ttle «ce=o=iv can easily lessen the demand
fcr eottcn goods a=d «o defeat the excessive
ri«« in cotton. Ia any event, the present
speculation ia cotton U not a wholesome
feature. ,
*Tne r»neral bcsteeM situation 1> sound.
A cocserv-attve disposition la shown every
where and this is an Important eafee-uard.
Oa the Stock Exchange the outlook is conflict
!r.g. Ccniitics* are growing istrtr.sicaily bet
ter: and. though spell* cf liquidation seem
lir.sr.inest *tiH the market »how« stronger re
eisting Qualities aad more rallying power when
occasion permits." —/(,.-.--
The Business Situation.
MHXSTUFFlS — Prices in packages are as fol
lows: Graham Flour, $3 25 per 100 lbs; Rye
Flour, $3 25; Rye Meal, $3; Rice Flour, J7;
Corn Meal. $3 25; extra cream do. $4; Oat
Groats, $4 50; Hominy. $*@4 25; Buckwheat
Flour. $4 50^4 75; Cracked Wheat. *3 75; Fa
lina. f4 50; Whole Wheat Flour. $3 50: P.olled
Oats, bfcls. $7 25S8 60; in sacks, $6 73@S 10;
Pearl Barley. $6; Split Peas, boxes, $7; Green
Peas, $5 50 per 1C0 lbs.
FLOUR — California Family Extras. $4 60®
4 Si. usual terms; Bakers' Extras. $4 60®4 «0;
Oregon and Washington. $3 00ig4 20 per bbl for
Family and $3 <Kk54 40 for Bakers'.
Flour and Millstufis.
Open. High. Low. Close.
May... $107 $107 $107 $107
Deeemtxtr -.108^ 100^ 1 0S% , 1 0S%
OATS — Quiet and featureless j at previous
prices. Etodcg are ample.
White. $1 20^1 32&; Black, $1 40®l 62tf;
Red. $1 2031 25 for feed and $1 2501 35 for
seed: Gray. $1 22>4t?l 274 P«r ctl.
CORN — Continues weak; with plenty here to
satisfy the slack demand.
Western sacked. Jl 30@l 324 for Tellow.
$1 30©l 324 for White and $1 25®1 3O for
mixed; California large Tellow. $1 30@l 33;
small round do, $1 4Ogl 60; White, $1 25«1 30
per ctl.
RTE— $1 25©1 SO p*r ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— $2 2&§2 50 p«r ctL
Open. High. Low. Close.
December ..$110% $1 10^i $1 »% $1 0»H
May 1 08 1 OS 1 07*i 1 07»*
2 p. m. Session.
FTTTURES.
Session 9 to 11:30 a. m.
Feed. $1 12H£1 135J; Shipping and Brew
ing, $1 17««1 22^; Chevalier. $1 2G©1 43 for
fair to choice.
Open. High. Low. Closw.
May .$134 $134 $133^ $133^
December ..133 1 35H 1 34% • 1 34;4
BARLEY — Predicted rain gave th» market
a weak ton* and both cash grain and futures
were lower. Some holders of Peed still held
out for $1 15. but nobody would pay It
CASH BARLET.
2 p. m. Session.
Open. High. Low. Close.
December ..$1 35^ $1 36Vi $1 354 $1 85*;
May 1S5 1 S5 1 81 l 34
FUTURES. |
Session 9 to 11:30 a. ra
California Club. $1 40@l 45; California White
Australian. $1 50f?l 55; Northern Club. $1 40®
1 42%: Northern Blueatem. $1 50-31 53; Oregon
Valley. $1 4OS1 45 per ctl.
CASH WHEAT,
Chicago was higher but quiet There was
a very fair domestic demand and the senti
ment was bullish. The Northwest reported a
big Klour demand and smaller receipts. -.The
export inquiry was slow.
In this market the ehlppers ar>» doing noth
ing but the millers and feeders are steady
buyers at . full figures. Futures wer«» flrm in
the morning, but declined In the afternoon.
WHEAT— Liverpool futures were hlg-her and
Paris futures firm.
Wheat and Other Grains.
WASHINGTON. Nov. 13.— Robert J.
Wynne, First Assistant Postmaster
General, in his" annual report to the
Postmaster General, recommends 'that
Congress authorizo the clerk hire al
lowance* at all third-class postoffices.
This,, it Is estimated, would entail an
appropriation of $2,200,000.
Wynne recommends a new classifica
tion law for clerks in first and second
class postoSces, creating a number of
nevr positions and abolishing' the titles
of all clerks below the grade of fore
man, simply designating as "clerks"
employes whose duties ara purely
clerical.
It is recommended that the maximum
allowance for fuel and light at third
class postoSces be increased from $60.
as now fixed, to ISO per annum. A
lump appropriation o£ $20,000,000 Is
asked for clerks at first and second
class offices, instead of segregating
this appropriation into grades of clerks.
During the year the domestic. money
orders issued amounted to 1353.621,64 s *.
and the excess of receipts from this
source over expenses paid from the
proceeds was J1.394.SSS.
The receipts at the dead letter ofSce
of mail matter of all classes and from
all sources, which could not be deliver
ed, deciphered or were unmailable.
were 10.153.52S pieces, an increase of 8%
per cent-
Wynne urges legislation to abolish
the private letter-box abuse In the
large cities: to prevent the boycotting
of postoffices because of political dif
ferences, petty Jealousies, etc!; to pun
ish the use of a postmarking stamp for
any unlawful purpose; to absolutely
bar inflammable matter from the mails
and to further restrict the- mailing of
disease Verms.
The Korea took out for Hongkong a treasure
list of $S6,406. consisting of $77*1 in Mexican
Dollars. $3223 In gold coin and $75,400 in sil
ver bullion. v - ,
Sterling Exchange, olxty days.... — $4 W)^
Sterling Excbacg-. slsht _ 4 84^
Fterllng Exchange, cables ...... _ 485%
New York Exchange, sight ...... — 02H
New Tork Exchangr, telegraphic. — 05
Silver, per oun<v» : _ 6«?4
Mexican Dollars — 45
Silver, -ITexlcan Dollars and Sterling Ex
change are higher. Domestic Exchange re
mains as before. - , . ; .
Exchange and "Bullion.
lower grades; Young Americas, 13314c; East
ern 15»4^16',4c; Western. 14<?15e per lb.
EGGS — Ranch. COc for choice ' and 37 H@
42 *ri c for small and mixed colors; store, nomi
nal; cold storage, 27 g 30c; Eastern. 25g^Sc for
cold storage. ' . . ZV~* ',
The scarcity In^ggs continues and- dealers
can get about what" they choose to aek'for
fresh n»nch. Some of them ask Mijc. but the,
great majority of the' trade are satisfied with
POc. Eastern and domestic cold storajce. as
already mentioned, are • symoathettxlng with
ranch and are firm and in good demand. : • . -
Cheese is tending downward, the market be
ing unable to hold up > under the heavy sup
plies. The, demand is etlll slack. '-•¦•¦? ¦'¦
Butter has not changed • for some days, and
Is steady with ample suoplies. -
Receipts were 20. SOO lbs Butter. 623 caaea
Eggs and 4600 lbs Cheeee. '-• 1 -
BUTTER — Creamery. Sie32*4e for extras
and 26029c for seconds:- dairy. 21©25c; store
Butter, 17',4@19c; cold storage. 24828c; East
ern, 23«25c per lb. :
CHEESE: — 12©12Hc for the general market.
13c for select mild new and llfillHc ¦ for
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
Assistant Postmaster Wynne
Recommend3 Congress to
Authorize Funds.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
Sf.ifmcKt of $86,406 in specie to Hongkong.
Wall street stocks higher mi the day.
Local stocks and bonds quieter again.
Whrct quiet end unchanged. Barley lozver.
Oats steady, Com zveak and Rye dull.
Hay Association issues its semi-annual statement of stocks.
Bran end Middlings steady, with lighter receipts.
Bezr.s unsettled, with rather more inquiry reported.
Eggs still scarce and firm at the high prices.
Butter steady. Cheese lower and p lentiful.
Provisions continue to lag in ail positions.
Cattle, Sheep and Hogs unchanged.
Coal receipts from Australia promise *o be much lighter.
Good Potatoes and Onions continue in excellent demand.
Poultry and Game clean up well at good prices.
Market for Fresh Fruit in good shape for sellers.
'
' TACOMA. Nov. IS.— Wheat, unchanged;
blue stem, 79c; club. 75c ..
WA SHINGTON.
Northern; Wheat' Market.
PORTLAND. . Nov. 18.— Wheat— Wall* Wal
la, 73c; blue stem, 77c; valley. 77©7Sc.
OREGON,
New Designation Sug
gested for Third Class
Postal Employes.
Erie prior lisa 4s. 85%! Do deb B 56
Do gen 4e 83% Wheel & L E 4s. 85%
Ft W & D C lst.106 JWlsconsln Cen 4i. 89
NEW YORK MINING STOCKS. %
Adams Con 09 Ontario ...........6 CO
Alice 14 Ophir - ....1 25
Breece 10 Phoenix w»
Corastock Tunnel.. CJfPotosl 08
Con Cal A Va SS Savage 11
Hom Silver 1 00 Sierra Nevada..;.. 22
Iron Silver 1 70 Small Hopes-...;. 15
Leadvllle Con 02 Standard 2 00
Little Chief... 0«i
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Honey— Do pfd... RH
Call loans 5 ©*5 West'house Ccm.. 65
Time loans 6%6'<J Mining — '¦'..-"*
Bonds — Adventure 3%
Atchiscn4s ... 98% Allouea 4
I Mexican Cen 4s.. 68 Amalgamated ... 8-3%
I • Rtilrcada-i- v Blngham 21
• Atchlson 64?i Calumet A Heda.430
Do pfd 80S Centennial ..; 14*i
I Boston & Albany. 2-4S Copper Range.... 43 *»
Boston & Maine.. 170 {Franklin .... T^j
Boston El*vatea..l40 ! Isle Royale S •
N V. NH & K...185 iMohawk 35H
FItehburg pfd 136 jOld Dominion 8^i
T'nicn Pacific 71% Oeceola 57
Mexican Central.. 5tJ!P 8r rot • 17^
Miscellaneous — Quincy 60
Amer Sugar 119 Santa Fe Copper. 1U
Do pfd mmTamarack 75
Amer Tel & Tel. 115 iTrinity 5H
J Dominion I & S.. 8 hi United States 17%
I General Electric. .119^ Utah 27
j Mass Electric 17 I Victoria ,. 22
Do pfd 70 jWinona 7%
United Fruit 97^.Wolverin« ....... C5
U S Steel 10V
WOULD CALL THE
ATTACHES CLERKS
EEAT .TT* E Xi^* oir - 13.— Clearings, $705,296; bal
ances, 1141.656.; .
TACOMA/Nov/ 13.— Clearings, $391,825; bal
ances. $57,627. .... . . :
PORTLAND. _Nov. 18.— Clearing.. $573,2S6;
balances. $70,032.
SPOKANE,' No>v." 18-— Clearings, $336 135
balances, $43,434. .-=. ,.
Northern Business.
at 99 54 and Broilers at $4 50. Receipts of lo
cal stock were - more liberal ' than on tha pre
ceding day.- but the . market ruled steady for
all descriptions and prices * were unchanged.
There . was a better demand for live . Turkeys
and prices ranged higher. "A few - small ¦ con
signments, of dressed nock came In and sold
at previous prices. _
Game arrived freely and cleaned up quickly
ucder a •¦ steady demand. : Hare , and . aeveral
kinds of Ducks .were quoted higher.
POULTRY — Dressed Turkeys. 20@23c per lb;
live Turkeys. 18820c per lb; Geese, per pair,
SI 7562: Goslings. $2£2 25; Ducks, $4 60^
6 50 per dozen- for old and $5 5006 50 ' for
young; Hens." $5-g« for small aad $6 501J7 50
for large; young Roosters. - $5 5088 CO; - old
Roosters, ¦ $5<85 50; Fryers. * $51f5 50; Broilers,
$3 50-34 50 for ¦ lars<* aad $353 50 for small ;
Pigeons. $161 25 per dozen' for old, and! $2-£>
2 25 'for Souabs. * --:?•¦
GAME—Mallard Ducks. $4@5 50 per dozen.
Canraeback $4§7: Sprig, $2 50«4: Teal. $2;
Widgeon. $2: small Ducks. $1 75; Gray Gee«e.
$3- White Geese. $1©1 50; Brant. SI 25 for
email and $2 for large: Honkers. $5 for large
and $3 50 for small; English Snipe. $3; com
mon Snipe. $1 75; Wild Doves, $1'25; Rabbits.
$1 75 for Cottontails and $1 25 for Brueb; Hare.
$1 2561 50.
- SUGAR — The -Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes as follows, per lb. In 100- lb bags:
Cubes. A ' Crushed and Flee Crushed. 5.S5c:
Powdered. 5.70c; Candy Granulated. 5.70c; Dry
Granulated, fine. 5.60c; Dry Granulated, ccarsa
5.60c; Fruit Granulated. 5.00c; Beet Granu
lated (10O-lb bags only). 5.40c: Confectioners*
A -5.60c: Magnolia A. 5.20c; Extra C. 5.10c;
Golden C. 5c; "D." 4.90c; barrels. 10c more;
half barrels. 23c more; boxes. 50c more; SO-lb
barn. 10c more for ail - kinds. Tablets — Half
barrels, 6.10c; boxes. 6.35c; H. & E. Crystal
Dominos. 8.50c per lb. No orders taken for
lesa t>i»n seventy- five barrels or its equivalent.
OILr— Unseed. , 49c for boiled and 47s for
raw in barrels; cases 5c more; Caster Oil. la
caaes. No. 1. 70c: Baker*' AA. $1 10#l 12;
Lucol. 44c for boiled and 42c for raw. In bar
rels; Lard. OIL extra winter strained, barrels.
85c;. cases. 90c; China Nut. 55Q70c per gal
lon: pure Neatsfoot. in barrels, 73c; 'ease*;
80c; Sperm, pure. 75c: Wfcal« Oil. natural
white. oO^SSe per gallon; Fish Oil. In barrets.
60c; casea. 55c; Cocoanut Oil. in barrels. 55c
for Ceylon and 55c for Australian. *
COAL, OIL— Water White Coal Oil la bulls.
15 Vic; Pearl Oil In cases, 22c; Astral. 22c;
Star. 22c; Extra. Star. 26c; Elaine. 2Sc: Eocene,
22c: deodorized Stove Gasoline, ia bulk. - 17c;
in cases. 23%c; Benalne, in bulk. 13c; in cases.
l&4c; 86-degree Gasoline, in bulk. 21c; In
cases. 27 «4c.
TURPENTINE — SOo per gallon la cases aad
74c in drums and iron barrels.
RED AND WHITE LEAD— R*J Lead. 6%9
7c ' per lb; White Lead, 6%S7c, according to
quantity.
Mountain descriptions, 111 45 per 2000 Iba and
$12 80 per long ton.' according to brand.
' Harrison's circular says: ••Since the steam
ship Sierra left Users have been the following
arrivals of Australian "Coal, namely: Crown
of Denmark. 3070 tons; Bidston Hill. 340O tons:
Gal?at». 3469 tons; Arxaio*. 2S00 tons: Hut ton
Hall. 3194 tons: Oregon, 1977 tons; Sonoma. 290
tone; Ascents. 2S70 tons: Lafayette. 2709 tons:
Marechal Suchet. 2S92 tons; Cralgern*. 3060
tons; Inverness. 3104 tons:: General For. 3»*X>
tons: total. 36.794 tons. There are fifteen coai
laden vessels now en route from Austral ta (but
one vessel loading), and the total carrying- ca
pacity of these sixteen vessels ts about M.0Q0
tens. 'It Is anticipated. that' all of 'the above
named vessels will arrive here prior to Jan
uary 15, 1904. when th« duty oa foreign coal
may b* renewed, and as the outward grain
freights from -the Colonies .to* Euroce are so
much in excess of the asking rates from here,
it is a natural Inf erence to suppose that coal
shipments this way will entirely cease: it can
safety be predicted that for the first hart of
the incoming year oar local coal supplies will
be furnished from the coast collieries alan*. It
Is figured. that the output of the oil wells In
California will reach this year In the vicinity
of 20.000.000 barrels: of coarse a Urge propor
tion of this is being refined, and considerable
is exported, yet It can be assuredly estimated
that it »s a disturbing factor in the consump
tion of coal. The outlook Is encouraging for
the maintenance of present values, particularly
eo for coals suitable for domestic uses."
light fine/ 15€M7%c; heavy , flao," 12 £14 He; tub
washed. 2Og30c ¦ ; • - , . . ', V
THE SAKFRAKCI^J-C^LL; THURSDAY, NOVEMBER 19, 1903.
LOCAL MARKETS.
•S70OC MARKET.
ST. LOUIS.; Not. , IS.— Wool. . nominal : me
dium rra^ea ' combin g and i clothing, ¦: 17£21%c:
St. Louis Wool Market.
The first : ear of Western " Poultry for the.
. week •.¦was ' on sals and : cleaned , up i wetUv Hens
and: Rooster* sold up to 57 per dozen. Fry«ra
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
11
WATCH IOE THE
BEAU Til' UL TICTUltES
Hf THE BIO
THANXSGIVINO
EDITION,
fNEXT SUNDAY CALLTHE SAN FBANCISCO JCALL, THURSDAY; NOVEMBERS 19, l_»_»3.
12
HORSES AND .WAGONS.
A LOT "of cheap horses, wagons, carts, bug-
giee and harness at Fifteenth and Shotwell
«ta. ; closing out. 1140 Folsom st.
HARNESS~and~saddles. the best for the money,
at JEPSEN BROS. CO.. inc.. the big store.
1145-1147 Market wt.. San Francisco.
TOP wagon. $60; big ranch mare, $50; buggy,
$15; cart. $12 50; wagon. *25. 79 City Hall
ave.
WILL call and clip your horses at your stahje.
Address 79 City Hall ave.
MUST be sold at a sacrifice ; 3 good hones.
S27 Sixth «t.
Al EXPRESS wagon light camples; w _go_
and gocart for sale 'cheap. S32 Mlaslon st
Largest —secrtmt 2-hand wagons, buckb'd. sor-
rey.harnejji. work. driving horse-. 13th-y--*encta
HOUSES FCHSUHE0— FOR HALK.
$900—12 ROOMS, beautifully furnlsKed: near
transfer corner; rent $57 50. 1421 California.
HOUSES TO LET^
A — PRINTED list of houses to let; send for cir-
cular. G. H. UMBSEN &. CO.. 14 Montgomery.
A — HOUSES and flats to let; aa Immense l!»t;
service absolutely free; take advantage oi
this department; it will save you time and
trouble. Cordes Furniture Co.. 245-259 Geary
St., on the square.
HOUSE. 13C3 Waller st.; S rooms, bath and
billiard-room; modern: rent $30.
BEFORE moving get our printed list of houses
to let. BALDWIN „ HOWELL. 28 Post st.
LOST A.MJ FOISD.
— - LOST. ~~~
At football grounds, or between there and
Junction of Market and Taylor, a gen-
tleman's purse containing money and large
diamond ring. 1 diamond shirt stud, 1 plain
gold ring, etc. Finder please return to 329
Sansome st. and receive $300 reward, includ-
ing money and purse.
LOST — Lady's gold watch; monogram A. S..
with beaded fob: the young man in company
with young lady, who Is known to have
found same on Tuesday 5:45 narrow gaugo
boat will kindly return samo to A
SCHLEUTEIt. 1158 Washington st.. Oakland
and receive reward.
SATURDAY evening, between Powell and Ma-
son sta.. or at Techau Tavern, an umbrella,
gold and porcelain handle, initials L. M. H.
and miniature head on handle. Finder will
receive reward for the return of same to 020
Hayward building.
LOST — Between Third and Fourth sts.. on
Mission, Monday evening, one bead purse
sontainlng money and receipts and watch ;
"Julie Chardon" engraved In back of watch.
Liberal reward at 1141 H Mtselon st.
LOST— Sapphire and diamond ring, on Mon-
day: liberal reward. JOS. TYSON. « Cah-
forsla «t.
LOST — A Masonic emblem and mounted shark's
tooth. Return to Park View Hotel and re-
celve liberal reward.
LOST — A pair of pearl opera glasses driving
from Presidio to Dark. Finder return to 1303
Stockton st.: receive reward.
LOST — Saturday evening, on Market st.. small
roll of plans. Please return to 390 Page
s_; reward, f ' -
LOST— Nov. 18. brown and white collie do-.
Return to 2000 Broadway and receive reward.
LOST— Gold watch fob. Return to 14 San-
some st.. rocrq 40: liberal reward.
IT will pay to "Remember" that the California
Watch Case Co.. 220 Sutter St.. needs old
roH and «Hver to make nt* wvrti_____
MEDICAL.
MRS. DR. WYETH, specialist fcr all female
complaints: Instant relief guaranteed; 30
years' experience; removed to S26 Post St.
MRS. tR. KOHL, reliable specialist for all fe-
male rroubies and irregularities; instant re-
llef gvaranteed. 1008'fr Market St.. opp. 8th.
VALFEAU'S female pills; best resul_ting P»ls
¦old; price $2 50 by express. Pasteur's
syinge and tablets; price $2 50. By express
only on receipt of price. OSGOOD BROTH-
ERS, wholesale druggists. Seventh and
Eroadway. Oakland.
DR. G. W. O'DONNELLi — AH who are sick or
In trouble consult this specialist on female
complaints; positively corrected; the unfortu-
nate helped; the most difficult. cases treated;
advice free. Pfflce. 1013 Market st.
Drs. Goodwin, 733 Turk. nr. Van Ness^ — Expert
In obstetrics, female complains: inat. relief;
treatment $10: hours. 10 to 5; C5 yrs. exper.
MR3. D. ALLEN. HIS Market— Reliable ladles-
specialist; a private home before and during
confinement; best medical care; low fees.
DR. and MRS. DAVIE3 and HINDOO HERBS;
original method of treatment. ' 1126 Market st.
DR. ROSEN resides 2905 Folsom St.. cor. 26th;
ladles, relief or no fee; $10.
DR. NO TOY KEE. 319 Powell st, opposite
Union square: all diseases cured by herbs.
MILLINERY.
LADIES — 200 stylish hats to select from; lease
sold, must vacate February 1, 1304: save
money by calling on MMB. DOSCH. 20? Poat.
MISCELLANEOUS— -FOR SALE.
BOILERS, engines 2d-hand machinery. McIN-
TOSH & WOLPMAN. 195-197 Fremont st.
DOES YOUR ROOF LEAK?
Repair tt with elaterlte; In rolls easy to lay:
needs no painting or coating; good over old
Iron tin or shingles: best for new roofs.
ELATERITE P.OOFING CO.. 713 Market nX.
ID-HAND machinery, boilers, engines, pumps.
pulleys, shafting, etc.. etc.. bought, sold.
rented and exchanged; see Sunday papers.
H. S. WHITE M'CH'Y Co.. 130-132 Beaie St.
A — Fine suits $7 CO; dress pants. $2 5a Origi-
nal Misfit Clothing Parlors. 23.8 Kearny st..
near Bush; open to'» p. m.; Sunday to noon.
A— $3 50 DERBY and Fedora hats. $1 73. Pop-
ular Price Hatters, 330 Kearny St.. near
Pine; open till 9 p. m. Sunday to noon.
A — BUYS, sells or rents gear machinery, en-
gines, boilers water pipe shafting, pulleys,
etc. WHITELAW. 253-255 Spear s_
2 72x16 HORIZONTAL tubular botlers. front
and all fittings. TRACY ENGINEERING
CO., 151 Fremont st.. San Francisco.
TYPEWRITERS, slightly used, sold at cost:
new Und».-wood visible typewriter catalog
eent free. R. E. Revalk & Co.. San Francl»co.
TRY our men's shoes at $1 and $1 50 pair;
foot-form shoes at $2 50: we pay express
charges. 11 3d st. Exam, bid.: catalog, free.
EIGHTEEN yards best quality ___t tan taf-
feta silk 50c yard. Box 45S6, Call office.
BILLIARD table, Brunswick- Balke make; al-
most new; 4xS. Baldwin Annex.
Printing office. 3 CAP. presses, motor cutter,
type, fixtures; doing good business. 29S6. Call.
SAFES— New and second hand. THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO.. 307 Battery st.
FOR sale— Steam boiler. 42xli! Pioneer Tal-
' low Works. Seventeenth and Carolina sts.
A VERY fine diamond heart for $210 at W. J.
HESTHAL'S. 10 Sixth st.
3. « AND 10 hp.' gasol'ne engines; 2d-hand; all
tlzcs: new. E. B. BECK *______________
NEW and second hand machinery of all -ia JS -
KROOH MNFQ. CO.. 819 Market st.
MOVING pictures magic lanterns, sale, rental!
bargains. Bullard & Breck. 131 Post st. _
MILES o* pipe and fittings; all sizes. E^*
" GENE RILEY & SONS. 109 Vallejg »*.
MOVING picture film and song slides. 109
Montgomery st. '-*i__-_ -
SAFES— New and second hand. K. B. BECK
A CO.. 122 Market at.
All bargains ;camp stools and chalrs_ham-oeli(i.
metal beds.mattresa^.J.F.H^tter^^ Mlaslon.
Edison phonographs, records. » u W u f > ' < J?°_T5
picture machines, films. Bacigalupl. 933 Mkt.
GASOLINE engines, automobiles and launches*
all sizes. J. E. DOAK. 46 Fremont st.
ASK for prices on second-hand typewriters : all
makes. ALEXANDER & CO.. HO Monty-y.
MISCELLASKOT3 AVAVTS.
BOOKS and libraries bourn L H. C HOLMES.
1149 Market st: phone Jessie 3. 41. or postal.
I PAY hlshest prices for all *«nda 1 of ca»t-off
clothing? send postal. XtORRIS. 870 Folsom.
TILTON wants good second-hand clothing *nd
theatrical goods. 134 Pt- at - » '*«*•' J<*»l« 2S3I.
A BIG price paid, for sealskins: send poaUL
2.t Stockton »t : phone Bush 4S4.
MOXEY TO LOA5.
AAA ~ HEHMA: <JO1 -61C-603 Examiner building.
Quick settlements; no disappointment.
Save expenses by dealing directly.
Estates second mortgages. ' undivided Inter-
ests assignments cf. rents, property in trust,
etc* legacies, life estates. and un divide- in-
terests in property purchased. f
-.-Courteous treatment. '- Strictly confidential.
When You Need Money
See HERMAN MURPHY.
ADVANCES on furniture - and pianos without
removal: to permanent salaried people on
. their note without security or knowledge of
employer; lowest rates: no comiuisolon. NA-
TIONAL CREDIT CO.. 68 and _» De_o_je
bu!ldlo_. 1170 Market st.
ATTORNEY-AT-LAW^—Contlnncd.
ADVICE FREE.
OLD ESTABLISHED.
COLUMBIAN LAW & COLLECTION" AGENCY
Able attorneys. Rm. 85. 916 Market, opposite
Emporium. Bad tenants ejected speedily and
reasonably. Collections, no matter how small,
attended to; attachments; bonds furnished; cor-
porations organized; civil and criminal practice.
Tel. John C220. Open evenings by appointment.
We solicit an interview with you. . ¦ •
ROBT. W. KING, alty-at-law. Examiner bid-
room 611; all cases, damages, estates, wills,
attachments, collections, etc., consultation
free; no advance charges; call or write;
evenings by appointment. Tel. Red 3601.
DIVORCE costs $12; quick and quiet; open
evenings. Examiner building, room 31B.
1_ 6 CLARK. Emma Spreckels bldg., 927 Mar-
ket st.; consultation free; no fees in advance.
DIVORCE costs $12; open evenings; tenants
ejected. $5. 916 Market, r. 52; phone Black 631
ADVICE free; no charge unless successful; all
law business. W. W. Davidson. 927 Market.
UlRDS. DOGS. ETC. *
WARBLING canaries, talking parrots; all
kinds of song and fancy birds; goldfish, seed
cages, etc. Give us a trial; we will please
you. 1546 Market si. .
BUSINESS CHANCES.
»¦ ¦ l.___w .¦ . ..I...-— W „¦ -.—>¦___.¦
R. G. WILKE. Real Estate and Business
Agent (established 14 years). 26ft Keamy
.St., rooms 9 and 10.
A $1600 coffee saloon and restaurant on
the water front, close to Market St.; dally
receipts about $65; business clearing $300 per
month; trial given; a splendid offer; investi-
gate at once. See R. G. WILKE. 26 H
Kearay; st.
A — $3500; HOTEL and barroom with 30 rooms,
in Point Richmond; rent $100; rooms always
occupied by employes of railroad and Stand-
ard Oil Company; board bill guaranteed by
companies; owner never dears less than $300
per month. Call R. G. WILKE, 26% Kear-
ny st. ' ________
A— $900; SALOON on water front, with 8 fur-
nished rooms; 8 iron bedsteads In each
room: 2% years' lease; rent $35; rooms alone
pay $70 per menth and saloon doing a good
business. See R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny.
A— $400- CIGAR etand. close to Market st.:
stock will invoice the price; dally receipt-
$15: rent $30. Call R. G. WILKE. 26%
Kearny st. -
A — CIGAR stand close to Market and E11U
Bts.; good will: $700 stock at invoice: rare
chance; best business location. Call R. G.
WILKE. 26% Kearny st. _____
A— $1050; STATIONERY and school supply
store on Geary st. : this etore Is kept by pres-
ent owrer 16 years and will stand closest
Investigation. Call R. G. WILKE. 26%
Kearny st.
A— $350; EMPLOYMENT office, doing a good
b—sinese; must be sold at once en account
of sickness In owner's family. Call R. G.
WILKE. 26% Kearny et. J
A— $40f0; ELEGANT and first-class saloon
close to Market st.; net rent $125; % years-
lease. Particulars R. G. WILKE, 26%
Kearny st.
A— $350; CIGAR stand on Third st.. dose to
Call building; a good paying stand. See
R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny St.
A— $2650; CORNER grocery and bar with 10
years' lease; rent $60: on leading business
street south of Market; place established
years. Particular- R. O. WILKE, 26%
Keamy gt. '
A— $1800; HALF interest In one of the best
corner saloons on water front: !ease; disagree-
ment of Dartners cause of sale; will sell
whole for $3400. Call R. G. WILKE, 26%
Kearny it.
A — $1250, CORNER saloon on Fourth St.. close
to E. P. freight eheds; 8 furnished rooms
and kitchen; a good oaylng business. See
,K. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny st.
A — $H00; DAIRY oroduce and delicatessen
store; rent $22: bustness clears above $109
per month: living rooms: value In sight.
Call R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny et.
A— $2000; SALOON on Kearny st., about 2 blocks
from Chronicle building; place established
years and doing a good business; or one part-
ner will sell his Interest for $1000; disagree-
ment cause of sale. See R. G. WILKE, 26%
Kearny st.
A— $1200, coffee saloon and bakery: close to
Phelan bldg.; a good-paying business, but
must be sacrificed on account of owner being
tick In hoMiital. Particulars R. G. WILKE,
26% Kearny «t.
A— LIGHT MANUFACTURING BUSINESS. .
A business man with $5000 ca^h can secure
interest In established business that will pay
him 100 per cent on his investment; closest
investigation solicited.
GERMANIA INVEST. CO.. 927 Market st.
FOR SALE— - ~
F— mlt— re, carpets and good will of a new
brick aDartment house of 175 rooms in the
city's ewellest locality; partly furnished, and
although Ju«t opened. Is over half filled with
regular tenants already; long lease. If you
want an apartment house, don't fall to get
particulars of this at rooms 1404 and 1405.
Call building.
A— MERCHANTS. ATTENTION.
Do you wish to enlarge your business, or do
you desire additional capital? If so. we can
furnish you with an active or silent partner
who will Invest from $100 to $50,000; we
have a large number of desirable applicants
on our book* reeking good business openings.
GERMANIA INVESTMENT CO.,
Suit 321. Emma Spreckels building.
$900 — SALOON: liveliest country town; 30
• miles from San Francisco; best corner -and
be&t equipped saloon in town; 5 living rooms
and 2 side rooms; rent $30; 2 years' lease.
Address box 3447. Call office.
A— GENERAL MERCHANDISE
STORE FOR SALE; a nice clean stock In the
best town In California; Invoice about $4000;
low r*>nt; long lease.
GERMANIA INVEST. CO.. 027 Market et.
WANTED — Energetic man. no experience re-
quired, with $1000 to $1500 cash, to share
equally In profits of established movins pic-
ture circuit; rare chance for pereon with
satisfactory . references. Novelty Theater,
- Oakland.
A— PARTNER WANTED.
A young man with 10 years' grocery experi-
ence In San Francisco desires to meet man or
woman who will Invest $2000 in the business;
hlshest references. ' . .
GEKMANIA INVEST. CO.. 027 Market et.
FOR SALE — A — " eii established harness busi-
ness in the thriving city of Chlco. For par-
ticulars call on L. D. STONE & CO., 417
Market St.. or write to box 2C3. Chlco.
A SAFE INVESTMENT.
$1000 cash and services secures half-Interest
in established installment house; Investment
secured and $50 weekly assured.
- GERMANIA INVESTMENT CO..
Suit 321. Emma Spreckels building.
PARTNER, small capital. In butcher shop do-
Ing good business: man fine habits; inveeti-
S-ate. Box 4588. Call. I
$20 RENT: SDace to let for bootblack stand.
Call 1173 Market st. between 12 and 1.
STRANGERS. ATTENTION!
Are you looking for a safe and profitable busi-
ness opening In San Francisco? If so, we can
offer you any number requiring an Investment
from $100 to $50,000; every bustness opportu-
nity that passes through our office must stand
the closest Investigation, and we can place
¦ you In a store, factory, hotel, mill, office, or.
in fact.- any business you may prefer; kindly
call and investigate. ' -
GERMANIA INVESTMENT CO..
Suit 321. Emma Spreckels building.
LODGING-HOUSES FOR SALE.
BRING TH1S~"CALL " AD WITH YOU^
MARION GRIFFIN, Established April 9. 18S5.
Room 406 "Examiner" building.
Phone Black 3607. Take elevator to 4th floor.
Strictly business methods. Up-to-date offices.
(100 ROOMS — OFFER WANTED.) .; : -
Big bargain; exclusive family hotel: one of
the best on the coast; handsome corner build-
ing; cleared $461 in October; private -baths;
splendid furniture; 5-year lease; cause, heart
trouble. - >-'.-* t
(18 ROOMS— $300.)
Enap; on sunny corner. 4 blocks north of Mar-
ket; full of men; cleared $75 last 5 weeks. •
(24 ROOMS—CLEARS J175.)
Transient house; downtown ; 24 .- rooms fur-
nished 3 -months ago with the best of every-
IlllllJ |lilt|||MIIMIIi 111 iflll || I|T |i|ll_llll|| | fLll | |
(16 ROOMS— SWELL.)
New, modern house of 1U rooms in high-toned
neighborhood; all bay-window rooms; on sunny
corner: ¦ Axmlnster carpets;' golden oak. folding
beds with large mirror fronts. ;
, (177 ROOMS— CLEARS $650.) ,
- A- bargain; a first-class, strictly modern,
fireproof apartment house; new 1 building; ele-
gant furniture; low rent, long lease; clears $650
month; owner, Is sick in bed. " •
(52 ROOMS— MORTGAGE SALE.)
New and modern; long lease; moderate rent;
very best furniture and carpets; excellent loca-
tion; only $1500 cash necessary; must be sold;
a big snap. ¦ M_apM__M_M__H|
(44 ROOMS— A MINT.)
. Actually cleared $438 in October; in center cf
city; . accurate accounts are kept: ¦ worth $8000
as an Income producer: will sell for $4500.
(10 ROOMS— $250.)
Sunny side, north 'of Market; rent $28; full.
(24 ROOMS— $1200.)
Near Market; rent $S0; banks $93 monthly.
(16 ROOMS— $S00.) . "-,V
Clean; rent $50: clears $57; all housekeeping.
Elegantly and artistically furnished fiat of 8
rooms; must be sold on account of leaving city;
cost $1000 last July; will sell for, $500; strictly
modern building; low - rent ; f three rooms bring
half the rent; beet location in the city.
MARION GRIFFIN. Room 400 Examiner bldg.
NICE 21-rbom bouse; ¦ downtown . location; « full
." of 1 steady roomers: clearing * $75 ¦- a"; month;
price : reduced ¦ from $2400 to $1000; - parties
leaving; the clty.__Mh__aHMB^BH£g__p_~~£e!
MARION, GRIFFIN," Room 406 Examiner bldg.
EMPLOYMENT WASTED — MALE.
FIRST-CLASS meat and pastry cook wants
situation' In hotel;- wages not less than $75
per, month. Box 3441. Call office. ,
WANTED — By first-class telegraph operator.
position with - private concern; good letters.
Address "Operator," box 29S1, Call office.
COACHMAN and gardener wishes a situation
private family; all round handy; best refer-
ences. -Box 3449, Call office.
PAINTER, paper hanger and plasterer wants
work; very cheap. WILLIAM HAPP. 434
Fulton St., near Octavia.
YOUNG man and wife would like to take care
of a small hotel or resort for winter; refer-
ences. Address box S49. Call office, Oakland.
A GOOD cook wants situation; restaurant, ho-
tel or boarding-house. Please call 658 Fol-
som st. .
A BARBER wants steady Job. Please address
THEODORE WUESTEMAN, care Charles
Tamm, 369 Bartlett St.. San Francisco.
WANTED — Work by elderly first-class car-
penter, day or contract; city or country; best
references. Box 2974, Call office.
POSITION wanted as collector, s-.lesman or
'' assistant bookkeeper by experienced and en-
ergetic man; city references. Box 3437, Call.
PROFESSIONAL photographer, with 7 years'
experience, desires situation. Address Pro-
fessional Photographer, box 3431, Call.
EXPERIENCED teamster, farm laborer and
woodchopper want's work. Box 2079, Call.
MAN wants situation as porter or utility man
about hotel. Address Porter, 614 Kearny st.
CHINESE.- good cook, wants place for family;
best references; city or country. 734A Jack-
son *t., room 21 ; phone China 14C, between
9 a. m. and 12 in.
YOUNG Japanese boy wishes situation • as
schoolboy or half day work. M. NON AKA,
S07 Polk St.,
JAPANESE bo/ wishes position as a school-
boy, ciay or country; speaks English. OGA-
WA. 60!) Bush st.
CHINESE, first-class cook, wants place; pri-
vate family. Address 921 Dupont st.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscription* received at
Call Branch office, cor. Duncan & Church sts.
FLATS TO : LET.
A — HOUSES and flats to let; an Immense -list;
Fervlce . absolutely free: take advantage of
this department: It will save you time and
trouble. Cordes. Furniture Co., 245-259 Geary
ct., on t_» square..
ALL of the most desirable flats and houses are
' listed in our renting department; let us give
you a list 'and help you find on? In the loca-
tion you want. STERLING FURNITURE
COMPANY, 1039 Market St.; services abso-
lutely free.
DIAMOND. 81f>— Flat of .1 sunny, furnished
rooms, kitchen, dining and bay-window bed-
room: $14. ,
FLAT — 3332 Twenty-third • «_. -near Guerrero;
4 rooms and bath; basement.
$7 00— Lower flat. '726% Harrison St.. bet.
Third and Fourth.
TVALLER. 1303^4, near Masonic ave.— Modern
'.(-room flat:! rent $35.'*
3 LAHOE rooms to let at C65 Hampshire j st. :
$13; no children. '
SUNNY flat. 6 rooms and bath. 115 Leaven-
worth st. - ¦ . -.¦¦¦¦' ¦ -
FLATS TO LET— FURNISHED.
SUNNY 3-room flat, complete for housekeeping;
gas, gas range, porcelain bath; adults; $_}.
332 Hayes st.
TACIAI. MASSAGE. .
A — WRINKLES removed; fine complexion guar-
anteed, new method: 50c. M. LUTON. manl-
. eurine parlors. 764 Larkln st. : phnn* Polk 17.
FURNITURE WANTED.
A; WOLLPERT. 773 Mission, phone Red 44M.
\ buys, rents, repairs.' 1 packs furniture, carpets.
HIGHEST price for furniture and mdse. L. H.
, BURP, auctioneer. ISIS Mkt.;tel. Howard 275«.
HELP -WANTED FEMALE.
WANTED— Cook, small dellcatesstn, $30; cook,
no 'washing, $35, German style; cooks,
$.'10, $"», two parlormaids, $30; four second
girls, $20, $25; maid to elderly lady.
$25;. 2 laundresses. $30; second girl, Oakland,
. $25; 2. dining-room glrlp. . Institution, $20: 2
nurses for sanitarium. $20; 3 nurse girls, $15,
' $20, $25; 2 kitchen helpers, $20; 3 chamber-
milds, .wait one meal. $20; and other places
too rrany to advertise: good places; best Of
wages. Apply to J. F. CROSETT & CO.,
i 334 Sutter. ; . ' ' ' '
A* LAUNDRESS/ $30: 4 second girls. $25: cook,
'¦ ¦-¦. sanitarium, $35; houseglrl, 2 infamlly. $30;
\ cook,' $35.-, MRS. NORTON. 313 Sutter.
A — WANTED— Girls • to , learn- halrdresslng.
¦ . manicuring, : etc. ; trade taught from A to Z
¦ in 2 weeks; ¦ $5 to 'those entering now; 3 po-
sitions to fill immediately: positions guaran-
teed at $10 per week up;' leading school in
\West.'-- 233' Geary ; at.. , room 13. . ¦ : -
A — Girls to learn millinery now for fall season:
both seasons taught from start to finish In 1
¦ month for $10:- positions as trimmers, sales-
ladies, -etc.; guaranteed at $10 per week up;
; day and evening class. 143 Stockton st.. r. 13.
¦ A — LADIES to : learn all. branches halrdresslng
: trade; manicuring, massage, .etc. : 1236, Mar-
-. ket st.,' cor. Jones, room 94; positions secured
' at highest wages; day and eve. class; call.
SEWING MACHINE OPERATORS AND RIV-
¦'¦ ETERS; NO EXPERIENCE NECESSARY:
¦i PAID . SALARY. ' LEVI STRAUSS & ¦ CO.'S
¦' FACTORIES. 3214 FREMONT ST. AND 187J
MISSION. NEAR FIFTEENTH.
LADIES .wanted ; everywhere 'copying -letters at
home' evenings , or spRre time 'and return to
'-us. ; No/ mailing or canvassing: '{9, 1 weekly
'. earned; jmaterialsi. free;. Inclose self -addressed
;¦ envelops for particulars. "Guarantee Co. No
,W 4; Ninth St., Philadelphia, Pa.
A' GIRL* for' HKht housework and cooking; 2 In
¦ family. Apply M.TT5 Masonic ave.,:bet. Wal-
;'ler and; Frederick. .-;.;*.
BY. " a. { leading v wholesale '. house. 3 traveling
' ¦ saleswomen; ; first-class positions. : Box 45S7
r Call: office.;. - 'V - ,
A COMPETENT r . woman * for cooking and ffen-
i '¦•: x «ral : housework : family 4 - adults; , wages $^5
to $30.-. Call: 431 Thirteenth st." ;¦.:-,•.
t WANTED-— Young .-ladles ;¦ for - the i chorus * and
¦ ballet 'the Tivollj Opera-house.' :Applybe-
;;.-? t ween 2 and 14 ; o'clock p. - m; -¦¦:•¦¦_¦';:. ;.
I A LAD Y, of Indomitable energy to make money
i ~ ¦ and : a . convincing j talkers F. PERSON 477
: ;< and 47S;Parrott. building. t . - .. ; h '
MIDDLE-AGED German or French woman for
'-: general 'housework; 'good wages. "533 Bruns-
i.wlcfc 8t.:-.-:/,. ,-;.-•' .: = , .;..¦* -.- , . ,'
YOUNG , girl i for « housework .! In - Alameda; 3 '. In
l U family; $20. : 2125 San Jose ave.; r Alameda. <
GIRL*- for.' : general '. housework; »= small family
r : ?adult8;;goodVwagee.V2115 Broderlck. ¦:.'• ..>•;
; WANTED^A \i mangle z. hand.- -Apply ". U. -' S
v-; Laundry,'- Sixteenth ¦ St.," near. Valencia.
GIRL: to strip tobacco.: 42 Market ••_'.
_ 7 EDPCATIOSAL— Continued.
HEALD'S School of Mines & Electricity.24 Post
I St., S. F. ; a practical school of engineering:
complete equipment. Special catalogue free.,
EUGENE DE FOREST SCHOOL OF ACTING.
Saratoga Hall, 840 Geary st.; call 2 to 5.
PHYSICAL cnlture class for gents enly; $5
month. Box 29C0. Call.
SCHOOL OF ILLUSTRATION Day and
PARTINGTON'S. 424 Pine gt Night class.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing,
etc. ; day or eve. $5 mo. 1024 Mlsslon 1 nj___th.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES. :
GEORGeTaOKI. 421 -Post st : tel. Bush 135—
Japanese-Chinese employment office; fur-
nishes best help; contracts for farm help, etc.
A— ORPHEUM Employment Office— Japanese-
Chlnese help. 428 Powell. Tel. M-ln 57S2.
A— GRAND Japanese-Chinese Etod. Office, 415
Stockton; tel. Grant 163; expert, reliable help. 1
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of-
flce; all kinds help. 315 Stockton: Main 5188.
CHINESE and Japanese help; estab. 20 years.
Tel. Main 1097. BRADLEY & CO.. 640 Clay.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED — FEMALE.
AN English nurse wants to care for children
over 2 years old: has- splendid references
from last place/Call at MISS PLUNKETT'b,
425 Sutter st., near Powell. " . ¦ -
A SCANDINAVIAN woman wants a situation
as cook and housework; has good city refer-
ences. Can be seen this morntng at MISS
PLUNKETT'S. 425 Sutter St.. near Powell.
A SWEDISH girl; first-class cook; good refer-
ences. MRS. NORTON. 313 Sutter.
AN experienced stenographer wishes to do out-
side typewriting; terms low. Phone R d lbO7,
9 a. m. to 12 m. and 1 to 3 p. m.
ELDERLY woman wishes a position as house-
keeper. 136 Fifth st., -between Howard and
Mission. . ' ¦
YOUNG Swedish girl wants position to do
general housework; wages, $20 per month.
1015 Carolina St.. bet. -5th and 2t>th.
A POSITION as stenographer by a young lady
having diversified experience in the line.
Address Berkeley Realty Co.. 2147 Center
st.. Berkeley. - ,
ELDERLY American woman wishes position
for housework and cooking; good home ana
moderate wages; no." mall answered. li*»o
Market at. . .. '.'''- : ' ¦
A WOMAN wants work by the day; under-
stands general housework and laundry; t«t
ere^ce. Address 1435 Pacific st.
A FIRST-CLASS laundress; can do children's
clothes in a nret-class style. Call 2 Regley
place. Pierce and Greenwich sts. "' ¦-
COMPETENT dressmaker wishes work in fam-
ilies; suits made In 2 days. Box
34*45. Call office. '. ¦
AN honest German lady would like to get a
few more days' light washing or houseclean-
Ing. 412B Fifth et.
A WOMAN would like to do washing by the
day; $1 25 per day. Please address MRS.
~ E. K.. 9t» Mission st. -..: V
COMPETENT girl wishes housework In small
family; wasres $25. Address 25A Silver st.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call, Branch office, cor. Duncan & Church sts..
WANT ads and subscriptions taken for The
. Call at Eaton's Bazaar. 033 McAllister st..
EMPLOYMENT WANTED—- MALE.
YOUNG man having 7 years' experience In
China, speaking Mandarin dialect fluently,
good ! knowledge written language, desires
permanent position with some mercantile
house. Box 4591. Call office.
POSITION wanted by thoroughly reliable Scan-
dinavian on city or country place as coach-
. man, gardener and general utility man; can
milk and understands his business thorough-
. ly; references. Box 4594. Call office.
WANTED — By a first-class mechanic, painting,'
paper hanging or tinting, by the day or con-
tract: ,all tools furnished. R. D. MAR-
BHALL. 429 Douglass st. , ; :
JANITOR work by an experienced young man;
windows cleaned, carpets relald and beaten;
"wood cutting and splitting . by the day or
hour. Box 4580. Call office. *
MAN, aged 35, wishes work; good house cleaner
and scrubber; good home more an object than
wages: reference. Address box 3450, Call. .
WANTED^-By experienced retail grocery man,
a few hours' work dally: ' cigar stand pre-
ferred. Address box 4593. Call office. .
•HONORABLE German gentleman desires posl-
•tlon; energy, executive ability. Address box
v 4500, Call office. - ; . ' .
EASTERN cook and wife, second cook or walt-
tress,. large boarding-house. or 'country, hotel;
best references. J. RAYBORN. 12 Cleveland.
HONORABLE man, German, desires position
as bartender; experienced. : Address box 4595,
Call office. -;•.- ¦¦:. ' >-'
A PAINTER, paper hanger, whltener ¦ wants
work: has all tools. 1302 Webster st:; tele-
: , phone. Jnckson 1321. _____________
YOUNG man (English ' and German), handy
: with tools, would like -to have a situation.
¦-¦• Box '4500.-: Call 'office; ;.-.•.' . . ; ' '¦'¦..•¦¦:-'¦
TO publishers— Practical printer and Journalist
wishes management of publication. -B.',, 765
Market st. ...•¦:...,• -' '- - - ''
A SITUATION desired on good private place,
city . or country, by thoroughly - experienced
young, man. (Danish); capable, of 'taking care
of horses, 1 garden, ¦ etc.,:- and : Is a '¦ first-class
' J driver: ¦. references. .: ¦ Box '34B1; : Call.' ' .¦¦¦
EXPERIENCED dry goods domestic salesman.
also first-class ; stockkeeper. special; In -cur;
Stains, blankets. - linens and all housekeeping
dry i goods; 'excellent s references. Box. 3412,
¦Call office. . _._- .' . -"•,¦..,.
ELECTRICIAN; steady, sober young . man
(. ¦:, with some experience .'would , like ¦ position • In
-electric ' power or sub-station. Box ; ; 2076,
"Call office. .! ; ' ' ;..: ¦ - ¦».'-;>'•'.'' -•'¦'¦ '¦ " : ' '
SITUATION wanted by Eastern cook. ; wife as
•: second' cook or- waitress; good country hotel
or resoct ; • best of : references.' * J. RAYBORN,
.; 12 Cleveland -st.. • ->V "________-
SOBER, industrious, middle-aged single man
' wants : situation: . small j wages; • familiar, with
¦ general ; merchandise .- or plain' waiter. . Box
-V 2U58.sCair office. • . ' !
Al DRAUGHTSMAN, experienced - In L. both
: mechanical - and ¦' structural ~ draughting 'and
design. . desires . permanent position. -.'Address
. box j 2957. CaU office. : . ¦¦-'.". . :
; SITUATION^ wanted : by man ' around -¦ private
-;-, house;; can take care. of horses; "good; driver:
r good gardener; handy with* tools. Box 29S0.
!¦>>¦ Call; of flee. '-¦¦-. /;.>-- ,y-\
COMPETENT.'- reliable • coach.-rr n. '•••W Gr*t-
'^; class laundress,'; desire* ¦ n?ix)t;tv f >--.>'l r«C-
, erence.'.,T/*S.'. 77; Ninth st. .-". v -•'•¦¦
FRENCHMAN.', speaking Italian..' Spanish : and
> »* a - little '• English. wants ;•; employment. - V.
' >. PELLET,-. general, delivery, -San 'Francisco.: ¦;
AM: willing 'to', work] at ¦anything: strong." hon-
est. ¦• : ambitious ; :' handy : with tools; best ref-
;_." erences.",.' Box ? 3446.^ Call j office.— . >; ; ¦ ' V
I 'AM ? an V advertising n solicitor of ;{ 15 " years'
• : experience; ; would '.like 5 a 'position.- Address
i 'I box ? 2078.V Call of nee/? -. 1 ,\ ; . ; V ¦ ;, r.~
LYOUNG.1 man' wants -*; position or
• clerking. • Box . 2982,1 Call.- : :' ' t <
THE^CALL
fOJOt P. STBECg-XB. Proprietor.
AMna cc_____ic-tlcis to JOM McHAUGHT, .Manager
TELEPHONE.
Ask for THE CALL. The Operator Will Con-
nect Yon Wit— the Department You Wish.
Publlratton Office Market and Third. S. F.
editorial Rooms 217 to 221 Stevenson ft
Delivered by Carriers. 20 Cts. Per Week. 70
Cls. Per Month. Single Copies 6 CenU.
T>rms by Mail. Includinr Postage (Cash Wit>
Oi_er):
DAILY CALL (lnclud. Sunday). 1 year. .$8.0C
DAILY CALL (lnclud. Sunday). 6 — os.. 4-O«
DAILY CALL — By Single Month 75c
•UXDAY CALL. 1 Year. 2.W»
WEEKLY CALL. 1 Year 100
„,„-,-„ f Dally... $8.S0 Per Year Extra
£?£&?£ 1 Bunds.*-.. 4.15 Per Year Extra
POSTAGE. [weekly.. 1.00 Per Year Extra,
ALL POSTMASTERS ARE AUTHORIZED
TO RECEIVE SUBSCRIPTIONS.
Sample Copies will be forwarded when re-
Quested.
' Mall subscribers In ordering change of ad-
fcress should be particular to give bota NEW
AND OLD ADDRESS in order to insure a
prompt and correct compliance with their re-
qnest
OAKLAND OFFICE:
1118 Broadway Telephone Main 1083.
BERKEX-Y OFFICE:
SMS Center Street Telephone Norta tj.
WASHINGTON C»RRESPON___NT:
NORTON E. CRANE 14O8 O Street. N. W.
NEW YORK NEWS STANDS:
Walfiorf - Astoria Hotel; A- Brentano SI
Union Scusxe: Murray Hill Hotel; Fifth-ave-
nue Hctel and Hoffman House.
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
Sherman House; P. O. News Co.: Greet
Northern Hotel: Tremont House; Auditorium
Hotel; Palmer House.'
CHICAGO REPRESENTATIVE:
C. GEORGE KROGNESS...Manjuette BulW».
(Long Distance Telephone. "Central 2619. )
NEW YORK REPRESENTATIVE :
STEPHEN B. SMITH SO Tribune Building.
NEW TORK CORRESPONDENT:
C. C. CARLTON .Herald Square.
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco
Call, corner Market ana Third streets; open
until 12 o'clock every night In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES:
527 Montromery street corner Clay; open un-
til 8:30 p. m.
£00 Hayes street; open until 9:30 p. m.
639 McAllister street; open until 9:30 p. m.
615 Larkin street: open until 9:30 p. m.
1941 Mission street: open until 10 p. m.
2261 Market street corner Sixteenth: open
until 9 p. m.
106 Eleventh street: open until 9 p. m.
IOW« Valencia street: open until » p. m.
Northeast corner Church and Duncan streets,
open until 9 p. m. ' u _'"--___
Northwest corner of Twenty - second and
Kentucky streets: open until 9 p. m.
COO rtUmore street: open until 9 p. m.
MEETING XOT1CES.
1 SPECIAL meeting of Godfrey de _a0T
St. Omar Council No. 1, Knights nHl
K-dosh. A. _nd A. Scottish Rite _n !Hl_,Jjj
of Freeraasonry. will be held In __3S_______>
Commandery Ha.ll. Masonic Tern- j!i-,_ff!-^_
pie, on THURSDAY EVEN- «J Eft «
ING. November 19, 1903, at 8 * _O_
o'clock. Degree 30, In full form. " j" 1
HENRY BURNER, Recorder.
-ISEION Chapter No. 79, R. A. M.— _,
Stated meeung THIS (THURSAY) JU
E VEXING at 7:30 o'clock.. P. M.
and M. E. M. degrees. By order of '
the H.P. JOHN R. HILLMAN. Sec'y.
CALIFORNIA Lodge No. 1. F. and A.
M. will meet THIS (THURSDAY)
EVENING. November l'J. at 7:30 lt_K
o'clock. Third degree. By order of » w »
the Master. FRANKLIN H. DAY. Sec'y.
ntELITT Lodge No. 120. F. and A. fi
M.— Special meeting THIS (THURS- yb>
DAY) EVENING at 7:30 o'clock.
Third degree. Officers of Mission
• Lodge will confer the degree. Master Ma-
sons cordially Invited. By order of the W.
M. FREDERICK BARRY. Secretary.
MISSION Lodge No. 1O, F. and A. M. «
— Officers ar.d members are requested > _f_f
to assemble at the Masonic Temple /V\
THIS (THURSDAY) EVENING at
7:20 o'clock for the purpose of paving a fra-
ternal visit to Fidelity Lodge No. 120. F. and
A. M. R S. ALLAN. Secretary.
SOUTH San Francisco Lodge No. 212, _,
F. and A. M.. meets THIS (THURS- VSf
DAT) EVENING at 7:30 o'clock, for
third degree. Master Masons cordially
invited. By order of the Master.
E. C. HARE. Secretary.
DORIC Lodge No. 216, F. and A. M.— «
Second degree THIS (THURSDAY) W
EVENING at 7:30. By order of the /V\
Master. J. R GOLDSMITH. Sec
ETARR KING Lodge No. 344. F. and _
A M.. 317 Devisadero st— Third de- V_f
gree THIS EVENING at 7:15 o'clock. f>f\
Ey order of the W. M.
¦ A. A. ANDERSON. Secretary.
VERBA BUENA Lodge No. 15. I. ..«— -^
O. O. F.. meeu THIS (THURS- --5**^Q_»%
DAY) EVENING. November 19. =;<£<g_5_5
Initiatory degree will be con- "*-<K«^ s '
ferred. Visiting brothers cordially invited.
By order FRANK KRULL, N. G. .
CHARLES A. WISEWELL, Rec. Sec.
California Lodge no. i. k. of p.. ____
meets THIS (THURSDAY) EVEN- _
ING at b o'clock. Third rank, long
form. Magic lantern with views. j_pse£
Visitors cordially Invited. __5^X.
ARTHUR ODAVIS. C. C.
R. N. McLENNAN. K. of R. and S.
NOTICE of meeting of stockholders— Office of
' Spring Valley Water Company, roon. 3. sixth
- Boor. 126 Stockton street. San Francisco.
Cal.. September 15, I»u3 — To the stock-
holders of the Spring Valley Water Com-
pany: Notice is hereby given that, pur-
suant to a resolution of the Board cf Direct-
ors of the Spring Valley Water Company, a
corporation, unanimously adopted en the 15th
day of September. 1903. at a meeting of
•aid board, duly called and held at the
- office of said company in the city acd county
of San Fran Cisco. State of California, a
— eeticg of the stockholders of said corpora.
tion will be held at the office and principal
place of business of »•— id corporation, to-
t wit in room three, sixth fioor. In the build-
Ing on the southeast eorner of Geary and
. Stockton streets, in the city and county of
San Fran dsco. State of California, known
et No. 128 Stockton street, said building
being the building where the Board of Di-
rectors of said corporation usually meets,
and said room being the room In said build-
ing where the directors and stockholders of
said corporation utually meet, on Monday.
the 23d day of November. 1U03. at 2 o'clock
' p. m., for the object and purpose of -then
and there considering and votins upon a
proposal to create a bonded Indebtedness of
caid Spring Valley Water , Comoany in the
sum of twenty-eicht million ($23,000,000 00)
dollars, payable December 1, 1923, with in-
terest thereon at the rale of 4 per cent
per annum, payable seml-annually, acd prin-
cipal and interest payable In Kold coin of
the United States of America of the present
Ftandard of weight and fineness; and to
secure the bonded indebtedness. 10 proposed
to be created, by a mortgage upou or deed
of trust of all the property of said corpora- ''
tion now owned or which it may hereafter '
acquire and during the life or term of said
mortgage or deed of trust. By order of
1 the Board of Directors.
PELHAM W. AMES.
Secretary of the Spring Valley Water Com-
- ., pany. ¦
TOE Board of Medical Examiners of the State
of California will hold a regular meeting In
the examination chambers. Civil Service Com-
mission." City Hall. San Francisco, Cal., on
TUESDAY. December 1. 1903. st 10 a. m.
GEO. T. CERE. M. P.. Secretary.
fUE California Debris Commission, having re-
ceived application to mine by hydraulic pro-
cess from United Gold and Copper Company
. in Spring Valley hydraulic gold mine, near
Cherokee. Rutte County. Cal., draining into
Spring Valley Creek, which reaches Feather
River, gives notice that meeting will be held
•t room 96, Flood building. San Francisco,
' Cal.. November SO. 1903. et 1:30 p. m.
AGilSNTS WASTED.
AGENTS — An agency for a proposition that is
- a decided improvement on building and loan
U worth having. Great Western Improve*
roent Company. Parrott bldg. .-
ATTOUXEVS-AT-LAW.
~~ 7" W. H. BITTNKR, . ¦ •-. •
ATTORNEY AND COUNSELOR AT LAW.
Advice free. Phone South 743.
Suit 322, Emma Epreckels building.
Dlvcrcts quietly and legally obtained for
eight caun*s; damages secured for injuries to
- pei-on or estate; reslevln* fcr property un-
lawfully detained: attachments and garnlsh-
: xnents for lebts; bonds furnished: bankruptcy
proceedings;, wills probated; estates settled;
collections made . in all parts of the U. 8. ¦
A PRIVATE, quick divorce for a small fee.
See me and save money: no pay in advance.
G w. H0WE."ATTORNEY-AT-LAW.
' Es' -Wished 22 yr#.; nns. 1. 2. 3. 4 _ 5. 1st fl.
1122 Market «t. between Mason and Taylor.
Advice free, all matte— . Detectives employed.
_a THE Legal Advisory. Inc.: reliable attor-
Dr-cUce In all courts: attachments, di-
vorce, estates, bankn-ptcy.^ probate. 511.'
_11A?5UB Crossler bldg., N. E. cor. New
'Montiremery and MUarton tti.: tel. John 2926.
LODGING HOUSES FOR SALE — Con.
HEADQUARTERS FOR LODGING HOUSES.
C. E. HINKLEY, Phone Mint 796.
1020 Market St.. Opp. Fifth.
i - Former Patrons my Best References. __
Country Correspondence- Promptly Answered.
I Part Cash. Balance Monthly Payments.
( CARRIAGE TO SHOW HOUSES.. ' ..- _
PARTLY furnished 10 rooms, piano Included;
rent only $28 ; amazingly low price. $225.
C E. HINKLEY. 1020 Market St., opp. Fifth.
EXQUISITE furnishings: 185: rooms; grand
apartment house: low rent; long lease; clears.
$700 to $800; only $5000 cash, balance 6 per
cent. Only with HINKLBY, 1020 Market st
STEADY roomers; 17 rooms; clears '$80; rent
only $45; price $750. HINKLEY. ¦?-
MONEY-MAKER; 60 rooms; transient; 2 en-
trances;- liquor license;- oak and maple fur-
nlture; a gift at $2750. HINKLEY.
SEE
TETLOW A DEACON,
Phone Folsom 2957.
1023 Market tt, between 6th and 7th,
For hotels, rooming houses and business
chances; any part of the city.
A — $3000; PRIVATE boarding-house,' with 40
elegantly furnished rooms, on Van Ness ave. ;
rooms always occupied and flrst-clats patron-
age. See R O. WILKE. 20H Kearny st
ELEGANT corner flat, 8 rooms. Western Ad-
dition; rent $35; cheap, $900; large list of
houses, 6 to 200 rooms. EITEL A CARROLL,
212 Kearny st
~~~" SPIRITUALISM.
PROF. Fred P. Evans, noted psychic for slate-
writing and clairvoyance: stamp for circular.
1112 Eddy et, nr. Octavia; phone Scott BSi.
MME. YOUNG'S test circle to-night; 10c; pri-
vate readings dally. 619 McAllister.
C V. MILLER'S materializing seance to-night
8 o'clock. $1. 1064 Bush: phone Larkln 4133.
MRS. C. KOTTER— Teet circle to-night; devel-
oping circle Moa ; sittings dally. 34 6th at.
EDWARD EARLE. 1052 Ellis, readings dally.
9:30 to 4: seances Sunday and Thursday.
CLAIRVOYANTS. _ __ _~"
- : PROFESSOR PAUL DESTINE.
The First Registered Trance Clairvoyant and
Palmist Ever In San Franc'sco. I
I do hereby solemnly agree and guarantee to
make no charge if I fall to tell your Dame, occu-
pation and what you called for; I promlee to tell
you whether husband, wife or sweetheart is true
or false- tell you who and when you will marry;
in fact. I will tell you every hope, fear or ambi-
tion better than you can tell yourself: I will give
you luck that wins success In love, marriage, di-
vorce, business, speculation, mining, health an_
lost vitality, etc.: hours 10 a. m. to SI p. m.
326 — O'Farrell st — 326. Readings $1.
MME. M. BERNARD. THE FAMOUS
Clairvoyant and business medium, perma-
nently located at 17 Third st, next Examiner
bldp. ; sha reads your lire correctly, gives aa
nccurate description of the past, reveals the
present happanings and portrays events to
occur in the future: If you. are In trouble,
discontented or not satisfied in life, or have
domestic, love or business troubles, consult
this great medium and you will be told how
to overcome them; valuable advice in all af-
fairs of life; 25c up; satisfaction guaran-
teed; readings by mall. Tel. Black 4569.
A— L-I-V-O-R-N-O,
L-I-V-O-R-N-O, /
The World-Renowned Palmist
and Crystal Gazer,
34 KEARNY ST..
Over Hammersmith & Field's. Phone Black 2435.
Three questions by mall. $1. Send month
and year of birth.
Captain Sigsbee of the Maine says: "Mme.
Llvomo's reading of my hand was remarkably
clever." See portrait of Llvorno and original
testimonials at entrance. :
ISMAR the Egyptian gypsy, clairvoyant and
palmist, permanently located at 1104 Market
st. cor. Turk; private readings daily, 10 a.
m. to 5 p. m. ; readings by mall as satisfac-
tory as in person; 3 questions answered, $1:
full life, $5; send lock of hair, date and year
of birth; don't send currency. Send postofflce,
Wells-Fargo money order or registered letter.
MISS ZEMDAR, young, gifted clair. A palm.
has second sight; a wonderful prophetess.'
I correctly treat your love affairs, domestic.
trouble, bus. and financial success named.
. L.. 50c; G.; $1. 714 Franklin, nr. G. G. ave.
COME AND HAVE YOUR LIFE READ
BY MRS. DR. E. SANDERS,
And Learn Mental "Telegraphy.
413 Post Bt. ; hours 10 to 8.
MRS. A. H. Kronenberg, palmist, clairvoyant,
card reader, will give a good reading,' 10c, for
a short time only; when others fall try me to
convince yourself. 721 Franklin, near Turk.
MRS. VEINA, wonderful trance medium and
card reader: Just returned from, long ab-
sence. 400 Geary, near Mason, room 1. I
MRS. GARDNER, clairvoyant, card reader;
names slven; 25c and 50c. , 655B Minna et.,
below Eighth. ' ' -¦ • ¦•¦¦¦-.- : -
A — Mme. Ravenna reads life, business advice;
names given; 25c up. 5 4th st. near Market
OLDEST lady palmist and "card reader In city.
. 2O'/i Keamy, room 20; ladles 25c; gents 50c.
MME LAMAR, wonderful palmist: card read- !
er; 25c, 50c. ,520 Jones st: hours 1-9 p. m.
MRS." SHAFER clairvoyant, card reader: sit-
tings dally. 448% Jessie st. bet. Sth and 6th.
CARPET HEATING AXP CLEA.MXG.
AIR compressed, dry, Ice cold. Is now univer-
sally used In sanitary cleaning carpets, on ;
floor, "without removal or Injury: prices mod-
erate. Apply S. F. COMPRESSED AIR
CLEANING CO.. Call bid.; phone Main' 0237. I
WHEN you become dUgueted with your work
send for SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-beat- I
Ing Works, 355-357 Tehama St.; tel. South 40.
WESTERN Carpet Cleaning Works," lSOtTlIar-
rlson *_; Al cleaning; 3c: tel. . Mission 225.
CALIFORNIA Carpet-beating Co., J. McQueen.
proprietor. 329 Guerrero St., tel. Mission 49.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co., 402 Sutter st;
tel. Main 394. GEO. W4LCOM A CO.. Props.
RUDOLPH A CO., carpet-beating works: prlcej
reasonable. 1703 Harrison St.; tel.Misslon 263.
CONKLIN'S Superior Carpet-beating Works,
•333 Golden Gate »vc: telephone East 126.
COLLECTION OFFICES.
BAD tenants ejected for $4: collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO.. 415 Montgomery, rooms 0-10: tel. 5586.
. COTTAGES TO LET.
$27 50— 6^R00M cottage ToTet Key. at Park
House. 2304 Fulton st.
CTTBTJS RUPTTJRE.
WHO DOES IT? HUNTER. 1206 Market st
Send for circular. Why will you suffer?. -.
CREDIT OIiOTHI_BS.
C. F. ADAMS CO. ~ '"." ' ~ ~~* *
SPECIAL CREDIT STORE.
We clothe the whole family from bats to
ehoes;" everything up to date at cash prices.
Credit for all. 318 Ma?on St. - -
DENTISTS.
DR. GRUSS, 504-5-6 CaTughan" 'bWg.T^Jarket
and McAllister sts., uses the Basford Obtun-
der, the only device ever Invented for grind-
ing, drilling and excavating teeth absolutely
without pain. For demonstration and proof
call at offlr«.
DR. LUDLUM HILL, 1443 Market. nr.Eleventh
1 —No charsje for extracting when plates are
made: old plates made over like new; te«th
from $8 per set; extracting 60c; gas given.
A NEW plate— The Whalebone — cannot break;
warranted 20 yrs: crown, $3 50; fillings, SOc;
plates. $5: full set; all work painlees and war-
ranted. Chicago Dental -Parlors, .24 Sixth st
PARIS Dental Parlors, 235 Kearny, cor. Bush—
Set teeth $1 50 up: crowns $2 up; fillings, 25c.
GOLD. fillings. 75c; silver, 35c; crowns, $2- no
pain: open Funday. Dr.O.B.Hewltt. 204 Sutter. ¦
DltESS>IAKRIt S AND SEAMSTKICSSKS
ACCORDION, sunburst A knife. plaltlng~Stew-
art's button A buttonhole factory.HO. Taylor.
McDOWELL Dressmaking & Millinery School—
Patterns cut to mqasure'.eve.class.lOlfl Mrkt.'
-_ V ' -. _' ijBlDyCATlONAL.-."' . . - -.. ~~~
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE. 24 POST, 3.
F. — Bookkeeping, shorthand,' touch '.typing,
languages, telegraphy, English branches; day
and night sessions; Illustrated catalogue free.
HINMAN'S Academy: aVhorough'' school of
dancing; established ; 20 years.: 1412- Polk ; st,
between Pineand California; both adult and
I children's classes are nowoptn for the season.
A YRES, : the leading, business college,' 723 Mar-
' ket st; special summer course in all depart-
ments: handsome catalogue free; life scholar-
shlp. $50; day and evening sessions.,',, '
CALIFORNIA. Business College. -305 Larkln st.'
"A- thorough r school"; : positions:* secured' for
- graduates; ••• modern -methods;^. Individual" in-
struction. Write- forj illustrated catalogue.^ i
TUB Lyceum, an accredited preparatory school
for the university,' law. and 'medical colleges;
ref.. President 'Jordan or any Stanford profes-
'-¦ sor; day and - evening: sessions, r Phelan \ bldg.'.
THE ! PAUL ; GERSON '¦ School • of -Acting. \th*
;: foremost institution 0* the kind in. the entire
West; 12 teachers; send for. catalogue.*) Native
: Eons' bldg., ; 414; Mason .st ¦''_.'¦'¦'¦:''; ' .^-
A— SAN FRANCISCO t. Business , College, * 1236
. Market St.— Practical, v: progressive,-'? reliable;
day and evening sessions;; write for catalogue.,
DANCING,, Tuesday, :Thursday,'» Saturday, •'. Sun-
day evg«/ t ? Teutonia v Hall. < Howard ' i st., 1 : nr.
'9th.* 'Prof/; Foster;*: society jdandng^taught
ENGI7»EKRING-^Civil*elec.;;mln.'5mech.;Tsur-
-.. vey;: ae?ay. • cyanide ; 1 day.i ev: ; j est*,1864.-i*Van
der Nallleni School." 113 Fulton.'nr. City; Hall.",
-. HELP WANTED-— FEMALB-— Con.
A— S. F. EMP. BUREAU. 17 Fourth st
Woman for housework; Oakland; $30, found.
Girl for office; city; $15; increase. ¦ -
8 salesladies; fancy goods: Oakland; steady.
' Nurse- girl ; - city ; ref .; - $20. found.
Waitress, private boarding-house; city; $25.
found. i» hi 1 jii iiHTIiHHilliittii lHftfpTi||Mi|'ii
8. F. EMP. BUREAU. Phone Grant 26.
YOUNG lady, quick and accurate at figures;
one that has had experience in office of shltt
factory preferred. Call between 9 and lt>,
ULMAN. SEELJGSOHN A BROWN, 19 Bat-
. tery st, third floor.
GIRL to do general housework and cooking;
wages $25. 1522 Golden Gate ave. ,
GIRL for chamber work and assist at table;
. small boarding-house. 742 Tehama, nr. 9th.
WANTED— Experienced dry goods wrapper.
Apply between 9 and 11 a. m. at HALE
BROS.* - . . -. --'¦'.
WANTED — Experienced Jacket and skirt al-
teration bands. Apply between 9 and 11
a., m. at HALE BROS.'
WANTED — Experienced saleswoman. Apply
between 9 and 11 a. m. at HALE BROS/
WANTED — Experienced cloak and suit sales-
lady; good wages. Box 2983, Call office.
WANTED— A girl for general housework and
cooking; 8 In family. 116 Broderlck st.
EDUCATED elderly German Catholic lady aa
children's nurse; $3 per week. 1071 Market
FIRST-CLASS stenographers furnished. Miss
M. G. Barrett, instructor. 302 Montgomery.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call Branch office, cor. Duncan A Church »t*.
CLASSIFIED advertisement* and subscriptions
, received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore.
HELP WANTED MALE.
A— MURRAY, A READY. 634-636 Clay st
Phone Main 6843.
Leading Employment and Labor Ajrenta.
1902 we gave 1903 we'll give
45,000 men work. 60,000 men work.
ARIZONA.
ARIZONA.
OREGON. " NEVADA.
Southern Pacific and Santa Fe systems; free
pass
ON EVERY TRAIN.
Section hands, muckers, drillers, extra gangs,
teamsters, hammersmen.
STABLES. FARMS. ORCHARDS. DAIRIES.
Farm and orchard hands, $30, $35. $40 fd;
- milkers, !30 to $50 and found.
Stablemen, city, country Jobs, $30 to $60.
365 woodchoppers.
2S7 tiemakers.
COOKS. WAITERS. PORTERS.
Cooks, hotels, restaurants, camps, mines and
ranches, city and country. $30 to $70 and
found; waiters, city and country. $25 to $45
and found: butchers, different Jobs. $40 to $90.
MURRAY & READY. 63J-C30 Clay St.
COAL. OREGON. FREE FARE.
Miners. Oregon, $3 to $5 a day.
MURRAY fe READY. 634-636 Clay st
OLD MEXICO • FREE FARE.
Carriage trimmer, boss here, good -wages.
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st.
MAN and wife, man as waiter, wife as cham-
bermaid, ?.">0 and found.
2 coatmakers; track foreman.
12 cabinet-makers, country, $3 to $3 50 day.
Stableman, $30 and found. '-:'.-"
2 carpenters, $3 a day.
Sticker hand. $4 day.
Second butcher, ranch. $50 and found.
Planer man. lumber company. $65 and found.
Laborer and wife, country. $40 and found.
Married farmer, $45, houee boss here.
' Striper and letterer, carriage painters, $2
to $3. •
3 boys learn painting. $4 to $5; milker. $32.
Butcher's boy, little experience, $.30 and fd.
Chore-man, institution, $30; ¦ baker's helper.
Cook, $G0; dishwasher, $20. same hotel,
north. •
MURRAY A READY, 634-636 Clay st
FRUIT farmer and wife, $45 and found; er-
rand boy. $3 week; pcrter and Janitor for
Institution, $30 and found; hotel porter and
choremao. $20 and found; ranch cook. $25:
boardins-house cook. $40: oysterman, $40, and
others. J. F. CROSSETT & CO.. 628 Sacra-
mento et.
AT. S. F. EMP. BUREAU. 17 Fourth _t—
3 boilermakers. south, free fare. 3Sc hour;
lots of new Jobs. Call and see us.
BRIGHT, clean cut boy 14 to 17 years; must
be neat and careful in dress, well mannered;
no bad habits; live at home; such a boy can
get a position with railroad company; good
prospects for advancement; do not want you
unless you expect to be permanent Box
2071. CaU office.
YOUNG men everywhere copy letters, home
evenings. $9 50 week; send addressed en-
velope for particulars. Manager Dept. W 4.
box 1411. Philadelphia. Pa.
WANTED — An all round bookbinder; one who
can do' forwarding and finishing on full
bounds. Apply SANEORN. VAIL A CO..
741 Market st "
BOY between 15 and 19. who Is anxious to
learn good business in down town house;
state age and salary expected. Box 4500,
Call office. '
BARBERS, attention — One-half interest In a
first-class 2-chalr shop for sale; pays well;
can be bought cheap; owner going' in other
business. Box 45S3, Call.
WHY pay big prices to have your shoes half-
soled when you can get it done fcr 25c, 5»)c
and 60c while you watt at 563 Mission St.,
bet. 1st and 2d sts., or 11 Third st?
A MAN of indomitable energy and push, a good
talker eager to make money. V. PERSON.
477 and 47S Parrott building. t
WANTED — An experienced wrapper. Apply at
' S. N. WOOD & CO.'S. , 71S Market st.
EXPERIENCED wrapper wanted at JOE RO-
SENBERG'S. S16 Market st.
WANTED — An experienced platen pressman.
Apply SANBORN.-VA1L A CO.. 741 Market.
BUSHELMAN and pant3 maker for country.
Apply REISS BROS.. 24 Sutter st.
YOUNG man willing to work for his tuition.
California, Business College, 305 Larkln st.
BOY about 16 In wholesale house: good chance
for advancement. &tK» Market St.. upstairs.
WANTED— Flrs>t-class barber. 1)47 FUImore st,
corner McAllister. _______
BARBER shop, fully equipped, rent $10 per
month. 3570 Twenty-fltth st.
TRY our men's shoes, union made, at $1 and
$1 50 pair; : foot-form shoes at $2 SO; we pay
express or mail charges. 11 3d st. Exam. bid.
GERMAN: steady: references; tend bar; wine
business; useful: married preferred; call
afternoon. 15 City Hall square.
SMART, energetic boy for large retail estab-
lishment. W. & J. SLOANE * CO., US Post.
WANTED — Experienced stock boy on cloaks
and suits. BARON'S. 762 Market st. . ~.
BARBER *hoD fcr sale. 239 East st; tran-
slent trade; $75: snap.
WANTED— For U. S. Marine Corps, able-
-bodied unmarried men. between 21 and 33;
good character; must speak, read and write
English; marines serve at sea on men-of-
war in all parts of the world, on land in our
island possessions, and at naval station* in
the United States. Apply at recruiting of-
fice, 40 Ellis st.. San Francisco. CaL. and
" 401 K st.. SacTamento, Cal.
WANTED — Boys from IB to IS years; height
fi feet 4 inches and over, to Join a social mili-
tary rifle corps: regulation uniform and drill.
Apply S.. SZANIK. 473 Valencia st. any
evening between 6 and S o'clock.
MEN ? wanted to learn the barber trade In two
months and secure good positions; catalogue
mailed free. MOLER System College. 633
Clay st ..-:.« - .
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkin. . Reno House proprietor, has
added 100 new rooms to the Denver House.
217 Third st: 250 rooms; 25c to 50c per night
TRY our men's shoes,, < union made, at $1 and
$1 50 per pair, foot -form shoes at $2 50. or
orthopedic shoes. $3 60; best shoes on earth. 11
Third st..; Exam, bids.. 5 doors from Market
BARBER shop: a snap: sunny living rooms;
rent $15;. owner quitting business. 1541
G eary s V__SBs__HB____
PENSION ATTT. M. HARRIS. 40 Ellis «t; 14
years', practice; references. from thousands of
¦ ' persons for whom I have secured pensions.
WANTED — A 1 man familiar with toys. Apply
.J Schlueter's. 1158 Washington st. Oakland.
MEN to learn the barber trade.' Inquire at
¦ 611 pommerclal.st . .
! A PRACTICAL cutter of good appearance. ' Ap-
| ply S. N. WOOD A CO.. 940 Market ft.
BARBER trade taught in 5 weeks. Address
. W. C. B..647 Commercial st _^
MEN to learn barber trade: catalogue mailed.
9. F. Barber. School. .741 A Howard et .
. PENSION atty. ; E.' A. ; Bullls.' room 4O. ; Phelan
. bldg; Past Com.' Geo.'. H. .Thomas Post.G.A.R.
McDONALD A PKRRY have a large stock of
new and second-hand shoes: cheap. 233 3d st.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 Third st. near Mar-
ket — 7CO : rooms, 35c ' night: : reading - rooms ;
"* : free : : bus . and > baggage j to and > from ferry. .
'"TWO-CHAIR barber shop and -cigar, store for
sale: bargain. Inquire Call office. .'
FOR • sale-^Barber, shop; Z steady -chairs;- big
bargain. Western Realty Co.." 1007^ Market
BARBER shop for sale on account of other
' -business. ' 704' Polk st.
¦ ' FOR : SALE— Two-chair barber " shop, cheap
V;,; 127, Clay st --...¦ ". ¦' ¦.-..-. ¦¦:£'.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscription* received at
•:¦ ¦ Call Branch office/ cor.- Duncan A Church sts.
ALL sixes-men's shoes, . slightly damaged.' halt
;; price.. 863 Mission. stl, bet. 1 1st and 2d ste.
¦ OET-Tcur thocs halt noled while waiting: 25o
v to 60c.-, 563 Mission st. bet' 1st and 2d sts. •
"^ . j_^SEp5^5*iDii !l ' KJn ft*$&t£v£V ' * I ill •* 1 ltf\ ¦ 1
One handy with razor, with shears and with brush.
We advise as a course satisfactory to all
That you write a Want Ad to Insert in The Call.Actress Burned in Fire Scene.
OMAHA, Neb., Nov. 18.— Nellie Mc-
Henry, leading woman In "M'liss,"
now playing here, was seriously burned
about the lower limbs during the per
formance last night. In the rescue of
the school master from the burning
house, the actress' skirts caught fire as
she dropped through the roof. She was
carried to the wings and the flames ex
tinguished.
Bun on Beading Bank Continues.
READING, Pa., Nov. 18.— The run on
the Pennsylvania Trust Company con
tinued to-day, but there was a diminu
tion in the number of withdrawals.
Most of the callers were from the
country districts, and all. were promptly
paid. Several drove home with $1000
to $2000 each, and they were warned
to look, out for robbers. Many who
came to withdraw their deposits, when
they, saw the great piles of cash and
the officials ready to accommodate
them, left entirely satisfied.
Bolles Is Held for Trial.
DENVER, Nov. 18.— Russell Bolles
was bound over to the criminal division
of the district court to-day by Justice
Byrne for trial on the charge of hav
ing murdered Harold Fridborn, a boy,
who was killed on New Year's eve, 1901,
when defending his sister from an at
tack. In giving his decision the Justice
expressed his own belief in the prison
er's innocence. Bolles was arrested re
cently, near Vancouver, B. C, where he
was going under an assumed name.
DENVER. Nov. 18.— John Otto, who
was arrested last Saturday on the
charge of attempting to do harm to the
Governor, acknowledging that he had
served three months in an insane asy
lum in California for his persistency in
trying to present his views on the labor
question and socialism to Governor
Pardee of that State, was released to
day, no charge having been filed
against him. . . ¦
Eccentric Californian Is Freed.
Grange Favors Woman's Suffrage.
ROCHESTER. N. Y., Nov. IS.— The
National Grange to-day elected Aaron
Jones of Indiana national worthy
master and J. N. Newcomb,. Golden,
Colo., steward. The resolutlon-jfavoring
woman suffrage, offered . yesterday,
was adopted after a long discussion; I
Extortion Case Goes to Jury.
CINCINNATI. Nov. 18.— The govern
ment closed to-day its evidence in the
trial of Miller and Johns, charged with
conspiracy to extort bribes from' John
. J. Ryan. It is expected the case will
go to the Jury to-morrow.
The best laid plans of mice and men
sometimes tumble off the gang plank.
LONDON, Nov. 18.— A jury to-day
awarded Dr. Bayliss, president of the
London University College* Hospital,
$10,000 damages f<Jr libel against the
Hon. Stephen Coleridge, honorable sec
retary of the National Anti-Vivisection
Society and son of the late Chief Jus
tice Coleridge. Mr. Coleridge publicly
charged the plaintiff with, torturing a
dog while carrying out vivisection ex
periments without proper anesthetics.
His charges rested on the statements of
two women students, who gave a hor
rible description of the laboratory of
the hospital and the inhumanity of the
operators.
Jury Awards Dr. Bayliss of London
S1O,OOO on a Charge of
Libel.
HOSPITAL PRESIDENT '
IS ALLOWED DAMAGES
UKIAH. Nov. 18.— Austin Muir. a
butcher, had a narrow escape from
drowning near 'Wllllts during the heavy
rain last week. The creeks in the LJt
tle Lake Valley are noted for the speed
with which the water riaes after a rain.
When Muir left for his ranch in the
eastern part of the valley early In the
morning to kill some cattle the cre*ka
were barely running. In the evening:
when he was returning he noticed that
the creeks he had to cross were rather
turbulent, and concluded to drive farther
up to the ford. As "he is an old resident
and knows the country well he had 'iib
difficulty in locating the usual ford, and
drove in. The water had risen and had
made the former crossing a raging
mountain torrent. The current turned
the wagon down stream and upset - it.
Muir was thrown into the watsr, and
after a hard struggle through floating,
driftwood and logs managed to reach the
bank, completely exhausted. His wagon
was found farther down the stream with
the front wheels missing. -It is said that
the sudden rise was due to a cloudburst
on the mountain. 7Z
Tries to Ford It and the Swift Car^
rent Sweeps Away His
Wagon.
BUTCHER NEARLY DROWNS •
IN A SWOLLEN STREAM
PARIS, Nov. 18.— A dispatch to the
Patrie from Lugano, Switzerland, an
nounces that an anarchist has surren
dered to the police there and has con
fessed that he had been selected to ttll
the President of Switzerland, but that
his courage failed him.
NICE. France, Nov. IS. — The police
here have arrested four anarchists who
are suspected of the intention of way
laying the King of Italy on his return
from England.
ROME, Nov. 13.— The Messagero to
day announced that three anarchists
had been arrested at Milan in connec
tion with a plot against the life of the
President of Switzerland.
MANILLA, Nov. 19.— An unofficial re
port says the captain of a United
States army transport has landed rein
forcements in Jolo and that fighting
commenced as soon as the troops were
landed. No further particulars have
been received, as the cable is Inter
rupted.
It has come to light that two of four
murderers who were garrotted at Ama
lung,- province of Cagayan, on October
31 and who were declared to be dead,
are alive. The condemned men were
left in the garrotte eight minutes, and
afterward their supposedly lifeless bod
ies were placed in a church. Three of
them later showed signs of life. Two
were resuscitated but the third died.
A disastrous flood is reported from
the Cagayan Valley. Many native
houses, tobacco plantations and ware
houses have been destroyed. .
Cable Is Interrupted and Out
come of the Combat Is
Not Known.
Police Arrest Four Men oil
Trail of Italy's King ; :
and Queen. *
Fighting Begins as Soon
as American Rein
forcements Land.
Anarchist Admits Plbfc
to Murder Swiss *!
President.
WANTS TO KILL
BUT NERVE FAILS
TROOPS ENGAGE
REBELS OF JOLO
THE SAN FBA1S CISCO CALL, THURSDAY, NOVEMBER » 19. 1903.
13
SEE THE FULL PAGE
PHOTOGRAPHIC
PHANTASY
IN. THE
NEXT SUNDAY CALL'S
BEAUTIFUL
THANKBGTVXNCr EDITION.
MOyEY TO '-" A _^T^g wtlwoed>
6TRICTLT CONFIDENTIAL LOANS on fur-
niture, pianos or to smarted people en their
note: proper treatment guarc-nteed. ILLINOIS
TRUST CO.. r. 16, Phf'.an bM-. tel. Main T04.
HIGHLY reEpectatle private place to obtain
liberal advances ca diamonds. Jewelry, at
lowett rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store^ S40
Market st. : tel. Main 1044. Branch. 18 Third.
klONEY leaned to t«!»r!ed people, retail mer-
oh&ntc, teamsters, bcarding-hcusea. without
security- easy payments; largest, business In
46 principal citif*. Tciraan. SOS Parrott bldg.
X 1 i>er cent en furniture or piano; no remov.
al no co:r.n-.ife*ion, r.u pub!lclty;$25 up; quick,
private, cor.ftder.tial. 26 Montgomery, rra. 7.
jT JACOHSEN 4 CO.. room C21.E:nma Spreck-
el« building K>ar.« money on real estate and
ail other M-curitlet; confidential; low rates.
MUNICIPAL LOAN OFFICE. 103 Grant are..
LOANS FROM fl TO $10,000.
MONEY to loan on low interest; rold. silver,
diamonds, pearls and precious stcnes bought
- at W. J. HESTHAL'S. 10 Sixth ft.
TO »»!ar!Kl people without security; en furni-
ture; indurti^d notes and other security S. F.
Discount Aceticy, 143 Pheian building.
YOU can borrow mere money on your furniture
than aay other place in city; r.o commission.
C12 P&rrott building; phene South e55.
AT lowest rates on furniture and pianos- strict
privacy: no commission installments accepted.
BONELLI SCI Eddy, Conservatory bulldintr.
OPEN Credit Aes'n. loans on salaries confiden-
tially: new.sirflple Plan. Room 50. 819 Market.
MONEY loaned to salaried employes. G. W.
MILLER, room 74. 5th floor. Chronicle b'.dg.
3% ON furniture & pianos; $15 up; r.o removal.
V. TREMAIN, room M, C Eddy *t.. floor 4.
1 TEH cer.t en furniture or tiiano. 10u3 Mu-
tu^l Savings Bar.k bldg.. 70S Market st.
ALL loans on diamonds and Jewelry 2 per cent
cio. S. F. Collateral Lean Bank. . r «28 Kearny.
6TAR Loen Co. cf "Wycrnlr.g Jeans money to
fs'-aried employes. R. 311. Mulaal Pav.Bk-bld.
CASH loaned salaried people on notes without
irrioryer. KOREI.L. COS Kxair.ir.er h'.dg.
MISICAL INSTRl'MKXTS.
RENT a piano for $3 i^r month; vre allow fix
months' rental of ihe purchase price if you
wish to buy: this gives you elx months' trial
of the instrument for nothing; if the piano
rr-nt*d does not suit we allow the rental on
acy instrument in our stores; with such good*
as the McPhall of Boston, the Schiller and
our cwn make to select irora we can gTiar-
anteo tatisJacticn to every one In Quality,
price and urms. S«e the Scott-Curtax
"Bijou." the smalieft full ecale piano in San
Francisco. SCOTT -CUKTAZ PIANO CO..
r,C0-C2-«4 Htjes et.
ALL upn ;hta on our bargain slate to-day—
Coilard. $3I»: Filsher. $5i»: Sherman & Hyde.
. fiCO; Weber. $05: Klmba'.l. $m. Mansfield 4
Notni. lil'2T>; Haynes. $ir.C:- American, $H".5;
('h'.ckering. $1C7; Emerson. J172; Miller.
fI75; 2 Steiaways, large and eraz.ll size. $1*3
• and $200; Heir.e. large «yle. slightly used.
t;CS. Rents $2 up. apply on purchase; in-
ftallicents $4 up. HEINE PIANO CO.. 233-
237 Geary st_; Oakland branch, Fi'tf-cnth and
Broadway, old P. O. Bldg. Largest exclu-
sive wholesale ami retail dealers of the We«t.
UNTIL December 1 xrt rha.ll offer Fpeeial in-
Ouct'reerits to cash buyers on at] pianos and
email goods now In etock. Wear* t=r*ec:al
agents for the celebrated Uehr Bros, and
BauinelFter pianos. E»!=y payment* for those
*vho d?Fire. CaJI and see. THE ZENO
11AUVAIS MCSIC CO.. 7C3 Market st.
A FINE lot cf second -hand uprights from $50
up. including such rr.i.k?s as Chickericg,
Vom Kroeger Curtaz, Kirkham. Pease.
Kardman. Marshall & Wendell. Baus and
others. BENJ. CUBTAZ & SON. l« O'Far-
rtli et. No branches in San Francisco.
UAND instruments: F. Bcsscn. Paris, maker:
<Ju* Maiwaid. Agt. Pac. Coe.«t. 27>< O'Farrell:
tVlllful repairing; 2d-han3 lr.flrumer.ts sold.
A MASSIVE solid walnut ca*e Bate? organ,
two bank* of keys and p^dal Law; cc«t t'T-O;
your own price. BOWERS & SON. 11 Mason.
ALMOST new urright; cheap: cash or ins--tall-
mest. SCHMITZ & CO.. ie McAlUsu-r st.
ZrEAUTIFl'L 3-pefijU Steinuay upright piano;
perfect order; »acnflce. Keeffe'».2S5 O'FarrelL
A HARE chance; a Horntr.g Bros.' uj-rlght:
little ut»d: must be yold. 210 ?JrAIl:?ter st.
Unit-deemed ttcrage risnos and furniture dirt
cheap. Whltfhead Storage. ICtt Market st.
EOirMER, Byron Mauzy panef. Cecilian piano
player. BYRON MACZY. ."JOS-332 Post ft
ELTERIOR vlolir?. rither?. ©;a and new. H.
MULLER. rrj^kcr. rTSlrer. 2 Latham p'.ace.
A WEEK'S new* tor B cent* — The Weekly Ct'.l.
16 page*, in wrapper, fcr mailing. $1 per year.
OFFICES WU STORKS TO LIJT.
$3f»— Lfcrge ftote; good buFines* place and S
room*. ICxjO Howard. Apply bet. 10 ar.d 3.
STORE with larre bate:r.<?r.t ; b. low Keamy
Ft.; rent $"0. Apply Cif. Clay « . room 1.
pcnsoxAi.s.
A fcPEClAL KATK. ~
M. ELLA HARRIS.
To all wherj I have made prices to *;nce Jan.
1, 1903, and ivr the ensuing 'JO daye vv.ly, i will
rr.sJce a liberal reduction !roa all prices for ay
epecial and inimitable <ieep-wnr.k;e treatment.
The lady uho has Leon en exh:t,ti->n fcr some
tiir.e paet in the drursvore windows may be seen
at ray office thl» week frora J<> to 5, in order to
accommodate these who have r«»queM«i to ex-
amine the face more thoroughly la private
I teach tr.y profession. M. ELLA HARRIS
TS1 O'Farrell st.. near Laxk:n.
A CARD Of THANKS.— The Uflies cf th*
Albert Ftdr.ey Johr.Ft.in Chapter No 7S»
United D&u*rht*rr* of tk" Confederacy, wifh
to eiprpp* their eincfre thatiks and apprecia-
tion to ail uho so etnerouEly helped them in
their charity ball.
THE Ftsr Hair Remedy restores pray hair, lra-
proves its growth, ctops fa'.l'.rg, cures dar.'druS
and ltehir.g ecalp; no stain or Etlckir.esi-
eleanscs *ca!p:at drurjrlsts'.J airirewers' - ac-
fept So substitute. Ptar Herr.e<«y Co..l3iS Polk
WRINKLES «nd ail facial blemishes removed
by new Parisian method; superfluous hair re-
moved by electrolysis; teaaona Kiv» n in man-
icuring; terms reasonable. MME H. CAST-
WOOD, r. 702. Alto bldg.. Bush ar.i Kearny.
AFTER this date I will not bn responsible
for suy dfbts contracted by my wife JKS-
Bin L. WALDO. A. H. WALDO
November 19. 1303.
NOT bew cheap but how good Is the motto of
the manufacturers of the Rapid Kotary
Ftandard the eewlng-machlne of to-day. J.
W. EVANS, egent. 1021 Market st.
PHTEICIAN, 15 years' experience, cures per-
manently morphine, cocaine habit. Call or
address Centra! Pharmacy. 251 Grant ave.,
corner Butter et. : fee moderate.
RAG carpets wove to order and for eal»; also
chenille-wove rugs, eilk portieres: dealer In
carpet twine, in hark or chain, at lowest
rates. Oeo. Matthews, 7C9 Fifth 6t., Oakland.
HAVING left nsy wife I asn not responsible for
any debts or obligations contracted by her.
R. C. REDMOND. 406 Greenwich st.
DRUNKENNESS, morphine and all drugs dls-
eaeea positively cured by Willow Bark Co.,
1639 Po'.k et. ; consultation free; call or write.
AT less than cort, uncalled for suits, overcoats
and trousers at CHARLES LYONS', London
Tailor, 721 Market st.
CATARRH, acthma end bronchial troubles
cured at home; free treatment for one week.
Address Empire Medicine Co.. 707 Minna «t.
LIQUOR habit cured In 2 days or no charges;
guaranteed. Acme Liquor Cure Co., 037 Mar-
ket st.. room 203.
ELEGANT suits on easy Installments; 60 cents
and up p*r week. LEON LEMOS 1127
Market et., bet. Seventh and Eighth.
DANCINO Tuesday. Thursday. Saturday, Sun-
day evgs.. Teutonla Hall. Howard et., nr.
Sth; Prof. Foster; society dancing taught.
ANDERSON — Elegant theatrical and masquer-
ade costumes rented. 26 O'Farrell st.
EUIT9 to order on iMtallnsrcts. $1 _per we«k.
Nmhaus A Co.. merch.tallors,727-723 Market.
EUPETLFT.UOUS hair & moles removed by elec-
trtc needle. Dr. * Mrs. Traverse, 1170 Market.
THE best place to buy rood umbrellas or
hav e them covered or repaired Is 120 Stockton
TAILOR.MADE suit $7 SO; dreas pants $2 60.
MlEgt Clothing Parlor, cor. Bush and Dupont.
MASQUERADE costumes, play bocks, wigs,
country orders. GOLDSTEIN & CO.. 733 Mkt.
ALFREDUWS Egyptian Henna restores gray
hair to its natural color; $1 ; at all druggists'.
Superfluous hair and moles removed with elec-
tric needle. Mrs & Ml»« Eaton. 1118 Sutter.
PAPERHAXG1XG. PAIXTIXG. KTC.
ROOMS Daper<-d, $3 50 up: tinting, painting.
Hartmann Paint Co., 818 8d st. : tel. Main 413.
FHYSICIAXS AXD SURGEONS.
DR. C. C.^O'DONNELL— Office and residence.
1021H Market st., bet, 6th and 7th; partlcu-
lar attention paid to diseases of women.
BLOOD, skin and rectal diseases a specialty.
DR. BALL. 1073H Market st.
REMOVED — DR. WOXQ HIM, herb doctor.
v treats all dieeasrc of the human body; for
past four years at 115-117 Mason: now lo-
cated at 6G7 Geary Ft., near Leavenwortb.
DR. TONG PO CHY. successor to Dr. LI Po
TsJ. herb doctor, cures all diseases of human
ly uee cf herbs and teas. 727 Washington st.
OR. H. C. WONG. 719 Post St.; all diseases
cured by Chinese herbs; consultation free.
Tl'ONO WOO, the famous herb doctor— All dU-
c&ses cured by Chines* herbs. 748-S Clay st.
REAJ^ES^AJTJE^
WATER front lots and bargains: all tract*;
maps, photos, etc. BELL. 417 Parrott bldg.
ii°^L M^_ KOR HOUSEKEEPING.
BIRCK. 615 — Three good unfurnished rooms
for housekeeping; $7. Apply 042, Grove st.
ELLIS, 626 — Sunny furnished housekeeping
eultes. kitchen and ' running water, $14 up.
GEARY. 19.i3— $20; com*, rooms, 2 beds, bath,
toilet, gas and coal stoves; adults.
GOLDEN GATE ave.. 1042— Parlor floor of 4
rooms, furnished; use of piano; conveniences
of entire flat; sunny and pleasant.
FILBERT, 820—2 furnished rooms for light
housekeeping ; rent $11; r.o children.
FOURTEENTH. 726. north of Market— House-
keeping rooms: carpets new. .
GEARY. 1225— Cottage, three furnished house-
keeping rooms; gas. running water, garden.
JACKSON. 1517—2 sunny housekeeping rooms.
MARKET, 1219— To let; C rooms, partly fur-
nished: $12: rear; upstairs; cheap. WIL-
LIAM BURNS. ¦
MISSION. 856—2 sunny front furnished house-
kpg rooms; running water; rent reasonable.
MODEL HOUSE. 1206 Stockton st.— NewljTiurl
nlshcd roonl<! '_$5-?12; bath, gas, phone.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 10»6
Valencia st.
Ilomekpg Roonia~Apartm't House*. ¦
I EL MONTEREY, the city^e^ra^rtment I
hotel, located on the north side of Eine St..
between Hyde and Leavenworth: a' superb
brick building of Spanish architecture; all
the comforts of housekeeping combined with
the conveniences of hotel life; an excellent
grill room in connection; prices very reason-
able.
THE Frederick. 901 Stanyan opp. Park— FuTiT
apartments; prl. bath; steam heater; janitor.
ROOMS TO LET — Farn. and Unfnrn.
A— THE FREMONtT~~~~ — ~-
The most modern hotel m S F • single
and suite, baths attached; electric light and
telephone in every rm.; steam hen ted; elec-
tric elevator day and night; 75c to $1 SO
day; special rates by month. 1R84 Market
st. Take Halght. Valencia and Castro cars.
A— BRUNSWICK House. I48~slith st.— Rooms
25c to XI per night.. $1 25 to. $5 per week and
light housekeeping rooms; open all night.
AT "The Almonte," 873 Market st. (or No 1
«7 f !£ f 1 '^? 00 ™ 8 - 2r>c - 50c - **• * l 50 n'* nt :
tl 50 to $10 week; house open all night.
BURNETT. 1426 Market (old No. 1304) Fur-
nlshed rooms, suite, single; also unfurnished.
CLIFFORD, 20t Ellis, corner Mason— EWantly
furnished sunny rooms; prices reasonable.
FRANKLIN. 721. near Golden Gate ave.
Sunny front rooms; all conveniences; sulta-
ble for 1 or 2; $10.
GLEN PARK ave., 26 — Two furnished rooms
to let, one front, one rear.
GRAND Southern, 7th and Mission— Rooms 50c
to f 1 50 night; $1 to $3 week; reading-room.
HYDE. 810. near Sutter— A large sunny fur-
nlshed room. $10; also small room. $8.
JESSIE. 363, east U. S. Mint— Furnished room.
»6 per month; for 2. $.S.
LAGUNA and McAllister. St. James flat— Sun-
ny single room.
ROYAL House. 120 Ellis— Incandescent lights,
reading-room, smoking-room and ladles' par-
lor; rooms per night. 35c to $1 50; week. $2
to $S; month. $8 to $30; elevator on ground
floor; rooms with hot and cold water; baths.
THE COURTLAND. 42 Turk St.; tel. Howard
2S17; neatly furnished rooms, suite & single;
transient solicited. Mrs. M. Balrd. prop.
UNITED STATES. 12.1 Eddy st.. near Market—
400 single and family rooms; 35c to $1 night;
$1 75 to $6 week; elevator; electric lights;
reading-room; free bus and baggage.
VAN NESS. BID— Handsome sunny furnished
suites and alngle rooms; all conveniences.
"WASHINGTON, 1402— Two nice sunny front
rooms; bath; with or without board: reas.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 3d st.. near Market-
Most convenient and respectable: 700 rooms;
35c to $150 night; $2 to $S week; elevator;
¦ elec. lights; reading-room; free bus; baggage.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call Branch ofSee. cor. Duncan & Church sts.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch of nee, 2200 Fillmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia gt.
nOOMS AM) BOARD. ' T
HOTEL BALTIMORE, "^^"^^
VAN NESS AVE.. NEAR GEARY ST.
AMERICAN PLAN.
PHONE PRIVATE EXCHANGE 706.
SELECT FIRST-CLASS FAMILY HOTEL.
HOT AND COLD OCEAN WATER.
SPECIAL RATES BY MONTH.
MUNGER & ZCBSRG. PROPRIETORS.
HOTEL MARTINET, Geary st. and Van Ness
ave., has changed hands; hereafter conducted
first-class family hotel; table board specialty.
STEVENSON mansion. 807 California st. — At-
tractive and sightly rooms; best table and
service; lowest rates.
Martinet. 1101 Geary, cor. Van Ness — Changed
hands; rooms Eingle&sult; family hotel; t. b.
ROOMS AMJ HOARD WA.XTKU.
WANTED — A suite of rooms with board for
man and wife in a first-class hotel or board-
ing-house north of Market street, on or near
a car line; state rates. Address Box 4470,
Call office.
PROPOSALS. _¦
NOTICE TO CONTRACTORS.
OFFICE OF THE BOARD OF STATE HAR-
bor Commissioners; Union Depot and Ferry
House, San Francisco, California, Novem-
btr 16, 1903.
Sealed proposals or bids will be received at
this office at or prior to 2:15 o'clock p. m.
on Wednesday, December 23, 1903, for the
construction* of a section of seawall and
wharf along same to be located between
King and Channel streets on the water
front of the City and County of Sun Fran-
cisco, in accordance with the plans and
i-peciflcatlons prepared therefor by the Chief
Engineer of the Board and adopted by the
Board AuKuet 27, W03, aad on file In this
office, to which special reference is hereby
made. The work to be done under theso
specifications consists in furnishing all ma-
terials and labor for constructing and erect-
ing a stone seawall with end embankments j
and a wharf. It is estimated tnat the sea- I
wall and end embankments will contain
about 90,000 tons of stone; the wharf will
contain 36,060 square feet of wharf sur-
face. This section of the seawall will ex-
tend from the Intersection of Jhe northerly
line of Channel street (prolonged easterly)
with the water front line, six hundred <600)
feet northerly along said water front line.
The materials to be used for the construc-
tion of the seawall and end embankments
will consist of stone not subject to decom-
position nor disintegration by the action pf !
sea water or sir.
Two classas of stone will be recognized.
The first class will Include stone of one or
more cubic feet in fair assortment of size:
between one and four cubic feet; no objec-
tion will be made to etone larger than four
cubic feet; this claes of stone must be free
of seams and marked lines of cleavage. -
The second class will . Include stone of less
than one cubic foot, In assorted sizes, but
no etone le«s than five pounds will be ac-
cepted at the quarry.
The ntaterials • for the construction of the
wharf will consist of the requisite quanti-
ties of first class, close grained, Douglas
yellow fir plies and yellow flr lumber (mer-
chantable quality), wire rope, wrought iron
bolts, Bpikee, etc., all of the best quality
and subject to a rigid examination.
No bid will be - received unless It Is made
on a blank form furnished from .this office
and is accompanied by a certified check for
five per cent of the aggregate amount of
the bid, payable to the order of the Secre-
tary cf the Board, as a guarantee on the
part of the successful bidder that he will
within six (6) days after the acceptance of
the bid enter into a written contract to do
«ald work, according to the plans and spec-
ifications prepared therefor, and will also
execute and file with this Board a bond In
cuch sum as the Board may deem adequate
with a surety company, to be approved by
the Board of State Harbor Commissioners,
and conditioned for the faithful performance
of such contract: nor will said bid be con-
sidered by this Board unless delivered to the
secretary or to the assistant (.secretary, at
the office of the secretary, at or • prior to
2:15 o'clock p. m. on Wednesday, Decem-
ber 23, 1903, at which time and place the
bids will be oDened.
The Board reserves the right to reject any or
all bids If deemed for the best Interest of
the State. > >
Bidders are invited to be present at the open-
Ing of the bid*. '
CHAS.-H. SPEAR.
JOHN C. KIRKPATRICK,
J. D. MACKENZIE.
Board of State Harbor Commissioners.
LOTT D. NORTON. Chief Engineer. .
JOHN M. FO Y. Secretary.
OFFICE of Superintendent of Construction, U
a Postofflce. Courthouse, etc., 1044 Mleslon
«t., San Francisco.' Cal.— Sealed proposals
will be received at the above named office
until January 13. 1901, for the construction
packing, shipping and delivery of the interior
• finish, etc., of the U. S. legation buildings,
-„ Peking, China., in accordance with drawings
and sr>eclflcatlons. copies -of .which may be
obtained nt this office. ¦ - . ¦ -. »
J, W. ROBERTS, Superintendent. ¦
PROPOSALS---Continiied.
BIDS will be received by the Uniform Board,
National Guard . of California, at the office
of the Adjutant General, Sacramento. Cal..
up to noon o£ December 18, 1903, for furnish-
ing and delivering 3740 dress coats and 3340
raps, new regulation, for the National Guard
of California. Forms of bids and all In-
formation connected therewith can be ob-
tained on application to Lieutenant Colonel
FRED J. H..RICKON. Dlv. Q. M., recorder
of the board, room 236. Phelan building, San
' Francisco, Cal. '
SAN FRANCISCO, Cal., Nov. 18, 1003.— Sealed
. proposals, in triplicate, will be received here
until 11 o-'clock a. m., December 18. 1003, and
then opened for construction of a brick bos-
pital (including- plumbing, gas piping -and
heating) at Fort McDowell. Cal. Government
reserves rlcht to reject pr accept any or all
bids In whole or in part. .Information fur-
nished on application to'WM, S. PATTEN,
Aest. Quartermaster General. Chief (J. M. ¦
rALMrSTHY^.*
MME. DEVAS, scientific palmist and astrolo-
giEt; palm readings $1; 3 Questions by ex--
pr*B6. $1; open TueFday eve, also. 139 Post st
MME. NEERGAARD has moved to her new
bldg.. Z12 Post;phone Jamea 1; mall readings.
PROF.WALKER,palmlst.medlum,tells of lovo,
marriage.law.business.ete.SOSS^Howard.r. 9.
H. JEROME FOSELLI, scientiilc palmist. 515
Taylor *t.. near Geary. Phone Black 661.
SPECIAL XOTICES^
THE adjourned annual meeting of the lot
owners of the Odd Fellows' Cemetery Asso-
ciation will be held at the office of the a»- '
soclatlon on FRIDAY, November 20. 1003, at
0:30 a. m.. for such business as may be
legally broueht before It. By order of the
Board of Directors.
GEORGE PENLINGTON. Secretary.
Ladies! Chtchester's EnglUh Pennyroyal Pills
are best; safe. Tollable; take no other. Send 4o
stamps for particulars. "Relief for Ladles"
in letter by return mail. Ask your druggist. !
Chlchester Chemical Co..- Philadelphia. Pa.
DR. W. N. LAMB, who formerly oVcupled of-
flcrs In the Spring Valley building, is now
making a special study of electro therapeu-
tics In Chicago and will soon return to San
Francisco to take up his former practice.
SEWIXC MACHINES A.\D SUPPLIES.
NEW HOME Eenlng machine; thl* week only:
110. $15. $20: slightly used: needles 20c dor.
NEW HOME S. M. CO.. lOM Market st.
S PE CTALISTS]
CATARRH. DEAFNESS and NOISES In EARS
positlveiy-cured: new method; 1 week's treat-
ment free. Dr. Ccttingham. 204 Sutter st.
STORAGE A-ND WAREHOUSES.
A— EMPORIUM Storage & Van^CoTTTurnTture!
household goods stored, moved, shipped. 725-
7.11 Howard' St.. nr. Third; phone Grant 161.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage & Moving Co., of-
fice Post and Powell sts.; tel. I'rive. Ex. 571.
CONKLIN'f? Storage — Furniture and mercnan-
dlse. 333 Golden Gate ave. ; phone East 126.
GOLPF.N West Storage; advances made; 840 ;
MI»Son st.; tel. Howard 041. F. W. Zehfusi.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
pany. 2320 Fillmore st.; phone Jackson 2SI. '
BEKINS Van and Storage Co.. 11 Montgomery
' gt. ; tel. Main IS40. Shipping at cut rates.
i ¦ ¦» i
sti:ttehixg axd stasimerixg.
' MELBOURXE School. Van Ness-Market — Cure
in every caFe; individual teaching: no medi-
cine. Incfuirc Into wonderful cures ;home cure.
TYPEWRITERS "AND SUPPLIES.
GREAT ""BARGAINS IN TTPEWRITERS^We
sell better machines for less money than anr
house in the city: rentals $3. The Typewriter
Exchange. 630 California; telephone Main 260.
A FEW good typewriters at $30 each; get par-
ticulars. * L. & M. ALEXANDER, 110 Mont-
gomery Et. .J
2D-HAND typewriters sold, rented repaired.
Webster Typewriter Inspec. Co.. 508 Market.
MARBIAGE LICENSES.
Tlir following marriage licenses were Issued
yesterday:
Frc.l A. Tanner, 21, B73 Ellis street, and
Jer.ni* V. Wripht. IS, SSI Fulton street.
I.. r.-nzo l.t'oehettl, 2$, Vallejo, and Cat-
teiiiM I.ii'-vVti. 21, city. ' .
Frark Q. >:.-»rnps, 27. 414 Sixth street, and
MayVi: X, M.iynes, IS. 15 Gilbert street.
Frcil ;-".-Mi'in. 27. 121 Montgomery street,
and Anna Miller, 23. 121 Montgomery street.
David Anderson, :-tt» r -39"H Sacramento street,
and Maria White. 37. 25 Third street.
I'aul StoMe. 21. 1303 Masonic • avenue, and
May Walsh. 18, SICMi Dolores street.
William E. Veteran. 30. San Mateo, and
Laura M. Vontes, 32, San Mtteo.
James P. Curley, 21. city, and Annie F.
Brcnnan, IS, city.
John S. Brun, 20, Isleton. and Mary Goul-
arte, 18, Isleton.
Edward Mather.y. 24, Tuolumne, and Jennie
Nelson. 20. Tuolumne.
Harry "W. Fawke. 25. 32S Pennsylvania ave-
nue., and Alice G. Deemer. 23, 1 Perry street.
John H. Leidlg, 29, Yosemite, and Julia
Marcnett, 2«, 223 Powell street.
Fred H. Flood, 25. 1130 Stanyan street, and
Lillian P. Avis, 25, 12.17 McAllister street.
Daniel McDonald, 3S, 29C0 Twenty-fourth
street, and Marie Schuett, 38. 1218 Alabama st.
Annlbale Salvetti, 2*3. 222 Broadway, and
Zitta Pellegrini, 25, 222 Broadway.
Sherman Elszler, 30, Los Angeles, and Sarah
J. M. Culllnane. 18, city.
Charles A. Hasson, 24, Bremerton, -Wash.,
and Marcella Noon, 23. 16 White street.
Edward B. Hawes, 22, 16 Metcalfe place,
and Ovita J. Loathe. 16, 16 Metcalfe place.
Attilio Mancini. 32, 1409 Montgomery street,
and Semira Regol I, 22, 1409 Montgomery st.
Albert P. Niblack, 44, Indianapolis, Ind.,
and Mary A. Harrington, 33, 2120 California
street.
Elmer E. Dean, 39, 159 South Park, and
Lola M, Yarbrough. 33, Seattle, Wash.
Frank P. Mann. 21. 305 Austin avenue, and
Louise McLane, 18. 1832 Green street. '
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS.
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mail will not be Inserted. They must be handed
In at either of the publication offices and be
Indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
Notices restricted simply to the announcement
I of the event are published once in this column
free of charge. ¦ .
BQBN.
BRAUNSCHWEIGER— ¦ In this city, November
17, 1903. to the wife of E. Braunschwelger,
a daughter.
SULLIVAN — In this city, November 13, 1003,
to the wife of Sylvester M. Sullivan, a aon.
~ ~ mahbied] :
COOK— RING^-November 17, 1903, by the
Rev. William Kirk Guthrle, Wallace A.
Cook. Pacific Union Club, and Gertrude
Anita Ring.
FRIEDMAN— ROSENSTEIN— In this city. No-
vember 15, 1903. by the Rev. M. S. Levy,
Sam Friedman- and Sadie Rosensteln, both
• of San Francisco.
GIBBS — ITSELL — In this city, November 14,
1003 at Calvary Presbyterian Church, by
the Rev. Dr. Hugh W. Gllchrist, Harry T.
Gibbs and Mapd A. Itsell.
GLICK— GOLDSTEIN— In this city, October
18, 1903. by the Rev. M. S. Levy, Henry
Glick and Rae Goldstein, both of San Fran-
cisco..
HERZOG — LOBREE^ — In this city, November
18, 1903, by the Rev. M. S. Levy, Sigmund
Kramer Herzog of San Rafael and Rebecca
R. T-obree of San Francisco. .
JACOBS— STONE— In this city. October 25,
1903. by the Rev. M. S. Levy, Benjamin Ja-
cobs and Martha Stone, both of San Fran-
cisco.
NATHAN— STRAUSE — In this city. Novem-
ber 15, 1903. by the Rev. M. S. Levy. Alfred
J. Nathan and Frances Strause, both of San
Francisco.
PECKERMAN— HARRIS— In this city. Octo-
ber 120. 1903, by the Rev. M. S. Levy, Joe
Peckerman and Rae Harris, both of San
Francisco.
VEHLHABER— HINES— In this city. Novem-
ber 18. 1003, by the Rev. Paul Branke.
Charles Vehlhaber and Caroline Hlnes, both
of San Francisco. ¦ ¦ .
DIED.
Arnott, Isabella M. Eberweln, Teresa
Banachowski, Bron- Esterle, Dr. Albert
. lshlawa Jox, Laura
Bayuk, Frank , Hawton, Elizabeth'
Becker, Walter Llpari. Joseoh
Bltchnau, Frank . McCormlck, Jas. H.
Broderick, Katie \May, Edward
Childs, Rose E. Mervy, Dr.' Alphonse
Cunlffe. .William T. Moore. Newton C.
Dibbern, J. Henry Terry. Charles D.
Dollein, Adam L^ > an Bergen, Howard
Dosola, Frank •
ARNOTT— In this city. November 17, 1003,
at her residence, 118A Clara street, between
Fourth and Fifth, Isabella Matilda, beloved
wife o f Thomas Arnott, beloved mother ot
Isabella M. and Margaret E. Arnott -and
v Mrs Irvine K. Holtzman, and grandmother
of William and Jchn Shaugnessey, » native
of Cardiff, Wales, aged 65 years.
' . (E?r Funeral services ana , Interment private
Friday morning, November 20.
BANACHOWSKI— In this city. November. 18,
1903, at her residence, 483 Tehama street,
¦ between . Fifth and Sixth, Bronishlawa. dear-
.. ly beloved wlfo.of John Banachowski, lov-
F J. MONAHAN,- Manager. Tel. Mlsslonijl.
MONAHAN, O'HARA '& CO.
FUNERAL'DIRECTORS AND EMBALMER8.
; ' "2339-2341 Mission st..' near Nineteenth, .
San Francisco. .• >
ADVERTISEMENTS.
STATEMENT STATEMENT
. OF THE— — . • • ' OF THE^ . ". ' -,¦..-., j
CONDITION AND AFFATBS CONDITION AND AFFAIRS -y
AssuranceCompany National Standard
OF AMERICA INSURANCE COMPANY ||
OF NEW YORK. IN THE STATE OF t\T JXEW YORK. IN THE STATE OT NEW
New York, on the 31st day of December, v^York, on the 31st day of December. A. TX
A. D. 1902, and for the year ending on that 1902. and for the year ending on that day. as
day. as made to the Insurance Commissioner made tb th« Insurance Commissioner of the>
of the State of California, pursuant to th« State of California, pursuant to th« provisions
provisions of sections 610 and 611 of the Polit- of sections IU0 and 611 of the Political Code,
ical Code,\ condensed as per blank furnished condensed aFper blank furnished by tito Com-
by the Commissioner. mlssloner: . j • .; ...
CAPITAL. ZXZ CAPITA!*
A Tn° U C n a e h f . C f.°. 1 . t f!.. 6t . < r: k '., P .* 1 . d .. l !!l200,000 00 A ?^5.^..^..^. i !W» 00
ASSETS. ASSETS.
Cash Market Value of all Stocks and CaA M *rket Vau'ua of all Stocks and
Bon^s owned by Company^:..^$454,277 50 Bonds owned by Company I442.07T BO
Cash in Banks 76,824 47 p"" ln Banks 104.92T 2tt
Interest due and accrued on all ln ' ere ! t du ? T ana ¦eerued on all
Stocks and Loans 1.620 82 S to f ks *»<* Loans 1.548 68
Premiums in due Course 'of Collec- Premiums In due Course ot Collec-
tion 73,663 12 Uon » 85.369 63
Total Assets $608.394 91 Total Assets X34.121 04.
LIABILITIES. • LIABILITIES.
Losses In process of Adjustment or Lom« Inproeea. of Adjustment or ; _ s£
In Suspense $43.T45 00 »n Suspense ?«.O35 00
Losses resisted. Including expenses.. 850 00 Losses resisted. Including expenses. 735 OO
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run- Gross premiums on Fire Risks run- u*\?
ning one year or less. $331,125 94; ning one year or less. $3SS.424 86;
reinsurance 50 cer cent 190,362 07 reinsurance CO per cent 194,212 43
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run- Gross premiums on Flr« Risks run- •
ning more than one year, $S0.- ning more than ono year. $76.-
347 31; reinsurance pro rata ,44,867 89 279 05; reinsurance pro rata..... 42,282 68
Commissions and Brokerage due and Commissions and Brokerage due and :
to become due .' 15,066 83 to become due 18,949 83
All other Liabilities 17,734 14 All other liabilities 21.295 S3
Tctal Liabilities $317.816 83 Total Liabilities $324, 510 35
INCOME. Ef COME. ,
Net ea«h actually received for Fire ' Net cash actually received for Fire
premiums $429,534 72 premiums $434.002 35
Net cash actually received for Ma- Net cash actually received for Ma-
rine premiums 4 4 T4 rlne premiums 4 73
Received for interest and dividends Received for interest and dividends P ' i -¦
on Bonds, Stocks, Loans and from on Bonds. Stocks. Loans and from
all other sources 13,459 21 all other sources 13.77189
Received for profit on sale of Bonds. 13.204 81 Received for profit' on sale of Bonds. 10.117 19
Total Income $456.205 63 Total Income .' $447,966 IS
EXPENDITURES. EXPENDITURES.
Net amount paid for Fire Losses Net amount paid for Fire Losses
(including $ , losses of pre- (Including | , losses of prtvl-
vlous years) 267,480 03 ous years) ...;. $268,272 TO
Net amount paid for Marine Losses Net amount paid for Marine Losses
(including $ . losses of pre- (Including $— . losses of prevj-
vlous years) ." 89 18 oca years) i.t 39 20
Dividends to Stockholders 10.000 00 Dividends to Stockholders 10,000 00
Paid or allowed for Commission or paid or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage ... 118,318 50 Brokerage 116,887 73
Paid for Salaries, Fees and other ,„_• Paid for Salaries Fees and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc... 1.4S3 OO chargss for officers clerks, eto.. 1.333 OO
Paid for State. National and Local paid for State, National and Local
taxes ••••• 12,003 51 taxes •• 11**111
All other payments and expendl- AJ , paya,^ \^ Vx^'ndl- • ,
Wres Bgq m tures 4.963 45
Total Expenditures $400.869 31 Total Expenditures $415,379 21 .
Losses Incurred during the year.... $282,624 21 Lowm incurred during the year.. ..$282.600 80
Risks and Premium,. iSS. JSm., "** «"•»«*¦"• "" *"»**• P^m*;
. . „, . ¦"-"""" — — — jjet amount of Risks .' "
Ne JL,. amoun LJ?L R1 fh^ dar »n* «*• *
written during tne . u , miuum i"i« ii' r*
................. *52,859.148$699.016 24 N ?Yae^'X*Btai; $M - 664 ' 629 l>4 * 347 «»
N expir^ 0Un dur!°n* «*£ ?*"* « artB « th. . „
N y t 4 r mounrinVoVcV-De- MlW2>08 ° W5 -° 6087 xttZZt Ya ' force WM " "
N yembe 3 r U 31. ln iM2. C . <> ..?!: 86,663.190 461.473 23 December 81. 1902. 36.984.508 464,703 91
t Marine I Pre- Marina
Risks, and Premiums. Risks. ralums. Risks and Premloms. Risks. Premimns.
Net amount of risks I Net amount of Risks
written during the written during the . . ' -
year • $4 74 r**r ........# $9 49
Net amount of risks Net amount of Risks
expired durln* ahe expired durlns the . *¦-'
year..... .~ \ 4 74 year...; » «
Net amount In force Df- Net amount In force
cembtr 31. 1902 None. December 31. 1902. ,... .'»•«
:>¦,¦: - ROBERT C. RATHBONE. Prest. " *"" R. B- RATHBONE. Presfc'"
¦ R. B. RATHBONE, 8«cy. j6HM B. COONEY.-BecT. .
Subscribed and sworn to before me this 21st Subscribed and sworn to before me this Ztst
day of February. 1903. day of February. 1003. -
• CHRIS. BAMBACH. Notary Public' ' CHRIS. BAMBACH. Notary. Public -
G. A. HENRY & GO. 4
General Agents Pacific Coast. Department. ... . _...vV
215 SANSOME STRB5T, 'SAN FRANCISCO, CAL.
Ing mother of : Mrs. B. Rybicki and John
Jr., Isabel, Martha and Theresla Bauachow-
ski, and grandmother of AlDhonso Rybicki,
a native of . Zerkow, Poland, aged 53 years
8 months and 9 days, i .
BAYUK — In this city. November 16. 1003,
Frank,- beloved husband ¦ of Theresa Bayuk,
and cousin of John Bayuk, a native of Aus-
< trla, aged 38 years 11 months and 13 days.
ETFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited - to attend the funeral to-day
(Thursdey), at 10 o'clock, from the parlors
of McFndden, McBrearty & Green, 1171 Mis-
sion street. Interment Holy Cross Ceme-
tery. • ,
BECKER— In this city. -November 17, 1903, ,
Walter, dearly beloved son of Balthaser and
Emma Becker, and loving brother of Fred-
erick and Louisa Becker, a native of San
Francisco, aged 7 years 11 months and 27
days.
CTTriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
Friday, November 20, 1903, at 1 o'clock, at
the mortuary chapel of J. S. Godeau. 305 ;
Montgomery avenue.
BITCHNAU— In San Jose, Cal., November 17.
1003, Frank Bltchnau, a native of Ohio,
aged 56 years.
icyFriends and acquaintances are respeet-
• fully Invited to attend the funeral services
to-day (Thursday), at 2 o'clock, at the fu-
neral parlors of Craig. Cochran & Co., 429
Golden Gate avenue, between Larkin and
Polk streets. Interment Mount Olivet Ceme-
tery. *
SAN FRANCISCO Aerie No. 5. F. O. E.—
Officers and members of San Francisco Aerie
No. 5, F. O. E. : Please take notice you are
earnestly requested to attend the funeral of
our late brother, Frank Bltchnau.
BRODERICK— In East Oakland, November 18,
1903, Katie Broderick. dearly beloved daugh-
ter of John and Ellen Broderick, and loving
sister of Eleanor, Margaret and Eveline
Broderick, a native of Bodie. Cal., aged 13
years.
ETFrlends are respectfully Invited to at-
tend thefuneral to-morrow (Friday), at 9:30
o'clock, frrm the residence of. the parents,
1274 Thirteenth avenue, thence to St. An-
thony's Church, where a requiem high mass
will be celebrated for the repose of her soul,
commencing at 10 o'clock. Interment St.
Mary's Cemetery.
CHILDS— In this - city. November 17, 1903.
Rose E.. helov-' daughter of Charles and
Mamie Childs, and granddaughter of the late
Jeremiah nnd Ha-norab O'Sullivan, a native
of San Francisco, agtd 10 months and a
days. (London, England, papers please copy.)
(CJ'Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Thursday), at 1 o'clock, from the parents'
refiiJence, St Crocker street, off West Mis-
sion. Interment Holy Cress Cemetery.
CUNIFFE— In this city. November IS, 1903,
William Thomas, dearlr beloved ssn of
George and Catherine Cunlffe, and brother
of Geonre WUIlam Cunlffe, a native of San
Francirco, aged C months and IS days. .
DIBBERN— In this city. November 18, 1903,
J. Henry Dibbern, a native of Germany,
as'jtl Sl« year.*.
(CFrier.ds nre Invited to attend the fu-
neral services to-morrow (Friday), at 10:30
o'clock, at the chapel of N. Gray & Co.. 323
Sutter street. Interment Cypress Lawn
Cemetery.
DOLLEIN— In this city. November 17, 1905.
Adam L., beloved husband of Margaret Dol-
lein, and father of George, Gertrude. Emll,
Adam and Mairclelena Dollein, a native of
Germany, aged 41 years.
E?"Frlend8 and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Thursday), at 1 o'clock, from the funeral
parlors of Bunker & Lunt, 2600 Mission
street, between Twenty-second and Twenty-
thini. Mission Masonic Temple. Interment
private.
DOSOLA— In this citv, November 13, 1003.
. Frank Dosola, at native of- Italy, aged <M
years. , . '. I •
EBERWEIN-^Jn this city. November 18, 1903.
Teresa, beloved • wife of Martin D. Eber- :
wein. mother of William and the late Wai- i
ter Eberweln. and sister of Mrs. T. Ratch-
Ictil. Mrs. M. Murphy and Thomas. John, i
" Michael nnd Nora Gorman, a native of
County Galway, Ireland, aged 20 years 10
months and L'.'j days. (Los Angeles papers
plram copy.)
C? Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at S:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 1347 Minna street, between Four- ¦
teti.th and Fifteenth, thence to St. Charles :
Uorron;co's Church, where a requiem high
mass will be celebrated for the rer>ose. of '
her soul at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery.
ESTERLE— In St. Helena, November 17, 1903,
Dr. Albert M.. beloved husband of S. Ger-
trude Smyth Esterle, and brother of Mrs.
James Fenner of San Francisco, a native of
Pennsylvania, eged 59 years.
• (C Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral sen-ices
Friday afternoon. November 20, 1903, at 2
o'clock, at the parlors of Albert Brown, 872
Thirteenth street, Oakland. Interment pri-
vate. ' . v - • • |
FOX-^In East; Oakland, November 17, 1903,
Laura, wife of the late William B. Fox. and
dearly beloved mother or William E., Charles
M. and John B. Fox, Mrs. C. Levaillant,
Mrs. C. Paige and Violet M. and Earl V.
Fox, a native of England, aged t)4 years 4
months and 1 day.
HAWTON— In this city, November 18, 1903,
Elizabeth, beloved wife of Robert T. Haw-
ton, and mother of Frank J. and Maria
Hawtcn, a native of England.
LIPARI— In this city,- November 17, 1903, Jo-
seph Llpari, an old pioneer of California,
beloved husband of Santa Lipari, and dear
father of Sister Mary de Sales, Mrs. Dora
Perkinson, Harry Llpari and the late Abra-
ham Llpari and Matilda Lioari, a native of
Italy, aged 73 years 3 months and 13 days.
(Palermo, Italy, Prescott. Ariz.. New York
City and New Orleans. La., papers please
copy.>
(n7"rTie \ funeral will take place to-day
(Thursday), at 12:30 o'clock, from the par-
lors of McFadden, McBrearty & Green, 1171
Mission street. Interment private. Holy
Cross Cemetery.
McCORMICK— In this city, November IS, 1903,
James Henry - McCormtck, beloved husband
of Llllle M. McCormlck, and son of John
and Eliza McCormlck, a native of Pesca-
dero, Cal., aged 23 years f> months and XI
days.
JETTuneral and Interment Friday at Pes-
" cadero, Cal.
MAY— In this city. November 18, 1903, Ed-
ward May, husband of Margaret C. May,
father of Alice B. May, and brother of Mrs.
L. Livingston, a native of Germany, aged
61 years and 10 months. .
(C^Funeral services to-morrow (Friday), at
9 o'clock, at his late residence. 16SO Fell
street. Interment private. Please omit flow-
ers.
MERVY— In San Diego. November 17. 1903,
Dr. Alphonee Mervy. a native of France.
MOORE— In this city, November 14, 1903,
Newton Cadwell. beloved and only son of
Charles C. and Lillian May Moore, a native
of San Francisco, aged 7 years 9 months
and 7 days. »
• (E7Funeral private Friday, November 20,
at 2 o'clock, from the residence of his
parents, 3100 Washington street.
TERRY— In this city, November 18, 1903.
Charles D. Terry, beloved brother of Albert
A. and John O. Terry and Mrs. Frances
Bennett, a native of San Francisco, aged 44
years 10 months and 9 days.
C7Frlends .^nd acquaintances and mem-
bers of the Theatrics' Mechanics' Associa-
tion No. 21 are respectfully Invited to at-
tend the funeral to-morrow (Friday), at 10
o'clock, from his late residence, 516 Jones
meet. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery, by
train leaving Third and Townsend streets
at 11:30 o"clock.
VAN BERGEN— In this city, November 17,
1903, Howard Hooper, son of John W. and
the late Harriet McLeod Van Bergen. In his
eighteenth year.
E7"Funeral- services will be held at the
family residence, San Mateo. Thursday, at
11:30 o'clock. Special train leaves Third and
Townsend streets at 10:15 o'clock, returning
at 12:30 o'clock. Interment private. -•:.
CARD OF THANKS.
¦ We desire to exnress our heartfelt thanks
to our many friends for the kindness and
sympathy expressed during our bereavement.
. C. RASMUSSEN and Children.
REAL ESTATE--CITY-— FOIl SALE.
CEEDIT ACCTIOK.
CREDIT AUCTION.
CREDIT ACCTIOIf.
CREDIT. AUCTION.
CREDIT AUCTION.
THUKSDAY, NOV. l», 1003.
AT 12 M.
VON BDEIN REAL ESTATE CO.,
BIS CALIFORNIA 8T.
WITHOUT LIMIT OR RESERVE.
1-3 CASH. REMAINDER IN 1. 2. AND S YES.
INTEREST 6 PER CENT.
DeTlMdero lot; a4xJO3:lV4: *s*t Hn» of De-
rlssdero. OS ft. south of Union; splendidly
adapted for residence or modern fiats.
Green-«t. lot; superb icirla* view; 34:1^*'
137:6; south line of Green; 1O3:1H «sst ©f
r>«TlB»der».
P. I H^-g J-.l TERMS *50
t 2 gl * t{ PER LOT ,,
: 30 : 5 (i57) u
tl 4(i'g)g9 : V> REMAINDER AT- 7
Lfe g ; JIOPERMOH^. E
|6 6 l "g] | INTCRCST G% v
b 7 26 j rf 24T-ST. CARS g
G 3 6 feS 3 " WITHIN ONE BIflCI g
5 = 5 24~: V; Aa UNZS TRAKS- £
& io ** \ I r a T0 2ATr - ST a
11 So^d ~; I CAR"--
: it | sou; ¦
Tfrffi 4Jd la U
fXVRDA O» M* SmttT
JtrtM n»glPO3A. «St. H (
1 SOLD /I |-
s '"*' / i
5 . /to cc
o $/ <5OL0 ° §
g ° 4/ AS A E
£ 4$/ wnou
/ y K tAw < =s
S < / ' S «< n Q
D = / ¦* j f-
F w / 'JoS
G & / a 2
§ /T^ST.CARS WmilN
•^ / ONt BLOW g
p » ALL UNE3 TRANSFER. 2
g g TO 24TWSTCAR3... jg
g r loo .1 "
fl8tft)^OLAMO «^>T
ALSO THE FOLLOWING LOTS:
COxlOO— W. line of Arkansas, coxameactof)
850 ft. S. of Colnsa (Twenty-sixth st.)
BOxlOO— W. line of Connectlcnt, commeno-
lsg 496 ft. S. of Colnsa or Tirenty-slxth.
75x100— E. line of Michigan, eommenclnxj
200 ft. S. of Coluss. or Twenty-sixth.
100x100— E. line of Missouri, commencing
00 ft. S. of Yolo or Twenty-fifth.
25x100— E. Hoe of Arkansas, commenctag
200 ft. li of NeTada, or Twenty-third.
33x100— N. TV. cor. Nerada or Twenty -third;
and Connecticut.
80x100 — W. line of Connecticut, commenc-
ing 00 ft. N. of NeTada or Twenty-third.
73x100— B. line of Connectlcnt, eommenc-'
Ing 100 ft. N. of Nevada or Twenty-third.
97:5x100— E. line of Connecticut, com-
mencing 330 ft. N of NeTada or Twenty-third.
100x100— W. line of Missouri, commencing:
100 ft. N. of NeTada or Twenty-third.
tOxlOO— N. W. cor. Missouri and NeTada'
t Twenty-third.
COxlOO— E. line of Connecticut, commendac
100 ft. sooth cf Nerada or Twenty-third.
nCxlOO— E. line of Connecticut, commeoc-.
Ing 200 ft. S. of NeTada or Twenty-third.
BOxlOO — W. line of lilMmirl, commencing
100 ft. S. of Nevada or Twenty-third.
50x100— W. line of Missouri, commesdsg
200 ft. S. of Nevada or Twenty-third.
60x100—2. lice of Missouri, commencing
60 ft. 8. of NeTada or Twenty-third. ,
— •—
60x100— E. line of Texas, commencing 100,
ft. N. of NeTada or TwecTy-third.
4S:SHx3OO— E. line cf Mlstiaslppl. com-
cseacbj 125 ft. N. cf Nevada or Twenty-
third.
23x109— S. E. cor. Texas and NeTada or.
Tweaty-ttlrd.
25x100— T,. line of Teias, commencing 23
ft. S. of Nevada or Tr.enty-thlrd.
lOOzlOO— E. line cf Tcsas. commencing 300
ft. N. of Yolo or Tw*iit> -fifth.
MODERN cottages; finished complete with
every convenience; easy terms; large lots.
4 rooms — J2&00.
6 rooms — J.1250. x
6 room* — $.TT.0O.
6 rooms— $3600.
E rooms — $4000.
Lccated on First and Second are., b#t.
Geary and McAllister ct. cars and one block
north of park. F.' NELSON, builder.
MODERN 5- room cottaee: elegantly finished
Inside; easy terms. Edinburgh St., bet.
I'razil end Persia.
. BUILD on your unimproved realty; we loan
full ccn Improv. ar.d part lot at 6 per cent.
MANHATTAN LOAN CO.. Crocker building.
t FINK income rtats on Fulton, nr. City Hail;
r»asonab:*. Inquire 142 Fulton ct.. owner.
! FOIt Fale— SE. corner of Vicksburit and Ells-
al":h: let r,Ox114: $2400. 2536 Howard St.
| REAL ESTATE — Country — For Sale.
'• SANTA CLARA COUNTT HOMES.
1'u acres adjoining town; best land, barn and
I fences; $3000. 10 acres, all In pruaes. apricots
• and p«aeh*s; good buildings; complete; SluOO.
Other r'.acp g< 5 to 600 acres
I'ETEUSON REALTY CO.. 1035 Market st.
j ALFALFA lands, etock ranches, orchards,
vineyards; inspected bargains; monthly cata-
lceues stnt free. C. M. WOOSTER CO.. 648
Market Et.
FOn sale—A house of 4 rooms, with 2 lots,
each .V»xT0 feet. In a town in Sonoma, County.
fcr rartlrulars apply at Call office.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cent*— The Weekly Call
11 pngif, in wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
DKRKELEY ItEAL ESTATE.
%27V> — NEW, modern 6-r. cottage; lot 40x133-
««ww Cn -f^ Iock frora orth Berkeley elation. '
?C000— i.J«4 acres on Claremont ave : choice lo-
cation for fine home
?12 °°Addl^on a "t : nCar nCW Santa Fe depot:
$1500— 1M feet on Grove st.. near Parker- this
I price for limited tlme;'thr£f factor^' slfia
en railroad. West Berkeley, for sale
Lar^e li«t of bouses and Iota for k»1» '
CHENET & BERRY. P. Q. block. BJrkeley.
A HOME in Berkeley; new and ud to date-
location the very best; small cash payment'
remainder Installments less than rent 8 F*
and S. Hcme-building Society, 708 Market
et.. San Francl»co. ' ««"»ei
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE, 1118 BE0ADWi.Y.
OAKLAND HEAL ESTATE.
ffeOO CASH, f 13 monthly; a new 2-«tory house
of 8 rooms: barn; summer-house; lmmew
oaVs, laurel and other trees; a large creek
through the grounds; good well of water- 10
lots. i!TX)xll5; grand soil and no better cli-
mate la California; one can make a good liv-
ing en this place; no winds or fogs and one
cf the most delightful spots you ever saw-
adjoining East Oakland; price, in all S2800 :
if you can uae thu property it is one of the
Leut you can have; call or send for circular
4»5 Seventh St.. opp. Broadway station. Oak-
land: carriage free. H. Z. JONES, owner.
OAKLAND ROOMS TO LET.
VENDOME AND GRAND HOTELS,
iC.'.S Washington and 010 Ninth sts Oak-
land; furnished rooms en eulte or single with
or without board; special rates to families.
Oakland Roomlng-Hongai for Sale.
FOR SALE— Private house, 12 rooms all~fun*
selling account of other business.- Inoulre
at 1050 Market St.. Oakland. "
OAIvLAXD^KURXITlJUE FQR SALE.
TO-MORROW the daynfor~bargalna In ¦'f urnl^
lure. II. Schellhaas, 11th st.,cor.6tore,Oaklnd.Gas Company Declares Dividend.
This famous resort . ls more attractive ¦ this
season than ever. Golf, Automobilingr. Fish-
Ins. Boating. Bathlns. etc. Ticket.' San Fran
cisco to Del Monte and return,, good from Sat
urday,tlll Monday, including two days' enter
tain ment at Hotel, only $10. To Los Angelas
.with stop at Del Monte and -two days', enter
tainment at Hotel. 122. Get tickets at South,
era Pacific office, 613 Market st. ¦ • ¦
A Del Monte ' Opportunity.
Thomas B. Kullujlan was arrested yes
terday by Detective Whltaker on a war
rant charging him with petty larceny.
The complaining witness is M. B. Mlh
ran, proprietor of a • Turkish rug store
at 205 Post street He alleges that while
Kullujlan was in his employ on August
25 he stole a rug. a portierre and a
pillow cover. Kullujlan denies that he
stole the articles and says that Mihran
was In the habit ' of sending him with
presents to women and that his arrest is
due to spite because he had Instituted suit
to recover from - Mlhran $1730, . two years
wages due him.
Saleman Accused of Stealing.
Answers to the contest of the will of
the late Isabella Duncan Clark, who
committed suicide at McNutt's hospital
September 10, were filed yesterday by
Dr. W. F. McNutt, executor of the will,
and Grace K. Strohn, a sister of the
deceased. They deny that Miss Clark
was mentally unsound or unduly in
fluenced 1 when she made the will, the
day before she took her own life, and
ask that the win be admitted to pro
bate, and that they be given judgment
for their costs.
The contest was brought by Alice A.
Hart and Mary F. Carter, sisters of the
deceased, who were not remembered in
the will, Mrs. Struhn being the resid
uary legatee. They charged that their
sister was not in condition, mentally, to
make .the will and that she was unduly
influenced by Dr. McNutt.
McNTJTT AND MBS. STBOHN
ANSWER CONTEST OP WTLL
Deny That Miss Clark Was Incom
petent or Unduly Influenced at
. Time It Was Made.
Deceased was widely known in. this city,
where he had lived for many years. He
was a single man, a native of Hamburg,
Gerriiany, . and _would have -been. 50 years
old on "Monday. His estate is said to be
quite a large one and is supposed to have
been bequeathed to relatives in Germany.
¦ - Dibbern was ; an' old member, of the San
Francisco- Vereln. • His funeral .will take
place : to-morrow at ! 10 o'clock."
Henry J. Dibbern, a member of the firm
of Manheim. Dibbern & Co., died shortly
after 8 o'clock yesterday, morning in his
apartments at the Palace hotel, where
he had resided f or . a number of years
He had been under the care of a doctor
for some time, owing to heart trouble
which is given as tho cause of his death'
Late Tuesday . night he was in the grili
room of the Palace talking with friends
about a proposed trip to the springs and
went to # his room about midnight. Yes
terday morning:, a few minutes before 8
o'clock, he. rang for a bell boy and dis
patched v him. for -his doctor. Tho latter
had hardly arrived at the Palace when
Dibbern .'expired. , ¦¦
Throughout" the City, a Victim
of Heart Failure.
Henry J. Dibbern, Widely Known
WEALTHY BACHELOR,
DIES AT THE PALACE
Secretary L. M. King of the associa
tion has had prepared an enormous
map of North America and the Pacific
Ocean with 'the Intent "to show graphi
cally that San Francisco will be great
ly benefited by the construction of the
proposed isthmian . canal. He will de
monstrate by the map that vessels from
the Atlantic and the Gulf of Mexico
will pass within twenty miles of this
port on their way to either Yokohama
or Hongkong. On a flat surface it
would not appear that such would be
the shortest route, hut it is true, never
theless, as ls evident when the curva
ture of the earth is considered.- "The
merchants, it is said, are about all in
favor of the canal. ..
The board of directors of the Mer
chants' Association has decided to hold
Its annual banquet at the Palace Hotel
on December 8. The general , subject
of the post-prandial discussions will
be "San Francisco's Display at the St
Louis Exposition." The importance of
having this great city properly repre
sented at the World's Fair is appre
ciated .by every one. residing within the
municipal boundaries, . and great inter
est will he felt In what the commercial
and other. leading, men will say. at the
Merchant's Association banquet.
J. A. Filcher, who Is, a. commissioner
from this State to tho exposition, will
deliver an address descriptive of the
gigantic preparations now being made
at St. Louis. William H. Mills, who
had charge of the Southern. Pacific
Company's exhibits at Buffalo and at
Paris, will tell what San Francisco can
do and how it should be done. John
McNaught will explain why this city
should be . made known at the fair.
Various other prominent citizens will
speak on pertinent subjects.
Every seat in the banquet room , will
be reserved. The Merchants' Associa
tion commenced sending out Invitations
to the affair yesterday. It. is expected
that this banquet will be the most suc
cessful in. the '. history of the organiza
tion.'
"Three years ago while engaged in
mining in the Solomon River country I
discovered that freight rates by. horse
or dog teams from Nome, to Council
City were on the average $55 a ton, an
amount which to men of ordinary
means was prohibitive. It occurred to
me that a steam railroad, even of
crude construction and with slow
trains, would save half of this money
to miners, and at the same time earn
large profits. I then returned to this
ctty and Interested Eastern capitalists
In the project, and the railroad is now
being built. Surveys for half, a dozen
routes were made, but the. best was
selected. Half a million dollars -is i be
iing 6i>ent v in construction ' and mate
rials. Men have been taken from
this city .to work on the road, and
everything is going smoothly. Nearly
$500,000 has already been expended."
."We. have fifty-two miles of general
construction material on hand. We
are shipping millions of ties * into the
country,' and by next summer we In
tend pushing the work with great
rapidity. Our company ls Incorporated
for $1,000,000 and has no stock for sale.
In discussing railroad building In the
far north Mr. Dickson said the com
pany he represents purposes building
a large system of railroads there. Its
plan- ls to gridiron Alaska In order
that the country may be developed. He
stated that the road was passing
through the richest territory in the
world. Discussing the stiuatlon Mr.
Dlckson said:
¦'J. Warren Dlckson, vice president
end general manager of the Western
AJaska Construction Company, is a
guest at the Occidental Hotel. Mr.
Dlckson is on his way to New York to
discuss railroad matters with his fel
low directors, and he has photographs
and data to Ehow the big investors
how the road Is progressing.
The road makes accessible and opens
up the richest mining section In the
world. The company has now In course
of construction the Council City and
Solomon River Railroad, which ex
tends from tide water at Solomon City,
Alaska, thirty-eight miles from Nome,
to Council City, a distance -of fifty
miles.
• ... . ..- rj» .-.
Eastern Capitalists In
terested in the
Project.
Merchants' Association
Makes Ready for
Banquet.
MANY PROMINENT
MEN WILL SPEAK
ALASKA T0 HAVE
MANY RAILROADS
The Election Commission yesterday
completed the official canvass of the
election returns with the result that
Oscar Hocks is elected Supervisor over
Robert Loughery by twenty-seven
votes. The last change was the loss to
H6cks of two votes in the nineteenth
precinct of the Forty-fourth Assembly
District, which reduced by that num
ber his lead of twenty-nine of the day
before. The Election Commission will
meet next Monday afternoon to an
nounce the official result in the case
of each candidate for office. The change
in the votes of other candidates did
not affect the result originally an
nounced.
Loughery is satisfied that he was
fairly beaten by Hocks and will grace
fully retire from office on January 8
next. _ He. has received advantageous
offers of positions by Influential friends;
Statements of election expenses filed
yesterday with Registrar Walsh. show
that Henry J. Crocker spent $583 and
Franklin K. Lane $391 45 in their cam
paign for the Mayoralty. JohnJ. Grelf,
candidate for County Clerk, spent $372;
L. N. 1 Jacobs, "for Recorder? $132; Ed
Sweeney, Police Judge, $150; T. Le
land. Coroner, $397 50; Horace Wilson,
Supervisor, $117 50; Peter Curtis, Sher
iff; $775; M.sHynes, Public Administra
tor, $145; H. H. Lynch, Sheriff, $793 50;
E. P. Mogan, Police Judge, $453; • E.
Algeltlnger, Supervisor, $104 80. \
Completed Canvass Shows That He
Leads Loughery by Twenty-
Seven Votes.
OFFICIAL COUNT MAKES
HOCKS A SUPERVISOR
Judge Long also formally announced
yesteftlay that he would appoint John
S. Partridge to succeed Chief Deputy
George Lane. Partridge is a graduate
pf the University -of California and
Hastings College of the Law. He has
practiced for ten years and was chair
man of the late Republican convention.
City Attorney-elect Percy V. Long
announced yesterday that he would
retain William I. Brobeck as his second
assistant when he assumes office next
January. Brobeck has been eleven
years in the office and has handled
some of the most Important litigation
in which the city has ever been a par
ty. He is now conducting the national
bank tax cases in the United States
Supreme Court, and the taxing of bank
franchises and the tax case of the
United Railroads in the State Supremo
Court. The fact that he is familiar with
all the details of the litigation is the
mam reason for his retention by Long.
Brobeck's salary is $3000 a year. He
served under former City Attorney
Creswell and is now Lane's second as
sistant. He could have had the nom
ination for City Attorney on the Dem
ocratic ticket, but declined it He is
said by lawyers to be one cf the best
authorities in this city on municipal
and constitutional law. Brobeck was
offered the place several days ago, and
accepted it yesterday. Discussing the
matter Mr. Brobeck said yesterday:
"It is true that I have consented to
accept reappointment under Judge
Long. While it Is my desire to retire
to private practice, the rewards of
which more nea'rly compensate for the
services rendered, I feel ' that I owe
something to the citizens of San Fran
cisco, In whose service as Assistant
City Attorney I have been so long. A
change of counsel in some of the im
portant litigation now in my care
would place the city's interest at a se
rious disadvantage. I have had the de
fense of the national bank tax cases,
which are now upon the calendar of
the United States Supreme Court for
argument next April. The city has been
successful in these cases in the United
States Circuit Court and in the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals. To
change attorneys now might be disas
trous to the city's interests. The same
is true of the San Mateo Railway case,
now under submission in our Supreme
Court, upon the decision of which de
pends the power of local assessment of
the properties of the United- Railways,
and also of a number of cases In the
State and Federal courts involving the
taxation of franchises."
City Attorney - Elect
Long to Reappoint
Second Assistant.
BROBECK WILL
RETAIN PLACE
2 p." m.— The "'three great -pioneers, "Lucy
Stone," Mrs. Julia S. Sanborn; "Elizabeth
Cady Stanton." Mrs. Mary McHenry; Keith;
• 'Susan B. Anthony. ' " Mrs: M.' L. W. Curtis ;
"Present Status of Coeducation,". Dr. Sarah I.
Shuey;- collection; "California Laws as: They
Affect Women," Albert H. Elliot; "Question
Box." Miss. Gall Laughlin; executive commit
tee meeting. ¦ —
In the evening Mrs. Elizabeth Mur
ray Newman gave a reading, entitled
"An Obstacle," MIsb Gail Laughlin of
New York made an address on "The
Moving Finger Writes" and a solo was
rendered .by Mrs. Schultz. . .!.
The convention is laying, plans to get
woman suffrage In California. Among
the States where the women now f enjoy
that , privilege are Wyoming, Utah,
Colorado and Idaho' /
Among those present were: 1 * .
San Francisco — Mrs -¦ Austin* Sperry, ' Mn.
Lloyd .Baldwin, . Mrs E.J. Foster, Mrs. Nellie
Holbrook J311nn, Mrs " Dorothy i Harnden, Mrs.
Alice Park. Mrs. E. j. Hill. Dr. Mary Sperry,
Miss Beda .Sperry. Mrs; J. • L. ' Bumside. Mr«.
George J. : Hobe, Dr. Alida -¦ C. Avery. -Mrs.
8ara McLaughlin. Mrs..Alice-HunVMrev Eliz- ;
abeth Murray Newman -Miss Clara Schlin*
heyde. Mrs. R. -W; MasUck '
Alameda ., County — Miss Carrio : A. > Whelan.
Mrs.; Emma. Shatter Howard..Mrs. C.'W. Em
ery, Mrs. James A. Waymlre, . Mrs. Mabel
Craft Deerln* ¦ Miss • M S. Keene. Mrs. C. L.
Wood Mrs. ¦ I. N.. Chapman; Mrs. S. Tates,
Mrs. Thomas H. Speddy.' Mrs. Woodhams, Dr.
A J.- Patterson. Mrs. Lowell* J. Hardy, Mrs.
H. F. Eastman. . ' ' . ¦ .
San Jose-rMrs. < P. - M Gassett. . Dr. Jennie
Bearby , and •• Mrs. Morgan. Cupertino — Mrs.
Watson Taylor and Mrs. ' Elizabeth Lowe Wat
son. Palo Altt> — Mrs, A. L. Corbert and Mrs.
F. /W. Sherman.- Glen Ellen— Mrs. Olga Gor
denker. Sonoma — Mrs. Granlce. Watson vllle
— Mrs. Mary JE. Little. "
To-day's*^ programme -will be as fol
lows: . . • . ' . ...
10 a. m. — Amendments 'to "constitution, re
port of .credentials committee,' election of offi
cers, executive session.'. : ¦. -
In the afternoon the report of the
chairman of the advisory committee on
organization, was read and the plans
for organization were discussed.
READING IS GIVEN.
The reports of the various officers
were read and the following com
mittees were appointed: Press, Mrs.
Clare O. Southard, Mrs. Charles New
man; hall and entertainment, Mrs.
McLaughlin; literature, / Mrs. Park;
credentials, Mrs. Clara "Schlingheyde,
Miss Carrie- A. Whelan, Mrs.. T. H.
Speddy; resolutions, Mrs. I. N. fchap
man, Mrs. William Keith, Mrs. W.
Taylor, Mrs. Olga Gordenker;^ cour
tesies and finance, Mrs. Fred Harden.
Mrs. Mary Simpson Sperry, president
of the State association, made the re
sponse and read her address.- She spoke
of the alms of the association, its
past work and its future plans.
The association now has about 600
members in this .State . and several
thousand dollars in the treasury. It
is. the intention of the society to use
this money in the establishment of
branch associations in all of the large
towns throughout the State, creating
at least one branch in each county.' In
many of the towns In the State the
branches have died out and others have
never had any. The association has
secured Miss Gail Laughlin of New
York as its State organizer. It hopes
within the coming year to have en
rolled enough members to make it ad
visable to present Its plans to the Leg
islature of 1904.
AIMS OF ASSOCIATION.
I call the attention of the Legislature to the
desirability of gradually extending the sphere
In which the suffrage can be exercised by
women. — Preeident Roosevelt, in his message
to the New York! Legislature. . ; 5*j :•
The convention opened at 10 o'clock
in the morning. Rev. Bradford
Leavltt, pastor of the First Unitailan
Church, and G. B. Benham, president
of the San Francisco Labor Council,
made the opening , addresses. Mr.
Leavitt encouraged the women in, the
good work he said they were doing and
said the greater number of^the prom
inent suffrage workers in the United
States were Unitarians. Mr. Benham
said he had always been a suffragist,
his mother was one; that he was in
favor of equal rights to all and would
present the merits of "the question
whenever possible ' before the public
and the labor organizations.
The annual convention of the Cali
fornia Woman Suffrage Association
was opened yesterday at Golden Gate
Hall, on Sutter street. The convention
was largely attended, delegates from
all over the State being present. The
ladles are working, as Lucy Stone once
said, for "Justice, simple justice." The
sentiment of the meeting was in direct
harmony with those of two of the
country's Presidents, which are as fol
lows:
I go for all sharing the privileges of gov
ernment who assist in bearing its burdens,
by no means excluding women. — Abraham Lin
coln.
California Women Who
Would Vote Hold
Convention.
PRESIDENT OF WOMAN SUF
FRAGE ASSOCIATION NOW
HOLDING CONVENTION. l
A. Gordon, who occupied the second
story of the tenement, and S. Candeot
to, who cobbled shoes in the front room
of the ramshackle structure, responded
to Mrs. Campodonico's call, but the
dog denied them entrance to his home
until one of the men was forced to
kick him out of the way. Then the
beast's snarl changed to a pitiful
whine and he retreated to the side of
his dead mistress and fondly licked one
of her cold hands. When the men at
tempted to touch the corpse the dog
again resented their intrusion and
snapped and growled until they satis
fied themselves that the object on the
floor was beyond human aid. Then
they went and notified the Coroner,
leaving the dog alone with its dead.
While Deputy Coroner Brown was
removing the body the dog could
scarcely be restrained from flying at
him. When the corpse was driven
away in the morgue wagon the faith
ful animal lay down and howled In
distress. All day he stayed there and
the humble folk in the- neighborhood
supplied him with food, which, how
ever, he refused to touch, although it
was evident that he had npt eaten
since his mistress fed him:
Mrs. Periera was a widow, about 70
years of age, and lived in abject pov
erty. For her food she was dependent
upon the charity of her neighbors,
most of whom are almost as poverty
stricken as she was, a'nd the miserable
room in which she lived was only paid
for when she had a few cents. All that
her acquaintances knew concerning her
was summed up in the information
imparted by Cobbler Candeotto:
"She vfcray old an' she veray seeck
alia time. Hosband? No. Cheeldren?
No. She onlay have dog."
Mrs. Campodonico stated that Mrs.
Periera had been her tenant about sev
en months and that she paid her rent
when she had money. "Which was
veray sel-dom," sighed ,Mrs. Campo
donico. /.''
The woman died some time Monday
nlght t and her fate was not dis
covered until about 10 o'clock yester
day morning, when the owner of the
tenement, Mrs. S. Campodonico of
1817% Powell street, went to collect her
rent. She found the door of Mrs. Per
iera's apartment open, and when she
attempted to enter an angry growl and
a display of glistening, teeth drove her
back. The little dog that had been her
tenant's sole companion stood in the
doorway and angrily refused to be
scared away. While attempting to ap
pease the animal's wrath with soft
words Mrs. Campodonico caught a
glimpse of the interior of the room and
what she saw caused her to run in af
fright and cry for aid. The uncovered
bed was empty, but alongside it, wrap
ped in a dirty and ragged blanket, lay
the form of a woman.
Canine fidelity has seldom found
more pathetic exemplification than in
the guarding of his mistress' remains
by the pretty fox terrier that shared
the squalid home of Mrs. Maria Per
iera at 2 Washoe place, a cul-de-sac on
Vallejo street, between Powell and Ma
son.
• The resolution proposed by Superin
tendent Langdon that the daily ses
sion of the Commercial School termin
ate at 3 o'clock p. m., instead of 3:30,
was lost. . : •;
Resolved, That not less than twenty minutes'
Instruction • during ¦ each school week ; shall b«
given In all the primary, grammar . and high
school grades in the elements of physiology
and hygiene, with special reference to the ef
fect of alcohol and narcotics on the human sys
tem and that the principals and ; teachers be
required to include in instruction the correct
use of the "emergency roll and first aid to
the injured" that has been supplied to all the
classes.
Under soeclal directors of manual' train-
Ing, • physical culture, cooking, 'music and
drawing, work in these subjects has been eo
systematized that pupils may pass from grade
to crude or school to school without ' loss' of
time. It 'Is the aim of the superintendent's of
fice to systematize the work In the common
branches In similar manner. ¦ It Is believed that
by simplifying method*, by cutting out non
essentials, by laying greater emphasis -on es
sentials, by correlating subjects, the work may
be greatly lightened for both teachers and
pupils.- . . ; i ¦ • .-
The Board of Public Works is requested to
prepare plans, specifications and estimates of
the cost of completing the yards of the Noe
Valley School In concrete and bitumen.' ¦ • -
WORK IS SYSTEMATIZED!
The preparation of a graded course
of study in drawing was referred to the
Superintendent of Schools, the course
to, take effect January 11, 1904...
' Superintendent Langdon filed- his
monthly report on the standing of
schools, 398 of which were Inspected by
his department.. The report says that
while all the schools are working yn
der the same course of , study it is
found that much still needs to be done
to unify the work. Different meth
ods are used and subjects are treated
from different points of view. The re
port concludes:
The loss of time in passing from grade to
grade has been largely overcome by the efforts
of principals in unifying the work within each
school.
In accordance with the recommenda
tion of Principal Bush of the Polytech
nic High School, Mrs.' Irene D. Reeves
was, by consolidation, left out of her
position as teacher in the school and
was placed on the unasslgned list of
teachers without pay. Director Walsh
voted against ousting Mrs.' Reeves.
The latter once before lost her position
under similar circumstances, but the
Superior Court ordered th? board- to re
instate her with the payment of sev
eral thousand dollars in back salary.
Bush petitioned the board to transfer
Mrs. Reeved to some other school on
the ground that she was employed but
half a day in her teaching. He has
also filed charges against her, but ap
pears unwilling to press them. Bush's
recommendation that an additional
teacher in freehand drawing be ap
pointed was taken under advisement.
i The board adopted the recommenda
tion of Superintendent Langdon that
the drawing course be revised, as fol
lows: ' _
First, that the drawing work be con
tinued as at present until Thanksgiv
ing.
Second, that from Thanksgiving until
Christmas the work be upon Christmas
cards, and
Third, that at the beginning of the
new term simpler models be furnished
the teachers by the drawing supervisor.
NEW DRAWING COURSE.
TEACHER LOSES PLACE.
Whereas, From the testimony and evidence
of witnesses adduced at the hearing of ' said
chantes lover eighteen witnesses having b«en
regularly and legally commanded and subpe
naed to appear before this board for the pur
pose of Riving their testimony and evidence in
said hearing) It does apcear that said Miss J.
A. Dwyer did violate section 64 of the rules of
the Board of Education in having administered
excessive corporal punishment upon th? person
of one Frank A. Dulgnan. a pupil attending the
South End Primary School, Miss J. A. Dwyer.
being at the time acting principal of said
South End Primary School, and acting in said
capacity: now. thrrefore. be it
Resolved That this board finds said charges
filed against Miss J. A. Dwyer of having dis
regarded, disobeyed and violated section 64 of
the rules of the Board of Education as sus
tained; and, therefore, be it further
Resolved. That MIj=s J. A. Dwyer be and she
is hereby dismissed from the Public School De
partment of the city and county of San Fran
cisco such dismissal to take effect November
23, 1003. •
The board dismissed James Gannon,
janitor of the Lincoln Grammar School,
and appointed Joseph Cohen to the va
cancy. Cohen was designated as head
Janitor of the school, with a salary of
$140, but he will probably have to em
ploy an assistant and pay him out of
his own salary.
RULE IS VIOLATED.
The Board of Education yesterday by
a vote of three to one summarily dis
missed Miss Jean A- Dwyer, acting
principal of the South End School,
from 'the public school department.
The board adopted a resolution finding
Miss Dwyer guilty of having ! violated
a rule of the department in having ad
ministered excessive punishment to
one of her pupils. Director Woodward
was the only one to vote against Miss
Dwyer's dismissal, he holding to the
opinion that the charge was not suf
ficient to warrant such action. The
resolution of dismissal, which was pre
sented by Director Mark, follows:
Whereas. On September 30. 1903, charges of
violation of the rules of the Board of Education
having been regularly and formally presented
In accordance with law by Superintendent of
Common Schools W. H. Langdon against Mis?
J. A. Dwyer, acting principal of the South
End Primary School; and •
Whereas, Chi October 0 and 7. »1003. a hearing
of paid charges preferred against Miss J. A.
Dwyer was had before the Board of Education,
and said charges were submitted for the con
sideration and determination of this board; and
Consolidates Mrs. I. D. ReeVtes
Out of Her Plac9 in
the Department.
Poverty - Stricken Woman
Dies and Oan : ne Compan
ion Is Inconsolable.
Board Dismisses Miss J.
Dwyer lor Punish
ing Pupil.
Drives Away Those
Who Attempt to Re
move Remains
ONE PRINCIPAL
LOSES POSITION
LONGINGLY
LOOK TOWARD
BALLOT BOX
TERRIER GUARDS
DEAD MISTRESS
THE J=AN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, NOVEMBER 19, 1903.
Wedding cake boxes, wedding statlonerr. Ed
irart & Xnowles, 2* Second St., Main 688. '•
¦ HUELVA. : Spain * Nov. : 18.— The i strike i at
the Rio Tlnto mines is ended .and the men have
resumed work. >- : f3^K9B£*3BI
;Gu1Hett's, Thanksgiving extra mince pies. Ice
cream and cake. SOS Larkln «t. ; tel. East 19S.*
TOPEKA, Kana.. Nov. 18.— O. W. 8Utes,
chief electrician of the Santa Fa system, re
signed to-day and will leave the service No
vember 2^ _ ¦ i
Flso*« Cure— 40 years on the market and still
the best for coughs and colds. 25c per bottle. •
The directors of the San Francisco
Gas and Electrical Company met yes
terday, as foretold in the The Call, and
declared a dividend to the amount of
$2 50. a share. ; ¦ - -
14
NEWMAN A LBVTETSOU. "^
~~r- i~~~
Kearaj and Slitter Sts. O*^wJm^
Adjustable Yoke Underskirts
(Third »Fl»or, Kearny Street)
It 15 -Hie McG«e Adjustable Yoke that makes this skirt
better than any other. By a series of hooks and eyelets at
the back, it can be quickly adjusted to any figure. They are
made of best materials and prices are most moderate, as for
instance :
Ladies' Adjustable Yoke Petti- Ladles' Adjustable Yoke Petti-
coats, made of good quality black coats, of extra quality, black mer-
Satien, with Spanish flounce, cerized sateen, Spanish flounce, with
trimmed with sthched * t -« 3-inch accordion pleated g~ ~~
ruffles, each *J>1.!>U ruffles at bottom, each
We have also some finer and more elaborately trimmed at
$2.50, $3.00, 54.00 and $6.50 each.
Ladies' Mocha Gloves c£p||
When you select gloves here you may be confident of their,
worth ; we carry only the very best makes. For to-day we
have selected, from an immense stock of winter styles, these
two leaders :
Ladies' Imported 2-dasp Pique The celebrated Arabian Mocha
Mocha Gloves, Paris point embrol- Gloves for ladies have no superior
dery, in colors— black, gray or bea- for quality or fit. We have them
ver. Without doubtthe best Mocha in pretty shades of gray and beaver,
glove yet offered at this Ci n - also black, and our price 0i - A
price. Perpair 3>1.UU per pair is $1.OU
Holiday Pillow Tops ezsirzv
Hundreds of the newest and choicest designs in Cushion
Covers, bought specially for the. holidays, are here now for
you to chose from. Besides the new Smoker, College, Con-
ventional and Floral designs, we show handsome patterns in
Tapestry, Scrim, Velours and Brocatels; also a great variety
of Lithograph tops in latest effects.
Prices, 25c, 50c, 75c, $1.00 to $1.50
Specials in Black Silks (£7^0
Four specially desirable styles in staple Black Silks are
offered for to-day's selling at very attractive prices.
Black Loulsines, 21 Inches wide, 36-inch Black Taffetas, fine im-
fine quality; soft, rich finish; real ported quality, firm weave, extra
value, $1.00 per yard, special «_ -^ heavy, worth $1.25 a yd., + 4 rtrk
at (oC specialat $1.00
Black Peau de Sole," 20 inches 36-inch Black Peau de Soie, good
wide; heavy, strong and durable; heavy quality, warranted to wear,
real value, fi.oo per yard, Qn worth regularly $1.50 per * 4 -_,
our price... OUw yard, our price %pl.Zi>
Sale of Flannelette Gowns G&^IT)
To close out quickly, we offer to-day a special lot of Ladies'
Gowns, made of good, heavy quality Cinderella Flannelette,
in pink and blue, with pretty yoke ; collar and cuffs daintily
buttonhole stitched in white. Gowns that have sold all qp.
this season at $1.25 each. Special, while they last, at uOu
Fine Hose Supporters CKgJXr)
We have secured a large lot of Ladies' Hose Supporters —
the newest kind, that can be worn with or without a corset.
They cdme in cotton or silk in such desirable colors as pink,
blue, white and black. The entire purchase offered to-day
in two lots: Cotton, 25c per pair; silk, 50c per pair.
Pure Wool Underwear . (£&}££)
That Does Not Shrink
We are Sole Agents on the Pacific Coast for the celebrated
DERMOPHILE SANITARY UNDERWEAR
for ladies, gents and- children. They are made of the finest
selected Australian undyed wool. . We guarantee each and
every garment to be positively unshrinkable, or money re-
funded. Ask to see them at our Underwear Department.
Write for our New Illustrated Catalogue.
• HALE'S.. I HALE'S.
Hale's Open Saturday Now Till Christmas.
Kitehen Things SS5S?
And the money you may save on some of them.
It's our Thanksgiving sale down stairs. We knew many housekeepers
would need these things. "We want to give" them an opportunity to bay.
Come to-day or to-morrow or Saturday or even write. Out of town folks
have the same privilege of low prices city folks have. That's what ova
Mall Order Department la for. * V.Y'
$1.00 Food Choppers 69c. Double Boasters 25c.
We have had them as low as 90c, Regular price 39c.
but never as cheap as this before. Regular size. 9x14 inches, and with
sized knife you use. At this price |^ c « wort *» o0c -
every household can afford one. They Sheet Iron Ovens, fi 23; 12-ln. wjuare.
will find that it will pay for itself Cai-irino. e.*. «t o«s
many times over. Carving Seta $1.35.
Pudding Pans. 4c for the 2. 3 and 4-<jt. •!»«; With genuine stag handles: well-
' Those in satin-lined cases. $3.75;
$1.25 Tea Kettles 70c. plush cases. $6.35, $7.75 and $8.25.
Regular No. 7 size; seamless: all cop- Kntvee and Forks, with Ivory and celluloid
per, with nickel. plating. «. ha , n . dIe i.* 2 75 a a ° 2 ¦'• wor - h * 3 50.
Pudding Molds, 29c: tubed. l«-qt. «lze. £¦» "» R ' n £- *>: aluminum.
Silver's Fruit Press 10c. *!* >hap *' ; 8Old at 95c: worth « *>•
(Like the picture printed here). 5-O'Clock Teas 5Oc.
It's the most useful article for the Worth $1.00.
kitchen: one that sells elsewhere at Kettle stand and hnm» •>,--, -« -«
35c and 40c. There is nothing like it are all of
to press cranberries, fruit or vege- JJ* ss - ) ***? % * s °' d "»•« as low as
tables; to strain sauce and Jellies and 69c. but this is the first time they
to mash potatoes. Seamless, strong have been 50c.
and easily cleaned. At about half Gas Stove*. $1 «3; 2-bumer: size 8x20 in.-
price for the first time to-day. 19c. very heavy and perfect burners.
/ y /iPSij /\$ l)>n" Dance
\ a U^v^ C^TTS' *r^x*^ \rf .J.I It'» Evelyn Marshall' ¦
\ T$> sx T«)7 \?V "-N 74/ / !lSea (o' this city). Som*
V .\\>1^ Iv u\. ly an/ C^ A '' onft ls *«"*"? W every
\ \\f>-ifc /S Ai * IA I] ' ' / day tor a s anta Claui
X T l\ p>» \\S V^-» L zD / I.' / sketch. Why not try?
\^ »* . I \~~ <LJ^ ___ r*y "" \a /_! ¦»' Conditions printed last
V^-^T^i v v^-^T<r Jointed Dolls
v^~ » "1^. r=?f 45c.
n Vew (fi '"™ i x ?r .Ti f, . 1 , . . » 'With composition body.
KA, reUAAAj. JyoywtcUT lA (vrvta. Oi<tA-u> ojt bisque head. movlnj
- OA^^YVW**vc l ja^nrt'*3^U,^a^4.3'. a^,.l* ffi STace^ockS
•Uppers and chemise;
Wear (^L/f^iS^ *W? measure* 16^ Incise*
It's comfortable. /£j Z^'jv*^ -^^ Magg^ strong wire mattress, is
It's stylish. *^ -^^J~OO£» tsQO&at^*^ inches.
Fv)^"9-^«aa2S3y59iiuSECi22iciisF^n^£5
39 3TOC3:iON STK2ET.
Telep&oae Mala 5522.
The economical houaewlfa -will save
money by purchasing her Thanksgiving del-
icacies of us as we have laid in a large
supply at aa unusually low figure. See
these bargains for our
Thursday, Friday and Saturday Specials:
CRElMERf BUTTER, per square. . . .40c
Usual Quality. Regular. 45c
FANCY EASTERN EGGS. 2 dozen for 65c
Guaranteed.
TOMATO CATSUP, per boillo 15c
The popular Ideal Brand. Re?., 20c
HOME-MADE MINCE MEAT, quart jar. 50c
Pint Jar, Soc
Only the best ingredients used.
MIXED NUTS, per pound 15c
Regular 20c
Walnuts, Almonds. Brazil. Pecan* and
• Filberts, only th« very best.
CANNED FRUIT, per can .15c
Regular. 20c
. Peaches. Pears, Apricots and Plums.
pood quality in heavy syrup.
CALIFORNIA FRENCH PEAS, per can. 15c
Recular, 20c
Code — Portwood, petit pols. 2-lb cans.
COMBHOHET 15c
Regular 2Oc each
The Southern California water white.
0. K. BOURBON, per hot., 75c; gal., $3.00
Pare and well aged. Reg. £1 and $4
McAllister scotch, per bottto soc
Just the thing for hot scotch. Reg. $1 23
MT. VERHON RYE, per bottle 95s
Regular $1 25
CHOICE ZINFANDEL, per gallon .... 75c
60LDEN RIESLING, " " ....75c
Regular. SI 00
A high-grade wine for the Thanksgiving
table at a popular price.
Bpeclal facilities for delivering ALL
orders quickly.
' iNH z'k! fi If Si ty E| i(l§
No more wakeful nights if yon
/give your baby Mellin's Food.
Mellin's Food babies sleep
well.
A postal request wUlbrlas; a sample of MsQla's ?
Food right to your home.
MELLIN'S POOD CO., BOSTON. MASS.
f EXPERT OPTICIANS, /fc^
MAKE OCULIST'S KjJ
* Prescription
EYE GLASSES f4
At Moderate Cost, v]
For Stomach Disorders
Gout and Dvsoepsla
DRINK
Best NATURAL Alkaline Watof.
A. VIQULEB"cb., San Prandsca.
WEEKLY CALL* 91.00 PES YEAB.