MONTANA JUDGE WHOSE DECISION. IN MINNIE . HEALEY MINE
CASE CAUSED CLOSING OF 'AMALGAMATED COPPER COMPANY'S
MINES, AND MAN TO WHOM PROPERTY-'WAS AWARDED.
ST. PAUL, Minn.; Oct. 23.— A row In tb#
Syndicate Sends Seventy-Five West
¦ to File ': on 'Homesteads. '.:¦'¦•
TEACHERS AS "DUMMIES."
PITTSBURG, Oct. 23.-Flre to-night de
stroyed the big repaU shops of the Pitts
burg j^and Western Railroad, Alleghany.
Loss, $100,000. Five hundred workmen ax*
tiurown out of work,
Pittsburg Shops Are Burned.
PARIS, Oct. 24.— The Echo de Parts to
day announces that the King of Spain
will visit Paris nKK May. The paper fur
ther states that the Spanish Embassador
and Foreign Minister Delcasse discussed
the visit of the Kins yesterday afternoon.
King of Spain to Visit Paris.
LETCHATHIE, Ala.. Oct. 23.-J. B.
Mitchell Jr. and his clerk, William Da
vis, were* shot from their horses to-day
and fatally wounded by an unknown ne
gro. ; Two negroes have been pursued and
airs ' surrounded ; by. a large posse, '
Two Residents ; of Alabama Fatally
Wounded , and Posse Pursues
the Assassin.
SHOT FROM HORSES
BY UNKNOWN NEGRO
MISCREANT TURNS CANAL
INTO BOISE CE.METERY
Large Number of Graves Damaged
by Flood From an Irrigating
Ditch.
BUTTE. Mont.. Oct. 23.-A Miner special
Vom Boise. Idaho, says that an unknown
niscreant last night turned the water
:rom an irrigating canal into MorrirHIll
Cemetery, flooding a large portion of it
tnd doing great damage to the grave.
The authorities are making every effort
» apprehend the rality »££: * ffort
LONDON, . Oct. 24.— A special dispatch
to a news agency here from Copenhagen
says that Professor Finzen of Denmark
has been selected to receive the Nobel
prize In the medical section.' Henrlk Ib
sen, the dramatist, and Bjornstjerne
Bjornson, • the Norwegian novelist and
dramatic poet, will divide the literary
rrize.
Ibsen and Bjornstjerne Bjornson Will
I Divide Honors in the Literary
. Section.
FINZEN WINS NOBEL
PRIZE IN MEDICINE
PORTLAND, Or.. Oct. 23.— The Southern
Pacific announces that next month It will
advance rates on lumber shipments from
this city to San Francisco 50 per cent, or
from $5 to $7 50 a ton. This rate will ap
ply only to lumber shipped from sawmills
that have access to water transportation.
Mills in the Interior will continue to ship
at the rate of $3 10 a ton, in force before
thi railroad made Its last increase in Its
charges. The new tariff is prohibitory to
rail shipments from Portland. Local mills
can ship by water to San Francisco and
compete with interior mills for business
at this Callfomian point. But for southern
interior markets this method Involves
rxtra expense for loading on cars at the
point of discharge. Up to three months
ago the rate from Portland was $3 10. The
railroad vras Ehort of cars and In order
to divert the traffic to water the rate was
raised to 55. This gave the Interior mills
the use of more rolling stock, but there is
still a shortage and the raise announced
for next month is the result.
Announces tan Advance of Fifty Per
Cent on Shipments From Portland
to San Francisco.
SOUTHERN PACIFIC RAISES
FREIGHT RATES ON LUMBER
The developments -tt the convention
during its session here show that there
are 125 unions In the State, embracing
a membership of 330. .within five years
$2600 has been expeni*^l 'by the State
order, of which $500 was used In the na
ture of a 1 promotion fund. ..The reports
of the superintendents, which were sub
mitted during the day, contained many
interesting statistics. That of the
flower mission dwelt upon the good ac
complished in the hospitals and other
public Institutions by the distributions
of fragrant gifts.
Mrs. Murphy, who Is In charge of the
work In San Quentin, made an appeal for
old school books, readers in particular,
for the use of prisoners. Mrs. Frank
Lee and Mrs. D. J. Spencer, in charge of
the school savings banks department,
told of several Instances in which really
remarkable results had been secured. In
Grass Valley, where there are 347 con
tributing children, $2300 has been saved
in less than two years, and. In Boulder
Creek eighty-seven children have put
aside nearly $S00. After many discus
sions the W. C. T. U. finally concluded to
continue the publication of the Pacific
Ensign as a weekly paper for another
year. The members of the convention
responded readily when called upon for
aid in this particular cause. Contra
Costa received the "Y" banner, present
ed by Miss Anna Chase to the county
which showed the most effective work
on the pa«t of the Young Woman's
Christian Temperance Union.
VALLEJO. Oct. 23. — The sessions of
the State convention of - the Woman's
Christian Temperance Union closed to
night with the diamond medal contest in
Farragut Theater. The contest was
open only to candidates who had previ
ously won a silver nnd^ro^gold medals
In the literary contesls? ? isfcitcontestants
were on the s tage.'. Belle j Davis of San
Jose was awarded the mc^laL ,
Miss Belle Davis of San Jose Is the
Successful Competitor for the
Diamond Medal.
TEMPERANCE "WORKERS
CLOSE THEIR CONVENTION
The elevation of their heavy gun port
sills above the load water line is so little
that in a heavy sea they must be closed
and the guns" thereby rendered inoperat
ive. Some of the members of this board
contend, that foreign battleships labor
under equal disadvantages, but the fact
that. the thirteen and eight inch guns of
the Kearsarge, flagship of the North At
lantlo squadron, were worthless during
sixty-one days of her last summer cruise
will be a disagreeable message to the
bulk* of. the American . people, who fancy
that American > battleships can fight any
body anywhere and come off victorious.
WASHINGTON. Oct. 23,-Startling rev
elations of the inability of some of the
best United ¦ States battleships to fight
their turret guns and even their broad
sides batteries in a heavy sea^ftre made
in a report in which Rear Admiral R. B.
Bradford, recently relieved as chief of
the bureau of equipment, dissents from
the designs for the 13,000-ton battleships
Idaho and Mississippi, approved by the
naval board of construction.
Special Dispatch to The CfcH.
Amazing Criticism
From Admiral
Bradford.
NAVAL GUNS
USELESS IN
BY SEAS
LONDON, Oct. 24.— A dispatch to the
Times from Sofia says that on the night
of October 21 a band of insurgents under
the command' of Nickoloff captured and
blew up the Turkish fort at Merkaz. The
garrison, the dispatch adds, fled without
making any resistance.
Turkish Garrison , at Merkez Seeks
Safety' in Flight, Offering No
Resistance.
To-night it is reported that the pumps
of the Leonard mine of the Boston and
Montana group will suspend. Should this
occur the flooding of the Minnio Healy
mine, yesterday awarded to F. Augustus
Heinze by Judge Clancy, is considered In
evitable, as the working of, the two prop
erties connect and there is no apparent
way to prevent the draining of the Leon
ard by the Minnie Healy.
INSURGENTS CAPTURE
., -AND DESTROY A FORT
Business men of Great Falls are already
urging that the case of the- Amalgamated
Copper Company may speedily be brought
before the Supreme Court for considera
tion, as the closing of the electrolytic
smelters means a body blow to the busi
ness activity of Great Falls. Throughout
the State, generally a state of depression
is reflected, and in Butte business is prac
tically/paralyzed,. with fear of a crash
in , the event of ;a prolonged closedown.
Business men are canceling their orders
for winter supplies. 1
As yet no acts of violence have been
reported to the- police, though It Is feared
some difficulty will be experienced In hold
ing the big army of idle miners in check
any length of time. To-night the prin
cipal streets are blocked with miners and
indignant mutterings can be heard on all
sides. Extra police have been sworn in.
with orders to prevent the gathering of
large crowds.'
It is. conservatively estimated by the
Amalgamated Company officials that be
tween 14,000 and 13.000 men are made idle.
This calculation includes all the men em
ployed by the Amalgamated Company
throughout the State of Montana.
Business men fear the worst should the
suspension continue any length of time,
as the army of Amalgamated employes
is the principal .sustaining factor of
Butte's Industrial life. In Anaconda the
town is practically dependent on the big
Washoe plants for its existence and the
closing of the works Is the worst blow
in the history of that city.
• Ore 'shipments have ceased, and the
Great Northern and Bu^te, Anaconda and
Pacific railroads are reducing their crews.
The Northern Pacific and 'Oregon Short
Line are " But little affected by the shut
down.- -
BUSINESS MEN APPREHENSIVE.
ed ' all - operations of the Amalgamated
Copper Company will be at a complete
'standstill. ' • '
Heinze also sjld that Judge . Clancy's
decision yesterday was in line with the
Northern Securities decision. In answer,
President Scallon said:
"To lawyers and to laymen alike who
happen to be acquainted with the North
ern Securities case, to which Mr. Heinze
refers, his assertion that the provisions
of Judge Clancy's decision are 'very near
ly Identical' with the order Issued by the
Circuit Court of Appeals in the merger
case indicates either gross ignorance on
Mr. Helnze's part or a desire to pervert
the facts. In the Northern Securities
case the order directed the retransf er - of
the stock to its original owners and recog
nized the property rights of the Northern
Securities Company. .Judge Clancy's de
cision, on the contrary, so far as it goes,
declares that the adverse party has no
rights whatever, . prohibits any transfers
and simply proposes to' wipe out the
property rights."
With the exception of small crews man
ning the pumps, all the mines are desert
ed, and as soon as the furnaces can be
cleared of charges and fires drawn the
four smelters of the Amalgamated will
shut down. This will be accomplished
some time to-night or to-morrow morn
lax, and bx to-morrow night it lfl •auaaci-
"Mr. Rogers," declares President Scal
lon, "gave no order to close the "mines,
and the assertion that the suspension of
the Amalgamated properties is part of -a
stock Jobbing scheme is .. unqualifiedly
false.".
DECLARES ASSERTION FALSE.
An effort will be made by leading citi
zens of the State to have the Supreme
Court advance the hearing on the ap
peal from Judge Clancy's decision in the
case in the hope that a reversal of the
Judgment by the tribunal will Induce the
Amalgamated Copper Company to re
sume. Indignation among the Amalga
mated people Is rife and they are loud in
denouncing the present state of affairs
and declare that all business on the part
of the company will remain at a stand
still until the Boston and Montana re
ceivership matter is finally settled.
F. Augustus Helnze's sensational state
ment attacking H. H. Rogers, declaring
that the present suspension of the Amal
gamated properties was due to an at
tempt on the part of the Standard Oil
magnate and his associates to affect the
price of Amalgamated Copper stock, and'
also offering positions to all married men
formerly employed by the Amalgamated
Copper, doubling the forces in the mines
of the United Copper Company,, was fol
lowed by an official statement this after
noon by William Scallon, president of the
Anaconda Company and one of the lead
ing Amalgamated officials in this State.
Scallon denounced as "malicious false
hoods" the statements of Heinze regard-:
ing Rogers. ...- . .
. shutdown, as many of the pumps
In the big mines have suspended opera
tions. The Amalgamated officials ' af e
reticent as to expressing an opinion as
to the probable length of the suspension,
saying it may be of six or eight months'
duration and perhaps a greater period.
•«¦*. UTTE, -Mont., Oct. 23l—Accord
&*£ ing to every Indication tb-riight^
M ~% the Amalgamated Copper Coin-
pany is preparing for a i long
BRITISH DIPLOMAT WHO
MAY BE EMBASSADOR AT
WASHINGTON.
, The matter was kept-quiet. The teach
ers returned, but a few were dissatisfied.'
They did not resign their positions in the
schools. ; Within a few weeks teachers
have applied for an absence of two weeks,
offering substitutes. *. This resulted in an
inquiry. Finally thirty were allowed to
go on the representation that they had
valuable Interests at stake. ; Now it ; Is
openly asserted that the school teachers
were employed by a lumber syndicate, the
intention being , to commute the home
stead to a pre-emption claim at the end
of the fourteen months and deed the land
to the : syndicate for .* premiums ranging
from $500 to $1500 each. It was ¦ because
some of the .teachers . secured the $1500
claims while others did not that the dis
closures occurred. . . :
Advices from Washington to-day are to
the effect that warrants " are . on the way
and wholesale arrests of lumber kings
arid; their "tools will >be , made in a few'
days. The land in question Is valued -'for
its : timber at from $40 to $100 an acre.
OGDEN. Utah, Oct. 23.— While patrol-
Ing the railroad yards here to-night Spe
cial Officers Clark and Snipes were shot
by a man riding a bicycle. Without a
word of warning the bicyclist fired several
shots at the officers and' then rode away.
Clark's injuries are not considered serious
but Snipes was shot In, the; stomach' and
it is believed 'he will die.' .
Minneapolis Board of Educationihas dis
closed a sensation- in connection with
Umber frauds in 'Washington. During
the early summer, under contract with a
Minneapolis man, the Great .. Northern
road sent .West in one week seventy-five.
school teachers of Minneapolis to file on
homesteads containing timber. They filed
principally in the Chelan district.
Bicyclist in Ogden Inflicts Probably
Fatal Injuries on Watchman at
Railroad Yards. ¦
ROME, Oct. 23.— Cardinal Satolli assured
the correspondent of The Call to-day that
neither himself nor Cardinals Agliardi or
VIncenzo Vannutelli had ever been offered
the post of Papal Secretary of State.
Monslgnor Merry del Val had* been ap
pointed to the office on the recommenda
tion of Cardinals Oreglia | and ,Vives -y
Tuto because of ' his linguistic abilities
and notwithstanding the dislike of a ma
jority of the members of the Sacred Col
lege to his selection. .
SHOOTS TWO OFFICERS
AND THEN RIDES AWAY
Members of Sacred College Are Not
Pleased by Appointment Due to
Linguistic Abilities.
MGR. MERRY DEL VAL'S
SELECTION NOT POPULAR
SUv Henry Mortimer Durand has been
British and I Consul General.
late Ma jor* General Sir' H * DuVand,'" &**E.f
and'was born in 1S50. "He was educated
at Blackheath school and Eton House,
Tonbrldge,*was a barrister at Lincoln's
Inn in 1872, and the following year entered
the Bengal civil service. He was political
secretary to Sir Frederick, now Earl Rob
erts, during the Cabul campaign In 1879.
From 1884 to 1S94 he was Foreign Secre
tary in India, and a year before his re
tirement from this post conducted a mis
sion to the Ameer of Afghanistan. From
1894 to 1900 he was Minister at Teheran.
He has devoted much time to literary
work and has published several notable
volumes. ' .
will probably succeed the late Sir
Michael Herbert as Embassador of Great
Britain to the United States.
, At. the Foreign Office this evening a cor
respondent was informed that King Ed
ward has not yet approved of any one to
fill the vacant post and that therefore any
announcement is premature. The best in
formation obtainable here, however,
points to* the ultimate selection of Sir
Henry Durand.
. ,• ONDON, Oct. 23.— The Exchange
JT, Telegraph Company says Sir
-'¦¦M- Henry Mortimer Durand, the
JLmd British Embassador at Madrid.
YOKOHAMA, Oct. 23.— The conference
between Baron de Rosen, the Russian
Minister, and Foreign Minister Komara
lias been postponed until after the con
ference of the elected statesmen cf Japan,
which is to take place to-morrow.
The Russian Viceroy of the Far East,
Admiral Alexieff, Is expected to go to St.
Petersburg early in November, which
may delay the expected crisis.
The correspondent of the Times at Seoul
cables that the British and Japanese Min
isters there continue to press the Ko
rean Government to open Yongampho as
f. treaty port In order to neutralize Rus
cla's present exclusive commercial facili
ties. The Korean Foreign Minister, the
correspondent adds, expresses complete
willingness to comply with these requests,
but his attempts in this direction are neg
atived by the Emperor, who, in a state
of apprehension because of the conflicting
foreign demands, shuts himself up in his
palace and refuses to sanction any pro
posal.
The Foreign Office here reiterates that
Us information 16 opposed to the alarmist
stories. Heretofore the underwriters at
Lloyd's have taken an optomistic view of
the situation in the Far East. Since yes
terday, however, the insurance rates to
the Far East, covering all risks if war is
declared within three months, have been
doubled.
DEMANDS ON KOREA.
The Tientsin correspondent of the Daily
Mall eays In a dispatch that Japan has
warned China that ehe will occupy some
poists on Chinese territory if Russia fails
to evacuate Manchuria,
LONDON", Oct. 23.— In a dispatch to the
Daily Mail the correspondent of that pa
per at Yokohama reiterates a statement
made October 11 that the Russians are
fortifying Yongampho, and declares that
to-day he has authentic Information that
they have built a fort and are preparing
to mount heavy guns there.
The Japanese Government, the corre-r
r per. dent continues, is conferring with
representatives of All Japanese railroads
Trith the view of effecting the most
rpeedy rnobillxation of the army whenever
this becomes necessary.
PEKING, Oct. 23.— Although the rumor
that Russia has ordered the Japanese
workmen at Pert Arthur to evacuate has
been ridiculed here, reports received from
that place confirm the statement and say
that all preparations have been made for
the filncatch of a special train.
Admiral Alexieff. Russian Viceroy of the
Far East, has arranged to go to St.
Petersburg for the purpose of opposing
all ef the concessions demanded by Japan
in pending negotiations.
While there Is no eignal tension, it is
generally accepted that war is unavoid
able. Private advices from high sources
In Japan which have Just been received
state that all the army and navy war
preparations of Japan have been finished.
The occupation of Masampho, Korea, has
been accomplished nominally by the pres
ence of one or more warships. Practical
occupation, which Is expected to precipi
tate a naval contest for control of the
eeas, which is deemed of first importance,
has been planned for the winter.
RUSSIANS FORTIFYING.
Special Disretch to The Call.
The exact '? relations of the Santa Fe
Railroad ' with ' Government officers 'and
that railroad's- sub-selection r of lieu land
in Arizona will'; also soon become known.
" One Representative has been . found to
have 'more direct., interest. He was
among the petitioners for certain forest
reserves oh the Pacific Slope less than -a
year ago.' It was found he had many land
allotments iii the territory. . He not only
petitioned for - a i proclamation, but used
his influence as a Representative to this
end. V ¦• • . - - • ,'¦¦'. •
The. belief of the Interior Department
officials that many men in the West, were
locating on land which they had reason to
expect would soon be proclaimed, in order
to. exchange for better land, led to the
present Investigation. Political influence
and Congressional pressure is brought to
bear to have .certain reserves proclaimed.
The United States Senators whom ! rumor
connects in an indefinite way \ with the
present land frauds are said to have used
such pressure.
Whenever a forest reserve is proclaimed
by the President, according to the gen
eral land law, of Congress, all persons
having land allotments thereon are en
titled to receive from the Government a
similar amount of territory outside of the
forest reserves or on what is known as
"good land." The forest reserves are wild
territory and the land sells at $1 25 an
acre. The land outside averages between
$5 and $6 an acre. ' • •
METHOD OF POLITICIANS.
The States in which reserves are located
and in which Investigations are now go
ing on are California, Colorado, Idaho,
Montana, Nebraska, Oregon, South Da
kota, Wyoming, Utah, Washington and
the Territories of Arizona, New Mexico
and Oklahoma. The- method of "graft"
has been very simple and in large part
consists of advanced information through
collusion with Federal authorities in
Washington and land offices in the States
concerned. :¦""'.."
Just as in the postofflce scandal a large
part of the investigation conducted by Mr.
Bristow covered the doings in the admin
istration and department of the former
First Assistant Postmaster General, the
present land investigation on the Pacific
slope covers tho administration of Binger
Hermann, - former Commissioner General
of the Land Office and now a member of
the House from Oregon.
The forest reserves of the United States
Government embraced only 18,000,000 acres
five. years ago. The annual report of the
Commissioner for 1902 gives fifty-four re
serves, including 60,175,765 acres, showing
that more than 42,000,000 acres were pro
claimed durins Hermann's term of office.
Since this report was made a few more re
serves have been added, bringing the
present acreage up to about 62,000,000.
While it is generally 1 accepted that no
United States Senator is being investi
gated, U is not denied in the department
that some Western represenatlves have
already been found to be suspiciously con
nected with these land scandals and be
fore the inquiry is finished some railroads
and their connection with great forest re
serves may receive unpleasant mention,
SEARCH OVER RECORDS.
Secretary Hitchcock alone knows the full
extent of the frauds now under investiga
tion and says he will divulge nothing un
til the whole inquiry has been completed
under his direction. This reticence by the
head of the. department has spread £H
sorts of alarming rumors, in which names
of men in high public places have been
mentioned here - and > in | States in which
the investigation is going £ on/ . It 'Is > re
ported that- five United - States-iBen
ators have^already Jg&i Reached bylihe
Investigations' and are seriously involved.
One. story had it- that' official reports'al
ready in the hands of Secretary' Hitch
cock'had named these Senators. J • '
BIG MEN INVOLVED.
WASHINGTON, Oct 23.— According to
the admissions of officials of the Depart
ment of the Interior, madV for the first
time to-day, the investigation of the pub
lic land scandal now going on in the
States of the Pacific Coast Involves the
most tremendous of all Government
"grafts" and causes the "hot air" affair
in the Postofnce Department to pale to
absolute insignificance. . ;• «
Persistent inquiry has developed the in
formation that the present investigation
has been going on more than four months,
is entirely independent of the Indian land
scandal and involves money making trans
actions to the extent of between $15,000,
000 and $20,000,000 and collusion between
organized grafters and State and Federal
authorities in the matter of. land allot
ments in some fifty-four forest reserves
which cover altogether 60,175,765 acres of
land.
Special Dispatch to Th« Call.
The second letter, in which £0,000 was
the least sum for which the blackmailers
would be satisfied to cease efforts to dy
namite the Northern Pacific moving
stock, was written in Butte by Gravelle,
according to the statement, and the sta
tionery on which It was written was pur
chased In Butte. Gravelle was the active
agent in the plot, being the only one of
the trio free to harass the railway com
pany with the giant explosive. He was
to receive $30,000, while the remaining $20,
000 was to be used to secure pardons from
the Governor for the two prisoners at
Deer Lodze.
It is known that a woman was impli
cated to some extent in the plot, although
her connection with it may be extremely
distant. This woman lives in Bozeman
and she was the agent through whom
"Whitton hoped to secure his pardon. Her
name was found among the papers taken
from Gravelle's satchel, which was locat
ed by Chief of Police Travis.
Gravelle's hearing was to-day set for
Monday by Judge Smith. He was unable
to furnish bail.
h*. was discharged^ and .mailed at Butte.
Whjtton' not only implicates Gravelle. but
another convict, whose name has not
been disclosed.
SCHEME OP THE PLOTTERS.
Northern Pacific Attorney Wallace has
In his possession certain letters recovered
from a satchel belonging to Gravelle,
which was obtained by Chief of Police
Travis. These letters, some of which
show the handwriting of Gravelle, have
been compared with the writing of the
letters sent by the blackmailers and it
is claimed that the writing in some cases
Is similar.
The story of the confession of Convict
Whitton that comes from Deer Lodge Is
to the effect that he wrote the first let
ter addressed to Superintendent Boyle,
demanding $25,000. That letter was writ
ten in the penitentiary and Is said to
have been carried out by Gravelle when
REVELATION IN LETTERS.
HELENA. Mont., Oct. 23.— It Is no-*
known that the conspiracy to blackmail
the Northern Pacific Company was
hatched In the State penitentiary. Sus
picion was directed for some time against
the cellmate of Isaac Gravelle in that in
stitution. Gravelle was released from
prison only three months ago-
Soon after he obtained his freedom the
Northern Pacific officials deceived their
first letter, demanding 13,000. Thai letter,
it has developed, was written by a convict
In the penitentiary named Harvey Whlt
ton, who is serving an eight-year term
from Gallatin County for murder. Whlt
ton has made a confession to the part he
took in the plot.
SpecUl Dispatch to The Call.
Lloyd's Makes a Significant
Raise in Par East In
surance Rates.
Names of Implicated Sena
ors Said to Be in Secre
tary's Hands.
Woman Is Known to Have
Been Implicated in Ef
. fort at Blackmail.
Hitchcock Withholds
Deeper Secrets of
the Infliiiry.
Russians Build Fort
for Struggle at
Yongampho.
Convict Confesses a
Part in Dynamite
Outrages.
Montana Conspir
acy Hatched in
a Prison
Interior Officials
Tell oiliiit"
Scandal,
War Preparations
Reported to Be
Completed.
Fifteen Thousand Men Idle and
All Montana Affected.
EAGER JAPAN
ALL READY
FOR CONFLICT
FELONS PLAN
THE WAR ON
A RAILROAD
LAND FRAUD
REACHES FAR
IN MILLIONS
CLANCY DECISION
MAY BRING CRASH
DURAND MAY FILL
POST OF HERBERT
British Embassador at ; Madrid Is
Slated for Washington.
The San Francisco Call
VOLUME "XCIV=-NO. 146.
SAN 1KANCI8CO;\SATUBDAY; OCTOBER 24, l»03.
PRIOB FIVE CENTS.SOUTH AFRICAN PEINCE
TO ENTER. PUBLIC SCHOOL
One of Tettranica's Sons Will Come to
the United States to Be Edu
cated.
WINFIELD. Kans.. Oct. 23.— A real Af
rican Prince is to attend school in this
cit7 for the next two years. B. R. O'Con
nor of this city has a son living in Lla
Lui. Basutoland, Rhodesia. King Lewa
nica of that province has two sons_^at
tonding school in England and one in;
Australia, and desires one td come to
America to learn the ways of this-coun
try. Negotiations have been conducted
through O'Connor.
Macon Warehouse Burns.
MACOX, Miss., Oct. 23.— The Macon
compress and warehouse burned to-day.
I>}£3 S20G.OOO. N
TURKEY HURRIES SIX '^
BATTALIONS TO USKUB
Discovery of Military Plot to Kill
Russian Consul Causes Extreme
Measure.
. CONSTANTINOPLE, Oct. 23,-In conse.
to kill M. Belaleff, the Russian Consul at
to kill M. Belaleff ,the Russian Consul at
Uskub, the Government has rushed six
battalions of troops thither, from' Kop
rrulu and Perlepe.,
Menelik and St. Louis Fair.
ROME, Oct. 23.— The Italian Minister to
Abyssinia, Major CIcco di Cola, has been
Instructed to assist United States Consul
Skinner of Marseilles, France, in carrying
out the latter's mission to King Menellk,
one of the objects of which is to invite
the King to visit the St. Louis Exposi
tion and to approve for an Abyssinian ex
hibit. : • v.
PORTSMOUTH, England, Oct. 23.-Nel
son's old flagship, the Victory, was nearly
Bunk in Portsmouth Harbor by the battle
ship Neptune. The battleship Hero and
some minor craft were also damaged.
! The Neptune, a non-effective vessel of
9310 tons displacement, built in 1874, which
was being towed into Portsmouth, pre
paratory to being taken to the Thames to
be broken up, broke adrift and ran amuck.
After desperate efforts the Neptune was
secured by the Hero, but not before the
former had knocked a six-foot hole in
the Victory's port quarter.
The speedy arrival of tugs enabled the
old flagship to keep afloat until she was
docked. No one was lost.
CLTTMSY BATTLESHIP
, NEABLY SINKS VICTORY
Nelson's Old Flagship Is Bammed by
the Neptune Running Amuck in
Portsmouth Harbor. .
WASHINGTON*. Oct. 23.— Postoffices
discontinued, October 31, cuperceded by
rural free delivery: Oregon— Gage, and
Terry, Multnomah County, mail to Trout
dale.
¦ ¦ Postmaster commissioned: Oregon — T.
Taylor, Box. - - ? • ,,..._.,
r Fourth class postmaster appointed:
Oregon— John D. Stevens, Holbrook, Mult
nomah County, vice A. Myer, resigned.
— Washington— August Blomqulst, Clinton,
Island County, vice H. C. Hinman, re
signed; J. McDowell, Melmont, Pierce
County, vice H. L. Hawkins, resigned;
James L. Mosman, Yellem, Thurston
County, vice P. B. Van Trump, resigned.
Navy order— Lieutenant G. P. Stone, de
tached for treatment at Mare Island Hos
pital and three months' sick leave.
• Army order— First Lieutenant F. M.
Hartsock, assistant surgeon, on his ar
rival at San Francisco to examination
there for iiromotion.
Changes in the Postal Service An
nounced and Army and Navy-
Orders Issued.
OF INTEBEST TO PEOPLE
OF THE PACIFIC COAST
An account ' of _. recent operations at
Tombstone is given by the Tombstone
Prospector:
The Consolidated Mining Company at Tomb
stone is shipping ten to fifteen carloads a week
An average of one carload a day is ¦ being
shipped from- tha main shaft, whtlo the Silver
Thread, Tranquillity and the Comet contribute
the balance. The station on the 700-foot level
is being cut and Superintendent Walker expects
to have this station complete and • the two
pumps originally Intended for the 800-foot and
inOO-foot levels set up by December 1. Moat
of the ore that is being taken from the shaft
comes from the third and fourth levels, while
¦ winze en the 600-foot level also contributes.
The ore bins have been completed. At the
Comet th« number of men has been increased,
and the 300-ft>ot level is being cleaned up and
a new track put In preparatory, to stoplng ore
It is the intention of the company to build a
narrow paupe road from the elding. at Schus
ters to. tho Comet and a branch -to' Eftierald
The Comet ore carries considerable manganese
and Is in demand by the smelters for fluxing.
At the Emerald they have reached 'th* 400- foot
level, and are repairing the shaft. Tha. com
pany' expectB to start up the weat eid«; this
month. The pumps in the main shaft are hand
ling 2,360,000 gallons of water daily.
The Amador Ledger says that the cya
nide plant to handle, the sand and tailings
at the Sand Pile mine, near Forest Home,
has six tanks, each with a capacity of
240 tons. The expectation is that one tank
will be discharged each day. The contract
for the daily delivery of 240 tons of sand
to the cars has been awarded on the basis
of 10 cents per ton.
The Gentle Annie mine, in El Dorado
County, will sink to the 1000 foot point.
Forty men are at w<»rk and twenty
stamps are running full time.
The North Bloomfield HydrXullc Com
pany's mining and water properties have
been bought by Bourn & Co. Drifting op
erations at the Malakoff mine, near North
Bloomfield, are about to begin.
According to reports from Keswick the
Mountain Copper Company has four fur
naces and three converters in blast. The
working force is . being enlarged and tho
output is increasing. There are 1500 men
on the pay roll.
The cyanide works at the Young Amer
ica mine, near Sierra City, have been shut
down until spring, according to the Moun
tain Messenger.
An option has been taken on the Blake
more placer mine, of eighty acres, near
Lewiston, Trinity County, by T. Hancock
of Chicago. E. H. Hughes and T. Han
cock have also bought from the owners of
the Blakemore mine the First Chance,
Copper King and Rattler quartz mines, in
th© Eastman Gulch' mining district.
A company has been to work
the Banger & Hughes 'placer' mine, on
West Weaver Creek, near Weaverville. A
bond has been taken for working the
properties of the , Junkan estate by
dredger. The location Is near Weav/r
viiie. ¦. ¦"•' : viV:- > ;H:r;t-^-y^.v
DEVELOPING PROPERTIES.
Everything is quiet. The Yellow Aster mine
is running full force. Both mills are going
night and day. In addition to the regular
waik ol supplying the mills with the necessary
ore the company Is causing to be done consider
able development Work. It has^ prospected
eome on the 1U7O foot level and finds thai the
body of ore discovered by it Just tHsfore the
strike on the 1st of June last is as good as
first reuorted and very extensive. It : con
templates putting down a. three compartment
shaft at an early date for the purpotf* of work
ing the level. The Miners'. Union Bas caused
reports to go out through the, press that ne
rotixUon* ara.un between. the members of the
local union and the mine owners for a settle
ment of the strike. The truth is the business
men and some of the jinton men made a move
In that direction and 'held eeveral meetings
and a committee was appointed to wait on tho
owners of the Yellow Aster, which they did.
They were courteously received and were
shown through the mine and mills to satisfy
them that there was nothing to negotiate.
That the property was running, and, so- far as
the company was concerned, they had plenty
of men and the strike was a dead issue. The
committee retired seemingly convinced to that
effect. Eome of the smaller properties con
template resuming operation at an early date.
From the annual report of the. Alaska-
Treadwell Gold Mining Company it ap
pears that the gold bullion for the year
ending May 30 amounted to $785,515 from
the mill, which was $1 04 ! per ton, and
$813,448 from the concentrates, or $1,075 per
ton; The expenditures amounted to $373,
493, or $L2S5 per ton. The company has
two mills. In one 240 stamps were kept
running 265 days and three hours during
the year. In the new stamp mill 300
stamps were run by water power 200 days
and thirteen hours. The development
work of the vear amounted to 6143 feet.
The total tonnage of ore taken out was
759,625. An average of 1^4 tons of ore was
broken out for every hole drilled. Thirty
three machine drills were worked.
tion In San Francisco. The opening will
be on November 16. The session will con
tinue through three days, the programme
being long and including a list of papers
of interest to mining men particularly
and a general outline of tne • programme
has been published. Secretary Benjamin
has sent out notices to miners all over
the State asking them to attend. ~-
A communication has fceen received,
under date of October 22, from John D.
Ackerman, which contains Borne supple
mentary statements relative to the con
ditions at Randsburg. Mr. Ackerman was
in communication, on the date named,
with Randsburg. His account is as fol
lows:
LONDON, Oct. 23.— One person was
killed and a dozen were slightly injured
last night in a railroad wreck at Sowerby
bridge. Reports circulated In the United
States to the effect that a great disaster,
attended by large loss of life, are erro
neous.
'Wreck at Sowerby Bridge.
NEW YORK, Oct. 23,-The nature of
the defense which Charles M. Schwab will
make to the charges that have been made
against him In connection with the affairs
of the wrecked United States Shipbuilding
Company was sharply outlined during the
latter part. of the hearing before Exam
iner Ollphant lata to-day. Lewis Nixon
was still on the stand, and tinder cross
examination by counsel for Schwab there
was an effort , to show that the corpora
tion would not have succeeded if the
$2,000,000 promised under the Sheldon plan
of reorganization had been made avail
• able, and that it could not have continued
Its existence even- If it had "received tile
much sought for $900,000 which It is al
leged- was . wrongfully withheld by the
Bethlehem company. .
i Guthrie showed by Nixon that the J300.
600" would have been absorbed without re
lieving, the company of all financial em
barrassment which it suffered, and then
asked if It would have been honest to the
other creditors if the Interest charges on
account of bonds had been paid on July
1, the date of the crisis in the affairs of
the concern.
The witness was again questioned as to
the representations made in the earlier
shipbuilding combination prospectus and
the correctness of the statement that Ed
win Hawley, E. H. Harrtman. James Still
man and other financiers were to serve
as I directors. Nixon said . he understood
the statement was correct.
The underwriting agreement which
Charles M. Schwab signed was produced
by the representatives of the Trust Com
pany of the Republic at the request of
Attorney Guthrie, identified by Nixon and
offered as evidence.
Nixon testified that vendors became un
derwriters to the extent of several hun
dred thousand dollars. He, Henry T.
Scott -and Mr. Hyde, all vendors, became
underwriters. The witness identified the
agreements signed by himself and Mr.
.Scott, and they were offered In evidence.
It is said that the purpose of this evi
dence Is to show that tho complainants
are holders of but a small amount of tha
bonds.
The examination of Nixon was not con
cluded and will be resumed at the next
hearing, which is set for a week from
Monday.
The mystery surrounding the purpose
and destination of the check of $250,000
.which has figured in the investigation of
the affairs of the United States Shipbuild
ing Company waa partially explained to
day by. a former official of the Trust Com
pany of the Republic. He said that the
check waa drawn to cover a payment on
one of the shipyard plants, and that after
It had been made out It was found neces
sary to cut the sum into a couple of
smaller checks. It was one of a series of
numbered checks, and rather than de
stroy it It was put through the bank by
the Trust Company itself.
The money, called for by the check was
not withdrawn from the bank. What sub
sequently became of any money that re
mained after the plants were paid for has
not been shown at any point In the in
quiry, but it is asserted that this particu
lar check was not cashed and. therefore Is
of no importance ,to, the inquiry. , '/
HUNDRED PRISONERS
WILL GAIN FREEDOM
Michigan Supreme Court Holds That
Reformatory Sentence Does Hot
Prevent "Good Time."
JACKSON, Mich., Oct. 23.— Under a de
cision handed down to-day by .the State
Supreme Court nearly one hundred pris
oners In the prison here will be released
at once. John Harney, a prisoner under a
ten years' sentence for burglary, should
have been released some weeks ago if al
lowed ms "good "time," but the prison 1 of
ficials claimed that he was a third-termer
and not entitled to "good time." Harney
carried the case to court, where It was
held that the sentences Harney had
served In the State reformatory for as
sault and battery should not be reckoned
against him in deciding his claim for
"good time." The Supreme Court coin
cided with this view. The decision will
give a number- of other convicts "good
time" and result, the prison officials say,
in the release of nearly one hundred.
BABGE IS SWEPT OVEB
DAM HT A HEAVY FOG
Four Laborers Are Drowned in Catas
trophe Near Colfax Station in
Pennsylvania.
PITTSBURG, Oct. 23.— A barge contain
ing 500 laborers was swept over the
Springdale dam near Colfax Station in
the early morninar fog and four of the
occupants were drowned.
The men for some time have been in
the habit of crossing, the- river to their
work without accident, but on this oc
casion the heavy fog prevented them from
seeing their proximity to the dam until
the current caught their boat and carried
it over.
STOCKTON. Oct. 23.— The body of Ralph
Chestnut Wood, who fell from the steamer T.
C. Walker last Sunday and was drowned, waa
recovered this morning near Wakefleld Land
ing, where the accident took place.
According to tha statements of the at
torneys to-night, the matter of the cus
tody of the boy. Vandell, aged IS, and the
crime are the only episode to be settled
l>efore the Fensational case passes Into
history. It is understood that for the
rake of the boy the father will never be
called upon to answer for his alleged
crime.
I JUdpe Allen struck the case from his
calendar and an amended divorce [ com
;plalnt' in accordance with the new ar
rangernexu was filed.
Colonel Griffith by the terms of the com
pact pays his wife J62.500 in the form of a
Flxty-day promissory note secured by
"mortgage. The agreement leaves one in
junction standing against Griffith, re
straining him forever from harassing or
annoying Mrs. Griffith. Further it
definitely establishes the estates of the
husband ana wife, each party formally
waiving any right to Inheritance f$om the
other.
LOS AXOELES, Oct. 23.— The celebrated
Grimth scandal was virtually settled this
afternoon by astounding moves by both
tides. All financial questions between
Colonel Griffith and his wife were finally
disposed of. and every sensational allega
tion in the latter's divorce complaint was
withdrawn.
The case is now reduced to two actions
at law— the suit of Mrs. Griffith fox a de
"cre« of divorce and the trial of the charge
ct assault with intent to commit murder
"standing against Griffith. The property
icorrtroversles were to have been heard in
court to-day, and toward evening the at
.torneys for both sides appeared and an
nounced an agreement which quashed the
action.--
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CINCINNATI, Oct. 23.— John K. Brown,
former . cashier of the Union Banking
Company of New Holland, Ohio,. was, be
fore the discovery of his embezzlement of
$103,000, one of the -best-known and most
popular and most trusted banking men
in the county in which he lived. He had
been 1 cashier of the bank for about fif
teen years and during that time, by his
affability and courtesy, had increased by
a largo number -the- list of -depositors,
drawing many from the country surround
ing New Holland. He was a prominent
church worker and often during the week,
It has since been ascertained, he left Sun
day-school and church meetings to go to
Circleville," Ohio, to place orders In the
bucket-shops. By his connection with the
church and 'Various lodges, -and by his
seeming close attention to business, the
officers of the bank and the publlo in gen
eral had conie to have perfect confidence
in- him. He stood ; high In business and
society circles.- .
Among the positions which he held waa
that of treasurer of a Knights of Pythias
lodge, treasurer of Masonic Temple As
sociation, grand master Masonic Lodge,
member of Eastern Star; member of
Democratic County Committee; banker of
local lodge, M. "W. of W.; clerk of School
Board, member of Methodist s church
choir. ¦ . ,
Much of th«> money is supposed to have
been lost In bucket-shops in this city. He
is known to have done an extensive busi
ness with Cincinnati brokers. , He always
.made it a point when visiting -Cincinnati
on. Sundays, which he did frequently, to
attend church, and almost always prof
fered his. services with choir of the
church at which he was in ' attendance.
His wife and. two children live at New
Holland, and many of his friends - there
have announced their ' determination to
stick by him in' his* present trouble. •
Brown Was One of the Most Trusted
Banking Men in Ohio.
"I surrendered myself," he said, "be
cause I could, not bear the thought of be
ing a fugitive any longer. I deserted my
family and ruined my life by 'taking the
money, but I am now' ready tcs go back
and suffer the penalty of | the • law. ¦¦ In
my trusted position I was given oppor
tunities to do wrong * ana the dazzling
temptation of speculation overcame me.
I plunged a little at first, then losing, I
became tangled deeper 'in the meshes of
the game and finally awoke to the realiza
tion that honor and hope were gone and
that my embezzlement must soon be dis
covered. '
' "As quietly as I could I left the place
where every one held me- in esteem. Then
my whole thought was. escape. I wan
dered from place to place, but a haunting
fear and a remorse grew upon me as I
went and in desperation I gave myself
over to ' the police. J I have been in this
city about ten days. During that time
life has been a misery and the only way
of lifting the burden from my mind'
seemed to be in the course I have taken."
— ? -' /
WAS HELD IN ESTEEM. /
Haunted by the ghost of crime, John
K. Brown, an absconding bank cashier,'
surrendered himself to the police of this
city yesterday. His flight from Justice
became too great a strain, and -he rei
lieved suspense by voluntarily closing the
doors of the upon himself. This
man, wanted in New.Holland.O... for an
embezzlement of $108,000. has eluded, de
tectives for more than- two month*. He
, has sought refuge in different cities, and
> arrived here ten days ago. ,The constant
feaT of arrest and the thought that the
minions of the law were dogging his foot
steps" passed from apprehension to terror,
and the desire to escape gradually waned,
until, bearded and wan, he walked to the
Hall of Justice and found solace in the
hope of punishment.
For nearly fourteen years Brown was
cashier of the Union Banking Company
in New Holland. He was well known
throughout the State of Ohio and was
well connected in Cincinnati. Ha has a
wife and two sons and his reputation .had
been above reproach. There was no con
fidence that the banking company did not
repose In him. He was trusted with Its
affairs, and large sum's of money came
into his possession from day to day. As
a man he was held In the most profound
respect and he was one of the leading
citizens of the county.
On - the morning of August 8 v a sensa
tion awoke his fellow townsmen. Brown
did not appear at his desk as usual, and
ugly rumors of a shortage in the bank's
funds were heard on the street. An in
vestigation was commenced and two days
later the bank closed its doors arid the
directors made the announcement that
$103,003 had been stolen and that their once
trusted employe was an absconder and a
thief. Detective agencies and police de
partments throughout the country were
notified and the hunt for the man began.
Soon after Brown left it came to
light that speculation in stocks had
wrought his downfall. He had been tak
ing money that was not his own for more
than a year, and in trying to retrieve
losses occasioned by unprofitable invest
ments he plunged deeper and deeper into
crime. When he awoke at last to the enor
<pity of his debt and when he realized
"that discovery was Inevitable. he prepared
for his flight and accomplished it. He had
little of the money left, and says that he
is almost penniless now. r -<"AH ¦. that he
realized from his thefts passed into the
hands, of brokers, and his Ill-gotten gains
profited him but, little. ,
Brown sat jn a c^ll at the Hall of Jus
tice last night despondent and "expressing
a ' desire *to be sent. back to the seen* of
his crime. . *;
plaint Are Withdra-sm. and Cap
italist Agrees to Pay
Spouse 862,500.
Serious Allegations in Divorce Com-
Embezzles Funds From Union Bank
in New Holland, Ohio, and In
vests Them in. Unprofitable
Speculations.
Wounded Woman Relents
and Prosecution Will
,/; Be Dropped.
Remorse for Crime and the
' Fear of Arrest^Preyed
\ : . Upon His Mind.
During the last week the executive cdm
mittee of the California Miners' Asso
ciation has met and fixed upon the dates
for the annual convention of the assocla-
While copper deposits are reported, gold
is the output for which Tuolumne is re
nowntd. In th« east belt veins are found
in varying size and position. Some of
the main points of variation between the
n.other lode and the east belt ore bodies
are that the latter are usually smaller
and of high grade and more ba6ic. To
the west of the definite line of the mother
lode there are scattering .mines, some of
which have produced copper in addition
to cold. These bodies of ors are not
found in contiuuous lines.
Most of the quartz mines are worked
through inclined, shafts, which follow
veins that are often quite crooked. Open
ing the veins by vertical shafts has not
always been ! proven to be practicable.
The ground is reported to stand well,
ordinarily, and timbering is therefore not
expensive. The timber needed on the
mother lode comes from' tne pino region
to the east. Pumps are found to be an
exception in the smaller mines, as most
of them are dry and the water can be
handled by skips. Three sources of power
are relied upon, wood, water and oil. The
latter is cheap and plenty. The wood is
becoming: exhausted and Is used only
where a plant is situated in the immediate
vicinity of a pine grove, in which case
the fuel costs from !' J) to S per cord
delivered. There is only one ditch sys
tem, which heads far up in the mountains.
• These are. the ..essential facts that a
practical mining man would wish to know
as a preliminary to making a personal
investigation of the resources of Tuo^
lumne County having investment in view.
In addition to these general statements
the mining bureau publication gives a
detailed account of the various mining
properties in the county ad also supplies
a topographical map showing the exact
location of each known mineral deposit,
from which the reader may ascertain just
how far he must go from any specified
town or station on the railroad to arrive
at any particular mine. "Whether a mine
is developed or is only a prospect Is
clearly shown, so that there may be no
possible misrepresentation.
MINING CONVENTION.
It is reported by the bureau that* placer
mining, which originally opened up the
mining resources of Tuolumne, has prac
tically been given up as the gravel de
posits have been washed. Drift mining
is not active, although there may be
unworked bodies of gravel in the Table
Mountain channel. Some of the gravel
deposits were extensively worked in for
mer years. Gravel is being opened near
Cherokee and east from Groveland. Pock
et mining supports many miners near
Tuttletown and Sonora. This method al
lows three or four men at each mine to
work alonjr a- vein for the values found
in rich spots or pockets. Such properties
require little outlay and are often held
unpatented and worked by the owners or
under -royalty. Hydraulic mining has not
assumed great importance in the county,
although there are bodies of gravel that
could be worked by that process. Granite
and marble are being quarried to a con
siderable extent. An unlimited supply of
limestone is to be had.
DISUSED METHODS,
The Mining' Bureau. finds that the; gold
output of Tuolumne County comes almost
exclusively from l fr«e milling quartz bod
ies, which are worked .particularly along
the mother lode between -the towns of
Jacksonville and Jamestown. The mother
lode, which consists of several more or
less continuous quartz veins, enters the
county near Tuttletown and can be traced
almost continuously in a southeasterly di
rection, across the qp'unty. The average
dip is about 70 degrees from the horizon
tal and toward the northeast. Little de
velopment has taken place on the lode
seuth of the Tuolwmne River.
: . ' r. "¦ " * • '. Mr V-'.
resources of Tuolumne
County form the wibj«ot ef-e- -publica
tion Just Issued by the State Mining Bu
reau. Mining is the principal industry
of the county, although several mills are
kept running to supply yellow?- pine and
sugar pir.e lumber. In the low, Tolling
hills, in the western part of the county,
grezing and hay -raising are a source of
wealth; byft it is'as a mining 'county that
"old Tuolumne" is known wherever there
aro miners. The mining region is '• the
most thickly populated. Its elevation, ia
about 2000 feet. 'The range' of -elevation
in the county is from 300. leet above sea
level to 11.000 feet. • ' ' -
Of the total number of steerage aliens,
613,1-46 were males and 243,900 were fe
males, of whom 102,431 were less than
14 years of age. There were of these
3341 who could read, but could not write,
and 185,667 who could neither read nor
write, leaving a remainder able to both
read and write of 668,038. " The total
amount of money brought, by them into
the United States was $16,117,573.
The Commissioner refers to the grave
danger in this country found in the colo
nization of alien communities In : our
great cities. "Such colonies," he says,
"are a menace to the physical, social,
moral and political security of the coun
try."" Removed v from the ' sweat shops
and slums of the great cities and given
the opportunity to acquire a home, every
alien, however radical his theories of
government and individual rights may
have been, will become a conservative
supporter in theory, and practice of those
institutions under whose benign protec
tion he has acquired and can defend his
household goods. Suitable legislation' is
therefore strongly urged to establish
agencies by means of which, either with
or without the co-operation of the
States, aliens shall be made acquainted
with the resources of the country at
large, the industrial needs of the various
sections In both skilled and unskilled
labor, the cost of living, the wages paid,
the price and capabilities of the lands,
the character of the climate, the dura
tion of the seasons — in short, all of that
Information furnished by some of the
great railways.
1 • - • •.•-,-¦ . . l ¦ ¦- ¦: i ¦¦ :
' WASHINGTON, Oct. 23.— The' annual
report .of '. Commissioner General Frank
P. Sargent of the Bureau of Immigration
shows a large Increase of steerage im
migration over that of the preceding
year, the aggregate for the fiscal year of
1&0S being 857,046, an excess over that
of last year of 208;303, or 32 per cent.
The ; statistics show an increase of Im
migration from all foreign sources, sug
gesting as the chief cause of the Influx
of. aliens Into the United States during
.the year the Inducement offered to set
tlers here rather • than any special
causes of discontent in their own coun
tries. Of the total steerage Immigration
there came from Europe 814,607; from
Asia 29,966 and from all other (sources
12,573. . If to these figures are added
those representing the total arrivals of
alien. cabin passengers, 64,269, the result
will show that the total Immigration of
aliens to the' United States during the
year aggregated. 921,315. or 105.043 more
than the greatest number heretofore re
ported for any one year. '
The- greatest number of Immigrants,
230,622, came from Italy, an Increase .of
52,247 over last year; Austria-Hungary
furnished 206.011, an Increase of 34,022;
Russia, 186,093. an increase . of 28.746;
Germany, • 40,086, an increase. of .11,798;
Sweden, 46.028, an Increase of 15,134;
Ireland, 85,310, an Increase of 6172, and
England 26,219, an increase of 12,644. Of
the Oriental countries ¦ Japan was fore
most, with 19,968, an ' Increase of 5698,
while China contributed 2209, an in
crease of 560 over last year.
Assistant Chief of Detectives Keeley
and Deputy Sheriff Horan were selected
this afternoon by Circuit Attorney Folk
to ko to Mexico and set Kratz.,, ,.
Mexico has a law allowing fugitives td
be surrendered under such a' call, even
when their alleged crimes 'are not extra
ditable under treaty. The only require
ment is that the nation seeking the sur
render of such a fugitive shall engage to
grant any similar request coming from
Mexico>. . •¦ x ¦
i '¦ ' ¦ j ¦ ¦ ¦ !
ST. IX)UIS, Oct. 23.— Detective ; McDon
nell-returned-"to-day-Irom-Jefferson City
and delivered to Circuit Attorney Folfc
ttau extradition papers, signed Jjy Gover^
nor Dockery, for the return . of .Charles
Krat*. former member , of the . St. ; Lotiis
City Council, indicted, on : a charge jot
bribery in" connection with the Suburban
franchise deal, who was arrested in Mei-
Ico at the request of the State Depart
ment. • ¦• ' ' ! ' .'• ¦
". WASHINGTON, .Oct. 23.— The State De
partment has arranged for r . the return
from Mexico to gt Louis for trial for. al
leged boodlinff Charles J. '¦•. Kratz. The
constitution of Mexico makes it impos
sible ,to 'surrender .fugitives ./ from this
country charged with bribery, committed
prior to the negotiations of the new ex
tradition/ treaty. The State Department
has called. upon the Mexican Government
to surrender Kratz as an act of comity, a
very unusual proceeding upon the part of ¦
the United; States. •j, - - - '
Official Report Describes
Methods-*- and .Also
Situation.' ''
'230,622
Italy Furnishes the Greatest
Number of Newcomers : .
Counsel Asks Pointed Ques
tions of Lewis Nixon on
, Gross-Examination.
• •>•-.•¦-•. ¦
Settles Property Issues
With His Wife Out
of Court. '
Former St. Louis Council*
man Accused of. Boodling \
- o Must Return. ' - -xr j
John K Brown, Wanted
for Theft of $103,000,
1 J Is Behind Bara'
State Department Se
cures Act of Comity .
in Kratz Case.
Wealth Comes From
Free Milling Quartz
of Mother. Lode.
Steel Magnate "Is
..Made Plain.
Nature of Defense of
Immigration Increases
Thirty-Tyro Per Cent
for the Year.
ABSCONDER
SURRENDERS
TO POLICE
DEFINES MINES
OF TUOLUMNE
EUROPE SENDS
ALIEN THRONG
MEXICO FAVORS
LAW OFFICERS
TRUST DOOMED
SCHWAB CLAIMS
COMPROMISE
IS ARRANGED
BY GRIFFITH
THE SA1S T FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, OCTOBER 24, 1903
A Guaranteed Cure for Piles.
Itching. BllBd. Bleeding or Protruding Piles.
Your . druggist ¦¦ ***k refund . money - if , . ¦ Pazo
Ointment lalia to.^^i you in U to li days. COc*
-¦ SANTA MARIA. ; OcC 23.— A. \FumMsV th ,
Swiss who broke several : beer bottles on • tha
head of C Hustselnus, caunlng his death a few
days later, has been released from custody by
Justice \Maguire.. a plea of /wlt-defenw wat
entered and sustained. . . -
AUSTIN, Tex., Oct. 23.— Governor Len
ham to-day quarantined all Texas against
San Antonio on account . of the' yellow
fever there. The order Is mandatory on
all railroads to operate no trains ¦ In or
out of San Antonio from noon to-day nor
handle any freighter passenger business
from that city in any shape whatever. ',
Governor \ of Texas Prohibits Bail
roads From Handling tho' .
- City's Business.
FEVE& iir SAN; ANTONIO '
:;:}•"• compels a quarantine-
2
ADVESTISEMZNTS.
\ ' ; . • (
Is a popular home piano. . Its superb
mechanical equipment permits it. to be sub-
ject to the most perfect control. Its unrivaled
f acoustic properties give it a tone of rare beauty
and power — a power that makes it the equal
of any occasion, whether in the home or in
It is constructed to endure and render
the most delightful music meanwhile.
We will sell you a .Packard Piano on
terms so liberal as to make it absurd for you
to buy a "cheap" piano.
Inquire for our terms.
The Wiley B, Allen Co.
93I-933 Market Street,
SAN FRANCISCO. '
, • , Other Stores— Oakland, San Jose and Sacramento.
¦".-. .'.•„¦»
} ' j JD VERTISEMEN7S. - ;
"I h»r« used your T»ln«We Caseareta »nd find
them perfect. Conldn'i do wlthont them. I h»v«
used them for tome time tot indieeation and bil-
iousness «nd am now completely «!»"*<•• i»w>m-
mend them to everyone. Once tried, you wiU
neter be without Iheru in the family. _
EUmard A. Mars. Alasny, U.J,
CANDY CATMARTIC
Pleusn*. Palatabls. Potent, T«te Good. Do nood.
He*er Sieken. Weakan or Gripe, 10c. 25<r, Me. Nerer
¦old In balk. The gennine tablet stamped ft C.
1 Guaranteed to euro or your money bock.
Sterling Remedy Co.. Chicago or N. Y. 60s
AH3UAL SALE, TEN MILLION BOXES
BEERS I
Famous the World H
O ve r— Full^M atured. 3
•Sold EVerytohera, J
HILBEKT -SIERCANTn^B COt. B
I Faclflc Coast Agent*. . - li
.CUTLERiy
E7ERYBLA1OARRANTB)
POLITICAL CABDS. ....
For
Mayor
HENRY J. CROCKER
Republican
Nominee
• *
For Tax Collector
Edward V
SMITH
\ ¦ (INCUMBENT.)
Regular Republican Nominee
JFer Public Atfministrator|_
William E. Lutz
""[Republican Homines^
r. Democratic Nomee.-
For, Sheriff
Peter J. Curtis 1
Chairman Street Committee or Present Board
of Supervisors.
Democratic Nominee
Union Labor Party Nomine*
-_ ADVEBTIS'g^rPNTf?,
.•_¦;.; % •
The Best Novel
BBEWSTEB'S
- MILLIONS
B v i
. " ' • - ¦ ¦ - . . i in r"Tiwiiiiwm— fWTTnaTi"Hiiii"iTr'*TP | *i<i T ii' | i'i'Tiii n \t\*SCENE AT THE BALL GIVEN IN THE PAT-ACE HOTEL LAST
NIGHT BY THE DAUGHTERS OF THE CONFEDERACY, A PA
TRONESS AND THREE GUESTS.
KILLED BY BLOW FROM WINDLASS.—
WHUaxn Murphy. 22 years of age. of JMS Lis
bon «treet. waa killed yesterday by beins hit
on the he«d by a windlass while at work mov
inv m Iumim on Bush street.
, G. E. Weiler, who was, brought from
Los Angeles on Wednesday night by De
tective Whltaker on a charge of passing
a worthless check on Blbo, Newman' &
Co., grocers, Polk and Callfomla^Btreets,
was booked at the City Prison yester
day on another charge of the same na
ture. The complaining witness is John
C. DIehl, proprietor of the v Buena Vista
market, 1377 Haight street. He ; alleges
that on October , 9 Weiler purchased $6
worth of goods from . him and tendered
him in payment a check for $30 drawn by
Thomas H. Green on the California Safe
Deposit and Trust Company, receiving the
balance of $24 in coin. The check,* DIehl
alleges, is worthless.
"Weiler in More Trouble.
Yesterday W. J. Westphal, a pawnbrok
er at 10 Sixth street, secured a warrant
from Judge Conlan for Schumacher's ar
rest on a similar charge. Wcstphal alleges
that on September 3 he intrusted Schu
macher as bailee with a diamond valued
at $130 and an emerald valued at $2C5 and
he discovered on Thursday that Schu
macher had sold the articles and appro
priated the money to his own uses and
purposes. iftS
The polJce have been unable to find H.
G. Schumacher cf the bankrupt firm of
Schumacher & Co., Jewelers, for whose
arrest a warrant was issued by Police
fudge Conlan on Thursday on a charge
of felony embezzlement on complaint of
Leon Carrau of the firm of Carraui &
Green, Jewelers* 220 Sutter street, Carrau
accused him of embezzling a pair of dia
mond earrings valued at $144, which he
got to sell or return.
Pawnbroker Swears Out Warrant for
, His Arrest for Embez
zlement.
SCHUMACHER ACCUSED
OF EMBEZZLING GEMS
The eleventh annual benefit of San
Francisco Lodge No. 21, Theatrical Me
chanics' Association, was given at the
Alhambra Theater yesterday afternoon.
The large house was well filled and the
programme was of a high class order.
A feature of the entertainment was a
three-round sparring exhibition between
Robert Fitzsimmons and his partner,
Dave Barry. In the last round Fitzsim
mons gave a clever imitation . of a pu
gilist who is just about out. Af the con
clusion of the bout Fitz made a short
speech, which was well received. . The
other artists were Lillian Levy and Hazel
Purdy in songs and dances; Charles Gard
ner, cornet and bell soloist; John World
and Mlndell Kingston, singing and danc
ing artists: Bernard, Kolb and Dill* of
Fische'r's Theater, and Madame Caro Roma
and Miss Eugenia Barker In vocal selec
tions; Fowler brothers, premier acrobats;
Fischer and Wacker, comic Tyrolean
singers; Harry Hermsen, in character
sketches; Miss Marie Htoddard as "Susie
Ely" from Pike County, Mo.; Maud Am
ber of Fischer's; Louise Jeffries, charac
ter artist; Arthur Boyce, dramatic tenor;
Arnold and Ethel Grazer In musical selec
tions; Fischer's quartet; Louie Darce,
"the funny lady," and the Juvenile Rag
time double sextet.
Bob Fitzsimmons Spars for Three
Rounds at the Alhambra
Theater.
THEATBICAL MECHANICS
HOLD ANNUAL BENEFIT
Hilliard Russell, colored, was exon
erated by a Coroner's Jury yesterday for
the death of his wife, Dora, whom he
shot and killed on October 13 at 159 Cor
bett avenue. He etated after the shoot-
Ing that he had mistaken his wife for a
burglar.
At the time of the shooting Rosella,
aged 15, and Lucy, aged 12 years, occu
pied a room adjoining that in which their
mother was killed. They told the police
that their father had a serious quarrel
with their mother on the preceding even
ing and that just before the shot was
tired they heard their mother cry,' "Have
mercy!"
At the inquest yesterday the girls de
nied having made these statements and
testified that there had not been any
quarreling between their parents.
The Jury returned a verdict of "unin
tentional homicide."
Beturx^ a Verdict of Unintentional
Homicide for the Killing of
His Wife.
BUSSELL EXONEBATED
BY A COBONEB'S JUEY
SAN JOSE, Oct. 23.— Judge Rhodes
this afternoon denied the petition of
Kate Lewis Smith for appointment as
guardian of Mrs. Inez Sexton Hutton,
wife, of the San Francisco Police Com
missioner. Mrs. Hutton disappeared some
wr-eks ago, after leaving a statement that
she had become reconciled to her hus-
Da»iQ.
Hutton Case Is Finally Ended.
The taking of testimony in the suit of
Archbishop Patrick W. Riordan against
Mrs. Belle Sprague and her husband,
Richard Sprague, was resumed yesterday
in the United States Circuit Court.
Peter F. Dunne began the morning
session by addressing the jury on behalf
of his clients, contending that the foun
tain agreement was invalid because at
the time that Ryland Wallace signed the
name of Mrs. Belle Donahue to It, to
gether with his own as her attorney, he
did not hold the power of attorney, Mr3.
Donahue beinir in this State at the time
the document was signed and executed.
He also contended that the document
was of no moment In the case because it
had been executed without any consid
eration. On both these vital pjlnts the
attorney attacked the testimony of Gar
ret McEnerney as not to be believed
against the testimony of Mr. Wallace.
T. C. Van Ness closed the argument on
behalf of Archbishop. Riordan and urged
the jurors to take the two agreements
with them and give them careful study
in the Jury-room before deciding upon
their verdict.
Judge Morrow, in charging the jury, in
structed them that If they should find In
favor of Archbishop Riordan, the plain
tiff, they should give their verdict for
$21,797 95, which was the sum sued for plus
the interest at 7 per cent. The Jury re
tired at 4:35 p. m. to deliberate.
At 10 o'clock the Jury was locked up for
the night.
Judge Morrow Defines Award Should
Verdict Be in Favor of
Plaintiff.
SPBAGUE CASE IS CLOSED
AND JUBY IS LOCKED UP
Despondent by reason of the fact that
a female friend to whom she had loaned
$1600 took passage on the steamer Si
beria, bound for China, yesterday, June
Yoke, a Chinese woman aged 27 years,
committed suicide yesterday afternoon
by taking opium.
The body was discovered by friends of
the dead woman in a room at 32 Ross
alley, and Detective McMahon and Pa
trolman Earl were notified. On a table
in the room was found an ivory Jar that
had contained more than a dollar's worth
of the deadly drug.
It was ascertained from friends that
Ehe had loaned $1600 to Kim Sim, an in
mate of a house on Sullivan alley. Kim
Sim was beset by creditors and on Thurs
day night Miss Cameron of the Chinese
Mission enlisted the services of the po
lice to secure her trunk from a house on
Sullivan alley. '£*£'.
June Yoke was told yesterday .that
Kim Sim had departed for the Flowery
Kingdom on the steamer Siberia, and
realizing that there was no chance of
securing her money she repaired to her
room and ended her life. The Coroner's
office was notified and the body removed
to the Morgue.
Becomes Despondent Over Loss of
Large Sum of Money and
Commits Suicide.
CHINESE WOMAN ENDS LIr'E
WITH QUANTITY OF OPIUM
Police Arrest Wrong Man.
SAN JOSE. Oct. 23.— A man answering
the description of Francisco Borelll.
wanted in Merced County for murder, waa
arrested here to-day by the police. After
an investigation it was learned that Bo
relll was not the man wanted and he wad
released.
Striking Idiners Are Convicted.
SOLOMONVILLE. A. T., Oct. 23.— Of
the seventeen miners indicted by the
Grand Jury of Graham County ten were
convicted, four dismissed and three are
at large. The charges are inciting to not
and disturbing the peace on June 9 dur
inp the strike at Morenci. The cause of
th* strike was the enforcement of the
eight-hour law. the miners demanding ten
flours' pay for eight hours' work. Sen
t*-n<«rs will be pronounced to-morrow on
the convicted men.
Insurance Agent Is in Trouble.
SANTA ROSA. Oct. 23.— A warrant was
sworn out in this city Friday by J. M.
Kllgraif of San Francisco, charging
Thomas P. Fahey of petaluma with em
bezzlement. Kilgralf is agent of the Pa
cific Mutual Life Insurance Company and
Fahey Is the agent of the company at
Petaluma. While acting In that capacity
Fahey Is alleged to have collected $2SG on
a life insurance policy and appropriated
the money to his own use. Fahey Is at
present absent from Petaluma. He was
a prominent man of that vicinity.
MANY LATE ARRIVALS.
» There having been many dinners before
the ball, the guests were late in
ing. But by 11 'the affair was In ' full
Miss Gibbons looked charming, in pale
pink • mull, garnished with pink rosebuds
and a pink sash. V
Miss Short, dainty ever, was captivating
In a . white shirred frock, simply trimmed
with a 'soft white sash.
Miss Murison was unquestionably one of
the belles of the ball in a dainty little
frock of white point d'esprlt f over pink
Bilk. The shirrings about the skirt were
especially effective.
One of the most exquisite gowns seen
was that worn by Mrs. Morit ew, of
white crepe, heavily trimmed with rare
Irish point. She wore many beautiful
corsage Jewels.
Miss McNear was striking In a pure
white gown of point d'esprit. .
Miss McCalla wore white, and she made
a dainty picture." _
Miss Ethel Hastings appeared in a
clinging gown of blue crepe.
Distinguished by her beauty and the
splendor of her gown* was Mrs. John D.
Spreckels Jr.' Her robe was of white
crepe, exquisitely embroidered in spangles
and oddly ; trimmed with long ;- silken
fringe. She wore a spray of scarlet roses
at thte edge of the low. corsage.
Mrs. Lowrie, wife of Colonel Lowrie of
Georgia, wore : a ¦; courtly gown of black
chantllly over white taffeta.
Miss May : Foulkes made an interesting
figure in a Parisian frock of white chif
fon.
Among the best gowned women. were:
Mrs. Voorhies, who wore a beautiful robe
of white brocade trimmed with Irish
poUat; Miss Marie Voorhies, In a pale pink
frock of embroidered mull with low cor
sage; Mrs. J. Malcolm Henry was re
splendent in a robe of white panne velvet
with a low bodice; about her throat was
a beautiful string of pearls with a large
pendant of diamonds. Miss Maye Col
burn never looked more stunning than in
the black glitter gown she wore last night.
It set off her blonde coloring exquisitely.
Miss Mabel Watkins wore a charming
frock of pale blue mousseline de sole, p
Mrs. Ira Pierce was beautiful in a white
gown, elaborately trimmed with heavy
lace.
To Mrs. Alfred Hunter Voorhies, the
president of the chapter, Is due much, of
the credit for the results, likewise to the
other patronesses, who were Mrs. Arthur
\V. Foster, Mrs. William M. Gwin, Mrs.
William H.' Herrin, Mrs. William B. Col
lier, Mrs. Selden Wright, Mrs. Wakefield
Baker, Mrs. Phoebe -Hearst, Mrs. John
Garber, Mrs, Eleanor Martin, Mrs. Ynez
Shorb White, Mrs. William L. Duff and
Mrs>William B. Pritchard.
Pursuant to her promise, Mrs. Eleanor
Martin returned from the East especially
to attend the ball.
That the affair was a social success is
conceded; likewise was it a fair financial
success. At any rate, many friendless
veterans will be enabled thereby to find
a haven of comfort when overtaken by
illness or misfortune. And above and be
yond the beauty, the gowns, the jewels,
the joys of the ball comes that feature,
the humanitarianism that lies beneath It
all.'
BALL WAS A SUCCESS.
Chapter of the United Daughters
of the Confederacy proved an affair that
will linger long in the annals of society as
a function of unusual brilliance— and, bet
ter still, as a function that will bring
good cheer into the hearts of the "men.
who wore the gray."
Such gowns! Such stunning women!
Such gorgeous trappings of wealth! And
it all gravitates to the. sweet cause of
charity. The women who carried the af
fair to such a splendid success— these
women of the Southland— have ever been
famous for their charm and gracious hos
pitality. It Is part and parcel of their per
sonality.
Then there were the buds, who always
bring In their wake a breezy, buoyant
air, and the stately belles, to whom the
ball- was simply one of many. Then, too,
were the bankers and their ladies, many
of whom are from the South and of kin
to the women who planned the affair of
last night.
The new ballroom was ornamented
solely by Its own beauty, the brilliant
lights glinted the gold traceries with
splendid effect. About the casement where
the orchestra sat a little forest of palms
had sprung up, but in dazzling relief as
to color, were the ebon and scarlet silken
furnishings, new— very new for the dames
and damsels who deigned to rest upon
them.
THE white and gold ballroom of
the Palace presented a magnifi
cent spectacle last night. The ball
of the .Albert Sidney Johnston
Visiting Bankers and .Families Are
Honored Guests.
swing and a charming picture was pre
sented. But why so many handsome men
stood steadfastly unmoved by the rhythmic
music and the pretty maids is a hard con
jecture. Some of the likeliest men stood
in the recesses chatting during the entire
affair— and they were dancing men, too.
Scandalous, wasn't It?
Supper was served In the ladies' grill
and there is where mirth of the real kind
prevailed. It always happens that many
people take their, pleasure seriously, and
their dancing almost mournfully. But
when it comes to sitting down at a dainty
table, with a dainty maid. In a dainty
supper-room, somehow they thaw out
even the grumpiest fellows are amenable
to those conditions. And thus will many
pleasant memories remain of the first
SAN DIEGO, Oct. ».— A branch of the
Raja Yoga School at Point Loma is to b«
established here by Mrs. Tlngley. Ac
cording to rumor the incentive for start
ing the school at this time is that there
are a number of children out of the public
schools because the Board of Education is
strictly enforcing the law regarding vac
cination. A good many parents here, as
elsewhere, do not believe in vaccination
and many more do not believe In compul
sory vaccination. Parents have therefore
kept their children away from school
rather than have them vaccinated. These
parents will be particularly invited to
send children to the new school, which
will be located In a portion of the Isis
Theater building, which Is owned by the
brotherhood. : : V?'
Be Drawn.
San Diego to Have a School Wb«n
Strict Sanitary Lines Will Not
TJNVACCINATED PUPILS
WILL BE GIVEN WELCOME
The grand officers and district deputies
will be shown around the city to-morrow
morning by Mayor George Clark.
SACRAMENTO. Oct. 23.— At to-day f s
session of the Grand Chapter of the
Order of the Eastern Star the remaining
officers of the Grand Chapter were
elected. Mrs. Kate J. Wiilats of San Fran
cisco was re-elected prand secretary.
Mrs. 'Willats has served the Grand Liodge
as secretary for the past twenty-two
years. Miss Barr.cs of Healdsburg was
elected grand treasurer. The other grand
officers will be appointed.
The newly elected officers were In-
Etalk-d this afternoon and the Grand
Chapter concluded its business.
The memb*s of the Grand Chapter
were given a taeater party this evening.
Mrs. Kate J. Willats of San Francisco
Is Be-elected Secretary of the
Grand Chapter.
OB-DEB OF TASTr.-R.TX STAB
CLOSES ANNUAL SESSION
ball of the season of "03. Among those
present were the following:
Miss Anthony. Dr. Brennan, Mr. and Mrs.
Baker, Mr. and Mrs. O. D. Baldwin, Judge and
Mrs. Belcher. Miss Cole, Mr. and Mra. Cross,
A. "W. Dimond, Dr. Dabney. Mr. and Mrs.
Prummln. Mr. and Mra. K. K. Ellis, Mr. Fltz
cheny, Mr. and Mrs. A. "W. Foster. Miss An
nie A. Foster, A. J. Foster. Mrs. Frame. Miss
Frame, H. S. Foote Jr., W. W. Foote, Count
Gremonl, Spencer Grant. Mr. Hardy, Mls«
Hardy, Thomas Hudson", Mr. Hljcjtfns. Dr. Hop
kins. Dr. A. J. Hinder. Mrs. Malcolm Henry,
Dr. C. W. Knowles. Mr. Kentdeld. Mrs. Kent
field. Charles R. McCormlck. Miss Messonlcl,
L. A: McDougherty. Mr. and Mrs. C. Mc-
Dougherty, Mrs. Eleanor Martin. Mr. and Mrs.
McCutcheon, Dr. and Mrs. Morftew, Mrs.
Porter. MIm Blanche Price. Miss ParVes. Mr.
Petherlck, Mr. and Mrs. Powers. Miss Plau.
James D. Phelan, Mr. and Mrs. Payot. E. W.
Runyon. Miss Rose. Mr. Reid. Irving M. Rob
bins, Mr. Sherwood, J. M. Scott, Rudolph
Schiller, E. J. Vogrel. Grantland Voorhies, Miss
Voorhles, Mra. Voorhles. Mr. and Mrs. R. B.
Whitney, Mr. Wilson, Mr. and Mrs. Watklns.
Mr. and Mrs. Wlthlna. MIm Wilson. Mrs. S.
White, Colonel and Mm. Lowrie.
Forest of Palms
Conceals the
Orchestra.
SANTA CRUZ, Oct. 23.— The Eattera
Hotel, built In the early 'SO's. was burned
early this morning. It was a. four-story
frame structure of thirty rooms and was
owned by F. A. Ilihn. Many of the guests
experienced great difficulty In making
their way out through the suffocating
smoke. There was no Insurance on the
builiding or contents.
The hotel was conducted by A. N. Hedg
path. Several of the guests were ill. but
they were removed from the building be
fore the fire gained much headway.
The building was one of the oldest In
Santa Crux and stood at the corner of
Pacific and Walnut avenues. It was orig
inally an academy, conducted by Mr. and
Mrs. Pioda. Then for ten years it served
as the Congregational parsonage. Twen
ty-five years ago it was remodeled and
enlarged and fitted up for Qulncy Hall
Seminary, a fashionable boarding school
for young ladies, conducted by Mra. Sara
Gamble. After the removal of the sem
irary to San Francisco the building was
again enlarged and rented as a hotel.
Special Dispatch to The Can.
SEATTLE, Oct. 21— Th« steamer Lydia
Thompson of tiie Puget Sound Navigation
Company plying between Seattle and
"Whatcom ran ashore on Smiths Island In
a dense tog this morning- at 8 o'clock. An
Investigation showed that little or no
damage had been sustained by the vessel,
and Purser Johnson waa dispatched to
Port Townsend to get assistance.
Johnson was lucky In securing a small
gasoline launch which was at the Island
at th» time and arrived late this after
noon. The services of the tug: Tacoma
were secured and she started for the scene
of the accident at 11 o'clock to-night and
will endeavor to pull the vessel off at
high, tide to-morrow morning.
In case the Tacoma falls Tort Engineer
Lent will go from Seattle on the steamer
Roealle In the morning with appliances.
It Is thought from the description of her
location that the tug will have no trouble
In dislodging the vessel and that she will
be able to proceed to her destination at
Whatcom under her own steam.
Special Dispatch to Tht, Can.
Vessel Sustains Little Injury
and May Get Off at
High Tide.
Quests Escape From Building
but Lose Their Personal
Effects.
Steamer Lydia Thomp
son Aground on
Smiths Island.
Eastern Hotel in Santa
Cruz Is Ravaged by
Pierce PJamea
LOSES HER WAY
DURING THE FOG
FIRE DESTROYS
OLD LANDMARK
BENEATH BRILLIANT CHANDELIERS HANDSOME WOMEN IN CHARMING
GOWNS ATTEND THE CHARITY BALL OF DAUGHTERS OF CONFEDERACY
THE SAN FKANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY; OCTOBER 24, 1903.
3
ADVERTISEMENTS.
lECONOMICAL:
]! u s e ';
i i
j Walter Bakers
lj Cocoa and Chocolate;
I 1 Because they yield THE 1 !
INMOST and BEST FOR';
;!t he m o n e y!;
1 ( t
I
\ The Finest Cocoa in the World;
} Costs less than One Cent a Cup \ ;
I Our Choice Bedpe Book, »eot free, will tt!l yon I
C how to tncXt Fudge and » gnat variety of (Utnty i
{ <-.r.;»« from our Cocoa aod Chocolato ' ,
.) ————^—^——^—^— (
} Walter Baker & Co. Ltd.;!
* I ECTaBUSHXD 1780 , '
) DORCHESTER, MASS. i
S /.AHIGNEST AWARDS III /
'l EUROPE AND AMERICA ,'
1 PARKER'S I
1 Hair ji
Jj Balsam !
I I'romoLefc tbe growth cl tta hair and !
* ClvcsltthelostrisandBniUjeacolyoutlL J
<j irhca cie bair Is gray or taOaO. It <
J BRINGS BACK THE YOUTHFUL COLOR. |
J, It prevents Danfavtt and lialr faHttig i
I and keeps tLcccaipci^a and healthy. \
Schilling's Best is not some-
times but always best.
At your grocer's.
. Moneyback.
'." '"¦'.'"..• ORAPE-NTJTS.
No Tax
on the digestive
Organs when
Grape=Nuts
IS THE FOOD
"THERE'S A REASON-" Selected field grains are. put
through a scientific process (that
"1VTT»TT ATT TTTT? ArTT r TT>T\f"C'1C f P 1 T"C"T TTC'
WITJti AJjJL. lJtiJk JN U IJilMJliJN 1 JUMl 1JN.
* -There's A Reason ' '
lUcfotc ifi<mch pfickiige for t|ie "meaty* little book, "The Road to Wellv.ll*.**SANTA: CRUZ. Oct. 23.— Mrs. Sarah
Ashley, who came here in '1849, died last
night at her home at Fclton. She leaves
a' husband and several children.
Santa j Cruz looses an Old Resident.
SACRAMENTO, Oct. 23. — The trustees of the
State Reform School at lone this afternoon
?lected W. T. Randall as superintendent. Ran
dall has hern president of the Southern Cali
fornia University for two years. .»
GYMNASIUM MEMBERS FEAST.— The first
annual banquet of the gymnasium members of
the Young Men's Christian Association, which
" k „!.<.« last night, was one of the most
successful social affairs ever held within th*
walls of the building. :
PORTLAND, Or., Oct. 23.— C. M. Donkel
has been acquitted at Prineville of the
murder of his father, who was found bur
ied with a hole In his head.
Acquitted of Murder of Father.
OPPOSES ORIENTAT. LABORERS.— Walter
Macarthur of the Labor Council presented a
series of resolution* at the weekly meeting
last nlcht condemning the Importation of Mon
golians* and Japanese Into the Philippine and
Hawaiian I*'.ands.
Marriage Licenses.
OAKLAND, Oct. 23.— The following
marriage licenses were issued by the
County Clerk to-day: Frank A. Peters,
24,' and Tlllie C. Bernal. 23,,both of Pleas
anton; Harold A. Miller, 28, and Barbara
H. Drever, 28, both of San Leandro; Man
uel M. Lopez. 23, and Mary J. Lopez, 25,
both of Pleaganton.' i MB&m8§&&Htttmit
SAN JOSE, Oct. 23.— A. A. Marsh, aged
about, 40, was found dead to-day in the
rear/bf a barn owned by his brother at
Saratoga. Marsh had killed himself by
swallowing carbolic acid. He was unmar
ried and a heavy, drinker. .
Swallows Carbolic Acid and Dies.
TACOMA, Oct. 23.— Frank B. Cole of
Tacoma was to-day appointed receiver of
the Washington Match Company , by
Judge Hanford of the Federal Court in
session at Spokane. In a suit in Tacoma
last week it appears the company had re
ceived $35,000 in cash subscriptions to the
stock. It has a large building in this cfty,
but has never made any -matches here.
Judge v Snell declared, in giving Judgment
against the company, that Us methods
were reeking with fraud.
Appoints Beceiver for Match" Co.
VALLEJO. Oct. 23. — One hundred and alxty
marines who recently arrived here from the
Philippines, where they bad served three yeais.
left for the East to-night. An unusual honor
waa shown them by Commandant McCalla,
who ordered a band to accompany them as far
as Vallejo Junction. This attention by Com
mandant McCalla 1« ascribed to the remaik
ably Kood deportment of the men while here.
Not a single Infraction of the regulations by
them waa reported.
SANTA ROSA, Oct. 23.— Charles Pertoli
was attempting to tighten a valve on a
steam pump at his father's factory in this
city this morning, when tho valve blew
out and he was badly scalded by escaping
steam.
Sadly Scalded by Escaping Steam.
SANTIAGO DE CHILE, Oct. 23,-Gen
eral Louis Barrios has been appointed
Minister for War in the reconstructed
Chilean Cabinet.
Chilean War Minister Appointed.
Is hereby given of the following
change In the aids to navigation In this dis
trict, which affect* the list of lights and fog
signals, Pacific Coeet, 1803:
OREGON AND WASHINGTON.
Columbia. River— Lower Sands Post Lights,
page 28. after No. 05 (list . of beacons and
?- °^' 8 V>, Paclflc c °a»t. 1003, pag« 83). October
1<, 1803. a fixed white lantern light, suspended
twenty-five feet above the water from an arm
on a cluster of three black piles, in nineteen
feet of water, was established as a guide in
the* channel as far as Astoria, Or. Smith
p o»nt Post Light, ENE. >/4 E.; Tansy Point
wharf. WSW. % W. ; Fort Stevens wharf. W.
The following changes affect the list of bea
cons and buoys. Pacific Coast, 1003:
OltEGpN AND WASHINGTON. '
Columbia River entrance, page 61— Peacock
Bpit buoy No. 0. a black first-class can, was
moved October 18. 1903, and is now in thirty
feet of water and marks the outer edg« of tha
North Channel. North Head Lighthouse, N
by B. ;% E.; Cape Disappointment Llghthouite'
NE. % E. : Point Adams Light
house. E. % S. V«ssel 8 should not pass to the
northward of this buoy.
WASHINGTON.
Grays Harbor, channel to Hoqulam, page 74
—Port side of channel buoy No. 3. a first-class
¦par. was discontinued October 15. l»03. ,
¦ Strait of Juan de Fuca, page 70— Sand Spit
New Dungenesa buoy No. 2. a first-clan) nun
reported 1 carried away j October 15. . 1003, wlli
be replaced as early as practicable.
By order of the Lighthouse Board.
;, J - C. G. CALKIN8.
Commander. U. S. N.; Lighthouse Inspector. S'
-
Notice to Mariners.
BERLIN, Oct. 23.— Emp«ror William
sank to hla waist in a bog during his re
cent deer stalking. He was pulled out
and he continued to hunt.-
Kaiser in a Bog.
VALETTA. Island of Malta. Oct. 23.— A
fireworks explosion at a workmen's club
In the village of Balsan has resulted in a
woman and four men being killed and the
Injury of fourteen persons.
Fatal Explosion of Fireworks.
Delivers Lecture on Eastern Problem.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY. Oct. 23.—
Jerome B. Landfleld, assistant in history
in the University of California, delivered
a very interesting lecture in the old
chapel this afternoon on the subject,
"Present Conditions in Southeastern Eu
rope in the Light of History." The speak
er' has lately visited the region in ques
tion and has made a special study' of the
Eastern problem.
PORTLAND. Or., Oct. 23.— The First
Presbyterian .Church of this city, the
wealthiest church In Oregon, was an inno
cent contributor to the ill-gotten gains of
the gang of boodlers who flourished in the
County Clerk's office in 1D01. The sum of
$500 was paid out of the church treasury
in supposed settlement of a mortgage tax
amounting to a little more than $1000, and
not a dollar of the money was received
by the county. The payment was made
by Wallace McCamant. one of the church
trustees, to a deputy in the County
Clerk's office, and by means of fraudu
lent entries on the records the taxes were
made to appear, as canceled and the en
tire $500 was stolen.
Boodlers Swindle Church Trustees.
Bethlehem " Cholera Stamped Out.
JERUSALEM, Oct. 23.— The outbreak of
cholera at Bethlehem, which was report
ed October 17, has-been stamped out and
the cordon of troops which had been
drawn around the city has been removed.
MRS. EUGENE CASSERLY
WINS FIRST SKIRMISH
OAKLAND, Oct. 23.— The first skirmish
over a part of the land upon which the
county buildings now stand, begun by the
widow of the late Senator Eugene eas
terly, was won by her to-day, "when Judge
Greene overruled the demurrer to her
complaint, which demurrer was filed by
the District Attorney.
Mrs. Casserly claims 'that her deceased
husband purchased an Interest In the
land upon which tb* 'Courthouse and the
Hall of Records now etand. The title to
the land, Ehe say*, is still hers, and she
has asked to be let into possession of
them. The property in question Is valued
at about $750,000. Ehe claims about a one
thlrty-slxth part of this.
Mapping Out New Road to Eureka.
EUREKA. Oct. 23.— The grade stakes on
the proposed route of the Southern Pacific
Railroad to connect Eureka with San
Francisco "have been laid to Myers, about
ten miles below Dyerville. The grade be
tween here and Willits has been found
to be about .one and three- fourths in
stead of two and one-half per cent to the
mile. The surveyors are inclined to think
their road cannot be built in less than
five years. According to that statement
the Santa Fe will probably reach Eureka
first.
Judge Wellborn Cites Parkyns.
LOS ANGELES, Oct. 23.— Judge Well
born issued an order of citation to-day
directed to G. A. Parkyns, assistant
freight and passenger agent of the South
ern Pacific In. this district, requiring him
to show cause why he should not appear
in court and testify regarding certain
points that the Interstate Commerce
Commission desires enlightenment on
Fir© Destroys a Packing-House.
VISALIA. Oct. 23.-F. T. Barnard's
packing-house In this city waa destroyed
by fire to-night. The loss will reach $12,
000. One hundred tons of prunes, two cars
of peaches, one car of raisins and a com
plete outfit of valuable machinery is v a
totalloss. r i/j •
VAIfCOUVKR, .Wash., Oct. 23.-^bn Monday
next 17,845 acres of Government land will be
thrown open to Bettlemont In Skaminia County
and already several hundred applicant* ara
waiting at the Land Office in this city.
Chinese Thugs Sentenced to Han?.
VANCOUVER. B. C. Oct. 23—For the
murder of Ah Gee on the Fraser River
last June three companions of the victim
— Sak Chum. Ah Gum and Gum Tai— were
to-day found guilty at the assizes at Clin
ton, B. C, and sentenced to be hanged
on December 10.
LEXINGTON, Ky.. Oct. 23.— It is an
nounced that William C Whitney, the
millionaire turfman of New York, is ne
gotiating for the lease of the Woodburr
farm, in Woodford County, as a breeding
fsrm.
May Lease Woodburn Farm.
PARIS, Oct. 23.— "L'Adversarie." a play
by Alfred Capua and Emmanuel Arene,
was produced at the Renaissance- Theater
to-night and promises to be an Immense
success.
New Flay, of Promise.
The police held Kriski as a witness, and
the two other men were detained and will
be returned to Berkeley this morning.
William Kriski, a cook, complained last
night to a Bpedal officer on one of the
boats coming to the city from Oakland
that two young men on the boat — John
Nunan and Paul Louibeck— had robbed
him of $5 in Berkeley. The two men were
handed over to the police on the
of the boat on this side, when Nuiian and
Louibeck made the startling statement
that Kriski while visiting "West Berkeley
with them made a proposition to them to
burn the house of his mother, Mrs. Bertha
Veiffhand, living at Ellsworth and Park
streets, East Berkeley. They say they
would not agree to be parties to the act,
and admit that while walking along one
of the streets they took 50 cents from
Kriski. •
MAKE STRANGE ACCUSATION
AGAINST .THEIR .COMPANION
LONDON, Oct. 24.— The Seoul .corre
spondent of the Times announces that the
first section of the Japanese railway from
Seoul to Fusan was opened yesterday in
the presence of the entire diplomatic
corps.
Section of Japanese Road Opened.
Suits for divorce were begun to-day by
Bert N. Landon against May Landon, on
the ground cf cruelty. He alleges that
her behavior with other men has caused
him much tnlscry. Hefeeks for the cus
tody of tha children. Ada Lee sues An
tone A. Lee for divorce on the ground of
cruelty. They have been married a year
and live In Alvarado, and she claims that
the actions of which she complains began
soon after their marriage.
OAKLAND. Oct. 23— Divorces were
granted to-day as follows: Gertrude H.
Dolan from James M. Dolan, on the
ground of desertibn.. She was allowed to
resume her maiden name of Hamilton.
Florence M. Tiers from Edward Tiers, on
the ground of desertion. She was allowed
to resume her maiden name of Stalman.
Catherine F. Hlnckley from George C.
Hinckley. on the ground of failure to pro
vide. John Borge from Lena Borge. on
the ground of desertion. Ida Gillmore
from Henry J- Gillmore, on the gTound of
desertion.
Suits Looking to This End Filed by
Bert Landon and Ada
MISMATED COUPLES ARE
FREED BY THE COURTS
SAN MATEO, Oct. 23.— The Woman's
Auxiliary Civic Club has completed the
details for tho big flower exhibit to be
given here next Friday, October 3a Owing
to the lateness of the season and the fear
of rain the. parade feature has been aban
doned. The flower exhibit, however, will
be a gorgeous affair, as exhibitors from
all sections of the county have entered
the competition. Exhibitors from the
Menlo Park Horticultural Society have
also signified their intention of being here
with choice specimens. There will be lib
eral cash prizes. A feature of the enter
tainment will be a promenade concert by
a special orchestra. Special cars will be
run to accommodate city visitors.
SAN MATEO TO EXHIBIT
WEALTH OF HER GARDENS
SAN JOSE, Oct. 23.— There is big rivalry
over securing water rights in the Mount
Hamilton range, and ranchers with any
kind of a water supply find no difficulty in
disposing of their lands. Both the Spring
Valley Water Company and the Bay Cit
ies Water Company have buyers in the
field. Three options on lands were filed
to-day in the Recorder's office, by which
John U. Smith, W. L. Garrett and Joseph
Fisher agree to sell 160 acres each at
sums varying from $1500 to $2000 each. The
options are secured in the namge of
George A. de Prez.
The lands are located six miles east of
Mount Hamilton, and are undoubtedly in
connection with some plan to utilize the
water of that section by one of the two
companies. The Spring Valley is securing
rights to drain the watersheds into the
big reservoir to be built in Calaveras Val
ley. In the southern end of the range the
Bay Cities Company wants the waters for
a reservoir at Coyote, and is digging a
tunnel to drain the shed secured by the
Spring Valley. A big legal battle Is Im
minent between the two companies.
Rival Water Companies Are Securing
Bights in" the Mount Ham
"> ilton Range.
RANCHERS GET GOOD
PRICES FOR THEIR LAND
Bert Fitch, who has a real estate office
at Bay station, discovered the charged
wire across the pavement while on his way
home. He told Officer Welch of the men
ace to the lives of pedestrians, and the
move from a sidewalk at Bay
station last night. He was thrown into
the gutter .by the powerful current and
rendered unconscious for fifteen minutes.
Lionel Moreal, who went to the patrol
man's assistance and took hold of the
wire with a pair of nippers, was also
shocked Into Insensibility, but suffered no
serious injury. Welch was badly burned
on the right hand and still feels the ef
fects of the death-dealing fluid that per
meated his system.
. ' LAMEDA. Oct. 23.— Policeman
/\ Dennis Welch barely escaped be^
/o\ ing electrocuted by a fallen live
wire that he was trying to re-
SAN JOSE, Oct. 23.— Because^ his love
was spurned, J. M. Castro attempted to
kill Mrs. R. H. Bernal at her house at
485 North Priest street this evening. Caa
tro called at Mrs. Bernal's home this
evening and told her she must choose
between his love and death. Castro then
drew a large knife and threatened . to kill
her. He pursued her Into the street, and,
catching her, a struggle ensued. Deputies
Shatter and Welnberg of the Sheriff's of
fice were passing and went to'Mrs.'Ber
nal's help. The woman was cut in the
left hand and over the eye, and undoubt
edly would have been killed but for the
arrival of the officers. Castro broke and
ran when he saw the deputies, but was
captured In Chinatown and taken to jail.
Mrs. Bernal >late this evening swore to a
complaint charging Castro with assault
to commit murder.
Love-Stricken Resident of the Garden
City Makes Murderous As
sault on a Woman.
TRIES TO •K'tt.t WOMAN
WHO SPURNED HIS LOVE
Lionel Moreal next tackled the wire,
and followed Welch into dreamland. After
recovering from the shock, however, he
pluckily tried again, and, protected with
gloves, succeeded in severing the line and
removing the danger.
Members of the police department are
provided with rubber gloves to use in
handling live wires in cases of emergency,
but Officer Welch did not have these safe
guards with him last night.
policeman proceeded to remove it. He
stripped off his coat, which was damp be
cause of exposure to the fog, and wrap
ping it about the wire gripped it firmly.
For a quarter of an hour thereafter
Welch was oblivious to what had hap
pened. He was prostrate and helpless
when Fitch dragged him from dangerous
proximity to the sputtering wire. The pa
trolman's moist coat had acted as a di
rect conductor of the electricity that al
most ended his life.
POLICEMAN DENNIS. WELCH OF ALAMEDA, WHO WAS NEARLY
ELECTROCUTED LAST NIGHT BY' A LOOSE WIRE THAT DROP
PED OVER A TROLLEY.
Among the irrigation structures illus
trated by detailed drawings and data as
to material and cost are headsrates ef
canals, waste and regulating gates, a
rating flume, waste ways, outlet gates,
flumes, lifting . apparatus for hcadgates
and aqueducts, a weir for measuring
water and the dam of the Bear River
Professor Elwood Mead, director of ir
rigation at the University of California,
advises the- farmers and fruit growers of
California and the rest of the country
to build, irrigation ditches of the most
enduring material while they are. at it.
In a series of Investigations 'he has been
engaged in he flnda-that after all the most
economical Irrigation structures are those
that cost the most at first. . \
Professor Mead's findings are embodied
in a report to the United States Depart
ment of Agriculture, of which he is chief
of the bureau of irrigation Investigation.
This was submitted under the title "Plans
of Structures in Use on Irrigation Canals
of the United States," from drawings
exhibited by officials of experiment sta
tions at Paris in 1900 and at Buffalo in
1901. The drawings and the accompany
ing notes as to the cost and durability
and usefulness of various types of irriga
tion works constructed )n different parts
of the arid regions, for the last twenty
years will, be of much practical value to
engineers and others interested in the
construction of irrigation works.
It is Professor Mead's conclusion that
Irrigation structures of perroanfent ma
terial are less costly In the end than those
of a more temporary character. In this
report he presents records of durability
of much value in determining whether or
not the large use of wood as material In
irrigation structures can wisely be con
tinued under existing conditions.
<; There are certain facts," says Profes
sor Mead, "which indicate that the use
of timber in irrigation structures, which
formerly prevailed, -must in time give way
to the use of more durable materials.
Wooden structures were a conspicuous
feature of earlier irrigation works be
cause timber was abundant and cheap.
But for several years timber has been
rising in price, while the cost of masonry
has in many sections been gTeatly re
duced. It is now the belief of many en
gineers that when durability and expense
of repairs are taken into account perma
nent structures are the most economical.
The information here given seem3 to show
that ten years is apparently as long as
wooden structures can be relied upon, al
though some of those illustrated here
have been in use for twice that period.
It Is hoped that these records of uervice
will aid engineers in making plans for
the works to be built in the srA of rapid
development upon which we appear now
to be. entering." ..„'-..
Eerkeley Office San Francisco Call,
.2148 Center street. Oct. 23.
PORTLAND, Or., Oct. 23.— The British
steamship Algoa. the largest vessel that
ever entered the Columbia River, arrived
at Astoria to-day from San Francisco and
is now coming up tire river for Portland.
She Is to load about 12,000 tons of flour
and wheat here for Oriental ports. The
Algoa was drawing seventeen feet when
she crossed, the Columbia River bar.
Loaded sha will draw twenty-eight feet
in fresh water and twenty-seven feet out
side the river.
Steamship Algoa Arrives at Astoria.
President T. H. Williams has an-r
nounced that Colonel William B. Letcher
will act as handlcapper and programmer
of the New California Jockey Club dur
ing the forthcoming meeting. Colonel
Letcher has had long experience in such
matters, having been secretary at Oakley
and also of the Chicago Jockey Club. At
present he is connected with the Latonia
Jockey Club.
Secretary Treat received word yesterday
that J. F. Newman will send his horses
West on the 1st of November. They In
clude Don Donio. the Grey Ghost and
Our Bessie, a shifty mare over a distance
of ground. At the same time Dr. C. F.
Hollenbeck, who has been training ten
horses for C. T. Boots, will send his
charges on. Mr. Boots has thirty-five
horses in training at Tanforan.
Robert A. McGlbbon, the stentorian an
nouncer at the Jockey Club tracks, ar
rived yesterday from New York. He says
Prank Regan will send on his string im
mediately after the Aqueduct meeting,
which ends next Saturday. About the
best he has Is Dick Turpin, by Henry of
Navarre. Dr. Kraft will come West with
eeveral horses he purchased at the Fol
lans-bee f ale.
Joe Teager and Frank Lanterman, who
booked at Chicago on an extensive scale,
expect to be here this winter. Mr. Yeager
has a string of useful performers he will
race here.
A carload of horses owned by R. A.
Smith arrived yesterday and are quarter
ed at Ingleside. • - .
W. D. Randall and Jack Green arrived
from , the north yesterday.
A. B. Spreckels' thoroughbreds are- due
to-day from his Napa establishment.
Colonel William B. Letcher, an East
ern Man of Wide Experience,
Will Act Here.
NAME NEW EfANDICAFPER
FOR JOCKEY CLUB MEETING
The schooner referred to is the Julia
Whalen, chartered by the Commercial
Cable Company to carry the winter's food
and supplies to the cable colony on Mid
way Island. She sailed from Honolulu
October 7. In addition to the crew she
carried Sidney McMichael, one of the
company's employes, as a passenger.
NEW YORK, Oct. 23.— The following
cablegram was received to-day by Gen
eral Manager George Ward of the Com
mercial Cable Company from the super
intendent of the station at Midway Isl
and:
MIDWAY," Oct. 23. — Schooner struck on
north reef about two o'clock this morning;
strong northeast ¦wind blowing. Crew and Mc-
Mlchael got Into boat with what they stood -up
In and landed at O a. m» Vessel broken up.
Cargo and malls lest. ' ' •
SCHOONER BREAKING TJP,
CARGO AND MAILS LOST
Professor Mead Sug
gests Way to Benefit
Irrigation.
Dr. Gladding is guarding the health of
West Berkeley, where his home is, and
he has interested himself in seeing that
the thing* that breed disease are kept
moving in the direction of the bay.
Incidentally, Dr. Gladding is one of the
bondsmen of Sam Fisher, who wrecked a
rummage sale in Berkeley a few days ago.
I am opposed to the rummage ra> only a*
it affects the health of the people. The stuff
ther sell at these sales is really dangerous.
It i« usually cast-off clothing gathered f rO m
•verj-where. A lot of It comes frora houses
where there has been Fickness. It ha« never
been propwlr fumigated and Is likely to start
a. plarue. In house* where scarlet fpver has
been people ought to burn every bit of clothing,
but they don't. They think washing is good
enough. The result is that the disease* germ
is still there, ready to pounce on some unof
fending person and Infect scores.
It's all right for poor people to buy from
these sales. If they can buy things cheap, of
course, that's money In their pockets. But
they stand a chance of getting sick. Then the.
sickness costs them probably a hundred times
what they have saved. If not their lives.
BERKELEY, Oct. 23.-Dr. Charles F.
Gladding Is going to brave the wrath of
the church women who get up rummage
eales for the benefit of their aid societies.
The doctor is opposed to rummage sales
only in bo far that they are dangerous to
the health of the people that patronize
them, not because he has anything
against the women or the benefits they
confer on the pocketbooks of purchasers.
And as a member of the Board of Health,
Dr. Gladding proposes at the next meet
ing to introduce legislation that will sup
prees these church functions. He says he
has good reasons for his attitude against
the tottering rummage sale, and here are
a few of them:
He Says Disease Lurks in Cast-OS
Garments From Homes of
Contagion.
DOCTOR GLADDING STILL
WARS ON RUMMAGE SALES
SAN DIEGO. Oct. 23.— At a meeting of
the board of directors of the Chamber of
Commerce this afternoon resolutions were
passed congratulating A. E. Horton, "the
father of San Diego." on the advent of
the ninetieth anniversary of his birth, his
birthday occurring to-morrow. Horton
was born in Connecticut, but came to San
Diego in 1367 and purchased about 1000
acres of the land on which the city is now
located, at the rate of 26 cents an acre.
It was a portion of the pueblo of San
Diego and he induced the people to hold
an election and vote to sell It at auction.
The auction was held and he was the only
bidder. Of this property he sold more
than a million dollars' worth, and he gave
of his wealth most liberally to every pub
lic institution until he found, at the break
ing of the boom of 1SS7-8, that most of It
had taken wines.
The Chamber of Commerce will tender
him a reception to-morrow afternoon at
the rooms of the Chamber.
Chamber of Commerce Will Tender a
Reception to tha Father of tho*
City.
SAN DIEGO TO HONOR
A PIONEER BESIDUNT
"If there is nothing more to impeach
the good faith of the entryman under the
timber and stone law other than the mere
fact that he has made the entry as an
investment, with the intent to sell the
land at some indefinite time in the future,
and in this manner realize a profit on
the money Invested, such an entry Is not
In violation of law."
EUREKA, Oct. 23.-The ruling of the
United States Land Office, which caused
so much indignation among the citizens
of this county and called forth strenuous
protests from them, has been modified by
the Commissioner of the General Land
Office. Under the., objectionable ruling no
one who could not show that he had per
sonal use for the lumber growing on the
land applied for under the timber and
stone act was entitled to a patent. The
person who bought Government land at
52 50 per acre with the idea of selling It
again at some indefinite time in the future
was excluded from the benefits of the act.
A letter from Commissioner Richards
to Special Agent Wade, now stationed at
the Humboldt land office, contains the
modification, which has brought Joy to
entryman, locator and capitalist alike.
The language of the Commissioner is as
follows: '
OENEBAIi LAND OFFICE
MODIFIES BECENT RULING
The arrest of these students will not
result in a Police Court trial, as their of
fense is only against the university and
not the people of the State of California.
Up to midnight the editor* were safe,
but Just about the time the clock -was
striking 13 they accidentally ran Into th«
arms of the Constable who patrols th«
grounds. The Constable knew his dutj
and forthwith arrested the editors. Th«
editors tried to explain that it was only a
joke, but the Constable is not used t<
Jokes and he could not sea the humor of
It all. Then the editors were taken befora
A. S. Bolton. superintendent of th«
grounds, and to him the victims tried alsi
to explain that It was a joke. But th«
superintendent couldn't see the Jok«
either. After a long parley, however. th«
editors were allowed to go.
Prentlss Gray and Albert Coogan. edi
tors of the Pelican, the college funny pa
per, invaded the campus last night witi
their posters and busied themselves untl
midnight sticking them on tho fences and
sign boards. Now there is a law la th«
University of California against this sort
of desecration and that Is why they car
ried on the work In the dark.
Berkeley Office San Francisco Call
2148 Center Street. Oct. 23.
After working up enough of the facts,
Littrell went to Lawyers Aldrich and
Gentry, and the work of preparing the
papers wae b^gun. It was discovered that
Spofford an<3 Mrs. Littrell. with two com
panions, wtre going down to a club
house on the San Lcandro road for a
dinner, and the papers, which were to
have been tiled yesterday, were held back
until this evening. As soon as they were
deposited at the County Clerk's office a
messenger was sent with copies of the
documents to serve upon them as a sur
prise whl!e they were at dinner.
According to the statement of the hus
band, he suspect M that everything was
net ail right, and. instead of going to
Colorado, went away for a few days and
then returned. He located Mrs. Littrell
In a flat at 415 Turk street, in San Fran
cisco, ar.d discovered that Spofford was
usirg his ram* and was known as Mr.
Littrell. At the Hotel Rafael and other
fashionable reports throughout the State.
wherever Spofford's work happened to
take him, they registered as husband and
wife.
Littrel! is suppesed to be in Colorado,
r:cr:ordlEg to a. statement of Attorney
Hugh AMrlch. and the entire affair has
been prepared to be set off like a mine
under the un?'J5p*«-ting pair. It is charged
in the complaint that Spofford gave Ut
tre!l employment end sent him to Colo
rado end tten toured the States with
Mrs. Uttreli.
The amours of W. E. Spofford. contract
tag agrat of the Southern Pacific Rail-
Tray, and Mrs. MatUe UttreH. as set
forth la two «ult* filed this evening
csalrsst the pair by tha aggrieved hus
band of Mrs. UttreO. read like a chapter
taken from a dime novel. One suit is
against Matt> LJttrell for divorce on ac
count cf her misbehavior, and the other
•s a suit apalnst Spofford for $10,000 dam
e?*s for the alienation of Mrs. UttreU's
afTtctlon from brr lawfully wedded bua
basd.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
1US Broadway. Oct. n.
ALAMEDA. Oct. 23.— Miss Julia Ham
mond, daughter of Former City Trustee
William Hammond, bravely stopped a
runaway on- Park street this evening and
saved a Japanese bicycle rider, F. Ham
ada. from being trampled to death be
neath the hoofs of & frightened horse
after the animal had dragged the little
brown man 150 feet
Miss Hammond was leaving the office
of Hammand & Hammond. 1422 Park
street, in a surrey, intending to drive to
her home on Buena Vista avenue. Ham
ada came scorching along on his wheel
and struck the horse as the vehicle was
turning. He clung to the shaft, while the
alarmed equine reared and plunged ahead
wildly. Miss Hammond retained her pres
encB of mind, and with all her strength
pulled up the scared horse after it had
traversed half the block. Hamada was
rescued from under the surrey and con
veyed to a drug store. H© was found to
be severely bruised, but no bones were
fractured. His wheel was demolished.
Mrs. Sheak'.ey was formerly the wife
of Benjamin Pinkney. a prominent ranch
er of San Joaouin County. Befors her
illness she had been residing at the Young
Women's Christian Association rooms,
1224 Franklin street. She was in charge
of a large garment factory in this city.
The physician said to-day that there
was absolutely no hope for Mrs. Sheak
ley's recovery and that death might oc
cur at any time.
The bride and groom had planned a
much happier celebration of the nuptials.
A year ago they had been engaged and
the wedding day was set. But before the
time arrived Mrs. Pinkncy was stricken
with the illness that has brought her to
her deathbed. The grcom prospective
was called East on business and his
fiancee was removed to the Fabiola Hos
pital, where she submitted to an operation
for cancer. Afterward complications de
veloped which led the attending surgeon
to become gravely alarmed. Dr. Kitch
ings. in charge, had the patient removed
to his residence after she had been ad
vised that recovery was hopeless.
With much difficulty Mr. Sheakley was
located by police efforts in Milwaukee.
He was notified of Mrs. Pinkney's condi
tion and he hastened to Oakland, .uriv
lng early this week. Convinced after his
arrival that his betrothed could not long
survive, the unhappy man expressed the
desire to wed the woman of his choice
before death should separate them. Ar
rangements were speedily made and Dr.
Baker was called. The witnesses were
Dr. Kitchings and his sister.
It was at tha residence of Dr. John T.
Kitchings, corner of Eighth and Clay
streets, that this death-bed marriage was
solemnized. Here the dying bride had a
short time aero been taken that her last
moments on earth might be peaceful and
watched with utmost care.
With the death angel hovering over her
bedside, Mrs. Ellen E. Plnkney became
the wife yesterday afternoon of Arthur
At. Sheakley, a manufacturer of Stock
ton, the pathetic union being solemnized
by the B*v. Ernest E. Baker, pastor of
the First Presbyterian Church of this
city. . "'"
Afflicted with an Incurable disease,
which had almost run its course, the
bride's attendants were the gentle nurses
who with kindly ministrations* soothed
and calmed the woman while the words
were said that made her the wife of the
man whose devotion was so touchtngly
exhibited.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, Oct. 23.
PAYS TO BUILD
GOOD DITCHES
• Soon after he took charge of the pulpit
he assisted' In a movement to have the
church, which was then at Thirty- fourth
and Adeline streets, moved to It's present
site at; Grove and Thirty-sixth streets,
where a new church was erected. His
resignation shortly afterward caused con
siderable surprises as it. was expected
that/after moving into the new neighbor
hjod he would wish to remain and see it
established. on a (Inn footing.
.Just what has caused the estrangement
between the young minister and hjs wife
is not made public. The attorney of rec
ord, in behalf of Mrs. Bayley, is Earl H.
Webb, who has an office In San Francisco.
Rev. Mr. Bayley is a nephew; of Mrs.
Wetherbee of Fruitvale. 'He Is not en
gaged in ministerial work at the present
time.
The Bayleys were married .in this city
on July 1, 18&6. Mrs. Bayley was formerly
Miss . Minnie Henderson, her home being
in Fruitvale. When Rev. Mr. Bayley re
signed from his church some time ago it
was announced that his health was poor
and that he needed a rest. It w.as stated
that he proposed to leave on a trip to
Europe. Prior to assuming the pastorate
of the Fourth 1 . Congregational Church he
had done missionary work for the Salva
tion Army in India.
Suit for divorce was begun to-day liy
Mrs. Minnie Bayley against the Rev. Al
fred Bayley, . formerly pastor of the
Fourth Congregational Church in this
city, on the ground of desertion. At the
home j of the Bayleys at .288. Twenty
fourth street everything is in confusion
and preparations are being made by Mrs.
Bayley to leave the premises. No one
was there that could throw any light as
to the cause of the filing of the suit other
than that stated. **-
Oakland' Office San Francisco Call.
1118 Broadway, Oct. 23.
While Dining Together They
Are Given a Surprise by
Angry Husband.
Miss Julia Hammond Dis
plays Presence of Mind
and Timely Bravery.
Arthur M. Sheakley Takes
Woman of His Choice
as Azrael Calls.
Former Minister of Fourth
Congregational Church
™*,gM the Defendant.
it
Officer Arrests Culprits, but
Superintendent Lets
Them Go.
Saves Japanese Cycler
Prom Being Tram
pled to Death.
Gay Wife and Compan
ion Are Haled Into
the Courts.
Violate a Law Against
Bills on College
Campus.
Pathetic Nuptials at
the Bedside of Dy
ing Bride,
Mrs. Alfred Bayley Says
She Has Been De
serted.
RECEIVE SUMMONS
WITH DESSERT
BECOMES A WIFE
AND DEATH NEAR
FEARLESS GIRL
STOPS RUNAWAY
STUDENT EDITORS
MEET CONSTABLE
PASTOR'S WIFE
ASKS DIVORCE
THE SAN FBAMCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, OCTOBER 24, 1903.
Policeman Dennis Welch and Lionel Moreal
Are Struck Unconscious While Remov
ing Conduit That Had Fallen to Ground
WITHIN A FLASH OF TWO LIVES
DEATH'S BOLT SPEEDS OVER WIRE
4
ADVERTISEMENTS*
Pears'
Do you know the most
luxurious bath in the world?
Have you used Pears 1
Soap?
Sold all over the world. '
DR. PIERCE'S REMEDIES.
DISCOURAGED
The expression occurs so many times in
letters from sick women to Dr. Pierce; n l
was completely discouraged. 1 ' And there
is always good reason for the discourage-
ment. Years ot suffering. Doctor after
doctor tried in vain. Medicines doing
bMO&xwmiiMlLaAi no lasting good.
jrt" ¦-; f§p5Kjgfi|3 .•; J| It ia no wonder
h WJfUf <^?^Vr i t^ lat t t ie wotnan
i^sIi^S^a ? fiiiil feel3 discourag-d.
r«3$a^5^^MiJ*vi T b° u sand3 of
iviiik* "^Z^m-u t ! lesc weaJc an( *
W&X nail --'-If s * ck * romsn ka^e
-iv>iS^a f° un( * tsalth and
s^WStf 1^§B23 c 01113^ regained
//la^-^v /HP! as the result of
//ill\ V &m the nsc of Doctor
/ ItaW V>lwi Pierce'3 Favorite
'/ 'Bm A 1 1111 Prescription. It
jm&SsS&i Vv! * ar * tv> dries un-
V^^JiF'- ISa &\ k ca^hy drains,
Jr ea k inflatnnia-
/^Tv^h^j**^ tion and ulcerea-
>v^\g^ tion, and cures
feoale weakness.
Ifc makes weak
yB&3 women strong and
ym sick women trelL.
\. wi " In **"*. y® 1 ' lS 9?
VS, fa I wu taken sick,"
B writes Mrs. Edna
>^ W Crowder. of Ripley,
V> B LaoderdaleCo-.Tesn.
X 1 "* M y limb* ached.
* I had severe paias ia
I back and lower part
I cf bowels, with dif-
L_^_ I ficulty in nrisadoa,
•¦ a nd smarting and
burning pain after. I tried many kinds of.
medicine and four of the best doctors in the
country, until 1 gave np all hope of recovery.
In January, 1901. 1 wrots to Dr. R. V. Pierce, of
Buffalo, N. Y.. and received from him a letter,
telling me to try b'* medicines. I took eleven
bottles, six of ''Favorite Prescription' five : or
'Golden Medical Discovery.' one rial of *PeI-
leta.* and used one box of 'Lotion Tablets and
one. of • Healing Suppositories,' ana»a» now
able to work at anything I want to. Th*5f»J *>
you for your valuable medicine and kind advice."
Weak and sick women are invited to
consult Dr. R. V. Pierce, by letter, free.
All correspondence b held as stricter
private and sacredly confidential. Ad-
dress Dr. R. V. Pierce, Buffalo, N. Y.
FREE DENTAL CUnTc FOR THE POOR.
Cmen Sundays and Evenings. Teeth tx«
tractad free. Graduate* of dentistry. Small
¦ charge for material only.
POST-GRADUATE DESTTAIi COLLEGE
San rr*ncl«co — 3 Taylor Street.
Oakland — 973 WaaMagtoa strwt.
Sas Josa— 45 East Bast* Clara Strut.
For Stomach Disorders
Gout, and Dvsoepsla
DRINK
vsejY
Best NATURAL Alkaline Water.
. A. VIuNUEB CO., Saa Pranciic*REPUBLICAN QANDIDATES
FOR MAYOR. RECORDER
AND SUPERVISOR.
; The secret service agents have been no
tified that a dangerous two-bit counterfeit
is' in i circulation : at > Redding. Red Bluff,
Weaverville and ; the. northern part of the
Stale, v The presence of an ex-convlct in a
camp ; near' Weaverville ' may f lead ; to de
tection- of the 'criminal. • .
A New Counterfeit.
Last Day of Salon.
The third San. Francisco photographic
salon, which has been the attraction at the
Hopkins Art Institute for the last two
weeks, closes to-night with a grand prom
enade concert under the direction of Hen
ry Heyman.\The ; exhibition is a rare dem
onstration of, photographic art, a compe
tent and painstaking jury, having selected
the pictures from nearly a thousand of
fered.
erick, Samuel ••Braunhart, , Dr. A. A.
d'Ancona, Judge Mogan # Edmund • God
chaux, W. W.. Sanderson; Oscar Hocks,
John T.-Vlnal, John Barnett and T. Carey
Frledlander.
: Candidate; Lane! held,, his 'second, meet
ing at Silks Hall, on preclta avenue; near
Twenty-ninth street, where he received a
fine reception from the voters >of the
Thirty-third Assembly -pistrict. . ,
: He began j his .remarks . by . stating that
the good Democrats who had left -that
party \ and * had I gone over to tBe \ Union
Labor party ; had during , the past two
yearsseen that' they had been'fooled and
were now cornlnk •back", to':the fold ¦ which
they. had left, .^ These very men. had join
ed this Labor Union party two years ago
In perfect good faith, but now their. eyes
were opened and' they -were all returning
I to the . party -that stood for | honest rights
and honest justice to one and all; ;
' -Among • the others who spoke at ; this
meeting. were Judge Cabaniss, John Con
nor, A.. W. : Wehe, Dr. , Dodge, P.. J.;Cur
.tis, . Dr. . Leland, Robert - J. . LoiigheryJ
James P., Booth; M,' J. Hynes, Carl-West-'
erfeld,;A. ; Comte Jr., Dr. Fred "A." Grazer
and'H.VU.' 5 Brandenstein. • ." ; v
Thing of the Past.
Tells Audiences That Labor Party Is
Franklin K. Lano spoke at two meet
ings last night! He addressed the voters
of the Thirty-eighth r Assembly District
at Mascott Hall, on Golden Gate avenue,
near Buchanan street. He started off! his
speech by stating in the most emphatic
terms that he. had never received any
part of the $25,000 that the city had ap
propriated to fight Its interests in the
question of the Spring Valleyr Water
Works. He referred to the present labor
party as a thing of the past. Originally
the party thought It had a strong Issue,
and Schmitz won on that Issue, but now
that Abe Ruef had appeared /In the back
ground as business manager and prac
tically interlocutor the party had gone
Into decadence and those who had desert
ed from the good old Democratic- ranks
to Join those who were for the time being
filibusters were . now coming .back . Into
the field, and at.the coming election would
vote the ticket that represented the hon
est, true Jeffersonian principles.
¦ "Billy" Hynes .was aown on;; the .pro
gramme for a- number, but : he got . mixed
in his dates and arrived just as the meet
ing was over. ...... .
Others who spoke .were William Brod-
LANE AT TWO MEETINGS.
Visit of Theosophists.
A large number of Theosophlsts from
branches' of the society of . the Pacific
Coast' is due to arrive in the city to-day.
The .business meetings are to be held at
the rooms of the local branch in the Odd.
Fellows' .building, .and the convention will
last" three days. To-morrow evening C.
W. Leadbeater of London, ' author of a
new book entitled "Man, Visible and In
visible," will lecture in Golden Gate Hall
in : connection with . the ! Theosophlcal So
ciety.
Louis N. Jacobs Club.
An enthusiastic meeting of the friends
of Louis N. Jacobs, the Republican nomi
nee for the offlce of City and County Re
corder, was held last evening in Pythian
Castle, 913 Market street. More than 100
representative citizens of all political par
ties were present and the greatest enthu
siasm prevailed. Lawrence Vincent was
elected chairman, James Curtin vice pres
ident and' Joseph Mann secretary. The
meeting, was addressed by Senator Wolfe,
I. Goldman, J. Crowley, I. Golden, Treas
urer J. E. McDougald, Gus Hartmann. E.
Pegulllan, James Tierney, Frank Grimes,
George Sharp and many others.
During the progress of the meeting 'the
nominee for Recorder, Louis N. Jacobs,
entered the hall and was received with
prolonged : cheers.- He addressed the
meeting, and assured his friends that his
fight was a winning one. j A committee of
five was appointed to interview the press
on behalf of Mr. Jacobs.
CLAIM FORMES TRUSTEES
MISAPPROPRIATED PTJNDS
WILL HOLD MEMORIAL
SERVICE FOR DEPARTED
The allegations in both complaints are
similar. They differ only as to the amounts
for which Judgment is asked. They al
lege that the defendants have appropri
ated to their own use the fund known as
the Jessup fund, bequeathed to the trus
tees of the home for the benefit of the
institution. >• , . .
Two suits were filed in the Superior
Court yesterday that are the result of the
recent scandal in connection with the
California Home for the Car© and Train
ing of Feeble Minded Children. They ar»
brought by the trustees of the home. The
defendants In one suit are C. W. Gould.
H. E. Leland. "W. F. Dugan and TV. M.
Lawlor, the predecessors of the present
trustees, and the Puget Sound Lumber
Company. They are sued for $&8 93. The.
other suit is against the same defendant
former trustees and James A. Snook &
Co. Judgment is asked against them for
$2714 95.
Two Suits Ara Brought to Becover
Honey Left for Feeble Minded
Children.
Unveiling- Service, 2:30 p. m. — Hymn, "Lead,
Kindly Light." choir; prayer. Rev. William
Rader; Introductory remarks. Rev. Charles Mc-
Kelvey; dedicatory address. Charles F. Hanlon;
••Gloria," choir.
Memorial service, 3 p. m. — Hymn 217. "How
Firm a Foundation," choir and congregation;
prayer, Rev. John Stephens; anthem. "No
Shadows There" (from Gaul's "Holy City"),
tenor solo and chorus, A. Wtricle and choir;
scripture lesaon. Isaiah 49:7-21. Rev. Georare C.
Adams, 'D-D.: solo. "The lord Is My Shep
herd," William T. Young: address. Rev. E. R.
Dille. D.D.; hymn 74, "God Be With Ton."
choir and congregation; benediction. Rev. S.
H Wllley, D.D. ; music by | Grace Methodist
Episcopal Church choir under the direction of
Robert Husband; organist. T. K. Wlttlch.
The unveiling of a tablet to the mem
ory of the late Mrs. Metha Nelson and a
memorial service for Mr. and Mrs.
Charles Crockef and Mrs. Metha Nelson
will tak^ place at the Old People's Home,
corner of Pine and Pierce streets, to
morrow afternoon. The following pro
gramme has been arranged:
To Unveil Tablet to the Memory of
Mrs.Metha Nelson at Old
People's Home.
The Young People's Society of Chris
tian Kndeavor of Trinity Presbyterian
Church gave an entertainment in Hin
man's Hall at Twenty-first and Howard
streets last evening. The affair consisted
of a little comedy performed in excellent
style and a fan drill of the children. The
hall was well filled with appreciative
spectators.
Endeavorers Give Entertainment.
Another Victim Recovered.
The charred, bones of another of the
victims of the Progreso disaster was re
covered yesterday. They were found In
the . engine-room of the ill-fated steamer
by workmen who were engaged in clear
ing away the ruins. There is no way by
which the remains may be identified.
League of the Cross Entertainment.
The members of Company B. League
of the Cross Cadets, will give "an enter
tainment and dance this evening In Mis
sion Opera Hall. The proceeds are to
go toward the payment of the company's
football team, known as 'The Cardinal
B's."
St. Francis Entertainment.
An entertainment was given last night
In Native Sons* Hall for the benefit of
St. Francis' parochial residence fund.
The entertainment consisted of a drama
in two acts entitled "Among the Break
ers" and several specialties and conclud
ed with a dance, in which most of those
attending participated.
: Messenger. John Emmet Wal«h; Death.
Frederick Churchill; Everyman, John Mul
renln- Fellowship. Joseph Farry: Cousin, Luke
Flynii: Kindred. Leo Jones; Good*. George
Vevoda: Knowledge. Joseph Farpr; Good
Deeds, Richard D. Blake: Discretion. John
Emmet • Walsh; Confession. Frederick Chur
chill- Strength. Charles Sooy; Five Wits.
George Svetnlcb. Aneellc choir— P. O"Keefe,
P McCann..P. CMalley. J. Flood. A. Asgelo.
W O'Connor. P. Egan, T. Dunne. F. Murphy.
A Coghlan. Stage manager. Ernest A. Braln
ard. ,H>\ _ J • ¦;••;
The Gentlemen's Sodality will present
the moral play, "Everyman" at St. Ig
natius College Hall next Wednesday and
Thursday evenings. Every energy has
been. put forward to make the production
a worthy one. The . following Is the cast
of . characters:
To Present "Everyman."
| NEW -YORK — Arrived Oct 23 — Stmr Luca
nla. from Liverpool and Queenstown.
QUKENSTOWN— Arrived Oct 24, 1:20 a m—
Stmr Celtic. - from New York, for Liverpool,
asd proceeded. '
WKSTPORT— Sailed Oct 23— Stmr Newsboy,
for San Francisco: stmr Fulton, from Hardy
Creek, for Ban Pedro.
MEXDOCINO — Arrlv«4 Oct 23 — Stmr Phoe
nix, hence Oct 22. «
Sailed Oct 23 — Stmr Pasadena, for San Pedro.
CASPAR— Sailed Oct 23— Stmr Samoa, for
San Pedro. - *-
• V , ; OCEAN STEAMERS.
Late Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED.
Friday, October 23.
Stmr Acme, Lundqulst, 5 hours from Pigeon
Point. DOMESTIC . PORTS.
Maxwell McNutt Club.
The Maxwell McNutt Republican Im
provement Club of the Twenty-elghTh
Assembly District was organized last
night at Coakley's Hall, on East street.
William Harrington called the meeting to
order. Maxwell McNutt, Republican nom
inee, addressed the large audience and
promised to look after the Interests of
the Twenty-eighth, as that district had
no representative In the Board of Super
visors. Thomas Westoby. William Har
rington, J. Hammill, L. Richardson. W.
Lassen, F. Johnson, W. Conley, J. Ring,
R, Conley and others addressed the
meeting. It was decided to name the or
ganization the McNutt Republican Im
provement Club of the Twenty-eighth
Assembly District. The following officers
were elected: President, F. Johnson; vice
president, William Harrington; secretary,
J. Moffltt; sergeant at arms. C. ¦Coakley.
The roll was signed by seventy voters.
THIS evening 1 a Republican
rally will be held by the
Republicans of the Thirty-
third District at Murphy's
Hall, Ocean View. The
meetinsr will be addressed by J. C.
Brusie, A. P. Van Duzer and all the
candidates.
On Monday evening a big: rally,
under the auspices of the Union
league Clnb will be held at the Al
hambra Theater, corner Eddy and
Jones . streets. General George
Stone has been elected to preside.
Among- the speakers will be Gov
ernor George C. Paraee, Lieutenant
Governor Alden Anderson, Secre
tary of State Charles 7. Curry,
Duncan IS. McXlnlay, Julian Sonn
tajr of the Sirisros, S. C. Van
Fleet, Henry J. Crocker, George H.
Bahrs. and Maxwell Mclfutt.
The Union Xieagne Club Quartet
will render a number of vocal se
lections.
The airiffo Club will assemble at
the club rooms at the Palace Hotel
and march in a body to the meet
ing- hall.
The; same evening the Republi
cans of the Thirty-fourth District
will hold a meeting 1 at Duvcneck's
Hall, Twenty-fourth and Church
streets. . . .
An Informal meeting: will be held
by the Twenty-eljrlith District Club
at headquarters, 247 Second . street,
on Monday evening.
On Wednesday evening* the Ger
man-American Republicans . will
hold a mass meotlnar, to be presid
ed over by Colonel Robert Wioneko.
AmonfiT ' the speakers will ' be
Messrs. O. P. von Eheln and J. F.
Placremann. Other announcement
of this meeting will be . made on
Monday.
. On Friday evening- the . Bear
Club, of which. O. A. Tollo Is presi
dent and George D. O'lTeil is secre
tary, and which has participated in
so many campaigns in the past,
will have a rally at Pioneer Hall,
Fourth street, " below Market.
MANY RALLIES
ARE BOOKED
FOR CROCKER
City Front Federation Wants South
' em Pacific Company to Keep
Thoroughfare Clear.'
The City Front Federation yesterday re
quested the Board of Supervisors to com*
pel the Southern Pacific Company to open
Sixteenth street from Kentucky to Illinois
so as to give free access to the drydock.
The communication on tho subject says:
There are fourteen tracks laid on Six
teenth street, between Kentucky and Illi
nois, which are continually blocked with
cars, so that it is impossible for any per
son to go to the drydock unless he climbs
under or over the cars. This cannot be
done without danger to life and limb.
There are 300 men employed at the dry
dock and as some of the mechanics are
advanced in years It works a great hard
ship on them.
Abraham Benguiat, Descendant of a
Noted Jewish Family, Dies in
the Holy Land. :
A cable message 'received In this city
from Jerusalem, Palestine, announces the
death there of Abraham Benguiat, the
venerable father of H. Ephralm Benguiat
of this city. The deceased had lived in
Jerusalem for two years, and at the time
of his death he was 81 years of age.
Mr. Benguiat was the descendant of a
Spanish Jewish family which traces its
origin back to the eleventh century and
proudly boasts of a number of members
who have, distinguished themselves In
Biblical learning and also for their love
for religious art and for collections of val
uable works of art which in olden times
were used in the Jewish ceremonies.
Besides the son In this city Abraham
Benguiat is survived by four other sons.
David, Vitall, Leopold and Benjamin, liv
ing in New York. London and Paris.
Schmitz Speaks in Two Assembly
Districts. -
ENTHUSIASTIC MEETING.
Mayor Schmitz spoke before one of the
largest meetings of the 'campaign last
night at Eintracht Hall • at 237 Twelfth
street. The ln-mer.Fe hall was crowded
and the Mayor was cheered repeatedly.
There was a large crowd of other speak
ers and a good deal of a musical pro
gramme thrown in. Charles. A. Siskron
was chairman.
. The Mayor waxed warm on the issues
of the campaign. In part he said:
This meeting to-night gives me much pleas
ure. It is my first visit to this district, and
the attendance is gratifying. It speaks well
Xyr the success of the party.
We may not have orators In our party, but
we have men with true hearts, men who will
do the city some good when elected.
This Is not a mud-sllnglng campaign on our
part. I do not believe in that policy, and I
shall always refrain from It.
, We have no newspapers to paint our pictures
on their front pages or run our names In large
type. But I care not for that, what I want
and what I have always striven for is to have
my name written deep in the hearts of the
people, the plain people.
Twd years ago when I appeared before the
people of San Francisco I had not support
and was unknown. My slogan has always
been fair dealing with the whole peoDle ajid
not any particular class: I have adhered to
this principle and tried to demonstrate that
I was not Mayor for any one class, but Mayor
for all the people.
Two years ago they said that If I was. elected
it would drive capital away from this city,
but during the last two years capital has been
seeking investment here and the city has grown
prosperous.
If after a fair Investigation It is not evident
that I have done my duty as Mayor of this
city and treated all alike I do not ask for
your votes. Would I say this If I were afraid
of an investigation?
I could have done more had I had a Board
of Supervisors to work with me. I did not
even have the good faith of the commissions.
Any proposition that I brought up for the
benefit of the city, they voted down, fearing
that it would redound to my credit. When I
saw a way to save the city $140,000 by cutting
down the budget they voted me down. I have
been doing good work, and with the support
of a full Union Labor ticket I can make this
one of the grandest cities In the United States.
I have bettered the schools. When I came Into
office they were in a bad condition. Children
did nnt have room and the buildings were in
a tumble-down state. I added forty new school
rooms and had the buildings renovated and re
paired.
Now It Is not a good business proposition
to change this administration. I have «very
reason to believe that you are content, and if
I am re-elected the conditions will be better. •
Stand by me and the ticket if you do not
want to be downed as you were before the
party was formed.
A large crowd turned out at Devisadero
Hall last night to hear Schmitz and ether
candidates on the ticket Dan Moriarlty
presided. Among those who spoke were
Powel Fredrick, Dr. Dillon and a full
list of the Union Labor candidates for
the office of Supervisors. ;• ',
Preparations for Mass-Meeting at
Alhambra Theater.
There will be a great rally of Republi
cans at the Alhambra Theater next Mon
day evening. Governor George C. Pardee,
who so gallantly carried the standard of
the party in the memorable campaign of
1902, will speak to the people of San
Francisco. General George Stone, who
was the chairman of the Republican State
Committee in the celebrated campaign in
California which culminated In 40,000 ma
jority for William McKinley, will preside
at the meeting.
The Republicans of San Francisco are
united and confident of victory. Republi
cans of the interior and the people gener
ally throughout the State are gratified
over the prospects of Henry J. Crocker's
election.
The rally at the Alhambra will be un
der the auspices of the Union League
Club, Colonel George H. Pippy, president.
son (chairman), John Nlckols. J. C. Swan
son and Robert H. Chambers; campaign com
mltteo — Thomas C. Connolly (chairman), James
W. Woods. George Haley and William Casey;
reception committee— J. J. Atkinson (chair
man), James Commins. H. A. Masrendle. W. H.
Clarenc, Fred Manchester, Mark L. McCord
and John Brown.
UNION LEAGUE RALLY.
LANE IS SNUBBED.
SAYS SIXTEENTH STREET
IS OBSTRUCTED BY CARS
Candidates on the Democratic ticket are
in deep distress. There Is no organized
effort or method In the management of
the campaign. The disgust Is so general
in the ranks of the party that a general
breakaway and a scramble with each man
for himself may begin next Monday. Can
didate Lane is discouraged. He ad
dressed two small and unenthuslastlc
meetings last night. Worse than all for
Lane the Iroquois Club Is "kicking the
stuffln' " out of the Democratic ticket
because L. F. Bylngton went back on the
party by accepting a Union Labor nomi
nation. The Iroquois braves are brave
enough to fight for party principles. At a
meeting of the warriors at Pythian Cas
tle last night a motion to invite Candi
date Lane to address the club next Friday
evening was badly defeated. The opposi
tion was on the ground that L. F. Bying
ton and other candidates on the ticket
: had violated their platform pledges im
mediately upon the adjournment of the
convention and therefore could not be ex
pected to respect the platform pledges
after election. It is the judgment of the
Iroquois tribe that the contest for Mayor
of San Francisco is between Crocker and
Schmitz. The big Schmitz meeting at
Eintracht Hall last night, where Lane a
few nights since failed to rally men
enough to occupy one-third of the hall
space, was an object lesson to the braves.
It becomes more and more apparent every
day that Democratic voters must choose
between Crocker and Schmitz,
HENRY J. CROCKER'S position as
the leader in the race for Mayor is
so clearly defined that the_ odds In
the betting are largely in his favor:
It was foreshadowed several days
ago that the McNab press Intended
to make a great flourish toward the close
of the campaign, hence no one is sur
prised at the talk of a "whirlwind" finish
and an "avalanche" for Lane. Everybody
on the political line sees Lane's finish.
The *> Republican business men some
years ago left their party in a local cam
paign and gave their support to James D.
Phelan. because they believed that a na
tive son, brought up in the city and hav
ing the interests of the community at
heart, should have an opportunity to make
a record in the Mayor's office. Phelan
was not a professional office holder nor a
persistent job chaser and Republicans
who are noted for their intelligence and
independence gave Mr.' Phelan their sup
port and elected - him. The Republican
candidate for Mayor in this campaign is
a native son, a young man, an excellent
business man and a citizen whose integ
rity, manly strength and executive abili
ties are recognized In every district of the
town. Henry J. Crocker is not a Job
chaser nor & professional politician.
The Republican elector may exercise
the voter's privilege of supporting whom
soever he chooses, but he will npt aban
don a good candidate of his own political
faith to support an inferior nominee of
the opposition.
REPUBLICANS TJUTTE.
The Republican party of San Francisco
is united In its support ,of Henry J.
Crocker and the most enthusiastic advo
cates of his election are the Republican
business men. The Democratic business
men are next In line for Mr. Crocker.
Stories to the effect that Union Labor
men are leaving the camp of Mayor
Schmitz and enlisting under the banner
of Lane and McNao should be accepted
as the gossip of the ignorant and un
trained. Labor union men In the densely
populated strongholds of the party do not
fancy A. Ruef, bur they will vote for
Schmitz with Ruef on his neck rather
than for McNab's man Lane. The choice
is made on the principle that "the devil
you do know Is better than the devil you
don't know."
No doubt quite a number of independent
workingmen who trained with the Labor
party two years ago will get Into line for
Henry J. Crocker, because he Is not the
candidate of a boss. Moreover, Mr. Crock
er goes into the camps of the working
men and shows to his fellow citizens of
the Union Labor party just what kind of
a man he I*. He is a successful business
man and it Is quite well understood
wherever he goes that a successful busi
ness man Is a worklngman In the broadest
sense of the term. * Mr. Crocker Is a first
class campaigner. He is good-natured,
RECEIVES NEWS OF HIS
AGED FATHER'S DEATH
warm-hearted and clear-headed. He Is
self-reliant.
WOBKHTOHKEN PERCEIVE.
Working people are qu.ick to perceive
the difference between self-reliance ani
conceit. Crocker, by his energy and su
perb capacity for hard work, has over
come many obstacles in the path of prog
ress, just as men In the general fields of
toll overcome impediments and achieve
beneficial results. '
The workers In the shops, factories and
yards listen to the Republican nominee.
They grasp his hand and tell him they
like his style. The campaign committee
Is In possession of Information that con
vinces every member that a great change
of sentiment In favor of the Republican
nominee has taken place recently In the
strongholds of the Labor party.
It Is common knowledge In political cir
cles that Schmitz and Ruef are planning
for a big demonstration on the line of
class prejudice to solidify the so-called
labor vote. The "whoop-up" will take
place next Saturday evening or the night
before election. There seems to be an
unlimited supply of money In the Schmitz
fight. It is common gossip at the City
Hall that the Mayor does not give one
hour's time a day to the duties of his
office. He is campaigning early and late.
The hope of re-election and the prospects
of another trip East in the Interest of the
Democratic party stimulate him to great
activity. Ruef has already promised the
Mayor a leave of absence and the hint
is thrown out that Parry and the colt
may accompany the Mayor on the next
junket to New York.
Supervisors, who has made a fine record
while in office and who is striving for re
election as a candidate on the Republican
ticket, was next Introduced and delivered
a good speech. In part Mr. Eggers said:
Ladles and Gentlemen asd Fellow Republi
cans: I know you ar« all Republicans and I
know you all came here to-night to see and
liEten to cur standard bearer, Henry J-
Crocker. (Applause.)
After the Republican convention placed Hen
ry J. Crocker at the head of our ticket, there
were a great many people who thought and felt
that be was too much of an aristocrat — a man
who couldn't mix and get close to the work
ing people. Ladiea and gentlemen, I am a
union man. I am a member of the Sheet
Metal 'Workers' Union 279. I am on the Re
publican ticket because It Is the party to
which I belong. I am perfectly satisfied to
be on the same ticket with Henry J. Crocker.
I know unionism Is safe with Henry J. Crock
er. AH the union men like Is fair treatment
and that I kaow we will receive at . the
hands of our standard bearer. (Applause.)
As for myself — two years ago I appeared
on the platform and said If I was elected Su
pervisor I would do everything In my power
to Improve the city. I have done my share
and if re-e>ctt:d I will continue the good work.
I thank you. (Applause.)
George DIetterle, George R. Wells and
Dr. Stephen, candidates for Supervisor,
were also introduced and received a good
j reception. Their speeches were short and
; to the point. All promised if elected to
j do all in their power to give the citizens
a good administration.
Louis N. Jacobs, candidate for Record
er, was Introduced and also spoke in be-
I half of himself and the balance of the
j ticket.
Judge Bahrs came in late and enlighten
ed bis auditors on his chances for elec-
I tion to the offlce of Assessor. The Judge
; still suffered from a cold, but when he
I warmed up his voice rang out through
i the hall. He aroused a great deal of. en
j thusiasm by the manly way he talked to
I the voters. He said some people thought
| he had been handed a gold brick when
i he was nominated a few weeks ago, but
| he would prove on election day that he
was handed one of the highest gifts in
the hands of the people of this tity. He
said Dr. Dodge imagined he had a claim
to the office of Assessor and could stay
j there all his life, but he thought the vot
ers of San Francisco would show the "in
vincible" candidate that he could not hold
the office for a lifetime. The Judge said
some pertinent things about the present
Assessor, all of which was eagerly lis
tened to by the assemblage.
FITTED AS A LEADER.
Fred Bent, who is a candidate for re
election as Supervisor, was given a hearty
greeting by his neighbors. In his speech
he said:
The Republican party has at last found a
man fitted to head the ticket. If I had be«n
appointed a committee of one to look for a
man to head our ticket and if I had walked
from the ferry to this distant district. I would
not have found a man better fitted for the
high honor than Henry J. Crocker. (Ap
plause.) •
Two years ago I remember saying on sev
eral platforms that If I was eUcted Super
visor of this city I would vote for the best
interests of the people who elected me to that
high office., I appear before you for re-elec
tion and if you eee fit to elect me to the of
fice 1 will promise to do my beet for the good
of the city. I have traveled this district from
end to end and I am acquainted with Its needs
and if elected I will do all I can for the Im
provement of the city. I am a strong believer
in unionism and if elected I will prove as I
have before that I am a stanch friend of the
union man. (Applause.)
Chairman Franech next introduced Hen
ry J. Crocker to the gathering, and the
shouts of his supporters rang through the
hall. When the plaudits had subsided he
spoke in part as follows:
I have heard more speaking to-night than it
generally falls to my lot to hear, because we
candidates are rufhlne from one part of the
city to another and we don't have a chance to
hear the various speakers, but It seems to me
that some of the gentlemen who have spoken
to-night have forgotten their own candidacy
in speaking for my own, and I want to thank
them from the bottom of my heart for the kind
words they have uttered, and I hope that all
the candidates on our ticket are elected I
wish to refer particularly to Judge Percy V
Long and Judge Edwin M. Sweeney, who are
unable to be here by reason of sickness.
\vhlle I am not known to many of you I
have been connected with xhls district for the
l5*K 8l3 L. y< i lu T l have bM>n a member of the
Holly Park Improvement Club all that time
I have paid some little attention to your needs
in this district. My friend Mr. Huling and I
have worked together for the good of this sec
tion many times. We have gone to the United
Railroads seeking Justice for this district. I
do not mention this because I am a candidate
for offlce. I have been a member of the Im
provement club muny years before I ever
dreamed of being before you as an aspirant for
the high office of chief executive of this city.
}L el^f t f d . J .l hal ! 3oln my friends In helping
this district the best I can.
CANDIDATE OP PEOPLE.
People know that I am not much of a talker,
but they know my heart is in this contest.- i
am greatly gratified In receiving the nomina
tion from my party. -People hav» accepted me
because I am not a candidate of one set of
men. I am a candidate of the people. My
friends In the Thirty-eighth and other districts
said they wanted me to head the ticket. They
Eaid. -Mr. Crocker is our candidate and we
don't want any other." That is how I got
my nomination, I am not the candidate of a
boss or any one- set of men. I put myself
before you as the candidate of the people of
San Francisco.
I have had the pleaeure within the last throe
days of being visited by several union men
They came to my office and stated they, did
"i? 1 k !? ow what kInd of a man ! w ««- "We
thought, said they, "you were an aristocrat;
that you were a fellow who would buy his way
Into offlce. caring nothing for the Deople but
only for the glory of It. We have watched
you and we have read and heard what you
have had to eay about the great Issues. We
have met you at our works and you have never
been feazed once. We have waited for the
opposition -to spring scmo campaign lies, to
attack your integrity and good faith, and they
have failed to do so. Therefore. Mr. Crocker,
we propose to Indorse you as our candidate for
Mayor. Thte Is the greatest • compliment I
have ever received In my life. Another great
compliment to me is the knowledge that I
have a united Republican party behind me in
this contest. They say I am a candidate of
one faction cf the Republican party. This Is
untrue, as before I was nominated and after
the nomination was tendered me the members
of the party eaid If they could get a good man
to accept, the- nomination they would all get
behind the ticket, and they have done so
People of San Francisco consider that the
issues before them In this campaign are of
the gravest importance. We read In the pa
pers and learn what great appropriations are
made by the authorities at Washington for
the Improvement of our rivers and harbors and
we learn how hard our Congressmen are labor-
Ing to secure these appropriations. We know
how slow these appropriations are In coming
and the Deople of San Francisco have taken
the matter In hand and are now ready to im
prove the city. They want better sewers, bet
ter school houses. Darks and -other improve
ments, and it Is the expenditure of these vast
rums of money that make . the people of SSan
Francisco pause and think, and th»y will
think deeply before they go to the. polls on
election day and deposit their votes in the
ballot-box.
NO STBINGS ON" HIM.
I can assure you without fear of contradic
tion that I cau cro Into that office without
having a single string on me. I can give you
an administration that is clean. If you elect
the entire Renubllcan ticket the administra
tion will be a harmonious one,' as the men you
will elect will support me and I ¦ will support
them. 1 wiil support a government for the
people, a government, that you people are most
Interested In. and in appointing commission
ers I shall apnoint them because of their fit
ness lor the position to be filled. I shall do
all 'I can to {-'lease the people who elect me to
office.- I thank you for your attention.
The officers of the Young Men's Repub
lican Club of the district are as follows: .
President, Thomas" R. Huling; vice president;
Thomas C Connolly: second vice president. -J.
J. Atkinson: third vice president, Joseph Jo
hanitcn; financial and recording secretary, Ber
nard F. Chambers; treasurer, George Richard
eon; committee of arrangements— Joseph John-
OESIDEXTS of Bernal Height* and
j Holly Park crowded Wackeareuder's
i Hall, corner Wool ! and Eugenia
T I streets, last night and listened to
; able addresses delivered by Henry
II J ' Crocker, the standard bearer of
the Republican party, and other speakers.
The meeting was held in the Thirty-third
Assembly District under the auspices of
the Young Men's Republican Club. The
hall was ir.adeaua.te to accommodate the
people who tried to hear the various
speakers. Enthusiasm was shown when
Henry J. Crocker arrived, and through
out his address he was heartily applauded.
State Senator Frank French presided
over the meeting. Nearly all the candi
dates on the ticket appeared before the
voters of the district and were warmly
received. Thomas Huling, president of
the club, and Frank Chambers, the sec
retary, completed the arrangements for
the meeting, which was considered the
best held in the district this campaign.
Joseph de Forrest delivered a Ehort ad
dress. He appealed to the voters to stand
by the party, as the candidates were
pledged to do all in their power to im
prove the city. He said the district need
ed many improvements and he thought
they could be secured from the Repub
lican party. He paid a high tribute to
the standard bearer, who he said was
a citizen cf high standing in this com
munity.
A. Van der Kaillen Jr. was the principal
speaker of the evening. His remark's were
addressed to the workingmen present. He
envised them not to meddle in politics and
quoted the words of prominent friends of
labor, who advised the same course. He
told of his own struggles in life; of his
friendship for the workingman and hi"
experience with them in the course of his
employment as civil engineer. He said
they had a perfect right to organize, but
he did not think it advisable for them t!>
get away from the two great political
parties. He also told of his experience as
a member of the Board of Public Works.
He said he attempted to bring about re
forms, but was cut short in his good
work. He condemned Mayor Schmitz and
paid he was a false leader. Van der Nail
len spoke with great earnestness and
many of his sentiments were applauded.
He eaid he would not tell the workingmen
to vote for Henry J. Crocker, but left it
to their better judgment. He said Mr.
Crocker was a friend of labor and had
been all his life. He denied that he was
an aristocrat and proved it by incidents
In the standard bearer's life. Mr. Van
der Nalllen also had some sharp things
to sav about Mr. Lane.
CHEERS FOB NYLAND.
Joseph S. Xyland. candidate for Super
visor, proved himself a popular man with
the residents of the district. The mention
of his name brought forth a cheer. Ny
land did a magnanimous thing by speak
ing in behalf of Edwin M. Sweeney, can
didate for Police Judge, who is confined
to Of* home by illness. General Salo
mon, candidate for District Attorney.
made an excellent epeecb. to the voters
of the district. He started out to eulo
gize the Republican nominee for Mayor
and paid him some ¦ high tributes. In
part be said:
To know Henry J. Crocker is to love and re
apeet him. lie will make an ideal Mayor of
btn Francisco if lie Is elected to that high posi
tion.
We. the members of the Republican party, de
elre the prosperity and success of the working
clae*. I am In favor of unionism. I am
strong: y in favor of* organized labor. I am
ftror.jr.y in favor of letting the worklngmar.
and mechanic cbtain the highest wages and
work as few hours as are consistent and neces
sary. It het been said by 6ome of your leaders
that by iorming political parties S" ou injure
your cause and don't advance it. In forming
political parties you antagonize ether parties.
I therefore urge you to stand by the colors of
that party that has been a true and most con
sistent friend of the laboring man — the Repub
lican party. (Applause.)
Judge Joachimson was given a good
rally when he was introduced to the
gathering. The Judge said some nice
things about Percy V. Long and his col
league, Edwin M. Sweeney, both of whom
¦were unable to attend the meeting. In
the course of his speech Judge Joachim
6on said:
¦While on the bench I tried to be Impartial,
Just and lenient. My record is before you. 'You
know how I filled the position. During the ten
years I served en the police bench there was
never a 6candal in my court. I tried to keep
it clean sind I made a court of justice of It. I
tried to protect the young and in my experi
ence I saved many young men and young wo
men and know that they are leading respect
able lives. I thank God I did so and if elected
I will continue to do so.
Dr. Thomas EL Morris, candidate for
Coroner, made a modest, straightforward
address to the voters of the district and
made an- excellent Impression. Citizens
phouted out that he was the kind of a
Coroner they desired. Dr. Morris said he
had lived in this city for the past eighteen
years. He said if he was elected Coroner
lie would preside over the inquests in a
fearless and Impartial manner and wouM
place the responsibility where It right
fully . belonged. He promised that the
dead should be treated with respect, and
Instead of tending the body to the Morgue
he would permit it to remain In the house
and toe surrounded by sorrowing friends.
lie also promised a clean administration.
DUTY OF VOTERS.
J. T. Nourse, a young Republican
orator, delivered a splendid speech to the
voters of the <iistri£t. He spoke in behalf
of Percy V. Long, and also took occasion
to tell some campaign truths. In part he
said:
I believe It is the duty of every voter to
rtand by the Republican ticket this campaign.
We here eighteen men on the Supervisorial
ticket and all cannot appear before you at this
time. If we want to so ahead on the broad
lines we have started we murt have a Board of
iSujit-rvieor» which will toe In harmony with the
Mayor. TVe rnuet have, harmony in ail the de
partments, end in order to have this we must
elect the RcDUbilcan ticket. (Applause.)
W> have a candidate for City Attorney.
Percy V. .Long. (Applause.) Mr. Long, as you
know. 1k a practicing attorney of this city and
ha<> bcon engaged in that capacity for twelve
yarf. Three y«-ars of his time has been on
the bench. He ban mad* an enviable record
not only at the bar, but on the • bench. The
]>eople will make no mirtake in placing; him in
th» position to whirh he now aspires.
The Democratic candidate for Mayor has
Ml<J tteat the chartpr gives a man a -chance
to craft. Jf he could, a man might make be
twito two hundred and three hundred ' thou
sand dollars a year levying tribute on the
tenderloin end on the saloons. Mr. I^anc seems
to realise this fact. It Js better to put a man
In office wlio has no desire to rraft. Such a
man »* Henry j. Crocker. (Applause.) Mr.
Crocker C<m>* net a»k you to tlect him Mayor
In order that h* may inake a living from that
oJOce. I'nlike Mr. Lane, he does not wish to
bo elected in order that his eon may In future
year* climb Twin P^akjs and look down on this
c-lty «rd Buy. "My father wai once its Mayor."
<I^turtiier.> U* ask* that you elect him Mayor
in orri«r that h" might work for the upbulld
lair orihiw <-ty and make It the metropolis of
the Pacific Coast. \\V want a man In that
office who Is in Fympathy with needs of this
cltv: a man who knows wh»r« he stands.
We Itnnw .-iur jwwnt Mayor announced him
*rl( Jn aH the [.a;wr» that he was a Uepubllcan
*n<l yet ht £.*¦* I^ant and Btrivfii to eecure th
••lf-rticn of * JJemocrst to Congress, and now
he posca in Pan Francisco as the John the Bau
tlcfcf 6an Francisco. We know what Mr.
I.ane ftunds fcr. He says he stands for clean
Fov<-n:ment, »nd wy» he ip the sword -and
i-hi^M ' of morality and the Moses who will
Jcad'us out of the wilderness. (Applause.)
UNION MAN SPEAKS.
?*t& Eggers, a member of the Board of j
Bernal Heights and Holly Park
Voters Give Nominee for
Mayor Fine Reception.
Iroquois Club Refuses to Invite Franklin K. Lane to
Address Its Members and Democratic Stand
ard Bearer Loses Heart in His Fight.
HENRY J. CROCKER, STANDARD BEARER OF THE REPUBLICAN PARTY, GAINS
GREATER STRENGTH IN MAYORALTY FIGHT AS ELECTION DAY DRAWS NEAR
;' ' • . ; ¦ .-' ¦ ¦ '•¦¦¦•;" '¦'-.* ' »
THE SAN ¦ -FRANCISCO • CALL, SATURDAY, OCTOBER 24, 1 903.
5™T"HIS plethora of the precious metal In our
I country presents three problems - lnterest
* Ing and Important. What is to be the ef
• feet on oar currency T What on prices and
r-«it Wbat oa our world relations I
CONCERNING
THE PLETHORA OF
PRECIOUS METAL
Since October 1. 1898. the circulation for
each person in the United States has run us
from (24 24 to $£» 75 and the part of gold in
It from $8 78 to $12 67. While nowhere else
are checks and drafts and l«k« Instruments
used to the same extent as with us, no other
country has so much money per capita In cir
culation save France, which claims (39 22
where ¦ checks ¦ are much lees used than here"
Great Britain hes (18 29 and Germany (20 4S :
Canada. $14 39; Russia has only $6 60. (See ta
ble C st the end of tKe address.) Differing
from notes of national banks, gold Is money
Possible peril lies on another side. Our cir
culation Is undergoing an Immense and contin
uous Inflation. In five years the money in cir
culation in this country has run' up from
(1,S1G,516.392 to (2.4O4.617.OU9. an Increase of
fSS8.02O.C77. The strength is that, of- this
growth (358,604.872 has been In gold, coin and
certificates, an annual addition In that form of
nearly (72,000,000. We are to confront a fur
ther Increase in our circulation, of which gold
will constitute not far from $50,000,000 a year
That precious metal, including the certificates
standing for it. Is now 42.27 of the total, and
its share advances steadily.
Cheap currency may be devised, If that
Is wanted, but it will have all the qualities of
cheapness; It will be weak, unstable, dubious.
Gold is worth all It coats. It goes masterfully
everywhere. It stands sure and steadfast It
self, and all allied to It takes on Its strength
and power. Our yellow metal passes In Kt.
Petersburg. Peking. In Hongkong and Toklo,
and the United States note and sliver certifi
cate march with it In equal favor. The Amer
ican people were urged to make flat money, be
cause ft was cheap, and to coin silver at 16 to
1, because it was cheap. They rose above the
temptation and declared not once but twice and
always that they want not cheap money, but
the best In the world. And they have it, and
the annual Inflow of $80,000,000 assures it to
them and rewards their wisdom. . .
SOME critics complain that gold is not a
cheap currency. That Is true, and It Is
Its merit: It Is sectlre beyond doubt.
CIRCULATION
IS UNDERGOING
> : VAST INCREASE
" TABUS B ¦
STOCK OF GOLD IN VARIOUS COUNTRIES. AS SHOWN BT UTEST AVAIMBLB
- RETURNS. ¦¦:¦£- ¦ ... ¦<
Increase In five years and aTerajr* annual Increase. ....'//.
_•¦ t-l" :. ' .. i' Increase Annual
Country. Jan. 1. 1808. Jan. 1. 1908. '„ for five year*. Average.
Great Britain.......,;.. $438,000,000 1528,000.000 $90,000,000 $18,000,000
Franc* ....;. : 810,000,000 947,700,000 187,700,000 27,540,000
.Germany .. *6«8.500,000 768,000,000 95,000.000 19,000,000
Austria-Hungary.. 227,700,000 283,000,000 65.300,000 11,060,000
Bulgr&ria ...;< ..;.*... : 1,000,000 1,400,000 400,000 80.000
Denmark. .............;.:....- 15.300,000 - 15,800,000 200,000 40,000
Italy . 06,600,000 101,800.000; 5.000.000 1,000,000
.Netherlands 21.900,000 88,500,000. 1C.800.000 8,820,000
Norway 7,800,000 &200.000 400,000 80,000
Portugal ; ;»; .;.. 6,200,000 6,300,000 100,000 20,000
8ervia ..*. 1,200.000 .1,400,000 200.000 40 000
Spain » ;...• 45,500,000. 79,100,000 88,600.000 6,720,000
Sweden 8.600,000 17,800.000 9,200.000 1.840 000
Switzerland ..:.. 24,000,000 29.900.000 • 6.900,000 1,180,000
Increase for fir* years .'. . ................ $449,600,000
I' ¦'/¦;, . • . ' - ... i - : j ¦ -••-'.-_ ¦¦¦• Decrease. ¦
Russia ... $756,600,000" $74«.200,000 $10,400,000 $2,080,000
Belgium 80,000,000 19.700,000 10,300,000 2,080.000
Finland /"4.800.000 4,100,000 200,000 40 000
Greece .....' 500,000 400,000 100,000 2O00O
Roumania 14,500,000 > 9,600.000 6,000,000 l.OOO.'ooO
Decrease for. flr« years ». ..$26,000,000
TABLE C. .
CIRCULATION OF ETJROPKAN COUNTRIES, PER CAPITA.
From latest attainable figures. . ¦
Country. , . In rold. Total.
Great Britain... <. 12.69 18.29
Prance 34.36 89.22
Germany - ". .....13.64 .20.48
Austria-Hungary '...... 6.01 | 8.72
Denmark .........'.. 5. fie it 23'
Italy . \ .... ,.. 8.12 9.68
Netherlands .....{.... ......... 7.55 29 29
Norway ., 8.73 8.91
Sweden ..................'................. 8.42 10.75
Russia . : ¦ 6.70 6.60
Switzerland 9.06 18.57
. ¦'-->. ¦.'•¦"• TABIaE D.
j HOUMNOS OF GO1J3 BT OFFICIAL BANKS IN EUROPE.
Bank. ' Sept., 1898. Sept., 1903. Increase. Decrease
Bank of England...;... $169,120,856 ,$169,866,001 .;:..... $2264855
Bank of France... 3Cfl.865.969 494.6Od.107 $127,640,138 •¦*.*«.«»
Austro-Hungarian Bank 142,184,531 . 221,804.087 79,119.558 ..!"*"
Imperial German Bank.. 200,055,107 170.371.29S ....;... 88 683 8OO
Natlonar Bank. Belgium.. .. 21,295,804 14.709,808 \ .... a!685'99«
Netherlands Bank. .............. 20.984.348 19.187,636 ;.. 1796:712'
Bank of Spain... .61.526.502 71.285,026 19,738,624 '.'..^
National Bank, Italy . 58,768.500 94,137,576* 85.S69,078 ".".'."
Imperial Bank,, Ruasla..... 638,030,500 . • 404,896,417 ........ 132.24b]o83
Total ....;......... $1,676,438,117 $1,656,783,956 $261,867,294 $181,671 455
¦ TABLE H. ¦¦-'*¦¦ '¦ ¦¦
FIN ANCIAL CONDITION IN 1850 AND 1860.
. • • .,.,.. 1850. . . i860
Population of the United States. /. . .' '......'...;......... r." 23.191.876 . 81 443 321
Wealth ..........................-..:-......... r... $7,135,780,000 $1C.159616;OOO
Net ordinary receipts -of United States... .......... ;....... • 43.692.888 ' 66'o64Bflo
Customs ;-...:. .39,668.686 Mmsil '
Imports of merchandise I'.-: V. -.^r.rm".-.^:. ;:VT.T.'.T: . ...... :^ 173.509.526 '., 853'ei6!llB
Per capita........ ..;........; .......;. 7.48 . n-a
*£?>«*......... ...^...........~ l ..................~... - 144.375 726 . 333.576.05?
Per ' capita 6.23 lOfll
Value of manufactures produced in census year 1,018,106,016 1 fis*5 «wi rtr
Increase In, ten years. «766. 755,080. ... • . - ,. - r . V^.sei.™
Balance .In United SUtes Treasury..... .*. 82,827.082 ¦ 33 193 248
Total money in circulation......'.....;."..'.,......: 330,256,605 . ias'^nr'^M
Per capiU...... - 12.02 1385
Bank*notes........'................j.. 1 ... ..... •....;:..•..:.:... ' 131.3«6,520 207,102 477
Estimated specie... .;.............;........:.-....:..........% 154,000.000 • 235 000000
¦ .•¦'. ::¦¦¦'. ¦'.- -¦'¦.. " AVERAGE. PRICES.- v '•" ¦ ; '".- :; •-.¦'¦ .--'-..•'
Cotton upland middling......................... 11% . - \\
Wool medium fleece scoured..... ............it ¦ 83\i ¦ i (V>U
Salt mess pork.......-..............-........;................. 11.87vS lelso
- The scale of living . In the United ¦ States' is
such that we consume a great deal of what we
make. We spend more than the same number
of people anywhere on earth. Our agriculture
The productivenes of our people Justifies this
rank. In manufactures the American people
are far and away beyond rivalry. Against our
$13,000,000,000 of annual product Great Britain
shows - $4,283,000,000, France $2,900,000,000,
Germany (3,357,000,000 and Austria-Hungary
$1,500,000,000. These four great nations turn
out In manufactures $12,110,000,000 a year, or
$1,000,000,000 less than does this country alone
¦ Obviously the supremacy of our national
credit adds to the strength of the republic in
commercial credit, general esteem and inter
national Influence In all the world. We fear
no evil from exports of gold, for we can I well
spare more than Europe can pay for in Amer
ican ' obligations, . In merchandise or In any
form of securlUM.'QniMggiXaNWss&sAaflM^
How do these Influences bear upon - our
world relations? ' First of all, our surpassing
wealth in gold has placed our national credit
on a plane above that of all other countries,
and never before held by that of any govern
ment. ¦ British, consols, bearing 2*4 per cent in.
terest, long the foremost type . of credit, have
recently sold below 87, while consols of the
United States bearing only 2 - per cent range
from 108 to 110, - and the - loan of 1925 com
mands 136. This American republic alone
among nations always In time of peace reduces
its debt, and after a war makes rapid pay
ment of the cost. Only unbridled folly, not
conceivable, can shake this solid structure/
When wages go up, the purchasing power of
those who earn them rises In equal measure.
This process affects prices of commodities, and
adds always to the consumption which. again
gives Impetus to production and trade.
. No one can deny that the golden Inflow con
tributes to the currency a share growing more
rapidly than the total circulation, all at par
ity; that It lifts prices and wages, incites
activity in industry and trade, and pushes en
terprise forward, while It also tempts to undue
inflation of commercial and stock-Jobbing
credit. - %
By. index numbers the advance of all com
modities has been from $76,803 to $97,891. or
21 points. On full examination, the Employ
ers' Association of Chicago finds that the cost
of -living in this country has increased 15 per
cent In five years. Carroll D. Wright, head of
the Bureau of Labor, with all the data of the
Anthracite Coal Commission, declares the ad
vance to be from 15 to 17 per cent. These
figures may be accepted as authoritative.
Advance in wages follows Increase in cost
of living. In recent years it has come fast
and strong. Large railway companies and
other , corporations have added IS per cent at
one step to wages paid, to meet the recog
nised advance in cost of living. The drift had
been downward in wages from 1898, to 1898;
since It has been steadily upward. In many
cases it has exceeded the rise In cost of living.
The general average may safely be stated at
from 15 to 20 per cent. Persons with fixed
Incomes are burdened with. the heavier cost of
living without any offset, as they have the
benefit of a fall in prices of commodities, when
that occurs. -. .
mer pig, which was $10 25 in August,
1898. cost (21 70 at the same time In 1903;
steel billets in the same interval have risen
from $14 78 to $34; No. 2 red winter wheat,
which was 74c, became 74H<s; mess pork, from
$9 75, Jumped to $18 25. and family beef from
(11 CO to (15; cotton from S ll-16o advanced
to 8 9-10c; Ohio fleece wool fell from. 2So to
27c. • - : ;—;;?. ¦ I ¦;•?«. • - ¦
PRICES of commodities have undoubtedly
been borne upward by the inflation. Spe
cial influences have affected iron; Besse-
COMMODITY
PRICES HAVE
BEEN INFLATED
of an Inch.
The stock of rold Is estimated at $1 277 -
362,651 (October 1, 1908), and If no allowance
be made for abrasion, will w«igh 2353.0 tons
(avoirdupois weight). °"
Reduced to a solid mass. It would contain
8034.2 cublo feet and would fill a vault that
measured 15.785 feet on all sides.
If coined into - eaxlea and placed edge to
edge it would make a lin« 2116.84 miles long
If placed on board freight cars with six
teen tons In each car, It would require 147 cars
With an estimated population of 80,831, 000*
this stock of- gold Rives a per capita of $15 so'
0 KB eubls foot of standard gold Is worth
$326,840. 5
$1000 of Etw gold cola weighs B3.75
¦Troy ounces. '
The diameter of the eagle ($10 piece) Is 21-20
WEIGHT AND v
MEASUREMENT
OF OUR GOLD'
This golden. flood is without peer in its mag
nitude. It has brought to our people and our
Government treasure* richer than any before
recorded in human annals. It has covered the
continent and blessed all the inhabitants. Its
sources and its current are not exhausted. It
continues to spread. itself over every valley and
plain, fructifying as the waters of the Nile.
Bankers may do much to direct It into right
and beneficent channels. They can prevent Its
diversion . for sinister and harmful purposes.
Th» strtpplngs of the surface of the mines have
been brought to us. Riches from lower levels
are within sight. If the American people are
prudent, will let thslr common sense and cold
reason govern, they shall see that the pros
perity they enjoy is the earnest of more to
come, of material achievement beyond the scope
of prophecy, deserving to b« adorned with
moral and spiritual flower and fruit which
shall glorify humanity.
a stream whose 'cours* and force can be quite
clearly mapped.. .
Upon the marvelous golden Inflow American
mechanism moves in triumph. Our agriculture
is still dominant in our wheat and meats and
fruit and cotton. The remarkable growth Is in
our manufactures, now constituting nearly a
third of our exports. ¦- predictions . and rock
tflbbed are our material and financial condi
tions.. Predictions can prudently be based upon
them. But the minds of men are a' shoreless
tnd chartless ses. snd no one can tell when
Dr why pallid fear may brood horribly upon its
waves. The nerves of the multitude are a vast
electric system which some accident may start
into sparks or even flame and shock and far
reaching utterances. Into this mystic region
our theme does not lead us, even if we had
the courage to enter there. We have been
studying what can be weighed and measured.
But we invade the Old World with our
manufactures by reason of the skill and en
ergy of American labor and the methods de
vised by American'gcnlus. We run electric
roads besides the Pyramids; we furnish har
vesters for Russia: we build bridges In the
Boudan and in Burmah; send locomotives - to
farthest Manchuria; help Germany to ¦ load
coal; sell shoes to Austria; scatter sewing ma
chines everywhere, and our watches keep time
on the Danube, the Nile and the Orinoco Our
high wages have not yet checked our invasion
of the markets of Europe and Asia. Increas
ing home consumption affects to some degree
the exports of our merchandise, for we ship
only what our own people do not use but
the more we make the more we shall sell.
The exports of our manufactures for the
eight months ending with last August were
$278,619,872, and 82.4 per cent of our total ex
ports; for the like period of the preceding year
they were $279,632,&92 and 84.79 per cent in all
In the fiscal year 1003 they were $408,187,207
and 29.82 per cent of all, while In 1902 they
were (403.641.401. and 29.77 per cent of the
total exports. Mr. Chamberlain at Glasgow
October fl. declared British exports of manu
factured articles fell from £116,000,000 in 1872
to £73,000.000 In 1002.
helps to feed Europe; Indeed, many, of Its In
habitants would starve without our grains and
meats. How inuei .of i- the products of the
farm shall be exporteil'depends on tKe crops in
nil lands and on the purchasing power of our
foreign customers.- »•¦ ¦ - ; - . - •
DISTINGUISHED FINANCIERS WHO DELIVERED ADDRESSES AT
THE CLOSING SESSION OF THE BANKERS' CONVENTION AND
GOVERNMENT OFFICIAL. WHO SPOKE OH NATION'S WEALTH.
With greater assurance and accuracy, we
can consider and contrast the holdings of the
Treasury of the United States and of the for
eign central banks. I^et us take two dates five
years esart and took at the totals and the
charges In the interval, September, 1893 and
1MB. The Bank of England in that period lost
Jn gold, *2,264,O00: the Imperial German Bank.
(3fe.663.S09. and Russia. (132.240.00OT while
rain* are reported in the Back of France of
*127.e40,O00; of Auetria-Hunffary. $79 120000
The aggregate gains in all the European
rtate« were (2C1.S67.000 and the losses (181.
671.000. Thus the net gains in official holdlnirb
In those states for five years were (80.000 000l
and were equal to that of one year of 'our
Treasury. (See table D at end of address )
The banks, national and other, own (32*> 000 -
000. Our Treasury holds now $655,000 000 A
fair comparison with foreign official . holdings
r-ernflts us to»comblne these sums and to reach
as the treasure on which our financial rystem
is based $977,0(10.000, bard on to (1,000,000 000
The public and private credit - of th« British
empire rests on (IS6.856.000 In the Bank o*
England; of Germany on (170,371,000 In the
Imperial German Bank; of Russia on $404 396 -
000 in the Imperial Bank: of France on J494'
506.000 in' tne Bank of Fr ar.ee. Exclude the
rold of the banks, oar Treasury alone holds
3.9 times more than the Bank of England; 3.8
times more TSian the Imperial German Bank,
nearly three times more than Austria-Hun
cary; 62.1 per cent more than Russia, and S2.6
per cent more than France.
An interesting comparison .Is that byr>er
kkjs. Our etock of gold U $15.80 per capita*
that of France is stated at $24.36; of Germany*
f 13.54; cf Austria-Hungary. (8.01; of Rucsla^
(A.70: of Switzerland, (8-06; of Sweden (3 43
of Norway, S3.73. (See table C at close of ad
dress.) ....
Let us cenceda that some excess crept Into
the estimates of earlier rears in our stock,
and has been carried forward, but the methods
cf calculation in France aad Russia render it
certain that like excess in greater degree ex
ists in their records. The ratio la therefore
practically accurate.
Of the worli's production In 1902, amounting
to S2M,000.000. the United States furnished
In gold In stock. In circulation and In effl
clsl holdings our country surpasses every other
ration. The stock of Great Britain Is $528.
(¦00,000. so that ours is double. Th» Increase
in five years here has been (376,021,387. In
that period Great Britain has added (90 000.
«X>; France. (137.700.000: Oennany. (95,000-
O00; Austria-Hungary. (59,300.000. while Rus
sia lost (10.400,000. and in several other coun
tries there has been a reduction. In all cf
Europe ths total rain la the same Interval
fcas been $449, €00.000. from which Is to be de
ducted the falling off in several nations of
(26,000,000, and tbus & net Increase is shown
of (423,000,000. (Bee table B at close of ad
dress.) At the present rate cur gain before
this calendar year ends, in stock of the yellow
metal, will exceed that of all European coun
tries. Remember, also, that their population
is five times that of th* United States.
California has learned that there is wealth
more precious than gold, because she has used
her gold wisely. She dings to actual coin as
currency, and has never wavered from fidelity
to it as a standard. Under her sky, in her at
raoephere, amid her gardens aad her ranches,
we cannot fall of a. true perspective and of a
heejttful exaJtaxicn in our practical discussion.
In the United states a.t the beginning of this
month of October, the gold In the stock of
money was $1,277,362,051; the amount held by
the Treasury was (654.bll.7ie, and in circula
tion in coin and certificates was (1,016,648 683
If this association oould order this stock
brought before It and could get the metal here
3a solid mass, we should have a cube of nearly
sixteen feet, weighing 2353.9 tona and requir
ing 147 freight cars to move It. Were all
coined into eagles snd placed edge to edge, the
line would be 2116.64 miles lone, say from Kew
York to sixty miles west of Colorado Springs
(See table A at close of address-)
energy cf the American nation, and
the bankers who listened to It were loud
In their expressions of praise for the man
ner in which the distinguished Govern
ment official presented his address. The
address was as follows:
The discovery of gold In California lifted the
production of the yellow metal in - the United
States Xrom SSi9,0o0 In 184.T to StfO.OoO.OOO in
>r-J, and Irom ibU> to lbtio produced aa aver
age of 555,000,000 a year. The event marks
an epoch. In twenty-one cf each of the years
cmce our mines have turned out leas than (40,-
OuO.uOU, while in 1802 they gave (MO.000.00U.
<¦-".. cf this situation pregnant problems arise
v. !.:¦;. call for inougtit. Wl.at place is more
fitting for their etudy than Just here where
we stand, where we forgather with the home
shepherds of the golden fleece? The American
Bunkers 1 Association, representing over $14,-
O00.0w.000 of resources, and *11 the activity
of the nation's thrift and -enterprise, meets on
the Pacific Slcpe. We. have from many points
crossed the broad continent to look upon the
water* of the new Mediterranean, the ocean of
; •ace. Cpon it the scenes ax* set for the
grand drama of the future. The sea which
was dominated in turn by the Phoenicians, the
Greeks and the Romans, was -of waters 'dyed
with blood; It is a little Inland lake compared
with the mighty icetn which connects the Oc
cident with tbe Orient, which beats upon
America and A*ia and Australasia, and holds
in Its l«.i> islands upen which nature has lav
ished its most precious treasures.
THE address of Treasurer Roberts
was an eloquent statement of the
ELLIS ROBERTS
TALKS ON THE
GOLD INFLOW
• Fire burn and cauldron bubble."
He may dread the rash of United States note*
for redemption, may suspect that some Secre
tary of the Treasury will use sliver for of
ficial payments, may tremble at the hazard of
wild legislation. Ha forgets that $260,000,000
of the United States notes are'of denominations
of (10 and below. How can they be fathered
in any large volume? The silver dofiars are
scattered everywhere, while the • sliver certifi
cates are all but (27.000.000 in (10s and below.
The people need all smalt notes and clamor
for more. They are beyond reach by any sec
retary for Urr« payments. The power of Con
gress Is vast,, but it cannot climb Niagara,
nor can it overcome the majestic force of this
yellow flood of (80,000,000 a. year.
"Double, double, toil and trouble.
The panic of 1557 befell In that decade.
Howell Cobb. Secretary of the Treasury, pro
nounced "tb« undue expansion of credit, which
engendered schemes of Improvident speculation,
leading to rapid fluctuations in prices and hab
its of extravagance the principal cause for the
embarrassments in the commerce of the coun
try." Others vehemently attributed the disas
trous revulsion to the caar.ee In the tariff made
by the act of March 8,f 1657. reducing rates by
20 per cent. Looking - back the student tnay
ask, was not the shadow of the Civil War a
contributing cause? It is certain that all
branches of business were prostrated and that
the distress was wide and intense. The banks
suapended. but the Government kept on paying
coin. While paralysis fell upon enterprise, the
country was not exhausted as In the panic of
1S3T. Industry and commerce had been rush
ing on too fast, and the brakes worked sudden
ly with a severe stock. ,
To-day the contrasts with that period are
many more than the parallels. No sectional
strife disturbs the national serenity. Our huge
railroad system binds all States together, and
connects ocean with ocean and. the gulf with
the great lakes. Our industries are more va
ried and so havs a broader base. Enterprise
takes more extensive range. They- cannot be
so easily toppled over. From 1S90 to 1900 the
annual product of our manufactures grew from
0,372,437.283 to (18.039,279.566. Our imports
of merchandise ran up from (789.310,409 to
(S49.941.184. and our exports from (S57.82.3.GS4
to (1,394.4&3,CS2. .We are 82,000,000. with so
many electric brains and hearts beating to
many rhythms and with chameleon desires.
To such, general and sudden change does not
come so' readily aa to a smaller population
with simpler methods and with narrower ex
perien«e. The severest cyclone cannot cover a
continent, but has s> short and narrow path.
- Our currency rests absolutely solid on its rock
'bottom of gold. Some ghost-seeing Macbeth
may discern weird sisters on the blasted heath,
casting thtlr incantations together, with the
refrain: . ¦
Paths may b« opened for our Investigation if
we look back to the decade, following the dis
covery of gold in California and study the con
ditions from XS50 to 1860. In that period our
country produced gold of the coinage value cf
$550,000,000. an average of $35,000,000 a year.
(See table D at close- of address.) With popu
lation ranging from 23.000.U00 to 31.000.000, ac
tivity marked all branches of industry. In the
census years the value of manufactures pro
duced ran up from $1,019,100,610 to $l,8S3.t>6l.
076 — an increase in ten years of 1760,756.001.
In the decade our national wealth increased by
*9,023,S36.000. Imports of merchandise grew
irom |1T3,S09,520 to 1353,619,110. more than
double: from (7 48 per capita to 111 23; and
exports from $144,875,728 to f323,&76,0BT. again
more than double, and from in 23 to (10 til
per capita. The money in circulation Increased
from S330.256.603 to $435,407,252. and from
J12 02 per capita to (13 85. Of this bank notes
were in 1S50 fl31.360.C20 ana in 1860 $207,102.
477. and specie at the two periods (154,000,000
and $235,000,000. Prices of food and clothing
advanced, and up to 185S a general increase
occurred of 11 per cent, but in th* sum of arti
cles chosen tor index there- was a fail of 2.3
per cent before 1600. Pig iron, a typical prod
uct, went from (20 88 in 1830 to (22 75 in 1880.
In Great Britain from the decade 184S-1S57 to
1858-1867 there was an advance in Index prices
from S3 to 09.
With due allowance, then, for contrary influ
ences, how. far and in what, direction la the
vast inflow of the yellow metal carrying us t
The. blind may see that in the past five years
business has been expanded in some directions
in an unparalleled degree. Credit has natu
rally been multiplied at least to four times the
amount of cash added to our supply. The ex
ploitation of glgantio industrial corporations
ran on at a dangerous speed, fortunately to
exhaust Itself by» its own excesses. , Promotion
of stocks and bonds is not industry; It is spec
ulation, and that finds help and impetus in
inflation. In that way the Inflow of gold has
magnified if not wholly caused tUe frenzy and
the excesses in industrial securities. Those
who have climbed too high Into the realm of
credit must come down, and here the descent,
unlike that to Avernus, is not smooth and
pleasant. The promoter who has failed to dis
tribute his stocks and bonds may be punished,
and those who have petted his schemes may
suffer. But a shrinking of Inflated securities
to their true value Is not a public calamity. In.
divlduals may be crippled, Industry and en
terprise may have to rest on their oars. Our
financial system cannot totter, much lens be
wrecked. Undue favors may have been shown
by some banks to promoters, but they are cor
recting their Munders and looking out for more
healthful business.
of final reserve and redemption^ and the, credit
built upon it Is higher and bob&der, so that
the potential Inflation may be carried farther.
In this country cash is used for only 10 per
cent of transactions; in Borne localities for less;
in others for perhaps 13 per cent. Cries for
more money have been often beard in the landj
no one has said how much. The due limit for
circulation has not been established. Alexan
der Hamilton quotes Poetlethwalte as suppos
ing- that the quantity of cash necessary is one
thlrd of the. rents to the proprietors, or one
ninth of the product of the lands. This really
only names other unfixed quantities as th«
standard. ; We have passed far beyond such
limit. The theory has been proclaimed that
the circulating medium should keep exact pace
with the • population. Conditions vary in dif
ferent countries and at different periods. In
the same land at periods not remote from each
other large, additions to the currency cannot
fall to affect enterprise. Industry and com
merce, the cost of living and the prices of com
modltles. But the currency is only one factor
bearing on production, and consumption. We
shall err radically if we treat it as the absolute
dictator.-. T - t- *-*. <¦• • . .
An able address on* the "Education of
Bank Clerks" was then presented by J.
Emergency circulation could, within careful
limitations, be safely permitted upon th* actual
deposit with the Treasury Department of se
curities acceptable to the Secretary of the
Treasury, and upon such deposits circulation
could be issued promptly to meet actual em
ergencies, which would not be possible if time
were taken for the examination of general
assets by the Secretary of the Treasury and
Comptroller of the Currency. A tax of 6 p « r
cent per annum should be imposed upon such
emergency circulation to insure and hastes its
return to the issuing bank, thu tax to be set
aside as a safety fund to secure the United
States ' Treasury for the redemption of notes
so issued. This emergency circulation should
be issued without any distinguishing mark
from. other national bank circulation except to
substitute the word* "secured -by bonds ap
proved by the Secretary of the Treasury •• in
stead of th« words "bonds of. the- United
States." for being amply secured there should
be no discrimination against it beyond • the «
per ¦ cent tax.-
To farther liberalise the circulation your
committee recommends that the United State-.
tax on circulation should be uniform on the
issue of currency based on all classes of United
States Government bonds.
* In the ODlnlon of your committee the most
serious need la the reform of the sub-treasury
system in such wi«e that the money with
drawn from the banks for custom duties as
well as Internal revenues shall be deposited in
the banks and thus be made available for use
In the community from which it has been
withdrawn. Such a reform could be inaugu
rated by giving to the Secretary of the Treas
ury discretionary authority to permit deposits
to the extent of 60 per cent of the capital and
surplus of national banks of customs receipts
as well as internal revenue receipts guaran
teed by securities aceeotable to the Secretary
of the Treasury. Such an arrangement would
render impossible the embarrassment* which
have frequently occurred aa the result of treas
ury accumulations.
Regarding the question of circulation, the
first and mest imDortant requirement Is the
Immediate repeal of the prwent limitations of
$3,000,000 per month upon the withdrawal of
circulation, so that the expansion and contrac
tion will be automatic and governed by the
surrounding situations. Under the present re
strictions many banks are unwilling to Issue
currency for temporary and legitimate needs
which they would issue if they felt certain that
their currency could be retired when no longer
needed. .
The Important portion of the report of
tho currency, committee Indorsed yester
day in the adoption of the resolution
brought forward by Congressman Pugsley
was as follows:
• The currency committee, composed of men
eminently Qualified to deal with this Intricate
problem, and representing different sections of
our. great country, after much discussion and
consideration have presented a valuable and
conservative report, without a single radical
feature in it. It may be said that there is
nothing new in the report, but this question
has been discussed for years by bankers In
convention, by representatives in Congress and
by the press. The discussions have taken a
. wide range, embracing almost every feature ol
the currency question. Some have favored
more currency; others have held as tenaciously
to the position that there was money enough
for all practical purposes. We have had sug
gestions as to emergency circulation, supple
mentary circulation, elastic currency and cur
rency issued by clearing-houses and numerous
other devices and suggestions as to the rate of
tax to be applied to such currency and whether
it should be issued freely at the option of the
banks or under the authority and direction
of the Controller of the Currency. There is
no doubt that our system can be improved, but
I do not believe it will be revolutionized. 11
Is essential that Us volume should rise and
fall with the varying tides of 'business and
commerce. It is the most Important measure
before this convention. It la Important be
cause It reaches and should interest all sec
tions of our republic. A sound and stable
currency is the life blood of the nation's com
merce and prosperity and It is of vital import
not only to the banking and commercial In
terests but to the people of the whole country
that our currency should be sound beyond
question and good beyond peradventure. The
great essential of any currency is quality
rather than quantity, and * I am glad to say
that the bankers and citizens of California
have ever stood for quality and that they also
have evidently been successful In obtaining
quantity.
"Wherever our flag waves, from the islands
of the Atlantic to the distant islands of the
Pacific, and from the sunny south to Alaska
With its eternal snows, we should have the
best currency that the brains and skill of
America can evolve. We want to see the
world's standard the American dollar and out
currency system surpass that of any other
nation on the face of the globe, but only by
the most conservative legislation can this be
accomplished. In the broadest sense it is a
national question. What la of the greatest
value to th« people should be . the aim of
bankers and all legislation, and not what
should be of the greatest value and assistance
to the banks. The banks are the servants of
the people, not the masters. The people are
keenly Interested in this question, and not only
Is it being considered and dlscusaad by the
President of the United States, by Represen
tatives In Congress, by the press, by bankers,
but by the people at large. I do not believe
that the bankers of this country for selflbh
Interests and purposes will do aught to re
tard tho general prosperity of the country.
On more titan one occasion they have jhown
themselves patriots and I believe they will
urge and favor only such legislation aa will
result for the countigr*s good. : '
I have been . instructed by the executive
council to present this resolution:
"Resolved, That the resort of the currency
committee appointed under resolution passej
at the last annual convention of the American
Bankers' Association held at New Orleans be
adopted, and that the president of this asso
ciation : appoint a. committee of three forvthe
purpose of urging legislation along the lines
recommended in the report.
CONGRESSMAN PUGSLEY of New
York then presented a report and
resolution Indorsing the report of
the currency committee and, after some
discussion, the report and resolution to
indorse the currency committee were
adopted. •
. The report presented by Congressman
Pugsley.was as follows:
VOTE IN FAVOR ¦'
OF EMERGENCY
m CIRCULATION
Eujcar, refined — .....' 8*i V*>
Pig Iron... :......-. ...I!!:*!!!!I.".'" 2O.S4 ; 22.75
-•.- "Average Drtee». l?30: Pood, 85.5;*"cioth»'i*nd ciothinjr. 91.3: fuel >nd lighting. 102.*;
metals and imDl«m«nts, 114.8; lumber and bunding materials. 102.2; drus* and chemic«Ja,
123.«: . bouse furnishing goods. 125.fi; miscellaneous. 107. T. All articles. 102.3.
Averaze Drite, .I860: All Uken at 100.
Average. prices In Great Britain. 1848-1857,' 88: 1858-1887. W.
The prizes donated for prize essays* on
bank topics by the United States Invest
or, through Its treasurer. Frank P. Ben
nett, were awarded by Colonel Robert J.
Lowry. ex-president of the American
Bankers' Association and one of the
Judges in the competition.
The first prize of $300 was awarded to
F M Farwell, 1 Nassau street. New
York his essay being "Combining Small
Bank's " The second prize of $300 was
awarded to Chauncy Thomas of Denver,
hla subject being "Bank Collections"; the
third of $3» was & vea to W. C.
Merington. his essay being "The Bank
Clerks' Holiday."
The Judges appointed by the donors
were Joseph G. Cannon, vice president
Fourth National Bank, New York; Col
onel Lowry, president Lowry National
Bank; John P. Odell of J. P. Odell & Co..
Chicago; Frederick Roble, president of the
First National Bank of Portland. Me.
The report of the protective committee
of the association was furnished In print
ed form to the convention and a summary
of the report will be found in another
column.
The report of the committee on nomin
ations was unanimously approved by the
convention and the secretary was in
structed to cast the ballot for the election
of the ¦ ofilcial3.
The list of names of the officers elected
to serve for the ensuing year will be
found In another column of The Call.
B.Finley, president of the Fifth National
Bank of Plttsburg. Pa.. .and the commit
tee on nominations then presented its rer
port of officers to be elected for the en
suing year.
terms .. .T....V.11
Forgers sentenced to Indeterminate terms.... 1<T
Total convictions .-.•: .21
Total specific sentences .' . .43 year*
Average specific sentence .... 4 years 1 month
Bank burglars convicted and sentenced . to -
specific terms, including three outlaw raid
ers 01
Total specific wentenefs. .. .11 » years 3 months
Average specific sentences ..5 years 5 months
Bank burgtars convicted and sentenced- to
Indeterminate terms 4
Panic burglars sentenced to death «1
Bank burglars awaiting trial 3
Bank burglars escaped t
Bank burglars acquitted •
Following table shows arrests and convic
tions of forgers, swindlers, bank burglars and
"hold-ups" for operations on members Amer
ican Bankers' Association September 15, 1000,
to September 13. 1003: ....
Forgers convicted and sentenced to specific
From May I, 1S03, to September 13. 1003.
banks not members of the association iui\ j
lost, as reported. $'M0.~i0 75 In the same vmy.
The only forgery organization that uperal^U
upon a member during the past season »ai
broken up at the start by the arrest and con
v.cnon of its members. There is no similar
organization In the field, so far as* known.
The cu'minatlon of an expensive forgery cass
vtn.a reached this season in the iliuruption of i*
n*w cr.-rsnlzatlon led by John S. Brush, a
forger of considerable »klll. derived years ago
in the association of a band of clever penmt-n.
who liavs been driven out of the business sine*
the formation of the protective feature of lh»
a.ieo(i,.tiun. The arrest of Brush is the reault
of two years' work to fix the responsibility for
occasional clever forgeries, dating frum Au
gust. 10W, reproducing the signatures and In
dorsements cf bank, depositors in a manner to
throw suspicion on employes having access
thereto. In August. 19C0. a member . was de
frauded in New York City and attempts w-ie
made on two members in .Newark, N. J., wher*
the presenter was arrested and later sect to
the penitentiary- In December, 1901. two more
banks, members, were defrauded In New Tori*
City. but. although a careful Investigation di
rected suspicion toward Brush, no evidence
could be had until the fall of 1902, when he
resumed operations cii a broader scale, with
George Roas as micMlemaiTand Alfred Hearst
and Alexander :5tone as rresenters of his forged
Checks. So careful was Brush, however, that
several banks were operated upon before the>
evidence would warrant his arrest, which was
accomplished December 20. followed by the.
apprehension of his helper*. George Ross gave
evidence for the State, and the other n;s
pleaded guilty. In consideration of his ad
vanced age. B2 years, and the long terms pre
viously served by him. Brush was only sen
tenced to five years in State's prison. Alfred
Hearst received* a similar sentence and Alex
ander Stone was sent to the Klmira Reforma
tory.
Reports have b«»en received involving the op
erations on members of the association from
September 15. 1902, to September 15, 1003. of
H5 forgers and swindlers, sixty-five of whom
have been arrested. Twenty-one of these have
been sentenced, while for operations previous
to th!3 swscn there have been seven forger*
and swindlers convicted and sentenced. . In ad
'IitJcn. one forscrr. who prevlousiy served a,
tarm for defrauding a member of the associa
tion; was arrested -while preparing to ga on
the road with bosu.-t letter-heads and drafts.
The detective agents «f the association wen
prepared to cennert him with a series of swin
dles recently committed, and he pleaded jratlty
and was sentenced to the penitentiary for a
term of four years.
Many of the successful bank swindles «r»
taln an element of the confidence tram* ani
could be easily prevented by bank officers. In
this class is the work of an annoying swindler
who Is now at large. As a stranger, newlv
arrived in town, he will express his Intention
of opening an office and will make roma ap
parent preparation to commence business.
Without other formality than the introduction
of his prospective landlord, an initial cash de
posit and a p!austb!e story along the abev*
lines. h» is permitted to deposit draft* for con
siderable sums, which are found to be fraud
ulent after he has drawn the irreater portion
of his supposed balance and left town.
The protective feature of the American
Bankers' Association has been in operation
since the fall of 1S04. It has fully justified
itself in every particular save that of sur
presslng the "yeggmen" who. as a class o?
criminals, have become Important in the past
few years. 'The operations against thes« ere
roles of small banks have bpen difflcult. tediens
and expensive. The committee has left noth
ing undone to break up these ganx3 of "y?Ks
men." but It is evident that much labor and
expense will be Involved In this feature of
the protective work in the future. Banker*
in small towns should be on their guard and
should make preparations to act promptly and
Intelligently In defense when attacked, and
In the effort to capture the criminals.
We append the report of the Plnkerton Na
tional Detective Agency, which Is distributed
among the members in printed form, and will
follow this report In the proceedings of the
convention.
year. Much good work was done
In the running down and conviction of
burglars and robbers. The following is
the report in part:
Robbers who were arrested for attacklrs a
member of the association did so. they declare.
In Ignorance of Its membership. Tfcjir state
ment Is credible because they bad previously
abandoned their purpose to attack a member,
from w*5lch they withdrew upon the accidental
discovery of its membership sign.
A band of "yeggmen" who had, heretofore,
carefully avoided members of the assorts. llu~.i.
attacked one last winter. It has been s1ik«
discovered that the bank had broken its mem
bership sign and been without one. for sever*!
months.
Fourtecr members of the association wer>
rubbed by burglars during the season, with *
resultant loss of 113.688 IS. while Kt|»WM
Saeecsstb] Attacks upon banks not memoarj u£
th» association resulted In a reported losa of
SU7..U1 2S.
From May 1, 1893. to September 15. 1S0J,
members of the association have lost $Ut>.
ttil 73 ly the operations of burglars ami
thieves.
THE protective committee of the
American Bankers' Association
made its report en the work ac
complished by It during the last
One fact stood out in the mass of sta
tistics presented to the convention by
Treasurer Roberts, and that was that the
United States Is enjoying prosperity never
known before in -the history of any na
tion; that this country exceeds as* other
great power In its wealth and products,
and that the shrinkage of securities In
the last two years has not affected the
stability of the country, the surest proof
of its soundness and financial strength.
The figures quoted were of such magni
tude that to the layman they were daz
zling, but to the bankers, used to colossal
figures of wealth, they were easily under
standable.
He had billions cf dollars at his fingers'
ends. He compared the Treasury accounts
cf the United States with these of Eng
land, Germany, France, Austria and Rus
sia, and In an easy manner told of the
products of the United States and com
pared them with the similar products of
the countries mentioned.
the distinguished flnaacier spoke on "The
UiTects of the Inflow of Gold."
Without notes and relying absolutely on
hJs memory. Treasurer .Roberts presented
an amazing array of figures. In which h«
compared the wealth and business of the
United States with tha.t of Great Britain
and other European countries.
The address of Treasurer Roberts was
frequently Interspersed with applause,
especially when he referred to the mag
rltude of the wealth of tins nation and
the enormous growth of Its manufac
tories.
Perhaps the most je mark able address
ever delivered at any convention of the
hankers was the on* presented by Hon.
EIUsj H. Robert*. Trer.surer of the United
Etates, at yesterday's session. In which
PROSPERCTT of the United States
was the Jteynote of the closing
session yesterday of the twenty
ninth anssial convention of the
American Bankers' Association,
fceM at the California Theater.
BankRobbersand
Forgers Are Dis
cussed.
Republic's Wealth
Is Greatest on
Earth.
Good Work Done
by Protective
Committee.
Convention Hears
of Country's
Resources.
MIGHTY FLOW OF GOLD INTO THE UNITED STATES IS DESCRIBED
IN ADDRESS TO BANKERS BY ELLIS H. ROBERTS, NATIONAL TREASURER
-. r - ' '--.V" '¦' •' ¦ ¦ '
THE 8AN FRANCISCO CALL, ' SATURDAY, OCTOBER 24. 1008.
6before the State Board of Medical Ex
aminers at Its December session In San
Francisco. Dr. Crowley is a graduate of
the College of Physicians and Surgeons of
San Francisco.
National Bank. Charleston; Wisconsin. J. M.
Holley. cashier State Bank cf La Croese. La
Crosee; Wyoming:. August Kendall, president
First National Bank. Rock Springs; Hawaii,
H. K. Walty of Bishop & Co., Honolulu. .
The convention was then declared , ad
journed and the memorable . gathering
came to an end., .-.-¦> .'-.• •-.....
After the adjournment the executive
ASTORIA; Of.; OcL 23.— Captain Rich
ardson -of the . lighthouse'; tender Colum
bine, t which returned i to-day j f romi J Puget
Sound, £ reports : a , strange . phenomenon
while off ¦ Cape : Flattery , last night. .The
heavens suddenly;* took on iajpeculiar^ hue
and at the ' same i time ; the barometer . fell
rapidly. *. After a few. moments thej atmos
phere resumed Its normal condition, .
Strange \ Phenomenon ; at Sea.
? SACRAMENTO. ' Oct. 23.— The State
Board of Medical. Examiners recently
called' tho attention of Dr. F.'W." Hatch.
Superintendent ' of State ' Hospitals, to tho
factHhat Dr.-. J. J.. Crowley, one vof .the
.physicians at I thtl State" Hospital for the
Insane at Uklah; Mendoclno County, was
practicing 'i\ medicine -without -, a .- license.
The , board • threatened .to 'prosecute ; Dr.'
Crowley, *but « ho • haa' assured •Dr.'; Hatch
that he 1« willing to -take an examination
Must Undergo an ; Examination.
SAN JOSE, Oct. 23.— Everything is ready
for the reception local bankers are to
give the Eastern financiers to-morrow. The
party will arrive here shortly after 1?
o'clock. They will be met at the depot by
a- committee of the bankers .' and v the
Chamber of Commerce. Carriages will.be
provided arid the party taken •¦ for a . drive
about the city and valley and to the So
rosis fruit farm near Saratoga. After go^
ing through the Soro3l3 packing-house an
elaborate lunch will be served. The lunch
will I consist solely of Santa Clara County
products and. will: be prepared under^ the
direction , of E. • E. ' Goodrich of • El ? Quito
olive farm. Arrangements are being made
to entertain 500.^igggEMM
An Elaborate Entertainment Awaits
Bankers Who Visit Garden dty.
SAN JOSE IS BEADY/
LOS ; ANGELES, t Oct. 23.— Joseph - F.
Body, formerly.:an jengine^ wiper ; in ; the
employ of •' the . Southern Pacific Company
and y recently ] employed : by ; the • Cudahy
Packing Company, died this morning from
injuries- received by • being run over.. by
a freight train late last night. Sody was
walking j on .the track, and apparently, did
not, hear the .approaching, train... , » ", ., .'-¦
Bun Down by a Freight T^rain.
Tou ; have not seen the most attractive por
tion of Calif orrila' unless you take- a' via
Sausallto ferry ; (North Shore ' R. R. ) to Min
Valley Ross Valley or San Rafael." Views of
harbor Alcatraz Golden Gate and beautiful
suburban > homes. Ferry . • (connecting with
trains) departs foot of Market street at 7:00,
6:00 0:00 10:00 11:00 a. m.v 12:20, 1:45. 3:15.
4 : 15 5.15 6:15, ,7:00, 8:45. 10:20. and 11:45
p m. ¦¦<¦ Return on . any of sixteen trains dur
ing the day. 50c round trip. Tours to.Rus
sian River redwoods. Full information at ticket
office, 620 Market street...- :¦.. ,. ; - -- . \ - ¦•
Visiting Bankers.
BERLIN, Oct. 23.— An ; electric . car to
day. In the high speed experiments on the
Mariennelde-Zossen " line, attained th»
speed of 130 2-5 miles per hour.
council met at the Palace Hotel for the
purpose of electing, a secretary and an as
sistant eecretary. With "unanimous vote
the council decided to renew the. terms of
office of Secretary James R, Branch and
Assistant Secretary William O. Fltzwll
son, who : have bo "ably discharged their
duties during the last few years.
The executive j council will meet next
April In New York City to decide where
the convention for 1904 shall be held. Two
pressing Invitations were presented yes
terday, one by Atlantic City,' N. J., and
the ottfer by' New York City. It Is'under
stood that Atlantic City Is favored by a
majority of the bankers. ';?'-;-
Car Attains Remarkable Speed.
; In the suit of Miller & Lux against ;the
company a continuance was granted^by
Judge Austin until ' November 11. - Both
sides ¦ had exhausted - their: lists o^' v wit
nesses on the flow of. Stephenson Creek,
and it was agreed • that before taking : up
other phases of: the case the'. attorneys
could save .time by using,: evidence that
was given i In .', the , trial of ; the . Miller &
Lux 1 case against the Enterprise Canal
and ' Irrigation ". Company." ¦ The evidence in
each instance 'covers the . k same ground.
The; bond of the applicants . for the in
junction, C. B.' Shaver and C. A. Musick,
was filed for $1000. The attorney for the
trust company la J. Dalzcll Brown of San
Francisco, who is also its vice president
and agent.
On the other hand, the flume company
denies that it owes bondholders or
has made any default," either of taxes or
interest. It is stated Uiat there are sixty
eight bonds .outstanding. Three others
were Issued, but have , since been paid.
It- is pointed out that if the advertise
ment of sale, continues it will tend to
cast a cloud on the title of, the property,
subject the company to annoying litiga
tion and damage It beyond any adequate
remedy. "For these reasons the injunc
tion was asked, and upon this showing it
was issued. . . ' ' ; ~ :„•;.
The action of ' the trust company . is
based on a deed .which was executed by
the flume company In 1892 to secure.' a
bond issue of $300,000, with the proceeds
of which the company planned to com
plete work that was then under way. It
is claimed that default has been made
in the interest on five • bonds owned by
Charles Osgood Hooker, and that- the six
months' time allowed after such default
has expired. , In accordance with a clause
In the deed of trust, which provided that
the bondholders in case of default might
declare the whole debt due arid advertise
the property for sale, or bring foreclosure
proceedings, or apply, to take over -the
control and operation of the property on
their own account, the bondholders elect
ed to advertise the property f or " sale.
Formal demand for the payment of the
principal, $300,000, and Interest to the
amount of $2509 45 was made on August
5, and, as no heed was paid, , the adver
tisement of sale was proceeded with: : -•
FRESNO, Oct. 23.— Trouble continues to
pile up for the Fresno Flume and Irriga
tion Company. Besides the case of Miller
& Lux, who seek to enjoin the use of
water from the tributaries of the San
Joaquln River, it is fighting for life with
the California Safe Deposit and Trust
Company of San Francisco, which has ad
vertised the property of the flume com
pany for sale under a deed of trust.
Upon the application of L. L. Cory and
TV. S. Goodfellow. the attorneys for the
flume company, Judge Austin this morn
ing-issued an order restraining the sale
or advertising for sale of the company's
property, which was to have taken place
in San Francisco on October 29. The ad
vertisement; a copy of which is filed with
the papers, is being published in a San
Francisco paper.
, "The - final arrangements were com
pleted' while I was away," said McKay.
"My intervlpw, with Mr. ¦ Swift In ; Chi
cago • a , day • or bo ago clinched the mat
ter. We expect to raise cattle on a large
scale and as soon as possible will have
the ranch thoroughly stocked. The con
ditions are excellent where we are located
and with the large acreage, on which we
have a ten-year . lease, I think the com
pany should be "able to supply a : large
demand." * - v - - .'
.- It is' largely through the efforts of Fer
nald and Ealand that the organization of
the new company , has 'been completed.
They have been in partnership In. the cat
tle ' business ' for the r past ~ year,' having
leased a ranch of • about "150,00ft acres in
Mexico, andout of this venture the 'new
combination has grown. ' "" Y '. . '
The corporation is limited, the directors
holdirs the entire ¦ capital stock. The
company has leased SoO.wv; acies of graz
ing land in Mexico, near Douglas, Ariz.,
and as fast as, possible is ; stocking the
tract. Three hundred thousand head: of
cattle have been turned out there. Ealand
and Fernald' will have the | management
of the company, the former being super
intendent of the ranch and the latter at
tending to the outside, business. . Presi
dent, McKay; returned to Santa Barbara
yesterdav, morning from- a business trip
East and spoke freely of the pla ns of
the company- .... »¦ - ¦• v*;.-'r"
SANTA BARBARA," Oct. 23.— A num
ber of Santa Barbara capitalists have'per
fected a cattle combine which will do
business' under the laws of the State _ of
Arizona. The capital stock is $100,000.
The company has incorporated under the
name of. the Santa Barbara Cattle Com
pany, with the following officers:, Presi
dent, A. H. McKay of Santa Barbara;
directors— L. P. Swift of Chicago, R.
Cameron Rogers, A. H. McKay, C. W.
Ealand and Charles Fernald • of Santa
Barbara. .
Special Dispatch" to | The Call.
EUREKA. Oct. 23.— Mrs. E. D. Porter,
wife of the manager of trie lumber yard
at Newburgr, and daughter or E. J. Dodge
of Alameda, president of the, company. Is
a heroine In the lumber settlement In
and about Fortuna. By her remarkable
presence of mind and bravery she averted
a collision between three runaway lumber
cars, heavily loaded, and an engine.
Three loaded lumber cars standing In
the yards at Newbur^ suddenly started' to
roll down the gTa^e leafllng- to the point
of conjunction with the San Francisco
and Northwestern tracks. Their velocity
after traveling some distance became ter
rific. A short distance txhead of the cars
and in the pathway of the runaways stood
the engine. Yard Boss Nelson, taking in
the perilous situation, signaled to the en
gineer, who instantly opened wide the
throttle and the engine started down the
track pursued by the three rapidly mov
ing cars. The lumber yard at the op
posite end of the track was notified by
telephone. Mrs. Porter was in the office,
owing to the absence of her husband,
and received the message, She rushed to
the switch Just in time to throw it open
and give the engine an outlet to the
Valley Railroad. As the engine thundered
past her the switch was again closed and
an instant later the three cars rushed
past her and plunged into the ditch at
the side of the roadr All three cars were
completely wrecked. If the engine had
not been able ,to .secure the outlet to
the Valley Railroad it would have suf
fered the fate of tho runaway cars and
been demolished, with certain loss of life.
Special Dispatch to The Call
Throws Open Switch for
Him to Escape Run
away Cars.
Lease a Large Tract of
Rich Grazing Land -
in Mexico. ,
Secures Order of Court
Restrain ing Sale of
Property.
CATTLE RAISERS
FORM A COMBINE
FLUME COMPANY
FIGHTS FOR LIFE
PLUCKY WOMAN
SAVES ENGINEER
BOUNTEOUS entertainment
will be provided to-day
for tho visiting bankers
who have attended the annual
convention of the American
Bankers' Association.
The local entertainment com
mittee, representing every bank
in. the State of California, will
be the hosts of the visitors and
their friends. The financiers
have had the choice of taking
one of four trips.
A special train will leave this
morning at 8:45 from the South
ern Pacific depot at Third and
Townsend streets, bound for
Del Monte. The guests of the
committee will be given a drive
around Monterey to-day and
will be quartered at the Del
Monte Hotel until to-morrow
morning, when the special train
will return to San Francisco.
The New York bankers will
leave for Del Monte and Los An
geles on their famous "train de
luxe," which was sent to Cali
fornia by the New York Central
Railroad in charge of M. C.
Eoach, the general Eastern pas
senger agent of the Vanderbilt
lines.
The famous train of the New
YoTk Central will stop at Del
Monte, Santa Barbara, Los An
geles and then proceed East, via
Arizona.
A special train will leave this
morning at 10 o'clock via the
California Northwestern road en
route to the Asti Colony vine
yards. The bankers and their
friends will be taken through
the wineries and will be enter
tained at luncheon. The re
turn to San Francisco will be in
the evening.
Another special .train will
leave at 10 o'clock this morn
ing, conveying guests bound f ot
Mount Tamalpais, where the
visitors will be given a boun
teous luncheon. This party will
also return to San Francisco
this evening.
Another delegation will be
taken to Stanford University
and San Jose, leaving the depot
at Third and Townsend streets
at 9 o'clock this morning. The
party will be escorted through
the university and then proceed
to San Jpse, where it will be en
tertained and return to this city
in the evening.
BANKERS WILL
ENJOY TRIPS
INTO COUNTRY
EXECUTIVE COUNCIL OF AMERICAN BANKERS' ASSOCIATION THAT WAS ELECTED TO OFFICE YESTERDAY
Vic* Presidents— Alabama. W. H. Manly,
cashier Birmingham Trust and Savings Com
pany. Birmingham ; Alaska, W. Hummers,
president First National Bank. Juneau; Ari
zona. J. M. Porter, president First National
J.ar.k, Globe. Ariz.; Arkansas, John G. Fletch
er, president German National Bank, Little
Rock; California, James K. Lynch, cashier
First National Bank, San Francisco; Colorado,
F. G. Moffatt, cashier First National Bank.
Denver; Connecticut. M. H. Whaples. president
Commercial Trust Company, Hartford; Dela
ware. William R, Brinckles, vice president Se
curity Trust and Safe Deposit Company, Wil
mington; District of Columbia, M. E. Ailes,
vice president Rlggs National Bank, Washing
ton, D. C. ; Florida, J. T. Dismukes, president
First National Bank, St. Augustine; Georgia,
Jchn II. Hogan, cashier Germania Bank, Ba
vannah; Idaho, W. F. Kettenbach, president
ijfvrlsion National Bank. Lewiston: Illinois.
William George, president Old Second National
Hank. Aurora; Indiana, Mord Carter, president
FJrst National Bank, Danville; Indian Terri
tory. F. S. Genung, president First National
Bank, McAlester; Iowa, C. H. Kock, president
citizens' National Bank, Washington; Kansas,
Jarne* T. Bradley, cashier First National Bank.
Sedan; Kentucky, Henry C. Walbeck, cashier
'Jertnan Insurance Bank, Louisville; Louisiana,
W. B. Rogers, president Interstate Trading and
Hanking Company, New Orleans; Maine,
Thomas H. Eaton, cashier Chapman National
Hank. Portland; Maryland, James R. Edmunds,
vice president National Bank of Commerce,
Baltimore; Massachusetts, Robert B. Falr
hairn. president National Rockland Bank. Bos
ton; Michigan, H. C. Potter, vice president
State Savings Bank, Detroit; - Minnesota,
D. S. Culver, cashier German- American
National Bank. St. Paul; Mississippi. B. W.
Griffith, president First National Bank. Vlcks
burg; Missouri, J. P. Huston, cashier Wood &
££ustcn Bank. Marshall: -Montana, Alden J.
JVnnett, president Madison State Bank, Vir
ginia City; N'brafka. George W r . Post, presi
dent First National Bank, York: Nevada. T.
B Rickey, president State Bank and Trust
Company. Carson City; New Hampshire,
Otlvin Page, president New Hamuchlre Na
tlcr.al Bank. Portsmouth; New Jersey, Fred
erick G. Egner, treasurer Fidelity Trust Com
pany. Newark: New Mexico. H. J. Anderson,
president First National Bank. Alamogordo:
New York, Charles H. Stout, vice president
Liberty National P.ank. New York City; North
< arolina. J. Klwood Cox. president Commercial
National Bank. High Point: North Dakota,
H. R. Lyon. president First National Bank.
Muridon: Ohio. -Thomas H. Wilson, vice presi
dent First National Bank, Cleveland; Okla
l!-T,* T<irr:tor y. G. A. Nelson, cashier Capital
National Bank. Guthric; Oregon J. Frank
\%at>.on president Merchants' National Bank.
Portland; Pennsylvania. E. C. Eraeriek. preti
!. t-u«jaeh8r.na Trust Company. WHIlarns
port: Rhod* Island. F. Tompklns, president
Trust Company. Newport; South
Carolina, J. F. Flcken. rreeldent South Canv-
Kna Lr«in ar.d Trurt Company. Charleston;
t Ot '} b - DlU "* a - " •*¦ Meldill, cashier Bcies-
Tord fctav Bank. Rerwsford: Tennessee C. M.
Pr-ften cashier Hamilton Trust and 'savings
Rank. Chattanooga; Texas. Edwin Chamber
!»in, vice president Alarao National Bank San
Antonio; Utah. L. H. Fer:isworth. ca'shJer
talker Bros.. Salt Lake City; Vermont LevI
If. Bixby. cashier Mor.tpeller National Bank
Montpeller: Virginia. J. b. FIrtburne. vice
rr**1dwU National Exchange Bank. Roanoke;
Washington. W. M. Shaw, assistant cashier
Exchange National Bank. Spokane: West Vir
ginia, 3. D. Be ices, vice president Kanawha,
Members for three years: D. Sloan, presi
dent Lonaconing Savings Bank, Lonaconing.
Md.; Arthur Reynolds, president Des Moines
National Bank, Des Moines, Iowa; W. T.
Fenton, vice president National Bank of the
Republic, Chicago, 111.; James T. Harden,
president Whitney National Bank. New Or
leans, La..; John Ekelton Williams, president
Richmond Trust and Safe Deposit Company,
Richmond, Va.; Lutber Drake, cashier Mer
chants' National Bank. Omaha, Nebr.: A. H.
Wiggin. vice president National Park Bank,
New York City; A. V. Lone, \-ice president
National Exchange Bank, Dallas, Tex.; A.
A. Crane, cashier National Bank of Com
merce. Minneapolis. Minn.; C. L. Fan-ell,
ilce president Fort Dearborn National Bank.
Chicago, I1L.
ELECTED VICE PRESIDENTS.
always be on hand for any of them who
happened to be in the vicinity of Mr.
Hardy's home in Norfolk, Va_ *
Ex-President Hardy accepted the gift
in a felicitous speech, and said that if he
had known the presentation was to be
made he "would have arranged for some
thing substantial to be used in the punch
bowl for the donors of the handsome
TO FILL VACANCIES.
The following officers for the association
were then declared duly elected:
Cx«catiT« council: W. K. Coffin, vice
prestdest and cashier Eau Claire National
l'-ank. Eau Claire, Wls.; H. It." Dennis, presi
dent Sioux Kails Savings Bank, Sioux Falls,
6. D.: Mills B. L<ane, president Citizens'
Rank. Savannah, Ga. ; William Livingston,
president Dime Savings Bank. I>etroit. Mich.;
<"h&rl«?s M. Sawyer, president First National
Hank, Norton, Kanp.
Ex-officlo members of the executive coun
cil: CaiJwell Hardy, president Norfolk Na
tural Hank, Norfolk, Va.; F. G. Bljjelow,
{•lenient First National Bank. Milwaukee,
\V:s. : Lj-n-.an J. Gage, president United States
Trust Company, New York City; Logan C.
Murray, president American National Bank.
Louisville. Ky. ; Charles Parsons, president
Htate National Bank, Bt. Louis. Mo.; Mor
ton McMioiiael. vice president First National
Hank. Philadelphia. Pa.; M. M. White, presi
dent Fourth National Bank. Cincinnati. Ohio;
Hubert J. Lowry. president Lowry National
liur.lt, Atlanta. Ga. : Joseph C. Hendrix, presi
dent National Bank of Commerce, New York
<*ity; George H. Russel, president State Sav
ings Bank, Detroit, Mich.; Walker Hill, presi
dent American Exchange Bank. St. Louis,
Mo.; A Hah Trowbridjje, vice president Com
monwealth Trust Company, New York City;
Myron T. Herrlck, president Society for Sav
ings, Cleveland, Ohio.
EXECUTIVE COUNCIL MEMBEBS.
Members for two years: John L. Hamil
ton, cashier Hamilton & Cunningham, Hoopes
ton. 111.; J. J. Sullivan, president Central
National Bank. Cleveland, Ohio; Ralph Van
Yechten. cashier Cedar Rapids National Bank,
Ocar Rapids, Iowa; J. Tt. McAllister, cashier
Franklin National Bank, Philadelphia, Pa.;
Joteph G. Brown, president Cltliens' Na
tional Bank, Raleigh. N* C: P. C. Kauff
ms-n, caFhier Fidelity Trust Company, Ta
ccima. Wash.; James M. Donald, vice presi
dent Hanover National Bank, New York City;
E. F. Swinney, president First National Bank,
Kansas City, Mo.; F. H. Fries, president
Wachovia Loan and Trust Company, Wins
ton. N. C. ; William G. Mather, president
American Truet Company, Cleveland, Ohio.
htrs of the .American Bankers' Associa
tion held their retiring president, and in
their name Colonel Lowry presented to
Mr. Hardy a massive silver punch bowl,
snd informed the delegates that it would
In a graceful speech typical of the gen
erosity of the South Colonel Lowry told
of the love and esteem in which the mem-
President Caldwell Hardy -was succeed
ed by FVank G. Blgelow, president of the
First National Bank of Milwaukee, Wls.
E. F. Swinney, president of the First
National Bank of Kansas City, Mo., was
elected vice president of the association,
and the vacancies In the executive council
<aused by the annual retirement of of
ficers were filled as follows:
James K. Wilson, president San Francisco
National Bank, San Francisco, Cal. : J. D.
Powers, president of the National Trust Com
pary, Louisville. Ky. : J. R. Mitchell, vice
president Wlnona Deposit Bank, Winona,
Minn.; Jsrr.es B. Finley. president Fifth Na
nanl Bank, Pittsburg, Pa.; Stephen M. Gris
veld. president Union Bank, Urookiyn, N*. Y.
President Hardy inducted his successor
lmo office and delivered a short speech, in
which he spoke of the attributes of the
incoming president, and then invested him
with the gold official badge.
Vice President Swinney was also the re
cipient of an official gold badge, and as
the retiring president. Caldwell Hardy,
was about to take a seat on the rear of
the platform he was brought forward by
Colonel Lowry of Atlanta, Ga., and re
quested to "wait a minute."
THE closing of the convention of
the American Bankers* Associa
tion was marked yesterday by the
felicitations extended to the out
going and incoming officials.
James K. Wilson of
This City Is
Honored.
Silver Punch Bowl
Presented to
C. Hardy.
CONVENTION OF FINANCIERS TERMINATES WORK AND ELECTS
ITS OFFICERS WITH F. G. BIGELOW OF MILWAUKEE AS PRESIDENT
Delegates Visit
the Cliff House
and Beach.
Crowds Witness
Big Athletic. .
Events.
Continued on Page 11, Column 4.
THE visiting 1 bankers enjoyed •
flne) athletic entertainment at
Sutro Baths yesterday afternoon.
tendered to them by the bankers
of San FYanclsco. It was a great
success In every particular and each
act was loudly applauded by an
immense audience of more than 3000 peo
ple. William Greer Harrison had full
charge of the different events.
The programme was varied and of a
highly interesting and instructive char
acter, i
For the first time In the annals of
athletics the fair sex witnessed boxing
bouts that were In earnest. The men who
fought before the assembled bankers an."
the fair sex battled for trophies and the
ladles enjoyed the heavy going. Gore
was spilled and hard punches were ex
changed. It was a novel sight for the
ladles to see the men come Into the ring
and be attended by their seconds: to
listen to the gong sound and to watch
the reTeree separate the men in the
clinches. The climax was reached when
Joe Collins; the clever Olympic Club light
weight, dropped ''Nobby" Otts for the
count on two occasions. Ott3 was knocked
out and the ladies hissed Collins for what
they thought was brutality.
John J. Gleason brought on the wres
tlers first and the exciting matches were
highly appreciated.
William Larkin secured two straight
falls from G. "\V. Freeman. A. A. Pnclt
witz defeated C. D. Penthony, champion
of the coast, in quick fashion. Pockwitz's
showing created a sensation. Emil
Tschumi proved too strong and clever
for G. H. Williams, whom he defeated in
two straight falls! C. B. Beardon had a
hard time pinning F. M. Vecki's shoulders
to the pad, but he did so after strenuous
work. All the wrestlers were pupils of
George S. Miehling. wrestling instructor
of the Olympic Club. H. Smith was
referee.
DeWitt Van Court assisted John J.
Gleason In bringing off the four-round
bouts. Al Lean handled the men and
sent the club representatives into the
arena In perfect shape. Eadie Mervin
Graney ¦was referee and Sam Berger and
William Cartwright were the Judges.
Fred Butz was timekeeper.
Lew Powell made a monkey of*. I.
Hughes in their four-round bout and
earned the decision. Joe Collins knocked
out "Nobby" Otts in the second round.
Jo« Kano secured a decision over Dick
Cullen after four rounds of fast boxing.
Joe Carroll, the featherweight champion
of the coast, was all over J. Tenney in
their battle, winning easily.
The aauatic part of the entertainment
also came in for a. treat deal of praise.
Sundbors won the 100-yard handicap
swimming tost for the Lurline Club, and
Alex Pape carried off the honors for tho
same trial for the Olympic Club. Profes-
THE SAK FB AKCJSCQ CALL, SATUEDAY, OCTOBER 24.. 1903.
7
ADVERTISEMENTS.
INTERNATIONAL BANKING CORPORATION
INO. 1, \JVf\\^t-* ST.. NBW YORK
Capital, $3,947,300. Surplus and Undivided Profits, $4,044,973.37.
WILLIAM L. MOTER..' J^ re9lde "*
JOHX HUBBARD «£r^»rv
JAMES H. ROGERS VV;A lt«?^
CHARLES D. PALMER -A**, to Pres dent
. WILLIAM B. WIGHTMAN Asst. to President
JOHV B LEE - -• General Manager
WILLIAM H. MACiNTTRE!""".!! - Asst - °* nl 8^
ALEXANDER & GREEN Counsel
FISCAL AGEXTS FOR THE UNITED STATES' IN CHINA AND THE PHILrP-
PINB ISLANM. DESIGKATED DEPOSITORY FOR THE FUNDS OF THE GOVEKX-
MENT OF THE PHILIPPINE ISLANDS. -\
BRANCHES:
Trtvnnv .- JOHN C. BTOD, Maniger
«v FRAVrisCO FRANCIS E. BECK. Manager
WAffllNCTOV DC f •• J - SELWIN TAIT. Manager
r-TTV OP MEXICO LIONEL H. MILLER. Manager
x.imtt a M*"^ w ROBERT W. BROWN. Marager
M £vr-i£rWri" """"" '.'.'. CHARLES R. SCOTT. Manager
vnvnnnu * HERBERT C. GULLAXD. Manager
cuivrwit JAMES S. FEARON. Agent
SINGAPORE .'.'I!I"!I!II!"!I ANWTL RICHARDS. Manager
. AGENCIES.
nnMTlAY CALCUTTA MADRAS, PENANG. RANGOON. COLOMBO. AMOT. CANTON.
LNTfflWTONTSlJJ. TANSUl. ANPING, BAKAN. MOJI. SAIGON.
HAiSlvl^. B i»r. BA^ aKOK^ BATAVIA s A MARANG. SOURABATA.
CORRESPONDENTS IN ALL PARTS OF THE WORLD.
'' : --' : DIRECTORS.
THOMAS H. HUBBARD. Chairman of the Board New Torlt
JAMES W. AI^XANDER.....^^^^^..^^..^;- - *~ Tor*
JTJLES S. BACHE..... NeW T ° rk
CLARENCE CART -'¦'^^- A^, La^ e «
-••»»»" mi r'B'RAl.LO'J • ..........*. ...New Torlt
JLAN M. lud*^ M CebaUo9 & qq # commission Merchants
EDWARD F.CRAGIN....- n o ; Vw Broad w«." .....New Tor*
W. MURRAY CRANE.. ..^.^..^^.^...-^^^.^^ Daltoa
GEORGE CROCKER.. .^. i .. i . ; .^.^. i » — ;^-- r --^- V San Francisco
EUGENE DELANO .^ Ntw Tort
M4.RCELLUS MARTLET DODGE... ......-..• .--- New Tor*
MARCEi>^uo Director, Equitable Life Assurance Society
oirr vtt«tteR C. DUNHAM "-• Hartford
STLVESi^n > President. Travelers' Insurance Comoany of Hartford
„.. _ .— lrrgKE ..^.. .^. ......... .New Tork
HAL.- 1 "±a •• vjce president. Metropolitan Life Insurance Company
EDWIN GOULD.... •p^ 8 wenCsc*£^lisouthw«iemR.R. New Tork
ISAAC OUGG*^^^^"*^^ N>W T<Wk
EDWARD Hi HARRIMAN..^™^^.^.^^..^^.... New Tork
JOHN R. HEOEMA *p^VdVnC MetropoUtan' LlVe Insurance Company
WILLIAM O. HENSHAW Pre ; {^ n i; ' " skVinW "iink °* k1 ***
ERSKINE HEWITT w Vth Cooper.' 'Hewi it*' Co.'.'MercbwU New Tork
JOHN HUBBARD....... <-. friaiurir; ' New Tork
HENRT K. HL^TINGTO^.^..^^^^ New Tork
JAMES H. HTDB ;j > --Yice'Prw{den^"E^
JOHN B. JACKSON j^^ .^-^^ }i^tal
LUTHERKOWTZE..........^.^.^..^— ¦•^••^ • New Tork
JOHNJMCCOOK.. •-bVAi^naei-A-GrVetLiwV^ -New Tork
HENRT P. McINTOSH.... i^ i^.^... i .j ;¥i^ {v^^ iV ...... Cleveland:
WILLIAM Hf M^T^E^..^. eVii;^..^. u . iU »^ New Tork
PIERRE MALI •••• o VH;nrV*wVT;M^riV^"/M;rchkntV'''*'' New Tork
ttb-t>jt»— B MANNING • -t.. New Tork
HENR- S. M^"" Mannl3C# Maxwell & Moore. Merchaati
WILLIAM L. MOTER^..^.^.^..^.^.^.^..^..^^;..^^. New Tork
ALLAN W.PAIGE. c^^IaNLiw
WTT7JHT CLAT PIERCE • •••• St. Loais
HEBttl Chairman, Mexican Central Railway Company. Ltd
WUXIAMAREAD... y^^^Xi^'^i^ ***
HOWARD S. RODGERS ClaclnnaM
, HUW . / Vlc» President. Merchants' National Bank
OFORGEH. RUSSEL Detroit
GEOKUB «. President, State Sartors Bank
WILLIAM SALOMON- • ..New Tork
" I1 T" Of William Salomon & Co., Bankers
ROBERTA. C. SMITH.. New Tork
¦;¦ ° ,. • PrenMent. American Mall Steamship Company
ALFRED G. VANDERBILT New Tork
CHARLES A.5WHITTIER.. New TorJc
** , , Treasurer, American-China Development Company
San Francisco Branch: 32-34 Sansome SL
¦' ¦•• ¦ " 1 A General Banking • Business Transacted.
: Accounts of Corporation*. Firms and Individuals Solicited.
- Loans Made on Liberal Terms on Approved Securities.
- . - Foreign and Domestic Exchange Bought and Sold. -¦ ¦ _-- •_•
Traveler*' vA Oommereial Letters of Credit Granted, available In any Part of the World.
ira™ien. interest-Bearing Certificates of Deposit Issued for Fixed Periods.
¦-':'-¦ . Interest Allowed to Banks on Current Daily Balances.
Special Rate* given to Bank* Keeping Accounts with us and Drawing Direct oa am
Branches and Agents Throughout the World.
1- X 1 :' ' CORRESPONDENCE INVITED. ""-¦•• ,
Please note that the INTERNATIONAL BANKING CORPORATION Is to no way eonaecU*
With tb« INTERNATIONAL BANK * TRUST COMPANT Oy AMERICA.J. A. Filcher, one of California's Commissioners to
the St. Louis Exposition, has returned with the as
surance that the State will have all the space it
::cetls at the great fair. It remains with the people
of the State, therefore, to fill that space worthily and
completely to the credit of the vast interests of Cali
fornia. Not a foot should be spared to the display of
anything that is not of the best
Governor Pardee has 6et loose upon the public, by
official appointment, a new batch of colonels. This
ir- good for the tradesmen, for the purveyors of gold
lace, the glittering baubles of peace-nursing war
riors and the product of the professional photog
rapher. It is not altogether wrong that on occasion
we permit our fellow citizens to be vain by due
process and authority of law
Special Information supplied dally tn
business houses and public men by tha
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 230 Cali
fornia street. Telephone Main 10C •
Townsend's California glace fruits and
candles, 60c a pound, in artistic firs
etched boxes. A nice present for Eastern
friends. 715 Market St.. above Call bldg. •
NEW YORK. Oct. 23.— The following
Californians have arrived in New York:
San 1 Francisco— J. C. Astreda, at the St.
George; Miss Davel, .at the Grand Union;
Mrs. A. H. Jackson. II. Jackson, Mrs.
M. H. Jones. Mrs. H. M. Miller, at the
Manhattan; M. Siminoff, at the Broadway
Central; Mrs. J. Sorpers, at the Man
hattan; T. Waymats, at the Grand Union;
R. Brown, at the imperial: Miss Pills
bury. Mrs. Van Sicklen, Mrs. D. Van Slck
len, F. D»-Van Sicklen, at the Manhat
tan; S. H. Ackerman, at the Hoffman;
W. G. Barrett and wife, at the New
Amsterdam; E. Pierce, at the Broadway
Central.
Oakland— H. Chllds, . W. T. Knox, at
the Broadway Central.
Los Angeles— Miss Alexander, at the
Herald Square: F. L. Johnson, at tho
Vendome; E. O. Simons and wife, at the
Union 8auare.
Californians in New York.
Channing Ellery, the well known band
manager , has arrived in the city to ar
range for a series of concerts to be given
by his band, beginning November 1.
Robert Brewster and John B. Adams,
wealthy young men of New York, .who
have just returned from a hunting expe
dition in Alaska, are registered at the
Palace.
. Dr. Nelson Jackson of Burlington, Vt.,
who made a trip across the continent
from this city In an automobile last year,
arrived here yesterday with his wife and
is staying at the Palace.
PERSONAL MENTION.
Dr. R. Gross of Eureka is at the Lick.
Dr. J. D. Ball of San Juan is at the
Occidental.
Dr. J. B. McAneny of Johnstown is at
the Occidental.
State Prison Director Don Ray of Gait
is at the Lick.
Postmaster W. G. Hawley of San Jose
Is at tho Occidental.
Rev. Charles E. Rice of Circle City,
Alaska, is at the Occidental.
Rev. J. P. McPhle of Picton, Nova
Scotia, is at the Occidental.
Mrs. Custer, widow of the late General
Custer, spent a few hours In the city yes
terday prior to her departure for the
Orient. v •
K. Porter ranch, comprising 16.430 acres
in the San Fernando Valley, has been
purchased by a- syndicate of Los Angeles
capitalists for $575,750. The syndicate is
composed of E. H. Harrtman, II. E. Hunt,
ington. A. B. Hammond, W. G. Kerck
hoof. General H. G. Otis, J, F. Sartori.
George C. Hunt, E. T. Earl and George
K. Porter.
Invest a Half Million in Land.
LOS ANGELES, Oct. 23.— The George
OVER NIAGARA— Subscriber Alameda.
Cal. On July 12, 18S6, Carlisle D. Graham,
a cooper of Buffalo, N. Y.. Inclosed In a
barrel of his own make.. made the.pas
sage of the whirlpools below Niagara
Falls in safety. The cask used by Gra
ham was seven feet long, weighted to
float upright. Inclosed in this he floated
the seven miles of pools and rapids in
something over an hour, but was nearly
suffocated before he was drawn out. Ex
cept on a trial of the Maid of the Mist.
a little steamer, in 1S61, no living being
was previously known to have made thla
passage.
DOUBLE PEDRO— K. B., Los Banos.
Cal. If in a game of double pedro A and
partner want 8 to go out and B and part
ner want 1 to go out and A makes high,
game, jack and right pedro and B makes
low and the other pedro. B goes out. The
game Is counted according to the rule of
high, low, game. Jack and pedro. and In
the case cited B having made a point
which was the second one In the order
of counting, he was entitled to go out.
The benefit for the widow and children
of the unfortunate aeronaut, William
Beals, that will be given at Coney Island
Gardens at the ocean beach Sunday after
noon, promises to be well patronized.
Beals was killed while making a balloon
ascension and his family was— left in a
destitute condition. The management de
cided to render financial assistance and
will give the receipts of Sunday's show to
the charity.
Among the artists who will contribute
entertainment' are Carter -and- -Mendel!.
Fletcher and Douglas, Dalton and Lewis,
the great Lawson, Miss Nellie Bruce, Alf
Leo, Jack and Harry Maynard and Jlm
mie Carroll. There will.be three balloon
ascensions, one by Soldier Ware, another
by Professor Fontaine and another by
Miss Madge Emerton.
Coney Island Gardens Will Be Given
Over to Cause of Charity on
Sunday.
BENEFIT FOB, FAMILY
OF AERONAUT BEALS
We promise that the aggregation of such reports
will show a state of facts that will rouse the fruit
growers from one end of the State to the other.
The inquiry of the board will not be confined to the
local nor the American market. Our fruit in all forms
goes to far London and is yearly extending its range
in continental Europe. Recently the possibility of
exporting fresh fruit to Asia has been demonstrated.
Fresh fruit has been shipped from Santa Clara to
Manila, being five weeks in transit, with incomplete
coM storage, and arrived in good condition with less
than the usual percentage of loss. While the Manila
market may not be able to absorb large quantities
the prices are # high for what it does take.
The best lesson of this experimental shipment is in
its proof of the keeping and shipping qualities of our
fresh fruit. If it will bear that long voyage into the
tropics the horizon of our fruit growers is indefinitely
enlarged. It is "a great, growing and permanent in
'erest, justifying the prophecy of Horace Greeley that
California's future is in her capacity as a producer of
.-- jrreatcr variety of fruits than any other part of the
cr.rth. Let our fruit growers bestir themselves in
"jchalf of the Board of Trade inquiry and let them
—member that they are something more than grow
-« of the best fruit in the world, for they are inter
tie and international merchants, with an interest in
cry market in the world in which any form of their
¦oduct finds a consumer.
THE inquiry instituted by the State Board of
Trade into the marketing of California fruit
is timely, for our fruit is seeking a wider and
more distant market and the profits of this extension
should conic back to the planter. We have no doubt
that if the proper returns of sales to the consumer
. ome back to the producer it will appear that fruit
grdtifing in California is the most profitable of rural
industries. The policy heretofore has been to permit
just enough of the price, willingly paid by the con
sumer, to trickle into the hand of the producer to
keep him producing.
Of course there arc hundreds of fruit growers in
this State who have prospered exceedingly and whose
condition Should be typical of all orchard and vine
yard planters in California. But these arc men who
join to horticultural skill a high commercial faculty;
they arc business men as well as producers. They
knou the wily svays of the predatory middlemen and
transact their own business and get the full value of
their product. The Call desires that every fruit
grower shall be as prosperous as these, who should
be types of the entire industry, and can see no road to
that realization except the one marked out by the
State Board of Trade. The producers should inter
est themselves in what the board proposes in their
behalf. They should supply it with facts and inci
dents. Each man who has been deprived of proper
return on his shipments has a keen recollection of the
event and should confide it to the board. Out of
several of such cases the board can frame a general
circular of inquiry, the blanks on which can be filled
by the frrit growers.
PORTEOUS CLUB— A Subscriber. City.
The Porteous Club of San Francisco is a
club for girls, wage earners, who work
all day and who at night desire a place
where they can find relaxation and once
a week be instructed in much that is use
ful. For full details of the working of
the club address a communication to Mrs.
Arthur Cornwall at the clubrooms, 305
Larkin street.
EXTENDING OUH FRUIT MARKET.
On Tuesday, Wednesday and Friday of
next week special services of an im-
I>ortant nature will be held in the evening.
On Thursday, November 5, tho sixty-sev
onth quarterly convention of the Golden
Gate Union of Christian Endeavorers will
meet. Much important work will be taken
up and many of the most prominent
Christian Endeavor workers In the city
will deliver interesting speeches on the
work of the society.
There will.be special music on Sunday,
and many of the prominent members of
the congregation' will deliver short ad
dresses and take part in the exercises. In
the evening there will be a special meet
ing of the Junior Christian Endeavor So
ciety, and several prominent speakers will
address the gathering on interesting top
ics.
The members of the parish of the
Fourth Congregational Church, on Green
street, near Stockton, are planning the
most elaborate and extensive reunion and
series of religious revivals. that has ever
been given under the auspices of the
church. The festivities will begin on
Sunday morning and will continue till
November 10. The newly elected pastor
of the church, Rev. T. L. Walz of Ver
mont, will be welcomed by the members
of his flock on Sunday, and he is to as
sume charge of the religious exercises
that will follow.
Church Plan Elaborate Series of
. Revivals and Meetings.
Members of Fourth Congregational
NEW PASTOB, WILL BE
3 r WELCOMED BY FLOCK
MASTERLY INACTIVITY — B. L..
Jamestown, Cal. The words "masterly
inactivity" were first applied- to McClel
lan's policy when in command of .an army
during the fall of 1561 and the spring of
1862. The weather at the time seemed fa
vorable to a campaign and "Little Mac's"
army was in excellent condition, yet no
advance was undertaken. His policy was
then spoken of as a policy of masterly
inactivity.
A CONFERENCE recently took place in Sac
ramento' between the official representatives
of the Sacramento Valley Development Asso
ciation and delegates from the Federation of Women's
Clubs of the Sacramento Valley. The purpose was.
to discuss the improvement and beautifying of the
towns and cities in the. Sacramento Valley. There
were 350 persons in attendance. The Sacramento
Union, reviewing the proceedings, says that "as an
assembly for consultation and exchange of views
prefatory to decisive action expected to be taken be
fore the next meeting in January the gathering was
a pronounced success. The belief was entertained all
around that the gathering has set in motion agencies
which will be fruitful of much good."
Men whose names are familiar in California when
ever any plan for the betterment of the State is
under consideration were speakers at the conference.
'The noteworthy fact, however, was the large partici
pation of women. Among the women delegates who
spoke* were Mrs. William Bcckman of Sacramento:
Mrs. W. S. Green, president of the Valley Federated
Clubs; Mrs. A. A. Goddard, president of the Tuesday
Club; Mrs. A. J. Johnston and Mrs. Dr. Wright of
Sacramento; Mrs. Groves, president of the Town Im
provement Club of Redding, and Mrs. Albert Elkus,
president of the Saturday Club of Sacramento.
• The remarks of the ladies are reported in substance
by the Union. From this account it is made plain
that they entertain practical, shrewd ideas that can
not fail to assist in the advance of the imperial valley
in which they dwell. How to beautiful the towns,
cities, villages, rural homes and country sections of
the Sacramento Valley as a means of making the val
ley more attractive and inviting to desirable immi
grants and to improve local conditions in such man
ner" as,.to stimulate the people to improve the advan
tages that nature has bestowed was the keynote of
their remarks.
Mrs. William Beckman would have better roads in
the valley, such as she has seen in Europe. Homes
should be made beautiful. The adornment of French
villages and hamlets, towns and .cities furnished ex
amples that California might follow with profit. Mrs.
Beckman said that the locations of schoolhouses
should be carefully selected to give them picturesque
surroundings. Parks, playgrounds "and the cultiva
tion of flowers she found to be factors that would
make Sacramento Valley attractive to new comers.
Mrs. A. J. Johnston and Mrs. Albert Elkus spoke
concerning methods of obtaining concerted action.
Mrs. Johnston said that it would be well to follow the
lead of the Women's Councils in the East, which em
brace all clubs of women. Together they are potent
in instituting improvements, which may be guided by
counsel and advice and promoted by good, hard work.
Mrs/ Dr. Wright desired to have existing and other
clubs to be- formed in Sacramento work for the im
provement of the section of Sacramento below Sixth
street, while Mrs. W. S. Green maintained that the
women's clubs of Sacramento could largely assist' in
the improvement of the entire Sacramento Valley.
Mrs. Groves of Redding, from the far end of the
valley, reported that the Woman's Town Improve
ment Club in that city, has succeeded in having the
grounds surrounding the new Carnegie library de
clared to Be a park. The club is improving and beau
tifying this park.
Mrs. Albert Elkus promised co-operation on the
part of the Saturday Club. Mrs. A. A. Goddard said
that while the Tuesday Club of Sacramento is purely
a literary organization she had no doubt it would use
its influence to aid in the improvement of the com
munities of the Sacramento Valley. Definite plans
will possibly be reported in January. In the delibera
tions then to take place doubtless the women. of the
Sacramento Valley will be prominent and helpful.
PUBLIC SPIRITED WOMEN
MEMBER OF CONGRESS— W. B-. City.
A member of Congress cannot, outside of
the Congressfonat hall, be called to ac
count for anything said in debate in the
body of which he is a member. This is
provided for In the first clause of articls
1. section 6 of the United States consti
tution.
DICE SHAKING— S., City. .If A. B and
C shake dice, each puts a similar amount
in the pot and A shakes three aces, then
B buys A's interest, then shakes and sets
three aces and C shakes three aces, if
there is no desire to shake off, then B la
entitled to two-thirds of the pot.
The wise men ol the law in Hawaii have decided
to place a contempt of court in the- category of infa
mous crimes punishable only on indictment by a
Grand Jury. This has all the earmarks of a deep
laid scheme to put all the justice-loving, peace
desiring citizens of Hawaii in jail. From what we
have heard of some courts in the islands contempt
of them is a sure sign of decency.
OLIVES— N., City. The horticultural
bureau. Sacramento, can supply you with
a pamphlet on olive culture and the man
ner of preparing the same for table use.
This department has not the space to de
scribe the method of curing olives for the
table and market.
STRIKE— B. A. JL, City. The first
American strike of which there is any
record is the one that occurred in- New
York City In 1741, when the Journeymen
bakers, having had their demand for
higher wages refused, left their work in
a body.
ELECTION-S., City. At the election
for Governor held In November, 1902. in
California, Lane, Democrat, received in
San Francisco 33.742 votes: Pardee. Re
publican, 21.106; Brewer. Socialist, 1903,
and Kanouse, Prohibition. 164.
STILL HUNT— Subscriber, Oakland.
Cal. In th© political sense "still hunt" Is
applied to a politician who quietly works
to secure support for himself without
having openly avowed his candidacy. He
Is said to be on a still hunt.
SOUTHERN HOTEL— Subscriber. City.
The date of the destruction of the South
ern Hotel. St. Louis, by flre was April 11.
1S77. It wag rebuilt and reopened In 1SS2.
SATURDAY OCTOBER 34, I9O3
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
Addrux AU Communicitionj to JOHN McNAUGHT, Manager-
Ask for THE CALL. The Operator Will Connect
You "With the Department Tou Wish.
rcULlCATIO.N OFFICE.. .Market and Third, 8. F.
EDITORIAL. ROOMS 217 to 221 Steven»o» St.
OeUrered by Carrier*, 20 Cts. Per W eek, 75 Cts.
Per Month. Single Copies 5 Cents.
Terms br Mall. Xndudlnr Poetate <C«h With Order) i
DAILY CALL (Including Sun<J»y>. cue year .»H.*5»
DAILT CALL < including 8nn<J«y>. « n»ntl>» ~ 4 iC
DA1LT CALL— By ElacU Monlfc _\?«
EUyPAT CAIJ.. On« Year *~JJ
WTEKl.Y CALL, Oo« Year *»
f D*J!t... »8-8° p «" Te * r Extr *
FOREIGN POSTAGE { Sunday.. 4.15 P«r Year Extr*
1 Weekly.. l-OO P«r Year Extra
All peitauster* are «otI>©H«ed «© reeelr*
irtil ¦ IgtM — r
6atnpl« eoplcs «l!l t» forwaxfled when re<rae«t«4.
Mall ratecrtben In crtferlcc ehan** of t&Artn »hould b«
parUcclax to tfTe both NEW AND OLD ADDRESS In order
w truure a. prompt and ccrrect ccmplUnoe with their request.
OAKUM) OFFICE.
XliB Broadwar Telephone Main 1O83
nEItKELEV OFFICE.
CMS Center Street Telephone JTorth 77
WASHINGTON CORRESPONDENT:
MORTOX E. CIIA5C 1400 O Street. K. W.
KEW TORS NEWS STANOS:
Waiacrf-Aatoria Hotel: A. Brentano. 31 Colon Square;
Ucrrar Bill Hctel; Firtb-arenue Hotel aad Hoffman House.
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
Ffc«nnan House; P. O. Hew% Co.: Great Northern Hotel:
tmnost Houae; Auditorium Hotel: Palmer House.
CHICAGO REPRESENTATIVE:
C GEORGE KROOESS Marqnette Building
tLonc Dlrtanee Telephone. •Central 2619.")
NEW YORK REPRESENTATIVE:
STEPHEN II. SMITH 3O Tribune Bnfldln*
NEW TORK CORRESPONDENT:
C. C CARLTOS Herald Square
BRANCH OFFICES— G27 Montgomery, corner cf Clay, open
cetll t:S0 o'clock. 800 Hayea, op»n until 8:S0 o'clock. 833
MeAlUater. open until 0:30 o'clock. CIS Larkin. open until
0:SO o'clock. 1SM1 Mission, open until 10 o'clock. 2201
Market, corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock. 1084 V».
UocU. open until 9 o'clock. 106 Eleventh, open until 9
o'clock. NE. corner Church and Duncan streets, open
eatll 8 o'clock. NW. corner Twenty-second and Kentucky,
epen until » o'clock. 2200 Flllroore. open until 9 o'clock.
Failures number 279 . In the United
States, compared with 239 last year, and
26 in Canada, against 22 a year ago.
. In Canada the failures for the week
number 25, as against 17 last week and 23
in this* week a year ago.
R, G. Dun & Co.'s weekly review of
trade to-morrow) will say:
-Numerous labor controversies have ap
peared and more "furnaces and mills have
closed, the tendency being to operate only
the plants provided with the most modern
equipment. There is no anxiety regarding
legislation at the special session of Con
gress, and' despite the curtailment of ac
tivity in many manufacturing lines a
heavy volume of business is being
transacted. Western traffic facilities are
proving inadequate, the distribution of
merchandise being enormous at the inte
rior, and taking- the country as a whole
conditions may be considered fairly satis
factory, although there are indisputable
evidences that an abnormal activity has
received a check. The jobbing trade has
become quiet with the advancing prices,
and at many points the weather Is not
colculated to maintain the buying of
wearing apparel at retail.
, The gross earnings of the railways thus
far reported for October exceed last year's
by 6.2 per cent. Another general reduc
tion in quotations of pig iron has occurred
notwithstanding the restriction of the out
put, and a movement Is on foot to further
reduce production unless business im
proves
NEW YORK, Oct. 23.-Bradstreet's to
morrow will say:
The week's developments have favored
an increase in the conservatism which has
ruled in many lines for some time. Buy
ing Is not confident, and smaller quanti
ties are taken than a year ago at this
time. Good reports combine to give an
appearance of Irregularity to the trade as
a whole. Railroad gross earnings are
more moderate than earlier in the year.
Season shutdowns of outside work on
railroad Improvements, suspensions of
iron furnaces and copper, coal and iron
mines have rendered many thousands of
persons Idle. On the other hand the long
standing curtailment of cotton mills is
becoming a thing of the past, and some
shutdown steel mills have resumed.
The grocery 1 trade Is active the country
over, with coffee showing most price
strength. The shoe trade is active. Holi
day goods are opening well and the out
look is regarded as favorable. More is
doing in hardware, and the building trades
are . working into better condition. The
iron and gteel trades do not show much
If any change. Pricen are weak.
.. Wheat (Including flour) exports for the
week aggregate 4,265,080 bushels, against
2,886,410 bushels last week and 7,069,137
bushels this week last year.
Business failures In the United States
for the week ending with October 22 num
ber 216, against 203 last week and 194 In
the like week of 1902.
BLANCHE PARTINGTON.
A quite artistic little affair was the
Bemberg "Ballade du Desespere." the
chief feature of the musical and dramatic
matinee given yesterday afternoon at the
Alcazar. The "Ballade" was given with/
the complete scenic settings by Miss FIot
ence Roberts as the poet (reader), • Mrs.
Birmingham as the singer. Wenzel Kop
ta, Theodore Mansfeldt and Miss Moroney"
in /he violin, "cello and piano parts, re
spectively. So given, this Bemberg set
ting of the Henri Murger poem is new
here, and proved charmingly effective.
One vital mistake— in the placing of the
number— was made, its coming at th«
close, when the invisible "voice" was
identified with Mrs. Birmingham, in a re
markably fetching pink gown, the piano
with the statuesque Moroney and the fid
dle and 'cello with their two players. This
all mattered. Murger's poem, is arranged
as a duet between a speaking voice (poet)
and a' singing voice — variously, fame, love,
wealth, death, etc.— that is heard at'h!*
garret door. The conflict of picture Is
obvious. Miss 1 Roberts charmed as the
poet, and Mrs. Birmingham made a much
prettier death to die than Mr. Crawley's
well remembered "Everyman." It was a
decidedly taking tableau at the close,
where the gray and white ; robed Angel
of Death bent over the dead poet. The
whole performance was smooth and suf
ficient, showing evidence of thorough and
thoughtful rerftarsal. "
The first half of the programme was
given over to some songs by Mrs. Bir
mingham and some delightful fiddling by
Wenzel Kopta. Mr. Kopta might not
have been in quite his best form at the
beginning of his group, but later warm
ed up to his usual fiery eloquence. The
Dvorak "Slavic Dance," with its plain
tive merry-making, was played with deli
cate romanticism, artd the "Air Hongrols"
of Ernst showed Mr. Kopta in brilliant
mood. The Konstkl "Cascade"— that al
ways rcjninds of a passing train— capped
his performance, however. It is great
fun, and gorgeously done by Mr. Kopta.
* Mrs. Birmingham's chief songs in her
ten well-chosen numbers wero the lovely
"Tschaikowsky Nur wer die Schnsucht
Kennt," with 'cello obligator two beauti
ful Gluck and Pergdlesi numbers, the
Strauss "Traum Durch die Dammerung"
and the exquisite "Geheimes" of Schu
bert. Mrs. Birmingham was In good voice
and mood. Miss Moroney competently ac
companied. _ . >> -
LONDON PAPERS—Subscriber. City.
The regular London dallies do not print
a Sunday edition. There are special Sun
day papers in that city.
, No man can tell how much of the spirit of Democ
racy is left in the party that still claims the name, but
to the extent that it exists it has no sympathy with
Mr. Lane and he no claim upon its support. There
is another element in his campaign that causes Demo
cratic solicitude. Confessedly it is collateral to Mr.
Hearst's organization to secure the Democratic nomi
nation to the Presidency. This is shown in the Ex
aminer's support of Lane. Heretofore they have been
in personal antagonism though in strict political af
finity. The}' both belong to the new school of De
mocracy, which stands for Government substitution
of all personal energy and enterprise. The working
plan of Mr. Hearst's Democracy would mean a nation
hybrid between Gronlund's co-operative republic and
Bellamy's dream of a lazy man's paradise. To the
virile Democracy of Jefferson such a scheme is intol
erable. The free man created by the doctrine of Jef
ferson would either commit suicide to escape the
Bellamyite system of Lane and Hearst or he would
put his energy into a revolution to make of Govern
ment a scheme for red-blooded men to live under in
stead of a machine in which men are mere cogs in a
wheel.
It is legitimate politics to appeal to genuine* Demo
crats to begin now the discouragement of the politics
of Lane and Hearst by refusing to support a ticket
which represents such a stew of undemocratic ideas
and policies. Mr. Lane has no claim upon their
votes, as they have no wish to help create the iri
descent revery which he calls government.
MR. LANE depends upon getting the Demo-,
cratic vote of the city, which is a # minority,
and hopes to add to it enough Republican
votes to make him Mayor. On no ground is he en
titled to Republican votes. The Republican party
has not controlled the government of this city for
many years, yet it is in the majority here. -All of the.
tales told about corruption and misgovernment im
mediately before the adoption of the new chapter and
since it became the fundamental law of . the* city
originate in public administrations of a mixed char
acter'or wholly controlled by anti-Republican combi
nations. Republicans are now ambitious to assume
whole control and undivided responsibility and Mr.'
Lane has no claim on their votes.
But has he anyjbetter claim on the votes of the real
Democrats? The r - declination of Mr. Crittenden
Thornton seems to have answered that question. The
Democracy represented by him and by gentlemen
like Mr. Cresweil and all of the old and straight party
men is not the Democracy of Mr. Lane. He be
longs to the neocracy of the party, to its recent and I
pin-feathered socialistic school, which stands for dif
fusion of the powers of government and their enlist
ment in such a diversity of enterprises as to dilute
their force, which should be concentrated and applied
to the political objects of government only.
Mr. Lane condemns his own school when he points
out the infinitude of ways in which the new charter
invades individual liberty, to impair it or coerce it j
or blackmail it into submission to official bossism.
As he claims fatherhood of the charter and takes that
view of its possibilities as an instrument of oppression,
he can find no fault if his kind of Democracy is judged
by its creation of the charter, which he impeaches of
such potency for evil. Clearly he belongs to a politi
cal school that is neither Republican nor Democratic,
but must be classed with socialism and communism.
The old Democracy was a conservative party. Its
long lease of porter in this country was due to its
stern defense , of sound finance and personal liberty.
Its purpose was to inculcate such a degree of inde
pendence and such a high' sense of the necessity of
public order and such respect for the law that but
little was left for the Government to do. Where
man governs himself the most he needs government
from any other source the least But Mr. Lane's
school weakens that spirit of personal independence
and righteous self-government and puts public au
thority and government agency in their place. f His
idea of government is that its hand shall be in all
personal affairs and its "thou shalt" and "thou shalt
not" shall be inscribed on the lintel of every man's
door. His intense egomania is present in all of his
speeches and runs to a declaration of his belief that
he is sent to lead men out of their individuality and
into the level paradise of socialism. His idea of De
mocracy has no more resemblance to the Jeffcrsonian
idea than a can of garbage has to a ragout.
Let any Democrat take the idea of Democracy ad
vocated by Mr. Lane and project it upon the great
screen of national politics and then trace in it, if he
can. any likeness to the ideas of Jefferson. He will
find that it means a greater New Zealand, where
government is in charge of everything and a majority
of the people are salaried public employes and only
two or three occupations are left open to private en
terprise. Projecting the scheme still-further he will
see in a few generations. the people deprived of per
sonal initiative, lost to all sense of personal responsi
bility and individual independence, weakened beyond
the possibility of caring for themselves and looking
to the Government to feed and care for them and
pension them in old age. Mr. Jefferson scorned the
theory that the Government should take care of the
people and to it opposed the sturdy and manly dec
laration that the people should take care of the Gov
ernment.
LANE AND DEMOCRACY.
QUITE ARTISTIC
AFFAIR IS GIVEN
AT THE ALCAZAR
SOME ANSWERS
TO QUERIES BY
CALL READERS
CONSERVATISM
OF THE BUYERS
IS INCREASING
Grand Army of the Republic has met twice. in this
city. This is mentioned particularly because it em
bodies a point that is well worth considering.
The Grand Army men have felt the advance of age
keenly in the last sixteen years. Nevertheless, older,
iewcr, feebler in body than when they first gathered
at the Golden Gate, they were glad to make the sec
ond pilgrimage across the continent to enjoy the de
lights of this city, while engaging in their annual de
liberations. Many other large national organizations
have met here since the Knights Templar in 1883 led
the way.
The people of San^ Francisco and Los Angeles, like
the shrewd observer of the Paso Roble3 Record, have
learned to estimate the real value that underlies great
conventions and assemblages. Paso Robles will cer
tainly profit by growth stimulated by knowledge.
San Francisco and Los Angeles, that are the conven
tion cities of the State by reason of having the facili
ties for entertaining large number's of visitors, have
.both grown in the past few years with, exceptional
speed. This is cause and effect exemplified.
The Grand Army returned, the Knights Templar
have decided to come again. This will be the "com
mon experience to be duplicated in many other in
stances. The Paso Robles Record speaks axiomati
cally when it says, "A lasting gain* will accrue; the
gue$ts went away well pressed." '
The whole matter is epitomized herein. Please the
people and they will conie again. Paso Robles has
succeeded in this, therefore she will be benefited be
yond doubt in the future. .The seed has been sown;
the harvest will be reaped later.
THE SAN FKAKCISCO CALL, SATUKDAY, OCTOBER 24, 1903.
The convention of the American Bankers' Asso
ciation in this city has afforded a conspicuous oppor
tunity for a comparison in newspaper work. Eleven
years ago the same association met in San Francisco
and its proceedings were given by the papers a daily
report of a column or two) a mere skeleton of
events. Now. the proceedings hive been given
more pages 'than they were- then given columns,
and to this have been added illustrations worthy of
magazines and discussions as accurate as if by ex-,
pcrts on finance
ATTENTION is editorially called by the Paso
Roblcs Record to the advantages which have
arisen locally by reason of holding the Grand
Encampment of Odd Fellows in Paso Robles. "A
lasting gain," declares the Record sagaciously, "will
accrue to this community from the large assemblage.
The guests went away well pleased with their visit.
One visitor from Alameda said, 'They told me that a
big hotel is all there is to Paso Robles, but I find you
have a nice town here.' That a resident of many years
in Alameda should not know of this place speaks
poorly of the advertising system of Paso Robles, but
the Alameda citizen knows Paso Robles now — speaks
favorably of the place— and hundreds of others from
all parts of California are likewise x well acquainted
with the town."
This is all true. The lesson that Paso Robles has
learned practically is the one that has become known
to San Francisco and to Los Angeles especially in the
larger way on the basis of national conventions. Both
San Francisco and Los Angeles have become noted
convention cities. The Grand Encampment of the
If Canadian excitement -over the Alaskan boundary
decision continues we may expect to see the whole
of British Columbia nervously prostrated, a most
lamentable prospect . to contemplate. Our northern
neighbors seem to think now, so tinged are their
thoughts with sarcasm, that while they won the case
they lost their territory, and in consistency should
seek annexation to the United. States. They should
reflect that Uncle- Sam. does not take kindly to sulk
ing children who have so long enjoyed the good
things of life that, justly or not, they demand them.
Enjoins Bank Officials/
Judge Murasky Issued ' an Injunction
yesterday preventing the officials of the
International Bank arid Trust" Company,
which was recently taken in hand by lilt.
Bank : Commissioners, from continuing
business. The injunction was issued on
complaint of Attorney . General Webb,
who sued .on request of the commissioners.
GAINS PROM CONVENTIONS
The Federal courts have decided that it is no
crime to attempt to counterfeit the coin of the nation
nor to seek to cheat the laws against smuggling.
Somebody with Spartan ideas of right and wrong
must have had much to do with. the framing of our
national penal laws. If getting caught only is an
offense we will have to make some radical modifica
tions in our code of good and evil.
San Jose has awakened to her splendid possibilities
and is vigorously bidding for tourist patronage. The
Garden City, now on the main continental line, will
.-oon possess another tremendous advantage in com
mon with every town between her and San Francisco.
The bay shore route of the Southern Pacific will
bring the farthest of these pretty towns as near to us
a« Oakland and the railroad people will probably rec
ognize the wisdom of a train schedule as fair as that
now in force to the bay towns.
8
TWO MORE INTERESTING FEATURES FOR CALL READERS.
Shop Talk and Science Chat
FOR THE MECHANIC. BUSINESS AND PROFESSIONAL MAN.
(Mondays and Friday* of Each Weak).
First article of this series will appear Monday, October 26th.
iooo or 1200 words twice a week. The principal contributor will
be MALCOLM McDOWELL, long political editor of The Chicago
Record, author of "Shop Talk on the Wonders of the Crafts."
Mr. McDowell has a rare gift for making "shop talk" on mechan-
ical marvels simple, instructive and entertaining to the average read-
er. In this series he will explain the mysteries of common things —
the uncommon in the common, and will make plain the intricacies of
current scientific inventions and discoveries.
There will be contributions from time to time also by men emi-
nent in science and manufacturing, business, etc.
The following are some of the topics to be treated:
On the Wire Between New York and Chicago.— How the extra
ordinary feat of sending four separate messages east and four separate
messages west simultaneously over a single wire is accomplished.
Marvels of Compressed Air.
Growing Rnw Paper in the Corn Belt.
What "High Pressure Gas" Accomplishes. .
The Story of a Baggage Check.
Doctoring Sick Iron.
The Life of a Railroad Ticket.
Making Dollar Watches.
Ancestors cf Modern Tools.
How Poisons Are Made.
Globe Trotting Mechanics.
The Making of Gas Light Mantles.
Reconstruction of "Cast-Offs."
Surprising Facts About Petroleum.
Centennial of the Automobile.
Adventurous or Amusing Experiences
of Wei I Known People.
(Enry Sunday). ' •.
About two columns each.
Fiction "isn't in it" with these stories. They are all narratives of
actual experiences which exemplify the proverb that "truth is stran-
gCr n fiction -" Among the writers are the following:
COL. F. T. CUMMINS, Indian fighter, army officer, director gen-
eral of Cummins' Indian Congress and honorary chief of the Sioux
-WILLIAM CHURCHILI DE MILLE, dramatist, author of
'The Forest Ring," etc.. and professor of dramatic literature.
MARSHALL P. WILDER
GENERAL. T. McMAHON.
SLNA1OR CHAUNCEY M DEPEW.
JUDGE NEWBURGER of New York.
WILLIAM FAVERSHAM, actor.
SENATOR THOMAS *C. PLATT. 1; . „
There will be many additional contributors. Every installment
will give the combination of a well-known name and an exceptionally
stnkuig story, making a very attractive Sunday feature.
Be sure to subscribe for The Call and follow this splendid series
of intensely interesting articles bv» tk* leading authorities of the
present day. ¦ ' ' "
COOK BOOK OFFER TO
CLOSE OCTOBER 30.
",\ - j . ' >: — : — - ¦.., :
The Call's Cook Book prem-
ium offer will close on October
30, 1903, and all readers of this
paper who desire a copy of this
household treasure should not
fail to place their order im-
mediately.
This splendid premium will
ha offered to Call subscribers at
the exceptionally low rate of
fifty cents per copy. Out of
town orders twenty cents ad-
ditional to cover prepayment of
transportation charges.C. B. Cox. business agent of the Ship
and Steamship Painters' Union, secured
a warrant from Police Judge Fritz yes
terday for the arrest of W. J. Byrnec
treasurer of the union, on a charge of
felony embezzlement. Cox alleges that
Byrnes was short $170 in his accounts and
he promised to pay up on Thursday, but
failed to do so., On Wednesday Cox pro
cured a warrant for the arrest of James
F. Hogan. financial secretary of the union,
for embezzling $21. which he got to pur
chase supplies for the office.'
pnlon in Hard Luck.
R. McCarthy has pued the Southern Pa
cific Company for $299 damages, alleged
to have been sustained by being run into
by one of the defendant's trains at Fourth
and Townscnd streets while plaintiff was
driving a team.
The Ralston Iron Works has sued
Charles Newman and Herbert Choynski
for $34, alleged to be due for work and
labor. * ?
Justices' Court Suits.
There were nearly 800 persons in Stein
way Hall last Thursday night to enjoy
the programme that was r.rranged for the
celebration of the fiftieth anniversary of
the institution of Templar Lodge of the
Independent Order of Odd Fellows. C F.
Steinfels. chairman of the committee of
arrangements, introduce** Noble Grand
Alexander Goldsack, who, after making a
few remarks appropriate to the occasion,
presented William H. Barnes, past srand
master, who, in eloquent words, reviewed
the rise and progress of Templar Lodge
and told of the good it has done In the
fifty years of its existence, after which
there was a solo by Mrs. Coblentz, a rec
itation by Miss L*ah Coblentz and an en
tertainment by the Columbia Minstrels.
during which the following numbers were
presented: Vocal solo, William Stern:
sailor's hornpipe. Master Montague Bar
ton; vocal solo, F..A. Grifflng; eong and
dance, Weston and Trau; whistling solo.
William Altmann; vocal solo, Miss May
Steinfels; fancy dance. Ruth Wilson and
Irma Roper: vocal selection. J. Davis; end
aongs. W. W. Bracken and Elton Lam
bert. Then followed dancing until a lite
hour. The affair was a very pleasant one,
which was successfully carried out under
the direction of Charles Steinfels, P. G.;
J. M. McQueen. W. O. Ford, P. G ; A.
Goldsack. N. G.: C. W. Muller, V. G.; J.
H. Cope, P. G.: P. W. Rtowell, P. G.;
George Crowall, P. G.; J. F. Nichols. P.
G.; T W. B. Leland. P. G.; Emll Hards,
P. G.: T. W. Ladd, J. R. Morrison, V. G.,
and D. Peabody; P. G.
Templars' Golden Anniversary.
Mother-in-Law After Damages.
Ellen "Wentworth filed a suit yesterday
for $3040 damages against Glacomo Fll
ipilll. her son-in-law. She says that Sep
tember 2 last he brutally beat her with
out provocation. She claims that he
struck her a malicious and vicious* blow
on the Jaw and rendered her unconscious.
News In Army Circles.
Major Albert Todd, Captain James
Baylies and ¦ Lieutenant Augustirfe Mc-
Intyre have been detailed by General
MacArthur to examine applicants for the
position of ordnance .sergeant. Lieuten
ant C. Lv Baker of the medical depart
ment has been relieved from duty at Fort
Balcrr and transferred to Camp McKin
!ey. Hawaii Territory. Captain Howland
is preparing an official report on the re
sults of the target practice at Benicia,
The machine was not made to suit film
and ho refused to pay more than the
5650 he deposited with the order. The
company then agreed, alleges the plaint
iff, to build the machine to suit, provided
he would buy $550 worth of stock in the
concern, representing that the money
was needed to purchase parts for the ma
chine. Bruguior*- did as requested and
now sayB his money was used to defray
debts of the firm. He wants it back and
does not want the stock.
Pcdar S. Brujrulere, the club man,
brought a suit yesterday against tha
Golden State Automobile Company to re
cover $550 he paid for stock in the com
pany, and to compel the company to ac
cept his offer to return the stock. The
suit Is the result of an order for a $3000
automobile placed by Brugulere with t*e
company.
Pedar Broguiere Sues the Golden
State Automobile Company to Re
cover His Investment.
CLUBMAN WOULD BATHER
HAVE HIS MONEY BACK
I'nitcri States District Judge do Haven
yesterday Issued an order directing Sher
iff John I^ackmann to appear in court on
Monday of n*?xt week at 11 a. m. and
enow cause why a writ of habeas corpus
ehotiid riot issue on bohalf of John Davis,
William Sheen and John Rlley. who, it is
alleged, ar»- able-bodied seamen confined
In the County Jail by arbitrary order of
Hart II. North, United States Immigrant
Commissioner, under the color of his au
thority as such efflcer. The men were
yei:t to the jail pending- their deportation
as aliens r.ot having a right to remain in
this country.
Habeas Corpus for Immigrants.
A few days after his discharge from
the hospital on March 18 he was arrested
on a warrant issued on complaint of Miss
Stephens. The suit was dismissed the fol
lowing day. but he was rearrestcd the
next and for seven morths. he says, he
remained «n durance vile before he was
tried. The prosecution could not prcve
that he had embezzled the money and he
was acquitted.
Charles Laurence, who. a few day? ago
was acquitted on a charge of embezzle
ment in Judge Cook's court. Is seeking
damages from Gertrude Stephens, the
woman who caused his arrest. In a suit
b«gtin by him yesterday he asks for
Judgment for ?^0C0, claiming that she was
prompted by maliciousness and spite.
He says that last January she advanced
him SSOO with the understanding that he
was to invest the money in business and
within three months marry her. He
agreed to do so, he says, and secured a
divorce from Agnes Mary Laurenc; so
that he could keep his word. After ret
ting rid of the obstacle to his second mar
riage, he says he was taken sick and com
pelled to go to a hospital.
LAURENCE ASKS DAMAGES
FROM GERTRUDE STEPHENS
Says His Arrest on Charge of Em
bezzlement Was Due to Her
Maliciousness and Spite.
Charles Brown was arrested on Thurs
day night by Detectives Regan and
O'Connell and Policeman Tillman and
locked up In "the tanks" at the City Pris
on pending developments. When searched
he had four dozen new pocket knives in
his possession and the officers discovered
that he had sold ten dozen before being
arrested. Where he got the knives he de
clines to say and the officers are anxious
to find the victim.
Suspected of Stealing Knives.
Wlllopi Tribe of the Improved Order of
Red Men will give ita Becond annual ball
in Union Square Hall this evening. The
tribe is young, but it has already gained
an enviable reputation for social func
tions. E. A. Nolan, chairman of the com
mittee of arrangements, has secured an
excellent string orchestra that will fur
nish music for the dances. It is expected
that this will be one of the most enjoy
able affairs of the season within the circle
of Redmanship.
Red Men Will Dance.
Men's $15.00 and 116.00 Suits, All
Styles and Patterns, for $11.60, at Her
man Leaser's, 915 Market street., opp.
Mason. . . •
The Right Hon. William Edward Hart
pole Leckey was born at Newtown Park,
near Dublln> March 26. 1838. He was edu
cated at Trinity College. Dublin, taking
the degree of bachelor of arts in 1S59 and
that of master of arts in 1S63.
Following his natural bent he devoted
himself to literature and soon gained dis
tinction as an author. In 1S61, while at
tending Trinity, he published anonymous
ly "The Leaders cf Public Opinion in Ire
land.", which was republished under his
own name In 1S72. "The History of the
Rise and Influence of the Spirit of Ration
alism in Europe," a remarkable produc
tion for so young a man, followed In 1865
and had gone to the fifth edition in 1872.
Then cajne in 1869 "History of European
Morals From Augustus to Charlemagne."
These three works may be said to have
assured his place among writers if he
had never written anything- more.
In IS7S he published volumes I and II
of his "History of England in the Eight
eenth Century." followed in 1HS.2 by vol
umes III and IV. in 1SS7 by volumes V
and VI, and by volumes VII and VIII
completing the work In 1S30.
In 1891 he published a small volume of
poems, and in 1S9S an important work' on
contemporary politics called "Democracy
and Liberty," a second edition of. which,
with some additions, was published in
1SS9 and created some stir on account of
its adverse comments on Gladstone.
Leckey's writings have gone through
many editions in England and his first
three works as well as his "History of
England" have been translated into Ger
man.
In recognition of his merits as thinker
and writer lackey received a number
of honorary degrees from the great uni
versities— LL. D. from his own university
of Dublin and also from the universities
of Glasgow and St. Andrews; D. C. I*
from Oxford, and, the degree of Litt. D.
from the University of Cambridge. In
1S94 he was elected a corresponding mem
ber of the Institute of France. He was
also made an honorary member of the
Royal Academy.
Leckey took much interest In the po
litical affairs of his day, choosing the
Liberal party, but not until 1S?5 was he
brought into public service. In that year
he was elected a member of Parliament
for the University of Dublin and at once
became a prominent figure in the debates
of the House. In 1S97 he was made Privy
Councillor. In 1836, on the division of
Liberals he became an active^ member of
the Unionist party.
Leckey was married in 1871 to Elizabeth,
Baroness de Dedem.
tj ONDON, Oct. 23.— The Hon. Wil-
I liam E. H. Leckey, the historian,
|| died here of heart disease last
'* *^ night. He had been ailing for
some time.
I ' :
cumbs to Attack of
Heart Disease.
William E. H. Leckey Sue-
ENGLISH HISTORIAN WHO
DIED YESTERDAY OF
HEART FAILURE. ,
The synod resolved to hold its next
meeting in the Westminster Presbyterian
Church of Sacramento.
The report of the permanent committee
on theological seminary stated that the
outlook for the seminary was more hope
ful and cheering than for a number of
previous years. Emphasis was placed on
the services of Professor Gllchrist and
the Rev. Dr. Mclntosh.
A plan for student practice in San
Francisco and about the bay in pastoral
and evangelistic method had been formu
lated, It was stated, and its prosecution
had actually begun.
The report went on to state that there
had been a gratifying increase in the
number of students over last year. The
board of directors expressed its thanks to
the synod of Washington for the renewal
of Its contribution of $1000 toward the sup
port of the Greek chair; to A. W. Fester
for his contribution toward the support
of the assistant to Dr. Alexander 1:: the
chair of church history, end to all others
who had generously contributed this year
to the general fund.
It was urged that earnest and wise
search be pursued among the young men
of the church, for those >vho may be look
ing toward the ministry as a calling.
The recommendations of the report
were adopted with the exception of a
suggestion that after the adjournment of
the synod the board of directors shall
elect from among the faculty a chairman
of the faculty, whose title shall be
"President of the San Francisco Theolog
ical Seminary." Th»i recommendation was
objected to by one vote.
Rev. Jame3 Curry, D. D., was chosen
president of tlfe Presbyterian Historical
Society; the Rev. T. F. Uurnham, M. A.,
secretary >ind treasurer, and Professor
T. F. Day, D. D., curator.
The synod expressed its sincere thanks
to the Rev. William Spear, D. D.. for his
offer to donate his library -o the synod.
The Historical Society announced that It
has In its charge the first communion set
used by the First Presbyterian Church of
San Francisco, and the hJstory of several
churches. The Rev. Dr. J. S. McDonald
presented the society with a copy of his
Synodical History.- ,
Rev. Arthur Hicks submitted a report
entitled "Sywodical Sabbath-school Mis
sionary," which set forth that durlns the
year four missionaries had been continu
ously at work in the synod, having trav
eled, in the aggregate, 2S.O0O miles. This
had been accomplished by railway, by
stage coach. In private conveyance, on
horseback and on foot.
The reverend gentlemen and laymen at
tending' the synod, taken with surprise,
arose and clapped their hands as tho or
phans were escorted to the platform,
where they gave many evidences of their,
spiritual training.
The morning and afternoon was devoted
to the hearing of numerous reports. The i
Rev. Moses- Bercovitz delivered an ad
dress, his subject being "To the Jew
First." He was followed by the Rev. W.
G. Tower, who reported from the commit
tee on publication and Sabbath-school
work. i
Headed by Mrs. P. D. Brown, the boys
and girls broke in on the staid and busi
ness-like deliberations of t.ie synod and
came alonj with Stars and Stripes • In
fhand, thel " tiny voices jubilantly singing
tne inspiriting hymn, "Onward,; Christian
Soldiers."
I •:.-¦• *
One of the most impressive incidents
that occurred during the synodical session
at Calvary Presbyterian Church yester
day was the unlooked for entrance and
the procession of the sturdy, happy little
wards from the Presbyterian Orphanage
at San Anselmo.
He. says, however, that since dismissing
the contest he has learned that McKee
deliberately defrauded him, and that in
stead of the estate of Mrs. .Milsaps being
worth $15,000 it Is worth at least $60,000.
He says that McKee, after securing a
dismissal of the contest In Alameda Coun
ty, went to Napa County and offered
Mrs. Milsaps' will for probate. It was
admitted, and McKee was appointed ex
ecutor thereof, and • wijl, says Milsaps,
unless restrained by an order of court,
proceed to convert the estate to his own
use. He therefore asks the court for
judgment for $24,500, less the $4,500 re
ceived by him as a compromise, and for
an injunction restraining McKee from dis
posing of any of the estate pending the
trial of his action.
He says that a few days after, a tender
of the will was made in court he filed a
contest to the document, and that McKee
then came to him and offered to com
promise the contest. He charges that his
wife's nephew represented to him that
the estate was not worth more than
$15,000 and offered him $4500 to dismiss his
proceedings. Mileaps says that after he
had been importuned by McKee many
times he finally accepted his offer and
withdrew his contest, firmly believing
when he' did so that he was getting all
that he was entitled to. -
1 Milsaps . alleges in his complaint that
' for many months prior to the death of his
wife she was under the influence of Mc-
Kee. He says that McKee prevailed upon
her to make two deeds, giving him her
realty, and that shortly before her death.
acting upon his suggestions, she made a
/will bequeathing to him "all her estate
with the exception of 13000 that she be
queathed to two other nephews, Georga
and Fred Graham. MllBaps says that
when McKee offered the will of Mrs. Mil
saps for probate in Alameda County it
was refused probate.
In a suit for $20,000 filed yesterday \sj
Jesse G. Milsaps against W. J. McKee,
nephew of _ Milsaps' late wife, Jane F.
Milsaps, he charges McKee with cheating
him out of the amount named and also of
using his influence over Mrs. Milsaps to
deprive him, Milsaps, of hia rights in the
160,000 estate left by, Mrs. Milsaps when
she died at Alameda in June, 1901.
Taylor's estate is worth about $22,000.
He made a will a few days before his
death, bequeathing it to four nephews and
nieces, share and chare alike, cutting off
entirely his other heirs at law. One of
the latter, Lizzie Taylor, expects to show
during the hearing of her contest of the
will that the testament was made at a
time when Taylor was incompetent, and
that it was made upon the suggestion of
his landlady, Mrs. Talbot. Mrs. Talbot,
it is claimed. In her anxiety to have her
lodger make a will, read over a number
of Taylor's letters and, finding them from
relatives, persuaded Taylor to mention
them in his will. The consequence was.
it Is claimed, that Taylor's will bequeath
ed his estate to only such of his relatives
as were lucky enough to have their let
ters to him remain in his possession. The
fact of the will being made under such
circumstances is admitted by Mrs. Tal
bot. It is asserted that it is the object
of the executrix to obtain possession of
the personal property of the deceased,
consisting of Government bonds worth
JK'.wO and about $8000 cash and place her
self beyond the jurisdiction of the court.
Armed with the decree of partial distri
bution she was about to remove the bonds
from a safety deposit box when she was
served with a restraining order. Attorney
Wagner, who served the order, said yes
terday when he- prevented her from with
drawing the bonds she abused him fear
fully.
A lively battle was waged yesterday In
Judge Troutt's court by the attorneys in
the estate of the late James D. Taylor. It
was precipitated by a # motion made by
W. P. Humphreys, attorney for James
D. Taylor Jr., a nephew of the deceased,
and also attorney for absent heirs, to set
aside a decree of partial distribution made
recently by Judge Troutt on petition of
Bee Taylor, executrix of the will. Hum
phreys said he was In possession of facts
showing that fraud was being practiced
upon the estate and he wished it held
intact until such time as he had an op
portunity to show that the interests of
his client were being despoiled. Opposi
tion to the decree was also made by At
torney L.. T. Wagner, representing Lizzie
Taylor, a sister of the deceased, who a
few days ago filed a contest of Taylor's
will, and attorney Rltter for numerous
creditors of the estate. They both inti
mated that the estate was not being prop
erly handled and eaid that if the decree
of partial distribution held the heirs at
law of Taylor would suffer. In the face
of this showing Judge Troutt stayed all
proceedings and refused to grant the mo
tion of Charles Xaylor, attorney for the
executrix, to set aside an order restrain
ing her from using the funds now in her
hands until the claims of all interested
persons are settled. Naylor endeavored
to have Wagner declared without stand
ing in the court because he could pro
duce no evidence showing that he repre
sented Lizzie Taylor, but Troutt ruled
against him. He made the same ruling
when Naylor tried to show Humphreys
without standing, and then put the en
tire matter over until next Wednesday.
K. G. Moffat is cashier of the Fn?t Na
tional Bank of Denver and has been here
several days attending the bankers* con
vention.
Th*- W*>ft«n Pacific may have many virtues
as »n entetj>rise. but so far as I>avld Moffat
is concerned you can state positively that tie
known nothing about the road and has no In
terest in it other th*n that of any citizen of
<"c!oraoo who is glad to pee plans for bis
undertalcirs^ developing- In that State.
inio no alliances r/lth other roads. For this
reason and the others I have mentioned he ha*
(¦tejectd to the stcries that associate h's name
cr his mad with the Western Pacific.
io&4 eastward from Denver. It has been hi*
intention from the rtart. and he ha* so an
nounecni on frequent occasions, that the road
rhouM niwayp b* operated as an independent
enterprise- In carrying out the plans for a
load from I"-—., r to Salt L&ke Mr. MofTat was
tulded somewhat by sentiment. He made the
rreater part of his fortune in Colorado and has
always enjoyed spending- money there. He has
ftfured that in the future, after he has passed
• vay, bo matter who operates the road cr
into whos» bands it fails It will always t«e
known tn Colorado as the UofTat road and will
stand as a monument to his enterprise. He has
n<j BsrooiPtes in the scheme and has entered
Th»> clan? of ih? Denver. Northwestern and
Pacific »'<t« conceived years a«o fry Governor
Kvuns, who. howner. never carried them out.
Finally David Mo!Tat took up the scheme and
he has tr*nt nearly three millions cf his own
money already in building about sixty miles of
surveyors have lately been working in and
.a round Denver, lent color to the latest
*tory that the two roads were really a
part of the same scheme. Moffat. how
ever, is displeased with the rumor?, for
reason- which were explained yesterday
by Fred Moffat. The latter is treasurer
of the Colorado and Utah Construction
Company, which has the contract for
building the Moffat road, known as the
Denver. Northwestern and Pxcific. Contin
uing the discussion regarding the new
roea, Fred Moffat said:
vious to this report the new road had been
referred to as a Gould scheme, at another
time as a project in which Rockefeller is
interested, and again as an undertaking
in Tvhlch several other prominent railroad
magnate* of the .Kast are involved. The
Ject that David Moffat is engaged in
building a road from Denver to Salt Lake.
r<">KPiher with the fact that the Bartnett
"You can eta.te on my authority that
the recent stories to the effect that the
\\>f=tern Pacific Railroad project is re
ceiving financial support from David H.
Moffat are entirely without foundation.
Mr. Moffat has no connection whatever
with Mr. Bartnetfs enterprise and knows
no more about It than has been published
from time to time in the dally papers."
This announcement was made at the
Palace Hotel yesterday by Frederick G.
Moffat. a nephew of the Colorado mil
lionaire, while discussing the railroad out
look in the West. Several weeks ago At
t orney Bartnett of this city, the only per
pon that the public has been able to iden
tify with the Western Pacific Railroads
plans for a new road from San Francisco
»o Salt Lake, quietly departed for the
Kast on a mission presumably Jn connec
tion Tilth his project. On reaching Den
ver he was interviewed by the papers
there, and although he did not positively
fitate that David Moffat was backing him.
lu> permitted a statement to be published
5o that effect, and since then the story
l:as ppread over the country that MofTat
is interested in the Western Pacific. Pre-
Procaedings Are Stayed by
Judge Troutt Pending
Investigation.
Synod of California Hears
Gratifying- Annual
Reports.
Piles Suit to Recover Estate
He Says He Lost by
Fraud. \
Authorizes Denial of the Re
ports Published in
Colorado.
Disclaims Any Interest
in Line Projected
by Bartnett.
Children of Presbyterian
OrphaD age Parade
Down Aisle.
Says There Is Evidence
of Fraud in Taylor
Estate.
Jesse G. Milsaps Says
His Wife's Nephew/
Cheated Him.
MAKES CHARGES
AGAINST M'KEE
SURPRISE STAID
MEN OF CHURCH
MOFFAT IS NOT
BACKING ROAD
NOTED HISTORIAN
ANSWERS SUDDEN
CALL OF DEATH
LAWYER MAKES
SERIOUS CHARGE
THE SAN FBANC1SCO CALL, SATURDAY, OCTOBER 24, 1903.
9
AMUSEMENTS.
ipALIFORNTW
\J I MATINEE III
~ I "; . , TO-DAY. ; * ¦
To-night — Last chance to see the great
record breaker.
IFN OLD
KENTUCKY.
TO-MORROW,
Mason and Mason in "Rudolph and
Adolph."
«^^^1 Funniest German com*- langi
nj|| dlans In the business. ||C^
IIHE.ATRU
MATINEE TO-DAY, SATURDAY. Oct. 24.
Parquet, any seat. 25c. Balcony, 10c. Chil-
dren, any part except reserved,, 10c.
A VAUDEVILLE CARNIVAL
WATERBUHY BROTHERS AND TENNET.
WHISTLING TOM BROWNE. HERBERT
LLOYD. ASSISTED BY LILLIAN L1LYAN
AND NEW MOTION PICTURES. LAST
TIMES OF COLOMBINO, SI8TEHS KAPPO,
THREE CRANE "BROTHERS. "WALLACE
• BROWNLOW. A. P. ROSTOW AND THE
GOLDEN GATE QUARTET AND FANNY"
WINFRED.
vULUEHBlA laowaTKEAifc
MATINEE TO-DAY.
TO-NIGHT, SUNDAY NIGHT ani ALL NEXT
WEEK,
Robert Edeson
(Management Henry B. Harris.)
In Richard Harding Davis*
SOLDIERS OF FORTUNE
State Version by Augustus Thomas.
Coming — "THE STORKS," a musical fantasy.
GRAND gggjj
Four Weeks— NOVEMBER 2d to 28th.
Matlrees Wed. and Sat. Each Week.
SALE OF SEATS OPENS \
THURSDAY, October 29, at 9 a. m.
KLAW & ERLANGER'S
Stupendous Production of General Wallace's
BEN HUR
Dramatized by William Younsr.
Music by Edsrar Stillman Keller.
350 — Persons in Production — 350
No seats laid aside before opening sale.
PRICES — 12. «l BO, $1 and 75c.
Country and Suburban mall orders with re-
mittances filled In order received after sale
opens.
HWKaiiu h Proprietors.
Market st.. Near Eighth. . Phone South 633.
TO-NIGHT— LAST TWO NIGHTS.
MATINEES TO-DAY AND TO-MORROW.
Immense Success of the Famous Border Drama,
"RANCH 10."
The Distinguished Actor,
l_. .F*. STOCK. \A/EH-
In the Role of JUDGE PROSE.
DDirCC Evenings 10c to SOo
rnltCJ Matinees '. 10c. 15c. 23c
Week of October 26, Mammoth Production
of "UNCLE TOM'S CABIN."
ALCAZAR *ffigr
General Manager.
"THE BEST STOCK COMPANY
EVER AT THE ALCAZAR"— CALL
TO-NIGHT-M ATS.T0-DAY AND SUNDAY
ENORMOUS HIT— GREAT CR0WD8!
CXHE -V9-
O\A/BOX
And T A JWT wj&k** 1 -
The LiAU I C«a»dy-Dr*ma.
Evg., 23c to 75c: Mats. Sat. & Bun.. 13c to 50c,
Next Monday — The- Drama of Romance,
UNDER THE RED ROBE.
BASEBALL!
PACIFIC COAST LEAGUE-
recreation PARK.
EIGHTH AND HARRISON —
CHAMPIONSHIP GAMES.
THURSDAY AND FRIDAY. 3 P. M-: SAT-
URDAY. 8 P. M.
BUNDA Y .....}.... 2:30 P.M.
OAKLAND vs. SACRAMENTO.
LADIES' DATS THURSDAY AND FRIDAY.
Advance Sale. 5 Stockton St. ,
«^Pa&afl MENANDWOMEft.
s£3l5»? p CirKEb^«|§I Ci* Big O for unnatural
JBB&rtm l to t tmnS&M dl«ch»rg*i < infl»nia»tioni,
gSSg OiuutMJ Xa irritation* or uleoratioat
M*bM b*i ta itriatmr*. of ma con* niambrtae*.
M rmmiCi.iMi«. P»i»,«n, »nd not utria-
g7*7|THEEUHSCHEMnUlC0. gent or poiionou*.
M C1SCIKWTI.0 JKig S«ld by DruggiiU,
\jBBllk 0.1.1. AisSr or (eDt in P'* ln w "pp«r.
JK£ «B^ -^y«l br «xpre«i. prepaid, tor
«1.00. or » bottles aS.74,
H Circular Met oa r*io«rt.
POSTUM CEREAL. ;
EASY ENOUGH
To Shake Off Coffee and Sickness. :
I
It Is easy to shake oflT coffee, no mat- '
Ur how bad one may crave It, when well j
made Postum Coffee Is served in its place. 1
"I have drank coffee for years and al- i
ways experienced trouble from it." says a j
Kansan. "I knew It was causing my sick- ,
n*??s, as my doctor told me It was, and i
following the doctor's advice. I have re- \
p«atodly sworn off. But after a short j
time I could not stand It any longer and j
go bark to coffee and the old trou- 1
bles. Never until 1 tried Postum about a j
year ago could I Fhut off the coffee for
any length of time.
"At that time I was suffering terribly
from ttomaxrh trouble, nervousness, head- j
achee and all the other ills that go with j
s badly upset coffee stomach. I am a I
school teacher, and If I made my coffee |
Ftrong enough to stimulate my stomach j
J could work fine for a time, but would
collapse at night. Gradually 1 failed to
jrt cumulation from the coffee and my
brain tfeemed actually clogged up from
drinking coffee and my etomach was in a
»-retehed Bt»te.
"A friend came to see me and advised
• ihat I try Postum and then went out and j
tot cne a. package, ehe was *o certain It
would help me. But my landlady did not
make It right, and I was so disappointed
»ith the ta*te that I went back to coffee.
My health finally cot eo bad I was on
the point of giving up school work. Then
tny friend returned to see. me one day I
«nd ask'-o about the Postum. and when'
«.V.e found out what the trouble was she i
"made It for roe according to directions,
boiling It full fifteen minutes, and to my
fcurprise I found It delicious.
"Then I ehut Off the coffee and found It
rasy. to do by drinking Postum In Hb
jlace. which completely satisfied any cof-
fre taste and I began to feel better al-
most immediately. I have used Postum
' evor since and my stomach has not given
rae a minute's trouble. I am now strong
i-cain. my nerves are steady and r.ormai
ond I feel so fine I cannot begin to tell
you how thankful I am.
"I perruaded my brother, who was an
inveterate coffee drinker for years, to give
vp the coffee and try Postum and he has
Ij2d such grand results from this that be
t-ays he trill never go back to coffee.
When I went home on a visit to my pa-
. r«nts I persuaded them to use Postum 5n
the place of coffee and the results have
been that mother's nervousness and
eleeplessness have disappeared." Name
given by Postum Co., Battle Creek, Mich.
Look in each package for a copy of the
faraota little book. "To* Road to Weil?
vtll«.' • J
NEW ADVERTISEMENTS.
UNHAPPINESS DISPELLED.
Men ani Women Unanimous About It.
Many women weep and wail and refuse
to be comforted because their once mag-
nificent tresses have become thin and
faded. Many men Incline to profanity
because the files bite through the thin
thatch on their cranlums. It will be good
news to the miserable of both sexes to
learn that Newbro's Herplclde has been
placed upon the market. This is the new
scalp germicide and antiseptic that acts
by destroying the germ or microbe that
Is the underlying causo of all hair de-
struction. Herplclde Is a new prepara-
tion, made after a new formula on an
entirely new principle. Anyone who has
-tried it will testify as to Its worth. Try
it yourself x and be convinced. Sold by
leading druggists. Send 10c in stamps
for sample ito The Herplcide Co., De-
troit, Mich.
G^'«'^<4aK^<&^^sQ^3»<<v«^'^B
/) visit DR. JORDAN'S great
¦# MUSEUM OF ANATOMY
0 Q) 1051Xi2XlTST.tft.8!»a7a,S.r.bl
\ tf The L»rj«t Anttorckal Museuai in the
O _e-*»_ World. Weikr.e»>e» or tuj cnnuicte*
• BSSMOT di&ea»e ¦»«l«iw«ly™r««hjr the oldest
Q lEal bp«ci»ll«on lha Corn. E>t. 36 years.
A flfjjNf § DR. JORDAN-DISEASES OF MEN
\ HflLj5»i| Connulution free and strictly prirate.
B I j£*aLll Trutment personally or by letter. A
W A flr n H Farttiv* Cmn is ererjr cu« uodtruken.
ill Hi Write for Boak. rrDLOaornT mt
V " a II ' KAiinMoc. mailed rREB. (a
\ A (L raluable book for ara)
9 OU. JOBDAH A CO.. 1051 Market St. S. F.
Jf| Those suffering: from -weak-
&¦" nesses which sap the pleasures
¦ " ¦ of life should take Juren Pills.
151 -. One bottle will tell a story of
marvelous results. This medicine has more
rejuvenating:, vltalizlns force than has ever
been offered. Sent by mall in plain package
only on receipt of this adv. and XL
Made by Its originators C. I. Hood Co.. pro-
prietors Hood's Sarstparilla. LowelL Mass.
1 6 PATENTS J
Paiarp dont fail to
1 aiaWV gee the beautiful
j COURT Lounging
flflfl room, the EMPIRE
ttUU PARLOR, tha
r j PALM ROOM, the
lift. fill LOUIS XV PAR-
UiailU LOR, and the LA-
D x 1 DIES' WRITING
Hotels room. {
DIRECTORY
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
Catalogue and Price Lists Mallei
i- : s&.-/ on Application.
FRESH AND SALT ME AT3.
I1C RAVPC £ PA Shipping ¦' Butcher* 10*
JAj. OUlC3 S LU. Clay. Tel. Main 1294.
' • : • -." ¦ ¦ ¦ Q1LB. ~
LUBRICATING Oll*i3: LEONARD & ELLIS.
418 Front «t.. S. F. 'Phone Main 1719.
~~~~ ZJUOrTXHGr. ~~
EC. HUGHES, 611 Sansome St.. 8. F.
AMUSEMENTS.
Ingleside
Coursing
Park.
Special Events
Champions
IN THE
Crocker and Lynch
Cup Stakes.
SATURDAY and SUNDAY
Oct. 24 and 25.
First run-down on Saturday, beginning at
12 o'clock sharp. Sunday courslna; will begin
at 10:30 shan> and continue till last wlaning
flag goes up.
OVER $1000 IN PRIZES
AH Mission-street cars transfer to Guerrero
cars, which go direct to the park.
THOMAS TIERJTET. Judge.
EDWARD SHORTSTAQ. Slipper.
I I V yJLI house.
NOTE. — Performances begin at 8 sharp. Sat*
urday matinee at 2 sharp.
TO-NIGHT
Last Performance of Puccini's Favorite Opera.
"LA BOHEME."
This Afternoon's Matinee and Sunday Night,
Giordano's Masterpiece.
"ANDRE CHENIER."
NEXT WEEK.
••THE MASKED BALL" and "ANDRE CHE-
NIER."
Prices Alwaya the Same— 23c. BOc. 73c.
Telephone Bush 9.
MATINEE TO-PAT ¦
......I.AST NIOHT..-..
THE
CHRISTIAN
BE6INNIN6 TO-MORROW MATINEE.
THE MUSICAL. FARCE-COMEDT.
SPOTLESS TOWN
PRICES— Evenings 13c. 23e. 50c. 73a
Matinees 13c, 23c. SOo
AND STlLt, THEY COME. AND YOtT M"L*ST
SEE
| THE PAKADER3 |
NOTHING SO DEUGHTFUU
Musically and Dramatically Perfect
Our "All-Star Cast." Including
KOLB AND DILI..
BARNEY BERNARD,
WINFIELD BLAKE.
HARRY HERMSEN,
MAUDE AMBER.
GEORGIA ORAMEY.
RESERVED SEATS— Night. 25c, SOc and 750.
Saturday and Sunday Matinees. 23c and SOc.
Children at Matinees. 10c and 23c.
Soon Ready for "RUBE3 AND ROSES/*
A GREAT SHOW EVEBT AFTERNOON
AND EVENING IN THE THEATER.
DON'T FAIL TO 6BB
THE COLORED BABY
IH THE INFANT IHCUBATOS.
Lion Slaying Baboon in the Zoo.
LOTS OF FUN IN THE PENNY ARCADE
ADMISSION. 10c: CHILDREN. 8c
When Phonlag As> for "The Chutes."
MISCHLIiAlTEOTJS A3&USITMX.MTB.
BOX OJTICE HOW 0PW AT w^w JC>^
SHE2XAN. CLAT * C0.'3 II 11^^
roa m-^v-f^jv^
And His Metropolitan Opera-Houa* Orehestr*
With MADAME NORDICA
Mrs. Kalbarina Fisk. Mr. Jiahan Fran la.
CONCERTS AT ALEAMBSA THIATM
Evenings Oct. 27-29. Matin** Oct. »-30.
PRICES— 13, |2, 11; Box SeaU. & 50 and $t
Wednesday. "Pop" Matinee— 80c to 12.
OAKLAND. WEDNESDAY NIOHT. OCT. *».
With NORDICA.
Next— ELLERY'S ITALIAN BAND.
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
ABSOLUTE SECURITY
Genuine CARTER'S LITTLE LIVER PILLS must bear
Fac-simile Signature of /^Lw^^
Jp ||||gp^ A '>*°'"tew Cures il I I L Kb
B'LJOUSNcss. i . j a_ _. _ 9wmm bm«v
j8f%gfiRA SICK HEADACHE. | \ff ET O
TORPID LIVER. pM H V Em 11%
//mB >Jm furred tongue.|| U __ . _
fffl&B ]p| INDIGESTION. p P| !L!LSMi
*& IT CONSTIPATION B j u _""* \jffij
sallow skin
Thty TOUCH the L. I V E R G Pri£
Genuin« Wrapper Printed on ...._* T ~~'
ADVERTISEMENTS.
As Pretty a Tale i of Detective Work as Ever was Written
4 4 \TOT SINCE "The Uavenworth Case' has there been
- m| such an amazing and ingenious detective story as
1 ' 'The Filigree Ball.' For originality of detail and
cleverness of development this book is really unusual."
BY ANNA KATHERINE GREEN
Author of "The Leaven worth Case."
TH E BOBBS-MERRI LL COMPANY, PUBUSHER*. 'Close Matches Are Expected in the
Games to Be Played on the
Park Green.
The Scottish bowling tournament, which
was commenced on the Golden Gate Park
j-rreen nearly two months ago, Is gradu
ally narrowing down. But eight of the
rixty-four original entries remain to com
pete for final honors. Among these eight
are the strongest bowlers in the city, and
the remaining matches will be the best
of the tourney. Thomas McNaught and
John McLaren, who were picked to meet
In the finals, are still In the competition.
The -form displayed by some of the other
contestants has caused many of the devo
tees of the game to change their minds
as to the outcome. These two experts are
still favorites, but the chancea of Moffat,
Cook and the two Grays are considered
good. The latter two caused a great sur
prise last weeic by winning their matches
p. the third round go decisively. CrsU^
SANTA ROSA. Oct. 23.— The trial of'Dr.H
O. Brtnck. a prominent physician, on. a charge
of crlmlnel libel by Dr. Kaott, rrculUd* In *
dJs&Kxcexat&l s>l Uie iuar. - ¦-- - ._^
EIGHT -SCOTTISH BOWXEBS
REMAIN IN TOTJBNAMENT
Big Bag of Game.
Robert Smyth and E. H. Plant shot over
Plant's ranch, near Rio Vista, on opening
day and bagged 179 geese and ducks. Al
though the thermometer registered 102 de
grees the gunmen never saw such fine
shooting before. There was only one
drawback— the birds spoiled before they
could get them home.
Fred Butler, Frank Maskey and Frank
Vernon, three of the regulars at Point
Reyes, secured the limit on quail there
last week. The ducks have not come In
there yet. Most of the quail grounds axe
preserved, but there is still some open
territory.
Barton Sues for Damages.
Henry Barton, who was struck on the
head last June by a block of wood that
fell from a building on Post street, yes
terday sued J. H. Kruse. owner of the
building, for $3030 damages. Barton claims
he was seriously injured and says the
accident was due to the carelessness of
Kruse. ¦
Works. . Vice Commodore T. Jennings*
Speedwell, the sloops Queen and Surprise
and the yawl Phyllis will winter in Corta
Madera* Creek, near the boathouse at Es
callc. The new sloop Meteor will so up
Petaluma Creek. - - • . __
>.Fred 'Johnson and N.. H.' Hickman se
cured .the -limit ton', quail last Sunday at
Bolinas. • :- • .
; Otto Feudner and Ed Feudner shot over
the j famous . Stewart pond again on Sun
day and bagged '. the limit on /ducks
Among j them were a i number of canvas^'
backs in prime condition.' . :
; 'Up ¦ In ¦ Sutter County the , ' 'cans" are
more -numerous now than they have ever
been in previous years at'.theV height of
the - season. George Ohleyer "bagged fifty
ir one day, recently. . : Geese are unusually
plentiful, a good shot being able to bring
down '500 If , he had. 8uch : murderous ten
dencies.' . :..'¦ . ¦
¦The; heat on the Monterey* preserve of
'the '-Empire 'Gun' Club -last 'Sunday had a
bad effect on the shooting. The men who
sought; quail were* nearly, prostrated and
abandoned the sport" at an early hour.
JWith"; cool weather and. an easterly - wind
the members expect flneshooting on their
fresh water ! ponds, which are already at
tracting tne; ducks. Among the members
who expect to f go j down to-day j are F. S.
Judah, Dr. ; Parent, ' Dr. Alden, Dr. Gere!
Mr. } Bennett, , Frank Mayer, Mr. McRos
key/. Stephen 4 T. Britten, E. -R. —.Us, Dr
A.iJ., Sylvester. T.C.; Van Ness Jr.. F. b!
Schwerjn and J. S. Brownell. , W. W. . Van
"Arsdale ; ;willT be' down next- Wednesday
with some ' of ¦ his celebrated setters for a
day- after quail. These game birds are
plentiful/. . ;'•;:'.'..
The Intense heat at several points was
against the sportsmen. It also had an ef
fect on the birds, many of which were
spoiled. The bay Is filled with ducks, and
It needs only a severe storm to set them
in motion. would also bring In the
northern birds in greater numbers. It is
the general opinion that better sport will
be afforded this season than has been en-
Joyed In many years. The ducks are more
numerous, and the "cans" and other
birds are appearing unusually early.
One. of. the most unique clubs In this
State is theiMontezuma' Gun" Club. It is
the only ¦ "family" club in this district,
the wives ; of four: of. the members being
ardent , Sportswomen In the field and on
the stream. . The club is made, up of J. F.
Nickels, ;*¦ president; T. J. Walsh, treas
urer;. H.C/Wyman; secretary; W. W.
Richards, W. C. Swain and P. J/ Code Jn
Mrs. Walsh,.- Mrs. Wyman, Mrs. Nickels
and.Mrs. Richards-all-shoot over the club
preserve, at .Collinsvllle, Solano County,
haying; the same privileges as the men.
The 1 ' joint , bag' on \ opening day was 300
birds, .; Including some twenty-five "cans."
The preserve, consists of 700 acres and in
cludes a snipe patch . three : quarters of a
mile' long. Each lady shoots from a sepa
rate blind and over her own decoys. The
largest pond is about a mile in circumfer
ence. : It affords magnificent canvas back
shooting, from November on through the
entire' season. The club members marked
the: opening, of 'the season with an enjoy
able; banquet at their clubhouse.
preserves, and few limit bags were
secured. The best shooting was on the
Alviso and Alvarado marshes, where
ducks were found in profusion.
WEATHER conditions were not fa
vorable for duck and quail shooting
last Sunday on the majority of the
T. J.Cronln expects 'to have Fair Tralee
ready to> do himself Justice.-;; Me Vey.^Mi
Amigo and * others will . have /another
chance a with r hounds /of ., their ,' own > age:
Among , the ' eligibles are . also Rockefeller,
Rock • and Rye,' Special, ".Yankee » Boy. and
Nob Hill, v There is also the^ Rock Island
King-Irma ¦.¦litter,:-. •w.hlch' -has performed so
well in Los Angeles. '-'-';;. > . , ¦
W. ;c.; Collier ; has « registered j :a^ black
greyhound, ' which he;- has- named .-'Harry
Corbettjlmp. Some months since the dog,
which is solid j black, was sent* from ; Aus
tralia . to the" sporting man 1 ' whose v name
he bears. He was -sent off to > the country
and has developed -into a fine 1 looking
youngster. He v Is by Black Douglas-
Rowena,* and is .of the best Australian
breeding. : His ¦> sire . and , dam .' have won
many stakes, sj He is 14 • months ' old '- and
will be/started .'soon/; . ' « -r .•¦;;'¦•,-.' rh. I-'.
T. E. has nearly perfected « his , ar
rangements .to r commence /coursing/ 1 ' at
Baker s field. •> The - new * grounds i axe ¦ near,
town, » ¦•¦-.... * : ;¦-. •—,_
: The next of the classic coursing events
will be; the junior champion; stake, , which
will be -held at Union. Coursing Park < r on
Nov<imber',L -All; the .Futurity, candidates
are eligible, as /well 1 as .puppies whelped
in October, November and December, 1901.
Among the starters- will probably be
Quito, : . Member : and 'Rapid Water,
by Rocker-Little Wonder, which were not
listed ;in- the /Futurity, but which _., give
promise, of being great greyhounds."'Con
cord*. Tralee, a brother of the Futurity
winner,', will also start. ' : . ¦ ' '
Pocatelll Is the star of the greyhounds
which will start to-morrow ; at / Union
Park in the slxty-four-dog open stake.
Irvington Trake, the Futurity winner;
Renegade Apache, Belle Free and Tralee
Boy are expected to be among. the con
tenders. The running will: commence upon
the arrival- of -the ¦ 10:15 "train. - There- will
also be a special train; at 1 o'clock.; The
likely winners look to; be: ;. -: ,V\ ¦ •
America, Lilac," Melllnwood, ; Lord . Granard,
Free from Flaw, Money ; Musk, . Semprontus,
lone Hill/ Reno, Vandal, - Pepper Hill, Mickey
Free, Thelma, Miss Penman. Warco. St. Conn.
Red Rock. -.Wattles, Belle Free, Greenhall,
Vina, Prectta r Maid, * Cubanola, Renegade
Apache, Rural Artist, Red Pepper, . Rapid -Wa
ter, Gold Ore," Honest John, Pucatelli, Ruby
Sankey, Clarice. . • -.- - , l «
Open stake— Doreen, Yarkee Boy. Colored
Lady, Bonnie HuEhle, Our . Myra, Lulu Girl,
Pacing Billy; Boots, Vikln*. Equator. Dom
Pedro, Rich Argosy. Draw's Hill, Advance
Guard. Belfast, -Piker. Bob R. Roulette. Ho
mer Boy, Pepper Jack. Ploughman. Our Motto,
Black Flush, Tom Hurlick, - Dorothy M, In
truder. Fair Glen, Lady Menlo, J E H. Mas
ter Clair, HaddlnKton, Cremo/ Rockefeller,
Klttlemiin, Silver Cloud. Orslna. McHsnry,
Little Lucy. Little Plunger, Odd Eyes.
Coursing Park will be run for to
morrow. Twenty' greyhounds are entered,
and the winner will receive; in addition to
the cup, J100 in gold. The meeting will
commence to-day at 12,o;clock with the
first round of an eighty-dog stake for a
cup presented by Henry H. Lynch. The
likely winners look to be:
Champion stake for Henry J. Crocker cup-
Wedge wood. Doc Burns, Contoy, Royal Fri*nd,
Flora Belle, Cloverdale, Sofala, Young Fear
less. Pure Pearl, Menlo Prince.
THE artistic -silver trophy presented by
Henry J. Crocker for competition
among the leashmen at Ingleside
Another match that will 'be a good one
and one full of action will be that between
Drummond ' MacGayin and George "Janes.
Both players hit the balls hard ; and take
chances. With the same odds' allowed
Baker. Janee undoubtedly has a ¦ chance
to beat the scratch man. MacGavin, how
ever, is playing a fine game, and unless
he is badly off in his play, should j win
the tournament.
Clarence Griffin, who will probably play
George . Baker, should . not be overlooked.
The youngster has been rather.; heavily
handicapped, but is Improving V rapidly
and will surely- give a good* account 'of
himself. The men will oppose. each other
as follows:. Herbert Long (3-6) vb. Guy
Lytton (15), Clarence Griffin (owe 2-6) vs.'
George Baker (owe 5-6) ; or the. winner of
the Mann-U^ode .match (both .scratch),
Neil Baker (scratch) vs. Will Allen fowe
15 2-6), , J. D. MacGavin (owe 15 2-€) vs.
George Janes (scratch). The final match
will be played at 2:30 o'clock and will con
sist of three sets out of five.
The second handicap • doubles . tourna
ment, set for to-morrow on the Califor
nia Club courts, has been postponed one
week. This was necessary because ' three
of the players who are expected to figure
in the event are '".to' play In the park tour.
nament. Many new teams will play next
Sunday, and as' the ¦ handicapping will.' be
carefully done some good,' matches . are
anticipated.
The first match will be an uncompleted
one between J. A. Code and Horace Mann
Jr. Both are playing from scratch and
each has won a set fromHhe other. The
third and deciding set will be played to
morrow morning. The wiirfler will make
the eighth man In the fourth round and
will receive a prize. He will be pitted
against George Baker, who will concede
odds of "owe 5-6." Baker should win this
match with little \ difficulty. The first
match In this round will be between. Guy
Lytton and Herbert Long. The latter is
called upon to give Lytton a handicap, of
"3-6." Long is an erratic player, -but 'if
he plays anything like his game he should
dispose of Lytton In short order. ¦' ? ! .
The match between Will Allen and Neil
Baker will undoubtedly be "a good one.
Allen will allow odds of "owe* 15 2-6" and
will have his hands full doing so. Baker
plays a game that is better suited to
handicap conditions than almost any one
in the tournament. While he is not as
brilliant a player as Allen he is steadier,
and can get the balls back. His only
stroke In the back court Is a lob, and Al
len will have trouble handling It. At the
net Baker seldom kills, but when the time
comes cuts them off cleverly.' ~ ... , ¦-¦--•
Park courts. Of the original 104 en
tries but ten are left. Although the handl
capper was liberal with his odds only the
best players have survived. J. D. Mac-
Gavin and Will Allen, two of the most
heavily handicapped men, are still in it
and stand a good chance of, meeting in
the semi-finals. The match would un
doubtedly result in a victory for Mac-
Gavin.
THE largest tennis tournament ever
held on the coast will be brought to a
close to-morrow on the Golden Gate
Ten Racket Wielders Remain
to Compete for Honors
on the Public Courts
Artistic Cup Will Be Com
peted For To-Morrow at
Ingleside Coursing Park
Anticipate the Best Season
•of Duck Shooting Known
Here in Many Years Past
TOURNAMENT PLAY
REACHES POINT
OF EXCITEMENT
SPORTSMEN AWAIT
COOLER WEATHER
ON THE MARSHES
CROCKER TROPHY
DRAWS ENTRY OF
TWENTY HOUNDS
Robert Vincent of the yawl Iola, during
a trip up the Sacramento River in Sep
tember, got a touch of malarial fever and
has been laid up, but is now recovering
his health. The yawl Iola, in company
with the yawls Pilgrim and Nereid, cruis
ed along the city, front last Sunday. Jack
London was also out for a cruise in his
sloop Spray. -Julius E. Bach's sloop
Cainerine, ¦ which has been moored in
Tiburori Cove during the summer, is ly
ing off. the .California clubhouse. Lee
Gale's sloop Secret returned on Sunday
from a. hunting trip In the lower bay.
The flagship Idler started about 2 o'clock
last . Saturday afternoon for.. McNears,
but after drifting with the ebb tide nearly
to the light at the entrance to Oakland
Creek, met the flood tide and dropped an
chor. At 11 p. m. A. M. Clay's Pactolus
came along on the ebb and the . Idler
making sail, drifted out to the broad
gauge mole- and came to ' anchor. On
Sunday morning the yachts cruised to
leeward of Goat Island and out to Fort
Point, where they found a fog coining in
Putting about, they ran home to their
moorings without having had any chance
of reaching the rendezvous at McNears.
Several < of the , Corinthian lyachts will
not go ; into the . lagoon when the bridge
Is raised next month. The sloops Edna
Belle,, Josie and Cupid, with Commodore
R. \ S. ... Bridgman's ] Thetis, will , probably
be hauled , out , on Anderson's w*ays at
South San Francisco. ; Frank Stone's Pres
to and J. :.W. Pew's Truant will be laid
up at Stone's yard near the Fulton Iron
cruises to-morrow. The San Francis
co Yacht Club will give a jinks In its
quarters to-nlgbt at Sausalito.
Songs will be rendered by Glannlni, R.
W. Mason, Frank Clod!, W. T. Healey
and Louis Le Page, and a zither solo by
Alphonse Hlrsch. A. C. Ayres, Tom
Hickey, D. W. Twoomey and M. J. Hynes
will sing and tell stories. There will be
a violin solo, also parodies and mono
logues. Some members of the Olympic
Club, under the direction of George S.
Miehling, the well known wrestling in
structor, will box, wrestle and perform
various athletic feats.
During the evening the cups won at the
annual club regatta and on the last mem
bers' day will be presented to the win
ners. At 11:30 p. m. the yachtsmen will
adjourn to the boatroom for a supper of
clam chowder and other good things. A
ferry-boat at 12:25 a. m. will convey those
who desire to return to the city back to
San Francisco. On Sunday the last sched
uled cruise of the season will be held un
der signal from Commodore R. S. Bridg
man's sIood Thetis.
The members of the Corinthian Yacht
Club will enjoy a closing supper and en
tertainment to-night at their quarters at
Tiburon. On the arrival of the 6:30 p>m.
ferry-boat from San Francisco a supper
of the good old Corinthian sort will be
served the members. This will be fol
lowed by a vaudeville entertainment un
der the direction of the jinks committee.
To-morrow the closing cruise will be tak
en under the command of Commodore E.
F. Saeer.
The members of the California Yacht
Club will hold an impromptu jinks to
night, beginning at S o'clock, in their
clubhouse on Oakland Creek, music be
ing furnished by the club orchestra. Re
freshments will be served during thj
evening and at 10:30 p. m. there will be
a supper of clam chowder, hardtack and
coffee. To-morrow morning at 10 o'clock
the fleet will start on the last cruise of
the season on signal from Commodore
George M. Shaw's yawl Idler, the flag
ship. The fleet will cruise over to the
city front and thence toward the heads,
In company with the fleet of the San
Francisco and Corinthian yacht clubs.
During the progress of the jinks on Sat
urday night the trophies and prize flags
won during the season by the boats of the
California fleet in club regattas will be
distributed to the winners. The Vin
cent handicap cup and a first pennant
will be handed over to Robert Vincent,
owner pf the' yawl Iola, winner of the
handicap race. C. E. Clark's yawl Gyp
sle will receive a second pennant, and S.
S.' Marshall's sloop Thelma a third pen
nant.. For the special yawl race Julian
Altendorf's yawl Pilgrim wins a silver
cup and first-class pennant; C. E. Clark's
yawl Gypsle -takes a silver* cup 'end sec
ond class pennant, while S. S. Marshall's
sloop Thelma, as the winner of the din
ner race, receives a special ~ag.
A few of the California yachts will be
laid up at once for the - winter, but most
of the owners will keep their craft in
commission for duck shooting.
Charles C. Bruce, first officer of the
steamer South Portland, -who rendered
such good service to the shipwrecked
passengers and crew, was commodore of
the California Yacht Club in 1835, his
flagship being the well known sloop Ro
ver. Curiously enough, it was reported
last Saturday that the sloop Rover, had
been lost In the fog on the ocean. The
report was erroneous.
PLAYERS OF RIVAL UNIVERSITIES WHO ARE EXPECTED TO OCCUPY A PROMINENT POSITION ON THE
GRIDIRON DURING THE IMPORTANT' FOOTBALL CONTESTS WHICH REMAIN TO BE PLAYED AND
WHICH END WITH THE INTERCOLLEGIATE MATCH. (^
This round does not close until the 31st
Inst. giving the contestants two-Satur
days in which to play. It Is expected two
of the four matches will be played to-day,
namely Cook and McLaren and -Moff at
and Earsman. Moffat is considered more
skillful than Earsman and will probably
win. While McLaren is/a favorite over
his opponent he will have a hard time
beating him. The same' may. be : said- of
McNaught in his match with James Gray.
Joseph Gray is in . better practice ' than
McLachlan and should win. The final
match will be played November -.14. On
November 18 the annual meeting -for the
election of officers will be held,. and ar
rangements will be made to begin a new
tournament at once. As the membership
has increased rapidly during the present
tournament a larger entry list will un
doubtedly result In the next events -
Webster made a good showing -against
McLaren last Saturday. The, match was
close up to the last when McLaren forged
ahead and won seven points straight. The
eight men left will oppose each other as
follows: James Gray: vs. Thomas Mc-
Naught. Joseph Gray vs. J. McLachlan,
J. C. Moff at vs. J. M. Earsman, John
McLaren vs. Wallace Cook.' . ,
was expected to beat James Gray without
much difficulty, but the latter beat his
apponent by the one-sided score of 21 to 3.
Joseph Gray won by a like score from Dr.
Hamilton. The doctor has shown j great
form ' In this tournament, but " was no
match for Gray on Saturday. " •
The work of the backs and, In fact, the
whole team was much faster this week
than it has been all season. Risley, Sned-
Iga'r. Muther and Whipple are developing
rapidly and are mowing great holes in
the second eleven. Mini was hurt a
while ago and he is not digging in so
hard as he is accustomed, as he does not
want to be put out of it permanently.
The eleven began secret practice- in the
gymnasium Thursday night. New plays
Trtll be practiced there every night until
the game. In the practice on -the field
this week the coaches have been trying
the guards, Overall and Stow, back of the
line a cood deal.
The varsity will play the. Chemawa In
dian eleven on the Berkeley campus to
morrow afternoon. On Wednesday . next
the team will play an alumni team com
posed principally of members of -.t^e. fam
ous '98 eleven, as follows: Gendotti or
Dunbar, center; Athearn, right, guard;
Grelsberg, left guard; Castlehun, • right
tackle; "Jim" Whipple, left tackle; Claude
Starr and Louis Decoto, ends; 'Kerf oot
or Ellis, quarter; "Pete" Kaarsberg, full
back; "Locomotive" Smith, right half;
Percy Hall, left half.
Howard, the left tackle. Is limping with
water on the knee, but manages to play
every day.
Belknap's wound consists of a wrenched
ligament. It is slow to heal and may
keep him out of the game until too late.
The coaches are retaining him ,on the
training table, however, in the hope that
he will get well soon, in which- case he
will be tried out again. "Johnny" More,
who is just getting over an injured knee,
will take Belknap's place at quarterback
as soon as the doctor thinks it safe to try
him in his old place. In the meantime
Geary, who is a fighter all the time, is
passing out the ball to the backs.
The coaches are trying out Forse for
fullback and from the way he goes at
the line and eats up. the ground, the
chances are they will retain him in that
position. It puzzled the coaches for a
long time to know what to do with Forse,
whether to put him in as tackle or back
of the line, but now they seem to have
him in the right spot. More was being
tried In the posHion before he was hurt,
but he was considered a trifle too light
for it, and now that a quarter is -needed
h<- will fill in there.
about some changes this week in the
line-up of the University of California
eleven. These changes are likely to be
permanent, as Hudson and Belknap, the
most severely hurt, may not recover in
time to get into condition again before
the big game.
Hudson is wearing his leg in a plaster
cast to mend a broken bone received in
practice a week ago. Broken bones do
not heal rapidly and Hudson will cer
tainly be kept off his feet until two weeks
before the game. This will prevent^bis
getting back Into his old form again, so
the coaches are trying out other men for
right end. The candidates for the va
cancy are Burke, Craig and Oliver. All
are good players, but none of them has
the • bulldog spirit and weight of Hud
son.
BERKELEY, Oct. 23 4 — The withdrawal
of two or three men from the game
on account of injuries has brougnt
Interest centers at present in to-mor
row's game with the Nevada eleven. Con
sidering the fact that the Reliance eleven
defeated the sagebrush team it would
t^eem that Stanford ought at least to be
able to duplicate the clubmen's score
xyhen they meet the Reno team on the
tatanford gridiron. But two other pre
liminary fwnea are scheduled, the first
with the Chemawa Indians of Oregon
v.hom the varsity will play on the campus
field next Monday, and the second with
the Multnomah Club of Portland, oched
i:led for November 7 on the Stanford field
Team work and speed are what Coach
Ljmagan is seeking in the big eleven. As
:t proved a successful combination in the
Ircshman contest last Saturday against
v. hat were apparently great odds the head
coach has won the confidence of the root
<rs. and it is believed he will at least turn
out a team -which will hold California to
a. small score.
.• lower of strength, and should he suc
ked in going low at the line will un
doubtedly make a strong bid for the posi
tion. He is getting some strenuous coach
ing from Assistant Coach Slaker, the
famous line-plunging fullback, and he
teems to take readily to Instruction.
At quarterback's position Freshman
Captain Stott Is almost if not quite the
<qual of Captain Bansbach of the varsity
«-Jeven, and will prove an able substitute
for the latter in the event of his going
<>ut of the game.
up a. hard light. He has played in all of
'.he preliminary varsity games. With two
j-uch men as big Weller '07 and Shine '06
in the field, however, the position is open,
:uid the next three weeks must tell who
is best entitled to the position. Weller is
w 'OG freshman eleven, has been putting
The varsity men thus far have been re
markable free from injuries, a resmlt of
I he soft sawdust field and the fact that
Ccach Lanagan has insisted on every man
v.earing a padded suit and necessary
ankle supports and the like when he en-
It rs a line-up, be it practice or game.
It looks now as though Stanford's big
team will be strongest behind the line.
The backs are not only first-class mate
rial, but there are enough of them, so
that the coaches will have plenty of mate
rial from which to choose. "Savage"
Dole, varsity left half, who played a con
sistent game against Berkeley last year,
has been out of the scrimmage work for
a few days owing to a sprained ankle. The
injury is not serious enough to keep hini
off the field. Among the other promising
«andMate& for halves are Dave Tarpey,
who played a Ftar game at tackle on the
'•¦"• freshman team; M. P. Hyde, a new
man on the Stanford gridiron; Chalmers,
< handler and Freshman Stephenson,
vhose regular position, though he played
i-uard last Saturday, is behind the line.
•At fullback's position Schoefield. end on
The Berkeley college daily attributed the
lact that none of the Stanford men were
injured to the condition of the gridiron
at Stanford, saying that "it was hard as
rock" and that therefore the Stanford
freshmen were used to falling on ground
like that at Richmond field. As the Stan,
ford gridiron is covered with a layer of
four inches of sawdust it would seem that
the credit for the physical condition of
the '07 team properly belongs to Trainer
Moulton.
perb physical condition the cardinal's
hopes begin to brighten slightly. That
condition is an all-Important factor In a
football game was evidenced by the fresh
man contest last Saturday, in which
Trainer Moulton's work showed to good
advantage in the youngsters from Stan
lord. •
STANFORD UNIVERSITY. Oct. 23.-
Ideal football weather prevails at
Stanford, and with the men in su-
The committee charged with the task
of preparing a constitution and bylaws
for the California Association Football
Lnlon consists of J. Michaels, Douglas
Erskine. T. Congdon. H. Williamson and
Andre A. Glarner.
At the annual meeting of the California
Association Football League there was
much discussion as to the composition of
the executive committee. It was at last
decided it should consist of the delegates
sent by each club, with the president, sec
retary and treasurer of the league In
case of a tie vote, the president is to have
a vote. The following are the officers for
the coming year of the California Asso
ciation Football League: President Ta-
Ilesln Evans; vice presidents. Frank
Jones. P. E. Bowles and J. A. Barlow;
secretary, Henry Roberts of the Califor
nia Association Football Referees' Union
treasurer. L. R. Gllchrest of the Albion
Rovers. The executive committee consists
of J. R. Robertson of the Vampires, chair
man; T. Hunter of the Thistles, Hur.1
Williamson of the Pickwicks. W. K.
Owens of the Independents, J. J. Congdtn
of the Occidentals and T. D. Mildred of
the Oakland Hornets. The first matches
under the management of the California
Association Football League will be play
ed on Sunday. November 1. The Albion
Rovers are drawn against the Oakland
Hornets at Idora Park, Oakland. The
Thistles will try conclusions with the In
dependents at the Presidio Athletic
Grounds. The Vampires will play the Oc
cidentals on the cricket ground at Web
ster street, Alameda.
Many of the best players who were
members last season of the clubs that
have now gone out of existence have join
ed other teams. Douglas Erskine. who
played once or twice with the American-
British Rifles, ia In the Oakland Hornets,
having become a resident of Oakland.
Churchill, one of the forwards of the
Rifles, has joined the Albion Rovers.
Shand, formerly center of the Rifles, with
"Percy" Chambers, the brilliant half
back, is In the Oakland Hornets. Forrest
and Lydon of the Rifles have Joined the
Thistles, while Williamson. McKay and
Harry Bird have become members of the
Oakland Hornets. "Doc" Leahy is ia
Spokane, and Connolly is under suspen
sion until after the first league match.
Edgar Pomeroy, the well known mem
be/ of the Rifles' team. Is in the Oakland
Hornets. O'Shaughnessy and Bowden
have joined the Occidentals. Hodge ar.d
Murray have not given their names in
to any club as yet. The, Holland brothers
are in the Occidental Club, while the three
Fay brothers have become Independents.
Most of the players of the former San
Francisco Club are Independents. Hooker,
one of the mcst brilliant .forwards of last
season, is In Victoria, B. C, where he U
playing on a team. The Albion Rovers
have lost the services of Grantham. who
met with a severe accident recently.
membership of the California Asso
ciation Football League. Several clubs
are being formed, or are already organ
ized, but will not have teams ready to
play in the regular league schedule
games, which have already been arranged.
The seven clubs that will contend for the.
league championship of 1903-1904 are the
Vampires, the Albion Rovers, the Oak
land Hornets, the Independents, the Pick
wicks, the Thistles and the Occidentals.
Three matches will be played each Sun
day of the season, one team drawing a
bye.
PLAY for the association football cup
will begin in January. This trophy
Is open to clubs not included in the
ALL three senior yacht clubs of the
bay will hold their closing entertain
ment to-night and their closing
Berkeley Line-Up Changed Owing to Injuries Sus
tained by Several Players.
Members of Last Season's
Champion Eleven Become
Attached to Other Clubs
Three Yacht Clubs of Bay
Hold Closing Jinks and
Suppert of Present Year
FRESHMAN VICTORY RAISES HOPES
OF THE CARDINAL'S ADHERENTS
FOOTBALL CRACKS
IN PRACTICE FOR
LEAGUE MATCHES
PLEASURE FLEET
WILL SOON FOLD
ITS WHITE WINGS
THE SAN FBANCISCOGAIiljvSATUKDAY. OCTOBER 24. 1903.
CRISP AUTUMN WEATHER BRINGS OUT IE BEST EFFORTS OF THE FOOTBALL MEN
10| O3 ANGBLES, Oct. &.— While the
I card. offered at Agricultural Park this
L afternoon had a shopworn look, -being
? - utterly devoid of any special features,
it .was ladies' day and thousands possed
through the turnstiles. - The grand stand
lacked Beating capacity and many .mem
bers . of the opposite sex bumped elbows
with the men In, the betting ring. -While
the bookies were buffeted about the same
as on the preceding day; they more than
recouped their losses on this afternoon's
operations. By the defeat of Erne in the
mile (and a quarter selling, number the
ring cleaned up more than $8000. ... . ; .
Erne looked a very sweet 1 to 2'ch.ince,
but "Big Bill" Knapp rode- the gelding
with about as much judgment as would a
Chinese cook render an aria from thi' Op
tra of "Semiramide." 'He rode his mount
very wide . from the start and, permitting
Admetus to sneak away In the lead, made
his final move when too late, finishing an
ordinary, third. When, Admetus started. a
few days ago- he was ; the target bearer
and was beaten off thirteen- lengths.'-' Dug
Martin , couldn't help* being " third,' for
Prestolus and Headstrong were of no ac
count. . -¦ v
Bpwlal Dlipatch to ; Th« Call.
Ring . Cleans UpMore Than
$3pqo by' the Defeat . of
Erne, piloted^ 'by Knapp
But Two of the Favorites
7 Earn -Brackets f and the
r ' : .': tf *-'• i '. ' •• *.'-'.:'¦¦¦• ¦-> - ',
Bookies'Haye a" Big Day
BUNGLING RIDES
MAR THE RACING
AT LOS ANGELES
A sensible woman seldom wastes her
time on a handsome man.
sor Sid Cavill and Miss Sadie Cavill gave
a superb exhibition of fancy swimming.
The high : diving events were 7 received
with great favor, - the ; work of F. S.
Geddes, W. : Pomin, O. Schultz, P. gund
berg, W. Stockton and W. Bacon being of
the highest class.
:' All the contests were for gold and silver
medals, « provided by the hankers of San
Francisco. ¦ ¦'.;-..¦ v' ; - ; '¦A'- '¦•'--: :
,:Ko!b, Dill and Bernard ga\te their scene
front "Hoity-Toity" and gav0 the .visiting
bankers" an , idea of how. they i thought : a
bank should be run. The.. visitors
noticed to take down many pointers. The
Golden Gate Park. Band, under the leader
ship : of i Paul Stelndorn*. rendered a ; fine
programme ' of music." ? Ref reshmehte were
served at the pleasure' of, the guests. IThe
"entertainment; as a whole' could 5 not .have
been : surpassed * In « Us ' lhie.' ; Every, event
was tti "'¦. gem": of | lt» f class ¦ and ;. the .visitors
could not find .words. to express the pleas
ure that I had 1 been given them by, the fino
end novel afternoon's i exhibition. '
Keenan. r. . . . ../... R. ¦ T. L. ........... Cogsrln
Jacohs-Langhorn. . . R. G. L. . .". Waltz
Koncovlerl. ..... '.". .".Quarter '~. .......... .Botkln
Cerf.:...... ... L. H. R... *...... :.Terrlll
Hamilton........ ...R. H. L.. ...... Boardman
Dunn. .Fullback .......... . Aikoa
Tiseornia. . . . . . . . . . . L. G. R. .Stafford
Young. . ........... .Center. .......... . .Frctton
Corcoran .". : ." . '.". .'. . . R. E.' 1». . •". • ....... »u tton
lively Football Match * la Played by
Academic Athletic League Teams .
on Presidio Grounds.
The Lowell High School football team
scored a victory over the Mission High
School eleven after a hard struggle yes
terday at the Presidio athletic grounds.
The score was 6 to 0.: .
The teams were evenly matched In
weight,, butiteam work was lacking on
both sides.
At the opening of the first half of the
game the Mission boys, were unable to
hold down their opponents, and after five
minutes of steady bucking and end runs
Lowell scored a touchdown and kicked
the goal. '. • ,
From that time on to the close of the
half the ball was rushed from one end of
the field to the other, and when time was
called Lowell . had the ball close . to Mis
sion's goal. ;
At ' the opening of the second half the
Mission team kicked off, and, after hold
ing down the-Lowellltes fpr three downs,
took; the ball and by : a series \ of center
rushes nearly ; scored : a tOTfchdown.
iThe Lowell team has been coached for
the past week *. by. Carl Cook, who was
captalnfof their, tcamln 1897. Under his
coaching the team work has been greatly
Improved. 17; .
line-up of yesterday's game was as
follows:- -v
'Lowell High. ; Position. Mission High.
Brlgnoll ..: 1.. E. . R. ......... .La Coste
D«voto L. . T. R. :...... ... . .Fisher
LOWELL SCHOOL ELEVEN
DEFEATS MISSION HIGH
The team has been successful in all Its
Frames so far. ' It defeated 'the^McMlnn
vllle College team by a score of 40 to 0,
and the Willamette University ,by; 5 to 0
in ten-minute halves. The eleven' will
remain here until next Wednesday^ when
It will play. Stanford : at ' Stanford.
Schildt and Saunders, the only other big
men, have been coaching the team and
have made it fast. ; Schildt "knows .the
game well, having had a world of expe
rience. He played* halfback with the Cai<
llsle eleven and the same for the Reliance
team' last year. ' r :i-;.^-:
BERKELEY. Oct.' 23.-The football
eleven from the Chemawa Indian School
of Oregon arrived to-day, prepared to
play the varsity eleven to-morrow on the
Berkeley campus. The team was chap
eroned by W. B. Campbell, superintend
ent of the. school. The players Intended
to put in. the afternoon practicing, but
so many wanted to see the sights that
there were not enough left to play. There
ar«» fourteen men in the party and they
will ' line . up In the following order, their
weights being given: 1 Williams 160, cen
ter; Young, 160, right guard* Grenn, 145,
left guard; Godwin, 165, right tackle;
Schlldt, 212,' left tackle: Smith, 155, right
end; Dyke, 148. left end; Bensel, 140,-right
half; Davis, 150, left half; Saunders .190,
full; Moon, 148, quarter; Paine, Baker and
Arkett, substitutes.. '. . ,..:..- .:..„.
It is easy to see that the team is much
lighter than the varsity. Schildt, the
left tackle, who" played on the famous
Carlisle '99 eleven, says the team will de
pend on its auickness to win, as It Is
gTeatly handicapped In weight. For In
stance, Green, who plays against Over
all, only weighs 145 pounds, while hla.op
ponent weighs about 210 pounds.
Northern Men Will Depend Upon
Their Quickness to Win as They
Are Light in Weight.
CHEMAWA INDIAN ELEVEN
HERE TO PLAY BEBKELEY
Pounded Out of the Box in the Fifth,
Seattle Scores 23 Buns.
SEATTLE, Wash.. Oct. 23.— Newton was
pounded out of the box in five innings to-day
and the whole Los Angeles team showed a de
cided yellow streak. Dillon .finished the game
and the locals allowed themselves to be re
tired because they were tired of running around
the bases. Score:
n jt jp
Seattle J. 1 3 4 15 10 8 x— 23* 24* . fl
Lb» Angeles. ...1 0 0 1 1 1 0 0 1—5 10 8
Batteries — St. Vraln and Byers; Newton,
Dillon and Spies.
PORTLAND. Or.,' Oct. 23. — Cutter waa an
easy mark for Portland to-day and " to add
to it San Francisco put up one of the- most
miserable exhibitions Of fielding seen here this
reason. Thieltnan was a puzzle and the hits
Ban Francisco secured were mostly harmless.
The game was called In the seventh Inning
on account of darkness. Attendance. 4000.
ScOre \ ' T 1 ;^ R. H. E
Portland ....... ...'.0 0 1 0 8 11— ll" 9* 3
San Francisco 10 0 0 10 0—2 6 8
Batteries— Thielmaa and Arthur Anderson;
Cutter and Zeartoss. Umpire— O'Connell.
NEWTON IS BADLY PUNISHED.
By New York Morning .TelegTaph.
First race — Star Gazer, Crime, Lar
ry Wilt
Second race — Quaker- GHrl, ,Kllo,
Our Lillie. ;";—,:
Third race — Dr. ScharfF, Optimo,
Dolly Gray.
Fourth race— Miss Crawford, Old
Stone, Lord Hermence.
Fifth race— Pierce J, Varna Fon
so, ; Morris Volmer.
Sixth race — Hetzel, Avoid, Fettif
jolih. ;' \ , j
Seventh race— Neversuch, Captain
Gaston, Wilhelmina.
ST. LOUIS SELECTIONS.
ST. LOUIS ENTRIES.
ST. LOUIS. Oct. 23. — St. Louis entries:
Flrst^race, uille and Bev€nty yards selling,
three-year-olds and upward — King's Court 00,
Sweet Charity 09. Honda 85. Class Leader 98,
Alborac 08, Crime 95, Heglra 101, Eocrys 102,
Dr. Holscher 88, General Dix 00, Cotnmena 98.
Star Gazer 107, Sweet Dream 102, Larry
Wilt 07.
Second race, five and a half furlongs," selling,
two-year-olds — Haven Run 102, Lady- Fbnso 05
Soufriere 100, Lookaway 103. Kilo 103, Sadie
Burch 85, Lady Thistle 106, Bird Pond 100
Lemon Girl 100, Frank Collins 102. Our Lllli«
100. Rusk 103, Lady Free Knight 101, Quaker
Girl 106.
Third race, six furlongs, selling, three-year
olds and Hi) — Lady Idris 9S, Budwelser 90 One
More 100, Tom Crabb 103, Sid Silver 107, Dolly
Gray 105. Dr. Scharft* 103, Miss Guldo 100,
Tommlo Knight 96, Zlrl 100, Joe Goss 106, Re
venge Dare 03, Optimo 101, Mocorlto 109.-
Fourth race, one mile. Forecast handicap,
two-year-olds — Bugler 96. Lord Hermence 101,
Walnut Hill 08. Miss Crawford 113, Old Stone
120, Don O'HiKh 96. Imboden 107.
Fifth race, one mile and seventy yards, sell-
Inir. three-year-olds and up— False 102. Emily
Oliver 104. Nettie Regent 99, Morris Volraer
107, Exapo 03, Sting i>8. Pearl Diver 90. Bird
Slayer 95. "Venus Vlctrlx 94, Discus 04, Pyrrho
100. Varna Fonso ..98, Loone 99, Pierce J 103.
Sixth race, one mile and seventy yards, three
year-olds and up— Pourquol Pas 92, Jack Young
!>.", Avoid »2, Jigger 100, Hetzel 100, Pettijohn
»2. Annie Max 100. Bengal 105, Mallory 100.
Seventh race, one and an eighth miles, three
yrar-olda and up, purse — Sardlan 95. Wllhel
mlna 97, Neversuch 100, Golden Glitter 100,
Second Mate 95, Treacy 05, Captain Gaston 100.
Weather cloudy; track fast.
SIXTH RACB— One mile; selling:
Betting. Hcrse Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
4 to 1— Fmljohn. 00 '(Foley) .... 7 6,1 5
15 to 1— I-ew Dorsey, 96 (Johnson) 5 2 2 2
10 to 1— Kingsielle. 100 (Perkins). 6 3 8 1
Time; 1:41%. Start good. Won easily.
Winner. Stubbs .Bros.' ch. c. by Darian-Quad
ruple. Weird 105, Aules 105, Helen Print 105,
Bengal 104. Prosper la Gal 108, Nearest 110,
also ran.
FIFTH RACB— Mile and Yeventy -yards;
rnrse: .- ' ¦ ¦•
Betting. Horse. .Weight, Jockey.- St. % Fin.
5 to 2— Yellow Tall 107 (King).. 4 4 11
12 to 1— Athelroy. lfo (Smith) ... 3 2 23
2 to 1— L. fitrathmore, 108 (Austn) 113 3
Time. 1 :40. Start good. Won easily. Win
ner. J. Hackett & Co. 'a ch. h. by Watercress-
Palloma. Buries Cochran 100,. Jigger 100,
LJeht Opera 100. also ran.
FOURTH RACE— One and an eighth miles;
handicap: -
BetUnc Horse. 'Weight. Jockey. Bt. « Fin. :
7 to 2— Flintlock. 105 • (Calvlt) .... & 1 16 ;
6 to 1 — Aladdin. 1C0 (Sheehan)... 2 4 2 H .
11 to 6— B. McCarthy, 106 (Mathw) 1 3- 8 h . '¦
Time. 1:56., Start good. Won easily. Win
ner. J. K. Hughea' ch. g. by Knight of Ellers- 1
lle-Flash in the. Pan. Monsieur Beaucaire 106,
also ran. . - •- : -
THIRD RACE— Five and a half furlonga;
purse: '
Betting. Hors* Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
2 to 1— Annie Davlo. 108 (Austin) 2 2 12
4 to 1— Mendon. 108 (C. Miller)... 8 3 2 10
4 to 5— Merrie George. 107 (Shehn) 1 1* 8 1%
Time, 1:08.' Start godd. S Won easily. Win
ner. T. P. Hayes' br. t. by Loyalist- Valertana.
Kin»cboro 107, Brilliants 107, C. D. Williams
103, also ran. " ¦ " * - -
SECOND RACB— Six furlongij pur»e:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. &4 Fin.
6 to 1— A\-old, 100 (Foley) ...... 5 6 1 ltf
10 to 1 — Tom Manklns. 93 (Andrsn) 7-42 nk 1
7 to 1 — Sharp Bird. 112 (Miller).. 8" 1 8 1H
Time, 1:13. Start good. Won easily. Win
ner. L. A. Honlg's b. t. by ¦ Tithonus-Touch
Not. Jlmalon 106, r«dy Free Knight 93,
Hindi 107. Elastic 112, Water Tower 107,
Radium 96, also ran. %
ST.- LOUIS, Oct. 23.— An attractive
card, pleasant .weather ' and a j f aa t
track drew a big crowd. to the fair
grounds to-day. The feature event
waa won by Flintlock at 7 to 2 in the
betting. Monsieur Beaucaire waa running
well and apparently had the> race won, but
bled after entering the stretch and was
pulled up. Summaries: . .'. •¦; I
/'FIRST RACE— Flv« and ¦> half furlonn:
pura«: .... : . . .. ¦. ..-, .
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
4 to 1— Toupee, 107 (Donegan).. S t 1 tk
7 to 10— Sanctum, 110 (Sheehan). B 1 8 4
10 to 1— Wooda Petrr 107 (Foley) 4O8h
Tlm«. l:06H. Start good. Won driving.
Winner. B. W. Marders &.Co.'» br. c. by
Tenny-Florte. Orient 107. Tom Olney 100, Ben
ton 97, Enlshone 110. Bill Rye 107, Bel Couer
110, also ran.
Special Dispatch to Tb» Call.
Stolen bases— Casey 2. McL&ughlln, Doyle.
Errora — Sheehan 2, Euan, Devereaux 2, Mar
tlnke, Rockenfield. Two-base- hit — Messerly.
Sacrifice hits — Graham, Hlldebrand. First bas »
on errors— Oakland 2. Sacramento 3. First base
on called balls— Off Hitt 7, off FiUgerald 2.
Left on bases — Oakland 6, Sacramento 9. Struck
out By Hitt 7. by Fitzgerald 2. Hit by pitch
er — Casey, McLaughlln, Gorton. Double play —
Schwartz to Messerly. Wild pitch — Hitt. Time
of game — Two hours and 5 minutes. Umpire —
McDonald.' •
SUMMARY.
Sacramento .......1 0 0 1 1 0 0 0 0—3
Base hits ...0 0 0 2 2 0 10 0—5
Oakland 0 00 0 0 0 4 0 x — i
Base hits 0 10 0-1130 x — 6
.;'Twas*a lucky day for the Cripples all
around. Up to the seventh round they
could not approach Fitzgerald. Then
Gorton led oft with a bingle to center and
an error let Hitt arrive at first. O'Hara
beat out a bunt and Rockenfleld drew a
puss, which forced Gorton home.
Murdock lined one to Casey. He threw
the ball to Egan and Truck let* the leather
elide away from him. On this play Hitt
scored. Schwartz responded with one
that went away over Casey's head and
Rockenfleld and O'Hara registered with
the lart two tallies of the 3ay. The score:
Oakland — • . Sacramento—
AB. R. H. P.A. • AB. R. II. P.A.
O'Hra.cf 4 111 0 Casey,2b 31122
tlcknfld.il 3 1 0" 1 1 Hldbd,lf. 8 0 0 2 0
Murdk,rf 3 0 0 0 0 McLhn.rf 8 1 1 1 0
Shwtz.2b 4 O 1 3 {• Doyle.of . 5 O O 5 0
Mrtnk,3b 4 0 11 lBgan,B..'4 O 1 O 1
Musrly.lb 4 0 1 12 1 Bhehn,3b 3 110 4
Devn.s.. 3 0 113 Orahm.c. 2 0 0 2 1
Oorton.c. 2 118 2 Hoean,lb 3 0 1 TO
Hitt.p... .11 0 0 3Ftzgrld,p2 0 0 0 2
McKay.p. 0 0 0 0 O'Knell... 10 0 0 0
Totals SO 4 6 27 161 Totals 29 3 6 21 10
•Batted for Fitzgerald In ninth.
RUNS AND HITS BT INNINGS.
The score was • 4 to '3 in favor of the
Cripples , when Knell went : In to bat for
Fitzgerald In the ninth. Hitt unwound
himself in a manner terrible to behold
and frightened the veteran so badly that
he promptly fanned. Then . Hitt took a
voyage- sky ward and pitched twelve wide
ones In a row, walking Casey, Hlldebrand
and McLaughlin.
Only one was oait-andl*he Senators were
confident ' of victory. ' So •were the fans.
Peter chased : Hitt.- from the • mound and
Into the box walked McKay. He threw a
baU-and a"etrike to Doyle. Then the bat
ter landed on one S and away It went
toward' right field. .. . •
•The-. fans! yelled like mad and Mike
Flshex -was preparing to, gQ. home, when
Schwartz "suddenly arose into the sky,
pulled down the drive and winged it over
tclleeserly, completing, a , double play
and ending the game when it seemed the
Senators would make a hundred runs.
saw a game of hall that .was posi
tivelytbV limit It was slow and tedious,
brilliant at times and wound up with a
double play, in the last spasm, allowing
the Cripples to, get away- with the glory
by .the smallest margin that ever hap
pened here. Score: Oakland, 4; Sacra
mento, 3. '/¦*>;',
"That unknown quantity, Mr. Hitt, with
the .original Bwing on his southern wing,
was jtiven & chance to shine on the Oak
land slab and the way he performed
would 'give ' heart disease to any one,
whether he knew anything about the
game or not. He" was good sometimes
and then again he was so bad that some
of the; fans "threw their hands skyward
and begged. Peter to remove the lad and
go to, tha front himself.* Mr. Hitt was at
last removed In the ninth inning after
he had walked three In a row and struck
one out. ZfuVS.'^ .
\'A W. I* Pet. I W. I* Pet.
lyis Angls.118 68 .624lSeattle 84. 89 .48«
Ban Fran.. »5 98 .49T!PortIand .. M' 90 .4S3
Sacrata'to . 90 02 .^'Oakland .. 79 110 .418
THE few; rabid fans who watched and
waited ' through ¦ nine • innings at
Recreation Park yesterday afternoon
BTANDINO OF THE CLUBS.
Cripples Win by - Landing
V on 'Fitzgerald for Four
Runs in Seventh" Round
Excellent Card and a- Fast
'Track at the Str Louis
Grounds/Delight a Crowd
Hitt Walks Three in Ninth
and Pete's Second Base-*
, man Grabs' Doyle's Liner
Monsieur- Beaucaire Has to
Be Pulled Up When /Mak
ing an Easy Run for Wire
SCHWARTZ SAVES
THE GAME WITH
A DOUBLE PLAY
FLINTLOCK WINS
A FEATURE EVENT
BY AN ACCIDENT
Boxer Smith Challenges McAtdiffe.
Billy emith. the former West Point
« "f 1 ";,!? * mxlous to fig-ht Australian Jack
McAuIiffe under any conditions the latter
nay r.arne. mMmekm&mmam.
- ACOMA, Oct. 23. — The twenty-round
ix«ut scheduled to take place at f.he Ta
'•oma Theater to-rSj?ht between Rufe Tur-
: '2T Jack McClelland has been called
ga; Mayer Campbell has given notice that
r.e will not prnnit the tight to take place.
No Prizefights at Tacoma.
GARDEN CITT. L. I., Oct. 23.— At the
conclusion of to-day's play In the Inter
collegiate annual golf tournament on the
Garden City links only two of the thirty
three collegians who «tarted In the con
ten for the individual championship were
left in th© race. The survivors are Frank
Relnhart of Princeton and W. C Chick
of Harvard. They will meet to-morrow
in the final round of thlrty-fiix holes to
decide who phall have the honor which
»as won last year by I-L Chandler Egait
The latter was prominent all through the
present tournament, but waa defeated by
another Harvard player. TV. C. Chick, In
the final round this afternoon.
Two Left in Golf Tournament
Special DUsatch to Tha Call.
CHICAGO, Oct. S3.— The selling and
claiming: war which has been waged
by MoCafferty Bros, during the
"Worth meetlnff broke out afreslr to
day and for a time there was much
chanslcs of ownership. "When the smoka
cleared away J. J. McCafferty led "Mary
McCafferty away for 11300, which was |800
above her entered price. Then W. D.
Twyman, former owner of the filly, re
taliated by claiming: Stem Winder for $900,
as he was entered for $500.
Jockey Ferrell piloted three winners
across the winning line. The- talent took
a bundle of money from the bookmakers,
as three favorites and two second choices
won. There was no feature- on the card
to-day, it being: the poorest programme
offered during the three weeks of racing.
The track was fast, the weather clear and
cold and the attendance good. Summaries;
FIRST RACE— On« mll«: selling:
Betting. Horao, Weight. Jctekey. Et. % Fin.
9 to 2 — Ledus. 107 (Ferrell) 9 2 11
5 to 2— Frank M, 102 (Pollalt)... 2 8 2H
16 to 1— Pcnca, 102 (H. Phillips). 4 131
Time. 1 :41 2-5. Start fair. . Won easily.
Winner, T. II. Ryan's b. g. by Brutus-Leda.
Atheola. W2. James J. Corbett 110, Sweet
Tooth 105, Captain Hamm 10T. Benson Cald
well 107. Harvester 102, Mary Moore 102. Paul
Whaley 102. Icenl 102, Oscar 102. alsu ran.
SECOND RACB— One and a slxtesntn railee;
felling: ¦
Betting. Horse, W«ight, Jockey. Et % Fin.
13 to 5— Mezio. 97 (J. Booker) 4 1 1 2^£
4 to 5— Glenrlce. 102 (Wilson) 3 2 24
18 to 5 — S. Maxim. 100 (Phillips) 13 3 5
Tim», 1:47 1-5. Start fair. Won easily.
Winner. P. Dunne's br. f. by Chorister- Marsa.
Fair Lady Anna 9S, Boundary 96, Odran 96,
also ran.
THIRD RACE — Six furlongs; selling:
Betting. Horse, Weight, Jockey. St. % Fin.
7 to 5— XL McCafferty. 96 (Wilsn) 1 1 1 3H
5 to 2— Stem Winder, 102 (Phllps) 5 3 2 H
CO to 1— Goodman, 99 (Ferrell)... 6 0 8 4
Time. 1:14 1-5. Start good. Won easily.
Winner W. D. Twyman's b. f. by Bensatlon-
Sieve. Bensonhurst 100, Cardwellton 104. Na
bocklish 10S, Christine A 101. Lady Radnor
104. Bard Burns 10S, also ran.
FOURTH RACB — One . mll» and seventy
yardf; selling:
Betting.. Horse. Weight. Jockey. Bt. % Pin.
2 to 1 — C. Thompson, 103 (Wilson) 3 1 1 h
12 to 1 — Pronta, 104 (Davisson).. 2 5 2 4
7 to 1— Alfred C, 110 (S. Bonner). 5 2 3 1
Time, 1:44 3-5. Start gooa. Wen handily.
Winner. E. Trotter & Co.'s b. g. by Appo
mattox-Forget Me Not. Attilla 10,>, Louis
ville 99, Bard of Avon 107, Alee 93, St. Slmon
ian 10S. also ran.
FIFTO RACE — Seven furlongs; purse:
Betting. Horse. -Weight. Jockey. St. "4 Fin.
O to S — Mansard. 107 (Ferrell)... 5 115
9 to 1— Examiner. 110 (PhillipB). 0 4 2 2%
CO to 1 — XIaxus. 97 (S. Bonner).. 7 3 3 1
Time, 1 :2G 2-5. Start good. Won In a canter.
Winner. E. J. Smith's b. g. by Flor!st-Fedal
rna. Wainamolnen 105, Whisky K^ng 1CS.
Coruscate 107, Galanthee 105." Bob Ferrell 102,
also ran. ._..--.'- .
SIXTH RACE — Six furlones; selling:
Betting. Hon?e. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
•3 to 1— S. of Fortune, 100 (Ferll) 4 3 12
40 to 1— Larhaperbne, 92 <Bookeii 8 6 2 V%
9 to 10— Ralph Young. 05 (Wilson) 12 3 4
20 to 1 — Instrument. 103 (Pollak) C 1 4 h
•IMsQuallfled for foul.
Time. 1 :14 2-5. Start rood. Won easily.
Winner H. H. Burline's b. f. by Requital-
Anna B. Louis Kraft 103, Carmellta 97. Cor
oner Kelly 95. Blandford 100, Trapsetter 99,
Anna J 97, Plea S5, also ran.
WOBTH ENTRIES..
CHICAGO. Oct. 23. — Worth entries:
First race, seven furlonijs, selling — Jim Hale
104. Ledus 1C2. Belle Mahone 102. Antolee 102,
Charlie Grainger 102, Eva's Darling 102. Lam
poon 102. llarlin 100. Capable 03, Ivernia 90.
Henry McDaniels 00. Florestan 97. Alee 97,
Spec "82.
Second race, five furlongs, eeljinir — Big Ben
ir&. Lighthur.t 108. Xabockllsh 108. Quiz II
lCCi Louis Wagner 105. Never Fret 105. Card
¦neilton 101 Ben«onhurst 101. Mayor Johnson
KX-. Filly Deck 100. Lowly 05.
Third race, one mile, Fort Dearborn handi
cap—Golden Rule 120, Judge Hlmes 113. Wlt
fuil 112, Colonial Girl 111. Toah 10S. Schwalbe
105. Sidney C Love 104, Ethyler.e 104. Hav
iland 102 Grejror K 102. I Know 100, Proceeds
100 Dr. Stephens 03. Alfredo 96. The Don 90.
Fourth rax-e. one and a sixteenth miles, han
aic?p — Incubator 108. Major Tenny 105, By
ways 104. Ethylene 103. Nitrate 103, Eda Riley
{W Pt. Tammany 03. Bondage 91. Luralighter
0.i| Louisville 02i (Tenny and Byways, Hil
flreth entry.)
Fifth race, five and a half furlongs — Clifton
Forge 113, rtainland 113. Witchcraft .110, Or
derly 105. The Hebrew 103. Ananias 103.
Olar.por iO-1. Prince " Silver' Wlnss 103, King
Ellsworth 103, William Wrlffht 103.
Flxth race, one and a half miles, selling —
Finfral 103. Brief .102. Tancred 100, Miss Liza
fl!) Lady Chorister 00. Compass 80, Airlight 97,
Tii'ts S>9.
• Weather cloudy; track fast.
WOBTH SELECTIONS.
By Chicago Inter Ocean.
First race— Antolee, Ivernia, Mar
lin. - _
Second race — Never Fret, Big Ben,
Mayor Johnson.
Third race— Witfull, Golden Rule,
Toab.
Fourth race — Incubator, Major
Tenny, Ethylene.
Fifth Tace — Witchcraft, Clifton
Forge, William Wright.
Sixth race— Airtight, Brief, Fin
gal.
LOU DILLON'S TIME TBIAI#
AT MEMPHIS IS POSTPONED
Weather Conditions Are Unfavorable
for the Peerless Trotting Queen's
Attack on Mile Becord.
MEMPHIS, Tenn., Oct. 23.— On account
of untoward weather conditions', Lou Dil
lon did not attempt to lower her record
to-day. The attempt was postponed un
til to-morrow. Summary: ,\
2:16 trot, puree $1000 — Ax Delltfht won two
straight heat» In 2:13Vi. 2:12»4. Turley, Mll
lard Banders. Austin Boy, Hugh Wlnna and
Bonner al?o started.
2:20 trot, purse |200<V— Jay McQreiror won
two straight heats In 2:10Vi, 2:09%. Judg«
Green, Klnney, Lou and Colonel Direct also
started.
2-25 pace, puree S10O0 — Dlrectum Miller won
neeond and third heate, each In 2:09%. Liny
Salte wont firet heat In 2:11%. Ethel Me, An
gus Fointer. Mary Gordon and Natnalla Brown
2-06 pace.' cn« mile dash, parse $400 — Clipper
won Jn 2:07%. ' Foxy Curd and Quote also
6 Wa^on race, trotting, amateur drivers — Wal
ter Smith won second and third heata In
2-16'i, 2:16. Charlie Mack won flret heat In
2:17%. Piig also started.
Half mll« dash, paclns, amateur drivers—
John M (Mr. Smathers) beat Green Llns (Mr.
Billings). Time, 1:00%.
Cross Country Walk for Olympians.
The last cross country walk of trie sea
son for, the members of the Olympic, Club
will be held to-morrow. Leaving this city
on the 9 o'clock boat for Sausallto, yie
members will then travel by special train
to Fairfax, where the walk will com
mence, the members being led' by Cap
tain Max L. Rosenfeld. The;party will
find a substantial luncheon provided for
<hprr.
Breakfast Is never late If .you use a
eas ranee; ten minutes is enough to cook
ft. We sell ranges. S. F. Gas and Elec
tric Co., 415 Post street. •
SIXTH RACE— BelMns; for two-year-olds;
T'-rse; eix furlong-s:
B*"ttir.jr. Burse Weight Jockey. St. «; Fin.
*. to S — Goidfn Drop. 1C7 (Fuller) 1111
4 to 1— Tci Far.. 108 lOTfelll) -.2 2 2 1^
12 to 1— Woodfhade !»S <F1sher).. 3 4 3 l' a
Time. 1:13 2-5. Start fair. "Won driving.
Winner, J. E. Madden'* br. f. by Hamburg-
Goutre d'Or. Souriere 106, Judge 97, Monet
105 M. Theo 1C0. Xinepln 102, Belle Murphy
K.T. Snort Cske »4, Silver Days 114, Runic
:«4. San Remos 1C2. also ran.
BSIGHTON~BEACH ENTREES.
NEW YORK. Oct. 23.— Brighton Beach en
tries: '
Fir*t rare, five and 'a half furlonts. maiden
t«ro-y«ar-tiid6 — Gay Liizette 107, Briery 107,
•';¦•.- I^cthario lll>. Algxinquin 107. The Bowery
"••1 Tctn«-ss 1C7. Mcr.socn 107. L«dy Mirthful
¦'. Sir Carter 1C7. Fine Art 307. Rob Roy 110.
' ; lhon:c 110, Panlque 3C7. Briarthorpe 107,
nkten Mallow 1«7. Pol Roper 110.
ra<-*% aboot two and a half miles.
Si -r.dlcap Chant I -ly steeplechase — Baron Pep
,.« r l.V\ Judre Phillip" 138, Enripht 150, Ten
,>n<jW 120. Gyr*!-: KI2. Gasear 130.
Third race, fix fiirlinrs. Produce .stakes —
r.a'r. or Fbire 317. Fialwart 1T2. Orthodox 109.
IJk-k Turrin 111. Gold Dome 107.
Fourth race, one and a quarter miles. Wil
low handicap — Salvatflla fl3, Eugenia Barch
109 Starrnir.K Grgur.d 100, Illyria 90, Sheriff
Bell 97 Hurstbourre 113, Daisy Green 05, Lux
Cat-ta 100 GoM Bell *S. I>»rd Bade* 93.
Fifth race cne and a sixteenth miles — Bob
Billiard «». Hjlfin<l 105. Gloriosa 102. Contend
110 Payne TO, Paikal 100, Cottage Maid 102,
AH Gold 1**!. Btfefea 1W. Gaviota 95. Iyvket
101. Conundrum 1CS. Mary Street 05, Early
Eve 103, pwcmitard? I>8. Unmasked IC6.
Sixth race, six fuHrnc*. hishwe'.srht hanai
rpn Younr Ilenrv lift. p a uJ Clifford 104. Ice
water 112 Gay I^y 1^». Wealth 1*0. Ingold
' i~rt rnmafkod l?0, North«Tn Star 194. Ascen
ffon 11f», BrtradiPr 132, Monograph 108. Damon
110. Girdl'' 103. Elsie L. 100. Contusion 103,
Woather rlnufly; track fa at.
BRIGHTON BEACH SELECTIONS.
By N"€w York MornlnR Telegraph.
First race — Bob Boy, Algonquin,
Gay Lothario.
Second race — Baron Pepper, Judge
Phillips, Gascar.
Third race— Dick Turpin, Stal
wart, Gold Dome.
Fourth race— HurEtbourne, Daisy
Green, Stamping Ground.
Fifth race — Conundrum, TTnmask
¦ d. Gaviota.
Sixth race— Northern Star, Young
Henry, ClonmelL
FIFTH RACE — SeWn*; for three-year-olds
and upward; one and an eighth miles:
r,o!t:rs. Hcrse Weight Jockey. St. »4 Fin.
7 to .V- Da!?y Green, lOO-miglns) 1 1 1 *4
J<5 to .V- Tribes Hill. Ill (Picking) 4 9 2 h
S to 1 — Br"rand. lus (Redfern)... 5 5 3 h
Tirr.K. 1 :.%4 4-5. Start fair. Won easily.
Winner. J. G Follansbee's b. f. by Ba^setlaw-
Uxtract. Stonewall U4 Blue Victor 104. Anl
moeity 107. Outsider 105. Mary Worth 98, Al
len 00. Lord Advocate i03. also ran.
FOURTH RACK— For three-year-old*; purse;
one and an eigrhth miles;
BeUins. Horse Weight Jockey. St. «i Fin.
.3 to 4 — n<*>tan3. 321 <6<iom) 2 2 11
•3 to 2— Wild Tlrroe US (Redfrn) 13 2 2
IS to 1 — Colonsray UC CHicks) ... 4 4 3 8
40 to 1 — Gold Bell. 108 <JIlchaelF) 3 1 4
Time. 1 :54 2-S. Start good. Won driving.
Winner. Hampton Stables' b. c by Russell
• Jalcna II. Four starters. 'Wild Thyme fin
ished second; disqualified for beins short of
weight.
THIRD RACE— Handicap for two-year-olds,
eix t ur . ¦ :: u .- :
IJettlns:. Hcrs«. Weijrht. Jockey. St. «i Ftn.
1 to 1— Wotan. 117 <Hicks) 1112
8 to 1 — runnyslde, 112 (Burns)... 6 C 2 n
3 to 1— Tuice Kiiig. 112 (O'Neill).. 3 2 3 1 4
Time. 1:13. Start fair. Won easily. Win
ner. Harrpton Stable's b. c. by Wagner-Unde
cJOed. Auromafttr 104. Mollnoj 100. Monastic
117. Eurhr&ta 1OS, Ostrich 1OS. Haransrue 110
and Tom Cod 1C5 also ra.n.
:. tiling. Here*. TYcijrht. Jockey. Et % Fin.
2 to 1—11. Worth. 113 (Burns).. 4 1 1 14
:»>e 1<»— High Chtc:r..lll(O'Nei:i) 2 3 2 3
IS to 1 — Fmurita, JOS (HiKSlns).. 5 2 31
Time, 1:12 S-5. Start poor. Won cifclly.
Winner. J. Worth's ch. i. by EC Georgn-Ethel
Thcmat. Merry England 111, lllyrla 118. Au
rietvHle 113. Invincible 12G, Akela 110 and Sil
ver Fizz 111 a ¦ ran.
SIXOKD RACE — For three-year-olds, poise,
¦ furlor-s? :
dey, end the crowd was the smallest
' the meeting. Less than 4000 persons
..ore present. The card was a poor one
.ind class was lacking in most of the
• vents.
The feature was the Choice stakes for
'year-olds at a mile and an eighth, and
¦ fairly high-class field vras entered. The
> ther races had filled well and scratches
v ere not numerous. The track was in
:;r.o condition, but a strong wind made
Tsxt time Impossible.
For being two and a half pounds short
of weight. Andrew Miller's filly Wild
Ihyme, which had finished second to
Rostand In the Choice stakes, was dis
qualified. Colonsuy thus became second
:-.nd Gold Bell third. Redfern, who rode
the horse, charged his colored valet with
carelessness In not having placed In the
pockets of the lead pad all the lead which
!;c:ped to bring the Jockey's weight up to
HI pounds.
The disqualification was costly to the
; i.kmakcrs. who laid against Colocsay
end (iold Bell, second and third. The
.^'twards fined rtedfern $200 as a reminder
to be more careful In future. Summaries:
FIRST RACE — For maiden three-year-olds
and upward, purs*, cne and a sixteenth miles:
letting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. SL »i Fin.
6 to 1 — Eollna. 107 (Gannon) 2 o 1 n
; to 0 — Peeper. 107 (Fuller) 112 3
• to 1 — Leve KotM. 107 <S.SallinR). 7 3 3 2
Time, l:4P?a> Start lair. Won driving.
.'. inner. J. GaJtray'e b. t. by Belvldere-I^g
aey. Heir Apparent 1C7, Grantadale 107,
Hands Across 107, Dr. Bissell 107, Tact 107,
Vu;t Blanche 107. Rathbrlfie 107, Queen Eliza
beth 207. \Vil!:am Pigeon 107. La^ara 107,
I nek Roberts 107, Zadock 107, Roa^ner 110 and
Trepan 107 «.l*o ran.
BRIGHTON BEACH RACETRACK.
N. T.. Oct. 23.— A wintry wind whis
tled through the open grandstand to-
CpMUl Xnsp&tca to TiM Can.
Jockey Redfern Fined and
Warned to Be More Watch
ful of a Careless Valet
Renewal of the Selling
and Claiming War Makes
New Changes in Owners
Wild Thyme Finishes Sec
ond at Brighton Beach,
tut Is Then Disqualified
The - Bookmakers Suffer Se
verely in Several of the
Events at Worth Track
TALENT ANNEXES
A LARGE BUNDLE
OF EASY MONEY
ROSTAND MAKES
A GOOD WINNING
IN A HIGH CLASS
SPORTS OF THE RUNNING AND TROTTING TURF, THE DIAMOND AND THE PRIZE RING
JOHNSON FEELS
CONFIDENT OF
BEATING McVEY
BIG GUS KOSTER
LIES DOWN WHEN
HE IS PUNCHED
Tom, Sullivan, Thoigh Not
in "Condition, Wins Easy
'Victory. : Over \ Teamster
Claims the Sugar-Beet Fed
Boxer From' Oxnard; Can4
snot VHitHim .All -Night!
Betting .Is ,at Even.-Moneyi
but It <Ma'y GoAo Teh to
Eight "at Ringside
Mrke' Synfy and a Second
; Joe .Walcott Furnish Great
S] Four-Round Comedy Bout
THB.'going at. the Sen Francisco Ath
letlo Club last night was slightly on
the wane. Out of seven bouts on the
. card only two or three were up to
the usual, high, standard. The main at
traction of . the entertainment was a dis
appointment. Inasmuch as the chief fac
tor, Gua Koater, quit in the second round
of | the" bout and old Tom. Sullivan, who
was wont to perform In the palmy days,
celebrated his return to the ring with a
victory. ¦' - - *v*
Sullivan was fat and had about as crach
business in a prize ring as a temper anca
lecturer Yet ' he showed ' that his old
time cleverness has not deserted him and
as far as tha bout went he had Koste?
looking like a monkey.
Koater began to play for Sullivan's
stomach, which was the real thing for
size. But the big fellow was wise enough
to keep at a distance when the teamster
came to him and he got off with a few
slight wallops.
Koeter began to rush Sullivan around in
the second and made a few of the peopla
think the latter was due to take a fall on
the carpet for keeps. But suddenly tha
old-timer brought over his light and it
shot Into Koster's Jaw. The teamster
stalled for a while and then Sullivan be
gan to rush him. He went down in a heap
without being hit hard and stayed there,
while the multitude yelled for Sullivan.
Mike Synfy, the "terrible Greek." and
Buck Sullivan put up the strangest scrap
ever seen inside of the roped arena. Synfy
la tail and weighs about ninety pounds
with his Tuxedo suit on. The other fel
low is shorter than Joe Walcott. twice as
thick and positively the funniest • thing
that ever stepped Into a prize ring. They
wrestled and tu&sled about that enclosure
for four rounds and the mob went wild
with delight Synfy knows a little about
the game, but Sullivan never saw a fight
before. Synfy got the decision, although.
no blow* were struck and no one waa
hit but a spectator, whom, Sullivan
bumped against.
George Henry knocked out William Fer
guson In two rounds. Jack Adams fin
ished Joo Regan in three; Plerpont Ord
way settled Joe Harklns In tha tam«
period, and Charles Augustus made, Jus
tin La Grave Quit after a minute of ac
tion.
Bptcl&l Dispatch' to Tho Call.
LOS ANGELES. Oct. 23.— The Uttle hap-:
penlngr between . Jack- Johnson and
Bam McVey for the colored boxing
championship will occur next Thurs
day evening at Hazard's Pavilion. It is
exciting more Interest in* Blackvilie cir
cles than any social " function that; has
token place for some time, tha' Madison
Square cake walk not excepted.
The giant Ethiopians h'ave been' guar
anteed a $1000 purse by Manager McCary
and many are wondering where 'the lat
ter Is "going to get off at." The" seating
capacity of the pavilion is 3S0O and as the
prices for this occasion have been tilted
a bit there is every probability of a $8500
house. '¦•'''
Both fighters are reported In excellent
trim ' and . each looks the part. Johnson
will enter the ring weighing 1S5 pounds
and will be seconded by Mike Shaughn
essy. Australian Tim Murphy and Kid
Solomon. McVey, shorter in height than
his opponent, but of more stocky build,
will tip the scales at 215 pounds. Al
though the last time the pair met John
son received the decision at the end of
the twenty rounds, the betting is now
even money, though Johnson will un
doubtedly be a 10 to 8 favorite at ring
side.
On their former mlx-up Billy Roche
of Oxnard, the astute manager of Me-
Vey, was 111 with pneumonia and it is
claimed there were "doings," aa some
smart money was wagered on Johnson,
with a guarantee that .there was no
chance to lose. Roche himself admits
that he has been told that he was handed
one. Rocha says there will be no. hold
ing back this time. His man has a
punch in either hand .and will go in to
win or get whipped in short order.
Because of his contagious good humor
Jack Johnson is popular down this way,
and more especially down in Blackville,
where the pin money for a year of many
a household will be staked on the chances
of Jack. Should he lose, Jack's name is
down for an awful fist beating and pos
sibly just a few razor remarks. Before
he began training Mistah Johnsing an
nounced a decided preference ' for that
palatable bird, the chicken.- For break
fast Jack has a squab chicken and a mess
of hoecake. For lunch a two-year-old
hen fried In four equal parts is partaken
, of and at dinner time Jack demolishes a
'ropSter and a half, two dozen hot bis
cuits and a few other miscellaneous.
Then the admiring | boarders listen to
Johnson's megaphone moan, "An" daf 9
the way to spell c-h-1-c-k-e-n." ' .
If confidence will return a winner. John
son 'will walk in. In referring to the
bugar beet fed toon from Oxnard, Jack
says, "Why, he won't hit me all night."
Johnson is assuredly the more clever
man of the two and will try to rattle Mc-
Vey with stinging lefts, retaining his
right for the ebony gloss process at the
finish. /
It has been claimed that Joe Walcott's
great-great-grandfather held the cocoa
nut-throwing record down in South Af
rica for ten consecutive years, and Mc-
Vey, who never sailed a craft on Bantry
Bay or never belabored an opponent over
the* hea# - with a shillelah at Drogheda
fair, as his name might Imply, looks aa
if he might be kin to Walcott. Billy
Roche says his man will reverse the for
mer decision sure and the Los Angeles
gamblers eagerly await the coming of the
Oxnard contingent. More than unusual
interest attaches to this affair,, as It Is
thought Champion Jim Jeffries will \ultl
mately agree to fight the . winner. If he
does there is little danger of a total
eclipse. It looks as if Charley Eyton
would be chosen" refered.
Frankie Neil picked up a lively bird
the other evening in Johnny Reagan and
got a draw. Neil entered the ring suf
fering from a severe • cold * in the head.
Impairing his breathing apparatus, and
his work lacked its customary enap and
vim. Reagan is no punisher, but his
maneuvering was extremely clever. Nell
had the better of the contest at that and
if his finish In the twentieth round could
have been attended with more dash the
decision might have been his. In the sev
enteenth round he had Reagan's bread
basket well flattened out, but could not
land a "drop curtain."
F. E. MULHOLLAND.
PALO ALTO STOCK FARM
-nrp-p-<rpg TO BE S0U> EAST
Last Consignment From too Famous
Breeding Establishment Goes to
New York Sales Ring.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY. Oct. tS.—
Within a few days the famous Palo Alto
trotting farm of the lata Senator Stanford
will be a thing of the past. The last of
the tvotting stock which has produced
so many record breaking horses and es
tablished a reputation for California bred
horses will be shipped from Palo Alto to
New York to be sold at auction.
The dispersal sale of the far famed
Palo Alto trotting stud will be held at
the "Old Glory" auction at Madison
Square Garden ¦ New York, commencing
November 23. The brood mares and stal
lions that will be sold are the dams and
sires of some of the country's fastest
trotters. The sire of Major Delmar, who
recently trotted a mile In two minutes,
was a Palo Alto bred horse, while both
the dam and sire of Lou Dillon are of
California breeding.
The consignment from the Palo Alto
farm will consist of three stallions, thirty
brood mares and nineteen yearlings. The
stallions are:
Exloneer. sired by Boodla <2:12&)» dam Ex
cresaive (2:12*4); Monb«lls (2:23%), «lre Men-
Uocino (2:1»W). dam Beautiful Bella <2:2SV?>;
Nozote (2:2SH). »lre •Whips (2:27%). dam Jo
sie Among the brood mares are: Aerolite,
half sister of Arion (2:07%), «lred by Palo Alto
CJ-OSTi): Expressive (2:12%). sire Electioneer:
Helena <2:11&), sire Electioneer; Sunollto, half
¦later of Sunol, world's champion trotter In
1SU1 sire Advertiser; Rowena (2:17) dam of
Rowellan (2:0!>%). The others are Alula. An
teveo. Aria (2:16%). Athena (2:151$) Avana
tt!*19W. Avenada. Coral (2:18%). Cresalda
(218*4). Elden (2:19*i). E«perita, Liska. Lucy
neer ' Lude Lula Wllltes, Lustrota. Maiden.
Novelist. Palatine (2:1S>, Pallta (2:16), Rowj
moat, Susera, Sweet Rose. Sweetwater and
¦Wildmont. . .
The sale of these horses will bring the
famous Palo Alto trotting farm to a close.
Superintendent Frank Covey will proba
bly go East to attend the sale of the stock
which has been under his charge so many
years.
HIGH SCHOOL TEAMS TO
MEET ON" THE GRIDIRON
Oakland and Berkeley 'Will Decide
\~. Championship of Central
League.
OAKLAND, Oct. 21-The football teams
of Oakland and Berkeley High schools
will meet to-morrow afternoon on the new
gridiron at Idora Park, In the same
which will decide the championship of
the Central Academic League. The play
ers of both teams are determined to win
and the gam© will be hard fought from
start to finish.
, The teams are two of the strongest in
the State League and the winner of to
morrow's game will stand a splendid
chance of capturing the State champion
ship: The game will be called at 2:30
sharp and there will be a large delega
tion of "rooters" from each school to urge
the player's to do their best.
Coursing Notes.
The only representatives of California
In the Mississippi Valley Futurity, Raby
Aurora and Rocker Arm. did not survive
the first round. Rocker Arm was beaten
by Paul Jones. He Is by Bright Chain-
Imp Mlnnane. and is owned by Mcsconl
Bros, of Denver. The score was 8 to
2 Rocker Arm leading by a length. Raby
Aurora was beaten by Celtic by a score of
12 to 7. The winner led by two lengths.
Victor Noble has lost Manhattan Kin;*.
the runner-up In this year's Futurity. Ho
died after a five-minute course.
Coursing will be resumed to-morrow at
Sacramento under. the auspices of a new
club, in which Ed "Walsh, owner of Sac
ramento Boy, is one of the prime movers.
The club officials have applied to the
California courslngr committee, for a li
cense.
THE SAN FB ANCISCO CALL, SATUBDAY, OCTOBER 24, 1903;
Continued From Page 7, Column 7.
DELEGATES VISIT CLIFF HOUSE,
LEXINGTON, Ky., Oct. 23.-lt was an
nounced this afternoon that W. C. Whit
ney had closed a lease from A. J. Alex
ander for fourteen years for 1000 acres of
the Wqodburn farm. He will remove all
the horses at the La Belle stud, as well
as his English stock, to Woodburri. "
Whitney Leases Famous Farm.
Fifth race, one and a. sixteenth miles, Mott
handicap — Solon 116, M. F. Tarpey IMJ Brace
100 Grail 06. Dr. Short 90. • . ¦ *
Sixth , race one milt, selling— Augle 109
Wachusett 109. -BIlly'Moore 100. Searcher 102,
George Dewey 109.
; Third race, flve-elghths of a mile selling—
Adnor 111, Meteora, 111, , Roltalre 111. Phvz
106. Ingo 111. Gusto 114. OHvlo 106.
Fourth race, six furlongs. • selling — Sir Chris
topher 112. Frank Pearce 112. Myrtl* II 112
Dwlght Way 112, Esternell 112, Madame Blshoo
112, Kl Pllcto 112, Judge Napton 112.
First race, Pasadena stakes, 2:17 trot, $500—
Andy McKlnney. Dan Fraser, Rosell Potrero
What Is It, Hank. Sweet - Marie, Coronado,
Red Skin. . , %
Second race. ! seven furlong*, selling — Limber
Jim 107. Ulm 107 gherry 107. Dr. Worth 107,
Adrca 107, El Pilar 107, Rlxford 107 Igabel
llta 107. ¦
LOS ANGELES ENTRIES.
LOS ANGELES, Oct. 23.— To-morrow's
entries: -"•¦••
8«ven furlongs, selling — Miracle ¦ II * 109
(Knapp). 5 to 2, won: Loyal 8. 109 (I. Powell)
S to 1. second; Marelio. 111. (See), 2 to 1 third'
Time. 1:271$. Respirator,. Step Around and
Flamero also ran.
.With a. chunk of weight off . and "Big
Bill" Knapp in the saddle, Teufel came in
for steady support to win the third run
ning race, a five and a half furlong sprint.
Knapp brought the McGrane entry from
behind, but could not quite overhaul Our
Pride, also one of "the' favorites. "Hie
show fell-to Mary Nance, a 15 to 1 out-
Bider. .
Jim Curl's Miracle II waa In where he
belonged to-day and In the ' concluding
seven-furlong recital, with Knapp on his
back, won somewhat handily from L.oyal
S at the wire. The latter made all the
running and received nice handling at
Powell's hands. Willie See had the leg up
on Marelio, the 2 to 1 favorite, which
dropped in third.
F. E. MUL.HOLLAND.
THE SUMMARIES.
LOS ANGELES. Oct. 23.— Weather fine;
track fast. Summary:
Green class, r.ace, purse (500:
Highball (Vance) .... 11 1
Ira (Ma ben) 2 2 2
Victor Platt (Sampsal) .....4 3 3
Toughnut (Kent) 3 4 Dis.
Time. 2:14%. 2:14, 2:17.
Five furlongs, selling— Annie Marie, 104
(Chandler). 1 to 2. won; Charles Schweitzer.
103 (Crosswaite), 4 to 1. ««cond: Leonado, 105
(Tullett). 10 to 1, third. Time. 1:02. Sol
Smith, Rosserlo and-Toltec also ran
Six furlongs, sellings — Penance, 10T (Hen
derson), 4 to 1. won ; ¦ Casador. 107 (Paatwy), 7
to 2, second; Martin Brady, 107 (Lt Spence'r),
8 to >. third. Time, 1:15.. Bicycle, Camules,
Annie P, Cannell, Honduran and Inspirator
ahio ran. . ¦ . . - .
Five and a half furlongs, selling — Our Pride
106 (I. Powell), 2 to 1, "won; Teufel, 104
(Knapp). 2 to 1. second; Mary Nance 104 (J.
Lewis). 10 to 1, third. Time. 1:08%. Nellie
May, Legal Maxim. El Pllar, Ingo and Pllon
also ran.
One and a quarter miles, selling— Admetus,
102 (Kunz), 2 to 1, won; Erne, 107 (Knapp) l
to 2, second; Dug Martin. 98 (Hlldebrand) 4
to 1. third. Time. 2:00. Prestolu* and Head
strong also ran. .
Charley Schweitzer was much. the best
of the two-ycar-oldi starting in. the first
running, event, but the bungling ride of
Crosswalte landed the Ubtrtine gelding in
the place. Chandler on the 1 tc> 2 favorite
Annie Marie made all the -running- and
lasted Just long enough to beat the. fast*'
coming Schweitzer a short head. Leonado
took show honors. . .
In the six-furlong selection next ren
dered Penance/ with Henderson In ¦ tlie
saddle and 3 to 1 in the ring 1 , defeated a'
cheap band, leading from start- to fialah.
Cazador, under the best handling Passej*.
could give him," secured the , place from
Martin Brady, the 8chreiber entry.' Bicy
cle, the favorite, must have punctured a
tire. ~
In the running events only two ! favor
ites, Annie Marie and Oar Pride, . earned
brackets. i
The public nad to face on an average a
45 per cent book, which It did. with'Spar
tanllke' fortitude. The place prices laid
would wring tears : " from -i an /'Egyptian
mummy.- ¦ '- ' - -^/...j. ,...¦,.--¦.
.High Ball downed Ira In three straight
heats for the green class pace, i selling: a
pronounced choice in ths pools. Toughnut
was lame and Victor Platte appeared out
classed.
11
ADVERTISEMENTS.
J§|1 '"The Three
jjjl Ages of Man.
Jj§lJ^ * In childhood, middle life and old age
p^^g there is frequent need of the tonic
R:||||S properties that are contained in
, p^HEUSER-BUSCA/^
|M^^^T^T^T? > *S9*fl79^8vSR V TPtADt MARK*
is nature J s greatest assistant — not a
%w^*oHt^^^^y4 dark beer but a real malt extract —
positively helpful, non-intoxicating.
Sold by dru 2gi 3ta - Prepared only by ths
WlKaHfll Anheuser-Busch Brewing Ass'n
.¦_---¦¦¦¦ ' . - * VTo Japan— 1605 bbls flour, 16,397 lbs sugar,
1664 lbs chocolate. 2514 lbs 26 pkgs meais,
1,402,000 lbs salt. 538 cs canned goods. 600 lba
hops, 9 cs syrup, 21 ' cs honey, 6795 lbs dried
fruit, 11.730 lbs 8 pkgs raisins, 21 ctls oats,
1623 lba 5 cs cheese. 6 bbls 3 cs . salmon. 169
pkgs groceries and provisions, 11 cs candy, 6
cs wine, 3232 lbs bam and • bacon, 2478 lbs - 1
cs butter, 33 bxs fresh ' fruit, 1640 lbs nuts, 7
pkgs paste, 9 cs bread, 320 lbs codfish, 240 lbs
lard, 10 cs mineral water, 2312 lb* bran, 224
rolls 3 cs leather. 42 pkgs machinery, 318 pkgs
bicycles and sundries, . 302 bxs soap, 14 .pkgfc
agricultural . Implements. 100 risks quicksilver.
To Honolulu — BOO bbls 1 flour, 130 bxs fresh
fruit. 700 lbs meal, 1201 lbs beans, 160 lbs tea,
315 lbs dried tfruit. 313 sks potatoes, 41 sks
onions, 2400 lba ham and bacon, 15 cs canned
goods, 3204 lbs soda, 302 bdls. pipe, 9 cs soap,
10 cs matches, 2 pkgs machinery, 4 pkga dry
goods. tagBOSHKIBQhM
The steamer Siberia sailed yesterday for
Hongkong via Honolulu. Yokohama and Ma
nila with a general merchandise cargo, valued
at $380,605. exclusive of treasure and distrib
uted as follows: For Honolulu. $6427; Japan,
$147,378; China. $157,159: Philippine Islands,
t:.y.s:,U; East Indies. $6O14; Korea, $4768. The
leading exports were aa follows:
Merchandise for. the Orient.
The British chip Imberhorne was cleared
yesterday for London with 64,099 cs canned
salmon, 11.630 cs canned fruit, 9005 ctls bar
ley, 9275 gals wine, 403 cs honey, 190,447 lbs
cascara sagrada and 275,250 lbs tallow, valued
at 1428,261. The vessel also had 20,000 ft
lumber as dunnage, valued at $300.
A Cargo for London.
Matters of Interest to Mariners and
Shipping Merchants.
The tark Albert returns to Honolulu with
general cargo.
NEWS OF THE OCEAN.
The fteamer Nome City, which arrived yes
terday at Seattle, reports that the Eureka Is
having a hard time towing the disabled Me
teor. The tug Tyee will be dispatched from
Pert Towrsend to aid the Eureka.
Eureka Finds Towing Hard Work.
The army transport Sherman left Guam Oc
tober 22 for Manila. The Sumner. bound from
Manila for New York, arrived yesterday at
Suez and the Logan left Xagasakl for this port
via Honolulu.
Army Transport Movements.
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED
Friday, October 23.
Stmr Chas Nelson, Gunderson, 33 hours from
San Pedro.
Stmr Brooklyn, Walvlg, 4 days from San
Pedro, via Kyxbees Landing 12 hours.
Stmr Coos Bay. Nicolson, 63 hours from San
Pedro and way ports.
Stmr Scotia, Erickson, 11 hours from Bowens
Landing.
Stmr Geo W Elder, Randall, 83 hours from
Portland, via Astoria 45% hours.
Stmr Pomona, Swansen, 18 hours from Eu
reka.
Stmr Rival, McClements, 74 hours from Wil
lapa Harbor.
Schr Advance, Oeidnessen, 7 days from Co
quille. - - -.
Schr Newark, Relnertsen. 12 hours from
Stewarts Point; up river direct:
Schr Bella, Jensen, 7 days from Sluslaw
River. . 1
Schr Ruby, Korth, 7 days from Coquille
River.
Schr C A Klose, Gruggel, 7 days from Slus
law.
Schr Ocean Spray, Petersen, 7 days from
Siuslaw. „
CLEARED.
Friday, October 23.
Stmr Umatllla, Nopander, Victoria; Pacific
Coast Steamship Co. ¦
Stmr Cook Bay, Nlcolson, San Pedro; Pacific
Coast Steamship Co.
Stmr Siberia, Smith, Hongkong, etc; Pacific
Mail Steamship Co. '
Stmr 5anta Rosa, Alexander, Ban Diego;
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
Stmr Chas Nelson, Gunderson, Portland; E T
Kruse.
Ger stmr IfIb, Groot, Hamburg; J D Spreck
els & Bros Co.
Br ship Imberhorne, Lever, London; Balfour,
Guthrje & Co. ' .
Brig Lurline, Forest, Altata; Hlckman &
Masterson.
SAILED.
TELEGRAPHIC.
1 Friday. October 23.
Stmr Areata. Nelson, Cocs Bay.
Stmr Umatilla, Nopander, Victoria and Port
Townsend. • v
Stmr Siberia, Smith, Honolulu, Yokohama
and Hongkong.
Stmr Santa Cruz, Glelow. Port Harford.
Stmr Empire, Macgenn, Coos Bay.
Stmr Brooklyn. Walvl*. Fort Bragg: \
Stmr Arctic, Reiner, Eureka.
Stmr Despatch. Levlnson; Portland.
I Stmr Chas Nelson, Gunderson, Portl.-nd,
with schr Olua In tow.
Stmr Ruth, Reed, Bowens Landing.
Stmr Gipsy, Leland, Mosa Landing and way
ports. •
Ger stmr Isis, Groot, Hamburg and way
ports. ' . ¦-...-.
Fr bark Amlral Courbet, Glochee, Ipswich.
Schr Bessie K, Merrlam. San Vicente Land-
Ing. . v. - • ¦
Schr Olga, Waldwlck, Eureka, In tow stmr
Chas Nelson. ' • ¦
POINT LOBOS, Oct 23, 10 p m— Weather
hazy; wind W, velocity 12 miles per hour.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
ABERDEEN— Arrived Oct 23— Schr Fred E
Sander, from San Diego. . ; . •
TACOMA— Arrived Oct 23— Stmr Tacoma,
from Yokohama.^ • ' '
NOME — In port Oct S — Br.atmr Manauense,
from Seattle.' .'„¦'¦•¦' • ¦
ASTORIA— Arrived Oct. 23— Stmr Homer,
from Dutch Harbor: Br . stmr Algoa, hence
Oct 20. : . ¦¦ . - ' ;-.•¦¦.
Sailed Oct 23 — Br ship Australia, for Syd
ney. ¦ [¦"-"¦" .
EUREKA— Arrived Oct 23— Stmrs Corona
and Eureka.- hence "Oct 22. -¦-.•
TATOOSH— Passed -In Oct 23— Stmr Santa
Barbara, hence. Oct 19: ship Hecla, ' hence Oct
7, for Port Hadlock; schr Expansion, from San
Pedro, for Tacoma; stmr Rainier, : hence ¦ Oct
20. J for Seattle. '. - - ; ¦
Passed out Oct 23 — Br «hlp Crown of Eng
land, for Mollendo ; stmr W; H Harrison," from
Seattle.-for ; ¦ brig W G . Irwln, for San
Francisco.-' ¦ M. ••¦ »- : ." : '.•
PORT TOWNSEND— Arrived • Oct .23— Schr
Lyman D Foster,, from Honolulu ; schr Robert
Lewers, ' from Honolu!u.*'*^tta!}* a 5Sl™ ( l!3B8WPi£9K
: ' WINSLOW— Arrived 'Oct 23— Bktn ' Robert
Sudden, :from San^Pedro. : •{''' "
: REDONDO — Arrived 'Oct 23-^-Schr .Nokomls,
from Grays * Harbor: ochr Melrose. from As
toria; *tmr Noyo. from Fort ' Bragg.
R PORT HADLOCK— Arrived Oct 23— Schr
Laura ( Madsea, - from .Alaska. • ¦
Sailed Oct . 23 — Bktn : Retriever, for San
Francisco. ¦ - *WH
BAN DON — Arrived Oct 23— Stmr. Chico,
TO ARRIVE.
Steamer. From. Due.
San Pedro. . . Humboldt Oct. 24
G.Lindauer.. Grays Harbor Oct 24
Queen Puget 8ound Ports Oct 24
Wyefleld Nanalmo Oct. 25
Phoenix Mendoclno Oct. 25
S.Monica San Pedro ,...Oct 25
Edith Seattle Oct. 25
Eureka Humboldt Oct. 25
Bontta Newport & Way Ports. Oct. 25
Ramses Hamburg & Way Ports. Oct. 20
F. H. Leggett. Humboldt Oct. 26
Her0 Oyster Harbor Oct. 20
Newbursr San Pedro Oct. 26
State of Cal.. San Diego & Way Ports Oct. 26
Corona Humboldt Oct. 26
Coronado Grays Harbor Oct. 27
Redondo Humboldt Oct. 27
DelXorte....- crescent City Oct. 27
Chehalls Grays Harbor Oct. 27
Chlco Coqulllo River .Oct. 27
Columbia..... Portland & Astoria ....Oct. 27
Alliance Portland & Way Ports. Oct. 27
A . rcat . a Co °s Bay & Port OrfordlOct. 27
£ lcarla Hamburg & Way Ports. lOct. 28
E er VC*^"w"' New York v!a Panama. lOct. 28
North Fork.. Humboldt Oct. 29
Centennial Seattle & Tacoma lOct. 28
£ omona J Humboldt [Oct. 29
Santa Rosa.. San D ie KO & Way Ports Oct. 20
Point Arena. . Mendoclno & Pt. Arena. Oct. 29
City Puebla.. Puget Sound Ports Oct. 29
Curacao Mexican Ports lOct. 29
Coos Bay San Pedro & Way Ports]Oct. .29
Amer. Maru.. China & Japan |Oct. 31
6. Barbara... Seattle & Olympia. ...|Oct. 31
« a ' nle r Seattle & Whatcom Nov. ,1
St. Paul Nome via Seattle...... Nov. 1
Portland Nome via Seattle...;.. Nov. 1
?; V. Elder Portland & Astoria. .... Xov. 1
Alameda Honolulu IXov 3
Umatllla ' Puget Sound Ports |Nov. 3
TO SAIL.
Steamer. Destination. Sails. I Pier.
October 24. J
M "Dollar" }?" An f T eleB Ports. I 9 am Pier 2
Ban Pedro" rayS Harbor ••••12 m Pier 2
Iwua h 08 An * eIes p °rt«. 12 m Pier' 2
PU Arena ' ' " u 1 tnbol A °t * pm Pier 2
ri. Arena. . p o int Arena 4 pm Pier 2
Ccos Bay.. San Ped ro & Way. 9 am Per 11
Barracouta. N . Y . vla Panama ; 12 am JJ
_ ,, ' October 25. -
I"osl c ray^ L, Harbor 4 pm I Pier 2
fe. Rosa San oiego & Way. 9 amIPler 11
P°™° na - ;• • Humboldt ......... 1 :8o? Piw "
G. W. Elder Astori a & Portland 11 am Pl« 24
October 2U. 1
*.- Leggett.. Lob Angeles Ports. 4 pmlPier 10
XewburK... Grays Harbor 4 pm Pier 10
Eureka Humboldt 12 m Per l"
J. Dollar... Seattle & Tacoma. 10 am Pier 2
Mariposa... Tahiti . 11 am Per 7
October 27.
Coronado... Lo S Angeles Ports. 10 am Pier 10
Redondo... Log Angeles Ports. 4 pmlPier 2
Nevada... Honolulu 3 pm Pier' 23
Rival Willapa Harbor 12 mtPler *
October 28. . 1
Phoenix.... Mendoclno City.... 1 pm I Pier 13
Corona..... Humboldt ......... 1:30 plrier 9
Bonita Newport ' Way Pts. 9 am) Pier 11
Queen Puget Sound Ports. 11 am Pier 9
October 2». I
State of Cal San Diego & Way. 9 ami Pier 11
Sierra Sydney & Way Pta. 2 pm Pier 7
Alliance.... Eureka & Coos Bay 5 pm Pier 16
October 3O. - .
Arcata Coos B.& PtOrford 10 am Pier 13
Californlan. New York direct. . .;.... Pier 23
Columbia... Astoria & Portland 11 am Pier 24
Chlco Coquille River 5 pm Pier 2
October. 31. | " 1"
Coptic. ....'. China & Japan....! 1 pm Pier 40
Acapulco... N. Y. via Panama. 112 m Pier 40
N. Fork.... Humboldt 5 pmlPier 2
. November 2. ¦ .:; . ] > ..
City Puebla Puget Sound Ports. 11 am Pier 8
Centennial.. Seattle & Tacoma. 10 am Pier' 2
FROM ; SEATTLE.
Steamer. - For. . Sails.
Nome City.... Cooks Inlet & Way: Pts. Oct. 25
Dolphin...... Skagway & Way Ports. Oct. "26
CltyTopeka.. I Skagway A. Way Ports. Oct. 28
Dlrigo. . » Skagway. &. Way Porte. Oct. -.30
Excelsior Cooks Inlet tc Way Pts. Nov. 1
City Seattle.. Skagway & Way Ports. Nov." 2
Bertha. ...... Valdez . & Way Ports . . Nov. . 7
Cortage City.- Skagway & Way Ports. Nov. S
Movements of Steamers.
The Time Ball ' on the tower of the Ferry
building was dropped exactly at noon to-day —
1. e.. at noon of the 120th meridian, or at 8
p. m., ¦ Greenwich time.
J. C. BURNETT.
Lieutenant, U. S. X., In charge.
lime Ball.
Branch Hydroeraphlc Office, U. S. N., Mer
chants' Exchange, Ean Francisco, Cal.,
October 23. 1903.
Time and Heights of High and Low
Watert at Fort Point, entrance to San
FrancUco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE — The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about 25
minutes later than at Kort Point; the height
of tide la the same at both places.
SATURDAY. OCTOBER 24, 1903.
Sun rises 6:26 a.m.
Sun sets 6:20 p. m.
Moon sets 8:33 p. ro.
O iTimel ITime Time Time!
P j \ Ft. I Ft. Ft. Ft.
* |H W| |L W H W L. W|
2l 2:40 4:8 7:22 2.8 1:82 5.3 8:20 <U
25 3:36 4.7 8:17 3.0 2:23 5.0 9:12 0.3
26 4:33 4.6| 9:25 3.2 3:24 4.7 10:05 0.6
27 5:30 4.7 10:42 3.2 4:22 4.4 11:00 0.8
28 16:21 4.8111:69 3.0 5:32 4.2 11:50 1.0
29]7:06 4.8] 1:00 2.7 6:40-4.1
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tides
.the early 'morning tides are given In the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day in the order of occurrence as to time; the
fourth time column gives the last tides of the
day, except when there are but three tides, as
sometimes occurs. The heights given are in
addition to the soundings of the United States
Coast Survey charts, except when a minus ( — )
•ign precedes the height, and then the number
given Is subtracted from the depth eiven by
the charts. The plane of reference is the mean
of the lower low waters.
To East Indies — 1021 cs asoorted canned
goods, 345 cs canned salmon, 6000 lbs hops,
1400 lbs dried fruit, 3 cs codfish, 1 cs meals.
To Korea— 200 bbla flour, 236.1 lbs meals, 150
lbs raisins. 300 lbs salt, 680 lbs lard, 23 cs
canned goods, 740 lbs dried fruit, 27 pkgs gro
ceries and provisions, 560 lbs sugar, 29 pkgs
hardware. 10 pkjjs machinery. 30 bdls shovels,
12 cs assaying material. 15 pkgs furniture.
To Philippine Islands — 1000 casks bottled
beer, 2536 ca assorted canned goods, 29.295 lbs
salt pork, 14 pkgs groceries and provisions, 15
cs mineral water, -18 bbls flour, 736 lbs nuts,
1600 lbs coffe*. 55* cb llquorfl. 125 cs whisky,
400 lbs ralEins, 2350 lbs meals, 70 pkgs baking
powder, 1000 bales hay. 617 gals wine, 1120
lbs soda. 12.377 lbs bran. 25 cs honey, 2900
lbs bread, 52 cs pickles, 94 bxs fresh fruit, 11
cs syrup, 639 lbs lard, 6 cs salmon, 100 cs
frozen oysters, 20 cs spices, 2 ctls potatoes, 21,
313 ft lumber. 5 pkgs machinery, 12 kegs nails,
992 lbs cement, 11 cs boots and shoes, 14*cs
rubber goods, 17 pkgs agricultural implements,
600 kegs white lead, 1 ca firearms, 60 bbls oil.
10 pkgs dry poods, 130 bxs soap, 27 pkgs bicy
cles and sundries, 126 pkgs drugs and sundries,
9793 railroad ties, 14 head cattle. 4 hogs, 60
bxs candles. 50 pkgs wa^on material, 14 cs
electrical supplies.
To China— 25,955 bbls flour, 4188 lba cheese.
CS4 lbs meal, 6 cs bread, 631 lbs butter. 660
lbs hops, 1550 lbs codfish, 989 lbs ham and
bacon, 22S0 lbs 17 pk*s dried fruit, 38S0 Ib3
beans. 15O lbs raisins, 1537 c* assorted canned
goods, 17 cs 10 pkgs salmon, 262 gals whisky,
164 gals wine, 600 lbs tobacco, 4201 lbs gin
seng, 251 pkga fresh fruit, 61 pkgs groceries
and provisions, 600 lbs lard 85,418 lbs dried
fish, 800 sks potatoes, 6700 lbs pearl barley, 14
pkgs dry goods, 6 pkgs machinery. 52 rolls 1
bdl leather, 8 pkgs sewing machines, 6 bbls 5
cs oils.
131 bdla pipe, 47,342 lbs lead pipe. 41,870 lbs
sheet lead, 14 pkgs drugs and sundries, 11 pkgs
dry goods, 3 head cattle, SI pkgs building ma
terial, 2000 bales cotton.
Join at Honolulu— R. H. Brown, Mr*. R. H.
Brown. J. W. Ford, Mrs. J. W. Ford. H. Horn
etein, T. B. Lawler. C. Rapelyea. Mrs. Rapel
yea, C. Schlesinger.
Hongkong- — Mme. Azoulay, Miss Cora. XV.
Bailey. Mrs. R. Beaumont, C. A. Bailey. Dr.
C. L.*Bare; Mrs. C. L. Bare, son and daughter;
Mrs. L. L. Babb. Rev. H. P. Boot. Mrs. H. P.
Boot, L. S. Bleck. H. L. Beatty. F. H. Buck,
Mrs. F. H. B»ck and son. Mrs. L. Brown. L.
t*. Collver. Mrs. M. A. Crosley. R. H. Crunden,
Mrs. R. H. Crunden and son. Miss J. M. Cart
wright. Mrs. J. S. Chahoon. Mrs. E. E. Custer.
C. M. Dietz, Mrs. C. M. Dletz and son, Gould
DleU. Miss A. P. Duncan, Mrs. H. Duryea.
Dr. C. K. Edmunds, John Eaton. ¦ Mrs. John
Eaton, Rev. F. Eckerson. XV. D. FarlR. J. B.
Flshburn. J. J. Fi?her. L.. H Gray. Mrs. L.
H. Gray »nd child. Mrs. J. H. GUI. G. F.
Holcomb. F. H. Hart. S. Haywood. Miss M.
Harvey. Mrs. M. P. Keane, Theo. Lewis. Miss
C. Lopez, Rev. XV. G. McClure, Mrs. XV. G.
McClure and servant, G. S. Mackenzie, Mrs.
G. S. Mackenzie. Mies M. Means. M. G. Miller.
R. Muller. Miss Mary Nichols. C. E. Pierce.
E. C. Rew. Mrs. E. C. Rew. H. C. Rew, O.
Ruebhausen.. H. H. Robinson. Miss J. Robin
son. Mls« L. Robinson, Edward Sterling:. Mrs.
Edward Sterling. L. S. Smith. Mrs. L. S. Smith.
E U Stone. Mrs. M. S. Seeley. Mrs. A. C.
Stebbtns. J. C. Thompson. J. B. Tangeman,
Miss M. Tennant. J. E. Wilson, Mrs. J. E.
Wilson, D. J. Williams. Mrs. D. J. Williams.
XV. H. Vhlte. Mrs. *$ H. White. M. H. Walk
er, Mrs. M. H. Walkaj* Mrs. A. D. Welch. F.
B. Wood, Mrs. E. A. oilman, Hon. Beekman
Winthrop Mrs. Beekman Wlnthrop and maid.
Chin Way Tee. P. P. Van Vleet, Mrs. W. D.
Farts.
Kobe — Rev. G. E. Albrecht. Rev. H. C.
Whiting. Mrs. H. C. Whiting. Miss N. Whiting.
Nagasaki— Rev. G. Hondellnk, Miss B. Mun
day. Miss I. Munroe. Mrs. R. Powers. R. H.
Sarjrent. Miss X. A. Thomas.
Manila— F. Abren. Joseph Bailey. Mrs. H.
C. Cabell and t»vo sen-ants. Master H. F. Ca
bell, F. S. Clarke, Mrs. F. S. Clarke, Miss A.
M. Frothlngham. Miss G. Granger. Miss M.
IUe Miss A. L. Ide. Miss M. A. Kolp. Miss M.
McLean. Mrs. A. P. Preston and two children,
Mrs. A»hton Howard Potter. Rev. C. E. Rath,
Mips R. Reeve, Mrs. J. F. Smith. Mrs. J.
Schlck. M. M. Veloso. Rev. G. XT. Wright, E.
Worcester. Mrs. W. D. Wltham.
Yokohama— Dr. H. X. Allen, Mrs. H. N\ Al
len. MIbs B. R. Babcock, XV. F. Barnes, Ken
neth Bayley, Charles Catlln. Mrs. Charley.Cat
lin and servant. Commodore G. B. Harber, J.
R. Harry. Miss M. Henderson, J. Howard
Holmes, Mrs. J. Howard Holmes. M. Kataya
ma. F. G. KelUer, T. D. McKay. G. D. Malono,
Mrs. G. D. Malone. K. Okura. M. 1 Okura, Com
modore H. Osterhaus, Miss F. Qulmby. E. A.
Semenza. Mrs. E. A. 6emenra. H. K. Tetsuka.
Mrs. H. K. Tetsuka and child. Mrs. F. G.
Kelller.
For Honolulu — G. E. Bryant. G. R. Carter,
Mre. D. W Corbett and son. Mrs. B. F. Crary.
Mies K. Crary. W. G. Cooper, G. R. Cullen.
Mrs. G. R. Cullen. Mrs. W. L. Emory and two
children. O. St. J. Gilbert. E. Halsted. S. W.
Hamm. Mrs. S. W. Ilamm, F. H. Rowland.
Mrs. J. A. Hopper, Miss M. L.. Hopper. P. C.
Jones. W. A. Klnney, Mrs. W. A. Klnney and
son; Mrs. A. C. Uovekln. Infant and servant;
Miss M. J. Mutch. D. J. McKay. D. Mc-
Greggor, Mrs. W. G. Og&, Judge A. Perry, K.
P. Sachs, Mrs. X. S. Sachs, C. C. von Hamm,
Mrc. C. C. von Hamnu A. B. Wood. Mrs. A.
B. Wood and son. M. B. Wood.
have been taken and bids will be adver
tised for right away.
The Siberia looked very big and hand
some as ehe left the wharf. Her immense
cargo caused her to set deep in the wa
ter and as she straightened out for her
run to the Golden Gate her marks showed
her drawing twenty-nine feet forward and
thirty-one feet aft.
Her passengers included the following
named:
Th« names of two' Norwegian barks were
added yesterday to the overdue list. The Clm
brla is out 10$ days from Rangoon for Cape
Town and the Charlonus is out 110 days from
Banbury for Port Natal. They are both quoted
at 10 per cent. The St. Mungo is still quoted
at 40 per cent and the Fl fee hi re at 15 per cent.
Two New Overduea.
STOCKTON. Oct. 23.— An enactment of
the last Legislature which makes it a
misdemeanor for an employment agency
to withhold money from a client unless
a position is secured for him is to be
tested here. Eugene Fredericks, who paid
$160 for a position at Rio Vista, and did
not i secure it, has sworn to a complaint
against William Bales, who conducts an
employment agency. «e claims' that
when ha went ; after the job he could
not get it and that Bales refused to re
turn his money. ,
To Test Employment Agency Law.
For many years the owners of apple
orchards in California have been com
pelled to spend large sums annually to
protect their interests against the codlin
moth. This insect has persisted in laying
eggs in apples and the result haa been
wormy apples unless several costly spray-
Ings of the fruit have been made during
the ripening of the crop.
Now it la announced that Horticultural
Commissioner Cooper has strong hope
that the day of the codlin moth in Cali
fornia will soon come to an end. Several
pests that have afflicted the fruit raisers
of California have been disposed of in
large degree by the introduction of bene
ficial Insects. An enemy for the codlin
moth has been discovered in Southern Eu
rope. The discoverer is George Comperd
of Los Angeles. He found the codlin
moth's destroyer and studied it fully and
to a demonstration of its efficiency. In
Southern Europe there is no need to
spray for protection against the codlin
moth. Its insect enemy keeps it down so
that at least 95 per cent of the apples are
not disturbed.
Commissioner Cooper is so interested in
having the reign of the dreaded codlin
moth ended that he has opened corre
spondence with the Government of West
Australia, which may share the expense
with California of bringing the remedy
from abroad.
Yesterday Quarantine Officer Craw sent
to Cuba a colony of Insects to destroy a
parasite that is preying upon the pineap
ple ¦ industry in Cuba. A similar service
has been performed for Tahiti to save the
trees of various kinds from destruction
by the cottony cushion scale. .
By the breaking of a rope and a steel
hook supporting a steel truss weighing
three tons Peter Anderson was mangled
to death yesterday morning on Seventh
avenue, near C street, in Richmond. The
accident occurred on the site of the Gen
tlemen's Riding Academy In course of
erection. Anderson was digging a trench
in the sand, while th« heavy trues was
being lifted into place. When it had
reached the height of thirty feet the Inch
and a quarter rope which was around
cne end of the truss and the inch steel
pulley hook attached to the other end
snapped and Instantly the heavy weight
plunged downward, striking Anderson on
the back and burying him two feet in the
sand. When' Deputy Coroner Meehan
and Mesenser Frank Murphy arrived on
the scene they were obliged to dig tho
body out of the. eand. Anderson was
fearfully mangled, every bone in his
body appearing to have been broken.
Anderson was a member of the Struo
tural Iron Workers' Union and was 31
years of age. He was married only three
weeks ago. Immediately after the acci
dent /the structural iron worker* quit
work in a body.
C. A. Blum was the superintending con
tractor.
"WASHINGTON, Oct 23.— The Secretary
of the* Interior has completed and for
warded to the Secretary of the Treasury
his estimates of the appropriations neces
sary to conduct the affairs of the Interior
Department for the fiscal year ending
June 30, 1905. The estimates place the to
tal requirement for the department at
$156,000,000, which is about J3.000.000 less
than the appropriation for the current
year. j
The proposed reduction will be made In
the Pension Bureau and the Indian Of
tice. The Estimate for pensions is $136,
800,000, or $1,000,000 less than the appro
priation made for this year. There also is
a cut of $1,800,000 in the estimate for the
Indian Bureau, the estimate for the ex
penses of conducting the affairs of the
five civilized tribes of Indians is $259,695.
The reduction in the pension estimate is
due to a calculation of deaths of pension
ers made by the Commissioner of Pen
sions. . ,.
"Oh no. Look at that diamond and that
combination of awful colors. Bartender
1 puess," offered the second.
"Plain ordinary drummer; dry goods,"
¦was the decision of the third.
"Oh. Mr. Kerrell." said the first of the
girls to the company's general passenger
agent, "come and settle this for us. Who
is tnat tall, thin man in the Prince Al
bort and tall hr.t. and what does he do?"
"That is Tom McKay, the apostle of
evaporated thought," and Kerrell passed
on leaving the puzzled trio still wonder
ing.
Among the Siberia's passengers were
many well known people. George R.
Carter, secretary of the territorial gov
ernment, is returning to Honolulu on the
liner. He has been in Washington ar
ranging for the issuance of Hawaiian
bonds, and although the bonds have not
jet been placed all the preliminary steps
The Pacific Mail Company's liner Si
beria. Captain J. . Tremaine Smith, sailed
yesterday for the Orient with more than
TtO passengers and 9000 tons of freight.
While the majority of the passengers
were Asiatics the big steamship had on
board all the cabin passengers her berth
ing- capacity -would accommodate. An
hour before sailing time tha wharf was
crowded -with the friends of those going
away and piled on the dock near the liner
v.-as a mountain of baggage that consti
tuted a fair sized cargo in Itself, but
•which Captain Dilson, In spite of tba
short time at his disposal, had all snugly
aboard by the sailing hour.
The Siberia- calls at Manila this time
end had for that port considerable freight
and more than a score of passengers. One
of the liner's passengers attracted the at
tention of three pretty girls, whose
guesses as to his identity and occupation
Tvill prpve interesting to the local trans
portation world.
"He's a barber," said one of the fair
tucj^sers.
Big Liner Passes Out of Har
bor Drawing Thirty Feet
of Water.
Three Tons of Metal Falls
Thirty Feet Upon Peter
Anderson.
Many Thousands of Dollars
May Be Saved for
Orchardists.
There Is Also a Cut of
$1,300,000 in Indian
Bureau.
Hook and Rope Give
Way and Bury Work
man in Sands.
Sails With 725 Passen
gers and 9000 Tons
of Freight
Secretary of Interior
Forwards Estimates
Insect Is Discovered to
Destroy Dreaded
Codlin Moth.
CRUSHED UNDER
TRUSS OF STEEL
SIBERIA TAKES
A LARGE CARGO
FINDS A FRIEND
FOR APPLE MEN
BATTLE FOUGHT
WITH SUSPECTS
Robbers Are Cornered
on Train and Two
One Man Escapes i Into the
Woods and Is Pursued
by Officers.
ISHPEMINO, Mich.. Oct 23.— After, a
desperate struggle with three alleged rob
bers of the Superior postofflce, six police
men wounded and captured two of the
trio on a train which arrived here to-day.
Marshal Fandrom, being advised by the
Superior Chief of Police that three men
suspected of the postofflce robbery were
on the train, he and five officers went to
West Ishpemlng, where the train was
boarded. The marshal and two officers
took the rear of the coaches. Patrick Col
lins, with the other two men, went to the
front. The suspects were on the alert and
two of them began firing at the officers
at the rear as soon as they entered. Then
running to the front of the car, they met
Collins and his assistants. One of the sus
pects raised his revolver to shoot Collins,
but the officer fired first, sending the bul
let through the man's hand. The wound
ed man -and another suspect, shot in the
back by the marshal, then surrendered.
The third suspect escaped and started for
the woods. Officers are now after him.
About $100 was found in the pockets of
the two men. " •
Grocer Makes an Assignment.
SAN MATEO. Oct.. 23.— Paul Bettelhelns.
a grocer of this city, has made an as-
Bignment for the benefit of his creditors.
His liabilities are said to be between
515,000 and $20,000. The assets are proba
bly In excess of these figures. J. J. Shutz
of 3an Francisco was appointed receiver
by the Merchants' Exchange of that city
and now has charge of the business,
which is being, carried on as usual. The
failure is attributed to poor collections.
hence Oct 18.
Saijed Oct 23— Schr Onward, for San Fran
cisco.
ALCATRAZ LANDING— Arrived Oct 25—
Ship Marlon Chilcott, from Honolulu.
SAN DIEGO — Arrived Oct 23 — Schr Bertie
Minor, from San Pedro.
SAN PEDRO— Arrived Oct 1 23— Bktn John C
Meyer, from Astoria: schr SausaJlto, from
South Bend: schr Eva. from Eureka; stmr
Bonlta, hence Oct 20; stmr Newbunr, from
Redondo. ¦
Sailed Oct 23— Stmr Bonlta. for San Fran
cisco; stmr Prentlss, for San Francisco: stmr
Newburg, for San Francisco; schr Lottie Car
eon, for Eureka.; . , - '
ISLAND PORTS.
EASTERN PORT.
KAHULUI— Arrived Oct 22— Stmr Nebras
kan, from Honolulu
HONOLULU— Arrived Oct 23— Stmr Ala
meda. hence Oct 17.
Sailed Oct 22— Jap etmr Nippon Maru, for
Hongkong: Ger bark Atlantic, for Taltal.
FOREIGN PORTS.
DELAWARE BREAKWATER— Passed up
Oct 22— Ship Edward Sewall, for Philadelphia.
SAGRKS — Passed Oct 22 — Br rtmr Arara,
from New York, for Manila.
SUEZ — Arrived Oct 23 — U S stmr Sumner.
from Manila, for New York.
NAGASAKI— Sailed Oct 23— U S stmr Lo
gan, for Sari Francisco, via Honolulu.
SAN BLAS— Sailed Oct 22— Oer atmr Ni
caria. for San Ktartcisco.
AUCKLAND — Sailed Oct 24, 4 a m Stmr
Sonoma, for San Francisco. • ¦ . . ,
GUAM— Sailed Oct 22— U S stmr Sherman,
for Manila. ¦ ,.-
GRAVESEND— Sailed Oct 22— Ger Btmr
Memphis, for San Francisco.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
NEW YORK — Arrived Oct 23 — Stmr Graf
Waldersee, from Hamburg.
LIVERPOOL. — Arrived Oct 23 — Stmr Colum
bus, from Boston: stmr Bohemian, from N«w
York.
Sailed Oct 23— Stmr Cevic, for New York.
MOVIL.LE— Sailed Oct 23— Stmr Ethiopia,
from Glasgow, for New York; stmr Ionian,
from Liverpool, for Montreal.
QUEENSTOWN — Sailed Oct 23— Stmr May
flower, from Liverpool, for Boston.
Arrived Oct — Stmr CamDania, from New
York, for Liverpool, and proceeded.
PENSION BUREAU
TO SAVE MONEY
Sun, Moon and Tide.
United States ¦ Coast and Geodetic Survey —
THE SAN FR ANGISCO C ALL; SAT V BD AY, OCTOBER 24. 1903.
12
0CSAU" TBAVEL.
S^xG, r>"\ Steamers leave Ean Fran-
/XjZ c !t co as follows :
/&_ _ VtPV For Ketchlkan, "Wrangel,
/¦I \*^^\ '"*\ Juneau, liair.^F, Sksgway,
I Mf-^yA. i I ' u ' •• A:at<ka — " J l a - m -. Oct.
V V VVffiGft/ A 23. 28. Nov. 2. Change to
VS*iv \\ yS'J company's steamers at Seat-
For Victoria, Vancouver.
Port Townsend. Seattle. Ta-
coma. Everett. Whetcom— 11 a. m.. Oct 23. 2»,
Nov. 2. Change at Seattle to this company's
«tea»ers for Alaska and G. N. Ry. ; at Seat-
tle or Tacoma to X. P. Rv.; at Vancouver to
C. P. Ry.
For Eureka (Uuirbo'.dt Bay) — Pomona 1:30
r. m-. Oct. 25 31 Nov. 6; Corona. 1:30 p. to .
Oct. 22. 2S. Nov. 3.
For Los Ar.geics (via Port Los Angeles and
F.«K5oiido>. San Diepo and Santa "Barbara—
Canta Rosa. Sundays. 9 a. tn.
f tate cf Califon:ia. Thursdays. 9 a. m.
For Los Angeles <via Kan Pedro and East
Fan Pedro). Santa Barbara. Santa Cruz. Mon-
terey. San Simon. Cayucos. Port Haxford (San
Luis Obispo). Ventura and Hueneme.
Coos Bay. 9 a. m. Oct. 24. Nov. 1.
Bonlta. 9 a. m.. Got. 20. 28. Nov. 5. /
For Ensc-nada. ITapdalena Bay. San Jose del
Cabo. Mazatlan. Alta-ta, La Paz Santa Ro-
salia. Guaymas (Mex.). 10 a. rn..'7th of each
month.
For further Information cbtaln folder.
Ripht la reserved to char.g-e steamers or Bail-
"tiCEXT OPP1CES— 4 Xew Montgom-
ery street (Palace Hotel). 10 Market street and
Broadway wharf.
Freight office. 10 Market Ftrtet.
C. D. DUNANN'. General Passenifer Agent.
10 Market ptn?et. San Francisco.
O. R. & N. CO.
"Columbia" eailt Oct. 20. 30, Nov 9 19 29
Dec. 9. 19. 29. "G«orge W. Elder" sails Oct.'
25. Nov. 4. 14. 24. Dec. 4. 14. 24. Only steam-
Fhip !in«? to PORTLAND. OR., and short rail
line from Portland to all points East. Through
tickets to all points, all rail or steamship and
rail at LOWEST RATES. Steamer tickets in-
clude berth and meals. Steamer sails foot of
F;*Er si. at 11 a. m. S. F. BOOTH, Gen.
Art. Pa*s. Dept.. 1 Montgomery St.; C. CLIF-
FORD. Gen. Apt. Freight Dept.. 3 Montgomery.
AMERICAN LIKE.
NETV YOIiK -SOUTHAMPTON— LONDON.
XJ. York.Oct. 28. 10 am'S.Louis.Nov.l4.,9:30 am
Phila..Nov. 7. 9:S0 &m!N.York.Kov.21.»:30 am
ATLAimC TKASTSPOKT LXOT3.
2few York — Xaoncon Street.
Minh'ha.Oct. 31.1 :30pm Mntka..No-\-.14,l:30 pju
Mesa ba. ..Nov. 7. y am' Mir.earls.Nov. 21.7 am
Only Firrt-class Pa?s*-neers Carried.
DormnoN lute.
Boston — Qneeastovrs. — Liverpool.
Cambrorr.an Oct. 29 1 Columbus Nov. 12
Mayflower Nov. S^ommonwealth.Nov. 19
Mcatreal — Liverpool — Short sea passage
<"ax.ada Oct. 31 1 Kensington ....Nov. 29
South wark No\-. 7; Canada Dec 6
Boston Mediterranean Direct *
AZORES-GIBUALTAU-XAl'LES-GENOA.
Vancouver Saturday. November
BED LfAB LlilE.
ITew York — Antwerp — Paris.
Zealand. Oct. 21.10 amiYadld.Nov.14. 10:30 am
Fr.lnd.Nov.7. 10:30 am; Krnld.No\-.21, 10:30 am
WHITE STAB TjZZTE.
ZTew Ycrk— -Qaeenctown — Liverpool.
Sailing Wednesdays and Fridays. \
Aratic.Oct.:;i.'.12:30 pm! Majestic. Nov. 11. noon
Victorian. Nov.3. ".'{ pmjCeltic. . .Nov. 13," noon
Cedric.Nov. 4. 3:30 pm Armenian. Nov. 17, 3 pm
C. D. TAYLOR. Passenger Agt. Pacific Coa«t.
21 Post St.. San Francisco.
TOYO RISEN KAISHA.
<OniENTAL STEAMSHIP CO.)
Steamers will leave wharf, corner First and
r5rar.nan Btreets. at 1 p. ra.. for YOKOHAMA
end HONGKONG, calling at Kobe (Hlogo-)
Napa-sakl and Shanghai, and connecting at
llonrkong with eteamers for India, etc. No
carpo received on board on day of railinir
E. S. AMERICA MAItU .........!„:
Tuesday. November l6"l903
5. S. HONGKONG MARU
Thursday. December 3* 1903
6. S. NIPPON MARC (Calling at Manila)
•.-.' ¦«"¦¦,¦;¦• fffdOTlla >'• December 30. 1903
\ !a Honolulu. Round-trip tickets at reduced
rates. Kor freicht and passage apply at Com-
pany's office. 421 Market street, comer First.
W. H. AVERT, General A rent.
OceanlcS.s.co. ssa sws
ww dir£ci um to mm
R.S. MARJPOPA. for Tahiti Oct 28. 11 a. m
S.S. SIERRA, for Honolulu Samoa Auck-
land and Sydney. Thursday. Oct 29 "•» n m.
6.S. ALAMEDA. for Honolulu, Nov 7'll al mT
4j.OTams4Bm.a,Afiij..Mrt8nict.8<3Eijti!a
C0KFAC5IE CEXEEALE TRAHSATLAKXIQITE.
DIREXTT LINET TO HAVRE-PARIS
Sailing e\ery Thursday ir.ttead of^j?f*M5»
Faturday, at 10 a. tn., from Pier V2. •«* J 2fi£jr
North Riicr, foot of Morten etreet.
First-class to Havre. (70 and upward. Sec-
ond-rlars to Havre. $45 and upward. GEN-
KRAL AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES AND'
CANADA, 32 Broadway (Hudson nuildine)
New York. J. F. FUGAZI & CO., Pacific Coast
Agents, ft Montgomery avenue, San Francisco
Ticket. poH by all Rallmud Ticket Agents.
Mara I«l*n<I aad Vallejo Steamers.
Hteainer CEN. FRISBIE or MONTICELLO—
9:45 a. m.. 3:15 and 6:30 p. m., exceot Sunday,
etmfiay. ».:45 a. m., 8:30 p. m. Leave Vallejo
7 a. rn., 12:30 noon, 6 p. m.. ex- Sunday. Sun-
day. 7 a.- tn.. 4:15 p.m. • Fare. 50 cents. Tel.
Main 150&. Pier 2. Mlsslon-st. dock. HATCH
BROS. - : . ¦¦
THE WEEKLY CALL, $1 PER YEAR.
SOUTHERN PACIFIC
Trains leave and are due to arrive at
SAX FKANCISCO.
(Main Una, Foot of Market Street )
I.»AV» — F»O* OCTOB«a 21. 19CH. — AKXTTB
7 00a Benlcla. Soisun. Ulmlra aad Sacra-
mento Z-2 5 *
7.00a VacaTllIe, 1Vlat«r», Banuer 7.B5r
7.30a Martlne*. 8»o Ramon, ValJejo.
Kapv Callstoga, SaatA Rota 6 25-*
7.30a Niles, Llvermore, Tracy, Lathrop.
Stockton ; 7.25p
800* Davu, Woodland. Kaighu Landing.
MarysvHIe. Orovllle i- 85 *
8 00a Atlantic Expres*— Ogden»ndBa«. 10.25a
8 30a Port Costa, Martinez, Aadoch. By-
ron,Tracy.Stockton,Sacr»jaenu».
Newman, Lo» Banoa, Meadota,
Armona, Lemoore, ¦ Uaaford.
Vltalla. Porterville *.25*
8.30a Fort Cotta, Martinez. Tracy. Lath-
rop. Modesto, Merced. Fresno.
Oosaen Janctlon, Lemoore, Ban-
ford. VlsaUa. Dakenfleld 4-M»
8.30a Shasta Express — Darin, William*
(tor Bartlett Springs). Willows,
tFrnto, Red Bluff. Portland 7.03F
8-50* Viles, Saa .lose. LtTermore. Stock-
ton.Ione, Sacrftmento.PlacerTille,
v MarysTtlle. Cblco, Ked Bluff 4-25r
8.30a Oakdale. Chinece, Jamestown. So-
nora. Tuolumne and Angels ..... 4.25?
9 00a Martinez and Way Stations _6 Sqr
1000a Vallejo- 12-2S*
10.00a El Paso Passenger. Eastsoond.—
Port Costa, Martinez, Bysoa,
Tracy, Lathrop, Ktocictoo,
Merced. Raymond. Trerao, Han-
ford. VlsaUa. Bakersseld, Lo*
Angeles and SI Pmo. (*West-
boand arrives via Coast Line)... «1.3O
10 CO a The Overland Limited — Ogden,
Denver, Omaha. Chlcaf o. 823f
12.00« Hayward. Nll«s and Way Stations. 3.25f
ti .OOf Sacramento River Steamers ti 1 .OOf
3Mf Benlcla, Winters. Sacramento.
Woodland. Knights Landing.
Marysville, Orovllle and way
stations - 'S??*
3.30f Hayward. Nlles and Way Stations.. 7.65F
3.30* Port Costa, Martinez. Byron.
Tracy. Lathrop, Modesto.
Merced, Fresno and Way Sta-
tlons beyond Port Cosu •i?5*
330f Martinez. Tracy. Stockton, Lodl... 10 25a
4 CO? Msrtlnez.San Ramon. VaUejo,Napa,
CalUtoga. S»nu Rosa 9Z5a.
4 OOf Nlles, Tracy. Stockton. Lodl ...... 4.25f
4 30f H»ywanl. Nlles. Irvlagtoa, Baal t8.55A
Jose, Ltvermore \ Ji 1.55a
500f Tho Owl Limited— Newman, Los
Banos. Mendota, Fresno. Tulare,
Bakersfleld. Los Angeles 8.55a
500p Port Costa. Tracy. Stockton 12 25p
t630r Hayward. Viiei and San Jose 7.25a
S.OOf Uaywurd. Slles and San Jose. 10.25a
6.00f Oriental Mail— Otcden. Denver.
Omaha, St. Louts, Chicago and
East. Port Costa, Benlcla, Sul-
¦un. Elmira, Davit, Sacramento,
Rocklln. Auburn, Colfax,
Truckee. Boca, Reno, Wads-
worth. Winnemncca, Battle
Mountain. Elko 4-23*
6. 00f Vallejo, dally, except Sunday.... t 7 e = .
700f Vallejo, Sunday only f _#•»»»•
7.C0r 6an Pablo, Port Costa, Martinez
and Way Buttons 11 25a
8X5f Oregon A California Express— Sac-
ramento. Marysville, Redding.
Portland, Paget Sound and East. 8.53a
9.1 Of Hayward, Nlles and Saa Jose (San-
daronly) 11-55 a
COAST LI N E (Sarrair taage).
(Foot of Market Street.)
6.15a Newark, Centervllle. San Jose,
Felton, Boulaer Creek, Santa
Cruz aad Way Stations. 5-55r
tZ-IEF Newark, Centorvtlle. Saa Jose,
New Almaden. Los GatocFeiton.
- lsoulder Crnek, Santa Cruz and
Principal Way Buttons 10 -55*
415f Newark, Saa Jose, Los Oatos and
waysUtlons t8-55«
c.3 30f Hunters Train, Saturday only. Saa
Jose and Way Stations. Sunday
only returns from Los Gatos 17 25>
OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY.
-rcm BAN * i:A>CISCO. Foot of Market St. (Sit?*)
-tf:15 »:00 11:00a.m. 100 300 6.16 f.m.
rrom OAKLAND. Foot of Broadway — 1«:00 J3:0k
t3:0o 10:00 a Jt. 12 00 200 400 f.m.
COAST LINE (Broad «a«ne). '
QT* (Third and" Townsend Btreets.)
6-10*. San Jose and Way Sutlons 8 30f
7 00a San Jose and Wny sutlons 6>38f
8-00* New Almaden (Tues., Frid., only), 4.IOF
8 00* Coast Line Limited— StopsonlySan
Jose, Gllroy (connection for Hol-
lliter), Pajaro. CastrovlXle, 6a-
ltnaj. Saa Ardo. Paso Robles,
Santa Margarita, Saa Luis Obispo.
Principal stations thence Surf
(connection for*Lompoc) princi-
pal sutlons thence SanU Bar-
bara and Los Angeles. Connec-
tion at Castrovtlle to and from
Monterey and Pacific Grove 13 43*
9.00a San Jose. Tres Plnos, Capitols,
BanuCruz.Pactflc Grove, Sailaaa.
San Luis Obispo and Principal
Way Station" 4-10*
10.30a San Jose and Way Sutlons 1-20?
1130a Santa Clara. San Jose, Los Gato*
* "¦:. and Way sutlons 7.30f
1-30F Ban Jose and Way SUtlons „ 838*
o.00f Pacific Grove Express— S*nUCIara
San Jose, Del Monte, Monterey,
Pacific Grove (conaecu st Santa
. . Clara for Santa Cruz, Boulder
Creek and Narrow Gauge Points)
at Gllroy for Holllster. Tres
Pinos. at Castrnfllle for Salinas. 12-15*
3.30F Gllroy Way Passenger 110.45a
t4 46F San Jose, (vl* Santa Clara) Los
Gatos, and Prtnctpal Way Sta-
tions (except Sunday) +92S*
I6-30F San Joieand Principal Way Station* fS-CO*
6. OOf Snnset Limited. Eutbound.— San
Lots Obispo. Sant* Barbara, Los
Angeles. Demlng. El Paso. New
Orleans, New Yoilc. (Westbound
arrive! Y'.aSanJovjnlnVaHeyK.. \e$ 2S*
tfi-15F EanM*teo,Bcresford,Belmont.Saa
' Carlos. RedwooJ. Fair Oaks,
_ Menlo Park. Ps'> Alto t8-48a
F^Of San Jo»e and Way Stations 6 3S*
1 1 .30? South San Francis ;o, M Ulbrae. Bur-
Itngame. San Matro. Belmont,
San Carlos. Redwood. Fair Oaks,
Menlo Park, and Palo Alto 9.45F
•11.307 Mayfleld, Mountain View, Sunny-
vale, Lawrenc. SanU Clara and
San Jo»e *9.45f
A for Morning. :_- p for Afternoon.
J Sunday only.
i 6 tops at all suttons on Sunday.
- 1 Sunday exeepted. a Saturday only.
«V la Coast Line. » Via San Joaquln Valley.
PfOnly trains stopping at Valencia St. southbound
»*«»:10AJi..f;:€0A.M ..11:30 a.*.,3:30f.3i. and 8:S0f.m.
iB^a^^^g.TO SAN RAFAEL,
MILL VALLEY,
M?fSTOs CAZADERO, ETC.
l^^^fflg^^^l via aausalito Ferry.
~~~^ '«f.rvlce. Standard Gaugs Electric—
n K |?^J^5 •eV35rT:4i>. -8:35. •9:33, ni:C5.
Z m" M2:W. 1:4*: ' *2:55. '3:15. 4:45. »5:43.
* 6 Tralns 4 marked O ron to and from San Quen-
'%/,« MILL VALLEY TO BAN FRAN-
rTsrS-Dally— 5:45 «:M. 7:52. 8:53. 9:53.
U-»a7m.. 12:35. 2:00. 3:15. 4:08. 5:C5. «:0S.
7-65 9:00. 10:.T5 p. m.
7.t». ». THROTJGH TRAINS.
s:uw a. m., week aays — Cazaaera ana way
stations.
5:15 p. m.. week days (Saturdays eatcepted>—
Tomales and way stations.
3:15 p. m.. Saturdays — Cazadero and way
¦tatlone. •
Sundays only — 10 a. m.. Point Reyes and way
stations. ¦ •
TICKET OFFICE— 626 Market st.
FEBRT— L'nlon Depot, foot of Market st.
The North Western-
Union Pacific Excursions
•Iford unusual opportunities fo*. »n
economical ud satisfactory Journey to
ChicagodEast
Excursions Every Day
Personally conducted parties leave
San Francisco every Wednesday,
Thursday, Friday and Saturday.
Leave Los Angeles one day earlier.
Choice of routes.
For faa Information apply to er address
R. R. RITCHIE,' S. F. BOOTH.
General Agent. Ceal Agent Fus'r Dept,
Chicago & North- Western Ry . Union Pacific R. K.
¦ 617 Market St. No. 1 Montgomery St.
SAN FRANCISCO, CAL. '
IT QAL1FORN3A
i LIMITED TO CHICAGO |
JH Leaves Mondays and Thursday* R
ig at 0:30 a. m.. through la 8 days* E
H with diner and all trappings. m
Other Santa Fe Trains :
1:5 *' "' I for Stockton, Fresno, Baktrsfield.
1:00 ".'>m!i Merced, Hanford *a4 VUalia.
4.00 p. m. (br Stockton.
8:00 p. m. for Kann.T City, Grand Caajoa and
Chicago.
Ticket Officb: 641 Market St., and P«rry
Depot. S. T. Also 1112 Broadway, Oak-
land, Cal.
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. CO.
LESSEE
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
EAKWAY COUP AWT.
Tlboxon Ferry, root of Market Street.
SAN FRANCISCO TO SAW EArAEL.
WEEK DAYS— 7:30, 9:00. 11:00 a, m.; 12:33,
3:30, 5:10. 6:30 p. m. Thursdays— Extra trip
at 11 :30 d. m.
Saturdays — Extra trip at 1 :50 and 11 :30 p. m.
i SUNDAYS— 8:00. 9:30. 11:00 a. m.: 1:30. 3:30,
5:00. 6:20, 11:30 p. m.
SAW BAFAEI. TO SAW FSAWCZSCO.
WEEK DAYS— 6:05, 7:35, 7:60, 8:20. 11:15
a. m.: 12:50, 3:40, 5:00, 5:20 p. m.
Saturdays — Extra trip at 2:05 and 6:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:00,-0:40. 11:15 a. m.; 1:40. 3:40.
4:55. 5:05. 6:25 p. m.
Leave I ' In Effect I Arrive
San Francisco. [ Sept. 27, 1903. |San Francis cc.
Week I Sun- I Destlna- J Sun- I Week
Days. I days. | tlon. [ days. | Days.
7:30 a 8:00 a I 6:10 al 8:40 a
0:30a Ignaclo. 10:40al0:20a
3:SOp 3:30 p J 6:05 pj 0:20 p
5:10 p 5:0Op \ 7:35 p)
7:30 a ' 9:10a 8:40 a
8:00 a Novato. 10:40 a 10:20 a
3:30 p 9:30a Petaluma. 6:05p 6:20p
5:10 p 3:30 p and 7:35 pf
5:00 p Santa Rosa. -|
7:30 a ~" 10:4Oa 10:20 a
8:00 a Fulton. 7:35 p 6:20 p
3:30 p 3:30p [
Windsor.
7:30 a 8:00 a Healdsburgr. 10:40a 10:20a
¦^ • Lytton.
3:30 p 3:30 p Geyserville. ' 7:35 p 6:20 p
Cloverdale. { .
7:30 al 8:00 al Hopland. |10:40 all0:CO a
3:30a[ 3:30 p| and Uklah. | 7:35 p| 6:20 p
7:30 a| 8:00 a| " Wlllits: | 7:35 p| 6:20 p
7:30 al 8:00 al (10:40 a|i0:20 a
3:30 p| 3:30 p| GuemevUle. | 7:35 p| 6:20 p
7:30 al 8:00 al Sonoma. I 8:10 al 8:40 a
5:10 p| 5:00 p| Glen Ellen. I 6:05 p| 6:20 p
7:30 al 8:00 a| ~~^7' 110:40 a 1 10:20 a
3:30 p[ 3:30 pi Sebastopol.' | 7:35 p| 6:20 p
STAGES connect at Green Brae for San
Quentln; at Santa Rosa for Whit« ¦ Sulphur
Springs: at Fulton for Altruria and Mark West
Springs; at Lytton for Lytton Springs; at Gey-
serville for Skaggs Springs; at Cloverdale for
the Geysers, Booneville and Greenwood: at
Hopland for Duncan Springs. Highland Springs,
Kelseyvllle. Carlsbad Springs, Soda Bay, Lane-
port and Bartletr Springs; at Uklah for Vichy
Springs, Saratoga Springs. Blue Lakes. Laurel
Dell Lake. Witter Springs. Lpper Lake. Pomo.
Potter Valley, John Day's, Riverside, Lierly'e,
Bucknell's, Sanhedrin Heights. Hullville. Orr"*
Hot Springs. Halfway House. Comptche. Camp
Stevens,- Hopkins, Mendoclno City, Fort Bragg,
Westport. Usal: at Wlllits fo* Fort Bragg.
Westport, Sherwood. Cahto. Covello. Layton-
ville. Cummlngs, Bell's Springs. Harris, . OI-
sen's. Dyer, Garbervllle. : Pepperwood, ScotU
, Saturday to Sunday round-trip tickets at re-
On Sunday -round -trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket office, 630 : Market street. - Chronicle
bU Hfc:wmTING. " ! R.X.RYAN.
Gen. Manager.' Gen. Pass. Art. '
_ _ _ _ n AD VERTIBEMENTS.
A DRAG=ON li
THE PURSE
That's quickly broken is the one that
comes from needless purchases of linen.
Your laundry bundles here add life
and days of usefulness to linen through
our careful handling methods ana smiles
of satisfaction' to your countenance
through its cleanliness and superb finish.
No saw edges.
UNITED STATES LAUNDRY
OFFICE 1004 MASXET STEEET,
- - Near Powell. '
tCKCHBEGEA AND CHINAS! D16CHARG31.
¦ .¦:.; A CURE »K 48 HOURS.
. '..'; BAXLWAY' TBAVEIi.
Mt. Tamalpais Railway
Leave Ti» Snualito Farry Arrive
San Francisco Foot ef Market St. : San Francisco
Week Sun- v - -¦.. 1 . Sun-. Week.
P*y». days jtf?5^S35|jw days Days.
•ie:BOi # H:oo A e5itoS33a raTujTp fbrirji
•I:46p 9:00a WjKg&5|9» l:25r «:5up
5:15p1O:OOa 2:5l)pn:Rn r
11:OOa 4:50p 9:50p
- l:45p yB&&]fr 5:5Op .
.....«...• 3:15 p :^Sr ¦':'_.'¦ 7: 5Op ......_;.
•OoniMt with riigi fcr ¦ ' tiptemd Tillow Cuny ' .'
1£f n I «¦» Marmt ST.,(North Shore Railroad)
0F71CI3 \ and S a us auto Ferry. Foot Market St.
Tourist Gars to Chicago
Rock Island tourist sleeping cars run through to /: .
Chicago and to hundreds of places besides Chicago-
Omaha, Kansas City, Dcs Moines,
St. Louis, Memphis, etc. Connecting cars,
Chicago to Boston.
Most complete system of tourist cars across tbo iT^'FliTFfrinwi
continent. Choice of routes— "Southern." via El Paso; XT*iHMMm9Bv^
"Scenic," Tia Salt Lake City and Colorado Springs. B (lltf RHiIII
Six personally conductsd excursions e»ery w;ek. B.IUa" ill git' U '.ifl
Folder pi»ing full information mailed on request. &£C m itt7&rT*V$
Tickets at Southern Pacific ticket offices. BS^J jmI Hi Ujj<
F. W. Thompson, G. W. A., HW^T|Fyimp3
623 Market St, Saa Francisco, CaL HB^ IfDried FruitSjNuts, Raisins, Honey
Nezv York Metal Market.
NEW YORK. Oct. 23.— There was an ad
vance of 2s 4d In the London tin market,
where spot closed at- £117 17s 6d and futures
at £118 6s. and Influenced partially by this
the local market was also firmer, with ten tons
sold for November delivery at $25 03, twenty
five tons at $26 for the same month and fifteen
tons of spot at $26 12%. Spot tin closed firm
at $20 25026 60. .
Copper advanced £1 7s 6d to £68 Ss for spot
and £56 for futures In the London market and
was rather firmer here. - Lake is quoted at
$13 12%013 25. electrolytic at $13 and casting
at $12 60%.'
Load was unchanged locally at ¦ $4 50 and
in London at £11 2s ed.
SDelter advanced 2s 6d Inj London, closing
there at £20 15a. but no change was reported
In the local market, which Is still quoted at
$6 12%.
Iron closed at 49s 3d in Glasarow and . at
42s 7%d in Middlesboro. locally being dull and
nominal. No. 1 foundry, northern. $15 50016;
No. 2 do. $15®16 50: No. 1 foundry, southern
and do eoft. $14 75O19 25.
New York Cotton Market.
NEW TORK, Oct. 23.^— Cotton futures closed
steady, net six points lower to two points
higher.
Chicago Grain Market.
CHICAGO. Oct. 23.— Rumors of a probability
of war. between Russia and Japan circulated
quite fre«ly among wheat traders - before the
opening and caused a bullish sentiment. This
feeling was accentuated by the comparatively
firm tone of the cables In the face of a de
cline her* yesterday, and December opened %}/>
%c up at 79%«*79%e. With a good demand
from elevator Interests and commission bouses!,
the former taking December and the latter
May. and cn the strength of outside markets,
prices showed a • fair advance early, December
selling up to SOlic. With the exception of the
Bid. Ask. j Bid. Ask.
4s qr coup.. — — |4s qr new .. — —
4s qr reg... — — 13s qr coup..l09«s —
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Ala AW tie. — — O T Co 5s.. — 110
Bay CPC 5s.l03%104% Do con 5s.lO3 105
Cal C G 5s.lO4% — O W C G 5s. — 07%
Cal G A E g Oceanic S 5s. 75 79
m A ct 5s. — 102% Otn R C 6s. — 122%
Cal-st 5s ... — — Pac G Im 4s — 100
C C Wat 6s. — 102% P E Ry Bs.lOS 109
E L A P 6s.l24% — PACH6s. — —
F A C H 68.114 116% P A O R fts.116% —
Geary-st 5s. 45 90 Powell-st 6s.ll2% —
H CAS 5%s.l01 — S E GAR 5s. — 103%
II C A 8 6s.'— 100 SF A SJV 5s — 117
Hon R T es.106%108 S R of C 6s.ll2% —
L A Klec 6s. 99%104 S P of A 6s
R A Ry 6»..112%114 (1900) ....107% —
L A L Co 6a. — — (1910) . . . .108% —
Do gtd 6s. — — S P of C 6s
Do gtd 5s.l02%105% (1005)Sr A.102 —
LAP lem 6s. — 100 fl»05)Sr B.10S 10+U
Mkt-st C 6s.ll8 — (1006) ....104%106
Do lem 5s. — 115 (1912) 114 —
NRR of C 6s — 107% SPC 1 eg 5s. — 118%
Do Cs 114 — Do «tmpd.l08%100
N P C R 58.106 — S P B R 6s. — 134%
N C R 5s.. — 112 8 V W 6n..l05%108V*
NCPC5S. — — Do 4s 2dm. 99VU0O
N S R Ss.. 99%101 Do 4s 3dm. 99 —
O G L H 6s.l07%109 Stkn GAE 6a 93 102%
O T Co 63.. — 119". ' UG A E 5s. — —
WATER STOCKS.
Contra Costa. 41% 45 IPort Costa.. — J-
Marin Co ... 61 — !Sp V W Co. 39% 40
GAS AND ELECTRIC.
Cent L A P. 3% 5 8 F G A E. 66% 67%
Mutual EL. — 12 S F Gas ... 3 . 3%
Pac G Imp.. 5.1 55 Stock G A E 5 —
Pac Lighting 65% 66% U O A E... — —
Sac E G A R — — ,
TRUSTEES' CERTIFICATES.
S F G A E. 66% 67%,
; INSURANCE.
Flrem's Fnd.320 —
BANK STOCK8.
Am Nat Bk. 120 128 L P A A 159%170
Anglo-Car .. — 95 Mer Trust... 225 25O
Bank of Cal. — 485 Merch Ex . . —
Cal Safe Dp. — 160 S F Natlonl. — —
First Natlonl — — ' ¦
SAVINGS BANKS.
Ger SAL.— — Sav A L Soc 90 110
Hum SAL. — , — Sec Sav Bk. 400 SOU
Mutual Sav. — — Union T Co. — —
S T Sav U. 600 .— .
STREET RAILROADS.
California ..195 205 (Presidio . . . . 33 40
Geary "... — 80 | •
, POWDER.
Giant; ...... 63U, 67 li.VteorU'-.-'. . . ¦
UNITED STATES BONDS.
Stock and Bond Exchange.
FRIDAY. Oct. 23—2 p. m.
The larger shareholders of the California
Vlgsrit Powder Company have agreed to post
pone the date of settlement with the E. I. du
Pont de Nemours- Powder Company on tho
merger until December 1.
The Brunswick Consolidated Mining Com
pany of Grass Valley has levied an assessment
of 3c per share, delinquent November 27.
The Redlands Water Company has levied
an assessment of j $6, delinquent November 9.
At the special meeting of the San Francisco
Gas and Electric Company, the directors were
authorized to Issue $10,000,CCO in 4% per cent
thirty-year bonds. The meeting adjourned un
til November 3. 1
Stocks were quiet, with few fluctuations.
Makawell Sugar was higher, at $21022. There
was -no movement of any consequence In the
oil stocks. •
The Confidence Mining Company has levied
an assessment of 20c.
NEW YORK. Oct. 23.— FLOUR— Receipts,
23,000 barrels. Quiet, but firm. ; .
WHEAT— Receipts, 56.500 bushels. Spot,
firm; No. 2 red, 85%c elevator. and S6%e f. o.
b. afloat: No. 1 Northern Duluth, 92c f. o. b.
afloat. War rumors had a bullish effect on
wheat this, morning, together with higher ca
bles and easier consols. December leading the
strength and foreign houses buying. Later the
liberal weekly wheat and flour clearances had
an influence and the close was firm at %@%c
net advance. May closed 83>4c. July closed
80c; December. 86 5-10®S«%c. closed 8C%c.
HOPS — Quiet; good to choice old, ll@12c; Pa
cific Coast olds. 9012c.
HIDES— Steady.
WOOL— Firm.
COFFEE — Spot Rio, firm ; No. 7 invoice,
5 15-lCc. Coffee futures were steady, net un
changed to 5 points lower. Sales, 38.750 bags.
Including October. 5.15^5.20c; November, 6.10
65.12c; December, 5.3505.45c; January. 5.400
6.50c; February, 5.50c; March. 6.5005.70c;
May. 5.7505.90c.
SUGAR— Raw, quiet; refined, dull;
DRIED FRUITS.
EVAPORATED APPLES— The market Is
firm for both spot and futures, though the de
mand is moderate. Common. 405%c; prime,
5%<2<!e; choice, 5%0<3%c: fancy, 7c. . ,
PRUNES — Ther« Is a small business reported I
in prunes, meet of which seems for export ac
count, but prices are steadily held and. range
from 3Vic to 7c for all grades.
APRICOTS — Are fairly active; choice are
quoted at 9%©»%c. extra choice at 1001014c,
and fancy at 11012%c.
PEACHES — Also ehow a slightly improved ••
demand and rule firm. Choice are quoted at '•
7W«jf7%c; extra choice, 7%@8>4c and fancy at
9',i@10V4c
New York Grain and Produce.
SAN FRANCISCO STOCK EXCHANGE.
Following were the sales on the San Fran
cisco Stock and Exchange board yesterday:
Morning Session.
30O Chollar 21 300 Potosi 22
300 Con C A Va.l 20 100 Sierra Nev ..46
20O Gold A Cur. 17
Afternoon Session.
200 Alpha 071 100 Sierra Ner .. AH
100 Andes 21! 100 Union Con .. 34
Mining Stocks.
OU Stock— Bid. Asked.
Alma. 1 »"
Apollo 4O
As*ociated Trust Cert 13
Aztec &•»
California Standard 11 12
Caribou v 1 00 1 10
Central Point Con C5
Chicago Crude 19
Claremont -'• -7
Esperanza 140
Four ea 70
Fulton 3 80
Giant 20
Hanford : 131 00 134 00
Home 90 02%
Imperial 13 0O
Independence I* 1»
Junction 1» '¦»
Kern : » **>
Kern River 13 SO
Lloa «. 03
Monarch (of Arizona) 50 - 52
Monte CrUto 73
Occidental of W. Va 17 1»
OU City Petroleum 25 2S
Peerless ..: 13 5O .....
Plttsburg 2O 2S
Reed Crude t 41 43
S F A McKIttrick 2 75
San Joaquln O A D...'. 5 25 ... ; .
Senator •• W
Sovereign *8 * l
Sterling 2 7T. 2 »J>
Suptrior 0* <*7
Thirty-three 1 50
Toltec 2»> --1
Twenty-eight 4 25
West Shore 2 95 .....
Miscellaneous — •
Abby I-and A Improvement.. 1 45 1 «O
Ahtmeda Eivrar 2» 00
American Biscuit 94 Of)
American DWtrtct T*l
Cal Gas A Electric Corp
Cal Cotton Mills../. .%.. 88 00
Cal Jockey Club 10.1 CO
Cat Shipping Co 25 (*>
Cal Title Ins & Trust 1-10 00 140 CO
Central Bank of Oakland.... 60 00 .....
Chutes Company 7 75
Cypress Lawn Im?t Co 6 60 7 2S
Fischer's Theater 2 00 2 5O»
Gas Consumers' Assn ..... 22 5O
Honolulu Sugar 14 50
Northern Cal Power 8 50 0 CO
North Sfcore Ratlrsad 7 CO 8 flo
Orpheurn Company 15 23 IS 25
Pacific States Tel A Tel 113 Oft
Parafflne Patnt 33 ©o
San Francisco Drydock 47 W> .
Sanitary Reduction Works... 2 W>
Sausalito Land A Ferry 16 00
Sperry Flour Co 27 50 SO CO
Standard Electric IS W>
Testa Coal Co Cf> 00
Trucke* Kiectric 13 23 .....
Union Sugar 22 BO
United Gas £ Electric 34 50
OFFICIAL SALES.
Morning Session.
Board —
«0i> Home Oil 90
100 Home Oil. s CO «7%
300 Home Oil. s 3U 90
Afternoon Session.
Boarii —
50 Sterling Oil 2 85
200 Home OH. s SO S7%
200 Home Oil W>
lOou Junction Oil l:»
10O North Shore R R 7 VO
California Stock and Oil Exchange
FLOUR— California Family Extras, $4 80<3
4 85. usual terms; Bakers': Extras, $4 50@4 60-
Oregon and Washington. $3 90@4 20 per bbl
for Family and $3 90(34 40 for Bakers'.
. MILLSTUFFS — Prices in packages/ are an
follows: Graham Flour. $3 25 per 100 lbs*
Rye Flour, 13 25 ; Rye . Meal, 1 $3 ; . Rice Flour!
$7; Corn Meal, $3 25; extra cream do. $4; Oat
Groats, $4 60; Horoiny, $4©4 23; Buckwheat
Flour. $4 5(XSt4 75; Cracked Wheat, $3 75; Fa
rina, $4 60; Whole Wheat Flour. $3 60- Rolled
Oats. bbls. $7 2008 60; In sacks. $6 750S 10-
Pearl Barley. $6; Split Peas, boxes. *7; Green
Peas, S3 50 per. 100 lbs. .
Flour and Millstuffs.
The Chicago letter of Bolton, de Ruyter &
Co. said: "Weather is fine in the Northwest
and- reports Indicate that farmers are selling
wheat freely. The Modern Miller also reports
them free sellers : , In the Southwest and the
movement restricted by lack of cars. There
ia a moderate cash situation to-day, with only
a fair amount of business reported so far. The
situation at the moment is complicated some
what by the Russian-Japanese affair. Broom
hall cables that this influence Is what Im
parted strength to the Liverpool market. He
intimates that it is increasing the demand for
flour. This of course may result in an in
creased foreign buying of wheat. If it does,
the market will no doubt respond to it. With
out it steady accumulation of stocks will in
time likely tell on the prices. There Is enough
bull sentiment outside of the war news to
give us an active market In case the war ma
terializes."
This market was steady and unchanged ex
cept a rise in futures.
CASH WHEAT.
California Club, $1 40@l 45; California
White Australian, $1 C0@l 55; Northern 'Club,
$1 4001 42%; Northern Blue Stem, $1 50@l 05*
Oregon Valley, $1 4001 45 per cth
FUTURES.
Session it to 11:30 a. m.
v - Open. High. Low. Close
December ...SI 40 $1 40% $1 40 $1 40%
2 p.m. Session.
No sales. „ s . .
BARLEY — The market was buoyant, with a
quick demand and higher prices for both fu
tures and the cash grain. At the close $1 10' 1
was bid for Feed. ¦-.
1 CASH BARLEY. \
Feed. $1 13%61 l6'/ t ; Shipping and Brewing
$1 20@l 22%; Chevalier *1 20®l 45 for fair to
Session 9 to 11:30 a. m.
Open. • High. Low. Close.
December ...$1 12% $1 13 $1 12% $i 13
.¦-.¦• 2 p. m. Session.
; - V Open. High. Low. Close.
December ...$1 13 $1 13% $1 13 $1 1314
OATS — The demand for seed la first-rate
again, and liberal purchases for this account
are reported. Quotations rule firm, in spate of
heavy receipts. - ¦¦¦¦¦•.' -¦
White, $1 20@l 32%; Black, $1 40©l 62%-
Red. {1 20@l 25 for feed and $1 £5@l 35 foi
seed: Gray.- $1 22%®1 27% per ctl.
. CORN — This market does not share the firm
ness of Barley and Oats, and la still quoted
dull and more or less weak.
Western, sacked, $1 32% for Yellow, $1 82%
for White and $1 SO for mixed; California large
Yellow, $1 a5<ai 40; small round do, nominal-
White. $1 35@1 40 per ill. '-:¦
RYE— $1 2501 30 per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— $2 2502 50 per ctL
¦?. f HEAT — The situation remains about the
same everywhere. Chicago was %c better,
chiefly cn the political situation, war talk, bet
ter cables and, some Improvement in the for
eign demand.
Wheat and Other Grains.
New York Exchange is lower again.
The Siberia took out for Hongkong a treasure
list of $4170. consisting of $2715 in Mexican
dollars and $1455 in gold coin.
Sterling Exchange/sixty days... — $4 83
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 Mj<;
Sterling Exchange, cables — 4 87U
New York Exchange, sight — 02%
Nfcw York Exchange, telegraphic. — 05
Silver, per ounce — 61%
Mexican Dollars 47 48
Exchange and Bullion.
MELONS — Cantaloupes, 75c©$l 25 per crate;
Nutmeg Melons. 30@75c per box; Watermel
ons, 5®20c each.
/ CITRUS FRUITS— Oranges, 82 C0®2 75 for
fancy Valenclas. $2@2 25 for choice and 510
1 50 for standard: Lemons, $1@3 per box;
Grape Fruit. $1 5002 50; Mexican Limes. $4©
4 50; Bananas,- #1®1 75 per bunch for Ha
waiian and ?2®3 for Central American; Pine
apples, $2^2 50 per dozen.
GRAPES — 3Ofi40c for small boxes. 50@75c for
crates and 73c@$l 25 for large open boxes;
Wine Grapes, $18&21 per ton for Zinfandet
and $146)16 for Mission; White, *15®16 ptr
ton. " '. ' '
v PEARS — Bartletts, nominal: winter varie
ties, ivtt'Ttc per box for common and 75cy
SI for Winter Nellis.
QUINCES — 40®60c per box.
FIOS— 65@75c for drawers and $1@1 60 for
large packages.
POMEGRANATES— 50®75c for amall boxes
and 91 50(52 50 for large.
PERSIMMONS— 50c@$l per box or, crate.
PLUMS — Coe's late red, 50@65c per box.
Local trade In fresh fruits was quiet as usual
on Friday, but there was an active demand for
good table Grapes in crates for shipment on
the Puget Sound steamer. The narrow-gauge
train with fresh lUDPlles was delayed by the
railroad accident across the bay and available
supplies of fancy stock were insufficient to
eati3fy the shipping demand, and several or
der* could not be filled. Fine Tokay and Cor
nlchon sold uo to 85c t>er crate, but the top
quotation was the ruling price for the general
run of offerings. Receipts of large open boxes
from Martinez came to hand rather late, and
as a result there was quite a surplus unsold
at the close. Prices, however, were unchanged.
There was very little doing In Wine Grapes.
Apples were abundant and continued quiet.
Figs were In Hrht receipt and cleaned up
quickly at steady rates. The other tree fruits
were plentiful and unchanged. There was a
little firmness in Cantaloupes and Nutmeg
Melons during the early trade, owing to the
late arrival of the river boat, but the market
weakened upon the receipt of fresh supplies.
Strawberries were in ample supply and stood
as previously quoted^ with undesirable lots go-
Ing to the canners at the minimum quotation.
Raspberries were delayed by the train ¦wreck
and had to be carried over. Cranberries and
Huckleberries were firm.
• The consignment of new crop Navel Oranges
that arrived on the preceding day was still on
hand, the stock being too green to find a buyer.
A car of late Valenclas came In and was
firmly held at 12 2A@2 75 per box. Otherwise
there was nothing new to report.
' STRAWBERRIES— Longwortlw $4®4 10 per
chest; large berries, $1 5003.
RASPRERRIES — Nominal per chest.
HUCKLEBERRIES— 8@9c per pound,
CRANBERRIES— Cape Cod, |9 50 per bbl;
Coos Bay. $2 50®3 per box. f
APPLES — 90c©*l ! per box for fancy, 50®
85c - for good to choice and 25@40c - for com
mon.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
LOCAL MARKETS.
s s 3 5 5 *-~ 2 * tT
STATION. § H'llJl ?ft £
-i c c c y —
; c c • ; 3
¦ ? ? : : •
Baker 30.22 72 34 SE Clear .00
Orson 30.16 70 30 XW Pt OWy .00 ,
Kurr-ka. 30.12 fi2 42 N Cloudy T.
Karalloa 30.08 t>0 64 W Cloudy .00
ffsno 29.98 88 50 W Clear • .00
i '. i->:&rr 3<"». 24 tf4 26 E Clear .00
Independence .30.12 76 60 SE Clear .00
J>r>s Angeles.. 30. 02 80 M W Pt Cldy .00
Mt. Tamalpais30.0t> 72 60 SW Pt Cldy .00
North Head ..30.12 54 50 S Cloudy .00
Phoenix 30.04 86 60 E Clear .CO
Poc*te!Io SO. 26 76 28 6W Clear .00
Portland 30. O* 72 4« S Clear .00
Point Reves ..30.04 66 62 W Cloudy 00
Red Blu2 30.00 86 C2 BE Clear .00
T?o*eburg 30.06 T2 40 N Clear .00
Faoramento ..29.9S 80 50 XW Clear .00
Fait Leie 30.26 C8 46 W Clear .00
Fan Francisco.30.10 C2 M W Pt Cldy .00
F. L. Obispo. .30.10 74 60 W Clear .00
Can Diego ... 23.08 68 66 NW Pt Cldy .00
Seattle 30.08 60 40 Jf Clear .00
Spokane 30.24 64 34 NE Clear .00
Tatocsh 30.10 66 46 S Cloudy .00
Walla Walla. 30. 14 68 42 SW Clear .00
Minnercucca .SO. 16 76 30 SW Clear .00
Tuma 2».9S 94 62 XE Clear ¦'.00
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
The pressure continues high over the western
fcalf of the country. Cloudy weather Is re
ported at many points In California., but as
yet no rain has fallen on the Pacific Slope.
Conditions ar« such that occasional thowtri
rr.ay occur in the mountains on Saturday.
The temperature continues high In th» In
terior, but cooler weather may be expected on
Estunlay aad Sunday.
Fog prevails eJong the coast.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours, ending midnight. October 24:
Northern California^ — Cloudy Saturday; pos
sibly showers in northwestern portion; light
southeast wind.
Fouthern California — Cloudy Saturday; un
settled weather In the mountains; light Bocth
weet winds.
Nevada— Fair Saturday.
San Francisco and vicinity — Cloudy Satur
day; fresh southerly 'winds.
A. G. McADIE. District Forecaster.
EASTERN MARKETS.
• Balto & O pfd 100 S8 88 P7%
Canadian Pacific .. 2.600 119% 118% 11?H
i Central of N J 300 156«i 1551; 156
ches & Ohio 500 29*8 29% 2914
Chicago & Alton.. 2.900 27^ 27 27
Chi A Alton pM ¦• 100 64 • 64 64
Chicago * G W 400 15U 14% 15
Chi & G W B pfd 26%
Chi 4 N W 1,200 162% 161 162
Chi Term «fc Trans 9
Chi Term A T pM 17%
C C C A St L 71
Colo Southern 12%
Colo So 1st pfd 61%
Colo So 2-J pfd S00 21 U 20% 20%
Del & Hudson 153%
Del Lack & W 231
Denver & Rio G.. 100 19% 19% 19
Denver A R G pfd. 100 68 6$ 67
Erie 20.900 27% 26% 27%
Erie 1st pfd 4,900 66%, 66% t6'i
Erie 2d pM 33,100 49% 4S»i 49
Great Northern pfd 160
Hocking Valley ... 100 70 70 70%
Hocking Val pfd .. 600 $1% M «1%
Illinois Central 130
Iowa Central 1»%
Iowa Central pfd 34
Kantas City So 17%
Kansas City So pfd 31 %
Louis A Nash 2,700 100% 100 100
Manhattan L 1.4O0 134 133 1» 13314
Met St Ry 4,300 10S l<*?V t 107
Minn A St Louis. 2O0 47 47 40
Missouri Pacific .. 12,300 90% 89% K»Ts
Mo Kan A Tex 18
Mo Kan A T pfd 34%
N R R n{ Mex pfd 3S
N T Centra] R00 11R% 117% 117%
Nor A Western .. 1.5<iO 57 f.«l 4 f^i,
Nor A West pf«l 85
Ontario A Western S.ono 20% 20% 20%
Pennsylvania 26.600 119 118% 118«g
Pitts C C A St L 60
Reading 13.300 45% 45 45
Rpading 1st pf d . . 200 77 76 75
Reading 2d pfd 60
Rock Island Co 10,000 25% 25% 24%
Rock Island Co pfd 400 60% «0 59%
St L A S F ft.1
Ft L A S F 1st pfd 60
Ft L A S F 2d pfd. 100 16 46 45%
St L S W 13
St L S W pfd 100 30% 30% 30
St Paul 14,100 lM»»,i 138 Vi 13S*i
Pt Paul pfd 300 172 172 170%
Southern Pacific .. 6,2 r "0 41% 41% 41%
Southern Ry 900 18 18 18
Fouthern Ry pfd .. 40«) 74% 737A 73%
Texas A Pacinc .. 2f"O 22% 22% 22%
Tol St L A W.... 100 16% 16% 16%
Tol 6t L A W pfd. 100 25% 25% 25
I'nlon Pacific 30,800 71% 70% 70%
Vnlon Pacinc pfd.. 200 P4% 84 84
Wabash 1,500 19 1S% 18%
Wabash pfd 2,200 32 SI 31 U
Wheel A L E .;. ..;. .... 14%
Wisconsin Central.* 4.00 16% 16 13%
\Y!s Central pfd... 3414
Express Companies —
Adams .... .... 220
American 100 1S5 1S5 185
United States ion
Wells-Fargo 200
Miscellaneous —
Amal Copper 123.000 S6^S 24% 35%
Amer Car A F 300 21% 20% 20%
Amer Car A F pfd. 200 67% 66% 6«ii
Arner L Oil 0%
Amer L. OU pfd 25
Amer Loco 200 13% 13% 13%
Amer Loco pfd.... 100 74% 74% 74
Amer S A Ref 3.300 42% 41% 41 %
Amer S A Ref pfd 85 "
Amer Sugar Ref... 900 114% 113% 114%
Anaconda Mln Co.. 700 63 58 61
Brooklyn R Trans. 4,500 34 33 33%
Colo Fuel A Iron... 1,700 31 2S 30%
Ccl A Hock Coal 10
Cons Gas 173%
Gen Electric 200 14S% 148«i 147
Inter Paper 11
Inter Pap«-r pfd 61
Inter Pump " 30
Inter Pump pfd 70
Nat Biscuit 34%
Nat Lead 13
Nor Amer 74
Pacinc Mail 100 21 21 21
People's Gas 1,800 »4 33% 1)3%
Pressed S Car 100 31 31 30%
Pressed S Car pfd. 400 71% 71 70%
Pullman Pal Car 213
Republic Bteel 700 7% 7% 7%
Rerublic Steel pfd. 1.200 53% 61% B2%
Rubber Goods 14
Rubber Goods pfd. (iT'j
T>nn Coal A Iron.. . 400 29 2*% 28%
U S Leather • 78
U S Leather pfd... 100 76% 76% 76%
U S Rubber 9%
U S Rubber pfd 34
U S Steel 6.300 14 13% 13%
U S Steel pfd 16,800 59% 58% K»%
West Union 300 62 81% 82
Total sales 394,600 shares.
UNITED RAILROADS OF SAN FRANCISCO.
NEW YORK, Oct. 23. — There were no trans
actions In United Railroads bonds to-day.
NEW YORK BONDS,
U S ref 2«, reg...l07 Hocking Val 4%s.l06
Do coupon 107 Manhtn cn gld 4s. 101%
Do 3s. reg 108 Mexican Cen 4s.. 71
Do coupon 1OS34 Do 1st lnc 13?*
Do new 4s. reg. 1344 Minn & St L 4s.. Si7
Do coupon 135^ M. K & T 4s 9734
Do old 4s. reg.. Ill Do 2ds 96«/j
Do coupon Ill Ntl RR Mex cn 4s 74
Do 6e. reg 101 V, N Y Cen gen 3U* 99%
Do coupon 102^JN J Cen gen 5s..l3u
Atchison gen 4s. .100U jNorthern Pac 4s.lO2U
Do adj 4« 91 Do 3s 70%
Atlantic C L 4s.. 90% IN & W Con 4s.... 95Ts
Bait & Ohio 48...100UJO S L 4s Sc partlc 01%
Do 3%« 95K|Penn conv ZVtt.. 87
Central of Ga 5s.. 106 Reading gen 4s.. 96
Do 1st inc 68H RL A IM con 5s. .111%
Ches & Ohio 4%«.1O1% HtL & 8 F (f 4s. 82%
Chi & Alton SVjS. 74 St L SW lets.... 94%
C, B & Q new 4«. 93% Seaboard A L 4s. 66%
C. M&St P gen 4s. 1W Southern Pac 4s. hlYj
C & N Weon 7s. .131% Southern Ry 5«..113
C.RI4PRH 4s. 73% Texas & Pac lsts.116
C.RI&P RR col 5s 74 T. St L &. W 4s.. 70
C.C.C A SL gen 4s 96% Union Pacific 4s. 102%
Chicago Term 4s. 73% Do conv 4s 95'i
Con Tobacco 4s... 65 O S Steel 2d 5s.. 71 %
Colo A South 4s.. 85% Wabash lsts 116
Pen A Rio G 4s.. 99% Do deb B 54%
Erie prior lien 4s. 97Si W & L E 4r 89
Do gen. 4s 63% Wisconsin Cen 4s. 89%
Ft W A DC lsts.lO4%)C F A I con 5s... 70
NEW YORK MINING STOCKS.
Adams Con 10 Little Chief.. 07
Alice 14 Ontario .....4 50
Breece 10 :>ph!r 1 35
Bruntwlclc Con.... 03 Phoenix 07
Corastock Tunnel.. O« Potosl 19
Cen Cal & Va....l 15 Havage £2
Horn Silver 1 00 Sierra Nevada 42
Iron Sliver... 1 75 pmall Hopes 15
Leadvllle Con 02iStandard 2 00
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Call loans 405 Westinghouce ... 65
Time loans 30« Mining —
Bonds— Adventure 3%
Mchlnon 4» 99% Allouez 4^
Mexican Cen 4s.. CS Amalgamated ... 35H
Railroads— Daly We** 37V4
Atchison 65»4 Bingham 20ft
Do pfd 84 Calumet A Hecla. 435
Boston it Albany. 248 Centennial ]5»;
Boston K- Maine.. 1C8 tapper Range.... 44* a
lioston Elevated.. l3!>Vs Dominioi) Coal... 72
N Y. N H 4: H..194U Franklin 7
FJtchburc pfd.... 137 Isle Royale 5^
t'nlon Pacific... 70% Mohawk 37
Mexican Central.. 9 iji Old Dominion.... 11^4
Mincellaeous — ! Osceola ......... S3
Amef Sugar tl4»;'Parrot 17?,
Do pfd lmifQulney ... ... 88.
Amer Tel A. Tel.. 123 £ Hanta Fe Copper. 2
Dominion I tt 8.. «">, Tamarack S2
General Electric. 147 Trinity BU
Mars Electric... 19 I'nltnl States.... 17%
Do pfd 77^ JTUh 25^6
tTnlted Fruit. *5%jVIctoria ......... 25^4
U S Steel 139iitVlnona 6%
Do rfd ..... SSm Wolverine 63
LONDON CLOSING STOCKS.
Con* tor money. (»H|N VOntrml 12Ui
Do for acct eS%lN T or & West...... 58>i
Anaconda 3Vit Do pfd.... 90
New York Stock Market.
N'EW TORK, Oct. 23. — Amalgamated Copper
abicrbt-d an overwhelming portion of to-day's
busiaees in the Mtock market. For a good
deal cf the time the de&Hnf* in this stock were
larger than in all others combined, and it com
priwed about cne-third of the aggregate sales
of the day. The day's total showed & consid
erable shrinkafe in the recent average and
r.utninff but a negative significance can b«
tirawn from t£.e day's market. On this basis
«>r interpretation »h« market must be said to
liivf oftVied a coed resistance to the day's dls
tjrbing factor, a* ha» been the case during the
"%hcle «jf the wetk. From the point of view of
li«e professional traders there was an inciina
tifjti to draw tlie inference that the backset re
ceived by Amalgamated Copper would induce
e. very conservative market attitude on the part
'•' <1m» £tiindard O!l Company. As the pro
rt*rtnmt1 clement lays great stress upon the
: •if>po«'d attitude of the so-called leading in
•ieif-rti. this inference caused some sentimental
"ffett. Hut the professional impression was
romwV.at renfused In this regard by the action
if £la:idard Oil iuc!f oa the curb. This stock
n Id fir** lit «ix ooints over the previous close
.- • *T.s and later at C45. the closing beiaz at
<Zfi tid.
ThTf was a v«>ry excited market for Amal
tjrriitcu deeper ct first. At the openlnjr 13.600 I
Nliarr* wen tlirown u;>cn the market for slmul- 1
«n*»ioi» ssiea. which writ made at 35% down
:¦¦ 34lt> 'VVUi,i;i th- f-m few minutes of trad
ing rrom :<0.Out> to 40.<j0o «harn changed hands.
'PI.* manif«>kt Inski* Fur.-port for the stoclc then
'«*!>¦•' rfTectlve and rallied it a »x>int. IU
Bactuat&ma wen *-on».tam and fevtrlsh durinc '
the r.-tiol* of the Cay. carrying it back to the
nrt-aina low jyiint. thrn conap>tely r*co\ertng
ar,i ciocing «t a net decline of %. The de
rotoa to .-hut down the company's works in
Montana jx-iKiins the decision on appeal of
.ltiMt.on j.ret*nu a situation , whose eerious
nc^? %x. corporation ran hardly be sain
•aw. -hf prfnciMlK to thr contests exchanged*
i.itier iwlrniiiaunn. burins the day. The Ira
pranca CSnaa force that the support of the
».<,ek was c' a substantial nature and the «up-
« r inn*I«jc« sclUnK 6hl >*'ed tome falling off ia
«!!^J; R , hl M < "'P rMI ''>nB effect on the late
murkr*. as it ln-Jir R t»d R d^rrase In reserves
o? betwf-fn thr/>e and f< , ur mlilicn dollans. It
~,.C;i w ' r^i v<r ' t!l = f °- 1s '« mostly ac
nTJ J- ?„ ., >y lh t ***** movement to Baitl
fZZtltfU^rVZ ' f Mtu « t * r "» there. Allowing
• o- i?; 1 * ffft U>T th * <!^and from New !
(One«w. n i» vr.y evident that the westward 1
mor«n«rt C f, nill l««is-il9«BBl. !
There -U a c^linnert ar^orptlon of bone> at
NEW YORK STOCK I.IPT.
F:^t* — .«alf^. H|yh. Low. Cio»-« t
? ichifon 00,'nfl rs,i-, «i; »^*i
A:<-bi*on pf-1 <;oo sr»' t#v. f^n/.
EaJto & Ohio 9.S0O 74-i 72'i 751i
Northern • Business.
SEATTLE. Oct. 23.— Clearings, $019,055;
balances. $258,711.
TACOMA. Oct. 23.— Clearings, $343,469;
balances. $39,704.
PORTLAND. Oct. 23.— Clearings. $543,060;
balances, S37.7C8.
8POKANE, Oct. 23.— Clearings. $368,200;
balances, $46,171.
Northern Wheat Market.
OREGON..
TACOMA, Oct. 23. —WHEAT— Unchanged;
Bluestem. 78c; Club. 78 %c. •
PORTLAND. Oct. 23. — WHEAT— Walla Wal
la, 76078c; Valley. 78e.
WASHINGTON.
THE COAST RECORD.
ST. LOUIS.. Oct. 23.— Wool, firm but un
changed.
St. Louis Wool Market.
It begins to look a« If Eggs had touched their
top notch for the present. Receipts of ranch
are still light, but when Eggs get up so that
the public have to ray a retail price of r>c
apiece for them they stop eating them and tak«
something cheaper. I Several wholesalers cl
their prices yesterday from 55c to 50c and some
retailers who received consignment* direct
from the country turned sellers and offered thei r
gc>da to other retailers and even to the whole
salers. At the same time there were enough
Eggs selling at 55c to preserve this figure aa
a quotation. -
There was no change whatever In Butter or
Ch**se. Both were In ample supply, with
stocks still unevenly distributed.
Receipts were 45.100 lbs Butter; 616 cases
Eergs and 43.900 lbs Cheese. '
BUTTER — Creamery. 28«29o for extras and
26027c for seconds: dairy. 21025c; store Butter.
1714<f?l9c; cold storage. 24026c; Eastern. 23@25c
p«r lb.
CHEESE — 12Hc for the general market. 13®
13%c for select mild new and 11012c for lower
grades. Young America. 13%@14c; Eastern,
15W016^c: Western. 14®15c per lb;
EGGS— Ranch, 47>4@53c. with some sales
.as high as 55c; store, nominal; cold storage.
27?4J?30c: Eastern, 28030c for fresh and 23®
26c for cold storage.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
La*t This Last
Str.tione — 21 Hour?. Season. Swison.
Kurfka T. .{.24 1.68
R«l Bluff rt.<*> <•.<« 2.0S
Hacramenta o.<«> 0.14 1 .<«
San Francisco I'.fxt 0.17 1.3ft
Kr»*no <•.'*• rt.OU ft. 42
ltv>p*>n<1«>nc» 0.0<t T. O."8
s-'an Luis Obispo.. O.OO o.«2 1.76
l»s Anp*l*>! 0.00 0.43 0.39
San Dtego 0.O» 0.06 0.92
iiroth Meridian — Pacific Time.)
PAN FRANCIPCO. Oct. 23 — 5 p. ro.
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to
dato as compared with those of same date last
F<ason. and rainfall in last twenty-four hours:
Weather Report.
CHICAGO, Oct. 23.— CATTLE— Receipts.
2500, steady to 10c higher: good to prime steers,
$5 4005 90; poor to medium, $3 6003' stockers
and feeders, $2 2504 20; cows, $1 3504 25
heifers, $2®5; canners. $1 3502 60; bulls. $2@
4 25; calven, $207; Texas fed steers, $2 75@
3 50; Western steers. $3@4 75.
HOGS — Receipts to-day, 14.000; to-morrow,
12,000; steady to 10c higher; mixed and butch
ers. $5 6005 90; good to choice heavy, $5 400
ft 75; rough heavy. $3f5 40; light, $5 2505 80;
bulk of sales, 85 40-25 63.
SHEEP— Receipts, 8000: sheep and Iambs,
steady; good to choice wethers. $303 75; fair
to choice mlx*d. $2'ff3; Western sh^cp. $2 25<g)
4 25; native lambs, $3 2505 60; Western lamb«
$3 7505 25.
CHICAGO.
Eastern Livestock Market.
SUGAR — The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes as follows, per lb, in 100-lb bags:
Cubes, A Crushed and Fine Crushed. 5.83c:
Powdered. 5.70c; Candy Granulated. 5.70c: Dry
Granulated, fine. 6.60c; Dry Granulated, coarse.
6.60: Fruit Granulated, 5.6Oc: Beet Granu
lated HOO-lb bags only). 5.40c: Confectioners'
A, 5.60c: Magnolia A. 3.20c: Extra C. 5.10c;
Golden C. 6c: "D." 4.90c; barrels, 10c more;
half barrels, 25c more; boxes. COc more; 50-lb
bags, 10c more for alt kinds. Tablets — Half
barrels, 6.10c; boxes, 6.35c per lb. No orders
taken for less than seventy-five barrels or its
equivalent.
Receipts of Produce.
FOR FRIDAY, OCTOBER 23.
Flour, qr ska .. 32,400 f Lime, bbls .... ¦ 317
Wheat ctls .... 945 Brandy, gals .. 750
Barley, ctls ... «8,102 Beans, bxs 13.342
i Rye. ctls 500 Potatoes ska... 1,915
! Tallow, ctls ... 226 Onions 'sks .«. 735
; Sugar, ctls 330 Bran sks ...:. 1.080
Pelts, bdls .... 90 Feed, sks 180
Hides. No 841i Middlings, sks.. 600
! Raisins, bx* .. 7,1001 Screenings, sks. 4,900
! Quicksilver, fiks 351 Hay, tons 108
1 Leather, rolls .. 66 1 Hops bales ... 191
Wine, gals ... 42. 700. Wool, bales ... 248
OREGON. V-
Flour, qr sks .. 12.553 | Potatoes, sks.:. 453
Oats, ctls / l,2C0,Bran, sks 3,723
COAL— Wellington. $8 per ton: New Wel
lington, *8: Seattle. $« 50; Bryant. $6 50; Bea
ver Hill. $5 50; Stanford, $7; Roslyn. $7; Coos
Bay. $5 50; Greta. $7; Wailsend, $7; Rich
mond, $7 50: Cumberland. $13 In bulk and
$14 25 In sacks: Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg.
$14; Welsh Anthracite Egg. $13; Welsh Lump.
$11 CO; Cannel. $8 50 per ton; Cbke. $11 6&&
13 per ton In bulk and $15 In sacks; Rocky
Mountain descriptions, $8 43 per 2000 lbs and
$8 50 per ton, according to brand.
-OIL— Linseed, 49c for boiled and 47c for raw
In barrels; cases, 5c more; Castor Oil. In cases.
No. 1, 70c; Bakers' AA. $1 1001 12; Lucol. 44c
for boiled and 42c for raw In barrels; Lard
OH. extra winter strained, barrels. 85c; cases.
90c: China Nut. 55070c. per gallon; pure
Neatsfoot, In barrels, 75c; rases. 80c; Sperm,
pure. 75c: Whale Oil, natural white, 50tf55c
per gallon; Fish Oil, In barrels, 45c; cases.
60c; Cocoanut Oil. in barrels, 680 for Ceylon
and 55c for Australian.
COAL OIL — Water White Coal Oil In bulk.
15c; Pearl Oil In cases. 21 He; Astral; 21 He:
Star. 21%c: Extra Star,-25Hc; Elaine. 27%c:
Eocene, 244c; deodorized Stove Gasoline. In
bulk, 17c; In cases, 234c; Benzine. In bulk.
13c: in cases, : lfl^c: 86-degree Gasoline, In
bulk, 21c; In cases, 27%c.
TURPENTINE— 80c per rallon In cases and
74c In drum* and iron barrel*.
RED AND WHITE LEAD— Red Lead. 6%©
7c per lb; White Lead. C4@7c, according to
quantity.
BAGS— Grain Bags, S05l&c; S»>n Quentln.
0.66c; Wool Bags. 32085c: Fleece Twine, 7%
©8c: Cotton Fruit Bags. 6%c. 6%c and 7Vic
for the three (trades; Brown Jute, 6H07Hc
General Mercliandise.
Game was In free supply and met with a
brisk demand. All of the receipts came to
hand in good condition and nearly all descrip
tion* were quoted higher.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys, 19022c per lb for
younar and 14017c for old; Geese, per pair.
$1 7B02; Goslings. $202 25; Ducks. $4 5003
t>er dozen for old and $506 for young; Hens,
$406 50; young Roosters. $4 60ig5; old Roos
ters. $4 5005; Fryers. $3 6004; Broilers, $30
3 50 for large and $2 5003 for small: Pigeons.
Siai 25 per dozen for old and $202 25 for
Squabs.
GAME — Mallard Ducks. $7 ¦ per dozen:
CanvaRback. $9; Sprig. $505 50; Teal. $4; Wid
geon. $303 50; smalt Ducks, $2 60; Gray Geesp,
$3 50: White Geese, $1 60: Brant, $203; Eng
lish Snipe. $3; common SniDe, $1 50; Wild
Doves. $1 2.">; Rabbits. $1 75 for Cottontails
and fl 25 for Brush; Hare. $1 2501 50.
Two cars of Western Poultry, making five for
the week, were on sale, but did not clean up,
as retailers were well supplied and the con
sumptive demand was llaht. owing to the com
petition of Game. Receipts of California stock
were liberal and aside from a good demand
for young Turkeys the market was quiet and
easy, with several dealers making- conceselous
In order to effect eatee.
Poultry and Game.
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat — Dec.
Opening 6 6'/i
Closing 6 5%
PARIS.
Wheat — " " Oct. J*n.-Apl.
Opening 21 70 21 10
Closing 21 20 21 10
Flour —
Opening 32 30 28 60
Closing 32 00 28 45
Foreign Futures.
W. H. * H. Le May. in their annual circu
lar en the her> crop, etat* that the outturn In
Ergland cannot exceed 425,000 hundredweight*.
In 1S7S the acreage »own to hops in Great
Britain amounted to 71. 789. whil» *o long ago
as 1819 it -was M.O1+. «-li»n th* consumption of
b»T in England and Scotland was only 7.422.-
S07 barrels, while to-day in the I'nlted Klng
dcra It is 36,rt6<\000 barrfl*. with over 3000
6<~re* less nor* tVisn they had in 1618 to eup
ply the r^ulrrnenu of tb* brewers. With re
gard to England's probable import*, the firm
m^ntion^d doer not think It will be poesib!*.
nm with blffh prices, to attrart ae many
hops me wee received l»»t year, when the Im
ports reached only 1S5.000 hundredweights.
The requirement* of brewers, exporters, manu
facturers of non-alcoholic drinks and yeast
irakers are about 800,000 hundredweights.
Kw. If EiigUn<J chould produce 425.0<V) hun-
Cr+6 weights, and the Contin«-rt »»nd to it 6<\
0<X> hundredweight s and America 90.000 hun
dr^dwelghtf. it will only give a total of 575.000
hunrtrf-d weights: the deficiency of 225.O00 hun
dred w^iphtf. will have to be satisfied out of
cfwumpi-s' stock?.
England's Hop Supply.
The following quotations are for good, sound
Livestock, delivered in San Francisco. less 54
per cent shrinkage for Cattle:
CATTLE— Steers, 809c; Cows and Heifers.
7©8c; thin Cows 405c per pound.
CALVES — 404^c per pound (gross weight).
SHEEP— Wethers, 3^03%c; Ewes. 3©3H«
per pound (gross weight).
. LAMBS— $2 7503 per head.
HOGS— Live Hogs. 150 to 250 lbs. 594c;
under 150 lbs. 6%©5%c; Sows, 20 per cent off;
Boars, 50 per cent off. and Stags, 40 per cent
off from, above quotations.
Wholesale ratet from slaughterers to dealers
are as follows:
BEEF — 607c for Steers and 60Cc per Ib
for Cows.
VEAL — Large, 607c; small. S£9c per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers. 7H©8c; Ewes. 707%c
per pound.
LAMB — 0@10c per pound.
PORK— Dressed Hogs, 8K69%e per pound.
LIVESTOCK MARKET.
The tendency In" Hogs Is downward, as re
ceipts are ample, but prices show no further
decline.
DRESSED MEATS.
Meat Market.
SUGAR,
Hana P Co. — 75c iKilauea 3 C. — «
Hawaiian C. 44>i 46' /3 Makawell C. 21 Ti —
Honokaa S C 13 U 14 |Onomea S C. 32 v; 33
Hutch S P C 10U 10%|Paauhau S C 15«i 16
MISCELLANEOUS.
Alaska Pack — 155 Oceanic 8 C — 7
Cal Fruit As. 94 OS Pac A F A. 2«i —
Cal Wine As 92tJ 94 Pac C Borx.167 —
Morning Session.
Board —
425 Honokaa Co 13 5*
150 Hutchinson S P Co 1* 7.1
25 Makawell 21 CO
25 Makawell 21 25
35 Makawell 22 (Mi
50 Oponaea Sugar Co 32 5«>
100 Spilag Valley Water Co 40 <X>
ISO Trustees' Cert. S F O * E 6<J 75
Street —
$1000 North Shore 5s 100 23
Afternoon Session.
Board —
10 S F Gas & Electric Co 66 75
$4000 S P of Arizona (1010) 10© CO
Street —
J20OO Bay Counties Power Co 5s 10B 73
$2000 Oakland Gas bonds 108 S3
150 Trustees" Cert. S F G ft E 60 73
Halibut 1V0— Tomcod I2'^a—
Herring — & — Turbot .....20*1 —
Mackerel — '(t — Trout. Salmon. ..— <S.J."»
Do horse l."H«- - Trout — <&4O
Rockflsh — er-'Vi Brook Trout ....— ©5«J(
Salmon, fresh.. 12^015 Whlteflah 10^—
Do smoked I •»«-<" Clarr.s. gallon ..S03 —
Sardines 104r— Do hardsheU.lo efitft
Shrimps — 010 Crawfish, lb...l2H015
Shad If""* — Crabs, each — 9 —
Striped Bass ...15020 Mussels, quart. — 813*»
Perch IOH — Oyiters. Cal, 1OOi4O05<>
Pompino — 'fi.v> Do Ea3tem,dz.3CO40
Rockcod —015
The wholesale markets ari» slenderly sup
plied with fresh Ranch Egss and pric«» «r»
still hither. There Is no danger of an £s*
famln?, however, as cold storage and Eastern
Eg?s are plentiful. Choice Butter is ncn# teo
plentiful and Is etill brtnsrtnr hlsrh pr1-»«.
while the lower grades are In rood supply
with prices reasonable.
Meats. Fish and Poultry ar» plentiful and
prices have not changed for some weeks.
Oam* Is In good supply and a few new
descriptions are added to th» list. •
Some kinds of early summer fruit* have b*
cotne very scarce and are dearer, but m?*t
kinds are plentiful and stand exactly th»
same as quoted la*t week. Vegetable* ar*
abundant and prices stand about th# same. a*
previously quoted.
COAL. PER TON—
Wellington .$ — 010 00 New
Seattle , $— fl * 60 Wellington $—©10 00
Roslyn $ — © 9 00 Coca Bay ..$— £T69
Richmond ...$ — & 9 60 Greta I — O»W
DAIRT PRODUCE. ETC.—
Butter. choice.sq.5506Si Common E*RS ..330*O
Do good 4Ofe>*0 Ranch Eggs ....350UO
Do packed, lb. —030 Eastern Eggs ..SOWW
Cheese, Cal l.iar.t Honey, comb, per
Cheese. Eastern . 20025 pound — «CD
Cheese. Swlu... 25035 Do extracted.. 8010
MEATS, PER POUND—
Bacon lS025|Pork Sausage. .12^1*
Hams 160 IS Smoked Beef — 02"
Lard 12tt0— I
The San Francisco Butchers' Protective As
sociation gives th* following retail prices for
meats :
Roait Beef lO02OiHindqrtr Lamb. .lMT^
Tenderloin Steak.l501S Foreqtr Mutton.. 8010
Porterhse. dol7^.»> Leg Mutton ...13HOI*
Sirloin Steak.. 12^0111 Mutton Chop*. .12}»©13
Round Steak ..lO012Vs Mutton St«w Sfllft
Beef Stew —010 Roast V«al 12320
Corned Beef 8010 Veal Cutlets 130UO
Soup Bones 4&— Veal Stew 12H315
Soup Meat 8010 Roast Pork ...12U» <
Lamb Chops — «2<i Pork Chops 1501S
Foreqtr Lamb. 124 ©15
POULTRT AND GAME —
Heas. each 50075 Hare, each — «20
Young Roosters, Wild Doves. ds..$l 60
each «O075 English Snipe. dx$4 50
Old Roosters. ea.60@6f Jack Snipe. doz..$2iO
Fryers, each ...60060 Gray Geese, each— «W>
Broilers, each ..40050 White Gee«#. #«.-- 0^
Turkeys, per lb- .230CS Brant, each 2504 < >
Ducks, each 75c@?l!Tea! Ducks. «».. — «MA
Geese, each $1 75 Mallard Ducks.e»65©TS
Goslings $2 00 Wldg'n Duck».ea 4O05O
Pigeons, pair ... — 630 Sprig Ducks, ea.6O<a7ri
Squabs, per pair— 0M> Small Ducks, e*.— *»" <s
Rabbit*, each 20025 Canvas B"ks.M$l1Jl 24
FRUITS AND NUTS —
Alllgtr* Pears. ea.2S<9.35 Lemons. do« UW»2»
Almonds 15320 Vutmes Mel. «•. J<M0
Apples 3*| 5 Oranges, do* 25tfV>'>
Cantaloupes 10$ 15 Perstmmons. lb — © 3
Cranberries, qt.. — ©15 Prunes, lb — 9 9
Pecans — ©20 Pomegranates. eaJWu •
Brazil Nuts 201IW Peaches, per lb...8<810
Bananas, dox 25050 pears, ptr !b...3#i
Chestnuts 150CO Pineapple*, ea . . .2A#> ?• •
t'ocoanuts. each.. — (t 10 Quinces, lb . SO S
Dried Figs, pr lb — ¦»"» RaUtns. p«r lb. . M*t.1
Fresh Figs. lb...lMf2O,Ra8pberries. dr.. 40060
Grapes, per Ib... r.0 $: Strawberries, per
<irap« Fruit. dx.7.V..:»,l drawer 20<J.V»
Huckleberries.lb 10010 Walnuts, per lb. . 15fl2O
Limes* dos 10«rl5[\V'atertnelot», ta.10023
VEGETABLES—
Artichokes, doz. .400501 Onions. t»r lb. . 1® 2
B«et». dozen mo-— I Okra. green, lb.. 10015
Beans, white, lh. frS—iOkra. dried, lb. .— ©-'5
Colored, pvr lb 3« -IPotato«s. lb lVtfU
Dried Lima, lb.. ti@ 8! Parsnips, per dx. 15020
Cabbage, each... Ji^JO Radlshes.da bchsr.'isi^)
Celery, head .... .V/rlOlSage. Ax buncb»*?'«»--
Cress. iz bunch. 1V8 — iStrtns Beans, lb. 3© •
Cucumbers, dz .. 10<52*V Summer Squash.
Garlic 50 • per Ib • .- 3-9 S
Ureen Corn, <lox.2!.'rHO\ Sprouts, per lb.. 50 6
Green Peppers, lb Sit* SiPplnach. p»r 18.— © *
Dried Peppers.. 3 'i«»2S ! Sweet Potatoes.
Esjjt Plant 53 6: per lb 20-"*
Green Peas. lb. .. *»& Vrhjins.dx bnchs.2.*i<I30
Lettuce, per doi-lSiSCiXrurnlps. per da.. — ©15
I^eeka.dz bunch*. l«»2f Tomatoes, lb ... 29 3
Lima Beans, lb. 60 S 1
FISH—
Barracouta — 'gt ."¦?«• a Bass — O13
Carp 1O012H Smelts — ftl3
I'atfish _jTti«'» Soles 10012'j
Codfish — Cl-^a Skates, each 10O13
Flounders 10J5— Squid ¦ 9-
POTATOES— Burbanks from the river. 45®
70c per ctl; Salinas Burbanks, $1 2501 45 pe
ctl; Orecon Burbanks, 75090c per ctl: River
I>ds, C0©75c per ctl; Sweet Potatoes, $101 25
per - etl.
ONIONS— 60080c per ctl.
VEGETABLES — Green Corn, 50075c per
sack; Green Peas, 203c per lb; String Beans
1^402%c per lb; Wax. 2%©3%c; Lima Beans.
304: per lb;Tomatoe«, 25@50c per box; Summer
Squash, 40050c per box; Cabbage. 60c per ctl;
Carrots, 75c per «ack; Cucumbers. 60@60o per
box; Garlic, 304c per lb; Green Peppers, 350
50c per box for Chile and 50065c for Bell;
Green Okra, 60075c per box; Egg Plant, 50065c
per^box; Marrowfat Squash, $10012 per ton.
Supplies of river Potatoes continued far in
excess of the demand, but there was less poor
stock on the market, the recent demand for
shipment to the Southwest, together with the
light receipts, having checked the accumula
tion. Salinas Burbanks were steady under
light receipts 'and a good demand. Oregons
were largely nominal. The Portland steame
brought down about 1000 bags. . which had not
been marketed up to a late hour.-. The market
was overstocked with Sweets, which were dull
at . the recently reduced quotations. Onions
were unchanged, with the market steady for
good slock.
Receipts of vegetables were light, fresh sup
plies having been delayed by a railroad acci
dent across the bay. Carrted-over stock was
abundant and met with a good demand at the
previously quoted rates.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
, HIDES AND SKINS— Culls and brands sell
about l^c under quotations. Heavy Salted
Steers, 9%c; medium, Sftc; light, 8c; Cow
Hides. 8c for heavy and 8c for light; Stags,
6c; Salted Kip. ' 8%c; Salted Vtal. 9'V4c;
Salted Calf. 10c; dry Hides. 15©15*ie; dry Kip
13e; dry Calf. 17c; Sheepskins, shearlings, 25<{j
30c: each; short Wool, 40g60c each; medium, 70
000c; long Wool, $1@1 50 each; Horse Hides,
salt, $2 75 for large and $202 60 tor medium.
$1 25^1 »5 for small and 80c for Colts; Horse
Hides, dry. $1 75 for large and ?1 50 for me
dium. $101 25 for small and 50c tor Colts
Buck Skins — Dry Mexican, 32c; dry salted
Mexican. 25c; dry Central American. S2c
Goat Skins — Prime Angoras, 75c; large and
smooth' 60c; medium.- 35s; small. 20e.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered. 4%c per Ib; No
2. 4c; grease, 2H®3c.
WOOL— Fall clip — San Joaquln Lambs" D«
lie; Middle County. 11012c; Northern -Free
ll@12c; Northern Defective. 10011c; Hum
boldt and Mendoclno. 12014c; Nevada. 13018c;
Oregon, ¦ fine, 18019c; Oregon, medium. 17c
per lb.
HOPS — 20023c per lb for California ana 209
23c for Oregon.
Hides, Wool, Tallow and Hops.
Shipment of $4170 in specie to Hongkong.
Domestic Exchange lozcer again. Silver uncliangcd.
\ 7 czc York stock market still quiet and irregular.
Local securities inactive, with fe7c> fluctuations.
Cosh IV heat steady and futures higher.
Barley ?;; improved demand and advancing.
Oris in brisk request for seed. Corn dull and -vcak.
Bra:;, Middlings and Hay as previously quoted.
Beans still zitak and coming in heavily.
Extreme high prices for Eggs check the demand.
Butter and Cheese still in sufficient supply and unchanged.
Chicago reports Provisions dull for the season.
Hogs tending downward under liberal arrivals.
Supplies of Potatoes exceed the demand.
Poultry in liberal supply and quiet.
Game higher in spite of abundant arrivals.
NcTV Crop Oranges coming in too green.
Deciduous Fruits plentiful and rather quid.
Bank Clearings.
Atehlson 67% Dnt & 'Western. . . 20%
Do pfd omiPenns-ylvania «i
Bait & .Ohio. 7Gi£! Rand Mines .9\»
'•an Pacific 122 Reading •. . . . . 23>i
O.esa & Ohio 30>i, Do 1st pfd 89
• Til Great West.. 15^ Do 2d pfd..... 32
C M & St P....142H southern Ry.. 18^
De Beers \9\k { 1*> pfd 77
Den &: Rio 0 20 Southern Pacific 42-%
Do pfd 69}4 Union Pacific 7»
Erie Vi% X>o pfd. 87
Do lft pM CiiJU S Steel 14
Do-2fl pfd 4914. Do pfa.. 60U
Illinois Central... 134 H Wabash 19
Louis & Nash 104^4 Do pfd 32^
Mo. Kan &. Tex.. 16t*
Bar silver — Dull, 28 5-I6d cer ounce.
• Mon«-y — 1%S2 per cent.
The rate of discount. in the open market for
short bills Is 3% p*r cent and for three
months bills 3% per cent.
NEW YORK. Oct. 23.— The following table.
compiled by BradEtreet. shows the bank clear
ings at the principal cities for thft week ended
October 22, with th« percentage of increase 1
and decrease, as compared with the corre
sponding week last year.
PerCt. PerCt.
Inc. Dec.
•New VorV $1,181,505,114 31.9
?Chicago 186.210.605 11.9
•Boston 13fi.3ft4.041 .... 3.4
•Philadelphia ... UwR.740.lC3 " .... 13.9
•St. Louis 50.420,301 7-0 ....
I'ittsburg 45.405,139 0.7 ....
•Fan Francisco.. 2D.7e7.573 5.8 ....
-Baltimore 25.4S4.120 11.0 ....
Cincinnati 22.31$.7.V> 10.3 ....
•Kansas City ... 26,426.409 12.4 ....;
Cleveland 16.021,531 6.9 ...;
•Minneapolis.... 19,723.403 3.2.
•New Orleans .. 21,038,801 43.3
Detroit 10.502,035 12.4
•Louisville 9.807.37S 6.6 ....
Omaha 8.176.703 10.8
•Milwaukee 9.157,«U4 13.2 i
•Providence .... 10.819.200 6.7 ....
[•Buffalo 6.S7S.220 2.9
•St. Paul 6.744,275 0.1
Indianapolis .... 5,867,380 1.8
Los Angeles .... B.171,503 16.0
•St. Joseph 4.609,OT7 13.3
Denver 4,956,049 6.1
Richmond 4,065.331 9.0
Columbus 4.299,003 1.9 . ....
Seattle 4.910,721 10.3
Washington 3.837.651 0.8 >*"...
•Savannah 6.275,572 25.0
Memphis 6.585,172 3.4 ....
Albany 3,750,061 6.9 ....
Salt Lake City.. 3,202.097 21.1
•Portland, Or .. 3.874.832 -.*. 9.9
•Toledo 3.48C.9J17 11.5
Fort Worth -3.614.075 11.7 ....
Peoria 3.184,087 9.9- ....
Hartford 2.8S6.270 6.7 ....
Rochester , »2.685,842 20.4 ....
Atlanta 3.492.830 1.4 ....
! D«e Moln»s 2.1 38.270 16.6 ....
New Haven 1.772.365 7.0 .'«..
Nashville 2,448,924 11.4 ....
Spokane. Waah.. 2.473,444 14.5 ....i
Grand Rapids ... 1.RO4.964 9.9
Sioux City 1,451,363 .... 23.3
Springfield, Maes 1.434.4S1 .... 11.4
Norfolk 1.033,230 14.8 ....
Dayton 1.857,543 17.2 T.V.". j
Tacoma 2.111.532 15.2
Worcester 1.512.654 8.9
Augusta. Ga. .... 2.R40.031 19.4
Portland. M« ... 1.570,427 5.4
Hcranton 1,639,426 29.3
Topeka 1.651.270 7.4 ....
Syracuse 1,231.516 .... 2.3
Evansville 1,4O!>,S7U 36.2 -f.:'.. \
Wilmington. Del. 1.278.451 2.0
Birmingham 1.123.414 2.8
Davenport I.014.S60 14.8
Fall River 924.187 26.2
Little Rock 1.187.&C7 12.4
Knoxvllle 1.753.7MJ 52.9 "..../¦
Macon 1.171,000 .1.9
; Wilkpfbarre l,<61,003 67.1
Akron 734,000 8.4
Springfield. Ill .. 807.306 29.2
Wheeling. W Va. 7,V>.3«5 7.5
Wichita «P5.476 0.8 ....
Youngstown 65A.259 2.2 ....
Helena 547.231 4.6 ....
; Ivcxlnpton C67.P25 8.2 ....
i Chattanooga .... 703,253 .... 8.3
Lowell r>6J».6H0 12.7
New Bedford ... t»6,«W 20.9
Kalamazoo «51,714 1.9 ....
Fargo. N. D 752.C7O 8.0
Canton, 0 543,fX»0 28.1
Jacksonville. Fla 780.215 127.4
Greensburg. Pa.. 426,655 .... 25.1
Rockford. III. .. 478,460 3.7 ' vr.V
Springfield. O. .. 411.645 45.2 .;..
Binghamton .... 446,600 24.2 ....
Chester. Pa 434,516 23. » ....
Bloomlnjrton, III. 363,474 9.6 ....
Qulncy. Ill 417.0K- 1 ! I 62.9 * ....
8loux Falls .... 307.504 25. « ....
Mansfield. O. ... 210.255 25.7 ....
Jacksonville. 111. 319,915 73.4
Fremont. Neb... 145.374 18 5
Decatur. Ill 293.704 20.6
•••Houston 19,430.664 10.6 ....
•••Galveston 12,200.000 31.1
Charleston 1,410.100
Guthrlo 773.859
Totals. U. S... $2,044,168,619 .... 20 2
OutsMe N. Y.. 883.363,402 3.0 ....
CANADA.
Montreal $25,521,453 1.7 ....
Toronto 17.747.815 7.1
Winnipeg 6.680.702 23.8 ....
Halifax 2,013,9t>8 14.1
Ottawa 2.563.246 6.1
Vancouver, B. C. 1,684,594 23.1
Quebec 2,047,003 20.7 ....
Hamilton 1,290.073 25.0
St. John, N. B.. 1,157,953 4 9
Victoria, B. C. . 664.243 19.6 ....
London . 851.812 4.5
Totals, Canada $62,223,637 3.5 ....
•Balances paid in cash.
•••Not Included in totals because containing
other items, than clearings.
SUMMARY OF THE' MARKETS.
Over 18,000 sacks of Beans came In'yester
day and dealers reported a continued weak
market, with eom« changes. Whites *are lesa
firm, as the demand for them is not what It
has been tor a week or so. and large Whites
are lower.
BEANS — Bayou, $2 2502 60; Pea, $3 25; But
ters, - S3 25; small White, $2 9003 25; large
White. $2 4002 «5; Pink, $2 3002 50: Red.
$2 00S3 ;. Lima, ?3; Red Kidneys. $4 1504 25;
Blackeye, $2 10<g2 35 per ctl; . Horse Beans,
$16002. . .
SEEDS — Brown Mustard, nominal; Yellow
Mustard. $2 65; Flax. $1 7001 80: Canary.
C@5V>c for Eastern; Alfalfa, 12013c; Rape.
l*i©2%c; Timothy, 6©6%c; Hemp. 3VJ0.JV4c
per lb; Millet, 3®3%c; Broom Corn Seed. $2O#
23 per ton. ¦
DRIED PEAS— Green. $1 8002 per ctl.
Beans and Seeds.
FAMILY RETAIL MARKET\
CURED MEATS— Bacon, 12c per lb for
heavy, 12%e for light medium, 14 Vie for light.
15c for extra light, ISc for sugar-.-!ur«d and
19c for extra . eucar-cured; iSastern sugar
cured Hams. 15'ic; California Hams, 14%c;
Mess Beef. $11 50 per bbl : extra Mess.
$12012 60; Family. $13013 30: prim- Mess
Pork. 519; extra clear. $23; Mess, $20; Dry
Salted Pork. 12Vic: Pig Pork. $23; Pigs 1 Feet.
$5 26; Smoked Beef, 15c per lb.
LARD — Tierces quoted at 7%c rer lb for
compound and 90S Vic for pure; half barrels,
pure. £>Hc: 10-lb tin*. 9%i9l0c; 5-lb tins. 10HQ
10%e; tins, 10V4©10*,c.
COTTOLENE— One half barrel. 9%c; three
halt barrels, ? Vic: one tierce, 9?»c: two tierces,
©c; five tlercee, STie P«r Jb.
There is very Httla improvement to note In the
cash situation. It is dull for the season of
the year." '-s^9SM9§SiiB0Mq
war talk, the -news in general was bearish and
this caused some selling by local traders, which
result*! -In 'a somewhat easier tone, but a re
covery 'soon' followed on' covering by : shorts
and fair buying by a prominent bujl. Trading
was quiet the latter part of the. session and
prices fluctuated narrowly. -December closed
%c to «*c higher at S<H£c. '"- ' :
There was only a little trade in corn, .but
prices were firm. December closed Uc higher
at 44J4c.
Oats borrowed strength from ether grains
and light offerings also 'helped to create a
firmer sentiment. December closed ?4c Wgher
at S6c.
Trading in provisions was extremely quiet
and prices showed little change. Opening prices
were 1 a trifle easier along with. hogs, but a
firmer tone at the yards later was reflected In
the hog products. Pork closed 5c higher, lard
unchanged and ribs 2%e higher. A-s>
The leading futures ranged at follows:
Articles — . Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2— , ,
December (new) 7f>^ SOU 70% 80% \
May 78% 79 78*» 79
Corn No/ 2 — . ¦ - ¦ . .
October •••• 43%
December 44% 44% 44 44H
May 43 >•«% 42% 43
• Oat» No. 2 — 'T ~ -'-.
October "..'..". . 88
December 85% 36 H 35% 86
May •"«!*, 39% 36% 36%
Mess Pork, per bM—
October '• U 10
December 11 95 11 »5 11 92% 11 024
May ..111)5 12.07% H 95 12 08
< Lard. ' oer 100 ihR — i
October • 6 45'
January 6 52% 6 55- 6 52% 6 55
May.... 6 62% 6 C6 6 62% 6 66
Short Ribs, rer 100 lbs— ir -
October.... 8 00 8 00 7 73 7 76
January .......ft 20 6 25 6 20 6 25
May 6 37% 6 37% 6 37% 6 37%
Cash quotations were as follows: Flour was
steady: No. 3 spring wheat. 79083c; No. 2
red. gl(JS2c: No. 2 corn, 44V»044%c; No. 2
yellow. 45%<fr45*ic; No. 2 oats, 36c; No. 3
white. 36i§37%c; No. 2 rye, 86c; fair to choice
malting barley, 47®56c: No. 1 flaxseed, 90s;
No. 1 Northwestern. 96%c: prime timothy seed.
$2 80; mess pork, per bbl. $11 10011 12%;
lard, per 100 lbs. $6 42%06 47%; short ribs
sides (loose), $707 50; short clear sides (boxed*.
• $7 12%®7 25: whlpky, basis of high wines,
$1 25; clover, contract grade. $10 75. -
Articles— • Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels 34.000 23.800
Wheat bushels 96.500 68.100
Corn, bushels S88.00rt 362.500
Oats, bushels 342.300 249.900
Rye. bushels 17,400 6.100
Barley.- bushels 75,100 3,300
On the Produce Exchange to-day the butter
market was steady; creamery. 15%©21c; dairy.
14@18e; eggs, steady. 18S19%C; cheese, ea*y,
! 10%@ll%c.
ten; Oilcake. Meal at the mill. $26026 50; Job
bing. f27!S27 M: Cocoanut Cake. $21®22; Corn
Meal, $30031; Cracked Corn, $30 50031 60;
Mixed Feed, $22 60(523 50; Horse Beans. $30s$
40 per ton.
HAY— Wheat, $13018. with sales of extra
Choice at $16 60; Wheat and Oat. $12 50®
15 60; Oat. $12 50014 50; Wild Oat. $11 50®
12 50: Barley, $10012 50; Stock."$9@10; Alfal
fa. $10011 50 per ton.
- STRAW— 40065c per bale.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, OCTOBER 24, 1903.
STOCK MARKET.
Receipts of Feedstuffs were more liberal yes
terday, but they came ' on a - lightly .. supplied
and firm market. , Receipts, of Hay were very
light, being Just over 1Q0 tons.
¦¦- BRAN— $21 50023 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— $27028 60 per ton.
; SHORTS— $21 50023 per ) ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley. $21025 per
Hav and Feedstuff s.
- Local dealers . report ¦ a moderate , demand at
unchanged quotations.
The Chicago letter of < Bolton, de Ruyter A
Co.- says. "Market a little Irregular,. with Oc
tober ribs sharply lower. \ Rest Of "list . un
changed. . Receipts' of S hogs : were ! a little let*
than a ; year, ago r and ; prices at yards a little
hlsher. . SDeculatlve < trade dull and featureless.
Provisions.
Continued on Page Fifteen.
RAISINS— F, o. b. prices, Fresno, for 1903
crop: 50-lb boxes — Loose Muscatel.- 2-crown,
5%c per lb; 3-crown, 6%c; 4-crown, 0%e: Seed
less Muscatels, 4%c; do floated, 4 Vic: un
bleached Sultanas, 4%c; Thompson's Seedless,
64c. London Layer*— 2- crown.' $1 25; 3-crown,
$135; 4-crown clusters. $2;- 5-crown Dehesas,
$2 60; 6-crown Imperials, $3; Malaga Loose, 2
crown, 6c per lb: ¦ do 8-crown. 6%c; Valencia
Cured, 4%c; Pacific do. 3%c; Oriental do. 2%c
Seeded Ralslna — 16-oz. . packages, fancy. 8c per
lb; choice. 7 %c; 12-oz. ¦ packages, fancy, 6'Hc;
choice, 6%c; in bulk, fancy. 7%c; choice. 7%c
NUTS— Walnuts. No. 1 softshell. 13%o; No.
2. ll%c; No. 1 bardshell. 13c; No. 2, lie;
Almonds, lie for Nonpareils. 10%c for I X L,
10%c for Ne Plus Ultras and 8%c for Langue
doc; Peanuts. 607c for: Eastern; Pecans, 110
13c; Cocoanuu, : $4 E0@5; California Chestnuts.
10@15c per lb.
HONEY— Comb, new. 12014c . for; whits and
9® lie for - amber; \ new water white extracted.
5K@fl«: Jlsht amber extracted, 5c; dark,
a%fc4%e. . - :
BEESWAX— 27020c. : ,
¦FRUIT— Apricots, ,7@0%c for" Royals and
O@llc for Moorc>arks; EvaDorated Apples. 4Vi
05%c; • sun-dried, 3%@4c: Peaches, 8@7c:
Pears. C@10c; Nectarines, 4©5%c: Figs, white,
4O4%c In boxes: black, 4«ic Plums, pitted,
609c per lb.
PRUNES— 1003 crop. 2%©3c for the four
sizes.. • ' , '
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
13THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL. SATURDAY, OCTOBER 24, 1903.
14
HELP WAXTED — MALE— Contlnned.
A— MURRAY & READY. 634-&36 Clay St.
Phone Main 5843.
' Leading Employment and Labor Agents.
1902 we gav« 1903 we'll give
45,000 men work. 60,000 men wcrk.
ARIZONA. : '
OREGON. . ' * NEVADA.
Scuthern Pacific and Santa V* systems; free
pass
On Every Train.
Section hands, muckers, drillers, extra fangs,
teamsters, hammers men. ' ,
Mines, Tunnels. Quarries.
Miners all over State, $90 and $82 60
Stables. Farms, Orchards, Dairies,
Farm and orchard hands. $30, 435, $40 fd.;
milkers, $30 to $50 found/
Choremen. coachmen, gardeners, etc. $30.
btablemen, city and country Jobs, $30 to $60.
Sawmill?. AV'oods —
Laborers, no experience wanted. $40 to $70
found.
365 woodchoppers.
. , , , 287 tlemakers.
AH classes of experienced men for woods,
mills, etc., from $50, $70, $S0. $90, $100. $125
to $150 month.
Cooks. ¦Walters. Porters.
Cooks, hotels, restaurants, camps, mines- and
ranches, city and country, $30 to $70 found.
Waiters, city and country, $25 to $40 found.
Butchers, different Jobs, $40 to $90 found
Mechanical —
2 coopers, factory, 20c fare. $3 25 day.
Laborers and teamsters, city and country,
many in San Francisco, $2 25.
6 slack coopers, Ec; 6 cabinetmaker*.
To Fresno to-day.
15 laborers. lumber company, ?40 to (S3 fd.
: Oregon.
Coal miners. Oregon. Free fare,
to coal miner*. Oregon. $8 to $5 a day
6 boys, learn trades. ?5, *6 and $7 a week.
Shlngler, Monterey County. $00.
Painter and mperhanger. $3 50 day.
Steward, S75 and commia.Mon,
for first-class grill restaurant.
Stock clerk, city, $10 week.
Farmhand, Los Angsles district. $30 found.
Farmer and -wife, Reno. Nev.. fare paid. 530
found.
.Young man. drive light wagon, city. $30 to
$40.
MURRAY A READY. 034-636 Clay st
FRESNO TO-DAY. "
26 woodsmen. 540 to SCO found.
" 55 laborers for mills, yards. $1 CO day found.
Soutli — Beautiful— South.
MURRAY & READY. 634-G36 Clay Bt
* ALL FREE FARE.
Big good sawmill company.
Donkey boss. 5100.
26 laborers, you 11 suit, $35 to $S5 and found.
20 woodsmen, S5O to $no <ound.
MURRAY A READY. <i34-6'{6 Clay st
NO BLANKETS — 10c FARE.
12 teamsters, $1 65 day found.
MURRAY & READY, 034-636 Clay St.-
EL— D.— CO.
25 laborers, lumber company, $45 found.
MURRAY & READY. 634-036 Clay st
12 LINE pullers for woo'ds, $40 found.
MURRAY A READY. 634-636 Clay st
THIS IS IT.
26 more men to grade B. L. R. R.. $45 found.
MURRAY & READY, 634 and 636 Clay st.
CARPENTERS.
4 carpenters, fare $1. $3 60 a day.
3 carpenters, 60c fare. $3 a day.
16 carpenters, flume work, $75.
12 camenters' helpers, $3 fare,- $67 60.
MURRAY & READY, 634 and 636 Clay st.
GO TO-DAY— BOSS~HERe] ~ "
25 men, clear land, fare $1 50. $26 and found.
25 shingle bolt makers. $1 25 cord.
MURRAY & READY, 634 and 636 Clay st.
OREGON. COAL MINERS. FRED
COAL MINERS. OREGON. FARE.
MURRAY & READY, C34 and 636 Clay st.
155 LABORERS.
SPANISH. PORTUGUESE. GREEKS.
ITALIANS. . AUSTRIAN'S. FRENCH.
To ballast and grade track, $45 and found.
MURRAY & READY. 634 and 636 Clay st.
ARIZONA. " 003 MILES.
CLOSE TO PRESCOTT.
TO-DAY— $D
MURRAY A READY. C34 and 636 Clay at.
DIAMOND MATCH COMPANY. "
$75. . Four-horse teamsters.
$75. You'll suit; go to-day.
Cost you $1. That's all.
MURRAY & READY, 634 and 638 Clay st.
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S EMP. OFFICE.
429 Bush st 642 Clay st.
FOR SALT LAKE TRESTLE WORK.
7 carpenters, with tools $3 60
Board $4 50 — Free fare.
600 laborers for Nevada.. '..$2
Board $4 50^ — Free fare.
Absolutely Free Fare For All Above.
FOR CHICO. BUTTE CO., CAL.
Teamsters, 2 and 4 horse $2 25-$2 60
Rate Fare $2 SO— Ship Dally.
FOR LUMBER COMPANY — NORTH.
Swampers, crosscutters. laborers, pliers.. $60
No Sunday Wark.
FOR ROLLING MILL. COUNTRY.
Heater and crew. 9-lnch guide. 20-lnch bar
mill; regular wages; see boss here.
Concrete foreman who understands laying
castlrcn pipe, country, $90; cooper, wholesale
house, $53; man and wife, take charge private
place, $35.
Head cook, must be good meat cutter, no
baking, camp near city, ?C0.
Cooks, bakers, porters, waiters, kitchen
hands, pot and dish washers, $20-$G0.
All classes of laundry help, who want to go
to a first-class Southern California Hotel
laundry; best of wages;- fare paid; call and
register Immediately.
C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S EMP. OFFICE,
429 Bush st G42 Clay st.
' ->
WANTED — A young man experienced in sell-
Ing children's furnishings In a retail store.
Apply S. N. WOOD & CO.. 740 Market st
WHY pay big prices to have your shoes half-
soled when you can get it done for 25c, 50c
' and (JOc. while you wait at .Mi:! Mission st,
bet. 1st and 2d sts.. or 11 Third st?
WANTED — For U. S. Marine Corps, able-
bodied unmarried men, between 21 and 35;
good character; must speak. . read and write
English: marines serve at sea on men-of-
wsr In all parts of the world, on land in our
Island possessions, and at naval stations in
the United States. Apply at recruiting of-
fice, 40 Ellis st., San Francisco, Cal., and
¦ 401 K et.. Sacramento, Cal.
MEN to learn barber trade; only 8 weeks re-
quired; special offer thU month: catalogue
and full information mailed free. MOLER
SYSTEM COLLEGE. C35 Clay st
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkin. Reno House proprietor, has
added 1C0 new rooms to the Denver House,
217 Third st: 250 rooms; 23c to 50c per night.
WANTED — Rough carpenters and laborers.
Apply room 14, 20 Montgomery st, San
Francisco Construction Company.
PENSION ATTY. M. HARRIS. 40 Ellis st: 14
years' practice: refererces from thousands of
persons for whom I have secured pensions.
FIRST-CLASS showcase maker: also cabinet
maker; only those thoroughly understanding
_ the trade need apply. 115S Mission st
BRIGHT, active boy of 16 to IS for wholesale
house. Box 735, Call. .
WANTED— Boy to drive wagon. 4C0 Seventh
. st. Oakland. ,V "...
BARBER trade taught in 5 week?. Address
W. C. B.. K47 Comm?rcial st.
MEN to learn barber trade; catalogue mailed.
S. F. Barber School. T41 A Howard st. f
MAN to Icarn the barber trade: first-class In-
structions guaranteed. Oil Commercial st.
McDONALD & PERRY have a large stock of
new and second-hand shoes; cheap. 239 3d st
PENSION atty. E. A. Bullls, room 40, Phelaa
• bldg. Past Com. Geo. H. Thomas Post G.A.R.
SAILORS and ordinary eeamen for Europe and
' Australia. HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart st.
WINCHESTER Hotel, 44 Third st. near Mar-
ket — 700 rooms. 35c" night; reading rooms;
free 'bus and baggage to and • from ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
I received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
eubscriptiens has been established at 1090
Valencia st.
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly . damaged, half
- price. CC3 ¦ Mission st. bet. 1st and 2d st«.
GET your shoes half soled while waiting: 25e
to r.Oc. RC.1 Mission st. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
HORSES AND WAGON'S.
HORSE, buggy and harness, $40; donkey, $20;
cart, $12 50; top wagon, $50. 79 CTty
Hall ave.
FINE rubber- tired buggy and new harness,
also good driving horse,, for sale; a bargain.
Apply 817 Montgomery .- ave. Tel. James 2506.
HARNESS and saddles, the best for the money
lit JEPSEN BROS. CO., . inc., the big store!
1145-1147 Market st... San Francisco.
A FINE ( new rubber-tired Victoria ' for saleT
cheap; -the latest style.:. 1504 Foisron St.".
BIG auction every Tuesday, 11 a. m. : > horses,
harness, wagons, buggies. 1140: Folsom st.
MUST be sold at a sacrifice; 5 good horses. 327
Sixth, st . .
Al v EXPRESS wagon. " light camping wagon
¦and-gocart for. sale cheap. 532 " Mission st
Largest assortmt 2 -hand - wagons, buckb'd; sur-
rey,harne3s.work # drivlng horses. 15th- Valencia
HELP WAXTEP FEMALE— -Con.
WANTED— Lady as general offlc* assistant;
one familiar with figures or billing preferred;
give experience, reference and . wages ex-
pected. Bor. 740, Call, -y
WANTED— An experienced young lady, from
17 to 20 years, for office work. Address box
737, Call office. -
GIRLS about 15 for factory work; giod wages.
Apply at once, AMES A HARRIS. 100 Sac-
ramento st
2 LADIES of good address to represent a high-
grade magazine. 50 Columbian bldg.. city.
FIRST-CLASS stenographers furnished. Miss
M. G. Barrett, instructor. 302 Montgomery.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and -subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1086
* Valencia st
HELP WAXTED HALE. .
A— PACIFIC EMPLOYMENT AGENCY.
520 Sacramento st. — 520.
Cor. Leldesdorff it Phoue Main 1191.
SALT LAKE CITY. UTAH. CHEAP.
100 laborers — Utah — Feres.
U. S. Senator Clarks' new R. R,
New Government Irrigation work.
10 tunnelmen, see boss here today.
Nevada — Government dltcu.
10 teamsters, 15c fare, long Job, $1 63 day,
bed and board; no blankets.
6 miners, fare, $75; 5 tunnelmen, $75,
free fare; 6 muckers, same, $60: boy, help
cook, camD, 20 men." $20 found.
5 lumber pliers, near city, board home, 9
hours, $2 70 a day.
BUTTE CO. CHICO CHEAP FARE.
100 teamsters, laborers, rockmen, tunnelmen.
$2 25 to $2 75 day.
OREGON— COAL MINERS— FREE FARE.
20 laborers, near city, free fare, all winter's
Job, inside work, $60.
300 men for woods, yards and mills.
PRIVATE R. R.. NEAR CITY— 5 laborers.
MINES. TUNNELS, ETC.
5 miners. 8. hours, $90; 5 muckers, NORTH.
$73; 10 laborers, large mine, SOUTH, part
fare paid. (2 day; 300 men, chop wood, cut
ties, shingle and stave bolts, all over; also
HUMBOLDT COUNTY: farmer and milk
few cows, Solano County, $30 found.
Cooks, waiters and dishwashers. Call and
get a list of Jobs.
PACIFIC EMPLOYMENT AGENCY.
520 Sacramento st.
AT THE CAL. EMPLOYMENT AGENCY,
59 Third st, nr. Call bldg.: phone Bush 405.
FREE FARE.
NEVADA NEVADA.
Reno, Golconda and Ryndon.
100 laborers, $2 a day; S. P. R. R. Co.'s own
work.
4 men for rock quarry. $2 25 a day.
CHICO. BUTTE CO.
Half Rate Fare, $2 80.
12 teamsters. $2 50 a day.
10 laborers, $2 25 a day.
15 teamsters, $75 a month.
Ship to-day; fee $1.
CAL. EMP. AGENCY. 69 Third st.
A. O. CAMERON, please call.
Carpenter for mining company, $4 day; wood-
choppers for mine, $1 50 cord; coopers; sta-
ble boy. $30; farmer and wife, $50 and
found and increase; married man to care for
place, $.'».">; laborers, $2 day; quarrymen. $2 25
day, and others. J. F. CROSETT & CO., 628
Sacramento st.
2 . RESTAURANT cooks, $70 to $80 month
and $14 week; rook and wife, $60; hotel cook
and helper. *sO; hotel and boarding-house
waiters. $25 and $30; butler, $35; dishwashers
and others. J. F. CROSETT & CO., 628 Sac.
ramento st. - ¦» "
AT S. F. EMP. BUREAU. 17 Fourth st.
Laborers and rockmen, city, $2 25 and $2 50
day.
Reno and All Points In Nevada — Free Fare.
Laborers and teamsters, $2 day.
2 2-horse teamsters, $50 and found.
10 rough carpenters, Salt Lake. $3 50 day.
2 rough carpenters, lumber company, $2 day
and found. i
Swampers, spool tenders, .timber fellers.
Man and wife, city restaurant, $40 and found.
S. F. EMP. BUREAU. Phone Grant 26.
ANDRE'S. 317 Stockton st. — Cook, small board-
ing-house, $40; cook for mercantile lunch,
saloon, south, fare paid. $45; waiter, Fresno
County, $30; waiter. $10 50 a week; waiter,
S40; plain waiter, $25; 2 dishwashers. $20 tv>
$25; second gardener. $25; 2 butlers. $40; 2
young men for factory, $1 "5 a day, etc.
A BUTLER for steady place in city. $45. MISS
PLUNKETT, 425 Sutter St., near Powell.
A COOK for a hotel, $C0 a month: see party
here this morning. MISS PLUNKETT, 425
Sutter st, near Powell.
A— HOTEL GAZETTE, 26 Montgomery, r. 12—
Bellboy, $J5; porter, $30; steward, $60..
A MAN and wife, ranch, wages $50 to $60.
Apply to MRS. NORTON. 313 Sutter st
AT "E. A B." R. R. Labor Agency, !
638 Commercial st
• Free Fare— Free Fare.
B0 tunnelmen, $2 60 to $3 day.
50 muckers and drillers, $2 to $2 60 a day.
1C0 laborers, $2 a day".
Long Job: eight months' work.
- Free fare — Ryndon, Nevada.
"E. & B." R. R. LABOR AGENCY.
CSS Commercial at.
MAN with references to travel and call on
merchants and agents; experience not re-
quired; salary $24 week, expenses advanced.
National. 330 Dearborn st., Chicago.
WANTED — 4 experienced grocery clerks at
once; -no others "need apply. . SPROAT'S
- MARKET. 1049 Market at. ¦¦•-..
WANTED— An experienced bookkeeper for &
factory in the country. Address "Experi-
ence,*' box 2032. Call office.
WANTED — A jobbing gardener; must under-
stand his .business; married man preferred.
Address P. O. box 576, Eureka, Cal.
EXPERIENCED bookkeeper for country: steady
position: $75. Call at Royal House, 123 Ellis
st, at 2 p. m. '¦ ,
TRY our men's shoes, union made, at $1 and
$1 CO per pair, foot-form shoes : at $2 50, ; or
. ''orthopedic shoes. $3 50;best shoes on earth. 11
Third st. Exam. bldg.. 6 doors from Market
FIRST-CLASS teamster. 405 Jackson, gt. ;,.' :
ERRAND-BOYS and cashboys wanted.* Apply
superintendent's office, . the Emporium.
PORTER. 612 Kearny Bt.
BAH15ER Saturday and Sunday. 107 Jackson
.'- streets . '
BARBER wanted from 12 Saturday, to 12 Sun-
day; $4 SO. 1405 Polk st. : • '.
STEADY German; refs.; tend bar, make hlm-
eelf useful; wine house.- 15 City Hall square.
WANTED— 2 good laborers at 145 Chattanooga
st; come early. ,
WAITER; $9 a week; restaurant 126 Ninth
ptreet. --ry -••¦¦¦..--. . ¦ V- .¦¦.¦:.¦... ¦..>-;.¦.-.-:
GOOD tailor wanted ; for busheling. 82? Sutter
.St., near Leaven worth.- . ': .
TRY our men's ' shoes, union made, at $1 ; and
. $1 CO pair; foot-form shoes at $2 50; we pay
express or mall chry. 11 3d it; Exam. bid.
BARBERS— 3-chair t shop: north of Market
corner; low rent fPeckelman. -106 -Ellis. ,
A D VERTISINQ « solicitor; new business. tiC8
Market st.; 1 ; front office.
IIOUSES TO LET.
A— PRINTED list of houses to let: send for cir.
cular. G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery
A— HOUSES «nd flats to let: an immense list;
service absolutely free; take advantage oi
fthis department: it will save, you time and
trouble. Cordes Furniture Co.. 245-259 Geary
st. on the square.
VAN NESS ave.. 2104. n?ar Pacific — Modern
house; 10 rooms; rent $70. j
BUNNY house; 3 rooms; $40. 819 McAllister
street -
BEFORE moving get our printed list of houses
to let. BALDWIN & HOWELL. 25 Post St.
HOUSES TO LET — Fl'RXISHED. _
HAYES. 1423. near Park Panhandle— « rooms,
bath, largt* closet, yard, basement; aceoci-
modate 4 to 6 adults: desirable. Call 12 to 5.
i HOUSES' WASTED.
WANTKD^Dec. T~by 4 adults, good-sized,
well furn. house in West'n Addition prefer-
ences regards care. Box 80. Menlo Park.Cal.
HOUSE of 14 to 18 rooms, en long lease, with-
in 5 blocks City Hall. Apply 1170 Market
St.. room C4.
LOST AM) FOl'.XD.
LOST— In the vicinity of Valencia and 25th
sts., a small Mexican dog; answers to th»
nam» of Chew Chew. Reward given if re-
turned to DR. R. C. MEYERS. Russ House.
LOST — A Masonic keystone locket. Finder will
be amply rewarded by returning to 132 Cali-
fornia St.
LOST — On Haight, bet. Buchanan and Scott
red belt with gold buckle; reward. 225 Scott.
IT will pay to "Remember" that the California
Watch Case Co., 220 Sutter st. needs old
gold and silver to make new watch cases.
/ ¦
MEDICAL.
fi AN FRANCISCO'S EMINENT PHYSICIAN.
DOCTOR WHITE
TREATS WOMEN ONLY.
702 MARKET ST.. room 7. Phone Red 3321.
Every facility for the BEST treatment of
all diseases and disorders of women. Elegant
sanatorium. Select patients. Strictly confl-
dentlal. Fee3 within the reach of all.
MRS. DR. WYETH. specialist for all female
complaints; Instant relief guaranteed; 30
years' experience; removed to 828 Poat st
MRS. DR. KOHL, reliable epeclalist for all f«-
male troubles and irregularities; Instant re-
ilef guaranteed. 1008% Market st. opp. Sta,
DR. G. W. O'DONNELL— All who are sick or
in trouble consult this specialist on femaU
complaints; positively corrected; the unfor-
tunate helped; the most difficult cases treat-
ed; advice free. Office. 1013 Market st
Drs. Goodwin. 723 Turk. nr. Van Ness — Expert
in obstetrics, female complaints: inst. relief ;
treatment $10; hours. 10 to 5; 25 yrs. exper.
MRS. D. ALLEN, 1118 Market— Reliable ladles 7
specialist; a' private homo before and during
confinement; best medical care; low fees.
DR. and MRS. DAVIES and HINd6o~HERBS;
original method of treatment 1126 Market ts.
DR. ROSEN resides 2995 Folsom st., cor. 26th;
ladles, relief cr no fee; $10.
DR. NG TOY KEE. 319 Powell st. opposite
Union square; all diseases cured by herbs.
MILLI.\ERV.
LADIES — 200 stylish hats to select from; lsas«
sold, must vacate February 1. 1904: sava
money by calling on MME. DOSCH. 207 Post
MIXING AXU ASSAYING^
TAILINGS dump wanted: will buy or work on
royalty; have 50-ton cyanide plant and want
place to pwt it. Box 2C3-':. Call office.
MISCELLANEOUS FOR SALE.
EOILERS. engines. 2d-hand machinery. McIN-
TOSH & WOLPMAN. 105-197 Fremont st
FOR sale — 1 small steam heater. 1 compressor
or boiler, 1 25^iorsepower gas engine, 1 10-
horsepower gas engine. 1 8-borsepower boiler.
For prices and information regarding above
and inspection of same, call at WHlfTIER-
COBURN CO., 20 Fremont st.. S. F.
DOES YOUR ROOF LEAK?
Repair It with elaterite ; in rolls easy to lay;
needs no painting or coating; good over old
iron, tin or shingle«: best for new roof*.
ELATERITE ROOFING CO.. 713 Market st
2D-HAND machinery, boilers, engines, pumps.
pulleys, shafting, etc., etc.. bought, sold,
rented and exchanged; sea Sunday papers.
H 8. WHITE M'CH'Y CO.. 130-132 Beale st
NOTICE-^— A 3-room hunting shack at draw-
bridges near Alviso. Inquire of R. B. CHAN.
DLER at Fulton Iron Works, Harbor View,
for further information.
A— Fine suits. $7 50; dress pants. $2 50. Origi-
nal Misfit Clothing Parlors. 233 Kearny st.
near Bush; open to 0 p. m. Sunday to noon.
A— $3 50 DERBY and Fedora hats. $1 75. Pop-
ular Price Hatters. 330 Kearny st. near
Pine; open till 9 p. m. Sunday to noon.
A— BUYS, eells or rents gear machinery, en-
gines boilers water pipe shafting pulley*,
etc. 'WHITELAW, 253-255 Spear st
SLOT machine, Dewey. $45; Regina music box
and lot of discs; Columbia phonograph and
records; cheap. 150S Seventh st, Oakland.
TRY our men's shoes at $1 and $1 20 pair;
foot-form shoes at $2 50; we pay express
charges. 11 3d st. Exam, bid.; catalog, frea.
LARGEST runts and other pigeons; trained
Irish setter. 2141 Linden Et. Oakland.
Al ENGINE. 1Cx36: slide valve; about 175 HP.;
good as new; bargain. P. O. box 20S6.
BEST Burbank potatoes. $1 15 the sack de-
Uvered. Phone Grant 70; write, call. 115 Mkt
A VERY fine diamond over 3 karats for $335
at W. J. HESTHAL'S. 10 Sixth st
3 U AND 10 hp. gasoline engines; 2d-hand; al!
sizes, new. E. B. BECK & CO.. 122 Market
NEW and second band machinery of all kinds.
KROGH MNFG CO.. 519 Market st
SAFES — New and second-hand. THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO.. 417-423 Sacramento st.
MOVING pictures, magic lanterns, sale, rental;
bargains. Bullard A Breck. 131 Post st
MILES of pipe and fitting!" : all sizes. ETJ-
GTENE R1LEY A SONS. 109 Vallejo st
MOVING picture film and song slides. 100
Montgomery et.
SAFES — New and second-hand. E. B. BECX
A CO.. 122 Market st
All bargalns;camp stools and chairs ihunmocU,
metal beds.mattresses.J.F.Hotter.712 Mission.
Edison phonographs, record?, supplies, moving
picture machines, films. Bactgalupl. 033 Mkt
GASOLINE engines automobiles and launches;
all sizes. J. K. DOAK. 46 Fremont st
ASK for prices on second-hand typewriters; all
makes. ALEXANDER A CO.. 110'Montg'y.
MISCELLANEOUS WAJiTS. *~
I PAY high*< prices for all kinds of cast-orr
clothing; send postal. MORRIS. S70 Folsom.
BOOKS and libraries bought H. C. HOLMES.
1149 Market et. : phone Jessie 3741. or 'postal.
TILTON wants good second-hand clothing and
theatrical goods. 124 9th st. ; tel. Jessie 2S51.
A BIG price paid for sealskins; send postal.
25 Stockton st. : rihen* Bush 4*4.
MONEY TO LOAN.
AAA— HERMAN MURPHY,
601-602-603 Examiner building.
Quick settlements; no disappointment
Save expenses by dealing directly".
¦ Estates, second mortgages, undivided inter-
ests, assignments of rents, property in trust,
etc.; legacies, life estates and undivided in-
terests in. property purchased.
Courteous treatment. Strictly confidential
When You Need Money
See HERMAN MURPHY.
INTEREST REDUCED TO 5 PER CENT.
DEAL DIRECT: SAVE EXPENSES.
I will loan on 1st. 2d and 3d mortgages. SAN
FRANCISCO. OAKLAND. TOWN. COUN-
TRY PROPERTY and REAL ESTATE la
probate; send full particulars of property; no
answer otherwise. Box 249S. Call office.
ADVANCES on furniture and pianos without
removal ; to permanent salaried people on
their note without security or knowledge of
employer; lowest rates; no commission. Na-
tional Credit Co. 6S and C9 Donohoe build-
ing. 1170 Market st.
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry, at
. lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store. 849
Market at. ; tel. Main 1644. Branch. 19 Third.
MONEY loaned to salaried people, retail mer-
chants, teamsters, bcarding-houses. without
security; easy payments; largest business In
46 principal cities. Toiman. 55a Parrott bldg.
THE Open Credit Assn. makes advances to re-
sponsible salaried people, confidentially; new
and simple plan: easy installments.' Room
50. Academy of Sciences. 810 Market st
! STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL LOANS on fur-
i niture. pianos or to salaried people on their
' note; proper treatment guaranteed. ILLi~NOI3
I TRUST CO.". r. 16. Phelan bid., tel. Ma In 704.
A— 1 per cent on furniture or piano: no remov-
al, no commission, no publicity ;$25 up; quick.
¦ private, confidential. 26 Montgomery, ra. 7.
M. JACOBSEN & CO., room 621, Emma Spreck-
els Building, loans money on real estate and
all other securities: confidential ; low rates.
MUNICIPAL LOAN OFFICE. 103 Grant ava,.
;-,^V LOANS FROM 51 TO 110.000.
SAX FRAXCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco
Ck',1. /-orner Market ar.>: Third streets: o^*n
OT5'.:i 12 o'clock rvery nipht In th» year.
BRANCH OFFICES— 527 Montgomery street,
corner Osy; open until a:30 p. ra.
r.00 Hayrs street: open until 9:30 ;\ tru
C39 McAllister street; open until 8:30 p. m*
CIS Larkin street; or*n until 9:.V) p. m.
!!>11 Mlsrion street; open until 10 n a
£2C1 Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
BStU 9 p. m.
IOC Eleventh street; open until 8 p. m.
1C36 Valencia street; open until 0 p. m.
Northeast corner Church and Duncan streets;
cp<n unii! 9 p. m.
Northwest corner V)f Twenty-^ecorKl and
Kentucky streets; or«en until 9 p. m.
22QQ rmmoro street; open until 9 p. m.
MEETING NOTICES.
SAX Francisco Chapter No. 1. Royal «
Arch Masons, m«ets THIS EVENING.
K. A. degree. •¦ /V\
II. G. PRINCE, Secretary.
CALIFORNIA Lodge No. 1. F. and A. e>
M.. will meet THIS (SATURDAY) VV
October 24. at 2 o'clock p. m. S;c-^f\
ond Degree. By order of the Master.
FRAXKUX II. DAY. Secretary.
OOCIDUNTAL l*cC s * No. 22~fT and
A. M.. THIS (SATURDAY) AFTER-^fi_,
NOON at 1:30 o'clock, and in the }Qk
evrniny «t 7:30 o'clock. Third De-'^ x
gres. Master Masons cordially Invited. By
order of the Master.
WALTER O. ANDERSON. Secretary.
FIDELITT Lodge No. 120. F. a»d A. Z>
M. — Special meeting THIS (SATUR-VV
DAY) EVENING at 7:30 o'clock. /V\
First Degree. Masons cordially in-
vited. By order of the W. M.
FREDERICK CARRY. Secretary.
KINO SOLOMON'S Lodge No. 2C0. F. O
and A. M.. 1S38 Flllmore st Tliird Yy
Degree THIS (SATURDAY) KVZSi- /V\
ING at 7 o'clock.
HARRY BAEHR. Secretary.
EXCELSIOR Degree Lodge No.
¦J 1. O. O F— Regular meeting -*>>«aV;3?-
THIS .^ATUr.DAY) EVENING. ¦-^ J §£S?£JM
First degree. "-^fewPS*"
WM. B. CURTIS. P. M.
TO the funeral detail of the Riggers" r~
and Stevedores' Union. Local 222, cf Jg£
; hf- I 1., >i lii.i T. Aysixrlati'.TJ, ho- Jr^A
tinning with G1X)RGE H. BUR- r<4^3
,-"'i:.\"]> :.r; ending with T. G. VsVi?
UERKELEY. You arc hereby ri'-tl- >&£>**>¦.
iW to assemble at our hall. tJ03 *««•****
Kn.nl tt.. TO-MORROW (SUNDAY), ©ctob-r
£3. at b:J0 n. m. than>. for the i<uri>ose of
attending the funeral of our deceased brother.
MANUEL KRAETES. By order of
THOMAS F. BRYANT. President
HENRY JEND. Recording Secretary.
THE California Debris Commission hnving re-
ceived applications to mine by hydraulic
proc-ts from E. C. Kavanaugh and William
H. Duffey in Phillips mine, near Forest
Hill. Placer County. Cal.. draining into Mls-
foun Creek, which reaches American River,
end from North America Consolidated Gold
Mining Ccrr.rany. in Its mine near Glbson-
vi'ue. Sierra County. Cal.. draining into west
l:anch Of Slate Cr»ek. which reached Yubd
Kiv<r. gives notice that meeting will be held
Bt room 9U Flood building. Sa.n Francieco.
Cal.. November 2. 1903. at 1:30 p. m.
ATTO K X E V S- AT- LAW.
ADVICE FREE.
OLD ESTABLISHED
COLUMBIAN LAW & COLLECTION AGENCY
Abie attorneys. Km. 85. l>16 Market, oppo-
*iie Emporium. Bad tenants ejected speedily
end rea«5n3t!y.- Collections, no matter how
rn:aM. attended to: attachments; bonds fur-
r.ifhtd: corporations orgsnixed: civil and crim-
inal practice. Tel. John *C!2tJ. Open evgs. by ap.
polrtrr.ent We solicit an interview with you.
ADVICE FREE. ESTABLISHED 22 YEARS.
Divorces a specialty. Private. Quick.
NO PAY VXfJEgn SUCCESSFUL.
G. W. HOWS.
Attorney and Counselor at Law.
Cr*ti Even;ng» 7 to 9. Phone Jessie 4711.
Otf.ce» en First Floor — Rooms 1. 2, 3, 4 and 5.
;:C2 Msrket St.. Between Mason and Taylor.
A:m<-Ft Crp^slte "Hale's" Dry Goods Store.
TKF LEGAL ADVISORT. Inc.
Pract.ce in Federal and all State Courts.
Attachtrer.ts. divorce, mining, bankruptcy, '
rrcttcutlor;*. adjustment*, corporations, pat-
«r.t5 rstatc-s. probate.
Exrerienced and Reliable Attorneys Engaged.
Advice gu»rar.l»*d Correspondence •"llcited.
t".l MIA M!B Crossley Bldg. Tel. John 2V26.
N. E. Cor. New Montgomery and Mission 8ts.
I'.OBT. \V. KING, alty-at-law. Examiner bid..
room till; a!l c&ses. damages, estates, wills, '
•ctachaafntf. collectjons, etc.; consultation
free: no advance charges; ca'.l or write;
*venlnr* by appointment. Tel. Red 3601.
ftSWlCE free — 1 will advance cost in meritori-
ous eacez, divcrr.es. probate and all other law
etiet: no fees in advance: open every even-
•.rt J. M THURSTON. 819 Market st. r. 8L
\\iiir.»>r Ttrr.pie, 93 Chronicle big.; bankruptcy,
accidents, probate, matrimonial; labor liens.
DIVORCE cofts $12: open evenings: tenants
tjer-ted. $5. 31<> Market. r.52. phone Black C51.
A. II EWING — Attorney-at-Iaw. Room 612.
Tarrott tld?. : phone South 655.
riVORCE— Cost?, $12; quick, quiet; open even-
tr.gs. 927 Market ft., room 301.
i.. P. CLAP.K. Emma Spreckels bldg.. 827 Mar-
k«t rt.: conrultation free; no fees in advance.
/.ITKEN & AITKEN. attorneys, rs. 303-10-11.
C!ur:e bMg.. £03 California »t; teL Maln'727. j
ADVICE free; no charge unless successful ; all
In*- H:?t n~«. W. W. Davidson. 927 Market
RLSIXESS CHANCES.
EIG TRKES MINING COlIPAXT^Su^cn>
t.ior.f to capital stock before filing of Incorpo-
ration v.a;»-rs clore Monday. Call on GILES
OTIS PEARCE. M. E., room 11, Brooklyn
Hotel: war.ted. $2C0 more.
OWING to cor.tlnuf-d I'.l health will sell best
paying fits!) coffee house south of Market
Ft; no as«=nts. 1S5 Fourth st.
RESTACBAXT and oyster house. 108 Seventh
ft. ; coir.:: In another business.
GOOD bakery In country town to let; account
¦A oti-.t-r business. 40S McAllister st.
FKriT store; 2 horses: 2 wagons; must be
«oid: I'ltwil Call 1545 Geary st.
FOR tale— Branch bakery; good location; price
H7r>. I0SSH Hyde. cpp. power-house.
LODGIXG-HOISES FOR SALE.
100 ROOMS-; house for men; rent $140... $4000
rs rooms; 6outh of Market: rent $100. 2000
t'4 looms; corner; part cash; bal. easy. 830
51 looms; good income; rent $20 350
"1 rooms: water front; rent $40; lease. 650
320 rooms: good lease: low rent C500
T7 rrr.s. ; apartmenU;Western Add.;rent 250
Money loaned at 1 per cent
Hoi*li. roadhouses, flats. 5 to 100 rooms.
EITEL & CARROLL. 212 Kearny st
il'jM sell, account Fickners, 12-room lodging-
huusfc: iai Golden Gate ave.; full; a bargain.
1-X'KNITt'Rj; of S rooms »anrt bath; for sale;
ri"ir.-it ail rented: ?2<X>. 402^ Sixth «t
— s y ri 1 1 f r i; a l i s ai .
PROF. Fred P. Evans, nctcd psychic for slate-
»riting ana clairvoyance; stamp tor circular.
1112 Eddy ft. nr. Octavia; phone Scott fsSi'.
EDWARD EARLE, 1U02 Ellis, readings daily.
U:'M to 4; gearices Sunday and Thursday.
CLAIHVOVAXTS.
MY P.p?rular $3 Readings This Weekfor
*1 $1 $1 (1 $1 $1 $1
PROFESSOR PAUL DESTINE.
The First Registered Trance Clairvoyant and
Palmist Evf-r In San Francisco.
I do heriby solemnly agree and guarantee
«o tB£ke no charge If I fall to tell you ycur
r.sme. occupation and what you called for;
I promise to tell you whether husband, wife
or sweetheart is true or false; I tell you
-whom and when you will marry; in fact I
uill tell you every hope, fear or ambition
better than you can tell yourself; I improve
ycur character so that you will reach the
highest possible development in mental vigor,
health, happiness and capacity \ to earn
wealth: so you will live happy and contented
the rest of your life. Hours 10 a. m to S
p. m.; Sundays, 2 to 8. 32U OFarrclJ st. 326.
MME. M. BERNARD. THE FAMOUS
Clairvoyant ar.d business medium, perma-
nently located at 17 Third st. ne>t Examiner
lildg. ; Bhe reads your life correctly, gives an
accurate description of the post, reieals the
present happenings and portrays events to
uceur in the future; If you are in ticuble, dis-
contented or not eatisfied in life, cr have do-
mestic, love cr business troubles, consult this
cre&t medium end you will be told how to
overcome them; valuable advice in all affairs
of life; Zoc up; catlEfactlon guaranteed; read-
ings by mall. Tel. Black 4009.
I.-MAU. the Egyptian gypsy, clairvoyant and
palmist, lurmar.tntly located at 1104 Market
*t., cor. Turk: private readings daiiy, 10 a,
m. to 5 p. m. ; readings by mail as satisfac-
tory as In :;erson; .1 questions answered. $1;
full life. *5; send lock of hair, date and year
<»f birth; don't send currency. Send poetofflee.
Weils-Fargo money order or registered letter.
A— MME. PORTER, scientific clairvoyant and
card reader, bcrn with a double veil and sec-
ond sight; tells the past, present and future;
ladies. 50c; gents. $1 ; by cards, palmistry
and clairvoyant sitting: $1 50. 12<J Turk st
1II«S ZEMDAR. yoong. gifted clalr. and palmT;
3-nvaIg love, mfarriPRe. bu»tn??s. etc.; L. 50c.
<». f 1 : hours I" to 8: names. 714 Franklin nt.
A-Mme. Itaverina reads life. l>usln«-«. advice:
names given: 25c up. 5 4th St., near Market
PARTHENA. rifted' clalr.. Just from East;
wonderful prophetess. 507 Post st. nr. Mason.
Olfted clairvoyant test nv-dium; names given;
ladle* cnlj-.COc; 2 to 8. IOCS HarrUon. nr. 6th
EMPLOYMEXT WASTED — MALE.
EASTERN man, with 25 years' experience, like
• to have position as superintendent or foreman
for contractor and builder, on In or outside
work; good draughtsman and flgurer on plans
of any description. Box 2C14. Call office.
ASSAYER and chemist, with best smelter ex-
perience, would like position in Central cr
South America; capable of operating mine
and stamp mill. I. ETOCKWELL, 1424 Mar-
ket at. .
A REFINED old gentleman, eminently respect-
able, good habits, unlncumbered, desires a
position as companion to an elderly gentle-
man or lady, cr both. Address P. O. box
l!073. Sp.n Francisco.
WANTED — Any kind of office employment,
having had experience in coal and wood
business; also In railroad office work; collect-
Ing and soliciting; can supply any kind of
references. Address box 4460. Call.
RESPECTABLE young man. sober, willing and
reliable, wishes position in first-class house
to learn bartending; city or country. Address
box 738. Call office^
POSITION wanted as engineer by sober, re-
liable man; 10 years' experiencs. Address
728 Howard st. room 3.
MIDDLE-AGED single man would like a po-
sition In the country; wages no object Box
4464. Call office.
JAPANESE boy, gentle and honest, wishes
situation as schoolboy; speaks English and
understands housework; give me answer by
letter. Address N. H.. Y. M. C. A., lfl
Haight st. -
AN energetic Japanese, with experience In plain
cooking, would like to work, $5 a week, in a
private family; steady and faithful. F. N.,
431 Stevenson st. ; tel. Jessie 2381.
A JAPANESE young man wants to do some
kind of work before 8 a. m. in return for
small room; vicinity of 1011 Flllmore st
TWO Japanese boys desire housework or school-
boy position. 1304 Post St., tel. Polk 2157.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1003
Valencia yt.
FINANCIAL.
4~PElT CENT~to 6 PER CENT HIGH GRADE
Municipal. School. Rajlroad and. Corporation
Bonds,
Bank and Trust Company Stocks,
Selected for conservative Investors. .
Write for information to \
HEAZELTON & CO.. >
Stock and Bond Brokers, •
Hayward Building,
San Francisco. Cal.
FLATS TO LET.
A — HOUSES and flats to let: an Immense list;
service absolutely free; take advantage of
•this department; it will save you time and
. trouble. Cordes Furniture Co.. 245-239 Geary
et. on the square.
51 S — ADULTS: 4 nice rooms, bath, toilet, cel-
lar, yard. gas. 1033 Geary; vacant on 1st mo.
ELEGANT 7-room < orner flat; rent $35. 652
Church St.. -near Eighteenth.
WASHINGTON, cor. Lyon— New sunny cor.
flat, 9 rooms, large reception hall; rent $55.
BUSH. 1651. near Franklin— 7 sunny rooms;
upper flat; $37 50; yard, etc.; rear entrance.
ELLIS, 810, nr. Polk — For business purposes; 3
rma. ; all conveniences; electric light, power.
PIERCE and McAllister sts., NE.- corner— 9
rooms: new: rent ?57 60.
FLATS TO LET— Ft'ItyiSHED.
HAX DSOMI2L V f urnl'shml 4-iroom flat: rea-
sonable. 2808A Sutter. Inquire from 1 to 5.
PRETTILY furnished flatT 5 rooms, bath. 1S05
¦ Stelner «t. '
FLATS FOR S A LE— FURX I S H ED.
NO reasonable offer refused; furniture of 8-
room flat; boarders. 1031 McAHU'.er st
FURXITURE WANTED.
A. WOLLPERT. 773 Mission, phone Red 4462,
buys, rents, repairs, packs furniture, carpets.
HIGHEST price for furniture and mdse. L. H.
BURP, auctioneer. 1818 Mkt. jtel.Howard 2756.
UELP WAXTED FEMALE.
WANTED— Cook for Menlo Park. $30; cook,
wash and iron, $45; 4 cooks, no washing, $::.y
German cook, $3T>; 2 cooks; 2 hotel cooks,
country, ?25-$30; 2 parlor maids, $25-$30; 5
second girls, $20-$25; 2 nurse girls, $25; 2
waitresses for country hotel, $20, fare paid;
housekeeper, hotel, city. $30; nurse and some
second work. $25: chambermaid and waiting,
$20: laundress. $25; housework, 4 in family,
$::.">; housework, San Jose, $35; San Rafael,
S30, and 50 general housework girls.- $20, $25,
$30 and $35. Apply to J. F. CROSETT &
CO., 334 Sutter st. - ¦
A LADY'S maid and seamstress, must sleep
home, $40; cook, $40; waitress, $30; house-
glrl. -?30. MRS. NORTON, 313 Sutter st. .
A SECOND girl, also a nurse, for Santa Bar-
bara. ?2C- each; see party In office. MISS
PLUNKETT. 425 Sutter et, Powell.
A — Girls to learn millinery now for fall season;
both seasons taught Trom start to finish in 1
month for $10.; positions as trimmers, sales-
ladies, etc.. guaranteed at $10 per week up;
day and evening class. 143 Stockton Bt, r. 13.
A— WANTED— Girls to learn hairdresstng
manicuring, etc.; trade taught from A to Z
in 2 weeks; $5 to those entering now; 3 po-
sitions to fill immediately; positions guaran-
teed at $10 per week up; leading school In
West. 233 Geary st.. room 13/
A — LADIES to learn all branches hairdressing
trade; manicuring, massage, etc, 123(5 Mar-
ket St., cor. Jones, room 94; positions secused
at highest wages; day and eve. class; call, j
SEWING MACHINE OPERATORS AND RIV-
ETERS: NO EXPERIENCE NECESSARY-
PAID SALARY. LEVI STRAUSS & CO.'S
FACTORIES. 32'J FREMONT ST. AND 1873
¦ MISSION. NEAR FIFTEENTH.
I WANTED — Experienced girls -for wrapping-
good reference required. Apply at I. MAG-
! NIN & CO.'S. 43-53 Ellis st.
WANTED — Young lady to sell shirt waists;
must be experienced. /Apply superintendent's
office. The Emporium.
TAILORS— ROOS BROS., Kearny at Post
WANTED — A reliable girl to do general house-
work. 3417 Jackson st.
WOMAN for permanent position; $12 per week.
Call to-day, 231 Post st, room 6.
CIGARETTE makers wanted: learners taken:
steady work: good wages. The John Bollman
Co., corner Front and Pacific sts.
MIDDLE-AGED woman for resDonnlble posi-
tion; business experience. Box 4-1 C4,~ Call.
GIRL about 14 or 15 to take care of baby. 22U
Larkln st . . •
WANTED — Experienced finishers on coate.
BARON'S. 762 Market st
OPERATORS and finishers on white shirts.
ROGERSON'S, 635 Valencia st. . j
moufzii to '' OA T~*^****''*"f*\__
M^VET^o^n^n^naTeresTT^old. "silver?
diamonds, pearls and P^to» atones bought
i at TV. J. IIESTjHAL. 8. 10 Sixth st
to utarini neopfe without secarlt> : on fur-
T ?l««^nd^ed notes and,
6. T. Discount Agency. 1^« Phelan bldg
YOU can borrow more money on your furnltur.
than any oTher place In city: ~«{™""««"».
612 Parrott bulldlngj_phone South 653.
ON fumlturo. piano; no removal E^ W. LICK.
1003 Mutual Savings Bank bldg.. .08 Marfc.t.
MONEY loaned to salaried employes O- W.
M ILLER. room 74. flfOiJoor^ChronlcIe b.dg.
S% ON furniture & pianos; tSiuS^mS^Th
V TREMAIN. room 81. * Eddy St.. floor 4.
ALL loam, on diamonds and jewelry 2 g*^ cent
mo. S. F. Collateral Loan Bank. S-.3 Kearny.
STAR " • %n Co. of Wyoming loans monir t»
salarW employes. R.311.Mutua^SayJ3kJ>ld.
CASH loaned Salaried people on notes without
Indorser. MORELL. eOO Examiner b.dg.
MUSICAL IXSTRCMEVTS. ?
THIS AD IS OUR GREATEST EXPENSE
We pay no rent, as we own th« building.
The only reason w. advertise Is to let you
know we rent the best plaro In the city for W
per month. Now w» can sell you one Just ..n«
same. Our expenses are so very mucB less
than other firms, why not Investigate our Pr»c««
and compare not-s? Invest 5c carfare and »«v»
from $73 to $130 on a piano. SCOTT-CL RTAj5
PIANO CO.. CeO-«2-64Haye3St
WE do not advise the purchase of cheap piano*.
as they are seldom satisfactory, but ws nav*
pianos at a medium price that can be &**?'
anteed to please the most critical. Our best
sellers are the Behr Bros.. Baumefster and
Schubert. THE ZENO MAUVAIS MUSIC
CO.. 769 Market st.
A FINE lot of second-hand uprights from $30
up. Including such makes as Cnlckertng.
Vose. Kro-'ger, Curtaz. Klrkham, Pease.
Hardaan. Marshall A Wendell. Bans an<i
others. BENJ. CURTAZ A SON. 18 O'Far-
rell st. No branches in San Francisco.
BAND Instruments: F. Besson. Paris, maker;
Gus MaVwald. Agt Pac. Coast 278 O'Fanr»ll;
skillful (repairing: 2d-hand instruments sold,
A STECK & GABLEIt upright nearly new.
chsap; a snap. HORNUNQ, 21B McAllister.
RARE chance; cash or payments: elegant high)
l;rade upright. 18 McAllister st
Uniedeerned storag* pianos and furniture dirt
cheap. Whltehead's Storage. 1636 Market st.
BEAUTIFUL .1-pedal Steinway uprtgnt piano;
perfect order: sacrifice. Keeffe's.2S5 OTarrelL
SOHMKR. Byron Mauzy pianos. Cecillan piano
player. BYRON MAUZY. 308-312 Post st
SUPERIOR vio'.Ina. zithers, old and ne-w. H.
MULLER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place,
OFFICES AXD STORES TO LET.
DESK room for lawyer or business man. 613
Parrott building; phone South 633.
STORE with large basement; below Kearny
st: rent 130. Apply 838 Ciay st. room 1.
PART of our list of bargains in second-han4
pianos for October. 1003:
Original
Price. Now.
1 MAJ-ESTIC —
V.Vlnut case, medium size, 7 1-3
octaves, three pedals, full swinging
music rack, latest design, good con-
dition *330 1225
3 EMERSON'S—
Two in walnut cases end one In
oak. small size, carved panels,
three pedals. 7 1-3 octaves, fine
condition, each 373 22S
1 FISCHER—
Mahogany case, large sire, 7 1-3
octaves, fine condition, thoroughly
renovated, cannot be told from a
new piano 375 223
1 RICHMOND—
Mahogany case, large size. latest
style, three pedals. 7 1-3 octaves,
mandolin attachment, almost new. 300 240
1 C. A. STONE & CO.—
Walnut cas.?. medium size, full
swinging music rack, thoroughly
1 renovat<?'l and equal to new 330 230
1 ESTEY—
Walnut case, medium size, 7 1-3
octa\f3. in good condition 400 230
1 BRL'ENN —
Walnut case, cabinet grand. 7 1-3
octaves, thoroughly renovated and
equal to r.ew 430 2fiO
Complete tM furnished on application at
our store. SHERMAN. CLAY & CO..
Corner Kearny and Sutter sta.
; PERSONALS.
ATTENTION. LADIES—
To see is to believe; go and s?e the exhibi-
tion at the Union Drug Store, cor. O'Farrell
and Stockton sts. : a living model with ths
wrinkles and baggioess removed from on«
side of the face a year agr> by M. ELLA
HARRIS of 781 O'Farrell st.
THE Star Hair Remedy restores gray hair. Im-
proves its growth.stops falling, cures dandruff
and itching scalp; no stain or stlckineu;
cleanses scalp;at druggists', hairdressers'; ac-
cept no substitute. Star RemedyCo.,133S Polk.
THERE ar« other cereal coffees, but If you
want the best ask your grocer for Cof-farln;
absolutely pur?, palatable and nourishing.
THE COF-FARIN CO.. 134 Valencia st.
BRAUN — Professor Martin, graduate masseur
of the Imperial University Hospital. Vienna.
Office 224 Starr King fcldg.. 121 Geary- TeU
Exchange 216.
NOT how cheap but how good is the motto of
the manufacturers of the Rapid Rotary
Standard, the sewing-machine of to-day. J.
W. EVANS, agent. 1021 Market st
PHYSICIAN. 15 years' experience, cures per-
manently morphine, cocaine habit Call or
address Central Pharmacy. 231 Grant a»«.,
corner Sutter st : fee moderate.
"Wrinkles removed: fine complexion guaranteed;
new method: shampooing, hair dried by sun,
50c: dandruff cured 3 days; vibratory treat-
ments. C. Hoff,71O Sutter; tel. Larkin 403ft.
DANCING Tuesday, Thursday. Saturday. Sun-
day evgs.. Teutonia Hall. Howard st. nr.
9th; Prof. Foster; society dancing taught
LIQUOR babtt cured. We guarantee to cur*
the liquor habit in 2 days or no charges.
Acme Liquor Cure Co.. 997 Market r. 202.
DRUNKENNESS, morphine and all drug dis-
eases positively cured by Willow Bark Co..
1S39 PolU St.; consultation free ; call cr writ*.
REMOVAL— Dr. W. C. STRATTON has re-
mored his office from 2255 Mission st ta
rooms 573 and 574. Parrott bldg (Emporium).
AT less than cost uncalled for suits, overcoat*
and trousers at CHARLES LYONS*. London
Tailor. 721 Market st
ELEGANT suits on easy installments: 50 centa
and up per week. LEON LEMO9. 1137
Market st. bet. Seventh and Eighth.
ANDERSON — Elegant theatrical and masquer-
ade costumes rented. 26 O'Farrell st
SUITS to order on installments. $1 per weeX.
Neuhaus & Co.. merch. tailors. 727-729 Market
SUPERFLUOUS hair A moles removed by elec-
tric needle. Dr. A Mrs. Traverse, 11 70 Market.
THE best place to buy good* umbrella* or
have them covered or repaired is 120 Stocktoa
TAILOR-MADE suit (7 50; dress pants $2 30l
Misfit Clothing Parlor, cor. Bush and Dnpont
MASQUERADE costumes, play books, wigs.
country orders. GOLDSTEIN A CO.. 733 Mkt,
ALFREDUM'S Egyptian Henna restores gray
hair to its natural color; $1: at all druggists'.
Superfluous hair and moles removed with elea-
trie needle. Mm. A Miss Eaton. 1119 Satter. •*
PALtXISTRY.
MME. DEVAS— Scientific palmist and astrolo-
gist Palm readings $1. Hours 10 to 12 and
1 to 5. and Tuesday evenings. 133 Pest st.
H. JEROME FOSELLI. scientific palmist. 313
Taylor st. near Geary. Phone Black 361.
rAl'EnHAXGlXG. PATXT1XQ. ETC.
ROOMS papered. $3 30 up: tinting, painting.
Hartman Paint Co.. 319 3d st. : tel. Main 41-i.
PHYSICIAXS AXD SIRGEO.XS.
£lC~c!~C~~O'DONNELL — Office and residence,
1C21H Market st.. bet Cth and 7th; particu-
lar attention raid to diseases of women.
BLOOD skin »nd rectal diseases a specialty.
DR. BALL. 107--{>4 Market st
REMOVED— DR. WONG HIM. herb doctor,
treats »11 diseases of the human body; for
past four rears at 115-117 Mason: now lo-
cated at 6G7 Geary st.. near Leavenwcrth.
DR. TONG PO CHY. successor to Dr. Li Po>
Tal. herb doctor, cures all dlsea.<tes of human
. by use of herbs and teas. 727 Washington *t.
WONG WOO. the^famous herb doctor — An dis-
eases cured by Chinese herb*. 746-8 Clay at.
AXD_ WARKHOUSKS^^
X^EMPOKl U Al Storage & Van Co.; furniture,
household goods stored, moved, shipped. 7-^-
731 Howard St.. near Third: phone Grant lol.
P1KRCE-RQDOLPH Storage & Mo\in5 Co.. of-
flce Post and Powell s;s. : tel. Priv. Ex. 571.
CONKLIN'S Storage^ — Furniture and merchan-
dlsf. xa Golden Gate ave.: phone East l.O.
GOLDEN West Storaze; advances made: 31O
Mission st: tel. Howard OH. F. W. Zehfiua.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Coroi-i
par.y. 2320 FUImore «.: phon* Jackson 2St. >
BEKINS Van and Storage Co.. 11 Montgomery
st: tel. Main I" 10. Shipping at cut rates.
STABLES TO LEtI
BARN to let with It; stalls and wagon room.
74 Dora it, bet. Oth and 10th. off Folsum.
CLAIIIVOYAXTS — ContlnBefl^
MME. LEE. palmistry and clairvoyant: hours
0-5; eveninps ard Sundays by appointment;
readings 50c. 305 Larkln st.. rooms 17 & 13.
MI5S WARP slve» v.smes, dates and facts;
hours 10 to 8. 413 Mason St.; no sign.
MRS GARDNER, clairvoyant, card reader.
f.'55B Minna St.. bet 7th and 8th; hours 9-9>
OLDEST la-Iy palmiJt and card reader in olt>\
26 l 4 Kearny. room 20; ladies 25c gents 50c
MRS SHAFER clairvoyant, card leader; sit-
ting* dally. 44SJ4 Jeggla st. b*t. ftth and 6th.
CARPET RE ATIKG AXD CLEAXIX O.
AIR. compressed, dry. ice cold, is now univer-
sally us^d In ranJtarlly cleaning- carpets, on
floor without removal cr Injury: prices mod-
erate. Apply S. F. COMPRESSED AIR
CLEANING CO.. Call bid.; phone Main 5237.
WHEN you become disgusted with your work
send for SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
i in* Works. 353-357 Tehama et; tel. South 40.
SMITH'S Carpet Cleaning Co.: Al work guar-
anteed. 3c. 1S43 15th st; phone Capp 1551.
WESTERN Carpet Cleaning Works. 1809 Har-
rison et. ; Al cleaning. 3e; tel. Mission 225.
! CALIFORNIA Carpet-beating Co., J. McQueen,
! proprietor, 329 Guerrero st; tel. Mission 49.
I TRY IIOPKE BROS.: excellent carpet-beating:
j mattresses made over. 1432 Howard ;South 216.
| ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter st:
tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM & CO., Props.
i RUDOLPH & CO.. carpet-beating works; prices
I reasonable. 1703 Harrison st ; tel.Mlsslon 203.
CONKLIN'S Superior Carpet-beatinc Works.
333 Golden Gate ave.; telephone East 126.
COLLECTION OFFICES.^^
BAD tenants ejected fcr $4: collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO.. 415 Montgomery, rooma 9-10; tel. 6580.
DEXTISTS.
ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC, S09 Market st,
cor. Fourth, room 7, Flood building; extrac-
tions done painlessly; teeth without plate*
our specialty: gold crowns, $3 50 up; plates,
t* CO up. extraction free; office hours, »
a. m. to 9 p. ra. ; Sundays, 9 to 2.
DR. GRUSS. 504-5-0 Callaghan bldg.. Market
and McAllister sts.'. uses the Basford Obtun-
der. the only device ever Invented for grind-
ing orilllng and excavating teeth absolutely
without pair. For demonstration and proof
call et office^
DR. LI'DLUM HILL. 1443 Market. nr.EIeventh
; .\o charge for extracting when plates are
made; old plates made over like new; teeth
from $S per set; extracting. 50c; gas given.
A NEW plate— The Whalebone — cannot break;
warranted 20 yrs.; crown. $3 50; fillings. 50c;
plates, $5: full set;all work painless and war-
ranted. Chicago Dental Parlors, 24 Slxth^st.
PARIS Dental Parlors, 233 Kearny, cor. Bush —
Set teeth $1 50 up: crowns $2 up; fillings 25c
' GOLD fillings, 75c: silver. 35c; crowns. $2: no
parn; open Sunday. Dr. O.B.Hewitt.204 Sutter.
DRESSMAKERS AXD S E A M STHE S S K 9
i McDOWELL Dressmaking and Millinery School
— Any pattern cut to measure. 1019 Market.
ACCORDION, sunburst & knife plaiting. Stew-
art •sbutton&buttonholefactory^UOTaylor.
EDtCATIOXAJL.
! THE San Francisco Young Men's Christian As-
sociation conducts a night school for men, an
I engineering school, an evening law school, a
: working boys' night school and a day business
! ar.d academic school. Students have gymnas-
ium and other privileges. Apply at Y. M. C.
A. building. Mason and Ellis sts. -
BEAUTS BUSINESS COLLEGE, 24 POST, S.
F. — Bookkeeping, shorthand, touch typing,
languages, telegraphy, English branches; day
and night sessions; illustrated catalogue free.
HIXMAN'S Academy; a thorough school cf
dancir.g; established 20 years. 1412 Polk st.
between Pine and California; both adult and
children's classes are now open for the season.
AYRES. the leading business college, 723 Mar-
ket Ft. ; special summer course in all depart-
ments: handsome ctua'cgue free; life scholar-
ship. $50; day and evening sessions.
CALIFORNIA Business College. 305 Larkln st.
"A thorough EChool"; positions secured for
graduates; modern methods; individual in-
struction. Write for Illustrated catalogue.
J THE Lyceum, an accredited preparatory eehool
for the university, law and medical colleges;
! rtf.. President Jordan or any Stanford profes-
! sor; day and evening sessions. Phelan bldg.
i A— BAN FRANCISCO Business College. 123fi
j Market st. — Practical, progressive, reliable;
j Ai.y and evening sessions; write for catalogue.
j DANCING Tuesday. Thursday. Saturday. Sun-
• day evgs., Teutonia Hall, Howard St., nr.
I »th. Prof. Foster; society dancing taught.
j A GENTLEMAN teaches privately young men
i and women whose education has been neg-
lected: also foreigners. Call or add. 719 Post.
HEALD'S School of Mines &. Electricity, 24 Post
St., S. F. ; a practical school of engineering;
complete equipment Special catalogue free.
ENGINEERING — Civil, elec. mln., mechT sur-
vey, assay, cyanide; day. eve.; est. 18«i4. Van
der Naillen School, 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
KENT Law School: always open; dav and
night. 53G Parrott building (Emporium).
G. MANSFIELD, teacher of violin, . guitar,
mandolin, banjo. 4^u O'Farrell Bt.
gPANISH.French.etc. Prff-DeFiIippe'sAcademy
of Liu:guages,"'J0 Post: estab'd lS71;ablesi profs.
i GOLDEN Gate Com'l College, 530 Goldtn G^Ite
ave. ; full business cour&r; day and evening.
) SCHOOL OF ILLUSTRATION Day ar.d
PARTINGTON'S. 424 Pine Et Night class.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing.
etc.; day or eve.; *5 mo. 1024 Mlsslon.nr. 6th.
EMPLOYMEXT OFFICES.
GEORGE AOKI, 421 Post strTeTrrfush~135^-
Japanese-Chinese employment office; fur-
; nishes best help; contracts for farm help. etc.
A — ORPHEUM Employment Office— Japanese-
Chinese help. 42« Powell. Tel. Main 5752.
A — GRAND Japanese-Chinese Emp. Office. 415
Stockton; tel. Grant 108: expert, reliable help.
IF you want Japanese help, advertit-e in The
New World, Japanese daily paper, 353 Geary.
CHINESE Employment ¦ Office — Be*t help at
Leon Seung's, 411 \' 2 O'Farrell; tel. East 42(i
• RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of-
; floe; all kinds help. 315 Stockton; Main 51S.S.
| CHINESE and Japanese help; estab. 20 years.
Tel. Main 1997. BRADLEY & CQ-. 640 Clay.
EMPLOYMEXT WAXTED— FEMALE.
WOMAN wants work by the day; understands
general housework and laundry; good refer-
ences. Box 746, Call office.
i ENGLISH young lady desires engagement as
nurse, or will do upstairs work; no washing
or scrubbing. Box 3498. Call office.
POSITION as traveling companion or chaperon
by middle-aged lady. Address A. C. D., Oak-
land. CaL
TO photographers — Position by a lady capable
of taking entire charge of a studio. Address
W. XV. P.. Oakland. Cal.
WANTED — Position as cashier or any position
of trust by lady who can furnish security
and references; no canvassing. G. L box
742. Call office. "
GIRL wants a place where she can learn
housework. 8 Olive court, off Union st , be-
tween Laguna and Buchanan.
COMPETENT laundress wishes 1. 2 or 3 days'
work; can do laces; perfect satisfaction ; $2
a day. 1671 McAllister Et
HONEST Japanese lady wanta situation to do
-general housework in family. Address MUS
N. ITOW. 514 Pine st. city.
AN experienced lady cashier wishes a posi-
tion in large store; can furnish first-class
references. Address box 733, Call.
WANT ads and subscriptions taken for The
Cull at Eaton'* Bazaar. 633 McAllister st
EMPLOYJIEXT WAXTED — 31 ALE.
BOY (18> desires position in doctor's office
neat and polite; good references; moderate
wages and good home wanted. ' Box 747,
Call office.
WANTED — Work by roof and house painter;
Al stage work done by day or* Job; very
1 reasonable; non-union man. 1 Box 2030. Call.
, PAINTER, paperhanger and plasterer wants
work. WILLIAM HAPP, 434 Fulton st, near
Octavla.
I WANTED — A position as fireman in factory or
; shop; good references for i>ast 0 years. F.
, _MONTOYA. 303 Vi Davis, st.
! A TOUNG man wants to learn .the automobile
'¦ business; paid while learning. Box 2634, Call.
¦ GOOD barkeeper wants Job; refs. W. A. rT.
1C04 Van Ness ave.
I PAINTER wants work by the day or contract;
; has all tools. 71,'iK Minna st
• YOUNG man (facial mas. and scalp treatment
special), some knowledge of shaving will
; learn barber trade. Box 740. Call office. •
' POSITION wanted by man and wife; Germans;
man good horseman and handy; wife flrst-
¦ class cook; city or country. MS Stockton at
; BUTLER— First-class butler and valet (Eng-
IlEh). with best city references, wants place
; Box 74S. Call office.
POSITION of trust wanted by married man .of
; gooa address and appearance; referencea:
bond. Box 4156, Call.
If you'd rise In the world, there's a way that Is clear
You may test for a nickel— that's surely not dear.
Buy a Call any day; you are sure to see there
Lots of chances to work at a wage that is fair.
Then, by. saving your pay, as It comes day by day,
You will rise In the world in a practical way.Continued From Page Thirteen.
COMMERCIAL NEWS
street. 150 S of Russia. S 150 by W 100, lot
7. block 26. Bxcelslor Homestead; $10.
Abraham and Charles Rosenstein to S Du
cas Company (a corporation), lot on NB line
of San Bruno avenue, 122:3 NW of Salinas
avenue. NW 30:8%. E 45. S 25. W ISO block
6. Garden Tract; $10.
Ellis and Kmeline M. Powell to Julia Com
batalad. lot on N line of Bosworth street, 251:2
W of Rousseau. W 24. NE 102. NE 25:2^. S
105, lot 7 of map portions lots 31 and 32.
Islale and Salinas; $10.
Julia Combatalad to Paul Schmltz same;
$10.
Paul Schmltz and Max and Marie Blngham
mer to same; $10.
S. Ducas Company (a corporation) to George
Ryan, lot on SE line of Peralta avenue 87:4^
SW of Butler street, SW 87:4H. S 95:9% SB
67:6. N 75:0%. E 25. N 04:1%. lots 3 to 6 and
8. block 2, George Ryan subdivision Fran
conia Precita Valley lot 50; $10.
Same to same, lots 1377 and 1378, rift map
3; $10. '_,
Builders' Contracts.
Matilda Handman (owner) with Joseph A.
Bush (contractor), architect William Lowe —
All work for a two-story and basement frame
buildlntr on N line of Filbert street, 100 W of
Steiner. N 137:6 by W 25; $2750.
Jataes Marlnl (owner) with Demartlni Bros.
(contractors), architect — All work except
mantels, _as fixtures ant} shades for a two
story and basement frame building 1 commencing
130 from SE corner of Bryant and Twenty
third streets, S 26 by E 100; S370O.
, George F. Sand (owner) with H. H. Larsen
& Bros, (contractors), architect C. A. Meuss
dorffer — Excavation and brick work for a one
story base^nent and attic frame building: on
NW corner of Golden Gate avenue and Lyon
street. N 100 by W 32:8: S1190.
Same owner with Charles J. U. Koenlg (con
tractor), architect same — All work except ex
cavation, brick and marble. work, pa intlnr, gas
fixtures, mantels, shades and electrical work
for same on same: $4076.
Same owner with I. Toolnl (contractor),
architect same — Graining: and lynwood for same
on same: $440.
Mary C. Fallon (owner) with Button & Co.
(contractors), architects Shea & Ehea — Steam
heating plant for a four-story frame building
on NE coiner of Leavenworth and Ellis streets,
137:6 on Leavenworth and 137:6 on Ellis; $4000.
Our total trade with Alaska for ths fis
cal year was: Imports, $10,228,000; ex
ports, 59,497,000.
FRIDAY, OCTOBER 23.
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Mercantile Trust Company (a corporation) to
Samuel Blssinger, lot on 9 line of Sutter street,
125 W of Larkln, W 40 by S 120; $10.
City and County of San Francisco to Jane
1 Besby, lot on S line of Grove street, 187:6 W
of Franklin. W 55 by 8 120; % -.
' Same to Hugh and Margaret Magorty, lot on
8 line of Oak street, 112:6 E of Buchanan, S 25
by S 120; $ .
Same, to J. W. Smith, lot on S line of Fell
street, 189:0 E. of Webster, E 80:6 by S 120;
Isaac and Rosa Freeman to William -P. and
Annie L. Carroll, lot on 8 line of Waller street,
110:3 E of Devisadero, E 30 by S 110; $10.
George Carnegie to Mary W. Shaw, lot on
K line of First avenue, 78:4U S of Clay, 8 25
by E 101:2; $10.
Jane Pierce, William H. S., Frederick E.
and Mary E. Cosble and G. Blackburn to Thomas
P. 8. Brown, lot on E line of Mission street, 95
8 of Eighteenth. S 30 by E 122:6; $10.
Alice L. Cummins to James F. CHanlon, lot
on S line of Twenty-second street, 200 E of
Guerrero, E 25 byB 114; $10.
John J. Hayden and Alfred Herman (execu
tors estate of Robert K. Pattrldge) to Isaac
Lessroan, lot on N line of John street, 35 E of
Mason. E 20:3 by N 49:6; $2800.
John J.T and Audrey C. Hayden to same,
same; $5.
Isaac Lessman to Edward Buechel, same; $10.
Louis £1. Hitter to Conrad Hotz, rerecord 43
D. 800 of lot on N line of Post street, 100 W of
Taylor, W 40 bx N 60; $1200.'
Estate of Bernhard Clnssan (alias by
Charles A. Ramm and A. Comte Jr., execu
tors) to Louisa Page, lot on N line of Post
street, 100 W of Taylor, W 40 to Agate alley
by N CO and all Interest in Agate alley; $37,500.
Joseph and Annie Pieperllng to Francis Del
mont, lot on N line of Union street, 47:91-3
E of Leavenworth. E 0:2% by N 112:6; $1.
Francis and Therese Delmont to John Farn
ham, lot on N line of Union street. 47:9% E of
Leavenworth. E 25:2%, N 137:6, W 3, S 25, W
22:2%, S 112:6; S10.
• Anna- L.° and R. G. Clark to J. A. Dowllng,
lot on S line of Twenty-fourth avenue, 100 W
of Vermont, W 25 by 8 100; $10.
Ellen A." and George- 8. .Fife to _ B. Hal
lett and W. 6. Gee, lot on B line of Sixth
avenue 275 8 of Lake street, S 100 by E 120;
$10. - .
Johanna and Rudolph Sproetor to McEwen
Bros, (a corporation)/ lot on E line of Tenth
avenue, 135 8 of California street. S 25 by
B 120; $10.
Frank E. Hills to Carri* L. Beatty (wif« of
John W.),lot on AV- line of Nineteenth • ave
nue. 200 N of Clement street, N 25 by W 120:
gift. \
" Bertha F. Smith to Paul and Rose Arata,
loti on -W line of Flrtt avenue. 325 N of
Clement street. N 25 by "W 120; $10. .
Union Trust Company (a corporation) to
Badie I. Cleve. lot on W lino of Tenth ave
nue, .125 N of O street. N 75 by W. 120; $10.
Leonard R. Cleve to same. . same; gift.
Edward Marchand to Evelyn • E. Marchand.
lot on NE corner of Forty-third avenue and Q
street, N 600 by. E 240, quitclaim deed; $1.
Estate of Aaron Hlrschfelder (by Henrietta
Hirschf elder, administrator) to Daniel Block,
lot on- N corner of Seventh avenue and D
street. NW' 75 by NB 100. block 114, South
San Francisco Homestead; also lot oa SW line
of Eighth avenue. 225 SB of C street, SB. 75
by , SW .100, block . 165, same; also tot on B
corner of . Seventeenth - avenue and H street,
SE ,75 * by NE * 100; also property outsldo of
county; $19,150.- ' • ' ~
: Samuel W. : Levy and Daniel Block, Hlrach
felder. Levy & Co. to Virginia C. VVan Auken
(wife of 5 L.), , lot 16. / block 114, South San
Francisco Homestead and Railroad Associa
tion; $10. ?. ••' .•-.-¦¦•; •: , 7 ; ;
¦ Odd .Fellows'. Cemetery Association to Maria
Ghlsla. lot In cemetery; $235. ,. ¦ -.
Francis . W. and Arabella . M. Kelly to WU
11am'A. Sangater, lot'on.'.W. line of Madrid
:<V" TONOPAH MINES.
Bid.Ask.i Bld.Ask.
Colehan — 18 Pine Grove .. — 75
Esperan2a ... 01 02 Rescue 05 10
Gold Mount.. — 05 Belmont ..... 95 100
Hannapah ... — 20 Ton & Cal ... — 24
Lucky Tom . . — 08 Qreat West. . — 05
MacNamara .. — 15 North Star ..35 38
Mizpah Ext.. — 3<l Midway 86 42
Montana 90 94 Ton & Salt L. 10 —
Paymaster ... 05 10 United Ton . . — 14
FRIDAY, Oct. 23 — 4 p. - m.
Bid. Ask. 1 Bld.Ask.
Alpha 07 -08Tulla 00 OH
Alta 0» 057ustlce 04 05
Andes 21 —'Kentuck 01 Oa
lielcher , 14 lSjKeyes Graes..l 75 1 80
Best & Belch. 1 35 1 45 Mexican 97 * 99
Bullion 10 It Occidental ... 23 25
Caledonia.... 93 BSlOphir 1 40 1 6<l
Challenge Con 28 29 .Overman .... 23 25
Chollar 21 2_Potosi ... v .. 20 21
Confidence .. 65 65]Savage 23 25
Con Cal & V.I 20 1 25 Scorpion 01 03
Don Imperial. 03 04 Beg Belcher.. 05 07
Con NY.... 09 10 Sierra Nev... 46 46
Crown Point. 16 17 Silver Hill ..59 60
Eureka Con.. — 60 St Loute .... 11 —
Exchequer ... 17 18 Syndicate ... 04 05
Gould &¦ Cur. 17 19 Union Con ..57 63
Hale & Nor. 63 60 Utah 10 20
Lady Wash.. 03 0* Yellow Jack. . 40 41
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
.TONOPAH MINING EXCHANGE.
Following were the sales on the San Fran
cisco and Tonopah 1 Mining Exchange yesterday:
Morning Session.
6000 Eaperanza ... 02 1 250 Mont Ton . . SO
100 Mont Ton .. 91) 1000 Ton Midway. 87
Afternoon Session.
6000 Bsperanza ... 02| 100 Pine Grove .. 75
200 MacNamara . 15 200 Ton Belmont.l ftO
100 Mont Ton .. 001 100 Ton Midway. S3
PACIFIC STOCK EXCHANGE.
Following were the sale* on the Pacific
Stock Exchange yesterday:.
Morning Session.
300 Andes ....... 22. 200 Overman .... 22
600 Caledonia .... 82 200 Sliver Hill .. 68
100 Con C & V.I 22%l 200 Union Con.... 66
300 Con NT.... 09 100 Yellow Jacket 40
400 Gould & Cur. 17.1
Afternoon Session.
800 Bullion 11 200 Mexican ..... OS
200 Chollar ...'... 22 300 Potosl 21
100 Con C & V.I 22% 200 Sierra Nev .. 47
800 Gould & Cur. 17 200 Sierra Nev .. 46
200 Hale & Norcs. 69 200 Union Con .. 67
450 Bullion • 10 [ 200 Utah 20
200 Gould & Cur. 18 1
FLOW OF BIVERS.
I :, c — ; .
Tht following tablet rive a comparative
statement for two years of the estimated flow
of certain California. rivers in cublo feet per
second, or second feet. - one second foot equal.
Ins; 50 California miner's inches, or about 40
Colorado miner's Inches. The figures 'tor tb«
last year may be revised by later measure,
tnentjj. The figures /are . by J. B. Llpplncott,
hydrosrapher. United States Geological Survey:
TULE RIVER NEAR PORTERVILLE.
DAT* -¦¦ Bt0 °^I^_
. ¦• 1902. 1903.
October 11. 19 ~~~~18
October 12. 20 -17 ,
October 13..: 2Of n
October 14. ............... . 20 is
October IB.... 20 is'
October 16..... . 10 18
October 17 10 18 .
TUOLUMN* . RIVER AT LA GRANGE.
DATK^ ._8 ! cond_K !! t L _
1902. l»03.
October 11.. ..:.:.. ....;.. 25 35 '
October 12.;.............. '25 — 35
October ia.. ........ ¦25 85
October 14....... 35 35
October 15..... 35 35 .
October 16... 85 25'
October 17. ......... . . >. . . . : 25 r 25 ,;
KINGS RIVER AT RED MOUNTAIN. -
Second Feet.
DATE. ¦ • 1
-' 1903.- 1903.
October 11... ' 215 285t
October 12. I.............. 215 . 285
October 13. ............... • 215 250
October 14. ............... 215 ' 250 • .
October 15.......;.....-.. • 250 . 250
October 16...; ............ 215 -250
October 17..... .>,.... 215 • ¦ : 250 -
SACRAMENTO RIVER; AT IRON; CANTON.
______________
• ¦ DATE. — -
• : i/; :.jlW2.\- 1903.'
October 11. ..... 5000 7570,.
October 12.V...; .-...*. 6000 5220 '
October I3...\:..:r..;,.:. " 5000 6220
October 14;..'..'.;'.; ....... '• 6000 * 6220
October IB."; r. . . .......... • ; J, 6000 ¦¦ ¦ " 6220 >-.
October.lfl -5000' , 5220 \
October 17..;;..'.V..;;..7. -6000^ 6220
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, OCTOBER 24, t 1903.
15
The Weird Elephant Spirit.
/> O"f HUNDRED yards distant rusty masses of ironstone preceded
f I an undulation in the flat country, and toward the base of one
\ \\ " tall block Lord Winstone descried an object which mage him
. JL rub his eyes ; with frank amazement.
"Near the foot of the rock, his back against it, and shadowed entirely
from the sun's litfht by a natural grotto' fn the stone, sat an enormous
man or ape. Its stature was colossal, thpugh smaller by far than
the natives of Mapora had described; its naked body was bright RTeen;
its hands were folded over its breast; its misshaped head was bent for*
ward, and wild, snaky hair, also of vivid green, fell luxuriantly around tt. v
-while pressed upon its crown was a wreath of flowers.
"In the midst of this strange kingdom, silent, motionless and alone,
with uncouth face and distorted limbs, reigned this huge green monster
.in mortal shape. '¦-¦¦- f
"Lord Winstone got out his field glasses, without which he never
hunted, and trained them on the grotto.-. He stared awhile, and then his
breath left his lungs in a gasp of surprise, as he returned the glasses to
their case and pushed, forward."
Without doubt thd reader will gasp with equal amazement and no less
curiosity, that such strange things can exist even in the Africa of to-day.
but Eden Philpotts knows absolutely whereof he speaks when he made
the great Elephant Spirit of the Dark Continent one of the bie features
of his new novel, "The Golden Fetich," now pinning in the Sunday Call,
thesecond installment of which will be published next Sunday. -it. gives,
you Africa as it really is now and as it has not been shown since the
wonderful explorations of the great Stanley.
But unbelievable as the foregoing extract may seem, stranger things
are being found right here at home. Look in the next Sunday Call, for
"Fitch's Mine of Mystery." It tells of\the discovery under the very
feet of civilization in California, only a few months ago, of a mine of
¦. fire that has utterly baffled the best scientists in the world. Chunks of
this wonderful mineral that has a flame which cannot be destroyed have
been taken from Fitch's mine, ground into powder, assayed by every
known process, tested bv every possible standard, and still it remains a
mystery — and still it glows on with undiminished brightness. It cannot
be destroyed and it cannot be extinguished. Wonderful as is the newly
discovered radium, of which there is less than one pound in the whole
world and which costs a fabulous sum for a single ounce. Fitch's new
mineral is even more astounding and by far more puzzling. lAnd to'
think that the earth in California is just full of it, but — read next Sun-
day's Call.
There you will find other absorbing things. "A Daughter of the
Aurora," by Jack London; the big two-page railroad story by Frank
H. Spearman. "The Dispatcher's Story"; a full page of "Half-Hour
Storiettes"; "The Unsolved Mystery of the Tinian Monoliths." by Cap-
tain H. F. Tower, which is something that Uncle Sam has recently ac-
quired along with a whole sea of queer islands; "Emigration the Negro's
Only Salvation," by Bishop H. M. Turner; a full page of "Gems from the
Photographer's Exhibit." to be held next week at the Mechanics' Pavil-
ion. (You'll watch for tfiose pictures.) "The Picture Coat." which is
something's© new that nowoman who cares a pin how she looks (and
*Svhat "woman doesn't?) will even dream of missing the next Sunday Call.
: OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
; OFFICE, 1118 BROADWAY.
j
s I OAKLAyP REAL ESTATE.
TO-DAY. 1:30 P. M.
i TO-DAY. 1:30 P. M.
l TO-DAY. 1:30' P. M.
3 TO-D.VY. 1:30 P. M.
TO-DAT. 1:30 P. M.
» OX THE PREMISES,
e ON THE PREMISES.
ON THE PREMISES. .V ' t -
THE HEICHLING HOUSES.
f At
f Xorthwept corner Linden and Eighth sts.. Oak-
land's pretUf-st residence section.
8 Beautiful Homes
In
3 8 Larire Single Subdivisions.
With 9 10 II and 12 rooms and bath; origi-
nal coet $50C0 to $11,500 each to construct.
: LAUGE SUNNY LOTS,
i Large sunny lots with 49 ft.. 50 ft.. 69 ft.
and 7i> ft. frontage by a depth of 100 to 165
8 ft. (Note Biie — nd depth.)
Beautifully terraced, above grade- of street,
1 with the most artistic stone coping uniformly
arranged around the "entire frontage, with
' r*lnis and full-grown shrubberies throughout
'• each garden. For years this half block of reel-
• dence homes bas been the pride of the city and
the personal care of the owner, as one of the
• I finest kept properties In Oakland or San Fran-
e | Cisco.
! RENTALS AS AN INVESTMENT.
3 I As an Investment property has retained
1 i fteady tenants. Borne of them have occupied
came almost fince their construction.
• Present rentals are $30. $45 and $C5 each.
A HOME LOCATION
1 Fronting on the only bitumlnlzed residence
- I street in Oakland; opposite and adjoining line
j block of modern residences worth from $S500 to
" I $25,000; in the same block are the Havens' and
. J George W. McNear's beautiful homes; 3 blocks
: i of Market or Adeline station ; short walk to
' I Broadway business center: walking distance to
! high school and finest primary, grammar and
, private schools in the city, without necessitat-
; ing children to cross street car lines,
j ' One of the choicest, cloee in, convenient,
. ! strictly home neighborhoods in Oakland.
', AN OPPORTUNITY SELDOM OFFERED.
THE PROPERTY MUST BE SOLD.
, EETERAL INTERESTS MUST BE CLOSED.
5 OWNERS ANXIOUS TO SELL.
MINOR'S INTEREST.
t SUBJECT TO CONFIRMATION OB* COURT.
I NOTE THE TERMS.
One-third tash, balance on mortgage In one
and two rears.
To see premises, get permit at office.
Sale Saturday. October 24. 1903.
1:30 p. m., on the grounds.
Write or call for catalogue showing photo-
graph of premises and giving full particulars.
LAYMANCB REAL ESTATES COMPANY,
Auctioneers,
<60 and 4C2 Eighth st., Oakland. Cal.
AT AUCTION'.
AT AUCTION. '
WEST st.. 840; seven apartments; Income $79
per month; modern improvements; windmill
and tank; (7000. Inquire 007 Grove st..
Oakland. i
Modern bouse. 9 rms.; stable; Mason & Hamlii
organ. Before 12 m.. 422 Orange St.. Oakland.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
ANTLERS. 415 Turk e^5trtc7ly^nTodet_rTi
room apartments; fur, or unfur. for hskpg.
MCALLISTER. 53S— Nicely furnished, sunny
suite; sink, gas range, hot bath, laundry;
adults; $10.
MCALLISTER. 1951 — Rooms furnished light
housekeeping; sunny; gas, bath; close - to
panhandle.
MINNA, 573 — Large front room, sunny yard,
and kitchen complete for housekeeping.
MISSION. — Furnished rooms for house-
keeping. . "
MODEL HOUSE. 1206 Stockton St.— Newly
furnished rooms. $5-$12; bath, gas, phone.
TWENTYrSECOND. S218. cor. Mission— House-
keeplng rooms an(*. tingle rooms.
Ilonaelcpsr Hoomn — Apn.rtiu't Houses.
THE Frederick. 901 Stanyan, opp. Park — Furn.
apartments: prl. bath; eteam heater: Janitor.
ROOMS TO LET — Fern, and Unfnrn.
A— BRUNSWICK House, 143 Sixth — Room*
25c to $1 per night. $1 25 to $5 per week and
light housekeeping rooms; open all night.
AT "The Almonte." 873 Market st. (or No. 1
Fifth st.) — Rooms, 25c. 60c, $1. $1 60 night;
fl ro to $10 week; house open all night.
BURNETT. 1426 Market (old No. 1394)— Fur-
ntshed rooms, suite, single; also unfurnished.
CLIFFORD, 204 Ellis, cor. Mason — Elegantly
furnished funny rooms; prices reasonable.
FOLSOM. S34 — Small sunny front room with
closet and bath; $1 25 per week. •
GRAND Southern. 7th and Mission — Rooms 50c
to $1 60 night; $1 to $3 week; reading-room.
JESSIE. 363. east U. S. Mint — Furnished rooms,
$5 and $0 per month.
LAGUNA and McAllister. St. James flat — Sun-
ny single room.
ROYAL Route, 126 Ellis — Incandescent lights,
reading-room, smoking-room and ladles' par-
Icr; rooms per night. 35c to $1 50; week, 52
to $S; month. $S to $30; elevator on ground
floor; rooms with hot and cold water; baths.
THE GILLESPIE, 119 Ninth— Furnished rms.,
$1 60 to $2 60 week: transient 50c-75c night.
UNITED STATES. 123 Eddy st.. near Market—
400 tingle and family rooms; 35c to $1 night;
$1 75 to $6 week: elevator: electric lights;
reading-room; free bus and baggage.
VALENCIA, 1120 — New, sunny furnished rooms
with light housekeeping privileges.
VAN NESS, 619 — Handsome sunny furnished
suites and flngle rooms, all conveniences.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 3d et.. near Market-
Most convenient and respectable; 700 rooms;
35c to $1 50 night; $2 to $8 week; elevator;
el<?c. light?; reading-room; free bus; baggage.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore.
ROOMS AXD BOARD. ,
THE Hotel MartinetteT'con Van^Ness^^and
Geary st., bas changed hands and will be
conducted hereafter as a first-class family
hotel.
STEVENSON Mansion. 807 California st.— At-
tractlve and sightly rooms; best table and
service; lowest rates.
VAN NESS ave.. 1714 — Private boardlng-hou&e.
homelike: everything first cla*s; sunny
suites: single rooms; choice locality; ref.
PINE. 2040 — Very desirable sunny room with
board; private family; phone Baker 3571.
SEAVINGatACHIXES AXD SUPPLIES
NEW HOME sewing machine; this week only;
$10. $15. $20; EllghUy used; needles 20c doz.
NEW HOME S. M. CO.. 1051 Market st.
TYPEWRITERS AKD SUPPLIES.
GREAT BARGAINS IN TYPEWRITERS^We
cell better machines for less money than any
house in the city; rentals $3. The Typewriter
Exchange. 636 California; telephone Main 266.
A FEW good typewriters at $#0 each; get par-
ticulars. L. & M. ALEXANDER. 110 Mont-
gomery st.
2D-HAND typewriters sold, rented, repaired.
Webster Typewriter Innrec Co.. 508 Market
LEGAL AD VERTIhEMESTS.
IN the Superior Court of the City and County
of 6an Francisco, fctate of California— Pro-
bate. No. 28390. (Indorsed) Filed Oct. IS
1003. Albert B. Mahony. Cleric, by E S
Hawley, Deputy Clerk. In the matter of
the eetate of PATRICK DUGAN. deceased
Notice for publication of time appointed for
probate of will. C. C. P.. Sec. 1303. Notice
la hereby given that TUESDAY, the 27th day
of October. A. D. 1903, at 10 o'clock a. m. of
that day, and the courtroom of Department
No. 9 of said 'court, at the City Hall, In the
city and county of San Francisco, State of
California, have been appointed as the time
and place for provlqg the will of raid PAT-
JUCK DUOAN, deceased, and for hearing
the application of NELLIE A.' LASSELL
for the issuance to her of letters of adminis-
tration with the will annexed thereon. [Seal. I
ALBERT B. MAHONY. Clerk. By E. 8
HAWLEY. Deputy Clerk. Dated October 13,
A D. 1903. A. D. KEYES. Attorney for
Petitioner. ,
TO Whom It May Concern — William Kraps has
this day eol<], transferred and delivered all
his right, title and interest in and to the
hotel business up to : the present time con-
ducted by him at 21S Turk St., city and coun-
ty of Fan Francisco, State of California, un-
d<r the name "Hotel Meredith," to Mary C.
Kraps. his wife, the came to be henceforth
tl.e separate property of said Mary C. Kraps,
who alcne will henceforth be responsible for
all debts incurred in said business. Dated at
Ran Francisco this 27th day of January. 1903.
WILLIAM KRAPS, MARY C. KRAPS.
/ Witnets: CHARLES S. BURNELL.
PROPOSALS.
PROPOSALS for Subsistence Supplies— Office
Purchasing Commissary, San Francisco, CaL;
'October VS. 1903 — Sealed proposals for fur-
nishing and delivering of such quantities of
subsistence supplies, delivered at such wharf
or wharves or such warehouses In San Fran-
cisco, Cal., as per circular to be seen at this
office, will be received here until 11 o'clock
a. m., Saturday, October 24, 1903, and opened
immediately thereafter, in presence of bid-
ders. Specifications, general instructions to
I bidders, and blank forms of proposals will.be
furnished to established' dealers on 'applica-
tion t_ C. R, KRAUTHOFF. Major Com'y. '
ADVESTISEMENTS. &fl{
TJNITE3) STATES BRANCH.
STATEMENT
——OF* THE ¦¦ ¦ ¦
.CONDITION AND. AFFAIBS
OF THE
Helvetia Swiss
FIRE INSURANCE COMPANY
Or ST. GALL.' IN THE REPtTBLIC OP
Switzerland, on the 31st day of December.
A. D. 1903. and for the year ending on that
day. as made to the Insurance Commissioner
of the State of California.. pursuant to th«
provisions of sections 610 and 611 of the Po-
litical Code, condensed as per blank furnished
by the Commissioner:
ASSETS.
Cash Market Value of all Stocks
and Bonds owned by Company $S2ft.433 73
Cash in Company's Office 2.131 07
Cash In Banks * 2.320 63
Interest due and accrued on all
Stocks and Loans 4,750 00
premium- in due Course, of Collec-
tion ; 5.146 13
Commissions on Return Premium-'
and Reinsurance sea 18
Total Assets ..(341.6SO 79
LIABILITIES.
Losses adjusted and unpaid.'. $2,663 4§
Loaiea In process of Adjustment or
In Suspense « 1,770 B0
Loaves resisted. Including expenses.. 3,623 00
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning one year or less $62,193 55; i
reinsurance 50 per cent 31,069 27
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning more than one year. $30,-
106 43; reinsurance pro rata 15,132 02
Commissions and Brokerage du* and
to become due 1.54.1 7S
All other liabilities 2.897 21
Total "Liabilities $38.731 74
INCOME. — —
Net cash actually received for Fire
premltu—a $70,220 70
Received for interest and dividends
. on Bonds. Stocks. Loans and from
' from all other sources 20.717 32
Received from all other sources 23,009 12
Total Incom* .$119,046 14
EXPENDITURES.
Net amount paid for Ktre Losses
(including $27,191 35. losses of pre-
vious years) $51.5S9 45
Paid or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage .31.904 61
Paid for Salaries, Fees and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc.. 2,730 00
Paid for State. National and Local
taxes 6,131 CO
All other payments and expenditures 45.8S3 87
Total Expenditures $138.261 C3
Risks and Premiums. IFire Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of Risks
written during the
. year $7,615,263 $98.405 4?
Net amount of Risks
expired during the
year ••- 34.S16.344 440.667 34
Net amount in force
December 31. 1902. 7.032.042 92,304 »>
SAUL R. WEED (of Weed ft Kennedy).
. Manager. ,
Subscribed and sworn to before me- this 20th
day of January. 1903. T. FISHBECK.
Notary Public
SYI & CO., General Agents,
308 CALIFORNIA STREET.
STATEMENT
OF THE ;
CONDITION AND AFFAIBS
OF THZ -
Rhine and Moselle
FIRE INSURANCE COMPANY
OF BTRA8SBURO. GERMANT. OS THB
31st day of December. A. D. 1902, and for
the year ending on that day. as made to the
Insurance Commlaaioner of the State of Cali-
fornia, pursuant to the provisions of sections
610 and 611 of the Political Code, condensed
as per blank furnished by the Commissioner:
; CAPITAL. .
Amonnt of Capital Stock, paid up
in Cash $ 600.00000
- f<, ASSETS.
Real Estate owned by Company $ 237.500 00
Loans on Bonds and Mortgages.... 241.300 Ou
Cash Market Value of all Stocks
and Bonds owned by Company... 689.125 23
Cash In Company's Office .'. ft.843 48
Cash in Banks 149.182 03
Interest due and accrued on All
Stocks and Loans 11,623 09
Interest due and accrued on Bonds
and Mortgages. v 1.459 89
Premiums In due Course of Collec-
tion ,..., 44,27998
Due frcm other Companies for Re-
insurance on losses already paid. 82.329 63
Total Assets .jl.51_,649 33
i-ABUJTTES. ~
Losses adjusted and unpaid $ 19.830 77
Losres In process of Adjustment or
In Suspense 19, 683 87
Losses resisted. Including expenses. 252 50
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
nine one year or less. $555,379 82;
reinsurance 50 per cent 277,689 91
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning more than one year. $56,-
255 23 ; reinsurance pro rata 29,713 91
Cash dividends remaining unpaid.. 830 00
All other demands against the com-
pany 73.205 33
Total Liabilities $ 431,20« 23
— j —
INCOME.
Net cash actually received for Fire
premiums ...S 423,383 53
Received for Interest on Bonds and
Mortgages 9,62939
Received for Interest and. dividends
on Bonds. Stocks, Ixmna. and
from all other sources 80,279 03
Received for Rents 13,018 19
Received for profit on sal* of Bonds 4.920 10
Received from all other sources. ... 18.164 79
Total Income.. .j 490.368 M
EXPENDITURES.
Net amount paid for Fire Losses
(including $53,683 62. losses of
previous year.... $ 200.402 04
Dividends to Stockholders '70.000 00
Paid or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage 79,643 73
Paid for salaries. Fees, and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc... 44.337 40
Paid for State, National, and Local
taxes 13.71379
All other payments and expendi-
tures .1.03173
: Total Expenditures $ 411.203 63
, Fire.
Losses incurred during the year. ...f 186.780 79
Risks and Premiums. Fir* Risks. Premium*.
Net amount of Risks
written during the
Tear $457,439,358 $389,814 87
Net amount ot Risks
expired during the
year 254.2S8.826 304.274 01
Net amount In force
December 31. 1902.. 836.522.262 611.633 10
A . F. 8CHALLER, President.
A. POIZAT. Secretary.
Subscribed and sworn to before m« this 4th
day of April. 1903.
JOSEPH I. BRrrTA_NT.U. S. Consul.
SYZ a CO., Genera! Agents,
308 CALIFORNIA STREET.
* i _ +
COOK BOOK OFFER TO
CLOSE OCTOBER 30.
The Call's Cook Book prem-
' inm offer will close on October*
'SO, 1903, and all readers of this
paper who desire a copy of £2_U
household treasure should not
fail to place their order im- *
mediately.
sTnis splendid premlnm will
be offered to Call subscribers at
the exceptionally low rats of
fifty cents per copy.; Out of
town orders twenty cents ad-
ditional to cove- prepayment of
transportation charges.
* ADVERTIS ft W K NTS.
STATEMENT
¦ OF THE-
CONDITION AND AFPAXES
OF THE——
Fidelity and Casualty
COMPANY
OF NEW YORK, TN THE STATE OV NEW
' York, on the 31st day of December, A. Z>.
10C2, and for the year ending on that day, as
made i to the Insurance Commissioner of the
State of California, pursuant to the provisions
of sections 610 and 611 of the Political Code.
condensed as per blank furnished. by the Com-
mis*ionerr'
CAPITAL.
Amount of Capital Stock, paid up
In cash I 230.00000
ASSETS.
Real Estate owned by Company.... $ 021,160 63
Cash Market Value of all Stocks
and Bonds owned by Company. . . . 8,840,641 CO
Amount of Loans secured by pledge
5 of Bonds, Stocks, and other, mar-
ketable securities as collateral...' 283,000 00
Cash In Company's Office....' 17,196 BT
Cash In Banks 65,320 04
Interest due and accrued on all
- Stocks and Loans 2,987 St
Premiums In doe Course of Collec-
tion 887.69308
Rents due and accrued 1,037 46
Reserve reinsurance deposit (cash in
Company' s possession) 33, 574 S3
Total Asset! .85,264,671 77
LIABILITIES.
losses in process of Adjustment or
in - Suspense. $ 2S6.&44 84
Losses resisted. Including expenses. 623,05014
Gross premiums on Risks running
one year or less, $ ; rein-
surance SO per cent....... 2,067,843 30
Gross premiums on Risks running
mor« than one year, | ;
reinsurance pro rats. 806.70S 34
Due and accrued for salaries,
rent, etc 83.563 04
Contingent fund... 250,00000
Total Liabilities .83.864,810 Og
* INCOME. .
Net cash actually received for pre-
miums : • .84.4S9.535 93
Received for interest and dividends
on Bonds Stocks. Loans, and
from another sources 134.742 82
Received for rents 64.088 98
Received from all other sources.... 66,480 XI
Total Income .....84.754,804 00
EXPENDITURES.
Net amount paid for losses (Include
lug $ — — — , losses of previous
yeans) ................$1,823,014 23
Dividends to stockholders 62.500 00
Paid or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage ...1.178.194 60
Paid for salaries, fees, and other
charges for of fleers, clerks, etc . . 282.827 88
Paid for State, national and local
I » taxes 81.45099
AH othef payments and expendi-
tures \. 540,42923
! Total Expenditures .$3,967.41* 97
Losses incurred during the year.... 11.594.329 07
GEORGB F. BEWARD, President.
ROBERT J. HILLAS. Secretary: - ' I
Subscribed and sworn to before me this 23th
day of January. 1903.
W. I* KERR. Notary Public
CHAS. J. BOSWORTH,
, General Agent,
818 CALIFORNIA STREET,
', *«n FrancUco, C»J. ; 7
SCIENTIFIC OPTICIASS. .- V
r- ¦ ¦ m , -i ,-.,-., , ...JL...J.-,- -,-.¦ ¦i r _n_,. J -,-| | - . -, . „ ,_ , .,___,. _ ri| _ n|
DURING the G. A. R. encampment Dr. Cllse.
1023 Market et.. bet. 6th-7th, fitted glasses to
Gen. Miles; you want the beat as well aa he.
___________________ ._
MOTHERS — Dtlnk Cof-farin regularly and
your nerves and digestion will be all right;
give it to the children and the old man, and
half your troubles will cease. , . ¦
SPECIALISTS. .
CATARRH. DKAFNESS and NOISES In EARS
positively cured; new method; 1 week's treat-
ment free. Dr. CotUngham, 204 Sutter et.
STUTTERING AND STAMMERING.
MELBOURNE School, Van Ness-Market— Cure
in every case; Individual teaching; no medi-
cine. Inquire into wonderful cures ;home cure.
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
The following marriage licenses were issued
yesterday:
Alfred W. Harper, 24, 810 Turk street, and
May Greggalns,;i6. 1233 Howard street. *
Louis H. Brownstone. 26, city, and Julie
Leszynsky, 23, city.
Edward F. Henning. 27. 28C0 Mission street,,
and -Maria H. Clark, 20. 85 Rausch street.
Frank Fernandes, 41, 228 Twelfth street,
and Theresa A. Silvey, 22, 109 Wool street.
Manuel Sllverla. 24, 412 Cortland avenue,
and Isabella Bilvey, 18. 109 Wool street
John J. Kelly, 25, 1419 Folsom street, and
Nora A. Kelly, 21. 1204 Halght street.
Henry Sclelman. 45, 630 Sacramento street,
and Madge E. Duane. 45, 630 Sacramento st.
William H. Reed, 29, 12 Rlncon avenue, and
May Fanning, 27, 12 Rlncon avenue.
Kilns Springer, 22, 1623 Buchanan' street,
and Sadie Michaels, 20. 50S Sixth street.
William E. Whiting, 22, 715 Howard street,
and Tlllle HanEen, 20. 715 Howard street.
Johannes H. Jensen, 26. 1041 Fifth avenue.
South Ban Francisco, and Sadie Jacobsen. 10,
1041 Fifth avenue. South San Francisco.
William C. Thiele, 22. city, and Margaret
A. Watson, lfl. city. ' -
Antonio Bonglo\'annl, 28. 1438 Greenwich
street, and Margerlta Filippl. 10. 2 Green
place. -
BIRTHS —MARRIAGES— DEATHS.
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mall will not be Inserted. They, must be handed
in at either of Via publication offlcfJi and be
Indorsed with the name and reside0fe pf per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
BORN.
BLECHER— In this city, October 22, 1003, to
the wife of William C. Blecher, a ton.
FILORI— In this city. October 22. 1903, to the
wife of John A. Fllori. a son. >.
. MARRIED.
BAUER— LUNDAHL— In this city. October 17.
1903. by the Rev. Dr. E. Nelander, pastor of
the First English Lutheran Church, Ludwlg
F. Bauer and Bertha Lundahl, both of San
Francisco.
CARSON— JOHNSON— In this city, October 17,
1903, by the Rev. Dr. E. Nelander. pastor
of the First English Lutheran Church, El-
mer A. Carson and Hulda Johnson, - both of
Ban Francisco. ,
NEIMAN— JONES— In Berkeley, October 21.
1903, by the .Rev. Dr. E. Nelander. pastor
* of the First English Lutheran Church, Ban
Francisco, William Franklin Neiman and
Christine K. Joneg. both of Berkeley, Cal.
DIED. — —
Boland. Ellen Gulnan. Andrew
Brockhoff, Hazel G. Haake, Delia
Browell. Josephine Hurley. Michael
Cashman, Mary Hyman. Rachel
Cook. Sarah E. Leltsoc. Sophie
Davis, Nathan Lillle, Lucina A.
Dcsch. Perry D. Lindsay, Mrs. C. M.
Efflnger, Christen McDonald, Emma
Egan. Lena B. " Madison, Peter A.
Finn. Matthew Morgensen, J. Henry
Fitzgerald. Mrs. E. Murphy, William
, French, Eva M. Nugent, Rev. Dennis
Gabriel. Arthur Redford. .Verel M.
Gardner, Ada E. Robertson, Clorlnda
Guenley, Edward Schweitzer, Julia
BOLAND— In Vallejo, October 22, 1903, Ellen,
dearly beloved daughter of Bridget Boland,
and sister of Patrick and Mary Boland and
Mrs. Dunney, a native of the parish of Moy-
glase, County Tipperary, Ireland, aged u0
yearB.
tCTTrlends" and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
on the arrival of the steamer General Frls-
bie from Vallejo at 2:30 o'clock, thence to
Holy Cross Cemetery, by carriage.
BROCKHOFF— In thia city, October 23. 1303,
at her residence. 245 Eleventh street, Hazel
Gertrude Brockhoff, beloved daughter of
Henry C. and May C. Brockhoff, a native of
San Francisco, aged 10 years and 23 days.
BROWELL— In this city, . October 23, 1003,
Josephine, beloved wife of the late Jerry
Browell, a native of California, aged 40
years.
C7Remalns at the mortuary chapel of the
Golden Gate Undertaking Company, 24V5
Mission street, near Twenty-first.' . : ¦ •
CASHMAN— In this city. October 22, 1903,
Mary, beloved wife of the late Maurice Cafch-
man, and sister of Thomas Mullin, a native
of parish Innlscarra, County Cork, Ireland,
aged C5 years.
C7Frien6s and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Saturday), at 7:10 o'clock, from the parlors
of Carew & English, 29 Van Nens avenue,
thence to St. Brendan's Church, where a re-
quiem high mass will be celebrated for the
repose of her soul, commencing at 8 o'clock.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery. Please
omit flowers.
COOK— In this city, October 23. 1903, Sarah
E.. beloved wife of Daniel S. Cook, a na-
tive of Providence, R. I., aged 59 years 11
months and 6 days. A member of Children's
Progressive Lyceum, Ladles' Spiritual Aid
Society and Lincoln Relief Corps No. 3.
E7Friend8 and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
Sunday, October 25, tt£3. at 2 o'clock, at
the mortuary chapel tBi the Golden Gate
Undertaking Company, 2470 Mission street,
near Twenty-first, under the auspices of
Spiritualists and Lincoln Relief Corps No.
3. AH members are requested to be present.
Cremation.
DAVIS— In thla city. October 23. 1003, Nathan,
dearly beloved husband of Roea Davis, be-
loved son of Mrs. Lelbe Davis, father of
Mrs. G. W. Alexander, Mrs. J. Epstein and
David, Gertrude, Leo, Saul and Jerome Da-
vis, and brother of Lesser, Abe and Wolf
Davis, Mrs. R. Serensky.-Mrs. A. Hlller and
Mrs. F. Blywlee, a native of Germany, aged
47 years 2 months and 8 days. ; -
d_rFriends and acqualntsnces are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral Sunday,
at 10 o'clock, from his late residence. 414
Golden Gate avenue. Please omit flowers.
Interment Eternal Home Cemetery, via the
11:30 o'clock train from Third and Townsend
streets depot.
POSCH— In tbis city. October 22, 1903, Perry
Dayton Dosch, beloved son of Clara J. and
William H. Dosch. and brother of Clarence
E. and the late Leon C. Dcsch, a native of
Wisconsin, aged 21 years 3 months and 4
days. (Los Angeles papers please copy.) - '
(E7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Saturday), at 1:30 o'clock, from the chapel
of Charles H. J. Truman & Co.. 1909 Mis-
sion street, between Fifteenth and Sixteenth.
' Interment Mount Olivet Cemetery, by car-
riage. .' •
EFFINGER— In this city. October 23, 100.5,
Christen, beloved husband of Sophie Effln-
ger, and father of Christen Ernst Efflnger,
Louise Sears and the late Sophia Mayer Sar-
torl, a native of Wurtemberg, Aldlnger,
Germany, a«red 70 years 7 months and 20
days. A member of .Petaluma Lodge No. 30,
I. O. O: F..^_nd Relief Encampment No." 23
of Petaluma.
CTFuneral private from the mortuary
chapel of the Golden Gate Undertaking Com-
pany, 2475 Mission street, near Twenty- first,
Sunday, October 25, 1903, at 11 o'clock. In-
terment private.
EGAN — In this city, October 21, 1003, Lena
Bernice, dearly beloved daughter of James
and Catherine Egan, and loving sister ot
James, Annie, Alice, Agnes and Waiter Egan
and Mrs. E. Daly and the late Lillle Egan
and Mrs. Mamie Cleary, a native of San
Francisco, aged 20 years and 8 months. A
meniber of Fremont Parlor No. 69, N. D.
G. W.
C7The funeral will take place to-day
(Saturday), at 9:15 o'clock, from her late
residence, 204 Bt. Rose street, off Geary, be-
tween Collins and Ferric, thence to Holy
Cross Church, where a requiem high mass
will be celebrated for the repoee of her soul
at 10 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Ceme-
tery.
OFFICERS and members of Fremont Parlor
No. 69, N. D. O. W.. are hereby notified to
assemble at the residence Saturday morning,
at 8:30 o'clock, to attend the funeral of our
late sister. Lena B. Egan. By order of
LILLIAN T. BAKER. President.
GEORGIANA LUCE, Rec. Secretary.
FINN— In this city, October 23, 1903, at hie
- residence, 142 Hartford street, between
Eighteenth and Nineteenth, Matthew, dearly
beloved husband of Ellen Finn, father of
¦ John 8. Finn, and loving brother of Mrs. ; P.
Hennessy, Mm. William H. Molloy, Mrs. J.
Sheridan and Mrs. II. Brlnkman of Mexico,
a native of County Galway, : Ireland, aged
SO years.
CyNotlce of funeral hereafter.
FITZGERALD — In Stockton. October 23, 1003,
at the residence of her son, 821 South Mon-
roe street. Mrs. Elizabeth Fitzgerald, be-
loved mother of David. John, Frank, Ed-
ward, Thomas, Mary and the late James and
' Ambrose Fitzgerald, a native of Ireland,
aged 71 yean. •
E7"Frionds and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Monday,
October 26, 1903, on the arrival of the Stock-
ton train in. San Pablo at 10:15 o'clock,
thence to San Pablo Church, - where a re-
quiem high mass will 'be celebrated for the
repose of her soul, commencing, at 10:30
o'clock. Interment St. Mary's Cemetery,
Oakland.
FRENCH — In Coif ax, October 20, 1903, " Eva
M.,« beloved wife of -Will J. French, daugh-
ter of Thomas W. and Lina Dean of Court-
land, Cal.." and ; sister of Mrs. N. E. Bishop
! and W. H.. M.^R. and Nelson E. Dean, a
HEAL ESTATE CITY— FOB. S.M^n.
W . II. mtbSEM & CO.. 20 Montgomery st.
" Heal Estate Agents and Auctioneers."
• JieO.OCo— .\e»r B-IUMM and California sts.: 3-
., lAyry jind basement buiidir.g; rents
j:MO ixt annum. f 8120
713.000— Fine investment; close in town: double
frontage: tuttftantial 4-Ftory and base-
merit Imildtn* of UtJ rooms and bath;
oceuplt-d ts a lodging-house; modern
' ' plumbing: lpai^ed for 5 years at $300
jx-r month; tenant rays the water: in
first -class condition: pays 7 per cent
over net- ti nant makes repairs.
t2€.0&>— Ohoioe' bokU-S. to Improve with a
modern nuiMInx; OFcrrell et.. north
Un*. «JS:V east of L«avcnu-orth; house
3i:4 4xl37:«5.
$21, 000— Ruslness corner on Pacific St.; rents
$1£12 p<r annum; store and flats; large
lot.
118.000- n«r.ti> $1410 per annum; eunny cor-
tkt; ..-. •> ¦<-- lot: 3 eieg&nt modern fiats of
& room* and bath each; should pay
flf-Mi p<r annum.
$16,500 — Kir.e eunny business corner on How-
ard ft.: 3-ttory and 8-foot basement,
etore and 4 rooms and 2 flats of 7-6
rooms and bath; rents $107; bay win-
dows, etc.; 25x95.
fl2.00C»— Price rpducrd; rent $1254 per annum;
« fia-ts and large lot. &5 feet front on
Grov* ft.; n«_r the City Hall.
110,000— lU-nis flOSO per annum; 3 flats of 6
rooms and baths each; concrete foun-
dation*; lot 27:6xl37:«; Inside of Van
!\>&s ave. ,
$?.0O»~'tt>bster et., west line, 125 north of
Hnight; 3 flats of 7-6-C rooms and bath;
bay windows, brick foundations, etc.:
rents f77 60; 25x1 00.
fS. MO— Rent* $7SU per annum; well located
in the Western Addition; fine residence
of 8 rooms and bath, etc; 25x137:6.
J7.500 — Rents $720 per annum; Devisadero
St.; substantial, nearly new building la
etore and flat; £5r90.
57,300— Rents per annum; Mission warm belt;
4 rood bay-window flats; brick founda-
tion; 25x114; handy to several »treet
car lines.
$8,700— Rent $720 per annum; S houses of 7
- rooms and bath each; brick founda-
tions; Mason st,
$5,750— Near Valencia and Fourteenth ets.;
4 Cat* of 0-3 rooms and bath each;
bay windows; brick foundations; rents
f $55; 25x70.
$3,_50 — Fourteenth st., near Mission; rents
$402 i*pr annum; 4 flats end lot BlxSO.
$5,000 — Ilaight Bt.. south line. 105 west of
Brodcrick: 2 flats of 6-3 rooms each;
rent of upi>er $25; bay windows; hrick
foundations, etc; 25x120.
$4,550 — Near Fixth end Harrison ets.: 2 flats
cf S rooms each and rear houee of 3
rooms; rents $47 50; 25x112.
S3.2S0 — Pacific et., north line, 67:6 feet east
of Hyde; rents $25: 2OxCO to rear street.
$2,700 — To cloee an estate : price greatly re-
fluced to make quick eale; rents $228
per annum and over half the lot vacant;
2 flats of 5 rooms and bath each; handy
to •e'versl lines of cars; lot 79xS6; a
real rnap .
$1,900 — Rents $312 i*r annum; near Paciflo
¦ nd Taylor rtt.; 2 bouses.
$1,600— Co*y Western Addition cottage of S
rooms and bath, etc.; brick foundation.
Fcr further particulars of the above and for
the Real Ert&te Record, containing a list of
properties for eale in all parts of the city, in-
quire -t cur efftce.
G. H. TJIIBSEN & CO..
20 Montgomery •_,
Real Estate Agents and Auctioneers.
DESIRABLE eunny building lots; dose to Du-
boce Park: bltumlnlzed streets; lots level
and ready to build on; a rare chance to ob-
tain a holding admirably Fituated and close
to the city at a very reasonable figure; dia-
gram, price end all further particulars at our
Office. G. n. UMBSEN & CO., 20 Montgom-
ery St.. Real Estate Agents and Auctioneers.
•THOMAS MAGEE & EONS. Real Estate
Agents, S Mo_ tgomery st.
SEW APARTMENT HOUSE.
$44.100— Rente $44,100 for ten years; will sell
this property for amount of rests; new
apartment house leased to one tenant.
LEAVENWORTH-ET. CORNIER.
$15,000— Rents $1S3 60 a month; good 3-story
building; lot 40 feet front.
SUTTER-ST. PURCHASE.
$2*?.C00— Sutter st.. not far from Taylor* good
two-srory building.
POWELL ET.
?13,400— Large-elzed frontage; cloee t» Falr-
cioa.it Hotel.
7TH-ET. CORXEK.
$; 0.000— Rent* (:•« M a month; two frame
buildings.
VAN NESS AVE. CORXER.
$25,000— Almost 140 feet frontage, on two
street*'; on perfect level; splendid eite
for apartment house or hotel.
WEBSTER-ST. CORNER.
$3,200— CO ffet front by X10 feet deep; a very
reasonable place.
FILBERT-ET. BCILDIXO LOT.
$3,300 — 27 ij feet front; nuurnlficent view of
bay and ¦urroundlngs: street bltumln-
•4«*<3; clem* to new buildings.
BAT-ET. FLATS.
$.2,000— Renta $23; two «ood flats on Bay *_:
_!w_}b rented.
PAGE-ET. LOT.
$5,750—50x137:6; good Page-at .. lot: la town.
VALENCIA-ST. LO"T.
$3.500 — 22:6x125; close to large manufactur-
ing concern; if Improved will always
rent.
THOMAS MAGEE ft EONS.
Real Estate Agents,
H Montgomery et.
MODERN cottages; finished complete with
every convenience; eaey terms; large lots.
4 rooms — fl^KX).
6 roorrji — S325O.
6 room* — $3500.
<5 rooms — $:;o*».
7 rooms — $4100. /
5 room*— $4600. /
Located en First and Second ave.. bet.
G»ary -nd McAllister *t, cars and one block
north of aark. F, NELSON, builder.
m ¦
BARGAIN — Two handsome new residences of
6 rooms and bath; eunny, modern and up to
date in every particular; Nos. &C6 and 9C8
Clayton «t.. near Golden Gate Park; price
ttlOO end $5400. Apply R. D. CRANSTON
e. SONS. 114 Montgomery «t.
f700 EACH— 2 lots. Mission et. $250— New cot-
tage. 5r.b.; Precita ave.; bal. terms. $500—
Nt-w fiats, 4-5 r. b.; bal. easy terms; 29th and
Mission. tlOO— Cottage, 4 r. b.; 135 Nevada
eve; bal terms. D. Coffin ft Co.. 3303 Mission.
liODERN cottage: 4 rooms; $1550; terms same
»« paying rent. Apply owner, lumber yard.
EE. cor. Alabama and Montcalm sts.
#l€,250. REDUCED from $17,000; cottage and
6 flats: fine location; lot 75x122:6; rent
$1632; good Investment. 1018 Ehotwell et.
BUILD on your tinimproved realty: we loan
full cott lmprov. and part lot at 6 per cent.
MANHATTAN LOAN CO.. Crocker building.
FINE inconae flats on Fulton, near City Hall;
reasonable. Inquire 142 Ftilton st.. owner.
FOR Bale — Fine 2-story residence. 6 large
room*, equal to 6. 8818 23d st.. nr. Castro.
REAL ESTATE— Country— For Sale.
110 A MONTH tmys 4 ten-acre farm twelve
miles from Pacraraento; wrltt for booklet;
Its free. WUIGHT A KIMBROUGH. C03
J et.. Sacramento. California.
ZF you want a etock ranch, dairy or coloniza-
tion tract, write CHAS. W. COE & CO- 45
Weet Eanta et-. San Jose. Cal. :V- ,
ALFALFA lands, irtock ranches, crchardi,
rirejarfis; Inspected harjrair.s; monthly cata-
, logue* sent free, C M. WOOSTER CO., 64S
Market Bt. .;-; ;
TOR poultry and dairy ranches yielding a good
profit. HAMILTON ft KENDRICICPetalnma.
• *~rOI 7>T itlCHMOW P nEAL ESTATE.
.WATER front lots and bargains: all tracts:
rraps. photos, etc. BELL, 417 Parrott bldg.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
¦
A LA MIT DA UC.VL ESTATE.
r>O you want to buy a lot? Do you want to
rmild _ home?' r>o you want plans made?
Call or address J. H. TOUNO, 1243 Park
ft.. A lambda. Cal.
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
BEltKELEV ttEA-, ESTATE.
BARGAINS IN LOTS—
_?!£l#' x !i£ : u ' aInut - n°rth of Berryman sL
f>UK>~-C<niX5; Ebattuck ave., north of Berry-
man et.
0^ 48 ' corncr E*cramento and Hop-
• Wa!nu t •*•. »outh of Rose.
Ijgghjgggft corner. Virginia st.
51100 — I, *:.'•: corner. Grove «t •
f 1250-50x220; Wai nut et .. north of Vine.
„ fc- L. NEWTON. 2131 Center »t
j. j. uason] : ' :
_, **** J t , E «*te and Insurance Agent.
Choice- Property a Specialty
CE. cor. -hattuck are. and Center «_ '
Bfrkflyy. Cal.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
SALE.
ture. U. Schellhaas. lith st..cor.etore,Oaklod.
natrve of ' Sacramento County, aged 31 year*
and 26 days. < ' • : •
B-^Frler.ds and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral Saturday,
October 24. 1903, at 10:45 o'clock, from the
' ferry, thence to Cypress Lawn Cemetery by
electric car. where services will be held at
¦ the chapel. = . .
GABRIEL. — In thla city. October 23. 1903. at
tMe parents' residence, 414 Seventh street,
Arthur, beloved son of Alfonso and Augus-
tine Gabriel, and brother of Georgle, Lillie,
Florence, Frank, John, Harry and Mary
Gabriel, a native of Ban Francisco, aced 1
year and 20 days. '
GARDNER — In this city, October 22. 1903,
Ada Emily Gardner, dearly. beloved wife of
£>r. Robert C. Gardner, mother of Roy Gard-
ner, daughter of August Quitiow, and sister
of Charles and Vincent Quitzow and the late
Birdie Goldsmith, a native -of -New York,
agttd 29 years 3 months and 4 days.
GUENLEY— In this city. October 23, 1903.
Edward Guenley, beloved husband ¦ of Rose
Guenley, father of Eddie, Rose, Joseph,
Louie, Willie, Dewey and Irene Guenley,
brother of George Guenley, Mary Ducing and
Mrs. Addle Ducing, and brother-in-law of
James Peggs, a native of San Jose, aged 41
years 9 ibonths and 8 days. (San Jose pa-
pers please copy.) ¦ . •
{QTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 1 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 238 Hickory avenue, thence to Sacred
. Heart Church for services, commencing at
1:30 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Ceme-
tery. .
GUINAN— In thia city. October 23, 1903, An-
drew Gulnan, beloved husband of Mary
Guinan, and father , of Fred F. Guinan, a
native of Canada, aged 52 years: . A mem-
ber of Fidelity Lodge,-- 1. O. <V F., and Ber-
nal Lodge No. 10. A:; O. U. w. ...
ICT Remains at the mortuary: chapel of the
Golden Gate Undertaking Cotnoany, 2475
Mission street, near Twenty-first Notice of
funeral hereafter. / - -
HAAKE— In this city, October 22.1903. Delia,
dearly beloved daughter at Mrs.- Christina
and the late John C. , Haake, a native of
San Francisco, aged 20 years 11 months and
11 day*.
(CTFrlends are respectfully invited to at-
tend the funeral services Sunday, October
25, at 2 o'clock, at the residence of her sis-
ter, Mrs. F"rank Comfort. 836 Jersey street,
between Noe and Castro, under the auspices
of Ims Lomas Parlor No. 71. N. D. G. W..
thence by electric funeral car from Eight-
eenth and Guerrero streets. Interment Mount
Olivet Cemetery.
OFFICERS and members of Las Lomas Par-
lor No. 72, N. D. O.-'W., are hereby noti-
fied to assemble at the residence, 836 Jersey
street, to attend the funeral of our late sis-
ter, Delia Haake..
ROSE SMITH. President.
MARION LAYTON, Secretary.
HURLEY— In this city, October 22, 1003.
Michael, beloved husband of. Mary Hurley,
'and father of Michael G. Hurley, a native of
the parish of Castlehaven. County/ Cork, Ire-
land." aged 80 years.
(CTThe funeral will take place to-day
(Saturday), at 9:15 o'clock, from the parlors
of J. C. O'Connor &. Co., 767 Mission street,
thence to St. Patrick's Church, where a re-
quiem high maas will be celebrated for the
repose of his soul at 9;30 o'clock, Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery-
HYMAN— Friends and acquaintances are re-
spectfully Invited to attend the setting of the
stone of Rachel, dearly beloved wife of Mor-
ris Hyman, at Salem Cemetery, Sunday.
October 25, 1003. at 3 o'clock. Late mem-
ber of Ladies' First Hebrew Association.
LE1TSOC— In this city, October 23. 1903, So-
phie Leitsoc, aged 73 years.
(CTNotiee of funeral hereafter.
LILLIE — In this city. October 23, 1903, Lucina
A. Lillle, beloved mother of Mrs. M. L.
Osier and Mrs. Arthur Morcton, a native of
New York. (Portland, Or., papers please
copy.)
C7"fhe funeral services will take place
Sunday, at 1:45 o'clock, at the Darlors ot
Halsted & Co.. 046 Mission street. Inter-
ment orivate at Mountain View Cemetery,
Oakland.
LINDSAY— *i Reno, Nev.. October M, 1003,
Mrs. C. M. Lindsay, beloved mother of Mrs.
J. Johnson and Mrs. William Waltz, a na-
tive of England, aged 75 years.
B_TNotlce of funeral hereafter.
McDONALD— In this city, October 22, 1903,
Emma McDonald, beloved wife of Charles
McDonald, daughter of Timothy and Cath-
erine, sister of Dollle, John, Clinton P..
William J. and Edward Dugan, . and mother
of Eva Ellen McDonald, a native of San
Francisco, aged 23 years. . >
CTTriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited, to attend the funeral Saturday,
October 24, 1903. at 8 :30 o'clock, from the
parlois of James McManus, Seventh and
Castro streets. Oakland, thence to St. Fran-
clx d« Sales Church, where a solemn requiem
ma;* will be celebrated for the repose of her
«oul r.J .» o'clock. Interment St. Mary's
Cemetery, Oakland. . ' ; . \
MADIirOK— In this city. October 23, 1903.
¦ Pttcr A.- Madison, beloved husband of Mary
Greic ilcdipcn, a native of Denmark, aged
32 yc.';rs.
MORGE-V?^:— In this city, October 22, 1903,
J. Henry, beloved son of 8. F. and Caroline
Morgensen, and brother of F. W., Edward,
' Walter and Fred Morgensen, Mrs. H. E.
Hlckman, Mrs. W, C. Hodges and Mrs. C.
Knudsen, a native of Eureka, Cal., aged 24
yearx 6 months and 23 days.
MURPHY— In this city, October 23. 1903, Wil-
liam Murphy, beloved son of Kate and the
late Thomas Murphy, and brother of Dan-
iel, TlKimns and Lizzie Murphy and Mrs.
Mary Donohue, a native of California, aged
23 years. . •
E7Rema!ns at the mortuary chapel of the
Golden Gate Undertaking Company until
Saturday, at 1 o'clock, when the remains
will be taken home, 348 Lisbon street.
NUGENT— In this city, October 22. 1903. Rev.
Dennis Nugent, rector of St. Rose's Church,
brother of Rev. John Nugent of St. Bren-
dan's Church, Miss Maggie Nugent and Mrs.
Katie Moynihan, a native of County Ar-
magh. Ireland, aged 63 years.
(CTThe funeral will take place to-day
(Saturday), from St. Rose's Church, where
a solemn requiem high mass will be cele-
brated for the repoaei of his soul at 10
o'clock. Interment Holy Cross . Cemetery.
REDFORD— In this . city, October 23. 1003.
Verel M., beloved "daughter of William and
Vercl Redford. and sister of Lizzie and the
late Mary Redford, a native of Scotland,
aged 11 years 0 months and 20 days.
t_5*l'riends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 1:30 o'clock, from the funeral
parlors ot Bunker . & Lunt, 2066 Mission
Btreet, between Twenty-second and Twenty-
third, Mission Masonic Temole. Interment
Cypress Lawn Cemetery, via electric funeral
car from Thirtieth street and San Jose ave-
nue.
ROBERTSON (nee ARATA)— In this city. Oc-
tober 22, 1903, Clorlnda, dearly beloved wife
of James Robertson, daughter of G. B. and
Rosa Arata, and sister of James, George,
Mary and Frank Arata and Mrs. \ Louisa
Mlnattl, a native of San Francisco, aged 20
years 10 months and 4 days.
CCFrlPnrts and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 1 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 018 Montgomery street, between
Broadway and Pacific street. Interment New
Italian Cemetery.
SCHWEITZER— In this city, October 22. 1903,
at her residence, 1374 Hayes street, Julia,
beloved wife of the late Mayer Schweitzer,
and mother of Mrs. Phil Hlrsch of Sacra-
mento, Mrs. Harry P. Franklin and Simon
Schweitzer, a native of Germany, aged 09
years 0 months and 12 days.
[C7"Services will be held to-morrow (Sun-
day), at 10 o'clock, at. her late residence,
1374 Hayes Btreet, thence by electrio funeral
car from Eighteenth and Guerrero streets.
Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery.CONVICT, WHO WAS KILLED
BY FOLSOM GUARDS WHILE
TRYING TO ESCAPfl.
We print sewepapers aad do it well. Lrt us do
TCTirm.My»eIKRolllns^2 Clay.gtve Mtisfaction.*
The Grand Jury met yesterday after
noon, but transacted no business and ad
journed to meet Friday, November 6.
Grand Jury Adjourns.
.A hod carrier named Thomas Cano, re-
Fidlng at 225^ Sixth street, may attribute
the saving of his life to a wire on a new
building at the Junction of' Market and
Ijarkln streets. Yesterday Cano lost his
footing while propelling a barrow laden
•with bricks, on the third stcry, and fell a
distance of thirty feet into the basement.
In his precipitation he fortunately hit a
¦wire that was stretched on the second
floor, which directed his course between
the steel Joists in such a manner as to
send him free to the landing below. An
examination of his body by Dr. Harvey
e.t the Emergency Hospital showed that
he was not Injured.
Hodcarrier's life Saved by a Wire.
The News Letter's financial, dramatio and
literary departments are conducted by
istc. Its comments are sharp and spicy and its
tociety gossip is complete and authentic. •
The Tv'enrs Letter Is n*ver behind la the mat
ter of exclusive information, and in to-day"*
issue it tells in its spriirhtly way of the trouble
in the Woman's Pacific Coast Prees Associa
tion. It tells also of the raise of prices at the
Bohemian Club, and gives in detail an account
of the stniKKle for control of the executive
counsel of the Bankers' Association.
Newspaper people and others will be inter
ested in the account of the airship fake per
petrated upon them by a press agent.
The political department is as usual full of
new things, and the Insurance department con
tinues alone- Us highly original lines.
Ben C. Truman contributes a farewell letter
from the Sierras.
To-Day's News Letter.
Iiast Night of Photo-Salon.
Mark Hopkins Institute of Art. Con
cert and Photo-Salon. To-night, 7:30
till 10. Admission 25 cents. • .
In her testimony Mrs. McAllon said: "I
was conipletely . under the hypnotic influ
ence of McAllon before he forced me into
marrying him. He used to make passes
in front of my eyes, and I would go into
a e<frt of . trance, when he would make
me do all sorte of silly things. He would
occasionally make me flsh in a cuspidor
for trout, and at other times would give
ir.e a piece of soap and make me chew it.
Earing it was candy. One time he gave
me a piece of rope and -made me believe
1 was a fireman. I am satisfied I was
under his hypnotic influence when he
compelled me to go with him to San Jose
and marry him."
Mrs. Smith corroborated her sister's tes
timony, and said she had also been hyp
notized by McAllon and compelled to do
Eillr things.
The suit was not contested by McAllon,
but the Judge expressed a doubt as to
¦whether / the fact that the plaintiff was
i;nder hypnotic influence would be a suf
ficient ground for annulling the marriage.
It was a new feature for him, and he
t=aid he would like to be further enlight
ened as to the condition of a person's
mlr.d regarding the capability to enter
into a marriage contract when under an
other person's influence.
Attorney J. E. Manning, who represents
the plaintiff, said he would subpena Pro
fessor Tyr.dall and other authorities to
testify, and on that understanding the
Judge continued the case till Tuesday
next.
T£»e parties were married In San Jose oa
January IS. 1301, although it is alleged
that the plaintiff had at the time a hus
band named James A. Turner living, from
whom she had not been separated or di
ve reed.
The divorce *uit of Mrs. Crissy McAUon
cgalcst C. J. McAiloa came) up for hear
ing before Judge Cook yesterday, and tha
testimony of the fair plaintiff and her
sister. Mrs. T. J. Smith, was rather sensa-
Uonzi. It wu claimed by both ladles that
McAllon was possessed of hypnotic power
and both had come under Its baneful ln-
Suence.
Interlocutory decrees of divorce were
granted to Harriet M. Young from Bert
A. Young for desertion, Annie C. Tripp
from E. A. Tripp for neglect Margsret
McKlnnon from Thomas McKlnnon for in
fidelity and ' Lollie Abrams from Abe
Abrams for conviction of felony.
- He wants a divorce on the ground of
cruelty, and in support of bis prayer he
says that he has not from the - second
week after his marriage been treated as a
true and loving husband should be. He
charges that Mrs. Kaczee a short time
after their wedding told mutual friends
tbat ahe did not love her husband, but
on the contrary despised and hated him
and that in order to make her position
tolerable she neelected him, on' many 00
casions sending him to his bed supperl&ss.
He says further tbat she never, lost an
opportunity to show her dislike for him
and frequently abused him in the pres
ence of strangers.
Blanche E. Ward wants a divorce from
William L. 'Ward for cruelty. She says
that he has frequently choked her and
made her life miserable by his bad lan
guage. Infidelity is charged in the com
plaint filed by Benny Fink against Minnie
Fink. Bennle says that Minnie fell in
love with one Sam Davis on the 10th inst.
and fled with him to Seattle, where, he
says, they are now living as husband and
wife. Desertion is charged' in the suits
for divorce filed by Frank E. Davidson
against Anna Davidson and Grace A.
Bryant asainst F. E.. Bryant. . •' (
On complaint of Lucy Veteran, Judge
Hebbard annulled her marriage to William
E. Veteran. She married him last'Octo
ber. Her marriage was ?Ilegal because at
that time she had only been divorced
from Halvin . S. Pauleen five months be
fore.
Austin Kanaee, who vai married to
Ula Kanzee Just two years ago, is dis
satisfied with his matrimonial -.venture.
In a complaint for divorce filed by him
yesterday he says that two weeks after
he became a benedict his wife commenced
neglecting his interests and that ever
since ha has been a martyr to misplaced
confidence.
Professor Tyndall and Others
Will Enlighten- Judge
book.
Says His Wife Neglect3 Him
and Makes His Life
. Miserable. :
Mra Cris8y McAllon
Sues for a Divorce
From Husband.
Austin Kanzee Wants a
Divorce on Ground
of Cruelty.
SAYS HYPNOTISM
CONTROLLED HER
CUPID MAKES
A POOR MATCH
The Pacific Athletic Club has applied
to the Supervisors' for a professional box-
Ing permit for 'January. 1904. The appli
cation is signed by James Nelil. '¦
Wants Boxing Permit
' Music was furnished by a good orches
tra consisting of the members of the as
sociation.
Last night's entertainment was given
for" the purpose of raising funds for the
construction . of a swimming- tRnk which
Is to be installed in the quarters of the
club on Page street.
The cast of characters was as follows:
H C Levy. Victor Blanchard; Mrs. M. Rush.
Lucilo "Carlisle: Harry. Greenberr. Edwin Car-
Ihite- Mtaa Tilly Stone. Gay Carlisle; L. B.
'Jacobs Judse Carlisle: Miss Pearl Schwartz.
Kate Wilmarth: Leo Marks, Epenipus Cartari
n«vld A Miller. Captain Ransome; M. Schwa
ba^her/i'ncle Joe; and Dr. 8. R. Levy. Dudley
Mlddleton. .
Harry : Greenberg took the part of Ed
win Carlisle, who . unfortunately Is shot
and killed In the flrst act He was there
fore disqualified for further appearance,
but was later on called upon for a curtain
speech. ' •
The two. leading parts were played by
Mrs. M. Rush and H. C. Levy and both
acted well.
Miss ..Tilly Stone, who played the role of
the rather ', frivolous . Gay ¦ Carlisle, was
literally stormed with applause and flow
ers, i
The many strong: points of the heavy
play were .well brought out by th© young
amateurs, and at the conclusion of the
third act the ladies of the company were
presented many floral pieces and bou
quets. '
The Tounff Men's Hebrew Association
presented the four-act military drams,
"Lynwood," Thursday evening to a large
and appreciative audience at the Alham
bra Theater.
MTLITAinr DRAMA ItTNWOOD
WELL PLAYED BY AMATEX7BS
Wedding: cake boxes, wedding- stationery. Ed
ward S. Knowles. 24 Second at.: Main SOS.- •
Is Arrested for Cruelty.
B. Doherty. a driver, was arrested by
Special Officer Unger of the Society for
the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals yes
terday for using a -lame horse. He- was
released on $10 bail yesterday afternoon.
Fire Commissioner Maestretti was ten
dered a banquet at his home Thursday
night by a number of his friends: George
Foster was toastmaster and he presented
the Commissioner with a handsome jew
eled Fire Commissioner badge. Feasting
and merriment were kept up' until a late
hour.
Tender Commissioner Banquet.
Visitors are cordially invited to visit
Gump's Art Rooms and Gallery of Euro
pean Paintings. There is certainly much
there to interest art lovers and connois
seurs. S. & G. Gump Co., 113 Geary st. •
A Fine Exhibition.
Mrs. Redford and her remaining child
have been removed from St. Luke's Hos
pital to the home of a friend on
Eighteenth street. Dr. Austin states that
both will recover, although they will suf.
fer the effects of the poison for a long
time. • i ,UJi»-
'Since then the Illness of other members
of the family gave rise to suspicion that
their drinking water was tainted. The
mother and her two children gave pro
nounced evidences of lead poisoning and
remained in a critical condition • for sev
eral days. All of them were removed
f rpm their home in Mill Valley to St.
Luke's Hospital, in this city. Dr. Austin
was called in and succeeded in saving the
lives of the mother and one child, but
Verel was so terribly infected with the
poisonous metal that she died yesterday
morning. \ William Redford, • the father,
also showed symptoms of lead poisoning,
but the fact that his occupation called
him away from home and he did not
drink much of the water at the house pre
vented him from becoming dangerously
infected with the poison.
An investigation developed that the
plumbers In connecting the house with the
water main had left large deposits of car
bonate of lead mixed with oil In the tank
furnishing water to the house, and that
this was carried in the water consumed
by the family. The members of the fam
ily of Engineer Walker, who reside next
door to the Redfords, were similarly af
fected, but they cleaned their water tank
at the first developments of the poisoning
and were not seriously Injured. Redford
has secured a bottle of the infected water,
which shows a heavy deposit of carbonate
of lead.
Verel N. Bedford, the 11-year-old daugh
ter of "William Redford, chief engineer at
the North Shore power plant at Mill Val
ley, died yesterday morning at St. Luke's
Hospital from lead poisoning. She Is the
second one of the family to succumb as
the result of drinking water heavily taint
ed with lead. Mary J. Redford, her sis
ter, 8 years old. died from the same cause
on October 13, and the news of her death
and its cause was published In The Call
of October 17. The attending physician
diagnosed the case as ono of Brlght's dis
ease, and the body was buried at Cypress
Lawn Cemetery, near this city, without
an Investigation.
Lead Carbonate in Tank
Nearly Wipes Out
a Family.
TAINTED WATER
KILLS ANOTHER
a fanner's daughter, aged 15. was shot
and killed last night by John Green, who
then blew off his own head. Green was a
laborer on the York fartxv Ha was SO
years of age and is said to have been In
fatuated with the girl, who refused to ac
cept him.
Farm Laborer Murders tho Object of
His Had Infatuation and Com- M
;^.V"yp-V mita Suicide.
BETHKI* Me.. Oct. 23.— Beulah York.
KILLS GLBL OF yiHTijKIT
WHO REFUSED HIS OFFER
Chief Wittman will make a thorough
investigation into the circumstances that
preceded and followed <he prisoner's es
cape. -
Metzinger was arrested on August 29
by Detectives Regan and O'Connell on
charges of burglary and grand larceny.
He was accused of entering the room of
Miss Nora McNamara at 1046 Folsom
street and stealing her trunk, which con
tained all her personal effects, and also
with stealing a bicycle belonging to Al
fred "W. Tuttle. Owing to his previous
good character and the fact that his wife
was sick Police Judge Mogan on October
6 reduced the charges to petty larceny
and sentenced him to serve six months
on each charge. Instead of being put in
the County Jail he was selected to act as
a trusty at the City Prison.
The sleeping apartments of the trusties,
eleven in. number, are located behind the
elevator. The windows look into , the
light well In the' center of the building.
Metzinger occupied a bunk at the extreme
south end of the structure, and it was out
of the window close to his bunk that he
made his escape. The other trusties say
that some of them, Metzinger included,
were talking till 12:30 o'clock, when they
fell asleep. Metzinger took none of them
into his confidence. Metzinger took "a
desperate risk In making his escape. The
window is about ninety feet from the
ground, and if he had lost his nerve or
the rope had broken he would have
Btruck against the glasa roof covering the
courtyard and been torn to pieces by the
broken glass like the hound that jumped
from the roof some months ago. How he
got the key to unlock the padlock is a
mystery, but it is supposed that some
friend slipped it to him while visiting him
in prison.
GETS A LIGHT SENTENCE.
The trusties are called at 5 o'clock each
morning to clean up, but, although they
must have seen the open window and the
dangling rope, they said nothing about It
to Sergeant Melody or Policemen Fan
ning, and Love, who were on duty at the
prison. . Metzinger' s absence was not
missed \ till the watch was changed and
Sergeant Bldwell, the prison-keeper, re
ported for duty at 8 o'clock. Bidwellwaa
the ¦ first ' |o discover Metzlnger's absence.
It wasj^Ietzinger's duty to sweep out the
place '^behind the booking desk. It had
not been swept, and Bldwell went to the
trusties' apartments to ascertain the rea
son why. Then he discovered the open
window and dangling rope and found that
Metzinger was missing.
' TAKES DESPERATE RISK.
'Andrew Metzingrer, a trusty in the City
Prison who was serving a term of one
year, made 'a sensational escape early
yesterday morning, and detectives are
scouring the city to find him. He made
a rope out of his blankets, which he tied
to the leg of his bunk, then with a key,
which he had by some unknown means
procured, he unlocked the padlock that
keeps the iron grating over the window
secure, opened the window and slid down
the rope to the ledge of a window on the
next floor. Opening thl» window, he Jump
ed to the stairway leading to this floor,
and the rest was easy.
Climb3 Down a Rope Made
Out of a Blanket to
Floor Below.
A. Metzinger Takes
Desperate Risk at
City Jail.
PRISONER MAKES
DARING ESCAPE
Many actors i and alnxera ¦ uaa Plso' ¦ • Cure to
¦trencthen th« vole* and ¦ prevent ' hoarsen t ii. •
The allegation is made that although
the Trustees passed an ordinance -calling
for bids for the franchise to, furnish elec
tric light, heaf and power,; in '• that "city,
the Siskiyou Electric Power;: « Company,
has proceeded to erect Its poles and string
Its wires ' without having obtained • any
franchise therefor; The .ordinance, re
quires that the franchise 'shaU< be sold. to
the highest bidder and that 2 per cent of
the gross receipts annually.' of . the •¦ com
pany shall be paid Into the city' treasury.
United States Circuit Judge Morrow yes
terday Issued a temporary restraining or
der,, directed to ( the, Slsklyou ' Electrio
Power Company, the j city ; of; Yreka | and
the Trustees of the same, forbidding them
to continue, the. erection of electric poles
and" wires in the/ streets- of" that, city,
pending the- determination' of. a, suit filed
against. them by David. Hearfleld and E.
T. 1 Osborn, v British subjects, who allege
that the respondents are proceeding in de
fiance of law and an ordinance of the
city of Yrek«.
Judge Morrow Stops the Yreka Trus
tees From Violatinlp Important !
Franchise Ordinance.'.' ;
ELECTBIC COMPAHY : .
BESTBAINED / BY ; ' COURT
An unknown man committed suicide by
a tragic method at the e,ndof a Green
wich street pier yesterday afternoon.
Placing a stick of dynamite in his mouth
he caused an explosion that blew his
head from his body. Just before the act
the unknown man waved a farewell to
all within sight The report of the.ex
plosion- was -heard • at- a great distance.
The . headlesu , body dropped into the . bay
and was picked up • by the crew* of the
steam schooner , Henrietta. •
About the middle of the afternoon Cap
tain Charles ;Boyd of the Henrietta ob
served a -man standing at the end - of
Greenwich street pier. No. 2 .waving his
arms frantically. He next heard the ex
plosion and saw the body topple into the
water. A small boat was put out and
the crew reached the scene as' soon as
possible.' The body was still - afloat and
.was dragged aboard and the Coroner noti
fied. • The head had been completely
severed by the force of the dynamite. .",
There ,is no clew as to who the ; un
fortunate suicide is. He was, poorly
dressed and was without doubt a laborer,
probably employed about the water. front.
He wore' a black coat.. a brown vest and
trousers of a light material. • His hands
were hardened by- work and he was about
five fett ten Inches in height.' Just how
the man accomolished his death Is not
known. A piece of -fuse was. found, on
the wharf near the body s and this may
have been used in exploding the dynamite.
¦ ? ¦¦- ¦
Sensational Suicide of
an Unknown Man
on Wharf.
regarded as. a desperate man. He often
was suspected of distributing opium
among the prisoners, and in May last,
when he was discovered in the act,, two
years of his credits were taken away by
the Board of Prison Directors.
After that, episode Manuel was closely
watched, and yesterday he was found
with a quantity of opium on his person.
By way of punishment he was consigned
to one of the dungeons to live on a bread
and-water diet. Warden Wilkinson sus
pected that Manuel secured the opium at
a place near the prison, where it was
cached, and this afternoon, upon express
ing a readiness to show where he got the
6pium, Manuel was taken from his dun
geon by guards and escorted to the local
ity where he pretended the store of opium
was concealed. It was soon evident that
Manuel's apparent willingness to divulge
the hiding place of the opium was merely
In furtherance^ of a desire to escape, for
when the. group passed the quarry Man
uel broke and clambered like a deer up the
hillside.
The hill is the same over which George
Sontag unsuccessfully attempted to es
cape some years ago. The guards at dif
ferent points ordered Manuel to stop, but
as he continued to run they opened fire
on him at once and he dropped dead,
pierced by their bullets.
Manuel was sent from Madera County
for nine years for perjury. He had sev
eral more years to serve.
BLOWS OFF HEAD
WITH DYNAMITE
SACRAMENTO. Oct. 23.— E. Man
uel, a convict serving a sentence
for perjury committed in Madera
County, was shot and . killed at
the Folsom prison thla afternoon
while attempting to escape.
Manuel was a second-termer and was
Special Dispatch to The Call.
THE SAN FKANCISCO CALIi, SATURDAY, OCTOBER 24, 1903.
* ,
E. Manuel, Serving a Nine Year Sentence
for Perjury, Makes Break for Freedom
at Folsom and Is Shot Down by Guards
DESPERATE CONVICT IS KILLED
WHILE TRYING TO GET AWAY
16
• ADV^T^SEMENTS.
|9COOOOO9OCO«O99«OOO«OOOO(>OeeOOeOOOOSOO€OC0<
i New Eiderdown
[DRESSING SACQUES
! %^^m Women's
I Thoughts Arc
! v.ji/^ Turning Quickly to
t Eiderdown
! '/igffi : ( \ Garments.
I / j/>k I \ And No Wonder, for
t I 2/ I M\ll X Nothing Is More Becoming
j x^Hr # //y\f \ or Comfortable
j. /if /' ¦ I ii Than a Dainty
! WmMMi l\ Dressing Sacque.
• !, \**. 1, ,,rr^r^ **w- » \ SACQUES as Uluntrated. very neat and
? .,¦ *— '^WtSflW rr**^ pretty. Tight fitting; back. Crocheted
? y\ ET d» WfW- ¦• ¦ )/ edge. Ribbon bow at neck. /it^C
? TmiT-MiW-- 1/ •' Special price
\ -¦-'¦-, T^ -•'- W ¦ t\'(7\ * TStr» I>ADIES" DRESSING SACQUES ,
¦ . y'y- H \<$J7\ * fJ w of high-grade quality of elder-"
' '•/¦'. ' : down. Graceful bell sleeves. Sleevea,
y,>\ •'-•¦ front anfl collar scalloped with a neat,
• ' . ' .• hand crocheted design* of, worsted.
! : OOV»V Ladles' rippled eiderdown DRESSING SACQUE. lair©- sailor -collar .bell
U8Cr ileevis'andjront fancifully trimmed with a neat stitched band of black
1 ' taffeta; silk frogs; ribbon bow at neck.
'¦••¦ - r.rpaf rorset Values Our Great Ribbon Department
, . . ureaiwwi »aiuw special sale of ribbons at
• ¦ •" offer every style' and make, at a ,VERT LOW PRICES.
» - 25 per cent discount for to-day only: |er/-» BATIN TAFFETA RIBBON,
) : i wirl- »«^ «nr- 11 00 -CORSET' - '": lOv 4 Inches wide: worth 26c.
ijTZSLll " •If^mSI t^C FANCT WASH RIBBON. 3 lnche.
1 :»l.<M>'for our. »1.25 CORSE7T. OC wide; 12%c quality., ..
'.'• I 91.2O for. our- S1.75 .CORSET. | p— — Fancy STRIPES,. Dresden and
lr: - : • 91 JM> for our $2.00 CORSET. IOV, plaid effects. 6 Inches wide; 35c
1 ., ri. f c l»/»i»i« Women's Underwear
1 HOS.ery specials , Qr :• LADIES' VESTS. Ion* sleeves.
1 t. nnrqM'T REOUIRE a JUDGE of l*7w extra heavy quality; 2Rc value.
iVi-vii.^pSPSgl&O OKFER3 5OC ."^S^SS^^uSSS?.
' Rre UNUSUAI 1 C ,,. T .m t,A cb . v.,, colors, pink, blue, cream: T5c value.
1 1Q r LADIES' LA CB HOSE, shell Kyp-^, AUSTRALIAN WOOL VESTS
1 IOC pattern;- guaranteed absolutely C OC gray or white- II nuallty
i' fast black. . , fl»| (\i\ KNIT VESTS, silk and wool
1 * ()i_ ... ; CHILDREN'S .BI CTCLH €J>ie\/vF mixed, long sleeves, panu
r ' IZjC ¦ RIBBED. HOSEv double: heel, . and tlchts to match; colors, pink, blue
,;.-, toe? and, knee;, worth. 20c . white;, worth $1.50. .
' .'•¦ ft Ma Tradiag Stamps girt Witi Ivtry fiintw. ¦ Mall Ordera Given Prompt Attention. -
' * -..¦¦.¦-..¦.¦¦.-¦¦¦¦-. ¦--¦¦¦ ..-¦¦• < M -, / _ ..--_ .. ~~-~
! "HONEST VALUES"
! 1220-22-24 Market' St. Between '.Taylor and 'Jones.
¦••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••1
Childreii's Hats
J^-^^^^^^^^ A Dressy Beaverette, $3.50.
Four Pr ett y St *' les in Read y
i^ 3 '^, to-We_ars ! 75c.
V--^» L«t's first look at the Beaverette. W«
pictured it here to give you a better idea
•^^y^llpSSfc- of its value. It's dressy and stylish, trim-
mcd with fuI1 siIk b0 £' o£ W ° w ings ThI
Wt'* edge of the hat is interlaced with *»jk.
eiSsh" stvles Re finrsrh^iTa : t3. 4 eSS'S
. girlisn styles, nne scnooi u«i.a. -*^r
them is 75c It Isn't usual to find such style and variety under *joo.
(1)-If« a wld« rlrnmtd flat with a doubU (3)— A btarer effect In 2 «*<>"i „
rta. trimmed with cord and tassels.. T8o with thre« relvet bands a» # *" - .?«o
(2>— If« a Btlteh^l roll rhn sailor with a (*)— A doable" rimmed cloth hat with
velvet band TO© crown and stitched rim .....•••••••••
These hats are made with double rims or stitched rims, so a» to be
durable for school wear. They're all lined and all ready to put on. 7$c
Tuxedo Veilings 25c Yard Toilet Soap 10c Box.
Tuxedos are the style now. "Jockey Club" or "Violet" toilet
Sometimes they are gray mixed in soap, 3 cakes to the box. Well
fancy meshes with- chenille dots; also have at the drug counter to-
sometimes they are all black with day
velvet spots and in clusters. Violet Talcum Powder. 5o a box.
Also maUaes and white cMffona at 25c Castile Soap. It's pure olive olL Wltn
a yard. The mallnes have threads each case goes a wash rag.
flxed In diamond shapes as well as Rubber Dressing: Combs. 10c
chenllle and velvet dots.
The white chiffons, with black em- C^. «•*•#¦#»;*» Cclnn-uc
broidered dots. Is another striking rOUnulin syringes.
style. 25c a yard. The maline for
rosettes Is 25c a yard.* Blue. pink. 5^ 3~ < 1' : * S1Z^«
royal or white with soufle dots.
Then there is a still richer choos- 4°C — 2-qt. Size
ing at 50c a yard in Tuxedos, fan- That's very cheap for them, yet
cy meshes, among which are the they are very good. Each has
Teneriffe designs as well as the sil- three hard rubber pipes. It comes
ver sheen effects (which are so from special buying we did lately.
much worn now). Also black and
white Tuxedos that are strong and Men's Half HOSC
striking. 50c yard. Unusual, Too.
Satin [Taffeta Ribbons. ' If any man needs stockings buy
The favorite ribbon. to-day and buy at Hale's. You get
The favorite colors; white, pink, S ood ones and vou save money,,
light blue, green, black, lilac, cardi- 5c Pair: Worth 8 1-3C.
nal and nile. 2 widths. 2 prices. 6J^c Pair: Worth 10c.
1 c r Ofif lajic Pair: Worth 25c
*d£ «*UC 19c Pair: Worth 25c.
No. 40. 3 hi In. wide No. 80. 4 In. wide a a
There is no better quality. It is Men S Merino SOX.
indeed a welcome Saturday offer. In medium or heavy weight, seam-
We'll tie it up without charging less, with strong elastic ribbed tops,
into all the newest bows. 'OJ4 to nj4. I2j4c a pair.
Three 5c rolls to-day for.ioc.
And candy wafers 25c lb. They /@ff Jl$ dBe&km&Wg&^jputeP
are made of real fruit flavors, rasp- AA^vt "^r
berry, cocoanut, molasses, peanut. " '¦ »¦ rfSSSS^*^
S j ONE OF BRYSON'S BALLET GIRLS 1 I
S REHEARSING. 1
© B — — — ' ¦ — — — — — — — — — — —^——^^ '
! FREE WITH NEXT SUNDAY'S CALL j
O '-•¦¦.' . I
P" < "- 1 — » ¦"- t~ ¦ - '," _-. ¦¦";¦ ~~ ¦ ' "*" \
( *?$e&^$2x? : ' w •"¦ ¦'¦¦¦¦¦¦¦'"¦ < •¦ ' ' ¦ . : '¦¦¦"• "','''. ~ ' ' "' ' ' ' " "~ : "% S »" ;1^^
© INTERESTED. "^ i
# j
g ALL NEWSDEALERS AND TRAIN NEWS AGENTS SELL <
o THE SUNDAY CALL .' !
ADVERTISEMENTS.
IMISSION |
f FURNITURE |
i At 2095 Discrt l
• From Regular Prices. •
• S
O We offer our entire line of •
§ MISSION AND §
5 WEATHERED OAK :
S Dining-Room Furniture S
o Bookcases S-
S Desks o
S Chairs S
0 Tables, Etc, %
• ¦ ¦¦ - ' •
iChasJI.Plnm&Co.§
g Cor. 9ih and Markei Sh. o
BUTTER.
Special Saturday and Monday.
BEST CREAMERT BUTTER, per iq....4on
FANCY CRKAATEHT BTTTTER. per sqljjY^o
BEST FLOUR. Purity Brand S1.1O
FRESH EGGS, per doz«n 83Ue
8 eans BOSTON BEANS. lar»» caa 25o
ROYAL BAKING POWDER, 1-Tt> caa....4Ao
B cana SALMON -..25a
All Goods Guaranteed.
wholesale; grocery.
156 Ninth Street
Phono Folsom 25&. i
v 1 ALLONBY
I A NEW CLUETTTAB
j I IN QUARTER SEES— AT
ftl YOUR FURiNISHERS.
I CLUETT, PEABOOY & CO.
Ul MAKERS -T|| '
Always. Remember the Fall Ji am a
1 axative firomo
Cures aCoM In One Day, Grlpb 2 Dayfi
<2 JZr<£fir&&i& fcoTsS