SAN FRANCISCO, MONDAY, SEPTEMBER 7, 1903.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
LOXDON, Sept. 6. — A dispatch from Vienna to the Daily Telegraph says that advices from Senna leave no doubt that a serious crisis is imminent in that country. It is reported that an attempt zvas made on King Peters life at
Aw/i last czriiing. Stones zi-erc thrown at the carriage in which he was riding, one of which hit him on the cheek. It is also reported revolvers were fired. : While official reports say only tzventy-eight officers ivcrc arrested for the latest
demonstration against the army officers who killed the late King and Queen, private advices say five hundred officers and civilians were taken into custody. Instead of being allotved to go on parole, as the officials report it, they zverc released by
*hc forcible interz'cniion of officers of the Nish garrison. The Vienna correspondent of the Chronicle sends a statement similar to the foregoing. .
ASSASSINS ATTEMPT THE LIFE OF KINO PETER OF SERVIA
WHILE HE IS DRIVING THROUGH THE GARRISON TOWN OF NISH
Continued on Page 3, Column 3.
PARIS, Sept. 6.— Premier Combes has
suppressed the salary of Bishop Andri«->u
of Marseilles because of a violently word
ed ' circular Issued by the Bishop to "the
clergy of his diocese, denouncing the au
thorities, and also on account of a recent
demonstration In the cathedral at Mar
seilles on the occasion of a visit from the
Bishop of Nancy; whose salary had been
previously-suppressed by the Government.
Premier Combes Punishes Him for
Issuing a Violently Worded
Circular to the Clergy.
BISHOP OF MARSEILLES
IS TO LOSE HIS SALARY
The guard who did the shootingis said
to be Private Price, also, of the Second
Company. ., It is said- that an officer or
dered Private Price to fire a blank cart
ridge at Bryson •¦ and others, who Were
cutting up pranks at the rear of the mess
house wjiile, dinner was being served/rand
that Price 'had misunderstood and slipped
a loaded shell into his piece and fired, at
Bryson.'- The ball passed, through Bry
son's body, killing him instantly. " !
•While ;on guard the soldiers carry -five
rounds of' blank ammunition' and 'five
rounds of loaded; cartridges. -It is claimed
that. Price got r hold*of a.' loaded' shell r in
mistake for a blank. He is under ar
rest pending' an investigation." '
NEW LONDON. Conn., Sept. . 6.—Ser
geant L. G. Bryson of the Second Com
pany, Coast Artillery, \ stationed ' at Fort
H. G. Wright, Fisher's Island, who was
killed at the post yesterday' afternoon,
was shot by a sentry who had been "or
dered to place him under arrest for creat
ing a disturbance. , Further Information is
refused by the officer at the fort.
Bryson is a native of Colorado and his
relatives have been telegraphed to by r the
military authorities to ascertain what dis
position they wish] made of the remains.
Representative Alexander has! also
been in ' communication with i .Assistant
Secretary Keep of the Treasury Depart
ment. One of the results of .this is that
the officers of • the United • States boat
Fessenden have been notified by the
Treasury ' Department to report at anoth
er hearing if their presence shall be de
sired. The Fessenden was recently dis
mantled and sent through* the Canadian
canals to the coast.
- An. effort will be made to have the Im
aginary- "line : between Canadian ' and
American \ . waters , ' marked . by , buoys.
American fishermen claim- that the Cana
dian patrol boats, arbitrarily declare the
location 7 of 'the boundary in midlake and
seize their vessels when the exact loca
tion'' of -the' divldine line is in' doubt.
BUFFALO, Sept. 6.— The State Depart
ment in Washington has informed Rep
resentative Alexander that the depart
ment has authorized the Consul General
of the United States In Canada to retain
counsel in the case of the fishing tug
Kitty D, seized oft Dunkirk, in Lake
Erie, by the Canadian boat Petrel a few
months ago.
LOADED CARTRIDGE
INSTEAD OF BLANK
IN SENTRY'S RIFLE
SEIZURES ON LAKE
ERIE BY CANADIANS
STIR WASHINGTON
Continued on Page 3, Column 2.
WASHINGTON. Sept. €.— Anxious over
the reports which have reached Wash
ington that the delegates from the de
partment of Panama have withdrawn
from the sessions of the Colombian Con-
Bress in Bogota, Dr. Thomas Herran, the
acting Minister of Colombia here, to-day
telegraphed to the Governor of Panama
for information on the subject. Dr. Her
rsn liscredits the report, as the advices
Withdrawal of Panama's Congress
men Causes Alarm.
MAY j?RESAGE SECESSION.
GRIEVANCES OF PANAMA.
Stormy Session of Bogota House of
Representatives.
PANAMA. Sept. 6.— General Hernandez,
ex-President of Panama, who was spoken
of some time ago as a possible presiden
tial candidate, has been offered a Euro
pean legation. It Is said the Government
is anxious to send him out of the country
and thus' keep him out of the presiden
tial contest.
Bogota advices say a stormy f=essicn
wae recently held in the House of Rep
resentatives, when the scandalous pro
ceedings arising out of the erratic con
duct cf General Cobos on July 23 came
up for discussion. The representative for
the Department of Panama complained
bitterly that the isthmus was being ex
ploited as a colony and that all the high
officials were appointed from other de
partments. Ricardo Arango being the only
Governor appointed from the isthmus
Fince 1SSZ.
It is believed here that It was the fear
nl a secession movement which led to the
appointment of Senor Obaldia as Govern
or of Panama with, it is said, power to
negotiate on the canal Question.
General Sarria. who has been appointed
military Governor of Panama, is an
isthmian at heart, having lived twenty
years in Panama.
Fire Destroys a French Village.
CHAMBERY, France, Sept. 6. -The vil
lage of Labise was destroyed 1 by fire on
Saturday afternoon. Three women were
severely burned
| The survivors of the Hungarian steamer
VaRkaou. 1 which - was destroyed In the
The interior of most of the embassies
here are guarded by armed soldiers from
their respective guardships. The Ger
man embassy, in the absence of its guard
ship, the Loreley, which is cruising in the
Black Sea, is guarded by Turkish sol
diers.
It is declared also that the charges made
by Chekib Bey against the American
missionaries of inciting ;he Armenians
against the Mussulmans are unfounded.
. There has been a heavy fall in Turkish
securities during the past two days on
the rumor that the Turkish troops had
crossed the Bulgarian frontier, j
United States Minister Lelshman is not
taking any steps regarding the attempt
upon Vice Consul Magelssen at Beirut,
but Is quietly awaiting developments on
the part of the Porte.
Referring to the declarations made by
Cheklb Bey, the Turkish Minister in
Washington, in an interview with him on
August 29, " which has been cabled here,
it. Is pointed out in Constantinople that
the Porte would have obviated all the
present disagreement between the United
States and Turkey had it executed its en
gagement made last year, and, therefore,
the Ottoman Government . is alone blam
able for the present relations between the
two countries.
great rigor. Every Bulgarian
village furnishing recruits to the insur
gents has been bombarded and destroyed,
the inhabitants being given barely time
to escape. In the vilayet of Monastir equal
severity is shown. One pasha told his
troops that the booty belonged to them
and the honor to him. As a result the
troops are pillaging even the villages
which remain neutral.
CONSTANTINOPLE, Sept. 6.—
ff 'Private, ad /ices from Adrian-
B> oplc report that the troops in
Ml' V the Kirk Kilisseh district are
treating the inhabitants with
SOFIA, Bulgaria, Sept. 6L— According to
reliable reports from Varna, at the recent
council of ministers, presided over by
Prince Ferdinand at the palace of Euxi
nograd, it was resolved that Bulgaria
should continue to maintain an attitude
of the strictest neutrality in the Macedo
nian question, and, further, that the most
stringent measures should be adopted to
prevent anything likely to cause a dis
turbance in Bulgaria's relations with Tur
key.
The war minister is reported to have
spoken stronglyln the council against any
thought of Bulgaria declaring war on Tur
key: first on account of the enormous ex
penditure that such a war would in
volve, and, secondly, because the great
powers would never Dcrmit Bulgaria to
reap the advantage if she -were victorious.
Should Turkey attack Bulgaria, declared
the minister, the present army could holil
the Turks in check for the first few days,
while the entire Bulgarian army could ba
to Resist the Turk.
Nevertheless Bulgaria Is Prepared
Black Sea on September 1 by explosions
attributed to the Bulgarian revolutionists
while on her way from Varna. Bulgaria,
to Constantinople, say that the explosions
occurred on board the steamer at 4
o'clock last Tuesday morning. Two dy
namite bombs were thrown by men sup
posed to have embarked at Varna, one In
the stokehold and the other under the
bridge. The whole bridge, with the cap
tain and the two mates, was blown off.
while the stokehole was wrecked and an
apprentice killed.
The explosions were followed by an out
break of fire in the forehold. Altogether
fifteen persons lost their lives, but all of
the engineers and most of the passengers
were saved. The crew behaved with
great gallantry.
;,-:„ • , '»
HOPES TO AVERT WAR.
Sultan's Jtrtillery Bombards Even Neutral
Towns and in Vilayet of Monastlr One
Pasha Openly Urges Men to Loot
SCENES IN THE MACEDONIAN UPLANDS AND IN CONSTANTINOPLE.
"WHERE EXTRAORDINARY PRECAUTIONS ARE BEING TAKEN TO
PROTECT FOREIGN DIPLOMATS AGAINST ASSASSINATION.
The fact is commented on by the officers
that prior to the death of Mrs. Green a
widow from Forbestown. in Butte County,
lived at the home of the Greens for a
long time and left there just before the
wife's death. For a few days she re
mained at Paraiso Springs and then re
turned to Watsonville. She has since
been living at Green's residence.
The "sweating" of Green was concluded
late this afternoon and no effort was
made to detain him. District Attorney
Knight said to-night that the evidence is
not conclusive enough to justify a crimi
nal charge, but he thinks the results of
the inquiry which will be continued to
morrow will furnish a basis upon which
to rest such a charge and enable the
officers to make an arrest. The case has
assumed a most sensational aspect, and
the development of the investigation is
being eagerly watched.
To the inquisitors Green said that on
last Thursday night his wife had retired
about an hour after he did, and he con
jectured that she had left the gas jet
open after having first extinguished the
light. He related that he awakened some
hours later and discovered the room full
of gas. The theory of the ofliccrs is that
It was not Mrs. Green who allowed the
gas to escape.
Mrs. Green had lived here a number of
ytars and had by thrift acquired a com
tortable fortune. About three years ago
she surprised her friends by marrying
Green, who had but a short time before
come to Watsonville. She was 67 years
old when she died. During her residence
here she had devoted some time to liter
ary work and was considered a writer of
more than ordinary ability.
The officers state that Green had been
married four tjmes before he met the
.woman whose sudden death Is now being
Investigated. Efforts are being made to
ascertain precisely what caused the
deaths of the first, second and third
wives. It is said by the authorities that
some mystery attached to the passing of
these women. The fourth wife obtained a
divorce and Is now living at Morgan HH1.
PROSPECT OF ARREST.
The result of the investigation by these
officials has not been completely made
known, but they declare that they have
found much data of a sensational nature
and have hopes that the evidence will
warrant an arrest to-morrow. Green, the
husband of the woman, has undergone a
severe "sweating" process, during which
the officers obtained from him a state
ment of minutest detail concerning every
incident before and after Mrs. Green was
killed by monoxide poisoning.
STORY OF HUSBAND.
WATSONVILLE, Sept. 6.— Sheriff Tras
ton. District Attorney Knight and the
Chief of Police w*ere engaged all of yes
terday and a considerable part of to-day
in probing what they believe are sus
picious circumstances surrounding the
death last Thursday night of Mrs. Elvira
Scales Green, an aunt of Bill Nye, the
famous humorist.
Special Dispatch to The Call
Mrs. Elvira Scales Green, an
aunt of Bill Nye, died at her home
in Watsonville last Thursday
night, supposedly from asphyxia
tion by illuminating gas. She was
a woman of considerable means
and three years before had mar
ried R. Green, a comparative
stranger, ¦who four times before
had entered the matrimonial state.
The authorities suspect that Mrs.
Green was murdered, and the hus
band is being closely examined.
The causes of the deaths of three
of his jj early ¦..wives arc . being
probed. The District Attorney
believes- that enough evidence
may be obtained to-day to war
rant an arrest.
NEW YORK, Sept. 6.— The train bear
ing President Roosevelt and party
reached Richmond Hill. L. I., a little
ahead of time, but was held there ten
minutes awaiting the coming of Jacob A.
Rils, who is to accompany the President
to Syracuse. Long Island City was
reached at 9:55 p. m. and the travelers
were brought into Manhattan by a boat
of the Thirty-fourth-street ferry line.
Here the President- was met by Police
Commissioner Francis V. Greene, with
four "plain clothes" men, among whom
President Roosevelt recognized Sergeant
Edward J. Bourke, whom he recalled for
his efficiency in enforcing the excise law
while Mr. Roosevelt was at the head of
the New York Police Board, and later as
a member of the Rough Riders in Cuba.
The President greeted Sergeant Bourke
cordially and spoke in high commenda
tion of the officer's work as it had come
under his observation.
Carriages conveyed President Roose
velt and the others of his party across
the city to the Christopher-street ferry.
'x»iere being time to spare, Instead of go
ing directly across the North River to the
Delaware, La cka wanna and Western
Railroad station, the boat was headed up
stream for some distance, all enjoying
the ride on the river. The Presidential
train pulled out of the station at 11:45.
OYSTER BAY, L. I., Sept. 6.— President
Roosevelt left at 9 o'clock for Syracuse,
N. Y., where to-morrow he will open for
mally the New York State Fair and de
liver a i-.abor day address. Shortly be
fore 9 o'clock the President arrived at the
station in one of his own carriages from
Sagamore Hill. A ' t goodly crowd of
townspeople had assembled at the station
to see him depart and wish him a suc
cessful Journey. He was cheered as he
passed along the station platform and in
response he lifted his hat, greetlnjr two
or three of his acquaintances cordially.
The train on which he traveled to Long
Island City was a Long Island Railroad
special consisting of two cars— President
Baldwin's private car and a combination
car. The President was accompanied by
Secretary Loeb, several members of the
executive force, representatives of the
press associations and four secret service
officers.
ARRIVAL IN NEW YORK.
STARTS FROM OYSTER BAY.
During his ride. thr^u^h^ tj^^gf^ p,^
this" city' the crowds wilT be kept back
from the curbstone and detectives will
carefully watch the throngs in the vicinity
of starting and stopping points. Even
those in the windows along the route of
the procession will be under surveillance.
Unless the President strongly objects the
stand at the Fair Grounds, where he is
to review the parade of the National As
sociation of Letter Carriers, and which is
to be surrounded by a high wire fence,
will mark the limits within which no one
not personally known to his escort will be
allowed to appear. This will keep the
crowd 100 feet distant on each side.
SYRACUSE, N. Y., Sept. 6.— Guarded as
no other President in the United States
ever was guarded in times of peace or
war. Theodore Roosevelt Is to be hedged
about while in. this city to-morrow.
Never for a moment will there be less
than 100 armed protectors around him.
The populace will be kept at a distance.
The elaborate precautions, taken include
the constant attendance of the usual body
guard of secret service men and detectives
from Washington, whose numbers have
been greatly increased; a company of Na
tional Guard and one hundred local po
licemen, making at least' 300 armed men
in all.
Special Dispatch to The Call,
It is probable that the presidential can
didates will be General Rafael Reyes the
Vice President and Jose Manuel Marro
<]uin, the acting President.
Senor Macaro, acting President of \he
Senate, expresses his admiration for the
noble and sincere policy pursued by the
United States and hopes that the canal
will be opened by them. He says he re
grets that he was obliged to oppose the
Hay-Herran treaty as being a violation of
the laws and the constitution, but he will
work strongly for a canal treaty satisfac
tory to both countries. Senor Abaldia,
who has decided to support the canal
treaty, has been appointed Governor of
I'anama. He will leave for ills post to
morrow.
Senator Obaldia, who has been ap
pointed Governor of Panama, left to-day
for his post. He will take with him a
canal plan which, it is said, will satisfy
all. Representative Fabrega also left for
Panama.
Intense excitement has been produced
here by a cablegram reporting the prob
ability of the United States dealing direct
ly with Panama in the canal matter.
BOGOTA, Sept. €.-The canal committee
of Congres has presented a proposed law
ratifying the rejection of the Panama
canal treaty and authorizing the Govern
ment to enter Jnto new negotiation with
the United States. Discussion of this pro
ject, which will take a wide range, will
begin to-morrow. The committee holds
that the rights and concessions acquired
by the French Panama Canal Company
and by the Panama Railroad must be re
spected and cannot be transferred to for
eign Governments or companies until
agreed to by Colombia. It is proposed
that the Colombian Government shall
jruarantec the neutrality of the canal,
wnflc retaining sovereignty. Mixed tri
bunals are provided for and Colombia is
to guarantee and maintain order.
No cables have been received from the
United States relative to the impression
produced there by the rejection of the
treaty. President Marroquin sent to Con
press to-day a special message limiting its
discussion to a few questions, including
that of the canal. Congress is now holding
day and night sessions. «
Special Cable to The Call and New York
Herald. Copyright. 1903. by the New York
Herald Publishing: Company.
Little Republic Would Make
Itself Defender of the
Waterway.
Populace Will Be Kept at
a Distance During
His Visit-
Warrants May Be Issued To-
Day for the Arrest of
a Husband.
Unusual Precautions
Are Being Taken
in Syracuse.
Committee Presents
Plans for a New
Treaty.
Death of Mrs. Green
Investigated by
Officials.
Canal Discussion
Reopened at
Bogota.
Sensational Devel
opments at Wat
sonville.
Small *Army Will
Protect the
President.
COLOMBIANS
INSIST UPON
SOVEREIGNTY
MONOXYDE
POISONING
MYSTERY
BODYGUARD
TO NUMBER
HUNDREDS
TURKISH TROOPS PILLAGE AND BURN
VILLAGES IN BULGARIAN TERRITORY
VOLUME XCIV-XO. 99.
The San Francisco Call.SAX JOSE. Sept. 6.— Everything is
in readiness for Admission day,
and only the arrival of the hosts
of Native Sons and Daughters of
the Golden West is needed to in
augurate the celebration. All the decora
tions are in place to-day, and the local
parlors and citizens of San Jose are
waking to extend a welcome. Large bear
Cags are hung over the principal streets.
Tuesday night will open the celebration.
At that time the various parlors from San
Francisco and Oakland and adjoining
counties will arrive. A bana and the fol
lowing reception committee from the va
rious parlors will be at the depots to
meet the trains: Palo Alto— Ed Younger,
F. H. Benson. Dr. W. A. Gaston and J. A.
t>esirnone; Saji Jose — M. E.^Jrlfflth, J. S.
Williams and Thomas Monahan; Vendome
Parlor, Native Daughters— Mrs. Garcia,
Mrs. Griffith, x Miss Delia McAbee, Miss
Tillie Brohaska, Miss Florence Rock; San
Jose Parlor — Mrs. J. Barboni, Mrs. Llliie
Lawrence. Mrs. Koerber, Mrs. Lizzie Ami
con and Josie Barboni.
There will be a night parade, with ro
man candles and redf.re. and the parlors
will be escorted to their headquarters. A
band concert will be given in St. James
Park. The local headquarters will hold
a reception at Xative Sons' Hall and re
freshments w-ill be served.
Wednesday morning the big Admission
day parade will be hcid. It will be formed
as follows:
Chief cf Police and platoon of officers; trrand
iraiFhal. G. M. Foley; aid. Mayor Schmitz of
i^an Francisco: chief of staff. Ed Younger;
chief aid. H. W. McC*mas; chief of aids. O.
I>. Ktern. The following were selected from the
San Francifeco parlors as aids to the grand
marshal: H. J. Mulcrpvy. J. J. Ryan. John
F. Twomey, L.. Nnnneman, Joteph Kini?. J.
Hammond and Charles J. Turner. Those who
will act a« aids from Oakland, AlameiJa and
licrktley are: J. F. Hanfen. A. T. Sou?a, Dr.
W. J. Emvth*, W. S. C. Schmidt. W. J. Bacus.
\V. J. Brady. Ed Cook, H. Williams. H. C.
fakeborn. . II. Hannake. George Stutt and A.
ISrutner.
Companies A and G. First Regiment, X.
G. C, and Companies I and B, Fifth Regi
ment, N. G. C, will rorm the first
division. The second division will com
prise the Pioneers, Mexican War Veter
ans and the Sons and Daughters of Pio
neers. The other divisions are as follows:
Third division — El Dorado Parlor No. 52,
California Parlor No. 1. drum and bugle corps.
Pacific Parlor No. 10, Mission" Parlor No. «S.
grar.d officer* and officers of the day.
Fourth division — El Dorado Drum Corps. Ala
meja Parlor No. 47, San Francisco Parlor No.
45>. Oakland Parlor No. r-O. Jn tailyho coaches,
eix-in-hand, escorting Governor ParJee; Muuni
Tamalpais Parlor No. 64.
Fifth division — Drum corpp (four men). Stan
ford Parlor No. 7»5. Orlnda Parlor. Native
Daughters. No. 56. Ilinccn Parlor No. 72, Hay
C'ltv Parlor No. 104. -.Niantlc Parlor No. 10. 1 ),
Xat:onal Parlor No. llh. Piedmont Parlor No.
I5«- ...
Sixth division — Drum coepg. Hespian Parlor
No. 137, Alcatraz Parlor No. 135. Halcyon Par
lor No. 14B. drum corps. Precita Parlor No. 1P7.
Urookl^n Parlor No. 151. South San Francisco
Parlor* No. 157. F«-a Point Parlor No. 158.
Demonstration Prevented.
S>\-enth division — Drum and drill corps (uni
formed). Captain J. Stand*: Alcalde Parlor No.
154. Santa Clara Parlor No. 1UO, Watsonville
Parlor No. 65. Redwood City-. Presidio Parlor
Vo. 194. Athfn* Parlor No. 11*5. Mountain View
Parlor No. 1115, 1'nlversity Parlor No. 21 C, drum
corps, Sequoia Parlcr No. 100.
Eighth division — Drum corps (sixteen pieces),
Olympia. Parlor No. 180. Minerva Parlor, N. D.
<i W.. No. 2; drum corpc: Mart-hall Parlor. N.
F. O TV\. No. 2C2: San Jose Parlor, N. D. G.
Y\\: Vendome Parlor. N. I). O. W.
Ninth division — Bugle corps. Army and Navy
Parlor No. 2f>7. Doloree parlor No. 20fi, Derkeley
Parlor No. 210. Twin Peaks Parlor No. 214,
drnm and fife corps. El Capltan Parlrr No. 222.
Tpnth <ll\1*lf>n — Band. Ban Jose Parlor No.
22. Palo Alto Parlor No. f-2, drum corpa, Ob
eervatory Parlor No. 177.
Literary exercises will follow In the
park. The Hon. L. F. Bylngton will be
ROME. Sept. 6.— The police ¦ forbade a
public coxnm^moratlon of the death of
the Italian philosopher Bovie, which the
extreme parties had arranged to hold to
diy, as they believed that It was intend
ed to convert it Jnto a demonstration
against the cornier visit of the Czar to
Rome. The troops were kept In readiness
in case of disorders, but nothing hap
pened to call for their Intervention. Tho
extremists have decided to hold the com
memoration next Sunday in spite of the
police prohibition.
The pood effects of Koenigsteln's Red
Eaive lor skin complaints are apparent at
once upca its use. •
president of the day. David M. Burnett
of this city will deliver the address of
welcome. Grand President H. R. Mc-
Noble will deliver the oration. In the
8fternoon and evening of Admission day
the various parlors will keep' open house
and entertain. About midnight the par
lors will depart for their homes. :'•¦ • V
PROMINENT MEMBERS OF COMMITTEES IN SAN JOSE, WHERE A HOST OF NATIVE SONS AND DAUGHTERS
WILL GATHER ON WEDNESDAY TO CELEBRATE WITH A PARADE AND LITERARY EXERCISES THE
NATAL DAY OF THE STATE OF CALIFORNIA.
' The excursion via Southern Pacific, arranged
for - September IT, will show ths wondprful
canyon In the golden light of autumn. Thou
sands have seen the valley this season and
another thousand should Bee It when/ as now,
the air is like rich old wine. The rate, #48 50.
includes fare both ways, sleeping car, stage,
hotel, carrlaee-ride in the'valley, horses, and
guides for Mirror Lake, Vernal and Nevada
falls and Glacier Point. The big trees are In
cluded in the-'trlp. Itinerary at Information
Bureau. «13 Madiet street.. -' .¦¦.*. ¦ .'. •
¦¦ :. ... jtft.it/- " «.*»~'/l ' / ?* -i,- ¦«»>'*¦ - " ' ' '¦
Great Opportunity to See Yosemite at
' -Small Cost.
The Great Northern Coal and Coke
Company, recently oiganized with a capi
talization of $10,000,000 owns 500,000 acres of
coal lands in that region and is said to
be promoting the new railway. It is pro
posed to ship this coal by rail as well as
down the Big Sandy and Ohio rivers, as
has been done for years. It is said that
the Great Northern Coal and the Pitts
burg Coal companies will then control the
coal trade from Pennsylvania and all
States along the Ohio River to New Or
leans. Large elevators and tipples are to
be erected at Maysville for transferring
coal into barges for the trade along the
Ohio and the Mississippi valleys. The
Great Northern will have its land and
railway headquarters in New York, its
shipping headquarters at Maysville and
its selling headquarters at Cincinnati.
CINCINNATI, Sept. 6.-A mortgage to
secure bonds on a new railway from Co
lumbus, Ohio, to Maysville, Ky.,\ to
connect Cast and West trunk lines In the
North with the Chesapeake and Ohio, the
Louisville and Nashville and other South
ern lines, was recorded yesterday and to
day it is announced that this new line will
also extend ninety miles from Maysville,
Ky.. through Jackson, Pike, Floyd and
Martin counties In Kentucky, so as to
form an outlet to the coal fields on the
west side of Big Sandy River.
COKE AND COAL COMPANY
IS BACKING NEW BAILWAY
Americans were not appreciably- affected
by the advance in the bank ratp owing to
the strong position of the associated
banks and the favorable reception given
to Secretary Shaw's currency proposals.
Turkish securities were flat. •
Bulgarians showed little change. Sliver
mines and Canadians were strong *and ac
tive. . . • ¦ --.-
LONDON, Sept. 6.— The rise in the bank
rate last week depressed all investment
stocks and home railways and the week's
business on the stock market was again
of the smallest proportions. The condi
tion of the money market inspires anxiety,
as it is feared that the heavy demands
from Egypt and the United States may
compel the bank to adopt a 5 per cent
rate before the year is out.
Secretary Shaw's Currency Proposals
Well Beceived and American
! ¦' Securities Remain Finn.
ADVANCE IN BANK BATES
WEAKENS LONDON MARKET
The two men met yesterday. *
"Why don't you marry the woman?"
Kohlander asked fiercely. "She's not my
wife any. longer."
Hanson Is said to have replied that he
had thought better of It. After more,an
gry words the former husband knocked
Hanson "down and pummeled him.
Mjs. Bohlander and Hanson finally left
the" house In each other's company and
the woman sued for a divorce, which
was granted a week ago.
Paul Bohlander, a labor leader, was liv r
ing happily with his wife In South Chi
cago until three months ago. They had
been married seven years. Lorenz Han
son, a teamster. ..was a close friend of the
husband. His frequent visits Indicated
a growing attachment for Mrs. Bohland
er, a vivacious woman, 30 years old.
Kohlander called his wife and Hanson to
gether and said:
"Minna has always been a good wife,
but if she thinks more of you than she
does of me I am willing, she should' go
with you. She would better get a di
vorce'." . . . *
The divorced wife Is at her former
husB&nfl'ij house. He is living at a hotel.
The victim of the assault Is In bed.
CHICAGO, Sept. 6.— In South Chicago
lives a man who allowed his -wife to pro
cure a divorce that she might marry an
other. When "the other man refused to
wed her the husband gave him a beating.
Special Dispatch to The Call
The train was made up of five cars and
was pulled S by " locomotive No. 1460. In
charge of Engineer William Dunton.
This locomotive is of the new Atlantic
type, weighing 177,000 pounds. It. is the
most powerful style in service on the Bal
timore and Ohio Railroad. An extra large
water -tank helped . in this performance,
saving stops for water. From Garrett
into. Chicago another locomotive of the
same type 'took, the; train*, On this run a
speed of seventy-six miles an hour wad
reached. \ The performance between Chi
cago. Junction- and Garrett could have
been duplicated had not tne ; train been
blocked by train ahead. This compelled
slowing down- several times. The dis
tance of 131 miles between Garrett, Ind.,
and South Chicago was, however, cov
ered in 153 minutes, making the whole run
of . 259 miles in = 278 minutes. .
CHICAGO, Sept. 6— A new world's rec
ord for -long distance running: was made
by a passenger train, on the Baltimore and
Ohip Railroad early this morning.. A
stretch of 128 miles was covered in 125
minutes. 'No" stops were made. The dis
tance traversed is between Chicago Junc
tion, Ohio, and Garrett, Ind. During the
run a speed -of eighty- five miles an hour
was .reached. This was the maximum..
Bursts of speed at seventy and seventy-,
five miles. an hour were frequent. •
When She Is Rejected He Ad
ministers Beating to
?¦-¦'. His Rival.
Locomotive Used Is of New
Type and Carries Extra
Water "Supply.
Helps Wife to Get Di
vorce in Order to
Remarry.
Traverses a Stretch of
128 Miles in 125
Minutes.
TRAIN SMASHES
WORLD'S RECORD
HUSBAND FAILS
AS CUPID'S ALLY
THE SAN FB AN CISCO CALL, MONDAY, SEPTEMBER 7, 1903.
GARDEN CITY IN GALA GARB
WILL WELCOME NATIVE SONS
2
RAILWAY TEAVEL.
SOUTHERN. PACIFIC
(Mala Line. Foot of Market Street.)
I»atk — Fiom Skptimbib 2. 1903. — a kbit ¦
7.00* Benlcla, Salaun. £lmlrs aad Sacrv
meato 7-25r
7.00a. V»c»TUle, "Winters, Ramior. 7^5*
7.30* Martinez. Sna Bimoo, Vallejo,
Xapa, Calt.itoe«. Sanf»Itos» 8 25r
7.30i Xlles. Llrermore, L3tUrop. Stock-
ton 7.25?
8.00a Datls, Woodland. Knlshu L*a<tiair.
Marrsvllle. OroTll!-, (connects
•tMarytYine for Grldler, li'.ss*
•ndCbico) 7-SSp
8.00a Atlantic Expre»»— Ogaea and Eim. 10.25a
8 0Oa Port Costa. Martinez. Antloch. By-
ron.Tracy, Stoc it ton, sacrsm e n to.
Lot Bano*. Mendota, II aa ford,
Vlsalla. PorterrUlo 4^5,
8.00a Port Cot to, Martinez. Tracy. Lato-
rop, Modesto. Merced. Fresno,
Gosnen Junction, Ilanford, VI-
•all*. Bakenfleld 5.23^
8.30a Shut* Kxpreas— Darla, *i:;i»mi
(for Bartlett Spr!ae»). Wlllovi,
tFruto. Ked PlnS. Portland 7.857
830i KUf «, Ban Jose, Lirennore, Stock-
ton.Ione.Sacramento.Placen'Ula,
MarysTllle. Cnlca, Red Bluff 4.2S»
8.30a OaSdale. Chinese, Jamestown. So-
nor*. Taolnmn- and Angela 425p
9.00a Martinez and Way Swtloot 6 5op
10 00a Vallejo- :..- 12-2i»
10 00a El Pa*o Passengrr. Eastbonnd.—
Port Costa, Martlne*. Byroa.
Tracy, Lathrop, Stockton,
Merced. Raymond. Fresno, Han-
ford. Visalia, Bakertaeld. Los
Angeles and El Paso. fWest-
boand arrives Tla Coatt Line)... O33f
10.00a The Or«rland Limited — Ugdea.
DenTer. Omnha, ChlcaKOu »23»
12 00x Hayward, Niles and Way Stations. S-2Sp
t1 .00r Saersmento Ulrer Steamers tl 1 .OOf
330r Benlcia, Winters, Sacramento,
Woodland. Williams, Coluia. Wtl-
lows. Knights Landing. Marys-
Tllle, OroTtlle and way *tatl»ns.. IO.BSa
3.30p Hayward,5Hle»andWay8Utloas.. 768p
4 COr Martlnez.San tUmon.Tallejo.Kapa,
C'allstopn, Santa It-ja» .!¦»?*
4.00p Martinet. Tracy.Lathrop.Stockton. 10 25*
400p Klles.LlTennore.8tocktOB.Lo4I.. 4.25*
43Cr Hayward. Nlles. IrTiagton, Suit t3.55*
Jose. LtTennore f tl 1.55a
BCOr The Owl Limited— Fresno. Tulare,
BakeriQeld, Loa Angeles 8.35 a
6. 0Op Port Coita. Traoy. Stockton, Lot
Banoa 12.2SP
tS30r Hayward. Nlles and San Jo** 7.25a
6-OOp Hayward. lilies and San Jose 1025a
GOOr Oriental Mall— Oxdcn. Dearer,
Omaha, St. Louie. Chicago and
East. Port Costa, Benicla, Sat-
san, Elmlra, Carts, Sacramento,
r.ocklln. Auburn. Colfai.
Truckee. Boca, litno, W«df
worth, Winneinucca, Battla
Mountain. F.lko 423P
ft.. Reno, Traekee, Sacramento* DaTls,
Suisun, Bcnlcla, Port CosU 7 55 a
B.OOr Yallejo, dally, except Sunday..., 1 7 K5
7.00y Vallejo, Sunday only f /l0Br
7.00r Ean Pablo. Port Costa, Marttnea
andTVay Statlona. 11-25a
8 CSr Oregon * California Express — Sac-
ramento. MarysTllle. Redding.
Portland. Puget Sound and East. 8-55a
9.10? Hayward. SUes and San Jose (Saa-
dayonly) 1T-55*
11.25? Port Costa. Tracy. Lathrop. Mo-
desto. Merced. Raymond (to To- ¦
Semite). Fresno, Ilanford. VI-
sa.Ua. BakcrsCeld 12 23"
COAST LINE <J«arrp«T Uaaf«). -
(Foot of Market Street.)
746a Santa Crm Excursion /Sunday
only) 8-10>
8.15a Newark. CenterTllle. San Joso.
Felton. Bonlaer Creek, Santa
Cruz and Way Stations 8 25P
t2.15r Newark, Centerrllle, San Jose,
New Almaden. Los Oatos.Felton,
Bonlder Creek. Santa Crux and
Principal War Stations 1055a
4-1Sr Newark, San Jo«e, Los Gatoi and
way stations (on Saturday and
Sunday runs through to Santa
Cruz: Monday only from Santa
Crnz). Connects at Felton to
and from Bonlder Cr«rk t3.55 A
OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY.
From SAN FRANCISCO, Foot of Market St. (Slip <)
— tf:» t:00 11:00a.m. 1.00 3.00 6.18 TM.
From OAKLAND. Foot of Broadway — 16:00 i3:00
18:03 10:00 a.m. 12 00 200 400 P.M.
COAST LINE (Broad Ua««-.).
C3T Cffalrd and Town«and Streets.)
6.10a San Jose and Way Stations 8 30p
1700 a San Jose and Way Stations 5 33p
; 7.15a Monterey and Santa Cruz Excur-
! slon (Sunday only) 8 30p
800a New Almaden (Tues., Frld.. only). 4-10'
8 00a Coast Line Limited — StopsonlySaa
'<,.. . Jose. Gllroy (connection for Hol-
] lister), Pajaro. CastroTllle. 8a- -
Unas. San Ardo, Paso Robles, - -
Panta Margarita, Sun Luis Obtspo.
Uuadalupe. Surf (connection for
Lompoc). Santa Barbara, Sangus
and Los Angeles. Connection at
CastroTllle to and from Monterey
andPaciflc Grove 10.45'
8.00a San Jose. Tres Plnos, Capltola,
SantaCrnz.PaclflcOroTe.Sallnaa,
San Lnls Obupo and Principal
Intermediate Stations 4.TO
TO-3Oa Ean Jose and Way Stations 120?
11- 00a Cemetery Passenger— South San
Francisco, San Bruno 1.05?
11 30a Saat* Clara. £an Jose, Los Gatoa
and Way Stations 7-30>
a130r San Jose and Way Stations x 700f
2. COP San Jose and Way Stations 19 40 a
2.30p Cemetery Passenger— South San
Francisco, San Bruno 4.35r
t3.COP Del Monte Express— Santa Clara,
Can Joso, Del Monte, Monterey,
Pacific Grove (connects at Santa
Clara for Santa Crux. Boulder
Creek and Narrow Gauge Points) t1 2-1 5r
3 JOp Pacific Grove and Way Stations—
tiurlingame.San Mateo.Redwood.
Menlo Park. Palo Alto Mayneld,
Mountain View. Lawrence. Sants>
Clara. San Jose, (Gllroy. Ilollla-
ter. Tres Plnos), Pajaro. Watson-
Tllle. Capltola. Santa Cruz. Cas-
troTllle, Salinas 10 45a
4-30p San Joso and Way Stations 8 35*
b COr Ssn Jose. (Tin Santa Clara) Los
(iatos, Wright and Principal Way
Stations (except Sunday) 9 COa
55-3CP San Jose and Principal Way Stations ti.COA
t(.16P £anMateo,Beresford,Belmonv.8aa
Car loi. Ked wood. Fair Oaka, -»¦
Menlo Park. Palo Alto t9.45P
G.IOr San Jose and Way Statlona. 638*
7 COp Sunset Limited, Eastbonnd.— San
Luis Obispo, Santa Barbara, Los
Angeles, Demtng. El Paso. New
Orleans, New York. (Westbound
arrlTcs Tla SxnJosqtitn Valley)... v-8.25a
8. OOP Palo Alto and Way Buttons 10.18*
1 1. 30 p South San Francisco. Mlllbrae,')
Burllngame. San Mateo. Be>
a mont, San Carlo*, Redwood, , a .- '
F»lr Oaks. Menlo Park, Palo ¦ ISJat
Alto. Mayfleld. Mountain View. +«•*»*
Sunnyvale. Lawrence. Santa
Clara and San Jose J
A for .Morn in if. P for Afternoon.
X Saturday and Sunday only. j Sunday only.
t 6tops at ail stations on Sunday,
t Sunday excepted. « Saturday only.
'Via Coast Line. xt Via San J oaquln Valley.
6 R<*no trstn eastbonnd disconttnned.
ry Only trains stopping at Valencia St. ponthboun*
axe«:10 A.M..t7:00A.M,n:COA.M ..8:30 P.M. and kJQr.l,
(g^^^^^)TO SAN RAFAEL
K^^Hp SAN OUENTIN,
MILL VALLEYt
fcfftSwa CAZAD ERO, ETC.
l^^^^^^^y&ll via Sausalito Ferry
WEEk~I>AT&-^Hollday» excepted>— 6:43,
f7:43, 8:45. 0:43, U a. m.. 12:20, n:43. S.U.
4:13. t5:13. "«:W. 6:45> °« 11:43 P- m "
7:45 a- m. train week daya does not run u>
"sCNDATS AND LEGAL HOUDAT9_7.
iS t«»» t*10, 11. tll:3O a. m.. n2-Ui fl.JO.
2::;5, •3:50. 5. 6. 7:S0. 9. 11:45 p. ™-
Trains marked (•) run to San <****"*•
Those marked (t) to Fairfax, except 3:15 p. m.
Saturdays. On Saturdays the 3:15 P. m. train
Tn^M^AFAELTO SAK FHANC^SCO
10^UNDAYS-«:15. 7:35. tS:W. 9A0 »©.».
tll-45 a m.. 12:50. 2:30, |3:23. 4:40. J5:5O.
6-53 7:S5. 10:20 p. m. ir
Tralns marked <t) start from San Quratin-
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRAN-
CISCO— -Week days— 6:45. «:?<>. 7 i 45 -. 5" 2'
9:45. lT:10 a. m.. 12:40, 2:45. 4:13. 5:10. 7:05.
10^UNDAYS-«:35. 7:55. 10, 11:10 a. m.. 12:C3.
105 °-40 3:45. 4:55. 6:05. 7:10. 10:40 p. m.
*•«"• - • THR oUGH TRAINS.
7:45 a. m.. week days— Caxadero and way
stations.
5:15 p. m.. week days (Saturdays excepted)—
Tomalen and way statlotw.
S:15 p. m., Saturdays — Cazadero and way
stations.
Sundays and Lea;al Holidays^ — 9 a. m., Caza-
dero and way stations.
Sundays and Legal Holidays — 10 a. ra., Polat
Reyes and way stations.
TICKET OFFICE— €26 Market at.
FERRY— Foot ot Market at.
MOUNT TAMALPAIS RAILWAY
Leave , Tla Swalilo twrj Arrvvts
SsmFran. ** * HartM a. San Fraa.
W«ki San- TB San- I WccT
»;45a 8:OOa f^sMrW£a Vi-.OOt, 57T5X
l:4Bp »:OOa l?»Sg»Ly lX:OOr 3:3O»
Bslftp IO-.OOa V^£<Sv 3:3Op 5;SOr
fctersjsys salj. tnrs Txnn T 9i30T.smwlJ. : l:3f>r
TICUT t «QA Maxkmt St- (North Store Railroad;
077ICB I aad Sausauto Fkhry Foot aiarkat St.
The Weekly Call
61 pel* Year.
HH^^Tl!. 13 i H &~^ T^ &\ I 13 anc ' ts ssuance answers squarely the question
JL &\ \J V-/ JL V-r X3 iEl/ m\ °f supremacy among the magazines for woman
and the home. In your selection of a magazine
you may choose from two classes — those you need and those you read for recreation— or else you take
THE DELINEATOR and combine both. If the word "necessary" is susceptible of a superlative, THE
DELINEATOR is beyond all question the "most necessary** of all the magazines published for Woman.
4 Nine hundred thousand families proved this to be so laft month'; and each month brings its new
thousands of members into the evergrowing DELINEATOR FAMILY.
Among the fashions it is the "most necessary"' because it is all the fashion magazines in one, with
their mistakes eliminated, their exaggerations corrected, and the really successful novelties stamped with the seal
of authoritative approval, for if it is pictured in THE DELINEATOR it is "good form/* It is equally the "most
necessary" in the Nursery, in the Sewing-Room, in the Kitchen, throughout the whole house and out-of-doors,
in city and in country. The partial list of contents below can only hint at the interest underlying every line.
The Evolution of a Club Woman, by Agnes Surbridge, begins in this number. It is ah autobiography and is the predicted success of the year.
>i J. C. Hemment, the world-famed camera expert, begins one of the most remarkable series of photographic articles ever presented. They relate to his
personal adventures at home and in foreign lands. The Silent Partner, by Lynn Roby Meekins ; A Florida Cracker, by Virginia Frazer Boyle, are
prominent among the fiction features, while the departments are fuller than usual of good things, with especial interest centering in the children's pages.
If the "moSt necessary" of the magazines for Woman is that one which helps most in every hour of "her" day and brings its
pp after-hour of fascinating leisure-reading . when the day is over, then, surely
C^ m? Of your newsdealer, or any Butterick agent at 1 5 cents a copy, or of the publishers, $1 .00 for an entire year.
f THE BUTTERICK PUBLISHING COMPANY. LTD..'l7W«t !3tb Street, New York
ALVEBTISEMENT3.
Dyspepsia
and other stomach trouble*
quickly relieved and in most cases
surely cure\i by the use of
'i&ktt If
This scientific germicide is abso-
lutely harmless: it subdues the
inflammation of the mucous mem-
brane of the stomach, and by re-
moving the cause, effects a cure
Used and recommended by leading phy-
sicians. Take no substitute and sc« that
each bottle bears my signature. Trial size
»l .00, at druggists or by mail, from
61.0 Trine* St. - Hew York
Scndjor BookUt.
\m m ¦¦¦him— «WWMw.^- TTO^ B1|
d visit DR. JORDAN'S great $
OF ANATOMY^
0 © 1531 HASUT8T. Set. 6A47!S,3.r.C:l. A
X ty The Larctst Anatomical Museum in the \
V "jS __ World. Wea!cnes«e* or lay contracted A
' 6»i?i35y di«*a»e p»»ltl»rl j carnl nythr oldest Y
0 It5?al Specialist on the Coatt Est. 36 years. Q
A fl&jg&h OR. JORDAN-DISEASES OF MEN A
\ "^rt^Jfl Coiwultation free and strktly priyatr. \
0 & fcixR Treatment personally or by letter. A B
\ R if SIR "w'"** Cnr«iaeTery cue undertaken. W
d 9 II 1 A Wn - e f->r Book. PBILONUPBY mt A
7 • I I) * a&nlkl.lCK, MAILED FREE. (AT I
> Q ' valuable book for mil) \ '
9 UU JOC.DAN A CO.. 1051 Mftrkft St..S. p. Q
EAILWAY TBAVEL.
The Trip East—
How Shall I Go?
%
That's a question many are asking
themselves just now. Before .you
answer definitely please look into oar •
personally conducted tourist parties
for Omaha, Kansr*3 City, Chicago,
St. Louis and Boston. Through tourist
sleeping cars, and service that you will
thoroughly appreciate.
We like to consider those who
patronize as as our guests and endeavor
to treat them as such. Our sleeping
care are modern, roomy, comfortable.
They have all the conveniences of-a
standard Pullman car at less than half
the expense. Save your money.
Join one of our parties and yon will
have pleasant company and the serv-
ices of a special conductor who goes
1 through with each party.
Kindly drop me a* line if you are
interested.
W. D. SANBORN, Gen'l Agl Burlington Route,
f 631 Market Streef, San Francisco.
842
'
I CALIFORNIA |
I LIMITED TO CHICAGO | j
H leaves Monday* and Thursdays k( ».M a.m. H 1
ffl Through la J days with Din*ri ind all trappings. FJ
|4 Our other trains to at f J
H 7:30**1 1 for Stockton, Fresno, tj
B 1:33am > Bakerafield. Merced. II
H 8:C0pm ) Hanford, Visalia. f f|
H 4:00PM for Stockton. ||
g 8:00PM for Kansas City and Chicago. I j
H Office. 641 Market St., and in Perry I
gg Depot; 1112 Broadway, Oakland. I
II Train* Icavt Marktt Strttt Firry. I, '
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN BY. CO.
LESSEE
SAN FRAKGISGO ANU NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPAHT.
Tiburon Ferry, Foot of Market St.
saw raAircisco to sax kafaei..
AVEEK DAYS— 7:30. 8:00. 9:00, 11:00, a. m.;
12:35, 2:30. 3:40, 5:10. 5:50, 6:30 and 11:30
p. m. .
Saturdays — Extra trip at 1:30 p. m. \
SUNDAYS— T:30. 8:0O. 0:30 11:00 a. m.; 1:30,
2:30, 3:40. 5:10, 6:30. 11:30 p. m.
SAW KAPAEI. TO SAN rBANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— B:05. C:50, 7:35. 7:50. 9-20
11:15 a. m.; 12:30. »2:00, 3:40. 5:00 5:20,
6:25 p. m. .
Saturdays— Extra trip at 1:45 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 6:50. 7::J5 9:20. 11:15 a. m.: 1:43
3:40, 4:50, 5:00, 5:20, 6:10. 0:25 p. m.
'Except Saturdays.
Leave I In Effect | Arrive
San Francisco.! May 3. 1003. |San Francisco.
W>ek I Sun- I Destlna. I Sun- J Week
Days. | daya. | tlon. (days. | Days.
7:30 a| 7:43 a 7:45 a
7:30a 8:00a R:40a 8:40a
8:00a 0:30a Ignaclo. 10:2Oa 10:20a
2:30 p 2:."0p 6:00 p «:2O p
5:10 p 5:10 p 0:20 p ,7:25 d
7225_p - m
7:30 a 7:30 a 7:45 a 7:4s"a
S:OOa 8:00 a Novato. 10:20 a 10:20 a
2:30p 6:30 a Petaluma. 6:20 p 6:20 p
0:10 p 2:30 p and 7:25 p 7:25 p
r 5:10 p Santa Rosa.
7:30 a 7:30 a 10:20 a 10:20 a
8:00a 8:00 a Fulton. 7:25 p 6:20 p
2:30 p 2:30 p 7:25 p
"Windsor. I
7:30 a 7:30 a HeaJdsburg;, 10:20 a 1 10:20 a
Lytton,
2:30 p 2:30 p Geyserville 7:25 p 7:25 p
Cloverdale.
7:30al7:30a! Hopland. 110:20 «|10*>0 a
2:30 p| 2:30 p[ and Uklah. | 7:23 p| 7:25 p
7:30 a| 7:30 a! Wtlllts. I 7:23 p| 7:25 p
8:00 a! 8:00 al Camp Vacation. 110:20 a!lO:20 a
2:30 p| 2:30 p| Guemevllle. | 7:25 pj 6:20 p
8:00a| 8:00a| Sonoma. I 8:40 at .S-40a
5:10 p| 5:10 p| Glen Ellen. | 6:00 pj 6:20 p
7:30 al 7:30 al 110:20 a|10:20 a
2:30 p| 2:30 pi Sebastopol. '[ 7:25 p| 6:20 p
STAGES connect at Green Brae for Sat}
Quentln; at Santa Kosa for "Whit* Sulphur
Spring*; at Fulton for Altrurta and Mark West
Springs; at Lytton for Lytton Springs; at Gey-,
servllle for Skaggs Springs; at Cloverdale for
the Geysers.- Boonev11]« and Greenwood: at
Hopland for Duncan Springs. Highland Springs,
Kelsejrville. Carlsbad Springs, Soda Bay, Lake-
port and Bartlett Springs; at Uklah for Vichy
Springs, Saratoga Springs. Blue Lakes. Laurel
Dell Lake. Witter Springs. Upper Lake. Pomo.
Potter Valley, John Day's, Riverside. L.ierly'3
Bucknell's, Sanhedrin Heights, Hullville. Orr'i
Hot Springs. Halfway House. Comptche. Camp
Steven*. Hopkins. Mendoctno City. Fort Bras*.
"Westport. Usal: at Willlts. for Fort Bragg,
Westport. Sherwood. Cahto, Covello, Layton-
vllle. Cummings. Bell's Springs. Harris. Ol-
sen's. Dyer, - Garberrille, Pepperwood, Scotia
and Eureka.
- Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at
reduced rates. ¦ .
On Sunday — Round-trip tickets to ¦ all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket office. 630 Market street. Chronicla
building.
H. C. WHITING. It X. RYAN.
Gen. Manager. Gen. Fan. Aart.SCENES AT BEN LOMOND IN THE SANTA CRUZ MOUNTAINS. WHERE
THE HARMONIE SINGING SOCIETY OF SAN FRANCISCO IS ENJOY
ITS ANNUAL OUTING AND FESTIVAL.
Continued From Page 1, Column 7.
I from his Government have given no inti
m.ition of such action. The three Sen
j ators from Panama, with one exception
j (and he was bitterly opposed to the
j treaty), and the six members of the
i House of Representatives have assidu
j ously worked for the ratification of the
I treaty. Their defection at this time. Dr.
j Herran realizes, would be a serious blow
j to the prospects for ratification. The one
J Panama Senator who has^pposed the
¦ treaty has never lived in Panama, al
j though being elected to the higher body
¦ ftom that department. The defection of
the Panama delegates. It is suggested
here, might be In the nature of a protest
over the attitude of the opposition to the
treaty, with the possibility of secession
from the National Government.
Dr. Herran still clings to the hope that
a way will be found whereby the present
treaty will be ratified. He lays much
stress on the possibility that the Senate
may agree to a measure to be subse
quently passed by the House, where there
is said to be a majority for the treaty,
giving President Marroquin authority to
negotiate directly an Instrument along
the lines of the present treaty.
LONDON, Sept. 7.— The Dally Mail appeals
this morning for the formation of a British
syndicate to forestall the attempts of an Amei-
Ican company to buy up all the, Dorsetshire and
Devonshire "ball clay" rnlnen with a view to
•fetslning .control or the British pottery trade.
A dispatch to the Daily Chronicle from
Constantinople says the military party la
clamoring for war, but the Sultan still
hesitates. Nevertheless troops are being
massed along the frontier In readiness to
take the field. > • .
Advices ,from Salonlca are that" the au
thorities have received from Constantino
ple orders to prepare lists of the Arme
nians and Servians living In Salonica,
who will be subjected to the strictest po
lice surveillance.
On tho Sultan's fete day the Manfas
clubs. , composed of. the lowest- elements
of Turkish population,' -had made an ''or
ganized preparation to massacre the
LONDON, Sept. 7. — Special dispatches
from Constantinople published here this
morning all concur concerning the grav
ity of the situation and that the warlike
feeling has been increased by the fact
that the Sultan last Friday reviewed and
presented colors. to two new hussar regi
ments recruited from the tribes which
produced the Ottoman dynasty, this be
ing the first time .that the Sultan has
presided at such a ceremony. The Turk
ish papers are making patriotic appeals
to the loyalty and devotion of the nation.
It is said that an infernal machine was
found in the baggage of a Bulgarian pas
senger on the Greek steamer Margarita,
bound from Burgas to Piraeus. The
machine was thrown overboard and the
passenger arrested, -tn consequence of.
the bomb outrage on the steamer Vas
kapu the Austrian Lloyd Steamship Com
pany refuses to take passengers' baggage
between Bulgaria and' Constantinople.
Turkish Troops Are Ready to Pour
Across the Border.
ON THE FRONTIER.
. Reports have reached revolutionary
headquarters here of atrocities by the
Turks in the village of Velmost!. in the
district of Debre. The troops and Bashl
Bazouks are said to have surrounded the
village and part of them entered and be
gan plundering the houses and attacking
the women. The other soldiers remained
outside and killed those lnnabitants'that
tried to escape. The Turks then set fire
to the village In four places, burning
twelve women and children. One child
was hanged. Altogether sixty peasants
A fight Is reported to have taken place
at the village of Vetresko, in the district
of Kumanovo, between a oody of insur
gents and a Turkish battalion. It lasted
four hours and the Turks lost heavily. '
The Autonomye publishes the names of
fifty villages burned by tha Turks in the
following districts: Resen, thirty ' vil
lages; Kostur. fourteen; firushevo, six
and one monastery. The Turks burned
four villages In the district of Strushkop
olis and murdered the priest. The popu
lation fled to the mountains- The Turks
have destroyed all the flour mills in the
district of Rcsen and aleo every church.
As an evidence of Bulgaria's peaceful
intentions, the council decided that upon
the first symptom^ of disorder on the
frontier martial law would be proclaimed
at Burgas, Kostendil, Philippopolis and
Sofia. The ministers expressed the opin
ion that the powers would soon reach the
conviction that the Macedonian question
could not be decided without their inter
vention.
mobilized within three to twelve days.
Bulgaria would never declare war, he
added, but If war were declared against
her she would accept the challenge fear
lessly.
The Daily Mail's correspondent at Mon
astlr, telegraphing under Saturday's date,
says: "There is no doubt that a Turkish
war of extermination is proceeding in the
Okrida district. The massacres of a cen
tury ago are as nothing compared with
those occurring daily in the vilayet of
Monastir. I have obtained substantial
evidence to prove that the Turkish Kiz-
A Varna dispatch to the Times says In
quiry shows that some members of a
Macedonian band, with their baggage and
ammunition, were aboard the stcameY
Vaskapu and this circumstance seems to
indicate that the explosion waa acci
dental. . . ¦ .
Christians, all of the members being pro
vided with a uniform pattern of cudgels,
as was done at the time of the Armenian
massacres in Constantinople. It is sup
posed that the Manfaa were overawed by
the military precautions, as nothing has
occurred.
It Is announced from Gettlnje, Monte
negro, that the Montenegrin Foreign Min
ister, M. Vukovitch, has started for Con
stantinople.
From Athens comes the news that the
Greek Government has been ''officially in
formed that the Grand Vizir has ordered
an investigation of the Krushevo atroci
ties and the punishment of the officers
concerned In them.
The Sofia correspondent ~of the Daily
Telegraph sends an Interview with M.
Tartarscheff, -a member of the Internal
Macedonian revolutionary committee, in
the course of which the latter declared
that the advent of winter would by no
means put an end to the struggle. It
might modify it, but the Macedonians
were in earnest and would not be deterred
by the weather. AVith reference to the
atrocities attributed to the insurgents, M.
Tartarscheff said they might be excus
able, but were certainly explicable by the
Turkish savagery which provoked them.
were killed and their bodies were left ly
ing on the streets.
Continued Prom Page 1, Column 1.
Commits Suicide While in Jail.
PUEBLO, Colo.. Sept. 6.— F. J. Carr. a
shoemaker from Denver, committed sui
cide by hanging himself in the city jail
here to-day. lie had torn a strip from .«,
blanket, which he used as a rope. He
evidently stood on a stool while making
preparations and then kicked the stool
from under him. Carr had been drinking
heavily for the past few days.
Picks a Quarrel and Is Killed.
MIDDLE3BORO. Ky.. Sept. 6.— Marshall
Gray shot ar.d-killed Lee Smith at Nich
olson's mines late last night. Smith was
from Bell County and known as a des
perado. He had picked a quarrel with
Gray and later stabbed Jarse3 Looney.
Then Gray came to Looney's rescue and
shot Smith. Gray fled to the mountains.
VIENNA. Sept. C— The conference of
the Inter-Parliamentary Union for Arbi
tration will open here to-morrow. A ses
sion of the council was held to-day to
consider business. Congressman Richard
Bartholdt, the American delegate, suc
ceeded in securing the next conference
for St. Louis in 1904 tf> be held in connec
tion with the Exposition upon the condi
tion that the invitation be extendei to
the conference by either the Ui;itt?<l
States President or Congress. Barthofut
assured the council that such an Invita
tion was sure to be issued.
St. Louis Secures Next Conference.
COLOMBIANS IHSIST OH SOVEREIGNTY
The condition of Mrs. Griffith to-night Is
far from favorable to early recovery. Fe
ver has developed and she is unable to
obtain much rest. She is nervous and
the slightest noise startles her. Within
forty-eight hours the crisis will have been
reached and it will then be known just
what her chances of recovery are. The
physicians fear meningitis will develop.
"One of the worst disclosures made to
day at Santa Monica was the fact tes
tified to by several witnesses that Colonel
Griffith did not telephone to Los Angeles
for Mrs. Whipple or Dr. Moore, as he
stated that he did. He did not telephone
for any one, Dut ail the telephoning was
done by the clerk under the instructions
of the son. Mrs. Griffith told her son to
telephone for . her sister. Mrs. Whippier
and for the doctor, and the son went to
the office of the hotel, looked up the tel
ephone numbers and waited while the
clerk did the telephoning for him. Grif
fith made no effort to summon assist
ance."
Officers went to Santa Monica to-day
and took the sworn statements of many
persons. Some new witnesses were found
who gave important testimony, but what
it was has, of course, not been disclosed
and will not be until the case reaches the
courts. As to a portion of what has been
discovered Deputy District Attorney
James said to-night:
GRIFFITH DIDN'T 'PHONE.
from idle. Assisted by several detectives,
they claim io be weaving a skein of evi
dence which will convince any jury that
Mrs. Griffith's sworn statement that her
husband shot her deliberately is true and
that he did attempt to murder her. Be
fore the shooting all seemed 6erene In the
Griffith family, but now that Mrs. Grif
fith is lying at death's door there has de
veloped a degree of bitterness between
the two sides of the family which bodes
no good for Griffith in the event he endea
vors to prove his suicide theory, which is
a new feature In the case.
Sundays. Labor day and Admission day offer
pplendid opportunity to \<pend a day In Mill
Valley, Larkspur, Ross Valley. Fairfax cr San
Rafael. Fourteen to eighteen trains daily via
Sauialito ferry. Fare 25c to 60c. round trip.
See the thtrd-ratl electric system. A novelty
and a great eucces*. Ticket office North Shore
R. R.. 620 Market St., S. F.; phone Private
Lx'hd'nge 160. *
A Day in Sunny Marin.
James Bowman, formerly president of
the federation, and J. J. Fitzpatrick. or
ganizer, said that the proceedings of the
meeting and the events that !ed up to
them were a disgrace to union labor in
the United States. Charges of dishonesty
were openly made against several promi
nent labor leaders and recommendations
were made that these men be suspended.
After a stormy session the federation de
cided to adopt a compromise plan and to
appoint a committee to investigate tho
charges arainst the men mentioned.
CHICAGO, Sept. 6.— Following the direct
charge that money thus far collected by
assessment from the various labor unions
of Chicago had been wasted and con
sumed in salaries, the Chicago Federation
of Labor to-day abolished its defense fund
committee after a stormy session, during
which lies were passed, incriminating
charges were made and fisticuffs were
narrowly averted.
Chicago Federation of X^abor Holds a
Stormy Session.
ABOLISHES DEFENSE FUND.
"Not only bribery and corruption are
rampant in every branch of the adminis
tration, but a certain lawlessness is man
ifesting itself among the Moslem element,
which is sure to cause trouble in the fu
ture. The native Christians are op
pressed, but they dare not complain,
while the Europeans no longer enjoy the
security which existed a few years ago.
The house of the Italian Consul was late
ly rifled by burglars, and on August 23
the American Vice Consul waa fired at.
Arrests were made, but it always hap
pens that an innocent man is made to
suffer for the crime."
A letter from Beirut, dated August 29,
describes the condition of affairs there
under the present vali as scandalous. It
says !¦•»¦
The Constantinople correspondent of
the Standard telegraphs that the wedding
story given out by the vail of Beirut as
an explanation of the outrage on United
States Vice Consul Magelssen is proved
to be false, and the Vice Consul's assail
ant is believed to be known. It Is expect
ed that the United States will peremptor
ily demand the dismissal of the vali, who,
continues the correspondent, by common
consent is ruining Beirut. His disgrace
would also strike a blow at the baleful
influence of the Arab Izzet, a palace fa
vorite, whose creature he is.
ams (Turkish regular troops) are in most
case?? committing unheard of atrocities,
which are not solely the .work of the
Bashi Bazouks, as the authorities are
seeking to prove. The plight of the sur
vivors is terrible. Not darmg to leave
their houses, and subsisting on grass and
water, they * resemble people in the last
stages of famine. The Turks are also
losing heavily, judging from the number
of wounded arriving here."
Among the instances he gives in support
of his statement the correspondent re
lates that a priest's son in one village
was flayed alive and kept in this horrible
condition for several days, to the delight
of his tormentors, until a merciful Turk
shot him dead.
No Word from Irishman.
WASHINGTON, Sept. 6.— The adminis
tration is awaiting with some interest re
ports from United States Minister Leish
man at Constantinople and Admiral Cot
ton, commanding the American squadron
in Turkish waters, and whose cruisers,
the Brooklyn and San Francisco, are now
at Beirut, as to the condition of affairs
In their respective localities. Nothing
came from either of them to-day. On
their advices will depend the disposition
of Admiral Cotton's ships— whether they
remain in Turkish waters or to return to
their regular places on the European sta
tion.
M Eubash. John Griffin. George P. Okerly,
CharlfR NIffold. E. Kdfftrom, Frank II. Buck,
Max Dunow. H. Pankow, H. Verone, 11.
Schenk, R. Helkenberg. «'. Miller, M. Saling,
M. Howlnsky, J. Lenz. John Fischer, Otto Turn
Siiden S. Lawpon, H. Plagemann, F. Plage
ma nn, L. Rapp. M. Felchow. Phil Bohr. Charles
Rehn, Fritz Schaefer. George Schaefer, Charles
Y>\p\ A Grothwell. F. Chande. J. Stelner. A.
Alpe'r*. Chris Hanson. Charles Roller, | Frank
Fer.ftel. C. Hock*, J. Wannamacher, < Robart
Grrssen. 51. Schmidt, George Voltz, E. Woenne,
J. Hoer, Henry Huck, M. Sonnenby. G. Haek
fc-l.i, M. Maniuanl, L Appel, L. H»lns. John
Ht-trman, Louts Roesch. F. Darm. Lewis Levy,
Oscar Hocks. J. Augustine, William Sclirocder.
Martin Bauer, F. Attln^er, M. Helner. Profct.-
sor Rigger. Charles I-omhurtz. Fred Vnrath,
H. Schaefer, G. Atarens. Julius Hfuiir. J. Ko
cow, Charles Niffuet. William Knapp. Adam
I^udwlg. L.. G«hrhordt. .T. .M'-tzer, II. Punot. J.
Hichenthal. J. Blngley, M. Entreihardt. J.
Christ. Fritz Miller. H. Goldberg, J. Frisch.
Leo Kaiser. J. Raufcheold. Louis Plagemann,
G. Lamont, Ha-ry Miller, L Livingston. Harry
LivlnKston. A. Furth. Harry Meyer. J. Blumen
thal. H. M. JterKen. Phil KtefVr.
W. Kahn, P. Harder. Henry Knust. Alfred
Kaiser, "William Wankow=ky, Charles Drpscher.
A. Hurke. A. Hermann. Dr. Keck. M. Rrgens
burccr. Georjrr Huck, S. F. .1. Adame, SI. Ro
scnthal, S. Goldstein. It. SrlirnltZ. Dr. Snntero.
X. Fung. F. Metzer. F. Hnltmann. M. Zacha
riaa, M. Franz. Harry Strelllt:.
BULGARIAN VILLAGES ARE PILLAGED
AND BURNED BY TURKISH TROOPS
|-^v EN LOMOND, Sept. 6.— Having
v/ recuperated from last night's
festivities, the members of the
1 » »^ Harmonie Singing Society, who
are enjoying a three days' outing
in the Santa Cruz Mountains, were pre
pared for another strenuous day. The
high jinks held last night will live long in
the annals of the society. It was for
members only, ami the fun was uncon
fined. Max Dunow's clever sketch was
up-to-date and created a great deal of
merriment.
To-day's programme opened with cere
mony. Toasts to absent members were
drunk and then breakfast was served in
the big dining-room. After breakfast the
members gathered in front of the hotel
and made the woods resound with song.
Professor Rigger led the singing, which
was of high order. Luncheon was served
In the open air.
In the afternoon the members took part
in bowling, shooting and swimming con
tests for prizes. The competition was
very keen and the sports afforded great
amusement to onlookers.
During the course of the second ban
quet this evening President Henry Plage
rnann delivered the following definition
of the word ' harmonie":
"The simple utterance of the word 'har
mony' produces a soothing effect. The
sense is complete. The word 'harmonie 1
means much more. Something that ha^i
been accomplished; acting together to a
common end; agreeing in action and feel
ing; living in peace and friendship, as a
harmonious family. This word should be
graven upon every man's heart."
Speeches were also delivered by John
Plagemann, Professor Rigger, Charles Al
pers and others. The evening's entertain
ment consisted of a concert at the hotel.
The Harmonie orchestra, led by Julius
Haug, rendered selections. The concert
lasted until a late hour and was enjoyed
by scores of visitors.
The organization will depart from here
to-morrow afternoon. Every one is hav
ing a cood time and is loth to leave
this charming spot. Among those here
are the following;
W. Storkc, Char!»« Loesch. "William Loo we,
J. C. I'laR^mann. William I'lagomann, R. Mohr,
A. Becker. F. M. Ruck, L. Mayerhofer. Joe
Budde, \\. Rock. E. W. Ar.nstrons. J. Ixrner,
Special Dispatch to The Call,
Colonist rates from the East to CfcHfcrrla
via Southern Paclflc begin September 15 ar. 1
close Xorember 2O. The rate nuUtes It e&ay
for settlers to see the ereat West.
Tell Your Eastern Friends.
MONTEREY, Mexico, Sept. 6.— A fund
for the yellow fever sufferers of Lia
nares. where the disease' is epidemic, has
been started by prominent citizens of
this city. Business has been partially
suspended, and those who are not afflict
ed with the fatal disease are idle, though
not In direct need as yet. Scores of fever
cases have been reported and among the
afflicted are the Mayor and his secretary.
A representative of the Texas health
authorities Is expected to arrive here
next Tuesday to supervise the disinfect
ing of the city and to make another thor
ough investigation, after which. If the
quarantine measures established by the
Monterey authorities against LJanares
and other infected points are found to be
efficacious, the quarantine against Monte
rey will be lifted.
YELLOW FEVER IS K'i'Tl.T.
EPIDEMIC AT LXAJKTABE3
Hillionaire Breaks DowniWhen Sym
pathy Is Extended ; and the
Woman Is Still in a
Critical Condition.
Bad feeling had existed between tha
men for about a year. La3t night ilooro
stayed In town until a very late hour.
His road home led past Iieeve3' home.
Reeves gathers cream from a number of
ranches In his district every morning and
takes It to a Modesto creamery. The
tracks show that shortly after Moore
passed Reeves the latter started down
the road on his daily cream trfp: that
his wagen was driven to the risht side
of the read and past Moore's rig; that
Moore fell from his buggy J'-ist whers
Reeves' rig passed him and after rising
walked a number of steps and fell dead.
In explaining the shots to Charles Swett
and his wife. Reeves said ha had shot
a rabbit. Reeves later -went home and
sent his son to notify another neighbor
that he had found a dead man on tha
road. Then he came to Modesto. Con
stable Davis arrested him when he wa3
nearly home again. Reeves refused to
discuss the crime, except to say that he
had shot his enemy.
MODESTO, Sept. «. — One farmer mur
dered another near this city about day
light this morning. Summers Moore was
killed by I*. P. Reeve*, Moore was shot
twice with a C-califcer rifl«, one «hot
passing throng^ his heart, the other en
tering about an Inch below the right nip
ple and passing throngh the body with
a backward course. When found Moor a
was unarmed, not eren. fca»ins a pocket
knife on his person.
Reeves at first denied' the crime, but
when confronted with Indisputable evi-.
dence confessed to the arresting ofScer,
Constable Davis, that he fired the shorn
that killed his neighbor. Both men have
families-. The dead man leaves a wife
and son. while Reeves has a wife and a.
large family of children.
EpcdaX rrtsrpEtch ts The CaS,
COLONEL IS SURPRISED.
"We will be able to prove that all the
rtatcments which Colonel Griffith made
on the nipht of the shooting were made
to defend his wife. He hap not thought of
himself in this matter at all until forced
to do so by his arrest. The arrest was
as unexpected to him as the shooting
was and he was more surprised that his
¦w-ife should make her accusation of at
tempted murder than he was that she
should shoot herself." *
It is further understood that the de
fense will go back in the history of the
family and attempt to prove that at the
time of the death of Rrls>walter from
blood poiFonin? Mrs. Griffith threatened
to take her life; that suicide had been in
her mind for many pears.
On the other hand the prosecution is far
It was the reaction from the intense
nervous strain under which the man has
l?<?on since Thursday and the after effect
of long-continued drinking, for it is posi
tively known that Colonel- Griffith has
been drinking heavily for many days. In
fact, many* of his peculiar actions since
the yhooting have been attributed by his
friends to drink.
Contrary to the general opinion that
ihe defense will make a clajm of acci
dent, it 5s stated on well-prounded au
thority 'that the defence will claim that
Mrs. Griffith was shot by her own act in
an att«*pt to commit suicide. Colonel
'.riffith would never consent to the insan
ity claim, notwithstanding the fact that
his wife and relatives take that view of
the matter and would be glad to liave
such a verdict rendered by the jury.
"We are not wrfecutTg Colonel Grif
fith," said I. B. Dockweiler. "We simply
feel that he should be incarcerated and
if the jury delivers a verdict of insanity
we will be pleased that he may have the
comforts of a private asylum, but If It
delivers a verdict of attempt to murder
we believe that he should go to jail, and
lastly, if the defense endeavors to prove
that Mrs. Griffith attempted to commit
suicide, in the event of her death within
the next week. I hope that he will hang."
Colonel Griffith has made the claim
from the first that he was attempting to
defend his wife when he made the state
ment at Santa Monica and afterward that
the shooting was" Accidental. Speaking
of this to-day, William H. Knight, secre
tary of Colonel Griffith, said:
LOS. ANGELES. Sept. 6^-Colonel
fith J. Griffith broke down and cried to
day when offered sympathy by a friend.
He epent the day at the residence of Dr.
E. M. Griffith, Sixteenth, and Valencia
streets, and the day proved the hardest
one for him clnco tho shooting of Mrs.
Griffith Thursday night.
A friend of tho colonel called at the
house to extend hi« sympathy and found
h!m lying on a couch on the front porch,
with a litht blanket thrown over him.
Griffith arose and extended his hand with
his ueual cordiality, but. the hand was hot
and feverish and lacked- the energetic grip
which generally accompanies his hand
clasp.
"I have but a moment to stay. Colonel
Griffith." said the friend, "but I want to
know how you are getting on and see if
there is anything I can do for you. No
man vras ever placed in a more terrible
position, and I feel for you. No matter
¦whether you shot your wife or not, no
man can ever make me believe that you
«Jld so with malice aforemought. Tou
have my sympathy, and I pity you from
the bottom of my heart."
Such sympathy' proved too much for
Colonel Griffith, and this strong roan, who
¦was never before known to los^ his com
posure, broke down. His face twitched
as he tried to answer and the cords In
the beck of his nerk moved up and down,
the veins on his forehead swelled, and his
eyes filled with tears. He' cried like a
child. He was apparently suffering
agony, and. placing his Tjand ever his
eyes, he said in broken words:
"I am very tired. I am feverish. I
do not fee! well." and he flovrly turned
and entered the house, assisted by Dr.
Griffith.
PRIEUDS HAVE EXPLANATION".
EpeciaJ Dispatch to Th» Call
Slayer of "**** neighbor First Say* Ha
Was Tiling at Jackiabbltm,
bat Afterward ITakss a
Confession.
Protect Her by First
Story.
, Declares That He Sought to
Two Rifle pallets Cat Short
the Life of an Un
armed Man.
The car from Nashua carrying fifty-four
passengers for Cannobie Lake, a summer
resort, approached the curve a quarter of
a mile west of Pelham Center at terrific
speed, accentuated by a down Rrade. The
cars met on a curve, neither motorman
seeing the approaching car until too late
to avoid a collision. Neither was there
time for the passengers to escape by
jumping- when the cars came together
with a force that threw the westbound
car directly under the '-forward part of
the other, crushing the top of the car
down upon the passengers and pinioning
those occupying the first turee seats in
the wreckage.
Persons who witnessed the collision
stated afterward that it came so unex
pectedly that it seemed some minutes
before the passengers realized what had
happened. All were silent and the pas
sengers made no outcry, appearing dazed
by the shock.
Near the accident were a number of
campers who at once rushed to the scene.
With crowbars and other instruments
the wrecked roofs of the cars were pried
up and the imprisoned passengers re
leased. None of the parsengcrs on the
two cars escaped injury or some sort, al
though a number were not seriously hurt.
Ae the accident took place at some dis
tance from any large .city the injured
were distributed among: tne hospitals of
Lowell'. The accident occurred on the
Hudson, Pelham and Salem division of
the New Hampshire Traction Company's
electrio railway. .
GEORGE C. ANDREWS. 36. Postmas
ter. Hudson, N. H.
SAMUEL MAYS, motorman on the
Nashua car. Hudson.
The accident occurred at a curve on
either side of which were long stretches of
Etraigrht track. The dead as reported up
to 10 o'clock to-nlcht are:
CHARLES H. GILBERT, 30 years,
Nashua.
GABRIEL COLLETT, 25 years, Nashua.
PELHAM, N. H.. Sept 6.-Through a
head-on, collision to-day two electric cars,
each running, it Is said, at a rate of more
than twenty miles an hour, four persons
wer» killed and nineteen were so serious
ly Injured that they are under physicians'
care and several of these are expected to
die. There were seventy passengers on the
two cars and many others received cuts
and minor wounds which did not prevent
their going to their homes. The accident
occurred on the line which runs through
this town between Lowell and Nashua
and one of the care which was coming
from the latter city, was nearly fliled with
people on their way to a summer resort.
The collision was due, according to the
officials of the road, to a misunderstand
ing: of the starter's orders by the motor
man of the car bound for Nashua. The car
Btarter endeavored to rectify this mistake
by shutting oft the power and trying to
recall the Nashua bound car, but it failed.
To-day the former Senator sent for
Mrs. Bradley. She visited him In his of
flce. Goaded to desperation by the insults
heaped upon her by the mmi who sought
to renounce and discard her to save him
self from occupying a cell in the peni
tentiary, Mrs. Bradley declares, she as
saulted Brown diirlnjj the interview. At
taches of the office soon forced the wom
an to desist in her attack, but not before
she had disfigured her enemy to the ex
tent of breaking four of his front teeth.
No arrests were made.
SALT LAKE, Sept- 6.— Former United
States Senator Arthur Brown's notorious
Intrigue with Mrs. Annie Bradley, a scan
dal which extended from New York to
Ban Francisco, terminated to-day in an
encounter In which the Senator cast oft
the- woman, but lost four front teeth »
severing: the relations which have exist
ed between the couple for several years.
Brown's infatuation for Mrs. Bradley
has been a common scandal for
years. Mrs. Brown, who Is a society
wonum, attempted to break off the liaison
and on three occasions had Senator
Brown and Mrs. .Bradley arrested on
criminal charges. Both are now under
bond in these cases. Mrs. Brown de
clared she would break the hold Mrs.
Bradley had on the Senator If it took the
rest of her life. Steadily she has fought
Mrs. Bradley and finally she succeeded
in exacting a promise from Brown to
cast off Mrs. Bradley, under a promise
to dismiss the charges now in court-
Sfifelal Dispatch to The Call.
Colonel Griffith of Los
Angeles Has New
Explanation.
Collision Is Due to a Mis
understanding of the
Starter's Orders.
Erstwhile Statesman Suffers
.-- Loss of Four Teeth in
Encounter.
Farmers Quarrel and
One Is Killed in
Stanislaus.
Four Persons Are Killed
and Nineteen Badly
Injured.
Sensational Sequel to
the Brown-Bradley
Scandal.
SAYS WIFE
MADE EFFORT
AT SUICIDE
ELECTRIC CARS
MEET ON CURVE
WOMAN ATTACKS
FORMER SENATOR
FEUD CEASES
WITH MURDER
ON THE ROAD
THE SA!N FBANCISCO CAI/L. MONDAY, SEPTEMBER 7, 1903.
Outing of the San Francisco Society at, Ben Lomond
Made Interesting by Contests in Bowling, Shooting
and Swimming, With Melodies at All Hours
HARMONIE SINGERS ENJOY
SPORT IN MOUNTAIN WOODS
3
:* ADVERTISEMENTS.
jJ^^^W^^n "A good dinner tkzrptr.s
mii end se/tens the kczrt."
A good rosst is the foundation
"*"" °^ a £ ooc * nncr » Roasts arc
C^iiSW ® jL \ ma<^ c g°°d> delicious and ap-
S|||||k J§g) pctizing if just touched up
with a tcaspoonful of
THE ORIGINAL WORCESTERSHIRE.
I Add it to oyster 8tcws,soups,fish,salads,chop8, pot-au-fcu,
meats hot or cold, game, rarebit, macaroni, etc.
JOHK PUNCAWS gQXS, Agent*, JtZW YORK. \
ADVERTISEMENTS.
, brewstebT
MILUONS
FOR SALE
In Book Form
XT'
ALL BOOK STORES
BUY IT TO-DAY
Extract of lemon, full
strength, is made in this way
oil of lemon, alcohol, jus
enough to cut it. That'r
Schilling's Best.
The usual : Same, add water.
A spoonful makes a teacupful.¦' Lord Roberts, the distinguished British soldier, has
found it necessary to postpone indefinitely his prom
ised visit to us. And we wanted so much to show
him the gilded glories. of that non-combatant element
of our population lovingly known by us as the gen
erals of the National Guard. • The generals will keep,
however, and we can wait, since we must, for the
cominsc o! Lord Roberts. '
San Francisco can probably boaSt of having the
most unique administration of its municipal affairs
of any city in the United States- Butwhile we have
had many startling local laws forced upon us and
many freakish oddities of official duty presented to
us, the latest wonder of bureirucratic detail must be
awarded the palm. A member of the Board of Pub
lic Works has refused to agree to an increase in the
salaries of useless subordinates. .
The new method of sewage disposal by
bacteriaj treatment In a septic tank is
not altogether free from danger. In this
process the sewage is stored !n closed
tanks for a variable period, during which
time it is acted upon and dissolved by the
agency of the bacteria present. Probabiy
marsh gas and other gases are generated,
which become explosive wffen mixed with
oxygen and fired.
Going abroad. Sell below cost best eye
glasses, specs. 15c to 50c. Look out for
81 Fourth St., front of barber. - ; *
Townsend's California glace fruits and
candies. 50c a pound, in artistic flre
etched boxes. A nice present for Eastern
friends. 715 Market st.. above Call bldg. •
Special information supplied daily to
business houses and public men by the
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 230 Cali
fornia street. Telephone Main 1042. •
class of ships. The question then arose
as to the amount of reduction which the
builders were to make. The latter claim
that only about $400,000 should be deduct
ed from the original contract price of the
six ships, while the Navy Department's
estimate ia about $1.500,000. . The variance
in bids on the several ships Identical as
to classes and differing only as to sheath
ing and coppering or unsheathed Is shown
In appended table, the sheathed ships be
ing indicated by* a star:
CONTRACTS FOR BATTLESHIPS.
CONTRACTORS. Name of ship. J Contract, j
Bath Iron Worka ... 'Georgia. ' $•"». .*.!X>. 0C0
Moran Bros *Nebraska. 3.733.0CO
Newport News •Virsrlnla. 3.580.000
; Fore River New Jers«y . 3.405,000
¦ Fore River Rhode Island. 3, 403,000
CONTRACTS FOR ARMORED CRUISERS.
CONTRACTORS. Name of ship. [Contract.
Newport News *West Virginia.. 1 *:j.RS5.00O
Newport News . Maryland. | 3.775.O0O
Cramps' 'Pennsylvania. J :«.S90,00«>
Cramps' Colorado. 1 .1,750.000
Union Iron Works.. •California. 3.KOO.00O
Union Iron Works.. South Dakota. | 3.750. 0C0
Cramps' bid of $3,890,000 for the armored
cruiser Pennsylvania did not include the
cost of coppering, which may be set at
515.OC0, including dockage, making a dif
ference of $155,000 in the contract price of
the sheathed and unsheathed ships. On
the Nebraska the difference was only
$36,600, Fore River estimated the c!ftra
cost of battleships at $150,000 and $175,000
on the armored cruisers, while the New
port News gave the. corresponding figures
at $50,000 and 4110,000.* The Union Iron
Works submitted 150,000 as, the excess in
cost of an armored cruiser sheathed.
The board of construction. com
posed of the bureau Chiefs, were not
agreed on the sheathed ship proposition,
only one member, Chief Constructor
Hichborn, being in favor of It and the
other four vigorously opposing. Mr.
Hichborn. however, carried his point
with the Senate and House, and contracts
were made for the ships as shown In the
tables. On March i, 1901. Hichborn was
retired, having reached the retirement
age of 62 years, and was succeeded by
Bowles, the designer and builder of the
Texas. Bowles does not favor sheathed
ships*, and the board of construction be
ing thus unanimous against this mode of
construction Congress repealed its former
act and the Secretary modified contracts
already entered Into. The question of
cost was one of i the objections raised
against sheathed ships. Hichborn, who
was the only practical shipbuilder on the
board, estimated the extra cost of
sheathing at $141,512 for the battleships
and $128,880 for the armored cruisers. The
other bureau chiefs, not having any per
sonal knowledge on the subject, obtained
estimates from a prominent Philadelphia
shipbuilder, who gave the figures at
$243,750 for battleships and $279,250 for ar
mored cruisers. The board, having ac
cepted and quoted the latter estimates,
must, in all consistency, base its reduc
tions on these figures, and it will be some
what difficult ior the Philadelphia ship-
SOME days ago there came from Europe a story
of a partially successful effort to overcome total
blindness by the use of radium, and shortly
afterward a much more elaborate story was reported
of a similar experiment in New York. The New
York test was said in the early dispatches to have
been completely successful, but later there came re
ports that a good many experts were doubtful of
the genuineness of the test, and it was intimated that
experimenters should be careful in exposing the
more delicate parts of the human body to the power
ful influences of radio activity.
An ; emphatic second is given to the warning by
Thomas A. Edison, who is reported as. saying that
there is danger more harm than good may be
done by the use of radium in the treatment of blind
ness or disease by inexperienced practitioners. Edi
son has had experience, for he has not only suf
fered himself, but has had some of his workmen
severely injured by exposure to the rays. In a recent
I interview he is quoted as saying:
"Besides nearly losing my sight I am suffering ter
ribly from my stomach. The powerful X-rays and
the rays from the radium with which I experimented
have caused big knots to form in my gastric regions
and no physician seems to know exactly what they
?.re. I have consulted many specialists, but they all
admit they are puzzled. I have been- unable to get
any relief because no one can diagnose my case.
This is only an instance of what fluorescents can do
to a man. The rays work in some mysterious way,
and we can't tell what harm they are going to do be
cause we don't know how they will do it."
Benjamin S. Baker in a recent review of some of
the wild expectations which human credulity has built
uoon the 'reports of radium enemies savs: "Radium
RADIUM AS A CURE
The wholesale slaughter of women and children in
the Balkans, both by Turks and revolutionists, places
the savage combatants beyond the pale of human
sympathy. Americans surely can have no other in
terest in the barbaric warfare except a horror of its
unspeakable atrocities and a determined purpose to
protect those who should stand in the shadow of
our flag. Although our consular representative was
not even threatened, the American naval demonstra
tion served as a splendid purpose in showing a readi
ness to guard our own or visit swift vengeance upon
assassins.
Traveling by rail in the Balkans, even under pres
ent conditions, is a pleasure excursion in comparison
to the way they are now. doing things in Montana.
A train proceeded through the State a few days ago
attended by a small army of detectives and protected
by forty horses, saddled and bridled for use, and a
Gatling gun in the baggage car ahead. It is thus
that we pay tribute to .the enterprising genius of our
highwaymen.
One thousand of the troops of the Sultan of Mo
rocco were ambushed a few days ago and slain. And
still we insist that the human race makes its progress
through the world*1n a vastly different manner from
the beasts of the forest. The survival of the fittest
is as stern and as inexorable a law to men as it is to
animals.
The steam trial last week of the cruiser
Cleveland, one of six vessels under con
struction since December, 1SD9, Is rather
disappointing. It was confidently antici
pated that a speed of 17 knots would be
reached, but It fell below 16>,4 as required
by contract. It is possible that with im
proved propellers the speed may be in
creased, but even at 17 knots these ships
do not compare favorably with similar
type3 In the German navy. The latter
have a speed of 22 knots, an advantage
somewhat offset by carrying only ten 4
lnch guns, whereas the American ships
carry ten 5-inch guns, but a difference of
five to six knots is, however, a very im
portant factor.
The Navy Department and shipbuilders
have been struggling for seventeen
months with- the problem determining
the contract cost of three battleships and
three armored cruisers now under con
struction. On December 7, 1900, bids were
opened for building five battleships and
six armored cruisers, and in January and
February following , contracts were
awarded to six successful bidders. Three
of the battleships and three of the ar
mored cruisers were to be wood-sheathed
and coppered, while the remainder were
to be unsheathed. The several bidders
had graded their prices accordingly, vary
ing In their estimates of extra cost of
sheathed and coppered ships from $36,600
to 5175,000. By act of Congress of March
3,. 1901, It was left disgretlonary with the
Secretary of the Navy to have the ves
sels sheathed and coppered, and upon rec
ommendation . of the board of bureau
chiefs and the several contractors, be
consented to the simpler and less costly
THE armored cruiser Pennsylvania,
launched August 22 last at
Cramp's yard. Philadelphia, is the
third vessel in the United States
navy bearing that name. The original
Pennsylvania was a battleship pierced
for 136 guns, and carried sixteen
8-inch and one hundred and four
32 pounders on three decks. The
keel was laid . at the Philadel
phia navy yard in 1822, but the launching
did not take place until July, 1S37, Commo
dore Biddle performing the ceremony of
naming the ship, by breaking a bottle of
grog on the stern as the vessel moved
down the ways. The Pennsylvania was
a giant of those days, with a tonnage of
3241, a lower deck length of 220 feet,~53
feet extreme breadth, her main yard 110
feet In length and a sail area of 18,341
yards. Her total cost was $634,500 and tho
complement of officers and crew 1100. Her
annual expense of commission was I3S2,
432, but barring a few short ( cruises tho
ship had no active service and was util
ized at the Norfolk navy yard as a re
ceiving ship, where she was burned with
other naval vessels April, 1861. The sec
ond Pennsylvania, originally named Ke
wayden, was a screw steamer of 4000 tons
displacement and was built at the Boston
navy yard during the Civil War. The
ship was never launched and was broken
up on the stocks In 1884, realizing about
$15,000 for the old material of hull and
machinery,, upon which nearly $1,000,00.)
had been expended In construction.
To those unfamiliar with the terms
"sheathed" and "unsheathed" ships, th*?
difference may be briefly explained as fol
lows: A sheathed vessel is one on which
the bottom plating Is covered with wood
planking, teak or pine, fastened to the
skin by means of naval brass screw bolts.
This planking after being thoroughly
calked Is covered with felt sheets upon
which copper sheeting, weighing about
eight pounds per square foot, is laid and
fastened to the wood skin with composi
tion nails. The lower half of the stern
and stern post are made of bronze and
great care has to be taken in order to In
sure tight work and preventing access of
water between the planking and the steel
skins, which would set up galvanic action
owing to the copper sheathing, and thua
destroy the steel. This mode of construc
tion Is of course expensive and requires
good workmanship, but If properly done
compensates for the Initial Increased cost
In reducing the coal bills, ability to keep
at sea without freauent docking and
maintaining Its Initial speed, whereas the
unsheathed ship with a painted botftim
rapidly accumulates marine growth,
thereby decreasing its speed and Increas
ing Its coal consumption unless docked
three times a year. The sheathed ship Is
always ready when wanted for the ser
vice it- was built for, while the un
sheathed vessel can only be counted upon
when ju»t out of dock.
builder to explain . the discrepancy be
tween his estimates of $279,230 Jind J155.W0.
DISCREPANCIES IN BUILDERS' FIGURES
AS TO COST OF SHEATHING WARSHIPS
ST. HELENA. Sept. 6.— An interest- |
Ing feature of the Admission day
.celebration In St. Helena will be
the oresence of "Uncle Jack"' York
and wife, who to-morrow will observe
the sixty-second anniversary of their
marriage surrounded by their children,
grandchildren and great-grandchildren.
John York was born in Granger County,
Tennessee, June 15, 1S20, and is a son of
Enoch and Nancy Hill York. When 13 j
years old with his parents he moved to
Warren County, Tennessee, where the
family resided until 1S41. He then emi
grated west and settled in Dade County.
Missouri, where he engaged in farming
until 1S54. On September 5. 1841. he was
married to Lucinda Hudson, a native of
Lafayette County. Missouri.
On .April 15,1545, Mr. York started in
Captain John Grlgsby's company of more
than one hundred men across the plains to
California, arriving at Johnson's Ranch
on October 15. With three other men of
the party he continued his journey to
Napa County, arriving at Calistoga. then
known as the Hot Springs, in November.
He resided in Calistoga until the Bear
Flag war in June 1S46. when for protection
he removed his family to Sonoma.
Lieutenant P.evere. in command of a
Government vessel • at San Francisco,
upon taking command 01 the forces at
Sonoma entrusted York and Sam Kelsey
with the important duty of carrying the
American flag from Sonoma to Sacra
mento and delivering it to Captain Sutter
at his fort, which dut^r- these two brave
young rnpr. faithfully and promptly per
formed. In the fall of 3S48 Mr. York re
turned to hi* ranch at <\illstoera. where
he remained until 1S4S, when upon the dl'
covery of gold he moved his family to
the mines and began operations below
Coloma. He continued there for two
weeks and then proceeded to Hangtown
(Placerville), he mined until Sep
tember, meeting with success, after
which he returned to his Napa County
homo. In 1S-I9 he returne'd to the mines
for about six weeks.
For the past fifty years Mr. and Mrs.
York have resided at their Dresent home
on the outskirts of town and are now en
joying good health In spite of their ad
vanced use and many hardshlDS.
WELL-KNOWN CALIFORNIA PIONEKR AND HIS WIFE WHO TO-DAY WILL CELEBRATE THE SIXTY-SEC
OND ANNIVERSARY OF THEIR MARRIAGE AND WILL PARTICIPATE IN THE PROGRAMME OF FESTIV
ITIES AT ST. HELENA IN HONOR OF THE STATE'S NATAL DAY. /
The great markets all report the influx of large
numbers of buyers, which would not be the case
were business at all dull. The bank clearings show
a loss of 1 1.2 per cent from last year, but all the
important cities except !Cew York and Baltimore ex
hibit gains, running as high as 29.9 per cent at
Chicago. The aggregate clearings, curiously enough,
itand at about the returns of a week ago, being
$1,659,000,000. It will be remembered that there was
a sudden drop in these aggregate clearings during
the preceding week and they have not yet recovered,
though there is no further shrinkage. The failures
for the week were 191, against 200 last year, and
were chiefly confined to small financial institutions
and manufacturers. A good sign was a recovery in
the Chicago provision market toward the close of
the week, buying being larger and of a better quality,
while more confidence in the future of prices was free
ly expressed. The tendency of the provision market
is one of the best indicators for trade we have. An
other good sign was a sudden urgent demand for
wheat for milling purposes all over the country, which
was so marked that on Friday all Western markets
were higher than Chicago. The Hungarian Minis
ter of Agriculture, a recognized authority on the
wheat conditions of the world, estimates that this
year's- crop th'e" world over will fall about 11 per cent
binder that of last year, and he also reports that last
year's supply was all eaten up. If his conclusions
are correct, and there is no reason to doubt them,. a
frjood year in wheat is to be expected and this means
good timts for the farmers for another period.
To summarize: Times are still good; we are con
servative where we were reckless; money is not
strained anywhere; the crops are excellent and bring
ing remunerative prices: manufactories as a rule are
well employed and labor is receiving high wages;
general merchandise markets report the movement of
goods active and there is.no mercantile disturbance
either in Europe or the United States. These con
ditions constitute what Is known as "srood times "
CURRENT conditions in trade continue cheer
ful. The feeling of pessimism throughout the
country, so pronounced during the past few
weeks, and which had begun to unduly affect busi
1 ess. has largely passed away as the country
realizes that there is nothing in sight to get fright
ened over. But conservatism has asserted itself and
st present is the ruling feature all over the land.
There is no longer any perturbation. Wall street
has had its spasm and after the great banking inter
ests had assured the commercial public that condi
tions were sound if only left alone to develop on
normal lines, confidence began to be restored. We
tee now that we overdid it for several years. Dun's I
weekly review of the situation hits it exactly when j
it says: "A startling contrast is shown when com
parison is made with the corresponding week of last
year in trade. Prices were then tending upward in
many branches of industry, new business was coming
forward more rapidly than it had been, and in the
security market all records for activity and high
prices were being surpassed. Later events have
demonstrated that the situation was unhealthy
and speculative excesses have been followed !
by reaction and readjustment. Conservatism
was then the exception; it is now the rule. Pros
pects for steady gains and their maintenance arc
brighter under the present system. Legitimate busi
ness will continue to suffer from speculation and the
high rate for exchange will militate against indus
trial expansion, but in the long run a larger degree
of caution should prove beneficial."
The leading features of the past week were more
favorable crop developments, less talk of a coming
scarcity cf money in the regular fall movement to
supply means tor moving the crops and a visible ex
pansion in fall trade. With the exception of the
cotton and iron industries, the manufacturing lines
report orders sufficient to keep the mills well em
ployed. Lower prices have checked the production
of iron and steel, and a larger crop of cotton than
expected has led to lower prices for this important
product and rendered buyers cautious. Labor strikes
in the woolen industry have lately unsettled that mar
ket here and in the East, but the latter markets
are quoted firm with a demand sufficient to absorb
the output. The footwear factories of New England
are doing very well, though hides and leather are
weak, the latter being kept uncertain by some labor
friction. The West reports a firm lumber market
and the lumber trade of the Pacific Coast is active,
with good prospects for continuing so. Although the
rush season in railroading has only just commenced
there is already talk of car scarcity and congested
traffic at a number of points, and the railway earn
ings show gains of 9.3 per cent over 1902 and 17.4 per
cent over 1901. It must be borne in mind, however,
that increased wages and cost of material cut down
the net earnings considerably from the gross showing.
CONSERVATISM RULES TRADE.
WHILE the attention of the public has been
given with more or less impatience during
the last ten days to reports of the contests
between the two white winged drifting machines off
Sandy Hook, a good many reaWy lively things have
happened and passed unheeded. It' is but right that
some note be made of the more remarkable of these
minor items, for since we live in a mutable world
we should watch the mutations.
Ever since the victory of the reform elements
among the people of New York, the election of
Mayor Low and the retirement of Boss Croker to
England, it has been believed that the Tammany
tiger is sick*; indeed more than once he has been
cartooned as a dying tiger by local artists making
sketches as it were in the very lair of the beast. Well,
last week Tammany had a picnic for a portion, or
rather for a faction, of its braves. What are known
as "Haffen's Jeffersonians," 8000 strong, went for a
feast, and the reports. tell us that they consumed
26,060 ears of corn, 20,000 pounds of beef, 1800 pounds
of butter, 8000 pounds of fish, 10.000 pounds of
chicken. 3000 loaves of bread, 30,000 plates of ice
cream and 26,000 cigars. Without taking the trouble
to figure accurately what was the per capita con
sumption of the braves at that feast, it will be per
ceived they are not sick tigers by any means, nor
are they suffering from anything that tends to a loss
of appetite.
; While Haffen's Jeffersonians were getting away
with everything in signt at the picnic, a Rochester
man was making a still more remarkable record,
though on a different line. He is the father of a fam
ily of nine children. Near him lived a. neighbor with
eleven' children. (He felhin Hove swithhii Neighbor's
wife and she lovingly responded. Thereupon he
eloped with her and took the whole twenty children
along, thus breaking the elopement record and dis
tancing all competitors.
In "dear old London" a man was brought into
court the other day for failing to pay the license
which the city requires of those who keep men em
ployed as household servants. The plea of the ac
cused was that the man was a "housemaid" and did
nothing but housemaid's work. Investigation dis
closed that the housegirl has become so impossible
in London there is an increasing tendency to em
ploy men for such work. The defense was not per
mitted to stand in the courts, but the incident serves
to' show that when women crowd men out of the
shops and factories men can retaliate by invading the
domain of housework and driving the girls from what
was once looked upon as woman's stronghold.
At the recent universal peace convention the com
mittee on platform instead of drawing up a series of
"resolutions" recommended the adoption of a num
ber of doctrines as the "convictions" of the congress.
The change from the customary word has been well
received by those who have paid it any attention. To
declare a conviction that white is black is much more
modest than to "resolve" that white is black, and
since modesty is becoming more and more a charac
teristic of Americans in convention, perhaps the con
ventional word will be eliminated altogether before
the close of the century and we shall have a nation
full of politicians standing by their convictions in
stead of asserting their resolutions.
SOME MINOR NEWb ITEMS
MONDAY SEPTEMBER 7, i9°3
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
FltfftM Atl Communications to WTSM-EA^E. Wo. nagttr.
TELEPHONE.
Ask for THE CALL. The Operator Will Connect
You With the Department Tou Wish.
rCBLICATIOX OFKICB... Market «nd Tblrd, S. F.
EDITORIAL BOOMS 21T to 221 8teve»«o» St.
Delivered by Carriers, 20 Cts. Per Week, 75 Cts.
Per Month. Single Copies 5 Cents.
Tmn» fcr M*I1. Inclu«nr Po»t*c« (Caah With Order): _
DAILY CAJLL <lnelu«inr Sunday), on* year 2'#W»
DAILY CALL (lneludlnr Sunday), « month* •*•*"*
VAXLT CALL— By Btncle Montn -™«
6UNDAT CALL, Ona Tear **Y
WEEKLY CALL, On« Tetr w*""J_l
f I>ally... $8.80 Per Tear Extr*
FOREIGN POSTAGE i Sunday.. 4.15P* Te*x Extra
I Weekly-. 1-<X> p «" Tear *** T *
AU FoitfflBiten are nctborUed to receive
¦nbacrlptlons.
Samp!* cople* will be forwarded when r«jt>e«t«4.
Mall •ubaerlber* In orderln* chaa»e of address «hould be
particular to tfve botn NEW AND OLD ADDRESS In order
to lneur* a prompt and correct compliance with their r»que«t.
OAKLAND OFFICE.
X118 Broadway Telephone Main 1083
BEUKKLEY OFFICB.
21*8 Center Street Telephone TSortb T7
C. GEORGE KROGNESS, Manager Foreign Adver
tising-, Marqnrttr II nil diner. Cblcajro.
(Lodc Dl*Un» Telephone "Central 2«19.")
BB.AXCH OFFICES— B27 Montgomery, corner of Clay, open
txntll t-SO o'clock. 800 Hay*«. open until 9:80 o'clock. 633
McJUlieter open until »:£0 o'clock. «13 Larkln. open until
• •SO o'clock. 1M1 Mission, open until 10 o'clock. 2281
Market, corner Sixteenth, open until 8 o'clock. 10©« Va
>nda. open until 9 o'clock. 106 Eleventh, open until 9
c" clock KE. ecrntr Church and Duncan street*, open
uxsttl 8 o'clock. NW. corner Twenty-second and Kentucky,
open imtil » o'clock. ?200 Flllmore. open until 9 o'clock.
A Michigan man mistook his child for a crow a
few days ago and killed her. It is such incidents as
this that make us wonder why the directors of our
civilization, who have given us^much to protect us
against criminals, have done nothing to guard us
against fools. The silly season has drifted into a
continuous performance in jhe United States.
AMERICA'S great Labor day will be celebrated
this year under the fairest of auspices and
amid the most propitious surroundings. It is
'true that the year has had its struggles and its trials
for labor and for capital alike, the stress and strain of
Strife are felt even at this time in many localities; but
when the conditions of labor are compared with those
of former years the advantage is with the present,
and those who have been earnestly engaged in the
task of advancing the welfare of labor and of bring
ing about a complete harmony between the employer
and the employe can note with satisfaction that much
has been accomplished and that a distinct movement
has been made toward the goal which both the capi
talist and the laborer desire .to reach.
The very fact that such a festival as this is now
observed and honored throughout the Union attests
the advance that has been made in the cause of labor.
The time is not so very far in the past when the
praise given to labor was hardly more than a tribute
of words. Men delighted to recite "labor, labor,
honest labor," but outside of oratory', poetry and ser
mons there was but little recognition of the import
ant part the worker occupies in the social organism.
To-day the tribute which will be paid to the workers
will be sincere and earnest. The statesman as well
as the politician, the student of sociology as well as
the demagogue, now recognizes the power of the
workers and honors it as one of the most potent of
the social forces that are slowly but surely develop
ing a new civilization that will be better than the old.
The onward march of humanity must be always ac
companied by more or less of strife, for we live in a
world where the equilibrium of things is maintained
by the balance of mutually opposing forces. Where
the advance is made through the medium of human
energy, there must also be errors and blunders as
well as conflicts, for to err is human. It would
therefore be absurd to review our industrial march
without taking note of the fact that there have been
mistakes committed both by those who uphold and
those who oppose the activities of organized labor.
Conceding the occurrence of such errors we can,
however, note with satisfaction that the sound
common sense of our people has been able to correct
errors when once they have been clearly seen to be
errors, and consequently each year sees us as a peo
ple nearer to the attainment of a fair degree of har
mony in the social order, so that progress can go on
more swiftly and more safely than in the past.
It needs but little familiarity with the history of,
American labor to see that however serious may be
the evils that still harass our industries, affairs on
the whole are vastly better than they were in the days
of our fathers. Labor in the America of to-day is
not only better paid, better fed, better clothed, bet-
I ter housed and better provided with all forms of ma
| terial good than it ever was before, but it is also
better educated, better trained, better inspired and,
better led. The men who are now presiding over
some of the greater labor organizations are men of
first-class ability and of the highest character. Amer
ica can. and docs, point to them with as much pride
as she feels in her greatest statesmen or her fore
most captains of industry. They and the masses of
the workers who support them are genuine Ameri
cans in heart and hand and bfain, and on this their
festal day the applause of the whole people will be
with them because the sympathies of the people are
with the cause they represent and serve.
In a special degree this year has been a year of
successful labor and industrial achievement. The
ringing music of shop and forge, of mill and engine,
has been continuous from the beginning to the close
of every working day all over the land. In our own
State and in our own city the outward evidences of
the tireless energy of the workers are to be seen in
the marvelous array of new buildings that adorn our
streets and in the preparations now under way for
other buildings yet to be erected. It is probable
that a greater amount of structural work has been
done in America this year than in any other land,
or in any previous year in the history of this land.
When so many new offices, factories, shops, stores,
hotels, churches, schools, homes and edifices. of all
kinds are demanded to supply the growing needs of
the people, we may be sure that all lines of industry
are prosperous, and that the workers have been doing
their full duty to their country and to the world.
Such being the case a labor festival is in order. If
there were no such day already appointed it would
have been proper to make one this year to fit the
present good of the social order and to hail the
promise of greater good to come. So to-day all
classes of Americans will remember that they are
workers and join most cordially in the celebration
of our national Labor day.
LABOR'S GREAT DAY.
has a powerful effect in causing substances on which
its radiations fall to become radio active in their
turn. This result was notably shown throughout
BecquereFs experiments, the metal fittings of his lab
oratory acquiring a strong induced radio activity. The
effect on Becquerel's own body was so pronounced
that for days after some of his more prolonged tests
of radium he could not go near his delicate electrical
measuring instruments without their showing the dis
turbing influences of the induced radiations from
him. Such action has been commonly noted by those
who have used X-ray machines for various purposes."
The object of those who are giving these words of
warning 'is not to discourage experiment, but to im
press upon rash experimenters the need of great
caution in applying the strange force to the human
system. It appears that the same force that improves
one man may injure another. Edison tells of a case
in which the X-ray acted as a curative to the person
to whom it was applied, but so injuriously affected
Edison's assistant who handled the rays that he has
lost one arm and is in danger oL losing the other.
Such. being the results thus far noted it is evident
that it will be well to proceed slowly with radium as
a curative force until something more is known of
the method of its work and its effects on the\ human
system. ¦".-"
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, SEPTEMBER 7, 1903.
TWO INTERESTING FIGURES
AT ST. HELENA'S CELEBRATION
4
THE CALL'S
GREAT ATLAS OFFER
Will close on September 24,,
1903, and all holders of Atlas
Coupons are requested to pre-
sent them Immediately, as thi*.
great opportunity to secure ona
of these splendid Atlases at The.
Call's premium rates will b«
brought to a close on Septem-
ber 24.Ringling Bros. V Great Show Tent Is Erected by Army of
Skilled Workmen, Gages Are Arranged in Menagerie
and All Is in Readiness for the First Performance
CIRCUS HOUSE OF CANVAS
GOES UP IN AN AFTERNOON
On account of this being Labor day, the
parade will be postponed until to-morrow
morning.
trying with all their might to fraternize
with the lions, tigers and bears. With
the good fortune that often attends haz
ardous enterprises, none of -them left a
leg or ¦ arm to the beasts as a memento,
although in their eagerness -they gave
every opportunity for being bereft of such
appendages. Perhaps the lions will not
bite good little girls and boys. -
Policemen ¦ guarded the entrances
to Che big lot and /good, naturedly turned
back the curious, large and small. De
spite their efforts many gained entrance
and stumbled around in the canvasmen's
way until overwhelmed by a torrent of
lurid personalities. On Twelfth street a
multitude or urchins gazed through an
opening in the fence and dreamed of that
high day when they would become canvas
men and be allowed the glorious privilege
of dragging on the ropes under the en
couragement of strenuous bosses.''
All night the work went on under the
flare of gasoline torches. Rings were
banked up under the canvas and the cages
of animals drawn into the menagerie. Be
fore daylight everything was in readiness
for the opening performance this after
noon.
"^CHICO, Sept. 6.— The first cry of halt to
tho encroachments of dredgres In the fa
mous Oroville gold dredging district has
been uttered in the way of a suit by Ella
N. Frlesleben against the Indicna Gold
Dredging and Mining Company, whereby
the plaintiff seeks to have a permanent
injunction issued to restrain the dredging
company from dredging a small tract of
land in the Oroville Jewish cemetery.
An agreement had been reached be
tween certain persons connected with the
cemetery and the dredgtng company,
whereby the latter was to be allowed to
dredge through the cemetery. The re
mains of several members of the Friesle
ben family are resting in that cemetery
and the plaintiff, who Is amply able to
sustain a legal battle, proposes to pro
tect their resting place.
"Woman Brings Suit for an Injunction
Against an Oroville
Company.
OBJECTS TO DREDGING
NEAB RELATIVES' GRAVES
JUST A FEW OF THE ATTRAC
TIONS HERE WITH THE
CIRCUS.
: This action has been taken at the in
stance of Secretary Hitchcock as the re
sult of an investigation instituted by him
several months ago. which- revealed I the
fact that gross frauds had been practiced
in Oklahoma in connection with contracts
for bridges, roads and buildings in the
three counties opened for settlement two
years ago. Secretary Hitchcock held up
all bills untilhe could have an investiga
tion made and the present Indictments
are the result. Other arrests are expected
to follow. • - ••—?.._
WASHINGTON, Sept. 6.— A telegram to
Secretary Hitchcock from United States
District Attorney Horace Speed of Okla
homa says the United States Grand Jury
has found three indictments against Con
tractor Stokes and three County Commis
sioners of Kiowa County for making false
vouchers- and false ..certificates for the
purpose of defrauding 'the Government in
connection with the building of bridges.
Stokes is under arrest and. his bond has
been fixed at $4500. The three indicted
County- Commissioners,' It is- said; have
fled the country. . * '¦'¦..'
Bridge Contracts.
Result of Investigation of Oklahoma
THREE INDICTMENTS FOUND.
Lundy pays the highest price for loose
diamonds. 4 3d st. and 7 52 Market st. •
bribe in his favor, or listens only or chiefly
to one side, or favors his Congressional backer
in any way, he is not above suspicion. I would
not. therefore, out that sentence as you do
but would »ay that such officials should be
accorded confldr-nce so long aa they are clearly
honest, and impartial in their investigations A
man who Is subject to serious misgivings In
this respect should be itmoved at once no
matter who is his backer,, for he is no longer
Jit for his position. -
BURLINGTON. Iowa, Sept. 6.— The Paris
Btore was ruined by fire to-day, and smoke And
water damaged adjacent stocks. Logs $50 000
V. B. Postofflce gave us a sood-stzed order for
printing and binding. Mysell-Rolllns. 22 Clay. •
SEAGIRT, N. J.. Sept. 6.-The flower of
the crack marksmen of the United States
gathered hero to participate in the big
shooting tournament observed this as a
day of re^t. An unprecedentedly busy
week Is ahead for the hundreds of ex
pert shots who have been working hard
for months past in anticipation of the
competitions. Everybody is anxiously
awaiting the beginning of the national
trophy match, which will occur on Tues
day and Wednesday. It is open to teams
of twelve men each, from tha United
States armj 1 , one team from the troops
stationed within eac^ of the military de
partments, the United States navy, United
States marine corps and the National
Guard of the several States and of the
District of Columbia. The distances are
200, oOO, 600, S00 and 1000 yards, ten shots
each ranee. Service rifles and ammuni
tion must be used. The team making the
highest average total In the two days'
contest will receive the national trophy
provided for by Congress and 5300 in cash.
The second prize is the Hilton trophy
and $3»W; third prize "The Soldiers of
Marathon" trophy and $200; fourth prize
$150, fifth prize *100 end sixth prize $50.
Each member of each team winning a
prize will be presented with a medal.
These medals are reproductions of a part
of the design of the national trophy
showing that part of the shield of the
trophy which includes the design of Mars
restraining the dogs of war. The bar
from which the medal Is suspended will
indicate the event for which it is issued,
while the reverse side will bear the name
of the holder. The trophies mentioned are
to be placed In competition annually.
Major Gilfoyle, Twelfth United States
Cavalry, will serve as executive officer
during the firing for the national trophy.
The riflemen will be kept busy to-mor
row with the conclusion of the skirmish
team match began yesterday, the Leech
cup and the interclub contests, the com
pany team matcn and the continuation -ot
firing in the re-entry individual matches.
The carbine team. Tyro Company team,
veterans' team and many Individual
matches are scheduled for" Thursday,
the Dryden trophy team match for Friday
and the President's match for the Indi
vidual military championship of the
United States for Saturday, the last day
of the meet.
As civilization has improved the way of
living, so has cooking by gas improved
the comfort of the kitchen. See our
ranges. S. F. Gas & Electric Co. • •
PARIS. Sept. 6. — President Loubet to-day
gave aa audience to Senator Henry Cabot
Lodge. — - .
Quietly Prepare for Be
ginning of National
Trophy Match.
CRACK MARKSMEN
REST AT SEAGIRT
The publication of the Broslus report was In
accordance with the custom of the association
to give to the press matters of Importance In
which the public are supposed to be interested/
Tha.t it created a great deal of public interest
is quite evident.
I am "lad to have learned, since the letter
of Mr. Broslui called the subject to my atten
tion, that you had known something of the
dangers to which he refers previously; and am
especially pleased to know that you had taken
steps to investigate them and well contended
that the department should have the entire
credit of it; satisfied if we can aid In eome
degree in preventing the wrong that might
have resulted to the Indians from bein? con
summated, and especially gratified if the in
vestigators shall be absolutely unbiased. Too
often these official* appear to be under Influ
ences from members of Congress Interested la
them, and I am bound to say that inspectors
too often se«»m to whitewash men utterly unfit
lor their positions. You will observe that I
•ay "seem." I do not claim infallibility.
We make no charge, up to this time, against
any members of the Dawes Commission, nor, I
believe, doea our informant, Mr. .Broslus,
whose al.egatlons, you will observe, are gen
eral in their character.
1 would like to make one comment on the
closing passage In your letter, In which you
eay that "lnbpectors and other officials should
have respect and confidence until a clear ca^e
shall be made against them."
The inspector should be above suspicion, anJ
where ai. Inspector accepts the hospitality of
the man be Is sent to inspect, thus taking a
To enter noon the question of personal dis
courtesy which you raise would. I think, in
volve a long diaousslon. I must, therefore,
content myself with utterly disclaiming the
least Intention of discourtesy to you.
In his reply Garrett says:
WASHINGTON, Sept. 6.-To-day Secre
tary Hitchcock made public the corre
spondence between him and Philip C. Gar
rett of Philadelphla.presldent of the Indian
Rights Association. In a letter from Sec
retary Hitchcock to Garrett, written on
the 29th ultimo, the former charges the
president of the Indian Rights Associa
tion with discourtesy to the head of the
Interior Department in having permitted
the publication of the Broslus letter, al
leging irregularities on the part of Gov
ernment officials in the sale of Indian
lands before the Secretary had been given
time to pass upon the letter. Regarding
the alleged irregularities. Secretary
Hitchcock says:
I note with pleasure your desire not to wish
loeSnmt* any of the evils in the admlnis-
UaUon of the Indian Bureau and be* to state
that the "grave irregularity on the part of
officials appointed by the Government,' with
which you seem to have been impressed by the
report made to you by Mr. Broslus have for
months past, had my personal ¦"mtion. thus
anticipating your courteous requwt that the
subject may be officially investigated.
This investigation was made by me -while on
a visit to the Indian Territory in Why, as the
result of -which certain removals from office
by dismissal and enforced resignation resulted,
and upon my return here amended rules and
regulations were prepared and issued on July
10 the purpose of which was to more fully pro
tect the Creek Indians in the matter of salea o£
their land by a proper notice and the require
ment of sealed bids, by which such satisfac
tory results have bean accomplished in the mat
ter of tha sale of Inherited lands In other reser
vations throughout the country, none of tho
original deeds for the sale of lands under the
inherited act, nor lands in the Creek Nation
having been ud to that time, or elnce, ap-
On the contrary, in the mutter of the sale of
Inherited lands under the sealed-bid order, we
are receiving in many cases from 15 per cent
to 125 per cent advance over the original pric«
tendered by the game parties for the same land,
while the Creek deeds under the old system
have all been disapproved, to the number of
423 deeds, and r«turned with their accompany
ing checks, amounting to more than $360,000.
thus showing that, in the matter of official
Irregularities and the adoption of said regula
tlona, the interests of the Indians have not
been neglected by the department, as is Indi
rectly charged by Mr. Broslus, whose report I
do not care to further discuss, because the ac
cusation* therein contained are to receive a full
and rigid Investigation. They have been
promptly denied and such investigation de
manded by the members of the\ Dawes Com
mission and Inspector Wright, who are, of
course, entitled to be presumed Innocent In the
meantime/" )
An open air mass meeting, attended by
several hundred persons, was held this af
ternoon, at which resolutions protesting
against the presence of troops in the
camp were adopted.
A meeting of the Trades Assembly was
called for to-night. It Is stated that res
taurant employes will be ordered to re
fuse to serve soldiers.
On the arrival of cavalry Troop D,
numbering 37, from -Meeker at an early
hour this morning the roster of the camp
shows something more than 600 men on
duty. The Meeker troop is composed en
tirely of cowboys.
At noon to-day the entire executive
committee of the Mine Owners' Associa
tion visited the headquarters of Adjutant
General Bell and held a conference.
Brigadier General Chase was also in at
tendance. The subject of the conference
was not made public, but It is generally
believed that it had reference to the open-
Ing of the mires for work. It is be
lieved that an attempt will be made to
renew operations next Tuesday.
CRIPPLE CREEK, Colo., Sept. 6.—Per
fect quiet prevailed in the district to-day.
A number of persons visited the camp of
the troops, but except In a few cases were
not allowed to penetrate inside the lines.
Several of the militiamen were given
leave of absence and walked around the
streets of the city unmolested. Some dif
ficulty was experienced, however. In gret
tlng served at the restaurants.
Alleged Irregularities in
Land Sales Being
Probed.
Object to Presence of
State Troop3 in
the Camp.
CRIPPLE CREEK
MINERS PROTEST
GUARDING RIGHTS
OF THE RED MAN
enth and Market streets. The
wind caught the immense 6heets and an
onlooker through half shut eyes could
easily imagine he was watching a crew of
shipwrecked mariners struggling in- the
billows of the sea. Red faced gentlemen
with chests like Saratoga trunks and
voices megaphonic spoke earnest and pro
fane command^ to the 'dirty crew of non
descript canvastnen of all colors, who fur
nished the brawn for raising the immense
tent of Rlngling Bros.' circus.
Slowly the work seemed to proceed, but
there was not a moment when all hands
were not going at the top of their speed.
The smalier tents were erected by other
gangs and when darkness , came a boy
with his eye glued to a hole in the fence
announced to a long;, line of, waiting
youngsters. "Der tents Is up."
A long line of wagons stretched for
blocks on either side of Eleventh street
and the untamed beasts of the desert, for
est and jungle reposed therein. Girls and
boys of various ages clambered over the
vehicles, peering between the bars and
AMID grime and dust and a medley
of haunting profanity an army of
men struggled with a sea of can
vas yesterday afternoon at Elev-
1'HE SAN FEAK CISCO CALL, MONDAY, SEPTEMBER 7, 1903.
5
NEW ADVEBTISEMENTS. .
A SAN FRANCISCO PHYSICIAN
Uses Herpicide Successfully in Treat-
ing Sycosis of the Beard.
He saya: "I recently treated a Case of
sycosis (similar tQ 'barber's itch') of the
lower lip. with Newbro's Herpicide.
There was an. extensive loss of* beard
with inflammation extending well down
on the chin. The result of the applica-
tion of Herplclde was most gratify-
ing. The loss of beard ceased and a
new growth of hair Is noV taking: place
over the once Inflamed area.
"(Signed.) Melville E. O'Neill. M. X>..
"845 Howard St.,
"San Francisco, Cal."
Herplclde kills the dandruff germ and
permits the hair to grow abundantly.
Sold by leading druggists. Send 10c In
stamps for sample to The Herpicide Co.,
Detroit, Mich. . ¦ '
CASTOR I A
Eor Infants and Children.
The Kind You Have Always Bought
Bears tho ST? S/1foi j?~
Signature of Cfuz&fyf jP&&JUti£
Paiftfc* DON'T FAIL TO
1 aiaWV 8ec the beautiful
j COURT. Lounging
/¦fin room, the EMPIRE
auu PARLOR, the
r 4 X PALM ROOM, the
I lT/]flfl LOUIS XV PAR-
uiaiiu LOR^ and the LA _
Hi. 1' DIES' WRITING
Hotels roqm v
RADWAY'S READY RELIEF ha* stood
unrivaled before the- public for 60 years aa a
Pain Remedy. • It Instantly relieves and quickly
cures all Colds. Sore Throats. Influenza, Bron-
chitis, Pneumonia, Rheumatism. Neuralgia,
Headache. Toothache and all pain. Internally
lor Malaria and all Bowel Pains. All druggists.
AMUSEMENTS.
SYMPHONY CONCERTS
, FRITZ SCHEEL, DIRECTOR.
OaAND OPEKA HOTJ3E.
Auspices of the S. F. Symphony Society.
Concert every Tuesday at 3 p. m. J
Pric.es of seats. 60c. $1 - $1 23. *l 5a ; »
SPECIAL! "IMPORTANT!
Two Grand Popular and Wagner
Concerts.
MECHANICS' PAVXLIO2T
FRITZ SCHEEI-. Director.
a F. SYMPHONY ORCHESTRA. 75 muaicUns.
I^ABOR DAY. MONDAY. Sept. 7. at S p. m.
ADMISSION DAY. WEDNESDAY. Sept. 3.
at 3 p. m.
POPULAR MUSIC. POPULAR PRICKS.
(Look for programme In the next Bandar's
papers.)
Prices 23c. 80c. 75c.
Tickets for sale at SHERMAN & CLAY'S
Music Store and at the PAVILION and GRAND
OPERA-HOUSE on .lays of concerts.
See daily papers for programmes of popular
concerts.
II VyjLI house.
TO-NIGHT.
The First Presentation of Gounod' a Famous
Opera.
" FAUST."
And also on Wednesday, Friday and Saturday
Nishts With
Slfaerlna Tina da Spada aa Margnerit*.
On Tuesday, Thursday and Sunday Ntsbta>
Saturday Matinee.
Verdi's Wonderful Lyric Drama,
"RIGOLETTO."
Prices Are Always the Same 25c, BOc, T3a
Telephone Bush 9.
GRAND $%8&
. Matinees To-Day and Wednesday
Every Lady and Child Presented With a Bou-
renlr Picture of one of the Lilliputians at all
matinees.
GLORIOUS TRIUMPH OF THE
POLLARD LILLIPUTIAN OPERA CO.
TO-NIGHT
EVERT NIGHT TH19 WEEK.
The Immensely Successful Musical Comady.
A GAIETY GIRL
ALL THE POLLARDS IN THE CAST.
Regular Matinees Saturday and Sunday
PRICES— Evenings 15c, 25c. 50c and 75o
Matlneea 15c. 25c and 60a
STATEMENT
—OF THE—
CONDITION AND AFFAIB3
THURINGIA
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF ERFURT. GERMANY. ON THJB 31gT
day of December, A. D. 190X ud for tH«
year endlnc on that day, aa made- to tha In-
surance Commissioner of ta« Stats of Cali-
fornia, pursuant to th» provision* of Section*
610 and Oil ot tha Political Code. cond«m«<
as per clank furnished by tha Commtsaloner.
CAPITAL.
Amount ol Capital Stock, paid np '^ - \£*
In Cash $460.000 0»
ASSETS.
Real Estate owned by Company- •* 8 *"*2I 5°
Loan* on Bonds aad Mortgage.. 8.3«.O33 M
Cash Market Valu* of all Btocka
and Bonds owne* by Company. i,d«W Tl
Amount of Loans ««cured by
pledie of Bonds. Stocks and
ether marketable securities aa _,-.,„
collateral - -- 1?^* M
Cash in Company's Ofac* »J2'S? ?2
Cash la Banks -• •; »lt.«04 1«
Interest due and aeerne* oa all -,-..-.
Stocks and Lo*na 28.TH as
Interest dua and accrued on ,„«.,-.
Bocds and Mortfages .... 10,047 «9
Premiums In due Oours* of Col- ,„-.»,,-
lection t«2.43» 1»
Bills receivable, aot Matured.
taken for Fire and Marina
Risks Arents* Balances a4,Z3» O
Doe from other Companies for re-
Insurance en loeae. already paid 1«.9« IT
8eoarlUes of Pension fund 117.1TO M
Total Aseets $12.ai«.lM IS
LIABILITIES.
Losses adjusted and unpavid V
Lcesea in procew of Adjustment
or In Suspense •• WHOM 99
Losses resisted, lndudln* ex- j -
Oroes Dremtiiine on W\n Risks (
running one year or lesa. »..; ,
reinsuranca 30 per cent. ... ... ¦ 83*001 O
Grots premiums on Flr» risks
ruanln*- more than one year. '
$ • reinsurance pro rata I
Gross' prenatums on Marine and J
Inland Navls*Uon Risks. »..: ¦ _ - -
reinsurance 10O per cent 1.74S S«
Oroaa premiums on Marine Tltn«
Risks. $••: reinsurance 60 per
L SF ''^y*5' ••'**?: tvmwn
CaTh dlTldends remalnlna- unpaid. M O*
Pension fund • «*. S|* »?
Belief fund ** **
Tatal LlablUtlet ftl.C0O.4TO 0T
INCOME. "
Net eaab actually reived 'or
Fire premiums tUaSS.ia* &*
Net cm«H mctuallr receded for
Marine premiums -..-- 12.38O 3«
Received for Intent oa Bonds
and MortRagss ............... 138. MS H
RpreiveJ for Interest and dnrl-
/end. on Bonds. Stocks. Loans
.net from all other sources 10 S-*°* 2f
Received for Rents ...-." 8.839 3a
%?c££ for Profit on eal. of
assets ...•••*-••••"• •-.....•• M|9M kw
Rscelved for premiums ta other
d,£rtments l.Ml.^3 a
Total Income 13.Wa.43> 01
EXPENDITURES.
Net amount oald for Fire Loseea
Jf^Jvffl^A l :::::.. 1 ~r! »« o»
DlVldeSds to Stockholders ....... 135.000 00
or allo*ea tor Commission
or Brokera*e 1~:^~ B =».«»l 11
t>-i.i ror Salaries Fees and other
ctarwi toTof ncera. clerks, eto. IX3.U9 33
Paid for State. National and
Local taxes ••• **.1T **
All other payments and «xpendl-
Paid for lossea In other depart-
ments i.m.ssa wi
Total Expendltnres 13.031.763 «
t r*«r* incurred dur- Fire. Martn*.
l';th«y«r >^.834 OS II1.88g 30
Risks and Premiums. Fire Risks. Premluma.'
Net amount of Risks
yV. 1 "?..^. 15 ' !!?»l.02S.W».e 8 7|2. W 3.T33a
Net amount of Risks -
expired durlni : the lWitM(|
3" lS5! 7M.-0M.801 IBMH8
T~" " f Mar. Risks, -premiums.
j,tt amount ol Risks
SK?.'.^S* I42.TM.384 W*
Ket amount of Risks
expired during; the
y^ir 33.C64.M4 43. 01 • 23
Net amount tn force
December 31. 1002. 13.252.443 13.380 3«
*" ERNST LANGE. 8eo > 7.
CARL SCHUMANN. Sec*y.
Subscrlbed-and sworn to before me, thSs ISti
day of April. l»O3. P. TE1CHMASN,
V. S. Vice Consul at Weimar.
PACIFIC COAST DEPARTMENT.
VOSS, CONRAD & CO.,
General Agents,
204-208 Sansome Street,
SAN FRANCISCO.
THE WEEKLY CALL'
Si per Year.
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
WorALl- DOTTLED I
' " SOLD EVERYWHERE. ti
HILBEKT MERCANTILE CU.. M
¦ Pacific CoaEt Agents. JB
jfchk (PATENTED). f*^\
(i^SPHEROID KM
)>V EYEGLASSES QA
I i Are Scicrtif c Creations, t*>*l
g^*Q Givirg Perfect Vision. f^^j
f J PRICES MODERATE. Vj
y/m. Vigor. Vita/it/ for Men.
j£&*ZQ\ MORMON BISHOPS FILLS
|^k have been In u»e over fltty
u£h9v9m3m v^ars by the leaders of the
tjt^kiin 4 * Mormon Church nn'3 their
ggV&Ka&Si tollowere. Positively cure the
£** s ' "tvy^- 1 -.von-t <i!MS in old and young
R21S*i'/» JHB *rii--inB from effects of »•»-
b? CSftjiJBjf abuse, dist-fpation. excesses cr
VV^"> J*. *¦£* cigarette ;-rrkins. Cure Lost
Manhood. lmpot-ncy. J»st
\£^^tiJi Power, Night l-os^ee In»;m-
r.a. k'tLUi* Ut Back. Evil Desires. Lame Back.
Nervous Ability. Hradache.UafltowitoM.r-
tv i^its of t-emen. -—^^ \ arlcocele or Con-
V-;.,«^on lu-i. NVr Q fj vou* Twitching of
£•'. ?,*. "fr-r-V* "re ""* immediate. Irr>j;ari
v i^r" ird to every function.
li.m't i_-pt rl«iion<ier.t. a cure Is at hand. Re-
•lere *n all ur.'Jewioiwd organs. Stimulate
the braui and nerve center*; 50c a box; 6 for
J2 5<» by mail. A written guarantee to cure cr
jn^ney 'refunded with B boxes. Circulars free.
.*<Mre«* BISHOP REMEDY CO.. 40 Elllj St..
Han PkMctoco. Cal. GRANT DRUG CO.. .HS
a.n»l 40 Third rt. - . "¦>:.
BAJA CALIFORNIA
Damiana Bitters
t~S A GREAT RESTORATIVE. INVIGOHA-
tor aad Nen'lae.
The mo*t wor"lerful aDhrodlslaxs and Specl&i
Tonic for the Eei.^r.1 Orsin*. tor bdh eeiea. -
The Mexican Remedy for Diseases of th*
E»ye an* Bladder. Sell* on Its own merit*.
KAEER. ALFS * ERUNE. A*eBU
Market »t-. & If. — (Send tor Circular*.!
IA/. T. HESS.
27ot£T7 Fnbllc cad Attorney-at-liaw.
T*-nlh 3 r Joor. >lcom 3CI5. Claus Kpretkels bldg.
Telephone Main 383.
Ilc«13»n'"-. xri California 6t., below Pcwell.
Hc*!dt-nce Teieybone Jamea 1MX, , «,
~~~--~^^^^__ ADVERTISEMENTS.
Woman in an Unconscious Condi-
tion Found on Sidewalk.
Upon Examination at the Hospital, Her Body was
Discovered to be Covered with Scars, Caused
by the Hypodermic Injection of Morphine —
Facts Published as Warn ing to OtherJWomen.
The above headlines recite the irregular menstruation, also intense
actual experience of a poor wreck of nerrousness.
fi woman who had once held an hon- " After trying different remedies
orable and lucrative position in a with no relief I was induced to try
large mercantile house in Xew York. Lydia E. Pinkliam's Vegetable
Her health began to fail, and instead Compound. To my surprise and
of taking rest and proper medical delight I found after taking my first
treatment she resorted to stimulants bottle Tery great improvement. I
e.sd morphine. continued its use and it has made me
The hospital physician discovered a well woman.
that her primary trouble was an " I am so grateful to you for my
affection of the wonib, which recovery that I wish to thank you,
could readily have been cured in the and if this testimonial will be of any
first stages. If when she had first use to other suffering women, you
felt those severe pains in the back, have my full permission to publish
the terrible headaches, the constant it." — Mbs. Mabt Bobbb, 5492 Ellis
sense of fullnets. soreness and pain Ave., Chicago, 111. — $5000 forftlt If original
in the pelvic region, she had heed<£l of cbovt 'letter proving gtnulnentit cannot bt pro-
the warning that serious trouble^ras *«**•*
in store, and commenced a regular " r MprfUfl! AiMpo ffl Wflmpn
treatment with the Pinkham Reme- r ' 88 iHCUJWll H(l?IUU 10 nOilWII.
dies, as did Mrs. Rober of Chicago, Women suffering from any form of
whose letter follows, the polypus female weakness are invited to
in the womb would, have been dis- promptly communicate with Mrs.
solved and passed away, and to-day Pinkham, at Lynn, Mass. All letters
the would have been a well woman. are received, opened, read aad an-
Why will women let themselves swered by women only. A woman
drift along into terrible suffering can freely talk of her private illness
and sickness in this way, •when there to a woman ; thus has b«en estab-
is monumental proof that JLydift lished the eternal confidence between
E. Finkliam's Vegetable Com- Mrs. Pinkham and the women of
pound is daily relieving 1 thousands America which has never been
of women from this very trouble ? broken. Out of the vast volume of
Thers is no excise for any 'woman experience which she has to draw
who suffers to go without help. Mrs. from it is more than possible that she
Pickham is vary ?lad indeed to give has gained tbe Tery knowledf e that
her personal advice to any cdr who will help your ease. She acks noth-
Trili write for it, and the following ing in return except your good will,
letter simplv goes to prove that the and her advice has relieved thousands.
Vegetable Compound will positively Surely any woman, rich or poor,
cere female ills: is'very foolish if she does not take
'• Since the birth of my baby I advantage of tiiis generous offer of
• — r*-.«-r.r" •----, -^7 r»-nb trouble. backache, assistance. />-
AMUSEMENTS.
Ta n^l/ Parade Leaves
I U~l/Ciy Grounds, llth
THE CIRCUS and Market, at
BEGINS 9 a. m. Tuesday
Two Performances Dally at 2 and 8 p. m.
. Doors open at 1 and 7 p. m., Sept. 7 to 14,
Inclusive.
RINGLING BROS.'
WORLD'S GREATEST SHOWS.
To which is now , ¦*%••¦¦ <•»>¦*> ...
SfflW^ss: Jerusalem
•^•'.nd the Crusades
100 Sensational Circus Acts
40 Elephanta and 108 Cage Zoo and 40 Clown*.
ONE 60 Cent Ticket Admits to Everything.
Children under 12 years half price. Ad-
mission tickets and actually numbered re-
served seats on sale at Sherman, Clay & Co.'a
piano warerooms. Kearny and Sutter streets,
at exactly the game prices as charged at reg-
ular ticket wagona on the show grounds.
Parade leaves grounds. Eleventh and Market.
at 9 a. m. Tuesday. PARADE ROUTE —
Btartln* from show grounds TUESDAY morn-
ing at 8 o'clock, to Howard, to Second, to
Market, to Montgomery, to California, to
Kearny. to Market, to Eleventh and grounds.
UULUSfiBi A lew MA-,?j
FOURTH "V7EEK OP SEASON*.
MATINEES WEDNESDAY AND SATURDAY.
HENRY MILLER
MARGARET ANGLIN
To-night. Tuesday and Wednesday Nights.
Wednesday Matinee.
"THE DEVILS DISCIPLE,"
Thursday, Friday and Saturday Nights,
Saturday Matinee.
"THE TAMING OF HELEN,"
NEXT MONDAY— FIRST TIME HERE,
Henry Miller and Margaret Anglin in
_ "THE AFTERMATH,"
An Adaptation by Henry Miller of George Oh-
net'a Novel. "Le Maltre des Forges."
SPECIAL MATINEE TO-DAY — LABOR DAY.
Parquet, any seat, 25c; balcony, 10c; chil-
dren, any part except reserved, 10c.
vaudevilleIye-openers !
Frederic Bond and Company; Orig-
inal Rio Brothers; Almont and
Dumont; Fischer and Wacker;
Bloom and Cooper; T. Nelson
Downs; La Vine-Cameron Trio;
Marguerite and Hanley and George
Schindler.
Proprietors.
Market St, Near Eighth Phone South 533
SPECIAL LABOR DAY MATINEE TO-DAY.
TO-NIGHT AND ALL. THIS WEEK.
MATINEES WEDNESDAY (Admission Day),
SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
The Richest, Rarest, Raciest of Farce Come-
dies.
Whose Baby Are You?
A VOLCANO OF MIRTH! A TORNADO OF
FUN!
BRILLIANT CAST! SPRIGHTLT SPECIAL-
TIES!
PDIfCC Evenings lOo to COo
IfiltCJ Matinees 10c. 15c. 25o
Monday. September 14, The Military Spectacle.
TIES CHEEBT FIOZESS.
AT ft A 7 ITl Belaaco & Mayer.
ALCAZAR srss.
Gen. Mgr.
TO-NIGHT — THIS WEEK ONLY.
FLORENCE
ROBERTS
Who Has Made Her, Greatest Success in
THE UNWELCOME MRS. HATCH.
Evbtr.. 23c to 75c; Sat. Mat.. 15c to 50c.
SEPT. 10— First Thursday Matinee of
D'Annunzlo's Famous Play,
GIOCONDA
When Night Prices Will Prevail.
SOUVENIR ART PROGRAMMES.
NEXT WEEJC— "MAGDA."
IfAUIFOKNTTn
I ¦ Farewell Performances. in
V KE1LL-M0R0SCO C0XPA1TY. *\
* In the dramatic marvel of ~
75 th * •"¦ 7.*;
• 1V NOTRE SAME, •• °
Jjft Eta * e Version of Victor flfi
***' Hugo's Masterpiece, ** v
9<% . Last Bargain Matinee 9 It
Xa/ Thursday. XU
Saturday Night — Opening
Ti of regular season. __
I A 1-rieud of ts* Family. W^
heatrOI
TO-NIGHT— A NEW BILI^.
<•_.•••"* And a Great Double Bill at That!
I "The Glad Hand" and "Tha Con-Qu^Fl
BRIM FULL. OF NEW SONGS, DANCES
SPECIALTIES.
' Our "All-Star" Cast, including: '
KOLB AND DILL.
BARNEY BERNARD.
WINFIELD BLAKE.
HARRY HERM9EN,
MAUDE AMBER.
*' /' ELEANOR JENKINS.
Etc.. Etc.. Etc.
RESERVED SEATS — Nights. 25c. 50c and
T5c; Saturday and Sunday Matlneea. 25c and
60c; Children at Matinee*. 10c and 23o.
ADMIS6ION DAY MATINEE WEDNESDAY.
TO-DAY AND~TO-NIGHT !
..LABOR DAY CELEBRATION..
Under the Auspices of the-
SAN FRANCISCO LABOR COUNCIL.
Usual Attractions and
DANCING. AFTERNOON AND EVENING.
Fireworks at Night
Admission (this occasion only). 25c; Children.
MISCELLANEOUS AMU8EMENT&
l-YreiOHrtLI-.EdiySt.. t boT. Xtsan
Charles T If f T% \f II B IlThe XV Cen-
Frohmanl- \f ft- K Y ftf] ft Wtury Moral-
Presents L f LI I I IlIHiVity Play.
TO-NIGHT at 8:30. Every night this and
next week, Sundays excepted. Afternoons —
Thursday and Saturday at 3. Reserved
Seats, f~. $1 00. $1. at Sherman., Clay St
Co.'s. now on sale for all the week. To-day
and Wednesday next beincr legal holidays.
the box office will be at LTRIC HALL.The Municipal Council of a little Swed
ish town has just introduced a progres
sive tax on stoutness. Below 133 pounds
one Is free from tax: from 133 pounds to
200 pounds one has to pay S3 12 a year,
while from 200 pounds to 270 pounds th«
Impost Is $6. As to great weights, they
will be a luxury for millionaires. One has
to pay $6 for every twenty pounds In ex
cess of 270 pounds.
Excitement was at its height on more
•than one occasion during the coursing
yesterday at Ingleside Park. The trials
¦were well contested, the hares being re
markably strong. Black Coon, L. M.
Connell's pride, covered himself with
glory and proved the worthy offspring of
Emln Pasha and Mamie Pleasant. His
trial with Doc Burns in the fourth round
proved one of the most exciting seen at
the park for many months. The course
lasted fwo minutes and a half, and It was
up and down field and working in and out
to the accompanying cries of the spec
tators. First one relief dog was released,
then a second and a third, until five grey
hounds went flying after the game hare.
After such a run It was natural to ex
pect the Coon had had enough for the
day, but later he came out and disposed
of White Hat after a run of one minute
and twelve seconds, with points 8 to 2.
The deciding course, in which Black
Coon and Sllevenaman were to meet,
went to the former by default. Slieven
aman was drawn owing to hard coursing.
The results in detail, with Judge Thom
as Tierney's official scores, follow:
Second round — Lily "Wright beat Uoco Girl
7-1; Jingle Bells beat Thetis, 8-2; Black Ccoii
beat Little Lucy. .V3; Our Motto beat MI93
Wilson. 15-0; Rcmlsso Animo beat Luxury, 7-4-
Bonnie Ilughie beat Wedxewood. tf-4: Flower
of Kerry beat Half Moon. b-H; Doc Burns beat
Pepper Jack. 8-7: Queen's Motto beat Toronto
— ¦ — ; Belfast beat Firm Fellow. 8-3: Slsklyou
Black Coon Proves a Greyhound of
Remarkable Endurance, Pluck
and Speed.
EXCITING COURSING
AT INGLESIDE PARK
Deciding course — Black Coon won by de
fault, Sllevenamon withdrawn.
Consolation stake, second round — Linda YIMa
beat Flcra Bird, fi-4: Yukon beat Athena »-t
Medley beat Articulate. 4-0; Tyrone Prtnre
beat San Juan. 10-4; Flora Belle a bye; East
Lake beat Fannie Hughie. 4-2.
Third lound — Yukon beat Linda Vista 7-3-
Medley beat Tyrone Prince. 14-6; Flora Bella
beat East Lake. 6-1.
Fourth rovnd — Medley beat Yukon. 9-8;
Flora Belle a bye.
Deciding course — Flora Belle beat Mediey.
beat Equator, 4-0; Young Buck beat 4»ur»
Pearl. 6-1; Tobasco Bob beat Una, 18-6; Tom
Hurllck beat Odd Eyes. 8-B; White Hat beat
Piker. 5-1: Little Plunger beat Cubanola. 4-0-
Shadow brat Full Moon. 9-S; Snapper Garrison
beat HadUington. 8-6; Bonnie Pasha beat
Wattles. 5-0; Lady Menlo beat Adonts.
4-3; Renegade Apache beat Cremo. 12-4; Tops,y
Turwy beat McHenry. 12-9; Sllevenamon beat
Roxana, 8-7: Yankee Boy bea^ Doreen. 5-0.
« ThlrJ round— Lily Wright beat Jingle Bella
11-4: Black Coon beat Our Motto. 2O-2; Bonntn
liughle boat Remisso Anlmo. 9-7: Doc Burns
beat Flower of Kerry. 5-1; Belfast beat Queen'*
Motto. 2H-fi: Sisiclyou beat Young Buck. 12-7-
Tom Hurllck beat Tohasco Bob. 13-2: White
Hat brat Little Plunger. 8-6; Snapper Garrison
beat Shadow, S-4; Bonnie Paxha beat Lady
Menlo. . 4-0; Topay Turvey beat Renerade
Apache. 12-5; Sllevenamon beat Yankee Boy
10-3.
Fourth round — Black Coon beat Lily Wr!itht
.1-2: Doc Burns beat Eonnle Hugrhi* «-2* 8l»
kiyou beat Belfast. 13-5; White Hat beat Tom
Hurllck. 6-3; Bonnie Fa.=ha beat Snapper Gar
rison. 6-0; SItev.namon beat Topsy Turvey.
C-5.
Fifth round — Black Coon beat Doc Burns
13-8; White Hat beat Slsklyou. »-0; Slleve
nimon beat Btinnie Pasha, ft-5.
Sixth round— Black Coon beat White Hat
3-3; Sllevenamon a bye.
» * m • •
Buy your watches at Lundy'8, 4 Third
street and 752 Market street. •
THE HAGUE, Sept. 6.-In the final cf
the gentlemen's singles for the lawn ten
nis championship of Europe, which waa
decided here to-day. Robert Leroy of the
New York Lawn Tennis Club defeated
Pinckney by 4-6, 6-1. 6-1, 6-0.
American Wins Tennis Championship
The thirty-two greyhounds beaten in
the first round of the stake will meet on
Admission day In a consolation number.
They will compete In the order In which
they were beaten. The coursing will com
mence upon the arrival of the 1:15 p. m.
special train.
6-0; Rubber Ankles beat Tralee Boy. 9-4; Real
Article beat Vandal. 8-5; Lord Brazen beat
Mount Rose. 6-3.
Fifth round— Palo Alto beat Rubber Ankle?.
S-.'<: Lord Braz«n beat Real Article. T-fi.
Deciding course — Palo Alto beat Lord Bra
zen, 3-0.
Clarence Foley anil J. R. Lewis beat George
Janes and C, Griffin. 8-«. ti-4; Griffin and O.
Baker tied Janes and Lewis. 6-9. 0-3- Baker
brothera tied C. Dunlap and H. Routh, •-!), tt-2,
:}-.'{; G.. Bates and G. Finch beat Routh and
Dunlap. 7-5; Oriffln and G. Baker beat Routh
and Dunlap S-4; K. Flnneican and E. Lelltch
beat C. Teller and J. Code. C-:». 0-7: Teller and
H. Ruesel beat Bates and Finch. «-:»: C. Skaggs
and M Long beat Guerin and Hall. 4-0. ti-O,
C-l; Pkaggs and M. Long tle-i Hall brothers.
1-6. 0-7.
The championship doubles will be played
Tuesday aTternoon. J. D. MacGavin and
Grant Smith, challengers, will meet A.
E. Bell and L. R. Freeman, holders.
These two teams met last year for the
championship ar.d a hard five-set match
resulted. MacGavin is not playing quite
as well as last year, but Smith Is much
improved.
The consolation tournament will be
played to-day and to-morrow and also
the mixed doubles, which were not com
pleted last week. The challenge match
in women's singles will be played Wednes
day morning. May Sutton, holder, will
neet Florence Sutton, challenger.
Tho following matchc# were played on
the park courts yesterday:
The crack tennis players of the coast
put in a strenuous week before the nets
at San Rafael last v.eek and were glad
of a respite yesterday. It was six days
of hard play for some of the men and
the effect in several cases was anything
but beneficial. The two. players most
used up are Grant Smith and R. N. Whit
ney. Smith has been ill since his match
with Bell on Friday, but will be able to
play m the challenge match of the dou
bles on Tuesday. It was a lack of train
ing In both. cases and neither will enter
another tournament without proper prep
aration. Any one who saw the Bell-Smitn
match on Friday would undoubtedly be
convinced that tennis is not a woman's
game, as a great many people think -who
observe It casually strolling through the
park.
The enthusiasts feel ¦ encourased over
the showing made by the northern girls.
Although none of them won, a larger
number than usual competed and several
gave promise oft developing into good
players, if not Sutton beaters. Mis3
Hotchklss In £ year of two, with the
proper practice, will make the southern
ers who believe that "it takes a Sutton
to beat a Sutton" change their minds.
The little Berkeley player has the right
idea and should Improve her net game as
much as possible. A good net player will
conquer the Suttons, but a baseline play
er never.
A discussion arose last week between
a prominent player from the south and
one of the local men. The former stated
that there are not ten men In the State
who can beat May Sutton. The local play
ers do not agree and contend that there
are more than twice that number who
can beat her. This has been a mooted
question for two years and one that all
tennis followers would like to have set
tled. It would make an Interesting
match if she and some local player could
be brought together this week.
The present championship tournaments
will come to a close Wednesday, when
the singles will be played. Percy Mur
dock of Alameda and A. E. Bell of Los
Angeles will meet in the final this after
noon. The -winner will meet Champion
Freeman Wednesday. .
F. Stahl. c Bowly. b. Petherick 12
J. II Saunders b. Fortmann 3
n Bird b. Taylor »
F\ Croll b. Taylor O
H. Bird.' b. Fortmar.n «
J. Cowle. b. Petherick II
If. Ward Jr. c. Petherick. b. Taylor.... I
W. J. Rlchter. c. Wilding, b. Casldy 11
J. Brown c. Lannowe. b Caastdy A
J. Bird. b. Petherlck «
C. Banner not out O
Byes 10. leg bye" 1. wide 1. no balls 2 1«
Total e«
Runs at the fall of each wicket— One for IS.
tw o for 19. three for 21. four for 28. five for
44. six for 47. seven for "5.". eight for 6*5. nine
for 60. ten for 66.
SUMMARY OF BOWLING.
Bowler— Ball*. Runa. Mal.1. Wick
E. II. Lannowe 30 4 1 0
\V. G Fortmann 42 21 1 2
Dr. O. N Taylor 3O » 2 1
W. Petherlck 31 * 1 3
H. C. Casidy 18 1O O ¦£
ALAMEDA CRICKET CLUB— SECOND IN
NINGS.
W. J. Rlchter. c. Bcnnlon. b. Bennlon 0
J. B!rd. b. Bennion *
B. Bird. c. Petherlck , 3;r
II. Bird. b. B»nnlon 3
J. II. Saunders. St. Cajildy. b. Jamleson... IT
Byes 3. wide 1 4
Total for five wickets 64
Cowle. Stahl. Croll. Ward Jr.. Brown anl
Banner did not bat.
Runs at the fall of each wicket — One for
O. two for 13. three for 10. four for 39.
Total 12«
nuns at th<» fall of each wicket — One for 47.
two for 70. three for 77. four for 77. five for
TS. six for VI seven for 104. eight for 115. nine
for 124. ten for 126.
SUMMARY OF BOWLING.
Bowler — Balls. Runs. Maid. Wick.
H. Ward Jr 103 40 1 ;
F\ J. Croll 11-4 •<* 4. 2
B Bird H4 27 3 4
J. H. Saundem IS 14 0 0
ALAMEDA CRICKET CLUB— FIRST IN
NINGS.
PACIFIC CRICKET CLUB.
A. W. Wildlnif. b. B. Bird 27
B H. Lanno«« c. H. Blrrt. b. Ward Jr... 3-T
H. D Howly b B. Elnl s
W Petherick, b. H. Ward Jr a
W Jamleaon b. F. Croll »
F Kennion. c. Brown, b. B. Bird J>
H. C. Caaidy. 1. b. w.. b. Ward Jr 30
Dr. O N Taylor run out +
J. J Theobald, b. F. Croll 3
\V. G. Fortmann. b. B. Bird ?
C. W. Johnson, not out '
Byes 6. Ug byes 4 !>
The Pacific men went to the bat first,
scoring 128 runs, to which total the chief
contributors were Wilding 27, Lannowe 33
and Castdy 30.
The most successful Alameda bowler
was B. Bird, who took four wickets for
27 runs. The only Alameda men who
scored double figurej were Stahl 12. Cowia
11 and Rlchter IL Dr. Taylor took three
wickets for 9 runs. Petherick three for 8
and CasUy two for 10. In the second in
nings of Alameda the most successful
batsmen were B. Bird 33 and Saunders 17.
The full details follow:
The Pacific cricket team defeated V\m
Alam»da eleven yesterday on the ground
at Webster street, Alameda. by a margin
of sixty runs. The Alameda team went
to the bat a second time, scoring 6* runs
for a loss of five wickets. The second
innings did not affect the result of tha
match.
Competition Will Ba Re
sumed To-Day at San
Rafael Courts.
Bowlers of Victorious Side
Record Some Good
Averages.
Last Year's Champion
Cricket Team Wins
Handsomely.
Day's Rest From Tour
nament Refreshes
Them.
TENNIS PLAYERS
ENJOY RESPITE
PACIFIC ELEVEN
BEATS ALAMEDA
BROWNS FAIL TO SCORE
IN GAMES WITH OAKLAND
Cooper and Graham Pitch Superb Ball, Holding Portland
Sluggers at Their Mercy-— Cripples Field and Bat
in Wonderful Form, Scoring as They Please
SPORTS OF THE RACETRACK, THE DIAMOND AND THE COURTS
Seventh race, one mile, selling— Kitty Keiiv
109, Heather Honey 102. Judge Voorhles 105
Dolly Weithoff 10». " lc " iuo '
Sixth race, six furlongs, selling— El TiVt-.
112. Limber Jim 112, Mountebank 112 Bill
Young 112. Gold Scratch 112, Hondurau 11"
Maresa 103.
Fifth race, one mile. Governor Parde* Han
dicap— Divlna 100. Chileno 98. Hagerdon ll"
Solon 100. Horatlus 110. Grafter 108.
Fourth rac*. seven furlongs, eelilnc -Blan
dura 100, J T S 108. Rublno 114. Isabelllta 1<"
Light Braid 111, Wandering Boy 114 r>a.r]L -v
crtt 114. Tamm 108. V?
Third race, six furlong*, telling— Chana-jo
112. M«8« liemscn M9, Madam Bishop 10s Ji-».
Gore II 112. Merwan 112, Iras 103, Jack niche"
lieu Jr. 112. Quldado 112. Kicne-
SACRAMENTO, Sept. 6.— A bis crowd
la expected to view the races at Agricul
tural Park to-morrow and six events are
down for decision. The feature will be
the Governor Pardee. handicap at a mile.
There has been some talk of a three-cor
nered race with Kenllwortn, Horatlus and
Oroutc as starters, but Frank Mc.Mahon,
owner of the latter, Bays he will not start
the Easterner here, an the Inducements
held out are not sufficient. Ceorge G,
2:12V£. the crack trotter of the California
circuit, will not start again before the Los
Angeles meeting- The entries are:
First race, Stanford stake — La Correcta
Queen Mab, Dixie S, Electro Me, California
Poppy. D. E. Knight, Ownex, Tuna. Swift is
Cromwell. The Jester, Amado, Acme.
Second race, five furlongs, 2-year-alds
Easter Lady 103. Dusty Rhodes 111. Doris 10*
Nora 108. Pat Bulger 111, Samar KM Puvla
108.
Governor Pardee Handicap Will Be
Run at Sacramento To-Day.
CARD AT THE STATE FAIR.
Eugene Geary's greyhound Palo Alto
showed all his old-time speed yesterday
at Union Coursing Park, winning the open
stake easily. In the deciding course he
met the St. Louis crack Lord Brazen.
The hare took the shortest route across
the field and escaped without a turn be
ing scored off him. Palo Alto was allowed
three points for speed, which gave him
the course and first money.
The favorites were uniformly successful
few long shots landing. The most nota
ble was the defeat of the 1 to 7 choice
Vina by Precita Maid. The favorite
showed the speed, but fell at a critical
part of the course.
The results in detail, with Judge An
drew Dean's' scores, follow:
Fair Tralee beat Rural Artist, 12-6- Preclta
Maid beat Vina. «-3; Roman Athle'te beat
Mountain Poet, Haphazard beat Thelma
13-7; Belle F.ee beat Old Ironsides 9-2- RoTal
Arch beat Fair Oaks. 10-6; Algy McDonald
beat Prairie Maid. C-4 : Palo Alto a by* pi
catello withdrawn; Rubber Ankles beat' Van
Nora. 4-1; Reno a bye. Consort withdrawn-
Roy Hughle beat Harvey M. 8-2; Real Article
beat Minnie Horgan. 11-U; America beat Golden
Light, 8-5; Flaunt beat Ruby Sankey 4 i"
Dear Gaston beat Redwood I.ad, 33-i->. n ni ,
Iette beat Trotting Bob. 21-3; Mickey FreVheai
Cluster. 16-3; Beauty Gold a bye Beacon with
drawn; Tralee Boy beat Flying Pasha is o*
False Alarm beat Golden Links. 10-5- Sempro
nius beat Fancy Free. 8-5; Vandal fleat Clarice
fi-1; Silver Cloud beat Beluga 7-6- Master
Rocket beat Imperius 6-1; Fenli b'e»» 1 ¦ v-
H. 18-10; Rector beat T1UU R 0-2- Reckless
Acrobat beat Reta 8. 4-2; Lord Brazen beat
Progreso. 1.1-2; Cloverdale beat St. Conn 6 *-
Red Rock beat Jack Short. 7-1; Mount RnT:
beat Liberator. 9-8; Silver Heels beat Lo!
Angeles, 12-5. *
. Second round— Fnlr Tralee beat Prain*
Maid, K'-7; Haphazard beat Roman Athl'te
5-0: Belle Free beat Royal Archer" 8-3 Pafo
Alto beat; Al*y McDonald, 12-3: Rubber An
kles beat Rtno. :$-2: Real Article beat Roy
Hughle, 11-4; Flaunt beat America' 14-11-
Dear Gas ton beat Roulette. 7-2: Mickey Fre4
beat Beauty Gold, 12-0; Tralee Boy beat falsa
Alarm, 2-0; Vandal beat Sempronlus. 5-0- Mas
ter Rocket b*at Silver Cloud, 7-5; Rector beat
Fenil, 10-7; Lord Brazen beat Reckless Acro
fcat, 9-1. Cloverdale beat Red Rock, 10-e-
Mount Hose beat Stiver Heels. 4-2 '
Third round — Haphazard a bye. Fair Tralee
withdrawn; Palo Alto beat Belle Fr« S-7-
Rubier Ankles beat Flaunt, 14-3; Real' Arti
cle beat Dear Gaston. 7-1: Tralee ¦ Boy beat
Mickey Free. 8-2: Vandal beat Master Rocket
C-l: Lord Brazen a bye. Rector withdrawn-
Mount Rcse.beat Clovcidale, 9-2.
Fourth round — Palo Alto tjeat Haphazard.
Course — Consolation Event on
Admission Day.
Meets Lord Brazen in the Deciding'
PALO ALTO, IN FORM,
WINS THE OPEN STAKE
RUNS BY INNINGS.
Innings 1 2 3 4 5 « 7 8 0
Phoenix 3 0 0 0 0 0 0 1 x— 4
Hits :; 0 0 0 1 0 0 2 x «
Joaquins 2 O O O O 0 0 O O •'
lilts 4 O 1 O O 1 O O 0 — 6
OAKLAND, Sept. 6.— The Phoenix base
ball team of St. Mary's College defeated
the Joaquins to-day by a score of 4 to 2.
The feature of the game was Captain
Phelan's fielding. The college boys'
game was errorless. Following is the
score of runs and hits by innings:
Phoenix Team Win3.
Oakland— Portland —
AB. R. H. P. A. AB. K. H. P A
OHara,cf 3 112 0 Blake, rf 2 0 1 3 1
Franck.s 5 2 2 2 4jVBurn,cf 2 0 0 10
Mkmn.ob 4 10 0 4 Natk-u.lf 4 0 0 2 0
8chwz,2b 5 2 3 8 8 Frncts,3b 3 0 13 0
Mrdck.rf 4 12 10 Holling.a 3 0 0 2 6
Mesrly.lb 3* 0 0 14 0 Elsey, lb 3 0 0 9 2
Gorton, c. 5 0 12 0iKaidy,2b .Too 3 4
Kruger.lf 6 0 0 3 OShea.c... 3 0 0-4 1
Grahm.p 4 2 3 0 1 McFrln.p 3 0 0 10
Totals 38 9 12 27 17 Totals 26 0 2 27 14
RUNS AND HITS BT INNINGS.
Oakland 0 0 3 0 1 0 0 0 5 n
Base hits 1 0 4 1 2 0 0 0 4—12
Portland 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0
Base Lit* 1 0 0 0 00 10 0—2
SUMMARV.
Stolen bases — Francks " (2). Error — Reidy \
In both contests the target bearers
played the game to a fare-ye-well. They
could hit and run basts and field like
fiends, bo what chance could the Brown
lea possibly have? Tbe latter played
some good baseball and some bad ball.
For the most part they were steady, but
they were never for a minute in the
same class with Peter's Cripples in any
department of the game.
To Mr. Cooper and Mr. Graham, the
gentlemen who shoot the sphere with
their left mitts, goes the credit of both
victories. In each Instance they were
the greatest enemies of the Portland
batsmen and hold the latter safe all the
time. Then they received some swell
support, as one lonely error was made
during the progress of both games.
The afternoon struggle was a pretty
one, thpugh It was one-sided and devoid
of any sensational or* heartrending
features. The Cripples started during the
third and in a twinkling rolled up three
runs. Graham hit a' slow one to third
and O'Hara repeated the trick to short.
Francks scored Graham with a drive to
right. Moskiman went out. but Schwartz
came through with a double and the oth
er two landed.
One more was added to the list in the
fifth. Schwartz made his second double
and came straight home when Murdock
smashed a hot one past Ilolllngsworth.
The big thing was kept quiet till' the
game was all but over. Then the Crip
ples commenced to do a fe • real fancy
acts with their clubs. They finished up
the day's work by hammering in live
more tallies.
As usual. Graham started the fuss by
beating out a well-placed bunt. O'Hara
laid down another i<r>6 McFarlan threw
to second, but Graham beat the throw.
Francks forced OHara at second. Mos
kiman got a pass and '.he bags were
loaded. Schwartz chased in Graham and
Francks with his third double for the
day, a hard drive over third. Murdock
followed his example and two more tal
lied. To wind up the big show Gorton
also tore loose with another and Murdock
arrived with the last and ninth one for
the Cripples.
Portland never had a chance to score.
Only two hits were made off the bewil
dering assortment handed out by Gra-.
ham. Blake, the first man up, secured
one, and In the eighth Raldy hit the other
one. The score:
record by shutting out the
Brownies twice without a run. In the
morning they had the came copped from
the call of time and won, 3 to 0. During
the engagement at Recreation Park It
came still easier and they f.nlshed ahead,
9 to 0.
THK Cripples exhibited better
form on the diamond yesterday
than at any other time this sea
son. They also established a
riy the NVw York Morning Telegraph
First race^ — Whitmore, DawEon. 31
Caney.
Second race—Irene Mac, Blue Grass
Girl, Mistie.
Third race — Ingolthrift, Lady Free
Knight, Major Carpenter.
Fourth racer-Helen Print, Evea
G, Jordan.
Fifth race — Orleans, Barkelmore,
Revenge Dare.
Sixth race — Charles Ramsey, South
Breeze, Satin Coat.
Seventh race — Larry Wilt, Dr.
Clark, Morris Volmer.
Seventh race, one and a sixteenth miles,
•elling— Varna Foiw SO. Our I^ady 1)2, Kufrenla
B !C. l>r. Clark »7. Noweta 90, Balrd 105, Llttm
I.ol)< 07. Maple M7, Ida Penrance 102, Class
l>u<Je r U0. Morris Volmer 100. Larry WUt 100.
DELMAE SELECTIONS.
LOS ANGELES, Sept. 6.-J. W. Brooks,
president of the Los Angeles Racing As-
Mdatlott, han Just glveti out a list of the
stnkf'ss :md the officials v;ho will serve at
the fall meeting. October 10 to 31 Inclusive.
Th*> offici.-ils are as follows: General A.
W. Barrett, presiding judge; Ralph Tozer,
associate jiuJpe and clerk of course;
Richard Havcy, starter; Charles Saun
ders of Chlcaco. oftii-ial timer; Captain
Thomas F. Merry, secretary.
President Brooks has been advised that
the follou-ing stables will Bhip from Chi
cago In time for the meeting: Dr. H. E.
Ron-ell. Barney Sehreibcr, Charles F.
Saunders. lister Reiff Joe Cooper, James
Woods. C. E. Henshal'l. James Curl and
oihers. Among the best horses will be
Warte NIcht. Sir Hugh. Snowdrift, Char
lie Granger. Privateer. Kmshee, Imp.
Martima?, Imp. Marchmont, Imp. Hun
treppa. BraRg_ Quadra. Schwalbe, Otis.
Greenock. Gallant and others. There will
I)e fourteen harness stake?, one for J10O0
and the others for J.VX) each.
r.rown Vail flS. Peat KM5. South Breeze 99
Charles Kamyev Uti.
OFFICIALS ANNOUNCED
FOR LOS ANGELES RACES
(Pacific Coast League.)
W. L. Pet. W. L. Pet.
l.o? Angelea.flO 50 .0*1 Portland ....61 73 .»M
ban Fran NO Mi .WO t-eattle 57 78 .421
Sacramento .7.1 OS .51(i|uakland U5 80 .417
STANDING OF THE CLUBS,
Win Handily After Indulging Seattle
With the Lead for a Time.
Lfts ANGELES. Sept. 6.— The Seraphs In
dulged Seattle with the lead until the eighth
innlDK. when th«-y fell . upon Carrick for four
hits. These, coupled with numerous errors by
the visitors' infield, .netted four runs. Gray
was wild at first, but steadied down after the
fourtn inning nicely. Pillon and Lumley did
some hard hitting. Attendance, 4000. Score:
Los Anxt-lr.fi — I Seattle —
AB. R. H. P. A. I AB.'R. II. P.A.
Hoy. cf. 4 1 1 4 OiLumly.cf r» 2 4 1 0
VUiclr.3b 4 1 0 0 4iMohler,2b 3 0 14 2
Crbett,2b 3 2 2 O llUrashr.lb 8 1 1 « 3
Dillon. lb 4 2 3 14 OJSmlth. rf 5 0 O 3 0
Cravth.rf 4 12 3 o'zinssar.lf 3 0 0 2 0
ltoss, If. 4 O o 1 O'AndTV»,.Sb 3 1 2'O 0
Toman, s 4 0 O 3 3 Janslny.8 4 0 12 2
Spies, c. 4 0 2 2 ' 2 Byers c. 8 1 1 4 0
Gray, p. 4 0 0 0 3 Carrlck.p 4 0 12 1
' Totals. 35 7 10 27 13 • Totals. 35 5 11 24 8
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
Los Angeles 1 0 O 10 1 O 4 x — 7
Uase hits...... 2 o 0 2 1 1 O 4 x— 10
Seattle 2 0 <) 2 0 1 0 0 0—5
iiase hits 2 0 041201 1—11
SUMMARY,
Stolen bases — Dillon Lumley (2), Brashear.
Errors — Wheeler. Lumley, Mohler, Brashear.
Andrews. Janssing. Three-base hit — Dillon.
Two-base hits — An-Irews, Lumley. First base
on errors — L<* Angeles 1, First base on balls
— Off Gray, 3; off Carrick, 1. Sacrifice hits —
Mohler (2). Left on bases — Los Angeles 5,
Seattle 8. Struck out— By Gray, 1; by Carrick,
3. Time of game — Two hours and five minutes.
Umpire — McDonald. "
THIRTEEN RUNS FOB UNCLE.
His Men Bat Thomas Out of the Ijox
at Sacramento.
SACRAMENTO. Sept 6. — Thomas, who
opened In the pitcher's box for the Sacramen
tcs, had nothing good to offer and was batted
out Of the box In the fifth inning. Fitzgerald,
who relieved him. was.no better, and a fierce
batting rally ensued in which the visitors had
somewhat the .better of It and eventually won
out. Lindsey. who was twirling, for the <3an
Francisco team, was also batted freely. Score:
Sacramento— San Francisco —
' .AB. R. H. P.A. AB. R. H. P.A.
Casey 2b 6 1 3 3 . 1 Shay, «. 4 2 1 6 2
Hildbd.lf'6 0 2 3 <; Meany.rf 3 3 3 0 0
McLgn.rf 5 2 2 10 Irwin. 3b 5 1 2 4 3
VICTORY FOR LOS ANGELES.
Cooper in Great Form.
The morning game on the Oakland
grounds was an easy one for the Cripples
to get away with. Cooper was about Rt
his best and the Brownies never could
get near. his goods. Shields was in the
box for the Brownies after a long Illness
and the Cripples got him often, but not
often enough to have counted had not
his supporters committed eight errors
behind Mm. Willie O'Hara secured all
thrro runs for the Cripples. The score:
Portland— t Oakland—
All. K. H. FVA.i AB. R. II. V.A.
liiake.rf :t »• 1 1 i^O'IIra.cf 4 :i S 0 il
V Uurn.cf :i 11 o i u'KranckP.s ."» O () 1 fi
KHdeau.ir 4 0 0 2 ll.Mkmn.ab 3 U 1 O 2
Kaldy.Sb 4 (» O 4 « f.hwrtx.2b 4 0 0 4 4
Frr.cis.Sb 4 0 2 2 2jMurdk.rf 4 0 15 1
HlgRwh.ii :i 0 I) 3 2 Mesrly.lb 2 0 0 18 0
Else?, lb 2 0 1 11 l](Jf)rton. c 3 0 0 » 0
Hes». c. :; 0 0 3 2.Kruger,lf 3 0 0 1 0
Shlelds.p .T O 1 0 4 Cooper, p 4 0 1 0 4
Totals. 29 0 5 27 111 Totals. 30 3 5 27 10
RUNS AND HITS HY INNINGS.
Oakland 1 0 1 0 1 0 0 0 0—3
Hane hllM 0 0 10 2 0 0 0 2— !i
Portland o 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 it— 0
Heps hits 0 10 0 10 12 0—5
SUMMARY.
- Stolen base — O'Hara. Errors — Raldy (2),
HelllnRsworth CZ), Elsey (2), Blake. Cooper,
Frafictl. Two-base hits— ITanclo. O'Hara. Sac
rifice hits— FrunckH, Mos<kiman, MeMerly. First
base on errors— Portland 1. Oakland fi. Flrpt
base on called balls — OfT Shields, 4; oft Cooper,
2. Left on bases — Portland 5. Oakland 7.
Struck out— By Shield?, 2; by Cooper. 2. Hit
by ' pitcher — Kisey. Double plays — Blake to
Shields to Ratdy to Elscy, to Francis; Murdock
to Franrks; Francks to Schwartz to Messerly;
Cooper to Schwartz to Mosserly. Time of game
— One hour and thirty-five minutes. Umpire —
Le\y.
Two-base hits — Schwartz (.*?), Murdock. Gor
ton. Sacrifice hltis — Van Uuren, Meaeerly,
O'Hara. Fi^st base on errors — Oakland 1.
First base on called balls — OfT Graham .1. oft
McFarlan 4. IWt on ba!«es— Oakland 8. Port
land 4. Struck out— By McFarlan 8, Hit by
pitcher — Van Huron. Double plays — Francks
to Schwartz: Franckg to Schwartz to Meseerly;
Blake to El«ey. Time of game — 2:00. Um
pire — Levy.
Eajran. „ 4 1 37 i!l.o a hy,lb 5 O 2 « 1
'fwnwi.lb 5 115 JiZe'rfobS.c 3 2 1 1 O
Sh^hn.^b 4 2 12 l'lCrug. cr B 2 3 3 O
I>cyle, cf 5 o 1 1 (>' Lynch. It 5 1 1 5 2
Grahm.c 4 2 12 llDelms,2b 4 2 4 2 4
Thomai«.p 2 0 0 0 II Llndsey.p 4 0 111
Pltzgld.p 0200 0;
j Totals. 38 13 18 27 13
Totals.:;'.* 11 It 2-4 »l
RUNS AXL> HITS BV INNINGS.
Sacramento 0 0 0 2 0 U 0 :; 0 — 11
Rise hits 10O20153 2— 11
San Francisco 0 0 024133 x— 13
Uase hits 0 0 2 3 5 2 2 4 x— 18
SUMMARY.
Stolrn bases — Oraham, Meany (2). I^eahy,
I>elma». Errors — Doyle, Delmas. Hits made —
OfT Thomas. 1O; oft Fitzgerald. 8. Three-base
hits — Mc-Laughlin. Eagan (2), Krug, Delma9.
Casey. Two-base hits— Lynch. Delmas. Sacri
fice hits — Meany, Lindsey. First base on "er
rors — Sacramento 1. First ba»e on halls — Off
Thomas. 4; oft Fitzgerald, 4; off Lindsey, 4.
iA-ft on bases! — Sacramento 0, San Francisco II.
Struck out — By Thrmasi. 1: by Lindsey. 1. Hit
by pltohei — Sheehan. Double plays — Lynch to
Leahy; Kagan (unaspisti-d); Irwln to Drlrna-j
to Leahy. Wild pitch— Thomas. Time of pmx
—Two hours and fifteen minutes. Umpire —
O'Conncll.
THE NEZ PERCE INDIAN* FROM THE CHEMAWA SCHOOL WHO AR
RIVED YESTERDAY TO JOIN THE PORTLAND BASEBALL TEAM,
FOR WHICH HE WILL. PITCH DURING THIS WEEK'S SERIES.
Sheepshead Bay Race May
Decide the Equine
Championship.
L. J. Rpubold of Battery D. First Artil
lery Regiment, who will go to Sacramento
to compete for champion honors with the
other National Guardsmen of the State
who have scored 90 per cent, tried his.
hand with the musket and made an av
erage of 2i points, military rules.
Thf ccmir.K seml-nnrrual festival of the
California Schuetzrn Club In one of the
great event? of the year among riflemen
and is looked forward to with much In
terest. The, rangfs will soon see new
faces at the butt?, practicing at the dif
ffr^nt targets to get In trim for the final
ovent of the reason. Many marksmen
rrcm the Interior of the State have sig
nified thoir Intention to take part in the
affair.
Pistol annex — Georice Tammejer, 00, 71; Wil
liam K. Ula?se. £8. S2; J. Kullmann 82; John
Boiler. 80: M. F. Blasse. 7«5 75; L. J Reubold.
;5. 74; H»nry Kuhls. 62. 47; T. J. Carroll. 69^
Eiiuracht Schuetr.en Club, monthly medal
ehoot— Champion c!ar«. Fred A. Kuhls, 400;
John Yung. ."{9.J; C. Auer. 311; F. Hagerup,
- ¥ .V»; C. Itilier. ."i»; J. Z-jhn. 3O». First cla*i>.
»"harips \on Uartwiir 31S. Second class F.
KggTllnjr. 3«S; \V. Ru?hcr :;2C; O. Xagel
2^5. Third class. H. Schrojrr. EHi; C. "W'al
dan. 2C3. BeFt flrM rhot. C. Mul!fr. 23. Last
but shot. F. Egferilng, 2L Adam Brehm
trophy. W. Rusher.
California Schuetzen Club, monthly medal
ehoot— First champion class. Otto Bremer7 213,
1217; A. Strecktr. ilrt. 219. Second champion
class. John U Utschlg, 225; A. Rahwyler, 179,
220; Al Gehret. 214. 218; F. A. Kuhls. 197:
Otto UurmeUter.. 174 1!X>. First class. George
Tammjyer. 105 21«. Second clas* J. Kull
mann, 1?4. 182; A. von Wyl 174; William F.
Hlasse, 200. 210; LouU J. Keubold. 100 179;
Frank Suter. 154. Third class. William Nol
den. 123. 149; C. gagehorn. 103, 153; F. C.
Hagerup. 172. 157: Henry Kuhls. 101. Ifi»;
Louis Thlerbach. 204. 205; Frand Rlede 178.
177; M. F. Hartter, 189 1«2; M. Reubold. 105,
15H. Fourth cla.«*. F .?. Povey. 1C9 160; Max
Kolander. 190. :M4; E<1 Englander.' 165 166;
Charles von Hartwig 1C0? 174; John Boiler,
146, 127; Frank Vorwerk, 1S6, 123; Fred
Levers. 12."i J«N. Cadet clas?, Frank H. Bre
roer, 190; Henry Becker. ISS, 131.
Five best tickets— Al Gehret; most
points— A. Studer; first bullseye— A. von
Wyl; first 25— A: Studer. The results fol
low:
California Schuetzen Club Park present
ed an animated appearance yesterday
with marksmen endeavoring to make a
score that would do credit to their skill
as riflemen. The San Francisco Grutli
Club held its annual grumpel shoot and
competed at the honorary targets. In ad
dition to shooting for most points and
best centers.
A. Rahwyler, the veteran sharpshooter,
who upheld the honor of California at the
Centennial festival, when this State car
ried off the shooting honors against the
world, was high man on the honorary tar
get with the good score of 70 rings. He
also made 220 rings In hla ten-shot com
petition at the California Schuetzen Club.
Evidently the old champion is getting into
form again for the coming festival.
John L. Utschig was far ahead of all
the Ekilled riflemen In the medal shoot of
the California Club with the fine score of
225 rings in his ten-shot string.
The result of the prire shooting of the
Grutli Schuetzen Club follows: Honorary
target, A. Rahwyler, 70; A» Gehret, 68; A.
Studer, 68; G. H. Hauser, 68; A. von Wyl,
6S.
Sixth race, one and three~*lxtee.nth miles
Mllina-— Lord Roberts 90. The Bobby 80, The
Way 107. Kentucky Cardinal 99. Satin Ooat 9fl.
Fifth race. s«ven furlonirs, rellinr — Llnden
rllB. 100. Weird »5. Barkelmore 10«. The Btew
!"¦¦!» 100, Ethel Oavl« JO.'.. Revenge Dare 105
Echo Dale lf»5. Orleans 100, L'na Price 100
El Rey 105. Montana Peeress 100. Kweet Char
ity 105. Nearest JC3, Tom Oolllns 108.
Fourth race, mile and seventy yards. Labor
Pay handicap — .Pourquol Pas 97. Kvea G 68
W. B. Gates US. Dave Sommers 90. Helen Prlni
101. Jordan 110.
Third race, five and a half furlongs, purse
Xi!o 08, Lord Hermence 101, Wigwam 101 Lady
Frte Knight I««, Ingolthrlft 101. Quaker Girl
If*. Major Carpenter 106. Comora 98. Wenrlck
Km. Our LHIle 103. W. P. Palmer 103, Jehaae
ifS. Bt. Noel 103. Tou»ee 103.-
I Fourth race. Twin City handicap. on» and
a <iuarier mile*— Douro 1 J». Igniter JOS. His
Kmlnrnce Km. Phorthone 1OS. Waterboy IS4,
Afrkandfr HTi. Sheriff Hell VZ. Proper 97, In
junction 1!>. -Th-rreycroft «2> Adlos MS.
Caupfcnawara 111, ItcCbesoey 1:9. Hrrisi* l'J9.
Fifth ra<e. filli*-*. two-vear-o!ds, five and a
half (urlnn>;s of Fu'urity rniiw, Kfillnie — <"an
talouj*- KM. Lumlnr>?1ty* 1(13, Foltn Room 105,
¦'¦.,•._•:•¦ 104. Inhtana 1<" 1'nrple 1 1 is !>:».
Kunnycide. 107. < harter 1<-7. Vlona 1O1. lleve
laUaa :•*. Tul Snri tt«. Mor.3<-ll« U». Shortcake
'¦•"•. For Luck 104. Mlmon JM. Jennioe 84. Vagary
!M. t^t. Roma 'M. WiFt«ria «.r,. Lndy Mirthful
!'? Piroente Ntf. Drmlny~»4T^ — "
Pixth rat", orf and thrpr-«juartor miles, on
t'jrf. handicap — Ixird Its. dice ST. Clr.'ua 'M. Moon
Paivy Ml. N!< I»n«worth Sti.
SHEEFSHEAD SELECTIONS.
Hjr the New York Morning Telegraph.
First race — Foxhunter, Fulminate,
Ctep Lightly,
Second race — Leonora Loring,
Plater. Ilurstbourae.
Third race — Jocund, Hazelwood.
Jirn Ktlly.
Fourth race — Injunction, Short
hcs3. Afiicander.
Fifth race — Revelation, For Luck,
leiiiana.
Sixth race — Circus, Moon Daisy,
Lord Budge.
HARLEM ENTRIES.
<~TIIOAGO, Hr-r^ , <: — liarlem entrien:
Firrt rae.-. fix lurlongs— Hindus 10U, Waln
nmoinen 108. Monsifur lieaucaire 100. fniza
<i»e 1KJ. Grejtor K 103, Floral Wrfath 1W, 8y|
via Taibot 1««. Paul Wlialey ICQ, IVEtrenr.e
l'<>. Beila of Milford I0i». Htem Winder 97. The
Meteor '»7. Flr«t Attempt M. Red Jtaven a4,
Willful M.
Second race. Bteejilechas-e, short roi:rite. har.dl
«?ji — Golden l^lnk 3«*5. Huke of York lM, Senator
Mutts 15.5, KalWla H.I. Trer.ct the Mere 13R,
H»p Dash VM. Paulak»r i:rj. Kd Adack 140.
K\r lloe IS, Anth'W IXt. rlrrt i'arx ISO, Coro
n»«ni> i:;f. ;.¦:.-•. ii:s. Mt. Ito^e 127.
Thitd race, one and three-sixteenth mllee.
$Si«»i, Twentieth <"«iituo.' handicap — Judge
Mime* 11',. iriaude 115. Six Shooter 115. Nitrate.
114. H<u*.:» ]<'7, Ur. i^tephf ns UK, Major Tenny
V7. The Don W. Lary Crawford 'JO.
Fi^urih race, four and a half furlor.g!" — Fretl
L'pjert IU, ForeMght I0S. William Wripht
1«A Canr-lne 1(,5. <;ot>i«>-rflpld 105. St. I'arls Kt5
Pr.l Smith 105. Patpy Brown 10t'. Ivatie Powers
IT. Touchnonc 1C2. Anne I>avig ]C2. Khaltan
102, T.jkalon 102. Silk Mold 102. Jiadger Oirl
Hi, Shawana 1(17.
Fifth race, one mile— sdiwalte 104 Ixmls- !
rflU «7. Talra K. Linguist »t. McGee 90
Xicht fl4, Hy Weys «7.
Sixth race. n;lle and mtrtmtf y»rd». selling—
?'harlle Thoir.r*on IO5, Miracle II lC*i, Carat
1W, Jove l<ru. Frank M 4«S. Mr. Dingle US Max
¦Rendix in. Hard of Avon !IS. Klnford «7 Uady
Matrhlejt«« 96. Fair 1 Jidy Anna fl.'i. Fading K!)tht
1'5, lioFf Water 9.:. llnnh 15t D3, Dr. Inland 01
HARLEM SELECTIONS.
By the Chicago Inter Ocean.
First race — Hindun, Sylvia Taibot,
Red Raven.
Second race — Golden Link, Duke of
York, Flalella.
Third Tee — Six Shooter, Claude,
Hargis.
Fourth race — Copperfield, William
Wright, Foresight
Fifth race — JJcGee, Talpa, By
Ways.
Sixth race — Fading Light, Bard of
Avon, Brush By.
DELMAB ENTRIES.
FT. LOUIS, Sept. C— Delmar entries :
Ftr«t race, one and a ptxteenth mllee. Belling
— The Advocate 9.1. D"Arcy 90, Divun «7,
branch Vr2, El Caney 100. Einstein 100, Croe»
molina. M~, Model Monarch C3, Whitmore 87
Oiitk««ha hTt. Kinft'e Court 87, Socapa 100.
Second race, eix furlongs, eelling — Whiten
n. Sealfkin 05. Mi«« Manners 109, Mlctle 95,
!•¦!••*! 11.'.. Irene Mac 95. Leila May 100. Harp
lithe 90. Aylnwr Bruce fi3. After the Ball 101
Uottie Hhute 10G. Blue Grass Girl 101.
Third race, the far;>hlre. five and a half
furione* of PulUllty course— Luxembourg ICS,
"I*'T'if 11*-. Gold^si Dmp 11^, .Tocund 118. J«c
<juin 108, JIM Kelly MS. C.racerul 115, Raider
1*2. llur.clwood 121. Yellow Hammer 10S,
Artriutha irri, Mcllnoi li*. Dimple 105, fit.
Valentine U>.
Second race, three- vear-nl<J» ar.d up. etx fur-
Icnpn. on main track— Hursibourne rj(i, Mono
¦Taph 113, I^euncra Ix>rinp 110. PariFienne 1«S.
Wild Thyme It*. Olympian 113. Invincible IU,
Wealth 120. AuriMVIIle 108. Plater 123, The
EUval JI<». Mamie Worth 11.1.
NEW YORK, i*pt. «.— Sheepshead Bay en
tries:
First ra<<\ Fteepleoha?*. short cnurs* — Ful
xrinatp IT*? Ten Candles 1M. Wood Pigeon 15.5.
Ftpp Lightly ir^. Fox Hunter US. fllver TwM
i;:7. Genar 2«5.
SHEEPSHEAD ENTRIES.
"McCbesney is a great hors?," said
Madden, "and will make a whole lot of
trouble for some of the cracks here before
;.jng. You cannot throw a horse out of
• raining: for two month* and rxpect to
make him show his be*t form in one race.
Smatbera' hor?e ran a superb race against
Th* Minutrman and convinced me that he
:.- of championship material. Some paper
quoted me as calling him a 'duffer,' a re
mark I never made, even in a spirit of
fun. Had McOhPsncy boon actually Mm-
Ktlf. you can say for m<\ The Minuteman
would have had to create a new worlds
record fcr a mile to win."
ticChesaey will go to the post in rare
form. His line race again?t The Minute
inan on Tuesday vut him on edge. J. E.
Madden said to-day that if a chance were
rfferod he would decline to run The Mm
ute-man against "'Big Mac" in another
race.
Hermis has pretty thoroughly demon-
Ftrated that h<* does not care for a race
nt more than a mile and a quarter at
most. If he starts to-morrow he will take
up 129 pounds, the same weight to be
handled by McChesney. As owner Smath
< r«= 5*id positively to-day that McChesney
vould face the starter In tne Twin City.
many turfmen expressed tfte hope that
neither Waterboy nor Hermis would
dodsre th«> jc^ue.
Because of his victory in the Century
snakes Watorboy, if he goes in the Twin
City* will have to take up a five-pound
r*nalty, which will make nis Impost 134
pounds. Because of this turfmen are In
clined to believe to-day that he might not
fin, although no definite line on the llag
gin stable's plans could be obtained.
NEW YORK. Sept. 6.— In the Twin City
handicap at one and a auarter miles, to
be run at Sheepshead Bay to-morrow, it
Is possible that McChesney, who Is a
pure starter, may meet either Waterboy
or Hermis. or both. Should Waterboy
i>nd Hcrm'.s. because of their participa
tion In the Century stakes on Saturday,
bo withdrawn. McChesney probably will
run up against a hard field. Including: the
champion three-year-old of the year,
Africander, together with men good race
horses as Caughnawaga, Injunction,
Fhorthose and others.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Annual Grumpel Shoot of
the Grutli Club at San
Rafael.
McChesney, Hermis and
Waterboy Carded for
To-Day.
Rahwyler and Utschig
Lead All Riflemen
on the Range.
STIRS OF TURF
TO FACE FLAG
VETERANS SHOW
MARKED SKILL
THE SAN FRAKCISCO CALL, 1VIOJNDAY, SEPTEMBER 7, 1903.
6
„ ADVEKTISEMENT3.The Swedish Singing Society of San
Francisco gave its annual Bellman festi
val and moonlight picnic at Shell Mound
yesterday. More than 1000 guests were in
attendance during ihe afternoon end
evening and all had a very enjoyable
time. The » flair was in charge of the
following named committees:
Arrangements— A. Pihlstrom. D. Molan
rfcr. 1>. Gisslon-. Reception— E. Egnel, C.
Molde. F. Wallin, C. Sandahl. M- Peter-
Fon, C. Sjoqvist, E. Hogbcrg. Floor— C.
R. Gardclius, J. .Nelson, A. Bundt, F.
Emith. II. Forsburg. Games— A. Ong
man. Miss M. Schutzberg. Miss, I.
Kredrikron. Mrs. O. Sandah!, Mrs. C.
Gardelius. Fireworkfi— D. Molander, A.
Ongman. Ladies* rucssing contest— N.
Kronfelt. Mis* A. Lundgren, Mrs. L.
CImIow. :. t.
Hold Successful Outing.
Field day for girls drew a large crowd
to the public playgrounds at Seventh and
Harrison Btreets yesterday afternoon. The
games were held under the supervision
of Superintendent Henley and the list of
entries was large. Prizes were awarded
as follows: Rope skipping for girls un
der 7 years— Madeline Griffin, 214 times;
Margaret Boight, 206 times: for 12 year
old girls— Maude Berry. 418 times; Ida
Crowe, 271 times; Anna O'Toole, 221 times;
Miss Lorden, 200 tiroes: footrace for 14
year old girls— won by Theodora Frldl;
foot race for 12 year old girls, divided into
five races— winners, Relna Riorclan, Grace
Long, Madeline McMahon, Annie Norton
and Rose Maron.
Girls' Games at Playground.
The Coroner was notified last evening
by the officials in charge of the Waldeck
Sanitarium that Mrs. Mary A. Mills, who
died In that institution last evening, had
come to her death from septicaemia fol
lowing a criminal operation. The de
ceased had been under the care of Dr.
Alfred McLaughlln and was admitted to
the hospital on September 1. O^ng to
her precarious condition an immediate
operation was necessary and she was ac
cordingly operated upon. According to
John E. Behan, brother of the dead wom
an, she informed him that she had per
formed the first operation herself. It is un
derstood that Dr. McLaughlin has a signed
statement exonerating him from any par
ticipation in this operation. Deceased re
sided at 1412 L c strest with her husband,
Valentine Mills, an employe of the Cali
fornia Fireworks Company, and was 33
years of age.
Deteictlve Ross Whitaker has l>een de
tailed on the rase and will make an in
vestigation. Upon the solicitation of the
relatives the body was not removed to the
Morgue.,; v
Death to Be Investigated.
PARIS, Sent. 7.— In an interview pub
lished In the Gaulols this morning, Munir
Pasha, the Turkish Ambassador, declares
the published stories of atrocities and
massacres in Macedonia to be grossly ex
aggerated. Though such acts may have
been committed by Turkish soldiers, he
says, they are mere isolated Instances
and acts of reprisal for similar deeds
committed by the Insurgents. Turkey
wants peace, he says, and has mobilized
a sufficient force to crush all opposition,
which is the best means to prevent blood
shed and secure peace. Munir Pasha does
not believe there will- be war with Bul
garia, as Prince Ferdinand desires peace.
He asserts that much of the money of the
Insurgents came from the ransom of
Miss Stone, the American missionary.
Munir -Pasha Thus Designates Re
ported Turkish Atrocities...^.. ;
MERE ACTS OF REPRISAL.
TUSCOLO, 111., Sept. 6.— Two men at
tempted to assassinate Mayor Charles L.
McMasters last night as he was entering
his barn to put up his horse after a drive.
The men were concealed In the barn and
attacked Mayor McMasters with paving
bricks, felling him . twice with blows on
the head. One blow was struck from be
hind. The Mayor fought off the assail
ants and they fled. The Mayor believes
he recognized the men as friends of two
women he had arrested yesterday. No
arrests have been made.
Attack Him With Paving Bricks and
Badly Wound Him on the
Head.
ASSASSINS ASSAULT
THE MAYOR OF TUSCOLA
BENQUE IS COMMITTED
TO AN INSANE ASYLUM
Man Who Sent Threatening Letter
to Secretary Hay Is Declared to
Be Irresponsible.
NEW YORK, Sept. 6.— Francis W.
Benque, who sent a threatening letter to
Sacretary of State Hay and who for years
has given trouble to officials at Washing
ton with letters, was to-day declared in
sane by Dr. Gregory in the psychopathic
ward at Bellevue Hospital. He will be
committed to an institution for the In
sane for permanent care.
Dr. Gregory to-night said that Benque's
mania is that he is being persecuted.
Benque even to-day wrote several letters.
He says himself that he wrote to Mr.
McKinley among others. ,
NEWTON, Mass.. Sept. G. — Rev. Dr. Alva!
Hovey, one of the beat known Baptist clergy
men in tho country and for many years presl
dent of the Newton Theological Institute, die.
to-night, aged 83 years.
Henry Frank of the Metropolitan Inde
pendent Church, New York City, lectur
ing at Golden Gate Hall yesterday, made
an attack upon what he called "the hypo
critical cry 'of Christendom for vengeance
on the unspeakable Turk." He said that
because there recurs the occasional mas
sacre of Christians on the borders of the
Sultan's possessions the Christian pulpits
of Europe and America thunder ever and
anon with outcries of vengeance, not
hesitating, he said, to demand even the
utter annihilation of the proverbial sick
man of the Eastern Continent. Pulpiteers,
he said, are once more using all Christen
dom to undertake the task of overthrow-
Ing the power of the Porte at the risk of
an international war and the shedding of
rivers of human blood.
Frank Attacks Pulpiteers.
It is about 800 miles from here by roads
to Fort Myer, and acting under orders of
the War Department, the artillery will
march the entire distance, carrying with
it all of its equipment. The -men will
ride on the cannon and ammunition car
riages and the mules in the command. It
is expected that the distance will be cov
ered in about forty-five days.
CHATTANOOGA, Tenn., Sept. 6.— The
Third United States Artillery, which has
been stationed at Chickamauga Park for
nearly two years, leaves on Tuesday for
Fort Myer, Va., where It will be perma
nently located. The organization, con
sisting of about 300 men, will undertake
the longest march ever attempted in time
of peace by .a body of the regular army.
Troops Stationed at Chickamauga
Park Will Proceed by Road
to Fort Myer.
ARTILLERY WILL MARCH
EIGHT HUNDRED MILES
For rrxt Sunday afternoon a thrilling
balloon race is on the tapis. Professor
Voszner. whose fame is known from one
end of thp continent io the other, will en
ur with Mile. Anetl. A purse of VM
tea b'-en put up and the winner takes it
all In addition to this many new at-
ESS to ~ bcc " ***" '" the Pr ~
High Class Vaudeville and Various
Concessions Enliven Peoule at
the Beach.
The attractions at Coney Island, the
r.cw place of amusement at the Ocean
Beach, were well patronized yesterday.
Crowds sv.-armed Into the spacious
prounds at all hours during the <3ay and
wc-re entertained until a late hour in the
t vening. The place, with its free vaude
vi!!e show and concessions, is worthy of
attention and its merit is resoonsible for
the laige increase in travel octanward on
SundPiS.
The open air vaudeville was of a high
« lass. Kvery person who stepped on the
EtaSe was an artist and received a shower
rf applause. Among the most clever were
Muea La Var. in serio-comic specialties;
Hazzard. the Great, as a ventriloquist and
cornet soloist: I^aurance Bees, In clever
s-pecialtits; Roxie and Way^ie, in comedy
fetches; and Lawrence D's and D's Ella,
the dude and dudine of colored aristoc
racy. All of the concessions afforded
more than the ordinary interest and the
lesort is destined to become one of the
crcatfsi of its character. The manage
ment is making constant improvements
with a view to comfort and entertainment
of visitors.
LARGE CROWDS VISIT
THE NEW CONEY ISLAND
Isaac N. Thome, a well-known and re
spected attorney of this city, passed away
yesterday at the age of 80 years, after
an illness of one week. In apite of Mr.
Thome's advanced age, he remained In
the practice of his profession until a
week ago at 610 Montgomery street.
In 1S43 Mr. Thome crossed the plains
and upon his arrival in San Francisco be
gan an active career. He came of good
Quaker stock, his _late father, Stephen
Thorne, having been a prominent member
of the Friends in New York City.
Not long after the arrival of his son In
this city, Stephen Thorne also came %o the
Coast and cast his lot here. The late
Isaac Thorne married Miss Bryant,
daughter of the late Colonel Bryant of
this city.
A widow and five children. Andrew
Thorne, the attorney. Dr. I. W. Thorne,
Julian Thorne, Mrs. Louis Marshall and
Miss Edith Thorne. at present In New
York survive.
Sturdy Octogenarian Practiced as an
Attorney Until Within Week
of His Death.
ISAAC N. THORNE PASSES
AWAY AT RIPE OLD AGE.
Please don't talk to me of doing: business
through governmental machinery, it is one
collossal exhibition of waste, extravagance and
incompetence.
KANSAS CITY,* Sept. 6.— Charles Fran
cis Adams of Boston In a letter to R. T.
Snediker, a local single tax advocate,
uses very strong language to express his
opposition to, any plan of municipal own
ership or control of street railway lines.
He says the municipal system In use In
Glasgow would lead to a riot In twenty
four hours If tried in Kansas City. Says
Adams:
I can only say that, as a result of careful
official examination on my part. I have never
jet seen In Europe anywhere a case of munici
pal or public transportation worthy of an in
stant's consideration, as compared with our
own. We here in America do things In the
transportation line which in Europe they do
not even dream of, and wherever a Govern
ment lays its hands on a line It becomes,
compared with our system, paralyzed at once.
The fact Is, when It cornea to handling: pri
vate business, any and every Government Is,
in my opinion, utterly Incompetent, whether
it is a water system, schooja, rallroadn. tele
graph, postofflce or what not. Every time
private enterprise would do It four times
as well at about half the cost.
Special Dispatch to The Call,
Charles Francis Adams
Opposes Public
Ownership.
PITTSBURG,. Sept. 6.— A deputation of
Pittsburg Salvationists, under the leader
ship of Staff Captain White, will leave
Wednesday for the feud district of Ken
tucky and undertake the work of reform
ing the feudlsts. The objective point will
be Breathitt County. The party will be
made up, outside of a few of the officers
in the work in this city, of members of
the local army who volunteer to give
their time to the work, and it Is likely
that by the time the party is ready to
start next week there will be quite a
formidable array of local workers In the
party. The reception which the members
of the army will receive In the counties
to be invaded Is a matter of grave doubt
to many interested in the work, but those
who are going seem to have no fear of
the manner In which they will be treated.
WiH Start Religious Crusade
in Breathitt County.
Deputation of Pittsburg Salvationists
WILL TRY TO REFORM
THE KENTUCKY FEUDISTS
"We are badly hampered for accommo
dation in the prison during the winter
months," said the- Chief, "and I antici
pate that this will be a hard winter for
the criminal element. Besides our own
we have to accommodate United States
prisoners, but I am endeavoring to have
them sent to the Alameda County Jail,
where there Is plenty of room.
"The space occupied by the cells could
have bera much more economically util
ized, giving much more accommodation
for prisoners, and I will lay the matter
before the proper authorities and see
what can be done to remedy the defect.
If the building were extended to Dunbar
alley on the Washington street side that
¦would do awav with the congestion for
years to come and I hope the taxpayers
will vote favorably on the proposition to
purchase the building on Washington
street to effect that much desired object."
Chief Wittman made an inspection of
the City Prison yesterday -with the object
of peeing what epace, if any, could be
utilized for more cell accommodation for
the comine winter, when there will be
the usual increase In the number of pris
oners.
Chief of Police Wittman Is Concerned
About the Coming
Winter.
MORE CELL ACCOMMODATION
1TEEDED IN CITY PRISON
D. Jannopoulo, Grecian Consul at St.
Louis, and wife, who have been in thi3
State for a number of weeks, returned to
the Palace yesterday from a visit to the
Yosemite Valley.
Senator Francis J. Newlands of Nevada,
who has been in the city for several days,
left last evening for Europe, where he
expects to remain two months. Mrs.
Newlands will remain in Washington dur
ing her husband's absence.
Leopold von Breton and Alexander Mar
tin, lieutenants of the German army, who
are attached to the German Embassy at
Washington, are staying at the Palace
They have been visiting the city for a
week, during which time they have been
the guests of Senator Newlands, with
whom they have inspected various points
of interest about San Francisco.
George J. Dunbaugh of Pueblo and Hill
Orahood of Denver arrived at the Palace
last evening. They are here for the pur
pose of securing hotel accommodations
for the Knights Templar of Colorado,
who will attend the conclave to be held In
this city next year. Governor Peabody of
Colorado was to have accompanied them
to the city, but abandoned the trip owing
to the threatened riots In his State, which
demanded his personal attention.
Mr. and Mrs. Truxtun Beale returned
yesterday from a trip abroad and are
staying at the Palace.
Fred Swanton, head of a number of en
terprises In Santa Cruz, is at the Palace.
L. G. Kanake, a wealthy resident of
Honolulu, and wife ara registered at the
California.
B. Llnderberger, a mining man of Black
Diamond, is among the latest arrivals at
the Occidental.
Dr. Robert Legge of McCloud Is at the
Occidental. .
M. J. Newmark, a merchant of Los An
geles, is at the Palace.
Railroad Commissioner A. C. Irwln of
Marysvllle is at the Lick.
H. W. O'Melveny, an attorney of Los
Angeles, is at the Palace.
Edward F. Ross, a hardware man of
New York > is at tne Palace.
Ernst Moses, a' mining man of Wood
Island, Alaska, Is at the California.
Judge and Mrs. J. W. McKinley of Los
Angeles are registered at the Palace.
Joseph Ullman, an attorney of New
York City, is registered at the Palace.
An advance in the matter of educational
r"juirerr.cnt for matriculation Is to be en
iorc^d next year, for students applying
for «adrnipsion must have received diplo
mas from high schools or academies ac
credited to the State University. Students
vill not be received after ten days from
tr>e opening of the college.
The faculty of the college consists of
I^-njamsn Ide Wheeler. L.L.D.. president
<'f the university; L. J^. Dunbar, D. D. S..
<rrs»>ritU8 professor operative dpntistry: C.
L. Goddard. A. M.. D. D. S.. emeritus pro
lessor of orthodonUa; Harry P. Carlton.
1». D. S.. d<an, professor of operative den
i*stry; M. J. Sullivan, M. D., professor of
l.atholopy. therapeutics and materia med
jca; A. A. d'Ancona, A. B., M. D., pro
fessor of physiology ; J. M. Williamson,
M. D., professor of anatomy: J. D. Hodg
en, D. D. S.. professor of metallurgy and
< h«>miftry; W. F. Sharp. D. D. S., D. M.
L>., professor of prosthetic chemistry: C
A. I^itton, D. D. S.. professor of ortho
dontia, and James G. Sharp, D. D. S.,
M. D., processor of surgery.
Twenty-Second Annual Session of
Dental College to Be Fittingly
Observed.
An interesting event will take place this
fifternoon at 3 o'clock at the Dental Col
'•ege. Affiliated Colleges of the University
<jf California, on Parnassus avenue. The
occasion marks the twenty-second annu.il
of the college, and the cerensonit3
will partake somewhat of an anniversary
.*ridr«-sses are to be made by Dr. J. D.
Hoog*n of the faculty and Dr. Harry P.
Cvlton, dean of the college.
The college inaugurates a four-year i
"un=e with the present session, the for
mer course having been three years. This
• 'jlifg^ is the first one in the United States
• r~' Muire a four-year course of nine
months each. ¦
FACULTY AND STUDENTS
WILL HEAR ADDRESSES
PERSONAL MENTION.
ROME, Sept. 6.— Deputy Ferri, the edi
tor of. the" Socialist paper Avanti, who
was acaultted on September 2 of the
charge of libeling the navy brought
against him by thirty-five naval officers,
the acquittal being on the ground that
the latter could not represent the whole
navy, has filed an interpellation to be
made on the rcopenlnsr of the chamber,
insisting again on a Parliamentary in
quiry into the condition of the navy from
the time of the battle of Llssa"ln*1566rin
which the Italians were defeated by the
Austrians, until the present time. It was
on the occasion of a previous attempt to
obtain a Parliamentary inquiry that Sig
nor Ferri made his attacks on the navy
which led to the suit for libel being
brought against him. It is believed, how
ever, that before the reopening of the
Chamber Premier Zanardelll will appoint
a committee of naval investigation, as he
promised when the proposition for an in
quiry was previously rejected by the
Chambers.
Deputy Feni, Recently Acquitted of
Xiibel, Demands That Parlia
ment Conduct Inquiry,
WANTS ITALIAN NAVAL
AFFAIRS INVESTIGATED
t0 - . ¦
Field, staff and band. First Infantry Na
tional Guard of California. State shoot with
pistol at 50 yards— Col. Thonas F. O'N'ell. 34;
Lieutenant Colonel J. F. Connelly. 40; Major
F. J. McCreagh. 40: Lieutenant J. J. West,
17: Lieutenant F. W. Hammond. 24; William
Utschlg 40; Charles Adams. 42; Harry Grif
fith 25; Harry Payson. 46; Edward Worth '25
Deutscher Kriegrer Verein, medal shoot — First
champion class. Georgre Hetzel. 410; champion
class, John Bender, 330: first class, X. Silber
zahn, 350; second class, A. Stoll, 300; third
class, A. Hennlnger, 2b5; fourth class, John
Mohr, 278: best first shot, X. Sllbereahn. 24;
best last shot. George Hetzel. 25; most centers.
Gecrge Hetzel. Bullseye shoot prizes won In
the following: order: Georg-e Hetzel. X. Silfcer
zahn, H. Hennlnger. A. Stoll.
Independent Rifles, monthly medal shoot —
Sergeant H. Feyjce 36, Lieutenant J. H. Kuhlke
55, J. S. Jones 35. Sergeant C. Iverson 43. Cor
poral R. A. Morris 15, H. Relnhardt 40, H.
Goetjen Jr. 31. "W. Goetjen 38. E. Marzolf 13,
J. Noudesha 22. Sergreant H. Frederickson 33,
C. Frederickson 32. W. Ewig 3C. Corporal H.
Marzolf 45, H. Goetjen 30, W. B. Cook. 33, E.
C. Peterson 52. J. Donovan 42. K. Wlchrowsky
41, William A, Smith 27, Sergeant C. An
drews 49.
Nationals. Batteries B and C. First Artil
lery. National Guard of California. State shoot
at 200. 300 and 500 yards — Sergeant Galbraith.
22 19. 18: C. J. Klbbish 11 6 7; C. L.
Sawyers. 23. 16 19; F. H. Steffen.' 20 11, 15;
H. I. Orth. 23. IS. 22; W. E. Elkinjcton. 24.
10. 15; Corporal G. Mitchell 22. 22 24: J. C.
Roberts. 23 23 23; J A. Davis, 18, 15 11;
W. B. Graff. 10 18. 0; Sergeant Stewart 22.
24. 21; H. J. Kalthoft. 23. 22. 17: Sergeant
Anderson. 2O. 23. 21 : Sergeant F. J. Povey,
24. 25, 23: Captain W. F. Grattan. 23. 22. 24;
J. S. Mullen. IS. 10, 8: H. Bartrmann 15 6,
13; C. A. 'Johnson. 20 17. 10; Corporal Heine
man. 22. 21. 21: H. Chadburne 6 12 0; T.
T. Smith 23 19. 16; E. Vocke, 17 10 14;
H: H. Mitchell. 20. 19. 23; Corporal be Wolf,
24, 22 19; N Sllnkey. 14. 16 11; A. L.
Stuart. 14. 11.' 9; Corporal Hopkins 23 23.
IS; C. W. Boxton, 14, 13. 6; C. R. Clark 4,
». S; C. D. Shajw, 18. 19. 16; R. G. de Snarr,
3. 9 5; J. C. Nagle. 10. 18. 12; C. A. Wells,
10. 10. 12; S. R. Altken 10, 14. 13; W. H.
Mallett 24. 24, 19; J. B Barber. 24 22 15:
F. T Sheldon. 24. 14. 3; A. R. Coomes', 14.
22. 17; C. F. Waltham. 25. 23. 21: Captain
Petty. 19 21. 20: Sergeant W. F. Unfred 24.
20, 11; Corporal Tooker 25. 2.1, 23; A. Gerdes.
18. 21. 20; Corporal Suelflohn. 24 24. 21; J.
W. KIrchner. 23. 17. 19; Corporal McQuItty.
23, 22 23; Sergeant Grant. 25. 21, 25: B. F.
Suelflohn 24, 21. 23: E. Lautenan 21 13. 22;
W. B. Fields. 22. IS. 8: J. S. Jones. 22. 18.
22; Corporal Flynn. 17. 18, 22; Corporal Petty,
21. 21. 21; H. Wllcox. 21. 11. IS: J. P. Zour
retl, 19, 12, 17; A R. Cordes 17. 20 20* S.
H. Anderson. 13. 21. 10: W.'Stromber? 18,
17, 15; S. Helnemann. 22. 13 10: Corporal
Hering, 23 19. 23; W. S. Collett. 23. 17 23;
F. A. Smith 13. 3, 12; G. C. Osbourn 20 4,
3: A. F Leavltt. 17. 7. 12; H. J. Temple,
18 9 12; A. J. Ruddock. 21. 22. 20; Sergeant
H. J. Musgrave. 25. 25. 23; Sergeant McGlI
very, 23. 22. 20; C. E. Sweeney. 24, 24. Zt;
Sergeant J. F. Kane. 25. 20. 22; Sergeant
Thompson. 24. 22. 24; Sergeant J. Cobby 25.
25. 23; M. Smith. 10. 12. 14; W. J. Lorimer.
23. 23 14; C. Meyer 25. 25 23.
Third class at 50 yards — B. T. Schullerts 323.
T. Baerwald &S5, F. Tamkopf 377, G. Skinner
371. G. Althausen 243, H. Kofod 377, L. V.
Frates 3S3. F, O. Schullerts 392, O. Krouss 357,
W. L. Paulson 417. H. Poulsen 271. A. Woods
301. T. Newirth 356. A. Schullerts 303, V. Poul-
Ben 304, G. Gulick 4OB, P. B. Smith 316. W.
Kenney 392. J. Kenney 343. G. Hughes 35O. G.
Paulson 350, A. Rowse 202. A. Johnson 313, C.
Paulson 348, C. Cohn 2t», S. Holmes 272, J.
Phillips 324.
Oakland Turn Verein Shooting Club, monthly
medal shoot — A. WIndmulIer 307. A. Schlueter
305. H. Loeffler 258. B. Brunje 297. F. Mante
268. A. Landgraf 274, H. Feldmann 250, F.
Kreuz 269.
H. "W. Kleinenbroich of the Shell Mound
Pistol and Rifle Club broke the record for
his organization yesterday by makfn?
eight bullseyes out' of a possible ten. The
previous record was seven.
The champion marksmen of six other
organizations were present at the Shell
Mound ranges yesterday, and all made
excellent scoreg. The light waa perfect
and the breeze was not strong enough to
affect the accuracy of the shooters.
The organizations represented were the
Shell Mound Pistol and Rifle Club,
Deutscher Krieger Verein, Independent
Rifles, Nationals, First Infantry and the
Oakland Turn Verein Shooting Club. The
day's scores follow:
fehell Mound Pistol and Rifle Club, monthly
medal shoot: Champion class with rifle at 200
yards, two scOrea of ten shots each — Herman
Huber 378. First class— F. Slebe 2U, H. P.
Nelson 382. W. W. Thompson SCO, J. Colby 362.
W. Siebe 333. L. Slebe 236. H. W. Kleinen
broich 344. F. Mante 3«1. H. "W'indmuller 377,
A. Nlehaus 261, R. S. Wixson 366.
Second class with rifle at 20O yards — J.
Rlngen 2iM>. C. Guerrine 135. I*. Murphy 27s,
W. Wllkes 135, E. Lorenzen 150,. W. P.
Tatton 205, C. Pries 263, A. M. Poulsen 380, O.
A. PouUen 123, H. Lanjr 212. E. Wixson 324.
Dr B. Roche 208. Captain G. Larson 3C3. I>.
L. Hopkins 197. J. Fowle 200. E. F. Trout 251,
P. Paulson 317. A. Gray 25S. E. J. Farley 2S5,
A. Mlssen 262.
of the Shell Mound Pistol and
Rifle Club.
H. W. Kleinenbroich Breaks a Record
EITFLEMAN SCORES EIGHT
CENTERS IN TEN SHOTS
SAYS IT MEMS
COLOSSAL WASTE
In the new agreement the Russian Min
ister demanded further grants of land to
the timber company In return for can
celing the Jurisdiction clause as a favor
to Korea to avoid getting her into trouble
with other powers.
According' to a later report the stipula
tion in the agreement about foreigners
charged with any offense in the leased
area having to be handed over to Russian
custody has been canceled on account of
the objections made by the Korean For
eign Office^ acting on protests sent in by
the powers. This portion being canceled,
the Russian Minister drafted an amended
agreement which he pressed the Korean
Government to sign. The Foreign ufnee
refused, but the'lmperial Household De
partment ordered that the agreement be
signed.
Telegrams from Korea state that Cho
Sekio, head of the Forestry Department
of Korea, has sent a note to the Japanese
Minister. Hayaisha, -stating that the
Russo-Korean agreement for lease of land
at Yongampho to the timber company has
been canceled as the result of fresh ne
gotiations with the representative of the
timber company. Baron Gunsberg. The
Korean officials have also stated through
the Foreign Office at Seoul that the
agreement was only provisional. Minis
ter Hayaisha has asked that this state
ment be put in the shape of a formal
note.
TOKIO. Aug. 22 (via Victoria, B. C,
Sept. 6.)— A special from Peking to-day
states that the much-mooted secret con
vention between China and Russia has
been executed, but this Is not officially
confirmed.
The Peking correspondent of the Jiji
wires that concerning the . opening •• of
Manchuria the United States Minister,
Mr. Conger, has made a strong argument,
to which Prince Ching has replied stating
that if China assents to the opening at
thia time Russia will make that action, a
pretext to continue the occupation 'of
Manchuria after October 10, the date stip
ulated in the treaty for the final evacua
tion. The correspondent adds that the
Japanese Minister has also received a
similar answer to Prince Chlng.
Report That a Secret Convention Has
Been Executed.
CHINA AND RUSSIA AGREE.
ST. LOUIS TEAM TAKES
TWO GAMES FROM DETBOIT
Chicago Scores In the Tenth .Inning
and Defeats the Players From
Cleveland.
AMERICAN LEAGUE.
ET. LOUIS. Sept. 6. — St. Louis won two fast
games (rom Detroit this afternoon. Wrtsht
shut tne visitors out in the first game, while
Mullln lwld St. Louis down to a sln<l» run.
Pelty l°t Detroit down with three hit.* and
would have had a" shutout but for Frier s ei
ror. Jjonovan did not nrove hard for the lo
cals. Attendance. 11.500. Scores:
First game>— Ft. H. E.
St. Louis 1 5 O
Detroit 0 4 0
Batteries — Wright and Sudden; Mullln and
McGuIre.
Second garrs — R. H. E.
St. Louis 5 It 2
I>etroit 1 3 t
Batteries — Pelty and Shannon; Donovan and
Beulow.
CHICAGO. Sept. 6.— Chicago won a jjood
game from Cleveland to-day by a run scored
In the tenth Inning on two errors by Goch
nauer and a oiss by Glendon. Exceptional
playing made the game Interesting at all times.
Attendance, 430O. Score :
R. H. E.
Chicago I 3 9
Cleveland 0 1 2
Batteries — White and Sullivan: Glendon and
Abbott.
NATIONAL LEAGUE.
CHICAGO, Sept. 6.— Chicago secured thre*
hits off Phllllppi to-day, two of them bunched
with a wild pitch and an error, scoring their
only run, A questionable decision at the plate
helped tbe Champions to thetr first two. a
gift, a batsiran hit. a fumble and two singles
adding their other three. Attedance. 13.00O.
Score : j
R. l H. E.
Chicago 1 3 2
Plttsb icz 5 0 4
Batteries — Welm«r and Kllrat: Phiillppi and
Phelps. Umpires — Menefee and Smith.
CINCINNATI. Seot. 6.— St. Louis h»d n«
trouble in winning to-day's game from Cin
cinnati. Phillips iraa taken out of the box
In the fifth Inning- and replaced. by . Suthoff,
who did not fare much better. Hackett's de
livery waa a puzzle and if it had not been for
errors he would have scored a shut-out. At
tendance, 6600. Score:
R. H. E.
Cincinnati 3 5 2
St. .Louis 8 13 4
Batteries— Phillips. Suth.off and Feltz; Hack
ett and O'Neill. Umpire— EmsTle.
PROVIDENCE, R. I.. Sept. 6.— A larga
crowd witnessed a clean-cut championship game
between the Boston and Philadelphia Nation
als at Rocky Point to-lay. It was a pitchers'
battle, with Willie having slightly better
control than McFetrldge. Attendance, 63GO.
Score :
R. H. E.
Boston :: » l
Philadelphia 2 6 0
Batteries — Willis and Moran; McFetridge and
Zlmmer. Umpires — O'Day and Moran.
ATTEMPTS TO SPEAK
TO THE PRESIDENT
Action of a Stranger Causes Excite
ment at Hoboken Hallway
Station.
NEW YORK, Sept. 7.— A powerfully
built man caused considerable excitement
as President Roosevelt was about to
board the train in Hoboken for hl3 trip
to Syracuse, by persistently trying to fol
low and making several efforts to speak
to the chief executive. He was seized by
the Chief of Police of Hoboken and two
policemen hustled him into a waiting
room, where he was searched. He was
found to be unarmed and was released.
TWO CABLES CUT.
Several Hundred Wires Are Rendered
Useless by Miscreants.
OAKLAND, Sept. 6.— Two large tele
phone cables, carrying from 100 to 200
wires each, were cut last night in this
city. According to the telephone com
pany officials the work was done by somo
one familiar with the location of the
wires, as well as the methods by which
they could be put out of service. The
first cut was made at the pole at tho
corner of Thirty-fourth street and San
Pablo avenue, where a cable carrying 100
wires was severed and the connecting
telephones in that portion of the city put
out of service. The second cut was mads
in a larger strand of wires running across
Webster-street bridge and carrying sev
eral hundred connections between Oak
land and Alameda. Th* cut here as in
tbe San Pablo avenue case showed plain
ly that experienced hands had located
the cable and rendered it useless.
The telephone company early located the
interruption in the service and put skilled
electricians at work to make repairs. Ef
forts to uncover the identity of the wira
cutters have to date been unavailing.
Most all of the cutting has been done late
at night and at points and hours where
and when detection would be difficult.
Sudden Death.
OAKLAND, Sept. «.— Kate M. Apple
gate 26 years old, died suddenly this aft
ernoon while visiting at 763 Ea3t Four
teenth, the residence of her sister, Mr*.
p. W. Dubola. Death was due to con
sumption. The Coroner took charga *>«
cause no physician had been in attend
ance. The dead woman reaide.l In 3an
Francisco.
BLOOMINGTON, 111.. Sept. 6.— Whll« pass
ing Greenview to-day at full speed the boiler of
a. locomotive pulling a Kansas City fast freight
train, west bound, on the Chicago and Alton
Railroad, exploded, killing Engineer Prank J..
Upton of BloominKton. probably fatally Injur
ing Fireman C. C. Keller of Blaomtngton and
severely hurting Brakeman J. A. Montgomery
of «tood House.
Late Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED.
Sunday, September «.
Stmr W H Kroner, Ahlin. 28 hours from
Eureka, bound south, put in to land paussen
* r *" DOMESTIC PORTS.
TACOMA— Arrived Sept 6— Stmr MineoU,
henc* Sept 2.
LOS ANGELES. Sept. 6.— Within plain
sight of thousands of spectators, a man
and a woman made a balloon ascension of
3000 feet or more this afternoon. The wo
man cut loose her parachute and descend
ed safely, but the man found it impossi
ble to loosen his parachute, and with the
"dead" balloon, in which the hot air had
become chilled, ho plunged earthward,
every second seeming to be his last, but
saved only by the partial working of his
umbrella-like contrivance. He landed
squarely upon a network of telephone
wires and lives to. tell about it. .
The double balloon ascension, was made
by Edna Springer and Farrari Sandusky
from Chutes Park and was the most
thrilling midair event that ever occurred
in Los Angeles. The two performers went
up together, the girl clinging to a trapeze
hung just below her companion's, and
when at an altitude approximated to have
been 3000 feet the girl cut loose according
to programme and began "a successful de
scent in her parachute.
Her companion was to have followed
fuit immediately, but no sooner had the
first parachute begun Its voyage than the
balloon listed heavily to one side and be
gan to rake the remaining aeronaut to
and fro through the air. The girl scream
ed to him to cut loose, but his efforts to
free himself proved vain and with its vi
tality fast ebbing away the balloon start
ed toward the earth, threatening every
moment to overwhelm and smother its
unwilling passenger in its noxious folds.
Finding that he could not cut the para
chute loose, Sandusky suspended himself
from the trapeze by his hands, so as to
land as much in advance^ of the bag as
possible, that he might make an attempt
to escape being enfolded by it as soon
rs his feet touched something firm, and
down they came, the useless parachute
opening and enutting ominously.
This saved his life. But for It he would
have been dashed to death. Sandusky's
feet struck in a network of telephone
wires at Main and Fourteenth street.
Throwing himself to one side as he re
bounded from his dangerous landing place
the aeronaut just mlsped being caught by
the heavy folds of the balloon, which
swept across onto tho roof of the house,
tending itself open. The man made his
way over the wires — luc .y telephone
wires, not being sufficiently charged, with
electricity to injure him— and climbed
down the pole, bruised but whole.
Epecial Dispatch to The Call
LONDON, Sept. 7.— The Times corre
spondent at Peking telegraphs:
"Although they may be officially con
tradicted, the following particulars of the
Russo-Japanese negotiations are reported
In too circumstantial and persistent a
form to be disregarded. In a memoran
dum which the Japanese Minister pre
sented to Count Lamsdorf, the Russian
Foreign Minister, provision was made for
tho mutual recognition of the respective
railway rights of the two powers in Man
churia and Korea, each power to define
its rights and have authority to guard its
railways and send 'troops for ,. the sup
pression of disturbances within its sphere.
In this connections should be noted that
Japan has very extended preferential
rights for railway construction in Korea/'
The Times correspondent at Tokio says
the report that the basis 'of the Russo-
Japanese negotiations Is the mutual
recognition of the interests of the two
countries In Manchuria and Korea Is of
ficially denied there.
The holy father desires to become master of
the wholo mechanism of tho Vatican before ap
pointing a Secretary of State. Meanwhile all
officials employed by Pope Leo XIII have been
retained, as none better than they could help
the new . Pontiff . In carrying out his purpose.
The new Secretary of State will gradually re
place them. But their removal will not be a
punishment.- On the contrary they will be re
warded for their sen-ices by promotion. The
new Secretary of State" will choose men entire
ly trusted by him and who will be capable of
collaborating with him 'In the new direction of
the Vatican" s policy. The new Secretary, how
ever, is almost sure to be an Italian, as that
has been the tradition for centuries. Cardinal
Moran, notwithstanding his ability, his liberal
turn of mind and his exact acquaintance with
modern problems, has no more chance than any
other foreigner. This Is why Monalgnor Merry
del Val, who has often been spoken of for th«
position. Is- unlikely to be chosen,' he being a
Spaniard. Besides, his appointment, even if
made after being appointed a Cardinal, might
be considered as an offense. to the Sacred Col
lege, as it would imply that among its present
members there is none worthy to occupy "the
position.
Bishop Hendrick of Cebu, P. I., and
Monsignor Hendrick, the Bishop's brother,
left this morning for Venice.
Plus X has represented to the Austrian
Emperor, the advisability, especially on
the part of the Catholic power, of coming
to an agreement as to the best way to
stop the massacres in Macedonia.
Several Cardinals have expressed the
opinion that the Pontiff should publicly
denounce the situation In Macedonia, to
the civilized world without distinction of
religion, calling upon all the powers to
take common action on humanitarian
grounds.
ROME, Sept. 6.— With reference to the
report that Cardinal Moran of Sydney, N.
S. W., has been offered the post of Papal
Secretary of State, it can be said that
Plus X has taken no decision regarding
the appointment of a Secretary of State.
A Cardinal who is on the Dest of terms
with the Pontiff, having been one of his
warmest electors, said to-day:
The citizens worked valiantly to stem
the flood wherever possible with sand,
rocks and other devices, but their worls
was of no avail to avert the entire de
struction of the west end of Valdes. as
all of the houses, fences and other Im
provements were swept Into the bay. Tha
occupants of the houses escaped.
On August 21 an unusual high tide
covered the Valdes flats. Simultaneously
the stream flowing from the great galcJer
back of the western part of the town rose
above its banks and swept away all the
Improvements on the tract known as tho
reservation and which principally belongs
to James Fish & Co. A wing dam that
had been built above the main portion of
the town deflected the water sufficiently
to save the houses.
TACOMA. Wash.. Sept. 6.— Jack Hardr.
who arrived at Skagway !ast week on tha
Bertha, brought news of a disaster at
Valdes that Involved the sweeping away
of all the reservation portion of the town
lying west of the glacial stream known.
as the Valdes River.
Special Dispatch to The Call
The tunnel was constructed for the pur
pose of carrying off the water from the
mines In the territory traversed, and Is
5000 feet In length. The cost was JSO.OOO.
Work on the tunnel was delayed about
ten days by reason of the existing labor
troubles, and for several days mine own
ers, superintendents and managers them
eelvea worked with pick and shovel in
the tunnel.
CRIPPLE CREEK, Colo.. Sept. 6.— Tho
great drainage tunnel, which has been in
process of construction since last Janu
ary, was completed and put In operation
this morning. Under the direction of Su
perintendent Bainbridge the valves in tho
bulkheads were opened, and Immediately
a stream of water two feet In depth
poured through the portals of the tunnel
into Cripple Creek. The flow soon de
creased to 2500 gallons a minute. Later In
the day work was begun on the northern
heading, a connecting branch, and when
this is completed it is estimated that the.
flow will reach 4000 gallons.
"When Policeman Shannon entered the
restaurant in response to a call he was
accompanied by Herbert Root. Frank
Periera, Joseph Rosseau, Henry Fagin
and J. Hotchklss, an engineer. These
citizens assisted the patrolman In guard
ing the place until Maruse had been taken
into custody. He did not try to escape,
but was pointed out by Japanese in the
restaurant. The police_ also took posses
sion of two long kitchen knives that were
found near the dead man's body. Dr.
J. T. Kltchlngs examined the stabbed
waiter shortly after he was cut, but
could do nothing for the wounded man.
The body was removed to the Morgue
by Deputy Coroner Henry Quellen. The
date of the inquest has not been set. The
dead waiter was 26 years of age.
Detectives were detailed to investigate
and reported that tho cook had been
drinking for several days, was ugly and
Ill-natured and had been running things
at the restaurant with a high hand. The
other cooks and waiters about the place
said they werfe afraid to cross Maruse
because they realized that he was in a
bad humor and was ready for a quarrel
upon the slightest provocation.
Maruse, according to the Japanese at
the restaurant, had been in company with
a countryman, Katow from Benlcia, on
a drinking bout and the pair had imbibed
heavily of liquor, which had Inflamed the
cook.
For an hour this morning the drunken
cook and the waiter had been bandying
words over Katow and had been argu
ing Japanese politics. Incidentally the
prospects of war in the Orient were gone
over. In the heat of the discussion the
pair came to blows. One of the waiters
told the police that he saw the dead
waiter strike the cook with a plate. Oth
ers said the man only used his fist. At
any rate the men soon afterward went
into the yard, where the stabbing oc
curred.
During a quarrel shortly after noon to
day Isoichi Maruse, chief cook in a Jap
anese restaurant at 478 Eighth street,
Etabbcd Kasaburo Hiramatsu, a waiter,
to death with a large kitchen knife. The
scene of the killing was in the back yard
of the restaurant. There was one witness
to the murder, Katow, a friend of the
cook. His ecream was heard and work
men in the eating-house rushed out only
to find the waiter on the ground with a
knife thrust In his right side and dying.
Physicians were called, but the wound
ended the man's life in a few minutes.
The cook wu arrested by Policeman
Shannon.
Oakland Office San Franclsoo Call,
1118 Broadway, Sept. '6.
The news spread among the immense
crowd of pleasure eeekcrs. and in an in
credibly short space of time several thou
sand persons, actuated by a morbid curi
osity, had gathered at the scene. This
number was augmented by manv more
upon the TafTlval o f the Morgue "wagon.
Deputy Fennel and Messenger Frank
Murphy took charge of the body and con
veyed it to the Morgue.
An examination of the dead man's
rockets brought to li^rht two pieces of
Ftout hempen rope tied in a noose, which
indicates that he contemplated self-de
struction by hanging in the event the
deadly acid did not have effect. A stor
age receipt issued by the Southern Pacific
i-'ompany for two days' storage, bearing
the number 1S2.&22. signed "C. W. Luce,
p«^r B.." was found in an Inner pocket
and may lead to the identification of the
unfortunate man. A card of the Rath
:keJler. Zii California street, on the re
vtrse side of which was written. "Erns
Kaiser, Redwood House, Redwood City,"
is the only other clew as to his identity.
An empty purse, two keys, a razor and a
knife were also found on the body.
John Griffon, a rtableman employed at
the Cliff House, states that he saw the
rit ceased on August 31 wandering around
the grounds in a drunken condition.
The grewsome find was made about 3
o'clock in the afternoon. The boys had
pone to the beach for an afternoon out
ir.g. They were walking: in the rear of
the barn and across the re
mains. Xot waiting to bestow a second
iook upon the distorted ajid swollen fea
tures of the dead man, they ran In search
of an officer. Detectives E. L. Gibson and
S. V. Bunner, who were on special duty
¦t the beach, were notified and took
charjre of the remains pending- the. arrival
of the Coroner's deputies.
Two boys found the badly decomposed
odjr of a man lying ia the rear of a eta
lle dlrectjy opposite the entrance to the
"fpot cf the Sutro electric line at the
Cliff House yesterday. The boys are
Weary Madison of 9 Gage street and Wai
l«r Hickox of 1~: Mission street. The
<ody had undoubtedly been exposed to
the elements for some time, as it was In
rn advanced state of decomposition and
the features were fo frightfully distorted
a* to be practically unrecognizable. A
botUe bearing the label of a Sacramento
iirupgist and containing a small quantity
<¦? varbolic acid was found by the Bide of
the deceased.
Each Power to Respect the
Other's Holdings in Korea
and Manchuria.
West End of the Northern
Town Laid in Ruins by
Water.
No Clew to Identity of Man
Who Died by His
Own Hand.
Says New Papal Secretary of
State Is Almost Sure to
Be an Italian.
Stream of Water Two Feet
in Depth Pours Into '
** Cripple Creek.
Discussion About Oriental
Politics Causes a Sun
day Homicide.
Plunges Earthward and Lands
Unharmed on Tele
phone Wires. -
Badly Decomposed Body
Is Found Near the
CJiff House.
Balloonist Has a Nar
row Escape in Los
Angeles.
Valdes Suffers Severely
From Ravage of a
Stream.
Well-Informed Cardinal
Tells of Plans of the
Holy Father.
Tunnel Is Completed and
Valves in Bulkheads *
y Are Opened.
Alleged Particulars of
the Russo-Japanese
Negotiations.
Japanese Restaurant Is
Scene of a Fatal
Stabbing.
OUTLINES POLICY
OF NEW PONTIFF
COLORADO MINES
TO BE DRAINED
AERONAUT FALLS
WITH PARACHUTE
RAILWAY RIGHTS
TO BE GUARDED
DRUNKEN COOK
KILLS WAITER
TWO BOYS MAKE
GREWSOME FIND
FLOOD STRIKES
ALASKAN HOMES
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, SEPTEMBER 7, 1903.
BRIDGEPORT, Conn.. Sept. 8. — Henry San
ford, vice president of the Adams Express
Company, died at hi* residence here to-day of
.apoplexy, aged SO years.
PARIS, Se;i. 7.— A telegram from
Tours, published In this morning's Petit
Journal, says Richard Nicollni, the step
son of Madame Patti, while shooting in
company with his youngest son, acciden
tally shot the latter, a lad of li years.
Accidentally Shoots His Son.
George Corrigan, 15 years of age, en
tered the tent of Lieutenant James Mc-
Kinley of Troop K, Fourteenth Cavalry,
at the Presidio on Saturday morning and
stole the officer's overcoat, valued at $45.
Sergeant Harper arrested Corrlgan later.
He had the stolen overcoat over his arm.
As the lieutenant had Iefc on the trans
port Logan for Manila, the overcoat was
taken to the Property Clerk at the Hall
of Justice and Corritra-n wan booked for
the Juvenile court
Bobbed en Officer's Tent.
A benefit game of association football
will be played this afternoon at the Na
tional baseball grounds. Ninth and Bry
ant streets. The opposing' teams will be
the American-British Rifles and the This
tles. The teams will be made up of the
following players: •
American-British Rifles — Williamson, J. For
est, Jones, Pomeroy, R. McD. Murray, Fay,
A. Hunter. Lyde.
Thistles — A. Martin,- P. J. TIerney, X.
Michaelsen, D. Pollock, J. C. Moore, J. Mc-
Gregor. A. Strong (captain), D. Ferguson, W.
Smith, John Smith. D. J. Foole.
Referee — Robertson.
Benefit Football Game.
PARIS, Sept. 6.— Henry Vlgnaud, First
Secretary of the United States Embassy,
has joined Issue with tbe German savant,
Dr. Sophus Huge of Dresden, who criti
cized Mr. Vlgnaud's theories regarding
Toscanelll's part in- the discovery of
America. Mr. Vlgnaud's pamphlet han
dles Dr.' Ruge severely, pointing out errors
in fact and judgment and charging him
with entering into the controversy quite
unprepared. The character of the paper
places Professor Rugre on the defensive.
Joins Issue With German Savant.
7
THE CALL'S
GREAT ATLAS OFFER
Will close on September 24,
1903, and all holders of Atlas
Coupons are requested to pre-
sent them immediately, as this
great opportunity to secure one
of these splendid Atlases at The
Call's premium rates will -be
brought to a close on Septem-
ber 24.• / ¦ ¦ ¦ _ ;¦ :.- ¦¦• - ... ¦ ¦ \ ' ¦ .
THE SAN FBANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, SEPTEMBER 7, 1903.
8
SAJt FRANCISCO CALL. '
BUSINESS OFFICE of the 8an PYaodseo .
Call, corner Market aad Third etrwete; open
until 12 o'clock every night in the year.
EHANCH OFFICES— 327 Montgomery ttmt,
comer Clay; cpen until 9:S0 p. m.
300 Hayes street; open enttl »:30 p. m. !
C39 McAllister street: open until »:90 p. a.
CIS Larkin otree-t; open until »:SO p. «*»-
12*1 Mls.'ion street; open until 10 p. m.
22C1 Market Etr««t. corner Sixteenth; open
until 9 p. m.
K6 Eleventh street; open until 9 p. xn.
1096 Valencia street; or*n until 0 p. ra.
Northeast corner Church and Dunew »treet»|
cpen until S j>. m.
Northwest corner of Twenty-second aad Kea-
tucky ftreets; open until 9 p. m.
22uO nUaorc street; open until 9 p. m.
CBCBCa SEKVICES.
HEl^ETKrBrotherhood. 509 Van Ness ave. —
Open meeting Thursday evening. 8 o'clock;
guod speakers and music.
REV E. A. ROSS at Penlel Hall, Pine and
Ke&rry Sept. 6-20. both Inclusive, at 8 p. m.
At «9 Third ft. Sundays. 6-13-20 at 2:30 p.m.
MEETING AOTJCES.
CALIFORNIA Commandery No- 1. K. .-.
T.— Special assembly THIS EVEN- *Ok^
ING at 7:30 o'clock. Order of Ked fca
Cioes. All t'ratcrs courteously Invited. Q0
THOMAS li BROWNE, Commander. w
T. L. HENDERSON. Recorder.
ASYUJM of Golden Oate Commandery
.-:' u K. T , t -."• Butter et.— Starei Vaj*
fcfcienMy THIS EVENING it If E]
o'clock. All fratem are courteously fcy
Icvlted By order cf the commander "^
THEO. FTtOLICH. Recorder.
fAS FRANCISCO Chapter No. 1. Royal »
Arch Maeons, meets THIS EVENING. >f\f
BuhIikm and II. M. depree. /V\
H. G. PRINCE. Sec.
HERMANN Lodge No. 127, F. and A. «
M. — Slated meting THIS DAY (MON-VV
UAT). September 7, liKK. at 8 o'clock />T\
p. n-.. By order or the W. M .
L. SCHUMACHER, Secretary.
TERBA BUEXA Lodge No. 16,
I. o O. F. — Officers anl lr.em
bers tre hereby nctlf.ed to &* - '4*§rt£j|5»^J
at Odd Fellows' C«n- "-nATC^
elery. TUESDAY. September 8. 19C3. at 2:30
r ir. to attend the funeral of our late
brother, JOHN H. MOORE
FRANK KRULL, N. G.
CHAS. A. WISEWELL, Reo. Sec.
ALT A Lodge No. 205. 1. O. O. F.— .*^eK2<*-~
(Jlncers and members are notified £x3£jrs£ilSC&.
a aeir.b ¦¦ a: the hfi.ll on Tra- "fc*£-j2£sp*>
DAY. Sept. K at 1 p. m. sharp to *SflfftSS>^
attend the funeral of our late brother
JAMEB W. DUNBAR.
ALF. VOLIGNY.
r.ieetlV.g of the Society j£)t?&S&£fi£x§K
fuil attendance Is re-
quested. J. I. SPEAR, Sec.
MECHANICS' INSTITUT*:. Quarterly Meeting
Notice — The quarterly moet leg of the mem-
bers of the Mechanics' Institute will be held
Sn the Mechanics' InFtltute Library building,
:;l Post et.. Sen Francitco, on SATURDAY..
Sept. 5, 1JKC at $ p. m. Reports of officers
will be read and amendments to the constitu-
tion will I* considered.
JAMES G. gPAULDING. Roc. Pec
ATTOttXEVS-AT-LAW,
ADVICE FREeT ESTABLISHED 22 YEARS.
XMvcrces s specialty. Private. Quick.
NO PAY UNLESS SUCCESSFUL.
G. W. HOWE, ATTORNEY AT LAW.
1122 Market et., offices 1, 2, S, 4 and 5.
BEWAKB OF FKAUD6.
Any cr.« can advertise, but unless the adver-
tisement 6ays "Attorney at La»" the party
advertising Is not a lawyer; don't be fooled.
ADVICE FREE
COLUMBIAN LAW AGENCY
Rm. S5. SIC Market: tel. Rtd 618: bad ten-
ants ejected speedily snd reasonably; collec-
tions attended to; attachments; corporations
orc£-nired; civil and criminal practice.
r.OBT. W. KING, atty-at-'.aw. Exnmlner bid.,
rm. Oil; all cases, damages, estates, wills.
attachments, collections, etc.; consultation
free; no advance cha:-ges: call or write; even-
ir-gs by appointment. Tel. Red 3601.
ADVICE free — I will advance cost In merit-sri-
cus ctsef.. divorces, probate and all other law I
cases: no fees in advance; open every even- I
ing. J. M. THUP.STON. S19 Market St.. r. 31. I
L. S. CLAKK. Emma Epreckels bldg.. 927 Mar- I
ket et. : consultation free; no fees in advance. !
AITKEN & AITKEN attorneys, rs 309-10-11,
Oaah bl^g.. 6C3 California st.; tel. Main 727.
ADVICE free; all cases; cpen evenings. M.
L. RYAN. 850 Market St.. cor. Stockton.
BIRDS, DOGS. ETC.
YOUNG talking parrots.55 each ;German singing
canaries, f2; we will try to please you; every-
thlng in our line at right prices. 1548 Market
DIMNtSS CHA.VCKS. ~
llESTXin{A^ ; T~^n~Fourttr'st ....... .~.7T"j400
Jl«-?tsurant; fine transient trade 1250
Jlertaumnt and bakery 400
<*-;g6r Etores, 7, from ?100 to 900
General merchandise store In country.. C000
Stationery and notion store S50
Stationery and variety store; a bargain 350
Notion etore and branch bakery 650
Partner in scda works, country 800
Ft good, reliable bwlr.ess bargains see
WILFORD & HARRISON. 3 Taylor et.
WANTED— Rj liable party with several thou-
sand dollar*' to take charge of moving picture
circuit: rare chance: big money; only object
interesting party too much other extensive
business to attend. Particulars Novelty The-
ater. Oakland.
FOR sale — Account tlcknets. small nev.-ly fct-
\?d restaurant. MO Taylor et. POPFE.
tOJOM— *£ ACTIVK Interest in downtown mer- ,
<antile business; established for years; en- >
larging •premises and stock; parties writing
:~r Interview must be abie to prove business
p.l.ility and Integrity; this 15 a splendid op-
¦ portualtjr for live man with capital; bank
references exchanged. Box 4151. Call.
FOR SALE — A good shoe etore with shoe shop-
pric* $15fiO. Arply to owner. P L. JCAUFfI
• MANN. P. O. box 33. South San Francisco,
San MatPo County.
LIQVOR store; fine stock of wines, liquors and
cigars; r.o opposition; living rooms: must be
sold ; price, $2200. N. E. corner Halght and
Pierce.
RESTAURANT for sale; established 15 years-
fine trade; muit be sold; owner has other
lrjslr.ess; make aa offer. 451 Fourth st.'
call to-day before noon.
FOR SALE — Neat restaurant. 3 living rooms,
cash register. $^50; only those meaning busi-
ness^ need answer. Box 2494, Call office.
BAKKRY; flee location in Kio Viuta; good
bsktr will do well. Address DAN Mc-
GRAUGH. Rio Vista. Cal.
FOR eale or rent — Fully equipped, modern,
paying hospital In Southern California city.
Address P. O. box 457. San Bernardino.
FOR SALE — Saloon ar.d garden; 3 years' lease.
117 City Hall ave.. near Larkin et.
tAL^HDN with 4 rooms: good place. Inquire
SFIKBE BROS. & PLAGEMANN.
BOARDING-HOUSE; S rooms all filled; good
business. 1C31 McAllister st.
FOR SALE — An inside route on this pacer
For particulars apply at office.
A bakery: delicacy; all store trade- $25 a day:
price tlSOO; no fegecta. 715 McAllister st.
A WEEK'S news fcr 5 cents — The Weekly Call
16 pages. In wrapper, for mailing. Jl per year.
IXJ DG ING-IIOtSES FOB. SALE.
100 ROOMS; house for men; rent $140 |4000
58 rooms; 6cuth of Market; rent $100.. 2000
24 rooms; corner; part cash; bel. easy. ,S50
11 rooms; good income; rent *20 850
21 rooms: water front; rent $*0; leace.. 650
JIO rooms; good lea«e; low rent 6S0O
f.7 rms. ; apartments ; Western Add. ;rent 250
Money loaned at I per cent.
Hotels, rcadiiouses. flats. 5 to 100 rooms
EITEL & CARROLL. 212 Kearny st.
A— PETERSEN & LARSEN. 1005 Market st.
Offer select bargains In office and sunny
room buildings of Z2 rooms with lease.
FOR sale— 8 rooms; ni«ly furnished and clean-
piano included; rent reasonable. 5V4 Polk Ft.
CAItPKT BEATING AAD CLEAX I * G.
AIR, compressed, firy. Ice cold. Is now univer-
sally used in sanitarily cleaning carpets, on
floor, without removal or Injury; prices mod-
erate. Apply 8. F. COMPRESSED AIR
CLEANING CO.. Call big. ; phone Main S2C7.
WHEN you become disgusted with your wo-k
rend for BPAULDDCG'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
ing Work*. 255-357 "i eh a ma et.: teL South 40.
CALIFORNIA Carpet -beating Co., J. McQueen
proprietor. C2» Guerrero et.; tel. Mission 4o!
TRY HOPKE BROS. ; excellent carpet -beating-
mattresses made over. 1432 Howard :South 216
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter •> -
tel. Ma-ln 334. GEO. WALCOM & CO., Props.
RUDOLPH & CO., carpet-beating works; prices
reasonable. 1703 Harrison st. ; tel.Mlsston 203.
CONKLIN'S Superior Carpet -beating Works,
333 Colden Gate ave: telephone Kaet 126.
cnmopoDisTs.
pr>-LAP FOOT INSTITUTE. 60 Geary— All
•Oseclt cf the feet cured; cents, bunions, etc
HELP WANTED — MALE— Con.
PACIFIC EMPLOYMENT AGENCY.
820— SACRAMENTO ST.— 520
Phone Main 1191. Cor. Leldesdorff et.
4 millwright 5. large new lumber Co., $4 day
and found; s-e boss here to-day. 10 a. m.
6 carpenters, large L. Co.. see boss here,
long Job: 3 millwrights, same place, good
wages; 3 carpenters, dredger work. $S3 3O
and found, fare $1 76; 5 laborers, $45 found.
FREE FARE— Both ways to Wllllts. powder-
man.' $2 60; driller. $2 60; fee $1.
WILLITS— FREE FARE— FEE $1— UKIAH
ROUTE.
20 teamster* and laborers. $2 25 day.
BUTTE CO.. CHICO. HALF FARE. FEE |1.
DIAMOND MATCH CO.'S own work— BIG
TRUST.
60 te&mst*rs, laborers and rockmen. $2 23
to %U 60 day.
Fblo to-night. 60 laborers, ballast and track
work.
20 splkers and Iron men, $2 to $2 60 day.
BIO TUNNEL, near city, free fare. 20 muck-
ers, f 00; 5 tunnelmen, $75.
FREE FARE— NEAR CITY— FEE $1—20
laborers. $2; 10 trackmen. $2 25 day: win-
ter's job; 20 miners, all over, $75 to $90; 100
laborers and muckers. $6O to $75: 3CO otber
laborers, all classes of work, some factories.
$2 to $2 60 day: 300 laborers, mills, yards
and woods; also experienced mlllmen, cross-
cut sawyers, all over the State, NORTH,
EAST, SOUTH.
ACTORI A— OREG ON— Near PORTLAND.
FEE $1. Very Cheap Fare. FEE $1.
25 laborers. $51 fd.; 25 rockmen. $59 fd.;
all year's work; you bad better go.
FRUIT PICKERS. SANTA CLARA CO.
25 men pick fruit, work in dry yards, pack-
lng-hous«e, etc., $1 25 day and found.
200 fruit picker*. $26 to $30 and found.
MISCELLANEOUS.
Night cook, camp, free fare, $40 fd. ; 3 cooks,
8 waiters, S dishwashers, etc.: 30 farmers
and teamsters, etc.. $26 to $40 fd.: bed-
niaker, lumber Co.'s boarding-house, $30 fd. ;
milker, city. $35 fd.; 1200 other jobs not ad-
vertised. Call and see us aad read our bul-
letin boards: also get a free list of jobs at
the PACIFIC EMPLOYMENT AGENCY.
620 — Sacramento st. — 520.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions hai been established at 1090
Valencia, street.
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. 6G3 Mission St.. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
GET your shoes half soled while waiting; 25c
to SCc. 663 Mission St.. ber. 1st and 2d st«.
HORSES AND WAGONS.
GRAND auction sale; all horses, wagons, har-
ness, plows, scrapers and other material be-
longing to Greely & Son. contractors, with-
out reserve, Tuesday, September 15. 11 a. m.,
at stables, 7th, bet. Pt. Lobos and Clement.
DARK bay gelding, black points (pacer). 7
years old. 16-1 hands high: fast and gentle;
sire. Prince Nutwood: dam, Bellwood.
Eclipse Stable, 1375 Eddy st.
ON account of going to build, entire stock of
. wagons, buggies and harness must be sold at
sacrifice. Corner 15th and Valencia sts.
3 GOOD trork horses for want of use. Apply
lumber yard. S.E. corner Alabama and
Montcalm streets.
FOR sale — Horses; 6 head work and driving;
all guaranteed. Cor. 2d and South Park.
FOR sale — Handsome trap; cheap. Box 1030.
Call office.
FINE horse, harness and buggy for sale, cheap.
1435 Folsom st.. horseshoeing shop.
S GOOD hor>*» *or sale cheap. S27 Sixth st.
Al EXPRESS wagon, light camping wagon
and gocart for sale cheap. 532 Mission st.
HOUSttS TO LET.
A — PRINTED list of houses to let; send for dr-
cular. G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery.
A — HOUSES and flats to let: an Immense list:
service absolutely free; take advantage of
this department; it will save you time and
trouble. Cordes Furniture Co., 245-259 Geary
St., on lhe square.
SUNNY modern 2-story house of 7 rooms and
bath: rent $11 6O to good tenant; call on
premisea to-day bet. 9 a. m. and 2 p. m.
307 Saxton ave., Inglesid?.
BEFORE moving get our printed list of houses
to let. BALDWIN & HOWELL. 25 Post st.
MOUSES TO LET FUR.MSHEO.
WELL furnished house, eleven rooms, bath.
gas and electricity; nr. university and car
lines. 2163 Dwlght way. Berkeley.
ELEGANTLY furnished house. 10 rooms. 2
baths: sunny, large garden: grand view.
419 Oak «t.
$35 — UPPER flat of 6 rooms, furnished com-
plete; piano; marine view. 1SB2 Stockton st.
LOST AND FOUND.
LOST — A passbook with the Hibernia Savings
and Loan Society of San Francisco, in the
name of ROSE THERESE PFITZER. No.
25S-1S7. The finder -will please return to
Bank.
$20^ — LOST, on the 7:30 p. m. narrow gauge
train. August 13, suit case containing wear-
ing apparel and mining deeds. Return the
same to W. KENT. Twelfth-st. saloon. Oak-
land, and get reward; no questions asked.
LOST — A passbook with the Hibernia Savings
and Loan Society of San Francisco in the
name of JOHN J. ORMSBY; NO. 59,521. The
finder will please return to bank.
LOST — A passbook with the Hlbernia Savings
and Loan Society of San Francisco. In the )
name of CATHERINE DROWN. No. 228-
1329. The finder will please return to Bank.
LOST— Lady's watch attached to black silk
cord with fob chain and gold ring; liberal
reward. S. P. CO.'S agent. Corbln station,
via West Eerkeley
REWARD for return of dress suit case marired
J. A. K., left at corner Pare and Buchanan
it*. Return to Dramatic Review o:ac». li
Geary st.
IRISH setter pup; little white front of neck:
license No. 3897. Liberal reward if returned
to 1610 Franklin St.; phone East 419.
LOST— Gold watch; initial XV. T.; reward. 1259
O'Farrell st.
IT will pay to "Remember" that the California
Watch Case Co.. 220 Sutter St.. needs old
gold and silver to make new watch cases.
MEDICAL.
MRS. DR. WYETH. soeclalist for all female
complaints; instant relief guaranteed; HO
years' experience; removed to 826 Post st.
MRS. DR. KOHL, reliable specialist for all fe-
male troubles and Irregularities; Instant r«-
llcf guaranteed. 1008^ Market St.. opp. 5th.
DR. G. W. O'DONNELL — All who are sick or
In ' trouble consult this specialist on female
complaints: positively corrected; the unfor-
tunate helped; the most difficult cases treat-
ed; s d vice free. Office. 1013 Market st.
Dra. Goodwin, 733 Turk, nr. Van Nesa — Expert
In obstetrics, female complaints: inst. relief;
treatment $10; hours, 10. to 5; 25 yrs. exper.
MRS. D. ALLEN. 1118 Market— Reliable ladles'
specialist; a private home before and during
confinement: best medical care; low fees.
A maternity villa: private: secluded: confiden-
tial. Dr. E. Funke. 1416 Eighth St.. Alamcda..
DR. ROSEN moved to 2995 Folsom ' St., cor.
28th; relief $10; ladles' exclusive office.
DR. and MRS. DAVIES and HINDOO HERBS;
original method of treatment. 1126 Market st
DR. NO TOY KEE. 310 Powell St.. opposite
Union square; all diseases cured by herbs.
MILLINERY.
Ladles' imported & tailored hats just in; call;
prices low to start tbem going: frames made
to fit the face. MME. DOSCH. 207 Post St.
MISCELLAXEOUS— FOR SALE.
DOES YOUR ROOF LEAK?
Repair it with elaterite; In rolls easy to lay;
needs no painting or coating; good over old
iron. Win or shin tries; best for hew roof a.
ELAWERITE ROOFING CO.. 713 Market st.
2D-HD. machinery, boilers, engines, pumps.-
pulleys, shafting, etc.. etc., bought. sold,<
rented and exchanged;, ree Sunday paper*.
H.:S. WHITE M'CH'Y CO.. 130-132 Beale st.
A— Fine suits. $7 50; dress pants. 12 SO. Origi-
nal Misfit Clothing Parlors. 238 Kearny st.,
mar Bush; open to 0 p. m. Sunday to noon.
A— $3 60 DERBY and fedora hats, $1 75. Pop-
ular Price Hatters, 330 Kearny st., near
Pine: open till 0 p. m. Sunday to noon.
A — BUYS, sells or rents gear machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipe, shafting, pulleys,
etc. WHITELAW, 253-255 Spear st.
NEWSPAPER route "for sale; fine chance for
the right man. Address N. A. .LARSEN.
1715 Pacific ave.. Alameda,
TRT our men's shoes at $1 and $1 SO pair;
' foot-form shoes at $2 50; we pay express
charges. 11 3d st.. Exam. bid;. ; catalog free. *
BOILERS, engines. 2d-hand machinery. McIN-
TOSH Ai TvOLPMAN. 195-197 Fremont st.
A COLLECTION — 70 Indian baskets. bead
work. etc. Box 1718, Call office.
FOR sale — Fine steam automobile, In perfect
order. . 620 Lyon st.
A FINE 4%-carat perfect white diamond at a
bargain. 10 Sixth st
SPIBXTPAXIgM.
awrtvkt*— PROF. FRED P. EVANS, the fa»
circular, lil* Bddy
tt.. near Octavla. <
A— ETHEL CRINDLE. matsrlalljtns; stance.
XV^d-TFtl and Sufi, eve*.. BOo, 1115 Poat «t
KAT1D HEUSSMAN, circle Friday «v«nJj».
'Htbci sltUngs. 1000 Harrison «t^ oon Sixth.
MRS. J. J. WHITNBT, trance clairvoyant,
business medium and life reader. 416 Turk.
EDWARD EARLE. 1052 Bills, readings dailjr,
8:30 to 4; seancea Sjicday and Thuraday.
- cl|AmvoYAJ(TS<
ATTENTION^ $1 $1 tl U $1
My regular $3 readings thU week for
$1 $1 SI |1 $1 91 II $1
" PROFESSOR PAUL DESTINS.
The first registered Trance Clairvoyant *nd
Palmist ever in San FranciBco.
I do hereby solemnly agree aad guarantee
to make no charge If I fall to teU you your
name, occupation and what you called for; X
promise to tell you whether husband, wife
or sweetheart is true or falsf. I tell you
whom and when you will marry; In fact, I
will tell you even' hope, fear or ambition
better than you can tell yourself: I Improve
your character so that you will reach the
highest possible development In mental vig-
or, health, happiness and capacity to eorn
wealth, so you will lire happy and ooottntod
the rest of your life. Hr's— 10 a, m. to 8 p.
m.; Sunday. 2 to S. 820— O'FarreU St.— 326.
mme. m. Bernard" the famous
Clairvoyant and business medium, perma-
nently located ex 17 Third «t.. next Examiner
bldg.; cbe reads your III* correctly, gives an
accurate description of the past, reveals the
present happenings and. portrays events to
occur In the future; if you are In trouble, dis-
contented or not satisfied in life, or have do-
mestic, love or business trouble*, consult this
great medium and .you will be told how to
overcome tbem; valuable advice In all affairs
of life; 25c up; satisfaction guaranteed; read-
lngs by mail. Tel. Black 4669.
1SMAR. the Egyptian grpsy. clairvoyant and
palmist permanently located at 1104 Market
st.. cor. Turk; private readings daily. 10 a.
m. to 5 p. m. : readings by mail as satisfac-
tory as in person; 3 questions answered, $1:
full life, (S; tend lock of hair, date and year
of birth; don't send currency. Send pestofflce,
w«l!i-Farro moaey order or registered letter.
A— MME. PORTER, scientific clairvoyant and
card reader; born with a double veil and sec-
ond sight; tells the past, present and future;
ladles. COc: gents, tl; by cards, palmistry
and clairvoyant sitting; $1 50. 126 Turk at.
Mrs. A. H. Kronenberg. palmist, clairvoyant,
card reader, will give a good reading. 10c. for
a short time only; when others fall try me to
convince yourself. 402 Franklin, near Grove.
MISS ZEMDAR. young gifted clalr. and palm.;
has second sight; *a wonderful -prophetess;
gives names; L. Doc: G. $1; 3 Questions by
mall.$2;hrs. 10 to 9. 714 Franklln.nr.O.G.ave.
LATEST arrival; Mme. La Mar, who predicted
the Galveston disaster; card reading and
palmistry; I. 25c, g. 00c; hours 11 a. m. to 9
p. m. Call 1212 Mlgsloo et.. bet. 8th and 9th.
A — Mme. Ravenna reads life, business advice;
names given; 25c up. B 4th rL. near Market.
MME. WALTERS, great card reader; la. 25o;
gents 50c. 951 Mission St., nr. 6th; open Sun.
MRS. BROWN, clairvoyant card reader: ladles
25c; gents 50c; readings daily. 132 Sixth st.
MME. MARSEAU. clairvoyant card reader;
love, marriage, business; 25c. 645 Minna ot.
MRS. L. EHRHORN clairvoyant and palmls-
try; sittings dally, 25c. 631 Linden av«.
OLDEST lady palmist and card reader In city.
26 Vi Kearny, room 20: ladles 23c. gents 60c
MRS. SHAKER, clairvoyant, card reader: eit-
tlngs dally. 44SH Jecsie St.. bet. Bth and 6th.
COUECTIOX OFFICEg. ~
BANGHART & WEYER.
Collectors.
No. 1170 Market et. Room 87.
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO.. 415 Montgomery, rooms 9-10; tel. 5530.
DK.VTI9TS.
DR. LUDLCM HILL, 1443 Market. nr.Eleventh
— No charge for extracting when plates are
made; old plates made over like new; teeth
from $8 per set; extracting, 60c; gas given.
A NEW platt — The Whalebone — cannot break;
warranted 20 yrs.; crown, $3 50; fillings. 60c;
plates. $5; full set; all work palnless'and war-
ranted. Chicago Dental Parlors. 24 Sixth st.
PARIS Dental Parlors, 235 Kearny, cor. Bush —
I Set teeth, $1 50 up; crowns, $2 up; filllngs,25c.
GOLD fillings, 75c; silver. S5c; crowns, $2; no
, pain; open Sunday. Dr.O.B.Hewltt,204 Sutter.
i 10 PER CENT oft this month; estimates free.
New York Dentiets. 9€3 Mission St.. cor. 6th.
DRESSMAKERS A\D SEAMSTRESSES
McDOWELL Dressmaking and Millinery School
— Any pattern cut to measure. 1019 Market.
ACCORDION, sunburst & knife plaiting. Stew-
art's button & buttonhole factory, HO Taylor.
DYEING AND CLEANING.
SEA breezes sweeten all garments, blankets,
lace curtains, etc., done by the Presidio
Heights Dye Works. 3915 Sacramento: phone
for wagon. West 453. H. HICKMAK. pres.
EDUCATIONAL.
A— CALDWELL College of Oratory, Acting.
Opera and Authorship ;«largest in the West;
14 teachers; positions guaranteed; fall term
begins Sept. 7; day and evening claes; beauti-
ful new catalogue free. 1295 Market, cor.' 9th.
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE. 24 Post. S,
F. — Bookkeeping, shorthand, touch typing,
languages, telegraphy, English branches;
day and night sessions; illus. catalogue free.
SAN FRANCISCO Businese College, 1236 Mar-
ket; modern, progressive, practical; estab-
lished 15 years. Gregg shorthand, fastest,
easiest, moet readable. Actual business
bookkeeping; type writer at home free.
AYRES. the leading business college, 723 Mar-
ket tt.; special summer course in all depart-
ments; handsome catalogue free; life scholar-
ship. $50; day and evening sessions.
CALIFORNIA Business College. 305 Larkin st.
"A thorough echool"; positions secured for
graduates; modern methods; individual in-
struction. Write for illustrated catalogue.
HINMAN'S Academy; a thorough school of '
dancing; established 20 years. 1412 Polk St., |
between Pine and California; both adult and
children's classes are now open for the season. .
i HEALD'S School of Mines & Electrlclty,24 Post
i St., S. F. ; a practical school of engineering;
1 -_ complete equipment. Special catalogue free.
ENGINEERING— Civil, elec.. mln.. mech., sur-
: vey, assay, cyanide; day, eve; est. 1864. Van
' dor Naillen School, 113 Fulton, r.r. City Hall.
SYSTEM, discipline and results; the Golden :
Gate Commercial College, Van Ness and Gol-
den Gnte aves., fc>. F. ; fills every requirement. :
DANCING Tuesday, Thursday, Saturday and
Sunday evenings at Teutonla Hall, Howard
st.. near Ninth; management Prof. Foster.
PIANO and German; pupil of Leipslc Conser-
vatory; lessens 75c and $1. 346 Golden Gate.
AT Kingsland Art Shop— Drawing, painting
and burnt work. 1IS4 Halght St.. near Lyon.
SCHOOL OF ILLUSTRATION Day and
PAKTiNGTON'S. 424 Pine st Night class.
, LESSONS given in Water Color or Oil Paint- !
Ings from Nature. CURRIER, 372 Sutter st.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing.
1 eta; day or fve.; $5 mo. 1024 Mission. nr.6th.
Chicago Business College. 1435 Market. nr.lOth.
Plttman shorthand, typing, bookkpg.. IS mo.
EMPLOY3IEXT OFFICES.
GEORGE AOKI. 421 Port 'sT7^eT~3iush~l35^
Japanese - Chinese employment office; fur-
nlshes best help; contracts for farm help, eto.
' A — ORPHEUM Employment Office— Japanese-
Chinese help. 42G Powell. Tel. Main 5752.
! A— GRAND Japanese-Chinese Emp. Office 415
I Stockton; tel. Grant 168; expert, reliable 'help
» CHINESE Employment Office — Best help at
» Leon Secng's. 411 O'Farrell; tel. East 42«.
I RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of-
fice; all kinds help. 315 Stockton; Main 6188.
CHINESE and Japanese help; estab. 20 yeare.
, Tel. Main 1997. BRADLEY A CO.. 640 Clay.
fc.MFLOY3iE.VT WASTED—FEUALB.
; AN experienced infants' nurse with best of
references wants situation; wages not less
than $30. Call or telephone Main 5472. MISS
PLUNKETT. 425 Sutter at., near Powell.
'¦ A SCANDINAVIAN woman would^ike to have
a place as housekeeper; city or country. Call
i at -nr> Second st.
! Al MILLINER will make over ladies' own ma.
terial or furnish material at reasonable
, prices. Box 1728. Call office.
I A SCANDINAVIAN girl wishes place to do
general housework; wages $25. Please call
ai'j'j Kltch et.. bet. Brannan and Towns*.nd.
DRESSMAKER, strictly first-class, wishes
work by the day. Box 1727. Call office.
; DRESSMAKING by the day or at home; ex-
pert at tailor suits and evening dresses. 305
; Larkin et.. rooms 42 and 43.
: WANTED — By refined American girl, position
t as second girl In email family: references.
Box 4150. Call. '
ELDERLY woman will take charge of baby
or wait on Invalid. 703 Devisadero st.
j WANT ad* and subscriptions taken for The
Call at Eaton's Bazaar. C33 McAllister et
I CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Fillmore.
HELP WANTED— MALE— Cob.
MURRAY A REAJDY. ["" ~~" ~~~— '
PHONE MAIN &84S. 634 and 638 Clay St.
LEADING EMPLOYMENT and Labor Agts.
Office half block long; 14 clerks employed;
byour own printing plant we publish a
"FREE" Bulletin of Labor, containing every
position segregated under departments'.' ready
lor distribution 7 a. m. ; also noon and even-
Ins editions. GET ONE FREE. GERMAN,
ITALIAN, FRENCH, SPANISH, PORTU-
GUESE. GREEK SPOKEN.
THIS IS WHAT
MADE UB FAMOU9.
We know no distinction between Man and
Man.
YOU ARD ALL EQUAL.
YOU ARE- ALL WELCOME.
1802 WE GAVE 190B WE'LL GIVE
45,000 MEN WORK. 60,000 MEN WORK.
TO-DAY "WE SHIP FREE TO
NEVADA. ARIZONA,
OREGON. LOS ANGELE8,
HAWAIIAN ISLANDS, WILLITS, UKIAH,
AND ALL POINTS S. P. and Santa. Fe.
NORTH. EAST and SOUTH,
RAILROAD HELP of every description, In-
cluding drillers, hammer and comer men,
muckers, laborers, teamsters, blacksmiths,
cooks and waiters. $5, $4. $3, $2 day.
MURRAY A READY. 034-680 Clay at.
CARPENTERS FREE FARB.
Mlllwrighta Carpenters' helper*.
8 carpenters; northeast; free fare; |90.
8 carpenters; Northern California; free fan;
$90.
4, carpenters; southeast; free fare; $00.
T carpenters' helpers; north; free fare; $80.
6 carpenters; private work; 60c fare; «90.
4 carpenters; large winery; fare $3; $40 td.
4 carpenters; lumber company; plain work;
fare (2 90; $76.
Carpenter; ranch; 80c fare; $40 and found.
0 carpenters: housework: fare $1 35; $3 60.
16 carpenters; big lumber company; north;
boss here.
12 carpenters; build large gold dredgers;
-$82 50 ana found.
5 millwrights; boss here: lumber corapany;
cheap fare; $3 60 day and found.
SPECIAL.
6 millwright b; lumber company; toss here;
?4 a day and found; see boss 9 a. m.
6 carpenters. 6 helpers; big water power:
south; $80 and $67 60.
Brakesman, log-loading train; fare $2 80;
$2 60 a day.
Foreman grain ranch; fare $1; bose here; $50
and found.
ENGINEER.
Donkey engine; free fare; bose here; $3 day.
Charles Esctrana. end W. J. Young, mill-
wright, wanted. . .
2 laborers to handle iron; city; $2 60 day.
Walter and tend -bar; far $125; $35 found,
MURRAY & READY, 634 and 636 Clay st.
COME.
SC5 laborers, teamsters, city and country
Jobs. $2. $2 50 and $3 day. All clasaes of
work. Come, see.
165 Italians. $2 25 day.
You board yourselves. Steady Jobs.
26 laborers, free fare, 14 miles away. $42
and found.
155 coal miners, free fare. $3 to $5 day.
165 laborers, teamsters. Wllllts. Uklah, free
fare. $07 50.
Do You Know— Free Fare —
On every train we ship to S. P. Co.'s own
work, on all divisions, laborers, extra gangs;
also section • hands.
DIAMOND MATCH COMPANY.
*1S6 teamsters end &x men. $75.
197 laborers and drillera. $75.
165 track layers, ballast track. $67 50.
Cost you only $1; no discount; steady Job. .
MINES. QUARRIES. TUNNELS.
155 laborers, you'll suit. $60. $75 found.
06 miners and tlmbermen. $90 found.
1K6 quarrymen, also drillers.- $82 to $90.
96 carmen furnace men. $75.
STABLES. FARMS. DAIRIES. HARVEST.
186 farm orchard, vineyard hands. $30 to
$45 found
38 mllkerii, butter-makers. $30. $35. $40 fd.
156 harvest hands, hay balers. $2 50. $3 day.
6S choremen. coachmen, gardeners, $30 to $50
and found.
16 stablemen, city and country. $.10 to $45 fd.
SO men for brick yards. $35 to $80 found.
MARRIED HELP WANTED.
12 men and wives, farms, orchards, mines,
mills. $40 to $70 and found.
MURRAY & READY.
634 and 636 Clay st.
WHERE ARE THEY?
86 lumber trusts and syndicates.
Located In Four . States.
Managers here. Two Territories.
FREE— FARE— FREE.
095 laborers, no experience wanted, $35 to $70
Sand found.
188 experienced mill and yard men, $40 to
$150 and found.
383 woodchoppers. $40 to $150 found.
3SC woodchoppers. tlemakers. shingle, post,
picket and box bolt makers; tools and pro-
visions found.
BIG L MURRAY & READY,
TRUSTS. 6-S4 and 636 Clay at.
A— COOKS— BIG PAY.
COOKS. BIG PAY. COOKS. COOKS.
26 cooks for harvest and fruit ranches, hay
presses, etc.. $70, $C0. $50; $40. $30 found:
very few men to cook for; no women there.
4 cooks for different mines. $70, $65. $50, $40
found
4*J cooks, hotels, restaurants, cafes, saloons,
etc. $70 to $40 found.
WAITERS.
82 waiters, different places. Including cafes,
grills. $4& to $30 found.
6 bell and elevator boys, city and country
positions. $15 to $30 found,
a porters and bedmakers. city and country
positions. $45 to $20 found.
86 dishwashers, etc., cltv and all parts of
California. $40 to $25 found.
IS boys to learn trades and work In facto-
ries. $C to $12 week.
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st.
EXCEPTIONALLY GOOD MINE. -
15 laborer?, no experience wanted, $t>7 50.
MURRAY & -READY. 6.H-63U Clay st.
ITALIANS— FREE FARE— ITALIANS.
36 laborer?, Humboldt County lumber com-
pany; manager at our office: $35 to $50 & fd.
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay St.
ARE YOU GOING FRUIT PICKING TO-DAY
OR TO-MORROW? 295 men wanted; anybody
can do the work; a man or a boy who can eat
Iruit can pick fruit.
?1 FEE. $1 FARE.
FRUIT $30 found. FRUIT
PICKING $30 found. PICKING
TO-DAY. $34 found. TO-DAY.
Some to work about packing and dry houses;
you cpn have a god vacation. Go. come back
with $00 to $120. We ship NORTH. EAST.
SOUTH: also many to the great wineries.
MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay st.
SPECIAL —BY— TELEGRAPH
MIDNIGHT —BY— PHONE & LETTER
1H ranch teamsters, different jobs, $32 to $40
and found.
TCOLUMNE COUNTY— FARE PAID.
39 laborers, first-class lumber company, $G0.
ARIZONA TO-NIGHT.
EUREKA— HUMBOLDT— FARE PAID.
32 laborers, big, good lumber company, $60
to $73.
EL DORADO COUNTY— FARE PAID.
16 more laborers, big lumber trust, $42 fd.
RESERVOIR WORK.
25 laborers and teamsters, fare $1 50; $07 50.
FREE FARE.
35 carpenters, all plain work, only few tools,
$00.
IB laborers or carpenters'' helpers, no tools,
SCO.
OS TRACKMEN, NEW WORK, $C7 50.
2 tank coopers, winery, $3 50 day.
5 young men, distribute bills, $1 25, $1 50
day;
10 men for dry yards packing houses, north.
$.'12 50 and found.
20 lumber pliers, Santa Cruz County, $60.
0 laborers, surface work, gold mine, south-
east, $»J7 50.
Tallyman and lumber grader, $3 a day.
HALF FARE TO CHICO.
1C5 laborers, teamsters, axmen, $75.
NORTH. EAST. SOUTH— FREE.
2555 railroad laborers, teamsters.
SANTA KE R. R.— FREE.
65 laborers, teamsters, etc., $2 50. $2 25 day.
Candy maker, Monterey County, $12 week.
Best Prices. MURRAY & READY,
Biggest Wages. 634-636 Clay st.
FREE - TO HUMBOLDT TO-DAY FREE
65 laborers, big lumber company, $35 found.
:{ waiters, mine, north, $30 and found.
Furnacx>man, $67 50; brick temperer, $2 30
day; baker's helper. $40 and found.
FACTORY— 30c FARE.
12 laborer?, board yourselves. $67 50.
SPECIAL NOTICE TO-DAY
3533 POSITIONS NOT ADVERTISED
COME. SEE.
MURRAY fe READY. 6."4 atfd 636 Clay st.
WANTED — Rough carpenters and laborers.
Apply room 14. 26 Montgomery st.. San
Francisco Construction Company.
WANTED — For the U. S. Marine Corps, able,
bodied, unmarried men, between 21 and 33; '
good character; must speak, read and write
English; marines serve at sea on men-of-war
in all parts of the world, on land in our Isl-
and possessions and at naval stations In the
United States. Apply at recruiting office. 40
Ellis St.. San Francisco. Cal.; 222% N. Main
*st., Los Angeles. CpI., and 401 K St., Sacra-
mento, Cal. ¦ .
MEN to learn barber trade; only eight weeks
required; special offer this month; catalogue
and full Information mailed free. MOLER
SYSTEM COLLEGE. 635 Clay St.
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkln, Reno House proprietor, has
added 100 new rooms to the Denver House.
217 Third st.: 250 rooms; 25c to 50c per night.
TRY our men's shoes, union made, at $1 and
$1 00 per pair; foot-form shoes at $2 50, or
orthopedic shoes, $3 50; best shoes on earth. 11
Third St., Exam, bldg., 5 doors from Market.
SAILORS and ordinary seamen for Europe and
Australia. HERMAN'S, 26 Steuart St.
PENSION atty. E. A. Bullls. room 40. Phelan
bldg. Past Com. Geo. H. Thomas Post. G.A.R.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket — 700 rooms, 35c ¦ night ; reading rooms;
free 'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertissments and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore.
WAJfTBD— -FEMALE-^Coo.
WOMEN and girls wanted to work on fruit
and canning; steady work: highest wages.
Apply California C&zinerlM Co.. Braonan
St.. MtWHD Third and Fourth.
SEWING MACHINE OPERATORS AND RIV-
ETERS; NO EXPERIENCE NECESSARY:
PAID SALARY. LEVI STRAU8S A CO.'S
FACTORIES. 32H FREMONT ST. AXD 1878
MISSION. NEAR FIFTEENTH.
WOMEN and girls to work on fruit; steady
employment; day and piece work: highest
wagee. CODE-PORTWOOD CANNINQ CO..
Bryant and Tenth.
TALENTED amateur performer*. Apply at
Chutes 6 p. m. Wednesday; salary no object.
FIRST-CLASS candy packer wanted; good
wages: call Tuesday morning. B. J. BAUM,
1144 Howard st.
WANTED— A girl for upstairs work and to
assist with -children; wages $25. Apply 1818
Sacramento st.
A FIRST-CLASS German or 6wedlsh cook;
references.- Call 2080 Paciflo ave., from 12
to 3 p. m.
GIRL for general housework; French or Swiss
preferred: good wages; email family. Call
1524 Vallejo st.; car fare. _^
WANTED — Twenty-five girls and 10 boys to
work on fruit. Pacific Coast Syrup Co., 713
Eansome st.
GIRLS — About 15, for factory work; good
wages; apply at once. AMES & HARRIS,
100 Sacramento st.
ITALIAN lady who can speak English wanted
to travel. Apply Girls' Directory. Central
»v«. and Waller st.
OPERATORS on muslin underwear; also learn-
ers. G. W. REYNOLDS CO.. 697 Mission st.
FIRST-CLASS finisher on men's coats; steady
work, good pay. 411Vi Kearny st-
IMMEDIATELY; experienced business woman.
Box 4159. Call.
FINISHER on custom pants. C2*J Clay at.,
roon 18A.
WANTED — Finishers and quick sewers. Ap-
ply N. SIMINOFF. 1228 Market St.
COMPETENT cook for Institution. 2344 Sut-
ter St.
WANTED— 2 ladles to travel with Rlnglinys'
show; must be stout. Box 2430, Call.
TAILORESS as pants finisher and apprentice.
6% Kearny st.. room 17. top floor.
LADY agents on salary. Call 0 to 5. office 61).
Columbian building, 016 Market st.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch, of flee. 2200 Fillmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1080
Valencia st.
g^jg^^^VAVrgU-— MALE.
AT California Employment Agency.
59 Third st., near Call bldg.; phone Bush 4C5.
Nevada — Free Fare — Nevada.
200 laborers. Southern Pacific's own work,
new job, |2 a day, $18 board. •
We ship every day — Free fare.
Eureka. Humboldt County.
Kare advanced.
10 lumber pliers, $35 and board.
10 laborers, ?,15 and board.
Ship by Steamer Corona.
Sawmill and Woods Men.
2 timber fellers. ?80 and board.
3 barkers. $50 and board.
2 croHscutters, $50 and board.
2 lookouts, $40 and board
2 .waterbucks, $40 and board.
Chico, Butte County.
2» teamsters. $2 60 a da>\
25 laborers, J2 25 a day.
10 rock and hammermen, $2 60 a day.
Cheap fare. $2 SO. Fee $1.
CALIFORNIA EMPLOYMENT AGENCY.
\ 59 Third st.
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.. Employment Agcy.
?2» BuEh st 642 Clay st.
1000 men for R. R. work, Nevada and South-
ern California.
Free Fare. Ship To-day. $2. ?2 50.
Rough carpenters for Humboldt Co.', saw-
mill; see boss here, $3.
Walters, country hotels $30. $35, $40.
Extra waiters, country, $3 50.
Office open 10 a. m. Sunday, 7 a. m. Monday.
C. R. HANSEN & CO.. Employment Agncy.
429 BuEh st .C42 Clay gt.
A— HOTEL GAZETTE, 26 Montgomery, r. 12.
Silver pantryman, $30; bell boys, $15;
waiters. $:to. Open Sunday 9 to 11.
BRIGIIT boy of good address, about 18. to
make himself generally useful and learn the
business. Apply by letter, with references.
W. K. VANDERSLICE CO.
CARD writs'- and window trimmer; dry and
fancy goods JOE ROSENBERG. 816 Mar-
ket St. :
TRY our men's shoes, union made, at $1 and
$1 CO pair; foot-form shoes at $2 50; we pay
express or mall digs. 11 Third St.. Exam. bid.
WANTED— Extra waiter and dishwasher at
MARTIN'S, 15 Third st. ¦
WANTED— Experienced, clean, steady waiter.
Ill Larkin Bt.
WANTED— Experienced lunciii cook; otcady
Job; good wages. Call afternoon. 100 Mission.
WAITER wanted at 613 Clay st.
WANTED— A first-class waiter. 29 Stockton
6treet.
WANTED — Educated gentleman to locate in
Oakland and write short articles for publica-
tion; $18 per week; no communications an-
swered without references. Box 1720. Call.
WANTED— A first-class delivery bill clerk.
Apply between. » and 11 a. m. at HALK
EROS.'
WANTED— Clothing salesmen. Apply S. N.
WOOD & CO.. 740 Market at.
COATMAKER for country. REISS BROS. &
CO., 24 Sutter at.
BOY for office; state age and experience. Box
NIGHT cook and dishwasher. 185 Fourth st.
TRY our men's shoes.' union made, at $1 and
$1 50 pair; foot-form shoes a* $2 60; we pay
express or mall chgs. 11 Third st.. Exam. bid.
CYLINDER platen pressman wanted. Address
box 4168. Call office. -..
BOTS wanted: good wages: steady work.
Illinois Pacific Glass Co., 15th and Folsom.
BOY for dry goods store. 1058 Valencia at.,
cornt*r H'll. '
WANTED— Saw flier. 1815 Mission at.
STEADY, active boy for wholesale house; state
age and experience. Box 2438, Call office.
MAN to do Janitor work for tuition in S. F.
Barber School, 741A Howard'?'
MIgCELLAKEOfcl FOR »AX»--C««r.
A JULES JL-RGESSEX 5-"« nat » '*P*» tln *
watchTvery reasonable. 10 Slxta rt.
PAIR 3-karat diamond earrings at s> barfaln.
10 Sixth st. .
MOVING pictures, magic lanterns, sal*, rental ;
bargain/ Bullard & Breck. 131 Po*t st.
MILES or PIP* » nd c ""' ne ?A~ a iLriV : io S "st. EU "
GENE BILEY Sc SONS. 103 \allejo St.
MOVING picture film and sons slides. 109
Montgomery st. -
SAFES— New and second-hand. E. B. BECK
& CO.. 122 Market st.
All bargains ;camp stools and chalrs.fcammock«.
metal bed*, mattresses. J.F. Hotter Jl -' Mission.
Edison phonographs, records, .upplles, movins
picture machines, films. Bacigalupi. ftk> M-ct.
OASOLINE engines, automobiles ard launch-*,
ail sizes. J. E. DOAK. 4tt Fremont st.
BAFES— New and second-hand. T>IE HER-
MANN SAFE CO.. 417-423 Sacramento st.
ARK frr Brlces on seennd-hanrt typewriters; all
mike* ALEXANDER & CO.. HO Montfy.
WA5TS.
TTT tov want* good second-hand clothing and
%£ 154 Oth st.; tel. Je»le 2S31.
A BIO price raid for sealskins: send postal.
25 Stockton st. : rhone Bush *st.
" MOSEY TO LOAX.
buildin,.
Quick settlements; no dlaappolntrasmt
Save expenses by «»*aHn« fteeetly,
Estates e-cond mortgages, undivided iruer-
•Vts T assignments of rents. Property Jn trust,
etc '; legacies life estates and undivided in-
terests In property purchased nVYirfi
Courteous treatment. Strictly confidential.
When You Need Money
See HERMAN MURPHY.
HIOHLY respectabla private place t*,** 1 *'^
liberal advances on diamonds, i^vrr. a.
. lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry ' st °J% y ,^V t
Market st. : tel. Main 1644. Branch. 19 Third.
MONEY loaned to salaried people. retMnmer-
chants, teamsters, boarding-houses. wi « ou *
security; easy payments; largest bug! °«?" *?
46 principal cltiea. Tolman. 553 Parrott bldg.
A— 1 p*r cent en furniture or piano:no removal ;
no commission: no publicity; $23 UP: <xulc*.
quiet, confidential. 26 Montgomery st.. r.
MUNICIPAL T.OAN OFFICE. 103 Oraat IT*.
LOANS FROM $1 TO $10,000. ;
' AT cut rates on real estate, furniture or piano;
no commission. E. W. LICK. 1003 Mu £« l
Sav. Bk. bid.. 703 Market; phone Mala 81".
S F DISCOUNT AGENCY— Loans to salaried
people on their note.
THE TOUSLEY CO 143 Phelan Bldg.
MONEY to loan on low Interest: gold, silver,
diamonds pearls and precious stones bought
at W. J." HESTHAL'3. 10 Sixth st.
MONEY leaned to salaried employes. O. W.
MILLER, room 74. fifth floor. Chronicle Mdg.
S% ON furniture & pianos; $15 up; no removal;
V. TRSMA1N. room 81. 6 Eddy at., floor 4.
ALL loans on diamonds and Jewelry 2 per cent
mo. S. F. Collateral Loan Bank. 638 Kearay.
STAR Loan Co of Wyoming loans money to
salaried employes. R.311.Mutual Sav.Bk.bl'i.
CASH loaned salaried people on notes without
lndorser. MORRELL. 600 Examiner bldg.
CHEAPEST and best in America — Tarn "Weekly
rail. 1G pages, sent to any addresa In tns
United States or Canada one year for_jL__
-MUSICALIXSTRUMENTS.
A— yOLT will not have to pay for special sale
advertising on these bargains. Uprights:
rollard So7: Sherman & Hyde. $11.; Filsh-r.
$95; Singer, almost new, $163; 2 Stelnways,
rood condition largre and small sue, *165,
r.25: Chickering. $S5. $lZi: 3 Heine, second-
hand $195: slightly used. $237. $305: 1 Hetnfl
baby grand. JT'Jo; Krell, slightly used, dark
mahogany. $^»5- New bargains: Mason &
Hamlin upright. $2S5; Behr Bros., mahogany.
$"!!;> Conjver. S'Jttf. Piano players slightly
used trom $30 up. Pianos rente**. *- up.
apply on purchase. Installments, $4 up.
Cash discount if paid In two years. HEINE
PIANO CO.. 233-237 Geary St.; largest ex-
clusive piano house of the We3t; agents for
the Gabler. Krell. Steger. Heine. Singer, etc.
A SMALL walnut Emerson upright, absolutely
like new. 81S5. 237 Geary at.
6TEINWAY upright, left ty private party.
$165; a great bargain. 237 Geary st.
A CHANCE U- eft a good piano for a> small
sum and tnen exchange for & better one by
and by is what we offer you.
Our payments are easy and the quality ot
the instruments all right. Some as low aa
$50. THE ZENO MAUVAIS MUSIC CO.,
7ti> Market st.
THE greatest opportunity ever offered In Saa
Francisco to get a good reliable pluno cheap.
Before our removal it? will sacrifice any In-
strument for cash or Installment*. Call or
write for prices and terms at once. KOHLER
tt CHASE. Established 1850. 30 O'Faxrell.
A FEW upright bargains trom $70 up. compris-
ing such makes as Chlckertng. Jaoobson.
Vcse. Sterling. Knabe. Fischer, SchwechteD.
Weser, Schuman and others; easy payments.
BENJ. CURTAZ & SON. 18 O'FarrtU St. : no
branches In San Francisco.
BAND instruments; F. Besson. Paris, maker.
Gus Maiwa'.d Agt. Pac. Coast. 27S CKarrell;
skillful repairing; 2d-hand Instruments 1 sold.
BARGAIN — Standard make upright; good con-
dition. SCHMITZ A CO.. Id McAllister st.
Unredeemed storage pianos and furniture dirt
rbeap. Whltehead's Storage. 1636 Marfcat.
BEAUTIFUL 3-pedaI Steinway upright piano;
perfect order: sacrifice. Keett«#*7£85 CFarrelt. •
BUY direct from tha factory and save SO per
f cent. HORNUNG. 218. McAllister st.
BEST renting piano In city for $3 per montb.
SCOTT-CURTAZ PIANO CO.. 560 Hayes st.
EOHMER. Byron Mauzy planes. Ceelltaa piano
player. BYRON MAUZT. 3O8-31S Poat St.
; PERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
MULLER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham, place.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call. IS paxes, sent to any address in tas
Tr.lted Statr. or Canaan on- Tear for $t-
PIANOS AND ORGANS.
PART of our lift of bargains in cecond-hand
pianos for September. 1U03:
Original
Price. Now.
2 BARNES & SON—
Walnut cases, large size, colonial
style, three pedals, 7 1-3 octaves,
equal to new $350 9273
1 EMERSON—
Walnut case. cabinet grand,
carved panels. 7 1-3 octaves, three
pedals, in fine condition, slightly
used 430 275
Flemish oak case, cabinet grand.
very latest desgin and finish, nearly
new ................ . . . . * . ..«••¦• 450 SCO
1 SOHMER—
Mahogany case, medium size, full
swinging desk. 7 1-3 octaves, thor-
oughly renovated and equal to
new '. , 300 323
1 WEBER—
Rosewood case, fancy carved,
larcest size. 7 1-3 octaves, in ex-
cellent condition 630 325
1 BRADEURY—
Rosewood case, large size. 7 1-3
octaves, thoroughly renovated and
equal to new SCO 350
1 BRADBURY —
Red oak case. cabinet grand.
7 1--.J octaves, thoroufhly renova-
ted and equal to new 500 32.T
Ccmplete list furnished en application at
our store. .SHERMAN. CLAY & CO..
Corner Kearny and Sutter sts.
P-ALJllSTRY.
THE WIFE OF A NAVY OFFICER consulte.1
MADAM DEVAS. The MADAM found rY-t
was ABOUT TO GET A DIVORCE. Th«
MADAM'S advice to her was "DO NOT GKT
A DIVORCE, nature will free you in five
mentha; your hu3band will die !n Africa; «'.<»
not get a divorce, and then you will be abl»
to get a pension after his death." In about
five months he died of yellow fever. As sh>»
was still his wife she can now draw a
LARGE PENSION. MADAM DEVAS has
many customers who never make an lmport-
Rnt move without first consulting her. ami
they TAKE HER ADVICE. »aJatn Dovas
can be consulted at her office. No. 26 Llebes
building. 133 Pest st.. dally 10 to 12 a. m.. 1
to 5 p. m., and Tuesday evenings: Sundays
and other hours by APPOINTMENT ONLY.
FULL PALM READINGS $1 00.
MME. DEVAS — Scientific palmist and «strolr>-
Kist. Palm readings SI. Hour3 lf> to 12 anl
1 to .". and Tuesday evenings. 139 Post st
H. JEROME FOSELLI. scientific palmist 515
Taylor st.. near Geary. Phonn Black 5fil.
-
PHYSICIANS AXD SIRGEOSS.
DR. C. C O'DONXELL — Office and residence.
102lVi Market St.. bet. Sixth and Seventh.
BLOOD, skin and rectal diseases a specialty.
DR. BALL, VT,Zy 3 Market st.
REMOVED— DR. WONG HIM. herb doctor",
treats all diseases of the human body; 'or
past four years at 115-117 Mason; now lo-
cated at 6C7 Geary st.. near Leavenwcrtn.
DR. TONG FO CHY. successor to Dr. LI Po
Tal. herb doctor; cures all diseases of human
by use of herbs and teas. 727 Washington st.
WONG WOO. the famous herb doctor — All dlZ-
eases cored by Chinese herbs. 71B-8 Clay st.
I'APF.RHAXGIXG. . PAIXTIXG. ETC.
ROOMS papered. $3 50 up; tinting, paintln-
Hartmann Paint Co.. 313 3d st. ;tel. MjUa Ai3!
EMPLOYMENT TVA.\TE» MALE.
TOUNO man, industrious and capable, experi-
enced stenographer, wishing to better him-
self, desires a position where there is oppor-
tunity for advancement; please state salary.
Box 1707. Call office.
ELECTRICIAN of 7 years' experience In gen-
eral lightlngr and motor work desires steady
employment in city or country; con«truction
work or in plant; age 23. Box 416«, Call.
FRENCH couple with little child would like
petition; man is good all-round man and
wife Is good housekeeper; Oakland or coun-
try. 918 Peralta st.. Oakland.
A MARRIED man. with experience aa cellar-
man, would like a situation in a whisky
house; will give further details in regards to
work on application. Box 1722. Call.
I AM a young man of 18, Just left art school,
and I want a situation where I can advance
myself; I am good with both pen and pencil.
Address J. D. BELL, 71T Golden Gate ave.
SITUATIONS wanted by 3 young colored men;
competent waiters for hotel or clubhouse
parties ; with good references. Address C.
P.. 127 Second St. ¦
EXPERIENCED baker's helper wants place
with hotel pastry cook. Address box 4162,
Call office.
SITUATION wanted; a handy man around
machinery: can run stationary engines. Ad-
dress Handy Man. 323 First St.. city. /
ENGINEER (stationary) wishes situation: city
or country; can do own repairs; reference
given. Box 4144. Call.
MACHINIST, good all-round man, wants a
job in city or short distance In country.
Box 4147. Call.
CARETAKER — Wanted position as caretaker
or watchman by middle-aged man. Box 4145.
Call office. ! .
JOBBING carpenter wants work at repairing.
Inquire !W7 Capp et.; repairing neatly done.
RELIABLE German, middle-aged, single, tem-
perate, wants situation as watchman; ref-
erences, bonds. Box 1704. Call office.
EXPERIENCED Japanese deelrei to accom-
pany a gentleman as traveling valet to Ja-
pan and China; best written and personal
references. H. S.. box 1726. Call office.
JAPANESE, good schoolboy, wants situation
In nice family as waiter or cooking; under-
etands housework; speaks very well; has ref-
erence. 1329 Pine Bt. YAMASAKI.
CHINESE, first-class cook, wants situation In
hotel. W. W. Foo, 31 Brenhanx olace.
A GOOD Japanese schoolboy wants situation.
KOYANAGI, 1329 Pine st.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch ofTce, 2200 Fillmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 100S
Valencia st.
FLATS TO LET.
A — HOUSES and flats to let; an Immense list:
service absolutely free: take advantage of
this department; It will save you time and
trouble. Cordes Furniture Co.. 240-209 Geary
¦t., on the square.
VALENCIA. 1531— Beautiful upper flat; Mls-
slon warm belt; 6 large rooms and bath; 2
bay windows: sun all around; reasonable.
$25 — NEW modern, up-to-date. 6 sunny rooms;
grand view city and bay. Church st.. Twen-
ty-third and Twenty-fourth sts.
$7 — FLAT; large yard. 72C14 Harrison st.,
between Third and Fourth.
A SUNNY upper flat, 4 rooms, bath; rent $16.
1703 Hayes st., near park entrance.
HANDSOME flat 5 sunny rooms and bath,
basement, yard. 132 Castro St., cor, loth.
$25 — LOWER flat: six large rooms and bath.
B27 Thirteenth St.. near Market.
AN elegant 6-room flat, nearly new; half block
from Market st. 3043 Seventeenth st.
STOCKTON PL.. 22 — 4 flats, 4 rooms and
baths; $20 each. '
TO lei— Flat of four rooms; 1807 O'Farrell.
HOOKER & LENT. 14 Post st.
UPPER flat to let: 4 rooms and bath; rent $15;
water free. 336H T«hama st. ¦
FliATS TO LET—FPRManEP.
BEAUTIFUL furnished flat, close in. Ring up
telephone Sutter 25C5.
FLATS FOR SALE: FURNISHED.
NICE furniture, good as new; must be sold
quick; 6 sunny rooms, bath': rent $25. Call
before noon or 7 to 0 p. m., 2240 Post, corner
Devisadero.
NEWLY furnished 'upper sunny flat 6 rooms
and bath; rent $27. CAR AY. 1308 Call bldg.
FLATS FOR SALE).
A BARGAIN— $4250; CORNER LOT. 2 FLATS:
LOT 2Cxll4; 184 CLIPPER 8T. SEB
OWNER O" PREMISES.
KL'ii.VlTUllE FOH 8AJLE.
FOR sale — 5-room flat, comfortably furnished;
rent $23; water. 753 Valencia si..
FUR.MTURE WANTED.
A. WOLLPERT. 773 Mission, phone Red 4462.
buys, rents, repairs, packs furniture, carpets.
A L. STORRS pays highest cash prices furnl-
; ture. carpets, etc.; tel. Larkin 3631. 634 Ellis.
HELP WANTED FEMALE.
A— NURSE for child of 3 yearo, $35, one who
has not cared for children need apply; a
cook for small sanitarium, wages. $40; a
co3k for small German family, $35; 3 nurse
for Sausallto, $20; a waitress for boarding-
house In city. $25. MISS PLUNKETT. 425
Sutter «t.. near Powell.
A— WANTED — Girls to learn halrdresslng,
manicuring, etc.; trade taught from A to Z
in 2 weeks; $5 to those entering cow; 3 po-
sitions to fill immediately; positions guaran-
teed at J10 per week up; leading school ia
West. 233 Geary St.. room 13.
A — LADIES, learn all branches halrdresaing
trade; manicuring, massage etc.; 1236 Mar-
ket Et.. cor. Jones, room 94; positions secured
at highest wages; day and eve. class; call.
A — Girls to learn millinery now for fall season;
both seasons taught from start to finish In one
month for $10; positions as trimmers, sales-
ladies, etc.. • guaranteed at $10 per week up;
day and evening class. 143 Stockton st.. r. 13.
GIRL to do general housework and cooking; no
washing or window cleaning; wages $25. 1
Scott st. ' ¦
GIRL wanted; cook; $25. 1214 Eddy st.
FIRST-CLASS skirt bands wanted at 1666
O'Farrell st. |
"WANTED — A girl for cooking and some house-
work. 2409 Washington St. .
WAITRESS— Restaurant. 206 McAllister st.
GERMAN girl for cooking and housework; no
washing; wages $25; small • family. ! Apply
at 1718 Bush at., between 1 and 2:30 p. m.
'Tli a love of a hat, hear tb« lady declare.
. While the man at the bill can but helplessly awear.
It ia needless to say this confection was made
By a milliner good who had mastered her trq.de.
Then if such you should need to do work in a store,
You cen get her, we're sure, and. perhaps three or lour,
If you'll put In The Call a well-worded "Want Ad,
For 'tis thus in all lines that the best help is had.TO SAIL.
FROM SEATTLE.
Weather Report.
HONOLULU, Sept 0 — The Br bark Juteopo
lis, bound from Hollo for Delaware Break
water, put In here to-day, short of provisions.
She was becalmed for two months in the Caro
lines.
MISCELLANEOUS.
POINT LOBOS, Sept 6, 10 p m— "Weather
foggy; wind NW; velocity, 24 miles per hour.
, Sunday, September 6.
Stmr Santa Rosa, 'Alexander, San Diego.
Stmr Ruth Reed. San Pedro.
Stmr Cccs Bay, Nleolson. San Pedro.
Stmr Alcatraz.. Carlson, Mendocino.
Stmr Mandalay, Payne, Crescent City.
Stmr Alcazar, Martin, Greenwood.
Stmr- Eureka, Jessen, Eureka.
Stmr Calla, Nordberg, Mendocino.
Stmr Chlco, Jensen, Coqullle Rlv«r.
Stmr Arctic, Reiner, Eureka, with Br bark
Annascna in tow. • »
Stmr Roa«'erar.s, Johnson, St Michaels.
Ger stmr Luxor, Timmerman, Tacoma.
Br bark Annasona, Lee, Eureka, in tow of
stmr Arctic.
Fr bark Suzanne, Condroyer, Hull.
Bark Mohican, Kelly, Honolulu.
Schr Ida A, Campbell, Bodega.
Tug Ranger, Hansen, Eureka.
TELEGRAPHIC.
ARRIVED.
Sunday. September 6.'
Stmr Ruth. Reed.' 10 hours from Bowens
Landing, bound to ,San Pedro, put in to land
passengers.
. Stmr Xewburjr, Andflndsen, 68 hours from
Grays Harbor. . ¦-.. . . . _^ : ,.
Stmr Navarro, Weber, 16 hours from Mendc
cino.
Stmr Czarina, Seaman, 49 hours from Coos
Bay. . •
Stmr James Dollar, Twing, 75 hours from
Seattle. ¦
Ship Isaac Reed, Lorenz, 19 days from Nush
agak.
Bktn Arago, Semsen, 5 days from Columbia
River.
Sch Chas W, Wack,' 6 hours from Bollnas.
'SAILED.
Shipping Intelligence.
The Students' Congress will hold a debate
in room 19, North Hall, at 8 o'clock Tuesday
evening, when the question to be argued will
be: "Resolved, Th^t senior control of stu
dent affairs is advisable in the University of
California." The affirmative will be taken
by Carey '04. Harada "OS, Mowbray '04, and
the negative by MeCarty . '04, Henderson '04
and Brubaeker '00. The Senate will debate
the following question at 8 o'clock in Stllea
Hall the same evening* "Resolved. That it Is
the duty of citizens to support this country
in its foreign relations . under all circum
stances." The affirmative will be taken by
Frank Schuman '00 and H.- A. Encell '05 and
the negative by S. S. Hawley '03 and B R
Walker '05. ¦
Miss Edith"'. Evans, "04, will address " the
Toung Women's Christian Association at 4:15
o'clock Tuesday in Stiles Hall, when she will
speak on "University Women of Toklo." H.
H. Bell of San Francisco will address the
Young Men's Christian Association at 7:15
o'clock In the Eame hall.
EJward .B. Clapp, professor of Greek. Ian-,
guage. will' address:: the Philological Club. at
7:30 o'clock to-morrow evening in room 10,
North Hall. He will relate his experiences
during his recent'- travels abroad. . " ;
The zoological eectlon of the Science Asso
ciation will- hold- a meeting at 4:16 o'clock
Tuesday afternoon in East Hall. J. F: Bo
vard will contribute a paper on "The Dtetrlbu
tlon of Sense "Organs In a California Earth
worm." . . ...
BERKELEY. Sept. 6. — Monday and Wednes
day being legal holidays, all the . departments
of the university , will be closed, with the
exception of the library, which will keep th«j
usual hours.
UNIVERSITY EVENTS
Tug Banger Saila.
The tug Ranger, after undergoing extensive
repairs, sailed for Eureka yesterday.
Steamer Tows Bark.
The British bark Annasona left port yester
day in tow of the steam schooner Arctic, bound
for Eureka, where she will take on a cargo of
lumber. , i ¦
The steamship James Dollar, which arrived
yesterday from Seattle, reports that the chief,
cook. O. Ofrmnn, died at sea on September C.
Ha was a native of Sweden. S3 years of age.
The supposed cause of his death was heart dis
ease.
Cook Dies at Sea.
Quite an unusual sight was seen ; Sunday
along the. docks. Sunday is a day when prac
tically all business is suspended along the wa
ter front, but as to-day is Labor day many of
the ships in port which are discharging cargoes
were compelled to utilize Sunday and kept ifio
full complement of stevedores at work from
early morn until late at night.
Sabbath Quiet Broken.
Philip Jean; a sailor on the French bark
Margaret Mollnos. while trying to walk from
Be&le-street wharf to the deck of his ship yes
terday, missed his footing' and fell to the wharf.
He landed on his head and cut an ugly gash
over his left eye. He was conveyed in a etate
of stupor to the Harbor Emergency Hospital,
where he revived somewhat while- Dr. W. E.
Stevens sewed up the triangular cut on hie
head.
Sailor Suffers Fall.
Cable advices, from. Honolulu yesterday
announce that -the British \ bark , Juteopo
lis had putintb that port' for a supply of
provisions. '•• " \ ¦' %;r* :
The JuteoDOlis galled from Hollo 129
days ago, bound for Delaware Break
water. The bark was 'well manned arid
supplied with stores sufficient to meet the
demands of the ' time required for the
regular voyage.
Just as she was approaching the Caro
line Islands a succession of calms set In,
and for more than, two months she was
practically becalmed and simply drifted
about at the mercv of the waves.
Little by little the store of provisions
commenced to give out, so the captain de
cided to make a. run for Honolulu, where
he obtained a fresh- supply.
The experience of the Juteopolis may
perhaps in a measure account for the
long trip the American ship Helen Brewer
Is making. The Brewer is now out 184
days from Sourabaya and is also bound
for Delaware Brakewater. Saturday she
was being reinsured at 90 per cent. ..The
arrival of the Juteopolis at Honolulu
strengthens the belief that the Brewer
may still be afloat
Prospects of the Safety of
. Helen' Brewer Are En
\ :>. 'couraging.
Bark j Juteopolis Puts
Into Honolulu for
¦- - : Provisions.
OVERDUE SHIP
IS HEARD FROM
: . : .
Steamer. From. | Due.
W. H. Kruger' Humboldt [Sept. ?
Redondo ._ Humboldt Sept. 7
Montara Port Harford Sept. 7
G. Lindauer... Portland Sept. 7
Chchalis Grays Harbor Sept. 7
North Fork... Humboldt Sept. 7
State of Cal... San Diego & Way Pts. [Sept. 7
Sonoma Sydney & Way Ports. [Sept. 7
Columbia Portland & Astoria (Sept. 7
Bonita Newport & Way Ports. |Sept. 7
Del Norte Crescent City jScpt. 7
Mackinaw.... Tacoma Sept. S
Centralia Grays Harbor -Sept. H
Corona Humboldt Sept." 8
PluTenlx.. '..... Mendodno .(Sept. 9
8. Portland... Portland & Astoria.... | Sept. 0
Arcata.. Coos Bay & Pt. OrfordJSept. t>
Queen J Puget Sound Ports... | Sept. 0
Colon New York *vla Panama. | Sept. • 0
Rainier Seattle & Whatcom... jSept. 0
Eureka. Humboldt ISept. 9
H K. Maru... China & Japan JSept. 10
S.Barbara.... Seattle & Olympia |Sept. 10
Point Arena... Mendocino & Pt. ArenajSept. 10
S.Monica Pan Pedro Sept 10
Chlng Wo China & Japan Sept. 10
Santa Rosa ... San Diego & Way Pts. | Sept. 10
San Pedro...... San Pedro ISept. 10
Pomona Humboldt (Sept. 11
Argo Eel River Ports |Sept. 11
Coos Bay San Pedro & Way Pts.jSept. 11
Mariposa Tahiti ISept. 12
Uarda (Hamburg- & Way Pts. Sept. 12
G. W. Elder... Portland 4: Aittoria Sept. 12
Centennial.... Seattle & Tacoma Sept. 13
City Puebla... Puget 8ound Ports jSept. 14
Alliance Portland & Way Ports. jS*pt. IB
F. H. Leggett. Portland iSept. 15
Chas. Nelson.. Seattle iSert 13
United State* Coast and Geodetic 8urvey—
Timo and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francjsco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE — The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about 25
minutes later than at Fort Point; the height of
tide is the, same- at both places. '
MONDAY. SEPTEMBER 7.
Sun rises 5:45
Sun sets 6:32
Moon riaeg fl : 44 p> m
0 iTime |Tlme| Tlme| Time
S 4-Ft. Ft. 1 Ft. Ft.
• |L W |H W L W| H W
7. 2:25 0.7 12:10 S'.lf 5:43 1.7
H W L W H W L W
8 0:00 5.0 6:57 1.0 12:35 5.1 6:20 1.4
9 0:40 4.8 6:30 1.3 1:00 5.1 7:02 1.1
10 1:27 4.7 7:05 1.6 1:29 5.1 7:46 0.9
11 2:22 4.5 7:43 2.0 "2:03 5.1 8:36 0.8
12 3:24 4.3 8:30 2.4 2:51 5.1 9:33 0.7
¦13 4:35J 4.1 9:25 2.7 3:41 5.2 10:46 0.6
NOTE — In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given In the- left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day. In the order of occurrence as to time; the
fourth time "column gives tha last tide of the
day, except when there are but three tides, as
sometimes occurs. The heights given are In
addition to the soundings of the United States
Coast Survey charts, except when the number
given is subtracted from the depth given by
the charts. The plane of reference is the mean
of the lower low waters.
TO ARRIVE.
Movements of Steamers.
Steamer. For. [ Saila.
Dolphin Skayway & PortsiSept. 8
Bertha Cooks Inlet A Way Pts|Sept. 7
Cottage City. . Skagway & Way Ports. I Sept. S
Meteor Nome & St. Michael. . .Sept. 10
Humboldt Skagway & Way Ports. Sept. 11
Farallon Skagway & Way Parts. Sept. 12
Oregon Nome direct Sept. 1-
Clty Topeka. . Skagway & Way Ports. Sept. 13
City Seattle... Pkagway & Way Ports. Sept. 14
Santa Ana Cook3 Inlet A Way Pts Sept. 1*
Nome City Cooks Inlet A Way Pts Sept 20
Portland Nome A St. Michael.. |S<pt. 20
Steamer. Destination. Sails. Pier.
„. , September 7.
£52 /•••• Mendoclno aty . . . 1 pm Pier 13
Redondo Los Angeles Ports. 3 pm Pier 2
W. H. Krug Los Angeles Ports. 5 pm Pier 2
Pomona Humboldt 1:30 p Pier 9
nuracao Mexican Port* 10 am Pier 1»
September S.
Centralla... Lcs Angeles Ports. 11 am Pier 10
rmatilla.i. Puget Sound Ports. 11 am Pier 8
. September IO.
S. Barbara. Los Angelea Ports. 9 am Pier 2
S. Monica.. Grays Harbor 4 pm Pier 2
Corona Humboldt l:30plPler 9
State of Cal. Pan Diego & Way.| 9 am Pier 1»
Bonita Newport Way Pts.j 9 am Pier l!t
Columbia. . . Astoria & Portland 11 am Pier '.'4
San Pedro.. Humboldt 4 pm Pier 2
September 11.
Newburc. . . Grays Harbor 4 pm Pier 10
Arcata Coos B.&Pt. Orford 10 am Pier IS
Gaelic China. & Japan . 1 pm Pier 40
Nevadan... Hono. & Kahului.. 3 pm Pier 16
J. Dollar... Seattle & Tacoma. 10 am Pier 2
September 12. f
Chehalls Grays Harbor ..[Pier 2
S Portland Astoria & Portland iPier 2
North Fork Humboldt 5 pm I Pier 2
Pt Arena Point Arena 4 pm Pier 2
San Juan . NL Y. via Panama. 112 ml Pier 40
September 13. I I
Argo Eel River Ports 4 pmiPler 2
Queen Puget Sound Pc^rts. Ill amIPler 9
September 14. | |
Rainier Seattle & Whatcomi 4 pm Pier 10
September IB.
G. W. Elder Astoria A Portland. 11 am Pier 24
September 1«.
Alliance.... Portland A W. Pts. 5 pmPter 18
September 17. I
Sonoma.... Sydney & W. Pt3..| 2 pmjPler T
DOMESTIC PORTS.
PORTLAND, Or— Sailed Sept 0— Strar South
Portland, for San Francisco.
ASTOIUA— Sailed Sept 5— Stmr Columbia,
for, San Francisco; U S /cruiser llaxblehead.
for Pujret Sound; U 8 crutoer Concord, for
Puget Sound.
Arrived Sept 6 — Bktn John C Meyer, from
San Pedro.
Arrived Sept 6— Stmr Elmore. Tillamook.
Sailed, Sept C — Stmr South Portland, for San
Francisco: stmr Aberdeen, for San Francisco:
schr Alvena, for San Pedro.
PORT TOWNSEND — Paisid In Sept 6— Bark
Diamond Head, for Seattle.
Arrived Sect fr— Br bark Glamls,' from Port
Ludlow.
Arrived Sept 6— Br bark Melanope. from
Port Blakfley. i
Sailed Sept 6 — Schr James Tuft, for Mel
bourne. ¦ .
REDONDO— Arrived Sept ' 6— Stmr Santa
Monica, from Hueneme; stmr Sequoia, from
Tlllamook.
SEATTLE— Arrived Sept 6— Stmr City of
Puebla, hence Sept 3.
Sailed, Seot 0 — Stmr Queen, for San Fran
cisco.
PORT LUDLOW- Sailed Sept 6— Br bark
Glamls, for Port Townsend.
WESTPORT— Sailed Sept 6— Stmr Westport,
for San. Francisco.
¦ COOS' BAY— Arrived Bent 5-Bchr Advent,
hence Aug 23.
Arrived Sept 6 — Stmr Alliance, from Eureka.
Sailed Sept ft-Stmr Alliance, for Portland.
Sailed Sept 5 — Schr Salvator. for San Pedro.
WHATCOM— Sailed Sept G— Stror Rainier,
for San Francisco; ship BenJ P Packard, for
Philadelphia.
TATOOSH— Passed In Sept 6— U 3 stmr
Concord; U S stmr Bennington; Nor stmr Tel
lus. hence Sept 3 for Ladysmlth; stmr Centen
nal, hence S«pt 3 for Seattle: schr Stlmson,
from. San Pedro for Ballard; schr Samar. from
Redondo for Port Townsend.
Passed out 8eDt 6— 8tmr San Mateo. from
Ta,corna for San Francisco: bktn Newsboy,
from Port Blakeley for 8an Francisco; bark
Hesper, from Tacoma for San Pedro.
SAN DIEGO— Sailed Se»t fl — Schr Caroline,
for Umpqua River.
TACOMA— Sailed Sept e— Stmr San Mateo,
for San Francisco.
FOREIGN PORTS.
• VICTORIA— Arrived Sept ft— Br stmr Athe
nian, from Hongkong.
Sailed Sept 6— Stmr" Victoria, for Hongkong.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
CJUKENSTOWN— Arrived Sept 6— Stmr Cym
ric from New York for Liverpool, and pro
ceeded.
Sailed Sept 6— Stmr Campania, for New
York.
SOUTHAMPTON— Sailed Sent 0— Stmr Enlg
Albert, for New York.
LIZARD — Pessed Sept C— Stmr Byndam,
from Rotterdam for Tfew York.
KINSALE— Pa*»ed Sept 0— Stmr Sachem,
from Boston for Liverpool.
LIVERPOL— Arrived Sept 6— Stmr Damara.
from Halifax via St Johns, N F; stmr Um
bria, from New Tork.
MOVILLE — Arrived Sept 6 — Stmr Ionian,
from Montreal for Liverpool, and proceeded.
ST MICHAELS— Arrived Seyt 6— Stmr Van
couver, from Boston for Gibraltar. Naples and
Genoa.
NEW YORK— Arrived Sept 6— Stmr Furnes
sla, from Glasgow; stmr United States, from
Copenhagen, etc.
Sun, Moon and Tide.
(120th Meridian — Pacific Time)
SAN FRANCISCO, Sept. 6—5 p. m.
THE COAST RECORD.
a £ g o m *
5 *S Sa Ss <*.:. 3
• -I ii ||4 k I
STATIONS. | -| S - |i E S f I
• 3 2 • '. ;•
Baker ........20.86 60. 42 NW Pt.CIdy 04
Carson 29.82 C6 42 W Clear 00
Eureka 30.0<J 62 54 W Cloudy '.01
Fresno 20.84 80 56 NW Clear 00
Flagstaff 29.60 60 64 BW Cloudy '.2H
Independence .211.63 80 60 N Clear CO
Los Angeles. ..20. IS 7S CO S1V Clear 00
Mt Tamalpals.29.07 06 40 NW Clear 00
North Head rx$
Phoenix 29.06 M 70 SE Pt.CIdy 'io
Pocatello .....29.7G C2 52 SW Clear *00
Portland .....29.88 64 50 x SW cloudy 03
Point Reyes... 29. &S 56 52 NW Clear 'oo
Ked Bluff. ....29.88 82 «5O N Clear *itO
Rosebur* 29.08 «4- 50 SW Cloudy "ftO
Sacramento ..29.86 82 54 NW Clear 00
Salt Lake 29.70 «« 56 N Cloudy Tr
San Francisco. 29.96 CO 54 W Clear 00
San L. Obispo.29.ftO 74 50 W Clear 'oo
San Diego... J29. 78 72 62 NW Clear 'oo
Seattle 29.82 «4 O4 - S Cloudy *06
Spokane 29.70 - 02 4S SW Cloudy- lfl
Tatcosh ....'..20.82 88-54SW Cloudy " Ort
Walla .Walla. .20.80 68' 52.: SW Cloudy 'oM
Wlnnemucca .20.82 64 44 NW Pt Cldv "oo
Yuma . , ..... .29 . C2 102 ' 82 S dear !oO
WEATHER CONDITIONS , AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
Fair weather prevails over California and
Southwestern Nevada: elsewhere on the Pa
cific Coast it is generally cloudy. Light rain
has fallen in Oregon and Washington and thun
der storms are reported from Arizona.
The pressure has risen rapidly over the Rocky
Mountain region and slowly over the Pacific
Coast and plateau region.
The temperature has fallen decidedly over the
Reeky Mountain region and remained nearly
stationary in other districts. . • - • •
Forecast' made, at San Francisco for thirtv
hours ending midnight. September 7:
Northern California— Fair Monday, excoot
cloudy on the northern -coast'; warmer; fresh
northwest wind.
Southern California — Fair Monday; light weEt
wind.
Nt-va^ft — Fair Monday.
San Francisco and vicinity — Fair- warmer
Monday; fresh northwest wind.
G. H. WILLSON. Local Forecaster.
PEORIA, 111.. Sept. 6.— The Ore which
threatened the total destruction of the little
town of Roanoke last night was finally extin
guished after $30,000 damage had been done.
•% I.I ¦—¦¦!«- I— — ¦¦— ¦¦ — ¦ ¦ I — — — —^— — — __-^L
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, SEPTEMBER 7, 1903.
9
Michael I., Mary G. Lynch. Mrs. Louie Vien
and Charles V. Lynch, a native of Ireland,
aged CS y<ars.
(CTNotice of funeral hereafter.
MANN— In Oakland, September 6, 1903, Mary
Abby ' Mann, aunt of A. L.- Mann and ; Seth
Mann, a native of Randolph, Vt., aged 75
years 9 months and 1! days. ' -- - - *.
E7"Frlends and acquaintances are resnect-
fully Invited to attend funeral sen-ices Tues-
day afternoon. September 8.. 1903. at 3:30
o'clock, at the residence ,o«> Seth Mann, 92tf
Magnolia street, Oakland.-, interment. . at
Randolph, Vt. ¦¦': :
McCARGAR— In Oakland;, September i 6, 1903,
Jonas, dearly beloved husbana*voi Alice Mc-
Cargar, father of Lincoln McCargar,- and
brother of Mrs. Mary Shaver and Sydney
McCargar. a native' of Canada, aged 72 years
4 months and 1 day. _.;:;, !
McIVER — In San Jose, Francis Holland, dear-"
ly beloved son of James and the late Annie
Mclver, aged 1 year and 1 month. -••
MILLS— In this city, September 6, 1903, Mary
A. Mills, dearly beloved wife of H. V. Mills,
and loving mother of Vivian Mills and sister,
of Joseph A and Thomas Behan, a native
of San Francisco, aged 32 years. . > ?¦
MOORE— In this city. September 5; 1903, John
H., beloveU husband of Fannie- MoOre."- and
father cf Elizabeth N., Benjamin F.. Mattle
I. and Lester H. Moore, a native, of England,
aged 57 years. . ¦ ¦.
(C7"Friends and acquaintances are j respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
to-morrow (Tuesday) at 3 o'clock p. m.. at
the chaDel of the Odd Fellows' Cemetery,
under the ausDlces of Yerba Buena Lodge
No. 15. I. O. O. F.
NIDEROST— In this city, September 5, 1903,
Charles L., beloved brother of Joseph B., the
late Henry, and Mrs. Sophie and Theodore
Nlderost, a natives of Switzerland, aged 33
years and 1 month.
NOLAN— In this city, September 4, 1903,
Michael, beloved husband of Margaret Nolan,
and father of Clara, John, May, Helena,
William, Eloise and Raymond Nolan and
Mrs. J. T. Farrell. a native of County Gal-
way, Ireland. A member of Mexican W«ir
Veterans and California Pioneers.' (New Or-
leans papers please copy.) ' -' ? • • .•
C7"The funeral will take place to-day
(Monday), at 8:30 o'clock, from his late
residence, 24 Henry street, thence to Mil-
lion Dolores Church,- where a 'requiem high
mass will be celebrated for the repose of
his soul, commencing at 9 o'clock. Inter-
ment Holy Cross Cemetery.
PLUMMER— In Mill Valley, Cal., September
4. 1903, Harriet M.i beloved wife of William
A. Plummer,- mother of Mrs. BeulahS. Bar-
ber and Fred W. Plummer, and sister of
Mrs. Adah H. Gee of Alameda, a native of
Rochester, N. Y., aged 61 years. (Roches-
ter, N. Y., and Dayton, Ohio, papers please
copy.)
(ETFriends are respectfully Invited to at-
tend the funeral sen-ices Monday, September
7, 1903, at 2:30 o'clock, at the chapel at
Cypress Lawn- Cemetery. The. remains will
arrive at 1:30 o'clock from Mill Valley,
thence by electric funeral car from Ferry
building to Cyoress Lawn Cemetery.
SMITH — In this city, September 5, 1003,
George T,, Smith, son of the late C. W. and
Mary. A. Smith, brother of Mrs. D. Jutton
and Mrs. Henry Blyth and the. late Charles
W. and W. H. Smith, a native of California.
SMITH— In Marysvllle. Cal.. September 6, 1903,
Catherine Louisa Smith, beloved daughter of
Laurence A. and Margaret Louisa Smith,
sister of Veronica. Rosella, James, Loretta,
Estella, Laurence, Retd, Leo, Genevieve and
Francis Lorenzo Smith, a native of Smarts-
vllle, Cal., aged 21 years 10 months 28 days.
THOMPSON — In this city, September 6, . 1903,
Alice, beloved daughter of John W. and' Re-'
becca Thompson, and sister of Margaret,
Edith, John and Samuel Thompson, a native
of San Francisco. Cal., aged 0 years, and 4
months.
THORNE— In this city, September' 6. 1903,
Isaac N. Thorne. a native of New Tork.
in the eightieth year of his age.
IC7*Funeral and Interment private.
WHITE— In this city, September 6, 1903, Mary
Apnes, dearly beloved wife of William F.
White, and mother of Irene and Milton
White, a native of New York City, aged 41
years 6 months and 20 4ays. .
ICTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday). September 8. 1903, at 8:30 o'clock
a. m., from the parlors of Carew & English,
29 Van Ness avenue, thence to St. Mary's
Cathedral, where . a • requiem mass will be
celebrated for the repose of | her soul, com-
mencing at 'J a. m. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery. .
WILLIAMS— In the City. and County Hospital,
September 6, 1903, Thomas J. Wllllama, a
native of Ensland, aged 02 years. .
MODERN store, centrally located, in Vallejo.
N. F. ROBINSON, 1250 Church st.. San
Francisco.
VALENCIA,. 1478 — Large store; good for gro-
cery. bakery or suitable for any business.
LOFTS TO LET.
LOT to least — tiOtf Alfeslon St.. NW. corner
of Annie; light loft of 4000 square feet; pas-
tengcr and freight elevator service; will lease
tor a term: rent reasonable. SHAINWALD,
BCCKBEE & CO.. 218-220 Montgomery st..
Mil!* building. -
SPECIAL NOTICES.
NOTICE is hereby given that the Transfer
Hooks fir ihe transfer of stock of The Bank
cf California will be closed September ' 15,
1003. at ." o"clock p. m.. and will reopen on
Friday, October 2, 1003. By order of th«
Board of Directors.
ALLEN M. CLAY. Secretary.
September 3, 1903.
DR. A. E. NEUMEISTER. Surgeon — Special
attention given to medical and surgical dis-
eases of women, diseases of the liver stom-
sch and bowels." 613-14 Starr King bldg.,
121 Geary st: tel. Private Exchange 216.
SPECIALISTS. I
CATARRH. DEAFNESS~and NOISES In EARS
positively cured: new method; 1 week's treat-
ment free. Dr. Cottlngham. 204 Sutter st.
STORAUK AND W VKEIIOUSE9.
A— EMPORIUM lstora({e~& urnlture^
household goods stored, moved, shipped.. 725-
731 Howard st,, near Third; phone Grant 161.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage & Moving Co., of-
flce Post and Powell sts.; tel. Prlv. Ex. 571.
COXI-CLIN'S storage — Furniture and merchan-
dlse. 333 Golden Gate ave.: phone East 126.
GOLDEN .West Storage; advances made; 840
Mission st. ; tel. Howard 941. F. W. Zehfuss.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
pany. 2320 Fillmore St.: phone Jackson 281.
BEKINS Vir. and Storage Co.. 11 Montgomery
St.: tel. Main 1840. Shipping at cut rates.
STl'TTEUIXG AM) STAMMERING.
MELBOURNE SysTCtm School, Van Ness and
Market: positive cure for all. Don't delay.
TO LEASE. • t
LARGE store and basement on Market St., In
most desirable part of retail district; en-
trance on two streets; will lease for short or
long term. Address M. B., box 4140, Call.
TYPEWRITERS AND SUPPLIES.
G^E^VT^lBXRGAINS~lN"TyPE\VRITERS — We
sell better machines for less money than any
house m the city; rentals $3. The Typewriter
Exchange, 636 California; telephone Main 200.
A FEW good typewriters at $30 each; get par-
ticulars. L. & M. ALEXANDER, 110 Mont-
gomery St. -j'^.
2D-HAND typewriters sold, rented, repaired.
Webster Typewriter Inspec. Co., 209 SanBQme.
PROPOSALS.
PROPOSALS for clothins and equipage. Depot
quartermaster's offlce. 36 New Montgomery
st, San Francisco, California, September 7,
1903. — Sealed proposals in triplicate will ba
received at this office until 10 a. m., Mon-
day, September 28, 1903, Paciflc Standard
time, and then opened for furnishing at
either the Philadelphia. Boston, Chicago or
San Francisco depots, of 100,000 pairs woolen
stockings, seamless, heavy quality, conform-
ing- in all respects to standards and specifica-
tions to be seen at this offlce. Bidders sub-
mitting proposals for stockings differing in
make from the established standard sample,
must submit with their bids a sample stocking
puch as they propose to furnish. Quantities
to be subject to an increase of 20 per cent,
if desired by the department. Bids for the
same articles will be opened Eame time at
the other depots above mentioned.
To avoid misunderstanding as to the exact
nature of the articles to be furnished, bidders
will carefully examine the standard samples
and specifications, so that proposals may be
submitted by them with a full knowledge of
what will be required, as an absolute com-
pliance with the standards and specifications
wlrl be insisted upon in the inspection of the
Koods. Unguaranteed bids, end bids for de-
livery or inspection at other points than those
named above will not be consider-»d. Early
deliverif* are essential. Bidders must stale
in their proposals the rate and time of de-
livery, should contract be awarded to them.
Preference will be given to articles of do-
mestic production and manufacture, condi-
tions of pricfl and quality being equal (In-
cluding. In the price of foreign production
and manufacture the duty thereon), and such
preference will be given to articles of Ameri-
can production and manufacture produced
on the Paciflc Coast to the extent of the con-
sumption required by tha public service there.
The United States reserves the right to ac-
cept or reject any or all proposals or any
port thereof. Information and blanks for
proposals will he furnished on application.
Envelopes containing proposals will be in-
dorsed "Proposals No. 6806," and addressed
to Major C. A. Devol, Quartermaster, U. S.
Army, Depot Quartermaster.
EAN FRANCISCO, Cal.. August 26. 1903. —
Sealed proposals. In triplicate, will be re-
ceived here until 12 o'clock, noon, September
10. 1903, and then opened, for furnishing at
San Francisco, Cal., Portland, Or., or Seat-
tle or Tacoma. Wash., for shipment to Ma-
nila, P. I.. 7.800,000 pounds of hay and 7,400,-
000 pounds oats. Government reserves right
to reject or accent anv or all bids in whole
or In part. Information furnished on applica-
tion to C. A. DEVOL, Quartermaster. Chief
Q. M.
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS.
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
majl will not be inserted. They must be handed
In at either of the publication offices and ba
Indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the eame published.
BORN.
SOLOMON— In this city, September 6, to the
wife of Armand Solomon, a son.
SPELMAN — In South San Francisco, Septem-
ber <i. to the wife of \V. T. Spelman. a son.
TINNET — In this city. August 19, to the wife
of Patrick J. Tlnney, a son.
MARRIED.
COCHRAN— COOK— In this city, September 6,
1903, by the Rev. Dr. John A. B. Wilson,
pastor of Trinity Methodist Episcopal Church,
John L. Cocliran of Monument, Or.,- and
Amelia Cook of Oakland, Cal. .
TIT'FTI
Arteche, Josephine Mills, Mary A.
Cavanagh. John Moore, John II.
Denbar. James W. Nlderost, Charles L.
Hartmanshenn. John Nolan, Michael
Keller, Alexander Plummer, Harriet M.
Koening, Elizabeth Smfth, George T.
Lyons, James H. Smith, Catherine L.
Lynch, Aileen Thompson, Alice
Mann. Mary Abby Thorne. Isaac N.
McCargar, Jonas White, Mary Agnes :
Mclver, Francis H. Williams, Thomas J.
ARTECHE— In this city, September 0, 190o,
Josephine, deariy beloved daughter of Frank
and Amalta Arteche, and sister of Alice
and Amelia Arteche, a native of San Fran-
cisco, aged 2 years 5 months and 17 days.
CAVANAGH— In this city, September 6, 1903,
John Cavanagh, a native of Ireland, aged 31
years. TBogton, Mass., papers please copy.)
ICTNotice of funeral hereafter. Remains
at the parlors of McAvoy & Co., 1230 Mar-
ket street, between Eighth and Ninth.
DUNBAR — At rest, in this city, September 5.
1903, James W., beloved husband of Kate
W. . Dunbar, and father of Florence May
Dunbar and Mrs. J. G. Brison, a native of
Ohio.
E?"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
Tuesday. September 8. 1003. at 1 o'clock, at
Odd Fellows' Hall, corner of Seventh and
Market streets, under the auspices of Alta
Lodge No. 205, I. O. O. F. Interment Odd
Fellows' Cemetery.
HARTMANSHENN— In this city, September 6
1903, John, beloved husband of Mary E.
Hartmanshenn, and devoted father of Ed-
ward J., Fred C, Mildred and Myrtle Hart-
manshenn, a native of Germany, .need 19
years 7 months and 17 days.
KELLER— In the City and County Hospital
September 6. 1903, Alexander Keller, a na-
tive of Germany, aged 07 years.
KOENING — In th)s city, September 4, 1903
Elizabeth, beloved wife of Max Koening, and
devoted mother of Max J. Koening- and Mrs.
A. L. Hansen, a native of Germany, aged
«6 years 11 months and 23 days. (Sacra-
¦ mento papers please copy.) \
(Cy Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Monday), at 9:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 424 Halght 6treet, between Webster
and Fillmore. Jnterment, Cypress Lawn
Cemetery, by electric car from Enghteenth
and Guerrero street*.
LYONS— In this city, September G, ]9o;i,
James H., beloved husband of Elizabeth
Lyons, and father of Margaret,' Mary, James
Anna and Francis Lyons and Mrs. George
Nicholas, a native of County Galway Ire-
land, aged 42 ye'.re.
CTNctlce of funeral hereafter. Remains
at the parlors of the Pacific Undertakers
777 Mission street. '
LYNCH — In this city. September 6, 1903 at
her residence, 134 Collins street, near
Geary, Atleen Lynch, beloved wife of the
late Dennis Lynch, and . dearly beloved
mother of Mrs. J. Fredericks, Humphrey W.,
James McGinn. ¦ Henry Hansen. I
JAMES McGINN & CO.. I
-Formerly With McGinn Bros., I
Funeral Directors and Embalmers.—— I
. 214 Eddy St.; Tel. South 570. 1
OCEAN TBAVEL.
® Steamers leave Ean Fran-
cisco as follows:
For Katchlkan. Juneau.
Haines. Skagway, etc..
Alaska— 11 a. m.. Sept. 9. ,
13. IS. 23. 28 Oct. 3. Chancn
to company's ateam*rs at Se-
attle.
For Victoria, Vancouver,
Port Townsend, Seattle. Ta-
coma. Everett. Whatcom— 11 a. m.. Sept. 8.
IS. IS. 23. 28, Oct 3. Change at Seattle t<»
this company's steamers for Alaska and O. N.
Ry.; at Seattle tor Tacoma to N. P. Ry.; at
Vancouver to C. P Ry.
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay)— Pomona 1:30
P. m.. Sept. 7. 13, 19. 25, Oct. 1 : Corona.
1:30 p. m.. Sept. 4. 10. 16 22 28 Oct. 4
For Loa Angeles (ria Port Los Angeles" and
Redondo). San Diego and Santa Barbara-
Santa Rosa. Sundays, 9 a. m
State of California, Thursdays- 9 am.
For Los Angeles <ria San Pedro and East
San Pedro). Santa Barbara, Santa Crua Mon-
terey, San Simeon. Cayucos, Port Harford
(San Luis Obispo). Ventura and Hueneme.
Coos Bay. 9 a. m.. Sept. 8. 14 33 30. Oct. 8
Bontta. » a. m.. Sept. 10 18. 26. Oct. 4
For Ensenada, Magdalena Bay San Jose' del
Cabo. Mazatlan. Altata. La Pas. Santa Ro-
salia, Guaymaa (Mex.). 10 a. m.. 7th of each
month.
For further information obtain folder.
Right Is reserved to change steamera or sail-
Ing dates^_
TICKET OXTICES — 4 New Montgom-
ery street (Palace Hotel). 10 Market street and
Broadway wharf.
Freight offlce. 10 Market street.
C. D. DUNANX. General Passenger Agent.
10 Market St.. San Francisco.
o. /?. « n. co;
"Columbia" sails Sept. 10, 20, 30. Oct 10 20,
30. "George W. Elder" sails Sept 5. IS, 25.
Oct. 5. 15. 23. Only steamship line to PORT-
LAND. OR., and short rail line from Portland
' to all points East. Throagh tickets to all
points, all rail or steamship and rail at LOW-
EST RATES. Steamer tickets Include berth
and meals. Steamer sails foot of Spear st. at
It a. m. S. F. BOOTH. Gen. A*t Pass. Dept..
1 Montgomery st. : C. CLIFFORD. Gen. Agt.
Frt. Dept.. 3 Montgomery st.
TOYO KISEN KAISHA,
(ORIENTAL STEAMSHIP CO.)
Steamers will leave wharf, corner First and
Brsnnan streets, at 1 p. m.. for YOKOHAMA '
and HONGKONG, calling at Kobe <Hlogo>.
Nagasaki and Shanghai, and connecting at
Hongkong with steamers for India, etc. No
canto received on board on day of salilng
S S. HONGKONG MARU (calling at Ma-
nila) Saturday. September 19. 1903.
S. S. NIPPON MARU
Thursday. October 15, 1903.
S. S. AMERICA MARU
Tuesday. November 10. 1903
Via Honolulu. Round trip tickets at reduced
rates. For freight and passage, apply at Com-
pany's offlce. 421 Mark't street, corner First
W.'H. AVERT. General Agent.
S S SONOMA, for Honolulu. Samoa. Auck-
land and Sydney. Thursday, Sept 17. 2 p. m.
S S MARIPOSA. for Tahiti. Sept. 20. 11 a. m.
s's ALAMEDA. for Honolulu. 8ept. 26, 11 a.m.
4JJF1EUEU & 8S93.CL. l|ts..rsitt Hto.Ml BtrWSl
(n^tStan.121 BtrkcttL.Rvla. i.fuZslL
COM?AOHIS GENERALS TBAOTATLAHT1WS.
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS, -agrf^-
Sailing every Thursday, instead of <VB5rgf>
Saturday, at 10 a. m.. from Pier 42. m *t^r
North Klver. foot of Mcrton st.
First-class to Havre. $70 and upward. Sec-
ond-class to Havre. Jl." and upward. GEN-
ERAL AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES AND
CANADA, 32 Broadway (Hudson Building),
New York. J. F. FUOAZI *£O.. Paciflc Coajt
Agents. r> Montgomery avenue. San Francisco.
Tickets sold by all Railroad Ticket Agents.
Ku« Zslaad and. Vallajo .•teams?*.
Steamer GEN. FRISBIE or MONTICELLO—
9:43 a. m.. 3:13 and S:2O p. m.. except Sunday.
Sunday. 9:45 a. rr... 8:30 p. m. Leave Vallejo.
7 a. m.-, 13:30 noon. 6 p. m.. ex. Sunday. Sun-
day. 7 a. m.. 4:15 p. m. Fare. 'SO cents. Tel.
Main IOCS. Pier 2. Mtsaion-st. dock. HATCH
BROS.
THE CAIX'S
GREAT ATLAS OFFER
Will close on September 24,
1803, and all holders of Atlas
Coupons are requested io pre-
sent them immediately, as this
great opportunity to. secure one
of these splendid Atlases at The
Call's premium rates will be
brought to a close on Septem-
ber 24. Vi ¦•' sv. '-
AUCTION SALES
£, AUCTION SALE £,
95 Horses-95
By ordtr of JAMES McCABE, of Lassen
County, we will sell 65 head of mares and
geldings, weighing from 11CO to 13CO pounds;
good blacks: heavy bone, fine condition-, also
3O head of small horses, suitable for milk and
bakery wagons.
SALE TAKES PLACE 11 A. M.
Tuesday, September .8, 1903
At Salesyard. 1732 Market St.,
San Francisco.
Stock In yards Sunday.
FRED H. CHASE & CO.. Auctioneer..
\ —————————
fe -fe*
Auction Sale.
80~HORSES~80
Bv order of G. H. MEISS of SUklyou Co.
I WILL SELL
A Second Consignment of Horses,
Consisting of 80 head of broken and un-
broken horses. Sale takes place
II a.m. THURSDAY, September 10,
At J. B. HORAN'S STOCK YARDS, Cor.
Tenth and Bryant streets.
W. H. HORD, Auctioneer.
PERSONALS*.
V.'E would like to rut a copy of The Advertis-
ing Wot id Into the hands of every person
T-.-no ke.jis any k!nd of a store; every news-
I<ar*r nan, every »d/U-rU»ii?g writer, every
person Interected In buMne«8 or any kind:
v.-r send eample copies free on request, and
»h« papa usually rr.aket friends for itself at
Rrn fight, it ltn't made to be pretty, but
to be helinul— and its circulation of 23.0CO
• biPTKctt of its class in the world) i=hows that
it is helprul. May we have your address? ;
The A-.vertulr.g World. Columbus. Ohio.
a- facial blemishesTremoved.
%> rinkles, yellow and flabby tkln, birthmarks,
smallpox pitting* and tears scientifically re-
moved without cutting, manage, electricity cr
medicines; special demonstrations this week.
Call or write Dr. L. WILLIAMS. 371 Geary.
S I '!¦;<" 1 A L— Reduced for the month only, home j
ireatment that you can use at your own '
home, rnnovltij wrinklrs. tan. freckles, leav-
ing skin clear and emooth: to be had only at
my ottre. CiUi or write M. ELLA HARRIS,
7M OTarrt.ll st.
TUK etir Hair neraedy restores pray hair, im- !
proves it* gr wih.s-or- falling. cum rtmndmrr
and itching scaip; no fia:n or stickiness:
cl«-an».»s «ic«Jp; &t druggists', hai:-dr*ss?i ¦' ;ac-
"ppt no Fuhsiituf. Star RemeiyOc..3. e r»Ge2xy.
NOT how cheap, but how good if the motto cf
th* manufacturers of the Rapid notary
Standard. tUe &/>»irig-jnach!n<» of to-ilay. J-
W. lCVANig Eront, 1C21 Mark't Ft.
PHYSICIAN, 15 years' exp'rlfnoe, cures per-
manently mon'hine. cocaine habit. Call or
ai.ire«s Central Pharmacy. 251 Grant av«..
comer Putter Bt. . f«"e moderate.
INFORMATION" wanted of whereabouts of
At'GUST HrOHAUIl. h» his mother. ADE-
LINE Hl'CHARP. 11"! Stockton St.. S. F.
BAIRDRESSING in all branches tsught: $5 for
2 week*. l'p-to-r>ate Hcirdresslng Parlors,
K'2G Market Et.. room 1. upstairs.
DANCING T'l'^i'.ay, Thursd.-jy. Saturrtny and
Sunday cv«»r.inrs at Toutonia Hall. Howard
*t.. near Ninth; manaprm.'nt Pi-of. Foster.
AT lejs than cm, uncalled for suits, overcoats
and trousers, at CHARLES LYONS', London
Tailor. 7-1 Markc-t st.
THE hifheFt price pa^d for ladies' cr irenti?'
•cast-on* <l.-ithiti*r ar.d all articles of value at
WniNBElUJ'S. 114A Ellie et.
HLEGANT suits oh easy installments: .V> cer.ts
and uj> i-er week. LEON LEMOS. im
Market St.. between Seventh and Eighth.
MRS. RUMPLE will be pleased to meet old and
iipw friends at her millinery par!cr--,!!_l Oar/
ALL ftyles lisirdn-fflnjc 23c; hair goods: mani-
curing. 25c. G. LEDERER, 123 Stockton St.
TAILOR-MADE nit 17 SO; dress panto $2M.
Miff.t Clothing Parlor, tor. Bush end Dupont.
ECPERFU3OT7S ha.r i.nd moles removed by
electric neodli*. Dr.*Mr*.Trav</r»e.ll70 Market
MASQUERAPE cofiurr.'s. play books, wips,
iccir.lry order*. GOLDSTEIN & CO.. 733 Mkt
ALFBEDUYS EnrptlSB Henr.a restores gray
hair to its natuia.1 cnlor; fl; at all druPPists'.
Superfluous heir and mol<?s removed with elec-
trlc nryflle. Mrf. & Mies Eaton. 1110 gutter.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
BART LETT, 413— Four Ie.jti' sunny room?; gas
and bath; unfumiphed. f lit. -
HERrERT <Thf> — tHinny apartments for
hou*<-keepin«r; jras ranges'; JUFt newly fur-
nished. 1530 Polk ft. j
HOWARD. 71^4—3 housekeeping rooms, two
beds; respertable; no transient.
HOWAKD, 1063 — 2 eunny connecting comjjlete-
ly furniFh*-d hay-win<5ow; electric lirhts.
KEARNY. 1C*4— Punny front suite; SIX; un-
furnlyhed; i-.ewiy papered; no children. ,
LINDEN a\ ¦».. 224— Nice, sunny, fumlshwi !
h'>us<ket})ir.K rooms. .
m 1 * ¦ \
1IINNA. 51i- Fumy rooms for housekeeping.
OAK. 117— enanr. furnished frcr.t suites; 59 to i
$14; g»F rar.f;r. hot bath, laundry; adults;
sinjrl*. STi.
OCTAVTA. I«08. corner cf Geary — Sunny
rooens; running water; housekeeping; 1 per-
son *7. 2 iH-rscns %9.
o 'FARRELL. 27*— Two or three housekeeping
rooms.
l'A'IE. :?.»:{. corner. Laguna — One or two sunny
ronnis. furnished or unfurnished, with gas
prd l>ath; rtnt reasonable.
POST. Wtt— Front room, furnished for light
l>ou*eke*pir.K : $3 per wefk.
SOUTH PARK, 84 — Furairht-d houM-krepIng
noa ar.d gas stove: rent $30 .V).
ST. JAMES. McAllister and Lapuna — Furnish- ,
«>d sunny suite with separate sunny kitchen: |
ras range; all complete for housekeeping: j
*1S up. - » J
• STOCKTON, 12'"!— Housek^pln*: front, newly i
furnished; $5 to $12; phone, j;as. bath; sunr.y. j
A BRANCH otflce for Call advtrtUsruer.ts ar.d i
fubrenrtirr.* has been established at IOjJ
Vnl«-nr'« ft.
APARTMEVTS TO LET.
EL MOXTERET." the city's neweet ap3rt-
mest hotel, located on the north side of
Pine Ft., betwoen Hyde and Leavenworth ; a
superb brick buildlns cf Spanish architec-
ture; all the comforts of housekeeping com-
bined with the conveniences of hotel life;
[>ricf>ff very reasonable.
HOOSJS TO LET — Fnrn. and Inlnra.
A HANDSOMELY furnished, sunny bay-win-
dow room in private residence, four blocks
from Park entrance, and within eai-y walk-
irjt distance of Affiliated Colleges, $15; also
'arge unfurnished room with private en- !
trance: gentlemen only. Address box 1705,
Call offlce
A— BRUNSWICK House. 14S Sixth— Rooms
2T.C to $1 per nlpht. $1 23 to $.% p*r wwk and
ligrht housekeeping rooms; open all night.
AT "The Almonte." S73 Market st. <or No. 1
Fifth Ft.)— Rooms. 25c. 50c. $1. SlWt night;
SI f>0 to $10 week; house open all night.
ANTLEKP. 415 Turk xt. — Strictly modern; 4-5
room «partmri:t»; fur. or unfur. for hskfjr.
HURNETT. 1428 Markr-t— <old No. 1304)— Fu7-
nlshed rooms, suites, eingrle; also unfurr.ish'-d.
CLIFFORD. 204 Ellis, cor. Mason— Elegantly
furnished sunny rooms; prices reasonable.
EDDY. 46£ — Room for worklngman; first floor;
outside entrance; $5.
ELLIS. S3T— Nicely furnished front room; pri-
vate family.
ELLIS, 1009, near Scott — Furnished sunny
front room. gas. $5 50 month; gentleman.
ORAVD Southern. 7th and Mission — Rooms 5Oc
to $1 60 night; $2 to $3 v/eek; reading-room.
HOTEL GRAYSTONE
6G Grary ft.; phone Bush RSO.
Centrally located fireproof hotel; elegantly
furniehe*! FUites, with baths and singles.
HOWARD. «!9 (The Planet) — Rooms, alngle
£nd en suite.
JESSIE, 363. cast U. P. Mint— Furnished
rocm. $5 r*r month; large one. 2 beds, $10.
JONES. lf*>4 — Sunny front room; every conven-
ience; private home; breakfart served.
. KEARNT, 223 — Sunny -uite or single; rent rea-
sonable : telephone Black 4446.
McALLIFTER. 20* (Alton)— Furnished, large,
Kunny bay-window corner room; good for 2.
MISSION, 1203. corner Eighth — Furnished front
room, eunny. for 1 or 2 gentlemen.
NATOMA. 102. corner of Second — Sunny fur-
nishfd front rooms; cheapest rent In city.
NINTH. 113 — Bunny furnished room; suitable
for gentleman; reasonable.
OAK 20— Sunny rooms, front, back parlor, to
2 or 3 gentlemen or man tc wife; reasonable.
O'FARRELL, 20 — Sunny furnished rooms Rnd
offices; elevator: elec. lights; day, week, mo.
RINCON place, 2* — Funny room with fire-
place- use of kitchen; 1rrr man and wife; no
children; ylew of bay; %9.
ItOYAL House, 12fi Kllle — Incandescent lights,
reading-room, emoklng-roora and ladies' par-
lor: rooms per night, 25c to U 50; week. $2
to $8; month. $* to $30; elevator on ground
floor: rooms with hot and cold water; bathh.
FT. JAMES, McAllister snd Laguna— Front
i-unny rooms; all new; v<Pry cheap; telephone
I'ac- 5751.
fc'TEVENSON <25 — Front room with grate and
closet for two. with cr without housckcep-
ing; rent %IO.
UNITED STATES. 123 Eddy St., near Market—
400 single and family rooms; 35c to $1 night;
$1 75 to $6 we*k; ele\-ator; electric lights;
rfadlng-room; free bus and bagBace.
WINCHESTER Hotrl. 44 3d St.. near Market-
Most convenient and respectable; 700 rooms;
3r»c to *I M> night; $2 to $8 week; elevator;
elec. lights; reading-room: free bus; baggage.
• •LAPFIFIED ««Jvertl»rment« and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions hac been established at 1006
Valencia Ft.
BOOMS A.M> BOARD.
: r~orUfwni* J et.-^ At- j
tractive and nr !.tly rooms; best table and .
ecnict; lowest ratf«.
VAN NEKS ave.. 1714— Private boarding-house,
home like, everything first clans; rum.y
«uite*; single rooms; choice locality; ref.
gl'NNY front room; every convenience; private i
Home; breakfast served, 1C04 Jones »U
RKAX ESTATE— CITY — FOR SALB.
D. COFFIN & CO.. pioneer real Mtate agents
of th«> Mission, will «ell you for $100 down
and ?2O per month fcr cottage, 5 r. and b.,
at aeth and Castro sts. : $500 down and J1I5
l>er month fcr new cottage 3 r. and b.. on
Precita ave.: 11500 down for 2 new flats,
Army tt. D. COFFIN* & CO.. 3303 Mission.
'.-:. t .:' i
A BARGAIN— $1200; CORNER LOT, 2 FLATS:
LOT 25x114; 184 CLIPPEtt BT. SEB
OWNER ON PREMISES.
HOl'SE for sale; -near Lick School, Utah St.,
noar Marlposa; new 3-flat houre with 10
rooms and baths; fine, bl* bay- windows; a
little alteration in lower flat will make 3
more rooms; rent will bring $50 per month.
See owner on premists; f lv« T>.
NEAT cottage with modern improvements;
ttrtr.s same as paying r»nt. Apply owner,
lumber yard. S.E. corner Alabama, and ilont-
calm streets.
$310O— LARGE corner lot. 60x110; Webster et..
near Filbert; ready to build on; good for
f.tt«; must sell; see owner. 3009 Buchanan.
A TWO-STORY house of 6 rooms and bath, gat
and water; modern improvements; grand ma-
rine view; on Sutro HflKhts. near Cliff
House. Apply 410 Forty-fifth ave.^
MOPER.V home Just finished. 9 large eunnjr
rooms; everything flm-clays'; terms to suit.
1G20 Castro Pt., opposite carhouse^
FOK cale — House 8 rms. : high basement: sunny
side l»th. bet. Valencia and Mission ; no reas.
offer refused. Stephens & Co.. Unlon-sq. Mkt.
LOTS north or south of park purchased. W.
J. GUXN. 530 California st. _f_ I
FOR SALE— Cottage of 7 room*, hath. 27
Ford St.. b~t. 17th and 18th; lot 25ill4.
HEAL KSTATK Country— For 8 " le '
A DESIKAI'LK country home at Walnut Creek,
Contra Costa County, California; five lots, 50
xl40 each; houFf with '.I bedrooms, kitchen,
pantry, china closet, washrooms, bathroom,
etc.; hot and told water in house; two wells,
¦windmill with 5000-jjallon tank; chicken-
housf. li varieties of grapes. 2 flff trees, 4
plums. 5 appKs. 4 pears. 12 English walnuts
tbrarlnp) ~ soflEbell almonds, 50 Kngllsh
walnut!, to graft this year, large variety of
flowers snd n[c>» lawn; barn holds 40 tons of
hay and 0 horses; price $4300.
W. 3. MORTIMER & CO.,
2i:U Center St., Berkeley, Cal.
ALFALFA lands, stock ranches, orchards,
vineyards: Inspected bargain*; monthly cata-
logues sent free. C. M. WOOSTER CO.. 648
Market st
i
j $&» — ALMOST new 4-room cotage. ElmhurM:
Firm!! ea?h payment. $7 50 monthly. OSCAR
HETMAN. 14 Post st.
6H ACRES improved chicken ranch; a bar-
gain. Mrs. Molatt, Cotatl, Sonoma Co., Cal.
A WEEK'S new* for 5 cents — The Weekly Call.
18 Tinges. In wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
1'OIAT RICUMOM) REAL ESTATES.
WATER front Ion and bargains; all tracts:
msps. photoE. «?tc. BELL, 417 Parrott bid*.
KKAL ESTATE TO EACHAXGE.
| OWNER of choice Berkeley real estate would
like to exchange for some In this city. Ad-
dnss box 41 48. Call offlc*.
alameda advertisements.
AI.AMEDA REAL F.STATE.
I Jt'ST WHAT YOU ARE LOOKING FOR.
A PRETTY HOME' IN ALAMEDA.
Surrounded by flowers and fruit trees; near
train and Khools; only ?2S50; lot 7."xl2r>.
Nice 5-room cottace end bath.
ALAMEDA LAND COMPANY,
Tel. Grand H1B. ISoO Park Bt., Alameda-
| BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
| —
?2000 — HOUSE of 5 rooms and bath; near
Santa Fe R. R.
J25OO — House of 5 rooms anJ bath; large lot.
jll.'.Oo — House of 6 rooms and bath; Telegraph
ave.
$2400 — House of 6 rooms and bath; sunnv side
of etreet; near North Berkeley Etation.
$3000 — Bonnie little horn* near th» hills; house
of 5 r^oras er,& bath; lot 100x133. .
$3500 — New house of 7 rooms and bath; near
the station; a thorough bargain.
I&OO — 6 acres of land with cottage house.
large barns; only 15 minutes' walk from
etation.
$7000 — A new house of 8 rooms, furnace, etc.;
fine corner lot.
$6500 — Here's a chance to make money; fine
corner lot. 135x100, and good housf of 9
rooms; street work all done; only 2 Llocka
from station.
JOSEPH J. MASON. Real Estate,
Berkeley Station.
$2373 — Big snap; ."0x130; on Bancroft way,
near Telegraph ave. ; everything done.
$500 — Lot on Parker St., near. Grove; macad-
amized; any old terms.
I $r,::.V> — Cozy home, 6 rooms and bath; ample
lot: sunshine; view; Just*the place; 5500
' down.
CHENEY & BERRY.,
P. O. Block, Berkeley Station.
11 ACRES, adjoining university, whole or divi-
sions. DR. MOL'SER, owner, 707 Bush. S. F.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE, 1118 BROADWAY.
OAKLAND KKAL ESTATE.
JUST WHAT YOU WANT.
GOOD MODERN HOME ON OAKLAND
HEIGHTS.
House has parlor, dlnlng-rrx>m, hall, kitchen,
larne pantry, four bedrooms; will be sold for
$3750: house rents for $30 and would rent for
$35 month; cloEe to croestown line. See this.
JAMES E. NAISMITH,
464 Twelfth st.
$:SSOO — A MODERN house of 11 rooms and 2
baths ar.d barn; lot SOxl25; all street work
done; property cost $4500, but owner is
bound to sell; etreet car within 100 feet
of the house.
HUGH M. CAMERON*.
10.'8 Broadway. Oakland.
OAKLAND HOUSES TO LET.
NEW. 0-room flat, $20; combination gas flx-
turf-p: open plumbing; pa' p nt door openers;
shaking tub'*s; sunny. 1723 Alcatraz ave..
Lorin Etation; key at 1721; take Berkeley
local. . L2^__
OAKLAND FUItXITUnE jj*" 1 * , S ALE.
TO-MORROW the day for barrainiTln TurnP
ture. H. Echellhaag. 11th St.. cor. itore.Oaklad
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
AMERICAN Can Company.— At a meeting of
the Board of Directors of the American Can
Company, held September' 1, 1903, a dividend
of two and one-half per cent was declared
bpen the preferred stock, payable va Septem-
ber 30 to stockholders of record at the close
of business September 15. . The transfer
books will be closed as to the preferred stock
from September 16 to September 30, both
days inclusive. Checks will be mailed.
AMERICAN CAN COMPANY. R. H. IS-
MON. Secretary. :
DIVIDEND NOTICE— The Giant Powder Com-
par.v. Con. A dividend. No. 57. of fifty
cenui <50c) ptr chare on the issued capital
ctock of the company has been declared, pay-
able at the offlce of the company rooms
202, 204. 206 Hayward building. San Fran-
ciico, on September 10. 1903. Transfer books
clote Sept. 3 at noon. C. C Qulnn. Secretary.
LEGAL. ADVERTISEMENTS.
IN the Superior Court of the City and County
of San Francisco, State of Callfornla.-»-FlIed
August 25, 1903. ALDERT B. MAHONY,
Clerk, by E. J. CASEY, Deputy Clerk; No.
23,150. Probate— In the matter of the estate
of ALICE 8KAE. deceased. Notice for pub-
lication of time appointed for probate of will,
C. C. P.. Sec. 13O3. — Notice is hereby given
that Tuesday, the 8th day of September.
A. D. 1903, at 10 o'clock a. m. of that day,
and the courtroom of Department No. 0 of
taid court, at the City Hall, In the City and
County of San Francisco, fctate of California,
have been appointed as the time and place
for proving the duly authenticated' copy of
the will and codicil of oa'd ALICE SKAE,
deceased, and of the. probate thereof, and
for hearing the application of MERCAN-
TILK TRUST COMPANY. Or SAN FRAN-
CISCO, a corporation, for the isiuance to it
of letters testamentary thereon. (Seal.] AL-
BERT B. MAHONY. Clerk, bv E. J. CASEY.
Deputy Clerk. Dated. August 25. A. D. 1903.
MOr.RISON & COPE, attorneys for pe-
titioner. ¦" '
THE CAXX'S
GREAT ATLAS OFFER
Will close on September 24,
1903, and all: holders of Atlas
Coupons are requested to pre-
sent them immediately, as this
great opportunity to secure one
of these splendid Atlases at The
Call's premium rates will b«
brought to a close on Septem-
ber 24. - :
New Pope's Sister Prophesies Evil
for His Holiness.^=^=^ -j
"Oh, what a misfortune! My. poor Beppo, who so loved a comfort- :
: able chat! Who knows what misery, he will go through in that prison •
: there in Rome?" • , _ .[\
\ These were the words, said with tears and real grief, with which i
• Maria, sister of Pius X. received the news that he had been, made Pope, •
• and they epitomize the feeline of the family about this elevation of their \
: "Beppo" to one of the most powerful positions on earth. * •
I Of course it is not an unusual circumstance, that in all times and \
\ all ages evil prophecies of dire disaster to come have been heaped ;
i upon the heads of those who have -won greatness, but in this instance \
the above incident, with' much more that has followed since then, has :
electrified and well nieh appalled many of those who are in a position- :
to know the condition of affairs at the Vatican. . •
Indeed, it. is extraordinary when "one's own family prophesy evil j
where only good can be. but yet, strange as it may seem, not only the \
sister of the new PopeY but ¦ her brother and many of the other mem- \
bers of the family besides have given utterance to words that have :
added vastly to the mystery of the misery and growing unhappiness that i
Ms said to be settling heavily upon His Holiness. Strangest of all, they i
speak authoritatively, without malice, but in deepest compassion, and i
their words are being given credence far and wide, more particularly as ;
Pius X has been adding equally strange confirmation. •
He speaks continuously of the many things in his . life that he had :
treasured that are now gone from him forever, and in this way the •
boyhood, the early, manhood, the later ambition, the inner life of His •
Holiness is brought forth more dramatically than it could be in any •
other way. That is how Mr. I. Cochrane has been able to write the '<
remarkable article for the next Sunday Call, which, with the pictures i
from Rome, occupies, a full page. It is the most valuable article about i
the new Pope that has yet been secured anywhere. :
Indeed, it is just such features as the above that has given Journal- ''<
istic. excellence to the Sunday Call's Magazine Section, which is already :
far in the lead in a literary way. It is no idle boast, or boast at all, '
to say; that no other, paper in America can offer so much of eenuine i
merit and fascinating interest. <
For itistance; next Sunday you will get the fourth and last install- :
ment of '"Brewster's Millions," one : of the most powerful American ] >
novels of the day,: a 'complete short story, "The Little God and Dickey" :
by> Josephine Dodge the most famous woman writer in Ameri- •
ca to-day; another complete short, story. "A Question of Service." by :
Edith Wyatt; two full pages of "Half-Hour .Storiettes," the latest and i
most popular development in high-class. literature;' the "Me-ows of a ;
Kitty," a brilliant symposium of wit and wisdom, by Kate Thyson Marr. i
(Tust watch for those cat pictures.) "The Oracle of Mulberry Center." j
by S. E. Kiser; "Fables for the Foolish." by Nicholas Nemo: "Under -
the Wheeling Stars." by Martha McCullough Williams; "The Etiquette :
of rx Bachelor Girl." by Madge Moore; "The Wonderful Kingdom of i
Wonderful Things," by. Ben McCutchen, the famous artist and corre- i
spondcnt; the very latest in wedding stationery and— but why enumer- <
ate any more? You are sure, to .read them all ¦' for.- yourself, in the. next <
Sunday Call., -* - <Lundy carries largest stock 18 -k. plain
rings. In the city. .,4. Third. street „, • :
Trapper"eOll cure* rheumatism and neuralgia.
Dnicglcti, 50c flask. Richard & Co., 109 Clay. •
Edward Flores, 403 Broadway, and J.
Palaclos, 244 .Tremont street, both cigar
makers, quarreled on Federal street, near
Broadway, early yesterday morning: and
Palaclos threw a glass sugar bowl at
Flores. The bowl hit Flores on the head
and broke, severely cutting him on the
head and face. Flores was taken to the
Harbor Emergency Hospital, where five
wounds on his scalp and one on his cheek
were stitched and dressed. Palacloa was
arrested by Policemen Wren and Mc-
Grayan and booked at the City Prison on
a charge of assault with a deadly weapon.
Hit "With a Sugar Bowl.
LONDON*. S^rt. 6— William Waldorf Aetor
ha* contributed $100.01.0 to a fund to aid the
ref parch for a cure for cancer.
Our business Is to print things, and we excel
in good printing. UrmXl-tUUUm. 22 Clay. •
N'APA, Bept C-The last Grand Aerie
of Eagles offered three prizes, $75, tM,
and $2.j. respectively, for the best written
article on the Fraternal Order of Eagles
Justice J. M. Paimer of Napa was among
hundreds who entered the contest fcr a
prize. Z. S. Israolsky received a telepram
from Cojiprepsman Bell last evening in
formlr.g him that Palmer had been award
od the third prize by the Oran<l Aerie in
session in New York.
Ifapa Justice Wins a Prize.
If almost constantly irritated by wind
ar.d rr.ineral-laOn dust; inflammation.
redness, itching and burning, followed by
granulated eyelids, are the rps^lts
UUBINE EYE REMEDY gh« quick : rt
lief Doesn't smart; soothes eye pain;
makes woak fyee siror.g. Your drueelst
or cptlcian e~I!s Murine at S3 cents. •
The San Ifrancisco Eye
The Young Men's Hebrew Association
pave an entertainment at its hall, 1970
Tape str-^ot, last n'sht. which was large
ly attended. The first part of the even
inp's programme was in the form of a
vaudeville performance.
The entertainers wore Miss Pettce. Miss
Barry. Htnry Auerbach. Miss Schwartz.
J. Zeklnd, Henry Greenberg and A. Gold
borp. At 10 o'clock the gymnasium was
cleared for daneinp. and from then on un
til midnight all the guests participated
in the d^Usfats of Terpsichore.
Entertain With Song and Dance
The woman's husband is in the employ
of Burke & Slcke, coal dealers, 1323 Bush
street, but he has not been, living with
her for the last two weeks, cs she did
not want to have him around. Prior to
the birth of her last child, four months
ago, the woman was employed to do
housework in the Park house on Kear
ny street, near Clay. The California So
ciety for the Prevention of Cruelty to
Children will be asked to look after the
three unfortunate chldren.
Policeman Smith went to the woman's
room and found her drinkine with a
man while the three children were In a
state of utter neglect. She was placed
under arrest and taken to the Citv Prison
with the little ones, where a charere .of
cruelty to children was placed against
¦her. '
A case of gross neglect and cruelty to
children was reported to Policeman Percy
Smith by the landlord of the . lodging
house at 118 Eddy street early yesterday,
morning. . Mrs. Ada Plucker was living
in a room with her three children,, the
eldest about 4 years of r.ge and the
youngest four months, and the landlord
Eaid she spent her time drinking and ca
rousing with men, thus neglecting ' her
children.
Mrs. Ada Plucker Accused of Neglect
ing Her Babies and Carousing
With Men.
"WOMAN AEEESTED FOB
CRUELTY TO CHILDREN
There will be two distinct parades in
the morning. One composed of the
unions affiliated with the Building Trades
Council will start from Lombard street
and Van Ness avenue, the line of march
being on Van Ness avenue to Market
street, thence down Market to the ferry,
where they will embark for Shell Mound
Park, where they irfU join in celebrating
Labor day with kindred organizations
from Oakland.
The parade of the other unions will
start from East and Market streets.
thence on Market street to Van Ness ave
nue, to JEddy street, countermarching to
Eighth and Market streets, where the
procession will disband. It is the inten
tion to make the line of march as short
growth and character of the unions
which they compose and to listen to ad
dresses of their leaders.
AFTER a day of rest the working-
Tien of San. Francisco will turn
out to-day in parade, to show by
their numerical strength the
The exercises at the Chutes will begin
promptly at 4 o'clock. Only two ad
dresses will be delivered, one by G. . 13.
Benham, president of the Labor Council,
and the other by Andrew Furuseth.
A display of fireworks will be given in
the evening. Admission to the Chutes
will be, for adults 25 cents, for children
10 cents. Kstimatcs made by labor lead
ers of the number of men who will be .in
line in both proccs.sions place the number
at about 50,000.
as possible so as not to fatigue the
marchers and to leave them In good con
dition to attend the exercises at the
Chutes.
This afternoon at 3 o'clock the first : of
the" popular concerts will be given at
the Mechanics' Pavilion under the direc
tion of Fritz Scheel. These are a series
inaugurated by the San Francisco Sym
phony Society for the benefit of the pub
lic. That a large crowd . will attend is
already an assured fact, since the ; sale of
seats is unusually great. There is no
other leader in the United States that
knows so thoroughly how to please the
general public as Scheel, and for, this rea
son, his concerts are invariably well at
tended. The programme for this: after
noon Is., an exceedingly, interesting one
and at the same time melodious. To-day
the seats will be on sale at the pavilion.
There will be a second concert at the pa
vilion on "Wednesday afternoon and to
morrow afternoon another regular Tues
day symphony concert will be given at
the Grand Opera-house. " , ;
Scheel Popular Concerts.
All the principal streets have banners
and flags across them at intervals and
large bear flags are being placed in posi
tion, Kronts of stores are rapidly being
covered with bunting, while large Ameri
can flag3 fly from the prominent build
ings about town. The whole city has
taken on a gala attire, and from to-night
there will practically be a holiday until
next Thursday. Monday labor will hold
sv.-ay and on Tuesday evening the town
will be turned over to the Native Sons
and Daughters and they, will continue
their reign all day Wednesday.
Never before was labor so well organ
ized in Santa Clara County and nevei in
the history of the city has such a labor
demonstration been seen as will be held
Monday. Over 3000 labor unionists will
be in, line. From all. over Santa Clara
County, the union men will gather here to
parade. The hig parade, which starts at
9 o'clock, will consist of four divisions
and each division will be headed with a
band. C. \V. King will be grand marshal.
At the dlsbandment of the parade the
union men and their families will ad
journ to Agricultural Park, where a pic
nic and barbecue will be held. There
will be bicycle races, baseball and other
games and sports.- In the evening there
will be a' grand ball.
BAKERSFIELD,' Sept. 6.— Labor day
will be celebrated here to-morrow by the
unions of Bakerstield and Kern. The pa
rade will start 'from Armory Hall, corner
of Nineteenth and H streets, at 1:39 and
Will march through the principal parts of
the city. It is expected that there will
be about COO men in line, including all or
ganizations in the city, except the rail
road engine trainmen, who will not take
part. After the parade there will be ath
letic sports and a game of baseball be
tween teams from Bakersfield and Kern.
In the. evening a grand ball will be given
at Armory Hall."
business houses are decorating in
honor of Labor day and Admission day.
The labor unions and the Native Sons
are jointly decorating the town. These
decorations will be completed to-night
and -will -be left In place until after Ad
mission day. - •
SAN JOSE, Sept. 6.— The Garden
City Is preparing for a double wel
come and holiday. Flags, banners
, and streamers are being hung and
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Thousands of Union Men
Will Parade on Decora
ted Streets of San Jose
Steamboat Fireman Tires of Living.
iwtnara I'oucr, a steamboat fireman,
crew a dull razor across his throat in
¦seven] places yesterday afternoon in his
rc>o ™ ** the Manchester Rooming-house
on Third street. Potter^ intentions to
Kill himself were frustrated by his
gnorar.ee of anatomy Jn not know
ing the location of the jugular arterv In
his attempt to kill himself he severed the
v.indpipe in two places and al.«o inflicted
a wound on his left wrist. The gashes
were arawn together by Dr. Bonkowitz at
the Emergency Hospital, after which the
v.-ould-be suicide was removed to the Citv
and County Hospital
N armurt of the fier.iflcan~« of the month
In the realm of Ftylc the October Fashion
mapazlnr-s ar P always important numbers and
amor;* them The Delineator is conspicuous for
BcaeraJ *xce'.leace and fcr the attractiveness
of the style? portrayed. The newest fabrles
and Istost millinery are also illuFtrated and
the r.ovflti*>s and fancies in trimminjrs arid ac
o«*-on*s pictured. The Evolution of a Club
woman, a serial story, by Apnes Surbridge.
i>fr:ns in this Dumber, treats a fundamental
QUtction of the feminine world— the woman's
Als-o tppcan the first of a remarkable
¦me* of photographic articles in which J C
Hcmnidit. th<" well-known photographer " re
lates h!» BdvcBtorea with the <am~ra at home
aii-J in for.;ipn lands. His war experiences.
wh_eh r-owttitaie the first rarer, arc thrilling
aji<1 ab*nrbir. K ly ir.ier. -stirs. In fiction llu-r^
la JMi exre'lt-nt story, *>r!!it<«»d The Silent Tart
r BY Lyr.n Koby Meekins. and the second
p»ri of a Florida Crecker. Virginia Frazer
.Joyie s quaint story of a remote Florida ham-
Irt Home-building particularly the sentiir.en
i *w d , e of ll - |B written of by Oara E
Leuphlin. and X. Hudson Moore ha* a de^
.ipht.ul paper on lilies, in the Flower series
in C&rlotta and I." a unique cookery series
PffMCOttBS practical culinary advice in the
ff 'm vS;"- H',"* Rradfo -^ tells the story
'w/'Mn- I"" Dlnn !/- An ldeal Durban
<.we!l!np is shown, and a coaplr of pares of
Historical PliPi.crs are another fratuI^Tn-
Children s IVpartnwnt Is unusually interesting
cov.nn* almost the rr.tire field of juvenile en'.
icnfciement and instruction
The Delineator for October.
William Mode Cook, a capitalist of
New York, who is president of the com
pany which is building the largest hotel
in the world at St. Louis, arrived from
Donvor yesterday with his family and is
registered at the Palace Hotel. The big
hotel he represents is to cover fourteen
acres of land and will have a frontage
of 2503 feet, or nearly half a mile. The
hotel will be two stories high, eitept the
front portion, which, for appearance
Bake, will have three stories, and wiil
contain 1200 rooms.
Discussing the plans for the immense
structure last evening Mr. Cook said that
his company is confident that it KSs one
of the most promising- enterprises at the
coming exposition. Oor.Unuing, he said:
"It has been the experience of visitors
to all expositions that hotel accommoda
tions are most difficult to get and it was
this fact, together with the indications
that St. Louis is to draw an unsually
larpr crowd to her exposition, that re
sulted in our company t conceiving the
idoji of building: on an exceptionally large
Kale. Of the 4200 rooms the Iiotcl will
contain 1300 will be conducted on the
European plan and the remainder on
Tho American plan. The plans had hardly
be< n made public befo're we began to re
ceive letters of inquiry from various parts
of the country, which aug-urs well for a
largr- attendance at the fair."
<"ook is making: a tour of the coast pre
paratory to returning to St. Louis and
Ffttiins: down to the business of his big
onurprises. From here ho goes north to
Portland and from there he will return
to the Kast by way of Spokane and the
Yellowstone Park.
Dr. Mclvor-Tyndall's lecture at Stein
way Hall was -attended by a large audi
ence last night. The doctor gave a dem
onstration of his. psychic powers and Dr.
Atkins also interested the audience with
an account of his theory that the vital
spark ia electrical in essence and action.
The programme at the Chutes contains
the names of numerous excellent enter
tainers for this week and there will be a
display of fireworks this evening.
•£•*• ¦¦':'•
"The Con-Querers" and "The Glad
Hand" will be presented at Fischer's The
ater, this week.
• ".' • '••-{>*
"Whose Baby Are You?" a farce com
edy, will be this week's bill at the Cen
tral Theater, beginning with a matinee
to-day.
At the Columbia Theater this week
Henry Miller and Margaret Anglin will
be seen in "The Devil's Disciple" and
"The Tamioe of Helen."
"Everyman." the fifteenth century mor
ality play, will be presented again this
evening at Lyric Hall and will continue
nightly for two weeks.
Miss Florence Roberts will continue to
appear this week in "The Unwelcome
Mrs. Hatch" at the Alcazar Theater
Gounod's great opera. "Faust,", will be
given to-night and Wednesday, Friday
and Saturday evenings at the Tivoll Op
era-house. "Rigoletto" will be given
Tuesday, Thursday and Sunday even
ings and Saturday matinee.
The Pollard Lilliputian Opera Company
opened the second week of Its engage
ment at the Grand Opera-house last
night in "A Gaiety Girl." The production
is a new one to San Francisco audiences
and contains many novel features. The
little ones displayed much grace and car
ried themselves with an air of assurance
beyond their years. The scenic effects
were of an. elaborate scale and the cos
tumes elegant. Little Daphne Pollard in
the role of Lady Virginia Forrest won
friends immediately by her quaint man
ners and graceful carriage. She inter
preted the role in an exceedingly clever
manner and surprised the entire house
by the way shey handled her lines. Master
Teddy McNamara, a wee lad, appeared
as the knockabout comedian in the piece,
and the way he went through his various
stunts was comical in the extreme. Then
he sang a song that brought down the
house. Master Jack Pollard, who plays
the part of the clergyman, is possessed
of great talent, and he fully demonstrated
last night that he is a born comedian.
He was the center of attraction during
the greater part of the production and
was fully equal to the occasion- in every
instance. The chorus and ballet are espe
cially good, and they sing some catchy
songs. One of the features of "The
Gaiety Girl" is the dancing.
The "standing room only" sign was dis
played long before the curtain went up
at the Orpheum Jast evening. Those who
were turned away missed a good show,
and those who secured admission were
fortunate. Four new numbers of the star
order have been secured by Manager
Morrisey, and the holdover acts were all
the cream of last week's performance.
Frederic Bond and company open in a
laughable farce, "My Awful Dad." Bond
sustains the character of Adonis Ever
green, a giddy father; Arthur Buchanan
takes the part of Richard, his son, and
Miss Georgie Benton plays Matilda Wed
digan, a dashing young widow. Mrs.
Biggs is ably sustained by Ethel Tassin.
It is one laugh from start to finish. Al
mont and Uuraont, on the bills as the
world's greatest instrumental hussars, do
themselves proud, and there seems to be
scarcely an Instrument they cannot mas
ter. During the act they introduce sev
eral horns which are new to this city.
Fisher and "Wacker appear as comic
Tyrolean duetists. It is their first Ameri
can appearance, and they certainly "make
good." There is just sufficient blend of
comedy in, the turn, which, with the ex
cellent voices, brings encores at the con
clusion of each song. The original Rio
brothers are wonders as athletic enter
tainers. They do work that has never
been seen here before, and the strong-arm
exhibition is marvelous. They held the
'audience until the conclusion of the show,
which is something out of the ordinary.
The L.a Vine-Cameron trio continue in
their laughable absurdity, "My Demented
Friend." These popular people receive a
warm second-week welcome, and their
acrobatic and dancing turn is hard to ex
cel. Marguerite and Hanley open the
show as sensational acrobats, and George
Schindler follows as the world's greatest
harmonica player. Lew Bloom and Jane
Cooper appear again in "A Picture From
Life," and T. Nelson Downs still mysti
fies as the "king of coins." .
The gypsy role of Esmeralda suits Mis3
Kemble better than anything she has
done this season. Picturesquely, she fills
the role admirably. Frank McVicars es
says the Quasimodo, and in a sufficiently
fantastic get-up docs earnest and effective
work in the part. He makes a distinct
score by the nonchalant fashion in which
he carries Miss Kemble up Notre Dame's
steps. (And she is not of the lean kine
of Pharaoh, either!) Charles Wyngate is
the archer, Phoebus de Chateaupers, and
brings a dashing exterior and some con
viction to the part. Thomas Oberle Is
the priest, Claude Frollo, who bobs up
unserenely just when he shouldn't. Mr.
Oberle looks that way and seemed com
fortable in the role. Adora Andrews, who
was the Fleur de Lys, was acceptable,
and the rest of the large cast filled in
more or less advantageously.
The house was large, irreverent and en
thusiastic. Next Sunday evening the reg
ular season begins with "A Friend of the
Family," with George W. Barnum and
Alice Johnston.
BLANCHE PARTINGTON.
For the.last week of their local engage
ment the Neill-Morosco . Company pro
duced last night for the nrst time here
Paul Potter's dramatization of "Notre
Dame." Five acts of it there are, not
more trustful than much of the current
romantic melodrama— nor less. Yet Mr.
Potter has succeeded in presenting the
story with clearness, in accenting pretty
justly its salient features and in massing
them attractively. While the device ob
vious is rampant, the play is not dull and
has a scene or two of considerable
strength. Very good comedy is the scene
where Gringoire finds himself among the
thieves, and would be better were the
poet role played otherwise than buffoon
fashion, in which its exponent conceived
and acted the part laBt night. Go to thy
Sothern, thou Sumr.er, and be wise! The
scene of the attempted murder of Captain
Phoebus is also well managed, though
gaining no particular strength from its
acting, and the lines are" unusually ef
fective. From the scenic side the pro
duction is entitled to considerable praise,
also the stage management, with special
eye to the clever handling of the mob in
the Court of Miracles. .
Says New Structure Is to
Cover Over Fourteen
Acres of Lard.
Orpheum and Grand Opera
House Present New At
tractions.
William M. Cook, Head
St. Louis Enterprise,
Visits City.
"Notre Dame," Prom
Scenic Side, Splen
didly Produced.
LARGEST HOTEL
IN THE WORLD
Fifty Thousand Sons of Toil Will Parade Through
the Streets To-Day and Will Listen to Addresses
by Men Who Are Leading Them in Industrial Battle
HOSTS OF UNION LABOR
ARE READY FOR THE MARCH
REALITY'S THRILL
IN MOB SCENE
THE SAN FKAKCISCO CALL, MONPAY, SEPTEMBER .7. 1903.
LABOR LEADERS WHO WILL BE
PROMINENT IN PARADE AND
EXERCISES TO-DAY.
10
ADVERTISEMENTS.
. We want to make this month's sales
greater than the last. We have been
buying here and there at our prices car
load after car load of canned good?, meat,
lard, soap flour, potatoes, coffe.e. tea, etc.,
buying the bargains ¦ offered us for cash
down, until our warprooms are full from
floor to dome, so commencing to-day, we
ore going to give you an opportunity to
Bet as little or much of those bargains as
you may want at the following prices:
20 lbs Spreckels" cane sugar. ... .'.Ijti.OO
On orders — Others give 14 lbs for SI. 00.
•%C0 lbs Eastern finest hams. Ib..l5 l-2c
500 boxes finest potatoes, box SOc
1600 squares fine creamery butter. sq..4Oc
1OO0 dozen ranch fresh eggs doz .JJOe
Others will ask you 4Oc.
COO ]-lb cans Royal Baking Powder.
2 for 75c
1-lb cans corn beef, 2 cans 25e
R0 sks VI l-2e rice C 1-2 lbs .%Oc
:n-Bks ppllt rice. 10 lb? .5lU?
All canned creams, 3 for ......... .iirjc
ISO dozen 1-lb cans clams, 5 cans. . . . . .4oe
Baltimore oysters. C for 4.~c
10c imported sardines. 6 for '.r»Oc
4-lb can Mocha and Java coffee !SOc
a solid cars btst flour last v.eelt at
this price— 50 lbs lfSJ.10; 100 lbs
«2.15; 1000 lbs ?20.r,0
2 gal pall fancy syrup, pall ...S.~e
• 100 l-2-gal cons pure honey can SOc
2 o5c bars imp. Castile soap.. 4.%c
20c bottle, catsup now... . 1U<*
Pine pure olive oil. 35c; 1-2 gal.' !*'i.25
2 25c Jars mustard 2Sc«
SOc bottle extracts. 20c; 65c bottle..4Oc
9 lbs rolled oats or wheat 25e
Car Eastern lard— 3-lb pall,' 35c; 5-
lbs. <»5o; 10 lbs «1.2O
4 lbs 25c Kona coffee 5Oe
4 cans deep red salmon '.UTic
35c can asparagus '. . . . . 20c "
C lbs navy white beans' ...,'ZTtc
6 1-2 lbs pink beans iu.ic
6 1-2 Ibs.bayo beans !!2r»c
2 50c Jars beef extract ntic
30c kippered herring can : 2Oc
Eagle milk. 3 cans ....4Oc
3-lb cans finest table fruit, peaches
pears, apricots. 3 cans 30e
SOc teas, 50c; 5 lbs ...?2.00
FAMILY LIQUORS.
College Club rye or bourbon, qt .50c
Silver Shell rye or bourbon qt 5«>e
The Noted Brand A A. bottle... . 6Oc
McBrayer. qt. OOc; gallon .&2.2Ti'
$3 to $3.60 Bourbon, gallon #1.75
S3.&0 to $4 bourbon or rye. gallon. .$'.£.00
55 to $0 bourbon or rye. gallon...... $2.75
Ono gallon old McBrayer and 1 gallon
- of our port wine, the two for $2.5O
Old Tom gin. qt. 5Oc; gallon ..SJI2.OO
Port or eherry. qt bottle. i!Oc; gal.-. 75c
Six years old.
We pay the freight within 100 miles.
Mall orders promptly shipped. Goods de-
livered to Vallejo, Oakland, . Alameda San
Rafael, Sausallto, to your, kitchen, 'why
pay more elsewhere?
¦ If you cannot get to our store, telephone
South S»4. or drop us a postal 1O4O
Market et.. between Sixth and Seventh op-'
poelte Jones or McAllister and Hlbernla
Bank.
UNITED STATES BRANCH.
STATEMENT
OF THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF THE—
PHCENIX
ASSURANCE COMPANY, Limited,
GF LONT>OX. ENGLAND. ON THE 31 ST
day of December, A. D. 1902. and for th«
year ending on that day, as mada to th«
Insurance Commissioner of the State of Cali-
fornia, pursuant to the provlaions of Section.
610 and 611 of the Political Code, condensed
as per blank furnished by the Commissioner.
ASSETS.
Cash Market Value of all Stocks
and Bonds Owned by Company.. %2, 489, 341 25
Cash in Company's Office 265 21
Cash in Banks 276, Ml 91
Interest Due and Accrued on ail
Stocka and Leans 29.042 5O
Premiums Jn due Course of Col-
lection 284,841 84
Due from other Companies for Re-
insurance on Losses already paid. 3.331 27
Total Assets $3,063,483 94
LIABILITIES. ~~
Losses adjusted and unpaid 151,230 00
Losses in process of Adjustment or
in Suspense 233. 432 00
Losses resisted, including expenses. 21,802 00
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning one year or less, $1,885.-
9U7 27; reinsurance 50 per cent. 942,963 63
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning more than one year. $1,555,-
72J 07; reinsurance pro rata... 832,5:3 25
Due and accrued for Salaries,
Rent, etc 2.173 72
Commissions and Brokerage du«
and to become due 73.072 50
All other liabilities 231.920 24
Total Liabilities $2,397,213 43
INCOME. '
Net cash actually received for Fire
premiums 92.502,937 13
Received for interest and dividends
on Bonds, Stocks. Loans, and
from all other sources 8t,S3.1 Z2
Received from Horn* Office 324.375 00
Uncollected premiums of last year.
collected this year 1S5.406 77
; Total Income *ll^L— 2 U
EXPENDITURES.
Net amount paid for Fir© Losses
(including $718,036 57. lcsse» of
previous years) $1,778,363 Sft
Remitted to Home Office 83.004 35
Paid or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage £ •••••• «1.607 33
Paid for Salaries Fees and other
charges for officers, clerka. etc. 13S.041 24
Paid for State. National and Local
taxes • • • ' |5>4SS
All other payments and expcndl-
turea ••••••••• 132, 038 27
Total Expenditure* f?:!!?: 803 " 2
Fire.
Losses Incurred during the year. .$1.656.143 00
Risks and PremlumslFlro Risks. I Premiums.
Net amount of Rlsksj
r .r tC . n ..^ 1 . nK ..' he $406.»35. 2 ie $4,349,033 29
Net amount of Risks!
expired during the
year.. ? 337.819.465 4.179,924 00
Net amount la force
December 31. 19py. 308.773.790 3.471.651 2i
~~ LOUIS P. BATARD,
• Second Assistant Man«ser.
Subscribed and sworn to before me, thi» 4th
day of February. 1*£ ORGE Q RUCER
Notary Public.
BUTLER & HEWITT,
GENERAL, AGENTS.
413 CALIFORNIA STREET, San Francisco
iik|IEIl€E*§
fW^ FAVORITE
IRKCRIPTION
I SL FORWEAKWOMEW.
VnHy Gal $1.00 nrinr
APVEBTISEMEirra. _ »
CURTAIN
We invite the public to inspect our elegant New
Stock of LACE CURTAINS. These are in Irish
Point, Battenberg, Arabian, Colonial and Madras
Net. We have also received a new importation -of
Lace Tidies, Center Pieces, Scarfs, Squares and Bed
Sets, in both Antique, Cluny and Battenberg Lace.
OrbvlALo*
White ana Ecru LACE CURTAINS, In Saxonu, Madras
and Colonial Nets, fast edges and new designs.
" $3.00 Pair.
ARABIAN LACE CURTAINS, lioth single and doufile
tordersj 3# uards long.
$5.00 and $6.00 Pair.
IRISH POINT LACE CURTAINS, In both cream and
. white, all new patterns.
$5.00, $5.50 and $6.00 Pair.
BATTENBERG LACE CURTAINS, pure White, 3# uardS
long.
$5.00 to $16.00 Pair.
A splendid assortment or NEW BEDROOM CURTAINS,
In Rurried Net, Swiss and Tamfioured.
$1.25 to $3.50 Pair.
NOTE.
We have still on hand afiout 50 pairs FINE WHITE
BLANKETS, size 80 Inches wide fiy 92 inches long.
Price
$7.5O Rair.
Former Fries $10.50 Pair.
Samples o? Our New Fall Goods Forwarded
Free to Any Address.
ill, 113, 115, 117, 119, 121 POST STREET.
Stores closed at noon to-day
and Wednesday.
No deliveries to-day.
Special Sale next week.
Cross babies become good-
natured babies when fed on
Mellin's Food. Mellin's Food
nourishes and pleases.
Would you like a sample of Mellin's Food
: - to try ? You may have one for the asking.
«#¦
MELLIN'S FOOD CO.. BOSTON. MASS.
H For Sores, Ilnmn, Scald*, I
I'i Ulcers. HiDBTworin, Tetter. /v '/" n Hi
H Erysipelas, S««ld Head, / >>^ 1? J PS
i Itch, l'ttnplra, Ulotehes, JL H
I Inflamed Lyelids, Itch. A*. c5*"l bi
1 ingPUc8,andallSkiayrV *X I 5J
i HEISKELL'S §
1 Ointment i
M They all yield to its magical inflapnre. Batho K
1 |S the afl>i*twl part, miner ffitirh't Soap, night {fl
H] and morning, apply Ueiakell'a Ointment, and Bj
H curerolJowilnaieirdays. A tall druggists SOc i
H Send for free book of testimonials. X i
H JOHNSTON, HOLLOWAY & CO. fl
681 Commerce St., Philadelphia. Jg
Rra c?uAn & EEC x£*3 *fefl »r»
EVERy;BLAD£.\MRANTB)
9 B f\ I ff\ Ammunition. Huntirjr and
B B 1 HM1V Sporting Goods. Lar S c,t
ft ma 11*3 stock. Lowest pries. o«-d1
ill lEnl 1 for ""alogue.
735* Market «L and 311
Kearny at.
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
As prescribed by a Ian-
enacted by the last Legislature
the State Board of Commis-
sioners in Optometry has is-
sued certificates to the under-
signed firms, entitling them
and their employes to practice
the fitting of spectacles and
ej-eglasses :
GEO. H. XAHW,
201 Xeuny St.
HEXTBT TTAHTT ft CO.
(The Ocularium),
642 Market St.
BOGUS OPTICAL CO.,
211 Fort St.
HZSSCK ft KAISER,
7 Kearny St.
STAWDAKD OPTICAX, CO,
217 Kearny St. v '
2EBTEX>nrG OPTICAL CO,
IS Seamy St.
gASgZLL ft 7021X3 OPTICAL CO.,
243 Grant Ave.
CKLa xr-BEBCTTA OPTICAL CO.,
9S1 Karket St.
CALirOSETA OPTICAL CO,
207 Kearny St.
— — — — — — ¦- _