VOLUME XCIV-NO. 155.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
J\ OME, NezvYork City
•*X am l Coney Island were
the ; scenes of three great
iires yesterday. Much dam
age was done by a blaze in
the Vatican before it was
conquered by the Roman
fire department, under the
direction of Pope Pius X.
At Coney Island the famous
Bowery was swept away, at
least tzvo persons perishing,
and the, property loss being
$1,000,000. In the early
morning tenement fire in
New York yesterday tzven
ty-five lives were lost.
above that of Father Ehrle", the librarian,
who lived" over the library ltseif. Marie
is-, a' celebrated French .restorer, of an
cient manuscripts \ and illuminated books.
He Is at present engaged in copying work
and his first reproductions have been se
lected for part of the Vatican exhibit at
the St' Louis exposition.
'The .famous Bramahte staircase leads
to; that part of the Vatican where the
flre broke out. The ¦ gendarmes broke in
the doors of Marie's apartment and found
him'lnrheavy sleep. .It Is : supposed /he re
tired f arid forgot to take -proper precau
tion with his kitchen flre, .which proba
bly biazed up and Ignited some near by
draperies.
The, flre started and it rapidly assumed
such., proportions • that | the j gendarmes,
who)were the first on the-scene, gave an
immediate : ; general. ;' alarm. ,' The .'.whole
palace awoke tb; Instant' life.'' The; Swiss
Guards, the "papal firemen, -gendarmes,
priests- and- domestics air rushed -hither
arid thither In confusion,' asking what was
the matter,, no* one -'knowing where or
what the" danger was, or what- to do. . ¦;¦.;
1 1 News .of .the fire -.was j Immediately con*
Continued on Page 2, Column 4. '
«r^k OME, Nov.' l.-r-Flre' broke'out ' at
i^jH half past 8 Vclock ; to-night ' In
u'^' that portion of the Vatican con
• tainlng the Hall- of Inscriptions,
, - where the Pope gives his audi
ences and which is. adjacent to the'famous
Plnacotheca, or gallery, of ' pictures. The
alarm • caused much -confusion^' and ex
citement In : the 7 Vatican, v Streniio'us ef
forts were made to. control the flames and
the firemen' of Rome were called to .lend
their help. At a quarter past 11- the flre
was under opntrol. ".No.'HVes.^were* lost.
No idea of the damage . can* yet be ob
tained. The Pope came to •, the. scene, in
person and' remained 'until the arrange
ments to fight the flre 'were made. ., -. ._,
The flre caused a; greater sensation ~ in
Rome .' than ¦ any other- event -'since ¦ the
death^of Pope^Leo.; The safety « of -, the'
Pope was the first. thought In every one's
mind, but this was soon- assured. - When
the" Pontiff ? arrived '. at ¦ the ; scene" Re or
dered every" one to assist in extinguishing
the flames. .', , V. - '- ." " -V
ORIGIN V OF. THE FIBE.
The first ; intimation >' of j, flre -was '-had
when smoke ' was seen ' issuing; from. » the
apartment of -11. Marie,' which Is located
Exciting Scenes Attend Disastrous Blaze
in the Papal Palace.
f • ¦ that started early this morning
in the House . of All Nations, the flve
story tenement house at 426 Eleventh ave
nue. The police and Coroner believe the
blaze to have been of incendiary origin.
Some of the peculiar features of the
disaster, in addition to the startling loss
of life, are that the flre was practically
extinguished in twenty minutes; that the
police could learn of but one person hav
ing been Injured other than those who
lost their lives, and that the property loss
was only 57000. i
Most of the dead are Italians. Their
names follow: Giuseppe Rossi, Antonio
Rossi, Justlno Rossi, Nicholas Nogal. Pie
tro Dressl, Antonio Brosera, Nuceletta
Vlnguiguerro Doresi, ' Phllo Doresi, a
baby; Antonio Villimo, France's Vllllmo;
Sarah O'Toole, Antonio D'Angelo, Pas
qualo Marotto, Frank Mastrenlo, Mattle
Vendrano, Jose Mustrlm, Pletro Donyzskl,
Joseph Zorowlts, Frank Delmonio, Anto
nio Berloich, Antonio Ucllllnl, Giuseppe
Cappelli and three unidentified Italian la
borers. .
: The only, person injured, so far as can
be learned, is, Mary E. Quinn, who was
burned about the face and hands and se
verely bruised by leaping, from a second
floor fire escape to the ground.
In several apartments in the tenement
Halloween parties .were In progress and
the- guests pat these added greatly to the
number of persons in the house and made
the. crush and Jam to escape more than
It ordinarily, would have been. Although
plentifully, provided with fire escapes,
front and rear, escape was cut off a few
minutes after the fire started by the bod
ies of ; the -dead: becoming .wedged m the
opening leading to the ladders.
« -EW YORK, Nov. 1.— Twenty-one
la f men, three women and a 10
j| / %/ - months-old baby were burned to
4 V death or suffocated In the flre
Twenty-Five Lives
Lost in Tene
ment Fire.
Continued on Page 2, Column 5.
Continued on Coluxon : "2, Page 5,
X see no reason why every citizen
should not rally to rapport ticket headed
by Henry J. Crocker, its success , will
In sure San ; T ran Cisco's welfare. It
ought to be elected.
, GOVEBKOB PASUQim.
, LINCOLN. Neb.. Nov. I.-State cam
palgn headquarters for botn parties were
closed to-day and will not be again
opened. The ; managers who remained in
the city saw .no reason to change their
estimates. Both claimed the election of
their tickets by good majorities.
Nebraska Campaign Closes.
rapidly running fire. In quick succession,
they Ignited, flared at a height and then
collapsed In a great dust of sparks, which
were carried to the roofs of like buildings.
Two men, Frank Conley, a salesman,
and Peter A. S. Kelley, a bartender, are
under arrest,, suspected of knowing the
cause of the flre. They had been seen
passing In and out of the frame building In
which the blaze was first seen.
The burned area extended from-Tilyou's
walk south to Jones' walk, where a brick
wall saved the rest of the .resort, and
from the Bowery to the ocean, a. distance
of seven blocks. For. two blocks the
flames cut a swath westward of the Bow
ery, reaching to Surf avenue,' the prin
cipal thoroughfare . of- the resort. , In all
this territory but 1 two buildings were
standing to-night' untouched. '
F. F. Henderson's music 'hall, .erected
two years ago of steel and brick, and cost
ing -$250,000, and Louis Stauch's pavilion,
valued at a like 'sum, ' are among: the
buildings destroyed. . . '."-.-¦.
The Bowery A* a narrow, board-walked
alley thoroughfare, dedicated to cheap
dance halls and side shows. The roofs of
these flimsy structures were in most In
stances of tarred paper. ' Caught by: the
SEVEN BLOCKS IN BUINS.
The fire engines found it impossible to
get Into action for nearly four hours. The
alarm came from the Hippodrome, a low
frame building used in summer for a
merry-go-round. The firemen thought it
would all be over in a moment, but the
blaze had gained headway. It crept un
der the building and under the raised
street around the piling and ten minutes
later the Albatross Hotel was aflame.
From that time on, while alarm after
alarm brought every fireman within ten
miles, the fire seemed to jump from walk
to walk and from flimsy building to flimsy
building.
With the lack of water the flre ha'd the
forest of wooden structures at Its mercy,
and all that could be done was to save life,
if possible, and furniture. Everything por
table was carried out and soon Surf ave
nue for blocks was Impassable because
of the barriers of household goods, weep
ing women and children and complaining
men.
It was a fire marked by Tescues, not
alone by the police, but by citizens. Be
fore it had been an hour under way, the
police could do nothing more than try. to
keep the 50,000 sightseers out of danger.
Reserves from all the precincts within. ten
miles were brought In and Deputy Com
missioners Ebstein and Piper took general
charge.
BLAZE BAFFLES FIREMEN. ¦
ashes. Two lfves so far are re
ported to be lost, one man was mortally
injured, a score of others were hurt, 300
buildings were destroyed, 500 persons were
made homeless and more than $1,000,000
damage was done. How. many more dead
are in the ruins is not known to-night.
The casualty lists includes Lizzie' Stein; 6
years old, and an unidentified negro, dead,
and Albert Reuben,, dying in , the Kings
County Hospital. The most ¦ severely In
jured Include six men and five . women. .
« o» EW YORK. Nov. .1.— In a blaze
ffa T to-day that baffled the firemen
/ %/ for seven hours, the Bowery at
A W Coney Island was again laid In
Coney Island's Bow
ery Is Reduced
to Ashes.
EXTERIOR.AND INTERIOR VIEWS OF THE FAMOUS PALACE OF
POPES.^WHICH MAGNIFICENT STRUCTURE WAS FOR A ' TIME AT
THB'MERCY.OP FLAMES YESTERDAY. ,
The piers of the trestle were burned out
for a distance cf 100 feet. The track was
torn up for seventy-five feet. Tbe trestle
is about 900 feet long:. After the relief
train had arrived and the baggage trans
ferred to other cars, the engine of the sec
end section pulled the Bleeping coaches
The members of the "Florodora" com
pany worked like demons for over an
hour in the chilly morning air In saving
thtir baggage from the burning cars. The
actresses gave all assistance possible to
the injured mail clerks, and some even
fought the flames witn wet fcacks and
blankets.
Tne cars burned from 5 o'clock In the
morning, when the accident happened,
until after 2 p.m. A relief train was sent
from division headquarters at Red Bluff.
The relief train carried two railroad phy
sicians. Drs. Fife of Red Bluff and Mag
gard. of Teharaa, and fifteen volunteer
attendants. The train arrived at the scene
at 7:30 o'clock.
The car was destroyed. Not one letter
was saved from the flames. The car con
taining the scenery of the "Florodora"
company and which also fell through the
trestle was destroyed with its contents.
The destruction of the scenery and the
car represents a loss of $13,000 to the opera
company. All the baggage in the special
car of the opera company was saved after
a hard fight. The car was burned to the
iron work.
When the crash came every person on
the train was awakened by the terrific jar
and noise. One of the women of the opera
company was thrown from her btrth, but
not hurt. The excitement ran high. Peo
ple piled out of the sleepers in frightened
haste. None had time to dress and ran
in every direction in their night garments.
ACTBESSES FIGHT FIBE.
Mail Clerks F. L. Southwick and Charles
Rhvan were at their stations when the
accident happened. Southwick was seri
ously Injured. His right shoulder was
broken and seven ribs on the right side
were caved In. He was otherwise badly
bruised and hurt. Rhyan received pain-
Xul bruises, but was not seriously hurt.
The doors of the mail car were closed
when the car crashed through the trestle
and Rhyan had to break the windows out
in order to escape from the burning
¦wreckage. He succeeded In dragging his
injured companion through the small
eperture only after a long and hard strug
gle. Soutbwick was unconscious.
MAIL CLERKS ABE HURT.
ENGINEER, SHOWS COURAGE.
The train was thundering along at the
rate of forty-five miles an hour when
the curve near the burning- trestle was
reached. As the engine roundsd the turn
and the burning structure came into view
Engineer Bousher reversed his engine and
threw on the air brakes. His train was
less than 100 feet from the trestle when
he saw the danger ahead. Morris jumped
as the engine struck the trestle. Bousher
opened wide the valve, throwing) the full
pressure Into the cylinders. The front
trucks of the engine jumped, and as the
ponderous machine was brought to a
standstill the main trucks were wedged
against the guard and main rails.
The tender crashed through the struc
ture, followed by the mall car and two
baggage cars. They feil sixteen feet to
the slushy swamp beneath. The tender
Ftruck in the bottom and rolled over on
Fireman Morris and crushed his life out.
lie was horribly mangled. It vas several
hours before the wreckage was cleared
and the body removed.
REDDING, Nov. 1.— With a crash that
*'8S heard in the town of Tehama, two
miles from the scene of the disaster,
three cars of the first section of the
north-bound California express plunged
through the SOO-foot trestle at Sesma at
I o'clock this morning. Fireman Charles
Morris Jumr>ed from the engine and was
killed. Engineer A. L. Bousher stayed
¦with hie engine and came out unscathed,
three cars were burned and a mail clerk
ttnd excess messenger were injured.
The disaster was caused I>y the burning:
of 100 feet of the trestle. The train ran
onto the burning trestle before the engi
neer discovered the trouble and all that
caved a complete wreck and possible loss
of many lives by flre was the courage of
the engineer. The "Klorodora" company
last all cf Its scenery but saved Its bag
tage. It rewarded the trainmen with a
donaticn of JlirJ.
Special Dispatch to Tie Call
Mail Clerks Sustain Injury
and Theatrical Folk
Lose Scenery.
Fireman Jumps and Is
Killed in Tehama
Accident.
Three Cars Plunge
From Blazing
Trestle.
TRAIN RACES
INTO FLAMES
TO DISASTER
ROM AN FIREMEN, DIRECTED BY POPE, FIGHT FLAMES I N VATIC AN;
MILLION DOLLAR LOSS IN CONFLAGRATIOM AT CONEY ISLAND
FLAYS TRUST
PROMOTORS
IN REPORT
Receiver Smith De
nounces Them as
Swindlers.
Reveals All Details of
the Shipyards Con
solidation.
Stupendous Frauds Are Al
leged and He Urges
Prosecutions.
NEW YORK, Nov. L— Sensational alle
gations of willful misstatements. falsifi
cation, swindling and fraud In the organi
zation and flotation of the United States
Shipbuilding Company; -of attempts to
mislead and deceive the Investing public
by erroneous prospectus statements, and
of a deliberate plan to wreck the company
by withholding the earnings of the Beth
lehem Steel Company are contained in
the report of Receiver James Smith Jr.
of the United States Shipouilding Com
pany," made public to-day. Tne report
concludes with the recommendation that
suit be brought against all persons who
received stock of the company without
paying full value therefor, including the
promoters of the consolidation, the ven
ders of the constituent plants and Charles
M. Schwab, to recover from them such
amount as Is necessary to pay the debts
Of the company in full.
- Receiver Smith alsp recommends th©
sale of the Crescent shipyard plant In
New Jersey and the Harlan & Holllnga
worth plant at Wilmington, Del., subsid
iary plants now in partial operation, to
avoid further loss by depreciation and
the enforcement of a receivership for the
Bethlehem Steel Company, to Insure the
payment of dividends on the Bethlehem
stock held by the United States Shipbuild
ing Company.
' "AN ARTISTIC SWINDLE."
In the words of the report, the organi
zation o. he company Is characterized as
"an artistic swindle," Receiver Smith as
serting that the value of the plants, their
earnings and working capital, given In
alleged thorough reports^ of expert ac
countants,* vary so much from actual fig
ures "as to Impel the belief that the fig
ures were willfully misstated": that it is
extremely doubtful if such accountants*
reports were submitted at the organization
of the company; that the organization
was effected by "dummy" stockholders,
directors and officers; that statements in
the prospectus Issued on June 14, 1302,
were incorrect; that for property worth
$12,441,516 the shipbuilding company paid
in stock and bonds $67,997,000/ that "the
accommodating directors of the United
States Shipbuilding Company. In acquir
ing these companies, deliberately gave
away many million dollars In the stock
and bonds of their company"— "wholesale
plunder." the receiver terms It— "to a few
persons," and 1 that, so far as the Bethle
hem Steel Company Is concerned, "its
earnings have been withheld in a delib
erate attempt to wreck the United States
Shipbuilding Company."
SCHWAB GETS EVERYTHING.
The report deals fully with the name of
Charles M. Schwab, and th© nature of the
Bethlehem transaction, says Smith. Is
such as "to Justify him (Schwab) in say-
Ing that he did not sell tne Bethlehem
Steel Company, but took over the United
States Shipbuilding Company, the direc
tors of that company giving him $30,000.
000 In stock and bonds for taking It eft
their hands."
The first report deals with the incor
poration of the original United States
Shipbuilding Company, with $3000 capital
and "dummy" directors and officers, in
June. 1902; tHe offer of Promoter John W.
Youn's to sell to It the Union Iron Work3
of San Francisco, the Harlan & Holllngs
worth Company of Wilmington, Del.; the
Eastern Shipbuilding Company, the Cand?
Manufacturing Company, the Crescent
Shipyard Company and the Samuel L.
Moore & Sons' Company of New Jersey;
the Bath Iron "Works and the Hyde "Wind
less Company of Maine and the Beth
lehem Steel Company of Pennsylvania,
and the action on this offer by the com
pany. The incorporators of the company,
the report states, were Howard K. "Wood.
Howard S. Gould and Kenneth McLaren
of Jersey City, holding, collectively, the
fifteen shares of preferred and fifteen
shares of common stock of the company.
On June 24. 1902, Frederick K. Seward,
Raymond Newman and Louis B. Dailey
were elected directors, the minutes recit
ing that- Howard K. Wood, one of the In
corporators and subscribers to the stock,
had assigned his right to one share of
common stock to each of the persona
named to qualify them as directors. No
stock of the United States Shipbuilding
Company, however, was issued to or
placed In. the name of these directors so
Continued on Page 9, Column 8.
Baa rraaclsoo and vicinity—
Cloudy, unsettled weather Xoa
day, wi th conditions b*oominr
more favorablo for ralnj Ugb.%
southeast winds.
A. O. MnADgp,
District rorooastin.
TXC2 WE1TBEB.
j Alcazar — "Too Knob' Johnson."
;ABuunbn— iniexy's Ztoyal Ital
• ian Band.
California— Savtrly'a Minstrel*.
Central— "At Vallty Porg-a."
Columbia— "The Storks."
rischex's — "Babes and Boats.'
Grand— "Ben Hur."
Orpheum — Vaudeville.
>Th< Chutes— Vaudeville.
Tivoli— Oraad Opera.
SAN FRANCISCO, MONDAY, NOVEMBER 2, 1903.
The San Francisco Call.
Z us no on* sum's candidateTo Cure a Cold in One Day
Take Laxative Bromo Qulaloe Tablets All
J^lf*" reruna ">• money It It fall* to cure
fc. W, Qnrtrt ei$n»iur« Is ca taca box, 25^ «
Sultan May Settle Soon.
CONSTANTINOPLE, Nov. 1 .-The set
tlement of American claims against Tur
key Is expected within tea "flays. '¦" '
Bishop of Helena Dying.
.HELENA, Mont^ 1 Nov. 1.— The Right
Rev. John B. Brondel, Bishop of the dio
ces« of Helena and for a. third of a cen
tury one of the leading Catholic dignluJ
ries of the Northwest, Is seriously m in
this city. His recovery is not expected
and this afternoon the sacrament of the
dying was administered to him.
LONDON. No\'. 2.— The latest solution,
of the engrossing problem of the Ameri
can woman is that she is an anarchist, a
• degenerate and of a dangerous, abnormal
' type. EL B. Marriott Watson presents in
• the Nineteenth Century, published to
¦day. an elaborate analysis of the charac
• ter of the trans-Atlantic femininity, arriv
"' ing at the conclusion that Mr. Gibson's
" goddess Is little better than a whited
sepulcher.
"The character of the American woman
. 6f to-day," he fays, "is the product part
lj of racial modification and partly of the
social conditions of a commercial age. We
have many opportunities of studying the
American woman, for she has undertaken
to annex as much of Europe as practic
able end has succeeded very fairly.
**A little time back some enthusiastic
journal in New York was at paina to
• compile a list of American women who
" had married, not Europeans merely, but
Europeans with titles. A large majority
"of these ladlus were confessedly wealthy
and it would be absurd to ignore the ob
1 vious bargains upon which many such
- matches are based; on the one side
money, on the other influence or posl
•'tion. It Is considered by the taste of the
. day quite creditable if some pork pack
er's dollars from Chicago should buy a
coronet In Mavfair.
. "The American woman is claimed by
her admirers as" being independent, but
" she Is more. than that; she is anarchical.
The state hae been built upon certain so
ciological facts as foundation. Tha
• American woman is destroying these and
with them, therefore, the structure of
the state as it exists now. Evidences that
American women are deliberately turn
ing their backs on, natural laws have ac
cumulated of. recect years.
"It would seem that while the American
•• man unnaturally devotes all his days to
money-making, the American woman as
• .unnaturally devotes her days to pleasure.
. Whereas the savage woman acted as a
beast of burden to her lord, th© American
man works like a beast of burden be
iside his triumphing lady. Unless Ameri
can civilization alters. It would seem to
be doomed." • •- -'¦" <
EpeeUl Cable to Tie Call and New York
Herald Copyright. 1903, by the New
Herald Publishing Company.
Critic Asserts They Are
Anarchical ancl Ab
normal
I believe that the affairs of this mu
nicipality Bhonid be conducted on busi
ness principles. That "equal rights to
aU'"in-t2i« truest «en«e of those words,
without special privileges to one man or
any set of men, should be the rule of
action by which the Mayor of San Fran
cisco should be governed.
HENRY J. CBGCKEE.
back to Marysville, where the whole train
was switched and started north again on
the west side. The injured men were
taken to Sacramento.
The body of the unfortunate young fire
man was taken to Tehama, awaiting the
arrival, of the Tehama County Coroner.
The death of the young man casts a
gloom over Red Bluff, where he made his
home. He was to have been married on
November 14 to Miss M. Pruesser of that
place. The young lady went to the scene
of the wreck and threw himself upon the
body of her dead lover and refused to
leave him, while she frantically begged
him to speak to h«r. -¦ .
The railroad officials are inclined to
think that the 1 flre Is not the result of an
accident, but was deliberately sft. When
the accident happened a brakeman ran
back on the track for several hundred
feet and was just in time to flag the sec
ond section, which was close behind.
LONDON,' Nov. 1.— The Press Associa
tion to-day learns that a plot for the re
moval of Armenian members of tho
Huntchakist Revolutionary Society was
arranged at a meeting held In New York
seven months ago of the Alfarist or Social
force faction of the society, and revealed
to the Huntchakist' section through an
error in sending a report of the meeting
to a branch at Selford, which had seceded
to the Huntch'akists. The Boston and
I^aujsanne-' attempts' at murder were out
comes of this plot. Sagatell Sagouni was
the third 'man to be killed and "the fourth
'intended victim at present Is in .London
and taWng precautions to protect him
self.. ; sv.^'i... r ".' •
Discovery of Plot Made Through
Error in Forwarding Report to
Huntchakist Branch.
ACRMENIAN ASSASSINATIONS
PLANNED IN NEW YOBK
While several hundred thousand, acres of pub
lic lands are involved In the illegal . transac
tions brought to light, the number of acres to
which patents have been obtained by the perpe
trators of the frauds is comparatively, small.
It is proper to say, also, that some of the state
ments in regard to the matter which have ap
peared in the newspapers recently, both in the
East and In the West, are more or less exag
gerated and others are mere surmises. The
statements widely circulated to the effect that
five United States Senators and a large num
ber of Representatives were Implicated, and
that the land Involved will reach In value $15,
000.000. are without foundation. It can be pos
itively stated that they did not originate in the
Interior Department. The details of the inves
tigation are known to few.
At the proper time a full statement will be
made covering the results of the entire investi
gation and the whole matter will be given to
the public: hut, for obvious reasons, it is not
deemed expedient that a detaiied statement of
the facts should be given at the present time.
The work of the Investigation has been con
ducted by Arthur B. Hugh.' assistant attorney
In the Interior Department, and William J.
Bums of the secret, service of the Treasury De
partment. Mr. Burns was called into the case
last May and sluice that time has had entire
charge of the secret service features of the
work, while Mr. Hugh has attended to Its legal
phttA. The Secretary of the Interior Is highly
gratified with the eervioe rendered hythe offi
cers. ....
It has been the determination of the Secre
tary from the beginning that the matter should
be probed to the bottom, regardless of the ap
parent influential character of some of the men
Involved, and the inquiry has been conducted
throughout along these lines. The work is now
nearlng completion, and the whole matter at
an early date will be in phape for definite and
appropriate action against the offenders.
against the Government, under what is known
as the forest reserve act of June 4. 1897. by a
combination of land speculators on the Pacific
Coast. Tne information and indicated frauds
were of so grave a character that the Secre
tary at once directed a thorough investigation
to be made. This investigation was commenced
last June and has been conducted by those in
charge of the actual work Vvith great care and
with all possible speed -consistent with thor
oughness. The Investigation has proceeded step
by step without Intermission, under the Secre
tary's personal direction, and every clew to
wrongdoing has been quietly followed to its
source, with the result that It is -the confident
belief of those in charge that the guilty per
sons will be apprehended and speedily brought
to justice.
YANKEE WOMAN
ALARM A BRITON
Complaint is made of the operation of
the act of March 11. W2. to facilitate en
tries. • Referring to this law the Commis
sioner says:
• The prtvilrges pointed by the act have been
Kreatly abused, jaxtlcularly by United Mates
CommlfsinwrF who have often t«*en part.es
to wholesale frauds in connection with the en
trips Affidavits and entry papers have been
j.-eiared in tfie names of fictitious persons,
arid a nuroiier of other, way, -toave been de
. xlsed to asslft par^ie* to evade compliance with
the requirciients of the. law".
The report makes a"-s trong plea for a
larger force of special agents, saying:
Complaints come to this office from every
Ff-ction of the country of flagrant violation of
the rarious law* relating to the public lands.
Thousands of entries are being made for spec
¦ tilaUVp pun-opes with scarcely «ny attempt at
compliance with the legal requirements; vast
arc-as are unlawfully inclosed to ¦ the exclu
sion of actuar settlers, and "hundred? of thou
sands of dollars* worth of public timber is
bt ing taken unlawfully. To put a etop to these
* practices and eo fo preserve the remaining
• &*>¦*(• lands f or >. t h« . home builder a large
- field force is absolutHy necessary. It will be
remembered that the public domain covers
OFFICIALS AID IN FBATJDS.
WASHINGTON". Nov. l.-The
annual report of W. A- Rich
ards, Commissioner of the
General Land Office, which
was made public to-day, says
that in the past year there was a large
decrease in the number of supposedly
fraudulent land entries over the preceding
rear He attributes this decrease largely
to an order of the Secretary of the Inte
rior dated November 12. 1902. directing
the 'investigation of all entries made in
the States of California, Oregon and
Washington. Under this order alone 10,000
entries have been suspended, and there
nre now fifteen special agents of the Land
Office in that region engaged in ferreting
out the fraudulent entries.
Commissioner Richards says during the
vear there, were reported 125 unlawful In
closures of public land, covering an area
of 2 605.SK) acres. Seventy-nine of these
Inclosures have been removed, and pro
ceedings are pending to compel the re
moval of the remaining number. He says,
however, that the total number here men
tioned is only a fraction of the inclosures
maintained in violation of the law. the
special agents having found it impossible
to give attention to many others because
of the order for a special investigation of
th^ entries under the timber and stone
act
Nearly a year ago a repcrt reached the Secre
tary which indicated that frauds of a serious
nature had been and were being perpetrated
. -WASHINGTON, Nov. 1.— The following
statement of the conduct of the investi
gation into public land frauds in the Pa
cific Coast States was prepared at the-Ih
terior Department and given "o"ut with
Secretary Hitchcock's approval:
GUILTY WILL NOT ESCAPE.
Secretary Hitchcock "pnthe Scope of
• '"the Land Frauds.
PRESENT LAW DEFECTIVE.
Speaking of the forest lieu lands selec
tion the Commissioner says there were
5504 of them pending on the 1st of last
July and they Involved an approximate
area of 1,263,136 acres, He recommends a
change in the law permitting the exer
cise of pending laws within the reserva
tion for unpatented land on th« outside,
saying:
In the exchange of land within a forest re
serve for other public land it frequently occurs
that land from which the timber haa been cut
is exchanged for land having timber. This is
manifestly unfair to the. Government, but can
not be prexented under the law. While It is
considered to be impracticable to require that
only land of like value shall be taken in ex
change for land in a reserve. It might be
provided that timber land 'should not be ee
lected in lieu of such land. Just as mineral
land is now excepted from such selection.
Richards also recommends the transfer
of the control of the forest reserves to the
Department of Agriculture. There are at
present fifty-three reserves, covering an
area of 62,365,965 acres. The report con
tinues:
It is a matter of first importance that these
reserves thus far established should b» sup
plemented by such additional ones as are need
ed to form a comprehensive reserve, such as
will insure full protection to the water and
timber Fiipplies of both the Rocky Mountain
and Pacific Coast regions. As yet neither of
tho two groat ranges of these two regions has
a sufficient chain of timber protecting its en
tire length, nor has the matteT of reserving
as many sources of water supply as may be
needed In connection with the irrigation move- '
ment been fully determined.
about one-half of the entire country. The ap
propriation for the past year allowed the em
ployment of only fifty agents and their du
ties consisted In not only investigating and
reporting on alleged fraudulent entries, timber
depredations and unlawful inclosures. but in
no doing a large part of the supplementary
work necf-ssary to establish violations of law
discovered by them.
The flre had been burning 1 gome minutes
before it was discovered. It had started
in the basement and, rushing: upward, had
attacked the stairway leading to the
apartments. In a short time the flames
had so enveloped the stairway that egress
from-the building -was Impossible.- -The
house, from the third to the' iifth floors
was entirely destroyed.
At the windpws, front and rear, bodies
of men and women' were Jammed, show
ing- that a desperate struggle to get free
had resulted in the complete choking of
thipsej exits to the .fire escape and had
been 'the cause' of a number of the in
mates bein* suffocated.
Lying on a bed alongside a window at
the rear, of the -fourth floor < the fireman
found the bodies of five men. Each had
clutched the one^next to him in an en
deavor, to pygh him away In order to get
to the fire escape outside. The features
of the men were distorted, some with
rage, others with agony, and in two in
stances the. rnen..had gripped eaph other
so hard that blood had been drawn and
had run over their hands, .
Oh the third floor were found the bodies
of Nuculetta Vingiguerro Dorset and her
baby. The mother. had crawled to the
front ' window and had succeeded in
grasping the elll before she was suffocat
ed. : In her arms lay the body of her
child. .
On the third floor, in an apartment
where a Halloween-party was being held,
John O'Toole, one of- the occupants,
started to go to the street He was met
by a volume of smoke as he opened the
door. He-ran to the fire escape, followed
by air those in the flat, with the excep
tion of -his, mother, whose charred body
later was found lying in the entrance -to
the apartment.- O'Toole and the others es
caped. ' ' ' .
Wh«n the firemen reached the scene
there was a mass of flame bursting
through the middle ot the roof, while the
air was filled with heartrending screams
of the women and the curses of the men.
Many daring rescues were made by the
firemen, who at times had to use violence
in their attempts to disengage the mass
of writhing human beings struggling in
vain efforts to reach safety | from the
crowded fire escapes. One fireman climb
ed to the fourth floor, where a window
was filled with a mass of persons, Jammed
in and fighting to get out. He struck the
heads of all the men he could see with
his fist and they fell back. He then hand
ed down to the firemen on ladders below
three women and a baby. Another fire
man performed a similar feat and res
cued two girls from the fourth floor.
The building was known as "The House
of All Nations" because of the different
nationalities of its tenants.
TRAIN RACES INTO FLAMES.
Continued Prom Page 1, Column 1.
The entire Museum of Inscriptions, the
rooms of Father Ehrle, part of the library
and the printing house were .entirely
flooded by water. It is impossible to
reach even an approximate idea of the
extent of the damage. Many articles were
saved, including some ancient and very
valuable arms, which were recently
moved to the library room from the Bor
gia apartment. Many things that escaped
the flames were injured by water. •
The Pope withdrew as Boon as he saw
that everything possible was being done.
Information had been sent to the Italian
authorities. They were courteously in
vited to enter, and did so. Therefore for
the first time since the fall of the power
of the Vatican the Mayor of Rome, and
even Signor Ronchette. the newly ap
pointed Minister of Justice, entered the
Vatican in their official capacities. They
gave orders directing the work and par
ticipated personally in the fight. It was
a very difficult fire to overcome. There
were a.numb* of old and inflammable
objects in the apartment . of M. Marie,
full of combustibles.
The competition between the papal fire
men and the firemen of Rome, to see who
should work the harder and do the most
resulted in a display of courage which
was admirable, some of the fire-fighters
risking their lives • until they were re
strained by their superiors.
At a little after 11 o'clock the flre was
under control, but the work of the fire
men will continue for some time. It is
doubtful if they will leave the scene be
fore to-morrow night. Fresh relays of
men were being sent to relieve those who
have exhausted themselves.
1 veyed to the Pope/ who was found kneel
ing in his chapet for hi.s usual evening
prayer. He insisted on going at once to
the scene, notwithstanding the fact that
he was begged to .think -first of his own
safety. . He .was accompanied by Mgr.
Merry del . Val, the papal secretary of
state; M. BIsloo,- the papal majordomo,
and Mgr. Dellichs, and followed by mem
bers of the Noble Guard.
. The moment he arrived his mind grasped
the situation, and he ordered that the
firemen of Rome be called.. This was done
by telegraph. The - a firemen arrived In
about ten minutes, and although they
brought four engines with them and were
at once ready to .begin operations It took
some time to find the best way to get
sufficient water supply ' with which to
fight the fire.
-In tho meantime the flames had begun
to break out of the windows of M. Marie's
apartment and were destroying the roof.
The flames lighted up tho entire district
and gave the~ impression that nothing
could stop their fury. When the flre en
gines began working three rooms were
already entirely .destroyed and the fire
was extending, to the other apartments. '
ITAUAN OFFICIAIiS ENTER."
FIBEJ, THE VATICAN.
Continued Trom Page 1, Column 5.
HEW YOflK TENEMENT BLAZE.
Continued From Page 1, Column 6.
MANY OFFICIALS IN THE LAND FRAUDS,
SAYS COMMISSIONER RICHARDS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY^ NOYEMBER 3, 1903.
WASHINGTON, Nov. i. — President. Roosevelt's position regarding the prosecution of those implicated in
the postal scandal and the land frauds is well stated in a private letter he wrote last month to a New York
Congressman who appealed to him. in behalf of State Senator Greene of New York, who has been indicted
for his peculiar relation with George W. Beavers in procuring contracts for postal supplies. This private
letter has been made public, not by the President, but by others; but it makes clear the President's attitude to- '
ward all who have been implicated in the postal scandal. It was one of the complaints that Greene had been in
dicted on by order of the President. In his. letter the President uses plain language — just such language as he
used in the days before he became President. He says: • v ,
"Statement alleged' to have been made by inspectors that I ordered *the indictment of Senator Greene or any
one else is a lie — just as much a lie as if it had been stated that I ordered that any one should not be indicted.
My directions have been explicit and arc explicit now. Any" one who is guilty is to be prosecuted with the utmost
vigor of the law and no one who is not guilty is to be touched. I care not a rap for the political or social influ
ence of any human being when the question is one of his guilt or innocence in such a matter as corruption of the
Government service."
Again the President says:
' "If any one is to be alienated from me by the fact that I direct the prosecution of Republican or Democrat ¦
without regard to his political or social standing, when it appears that he is guilty of gross wrongdoing, why all I
can say is, let him be alienated. If the District Attorney has anything which should be known to the At
torney General or to me regarding this suit, I should be delighted to see him. But, frankly, I have not the
slightest desire to .see him if his visit is to be in the interest 'of the welfare of the party or of my success.' In a
case like this, where the crime strikes at the foundations of the commonwealth, I should hold myself unfit for this
office if I considered for one moment either my own welfare or the interest of my party, or anything except the in
terest of justice." s . . •
PRESIDENT SAYS NO INFLUENCE WILL SAVE
MEN INVOLVED IN POSTAL OR LAND FRAUDS
2
BATXWAY TBAVEL.
\
ff CALIFORNIA |
I LIMITED TO CHIOAGO |
N Leaves Mondays and Thursday* i
H at 0i30 a. m.t through In 8 days* 1
H with diner and all trappings. /]
' i llllsMHBMi hiMWislI ffi WinW^
i Other Santa Fe Trains : -
2 : S ?' SJ'l 'of Stockton, Fresno, BaVf rsfleW,
8 : 00 p' m.' S Merccd « Hanford and Visalla.
4.00 p. m. for Stockton.
8:00 p. m. for Kansas City, Grand Canyon and
! Chicago.
Tickbt Officb: 641 Market St., and Ferry
Depot. S. F. Also 11U Broadway, Oak-
land, Cal.
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. CO.
• IjB3SSE3E3
SAN FRANCISCO ANO NORTH PACIFIC ;
BAIL WAY COMPATT5T. ..
Tibnron Ferry. Toot of Market Street.
SAN" FKAITCISCO TO BAIT BATASL.
WEEK DATS— 7:30. 8:00. 11:00 a. m.; 12:35.
8:30. CjIO. 6:30 p. m. Thursdays — Extra trip
at 11:30 p. m.
Saturdays — Extra trip at 1:50 and 11:30 p.m.
SUNDAYS— 8:0O. 9:30 11:00 a. m.; 1:30. 3:30.
6:00. 6:20. 11:30 p. m.
SAN RAFAEL TO SAZT PBANCXSCO.
WEEK DAYS— 6:05, 7:35, 7:50. 9:20. 11:15
a m. ; 12:50 3:40. 5:00. 5:20 p. m.
Saturdays — Extra trip at 2:06 and 8:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:00. 9:40. 11:15 a. m.; 1:40. 3:40.
4:55. 6:05, 6:25 p. m.
Leavo I In Effect I Arrive
San Francisco. I Sept. 27. 1903. fSan Francisco-
Week I Sun- I Deetlna- I Sun- I Week
Days. I days. | tlon. | days. | Days.
7:30 a 8:00 a 9:10a 8:40 a
9:30 a Ignaclo. 10:40 a 10:20 a
3:30 p 3:30 p 6:05 p 6:20 p
S:10p 5:00p 7:35 p
7:30a ; 9:10 a 8:40 a
8:00a Novato. 10:40a 10:20a
3:30 p 9:30 a Fetaluma 6:05 p 6:20 p
5:10 p 3:30 p and 7:85 p
6:00 p Santa Rosa.
7:30 a ; 10:40 a!10:20 a
8:00 a Fulton. 7:35 p 6:20 p
3:30 p 3:30 p I
Windsor.
7:30 a 8:C0a • Healdsburg. 10:40 a 10:20 a
Lytton.
3:30 p 3:30p Geyservllle. 7:35 p 6:20 p
Cloverdale.
7:30 al 8:00 al Hopland. 110:40 a 10:20 a
3:30 a| 3:30 p| and Uklah. |7:33p 6:20 p
7:3Q a| 8:00 al Wllllts. 1 7:35 p[ 6:20 p
7:30 al 8:00 al 110:40 a|10:20 a
3:30 ii 3:30 p| Ouernevnie. [ 7:35 p| 6:20 p
7:30 al 8:00 el Sonoma. .1 0:10 al 8:40a
6:10 p| 5:00 p) Glen Ellen. | 6:05 p| 6:20 p
7:30 a| 8:C0a[ 110:40 a|lO:2o"a
3:30 p! 3:30 p| Sebaatopol. ( 7:35 p[ 6:20 p
STAGES connect at Green Brae for San
Quentln; at Santa Rosa for White Sulphur
Springs; at Fulton for Altruria and Mark West
Springs; at Lytton for Lytton Springs; at Gey-
servillf fur Skaggs Springs; at Cloverdale for
the Geysers. Boonevllle and Greenwood; at
i Hopland for Duncan Springs, Highland Springs
' Kelseyville. Carlzbad Springs, Soda Bay, Lake-
port and Bartlett Springs; at Uklah for Vichy
Springs. Saratoga Springs. Blue Lakes, Laurel
Dell Lake, Witter Springs. Upper Lake. Pomo,
Potter Valley. "John Day's, Riverside. Llerly*s.
Bucknell's Sanhedrln Heights. Hullvllle, Orr*»
Hot Springs. Halfway House. Comptche, Camp
Stevens. Hopkins, Mendoclno City, Fort Bragg,
Westport. Usal: at Wllllts for Fort Bragg.
Westport. Sherwood. Cahto. Covello. Layton-
vllle. Cumrolngs, Bell's Springs, Harris. Ol-
sen's. Dyer, Garbervllle, Pepperwood. Scotia
and Eureka.
Saturday to Sunday round-trip tickets at re-
duced, rates.
On Sunday round-trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket office. 630 Market street, Chronicle
bulldins.
H. C, WHITING. R. X. RYAN.
Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass. Agt.
H~ ~-~~ TO SAN RAFAEL
ROSS VALLEY,
MILL VALLEY,
CAZADERO.ETC.
Via Sausali to Ferry.
Suburban Service. Standard Gaugo Electric —
Depart from San Francisco Dally— 7:00. 8:00.
9:00. 10:00. 11:00 a. m.. 12:20. IAS. 3:15,
4:13, 6:15 6:15. 7:00. 8:45. 10:20. 11:45 p. m.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO
— Dally-6:25, 6:33. 7:40 8:33 9:33 11:05
a. m.. 12:20. 1:45. 2:55. 3:43. 4:43. 5:43. 6:45.
8: 'fROM 2C MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRAN-
CISCO— Dally— 5:45. 6:55, 7:52. 8:55. 9:63.
II 2oZm.. 12:35. 2:00. 3:15. 4:05; 5:05. 6:03.
7:05. 9:00. 10:35 p. m.
THROUGH TRAINS".
8:00 a. m. week days^ — Cazadero and way
fctatlons. Mk day> (gaturdayt excepted)—
Tomales and way stations.
3:15 p. m. Saturdays — Cazadero and way
* Sundays only — 10 a. ra., Point Reyes and way
** TICKET OFFICE— 628 Market st.
FERRY — Union Depot, foot of Market st.
WEEETGALL
16 Pa£es. $1 per Year
KATLWAY TBAVEL.
SOUTHERN PACIFIC
Trains leave and are due to arrive at
SAN FKANGMCO.
(Main Line. Foot of Marlcet Street >
LUTI — FROM OCTOBIK 31. l'J08. — A»BIT«
7.00a Benlcla. Suisan, Klmlr» sad Skcrsr
mento 7-25?
7.00a. VscsTiUe, Winters, RamseT 7 B5p
7.30a Martinez. Baa Rsmon. Vallejo,
Nspa. Callstosjs, Santa Rosa 6 25;'
740a Nlles. Lirermore, Tracy, Lathrop.
8tock:on 725p
800a Ds7ls.Woodlsnd. Enlghts Laaii:ag.
MarjSTllle. Orovllle 7-55p
8 00a Atlantic Express— Ogden *nd Kasi. 10-2Sa
8. 33a Port Costa. Martinez. Aatloch. I»y-
ron.TraeT,8tacktoa,Sacrameota.
Newman, Los Baaos, Meodota,
Armona, L«moore, HiaforO.
Vlsalla. PorterTilla 4.i$r
8.30a Fort Costa. Martinez. Tracy. Latb-
rop, Modesto, Merced. Fre«oo,
Ctoshen Janctlon. Lemoore, Haa-
ford, VNaila. Bakersfleld 4.55?
8. 35* Sbasta, Express — Davts. Williams
(for Bartlett Bprtairs). WlUows.
tFruto, Ued Blaff. PorUand 7-5Sp
8-30a Nlles, San Jose. LlTermore, Stock- ...
ton,Iose,Sacramento.PlacerTllle,
MarysTllle. Cblco. Hed BIbS 4.25'
840a Oakdale. Cbtnese. Jamestown. So-
nora, Tnolumne and Angels 4 25f
900a Martinez and Way Stations 8 SSf
1000a VaUeJo- ~ 1225r
10.00a- *
Ton cona, martinet, Byvoa,
Tracy. Latbrop. Stoektoa,
¦ Merced. Raymond. .Fresno, Han-
ford. VIsalU. BaKersncId. Los
Angeles (West-
boond am-res ria Cuast Liaev. .. «1-30p
10.00a Tbe Overland Limited — UgJco,
Denver, Omaha. Cblcaga 8 25p
12. 00m Bayward. Nlles and Way Stations. 3-2Sp
1 1 -OOr Sacramento River Steamers- t1 1 -00r
3 3Qp Benlcla, Waiters. Sacramento,
Woodland. Knights Landing.
Marysville, Orovllle and way
stations 19-55 4
J.30F Hayward.KIles and Way Stations.. 7 55?
3.30i- Port Costa, MarUner. Byron.
Tracy. Latbrop, Modesto.
Merced, Fresno and Way Sta-
tions beyond Port Costa 12-25*
3 30p Martinet. Tracy. Stockton. Lodl... 10 25*
4 OOP Martlnez.San IUmon.Vallejo,Nspa,
CallstoRa. Santa Rosa. 9 25*
4 OOr Nlles. Tracy. Stockton. Lodl 4.2Sp
4 3Qr Uayward. Nlles. IrTlagtoo, San 1 ta.5S*
Jose. Ltvermore t 111.55*
5.00p Tbe Owl Limited— Newman, Los
Banos, Mendota. Fresno. Tulare,
Bakersneld. Los Angeles 8.55a
5. OOr Port Costa. Tracy. Stockton 12-25P
t5 30p Hay war 1. Nlles and San Josa 7. 25a
6-C0r Uayward, Niles and 6an Jose 1025a
6. OOp Oriental Mall— Ogden. Da aver,
Omaha, St. Louis. Chicago and
East. Port Costa. Benlcla. Sul-
tan, Elmira, Davis, Sacramento,
Rockltn. Auburn, Col fax,
Trnckee, Boca. Reno, Wads-
worth. Wlnnemucca, Battle
Mountain. Elko 4.2Sr
G 00* Vallejo, dally, except Sunday.... I T -c,
7 00» Yallej«\ Sunday only f /03r
7.C0r San Pabio, Port Costa, Martlass
and Way Stations. 11 25a
E-CSp Oregon & California Express— Sae-
ramento, Marysville, Reddlaff.
PMTtlaad. Puget Sound and East. 855*
S-1 Or Bayward. Nlles and San Jose (Soa-
Uaronly) 11.55a
COAST LINE (Narrow Casge).
(Foot or Market Street.)
I 15* Newark, CentervlUe. Saa Jos«,
Felton. Boulaer Creek. Santa
Crus and Way Stations S-55r
\ 15p Newark, CentervlUe, San Josa,
New Almatlen, Los Oatos.Feltoa,
Bonlder Creek, Santa Crux and
Principal Way Stations 10 55*
4 IEp Newark. San Jose, Los Oatos and
way stations tS-53*
'3 30p Hunters Tratn, Saturday only, Saa
Josa and Way Stations. Sunday
only returns from Los Gatos .... XI 23>
OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY.
1 root SAN t KAMJISC'O. Fool of Market St. ISII-H)
—17:19 »:U0 ll:0OA.Jt. 1.00 3 00 5 15r.»
rrom OAKLAND. Foot of Broadway — »<i:uu :i:M
13:05 10:00 a.m. 1200 2 00 4 00 P.M.
COAST LINE (Broad tiaaxt).
tJT*(t'bIrd and' fownsend Streets.)
6 10* Saa Jose and Way Stations • 33f
7 00a San Jose and Way Stations B 38P
8 CO a New Almaden (Tues., Frid., only), 4.IOP
8 00a COMtLlne Limited— Stops only Saa
Jose, Gllroy (connection for Hoi-
lister), Pajaro. Castrornie. Sa-
linaa, San Ardo. Paso Roblea.
tanta MargarUa. San Luis Oblspo,
Principal stations tbence Surf
(connection for Lompoc) princi-
pal stations thence Santa Bar-
bara and Los Angeles. Connec-
tion at Castrovtlle to and from
Monterey and Pacific Grove 10-45'
0.00a Ban Jose. Tres Plnos, Capitols,
SantaCruz.PaclflcGrove.Sallnaa.
Ban Luis Obispo and Principal
Way Stations 4.10*
10.30* San Josa and Way Stations. 1-20*
1130a Santa Clara, Ban Jose, Los Gatos
and Way Stations J-3w>
1-30P Ssn Jose and Way Stations 8-36*
S-OOr Pacific Grove Express— SantaOara
.- 8»n Jos«, Del Monte, Monterey.
Paclflc Grove (connects at Santa
Clara for Santa Croz. Boulder
« v i » Creek and Narrow Gauge Points)
at Gllroy for Holllster, Tres
Plaos, at Castrovllle for aallnas. 12.15*
3-30P Gllroy Way Passenger 51045*
t4 45P Ban Jose, (via Santa Oara) Los
Gatos. and Principal Way Sta-
tions (except Sunday) t9-28A
55-JOp San JoseandPrlnctpalWay Stations tS.QO*
6.C0P Sunset Limited, Euitbound.— San
Luis Oblspo, Santa Barbara, Los
Angeles. f)einlng. El Paso. New
Orleans, New Tork. (Westbound
arrives via San JoaquInValley)... u9 25*
tS.IB* San Mateo,Bere«ford.Belmont,8an
Carlos. Redwood. Fair Oaks,
MenloPark. PaloAlto t8.4S*
8.30P Sac Jote and Way Stations. 838a
11 .30p South San Francisco. M n:hr*e, Bur-
llngarae. San Mateo. Belmont,
San Carlos. Redwood, Fair Oaks,
Menlo Park, and PaloAlto 9-4Sr
a11.30r Mayfleld, Mountain VJew, Sunny-
vale, Lawrence. Santa Clara and
" -'' Ban Jo*e t9 45p
A for Morning. P for Afternoon.
J Snnday only
I Stops at all stations en Sunday,
t fi unday excepted. a Saturday onry.
t Via Coast Line. <c Via San Joaquta Valley.
VT Only trains stopping at Valencia St. southbound
W8S::0A.a..t::0OA.J«.,n:3aA.M. 1 3:jOPJi.aa<ls:;»p.*.
Mt. Tamalpais Railway
Leave Tia SaassUts ftrry Arrive :
SanFrandxo I oat tf lUrkst It Saa Francisco
Week Sun- _»gjBB_ • . So» Week
Days, days /fSrrVvTW&W 5?Z V
•I 0:flfll* 8: OOa fe^u»fsaA l«:O3pl0:46i
•1:45p 9:00a Rme1$ ::;; J l:35p 3:5Jp
S:15p 1O:OOa 'BfSe^pSV Z-.&Or S:5Op
11:OOa \SSSHr 4:5Op »:«Op
_..—.. ' l*45r 5:SOr
-3:15p • \ T:gOp... ....
."Comset Till iUg» &r;'V-Myss> an* TUhwiass
TICIR ( 626 M arkkt St.,( North Shore Railroadj
OfnCB ) and Savsauto Fbjuiy, Foot Market St.
'APV^TISEamNTS.-
flannelette night ll
are cut extra full in - size, ffc ;^jfeg:
coming down to the an- Kj,:. |_jj IH \$£s$flt£$ffi
kles, as shown in picture. fo $J3JM : ;l
The flannelette is good V^M^l^M^W
quality and has a soft fin- [im^V &• $oi^^
ish. 'The patterns are W J^-W/j? S^^^K^
stripes and checks in quiet fM'^<r^:fe^£^
and very loud effects. (¦$ '^'i M;
Some plain and some with £'{ r ,ff|', |^
feather edge trimming *on j ptf<^j.;:;^. -, ,^^^^^
pocket, collar and cuffs ; ]r-y{vV. j$$ fM "?v^x
''.double seams ; extra R xffi *^^Sfe
strong; fast colored; sizes fl^l^J k^^j^lvf^^'
value; now to be had for »-|jf^| tit W^^-W&k
At- this price it is certainly 1^ fu^ $& K^M?* r^':m\
advisable for you to purchase ffSjI^jt-r-V | rrif. «^«3rSe % 'Vd'x^X.
two or three garments. j^t.^M Wk '^P^Sr'^i^SX.
0ut-of-T0Hn Orders Filled. W& MM Wi W^W^A^M^
740 Market Street. HT^^^Ji-^^g^ tW^
.' :. : - r ADVERTISEMENTS. % . ¦ ... ,'¦'¦: > ' "
Em That's the way Recruit Cigars are selling — that's the 11
H w&wy smokers come h&ck for more. ii
y&L two bftnds from Recruit Gi£&rs wo CGual to on© tarf from Star XftKA^t-rt Sn t*isw!M^ —a, M§f
- ••' x'-t ****** a \jua\*% m .\j hi ¦CCliiiJjg prCSCDXS* JUINEW CHIEF OF BUREAU OF
CONSTRUCTION. WHO SUC
CEEDS ADMIRAL BOWLES.
For this week the sale of shopworn
ranges will continue at the San Francisco
Gas and Electric Co., 415 Post street. •
ST. PETERSBURG. Nov. 1.— The Brit
ish Embassy here is at present being ren
ovated for the occupancy of King Ed
ward next spring, when the British mon
arch is expected to pay his accession visit
to Russia.
King Edward to Visit Russia.
NAPA, Nov. 1.— H. W. Morrell was tak
en before Justice Palmer yesterday on a
charge of forgery laid against him by
Under Sheriff Daly. . Morrell is accused
of forging the name of Clark FawverUo
a. check which -he tried to. pass, on sev
eral local merchants. The prisoner ad
mits the truth of the charges against him
and was held for trial with ball fixed at
$1500. - V
Prisoner Admits the Forgery.
X promise the people that the commis
sioners that X shall appoint, and those
others whom it is in the power of the
Mayor to put into public office, will be
selected with due regard to their fitness
for office and not in consideration of any
political pull.
HENRY J. CROCKER.
The feature of the foreign market was
the rather extensive purchases cf South
American securities by continental opera
tors. The banking troubles in St. Louis
checked the advance In the American mar
ket Prices closed lower for the week
and dealings were still very small. Cana
dian Pacific also 1 showed little strength.
LONDON, Nov. 1.— The stock market
showed, a better tone durlnsr the past
week on the Improved aspect of Far East
ern politics, but business was still small
and. the best 'prices were not maintained.
With the exception of a small failure in
the American section of tne market the
settlement was effected without difficulty.
London Stock Market Improves.
SALINAS, Nov. 1.— Last night, while
near the Odd Fellows' Cemetery, two
miles from town, a French rancher found
a lot of cigarettes hidden under a cul
vert. The Sheriff was notified and went
to the spot, where he unearthed 16,000 cig
arettes, which are supposed' to be a por
tion of the consignment of 45,000 stolen
from the cars of the Southern Pacific
Company by parties, several of whom are
now In custody here and elsewhere.
Portion of a Consignment Stolen
From Cars Discovered Near
Salinas.
CIOABETTES ABE FOUND
HIDDEN UNDER CULVERT
INDIANAPOLIS. Nov. 1.— William
Bailey of New Richmond, Ind.. substitute
player of the Purdue University football
team, died this afternoon from In
ternal Injuries sustained in the Big Four
wreck yesterday. His father arrived be
fore he died. Fourteen dead bodies were
shipped to their homes to-day and the
body of Joseph Howell of Corpus Chrlstl,
Tex., will be sent home to-morrow morn-
Ing. Services were held this afternoon
over the remains of E. C. Robertson of
East Helena, Mont., by Dr. J. C. Smith,
before the body was shipped home.
There are still lying in the hospitals
thirty-four victims of the wreck,- thirty
three of whom are students of Purdue
University. Of these fifteen are in a seri
ous condition. II. O. Wright of Pendle
ton, Ind., substitute player, has a broken
back and his recovery is not thought
probable.
C. C. Adams of Osgood, Ind., a member
of the band, has an injured spine and
is in a precarious condition. It was not
known until to-day that he was hurt,, as
he was taken to the home of relatives.
Coach O. F. Cutts, who worked over the
injured all day and night, was ordered to
the hospital this afternoon and will have
his legs in plaster for several weeks.
McManus of Davenport, Iowa, tacKie on
the team. Is no weaker to-day. Both of
his lees are crushed.
H. O. Leslie of West Lafayette, cap
tain of last year's team and this year's
fullback, has been under the influence of
chloroform all day. lie has a' broken leg
and a broken jaw.
G. W. Nichols of Philadelphia, a stu
dent who was injured in the right shoul
der, is suffering from shocK and is in a
serious condition.
T. E. Rush of Dairy Station, Pa., sub
stitute tackle, has both legs broken and
crushod and Js in a serious condition
though his recovery is predicted.
Professor Bitting of Purdue is improv
ing. * ".-' • '•'':
Among others of the injured who are
expected to be able to leave the hospital
In a few days is D. M. Allen of Blan
chard, Iowa. There are many others
whose injuries are believed to be slight
Many of them are preparing to leave for
their homes.
President Stone of Purdue Is still mak
ing his headquarters at the hotel here and
answering ino.uiries from all parts of the
country. The telegraph offices are flooded
with messages and extra forces have
been put to work to handle the business.
Nearly one-third of the 381,000 inhabi
tants of Cleveland were born in Europe.
WINTERS, Nov. 1.— Henry Craner's
large mercantile establishment was de
stroyed by fire between 1 and 2 o'clock
this morning. The Bank of Winters build
ing adjoining was damaged. The origin
of the fire is unknown. Craner's loss is
$14,000 and the insurance Is $10,300. The
bank's loss Is probably, $300, fully Insured.
The Town Hall was above the store and
all the books and records were destroyed.
Flames Make Ruin of a Building in
Yolo and Bank Is
Damaged.
WINTEBS' TOWN RECORDS
DESTROYED BY A FIRE
Z have known Henry J. Crocker for
years, and X knew his father before him.
Henry J, Crocker was brought up here
as a boy, and Z happen to know that lie
has always had the best interests of the
city at heart. Z know absolutely noth
ing ahout Xiane or hi* business ability,
but about Henry J. Crocker's business
ability Z do know, and so do we all.
And there are plenty of business people
near us who know of it and believe in
it also Most of the business people in
this city know him as weU as Z do;
and as for leaving affairs in the hands of
Mr. Crocker, Z would he willing to leave
my own affairs with him until the end
of time. »
JOHN T. H£BUILL,
(Of Holbrook, Merrill ft. Stetson).
The Itchln. one of the fifteen new type
25-knot torpedo-boats adopted in the Brit
ish navy, built by Laird, has developed a
speed of 25Vi knots with U800 horsepower
on full displacement, and on October 3
averaged 23.64 knots during its speed trial
of four hours. The consumption trial of
twelve hours at 13 knots resulted in the
remarkable low coal consumption of only
1.6 pounds per unit of horsepower. These
boats are 225 feet in length and 540 to 550
tons displacement, with engines of 7000 to
7500 horsepower, giving speeds of 25»,£ to
26 knots and carrying 95 tons of coal on a
normal draught of 10 feet. Fifteen more
Two British armored cruisers, the An
trim and Carnarvon wore launched on
the same day. October 7. at the Clydebank
and Beardmore yards, near Glasgow.
They are of the so-called County class,
of which six are under construction, and
are of 10.700 tons displacement. 21.000
horsepower and 22.25 knots speed, with
batteries composed of two T^s-inch and
ttn 6-inch guns. They are improvements
upon the Bedford class of 9800 tons, con
sisting of ten vessels. The Antrim type
has ten feet greater length and the calcu
lated speed of 22 1 * knots Is more likely to
be realized with less jockeying than that
of 23 knots of the Bedford class.
ship between Admiral Dewey and Naval
Constructor Capps and the deliberations
of the general beard are likely to be
more harmonious than they were with
Bradford and Bowles. The transfer of
Constructor Capps from New York to
Washington is apt to prove a temporary
drawback to tht- progress of the battle
ship Connecticut, for it will take his suc
cessor some time to become as familiar
with the work in hand as the predeces
sor was. which will naturally result in
decreasing the progress of work on the
ship building In competition with the
Louisiana at Newport News.
DEATH CLAIMS
ANOTHER VICTIM
There is something strange about the
remarkable excess of power and speed
developed in recent new destroyers in the
French navy. The Carabine, built to de
velop 4800 horsepower and 26 knots, came
up to G429 horsepower and over 30 knots,
and thin is followed by the Bombarde.
making 31.7 knots for forty minutes and
averaging 30.5 for four hours. The excess
cf more than four hours in boats calcu
lated to steam only 26 knots must be grat
ifying to the ministry and offsets to some
extent the disappointment experienced in
battleships, armored cruisers and other
larger vessels, which, with few excep
tions, have fallen short of the require
ments.
Unsatisfactory reports have been made
to the French Ministry of regard
ing the steaming performance of the new
cruiser .lurien de la Graviere, recently
sent out to Martinique. The captain
states that he found it impossible to keep
up 120 revolutions withj ten boilers, owing
to the poor condition of the latter, which
are of the Guyot type. The revolutions
fell down to ninety^ thus reducinc the
speed to 10 knots. ' He expresses the
opinion that while the ship made 23 knots
on trial, the highest speed now would not
be over 20 knots. The heat In the boiler
room ranced from 100 to 150 degrees and
the stowage of ccal was unsatisfactory.
The ship carries a full supply of 900 tons,
distributed in twenty main and fifty re
serve bunkers, and the latter are accessi
ble only by twenty narrow and intricate
passages, making firing under the boilers
extremely laborious even under ordinary
conditions.
yards. The time of firing was limited to
five minutes, during which the 12-lnch
guns fired twelve rounds, making six hits
at the shorter distance, and firing four
rounds with one hit at the longer range.
The 6-inch guns fired forty-eight rounds,
making fourteen hits at short range, and
hit the target fifteen times but of forty
seven shots at 0000-,yaid range.
boats of this type are to be contracted for
during the fiscal year 1903-04.
The battleship Albion of the British
squadron on the China station made some
fairly good long-distance shooting at tar
get practice last September. The target
was 70 feet in length by 23 in height and
the distance varied from 27S0 yards to 6000
"When this became known the Russians
demanded the execution of this officer
within five days, giving as an alternative
the seizure of Moukden. The Chinese
Foreign Office was negotiating with Paul
Lessar, the Russian Minister, on the mat
ter and offered "to banish the officer,
pleading that he had exceeded his In
structions, and. to remove the Taotai, his
superior, from office.
"There was a misunderstanding as to
the time limit set for these negotiations.
The Chinese thought it expired yesterday.
Before the negotiations were completed
the news was received here that Russia
had fulfilled her threat to reoccupy Mouk
den."
PEKING, Nov. 1.— The fact that Vice
roy Alexieff has removed his headquar
ters from Port Arthur to Vladivostok has
caused great surprise In Peking. It is
generally "conjectured that he was unwill
ing to risk passing the winter at Port Ar
thur, which the Japanese undoubtedly
would make a strenuous effort to block
ade In the event of war, thereby prevent
ing the Viceroy from communicating
with his Government.
The Chinese Government is greatly dis
turbed at the reoccupation of Moukden,
the capital of Manchuria, by Russian
troops. The Foreign Office is appealing to
friendly foreign legations for help and
advice, admitting its own helplessness.
The Russians returned to Moukden on
Thursday of last week. • According t« ad
vices received by the Chinese Government
1500 Russian soldiers" took possession of
the official buildings there and barricaded
the gates. There are between 15,000 and
20,000 Chinese troop* In and" about Mouk
den. •
The communications relating to Mouk
3en are as follows:
"The Russians employed a noted brig
and, who was accused of many crimes
against the Chinese, as chief of one of
the irregular bands of police they are
organizing in Manchuria. Tha authori
ties repeatedly requested the surrender
of this man and the Russians recently
consented to give him up. Thereupon a
Chinese -officer decapitated the brigand
without giving him a trial.
Bemoval of Alaxieff's Headquarters
to Vladivostok Regarded as
an Indication That War
Is Hear.
The selection of Naval Constructor W.
L. Capps as chief of the Bureau of Con
struction is satisfactor- to members of
his corps and to the service in general.
Mr. Capps is a native of Virginia. He en
tered the service in lSiO and became a
naval constructor in 1S'5, served as super
intending constructor at the Union Iron
Works from .February. 1S96, for about two
year?, when he proceeded to the Philip
pines to raise and rehabilitate the Span
ish vessels sunk by Dewey's fleet. Re
turning to the United States, he was giv
en various duties until March, lf«01, when
assigned to bis present duty at the New
York Navy Yard, where the battleship
<'onnectlcut Is under construction. Mr.
Oapps has the reputation of being one of
the ablest men in the constructors' corps
and also possesses the tact so essential
in Washington, and without which no
man. however able, ran accomplish satis
factory results. There is a cordial friend-
becomes a plain citizen. Isaiah
Har.scom resigned as chief of the
Uureau of Construction in 1S77. by request
cf the Secretary of the Navy, and Theo
dore D. Wilson gave up the office because
of impaired health, but neither these two
nor any other bureau chief severed his
connection with the navy. Therefore, the
re{=!KTia.tion of Bowles as chief of the Bu
reau'of Construction is sensational. Vari
ous causes are assigned for this unprece
dented event. Mr. Bowles entered the
Naval Academy in September. 1S75. was
graduated In June, 1ST3. and was sent to
the- naval school at Greenwich, England,
for a course of naval architecture. While
stni at Greenwich he was appointed asr
distant constructor, and. returning to the
United States in May. 1^, served on sev
eral boards for four years, until Septem
ber. 1SS6. when he was sent to the Norfolk
Navy Yard. He was promoted to be naval
constructor on October 10, 1SSS, and served
at the Norfolk yard, where he built tho
Texas arid Raleigh, until August. 1SD5,
when he was transferred to the New York
Navy Yard, at which yard he rendered
good service, under direction from the
bureau, durirtr the war with Spain. Upon
the retirement of Philip Hichborn, for
age. on March 4, 1P01, Secretary Long
selected Bowles as chief of the Bureau
of Construction. Bowles' resignation and
withdrawal from the navy goes into ef
fect November 3, and his successor. Naval
Constructor W. L. Capps. at present at
tached to the New York Navy Yard, as
sumes control of tho most important bu
reau in the Navy Department.
Mr. Bowles' reason for resigning from
the navy is that he is to become presi
dent cf the Fore River Shipbuilding Com
pany at Weymouth, Mas*. The salary
offered I? undoubtedly much larger than
that of £5500 now received, but as an off
¦et he ceases to be a rear admiral and
forfeits the pay of S3150 to which he
would be entitled when retired.
Mr. Bowles is well off financially, but
tho sacrifice- of high rank, with its uni
form and soda! status, is a serious mat
ter to a person who has tv»»n twenty-eight
years In the naval service. Two other
reasons, differing somewhat from that of
ficially assigned, are rumored, one being
that a«= a member of the Board of Con
struction his views were frequently at
variance with those of the other members
and that his masterful ways were not
acceptable to the board, in consequence
«.f which relations became frequently
strained. The other reason given i3 that
he was one of the promoters of the no
torious United State-! Shipbuilding Com
pany, in the organization of which his
estimates of values of plants, contracts
and prospective earninps were made the
basis upon which the trust was built.
For this service Mr. Bowles received
J10.<W cash, $15,000 in bonds and J25.000 In
stock, and it is just possible, if not prob
able, that the Navy Department and Mr.
Howies may have come to some realiza
tion that the chief constructor's connec
tion ¦with the formation of such a ship
building trust was susceptible of miscon
struction and that his resignation would
save the department an explanation
concerning an act that may. at the
least. b« considered an indelicate trans
action by one of its hiph officials.
FOR the first time in the history
of the cavy a bureau chief has
resigned from the sen-ice and
Ensign Damtnes, secretary of the con
sul, who was with her at the time of the
accident, gave a description of the wreck
and the death of Mrs. Booth-Tucker. Aft
erward Commander Booth-Tucker spoke.
He related an incident that occurred In
Chicago some years ago when he was
Imploring a man to become a Christian.
"If your beautiful wife were taken from
you in a horrible railroad accident, as
mine has been, you would then feel tow
ard God as I feel," said the man. The
commander commented as follows:
"If that man should be in the audience
to-day, I want to tell him that I have
not one rebellious thought against God,
who has visited upon me this catastro
phe."
After the Carnegie Hall cervices, the
relatives were taken to the Salvation
Army barracks, where the regular Sun
day night memorial services were held.
The casket was placed near the platform
and the same, pathetic scenes that at
tended the services at Carnegie Hall were
re-enacted. Colonel Higgins again con
ducted the memorial, during which Miss
Eva Booth was so overcome that she had
to be taken from the hall 'and removed
to her room. ,
The ceremonial partook somewhat of
the character of a military funeral. The
procession moved down the aisle, led by
two standard bearers carrying white sat
in streamers and followed by members of
the general staff. Preceding the casket
was Colonel Hlggins, bearirfg the Bible
and bonnet of the consul. Commander
Booth-Tucker ami his seven children, two
of them babes in arms, followed the cas
ket.
Herbert Booth, his brother, who was
formerly commander-in-chlef of the Sal
vationists in Australia, at the request of
the general remained to represent the
family and, if possible, to say a few
words to the audience. Herbert Booth
twice asked permission from Commander
Booth-Tucker to speak, but each time it
was refused. Commissioner Eva Booth
waa to have spoken, but was too overcome
with grief to do so. At the close of the
services, however, she rendered a prayer.
Cablegrams were read from General Will
iam Booth and Chief Bramwell Booth of
the International Headquarters, London,
at the funeral.
Colonel Balllngton riooth of the Vol
unteers of America did not remain for
the memorial services. According to his
secretary, he had endeavors to' arrange
for a final gathering and short private
services in Carnegie Hall before the pub
lic funeral took place. General Booth ar
rived at the hall three-quarters of an
hour ahead of time and waited for the
family gathering, but, leurning that it
would not take place, he left, saying that
he did not care to stay for the public ser
vices.
NEW YORK, Nov. 1.— Funeral services
over xhe remains of Emma Booth-Tucker,
consul of the Salvation Army in America,
were held this afternoon in Carnegie Hall.
The auditorium was filled to overflowing
and hundreds of persons who had been
unable to gain entrance waited In the
streets until the ceremonies had^ been
concluded that they might file past the
catafalque and look upon the face of the
dead Salvationist. The services, which
were conducted by Colonel B. J. HIgrgins,
chief secretary of the Salvation Army In
America, were most impressive and con
sisted of a musical programme made up
of the favorite. hymns of the dead woman
and by eulogies of her life and of the
good she had done . for mankind. The
grief of Commander Booth-Tucker was
most poignant, and as he knelt by the
bier, sobbing pathetically, the greater
part of the vast congregation wept with
him.
¦i ;¦:¦¦; .r : ; ¦¦ •¦.
Friendly Foreign Legations in
Peking Are Called Upon
for Aid.
Dewey on Cordial
Terms With
New Chief.
Comrades Eulogize L : fe of the
Late Emma Booth-
Tucker.
Consternation.
Russian Reoccupation
of Moukden Causes
Will Accomplish
More Than His
Predecessor.
Salvationists Hold Fu
neral Services in
New York.
CHINA MAKES
APPEALS FOR
ASSISTANCE
HONOR MEMORY
OF DEAD CONSUL
REAR ADMIRAL BOWLES' SUCCESSOR
AN ABLE OFFICER AND IS POPULAR
THE^ SAN FBANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, NOVEMBER 2, 1903.
3
AMTJSEMESrTS.
—JOVIAL VAUDEVILLE! —
"Village Choir" Quartette; Max Wal-
don; Olivette; The Two Roses; Mc-
Watters and Tyson; Goleman's
Dogs and Cats; Three Richards;
Crawford and Manning and We-
nona and Frank.
Reserved Seats 25e!Baleony 10c
Box Scats and Opera Chairs 50c
ELECTION RETURNS TO-MORROW NIGHT!
irALIFQRNIft
V I GRAND RALLY ifl
TO-K!Q3IT^—
REPUBLICANS!
DEMOCRATS !
UNION LABOR!
The Celebrated Minstrel End Man
....BILLY VAN....
T.-t Will Dlscurs the Issues of I __ _
the Local Campaign. In™
helatrjUi
XO CONCERT TO-NIGHT.
ELLERY'S
ROYAL ITALIAN
BAND
With the Great CHIAFFARELLI.
Ever}' Night From To-Morrow, Tuesday, Until
Sunday Inclusive.
MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
Popular Prices, $1, 75c, 50c ffigXaot
BOX OFFICE. SHERMAN. CLAT & CO.
To-morrow being a legal holiday, seats will
be on sale at Alhambra Theater.
AT 4~* A T A T% Belasco & Mayer,
ALCAZAR E pr r^e
General Manager.
"The Alcazar Xi Flaying- In Iinck With
Its Hew People." — Examiner.
TO-HTIOHT— THIS WEEK 0WI.T.
One of the Funniest Comadies Ever Written.
TOO MUCH
JOHNSON.
By William Gillette.
Evgs., 25c to 75c; Mat. Sat. & Sun., 15c to 50c
NEXT MONDAY — The Famous Farcical Com-
edy That Won't Wear Out,
THE PRIVATE SECRETARY.
Bclasco & Mayer, Proprietors.
Market St., near Eighth. Phone South 533.
ELECTION RETURNS READ FROM STAGE
TO-MORROW NIGHT!
TO-NIGHT—ALL THIS WEEK.
MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
The Magfniflcent Comedy Drama
"AT VALLEY FORGE."
Thrilling Story of Patriotism and Love!
PDIPFS Evenings 10c to 50c
IfllLLJ Matinees 10c, 15c, 25c
Next Week — By universal demand — Thou-
sands unable to obtain seats — L. R. STOCK-
AVELL'S mammoth production of
"UNCLE TOM'S CABIST."
POLITICAL.
Last Night of the Campaign
GREAT RALLY FOR
EUGENE E. SCHMITZ and the
UNION LABOR PARTY TICKET
At Alhambra Theater, Monday
Evening, Nov. 2
EHepy's Famous Italian Concert Band
of Fifty Pieces in Grand Concert
MONSTER BAND OF 350
of San Francisco's best musicians in an unprecedented volunteer testimonial
to the President of the .Musicians' Union, Hon. E. E. Schmitz. Concert becins
at 7 p. m. The Mayor and many other eminent speakers will address
The Greatest Political Demonstration of the Campaign
Seats reserved for ladies and escorts. Everybody welcome.
Fop Equal Rights to All
laa^^SfjM^^Bf^^^^TOIft flflc] Schilling's Best
ifl P^ fa fjlfal jff EbJI *'* baVinepowrftr tpe-j
Hi VI Pi f?$% Rl jGs Jl**^gj cot[e * flavoring extract! soda
f j^S^^QSS^S^^^IISB^* them ? Money back.
C R A ND 8SS§£
TO-NIGHT at 8 O'CIock.
Matinees WoJ. and Sat. Each Week.
XO Sl"NDAT PERFORMANCES.
Curtain Rises Evening* at 3 O'clock Precisely.
Matinees at 2. Late-Comers Not Seated
Until Aft*r Prelude. . .
KLAW & ERLANGER'S
Stupendous Production of General Wallace's
BEN HUR
350 — Persons in Production— 35O
No Seats Ltii Asids. No Telephoas Orttri T»ksa.
PRICES— «2. $1 50. $1. 73c and 50c
AH Seats Reserved. General Admission. II.
Out ot town mall ord»r» with remittance*
filled In order received. Seats now seltiaff.
...TO-NIGHT...
THE MSBBT STUSICAI. T A2TTAST,
Direct from a 3 Months' F.ua at ChlcagOk
THE y
STORKS
Presented by the best singing organization oa
tour, including the
Famous Roaebnd Garden of Olrla.
EVEBT S<UrO A KUMMXB.
MATINEE SATURDAY.
TIVOLISS5&
NOTE— Performances begin at 3 sharp. Sat-
urday Matinee at 2 sharp.
~,l . TO-WXGHT
Wednesday. Friday and Saturday Nights.
Donizetti's Splendid Opera,
"LA FAVOR ITA"
Tuesday. Thursday and Sunday Nights, Satur-
day Matinee,
(By Special Request)
The Great Double Bill.
MASCAGNI'S MASTERPIECE
"CAVALLBRIA RUSTICANA"
And Leoncavallo's Lyric Drama.
" I'PAGLIACCI."
PRICES AS USUAL— 25c. BOc. 75c
Telephone Bush 9.
XO- B THB
NIGHT'S I NIGHT.
First Production Hereof
| RUBES and ROSES
An Incomparable, a Popular, an Unequaled
Rural Musical Comedy. Scenic and Costume
Equipment Complete in Every Detail.
Our "All Star" Cast. Including Kolb and
Dill. Barney Bernard. WInfield Blake. Maude
Amber, Georgia Ramey. First Appearance.
Ben T. Dilllon. First Appearance.
RESERVED SEATS — Nights. 23c. 5Oc and
75c. Saturday and Sunday Matinees. 23c and
60c. Children at Matinees. 10c and 23c.
LEW WEL1S,
WOBLO and KXXQSTOar
AND A GREAT SHQW EVERY AFTERNOON
AND EVENING IN THE THEATER.
DON'T FAIL TO SEE
THE COLORED BABY
In the INFANT INCUEATOR.
Lion Slaying- Baboon In t&« Zoo.
LOTS OP FUN IN THE PENNY ARCAO1
Election Return* To-Mexrow Slffbt.
ADMISSION. 10c: CHILDREX. ta.
When Phoning Ask for 'Thm CJuitaa,*" '.
DOAN'S KIDNEY PILLS.
A LONG-FELT WANT.
Zt Is Supplied, at Last In San Francisco.
Good-natured people are often Irri-
table.
If you knew the reason you would not
be surprised.
Ever have Itching piles?
Xot sick enough to go to bed, not jrell
enough to be content?
Tho constant itching sensation,
Hard to bear, harder to get relief,
Spoils your temper,, nearly drives you
crazy.
Isn't relief and cure a long-felt want?
You can have relief and cure if you
will follow the advice of a local citizen.
E. J. Thayer, carpenter, of 438 Eliza-
beth street, says: "I had itching hem-
orrhoids, commonly called piles, for
years. The attacks were perhaps not so
bad as those some people describe, but
they were sufficiently irritating and last-
ed long enough to cause me far too much
annoyance to be pleasant. Doan's Oint-
ment stopped the last attacki I can
confidently recommend its use."
For sale by all dealers. Price 50 cents.
Foster-Milburn Co., Buffalo,* X. Y., sole
agents. for the United States.
Remember the name, Doan's, and take
no substitute. : ".
SOhEMiAU
Pare, Pale and Sparkling. Bottled
Only at the Brewery in St. Louis.
v SOLO EVERYWHERE.
HILUKRT MERCANTILE CO..
Pacific Coait Agents.
PfltofP DON'T FAIL TO
¦taiaWW see the beautiful
* COURT Lounging
/Ifln room* the EMPIRE
dllU PARLOR, the
r» j PALM ROOM, the
ITf/lfifl LOUIS XV PAR-
ui uim LOR< and the LA _
U i. \L DIES' WRITING
.CUTLLEFW
Weak Men and Women
SHOULD USE DAMIANA BITTERS, THE
Great Mexican Remedy: crlves health and
strength to sexual organs. Depot, 323 Market.
A Suit to Your Measure $ 15
This is the third of a series of advertisements which enu-
merate the advantages to be gained in having us make your
clothes.
Last week 'we showed you how we could save you $5 or
$10 on a suit. We told how we bought the cloth direct from
the mills, made hundreds of suits a week and sold them at a
fair profit. We told about our system of measuring, whereby
we give a good fit almost every time. Of course we make an-
other suit for you if the first doesn't fit.
Now we call your attention to our method of cutting. We
employ experienced men. The garments are liberally cut —
there is no piecing in our clothes. Every suit is carefully cut.
We make suits from $10 to $35- You should see the ele-
gant line we are showing for $15- Come in to-day.
Suits satisfactorily made to order for out-of-town customers
through our self-measuring sys tern. Write for blank and samples.
740 Market Street and Corner Powell and Eddy Streets., MRS. ANNIE WILSON, WHO WAS STRANGLED. KICKED AND
BBATKN IX HER HOME ON CAPP STREET AND WHOSE BODtf
WAS DISCOVERED AT LANDING OF STAIRS BY HER SON.
Captain Anderson, Sergeant Blank and
Officers Foley, Daly and Harrison were
quickly on the scene. After them came
Detectives Fitzgerald, Graham, Dlnan,
Wren. McMahon. Gibson and O'Dea. A
search of the premises was made and the
body was sent to the Morgue. Every ¦
trunk, bureau drawer and closet in the
house had been ransacked and their con
tents scattered over the floor. . -
Nothing had been seen or heard of the
former lodger for several days. Yester
day morning Mrs. Wilson's son left the
house about 10 o'clock, and at that time
both his mother and adopted sister were
in good spirits. When he returned last
night the place was locked and he was
obliged to climb in through a second
story window. After lighting a match at
the head of the stairway he made the
ghastly discovery of the body, and rushed
out to find the, police. Soon afterward
he found his adopted sister wandering
about in front of the house. The little
girl said she had left her foster-mother
some time early in the afternoon, and
that she had come back later and could
not get in. Schmidt was not' in the house
when she left.-
The detectives agreed to wait until
Schmidt returned to the house again, as
he had been residing elsewhere since the
grocery robbery. This was on Saturday.
The woman was asked If she was afraid
of the man and protection was offered
her. but she replied that as long as he
came In the day time she could handle
him alone. She admitted- that he had
threatened ner life, but made little of the
matter.
REFUSED PROTECTION.
Mrs. Wilson had made inquiry previous
to this and claimed to have ascertained
that the man she was about to marry did
not work. Then she decided to call off
the nuptials. After being bothered by the
forsaken lover for the return of the wed
ding garments, which she seemed deter
mined to keep, she notified the police and
Detectives Graham and Fitzgtrald were
detailed on the case. After an investiga
tion they were also convinced that the
watch gl\-en the woman had been stolen
and also laid the crime in the grocery to
Schmidt.
agreed to liquidate the- debt and said he
would have the money on tne morrow.
That night Meehan's "grocery store,
across the street, .was robbed and a gold
watch and $31 in coin taken. Schmidt was
the last person seen loitering about the
place and his affianced -wife's suspicion^
were Again aroused. She convinced her
self that he was a thief, when, on the fol
lowing day, he handed $10 to the Mission
street woman.
Constable 'Accuses a Supervisor.
NAPA, Nov. L— Matthew Vandeleur. a*
Supervisor, was arrested a few days ago
on a warrant 6worn to by Constable Jack
son, charging him. with battery. Vande
leur was taken before Justice Johnson,
entered a plea of not guilty and demand
ed a Jury trial. Jackson contends that
the attack on him was without provoca
tion and he will prosecute the cast vig
orously. • ; =-^« ¦.-!¦•»¦ •;¦:¦>'.':
SALT LAKE, Nov. 1.— Word was sent
out through the regular channels this af
ternpon and evening to Mormon voters
that Senator Thomas Kearns' municipal
ticket must be defeated next Tuesday in
order to oust him from control of the
Republican party machinery and encom
pass his defeat for re-election next year,
If possible. As the Mormons will have
the assistance of a large Gentile element
opposed to Kearns, the outlook now is
that the move will be successful. Sena
tor Kearns won his fight at the primaries
and in convention and nominated his can
didate, Frank Knox, a banker. The object
Is to secure control of the city patronage
to help carry the primaries next fall when,
Legislative candidates will be chosen.
The Democratic candidate Is R. P. Mor
ris, a liberal Mormon.
Mormon Voters at Salt Lake Combine
. tp Defeat Senator's Ticket.
WILL OPPOSE KEARNS.
BALTIMORE, Md.. Nov. 1.— This was a
day of absolute rest for the campaign
leaders on both sides and the various
candidates. The campaign headquarters
were tightly closed and there was not a
conference of any sort by tne managers.
Such of the State candidates and leaders,
the latter including Senator Gorman, as
live near Baltimore, spent Sunday in the
quietude of their country homes. There
were no campaign developments.: The
feeling among voters generally throughout
Maryland and in Baltimore City continues
to be one of doubt as to the outcome of
next Tuesday's election. *
Maryland Election in Doubt.
the JJaywood boys and took careful aim
before he fired. Baumann has been ar
rested on a charge of murder. An inquest
will be held to-morrow. ' ~ s
Death Calls Southern Resident.
SANTA BARBARA. Nov. 1.— James H.
. Louderman of St. Louis died Jn this city
this morning at the home of his father.
John Louderman. The direct cause of his
•death wia Blight's disease. The Louder
mans have resided In Santa Barbara for
'• Eereral years.
While this pathetic scene was being
enacted, the mother asked John LJoyd,
with whom she had Uft the child, to enter
the tent and bring her the child's clothes,
that she might finish dressing it. Uoyd
says that as he entered the tent he heard
Carter rush toward the woman, end heard
her command him to stand back or she
would open fire. Carter continued going
toward her, evidently with the purpose
of securing the weapon to carry out the
threat, and when about ten feet distant
she fired, bringing him to th« ground with
a serious wound.
SEATTLE, Nov. 1.— City Detective Lane
finds that twenty-five cases of dynamite,
which, owing to its age, had become so
highly explosive that It could not be han
dled, were buried by the Government on
the military reservation eleven months
ago. is now missing. Wagon tracks, made
only a few weeks ago, show the stuff was
hauled away In the direction of Seattle.
It is more than probable that some of
this dynamite was placed In the basement
of the interurban depot a few days ago
with fuses attached.
failed to find him. Carter returned about
daylight this morning, and learning that
his wife was out looking for him with a
gun, made light of the matter and went
to bed. Mrs. Carter arrived at their home
at 10 o'clock this morning and the couple
renewed their auarrel. Mrs. Carter or
dered her husband to take his clothes and
leave. He agreed, but first asked to kiss
the baby sood-by. The angered woman
stepped back, gun In hand, leaving the
frightened little one" standing alone in the
shade of the oaks, that he might ap
proach it as he desired, while she kept
him covered.
CASES OF DYNAMITE
ABE MYSTERIOUSLY STOLEN
Ohio State Executive Committee Pre
dicts Sweeping Eepublican Victory.
•. COLT'MBfS. Ohio, Nov. 1.— Chairman
.Dick of the Republican Stat« Executive
'•_ Committee to-night issued the following
"Ftaitement: m
•'. Kftimatlr.K upon careful reports received
from county organization*, the Ohio Republl
*ran State Executive Committee feel* Justified
,in the prediction that the rftnrnB on Tuesday
w-ill fhow a total vote for all parties aKgreeai
-jn* &0O.O0O; that «"olonel Henick's plurality
•will exceed rather than fall below 100 <X*> and
tha-t the Legislature will be Republican in
both branches, with Senator Hanna's re-elec
• tfon assured by a majority of sixty on Joint
* b&ilot.
RE-ELECTION SURE.
LONDON, Nov. 1.— The magnetic
storm which prevailed yesterday has now
vanished wholly.
Sir Oliver Lodge, the distinguished
electrician, who Is president of the Uni
versity of Birmingham, said in an inter
view that there axe evident signs-of great
eruptions going on In the sun. There are
very large sun spots now and surround
ing each there is indication that masses
of gas, calcium and hydrogen and other
vapors have been thrown up and have
spread over the area.
Sir Norman Lockyer, the astronomer,
says that the phenomenon was predicted
ten years ago and that It would be no
ticed again for the next twelve years,
probably disturbing the telegraph sys
tems.
Special Cable to The Call and New York
• Herald. Copyright. 1903. by the New York
Herald Publishing- Company.
BAKEHSFIELD, Nov. l.-The Santa Fe
is encountering unexpected opposition in
making its extension through the Sunset
oil fields. As a result, F. E. Henderson,
right of way agent for the company, is
now In the city endeavoring to compro
mise matters with those who are opposing
the railroad's plans.
When the line was proposed, nearly all
the operators in the field welcomed the
extension and aided it in every way, but
trouble is said to have been encountered
with the Superior and Sunset Coast com
panies, across whose properties it was
surveyed. These have refused to grant
the right of way asked for. The reason
for the opposition is said to rest in cor
porations that are building the opposition
pipe line to connect with the present ter
minus of the railroad with the various
properties of the Sunset and Midway
iields. By extending Its line the railroad
will interfere with their business. As the
promoters have great influence and own
and lease to their present operators many
of the properties in the field, it is thought
that they are behind the new opposition.
About a year ago Messrs. Jewett &
Blodget organized the Consolidated Cali
fornia Oilfields Company under the laws
of Maine, with a capitalization of $4,000,000,
backed by French and English capital,
and the pipe line, to cover practically all
the Sunset and Midway fields for a dis
tance of about ten miles, was one of their
chief plans. Their enterprise was encour
aged in every possible way by the oper
ators, who have long been handicapped by
the almost total lack of transportation
facilities existing, In the district. Rights
of way were freely granted and • some
months ago the trench was dug, and now
the pipe is beginning to arrive at Sunset.
Special Dispatch to Th« Call,
Great Eruptions Said
to Be Disturbing
Old Sol.
Do Not Support Lane.
. The following cnmmunicatlcn Is prlf
,'explanatory and nails another campaign
'< anard:
•- Editor Call: In a tnorninK paper of to-day
t ther* app^red. among others the name* of
.1. J. Murphy. < lnvator operator; G. P. James.
t.lrvator operator; o Walr-s. elevator operator;
Poote, elrvator oi>erator; A. Bottern,
Vlevator operator; purporting to W men be-
Jonpinj to unions affiliated with the Buildin?
Trndr-9 <V>unrtl. who had signed a pledge to
•further the candidacy r>f Lane.
r. the underrfKne.l. having the honor of b*>injr
presiding officer of Elevator <">p«»rator«' Union
iNo 10,324. do hereby certify that there are no
Fuch names on the membership roll of our
.union; and h«nre. if the (tirnaturf-s are g;enu
.tn<\ the operator* who claim them mupt be
•.non-union men. J. W. MURPHY.
PV-sid<nt Elevator Operators' Union.
Fan Francisco. November 1. 1903.
Kern County Oil Men
Fight Against the
Santa Pe.
French !s the language of more than a
million of the three and a half million of
Canadians.
The shooting followed a family quarrel
and an all-night search of Carter by his
wife, who carried a shotgun. Carter,
who was employed on a new sanitarium
now In course of erection, went to a dance
Saturday night, leaving his wife at home
with her. babe. Mrs. Carter waited until
10 o'clock Saturday night for her husband
to return home, and then left her child
with a caller, took a shotgun and went in
search of him. She went* to Arcadia and
to several places near ' Monrovia, but
LOS ANGELES, Nov. L-A. F. Carter
was brought to the County Hospital in this
city to-day from Monrovia, a small town
eighteen miles east of here, suffering from
a gunshot wound which nad mutilated
his left leff. The shot was fired by his
wife, who claims to have acted In eelf
defense. She was brought to Los Angeles
and lodged In Jail. Carter's condition is
serious. .
Southern California "Woman Claims
to Have Used Weapon in
Self -Defense. ,
WIPE SHOOTS HUSBAND
AFTER FAMILY QUARREL
At Opitz's saloon the detectives learned
from Mrs. Opitz that Schmidt had been
there about 3 o'clock in the afternoon
and that he appeared very excited. It Is
thought that the crime was committed
just before or after this hour. He took
a drink and went away. At 8 o'clock in
the evening he came again and inquired
for Caspar Wolb. When the latter came
in the two had some conversation in an
undertone and Schmidt went away. Now
the city Is being searched for the suspect
ed murderer.
About 9 o'clock last evening Caspar
Wolb, a cooper, who Is also a roomer in
the Wilson house, appeared at the place
In an intoxicated condition and said that
he had left Schmidt in Opitz's saloon, at
the corner of Eighteenth and Shotwell
streets, but an hour before. Wolb said
Schmidt appeared in an excited condition
and intimated that he was coming after
his clothing: and that he would do some
thing more than take them away. This
statement was Interpreted by Wolb as
meaning harm to the woman and he says
he hastened home to warn her, though
he took an hour to travel but a few
blocks. Wolb's statement was considered
very unsatisfactory and he was sent to
the Seventeenth-street station, where he
is detained.
He may have also been In Quest of
money, as a neighbor's child, on passing
the house last Wednesday, heard the two
quarreling and heard Schmidt insist on
receiving money and say that tf Mrs.
Wilson would give it to him he would let
her alone. The woman pleaded poverty,
but Schmidt would not. accept, her an
swer.
. When the detectives had gathered all
the evidence that could be procured at the
scene of the crime, they came to the con
clusion that Schmidt had visited the house
and. out of revenge, became a murderer.
Just what he was searching for is a mys
tery, but it may have been that he sought
the watch Mrs. Wilson had turned over to
the police.
ONE ABREST MADE.
Among a heap of clothes and boxes that
had been dragged out of one closet was
found the wedding garments, slashed to
threads. Whether the woman did this
that Schmidt could never make use of
them again, or whether It was the act of
the murderer has not yet been ascer
tained. The garments that were worn
by the murdered woman at the time* she
was killed .were also found, torn and tat
tered, as they were dragged Jrom her
body. There were ringer marks about the
throat, a bruise on the chin that possibly
came from a severe kick, and contusions
of the body. It is probable that death
was due to strangulation.
TELL.URI.DE. Colo.. Nov. l.— One hun
dred miners employed at the Tomboy
mines have struck, pursuant to an order
Issued by the Miners' Union. The strike
was called for the purpose of preventing
the resumption of operations at the Tom
boy mill with non-union men on a twelve
hour scale. Out of 500 stamps In San Mi
guel County only fifty— those at the Silver
Bell mill— are in operation.
Miners Obey 'Strike Order.
George H. Bahrs Speaks His Mind
on Subject.
• In reference to the poll tax, George H.
Bahrs, Republican nominee for Assessor,
in .an Interview said:
In the event of my election I shall <\n my
.uimnst to brinsr about the re:>«al <",f the poll
lux law. Tb«» amount reajizr-d from this tax
is paid almost entirely by the working classes
iiB'l it« collection ¦works haidship and oppres
sion uprjn thfm.
. A direct tax upon the individual 1? nrr.ox
iouF to American Ideas tit taxation, tr^raus**
;»f the rx^r anil thp working clashes are by
*«r tb« larc*-t?t In numhr, su< h a tax falls
>i«-aviHst ui>on them who arc !<>£st able to ray.
. I l>ave heard of many in?ULn<-e* wh<>n» In re
rent years th*- Aamtumor <ilsiraiti«Mi the amount
at the iiool tax from x*>ot laborers who had
rmly three or fiur dollars cemlrnc and no
pwwpecU of work.
Thin seem* tn nv> ti Favor of barbarism. I
-am. xhTftorf. In favor of thp repeal of th»
|"2!1 tax law, and I p!«*3s* mysHf tn thr (rent
**f my election tu uw my b»>Ft and unremittant
crf'.rt* to attain that result.
AGAINST POLL TAX.
PORTLAND. Or., Nov. 1.— A fire at
East Portland to-nljjht destroyed the
plant of the Standard Box Company, to
gether with a large quantity of lumber.
Fortunately there was little wind and the
firemen succeeded in confining the con
flagration within the limits of the Stan
dard Company's property. Grattan &
Woodbeck. the chief owners of the plant,
estimate their loss above IW.OOO. with inv
surance of $11,000.
Fierce Fire in East Portland.
PORTLAND, Or., Nov. L— Adolph Burk
hardt, a 16-year-old boy, was (shot and
killed by Samuel Baumann last night a
few miles outside the city limits. Bau
mann says that he fired a 'random shot
into the darkness to scare away boys who
fired at his house, and the boy's compan
ion says that Baumann, who Is a rancher,
fired deliberately at his victim.
It seems that bad feeling exists be
tween Baumann and the sons of A. Hay
wood, a neighboring rancher. Burkhardt
and Harry F\iller, his companion, were
walking along the road celebrating the
occasion of Halloween by discharging a
revolver, , and from here the stories of
Baumann and Fuller vary. Baumann
says tbe boys were firing at his house and
also at pome cattle he had in a field, and
that he fired a rifle into the air to frighten
the unknown marauders away. Fuller
says that it was only dusk and tbat Bau
mann mistook himself and Burkhardt for
Stories of an Qregon Shooting Con
flict, but One Man Is
Arrested.
RANCHER OPENS FIRE
AND A BOY IS TrTT.T/fl-n
Soon after this a woman who resides on
Mission street called and inquired for
Schmidt. Mrs. Wilson, being curious.
asked the woman's business. The latter
replied that the man had borrowed $10
from her and she was about to demand its
return. When told that her debtor was
absent from the house she said she would
return on the following day, and Mrs.
Wilson, that night, demanded .that
Schmidt meet his alleged creditor. The
meeting occurred, but Schmidt refused to
pay the woman and a dispute ensued,
which seems to have been the first open
rupture between the betrothed couple.
To quell all disturbance the lodger finally
GROCERY STORE ROBBED.
Schmidt is known as "Pistol Jack." H«
was a non-union man during the team
sters* strike and shot a man, though he
did not kill him. He is also suspected of
being a burglar.
Mrs. Wilson's husband died about a
year ago. She then rented two of the
rooms in her house as a means of gaining
a livelihood, and several months ago
Schmidt took one of them. There was a
courtship and the two agreed to be mar
ried. At the time of the engagement he
presented her with an open face Waltham
watch on which were inscribed the letters
"A. K." The strange initials puzzled the
lady, but her lover explained that the
watch had been given to him by some one
at the Pacific Mail dock, where he claimed
all the time to be employed. Then he
gave her the wedding garments. They
were not costly, but, nevertheless, were
acceptable. The wedding was set for
Thanksgiving day.
Mrs. Wilson went, to the Mail dock and
ascertained that Schmidt had never been
employed there. Then her suspicions be
came aroused.
There tteems to be little doubt as to
the guilt of the accused and 'seven detec
tives spent the- nigrht in searching for him.
He threatened his betrothed when she
broke the engagement and she was afraid
of him. Just before the crime is supposed
to have been committed he appeared at
a neighboring saloon In an excited condi
tion, took a drink and departed. Five
hours later and after the tragedy had
been discovered, he returned to the same
drinking house and asked to see a man
who roomed in the murdered woman's
house. The two had a conversation
which is very incriminating and the po
lice have locked the lodger up, believing
that he knows more than he is willing to
tell.
Suspicion points to . Charles ' George
Schmidt, a laborer, whom the dead wom
an was to marry, but whom she renounc
ed when she learned of his evil past.
Wedding garments he had presented her
with were found ripped to pieces with a
knife. The garments she wore when at
tacked were found torn to shreds, giving
evidence of a frightful struggle.
SEARCHING FOR SCHMIDT.
The body was discovered by Ambrose
Wilson, the 16-year-old son of the wom
an, who, returning from across the bay
about 7 o'clock In the evening, found the
door locked and climbed through a win
dow. A three-year-old adopted daugh
ter was with Mrs. Wilson until early in
the afternoon, and also being unable to
enter the house, wandered about for sev
eral hours. . The baby .Is unable to throw
any light on the affair.
yesterday afternoon. Her body.
In a nude condition, was found at the
head of a stairway, the marks of a
strangler wye on the throat and there
were contusions, as from kicks, on the
body. The house was in a. disordered
condition, every drawer having been ran
sacked by the murderer, either before or
after his horrible deed.
nRS. ANNIE WILSON, a widow
about 40 years of age, who re-,
sided at 5 Capp street, was
brutally murdered in her home
JOSEPH, Or.. Nov. 1.— Early this morn-
Ing James McComb, a miner, shot t^puty
Marshal Walter Smith through the lunss
and also wounded L. C. Finn, a bystand
er. McComb had been drinking and was
creating a disturbance on the street, when
Deputy Marshals Smith and Floyd met
him. They ordered him to go home, and
McComb became abusive, but finally
started to move away. After h« had
walked a few paces he wheeled, drew his
gun and began shooting.
Smith is severely wounded and Is not
expected to live. Finn's wound is not se
rious, being in the fleshy part of the
thigh. McComb is in jail here.
Oregon Miner Fatally Wounds Officer
and Injures an Unoffending
Citizen.
DRUNKEN MAN SHOOTS
DEPUTY AND BYSTANDER
RAILWAY PLANS
ARE OPPOSED
The relatives of Mrs. York scout the
theory that York committed suicide or
that he was intoxicated when he met his
death. They claim that tncre 's some
thing mysterious in the death of York
and will ask Coroner Sawyer of San Ra
fael to make a riierid investigation.
The news of York's death will be given
to his wife this morning by her relatives.
Mrs. E. Chalmers, landlady of the house
where York and his wife resided, said last
night that York bade his wife grod-by on
Saturday morning' and had promised to.
return fit 4:30 p. m. to take her to dinner.
When York failed to return his wife sent
for some of her relatives and she was in
a state bordering on hysteria all day yes
terday, owing to the unexplained absence
of her husband.
York was dragged by the rear car for
some distance before the train could be
stopped. When the cars came to a stand
still the train men found that York's body
had been fearfully mangled, and he was
d<=ad when taken from beneath the
wheels. Coroner Sawyer was notified and
the remains were removed to the Morgue.
The only clew to Ihe identification of
York was a Masonic badge found near
the scene of his death many hours after
ward. The badge bore the inscription,
"Mount Moriah. F. and A. M.. and Naval
fommandpry. Vallejo," with tho name
"ttriliam York. "
An officer of the North Shore Railroad
visltpd this city last evening and located
«'harlep Stroth. 1<>)5 Q^ary street, the com
mander of Mount Moriah Iyjdgo.
Mrs. York was In ignorance of her hus
band"p death and her relatives and friends
refused la«=t evening to allow ihe dread
news to be broken to her.
Brnkeman Charles Axtell said yesterday
that he prevented York from leaving the
train while it was in motion near Corte
Madera tunnel, but after leaving Waldo
Point station Axtell. who was in the rear
car. saw York go out by the front door
onto the platform. Axtell ran toward
York, but before he could reach him York
had .lumped from the train.
On Saturday morning last York left his
wife to go to Sausalito. He had been In
the habit of visiting the pool rooms, but
he was not known to gamble to any ex
tent. His relatives and friends state that
he was not addicted to drinking.
Whether York's death was due to acci
dent or suicide is still in doubt. On Sat
urday night the train leaving San Rafael
for Sausalito had but few passengers on
board, as it did not connect with a ferry
boat for J-an Francisco. York boarded
the train at San Rafael and he stated to
the train crew that he intended remaining
in Fausallto over ntoht.
According to the statements of the train
crew. York tried to leave the train sev
eral times while it was in motion, but he
was prevented from doing so by the train
men. as they claim he was Intoxicated.
William York, 61 years of age, and who
resided with his wife at 322 Turk street.
was killed late Saturday night by being
run over by an electric train of the North
Shore Railroad near Waldo Point.
York worked for a number of years In
the storehouse at the Mare Island Navy
Yard and recently retired on a pension.
His wife, to whom he had been married
for thirty years, was possessed of a small
income and the couple were devoted to
each other.
Immediately after the wedding young
Klock and his bride started on their
Western tour, which was not the peace
ful trip that th.* couple had anticipated.
In that their friends in the East, especially
"those of the happy groom, have constant
ly annoyed them by tri<ks. which have
tended to make public the fact that they
wre en their honeymoon.
.¦ Since their arrival in the city, where
many of Klock's former college chums
now reside and where he would probaMy
•.have received a warm welcome by them
had he deigned to make his presence
known, the young man and his Iride have
«pent the greater part of tneir time quiet
ly seeing- the sijrhts of trip Wer.tern me
tropolis and making no effort to announce
to their acquaintances here that tb^y had
arrived. Mr. and Mrs. Klock expect to
remain here several days Iorigrer an<l will
then return to Syracuse, where they will
make their future home.
But Maynarii's elop^mont hap nothing to
do with your.g Klock's presence in this
rity at this particular time. On the con
trary he is here on his bridal tour, his
¦wadding having been celebrated in an
.elaborate manner in New York three
•week* ago.
! His pretty bride was Miss Mamie Clay
Tenny, daughter of Mr. and Mrs. Frank
P. Tenny, prominent in the social set of
New York «71iy, and standing bravely by
the side of tbe gToom as his "best man'"
•was none other than Frank Maynard.
who, with a desire of returning a favor
commensurate with the one conferred on
him twelve months before by Klock. had
pleaded to be made one of th? wedding
party. A dozen others, who had been
.chums of Klork and Maynard at Yale.
•and had assisted in the Iatter's hurried
nuptials, were ushers at Klock's wdding
and made merry at the reception that fol
lowed.
• Few who have ccanned the register of
th<» Palace Hotel during the last three
days have recognized in the signature of
Mabie Crouse Klock of Syracuse, boldly
inscribed on one of the pages, the name
of a your.g man who Is widely known
in the Knickerbocker State, and
who, tut a few months ago, figured in an
elopement that was given considerable
prominence in the Eastern papers.
Mabie Crouse Klock did not elope, but
he wa* mentioned as the friend of Frank
Maynard of Cleveland. Ohio, a student of
Ysle. who startled Eastern society by his
¦runaway match with a prominent young
mits of that section of th*> country. May
.rard forsook college duties for the great
er responsibilities of matrimonial life and
in doing so incurred the wrath of his par
ents. It was while txploiting these facts
that it was developed that Mabie Crouse
Kl<">ck. a son of one of the wealthy resi
•d^nts of Syracuse, had acted as general
menagr-r and financier nf Maynard's
elopement, rimply to oblige the last
¦named, who was his intimate chum.
IMMENSE SPOTS
SPECK THE SUN
BILBAO, Nov. 1.— Never in the history
of Bilbao haa there been a strike of such
consequences to the Iron workers of
Spain as that which terminated to-day.
The miners will no longer be . compelled
to live cooped up In the barracks provided
by the mining companies, and they will
no longer be forced to purchase food from
the company stores, which has been often
declared unfit to eat. Instead of being
paid by the month, they will hereafter
be paid every week. They have been re
fused, however, the right to organize.
and.it is believed this refusal will lead to
trouble In the future. According to
statements made by the miners to the
Associated Press and confirmed by their
counsel, they have heretofore lived in de
plorable conditions.
In the mines outside of Bilbao the men
were herded into crowded and squalid
barracks. The food sold them at the com
pany stores was sometimes bad. but, a3
they were paid by the month, it was al
most impossible for them to purchase
elsewhere. The miners were attracted by
the propaganda of Socialists and an
archists, and they determined to strike
unless their demands for better living
conditions were granted. The strike af
fected 35,000 men. There was not a. suf
ficiency of bread in Bilbao, and the min
ers who poured into the town entered
stores and demanded food. On Wednes
day of last week Field Marshal Her
nandez saw that strong measures were
; necessary and he ordered the soldiers to
disperse the strikers. Some of the strik
ers poured petroleum on the Church of
the Jesuits in Bilbao and then applied
the torch, but the troops extinguished the
fire.
Reinforced by cavalry, the troops suc
ceeded in driving the strikers over the
San Antonio bridge. The strikers, how
ever, erected barricades at the center of
the bridge and in front of a junction of
two streets. These barricades were com
posed of pieces of iron work from thu
bridge, overturned carts and barrels filled
with stones. The miners behind the first
barricade were armed with picks, shovels
and revolvers. The cavalry charged
across the bridge, but was unable to pass
the barricade. Troops were then sent to
the right and the left of the bridge to
flank the miners, and a second charge
was made. The bridge barricade was held
for some moments, but the men there
were soon forced to fail back to the sec
ond barricade. This the soldiers also
rendered untenable, and the miners re
treated up the streets, carrying with
them some of their wounded, among
whom were some women. It Js said offi
cially that four i>er8ons were killed and
twenty-one wounded during the fighting,
but more people were wounded than Is
given out officially.
When driven from the city the miners
endeavored to blow up the reservoir and
the electric light plant with dynamite.
The troops were too quick for them,
however, and gained possession of tne
dynamite factory before the strikers could
carry out their design. By this time there
were 10,000 inlantry, cavalry and artillery
men In the city, as well as three guns.
The arrival of Lieutenant General Zap
pine, commander in chief of the Basque
provinces, was followed by conferences
which resulted in a settlement. After
the miners were driven from the city
they pillaged nearby farmhouses and
held the countryside in consternation.
The strike was in no sense against the
Government.
CHICAGO. Nov. 1.— A woman's Hal
lowe'en crank early this morning; started
trouble which ended in the killing: of
George A. Alrle, chief of police at Mor
gan Park, by Mack Wiley, a young ne
gro. Mrs. Sayman. who is a sister of
Wiley, and three friends started out for
a lark. While they were overturning a
lumber pile, it Is said, the woman was
struck by Chief - * Police Atrie. The ne
groes went for reinforcements and upon
their return a second meeting with Airie
resulted in a fight in which Airle was
Btabbed in the necK by Wiley.
The news of the tragedy spread through
the suburbs and soon a crowd of several
hundred men and boys inarched to the
Morgan Park jail, where four of the ne
groes had been looked up. While the place
was surrounded by a mob clamoring for
vengeance, several shotguns being in evi
dence in the crowd. Wiley and his com
panions were placed between a number
of police, who had been summoned from
Harvey and other nearby suburbs, and a
dash was made for a carriage, that had
been sont for. A severe fight followed, in
which the negroes were severely cut and
bruised with sticks and stone?, but th<?
Officers finally managed to get the negroes
in the carriage and drove off under a
shower of bricks, stones and other mis
siles. The prisoners were taken to the
Englewood jail, where Wiley confessed to
having killed Airle.
Relatives Demand a Rigid
Investigation by the
Coroner.
Events in Which Society of
the East Showed Deep
Interest.
As Result of Agitation Con
dition of Men Is
Improved.
Citizens Try to Take Homicide
From Jail at Mor
gan Park.
Bridal Couple's Presence
at Palace Recalls an
Elopement.
William York Killed by
Car Near Waldo
Point.
Strike at Bilbao Ends
With Advantage to
Ironworkers.
Chicago Police Officer Is
Fatally Stabbed by
a Negro.
LOVE'S ROMANCE
PRECEDES THEM
MEETS DEATH
UNDER WHEELS
SPANISH MINERS
SCORE VICTORY
WOMAN'S PRANK
CAUSES MURDER
THE SAN FBANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, NOVEMBER 2, 1903.
Dead Body of Mrs. Annie Wilson Found Lying Where
Frenzied Strangler Left It and Police Search for
Charles Schmidt, Who, They Believe, Killed Her
WIDOW MURDERED AT HER RESIDENCE
AND DISMISSED FIANCE SUSPECTED
4
•
Eczema
. Salt Rheum, Ringworm, Itch,
Acne or other skin troubles,
promptly relieved and cured by
This scientific germicide, which
is harmless, cores by killing
dl5ease germs. Used and
endorsed by the medical
profession everywhere. Sold
by leading druggists. If not
at vours. send 25 cents for a
trial bottle. The genuine bears
my signature. Accept no
substitutes. Address
t ftr. ¦»¦*¦> .
Twrv fValnak! • nooklef on th* -
**"Urfitmfiit of diseases.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
THE DISEASE
OF CIVILIZATION IS
CONSTIPATION.
THE SAFEST AND QUICKEST
CURE FOR THIS EVIL IS
NATURE'S LAXATIVE WATER.
NOT AN ARTIFICIAL
PREPARATION.
RELIEF COMES WITH
THE FIRST GLASS.
ALWAYS ASK FOR •
HnnyadlJanos
(FULL NAME.)
IF YOU SIMPLY ASK FOR
HUNYADI WATER YOU MAY
BE IMPOSED UPON.
rfflfllTh Vim. Vigor. Vitality for Men.
4BJl^Bg^ MORMON BISHOP'S PILLd
feftfrfr.K* have been in use over flrty
fi^Nm years by th« leader* of t.T»
-SggXSjKggl Mormon Church and their
ESgBFftTjgRi followers. Positively cure th*
KTfiro^tTEjgf worst cases In r!d and your.j
¦K^JlVkQI arising from effects of «etf-
WK)I«V abuse, dlssloation. excesses or
Wg3i»ijMJfafB cigarette, smokin*- Cure Lost
YBBUbBj Manhood. Impotency. Lost
WsHHs^ Power Niznt Losses Insom-
nia, Pains In Back. Evfl Desires. Lame Back.
Nervous Debility. Headache. Unfltneas to Mar-
ry, Losa of Semen. — - VarJcocele or Con-
stipation. Stop Ner *^ fJ voua Twltchln* ot
Eyelids. Effects ar« J?Z^rm 'rom** 11 * 1 *- Impart
vlg-or and potency Cc«T9| O every (unction.
Don't get despondent, a cure is at hand. Re-
stor* small undeveloped organs. Stimulato
the brain and nerve centers; 5oc a box; tf for
$2 60 by mail. A written guarantee to cure or
money refunded with 6 boxes Circulars tree.
Address B13HOP REMEDY CO.. 40 'Ellis St.,
San Francisco. Cal. GRANT DRUG CO.. Si
and 40 Third st.
tilicfs
FAVORITE
SCRSPTiON
| R WEAK WOMEN,
RAD WAY'S READ V RELIEF hu stood
unrivaled beior* th« public for SO year* aa a
Pain Remedy. It Instantly reliaves and quickly
core* all Colds. Sors Throats. Influenaa, Bron-
chitis. Pneumonia, . Rheumatism. Neur»i#l«.
Headache. Toothaca* and all pala. Internal!*
tor Malaria and &U Bow.l Pates. AD draotaU.John McGinnls Informed Officer MItchel
at 1 o'clock yesterday morning that he
had been stood up and robbed of a gold
watch. McGInnls gave a good descrip
tion of the man he claimed had robbed
him. Mitchel arrested Peter J. Hanley,
a blacksmith, and the accuser identified
him as the person that robbed him. Han
ley was locked up in the Southern sta
tion on the charge of grand larceny.
Claims He Was Robbed.
Doukhobors Will Learn English.
VANCOUVER, B. C. Nov. 1.— A special
from Winnipeg says a party of thirteen
Doukhobors, including three unmarried
couples, from the villages of Petrofka and
Terpenia, Saskatchewan, arrived there to
day en route to Philadelphia, where they
go to learn English and to acquire skill
in industrial and domestic pursuits.
X pledge myself, people of San Fran
cisco, that if elected Z will give our mu
nicipality a rood, dean administration.
I will exert the best that is in me to do
good asd to do all Z caa for the welfare
and upbuilding 1 of our city. Prom the
moneys derived from the bond issues Z
¦hall try to see to it that we hare rood
schoolliou»es, a thorough ayitem of
sewers and better streets, and every
thing 1 else that will tend to make this
the greatest city on the continent.
HE2ISY J. CROCXES.
SEATTLE, Nov. 1.— Mack of Seattle
won the live bird championship of the
State at the Meadows to-day • with a
straight score of twenty birds. W. A.
Hardy of Seattle, Read of San Francisco
and H. T. Denham of Tacoma tied for
second place with a score of 13.
There were twenty-eight entries and be
sides the shooters mentioned the follow
ing got Inside the money: Second money-
Howe, Portland; Dlckson, San Francisco;
E. E. Ellis, Seattle; Farnsworth, Tacoma;
Halstead. Tacoma; Robertson, San Fran
cisco; Miller, Whatcom, and S. McDonald,
Harrington. These men tied with a score
of 17. Third money was divided between
Hollohan of Wallace, Idaho; Stevens.
Pomeroy; HUlls, Vancouver, B. C, and
Cooper of Whatcom. They all made a
score of 16.
Trapshooters in Competition.
LOS ANGELES, Nov. L— The Ascot
Park management has received informa
tion that Ed Corrigan's stable of horses
will be shipped from Chicago Monday to
Los Angeles. Among the number that
will be raced here, some twenty in all,
are Scintillant, McGee, Lemco and Har
gis. There are a number of two-year
olds in the string, also four jumpers.
C. E. Durnell's string, according to the
same telegram, was shipped from, Chl
[ cago to-day. It includes twelve horses,
'among them being Golden Rule, Nitrate,
Pat Hammon, Elwood. Sir Hugh, Mon
tanic. Fading Light, Charlie Granger and
probably Sidney C. Love and Scotch Plaid.
David Waldo's stable will be shipped
from Latonla at the close of the meeting
there.
Thoroughbreds Corning 1 West.
Closing Bay of the Picture Makers'
Convention Spent in Sport on
the Diamond.
The photographers wound np their con
vention yesterday with a game of baseball
at Recreation Park. Great ball was seen
on the professional diamond. The pho
tographers were pitted against the em
ployes of the photographic manufacturers
and stock dealers. Game was called at 10
o'clock and the struggle was a grand one,
as the score will bear out. No curved
balls were allowed and the hits were
many and scattered. The picture-makers
played like professionals and won by a
score of 21 to 17.
The following was tho line-up: Pho
tographers — Cohen, first base; R. Haber
nlcht; third base; Loomis, shortstop; G.
Habernlcht. pitcher; D. Mullender, sec
ond base; J. Guerin, catcher; Moore, right
field; Franklin, center field; O. Lussier,
left field. Dealers — Lang, pitcher; Moore,
third base; La Lours, shortstop: Kirk,
first base; Andrew, center field; Bur
leigh, second base; Lyle, catcher; Hanson,
right field; Robinson, left field.
PHOTOGRAPHERS INDTJXGE
IN" GAME OP BASEBALL
The record-breaking handicap singles
tennis tournament, which was commenced
on the park courts four weeks ago. was
completed yesterday. A large crowd was
In attendance and two of the three
matches played were worth going: far to
see. Clarence Griffin, the crack young
player from the park, carried off the
honors, beating Will Allen in the finals.
The winner's work is commendable, con
sidering the large entry list and the mark
from which he played.
The final match gave promise of being
the most interesting of the tournament,
but was marred to an extent in the third
set, when Allen was attacked by cramps.
At this stage of the game it was set all and
3-0 in Allen's favor. Allen obtained but
one more game In the third set, the score
being 6-4 in Griffin's favor. After a long
rest Allen resumed play and fought game
ly until the end. In the fourth set he led
at 5-2 and looked to have the set won.
He was unable, however, to get the one
game needed. The score was 6-2, 4-6,
6-4. 7-5.
Griffin played a clever game and his vic
tory was a popular one. Alien, the Cali
fornia Club man, showed his ability in
handicap play when he allowed Griffin
odds of "owe 15" and did as well under
the circumstances.
The semi-nnals were played in the
morning. In the opening match Herbert
Long of the California Club, with odds of
"3-16," lost to Griffin, who "owed 2-6."
Long played a splendid game in the
earlier rounds and was thought to have a
good chance to reach the finals. Griffin
led all the way and the outcome was
never In doubt. Long was extremely wild
and undoubtedly had an off day, while
the park man was at his best. The score
in Griffin's favor was 6-1, 6-3.
The other semi-final match was one of
the closest and most exciting seeen for
some time. The contestants were Will
Allen (owe 15 2-6) and George Janes
(scratch). Janes with the same handi
cap beat AlacGavln last Sunday and con
sequently was a slight favorite. He won
the first set, &-7, but it was anybody's set
up to the last point. The second set was
also close and was won by Allen. 6-4. The
third set brought out the great struggle.
First one was ahead and then the other,
until Allen finally won out. 9-7. The
match spoiled Allen's chances in the finals.
Giving Janes such a handicap and pulling
through by such a small margin was a
great strain and was undoubtedly the
cause of Allen's cramps. He has .never
been called upon to give such heavy odds
before.
The tournament was the most success
ful ever held on the public grounds. It
was so large that even with five courts
it took four Sundays to complete It.
Following are yesterday's scores:
Semi-finals — Clarence Griffin (owe 2-6)
beat Herbert Long (3-6), 6-1. 6-3; Will
Allen (owe 15 2-6) beat George 'Janes
(scratch), 7-9. 6-4, 9-7.
Finals— Griffin (owe 2-6) beat Allen (owe
15 2-6), 6-2, 4-6. 6-4, 7-5.
Barney Oldfield, the champion automo
bile racins man. will reach San Francisco
to-day from Denver. He has with him
two powerful racer3 constructed by the
"Winton Motor Car Company, and fully
expects to add new laurels to his already
brilliant reputation on the Ingleside track.
The parade of decorated and Illuminated
automobiles to be held in this city on
Thursday night begins at 8 o'clock. It Is
expected that more than a hundred ma
chines will take part In what will bo the
largest and most notable parade of motor
cars ever held to the west of Chicago.
Frank A. Garbutt, the well-known auto
mobile racing man of Southern Califor
nia, reached this city on Saturday. He
brought with him a new White steam
racing car and will take part in several
of the races to be held at Ingleside track
next Friday and Saturday under the man
agement of the Automobile Club of Cali
fornia. Garbutt is one of the most bril
liant automobile racing: men in this State,
having won many events at Los Angeles,
Del Monte and elsewhere.
Final Match With Allen Is
Marred by Latter's
Illness
Frank Garbutt, Who Repre
sents Southern Cali
fornia, Is Here.
Captures Big Handicap
Singles on the Park
Noted Motorist Will
Compete at iDgleside
on Next Friday.
BARNEY OLDFIELD
IS EN ROUTE WEST
TENNIS HONORS
GO TO GRIFFIN
Stuttering children are numerous In the
schools of Germany, and it is thought the
ailment ia contagious. .At present there
are 80,000 school children In that country
whose speech is thus • affected. '
OKLAHOMA CITY, Okla., Nov. 1.— The
first thirty-two courses for the American
Waterloo" cup, under the auspices of the
American Coursing Board, were run here
to-day. The field was heavy, owing to re
cent rains, but the sport shown, by the
greyhounds was of the highest class. The
winners . in the first round Included, the
majority of , the California dogs entered.
The winners:
. Spotlef s : Beauty. Texas Hoo-Hoo, Laughing
Water. Lady Allen, Confidence. Yours Truly.
Bill Dugan, . Lady Bright. Aunt Lucinda, Tex
as Emln, Kallspel, Sir Magic. Consort. Rec
tor, Roguish Eyes, Red Coat, Black Boy, Rosy
B, -Cloudburst, Celtic, Rubber Ankles, Patrick,
Grace Greenwood, Rosy Cross, Itsolzy, Honey
Grove Girl, Real Article, Barefoot ' Boy, Our
Minnie, Lord Brazen, Llewllyn, Budweiser. ¦ .
California* Greyhounds Show to'Ad
vantac© i n tke First Round.
WATERLOO CUP MEETING.
The charter has been long: enough in
existence to enable our citizens to felly
realize the danger of appointing dishon
est, incapable or unfair men on these
commissions. Z shall, if elected, strive
to give the city the best men that can
1>e secured to fill these places. Whether
Z should appoint a merchant or a me
chanic, a lawyer or a laborer on any of
these commissions, Z promise the people
of this city that each of my appoint
ments will . at least be as I have fre
auently asserted, a representative man
In bis own calling-. I feel that by so
doing- Z could best promote the welfare
of San Francisco.
HEITBY J. CK0CXX2B.
NO SCORE FOR OCCIDENTALS.
Five goals in the first half and one goal
In the second half were made , by the
Vampires of the California Association
Football League in the opening game,
played yesterday with. the Occidentals on
the Webster street field, Alameda. The
vanquished failed to score a goal, but
their. work in the last hair was far su
perior to that displayed In the opening
half. Most of the members of the Vam
pires were veterans at the sport and used
their knowledge" of the tricks and turn9
of the game to telling advantage against
their ambitious but less sclenced oppo
nents. With the advance of- the season,
the admirers of the \ Occidentals assert
the team will render a good account pf
itself. Ten minutes after the referee's
whistle sounded the Vampires put the
ball fairly in the net,- Wilding scoring
the goal. During, the. first half the b"all
was for the greater part In the territory
of the Occidentals. Toward the close of
the last half the Vampires were kept busy
trying to prevent . the Occidentals from
tallying. Lloyd,, center halfback for the
Occidentals, put up a brilliant game,, his
all-around tackles being a. feature. Pres
ident Knowles of the California Associa
tion Football .League was accorded the
honor of kicking off the ball that started
the initial: contest -of the league. Tlie
teams lined up a« follows: .>;>;;¦
Vampires — Airth, Martin, Peterson (captain)
Howard, Glaner, Buchly, Turner. Kay, Weaver
Wilding. Showell. . '
Occidentals — Smith. ' McCarthy, Chievers
Bowden, Lloyd, DIxon. F. Holland/ Condon, V
Holland (captain), Hayes;. Shaughnessy. .
Hugh Williamson, referee; Messrs. Welnstock
and McCullom, linesmen. I
IX)S A2TGELES TEAM LOSES.
PORTLAND. Nov. 1.— Six thousand people
raw Los Angele« go down to defeat In the last
game this season on : the ¦ local field. The
waatber was all that could be asked, for It re
"eembled & day in June rather than the first day
of November. Los Angaleu had the game well
in hand until the elxth inning, when the team
•eenied to go to pieces. Corbett, who UP to
*• this time had held Portland down to four hlU,
gave four more hits during the Inning and two
parsed balls. Four errors were made in the
field. After this Log Angeles lost heart and
made little further effort. Score:
R. II. E-
Portland 0 0 0O191 0 x— 11 8-8
Lob Angeles. ..3000110 00— S 12 0
Batteries — Butler, Fhea end Clarke; Corbett
and Spies. Umpire — O'ConnelL
SEATTLE. Wash.. Nov. 1.— Seattle lost the last
game at borne by playing loos« ball. tit. Vrain
was hit bard, but had he received good support
Jn the eighth and ninth Innings be would have
¦won bi« game. Cutter was steady and received
%*<& support. £core:
>T R. H. E.
Seattle 10 0 10 0 110—4 9 7
Un Francisco.. 00001003 2 — 0 13 . 3
Batteries— St. Vrain and Brers; Cutter and
Krrors— Schwartz (2). Graham. Two-*""*
hltt _-Casey. McLaughHn, Hogan Sacrifice
H t , Hildebrand Sheehan. First t»se on er
ror^SaTram^to 1. Oakland 11 First ba« , on
called balls—Off Keefe 1. off , McKa J k»™£
on bases— Sacramento 2. Oakland 6. Struck
out-By Keefe 1. by McKay 4. Double plays-
Lc,hman to Devereaux; Hildebrand to Egan to
Orahfun. Time of game— 1:^5. umpire— Mc-
Donald.
Charley Schwartz and his costly errors
¦were the main things in the morning mix
up across the bay. He made his mistakes
In the seventh spasm. The score at that
time was 1 to 0 in favor of the Senators.
The bags were full and two were gone. A
fly was hit to Schwartz. He dropped it
and then threw the ball away at the
plate. When the horizon had cleared it
could b* seen the Senators had accumu
lated four runs and the game was theirs.
Both McKay and Keefe shone brightly
on the slab, though the former was the
better roan. The score:
Sacramento — I Oakland —
AB. R. H. P. A. AB. R. H. P. A.
Casey 2b. 4 0 10 3 OHara,cf 3 0 12 0
Hilbrd If 3 0 0 5 liMskmn.s 4 0 0 2 2
•ML*rlnrf3 12 0 O Murdk.rf 4 0 14 0
I>ovle cf 4 113 0 Senwz.2b 4 0 1-23
Kgan.s..'. « 1 1 3 ? Kruger.lf 4 O 0 1 0
Khehn.Sb 3 0 0 1 5Mesrly.lb4 0 O If. 1
Grahm.lb 3 1 0 14 O Devrx.Sb 3 0 112
i-ogan.c. 3 0 111 Lohmn,c 3 0 0 4 2
? .eefe.p.. 3 0 0 0 3 McKay, p 3 0 1 1.J2
Totala 5 4 6 27 17- Totals 32 0 6 27 12
RUXS AXD HITS BT IXNIXGS.
¦'FaTUoeiito 0 0 0 0 0 0 4 0 0—4
pS£hlt« ...... * 10100300—0
Oakland ..0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0-0
uiE wVi ' ::::"o 10101110-5
SUMMARY.
Schwartz's Costly Errors.
OAKLAND, Nov. 1.— In a game that was
not remarkable for a display of team
work or for •quick, snappy playing, the
Oakland Hornets defeated the Albion Ro
vers at association football . this after
noon on the grounds at Idora Park. TThe
final score of 3 to 1. The playing on
both sides was what might be called
"ragged." This was due somewhat to the
lack of team work. In which the players
have had no practice. The field was re
sponsible for some of the Dad. plays, too,
as it was lumpy and hard to run upon.
The strong kicking and sure placing of
Johns and Gillchrest were the features
of the Rovers' game, and the all-round
work of Chalmers, William Pomeroy,
Hunter and Cowell that of the Hornets'
playing. The teams were composed' of
the following players:
Oakland Hornets — Williamson, Mildred. Wil
liam Pomroy, McKay. Chalmers, Bird, Hunter,
E. Pomeroy, Shand, Hlndshaw, Cowell. . ¦ .
Albion Rovers — Moran, Johns, Lancaster,
Bayne Robertson. Smith. Churchill, A. Orton,
E. Orton, GlllchreBt, Bradley.
J. D. Robertson, referee; Humphreys* and
Rhodes, linesmen.
HORNETS ARE VICTORS.
Third round— Our Motto beat Qulta. 10-3;
Donnybrook beat Equator, 7-4; Cubanola beat
Duhallow, "-8-6; Mi Amlgo beat Rocke
feller. 13-3. . . '
Fourth round — Donnybrook beat Our Motto,
9-5; Cubanola beat Ml Amlgo, 8-1. -..-,
.Deciding ¦ course — P. ' J. Horgan's Donny
brook (Cronln's Wild Tralee-Manlla) beat E.
Baumeister's ¦ Cubanola :~ (Fetter Free imp.-
Motto), ' 7-5.
Open etake — Red Rock • beat Articulate, 3-1 ;
The Referee ieat May Connolly. 10-0; Old
Ironsides beat Cecil M, 16-5; Reckless Acrobat
beat Wing Wing. 30-0; Otto beat Magic Stuff,
14-3;.- Rural-Artist- beat America, .8-7; Re
mlsso Animo beat Flower of Kerry. 8-0; Re
gal Attire beat Vandal, 10-8;- Belle Free beat
Nlobe, ,6-1: Tralee Boy beat Rich, Argosy, 5-1;
Cosette beat '¦ Reneeade Apache, 6-4; Fire
Brick beat Prairie Maid, 7-6; Gambit beat
Imperious, 10-1; Honest- John beat Haphaz
ard. 5-4; Vina beat" Anchor," 17-1; Luxury beat
Irish Lad. '5-3: Clarice ' beat Rapid • Water,
12-10; Barge beat Sempronlous, 12-4; Fenii
beat Game- Boy,,0-3; VYounK Johnny. Rex beat
k Greenhall, 4-3.
. Second round — Red Rock beat The . Referee,
9-2;' Reckless Acrobat beat Old Ironsides,. 4-0;
Otto beat Rural ¦ Artist, 4-3;- Belle Free beat
Remlsso Animo, 10-1;. Tralee Boy beat Regal
Attire, 4-0; Cosette beat Fire Brick, 8-0; Vina
beat Gambit, 15-5; Honest John 'beat Luxury.
10-7; Barge a bye. Clarice withdrawn; Fenll
beat Young Johnny Rex. 13-6. . .-•-;
; ¦ Third round— Red Rock beat Reckless Acro
bat, 11-5; Belle Free beat Otto, 5-1; Tralee
Boy beat Cosette, 7-3; Hbneat John beat Vina.
7-3: Barge beat Fenii, 10-5. •
Fourth ' round— Belle • Free beat Red . Rock,
8-4; Tralee Boy beat Honest John, 12-8; Barge
a bye. .... . ¦
Fifth round and deciding course — Barge with
drawn;. Belle Free, beat Tralee'Boy, 4-0. ¦
Second round— Our Motto beat Rocklln Boy,
8-4; Qulta beat Racing Auto, 12-7; Equator
beat L L C, 10-3; . Donnybrook beat Concord
Tralee, 7-2; Cubanola beat Amandan, 7-6;
Duhallcw beat Adonis, 0-2; Mi Amlgo beat
Ploughman, 6-2;- Rockefeller beat Gunpowder,
6-1. ' . ' ; '
P. J. Horgan, the Concord coursing man,
repeated his victory of some weeks since
in the Futurity by- winning the rich
Junior Champion and H. J. Crocker cup
stakes yesterday at Union Coursing. Park.
His successful representative was Donny
brook, a black son of Wild Tralee-
Manila and a brother of the Futurity win
ner, Irvlngton Tralee.
Donnybrook defeated In Time, Concord
Tralee, Equator, Our Motto, and, in the
deciding course, Cubanola. The latter
scored • the first five points and then
Donnybrook rolled up a winning sequence
of seven. At this juncture Cubanola lost
sight of the hare, which, it apparently
thought, had" made' good its escape.
Donnybrook continued in pursuit, but the
hare finally escaped before he could get
another turn out of it. ,
Sixteen of the thirty-two hares used In
this stake made good their escape.
The open stake was won by Belle Free,
which defeated Tralee Boy in the deciding
course. This was a close* contest, the
greyhounds running neck_ and neck to the
hare. Belle free then pulled out, turned
the hare and killed. The results in detail:
Junior Champion and Crocker cup
stake — Our Motto- beat Red. Brick, 5-0; Rock
lin Boy beat Sweet Virginia, 2-0; Qultabeat
Special, ll-'J; Racing Auto a bye, Mellinwood
¦withdrawn; Equator beat Balendlne. 11-5; L
L C beat Mountain Light, 10-3: Donnybrook
beat In Time, 7-5; Concord Tralee beat Char
ter Member, 10-8; Cubanola beat Rose Tree,
«-2; Amandan beat Mountain Poet, 5-0; Adonis
beat Fair Tralee, Il-7;/Duballow beat Boots,
19-4; Ploughman beat Richard Antan, 14-9;
Rockefeller beat Homestead Boy, 6-2: Ml Am-
Igo beat Flnoola, 6-2; Gunpowder beat Free
From Flaw. !
The San Francisco Coursing Club stake
of thirty-two entries was the feature yes
terday at Ingleside Coursing Park. In
addition to the purse offered by the as
sociation. Mayor Schmitz added an artistic
cup as a trophy.
After some hard coursing Full Moon
managed to gain first honors, beating
Mount Rose in the deciding- course.
In the open event Homer Boy beat Dor
othy M and made some money for the
short-enders. The card throughout was a
good one, though the more than occa
sional defeat of a favorite put the talent
In bad humor.
are the day's results, with
Judge Thomas Tierney 's official scores:
San Francisco coursing : Club stake,
Schmitz cup added — Little Mercy a bye; Doc
Burns beat Yankee Boy, 13-3; Pepper Jack
beat Toronto, C-3; Little Plunger beat Young,
America, U-4; Mount Rose beat Reta S, B-S;
hoyal Friend beat Sofala. 18-8: Olobefell beat
Young Fearless, 10-4; Lady Menlo beat Mc-
Henry, 20-5; Conroy beat Hock and Rye, 10-4;
Cloverdale beat Pure Pearl. 0-3; Full Moon
beat Flora Belle, 0-1; Slsklyou beat Don Pedro.
¦ !-«; W t'dgewood beat Haddlngrton, 5-1; Colored
Lady beat Lily Wright. 6-1; Snapper Garrison
beat Commercial Traveler, 14-3; Bob R b«at
Yukon. 8-5.
Second round — Doc Burns beat Little Mercy,
6-1; Little Plunger beat Pepper Jack, 3-2:
Mount Rose beat Royal Friend, 10-2; Clobefell
beat Lady Menlo, 5-0; Conroy beat Cloverdale.
5-4; Full Mx>ori beat Slsklyou, 5-3; Wedgewood
beat Colored Lady, 8-0; Snapper Garrison beat
Bob R, 10-0. -
Third round — Little Plunger beat Doc Burns.
.8-0;. Mount Rose beat Lady Menlo. 0-8; Full
Moon beat Conroy. 5-0; Wedgewood beat Snap
per Garrison. 4-3.
Fourth round — Mount Rose beat Little Plun
ger. C-4; Full Moon beat Wedgewood. 4-2.
Deciding course — Full Moon beat Mount
Rose, 10-0.
Open stake, second round — Belfast beat Lin
da Vista, 12-2; Ragtime beat Marguerette, 7-1;
Topsy Turvy beat Little Lucy. 8-5; Cremo beat
Good Decision, 10-7; False Alarm beat Firm
Fellow, S-4; Pacl^sr Billy, a bye; Bonnie
Hughle beat Wattles, 12-0; Tom Hurllck beat
Tobas-co Bob, 5-2; Lady Plnta beat Orslna. 9-7;
Homer Boy beat Comlque. 15-3.
Third round — Lulu Girl beat Lord Goff. 7-4;
Free Born beat Master Clalr. 4-1 ; Our Myra
beat Braw's Hill. C-4; J E H a bye; Dorothy
M beat Real Duchess, 8-1; Belfast beat Rag
time. 6-1; Topsy Turvy beat Cremo, 18-9; Pac
ing Billy, beat False Alarm. 0-4; Bonnie Hughie
•beat Tom Hurllck, 0-7; Homer Boy beat Lady
Plnta, 8-0. :
Fourth round — Free Born beat Lulu Girl.
5-4; J E H beat Our Myra, 6-4; Dorothy M
beat Belfast 7-3; Topsy Turvy beat Pacing
Billy, 12-8; Homer Boy beat Bonnie Hughie,
11-3 ' *
Fifth round— J EH beat Free Born. 0-3;
Dorothy M a bye; Homer Boy a bye.
Sixth round — Homer Boy beat J E H. 7-5;
Dorothy M a bye. • r-' 1 -^
Deciding course — Homer Boy beat Dorothy
M, 8-2.
Horgan's Kennel Sup
plies Another Great
Greyhound.
Defeats Mount Rose for
Highest Honors at
Ingleside.
FULL MOON WINS
SPECIAL TROPHY
JUNIOR CHAMPION
FOR DONNYBROOK
SOME EXCITING MOMENTS DURING THE FIRST ASSOCIATION FOOT
BALL GAME OF THE CALIFORNIA LEAGUE SEASON, PLAYED YES
TERDAY AFTERNOON ON THE PRESIDIO ATHLETIC GROUNDS.
After Antrobus and A. Disher had been
ruled off, each team was one man short.
Conception played as goalkeeper for the
Independents for the rest of the match,
the halfback line consisting of only two
men instead of three. A goodly number of
spectators watched the game from the
grandstand.
Independents. Positions. Thistles.
Antrobus,
Conception Goalkeeper Lowe
Lynch Back Tierney
McGran Back Forrest
Conception Halfback Taylor
Mlchils Halfback" Duncan
Smith Halfback McGregor
Nolan Dutslde right.. R. A. Disher
T. Fay Inside right Smith
P. Fay Center forward Lydon
Arthur Outaide left T. Disher
13 Fay Inside left A. Disher
The Thistles had the best of the play,
but a thoroughly efficient goalkeeper
might have stopped all three of the'balls.
The Independent team was unlucky in
losing the services of Antrobus, one of^the
strongest goalkeepers In the California
League, early in the first half. A. Disher,
one of the Thistle, forwards, stepped on
the chest of Antrobus In a melee and An
trobus struck him on the jaw. Referee
Irish ruled both players oft the field for
the rest of the afternoon.
The ball was kicked off shortly after
2:30 p. m. and during the first half the
play was pretty even, the score standing.
Thistles 1 goal. Independents 0. For the
Thistles, Duncan and Taylor, halfbacks,
rendered valuable service, and the two
fullbacks, Tierney and Forest, played a
steady game.
During the second half the Independents
made some determined rushes but were
unable to put the ball between the posts.
Smith scored a second eoal for the This
tles and Lydon, the center forward, after
some good dribbling, made a third goal.
Neither side scoring again, the game end
ed. Thistles 3 goals. Independents 0. For
the winners R. A. Disher, T. Disher and
Lydon played well, while for the losers
McGran and the Fay brothers showed to
the best advantage. Lynch, one of the
Independent backs, is not In his usual
health, but played a good game. Neither
team was strong in combination work,
the season being too younjj as yet. The
Independent team was caplaln«d by Me
chels and the Thistle eleven by Forrest.
C. P. Irish acted as referee. The teams
and the positions of the men were as fol
lows:
day by the Thistle team, which
defeated the Independent eleven 3 goals
to 0 on the Presidio Athletic Grounds.
THE opening match of the season
for the championship of 1903
1904 of the California Association
Football League was won yester-
Antrobus Is Ruled
Off for Rough
Work.
¦ ' The Cripples came through with another
in their ha'.f of the seventh. Graham
walked, but O'Hara forced him at second.
Dr. Mosklman slammed one of his old
timers to the score board for two sacks
ar.d O'Hara easily beat it out to the rub
'ber. Y»*hen the ninth relied round, three
Cripples were espied on the bags and at
the same time two were out. Schwartz
was up and it is shameful to relate that
the best he had was a pop to center. Then
curtains. The score:
Oakland — Sacramento—
AB. R. H. P. A. AB. R. H. P. A.
OHara.cf S 110 0 Ca?ey.2b 3 2 16 4
Mckmn.s 4 0 2 3 3 Hilbrd.lf 3 0 15 0
Murdk.rf 5 0 13 0 MI.ghn.rf 3 0 0 2 0
Schwz.2b 5 0 0 12 Doyl*.cf 4 0 0 10
Krugc-r.ir 4 113 1 &an,«.. 3 0 12 1
M.srly.lb 3 O 1 JO 2 Shehn.3b 11113
I>Fvrx.3b 4 0 2 12 C.Grhm.c 2 1 0 ft 1
Gorton, c 2 0 0 5 1 Hogan.lb 4 O 0 3 1
O.Ghm.p 3 0 0 14 Knell. p.. 3 10 0 1
Totals .'Jo 2 S 27 15! Totals 2i"> 5 4 27 11
BCK8 AND HITS BT INNINGS.
Saorajntnto 1 0 0 0 0 O 4 0 0 — 5
Base hits 1 «> O 0 1 o 2 O O — t
Oakland O 0 O 1 O 0 1 0 0 — 2
,liase hits 1 0 1 2 0 1 1 1 1— S
SUMMARY.
Stolen ba«e — HildVbrand. Errors — Gorton,
Egiin. Hosan. Two-base hits — O'Hara. Dev
«>r«-aux. Ejian. Moskimar.. Sacrifice hits — Hil
d«-bran'd.- Siweban. Westerly. C. Graham <2).
First base on errors — Oakland 2. Fir*t ba*e
on ciJled balle — Off O. Graham 6, off Knell 4.
I^ft on bases — Oakland 10. Sacramerrto 4.
Struck out— By O. Graham 3, by Knell 2.
" Hit by r-itcher — Sheehan. Double play — Kru
¦e<r to Gcrton. IJalk — O. Or* ham. Time of
game — 2:05. Umpire — McDonald.
Mike Fisher led his Senators away from
the ereat metropolis yesterday evening.
No racra will the merry band roam over
the green at Recreation Park this season
and perhaps the fans will not behold the
cmilin^ countenances of many of them
again. But ere they made their get
eway the law-making tossers scalped the
Cripples twice, 4 to 0 at Oakland and 5 to
2 at EUrhth street.
Both tames savored of the real cream
cheese and were full of the life and the
action that make the fans «rrow noisy.
For eix Inning it was 1 and 1. Then the
Senators got busy and also corraled the
luck. Just enough of it to carry them
through. They were the first to register
and their tally came in the < initial
round, when Casey stung one to Dever
eaux that came too fast to field. Hilde
terand bunted cleverly and McLaughlin
went out to first, putting Casey on third.
Then Graham grew unruly and balked, so
Casey trotted In.
- The Cripples landed in the fourth. Kru
•g«*r bingled to ripht and Messerly sacri
nced. Devereaux got a scratchy one to
the pitcher and when Gorton worked for
"a base the bags were all occupied. Gra
ham hit a slow one to Casey, who smoth
ered it. He tourhf-d Gorton out as the
latter tore to second.
Then there was a rough house. Krujer
.scored on the play and as Casey was
about to toss the sphere to first and make
a double play his hand went wrong and
the ball fell out of his mitt. The Senators
•gathered around the umpire and each
'man averred that Gorton had interfered
with Casey. Jim refused to be touted by
the i>erformers and so the run counted.
The Senators soon forgot about their
alleged slight ar.d began to p'.ay the game
a?ain. Mr. Esan's double was an eye
opener for the seventh, and when Shee
han bunted and Graham threw the ball
;lnte to third to stop Truck it looked bet
ter. Graham flew out to left and Egan
was ciiusht at, the plate by j. pretty
throw, completing a neat double 'play.
' It seemed the Senators would not do a
thing, but the next three were passed by
the erratic Graham, the last man; Casey,
forcing Sheehan in. Hildebrand tapped
-aut a single and Knell and llogan arrived.
Thfn Casey and Hildebrand tried the
double *teal and after considerable ma
neuvering Casey was a dead one at the
plate, but Mr. Gorton failed to hold the
ball, so the run scored.
STAiCDEfO OF THE CLUBS.
TV. I* Pet. | W. I* Pet.
U* Arreli.118 71 .GO San Tna.. 97 102 .457
*ettil« 82 91 .&03tHorUand .. 86 93 .450
."•:. :- .¦.<•--•. -> 96 9« .&00jOsJ(.Uad .. 83 117 4LS
Oakland Turner Rifle Club, ' first annual
medal shoot — H. Windmuller 372. F. Mante
345. H. Kleinenbroich 2S0. A. Schluter 295, A.
Landgraff 277. H. Feldmann WO. G. Melnecke
144 F. Kruez 188. H. Loffler 237. A. Springer
2C9. P. Uth 200. A. Englehardt 132. H. W r ieck-
Ing 179. Mante qualifies for first class.
Independent Rifles, monthly medal shoot
J. H. Kuhlkp 42; R. A. Morris 33, J. s Jones
43. H. Gaetjen Jr. 39, E. Marzolf 9 J H
Behlmer 31 C. Herlng 34. G Schmidt' io' w'
B. Cook 45. B. Hllken 48. H. Marzolf oi p'
C. Peterson 46. J. Nowdesha 30.
Shrll Mound Pistol and Rifle Club, champion
class at 2<>O yards two scores of ten shots each
— Herman Huber. 3K2; first class TV Slebe
321; L. fjicbo. 297; H. Kleinenbroich 320; H.
P. Nelson. 342; F. Mante. 047; H. Windmuller
377; A. NIehaus. 338: N T . J Kelson, 320; j!
TV. Cobby. 376; XV. XV. Thompson 312; R S
Wixson. 281. Second class at 200 yards, two
scores of ten shots each — L. Murphy 269: J.
Logu«\ 234; Captain Larson 318; H. Kofod.
2-14; D. L. Hopkins, 327; O. Poulsen 193; C.
Priest. 299; H. Bortfeld 241; A. Poulsen 272;
P. Paulson. 204; Dr. B Roche. 256; A. Thomp
son, 2S6: TV. Patton, 177: H. Long 187; E J.
Farley, 255; A. Gay. .JOS; E. Lorenzen 291;
E. Wlxson. 348; M. Lytjen 271. Third class
at 50 yards, two scores of ten shots each— T.
Xeuwlrth. 325; G. Skinner 320: F TV Dubols
383: C. Thiele. 109; F. Stolte. ' 339; L V.
Frat»s. 390; TV. Guild. 35(5; E Rehor 151- F
C. Farnkopf. 394; T. Bearwald. 370- t> Guild,
378 ;*C. Boxton. 272: H. McKlnley. 350; TV.
Kenney. 36S: J. Henney. 322; F. O. Schullerts
402; O. Brandt. 255: XV. Paulson, 399; C. J.
Grleb. 365: G. Paulson. 3C6: L Delavargne
210; E. Niehaus. .%8; G. Hughes 371- T
Burr. 413; G. Glulck. 391: H. Wobber # 390;
A. E. Woods. 401; A. M. Woods ¦ 35 - 6- B
Schullerts, 2C5; S. Holmes, 329; V.' Poulsen
Company G, Flrtt Infantry-. National Guard
of California, monthly medal shoot at 200
yards— Captain W. L. Wall 30. Sergeant \V.
Talbot S9. Corporal H. D. Tusgy 30. J. Dolan
48. E. Dolan 29. J. McCarthy 27 H Lowe 27,
E. J. Lyons 08. W. L,. Spillman 25 TV H.
Spiltman 40. S. B. Mills 24. L. Ayhens 32 J
A. Bright 25, Sergeant E. Stroth 42, \V. Mc-
Swlggan 24. Corporal J. Duffey 2S. E. NIcol
30. Sergeant K. Owens 30. Sergeant E. Noyes
3«. Corporal J. E. Levy 20. E. Ames 30 S.
Dreyfus 25. Lieutenant L. Graham 30 B Jack
man 20. J. Schath 20, J. Harney 2S P. Mc-
Carthy 20
The Nationals, Deutscher Krieger Ve
rein, Companies II and G of the First In
fantry, National Guard of California; the
Shell Mound Ilifle and Pistol Club, Inde
pendent Rifles and the Oakland Turner
Ilifle Club sent large deltgntions yester
day to the Shell Mound ranees. The
weather was perfect and the shooting
was correspondingly good. None of the
marksmen made phenomenal scores, but
the average was unusually high. The re
sults of the contests follow:
Nationals, Catteries B and C, First Artillery,
National Guard of California, monthly medal
shout at 2O». ;;<X» and 000 yard;: — Corpcra.1 C.
H. Heineman, 20, 20, 22; A. L. Stuart, IS, 11,
9; A. Corde*, 17. la. 21; F. T. Sheldon. 19, lo.
11: Corporal W. J. i'etty, IS. 17. 14; J. C. Na-
Sle. 14. 12. 10; li. P. Suclflohn. 20.
2l\ IS: C. F. Waltham, lft. 22, 2.1; F. H. Stef
fen. 12, 12. T»; C W. Boston. 15, 17, 7; Ser
geant T. M. McGilvery. Ill, 20. 22: T. T. Smith
19. i"J, 17; Corporal J. E. Flyi:n. 20, IS, I<i; a.
Coons, IS, 14, 13; Sergeant F. J. Kane. 21. 22,
24; Corporal C. C. do Wolf, 22, 20. 21; Sergeant
S. J. Stewart. 2<>, 21, 23; J. S. Jones. 21, 22.
2:!; W. A. McQultty, 17. 11. 1«; A. Gerdes. 15,
1U. 18; Sergeant A. S. Hatfield, 21. 19. IS; Ser
geant A. K. Anderson. 22, 1!». 19; Corporal C.
Wynmaa, 19. 16. 15; AV Mallut, lh, 20. 16;
Corporal E. Suelflohn. 21. 19, 23: Sergeant TV.
Grant. 22. 20. 19; Corporal G. Harvey, 20, 20,
22; Sergeant W. W. Thompson, 21. 19, 22;
Corporal J. W. Cobby. 10. 22. 22; II. W.
Mitchell. 21. 22, 14; H. II. Mitchell. 20. IS 21;
W. Stromberg, 17, IS, 13; J. B. Barber, Its, 14.
12; Lieutenant J. N. Ross, 23, 22. 21; Captain
Petty. 19. 2<>. IS; Captain W. Grattan, 21, 18,
20; H. J. Kalthcff. IS. 18. 21; Sergeant F. J.
Povey, 20, 2.". 20; Sergeant H. J. Musgrave 21
19. 20; Sergeant J. W. Galbralth. 17. 16, 18.
Ek-utscher Krleger Verein, monthly medal
fhoot — Fir?t champion class. C. Weggenmanr.
388: champion class, J. Bender, 31)2; first claB?!
X. Fllberzahn. ;^2«i; second clasH, C Meyer. 315;
third class, H. Hennlnger, "02; fourth class, C.
Martman. 2U8; best first shot. II. Henninge'.
24; best lapt shot. O. Dammer. 24; most cen
ters. F. Kal*er. Prizes in bullseye shoot were
won in the following order: F. Kaiser O
Dammer. H. Herninger. X. SUberzahn.
Company H, First Infantry. National Guard
of California, monthly medal Fhoot at 200 yarda
—Lieutenant J. L. Swift 41. Sergeant A Ro
brecht 21. Roy Holiday 23, J. McKeever 27, T.
Ktarns 11. T. Browne 36, C. Kelly- 7. S. Sher
man 24. M. Alberts 19. H. Hughes 16. G
Priest 17. H. Cohen 18. J. Gettle 31. J. Alva
ratlo 31.
All the Clubs Send Lcrg« Delega
tions to the Rifle Range.
SHOOTING AT SHELL MOUND
Captain F. A. Kuhls led all the marks
men in the Eintracht Verein and carried
off the honors of the champion class. The
results:
California Schuetzen Club, monthly medal
s»h>x>t: First champion claim — A. Strecker. 227,
216; Otto Uremer. 214. 221. Second champion
class— J. U UtsehiK. 204. 2C6; T. J. Carroll.
19;:. 182; Al Uehrtt. 221. 222; Ohris Meyer,
m. lt<5; Otto Uurmeister, 179. 1SS. First
class, Creorse Tammeyer, 219, 20f>. Second
clHfs—h. C. Rabin. 1»1; John C. Waller. 144.
133; V. F. Blasse. 20«. 203; A. von Wyl, 1S4,
I8S; August Jungblut. 168; Frank Suter, lift;
Ueorsre Ahrons. 135. Third class — William
Noldetl, 1».K. 125; Charlea tagehorn. 154i, 182;
JotM'ph Straub. ISC. 190; Frank lUede. 146. ISO;
F. C. Hagenip. 14», 121; 11. F\ Hartter. 213,
1P2; Ix.uis Thierbach. 1JH. 200; George Hisch
muller ?r.. 201, 173; M. llcubold. 148. 152.
Fuurth class— Max Kolander 201. 130: V. J.
Paver. 17;>. 1*«9; Charlen von Hartwig. 164;
Ed Englander, 1C9, 14S: John Holler. IMS. 180;
Frtd Levers. 172. 174: H. ticheunert. ISrj. 1!M;
J. Gassner. 141, 160; William UiCracken. l«0.
110; C M. Kouaeeau. Its, 1CS. Cadet class —
Frank II. Breir.er. 225, 206.
Pistol Annex— John I*. I'tschig. 85, 81 : II.
Kolander, 71, CS; U C. Habln. 50; John C
Waller. 47. :~"i; John UoH«r. CS. C3; T. J. Car
roll. <>4. Si; George Tammeycr. 85, S2j W. F.
Masse. 83, fcS; Chris Meyer, Vo, 77; Fred Lev
ers, CO. 40.
Verein Eintracht, monthly medal shoot:
Champion class, F. A. Kuhls. 401; first class,
Charlts von I Jar; u it,". "oO; cfcond cla.se, Wil
liam Ruhser, :J-'S1 ; third class. H. Schroeder,
2*4. Adam Brehm trophy, Joseph Rohr»r.
First bfst shot, F. A. Kuhls. 24; last best shot,
F. A. Kuhls, 20.
« .
Adolph Strecker was high man in the
California Schuetsen, Club with 227 rings
to his credit, his next nearest competitors
being Otto Bremer and Al Gehret. In the
cadet class Frank II. Bremer did some
remarkable shooting in his medal string,
making 225 rings in one score and 206 in
the other.
The shooting: at Scbuetzen Park rifle
rang-© yesterday proved lively. Many of
the marksmen took pert in pool shooting
In addition to the usual monthly contests.
The California Schuetzen Club held its
monthly medal contests -with rifle and
pistol, and the Eintracht Verein sent a
large number of members over to take
part in the medal shoot and the contest
for the Adam Brehm trophy.
Bremer and Gahret Are the
Champions Nearest
Competitors.
Opposing Ball Toseers Play
the Game in Fast and
Snappy Style.
Proves High Man in the
California Club
Contests.
The Senators Make Past
Finishes in Both
Contests.
TWO VICTORIES
ERE THEY LEAVE
STRECKER LEADS
THE MARKSMEN
FOOTBALL, BASEBALL, TENNIS, COURSING, SHOOTING AND AUTOMOBILING
THISTLE ASSOCIATION FOOTBALL TEAM
DEFEATS THE INDEPENDENT ELEVEN
THE FAN FBAK CISCO CALL, MONDAY, NOVEMBER 2, 19Q3.
5
ADVERTISEMENTS.
EverTryOur 4Mfc
business wear. If you are . ; ":lf^ " "*w^ l*V^*y£!$
caught in a shower you .^i;?,^-* J^.&^gjy>
than a dear one. Further- l^^^.'W^'g^fe^
more, you can afford a ..•:).v^^r?>\^^^;
new hat every three or ' ff^^^ : ' ::^^^''^'''^^^^\'''
four months and your "'"• ''•0F*^' ; ': : .-'-'i'^S^^f^ t '
hats will always look _^.jiil~j"i-^^
new. The\hats are made /^^^^^^^^^^
those who want them. '' '^^^^vjsrl
See the hats in our win- / '-^P^
dows — a glance will tell j^*/ .' J*^$§y
Out-of-town orders filled fr 8 * J*^^%k
Sft\VQOP.$fl>- W^'-i&F
740 Market Street. . '\£jj*i&0 r jUNION labor will present a determined front in the battle
line of the Crocker forces to-morrow. Thousands of stal
wart toilers — who fought for Schmitz in the last cam
paign and have since felt the influence of his treason to their
cause— have turned back to that party that never failed them in
time of need. To demonstrate the facts above stated beyond a
possible doubt and to cast the question among the undebatable
The Call has procured the following signed statements from rep
resentative union labor men Who will vote for Henry J. Crocker
to-morrow :
Crocker will win beyond doubt. W. C. FRENCH,
Member Bridge and Structural Iron-Workers' Union No. 31.
\* •
No good union man can vote for Gavin McNab or Abe
Ruef. So you can see where I stand in this fight.
A. J. ARMBRUSTER,
Member Felt and Composition Roofers' Union No. 1.
Schmitz and Lane both claimed the labor vote. To-day
Crocker is stronger with labor than either of them.
W. L. EVANS,
Member Millwrights' Union.
\ - * -
The election of next Tuesday is of more than ordinary im
portance to the wage- workers of San Francisco. Crocker's elec
tion means plenty of work and consequent prosperity ; hence 1 1
shall vote for Crocker. THOMAS CONLEY,
Member Carpenters' Union No. 22.
\ i : ~ •< '
We have been fooled once. We will see to it that it does
not occur again. We expected to see some benefit from the
Schmitz administration, but we did not get it. If Cnx..cer does
not bring success, no one can. S. VAILENGUELA,
Member Millmen's Union No. 423.
Crocker is an ideal man for Mayor. He will reflect credit
upon his constituents and the city. ED SUMMERVILLE,
I Member Teamsters' Union.
I'm for Crocker — first, last and all the time. When I say thfs
it does not mean that I am controlled by any political party, but
only the city's good. * A. E. SMITH,
1 Member Painters' Union No. 19.
I'm for Crocker. So are all my friends. Don't worry about
the result. WILLIAM R. GORE,
, Member Bricklayers' Union No. 7.
fSl !
You can say my vote goes in for Crocker and I wish I could
vote a hundred times.
; ; FREDERICK W. MORTON,
f ' Member Bricklayers' Union No. 7.
** * ¦ ' ~ ' — _ _____ _
We make no mistake when we vote for Crocker. He is a
good man. WILLIAM DOWNEY,
, Member Laundry Workers' Union No. 26.
The election of Henry J. Crocker will teach the pretenders
a lesson. Counterfeits don't go -with us.
RICHARD HOPKINS,
Vice President Bricklayers' Union No. 7.
T \ - • •-;¦
It is a settled fact that Crocker is stronger than Lane. It is,
therefore, our duty to rally to Crocker and make his election ab
solutely sure. C. W. SPRINGSTEIN,
'-':• ¦'-*'- Member Millmen's Union No. 42*.
Crocker is now and always has been with labor. Able, hon
est and competent is Henry J. Crocker, the next Mayor of San
Francisco. LOUIS BIBESCU,
: 1 • Member Sheet Metal Workers' Union No. 270.
>¦ :r ¦'"¦ 1 ~.
When the money raised by the bond issue will be spent, we
want a man who will insure a dollar's value for a dollar spent. I
know that Henry J. Crocker will see that the city gets value re
ceived. " * J. GRIFFIN,
Member Painters' Union No. 19.
The election of Henry J. Crocker will mean prosperity and
work. WILLIAM E. CLARK,
Union No. 22, U. B. C. and J.
I believe that the future success of our city depends upon the
election of Henry J. Crocker. C. D. LUCAS,
While unions as organizations are absolutely out of politics,
individual union men have a duty to perform, and that is to use
their best endeavors to secure an administration of public affairs
which will guarantee to them steady work and good wages.
Crocker will do it. H. A. PATTEN,
Member Painters' Union No. 19.
Crocker is always the same, whether he is running for office
or not. He will know you to-morrow as well as to-day.
F. CONNER.
Toilers in the Ranks Give Word
That They Will Aid
Crocker.
Union Labor Demonstrates Its
Independence and
Sagacity.
HENRY J. CROCKER SPEAKS IN MANY STYLE TO THE VOTERS AND A LEGION
OF LEADING LABOR UNION MEN MANFULLY ASSURE HIM OF THEIR SUPPORT
A. H. Ewell of Union Labor
Party Declares for
Republicans.
Lane Out of the Fight and a
Vote for Him Is One
for Schmitz.
THE SAN 7-BAKCISCO CALL. MONDAY. NOVEMBER 2. 1903.
stamp the X opposite the hame of every
Republican nominee for' Supervisor that
he wishes to vote for. If he does not do
this the election officers will not know
what two candidates of the party he in
tends to vote against and will therefore
count only for the two Democratic candi
dates. The safe rule for Republicans to
follow is to stamp the X in the circle at
the head of the Republican column and
then stamp an X opposite the name of
every candidate of his choice, being care
ful all the time to keep within the Re
publican column. As the Democrats are
in the minority in this city, the candi
dates of that party are particularly anx
ious that the independent - Republicans
should go to their assistance. Republi
cans are beginning to understand that Re-
Dublican victories cannot be won by vot-
er and Eugene E. Schmitz. The lines are
distinctly drawn. It is true that quite a
number of citizens entertain kindly feel-
Ings toward Mr. Lane, but he is bo far
removed from the contest that the betting
is actually ten to one that he will not be
better than third in the race. The citi
zen that casts his vote for the. Demo
cratic nominee will practically cast it for
Schmitz and Ruef.
Schmitz's candidacy la formidable. Th*
labor union men are not as earnest nor
united in his support as they were two
years ago, when he ran against Wells and
Tobln, but Ruef > has campaigned in the
tenderloin and promised the denizens of
that quarter that Schmita, if re-elected
Continued on Page 7, Column 3.
ing for Democratic nominees. The
straight Republican ticket this year is
good enough fof anybody^ The conven
tion which nominated the ticket emanated
directly from the people. The nominee
for Mayor Is a man of high character
and excellent business attainments. He
is a native son of California and a Re
publican of the stanchest sort. He is
entitled to the confidence and support of
his party and the full measure of the Re
publican voting strength. •
SQUEEZING THE SALOON'S.
The events of the last forty-height hours
have . convinced ' men of the conservative
sort and men of the radical stamp, and,
in fact, have convinced men In every sta
tion of life and every avenue of employ
ment, i that the fight is now narrowed
down to a battle between Henry J. Crock-
Abe Ruef Is Squeezing the Tenderloin to Raise Funds
to Carry On His Losing Fight for Schmitz.
Special care should be observed in vot
ing for Supervisors. A Republican voter
who may, for example, decide to vote for
two Democratic candidates for Supervisor
and sixteen Republican candidates should
To-night on Stockton street, near Union
Square, the Republicans will close the
campaign of speechmaking with two
grand demonstrations. Eloquent speakers
will address the multitude. Rock
ets, red fire and music will be
features of the occasion. The speeches
will be short and to the point.
Every speaker will be expected to adhere
to the five-minute rule. As no hall large
enough to accommodate the throng of
expected attendants could be engaged,
the committee decided to hold the meet
ings on the street. Republicans expect
to cast 25,000 votes for the ticket of their
party at to-morrow's election and the
number voting the straight ticket will be
surprisingly large, as there is a general
apprehension - that election officers who
will be called upon to construe the new
ballot law may not give a proper inter
pretation to the act.
Henry. J- Crocker, the Republican nom
inee, leads in the race for Mayor. He has
gained strength steadily since the hour
of his nomination. The election will
take place to-morrow and there are
strong indications that the Republicans
will win out in the Thirty-fourth, Thirty
fifth. Thirty-seventh. Thirty-eighth, Thir
ty-ninth, Fortieth, Forty-first, Forty-sec
ond and Forty-third Assembly districts
and give the Schmitz forces a close battle
in the Forty-fourth District There is a
remote possibility that Lane, backed by
Boss Martin Kelly, may carry the Twen
ty-eighth District, but the betting men
wager even money that he will not win
out in any Assembly district of the city.
There is nothing to be gained by shelling
the. Lane woods. The only effect of the
fire i3 to mutilate the dead.
of my statement and act accord
ingly.
From now on I shall do all in
my power, through my many
friends, in support of and, to elect
Henry J. Crocker Mayor.
A. H. EWELL,
Member International Union of
Steam Engineers, No. 64.
Ex-chairman governing commit
tee, Union Labor party.
I was one of the organizers of
the Union Labor party and chair
man of its governing commit
tee for the last two years. I
helped to elect Schmitz and in
doing so was subject to all kinds
of abuse. Since Schmitz's election
I have stood by the Union Labor
party until the present time. I am
utterly disgusted with the manner
in which affairs have been con
conducted and the manner in
which Schmitz, as a union man,
has acquitted himself.
Those who know me know that
my actions have been guided
solely by principle, and I cannot
longer stand the Union Labor
party, which has been converted
into a machine for certain persons
who are looking for "graft" and
nothing else.
I am a consistent union man
and believe in upholding the prin
ciples of unionism. The Union
Labor party, as it is now, is a
perversion of what w r as once a
party of principle.
I appeal to my friends and
union men at large who are sup
porting the Union Labor ticket to
think seriously over what I say,
convince themselves of the truth
camp of the Ruefitea yesterday
¦when Parry brought in the news that
A. II. EweU, one of the organizers and
fiblest workers in the party, had cast
aside the Schmitz-Ruef button and de
clared his purpose to vote for Henry J.
Crocker. Here is Mr. Ewell's plain dec
laration! f
San Francisco, Nov. I, 1903.
ANOTHER leader of the Union La
bor party proclaims against the
regime of Schmitz and Ruef.
There was great alarm In the
The campaign is about finished, and I
desire to say to the people of San Fran
cisco tfc?^ I have endeavored to make a
cieaxi figiri and eliminate every element
of aocse or vituperation. The results
have been as I expected, and on this,
tfce las- day of the campaign, I am pos
sessed hj the absolute conviction that
the ticscet which I have the honor to
lead will triumph at the polls. I have
cade ay canvass upon the following prin
cip3cs, urhicb I consider of vital im
poftaac? -o the people of this city, and
chich I now reiterate:
1 — I believe in an honc3t interpreta
tion of the provisions of the charter,
and that they should be carried out in
the spirit, in which they were enacted.
2 I believe in and will work for the
bettermeznt and improvement of our school
houses, parks. streets, hospitals and
sewer systems.
3--I believe in a business administra
tion of the municipal government, and
will always be ready to deal fairly with
all classes of our citizens.
4 — I shall see to it that the money to
be raised under the bond issue shall be
expended honestly and for the welfare of
the municipality.
5--I will endeavor to so conduct the
citv government that the financial insti
tutions of the world will know that our
municipal credit is unimpaired, and that
they will run no risk in purchasing our
bonds.
6- -I have made no pledges to any boss
or faction, and my only pledge is a pledge
to thr. people that I will conduct the office
in a businesslike manner.
7--Finally, I desire to say that all
my interests are centered in San Francis
co; her prosperity means the prosperity
of all her citizens. I propose to apply
my energies to the upbuilding of her com
merce and her industries, to the end that
the peace, happiness and welfare of all
her citizens may be assured.
TO THE PEOPLE OF SAN FP^ANCISCO.
Continued on Page 7, Columns 1 and 2.
HENRT J. CROCKER, REPUBLICAN NOMINEE FOR THE OFFICE OF MAYOR OF SAN FRANCISCO, WHOSE
ELECTION OVER HIS OPPONENTS, EUGENE E. SCHMITZ OF THE UNION LABOR PARTY AND FRANK
LIN K.. LANE, DEMOCRATIC CANDIDATE, SEEMS TO BE* ASSURED. ,
6will let vice have a full swing in San
Francisco.
Ruef, as the attorney and agent of the
Mayor, is making promises and agree
ments as to what Schmitz will do in th«
event of re-election that ought to dis
qualify the Mayor from holding office.
Some of these agreements are in direct
violation of the law relating to elections.
Stories told relating to shady transactions
in the raising of money to enable Ruef
to squander coin in the campaign for
Schmitz would fill a page of this paper.
It is asserted positively that one Joint on
Ellis street was squeezed for $1600. Aii
other joint was held up for $600.
If the people of San Francisco knew 'of
the true state of affairs in the Ruef camp,
the stampede of honest voters to Henry J.
Crocker would bury the Ruef regime be
yond all hope of political resurrection.
In anticipation of the general opening up
of all kinds of vicioua and degrading
Joints under the protection of Ruef,
gambling in violation of law is" already
in full swing in several sections of the
city. Let every honest citizen ask, "How
can Ruef afford to spend $50,000 for the re
election of Schmitz?"
LAB.B TAKES ALARM.
Honest promoters of the Union Labor
party who gave their support to Mayor
Schmitz two years ago are taking alarm,
knowing that the party which they helped
to organize will be held responsible In a
measure for the degradation that will
fall on San Francisco in the event of
Ruef's continuation at the head of munici
pal affairs. It Is no surprise that promi
nent labor leaders are joining hands with
other good citizens to save the city from
the disgrace of Ruef domination. If
Schmitz Is re-elected, Ruef will sit down
at the .Mayor's desk and appoint all the
commissioners provided for in the charter.
A prominent Democrat remarked ¦ last
night: "Ruef's reign may become so op
pressive and intolerable that a vigilance
committee may be necessary to protect
the community."
Attention of Republicans and Demo
crats, Union Labor men and non-par
tisans, Is directed to the frank and manly
statement of Henry J. Crocker published
herewith. Mr. Crocker is an honorable
man. His election to the office of Mayor
will reflect honor on the city and Impart
new life to Industrial enterprises. He ap
peals to the. intelligence, the patriotism
and the spirit of public enterprise in the
citizenship of the community for support
at the elecUon to-morrow. His only com
petitor in tho race is Eugene E. Schmitz,
a man who may mean well, but whose
weakness and general unfltness for the
office of chief executive of the city must
be plain to every clear-minded citizen.
Schmitz is owned, controlled and ex
hibited by Ruef. If he were so minded he
could not emancipate himself from the
Ruef environment, because Ruef discov
ered him, brought him to public notice
and is now supplying the means to parade
him before the people.
At a meeting held yesterday by the
Brewery Workmen the action of Secre
tary R. Speck, who announced that the
union was solid for Lane for Mayor, waa
repudiated. George Hook, secretary of
the executive committee, announces that
the members of the union are left free to
vote for whom they please. They deny
the right of any member of their union
dictating to them how they shall cast
their votes.
Member Window Shade Workers' Union.
I have heard of McNab, Lane's boss, and Ruef, Schmitz's
!k>ss, but I have not heard of Crocker's boss. It must be the
people. As I am one of them. I'm lor Crocker.
john McCartney,
Member Carpenters' Union No. 22, U. B. C. and J.
Mr. Crocker is a typical San Francisco citizen, and would be
false to everything which he holds sacred if he did not give us a
line administration, with equal rights to all.
J. F. MURRAY,
Bridge and Structural Iron- Workers No. 31.
Crocker is a broad-gauged man and will make a broad
ganged Mayor. That is what San Francisco wants. He is too
big to do small things. This will be somewhat different from the
present administration. H. MARCHAM,
Member Millmen's Union No. 423.
Some of my intimate friends were discharged from the School
Department one year ago at Christmas, when their families were
required to go without their holiday pleasures. 1 know that Hen
ry J. Crocker would not stand for anything like that, and I'm for
him. WALTER BURNISH,
Bridge and Structural Iron- Workers No. 31.
I know Mr. Crocker personally and know that he will redeem
every pledge he has made to give us good government.
CHARLES STEGGAR,
Bridge and Structural Iron-Workers No. 31.
I have given the political situation a careful study and I am
now convinced that we must put our shoulders together behind
Mr. Crocker in order to save the city from Schmitz and his po
litical parasites. EUGENE O'CONNOR,
Member Carpenters' Union No. 22.
Every thinking man wants Crocker. A. DEATER,
Member Millmen's Union No. 423.
Give me Crocker and plenty of work. The city will be safe in
his hands. P. A. DOUGLAS,
Member Millmen's Union No. 423.
: * •
I do not consider that there are any politics in a city election.
The man who will do the best for the city is the man who should
be elected. I believe that man at the present time is Henry J.
Crocker. WILLIAM J. C. ROBINSON, \
Member Sign Painters' Union No. 510.
Crocker is a man that anybody can talk to and get respect
shown him. He is not above his fellow-men.
CHARLES S. PARSONS,
Member Carpenters' Union No. 22.
The election of Henry J. Crocker means a clean and honest
administration of our city's affairs. JOHN BEATTY,
Member Millmen's Union No. 423.
We must rid the city of boss boodle and buncombe, and elect
a Mavor who will insure decency. Crocker is that man.
A. S. ALEXANDER,
Member Furniture Handlers' Union.
I'm a Democrat and have supported the ticket all my life. I
am for Crocker with my whole heart and soul in this fight.
F. HARMAN,
Member Carpenters' Union No. 22.
Unity of action among self-respecting union men will win the
da)-. We have more at stake than any one else. We must elect
Crocker. In doing so we help ourselves. A. C. STRELL,
Member Millmen's Union No. 423.
Does Lane, in the absence of Democratic strength, expect
Republicans to leave their party and support him? If he does, he
is making a great mistake. Republicans are not built that way,
particularly when they have a man like Crocker at the head of
their ticket ' WARREN POWERS,
Member Felt and Composition Roofers' Union.
1 Election Officers.
Deputy Registrar Murasky gave final
Instructions to the election officers yes
terday afternoon in Woodward's Pavil
ion.
There were about 1000 assembled in the
large hall' and the remarks were so clear
ly made as to leave no room for mistakes
on the part of the clerks In charge of the
polls. Supplementary t6 his instructions
to the. officials Mr. Murasky made the fol
lowing statements, which may be of in
terest to voters: ? )•'
To vote a straight party ticket mark an X
In the circle at the top of the ticket.
Should you mark an X at the top of the
ticket and an X opposite a Supervisor on an
other party ticket, only that one Supervisor
will be counted in the vote.
¦ In order to vote for a Supervisor put a cross
opposite his name. Do not put a cross at the
top of more than one ticket,- as your vote will
bo canceled II you do. •
X want to *ee the working-men g-et
every dollar of tbe bond Issue money
they are entitled to.
HENEY ?. CHOCKEB.
Mr. A. D. Porter, who was employed at the
Mare Island Navy Yard at that time, was do
ing his best tor take t ha' transport" work away
from this city, ably backed by Abe Ruers man
for Mayor, Schmitz, who went to Vallejo sev
eral times to help Porter out and who was
taken by' Mr. Porter to the navy yard and in
troduced by him to the commandant of the
yard. Mayor Schmitz by his action In this
matter broke his pledge to the workingmen of
this city made. In his Inaugural address, in
which he said:' :-,:•
"I favor decidedly the establishment of the
principles that goods of home manufacture
should be given preference in all supplies for
public institutions. This I believe to bo in
th© Interest of the manufacturers and mer
chants and ¦workingmen of this city, who* pay
our taxes and support our local government,
as against foreign and external manufacturers
and merchants who take their profits hence and
contribute nothing to the support of our gov
ernment, our Institutions or our wage earners."
Mr. Porter at that time was a member of
what is known as the Trades and Labor Coun
cil of Vallejo. I never could find out what
that organization was composed of, or what its
objects were, outside of the fact that, like
Mayor Schmitz. they were great dispensers
of hot air.
Mr. Porter saw fit to denounce as untrue
the statements I made In my letter published
In The Call of June 21. 1903. At a meeting
of this hot air organization, held at Vallejo
on June 23, 1903, Mr. Porter offered a set of
resolutions headed: "Answer to letter of
Thomas McConnell, ex-president Shipwrights'
AsFociation of San Francisco." Mr. Porter stated
In his resolutions that the highest wages are
paid mechanics at Mare Island. He denounced
as untrue that the worklngman must forego
his union principles when he works at Mare
Island; that he is deprived of any privileges
whatever; that wages are lower than else
where and that first-class workmen will not
work at the navy yard. He stated that the
wages paid the workingmen there are equal
to the highest paid In the vicinity anoV that
Inducements were offered for the best work
lngmen of every craft to seek employment at
Mare Island.
The concluding part of my letter states:
ABLY BACKED BY SCHMITZ.
The Examiner at that time was making tre
mendous efforts to drive trade away, from San
Francl&co and the business men and working
men of every class that were employed on
transport work and who were treated right
and whose unions were respected by their em
ployers. ,
The Examiner and Lane's backers were seek
ing to drive that work away from San Fran
cisco in the Interests of Vallejo. Seattle, Brem
ington and other places. In my letter I stated
some facts to bhow that every Interest of San
Francisco demanded that that work should re
main here, and gave positive proof that the
workingmen of this city received higher wages
and better treatment, our unions were recog
nized and we were granted every privilege and
fair play that was possible to give, and the
rules of our unions were strictly complied with.
I also stated in my letter that labor unions
have no voice in the conduct of affairs In any
department of the Mare Island Navy Yard.
The worklngman hts to leave his unionism
in Vallejo, and tho moment he strikes the
yard he has to work against every principle of
unionism, manhood, honor and fair play. He
Is deprived of every privilege it Is possible to
take away from him. Privileges cheerfully
granted by the most exacting of private firms
are high crimes at Mare Island. Wages paid
at Mare Island are lower than those paid by
private firms in this city-
Owing to a system of grading. Mare Island
has become the dumping ground for Inferior
mechanics of every class.
On. June 21, 1903, The Call honored me by
publishing my letter of protest against the at
tacks of the Examiner on our employers, the
business men of this city.
Now, sir. If you will allow me, I will prove
beyond the shadow of a doubt to the working
men of this city that Mr. A. D. Porter Is an
enemy of every interest of San Francisco and
the workingmen of this city, and a friend of
scabs.
THE Henry J. Crocker Water Front
Republican League, Thomas Mc-
Connell president, proves beyond
the shadow of doubt that Mayor
Schmitz was In the scheme to take the
transport repair work from, the working
men of San Fruncisco and transfer It to
Mare Island. Thomas McConnell tells the
story in the following communication:
HEADQUARTERS OF THE WATER
FRONT UNION MEN'S HENRY J. CROCKER
CLUB, Nov. 1, 1903.— Editor Call: It Is
amazing even to tho workingmen themselves to
observe the methods adopted by the hirelings
of Hoss Abe Ruef to deceive and mislead the
workltigmtn of this city and array them as a
class against their employers and the business
men of this city. Their latest move I find to
be a circular letter headed "Union Men and
Fellow Workers, Attention!" signed by A. D.
Porter, Business Agent Boilermakers and Iron
Shipbuilders o£ America. Said circulars are
distributed all over the city, telling the work
lngmen that politics will not disrupt their
unions and denouncing those union men as
cowards and fakers who are advising the work
ingmen to keep their unions clear of politics.
Mr. Porter is telling the workingmen to vote
for that '"tried and true friend (of Bobs Ruef),
Eugene E. Schmitz. and let that be your union
motto," he mys.
TO-M ORROV evening
the results of the mu
nicipal election will be
signaled from the dome of The
Call building, so that the news
will be known at the earliest
opportunity to * citizens in
every part of the city.
If Henry J. Crocker, the
Republican candidate, is elect
ed, Ted lights and rockets will
announce it.
If Eugene E. Schmitz, the
Union Labor leader, is victori
ous, green flares and rockets
will illuminate the sky.
If Franklin K. Lane, the
Democratic nominee, is declared
the choice of the voters, white
Bignals will be set off.
Remember the color of the
signals:
CROCKER RED
SCHMITZ ...... GREEN
LANE .;........ WHITE
A stereopticon will throw
returns for the entire munici
pal ticket upon a white screen
in front of The Call building
and a. rapid service of bulle
tins will convey the results of
the election to the people. '
Bulletins will also be shown
at the Oakland office" of The
Call, 1118 Broadway.
To Flash News
From Dome of
Call Building
William E. Lutz, the Republican candi
date for Public Administrator, la a
worthy, honest and capable man.. He
served his country in the Civil War In a
commendable manner, jn the last Grand
Army Encampment he performed respon
sible duties and handled large sums of
money, accounting for every dollar in
business-like fashion.
Public Administrator.
My platform In this election is to do
the very best Z can for the improvement
of this city.
HENRY J. CaOCKEB.
REGISTRAR WALSH SPEAKS.
Gives Frank Advice to Voters of the
City.
Registrar Walsh last night made the
following statement for publication in
The Call:
"After deliberate reflection I have
reached the conclusion that a voter who
desires to vote a mixed ticket should not
stamp the circle at the head of any party
column, but should place the X after the
name of every candidate for whom he
desires to vote."
J n explanation of lhe foregoing the
Registrar says he reaches the conclusion
from the fact that it takes too much time
to educate the election officers Into in
tricacies of the new ballot law. If a vot
er desires to vote a straight ticket the X
should be placed inside the circle at the
head of hia party column."
Register AValsh estimates that the vote
to-morrow will approximate 57,000. It Is
noted that 12,000 sample ballots have been
returned to the registration office
The Call advises Republican voters to
vote the straight Republican ticket at
this election. The voting of a mixed ticket
may cause the loss of the Dallot.
The now ballot law Is somewhat cloudy.
The safe plan is to vote the ticket
straight. Stamp Inside the circle at the
head of the Republican co.umn.
"It is a positive fact that large numbers of
first class mechanics in San Francisco of
every trade will not work at the navy yard,
for the reason that they can get better wagea
and better treatment in this city, clear of
spotters and spies, where they can call their
souls their own. where they can stand for
their rights like men, and where the only
qualifications required In seeking employment
are faithful service and mechanical ability.
Therefore, It seems to me,, as a worklngman,
that the business Interests of this city — that
the Interests of the working .classes of this
city— demand that the transport work, or any
other work shall not be taken away from San
Francisco in the interests of Vallejo or any
other place. We should center all our forces
for the protection of the business Interests of
this city, and for the advancement and pros
perity of San Francisco and the working
classes." . ...
In answer io Mr A, D. Porter's resolutions
I furnished the following facts to the Trades
and Labor Council at Vallejo on July 12 190-.
I furnished them with a statement published
in the Vallejo Evening Chronicle of August 6,
1809, which stated that on that date Congress
man Metcalf State Senator Luchslnger and
Thomas McConnell were before the wages
board endeavoring to have the wages of ship
wrights raised to the standard of $0 per day,
which the wages board stated were unvarying
in San Francisco, where there was never
known to be more than one- class or snip
wrlghts. At Mare Island there are four classes
of shipwrights, with four scales of wages
ranging from $4 24. first class, to $2
class Senator Luchsinger furnished the
wages board with facts gathered from the em
ployers and business men of San Francisco,
which chowed that the wages paid the wo rk-
Ingmen at Mare Island were from 24 cents to
r,« cents per day less than the wages paid in
this city, and he stated that where there are
so many ratings In every trade it is difficult
to get first class men at Mare Island,
"in a statement Published in the } allejo
Vvenlnc- Chronicle -of July 10, 18w, It was
Sd that the wages paid the following
trades all of which have four classes, Js far
b^ow that which 13 paid by private firms, and
t hitmen m> elsewhere to work in preference to
etayC at*?he Navy-yard, and states that^nly
a 'ew days ago cards were sent out for ten
machinists. Jo wl\lch only five re«I»n*|a- ; The
trades mentioned Ve : Sparmakers and ship
wrights, blacksmiths, flange turners and heavy
foreers house Joiners, house carpenters, drill
ers! riveters, shipsmiths and shlpfltters and
blockmakers.
POOR WAGES AT YARD.
The Vallejo Times of July 18. 1890, state,
that a worklnRman receiving $3 per day in
San Francisco ia doinc better than a man a
tbe Navy-yard getting $3 75 per day, and [that
at the Navy-yard the men are compelled to
pay ?2 per month to the Mare Island Ferry
James McCudden stated aUm«t
in* of the Merchants' Association of \ allejo
hit work aV the Navy-yard is very unsteady
and that In forty years he never saw wages
so low. This statement was published in
the Vallfljo Jlorninx News of July 25, 18S*.
In a statement published in the Vallejo
Chronicle of September 17. 1809, It is stated
Sk? none but sSabs and rats will .accept & em
ployment at the Navy-yard. The Vallejo
Morons News tells us that "there can be no
effective denial of the a-sertion that
in San Francisco get greater wages than men
doing similar work on the yard.
The following resolution was passed by the
American Federation of Labor In annual con
vention assembled:
-Whereas. There Is a law In the United
States navy-yards which divides the various
trades and occupations into several ceases
and the power to class men is invested in the
foreman, as a result of which many first-class
men are classed as second and thlnl class,
and who must either accept the decision or
quit their Jobs, and believing that only first
class men should be employed in all depart
ments of construction and repair of united
States vessels, therefore be it
"Resolved, That the executive committee of
the American Federation of Labor is hereby
instructed to assist all unions to have said
laws amended so that there is only one class
under which men shall be employed at the
standard rate of wages."
Mr. Samuel Gorapcrs, president of the Ameri
can Federation of Labor, tells us that we insist
and bear in mind the fact that in aiding our
fellow workers in the Government employ wa
have no right to lose sight of or hazard the
Interests of the great body of workers em
ployed by individual companies or corpora
tions. But enough of this. Mr. Porter knows
those facts as well as I do; he also knows that
I could keep on stating them for the next
week. Where were you, Mr. Porter, when I
was fighting for the men at Mare Island? I
never saw you there. 1)0 you undertake to
tell the boiler-makers how they shall vote?
Mr. Porter, I have been well known to the
boiler-makers of this city for twenty years,
and they know that I was always their friend;
and I know, Mr. Porter, that the boiler-makers
are the best union men In this State and that
they were always on the firing line in all the
Iron workers' battles; and I know that they
will allow no men or set of men to tell them
how they shall vote, while you, Mr. Porter and
Mayor Ituef-Schmitz, were trying to force the
work out of this city to be done by scabs I
was helping the boiler-makers to get work. I
attended their meetings and helped them all I
could and I succeeded In getting employment
on the transports for a number of boiler-mak
ers from my own employer at that time, Mr.
Ben DalleruD, at the highest wages, shortest
hours and best treatment that boiler-makers
ever received in this city.
We want no anarchists here, Mr. Porter. The
workingmen of this city will not allow them
selves to be arrayed . as a class against their
employers, Mr. Porter, by you, Ruef-Schmitz
or any one else. The business men of this city
are all "right, Mr. Porter, and the working
men of this city are going to elect Henry J.
how lhey shall vote, while you, Mr. Porter, and
thereby inspire confidence in our employers,
the business men, and keep prosperity and
happiness among all the people, and keep in
San Francisco all the work we can get. To do
that the Republican party is the party for us,
and Henry J. Crocker Is the man. Respect
fully yours. • THOMAS McCONNELL,
President Water Front Henry J. Crocker Club.
Shows He Tried
to Favor Mare
Island.
REPUBLICAN MASS MEETINGS.
REPUBLICAN legions, inspired by the signs of victory at the polls to-morrow, will hold
two grand rallies to-night. As no hall large enough to accommodate the masses of inter
ested people could be engaged the campaign committee resolved to hold the demonstrations
in the open air. Two stands will be erected — one at Stockton and Post streets and one at Stockton
and Geary streets.
V A brilliant display of fireworks will enhance the attraction of the demonstrations. Five
minute speeches will be the rule. Speakers listed for the occasion are :
Henry T. Crocker, Horace Davis, Percy V. Long, John S. Partridge, George A. Knight,
Daniel A. Ryan, Julius Kahn, Jud C. Brusie, A'. Van der Naillen, C. B. Rode, Duncan McKinlay,
George H. Bahrs, E. S. Salomon, Harry Baehr, John E. McDougald, Maxwell McXutt, Marc An
thony, J. G. de Forrest, J. T. Nourse, C. M. P'ickert, D. J. Murphy, A. P. Van Duzer, Edmund
Tousgky, Merton C. Allen, Carey Van Fleet, E. Myron Wolf and James L. Gallagher.
Alert Republican Legions, Inspired by Bright
Signs of the Coming Victory,
Rally To- Night.
McConnell Again
Exposes Mayor
Schmitz.
STRIKES REDUCE
GOLD OUTPUT
Colorado's Production
Reduced $3,000,000
in Two Months.
Work in Ore Treatment Plant
Crippled by Labor
Disturbances.
The strike of the miners at Cripple
Creek, inaugurated to aid tho millmen.
virtually stopped shipments to mills and
smelters.' Now, howevev. cOOO non-union
miners are at work and ore is being hoist
ed and shipped for treatment. Tonnage
has fallen oft one-haif at Cripple Creek
and during the past two months a shrink
age of $3,000,000, mainly at Cripple. Creek,
has resulted. The October output was
43,500 tons, worth J1.U2.000.
COLORAIX) SPRINGS. Colo., N 0T L~
Colorado's gold production has been re
duced during the past two months J3.00O -
000 by strikes. The strike of the smelter
employes, followed by the sympathetic
strike of the millmen, which be^an early
in September, has greatly crippled the
work in ore treatment plants. These
plants are working now with full or only
partly limited forces and -the output Is
approaching normal.
Special Dispatch to The CW.
Announcement of the change was made
through circular letters to the customers
yesterday. The letters contained the or
der from the Milk-wagon Drivers' Union,
from which there is no appeal. Milk and
dairy companies are satisfied with the ar
rangement—in fact, it is part of an agree
ment between the union and the milk
dealers, as the late delivery of milk In
cold weather means a saving of about 23
per cent In the number of bottles broken
by the frost.
CHICAGO. Nov. 1.— Fresh milk and
cream for breakfast will be a luxury here
after, for the milk-wagon drivers' new
winter schedule coes into effect to-mor
row morning. This schedule prevents the
delivery of milk and cream before 8
o'clock a. m. between November 1, 1003.
and April 1, 1904, except on Sundays and
holidays.
NO MORE EARLY MILK.
Chicago Dairymen. Will Make No
Deliveries Before 8 A.M.
"WllUair Broderlck, the Democratic can
didate for Auditor, while in office in 1S37
allowed funds to be overdrawn so that
school teachers could not be paid. The
amounts due the teachers from Broder
ick's administration -were not paid until
Auditor Baehr came into office. Harry
Baehr is an Auditor that understands his
duties. He is one of the best men ever
elected to serve the people.
Candidate for Auditor.
Republican Campaign Committee Asks for
Honest Count of Ballots for
Every Candidate.
WARNING TO CITIZENS.
Continued From Page 6, Columns 6 and 7.
Union Labor Shows Its Independence
ALL citizens who want fair play are requested to assist in watching the count Tuesday night,
and especially in the early hours Wednesday morning."
All the Republicans want is an honest count; that every candidate on every ticket ge.ts
every vote cast for him — no more, no less.
To this end, all honest and law-abiding people are called upon to assist in watching the count,
and the Republican Campaign Committee has offered the following reward :
The Republican Campaign Committee offers a reward of Two Hundred and Fifty Dollars for
the arrest and conviction of any officer or clerk of election, or other person, who adds to or sub
tracts from the votes of any candidate, Republican or otherwise, or who aids in changing or de
stroying any poll list, or attempts to add to or mix with, the ballots polled, any other ballots, while
the same are being counted or canvassed, with the intent to change the result in any precinct, or
in any manner violates the election laws.
W. J.DUTTON,
ARTHUR G. FISK, Chairman Campaign Committee.
Secretary. JOHN S. PARTRIDGE,
DANIEL A. RYAN,
E. D. PEIXOTTO.
REPUBLICAN COLUMN, ANIMATED BY THE PROSPECTS OF A SWEEPING VICTORY
IN THE ELECTION TO-MORROW, TO HOLD TWO OPEN-AIR RALLIES TO-NIGHT
- . , ¦ •
THE 8AN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, NOVEMBER 2, 1903.
Continued From Page 6, Column 5.
EWELL DECLARES.
LOS ANGELES. Nov. 1. — Two highwaymen
held up and robbed Joseph F. Coppenhajcer. a
street car conductor, at Crocker and Fourth
streets at an early hour this morning. They
took $15 from him.
WASHINGTON; Nov. 1. — Former Lieutenant
Lewis O. Hamilton of tho army, who was in
dicted yesterday In San Francisco, charged
with fonrery and fraud, is In custody here,
having voluntarily surrendered himself several
weeks ago.
Special Dispatch to Tbe Call.
TACOMA, "Wash., Nov. L— Mayo Lake,
adjacent to the Stewart River in the Brit
ish Yukon, has its bottom lined with gold.
How to secure the golden riches is the
problem now confronting mining engineers
of tho Klondike.
Five rich gold-bearing: creeks are
drained into Mayo Lake. For centuries
they have been sweeping 1 their auriferous
deposits into its bottom. Strangely
enough, the lake is bottomless so far as
soundings have been made to ascertain its
depth. Its shores were prospected this
summer and found to contain gold in
paying quantities. Ledge and Steep
Creeks, on which rich pay dirt was struck
last summer and which are now yielding
good results, flow into Mayo Lake. Mln
to and Hlghat, two other rich creeks, flow
into Mayo Lake on the opposite side.
Ledge Creek forms a delta extending
into the lake a quarter of a mile. At the
farther end of the delta the accumulation
of grave land silt comes to an abrupt
termination. With almost a perpendicu
lar face it deflects Into a subaqueous
abvss. The gravel of the delta Is found
rich in gold.
These facts lead Neeland, the Canadian
Government Surveyor, and other engi
neers to conclude that untold riches He at
the bottom of the lake. Nevertheless,
the lake seems to He in a great caldron
or crater of such depth as to make gravity
drainage probably Impossible. It is much
deeper than Stewart River and could not
be carried off in that great natural artery.
Above towers a huge range of mountains
containing gold quartz ledges, from which
flow into the lake numerous auriferous
streams. The lake is twenty miles long
by one and a half to two and a half wide.
Soundings at the mouth of Ledge Creek
failed to find bottom after reaching a
depth of 900 feet.
The Ottawa government will be asked
to investigate, through some of Its best
engineers. Stewart River miners belleva
the lake's bottom would produce more
gold than the entire Klondike.
Ottawa Government Soon
May Seek the Precious
Deposits,
Auriferous Streams
Pour Into Mayo in
British Yukon.
GOLD IS HEAPED
IN A LAKE'S BED
7
POLITICAL CARDS.
HENRY J. CROCKER
Republican
Nominee
¦ *¦ J"tS m J^^TfcJl til 89 Em I 9 W 9m
For Sheriff
Peter J. Curtis
Chairman BtrMt Committee ot Present Bo>cd
of Supervisor*.
Democratic Nominee
Union Labor Party Nominee.
POLITICAL CARDS.
JFor Public Administrator!
William E. Lutz
| Republican Nominee [
For Tax Collector
Edward J.
SMITH .
1 - (INCUMBENT.)
Regular Republican Nominee
For Assessor:
DemocratiG Nominee. ,
For Sheriff
Henry H. Lynch
Rebublican NomineeMarriage Makes IVcalth.
BY FRANK A. VANDERLIP.
[Backer and cx-Asrlstar.t Secretary of the
Trearjry-3
Marriage is the best business investment
a man can mtke. "Preferred Matrimonial
Btock" has no quotation on 'change for
the reason that it is above all quotation.
"It is not good for man to be alone" for
a number of causes. But ¦well-nlch chief
of thesa is for his bank atcounfs sake.
Marriage has its sentimental, practical
jind expedient sides, but none of them can
far outweigh its business advantages. A
single man dfaws his salary on pay day,
cams a fee at law or medicines, or rak^s
in a Wail street pot. What does he do
with it? In rare instances he banks it.
.;. 4.
Good for Maine.
"Roy E. Fifleld of Stonington, Me., sent
us the following squash story," says a
Bansor oaoer. " 'I took seed from the
U] An Armenian was' arrested in Boston* a few days ago on
the extraordinary charge of political murder. Can it •be
possible that he is suspected of being in collusion with the
friends of Franklin K. Lane? "
• .-The gamblers of Portland were -fleeced the other day. by
a scoundrel slicker and shrewder than they.' It is well for
the hosts of righteousness to rise in acclamations of joy.
When one rascal cheats another the proceeding is like a
prize fight,. in which the public is gratified whichever, plug
ugly wins, and would be better, pleased if both were" battered
into decency. • .
Titled Monarch.
Emperor Francis Joseph of Austria Is
nine times King, twice a grand duke, once
a grand prince and the multitude of the
titles as count and so-f orth is past enu
meration.' 'In addition, as King of Hun
gary, he bears the title of "most aposto
lic," which is one of the four honors be
stowed by the Pope.— Baltimore American.
The American Consul weighted with the massive mission
of Uncle Sam's good fellowship and good will to King
Menelik has carried with him as tokens of our -friendship to
the Ethiopian stacks of modern firearms and implements of
agriculture. May the untutored mind of the great Menelik
have wisdom to know which we use for ornament and which
for service. . .
Rhodes in Bronze.
The government of Rhodesia will erect
at the World's Fair a statue to perpetuate
the memory of the late Cecil Rhodes, who
founded that flourishing British depen
dency. After the World's Fair the statue
will be removed from St. Louis and placed
In the public square in the city of Bula
way. The statue will be in bronze. Rho
desia will make a complete exhibit of all
her wonderful resources at the Louisiana
Purchase Exposition.
Mexico has been very kind in her act of comity in Te
turning to American custody and the jeopardy of de
served punishment Kratz, the St. Louis boodler. The
other side of the story Will be told when Mexico, confident
in the virtues of a fair exchange, asks Uncle Sam to smoke
out and return to her the horde of pestilential, petty ras
cals that cross our borders from the south.
j Parks, the shamelessly dishonest walking delegate of New
York who has the effrontery to say that he was not in the
business of blackmail and bribery for his health, will prob
ably find that while the climate of Sing Sing is not particu
larly beneficial to his physical health it may be extremely
advantageous to his moral well being. At all events his re
moval from the walks of honest men will be a distinct con
tribution to the health of the community.
Estimate of Champlain.
In Harper's Magazine for November
Henry Loomis Nelson gives a word-pic
ture of the career of Champlaln, the ex
plorer. Here Is his estimate of his char
acter:
"Champlaln Is one of the noblest char
acters of early American history. He was
one of the great navigators of a time
when a voyage across the Atlantic was
taken at the risk of life. He was a perse
vering and patient worked, a keen judge
of men and a careful and accurate ob
server. He was an excellent man of_busl
ness. He was enthusiastic and inspiring,
and had wonderful self-control. He was
devout and religious, but long experience
bred in him a philosophical Indifference
to theological disputes. He had no van
ity and was unselfish and self-sacrificing.
He was '• humane. He was possessed of
the mysticism and superstition of his
time; not so deeply, however, that he
could not meet with conquering ridicule
the deeper mysticism and the mere child
ish superstitions of his savage friends.
He was not only a good and courageous
navigator, but he was a brave and skill
ful soldier. Above all, he not only inspired
men with his enthusiasm, but invited
their confidence, from the Kins, nobles
and merchants of France to the savages
of the woods. In some degree, even as.it
was then given to Frencnmen to under
stand the art of politics, he was a states
man; he coutd settle disputes justly and
satisfactorily, and he could administer the
affairs of the community under bis charge
with the reculslte skill."
But for what? For a rainy day cr for old
ajre— two contineenc:ep that seen vagn?ly
distant to the normal workpr. and offer
few inducements for the, earning or the
amassing cf wealth.
Oftenrr mont-y slips through the s'.ngle
roan's lingers or vanishes into thin air.
*vT!iat becomes of it? He seldom asks.
As long as means for present necessities
or pleasure are fortlieomiiiK. why should
he look into the future? Why should he
expend brain and time on new schemes
¦which mieht brir.g additional, wealth?
. A percentage of the few sin.'fle men who
hoard money are misers. It is necessary
to have an object Cor which to lay up
¦wealth. They abnormally make wealth
.Its own object, and put by money in bank
or Investments that it may beget more
money. It becomes a life passion, filling
the place in the heart that should have
belonced to wife and child. The miser
one dav dies. Distant relatives bless the
day of his dtath; or charitable irsUtutions
name e. hospital ward in his honor.
The average single man is content to
earn a sufficiency. Hence his name com
paratively seldom figures as 0110 of the
world's pioneers of finance or Invention.
A glance at the list of to-day s magnates
• in business realms will prove this—Mor
pan, Whitney. Gates. Schwab, Russell
Sage, Gould, the Vandcrbilts. the Rocke
fellers—these and a countless throng of
c'ther leaders of the financial world — all
have married. They should form a fairly
strong argument apainst the claim that
poverty stalks at the hc-eis of matrimony;
that marriage chains a young man for life
to the wheels of ill-uaid routine.
In theory, the untrammeled young man
with no hungry mouths to feed, with no
expenses but his own support, with no do
mestic yoke to hold him to a Fafe job
when a richer but Yet* certain offer beck
nns—in theory. I say. this single man
should rise to untold heights of wealth
and power. But he does not. And fact
Is. as usual, ptronger than theory. ¦. *
The claim that a family is a drag and
not a Fpur on a man's energies 1* there
fore false.
There Is one class of singly man who
works harder and more successfully than
do his other sincle brethren, and lays by
money. He is the man who is "saving up
to -get married," and In no' other security
could he place his surplus earnings with
such certain knowledge of rich returns.
In the Treasury Department at Wash
ington there was a young man in whom
I took great Interest. I observed on sev
eral successive pay days he laid aside a
goodly share of his small wage.
."I work harder for this portion of my
pay," h$ said to me one day, "and enjoy
it more than all the rest of my salary put
together. You see. It's part of ti fund."
"For the paying off of a mortgage on
your parents' home, perhaps?" I haz
arded.
"No, sir/' with a happy but somewhat
embarrassed little laugh. "A fund for my
wife." . »
"For vour wife!" I echoed. "But I
thought you weren't married!"
"I'm not." he replied. "But I shall be
gome day. And I dont mean to start my
wedded life penniless. When I meet a
woman whom I wish for a wife I don't
want to have to ask her to share a nest
that isn't at least partly lined with
prc-rnhacks." 9K3*(
He had hit upon the true philosophy.
When an improvident boy with $8 a week
and nothing laid by marries an equally
Improvident girl, poverty is a certain se
quel, and wiseacres ehake their heads and
croak:
You may carve It on his tombstone, you may
cut It on his card.
That, "a younsr man married Is a young: man
marred."
Now ttat Improvident young: man
Al.'TKOIl OF THE BRIGHT
SKETCH ON MATRIMONY'S
ADVANTAGES.
The Dead Speak.
Police Officer Tommie Naylor walked
Into an undertaking parlor down near the
water front, where all that was earthly
of old Michael Brannigan rested tempor
arily. The friends of his halcyon days on
this earth had assembled to do honor to
his memory by holding a wake. Around
the room was seated a motley throng of
men, women and even little children.
The silence was awesome.
Officer Xaylor walked up to the bier
and removed his helmet.
"It's sorry I am to see you in such a
tight box, Michael, old man," said Xay
lor.
"Sorra the day that ye'll be gettin* there
yoursilf." came in a muffled voice ..from
the coffin.
The stampede of the mourners was fear
ful. Lower Broadway looked as if a gen
eral alarm for fire had been rung in. It
cost the proprietor of the undertaking
shop Just $14 30 for general repairs.
And Xaylor is thinking of getting a
position at a theater as a ventriloquist.
Uses of Compressed Air.
BY MAL/COLM M'DOWELX,.
(Author cf "Shop Talk on the Wonders of the
Craft")
Just now the wires and pipes are fight
ing each other. Electricity and com
pressed air are keen rivals for supremacy
In the industrial field, and the "rooters"
for the condensed atmosphere are jubi
lantly declaring: that compressed air has
scored the .most points. ,
They exclaim, "Without compressed air
there would be- no automobiles, for. thi
horseless vehicles cannot run without
pneumatic tires.- Were it not for com
pressed air railroad trains would be
obliged to crawl along at - twelve miles
an hour, for fast trains require the safety
and control of automatic air brakes.
"We admit that the electrical current
is superior to compressed- air in the mat
ter of operating trolley cars and trans
mitting power over long distances, but in
ether things mechanical and operative,
where the two jare competitors, com
pressed air has its frisky rival beaten."
All the claims of the compressed air
men are not based on facts, but it is
unquestionably true that in almost every
machine shop, foundry, stone cutting es
tablishment, railroad shop, naval yard,
quarry, mine, boiler shop and industrial
plant of any importance in this country
one can hear the clicking and snapping
of air compressor valves and the trem
ulous noise of . the pneumatic tools.
Pneumatic tools are operated by air
which has been compressed until, in its
effort to break through Its metal bounds,
it exerts a pressure as high, sometimes,
as 3000 pounds to the square inch. The or
dinary working pressure, however, varies
from forty to one hundred pounds. When
It Is compressed to this degree, air is a
vivacious, mobile and exceedingly elastic
spring. It is quite easy to comprehend
the marvelous flexibility and wonderful
responsiveness of this aerial spring when
one watches the chisel point of a pneu
matic hammer in the hands of a stone
worker and is told that the hammer is
making sixty strokes every time the clock
ticks— 3600 blows a minute. The blows are
so rapid they cannot be distinguished.
They sing a trembling note, but there is
no sound of successive blows.
Some of these pneumatic hammers 'ook
like monstrous revolvers, for they have
pistol grips with which the workmen
steady the tools. A flexible rubber pipe,
screwed onto the cylinder of the hammer,
leads to the supply main which runs back
to the reservoir or air receiver. In this re
ceiver the air is stored up by the air
compressor, which is . operated by steam
direct or by a belt from a stationary en
gine or gasoline motor. The compressor
is a force pump, which sucks the air in
with one stroke of its piston and Jams
it into the receiver on the return stroke.
Suitable check valves prevent the air from
popping back from the receiver to the
compressor cylinder, ; so that every stroke
of the compressor's piston makes the air
more compact until the desired pressure
is reached and held.
" That which makes compressed air pop
ular with men of the crafts Is the fact
that It operates hand tools. The pneu
matic hammer Is hammer and tool in
one. In its barrel-shaped casing Is con
tained a little air engine with cylinder,
piston, -»iston rod, slide valve, exhaust
valve, throttle and packing. The piston
rod holds the tool and the blows are de
livered ty its in-and-out movements.
A pneumatic hammer, used for, driving
rivets an inch and a quarter in diameter,
weighs about twenty-five pounds, strikes
620 blows a minute and uses up twenty
five cubic feet of free air a minute. The
hammer used by sculptors and stone
workers for carving is eight inches long,
weighs three and a half pounds, strikes
3GC0 blows a minute, using five cubic feet
of free air doing It The big riveting ham
mer has a etroke nine inches long. The
little pistol . grip stone hammer has a
striking movement of but half an inch.
The riveting hammers work under a pres
sure of 100 pounds to the square inch; the
little stone hammers use air sixty to
sixty-five pounds pressure.
I.i a recent test an air drill bored fifty
four holes flfteen-sfxteenths of an inch
in diameter through three-quarter-inch
steel boiler plate in one hour and ten
minutes. This same work by. hand would
take eig.** and one-half hours.
Pneumatic tools are used for heavy
and light, cutting and riveting, for dress
ing granite and other building stone, for
carving marble, chipping metal, cleaning
castings and, in short, for. doing anything
that can be done by a man with a ham
mer, "and "^Uoing It better.'? V f - " i j..V-"- :
THERE was some improvement in trade conditions
last week, and the depression ivhich marked . the
preceding two or three weeks appeared considerably
modified. Cooler weather stimulated retail trade, and the
jobbers reported more movement, chiefly in winter clothing
goods, such as woolens, footwear,' etc. Industrial activity
is also reported improving, many plants lately idle an
nouncing a resumption to-day. The Eastern wholesalers
and jobbers likewise send in more encouraging statements
of the condition of trade in that region, while in the West
and Northwest the crops are moving much more -freely,
and this has communicated a perceptible animation to col
¦iectioOT, which h|v|Vr^tt^fere i lagged. The textile mills
I still report business lagging somewhat, though their reports
j are more reassuring than for some -Weeks .back.
The condition* seems to be that the fall trade, is at. last
fairly under way, and that the recent dullness was largely
caused by the backwardness of this autumnal movement,
rather than by any intrinsic decrease in business. " If this
be the case business ought to improve from now on. The
j bank clearings emphasize these more cheerful reports, as
! the decrease last week, compared with the - corresponding
week last year, was only 12 per cent, with the majority of
the leading cities on the right side of the exhibit, instead
i of the wrong side, as heretofore." New York shows a loss
of 21.5 per cent, though that is undoubtedly caused by
the sharp falling off in the volume of stock speculation
and in the decreased valuation of stocks.
The shrinkage in trading in Wall street was pronounced
last week. On. Friday the volume of business was -only
168,500 shares, the smallest day's business of the year.
There was not much inclination to operate on either side,
J both buyers and sellers appearing indifferent. Values of
j shares weakened, owing to a rise in the rates for call loans,
I caused by shipments of funds to Chicago, New Orleans and
I St. Louis, the remittances to the two former cities being to
move the crops, and those to the latter city being to fur
nish ready funds to sustain the financial market there, as
well as to supply the cash for the crop movement. St.
Louis was more or less disturbed by a run on several
banks, but, as in the case of Baltimore during the preceding
week, the disturbance was shortlived and immediately
checked by the announcement of the institutions concerned
that they had plenty of funds to meet all demands. It is
noteworthy in this connection that whenever the banks
of any city find themselves in a temporary corner and de
ranged by the sudden demands of depositors, the great
financial interests of New York at once rush the necessary
cash to that city and thus relieve the stringency. This is
an excellent plan, as ' it ' immediately checks the panicky
feeling and restores confidence. It is quite a modern pro
ceeding and on the improved lines of current financiering,
and saves many a tottering institution, to say nothing of
restoring public confidence.
Wall street itself is a tame place at present. It is
thought that the excessive liquidation of the past year has
been practically completed, as current liquidation is mo
mentary, being confined to a single day, and then on a
much smaller scale than heretofore. The election excite
ment, too, has affected trading more or less, as all lines of
business, both legitimate and speculative, always languish
just before elections. As the country will have a Presidential
election next year we may therefore expect more or less
dullness from now on, especially if there be much talk of
possible tariff legislation.
• There is not much new to report in the staples. • Quota
tions a're not fluctuating much at present, and while the gen
eral tendency in prices is toward a lower level, as already,
mentioned, it is so gradual and smooth that it is almost im
perceptible. The iron and steel market,' which is generally
considered one of the best barometers to trade, is quiet;
but there is ho further decline to report, though there is
no longer any rush to order goods ahead, and the cash
buying is restricted to the immediate needs of the pur
chaser. The labor situation continues unsettled, restricting
building operations more or less everywhere/ though it is
not as acute as for some months back.
• Briefly, trade conditions show a perceptible improvement,
and there is much less pessimism abroad, while the feeling
that prosperity is still to prevail for some time to come
seems to be increasing.
FROM recent outgivings it is apparent that Russia pro
poses to dispute the sovereignty of China over Man
churia. This will be presented iii such form as to
attack the interests of the United States, by denying China's
right to make with us a commercial treaty opening the
Manchurian ports of Moukden and Antung to our trade.
If China's sovereignty over the province of Manchuria is
complete and unimpaired, it is her right to make that treaty.
No doubt if Russia had only China to deal with, she could
bully her claim to success. But she has to deal with the
United States. That Russia has no Sovereignty over Man
churia, cognizable by the law of nations, is evident. She
joined the other Western powers, \. including the United
States, in occupying parts of China for a base, while the
united armies . marched t upon Peking .' to rescue the im
prisoned legations of the nations, they represented. That
was at that time the sole reason and Excuse for the presence
of a single Russian soldier south of the Yalu River. When
the legations had been rescued, and Peking had been made
safe -for the return of the Emperor and the Empress
Dowager, who had fled to the . south, the representatives
of the powers, including Russia, agreed to evacuate the
territory they had occupied for the temporary purpose that
had been accomplished. They all kept this agreement ex
cept Russia. She stayed in Manchuria and greatly increased
her military force in that province. The purpose of this
became apparent when she presented to* Li Hung Chang
a treaty to sign, which practically dismembered the Chinese
Empire. The Russian army was there to coerce China
into such a treaty. Li refused, and the representatives of
Russia brutally invaded his bed chamber and kept up their
threats and importunities around his death bed, but the
stout old man would not purchase a peaceful death by
surrendering his country's sovereignty over Manchuria.
Then followed another promise to the Western powers
that Russia would keep her word and leave Manchuria, at
a date, fixed. This new probation was used in trying to
enforce upon China the extraordinary demands of last
spring, about which the Russian Foreign Office did the worst
point blank lying ever known in civilized diplomacy. After
she failed she fixed the 8th of October to keep her word
and evacuate. That date is gone by a fortnight, and instead
of sending troops out of the province she has sent more
in and has reoccupied Moukden and Antung, and denies
China's right to open those ports to our trade. Our new
treaty awaits ratification by the Senate. As soon as rati
fications are exchanged an American merchant ship should
be cleared for Moukden, convoyed by a fleet of our war
ships. If she is refused entry to Moukden, by Russia, con
clusions should be tried at once. Our executive recognizes
the sovereignty of China over Manchuria, and we should
not permit for a moment the attempt by Russia to abridge
our right to treat with that sovereignty.
MORE CHEERFUL ASPECT TO TRADE/
IS RUSSIA PARAMOUNT?
An American Citizen.
A gang of longshoremen, having com
pleted their noonday meal, were engaged
In an argument respecting the patriotism
of Americans who had emigrated to this
country from foreign lands. A Swede and
a German outvoiced j the others, and
finally took the center of the stage while
the others listened.
"It is the Chermans who make the best
citizens," said the one.
The other protested vigorously.
"Vat recht have you to talk," shouted
the Teuton "ven you have nit been na
tionalized?" . ¦ , ..
"Bud I vode on election days," replied
the Scandinavian.- • -.--,
"Dot 1st der vay mlt you frauds," was
the roof-raifing response, "but I vill bet
four bits dot you don'd know der Ameri
can national tune shust der same."
The Swede dug into his jeans and pro
duced four dimes. The size of the wager
was diminished to the required pro
portions and the coin was placed In the
hands of the foreman.
"Now begin dot tune," said the German,
with an expansive smile of confidence.
His adversary arose from the plank on
which he had been reclining and, with
arms akimbo, roared: "Ven dose belts
go ting-gerling-gerling, all shoin— " but
the Teuton stopped him mournfully with:
"Das 1st rccht. I did nit tlnk you
knowed it. Give him der eighty cents,
Mr. Boss: he vlns."
squash ralseoV this year, scratched my
name upon it and planted it. The result
was a healthy vine, bearing a six and a
quarter pound squash, upon the surface
of which my name appeared, clearly out
lined. It was a Southern squash. This
story has been awarded the annual gold
medal for sauash stories. The competi
tion has now closed."
"Whereupon ..ie French captain sent a
boat aboard the steamer flying the cres
cent to explain to her commander that
he was about 500 miles off his course and
to instruct him how to regain It."
The Philadelphia Ledger has the fol
lowing story to tell about Turkish sea
manship:
"The Turk as a seaman fs a» amusing
as he is terrible as a soldier. For every
story of Macedonian outrage by a bashl
bazouk. one about the funny antics of
his seafaring brother in Islam can be told.
"A story that has become a classic
among Mediterranean sailors illustrates
the Turk's inability as a navigator.
"A Turkish steamer with a native cap
tain put out of the Dardanelles, -bound
for Trieste. Austria. As soon as he lost
sight of land the Turkish skipper likewise
lost his bearings.
"Just then another steamer came up
from astern and the Turk made signals
that he wished to speak with the stran
ger. The latter, on approaching, proved
to be a French tramp.
" 'Where are you bound for?* asked the
Turk.
" 'Brest,' returned the Frenchman.
"Tha Turk asked no more questions and
allowed the Frenchman to go ahead. The
next morning the" French captain noticed
that the Turk was astern and following
in his wake. When the second morning
he still found the Turk in his wake hia
surprise grew. On the third day it was
the same, and so on the fourth— the
French captain always made out that
Turkish steamer coming up astern.
"On the fifth day he let the Turk over
haul him and asked for an explanation.
By this time they were well down the
Mediterranean toward the French coast.
" 'Why do you keep so close astern of
me?' roared the French captain through
a megaphone.
" 'I am following you to Trieste.* an
swered the Turk.
Turkish Seamanship.
"The Infanta is not only the eldest sis
ter of the young King, but. likewise, the
next heir to his crown, and in the even:
of her death her little boy. now 2 years
old, would become heir apparent and the
successor of his uncle. Don Alfonso, as
King of Spain, should the present mon
arch die unmarried. Nothing could possi
bly be more fatal to the throne than an
other long minority, during which the
de facto, if not the de jure, regent would
be, to all intents and purposes, the boy's
father, the Prince Consort of the Aslu
rias, who, owing to the unfortunate fact
that he is a scion of that Neapolitan
branch of the Bourbons which is identi
fied with everything that is reactionary
and anti-liberal, is exceedingly unpopular
among the Spanish people, who are sol
strongly prejudiced against him, that the\»
do not hesitate to ascribe to his influence
upon his brother-in-law, the young King,
every objectionable measure of the Gov
ernment."
Says the Marquis de Fontenoy:
."Very little attention has been given
by the press in this country to the se
rious accident to the Princess of the As
turias, who, while riding in an automo
bile with her brother-in-law, the Duke of
Calabria, the other day In the neighbor
hood of Munich, was upset into a ditch
and sustained injuries sufficiently severa
to cause concussion of the brain, which
for forty-eight hours placed her life \i\
danger. She is now on the road to recov
ery. But had she succumbed the positk-n
of the present dynasty on the throne of
Spain would have been imperiled.
Peril of a Dynasty.
And so the censer slowly swings
While fields and woods are faJlr.gr.
And memories of Summer brings
When day to night Is shading.
The burning leaves with spicy smoke
Join with the breezes sighing
Through golden beech and reddened oak,
"The good ol<1 year is dying."
— W. D. Nesblt. Chicago Tribune.
The tan* of It Is wondrous sweet-
It Is with Summer scented;
It holdt> the rustle of the wheat
Through days glad and contented;
It has a whisper of the rose.
And apple blossom's savor.
And June days with their lazy dozs
Where grasses lent a flavor.
A censer heaped with Autumn leaves
From green to crimson turning—
The vapor a weird pattern weaves
The while the leaves are burning.
In airy arabesque It sways
While twilight shades are glooming.
And all the shadow and the haze
The incense is perfumlnff.
A subtle Incense fills the air
And mlnglea with the gighlnR
Of breezes that this message hour:
"The good old year to dying."
The creeping, dull October haze
Grows slowly, surely denser.
And through the closing of the days
' There swings a smoking censer. -
Autumn's Incense.
"And now," whispered the lover as he
caught her In his arms, "what shall we
do about the rope ladder? We shouldn't
leave It hancins: there."
"Don't worry about It." replied the elop
ing damsel. "Papa said he'd pull It up
again ao we couldn't get back."—Phila
delphia Press.
The former Boer generals. Dewet, Both*
and Delarey, are about to visit India la
order to persuade the Boer lrreccndla
bles there to take the oath of allegiance*
Few of these prisoners are now left la
the various camps. In Ceylon, for in
stance, there are only five, and It was re
cently suggested in India that the time
had come to repatriate them all and keep
them In some form of confinement in
South Africa until they took the oath/—
Baltimore American. ;«fy$gj
Stubborn Prisoners.
Townsend's California glace fruits and
candles, 60c a pound, in arUstlc flre
etched boxes. A nice^present for Eastern
friends. 715 Market st, above Call bid*. •
Special Information supplied 4*K\y to
business houses and public men by tha
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 230 Call*
fornla street. Telephone Mala i(HI. •
EVERY business man, employer and working man in San Francisco knows that the industrial
future of this city is to be profoundly, affectedv by the election of MayorV The taxpayers
have voted to endow schoolhouses, parks and other public concerns, with nearly $18,000,000,
the expenditure of which is to be inaugurated and its ultimate benefit to be determined by
the manner in which the Mayor elected to-morrow will use his power and by the degree of business
experience and personal integrity he will bring to the discharge of his duty. Bring the situation home
to yourself, you voter who reads' this. Suppose that you had $18,000,000 of your own money to invest
for the improvement of your.personal estate and fortunes., and were seeking guidance and counsel in
doing it, and your choice were limited to Schmitz, Lane and Crocker, which would you choose? You
know perfectly well that, granting their integrity to be equal, you would choose the business man,
Crocker, and would do it not intending any reflection upon the character of the others.
Diminish the sum to be invested down to the share of the $18,000,000 which every taxpayer
must invest through the tax on his property, and whether the share be tens, or hundreds, or thou
sands of dollars, his decision would be the same. From this view of it no thoughtful man can escape.
If a voter make choice uninfluenced by that view, then he is controlled by sentiments that are, not cen
tered in the public welfare. He is influenced by considerations of class, of partisanship, the hope of
personal aggrandizement, or by prejudice. If the question were put . to any audience that listens to
Schmitz or Lane, all who are influenced by proper civil motives would shout their preference for
Crocker as agent and adviser in such a purely business transaction. Mr. Lane for some time, and
Mayor Schmitz for a shorter time, have lived on politics. Mr. Crocker never had and will never
have to. His living has been made in business pursuits and what he has, which lifts him above any
sordid motive in public life, was accumulated by his own exertions. It was won in fair business. He
has no dollar that belongs justly to another.
The testimony comes from all the wide borders of the State that his expert business faculty has
benefited his fellow citizen. He has not been a selfish accumulator, disregarding the rights of others.
The grapegrowers look at this contest from their far vineyards^ and send to their fellow citizens of this
city Their warm approval of Mr. Crocker, because he organized their industry, saveel it from destruc
tion and put the profit into their hands, which had earned it. Has anybody heard of any business
achievement of that kind by either Schmitz or Lane? No. They are politicians, good politicians no
doubt, but they are occupied in pointing with pride to themselves and viewing each other with alarm,
and have made no record of action beneficial to business or to the interests of others.
To vote for either is to throw away a ballot, if the man who casts it have a just idea of the
purpose for which a May:* is elected. To vote for Lane is folly, for it is a vote to strengthen Schmitz,
and the Mayor stands condemned by those who were partisans of his first candidacy. Every man's
civic dutv is laid upon his conscience as aliigh duty, or should be, and" he may discharge it well to
morrow by selecting a Mayor just as he would choose a man for adviser in his personal business.
would have been quite as badly "marred"
single as wedded. Marriage made no dif
ference. •
The man who is married has something
tangible for which to save his money. It
may be only a pair of drawing-room cur
tains, or a new dining-room table, or It
may be a house of his own and a compe
tence to insure the woman and children
he loves from financial distress In case of
his death. This last named Incentive Is
one of the strongest In the world, and, I
think, one of the holiest.
It leads the erstwhile spendthrift to
economize. And on economy rests the
whole structure of wealth. It makes him
no more content with the salary that once
seemed ample, but nerves him to harder
work, to new lines of enterprises. And
on hard work and enterprise are reared
every improvement and every invention
the world has ever known.
The average man must have some par
ticular object for which to save money.
(Just as the schoolboy seldom lays by
part of his weekly allowance unless for
me purpoBe of buying some article dear to
youthful hearts.) And what object so
real and eo desirable as the happiness and
well-being of thope. he loves?
Your eccentric "flower-to-flower" man is
seldom a success in life. Nothing so quick
ly tones down these tendencies and
steadies a man's every effort as does mat
rimony.
Many a man has been drawn Into
drunkenness and other dissipations for
which he had no natural bent simply be
cause he was lonely. Such men do not
make good financiers. Marriage, by re
moving the cause, removes the disease,
and the erstwhile man about town be
comes at test of real use in the business
community.
• • •
The little home, the woman in whose
pure eyes he is a hero and can no no
wrong, the children whose joyous shout
answers th<» click of his latchkey In the
door— if these do not form a trinity of in
centives to bring out all that Is best in a
busimss man. then nothing short of a
miracle from on high could urge him on.
This same trinity do more to save the
Integrity of business houses than do all
the lr.ws and Dolice forces and prisons
ever created. Where the single man may
fall into financial temptation, the married
man will think twice before he brings
shame on the woman who adores him and
disgrace on the children who look on him
as a god. The statistics showing the vast
preponderance of single over married
men In prisons will substantiate this.
In days, too. of hardships and ill for
tune such vicissitudes are robbed of half
their sting when shared or soothed by a
good woman.
Marry. It is the best business invest
ment that has ever come within my ex
perience.
Judge Hoffman's Rebuke.
"I don't suppose that any of you boys
remember old Judge Hoffman of the
United States Circuit Court." said an ex
balliff of the court the other day while he
was eating lunch with a number of young
lawyers^ "Well, he was a fine old man.
but he occasionally lost his temper, and
when he did he usually said something
that would make the unfortunate lawyer
who aroused his -ire feel pretty cheap.
"The incident I am about to relate hap
pened quite a few years before the Judge's
death. I was the bailiff of the court at
the time. One morning there was a case
up for argument The lawyer for the
plaintiff was a bright young fellow who
knew hia business. He also knew the
Judge, and in presenting his authorities
he did not occupy any more time than
was absolutely necessary* The opposing
counsel was a much older man, and, by
the way, he is still practicing, but be was
not very well acquainted with Judge Hoff
man, and because of this lack of knowl
edge he brought upon himself one of the
sharpest rebuffs I ever heard the Judge
hand out.
"In offering his authorities the older
lawyer did not follow the example set
him by his young opponent, but made a
lengthy talk on each point of reference.
He had auite a number, and In conse
quence a case which snould have been
submitted In about twenty minutes occu
pied the entire morning. The Judge was
twisting about in his seat during the en
tire proceeding and I could see that some
thing was about due.
• "It came when a jackass, which every
day about noon used to wake the echoes
in the neighborhood, commenced to bray.
The Judge then stood up. 'Mr. Bailiff."
said the Judge, 'there is an unequal con
test going on here. Bring that jackass In
here or put this one out.' "
DON'T WASTE VOTES.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, NOVEMBER 2, 1903.
THE SAN FRAN CISCO GALL
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor . . .>-. ... . . Address All Commaniations to JOHN McNAUGHT, Manager
Publication Office .'.... <jg|piinlfe> Third and Market Streets, S. F.
MO ND AY ....'. ..'..'.. .,..'.. NOVEMBER 2, 1903
8
INSTRUCTIVE STUDIES
BY NOTED MEN AND
WOMEN
TALK OF THE TOWN
AND TOPICS OF THE
TIMESPUEBLO. Colo.. Nov. 1.— N. Archutela and
hla partner, Rmanuel Gomez, charged with
having- received wire stolen from Indian reser
vations in New Mexico, have been acquitted
after trial by Judge Uallet In the United States
District Court.
The old original Indian Basket Store,
638 Post St., cor. Jones, selling out at cost
Examine our stock before buying. >"•./
William Kenney, George Evans and
some other men were in a saloon yester
day at the corner of Fourth and Tehama
streets, when Kenney claims to have gone
into a back room, followed by . Evans,
who. he alleges, robbed him of ( $6. Pa
trolmen Mitchell and Ruggles arrested
Evans and charged him with grand lar
ceny. <•"":',•
Charged With Grand Larceny.
Dr. H. C. Foster of Corning la at the
Grand.
E. H. Cox, a banker of Madera, Is at
the Palace.
L. J. Rose Jr., capitalist, of Oxnard, is
at the Palace.
Dr. W. L. Wood and family of Portland
are at the Occidental.
State Senator Thomas Flint of San Juan
is registered at the Palace.
Thomaa B. Dosier. an- attorney and min
ing man of Redding, is at the Palace.
Thomas H. Williams, president of the
New California Jockey Club, returned
from the East yesterday.
. J." H. Brent, the well-known mining
man, who has been abroad for nearly a
year, returned to this city yesterday and
is registered at the Palace
Henry J. Crocker Is a man of th«
people, able, experienced and honest; he
is above the Influence of patty politics
and is ambitions to win for himself the
enoomlnms of his fellow citizens by an
administration in strict adherence to the
provisions of the Charter and of sound
business Judgment.
CEOCEEE WOBXZirOMSV'S I.EAOOTE2.
PEKSONAL MENTION.
SANTIAGO. Cuba. Nov. 1.— At a. meeting of
the Chamber of Commerce held yesterday,
resolution* of protest aicainst the staror> tax.
which went Into operation to-day, were adopted
and forwarded to President Palma.
A female infant not more than two day*
old was found at 8 o'clock yesterday
morning on the doorstep of a nursery for
homeless children at 1534 Mission street.
The little one was wrapped up in cloth-
Ing- of a texture which might indicate that
the mother who had deserted her was in
very humble -circumstances.
Policeman J. A. Feeney was notified of
the discovery of the little tot and she
was tenderly carried to the Central Emer
gency Hospital, where she was given in
charge of the matron, who gave her
every care and attention.
Little Tot of Two Days Old Is Left
to the. Mercy of
Strangers.
FINDS INFANT GIRL ON
DOORSTEP OF NITRSERY
the gospel. He confined himself to a re
view of the crowth of the archdiocese
during the fifty years since its founda
tion. He told how the church had pro
gressed in numbers from 30,000 to 350,00)
and said that in all the great State of
California there was no hamlet so remote,
no mining camp so Inaccessible that the
PRIESTS AND PRELATES WHO
PARTICIPATED IN GOLDEN
JUBILEE CEREMONIES.
The trio then proceeded to take in the
sights and In their wanderings visited
the Fourth-street Exchange. Colburn
states that they had several drinks In the
establishment and that one of his friends
put cigar ashes In his beer, which caused
him to become drowsy and he fell asleep
in a- rear room. In the morning, upon
awaking, he found that his pockets had
been rifled of J1S0, Twenty dollars In his
hip pocket was overlooked. Colburn re
ported the theft to Patrolman Mitchell
and also to the detective bureau and an
investigation Is belns made. -
Peter Colburn. a San Jose rancher, has
reported to the police that he was robbed
of $180 In a Fourth-street saloon on Sat
urday night, but Is unable to give any
clew that will lead to the apprehension of
the thieves. Colburn, who Is employed by
Peter Peterson on a ranch thr5e miles
from San Jose, came to this city Friday
afternoon with $200 in his possession.
Saturday night, while standing at the
corner of Seventh and Market streets, lis
tening to a speech by one of the candi
dates, he met two friends, also from San
Jose.
Peter Colburn, a Rancher From San
Jose, Claims He Was
Robbed of $180.
Many priests, visiting and resident, sat
In the sanctuary and witnessed the ser
vice. The chief local dignitaries of the
Catholic church— Archbishop Riordan and
his coadjutor. Archbishop Montgomery
dressed in full episcopal vestments, were
present at the ceremony, although taking
FALLS ASLEEP IN SALOON
AND LOSES A LAKOE SUM
MANY PKIESTS ATTEND.
mums, the white marble of the altar
gleaming out beautifully from the mass
of gold, From the celling depended masses
of smilajt. mingling artistically with the
yellow blossoms.
The vast edifice was packed with well
dressed men and women in dainty gowns.
Lights wore everywhere and the scene
was one of unparalleled splendor. Many
were unable to gain admittance to the
church and thronged the steps, anxiously
crowding to the doors for n. glance at the
beautiful scene Inside and hanging on
the strains of melody that floated out dur
ing, the service.
At St. Ignatius Church an elaborate
dlspiay of flowers was made. The altar
and sanctuary were fairly buried under
masses of yellow chrysanthemums. Sol
emn high mass was celebrated and
Father Woods preached the sermon. In
the evening benediction of the blessed
sacrament was held and tne **Te Deum"
was 6ung. Father Mahoney delivered an
address on the progress of the archdio
cese during the last fifty years. -
At St. Francis Church Rev. Fath«r Ca
raher celebrated high mass and preached
a sermon, congratulating his parishioners
on the growth of the archdiocese during
the fifty years. The church was beauti
fully decorated with flowers and the mu
sic was excellent.
Special services were held in all the
other Catholic churches of the city and
unusual decorations in the way of yellow
flowers, typifying the golden Jubilee, were
adopted. '
Father M. P. Smith and the music was
under the direction of Miss Marl* Gior
gini. A dementod woman created some
thing of a sensation by trying to mount
the altar durlns the service. She was
prevailed upon to leave ciuietly by the
ushers.
PHILADELPHIA. Nov. l.-The large
rj«Xrt of the Avil Printing Company. In
West Philadelphia, was destroyed by fire
tn-nipht and much surrounding property
,rtamasre<l. The Avil building fronted on
Market street and extended hack to Fil
fc*t-T Ftreet. The entire place was de-
Ftroyed. entailir.tr a loss estimated at $2n0._
tf*i. Surrounding property was damaged
tr th" extent of upward of Sl'KUXX).
Eastern Printing Plant Lost.
Coney Island Gardens, the new revert'
near the Cliff House, was visited by rrear
ly 5000 people yesterday afternoon. ThQ
event of the day was a four-round bout
between Bob Fitzsimmor.s «nJ Joe Ken
nedy. The sparring was quicK and clever
and was much enjoyed by the spectators.
Previous to this a vaudeville programm"
was rendered. It was ;t sort of an ama
teur day and th* efforts of the artist3
amused more than first-class acts.
On next Sundav A. L. Mldg!»-y and R.
A. Fish will present Fernar.do's cele
brated bicycle ride and dive for life for
the first time it has even neen seen on
the Pacific Coast. The rider starts from
a platform sixty-five feet above the
ground, rides downward at th«» rate of
eighty miles an hour on % three-foot path
for a distance of 196 feet, and coming to
the «nd. discards his wheel and dives
Into a tank of water. ICO feet away. The
act is claimed to be the most dartns be
fore the, American public and It is satd
that every time it Is attempted the rider
shakes dice with death.
BOB FITZSIMMONS SPARS
AT CONEY ISLAND GARDEN
Daring Feats Will Be on the Pro
gramme for Next
Sunday.
r . I pledge my»elf that if elected X will
fee the Mayor of all the people of San
• Trsnclsco.
HE2TBT J. CaOCKEB.
Receiver Smith then relates at length
how the shipbuilding directors accepted
the offer, increased the capital stock.
mortgaged the plants and delivered the
stock to Young. The receiver continues:
It appears that, with th« exception of the
Unicn Iron Works, the subsidiary companies,
taken together, had absolutely no working cap
lt&l: but. on the contrary, their liabilities ex
ceeded their r*»ourc«8 In the turn of $294,
718 83.
The following- was the rendition of these
companies at the time of their purchase:
Deficit — Bath Iron Works. $3518 74; Cres
cent Shipyard Company, $403,192 25: Harlan &
Hollinirtworth Co.. J73.«13 44: S, T. Moore. &
Sons' Company, f5C$9 27- total, I4S5.CC3 73.
Surplus— Eastern Shipbuilding Company. $1.
310 34: Hyde Windlass Company, $1S5,4S3 Ob;
total S1&O.844 40.
Net deficit, being- the excess of liabilities
over assets. 9294.71& 33.
The Union Iron Works, It was found,
had a working capital of J2.213.150.
As the principal part of the alleged
working capital mentioned was confined
to the Union Iron Works, he concluded:
It will appear that, to far as the remaining
companies ar« concerned, when taken over by
the United fctates Shipbuilding Company they
not only had no working capital, taken collect
ively, but were In Immediate need of financial
AsslcUnc*.
Frcm the foregoing facts it appear* to have
been the intention of those responsible for the
statements and fig-urea alleged to have been
relied upon to mislead and deceive the Invest-
In* public and the then present and future
creditor* of the company.
Receiver Smith then quotes from the
In connection with the purchase of the
stock of the Union Iron Works of San
Francisco Henry T. Scott and Irving M.
Scott were to agree to enter into a con
tract with the shipbuilding company not
to compete with it in its husines? and not
to employ their capital or to pfrsonally
engage !n any shipbuilding business for
the period of ten years, and the company
was to contract to engage O. W. Dickie.
R. Forsythe and John T. Scott as officers
cr managers for five years at annual sal
aries of $10,000. \V. H. Gould a? mining en
gineer for five year? at 110,000 per year,
Lawrence E. Scott as assistant con
structor at $5000 per annum for five years.
W. P. Scott as assistant to the president
of the shipbuilding company for five years
at the annual salary of $5000, H. A. Scott
as assistant to the engineer in chief for
five years at 13000 per annum and Edward
Gunn as assistant chief draughtsman for
three years at $3000 per year.
The offer of the Harlan & Hollings
worth Company, the Eastern Shipbuilding-
Company, the Crescent Ship Yard Com
pany and the Samuel L. Moore & Sons'
Company also contained conditions dis
advantageous to the purchaser.
The agreement mith the Bethlehem com
pany placed the United States Shipbuild
ing Company entirely in the hands of the
Bethlehem company and its principal
stockholder, Charles M. Schwab, the re
ceiver contends.
UNION IRON WORKS DEAL.
Newman "was elected president, Dailey
vice president and Seward secretary and
treasurer. Wood, Gould and McLaren
were, at the date of incorporation, all
connected with the Corporation Trust
Company of New Jersey, and the direct
ors were employes of said company. At
this meeting the offer of Promoter John
Young to turn over to the United States
Shipbuilding Company the several con
stituent plants waj= submitted, the terms
for- the sale of the stock of the compa
nies being as follows:
far as the records of the. company dis
close.
Continued Fiom Page 1. Column 7.
The action of the Bethlehem Company
in withholding earnings of upward of
$2,000,000 annually was, says Receiver
Smith-, "with the apparent purpose of
bringing- about the destruction of the ship
building company."
The report concludes with a discussion
of the condition of the constituent com
panies under the receivership, showing
that the receiver had possession of all but
the Bath and Union plants, but claiming
that so long as the present board of di
rectors of the Bethlehem Company is re
tained no benefit will accrue to the re
ceivership from this company. The re
ceiver is convinced that the present inter
ests in control are wholly hostile to the
shipbuilding company and are endeavor
ing to circumvent legal proceedings, and
that a separate receivership Is necessary.
One or such causes was the fact that the di
rectors parted with bonds to an amount upon
which it was Impossible to meet the Interest.
Th? failure, however, v.-as precipitated, if not
directly brought about, by the fact that in the
Bethirhem transaction the United States Ship
building Company officer* had to deal with
peopie who. while thoroughly understanding
the Intricacies of "higher finance," seemed to
have overlooked the requirements of common
fairness.
The receiver charges that the properties
of the various constituent companies were
sold to the United States Shipbuilding
Company for an amount which the ven
ders of such properties knew to be far
in excess of their face value and that the
plan to combine such properties was con
ceived and consummated by certain pro
moters with full knowledge of its Injus
tice to the United States Shipbuilding
Company, the company being absolutely
without intelligent representation or pro
tection in the matter. Smith continues:
The report then gives the net book
value of the constituent companies on
July 31, 1902. according to accountants"
statements from the books of the com
panies, as S12.441.516, for which the di
rectors of the I'nited States Shipbuilding
Company parted wfth J7 n ,9T7,000 in stocks
and bonds. It continues:
Viewing the arqulJition of the properties
from the standpoint of the surplus and plant
values as disclosed by the pooka of the com
panies, the directors appear to have made a
gift of upward of $.15,000,000 worth of stock
ani bonds of the United States Shipbuilding
Crmpany intrusted to their care.
It may be said that Rethlehem deliberately
ured up Kb earnings in making enormous pur
chases, of material for Its own benefit, and In
extension, improvement* and repairs. In order,
apparently, to keep Its earnings from the Unit
ed States Shipbuilding Company.
MADE GIFT OF MILLIONS.
prospectus issufd to the public to induce
subscriptions for bonds, pointing out that
a comparison of this prospectus with trie
facts discloses false and misleading state
ments.
FLAYS TRUST PROMOTERS.
We are union men. pure and simple,
but we are not members of the Union
Labor party, which Is dominated by Abe
Knef and his corrupt satellites. When
a party Is degraded into a machine.
whose sole aim seems to be the uplift
ing of a man like Ruef and the accom
panying; degradation of our city, we
deem it our duty to come out flat-footed.
to leave no doubt as to our attitude la
the campaign, and to make a stand once
and for all against linking the aspira
tions of union labor with the names of
Bnef end Schmitz.
CEOCKEE WOKKIUGMEITS LEAGUE.
Thi3 third d«mand comes as a serious blow
lo us. and especially since it i» the third in
nin* months. We have on previous ooca*i>->n»
Increased the wage* of our employes without
even havinc waited for a demand. On •>ui-l>
cccqsiop? the business warranted us In volun
tarily increasing the nvn's pay. If there, are
any more demands It will make it almost im
possible for us to conduct our business in this
city. We hope the union will consider our
proposition and allow the demands to he arbi
trated by the Labor Council. If the men
would only agr«-e to our proposition the mat
ter could be amicably nettled in an hour, I
am sure.
It would com* hard c.n us to have the hour3
i'f baking changed from night to day. one rea
son b«ine that the pies under thoe« circum
starsces could not be delivered fresh to our
customers. The men know this. .Xffain. it
would mean an annual extra, outlay of . at
least $15»X> for extra plates*, and our losses »c
now. without adding further to our outlay.
Jl.tCO a year on account of plates stolen, which,
have to be replaced.
MAY CRIPPLE INDUSTRY.
Conditions arc such that the demand comes
hard uoon U3. We are paylnjj nr'we for ma
terial to-day than w> have ever paid befor»
The mm in thtir respective grades are Retting
from $1* to $'J" a week. The working schedul«
rails for ten hours and they get one whole
day a week off. Often it occurs that the men
rnmpli>t» their work In seven hours, but th=it
does -not rarry with it a reduction of wages.
to they are not so badly treated. We Tttsh t>>
treat the men in our employ well, but this
flemand for another raise of from $1 tn *,
Is more than we ran stand. We have askert
to be aUnwpd to take, this matter befor» th"
Labor Council for arbitration, hut instead of
permitting us» to resort to a settlement by »r-
Mtration they walk »ut on us and l^av» our
(•ustomfr*. among them s'^me of the bis ho
tels. In a bad oltsht.
MAKE REPEATED DEMANDS.
A. G. Simpkins. speaking of the. incon
venience to the numerous customers of,
the several firms, said:
This is th? third time in nine months that
the men have made demands. W« acceded t'i
their demands on two former occasions, an<1
airatn and for the third ttm» they come arvl
demand that we add from $1 to %2 a weeW
more to their wages.
A meetinc of the three firms waa
called later in the day at the house ot
J. W. Thorp, when the situation was con
sidered.
The piemakers made a demand on th^
firms that the time of baking shouid b<»
changed from right to day and there trus
also a demand for higher wages, which,
it is claimed, is the third demand in nins
months.
The home-made pie bakeries that foun-l
their oven3 tmpty when the hour came
for baking yesterday were SImpkir.s &
Thorp, llt> Eric street; J. W. Thorp I.
Co., Post and Mason street.*, and C. IS.
Knudson. Dorland street.
Housewives must nerds deny their
families the luxury of the toothsome pie
to-day and probably for some day? to
come, unless the members of th" Fi?mRk
ers' L'nion, who struck yesterriaj. a?reo
to the request of their employers that the
demands made upon the employes shall
be adjusted by arbitration by tr.e Labor
Council.
"Love in Idl^nrps." by Macbeth, was a
t'M-> of dalaty. concerted work, and rh«
land aas forcc-d to r^jwat the movement.
In. a numNj of marrhes and syncopated
ixxajMeitloas the lan.l fully proved i*r
• f.i't to rank as on-' of th~> best musical
• rr;)r.izatior.«: <»v«?r heard in this city.
« 'iiiaff-jrelli's own compositions prove him
to be a master of music. I^ast evening
th* band flayed before a large audience
t! ;il warn completely rarriw] away hy the
- KoeOaace of the musit-al fare provided.
leader, soloists and the entire orgarjza
'tion won most hearty applause, and to
Marnier Chanr.injj FHlery the music lov
«-r.~ of Pan Francisco are indebted for the
skilled musicians he ha-s gathered togeth
f i. Credit is also due to Will U Oreen
baUBl for hi^ enterprise in securing the
attraction for this citv.
San Francisco has heard many hand
condurtr^r*. in. iuding Sous*. Creator*
s-<5 Raveila. and now in a modest
maomr comes Sigrjor Cfalaffarelli. loader
of Enery'a Royal Italian Band, to eclipse
h:s r"«*<5eo*ssors and set the local musical
world a-talking.
Nwer has a leader of a band ben *e+n
:• -,-• :s city who devotes all his attention
to the men under his baton as rioos •'hlnf
fare'li. He decs not wast*- a thought on
mannerisms in order "to be talked
about."
The Royal Italian Band opened its en
ptgcrMBt yesterday afternoon at the Al
I unbrm Theater t<» an cnthusiastif aud
i^r.ce. and In the language of the street
"it made jrood."
In rvvry rrember of the opening pro
gramme and in the many encores the en
tire band p!3ycd as a unit. There were
t'rrses when the bra.*.*: instrument*
d-nwrieii the reeds, but th" acoustics of
the building were chiefly responsible for
the defect.
In technique an.) !ti- the band is ab
solutely fia^I^s and under its skilled
leader the musicians rendered each num
b*r -aith artisti-' method.
< 'r.i.iffare-ili ar.«i his men do not aim for
fuccf=s by thfatriral rffrct but palely by
r" ! -!f : i<"al rr>d(A\or. Th<-ir excellence «a«
fully diFplayed In a selection from Fausi.
One moment the reeds would softly
breathe :Jv fwrpt love song nf Siebel and
then sw<-u r with the aid of the brass in
strument?, ir.to the s'iperb strains of the
talict music, thru softly dying away with
th* 1 mournful tones of the fading Mar
puerite.
The 5tacatto rendition of "Hiawatha "
as an encore showed another rfde of the
ir.'is!' i^n.^ abilities, and the familiar com-
I>osjt!"n was as daintily r«?nd» red as tf
.ur n n strings.
Th« «^i'>iyts of th» are ex
< • ptinr.;i!ly jroor!. Sigr.or Curti i>= a mastfr
: th.^ rijphonfum. a?:d his work in th*>
! •¦ -rturr to "I-a Far.-Mulla delle Asturie."
! > Setchi. was ckillful and artistic.
Antonio D*fimo certainly excels any
• ! .-»rios;«»t player h^ard h<M"<* in many
; ears, and in CatvaUinfs "Adagio «> Taran
!• An" h»> won round upon round of ap-
I'Uu^f. As an encore [>dnn played *'An
~v:o Laurie." accompanied by the band.
i • '.during the eiir.j 1«» air with deep feel
h;g and pathos.
SIsnor rairrn star.<ip at the head of cor
l ( ; winr.irg rr.at plaudits from
r:s audience in a selection frum " The
Pnr.«-e of Pils^ n."
Employers Say They Cannot
Afford to Accede to
the Demands
Superb Musical Programmes
Win Plaudits From
Audience3.
Piemakers Go on Strike
and Refuse Offer to
Arbitrate.
Leader of Italian Band
Is a Masterly
Conductor.
the archdiocese
7t lir of California the golden jubl
£ I lee of its foundation was cel«
¦L 1 j brated yesterday. All Catho-
He churches Ik the State held
. „ special services in honor of the
anniversary-
In San Francisco all the -rnurc'.ies of the
Catholic faith displaved the symbolisms
of joy. The richest of vestments and
most gorgeous of church decorations were
brought out. Purple, the eign of abnega
tion and sorrow, was entirely eschewed
and gold was the predominating color
scheme.
At St. Mary's Cathedral a scent of un
paralie'pd religions pomp v.as witnessed.
The cluuscel and altar were buried under
a maps el splendid yeilow crysanthe-
no active part in it. The service consisted
of a solemn high mass, of which Bishop
Grace of Sacramento was celebrant. For
his deacon he had Father J. B. Hannlgan
and for subdeacon Father Charles A.
Ramra. Father E. P. Mulligan «cted as
master of ceremones. Rev. Father Pren
dergast was assistant celebrant.
The regular church choir and the mas
sive deep-toned organ were airi^d by an
orchestra. Beethoven's "Kyrie," ' Gloria"
and "Credo" were rendered and Hum
mel's "Sanctus" and "Benedictus" were
given with splendid effect.
Instead of the usual benediction toward
the clos* of the maps. Archbishop Rior
dan mounted the altar steps and adminis
tered the pontifical bftn«-a:ction. Father
Jnhn W. Sullivan of St. Mary's Peminarv
delivered the sermon after th? r'-adlng of
St. Mac's (Paullst) Church was crowd
ed by worshipers to attend the golden ju
bilee of the foundation of the archdio
cese. The flower decorations were con
fined to masses of yellow chrysanthemums
and the relehrnting priests wore yellow
vestments. Th« sermon was preached by-
AT OTHER CHURCHES.
worshipers of the Catholic religion were
not given opportunities to pracMce their
faith. He closed with an exhortation to
his hearers to persevere In the work
which had seen such splendid accomplish
ment in the first half century of its foun
dation, as on the success of the Catholic
religion depended the welfare of the State
and nation, the happiness of the people
and the ultimate salvation .-of their im
mortal souls.
CHIAFFARELLI
WIELDS BATON
Catholic Churqhes hjold Special Services
and Congregations Rejoice.
DEPRIVE PEOPLE
OF DAINTIES
Celebrate the Golden Jubilee of tbe Archbiocese
THE SAN FBANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, NOVEMBER 2, 1903.
9
JSTEW ADVEETISZKENT3.
A WOMAN'S GRATITUDE.
A Mountain Woman Writes in Praise
of Newbro's Herpicide.
"For **ve>ral years I have, been trou-
_r>J*><1 with dandruff, rausir.jr me much an-
.neymace, and my hair beoam* very thin.
I.. have t]su»d JCewbro'B Herpioide for a
month and th* dandruff has entirely di?-
srr'»H and my hair is becoming much
heavier than formerly. New hair <s
prowinp wher* there was r.oni". and I am
•«*JT thankful to you for the benefit I
have revived from Newbro's Herpicide.
"Wry truly your*.
'MRS. CL B. FOSTER.
*N'o. ?K5 T'Uh ave.. Butte. Mont."
Sold by leadinp druggists. S^nd 10r> in
rt»mr" for sampl" to The Herpicide Co
•r>etrnit. Mich.
"CASTORIA
For Infants and Children,
Tire Kind You Have Always Bought
Bears the s-*f S/Sj +-J^
Signature of tfdz/^/g ficC&/U&C
I r)| r £j T\ C s^*** I lLf\ /A I I T\ f*^lB8
¦ Baby's bright eyes, rosy
cheeks, firm flesh and sound
• ¦ Hmbs are the results of using
; Meliin's Food.
S*^-£iSS? tkat y° u "«t for a .ample
J^SLLI^POODCO.. BOSTON. MASS."
&OHff{\B^^ Atr.cunitlcn. Hunting and
I H I III V fcportlna- Oooda. L*rxe*i
|y 111 V * locJl J-»»*»t price*. **»<»
U I If f 1 *c catalcru*.
WWII \J EHRKVE * KARBEB CO,
IS* Market «L a&« 311
Starry ti
AJVEBTIRETffEHTSJ
BBrPI _ . - £ I
H 5 O cents Pound B|
U We are sole a^entj I }
B KONA KOFFE?. KOMPANY i
i Opp Oly of ?*r,< t>r^ Good* Co I j
H Phone 5u^h 5lO ~J,\ •;. j jTHE SAN FEAKCISCO CALL, MONDAY, KOYEMBEil 2, 1903.
10
_JIELP WAJtTBD— FEMAiE—CoB^
A C^LTMBl^MAlfD7~s!aTlnae7~$25; waitress.
$25; nurse, $25; 6 house girls, $30; 2 cooks,
$30; kitchen helper, $25; man and wife, $50;
second girl, $30. MRS. NORTON, 313 Sut-
ter st. .
A YOUNG lady as relief cashier to work threa
or four evenings a week. MRS. M. E. DAY,
351 O'Farrell st.
SEWING MACHINE OPERATORS AND RIV-
ETERS; NO EXPERIENCE NECESSARY:
PAID SALARY. LEVI STRAUSS & CO.'S
FACTORIES 32Vi FREMONT ST. AND 1873
MISSION. NEAR FIFTEENTH.
— ! /
A— OPERATORS wanted on children's woolen
suits and coats; good pay; by the week or
piece work. 656 'Mission St., third floor.
A— OPERATORS on ladies' underwear; good
pay. C50 Mission st,, third floor.
A— OPERATORS on children's wear. e56 Mis-
sion st.. third floor.
A — WOMAN wanted who understands cutting.
656 Mission St., third floor.
GIRL to assist general housework In small
family of physician: good home; wages $15.
Apply before noon. 1446 Leavenworth st.
GIRL to assist In general housework, small
family;. no children; wages $15. 1422 O'Far-
rell at. _______________
YOUNG girl to assist with housework. Call In
the morning. 1362 Geary st.
WAIST finishers wanted at 1407 Laguna st.
GIRL to do second work. 1230 Post st.
WANTED— Girl to work In bakery. 836 Third
street. "'- ¦¦¦'¦'-
A GIRL wanted for housework and cooking.
1542 McAllister St.
EXPERIENCED arm waitress, also a relief
waitress, wanted; good pay. 631 Clay st.
WAITRESS wanted. 1702 Mission St. '
TALENTED amateur performers. Apply at
Chutes 6 p. m. Wednesday; salary no object.
A YOUNG lady, between 17 and 20, for type-
writer work; knowledge of stenography un-
necessary. ADDly between the hours of 10
nnd 12 Monday mornln*. Nov. 2. S. N.
WOOD & CO., 740 Market st. , I
BRIGHT, neat, industrious boy or girl. JC'to
20, stenographer desiring to atudy law, for
law office In country; wages fair. Address
box" 20. Call. In handwriting.
FIRST-CLASS finishers on ladles' cloaks and
suits lit KRAGEN. BAMBERGER & CO.'S.
463 Mission st..- fourth floor.
WOMAN of executive ability for a permanent
position; must be able to furnish security.
Box 800, Call office.
FINISHERS on ladles' tailoring; experienced
only: $10 and $12 weekly. GLUCK, 1383
Geary st.
CIGARETTE makers wanted: learners taken;
steady work; good wages. The John Bollman
Co., corner Front and Pacific Ms.
GIRLS about 15 for factory work: gcod wagea.
Apply at once, AMES & HARRIS, 100 Sac-
ramento Rt. . -
COAT and sleeve hands: also operator and
stock girl. MULRONEY. 110 Geary st.
GIRL to do cooklne; small family: 2 In help.
002 Eddy st., 9 a. m. to 12 m.; references.
WANTED — First-class finisher on coats; wages
$10-opT 1103 Market st.
GIRL to assist in light housework; family of
3: nlaln cooking. 82I> Golden Gate ave.
Wanted — Stenographer who can also play piano.
Hoover Physical Culture. 1839 Flllmore st.
FIRST-CLASS stenographers furnished. Miss
M. G. Barrett, instructor. 302 Montgomery.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call Branch office, cor. Duncan & Church sts.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Flllmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
tubscrlptions has been established at 1006
Valencia st.
HELP WASTED— MALE.
PACIFIC EMPLOYMENT AGENCY,
520 SACRAMENTO ST.— 520 :
Cor. Liedesdorff »t. Phone Main 1101.
COAL MINERS— OREGON— FREE FARE.
10 laborers, near city, $37 found, 15c fare;
2 miners, eouth. $75; buckman for mine,
south, $90.
U. S. SENATOR CLARK'S NEW' R R..
UTAH
100 laborers, $2, near Salt Lake City.
NEVADA. S. P. R. R. Co.'s Work, NEVADA
100 laborers $2, FREE FARE.
GOVERNMENT IRRIGATION DITCH.
10 tunnelmqn, $75 NEVADA
Cook and wife, mine, Al Job. $70 found.
Hoad waiter, hotel, fare paid, $50 found.
Butler, private family, boss here, $40 found.
2 farmer?, vineyard, $26 found. «
Bargeman, near city, boss here, $50 found.
Cook, boarding-house, near city, $40 found.
5 laborers, mine south, part fare .paid, $2
day.
2 office boys, city; solicitors, city.
Night waiter, city. $12 week and found.
50 men for sawmills, yards and wooda.
5 drillers, $43 found. 20c, fare; (J laborers.
Bandsawycr, $100 found, boss here.
Men, Call and See Us and Read Our Bul-
letin Boards for Jobs Not Advertised.
PACIFIC EMPLOYMENT AGENCY.
520 Sacramento St.
AT THE CAL. EMPLOYMENT AGENCX
50 Third St., nr. Call bldg.: phone Bush 405.
FREE FARE.
NEVADA NEVADA.
RENO, GOLCONDA. RYNDON.
100 laborers, $2 a day; S. P. R. R. Co.'s own
work; board $4 50 a week.
SPECIAL TO-DAY — CARLOAD TO
RENO.
4 men for rock quarry. $2 25 day. . •
CHICO. BUTTE CO.
Half Rate Fare, $2 80.
10 laborers, $2 25 a day.
15 teamsters, $75 a month.
Ship to-day; fee $L
CAL. EMP. AGENCY. 69 Third at.
AT S. F. EMP. BUREAU. 17 Fourth st.
3 boiler-makers, steady work, $3 80 day.
3 boiler-maker's helpers, steady, $2 25 day.
We ship, free fare, to Reno, Nevada.
Laborers and rockmen, city. $2 25 day.
Teamster, ranch, near city. $30 and found.
10 lumber pliers, $1 50 and fd.: 10 swampers.
Man to prune orchard, steady work.
Spool tenders, timber fellers, etc.
S. F. EMP. BUREAU Phone Grant 26.
AT "E. & B." R. R. Labor Agency.
638 Commercial st.
Free Fare — Free Fare.
50 tunnel men $2 50 to $3 day.
50 muckers and drillers. $2 to $2 50 a -day.
100 laborers. $2 a day.
Long job; eight months' work.
Free fare — Ryndon, Nevada.
"E. & B." R. R. LABOR AGENCY,
638 Commercial st.
A MAN and wife for light work in city; $50
and room, but no board. Call at MISS PLUN-
KETTS; 425 Sutter Et., near Powell.
A CHEF for city cafe; best of wages. Call at
MISS PLUNKETT'S. 425 Sutter, nr. Powell.
A MAN and wife, institution, $50. Apply to
MRS. NORTON, 313 Sutter st.
TRY our men's shoes, union made, at $1 and
$1 50 per pair, foot-form shoes at $2 50. or
orthopedic shoes. $3 50;best ahoes on earth. 11
Third st.. Exam bldg., 5 doors from Market.
A — SEAMEN for deep water sailing ships.
W. B. SWEARS. Pacific Mall Dock.
FIRST-CLASS porte7at 152 East st, the Mono-
gram.
BOY for cleaning up and doing errands.
JAMES. H. SORENSEN CO.. 103 Sixth St.
WAITER wanted. 87 Ninth st.
TWO first-class carpenters wanted at 145 Chat-
tanooga at. , .
GOOD barber wanted. 1350 Howard at
not)n:» to i r CT.
Hal «t hcu«*a to tat; »*nd for crr-
M»l«, «1 II tlMHrl|-;N_* «-'O-. » Montgomery.
/ '
A-M'H'PtfW aM'1 flaes «» ••'; an lminfnw ""'i
Mt»l-« nt.»'<i.ii«|y fr««; «ak« advantage of
Ihlo diparJOfntl It will a<»v« you time and
IftUtll*' '."l'1-a Ifurnllura Co, 2I3-25U Oeary
a»., <m l»t« »HUur»,
iiTniMXtfr^tfan** ot « rooma anl b*'h: rery
(MinMvj tutu n*v »i. Ai-piy madi^on &
I1KMMH, <io M"n""'»«ry at.
rABTIl'tr~»'V-0 aunny rooma. bath, large
l.n«*rn»nt, yrd, garden. K<y a»l.
WWvC'ii**^™*- b "" h - "•• * n< * larK * yar<1
' in^i i..»t.»» ¦t 1 _K«ya_IOi Iwmunav at.
ilr-rouri "iM'ivVri* *»l «r printed list if houaea
«,; i»i iiAUAvir; * nuwKtx,ifl Po»t at.
imi ( j ft !<:» irtnaiViiMu-- you »alb.
Vf.mT, IWI ~riirrt!tur« of H rooma: houae with
i.»«i-m«nt an-1 t>»U»- Apply after noon.
lojt"Vm> vovnd.
Vttiirri fnVrT^n aWUa" tor baby coat. »rla«ors.
thlmMa, workln* ailk. lUturn 700 Capp at..
.'¦rn«>r Tw»iiiy nrroii'i; r " wa^"^
ir"w"lll r>«y~tV "IWiikwW' that tb« California
Wnt'h <«a« Co., 220 Hutter at., reed, old
r"t'1 »"'1 «Hvr ttt mafc* n»w watch <=*»**•_.
, HKDIOAL.
illlpTTjM. wVkTII. «p«clall«t for all *•«»¦'*
Attaint*] In.t.nt rHI»f K^ant«d; 30
yntrm" uxptrUme*', removed to "^ t'o*t at.
Ml\k l»ir KoTlL, rrllabl* sperlallat for all fe-
trinlp trntihlMi and liwrtiUrliH-a; Instant re-
H-f auarnntmid. 1(;OSH Market »t.. opf. «th.
DH fJ^wT^uT^^NNKLI*— All who are alck or
In trmitiln r.>n»ult thla uperlallst on f*ma.e
"•tmilalnta; tiAnltlvely corrected; the unfortu-
n»l« »n.||wvi; ih« moit difficult ranea treated;
(Mlvlr* trr*. Office. 101" Market at.
MMH 1>~ALLBN, 111* Market— Reliable ladles'
aportnllat: n nrlvat* home before and during
•••.nfltirmrnt; beat m»dlral care; low fees.
mtTanTrMiis~DAVIES and HINDOO HERBS: [
original method of treatment. 1126 Market st. ;
DR. ROHEN reside* 2003 Folsom St.. cor. 2Cth; j
ladle*, relief or no f«e; W- ;
DH. NO~TOY KEK, 310 Powell st., opposite I
• Unlnn square: all diseases cured by hf-rbs.
M1LLIWEBT.
LADIES— 200 stylish hata to select from; lease
sold, must vacate February 1. 1004: aavo ,
money by calling on MME. DOSCH. 207 !'"<¦
MISCELLAXEOUS FOK _ SA f*_ E :
BOILERS, engines. 2d-hand machinery. McIN-
TOSH & WOLPMAN. 11>5-1'J7 Fremont at.
DOES YOUR ROOF LEAK?
Repair lt with elaterlte; in rolls easy to lay:
needs no painting or coating; good over old
Iron, tin or shingles; best for new roofs, j
ELATERITE ROOFING CO., 713 Market st. j
2D-HAND machinery, boilers, engines. puir|/, ]
pulleys, shafting, > etc., etc., bought, aold,
rented and exchanged: see Sunday papers. I
H. S. WHITE M'CH'Y CO., 130-132 Beale st. |
FOR sale — New 50-ft. gasoline launch with I
modern 40-horsepower engine and all extras; I
good business; only cash sale considered. Ad-
dress O. B.. box 520. Sacramento, Cal.
A — Fine suits. $7 50; dress pants. $2 50. Origi-
nal Misfit Clothing; Parlors. 238 Kearny st..
near Bush; open to 9 p. m. ; Sunday to noon.
A— $3 50 DERBY and Fedora hats. $1 75. Pop-
ular Price Hatters. 330 Kearny st.. n*ar
Pine; open till 9 p. m. Sunday to noon.
A — BUYS, aells or rents gear machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipe... shaf tins:, pulleys,
etc. WHITELAW. 253-255 Ssear St.
TRY our men's shoes at $1 and $1 50 pair;
foot-form shoes at > $2 50; we pay express
charges. 11 3d st.. Exam, bid.; catalog, free.
THREE milk wagons, one buggy, a 23-gallon
iron boiler with stove, also a 12-fcot redwood
trough 20x25 Inches. 816 Treat ave.- .
TWO Petaluma and one Jubller Incubator. |
Baker ave., San 'Leandro road, or 1115 Broad-
way, Oakland, room 6. W. CLAUSSEN.
A — 12-HORSEPOWER steam engine; horizon-
tal; $S5. S. D. BURNS. 313 Bush st.
MUST sell; sacrifice; small wagon, surrey and
harness. 18.11. Eddy st. ; leave word.
10O.C0O BRICK for sale. Inquire at California
Housewreckers, XW. cor. Mission and 10th.
A VERY fine diamond over 3 karats for $335
at W. J. HESTHAL'S, 10 Sixth st-
FOR sale — Metal roofer's tools complete. Ap-
ply 2C0(i Folsom st
3, 6 AND 10 hp. gasoline engine* ; 2d-hand: all
sizes; new. E. B. BECK & CO.. 122 Market.
NEW and second hand machinery of all kinds. ;
KROGH MNFG. CO.. 519 Market st. j
SAFES— New and second hand. THE HER- \
MANN SAFE CO.. 417-423 Sacramento st. \
MOVING pictures, maslc lanterns, sale, rental;
bargains. Bullard & Breck. 131 Post st.
MILES 'of pipe and flttincs; all sizes. EU-
GENE RILEY & SONS. 109 Vallejo St.
MOVING picture flim and song slides. 109
Montgomery st. *
SAFES— New and second hand. E. B. BECK
& CO.. 122 Market st.
All bargains ;camp stools and chairs :hammocks,
metal beds, mattresses. J.F. Hotter, 712 Mission.
Edi'son phonographs, records, supplies, moving
picture machines, films. P-acigalupi, 033 Mkt.
GASOLINE engines, automobiles and launches;
all sizes. J. E. DOAK. 46 Fremont st.
ASK for prices on second-hajid typewriters; all
makes. ALEXANDER & CO.. 110 Montg'y.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents — The Weekly Call.
16 pages, in wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year. ;
MISCELLAXEOUS WANTS. |
I PAY highest nrices for all kinds of cast-oft
clothing; send postal. MORRIS. S70 Fclsom.
BOOKS and libraries bought. H. C. HOLMES.
1149 Market st. ; phone Jessie 3741, or postal.
' TILTON wants good second-hand clothing and
theatrical goods. 154 Oth st. ; tel. Jessie 2S51.
A BIG orlce paid for sealskins; send postal.
25 Stockton st.; ohone Bush 4S4.
aio.\i:v to loa.«.
AA A— HERMAN MURPHY. ~~— -™~~~~
601-C02-t>03 Examiner building.
Quick settlements; no disappointment.
Save expenses by dealing directly.
Estates, second mortgages, undivided inter-
ests, assignments of rents, property in trust,
etc. ; legacies, life estates and undivided In-
terests In property purchased.
Courteous treatment. Strictly confidential.
When You Need Money
See HERMAN MURPHY.
INTEREST REDUCED TO 5 PER CENT.
DEAL DIRECT; SAVE EXPENSES.
I will loan on 1st, 2d and 3d mortgages. SAN
FRANCISCO, OAKLAND. TOWN. COUN- I
TRY PROPERTY and REAL ESTATE In
probate; send full particulars of property; no
answer otherwise. Box 249S, Call office.
ADVANCES on furniture and pianos without
removal: to permanent salaried people on
their note without security or knowledge of
employer; lowest rates; no commission. NA-
TIONAL CKEDIT CO.. 68 and (50 Donohoe
building. 1170 Market st. i^
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds, jewelry, at
lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store, 846
Market St.; tel. Main 1644. Branch. 19 Third.
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL LOANS on fur-
niture, pianos or to salaried people on their
note; proper treatment guaranteed. ILLINOIS
TRUST CO.. r. 16. Phelan bid., tel. Main 7O4.
A — 1 per cent on furniture or piano; no remov-
al, no commission, no publicity ;$25 up; quick.
. private, confidential. 20 Montgomery, rm. 7.
M. JACOBSEN & CO., room 621. Emma Spreck-
els Building, loans money on real estate and
all other securities; confidential; low ratea.
MONEY loaned to salaried people, retail mer-
chants, teamsters, boarding-house"!, without
security; easy payments; largest business in
46 principal cities. Tolman. 553 Parrott bldg. j
MUNICIPAL LOAN OFFICE. 103 Grant ave..
LOANS FROM $1 TO $10,000.
MONEY to loan on low Interest; gold, silver,
diamonds, pearls and precious stones bought
at W. J. HESTHAL'S. 10 Sixth st.
TO salaried people without security; on furni-
ture; Indorsed notes and other security. S. K
Discount Agency, 143 Phelan building.
YOU can borrow more money on your furniture
than any other place in city; no commlssiorw
612 Parrott building:- phone South K55. -
OPEN Credit Association loans on salaries con-
fidentially; new; simple plan. S19 Market st,
room 50. ,
ON personal and real property. E. W. LICK,
1003 Mutual Savings Bank bldg.. 70S Market.
MONEY loaned to salaried employes. G. W.
MILLER, room 74, 5th floor. Chronicle .bldg.- ,
3% ON furniture & pianos; $15 up; no removal.
V. TREMAIN. room 81. 6 Eddy St.. floor 4.
ALL loans on diamonds and jewelry 2 per cent
mo. S. F. Collateral Loan Bank, 538 Kearny.
STAR Loan Co. of Wyoming loans money to
salaried employes. R.311. Mutual Sav.Bk.bM.
CASH loaned salaried people on notes without
indorser. MORELL. 609 Examiner ¦ bldg.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents — The Weekly Call.
16 pages, in wrapper, tor mailing. $1 per ye*i,
MVSICALirySTnUME.'VTS.
ALL uprights on our bargain nlat% tortaij ¦
Collard. $35; Fllsher. $50; Sherman & Hyd»
$1€O; Weber. $45; Klmball. $115; MansfleM .4
Notni, $125; Haynes. $15i); American *i«5-
Ohlekerlmc, ?U;7; Bmernon. *172; Mi!>r"
$175; 2 Steinways. large an.l small srze. *1S3
and ?20<i; H"!r*e. large style, siijhtly ujved
$3S& Rents $2 up. •apply on purchase; in-
stallments $4 up. HEINE PIANO COL, 235-
• 2.17 Geary st. : Oakland branch. Fifteenth and
Broadway, old P. O. Bldg. Largest ex.lu-
nlve wholesale and retail dealers of the Watt
THI3 AD IS OUR GREATEST EXPKNSC :-;
\Ve pey no rent, as we* own th» build!n»
The enly reason wo advertise Is to let yoj
know we rent the best piano In the city f.->r £|
P«r raoatn. New we can sell jou ono Just th*
same. Our •xnensea are so very much i«aj
than other firms, why net lnveatlgat« our prtcs*
and c«,irpare cotes? Invest 5c carfare and *ar«
frorp $75 ti $150 en e. piano. SCOTT-CURT \&
PIANO CO.. f.'iO-re-ft* Hayes st.
WE do not advise the purchase of cheap places,
aa they are seldom satisfactory, but ws hav<§
pianos at a medium price that can be guar-
anteed to please the most critical. Our best
*«llers «re the Behr Bros. Haume'ster and
f£t' Ub '£' THK Z5NO MAUVAIS MUSIC:
CO.. .TO Market at.
A FINE Io j of g < . ccn j. han(1 upright* from $50
up. Including such makes aa Chlcker!o S .
« !¦' Kro? *«r. Curtax, Klrkharn. Peas*.
Ha.-dman. Marshall & Wendell. Baua anj
others. BENJ. CURTAZ A SON. 1« O'Far-
»ell st. Xo branches In San Francisco.
B o KX> J CftrJ , 7renU: F - Benson. Paris, makar;
w.?i# , alwal<1 - Ast - Pac - Coast. 27S O'Farrell:
aaairu. repairing; 2d-hand instruments eolA.
BEAUTIFUL 3-pedal Stelnway upright piano;
perfect crder; sacrlace. Keeffe's.2.<*5 O'Farrell.
i A .«ufe r^ed^^gg^-; n gy t ;
i SO p^ R - p^O n N M^ Z j-^, 3^'p- *~
I •**?* xltner*. old and new. H.
! M1.L.L.EK. makT. r»r,alrgr. 2 Latham piac*.
OFFICES ASDj^TOHKs TO LET.
) WILL construct suit ter.anT~Itore~and base-
ment. Taylor St.. near Market. Box 7S9. Call.
i FINE front office to let In The Wiley B \Ueii
building. 031 Market st.
I STORE with lar?« basement; b»low Kearny
»t.: rent $-TO. Apply »'^rt fliy st.. room 1.
PIA.\OS AXD OKGA.XS.
1 PART of our list of bargains in second- hani
pianos for September. 1U03:
Original
Price. Now.
2 BARNES & SON—
'Walnut cases, large size, colonial
style, three pedals. 7 1-3 octaves,
equal to new $350 $273
1 EMERSON —
Walnut case, cabinet grand,
carved panels. 7 1-3 octaves, thre«
[d.1!, ia fine condition, slightly
i used 430 273
1 EMERSON—
Flemish oak case, cabinet grand,
very latest design and finish, nearly
new 450 SC4
i 1 SOHMER-
Mahcgany case, medium a!ze, full
swinging desk. 7 1-3 octaves, thor-
> oughly renovated and equal to new. 500 323
! 1 WEBER—
P.osewood case, fancy carved,
largest size. 7 1-3 cctavea. In ex-
cellent cendition 630 323
1 Bradbury —
Rosewood case, large size. 7 1-3
octaves, thoroughly renovated and
equal to new 500 330
1 Bradbury —
Red oak case, cabinet gTand,
T 1-3 octaves, thoroughly renova-
ted and equal to new 5C0 323
Complete Us: furnished on application at our
etore. SIIKRMAN. CLAY & CO..
Corner Kearny ami S'itt«-r »t».
1'EKSO.VYLS.
WE would like to put a copy of The Advertis-
ing World into the hands of every person
who keeps any kind of, a store; every news-
paper man. every advertising writer, every
person Interested in business of any kind:
we send sample copies free on request, anrl
the paper usually makes friends for itself at
first sleht. It isn't made to be pretty, but
to be helpful— and its circulation of 23.0<'O
(biggest of its clas>s in the world) shows that
it is helpful. May we have your addrea*?
The Advertising World. Columbus. Ohio.
ATTENTION. LADIES —
To see Is to believe: go and see the exhibi-
tion at the Union Drug Store, cor. O'Farretl
and Stockton sts. : a living model with th»
. wrinkles and bagsineso removed from ono
«!de of the face a year ago by M. ELLA
HARRIS at 7S1 O'Farrell at.
TBS Star Hair Remedy restores gray hair. Im-
proves Its growth.gtops falling, cures dandruff
and itching scalp: no or stlckineas;
cleanses scalp;at druggists", hairdressers" ; ac-
cept no substitute. Star Kemerfy Co. .1038 Polk.
THERE are other cereal coffees, but If you
want th© best ask your grocer for Cof-farin;
absolutely pure, palatable and nourishing.
THE COF-FARIN CO., 134 Valencia st.
NOT how cheap but how good is the motto of
the manufacturers of the Rapid Rotary
Standard the sewing-machine of to-day. J.
W. EVANS, agent. 1021 Market st.
FHTSICIAN, 13 years' experience, cures per-
manentlv morphine, cocaine habit. Call cr
address 'Central Pharmacy. 251 Grant ave..
corner Sutter st. ; fee moderat*.
' ON and after this date I will not be responsi-
i ble for any debts contracted by my wife.
Mary Lingenfelder. GEO. LINGCNFELDEK.
ELEGANT suits on easy Installments; 50 cent*
and up per week. LEON LEMOf. 1127
Market st.. bet. Seventh and Eighth.
DANCING Tuesday. Thursday. Saturday. Sun-
day evgs.. Teutohia Hall, Howard st.. nr.
9th; Prof. Foster; society dancing taught.
LIQUOR habit cured. We guarantee to eur«
the liquor habit in 2 days or no charges.
Acme Liquor Cure Co.. 007 Market, r. 202.
DRUNKENNESS morphine and all drugs dis-
eases positively cured by Willow Bark Co..
1839 Polk st.; consultation free ;call or write,
REMOVAL — DR. W. C. STRATTON has re-
moved his office from 2255 Mission st. to
rooms 573 and 574. Parrott bldg (Emporium).
Prof Morris hot porcelain tub baths, steam,
alcohol; ladles, gents: attendants; band rub-
bing treatment. 406 Geary, nr. Mason, h. 0-9.
AT less than cost uncalled for suits, overcoats
and trousers at"CHARLES LYONS'. Londoa
Tailor. 721 Market St.
FREE demonstration vibration; chronic dia-
eases successfully treated Tuesday evening,
8 o'clock, at 2fl Fhelan building.
$5 H\TS a specialty thU week. 818 O'Far-
rell st. i
OLD hats made new. 816 O'FarTetl st.
ANDERSON — Elegant theatrical and masquer-
ade costumes rented. 26 O'Farr»U st.
SUITS to order on installments. $1 per w»ek.
Neuhaus & Co.. merch.tallors, 727-729 Market.
SUPERFLUOUS hair & moles removed by elec-
tric needle. Dr. & Mrs. Traverse, 1170 Market.
THE best place to buy good umbrellas or
have them covered or repaired Is 120 Stockton
TAILOR-MADE suit $7 50; dress pants $2 50.
Misfit Clothing Parlor, cor. Bush and Dupont.
MASQUERADE costumes play books, wigs.
country orders. GOLDSTEIN & CO.. 733 Mkt.
ALFRFDUM'S Egyptian Henna restores gray*
hair to Us natural color; $1: at all druggists" -A
Superfluous hair and molea removed with elec-
trlc needle. Mrs. & Misa Eaton. 1110 Sutter.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call 16 pages, sent to any address In tha
TInltVd State* r,r Canada "n» ™»r tnr 11.
~ paT«isthv.
MME. DEVAS— Scientific ralmlst and a*trolo-
gist. Palm readings SI ; •> Q^k>> JJH«i
FREE. Open Tuesday
TT JFROMEFOSEI.LI scientific palmist. 513
Tayta- at. near <> a r>. Phon« Black 3«^
|-AI'EKHA.\CI.\G. pAI.Vn.NC. ETC.
ROOMS papered. $3 50 up; tintins. painting.
Hartmar T Paint Co.. 310 3d St.: tel. Main 413.
PHYSICIANS AND SURGEONS.
£ij{ c~C O'DONNELL — Office and residence.
lOtti-S Market st.. bet. eth and 7th; particu-
lar attention paid to diseases of women.
BLOOD skin and rectal diseases a specialty. ¦
DR. BALL. 1073^3 Market st.
REMOVED — DR. WONG HIM. herb doctor,
treats all diseases of the human body: for
past four years at 115-117 Mason; now lo- ,
cated at 607 Geary St.. near Leavenworth.
DR. TONG PO CHY. successor to Dr. Lt Po
Tal. herb doctor, cures all diseases of human
by use of herbs and teas. 727 Washington st.
DR. H. C. WONO. 71» Post St.: all diseases
cured by Chinese herbs; consultation free.
WONO WOO. the famous herh doctor— A!l dis-
eases cured by Chinese herbs. 746-8 Clay at.
_JTYrjS\Vn£TERS JUD^IJPPUKV
¦ GREAT, BA KG A1NS l>f TYPEWRITERS — W» .
. sell better machines for less money than aajft
bouse In the city: rentals $3. Th» Typewrit?^
Exchange. 536 California: telephone Main Zt&S
A FEW good typewriters at $-"J0 «ach: get par-
ticulars. L. i M. ALEXANDER 110 Moat-
gomery st.
ID-HAND typewriters aold. rented, repaired.
Webster Typewriter Isapec. Co.. 503 Market.
1
IT
M
M
B
M
Ii
D
I)
L
is
B
D
! HELP WANTED — M A LIS — Con 1 1 nil* rt i
A— MURRAY A READY 031*530 Ola? «li
Phona Main C8IA.
Leading Employment and Labor 'Aa.»Hl«.
1902 we gave 100.1 wVII el-"
45,000 men work. , 0O,i«H) ni»n «"tte.
ARIZONA——
' ARIZONA-
OREGON. NRVAUA.
Southern Pacific and Bantu V* »r«t'"'"'«; BM
pass
On Kvery Train.
Section hands, mucxers. drlllon, »*trft n*nK* t
teamsters, hammersmen.
Stables, Farms. Orrharria, Hnlr!<rt.
Farm and orchard hari'tn. $30, $;.lft, fV), fd.J
milkers. $30 to (30 found.
Stablemen, city, country Jobs, f.10 to ISO.
365 woodchoppers. '
2?T tl*maketa.
Cooks. Walt*™. Portrrs.
Cooks, hotels restauranta, curnpfl, mine* »»rirl
ranches, city and country, f30 in |T9 (otHwj
Walters, city and courjtry, f25 to I IS fctttJUl
Butchers, different John, $40 to |90 found.
Located Ev*rrwh*re.
Laborers and teamstrm, rity am! country,
many In San Francloco, 12 2(1.
6 slack coopers, Dc; 5 cAblnetmftkar*.
Cook and wifa country hot*), fare i ¦•!'!. 9?B.
MURRAY & RBADY. 031 -039 Clay at.
ALL FREE FARE~~~
BIG, GOOD SAWMILL COSIPAKT.
Donkey boss, $100.
26 laborers, you'll milt, f3R to 159 found.
26 woodsmen, $50 to fPO foutjd
MURRAY & RKADY. 684-639 Clay at.
8P BCI A H »
6 laborers, gold mlna, south, $40 ami found.
5 carpenters, Monterey County, $3 day.
Cheesemaker and milker, country. 1*0 found.
3 Jackscrewers, free fore, $50 found.
Boy, bakery, $15.
Married milker, $40; 8 woodrhoppsrn, $1 cor'J,
Farmer and wife. Colimn county; $B0 found.
Foreman dairyman, wlf# rnok.
Baker's helper. 10c fnrn, *'io found.
' Grocery clerk, $W.
Gardener, vegetables, flowers, $*0.
Two line pullere. L. Co., north, $40 found.
Man and wife, mine; woman, cook; $0fl fd.
Pantry boy, $20; bellboy, $20; porter, $20 fd,
Cook, city bakery. $1.S a week.
16 carpenters, different Jobs,
Trackman, lumber Co.. free fare. $10 A fd.
Painter, country. $2 50 day.
Choreman. private family. $30 .found. ¦
Waiter, country hotel. 75c fare, $30 found.
2 young men, city mill, $0 wqek.
MURRAY & READY. C31-C36 Clay st.
AT c) R. HANSEN & CO.'S EMP. AGENCY.
429 Bush st 642 Clay st.
SHIP DAILY FOR STATE OF NEVADA.
4 bridge carpenters.... $3 50
100 laborers, Reno, Nevada $2
100 laborers, Valmy, Nevada $2
100 laborers. Fenelon, Nevada $2
100 laborers, Beowawe, Nevada $2
Board $4 50 Week Free Fare.
•Absolutely Free Fare for All Above.
Slaughter-house butcher, country. $30 found.
Scandinavian cr German choreman, ranch,
$30. - «
Second butler, private.
i Broiler. 575; fryer. $75, city; second cook.
' country hotel, $40; waiter and dishwasher,
country hotel, $25-$30; second cook and
waiter, same country hotel, f4O-$3O; house-
man, country, $25; oysterman, city, $40;
pantryman, city, $30; bell and elevator boys,
dishwashers, potwashers, kitchen hands and
others.
C R. HANSEN & CO.'S EMP. OFFICE.
420 Bush Et C12 Clay st.
WANTED — For U. S. army, able-bodied, un-
married men. -between ages of 21 and 35, citi-
zens of United States of good character and
temperate habits, who can speak, read and
write English. For Information apply to Re-
cruiting Ofncer. Rlalto building. New Mont-
gomery St., San Francisco, or Masonic build-
ing, Sacramento. Cal.
A YOUNG man to work around an Institution
short distance out of city; $30, board and
room. Call after 9 at MISS PLUNKETT'S,
425 SutteV st.. near Powell.
A — KNIFE-CUTTER wanted who understands
ladW and children's wear. C56 Mission st.,
third floor.
WANTED — .Trustworthy man for light work;
steady place; good wages; must put up J15O
cash. Inquire 55 Third St., room 1.
BUTCHER, young man who can cut meat
and make himself generally useful around
market. 1004 Hyde st. -
WHY pay big prices to have your shoes half-
soled when you can get it done for 25c, 50o
and 60c. while you wait at 563 Mission St.,
etb. 1st and 2d sts.. or 11 Third St.?
BARBER wanted. Peerless Shaving Parlor, 6
Stockton st.
BARBER wanted at 126 Ellis St., the Royal
Shaving Parlor.
BARBER wanted, steady work, at C06 Clay st.
FIRST-CLASS barber wanted. 502 Turk st.
MEN to learn the barber trade; first-class In-
structions guaranteed. 611 Commercial st.
WANTED — First-class confectioner on cakes;
good salary; state references. Box 2008, Call.
WANTED — Oyster man. 4«9 Seventh st., Oak-
land.
BARBER desires evening work. 1410 Larkin
*t., near California.
BARBER shop, 3 chairs; living rooms; low
• rent. Corner Hyde and Geary «ts.
BARBER shop wanted in good country town.
Box 2007. Call office.
TRY our men's shoes, union made, at $1 and
$1 50 pair; foot-form shoes at $2 50; we pay
express or mall chrgs. 11 3d st.. Exam. bid.
MANAGER wanted at once to represent and
advertise an old established house of solid
financial standing: salary $20 weekly; ex-
penses paid in advance each Monday by check
direct from headquarters; permanent posi-
tion and good chance for advancement; good
references and security required. Box 271,
Sacramento. Cal.
WANTED — For U. S. Marine Corps, able-
bodied unmarried men, between 21 and 35;
good character; must speak, read and write
English; marines serve at sea on men-of-
war in all parts of the world, on land in our
island possessions, and at naval stations in
the United States. Apply at recruiting of-
fice, 40 Ellis st.. San Francisco. Cal., and
401 K et., Sacramento. Cal.
BRIGHT young man who thoroughly under-
stands bookkeeping; state age. experience,
salary expected and references; answer In
handwriting. Box 2005. Call office.
MEN to learn barber trade; only S weeks re-
quired; special offer this month; catalogue
and full information mailed free. MOLER
SYSTEM COLLEGE, 635 Clay st.
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkin, Reno House proprietor, has
added 100 new rooms to the Denver House,
217 Third st. ; 250 rooms; 25c to 50c per night.
WANTED — A nlclit porter to wash floor for
two hours every nisht, bet. 2 and 5 a.m.;
$15 a month. Call at 33 Fourth st.
TAILORS — Coatmakers wanted for the coun-
try. STEIN, SIMON & CO.. Market and
Second sts.
PENSION ATTY. M. HARRIS, 40 Ellis St.; 14
years' practice; references from thousands of
persons for whom I have secured pensions.
ACTIVE boy of 16 or IS for wholesale house.
Box 775, Call. "'¦
COATMAKER for country. Apply RE1SS
BROS. & CO.. 24 Sutter st.
SAILORS and ordinary seamen for Europe and
Australia. HERMAN'S. 26 Bteuart st.
BARBER shop for sale; 2 hydraulic chairs.
Address box 144. Yuba City^
McDONALD & PERRY have a large atork of
new and second-hand shoes; cheap. 239 3d st.
MEN to learn barber trade; catalogue m'alled.
8. F. Barber School. 741A Howard st.
PENSION atty. E. A. Bullls, room 40. Phelan
bldg. Past Com. Geo. H. Thomas Post, G.A.R.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 4 4 Third St.. near Mar-
ket — 7C0 rooms, 35c night; reading rooms;
free .'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call Branch dffice, cor. Duncan & Church sts.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia st. '
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, halt
price. RC3 Mission st.. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
GET your shoes half roled while waiting; 23o
to SfV. !i<rs Mission St.. b<»t. 1st wnd 2d sta.
HOUSES AND WAUOXS.
FOR sale — One mule, about 900 lbs; works sln-
j gle and double: good pack animal. At ROB-
ERTS',. 1C15 Market st.
H \RNESS and saddles, the best for the money,
at JEPSEN BROS. CO., inc.. the big store,
I 1145-1147 Market St., San Francisco.
SELLING out — 20 horses, 30 wagons, surries.
buggies and carts, 40 seta harness. Corner
' Fifteenth and Shotwell sts.
TWELVE horses for sale at Twenty-second and
I Florida sts. • - • . ¦' • . -:.
TWO-TON express wagon, cheap; fine saddle
j donkey. $20. 7!) City Hall ave.
2-TON coal wagon, $50; top wagon, $60; bug-
I gy, $12 50; horse. $25. 70 City Hall ave.
I MUST be sold at a sacrifice; 5 g6ods horses. 327
Sixth st. .. .
' Al EXPRESS wagon, light camping ¦ wagon
• and gocart for sale cheap. 532 Mission at.
¦ Largest assorttnt 2-hand wagons, buckb'd, «ur-
i rey, harness, work, driving horses. 15th-Valencia
THE^CALL
.T0HN D. SFBZCXEXtS. Proprietor.
ii'iisLtciiiuSi^iios" tt fcid s^ADSHT, Knazer
rrLEi'iic-NE.
A-:: for THE CALL. Tiie Operator Will Con-
:.';.: Ycu With the Department You Wish.
Punli<-at!cn Office Market and Third. S. F.
2:<::t<-rial l'.oon» 217 to 22i Stevenson st.
Delivered by Carrier*. 20 Cts. Per Week, 75
C'.e. Prr Month. Single Copies 5 Cents.
;>rr.f by Mail. Including Postage (Cath With
Order) :
DAILY CALL <inclu4. Sunday). 1 year.. .$800
I>AILY CALL Ur.clud. Stmflay), 6 me?... 4.00
DAILT CALL —By Single Month 75c
MNH.AY CALL. 1 Year 2.50
V.TXXl.r CALL. 1 Year 1.00
— , _.,.... 1 Daily. ..?S.SO Per Year Elctra
S2S?5? - Sunday.. 4.15 Per Yoar Extra
i O5-TAGE. LWcekJy.. 1.00 Per Year Extra
ALL POSTMASTERS ARE AUTHORIZED
TO RECEIVE SUBSCRIPTIONS.
fairp'.e Cctiea will b« forwarded when re-
quested.
Kafl nubfcrlbera in rrfiertnr change of ad-
Cr-n. i-hould be particular to give both NEW
*NI« OLI> ADDRESS In order to Insure a
prompt and correct compliance with their re-
fluert.
OAKLAND OFFICE.
113! Er«a<>ay Telephone Main 10M.
BERKgLaT OFFICE. _,
?!<* Center Street Telephone North 77
WASHINGTON CORRESPONDENT:
MORTON U. CHASTE 140C G Street. N. W.
NEW YORK NEWS STANDS:
v.sM'r.'-.'.rt',r!s Ilctel: A* Brentano. 31
l'r.if.r S.;uare; Murray H:I! Hotel; Fif-h-ave-
ri-e lintel an<l Hoffman House.
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
Fh-rr.-.cr. Hoane: P. O. News O>.: Great
Northern Hotel: Treir.cnt House; Auditorium
Hotel; Pclrrcr House.
CHICAGO REPRESENTATIVE:
C GEORGE KRO'JNTP5....Mar<iu«tte Bu!1d'g
<Lor.c Pittance Telephone, "Central 2C1».")
NEW YORK REPRESENTATIVE:
ETEPHEX ». FMITTI 30 Tribune Huliaiag
NTW YORK CORrtEEPONDENT:
C. C CARLTON HeraH Sauar*
BTSnCESS OFFICE of 'he Snn Francisco
Call, corner Mr.rk'-t a^d Third streets; open
uctil 12 o'clock every nieht :n the year.
BRANCH OFFICES:
t"7 Ue&tceSKty rtree'., corner Clay; open "un-
til 'J.20 o. m.
800 fiaye* rtr«^»t; open tmtll 9:30 p. rn.
«iSS M-A!i:rter street; open until 9:30 p. m.
*1.1 Le-;:in Ftrett: cpen until 0 :.":0 p. m.
!f*41 Miffion !>tr»-ct: open until 10 p. m.
tlCil llarlott ftieet. corner Sixteenth; open
ur.tt 1 a 11. m.
tM Eleventh street ; cpen until 9 p. rn.
1C$G V«lenc'.a rtreet; open until 0 p. m.
North<-art corner Church and Duncan streets:
Tx-ri until 0 t>. m.
KmUlWMl corner of Twenty-»»eond and
Kentucky rtreet*: open until » p. m.
??<Vi r-Slrrnrc *tre*< : rr-cn until 9 p. m.
MEKTIXG NOTICISS.
ASYLUM of Golden Gate Commandery . ?-
No. 16 K T «25 Sutter st— Stated CM'
K'sembly THIS EVENING at 8 fcjj
o'clock. OnV-r of Temple. All fra-
ters are cnurteou* ly Invited. By or-
der of the Commander.
THEO. FROLICH. P.erord°r.
PAN FTtAXCIECO Charter No. 1. Royal Q
Arrh Ma*ona. ni^ts THIS EVEN- YY
ING. Bodneaa an<1 M. M. degree. ¦ /V\
H. G. PRINCE. Sec.
HERMANN I».'.ce No. 727. F. an<i A. «
M. — Elated mating THIS DATlMOX- VV
DAY). NovemUr 2. 1WS. at 7:".0/V\
o 'dock p. m. By "rder of the W. M.
L. SCHUMACHER. Secretary.
KING Solomon's Lodpe No. 2G0. F. and J»
A. M.. l*:tx Flllmore «t. — Stated meet- 'vVf
ing and third degree THIS (MONDAY) /V\
EVENING at 7:."iO o'clock.
HARRY BAEHR. Secretary.
THE regular monthly. leTfi— .
r..(->r;sr .f tY-.f Society £$''OPr£tyj&&$.
¦ ' 1 '-.< .,'. .! i ia P. 1! • • r« CftJ^Sfw-lrt^ IP^M*
in. A full attendance
is requested. J. I. SPEAR. Sec.
ST. ANDREW'S Society — Annual v W s
election of office-bearers at Scot UJ7
tifh Hall. 117 Larkin st. "^*jCj»
TO-NIGHT. Polls open from ; '"S^V
10 H o'clock.
P. LIVINGSTON DUNN. President.
<:;:O. ST. JOHN BRKMNER, Secretary.
ATTO R X E Y S- AT-L AW.
ADVICE FREE.
OLD F.STABLISHED.
COLUMBIAN LAW & COLLECTION AGENCY
' AW? attorney*. Km. 85. »Ki Market, opposite
Emporium. Bad tenants ejected speedily and
rea*cn&bly. Collections, no matter how small.
attended to; attachm»nt«; bonds furnished; cur-
rorations rnranirrd; civil and criminal practu-e.
Tel. John «C20. Open evenings by appointment.
We solicit an interview with yoir »
THE LEGAL ADVISORY. Inc.
Practice, in F^Wal and all State courts.
Attachm^ntg. .iivorce, mining, bankruptcy,
prosecutions, adjustments, corporations, pat-
ExperW-ncel and Reliable Attorneys Engaged.
Advice guaranteed. Correspondence solicited.
611. 511 A. 51 IB Cnwslpy Bldg. Tel John 2920.
N. E. Cor. New Montgomery and Mission St?.
ADVICE FltEE. ESTABLISHED 22 YEARS.
Divorces a Sr>e<ia]ty. Private. Quick.
NO PAY UNLESS SUCCESSFUL.
G. W. HOWE. Ati'.v-*t-Law.
1122 Market tt.. befeca Mason and Taylor.
Nearly opposite •'Hale'e" Dry Goods Store.
ROBT. W. KING, atty-at-lnw. Examiner bid.,
room Cll; all cafes, damagf-s, estates, wills,
attachments, collection?, etc., consultation
free; no advance charge* ; call or write;
evenings by appointment. Tel. Red 3601.
ADVICE free — I will advance oost in meritori-
ous capes, divorcet, probate and all other law
cat»«: no foes In advance; open every even-
!ng. J- M. THCRSTON. 819 Market St., r. 31.
AIA'JCH free— I will advance osts In all canes
of merit; r.o advance charges, no fee, unless
suctxfsfu;. E. J. BANKS, Examiner build-
ins, third floor.
DIVORCE costn (12; open evenings: tenants
•Jected. f 3. 91« Market, r. 52. phon« Black 651.
A. M. EWING— Attorney-at-law. Room C12,
Tarrott l»u! ldir.tr ; phone South C53.
DIVORCE — Certs. $12; quick, quiet; open even-
IngF. 927 Market et.. room 301.
L. S. OLARlv. Kmma Spreckels bldg.. 927 Mar-
ket tt. ; consultation froe: no fees in advance.
AITKKN * AITKEN. attorneys, is. :;09-10-ll
Ouni* bldg.. 503 <'alifornla St.; tel. Main 727.
'::. TEMPLE, atty-at-law. i)3 Chronicle bldg.;
rommlttloner for»oathr. England and IrelanJ.
ADVICE free: r.o charge unless euecegnf ul ; all
law buflnefs. W. W. Davidson. 827 Market.
DIMNESS CHAXCKS.
Ton rale— Cheap; grocery store, fixtures, safe,
• etc.; formerly own*,] by Fitzpatriek & Ward;
well rtoefced; Gld-«-g{abl:5hed bU5ine«s: good
ncSXtrtltnUy: southwest corner of 24tb and
Shotwell *t*. Apply Xj. A. CURTIN, room
2*. IhinJ floor Mills buildine.
FOR sale— $25,000: steam teer brewery in best
running < rder ano dolni: a fine business; good
reaFf.n V<r exiling. Apply to P. C. LASSEN
_& CO.. 4CC Tenth ft.. Oakland. Cal.
t750— DELICACY etore; relect rooming dis-
trict; 2 living roofns; owner called away.
Bex 700. call of flee.
FAMILY for ranch. Sonoma. County; free rent
for cere of It: i-eservolr water piped to house
f & carder.: mtst have good team: eprlTij? wag-
onar.'l for.j* money to start with. 4!>W 18th.
$255— RESTAURANT: rrntral. Fifth et.. near
MlsM<-.r>: 3 livinc rooms above; rent $35- en-
taHlshyd 20 yean. fc2» Mission Ft.
CI-GTHINO end inen'« furnishings 7n gco4
town near rity: cheap rent; Invoice $C0O0
»m 2C75. CaJl office. .
BARGAIN— Temperance grocery store; gocd lo-
catlon; elokneis. 445 Hayes nt.
ATTENTION, fhoemaker*. A good repairing
tho;> for sale near city. Aoply at 35 Stev-
Qssjaa it.
$I4f"0 — HOTEL with stood har trade in uood
caaaXir town nr^ar Oakland. P. C. LASSFN
& CO.. 4W Tenth «t.. O»k!and, Cal.
A 1 /.PGA IN— Photo Ftudlo: central location;
other busine** demands my attention; no
tirnt fcr :ritl«T*. AddrvFe box 750. Call.
EAKEHY for ssle at l.VJO Church atTi good
bujme5»: a!l More trade; owner coins East.
PARTNER In flrst-claaa saloon. Inquire at
!8»S Howard tt.
LODGIXG-IIOl'SES FOR SALkT.
lO-HOOM house; offer wanted. COS Eddy ft.
COLLKCTIOr: OFFICES.
KAU tenants ejected for 54; collections made-
«-i«y or rouiitry. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO.. 415, Montsom»»ry. rooms O-1O; tel. f.r.Sii
CKEDIT CLOT2IEES.
C. F. ADAMS CO.
SPECIAL CREDIT STORE..* w- , r
We clothe the whole family from hats to
rhoex; everything vp to date at cash prices.
Credit for ail. SIS Mason at.
j SPIRITUALISM.
PROF. Fred P. Evans, noted psychic for slate-
¦ writing and clairvoyance; stamp tor clrcuiar.
' * 1112 Eddy *t.. nr. Octavia; phone gcott 8S7.
' MRS MOOR. 1004 McAllister; test Wed. and
Fri. eve.; 10c; reading, ladies. 25c; gents. 50c.
' EDWARD EARLU, 1052 Ellis, readings daily.
; 3:30 to 4; Fewncea Sunday and Thursday.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
I MY Regular $3 Readings This Week for
$1 si n $1 $1 $1 $1 $1
PROFESSOR PAUL DESTINE.
: The First Registered Trance Clairvoyant and
PalmiEt Ever in San Francisco.
* I <:¦< hereby solemnly agree and guarantee
i¥s maki: no charge if I fail to tell you your
• name, occupation and what you called for;
! I promise to tell you whether husband, wife j
: or sweetheart Is true cr false; I tell you j
' whom and when you will marry; in fact. I
; will tell you every hope, fear or ambltUm
' better than you can tell yourself; I lmprcrve
I your character eo that you will reach the
i highest possible development in mental vigor.
! health happiness and capacity to earn
i wealth; so you will live happy and contented
i the rest of your life. Hours 10 a. m. to 8
; p. ro.; Sundays. 2 to S. 320 O'Farrell st.. 32rf. I
MME. M. BERNARD. THE FAMOUS
Clairvoyant and business medium, perma- j
r.ently located at 17 Third »«t.. next Examiner
b!dg. : she reads your life correctly, glvea an
accurate description of the past, reveals the
pretept happen laus and portrays events to
1 occur in the future; if you are In trouble, dis-
contented or not Eatisfied In life, cr have do-
mestic, love or business troubles, consult this
».-reat medium ar.il ycu will be told how to
overcome them ; valuable advice ia all affairs
1 of lifr-; 25c up; satisfaction guaranteed; read-
I lr.gs by mr.ll. Tel. Blaqk 4500.
! 1SMAR. the Egyptian gypsy, clairvoyant and
I palmist, permanently located at 1104 Market
•t.. cor. Turk; private readings daliy, 10 a.
! in. to 5 p. m. ; readings by mail as satisfac-
tory ai in person: 3 questions answered, $1:
full life. $5 : sead lock of hair, date and yaar
of birth: dcr.'t send currency. Bind postofflc*.
Wellr-Farpo money order or registered letter. |
I A— MME. PORTER, scientific clairvoyant and
card reader, born with a double veil and sec-
cr.d r'.s'it: telis the past, present ar.d future;
iad.es, 50c; cents. 11: by cards, palmistry
nnd clairvoyant sitting: » 50. 12': Turk St.
! MRS. A. H. Kronenberg. ralrcilst. clairvoyant.
card r«"3d»r will give u cood reading. 10c. for
• a 6hcrt time or.ly; when others fail try me to
rcnvince ronrt«lf. 721 Franklin, near Turk.
• JIMK. l.V.K. pa!:nlriry and clairvoyant: hours
»-5; ev.-nings nn1 Sunday' by nrrxilntmcnt:
re=*ing* 5t>c. So."; Larklr. r.t., rrcms 17 & 18.
i A— Mrr.e. Ravenna reads IIf», business advice:
names given: 2.1c ap. "» 4th St.. neir Market.
1 MME. MARSEAU — Clairvoyant, card reader;
ladies 2jc. gents 50c; hrs.. 1 to 9. 545 Minna.
'¦ MME. I.AMAR, wonderful palmist; card read-
rr; Cr>c. 50c. 520 Jones St.; hoi:rs 1-0 p. m.
1 MRP. BROWN, clairvoyant, cord reader: ladles
25c. gents M)e; readings daily. 132 Sixth ft.
! MMH WALTRRS.great card reader; ladles 25e.
gents 5Oc. 051 Mission St.. r.r. Cth; open Sun.
; PARTHENA. sifted clair. Just from East;
wonderful prophetess. 507 Post «t., nr.Mason.
' MIPS WARD elves names, dates and facts;
hours 10 to 9. 413 Ma^on st. ; no sign.
' Mrs. Wyran. gifted clairvoyant, card reader,
test medium; la. 25c. 1008 Harrigon. r.r. 6th.
I OLDEST lady palmist and card reader in city.
2CVi Kearny, room 20: ladles 25c: gents 50c.
MRS? SHAFER clairvoyant, card reader: *lt-
tlngs daily. 4-JSU J»f»!e tt.. het. 5th wnd 6th.
CARPET BEAT! JIG AXD CJLE^^IXO:.
AIR compressed, dry. ice cold. Is new univer-
sally used in sanitary cleaning carpets, on
floor, without removal or injury: prices mod-
erate. Apply S. F. COMPRESSED AIR
CLEANING CO.. Call bid.; phone Main 5237.
! WHEN you become disgusted with your work
send for SPAT - L1)ING"S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
ing Works. 355-357 Tehama st. ; tel. South 40.
i SMITH'S Carcet Cleaning Co.; Al work guar-
anie-d, 3c. 1S43 15th Et.; j.hone Capp 1551.
: WESTERN Carpet <"loanlng Work*. 1SO0 Har-
rlFOn St.; At cleaning; 3c; tel. Mission 225.
; CALIFORNIA Carpet-beating Co.. J. McQueen,
proprietor, 320 Guerrero St.: tel. Mission 49.
i TRY IIOPKE BROS.; excellent carpet-beat!r.g;
| mattresses made over. 1432 Howard ;South 21C.
! ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter St.;
teL Main 3&4. GEO. WALCOM & CO.. Props.
' RUDOLPH & CO.. carpet-beating works: prices
"j reasonable. 1703 Harrison St.: tel. Mission 203.
! COXKLIN'S Superior Carpet-beating Works,
:«3 Golden Gate ave.: telephone East 120.
DEXTISTS.
! ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC, 809 Market St..
i cor. Fourth, room 7. Flood bulldinr: extrac-
tions done painlessly; teeth without plate*
our epeclalty: cold crowns, $3 50 up; plates,
$4 50 up, extraction free; office hours, 9
a. m. to 9 p. m. ; Sundays, 9 to 2.
DR. GRUSS, 504-5-6 Callaehan bldg.. Market
and McAllister sir., use* the Basford Obtun-
der, the only device ever invented ror grind-
ing. Grilling and excavating teeth absolutely
without pain. For demonstration and proof
call at office.
| DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market. nr.Eleventh
— No charge for extracting when plates are
made; old plates made over like new; t?eth
from $S per set; extracting. 50c; gas glvrn.
i A NEW plate — The Whalebone — cannot break;
warranted 20 yrs.; crown. $3 50: fillings. 50e;
plates. (5; full set;all work palnlefss and war-
ranted. Chlcaco Dental Parlors, 24 Sixth st.
i GOLD fillings. 75c; silver, :55c; crowns, $2: no
pain: open Sunday. Dr.O.B.Hewitt,204 Sutter.
: PARIS Dental Parlors, 233 Kearny, cor. Bush-
Set teeth $1 50 up; crowns $2 up; fillings 25c.
| DRESSMAKERS AND SEA3ISTRESSE3
I ACCORDION sunburEt & knife plaiting. Stew-
art's button & buttonhole factory 110 Taylor.
; McDOWELL Dressmaking and Millinery School
— Any pattern cut to measure. 1019 Market.
EDUCATIONAL. •
I THE San Francisco Young Men's Christian As-
i scci&Uon conducts a night school for men. an
engineering school, an evening law school, a
working boys' nij?ht school and a day business
and academic school. Students have gymnas-
ium and other i>nvilepes. Apply at Y. M. C.
A. building. Mason and Ellis £ts.
i IlfcAL~D 7 S~BUSINEsY COLLEGE. 24 POST. S.
F. — Bookkeeping, shorthand, touch typing,
: languages, telegraphy. English branches; day
'¦ and night versions; Illustrated catalogue free.
; HINMAN'S Academy; a thorough school of
dancing; eetablithed 2<» years. 1412 Polk St.,
between line and California; both adult and
j children'*! clasfir-a are now open for the season.
AYRES. the leading business college. 72.'t Mar-
ket st. ; special summer course in all depart-
ments; handsome catalogue free; life scholar-
ship. $5U; day and evening sessions.
i CALIFORNIA Business College, 305 Larkin et.
"A thorough school"; positions secured for
ri;.«!uat<-p; modern methods; Individual in-
struction. Write for illustrated catalogue.
THE Lyceum, an accredited preparatory school
for the university, law and medical collt-ges;
ref.. President Jordan or any Stanford profes-
' For; day and evening sessions. Phelan bldg.
! THE PAUL GERSON School of Acting, the
foremost Institution of the kind in the entire
I We^; 12 teachers: send for catalogue. Native
; Hons' bide. 414 J'ason St.
A— SAN FRANCISCO Business College. 1236
Market st. — Practical, progressive, reliable;
Cay and evening sessions; write for catalogue.
DANCING Tuesday. Thursday, Saturday. Sun-
day evgs.. Toutonla Hall. Howard St., nr.
Oth. Prof. Foster; society dancing taught.
ENGINEERING — Civil, elec. min., mech., sur-
vey assay, cyanide; day. eve. ; est. 1864. Van
der Nalllen School, 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
j HEALD'S School of Mines & Electricity. 24 Post
Ft.. S. F. : a practical school of engineering;
\ complete equipment. Special catalogue • free.
GOLDEN Gate Com'l Colleg"e, 530. Golden Gate
ave.; full business course; day and evening.
SCHOOL OF ILLUSTRATION Day and
PARTINGTON'S. 424 Pine st Night class.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing,
etc.; day or e\>. ; $5 mo. 1024 Mlssiorf.nr. tith.
~ E.MI'LOY31KVr OFFICES.^
GEORGE AOKI, 421 Post St.; tel. Bush 135 —
I Japancse-Chinere employment office; fur-
i r.lsh'-s bvgt help; contracts for farm help, etc.
A— ORPHEUM Employment Office— Japanese-
Chlneee help. 420 Powell. Tel. Main 5752.
A — GRAND Japanese-Chinese Emp. Office. 415
Stockton; teL Grant 1CS; expert, reliable help.
• RELIABLE Japnnese-ChincEe Employment Of-
nce; all kinds help. 315 Stockton: Main 51SS.
CHINESE arid Japanese help; cstab. 21) years.
Tel. Main 191)7. BRADLEY & CO., 040 Clay.
EMl'LO VMEXT WA.M'KDr- FEMALE.
SWEDISH girl, does not speak English, would
like to do general housework In a small fam-
ily; wagts $15. Call at 2374 Bryant St., cor-
ner Twenty-fecond.
NEAT, honest girl, first-class cook; American
family r no mall answered; wages $5. 245
- Clara st.
A COMPETENT woman nurse would -care for
flck or invalid; terms reasonable. 630 Turk.
A COMPETENT German lady would like work
by the day. Call at 123A Eighth st. .
RESPECTABLE lady wishes position as house-
keeper for a widower that baa children.- Box
768. Call office.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED — FEMALE.
DRESSMAKER, coat and suit maker, flnt-
class cutter and fitter; a few more engage-
ments by the day In private families; only
the best of work done. E. BARS8, 04 Web-
Etcr tt. ______
WANTED— Situation as lady's maid by young
woman who is an excellent reader and fine
EeamstreEs; references. Address box 7S4,
Call office.
WOMAN wants position to do washing or
houseeleaning by day. 1316 Shotwell st.
EXPERIENCED young lady wishes position aa
assistant bookkeeoer. Good references. Box
779. Call. v
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at j
Call Branch office, cor. Duncan & Church sts.
WANT ads and subscriptions taken for The
Call at Eaton's Bazaar, «33 McAllister at.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1006
Valencia i»t. '
EMPLOYMENT WANTED- -MALES. .
POSITION by a young'man of 3 years' general
office experience; thoroughly familiar with
railroad office work; good bookkeeper and
uses the typewriter rapidly; willing to begin
reasonably; only requests a trial. Box .2663.
Call office.
WANTED — Situation on private place as gar-
dener/ horseman and driver; can run steam
hot water heater; references. Box 2681, Call.
WANTED— Position for about 3 hours every
evening doing correspondence work, address-
ing envelopes or any kind of clerical work;
know how to figure rates. Box 798. Call.
RESPECTABLE young man. sober and reli-
able, wishes position in flret-class house to
learn bartending; city or country. Box 2672,
Call office^ ;
ACCOUNTANT, experienced in mercantile and
mining business, wishes position in any lo-
cality; good references. Box 7S7, Call office.
WANTED — Some kind of light work, watch-
man preferred; can deposit from 5500 to $800.
Box 2677. Call office.
GOOD, sober man wants steady wcrk of any
• kind; can milk, care of horses; no garden
work; city or country. Box 2002. Call.
POSITION as traveling salesman for farm
machinery; can furnish good references. Box
S42. Call office, Oakland.
EXPERIENCED carpet rr.an. cutter, fitter and
layer, wants oosltlon, city or country. Ad-
dr'eES Box 2001. Call. ¦
i V.'ANTICD — To wash Rteps. water, the garden;
Japanese, named George. 1410 «Plne St.;
phone Hyde 171.
HIGH-CLASS Eastern window trimmer would
like position: bent o? refs. Box 2C04. Call.
YOUNG man would like to drive a delivery
wagon or milk wagon. Box 2673, Call office.
WANTED — Position as tinner and pipe fitter,
country. Box 785, Call office.
YOUNG Jananese boy wants situation as
schoolbov; can speak srood English and
knows a little about cooking. Send me postal
ar.d I will call. HARRY T. WAKIMOT,
42(5 Keamy st.
CHINESE flm-class cook, with first-class ref-
erences, wants a first-class family plac?,
withort table work; city or country. Ad-
dress- 734A Jackson St.. room 21. third floor.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call Branch office, cor. Duncan & Church sts.
FACIAI. MASSAGE. .
A — WRINKLES removed; fine complexion guar-
anteed, new method: 50c. M. LUTON. manl-
curlng parlors. 704 Larkin st. : phone Polk 17.
FINANCIAL. '
4~p"ER"CENT"to"TpER J 'cE7^HVaH"G J RTDE
Municipal, School, Railroad and Corporation
Bonds,
Bank and Trust Company Stocks, .
Selected for conservative .Investors.
Write for information to
HEAZELTON & CO.,
Stock and Bond Brokers,
Hayward Building,
San Francesco. Cal.
FOR sale— Few thousand treasury stock large
corporation; pay 15 pr cent div. Box "92, Call.
FURNITURE FOR • SALE.
FOR SALE — By private party, nice household
goods; stored at 95S Harrison St.; at home
Sunday.
~~~ furniture: •wanted.
A, WOLLPERT. 773 Mission, phone Red 44C2,
buys, rents, repairs, packs furniture, carpets.
HIGHEST price for furniture and mdse. L. H.
BURP, auctioneer. 1318 Mkt.; tel. Howard 2759.
FLATS TO LET.
A — HOUSES and flats to let: an Immense list;
service absolutely free; take advantage of
this department; it will eave you time and
trouble. Cordes Furniture Co., 245-250 Geary
st., on the square. ¦
THREE-ROOM flat completely furnished;
young man to board; plenty of room for
couple without children. C. C. SAYRE, 143
Vlcksburg St.. or call between 7 and Dp. m.
A SUNNY corner, 6-room fiat; first class in
every respect. 3945 17th St.. few doors from
Market. Castro and 18th st. cars.
BRYANT, 321, corner — Two flats of 5 rooms
and bath. $12 and ?14. Apply flat C, on prem-
ises.
ALPINE, 173 — New upper flat, 8 rooms, bath;
all modern improvements :sun every room;$25.
BEAUTIFUL sunny flat, 7 rooms, large base-
m't, porch. 1610>4 Bush, nr Van Ness. Cheap.
ELLIS. 810, nr. Polk — For business purposes; 3
rms.; all conveniences; electric light, power.
MCALLISTER. IOCS, near Park — Modern sunny
upper fiat; 5 rooms and bath; rent $22 50.
$18— 51S JERSEY, near Twenty-fourth— Mod-
ern flat, 5 rooms and bath; no children,
VAN NESS and Union — Light and sunny 8
rms: modern and up-to-date. Rent reasonable.
FLATS TO LET FURNISHED.
LOWER floor; furnished; very large, sunny
rooms; desirable location; near Golden Gate
Park; no children; $25; references required.
Box 2678. Call office. •
FLAT. 3 furnished rooms and bath, for house-
koeplng. 1717 Webster st. : $22 50; no children.
FLATS FOR SALE — FURNISHED.
A NEW, handsome 7-room flat to rent; fur-
niture for sale; bargain. 110S Maj-.cnic ave.,
near Pace.
HELP WANTED FE3IALE.
A LADY'S maid, $23; a German nurse for one
grown child, $20; a helper in an Institution
In city, $20; a woman to help a cook for
workingmen'a boardingr-houso <can take ono
child), wages $25; a parlor maid and waltresh
with references, $30; 2 chambermaids, will-
Ing to assist 'n waiting, wages $25, place In
the city; a young nurne for two children, $20;
a German cook for German family, $i>5; a
cook for small family In San Jose, $30. MIfeS
PLUNKETT. 425 Sutter St.. near Powell.
A WOMAN with ono child as working houso-
". , keeper; see party here Monday morning
MISS PLUNKETT, 425 Sutter St., nr. Powell.
A — Girls to learn millinery now for fall season;
both seasons taught from start to lUiish in i
month for $10; positions as trimmers, sales-
ladies, etc.. guaranteed at $10 per week up;
day and evening class. 143 Stockton st,. r. 13.
A — WANTED — Glrla lo learn' halrdressing.
manicuring, etc. ; trade taught from A to Z
In 2 weeks; $5 to those entering now; 3 po-
sitions to fill Immediately; positions guaran-
teed at $10 per week up; leading bchool in
West. 233 Geary st.. room 13.
A — LADIES to learn all branches halrdresslns
tnide; manicuring, tnasaage, etc.. 1236 Mar-
ket et.. cor. Jones, room 04; positions secured
at highest wages; day and eve. clas*; call.
The coppers and dimes which you pay for an Ad
Are money well spent; and success will be had
If the Ad's in The Call, for that Is the way
Good Jobs may be had at the best kind of pay.
'And then If it happens that something Is lost
You'll get it again at a very small cost;
Or if you should chance to hav& something to sell
You'll customers find at a profit as well.
You see by these facts that it can't be gainsaid
That this paper's "Want Ads are every day read.TO SAIL.
FROM SEATTLE.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey —
I Time and Heights of High and Low
"Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au»
thority of the Superintendent.
. NOTE — The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about 25
minutes later than at Fort Point; the height
of tide is the same at both places, j
MONDAY. NOVEMBER 2.
Sun rises 6:36 a. re.
Sun sets •— 5:11 p. m.
Moon sets 3:48 a. m.
rj Time Timel Time| (Time'
% |— 1 Ft. | (Ft. 1 Ft.! Ft.
¦\ lt " w |H W] Lffj ]HW : .
~2 2iii 1.6J 9:281 5.413:451 0.9110:171 4.7
3 I 3:3H 1.81 9:56 6.5 4:15 0.41UUS5 4.8
4 4:10 2.0|l0:25i. 5.6| 4:52|— O.1|U:54 4.9
5. 4:4S 2.2)10:56} 5.71 5:34|— O.4|...-J ,
HW JL.Wr - IH,W|- .LWl-/
6 0:42 -4.915:30] 2.4111 :34{ 5.7 6:191— «.«
7.{ 1:32 4.9( 6:13| 2.6jl2:17J , 5.7 7:07|— O.8
NOTE — In the "above exposition o£ ; the tides j
the early morning tides are given in the left
hand column and the successive " tides : of - the
day in the order of occurrence as to time: the
fourth time column gives the last tide of the
day, except when there are but three tides, aa
sometimes, occurs. The 'heights given are in
addition- to th« soundings of the United States
Coast Surrey charts, -except when a minus (— )
eign precedes the height, and then the number
given is , subtracted ¦ from the depth ; given - by
the charts. :- The plane of reference Is toe mean
CT tae lower low waters.' ¦
¦ Insanity has for years been on the In
crease In Ireland, and a medical commis
sion declares that the increase - of In
sanity and melancholia is largely due to
excessive tea drinking.
Ernest von Blucher, claiming to be
first mate of a German ship which arrived
in port Saturday from Havre, complained
to the police yesterday that he had been
robbed on Saturday night of $200. He said
he had been in company with. a woman
named Mary Dolllver -. and - during the
evening- had been" drinking freely. Yen
Bleucher was taken to the Emergency
Hospital yesterday to recover from .the
effects of the"liauor he.had been imbib
ing. The police are 'investigating the al
leged robbery.,'
Sailor Wrecked oa Land.
Sun, Moon and Tide.
Steamer. For. | Sails.
Al-Kl Skagway & Way Ports. Nov. 4
DIrigo Skagway & Way Ports. Nov. 6
Bertha Valdez & Way Ports.. Nov. 7
Valencia Skagway £ Way Ports. Nov. j 7
Dolphin Skagway A Way Ports. Nov. 7
Farallon J Skagway & Way Ports. Nov. 10
City Seattle.. :| Skagway & Way Ports. Nov.- 14
Three Hen Assault, John Shea, a
Driver, 'and. One of Them. Is
Arrested.
John Shea, driver of a milk wagon for
the Guadaloupe Dairy, Fifteenth avenue
and San Bruno road, was found at
Twenty-First and Valencia streets about
3 o'clock yesterday morning by Police
men Wollweber and Fogarty bleeding
from wounds In his head. Shea told the
officers that while making his . rounds
he was attacked by John McLeod. a ship
wright and two brothers named Walsh
and beaten on the head with milk cans,
which they took from the wagon.
Shea's explanation of the attack was
that the "Walsh brothers had been em
ployed by the Guadaloupe Dairy but
were discharged and he got one of their
lobs Thev threatened for that reason
to assault "him on the first opportunity.
Shea was sent to the City and County
Hospital, where his wounds were stitch
ed and dressed. He said he • would
sswear out warrrants for the arrest of
the three men this morning. McLeod
was arrested later and booked at the
City Prison on a charge of assault with
a deadly weapon. Detectives Graham
and Fitzgerald are looking for the
Walsh brothers. .
BEATEN ON THE HEAD
WITH HIS MTXiK CANS
Steamer. \ Destination. Sails. 1 Pier.
November 2. |
Calif omian New York direct | Pier 23
C Nelson.. Los Angeles Ports. 10 am Pier 2
Czarina Coos Bay direct 12 miPier 8
San Pedro. Humboldt 4 pm Pier 2
Olympic... Whatcom & Falrh'n 4 pm,Pter 2
City Puebla Pu&et Sound Ports. 11 am Pier 9
November 3. 1 ¦
Coronado.. Grays Harbor ..... 4 pm (Pier 10
P Barbara L 0 * Angeles Ports. 1 pm Her 2
Corona.... Humboldt 1:30 p! Pier 9
November 4. I - "
Centennial. Seattle & Tacoma. 10 am Pier 2
Chehalis... Grays Harbor Pier 2
S Monica. Los Angeles Ports. 4 pm Pier 2
G.W. Elder. Astoria & Portland 11 am! Pier 21
November S. I
Alliance... Eureka & Coos Bay 10 amiPler 16
Eureka Humboldt 9 am Pier 13
State of Cal San Diego & Way. 0 am'Pler 11
Bonlta Newport & Way.. 9 am j Pier 11
November 6. I
Pomona... Humboldt l:30pjP!er 9
Rainier Seattle & Whatcom 4 pmjPler 10
Ramses.... Hamburg & Way.. 2 pmlPler 10
N'ovember 7. I
Ft. Arena. . .Point Arena 4 pmfPler 2
Centralia.. Grays Harbor .... 4 pmjPler 10
Rival Willapa Harbor ... 4 pmjPier 2
Alameda. . J Honolulu 11 amiPier 7
IJmattlla.. Puget Sound Ports. 11 amjPier 9
Curacao... Mexican Ports 10 am Pier 11
Peru N. Y. via Panama 12 m'Pler 4Q
November 8. ( I
Newburg. . Grays Harbor 1 4 pmfPler 10
November 9. I J
N. Fork... Humboldt j 5 pm Pier 2
Columbia.. Astoria & Portland|tl am|Pler 24
N'ovember 10. | I
A. Mara... China & Japan I 1 pm; Pier 40
J. Dollar... Seattle & Tacoma.|l0 ana'Pler 2
Shipping -Intelligence.
ARRIVED. .
Sunday. November 1.
Stmr Corona. Johnson, 20 hours from Eu
reka.
Stmr Scotia, Erlckscn. 10 hours from Bowens
Landing.
Stmr Mackinaw, Etorrs, 95 hours from Ta
coma.
Stmr Ruth. Reed. 42 hours from S*n Pedro.
Stmr Gipsy, Iceland. 22 hours from Moss
Landing.
Stmr Cella. Nordberg, 19 hours from Albion.
Stmr Rainier, Har.sen, 80 hours from What
com.
Stmr Newsboy, Adler. 31 hours from Eureka.
Stmr Olyrnnlc, Hansen. 33 hours from San
Pedro.
Stmr San Pedro, Andreaen. SI hours from
Ventura.
Whaling stmr Beluga. Bodfish, 17 days from
Port Clarence.
Br hark AncenJa, Salter. 79 days from New
castle, Australia.
Brig W G Irwln. Hansen. 10 days from
Roche Harbor.
Schr Fanny Dutard, Andersen, 10 days from
Coos Bay.
Schr Mary C, Campbell, 10 hours from Bo
dega.
Schr Challenger, Anderson, 12 daya from
Whatcom-
Whaling echr Gotama. Macoxnber, 21 days
from Fox Island.
SAILED.
Sunday, November 1.
Stmr Coos Bay. NIcolson. San Pedro.
Stmr Santa Rosa, Alexander, San Diego.
Stmr Arcata. Nelson. Coos Bay.
Stmr Phoenix, Odland. Mendoclno.
Stmr Fulton. Le«. Bowfens Landing.
Etmr Samoa. Madsen. Caspar.
Ktmr Guaiaia. Johnson, Notleys Landing.
Stmr Mcntara, Rellly. Seattle.
Stmr Ruth, Reed. .
Br bark Onon. Shand, Queenstown.
Fr bark Ernest Reyar. Dieulaugard, Hull.
Sehr Ida A. Beck. Point Reyes.
Schr Fortuna. Erlckson, Eureka.
Schr Abble. Larsen, Point Arena.
Schr Viking, Petersen. Astoria.
Schr Gem. Benson.. Coquille River.
Schr Advance. Ogldnessen. Coquille River.
Schr Ruby. Korth. Coquille River.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS, NOT 1. 10 d m — Weather
clear; wind W, velocity S miles per hour. P
SPOKEN.
Per Br bark Ancenis — Sent 23, lat 5 08 N.
Ion 14S W. Br shlo River Indus, from Port
Blakeley, for Fremantle.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
REDONDO— Sailed Nov 1— Schr Luzon, 'for
Tacoma.
SEATTLE— Sailed Oct 31— Stmr Humboldt.
for Skagway."
PORT UO3 ANGELES — Sailed Nov 1 — Stmr
Lakme, for San Francisco.
PORT HARFORD — To sail Nov 2. 1 a m —
Stmr Bodta. for San Francisco.
FORT BRAGG — Sailed Nov 1 — Stmrs Na
tional City and Point Arena, for San Fran
cisco. • •
WESTPORT — Arrived Nov 1 — Stmr West
port, hence Oct 31.
HARDY CREEK — Sailed Nov 1— Stmr
Brunswick, for Fort Bragg. j .
SANTA BARBARA — Arrived Nov 1 — 8tmr
Coronado, from Redondo.
Sailed Nov 1 — Stmrs State of California and
Bonlta, for San Francisco.
EUREKA — Arrived Oct SI — Stmr South Bay.
hence Oct SO. Nov 1 — Schr John A, hence
Oct 26: stmrs Pomona. Arctic and Eureka,
hence Oct 31.
Sailed Nov 1— Bktn James Johnson, for San
Francisco. - •
ASTORIA— Sailed Nov 1— Stmr Columbia,
for Ean Francisco.
FOREIGN PORT.
PORT PIRIE— Armved Nov 1— Bktn Jane L
Stanford, from Port Ludlow.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
TENERIFFE— Arrived Nov 1— Stmr Hermls.
from Tacoma. Seattle, via Valparaiso, etc. and
Montevideo, for Hamburg.
- LTVERPOOL-^-Arrlved Nov 1 — Stmr Umbria.
from New York, for Queenstown; stmr Cymric,
from New York, via Queenstown.
QUEENSTOWN — Arrived Nov 1 — Stmr Eax
onla, from Boston, for Liverpool, and pro
ceeded.
NAPLES— Arrived. Nor 1 — Stmr Urania,
from New York, for Venice, etc.
MOVILLE — Sailed Oct 31 — Stmr Columbia,
from Olasgow, for New York.
LONDON — Sailed Nov 1 — Etmr Mlnnetonka.
for New Y*rk-
QUEENSTOWN— Sailed Nov 1— Stmr Cam
pania, from Liverpool, for New York. ,
.- NEW YORK — Arrived Nov 2 — Stmr La
Champagne, from Havre; jitmr Hellig Olav.
from Copenhagen, . Cbrlstlanla and Christian
sand. * . .:¦ .. * ¦
It is officially estimated that the wheat
crop in India is 184,000,000 bushels, against
238,000,000 bushels last . season and 227,000,
000 bushels the average of five past years.
Owing to a" cTecline In the Swiss watch
trade, many' emigrants are leaving Switz
erland for Canada, and the United States.
Steamer. From. 1 Pn«-
San P«>dro.... San Pedro ....—.*Nov. .2
G./W. Elder.. Portland &• Astoria.... (Nov. -2.
G. Dollar San Pedro .."....: ;.". .;!Nov.**2
Lakme San Pedro ,.. Nov. 2
Empire Coos Bay t 1^ 0 *- 2
R. Dollar San Petlro - P"* ov ; 2
C. Nelson Portland & Astoria tNo*. 2
State of Cal.. ' San Diego & Way Ports; Nov. 2
Bonlta •"• Newport & Way Ports. (Nov. 2
Alliance Portland & Way Ports-JNov. 3
Mlneola...... Tacoma jNov. 3
Coronado San Pedro |Nov. 3
S Barbara...- Seattle & Olympla jXov. 3
Alameda Honolulu {Nov. 3
Umatllla Puget Sound Ports (Nov. 3
Rival Willapa Harbor (Nov. 4
Chehalis S»B Pedro ....jNov. 4
Centralia Grays Harbor {Nov. 4
Eureka Humboldt ...jNov. 4
Pomona Humboldt INov. 4
S Monica Grays Harbor Nov. 4
San Juan STew York via Panama. Nov. 4
Del Norte.... Crescent City Nov. 5
Santa. Rosa... San Diego & Way PortsiNov. 5
Point Arena.. Mendoclno & Pt- Arena.|Nov. 5
J Dollar Seattle & Tacoma jNov. 5
Newburg..-.. Grays Harbor ....^...INov. 5
Arcata Coos Bay & Port Orford; Nov. 6
Cooe Bay San Pedro & Way PortsjNov. 6
Columbia Portland & Astoria !^ ov - tt
North Fork... Humboldt jNov. 6
Queen Puget Sound Ports Nov. 8
Sonoma Sydney &. Way Ports... [Nov. 9
Portland Nome via Seattle iNov. 9
Chico Coquille River |Nov. 9
Korea China &. Japan iNov. 10
Free Loan . Association Presents
Pleasing Programme in Cele
bration of Anniversary.
The Gemilus Cbasodizn Free Loan As
sociation gave a dance and entertainment
la?t evening in Elntracht Hall. The dance
was given in celebration of the sixth an
niversary of the club's inauguration.
The programme for the evening was as
folio v.-s:
Master pf ceremonies. Herman Gutstadt;
overture, orchestra: address. Rev. Dr. I. Mey
ers: song.*. Joseph Westerllck; piano solo. Miss
Lllie Blum; La Jota Spanish dance, Eugene
and Rore Ool<lsteln: cornlc son?*. "A Year
After the Wedding." Professor Harry Grube;
oong Miss Gertrude Gallfck; buck and wing.
Eugene Goldstein: song, "Moachky From Fol
som Street." Professor Harry Grube; dancing.
Billy Hynes made a short address and
sang a funny song.
SOCIETY GIVES DANCB
AND ENTEBTAINMENT
TO ARRIVE.
Movements of Steamers.
We Appeal to you to fceware of tfc*
dangers that are threatening San Fran
cisco. Do yon want in San Francisco
a repetition of the scandals that nave
made St. Iioui«, Minneapolis and Phila
delphia a byword? Zf so, return Abe
Bnef to power by re-electing' Eugene E.
Schmitz, our so-called Xiabor Union
Mayor. San Francisco will then take
her place among the most corrupt muni
cipalities that have disgraced either this
or any other country.
CB0CKEB WOBKXHGaEEXrS LEAGUE.
Bark JLacenis Arrives.
The British bark Ancenis. Captain Salter,
arrtred In port yesterday, 79 days from New
castle. Australia. She brings a cargo of 2900
tons of coal.
The French ship Ernest Reyer, Captain Dien
langard. sailed yesterday for Hull with a cargo
of barley. ,
Ernest B>eyer Sails.
020th "Meridian — Pacific Time.)"
SAN FRANCISCO. Nov. 1— 3 p. ra.
The following are- the seasonal ratsfall3 to
date, u ccmnared with those of the same
date last season, and the rainfall la tie last
twesty-foor hours:
Last Thi* La»t
Stations — 24 hours. Season. Season.
Eureka :...0.0O 3.23 2.T:S
Red Bluff 0.CO 0.44 3.44
Sacramento O.OO 0.14 1.67
San Francisco O.OO ©.17 . l."0
Fresno 0.C0 0.00 0.43
Independence O.OO Trac* O.ZS
San Luis Obispo O.OO O.02 2.00
Los Angeles O.CO 0.43 0.39
San Dtego O.CO O.Cd 0.6«
THE COAST RECORD.
a S s 3 iS 7
STATION. | || U|S |- . I
• e a ' • '" 3
: ? ? : : :
Baker 30.10 « M SB Clear .00
Carson 30.02 e«J 32 E Pt.Cldy .00
Eureka, 30.02 «4 4S SW Clear .00
Farallon SO. 06 57 S5 SW Clear .CO
Fresno 30.00 SO 3O ffW Jt.Cldy .0O
Flagstaff 30.06 50 IS SE Cloudy .CO
Independence 30.04 70 4fr SB Pt.Cldy .00
Los Angeles.. .23.SK5 SO 4S W Pt.Cldy .00
Mt.Tama!pats 30.04 6« 4^ 8W Clear .Ort
North Head...29.SO 56 54 SE Rain .19
Phoenix „..,.».»* 74 4* NT Cloudy .00
Pocatello 30.20 62 3O N~W Clear .00
Portland 23.3<S 64 4« SE Clondy .00
Point Reyes ..30.00 57 Cl NT Clear .00
Red BluS ...2U.9S 74 4/5 SE Clear .00
Rosebur? 23. M C8 40 N"W Pt.C.dy .00
Sacramento ...29.SS 72 60 E Pt.Qdy .00
Salt Lake 30.20 M 34 NW Oear .f«>
S. Francisco.. .30.06 CO 82 W Pt.C.dy .00
San L. Oblapo.30.04 72 4.S VT Pt.Ctdy .00
Saa Diego ...29.90 72 54 NE Cloudy .00
Seattle 29. SO 66 39 SE Cloudy T.
Spokane 23.S4 70 3O f»E Cloudy .00
Walla Walla. .29.90 «J4 32 W Pt.Cldy -CO
"Winnemucca .30.08 6S 25 X Clear .00
Tuma 23.92 S3 56 X Pt.Cldy -CO
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FOREC-VST.
The storm continues on the Oregon coast.
and heavy rain is reported at the mouta of the
Columbia River, with southeast wtnds reacs-:
ing a velocity a_s high as sixty miles per boor.
No rain has fallen In California, but cns4!tfcns
are slowly- teecsites mere favorac!* for rain.
There Is considerable ciomlrness In (h« sooth
ern portloa cf '.the State, and a moderate dis
turbance maty devetsp over Southern California.
There has been but little change In tempera
ture during the past twenty-four hours.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours, ending midnight November 2:
Northern California — Cloudy, unsettled
weather Monday: prcbaoly light rain la north
ern portion: fresh southeast windj.
Southern California — Cloudy. unsettled
weather Monday ; possibly light abowers along
the southern coast; light southwest wtsga.
Nevada — Fair Monday.
San Francisco and Vicinity — Cloudy, unset
tled weather Monday, with conditions becom
ing more favorable for rain; light southeast
winds. A. O. McADIE.
District Forecaster. -,
The steamship Alameda Is due from Hono
lulu tomorrow. She will bring the body of
tho late Judge M. M. Estee. who died la Hono
lnlu from the result of an operation. The
funeral of the distinguished Jurist will b« held
on next Thursday from the Masonic Temple.
Will Bring Estee's Body.
The old whaling baric Charles "W. Morgan
was the subject of much Interest on the city
front yesterday. All day long crowds of men.
women and children stood on the bulkhead
off Howard street, where she is lying, and
speculated upon the different experiences she,
must have encountered since she was launch
ed In New Bedford sixty-two years ago. She
Is the oldest of the vessels in the service oi
the whaling fleet, and the oldest vessel in the
harbor. While she la a relic of the past, she
is still vigorous enough to bring into port a
cargo of 1150 barrels of olL She Is now fully
discharged and will soon go to anchorage to
prepare for next season's visit to the north.
Old WhaleT Attracts Crowds.
The delegates to the St. Patrick's Day
Convention of 1SSS assembled yesterday at
tho Knights of the Red Branch Hall,
Frank Conklin In the chair, and unani
mously passed the following resolution in
regard to the death of Judge Estee:
WTierea*. The sad "Intelligence' has been re
ceived of the death of our esteemed friend and
late associate, the Hon. M. II. . Estee, Judge
of the United States District Court at Hono
lulu: and
Whereas. It being- the desire of the delegates
of the St. Patrick's day convention of 1S9S. of
which the deceased was orator, to express our
sorrow and our sincere respect to his memory;
be it
Resolved. That we recognize In the late M.
M. Estee & true friend of the Irish race, and
one who could always be depended upon to ad
vocate the cause of our race In the face of any
opposition whatsoever and by his acts we have
Judged him: and be it further
Resolved. That while bowing to the will of
divine ProVidence. we desire to express our
admiration for the dec*ased lawyer and states
man as an eminent scholar, able jurist and an
upright and loyal citizen: and further, that we
remember him as a broad-minded and liberal
man who bad no religious prejudices, and who
stood for the best type of Americanism, re
sardless of race or creed — as we are taught
by our magna charta the constitution of the
United States: and. be It further
Resolved. That we extend our heartfelt sym
pathy to his bereaved family in the hour of
their dire affliction: and be It further
Reeolved That these resolutions be spread
upon the minutes and that a copy thereof be
forwarded to his sorrowing- family. .
The committee charged to draw up the
resolution was composed of Judge Jere
miah F. Sullivan. M. Fitzgerald, M. F.
Donleavy, G. B. Flannlgan and J. J. Don
ahue.' J. J. Moran acted as secretary of
the meeting.
St. Patrick's Day Convention, of 1898
Expresses Regret at Demise of
Judge Estee.
Weather Report.
FBIENDS PAY TBIBXJTE TO
A DEPARTED ASSOCIATE
Dr. Alexander J. Mclvor-Tyndall In
structed, entertained and mystified a
large audience at Steinway Hail last
night. The subject of the psychic science
lecture was "The Truth About Spiritual
ism," and it proved to be one of the most
attractive of the Sunday evening series
so far given by the famous Investigator
of. the mysterious phenomena of life.
Among the many marvelous demonstra
tions given by Mclvor-Tyndall last night
was the "Dead or Alive" experiment,
which seems to prove the existence of the
soul's immortality. The lecture dealt
with the principles of spiritualism. He
said that faith in immortality Is tho fun
damental principle of spiritualistic hy
potheses, and that therefore all who be
lieve in the existence of the soul, after the
change called death must perforce be
spiritualists. The large audience was
thoroughly in harmony with the lecturer
and listened to bis arguments and theo
ries with raot attention. Next Sunday
evening Dr. Mclvor-Tyndall will endeavor
to make clear some of the misapprehen
sions regarding the Influence of hypnotism
in crime. "Hypnotism and dime" will
therefore be the theme for discussion
next Sunday night.
The Village Quartet rendered several of.
the ancient and much-admired melodies
In a way that made many of those present
smile a eweet. ead .-mile and think of
olden days and other charming, voices
which had warbled the sam« soft tunes."
The quartet is well balanced and sings
in'uiiTSon: Its members wound up their
turn with a few popular selections, all of
which pleased the multitude.
The two Roses rendered several pretty
songs that won for them rounds of de
serving applause. Max Waldron Is here
again in his variety. His impersonations
in female roles are as good as of yore
and his voice as changeable as ever.
Cllvette Is a Juggler and magician that
can hold the attention of any audience aa
long as he performs as he did list night.
His tricks are all new ones and are exe
cuted with a smoothness and dexterity
that is bewildering. Hi3 exhibition ' of
Juggling was extremely clever.
The holdovers, McWatters and Tyson.
Crawford and Manning, the Three Rich
ards and Wenona and Frank, are as en
tertaining as they were last week. Mc-
Watters and Tyson are especially good in
their novelty sketch. "Scenes in a Dress
ing Room." The introduce many catchy
songs and pretty dances and the light and
costume effects are something out of the
ordinary.
The usual first appearance of the all
star acts at the Orpheum last night were
received with that usual appreciation
that attends the coming out of all the
good things In the vaudeville line. There
are probably more real favorite* on the
bill this week than have appeared at the
popular variety house for many moons,
and, in fact, each turn possesses some
thing all its own that appeals to all ad
mirers of vaudeville.
The minstrel man might be the whole
show if Haverl> would allow him. But
there are other good things which round
out the bunch of fun in which Van is the
centerpiece. Eddie Leonard, who holds
down the chair opposite to Van, is no
slouch of a blackface. He can sing some
songs In a very good stage tenor and he
has some dance steps which would do
credit to the human snake in a world's
greatest side show.
Besides the two end men there Is a
chorus of good voices. The Young broth
ers do some high-class work at tumbling.
Marcus and Gartelle have a good turn on
roller skates. Mazier and Codey are
heard in parodies. But bestde3 these there
Is Billy Van again, and, like the adver
tisement, that' is " 'noagh said."
When Billy Van comes on at the end
of the first turn and announces that he
will sing the touching ballad, "Mamma's
Teeth Will Soon Fit Sister," ne has the
house with him at once. Then hv lets off
a lot of new ones in his remarkable rapid
change voice. You catch yourself nudg
ing your neighbor's ribs and you don't
even remember to offer an apology. None
are needed. „ ',.
It's that flabby, wobbly mouth of Van's
which does the business — that red streak
In the black cork which draws itself into
an exclamation point when the climax of
the gag Is reached. There has been noth
ing like it since poor "Hoot Moa" "Whelan
died. Any joke that comes from such a
clam's mouth as that must take. You
laugh when the laughter about you is so
strong: that you don't catch ihe gag Itself.
Have you got melancholia? Go to see
Billy Van. Are you suffering from bone
spavin, housemaid's knee or 'cholera ln
fantum; can't sleep any more: never can
laugh any longer; see black spots but
don't see' a joke? "Well. then, go to see
Billy Van, and before the show is out you
will have written your testimonial. A man
who has been twice sued for alimony
within a year and whose uncle died with
out leaving him a cent was there last
night and his guffaws were something to
sit up and think about of n!ght«.
The Gotama' s trip was unsuccessful
and her search for whales was in vain, as
no monsters of the briny deep came with
in gunshot of the ship. Her entire cargo
consisted of two walrus hides, forty
pounds of ivory and seventy-five gallons
of oil.
The schooner Gotama, Captain Macom
ber, arrived In port yesterday, twenty-one
days from Fox Island. She reports that
on October 23 a block fell from the rig
ging and struck James May on the head,
killing him Instantly. The unfortunate
man was' a native ol Ireland and aged 33
years. The body was buried at sea. with
appropriate services the day following
the death.
Orpheum Presents New Bill,
Including Tumblers, Who
Do Good Work.
Oldest Vessel of Whaling
Fleet Attracts Much
Attention.
After a Luckless Trip
Schooner Gotama
Comes to Port.2SS?
Billy Van at California
Is a Whole Circus
Si* in Himselfl '•
QUIET SUNDAY
ON WATER FRONT
HIS WITTICISMS
CURE ALL ILLS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, NOVEMBER 2. 1903.
11
ROOMS TO LET — Fnrn. and Infurn.
JEStlE. 441— Sunny furnished rocm; double
bed : rent* enly $2 per week.
LAGUXA and McAllister. St. James Cat— Sun-
ny single room.
MISSION. 1514. near Eleventh— Large, sunny
room; large clcset: |2 50 per week.
ROYAL House. 123 Eiiis— Incandescent lights
reading-room, smoking-room and ladies" par-
lor; room* per night. SSc to $1 50; week, S.
to $S; month. $S to $30; elevator on ground
floor; rcorr.s with hot and cold water: baths.
THE GILLESPIE. 119 Ninth — Furnished rms..
II 50 to S2 50 »wk; transient 5<>c-75c night.
TURK. 202^-4 — Nicely furnished sunny rooms;
clean, respectable house; cheap rent.
TURK. 234 — Single rooms.
UNITED STATES. 123 Ed.iy «.. r.ear Market—
4OO Hn^Je and family rooms: 35c to $1 night:
$1 75 to $0 week; elevator: electric lights;
rtading-roctn ; free bus ani baggage.
VAN NESS. Gift— Handsome sunny furnishel
euiKs and single rooras; all conveniences.
i WEBSTER. 7014, corner Grcve — Large sunny
front room to let; rent flO.
! $T A MONTH— Sitting and b»d room: %-ery nice-
ly furnished; sunny, central. Bcx 2680. Call.
! V. INCHEPTER Horel. i* 31 St.. near Market-
Most convenient and retractable: 700 rooms;
I 35c to Si 50 n'rht: $2 to fS week; elevator:
' el«-. lights: reading-room; free bus; baggage.
I ADVERTISEMENTS, sabseriptlons received at
<"all Branch efflre. eor. Duncan & Church st5.
¦ A RRANCH cfnee for call advertisements' and
sutsenptiocs has been established at KX><3
Valencia st. '¦
CLASSIFIED s<ivert;sem*r.ts and subscriptions
rf<-eive-l at «^all branch offlry. 2200 Fillmore.
I ,
rooms amj hoahd.
--"-^
vw ness ave. near geary st.
select. first-class family hotel.
New ar.i modern appointments; intercom-
' murics.:!-? anj Icng distance phones In every
• room: t:*s.z?. heated: hot and cold ocean water
j baths: cuisine and service best; American plan
! orJy. $3 to f3 day. Special rat^s by month.
i STEVENSON mansion. £07 California et. — At-
tractive anJ sightly rocms; best table ani
service; lowest rates.
: VAN NESS ave.. 1714 — Private boarding-house,
homelike; everything first-cla*s; sunny
s-uites: sir.^Ie rooms: choice locality; ref.
SPECIAL ?iOTICES.
| EMPLOYERS of teamsters — You are hereby
nctlSed by the Brotherhood cf Teamsters to
allow the rr.en In your employ the prescribed
time allowed by law In which to vote. Yours
r»pectfully. GEO. W. DILLON.
Secretary Br-therhood of Teamsters. Local
I No. S5. of San Francisco. Cal.
f MOTHERS— Drink Cof-fartn regularly and
your nerVes end digestion will be all right:
give it lo the children and the old man, and
half ycur tr<-ufc!es will c*as».
| SCIENTIFIC OPTICIAXS.
I DURING the G. A. R. encampment Dr. CTSse.
1C23 Market st.. bet- Cth-Tth, fitted glasses to
Gen. Miles: you wart the best as we!] as he.
; SEWIXG MACHINES AND SUPPLIES
NEW HOME sewing machine; this week only;
flO. IIS. f20: slightly used: needles 20c dox.
NEW HOME «= M. CO.. 1061 Market St.
I -¦SPECIALISTS.
CATARRH. DEAFNESS aad NOISES In EARS
positively cured; new method: 1 week's treat-
rcent free. Dr. Cottir.gham. '^m Sutter «t.
STO K AC E AXP >VAB.E HO U S E S.
I a — EMPORIUM Storage * Van Co.; furniture.
household goods etored. moved, shipped. 72*-
731 Howard et.. near Third; phone Grant 161.
i PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage & Moving Co.. ot-
Cct Post and Powell sta.: tel. Priv. Ex. 571.
| CONKLIN' 6 Storage — Furniture and merchan-
dise. £33 Golden Gate ave.; phone East 126.
I GOLDEN West Storaee: advances made: 849
Mission St.; teL Howard 041. F. W. Zehfuss.
i PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
pany. 2320 Fii'.njore st.: phone Jackson 2SL
i ErKINS Van and Storage Co.. 11 Montgomery
tt.: tel. Main 1S40. Shipping at cut rates.
! STITTEIIIXG AND STAMMERING.
I MELBOURNE School. Van Ness-Market — Cure
tn every casr; individual teaching: ao medi-
cine. Inrjulre Into wonderful cures :home cure.
TO LEASE.
: TO lease cr let — A 2-story frame structure oa
Brannan ST.. near Sixth, euitable for storage
or light manufacturing purposes. Apply
bakery, 1317 Fclsam gt.
i ¦ '
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
DIVIDEND DOUC« — The Giant Powder Co..
Con. — A div-ider.d. No. 5D, cf fifty cents <»?)
per Ehare on the Issued capital stock of the
company has been declared cavabte at th-?
office cf the comcany. rooms 202. 2>>t and
2i!«> Hayward blJg.. San Francisco, on No-
vember 10. 1503. Transfer books close No-
ven-.ber 3. 1903. at noon. C. C. QUINN. Sec
I EIBTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS.
Birth, marriage ar.d death notices sent by
mall will not be inserted. They most be handed
In at either cf th« publication offices and be
indorsed with the nan-.e and residence of per-
sons auticrtzt-d to have the same published.
B0BN.
COBB — In this city. October 29. 1903. to the
wife cf Lawrence A. Cubb. a daughter.
i LOUIS — In this city, October 25. 1903. to the
wife cf Charles A. Louis, a daughter.
MEYER— In tcls city, to the wife of Alfred
M. Meyer, a eon.
ROBIN— In this city, October 27, 1903, to the
wife of A. V. Robin, a daughter.
i •
HARRIED.
! BROWNSTONE— LESZTNSKY— In this city.
October 25. 1908, by the Rev. Dr. J. Nleto,
Lculs H. Brownstone ani Julie Lesrynsky.
1 ELLIOTT— SUTTON— In this city, October 24,
1S03. Ly the Rev. William Bours. Edward
Elliott and Minnie D. Sutton. both of San
Frar.citco.
DEED.
Ahem. James T. Kncx-Goodrich. Mm.
Ahern. Jeremiah Larkey, Daniel E.
lienson. Mary McBriiie. Catherine
Bowes. Caroline A. McCauley, Mary
Cruz. Manuel McDevitt. Mary F.
Donnelly. Sister M. Maher. Annie
De Long. Bernlce Morehouse. Wm. P.
Doren. Margaret Newman, Jacob
Dunleavy. N>llle O'Connor, Susan
Evans. Elizabeth Suim-aa, Michael
Fitz Gerald. Wrn/T. Walton. Jane J.
Gallon. Ann Wenael. Henry
Harris. Benjamin WIIKInaon. Maxwell
Jacob-?, Albert Williams. Eben B.
Jordan. Mary Wilzinski. Bertha
Jouanou, Jean B.
AHERN— In this city. November 1. 1903, at
the residence of his parents, 1314 Harrison
Street, between Ninth and Tenth. James T. j
Ahern. dearly beloved son of Michael and
Catherine Ahern, a native of Saa Francisco,
aged 3 months and 7 days.
AHERN— In this city. October 30. l»03. Jere-
miah, dearly beloved husband of Mary J.
Ahern, and beloved father of Nellie. John,
Agnes and Gertrude Ahern, a native of
County Cork. Ireland, agtd 61 year* 3
months and 10 days.
CT Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral Monday.
November 2. 1S03, at 8:30 o'clock, from his
late residence, 2S5V» Oak street, thence to
Eacred Heart Church, where a solemn re-
quiem high mass will be celebrated for the
repose of h:s soul, commencing at 9 o'clock.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
BENSON — In tMs city, November 1. 1303,
Mary, belcved wife of William Benson,
mother of Harry Benson, sister of Mrs. A.
J. Boyd, and aunt of John. Mamie and An-
drew Bovd. a native of Ireland, aged 2S
years 3 months and ¦ 17 days.
C7"Frirnds aad acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlora of
Halsted & Co.. 046 Mission street. Inter-
ment Laurel HtU Cemetery.
BOWES— In this city, October 30. 1903, Caro-
line A. Bowes, dearly beloved mother of Ed-
ward J. Eowea, Mrs. F. F. Doraa. Mrs. Er-
nest Brandenburg and Mrs. G. W. Jordon.
a native of Ennlikillen, County Fermanagh.
Ireland.
C7*Fr!ertds aad acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Monday), at 1:30 o'clock, from her late
residence. 2U33 Jackson etreet. Interment
Cypress Lawn Cemetery. • by electric f uaeral
car frcm Eighteenth aad Guerrero streets at
2 o'clock.
CRUZ — In Oaklard, October 31, 1903, Manuel,
beloved husband of Mary L. Cruz, aad
fkth-r of Joseph, Manuel and Tony Cruz, a
native of Azores, aged S3 years 10 months
and I" days.
DONNELLY — At the Holy Family Convent.
October 31, 1003. Sister M. Bernardette.
daughter of Bridget and the late John Don-
c?lly. • -¦>.'-
C7A requiem mass will be offered for the
repose of her eoul in the Convent Chapel
Tuesday morning, November 3, at 0 o'clock.
DE LONG— In Ala city. October 31. 1003. Ber-
James McGinn. Henry Hacsea.
JAMES McGINN & CO..
Formerly With McGinn Bros., "
rcneral Directors aad Embalmera.— — *
214 Eddy St.: Tel. South 676.
QCRLS TRAVEL.
sfi7^!>\. Steamen lej.v» Baa TTaa-
/t)^ s ~^Hi\ Cisco as follows:
Art— For Ketchikaa, "Wrsajs^"
/O./^[8Cf»» "^\ Juneau. Hainea, Sts^r^r'.
1 I \*Sa 1 1 etc - Alaska— II ». n.. >,- OT .
\ \ \«Ssa/ i 2. 7. 12. 1*. 22. 27. D*c 2.
\*iv\i /SJ Ch* 15 ** to coapany's steam.
VfSJL-^y er» at Seattle.
N^^fsvJVJ^ Fcr Victoria. Vaseoorer.
~.«^. T7w i -«r? ort Towa **=«l. Seattle. Ta-
coms, Everett. Whatcom— 11 a. m.. Nor. A T.
12. 17. 22. 27. Dec 2. Change at Seax::» to
thts company s steamers for Alaska aad O. N
•Jty. ; at Seattle cr Tacema to N. P. By.- at
! Vancouver to C. P. Ry. .
For Ecreka (Haaboidt Bay) — Pocusul 1:30
?•-?•• NoY - *- ** 1S - 2 *- »Q. f>c «; QorxM.
1:30 p. in.. Not. 3. »; 15, a. 27. D*s. 8. *
Tor Los Anrelea (via Port Lea Asgelec mad
Redcndo), San Diego »M Santa Barbara-
Fa r.ta Rosa. Sundays. 9 a. re.
State of California. Thursdays. 9 a. ra.
For Los Angeles (via Saa Pedro aad E»st
San Pedro). Santa Barbara, Santa. Crua, Mon-
terey, San Simeon. Cayucc*. Port Harford <3*a
Lais OWspo), Ventura and Hsenem*.
Coos Bay. 9 a. in.. Nor. 1. 9. 17. 15. Dec 3.
Bonlta. 0 a. m.. Nor. 5. 13. M. 29. Dec 7-
For Ensenada. Magdalena Bay. Saa Joa« d«I
Ckbo. Mmutn, Altata. La Pax. Santa, So.
salla. Guaymas (Mex.). 10 a. m.. 7th of tmca
month.
For fnrt&sr Isforrnatlon obtain foldar.
Right is reserved to chazg* steacxers cv taJU-
lnfr <!ate«.
TICKET O7TZC23— 4 Nnr Mont?oa-
ery street (Palace Hotel). 10 Markst street a=4
Broadway wharves. ,
Freight office. 10 Market street.
C D. DUNANN, General Pasaenger Ag-o*.
10 Market street. Saa Francisco.
O. /?. AN, CO.-I;.
••Cohxmofa" sails Oct. 20. to. Nor. », W. 29;
Dee. 9. 19. 29. "Geonce W. Elder" sail* Oct.
23. Not. 4. 14. 24. Dec. 4. 14. 34. Only steam-
ship line to PORTLAND. OR., aad abort rail
Ils* from Portland to all poists East. Thraogft
tickets to all points, all rail or steamahtp and
rail at LOWEST RATES. Steamer ticket* in-
clude berttt and meals. Steamer sails foot of
Spear st- at 11 a. m. & P. BOOTH. Ova.
Agt. Pa-~*. Dept.,4 Montgomery St.; C CLIF-
FORD. Gen. Agt. Freight Deat.. 8 Montgomery.
TOYO RISEN KAISHA.
fORTENTAL- STEAMSHIP CO.»
Steamers' will leave wharf, comer First aad
BraanaB streets, at 1 p. m., for YOKOHAMA
and HONGKONG, calling at Kobe <Hlogo).
Nagasaki and Shasghal. and ccnnectlnj at
Hongkong with steamers far India, etc. No
cargo received on board oa day of sailing.
S. 8. AMERICA MARC
Tuesday. November 10. 1903
8. B. HONGKONO MARU ;
.............. .Thursday. December 3. 1903
a S. NIPPON MARU (CaUlnr at Manila)
..: Wednesday. December 30. 1908
Via Honolulu. Round-tr!;* tickets at reduced
rates. For freight aad passage apply at Corn-
pany's office. 421 Market street, comer First.
W. H. AVERT. General Ageat. | I
0CCaD!C8.8.CO.E^5
S. 3. ALAMEDA. tcr Honolulu. Nor. 7, IX a.m.
S. S. SONOMA, for Hoaorsxlu, Samoa, Auck-
land and Sydney. Thursday. Nor. 19. 2 p. ra.''
S. 3. M"ARIPGSA. for Taalti. Dee. 1. 11 a. nu
C0X?A63XX 6ZX1OALK TSA53 ATla57iarX.
DIKECT LINE TOHAVRE-PAKI3. "> Qfci
Sailing every Thursday Instead otmf.tSfh
Saturday, at 10 a. la., troni Pier 42, •^¦¦^¦^
North RlTer. foot ot Mortoa street-
• First-class to Havre, J70 and upward. Sec-
ond-Clasa to • Havre." $45- and upward.- OEX- '
ERAL AGENCT FOR UNITED STATES AND
CANADA. 32 Broadway (Hudson Building).
New York, J. T. FUGAZI ft CO., Pacific Coast
"Agents 5 Montgomery avenue. Saa Francisco.
Tickets sold by all Railroad Ticket Ageot»^_ 1.
M*T-e Island" and Vallelo St»am««.
Bt«tm«r GEN. FRI3EIE or MONTICELLO—
9:43 a. m.. 3:13 and S:30 p. m.. except 3unday.
Sunday. 9:45 a," m.,.8J0 p. m, Leave Vall«ja»
7 a. m.. 12^0 noon. 8 p. ia.. tx. Sunday. Sun-
day. 7 a. m.. 4:13 p. in. Far*. SO cents. TeL
Mala 1308. Pier 2. Mlsslon-st. dock, HATCH
BKC3. --
, HEAL ESTATE— Cin — FOR SALE.
KEARNY-ST. STORE
TO LEASE.
A PINE LARGE STORE ON
KEAIiNV ST.. BETWEEN
PCST ANI~> SUITER STS.
APPLY TO A. J. RICH & CO..
REAL ESTATE AGENTS.
1X2 MQN'TOOMrP.Y ST.
MODERN cottajres: finished complete with
every ccnveni'tc*; «¦*.«>• terms; larr* lota.
4 rooms — S2900.
6 rooms — S22SC.
5 rooms — $3500.
C rcoms— liO'O.
T rocir-s — H:«).
fc reon-j — S1CO0.
Located ca First and Second are., bet.
Geary and McAl'.«ter st. cars iJiS one block
north cf park. F. NELSON, builder.
SZZO-J EArH-Tsre* 2-etory 5-6 room Sate; !
nearly e n-.; letcd. 1C09 Mascnlc ave., 3 blocks I
south of Haisrht ft.: transfer to Mascnlc i
ave.. g*t oft at Frederick st.
$;«O0 — COTTAGE. 4 rooms, at C23 Msultrie St.; !
a ba.rpu:r: $3'«< dewn. balance $S per menth. j
$1* - - '".-trace. 4 r. ars«! b ; 2Sth st.; terras, i
Z>. COFFIN & CO., S3O3 Mission st.
tSOA—tXHCR new 2 -flat houses, all rented:
trt-* i*O> per rear; buy from own»r and save
roiT-.rr.:**:en: 13T3 Masonic ave.. 1*4 blocks I
suu:h cf Haiirht et.
COTTAGE. mofi*rn trnpro'veiaer.ts : jmall pay- '
ment i'wn. balance name as rv-nt Apply '
owner. !--i*r yard. Alabama & Mcntcalra. j
THREE new Cats for sale on Sixteenth «t . i
rear Church; rented at SCO a month. Apply
rr. rrrrr.:ses. DAVID CONDON', builder.
BI'Il-D en your unimproved realty; w* loan !
r-^:i cost Jtr.prov. ana part lot at 6 p«r c#nt. i
MANHATTAN LOAN CO.. Crocker bu'.lilng.
FINE taenaa f-at* en Fulton, nr. City Ball;
resf^it!*. Ir.3u'.re 142 Fulton st.. cwr.er.
HOUSE ini let; 3022 P>rce st.. nnr Vnion: i
?""¦<>. Arr'r en orfmtfeg: mat «*U.
REAL ESTATE Country — For Sale, '
NOTICE TO EMPLOYES. i
A rare ct&nce for pert'.ea eam'.na; a trr.all .
»a'.ary to get thetcselvea a nice eoantry j
home.
$400 — $100 <«own *2S a month will tuy 10 j
acres of choice cltrue fruit, berrv. tab:* or
wine grape Ian4 In the Wh'taker & Ray !
Colony. Pacraraento County. IS ralles from \
capital cf State
2».«00 acres sold. liOO planted; roo<i school j
er.<l clr»e to ra'.'.ra*<l Ftation. QUIGGLE. '
cere WHITAKER * RAY CO .. T23 Market '
ft : hour*. 9 to 10 a. ra.. 4 to S p. m.. or '•
address bcx 15. Gait.
f:^ A MONTH buys a t»3-aere farm twelve '
rni'.e* frora Fscrarr.'nto, write fcr booklet: j
it'* fr**. "W RIGHT & KIMBROUGH. tXB j
J ft.. Sacramento. Ca.:.
Jt yc-j v.ar.1 a etock ranch, fialry cr cclonlza- I
tier tract writ* <-Ha«. W. COE & CO., 43
Wet Ear.ta rt.. Pan Jc*«. Ca.!. ;
AT-r~ALFA lar.-Js, etock ranches, orchards. !
v;r.ejar«ls- ir.«p«ct*J bargains: mor.th'.y cat..- j
I ism e«>r.t free. C. M. WOOSTER CO.. 64«
M3rket rt. •
TOR poultry *rA dairy ranches y*.eUing a goou i
preSt. HAMILTON & KENI>RlCK.Petalu=a. j
CHEAPEST er.d b*« in America— The Weekly ]
Os:i. 16 rage*, ser.t to any aiirMS in th<
(Taftefl Ftatee cr Cer.s^a cr»e rear trr SI.
POINT RICHMOND REAL ESTATE. I
WATER front lets an4 bargains: all tracts; i
rr.ar* rh'tc* »»e TELL. 417 Parrott bldg. !
¦ — ! j
> 1OKELF.V .ADVERTISEMENTS \
_^ .^ _ _^— i
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
, . I
• $.10.000— A GENTLEMAN'S home near the new j
Country Club gn.-ur.ds.
Fine hcruFe c; 16 ro-imr, large etab'es, etc.; j
3^ acres cf iar.d; wnrtlx seeing.
Arrly to JOS. J. MASON. Real Estate.
B*TK»T<?y 5t£tiea.
FOR exchar-s* — Nice h^use c? S rocnis an3 j
bath; lot r»:'il35; sunny *i<Je cf street; street I
wcrk fi!t ion*: \-aiue tZ¥>0; rnortgEge $15*W; j
wilt take country property for equity.
JOS J. MAfcON. Real Estate, Berkeley j
rta*:cn. j
j~J. MASON.
E*a! Ectate and Inrarance Agent.
CbefM Property a Speciaity.
SE. ccr. etattack ave. and Center et.,
n*rk*;py. Cai. i
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS l
t
OFFICE, 1118 BEOADWAY.
t
IMPROVED Oaklani prcperty to exchange for
[Ota in Oaklar.3 or San Francisco cr land not !
far frcm Oakland. P. C. LASSEN & CO.. j
466 Ter.th rr.. Oakland. Cal. \
TWO fin* Cats; rood locatJcn: rent f 50 per !
rr.cr.th- rrtOB only $4700. P. C. L-^.S=EN &
CO.. 4^^ Tenth rt.. Oakland. Cal. ;
HoCktz honse. » rrra. : stable: Mason & Hamlln j
crran. P»f~rc T2 m.. 422 Orange St.. Oakland, j
OAKL.OD FIRXITTRE FOR SALE, j
TO-MORROW ttaa day for bargains in furni- j
rupe. H. S'he::haa«. 11th st..cor.«tore.Oakicd. ,
Mill Valley Advertisements.
MILL. VALLEY REAL ESTATE.
BEST barrair.s ever cfTered: new tract, right
at the station; big lets, beautifully wooded; j
grand views: streets graded; water tnair.s I
laid; let 50x125 for $*0<); terms, 10 per c*nt {
each, $10 monthly; bread to increase In i
value; !<2 lots scM to elate. LYON & HOAG, !
li? Mmitaunnry st.
rooms iron bojcsekeepi^g.
ANTLERS. 41S Turk «t- — EtncUy modern. 4-5 j
' rocm apartment*; fnr. cr cn?ur. for hskpe. :
CASTRO, 423.r.r. 17th— 2 nice f-.-r.ush^d hskpg. j
rx>cms; orivate entrance; latrr.: r.j children. ¦
ELE1-ENTH. 10*— Sunny furnlthed rooms for |
house ke*plng. j
FOLSOM. RS(V— 2 or 3 furnished rocrr.e TTt \
bouaekeepmg; also ethers; cheap.
GOLDEN GATE ave.. fA^— Beautiful. E--ny. j
furr.:fhed hcusekeej.ing rocmt; very reason- I
at:e. |
GOLDEN GATE ave.. IK-Lttt floor, eunr.y j
frcnt rocms. with kitchen, running water. g»s
rar.ge. !
HOWARD. 2<:-15 — ? sunr.y unfumlshec house- ;
keeping rooms; bath; yard; no children.
JONES. 117 — 3 runny housekeeping basement
rooms. fX>; also 1 large iuest room. $13.
LEAVENWORTH. 1-12 — Three nice furnished
houj«fcke*ijir-* rooms; gas stove, bathroom.
Knail storeroom.
LTON. 120, near Oak — Furnished cr unfur-
nisned; b roensa, attic, baiement, laundry.
.urr.ace
MARKET. HIS — Housekeeping rooms for nlc* j
coopie. i
JLI ALLI.STER. KS— Sunny frcnt raltes; gas I
range, hct bath: adu'.ts; tlO-Jl«. j
i-'ODEL HOUSE. 1206 Stockton St.— Nowly Tjr-
sisaed rooms, $^-?12; ba.th. gas, phone.
ETEJNER. 603 — 2 or 3 runny rooma, furnished
fur hcusekffFing; gas and bath.
-— — —
TURK. 2^4 — Sunny nocsekeeplng rooms.
VAN NESS ave.. T0&— 2 eanny frcnt room*,
K5: siro 2 rear basement rooma. $12.
A BRANCH effic* tor Call advertisements and
TOttcrlptlons has been established at 106«
Vtlercla rt.
Houot-Uiur Itoomi— Apartxn't Houses.
A THE LUCERNE
LARK1N ST.. I3ET. fUTTER AND BUSH; |
THK SUNNIEST FURNISHED APART-
MENTS IN THE CITY: THOROUGHLY
MODEIiN: SUPERIOR SERVICE: CHOICE
LOCATION; ALL CAR LINES; NOW OPEN.
THE Frf-derick. &yl Stanyaa. cpp. Park— Fara.
ai-sr:!T.«T.t*: yr 4 .. bath; eteam heater; Janitor.
KOOMS TO LET — Fnrn. and Unfora.
A— BRUNSWICK HosiFe. 1<S Sixth et.— Rooms
He to $1 p*r right. $1 25 to $Z per week and
light ticMsik.eri irqr roomg; open all night.
AT "Th* Atacnte." 873 Market ft. (or No. 1
Fifth rt.)— Kaotr.s. 23c. SOc. $l. >1 JiO night;
ri 50 to »H> ir^k; houge open aU night.
A— NEW ARLINGTON. 1015 Market; nicely
fcrr.lgh«-d roo:st; ti» 5Q week up; SOc day up.
ASH ave., SS. n*ar City Hall— Large ranny
rocm. front; also transient.
BLTRNETT. I42C Market (old No 1364) — Fur-
mfhf^ room». tt;;t». tlrgle; also' unfurnished.
• CLIFFORD. 204 Ellis, ccmer Mason— Elegantly
furnished runny roomy; prices reasonable.
«*j:r:N PARK ave.. 2^—One front and one back
.J-..r.r.y furnished roca; very pleasant; ?10->S.
CRA*:d Southern. 7th find Mlj-slon— Rocms SOc
to $1 SO night; >1 to $3 wetk; reading-room.
IVT ave.. 223, off Franklin et.— Fumiahed
rocms. J5 and $5 per rr.onth.
JESSIE. 3C3, ean U. E. Mint— Furnished
rccina, j: tsJ 9$ ; <r menth.
AUCTIOPSALES
CLOSING OUT SALE
—^-OF THE-;
HOFFMOND STABLE
O5 ELLIS ST.. NEAR LARKES. fjjTi
THURSDAY, NOV: 5, 1903,
Commencing at 11 o'clock a. nx. ,
On account of the closing out of tiU stable
I will sell ON THE PREMISES. 4i driving and
work horses. 17 wagoca aad buggies, ha.-r.es.->.
stable and ©face fixtures, etc. without reserve.
Terms cash. This is a splendid opportunity for
seekers after Cne roadsters asd thoroughly bro-
ken business horses. *
WILLIAM O. LATNO.
Livestock Aactloceer. -
#V^ Just arrived, a lot of GOOD. CHEAP
-*^^ HORSES, and will tx sold at auctloa
! TUESDAY. Nov. 3. 11 a. m. at 114O FoUom
| St.; also a large assortment of surreys.
wagona, rubber rirel road and business bug-
tits. ICO sets single and diHUi'.e harness.
£s» £* £a
ACCTION SALE of 40 all purposes hcrses
and mares. WEDNESDAY. November 4. at 11
a. m.. ARCADE HORSE MARKET. 327 Sixta
street. JOHN J. DOTLE. Auctloceer.
nice, beloved daughter of William and Ame-
lia <ie Long, a native of San Francisco, aged
4 rr.cnihs and 23 days.
C7 Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Monday), at 2 o'clock, from the residence
of the grandfather. Charles Zahn. 918 Mtn-
nwota street. Interment Laurel' Hill Ceme-
tery.
DOREX— In this city. November 1. 1903. Mar-
garet, dearly beloved twin daughter of Jo-
«¦•¦¦: !< 3. and Mary £• Doren, a native of San
Francisco, aged 1 year 2 months and 13
days. .
E^The funeral will take place to-day
(Monday), at 1:30 o'clock, from the residence
t of the parents. 203 Dey street. Interment
Holy Cros« Cemetery. Please omit flowers.
Dl'NLEAVT— In this city. October 31. 190C,
Nellie, dearly beloved wife of Jeremiah J. ¦
Dunleavy. loving mother of Teresa Clifford,
Clarence and Raymond Dtmleavy, and loving
sister of Mrs. M. J.. Coakley. Mrs. J. L.
Farrell, Cornelius, Thomas and Hannah Clif-
ford, a native of Tralee, County Kerry, Ire-
land. -.-
CTThe funeral will take place to-morrow
(Tu<tiay). at 9:15 o'clock, from her late
residence. Si»5 Hayes street, thence to Sacred
Heart Church, corner Fell and FUlmore
streets, where a requiem high mass will be
celebrated for the repose of her soul, oora-*
mancing at 9:30 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
EVANS— In this city, October 31. 1903. Eliza-
beth, widow cf the late Gomer Evans, a
native of Maine. j
C7" Friends are respectfully Invited to at-
tend the funeral services Tuesday, at 10
o'clock, at her late residence, 2S76 Sacra-
mento street, between Scott and Devlsadero.
Interment private. - •
j FITZ GERALD— In this city. October ,31. 1903,
at Railroad Hospital, William T.. husband
- of Mao" M. Fitz Gerald, father cf May J.
ani Will T. Fit* Gerald, son of Ellen and
the late William T, Fitz Gerald, and brother
I of Mrs. P. J. Lavin, a native of Montreal.
Canada, aged 45 years 10 months and 2t>
days.
E7"The funeral wlil take place to-day
(Monday), at 10 o'clock, from the family
residence, 1C25A Folsom street.
GALLON— In this city, November 1. 1903.
• Ann, dearly beloved wife of James Gallon,
and beloved mother of James. Charles. Wil-
lie and Frankle* Gallon, a native of County
Tyrone. Ireland, aged 49 years and 1 month.
HARrtIS — November 1. 1903, Benjamin W..
beloved husband of Emily S. Harris, and
father of S. Aliirlch Harris, a native of
Providence, R. I., aged CS years.
C7Notlce of funeral hereafter.
JACOBE— In this city. October 31. 1903. Al-
bert Jacobe. beloved husband of Kathrena
Jacob?, and father of May and Roee Jacobe
and the late Fred and Hermann Jacobe. a
native of Germany. /
CTFrUr.ds and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral Tuesday.
November 3. 1003, at 8 o'clock, from Charles
J. B. Mrtzler's undertaking parlors. 630
Washington street, thence to Et. Boniface's
Church, where a solemn requiem mass will
be celebrated for the repose of his saul at
9 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery,
by 11:30 o'clock train from Third and Town-
Fend streets.
JORDAN— In this city. October 30. 1903, Mary,
beloved wife of John Jordan, and mother of
Clare Marguer*tte Jordan, a native of San
FranciJco, aged 36 years.
C^TThe funeral will take place to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 1 o'clock, from the parlors of
J. C. O'Conrfor &. Co.. 767 Mission- street.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery. • *
JOUANOU— In this city. November 1, 1903.
Jear. Bactiste Jouanou, dearly beloved hus-
band cf Antoinette Jouanou, beloved father
of August Jouanou, and grandfather of An-
toirette and Artru Jouanou, a native of
France, agfd 59 years and 11 months.
CFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral from his
late residence, 42 Scott place, Wednesday.
November 4. at 9 o'clock, thence to Notre
Dame des Victolrea Church, where a solemn
requiem mays will be celebrated for the re-
pose of his soul, commencing at 9:15 o'clock.
Interment Holy Crosa Cemetery.
KNOX-GOODRICH — In San Jose, Cal., October
30, 1900. Mrs. S. L. Knox-Goodrlch, a native
cf Culpeper County. Virginia.
CyFuneral services will be held at the
First Unitarian Church. San Jose, Monday,
November 2, at 2 o'clock.
LARKET— In this city. November 1. 1003,
Daniel E-, beloved husband of Mansie E.
LarKey, son of James and Mary Larkey. and
brother of John J. and Frank X. Larkey,
Mrs M. Carroil and the late Charles H. and
William J. Larkey, a native of San Fran-
cisco, aged 41 years.
C7Tbe funeral will take place to-morrow
(Tuesday), at S:43 o'clock, from his late
residence. 2100 Filbert street, thence to St.
Vincent de Paul's Church, where a requiem
high mass will be celebrated for the repose
cf his soul, commencing at 9:15 o'clock. In-
terment Holy Cross Cemetery.
McBRIDE — In this city, November 1. 190O,
Catherine, beloved infant daughter of Archie
and Hannah McBrtd». a native of San Fran-
cisrts. aged 3 months and 14 days.
C7"The funeral will take place to-<Iay
(Monday), at 1 o'clock, from the parents'
residence, S3O Bmderlck street. Interment
Holy Crc^s Cemetery.
McCAULET— In this city, November 1, 1903.
Mary, t-eloved wife of John McCarthy. & na-
tive of St Johns parish. County Roscommon,
Ireland, aged 62 years.
C3* Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully lnvltc-d to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 9 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. 207 Thirtieth street, thence to St.
Paul's Church, where a requiem high mass
will be celebrated for the repoee of her soul
at i»:30 o'clock, interment Holy Cross Ceme-
tery.
! McDEVITT— In this city. October 31. 1903.
Mary FeUcltas, beloved daughter of Charles
J. and Mary 'McDevltt. a native of San
Francisco, aged 1 year 6 months and 10
days.
CyFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 10 o'clock, from the parents'
residence. 77 Thirteenth street. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery.
MAHER— In thfs city. October 31. 1903, at
Our Lady's Home, 33 Rinccn c!ace, Annie
Maher, a native of County Tipperary, Ire-
land, aged 76 years.
MORKHOCSE — In this city. October 30. 1903,
William P. Mcrehouse. beloved husband of
Henrietta N. Mcrehouse, and father of Mrs.
William H. Stein, a native of Massachusetts,
aged SO years 2 months and 27 days.
C7 Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Tuesday,
at 2 o'clock, from his late residence. 2C01
Sacramento street. Interment Odd Fellows'
Cemetery. Pleas? emit flowers.
NEWMAN— In this city, November 1. 1903.
Jacob Newman, dearlv beloved husband of
Margaret Newman, and father of William,
t . Henry and Florence Newman, Mrs. George
D. Collins and the late Elizabeth and Agnes
Newman, a native of Germany, aged 63
years 6 months and 7 days.
CyFuneral Tuesday, at 1 o'clock, from the
undertaking parlors of Iaccheri. Duclos &
Co., €29 Broadway. Interment strictly pri-
vate. Mount Olivet Cemetery, by carriage.
O'CONNOR— In- this city. November 1. IMS,
Supan, beloved wife of John O'Connor,
ajid mother cf Mary. Rosi«». John. James,
Alice. Churles. Henry and Walter O'Connor,
a native of County Armagh. Ireland, aged
41 years.
fCXFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 11 o'clock, from the parlors of
3. C. O'Connor & Co., 767 Mission street.
Interment Holy Cress Cemetery.
SULLIVAN— In this city. October 31. 1903.
Michael, dearly beloved husband of the late
Susan Sullivan, and devoted father of Wal-
ter Sullivan. Mrs. Julius Beguelln and Mar-
garet and Grace Sullivan, a native of Fall
River, aged 70 years.
Z'J Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Monday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of
Mcmahan, CHara & Co., 2339 and 2341 Mis-
sion street, near Nineteenth, thence to St
Peter's Church, corner Twenty-fourth and
Alabama streets, for services, commencing
at 2:30 o'clock. Interment Mount Olivet
Cemetery.
WALTON — In thl* city, October 30, 1903. Jane
J. Walton, beloved wife of Thomas T. Wal-
ton, mother of Evelin. Ethel and Clarence
Walton, and sister of Mrs. E. H. Saunders,
a native of Nova Scotia, aged 48 years 4
months and 15 days.
E7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
Monday. November 2. 1DO3. at 1:30 o'clock
at her late residence. 2619 Clay street, be-
tween Etelner and Pierce. Interment Cypress
Lawn Cemetery, by 3:30 o'clock train from
Third and Townsend streets.
WENZEL — In this city, November 1. 1903
Henry WenzeL beloved father of Henry
Wenzel Jr. and Mrs. Katie Mohr, and grand-
father of Louisa Wenzel and Louise, Her-
man and Alvina Mohr, a native of Prussia.
Germany, aged 58 years 5 months and 23
daya. •
C7 Friends aad acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 10 o'clock, from the parlors
of H. F. Suhr & Co.. 1137 Mission street,
between Seventh and Eighth. . Interment I
O. O. F. Cemetery.
WILKINSON— In Oakland, November 1, 1903
Maxwell Arnold, infant son of Walter S. and
JSfc. Dr.R.L.Walsh
Jf]pff^v "urtssa.i itaul jrwii..
/W/AT' « «t kii brst? tfitti
» * 847 Geary St
Ilnttfy tfHsiU HnUg% IUU
••¦• ¦
Reduced Rates for Thirty Days
Painless Extraction 25c
flillnis .. .. .50c
Crowns .$2.00 to $5.00
Plate Work. . . $5.00 to $25.00
LOOS JOB TSI3 1ft SACH OTEIS Oil.
Eurila L. Wilkinson, a native of Califor-
nia, agi»d 5 months and 1 day.
WILLIAMS— In Nome. Alaska, SeDtember 9,
1003. Eben B. Williams. , son of R. A'. Wil-
liams, U. S..N.. of Pasadena, and. brother
of Dr. R. B. Williams- of; Oakland, a native
of Portsmouth, Va.. aged 46 years. - • .
ETFriends are .r»SDectfutly invited to at-
tend the funeral to-morrow (Tuesday), at i!
o'clock, from the parlors of Albert' Brown.
572 Thirteenth street. Oakland, Interment
Mountain View Cemetery.
WILZINSKI— In this city, November 1. 1903.
Bertha, dearly beloved wife of the late Mark
Wllzicskl. and lovinsr mother of Mrs. J. -H.
Hudson and Mrs. J. H. Coleman. a native
of Germany, aged 73 years 8 months and »
days.
C3Triends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
Tuesday. November 3. at 2 o'clock, at her
late residence. 53 Ehotwell street. Crema-
tion I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
ROBIN HOOD Circle No. 53. C. of F. of A. —
Officers and members are hereby notified to
attend the funeral of our late companion.
Mrs.*B. Wllztnskl, to-morrow (Tuesday), at 2
o'clock, from her late residence, 00 Shotwell
' street. By order
MAMIE SCHOEN, C. C.
L. Ar VON PUTTKAMER. F. S.
I6J9A lfi SLwJIt* v "Sap! JJ jffiwi I QT»7ck!s^F. H. Haiisman, : real estate < dealer.,
surrendered himself at: the Central police
station yesterday morning" and after be
ing booked at the City Prison was Imme
diately released on $4000 bonds, accepted
by Police Judge Cabaniss. Hausman is
accused ;by. Charles Alpers, president' of
the . National Fertilizer i Company, - with
disposing of land twice with intent to de
fraud, as detailed fully In yesterday's
Hausman Surrenders Himself.
The dance was given under the direction
of E. C. Fleischer, Richard Keuhn. Oscar
Busse. C. Trost, E. Rother, H. Reich, E.
Trost, Fred Zecher, H. L. Mueller, P.
Leonhard, George Gehrkens and Joseph
Straub. ..
The San Francisco Turn Ve rein *eld its
fifty-first anniversary ball last evening in
' the Verein's hall , on Turk 'street. '
:"! Oscar^ Hocks, -president 'of .the- Turn
Verein of San Francisco, and a candidate
for Supervisor, made a short address and
"was enthusiastically received. v -
Trapper's Oil cures rheumatism and neuralgia.
Druggist*. OOc flank. Klchard & Co.. 490 Clay. •
TURN VEREIN CELEBRATES
FIFTY-FIRST ANNIVERSARY
The cigar store of Charles Mattheas &
Co., 1430 Market street, . was visited by
burglars early yesterday ¦ morning and $4
was taken from the cash ; register. The
lock on the front door had been forced
off. Special Officer . Hussey noticed the
open i door, about 5 o'clock and • notified
Policeman J. . E. Dolan. They searched
the premises, but found no one. Mattheas
was sent for and expressed the opinion
that the stock , had .not been touched.
Burglars Visit Cigar Store.
LOS ANGELES, Nov. L— An" unknown
man ehot himself through the head at the
corner of East First and • Vignes streets
at 6 o'clock to-night. The wounded man
was hurried in the police patrol wagon
to the Receiving Hospital, but died as he
was being carried into the hospital. Noth
ing was found" on the body by means of
which 1 the deceased might be identified.
Even the maker's label on' his' clothing
was torn away. . On one of his fingers was
a plain 'gold ring. The "deceased was six
feet high, 45 years of age and weir dressed.
Unknown Man Takes His Life.
for Infant feeding in the uncertain ways
of the novice when you can have always
with you a supply of Borden's Eagle
Brand Condensed Milk, a perfect cow's
milk from herds of native breeds, the
perfection of infant food? Use it for tea
and coffee. y • *
Why Modify Milk
Of - tiie twenty-two Snef. appointees
only four or five are union men; the
others never saw a union and never did
anything for the union cause. And yet
on the Schmitz banners we , read the
words "Tried and True." True to whom?
To tie Unions? Surely not. If we can
reacn any conclusion from the ' list of
appointees. To whom then is Schmitz
true? To Abe Buef . who is bending- all
his energies to build up in San Fran
cisco a system that will make the
"rrafters" of St. Louis and Minneapolis
hide their diminished beads.
CEOCKEB WOKKINOMEN'S LEAGUE.
.Belle Colby, a womanof the half-world,
was arrested yesterday morning: by Po
liceman Hmchlngs and booked at the
City Prison on a charge of grand larceny.
She is accused of stealing a gold watch
and chain and' matchbox from William
Stephens, a lumberman from Seattle.
Stephens met the woman in a saloon at
30 Turk street, being Introduced to her by
the bartender. They were Joined by Ro
sie SnowbalL another woman of the half
world, and her male companion. The
two men and the bartender shook dice for
drinks till about- 6 o'clock yesterday
morning, when Stephens left the saloon
with the Colby woman. She took him to
a saloon at 17 Mason street, where they
had a drink, and then to a saloon at 14
Bddy street, where his watch, chain and
matchbox were stolen. .Hutchlngs recov
ered the watch and chain in a rear room
In the saloon, where they had been hid
den.
Stranger Robbed in Saloon.
Officer Fails to Recover From an Op
eration Performed for Attack
of Appendicitis.
HONOLULU, Nov. 1.— Stewart Rhodes,
paymaster. United States Navy, stationed
at the Hawaii naval station, is dead. Lieu
tenant Rhodes was recently operated on
for appendicitis. His body was brought
here to-day on the Iris, under military es
cort.
Owing to the absence of any duly au
thorized official the death of Lieutenant
Rhodes will cause a delay in the disburse
ment of pay funds at the naval station.
Paymaster Rhodes entered the service
January 13, 1900. He was appointed from
Ohio.
NAVY PAYMASTER RHODES
IS BEAD AT HONOLULU
BRISTOL, Tenn., Nov. L— Robert L.
Brown, president of a prominent coal
company in Wise County, Virginia, is
quoted to-night as having said that on
Friday afternoon the Wentz family re
ceived tidings of Edward Wentz, the miss
ing young Philadelphia millionaire.
A shrewd looking young man, it is
stated, appeared at the Wentz mansion at
Big Stone Gap, Va., and requested a con
ference with Dr. John S. Wentz, father of
the missing young man. He was admit
ted, when he told Dr. Wentz that his son
was ali^e and well and that he had been
authorized to say that for $100,000 young
Wentz, who was then in handcuffs in the
Cumberland 'Mountains, would be deliv
ered to his family unharmed.
Dr. Wentz, It is said, told the stranger
that he would have first to bring him a
letter from his sdn as an evidence that he
was alive, and that then his. proposition
would be considered. The stranger agreed
to this aVid immediately left for the
mountains. He was shadowed and' was
Been to get off the train at the mining
village of Esserville, when he disappeared
in the direction of the Cumberland Moun
tains. He Is expected to return to Big
Stone Gap by to-morrow. Meanwhile the
detectives are keeping a sharp lookout
and startling developments are antici
pated. ¦. .¦¦/'*.
Proposition Made to Release a Young
Millionaire From the Cumber
land Mountains.
MYSTERIOUS STRANGER
ASKS FOR A RANSOM
SYDNEY, X. S. W., Nov. 1. — It has been
learned that the British steamer Overlau. be
longing to the Union Steamship Company of
New Zealand, caught flre and sank oft Lord
Howe Island (between Port Jackson and Nor
folk Island and about 400 miles east of Syd
ney) on October 20. All the steamer's pas
sengers and crew were saved.
TACOMA, "Wash., Nov. 1.— J. S. Church
ill of New York has arrived from Wales
Island, formerly of the United States and
now a parcel of Canada, to ascertain how
the annexation of the Island to British
dominions will affect the operations of his
big salmon cannery. Churchill is vice
president and general manager of the
Wales Island Canning Company, which
owns the only property on the islands
ceded by the boundary commission to Can
ada other than a few huts built several
years ago by the American Government.
Churchill regrets his annexation to Can
ada and expects the result will be to close
his cannery at least temporarily. The
cannery packed 33,000 cases of salmon this
season. Its product has heretofore been
shipped to Now York. Now that the island
has become Canadian territory he will be
compelled to pay a duty on fish brought
ilere for consumption. Besides it must
employ its Chinese cannery laborers In
British Columbia instead of the United
States.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Boundary Decision Sur
prises Wales Island
American.
CANNERY RESTS
ON CANADA SOIL
PROFESSOR MOMMSEN
DEPARTS THIS LIFE
Eminent Historian Dies at Charlot
tenburg Surrounded by Members
of His Family.
BERLIN, Nov. -1.— Professor Theodore
Mommsen, the historian, died at Char
lottenburg at 8:45 o'clock this morning^
He passed away without regaining con
sciousness, the change from life to death
being observed only by his attending phy
sician, who watched all night long with
the family.
United States Embassador Tower and
other foreign Embassadors hero, as well
as a number of Cabinet Ministers, called
at the Mommsen residence this morning
to inquire how the sick man was and were
informed that he was dead.
Emperor William and various other
lesser German sovereigns have sent their
condolences to the Mommsen family.
NAPA, Nov. 1. — A disastrous flre broke out
on the ranch of Sam Walker In the lower
end of Wooden Valley Friday and burned over
800 acres of tho Walker ranch and part of
James Ream'e ranch. —
REDDING, Nov. 1.— In attempting to
write their names at a higher point than
a name had ever been written before on
the precipitous walls that enclose Bear
Creek Falls, four miles from Shingletown
In this county, yesterday afternoon, Grov
er Albery of Shingletown and Miss Atlanta
Adams of Etna Mills, Siskiyou County,
slipped and fell.
The young lady landed on the top of a
small tree eighty feet below. Her right
leg was broken in three places. Albery
continued to the bottom of the cliff, a full
100 feet, and was rendered unconscious,
but escaped serious injury. That both
were not killed is considered almost a
miracle by the physician who was called
from here to attend the injured girl. Four
other members of the pleasure party
spending the day at the falls found it
necessary to tear up articles of their
clothing to form a rope with which to get
Miss Adams, who was perfectly helpless,
out of the tree top.
After Albery and Miss Adams had
scaled 100 feet of the precipice, which is
but five degrees out of the perpendicular,
the young man's foot slipped on a moss
covered rock. It would not have been
necessary for the young lady to have
fallen, but Albery had hold of her hand
In assisting her upward and failed to let
go.
Two carloads of dynamite which ex
ploded In the Pennsylvania yards were
the cause of the excitement. Yardmaster
Courtier and Clerk Gersinger, who were
at work in the yard office a half mile
away, were seriously and, possibly, fatally
hurt by the destruction of the building
in which they were working.
Hundreds of Pennsylvania railroad em
ployes are at work searching for the dead
and injured. The entire west yard of the
road is a complete wreck. Officials of the
railroad say forty-five 1 cars were demol
ished. Where the explosion occurred a
hole twenty feet wide and twice as long
was torn in the ground. Men at work a
mile away were thrown from, the track. •
In the downtown portion of the city
there is not a building that has not suf
fered considerable damage. Many per
sons who were on the street were cut and
otherwise hurt by flying glass, and scores
of women are In a serious condition from
shock and concussion.
All of the physicians of the city are at
the scene of the wreck to assist those
who may be found injured. The sidewalks
and roads are littered with glass from the
shattered panes. The Mayor has sworn
in many extra policemen to guard prop
erty.
All of the churches were holding ser
vices when the explosion occurred. Doors
were blown off and windows smashed in
many of the buildings. The full extent
of the loss to property will not be known
for many days.
It cannot be learned until daylight
whether there has been any loss of life.
The wrecked cars are burning.
The explosion was plainly heard fifty
miles away.
All the switching crews of the Pennsyl
vania j-ard have been accounted- for.
Mansfield heard the report of the ex
plosion and sent fire apparatus by a spe
cial train shortly after the report came
of the great fire that was rasinsr.
There are thirty tracks in tho Crestline
yards, all of which have been more or
less damaged. The main tracks are -piled
ten feet high with dirt, bent rails, car
trucks and other railroad machinery.
CRESTLINE, Ohio, Nov. 1.— Crestline
and vicinity were in a panic to-night aa
the result of a terrible explosion at 8
o'clock. Many buildings were shaken and
in some instances the walla fell. Church
congregations were stampeded. Residents
who were at home were terrified.
The facts are these: The Crows, Arapa
hoes and Sioux go backward and forward
every fall during the game season on
visits to one another, and during these
annual pilgrimages they wantonly slaugh
ter all the game in sight and incidentally
kill a steer or fat sheep now and then.
They are charged also with stealing
horses from the settlers. Efforts have
been made to put a stop to the outlawry,
but always without success. .Recently
the authorities of Weston County deter
mined to stop the unlawful practices and
Sheriff Miller was instructed to arrest the
Indians. The latter became warlike and
refused to either desist or get out of the
country.
A large party of special deputies, with
provisions and medical supplies, accom
panied by surgeons, left Newcastle late
to-night for the scene of the battle. The
party will Join In the chase and the sur
geons will care for the wounded. It is
reported to-night that Sheriff Miller is
not fatally wounded.
Governor Chatterton was advised of the
trouble and probably will send a company
of soldiers to the scene to assist the sher
iffs and tHeir posses In running down the
murderers. The companies at Newcastle
and Buffalo have been instructed to hold
themselves in readiness to take the field
In case troops are needed.
The ranchmen and others in the vicinity
of the battle are hurrying to the scene.
The Indians are headed for the Bad
Lands of Western Nebraska, and, being
familiar with the country, they may be
able to reach the Pine Ridge Agency be
fore they are overtaken. Once within the
reservation, they wiM be practically safe
from pursuit and identification.
A serious outbreak among the Indians
is feared, for It is known that they have
been in an ugly mood for some time. They
complain that the Government does not
supply them with sufficient food and they
are compelled to hunt and slaughter the
livestock of the ranchmen in order to live.
GO UPON ANNUAL FORAYS.
TROOPS ARE IN READINESS.
CHEYENNE, Wyo.. Nov. l.-A(5vlces
were received here this evening of a bat
tle fought late yesterday afternoon fifty
miles north of Lusk, Wyoming, on Little
Lightning Creek, near its junction with
the Cheyenne River, between a posse
under Sheriff W' H. Miller of Weston
County and a band of twenty-flve Crow
Indians under Charlie Carries Elk.
The Indians had been slaughtering
game and killing, the cattle and sheep of
settlers and the officers attempted to ar
rest them. A portion of the Indian party
was captured and the wagons, stock and
game confiscated and sent back to New
castle, but the bucks got away and led
the officers a long chase through Weston
and Converse counties. The posse came
upon the Indians on Little Lightning
Creek last night, just as they were going
into camp for the night. Only meager
details of the battle have been received,
but it Is known that Sheriff Miller was
wounded and Deputy Falkenburg killed.
Three . Indians were killed* and several
were wounded. Two or three deputies
also were wounded.
Special Dispatch to Th* Call.
Feminine Pleasure Seekers Tear
Their Dresses to Provide a Rope
to Rescue Their Badly In- \
. r jured Companion.
Buildings Miles Away Are Wrecked
and Debris of Damaged Struc
tures Litters the
Streets.
Defeated Braves Flee Toward the Ne
braska Bad Lands, With Army
of Ranchmen Upon
Their Trail.
Young Woman Plunges
Eighty Feet Into a
Small Treetop.
Sheriffs Force Engages Ma
rauding Band, on Little.
Lightning Creek.
Two Entire Carloads of Nitro
Glycerine Blow Up With
Awful Impact.
One White *and Three
Indians Killed in
Wyoming Fight.
Tremendous Explosion
in Crestline, Ohio,
Railway Yards.
Precipice Climbers Top
ple Prom a Cliff in
Shasta. <
DYNAMITE
MAKES RUIN
OF A TOWN
TAKES GIRL
WITH HIM IN
AWFUL FALL
REDS OFFER
BATTLE TO
THE POSSE
THE SAN FRANCISCO GALL, MONDAY, NOVEMBER 2, 1903.
12
GOLDBERG
BDWEN
& CO
Gelatine— Cox 2 for 25c
Large size— reg'ly 15c package
Italian prunes 3 1-2 lbs 25c
rich— tart— wholesome— reg'ly ioc Ib
Ginger— Crystallised ioc '
Wholesome confection—
I reg'ly 15c % lb box
Sweet pick!es—^fo»w»«<fe 15c
Old Virginia— 25C
reg'ly 20c 30c bottle
Toilet SOfD—Melda 37 Jc
, Lathers quickly — reg'ly 50c dozen
Tooth powder 20c
Listerated— patent box— new style—
rejc'ly 25c
Royal roaster 95c
Self baster— 11x16 Inches
TeapotS"-^^ kingham earthenzvara
Special
2OC I 2OC I 25c I 30c 1 4OC 1 50c 1 70C
Reg'ly
35c I 30c I 35c I 40c I 50c I 65c I 85c
Liquor department
Whisky— Old mellow rye 75c
Good for a cold — $3
reg'ly $1 bottle— $4 gallon
Cognac— French §\ 50
S. O. P.— the kind you need in
cases of sickness — reg'ly $2 bottle
Riesll ng— ML Vineyard 65G4
Rich— fruity— reg'ly $1 gallon
Table claret—*'. K pts $1 40
Pure-mellow — qts 2 25
reg'ly fc 90 $2 90 dozen
Allowance for return of empty bots, 80c per do*
Sweet wines—^Ported 75C
Port, sherry, Madeira £3
reg'ly $1 bottle, $4 gallon
Cherries in marasquin 50c
Flavor lemonade — punch — cocktails
reg'ly 55c qt bottle
432 PINE S32 SUTTER
2819 California ban Francisco
13th and Clay Streets Oakland
SZh SPHEROID (Patented) (&&
\j\ Eye Glasses Y[ 1
ke2i Opera Classes (JA
l^y Instruments t\
J^J Kodaks, Photo Goods W^
ADVEBTISEMENT8, ' . _ ._._^. ,
Special Values in
Colored and Black
Dress Fabrics.
m A f 50-INCH BASKET WEAVE CHEVIOTS,
9) A «0 0 J In camel's-halp effects, verg leslrafcle
I yard | Tor tailor-made and otitlng suits, all
I the new Fall colorings.
,-.'¦. •
'.. aA / 50-INCH ALL-WOOL ENGLISH CHEV-
S 4 .0 0 J I0T, white dotted effects, in shades of
i yard | Rogal, Cardinal, Navu, Olive, Garnet,
* Seal, Golden Brown and Black.
f 44-INCH GENUINE FRENCH all-WOOl
$ A .00 j POPLIN, in a good varietu of shades,
1 yard \ Including tans, hiues, hrowns, reds,
\ drags, greens and cream.
<£ A rid ( 50-INCH BLACK SILK-FINISHED ZIB-
%p/l .\JU ) ELINES, GRANITE CLOTHS, VENE-
X y^ rd ( TIANS AND BASKET CLOTHS.
m . _-, / 54-INCH BLACK PEBBLE CHEVIOTS,
SA .50 j CANVAS CLOTHS, DIAGONALS, UN-
I- yard \ FINISHED WORSTEDS and NOPPE
_ HOP SACKINGS.
Q A 9 C BLACK PEBBLE CAMEUS-
<P1 •**<> ) HAIR WIRE CLOTHS, NOPPE GRAN-
, X y ard ( ITES and ENGLISH CHEVIOTS.
We are also showing a new line of FANCY WOOL
WAISTINGS in Oxford and Canvas Weave Effects-
all the new color combinations.
75c and 85c uard.
T»yj -f->| *TP y^ Orders by mall receive prompt' attention.
1^1 V-J' 1 wl2j All orders for samples or goods filled
- and shipped same day they are received.
111, 113, 115, 117, 119, 121 POST STREET.
BOWEM
&L COo
HOLIDAY FOODS ARRIVING
Walnuts— Malaga raisins
Calimyrna figs— chestnuts
—glace 'cherries— mammoth
olives — mackerel — mammoth
prunes— eastern sausages (7
varieties)— comb honey
—German potatoes—
Monday Tuesday Wednesday
Todd's famous hams— per-
fection in cure, exquisite in
flavor— from Virginia.
Kona coffee 20c
* Rich aroma— has the
strength of coffee with chicory—
but is pure^ — reg'ly 25c lb
Chutney— Bombay 3 OC
Rastamjee Bhickajee— piquant 5OC
relish* for hot or cold meats —
rcg" y 4K pint — 60c quart
Pineapple — Hawaiian 2OC
Sliced in rich syrup—
reg'ly 25c 2# lb can
Pimientos morrones i2^c
Spanish sweet red peppers— 2OC
reg'ly 15c can— 25c can
Holland cocoa 8oc
Van Houten—xht best made—
reg'ly 95 C •**
MushrOOmS—F. LeCourt 22^C
French button variety— reg'ly 25c can
Cocoanut— Schepps 25c
Shredded— fresh— natural 2 lbs 45C
flavor— reg'ly 30c lb
Fruits in Syrup 3 cans 5°c
Alcalde— all but cherries, pears
and berries— reg'ly 20c can
Mustard— French 2OC
Louit— different flavors—
reg'ly 25c bottle
Soups — Franco American IOC
Delicious as home made-
enough for two
Lemons— reg'Jy *sc doz 15c
WEEKLY CALL, $1.00 PES YEAB.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Bill : !^i%illslm.l&Ti 'plli |
IJISgggiifli A Great Opportunity for This Week's Buyers. C^^^l/
For weeks and weeks our receiving department has been kept busy receiving and stor-
ing this great stock of eatables, and for weeks we have been preparing for this, our Great
Fall Opening, with opening prices so attractive, and for one week only all shall have
free access to more, than fifty thousand dollars worth of new goods. It rests -entirely
with you whether or not you will reap the benefit. Free delivery to all parts' of city
and suburbs. Including all places within 100 miles. Orders sent to us by mail during
these Blx days will be filled and shipped promptly.
Pure Maple Sugar, 3 'lbs ItSc 3 Carnation or Red Ribbon Creams. ... % .25e
Finest Burbank Potatoes, box 75c 8 bars Eastern Laundry Soap S45c
Qt. bot. Made Syrup :i3c 7 bars Sana Soap 25c
Gal. can Manic Syrup....... $1.OO 6 bars Borax Soap. Ammonia 2Su
Finest Cranberries, qt K>o Large bars Iran. Castile Soap 25c
Cross & Blackwell's Pickles UOo Nice Jelly Glasses, per doz UOc
2 full qts. Chow Chow 4Be 6 full lb. pkgs. Seedless Raisins 5<>c
Finest Sala.1 Oil, bot 20c 7 pkgs. Cleaned Currants 5Oc
Gal. can Finest Salad Oil 7Oc Snlder's Catsup, per bot IKe
Pt. bot. Pure Olive Oil !*5c Lemon. Orange, Citron Peel, 2 lbs 25c
Qt. bot. Pure Olive Oil <*5e 4 cans assorted Pure Spices 3Oc
% gal. can Pure Olive Oil 91.25 Full lb. cans Pure Spices.. 25e
Full gal. can Pure Olive Oil $2.OO 3 25c Jars Prepared Mustard 25c
$1.25 Vanilla Extract O^c 2 25c cans Cocoa 2.">c
$1.25 Lemon Extract' <Wc 7 lbs. 15c Rice ; n()c
65c Vanilla or Lemon Extract 35c o lbs. Good Rice COc
1000 sk«. Pure Cane Granulated Sugar, with orders, i!0 lbs ....ipl.OO
CO aks Fine Large German Prunes, 14 lbs 25c
Fairbanks' Gold Dust, pkg., 15c: 3 5c sks. Salt, 10c: 50-lb elc 5Oc
38 sks. Nice White Rice, in this big sale, 11 lbs for 50c
11 drums Very Finest Kona Coffee, long as it lasts, 4 lbs. for 5Oc
21 drums Very Fine Grade Mocha and Java Coffee, long as It lasts, 5 lbs $1.00
32 chests Fine Imported New Teas, Uncolored Japan, Splderleg Japan, Gunpowder,
Oolong, Young Yyson. Ceylon and English Breakfast — 2 lbs., 55c: 4 lbs., $1.<M»;
(5 lbs., 91*45: 8 lbs., $1 .sr». You nave never bought good teas so cheap before.
1500 sqs. Very. Fineet California Fresh Creamery Butter, reg. 60c, now, sq 42%c
800 sqs. Nice and Sweet California Creamery Butter, reg. 50c, now r.4Oc
43 ca*es JuRt Arrived California Fresh Ranch Eggs, doz., 35c; 3 doz • 91. OO
16 cases California Fresh Store Eggs, 30c doz.; 4 doz.... SI.1O
9 bags Fresh Roasted Santos and Rio Coffee, io lbs .ijtl.OU
STAMP GIVEN WITH EACH 10c PURCHASE^ ON ANY ARTICLE IN OUR STORE
4 pkgs. Corn Starch ........25o S pkgs. Babbitt's Soap Powder ...25c
4 cana Red Salmon «....35c 65c Heavy Eastern Broom, now 45c
9 lbs. Rolled Oata or Wheat > 25c 60c Heavy Eastern Broom, now.... :t5e
60-lb. sk. Best Flour fl.15 45c Heavy Eastern Broom, now 30c
10-lb. sk. Yellow Cornmeal 25c Good Union-Made Broom, light 25c
10-lb. «lt. Flour .25c New Eastern Maine Corn, 3 cans.. .3Oc
2 lbs. Fancy New Almonds ..2.~»e 3 large cans Best Tomatoes 25c
6 lbs. Bayo or White Beans 25e 3'cann Stringless Beans 25c
6 lbs. Red or 7 lbs. Pink Beans.. ...25c 3 cans Good Peaches 25c
Fancy White or Black Figs, 6 lbs 25c 3 cans Good Plum*) ....25c
Fancy White Dried Peaches, 4 lbs 25c 3 cans Nice Sweet Peas 25c
Fancy 4 lbs. Evaoorated Apples 25c Most all brands Baking Powder......'. ..35c
« lbs. Fancy French Prunes.... 25c 2 cans Nice Pineapples 25c
2 New Cocoanuts ; ..15c S tins Imp. Sardines ........25c
Eastern Hams, very fine, lb 14%c « cans Baltimore Oysters ....45c
3-lb. pail Eastern Lard ,..'.";. 35o 7 cans Deviled Ham .:...... .25o
5-lb. Dall ra«tern Lard.. :, OOc 1000 pkgs. Tea, each 5c
10-lb. pall. Eastern Lard 91.2O Canned Preserve* or Jama..... ..lOe
This will be a great harvest for those who buy liquors this week.
Old Kentucky Whisky, gal.. i.. $1.O.V $1.10 Apricot Brandy GOc
Imp. Vermouth, gal $1.50 $1.00 bot. Rock and Rye ..5Oc
$5 Irish Whisky, gal...... $2.5(1 $5 to $6 Bourbon or Rye Whisky .S3.OO
$5 Scotch Whisky, gal .......... ..*2.5O $4 to $5 Bourbon or Rye Whisky. .:...$2.5O
8-year-old Brandy, gai ( $2.O<> $1.00 Peach Brandy ....'_:. ......".:. .;..5Oc
Holland Gin, im»., gal..... 92.5O 25c bot. Claret .............15c
Old Tom Gin. gal.. ..." :..$2.25 35c bot. Port or Sherry... ...2Oc
$1.50 Port or Sherry, this week. .....;.. «5c California Beers. doz..... .......... ..$1.1O
$1.00 bot. College Club Whisky. ...50c Absinthe, per bot; ......50c
OM Peach Brandy, gal $2.4O $1.00 Fine Old Gin...... .....50c
Old Forester Gin. gal .*.. .$1.«15 $1.00 bot. Old Brandy, this. week .-...50c
$1.50 Angelica Wine. gal.. .OOc $1.25 bot. Vermouth .". .. ....V.'.:.50c
75o Claret, this week, gal.. ..... ...35c. $1.00 bot. Silver Crescent Whisky..''. . ...5Oc
7-year-old Baltimore Bourbon, gal..'.. .$1.75 9-year-old McBrayer Whisky, bot... ....<IOe
$1.25 bot., Malt ,Wnlsky. .....:......;... COc $1.25 bot. Stomach Bitters, now... 75c
Blackberry Brandy, gal ........92.0O $1.25 O. P. S. Whisky, bot ..'.......OOc
$3 to $4 Bourbon or Rye Whisky.. ....$2.15 0-year-old Old Crow Whisky, bot......: OOc
Imp. Jamaica Rum. gal .....82.75 $1.00 bot. Jamaica Rum. this week...... OOc
Old Apricot Brandy, gal...... .$2.OO $1.25 Iri«h,or Scotch > Whisky, bot.. .V... OOc
, 5-year-old Maryland : Rye, ; gal. . . . . . . . . $ l.<>5 $1.25 j full . Quart Fernet. : .... . . 7. ..... . . JK»c
¦,Weare«vlsr you the ad vantage of our great buying Dower: for 'this. week. '
: 1049 MARKET ST.. bet. 6th and ,7th. opp. Jone* - or - McAlliater tti. or Hlbernia Bank.
' .•¦;• ..-..¦ ;-.- ..¦). Phone South 894. i , . . .
' ADVERTISEMENTS.
~| VOLLXVH. No. I . 1903 PRICE. 35 CENTS [
J'JXir >H<- v^-^- *3*S* t*-*^ '-'*¦> *^*-r *.*-U v'-^- -I-MJ U^>" iHi >V<^ i)Jii iJ-/-g '-^^^^*^J^fJ--^ t £& "?SJs iVjtr '*9
fA\axfield Parrish's
Beautiful Color- Pictures J^mTj
Illustrating Edith Wharton's "Italian Gardens" pslcgslf]
"A Worlds Congress of Dans"- In Color f^^fflfj
"Tropic Sunsets"- In Color Iffecpf
_ . Thackeray Bismarck
L$h§vp In very Interesting nor Ambassador White's
P||g§ letters aad pictures Reminiscences ||f^p^
Ipy, "Four Roads to Paradise* P$®
%feiSM beginning * New Serial Story P'fe^E
sHsiFyS & M*ud Vildcr Goodxrin jB> tLMEI
Illustrated bj Keller ISSte
W$Bt The New York Stock Exchange wM
fo"*)ifog |Jy Ed/mind Clarence Stedoiaa "»Mdf5'?*
RicWf Illustrated Ip^jpl
WiBS Ernest Thompson Seton's
WjJS> ' Fable and woodmy th " tenS
f^Fil Illustrated by the Author tM^3v£
tg^Mat Six Complete Stories jfeMjl
f -H Bj 3.VelrAUtchcU frll, |
First number of x ne<w volume — exquisitely illustrated in color; full of
iftridibc features. On every news-stand, 35 cts. Begin yearly subscrip-
tions <with this issue, $4.00 a year. The Century Co., Union Sq., New York
ZXPEBT OPTICIAN.
GERMAN EYEWATER
THE GREATEST ITE B.EMEDT XV
THE WORLD.
OIVES I2TETA2TT EELIEP in ALL
EYE TROUBLES.
Highly recommenced for Weak Eyes. Poor
•Hrht, TVa.tery. Painful. Sore. Discharging.
Burning, Smarting. Itching. Inflamed or In-
jured Eyea, ited. Gluey. Crusty or Granulated
Eyelids, Floating Ppote. Cloudy Vision, feeling
like Sand in the Eyes, etc Also of great bene-
fit to those wearing glasses.
AIT? EEKSATIOIT OF PAIN
ZS A WASZTZ17O.
SISTER MART BAPTIST— Sister of Mercy. '
Grass Valley, writes: My eyes have much im-
proved by the use of Gecrge Mayerle's German
Eyewater, and I heartily Indorse It.
CAUTION — The genuine must have the trad*
tnark — an eye with a crown, and the signature
of George Mayerle.
GEORGE MAYERLE,
Highest Optical Skill. 1071 Market it.
Honorary member of the Delaware and Iowa
State Optical Societies, charter member Ameri-
can Association of Opticians.
SAW FBANCISCO.
Phone South S72.
At reliable druggist*', but Insist on ratting
the GENUINE, bearing the trade mark — an eye
with » crown. Price. 50c; by mail. 62c.
CUT T H »ff OUT.
f You Read
Vjf not buy yt£
ISHIRTSJ
I ARE THE BEST I
I AT THE PRICE. I
I I CLUETT, PEABODY &. CO. BJ
Rheumatism g
Bright'* disease.', brick dust deposit, bed- R
wetting.* gravel, dropsy, diabetes. R
Cured with &g<SK |
One Bottle / |
McBurncy's / v** %^M H
Kidney and fej */W I
Bladder Cure f) f K
Relief . Jn' 20 rr.ln- .^V ii
utes. Express pre- *-^W -^'V I
paid f 1 50. Send 2Sc to VV. F. McBur- R
ney for five days' treatment. p
22Q S. Spring it.. Loa Angeles. Sold B
by druggist*. H
4 visit DR. JORDAN'S crcat 4
JHUSEUH OF ANATQHYf
§ m9 iBumniET.ixi.stkaTti.G.r.Cii. A
V Cj TfecLtrrestAuioaical Museum in the \
4 »rSf?&fc World, tfufctecn of inj r contracted A
A L EgV A OR. JORDAN-DISEASES OF MEN 4
\ I €5r?in CommltttJoo frw and ttrictly prlrate. \
§ I Jtirtt H T'**"""" P«sonsli y « by letter. A A
T | W C| B NWm CW* in e»eryaie undertaken, \
mrl HA' Write for Be*k.rai.«aOFHT«fj'
W • I A* UMM6K, MAILSS FRBM. ( KV
ifl '- ]± »»lu» We book for Bra) \
DBi'jOBDAJIACO. 1051 Market St. 8. F. Y
•^*^^»> "^ -^
¦^^tvHESS,
XTcUry Public aad Attoraey-at-taw.
8>Ein Floor., Boom 1C15. Claus Spreckels bid*.
Telephone Main 0S3.
Accidence, 821 California *t., below Powell. -
IU«M«nce Telephone J*me» 1501.