VOLUME XCIV— NO. 87.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
DEMENTED WAYNE McCLOUD
FIRES A BULLET INTO BRAIN
IN PRESENCE OF HIS BRIDE
Tells How Zionism
May Win Jls*
sistance.
Russian Minister
- ¦ ¦ . ¦ ¦ ¦¦¦'.-¦•
Would Favor
the Jews.
JACOB DEHAAS SENDS COPY
OF VON PLEHWE INTERVIEW
IN RELATION TO ZIONISTS
The San Francisco Call
VICTIM OF SENSATIONAL SUI
CIDE AND HIS FIANCEE
WHO WITNESSED DEED.
PRESIDENT OF THE ZIONIST CONGRESS. WHICH IS NOW IN SES
eiON AT BASLE. SWITZERLAND, AND A PROMINENT MEMBER OF
THE MINISTRY OF THE CZAR'S GOVERNMENT.
WASHINGTON, Aug. 25.— Bids > were
opened *„ to-day at the .War Department
for .the purchase of $3,000,000 . certificates
of indebtedness for the Philippine Gov
ernment. Harvey Flsk & Sons.'Xcw York,
bid ; for * all or, any part of the amount
at $102 24... This was accepted.'. The bonds
are deliverable .In New. York on Septem
ber 1. Among the other bidders was the
Puget* Sound .Savings Bank 'of Tacoma,
Wash., for $30,000 at par.
New. York Firm Buys Bonds.
. Professor Mooney says ¦ that a" public
council of chiefs was held - and he ad
vised against- anything In the nature of
torture, although he learned afterward
that on the last night of the dance the
man referred to had two silts made In his
breast with a knife, each cut being about
half an inch In length.' He declared that
he was not present and did not know of
the occurrence until the next day.
He refutes the charge that he hired or
Instigated an Indian to drag a buffalo skull
by means of cords passed over skew
ers fixed in the man's shoulders. He says
he was not present when the man started,
but that later Mr. ; Seger, the superintend
ent, who, It is said, made the charges
against him/" witnessed " the act and at
tempted no Interference.
WASHINGTON, Aug. 25.— Professor
Mooney of the Bureau of Ethnology has
made a statement to Professor Langley,
secretary of the Smithsonian Institution,
in reference to the Cheyenne sun dance,
which he is said to have encouraged. He
denies that the dance was paid for by
him in whole or in part, but says that it
was the regular tribal ceremony enacted
by numerous tribes on various reserva
tions every year.'
Within the past ten years, Mooney says,
he has witnessed four of these dances,
which were held with the full knowledge
and sanction of the agent. He denies that
any dancers were strung up with cords
and ' that . of . the' 139 Indians who partici
pated in the dance lately, neld only one
was anxious to undergo the peculiar form
of torture In accordance with a vow "of
sacrifice. ' *•-»:<: ':5-:*M - ¦ -
PORTLAND, Me.. Aug. 25.— The war
game began In earnest to-night • Tho
searchlights at 11:55 p. m., when trained
on a warship approaching the harbor en
trance and the batteries at Fort Wil
liams, began a heavy cannonade.
. Two battleships have been theoretically
destroyed by shots from 6 and 13 Inch.
guns at. Fort Williams. Other warship*
can be seen outside the harbor.
• The. vessels fired upon probably were
gunboats or torpedo boat destroyers.
Three small vessels were brought Into
¦view by the searchlights at 11:55 and one
round of shots was fired from the 6 and
13 Inch guns at Fort Williams, which, ac
cording to the rules, sank one vessel.
Fort McKinley and Fort Levitt each
fired one round, each of which sank a
vessel, and so in all probability three ves
sels were theoretically destroyed.
At 1:15 a. m.; a large vessel, evidently
a battleship, came into range and was
fired, upon with one round from Forts
Williams and Levitt and three rounds
from Fort McKlnley. The vessel returned
the fire of both the Fort Williams and
Fort Levitt, batteries.. General quarters
were sounded at Fort-Preble. the forti
fications farther inside the harbor, when
the fire was opened from other forts.
The . rattle of musketry was heard In
the direction of Fort Levitt, and It was
supposed an attempt had been made to
land men from the fleet.
At 1:30 a. m. the harbor sear' Fort Pre
ble was filled with launches from the
fleet with landing parties, and the troops
defending Fort Preble. the acknowledged
key to the harbor defense, were firing In
force. The firing at 1:45 was general from
all the forts In the Harbor.
SENATORS TO DEVISE
PLANS FOR THE CANAL
Colombian Upper House Names a
Committee to Adjust the
Difficulties.
WASHINGTON. Aug. 25.— Dr. Herran.
the Colombian Charge d'Affalres at
Washington, to-night made public the
text of the latest dispatch received by
him from Senor Relco, the Minister of
Foreign Affairs at Bogota, regarding the
isthmian canal negotiations. The text of
the cablegram follows?
' '-The Senate, considering that the Col
ombian people are desirous of maintaining
the most cordial relations with the United
States, and that the construction of the
canal is of the greatest Importance to
the universal American commerce, has
appointed a committee of three Senators
to devise the manner of satisfying the
vehement desire for the excavation of a
Panama canal, harmonizing national In
terests and legality."
Official Explains
About Indian
Dances.
Battle Is Now On
Along Coast of
lu<±1116.
MOOMEY SAYS
THAT HE SAW
NO TORTURES
GUNS BOOM
AT NIGHT IN
MIMIC WAR
TOPEKA, Kans., Aug. 25.— It is an
nounced at the .United States Marshal's
office here that notice has been served on
six of the largest cattle companies in
Western Kansas : to compel them to take
down fences ; from Government ..' land.
Fourteen more "defendants will be added
to the Government case. The officers ex
pect the fences will be removed without
the matter.being tried in the courts.
I I-'I"I"I"I"I ¦I-I-'I 1 I'-H-O
ministers from their perilous position at
the 'jtrlpod.'y The incident cVeated I intense
excitement on / the beach, , among.- those'
who witnessed it • being ' the wives of the
three clergymen ... . .... ' L . ;
TJncle Sam Notifies Western Kansas
Cattlemen to . Clear Away,
Obstructions.
MUST REMOVE FENCES
FROM GOVERNMENT LAND
The presents of food and cigarettes
which the Sultan sent to the Russian
squadron shortly after it anchored off In
iada, eastern coast of Turkey, were not
permitted to be received on board the
Russian warships, Admiral Kruger refus
ing to accept" them. '.','; -
CONSTANTINOPLE, Aug. 2S.-Three
Bulgarian villages near TcherkosRl,
vilayet of Adrianople, are- reported lo
have been attacked by Circassians ' and
their Inhabitants massacred.
MASSACRE BY CIRCASSIANS.
The bathing is done in a large Incloaure
within a quadrangle of ropes which ex
tends nearly 100 yards from shore, the
ropes being supported by tripods of rail
road rails driven Into the bottom. They
are connected with heavy ropes to pre
vent persons being carried out to sea. The
tripods are In deep water. Revs. Wads
worth and Hobart were able after a des
perate struggle to reach one of the tri
pods, to which they clung, every big wave
washing completely over them. Their
companion was carried over the ropes and
was drifting seaward when the life saving'
crew reached him with a • lifeboat. He
was so completely exhausted when
dragged into the boat that he was unable
to stand. The boat then rescued the other
LONG BEACH, Aug. 25.-Rev. A. L.
Wadsworth, president of the Baptist As
sembly, now in session here; Rev. C. H.
Hobert of Pasadena and Dr. J. Whltcomb
Brower owe their lives to the prompt ac
tion of the life saving crew which Is
maintained in front "of the ' bathhouse
throughout "the day to protect bathers.
But for the action of the life savers all
three of the reverend gentlemen would
have been drowned yesterday afternoon.
They were bathing and had gone out until
the water was over their shoulders, when
an unusually heavy roller came -In and
swept them off their feet. The undertow
from the wave was greater than they had
expected and that, with the strong cur
rent which was running, carried them
into deep water. None of them was an
expert swimmer and their efforts to swim
to a place of safety were of no avail
against the swirl of the water.
Special Dispatch to The CalL
Baptist Clergymen
Are Caught in'
.Undertow.
SERKELEY, Aug. 25.— With his
mind already affected by over
work, and filled with fearful
fancies, Wayne McCloud, un-
til last • I .Saturday a copy
editor the" San -t Francisco Exam
iner~and> a/ graduate of the Unrteratty "of'
.California^, became suddenly^insane
shortly after 7 o'clock to-night "and shot
himself to death In the presence of Miss
Margaret L. Matthew, his classmate and
a graduate with him in 1899,' to whom he
was to have been married at that hour.
The tragedy was enacted In front of , the
Marliave house, three" doors removed
from the Matthew home, 2009 Lincoln
street. McCloud and Miss Matthew had
just come from the East Berkeley sta
tion, having arrived on the train due a
few minutes before 7 o'clock. It was
dusk and when they were fairly in the
shadow of some trees In front of the
Marliave house McCloud drew a' pistol
from his hip pocket and pressing it
against his head said: "Well, good bye,
Margy."
Miss Matthew thought he was only jok
ing, but the moment the words were said
he pulled the trigger and a shot rang out.
McCloud fell to the ground with a bullet
hole in the right side of his head, near
the temple.. He said nothing more, and
when the neighbors came to offer assist
ance he was dead. The body was removed
to the Morgue.
BRIDE GROWS ILL.
Miss Matthew was distracted by the
tragic sight and ran to her home to in
form her family, who were all preparing
for the wedding set for that hour. She
told them what had happened and then
became so 111 that physicians had to be
called to attend her. Her condition Is
critical and her mind may be affected by
her trial. * . . :
McCloud and Miss Matthew were to
have been married ; by Miss Matthew's
father, the Rev. .Winfleld S. Matthew. It
was to have been* a very simple affair,
honored by the presence of the members
of the family and a few Intimate friends.
Some of these were going toward the
Matthew home Just as the tragedy was
taking place and saw a part of Its ghastly
features. v
Young McCloud's mental health began
to fall about two months . ago, . when , he
was promoted to the position of ; copy
editor" from a position on the Sunday
staff. His physical health was far from
robust and his mind could not stand the
turmoil and strain of the more important
position. His superiors noticed his condi
tion and gave him a month's leave of ab
sence, during which to recuperate. He
went back to work apparently Improved,
but a week ago the strain began to tell
on him again. He felt himself failing and
so made arrangements togo Into some
other 'work, securing a position with ' a
quicksilver mining company in Santa Cruz
County, which he was to take to-morrow.
His resignation took effect on Saturday,
since when he had been arranging his af
fairs in "anticipation of , his marriage and
the work of his new position. He had in
tended to take his bride with him to Santa
Cruz.;;'^V-
]V*i HIS BRAIN GAVE. WAY.,
¦Within the last two days McCloud's
mental derangement became more marked
than before. He acted strangely. Late
yesterday afternoon he called Miss Mat
thew on the telephone and said he wanted
her to come to him.
"I'll come,", she said. "Where are you?"
"I don't know where I am," f be replied.
VI think I'm away out somewhere on Sut
ter street."
"Why doti't you come over here?'? she
asked, v ¦ .
v "I am i afraid," he replied. "I. don't want
Many Turks are attempting to cross the
frontier, but the Bulgarian guards have
turned them back. The Insurrectionary
movement is reported to have gained
strength In the environs of Salonlca. Both
sides are reported to have lost heavily.
The Turkish population along the Bul
garian frontier is greatly alarmed. The
insurgents attacked a Turkish frontier
post at Kobtschas and killed thirty-six
soldiers.
SOFIA, Bulgaria,. Aug. 25.— Following
the departure of the Russian squadron
from Iniada the Insurgents attacked and
captured a fort there. Eighteen revolu
tionists at Mahla attacked 230 Bash!
Bazouks, who entrenched themselves In a
stone tower. The revolutionists blew up
the "tower with dynamite at night and
killed all the Bashl Bazouks.
Town Is Attacked When the Russian
Squadron Departs.
INSURGENTS AT INIADA.
LIFE SAVERS
RESCUE THEM
FROM WAVES
There is no truth in the report that a
deputation left Sofia last Friday to visit
Prince Ferdinand of Bulgaria, who is In
Hungary, to invite him to declare his
Macedonian policy.
The Macedonian fugitives In Bulgaria
are preparing to send a deputation to
St. Petersburg to inform. the Czar of the
pitiable condition of Macedonia and to
beg for his intervention.
SOFIA. Bulgaria, Aug. 25.— A revolu
tionary band has appeared at the village
of Tcherkoskl, between Adrianople and
Constantinople, within six hours of the
Sultan's capital. The Insurgents and
Turks fought and afterward the Circas
sian inhabitants of the village pillaged
and destroyed three Bulgarian villages in
the neighborhood, killing all the men,
women and children, except a few who
escaped to the mountains.
Fugitive Macedonians Will Ask the
Czar to Take Action.
VILLAGES "ARE DESTROYED.
Pulls- Trigger Just
Before Hour of
Wedding.
He Had Been m an
# Editor in Poor
Health.
CONSTANTINOPLE.' Aug. 25.— "Carry
the war to the seacoast," is the latest
battle cry of the Macedonian Insurgents.
This plan is designated to bring the con
flict more directly before the eyes of
Europe and compel the Turkish Govern
ment to weaken its forces in the interior.
Military critics point out that Saraoff,
the Bulgarian leader of the revolutionists,
has been contriving to surprise . the
shrewdest of Turkish commanders In sev
eral parts of the theater of operations.
They also declare that the Macedonians
who are in arms are rapidly acquiring
military habits in thought, action and en
durance, the methods of the brigand hav
ing been put aside in a remarkable man
ner during many of the recent opera
tions.' This change Bhows the Increasing
ability to cope with the Sultan's forces.
Opinion is widespread that while the
uprising will mainly subside at the be
ginning of winter, a situation as bad will
develop again next spring. Hence the
diplomatists continue to dwell upon hypo
thetical solutions, which gives the im
pression that the crisis may take an im
portant diplomatic turn any day.
It Is recognized that Russia still cher
ishes its traditional policy of plucking the
Ottoman apple when it is full ripe, but
it Is continually pointed out that the diffi
culties which confront the Czar elsewhere
are likely to stay his hand until' events
still to come dictate a different destiny
fo^M_acedQjiili?^^.. • rV4\->*: ; -.^<
Special Dispatch to The CalL
Diplomats Fear That the
Crisis Is at Hand for
the Suitan.
Surprising Progress
Made by the Revo
lutionists.
Europe's Attention
Is Now to Be
- Forced.
MACEDONIANS
WILL BATTLE
AT THE SEA
Continued on Page 4, column 2.
ROME. Aug. 25.— Cardinal Moran. Arch
bishop of Sydney, N. S. W., was received
to-day in nrivate audience by Pope Pius
and presented to the Pontiff the congrat
ulations Oi the Catholics of Australia.
The Pope was very much pleased and said
that the telesram which Cardinal Moran
had dispatcned to him from Ceylon had
given him the greatest pleasure. He
thanked the prelate heartily and imparted
to him the apostolic blessing, which he
also bestowed on the faithful of Austra
lia. The audience lasted half, an hour.
Pope Plus Is particularly pleased at the
presence of Cardinal Moran in Rome as
with his 'meeting with the latterhe 'has
now seen every foreign Cardinal.
POPE PIUS RECEIVES THE
ARCHBISHOP OF SYDNEY
" 'VON PLEHWE.
" 'St. Petersburg, July 30.' "
ject of Zionism 1« abandoned in order to
be replaced by a simple propaganda of
national concentration of the Jews in
Russia. It is natural that the Government
cannot in any case tolerate this new de
parture of Zionism. This Is why faith
could not be replaced In Zionism save on
the condition that it return to its old
programme of action. It could in that
case count upon moral and material sup
port for certain of its practical measures,
which would serve to diminish the Jewish
population In Russia. This support might
consist in protecting mandatories of Zion
ists to the Ottoman Government and in
facilitating the work of emigrant so
cieties and even assisting the societies,
evidently outside the resources of the
state, by means of contributions levied on
the Jews. Quite recently the Rus
sian Government has enlarged the right
of residence in confines or localities set
apart for the Jewish population and noth
ing prevents the hope that the develop
ment of the measures will serve to amel
iorate the conditions of the existence of
Russian Jews, especially If emigration
diminished their number.
of the American Federation of
Zionists, who is attending the Zionist
Congress now In session at Basel, Switzer
land: -
I "During a discussion regarding Dr.
sHerzTa statement that the Russian Gov
ernment would hereafter lighten the bur
den of the Jews and- favor Zionism and
would allow it to be propagated in Rus
sia. Professor Gotthell, president of the
American Federation of Zionists, ques
tioned Herzl In regard to his authority
for making that statement and asked for
come documentary proof. The inter
pellation of Professor Gotthell was sec
onded to-day by Cyrus Sulzberser. treas
urer of tha United Hebrew Charities of
New York City, who insisted on the im
portance of the Interview which Dr. Herzl
had recently at St. Petersburg with a
numBer of prominent Russian officials
and asked whether the assurances which
he had received were verbal or written.
"Herzl. in reply, presented the following
document received from the Russian Min
ister of the Interior, M. von Piehwe:
•"You have expressed a desire to re
tain some proof of your interview with me.
I agree to this willingly In order to avoid
arousing exaggerated hopes or doubts and
anxiety. I have had occasion to make
known to you the point of view from
which the Russian Government at the
present moment regards Zionism. This
point of view could very easily inspire it
with the necessity of exchanging: its policy
of tolerance for a measure directed by
its: safeguarding of national interests. So
long as • Zionism consisted In the desire
to create an independent state in Pales
tine and promised to organize emigration
n Russia of a certain number of its Jew
»h subjects the Russian Government
-ould very well be favoraole to It. But
rca t>»« nn* m f nT that this principal ob- '
_ » EW YORK. Aug. 25.— The Jew-
J^ I ish Dally News of this city has
/ %/ received the following dispatch
JL V from Jacob Dehaas, secretary'
SAN FRANCISCO, WEDNESDAY, AUGUST 26, 1903.PUBLIC MEN WHOSE HIGH
OFFICIAL POSITIONS WILL
SOON CHANGE.
. DENVER, Aug. 25.— Miss Mary Jenkins,
the 17-year-old daughter of William A.
Jenkins, an architect of this city, fell over
a steen cliff when climbing a mountain
at Decker" Springs and was killed."
Denver Girl Has Fata! Fall.
DUNCANS MILL, Aug. 25.— The tunnel
on , the N; orth I Shore Railroad between
Howards Station and Duncans Mill caught
fire I yesterday afternoon and the . entire
woodwork was burned out, ; leaving "only
"the heavy masonry in place. " Mail and
passengers will be transferred around the
tunnel and very, little delay will be caused.
Repairs ;will be completed in a , few days
bo that trains can go through the . tunnel
aeain. The origin of the flre is unknown.
Fire in '-. North Shore Tunnel.
BLOOMrNGTON.Mll.. Aug. 25.— Alice
Sample of this city killed herself this
morning by. firing two bullets Into her
breast. Despondency over a love affair
is responsible, » • -
Illinois Girl Kills Herself.
Royal Commission on South African
;¦*• War Issues Its Report in '
London.
LONDON, Aug. 25.— The report of the
royal commission on the South African
war was Issued to-day. It adds little
Information to that already published.
Lord Esher, a member, of the commission
In a supplementary report suggests that
every boy of 17 who Is physically fit
should be compelled to undergo a course
of training in national cadet schools which
shculd be created throughout the country.
WOULD HAVE EVEBY BOY
TRAINED FOB THE ABMY
MARSEILLES," Aug. ' 25.— The French
steamship Admiral Gueydon, which sailed
hence July 15 for Colombo, has been given
up for lost. .There were titty-seven per
sons on board. * -¦ -i . *::
French Steamship Lost.
JAMESTOWN. Aug. 25.-On the Tuo
lumne River above Jacksonville yesterday
about 5 o'clock Eddie Parr, aged 12 years,
was shot In the head with a 22-callber
rifle ball fired from a gun held by Arthur
Oliver, aged 13 years. With other lads
they were . out hunting, ' and game waa
scarce. Simultaneously both boys discov
ered a, dove on a distant tree and each
endeavored to get "in range first. Young
Parr ; was considerably In the : lead when
Oliver discharged his rifle at the bird. The
leaden missile hit: Parr in; the head.* The
wounded youth was conveyed to his home, 1
where he died this morning.
Aims Rifle at a Dove and Sends
Bullet Through Head of
Playmate.
BOY HUNTEB ACCIDENTALLY
KILLS YOUNG COMPANION
NEW YORK, Aug. 25.— Frank D. i ress
ler, until seven months ago captain in
the United States army7 stationed at Se
attle in the paymaster's department, to
day shot and killed himself in Carroll
Park, Brooklyn. He had . been reported
missing from his home near the park for
four weeks. Captain Pressler was about
50 years of age and had been in the army
as a non-commissioned officer. He had
been in financial straits and became de
spondent.
FOBMEB ABMY OFFICES
ENDS HIS OWN LIFE
Prank D. Pressler Pinds in Suicide
Belief From His Financial
Troubles.
The Dominion Is a first class battleship
of 16,650 tons displacement. She is 425 feet
long, has 19,000 indicated horsepower and
will have an estimated speed of over 18
knots. Her armament will consist of four
12-inch guns, four ».2-lnch guns, ten 6-lnch
guns, twenty-four smaller rapid fire guns
and two torpedo tubes.
LONDON, Aug. 25.— The Princess
Louise to-day launched the battleship Do
minion at Barrow. The Dominion is the
last of the three ships known as the King
Edward VII class. When completed the
Dominion will have cost JS.5O0.O0O.
Latest Addition to British Navy Will
Cost When Completed More
Than §0,OOO,OOO.
PRINCESS LAUNCHES THE
BATTLESHIP DOMINION
PORTLAND, Or.. Aug. 25.-AH the
union plumbers In this city struck to-day.
They demanded an Increase In wages
from 14 50 to $3 per day. but the Master
Plumbers' Association refused to grant
the increase.
Portland Plumbers Out on Strike.
COPENHAGEN,^; Aug. 23.— Professor
Matzen of the Copenhagen University,
who was recently appointed by the Czar
as ore of the arbitrators in the claims
of the allied powers for preferential treat
ment in the settlement with Venezuela,
has declined to accept the position for
the reason that Denmark is an interested
party.
Declines Czar's Appointment.
The United States steamer. Monocracy la
being offered for sale at Shanghai, her
appraised value being given In the adver
tisement as $5000 gold. ,.
Japan still is directing negotiations on
the Manchurian Question direct with Rua
sla. Baron Kemura, Minister of [Foreign
Affairs, who was given a free hand In the
negotiations, has been holding secret audi
ences with the Mikado, and Important de
velopmentB are expected. * ''.
N. ,W. Mclvor, former American Consul
General at Yokohama, has received the
decoration of the Double Dragon from the
Emperor of China— the highest decoration
that can be given to those not of Impe
rial birth. The presentation, made through
United States Minister Conger at Peking,
was a recognition of~Mdvor's services to
China at Yokohama during the Chlno-
Japanese war.
China' has ordered four gunboats for
service on the Yangtse River at Kobe.'
Fire on the French steamer Tonkin DI
rune on August 8 caused damage of $250,
000 to the liner and $300,000 to the cargo.
The steamer was sunk to avoid total loss
and afterward floated and towed to Kobe
for repairs.
Viceroy Chang Chung,- interviewed by
the Tsai correspondent, said there was
still the secret etage to the Manchurian
negotiations, and he regretted that China
had not sufficient power to compel Rus
sia to carry out the evacuation, though
China had frequently refused the Russian
demands. (He did not understand why
none of the three powers— Japan. Great
Britain or America— had begun direct ne
gotiations with Russia, nor did he know
whether America would render assistance
to Japan in a war against Russia.) The
Viceroy said further that even If the Rus
sian troops were dYiven out of Manchuria
the Russians would then start an en
croachment in the vicinity of 111, In which
district no third country takes Interest.
This contingency worried the Viceroy. He
expressed himself strongly in the inter
view/ favoring the Chinese effort to se
cure the opening of Manchuria and the
necessity of China completing her arma
ment.
TOKIO, Aug. 4, via Victoria, B. C, Aug.
25.— China in her embarrassment has
turned to President Roosevelt, says the
Peking correspondent of the Nishi Nishi.
The correspondent says the Chinese Em
peror was to personally telegraph to Pres
ident Roosevelt asking the United States
to request that China's former status be
revived by means of. arbitration.
Emperor % Is Anxious to
Enlist Services of
Roosevelt.
The action of the court was based upon
revelations In the Sumner case, wherein
it was discovered that an effort had been
made to rob John Sumner, a client. At
torney J. A. Magoon. one of the attor
neys in the litigation, was exonerated
from participation In improper practice.
Judge Henry E. Highton, ,whose reputa
tion the guilty ones had sought to be
smirch, had no part In the affair. Judge
De Bolt, in his decision rendered January
9. declared that Judge Highton was
blameless and the later Supreme Court
decision showed that he had nothing to
do with the scandal. As a matter of
record he had severed his connection with
the case' October 13, 1902, and subsequently
was merely a witness. >
HONOLULU. Aug. 25.— When the Su
preme Court of Hawaii recently disbarred
Judge A. S. Humphreys and George A.
Davis, and suspended Frank Thompson
from practice for a year, the better class
cf residents rejoiced that the high tribun
al had safeguarded the interests of the
Islands by efficiency in the administra
tion of justice. A death blow had been
struck at legal intrigue.
San Francisco Lawyer Merely a Wit
ness in the Honolulu Pro
ceedings.
JUDGE HIGHTON'S NAME
NOT IN THE SCANDAL
PEORLA, 111.. Aug. 25.— A severe rain
and electric storm passed over Mcssville,
this county, shortly after 7 o'clock this
raorrJng, doing considerable damage.
Quite a number of people congregated on
the porch of the hotel and a bolt of
lightning struck a tree directly in front
and Instantly killed George Pence and In
jured John Crawl, John Eppinger and a
third man whose name Is unknown. The
Injured will probably recover. Pence was
foreman of a telephone construction force.
Severe Electric Storm Carries Death
and Destruction Into an Il
linois Town.
LIGHTNING KILLS ONE
MAN AND INJURES THBEE
WASHINGTON, Aug. 23.— The "Weather
Bureau's weekly summary of crop con
ditions follows:
Portions of the South Atlantic States
experienced heavy rains, while the Ohio
Valley, the greater part of Texas and the
Rocky Mountain and- Pacific Coast dis
tricts are suffering from drought. There
was some damage in the northern por
tion of the Middle Atlantic States by lo
cal storms Augost 19. Considerable spring
wheat remains to be cut in North Dakota,
but harvesting is practically finished else
where in the spring wheat region. Har
vesting is nearly finished in Oregon and
advancing rapidly in Washington, the
grain being of superior quality.
The reports indicate a very general de
cline in the condition of apples, except in
the southern portion of the Middle At
lantic States, where the outlook continues
favorable.
Storms Damage Middle Atlantic
States and Considerable Wheat
" Is Still Unharvested.
WEATHER BXTLLETIN ISSUES
ITS WEEKLY CHOP BEPOBT
The marriage of "Joe" Boardman. as he
was familiarly known, to the buxom
young student was a one days' sensation
in Oakland. The groom had been sepa
rated by death from his first wife about
six months before he fell In love with the
attractive young schoolgirl. '.* .
The first public announcement of the
prospective union was made when the li
cense was Issued, attention being directed
to the disparity in the ages of the couple.
Boardman was registered as over 60 years.
Boardman is reputed to be worth. several
hundred thousand dollars. His bent fig
ure, with snowy-white beard and hair. Is
a very familiar one on Oakland's streets.
OAKLAND, AUg. 25,— Joseph Boardman,
the aged capitalist, who five years ago
wfrdded Blanche Walker, a pretty High
School girl of 17 years, has been blessed
by a visit from the stork. A bouncing,
dimpled baby girl Is the newcomer at the
Boardman home at 6S0 Tenth street, and
the young mother Is under the care of Dr.
Frank L. Adams and a trained nurse.
Girl Wife of Aged Oakland Capital
ist the Mother of Dimpled '¦'-
Child.
BOTJNCnxa BABY DATJGHTE3*
"BBIGHTEUS BOABDMAir HOME
CHINA IN FAVOR
OF ARBITRATION
Professor George H. Rowe, the newly
appointed associate professor of electri
cal I engineering of the college year of
1903-1904, arrived at the university yester
day. He comes directly from the Univer
sity of Colorado at Boulder, where he
holds the position of professor of electri
cal'engineering and dean of the school
of applied sciences.
• Professor Albert William Smith, head
of the mechanical engineering depart
ment, has arrived at the university from
New York. Professor Smith is connected
with the Westinghouse, Church, Kerr &
Company electrical works, and has spent
the summer superintending the engineer
ing work of' their large plant.
Professor Smith Is considered*one of the
foremost men In his line of work in the
country and he gives" up a position with
the Westinghouse Company at a very
large salary In order to continue his work
at the university. » .. .>"?;-.-.-./.
The university Inn opened its doors to
day under the new system of manage
ment and" fieventy-flve student appeared
for the first meal, which was served at
noon. The inn will be run under the man-'
agement of the bondsmen of the defunct
inn club, for the benefit of the creo.tors
of the latter organization and for the stu
dents.- The bondsmen are Registrar O.
L. Elliott, Dr. J. C. Branner, vice pres
ident of the university; Professor J. O.
Griffin, Professor R. L. Green and Pro
fessor R. E. Allardice.
It is the intention of the bondsmen to
control the inn until'' the students meet
tHelr obligations Incurred last year and
then to turn It over to the management
of the students. In the latter event the
students In charge will be required to
make a monthly financial report in order
to prevent a recurrence of last year's
failure.
Instruction in the university will begin
on Thursday next and already the stu
dents are busy filling out their study
cards, which this year . will be required
to be filed Friday, a date two weeks
earlier than usual. This innovation has
been thought wise in order to prevent
unnecessary delay on the part of the
students in deciding on the course of
study they will pursue during the sem
ester.
j The freshmen will be allowed to regis
ter to-morrow, and those matriculated
students. who did not. register to-day will
al^o be placed' on the roll. After to-mor
row '¦ students ,who wish to register \ will
be obliged to pay two dollars as a pun
ishment for their delinquency in not-ap
pearing on the regular registration days.
Registrar^. Elliott expects thau a much
larger class of entrants will matriculate
this year than last. Undoubtedly the num
ber of young ladies applying for admis
sion .will, swell the number , of women
students In the university to more than
five hundred, hence It is probable that
some will have to be turned away, as the
limit of women students to be registered
at Stanford has been placed at five hun
dred.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY. Aug. 25.—
The university Opened officially at 8:30
.o'clock , this morning', when the rolls of
Elliott were thrown open, for
the registration' of students for the- en
suing year. From early morning until
night a. steady stream of matriculated
students poured into the new offices of.
the registrar, which are located in the
building formerly occupied 1 by the geo
logy and mining department, and to-night
approximately seven hundred of the old
students had s!smlfi«d their Intention of
continuing their studies at/Stanford.
Special Dispatch to The Call
OYSTER BAY, L. I.. Aug. 24.— Hon. Ellhu
Root, Secretary of War-My Dear Mr. Root:
It is hard for me, indeed, to accept your res
ignation and I do so not only with keen per
sonal regret, but with a lively understanding
of the gap your withdrawal tvlll create In pub
lic life. My sense of personal loss is very
great; and yet my sense of the loss to the
nation as a whole it even greater. You have
been over four years Secretary of JWar. I won
der it you yourself realize how much you have
accomplished during that period.- If you will
turn to your first reports and will read therein
the recommendations you made in order that
the army might be put on an effective basis.
you cannot but be pleased at the way In which
there recommendations have now been adopted
by Congress, as well as by the administration,
and have become enacted into law or crystal
lized into custom. We never have had a pub
lic servant of the Government who has worked
harder than you have worked during these four
years and a half and this not merely in point
of time, bat. above all in polrft of intensity,
and your success has been equal to your tabor.
The only reward you have had, or can have, is
the knowledge of successful achievement, of
the performance in fullest fashion of a great
public duty, the doing of which was. of vital
Importance to the nation's welfare. . •
Your duties have included more than merely
the administration of the department and the
reorganization of the army on an effective
basis.' You have also been the head of a de
partment which dealt with the vast and deli
cate problems involved 'in our possession of the
Philippine Islands and your success in dealing
with your p*rt of the work has been as signal
as your success In dealing with the purely
military problems. To very few statesmen in
deed, In any country, is It' given at on« and
the same time to achieve signal and striking
triumphs in the administration ond
reform of the military branch of the Govern
ment and in the administration of which was
of what was in effect a department of insular
dependencies, where the problem* were new ¦ to
our peopfe. and were In themselves of: great
difficulty. Moreover, aside from >cur work in
these two divisions of the Government sen-ice,
I appreciate most keenly the Invaluable advice
and assistance you have rendered me in innu
merable matters of weight not coming directly
In your departmental province, but in which t
sought your aid with th»... certainty of not
being disappointed. Your position on the
Alaskan Boundary Commission at the present
moment is an illustration of these services.
May all pood fortune ' attend you wherever
you. «re: the. American people wish you well
and appreciate to the fullest --the debt 'due
you for all that you have done In their be
half. Faithfully yours,- - . .
THEODORE ROOSEVELT
PRESIDENT TO ROOT.
The President also authorizes the pub
lication of the correspondence between
him and Secretary Root concerning, the
latter's resignation. In full," the corre
spondence follows:
Dear Mr. President: You have be«n good to
assent to the xuinciency of the reason* for
which I have wished to retire to private life
as boon as practicable after the establishment
of the general staff of the army and the com
pletion of my full four years of service as
Secretary of War. While it is understood that
you will probably not arrange to nil the Office
as you wish before.. the: end-of the year and
that 1 am to remain in office in the meantime,
it is probable that you will be ready to send
a name to the Senate in November or Decem
ber, and before rou do so my resignation
rhould oe in your hands, I find mys- If on the
eve of tailing for Kngl&nd to .attend the ses
sions of the Alaska boundary tribunal quite
unable to Judge how many months I shall be
kept away from this country, and I therefore
now tender my resignation of the office of
Secretary of War to take effect upen the ap
pointment and qualification of my successor.
I shall carry with me unabated loyalty to your
adminittratlon, confidence In the sound con
servatism and patrictic unselfishness of your
policy and enduring gratitude for the kindness
and consideration with which your friendship
has honored me. I shall not cease to appreci
ate the sympathy and loyalty U> President Mc-
Klr.ley with which you tock and carried on his
work, and I shall always be happy It have
been a. part, of the administration directed nv
your sincere and rugged adherence to right and
devotion to the true inteersts of the country.
I am, with great respect and esteem. Always
faithfully ycurs, ELIHU ROOT.
The P-resident some .months ago tendered the
Secretaryship of War to Judge Taft and at
that time It was arranged that ! he would suc
ceed Secj-etary Root. ' Secretary Root will get
out Of o! flee some time in January and Judge
Taft will assume the duties of the office
shortly afterward. , «•¦.-•
LETTEB OF BESIGNATION.
The President to-day authorized the
following statement: .-
Secretary Root, under date of August
19, presented his resignation formally to
the President. The resignation was ac
cepted by -the President with the under
standing that Mr. Root continue as'Sec
retary of War at least until January L .
OYSTER BAY. N. Y., Aug 25.—
V President Roosevelt to-day auth
f orized the announcement of the
fact that he had accepted the . ft
slgnation of EUhu Root as Secre
tary of War'and that Governor General
William H. Taft of the Philippines would
be Root's successor. Root will retain the
war portfolio until thT latter part of the
year. Luke E. ""Wright, how Vice Gov
ernor "General of the . Philippines will
succeed Taft as Governor General.
Seven Hundred Sigh the
Roll at Stanford
University.
Recently the prospector's story came to
the cars of the Roberts family in Salt
].:-.k» and now the California paptrs will
be advertised- in and every effort made to
locate the woman they believe to be
their relative. »
SALT LAKE. Utah. Aug. 3.— Sergeant
John J. Roberts of the Salt Lake police
department is searching for a long-lcst
Fister whom, he believes, was sto!en from
gprtngville. T_"tah. when ehe was three
years cf age and taken to California,
where she was raised and educated. At
the time of her disappearance, it was
thought she had been drowned in Hob
ble Creek, but later developments caused
her relatives to believe she had been ab
ducted. They still hold to the latter
theory. At the time she disappeared she
was but three years cf age and was play
ing with another little girl on a bridge
that spanned Hobble Creek. A thorough
search was instituted for her, but with
out avail.
About twenty years after an old pros
pector, whose name could not be learned,
died in California. He had one child, a
irirl, and on his death bed "he confessed
to her tKat ehe was not his daughter, but
that he had stolen her from the southern
part of Utah and had taken her to Cali
fornia. At the time of his death the old
maa was well to <Jo and left all his prop
erty to the girl, who then began to make
Inquiries in Utah in the hope of locating
her parents, but the Roberts family had
moved away in the meantime.
Salt Lake, Officer Seeks
Long-Lost Sister in
California.
STOLEN A SCORE
OF YEARS AGO
TOPEKA, Kans.. Aug. 25.— The Kansas
River is slowly rising as a result of high
water up the stream. The river ha3 been
high for several days. Rain Is reported
to-night throughout -the central portion
of the State and more high water is ex
pected.
KANSAS BIVEB BISES.
Topeka Expects High Water Because
of the Downpour.
A wall of water struck Vleits, a town
of 1000 inhabitants on the Vermiilion Riv
er, east cf here, in the same county, driv
ing the residents of the lowlands from
their homes. All the stores and perhapa
twenty-five residences are inundated and
the damage at that place is estimated at
$50,000. The river is three miles wide.
Slight damage also was done at Mari
etta, north of MarysYille. close to the
Nebraska line. The same storm struck
Seneca, in the next county eaet. where
four/and three-tjuarter inches of water
fell. It was the heaviest downpour since
1W3. and it left the Nehameha River the
highest for years. Many fields of corn
were Inunfioted, the Grand Island Rail
way bridge at Beattie went out and sev
eral miles of track and a half dozen cul
verts on that road were wrecked.
To-night the rivtr is falling, although
farms for miles around will be under
water fcr several days. South of here,
at the town of Blue Rapids, the Blue
River rose to within a few inches of the
highest point In the June rise, causing
much damage to farm property.
The storm washed out the tracks on
the Blue Valley branch of the Union Pa
cific for several miles and wiped out the
telegraph and telephone wires, cutting
the town off from outside communication
¦until late to-day.
As far as known but one death has
been reported. Frederick Ivers of Bailey
vUle was drowned near that town, going
down with a bridge over a swollen stream.
Marysvilie was deluged and the bottoms
were filled with water from three to fif
teen feet dee». Fifty houses were al
most entirely submerged, their inmates
taking, refuge . in trees, and on housetops.
Nearly a hundred persons were rescued
in boats. ' • • /
MARYS VILLE, Kans., Aug. 2S.-A
cloudburst struck in jihis vicinity early
to-day, causing the B!g- Blue River to
rise sixteen feet within a few hours and
sending a great flood of water south down
the bottoms along that stream. Many
inhabitants in the lowlands were driven
from their homes and heavy damage to
property was done.
Wall of Water Strikes a Town, Inun
dates the Residences and Drives
People From the Danger
ous Lowlands.
Farms Suffer Great Damage
During the Furious
Storm.
STUDENTS KEEP
REGISTRAR BUSY
To a number of his relatives in this city
he has distributed about $1,000,000. which
is half of his fortune. Just to see what
they would dp with the money. He has
given it unconditionally, and proposes
pleasurably to await the results -that may
come of their unexpected opulence.
Those. who are to benefit by the distri
bution are Mrs. Elizabeth Randall, a wid
owed sister of. Mr. Roath. 1250.000; Mrs. M.
K. Jenson. Mrs. Henry B. Norton". Henry
F. Parker, all of this city; Mrs. Harvey
Walker, Brooklyn, N. Y., and Gerald L.
Parker of Cincinnati, children of' Mrs.
Henry L. Parker, another sister, each to
receive 150.000; Edward Roath, a nephew,
$250,000, and Frank Roath. brother, $250,000.
Roath half a century ago waa employed
by the Norwich and Worcester Railroad
Company In this city, but was attracted
to the West, and he finaly settled in Chi
cago. * He became very wealthy, but con
tinued to spend his summers here.
NORWICH, Conn., Aug. 25.— Millionaire
Stephen, D. Roath of Chicago,. who Is 75
years "of age ana a sufferer from locomo- 1
tor ataxia, has selected for himself a
novel form- of recreation In the decline ol
life. : "N.\--o/-'^
Special Dispatch to The Call
Oh icagoan Wants to See
What Others Can Do F .
With Money.
Kansans Take to the
Trees When River3
Are Rising.
Millionaire Distributes
jThousar ds for Test "
CLOUDBURST
SENDS FLOOD
INTO HOMES
GIVES RELATIVES
MONEY TO SPEND
Cabinet Officer Will Not Retire .Until End of Year
When Taft Will Take the War Portfolio and
Be Succeeded in Philippines by Luke E. Wright
PRESIDENT OFFICIALLY ACCEPTS
SECRETARY ROOT'S RESIGNATION
THE SAN FBANCISCO CAIiL, WEDNESDAY; AUGUST 26, 1903.
2
THE CALL'S
GREAT ATLAS OFFER
Will close -.on* September 24,
1003, and all holders of Atlas
Coupons are requested to pre-
sent them immediately, as this
gTeat opportunity to secure -one
of these splendid Atlases at The
Call's premium rates will , be
brought to a close on S ep tem-
ber 24. .> '
DE. KILMEE'S SWAMP-EOOT.
KIDNEY AND BLADDER
TROUBLES PROMPTLY CURED
A Sample Bottle Sent FREE by Mail.
Dr. Kilmer's Swamp-Root, the gre&i
kidney remedy, fulfills every wish In
promptly curing kidney, bladder and uric
field troubles, rheumatism and pain In the
tack. It corrects inability to hold water
end scalding patn \n passing It. or bad
effects following use of liquor, wine or
beer, end overcomes that unpleasant ne-
cessity of being compelled to go often
luring the day and' to get up many times
during the night. The mild and the ex-
traordinary effect of Swamp-Root is soon
realized. It stands the highest for Its
wonderful cures of the most distressing
cases.
Swamp-Boot Is not recommended for
everything. Lut if you have kidney, liver,
bladder or uric acid trouble you will find
it just the remedy you need. •
If ycu need a medicine you should have
the best. Sold by druggists In fifty-cent
and one-dollar sizes. Ycu may have a
ccmp'.a, bottle of this great kidney rem-
edy, Swamp-Root, and a bock that tells
all about it and its great cures, both sent
absolutely free by mail. Address Dr. Kil-
mer & Co.. Blnghamtcn. N. Y. When
writing, be sure to mention that you read
this generous offer in The San Francisco
DalJy Call. Don't make any mistake, but
remember the name. Swamp-Root. Dr.
Kilmer's Swamp-Root, and the address.
Binghamton, N. T.. on every bottle.
ADVERTISEMEHTS.
||r Our selling problem is possibly dif- fg, ; | ||
I |h ferent from what you may think it is. O! j j ji b
H We have to look to a whole lot more p || |
I I |i than merely making good appearing ra || )\
pa clothes at a low price. gj ilj |
Hj We must put in the right kind of gj| j |
! Si linings, trimmings and workmanship M 1 'Eg
Bj ' so that the garments will hold their FJ || [8
! jffj * shape and wear you well. mvl II 8
| jE§ There is but little profit for us in H Jj /SB
|| merely selling one suit to a man. We j|| jjl ! 1
! [H want him to come and come again. §|! jj uu|jj
i ' » HI Whenever he wants a suit we want ta 1 jjjjj
I lijj II him to think of S. N. WOOD & CO. g( j ||
I foi ra \\ r e can onlv do this by making the jH i
hiks right kind of clothes at economical Eg { i|j|
J !j|J || That's the kind of clothes you get I! |
i it; H here and further than that you get ||y j j |
I |S We guarantee our suits and "money gpj; . Q
! HJ back" backs up the guarantee. Oj \ \ a
> 1 B The tailoring department is filled £' jj
! I |H with bright new fall patterns. We are E 'j Ej
jj !| fvJ sure to have what you want. See the P h 1
¦ I j£| line we carry from $13.50 up to $35* K M
j " Suits satisfactorily made for out-of- || jj |||
M town customers by our self-measur- gj | I 11
' i ll i* l & system — zvrite for blank end |3 1 j j i 1
I P 740 Market Street anck » I 1
I M\ Corner Powell and Eddy Streets Jjs | |
WHAT YOU DON'T WANT
IS DEAR AT ANY PRICE
Special Price, $9.50
The regular price of this 8-foot Extension Dining Table, in
golden, polished finish, is $15.00.
Drapery Specials
tMCE BED SETS in ecru and white— the assortment: reg-
ular price ;2.75, special $1.50; regular price $2.50, special $1.20;
regular ; price » 3.00, special «1 50.
"THE CREDIT HOUSE," *
; 233, 235, 237 POST STREET.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
BREWSTEffS
MILLIONS
FOR SALE
In Book Form
ALL BOOK STORES
I BUY IT TO-DAY
SOffffllAN
* * SOLD EVERYWHERE.
lilLBERT MKKCANTILE CO..
Pacific O«et A recta.
.CUTLERtf*
EVEOTBLMEmRRANIE)
/^S"f TLE CURES
}% fffl McBURNEY'S
P-*T KIDNEY^ !fc$E DDEir
**^ m^P* Tor Eright'B disease, brick dnt*-
deposit, bed-wetrlngr, jrrarel, dropsy, diabcte
and rheumatism. Send 25 cents In 2c Etaiaps u
W. F. McBurney, 418 8. Spring rt., Los Anpeles
Ci-l|icr5<ltystrettni't. Prepaid fLSO. Drugfistt.U\/OU have all seen the
J race," and the only
thing I can say is that
we did better to-day than in;
• the last race, which js hope
ful. I figure my defeat at
a little more than one min
ute. - If- 1 make such prog
ress in. the next race as I did
over- the last I will be in line
to win. the third. f I was more
than pleased at the way my
boat was handled to-day.
It is hard to admit, but the
best boat "won. Perhaps
with more wind at the fin
ish the result might have
been different. But I do not
want to throw any water on
the victor. It is hard to
win every race in such a
series, and I hope our turn
will ¦', come next." — Sir
Thomas Upton.
UPTON HOPES
FOR VICTORY
IN THE THIRD
As the clean-limbed racers got farther
out the weight of the wind steadily in
creased and- the waves began to spill froth
from their green crests. Both boats, with
every stitch of canvas set, smashed Into
the seas, heeling down in the puffs under
the press of thousands of yards of light
canvas until their lee rails were awash
in the foaming brine. Their crews, piled
up weather, were repeatedly deluged with
the showers of epray Eent aloft by their
shark-like bows.
Slowly but surely the thousands aboard
the observation fleet saw that the Reli
ance was gaining, opening a wider stretch
of water between her and the challenger.
The excursion fleet does not go^to this
mark in obedience to the regulations laid
down to govern its movements. As soon
as the Reliance rounded, the patrol flotilla
blew their whistles, and clanging bells In
the engine-rooms sent the whole fleet at
full speed to leeward of the last leg of the
course. There the vast concourse of steam
craft lay wallowing in the trough of the
sea. until the yachts, bowling along at a
FOAM OVER YACHTS.
The spectators watched the jockeying
from the start aith eager interest. It wag
hair-raising to see what close company
the giant single-stickers kept. It seemed
momentarily as if the spars and hulls
would clash, but they wheeled and circled
like gulls, tacking, gybing and putting
about across the line, close-hauled for the
thresh to windward. It was seen that the
.imerican eklpper by his extremely Clever
work had again outgeneraled his rival and
secured the weather gauge. Not only was
the challenger's captain defeated in his
effort to secure the windward berth, but
he actually failed to cross in time to save
a handicap— an almost unpardonable of
fer.se in a cup contest. Barr never relin
quished his advantage after the srart.
holding the challenger under his lee all
the way to the first mark.
The excursion fleet, like a floating city
built on the floor of th# ocean, lined up
rail to rail In a great semicircle to wit
ness the start. The course, a beat due
south into the wind for ten miles, then a
broad reach or run, as the case might be.
off toward the Cholera banks, thence
hose again to the old red-hulled light
ship, had been set.
An assemblage of excursion vessels al
most as large as that of last Saturday
poured down through the Narrows and
out Into the broad Atlantic to-day to wit
ness the vanishing glory of the challen
ger. The early morning _ had held out
little hope of a race. A smoky haze hung
over the sea, and the wind was very
light from the south. But as the day
wore on the curtain lifted slightly, the
wind blew Etrcng. and clean out of the
south and the dancing swell *parkled un
der the radiance of an August sun. Off
to the west and north the low ramparts
of the Jersey and Long Island shores
could just be discerned through the thin
ning curtain.
BREEZE FOB THE RACE.
The Reliance's victory, narrow as it
was, would have been even smaller had
not Captain Wringe, the skipper of the
British snrp. bungled at the start, send
ing his srraft over the line nineteen sec
onds after the last gun and handicapping
her to that extent. At every point of
sailing the defender's Fuperiorlty was
demonstrated. She gained one minute,
fifty-five seconds In windward work, forty
seconds on the run- to the second mark
and forty-five seconds on the close reach
for home. Based on the magnificent
showing she has made in the two races
already sailed, it is the considerable be
lief of many experts that the cup is safe,
and that it will take son-.ething better
than Fife's latest creation even to
budge it.
NEW YORK, Aug. 25.— In a glorious
wholesale breeze over a triangular
course, ten miles to a leg. the
fieet-footed cup .defender Reliance
again to-day showed her heels to
Elr Thomas Llpton's challenger,
taking the second race of the cup series
of 1903 by the narrow margin of one min
ute and nineteen seconds. It was as pretty
and hard-foupbt contest as has ever been
called off Sandy Hook and had the wind
not fallen during the last ten • minutes,
the record fcr the course, three hours,
twehe rr.ir.utes ar.d fifteen eeconds, made
by the Celurr.bia two years ago, in her
memorable race against the Shamrock II
would have been broken. As it was the
Reliance sailed the thirty miles within
two minutes and thirty-nine seconds of
ths record, which speaks wonderfully of
her speed in the wind that was blowing.
Britisher Makes a
Gallant Battle
in Vain.
Yankee Boat Leads
by Minute and
Seconds.
SWIFT DEFENDER RELIANCE SCORES HER SECOND BRILLIANT VICTORY OVER THE CUP CHALLENGER
SHAMROCK III IN A SPLENDID AND THRILLING RACE UNDER SUPERB WEATHER CONDITIONS
Sir Thomas Proves
Himself Much
of a Hero.
Rescues the Women
From Peril in
a Storm.
Ssectal Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK. Aug. 25.— Black skies
streaked with flashes of lightning, a
seething squall tearing boats from
their moorings and sending the fleet
of yachts, both steam and sail, drlv-
ing to leeward, until there was
crashing and splintering of spars and
bulwarks, and in all this Sir Thomas Up
ton in a half swamped launch hastening
to the rescue of imperiled women, was
seen off Sandy Hook late to-day.
In the terrific squall from the northwest
that broke over Sandy Hook at the an
chorage at 5 o'clock the brigantlne rigged
steam yacht Allita. belonging to John H.
Flagler. vice commodore of the Atlantic
Yacht Club, with Mrs. Mandelick, mother
of Mrs. Flagler. and Miss McClenahan
and two maids on board, were driven on
to the big steam yacht Glralda, flagship
of the Philadelphia Yacht Club.
Commodore Abram L. English, Robert
F. Thompson and two others were on the
Glralda. and the Allita. unmanageable, and
with captain and crew In panic, came
broadside on. Bearing true to the whip
ping hurricane, the bowsprit of the Phil
adelphia yacht impaled the Allita at the
bulwarks just aft of the seaboard gang
way. There was a terrific crash as a
huge> hole was torn in the bulwarks and
the bowsprit of the Glralda was broken
short off at the stem. •
Then, as the yachts ground against
each other like upper and lower mill
stones, the rigging was torn from Its
fastenings until the Giralda was decapi
tated and the starboard main rigging of
the Allita threatened to go at any mo
ment. There was no opportunity to get
between the yachts and several minutes
before the starboard conjpanionway of
Allita had gone overboard.
"Come here, ladies," shouted the irol-
Iant knight, and Mrs. Mandelick and Miss
McClenahan hastened to the footrall,
where the willing hands of Sir Thomas
and his friends rescued them from the
vicious sea.
Again Sir Thomas' practiced eye noticed
more work to do. Signaling ' his tug
Cruiser to up anchors and steam along
side, another launch, the Smoker, was
quickly filled with a dozen picked sailors,
and with Upton, again went to the en
tangled yachts. Sir Thomas, seeing the
panic of those on board, assumed com
mand of the Allita. After i the Erin's
crew had weighed the Alllta's anchor.
she was towed stern first to a safe an
chorage.
» 1 I'M I r.M..M..t.*.M..i"M-!»M"M"I-e
The Reliance whirled about the mark,
gybed over, trimmed tn her sheets and
romped "away on a close reach toward
Sandy Hook lightship and the finish line.
She was three-quarters of a mile away
before the Shamrock III rounded the
mark.
* Both yachts were heeling about the
twelve-knot wind from south by west and
were sailing at least one mile an hour
faster than the wind was blowing. Their
sheets were eased just enough to put
them on almost their best point of sailing
and one upon which the Reliance has of
ten demonstrated that she is faster than
any racing craft ever built. She was
heeled just enough to bring her
long overhangs to bear and give her the
benefit* of her great sailing length. The
guide vessel, coastwise, was scurrying
along ahead of her at full speed, but the
Reliance was overhauling her Inch by
inch, and when the lightship hove fair
in sight about two miles away, was not
more than a quarter of a mile astern of
the guide vessel. A mile further on the
coastwise sheered off and gave the Re
liance a clear course to the finish.
As the wind softened the Reliance first
set a baby jib topsail which the Sham
rock had been carrying since turning the
second mark and then exchangd it for a
big reaching jib topsail in which the
Shamrock promptly followed suit.
When the Reliance was a quarter of a
mile from the finish line, the wind died
away considerably, but the Shamrock III
came booming along, carrying a splendid
breeze and fast overhauling the leader.
It looked as though the British boat was
going to get within her time limit, but
the finish line was too close, and the Re
liance slipped across It with one minute
and nineteen seconds to spare. The
Shamrock III finished in a softening wind
and both boats were taken in tow to
Sandy Hook. The official time:
Elapsed. CVct'd:
Start. Finish. Time. Time.
Reliance 11:00:33 2:13:30 3:14:54 3:14:54
Shamrock III. .11:02:00 2:20:10 3:18:10 3:16:1.1
The next race will be sailed on Thurs
day.
CORSAIR IN COLLISION.
J. P. Morgan's Yacht Collides With
Club's Chartered Steamship.
NEW YORK. Auk. 25.— The first serious
accident which has marked the nightly
race home of the steamship fleet from the
racing course took place to-night in the
collision of J. P. Morgan's yacht Corsair
with the fast Sandy Hook steamer Mon
mouth, under charter by the New York
Yacht Club, and filled with members and
their friends. The Corsair struck the
Monmouth a . glancing blow on the star
board side nearly amidships, her bowsprit
raking the Monmouth's side," "' breaking
stanchions and awning supports- and
smashing woodwork and glass. The Cor
sair fell astern, carrying .a part of a
twisted Iron support on her bowsprit, but
not appearing to be disabled.
On the Monmouth there was a brief
panic. The many passengers on that side
of the boat. rushed away to safety. Sev
eral womfn fainted, it is said, but no one
was hurt
ROME. Aug. 25. — Through an error the As
sociated Presa reported yesterday that ! the-
Pope had sent his white cap to General B. F.
Tracy of New York It should b« General
Charles Tracey of Albany, a former United
States Congressman, who served two terms la
the Papal Zouaves during the Garibaldlan
campaign. ,
The preparatory signal was flred at
10:45, the warning gun at 10:55 and the
starting gun at . 11 o'clock. The | naviga
tor signalled that the race would be over'
a triangular course ten miles " to " a leg,
the .first leg south, the second northeast
by east, half east, the third northwest by
NEW YORK, Aug. 25.— When : the
yachts reached the starting line shortly
after 10 a. m., the wind was south-south
east and blowing about four ' knots, , not
enough , to send them over the ; course
within the time limit, but there were in
dications there 1 would be enough wind
later. < ,,- :
Rare Seamanship Displayed by Crews
of Both Yachts.
STORY OF THE RACE.
The wind was so far aft that they
quickly decided that instead of being a
broad reach,- as intended, the course to
the turn -.was a run. Spinnaker booms
were guyed out and the great sails added
to the tall reaches of canvas. Staysails
were taken in and with' spinnaker- booms
guyed well forward the yachts ran away
for turn. ' Both were heading off their
course abit; in order to make their spin
nakers draw well, and they ran that way
for half .an hour, when the Reliance
smothered . her- spinnaker . and began tq
set her staysail. ¦ During that time she
did not appear to have gained an inch,
but immediately, on laying her true
course she began to draw away.
Ten, minutes . after the Reliance the
Shamrock- III also took in her spinnaker,
set her staysail and headed for the mark.
With the wind : over their quarter both
yachts made. fast. time of it, but it was
apparent that the ¦ Reliance was gaining.
They, made "the second turn as follows:
Reliance", 1:17:50; Shamrock, 1:21:43.
The " Reliance . was leading by three
minutes fifty-five seconds, -having gained
forty seconds • in', the run across from the
first to the second mark. She had over
come the time, allowance, made good the
difference -at. the start and established a
margin - to , her." credit of thirty-four sec
onds. With" a close reach still. to be made
there was 'faint hope. for the ' challenger.
seconds. Both captains broke out balloon
Jib topsails when they squared f»r the
second turn."
There followed the usual riot of whistles,
mingled with the wail of sirens, the cVang
of. bells and the exultant shouts of pa
triots and the booming- of cannon. The
Shamrock was about a mile astern and
crossed four inutes and forty seconds
later, to a repetition of the not which had
welcomed the Reliance's victory.
Then the great observation fleet headed
bade to New York at top speed,
and it was well that it was so.
Before half . the' fleet had reached
the upoer bay a green gray squall
out of the northwest, raising a curtain of
spray as it came, struck the fleet, bring
ing grief to many excursionists and carry
ing away yacht and steamer awnings and
top hampers generally.
It was a hard day for the overworked
newspaper reporters.' The experience of
two years ago demonstrated the uncer
tainty of«all wireless telegraphy, but no
one was prepared for the utter collapse of
the system which occurred to-day. - There
¦were four competing systems, three of
which were most active. The atmosphere
above the triangular course was beateu
into a hapeless confusion, so that the Mar-
BIOT OF WHISTLES.
The Reliance sailed this leg of ten miles
in fifty-six minutes and twenty seconds.
Then the fleet started for the finish line,
steaming a course parallel with that of
the flying yachts. The last leg was also
covered at roaring speed, the Reliance
still Increasing her lead, with her wake
streaming a-lee, a path of dancing white
on the deep, blue bosom of. the sea. Just
before the finish the wind died down, but
the Reliance went across in ample time to
win. having covered the ten miles in flfty
seven minutes forty seconds.
rrific pace, turned the second mark
The Reliance sought to make her gain
by outpointing the British beat, while the
latter endeavored to make up for what
she lost In pointing by footing faster with
a rap full. At noon the wind had in
creased to ten knots and hauled about a
point ¦ to^ westward, so _ that both yachts
could lay a straight course to the turn
ing mark not more than two miles > dis
tant. They were heeling hard and drag
ging their lee rails through a lather of
froth and sending it spurting from under
their bows in a fashion that: Indicated
that they ' were I making at least / twelve
knots and that, there, was little danger
that the race would not be finished within
the time limit.' Without making another
tack both- boats made the turn of the
first mark as follows: Reliance, 12:21:30;
Shamrock, 12:24:45. .
' Though the Reliance had a lead of three
minutes and fifteen seconds, she still
lacked six seconds of making, up the time
allowance and the difference of one min
ute and twenty-four seconds at the start.
Officially, the Shamrock III was still six
seconds: ahead of the /¦ slippery - Yankee
craft, .but it .was evident that the latter
had won the race, barring accidents. In
a 'breeze varying, from four to ten knots
an - hour : she ' had made good the time al
lowance In a ten-mile thresh to windward
and | there was every reason to .believe
that In reaching and . running, which are
her two* strongest points ', of sailing, she
would quickly overcome that official six
yachts were filled away it was clear that
the Reliance was gaining. Shamrock was
far astern and very little to windward of
the Reliance's course. Meantime the wind
had been Increasing and was now blowing
at the. rate of seven knots. Carrying a
hard full, the Shamrock III was heeling
prettily, mowing through at a fast clip
and making much more fuss under her
bows than the American boat. Captain
Barr was pinching, the Reliance into the
wind until her little baby jib topsail flut
tered.. The race was being fought out on
the same lines as the previous race.
Both went across the line on the star
board tack, ; but held that tack, for not
more than a minute and then headed
for the Jersey coast.' -.Once ; fairly away
Captain Wringe of the Shamrock resumed
,hls tactics of the previous race, gave his
boat a< good rapfull "anu sailed through
the Reliance's lee -and got under her lee
bow, .while Captain. Barr pinched the Re
liance' close into the wind and began to
cover. the distance to the windward mark.
; Captain Wringe's maneuver gave him a
wind clear of interference, and when once
satisfied . that the Reliance could not
blanket his boat, he. flattened in his
sheets and began to point closer to the
wind. Captain Barr,. however, was nurs
ing the Reliance up to windward in mas
terly fashion. . . . ...
Half an hour after the start the Cis
tance between. the. two boats had, widened
materially, the. ;ReIlance, pointing I higher
and the Shamrock ¦ footing faster. They
.were half a mile apart when they tacked
off Highland Beach at 11:42.. The Reliance
was the first to go about. When ' both
west, half west. The frlnd at that time
was due south and had begun to freshen.
In the preliminary Jockeying Captain
Barr of the Reliance, got the windward
position, blanketing the Shamrock III and
clung to it through various maneuvers
until the 'warning gun had been fired,
when Captain Wringe had got clear of the
Reliance.
At the sound of the gun the Shamrock
III bore off to -leeward and -away from
the Reliance, while Captain Barr tacked
under the stern of the navigator as the
starting gun was fired, and crossed the
line only thirty-six seconds behind the
gun. The Shamrock kept away from tne
lino almost until. the handicap gun fired,
then tacked and crossed It handicapped by
nineteen seconds, for .. which allowance
was, made to her. The nineteen seconds
were dead loss.. The official starting time
was: Reliance 11:00:36; Shamrock 11:02:00.
The actual starting time of the Shamrock
was 11:02:19. ' -/'; « •
coni system, with all Its careful prepara
tion, wan available for but a single mes
sage throughout the entire day.
It would not have been so exasperating
if the rival companies had been honestly
striving to send their own bulletins, but
much of the interference was obviously
malicious. The wireless telegraph' system,
the fleet of small boats carrying the news
from the course to the shore and a line
of shore observers along the Jersey and
Long Island coast were used to carry
news- of the race, but all three systems
proved a failure.
Before the yachts had reached the first
turn a thick haze overspread the course
and shut them entirely from the view of
the shore observers. Then some indulged
in a guessing match and one of Marconi's
opponent companies professed to have re
ceived a- message giving the hour, minute
and second at which each boat turned the
first mark. .This was well enough until
the official time wat obtained from the
committee boat, and then It was disclosed
that this so-called wireless company was
publishing bulletins from shore observa
tions and wild guesses that had not been
transmitted by wireless telegraphy at all.
OFFICIAL TIME OF THE YACHTS IN THE SECOND RACE.
• • Elapsed Corrected
Start. Finish. .Time. Time.
Reliance...." £ 11:00:36 2:15:30 3:14:54 3^4 : 54
Shamrock III .11:02:00 2:20:10 3:18:10 3:16:13
. • i
CUP DEFENDER RELIANCE AND SIR THOMAS LIPTON'S CHALLENGER SHAMROCK III AS THEY AP
PEARED WHEN IN THE WATERS OFF THE JERSEY COAST, .WHERE THE GREAT SERIES OF
RACES FOR THE COVETED AMERICA'S PRIZE ARE NOW TAKING PLACE.
I DON'T suppose anybody
ever saw two boats better
handled than those to
day. It would seem, how
ever, that the Reliance has
proved her superiority in
all kinds of weather and un
der all conditions.-— C.
Oliver Iselin, managing
owner of the yacht Re
liance.
Captain Barr said when
the contest was over :
"That's number two.
Now we will get ready for
the third."
Lord Shaftesbury made
this statement:
"We are licked. The
Reliance is jolly well the
best."
SUPERIORITY
OF RELIANCE
DEMONSTRATED
THE -SAN FRANCISCO .CALL, WEDNESDAY; -AUGUST 26, 1903.
3
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Skin. Diseases
¦ cf the most stubborn and chronic kind
are promptly relieved and eventu«lly
'cCMtd by the use of
This powerful germicide is ab-
solutely harmless. It has cured
cases pronounced incurable and
will cure you. By killing the
jrerms that cause skin diseases, it
allows Nature to restore a healthy
skin. Used and endorsed by Jead-
i"£ physicians everywhere xor the
last 1 2 years. Booklet on request.
Sold by leading drugjr'* 1 * or trial
bottle sent prepaid on receipt of 35 cents.
Cl.O prince St., New York
Schilling's Best is the mo.
perfect ginger-root ground
c^ry fine indeed. We know of
oily one other grinder pro-
fessing such quality; don't
kiow whether ; he gets it
or not ; never saw his ginger.
Vour grocer's; moneyback.
THE CALL'S
GREAT ATLAS OFFER ,
Will ¦ close on September 24,
1903, and all holders of Atlas
Coupons are requested to pre-.
sent them immediately, as this
great opportunity to secure one
of these splendid Atlases at The
Call's premium rates will be
brought to a close on Septem-
ber 24.STOCKTON, Aug. 25.— The board of
arbitration appointed to settle the dispute
between the. Liverymen's Association and
the Stablemen's Union met this evening
and organized. Each side was represented
by an attorney and it was agreed that
both aides should abide. by the decision
handed down by the board and that the
new agreement should eo into 'effect on
September 1 and continued for one year.
It la. expected that it will be the end of
the week before the case la closed.
PORTLAND, Or.. Au*. 25.^-The tteamshlp
Indravelll, from Hongkong and Yokohama,
brings news of the seal catch off the Japanese
coast. "_The ¦ fioet operating in those
numbered twenty-one vessels and the . total
catch for the season was 552S skins.
On the Journey across the bay to-night
with Miss Matthew. McCloud exhibited
no unusual excitement, and acted ration
ally, though he still complained of dis
tress in his brain.
McCloud and Miss Matthew became ac
quainted during their college days and
had been engaged since their graduation
together In 1893. After his graduation
McCloud entered the newspaper field. In
which he was successful from the first. 1
He began his work on the Examiner.
Besides his mother, he leaves a sister,
Mrs. Elizabeth Coleston of San Fran
cisco. He was born in Hollister and was
26 years old. Mies Matthew Is two years
younger. The Coroner has not yet Bet
a date for the Inquest.
McCloud had an appointment to meet
his mother, Mrs. B. P. Thomas of Hol
lster this morning at 11 o'clock. But he
did not keep It. evidently having forgot
ten all about it. Knowing his condition
and fearing for his safety Mrs. Thomas
sent telegrams to the Matthew 1iome in
quiring about her son. These telegrams
were unanswered through some mistake,
and the / alarmed mother came to/ Berke
ley to-night on the 8. o'clock train from
San Francisco, arriving while her aon's
body lay where it had fallen.
EOBGOT HIS MOTHEB.
He carried out |he arrangement and
stopped over night at the Matthew Home.
This morning he acted strangely and
often complained of a "clutching" in his
brain. McCloud and Miss Matthew went
to San Francisco this afternoon to do
some chopping, expecting to be home
early. But they lingered until late and
did not leave the city until 6 o'clock.
Several times during the afternoon Mc-
Cloud complained of that "clutching" in
his brain. V?;
to face the folks."
Miss Matthew, however, arranged to
meet him at 10 o'clock last night at her
home. «"V
Continued From Page 1, column 5.
PORTI-AND. Or., Au*. 25.— Right Rev. C. J.
CKnellley. the litshop of Baker City. Or.. wa«
con«tcr*te«J ot the Cathedral here to-day,
Archliifchop A. Christie officiating.
"Allison, ¦ poor fellow, died by his own
hand. He asked us boys to kill him and
put him out of his misery, as he had been
badly wounded. We refused. Then he
said, 'Good-by pals.' shot himself: and
died."
"I do not want you to think that I am
bloodthirsty and would kill any man on
Bight," continued Murphy, "for I am not.
We were making a break for our lives
and we realized that Craig was tracking
us and sooner or later would get the drop
on us if we did not kill or elude him. We
caught sight of him once before on the
other side of Steamboat, but at that time
did not think he was following us. If we
had known then what we know now we
would surely have killed him."
"\\;ere you at the fight at Pilot Hill?"
was asked.
"Yes. I guess I was," replied the con
vict, laughingly.
"Can you state positively if Allison was
killed by the posse or died by his own
hand?"
"That must have been the case," replied
Murphy. "We waited long enough to al
low him. to reach where we werehlding.
We thought he had given us the slip, but
hoped to reach Reno and get aboard a train
bound eastward before he could give the
alarm. He was too smart -for us, how
ever. The alarm had been given and
we were surprised on the river bridge
within 500 yards of the railroad where we
hoped to make our escape. I readies it is
all up with me now. They will welcome
me at Folsom with a new hemp rope."
ALLISON COMMITTED SUICIDE.
"Don't. you think he went by and you
failed to see him as it was getting dark
and a wheel makes little noise?" was
asked him.
and Truckee passenger train passed by
and Murphy and his companion ¦ jumped
aboard the blind-baggage. ' When Craig
hove in sight they got a good view of
him standing with a rifle in his hand and
they knew that -he was after them.
"Miller suggested getting off the train
and going back and killing Craig," con
tinued Murphy, "but I thought it a better
plan to go oii to the next station, get
off there and He in wait for 'him. When
the train arrived at Huffaker, a small
station six miles from Reno, we got off
to await the coming of Craig. Our plan
was to kill him and get rid of the body,
then head for Reno, break open a box
car and get East." We waited In the
brush alongside of the road for a long
time, but Craig did not arrive."
SACRAMENTO. Aug. 25.-Glfford Pin
chot. United States Forester, head of the
Bureau of Forestry of the United States
Department of Agriculture, and Ms .as
s-ifctants. William C. Hodge and A. F. Pot
ter, were in consultation with Governor
Pardee and the other members of the
State Board of Forestry this morning
relative to their work In this State. Pin
chot and his assistants have been in the
forests of this State eince last June.
Under a recent act of the Legislature
the sum of $15,000 was appropriated to
enable the State to co-operate with the
general Government in devising a proper
forestry policy for California, and al
though Pinchot has an efficient corps In
the field who will be at work for two
years, he comes to direct the work of hia
force* personally. He will be In this State
until about September 15, when he will go
to Ogden to attend the National Irrigation
Congress.
CONFERS WITH GOVERNOR
ON A FORESTRY POLICY
ington to Supervise Work
In California.
Gifford Pinchot Comes From Wash-
DEMENTED WAYNE McCLOUD
AGREE TO KILL SCOUT.
Just before he returned the Virginia
that guards will arrive here to-mor
row morning to take charge of Convicts
Murphy and Woods, who were captured
by local officers. Woods still maintains
a sullen silence because the Jailers refuse
to supply him with opium, but Murphy
Is more cheerful for he realizes that he
will not better his condition by acting
ugly.
Murphy was in a rather confidential
mood when visited by The Call repre
sentative to-day and he talked freely con
cerning hla flight and capture. He said
that Scout Craig, who followed Miller
and himself into Nevada, narrowly
escaped being- murdered by them. Ac
cording to Murphy's story Craig caught
up with them at Steamboat, a station on
the Virginia and .Truckee Railroad about
twelve miles from Reno. Craig was riding
a bicycle and had his rifle st r ipped on
the wheel. When he recogniz.d, the con
victs he stopped within a f?w feet of
them and asked .the proprietor of the
hotel if he could get a meal there. Upon
being, told that he could not he rode on
about two hundred feet back of a small
knoll, 3ust out of sight of -the escapes,
and hurriedly unstrapped his ritfe and re
turned by a circular route to, near where
he had seen them.
RENO. Nev., Aug. 23.-Sherlff Hayes
received a telephone message from
FoWom prison to-night announcing
Convict Murphy Tells of
Having Planned to
Kill Craig.
COLUMBUS, Ohio. Aug. 25.— The pre
liminary meeting this afternoon and even
ing of the Democratic State Convention
resulted in favor of Mayor Tom L. John
son of Cleveland in his contest with John
L. Zimmerman of Springfield for the gu
bernatorial nomination. Mayor Johnson
had uncontested control of the Democrat
ic State Committee last year at San
dusky, and the committee selected then
in its call for this convention provided
that the credentials from all the counties
were to be first submitted to 'the State
Central Committee. ¦-
¦ The new State Central Committee or
ganized to-night with W. L. Finley, of
Kenton, as chairman, and E. C. Madigan,
of Cleveland, as secretary,. both Johnson
men. The Johnson men controlled" all the
committee meetings to-night as firmly as
the afternoon meetings, but the Zimmer
man men fought at every point and will
present minority reports to the conven
tion to-morrow on everything.
Democrats of Ohio Begin Their Battle
for Nominations for State jV- '} £
Offices.
The arrest of two of the escaped con
victs from Folsom penitentiary in Reno,
Nev., has excited in the minds of some of
the local sleuths a desire to emulate the
example of the constables ¦' there. Great
excitement prevailed at police headquar
ters for a few minutes yesterday after
noon, when Detectives Reynolds and Bell
hurried out, saying they had received a
secret tip that one of the escapes was
promenading around Portsmouth square. ,
. In a few minutes they returned with a
lanky young man between them who did
not bear the slightest resemblance to any
of the escaped convicts. He protested
that he wag not one of the escapes, and
displayed a discharge paper from the
Warden at Folsom showing that his
name was Joseph West and that ho had~
been released on Monday last after serv
ing a two years', sentence for burglary
from Los Angeles County. Apologies were
in order from the chagrined sleuths, and
West went away, saying he would give
this city a wide berth in future, as he
might be arrested again. '
JOHNSON WINS OUT"
"'" BEFORE THE CONVENTION
LOCAL SLEUTHS ENVIOUS
OF RENO CONSTABLES
Detectives Reynolds and Bell Get a
';^ Secret Tip Which Proves
1 . Delusive.
RENO/ Nev., Aug. 25.—Excite
ment is running high here to
night. Several shots have been
fired at a supposed convict. The
man came in on the brakebeam of a
freight train. He resembled Howard.
When he got from under the car
Scout Hicks ordered him to halt. and
throw up his hands. Instead of doing
so he ran and the officer fired' at him,
but failed to stop him.
Reno officers were called to a ranch
three miles south of town to-night on
a report having been received that a
supposed convict was surrounded.
The officers rushed to the scene, but
discovered that a mistake had been
made. The suspect proved to be the
owner of the place, who had taken to
his cellar from fear of the armed men
he had seen about • the ranch. He
thought they were convicts.
In\ a conversation Convict Woods
to-day stated that Case was left dead
in the mountains after the battle at
Pilot Hill. He said they were forced
to leave him there dying.
Of Dr. Gordon It can be truly said that
he was a friend to the needy, and many
& poor family will have occasion to mourn
his demise.
LODI, Aug. 25.— Dr. Charles Howard
Gordon, one of the best known men In
this county, died last night from diabetes.
The body will be taken to San Francisco
on the 6:M train to-morrow morning and
cremated at the Odd Fellows' crematory.
The ashes will be scattered on the waters
of the ocean.
Charles Howard Gordon was born in
Scotland August 16. 1S33. He graduated
from Christ College, London, England,
and enlisted in the Queen's navy. He saw
service In India and in the allied army of
England and France.
At the beginning of the Civil War he
came to this country, and In 1863 was com.
missioned as captain of Company E, Third
Rhode Island Cavalry.
Dr. Gordon came to California at the
close of the war, completed his medical
Ftudles and began practice as a physician
and surgeon. He took an active part in
politics and was one of the most prom
inent of the Democratic party leaders,
frequently rerving as a delegate to and
chairman of conventions. In 1SS0 he was
married to Emelle Stafford of San Fran
cisco, who survives him. He was a mem
ber of the Maeonic fraternity, the For
esters of America and the Ancient Order
United Workmen. Members of these or
ders will accompany the body to San
Francisco.
VIRGINIA, Nev., Aug. 25.—
Officers to-day received no
tice from Reno that two men,
thought to be escaped convicts,
were coming over Geiger Grade,
and a posse started out to inter
cept them. About 5 o'clock a
man resembling Eldridge and an
swering the description sent from
Folsom prison, was arrested about
a mile from town. The officers
placed him in jail and at once
started for the grade again. They
believe they will have the other
man before daybreak.
O-I-H-I I-I I I I I I I 1 ! M 1 I I 1 I MO
PROMINENT PHYSICIAN
OF LODI PASSES AWAY
Body Will Be Cremated and Ashes
Scattered on Waters of
the Ocean.
TUCSON, Ariz., Aug. 25.— Five prisoners
confined in the second story of the county
Jail at Tucson made their escape Mon
day morning between 2 and 3 o'clock by
digging a hole through a fourteen-inch
brick wall Just under the eaves and
climbing down a ladder made of blankets
to tho street, forty feet below. H. Or
(juldes, the Mexican Jailer, was asleep at
the time of the escape, wbich-^had been
! curcfully planned. The prisoners had
made knives out of an old lard pail and
used them to dig out the mortar and pry
out the bricks. All of the brick were
lifted out on the inside and placed in a
i blanket without making the least noise.
! Tho side of the county jail from which
tha men escaped faced the city jail, where
the night Jailer was on watch, but the
prisoners succeeded in working without
nttracting his attention. The jailer now
remembers- having heard his dogs bark
at the time the escape is reported to have
been made. The break was not discov
ered until 5 o'clock In the morning, when
a passer by noticed a hole in the wall
and inquired ; the meaning of it. The
county Sheriff believed that the prisoners
were in their cells, but on investigation
it was found that they had flown. Al
though officers are in pursuit, it is be
lieved that the men will succeed In cross
ing the Mexican line.
The escapes are Charles McCormlck, a
boy of 15, who murdered Tony Soto at
Tucson a year ago, and was serving a
five-year sentence, a Mexican Government
prisoner, two smugglers and a negro
charged with assault.
Strange to say, Billy Stiles, the famous
border bad man, was brought to Tucson
to-day from Tombstone for safekeeping.
At <• o'clock to-night four United States
officers stepped' from the train at Tucson
with Stiles and his .pal. Alvord, both in
chains. Two officers walked at their side
and another behind with hia finger ¦ con
stantly on the trigger of a shotgun,
which he -carried. Alvord was taken on
to Phoenix on the midnight train, while
Stiles was locked up in a steel cage In
the Tucson Jail, 'i.ie order for their
transfer was made at Tombstone Mon
day morning, on motion of the United
States Attorney, who took cognizance of
the boasts made by both desperadoes that
they would some night repeat their feat
of two years ago 'and again escape from
the clutches of the Sheriff at Tombstone.
Both Tucson and Phoenix are farther
from the Mexican line and 'the United
States officials believe the desperadoes
Special Dispatch to The Call.
His Companion Gets
Away From the
Pursuers.
could be more easily captured In case of
a Jail delivery in these cities, which was
considered improbable until the break
Monday night.
Stiles and Alvord protested against be
ing removed and I threatened to create
trouble, but they found their guard so
strong and vigilant that an attempt to
escape would have been folly. They were
warned that if they tried to get away
they would be shot. The officers meant
to take no chances and would have car
ried out their threat. A great crowd had
assembled at the station to catch a
glimpse of the celebrated outlaws.
Since then I have seen similar Insects in
widely separated localities. Jn almost every old
creek bottom -wherever drainage exists from
adjoining oil properties and accumulations of
waste oil stand and become stagnant. In some
of these abodes stagnant water underlies the
oil, mud and moist earth; In others there was
not a vestige of water: In size these Insects
are about one-quarter of an Inch In length and
three-sixty-fourths of the same In width. In
shape they are not unlike a diminutive tent
caterpillar without the obtuseness of bead and
tail, tapering rather to a point at the extremi
ties and In action moving the body much as
the tent eaterptllar does, at no time- raising
the bod? from the surface, and when In the
oil hitching along with contraction and expan
sion of the body as the larva of tha mosquito
propels itself through water.
In order to obtain a clearer view of this in
sect I , immerard two or them In a porcelain
evaporating dish filled with coal oil. expecting
Immediate death to both. Much to my sur
prise, one fellow started In to Investigate his
bath, and upon encountering some stray parti
cles of foreign matter, proceeded to eat then?.
I plainly raw these objects pass through his
rapidly working maw Into his stomach through
his semi-transparent body. When he encoun
tered his companion he grabbed and pulled him
around apparently in a spirit of fight. For
two hours these Insects lived In tha coal oil.
In the early part of the summer of 1901.
while examining closely the surface ©f a stag
nant pool of waste oil, I became eognlxant of
the presence of countless inhabitants crawling
and squirming 'over th,o surface of tho oil In
all directions. At first I l>eUeved their pres
ence accidental, but later found this theory
erroneous.
BAKERSFIELD, Aug. 25.— That animal
life could not exist* In the oil of Kern
County has long been a popular belief.
It being said that the fluid killed all ani
mal or Insect life with which it came In
contact. This theory, however, has been
exploded by Edward N. Moor, an oil oper
ator of the Kern River field, who has dis
covered insect life a plenty in the heavy
rtuld and is investigating it thoroughly,
sending accounts of his discovery and
specimens to scientists for study.
The story of his discovery is related by
him as follows:
Thinks Man Who Got
Off Brakebeam Is
,-¦ - x ,-:: ¦¦¦¦- / _
Gathers Specimens $nd Seeks
Scientific Light on Dis
covery.
Section of Prison Wall Is
Removed While Jailer
Slumbers.
Take Him on Geiger
Grade Without
Struggle.
Reno Scout Shoots
at: Stranger in
the Depot. "
Bakersfleld Man Locates
Insects That Thrive
on Petroleum.
Tucson Boy Murderer Is
> Among the Fugitive
Criminals.
FIVE PRISONERS
CUT OUT OF JAIL
FINDS ANIMAL
LIFE IN OIL
VIGILANT OFFICERS AT CARSON CITY CAPTURE SUSPECT
WHO ANSWERS THE DESCRIPTION OF CONVICT ELDRIOGE
VICTORIA, B. C, Aug. 25.— The steam
er Empress of China brought among h«r
passengers General S. 8. Sumner. U. S.
A., who has been directing the operations
against the Moros In Mindanao and who.
accompanied by Mrs. Sumner, Is bound
for Omaha, where he will b© given charge
of the Department of the Missouri ' "
Return of General Sumner.
MARYSVILLE, Aug. 23.—Twelve-year
old Edward Roberts, son of Supervisor
Fred Roberts of thia city, met with a sin
gular accident last night. In company
with two other boys h« was riding over
the Feather River bridge' on a bicycle.
The boy's wheel struck the street car
track' and he was thrown through a small
opening in the side of the bridge. H© shot
down to the water, twenty fe«t below.
His cries brought assistance, and he was
found clinging to a small rail that project
ed an inch or two from the side of one of
the piers. . He was to-day the victim of
another accident. A largo pile of crates
filled with fruit cans fell upon him and
knocked him down, but the lad's Injuries
were found to be only superficial.
Marysville Boy's Good Luck.
The Government claims the water for
irrigation, manufacturing purposes, wa
ter power, domestic use and other bene
ficial uses and the terminus and place of
intended use Is at Yuma Valley and to
the Mexican boundary line and along tha
line of the proposed conduit. •* .
The location is described as being on
the bank of the Colorado River about
twenty-two and a half miles above Yuma.
Ariz., and la hi or near section 4. town
ship 13 south, range 42 east, eighth B. M.
SAN DIEGO, Aug. 23.— An Important
step was taken this afternoon by tha
United States Government In the ad
vancement of Its great Irrigation -project
lr» the southwest. A notice of appropria
tion of water In the Colorado River was
filed with the County Recorder by Edwin
T. Perkins for the Secretary of the In
terior, appropriating 4,000,000 miner's
inches jrt. water twenty-two miles north
of Yuma and less than two miles beyond
the Potholes, so-called. In California the
standard pressure for measuring water is
four inches, but In this case six inches
is to be the pressure, thus affording a
much greater volume of wa>-v. Under
this notice the Government claims all tha
unappropriated water of the Colorado
River, both surface flow and under flow.
4,000,000 miners' Inches under a six-Inch
pressure.
Will Take Supply From Colo
rado River for Use in
Yuma Valley.
Notice of Appropriation
Is Filed by Federal
Government.
CLAIMS WATER
FOR IRRIGATION
THE SAN FRfNCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, AUGUST 2(i, 1903.
DEAD CONVICT AND ASSO
CIATES FOR WHOM' OFFI
CERS ARE SEARCHING.
Confirms the Story Tha
Allison Died by His
Own Hand.
A jury was Impaneled in Judge Law
lor'e court yesterday to try the case of
Joseph Majetti on a charge of murder.
He Is accused of having shot and killed
B. W. Schorf, a waiter. In the Baltimore
House, on April 2. They quarreled 'over
an opium pipe and Majetti claims that
Schorf tried to hit Him with the pipe,
whereupon ' he shot In self defense. ' Ma
jetti is an ex-convict,. --I
On Trial for Murder.
Carries Pine Ties for New Road.
LOS ANGELES, Aug. 25.— The sailing
vessel Chehalls arrived at Hueneme to
day with 10,000 Oregon pine ties for the
building, It is aaid, of an electric railroad
from. that city to Bakersfleld. This. is the
best ' assurance, according, to the Times,
that the Huntington interests are arrang
ing" to push their line north from Los An
geles to Santa Barbara and San Fran
cisco, and will prove to those who Jiave
doubted the building of the projected line
of the Bakersfleld and Ventura Railway
Company that something is doing after
all.
Submit Wage Dispute to Arbitration.
4
JUO. J. FULTON CO.
Bright's Disease and
Diabetes News.
San Francisco, Aug. 24, 1903.
Among the late reports is one from
a very interesting case, viz., F. F.
Ames of 161 1 Dcvisadcro street, in this
city. His was one of the most stub-
born cases of Bright's Disease yet en-
countered. He was tapped twenty-
fire times in one of our large hospi-
.tals, and was given up by his physi-
cians. He is now up and around again,
and enjoyed the recent festivities as
much as anybody. See Mr. Ames and
get bis statement. Ask him what did
Another late report is from a Chi-
cago physician, W. H. Wolford, M.
D., who writes that a patient whose
name he gives, viz., a Mr. Newberry,
formerly Chief of the Fire Depart-
ment of Lincoln, Nebraska, had been
examined by a number of prominent
physicians" and pronounced incurable
— a case of Diabetes. The doctor adds:
"I myself deemed the case a hopeless
one. Patient was reduced 55 pounds.
Fulton's Diabetic Compound was pre-
scribed and in six weeks the progress
made was very remarkable, patient
gaining in strength, flesh and color,
and all indications point to complete
recovery in a few months."
Wish we had room here for a half
dozen more similar reports of the
past week. (Two of them from physi-
cians.) The curability of Bright's Dis-
ease and Diabetes is being admitted
and many physicians and several hos-
pitals are now using the Fulton Com-
pounds. Send for pamphlet. John J.
Fulton Co., 409 Washington street,
San Francisco. Sole compounders.
GATHERED"
A Swell Fruit Study
|^EgHBBH8|^CTa^33>rj|f^^(^»Hp^?F£? j^^&fe^^j^c-ytf^f jftffi^^ - fJj£j&oJLJ^IBfTF^^r^i{*Bffii^ •¦ " : ¦ ¦¦ *i ¦ f ' y '' r ' ¦''¦ iiiV •'''¦<. *"'¦" ¦'' ii;< " : » ij * y -
JUST GATHERED. V _
Free Call Art Svpplement Next Sunday.
C. P. Ream has won a reputation surpassing that of any other artist
in this country as a painter of fruit. "Just Gathered" is characteristic of
his best style, which does not depend upon imitative ability alone for its
excellence, but combines qualities of effect, composition and color har-
mony, which give his works a pictorial interest not usually found in still-
life paintings. •
In this picture the plums lie in the grass as if they had been freshly
plucked from the tree, with the bloom still on them, while a ray of sun-
light felling on some of them and on a portion of the grass gives effect ¦
and variety of color to the composition. There is something infinitely
more pleasing in this suggestion of a natural environment than to the
conventional arrangement of a still life with' a meaningless background,
which is so common in most representations of fruit and flowers.
"Just Gathered" was formerly, owned by Catherine Iff. White of Il-
linois, who bequeathed it to the Chicago Art Institute, in whose perma-
Jnent collection it now is. It was selected by a committee appointed by the
art institute, along with a picture by William Hart, from a number of-
s fered in the.bequest. •
Ask your news agent for the SUNDAY CALL.
TRAIN NEWS AGENTS AND ALL NEWSDEALERS SELL THE CALL
Price 5 Cents. Price 5 Cents. Price 5 Cents,
THEY ARE FRAMING THE CALL ART SUPPLEMENTS
-¦ •••¦-•• : The Following Art Dealers Are Making a Specialty ot Framing Call Art Supplements: : ¦ ' r
~7SACRAMENTO-Hevener. Mier & street; Gage's art store, 609 East Main SAN DIEGO-W. P. Fuller & Co.', H'
Co., 615 J street: C. N. Davis, book street: Weber's art -store, 423 East F street,
store, 817 K street. • *- ', - Main street. FRESXO-Sronce A Dick. _ j
PETAL.UMA— H. 8. Gutermute. J. MARYSVILLE— O. W. Hall. , REDDINO— W. H. . Bergb. "Bergh !
M. Wyckoff. OAKLAND-E. J. Saake. 13 Tele- Furniture Company : T. J. . Houston, <
SAN JOSE— George Denne, M. Len- graph avenue; A. A. Barlow. 369 Houston Furniture Company,
ten & Son. Twelfth street. • ¦ REDWOOD CITY-W.L. Kline.- ' |
BTOCKTON-Morrls Bros. 1 book ALAMEDA-C. P- Magaynos. 1351 SANTA CRUZ-H. E. Irish, Cook* J
•tore, 20 North El Dorado street; Park street.' . Bros.. F. R. Hew. George Hobaa. I
Stockton Racket store. 711 East Main- CHICO-Fett era & Williams. JACKSON-E. G. Freeman Co. . |
ADVERTISEMENTS. ' ; ' ;';C<
I If you want a Business Suit for Pall, now is a splendid e!j§
I W^^^^ opportunity to jet a bargain. I have purchased the out- teg*
I VmSkS^y^ put of a large cloth mill, much under pries — and it is Egs
J Wy^ well known in this city that when CHARLES LYONS HS
I Iv^ f mikes i uch statements, it is (rue business, and he meant it. Hg \
\T . To conclude, you can have* SUIT to ORDER for FIFTEEN KB
uOLLARS, from extra fine English cloth, made in first-c'ass style, and cut by proper Bj
experienced cutters. I cv\ only sell, goods at THESE PRICES for the next TWO or B0
THREE weeks, before the Fall trad* begins. Ps
: Jfr ~ --LONDON TAILOR... \ B
i '¦:*¦:¦ 122 Kcarny St. |^in Philadelphia, for they had often heard
their brother admit that the woman was
his child.
When the will was filed for probate the
court appointed attorneys to represent
Mrs. Taylor, who was shortly afterward
called upon to defend a suit brought *by
Con Mooney in an effort to break the will.
This suit was dismissed, but was quickly
followed by another in which the brother
set up a claim of partnership existing for
thirty years. It was this suit the attor
neys had agreed to compromise when
Jones disappeared. M
Native Sons' Entertainment.
The entertainment of the Native Sons*
literary and social committee to be given
this evening in Native Sons' Hall will be
under the auspices of Precita Parlor. The
programme will include a contralto solo
by Miss Etta O'Brien, specialties by El
ton Lambert, comic songs by Webb and
Farrell. vocal selections by J. G. Preston,
and "The Baron's Wager." a comedy. In
which Miss Pauline Lord and Jerome II.
Kann will assume the- leading characters.
After the entertainment there will ba
dancing.
Vallejo Veteran Passes Away.
VALLEJO, Aug. 25.— James O. Sanders.
a Mexican war veteran and California
pioneer. Is dead at the age of nearly H
years. He came to California in 1S13 as
second mate of the ship Ix>o Choo and set
tlr-A \n ValleJo Jn 1S35.
Damages Big Water Main.
vALLrEJO, Aug. 25.— The water supply
of Vallejo Is threatened by some miscre
ant. Twice within the last two weeks
he has knocked a large hole in the main
pipe that supplies this city from Green
Valley and a large amount of water was
iost each time.
a trace of the missing man and heard
that he was in Portland. He immediately
telegraphed there, but a response came
back that Jones could not be found there.
His wife, who is prostrated by
the strange absence of her husband, still
has faith In him and hopes that he will
soon return. Friends, however, have re
luctantly accepted the theory that Jones
has gone for good and has by this, time
placed himself far beyond the jurisdiction
of the State courts. .
ASKED FOR ACCOUNTING.
What he did with the money he embez
zled from the Mooney estate none of his
friends are able to suggest. While they
admit that he gambled away much money
in the nlckel-in-the-slbt machines and
frequently played the races, they are posi
tive that h« never lost anywhere near
the amount hfi has failed to account for.
Possibly, they think, he may have be
come Involved in some mining scheme and
used the money of the Mooney estate,
hoping to make it up in some way and
restore it to the administratrix.
Several weeks ago. when, as stated In
yesterday's Call, "the attorneys for Con
Aiooney, brother of the deceased, who
was endeavoring to break tl.e will of his
relative, effected a compromise, Jones
was appealed to by Con Mooney's attor
ney to have the final account of the ad
ministratrix filed In court. Jones agreed
to do so, but it was necessary for the
lawyer to go to him several times before
the paper was filed. Then, when the case
was called, Jones appeared in court and
asked permission to withdraw the ac
count on the ground that he had made a
mistake. The court granted the. request.
About this time the conten-ing parties In
the contest fell out again and the com
promise fell through.
MOONEYES QUEER WILL.
Later, however, they again got together
and agreed . on a settlement and Jones
was again' Importuned to render an ac
count; which was then long overdue. In
stead of doing so he suddenly disappeared
and, finally suspecting that, something
was wrong, the attorney for Con v Mooney
notified the court of • his suspicions and
the investigation was begun, with the re
sults v as published in The Call.
The Mooney will case has been an inter
esting one 'from the .start. -Michael
Mooney, in his will, which, was. an oddly
worded document. "> provided that his
wealth should go to Mary Dolan of Phil
adelphia, who, it appears, Is an illegiti
mate child of the deceased. It was stipu
lated in the will, that Mooney's attorney,
who drew up the document, was to find
this "wonian and to satisfy himself as to
her. identity and thereupon pay: over to
her the money iri bank. In. the event. of
falling in this trust, the lawyer was cm
powered to distribute the. money among
such relatives and friends of the deceased
who were considered, in the Judgment of
the lawyer, as worthy of it. Although the
will was conceded .to ; be invalid,-the.rela
tives of Michael Mooney 'were' willing at
first-, to , waive t he question: of • the ; legiti
macy of Mary Dolan. who. has since mar
ried and Is the mother of a large family
San Franciscan Is Drowned.
SAN BERNARDINO. Aug. 23.— F. L.
'ields. a Santa Fe machinist employed at
he Needles, was drowned this morning,
rhlle bathing in the Colorado RiverT
was a good swimmer, but is sup
>osed to have taken cramps. He came
rom San Francisco.-"- '
ing in real estate in Napa and $7000 In
personal property. The petitioner and her
daughter Marie are the only heirs at law.
Deceased died In this State. Mrs": Good
man Is a daughter of the late Harris Mil
lar, a famous song writer.
¦ ? ¦
estate is valued at about $15,000, $8000 be-
Would Administer Napa Estate.
NAPA, Aug. 2o.— Florence M. Goodman,
wife of the late George E. Goodman Jr.,
has filed a petition for letters of adminis
tration on the estate of her husband. The
The unfortunate wife of the missing at
torney Is as much at sea as to his where
abouts as are Jones' most intimate
friends. Although It was previously given
out that Jones had gone to Santa Bar
bara for his health and would remain
away a couple of weeks, it is now gen
erally thought he was responsible for this
story, hoping that, it would perhaps 'de
lay proceedings against him and mislead
possible pursuit.
It has been* learned that one of his
friends, when the present scandal began
to be generally discussed /among Jones'
professional acquaintances, tried to obtain
It was reported yesterday that Jones
had been guilty of several other Irregular
acts while serving in the capacity of an
attorney and that they will develop when
the investigation Into his legal connec
tions is made.
WHEREABOUTS UNKNOWN.
affairs of the estate, began last week,- will
be resumed. ,
AUBURN. Aug. 25.— The Auburn Hotel
waa totally destroyed by fire at an early
hour this morning and two of the guests
perished in the flames. Daniel Christy
who had been a resident of Auburn for
many years, occupied a room on the
ground floor, but was unable to escape
from the building. From the position of
his bodv when fcund It is believed he
was either suffocated or struck by a fall
ing wall Just as he was passing through
the door of his room.
Albert Maither, aged about 22 years, oc
cupied a rear room and as the fire started
in- the rear portion of the house it is
presumed he tried to make his escape
through' the front hallway and was suffo
cated by the smoke. Young Maither was
a native son, residing at the Butcher
ranch, and had been on a visit with his
sister-in-law, Mrs. Archie Maither, a
daughter of Robert Waugh. proprietor of
the hotel. Archie Maither. a brother of
the deceased, was killed bjr an explosion
of dvnamite a little more than a year
ago.
The Auburn Hotel was one of the city's
oldest landmarks and as it was on the
railroad right of way it is not likely that
it will be rebuilt. Thc Freeman Hotel,
one of the largest uostelries north of
Sacramento, adjoined -the Auburn Hotel
and was saved by the ethcient work of
the local fire department.
The estimated loss on the burned build
ing is $9900; Insurance (5000.
SrecSal Dispatch to The Call
Watchman Atkinson was walking up
and down near the cleanup tent when
h<? was knocked down by a blow on the
h?ad. A masked man bent over him and
held him while three others prepared to
gather in the cleanup. They had to
wash up only ten feet in length of the
sluice where the nuggets and dust lay
from half an inch to an inch In depth.
They produced canvas sacks from their
pockets ready for the gold and soon had
them filled. They appeared immediately
after the workmen had gone to supper
and stayed there until one man was seen
conning back over the hill. With a warn
ing to the watchman that they would kill
him if he gave the alarm the robbers de
ramped. They had ponies tied a short
distance away and by the time the men
of the camp had armed themselves the
robbers had completely disappeared.
Every avenue of escape from Atlin had
fceen closed and the mounted police be
lieve that the robbers will be captured
when they run short of supplies and are
compelled to come in for provisions.
There Is no way of their escaping to
Skapway *»«-"<-»t through well guarded
passes.
ATLIN, B. C. Aug. 25.— Twenty thou
sand dollars' worth of nuggets and gold
dust were stolen last night from the
sluice boxes of the Atlin Gold Mining
Company's claims. Four masked men ev
idently well versed In the customs of the
miners held up watchman Atkinson while
thc workmen were away at supper and
within half an hour had escaped with
several sacks of gold. The robbery was
evidently planned with a knowledge of the
progress of the cleanup and Just how
and where the money could be obtained.
Special Dlssatch to The Call
Rob Sluice Boxes After
Knocking Out Night
Watchman.
PJames and Smoke Cut
Off the Avenues of
Escape.
ONE OF SAN RAFAEL'S MOST
IMPOSING HOUSES OF WOR
SHIP.
TWO QUESTS DIE
IN A HOTEL FIRE
THIEVES SECURE
SACKS OF GOLD
open to the public on Saturday
next, the occasion being the garden fete
of the Presbyterians. The affair is to be
triven under the auspices of the Ladies'
Aid Society of the Presbyterian church
and will be one of the social events of the
season in San Rafael. The proceeds of
the fete will be used in the purchase of
a pipe organ for the church, and nothing
will be left undone to make the affair a
brilliant success.
Cards are out announcing the events
from 2 to 6 p. m. Between those hours
a literary and musical programme will
be rendered by society talent and unique
features in the way of amusements will
l>e offered..
The patronwses of the affair are Mes
fituses Dr. Keck, W. P. Taylor, J. E.
Alexander, William Bradford. J. A.
Buck. James Webster. A. W. Foster, F.
A. Yanccl, C. A. Thayer. John Dollar and
William Barr, Misses Edith Foster, Mae
Gibson and Susie Yancel.
O 'I"! ¦I'vvv'S"! ¦!"I"I"I"l"I"I"r-l"! ii l"!"I"I"!"I"I i
SAN RAFAEL, Aug. 25.-The pala
tia] residence and extensive
grounds of A. W. Foster, on
Forbes avenue will be thrown
A warrant probably will be Issued , in a
few days for the arrest of Hu Jones, the j
attorney whose sudden disappearance 1
from the city has been followed by the j
discovery that he had misappropriated the
funds of the estate of, the late Michael
Mooney.
There is no longer any doubt that Jones
confiscated the moneys In bank t« the
credit of the estate, amounting to over
$13,000. Those who were at first disposed
to regard the ease in a charitable light
and hoped for the return of the' attorney j
have abandoned all , Idea of a possible I
mistake and now confess that things look j
bad for the missing man. In fact, they 1
believe that he will never dare to return j
to the city, where, for years, he was
looked upon as a most trustworthy law
yer.
The evidence of his guilt has grown so
strong that the only step left for the
court is to issue instructions for his ar- j
rest and it is probable that the District
Attorney will be given charge of the case, j
Although the attorneys interested in the
affairs of the Mooney estate keenly ap
preciate the position of their clients in
the absence of the funds left by Michael
Mooney, they have by no means aban
doned hope of recovering the coin, for it ;
developed yesterday that the turning over-r
of the money by the three banks, with j
which it was deposited, to Jones, was an
irregular proceeding. .
WILL SUE THE BANKS.
In fact, preparations have already been
made to bring suits against the Illbernia
Savings and Loan Society, the Columbian
Banking Company and the San Francisco ;
Savings Union, with a view of compelling
them to reimburse the estate. According I
to the claims of the attorneys, Mrs. Me- 1
Namara, the former administratrix of the j
Mconey estate, was not lawfully entitled j
to draw the money out of the banks for !
the reason that she had failed to qualify j
in the position to which she had been ap- j
pointed by the court.
When she was appointed administra
trix, after the death of Mrs. Bedelia
Boyd, the executrix of the Mooney will,
Judge CofTey fixed hor bond at $30,000.
Instead of immediately qualifying, Mrs. j
McNatnara, through her attorney, Hu
Jones, riled a petition for a reduction of |
the bond to $4000, and it was this docu
ment that Judge Sloss, sitting In Judge
CofTey's court, signed.
Pursuant to the law the court ordered j
that all moneys belonging to the estate !
should be immediately deposited In. the ;
California Safe Deposit Bank. It appears
that in issuing the order for the reduc
tion of the bond Judge Sloss erred, in
! that he should have first informed him
'¦¦ self as to whether Mrs. McNamara had
I already qualified under the original bond.
! ' INVALID • PROCEEDINGS.
i She having failed to do so invalidated
I the order reducing the bond, for in the
! absence of her original bond she was, in
i fact, not a duly qualified administratrix,
and therefore not entitled to recognition
in any subsequent petition by trie court.
Upon "this ground is based the claim of
the attorneys representing the different
heirs— that Mrs. McNamara was at no
time empowered to give her attorney or
any agency authorization to draw from
the banks the funds of the estate, and
' that in accepting her order the banks did
: so on their own responsibility and arc
I consequently liable for the money they
j gave to »Jones.
Judge Sloss' friends, by the way, are
very Indignant over what they claim is
an attempt to shoulder upon him the. en
1 tire blame for the proceeding, for they
assert that he simply followed the word
ing of an order. previously issued by Judge'
: CofTey in the same case, when the last
• named reduced the bond of the executrix,
! Mrs. Bedelia Boyd, from $30,000 to $4000.
j Yesterday Judge Coffey was inclined to
: mildly criticize the action of Judge Sloss,
i until one of the attorneys at the bar re
i minded him of his own order In the same
case. ...
JONES' LAST ' MOVE.
When Mooney died his money was dis
tributed in the three banks in sums as
follows: San Francisco Savings Union,
$9494 71: Hibernia Savings and Loan So
'cicty, $3158 15, and Columbian Banking Com
!»pany, $1492 40., On February 1 all these
amounts, with the exception of about $900
In the San Francisco Savings Union, had
been (unlawfully withdrawn by Jonea on
orders from Mrs. McNamara. Not con
tented with these peculations, it Is now
charged that -Jones set about getting the
balance of the money out of the last
nairfed bank, and was finally successful,
but only after a resort to crooked meth
ods.
While going over the accounts rendered
by the bank yesterday Mrs. McNamara
¦was shown one item of $645 drawn on her
order by Jones on February 7 last. This
1 she repudiated, and charged that Jones
had raised the amount from $45 to $645.
She claims that she gave him an order to
pay a claim of $45 against the estate held
by James Crowley and representing the
hiring of horses. ¦• Apparently Jones took
the order and Inserted the words "six
hundred and" and added a "6" to the
'numerals in the corner/of the order. Each
of the banks will be sued for the full
amounts originally deposited with them
to the credit of Michael Mooney.
INVOLVES HIS FRIEND.
The fact that Mrs. McNamara did file a
bond in the sum of $4000 has suggested' the
possibility o* her bondsmen being sued
for that amount of money, but the devel
opment of the fact that the entire pro
ceeding was irregular relieves her sureties
of all responsibility. . When the order re
ducing the original bond was issued by
Judge Sloss Attorney Jones Immediately
hied himself to the office of . his former,
law partner, Joseph O'Donnell, and in
duced Him to join as a surety, a practice
which lawyers often Indulge In and ¦ one"
which O'Donnell did not s feel inclined to
refuse in a case wherein his old friend
was concerned. As may be easily imag
ined, Lawyer O'Donnell was greatly re
lieved when he learned yesterday that he
could not be held liable for the dishonest
acts of his former partner by reason of
the fact that the whole proceeding was
invalid.
Joseph Haber Jr., who has been ap
pointed to succeed Mrs: McNamara as
the administrator of the Mooney estate,
appeared before Judge CofTey yesterday
and formally qualified, after which Judge
Coffey Instructed him to be in court ; this
morning-, when the investigation Into the
Missing Lawyer's Whereabouts Is
Still a Mystery to Hi^ Anxious
Family and Surprised
Friends.
.'.'-¦¦).'j :::¦'¦¦:. ¦ : /-Z--'^r : t. : ::r\-:: : ~ : - : -' ; -' ¦i^'->i'-:y^'':
Validity of Order Issued by
Judge Sloss Is Ques
tioned.
Charged With Responsi
bility for- Money g
Paid Jones.
BANKS WILL
BE SUED FOR
MOONEY COIN
THE SAK FRANCISCO CALL, /WEDNESDAY, -AUGUST 26^ 1903.
Members of the Aid Society of the Presbyterian
Church Will Give a Unique Entertainment Next
* Saturday to Raise Funds to Buy New Pipe Organ
SAN RAFAEL LADIES COMPLETE
ARRANGEMENTS FOR GARDEN FETE
5
THE EMPQBIUI(L : | " \ THE ,- 1 THE EMPORIUM. j THE EMPORIUM.
' An Important Sale Silver Plated Ware
f Begins This Mornlng--Ends Saturday Night
Fancy Bon Bon Di»hes *£*<§*&*& The goods offered in this sale are all quadrup'e plate silver on hard white Fovr Piece Tea Sets — Tea Pot, Sugar
with open work borders metal, and are absolutely guaranteed. They were purchased from the makers Bowl, Creamer and Spoon Holder, design as
Fancy Bon Bon Dishes Jg€ o{ the celebrated Rogers Bros. "1847" Knives, Forks and ¦ Spoons. iaiOMtntioa, complete set only. . $4.66
with embossed borders You know what those goods are— the silverware offered in this Big Special Butter Dish to match jgg 'SJjP
Yeryp«tty.BreaiT^ . Sale of ours is just as good. We closed out all above set mPBmmPC*
with open work borders mm SM9f % t^2^^ £^^^^^S ~ tnat there ' was of the articles enumerated in 3-plece Dessert Stt — Sugar. Bowl, Creamer
Fancy Cake Baskets, ***+ ' W*% \ d"l "ad." and hence arc able to and Spoon Holder, in a pretry colonal de»5 ? n,
. , , ,, j . , SvSa *#*C / ¦¦ > •--..'•. /r . complete tet only $5*32
with handle _ and stand ?'f9G J . , \ ; A offer these extraor- 4 .p lece TeaSet-Consatingof Tea Pot, Sugar
Fancy Cake Baskets, 4 E? % ''terrSs^^ki/^l^- -^ a/fei _-^*^ A. A dinary CUt prices. Bowl, Creamer and Spoon Holder, a fcney
more elaborate patterns * •*? 3^^ embci ed dsiign, rery rich .... $8*15
Waiteri or Trays -with open work borders— M-m^W'%P S h Butter Dish to match {£*} CS CZ
6 inch 69C 12 i,,ch $1.87 \lfKKrl5wW ? above sc£ %PmmM*J&
,o,nch $%38 H inch $2.36 <C2fk>> ™* Di.hes-Lik= illusion, with fancy
Quadruple Phtcd Shaving S:t, consisting of s^sS&gJ ' **%*?£&' W '^Tf ":, I^Bxi colored glass diih, largs attractive sUver frame,
handsome cup and brush $1.68 V^M Uli ;Ct *$PJRV only §3.62
Sale Remnants New Frontings
One-Quarter Off Silks and Dress Goods Big Special Sale To-Day and Thursday
The month s accumulation of Silk and Dress Goods Rrmnants on special A manufacturer's sample line of chiffon and taffeta silk allovers, cut just the
sa'e to-day and Thursday at one-quarter off the already reduced remnant right lengths for dress fronts, no two of them alike — some of them chiffon
pricej. Thire is a very large and choice collection of silk-remnants this time frontings with pleated juby trimming, others with pleated Honiton Braid,
— the new p'ain and fancy weaves, and also many short lengths of black si ks. fancy hemstitching and briar stitching, in fact ¦ beautiful assortment in
The Dres* Goods include Sergts, Cheviots, Prunellas,. A'batross, Mixed Suit- white, black, cream and taps, worth 65c to $1.25 each, your f^f^ irb
ings, etc., in lengths from 3 to 7 yards, both black end colors. . choice to-day and Thursday, any one in the lot for &&C
5Oc Underwear 32c Fail Millinery Papier Marine'
Y New Fall Goods at Many More Novelties In TraVS
AbDUt Half Heal Worth We are prepared to show you the neweit and most-in- **\
A new lot of Ladies' Jersey ribbed underwear demand Pans and New York styles in Fall Millinery. If Att intpOftBt* S SsOCSf
in fall weight that has just arrived from- New- you arc ready for an. early Fall Dre« Hit we .have an Qg% Sale To-Day and Thursday
York, en special sa'e to-day and extensive line from which to make selection. % Among \v e closed out this big lot of very sightly trays
Thursday, per garment *9mZ& in var5ouj siz «' at /^ hehw iheir actual value-
These Vests and Pants are combed, Egyptian — . \ There are both oval and round shape3, with fancy
- Fieeced lined cotton in ecru color — thc best jifS**^'. S s~\ Jfik <^^^^^W)^^m^^^l S^ c » Persian and floral decorations — they are
finished, neatly- trimmed, and have never f^^^^^^^^M\ r<^^^^^ir iight, strong and durable, suitable for serving trays
been sold less than fity cents thc garment. K^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^f )^^^^^f^ ' n n ' n S room or *' c^ roorn « * or carc * tra >' s or
————¦"¦ ™™ — — — ¦ _____ _____ 1^55§E*£2pi**5^ *v~> jk \ 3 '^ttl!&rR$t' '^q uor scts » anc * are noiseless when compared with
Sale Men's^ Suits *jp i^- WSlniir thc mcuI trays *
C"«a## fO/IO G4mmf**** A.^/ 1 ffi-^*i^ \rZ\^iil^^ 25c Trajrt, in assorted design* . . . . #4o
rasi e&lsj styles -»w/!a ;d£»4^8fes. * ce Tn v> ' m *« ortci *«**»• •• -2*0
WcHh $12. 5O tO $2O J&rZ^^ A^/l;\ 75C Embcsscdgold figured Trays. .. 4Qo
-# ii>## =V» (jj-'"^*^ '' ! "?T- k> $1.00 Psrilan design Trays, oval 17-in. 67 O
Now $9m5{j anu $11.50 - '¦ '}•.•.-*. ¦ _____________________________________
These are absolutely new Fall Goods cut in these we are showing the popular Gainsborough Hat, —$/ OQ BOOtfS 29c
thc fashions that men will wear during _the made of ve' vet, faced with Astrakan, finished with a pair ...,.,«,_ ju uu
coming season; in other words next season', of large wings, at $7.5O. Many other stylishly American Pure Food Cook BooK and Household
6 -it . . c - l • j t ¦-¦'•¦ v - . 7 **jq «%f- j. aac Economist — one of the best cook books pub-
garments at special sale a month before the trimmed hats at prices ranging from $4.95 to 925 jj he£ j w d an( j Thur,cU y only 23c
Cheviot, Cassimere and Scotch Mixture _— ! *«*»**«* pubbshed, good cloth binding, instead of $1.00,
Suits, either tinge or double breasted sack Some NCW AiTiVaiS lil to-day and Thursday . . 29o
coat style, extra good value, '.,*». 50 and Ail-WOOt D^CSS GOOtfS 7"fl#» P A r/fpi*fi S^/#» ""
£15.00; sale price. . . . &QKSJ 38-in Scotch Tweeds, all wool ™ e POrtlCrC SalC
« ' « C i" ' " p« » ' iCw'c '^nTb; < •. ? 37- in Fancv Zibiiines, ail wool i £ff_TI--- lasts balance of week
l^ly^^giii^ 3 -in Hai/Line Stripe Cheviot 5OC gg PorUcrcs-S^. x 3 X^, p*. . $118
cheviots and cassimeres that were made to 36-m Snowflake Sackings very popular Y H. JWJ PortlC rcs-4^ «. * 3 ?£-. P»£ • SU88
pPy Ppi! * ? o.oo; your 4- Back Cheviot, special v.ue J£5E=".^^S£§i
choure during this sale only gjj « fl 4 ,.,n Scotch Tiveed Sumng \ gg SSSSto hJj tajerrle,, pi.. *$3%8
at . <P> B Baxgjr^ff 42-m silver finished Zibi.inc j «"J ££&% 57-00 Portieres- Mcrc^rizrd imitation silk, pair S4.88
Men's $3.00 Trovsers— New fall patterns, well 5 2 -in Granite— an extra value \- a %J%M nv _________________________________.
made and perfect fitting; during this sale, 40-in Crepe, new colors | yd. ' &1.25 HOSB SUjODOffSrS
palr - ••••-••••• $1.95 -44-" voile black and colors J To-Day and Thursday 59c
fr&orfiP^JtT/znif GAfn d^*O B B" _f «5*#1 Genuine Foster Hose Supporters — satin pad, silk
' fUf^MffJf&U £Ptfff- f £? £$?%< *P* 'M Hi BGtS 0«yO elastic straps, all sizes, color* cardinal, larender
Three small iots of cjrpct, of which we- have* - ;." jsP&^|||r. Wednesday and Thursday if quantity or. gold, thc genuine Foster X L brand, sold
only a few patterns of each line lc t, arc j/^wf^^M * asts ' 1<^' cs ' comfortable black felt at $ 1 . 2 5 pair, Wednesday and Thursday 59o
marked for this week only at. the following J§M^^^ Juliets, fur trimmed and fe't lined, .
deepj cut: prices to close them out. The low heels, flexible soles, ' GrOCBfSCS Bild Lit/UOrS
prices quoted include lining and laying. 6 all sum; P =r paV ....... G9C To-Day and Thursday Only
pa-.tcrns best quality Wilton Velvets, regu- ... Lenox Soap - Proctor & Gamble's, 1 5 ban. . . . .SOo
larly £1.75 a yard, thb £jp» -r ++> <y ... <fr_^*PB> _T2T^ Holland Herring— Mixed roe and -mUts, keg . . . SOo
week. . <^#_'«3F# •JL&' yy* f * Fancy Rice— Carolina hrad, 3 lbs. . . ...... . . 25c
iarly p. 10 a yard, tnis week . . {%JW^ Ml M <-^*->^ MM**] IS %• ft^yy^lL-. Zinfandel or Burgundy — Eitra dinner wmet, gaL . . 58 C
..... «3 f -V'fi«r CALIFORNIA s LARGEST- >lffi^mi^" "" White Label .'tout— McMullin's.dozen $1,9O
6 patterns Tapestry Brussels Carpets, E£P£a* -^fflf^SS^^AMEmcA'S grandest store, 0Id Crow Whiskev-Regularly 5.1.00 gallon, for the two
regularly 65c and 75c th: yard, this week %*%*** +*~— days, ga'Jon, $3»-»5, t»ttle 82O
The Emporium belongs to no Furniture or Special Sale Goods ordered by mail Port or Sherry— Gxsd ordinary, 5 bottles. . . . .$t.OO
Carpet Combine; we make our own prices. or telephone will not be sent C. O. D. Apricot Brandy— After dinner cordial, bottle SSo
«a'+'+AWA'4*+"A"*A*A*:*'AAAA-*'A\* •«**«;*» A A * <X *A AA<l*A* A*AA<XA IWA-' ;* '*'* ****** 4AAAAA W<^y4ailw<»W^^^^
'advertisements.
g He*Ty Tempered Itttl Springs— Tear Col- §
A . or»— Noll on Eoth Sidei ¦¦
a REG. $13.50 dj^y CZf\ I
I THIS WEEK...tJ) i*uU 1
¦ We are complete home' furnishers— -ho- -¦
H tels, flats or country houses. . Estl- ft .
J mates iriven. Free delivery within ¦
I T\ BRILL I ANT I
I FURNITURE CO., I\
. 1 338 to*342 Post 8ti . I •
ADVERTISEMENTS.
PAPA-Oh. what a pain! I believe I have a fever In the heart. . 658
MAMMA— Nonsense, it isn't your heart, it's your stomach. Every time you eat,
this hot -weather, you ©et a sour stomach full of hot gases and acids, and you
swell up until your heart hardly has room to beat. If you # -were not bo obstin-
ate, you'd take my advice and keep your Insides cool by taking a CASCAEET
Caady Cathartic every night before going to bed. They work while you sleep :
and keep you regular In the hottest weather.
ADVERTIMMENT^
let, maroon and white, Fi \ ¦ »^«A*««Mw.wiii'iJuiig«sm«re
royal amf scarlet, etc.; the mixed colors are gray, red.,
navy and black with any two of the colors combined.
The sweaters r would be good at any price and are
particularly- good at their selling price.
Out-of-town orders Wed— write us.
740 Market StreetThe Superior Court has decided that civil service
papers in local examinations are not public docu
ments. It is a consolation to know that our courts
are ready to protect us from what case after case
have proved to be dishonest records, which preserve
only the craft and cunning of political sharpers and
the success of dishonesty in competition with de
cency. We have enough crooked public records
without adding these. -
The wild man of Borneo has been the subject of
General Wood's critical military and educational in
spection. The general has submitted the methods of
British ; treatment ; to careful analysis and will apply
them cautiously to the •inhabitants of the Jolo archi
pelago. It is significant and encouraging, for the
American people think much of General Wood, that
he-has surrounded himself with a formidable military
escort. One never can tell how; our proteges will ac
cept our good advice.
DURING the recent convention of the Inter
national Typographical Union in Washing
ton City several of Mr. William Randolph
Hearst's employes appeared and steered an anti
trust meeting in one of the theaters. The affair, had
a distinct campaign air. There were red lights,
transparencies, brass bands and Henry George Jr.
The occasion was not tumultuous, but it is the silly
season and Washington is dull and even a poSr brass
band is attractive. The purpose of it all was soon
disclosed in the booming of William Randolph
Hearst for the Presidency as a trust buster. In the
speeches and resolutions President Roosevelt was at
tacked, defamed and belied in the most approved
and yellow way.
The next morning the New York Sun (trust
organ) appeared with a leading editorial explaining
that the Democrats have a chance to succeed next
year because Roosevelt's enforcement of the anti
trust laws has won him the enmity and opposition
of combined capital. This editorial closed with this
sentence: "All the world knows that the great
prosperity continued in the United States till Presi
dent Roosevelt began, a year ago, his New" England
speech-making against capital organized by its own
ers to promote American industries."
There you have it,' men and countrymen. The
trusts want hard times that they may lay the re
sponsibility at the President's door because he en
forced the law, and the boomers of William Randolph
Hearst want hard 'times that they may lay the re
sponsibility uponthe President because he did not
enforce the law! As worthy alliance of unworthies
as ever tried to fool the people. .
ROOSEVELT AND THE TRUSTS.
California, by authority of Washington officials,
will soon be the seed ground for all the United
States, the great depot from which all that is best
in American agriculture will issue. This is a triumph
in material progress and prosperity of which we are
justly proud, for we have rightly earned it.
DESPITE the attacks made upon him by a dis
contented class of negroes, Booker Washing
ton continues to hold the first place among
those to whom the more thrifty and wiser negroes
turn for advice and counsel. At the recent convention
of "The National Negro Business Men's League" at
Nashville he was the principal speaker and was re
ceived with an earnestness which must have more
than compensated him for the harsh treatment he
received from some of his race on his recent visit
to Boston.
It is worth noting as an evidence of the better sen
timent with respect to the negro which prevails in
the South that the convention was held at the State
Capitol upon an invitation given by the Legislature.
As the Legislature is composed almost wholly, of
whites, the giving of the invitation is a proof that the
rabid hostility expressed by Senator Tillman and a
few other politicians does not truly represent South
ern sentiment, at least so far as the negro worker and
business men are concerned.
Washington of course repeated his well-known
counsel of work ajjd patience as the only means of
solving the problem of the negro in the United
States. In the course of his address he said: "We
shall succeed in winning our way into the confidence
and esteem of the American people just in propor
tion as we show ourselves valuable to the community
in which we live, in all the common industries, in
commerce, in the welfare of the State and in the
manifestation of the highest character. The commu
ity does not fear as a rule the vote of the man, no
matter what his color, who is a large taxpayer. It
is not the negro who owns a successful business or
works at a trade who is charged with crime. While
we are in many cases surrounded with disadvantages,
when we compare our condition and opportunities
with those of the Jews in many parts of Europe, it
is easy to see that almost every opportunity denied
the Jews is open to us. The greater the difficulties to
be overcome, the more strength we shall gain by
succeeding. Every house owned, every farm well cul
tivated and every bai.-k account, every store, every
tax receipt we possess, is one influence which will
operate tremendously in our favor."
The statement that the negro in the South, despite
all. the disadvantages under which he labors, is better
off than the peasants and Jews in many countries of
Europe is fully justified by the facts. There are no
limitations put upon the negro in the South as a
worker and as a property-owner, and as land is cheap
and opportunities for work abundant, even though
wages are small, the more thrifty among the negroes
are prospering. Starting without an acre of land,
THE NEGRO IN BUSINESS.
San Francisco is being entertained by the specta
cle of two "beauty doctors," lost to. the natural sense
of self-preser\-ation. righting out their claims in a
court of justice. They are seeking what inevitably
one would expect them to shun— public inspection.
It may be assumed that' neither will exhibit his or
her face as an exhibit of the success of his "beauty"
treatment.
plighted their vows. The Rev. Father
Welch performed the ceremony at 10
o'clock, which was followed by a high
mass. The color scheme of the wedding
was pink and green. Amaryllis and foli
age were effectively arranged In the
church for decoration. Dr. H. J. Stewart
was in charge of the music and a full
choir was in attendance.
At the appointed hour to the strains of
"O Promise Me," the bridal party pro
ceeded up the aisle. Miss Elizabeth
Dufflcy, first bridesmaid, a sister of the
groom, was gowned in pink crepe de
chine, pink hat with plumes and carried
pink roses.
Another sister of the groom. Miss
Alicia Duffiey, wore light green crepe de
chine with hat of the same color and
carried a shower bouquet of white roses.
The maid of honor, Miss Mildred Ward,
•who was the bride's sister, wore a pretty
pink chiffon gown and hat. She carried
an armful of maidenhair ferns.
Next came the bride on the arm of her
father. She was charming in a gown of
point d'esprit lace over chiffon and satin,
with garniture of white silk applique lace,
chifTon and pearls. A long tulle veil was
fastened in the hair without -ornaments.
She carried a shower bouquet of lilies of
the valley. The bride's mother wore black
net over silk. v;
Eighty guests attended the breakfast at
the house after the ceremony. The decor
ations were pink carnations and amaryl
lis.
Mr. and Mrs. Dufflcy will sail for Japan
to-day on the Maru. After a three
months' absence they will reside in this
city, .where the groom has a position In
the Custom House.
The bride is a daughter of Mr. and Mrs.
M J. Ward at 2412 Clay street. The
groom is a son of Judge and Mrs. Dufflcy
of San Rafael.
• • - •
Mrs. Philip Worcester was guest of
honor at a small informal tea given by
Mrs. B. J. Hoffacker at her home on Pa
cific avenue yesterday afternoon. Mrs.
Worcester will leave to-morrow for New
York.
• • •
A number of distinguished guests were
tendered a dinner by Mr. W. A. Jacobs of
Thomas Post, G. A. R., and his wife, at
their home. 1715 Pacific avenue, on Sat
urday evening. Red, white and blue cut
flowers comprised the decorations and
minature canteens filled with candy were
given as favors. Covers were laid for
fourteen.
Among those present were General and
Mrs. Black of Chicago; General Torrence
of Minneapolis; Judge Collins of Minne
sota; Colonel Cutler, commander of
Thomas Post; Mr. and Mrs. Rolla D.
Watt; Mr. and Mrs. Fred Jacobs and
Frank Jacobs. .
• • ?
Mrs. Fred Jacobs wili leave here to-day
for the East, where she will remain for
two months. After visiting her mother
at Kansas City, Mrs. Jacobs will go to
several other points before returning to
San Francisco.
Mrs. Jacobs gave a farewell luncheon
on Thursday at her home, 1715 Pacific
avenue, entertaining a dozen of her
friends most hospitably. The table dec
orations were pink carnations, while yel
low blossoms decorated the drawing
room.
* ? ?
A very quiet marriage was celebrated
on Wednesday last when Miss Ethel May
Garratt became the Bride of Irving T.
Nixon. Rev. H. H. Bell performed the
ceremony. The bride was attended by her
former school friend, Mrs. Thomas Ma
hew, who was, before her marriage, Miss
Bessie Todd of Los Angeles. Dr. Jerome
Carroll was best man. A wedding break
fast followed the ceremony and the happy
couple left for the South, where they will
spend their honeymoon.
'Miss Lucie King is the guest of . Mrs.
Schwerin for a few days. ";.,' •
» * •
Miss Mary Josselyn has returned from
a visit to Mrs. Hatch at Honolulu."
General and Mrs. Coolidge have taken
an apartment on Van Ness avenue, near
Lombard street.
Calif ornians in Washington.
WASHINGTON, Augr. 25.— Arrivals: Ar
lington—W. A. Siming, San Bernardino;
New Willard— F. E. Wright, wife and
children, California. .I 1 ;!
A CORRESPONDENT of the New York Her
ald from the City of Mexico has furnished
that paper with an interesting explanation of
ihc political conditions which have led up to the re
nomination of Diaz and assured him another term
as President of the republic notwithstanding a sin
cere desire on his part to leave office and enjoy the
rest to which his long service entitles him. It ap
pears there is a factional struggle developing in the
republic, and were Diaz to retire now it would break
out at once.. . .
For some time past Diaz has been desirous of lay
ing dewn the burdens of government, and as a prepa
ration to that end had settled the succession for two
terms, arranging that Jose Ives Limantour should
succeed him and that Bernardo Reyes should follow
Limantour. The two leaders were aware of the
project of Diaz and were in full accord with it, but
'oices more powerful than they, and even more pow
erful than Di«7. himself, broke up the harmony be
tween them and compelled the re-election of Diaz
as the only means of keeping the republic at peace.
The disturbing forces have their 'seat among the
people themselves. A strong party supports Liman
tour, but is distrustful of Reyes, while a party that
is perhaps stronger still supports Reyes and is
distrittUul of Limantour. The differences of opinion
fundamental. Limantour is regarded as a rep
rts<-ntative of the property-holding class, while Reyes
is a representative of the masses, and while there is
friendship between the two men themselves there is
a rooted antagonism between their followers.
Limantour is of French parentage and was edu
cated in France, and that counts against him with
the Mexican people. He is a man of highly cultivated
mind, a deep student of finance, the possessor of
large wer.Jth and is in close touch with the business
interests of the country. The masses of the people
respect him, but they do not love him, for they do
not regard him as one of themselves. On the other
hand, Reyes is the favorite of the people and the
hero of the army. Mexican by birth and parentage,
he began his career as a boy of 16 by taking part
in the war against French domination. He rose from
the lowest to the highest rank in the army, and then
won laurels as Governor of Nuevo Leon. Thus he
has a good record both in war and in peace, but the
more conservative classes distrust him because they
are afraid of "militarism," of which he is supposed
to be the representative.
Commenting on the rivalry qf the two the Herald
correspondent says: "For many years theV personal
relaticns were entirely cordial and their political re
lations harmonior.s. Both were personal friends of
the "President and. both were heartily loyal to him,
personally and politically. There is no doubt that
botii were fully aware of his plans for the succession,
and there is no doubt that they acquiesced in them
:.nd honestly indorsed them. The rupture which was
precipitated was undoubtedly caused by the over
zealous activity of some of their individual partisans
and followers. As friends acting in concert they could
have carried out the plan of Diaz, continued his policy
and perhaps could have carried Mexico to a point
where her political footing would have been strong
and secure. As rivals for the Presidency their at
titude carries with it a menace even to the peace of
the country. There is no other candidate whose
claims command any serious consideration."
It is noted that in the recent national convention
which nominated Diaz for the seventh/ term one of
the speakers in advocating the re-election of the
President said: "If we are not to enjoy the privi
leges of republican institutions, let us be granted the
opportunities gi\*en by the Americans to the con
quered Filipinos. Let us be governed dictatorially,
but without militarism." The shot was aimed at
Reyes and the hit was recognized. The fact that it
was made is an evidence of the intensity of the feel
ings that have been developed among the partisans.
The outlook for Mexico is therefore by no means
encouraging. It appears that Diaz is the only man
who can hold the various classes of the people in or
der, and he is now an old man and cannot much
longer sustain the weight of government. When he
departs the critical hour will have come for Mexico,
and it behooves her patriots to prepare for it.
THE MEXICAN SHUATION
die -s^lllls|«6 <Itfrli.
WE DXESD AY AUGUST 26, 1903
•
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Propnctor^
ruiut AM tcmmunicctlons lo W. S. L^ A *^ E * -?°"^?fll
TELEPHONE.
Ask for THE CALL. The Operator Will Connect
You With the Department You Wish.
;»CBLICATIOX OFFICE.... Mnrltet and Third, S. F.
EDITORIAL. IIOOMS 217 to 221 Stevemon St.
Delivered by Carriers, 20 Cts. Per Week, 75 Cts.
Per Month. Single Copies 5 Cents.
Terms by Mail. Including Postage (Cash With Order):
DAILY CALL (including Sunday), one year. ?"«•»
DAILY CALL (Including Sunday). 6 months •*•««
DAILY CALL— By Single Month. ;/*»«
61'XDAY CALL. One Year -•**'
WEEKLY CALL. One Year •• _ !
f Dally. . . f 8.SO Per Year Extra
FOREIGN POSTAGE i Funday.. 4.J5 Per Year Extra
I Weekly.. l.OO Per Year Extra
All roitmaMrri nre nnthorixed to receive
•ubacrlptlons.
Sample copies will be forwarded when requested.
Mail subscribers In ordering change of address should be
particular to give both NEW AND OLD ADDRESS In order
to Insure a prompt and correct compliance with their request.
OAKLAND OFFICE.
1118 Ilroadway Telephone Main 1083
BEltKELEV OFFICE.
2148 Centfr Street Telephone North 7T
C. GEOIIGE KIIOGXESS, Manacrer Foreign Adver
ttftlnjc, Marqnette llnlldlnpr, ChlcaRO.
. (Long Distance Telephone "Central 2619.")
WASHINGTON CORRESPONDENT:
MORTOX E. CRANE. ...... . 14OG G Street, JT. W.
NEW YORK REPRESENTATIVE:
STEPHEN II. SMITH 30 Tribune Daildlng
DRANCII OFFICES— 527 Montgomery, corner of Clay, open
until 9:30 o'clock. 300 Hayes, op«n until 9:30 o'clock. 633
McAllister, open until »:3O o'clock. 615 Larkln, open until
»:30 o" clock. 1941 Mission, open until 10 o'clock. 2261
Market, corner Sixteenth, open until 0 o'clock. 1090 Va
lencia, "open until 9 o'clock. 106 Eleventh, open until 9
o'clock. NW. corner Twenty-second and Kentucky, open
until » o'clock. 22O0 Fillmore, open until 9 p. m.
SOME CLEVER MEMBERS OF
THE POLLARD LILLIPUTIAN
OPERA COMPANY. '
than 20,000 persons, nearly all being from
the Eastern States, visited the perma
nent exhibition of the State Board of
Trade in the ferry building during the
Grand Army encampment in this city
and registered their names. A large ad
vantage is expected to be derived •from
what the visitors from the East saw and
learned through the agency of the board."
Manager Filcher's report is in part u fol
lows: ¦-•'¦* '¦¦'£¦¦
A very large proportion of this number were
strangers, and after seeing' the exhibits nearly
all of them were eager for literature descrip
tive of the State or the counties that produceJ
the interesting products. Some few were con
tent with one descriptive pamphlet. while
others de»lred samples of every publication
available. In this way there was handed out
to the visitors during the week from th<s
State Board of Trade's liteTary bureau about
CO.CHX) pieces of literature descriptive of Cali
fornia or some portion thereof. It Is fair to
presume that this literature will nearly all b«
carried back to Eastern homes, where It will
be read and absorbed and passed around and
read again and become a great agency in fur
ther Instructing the Inquiring world regarding
the industrial conditions and opportunities In
this State. It is believed that one of • tha
greatest benefits that will result to California
by reason of the holding of the • encampment
of the Grand Army of the Republic - In thu
city will come to California, through this
aj?rncy. The State Board of Trade's extensive
exMbtt. which Is open to visitors all the time
and which stands as an object lesson of the
rich resources of the State, never demonstra
ted the wisdom of Us maintenance and ltd
benefit to the community more forcibly than
during the Grand Army Encampment last
week.
THOSE very clever and entertain
ing: little folk, known as the Pol
lard Llllputlan Opera Company,
are once more* back in the city
after an extensive tour of Austra
lia and the Orient and, with all the vital
ity which travel and success £ives, will
renew their acquaintance with the San
Francisco public, "with whom the Lillipu
tians became favorites about a year and
a half ago.
The frisky young people with all their
ardor and humor and .good voices are
this time to be heard at the Grand Opera
House, where they 1 will begin a four
weeks' engagement next Sunday night,
appearing in one of the best "of musical
comedies, "The Belle of New York."
Daphne Pollard, the juvenile soubrette
who astonished the city when last here,
still heads the company and the prlma
donnas are little Misses Alice Pollard and
Eva Moore, while one of the great and
essential features of the performances
of the Pallard organization will be found
in the well trained and evenly balanced
juvenile chorus.
. As for the "Belle of New York" per
haps there has never been a musical com
edy that has better held the favor of the
ater goers, but even at that the manage
ment promises that new specialty features
have been added and some new songs will
be sung.
It is also promised that the production
is to be on an elaborate scale, new scen
ery and costumes having been prepared
for the occasion of the reopening at the
Grand.
Heywood's "Will Is Probated.
The will of Franklin Heywood. the lum
berman, who committed suicide July- 29,
was admitted to probate by Judge Troutt
yesterday. It was expected that the wid
ow of the deceased, from whom he ha(^
been separated many years, would oppose
the admittance of the document, but she
made no appearance. £ V :
Excursion Proves a Success.
The traffic department of the Southern
Pacific Company i3 highly gratified at the
result of its special Grand Army excur-.
sion to Los Angeles. The low rate of
$10 for the round trip was made, and 263
persons left yesterday morning at .7 o'clock
for Los Angeles.
Petitions in Insolvency.
Petitions in Insolvency were Hied yester
day in the United States District Court
as follows: C. E. Spencer, solicitor. Sac
ramento, liabilities $1125. no assets: E.
Anderson hotel-keeper, Jackson, liabili
ties $3723.' assets $3029.
Special Information supplied dally to
business houses and public men by tb«
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's>. 230 Cali
fornia street. Telephone Main 1042. .»•'
Of Cleveland he had less to say, we know not why,
but probably because he felt the lack of a language
equal to his feelings. At any rate he appears at that
point to have retired into the inner recesses of the
Manhattan Club to amuse himself by contemplating
the "moral currents" that are bearing Democracy on
ward to power and the offices.
It may be that the colonel felt the need of a
thirst, but that is doubtful. For many a glorious year
his thirst has been one of the wonders of Kentucky,
and whether clamoring for red liquor or for gore he
has shown an unweariable and unfailing desire for
more. No one ever saw him full— nor, indeed, did
any one ever see him empty. Therefore it is strange
he should seek recreation, retirement, rest and
amusement during the dogs days at the Manhattan
Club in New York when every one else is out of
town.
The drinks of the summer in New York have given
the colonel a strange power to see things, and he an
nounces that from his point of view he sees signs of
a Democratic victory in the Presidential contest next
year. Thus he declares himself in an interview: "Mr.
Roosevelt has played a clever hand and will probably
get his nomination to lose the election. All the
moral currents and many physical signs and portents
seem setting against the Republicans, so that if the
Democrats be not wholly bereft both of sense and
fortune they will come back to power in 1904 by an
impulse as mighty as that of 1892 and much more dis
cernib'e, for nobody could force the Homestead
riots, while even now the handwriting on the walls
of Wall street is visible to the naked eye." «
Having declared these physical signs and portents
to be visible to the naked eye. Colonel Watterson did
not undertake to describe them, but went on to talk
of possibilities that the Democratic party might after
all be "bereft of both sense and fortune" next year.
The menace comes from the East and from the West.
Cleveland leads one senseless gang and Bryan leads
the other. Watterson preferred to use a •different
metaphor and to speak of the leaders of the rival
factions as an upper and a nether millstone, grinding
Democracy to pieces between them. However, he has
hopes of getting' rid of Bryan, for he says: "Mr.
Bryan is killing himself as a public force as fast and
as surely as his enemies could wish. If he goes on as
he seems bent upon going he will become the merest
agitator and claimant, at once impotent and vindic
tive. He will-not carry a corporal's guard with him
into the next convention, and when he bolts — as he
will — there will be few or none to follow him."
A DISPATCH from New,York says: "Colonel
Henry Watterson is spending his summer vaca
tion at the Manhattan Club in this city." Surely
that is a queer place to spend a summer vacation. The
colonel must be in training for Hades. Even New
Yorkers, to the climate born and to the weather bred,
get out of the big city and away from the clubs in the
summer time; and one would suppose that a rural
rooster brought up amid the bucolic delights of
Kentucky, where the dew is on the blue grass and the
bloom is on the rye all the year round, where the
watermelon ripens and the native drinks are full of re
freshment for the body and the soul, wbuhi seek a
vacation among the woodland haunts or the bowered
gardens of. his native State rather than fly to the
torrid metropolis, where the days are sweltering and
the nights are humid," where a man can find nothing
except a thirst.
WATTERSON'iS VACATION TALK
St. Dominic's Church was thronged with
invited guests yesterday morning' when
Miss Irene Ward and Charles M. Dufflcy
A report has bfeen submitted by J. A.
Filcher. manager of the California State
Board of Trade, which shows that more
ST. DOMINIC'S
CHURCH SCENE
OF WEDDING
Reports of outrages, robberies and various depre
dations committed in the interior of the State by
mysterious criminals are almost of daily report. They
serve to remind us that several escaped convicts, as
savage as beasts of the forests, are abroad in the
land and that the post-mortem examination and dis
cussion of the prison break at Folsom is very largely
in the nature of a farce. We want less to know how
the break happened than to know-how it may be re
paired. ¦
THOUSANDS VIEW
THE PRODUCTS
OF CALIFORNIA
Neglect of this precaution has led, everywhere, to
an increase in municipal indebtedness and to a rate of
taxation out of proportion to the benefits received by
the taxpayer.
All of this applies equally to San Francisco in the
embarkation upon public ownership provided for in
the charter, but it is likely to receive less considera
tion here than it will get in Oakland, where there is
more concentration of thought upon public matters
and where a calmer consideration may be given to the
grave issues involved in starting out upon a novel
policy. Therefore we are confident that Oakland will
insist upon providing that her proposed water plant
shall carry its first cost, and all of the incidents of ex
pense in its administration, and be run upon business
principles. That city will then have established a new
base line and set a needed example.
Oakland, proposing to start in, with a clear field,
has the opportunity to start right in an experiment,
guided by the extended experience of others and the
ripest conclusions of students of the subject. In
every city owning a water plant the failure to make
that right start has proved to be the weak place in
the policy. It has led to waste, to criminal favoritism,
to every vice possible in public accounting, and
seems, indeed, the parent of all the evils that have
beset the victims of deficient foresight.
T N one form in this city, and in another and more
[ I typical form in Oakland, it is proposed to issue
i •*• bonds to a large amount for the purchase or cre
ation of public utilities. In Oakland an issue >s pro
posed to acquire a municipal water supply. As this
was the primary form in which municipalities em
barked in business in competition with individuals, "it
affords means of comparison and a length of expe
rience on which to base conclusions.
The experience of every city in the United States
which owns waterworks marks out plainly one
thing, which wise taxpayers must insist upon as a
condition absolute and imperative. All cities that
have neglected it have had occasion to keenly regret
the oversight, and to accuse themselves of neglect
when it was too late. Every such bond issue for
waterworks as is proposed in Oakland^ should be
voted down and voted down, until it is provided that
the income of the public water plant shall pay 'the
bonds and interest, the cost of maintenance, repair,
enlargement, extension and administration. Unless
this is done a lien upon the general funds of the city
is created and the worst possible results follow. The
policy of public ownership is bound to ferment its
way to a conclusion, and unless this precaution is
taken- at the start cities will find their funds burdened
and their taxing power exhausted in supporting va
rious business plants, so that nothing is left for the
essential objects of government.
Again, it is settled by all students of the subject,
and among them some of the strongest advocates of
public ownership of business plants, that to put the
burden, wholly or in part, no matter how small, upon
the general funds, is unjust to the taxpayer who does
not need the utility — it is, in fact, confiscation of his
property to the extent to which such tax takes it
from him. So it is agreed that each plant in public
ownership should stand on its own bottom. A further
examination of the matter demonstrates that in Amer
ican cities this is the only possible plan by which it
may be hoped to secure a proper business adminis
tration of a public plant. It will be administered then
just as a private corporation would administer it, leav
ing out the item of profit. The water plant requiring
so much each year for sinking fund and interest on
its bond account, so much for maintenance and ex
tension, and so much for salaries and wages and to
offset deterioration, these items fix automatically the
charge to the ratepayers, and so when charged the
general fund is left free for the essential purposes of
government.
without a dollar, without experience in the responsi
bilities of freedom, .the. race as a whole has made a
notable advance in the accumulation of property, and
some of the abler men have become wealthy; Along
those" lines, then, the negro can hope to advance to
?. position of power in the community that will enable
him to command a respect for his rights of all kinds.
PUBLIC UTILITY BONDS.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, AUGUST 26v 1903.
LITTLE SINGERS AND ACTORS RETURN
TO CITY AFTER AN EXTENSIVE TRIP
6
NEW ADVERTISEMENTS.
THE DOCTOBS AGREE.
Two Physicians Both Agree on the
New Scientific Dandruff Treatment.
D. J. M. Powell, of Spokane, "Wash.,
says: "Herpicido has given good satis-
faction In my family for dandruff."
Dr. W. G. Alban, of Walla Walla,
Wash says: "I find Herpicide all that
is claimed for it as a dandruff cure. I
shall prescribe it." Dandruff is a germ
disease and you can't cure It unless you
kill the dandruff germ; and you can't do
that-unless you use Newbro's Herpicide;
the only preparation in the world that
destroys the parasites.. A delightful hair
dressing; allays itching instantly: makes
hair glossy and soft as silk. It is a sure
dandruff ¦ destroyer. Sold by leading
druggists. Send 10c in stamps for sam-
ple to . The : Herpiclde Co., Detroit, Mich.
CASTOR I A
For (Infants and Children.
the Kind You Have Always Bought
Bears tha \SDji ¦ " s/^^F^^^^ m '
. Townsend's California glace fruits and
candles, 60c a pound. In artistic fire-
etched boxes. A nice present for Eastern
friends. 715 Market St.. above Call bids. •
THE MAN YOU LOVE. |
IT has been said repeatedly that any woman, who is not positively S
deformed, can, with tact and delicacy, win any man she sets her heart S
upon, buty-can she? How many women have smilingly accepted g
the compliment of the assertion in public, only to ponder the ques- g
tion anxiously, oft times hopelessly, in the privacy of the boudoir. S ¦
What an old, old. problem it is, to be sure, but oh, how appallingly 8
new to most of the jjentler sex who will read these lines. Matrimony S
—the right man — a comfortable, happy home. It is the one great orob- g
lem of a woman's life from the cradle to the grave. They are the ideals «
that women have always cherished, always will. And how many, or o
rather, how few, realize their ideals. g
It is a problem that few men can understand, or, worst of all. ever g
try to understand. Man. with his lordly assumption of all the preroe- .«
atives of life worth havinsr. may woo and win where and when he list- S
eth. But to woman — passive, receptive woman — what is given? She 8
must wait her lover's cominsr. She may not seek, as man does, that which o
pleases her most. And out of the lovers who choose to woo she must o
make what poor selection is afforded her, and, burying the ideal, trive all 5
the fluttering, clinjdng: hope of the future to shaping the real into «
something akin" to the srod of her dreams. o
And in this world of sham and s^iow. of the mad chase for wealth. J*
the problem has become vastly more vexatious than it ever was before. «
Even though it has been lone accepted as somethine akin to a ioke. it §
happens all too often in real life that she loves the poor man. and must «
rhoose between him and a wealthier though less undesirable suitor. S
Perverse woman, say the knowing and the worldly; but only the eirl g
who has been confronted with su r h a problem can realize the heartburn- §
inp. the sublime emotional tracredy of it all. Whichever way she chooses £• ¦
some great part of the ideal is shattered and — what then? g
Every woman who reads is s«kine the answer to iust such a ques- ' g
tion. Just a few of thnse who w r '"te have tried to answer it for her. g
Such a one is the "Half-Hour-Storiette" in the next Sunday Call, en- §
titled "When Jabberwock Rode." Curious title, isn't it? Well, it is a O
curious story, and one that an<we rs the nroblem as— well, read it and S
see if you would answer it that wav. If you are a woman it is ten g
chances to one you would or — would you? §
Perhaps, after all. vou wouldn't, for th<-re is another storv that solve* §
the riddle in a'different wav. It is called "Barwixt Dad nnd Toe." but Q
the problem before the eirl is not exactlv what you would infer from p
that title— indeed not by a erea* deal. Nor can you euess what man- «
ner of finesse she used to br?TT» about a happy eidine— the o«lv sort an S
. ardent eirl will ever accent. Still another is "Under the Car of the g
Juggernaut." but the eirl in this storv dM not have th-'nes as much her O
own way as you mieht think «hf did from such a title. Or does that 5£
title convey as clear a conrent' nn °f wr »at a retmrVabTe storv this is §
as a well selected title should? You'll be ? We »o decide that question. £
best for yourself wVn von read "U the bright, clever, uo-to-rfate stories
on tV«? two "Hr*lf-Hour-Stori«*tt'«" P*ees in the next Sunday Call. i§
Then, to b«? sure, there is th e second installment of "Brewster*s C>
Millions" wVi'ch eoes far toward elearine the' mystenr of how he S
spent one million a vear to mike si* more. vou think it is the §
easie«t^ thine. iri the world to spe"d a million" a ynr. ee* vour monev'j o
worth, and yet rnve nothtne to 'how for " \* at the m<\ of that time, g
you'll find valuable info»rnitJort '" the ne-rr Stin^ay Call. , S
You'll find also "A P-H Hn?-^ CvryiA" hv Henry \V*1'"ce PniTTms: §
"The Etiowette of the Hostess" by Ma^ey ¦ M^orr. tbr San Franr'seo g
seatmn who has iust broueht ? treat «h''p safely into tnrhor' bv rid : ncr g
the, broken rudder i« a srorrri U^e a tnmn on a f>riV--r»eim. "OM g
Goreon Graham's Alnhabet." w^MT" the fwmest tMnc vou ev^r «»w. <5
exrent perhans the "Wonderful K«'nedom of Wonderful Thin es." which S
reallv is a full oaire of soTnerh?««r new unrfer the stm. 8
* But what is the use of telline you any more. Vou will se* all this -q
for your«elf. and much more, very mnrh more, besides in the next ft
Sunday Call, that is if you ¦ care anything at all about snappy, brilliant SDISTINGUISHED SYMPHONY LEADER WHO ENTERTAINED A GREAT
AND APPRECIATIVE GATHERING OF MUSIC LOVERS IN THE
GRAND OPERA-HOUSE YESTERDAY AFTERNOON.
THANKS ST. ANDREWS SOCIETY.— At
the weekly meeting of the St Andrew's So
ciety a letter was read from Sir Colin Scott
Monerieff thanking the members for their
hospitality to him when he was in this city
several weeks mgo. Sir Colin Is en route to
his home in London after a long soourn In
the Orient.
Shortly after 4 o'clock yesterday after
noon the sudden burning out of a fuse on
a Flllmore-street car so frightened Mrs.
F. E. Buckland j that she sprang from her
seat on the car to the street' while the car
was still in motion and suffered a lacera
tion of the .left eye, bruises on the left
arm and a severe nervous shock. After
being cared for in a nearby drug store she
was removed to her apartments at 2460
Washington street.
Jumps From Car and Is Injured.
Our $12 gaa range will save your temper
and keep your kitchen cool and comfort
able. San Francisco Gas & Electric Co. •
/ Y. M. I. ENTERTAINMENT.— Phil Sherl
tian Council, T. M. I., will slvo an entertain
ment and dance for the benefit of the Land
marks League at Mangle's Hall. Folsom and
Twenty- fourth streets, next Friday evento*.
Many of the best-known entertainers la the
city will appear.
Helen Henk has sued Fumard Bertln
In the Justices' Court to recover $60 dam
ages alleged to have been sustained by
reason of the spoiling of a silk dresa
which the plaintiff left with, tho defend
ant to be dyed. The complaint alleges
that as a result of the dyeing the dresa
became unfit to be worn.
Says Ihress Was Ruined by Dyeing.
Justice of the Peace Percy V. Long, an
attorney for the. absent heirs of the late
Caroline E. Co'gswell, secured an order
from Judge Troutt yesterday directing
those interested in Mrs. Cogswell's estate
to appear; Friday, September 4, and show
cause why his glients should not be re
leased, from the payment of the collateral
inheritance tax. He claims that he is en
titled to the release under the recent deci
sion'of the Supreme, Court. Long repre
sents the Garrett Biblical Institute, the
town of Orwell. N. Y., and the town of
Central Falls. R. I. •
Objects to Paying . Tax.
The usual defective eas key and poor
municipal regulations were the cause of
the death by suffocation of Dewitt T.
Archer in a room at 62 Ellis street last
Monday night. Archer was a rancher 78
years of age, and came to this city' last
Monday from his home near Lompoc with
his- son. T. R. \Archer. The pair were
assigned to rooms on the top floor, that
given to the old man being about eight
feet wide by eight feet long. The son
and a friend went to -the room of the
decedent at half-past 9 o'clock yesterday
morning and found him dead in his bed,
with illuminating gas escaping, from a
bracket, the key of which was partly
open. Deputy Coroner Meehan found
that the kev was loose and in bad order,
and that Archer in turning off the gas
had turned it on again unthinkingly.
Archer leaves a widow at Lompoc.
DEFECTIVE GAS KEY
CAUSES DEATH OF RANCHER
Farmer Archer of Lompoc Is Suffo
cated While Asleep in a
Lodging-House.
The fourth annual convention of the
California Creamery Operators' Associa
tion will be held at the State Fair Pavil
ion at Sacramento on September 10 and
11. A programme of exercises has been
prepared. Papers will be read by E. H.
Zimmer of Watsonville Henry F. Lyon
of Alameda. Peter J. Shields, president
of the California Dairy Association; Pro
fessor W. L. Carlyle of Fort Collins.
Colo.; George G. Knox of Sacramento,
M. W. Stenger of San Francisco, E. H.
Hageman of Fresno, Thomas Hodge of
San Francisco. Dr. A. R. Ward of the
University of California, Professor E. W.
Major of the University of California and
H. P. Glasier or Oakland. An annual
report will be read by Secretary William
H. Saylor of San Francisco.
In addition to those named many others
are to take part in the discussions. A
competitive butter contest is announced
to take place in connection with the State
fair and prizes have been offered by the
management amounting to $3S0. The
Judges will bo Professor E. W. Major of
the University of California and W. H.
Roussel of San Francisco.
Many Topics of Technical Interest
Are Mentioned on Programme
of the Annual Exercises.
CEEAMERY OPERA/TORS
ABE ABOUT TO CONVENE
The Berlioz overture. "A Roman Car
nival," began the programme, and the
perennially happy overture of the "Mer
ry Wives of Windsor" closed the after
noon. Needless to say, perhaps, that the
applause was gener6us throughout. The
concerts are hereafter to take place on
Tuesday afternoons, at 3:15 sharp. Mo
zart's Symphony in E flat major is pro
grammed for next week.
BLANCHE PARTINGTON
Mill Valley suburbanites are proud over the
success of the new third rail electric system
recently adopted by the North Shore R. R.
The method Is a novel one In California, and
the trains of five and seven cars run with
ease, comfort and speed. The station plat
forms are amply protected and there is abso
lutely no danger.
A trip to Mill Valley either during the day
or evening to see the new system Is one that
everybody should place on their book pf en
gagements There are many trains so that
you can select almost any hour to go and re
turn. \ •
came well up to the level of the preced
ing work and closed a bit of symphony
making that we have not seen the like of
since Scheel was here before.
The novelties of the programme were a
swan song of Sibelius, a valse de concert
of Glazounow, and the Mendelssohn
"Spinning Song," arranged for orchestra,
Sibelius came first, the young Finn's
work proving to be an ultra-
Wagnerlan and very charming bit
of orchestral writing, with the
song of the dying swan (on the
oboe) as motif. The croon of the north
is about it! the pure and alien flavor of
an ancient Eaga. Mr. Scheel was not
wholly fortunate in his "swan" soloist;
but the movement left a distinct desire
to hear more of the new composer. Gla
zounow's valse is the sort of decorative,
swinging stuff Scheel used to give us in
his Vienna Prater days, and is very good
of its kind. The Mendelssohn "Fileuse,"
as it was rather absurdly programmed,
came without warrant of its step-frater
nity. However, as the Man Who Knows
says, tho little song without words could
not have been better orchestrated. I
heard afterward that Scheel himself had
added the dash of horn and woodwind
that leavened the strings, and that the
movement was originally arranged for
string quartet. It was delightfully played,
and elicited a double encore.
An Interesting Trip.
BRAVO. Scheel! Bravo!
Your concert of yesterday aft
ernoon was a pure triumph, a
noble programme, nobly played.
And bravo, men!
What stuff the San Francisco Sym
phony Orchestra Is made up of is once
more and again ample warrant for local
pride. Tossed from leader to leader, from
cafe to theater, from dancehail to draw
ing-room, these men in two short weeks,
under Scheel's leadership, have devel
oped an orchestral brotherhood, an artis
tic unity, nothing short of astonishing.
And bravo, again, the audience!
When the topmost gallery at the Grand
But the music's the thing! The sym
phony's the question, and yesterday aft
ernoon's was one of the noblest, the
"Eroica." Scheel's reading of the work
was masterly. Us performance excellent.
Dignity without stodginess, delicacy with
out triviality, plasticity without sloppi
ness, characterized the handling of the
whole composition. It was polished,
suave, finished. Each theme fell upon the
ear with lucent logic, every phrase came
in delicately balanced relation to its
neighbor. Tonal beauty, climax, a sensi
tiveness of light and shade truly remark
able pervaded the whole performance.
Perhaps in the funeral march the fash
ion of Mr. Scheel's grip upon .his men
was most apparent. In the long move
ment there was not once a deflection of
interest, that was breathlessly main
tained until its last somber note. The dif
ficult' tread of the tempo went steadily
to its final dying step, the superb pro
cessional moving with utmost nobility
and grandeur. Each tiny banner of
sound lent its little richness to the cor
tege, no glint or gleam of the Beethoven
color was lost, but the lovely detail was
merged into one splendid whole, one ador
able unity. The strife and turmoil of the
first movement also found significant ex
pression, full value being given to the
dramatic side of this musical drama, with
Its majestic themes and colossal har
monies. The reading was throughout
spirited and ripely picturesque. The
scherzo, taken at a dazzling tempo, fur
nished new delights. It was played with
breathless* delicacy and lightness and the'
orchestra showed nowhere more conclu
sively Its advance under the Scheel re
gime. The performance of the finale also
Opera-house shows not an Inch of empty
upholstery at a symphony concert— given
in the afternoon, be It remembered; when
the gallery below shows a like conges
tion, the community may begin to take
some comfort as to its musical health. So
It was, handsomely, yesterday afternoon.
Nor les? remarkable and encouraging is
the continued fashionable interest in the
series. The wise Colonel Higginson of
Boston rested not until he had imposed,
the belief upon Madame Hub that with
out the symphony cachet sne was out of
"It." To-day she would as soon dream
of neglecting her symphony subscription
as Madame Gotham would of going with
out her box at the Metropolitan Opera
house. With the result that the Boston
Symphony Orchestra is upon a paying
basis, and. not unimportantly, of the
world's best. Let us pray, therefore, that
madame of the local haut monde will con
tinue to regard attendance at the sym
phony as an imperative social propriety
as well as a high pleasure.
The general plan of the school has been
arranged by George H. Boke, of the head
of the law school, who Is also Instructor
in law at the University of California. An
advisory committee, consisting of William
Carey Jones, head of the law department
of the University of California, and Pro
fessor Nathan Abbott, dean of Stanford
Law School, has given great assistance
in the preparations for this work.
The following men have been engaged
to teach in the school during the ap
proaching year: James A. Ballentine of
Yale and Harvard Law School; James T.
Burcham, instructor of law at Stanford
University; F. S. Dorety, Instructor of law
at the University of California; George L.
Clark, Instructor in law at Stanford Uni
versity, and Irving C. Wright, a graduate
of Harvard Law School.
The night law school of the Young Men's
Christian Association will be reopened on
September 1 and the faculty has been en
larged, as it Is expected that there will be
a big class during the coming term. The
school has been much improved and noth
ing has been left undone to make it thor
ough in every particular.
Large Class Is Expected to Enter and
Many New Teachers Have
Been Engaged.
LAW SCHOOL OF Y. M. C. A.
VILL SOON BE REOPENED
KANSAS CITY. Mo., Aug. 23.— A. O.
Evans, of Santa Rosa, Cal., was mar
ried to Mrs. M. S. Spear, of Springfield.
Ills., at the Savoy Hotel yesterday. Mr.
Evans and his bride were sweethearts In
their childhood in San Antonio, Texas.
She was an orphan and her guardian was
Wji J. Craig, general freight, passenger
and claim agent of the New York, Texas
and Mexican railway, a Texas branch of
the Southern Pacific.
The suit of young Evans was discour
aged by the guardian, although Miss
Craig loved him. She was induced to
wed another man, however, and became
Mrs. Spear. Her husband lived In Spring
field, 111., but he died about a year ago.
The friends of the youthful lovers ar
ranged a correspondence and Mrs. Spear
visited relatives at San Antonio. The
result was a renewal of the old ties. Last
month, Mrs. Evans, mother of the gToom,
went to nprthern summer resorts with
Mrs Spear. A letter from the latter to
her sweetheart in California,, told v that
they would be in Kansas City yesterday.
Mr. Evans was here to meet them, and
the weddlne followed.
Mr. Evana and his wife will live In the
Republic of Mexico, where he has a po
sition with the Mexican Gulf and Inter-
Oceanic railway. The newly married
couple did not telegraph to any of the
bride's relatives of the marriage.
"We are old enough to know," was the
explanation they gave.
Special Dispatch to Tbe Call
Santa Rosa Man's Long Court
ship Has Romantic
Findd Former Sweet
heart a Widow and
Marries Her.
Symphony Concert Delights Enthusiastic Audience,
for the Phrasing Was Delicately Balanced
Throughout and the Readings Were Inspirations
WEDS THE LOVE
OF HIS BOYHOOD
SCHEEL'S MASTER TOUCH WORKS
WONDERS WITH LOCAL ORCHESTRA
THE SAN FEAKCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, AUGUST 26, 1903.
7
OOO8©OOdOGOJJCOO«OS9O0®©eC0O©O®C©©Q®3O9OOO0C(
[ SCHUMACHER & CO. «•*•> j
! Jewelers j
1 8 New Montgomery St. Also Entrance From Palace Hotel Corridor *
| Precious and Semi-Precious Stones, S
; _ Watches, Cold Jewelry. j
¦ CALIFORNIA j
SOUVENIRS. J
! Gold Quartz Jewelry— Specimens of All Kinds. I
Watches and Jewelry Repaired at Reasonable i
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
I A FRESH oKIN 1
M For half a century Heiakell's Ointment M
B has been used by careful mothers every- B
H where for purifying and preserving the E
H skin in beauty. Helskell'a Ointment H
H cures red. rough skin. Pimples. Blotches, B
H Burns, Scalds, Tetter. Erysipelas, Salt H
¦ Rheum. Scald Head. Itch. Ringworm, B
¦ Ulcers. Sore Nose, Sere Eyelids. Eg
I HEISKELL'S I
y <Dlntm&nt U
I cools all irritation; makes the skin beau- Ej
tifully fair and smooth. Heiskell's Soap E
and Heiskell's Ointment make a complete H
treatment and sure cure for any sktn Ei
trouble. At druggists', soap, 25c; oint- H
ment, 50c Send for book of testl- H
monials. fa
JOHNSTON, HOLLOWAY & CO. i
¦ ' .*- adelphla. Jy
VahcP DON'T FAIL TO
1 CUaW sce tht beautiful
j COURT Lounging
flfln room, the EMPIRE
unu PARLOR, the
r J PALM ROOM, the
Unifl.1 LOUIS XV PAR-
U^l n \~ DIES' WRITING
Hotels I room.
BAJA CALIFORNIA
Damiana Bitters
IS A GREAT RESTORATIVE. INVIOORA-
tor and Nervine.
The moat wor<terf ul aphrodisiac and Special
Tonic for the Eex^J Organs, for both «exei.
The Mexican Remedy for Diseases of th»
Kidneys and Bladder. Sells on Its own merit*.
NABER. ALFS tt BRUNE, Agents,
823 Market st.. S. F— (Send for Circulars^
DR.PIERCES ~
GOLDEN
MEDICAL
DBSCOVERY
FOR THE' t~
BLOOD.LIVER.8.UNGS.
PDTTCU17C FOR BARBERS. BA-
JjilU DliJuD kers - bootblack*, bnth-
houses. billiard tables,
brewer*, bookbinder*, candy-makers, caaners.
dyers, flour mills, foundries, laundries, papej-
hawsers, printers, painters, shoe factories,
ctablemen. tar- roofers, tanners, tailors, eta.
BUCHANAN BB.OS..
Brxub itonuTactarer*. 609 Sacramento St.
„ AJgTTSEMEITTS.
GSC2J i\ fa$ ?""% OPERA
|«£^%|^g^ HOUSE
ONT.T MATINKE SATURDAY. -*"
LAST FOl'R XIGHTS OF THE SEASON.
LAST FOUR NIGHTS OF
EAYKOND A2TD CATEBiT
And Oar 6apert> Eastern Company In
"IN HARVARD"
Next Saturday STANFORD UNIVERSITY
NIGHT.
PIUCES. 23c. 60c. T5&
Commencing
NEXT SUNDAY NIGHT,
POLLARD LILLIPUTIAN CO.
"BELLE OFNBW YORK."
J'lUCES. 15c. 25c. 50c. 75c
Saturday and Sunday Matinees. 15c. 25c. 50c
MATINEE TO-DAY (WEDXESDAT). Aug. 26.
Parquet, Any Seat. 2ic; Balcony. 10c; Chil-
dren, any part except reserved, 10c.
KEOUGH and BALLARD
Presenting "A VAUDEVILLE SURPRISE";
The Fleury Trio; Sam Edwards and
Company; Larkins and Patterson;
Hoberti and Billoski; Rosie Hen-
del: John Le Clair; Heeley and
Meely end Lew Hawkins.
f*ftl BE&J3I31 A s '* fiasco's
UUbUlwiSIM LEMJISS THEA'i2£
Every Night Except Sunday.
MATINEE TO-DAY
And again on Saturday.
. HENRY MILLER
MARGARET ANGLIN
In Richard Harfilr-r Davis* Comedy,
THE TAMIN(H)F HELEN.
Vtxt W*ek— Henry Killer aad JUrgiret Asglia
££?- CAMILLE
SEAT SALB OPENS THURSDAY.
fAUFORNIA
1 . ( ALL THIS WEE1C ]/LI
Owing to the enormous ¦ ¦
success, the * ¦
75 KEllL-MOHOSCO CO. 7 tr
A*J ¦will continue the great war •**'
*iQ ' Play. CQ
zz "SHENANDOAtr rr
MaJ l>rr.'t miss the marvelous JLO
battle ecene. It's the talk
of the town. Special rr.atl- •
T 1 nees Thursday and Saturday g'"" I
—MRS. DANES DEFENSE. W^
HE.ATRU
TIV0LISS5&
TO-NIGHT AND ALL THIS WEEK,
SATURDAY MATINEE.
Take no chance of mlsslnr the hit of the
Comic Opera Season.
CAMILLE D'ARUILLB
And the entire Tivotl Comiiany In De Koven'g
Masterpiece.
THE HtGH\A/f\'Ym.f\l\.
GE£M> OPERA fEASCN OPEKS XEXT WEEK.
Monday, Wednesday. Friday and Saturday
Evening?.
"AIDfl"
Tuesday, Thursday. Sunday Eveninjre, Satur-
<iay Matinee,
LUCIA DI UflMMERmOOR
SEATS ARE NOW ON SALE!
POPULAR PRICES— 2Dc, 50c. 75c.
Telephone Bush 9.
ATPA7A T>Bela SC o& Mayer.
ALL/ AL An u £&*<*.
Gen. Mgr.
TO-NICHT secojtd akd .
I \J"llIVJli 1 • I.ABT WEEX.
UEUAL MATINEES THL'RS. AND SAT.
EXTRA MATiKEE NEXT SUNDAY
Greatest of Rural Comedies.
THE DAIRY FARM
IT IS BREAKING ALL RECORDS'.
"It im delightful, and every one able to secure
scats Is fortunate." — The News Letter.
COAST TOUR TO FOLLOW. I
Evg., 25c to 75c; All Three Mats.. 15c to 50c
NEXT MONDAY — Special Season ot
FLOKEKCE SOBEETS
In "THE UNWELCOME MRS. HATCH."
SEATS NOW SELLING.
L=B I I BliMfeai * MATER.
**¦¦" " " m Proprietors.
Market St.. Near Eighth— Phone South &33.
TO-NIGHT— ALL THIS WEEK.
MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
Surrptttous Production of Alexander Dumas"
Mecterplece,
"CAMILIE."
EUGENIE THAIS LAWTON AS CAMILLE
HERSCHELL MAYALL U ARMAXD DUVAL.
And Brilliant Supporting Company.
DDIPPC Evenings 10c to 50c
iKlLLO Matinees 10c. 15c. 23e
MONDAY. Augruet 31.
"THE GREAT BXTBT."
THIS AND NEXT WEEK ONLY. L&st of the
Funny Burlesques.
1" -QUO VASS ISS" and I
"THE B'C LITTLE PRINCESS" |
Our "All-Star" Cast. Including
KOLB AND DILL.
BARNEY BERNARD. :
WINFIELD BLAKE.
HARRY HERMPE.V,
MAUDE AMBER.
ELEANOR JENKINS.
ETC.. ETC.. ETC,
RESERVED SEATS— Nights. 25c. 60c. 75?. j
Saturday and Sunday Matinees. 25c and 50c
Children at Matinee*. 10c and 25c.
A Great Double Bill Now Being Rehearsed.
Five Baby Lions in the Zoo.
A GREAT FHOW EVERY AFTERNOON
AND EVENING IN THE THEATER.
Inspect "CABARET DE LA MORT."
SEE THE CHINESE BABY
IN THE INFANT INCUBATOR,
VISIT THE
"MYSTIC MIRROR MAZE"
AMATr^B IflOKT THURSDAY.
ADMISSION. 10c; CHILDREN. 5c
j^BCE^ATOOt^^AJMnreE^CTgrTJL^
I YRIC HAI I Edd * Street,
I^TI.IV/ IIM.L.L- Above Ma«on-
Charles Frohinan Presents
...EVERYMAN...
th* XV Century Morality Play.
Evenings — Commencing Wed.. Sept. 2. at 8:30.
Afternoons — Thursday and Saturday at 3.
R«Mrved Seats j2 # |j xA and $1
*• Ehtnaaa. CUy & Ob/«. Now on sale.
A hat for dress at $1.95
These hats at $1.95 are not only good for business wear, but are j
suitable for dress as well. . .
" They are sylishly blocked and good felt is used in their making.
They are equal to the usual two-fifty hats.
They come in soft and stiff shapes in all the shades of the season
from black to pearl.
Each hat is guaranteed.- This is the store where the guarantee
means something.
Out~of-to*n orders filled — write us.
740 Market Street
I^OOsSN^sy Quickly and effectively in all cases of Nervous Headache, Sick' HeadacKe,
|SNSSWOJ Lumbago, Sea-Sickness, Car-Sickness, Irritability, Periodic, Bearine-Down
|s>oo^vCvv8 and Ovarian Pains. i. ._••; ¦'/:..-,.¦.
iooOOvVvv! » - h 7, could , not 5 et on f without Dr. Miles' Anti-Pate POls. Tbey glr« ma almost Instant
isNVVVOOoi T e H ef i rom alp 091 any P*in- I give them to all of th« children, even the baby" andw» fecix»
, KSSOsVsSvXl bad effects afterwards, as one does from most remedies."—
BXVVSxSVfl MRS - IRA ALLEJT. 208 Indiann Ave.. Riverside. *>Hf
B^vVVvx^V^S - "Two years a*;o I had a severe attack of La Grlpp*. and was under the doctor's care for
BaNaNVOOOI . nve days without any relief. Then I bought a box of Dr. Miles* Antl-F&ta PUla. and flv« TtOa
M N X/'OOOOOs\H cured me. A short time ago I had another attack, nut thanks to the Pain PlUs. I was aooa
KSVSVs>OC^ cured, taking only three of the pilJs."--JOHN N. PURTTEMAN. Glendale. Ore.
IKxxvVnxnNI ,. "* have used Dr - Miles' Antl-Paln Pills for a number of years, and find that they promptly
B^OOn^Os>Ov|I relieve ordinary and neuralglac headache. Tbey rive similar relief to my wife."—
BsNSSNNNN^fl D. B. BAKER. Los Jkngstea, «*>^.
OoOvvvOvvvH "Once, and often twice a week, for years I care had spells of dull, heavy pains across tJj«
BoooOsNXNNJi forehead, accompanied with pains in the heart, arm and shoulders. I find Dr. Miles' Antl-Paia
¦tooooOvoOvH Pills very beneficial, -one tablet usually being sufficient to stop the pain." —
gSNNSSSSSSH ; MRS. LEONA ELDER, WheaUand. Calif.
H^Vv^vv^SlI "* bave frequently used Dr. Miles' Anti-Pain Pills, for Neuralgia, and tbey give speedy
HsVsXNXVsNB relief. Also in traveling, am never without them, using them to prevent drowsiness and
iNNNNNNNNH headache." — B. L. SANFORD, Mgr. Etna Springs Hotel. Etna Springs. Calif.
it>OCVV\\ s O^L MRS. M. S. TOBET, who was 11 years postmistress at Carpentaria. Calif., says: "I suffered
a long time from nervuos headachee, and very severe pain In the back of my neck. Dr. Miles*
Antl - Fain f Pills brought relief, for which I am very grateful. I am pleased to recommend thrai
|§$o$^^ Neuralgia, Rheumatism, Sciatica, Backache, La Grippe, Pain in Stomach,
HsnnnnnxV; Ague Pains, Indigestion, Dizziness, Nervousness and Sleeplessness.
|f^0$0O0$$> "I have used Dr. Miles' Anti-Pain Pills for Neuralgia and Nervous Headache and always
ffOvwOysV received nromnt relief The headaches occurred at intervals, usually in the morning, and by
iSSSSNS$$: taking a pS/SkII when first symptom appeared, always P»£«"«* *he_ a«*f*f;. My husband
has a^o used them for headache, and says he Idaho.
R\XNX\\XV "I am very grateful that I have found such a perfect remedy for headache. I had a sun-
i^VSXVVV stroke while lh the army, and ever since have suffered greatly from headache and biliousness.
|>SSSoCsSV The only thing that ever gave me any relief waa Dr. Aflls' Anti-Pain Pills, which I faar used
g^^N^N, with satisfactory results for a number 93 CatUna Ave.. Pasadena. Call*.
fi\XXN>SXV "I have been bothered for years with headache and dull pains. I came across some of Dr.
I^SSSNN^ Miles' Anli-Paln Pills, and- tried them, and they ****&SWL«^ S J^™ <^ ttenl U
B^OOOOOsS> be just the thing, and recommend them highly."— J. FRANK ST1.RNS. Eugene, ore.
IvWVVVVv «t was Ions subject to spells of severe pain through the eyes and across my forehead—- •
lOCVvSXVV caused by indigestion. The attacks often conUnued two days, during which* toe I was onabto
KSNXVsXVC to* do anything! Dr. Miles' Anti-Pain Pills relieved the pain, and I afterwards prevented the
jJ$NN$S$$ at ta d cks^ttSKy one Pill when I found the ig™ «"gj£fik \& w uaed a « for a lon * «¦•
¦N^N^N^X an d they never failed to relieve me. — W. R. HOxr, ttiuaDoro, ure.
,J£ooC$$$OoS^ Dr Miles' Anti-Pain Pills are sold by all druggists, 25 cents a box, under a
J^^^^B^B^B^sli positive guarantee that the first box will benefit or money refunded.
The Genuine Dr. Miles Remedies are Never Sold at Cut Prices.Accept Football Challenge.
The students at the various polytechnic
schools throughout the city are still at war
In regard to the emblems at the summit of
Twin Peaks. The Cogswell School stu
dents were the first to place their mono
gram on the top of the peak. Then they
were routed by a class from the Lick
School, and the emblem of the latter oc
cupied the important position for a few
days, till finally the young men represent
ing the Wilmerding School bested the
Lick forces and placed their own class
numbers on. top of the peak, and so far
the emblem has remained undisturbed.
Students Still at War.
J. J. C. Leonard filed, a suit yesterday
against H. S. Deming to recover $1300, the
face value of a check on the Donohoe-
Kelly Banking Company drawn by the
defendant In favor of the plaintiff last
July. It is alleged in the complaint that
the' plaintiff was unable to cash- \ the
check and that the defendant has " re
fused to make It good.
Could Not Cash Check.
KINLOCH PARK SELECTIONS.
By New York Morning Telegraph
First race— Allegrette, Major Car
pente r, ( Potter.
Second race— Tickful, Charles C,
Sting.
Third race — Tangent, Jena, Re
ducer.
Fourth race — Kindred, Miss Go
lightly, Optional.
Fifth race— Flintlock, Mallory, W.
B. Gates.
Sixth race — Detest, Uranium,
Jake Webber.
KINLOCH PARK ENTRIES.
ST. LOUIS, Aug. 25.— Kinloch Park entries:
First race, five and a half furlongs, three
year-olds, purse— Bandlllo 103. Major Car
penter 103. Allegrette 105. Potter 108
iJ? eC ? n , (1 , ""S 06 ' seven fur 'oncs. selling— Loca
100, Leila Barr 100, Eliza Cook 100, Kitty G
J^A' t^" 1 IIouston 10 2. Stint 95, Great Star
100. Prlma II 105, Siddara 1C5, Pay the Fiddler
102, Charles C 102, Tha Four Hundred 97
Worthington 102, Tickful 102. Tenny Belle. 100*
Third race, one mile and twenty yards sell
ing — Onvllo 93. Feronia 80, Tangent 96, ' Sue's
Sister 85, Exapo 91, Jena 104, Our Lady 107
Varner 99, Donami 95, Class Leader 96, Baro
net 109. Reducer 106, Marcoe 107, Kentucky
Cardinal 100. • •-.
Fourth race, six furlongs, handicap— Santa
•Ventura 04. Optional 101. Kindred 104, Miss
Golightly 104. Brief 99, FranK Bell 108. Elas
tic 113.
Fifth race, one mile and seventy yards
purse $400— Mallory 100, Flintlock 109 Macv
1C5, W. B. Gates 109. T y
Slsth race, six furlongs, selling— Mimo 102
Stub 97. Sid Stiver 107, i Straggler 104, Weird
114, Mutiny 107, Uranium 105. Detest 95 La
Rouge. 107. Captain Gaston 109. Jake Weber
109. El Rey 104, Rosecourt 107, Nearest 112
Weather clear; track fast.
SIXTH RACE— OneN and an eighth miles;
sellins:
Betting. Horse. Weight Jockey. St «i Fin
10 to 1— Exapo. 88 (Howell) 7 1 1 V.
10 to 1— KingEtelle. 9« < Perkins).. 2 5 2 n
10 to 1 — Baronet, 1O1 (Smith) 5 3 II «
Time. 1:55. Start good. Won driving. Win
c-T, ini S KlL>Is , b - c> by Exile-Apology. Welsh
Girl 101, Tony Lepplr.g 101, Fake 104. Ben
Hempstead 101. Satin Coat 104, Hueena 97,
\\hltmore> 103. Eugenia S 96, Mission 106,
Blanco 90. Class Leader 96, also ran.
FIFTH RACE — One mile; putse:
Betting. Horse. Weight, Jockey. St. % Fin.
rt to 5 — First Ma?on, 95 (Austin). 6 113
5 to 1— Belvino. 100 (Hlggins). ... 5 2 2»>4
25 to 1— G. Glitter, 100 (Weickert). 4 t> tri^
Time, 1:41. Start good. Won easily. Win
ner, Otts Bros.' ch. c. by First Mate-Manola
Mason. Decoration 95, Ada M 100 Doeskin
102, Noweta 90, Benson Caldwell 101, also ran.
FOURTH RACE: — Seven furlongs; handicap:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. »i Fin.
1 to 1 — Rainland, 114 (Sheehan).. 2 3 1 n
5 to 2— H. McGowan. 101 (Higns) 3 2 2 3
3 to 1 — Old Stone, 104 (Louden)... 1 1 3 20
Time. 1:28. Start good. Won driving. Win
ner. Mrs. M. Goldblatt's b. c. by Rainbow-
Fable. Lord Hermence 95, Falrbane 90, also
ran.
THIRD RACE— Seven and a half ftirlongs;
selllnr:
Betting. Horse, Weight. Jockey. St. »i Fin.
4 Jo 1— Dereszke, 108 (Hlggins)... 1 117
7 to 2 — Tom Kingsley, 105 (Shehn) 6 2 2 2
20 to 1 — Tom Crabb, 101 (R.Mrpy) 4 3 3 1
Time. 1:34 y 3 . Start poor. Won easily. Win
ner, R. E. Watkins & Co.'s b. c. by Lamp
llghter-Serene. Una Prince 101. Lynch 96.
Nearest 101. Montana Peeress 98, Harry Beck
10o, Duela 94, also ran.
SECONp RACE— Six furlongs; selling:
Betting. . Horse, Weight. Jockey. St. \ Fin.
10 to 1— A. Bruce. 100 (Bridewell). 3 1 1 n
8 to 1-i-Kltty Cut a Dash, 100
• (Shea) 2 2 2 IV,
2 to 1— Dolly Gray, 100 (Austiir). .10 6 3 3
Time, 1:15. Start poor. Won driving. Win
ner, G. C. Bennett & Co.'s ch. f. by Deceiver-
Katherine Bassett. . Eufalla 105, Rejoice 08,
Betmuda 05, Bisuka 1)3, Offset 103, Marchioness
105. Georeie I>e«vl s 100. Tambourine Girl 95.
Cressida 100, Winesap 102, also ran. Maghonl
101, left at the post.
ST. LOUIS, Aug. 25.— Rainland, a heav
ily played favorite, being backed from 7
to 5 to even money, won the feature event
at Kinloch Park to-day. Sheehan got the
colt off in a nice position and kept him
there till the head of the stretch, when
Rainland ran over all competitors, win
ning handily.
Aylmer Bruce won the second race by a
nose from Kitty Cut a Dash after a fu
rious drive all the way through the
stretch. The weather was clear, the track
fast and the attendance large. Summary:
FIRST RACE— Seven furlongs; selling:
Betting. Horse, Welsht. Jockey. St. % Fin.
1 to 2— Dr. Cartledge,,***? (Smith) 1 112
20 to 1— Lampadrome 98 (Brdwell) 4 4 2 2
4 to 1 — Haven Run, - 8S (Austin).. 2 3 3 3
Time, 1:15. Start good. Won easily. Win
ner, J. ¦ F. Daniels & Co.'s b. c. by Faraday-
Dare Vela. Frank Collins 104. Alccni R 100,
The Frisco Line 98, also ran.
Special Dispatch to The Call
PERSONAL MENTION.
Stolen base — Casey. . Error — Holllngsworth.
Three-base hlts^ — Sheehan. Graham. Two base
hits — Sheehan 2, Graham, Thomas, Hogan, Mc-
Farlan. First base on errors — Sacramento 1.
First base on called balls — Off Thomas 2, off
McFarlan 4. Left' on bases— Sacramento 0,
Portland 9. Struck out — By Thomas 1, by Mc-
Farlan 1. Hit by pitcher— Thomas. Double
plays — Eagan to Hogan;. Blake to Hess.. Time
of game — One hour and 50 minutes. Umpire—
O'C'onnell. .
SACRAMENTO, Aug. 25.— The game be
tween Portland and Sacramento to-day
was a regular slugging match from the
start. The Senators had much the better
of it, as their hits were not only timely,
but were long ones. In %he second In
ning Sheehan. Graham and Thomas all
drove out doubles. In {he next Sheehan
and Graham got three-baggers and three
others singles. In the seventh Sheehan
got another double, while four singles
were made by his team mates. The last
of the ninth had all the appearance of a
batting finish for the Webfooters, but
Thomas ended it after three hits and two
runs had been made. The score:
Sacramento — Portland —
AB. R. H. 7\A. AB. R. H. P.A.
Casey,2b. 5 0 3 3 5 Blake.rf. 5 0 1 4 1
Hldbrd.lf 4 0 0-2 0 VBrn.cf . 4 0 3' 3 0
McLgn.rf 5 0 10 0 Ndeau.lf 5 12 3 0
Eagan.s. 4 1 0 4 10 Andsn,2b 4 10 2 1
Shehn.3b 5 3 3 1 4 Frncls.Sb 4 0 111
Doyle.cf. 5 1 1-1 0 Hsrwth.s 4 0 3 4 5
Grahm.c. 5 3 3 3 OlElsey.lb. 4 0 17 1
Hogan.lb 4 1 2 13 lHess.c... 4 1 1 3 1
Thmas.p. 4 13 0 0 McFrln.p 4 11 0 2
Totals 41 10 16 27 20 : Totals 38 4 13 27 12
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
Sacramento 0 3 3 00 04 0 0 — 10
Base hits 1 3 4 0 0. 2 5 0 1 — 16
Portland 0 0 0 \ 2 0 0 0 0 2— 4
Base hits 1 2 0'3 2 110 3—13
SUMMARY.
Get the Worst of a Hard-Hitting
Contest at Sacramento.
PORTLAND MEN LOSE.
Stolea . bases — Devereaux (2), Murdock (2).
Lynch. Three-base hits — Lynch, Irwln. Mes
serly. Two-base hits — Lohman. Lynch,
Schwartz, Delmas. Sacrifice hit — O'Hara. First
base ort errors — San Francisco 5, Oakland 1.
First base ort called balls— Oft - Ibersr, 4; oft
Graham, 5. Left on bases— San Francisco 4,
Oakland 12. Struck out— By Iberg, 2; by Gra
ham, 4. Double playa — Francks to Schwartz
to Messerly (2). Errors — Devereaux -. (2),
Schwartz (2). Graham. Shay (2). Meany.
Passed ball — Lohman. Time of game — One
hour and forty- five minutes. Umpire — Levy. .
Oakland
30110000 1—6
Base hits 3 1 2 3 1 0 1 0 2—13
San Francisco... 0 0 15 0 0 3 0 x— »
Base hits 0 1130002 x— 7
• SUMMARY.
Totals. 32 9 7 27 l."| Totals 40 6 13 24 12
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
San Francisco — Oakland —
AB. R. H. P.A. AB. R. H. P.A.
Shay, s.. 4 O 1 5 lO'Hara.cf.1 10 0 0
Meany.rf 4 10 3 0 Dverx.Sb 5 1112
Irwln. 3b 3 2 1 2 2 Mskmn.lf 5 115 0
Leahy, c. 2 2 0 3 0 Schrtz,2b 5 0 1 3 5
Pabst, lb 3 1 1 13 0 Murdk.rf 3 110 0
Krug. cf 4 0 0 1 0 Fr'ncks.8 4 13 13
Lynch. If 4 2 3 1 0 Mes'ly.lb 5 1 2 10 0
Delms,2b 4 1 1 1 C Lohmn, c 5 O 3 4 2
Iberg, p. 4 0 0 0 7 Grahm, p5,0 1 0 0
It would have probably been interesting
even at that had not Graham fixed it all
by throwing the away in the sev
enth. .Leahy was on third and Pabst
was on second, when Krug hit the ball
to Graham. He threw to third in order
to catch Leahy off the bag. But the ball
bounded through a hole in the fence op
posite the beacherB and went into the
crowd. All three runners came in on this
and the game was settled for keeps. , The
score: f"
• Oakland jumped into the lead during
the first inning, when the two tallies were
rolled up. After that they kept adding
to the runs until they had accumulated
live. It began to look pretty safe for
the Cripples and they became care
less and this little oversight just about
tossed off the game.
The home team began to get into the
running In the fourth. Every .• man
seemed to have his eyes m the leather
and smote it to all t s e f^ur corners of
the lot. They did not stop until five had
made the circuit, giving San Francisco a
lead of one.
Uncle Henry was lucky in getting away
with the game yesterday- at Recreation
Park. He was beaten to a fare-ye-well
up to the fourth, when a few good and
lucky hits put him one to the good. But
even then he was not safe. Luck stayed
with the team, however, and In the sev
enth round, Graham threw, the ball away
and let in three runners. That broke up
the game and settled the issue. Score,
San Francisco 9; Oakland 6.*
Graham was In good form for a time
and Iberg was himself after the tide
turned in his favor, so the honorB be
tween the twirlers were about even.
Irving C. Dewey, vice president and
treasurer of the Lyman D. Morse Adver
tising Agency of New York City, arrived
here yesterday on the Santa Fe'-'and is
registered at the Palace, accompanied
by Mrs. Dewey. The Morse agency is one
of the largest buyers of newspaper space
in Gotham. Mr. Dewey' s visit is not con
nected with business. His stay in Califor
nia will be limited to two weeks here and
in the south. ,
A. H. Manning, a merchant of Reno, is
here on a short J business' trip and has
made his headquarters at the Grand.
W. H. II. Putnam of Springfield, Vt., is
visiting friends in San Francisco. • Mr.
Putnam formerly resided In this State,
and when the G. 1 A. R.,' of which he is a
member, left his- town for California, Mr.
Putnam was of the number. It is his in
tention to tour the coast before returning
home. .
¦ J. B. Crow of Crow's Landing, one of
the most extensive cattle dealers in the
State, is at the Lick.
T. N. Canfleld of Los Angeles is at the
Grand. J
G. Kartschoke, a mining man of Nevada
City, is at the Lick.
C. Thomas, a business man of Napa, is
a guest at the Grand. f
G. Sleben, a wine grower of Marysvllle,
is a guest at the Lick.
Frank A. Cressey, cashier of a bank at
Modesto, is at the Lick.
Frank Everett, a mining man of Tono
pah, is registered at the Lick.
U. "W. Brown, an oil man of Colusa, is
among the arrivals at the Grand.
Commodore Adigard of the French
cruiser Protet is a guest at the Palace.
J. E. Parish, a well-known resident. of
Los Angeles, is among the arrivals at the
Palace.
Joe Corbett Pitches One of His Typ
ical Games for the Angels.
LOS ANGELES, Aug. 25.— Joe Corbett
pitched one of his typical games to-day
resulting In no score for Seattle. Re
peatedly Corbett got himself into bad
holes and then pitched himself out. St.
Vrain fell before the local sluggers for
twelve hits. Captain Dillon had hard
luck in batting. Although he hit the ball
hard In the air, there was always some
one in the way when it carrie' down. At
tendance lcOO. Score:
/
Seattle — Los Angeles —
AB. R. H. P.A. AB. R. H. P.A.
Lumly.cf 4 0 0 4 0 Hoy, cf.. 4 0 1 3 0
Mohlr,2b 3 0 11.3 \Vhelr,2b » 1 0 1 ' 3
Brsher.lb 4 0 0 8 1 JSmth.3b 4 13 1 2
CSmth.rf 4 0 0 3 0 Dillon, lb 4 0 0 100
Zinsar.lf 4 0 1 2 0 Crvth.rf 4 2 2 1 : 1*
Andws,3b 4 0 1 1 0 Ross, If.. 4 0 3 30
Dolan, 8 3 0 0 2 4 Toman. » 4 0 0 2 0
Byers, c. 2 0 13 0 Spies, c. 4. 1 2 5 1
St.Vr'n,p 2 0 0 0 llCorbett.p 3 11 13
•Jnslng..l 0 0 0 0 - '—
,- — Totals. 34 6 12 27 10
Totals. 31 0 4 24 9 .
•Janslng batted for St. .Vrain in ninth.
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
Seattle 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 — 0
Base hits.. 1 0 0 1 0 0.0 0 2—4
Los Angeles..... 1 0 12 0 0 0 3 x — 6
Base hits 103 4 0 1 0 3 x — 12
SUMMARY.
Errors— Lumley, Andrews, Dolan, Byers,
Wheeler and Corbett. Stolen bases— J. Smith
(2),* Spies. Two-base hits — Mohler, Corbett. J.
8mlth. Sacrifice hit — St. ,VraIn. r Double plays
— Brashear to Dolan ¦ to Brashear; Dolan .- to
Mohler to Brashear. Struck out — By St. Vrain.
2; by Corbett, 4. ' First base on called balls —
Oft St. Vrain, 1: oft Corbett, 4, First base on
errors— Seattle 2. Left on bases— Seattle 8,
Los Angeles 5. Time! of game — One hour and
fifty minutes. Umpire — McDonald.
SEATTLE IS SHUT OUT.
HONOLULU. Aug. 25.— The , German
Savings Loan Society has. assumed par
tial control of the management of the
large . Kapionali estate in order- to protect
a loan of $300,000 made one year ago and
secured by the Hawaiian lands of the es
tate. Including most of the property of
Prince Jonah. Kalanlaole-, - Delegate : to
Congress, and Prince Kawananakoa.
Kapionali Estate Involved.
. ¦ Manager Harris \ has not , yet . secured
Marshall, Zearf oss and . Ffle»ter of the dis
banded National ; club, but hopes ; to close the
deal | this morning.", - It ; appears" the" three j men
have received offers to to to i Plttsburg " and " be
•tried out by the Champions. They wired their
Special Dispatch to The Call,
SARATOGA, N. Y., Aug. 25.—McChes
ney's meeting with Hermis and other
Eastern racing cracks was again post
ponded, owing to the muddy condition of
the track after the early morning storm.
For nearly a sixteenth of a mile on each
side of the judges' stand the track was
a veritable lake of water, In some places
being several inches deep. A big force
of men worked all morning with cups,
shovels and buckets bailing the water off
and throwing It Into the~"lnfield, but it
could not be improved sufficiently to per
mit the champions to be seen at their
best, so they were scratched from the
Champlaln Handicap.
Africander, who was eligible at 116
pounds, was added, and with Fuller to
pilot him, easily added about $3000 more
to his already long list this season. Him
self, only 9S pounds on his back, was
runner up and he performed creditably,
beating the pace maker, W. C. Whitney's
three-year-old filly. Girdle, by half a
length In a drive. Old Circus was fourth,
with Hunter Ralne, who did not appear
to relish the going, a bad last, running a
very poor race.
FIRST RACE — Handicap; all ages; seven
furlongs :
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. »i Fin.
16 to 6— Duke of Kendall, lll(Odom) 3 115
9 to 2— Ing old 110 (Burns) ..5 2 21
18 to 5— Bad Xews, 100 (Fuller) 4 3 3 2
Time. 1 :29 2-5. Start good. Won, easily.
Winner. R. Thomas' br. c. by Sir ' Modred-
Duchess of Kendall Monte Carlo 103. Illyria
03. Aurlesville 9S also ran.
SECOND RACE— Purse; tbree-year-olds and
upward; cne mile:
Uetting. Horse. Welpht. Jockey. St. % Fin.
." to v — Grey Friar. 105 (Burns)
5 to 1— Joe Cobb. 10C (Redfem)
IS to 5 — OnatUF. 10C (Creamer)..
1113
2 2 2 3
4 3 3 «
Time. 1 :43 1-5. Start good. Won easily. Win
ner. F. R. Hitchcock's sr. g. by St. George
t'na B. Scoffer 100 also ran.
THIRD RACE— Purse; two-year-olds; six
furlongs :
Betting-. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. »i Fin.
2 to 1 — Moharib 122 S 3 1 1
11 to 5 — Long Shot, 122 (Martin). 2 12 2
17 to 10 — Rac«- King. 122 (Gannon) 1 2 3 12
Time. 1:15 2-5. Start fair. Won driving.
Winner". J. W. Schorr's br. c. by Esher-Per
fertion.' Cayudutta 114 also ran.
FOURTH RACE— The Champlaln handicap;
one. and one-tighth miles:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockoy. St. »i Fin.
7 to 10— Africander. 110 (Fuller). 3 3 12
15 to 1— Himself 98 (D.O'Connor) 12 2 1
6 to 1— Girdle. US (Rcdfern) 2 133
Time 1:50. Start cood Won easily. Winner,
Hampton Stables' b. c. by Star Ruby-Afric
Queen. Circus 95. Hunter Raine 111. also ran.
FIFTH RACE — Five and a half furlongs;
purst; maiden two-year-olds.
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. »i Fin.
7 to 2— Sai?, 112 (Mom) 2 1 IS
10 to 1— Ksperance, 1O) (Jenkins).. 8 2 2 2
20 to 1— Flag Officer.115 {WnUfleld)12 6 3 2
Time 1:O» 3-5. Start fair. Won easily.
Winner, Mr. Madlin's br. c. by St. Blaise-
Ger.tily Hiss Melton 109, Dungannon 109.
Wistaria 109, Silver Slipper 10I). Vanity 100.
Monadnock 112, Hermakis 112, Arthur 112,
Montebank 112, also ran.
SIXTH RACE — Selling. 3-year-olds and up
ward, one and one-«-ichth mileo on turf:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. »4 Fin.
4 to i — Caithness, Mi (McCafCerty) 2 113
9 to jo — Highlander, 111 (Haack). 1 3 2 1
11 10 0 — Colonsay, 106 (Fuller)... 3 2 3
Time, 2:00. Start good. Won cleverly.
Winner. Gouchacre's stable's b. f. by Ateling-
Quecn of Scots. (Three starters).
SARATOGA ENTRIES.
NEW YORK. Aug. 25. — Saratoga entries:
First race, six furlongs, selling, three-year
olds — Guy P.irk PC. Mary Street 98. Lass o' Lin
drn 9G. Gloriosa W5. Castalian 1CS. Sweet Alice
103 Stroller 308. Lord Turco 101. Russell Garth
101. Mamie Worth 101.
Second race, handicap, steeplechase, short
couryf — Borough 163. Ten Candles 158, Tankard
157 Step Lightly 146. Silver Twist 130, Farm
er's Foe 133. Solomon 130.
Third race Adirondack handicap, six fur
longs, two-year-olds— Topic 107. The Buck 108,
Adriutha '.»*. Graziallo 115, Sweet Gretchen 1OO,
Montreson 122, Greencrest 103. Gold Saint 302,
Crown Prince 107, Leonidas 115.
Fourth race, ene and a quarter miles, three
yrar-olds and upward — Hunter Ralne 116. Sur
mise 106 Reservation 305, Lord Badge 104.
Faulconbridge 102, Circus 0», Gold Bell 97,
Flara 97. ~ ,
Fifth race five and a half furlongs, two
vear-olds — Komcrabo 1C2, Jocund 110, The Bow
ery 105. Monastic II 110, Long Spur 105. Sala
da 102, Collector Jes?up 110. Sals 105, Auf
Weiden=ehn 105. Bath Beach 110. Pirouette 107,
Short Cake 107, Rain or Shine 110.
Sixth race, one mile on main track, three
vear-olds and upward, selling — Choate 1OS,
Alsike 103. Passbook 88. Beverly 00, Past 103,
Bob Hilliard 103, Mabel Richardson 101.
Dinksis 08.
Weather clear; track heavy.
SARATOGA SELECTIONS.
By New York Morning Telegraph.
First race^ — Gloriosa, Sweet Alice,
Castalian.
Second race — Tankard, Silver
Twist, Solomon.
Third race — Leonidas, Gold Saint,
Topic.
Fourth race — Faulconbridge, Res
ervation, Circus.
Fifth race — Jocund, Pirouette, Col
lector Jessup.
Sixth race — Past, Choate, Mabel
Richardson.
SpecUJ Dispatch -to The Call
CHICAGO, Au$. 25.— Ed Corrigran, mas
ter of Hawthorne, came near being
rnobbrd after trie finish of the third race
at Hawthorne Jo-day, when his old rogue
Hargis, a red-hot favorite, was badly
beaten by Linguist and Louisville. "When
Hargis, with Henry up, returned to the
judges' stand, ;liere was a general hiss
ing and cries of "Robber!" from all quar
ters of the grand -Ftand, and nearly 1000
1-eople crowded about the stand and cried
•¦Rule him oft:" referring to Henry.
When a man standing r.ear Corrigan
joined in the hissing, Corrigan struck him
a \icious blow on the Jaw, knocking: the
man down. Crlf-s of ••Shame!" were Inward
on all sides, and Corrigan, fearing more
trouble, hurried away.
Hargis was the favorite in the race at
eix to five, with Linguist well backed as
second choice. The colt took, the lead at
The start and maintained it to the end,
winning from Louisville by a neck. Hargis
was last ail the way to the head of the
stretch, when Henry, after apparently
choking him, as It seemed to some of the
crowd, turned him loose. He gained fast,
but the rtin had been delayed too Ions,
and he was beaton but half a length for
r-ace by Louisville.
This was the feature event on the card
to-day and only four horses started, the
outsider being Rankln. The track was
fast, the weather hot and the attendance
pood. Summary:
FIRST RACE — F*ire furlonr*. purse.
Beuinu. Horse. Veisrfct. Jockey. St. s ?Tin.
9 to in — ¦Uitchcrait. 113 (Wilson) 4 3 11
9 to 2— Sweetie, 102 fllelges'-n) 3 6'2 nk
¦f,ft to 1— AMirta. JOS <C. Kloan)... 113 2
Time. 1 :02 2-5. Start rood. Won easily.
Winner, E. K. Smathcrs' ch. f. by Horor-cope-
Queenston. Determination 108, St. Paula 102.
Liberty Bfll 10^, TokaJon 102. Majrgrie Leeber
1"2. Susie Christian 102. Tribune 102, also ran.
SECOND RACE— One mile: «ellinr.
Bc-ttini?. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
2(» to 1 — Glenrice. !U (Wilson) 3 2 13
M to 1— Kalr Lady Anna,«X5 (Bnnr) 2 1 2 2'J
h to 3— Mr. Dinclo. 09 (Adkins)... 1 4 3 1 ;
Tim<\ 1:42. Start fair. Won easily. Win
ner, Jlr?. J. C «3ray & Co.'s b. f. by Dr. Rlce
•"Ilencoe. Lady Matchless 'Jfj, Mamst-lle 94,
Oalba 3 01. Harney Burk 101, Showman 101,
Hickory Corners 83, Prodigal Son 101, Snow
drift !'6, Ansc-lo 9G, Siloara HI. Banana Cream
91. also ran.
THIRD — RACE — One and a sixteenth miles;
j-ursp.
Bfttiiic. Horse. W*>ig-ht. Jockey. St. *; Fin.
7 to 5— Lins-uist. 'Jl <H. Phillips). 1 1 1 n
]<• to 1— Louisville. !K» (Knapp)... 2 2 2 *4
C to .' — HarRis. 10T> <H<»nry» 4 4 31
Tinif. 1 :4T 3-5. Start rood. Won handily.
Winner. Fred Cook'B ch. c by L.!nden-Ella H.
Rnnkin 81 also ran.
FOUP.TH KACn— Six furlor.es; handicap/
Brttir^. Hcn>p. Weipht. Jockey. St. »4 Kin.
Ki to 1— Schwalbe, 108 « Rr.bblns) . . 1 2 1 n
13 to 1 — The Kntucklan.110 <Adkn'» 2 1 2 n
13 to 1— Teiamon. lOfl 'Wilson) 3 3 3 2'i
Time, 1 :Jr>. Start rood. Won driving:. Wln
r<-r. B. SrhreibM-'s blk. t. toy Saln-Gratitude.
Oront<- J»6. Henry Bert 304, Toah 10S, Charlie
Thompson J)5, also ran.
FIFTH RACE — One ana a quart «r rsilej; sell
injr.
Betting. Hcree. "Weight. Jockpy. Ft. *; Kin.
« to 1— Lit. Elkln. !tt m.nhlllips). 7 5 1 12
R to 1— Fonsoluca. 1O <Hoffl> r ) S 1 2 3
7 to 1 — Compass. 91 < Wilson) 6 4 3 2tJ
Time. 2:0S 3-5. Start, rood. V.'on handily.
WinnT. J. Arthur's < h. g. by lAmpngliter-
F.mma Pickwick. Star Cotton OS John Mc-
Gur v 3CO. Hrenock 101, Sarr.ersault S3, also ran.
SIXTH RACE — One mile; purse.
Bettinjr. Horse, Weight. Jockey. Ft. *i Fin.
«> t-i r.— OrTro. 95 <He:gesrn) 2 111
4 10 1— Callant. ins <Won«Jerly) 5 3 2 1^
6 to 1— Lemlin. OS (U. Phillip*)... 4 4 a h
Tim«. 3 :42. Start poor. Won in a canter.
Winner. E. Corrigan's b. g. by Orsini-Moonlit.
Bjr Ways i>3. riratcr 100. Ethylene 104. alto
ran.
HAWTHORNE ENTRIES.
CHICAGO, Aug. 25. — Hawthorne entries:
Firrt race, five and a half furlongs — Willie
Nfwcotr.b 313. Buccaneer 113. Instructor 113.
Foresight 113, ¦William Wright 113. Copperne'.d
133 Banwell 108, Sol Smith 10S. Salto :0§,
Justin Morel JC5.
Second race, fix furlongs — Evening Star 107.
Nellie Wa<1<5ell 307, Delaeoa 107. Emma A M
102. Step Onward 102. Belle of Milford 302.
Ancfce 3<>0, Lura'.ighter 100, SylrU. Talbot 100.
Prodigality 1<X».
Third race, handicap, steeplechase, short
rourse— imperialist 345, Paulaker 14.1, • Indian
II 142. Gratia 137. Oliver Me 133. Slap Dash
130. Joe McGee 130. Mi?s Brandon 12S.
Fourth race, one rrtlle, handicap — The Ken
tuckian 10K. Henry Burt 103. Glassful 103.
Meehunuy 08. Dutch Carter 00.
Fifth raoe, one and an Hffhth miles, sell
ing—Th* I^ads«ar. 112. Larry Wilt 107. Bard
of .Avon 10*5, C B. Camcbell 106. Crchin 106,
Wins Dance 102. Jack Doyle 101, Rerir« 101.
Pirateer 101, Christine A !•«. Dodie R 1)7. Floyd
K W>, Zepho 83. Kilmorie 03. Fading Light 91.
Sixth race, rlx furlong?, pell'.ng — Sea Pirate
106. Quiz II 106 Frderal 104. Ida V 104. Hindus
I«l, Hetzel 300.' Boundary «J9. Sardine 89, Iver
r.!a f>n. Floral Wreath 02. .
V W>ath«T clear; track fast.
HAWTHORNE SELECTIONS.
Bv the Chicago Inter Ocean.
First race^ — Copperfleld, William
Wright, Buccaneer.
Second race — Sylvia Talbot, Dela
goa, Nellie Wadd'elL
Third race — Paulaker, Joe McGee,
Indian.
Fourth, race — Glassful, Eenry Bert,
The Kentuckian.
Fiftn race — Floyd X, Fading
Light, Serge.
Sixth race — Sardinej Federal,
Floral Wreath.
/
STANDING OF THE CLUBS.
(Pacific Coast League.) "
W. L. Pet. | ' W. L.. Pet.
Los Angeles. 83 4(5 .<H~ Portland 50 «« .460
San Fran'co..75 59 .C60 Seattle M 71 .431
Sacramento .67 63 .C20!Oakland 55 85 .392
Failure of Hargis, a Red-
Hot Favorite, Causes
a Tumuft.
Famous Horses Have to Be
Scratched From Sara
toga Card.
Aylmer Bruce Arrive-s by a
Nose After a Furious
Drive.
Both Teams Play Slow Ball
in Every Inning of
the Contest.
Angry Men Surround Ed
Corrigan and Threat
en Violence.
The Favorite at Kinloch
Park Outruns All
Competitors.
Muddy Track Prevents
McChesney and Her
mis Meeting.
Oakland Pitcher's Wild
Throw Lets Three
Runs In.
CROWD HISSES
AT HAWTHORNE
RANDIGAP GOES
TO AFRICANDER
GRAHAM'S ERROR
DECIDES ISSUE
RAINLAND WINS
IN THE STRETCH
Rain Stops Grand Circuit Races.
READVILLE, Mass., Aug.'. Co.— The
Grand Circuit 'races were ; postponed to
day on account of rain.
PACIFIC NATIONAL LEAGUE
DIRECTORS MEET TO-MORROW
Magnates Flan, Among Other Things,
x to Put a Good Team in
Portland.
BUTTE, Mont.. Aug. 25.— The meeting
of • the board of directors of the Pacific
National League, scheduled for next
Thursday at Spokane, will be held in
Butte on that day, according to a mes
sage received from • President Lucas. At
this meeting it is expected the status of
the league will be \ definitely determined.
The plan of the magnates to be discussed
at • Thursday's session is to put a good
team in Portland and give the Helena and
Tacoma franchises to .Whatcom and Van
couver. Salt Lake will be retained, mak
ing a six-club circuit. Manager D. E.
Dugdale of the Seattle club says lhat
Whatcom and Vancouver are vastly, su
perior to either Helena or .Tacoma as
baseball .towns and they will strengthen
the league considerably.
PITTSBUBG WINS TWO / •
GAMES AT PHILADELPHIA
Good Stickwork Helps the Victors.
Darkness Shortens the Sec
ond Contest.
NATIONAL LEAGUS.
PHILADELPHIA. Aug. 25.— Plttsburg won
two games from Philadelphia to-day by good
stick work. The second game was called at
the end of the sixth inning owing to darkness.
Roth was- spiked In the first game and was
compelled to retire. Attendance 2800. The
scores: •";££ i?Sf~V-?ir:
First game — . «• «• E.
Philadelphia * 7 1
Plttsburg o 12
Batteries— Duggleby. Roth and Dooin; Do
heny and Phelps. Umpire— Emslle.
Second same — R. H. E.
Philadelphia 0 6 2
Plttsburg. « 8 2
Batteries— Frazer and Dooln; Wlndham and
Smith. Umpires — Emslle and Hall.
AMERICAN LEAGUE.
DETROIT, N Aug. 25.— Chicago shut out De
troit to-day in an errorless game. Flaherty
was very effective '" and when Detroit had Its
only chance In the eighth inning he struck
out Barrett. Attendance 1058. Score: '
Pv. H. E.
Detroit 0 4 o
Chicago 2 10 0
Batteries — Donovan and Buelow; Flaherty
and Slattery. •
CLEVELAND, Ohio, Aug. 23. — Philadelphia
batted out the victory In the sixth inning after
Gochnauer had a chance ' to retire the side
wlthouta run. Kllllam finished the game and
prevented Philadelphia from ¦ scoring ' again.
Attendance 3100. Score:
R. H. E.
Cleveland 3 10 3
Philadelphia 9 1" 2
Batteries— Donahue, Kllllam and Abbott;
Henley and Schreck. ¦;¦*•¦
term* yesterday and will probably receive an
answer to-day. It la ten to one the three play
ers \ will come to Harris' terms and join the
borne team within a few. days.
. Peter Lohman's two new men — Catcher Ho
mer- Hlldebrand and : Pitcher. Johnson — arrived
from the south yesterday . afternoon. They
reached Oakland In time to witness the game
As soon as Peter beheld them he dug up : a
couple of old suits and made them get Into
the working duds • and behold the game from
the bench.
' Hildebrand is a stocky little chap of quiet
demeanor. He looks every Inch a ball-player
Johnson Is -a six-footer, built on the plans of
the treat Rube . Waddell. Both . men .will ; gtt
to. work immediately and should prove a tower
of . strength to the - cripples.
Arthur Hlldebrand. brother of Peter"* new
man, and the star Ditcher of the Pacific Na
tional'League, 1 will be In to-day and may pos
sibly sign up with one of 'the clubs, though It
Is doubtful. He has a contract to coach the
Princeton football team this ; season * and will
probably return to keep his engagement. Hllde
brand r was , for, years the best pitcher of the
Prlncton baseball team as well as one of its
ablest football ' players. : - • .
Uncle Henry. Is. likely .to wield the ax, If he
gets all these new. men. With Marshall on the
payroll' either Lynch or" Krug:. will be benched.
Then Uncle may possibly not need Kelly If he
closes with Zearfoss, > and surely one of - the
pitchers will ' have to go If Pnester 'Joins r the
ranks. Herr is probably | the . man, though no
one knows yet.
GOLFERS ELECT OFFICERS*
Captain J. S. Oyster Is Chosen Presi
dent of the Association.
DEL MONTE, Aug. 25.— At the fourth
annual meeting of the Pacific Coast Golf
Association held last night the follow
ing representatives were present. H. M.
Hoyt, Dr. J. R. Clark and A. S. LJlley
of the San Francisco Golf Club, J. W.
Byrne and Perry Eyre of the Burlingame
Country Club: A. C. Harvey and J. J.
Crooks, of the San Rafael Golf Club, C.
E. Orr of the Pasadena Country Club, W.
Frederickson, George Ellis, A. H. Braly
and J. E. Hoy of th€ Los Angeles Coun
try Club. In the absence of the Presi
dent J- W. Byrne was chosen temporary
chairman. Arthur Inkersley officiated
as secretary in the absence of R. Gilman
Brown. ,
The chairman explained that according
to the usual practice Northern California
would have the President of the Associa
tion for the coming year, while the an
nual championship tournament for ama
teurs would be held on a course in South
ern California. Captain J. S. Oyster of the
San Francjsco Golf Club, was unani
mously chosen president, C. E. Orr vice
president and R. Gllman Brown of the
San Rafael Golf Club secretary and
treasurer. The following were chosen
as members of the executive committiee:
C. E. Maud, J. E. x Cook, W.Frederickson
and E. B. Tufts of the Los Angeles
Country Club, H. M. Hoyt of the San
Francisco Golf Club, A. G. Harvey of the
San Rafael Golf Club, R. M. Fitzgerald
of the Oakland Golf Club and Perry Eyre
of the Burllngame Country Club.
The course and time of holding the
next amateur championship tournament
of the Association will be decided by the
Southern California Golf Association.
S. W. Watkins. a Grand Army veteran*
from Woodlawn. 111., was taken from the
Winchester Hotel yesterday morning to
a room at 227 Mason street to learn the
game of poker. He became suspicious anit
left. E. Barnett followed him and they
met Detectives Ryan and Taylor, who
arrested Barnett. and. returning to the
room, they arrested Harry Walters and
John Coulter, alias Furey. Chief Witt
man gave, instructions that the men be
shown to the watches at the different po
lice stations.
"Wanted to Teach Him Poker.
Discovers That There Is No Truth
in Mrs. Mary Vliet's
Story.
Police i Judge Mogan. after a few min
utes* deliberation yesterday afternoon, al
lowed Frederick Crossman. whom Mrs.
Mary Vllet charged with threatening her
life, to go free. There was no evidence
to show that Crossman had aver threat
ened the life of the woman and the Judge
promptly dismissed the case without ex
amining a single witness.
Mrd. Vllet. who on different occasions
has been known as Mrs. Hayes, Mra.
James and Mrs. Nelson, swore to a war
rant a few days ago charging Crossman
with threatening her life on the afternoon
of August 13.- It later developed that
Crossman never threatened the life of
the woman, but that she stopped him on
ths street and engaged him In conversa
tion, and Is alleged to have asked him to
elope with her. Crossman ignored the
woman and she. in a spirit of revenge,
swore out a warrant for his arrest.
Crossman was out of town when the
warrant was sworn to, but as soon as he
returned he gave himself up and the case
came up yesterday afternoon. When
Judge Mosran learned the facts ho
promptly threw the case out of his court
and told Crossman to go free, as It was
plain that there was no evidence to hold
him.
JUDGE MOGAN ALLOWS
CROSSXAN TO GO FREE
With his left jaw fractured In the sev
enth round by a dazing right uppercut
delivered by Billy Otts, Toby Irwin con
tinued to fight up to the tenth round last
night at the Reliance Club In Oakland.
Referee Eddie Smith then announced that
because of the injury Irwin could not go
on and Otts was awarded the decision.
Handicapped though he was for the
three last rounds, it was generally con
ceded that Toby had a strong lead over
Otts and would eventually have been de
clared the winner had the" bout progressed
the limit of fifteen rounds. In the eighth
round Irwln pummeled the soldier fighter
from the Philippines into a wobbly con
dition and it was only the longed-for
clang of the bell that saved Otts from
having his .colors trailed in defeat.
Both boxers resorted to jabbing' tactics
and before the battle had reached the
fourth round Irwin had brought the blood
from^Otts* nose. He then used his left
continually on the Bore organ, causing
Billy much annoyance. Toby did most of
his execution with his left hand and but
rarely brought his right glove into ac
tion. V His blocking and smothering of
blows aimed at his anatomy was clever,
as was the footwork of Otts.
In the opening round the boxers led,
sidestepped and blocked with honors
even. In the second Toby straight lefted
Billy and collided with a right swing that
caused him to wonJer where he was. At
the bell both,boxers were fighting fiercely.
There was a fast mixup In the third,
out of which Otts came bleeding profuse
ly. Billy assumed a crouch in the fourth
round, but was straightened up by Toby's
left hooks. At the close of this round Ir
win's head was knocked back with a snap
and he clinched to protect himself- from
Otts, who bored* in viciously. There was
considerable fiddling in the fifth, the best
blow being a right cross from Otts that
brought up against Toby's jaw and made
him slacken his pace. Otts tried for the
stomach in the sixth, # but Toby guarded
well and drove his opponent all over the
ring. ,~
The seventh began with a* feint and a
clinch. Otts then stepped in and drove
up a terrific right that stopped flush on
the point of Irwln's jaw. This was the
blow tbflt did the damage, but Toby nev
er heeded the smash and had Billy In dis
tress at the gong. Irwln went right after
his man in the eighth and had Otts tot
tering when the .round closed. Toby con
tinued his aggressive battling in the
•ninth and Billy was again caused to wob
ble. AVhen the bell sounded for the tenth
Referee Smith announced Irwin's injury
and proclaimed Otts the victor.
In the preliminaries Young McConnell
knocked out Jimmy Troy in the second
round of a' scheduled four-round go. Dan
ny Sullivan gave, Fred Otts all he cculd
assimilate in three rounds of a limited
eight-round bout, the contest being
stopped by the referee.
These bouts marked the resumption of
boxing in Oakland after a lull of ten
months. The events were witnessed by a
large assemblage.
AMATEURS IN THE RING.
Bay City Athletic Club Officials An
nounce an Attractive Card.
Paul Martin and Lew Powell will meet
to-night in Mechanics' Pavilion Annex
before the Bay City Athletic Club In a
four-round boxlne bout for the amateur
feather-weight championship. Of thirteen
fights Powell has won nine by knocking
out his opponents. Martin is a clever
boxer and has a decision over Billy Leon
ard to his credit.
George Braun of the Olympic Club will
meet William Stewart, who made a suc
cessful debut last week at N the San Fran
cisco Club. Four other bouts will com
plete what looks like a great card. Mil
ton Hayes will referee all bouts.
In the selection .o! officials for the
world's Olympian games which will be
held In St. Louis during- the exposition
next year Californians have been highly
honored.
W. B. Hinchman. president of the Pa
cific Athletic Association, has been ap
pointed a member of the main committee
which will have charge of the games by
James E. Sullivan, chief of the physical
culture department.
Of the sectional committees apportioned
to the different parts of the country that
for the Pacific Coast Is announced as fol
lows: Herbert Houser, chairman; Ezra
Decoto, Thomas Harris, D. D. Olephant,
D. E. Brown and George James.
It is expected a strong team of athletes
will b« sent on to represent this coast.
Members will be selected from the va
rious colleges, hish schools and athletic
clubs. A tryout will be held next spring
to determine which men shall have the
honor of competing with the world's
greatest athletes. The games at St. Louis
will commence in May and will continue
until November.
Special Dispatch to The Call
DEL, MONTE, Aug. 25.-The second
match round over eighteen holes of the
competition for the Del Monte golf cup
for men took place this morning, the
weather being beautifully warm and
bright. A. H. Braly beat A. G. Harvey
3 up, 2 to play; C. E. Orr beat J. A.
Jevne after a close match 1 up: Dr< C. H.
Walter defeated Captain T. B. S. Men
zles. 3 up, 2 to play, and Captain J. S.
Oyster won from H. M. Hoyt 4 up,' 3 to
play.
In the afternoon the semi-final round
was played. Neither of the matches
proved close. C. E. Orr beating A. H.
Braly 4 up. 3 to play, and Dr. C. H. Wal
ter winning: from Captain J. S. Oyster 5
up, 4 to play. • -
The final round over thirty-six holes,
eighteen in the morning and eighteen In
the afternoon, will be played to-morrow
between C. E. Orr of the Pasadena Coun
try Club and Dr. C. H. Walter of the
Linda Vista Golf Club of San Jose. A
close and interesting: match, is expected.
Both players drive a long ball, but the
Pasadena man is considered to have the
advantage In- approaching and in get
ting out of difficulties. Dr. C. H. Walter
is steady and sure on the green.
In the afternoon the qualifying round
over eighteen holes of the competition for
the Del Monte cup for women was played.
The eight competitors were paired as fol
lows: Mrs. E. T. Perkins of the Los
Angeles Club with Mrs. La Montagne,
Miss Edith Chesebrouerh with Mrs. J. R.
Clark, both of the San Francisco Golf
Club; Miss Margaret Hately with Miss
Whittell and Miss Dolbeer with Mrs. W.
G. Miller.
Miss Chesebrough, Miss "Whittell and
Mrs. J. R. Clark returned excellent scores.
The ladles played twice around the short
courge of nine holes, which has a total
length of 2204 yards, with a "bogey" of 36.
The following scores were made: Miss
Edith Chesebrough. 43, 40— total 83; Miss
Whittell. 43. 42— total 85; Mrs. J. R. Clark.
45, 40— total 88; Miss Dolbeer, 45, 46— total
91; Mrs. E. T. Perkins, 51, 48— total 99;
Miss Margaret Hately. 62, 47— total 99;
Mrs. La Montagne, 51. 54— total 105; Mrs.
W. G. Miller, 54, 52— total 106. A. G. Har
vey, H. M. Hoyt Dr. J. R. Clark and
Captain T. B. S. Menzles acted as scorers
for the ladles.
To-morrow afternoon the first round at
match play will begin, the eight ladles
who Qualified being matched as follows:
Miss Edith Chesebrough against Mrs. E.
T. Perkins, Miss Whittell against Miss
Margaret Hately, Mrs. J. R. Clark against
Mra. La Montasne and Miss Dolbeer
against Mrs. W. G. Miller.
Unless Mrs. E. T. Perkins should play
a much better game than she did to-day
the winner of every match can be fore
told almost -with .certainty. Mrs. T.
Perkins is well known to golfers as Mrs.
Jean W. Bowers, a former woman cham
pion of Southern California. The match
between her and Miss Chesebrough, who
plays a remarkably steady game, driv
ing, approaching and putting well, is be
ing looked forward to with much interest.
On Thursday the match between teams
representing Northern and Southern Cali
fornia will be played for the Byrne tro
phy. It will be over thirty-six holes,
eighteen in the morning- and eighteen In
the afternoon. The exact number <ff men
to be included in the teams has not yet
been decided, but will probably not be
less than eight nor more than ten.
On Thursday afternoon the second
round of match play for the Del Monte
cup for women will take place, the con
testants being the winners of the four
matches to-morrow.
Referee E. J. Smith Stops the
Proceedings in the v
Tenth.
Mrs. E. T. Perkins to Play
Miss Chesebrough
To-Day.
Representative Team of Ath
letes Will Ba Sent
Prom Here.
Name Them as Officials
for the Olympian
Gamea
O. E. Orr and Dr. Walters
in the Final for
the Cup.
Sustains a Broken, Jaw
in the Seventh
Round.
HIGHLY HONOR
CALIFORNANS
CRACK GOLFERS
AT DEL MONTE
IRWIN SUCCUMBS
TO BILLY OTTS
THE SAN FBANCISCO CALL; WEDNESDAY^ AUGUST 26. 1903.
SPORTS OF THE RACETRACK, THE PRIZE-RING, THE BASEBALL DIAMOND AND THE FIELD
Russians Suspend a Trainer.
ST. PETERSBURG. Aug.' 25.— John Oli
ver Kelne of. Lexington, Ky.. a trainer,
has been suspended for a year owing to
the alleged drugging of a horse. The
stable with which Kcine was connected
has met with phenomenal success. Dur
ing the last five months it' has won 3100.
©09. Keine denies ' the . charge lodged
against him and has appealed to Grand
Duke ConEtantinovltch., the protector of
Russian racing.
Boxer Frank Neil Goes South.
Frank Neil, the bantamweight champion
boxer. leave* to-night for Los Angeles,
where he Is to meet Billy de Coursey. The
latter will outweigh him by nearly nine
pound?. If Neil wins this match he will
ro East, where It seems all the boxers of
his weight want to meet him.
A new wonder has developed in the East
in "Pinkey" Evans. The latter knocked
out the clever colored boy. Mississippi, re
cently, in seventeen rounds, the first time
he has been defeated.
Hacing at The Meadows.
SEATTLE. Aug. 23. — Following Is a 'mm
icary of to-day' * running at The Meadows:
Five and a half furlongs — Flourish won. Lit
tle Mlnch Jr. second. Knocking* third. Time,
Five furlonjrs — Bionflura won. The Toller
second. I>ord Eldred third. Time. 1:04.
One rnile and seventy yards — Invictus won.
Major Hooker second. Pettlgrew third. Time,
l:50'i. y
Five and a half furlongs — Almoner won. Bee
Kosewatpr eccond. Skirmish third. Time,
1 :WVt-
Seven furlonps — Ho*ln won. KI Piloto second.
Arthur Uay third. Time. 1:81 >&.
Danny Maher Again in the Saddle
LONDON. Aug. 23.— "Danny" Maher,
the American jockey, won the Bradgate
Park selling plate to-day at the York Au
gust meetinc on Rather Warm. Maher
subsequently won the chief event of the
day, the Prince of Wales plate, on Cin
quefoil. W. C. Whitney's Hands Down,
ridden by Skeets Martin, was third.
At a special meeting of the Wolfe Tone
Football Club yesterday it was decided
to accept the challenge for a game Issued
by the Emerald Club. The prizes will be
a set of medals. The date of the match
will be fixed soon.
8
ADVERTISEMENTS.
A£f A^a iBf fffjj _^H1^^^^ ,^fc
J MILWAUKEE.
JUS Watch for the
fl[ * triangular label on
g|4|g the bottle. It
PUjflij stands for uni-
JQzZjM formity and all
/y$a£& that's good and
Always the same good old Bfatz.
YAl.BUTZBSESlS6C0.,ffll,WA0IEE
Braunschwelger & Co., toe.
5 and 7 DRUMM ST., San Francisco.
Tel. Main 1M«. Wholes*!* Dealers.
@Vim, Vigor, Vitality for Men.
MORMON BISHOP'S PILLS
have been la us« orer flft/
years by tha leaders of tba
Mormon Church and th«tr
followers. Positively car» tt>«
worst cases in old aad voanc
arlMnj from effect* of ••If-
abuae. dissipation. exce*»e« of
cigarette smcltlnc- Cure Lost
Manhood. Impotencr. **«
Power Nicht Losses. In'xitn-
nla. Pain* In Back. Erll I*>»' re 2-.J' am ? B* 5 *-
Nervous Debility. Headache. Unfltness to Alar-
Don't «et despondent, a cure Is at hand. R»-
ttor. Vmall. undeveloped organs. SttmnUu
the brain and nerve centers: 50o a box; fl fo»
$2 BO by malL A written iruarantea to car. a*
money refunded with 8 boxes. Circulars fr*«.
Trirfreu TbISHOP REMEDY CO.. 40 Ellis St.
¦£?3ni5lSS. C.LOBANT DBUO CO.. 39
and 40 Third st. - 1_______
2 visit DR. JORDAN'S grcat 6
tHUSEUH OF ANATOMY*
d GD lSHKA2SZ7S?.t«t.S:*l?Ji.3.r.Ci!.i
Y Br The Lar^ e»t Anatomical Museum ia tbs \
A J . World. W eaknesses o» any cocnactoi A
7 3gg% di»e»>e *»iJU»«-lj earadnytheoMot f
O *^«I b P eaallst on the Co *»«- E»t.j6yeirv O
A A%WVl DR. JORDAN-DISEASES 07 MEN A
\ f ffiT&S Consultation free *nd stri. t!y priviM. \
O I I*«f a Treatment personally or by letter. A ff
f I flr II PMitfM Cttrtia every case undertaken. \
iS/ ltt Write for B»k,pnH.OtOrnY.! A
'f I I H JltnilUUK, MAILED FKES. (AT
\ R Ji valuable book for mm) \
9 on. JOCDA5 A CO.. 1051 Market SL.9. F. 9
J"i^ Those sufferinr from weak-
W00 nesses which sap the pleasures
m " * of life should take Juvcn Pills.
iar One bottle will tell a story ef
marvelous results. This medicine has more
rejuvenating, vitalizing force than has ever
been offered. Sent by mail in plain paekaga
only on receipt of this adv. ana SL
Made by its originators C. I. Hood Co., pro-
prietors Hood's Sarsaparilla. Lowell. Mass,MEDIA, Pa., Aug. 25.— Robert Kilpat
rlck was. hanged In the Jail yard here to
day for tne murder in February, 1902, of
Elizabeth Bearmore, his housekeeper. He
was the first white man to be executed
in Delaware County In more than sixty
years.
Washington — Henry Ammann and - A. - D.
Campbell. Spokane, electric railway signal;
Elijah H~ Grammer, Kanaskat. watch block;
John 'F, Muncey, Everett," .rotary engine;
Thomas M. Park. : Darrington, attachment for
automatic leading -machines: Wiiriam R. Sny
der. Seattle, apparatus for controlling move
£neat of cara upon inclines. ,,-'
".•WASHINGTON," Aug. 25.— Postofflce discon
tinued: Washington — Sarpho. Clallam County,
mall to Beaver.
Postmaster commissioned: California-
Thomas R. Strader, Miramar.
Fourth-class postmasters appointed: Cali
fornia—Robert G. Altkln. Mount Hamilton,
Santa Clara County, vice LJzzie CUcdlow, re
signed; George Wilson. Merrill, Klamath Coun
ty vlca Frank S. Brandon, resigned.
Army orders — First Lieutenant Btn I.ear Jr..
Fifteenth Cavalry, will report to commanding
general Department of California, for duty
until further orders. Captain George W. Mo-
Iver ' Beventh Infantry, upon - being relieved
from recruiting service. Portland. Or., by Cap
tain William i Wallace, will report to San
Francisco, thence to Philippine*.
' Patents Issued to-day: California— John W.
Adam«, asilfnor one-half to V, U. Fraw
ley, Santa Ana. window screen: Oarles K.
Forry, San Francisco, can header: Herman H.
Fowler, Oakland, marine propulsion; Charles
F. Hamlln. ' Pasadena, grass receptacle for
lawnmowers; Sydney B. House, Batlcoy, steam
engine; Philip Krall, assignor one-half to H.
Schutte, San Francisco, swing letters: Henry
F. Rice, Tustin, vehicle nut wrench ;¦ El Fogo
Rlveroll. Los Angeles. smelting furnace;
Charles F. Scott, Wlnthrop. pump: V.'HIlam H.
Smyth. Berkeley, can body machine; Edmund
Ij. Van der Nalllen, San Francisco, apparatus
for extracting gold and other metals from
ores; John N. Young," Alameda. stove ox range.
Oregon— James A. Oavitt, Pendleton. snap
hook. - , ' . x .:¦¦-. . •
Postofflce Changes, Army Orders and
v Patents Issued Recently to
Local Inventors.
OF INTEREST TO PEOPLE
OF THE PACIFIC COAST
At a meeting of the Police Commission
ers held at the Hall of Justice last even-
Ing T«omas D. Daley and David B. Sut
ton were appointed members of the regu
lar department. The case of Patrolman
John Jordan was postponed until next
Tuesday evening, and a charge of refus
ing to obey a subpena made against Po
liceman Harry Crowley was dismissed.
Policeman Teutenberg, charged with un
officerllke conduct, was exonerated.
Police Commissioners Meet.
Henry Hammerschmldt, who was burn
ed by ignited gasoline last Sunday after
noon, died in the German Hospital at 8
o'clock yesterday morning. His mother,
who was taken to the same place to be
treated for burns, is in a critical condi
tion. They were engaged in cleaning fur
niture in tneir rooms at I23>i Sixth street,
using gasoline In a teacup. The young
man struck a match for the purpose of
lighting a cigarette and the flame of the
match ignited the vapor from the gaso
line, Betting them both on fire.
Died of His Burns.
The San Bernardino County Exchange
represents 660 carloads of citrus fruit
shipped last year, and It expects to con
trol 1500 to 2000 the coming season.. It
plans to market. its fruit independent of
either the exchange or the Citrus Union,
both of which are represented lij the
Eastern -markets by the California Fruit
Agency, a joint selling concern. It is ad
mitted that it will cost the county ex
change more to market the fruit than It
would the Southern Californl. Exchange,
on account of the much greater volume
of its business. But the alleged arbitrary
methods of the latter, In combining with
the«Citrus Union to force independent
growers Into the concern, led to a step
which may be far-reaching and. possibly
lead to the demoralization of the markers.
Orchards 1 ' controlled -by -,-¦ the county—ex
change, represent the best of this j citrus
district. ,
SAN BERNARDINO, Aug. 25.— The San
Bernardino County Fruit Exchange, rep
resenting local associations In all parts
of this county, except the extreme west
ern, in session at Colton to-aay, voted to
withdraw from the Southern California
Fruit Exchange. This action wa3 taken
by- the directors after the question had
been referred to the separate exchanges
for ratification, and it means the first
substantial defection from the co-opera
tive plan of marketing fruit which has
been in vogue in Southern California for
a dozen years.
VOTE TO WITHDRAW
FROM FRUIT EXCHANGE
LONDON, Aug. 23.— Arthur Russell, ex
aminer of the official receiver's office, who
had charge of the liquidation of the Whlt
aker Wright companies, was the principal
witness to-day against Wright. He said
that at the end of November, 1900, the
London and Globe was indebted to brok
ers and Jobbers to the amount of $8,017,280.
This liability, which did not appear on
the balance sheet December 6, 1900, was
transferred to the books of the sister
companies, of which Wright was man
aging director. In December the London
and Globe was dealing in shares of com
panies which had never been formed and
to which no capital had ever been sub
scribed. 8hares to the extent of more than
$5,000,000 in companies of which Wright
was managing director" had no market
value whatever. The case was continued.
TELiS HOW PROMOTER
WRIGHT JUGGLED ACCOUNTS
Witness Shows the Method Used to
Cover an Indebtedness of
$8,017,280.
Chit-f .Deputy Charles Vogelsang of the
Fish Commission noticed that quantities
cf black bass were being -served on tables
iff local hotels and sent Deputy Davis to
the Sacramento Iliver Valley to see how
the fish were caught. The law allows
black bass to be taken only by hook anrl
line. Davis and Constable Parker of
Woodland found some set baes nets in
Sacraxnento Slough near Vernon and
camped there until T. J. Miles and A. S.
Dlnwaddle appeared to carry off the
catch. The fishermen were arrested and
Justice of the Peace Mulaney of Nicolaus,
Sutter County, held them to answer in
$100 cash ball each.
Game Law Violators Are Caught.
Lieutenant Horace G. Foster A o f the
laymaster's Department of the army,
who will sail for the Philippines on Sep
tember 1, was tendered a farewell ban
quet at a downtown restaurant last even-
Ing by fellow members of the Press Club.
Lieutenant Foster enlisted during the
Spanish-American War in the Eighth
California as a private in the company
commanded by Captain Barnes, and was
mustered out as a lieutenant. His service
in the Philippines will extend over a pe
riod of two years. Those present at last
night's affair, besides the guest of the
evening, were: . Joseph A. Sheldon, Cap
tain W. S. Barnes. Dr. A. P. O'Brien,
Winfield Blake. Philip Bolger, Dr. C. D,
McGettigan, W. J. Batchelder, W. \V.
Kaufman,' Arthur G. Fisk, A. T. Dobson,
L. E. Stcver.
Lieutenant Foster Banqueted.
AUTOMOBILE FRtOHTEN'3 HORSE.—
While Oecar Muesdofler and his sister wi«re
driving near the park yesterday afternoon
their horse took fright at an automobile and
ran away. Miss Muesdoffer was thrown to the
ground and badly cut on the head. She wan
treated at the Park Emergency Hospital. •
Louis Stornebrink, the young man who
was accidentally shot In Mendoclno Coun
ty on August 7 last. Is making rapid prog
ress toward recovery and will soon be
dismissed from the Lane Hospital, where
he now lies.
Stornebrink Will Recover.
Decrees* of divorce were granted to
Maude A. Greenig against Daniel T.
QreenSg for neglect and Selig Nutes from
Michly Nutes for desertion.
In a complaint for divorce filed yester
day by Mary Reynolds againrt Clark W.
ctcjnolds, a musician, she charges that
he tias deserted her and that for the last
year he has not provided for her or thejr
child. She asks for f50 a month for her
solf and $35 a month for the support and
education of the child. They live at 107
Turk street.
Suits for divorce were also filed by Rosa
Gowan against Frank Gowan for cruelty,
Ar.na C. Wellbrock against Henry Well
brcck f.or cruelty and Mamie E. Drollin
gff against John H. Drolllnger for de-
Fcrtion."
Mrs. Mary Reynolds in Divorce Suit
Asks to Be Allowed $85
a Month. •
WIFE OF MUSICIAN CLAIMS
' HE IS NOT GOOD PROVIDER
Chin Yeun and Tee Hung. Chinese high
binders, were convicted by a jury in
Judge Ccok'a court yesterday on a charge
of robbery, and will be sentenced on Sat
urday. On March 27 they went to a house
at 5^3 St. Louis alley, knocked down Lai
Sim, one of the women Inmates and forci
bly took from her two bracelets and three
gold rings of the value of $S0.
Chinese Convicted of Robbery.
The members of the Board of Educa
tion, accompanied by Mayor Schmitz and
School Superintendent Langdon, began
their annual inspection of schools yes
terday. A number of schools In the out
lying districts were visited, including
Hunters Point, Burnett. South End, Sun
nydale, John Taylor, Monroe, and Sheri
dan schools. They were all found in ex
cellent condition, with large numbers of
pupils.
Deputy Superintendent of Schools Suz
zalo addressed the teachers of the first
grade on the subject of arithmetic yes
terday. About twenty-five pedagogues
listened to an interesting discourse.^
Through inadvertence Director Wood
ward was quoted in last Monday's Call
as saying that a competitive examination
for positions as teachers would not be
held for two years. The period "one
year" should be substituted for "two
years," as it is highly probable that an
other examination will be ordfred for
next June or July.
Accompanied by Mayor Schmltz and
Superintendent Langdon, Body
Visits Outlying Schools.
BOARD OF EDUCATION
ON ANNUAL INSPECTION
When the houses had been pillaged the
Turkish peasants loaded their horses with
whatever the soldier* left and the resi
dences were burned. The sack of Kreus
hevo lasted three days.
On the following ihorplng the Komstljas
established a provisional Government and
instituted a jnew police and municipality.
They killed ten Christians, whom they be
lieved had betrayed their _plans of the
commission. The notables of the town
were compelled to contribute $10,000 to^the
revolutionary fund.
The provisional Government constructed
a. rampart inclosing the town and the in
habitants were ordered to melt down
their spoons to make bullets.
The Turks, Informed of the capture of
the town, sent from Perlep three squad
rons of cavalry, which were attacked en
route and compelled to retire with a loss
of 100 killed.
On August 13 the Turks concentrated
seven battalions and one battery on
Kreushevo.. They made an offer to the
Komltaijltas to allow the women and chil
dren ' to leave town. This proposal waa
declined and the bombardment began. The
.Komltaijltas quickly abandoned the town
and escaped to the neighboring forest,
where pursuit was Impossible.
The Turks entered the town, and. guided
by Turkish . villagers from the neighbor
hood, attacked the .houses of the' Greek
notables and ordered the inmates to | b«
searched and stripped. —They seised the
money and Jewels and ravished the wo
men, those who resisted being killed. A
Greek priest who sought to protect his
daughter was killed. The girl's earrings
were torn out andyher hand was chopped
off to secure a bracelet. I
.The terrified inhabitants remained in
doors. The band first burned the resi
dences of the Mudlr and massacred the
garrison of Turkish soldiers and officials
of the town, but the intruders spared the
Turkish harems.
After making fortunes abroad by their
diligence and economy they return to
spend their wealth in Kreushevo, where
they own fine houses, furniture and Jew
els. The Turkish inhabitants of the sur
rounding villages have long envied the
prosperity of Kreushevo. In July last
the authorities of Kreushevo, observing
the threatening movement, begged the
Vail of Monastir to send reinforcements,
as the garrison of thirty soldiers was
Insufficient to cope with an insurgent at
tack. These warnings were ignored. On
August 2. the day fixed for the Bulgarian
attack on Kreushevo. while four mar
riages were being celebrated In the Greek
church, a number of Komstljas, by pre
arrangement, remained hidden in . the
church and were locked In by the sacris
tan on' the conclusion of the ceremony. ¦
At 10 o'clock at night they sounded an
alarm by ringing the church bells. Simul
taneously a band of 30Q Insurgents headed
by Peteroff entered the town, discharging
their rifles. .
MONASTIR, European Turkey. Aug. 23.
—The once beautiful city of Kreurhevo
is a heap of ruins. The women and chil
dren are homeless, exposed to the weath
er and famine. .The town is rendered un
inhabitable by the odor of corpses,
which are neglected, and gnawed by dogs
and pigs, the Turkish authorities refus
ing to allow them to be removed under
the pretext that an inquest will be held.
Kreushevo is eight hours distant from
Monastir. It contains 250 houses and 1000
Inhabitants,. mostly Vlacks, calling them
selves Greeks.
Details of the Terrible Scenes at the
- Time cf Massacre.
RUINS AT KREUSHEVO. *
OAKLAND, Aug. 23.— The following
marriage licenses were Issued by the
County Clerk to-day: James Flood. 54.
and Martha M. Turner, 33. both of Oak
land; Wayne McCloud. 26, San Francisco,
and Margaret L. Matthew, 23, Berkeley;
Carsten F. Stromberg. 21, and Anna E.
Eide, 21. both of Oakland; Jules J. Al
tube, 37, and Amelie- Altube, 31. both of
San Francisco; Wilbur H. Halsey, 36, and
Sophie E- Sohst, 25, both of Oakland.
Marriage Licenses.
c It Is declared in the opinion, then, that
Hoards of Supervisors must refund only
such Illegally collected taxes as have been
paid .f Ince 1901 and have been made the
subject of claims within six months after
payment.
gaily Collected Taxes.
In response to an inquiry from District
Attorney Adair of Mariposa County rel
ative to the repayment of Illegally col
lected tax moneys. Attorney General
Webb rendered an opinion yesterday set
ting forth the status of all such claims J
Section SfcG4 of the Political Code made it'
mandatory upon all Boards of Supervisors
to refund the amount of taxes illegally
collected. An amendment was passed at
the 1901 session of the Legislature making
it necessary for payees to present their
claims within a period of six months af
tt-r fcuch illegal payment.
The Attorney General holds In respect
to~c!aims more than two years old that
section 4072 of the Political Code is applic
able. This measure provides that claims
must be filed within a year after the pay
me£.t of illegally collected taxes. Hence
recovery at the present time is barred
by the statute of limitations.
DEFINITELY SETTLES
MOOT LEGAL QUESTION
Attorney General Renders Opinion
Relative to Repayment of Ille-
Consul of the Netherlands George G. J.
Marslly has taken a kindly interest in the
case. He stated that he was only slight
ly acquainted with the dead man, but that
the Count had formally called upon him
some time ago and inscribed his name in
the register of the consulate. He had had
a long conversation with him at that time
and had learned considerable of his his
tory, the main facts of which have al
ready been published. The Consul said:
The funeral will take place as stated unless
we receive advicos from his home in Belgium
to make other arrangements.
No advices have been received as yet. The
count was a gentleman and his family a nobl«
one. Under the existing circumstances it was
perhaps as well his end came when it did. I
never heard of his connection. with Princess de
Chimay. but her magnificent figure and great
beauty attracted so many men that I am nut
purprised to hear that he fell a victim to her
charms.
Count Van der Velde, whose life ter
minated suddenly on the beach last Sun
day, will be quietly burled on Friday
at 2 p. m. The funeral will take place
in Oakland from the undertaking estab
lishment of Leltch & Corrlgan, 878 Broad
way. This man of noble birth, brought
up In luxury, the associate of the upper
classes and at one time the favorite of
the notorious Princess de Chimay, would
lie in a pauper's grave but for the inter
vention «f a few. friends.
Van der Velde to Be Buried in Oak
land at Expense of His
Friends.
DEAD COUNT'S FAMILY
FAILS TO SEND ADVICES
Stevens was badly beaten about the
head, but his injuries are not serious.
Shea was locked up in the City Prison.
Stevens' cries attracted Special Police
man GUlen to the Bcene. At his approach
Shea fled, followed by two shots from
Glllen's revolver. He was captured a
few/minutes later by Policeman Joy on
Pacific street, near Kearny. V /V--
James Shea, a notorious character, well
known to the police, attempted to hold
up William Stevens, a sailor, on Pacific
street, near Sansome, at 2 o'clock this
morning. l .
James Shea Attempts to Rob Sailor
William Stevens and Comes !
to Grief.
FOOTPAD CAPTURED
BY A POLICEMAN
» .
Detectives Wren and Bailey were sent
to investigate the case, but they have lit
tle hopes of making an arrest.
The victims describe the robbers as
young men, each about 25 years of age.
Neither patrolman had seen any one in
the neighborhood whom they could sus
pect, and they were surprised when told
of the affair. . . ¦•
"Now, gentlemen, if. any of you make a
move it's all day with you. We need
this money; otherwise we would be more
lenient with you," said the desperado
calmly.
Both men backed out of the .door and
when Dr.- Kimmiss ; recovered Ihimself
and ran to the street they had dis
appeared. Police whistles were blown
and Policemen P. J. McMannus and Tom
O'Connell were soon on the scene.
Chief Deputy Tax Collector J. A. Simp
son was next commanded to hand out his
valuables. When he told the - desperado
that all he had was the 25 cents on the
tablo in front of him«he was ordered to
turn out his pockets.
About this time the other robber called
upon- his partner to hurry up and get out
of the place.
f With his pistol still pointed at the pro
prietors he backed away a,nd leaving his
partner to hold Bohner under cover with
his sun he went into the back room of
the place. Five men were seated at a
table playing a friendly game for the
drinks. The robber leveled his revolver at
the players and said that he was In need
of money r.nd that if any of the partici
pants in the game made a move he would
kill them. Bruce D. Kimmiss. a physician
living at 201 Turk street, one of the play
ers, thinking that the robber was joking,
Bald, "I have $25 and a good watch and
chain. If you get It you are a good one."
The robber in stern tones replied: "Now,
I'm" not kidding: cough up or I'll certain
ly nut you to sleep for keeps."
Kimmiss realized that the man meant
business and handed over "his wealth and
his Jewelry. C. H. Lauders, who is as
sociated with Kimmiss, was the next vic
tim. On the thug's demand he handed
over his watch and chain and 25 cents.
Charles Rust, a Grand Army of the Re
public veteran, handed out a nickel and
was lucky enough to hold out a valuable
gold watch and chain.
SIMPSON PARLEYS.
VICTIMS OBEY ORDER.
Just at midnight two men walked into
the grocery store, entered the saloon por
tion of the place and covering the pro
prietor, John Bohner, with revolvers,
commanded him to throw up hia hands,
with the threat that If he refused he
would be filled full of lead.
¦ Both men had their faces covered' with
bandana handkerchiefs, with only their
eyes showing.
When Bohner was co'vered by the men
he thought that they were some boys
of the neighborhood who were joking
with him, but the imperative demand of
one of the robbers to throw up his hands
had tho desired effect. Bohner had a pis
tol at the end of the bar, but with both
men pointing their revolvers in his face
he had no chance to reuch for it.
One of the thugs walked behind the bar
and took 1-5 from the register.
and considerable jewelry. . '
The robbery was the most audacious
that has been reported to the police in
many years.
Two desperate men committed a dar
ing robbery at the grocery and liquor
store at the northwest corner of Turk
and Leavenworth streets at midnight
last night, and relieved the six men .who
were in the place of some fifty dollars
Daring- Felony Completed, Thjey Back
Out of Store and Succeed'
¦in Making Their
Escape.
Cover Victims With Revol
vers and Take Coin and
ADJUTANT GENERAL.
At the present time he holds the re
sponsible position of Adjutant General of
California, having been appointed by for
mer Governor Gase to fill the vacancy
caused by the death of General W. H.
Seamans. General Stone is a man of abil
ity and executive force, but it is a ques
tion whether he could adjust his busi
ness affairs so that he could give all of
his time to the public service for a period
of two years. It is understood that he
asked to be relieved from the^dutles of
the Adjutant Generalship shoFtly after
Governor Pardee was inaugurated, as he
desired to give, more time to the cement
manufacturing business in which be is
largely engaged.
Henry J Crocker may become a for
midable competitor for the Republican
nomination for Mayor. Efforts were made
by his friends two years ago to get him
into the political arena, but he positively
refused to go In.
It la the Judgment of many Republicans
that Charles \V. Slack would make an ex
cellent Mayor, but his consent to run for
office cannot be obtained. It is the general
talk that his nomination would be equiva
lent to his election.
A. B. Spreckels, another widely known
popular N Republlcan, has been urged time
and again to allow his name to be pre
sented a* a candidate for Mayor. He gives
a negative answer to every delegation.
His duties as president of the Board of
Park Commissioners are congenial and
take about all the time he can give to
the public service.
Reuben H. Lloyd has been declining
nominations for Mayor ever since 1876,
and the habit of declining has so grown on
him that he cannot break away from it.
FIELD OF ASPIRANTS.
There is a large field of Republican as
pirants for the Clerkship. Talk
of a complete readjustment of that de
partment of the municipal government
meets with great favor. Among the prom
inent names mentioned for the nomina
tion are those of Colonel Thomas O'Nell.
Major Hugh T. Sime and State Senator
John H. Nelson.
There ia very little opposition in Demo
cratic circles to the nomination of Frank
lin K. Lane for Mayor. Yesterday a well
known Democrat remarked:
"The programme is to nominate Lane.
A printing office downtown is getting cut
his picture, fifty feet wide and one hun
dred feet high."
Thomas W. Hlckey la the organization's
candidate for chairman of the Democratic
convention. Joseph E. O'Donnell^wlll be
put forward as an opposing candidate.
Unless all signs fall there will be lively
doings in the Democratic convention.
District Attorney Bylngton's renomlnatlon
is assured. The masterly activity of his
deputies at the primary election brought
teveral solid delegations to the Byington
camp. The old Democratic plan of ap
pointing a special committee to select can
didates for the Board of Supervisors will
not be set aside to please the district lead
ers. Franklin K. Lane may be permitted
to name the whole bunch, after the fash-
Ion introduced by James D. Phelan.
The advisory council, or central body, of
the United Republican League will meet
this evening to consider campaign sub
jects. This central body; la composed of
the vice president and executive commit
teeman of each Assembly district club of
the league. Topics pertaining to registra
tion will receive special attention to-night.
The league Is desirous of getting every
Republican voter on the register.
Citizens of San Francisco should not
overlook the fact that two Important elec
tions will take place before the regular
municipal election. On September 23
twelve propositions for public Improve
ments will be submitted to the people.
The question will then be settled whether
bonds shall be issued to carry out these
proposed measures of improvement. On
October 8 the Geary-street railroad prop
osition will be submitted to the voters.
On Tuesday, November 3, the election of
municipal officers for the ensuing two
years will take place.
The Republicans stand an excellent
chance of .winning nearly everything in
sight at the election for local officers.
This bright prospect of success is bring
ing out a lesion of candidates for the
favor of the nominating convention. In
the matter of Supervisors a great deal
of interest is manifested. Voters were
assured when they were invited to sup
port the delegates put forward by the
clubs of the United Republican League
thaf the Assembly district delegations
should settle the question of Superviso
rial nominations. It happens that the
number of Supervisors corresponds with
the number of Assembly districts, hence
it is probable that each district delega
tion will present to the convention the
name of an indorsed candidate for the
Board of Supervisors.
It would.not cause a great deal of sur
prise in political circles if General George
Stone should become the Republican nom
inee for Mayor of Ban Francisco. His
merits as a possible candidate were con
sidered two years ago, but at that time
he would not permit his name to go be
fore the convention. His friends assert
that he would accept the nomination in
this campaign If the convention should
decide to place him at the head of the
ticket.
He asked if the merchants were pre
pared, to go on another series of years
with schoolhouses a discredit to any first
class city, with sewers a patchwork, end
to end, and a public library in unfit quar
ters, am* with parka and playgrounds ab
solutely below the standard of any first
class city.
F. W. Dohrmann felt the bond issue re
quired careful and serious consideration
before reaching a final conclusion.
Ex-Mayor James D. Phelan approved a
bond issue so far as it applied to new
schools, a new City and County Hospital,
parks and playgrounds and a scientific
sewer system. He deplored the condition
of the City and County Hospital, which
he described as a germ breeder and death
trap.
Other speakers were Miss Catherine Hit
tell, City Engineer Grunsky and George
Renner.
Symmes spoke of the opportunity the
citizens will have to vote on the proposed
Issue of bonds to the amount of I18.0UO.00O
for city improvements. Judging from
what many people were saying, said
Symmes, there seemed to be a lack of
confidence in those who were liable to
have the spending of the money, an as
sertion that prompted a volley of ap
plause, repeated again and again.
Whether the lack of confidence was Jus
tified or not, said Symmes. it must not be
forgotten that extravagance exists and
will continue to exist in all municipal a£
fairs, which he said could not be conduct
ed exactly like a mercantile business.
Though unable to attend. A. S. Baldwin
wrote, stating that he opposed the Issu
ance of bonds for the construction of
school buildings, sewers or any other Im
provement or purchase of land, because
he thought that sufficient revenue could
be obtained after payment of salaries and
the other expenses connected with the city
government to provide for auch improve
ments and acquisition of properties, pro
vided the retail liquor license should be
increased to a sum corresponding with
licenses In vogue In other cities of the
country. Baldwin went on to say that
during the last five years the assessment
of real and personal property had been
Increased about J20.OCO.000 and the tax
eaters, he continued, had kept a steady
eye upon the increase and had added a
sufficient amount to the salary roll and to
the list of employes to consume it all.
Thexe was a largely attended meeting
last night at Golden Gate Hall, called by
the Merchants' Association with the ob
ject of considering the proposed bond is
sue which is to be voted on next month
by the citizens. Frank J. Symmes. presi
dent of the Merchants' Association, pre
sided. .
According to the story told by the rela
tives of the deceased to Deputy Coroner
Michael Brown last evening. Bowers was
taken 111 eleven weeks ago after partaking
of some ham. During his illness he was
treated by three physicians, who diag
nosed his case as ptomaine poisoning.
The statement of decedent's brother and
his wife ia to the effect that the wife of
Bowers." who resided at 370 Clementina
street, purchased the ham after partak
ing of which Bowers was taken 111. Upon
her return, home the deceased, they as
sert, partook of the ham and in about
twenty minutes was taken violently 111.
Dr. Dillon was called and attended to
him for two weeks at his home.
He was then removed to the Waldeck
Sanitarium, where he was under the care
of Dr. McLaughlin for four weeks, and
returned to his home in an improved con
dition. Pr. JUagan was then called in,
but, according to the statement of Harry
Bowers, refused to act as medical- ad
viser, owing to the fact that. Mrs. Bowers
failed to give Bowers tne. medicine pre
scribed. He rapidly grew worse and yes
terday afternoon, Alta Lodge No. 105, I.
O. O. F., had him conveyed to the Qer
man Hospital, where he died at 4:30 p. rrt.
The brother maintains Jhat Bowers al
lowed his wife to retain possession of a
bankbook calling for $3000 In the Hlbernla
Bank \ until recently, when, after a . dls
agreement, he took the book from her
by force and she threatened to get even.
The relatives also allege that the money
was in Bowers' name, but that during
the illness his wife Induced him to place,
it as community money.
Both Harry: Bowers and his wife as-
Berted that they believed that it was not
ptomaine poisoning that caused the death
of their relative, but some subtle drug
administered with malice.
The widow of the deceased cpuld not
be found at her residence last evening.
William Meyers, who conducts a saloon
at 231 Fifth street, stated last night that
Bowers had told him that his Illness was
caused by ham purchased by himself and
that his wife had also suffered after hav
ing eaten a portion of it.
A searching Investigation into the cause
Of the death of Martin L. Bowers, a
bridge builder, who died at the German
hospital yesterday afternoon after a
mysterious illness of several weeks, will
be made by the detectives and officials of
the Coroner's office. Harry E. Bowers
and Sadie Bowers, brother and Bi»ter-in»
law, respectively, of the dead man, ap
peared at the Coroner's office last even
ing and made allegations that the de
ceased came to his death by the adminis
tration of a poison so subtle, in its nature
as to cause a lingering illness covering
a period <Jf eleven weeks.
Professor Fortier is working under an
appropriation of $10,000 made by the Gov
ernment and the State for Investigation
of the irrigation systems of California,
with the deeign of assisting the farmers,
erchardlsts and dairymen.
Th« farmers have learned that crowing al
falfa by Irritation is much more remunerative
than growing wheat and rye without irriga
tion. They can raise four and five crops of
alfalfa at.-.;i.n one of the other. Alfalfa is
one of the best dairy foods, and I notice that
& rood mary cf the landholders down there are
turning their attention to dairying and diversi
fied fk.rn.irc.
The Mufteeto Canal has not yet been opened,
but It will be as ajon as the Tuolumne River
rises. The Turiock Canal taps the Tuolumne
on the south and the Modesto Canal on th«
nerth. The Modesto Canal, it Is estimated, will
t*p B1.000 acres of land. There will b« torn*
trouWe with it at first from seepage, but that
¦will be overcome for a while.
Professor Fortier arrived in that re
gion too late to observe all the ramifica
tions of its great irrigation systems, but
he eaw enough to convince him that they
ere of Immense value to the State and
constantly increasing la Importance.
When the canal* are la a condition to be
tapped again he purpose* to revisit the
district and make some practical sugges
tions for the benefit of the fanners and
slryraen there. Of his observations Pro
feesor Fortier says:
I found the Turlock Irrigation •ystem to be
xv*ll ordered. It is more popular than it was
at first and t>U litigation is stopped. Tho*e
who fought it the hardest and attacked the
bends s re new Us friends. '. The acreage lrri-
K*i*d br the canal is increasing every year.
l.iin year TOOO acres were Irrigated, this year
12.000 and next year they estimate that it will
be 20, 000 acre*.
Professor Samuel Fortier, the irrigation
expert zt the University of California,
who recently began investigation into th«
irrigation systems of California, returned
to-day from an Inspection of the Turlock
and Modesto canals In the San Joaquln
Valley. Hi* tour extended over San Joa.
quia, Madera, Merced, Stanislaus and
Fresno counties and his observations will
be embodied in a report to bo issued.
Berkeley Office San Francisco Call.
£H8 Center Street. Aug. 25.
Suddenly the smokestack of the locomo
tive caught on a dangling telegraph wire,
and In a twinkling the pole was pulled
down, and with it a maze of wires. The
child was caught in some manner in the
wires, and at the same moment the wire
caught on the engine broke, releasing the
others and suspending the child In midair
between two poles.
The child wai hoisted in the air before
even she had a chance to scream. She
bravely clung to the wires, however, un
til neighbors who witnessed the accident
hurried to the scene with a blanket, which
was stretched beneath the little one and
she dropped into it, very much frightened
but unhurt.
A 5-year-old girl had a most miraculous
escape from death last evening and' was
rescued after a most exciting experience
after dangling from a maze of wires in
mid-air.
Little Dagmar Hendrickson, the 5-year
old daughter of John Hendrickson of 998
Sixtieth street. Golden Gate, was play
ing near the Santa Fe track at Sixtieth
and Lowell streets when suddenly engine
7 came along. The child stood watching
the train at a safe distance from the
track.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, Aug. 25.
My husband and I have not been living In
harmony for eome time. He haa proved un
faithful, and for hia wrong I have begun di
vorce proceedings against him.
Yesterday he came to the house and after
procuring the keys from tho servant stated
that he intended taking charge of the prem
ises While we were talking In the hallway
the "door-bell ranc and I went to answer it.
In the meantime he entered the back parlor,
and going to a desk unlocked the drawer in
whlch^I keep the money and procured $100. I
demanded that he return the money, but he
refused. I then called in my brother and Mr.
Hutler, who is acting as my attorney, to as
sist me, and we succeeded in securing the re
turn of a portion of the money. He then left
the house, threatening to return with rein
forcements. ,
My husband and I have lived apart for
some time but this is the first time he ha*
asserted any right* to the house or interfered
with me in its management.
Although somewhat chagrined by hia
temporary defeat, he announced that he
would carry the matter into the courts
to-day, and intimated that he might have
Attorney Butler arrested for battery.
Discussing the affair last evening. Mrs.
Ashmore was at first disposed to pooh
pooh the suggestion of a quarrel, but
finally consented'to talk, giving, her side
of the affair with a bit of coloring. She
said:
That Aahmore had been badly handled
was evidenced by his ruttled appearance
as he sained the sidewalk and a few
bruises he had received from his wife,
whose attack he had not resented with
the physical force at his command.
THE.EATENS ARREST.
Accepting the advice, he engaged the
services of a friend, and they started on!
for what later proved a scene of a lively
encounter between husband wife. Ap
parently Mrs. Ashmore had anticipated
his. coming. Ashmore, arriving at the
lodging-house, immediately endeavored to
assert his rights by removing the cash
from the drawer. He had barely con
cealed it in his pockets; however, before
his wife appeared on the scene and a
second later thev were mixing It In a
lively manner. It was at thitf st^ge of
the proceedings that Attorney Butler, rep
resenting Mrs. Ashmore, and her big
brother heralded their presence by fall
ing upon the husband, whom they forced
into a room and throwing him on to a
bed proceeded to recover the cash he had
taken from^the till.
Several times, as the struggle proceed
ed. Aehmore tried to draw a pistol and
finally succeeded, but an effort to use it
proved unavailing, for, as was afterward
discovered, a 10-cent piece had Blipped into
the aperture adjoining the chamber and
prevented the operating of the trigger.
After a hard tussle the wife managed to
secure about half of the money which
her husband had taken from the cash
drawer, and then a truce was declared.
Ashmore was released . from the grip of
his antagonists and was permitted to re
join his friend, who awaited him on the
sidewalk.
The Ashmores have not been living hap
pily for some time. While sharing the
same roof and the profits of the lodging
house, Mrs. Ashmore some months ago
saw fit to isolate her husband In an apart
ment fat from the one she occupies and
since then they have not been on speak
ing terms, except when they met once
a week to reckon -up the business of the
house and divide the revenue.
Yesterday Ashmore. who ia also en
gaged in the liauor business on Mont
gomery street, was unexpectedly served
with a summons in a suit for divorce
brought by his wife, in which she alleges
unfaithfulness on his part. He immedi
ately consulted his attorney, Thomas D.
Rlordan, who proceeded to instruct his
client on his community Interest rights
as bearing particularly on the Pearl lodg
ing-house. It was suggested to Ashmore
that he had better implant himself at
once behind the counter of the lodging
house office for the purpose of seeing
that his interests in the place were prop
erly cared for.
SECURES THE CASH.
Investigation developed the fact that W.
E. Ashmore and his wife, the latter as
sisted bv a brother and a lawyer, were
settling a family difficulty, which finally
ended in a division of honors and the coin
2f the lodging-house till, over which the
ispute had originated.
The screeches of an angry woman ln
harmonlously mingling with the gruffer
tones of several men's voices aroused the
neighborhood of Mission and Ninth streets
yesterday afternoon and readily suggested
to a large crowd which gathered in front
of the Pearl lodging-house, situated on
the northwest corner of the mentioned
streets, that something out of the ordi
nary was occurring within that . estab
lishment.
Phelan Says County Hospital
Is Germ Breeder and
Death Trap.
Engine Catches Telegraph
Line and Little One Is
Entangled. x
ness.
Police Asked to Investigate
His :- Fatal Ill-
Family •Differences of the
Ashmores Provoke a
T « 1 Ft
Lively Scene.
Regular Municipal Contest
Is Third Event of the
Campaign.
Turlock and Modesto Ditches
Will Supply Thousands
More Acres.
Enter Grocery and De
spoil Proprietor and .
Patrons.
Geary Street Proposi
tion to be Settled in
October.
Wife, Aided by a Brother
and Lawyer, Battles
With Husband.
Was Poisoned.
Relatives of a Bridge
Builder Believe He
Dagmar Hendrickson
Has Narrow Escape
From Death.
Professor Fortier Finds
Irrigation Plants
Thriving:.
Baldwin Would Increase
Liquor License for
Revenue.
DESPERATE
CRIMINALS
ROB SIX MEN
BOND ELECTION
IN SEPTEMBER
WIRES SUSPEND
CHILD IN MIDAIR
MYSTERY VEILS
BOWER'S DEATH
WILD STRUGGLE
FOR THE CASH
MERCHANTS TALK
ON BOND ISSUE
INSPECTS GREAT
CANAL SYSTEMS
THE SAN FRANCESCO GALL, WEDNESDAY, AUGUST 26." 1903.
PARIS, Aug. 1 ~. 25.— Madame Therese
Humbert and her husband,'- Frederic
Humbert, > have signed ,an- appeal to the
Court of 'Cassation' against the sentence
passed upon them last" Saturday.
Mme. Humbert Appeals.
, DOMESTIC PORTS.
ABERDEEA— Sailed Aug 25^-Schr A B
Johnson,- for San "Pedro. .. - • ¦
-•• COOS ". BAY— Sailed ' *Aue 25— Schr Western
Home,' I or . ¦; Ban Francisco.
- Tuesday, • Auffu»t 23.
Stinr Santa Cru*. Glelow, 12 hours from
Mops Landing. " " ¦¦ '
Late Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED.
NEW YORK, Aug. -25.— The. following
Californjans are in New York: From San
Francisco— J. Chamblebais, at the Grand
Union; F.B.Colburn; at the Manhattan;
Mrs. W. T." Martin, at the Grenoble; E. J.
Ratcllffe and wife, at the Union Square;
D. B. Sparks and William Trainer, at tho
Bartholdl: O. Uhl Jr.. at the Victoria.
From Los Angeles— Rev. G. Qulnan, at
the St. Denis; W. "J. Barrett, at the'Earl-
Ington ; A; T. Crosby, at the . Park Ave
nue; G. Mitchell and wife,. at the Victoria,
Calif orniana in New York.
TIMOTHY HOPKINS' MOTHER
DIE3 AT WOODLAND HOME
"WOOLAND, Aug. 25.— Mrs. Catherine
Marston, the mother of Timothy Hopkins,
the adopted eon of the late Mark Hop
kins, who came Into possession of about
$5,000,000 of his money through the terms
of his will and subsequent litigation, died
at her home in this city to-day. Timothy
was. the issue of a former marriage with
Thomas Nolan, who died In , Sacramento
In the early '70's. His widow married the
late H. F. Marston of this city, and sh&
has ever since resided here. • ;¦
After her second marriage her only sur
viving child by Nolan was adopted by the
late Mark Hopkins and given his name.
Mrs. Marston leaves ' four children, the
Issue of the second marriage. They, are
Mra. Fannie Collins of San Francisco, H.
F. and J. J. Marston and Mrs. J. M. Nelk
of Woodland.
First White Hanged in Sixty Years-
9
ADVERTISEMENTS. ,--; '^
• is her nature to love
E&J3 3 **.mm B~* J§. -bx-^^^ _ and want them
Efwl MBrwiimWiamBSw !$&$£& as much 6O a3
•WW BWMB B&£$ B Ei&Mm *&£? it is to love the
beautiful and
pure. The critical ordeal through which the expectant mother must
pass, however, is so. fraught with dread, pain, suffering and danger,
that the very thought of it fills her with apprehension and horror.
There is no necessity for the reproduction of life to be either painful
or dangerous. The U6e of Mother's Friend bo prepares the system for
the coming event that it is safely passed without any danger.- This
great and wonderful
of women through «bbbsbbb»
the trying crisis without suffering. EF^- \—~. ff!'j^^-±-. - B
tf 6*nd Zor frws boot containing information E&B gW**W ffiifH fljlj MeS
fhe Brtdfleld Rcs«fator C«, Atlanta, 6a. * B B
ADVERTISEMENTS.
BACKACHE.
Backache is a forerunner and
one of the most common symp-
toms of kidney trouble an«i
womb displacement. •
READ MISS BOLLMAN'S EXPERIENCE.
•Some tide ago I was in a very
weak condition, my work made me
nervous and my back ached frightfully
all the time, and I had terrible head-
aches.
" My mother got a bottle of Lydia
E. Pinkham's Vegetable Com-
pound for me, and it seemed to
strengthen my back and help me at
once, and I did not get so tired as
before. I continued to take it, and it
brought health and strength to me,
and I want to thank you for tha
eood it has done me." — Misa Kate
Boixmax, 142nd St. & Wales Ave.,
New York City. —$3000 fsrfelt If original of
above Ittttr pricing gtnulncmtsa cannot 6« proJuceJ.
L,ydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable
Compound cures because it is
tho greatest known remedy for
kidney and womb troubles.
Every woman who is puzzled
about her condition should writ a
to Mrs. Pinkham. at Lynn, Mass.,
and tell her all* .Tuesday, August 25.
Stmr Queen. Cousins, 52 hours from Victoria.
Stmr Arcata, Nelson, 45 hours from Coos
Bay.
.Stmr G C Llndauer. Allen, 65 hours from
Grays Harbor.
Stmr Bonlta, Alberts, , 6S hours from San
Pedro. •
Etmr Eureka. Jessen. 23 hours from Eureka.
Nor stmr Tellus. Amtzen. .3 $4 days from
Ladyemlth. ;
Nor etmr TiUnia, Egenes, 00 hours from Na
nalmo. . •
Schr Lily. Bottger, 3J£ days from Umpqua.
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED.
1094 bbls flour. 1414 cals wine, 610 pkgs
bottled bw. 40.SC2 lbs middlings, 245 pkgs po
tatoes. 'M2ii !b« bread. 3422 ctls barley 15.173
lbs bran. S2O2 lbs ham and bacon, 1375 lbs
butter. 22,315 lbs' lard. 201 cs canned goods.
1CS pkss groceries and provisions. 036 bales
hay. 75 pkgs onions. 2.->.000 lbs rice. 78,554 lbs
bran, 149 cits com. 1125 lbs peas, 192 ctls
wheat. 50 en eggs. 18.4SR lbs smoked meat. .300
cs canned 36 pkgs r>!ekled salmon. 1008 lbs 2
c* cheese. 225 pkgn paste. 228 pkgn fresh fruits
and vegetables. 885 lbs candy. 50.200 lbs sugar.
400 lbs dried fish. 1200 lbs coffee. 500 lbs nuts.
21.500 lbs *alt. MC0 lbs codfish. 1250 lbs 11 cs
meals, 35 bbls 7 cs baklns: powder, 2700 lbs
fresh meat. 300 lbs dressed poultry. 258 gal*
2 cs \-ine«rar. 19 bags feed. 35 tons fertilizer.
7B51 lbs tobacco, IS cs cigars and cigarette*.
106 pkro drugs and medicines, 0<5 pkgs dry
goods. 13 cs hats. 80 cs boots and shoes, 76
pkg* 75 pes plp<\ 100 bdls 50 bars Iron, 20 bales
oakum, 50 carboys acid." 17 pkgs arms and am
munition. 26 pkgs machinery. 74 colls rope, 7
pkgs leather, 37 cs matches. 525 bxs soap. 56
pkgs stoves, 4C60 lbs brawn. 56 pkgs twine. 23
pos steel, « steel beams, 98 pkgs wire. 12 pkgs
vehicles. 341 pkgs paints and oils,. 125 kegs
white lead. 2076 lbs grease, 27.V) gals distillate.
38 bdls shook*. 18,400 lbs 40 sks soda\ 13S.0OO
lbs cement, 1)253 cs coal oil. 62$ kegs nails, 177
pkgs paper, 645 bdls Iron roofing, 55 bxs ¦ can
dles. 10 pkrs mlllwork. 72 boiler tubes. 600 cs
blasting powder. 33 cs fuse, 5 cs caps.
The steamer Nebraskan sailed yesterday for
Honolulu and Kahulul with a general merchan
dise carro. valued at $131,012. The leading
shipments were as follows:
The Nebraskan's Cargo.
The steamer UmatiHa sailed on Monday for
Victoria with an assorted merchandise cargo,
consigned to the principal British Columbian
ports, valued et $16.9S2, and Including the fol
lowing: 1879 pkgs fresh fruits, 50 pkgs fresh
vegetables. 10 bbls flour. 3S70 lbs meals SO
pkgs onions. 1724 lbs beans. 330 bxs paste*. 19
pkgs groceries and provisions. 310 gals 13 cs
wine. 44.250 lbs dried fruit. 8350 lbs raisins.
.">32 lbs cheese. 1291 cs assorted canned goods.
35 cs pyrup. 40 cs maple sugar. 891 lbs dried
fish, CO pkgs rlckles. 15 cs olives, 20 cs salad
oil. 29 pkg» arms and ammunition, 5 cs hats.
250 tins matches, 8 bars eteel. 39 bars Iron. 150
bxs candles. 14 pkgs drugs. 25 cs soap. 1107
pkgs machinery. 827 lbs copper, 2 pkgs dry
goods. ,
Merchandise for the North.
The French bark Duchesse de Berry was
cleared yesterday for Antwerp. Belgium, with
&S.240 ctls barley, valued at JC8.4O0, and SSfiO
ctls wheat, valued at $13,000. The bark also
carried 23.000 feet lumber as dunnage, valued
at $315.
Grain for Belgium.
Shipment of Crude Oil.
The tank barkentine Fullerton was cleared
yesterday for Honolulu with 630,000 gallons
crude oil. valued at $21,000.
NOTE— The hl*h and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about 25
••uinutes later than at Fort Point; the height of
tide Is the same at both places.
Sun, Moon and Tide.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey
Time and Helshts of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published, by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
An additional manifest was filed at the Cus
tom-house yesterday for the schooner W. H.
Mareton. which sailed on Sunday for Hono
lulu. The manifest was valued at X3978 and
included 11.7S1 feet cak lumber. 73C5 feet hard
wood. t50 en condensed milk and 130 bbls
baking powder.
An Additional Manifest.
Time Sail.
Branch Hydrographlc Office. U. S. N., Mer
chants' Exchange. San Francisco, Cal.,
August 5P. 1903.
The time ball on the Ferry building was
dropped exactly at noon to-day, I. e., at noon
of the 12Cth meridian, or a 8 p. m. Greenwich
time. . J. C. BURNETT,
Lieutenant. U. S. N., In Charge.
NEWS OF THE OCEAN.
The French bark Caiabronne (at Taeoroa)
The eteam echo-jner Signal ran into the new
wharf at Fremont street yesterday, smashed
three fender Dil»« and Inflicted other damage.
The vessel ebcaoed without injury.
Signal Smashes Wharf.
The big Norwegian colliers Tel.us and Tita
nia arrived yesterday from British Columbia.
The Tellus, from Ladysmith, brought 3531 tons
vt coal aad the Tltar.ia. from Naaaimo, 5477
tons.
Big Colliers Arrive.
Movements of Steamers.
Captain Gust Johnscn cf the etea.mship Rob
ert Dollar was married on Monday evening to
M1f» Sortie Brands of 75 South Park. Stanley
Dollar was the groom's best man..
Captain Takes a Wife.
James E. Handley hes been appointed chief
wfipineer of the army transport Thomas in
place pt James G. Norval, who resigned to
accept a twntion en Howard Gould's yacht.
F. L. Pitzer succeeds Handley as chief en-
Clneefof the Buford and W. Mair takes Plt
zt'b rlace as cfclef engineer of the army tug
Slocuin.
Transport Changes.
was chartered prior to arrival for wheat, thence
to EurotHr at 20s 3d.
The British ship Mylomene loads lumber on
Pug*t Sound for a direct port In South Africa,
40» 3d; chartered in England.
The Italian ship Herat 1b chartered for lum
ber from Pueet Sound to Australia.
The French bark Emllie fialllne I? free and
not chartered for wheat, as previously re
ported.
THE fourth annual convention of
the Federation of German Catho
lic Societies of California, which
. will begin on Sunday morning
at St. Boniface Church, prom
ises to be one of the greatest gath
erings of the kind yet held in the city.
It will be in session for two days.
Delegates from various cities of the
State will attend and from San Jose
alone 150 delegates are expected.
Anticipating big delegations also from
Oakland, Fruitvale, Sacramento and Los
Angeles those in charge of the arrange
ments are making preparations looking
to the comfort of the visitors.
As stated yesterday Archbishop Mont
gomery will assist at the solemn high
mass on Sunday morning at 10:30 o'clock
and will later deliver the sermon. ,
The convention will be called to order
at 2 o'clock in the afternoon. After ves-
Passed out Auc 25— Bktn Alta. for Manila.
FOHT BRAGG— Arrived Aug 25— Stmr Na
tional City, hence Aug 24.
-EVERETT — Arrived Aug 25 — Schr John A,'
from Red.&ndo.
WHATCOM— SalUd Aug 25— Ger stmr Si
lesia, for San Francisco. .
COOS BAY— Arrived Aug 25— Schr Glendalf,
hence Aug 14; schr Melancthon, hence Aug 8
REDONDO— Arrived Aug 25— Stmr Grace
Dollar, from Astcrla; schr Forester, from Port
Madison. • ' V '
SEATTLE— Arrived AuifZS^ Stmr Leelanaw
hence Aug 21.
Arrived Auk 25— Stmr Excelsior, from Val
dez.
MEN DOC INO— Sailed Aug 25— Stmr Pasa
dena, for San Francisco. , . ¦ ¦ .
Arrived Aug * 25 — Stmr Phoenix. . hence 22d
PORT LOS ANGELES— Sailed Aug 25— Stmr
Alcazar, for San Francisco. , .
SANTA BARBARA— Sailed Aug 25— Stmr
Scotia, for San Francisco
SOUTH BEND— Sailed Aug 25— Schr Wa
wona. for San Pedro.
ASTORIA — Sailed Aug 25— Schr David
Evans, for San Francisco. *wia
Arrived Aug 25— Br ship Red . Rock from
Newcastle, Au«. .
SAN PEDRO— Sailed— Stmr Greenwood fcr
San Francisco; schr E K Wood, for drays
Arrived — Schr Gem, from Coquille River
ISLAND PORT.
HONOLULU— Arrived Aug 25— Br stmr
Gaelic, from Yokohama ; Br stmr Moana, tnm
Brisbane. - ¦ ¦ *¦ ' • * .
Sailed Aug 25— Stmr Nevadan. for San Fran
cisco; Br stmr Coptic, for Yokohama.
EASTERN PORT
NEW TORK— Arrived Aug 24— Stmr Alli
ance, from Colon. rA1 "
FOREIGN PORTS.
HAVRE— In oort Aug. 11— Ger stmr Mera.
for San Francisco, via Hamburg, to .all Sep£
Passed in. Aug 25 — Jap etmr RIojun Maru,.
from China; Hr ship Sardomene. from Dun
kirk, for Tacoma; echr Wm Nottingham, from
San Pedro, for. Falrhaven.
EUREKA— Arrived Aug 25— Stmr Francis
H Leggett, hence Aug 23; stmr Coquille River,
hence Aug T2; nchr Alcalde, hence Aug 18.
Sailed Auk 25 — Stmr San Gabriel, for San
Pedro; stmrs South Bay and San Pedro and
bktn James Johnson, for San Francisco
TACOMA— Sailed Aug 25— Stmr San Mateo.
for San. Francisco; schr Borealls, for San
Pedro.
PORT TOWNSEND— Passed in Aug 25— Ship
SerVia, htnee Aug 2. for Tacoma: schr He-lene
hence Aug 5, for Hilo; schr Wllbert L Smith,
from Hilo.
Passed out Aug 25— Ger stmV Silesia, for San
Francisco.
Arrived Aug 25 — Bktn Puako. from Maka
well.
SEATTLE — Arrived Aug 24 — Fr bark Cam
brenne, from Antwerp. Aug 25— Stmr Leela
naw, hence Aug 21. >
PORT HADLOCK— Arrived Aug 25— Schr
Helene, hence Aug 5.
PORT HARKORD— Arrived Aug 25. 8 a m—
Etmr Chehalis. from Redondo.
FAIRHAVEN— Arrived Aug 25 — Schr Wll
bert L S=:nlth, from Hilo.
TATOOSH— Passed in Aug 25— Bktn Puako.
from Makawoli.
Passed out Aug 25— Br stmr Tartar, for
China and Japan; etmr San Mateo, for San
Francisco.
DOMESTIC PORTS,
POIXT LOBOS. Aug 25, 10 p m— Weather
hazy; wind VV, velocity 12 miles per hour.
TELEGRAPRIC.
SAILED.
Tuesday, August 23.
Stmr Nebraskan, Greene, Honolulu and Ka
hulul.
Stmr Seouola. WUikle, Wlllapa Harbor.
Stmr Leelanaw, Monroe, Seattle.
Stmr Gualala. Johnson, Bowens Landing.
Stmr Gipsy. Leland. Santa Cruz.
Stmr AVhitesboro. Ols?n. Greenwood.
Stmr Samoa, Madsen. Caesar.
Stmr Rival. McClements, Wlllapa Harbor.
Schr Newark, Relnertsen, Stewarts Point.
Schr Webfooty Lewis, Coos Bay. :~r«"
Schr Wm Beriton. Anderson, Grays Harbor.
CLEARED.
Tuesday, August 25.
Stmr Geo W Elder, Randall, Astoria: Ore
gon Railroad and Nav Co.
Stmr Pomona, Swanson, Eureka; Pacific
Coast Steamship Co.
Ft shiD Duchpsae de Berry, Kermoal. Ant
werp; G W McNear.
Br ship Claverdon, Thomas, Port Townsend'
J J Moore & Co.
Br ship Gantock Rock, Crosbie, Whatcom: H
M Newhall & Co.
Bktn Kullertort, Brlgman, Honolulu; Union
Oil Co.
Schr Ethel Zane, Thomas, 9 days from Fort
land.
Among the speakers to deliver addresses
will be the Rev. Father Raphael Fuhr, O.
F. M.; the Rev. Father P. Melchers, S. J..
of San Jose; the Rev. Josaphat Krau3,
O. F. M.; Martin Centner of Berkeley
University. Charles Maritzen. Charles P.
Conrad and F. B. Schoenstein.
On Monday the convention will deal
with matters of moment and interest to
the German Catholics of the State and in
the evening a banquet is to be tendered
the delegates and officers of the Verband.
The musical entertainment of the con
vention will be guided by the Rev. Father
Raphael Fuhr, who is an ardent lover of
music and takes the greatest interest in
the musical training of the young of his
parish.
pers at 8 o'clock the fourth annual Kath
oliken Tag will be held at St. Boniface
Hall, when a grand musical programme
will be rendered by several- musical so
cieties.
According to advices received yesterday from
Punta Arenas, the repairs on the Kosmos liner
Theben cave been completed. The vessel Is
r^atiy for Sfa, but is held in port owing to
the salvors having attached the cargo, pend
ing a settlement of their rlalms against the
Vfwtl. They have refused to submit their
demands to arbitration.
Theben's Bepairs Completed.
The old bark Topgallaat is no more. She
left Jlpngkcng Jn HX)1 for Puget Sound, but
was ctliced to x>ut into Manila In distress,
tfhe was reraJred and re«umed her voyage,
but trouble with the elements drove her into
Honolulu, where ehe was condemned and sold.
She became one of the fixtures of the island
harbor, but was gradually hacked to pieces
t<H- the ccsper with which she was liberally
lined. A few daye ago she gave a lurch, took
one last look out o\er the ocean she had so
long graced and disappeared in the depths cf
the harbor.
Bark Topgallant Is No More.
Carl Crawford, 8 years old. who lives at 173
Clementina rtreet. tumbled into the bay yes
terday from La Rue'( wharf and wu In the
¦water tor a considerable time before his res
ruere nulled him out and took him to the
Harbor Hospital. Tbe little fellow received
a bad scare and a severe shock, but under
the motherly care of Matron Andrews was
almost himself again when his mother arrived
at the hosDlval to take him home. As is the
custom of the hospital, the contents of the
patient'6 pockets were turned out to insure
Jthe!r preservation. The treasures credited to
Carl Crawford include one live clam, three
lenjrth* of twine, five wire nails, two brasb
hcaded jtnobe and one piece of chalk.
Small Boy's Narrow Escape.
COMMITTEEMEN IN CHARGE OF THE ARRANGEMENTS FOR THE
ANNUAL CONVENTION OF THE FEDERATION OF GERMAN CATH
OLIC SOCIETIES OF CALIFORNIA. WHICH MEETS HERE SUNDAY.
The reinsurance board is at present attract
ing more attention than for «ome time past and
local speculators are Investing heavily In aa
varied a selection of risks as M. A. Newell
has ever oCtred. The rate on the Artstldes
vu advanced yesterday to 60 per cent, with a
jiroB^ect of an early raise. The Forthbank and
Ar&bia are etl!l at 25 ani 15 per cent respect
ively, the rates at which they were quoted on
Monday when first placed among the rein
cured. On the Milton Park at 85 per cent and
t£e Helen Brewer at 00 per cent the play has
been very heavy- Honolulu has come in on
the Helen Brewer to the extent of about $1000.
whU> the local play "to arrive" has passed
the $125,000 mark. At 90 percent played "to
nrrlvt" the speculator receives between 6 and
7 to 1 in the event of the vessel turning up
ail : :c!.-..
The Reinsurance Board.
BAKER CITY. Ore., Aug. 23.-A lone
highwayman held up the .Whitney-Can
yon City stage at a lonely spot on the
mountain road three miles from Austin
station last evening: about 5 o'clock. Be
sides the stage driver there were two
passengers, Frank Donson of Everett,
Wash., and F. J. Armstrong of Portland.
The stage had Just reached the top of
a hill, when the highwayman sprang
from behind a log armed with a rifle, and
commanded the driver and passengers to
stop and throw up their hands. The rob
ber compelled the driver and passengers
to dismount and at the point of the gun
give up all their money, securing abou^t
$10 from Donson, $50 from Armstrong and
some change from the driver. He took'
out the- two mail pouches and told the
men to get back into the stage and move
on in a hurry. The robber remained
standing in the road until the stage wag
out of sight. He seemed to be an old
hand at the business.
prove of interest and advantage to this
State. By , purchase a collection of 300
specimens of California woods has been
secured from Thomas Hatch. With the
assistance of the United States Govern
ment, through Edward B. Thompson of
Los Angeles, agent of the Bureau of For
estry of the Natqnal Department of Ag
riculture, a collection of all cone bear
ing woods of California and of cones will
be sent to the exposition as a part of
the exhibition for California.
George W. Smith is the president, J.
E. Terry the vice president and Fred F.
Sayres the general agent of the Califor
nia Sugar and White Pine Agency that
has taken so prominent a part in putting
up a good timber show for California in
behalf of 'the twenty-eight lumber com
panies that, they represent. J. N. Dur
ney is an " individual owner of timber
lands in the north. He is an old soldier
and has been in California for many
years.
In the wealth of samples included in
the Hatch collection are splendid illus
trations of the woods of the Sequoia GI
gantea, otherwise the big trees of "Cali
fornia; of all varieties of redwood; burl
specimens that are the wonder of all tim
ber men; sixty examples of the growth of
curly redwood; every forest tree of real
value is included by sample. Many fruit
trees and walnut trees are also on the
long and comorehenslve list.
Application has been made for space
in the forestry department for the Cali
fornia show of woods. The intention of
the commissioners Is to offer to St. Louis
as permanent exhibits, illustrative of
California forests, the greater specimens.
A novelty of arrangement will be that
the great tree mentioned will be cut up
so that it can be put together again at St.
Louis and so give unquestionable evi
dence of Its actual size and of its sound
ness.
The Asiatic passengers will include
forty-four Chinese from New York, who
are going back to their native land under
orders of deportation.
The Jspanese steamship America _Maru
will Ball to-day for the Orient with nearly
4000 tons of freight and CO cabin passen
gers. The cargo includes 2000 tons of
California flour. 1000 bales of sheeting and
some heavy machinery, the latter for
Shanghai. She will also take treasure
valued at $75,000.
¦LEGHORN— Arrived Aug 22— Stmr Victoria,
via Naples.
LIVERPOOL — Arrived Aug 25 — Stmr Pre
torlan. from Montreal.
GLASGOW* — Arrlv«l Aug 24 — Stmr Lauren
tlan, from New York. Aug 20— Stmr Astoria,
from New- York.
MARSEILLES— Arrived Aug 24^ — Stmr Peru
gia, from New York.
PALERMO — Arrived Aug 24 — Stmr Neapoli
tan Prlnc<". -from New York.
NEW YORK— Sailed Aug 25 — Stmr Kaiser
Wllhelm II, for Bremen, via Plymouth and
Cherbourg; stmr Lombardl, for Naples and
Genoa; stmr Victorian, .for Liverpool.
LIZARD — Pasted Aug 25 — Stmr Phlladel
phlaji, from Boston, for London; stmr Mar
quette, from New York, for London.
BROWHEAD— Passed Aug 25— Stmr TaurU.
from Portland, for Liverpool.
BEACHY HEAD— Passed Aug 22— Br bark
Ventura, from Shields, for Port Los Angeles.
I CALLAO — Arrived Aug 10— Ger ship Osorrio,
from Itallaril.
ADEN— Ai lived Auc 24 — Br stmr Indra
mayo, from New York. <
TENERIFFE— Sailed July 20— Ger stmr
Ramses, for San Francisco.
VALPARAISO— Sailed Aug 10— Ger stmr
Isle, for San Francisco.
YOKOHAMA— Sailed Aug 10— Ger stmr
Slthonla, for . Aug 21'— Br stmr Athenian,
for Vancouver.
NEWCASTLE. Aus— Sailed Aug 23 — Ship
James Drummond, for Honolulu.
MOJI— Sailed Aug 20— Ger stmr Eva, for
San- Francisco.
GENOA— Sailed Aug 20— Aus stmr Ollmpo,
for San Francisco. Aug 22 — Ger stmr Aby
dcs. for SaJi Francisco.
SANTA ROSALIA— Arrived Aug 21— Bktn
Quickstep, hence Juiy U0.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
KARATSU— In port Auk 12— Ger stmr Elba,
for Port Los Angeles.
MONTEVIDEO— Sailed Augr 9— Ger stmr
Memphis, for Hamburg'.
SYDN12Y— Cleared July 25— Bktn J L. Evls
ton; Br bark Dalrymple, for Newcastle and
Honolulu.
There is every, prospect that the ex
hlblton of California woods at the St.
Louis Exposition will be tbe most satis
factory ever made anywhere. It is the
opinion of lumber men ' that the great
timbers and sections of trees will be ad
mired . by - people from all parts of the
world. - The variety will be large. . '
Among the wonders to be shown are a
log of spruce 44 feet long by 22 inches
square, a spruce tree five feet in diameter
and 100 feet long, a spruce plank four feet
thick, eleven "feet wide and sixty feet
long. There will be a great collective ex
hibit of the representative woods of Cali
fornia. ;
The credit of getting together this great
show of woods belongs to "W. H. Mills,
chief of the forestry division of the Cali
fornia exhibit. Mr. Mills has, however,
met with enthusiastic co-operation on
the part; of. the timber men of California,
and he speaks of them in praise.
J. N. Durney. of Siskiyou County has
volunteered to supply one of the mon
ster exhibits. The California Sugar ana
White Pine Agency, which includes twen
ty-eight great lumber companies of this
State, has with equal enthusiasm re
sponded to th'e invitation of Mr. Mills
and has agreed to do everything that
can be asked for the proper representa
tion of this State at St. Louis as a tim
ber growing country. Mr. Durney and
the agency offer to give' their services
and their lumber free of cost. Mr. Mills
ls of opinion' that the Southern Pacific
Company will move the great exhibits to
St. Louis free, in view of the advertise
ment for-the soil and climate of Califor
nia which they will present to all . ob
servers.
. The 60-foot plank will be polished on
one side. In. addition to the large ex
hibits there will be many others that will
Her Cargo Includes 2000 Tons
of California Grown
Flour.
Every Phase of : Forest Life
. Is. Promised in Big
Works With Coolness and Is
Evidently a Skilled
Highwayman.
Takes Coin Prom Driver
and Passengers on
OregonRoad.
Japanese Liner America
Maru Leaves Port
To-Day.
Show at St. Louis to
Contain Gigantic
Timbers. /
HAS MACHINERY
FOR THE ORIENT
WOOD EXHIBIT
WILL BE GREAT
LONE ROBBER
HOLDS UP STAGE
TO ARRIVE.
Steamer. From. . Due.
Silesia Seattle Aug. 26
Calif orninn... New York Aug. 2(1
Montura {Seattle Aug.' 26
Phoenix Mendoclno City Aug. 26
San Pedro Humboldt Aug. 2«
Chehalls I San Pedro Aug. 20
Coos Hay I Han Pedro & Way Pts. Aug. 26
Coronado I San Pedro Aug. 27
North Fork. . . Humboldt Aug. 27
Peru New York via Panama Aug. 27
Corona Humboldt..... Aug. 27
Santa Roya... Fan Pie«ro & Way Pts. Aug. 27
Chas. Nelson. San Pedro Aug. 27
Chlco Coqinlle River Aug. 2S
Centralla San I'edro Aug. 28
Point Arena.. Mendoclno & Pt. Arena Aug. 28
Columbia Portland & Astoria Aug. 28
Luxob Hamburg & Way Pts. Aug. 28
Centennial.... Seattle & Tacoma. . . . Aug. 2!)
Arctic Humboldt .' Aug. 2!)
Eureka Humboldt Aug. 30
CltyPuebla.. Pupet Sound Ports Auk- SO
Argo Eel River Ports.. Aug. 30
Pomona Humboldt Aug. 30
Bonlta Newport & Way Ports.'Aug. 31
I State of Cal.. San Diego & Way Pts. Aug, 31
Curacao Mexican Ports Aug. 31
S.Monica . Orays Harbor Aug. '31
Arcata Coos, Bay & Pt. Orford. Sept. 1
Alameda Honolulu Sept. 1
Gaelic China & Japan.. Sept. 1
San Juan New York via Panama Sept. 2
G. W. Elder.. Portland & Astoria.... Sept. 2
AlUance Portland & Way Ports Sept. 3
Urnatllla 1'iijrct Sound Ports Sept. 4
Sonoma Sydney & Way Port?.|Sept. 7
• - TO SAIL.
Steamer. Destination. Halls. Pier.
Auuunt 26.
Bonlta 'Newport Way Pts. 9 am Pier 19
Arcata Coos B.&Pt. Orford 4 j>m Pier 13
Iaqua Humboldt 4 pm Pier 2
Chehalls Grays Harbor .... 3 pm Pier 2
Pomona Humboldt 1 :30 p Pier 9
Argo Eel River Ports.... 4 pm Pier 2
Q. W. Elder Astoria & Portland 11 am Pier 24
A. Maru.... China & Japan.... 1 pm Pier 40
~ „ .. Auipunt 37.
It. Dollar. . . Portland direct ... 5 pm Pier 2
Coronado... Grays Harbor.... 4 pm Pier 10
Phoenix Menddclno City.... 1 pm Pier 13
Eureka Humboldt ........ 9 am Pier 13
State of Cal San Diego & Way. 9 am Pl.r 19
Newburg... Grays Harbor 4 pm Pier 10
Sierra...... Sydney & Way Pts 2 pm Pier 7
J. Dollar. . . Seattle & Tacoma. 10 am Pier. 2
Rainier Seattle & Whatcom 4 pm Pier 10
Czarina.... Coos Bay direct... .. Pier S
C. Nelson.. Humboldt ......... 5 pm Pier 2
¦ • AuKuat 2S.
S. Portland Astoria & Portland B pm Pier . .
G. Llndauer Grays Harbor 1 pm
Centralla. . . Grays Harbor 4 pm Pier 10
_; , Ansu*t 20.
Pt. Arena.. Point Arena 4 pm Pier 2
Corona Humboldt .....;.. 1:30 pJPler 0
Silesia Hamburg Way Pts 2 pm I Pier 27
San Pedro. . Humboldt 4 rm Pier 2
Coos Bay... San Pedro Way Pts 0 am Pier 10
Acapulco... N. Y. via Panama. 12 m Pier 40
Queen Puget Sound Ports. 11 am Pier 9
•; AiifftiHt 30.
S. Rosa Kan Diego & Way. 0 am Pier 10
North Fork Humboldt .... B pm Pier 2
Ausrnftt 31.
Arctic Humboldt ......... 4 pm Pier -2
Columbia... Astoria & Portland 11 amjpier 24
Chlco Coquille River..... SpraPler 2
September 3.
Korea...... China & Japan. .... 1 pm Pier 40
CltyPuebla. Puget Sound Ports. 11 am Pier 9
Centennial.. Seattle .& Tacoma. 10 am Pier 2
September 4.'. fc -
Alliance.... Portland Way Pts. 5 pm Pier 16
September *5.
Peru N. Y. via Panama. 12 m Pier 40
Alameda. . . Honolulu ......... 11 am Pier 17
: FROM SEATTLE. ~
Steamer. ;\ For. I Sails.
Farallon. ..V.". Skag-way & Way Ports. Aug. 26
Fntf oiV ' * Ska^ay * Wa y p °f ts - Aug. 27
Cottage City. . Skagway & Way Ports. Aug. 27
City Topeka. . Skagway & Way Ports. Aug. 29
Senator Nome dlrsct. ...... Sept. 1
g u « k »- Nome direct...... Sept. 1
Excelsior Cooks Inlet & Way Pts Sept. 1
Roanoke...... Nome & St. Michael... Sept.- 1
Ohio.......... Nome & St. Michael;.. Sept. 2
A'-KI Skagway & Way Ports|Sept. 2
City Seattle.. Skagway. & Way PortaiSeut. 5
WEDNESDAY. AUGUST 2a
Sun rises fi:34 a. m.
f, u n "ts «i:4 S p . m>
Moon gets q : u p . m
0 iTIme lTimel Time Timel
£ Ft. 1 Ft. Ft. FtT
? |H W L,W| . H.W L W
26 1:52 B.I 7:40 1.0 2:15 B.6 8:2fi LT
27 2:55 4.7 8:26 1.6 3:01 6.5 »:25 1.0
28 4:02 4.4 fl:17 2.1 3:48 5.4 10:35 00
20 5:15 4.2 10:15 2.5 4:12 8.3 11:4* 0.8
30 0:31 4.111:22 2.8 5:41 5.2
| L> ¦ W " II W I L, TV H W
31 0:4fl| 0.7 7:45 4.2 12:3« 2.0 0:42 B 1
1 1:41| 0.6 8:46| 4.4 1:30 2.0 7:40 5.1
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tides
the early .mornlne tides are Riven In* the left
hand column and the successive tides ot the
day In the order of occurrence as to time: the
fourth time column gives the last tide of the
day. except when there are but three tides, as
sometimes occurs. The heights given are In
addition to the soundings of the United States
Coast Survey Charts, except when the number
given ls subtracted from the depth given by
the charts. The plane of reference Is the mean
of the lower low waters.
THE S AN , ; FR ANCISGO , CALL, WEDNE8DAY, AUGUST 26, 1903.
Hundreds Will Take Part in Business Meeting and
Entertainment toBe Held at St. BonifaceChurch
in Connection With Religious Organization
GERMAN CATHOLICS OF STATE
TO GATHER, IN FORCE IN CITY
10
SOUTHERN PACIFIC
(Main Line, foot of Market Street )
t»4T« — r-aon ACBCST 23. 1903. — AMXira
7.00a Benlcla. Salaua. Klmlra and Sacra-
meato Z-?5 P
7.00a VaeaTllle. Wlntcn. Ramaey /.25r
7J0a Martinez. 8aa Ramon. ValleJ*
Napa, Callstoga, Santa Rosa 625r
7^0a Nllei, LlTerxaore, Lathrop. Stoci-
ton 7.25r
8.00a Darls. Woodland. Knights Landing.
JJarriTllle. Ororllle. (eoanecU
at MarysT«le for Grtdley. Biggs
andChtco) 7.5S*
8 CO a Atlantic Exprett—Ogden and East. 10-25a
800a Port Costa. Martinez. Antloch. By-
ron.Traer.Stockton.Sacrmmento.
Los Banos. Mendota, Uaaford.
Vlsalia. Porterrllle "»4^Sf
I.COa Port Costa. Martinez, Tracy. Lath-
rop. Modesto, Merced. Fresno,
Gonhen- Junction, Ilanford, \ I-
talla. Bakersfleld 5.25*
8.30* Bhasta Express— DaTls. Williams
(for Bartiett Springs). Wlllowa,
tPrvto. lied Bloff, Portland 7.55r
|.30a Nlles. Saa Jose. Lirennore. 8toe»-
ton.Ione.SacTsmento.PlacerrUlo,
Maryrrille. CQlco. Red Blnff 4-Zar
8.30a Oakdal*. Chinese. Jamestown. So-
nor*. Toolnmne and Angels ..... 4 25r
900a MarttnexandWaySuUons .5§I F
1000a Vallejo- •— 12.2S»
1000a Kl Paao Passenger. Eajtboand.—
Port Costa. Martlaez, Byron.
Tracy. L» throp. Stockton,
Merced. Raymond- Fresno, Han-
ford. Vlsalia. Bakerstteld. Loa
Angeles and El Paso. (Westr
bound arrives via Coast Line)... «133i"
1000a The OTerland Limited — Ogden,
DenT e r. Omaha. Chicago B25P
12.00V Hayward. Nlles and Way Sutlons. 8.25P
tLOOr SacmroentoRlTer Steamers tli.OOr
330r Benlcla. Winters, Sacramento.
Woodland. Williams, Colu.ia.WU-
lows, Knlehta Landinir. Maryt-
Tille, Orofllle and way stations.. 10.55a
330r Hayward. Niles and W»y Suttons.. 7 55p
400r Martine«,8«nR«mon.ValleJo.i;apa,
Calistoga. SanM Rosa -22§ A
4.00r Martinez. Tracy.Latarop.Stockton. 10.25a
4.00i" Nlles. LiTermore. Stockton. Lodl.. 4.25F
430r Hayward. Nlles. IrTlngton. San I t8.65a
Jose. Livermore f til. 65a
5-COf The Owl Limited— Fresno. Tutare.
Bakersneld. Loa Angeles 8.53a
5-COp Port Costa, Tracy. Stockton, Loa ¦¦-
Banos 1225p
15 30i" Hayward. Ntles acd San Jose .—.. 7 ?5a
B.OOr Hayward. Nlles and 6 an Jote 10 2b*
S:SS i v *» e^ - 755 '
6 00 p Oriental Mai! — Sacramento, Ogden.
Denver. Omaha. St. Louis. Chi-
cago and Kast. ( Carrifi flrst-class
passengers only out ot San Fran*
Cisco. Tourist car and coac2t
passengers for points beyond
Sacramento take T.ODp. v. train
to Reno, continuing thence la
their ears « p.x. train eastward.. 4 25?
7X0? Pet Costa. Benlcla. Sulsun. Davis,
Baeramento. - Truckee. Reno.
Etops at all stations east of
Baeramento 7-65a
7-COr San Pablo. Port Costa, Mtrtlnei
and Way Stations 11.254
8 C5r Oregon A California Express— Bae-
ramento, Marysvllle. Redding.
Portland. Pugei Sound and East. 855 a
$9.1 Or Hayward, Nlles and San Jose (San-
day only) til. S3 k
11.25> Port Coata, Tracy. Lathrop. Mo-
desto. Merced. Raymond (to Yo
semlte). Fresno, tianford. VI-
• saila. Bakersfleld 1225r
COAST LINE Marrow Uange).
(Foot of Market Street.)
)7-45a Santa Cruz Excursion (Sunday
only) : :8-10i"
8.15a Newark. Centerrille. San Joae,
Felton, Bouloer Creek, Santa
Cruz and Way Stations 8 25?
t2-15? Newark. Centervtlle. San Jote.
New Almaden. Los Gatos.Felton.
Boulder Creek. Santa Cruz and
Principal Way Stations 10.53a
4.15? Newark. San Jose. Los Gatos aad
way stations (on Saturday and
Sunday run* through to Santa
Crnz; Monday only from Santa
Cruz). Connects at Felion to
and from Boulder Creek tg.55 A
OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY.
From SAN MIAN CISCO. Fool of Market St. (3i!p*>
-tt:13 t:00 11:00 a.m. 100 300 5-15 p.h.
From OAKLAND. Foot of Broadway — t«:OU J3:0»
t8:0S 1Q:C0a.m. 12 00 200 400p.m.
COAST LINE (Broad Uaone).
tW~ (Third »ad Townsenil Streets.)
6.10a San Jose and Way Stations 6 30p
1700a San Jose and Way Stations 53S?
17.15a Monterey and Santa Cruz Excur-
sion (Sunday only) 18 30?
/8.00a New Almaden (Tues.. Frid.) /410?
B. CO a Coast Line Limited — Stops only San
Joae. Gllroy (connection for Hol-
lister), Pajaro. Castrovllle. Sa-
linas. San Ardo. Paso Robles,
SanM Margrarlta, San Luis Obitpo,
Guadalupe. Surf (connection for
Lompoc). Santa Barbara, Eaueus
and Los Angeles. Connection at
Caatrovllle to and from Monterey
andPadflc Grove 10.43?
8.00a San Jose. Tres Plnos, Capltola,
San tn Cruz. Pac! 8c Grot-?. Salinas,
San Lull Oblspo and Principal
Intermediate Stations 4-10f
10.30a Pan Joee and Way Station* 1.20?
11.00a Cemetery ra<i«ens:er— South San
Francisco, San Bruno 1.C5?"
1130a Santa Clara. San Jote, Los Gatoa
and Way Stations : 7.30?
a130r San Jose and Way Stations X700?
2-CCf 6an Jote and Way Stations 59 40*
2.30? Cemetery Passenger — South San
Francisco. San Bruno 4-35?
tS.CO? Del Monte Kxprens — Santa Clara,
Ean Jote, Del Monte. Monterey,
Pacific Grove (connects at Sauta
Clara for Santa Cruz. Boulder
Creek and Narrow Gauge Points) H2.15*
340? Pacific Grove and Way Stations—
Harlinframe,5>an Mateo.Redwood.
UenloPark. Palo Alto. Mayileld,
Mountain View. Lawrence. Santa
Clara, San Jose, (Gilroy. Iloi'.!*-
ter. Tret Plnos), Pajaro, Wataon-
Tllle. Capitola. Santa Cruz, Caa-
troville. Saffnst 10-45*
4.30? San Joae and Way Stations 8-3Ba
15-00? San Joae. (v!» Santa Clara) Loa
Gatoa. Wright and Principal Way
Stations FS-OOa
t640? San Jote and Principal Way Stations t8 CO a
16.15? ban Mateo. RcrcsforJ.Delnionc.Saa
t'arlot, Kedwood. Fair Oaks.
MenloPark. Palo Alto t9 45F
6.30? San Jose and Way Stations ... 6.55*
7-(tO? Sunset Limited. Eastbound.— San
Luis Oblspo. Santa Barbara, Loa
Angeles, l)cmlng. El Paso, New
Orleans, New Tork. (Westbound
arrives via S»n Jonqnln Valley). . , w82S a
C.CCr Palo Alto and Way Stations 1015a
11-30? South San Francisco. Millbrae."
Burllnirame. San Mateo. Bel-
nont. San Carlo*. Redwood, ,» .0.
t Fair Oaks. Menlo Park. Palo 1 a*l»
Alto, Mayfleld. Mountain View. ?»¦«•'
Sunnyvale. Lawrooce, Santa
Clara and San Jote J m
A. for Morn 1 nit. P for Afternoon,
x Saturday and Sunday only. J Sunday only.
i Stops at all ttationa on Sunday.
. t Sunday excepted. a Saturday only.
« Via Coast Line. * Via San Joaquln Valley.
» Arrive via Nllea. / Tuesday and Friday.
QT* Only trains stopping at Valencia St. southbound
are«:10A.M..tT:00A.M..lt:CX)A.M., 2:COr.u.and«:30r-J«.
Bsa BrMfQV Jk Vis^^— ma IsW jBft^
m- J vThami sw km asak SeM. C^! "^i
H B h BQ t£&i ITS HTM C" m n_La
fa Jn bS |Sf n "*k| ¦* JL **^3
VA/. X. HESS,
. K0T1BT PUBLIO AND ATT0H5SY-AT-L1 W,
Ttath Floor. Room 1013. Claus Spreckela oldav
Telephone Main 883. .""«•
Residence. 821 CallfornU at., below PowtU.
Raaidaac* TeleDhou* Junaa **in
THE CALL'S
GREAT ATLAS OFFER
Will close on September 24,
1903, and all holders of Atlas
Coupons are requested to pre-
sent them immediately, as this
great opportunity to secure one
of these splendid Atlases at The
Call's premium rates will be
brought to a close • on Septem-
ber 24. V -v! :¦'
I ' 4 rfrM I ¦ t^5 H *Bl 'Cjjg
§44 rjj gasi 1 jta p IP* 1
LEADING BUSINESS COLLEGE OF THE
«r , V^. e I' J .'* n Pcet mt - 6 *° Francisco. CaL
Elt£ £* lthe<1 *° y«arm. Open entire year
write for illustrated catalogue <frce).
1 FOLYTECHNIC
/V Bueisess College and
-BSL m School ef Engineer-
|5*X«W^£V lr.ir. Oakland, C*l.
!T»r23V U WrjOSsM Larre*t «nd best
*&Zw<CZL U R*i*Ms3 equipped tchool of
if Km i a ft SitSrJ buHBess ihorthan-1
y&^fzm r-«sr* v aD<1 en * :lre * rtr * : wett
•jBylfewjU^C^lWWt. climate, expenses low.
Tf» •«' Write for tre* 100-
p«re catalogue.
Miss West's School for Girls,
20H VAN NESS AVENUE
Opens August 19. Home and day school. Ac-
credited by leading college. For catalogue ad-
drygs MARY B. WEST. Principal.
HOITT'S SCHOOL
FOP BUYS Men'.o Park. Californlv Prepare,
fcr any university cr for business. Beaitor
BELMONT SCHOOL
FOR BOYS. BELMONT. CAL • '
Opens for new pupils August 10; tor fornw
pupils Acpat 12. Catalogue and book of vlTwi
en application. ™"
W T. REID. A- M. (Harvard), Head Master.
SACRED HEART EVENING COM-
MERCIAL SCHOOL,
rjCEED EEAET COLLEGE. Eddy tU Lirrio3U
ILltlLS CPEIf K01CD17, AC6DST 3 Ufa '
¦ tt 7:16 p. m. V *
Gitcbcock Military Academy,
saxt b Ar An., cax.
St. Mary's Collet
OAKLAND, CAL
igte , will t^yg&g^T^Ag^
ST. JOSEPH'S ACADEMY,
PERALTA PARK. BERKELEY.
Botrain* and day acbool for boys under 13 rears
?LJ* e -^ 6tu(Ue « commence MO.VOAY. August a,
19C3. fiend for prospectus to Bro. Ge&ebraa.
California
L. I ITI I iGO • • • : ;
W^ n ea^ Train
iBBli^i^l or Those Who
SANTA FE TRAINS.
Leave Market-atreet Ferry Depot. •
~ Local Lim'd J Local JOv'rl'd
'-..v- Dally Daily Dally Dally
Lv. San Fran.... 7:30a[ 9:30a 4:00p 8:00p
Ar Stockton 10:40 a 10:01 p 7:10 p 11:15 pj
"Merced 1:05 p 1:55 p 1:28 a
•^1' Fresno 2:40p 3:2Op 3:15a
"Hanford 4:58 p 4:0" p 7:50a
"Vlgalia 4:55 p 4:43 p 5:COa
"Bakersfleld ... 7:15p 6:00p 7:35a
"Kansas City T 2:35 a ....... 7:00a
"Chicago |2:15p 8:4Tp
a for morning: p for afternoon.
7:30 a. m. Daily Is Bakersfleld Local. stoj>-
plng at all points in San Joaquln Valley. Cor-
responding train arrives at 8:55 a. m. 'tally.
9:30 a. m Monday- and Thursday la th»
CAX.IPOKNIA LIMITED, carrying- Pal-
ace . Sleeping 1 Cars and Dining Cars
through to Chicago. Chair car runs to Bakers-
fleld for accommodation of local flrst-class pas-
sengers. No second-class tickets are honored
on this train. Corresponding train arrives at
11 :10 p. m. Tuesday and Friday.
9:30 a. m. Dally Valley Limited. Composite
Car and Reclining Chair Car between Bakers-
fleld and San Francisco. Corresponding train
arrives at 11:10 p. m. dally.
4:00 p m la Stockton Local. Corresponding
train arrives at 11 :10 a. m. daily.
8:00 p. m Dally ls the Overland Express
with through Palace and Tourist Sleepers and
Free Reclining Chair Cars to Chicago; also
Palace Sleeper, which cuts out at Fresno. Cor-
responding train arrives at 6:25 p. m. dally.
Personally conducted parties for Kansas City.
Chicago and East leave San Francisco every
Monday Thursday and Saturday at 8 p. m.
Offices — 641 Market street apd in Ferry De-
pot. San Francisco; 1112 Broadway. Oakland.
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN II. CO.
L.ESSSB
UH FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFI3 '
BAILWAT COMPAHT.
Tlburon Perry, Poot of Market St.
SAN PBANCISCO TO SAW EAPAEL.
WEEK DAYS— 7:30. 8:00. 9:00. 11:00 a. m.;
12:35. 2:30, 3:40. 5:;0, 5:50. 6:30 and 11:30
P. m.
Saturdays — Extra' trip at 1:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS — 7:30. 8:00. 9:30. 11:00 a, m.; 1:30.
2:30, 3:40. 5:10. 6:30. 11:30 p. m.
SAN BAFAEL TO SAN PSAHCZSCO.
WEEK DAYS— 6:05, 6:50. 7:35. 7:50. 9:20.
11:15 a. m.; 12:50. •2:00, 3:40. 5:00, 5:20.
6:25 p. m.
Saturdays — Extra trip at 1:45 p. ra.
SUNDAYS — 6:5O. 7:35. 9:20. 11:15 a. m. ; 1:45,"
3:40, 4:50, 5:00. 5:20. 6:10. 0:25 p. m.
'Except Saturdays. >
Leave I In Effect I Arrive
San Francisco.) May 3. 1003. |San Francisco.
Week I Sun- I Destlna- I Sun- I Week
Days. I days.) fton. {days, f Days.
7:30 a 7:45 a 7:45 a
7:30a 8:00 a 8:40a 8:40 a
8:0Qa 0:30a Ignaclo. 10:20a 10:20a
2:30 p 2:30 p 6:00 p 6:20 p
5:10 p 5:10 p 6:20 p 7:25 p
7:25 p
7:30a 7:3olT — — _ ;45 7:43a
&:rx>a 8:00 a Novato. 10:20 a 10:20 a
2:30 p 9:30 a Petaluma, 6:20 p| 6:20 p
5:lup 2S 3ft p and 7:25 p 7:25 p
5:10 p Santa Rosa. |
7:30 a 7:30 a 10:2Oa 10:20 a
8:00 a 8:00 a Fulton. 7:25 p 6:20 p
2:30 p 2:30 p 7:25 p
j Windsor.
7:30 a 7 30 af Healdst>urg. 10:20 a 10:20 a
Lytton.
2:30 p 2:30 p| Geyservllle. 7:25 p 7:25 p
¦ I Cloverdale.
7:30 a! 7:30 a! Hopland 110:20 a|10:20 a
2:30 p| 2:30 p| and Uklah. | 7:25 p| 7:25 p
*7T30a| 7:30a| Wlllits. |. 7:25 p| 7:25 p
8:00 al 8:00 al Camp Vacation. 110:20 a|10:20 a
2:30 p| 2:30 p| Guernevllle. ( 7:23 p| 6:20 p
8:0Oa|8:0Oa| Sonoma. I 8:40a 8:40a
5:10 p| 5:10 p| Glen Ellen. | ft-.OO p 6:20 p
7:30 al 7:30 at ~~ 110:20 a|10:20 a
2:30 p| 2:30 p| Sebastopol. ( 7:25 p| 6:20 p
STAGES connect at Green Brae for San
Quentin; at Santa Row for White Sulphur
Springs; at Fulton for Altrurla and Mark West
Springs; at Lytton for Lytton Springs; at Gey-
serville for Skacrfrs SprinfTf at Cloverdale for
the Oeysers, Boonrvllle and GrtenwooS; at
Hopland tor Duncan Springs, Highland Springs.
Kelscyvllle, Carlsbad Springs. Soda Bay, Lake-
. port and Bartlejt Springs; at Uklah for Vichy
Springs, Saratoga Springs. Btue Lakes. Laurel
Dell Lake. Witter Springs. Upper Lake. Prsmo.
Potter Valley. John Day's Riverside. Llerly's,
Bucknell's. Sanhedrin Heights. Rullvllle. Orr's
Hot Springs. Halfway House, Comptche. Camp
Stevens, Hopkins, Mendoclno City, Fort Bragg
Westport. Usal; at Wllllts for Fort Bragg
Westport. Sherwood. Cahto, Covello, Layton-
vUle, Cummings. Bell's Springs. Harris OI-
sen"s. Dyer.. Garberville. Pepperwood. Scotia
and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at
reduced rates.
On Sunday— Round-trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket office. 6.T0 Market street. Chronicle
buildlnr.
H. C. WHITING. R. X. RTAN
Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass. Agt.
MOUNT TAMALPAIS RAILWAY
Leave Ti* Svusiiit ftrrr 'Arrtv*
SaaFran. ********* SoaFraW '
Week Sun- _ggB_ " ~Sun- Week"
Day*, days jfimBiBtK dan Dara.
ei*6i-«7ooi f$!&mk H^ksro
}?:°°* 2-IS" 5:5Or
fctariayi wly, Haw Tkwn v •»30r.»nlwlJ'. llTSpy
Ji^ 1 6 *L ****** St - (North Shore Raxlroad/
0mC« | and Sausauto Pkkjcy Foot Markat StT
SPECIALTIES
Advertised by Responsible Firms of S. F.
oiu. aK Ka W up..i. WtEKLY CALL
p lively « aad Qnieklj
. Carti. NOPALS 16 PAGES
_^ . RAILWAY TBAVE1.
¦ TO SAN RAFAEL
SAN QUENTIN,
MILL VALLEY,
CAZADERO,ETC.
via Sausalito Perry
WEEK DAYS— (Holidays excepted)— 6:45,
! 1*7:45, S:45, 0:45. 11 a. m., 12:20, n:45, 3:15.
I 4:15.15:15, *6:15. 6:45. 9. 11:45 p. m.
7:45 a. m. train week days does net run to
Mill Valley. ¦ •
' SUNDAYS AND LEGAL HOLIDAYS— 7.
+8, t*0. ' t*10. 11. tll:30 a. in., fl2:30 t*l:30,
2:35, *3:50, ,5, 6, 7:30,; 9, 11:45 p. m.
Trains marked (*) run to San Quentin. Those
marked (t> to Fairfax, except 5:15 p. m. Sat-
urdays. ' On Saturdays the 3:15 o. m. train
runs to Fairfax. - ,
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO
—Week days— 5:25. J«:25. 7:40, 8:15. J9:35.
11:05 a. m., 12:30, 2:20, J3:45, 4:50, 5:30, 6:45,
10:20 s>. m. '
'¦¦ SUNDAYS— 6:15. 7:35, t8:10. 9:40. tlO:55,
111:45 a. m.. 12:50. 2:30, *3:25. 4:40, J5:50.
6:55. 7:35. 1O:2O p. m.
Trains marked (t) "tart from San Quentin.
FROM MILL, VALLEY TO SAN FRAN-
CISCO— Week \. days— 5:45. 6:40. 7:45. 8:25
9:45. 11:10 a. m., 12:40, 2:45, 4:15. 5:10. 7:05
10:40 o.: m. . '
SUNDAYS— 6:35, 7:C5, 10, 11:10 a. m.. 12:05.
1:05.. 2:40, 3:45. 4:55. 6:05. 7:10. 10:40 p. m
THROUGH TRAINS.
,7:45 a. m., week days — Cazadero and way
stations. ,.¦
5:15 p. m.. week days (Saturdays excepted)—
Tomales • and way stations.
3:15 p. m.. Saturdays — Cazadero. and way
stations. : • ¦-.¦-.. .*
Sundays and Legal Holidays— 8 a. m.. Caza-
dero and ;way station?. -
Sundays and Legal Holldaya— 10 a. m. Point
Reyes and way stations.
TICKET OFFICE— tl'6 Market st.
FERRY — Foot of Market st. "
¦ ' . ¦
[j m r^y Why take a
I iifi iT*\ Hv^it f tour * st slee P er ?
I mm J*Y*0 11?^ 1 A better way to put the
fi^^VKv^ ra- h question is: Why take I
la \\\ mil 1 Tk e berths are roomy;
iaSaJ y. kaTTBrar^iV^r s t h e bedding is of better
y a t|\ \ xg.^ I *T quality than is found in the
\_ * '*Jr^ r y*r~~- 0. average hotel; the ventilating,
BM^jg I 1 W~~ -^3 nt^ n S an(^ neat^ n § arrange-
¦k^Ib J laJ^^^r ments are up to date; there
I^^S . rSjp^ are separate toilet rooms for men
raS f I 'Pr an(^ womcn I e *" s k * s car P ete^>
Ha ~ an< * t^ lcrc * s a heating range for
BaSm making tea and coffee.
ffygj Rock Island tourist tleepers leave San Francisco and Lot Aojeles
I ™« daily for Kansas City and Chicaeo via El Paso; Monday, artiflTTBttfc
Tuesday and Thursday cars from San Francisco are ¦¦Hajj'Waja^jgr'ggy
personally conducted from Los Anreles. "Scenic" line cars leave jl • TtlJ^I f 3 k T il 1 ¦
San Francisco Wednesdays, Saturdays and Sundays. All three ImU"!^ Ml^'lll
are personally conducted. Tickets at all So. Pac. ticket offices. BcfTRcWSS^fRfl
Folder fivin? full information furnished on request. jtwL^^i.'J i'tl 1 1 Ea\
¦>" ' F< w - Thompson, G. W. A., tB^lCnaMfllmJI
623 Market Street, San Francisco, Cal. . *gg^ n * I!^**^g*HST. LOUIS. Aug. 25. — Wool, steady: medium
jrradeH combing and clothing. 13,&21%c; light
fine. ld^l'V-c; heavy fine, 12015c; tub-washed.
20®29^c. ' ' .
St. Louis Wool Market.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
I ¦ Potatoes continue to arrive freely, and aa
the demand for shipping Is somewhat limited
the market has an easier tone. A considerable
portion of the receipts from the river districts
are of poor quality and several sales are re
ported below the quotations. Fancy offerings
In boxes from the river and good Salinas Bur
banks are In demand for local use and read
ily command full figures. Sweet Potatoes are
coming forward rapidly and prices are stead
ily decllfiingr. Onions are easy, with supplies
plentiful and the demand moderate, both for
local and shipping purposes.
Supplies of vegetables were plentiful, and
with the exception of Tomatoes, which were
lower prices showed but Blight variation. Re
ceipts' of both bay and river Tomatoes were
liberal, and as the demand was rather light
prices 'had a further decline. Some exception
ally fine lots of the river article sold at a slight
advance over the quotations at the stores, but
the maximum quotation was an extreme fig
ure for the best offerings on the wharf. The
receipts from . across the bay camo to hand
too late for the regular trade and there was
quite a surplus unsold at the close. Green
Corn continued to sell at unsteady prices, most
of the receipts being of poor quality. • String,
Wax and Lima Beans were In free supply and
only the very best offerings received any at
tention. Pickle Cucumbers were offering
freely and cleaned up quickly under a 3teady
demand from packers. Trading In other vege
tables was moderately active and prices were
""POTATOES— Burbanks from the river, 00c@$l
per ctl in sacks and $101 25 In boxes; Sallna*
Burbanks. $1 B0#l 75 per ctl; Early Rose,
SOc®$l : Garnet Chiles. $101 15; Sweet Pota
toes, 2©2>,4e per lb.
ONIONS— 55065c per ctl. _ :
- VEGETABLES — Green Corn. i5c@l 50 per
eaclc; crates from Alameda, $1@1 75; from
Berkeley 75c@$l; Green Peas, 3®4c per lb;
String Beans, - 1 >M2c per lb; Was, 1 Vi#2c;
Lima Beans. l»4@2^c per lb: Tomatoes. 400
75c per box for river and $1 for bay; Summer
Squash ao@40c per box; Cabbage, 75c®$l per
ctl" Ca'rrots 75c@?t per sack: Cucumbers, 30
@50c per box;; Pickle Cucumbers, $1 25@1 £0
per box for No.' 1 and 75c<!?$l for No. 2; Gar
lic, 2(g3c per lb; Green Peppers, 25@40c.per
box or sack; Green Okra. 25®40c per box;
Ecg Plant. 40@COc per box; Marrowfat Squash,
$20 per ton; . . .-. -'-'¦.¦¦ . . .
Poultry and Game.
A car of Western 'Poultry, chiefly small
young. stock, was on «ale and moved off fairly
well at fair prices. The receipts of domestic
. There was nothing new on th» local
exchanges except that trading was rather more
active on the Stock and Bond and California
exchanges. Home Oil sold at $1 1531 20.
President Ellis and Louis Rosenfeld have re
signed as directors of this company and Messrs.
Cutting, Mallet and Bush have been elected
directors.' ' : . '
The Golden State Power Company has levl«»t
an assessment of 35c. delinquent September 25.
Plttsburg OH Company has declared a dlvt
dend of 2#c per share, amounting to $6000.
payable. September 1.
The Homestake Mlnlne Company of South
Dakota paid a regular monthly dividend of 23c
yesterday. .. -
Stock and Bond Exchange.
TUESDAY. Aug. 23—2:30 p. m.
UNITED STATES BONDS.
Bid. Ask.; -- Bid. Ask.
4s qr coup...— — 4 s- qr c (new) — —
4sqrreg....— — . '3s qr coup... — 107
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Ala A W 5s. — Do 5s — 114%
Bay CPC 5s. 103% 106 Do con 5«. — —
Cal CG6». — • — OWCicSa. — —
Cal G & E g Oceanic S 3s. — —
and ct 5s.. — — Om C R 6s. 123
Cal-Mt C 5s. — — Pac O Im 4s — —
C C Wat 5s. — — P E Ry 5s. 108 107%
EdLAPKa. — — P&CH6». — —
FiCHDs. — — P *: O R 6«. — . —
Geary-st5s.. — — Powell-st Ga. — —
H C & S 5*oS — — ' SE GAR 5s. — 104
H C A 8 5s.. — — SF & SJV3s.H0 I19*i
Hon R T 6». — — S f R of C 6*111% —
Meat Market.
- Hogs are getting firmer again end the local
packers have advanced their bids to <H4c Re
ceipts are llchter. Mutton Is lower. Beef
and Veal show no change.
DRESSED MEATS.
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers
are as follows:
BEEF— 6^7c for and Sj&'Cc per lb
for Cows.
VEAL— Large. 768c; small. &@10c per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers. 8©S He; Ewes. Sc per lb.
LAMB — 9® 10c per lb.
PORK — Dressed Hogs, SVi®9tfc per lb.
LIVESTOCK MARKET.
The following quotations are for pood, sound
Livestock, ¦ delivered In ' San Francisco, less 50
per cent shrinkage for Cattle: ¦ -
CATTLE— Steers. 8©9c; Cowi and Heir«ra,
STOCK MARKET.
Receipts of Produce.
FOR TUESDAY. AUGUST 2X'
Flour. -<jr ska... 8.050 Straw.. tona in
Wheat, ctls .... 9.041 Wool, bales ..,. ¦ 81
Barley, ctls ....88.6S« Pelts, No 3.411
Oats, ctls 1.680 Hides. No 1.42T
Corn (East), ctls 1.000 Leather, rolls .. <24
Beans, sks ¦ 57 Lime, bbls 409
.Potatoes, sks ... 4.3C9 Wine, gala 4.73O
Onions, sks 20A Quicksilver, flsks 97
Hay, tons 1.115
OREGON.
Wool, bales .... 20
WASHINGTON.
Flour, qr sks. . .16, 212,' Bran, sks 600
Wool continues In good shape for sellers,
nr.d the demand for all grades is brisk, ex
cept short defective Falls, which are drag
ging. Everything else Ie well cleaned up.
The Oreeons and Nevadas here ore generally
held above the views of buyers.'.
Hides are quoted easy, except for choice
stock, which Is moving off fairly. There Is a
Rood deal of poor stock coming in now. The
tanners have lately been buying more freely.
Tallow has now become plentiful and Is
freely offered with a weak market. Every
dealer has some to sell.
Hops are hlsher. as will be seen, and the
market la quoted firm, though It is not as
active as it has been of late. Both 1902. and
1903 crops are quoted at thu same prices.
HIDES AND SKINS — Culls and brand3 sell
about l*4c under quotations. Heavy Salted
Steers. 10c: medium. Uc; light. 8c; Cow
Hides, 8c for heavy and 8c for light;
Stags, 6c; Salted Kip. 9c; Salted Veal. 9'4e;
Salted Calf. 10c: dry Hides, 16c; ury Kip. 13c;
dry Calf. 18c: Sheepskins, ihearllngs. 25@30c
each- short wool, 4i»S50c each; medium. 70®
nOc; lone wool, $1@1 5O each: Horse Hides,
salt, ?2 75 for large and $2 25@2 50 for me
dium,f2 for small and 60c for Colts; Horse
Hides, dry. ?1 '8 for ' ar Ke and $1 50 for me
dium. ?lf 1 23 for small and COc for Colts.
Buck Skins — Dry Mexican. 32 Vic dry raited
Mexican. 26c: dry Central American, 32^c.
Goat Skins — Prime Angoras. 75c: large and
smooth. 5Oc; medium, 35c: small. 20c.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered. i^Q4%c per. lb;
No. 2. 4@4%e; grease. 2%®3c.
WOOI*— Fall cl!? — San Joaquin Lambs', 9<Q>
12c: Foothill. 10@12c: Middle County. 11013c.
Quotations for sprlnsc clip are as follows: Hum
boldt and Mendoclno. 18©2Oc; Nevada. 13®15c:
Valley Oreson. flue. 18©19c: do, medium, 17@
18c; do coarse, ICiJtKc per.lb.\
HOPS— 20@21c per lb for both 1002 and 1903.
Hides, Tallow, Wool and Hops.
BOSTON, Aug. 25.— The volume of actual
trade In the wool market here this week was
only moderate. Prices, however, were firmly
held and there Is no weakness In any direction.
Quotations: ¦• .
Territory — Idaho, fine. 14@15c: fine medium.
16*4(7*17 >,4c: medium. lS@10c: Wyoming, fine.
14(ffil5c; fine medium. 10^®17 1 4c; fine, 18%©
10c; Utah and Nevada-fine. U.'SlCc; fine me
mlum. 17@17%c;. medium. 19®20e.
Montana fine choice, 21«r22c; fine medium
choice. 19©2Oc; staple, 20@21c; medium. 20©
21c; Colorado and New Mexico, etc.. fine, u@
12c; fine medium. 14@15c; medium. 15@10c.
Bosto n Woo I Market.
CHICAGO. Aug. 25.— CATTLE— Receipts
5500, including 2000 Western: steady to 10a
lower; good to prime steers; $5 25©5 75; poor
to medium. $4@5 10: utockcra and feeder*, $2 50
©4 30; cows. - $2 60@4 40; heifers, $2g4 25
rannerfe. $1 50@2 70; bulls, $1 500:4 40; calves,'
$367: Texas fed steers, $3^4 C5; Western
steers. $3 25g?4 65.
HOGS — Receipts to-day. 11.000; to-morrow.
30.C0O; opened steady, closed If.{r25c lower;
mixed and butchers', $5 10i@5 00; good to
choice heavy. $5 45j?5 75; , rough heavy, $5ifj>
5 40: light, $5 60® 0 15; bulk of sales, $5 30
©6 70. -
SHEEP — Receipts, 25.000; sh»>f»p and lambs,
steady; good to choice wethers, $3ji>3 60; fair to
choice mixed. $2 2503; Western sheep, $2 75@
3 CO; native, lambs, $4 50®5 CO; Western
lambs, $i@5 10.
CHICAGO.
Eastern Livestock Market.
NEW YORK, Aug. 25.-The semi-stagnation
of the stock market vat unrelieved to-day and
the dealings were In smaller volume than yes
terday. There was some revival of activity
toward the last and the market closed strong.
The majority of the stock* which made up the
great bulk of the trading left off 1 to 2 points
higher than last night. The strong features
were Missouri Pacific. St. Paul, Atchison.
Amalgamated Copper and Tenneisee Coal.
There was no news to explain the advancing
tendency of the market, and the true cause
peemed to be that the room traders reached the
limit of their ability to depress prices yester
day and so covered their short contracts. At
tention was wholly diverted to the yacht race
throughout the day. There was a large list of
absent members and those on the floor spent
their time watching the bulletins of the races.
Morning report* from London showed come, dis
position to buy American stocks there and the
opening advance here was in sympathy. Erie
waa conspicuously in demand for London ac
count. The development of this foreign de
mand is of special interest In Its bearings on
the exchange situation. There was large re
selling o. foreign holdings of our securities,
taken at the bottom of the decline when the
rally hens ehowed signs of culminating and
the renewal of the demand on the reaction has
not yet assumed Important proportions The
eauler tone in to-day'* exchange market was
largely due to the appearance in that market
of bankers finance bills, which are connected
with borrowing abroad. The fortign banking
houses, in New York a'so. are on important
source of supply for funds In the time money
market- The present abundance of call loan
funds is largely caused by the placing on de
posit of trust company funds with the banks
to secure the Interest- on deposit accounts
which Is higher than the present call loan rate'
Any rise In the call loan rate would be prompt
ly followed by the withdrawal of those trust
company depoeits from banks for placing In the
call loan market, which would necessitate a
shirting flood of accounts of banks alsrf and
tome probable disturbance In the money mar
ket. Tbig contingency la a repressive Influence
on the stock market speculation Just now
There is anxiety also over the closing .up of the
cotton corner, which, it is generally believed,
la yet to be achieved, and which will neces«a
rfly be an operation of tsume peril. Many ru
mor* are still prevalent of efforts making by
large industrial corporations to secure tempo
rary loan*. The recent heaviness of New York
Central, which was a depressing factor for a
time this morning, also eeems to be explained
by the petition to the Stock Exchange to list
$0,000,000 and $6,000,000 additional general
mortgage bonds. These are In connection. with
the continuing operation of the company's re
funding plan. The weekly crop bulletin wu ,
Nezv York Stock Market.
New York Cotton Market
NEW YORK, Aug. 25. — Cotton futures open
ed strong at an advance or .Vyl4 points and
closed barely steady, net 15@26 points higher
on the new crop positions. .
EASTERN MARKETS.
The markets under this head are dull and
Beans are rether weak than otherwise,
though quotations show no further change.
Reports from the Bean crop of Wisconsin,
Michigan, New York ana Canada are unfav
orable, owing to the cold and wet season and
resultant late planting, and some interests In
New York are accordingly taking a bullish
view of the situation.
BEANS— Bayos, $3; Pea. $3 25; Butters,
Kl 25; email White, 12 7503 05; large White,
$2 754*2 85: Pink, $2 75 Q 2 1)0; Red. » *:> tmfy.t;
Lima, ?3 25@3 40; Red Kidneys. nominal;
Blackeyc, $2 «i54$2 85 per ctl; Horse Beans,
SI 40<&l 50.
'SEEDS — Brown Mustard, nominal; Yellow
Mustard, nominal: Flax, $1 70@l 80; Canary.
n&5>ic for Eastern; Alfalfa, nominal: Rape.
l a i<i2«-.c- Timothy, «®tlM;C: Hemp, 3V4©3M;C
per lb';" Millet, o®3%c; Broom Corn Seed, $2lK0
23 per ton.
DRIED PEAS— Green. ?1 S0@2 per ctl.
Beans and Seeds.
WEATHER AND CROP CONDITIONS.
Hanfnrd— Peaehe* turning out exceedingly
well. Prune? aLout half crop.
Willows — Grapes good crop.
HolMster — Grapes doing well, with pronpects
of a large crop. *¦<-•.»
Livc-rmore — Efctimated grape yield four tons
to the acre.
Colusa— Grapes doing well; yield wilL^ be
Clovtrdale — Watermelons on market
Napa — Prunes ripening; good crop
Santa, Maria— Fog until nooa; unchanged
crop conditions.
A. G. McADIE. Section Director.
This market Is unchanged aa to quotations,
with a fair demand.' Stocks are sufficient for
all current needs, without being excessive.
CURED MEATS — Bacon. . 12%o per lb for
heavy, 13c for light medium, 15c for light.
15^c for extra light. 17»£c for sugar-cured and
18%c for extra sugar-cured ;. Eastern sugar
cured Hams. 15%c; California Hams. lS'.ic;
Mesa Beef. $11 5O#12 per bbl; extra Mess. $12
@12 50; Family. $13 50; prime Mesa Pork, *1«;
extra clear, S25; Mess. $20; Dry Salted Pork,
12»Ac; Pig Pork. $28; Pigs' Feet, $5 25;
Smoked Beef. 15c per lb.
LARD — Tierces quoted at 79ie per lb for
compound and lOfJlOVkc for pure; half barrels,
pure. lOi-ifilii-lic; 10-lb tins. 10%@llc; 5-lb
tins. ll'Ac; 3-lb tins. ll%c.
COTTOLENE— £)ne half barrel. 9%c: three
half barrels, 9^c; one tierce. 9»&cj two tierces,
OUc; five tierces, 9} s c per lb.
Chicago reports receipts of Hogs Increasing
again, which makes a dragging market. The
feeling there Is on the whole bearish.
Provisions.
NEW YORK, Aug. 25.— The London tin mar
ket was unchanged, with spot quoted at £127
and futures at £124 ICs. Locally, tin was easy
and lower, closing at $27 90.
Spot copper advanced 2*' t'd In London to
£5si 7n (id and futures closed at a gain of 5s to
JuM ICs. Locally, copper was quiet and steady.
Lake Is quoted at $13 75@14, electrolytic at
$13H2H@13 75 and casting at $13 .S7H0I.1 f,o.
Lead was unchanged In London at £11 :ts •#. t
and locally at it 25. ¦
Spelter was unchanged at £21 In London and
at SO In New York.
Iron closed at 51s Od injOlasgow and at 46s
9d In Mlddlesboro. Locallyl Iron was quiet and
more or less nominal. Na 1 foundry, North
ern, Is quoted at $17 5O4J18; No. 2 foundry.
Northern, at $16 50<iil7: No. 1 foundry. South
ern, and do soft at $16 50© 16 75.
Nezv York Metal .Market.
Bran Is lower. Shorts and Middlings re
main unchanged and the latter show no par
ticular weakness. RolleJ Barley is higher tn
sympathy with raw grain. Hay Is not ma
terially unchanged. receipts still 'running
heavy, and the lower grades are weak, while
choice rules firm.
BRAN— $244«25 per ton.
MIDDLINGS — ?27&30 per ton.
SHOUTS — $24fi25 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS — Rolled Uarley, $24©25 per
ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill, *26®20 50; job
bing. $27©27 50; Cocoanut Cake, $21@22;
Corn Meal, $.53 ft(Kj?34 50; Cracked Corn, $31®
35; Mixed Feed, ?23<g24; Horse Beans, $28@30
per ton.
HAY Wheat. $11(514 ".0. with sales of extra
choice at $15; Wheat.and Oat. AlHiUi 50; Oat,
*10<(il3; Wild Oat. ?» 50'tfll 50; Barley. $9@11;
Clover, $3 5O<iJll; Stock. ?8tj9; Alfalfa, |S&
10 50 per ton.
STRAW— 40ffj(5c per bale.
Hav and Feedstuff s.
NEW YORK. Aug. 25.— Special cable and
telegraphic advices received by Bradstreet's
show the following changes in available sup
plies, as compared with the last account:
Wheat — United States and Canada, east of
the Rockies, decreased 7000 bushels; afioat for
and In Europe. Increased f 00. 000 bushels- total
supply, increased o93,000 bushels.
Corn— United States and Canada east of the
Rockies, decreased 874,000 bushels.
Oats — United States and Canada, east of
Rockies, increased (J06.000 bushels.
Visible Grain Supply.
Fruit and Wheat Bulletin.
Tct the tweny-four hcurs ending 5 p. m.,
12(/th meridian time, San Francisco, August 25.
«-?* -?3 »«£ j;»> - o^- ,.. ei i
g? : if«! I; ; ;i ;|i
STATIONS. fiplf I" |§ I 5
c c II : : ;
3 3 1% : ; :
\ \ l\ \ : :
Cloverdale ... f-2 r,9 Clear 777. ..
Colusa. V{ (V) .... Clear
Eureka <i2 5<j 00 Clear NW Lt
Fresno !t4 «>0 Clear NW 14
Har.ford 02 07 .... Clear
HolliHer y\ 49 Clear W "
Indep* nden.ee SS C2 Clear W 22
King City . . K5 51 Clear N Fsh
Livermore ... 7a .... Clear
Lea Angeles.. 7y U2~ T. Clear SYV io
N'apa 78 iK» Clear SW
Newman ... 96 Zl .... Clear
Palermo S3 «jo t. Pt.Cldy S
Porterville .. 'M .%9 .... Clear NW
R«-<J Bluff ... SO r.S Clear NW 12
Sacramento .80 58 .... Clwtr S 14
Ear. Diego ... 70 «4 Clear W 8
San Fran ... W ."2 Clear W 21
San Jose 7<S 53 Clear
S. L. Gbicpo. 72 54 .... Cletr W " *6
Santa Maria. 75 57 Clear W Lt
Par.ta Roea... Kl 4S Clear
Willows S2 5ti Pt.Cldy X II
LIVERPOOL.
¦Wheat — Sept. . Oct. . Deo.
Opening «tt > fi r>",6 ¦ 66%
Closing 6 6 (1 3ij , • 6 CU
'PARIS.'
Wheat— . Aug. Nov. -Feb.
Opening 22 75 21 OO
Closing ..'22 05 2105 I
Flour —
Opening 31 20 2S 00
Closing 31 70 28 00
Articles — Recelpts.Shlpments.
Flour, barrels ...s 20.829 15,758
Wheat, bushels 11,135 . 45,090
Corn, bushels 371, (KtO ?T>«.BOO
Oats, bushels 899.50O ' 271.200
Rye. bushels 9,600 got)
Barley, bushels 10.800
On the Produce Exchange to-day the butter
market was steady; creameries, 14@19c; dai
ries, 13fi>17c: cheese, easy, O^CllUc; eggs,
steady 14<JjlGc.
Foreign Futures.
Cash quotations were as follows: Flour,
steady: No. 2 red wheat, 79V4@81Hc: No. 2
corn, r.2%c: No. 2 yellow. T.:i% @54c; No. .2
oats, 32c; No. 3 white. 34%®35c; No. 2 rye.
51%@53%c; good feeding barley, 48®-50c; fair
to choice malting, 51@56c; flaxseed, 98*4c; No.
1 Northwestern, $1 02%: prime timothy seed,
$3 30; mess pork, per bbl, $12 G5@12 70; lard,
per 100 lbs. *S 07H@i* 10; short ribs sides
(looset. ?7 37V46'7 «2>^; dry salted shoulders
(boxed), 6%@7c; short clear sides (boxed), 7%
@7%c; clover, contract grade, $10 50 nominal.
Retail Meat Prices.
The following retail prices for meats are
quoted by the Retail Batchers" Protective As
sociation :
¦ SEEF — Prime Roatt. 15©lSc: Porterhouse
r^teak. lKfz^ijc: Tenderloin Steak, 156 lho;
Slenk. 12Vifcil5c; Top Round Steak,
l-'s-c; Beef cJtew, 10c; Corr.ed Be«f, S^lOc;
feoup Bonos, 4c; Soup Meat. 5§10c.
VEAL— Loin Roast. 15£20c; Shoulder Roast.
I2i;SI5c; Chops or Cutlets, 15£*J0c; blew, 12%
felSc.
ML'TTON— Lfg, I2ii@i5e; Forf>quarter. SQ
10. ; .«!ew, kSlOc: Prime Chop*. 12^.frl8c.
LAMB — Leg, 2Oc; Foreq uarter. 12U@15c:
Hsr.dquartcr, I8g2<ic; Shoulder Roast, 10®
12>«r; Chcps, lSQiSc.
PORK— Roast. lS^gibe; Chr>ps, 1531Sc.
Thee*, prices do not cover the cheaper grades.
as it .'.- impossible to quote regular prices en
them.
The Weather and Crops.
Th» weekly report of A. G. McAdle. section
director of the Climate and Crop Service of
the Weather Bureau, is as follows:
GENERAL SUMMARY.
Generally clear weather and normal temper
ature pre\-allcd during the week In the central
and northern sections, with occasional light
-foErs aiong the coact. In Southern California
extremely high temperatures occurred during
the week, accompanied or followed by strong
winds. L!ght rain fell In the foothills of
.Southern California acd on the northwest coast
'jrain threshing and hay baling progressed
rabidly and come of the late grain was har
vested. Wheat, oats and barley have yielded
heavily in Southern California, while in other
sections the Crops are eomewhat better than
expected, though generally below average. All
train is rejjorted excellent lu Quality. Hop
f.;:.f continues and will be completed in
. some districts during the week; the yield In
Sonoma and Alameda counties is reported
hi-svy and the quality very good. Sugar beet
UlIKMI ie progressing and the yield and qual
ity are reported «>atisfa.ctory- Beans and corn
are in good condition.
j.-i.; «.- have not matured as early as usual.
owing \jj cool weather, but are in excellent con
<Jc>un and now ripening rapidly; licking and
BhJj'ping are progressing and prospects are
good for an unusually heavy croj>. The large
crop of deciduous fruits is being gathered and
disposed of. The prun* crop in some «cllon»
if very heavy ar.d the fruit ie of superior size
and quality. 0 Oranges are In good condition
ar.d a large crop is expected • Walnuts will be
llpht.
. SACRAMENTO VALLEY.
«: The temperature was nearly normal during
the week and conditions were favorable for all
crops o*.r.d Tarm work. Giain threshing con
i tinuts and large ehir-irunts of grain and hay
are beir.g made. Hep picking progressed rap
ijly and will be completed in some sections
¦»:*.h:n a week: the yield is nrjch better than
exacted and the quality excellent. Dry feed
is plentiful and 6tock are in good coudition. '
C Giapes are maturing tatisiactor:ly and picking
Is la progress; the yield ar.d quality are re
ported btUer than last season's. Late straw
berries arfc plentiful. Peach drying and almond
nulling are progressing. Pears in Yolo County
are oi rood quality and the yield is large.
Prrnes are going well. Citrus fruits are
"COAST AND BAY SECTIONS.
The weaifcer was eorr.ewhat warmer than
r during the preceding week and favorable for
all crops. Ltpht rain fell on the northwest
ccaci. Grain harvest is completed except in a
few places and threshing is progressing rapid
ly; wheat and barley are of good quality, end
.r. feme se.cticns the yield Is reported nearly
av*ra#e. Hops are in excellent condition and
picking will commence during the present week.
In the Santa Koea s-nd Pleasanton districts
lb* crop is much heavier than expected and
the hops are of excellent quality. Beans are
making satisfactory progress. Grape* are ma
tsrttt «ad picking is progressing in some
places; the yield sa heavy End quality excellent.
1'run* harvest has commented; the crop is
large -and of excellent quality. Pears, plums,
jx-aches tend appies are Fielding heavily.
SAN JOAQUIN VALLEY.
Clear wratber. with warm days and cool
Mg!:Vi> prevailed during the past- week. The
fruit crop Is m&turine and ripening fast. Cut
ting and drying tre progressing rapidly. In
.-.:..» eectiona the greater portion of the crop
r.«* b*<n gathered, while in others the harvest
in *t Its height. The peach crop is good in the
northern portion of the valley and light but of
"good quality In the central and southern por
tions. Prune picking has begun in most or
chards, the crop being llpht but of excellent
quality. Crape* are coloring «lowly in some
s-ctioiM-- owing to the cool weather; tiie crop
will be large The first carload oi Tokay
• grapes was. shipped from Lodi this week. Al
mond harven hP« begun; the harvest is very
um»M some orchards having pood and others
a poor' crop Summer crops all promise good
yieJds. Stock are healthy and doing well. Pas
turage is scarce.
SOUTHERN CALIFORNIA.
Abnormally hi»;h temperature prevailed in the
southern portion most of the week, followed
by high winds end light rain in soae places.
In the vicinity of San Bernardino fruit and
¦...•- trees were prostrated by the wind. The
. xtrerae heat damaged growing vegetables to
MM rxtert. but there are no report* of Injury
to the grult crop. Grapes ripened rapidly an-1
will be ready for picking earlier than usual.
Deciduous fruits are abundant and of gool
'¦uallty Oranges are In excellent condition
and a large crop Is expected. V.'ainuts are
irWpUW »>.d wui be a short crop. Sugar
beets and bear.* are do'.ng well. Grain thresh
inc cid hav ballns are progressing; heavy
r^ r , have b~n harvested Xrrleaxin* water
it plentiful and la being used liberally.
EUREKA SUMMARY.
Harvesting and threshing continue; reports
indicate average crop. In the central and
M.uihrm portions of the county barley is ex
'tpnocaliy gc>od. potatcx-s light, app.es lm
wSmi-ltn t*e northern and interior portion*
• rop« are generally le«s than average.,
LOS ANGELES SUMMARY.
The. very warm w f ather during the past week
Mured beans to some extent, particularly the
Sat* sown The extent of damage can not yet
i,. %«Urnated. Grar*. and cantaloupes were
a:.-o burnt In some places.
Weather Report.
i — — —
/120th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO. Aug. 25. 5 p. m.
"" «" K iE 5 J2 "^
2 • *i* *i~ °~ £ 9 3
"- e •»« *- ~2 £:> - 2.
g SsSS $2 ?¦ •o.
n <c 2 * c — 5" z.% »•
STATIONS. 7 5= ?3 =3 ? %
*• ti SS &• . *S •—
Unker ...20.ST Eo~tO N Rain -C4
«'«rion i».T4 Oi 44 W Pt Cldy Tr.
r.urthu. 80.O2 «2 r»0 NW Clear .06
rrcnTH; 2».T8 at «i0 ?CW Clear .00
p Flagstaff 3X74 74 C2 SW Pt Cldy Tr.
Indercr.eenot...'^I».«50 fc« ti2 W Clear .00
t** >.r.g»>]«a...2a.fc4 ~* C2 EV7 Clear Tr.
iSt. Ta?nalp-«.20.K2 7H M KW Clear ,.00
»»'<Ui Hea-J...i3.i>6 tA 5t HW Clear .03
The pressure has risen over the Pacific Slope
and there has been a decided fall in tempera
ture over the entire coast except in the vicinity
of San Francisco and at Eureka, where there
has been a flight rise. In Northern Nevada
there has been a {all of 20 degrees.
Cloudy, unsettled weather prevails over
nearly all of the country west of the Rocky
Mountains. Kara has fallen in Oregon. Wash
ington, Idaho. Nevada, Arizona and on the
northern coast of California. \
The fullowins maximum wind velocities are
reported: Salt Lake City, 'M miles per hour,
from the south: Pocatello, 34 miles, southwest;
Modena 44 miles, southwest ; Winnemueca, 2*j
miles, southwest; Independence. 26 miles, west;
Point Reyes, 42 miles, northwest; Tamalpalf,
CO miles, northwest.
Forecast made at San Francisco for 30 hours
ending mdnicht August 20:
Northern California — Fair Wednesday,
warmer in ths Interior; brisk westerly winds.
Southern Califorrta — Fair Wednesday;
frvsh southwest winds.
Nevada — CIrud/ Wednesday; warmer
Wednesday night.
Fan Francisco and vicinity — Fair Wednes
day; brisk westerly winds.
A. G. McADIE. District Forecaster.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
JX'MBER— Pine, ordinary sixes, $13919; «
tra sizes higher: Redwood. $19623; Lath. .4
fe*t. $3 73: Pickets. $22g23: Shingles. $3 '45 for
'No. 1 and $1 75 for No. 2; Shakes. $14 for split
and $15 for sawn: Rustic. $4O@42.
RED AND WHITE LEAD — R«d Lead. 6©
6%c per lb; White Lead. «5@«%c. according to
quantity. * "
QUICKSILVER— 544@45 for local nsa and
$42 5CiQ43 50 per flask for export/
SALT — The Amalgamated Salt Company
quotes as follows: Genuine Liverpool. S14«1«:
Bales, common. $1 00: Dairy, per ton. J13 2.T;
Half Ground. $12 2."&12 75; Rock Salt. $10 3O-&
12 25; Imitation Liverpool, $13 25^14; Granu
lated, $13 23m4 per ton.
SUGAR — The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes as follows, per lb. In 100-lb bags:
Cubes. A Crushed and Fine Crushed. 5.75c;
Powdered. 5.(K>c: Candy Granulated. 5.60c: Dry
Granulated, fine, 5.50c; Dry Granulated, coarse.
5.50c; Fruit Granulated. 5.50c: Beet Granulat
er (100-lb bags only). 5.40c; Confectioners' A.
5.50c; Magnolia A. 5.10c; Extra C. 5c: Golden
C. 4.90c; "D,".'4.S0c; barrels. 10c more; half
barrels, 20c more: boxes, 60c more: 5O-Ib bags.
10c more ¦ for alt kinds. Tablets — Half-barrels.
Cc; boxes. 6.25c per lb. No orders taken for
less than 73 barrels or Its equivalent.
¦ LEATHER— Sole, heavy. 20®02c: extra
heavy, aita4uc per lb; medium. 27g23c: light,
IM'uUtic: Rough Leather. 2&32Sc; Harness
Leather, heavy. 35«39c for No. 1 .and ZQdiZoc
for No. 2: medium. 30@37c: light. ZM&3Zc:
Skirting. No. 1. 40@42c; No. 2. 36<338c; Collar
Leather l.Vtiltic per foot: Trace Leather. 4OQ
44c; Kip, unfinished, 40050c per lb; Veal, fin
ished. 50@GCc per 1b; Calf, finished. 65c&$l per
lb; Wax sides. 16<$17c per foot; Belt Knlfa
Splits. 14'<iH;e; Rough Split*. 8310c per lb.
TANBARK — Ground. $25@2S per ton; stick.
$1«<31S per cord.
OIL — Linseed, 44c for boiled and 42c for raw
In barrels; cases, 5c more; Castor Oil, In cases.
No. 1. 70c; Bakers* AA. $1 10Q1 12; Lucol. 41c
for boiled and 30c for raw In barrels; Lard Oil,
extra winter strained, barrels. 90c; cases. S5c;
China Nut. 37%ip62c per gallon; pure Neats
foot. In barrels. 73c; cases. 80c: Sperm, pure.
70c; Whale Oil, natural white. 50955c per gal
lon; Fish Oil. In barrels. 45c; cases, 50c; Co
ccanut Oil. In barrels, 58c for Ceylon and 55c
for Australian.
COAL OIL — Water White Coal Oil In bulk.
14c: Pearl Oil In cases. 20%c; Astral. 2O%c;
Star. 20>4c: Extra Star. 24%c; Elaine. 28%e;
Eocene. 23%c; deodorized Stove Gasoline, tn
bulk. 17c; In cases, 23 %c: Benzine, In bulk.
13c; in cases. 10%c: Sti-degree Gasoline, In
bulk. 21c; in cases. 27%c.
TURPENTINE is higher at 78o per gallon
In cases and 72c In drums and Iron barrels.
COFFEE: — Costa Rica— 11% ©13 %c for strict
ly prime to fancy washed, ll@ll%c for prime
washed. 1014^10740 for good washed. &%@UV J c
for good to prim«» washed peaberry, 8%tfOHc
for good to prime peaberry, 8%@10e for good
to prime. 7@Sc for fair. 4%@t>%o for common
to ordinary. Salvador — ll@12c nominal for
strictly prime washed, 8%@10%c for good to
prime washed*. 7%@3c for fair washed, S^lOHc
for fair to prime washed peaberry, 7!i»i£9Hc
for good to prime semi-washed. 7*jj©7%c for
superior unwashed. 7@7V4c for good green un
washed. T-'j'S^c for good to superior unwashed
peaberry. 406c for inferior to ordinary. Nica
ragua—11%® 13c nominal for prime to fancy
washed. 8#10c nominal for fair t« strictly
good washed, C%ft7Vic for good to superior
unwashed, 7%"&8c for good to prime unwa*h»d
peaberry. Guatemala and Mexican — 13ii'altc
nominal for fancy washed. ll@13c for prlm«»
to strictly prime washed. 9%@10Vio for strictly
good washed, 9{?9%c for good washed. 7%$#
8V>c for fair washed, &8"%c for medium, 4fl6c
for inferior to ordinary. 8%®10%c for fair to
prime washed peaberry, 7%®Sc for good to
prime unwashed peaberry. 7@8c nominal for
good to superior unwashed. 5'£7%c (or ash
damaged.
COAL— Wellington $S per ton; New Wel
lington. |S; Seattle. $t» 50; Bryant. Jtf 50; Bea
ver Hill. $5 50; Stanford. *7; Roslyn, 47; Coo«
Bay. $5 50; Greta, $7; Wallsend. $7; Rich
mond, $7 50; Cumberland, $13 In bulk and
$14 25- In sacks; Welsh Anthracite Egg. 913;
Welsh Lump. $11 50; Cannel. $9 50 per ton:
Coke. $11 50Q13 per ton in bulk and $15 in
sacks: Rocky Mountain descriptions. $3 45 p-r
2U00 lbs and $8 50 per ton, according to brand.
CORDAGE— The local 'company quotes as
follows, 60 dayB or % per cent discount for
cash: Manila. 14V4c; Sisal, lie; Duplex, 10c;
Bale RoDe. 11^11 %c per lb.
PACIFIC CODFISH — Bundles, per lb. 4%c:
cases, regular. 5c; cases, extra large, 5i*c:
Eaitern style, 6c; boneless, «c; "Norway." «c;
"Narrow Gauge," 6%c; "Silver Klnr," 7%c;
blocks, •"Oriental." 6c; blocks, Seabright, «%c;
tablets, 7c; middles, 7@8%c; boneless. 8(@Uc;
pickled Cod. bbls. $7 50; pickled Cod, half
bbls. ?4 75.
Articles— Open. Hlfch. Low. Close.
Wheat —
September, old. 80% 80% 80 80
September, new 80% 80% 79T4 79 Jg
December, new. 81% 81% 80% 81
May fc3& S3% 83% S3
Corn No. 2 —
September 61 51 % 50% 50%
December . M% 51?i 50% 50%
May 61 51% 50% 60'i
Oats No. 2 —
September 34% 34% 34V4 C4Vi
December 3C% 36% 35% 35%
May 33% 3S% 37% 37%
Mess Pork, per bbl —
September 12 87% 12 87% 12 65 12 65
October 13 10 13 10 12 80 12 SO
May 13 00 13 00 13 00 13 00
Lard, per 100 lbs—
September ..... 8 22% 8 25 3 22% S 20
October 7 70 7 77% 7 60 7 60
Short Ribs, per 100 lbs —
September 7 SO 7 80 7 C7% 7 67%
October 7 87% 7 90 7 72% 7 75
January 6 07% 6 67% « 60 0 60
Phoenix 29.72 02 7S E Cloudy Tr.
Pocatello 29.56 86 60 S Clear .U0
Portland 29.:»2 68 66 N Cloudy .18
Point R«-y«'s...2t».i<4 M 52 NW Clear .00
Ked JjSlulf 29.S2 80 58 NW Clear .00
Rrspturr 2D.00 66 56 NE Pt Cldy .20
Pacramrnto ..29.80 80 58 S Clear .00
:-alt Lake 29.54 90 40 S Clear .W
Fan FrsnciFCO.XD.'JS C>6 52 W Clear .00
F. L. Obi?po..2J«.»0 72 54 W" Clear .O0
San Dkeo 'JO.hfi 70 64 W Clear .00
Peattie 29.1M) (SO 54 S Cloudy .32
fpokane 2'J.W. IS 56 6W Rain .10
Tatoofh 29.92 <J0 4S S Cloudy .04
Walla Walla.. 29.82 C4 54 S Cloudy .00
WInnemucca .29.78 70 48 SW Cloudy .04
Yuma 29.06 100 SO SE Clear .00
The local trade reports a firm market for new
fruit, with Peaches leading in point of demand
and firmness. Quite a number of cars have
already gone East. The market seems to be In
good condition for sellers all arojnd, without
any particular speculation. Prunes are quiet,
though some transactions are being made.
Nuts, too, are in very fair demand for the
East. Honey remains as before quoted, with
holders, both here and In the country, firm.
NEW FRUIT— Apricots. 7%@9M,c for Royala
and Ofjllc for Moorparks; Evaporated 'Apples,
56' 0c; Peaches. 5V4@7c; Pears, 3%@7c; Nec
tarines. 4*M%c for white; Figs, white, 4%*f
4%c In boxes; Plums, pitted. 4%@5%c per-l.b.
PRUNES — 1902 crop, 2%@2%c for the four
sizes, with %©lc premium tor the large sizes.
71A1SINS — 1902 crop are quoted as follows:
2-crown loose Muscatels, 50-lb boxes, 5V4c .per
lb: 3-crown. 5%c: 4-crown. tic; Seedless, loose
Muscatels, 5c; Seedless Sultanas, 5c; Seedless
Thompsons, !»%c; 2-crown London Layera, 20
lb boxes. ?1 40 per box: 3-crown. |1 50:. 4
crown fancy clusters, 20-lb boxes, $2; 2-crown
Dehesas, 20-lb boxes, $2 50; tt-crown Imperials,
20-lb boxes. $3: Seeded, f. o. b. Fresno, fancy,
1-Ib cartons. 7%c; choice, 7%c. •
NUTS — Walnuts. No. 1 softshell. 12%©13c;
No. 2. 10%@ll%c; No. 1 hardshell. ll%^12c;
No. 2, IOiQIO^jc; new Almonds, lie for Nonpa
reils, lOVic for I X L. lOVic for Ne Plus Ul
tra and 8%c for Languedoc; Peanuts. 5#7c
for Eastern; Pecans. ll@13c; Cocoanuts, %\ 50
®5.
HONEY — Comb. new. 12%©13%c for white
and lie for amber: new water white extracted.
5% 57 tic; light amber extracted, r/flo'^c; dark,
4%@4%c.
BEESWAX— 27@29c per lb.
Dried Fruits,N uts,Raisins,Honcy)
The fruit market was amply supplied and
although the demand for some descriptions
was more active there was not much change
in prices. There were very few canning Pears
or Plums on the market and the canneru
were uaylncr more attention to Peaches and
choice lota of clingstones met with prompt sals
at firmer rates. The crop of Peaches and
Pears along the Sacramento River Is about ex
hausted, but receipts from other sections are
liberal. -'Peaches in small boxes and carriers
were in demand at firm prices. Choice free
stones from -the mountain districts sold well
at ti.Vjf75c per box. while 80c ' was considered
a top figure ior offerings . from other sections.
Plums and Prunes were Plentiful and easy,
there .being very little Inquiry for -shipping.
Fine Apples * in 4-tler boxes and good hard
Bartlett Pears suitable for shipping were In
demand at full figures, but small Apples and
ripe Pears were abundant and easy. Fips
were In light receipt, and as offerings were
of good quality prices ranged higher. ¦ There
was not much doing In table Grapes and prices
had little change. Wine Grapes sold slowly.
Another consignment of about 200 boxes came
in from Antioch. Cantaloupes and Nutmeg
Melons arrived freely and sold at a wide range
as to quality.' There were no changes in Ber
ries. Receipts were light and except for strict
ly fancy offerings the demand . was likewise.
Citrus and Tropical fruits were; dull and feat
ureless, v.ith supplies of all kinds plentiful.
Receipts of Prunes in this market are rather
light, due chiefly to the high prices being paid
In the growing districts. Reports from Los
Gatos say that green Prunes for drying pur
poses are firm at $25 per ton, having advanced
from $17. • - ¦ ,
STRAWBERRIES — Longworths, nominal;
other varieties,' $3 50@6 per chest.
RASPBERRIES— $7@10 per chest, with some
fancy at *llfil2. •
BLACKBERRIES — $3ST4 per chest. ' '
HUCKLEBERRIES — 6©7c per lb.
APPLES^-S5c@Sl- per box for fancy. 50@75c
for eood to choice and 25®40c for common;
Crabapplts, 25@40c ¦ for small boxes and 500
U5c for large. ¦
PEAKS — Bartletts. 85c@$l 25 for fancy and
60@T5e for No. 2: per ton. $20@30.
FIGS — 75c@*l per box for black and 40950c
for white.
PLUMS and PRUNES — 35$60c per crate and
25@30c per box; large open boxes, 35©60c; per
ton, $ 1M.' ( , 25.
NECTARINES — Nominal.
PEACHES— Small boxes. 40<3"5c: carriers.
C5SSOC: large open boxes, 40@75c; per ton, $20
@25 for clinestone.
GRAPES— Small boxes, 35<@65c: crates. 6n@
85c; large open boxes, 75c@$l 25; Zlnfandel
Wine Graces, 525 per ton.
MELONS — Cantaloupes, 35c<gfl per crate;
Nutmeg Melons. 15@35c per box, Watermelons,
?7@20 per hundred.
CITRUS FRUITS— Oranges, $2 00g3 for
fancy Valencia*. $1 75(22 25 for choice and
jltfU 25 for standard; Seedlings, $1©1 25; Lem
ons. 75c1i$2 50 per box. with Mine fancy
higher; Grape Fruit. $1 25@2; Mexican Limes.
$4@4 50; Bananas. $1@2 00 per bunch; Pine
apples, $2ig::{ per dozen.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
BAGS — Grain Bags. 5®5%c; (an Quentin.
8.55c; Wool Bags, 32935c; Fleece Twine. T%©
8c; Cotton Fruit Bags, 6Vie. 6%c and 7Hc for
the three grades.
CANNED FRUITS— Th« California Fruit
Canners' Association, quotes the following price
list for 1003 stock: ,
$ W S S?
Apples |1 85 $1 30 $1 20 $1 10
Apricots 1 60 1 30 1 20 1 10
Blackberries 1 60 1 40 1 30 1 20
Cherries. R. A 225 200 180 150
Cherries, whito 1 83 1 70 1 43
Cherries, black 2 10 1 85 \ 1 70 1 45
Grapes 1 33 1 2W I 10 1 IX)
Yellow Free Peaches.... 1 60 1 30( 1 15 1 05
Lemon Cling Peaches... 1 85 1 53. 1 30 1 20
Do, sliced 1 75 1 45 1 20 lit)
White Heath Peaches... 1 75 1 45 1 20 1 10
Pears 1 80 1 60 1 30 1 15
Plums 1 35 1 15| 1 05 05
Raspberries 2 50 2 25. 2 10 1 90
Strawberries 2 00 L 75[ 1 60) 1 4l>
General Merchandise.
CHICAGO. Aug. 25 -The wheat market was
rather dull and quiet, with little outside trad
ing. There was a fairly steady opening on
the early weather reports from the Northwest
and a falling off of receipts in the same
quarter. The early weakness In corn, how
ever, caused bearishness and considerable
wheat came out, with a paucity ol buying
orders September opened a shade lower ' to
Vic higher at 80%(gS0%c. sold at_ 80%c and
declined with momentary rallies to i9%@<9%c.
The close was barely steady at a loss of
%@%c at 7U%c. December closed %®%c
lower at 80%c, having sold down from 81%@
MSc, the opening figure.
Improved crop reports and a continuation of
good growing weather brought out consid
erable corn and a weak market ensued. Sep
tember closed %@%c lower at 60%@50%c.
starting at 51c and selling ud %c early. De
cember was down %c at 50%c, ranging be
tween 60%@50?ic to 6154c.
There was an easier feeling In oats, due
to eelllng by commission houses In sympathy
with corn. Late liquidation by lon«s added
to the weakness and September closed %@%c
lower at 34%@34Vic, after ranging between
that figure and 34 %c, the opening price. De
cember was down Vic at 35%c, the bottom
price after startinz at SC%c.
Provisions were fairly strong early, but the
strength did not hold. Selling by packers
caused a decline to below yesterday's prices.
September pork closed 22%c lower; lard off
22%c and ribs down 15c.
Th# leading futures ranged as follows:
Chicago Grain Market.
7®Sc: thin Cows. 483c per 1b.
CALVES — »@5%c per lb (gross weight).
SHEEP— Wethers, 4c; Ewes. 3%©4%c per lb
(gross weight).
LAMBS — Spring, $2 75@3 per head.
HOGS— Live Hogs. 14O to 200 lbs. HM&H^e ;
under 140 lbs. 5%@6c; Sows. 20 per cent off;
Boars. 50 ser «ent off. and Stags 40 per cent
off from above quotations.
Xczv York stocks arc somewhat higher on the day.
Local stocks and bonds still quiet.
Silver suddenly advances. Exchange rates unchanged.
Wheat in fair demand and steady. Freights still low.
Barley continues to rise slowly. Rye firm and higher.
Increasing arrivals of Western Corn. Oats steady.
° Millers report a better demand for Flour.
MiHst ufts moving off well at firm prices.
Beans and Seeds dull and unchanged.
Butter and Cheese steady. Eggs slightly higher.
Dried Fruits firm, with Peaches leading.
iNitts, and Honey steady with a fair demand.
Wool still firm and moving off well.
Hide market steadv and unchanged. Tallow now plentiful am
Provisions unchanged, both here and in the East.
Local packers advance their bids for Hogs.
Hopj firm at a further advance
Miittpn lower. Beef and Veal unchanged.
Poultry in liberal supply and easy.
Plenty- of Potatoes', Onions and Vegetables on the market.
Fresh Fruits in ample supply, with a good demand.
Turpentine is higher. ....
The market has pretty well absorbed Mon
day's heavy arrivals of Butter, which is
quoted fairly steady and unchanged, though
those houses which are liberally supplied are
Inclined to take a weak view of ths situa
tion.
Stocks of Cheese continue ample for all needs
and previous prices rule. '. -,
Eggs are firm and prices are slightly, higher
again, as will be seen. Supplies are moderate.
Receipts were 72.300 lbs Butter, 041 cases
Eggs and 17,500 lbs Cheese.
BUTTER— Creamery, 27©2Sc: dairy. 21@26c:
store Butter, 17®20c: Eastern, 22@24c.
CHEESE^-New. 12"? 13c: Young America. 14
615c; Eastern, 15©16c;. Western, Iigi5c per
pound. .. ¦ ' • . , „ .,
EGGS — Ranch. 31c for large white selected
and 27%©30c for good to choice; store. 22%@
26c; cold storage, 25c; Eastern, , 1S323C per
dozen. „ ... .. . .
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
• FLOUR — California Family Extras. $4 CO®
4 65, usual terms; Bakers' Extras. $4 50@4 60:
Oregon and -Washington, $.i U0@4 20 per bbl
for family and $3 IKXU-l 40 for Bakers.
MILLSTL'FFS— Prices In packages are as
follows: Graham Flour, $3 50 per 100 lbs; Rye
Flour. $3 25: Rye Meal. $3: Rice Flour. $7;
Corn Meal, $3 CO; extra cream do, S4 25; Oat
Groats, $4 50; Hominy, $4 2.V<»4 50; Buckwheat
Flour. $4 50(ff4 75; Cracked Wheat. $3 75; Fa
rina, (4 50; Whole Wheat Flour, $.1 75; Rolled
Oats-, bbl«, $7@S CO; in sacks. $0 50@8 10;
Pearl Barley. $0: Split Peas, boxes, $7; Green
Peas, $5 50 per 100 lbs.
The local millers report a good movement
In mlllstuffs at firm prices, and an Improved
demand for Flour.
Silver advanced %c.
Sterling Exchange, sixty days.... — $4 83%
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 86%
Sterling Exchange, cables — 4 87%
New York Exchange, sight — ' Va
New York Exchange, telegraphic. — 1 10
Silver, per ounce.. ».. — 06%
Mexican Dollars, nomlnat — v* 2
Wheat and Other Grains.
WHEAT FREIGHTS— Spot business contin
ues light at 15s 6d®16s 3d, usual European op
tions. The chartered wheat fleet in port has
a registered tonnage of 62,660, against 52,620
tons on the same date last year; disengaged,
105,100 tons, against 45,800; on the way to this
port, 304.100yV>nB, against 256,400.
WHEAT— iparls futures were higher and Liv
erpool futures lower. Bradstreet's gave the
world's visible supply an increase of 503,000
bushels.
Chicago was %c lower.' There was some buy-
Ing on rains In the Northwest, but the market
was without snap and speculative trade was
still apathetic. The Chicago wires of Bolton,
De Ruyter & Co. said: "It Is extremely dull
in a speculative way. Trade Is awaiting
development as to the movement, In ¦ the West
ern crop and the demand for It. In the mean
time weakness In corn creates a moderate sell
ing pressure. There is no change In previous
conditions of supply and demand. Receipts are
running way, below, last year and demand is
good for all wheat coming into sight. St. Louis
reports millers withdrawing from store. Cash
premiums everywhere well maintained. So far
as appearances indicate demand for the North
western crop as It comes to market will be of
the same character. Cables report damaging
rains In the United Kingdom and on the Conti
nent. German crop likely to be of poor quality
and there Is much apprehension as to damage
to French crop. The root crops In the United
Kingdom will be indifferent. Minneapolis re
ports an increasing demand for flour. Distrib
uters of flour. tell Us that stocks In' all hands
are email; that the Southwestern millers sold
ahead and are having difficulty getting wheat
.to fill their orders, except at advancing prices.'
On these conditions we see nothing very invit
ing In the outlook for the s,hort seller. We
would rather take our , chances on the Jong
elde."
Quotations in this market have made . no'
noteworthy change for a fortnight, and the
situation remains as before.
CASH WHEAT.
California 'Club, 1 45@1 50;/ California
White Australian. |1 55^1 t>0; Northern Club.
$1 45@1 50: Northern Blue Stem, $1 55@1 57%;
Oregon Valley," $1 52%.
FUTURES.
Session 9 to 11 :30 a. m.
•Open: High. Low.' Close.
December $1 47>4 $1 47 Vi *1 4tt% $1 46%
2 d. m. Session. .
¦ Open. High. . ¦ Low. Close.
December $1 46% ........ ....-
BARLEY — The market continues to rise
elowly, both as to futures and cash grain, with'
a fair demand for the latter.- The shippers con
tinue to buy liberally in the interior. -
CASH BARLEY. • .
Feed, $1 10@l 13%; Shipping and Brewing.
$1 15@1 20; Chevalier, ?1 20«jrl 50 for fair to
choice. *
FUTURES.
Session U to 11:30 a. m.
¦Open. High. Low. Close.
December $1 11 $1 11V* (1 10% $1 1U%
. 2 p. m. Session.
Open. -High. -Low. Close.
December .....$1 10% $1 1UV4 $1 00% $1 0i»%
OATS — There is a fair local demand for feed
and milling purposes and the market rules
steady without excitement. I
White, $1 20@l 30: Black, $1 30@l 45; Red.
$1 15igl 22% for common and $1 25@1 30 for
choice; Gray, nominal.
CORN— Arrival of 1000 ctls of Western. It
comes on a slenderly supplied and firm market.
Quotations for all descriptions remain un
changed. .»
Chicago wires to Bolton, De Ruyter & Co.
cay: "Market la heavy and lower. The weather
Is about ideal throughout the corn belt and
this Is a depressing influence. Increased coun
try offerings to a moderate extent are a result.
This is causing some liquidation and consider
able ehort selling. Advices on the crop and
opinions of well informed people differ mate
rially. Crop is so uneven and there Is so much '
of it that la late that It is a most uncertain
problem as to what the outcome will be. All
that can be said is that whatever conditions I
are, they are Improving." <
Western, sacked, $1 50®l 52%: for Yellow '
and $1 47%4fl 50 for mixed; California large
Yellow, $1 57%<gl '32%; small round do, $1 70 1
"<gl 75: White. $1 55 per ctl.
RYE — Is in good demand and higher again
at $1 20@l 27% per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— $2 25@2 50 per ctl.
Flour and Millstuifs.
counted bullish on cotton and bearish on corn
and wheat. Some old rumors were revived of
•coming control of Tennessee Coal by the Unit
ed States Steel Corporation, but without con
firmation. Confidence In the copper trade o'ut
look was assigned as a cause for the strength
of Amalgamated Copper.
The bond market was dull and steady. Total
eales. par value. $815,000.
United States bonds were all unchanged on
the last call.
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
Stocks — Sales. High. Low. Close.
Atchison 23.900 «2% til% 62%
Atchison pfd 600 89V4 88% S9U
Bal & Ohio 3.900 82% 81% 82%
Bal & Ohio pfd.... 200 86V4 86fc 86ft
Can Pacific 1,700 12« 125% 125%
Central of N Jersey .... 159
Ches & Ohio 1,100 33% 32% 33%
Chi Ss. Alton 700 23 22 22%
Chi & Alton pfd 63
Chi & G West 800 17% 16% 17V4
C & G West B pfd 29%
Chicago & N W 300 165 163 1G5
Chi Term & T 1.400 11>4 10 HVi
Chi Term & T pfd. 1.400 21% 20 ' 21%
C. C, C & St Louis. 200 73% 73% 73
Colo So 1*U
Colo So 1st pfd 61
Colo So 2d pfd •••• ¦< il %
Del & Hudson 200 168 166 165%
Del. Lack & W •••• 235
Den & Rio G •••• 25
Den & Rio G pfd.. 100 77 77 77%
Erie 24,500 30% 29*4 30%
SS E S3::::::: Wi S8 Sg
Ho e c a k t ing No va, p ! d :::: va «% ;6% ?|«
Hocking Val pfd.. ..... •••• •••• |0%
III Central 700 133% 133 13JX,
Iowa Central J- 0 .**
Iowa Central pfd £»
Kans City So ~J ¦
L^uTs^Vas^iM-SOO 104% 103% ffif
gss^Si-li is mi s ||
CpaLfic 8 ::: ii.'1-oo iff kk **
Mo. kSS*T..... 600 20 10% 20%
Mo Kana & T pfd. 400 42J4 42 41%
Nat RR of Mex pfd 500 40% 40J4 40%
£ o ?£ e w£.:::::: "258 12 c3* 1 S"
gSi^t*?:::: ;•#> m gjj M
Pennsylvania 7,500 124% 1*3% U*%
KS; g c * st ± ...^ fa •••• ||
Reading 1st pfd Au *
fepililll 1 li
8t«?SiS; m as as £
1-iBISiSittiil
c, Paul nfd 100 173 l'-J l'*»
loPacm^.-.V...... 4.800 45U 44% gj.
loRaKpfd"- 3> SoO 5* S3 Si
ile X as all &pa? :::: 1.000 20% 20% |«%
Tol. StLftW... 20
IV^&S*?.^*:™ i«% 74% ?e
I rn-on Pacific pfd.. gO 87 g |{
i;wa£*h m :::":; «<*> 35 % 31 * ™*
j Wheel & L Erie • -- •••• •••• «
W Is Central 100 1» " i££
Wis Cent Pfd <***
Express Compan.es— n^ y
Adams *""• Jgjj
! American ¦ **" 1ft5
! T'nited States •• •••• £~
in 32* ss
Am Car & F WO 32% 32 32%
Am Car & F pfd e 
lAmLlnOil ,X a
I Am Lin Oil prd **
Am Locomotive.... *¦'
Am WSffi-.'S i.^ »« «i «»
R Refln P£ . d : ' 366 iii'| U5% lS3
! Ana Mining Co -¦¦ •••• •••• '^%
| Bklyn Hap Tran .. TOO 4S% «% 45%
Oclo Fuel A Iron.. 400 49% 48 48
I Col & Hock Coal ;«
'Consolidated Gas . n«
General Electric .. 300 103 1C2 1<!2
Inior Paper 100 12% 12% 12%
Inter Paper pfd ™|
Inter Pump ™ .
Sn^ m B P is?uU-:: -i66 3i% 3i% 374
National Lead •••• «-
North American .. 800 78 75 <<%
Pacific Mail 20%
Peoples Gas. B00 05 91 04%
Pressed S Car ¦*-'/!
Pressed S Car pfd S0-*
RepubUc Steel ! •• %•»• Jl%
Repub Steel pfd...: •••• W>
Rubber Goods T,00 14^ 14% 14%
Rubber Goods pfd.. 100 71 71 70
Tenn Coal & Iron.. l.KOO 42& 40% 42
IT S Leather 400 8 7% 7%
U S Leather pfd 80%
U S Rubber 13
U S Rubber pfd 40'4
US Steel 11.700 22% 22%. V2\
U S Steel pfd 4. COO 70% 7OV4 70%
Total sales 2l5.»KH)
UNITED RAILROADS OF PAN FRANCISCO.
NEW YORK. Aug. 25.— United Railroads of
I San Francisco bond transactions. 15,000 at $78.
NEW YORK BONDS.
iU S ref 2s reg. . .100% Mex Cent 4s 72
Do ref 2s coup.lOHVi Do lut Inc 10%
Do 3s r«g 1(XJ% Minn & St L 4s.. 97
Do 3s coup 10*1% M K & T 4s «)!!%
Do new 4s refj.134 Do 2nds 7(511
Do new 4s cou?.114 N Y Cent gen 3%s f>5»4
Do old 4s reg-..103 'N J Cent gen 5s. 127 V.
Do old 4s coup. 109 Nor Pacific 4s 7u%
Do 5a reg 101 >4 Xor & W con 4s . 07
Do 5s coup 101% Reading gen 4s... 94%
Atrhinon gen 4s.. »»% St L & I M con 5slll
Do adj 4s 8S St L & 8 F 4a 92
Bait & Ohio 4s... 00%!st L S W lsts... 04
Do 3%s 81% j Do 2nds 73
Do conv 4s .... 97 S A & A P 4s . . . 75
Can Sou 2nds HWU Son Pacific 4s . . SO
Cent of Ga 5s K>4V 4 |Sou Ry 5s . ll'}5i
Do 1ft Inc 74 iTexas & Pac Ists!ll4
Ches & Ohio 4«.s.lO2% To St L & W 4 9 . 72
Chi & Alton 3%s. 73 Union Pacific 4s.. 09"i
C B & Q new 4s.. 91% Do conv 4s 94%
C M&St P gen 4s.lO2 Wabaeh lsts 114
C & N W con 7s. 123 Do "n.ls 105
C R I & P 43 09% Do deb B .. £,«
CCC&St L gen 4s. 95 West Shore 4s ...101»
Chi Ter 4s 75 W & Lake Erie 43 90
Colo & Sou 4a ... 84 Wis Cent 4s 89 U,
Den & Rio G 4s.. 98% Con Tob 4s 50%
Erie prior lien 4s. «>•>% Coo Fuel & I 5s.. 7B5i
Do gen 4s 82 US Steel »s
Ft W & D C lets.103 Manhattan 100V.
Hock Val 4«4s....l04 Rock Island 74
Louis & N unl 4s. 98% Pennsylvania .... 95%
NEW YORK MINING STOCKS.
Adams Con 14 Little Chief .... 00
Alice 18 Ontario 6 00
Breece ltf Ophlr \ 55
Brunswick Con.. 03 Phoenix 08
Comstock Tun... Wi% Potosl 15
Con Cal & Va. .1 40 Savage 1 2'»
Horn Silver 1 O0 Sierra Nevada... 02
Iron Silver 1 65 Small Hopes 20
LcadviUe Con ..1 02 .'Standard 1 75
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money — Adventure c
Tall loans 4%<i?5 Allouez 5%
Vimo loans 5 @0 Amalgamated ... 4s4i
Bonds— Daly West 40
Atchison 4» 97% J'.inr.ham 20
llox Cent 4s 70 lal & Hecla 455
Railroads — Centennial 20%
Atchison 02% Copper Range .. W\i
Atchison pfd ... 88% Dominion Coal .. 80
Boston & Albany. 249 Franklin 8
Boston & Maine. 148 Isle Royale 7«C'
Boston Elevated.. 137 Mohawk 1314
N Y. N H & H.190 Old Dominion ... 9%
Fltchburg pfd ..135% Osceola Cl
Union Pacific ... 75%! Parrot 21
Mex Cent 14% Qulncy .00%
Miscellaneous — Pante Fe Copper. 1%
American Sugar. .115% Tamarack ....... 98 •
Am Sugar pfd.. .118% Trlmountain 80"
Am Tel & Tel. .134 Trinity 6%
Dom Iron & Steel 9% United States '.;. 20
General Electric. f.162 Utah 27%
Mass Electric . L . 21% Victoria S.".U
Mass Elec pfd .. 79% Wlnona 9
United Fruit 94 Wolverine 69
Mlrilnr—
LONDON CLOSING STOCKS.
Consols for money 90% 'N Y Central ....124W
Consols for acct.. 90%iNorfolk & West.. 04Q
Anaconda 4 | Do pfd 89 '
Atchison C3% Ont & Western... 24%
Do pfd 91% Pennsylvania .... (us?
Bait & Ohio 84%lRand Mlnea 10
Can Pacific 129%'Reading 28Vi
Ches & Ohio 34 Do 1st pfd 4114
Chi Gt Western.. 17 %J Do 2nd pfd 35
I Chi M & St P 164% Sou Railway 2314
! DeBeers 19%| Do pfd S71Z
; Den & Rio G 25% Sou Pacific 4aS
i Do pfd 79% Union Pacific .... 77%
Erie I.. 30%) Do pfd ......... 99
Do 1st pfd 08% U S Steel 2-7
Do 2nd pfd..... 62 Do pfd 72%
IlJUiols Central ..130% Wabash 22
Louis & Naah ...107 Do pfd 35 ¦
Mo Kan & Tex,. 20<£
Bar silver, firm. 25 l-16d per ounce.
Money. 1@2 per cent.
The rate of discount In the open market for
short bills Is 2% per cent: for three months'
bills. 2% per cent.
New York Grain and Produce.
NEW YORK. Auar. 25.— FLOUR— Receipts
28,477 barrels: exports, 10.455 barrels; dull and
nominally unchanged. •
. WHEAT— Receipts. 45,350: spot, dull; No. 2
red,' 84%c elevator and 86%c f. o. b. afloat:
No. 1 Northern Duluth. 94%c.f. o. b. afloat;
No. 1 hard Manitoba, 03%c f. 0. b. afloat. Op
tions after a steady opening, due to higher
Paris cables and rain in the Northwest sold
off. and at noon they were quite weak under
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
Exchange and Bullion.
LOCAL MARKETS.
stock were liberal and 'except for fine large
young Roosters and large Hens the market
was easy at previous prices. There is a scar
city of large full-grown fowl both here and In
the West, hence the firmness in California
Hens. There were no changes In Game. Re
ceipts were liberal and good quality offerings
sold readily at previous prices.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys, nominal: Gees",
per pair. $1 25@1 50; Goslings. $1 5O@l 75:
Duoks. $3@4 per dozen for old and $3@4 5O
for young: Hens. $405; young Roosters. $5®
6 50; old Roosters. $4 5065; Fryers. $3@3 00;
Broilers. $3®.1 50 for large and $2@2 50 for
small; Pigeons. $1 50 per dozen for old and
$1 6001 75 for Squabs.
GAME — Rabbit*. $1 25©1 70 per dozen;
Hare, $1@1 25; Wild Doves, 75c per dozen.
EVAPORATED ArPLES— The market is
quiet and weak, though without material
change In the quoted list. Common sold at
4@ft£c: prime, 5>4@6c: choice, bV*®6^c; fancy.
e9 PRUI?E6— Spot prunes continue -firm with a
fair Jobbing demand reported for the various
Blxes. Prices ranged from Sue to 7c for all
Br APRiroTS Ruled firm. , New crop, choice,
are quoted at9%«0%c: old choice at 8Vi@S%c;
a pEACHES^-Are firm. Choice. 7@7Hc, and
extra choice at 7 I /4@Sc.
DRIED FRUITS.
Increased winter wheat receipts and a bearish
weekly crop report, continuing so throughout
the afternoon and closing %@%o net higher,
ilay, 87i4@88J4c, closed 87%c; September,' 85%
686 1-ie'c, closed 66c; December 86Vi@>86T4c.
closed S6;ic. • * ¦
HOPS— Firm.. ..•¦¦¦¦,¦ '¦¦
HIDES— Steady. 1
PETROLEUM— Steady.. .
WOOL- Quiet. _••; , ¦
COFFEE Spot, quiet. Futures closed steady,
net unchanged to five points lower. Sales were
44,000 bags, Including: September. 3 70@3.75c;
November, 3.S0c; December, 4.d5@4.40c; Janu
arv. 4.45c; February, 4.55c. a -
SUGAR— Raw, firm; fair refining:. • 3% c;
centrifugal. 96 test. 3T£c; molasses sugar, 3%c;
refined, firm
THE SAN FKAJSTGISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, AUGUST 26, 1903.
Continued an Page Thlrteea.
Northern Business.
SEATTLE. Aug. 25.— Clearings. $593,783;
balances. $140,013. „ ' , /
TACOMA. Autr. 25.— Clearings, $258,440;
balance*. $3.1.149. V,
PORTLAND. Aug. 25. — Clearings, $409,029;
balances. ?S7,783.
SPOKANE. Aug. 25.— Clearings, $306,846;
balance*, $60.71p.
OREGON.
PORTLAND, Aug. . 25.— Wheat— Walla Wal
la,. 78@79c; k blue stem,- 80@82c: valley, 80c.
Northerns Wheat Market.
TACOMA. Aug. ' 25.— Wheat, - steady, un
changed; blue stem.,S3c; dub. 80c.
WASHINGTON.
COMMERCIAL AND FINANCIAL
11
AUCTION SALES
SPECIAL AUCTION SALE
CONTRACTOR'S OUTFIT,
Consisting of
35 good work horses, ranging In weight from
1350 to 1600 uounda, 5 to 8 years old; 3 good
driving horses, waxons. harness etc.
AT NINETEENTH AND HARRISON ST&
FRIDAY. August 28, at 11 a. m.
This stock must be sold without limit or
reserve. JOHN J. DOYLE, Auctioneer.
. , ' Office 327 SUta st.
fe fe ' £ft
AUCTION SALE OF HORSES. HARNESS.
WAGONS. ARCADE HORSE MARKET. 327
SIXTH ST., WEDNESDAY. August 28, at 11
a. m. JOHN J. DOYLE. Auctiones*.THE SAN. FEANOISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, AUGUST 26, 1903.
12
BMPLOY^IENTOFFICES.
GEORGE^AOKI^ 4-1 Poet st ; ' tel. BusnTlSo—
Japanese • Chinese employment otflce: fur-
nishes best help; contracts for farm help, etc.
A — ORPHEUM Employment Offlce-^Japanese-
Chlnese help. 426 Powell. Tel. Main 8752.
A — GRAND Japanese-Chinese Emp. Office. 410
Stockton; twl. Grant 1C8; expert, rellabla help,
CHINESE Employment Offloo — Best help at
Leon Seung's, 411ft O'Farrell j t«l. East 420.
RELIABLE 'Japanese-Chinese Employment Of-
flgej all kinds help. 310 Btocktun; Main B198.
CHINESE and Japanese help; e;tab. 20 yearc.
Tul. Main 1907. BRADLEY & CO.. 640 Clay.
I BMPL OYHBIfT WASTED FEMALE.
MIDDLE-AGED woman would like to take
care of a child In the day time; come home
evenings; reference. Please call 8 so Fifth
Rt.; downstairs.
YOUND lady wishes position In offlce or store;
experienced and energetlo: used to meeting
public. Box 242S. Call offlce,
WANTED — A position aa Invalid's nurse or to
take charge- of an Infant from Its birth. Ap-
ply 34 Clyde st.. off Townsend. bet. 3d & 4th.
ELDERLY woman wishes a situation to do
general housework: city or country; no pos-
tal* answered. 1100 Powell Bt.
ELDERLY woman wishes situation to do
housework for small family; city or country.
Box 2432. Call offlce.
YOUNO lady wishes situation for general
housework or in a laundry. 523 Filbert st.
SITUATION for , downstairs work; a good '
. cook; references. -2248 Bush gt.
DRESSMAKER going- out by the day wishes
an a— letant. Address box 2425. Call offlce.
A DRESSMAKER would like a few more en-
gagements by the day. 491 Eddy at.
INTELLIGENT young woman wishes position
as saleslady In cloak and suit department to
gain experience; small salary. M. A. P.,
B07H Leavenworth Bt.
RELIABLE woman wants general work and
plain cooking In good clean family; kind to
children; references. Box A. Call branch
offlce. 800 Hayes tt.
A TRAINED nurse, speaking French and Eng-
lish, knowledge of bookkeeping-, desires posi-
tion In physician's offlce or other suitable
occupation. G. A. R.. 1250 O'Faraall st.
DRESSMAKER wishes situation _s. helper In
shop; $1 50 a day. Y. W. C A., 1259
O'Farrel! st.
FIRST-CLASS German cook wants situation.
723 California sL
THOROUGHLY competent young lady stenog-
rapher wishes position; S-1O. per month; rapid
and accurate. Box 2402,', Call office.
WANT ads and subscriptions taken for The
Call at Eaton's Bazaar. 633 McAllister st
EMl'LO YME JIT UAXTED UALK.
AN elderly man. sober and reliable, desires
situation in private family; understands
gardening and greenhouse work and other
light work about alace. Address AXDER-
SEN. 328 Jessie st.
GENERAL ad writer, with Eastern experience,
wishes a position in San Francisco or vicin-
ity; reliable references furnished. Box 2418,
Call offlce. jf N •
RELIABLE accountant wants position; San
Francisco or Sacramento; reference*. Box
2429, Call. . .
POSITION wanted by young Eastern man as
driver for flrst-class bakery. Box 2424, Call.
ELDERLY German couple wish positions of
any kind; city or country. Box 2119, Call.
REFINED, well educated, active, unencum-
bered-^J**rly widower, of perfect honesty and
Integrity, desires light employment as care-
taker, traveling companion on land or sea,
etc. P. O. box 2163, San Francisco. Cal.
A GERMAN, middle-aged ar.d single, wishes
a situation In grocery store and barroom:'
nrst-claes references. W. BOULING. 417
Kearny st.
MAN and wife would like' situation in city or
country: woman to do cooking and house-
work and man outside work. J. FLEISCHER.
1417 Powell at. .
WANTED — Work by the day; used to house
work and stable and garden; has good refer-
ences. Address box 818, Call offlce, Oakland.
WANTED — Work by student, night and morn-
ing, for room and board: Christian family.
Address 184 Fourth st.. room 29.
GOOD shoemaker and eolo cornetist desires po-
sition in a mining town; write particulars
Address box 1074, Call.
HONEST old German wants light work. Box
2409. Call offlce. -
JAPANESE couple want situations In small
family; man is flrst-class cook; wife, wait at
table. T. KATO, 1110^ Market »t.. Oakland.
JAPANESE boy wants a position iu family as
schoolboy. M. FUJI, 322^ O'Farrell st.;
tel. John 4551.
JAPANESE boy wants situation.. FRANK.
S07 Thirteenth st. ; tel. Page 4363.
JAPANESE cook wants a position In family
or email hoarding-house. M. M. FRANK.
feO6% Stockton at. ; tel. John 2121. .
A BRANCH effice for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1053
Valencia *t.
FLATS TO . LKT 1
HOUSES and flats to let; an immense list; ser-
vice absolutely free; take advantage of this
department; it will save you time and
trouble. Cardea Furniture Co.. 245-259 Geary
st, on the gquare.
ELEGANT flat; half block from Market st.
394 17th st. (Castro and ISth st. cars.)
THREE elegant nc-nr flats, 0 and 7 rooms.
Church and Seventeenth sts.
FLAT, 7 rooms and bath. 2146V. Market St..
near Lacuna ; Castro-sL car.
PAGE. SOS, near Pierce — Flat of 5 rooms and
bath; cheap rent. •
PIERCE. 253 — Flat of •$ rooms and bath; vefy
sunny; rent reasonable.
TO let— Flat of 6 rooms and bath. 835 Ful-
ton at.
TO let — Flat of four rooms; 1897 O'Farrell.
HOOKER _ LENT. 14 Post st.
FLATS TO LET — FURNISHED^
TO let — Furnished, cozy, sunny flat; 7 rooms
and bath. 032 Flllmo.-c st. ; apply between 11
a. m. and 5 p. m. to meet owner.
NEW nicely furnished sunny flat of 7 rooms.
539 Clayton st., near Halght.
NEW furniture 5 r. modern fiat; $15 rent: part
cash. 1445 Greenwich. 10 to 12 or evening.
FLATS FOR SALE.
A BARGAIN— $4250;' CORNER LOT, 2 FLATS:
LOT 25x114; 1S4 CLIPPER ST. SEE
OWNER ON PREMISES.
FLATS FOR SALE FVR.MSHED. .
ARTISTIC furniture, carpets, for sale, in fine 1
flat. Inspection permits issued at 1325 Ellis
st; flat for rent reasonable.
FIVE-room furnished flat for sale; 4 Antonio,
bet. Ellis and O'Farrell. Call bet. 10 and 3.
FLATS \VA.\T_L».
"WANTED^ — New flat, unfurnished; modern Im-
provements; 4 or 5 rooms and bath. ' Address
F. A. M.. room 11, 320 Sansoma st.
I'lKMTinK FOM SALE. '
NEW furniture in 6-room flat for 6ale, cheap;
new and modern: new gas range for less
than half price; must be sold by 1st of Sep-
. tember. Call between 0 and 12 a. m. and
from 7 to 10 p. m.. 2321 California «t.
/ FUIIKITUKB WANTED.
A. WOLLPERT. 773 Mission, phone Red 4462.
buys, rents, repairs, packs furniture.- carpets.
HE LP WAITED— FEMALE.
WANTED — Waitresses, ?0 week; chambermaid
girls' school; seamstress for hospital, $20;
cook, country hotel, $35; 5 waitresses, coun-
try hotel, fare paid, $20-$25; 2 laundresses,
private lamilies. $30; 2 laundresses for insti-
tution. $30; laundress for clubhouse, $25.
Apply to J. F. CROSETT & CO., 334 Kutter.
WANTED — Lunch waitress, $5 week; 2 second
girls, Ross Valley, $25. Menlo Park, $3o.
Mill Valley, $20: nurseglrl for San Rafael,
$25; 4 nursegirls, city, $20-$25. Apply to J.
F. CROSETT & CO.. 334 Sutter st. - •
WANTED — Working hotel housekeeper. $30; 5
second girls, city, $25; nurse for Institution,
$20: German maid, $30; 1 invalid nurse, $25;
4 chambermaids, wait one meal, $20, city;
chambermaid, country hotel. $20: 4 waitresses
for hotels, country, $25, and 10 houseRlrls. at
$20, $25. $30. Apply to J. F. CROSETT &
CO.. 834 Sutter »t.
WANTED— Housework. Palo Alto, $25; Vaca-
vllle, no wash, fare paid, $25; San Rafael
$25; 5 girls for Alameda. $25, Berkeley. 825*
.Fresno, $30, and housework, city. $35. An-
ply to J. F. CROSETT & CO., 334 Sutter st.
TWO first-class cooks, $35. German families';
flrst-class cook, American family, no wash
$3fi; Protestant girl, general housework two
in family, $35. and 33 girls for housework in
city and country at $25 and $30. J. F.'CRo.
SETT & CO.. 334 Sutter et.
•AX FRAXCXSCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco
Call, corner Mark&t and Third streets; open
until 12 o'clock every night In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— 527 Montgomery street,
corner Clay; open until 8:30 p. m.
300 Hayes street; open until 9:S0 p. m.
«k» McAllister street; open until »:S0 p. m -
tl5 Larkln street; open until 9:30 p. m.
3&41 Mlaeion. street; open until 10 p. m.
2261 Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
until 9 p. m.
106 Eleventh street: ©pea until 8 p. m.
1086 Valencia ttreet; open until 9 p. m.
NorUiwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
lucky streets; open until 9 p. m.
_.t)0 Fill— .ore street; open until 0 p. m.
M—ETIXG NOTICES.
CROCKETT Lodge No. 133, F. and A. fi
M.— Second degre* THIS (WEDNES- VY
DAT) EVENING. Aug. 26. 1903. at /V\
7 30 o'clock. By order of the W. M.
R. H. McPHERSON, Secretary.
EXCELSIOR Lodge No. 166. F. and A. «
M.— Second degree THIS (WEDNES-
DAY) EVENING at 7:30 o'clock. /^r\
H. J. OWEN, Secretary.
MISSION Lodge No. 169, F. and A. M. _
—Called meeting THIS (WEDNES- VSf
DAY) EVENING, at 7:30 o'clock. /V\
Second degree. R. E. ALLAN. Sec.
HARMONY Lod" No. 13. L O. O. < &&£X'ir u _
F — The olflcm and th* t un yal g J*J_y^
committee- of tbe above named
lodge a— hereby notified to as- ~W_K~™
eemble at Odd Fellows' Hall, corner Market
_nd Seventh sts.. on WEDNESDAY. August
.6, at 1:30 o'clock p. m-. for the purpose of
_tten_~.g the funeral of our late brother.
Hear}- Koster. By order
ADOLF PAUBA, N. O.
CHAS. QUAST, Financial Secretary .
£AN FRANCISCO Bricklayers' Intern*- «
tlonai Union No. 7 of California. — Spe- !'l
tial meeting WEDNESDAY EVEN- A\j0
ING, August 26, B. B. Hail, 121 Eddy &<¦/!
ev By crder _TTi?_
E. L. NOLAN, Tree. ~ LT*
CHAS. WAGNER. Rec and Cor. Sec
NOTICE TO THE STOCKHOLDERS OF
THE SAX FRANCISCO GAS AND
ELECTRIC COMPANY Is hereby given
that pursuant to an order and resolu-
tion of the board of directors of the San
Francisco Gas and Electric Company adopted
at a meeting of said board duly held at the
offlce of the company in the City and County
of 6an Francisco, State of California, on
the 12th day of August. 1903. a meeting of
the stockholders, of £an Francisco Gas and
Electric Company -.-ill be held at the offlce
of the company, number 415 Post Strett. San
FmdcUco. California <the same being the
principal place of business of said corpora-
lion and the building where the board of di-
° r«4oi» usuaily meet>, on Thursday, the 22nd
day cf October. 1903, at the hour of 2 o'clock
r. M.. for the purpose 01 arung and voting
upon the proposition to create a bonded In-
debtedness of said corporation to the amount
... cUe ar~ega.t«? of ten million (10.0ou.O<)0»
doilatf* United States Gold Coin, for the pur-
pose cf acquiring property to be used in car-
rying on the business of the corporation and
is crder to provide funds for other legiti-
mate and neceesary purposes of the corpor-
ation such bonded indebtedness to be secured
by a mortgage or deed of trust upon all the
property now owned by b_!3 corporation, or
» hlch It may hereafter acquire. By order of
the board of directors.
CHARLES L. BARRE1T.
Secretary San Francisco Gas and Electric
Company.
ATTOR.\EVS-AT-I_W.
ROBT W. KING, atty-at-lay. Examiner bid.,
rra. €11; all caset, damages, estates, wills,
attachments, collections, etc: consultation
lree; no advance charges; call or write; even.
lc— ¦ by appointment. Tel. Red 3601.
ADVICE free — | "will advance cost In meritori-
ous cases, divorces, probate and all other law
caeee; no fees in advance; open every even-
ing. J. M. THURSTON. &19 Market St.. r. 31.
ADVICE fret divorces a speclalty;qulck.quiet;
no charge without s-jecess; established 15 yrs.
G. V.'. HOWE. 1122 Market St.. opp. Hale's.
ADVICE free, all cases. R. C. ADAMS, room
C16. third floor. Examiner building.
A1TKEN & A1TKEN. attorneys, rs. 309-10-lL
Clunle bid*.. 603 California st.: tel. Main 727.
ADVICE free; all cases; open evenings. M.
L. RYAN. S50 Market St.. cor. Stockton.
BIRDS, DOGS, ETC.
YOUNG- talking ?arrot£,$5 ea.cb;Germa_ singing
canarlrb, $2; we will try to please you; every-
thing in our line at right prices. 1546 Market.
UOAUUIMi KU11 CH1L— <—Kfiu
J.OOM and board for school boy 12 years old In
nice lamily; terms moderate. Box 2422. Call.
BL'SI.t—SS CHA.\CES.
A-41500; RESTAURANT andT^dhophouse;
close to Phelan building; daily receipts about
?»5: tplendld business. See R. G. WILKE,
SBSff Kearny et.
A— $~»; RESTAURANT and coltee saloon, on
Third St.; rent $30; average daily receipts,
|Ut; a bargain. R. G. WILKE. 264 Ke_rny.
FOB sale— Furniture, ca-pets and good will of
a new brick a&artment-house of 175 rooms.
In the city's swellest locality; partly fur-
nished, and although just opened is half
filled with regular tenants already; long
lease; if you want an apartment-house don't
tail to get particulars of this at :00ms 1404-
I40Sw Call building.
CORNER lodging-house, 60 rooms, and every
one big and sunny; downtown location; a new
houst, nicely furnished: only opened a short
time, jet already on a paying baeis; every-
thing modern — electric light, steam heat,
etc. ; long I'stp; a good legitimate investment;
ofieiwl tor what it's worth — not a cent lese;
Bf' a. ccat more. Apply rooms 1404-1405. Call
building.
MANAGER wanted — A national concern with
headquarters in New York would like to cor-
i-<^pond with men of ability who are capable
of ect-bliEhlng branch office and — anaxring
a large business on salary basis. They must
be hustlers. ¦ strictly trustworthy, »«11 edu-
cated ar.d able to Invest from $3000 to $50C0 i
Is a thoroughly established, successful and
'fgitim ate buslnees; references exchanged.
liox 400, CIV Sixth «ve.. New York.
RESTAURANT— $1750— VALLEJO. CAL.
Central location; rent reasonable; 48 chairs
ujirxr floor; 25 chairs ground floor; average
net profit per month $130. J. H. HARVEY,
ill Market et., from 2 to 3 p. m.
DO YOU WANT TO GO INTO BUSINESS?
Do you want to go out of business?
Wilford A- Harrison, Business Agents. 3 Taylor.
?S50 BUYS paying corner saloon; 3 living
rooms: 5 >can>' loaup; rent $20; must sell to- '
day: death. CO4 Fourth et.
I WANT a ch-ajj saloon for about $150; loca- 1
«lcn don't cut any figure; anywhere will do
if In c-tv. Box 2431, Call. .
GROCERY and bar for sale. 971 Harrison st.
OPPORTUNITY for experienced liquor man as
co-«orker and prospective stockholder In well
«stabllEhrd liquor bouse. Applicants give age.
exferience. references. Address box 520.
Sacramento.
FOR &»•;< — CJrocery business In small town;
dean, new stock; will invoice about $3000;
doing good business; best of reasons for
wiling. Address P. O. box 123, Sulsun, Cal.
FIRST-CLASS delicacy store; good location;
doing good business; at a bargain; sickness
cause of *e!Mr.s- Box 10V7. Call. ¦.»:>¦-.-.-. «~- ?¦
f i/-*v_THE Santa Crur bill-posting plant; will
ray for itself in one year. 256 Pacific ave.,
Santa Crui. Cal.
GROCERY and bar; great bargain: fine loca-
tion and trade; cheap rent: living rooms;
good b**r bUBlnc-—. 230 Minna st. ¦
FOR sale — Good paying restaurant and bar;
ect&bhthed 12 years. 3 Jackscn ft.
FOR sale — Mocha restaurant. 1753H Mission
*tr*«t.
A bakery: delicacy; all store trade; $25 a day;
price S1S00: no agents. 715 McAllister st.
« ..Ml'_'l-__ATI->«i .OU CL_A.M\U.
AIR. compressed, dry. ice cold. Is now unlver-
F&lly u.'.r-d in sanitarily cleaning carpets, on
floor, without removal or injury; prices, mod-
erate. Apply S. F. COMPRESSED AIR
CLEANING CO.. Call big.; phone Main 6237.
WHEN you Deccme dif-usted with your work
?*nd fcr SPATJLDING'6 Pioneer Carpet -beal-
is£ Works. U0O-S57 Tchama tt. ; tel. South 40.
CALIFORNIA Carpet-beating Co.. J McQueen,
proprietor, 323 Guerrero St.; tel. Mission 49.
TRY' IIOPK— BROS.; excellent carpet-beating;
inattrrssefc — «dc over. 1432 Howard ; South 210
ADVANCE Carr *t Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter St.;
tcl. Mam 334. GEO>WALCOM - CO.. Propfc.
UUIxjLPH & CO.. carpet-be-.ting works; prices
•>¦*.:¦ ¦jn.jbl*. 1703 Harrison st.; tel. Mission 2t3.
t.'ONKLiN'S t-uuerior Carpet-beatlr.g Works.
:«C Goid>n Gate ave. ; telephone East 12B.
collection okficks. ~
ua^cg^[art*&^weye5^ ~ ~~~ ~~*
Collectors.
No. 1170 Market Street. Room 37.
ADVICE Tree; bad tenants ejected epeedlly. CO-
LUMBIAN LAW AGCY.. r. 85, 016 Market:
tel. Red ei£; collections; gen'l law business.
I>AD tenants ejected for il: collections made;
city cr country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO.. 416 Montgomery, rooms 8-10;. tel. 5£S0.
LODGING-HOUSES FOR SALE.
' H. C. DECKER.
008 MARKET. COR. 8TOCKTON.
PHONE JOHN* 531.
Headquarters for Real Estate, Roomlng-
Houses Hotels, New Apartment Houses,
Flats and Private Homes.
27 YEARS IN THIS BUSINESS IN
BAN FRANCISCO.
See the following bargains:
10 rooms; Folsom st.; full of roomer* $223
7 roorae; modern flat; fine furniture...... 203
8 rooms; newly furnished; clears $25..... 175
14 rooms; exchanges for larger house..... 000
17 rooms; 6 rooms furnished; snap 500
8 rooms; Leavenworth »t.j reduced to... BOO
35 rooms; choice location: Oakland. ..... .3200
12 rooms; Geary st.; choice; transient.... 400
42 room*; nunny corner; rent $100. .. .....320O
SO rooms; nunny bay-window corner 2800
20 rooms; Mlsalon and Sixth Bts.; snap....l»00
12 rooms; Tayloi Bt.; transient only 700
CO rooms; Market Bt.; offices; permanent .. MOO
02 rooms; part house; long leans 2000
8 roor.is; cost $1500; a beauty; reduced.. 750
15 rooms: newly furnished; long lease 1200
H. C. DECKER. 006 Market, cor. Stockton.
"-ROOM house only $250; worth $500; must
sell. DECKER. WO Market Bt.
20- ROOM house (transient); clears $150; price
only $1200; only $500 cash. DECKER. 900
Market st.
100 ROOMS; house for men; rent $140. .. .$4000
RS rooms; couth of Market; rent $100.. 2000
24 rooms; corner; part cash; bal. easy.
11 rooms; good Income; rent $20 350
21 rooms; water front- rent $40; lease. 650
120 rooms; good leaaoilow rent CSOO
67 rm*.; apartments ; Western Add.; rent 250.
Money loaned at 1 per cent.
Hotels roadhousea flats S to 100 rooms.
fclTEL & CARROLL. 212 Kearny at.
8 ROOMS; lease; men roomers $723
14 rooms; piano and paintings 1700
20 rooms; transient; straight 2100
$1600—27 rooms; S years' lease; clean $100;
owner called East. Mossman, 850 Market.
A BARGAIN this week: forced sale; SI rooms:
Market st.. central; all rented; flrst floor of-
fices, clearing $175: only $2400; easy terms.
PETERSEN _ LARSEN. 1085 Market, rm. 1.
SPIRITUALISM.
ARRIVED — PROF. FRED P. EVANS, the fa-
mous psychic; stamp for circular. 1112 Eddy
Et.. near Octavla.
THOMAS OUELLETTE; •pedal life readings
25c; absolutely free unless correct; full
names given. 34 Sixth st., rooms 10 and 12.
A— ETHEL. CRIXDLE. materializing seance
Wednesday eve., 50c. 1115 Post St., 8 o'clock.
JOHN SLATER'S circle to-night at 8:15 sharp;
readings to-day. 10 to 4. 330 O'Farrell Bt.
KATIE HEUSSMAN. circle Friday evening.
Sac: fittings. 1000 HarrUon st.. cor. Sixth.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, trance clairvoyant,
business medium and life reader. 416 Turk.
EDWARD EARLE, 1052 Ellis, readings dally.
8:S0 to 4; ceances Sunday and Thursday.
CLAIRVOYA.VTS,
A— CALL AT ONCH AND SAVE $2
My Regular $3 Reading This Week for
$1 $1 $1 $1 $1 $1 $1 $1
PROFESSOR PAUL DESTINE
The First Registered Trance Clairvoyant a_d
PaJmlst Ever In San Francisco.
I do hereby solemnly agree and guarantee
to make you no charge If I fail to tell your
name, occupation and what you call for; I
promise to tell you whether husband, wife or
sweetheart is true or false; to tell whom and
when you will marry; In fact. I will tell you
every hope, fear or ambition better than you
can tell yourself. He restores lost affections
reunites the separated, causes speedy and
happy marriages, makes you successful and
prosperous, cures disease and lost vitality
without medicine. locates hidden treasures;
hours 10 a. m. to 8 p. m. ; Sundays 2 to S.
326 Q-Farrell gt.. 326.
MME. M. BERNARD THE FAMOUS
Clairvoyant and business medium, perma-
nently located at 17 Third St.. next Examiner
bldg.: she reads your life correctly, gives an
accurate description of the past, reveals the
present happenings and portrays events to
occur In the future; if you are In trouble, dis-
contented or not eatlsfled In life, or have do-
mestic, love or business troubles, consult this
great medium and you will b« told how to
overcome them; valuable advice in all affairs
of life: 25c up; satisfaction guaranteed; read-
Ings by mall. Tel. Black 4569.
ISMAR, the Egyptian gypsy, clairvoyant and
palmist, permanently located at 1104 Market
et. cor. Turk; private readings daily. 10 a.
m." to 5 p. m.; readings by mall as eatlsfac-
tory as in person; 3 questions answered. $1;
full life $5: send lock of hair, date and year
of birth; don't send currency. Send postofflce,
Wells-Fargo money order or registered letter,
A— MME. PORTER, scientific clairvoyant and
card reader, born with a double veil and sec-
ond sight; tells the past, present and future:
ladles 50c; gents, $1; by cards, palmistry
and clairvoyant sitting: $1 50. 126 Turk st.
Mrs. A. H. Kronenberg. palmist, clairvoyant,
card reader, will give a good reading, 10c, for
a Ehort time only; when others fall try me to
convince yourself. 402 Franklin, near Grove.
A — Mme. Ravenna reads life, business advice;
names given; 25c up. S 4th St.. near Market.
MISS SEYMOUR, wonderful card reader; sat-
isfaction guaranteed. 303 Jessie, cor. 4th.
MRS SHAFER clairvoyant card reader; sit-
tings dally. 448H Jessie st.. bet. 5th and 6th.
OLDEST lady palmist and card reader in city.
26',£ Kearny. room 2O; ladles 25c. gsnts 60c
~ CHIROPODISTS.
DUNLAP FOOT INSTITUTE, 60 Geary — All
ailments of the feet cured: corns, bunlons.etc.
COTTAGES TO LET.
JESSIE. f21^— Cottage of 4 rooms; rent cheap;
rear.
_-, _________
DrTXuDLUM HILL, 1443 Market, nr.El-venth
— No charge for extracting when plates are
made; old plates made over like new; teeth
from $8 per set; extracting, 50c: gas given.
A NEW plate — The Whalebcn- — cannot break;
warranted 20 yrs. ; crown, $3 BO; fillings, 50c;
plates. $5: full set; all work painltss and war.
ranted. Chicago Dental Parlors., 24 Sixth st.
GOLD fillings, 75c; silver. 85c; crowns, $2; no
pain: open Sunday. Dr.O.B.Hewttt.204 Sutter.
PARIS Dental Parlors. 235 Kearny. cor. Bush —
Set teeth. $1 60 up: crowns, $2 up; filllngs,25c
10 PER CENT oft* this month; estimates free.
Xe— York Dentists. »C3 Mission St.. cor. 6th.
UKLbSMAKEItS Jb S_AJISTltK55_S.
McDOWELL Dressmaking and Millinery School
— Any pattern cut to measure. 1019 Market.
ACCORDION, sunburst & knife plaiting. Stew-
art's button & buttonhole factory. 110 Taylor.
o~E—erct aks c____iizio.
SEA breezes sweeten all garments, blankets.,
lace curtain?, etc., done by the Presidio
Heights Dye Works. 3015 Sacramento; phone
for wagon. West 453. H. HICKMAN. pros.
EDUCATIONAL.
A — CALDWELL College of Oratory. Acting,
Opera and Authorship; largest In the West;
14 teachers; positions guaranteed; fall term
begins £ept. 7; (_.y & evening class; beautiful
new catalogue free. 1205 Market, cor. Ninth.
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE, 24 Post. S.
F. — Bookkeeping, shorthand, touch typing,
languages, telegraphy, English branches;
day and night sessions; illus. catalogue free.
SAN FRANCISCO Business College, 1236 Mar-
ket; modern, progressive, practical; estab-
lished 15 years. Gregg shorthand, fastest,
easiest, most readable. Actual business
bookkeeping; typewriter at home free.
AYRES. the leading business college, 723 Mar-
ket st. ; special summer course in all depart-
ments; handsome catalogue free; life scholar-
ship, $50; day and evening sessions.
CALIFORNIA Business College, 305 Larkln st.
"A thorough school"; positions secured for
graduates; modern methods: individual In-
etructlon. Write fcr Illustrated catalogue.
HINMAN'S Academy; a thorough school of
dancing; established 20 years. 1412 Polk st.,
between Pine and California; both adult and
children's classes are now open for the season.
HEALD'S School of Mines &. Etectriclty.24 Post
et., S. F. ; a practical school of engineering;
complete equipment. Special catalogue free.
THE Berlitz School of Languages has removed
to 1000 Van Ness ave.; rates reduced during
summer. Send for catalogue.
ENGINEERING — Civil, elec., mln., mech., sur-
vey, assay, cyanide; day. eve.; est. 1864. Van
der Naillen School. 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
SYSTEM, discipline and results: the Golden
Gate Commercial College, Van Ness and
Golden Gate aves..S.F. : fills every requlremnt
DANCING Tuesday, Tlrursday. Saturday and
Sunday evenings at Teutonia Hall. Howard
St.. near Ninth; management Prof. Foster.
PIANO and German; pupil of Lelpslc Conser-
, vatory; lessons 75c and $1. 346 Golden Gate.
AT Klngsland Art Shop — Drawing, painting
and burnt work. 1184 Halght st.. near Lyon.
SCHOOL OF ILLUSTRATION Day and
PARTINGTON'S. 424 Pine st Night class.
LESSONS given In Water Color or Oil Palnt-
lng from Nature. CURRIER. 372 Sutter st.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing,
etc; day or eve.; $5 mo. 1024 Mlsslon.nr. 6th.
Chicago Business College. 14C5 Market. nr.lOth
Plttman shorthand, typing, bookkpg.. $8 mo!
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, cent to any address in th«
United States or Canada one year for $1.
HELP WANTED— MAI-.'
AT CALIFORNIA EMPLOYMENT AGENCY.
C9 Third St.. nr. Call Bldg.; phone Bush 405.
HOPS, HOPS, HOP PICKERS.
1 We ship Wednesday, Thursday and Friday;
f Pay $1 per hundred; fare $1 50; fee $1; 100
men, women and children.
S. P. CO.'S OWN WORK.
FREE FARE— FREE FARE.
50 section hands, £1 CO and $1 70 a day.
COAL MINERS.
FREE FARE— OREGON.
14 miners, $1 a ton.
2 miners, single-hand, $3 a day.
FREE FARE— NEAR CITY
10 laborers, $2 25 a day. < |
3 single-hand miners, $2 50 a day.
6 muckers, same mine, $2 25 a day.
SAWMILL AND WOODSMEN.
2 timber fellere, $B0 a month and board. -
b croE3cutters. $50 a month and board.
8 swampers, $40 a month and board.
10 mill and yard men. $45 month and board.
15 men for Humboldt Co. to pile lumber $40
and board, fare advanced.
TO-DAY. S. S. POMONA. TO-DAY.
2 flrst-class machinists, country, $4 a day.
Box maker for city. $2 50 a day.
Box machine man, city, $2 50 a day
Potwather, city, $25 and found.
?. * t t ; c l ass cooper for country, $3 a day.
CAL. EMPLOYMENT AGCY.. 59 Third st.
f " ' ~" "
A Io<?V, R V HANSEX & co -' s Employ. Offlce.
429 Bush st. 612 Clay st.
Hello Grant 185.
SHIPPING TO-DAY. FREE FARE, FOR
STATE OF NEVADA.
For Ryndon Tunnel, Nevada.
Muckers, drillers, ?2. $3.
Stonecutters, ?5.
For Reno, Nevada, New R. R. Work.
Laborers, $2; board ?4 50.
For Golconda. Nevada, New R. R, Work.
Fence builders. $2 25.
Jf^ ecoma ' ' N > v ada. New R. R.,Work.
25 Hammersmen, ?2 25; board $4 50.
?»J\, HAN ' S EN & CO.'S Employment Offlce.
420 Bush st. 642 clay st.
A— HOTEL GAZETTE. 26 Montgomery, r. 12
— }<> colored waiters, $32; second cook. $70;
_ bellboy. 15 years old, flo; 2 waiters. $30.
F^? T »: CLASS WIndow dresser. $115 a month:
8 laborers for mill and woods. $40 and
board half fare advanced; coachman, $35
and found; choreman. $15 and found- 3
farmers and wiyes. $45. $50 and $55 and
found; milker. $.«> and found; farmer $1 60
' .t 3^ and $'° month and found: blacksmith.
$J day; blacksmith's helper. $2 day; garden-
er. $25 and found; orchard foreman, *-M> and
found; 2 sheepherders. $30 and found; all-
round laundryman for Institution, $40 and
found; 50 laborers for mines, quarries, etc..
$2 and $2 50 day; miners, woodchoppers and
others. "J. F. CROSETT _ CO., B2S Sacra-
mento st.
ASSISTANT barkeeper and porter, $25 and
found; butler. $30 and found; waiter and
wife. $40 and found; cook and wife. $60 and
found; boarding-house cook, $40 and found;
ranch cook. $."0 and found; meat cook for in-
stitution. $55 and found: hotel. second
cook, country. $50 and found: restaurant
second cook. $60; waiters, dishwashers and
others. J. F. CROSETT & CO., 623 Sacra-
mento st.
A BRIGHT boy wanted: age about 14; good
chance to work up; come with parents.
SHERMAN. CLAY _ CO.'S, Sutter and
Kearny sts.
A SALESMAN and manager for large depart-
ment boys" and children"s clothing. Address,
stating experience and latt position, box
2427, Call office.
GOVERNMENT positions — Examinations soon";
write for free circular 14, giving various po-
sitions, salaries, etc. Polytechnic Bualnebs
Collece, Oakland. Cal. ,
TRY our men's shoes, union made, at $1 and
$1 50 per pair; foot-form shoes at $2 50. or
orthopedic shoes, $3 50; best shoes on earth. 11
Third st.. Exam, bldg.. 5 doors from Market.
WANTED— Young man from 16 to IS years of
nge to learn the dry goods business. Apply
between 0 and 11 a. m. at HALE BROS.'
BOY about 15 years old by wholesale house for
errands and Inside work. Eastman Kodak
• Co.. 643 Market st.
! SALESMAN— Experienced In book business;
state experience and salary expected. Ad-
dress box 2423, Call offlce.
BARBERS — Best bargain; 2 chairs; steady;
no reasonable offer refused. 2 Summer St.,
otf Montgomery, betv/een Pine and California.
TRY our men's shoes, union made, at $1 and
$1 50 pair; foot-form shoes at $2 50; we pay
express or mall chgs. 11 Third St.. Exam. bid.
BARBER wanted for Wednesday evenlns and
Saturday and Sunday. 1C06 Mission St., cor-
ner Sixth.
BARKER, stea'dy, for Wednesday and Saturday
evenings. Sunday; watres $5. 303 Sixth st.
GOOD barber wanted; steady. 304 Fourth st.
WANTED— At once, two errand boys, at JOE
ROSENBERG'S Store. 816 Market st.
YOUNG men for Australian ships; also sailors,
at HERMAN'S, 2B Steuart st.
WAITERS and dishwashers wanted at the
GPWen West Hotel, 68-76 Ellis st.
WANTED — At once, good marker and distribu-
tor. Call at 3372 Mission at. ,
GOOD tinsmith and sheet metal worker wanted.
TAYLOR & PRITCHARD. 14 Market st.
BOY wanted to learn picture frame business;
good . salary. Apply 1304 Stockton st.
¦ ————__ -^
LUNCH waiter wanted. 5S2 SlxtH st.
YOUNG man to drive butcher wagon. Call
Bon Ton Market, 004-000 Valencia st.
WANTED— Shingler. Call at 160 Chattanooga
St.. bet. -Twenty-second and Twenty-third. -
WANTED — A flrst-class plumber's helper. 504
Post st;
WANTED — A first«class I waiter or extra. 29
, Stockton st.
FOR sale — $3.1: '1 -chair barber shop; 5 rooms;
rent to. '8 Thirteenth st. ;..-v
TAILORS — Coat maker and ladles' tailor want-
ed for Vallejo. STEIN; SIMON _ CO.. Mar-
ket and Second Bts. ¦ . ,
YOUNG man with some experience either at
-. harness .. making or carriage trimming. 718
! Folsom st.
WANTED-- Rough carpenters and laborers.
Apply room 14, 23 Montgomery St., San
Francisco Construction Company.
COATMAKER for country. REISS BROS." &
' CO.. 24 Sutter St.. _-_
Boilermakers; steady employment to right man;
state exp. ; wages standard. -Box 2413, Call.
BARBER wants to sell;: must sell -.'account of
retiring; bargain. Inquire '1541 Geary st.
BOY wanted. : about 16 years old. DRUG
STORE, 400 GouKh St.' .
BOYS who have had experience at trunk mak-
- Ing... S07 Mission st.
FOR, sale— Fine paying barber'shop. Guerne-
. Ville, Sonoma Co... H. E. Hart for particulars.
BARBERS — Neat two-chair shop; weekly aver,
i age.' $45 to $50; rent, $15. Box 2110, Call.
PORTRAIT solicitors, city; Installment plan.
Apply Golden Gate Portrait Co.. S32 Howard.
FOR sale— Neat' barber shop; rent $12 SO;
• price $75. Box 2416,- Call of flco.
_.-'---¦."¦_*- ¦¦ -. . ¦*¦-...¦_ - ' " .-
HELP WASTED-MALE — Con-
MURRAY & READY, „- _. y gt
PHONE MAIN 5843. 634 and63 « c^_
Leading Employment and Labor Agenw.
Offlce half block long; 14 clerks e™P}«;"*-
by our own printing plant w« P^ ll = h *
"FREE" Bulletin of Labor, containing every
position segregated under reaa>
for distribution 7 a. m.: also noon and even-
ing editions. GET ONE FREE.
THIS IS WHAT
MADE US FAMOUS. .
We know no distinction between man ana
man.
YOU" ARE ALL EQUAL.
YOU ARE ALL WELCOME.
19C2 WE GAVE 1003 WEXL GIVE
45,000 MEN WORK. 60,000 MEN WORK.
WE SHIP YOU ~ FREE TO ONE.
FREE TO-DAY. • FREE TO ALL.
Ogden Utah. ~~ AU Parts Nevada.
Los Angeles County. ChatswurtbParlc.
Wllllts. Uklah. 2^5,
Arcana, To-day.
And AU Points North. East. South.
Including ¦ Ogden. Utah.
Carpenter* and helpers, pile drivers, fence
builders drillers single, double and machine
men corner and bench hands, muckers,
chuck tenders, car dumpers, teamsters la-
borers, track men. cooks.- waiters btaek-
smiths etc.. $5. $4. $3 50. $3, $2 50. $2 day.
Free Fare. Free Fare. Free- Fare.
Everybody Talking. Thousands ColnB ;
Are You? < Are You? Are You?
Are iou. MU RRAY _ READY.
634 and 636 Clay at.
165 MEN OR BOYS.
FRUIT PICKERS— $30 fd— FRUIT PICKERS
Fare $1. Fee $1. Three months' Jobs.
Picking, packing, drying.
Se5 laborers, teamsters, city " and country
Jobs. $2, $2 60 and $3 a day. AU classes of
work: come see. '• - ; .
155 Italians. $2 25 a day.
You .board yourselves. Steady Jobs.
26 laborer*, free fare, 14 mile* away, $42
and found.
26 laborers, you'll suit, factory, fare paid,
$67 50.
155 coal miners, free fare. $3 to $5 day.
165 labore— . teamsters. YVilllts, UkJatt. free-
fare, $67 50.
Do. You Know— Free Fare —
On every train we ship to S. P. Co.'« own
work, on all divisions, laborers, extra gangs;
also section hands.
DIAMOND MATCH COMPANY.
W. teamsters and axmen, $75.
197 laborers and drillers. $75.
155 track layers, ballast track. $K7 50.
Cost you only $1; no discount; stiaJy job.
MINES, QUARRIES. TUNNELS.
155 laborers. yqu'U suit, $C0. $75 pnd found. '
06 miners and Jtlmber— en. $00 an«l found.
188 quarrymenf also drillers. $82 to $00.
9ti carmen, furnace men. $75.
STABLES. FARMS, DAIRIES. HARVEST.
106 farm, orchard, vineyard hands, $30 to
$45 and found.
38 milkers, butter makers. $30, $-13. $40 fd.
156 harvest hands, hay balers. $2 BO, $3 day.
<58 choremen, coachmen gardeners. $30 to
$50 and found. /
16 stablemen, city and country. $30 to $45 fd.
bS men for brickyards, $35 and $S0 found.
MARRIED HELP WANTED
12 men and wives, farms, orchards, mines,
mills, $40 to $70 and found
MURRAY & READY,
C34 and 636 Clay at.
WHERE ARE THEY? •
86 Lumber Trusts and Syndicates.
Located In Four State*.
Managers here. Two Territories.
FREE— FARE— FREE.
995 laborers, no experience wanted. $35 to
$70 and found.
1SS experienced mill and yard men $40 to
$150 and found.
383 woodsmen $40 to $150 and found
3S6 ¦woodchoppers. tiemakers. shingle, poet,
picket and box bolt makers stools and pro-
visions found.
BIG L MURRAY _ READY.
TRUSTS. 634 and 636 Clay st.
A— COOKS — BIG PAY. ~
COOKS BIG PAY. COOKS. COOKS.
26 cooks for harvest and fruit ranches hay
presses, etc.. $70. $G0. $50. $40. $30 found;
very few men to cook for. no women there;
4 cooks for different mines. $70, $65. $5O. $40
and found.
¦46 cooks hotels, restaurants, cafes, saloons,
' etc.. $70 to $40 and found.
WAITERS.
32 waiters, different places. Including cafes,
grills. $45 to $C0 and found.
0 bell end elevator boys, city and country
positions. $15 to $30 and found.
0 ponlers and bedmakers. city and country
positions. $45 to $20 and found.
66 dishwashers, etc.. city and all parts of
California. ?to to $25 and found.
12 butchers, different Jobs. $35 to $60 found.
6 bakers. 5 helpers. $35 to $50 and found.
in boys to learn trader and work in factories.
$6 to $12 a week.
SPECIAL. *
Cook and wife, hotel, fare p*ald.
Inyo County, strictly kitchen work. 40 board-
ers. $75. boss here.
Cook. Nevada. $50. fare paid.
Baker, eountry shop, fare $3. $50; helper.
$25.
Cook's helper, for mine, extra good Job. $33
and found, fare paid.
MURRAY & READY.
634 and 636 Clay st.
SPECIAL ON MIDNIGHT MAIL.
PHONE AND TELEGRAPH.
¦WAREHOUSE. FARE $1.
12 laborers, no experience wanted. $3 day.
IN BUTTE COUNTY. $3 FARE.
28 laborers for woods, you'll suit. $40 found.
FOREMAN GRAIN RANCH. $50. FD. |
Carpenters, private work, fare 70c. $30. i
26 ITALIANS. FREE FARE. ;
for Los Angeles. Santa Barbara and San |-
Luls Obispo.
EXTRA SPECIAL— SANTA CRUZ.
26 men. anybody will do. free fare to-day.
ARIZONA— 900 MILES.
TO-DAY TO ARIZONA.
Cement flnlnher. $4 50: machine hand, furni-
ture factory. $2 50. day: 2 bench bands,
planing mill $•'< 50; cook's helper, mine. $3..
and found; bark peeler, fare $1. $40 and
found; 6 laborers, city foundry. $2: tinsmith.
S3- blacksmith lumber company, north. $»O;
lever man dredger boas here. $60 and found;
16 hay balers, $3 to $5 day; boys for whole-
sale druggist. $18 to $35; coachman, garden-
"VaRE PAID TO OREGON-$33— TO
_5 iawmilland woods men. $80 found.
Machinist, country winery. $40 and found.
12 laborers. 8 hc*ire. city. $60.
Porter and rousta i 'bout, hotel, nr3t class, near
city. $25. TOGKTH - R _ BUTT _ R
Maker and milker, fare paid. Inyo Co.. $70 fd
- DRIVER— MERCHANDISE.
Country store, Tuo'.umne Co.. $60 to $75.
o g"'RM\NS WINE CELLARS. $10 to $12.
2 boys, little experience, city machine shop,*9
Butcher, young man. shop, wagon, near city,
$:;o and' found. .'.-_».
Chorcman. ranrh. boss here, private Job, $25
and found. , "__ m
;; steady farmhands, year round, $30 found.
Carpenter set up tanks, * i i0.
Stableman, south, exceptionally good Job. $*0
and found. ,
Box maker, city. $2 50.
3 milkers, steady jobs year round. $35 found.
Best Places At MURRAY & READY.
lest Wages At «" and 638 Clay st.
10 BLACKSMITHS and helpers, located every-
where. $90 to 545 and found.
Also i)C other different mechanics; come see.
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st.
WANTED For the U. - 8. Marine Corps, able-
bodied, unmarried men. between 21 and 35;
"good character; must speak, read and write
English; marines serve at sea on men-of-war
in ali parts of the world, on land In our Isl-
and possessions, and at naval stations In the
1 United States. Apply at recruiting offlce. 40
Ellis st.. San Francisco. Cal.: 2221J N. Main
St.. Los Angeles. Cal.. and 401 K st.. Sacra-
mento. Cal. ' '
BOYS wanted Immediately to pare fruit with
machine: *o<xl wages. California Canneries'
Co.. 423 Brannan st.
WANTED— Educated young man to learn our
' business and take responsible position - when
qualified: $900 per year; flr«t-class references
required. Stoddard Lectures. 210 Examiner
building. ' - -
MAN to assist with work In lodging-house;
good home; state age and wages expected. T
F. STACK, the Colonial. 616 Broadway. Oak.
land.
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rclkln, Reno House proprietor, has
added 100 new rooms to the Denver House.
217 Third st.; 250 rooms: 15c per night.
WANTED— Young man to teach llttla boys la.
return for board and assistance In his stud-
ies. Write or catl after 6 p. m. on 'H C
COONLEY. 1017 Clay st.. San Francisco. Cal!
TRY our men's shoes, union mad*, at SI and
$1 SO pair; foot-form shoes at $2 SO; we pay
e-prest or mall chgs. 11 Third St.. Exam. bid.
BOY wanted. United States Laundry. Six-
teenth and. Valencia st*. .
BARBER shop for sale. $50; worth $100. In-
qurty Call offlce.
MAN to do Janitor work for tuition in S. F.
Barber School, 741 A Howard st.
SAILORS and ordinary fceamen for Europe and
Australia. HERMAN'S. 2ft Steuart at.
tOO MEN to buy new and 2d-hand army shoes
50c up: soling cheap. 023 Howard st.. nr. 5th.
PENSION atty. E. A. Bullls, room 40. Phei*lT
bldg. Past Com. Geo. H. Thomas Post. G.A.R.
CLASSIFIED advertisement* and suhscrlptiosa
received at Call branch offlce. 2200 Flllmcre.
ALL sizes men's- shoes. 'slightly damaged half
price. StS Mission St.. bet. 1st and 2dsts.
GET your shoes half soled while waiting: 25o
to 50c. 563 Mission St.. btt. 1st. and 2d •_.
HELP WANTED — FEMALE— -Con.
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S -.Hello, Grant 185
1 * HOTEL DEPARTMENT. - •
Head wal trees, short distance, " party here at
11 a. m. to-day.
Head waitress, commercial notel, fare paid,
$ 30. j
2 waitresses, ahort distance, $25.
Waitress, arm work, country, $25.
Waitress, bakery and restaurant, city, 53 wk.
Housekeeper, city hotel, f30.
Cook, few boarders, city, $35.
2 waitresses, south, fare paid, $25.
2 waitresses, Fresno, fare paid, $25.
Chambermaids, city and country, $20.
Chambermaid, south, fare paid, $20. 'V
2 laundresses, south, free fare, $25.
Waitresses, city and country. $-.2O-$25.
Chambermaid to wait, one used-- to private
family and hctel work, nice home. $25.
FAMILY DEPARTMENT.
2 nice places, 2 In family, country, $25 each,
parties here, fares paid; cook, middle-aged
couple, three weeks" work, best of wages,
party here; woman, housekeeper, 2 men,
522 60; man and wife, private place, chore-
- man and cook. $3.%, party here; housegirl,
uleep home, no Sunday work, $5 week; cooks,
houseglrls, second girls, nursegirls, others,
$20-$30.
C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 429 Bush st.
A MAN and wife, apartment house, city. $40.
C. R. HANSEN & CO., 420 Bush st.
HA1RDRESSING, manicuring, massage, hair
work; removal of superfluous hair taught
from A to Z in 2 weeks for $10; positions
guaranteed: $lo to $20 per week; school day
and eve. 233 Geary, r. 13; maids prepared.
A — LADIES, learn all branches hairdrggslng
trade; manicuring, massage, etc; 1236 Mar-
ket it., cor. Jones, room 94; positions secured
at highest wages; day and eve. class: call.
MIDDLE-AGED women to sew buttons on
shirts by hand; steady work. LEVI
STRAUSS & CO., 0CV3 Fremont St.; take ele-
vator; eee Mr. Henshaw.
WOMEN and girl* wanted to work on fruit
and canning; -cteady work; highest wages.
Apply California Canneries Co.. Brannan
ct., between Third and Fourth.
SEWING MACHINE OPERATORS AND RIV-
ETERS; NO EXPERIENCE NECESSARY;
PAID SALARY. LEVI STRAUSS - CO.'S
FACTORIES. 32 V, FREMONT ST. AND 1873
MISSION. NEAR FIFTEENTH.
WOMEN and girls to work on fruit; steady
employment; day and piece work; highest
wagea. CODE-PORTWOOD CANNING CO..
Bryant and Tenth. \
A — Girls to learn millinery now for fall season;
both seasons taught from start to finish in on*
month for Jlu; positions a* trimmers, sales-
ladles, etc., guaranteed at $10 per week up:,
day and evening class. 143 Stockton st., r. 13.
ASSISTANT cashier for part of day for large
restaurant: one with some knowledge of
shorthand preferred; no fee. 'Apply 9 a. m.
to 12 m.,. Restaurant-keepers" Association, 6
Eddy et., room 48.
WANTED— FlrM-clars corset woman; one ca-
pable of selecting goods and taking charge
of stock; state age, experience and salary
expected. Apply box 2428. Call office.
WANTED — A Blrl for necond work and watt-
ing. Call before 12 at NE. cor. Clay and
Broderlck sts.
WANTED— Pants finishers, union shop and
union wages. • Apply at 27 Geary 8t., S. N.
WOOD & CO. '
WANTED — Experienced alteration hands on
suits and skirts. STRAUSS _ FROHMAN.
107 Post Et.
GIRL. Mondays and Saturdays after business
hours; writing and sample packing. Box
2421, Call. ¦
GIRL for general housework and plain cook-
in*?: small family; good wages. 776 Mc-
Allister st. ,
WANTED— A young lady to sew ticks; one
with experience preferred. Apply Wakefleld
Mfg. Co.. 4(51 Fourth St.. Oakland.
WANTED — First-class millinery maker. Apply
between 0 and 11 a. m. at HALE BROS.'.
YOUNG girls to work on gloves; wagea from
start. CARSON GLOVE CO.. 123 Second st.
OVERSTITCII sllker on sloves: permanent po-
sition. CARSON GLOVE' CO.. 123 Second st.
APPRENTICE for hair business at G. LEDER-
EU'S, 123 Stockton st.
GIRL" wanted to assist with housework; no
children. tS20 Broderick st.
APPRENTICES — Neat sewers, ladies' tailor-
ing; paid while learning. HOEN1G. S10 Post.
WANTED— First-class millinery makers. Apply
superintendent's office. The Emporium.
WANTED — A flrst-class tailoresw to work on
custom coatp. 246 'Sutter, room 17, 2d floor.
WAITRESS In a restaurant. 1759 \' 2 Mission st.
WANTED — A girl for general housework;
wages $30. 2S74 Washington st. »
EXPERIENCED talloress on fine custom coats;
steady work; good pay. 530 Xatoma st.
BRIGHT lady or gentleman for permanent po-
sition; salary $50. 1502 Callaghan bldg.
WANTED— 2 ladies to travel with Ringling's
. show; most be stout. Bos 2430, Call.
YOUNG girl to do light housework. 511
Stockton st. :¦;¦»
YOUNG girl to assist in housework. 1340 Eddy
street. ¦' . '. ¦ .__--.
NEAT German or Swedish girl for general
housework; wages $20; 4 adults in family.
Apply 2514 any st.
WANTED — Flrst-class millinery maker; salary
- $15 per week; state experience. Box 1091,
Call office.
GIRLS — About 15, for factory work; good
wages; apply at once. AMES & HARRIS.
10C fcecramento st.
ITALIAN lady who can speak. English wanted
to travel. Apply Girls' Directory. Central
ave. and Waller st.
TALENTED amateur performer-. Apply at
Chutes C p. m. Wednesday: salary no object."
GIRL for llsht housework and plain cooking.
Apply 1545 McAllister at.*, between 9 and 12.
WANTED — An experienced girl to pack candy.
P. J. BAUM. 1144 Howard St..
WANTED — An exDerienced trimmer at Free-
ma's millinery store, 435 Geary st.
FIRST-CLASS 'button-hole maker on custom
coats; steady work. '40 Ellis Bt., rooms 43-44.'
GIRLS wanted. United States Laundry, Six-
teenth and Valencia sts. V
TWO flrst-cjass, finishers on pants. 269 Clem-
entlna St., upstairs, third floor.
WANTED— Refined ' German girl "- for upstairs
work and sewing. Apply 2010 Pacific ave. M
SEVERAL salesladies for dry; goods store in
the Mission. Box 2414. Call office.
FIRST-CLASS pager wanted. F. MALLOYE,
422 Sacramento st. *
A NURSE girl to take care of a baby. French
Laundry. 125.-. Pacific St. ' ;
LADY agents on salary. Call 9 to 5, office 53,
Columbian building, .910 Market st. : . -J
A WEEK'S news for 5 cent»— The Weekly Call.
16 pages, in wrapper, for mailing, $1 per year.
¦ '¦'-¦
HELP WASTED — 3IALE— -Con.
PACIFIC EMPLOYMENT AGENCT,
520— Sacramento St.— 520
Phone Main 11U1. Cor. Leldesdorff St.
STEAMER SAILS TO-DAT
" STEA1TER SAILS TO-DAY*
, Call early, as the S. S. sall3 this morning:
, company work; no strike: no discount
FEK 11. Fare Very Cheap. fe_ m
11 more laborers, ?51 50 and found
6 rockmen, $5» and found.
Big crowd going on the S. S. George W.
j Elder; she sails this morning; call early.
S. P. R. R- Co.'a Own Work. FREE FARE.
FEE SI.
. 10 laborers, near city; FREE FARE; FES
$1; $42 r.nd found.
BOSS HKP.E TO-DAT. "I"*
Butt- Co., Chieo. Half Fare. FEE $V
30 teamsJf-rs. laborers «ind rockmen. $67 50
to $75- ".CO mm tor Diamond Match Co *s
own work. S2 to |C 50 day. W* want SCO
men for other jobs not advertised, call and
aee us. get a free Ii3t of jobs at the
PACIFIC EMPLOYMENT AGENCT.
520 Sacramento St.. cor. Leklesdorff st. ¦
WINCHESTER Hotel, 44 Third St.. near Mar-
I ]j e t 700 rooms. 33c night: reading rooms;
1 free 'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
'. A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 10WI
Valencia st.
; HOnSES ASD WAGONS.
ON* account of golns to build, entire stock of
wagons, buggies and harness must be sold at
sacrifice. Corner 15th and Valencia sta.
FOR sale — Largest, best located stable In city.
Apply SCOTT — MAGNER. hay m ercfcjjitj.
615 SUth st. _________________
• 6 GOOD ranch mares cheap; coal wagon |30;
; peddling wagon. jZS. 78 City Hall ave.
FOR sale— Handscm* trap; cheap. Box 10SOL
Call office.
1 8 GOOD hors es for sale cheap. 327 Sixth st.
GENTLE horse; will follow you; good homa
more than price. 473 Valencia st. ,
ONE Sne buggry, fruit wagon, cart. 2d-h&nd:
new laundry wagon, cheap. 82S Harrison st.
Al EXPRESS wagon, light camplnj wagoa
and gocart for sale cheap. 532 Mission st.
UOl'SKS TO LET KIKMSHED.
A WELL furnished house, piano, 3 rooms; -ei—
sunny; fine location; 1375 Masonic ave. Apply
MADISON _ RURKE. 30 Mont-otnery st.
HOUSES TO LET.
A — PRINTED list of houses to let; send for cir-
cular. G. II. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery.
BEFORE moving get our printed list of houses
to let. BALDWIN & HOWELL. 23 Post st.
BOCSES TO LEASE: FURMSHED.
FURNISHED house; six rooms and bath;
cheap. 3033 Twenty-fifth st
LOST AND FOC.VD.
$25 REWARD for return of lady's purse. -
rings (prized as keepsakes), keys and owner'*
cards; lost Saturday on Scott St., near
Halght. 115C Scott st.
WHITE, yellow-crested cockatoo, lost near
Golden Gate Park; $25 reward for ln-
. formation or return at Cheer© Villa, corner
Fulton st. and Seventh ave.
REWARD for return of dress suit case marked
J. A. K., left at corner Page and Buchanaa
s_ . Return to Dramatic Review offlca. 29
Geary st. •
LOST — On Sunday. 23d lnst.. an Eastern Star
breastpin Leave same with A. J. SPAR-
ROW. 23 Fremont St., and receive- reward.
LOST— July 14. fawn greyhound dof. on Sec-
ond and Howard sts. Return to 214 Linden
ave. ; liberal reward.
LOST — A lady's hunting-case gold watch: lib-
eral reward. Return to E. B. MURBAT, 807
Castro st.
LOST— Silk muffler, monogram ELI: Millwood
to Sausalito. Aug. 23; reward. 141 Post st.
IT will pa.y to --Re— ember" that the California,
Watch Case Co.. 22O Sutter St.. neods ol<S
gold and silver to make n;w watch c— sea.
XiOrTS TO _GT.
LOFT to lease — 656 Mission St.. NW. corner
of Annie; light loft of 40OO square feat; pas-
senger and frelsht elevator service; will l«a»«
fcr a term; rent reasonable. SHAINWALD,
BUCKBEE & CO.. 21S-220 Montgomery st..
Mills building.
MEDICAL.
MRS. DR. WTETH. specialist for all ftoil*
complaints: Instant relief guaranteed: 39
years" experience. 728 Post st.. near Jones.
MRS. DR. KOHL, reliable specialist for all fe-
mals troubles and Irregularities; Instant re-
lief guaranteed. 10C8>4 Market St.. opp. 5Uw
DR. G. W. O'DONNELL — All who ar« side or
In trouble consult this specialist on famal«
complaints; positively corrected; the unfor-
tunate helped; the most difficult cases treat-
ed; sdvice free. Office. 101S Market st.
MRS. D. ALLEN. 111S Market — Reliable ladles*
specialist: a prfvate home before and during
confinement; best medical care; lo— fees.
A maternity villa: private: secluded: c5r."d»a-
tial. Dr. E. Funke. 1416 Eighth St.. Alameda,
! DR. ROSEN moved to 2905 Folsom St.. cor.
: 2tith; relief |10: ladies" exclusive office.
jDrs. Goodwin. T£i Turk, nr.Van Ness^ — Expert
In obstetrics, female comp. ;25 yrs. experience.
DK. and MRS. DA VIES and HINDOO HERBS;
original method of treatment. 1128 Market st.
DR. NG TOT KEE. 319 Powell »t.. opposite
Union square; all diseases cured by nerbs.
CHEAPEST a_d best In America — The Weekly
Call. 16 paxes, sent to any address in th«
United States or Canada one year for Jl.
J-1LL1A— ;K.V.
Ladies' Imported & tailored hats Just In; c_ il:
prices low to start them going; frames mad*
1 to fit the face. MME. DOSCH. 207 Post M
MISCELLANEOUS FOR SALE.
¦ BOILERS, engines. 2d-hand machinery. McIN-
TOSH &WOLPMAN. 195-197 Fremont st.
A GOOD reason to buy diamonds, watches* and
jewelry from us is that you need only pay -
small weekly payment on all purchases; all
goods delivered oa flrst payment. Call and
examine our goods, even if y<rj don't car« to
buy. LICHTENSTEIN BF.O9.. 25 Stockton.
DOES YOUR ROOF LEAK?
Repair it with elaterite; In rolls easy to lay:
needs no painting or coating: good over old
Iron, tin or shingles: best for new roofs.
ELATKRITE ROOFING CO.. 713 Market st.
A— Fine euits. $7 50; dresa pants, {2 5a Origi-
nal Misfit Clothing Parlors. 233 Kearny st..
near Bush: open to 9 p. m. Sunday to noon.
A— $3 5O DERBY and fedora hats. $1 73. Pop-
ular Price Hatters. SM> Kearny st.. near
Pine; open till 9 p. m. Sunday to noon.
A— BUYS, sells or rents gear machinery. «J- 1
glnes. boilers, water pip*, shafting pulley*.
etc. WH1TELAW. 2S3-255 Spear St.
FOR sale — One gasolln? launch, 10x43; 39
horsepower: ran be »cen at Rio Vista: good
order. P. O. box 272. Rio Vista. Cal.
SECOND machinery, boilers, engines, pumps.
wood and Iron working t-achinery.bought,.
sold and rented. H.S. WHITE. ISO- 132 Seal?.
TRY rur men's shoe* at SI and $1 60 pair;
fcot-for— shoes at $2 50: we pay expre-a
charges. 11 ¦"*! St.. Es-tm. bldg.: catalog free.
A JULES JURGENSEN 5-minuts repeating
watch: very reasonable. 10 Sixth st.
PAIR 3-ka-at diamond earrings at a bargain.
10 Sixth st. m
A MARTIN guitar for *ale at 10 SUth st W.
J. HESTHAL. ¦
CARPENTERS' and rtumNrs- tools; larg»
grinding stone. 053_Howard. _____
SEALSKIN. ?225 quality, same as new. bu 3 t
34 to 26. |flO. 10 S 1:cth gt -
TWO 5O-gallon copper caldrons. 1760 L~n!oa
street. \
AUTOMOBILE— Olds : 1*» WttnBjAl condi-
tion; used 6 weeks: $525. Apply 203 Larkln.
•ViOVIN'G pictures, magic lanterns, sale, rental:
barga Insl Eullard & Breck. 151 Post st.
MILES of pipe and fittings; all sises. EU-
GENE RILEY & SONS, 109 Vallejo st.
MOVING picture film and song slides. 109
Montgomery st.
_ *FE3— New and second-hand. E. B. BECK
* CO.. 122 Market st.
All bargains :camp stools and chairs. hammocks.
metal beds.mattres3es.J.F.Hotter.712 Mission.
Edison phonographs, records, supplies, moving
picture machines, films. Bactgalvpt. 0S3 Mkt.
GASOLINE engines, automobiles and launches,
all sixes. J. ri. DOAK. 4tf Fremont st.
SAFES — New and second-hand. THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO.. 417-423 Sacramento st.
ASK for prices on second-hand typewriters ;all
makes. ALEXANDER & CO.. 110 Moctg-y.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pagesXient to any address in th«
United States or Canada one year for $1
roetage paid. . .
MISCELLANEOUS WANTS.
TILTON wants good second-hand clathlag and
.tb_*_Tl«-t -~>a« i._ o.w «t_: »«L J««_ro_»C
|___ti-tfM_Tn_rT^i_r__wii-«i-i_i__i ~_i ¦_
A baby's a blessing-, lta mamma will declare,
Though It can't be denied It's a very great care;
So a nurse you ehoum have who Is cheerful and kind.
Who her charsre won't neglect and lmtructlona will mind.
Such a one you. can get and your heart be at rest
By an ad. in The Call, of all mediums the best.LA Elec 5a. — — SPofACa
L A Ry 5s.lU 114?i (1900) 1O7T410SH
i L A L C 6s. — — (1910) — —
Do gtd 6s. — — S P of C 6s
Do gtd 5s. — — (19C5)Sr A. — —
LAP lem 5s. — — (19C5)3r B. — —
Mkt-st C 0s. — — (1906).. :.. 107 —
Do lem 5s.ll7% — . (1912) — —
NRCfof Otis. — 107% S P C leg 3s — —
NRC(of O5s — 119 Do stmpd.lO7»4 —
1 NPCRR 58.108 108% S P B R «s. — —
.' N C P C 5s.. — — S V Wat 6s.lO« —
! N C R 5s — — Do 4s 2dm. 99^4100
iNSRBn 95 100 Do 4s 3dm. 99% —
' O O L H h. - — Stkn G&E Cs — —
,.O T CO to... — 122% U G & B 5s. — —
! WATER STOCKS.
I Contra Costa — CO IPort Costa.. — —
! Warln Co ... — — iFprina; Val.. 85 85H
! GAS AND ELECTRIC.
: Tent L t P.. 4 ¦ 4*i P P O 4 E. M —
! Eqult Gas . . — — S F Gas ... — —
! Mutual E L. 13% 14 tUkn G A E. — — >
I }'ac O Imp.. 50 ol% V G & E — . —
Bac E G & R — —
TRUSTEES* CERTIFICATES.
S F G & E. 64 — J
INSURANCE.
Flrem's Fnd. — • — ¦ |
| BAStt STOCKS.
Am Natl Bk. — 135 L P & A .. — —
Anglo-Cal . . — — *Ier Trust . .200 230
f»ank of CM. — — Merch Ex . . — —
Cal Safe D. — — 8 F Natlonl. — —
. first Nationl — - —
SAVINGS BANKS.
Cer 8 A L»: — — |Pav & L So. 05 —
Hum S & L. — — Sav Bk.. — —
Mutual Sav. — — Union T. Co. — —
8 F Say U. — — J
STREET RAILROADS.
California .. — — I Presidio .... 85 45
Deary — — I
POWDER.
Giant 67 68 iVigorlt — 8*4
SUGAR.
Hana T Co.. 50c- — Kllauea S C. — —
Hawaiian C. 43«* — Makawell C. 21% 24
Honokaa S C 13 Onomea S C. 24 —
Hutch S P C 13% 14 Paauhau S C 14\ 15%
MISCELLANEOUS.
Alaska Pack. — 150 jOceanlc 8 Co 7 —
Cal Fruit As 89 91 Pac A F A.. — —
Cal Wine As 98% — I Pac C Borx. — —
Morning Session.
Board —
10 Hawaiian Commercial A Sugar 43 50
25 8 V Water 85 12%
50 S V Water Si 25
• . Street —
40 California-street R R 200 00
50 Honokaa S Co 13 00
- Afternoon Session. ' ¦ -
Board —
5 Giant Powder Con ............ «7 50
10O Honokaa 13 U>
110,000 Sierra Ry of Cal 6s 112 00
S10.UOO S P of C 6s (190C) 107 00
20 S V Water 83 23
Street—
10 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar 43 50
• 350 Mutual Electric Light 13 50
100 Oceanic S S Co 7 25
California Stock and Oil Exchange
Oil Stock— Bid. Asked.
Cariboo Oil Co T5 80
Four Oil
Hanford Oil ..,..133 00 130 00
Home Oil 115 120
Imperial Oil • . 19 00
Independence Oil 17 18
Junction Oil 20 21
Kern OH ....»«.. 5 00 5 50.
Lion Oil :....... 0.1 .04
Monte Crlsto Oil 65 70
Monarch Oil 53 54
Oil City Petroleum 29 30
Peerless Oil .........:. 1350 1400
Reed Crude Oil 41
Pan Joaquln Oil "5 50 * ....
Sterling Oil 2 90 3 00
Thirty-Three Oil 8 00
Twenty-Eight Oil , 3 50 4 23
Union Oil 68 00
United Petroleum :.'..' .... * Us 00
Went Shore Oil 300 325
Miscellaneous^ — . .
Abby Land and Impt 123 150
Alameda Sugar . . . .- 29 CO
American Biscuit 8800 9300
American' District Tel .... ....
Bay Counties Power .,,.. ....
Cal Central Gas and Electric ....
Cal Cotton Mills ..85 00 ....
Cat Jockey Club .... 105 00
Cal Powder ....
Cal Shipping Co , 23 00
Cal Title Ins- and Trust 130 00 140 00
Central Bank of Oakland.... «0 00 ¦ «... -
Chutes Company .......:... .... 8 50
City and County Bank . ....
Cypress Lawn Imp Co .... 0 50
Eastern Dynamite .......'. ....
Rwa Sugar Plantation ....
Gas Consumers' Association . . . , ' 22 50
Honolulu Sugar ./., IS 00
London and 8 F Bank (Ltd) .*... ....
Mercantile Trust ....
Northern Cal Power OJO
Nevada National Bank ..... - ¦ ' ....
North Shore Railroad 10 00 . ...
Orphcum Comnany . . : - 13 00
racMc States Tel and Tel. ..... 122 50
Continued From Page Eleven.
COMMERCIAL NEWS
TUESDAY, AUGUST 23, 1803.
E. R. Sellon to Joyce Sellon, lot on K Una
of nush street. 175 W of Franklin, AV 30 by
N CO; gift. • . !
Albert B. Poppenberg to Amelia C. Poppen
berg. lot on N line of Page street. 116 E of,
Octavia. 21:0 N 120. W 21:6, 8 120; S 10.
Harry H COsgriff to Rudolph Spreckete. lot
on N line of Pacific avenue, 173:6 W of G«ugh,
W 34, N 133 W 12, N 12:2Vi. E 42 S 51
B 4, S 01 ; ?10.
Germania Building and Loan Association to
A Le Jeune lot on N Una of Hermann street, J
112:6 E of Webster. E 25 by N 137:6; $10. !
i "Rupert and Ida Wannenmacher to Adam M. i
and .Matilda --Brutscher. lot on N line of Oak |
street, 227:6 W of Flllmore. W 35:6 by N j
137 :«; quitclaim deed", $5.
Honora A. and Elizabeth A. Buckley to ;
Clark A. Burnham lot on W line of Devisadero
street 77 N Of Turk t N 70:5. W 123. S 9:11. AV
12:6. S 60:6. E 137:6; $10.
Thomas -McGorey to Susan McGorey, lot on
SE corner Of Turk and Broderick streets, be-^
j-ing 50-vara lot 4; quitclaim deed; *1.
Moses and Sarah R. Samuel to Annlq. ana
Stella Hartman lot on W line of Baker street.
37:6 N of McAllister. N 25" by W 96:10^: $10.
Same to Alfred D. Cheshire, lot on W line
of Baker street 62:6 N of McAllister. N 25 by
w ec:io%; $io. I
James K and Isabella Fraser to Marie L. de
L. Murphy (wife of Joseph P.). lot on W line
of Shrader street. 30 S of Waller. S 30 by W
100:3- quitclaim .deed; $10.
• Mary E Maxwell to Vercln Eintracht. lot on
I NE line of Twelfth street. 137:6 NW of Fol
som NW SO by NE 75; $5.
Vereln Eintracht (an unincorporated a*socl- ;
! atlon) (by trustees, etc.) to Vereln Eintracht ,
I (corporation), lot Qn NE line of Twelfth street, ,
127-6 NW of Folsom, NW 30 by NE 7i>: also
! lot on SE line of Kissllng street, 255:11 SW !
! of Eleventh. SW 21:3 0-16. BE 80. NW 80; also
lot commencing 60:11% NW of Folsom. street ;
and 71:5 NE of Twelfth, said, point bfing on a
straight line which makes an angle of 9o de- |
grees 48 minutes with chord - connecting last ,
point on FoUom street with point on Folsom j
distant 171:9% NE from NW corner of Fol- :
so-n and TWelfth Ktreets^ NE 120:9%. NW j
lralTW ™s\v 154:11. SE 161:6%; quitclaim j
de john"J7"and Rosa Carr to William J. Carr, i
lot on W line of Shotwell street. 220 N of
Fifteenth N 25 by W 120; $10.
- William J. Carr to John J. and Rosa Carr,
""Beslrt^F? ONEUHly to William F. Sawyer
lot on E line of Church street 94:0- N of
Sixteenth. N 25 by E 125; also- all rights as
widow of Patrick J. O Rellly. deceased; $10.
WlUlam F. Sawyer to Mary K. Caldwell,
"jaines F. Lawler to Henry H. Pnulsen. lot
on SE corner of Nineteenth and Eanches
streets E 103 by S 57; $650.
Frances J. and Julia C. Griffin to Paula E.
Oden lot on 8 line Of Twentieth street, 431
E of "Castro E 25 by S 114; $10.
William G. and May H. Wheeloek to Clar
ence B Sloan lot on W line of Hyde street,
04-2 S or Chestnut. S 36:8 by W 110; $10. i
Ugo Wzil to Teresa- BlMl, Jot On W line
of Hyde street. 112:6 N of Jackson, N 32:6 by
W 137:6; gift. ' '¦ •
George and Kate Ryan to Frank A. Schaum
leffel, lot 'on E line of Condon strtet, 49 N
of Peralta avenue. N 25. by E 70: $10.
Union Trust Company of BanTionclsco to
George H. Bean, lot on W line of Twenty
seventh avenue, 125 N of California street,
N 25 by W 120; ?10. - p
City and County of San Francisco to W. V.
Huntington, lot on SE Corner of B street and ,
Tenth avenue. E 240, S 10:4, W 242:1%; $- .
Hannah P. Stearns to Carlton W. Greene
and Rose C. Smith, lot on N line cf L street,
S2:G AV of Twenty-seventh avenue, W 60 by
N 100; $10. •
Union Park Land Company to Edwin
Schwab lot on NE corner of Diamond and
Wilder streets. E 50. N 57.42, SW 53:0. S
40:11. lots 1 and 2, block 2, Falrmount Exten
sion Homestead Association: also lot on-E line
of Diamond street, 40:11 N of Wilder, NE
53:6, N 53:02, SW 63:6, 8 53:02, portion block
'2 same to maintain electric road on latter;
|1 1 x- - . ,
Mary C. Button to Mary C. Sutton, lot on •
HK line of Laldley street. 1SS SW of Roanoke.
SW 25 by SE 100, lot 2«, block 3, Mission
and Thirtieth Streets Homestead: sift.
Amelia A., Edson AV. A. and Seymour
AVattrhmise and Nelly A." Dorn to Ftd^ral Se
cunty Company, lot In Masonic Cemetery; $10.
Builders' Contracts. <
Loufs Knutsen (owner) with Fred.. Hauser
(contractor), achitect All work for & two
story and basementJ frame building on lot on '
B line of Liberty etreet. 223 E of Guerrero E
25 by S 115. Mission block 73; total $6300.
AV. li. GUdden (owner) with J. C. Bateman
(contractor), architects Bliss & Faville — All
work for a three-story office building on corner
of Second and Mission streets; total, ,$030o.
E.R. Dimond (owner) with R. C. Stiller
(contractor), architects Henry H. Meyers and
C.- R. Ward— Alterations and additions to a ;
frame residence at 2204 Pacific avenue; total, i
«1450. H • j
' x . Alameda County. '
Mary D- Murphy to Minnie H.,Bayley (wife ;
of Alfred), lot on E line of Walsworth avenue, !
125 N of Santa Clara (Moss) avenue, N 30 by .
E 126.25, lot 5, block H. ingp or resubdl vision ,
of blocks G and H, Flint T"ract, portion of ,
Oakland Heights v (recorded August 24, 1903). ;
Oakland; $10. > .
Philip and Belle Aspinwall Or Aspeawall
(wife), to Rosa E. White, lot on NW line of .
Oakland avenue. 010 H of its Intersection with '
SE line of Walsworth avenue, NW 90. NE 60, •
SE 84.91 8 W 50, block B, map of lands of •
Oakland View Homestead Association, Oakland; •
$10.-; ':*'- ¦ ' ¦ '- - ' " •¦¦••¦'..¦¦¦ . . . . - ¦ - .- I
Sarah H. McMahon (Smith) to John William <
Gaunt,'- lot beginning 100' SW from of '
Durant- street and Broadway, said pptnt being <
mnrk dividing lln« between lots 3 and 4, thence <
NE 25, AV 181:5, S 25:11. E 174:8; being s <
25 feet Of lot 4, block A, Fountain place. Oak- <
land; $10. " * .<
C. O. and Maria M. E. Rode (wife) to J. M. «
Bartlert, lot on I SE corner ! of Temescal - and <
Telegraph avenues (since widening). 1 S 73 by <
E 95, portion of lots 5 and 6, Temescal Park, 1
Oakland; $10. / ; -.•.- ]
Eduard Neucbaumer to Anne . Neuebaumer, (
lot 4. block B, map of Major Given Tract, Oak- 1
land; $5.- -.'• ' 1
Andrew K. Weir (single), to Abraham Smith. I
lot on NW corner of Brush and Second streets J
N 25 by AV 85,. block 101. Kellersberger's Map, I
Oakland: $10. V ~ f- ¦•- > I
Howard L.j and Elsie K. Osgrood to A'lctoririi* (
T. Anthony (widow), »11 Interest In lot on S I
BEAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Paraffin* Paint .'..«.'»•«••«« S3 CO ...a
Postal Davic* and Imp.,,.... .... ....
Ban Francisco Dry Dock.... 47 00 .... '
Sauaallo Land irui Ferry.... 13 00 ....
Sperry Flour Company ..... 27 60 SO 00
Standard Electric ... ....„« .... 13 CO
Truckee Electric ............. 13 23 13 GO
Union Sugar 22 5O ...»
United Gas and Electric... 34 50 ....
Western Fish Co..... « .... ....
SALES. *
Morning; Session.
Board —
60 North Shore- Railway 10 0©
95O Oil City Petroleum 29
100 Home ...._.........,._.. 1 15 '
800 Home 1 mj
100 Home .......«•. 120
¦ 100 Independence ....1....... 17
200 Monarch ."::
1000 Lion ................ ............ ii. ;
100 Monte Crlato 65
Street — ' -
100 Home, s 90 M ~ MMMMMM 1 10
100 Home, a 30 1 1O
600 Horn* m. ] 12U
1100 Occidental ~... 13
Afternoon Session.
Board—
1 Hanford .........................131 00
6 Hanford .*,... ............ .......13.", no
350 Homo 1 IT'
200 Home ,...,..._ 120
100 Home, s 90 1 17Va
300 Chicago Cruda 19
100O Reed Crude; 41
200 Tolteo 20
600 Superior ......................... OS
f Street —
000 Home- «... , 1 13
Mining Stocks.
SAN FRAXCISCO STOCK EXCHANGE.
Following win* th« sales on the San Fran
cisco Stock and Exchange board yesterday:
Morning Session.
300 Belcher SlilOO 8aras» 2«
400 Con Cal ft Va.l 55: 200 Sierra NVrada. OT
100 Imperial O4J10O Utah ......... 23
100 Mexican 1 10,100 Tallow Jacket. 54
100 Overman 2?l
Afternoon Session.
100 Con Cal A Va.1 50 400 Utah ......... 20
lOQ Savaga 2« 1 00 Union „—..„ es
COO Tallow Jacket. 67 100 Caledonia .... 87
200 Utah 21 100 Silver Hill..- H
PACIFIC STOCK EXCHANGE. '; • °
Following were th» sales on th» Pactflo Stock
Exchange yesterday:
Morning Session.
300 Belcher 81) S00 Oreraaa .... 2T
200 Con Cal & V.I sol 300 Beg Belcher.. 11
800 Crown Point. 13 200 Segr Belcher.. 10
200 Gould & Cur. 32 200 Sierra Xev... «M
100 Mexican ...1 07^ 100 Union Con... K*
. 100 Ophlr 1 62H I 800 Tel Jacket.... ST
Afternoon Session.
200 Andes 16 300 Sa-rag» ...... ' 25
100 Caledonia ....- 0« 200 Sierra Ner..,- CJ»
100 Con C & V.I 62 »4 200 Union Con... 67
300 Gould & Cur. 82 300 Utah ........ 21
300 Potosl It). 200 Tel Jacket.... 67
TONOPAJT MININO EXCHANGE.
Following- were the sales on th» San Fran
cisco and Tonopah Mining Exchangs yesterday:
Morning Session. .
600 Reacn* 10/
¦'-'.//I* Afternoon Session.
T00O Esperaaza ... 03 200 Rssons ...... It
100 Gipsy Queen.. S6 100 Toa & CaJ... 33
100 Pin* Grovo... 64
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
TUESDAY. Aug. 23 — 4 p. m.
Bld.Ask. Bid. Ask.
Alpha. _.,... 07 00 Imperial __. 03 04
Alta M 05 07 Julia ...7.... — 02
Andes 15 171 Justice 10 14
Belcher 30 32- Kentuclt C2 0.1
Best & Belch. 1 70 1 7.V Mexican 1 03 1 10
Bullion — 04; Occidental ... 41 43
Caledonia .... 06 1 ©O Ophlr \1 Ml "D
Challeng* .... 20 20. 1 Overman .... 26 28
Chollar 18 18! Potosl 16 1»
Con Cal A Va.1 60 1 55, Savage 24 2.1
Confidence ... 03 1 05 Beg Belcher ..09 11
Crown Point.. 15 16 Sierra Nevada M «V
Exchequer ... ©5 ©flj PUver Hill ..71 72
Gould & Cur. 32 34' Yellow Jacket 6S CO
'Hale & Norcs 43 45 Union t>7 C8
TONOPAH MEME3.
Bld.Ask. Bld.Ask.
Esperansa ... 03 04iTon A Cal... 30 3.t
Gipsy Queen.. 26 27 j Ton Fraction. — 7?i
MacN'amara . 15 20iTon £ Gt W. — 10
Mlzpah Ex .. — C3lTon Of N*v..« 00 7 2T>
Mont Ton ...1 C3 1 10 Ton N Star.. 41 *<:
Paymaster ... — 23, Ton Midway. — SO
Pine Grove... — io Ton A S Laka — 25
Rescue 00 Ton... 13 —
Ton Belmont.1 75 1 901
line of Central avenue (Twelfth street). 180 "W
1 of West ¦treet, S ICO. W 25, N 4:«tf, W 73:1*4.
N 110:3%, E 110:8. block 151, him map, Oak
land; front.
i Mary F. McSorley or McSorly t© Theodora
* Barnewltz. lot on B lla» ot Claremoat avenua
(Telegraph), 260.50 S of Clifton. S BO. 8E
i 298.81. NE 62.57. NW 282.56. lot 19. block H.
map of subdivision of portions ot block* H and
I. Vernon Park Tract 1889, Oakland; $30.
Frederlke Schlund (widow) to Frank W.
Leavltt, lot on E line- of Linden stwet, 270 N
of Eighth, N 39:8 by B 128, block J, Market
street Tract. Oakland: $10.
George H. and Katberlne Maxwell (wife) to
i Frances A. "Weidler, wlf« of Charles I_. lot on
! NW 'corner of ChaHnlnr way and Warrins
street. N 150 by W 50, lot 36, map.Benton
property, Berkeley; $100. _ .
John and Alfaretta Stono (wife) and John
H. and Etema Helwig (wife) to Otto Waalanfl,
, lot on W line of Sixth street. 100 N of Bristol.
N 33 by \V 131, block 75. Tract B. Berkeley
Land and Town Improvement .Association,
Berkeley; $10.
8. F. and Ellen Sinclair (wife) to California
Bank, lot of SW corner of Lawrenc* and Hep
burn streets, S 150 by W 100. lot 14. Ghlrar
delll Tract, near Fruit-ale. Brooklyn Township,
quitclaim deed; $15.-
Joseph "Westall (widower) to Charles B. Sne
ereen. lota 21 to 23. block A. Laurel Grove
Park. Brooklyn Townab.Jp: $10.
David Pulhamus t» Hannah H. Pulbatons,
lot on N line of Pacific a-enue. 60 W of Oak.
W 50 by N 150:2, lot 8. block 39. lots adjacent
to Enclnal, Alameda; gift.
Thomas B. Morgan to Mary B. Morsan
(wife) lot on 8 lln* of Callan avenue. 100 E of
Pelton. NE 100 by 8E 115. San Lcandro, Eden
Township; also lot on S line of Callan avenue,
158:9 W from W line of alleyway separating
land formerly of S. Huff, from land purchased
by Alexander Edward from J. B. Ward et al,
W 45:9 by 9 150, San Leandro, Eden.Town-
Webber to O. C. Miller lot on N lm.
of W Fifth street, 414 E of Adeline. E 89 by
N 102, Oakland: $10. ,, v v*.» T -n-
Hush and Lucy V. Crummey (wife) to Julius
A. Crist, lot on S line of Central avenue. 275
E of Hiith. E 60 by S 123:6, lot 39, Hawley
Tract. Alaroeda; $10. •
Same to same, lota 30 and 31. J> lock .^maP
Snyder and Montgomery subdivision or portion
of Temescal Park, Oakland; $10. -
F A and Mae O. Losh (wife) to same, lot
on NE line of Olive avenue. 150 SB ol If 1 **
avenue. SE 60 by NE 100, 16ts 83 and 84. block
C, map'Sather Tract. Oakland Township: $10.
F. X. Olanle to Eugenia Olanie (daughter),
lot on N corner of Twentieth avenue and E
Sixteenth. NW 60 by NE 140, lots 11 and I 12.
block 83. San Antonio. Kast Oakland; gift.
Stephen D. Harris (widower) to Michael A.
Mclnnls. lot on W comer of B Sixteenth street
and Eighth avenue. NW 100 by BW 60. block
71. Clinton. East Oakland: $10.
i John Tuohy to A. J. Mervy lots 12 and 16.
block F. map Tuohy's Second Addition to *>er_e
ley, Oakland Township; $10. k >j^ !
Anna C. and R. B. Kachleln (husband) to
Frank E. Wyse. lot on W line of Trement
street. 84.22 S of Woolsey. S 42. W 112. N
30 62 E 112.57. lot 1. block 3. map blocks 3
and 4. Berkeley Park, portion plats 01, etc.,
B j rk p e3 and Mary E. McMullen (wife) to Gert
rudeBrown (wife of Elmer), lot 44, block 2,
map Grove Street Line Tract, Berkeley; $10.
Mary H. Buck (wife of J. J.) to Mary F-
Rice (wife of Richard J.), lot 41. block 2.
map ssme, Berkeley: $10.
Myer E. and Adele S. Jaffa, (wife) to Sigma
Chi Hall (corporation), lot on NE corner of
Bowdltch and Haste streets, N 60 by B 125.
and Improvements, Berkeley; $10.
Mary E. Raymond (widow) and AUc« U
and Frederick H. Clark to Jerome C. Fort,
lot on E line of Piedmont avenue. 240 N of
Derby street. N 70 by E 135. portion lot 5.
block 6. map property of John Kearney, etc..
Berkeley; $10. •
C. E. or Charles E. Brakenrtdge and Laura
E. Brakenbridge (wife) to L. C. Brakenrtdg*
(widow) lots 6 7 and S 20 feet of lot 3, In
block 3, Graves and Taylor Tract, Berkeley;
|10
Kate M. Perrln (widow) and Anita. D. Perrln
(single) to James R. Little, lots 17 to 23 and
25 to 32. block 1. map property and location
Spaulding Tract. Berkeley; $100.
Lena and Edward H. James to Dennis Mc-
Carthy, lot on W line of Frnltrale avenue,
181.30 S of Huff avenu* or county road, 1540
S. 160 NW, 440 to center Bausal Creek, thence
up center said creek, following; meandering*,
to point from which line drawn SE and pro
duced E to W line of Frnltvale avenue would
intersect same at beginning, thence SE 430 to
beginning. Brooklyn Township; $10.
George H. and Nancy E. Lee (wife) to Char
lotte E. Bullard, lot on 8E line of Peralta
avenue, 110 NE of Jones street. NE 105 by
SE 115. lots 16 to 18. Gallndo Tract, Brooklyn
Township; $10.
Samuel A. and Carra Byrne (wife) to George
H. Lee. lot on E line of Merrill avenue. 125
B from S Una of county road, Oakland to
ban Leandro, S 37 :C by E 125. .lot 32 and
portion 31 block 6, map subdivision of portion
of block 6, Father Tract. Frultvale, Brooklyn
Township: $10.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, AUGUST 26, 1903.
13
MONEY TO XX>AN.
AAA— HERMAN MURPHY.
601-<i02-t>03 Examiner building.
Quick settlements; no disappointment.
Save expenses by dealing directly.
Estates, second mortgages, undivided lnter-
«?t£. aselrnsients of rents, property in trust,
etc; legacies, life rotates and undivided in-
terests in property purchased.
Courteous treatment. Strictly confidential.
When You Need Money
See HERMAN MURPHY.
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal advancer on diamonds Jewelry, at
lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store. 846
Market et.; teL Main 1644. Branch. 19 Third.
MONEY loaned to salaried people, retail mer-
chants, te_raFters. boarding-house*, without
fcecuritv; easy j-ayments;- largest buslntss la
46 principal cities. Tolman. S53 Parrott bldg.
A — 1 per cent on furniture or plano:no rerapval;
no commission ; no publicity; $25 up: quick,
quiet, confidential. _<> Montgomery St.. r. 7.
MUNICIPAL LOAN OFFICE. 103 Grant ave.,
LOANS FROM fl TO f 10,000.
AT cut calec on real estate, furniture or pls.no;
no commission. E. \V LI«"K. 1«-KW Mutual
Sav. Bk. bid., 7C8 Market; phone Main Sift. !
S. T. DISCOUNT AGENCY— Loans to Marled
people on their note.
THE TOUgLEY CO 143 Phflan Blflg-
MONEY to loan on low interest: gold, silver,
diamond*, pearls and precious Ktones bougbt
at W. J. HESTHAL'S. lO^ixthjst;
MONEY loaned to F£larled employes. O. W.
MILLER, room 74. f.fth floor. Chronicle blCg. I
ONE per c«nt on furniture: $r. s month on each ¦
flOOO; any tecurUy. Ml Montson-.ery. ~>- * 6 - |
S% ON furniture Z pianos : '$ir. up; no removal; j
V. -REMAIN, room »1. *> Eddy «*-. noor *-
ALL loans on diamond* an(S Jewelry 2 t* r ct *} \
K-.O. P. F. Collateral l»an Bar.k. MS Kes.rn>. j
STAR I^vk-. Co of Wyoming loans money to ;
Mlarl^mp^y^^»LMBtual S> v. Bk. bid.
CASH leaned salaried r*r. r !e on not-s ~"hout
lndorser. MOHHKL1,. <X^ Examiner bldg.
" MtSICA-, J^^^\ lliSTS ' ______
AKOSO DCS BARGAINS ARE:
3 c_ck-rian * lj0 - * 185 ' *?£ !
l FU-btr; upright ¦?«* j
1 je-»eu: ni»ho_an> ; -tew .••¦;.'» J
1 hc'jsatfer; m_h. eany; new V • "." «.,?! i
2 e_— *— «»• f"?i
2 Stein way V«£- . ' i«V-
3 Heine «-"> to $^» I
_5 •quara * 15 t0 f i-t
7 organs «10 to $75 j
P.er.ts (2 up allowed on purchase; install- j
mer.ts *4 up; piano player* from $»<J up: |
new pianos from $117 up. HEINE PIANO
CO.. 135-237 Oeary **¦• agents for the Gab- I
ler. Krcll, Steerr. et-.
A SMALL walnut Emrrscn upright, absolutely
'Ike new, J1S5. 2-7 G^ary et^ '
STEIXWAY uprlf ht. left by private party,
$ 165; a great bargain. 237 Gear?- st.
A FEW upright h&r*r_ins from $70 up, compris-
ing each makes a* Cblckerir.g. Jaectescn. j
• Vow. Sterling. Knabe. Fischer. Schwechten.
Wescr, Schuman and other*; eaey payments.!
BENJ. CURTAZ & SON. 16 O'Farrcll Et. ; no
branches in Kan Francisco^
WE have a few snaps this week that are
very teciptlnr and we can eave you big
money on a good piano; tome early. THE j
ZEXO MAUVAIS MUSIC CO.. 7C9 Market. ;
BAND in*trun-.entf ; F. Besson. Paris, maker, j
Gus Maiwald. Ajrt. Pac. Coast. _7S OFarre'.l; ,
skillful repairing; 1'd-hand instruments sold, j
BARGAIN— Star.^ar.i make upright; good con- ,
dltion. SCHMIT2 & CO- 10 McAllister St. ;
Unredeemed storate pianos and furniture dirt [
cheap. Whitehead'e Storage, 1G36 Market.
BEAUTIFIL S-pedal Pteinway upright piano; (
perfect order: sacrifice. Keeffe'i-.-SS OFarrell. !
BUY direct from the factory and save 50 per j
cent. HORNUNG. _1C McAliiFter ft. (
KOHLER & CHAPE, !V> OTarrcll st.; largest J
and oM^t riar.o house. '•
BEST renting- ~?:ano in city for J3 per tnoath. j
• PCOTT-CURTAZ PIANO CO.. t«53 Hayesjst. j
SOHMER, Fyrcn Mauzy pianos, Cecilian piano i
flayer. BYRON MAUZY. 308-312 Post gt.
tVPERIOR vioMna, «ither«. oli and new. H.
MT'LLER. rr.skfr. repairer. S Latham place.
.OFFICES A.XO STOKES TO LET.
EMMA S-PRECKEL6 building, 027 Market et—
Office to let; rent $15; light, heat. Janftor and
telephone. ASHTQN & GARDINER:
~~~ PERSO.VALS.
A— FACIAL BLEMISHES REMOVED.
¦ Wrl-kie*, yeilow and Cabby skin, birthmarks,
Erc-Hfox piuinfs and scars scientifically re-
moved without cutting, m_ffmge. electricity or
zne£iei_es; spec— it demonstrations this week.
Call or write CR. L. WILLIAMS, 571 Gear}-.
THE Star lialr U*ir.efiy restores gray hair. Im-
prove* it* growth .stops falilng;cures danii _n
ar.3 Itching tcalp; no stain or stickiness;
cleanses ecalp:sit druggists', hairdressers' ;ac-
cept no substitute. Star Rem*KiyCo.,C»>5C»eary.
WANTED— 777 Udles with scalp diseases; loss
o* hair end prematurt graynets prevented.
(Can treat by tr.ail. Blankn lor rtarap.) Con-
pultatlon free, fc:30 to 0; Sundays. 10 to 12.
Prof. "GEO. A. CABLOW. Specialist, room
21J\ 937 Market *t."
TO whom It n_ty concern — I will not be re-
epontlble for any debts contracted by my
Mrtfis ironi this date, August 22. 1003. ED-
WIN K. BELCHER.
NOT hew cheap, but how grxxl, is the motto of
the manufacturers K of the Rspld Rotary
Htar.ditriS. the Bewing-tnachlne cf to-day. J.
W. EVAKS. -Kent, 1C_1 Market st.
PHYSICIAN, 15 years' experience, cures per-
manently morphine, or^aine habit. Call or
sddrew Central Pharmacy, 201 Grant ave.,
corner Sutter «.. ; fee moderate.
DRINK Cof-farin, the best cereal coffee on
earth, rich la flavor, abeo'u'.ely pure and
nourishing; «j_i{.csed entirely of superior
grains and figs.
£>ANCINQ Tuesday. Thursday, Saturday and
-^undty evenincs at Teutor.Ia Hall. Howard
St.. near Ninth; asnagctnpnt Prof. Foster.
AT Ions than cox, uncalled fcr suits, overcoats
«nd trouper*, at CHAIiLES LYONS', L.r.doa
Taller, 721 Market Ft.
THE hie-best price paid for ladles' cr gents'
cart-off clothing and all articles of value at
WEINHERG'S, 114A Ellis St.
ELEGANT suite on ea*>- installmentf; 00 cents
and up per week. LEON LEMOS. 11_7 Mar- j
REAL. ESTATE CITT— -FOR 8ALB.
HEADQUARTERS FOR PARK LOTS!
$500 to f 1200— Only' graded lots fronting
boalevard, ocean and park. Unobstructed
%-iew fronr every lot. Fronting electric cars.
Don't miss this opportunity. Easy terms.
$60 to $250 — Near ocean and park — (5 monthly.
Oceanslde branch office on 49th ave. and K st.
OPEN SUNDAYS.
SELLING FAST— SEE THEM TC-DAT.l
f500 to $1000 — New lots In Sunset District.
Graded and sewered, near cars, $10 monthly.
Sunset branch office on 9th ave., near H st.
fl50 to f200 — Level Excelsior Homestead lots
near Mlssion-st. electric cars — f 3 monthly.
Choice Richmond District lots. $10 monthly.
11000 to $3500—4, S and 6 room modern cot-
tage*. Sunset, Richmond and Excelsior
Homestead. All bargains!
Easy terms!
iEOL GETZ & SON, owners and dealers.
RoonrM, Chronicle building.
! '
CALIFORNIA ST. RESIDENCE.
PRICE.. .$4200.
VERT (rood 2-story and basement residence,
containing C rooms and bath artn 2 rooms In
basement for servants; concrete coping In j
front of house and concrete stairs leading to
front door; solid oak vestibule and oak doors;
fine gas fixtures; good hardware; good plumb,
ing; an especially well built and arranged
house, with fine southern and sunny expos-
ure; basement is plastered and floored; fine
wir.ny yard; in a coming residence location;
convenient to 3 car Unes; artificial stone
sidewalk laid. Mortgage of $2500 for 2 years
at C per c*nt can remain on this property;
therefore this place can be bought to-day for
only fl700 cash. •„ • •
THOMAS MAGEE & SONS.
Real Estate Agents,
6 Montgomery.
JOSEPH 8TRAUB. C30 Market St
(3000—2 flats, 9 rooms, basement; rear bouse
4 rooms; basement of 2 rooms; Mason and Fil-
bert us.
$8500— Goofl Income property; nice locality;
• bay- window flats; basement; sun all day;
pays over II cer cent.
Nice level lots on Eighteenth and Nineteenth
aves.; easy installment or cash; south of park;
itarlne view. ¦
$200 — Choice level lots, ready t« build on:
Excelsior Homestead; Mission; Installment.
______________ .
$100 down. bal. $20 per month; cottage 5 r.
asS b., on 2Cth st.. half block Castro-st. cars.
$250 down, bal. $20 per month; ccttage 5 r.
and b., Eanchei st. Office open on .-Sunday.
D. COFFIN & CO., 3303 Mission st.
A BARGAIN— $4250; CORNER LOT. 2 FLATS;
LOT 25x114; 184 CLIPPER ST. SEE
OWNER ON PREMISES.
¦ nm
i
$2250— MODERN 4-room cottac*. bath and
floored basement; large lot; cost $2850; must
be sold at once. 508 Jersey St.. one block
west of Castro; owner on premises; terms.
PACIFIC Heljrhts lots; marine view; SW. cor.
Scott and Filbert sts. THE MCCARTHY
CO., C4G Market st.
BEAUTIFUL 8-rootn modern residence; large
lawn- best part Pacific Heights. THE Me-
CARTHY CO.. Ct6 Market st.
NEAT and attractive Western Addition cot-
tape $4500; terms If desired. THE MC-
CARTHY CO.. «C Market st
FOR eale — House 8 rms.: high basement; sunny
side 19th. bet. Valencia and Mission; no reas.
offer refused. Stephens & Co.. Unlon-sq. Mkt.
POINT RICHMOND REAL ESTATE.
WATER front lots and bargains: all tracti;
map*, photo*, etc. BELL. 417 Parrott bld<-
REAL' ESTATE — Country — For Sale.
— |
ALFALFA lands, stock ranches, orchards, I
vineyards; Inspected' bargains: monthly cata- .
loroes sent free. C. M. WOOSTER CO.. 64S i
Market st. j
$2500 BUYS 120-acre ranch, near Yountvllle;
house, barn, good water; SO acres vines.
Apply or address Owner, 916 Second St.,
Napa.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
A PRETTY HOME IN ALAMEDA.
Surrounded by flowers and fruit trees; near
train and schools; only $2-S5O; lot 75x125.
Nice 5-room cottage and bath.
ALAMEDA LAND COMPANY.
Tel. Or. rtd 1461. 15QO Park St.." Alameda.
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
BERKELEY REAL. ESTATE.
AN opportunity seldom met with; I have a
n«w 2-gtory 7-rootn house. 4 bedrooms, ;
equipped with all modern conveniences, gas, I
electric lights, etc.. on an Improved street, !
only 2 blocks from the station, which I will i
cell to a reliable party on the following j
terms: flOO cash and the balance In month-
ly installments; whole price f3500.
JOSEPH J. MASON. Real Estate.
Cor. Shattuck ave. and Center. Berkeley.
FINE. new. handsome cottages; up to date; all
conveniences ; close to can; large lots; JliJu
to * l'WO; only f200 cash, balance HO 60 per
ncnth.
W. C. MORAN. Lorln station, or
C. C. EMSLIE. Afhby rtatlon.
FOR rent — On Maud ave., San Leandro; 2-story
«-room house, partly furnished, with 2 acres
land In fruit; barn and well; f200 rent per
year, payable In advance. Apply E. GRANT.
-121 Shattuck ave.. Berkeley.
COTTAGE. 3 rooms, furnished for housekeep-
ing; half block from cars and train. Inquire
cor. Rose st. and Shattuck ave.. Berkeley.
FOR HOCSEKHEPl5«Q^^
FELL, 228 — Elegant eulte, furnished for house-
keeplng; $14; bath, gas range; adults.
HERBERT (The) — Sunny apartments •¦ for
housekeeping; gas ranges; Just newly fur-
nished. 1S3Q Polk st.
JESSIE, 333 — Bunny room; running water; gas
range; furnished housekeeping; $10. ' t .
KEARNY, 104— Sunny front suite; unfur-
nlshed; newly papered; no children; refs.
MCALLISTER, 533 — Nicely furnished suite: gas
ranre. hot bath, laundry; adults; $7 to f 14.
MCALLISTER, C06 — 2 or 3 completely fur-
nished fine large sunny rooms; gas range;
reasonable. -.
MISSION, 1063— Front suite. complete for
housekeeping; other rooms $1 60 up week.
SOUTH PARK, 84 — Ono or two rooms, nicely
- furnished for housekeeping.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch otZct. 2200 Flllmor*.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at I 1098
Valencia at. ' '
gOTEIiS AITS BOAEDING-HOTTSES.
~""t^e*1princet6~n7*~ "'¦¦¦'"¦-¦-"'¦
(european plan.) .
Superbly furnished and the only high-gradt
residence hotel In the city which is operated
on the Euiowan blan. Located at No. 710
JONES ST.. bfct. SUTTER and POST STS..
and reached by three street car lines. One
hundred rooms, mostly arranged en suite,
with bath. Electric lights, steam heat, Ions
distance telephone In every suite; bllllnrd
and smoking rooms and a magnificent grlll-
_room. Rates are very reasonable.
-fABTMEHTg TO LET.
"EL MONTEREY." the city's newest apart-
ment hotel, located on the north «lde of
Pine St., between Hyde and Leavenworth; a
superb brick building ot Spanish architec-
ture; all the comforts of housekeeping com-
bined with the conveniences of hotel life; for
$30 per month you can secure here an unfur-
nished S-room apartment, consisting Of larse
. living-room with gas grate and mantel, bed-
room with bay-window and closet; kitchen
equipped with gas range, built-in ¦ china
closet and hot and cold water; bathroom
with toilet and porcelain tub (hot and cold
water); this price also includes janitor Ser-
vice night and day and night and day ele-
vator service; only ten minutes 1 walk from
Powell and Market; see these apartments
to-day. .' - ¦ -
ROOMS TO LET— Fnrn. and I'nforn.
AA — City Room Renting Agency.
1104 Market St., cor. Turk and Market sts..
Rooms 3 and 4. Phone Jessie 4471. '
FREE. FREE.
We locate you free of charge
In Rooms with or without board,
Housekeeping Rooms or Hotels.
A— BRUNSWICK House. 146 Sixths-Rooms
25c to f l_per night, $1 25 to $5 per week and ;
light housekeeping rooms; open all night.
AT "The Almonte." S7S Market st. (or No. 1
Fifth st.)— Rooms. 25c. 5Oc, fl, fl 00 night;
fl 50 to $10 week; house open all night.
ANTLERS, 415 Turk st.— Strictly modern; 4-6
room apartments; fur. or unfur. for hskpg.
BURNETT, 1420 Market— (old No. 1364)— Fur-
nished rooms, suites, single; also unfurnished.
CLIFFORD, 204 Ellis, cor.. Mason — Elegantly
furnished sunny rooms; prices reasonable.
ELLIS. li*09. near Scott — Large furnished room
for gentlemen. $8. • .
FOLSOM. 77CH — Neatly furnished room, suit-
able for 1 or 2 gentlemen; rtnt reasonable.
GRAND Southern. 7th and Mission — Rooms 5Oo
to $150 night; $2 to $3 week; reading-room.
GUERRERO, 1203. near Twenty-fourth— Four
u nfurnlahed rooms; $lft.
HOTEL GRAYSTONE
66 Geary st. ; phone Bush SSO.
Centrally located fireproof hotel; elegantly
furnished sullen, with baths and singles.
JESSIE. 350 — Nicely furnished front room for
gentleman; IT; gas, phone.
MASON, 217— Sunny rooms; quiet, itspectable
house; board optional; phone Howard 2Cno.
O'FARRELL. 20 — Sunny furnished ' rooms and
Offices; elevator; fllec. lights; day. week, mo.
SEVENTEENTH, 3.724. near Mission— To let,
3 furnished housekeeping rooms; adults; ref-
erences exchanged. '
UNITED STATES. 123 Eddy St.. near Market—
400 single and family rooms; 35c to fl night;
tl 75 to ?fi week; elevator; electric lights;
reading-room; free bus and baggage.
WINCHESTER Hotel, 44 3d st.; near Marketj-
Moit convenient ani re*pectable; 700 rooms;
85c to |1 50 night; $2 to fS. week; elevator;
elec. lights; reading-room; free bus; bapgage.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia Bt.
"~~~ ROOMS AND BOARD.
AMOY. THE 901 DEVISADERO ST.
Strictly first-class family hotel; sunny rooms,
culte or single; billiards: steam he.-it.
STEVENSON Mansion, $07 California st. — At-
tractlve and sightly rooms; best table and
service; lowest rates.
TWENTY-FIRST. 3375. near Guerrero — Fur-
nished rooms, with board; also dcuble par-
lors; home cooking.
HAYES. . 671 — Nice front room, with board,
for gentleman; private family; reasonable.
NEWLY furnished rooms with board; low rate.
S27 Mission st. ¦
ROOMS AND HOARD "WANTED.
$30 TABLE board for f20; only, first-class ho-
tels; no fake. Box 2420. Call office.
SPECIALISTS.
CATARRH, DEAFNESS and NOISES In EARS
positively cured; new method: 1 week's treat-
ment free. Dr. Cottlntcham. 204 Sutter it.
STUTTERING A>D STAMMERINtt. '
MELBOURNE System School, Van Ness and
Market: positive cure for all. Don't delay.
TYPEWRITERS AXD SUPPLIES.
GREAT^bXrGAINS IN TYPEWRITERS— We
eell better machines for lens money than any
house In the city: rentals fcl.-Th* Typewriter
lilUNO your gcode: will mbke tailored shirt
waitt. ll. The Fa»hlon, 112:» Market, bet.7_£
MRS. RUMPLE will be pie*»ed to meet old end
new irlende at her millinery pexlors._l Geary
El'ITS to ordrr on Installment*, fl per week.
N°uriau« & Pp.. merch. tallorf.727-729 Market,
ALL styles haSrtlreCTirg, 2.V; hair good*; mani-
curing. 25c. O. LEDERER. 123 Stockton «t.
TAILOR-MADE suit $7 50; dres» pants |2 50.
Mlcfit Clothing Parlor, cor. Buch and Dupont.
SUPERFLUOUS hair and moles removed by
*lectr»c needle. Dr.AMr».TTaverse,1170 Market
MASQUERADE CCTtumn, play bocks. wiirs»
country ortjerm. GOLDSTEIN & CO.. 733 Mkt
ALFREDUM'S Egyptian Henna restores gray
hair to Its natural color; fl; at all druggists'.
Fcperfluous hair and moles removed with elec-
tric needle. Mrs. & Miss Eaton. 1119 Suiter.
PALMISTRY.
MY offer to answer 8 questions closes Sept. 1;
fuJl reading- f 1. MME. DEVAE. 139 Post St..
10 to 12. 1 to C; Tues. evg.; Sun by app't.
___. ZILLAH, »cSentl_c palmist and card
reader; 25 years' experience; late of New
_«alasd and Australia. &25A Post st.
H JEROME FOEELLI. scientific palmist. 513
Taylor 1. near Geary. Phone Black 661.
PATEttHAXCIXO. PAINTING. ETC
ROOMS papered. 13 £0 up; tinting, painting.
Hartcann Paint Co.. 31ft 3a St.; tel .Main 413.
vu VS ? C A AAS •— vp . SUB< f E ?-? 8 :
DR C C. O'DONNELL — Office and residtnee,
1C21H Market et_ bet. EUth and Seventh.
BLOOD, rkin and rectal diseases a epeclalty.
tiR. BALL. 1073 H Market St.
REMOVED— DR. WONO HIM. herb doctor:
treats -11 -iaeases of the human body: fcr
past four years at 115-117 Mason; now lo-
cated at <5O"7 Geary *U. near Lcavenwort—
UP.. TONG PO CHY. eueee*«>r to Dr. Ll Po
Tal. herb doctor; cures all diseases of human
by u*e of herbs and teas. 727 Washington st.
V'ONO WOO. the famous herb doctor— All -Is.
*>ae» cured by Chinese herbs. 740-8 Clay et,
STOBAC- AND W.vltKHOCSES.
i~ , ... ;
A— EMPORIUM Storage & Van Co.; furniture,
household roods stored, moved, shipped. 725-
'11 Howard «t.. near Third; phone Grant 16L
PIERCE-RUDOLPH Storage &. Moving Co.. of-
fcce Port and Powell tti. ; tel. Priv. Ex. 571.
CON-KLIN'S storage— Furniture and merchan-
<?:se. SS3 Golgen Gate ave.; phone East 128.
COLOEN West Storage; advances made; 840
_KlCTion st.; tel. Howard Ml. F. W. Zehfuss.
PACIFIC Storar* and 5urn;ture Moving Com-
P«f.y. 232O FUlmo-e g_; phone Jackson 281.
BEKixs Van and Storage Co., 11 Montgomery
et.; to. Mala 1640. Chipping at cut rates.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE, 1118 .{ROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
BARGAIN.
Positively the most elegant Improved grounds
in Alameda County; fine 9-room residence
and barn: lot 90x150; on the west side of
Telegraph ave.
BERKELEY.
A 4-room cottage on a large lot, 80x160. This
is a snai> at $1250. -
M. L. WURTS 17th st. and Broadway.
f 275 CASH. *8 60 ! monthly; new cottage, 4
rooms, bath, pantry, closets, etc.; modern;
soil and location unsurpassed;' adjoining East
Oakland: lot 35x1 3S; more land can be hsd;
price in all, f 1250. Call or send for circu-
lar. 455 Seventh et., opp. Broadway station,
Oakland. Carriage free. H. Z. JONES,
owner.
Look AT THIS— $2650 only for a fine home of.
7 rooms and bath; better than new; lot .'Ox
127; all street work done and cement walk
' around the house, etc. Apply to P. C./ LAS-
SEN * CO.. 4'ji 10th st., Oakland. Cal.
BARGAIN— Only $1000 for a fine 6-room cot-
tage is East Oakland. P. C. LASSEN & CO..
46K Tenth St.. Oakland.- ' .- .*
OAKLAND FURNISHED FLATS.
COMPLETELY furnished flat, and lower flat
partly furnished, for adults. 541 19th at..
Oakland. ' .
OAKLAND riHMTUUE FOR SAL-.
TO-MORROW the day for bargain* in fuml-
ture. H. S?hellhaai». 11th Et..cor. stdre.Oaklnd
1'HOKJSALS.
BAN FRANCISCO, Cal., August 28, 15KB.—
j Sealed proposal*. In triplicate, will be re-
ceived here until 12 o'clock, noon, September
10. 1803, and then opened, for- furnuhing at
San Francisco, CaL, Portland, Or., or Seat-
tle or Tacoma. Wash., for shipment to Ma-
nila. P. I.. 7.800,000 pounds of hay and 7.400,-
000 pounds oats. Government reserves right
to reject or accent ahv or all bias In whole
or In part. Information furnished on applica-
tion to C. A. DEVOL. Quartermaster, Chief
Q. M.
8AN FRANCISCO. Cal.. August 22 1003.—
Sealed proposals. In triplicate- will be re-
ceive, here until 11 o'clock a. m., September
_. 1M3. and then opened for furnishing and
erecting a £0.000 gallon tank on 50-foot tres-
tle, and for removing and re-ercctlng a
30.000 callon tank, at Benicia Barracks.
Cal. Government reserves right to -reject
or accept any or all bids In whole or in
part. Information furnished on application
to C. A. DEVOL. Quartermaster. Chief Q. M.
U. S. ENGINEER Office, Flood building. San
Francisco, Cal.. Aug. 26, 1003. — Sealed pro-
posals for repairing V. B. snagboat Seller
will lw» received here until noon. September
' 26, 1903. Information on application; W/ H
HEUKR. Lleuuaant Colonel of Engineers
Exchange. 536 California; telephone Main 26(5.
A FEW good typewriters at $30 each: get par-
ticulars. L. * M. ALEXANDER. 110 Mont-
gomery Bt.
*2D-HAND typewriters sold, rented, repaired^
Webster Typewriter Inspec. Co.. 209 Sangome.
"^ MARRIAGE LICENSES.
The following marriage licenses were Issued
yesterday: ¦
Charles G. Hardy. 42, Oakland, and Mary J.
HethertnRton, 2tt. Colusa.
Gion AV. GlWon. 21. Williams, and Jessica
M. Lonjrmire, 21. Colusa. "
Isak I»ak3on, 35. 900 Filbert street, and
Anna FJallBtrom, 22, 22<5 Chattflnoosa street.
James Darwin, 43, 031 Sacramento street,
and Rebecca Garner, 42. 229 Greenwich street.
Hllmar A. Elchorn. 33, 784 Dolores street,'
and Frieda M. Marquard. 20, 1704 Waller Rt.
Norman J. Dies. 21, Berkeley, and Edith
Atthowe. 20, Berkeley.
George McC. Oswlll. 23, 470 Frederick street,
and Edna P. Matheson, 22, 470 Frederick *l.
George H. Linn, 22, 621 San Jose avenue,
and Annie F. Kogarty. 20, 310 Lanpton street.
Hugh W. Burke, 38, city, and Loerna K.
Smith. 32, city.
Jefferson Bcgrs, 21, city, and Birdie Morris,
16, city.
Elle, Ethler. 34. 1« Dehon street, and Cella
McFadden. 31>. 2023 Ellis street.
Arthur J. Holmes, 25, city, and Maggie E.
Conboy, 22, «Mty.
Giuseppe Baldlno. 60. 1103 Sutter street, and
Concatta Caruso. 2$. 1103 Sutter street.
Leu Tom. 2S. 1024 Dupont etreet. and Ah
*Gim. 23, 1024 Dupont street.
BIRTHS— MARBI AGES— DEATH,
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mall will not be inserted. They must be handed
in at either cf tin"" iir.blU-ntmn ofllccs and be
Indorsed with the name and residence Of per-
eons authorised to have the same' published.
MARRIED. \
ADAMS — KINN1B — In this city. August 24.
1903, by the Rev. John Stephens, Merrltt O.
Adams of Petaittma, Cal., and Lena Kiruiie
of Red Bluff. Cal.
EICHORN— MARQUARD— In this city.' Au-
. gust ; 25. 1903. by the Rev. J. Fuendeling.
Hlltnar A. Eichorn and Frieda Marguerite
• Marquard. ,
FEYLING — SWANSON— In I this city. Aumitt
• 22, 1903, by the Rev. E. M. Stensrud, Thomas
* Feyllng and Ida Cecelia , Swan_on, both of .
San Francisco. •
GOTTE: — BLAKER — In this city, August 24,
1903, by the Rev. J. Fuendeling, John Henry !
Gotte and Jennie E. Blaker, both of Oak-
' land.
HACKETT— ANDREW— In this city. August .
15. 1003. by tbe Rev.- Edward P. F. Dear-
born. Arthur E. Hackett, D.D.8.. and Ethel
8. Andrew.. ' - . •
HILDEBRANDT— BLOHME— In this city, Au-
gust 23, 19C3, by the Rev. Hermann Gehrcke,
Ludwlg Hildebrandt and Meta Blohme, both
of San Francisco. ...... .j
KINZEL— BOYSEN— In this city, August 20
1903, by the ' Rev. J. Fuendeling, Charles
Kinzel and Joeie A. Boysen.' ' .
McGRATH— LIEBE—In thU city, Aurust 21, |
OCEAN TBAVEL.
>^\C^^. Steamers Ieava San Fran-
— *^««Si dsco as follow*: ¦
fyrx_ . x_\ For Ketchikan. ' Juneau.
/li/^gS*tel \<A\ Halnes, S&a*~ay. etc.. Aln*-
I I VBm?_A I I ka — 11 a - m - > August 2!>,
\ \ ynpiya/ .1 Sept 3. Char.z?> to company's
W\ W Jffy steamers at Seattle.
\Q_fi__*^&y Fcr Victoria. Vancouver,
Port Townsend. Seattle. Ta-
coma. Everett. Whatcom- -
II a. m. August 29. Sept. 3. Change at Seat-
tle to this company's steamers for Alaska and
O. N. Ry.: at Seattle for Tacoma to N. P.
Ry. ; at Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
For Eureka (Hutnboldt Bay) — Pomona. 1:30
p m.. August 26k Sept. 1; Corona. 1:30 p. m..
August 29. Sept. 4.
For Los Angeles (via Port Lo» Angelea- and
Redondo). San Diego and Santa Barbara —
Santa Rona. Sundays. !) a. m. ¦ ¦ -t
State of California. Thursdays. 9 a. m.
For Los Angeles (via San Pedro and Ea*t
San Pedro), Santa Barbara. Santa Cttm: Mon-
terey San Simeon. Cayucos. Port' Iiarfonl
(San 'Luis Obispo), Ventura and Hueneme.' .
Coob Bay. 9 a. m.. August 29. Sept. 8.
Bonlta. 0 a. m.. Sept. 2.
For Ensenada. Magdalena Bay. San Jos* <J«1
Cabo Matatlan, Altata. La Paz. Santa Ro-
salia.' Guaymas (Mex.). 19 a. m., Tth of each
month
For further Information obtain folder.
Right Is reserved to change steamers or sail-
ln TICK_T OFFICES-* New Montgom-
ery street (Palace Hotel). 10 Marfeet stmt-ana
Broadway Wharf.
Freight office 10 Market street. — ;•
C. D. DUNANT* General Passenger Agent,
10 Market st.. San Francisco.
O. /?• <£ /V. CO.
"Columbia" sails An*. 31. "Georg» V?.
Elder" sails Aug. 2$. Only steamship line to
PORTLAND OR., and short rail line from
Portland to "all points East. Through tickets
to all points all rail or steamship and rail, at
LOWEST RATES. Steamer tickets include
sn^a^'s FS&g^A&SSZ
Dept 1 Montgomery st.: C. CLIFFORD, Cen.
Agt. Frt. Dept.. 3 Montgomery st. .
TOYO KISEN KAISHA,
(ORIENTAL. STEAMSHIP CO.>
Steamers wilt leave wharf, corner First and
Brann_n " reet, at 1 p. m. for TOKOH AM A
and HONGKONG, calling at Kobe <Hlogo>.
Nagasaki afcd Shanghai, and connecting at
Hongkong with steamers for India, etc. No
cargo received on board ion day of sailing.
S. S. AMERICA MARO V^",oi«
Wednesday. August 2fi. 1903
S S." HONGKONG MARU (calling at Ma- •
nila) ../..Saturday, September 10; 1903
s. s. nippon ;^^: 19M
Via Honolulu. Round-trip ticket* at reduced
rates. For fretscht and passage, apply at Com-
pany's office. 421 Market street, corner. First.
W. H. AVERT. General Agent.
AAAonfAC f_ I* A "***". Una, ant
S s SIERRA, for Honolulu. Samoa. Auck-
land and Sydney. Thursday. Aug. 27, 2 p. m.
R 8 ALAMEDA-for Honolulu. Sept. 5, 11 a.m.
S 8 MARIPOSA, for Tahiti. Sept. 20. 11 a. m.
il.|fi£t_tlJ-8JSS.C9..«jti..ftUtKta,643_artrta
Frusbtl.Sca.3Xa Sorts! JL. Par Is. I.TasifciL
COMPAGHIE OSHS&ALK TRAN3AT_A5TIQU_.
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS. _*.«».-,
Palllnff even- Thursday in«pad of **KilCE>&
Saturday, at 10 a. m.. from Pier 42, » — ¦¦*-»
North River, foot of Morton street.
First-class to Havre. *70 and upward. Sec-
ond-class to Havre. $45 and upward". GEN-
ERAL AGENCY FOR UNITED. STATES AND
CANADA, 32 Broadway (Hudson* Building).
New York. J. F. FUGAZI & CQ.. Pacific Coast
Agents. 5 Montgomery avenue.- San Francisco.
Tickets sold by all Railroad Ticket Agents.
Max* Island and Vallejo Utcamars.
Steamer GEN. FRISBIE or MONTICELLO—
9:45 a. m., 4:15 ariil 8:Ht) p. m., except Sunday. '
Sunday, 9:45 a. m.. 8;3l> p. m.~ Leave Vallejo.
7 a. m., 12:30 noon, 6 p. m.. ex. Sunday. Sun-
day. 7 a. m., 4:15 p. m. Fare. 5O centa Tei.
Main 150S. Pier 2. Misslon-st. dock. HATCH
BROS.
THE CALL'S
GREAT ATLAS OFFER
Will dose on September 24,
1003, and all holders of Atlas
Coupons are requested to pre-
sent them immediately, as this
great opportunity to secure one
of these splendid Atlases at The
Call's premium rates will be
brought to a close on Septem-
ber 24. ¦ • • -
1903, by the Rev. J. Fuendeling, Peter James
McGrath of San Francisco and Emily Llebe
of Portland, Or., •
RAD-LLr— VON • STADEN— In this city, Au-
gust 22. l»03. by. the Rev. J.- Fuendeling,
; Frank Radell and Freda von Staden." ' .-
~~ v DIED. -———-——-
Avery. Russell Koster, Henry
Bailey, Sarah A. Lloyd. Charles, r.
¦ J Berglund. Nlles"'- McMillan; Angus
Bowers, Martin L, , Mprteneen, Emma A.
; Brennan, Hanora - Newman, Joseph
' CAllaghan, Michael Oliphant, Erwln H.
Draper, Margaret Reid. Bro. Dominic
Dupas, Matilda ' Smith, Maria W.
" : Dyar, John O. • . Sproul, Andrew
' EschenburR, Herman Ktuordtmann. Julius
Fahey. William Treacy, Mary L.
Gasper, George F. Treacy, .Anna R.
Hnblch. Esperance Turel, Jean
Hahn. Arthur Watson. Annie J. ,
r Hammerschmldt. Cart ¦ AMllmott, Samuel C.
Kerrigan, Eli— beth
AVERY— In this city, August 25," 1903 Rus-
sell ¦'•Avery, eon of Francis Avery of Sausa-
llto.
I [ET Funeral and Interment Drlvate.
BAILEY— In this city, August 25, 1903, at her
! -¦ residence, 1127 Silver avenue, Sarah Ann
Bailey.
BERQLUND— In tills city,' August^ 25, 190S,
Nlles Berglund, beloved husband of Marie
Berelund, and father of Charles, Henry,
i William and Walter Berglund and the late
I ¦ John Ber»tlund and Amelia, Alma and Jen-
> nette BerglUnd. a native of Sweden, aged
«3 yearn 8 months and 7 days. (New York
, and Seattle . papers please copy.) •
(_7"Frienrts and acquaintances are respect-
fully InvJted to attend the funeral services
Friday, August 28, l»03,. al 10 o'clock, at
. the mortuary chapel of the Golden Gate
Undertaking Company. 2475 Mission' street,
I n«ar Twenty-first. Interment Cypress Lawn
Cemetery.
. BOWERS— In this city, August 25. 1003. Mar-
tin Luther Bowers, beloved husband of Mar-
tha Bowers, and brother of Harry Bowers,
a native of Pennsylvania, aged 43 yeans and
25 day p.
BRENNAN— In' this city, August 25, l»03.
Hanora Brennan, dearly beloved sister of
Mrs. M. Franks and Mrs. H. Barry, a na-
tive of Ireland.
O*Frlend« and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral Thursday,
A us uk t 27, 1903, at 9 o'clock, from the resi-
dence of her sister, Mrs. M. Franks, 08 Fill-
more street, thence to Sacred Heart Church,
where a requiem high mass will' be cele-
brated for the repese ot her soul, commenc-
ing at 9:30 o'clock.- Interment private. Holy
. Cross Cemetery. Kindly omit flowers.
CALLAGHAN— In this city, August 25, 1903,
Mlchaei, beloved husband of Ellen Cal-
laghan, father of James, Thomas. and Mar-
tin Canadian. Mrs. E. O'Connor, Mrs. J.
Sweeney and Mrs. M. Galvln, and uncle of
John F. and Michael J. Brown, C. Shea, !
Mrs. M. J. Brown *nd Mrs. William Mur-
ray, 1 a native of Tralee, County Kerry, Ire-
land, aged 77 years.
£X Friends are » respectfully invited to at-
tend the funeral to-morrow (Thursday), at 9
o'clock,, from bis late residence, 281 Thir-
teenth street, -corner of Mission, thence to
¦ St. Charles Borromeo's Church, where a re-
quiem high mass will be celebrated for the
repose of his soul at 9:30 o'clock. Inter-
ment Holy Cross Cemetery. No flowers.
DRAPER--lh this elty, August 23. 1903, Mar-
garet Draper, dearly beloved wife of T. . B.
Draper, loving mother of Joseph Draper, and
sinter of Mrs. Hannah Bagley and T. J.
Crowley, a native of County Cork, Ireland,
aged 53 years 1 month and 19 days.
ICT Friends and acquaintances are respect-
• fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 9 o'clock, from the residence
or her sister, Mrs. Hannah Bagley, 13:10
Folsom street. betw%en NlntM and Tenth,
thence to All Hallows Church, corner N
street and Sixteenth avenue south. South
San Francisco, where a requiem high mass
will be celebrated for the repose of her soul,
commencing at 10 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross - Cemetery.
DUPAS— In this city. August 25, 19«4, Ma-
tilda Dupas, beloved wife of John Dupas,
beloved mother of Alice Dupas, sister of
Pierre Ducheln. elster-In-law or Mrs. P.
Ducheln, and aunt of Mr. and Mrs. Eugene
Gassmon, Mr. and Mrs. A. Bouyssou, Eu-
gene Cerceat and Eueene Ducheln, a native
. of France, aged 45 years.
Cy Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral Thursday,
August 27, l»03, at 1 o'clock, from, her late
restdence,. 7T4 Broadway, thence to French
Church of Notre Dame dea Vlctolres, where
services will be held, commencing at 1:30
o'clock. Interment Holy Crons Cemetery.
DYAR— In San Rafael, August 24, 1903, John
Ongood, beloved husband of Marietta Dyar,
and brother cf P. M. Dyar of Ontario, Cal.,
Mrs. J. E. Turner and Mrs. E. Stockbrldge
of Massachusetts, a native of Phillips, Me.,
aged 58 yearn.
CTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral Thursday,
August 27, at 1 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 220 E Street. San Rafael, thence to
First M. E. Church for services by the Rev. j
Dr. Oxnard. Interment Mount Tatnalpais i
. Cemetery,. San Rafael, Cal. Please omft'-l
flowers. . .
ESCHENBURG— In tillroy, August 20. 190.1,
Herman Rodney, belcved husband of Georglc
Eschenburr, father of Rodney Eachenburg.
son cf Rodney and Louise Fschenburg, and
brother of Mra. Matthew McOurrie, a native
ot Gtlroj-, Cal., aged. SI years.
FAHEY— In this cfty, AUguM 25. 1WW. Wil-
liam Fahey, beloved husband of Delia Fa-
hey. and loving father of William T.. Mary
W.. .Arthur E... Katherihe E.. Sarah A..
Theresa ' M., Francis J., Albert. Herbert. I
. Evelyn and the late James F. Fahey. and j
brother of Mrs. John *McDonou_h, a native j
of the parish .of Balllnakili, County Galway,
Ireland, aged 5<l years and 5 months. •
t_TThe funeral will take place to-morrow |
(Thursday), at 3:45 o'clock, from the parlors I
of J. C. O'Connor & Co., 767 Mission street,
thence to St. Patrick's. Church, where a re-
quiem masa will be. celebrated for the repose
of his soul at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
GASPER— in this city, August 24, 1903. George
Frnncln, beloved husband of the late Lucy
G.---T, fattier of Lulu, Ida, Frank, Jessie
n- :va Gasper, and brother of William,
li. .- and Charles Gasper and the late Mrs.
B. Cildey and Mrs. H. Belton. a native of
San Francisco, aged 45 years. (Blsbee, Art*.,
and Sacramento papers please copy.)
E7"FrlendH and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors
of the United Undertakers, SOU Mission
street, between Fourth and Fifth, where
services wilt be held. Interment Laurel Hill
Cemetery-
HABICH— In this city, August 24, 1903, Es-
perance, beloved wife of the late Charles M.
Hnblch, a native of Paris, France, aged 06
years.
ICTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
Friday, August 28. 1903, at 2 o'clock, at the
mortuary chaoel of J. S. Godeau, 305 Mont-
gomery avenue. Interment Laurel Hill
Cemetery.
HAHN— In this city, August 25, 1003. Arthur.
Hahn, infant son of Felix and Anna Hahn
of Mill Valley, a. native of San Francisco,
aged 21 days. . .
HAMMERSCHMIDT— In this city, August 25.
1903. Carl H. F., beloved Son of Anna M.
and the late Ferdinand Hammenschmidt, and
brother of Willie HamrnerschmWt, a native
of San Francisco, aged 25, years 2 months
and 10 days. A member of the Teamsters'
Union. ¦ • ¦ /
C7Frlends and acquaintances and mem-
bers of the Teamsters' Union are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 2 o'clock, from the funeral
parlors of McGinn Bros., 224-226 McAllister
utrcet. Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery. -
KERRIGAN— In this city, August 23. 1903.
Elizabeth KerrlKan, • beloved sister of Kate
Kerrigan and Mrs. Mary Leahey, a native
of County Wenttneath, Ireland, aged U4 years.
(New Orleans and Alexandria, La., papers
plt-ase copy.)
(ET Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited ! to a"ttend the funeral to-day
(Wednesday).' at 8:15 o'clock, from the par-
lore of Theo. Dlerks, 957 Mission ntreet,
thence to St. Peter's Church, where a solemn
| requiem muss will, be celebrated for the re-
pose of her soul, commencing at 9 o'clock.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
KOSTER— In (his city, August 24. 1003 at
his residence, C07 Powell street, Henry, be-
loved husband of Lena Kosler, father of
Anna M.. Frances. M. and Irma F. Koster,
. and brother of Herman Ko«ter and Albert
Koder of New York, a native of Germany,
aged Mi years 10 months and 1 day.
[uT'Friends and acquaintances arc respect-
fully - Invited to -attend the funeral to-day
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, from I. O. O. }r.
Hftll, corner Seventh and Market streets, un-
der the auspices or Harmony Lodge No. 13,
I. O. O. F. Interment Cypress. Lawn Ceme-
teryr-by electric car from Eighteenth and
: Guerrero. streets.
LLOYD — At *ea, *,Aunuit 67 1903. on board
sttatttFhlp Korea, Charles Rees Lloyd, aged
68 years.
(L^Funeral services Wednesday, August
2(5, 1903. at » o'clock", at St. Mark's Church,
Berkelty.; liUerment - private.
MCMILLAN— In this city, August 24. 1903, An-
gus McMillan, a native of ¦ Scotland, aged
74 years. ' ;
MORTENSEN— In Oakland, August 24, 1003
Emma A., beloved wife of J. T. Mortensen'
mother of Elitabelh Mortenaen, and- grand-
daughter of Mr. M. II. Schramm, a native of
HENRY J. CALL AC HER CO.
(Successors to Flannagah - _ Gallagher >
DANIEL P. DONOVAN, Mgr,
FUNERAL DIRECTOR- AND EMBALMERS.
20 Flftb St., opposite Lincoln School.
, . . • ... Telephone South 80.
UNITED UNDERTAKERS.
'Director* and Embalmera _.
Formerly in * Metropolitan Temple.
. Now.ni 8W MISSION. Tel. South 167.
Between Fourth and Fifth. Near Fifth St.-
¦ Finest Equipments at • Moderate Rates.
. - ¦ . _»" vi .' '
I James McUlnn. Henry H__sen~ I
• JAMES McGINN- & : CO., - I
Formerly With McGinn Bros.. I
- — Funeral Directors ' and Embalmers I
214 Eddy St. ; Tel.; South 570. ; I
San Francisco, aged 25 years 8 months and
' 20 days. * ' •¦
py Friends and acquaintances are 'respect-
• fully Invited to attend the funeral services
to-morrow (Thursday), at 2 o'clock, at her
, late residence. 801 East Twenty-first street.
Kast Oakland. Interment • Mountain View
: C«metery- J '
NEWMAN— In this city, August 25, 1903, Jo-
seph Newman, beloved son of Max and the
late Yetta Newman, and brother of Harry,
David, Lena, Esther, Llllie. Tienie and Ida
Newman, a native of Washington. D. C.
aged 20 years 10 months and 19 days. A
member of Brotherhood of Teamsters, Local
NO. 85. and Oihonee Tribe No. 78. I. O. R. M.
¦ C7Friend8 and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
i (Thursday), at 10 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 28 Morris avenue, between Harrison
and Bryant, and thence by carriage to New
Salem Cemetery for Interment.
OLIPHANT — In ' Berkeley. August 25. 1W3.
Erwln H. Ollphant, beloved son of Elliabeth
and the late James Ollphant. and brother of
Joseph Ollphant. Mrs. M. Behrman and Mar-
lon W. Ollphant. a native of Illinois, a«ed
21 vears 7 months and 28 days.
REID— In this city, August 25, 1908. at St.
Jessph's Home, Brother Dominic Reid, O. F.
M., a native of London. Canada, aced 61
years 4 months and 18 days. - -
SMITH— In this city, August* 25. 1903. Mart*
W. Bmlth, beloved wife of the late William
Smith, a native of England, aged 59 years.
lETFrientls and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
Friday, August 28, 1003, at 10:30 o'clock, at
her late residence, 22_ Jackson street, cor-
ner of Battery. Interment Cypress Lawn
Cemetery-
SPROUL— In Oakland, August 25, 1603, An-
drew, beloved husband of- Rebecca C. Sproul,
. and fat!ier of Mrs. J. P. Garllck and Mrs.
Edward M. Walsh, a native of Washington,
Me., aged 80 years and 5 months. A mem-
ber of Yerba Buena Lodge No. 15. I. O. O.
F. . of San Francisco.
E7Fiienda and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral service-
Thursday, August 27, 1908. at 2 o'clock.' at
the residence of J. P. Garllck, 649 Oakland
avenue, Oakland.
8TU0RDTMANN— In this clty, N August 25,
1903, Julius Stuordtmann, a native of Ger-
many, aged . 48 years.
TREACY — In thin city, August 25, 1003, Mary j
L. and Anna R., beloved twin 'daughters of
; Thomas and Catherine A. Treacy, natives of
San FrancutCo, aged 2 months and 4 days.
TUREL— In San Jose, August 25, 1903, Jean
Turel, beloved husband of Jeanne' Turel, and .
father of August M., Edmund F.," George L.
and Alice Turel, a native of Freterieve. De-
partment of Savole, France, . aged 00 years 5
months and 6 days. - .
E7FuneraI will be held from the family
residence, 160 Orchard street, San Jose, at |
10 o'clock\ Thursday morning. Services at
«^St. 3 Joseph s Church. Interment Calvary
Cemetery. • • -
WATSON— In this city. August 25. 1903, Annl<s
J. WatRon. beloved wife of Edgar D. Wat-
aon, daughter of Margaret' Sheehan, and 1
slater of John and Mary Sheehan, a native
of California, aged 20 years 9 months and 21
days, i
CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 8:30 o'clock, from her late
residence, 2 Railway avenue, thence to Mi»- .
slon Dolores Church, masa to commence at
9 o'clock, for the repose of her soul. Inter-
ment Holy Cross Cemetery.
WILLMOTT— In this city, August" 21, 1003.
Samuel C, beloved son of Charles and Mary
Willmott, and brother of Hawley. Horace,
Arthur and Ethel Willmott. Mrs. P. F. ,
Kohnke, Mrs. E. W. - HUI, Mra. Frank
Fletcher and Mrs. Otto Brown, a native of
California, aged 40 years 1 month and 2
days. "
(CTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
Wednesday, August 20. 1003, at 10 o'clock,
at his late \ residence. 739 Guerrero street.
• Interment Mount Olivet Cemetery.Day and night the big printing; house by th*
ferry labors for jxu. Myaell-Rollins, 22 Clay. •
x Reduced ' rates oa household gooas to & from
the East & South." Bekln's. 11 Montgomery. •
Leonora W. Wright, wife of Major Hen
ry H. Wright, U. S. A., retired, applied to
the Superior Court yesterday for letters
of . guardianship over ' the person and es
tate of her husband. She relates in her
petition that because of sickness contract
ed in the Philippines her husband's mind
has become weakened and he is unable to
care for himself and his property.
Army Officer Needs Guardian.
Justice of the Peace Daniels gave judg
ment yesterday in favor of Paul^Brede,
who 'sued Julia ClausBen for the 'return
of furniture which he bought for her to
open a lodging house. . Miss Claussen tes
tified that Brede had given the furniture
to her and had been f an ardent, but un
successful wooer. The furniture is valued
at $100. • • - v :'¦
Must Return Furniture.
Is almost constantly irritated by wind
and v mineral-laden dust; inflammation,
redness, itching and burning, followed by
granulated eyelids, are the results.
MURINK EYE REMEDY gives quick re
lief. Doesn't smart: soothes eye pain;
makes weak eyes strong. Your druggist
or optician sells Murlne at GO cents. . *
The San Francisco Eye
Stockton Judge Holds Court Here.
Superior Judge F. H. Smith of Stockton
occupied the courtroom of Justice of the
Peace Van Nostrand yesterday. He lis
tened to argument in the suit of Charles
F. Doe against Henry T. Pierce and
George Spalding. The suit is to foreclose
a mortgage on Victoria Island, given as
security for six promissory notes aggre
gating $317,000. The suit was tried in
Stockton, argument being heard here for
convenience sake. . •
The Civil Service Commission yesterday
certified to the - Police Commission the
names of Thomas D. Daly, Francis J.
Kerr, Frederick P. Suttman and George
W. Francis for appointment as police of
ficers from the eligible list. The Regis
trar has made requisition for ten ordi
nary clerks for work in his office, begin
ning September 1. 1903.
Will Appoint Policemen.
"Warrants were sworn out yesterday by
the health officials for the arrest of D.
Swanson, 8 Jackson street; Albert Evan
son, 57 Clay street; J. 1 Schmidt, 103
Fourth street: Paul Vlautln, 629 Davis
street; A. JIantke, 706 Montgomery
street; William N. Sohl, 117 Second street,
and F. Mazzettl, Bay City Ranch, for
having in their, possession milk found be
low standard. There Is a war on between
restaurant keepers and milk dealers. The
former say they serve the milk just* as it
is supplied to them, while the latter com
plain that the water is put in the milk
after It leaves their possession.
Milk Below Standard.
To the Children's Hospital for the endow
ment of a bed to bs known as the Alice Skae
bed, $10,000; to Jeannette Ekae Temple of To
ronto, Canada. $5000; to Mary Skae, a sister
in-law, also of Toronto, $10,000. and $10,000 to
the Museum of Art of San Francisco.
During the last seven years Germany
has laid 7375 miles of cable at a cost of
over $7,000,000. ,
$50,000 and her children the residue. In
the event that she should die without
children the following bequests are to be
paid out of the trust fund:
Never before in the history of the shoe
business have such bargains been offered
as will be put on sale to-morrow (Thurs
day) at 9 o'clock: 3000 pairs ladles' high
grade shoes in vicl kid, black or tan, up
to-date toes, swell in every particular,
every pair guaranteed to wear and made
of choicest kid, for 50c a pair. We guar
antee tn« sizes from 2% to 8, in widths
from B to EE.
A full line of men's shoes for 75c a pair,
made by such firms as Johnston & Mur
phy, Banister, Keith, etc.
If you want shoes be sure and give us
a call Thursday at 9 o'clock. We posi
tively guarantee to Fell every pair at the
prices advertised. Busy Bee Shoe Co.,
1029 Market street, above Sixth. Sale 9
o'clock. •
Shoes 2]/ 2 to 8 for 50c a Pair.
Court Washington of the Foresters of
America will this evening celebrate the
fourteenth anniversary of its institution
by a banquet to be . served In Union
Square Hall. Preparations have been
made for a large number of members and
their lady relatives. Syl-Shaben has been
selected as the toastmaster.
Anniversary Banquet.
Without seeing the Diamond Palace
would be like visiting Europe without see
ing Paris. It is a leading feature of San
Francisco and is conceded to be the most
beautiful Jewelry store in the world. Vis
itors or purchasers are equally welcome.
221 Montgomery stt bet. Bush and Pine. •
To Visit *Saji Francisco
An authenticated copy of the will of
the late Alice Skae, who died recently
in New York, was received from the Sur
rogate Court of that State yesterday and
placed on file. Her estate is worth $100,000.
In her will she provides that the sum of
320.000 shall be expended in the erection
of a vault in the Oakland cemetery where
the remains of her husband, John Skae,
t and her two children are burled, and that
the remainder of the estate shall go to
the Mercantile Truot Company in trust
tor Alice Skae, her daughter.
The will also provides that in the event
of the death of the last named, her hus
tanfl < provided she has one. shall receive
The "residue of the estate is bequeathed'
to Julia R. Noyes and James G. Mudgett
in addition to the special bequests of
$10,009. Mrs. Goodman accounts for the
Emallness of the bequest to E. H. Mud
cett by the statement that she has cared
for him for the last fifteen years. J. C.
Noyes is named as executor of the will,
to serve without bonds.
' The late Sarah Poett'B will was also
filed. She leaves her estate, which is said
to be a very large one. to her half-sister,
Ec"' th M. Poett. providing that In the
«vent of her death it shall go to Jose
phine Poett Brown and W. L. D. Brown.
a niece and nephew. In case they should
die the estate is to go to Julia Redlng
ton. Arthur H. Redington Is named as
executor.
The win of the late Louisa J. Good
man of Napa was filed for probate yes
terday. It is a holographic document and
disposes of an estate estimated to be
worth more than $100,000. It was made
last ApriL According to Us terms the
estate will be distributed as follows:
To J. C. 2>oye«, $20,000. in trust for her eon,
E. H. l!udfc>:t. the latter to receive the income
therefrom: 110,000 and Jewelry and wearing
apparel to her daughter. Julia Noyes; $2500
*ach to F. J. and J. G. Noyes of Napa; $10,000
to James G.'Mudeett of this city, a son. and
$500 each to Ella Cochran of St. Louie and
Maria C. Hale of Iowa.
In the letters to his wife White asks for
the loan of thousands of dollars. It
will be proved that Mrs. White lent her
husband large sums, which were not re
turned. The case has been hanging fire
for four years. Depositions have been
taken all over the East, apd when the
case was set for hearing here a number
of times something arose that necessitated
a postponement?
Six months before his death \WhIte
bought an annuity policy from the New
York Mutual Life Insurance Company, for
which he paid $50,000. He was to have re
ceived $3000 a year so long as he lived. He
died -before the payment of the first an
nuity.
An effort will be made this afternoon to
show that when Mrs. White married she
was possessed of an independent fortune
of $30,000, and this money was used by
White in building his own fortune. The
lawyers will claim that when White mar
ried he had nothing— that he was 'em
ployed in C. C. Curtln's dry goods house
as clerk and never had a penny.
They will attempt to prove that White
induced his wife to go East in order that
he might go into the society, of ! other
women. The attorneys say they will not
mention the women who lived with White
at the time, as they have since married.
They will show, that while his wife was
away, he secured a divorce from her on
the ground of desertion. The case will be
remarkable.
So clever was "White in his deception
that the wife might not have been ap
prised of the divorce proceedings had It
not been for the untimely taking off of
her husband.
The evidence shows that the Whites
were married in San Jose on the 31st day
of May, 18S3, by the Rev. Dr. Sims, pastor
of the Methodist Episcopal Church South.
White secured a divorce In November,
1884, while his wife was In New York.
While the divorce proceedings were under
way he wrote her endearing letters." The
following Is an. extract from one of the
many letters sent Mrs. White:
The truth is. I am tired and disgusted with
everything here, but thank God. twelve months
won't be long passed until I am where every
honest home is happy.
Another letter contains the following
paragraph:
I wish you would try to make something out
of brother Joe and make a good sensible boy
out of him. I know one man In this city that
when you took hold of him you made a good
man out of him
"When Mrs. Jennie White takes the wit
ness stand in Judge Troutt's court this
afternoon her attorneys will hand her a
score of letters to identify in order that
they may put them in evidence to prove
that her hsband, the late Jonathan Lloyd
"White, who was killed while trying to res
cue some women when the Baldwin Hotel
was destroyed, led a dual life.
At the very time White was taking
steps to secure a divorce he was writing
her endearing letters. According to the
attorneys for the wife the divorce was se
cured by fraud, and the wife, who is now
striving to secure a portion of the big
estate, never knew that she was a ¦ di
vorced woman until many years after the
decree.
H "White, fees Incurred by City Attorney In
court proceedings. $-17 50: J. L. Holland, re
porter's fees. $45 75: Bancroft & Co.. law
books for Bond and Warrant Clerk and Judge
Lawlor, $7 50: R. W. Anderson, car fare for
July $2 80; City Treasurer McDougald, trav
eling expenses during July. $30 10; J. N.
Bishop Sheriff Alameda County, subsistence
of prisoner. $0 45; Sheriff Langrford of Santa
Clara County, subsistence of prisoners, $4 50;
Sheriff Grace of Sonoma County, subsistence
of prisoners. $4 80; Gonic Tyng. Interpreting.
July $52 60; H. R. White, fees, $10; filter for
Treasurer Sheriff and Assessor, $10; Lucy L.
Johnson, telephone operator. $8 35; Kate Hol
leran. telephone operator. $3« 66; Deputy Tax
Collector Pcultney. car fare, $4 45; A. Carlisle,
code of civil procedure for Auditor and Super
visors $S: Captain J. B. Martin, transportation
of Mrs. Julia Klein. $90; C. H. Westphal, vet
erinary services. $7 50.
The demands already passed by the
Board of Supervisors on the fund of
$36,000 for the fiscal year 1903-1304 are In
dividually for small amounts, but Audi
tor Baehr wants the point as to whether
the urgent necessity of the bill incurred
should govern in its payment to be set
tled for all time. The demands, payment
of which have been withheld by Baehr,
are:
four demands, aggregating more than
$4500 on the fund.
Now Auditor Baehr has consulted with
his attorney, who agrees with him that
the Intent of the charter framers was
that the fund should ; be used only for
urgent necessities as the name indicates.
Baehr is of the opinion that an urgent
necessity would mean, for example, the
burning down of a city institution and
he thinks there should be some fund to
draw on in the event that such a thing
were to happen. The expenditure of the
fund is not hampered in any way by the
one-twelfth act of the charter, so that
the money could be expended In one lump
sum if a real case of urgent necessity
did arise. Baehr is now waiting for the
written opinion of his attorney and upon
its receipt he will send a communication
to the Board of Supervisors explaining
his attitude on the question.
Leaves Most of Large
Estate to Two of
Her Children.
Wrote Endearing Let
* ters to Wife While
Getting Divorce.
MRS. GOODMAN'S
WILL IS FILED
JONATHAN WHITE
LED DUAL LIFE
Croop met Policeman Greggains and the
officer placed St. Claire and O'Brien un
der arrest on a. cha"rge of petty larceny.
They are strangers to the police. Greg
gains says they tricked a stranger out of
$20 last Friday In Golden Gate Park in
the same way.
P. 8. Crooo, a visitor from Merced,
went to the ocean beach yesterday and
was accosted bv Guy St. Claire. The
two strolled along till they met J. O'Brien,
and St. Claire, pulling some business
cards of a cigar 6tore on Larkin street
out of his pocket, bet O'Brien that he
could not pick out one on which the word
"cigars" was written on the back.
Croop became Interested, and St. Claire
suggested he Bhould try his luck. O'Brien
offered to bet $100 that he could pick out
the 'card and Croop gave St. Claire $6 50
and his silver watch, all the valuables
he had, to help him In making up $100.
O'Brien, of course, won, and when Croop
became suspicious O'Brien showed a star
and threatened to arrest him if he did
not hurry awajr.
"Were Operating at the Ocean Beach
When Arrested by Police
man Greggains.
CAHD SHARPERS TRICK
VISITOR FBOM MERCED
It appeared only to be a question of
how much was left In the fund, and at
one meeting on July 13, 1903, the Board of
Supervisors passed no less than thlrty-
Auditor Baehr, after a long inquiry into
the subject, has arrived at the conclusion
that the demand to be paid out of the
urgent . necessity fund must have some
semblance of 1 the name Implied and be
lieves ft time to call a halt on the prac
tice of drawing on the fund simply be
cause it has an existence.
Several months ago the Finance Com
mittee asked the City Attorney whether
the Board of Supervisors* could not estab
lish a "miscellaneous fund," upon which
to draw when no other fund was avail
able. The committee realized that many
of the demands passed did not come
within the purview of an urgent neces
sity, and thought that other means should
be taken to pay the demands legally.
Lane held that the charter designated
the various funds of the municipality
and that an addltfonaJ fund could not be
created. After the receipt of the opinion
the Board of Supervisors kept on passing
demands on the urgent necessity fund.
It has been the custom to draw upon
the fund almost up to the last cent. Dur
ing the fiscal year 1902-1903 demands ag
gregating $35,378 65 were drawn, leaving
an unexpended balance of $621 35. Among
the demands passed were one of $1000 for
a filing case for the Supervisors; one
for $1430 for plumbing in the Bush street
engine house; another for $80 for horse
hire and still another of $31 25 for rat
traps. Clearly these items, according to
Auditor Baehr. are not urgent necessities,
yet the demands were audited last year
because It has been the custom to do so.
PASS MANY DEMANDS.
NECESSITY MUST EXIST.
There appears to be a difference of
opinion between the members of the Su
pervisors' Finance Committee, which au
thorizes the payment of demands on the
fund named, and Auditor Baehr. The
committee holds that It has ample" power
to pay any demand provision for which
has not been made in the budget. It has
never concerned itself with whether the
purpose for which the bill was, incurred
was an urgent necessity or not, but sim
ply ordered the. bill paid if it could not
be legally drawi* upon one of the other
funds created by. the charter and desig
nated in the budget.
Auditor Baehr has made up his mind
to prevent further raids on the "Urgent
Necessity Fund" for the payment of de
mands which he" holds cannot be legally
drawn on the fund named. To that' end
Baehr- has "pigeon holed" twenty-one de
mands against the fund which have been
passed by the Board of Supervisors pend
ing a written opinion from- his legal ad
viser regarding his interpretation of. the
section of the charter relating to the
subject.
The section referred to provides that
"the Supervisors may appropriate thirty
six thousand dollars a year for 'urgent
necessities,' not otherwise provided for
by law. No money shall be paid out of
thl3 appropriation unless authorized by a
five-sixths vote of all the members of
the Board of Supervisors and approved by
the Mayor."
City Official "Withholds Payment on
Twenty-One Demands Pending
Settlement of the Dis
puted Point.
"You'll get no kind of a permit," said
Casey, and "We'll give you a rattle on
this injunction," said Manson.
Then the company desired to secure a
permit to build the foundation of ' the
building only, but was met with. a stern
refusal on the part of Casey and Manson.
The contract had been let and the con
tractors are out some $600 on account of
the action of the two Commissioners in
refusing a permit, which Ach claims they
have no right to deny, as it does not in
any way concern the height of the build
ing. Ach was compelled to sue out a writ
of injunction against the board so that
he can proceed with the work. Ach par
ticularly objects to the remarks of Casey
and Manson when he was seeking his sec
ond permit.
Commissioner Schmitz' now comes for
ward with Connolly's story that when Sy
ron called out to him, Connolly
was in reality working on the scaf
fold, but refused to answer because
Syron is not his superior. Schmitz de
clares that Casey Is again doing politics
by. attempting to discharge a man simply
because he is a friend of Mayor Schmitz,
and he will interpose a vigorous protest
against ousting a man who he says is
competent and faithful.
Henry Ach, attorney for the Pacific Au
tomobile Company, has a grievance
against Commissioner s Casey and Man
son over the latter's refusal to issue a
permit for the construction of the founda
tion of a building at the corner of Oc
tavia street and Golden Gate avenue. The
Board of Supervisors granted the com
pany a permit to erect a building four
feet In excess of the legal height, but the
Board of Works refused to approve the
permit. Suit was then brought by the
company and the matter is being argued
in the courts.
The war clouds are again hovering
above the Board of Public Works because
of the suspension of J. J. Connolly, a plas
terer, by President Casey for alleged
neglect of duty. Commissioner, Schmitz
is mad clear through because he was no*
consulted about the matter, although as
Superintendent of Public Buildings he
has immediate supervision of the plas
terers and mechanics employed by the
board. As a consequence Schmitz threat
ens to make things warm at this morn-
Ing's meeting of the board when the sus
pension will be considered. .
On Monday last Head Janitor Syron was
making his rounds in the City Hall corri
dor and discovered, according to his
story, that Connolly was not working as
ho had been detailed. He called for Con
nolly, who was supposed to be on a high
scaffold, but received no reply. Syron
immediately went to President Casey and
reported that Connolly was neglecting his
work. Casey at once ordered the follow
ing letter to be sent to Connolly:
SAN FRANCISCO, Aug." 24, 1003.
J. J. Connolly, Plasterer: You are hereby no
tified that you have been suspended from fur
ther duty and ordered to appear at the meeting
of the board of Public Works on Wednesday
morning next at 11 o'clock.
N. JORTALLs
Secretary Board of Public Works.
Holds That Necessity for All
Expenditures Must
Be Shown.
Attorney Complains of Tac
tics of Casey and
Manson.
Auditor Baehr Calls a
Halt on Custom of
Supervisors.
Schmitz Vigorously Ob
jects to Suspension
of Plasterer.
TO PREVENT
RAID ON THE
URGENT FUND
COMMISSIONERS
AGAIN AT WAR
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WE DNESDAY, AUGUST 26, 1903.
14
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ooooooooooee««oco*ooooo»o««oo«®©o©oo©0(>oooo
Sunset Telephone and]
Telegraph Company. I
SAN FRANCISCO, August 25, 1903. J
A Reward of FIVE THOUSAND DOLLARS ($5000) will be fi
paid by the SUNSET TELEPHONE AND TELEGRAPH COM- 0
PANY for information leading to the arrest and conviction of the •
man or men who maliciously cut twelve underground cables in the %
company's manhole at Twelfth and Clay ' Streets, Oakland. Four •
hundred and six wires were cut and the cables otherwise seriously *
damaged. The cutting of these wires took place on Tuesday morn- •
ing, August 25, 1903. •
In addition to the above Reward, FIVE HUNDRED DOLLARS •
($500) '"iU be paid for private information which results in the arrest %
and conviction of any one of the perpetrators of the above named of- S
fense. Such information will be treated as confidential. •
Similar rewards will be paid for the arrest and conviction of any %
person engaged in a like offense hereafter. ©
JOHN I. SABIN, President %
AEVEBTISEMENT3.
ANNOUNCE AN AUGUST SALE OF
Made-to-Measure Shirts
iv v - at ; ,: / ¦
Reduced Prices
c ff. Augusts a dull month. The operators in our shirt
room must be kept busy. Therefore this unparalleled'
offer in made-to-measure" shirts for the rest of this month.
SF Fine new. liqe of Scotch Madras Shirtings, latest
colorings and weaves. Fit absolutely guaranteed.
Anderson Scotch Madras Shirts, soft pleated bosoms, e ~ nn
cuffs attached or detached. Regular price > 4- 00- At JpO.UU
Anderson Scotch Madras Shirts, soft or stiff bosoms, _„
< cuffs attached or detached. Regular price $3.50. At
WHITE SHIRTS
White Dress Shirts, best quality muslin body, cuffs nA
attached, pleated bosom. Regular price '.4.00. At 5p«J.UU
White Dress Shirts, best quality muslin body, pure co __
linen bosom, cuffs attached. Regular price #3.50 At $^./t>
White Dress Shirts, heavy quality muslin body, o o _
linen bosoms, cuffs attached. Regular price 53.00. At «p*£.«£t)
White Day Shirts, superior quality muslin body, e| _
linen bosom. Regular price $2.50. ¦ At 5? I. / 5 .
White Day Shirts, good quality muslin body, linen e| « A
bosom. Regular price *$2.00. At$j>B.5U
TF We have just opened a splendid new line of. large
English Squares for 50c. -The biggest tie for , the smallest
price. See window display^ . , ;
ROOS BROS
KEARNY AT POST.
APVEBTISEME1TTS.
DRESS
FABRICS
This week we will show an elegant Ya-
rietu of New Dress Fabrics for Fall wear.
These goods are from the hsst manufacturers
and we ask the special attention of our cus-
tomers to this displau.
NEW DONEGAL TWEEDS— FancD ¦ Cam-
el's Hair. Ziheline Mixtures, Ziheline Nodps
and striped Tailor Suitings in the latest Fall
colorings, all 54 inches wide- --(M (rn.
46-INCH ZIBELINE MELANGE-(French
manufacture)suit- $171; $0 OK
able for tailor suits $1' / D.and vp£..£.U ud.
1 1 FRENCH ZIBELINE PLAIDS— All the new
color effects and (M rn (fnnn
45 inches wide-. -4)1. 0U and>4)^.UU ud.
47-INCH FRENCH ETAMINE VOILES-
In all the new staple and fancu <JM rn
shades.-.. kPI.UU ud.
We have also received new trimmings,
new ribbons, new laces and lacs collars.
Our mail order department is most com-
plete, Write for samples of above goods.
111, 113. 115, 117, 119. 121 POST STREET.
PBAGEBS 1 PBAGEBS ! _
ic ILD i
I ifiriPirii ha v I
, 1^^^^^^^MIs»™bs^IsMbs^b^^MIs^Is^^«Is^BMBBB»b»B»s1Is»bs^b^«Mb^bM««1»s^»«M«^b«»
Ten Green Trading Stamps |
Given Awdy I
FRFF' FREE* FREE 1 !
To Every Visitor to Oiir Store |
¦',...¦ o
— ' O
¦ ' ¦ ©
. • . o
fl^StsSEEsBSSBFB !5sll^^s^»s?»»«2»»^^s»BsSsBsB3s^s^s35' l^BWBEsBffls8hSEZ^?yriSi7?7?vV r^y^^^^^^^k ©
r^t C5
If ALWAY^RELIABLTE I 1
P 1238- 1250M ARKET ST.***** I I
• Jo •
e
, — : : 6e
»OOOC3OGCOOOOOO«OOO«O0*OOOOOO©©©OSOOOOOO«e©©OCOO«©OOOOOO©OO©OOOOOO©
a 1 ' 1 1
"WEDNESDAY. THrRSDAY. TRIDAY. SAT-
URDAY.
Did you erer stop to thlak why w« fell good
groceries and liquors at lower prices than other
stores? It is because we are Importers aad
direct handlers. See below; =>
PURE TABLE SALT. BO-lb sack. 40c.
BUTTER, Finest Creamery, sq..4Oc
Full size. Market Is advancing. Wednesday. ¦
2 PKGS. GRAPE NUTS. 23c
FITE'S GELATINE, Pure and
Wholesome, 3 packages 25c
Made by Knox Gelatins Co. ¦
GENUINE MARSHaHL'3 SAUCE. 2 bots.. 25c.
ENGLISH BREAKFAST TEA, Spe-
cial Price, pound 23c
Composed of samples worth from 50c to $1 25.
This tea on sale ¦while quantity lasts.
3 BOTTLES STUFFED OLIVES. 23c.
HIRE'S ROOT BEER, 3 Large Bot-
tles 23c
A delicious and cooling beverage.
AMONIO-BENZILENE SOAP. 6 BARS. 23c. '
GOOD EJ3GS. 25c PER DOzI "
25c CANS OF SOUP. 13c!
COFFEE, Java and Mocha, Very
Best, lb 25c
Ou» regular SSc qu«T!t/.
NEW EVAPORATED APR ICOTS. POUND 10c
RIESLING— A Pure, Unadulterated
Wine, Gal. 50c
4 years old. Regular price 75c
SEEDED RAISINS. PKQ. 8c. '
MARQUETTE PURE RYE, boU>Sc
The Whisky of the Home. Regular price Jl 23.
OLD CROW WHISKY, pt. bottle. 89c.
PORT OR SHERRY, gallon. .. .SSc
"Elsen" vineyard; 8 years old, mellow w'.nes.
' PET CREAM. CAN Be
SATURDAY NIGHT SALE.
20 lbs BEST SUGAR 75c
On all orders amounting to $4 or over.
There's double saving at.Faber's.
1001 FILLMORE ST. U9 TAYLOR ST.
i BEFORE AiTTER I
FINDING 1
WM. iiATTEROTH in his new es- I
tablishment. 224 Sutter st. Fitting I
trusses, supporters. Elastic Stock- I
ings, etc. I
SAMPLE TRUNKS TO ORDER. REPAIRING.
J. MAKTT. 22 TURK ST.
Factory 82tS Howard st.
4% I 1 A I Ammunition. Hunting and
III ftll 1 Sporting. Goods. Large.t
l.l 1 1*1 Block. Lowest prices. Send
111 IIPl n for catalogue.
W W I V W SHREVS & BARBER CO..
73» Market st. and 311
Xearny ft.