REPUBLICAN NOMINEE FOR MAYOR WHO HAS MADE A GRAND: CAMPAIGN AND ¦WHO, ON THE EVE OF
ELECTION, EXPRESSES HIS ABSOLUTE CONFIDENCE THAT THE VOERS OF SAN FRANCISCO WILL
PLACE HIM AT THE HEAD OF THE MUNICIPAL- GOVERNMENT.
to break into .the Union Labor
ranks and win votes away from
Schmitz. Lane's campaign in the
labor districts proved such an utter
hardly be considered a factor in
the contest. , Early in the fight
Democratic, managers entertained
the hope that -Lane would be able
The contest to-day lies between
Crocker and Schmitz. Behind
Schmitz is Boss Ruef. Behind
Lane is Martin Kelly. Lane ¦* " can
Henry J. Crocker to
the best type of young American
manhood. He is a native son of
California, a progressive, up-to
date representative of a vigorous,
go-ahead San Francisco, and, to
use a Western term, is a hustler.
The election, to-day- will demon
strate the fact that he is a vote
getter
BELONGS TO BEST TYPE.
At the beginning of the contest
many of the wage-earners in the
compact Union Labor districts
south of Market street displayed
hostile feeling toward Mr. Crock
er, but the American sense of
fair play pronipted 'them to give
him a hearing, and getting a hear
ing he first won their respect and
later on gained their friendship
and support.
cessful experience in the manage
ment of large enterprises, should
be diligently applied to advance
the interests of the citv.
TO THE VOTERS OF SAN FRANCISCO.
The campaign has closed, and the citizens of San Francisco must decide in the interest of good govern
ment. ,It is therefore the duty of every good citizen to vote for the man who is. in the best position -to
day to make a winning fight, and it is our absolutely positive judgment that Henry J. Crocker is that man.
CLAUS SPRECKELS, President California Sugar
Refining Company.
CHARLES HOLBROOK of Holbrook, -Merrill &
Stetson. -
R. C." BOLTON of Bolton & De Rnyter. _
L. ROSENFELD of John Rosenfeld's Sons.
H. D. LOVELAND, vice president and general man
ager Tillmann & BendeJ.
P. E. BOWLES, President American National Bank
and Trust Company. - s
HENRY. ROSENFELD of John Rosenfeld's Sons.
J. C. WILSON, President J.C. Wilson Company.
JOHN F. MERRILL of Holbrook, Merrill & Stet
son.^
F. W.HENSHAW of Henshaw-Buckley Company.
JAMES B. SMITH of the Western Fuel Company.
F. P. DEERING of Myrick & Deering, Attorneys.
C. G. CLINCH of C. G. Clinch & Co.
VANDERLYNN STOW, Secretary Thomas Day &
G. W.. FLETCHER, General Freight Agent. ' -
WILLIAM MacDONALD, Manager London and
Lancashire Insurance Company.
JAMES TYSON of Charles" Nelson Company. '
WILLIAM CASTLE of Castle Brothers.
LOUIS - SLOSS of Louis Sloss & Co.
JAMES OTIS of Otis, McAllister & Co. T
WILLIAM CLUFF of William Cluff Company.
H. M. HOLBROOK of Holbrook, Merrill & Stetson.
BLODGETT of Holbrook, Merrill & Stetson.
JAMES B. STETSO!!, President of California
street Cable Railroad Company.
JAMES K. WILSON, President San Francisco Na
tional Bank.
GEORGE H. TYSON. General Agent German-
American Insurance Companv.
WAKEFIELD BAKER of Baker" & Hamilton.
LEON SLOSS President Northern Commercial
Company.
A. B. SPRECKELS, Vice President Spreckels &
Bros. Company.
\ ISAAC UPHAM of Payot, Upham & Co.
W. H. TALBOT of Pope & Talbot.
M. EHRMA.I of Ehrcnan & Co.
HORACE DAVIS, President Sperry Flour Com
pany, v-^.;;
F. W. LOUGEE of Fireman's Fund Insurance Com
pany.
WILLIAM W. MORROW, United States Circuit
Judge.
E. W. NEWHALL of H. M. Xewhall Son's & Co
FRANCIS SMITH of Francis Smith & Co.
REHFISH & HOCHSTADTER, Brokers.
LOUIS WEINM ANN, . Secretary Fireman's Fund
Insurance 'Company.
P.'N. LILIENTHA-, Manager Anglo-Californian
Bank. \
THE solid men of San Francisco— the men who represent the vast commercial, manufacturing and in
dustrial enterprises of the city— declare in favor of the election of Henry J. Crocker. This declara
" tion signifies that thousands of conservative citizens who have been observing the campaign with
special interest without committing themselves to the support of any candidate will now cast their influence
and voting strength in favor of Henry J. Crocker. This is what the .representative business men proclaim
Declare, That Crocker Holds Strongest Position in the
Mayoralty Contest
less Labor L'Tiion men south of
Market street are wearing the
Crocker button. These men are
not asking police protection.
Republicans should stand by the
Republican ticket and bring the
reign of Ruef to an end.
L r nion Labor men despise Ruef.
They tolerate Parry cut of sym
pathy for the colt. They have no
respect for civil service as admin
istered by Ruef. for they note the
spectacle of a Civil Service Com
missioner on the stump making
mehtlv. speeches laudatory ot
Mayor Schmitz. Knowledge of
these things, however, fails to ex
plain to Union Labor voters why
the Police Department, at the
suggestion of Mavor Ruef. should
now be detailing exceptiocally
strong and overwhelming detach
ments of the police force for duty
in districts south.of Market street.
Should not the Forty-fourth Dis
trict, where much of Ruef s mid
night work is done, be watched
and patrolled ? Should the Forty
fifth District, which Ruef claims
to own and control, be left un
guarded? Ruef and Schmitz
¦nave oositive knowledge of the
fact tliat manv resolute and tear-
STAND BY THE TICKET.
failure that his managers held a
council and changed their cam
paign tactics. At the eleventh
hour Lane was directed to appeal
to Republican business men for
support. The answer to that ap
peal does not hold much encour
agement to the Lane people. The
leading, representative men of
mercantile circles, the captains oi
industry, the promoters of com
merce and manufacture, declare in
positive terms that Henry J.
Crocker possesses the elements of
success and should receive the sup
port of business men of San Fran
cisco.
BEAUFORT WEST, Cape Colony. Nov.
Z— It is rumored here that the German
garrison at TVarmbad, in German South
west Africa, has been annihilated by tha
Hottentots. Warmbad 13 a mission sta
tion in Great Namaqualand, South Africa.
about 135 miles cast of the mouth anil
twenty-five miles north of the Orar.gs
CAPE TOWN, Nov. 2.— The German
Consul here confirms the rumor of a na
tive rebellian in Damaraland. a country
in Southwest Africa, forming a part of
the German possessions there. A German
non-commissioned oficer, commanding ac
Warmbad, has been killed and chief
rebels have been shot down. Other ro
mors to the effect that a commanding of
ficer and another body of troops have beea
killed indicate a. greater disaster. — _,_-
ADEN, Arabia. Nov. 2.— The rumor that
an officer and several members of the
Bombay RiSes have been winded in a
skirmish in the Hinterland haa been con
firmed. ' The lighting is now known to
have been quite serious. A small British,
force was surrounded by tribesmen at
Sulaik and soon ran short of ammunition.
Strong reinforcements sent from Dhala
released their comrades after a sharp
fight. Eight British soldiers were kille.l
and an officer and a number of privates
were wounded.
Special Disyarch to Tie Call.
would be no mud-slinging or vitu
peration on his part He has kept
his word. Thousands of people
admire him for his high-minded,
clean and fair course in dealing
with his opponents. It is said to
his credit that his campaign is
the cleanest and most creditable in
the political annals of San Fran
cisco.
In every address to the voters
he placed the betterment of the
city above all other consid
erations. For himself he pledged
that his knowledge of business af
fairs, derived from long and suc-
the receiver designates as an "ar
tistic smisdle" wT.l be called to the wit
ness ehair.
That portion of the receiver's report
where he held that the men back cf the
temporary directors who put through the
Alleged misleading reports of the ac
countants should be punished was partic
ularly well received by bankers in Wall
street. The differences between the real
worth of the plants and the figures ad
duced In the prospectus and the report to
the listing committee of the Stock Ex
change were remarked everywhere.
SETTS WILL BE FILED.
It was announced that papers will be
prepared at once for instituti:ig suit
against Schwa-b and the Bethlehem Steel
TTcrks looking to the appointment of a
receiver, and the other chief recommen- •
dation cf Receiver Smith that the hold- j
ers cf bonus stock be compelled to pay
for the same at its full face value will be
observed simultaneously.
It is this later prospect that causes most
concern to the men who have been im
plicated in the flotation cf the United j
States Shipbuilding Company. Not one
of the Sheldon reorziir.ization syndicate
would discuss the subject to-day. Schwab
kept himself secluded at th<? ofSces of the
steel corporation. Max Pam was said to
b« in Chicago. Nixon sorrowfully admit
ted that the Crescent shipyard had been
ia doldrams fcr a yea*, otrir.z- to labor
troubles, but he would not say a word
sic.it the strictures in the receiver's re
port. Dresser was smiling, but uncommu
nicative.
T.T ABILITY OF PB.O21OTZB.S.
The receiver stated in his report that he i
was "advised by his counsel that, as to !
*44.9ST,vO0 cf preferred and common stock
handed over by the directors (the youths j
cf the Corporation Trust Company of '
New Jersey) to the venders and pro- \
meters cf this scheme, it cannot be sue- j
cessf ally maintained that any value was
paid therefor. Treating the issue of
bonds, therefore, as full payment for the i
properties, it follows that the vendors and
promoters and their associates in the '
transfer and conveyance cf the various
plants to the United States Shipbuilding
•-'empany by acceptance cf this $44,937,000
cf capital stock without paying value j
therefor, becomes liable thereon to said !
corporation by virtue of the provisions of j
an act cf the Legislature of New Jersey." |
The liability of men like Schwab, with !
EBJBQQJOOQ of these stocks; Lewis Nixon, j
with at least $40,000,000; Charles A. Canda. |
mith J600.OC0; Jofaa TV. Gates and dozens I
0/ others Is now the matter of most con
cern in the financial district.
-^
HUMANE SOCIETY OFFICES
KILLS DZHVZB TEAMSTEB
Colorado Packing Cczipany Employe
Besists Arrest for Cruelty and
Is Fatally Shot.
DENVER, Cclo.. Nov. i-WTr'le resist
ing the effort* of Officer Oliver Tufts cf
the Colorado Humane Society to compel
him to stoo worklnjc a tick and abused
horse. Char> s Heinze." a teamster em
ployed by the Colorado Packing Com
pany, was ehot and killed this evening.
Tn<? offleer Join* the shooting claims that
Heinze drew a revolver first and wound- i
ed him in the- rtjfct arm. when the officer j
crew his pistol with his left hand and I
find in *U-itt6ue. The shooting was j
done la the outskirts of the city beyond |
Ar S o. a suburb of Denver, mar where i
llclxze live.l Tufts has been arrested.
Abe Baef . Garia. Mcjra* and Martia
Xel^ *» tattler to control the bend
tsz-ze. Tot: caa defeat theai by voting" !
to-day fox Hear? J. Crocker. *
Republican Legions Are Very Confident
of Sweeping Victory.
J J EXRY J. CROCKER,
S ff Republican nominee,
surely deserves election
to the office of Mayor. All the
signs of the hour point to the tri
umph of Republican forces in to
day's battle. Mr. Crocker's meth
ods of campaigning commend him
to all fair-minded people. At the
outset he announced that there
NTT!V YORK, Nov. 2.— Instead cf ffoii^ j
ca with the tegulij ls.to the avoirs cf {
the United States Shipbuilding- Company j
to-day, the laxryers pleaded for time, j
The report of fornser United States Sena- j
tor Smith, the receiver, seemed to stun
the most active participants la the hear
ing before Ollphant. the special examiner !
appointed by Judge Kirkpatrick to hear j
the testimony. The hearings will be re- '
named on Thursday raorstog at the law j
library cf Samuel Untermyer, senior j
counsel for the complainant first mort- j
eag-e bondholders: thenceforward the in
quiry win proceed expedltlously and
every one of the chief Cjrures in -what
Social risjctth to The Call.
Holders of Bonus Stock May
Be Forced to Pay Its
Face Value.
British Soldier Battle With
Tribesmen in the
Hinterland.
Natives Are in Revolt
Against Colonial
Government
Receiver Smith's Rec
ommendations Will
Be Observed.
Attack a German
Mission in
Africa.
Trouble Ahead for
Shipyard Trust
Magnates.
PROMOTERS
OF COMBINE
TO BE SUED
HOTTENTOTS
ANNIHILATE
A GARRISON
LEADING BUSINESS MEN AFFIRM THAT CROCKER
HOLDS WINNING POSITION IN CONTEST FOR MA YOR
XXXS "CTEATKia,
- — s
Sea XTasdaco ui vicinity-—
CloaAr- ¦siienlefi wcatner Tues
day, wita Ilfflit raia; frtta
•cstbeast winds.
A. G. SXcADZS.
District Forec*»t«r.
The San Francisco Call
TBS THBATgga.
Alcxrar— "Too Mnci Jchj; soa." s,
Alia^sSr* — HZI2Z7'* Kot£l iixl-i^
Ian Band. \ \
CaHf caU — Ha-rerly's SXisstr*^
Central— "At Tansy Terse."
Cortmtia — "T&b Stcrka."
?iscier's — "Esies *ad Kcses.'
Grand — "3ea Hur."
Orplieaxa — V» a da-Till 3.
Tie Cintes — TaTidevtlle.
TtroU— Grand Opera,
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
SAN FRANCISCO, TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 3, 1903.
VOLUME XCIV— :SO. 156.PORTLAND. Or.. Nov. 2.— The prelim
inary hearing- of Miss Mariel Ware, Hor
ace G. MrKinley and S. A. D. Puter, who
have been indicted by the Federal Grand
Jury on charges of forgery and conspiracy
to defraud the Government out of lands,
in connection with the Southern Oregon
land frauds, has been set for next Satur
day afternoon. The trio will ! appear
before Judge Bellinger In the Federal
Court.
Land Fraud Cases Are Set.
NAPA, Nov. 2.— A union man named
Weaver and a non-union man named
Skinner, shoemakers, became engaged' in
a fist fight yesterday on Main street.
Skinner was the smallest man, but he
battered Weaver's face terribly. Both
men were arrested but were finally al
lowed to go. Weaver is under a physi
cian's care. • < . '
Non-XJnion Man Wins Fight.
Prominent San Jose Merchant Dead.
SAN JOSE, Nov. 2.— Fred W. Moore,
who succeeded the T. W. Spring Com
pany as proprietor of one of the largest
mercantile nouses in this city, died this
afternoon of pneumonia. His illness was
the effect of a hunting trip several weeka
ego. He was 46 years of age and a native
of Santa Cruz. He leaves a wife and four
children. \-A\ v
An administration rotten with extor
tion ana treasury looting: is all that the
people of San Francisco can hope for
If they allow the Buef-Schmitz regime
to be continued. If one who have dealing's
.with the municipality will be exempt.
Crocker is the harbinger of a clean, up
right administration, with equal justice
to rich and poor.
GILROY, Nov. 2.— The well at
Sargents of the Watsonvj]|e Oil Company
was perfected at a depth^pf 1200 feet and
the oiland gas were, forged about eighty
feet high. It will average 150 barrels pet
day and is the second paying well they
have struck. . Another w^U will be drilled
immediately. . .'. > > f . , .
New Oil Well at Sargents.
GILROY, Nov. 2.— Effle Smith, lately
from Monterey, took poison last night
after a quarrel with her loVer, whom she
had met after a separation of several
months. Doctors have used every means
to save her life, but she is in a pre
carious condition.
. - 1 » ¦ ~* >
Woman Tries to Kill Herself.
BAKERSFIEL.D, Nov. 2.— Frank Dra
den, general manager of one of the larg
est oil companies In Austria, is here to
day on a tour of the oil fields with a view
to studying American methods of drilling
and handling products. Draden has vis
ited a number of districts in the East
and will make a complete tour of the Cal
ifornia fields before returning to Europe.
Oil Expert on a Tour.
SUISL'N, Nov. 2.— Fpr many years there
has been much complaint from residents
of Bcnicia and lower Soiano County re
garding the fumes from the «melter at
Selby. Last month a large petition signed
by Benicia residents was presented to the
Board of Supervisors asking that the
nuisance be abated. District Attorney
Gregory was asked for an opinion. At a
meeting of tlie Supervisors to-day he told
the board that the nuisance could be
abated by a legal process and was in
structed to immediately institute neces
sary proceedings for the abatement of
the smelter fumes.
Object to the Smelter Fumes.
Northern Pacific Reduces Expenses.
SPOKANE, Wash., Nov. £2.—Commenc
ing to-day the Northern Pacific cut hours
of labor in the shops in ftiis city from
twelve to eight hours per day and the
men will hereafter work ftut five days
a week. This plan is in keeping with the
policy of the- Northwester^, roads to re
duce expenses. Similar reductions have
been made at the Hill yard on the Great
Northern. All the roads operating in this
section, are reducing the number of em
ployes. (r
Camper Narrowly Escapes Death.
REDDING, Nov. 2.— Whilenjnpacklnff a
camping outfit at Inwood, in this county,
Saturday afternoon a rifle being handled
by Mrs. Theodore Davidson was acciden
tally discharged, the ball striking her hus
band and passing almost through his
body. The wound was considered dan
gerous until a physician called from this
city found that the leaden missile had i\ot
struck a vital part.
SUISL'N, Nov. 2.— At a meeting of the
Board of Supervisors to-day a petition
was presented asking that an election be
called to vote on the question of incor
porating Fairf'.eld, the county $rat of this
county. The board granted the petition
and set the election for Saturday, Decem
ber 5. The following were nominated as
officers for the proposed municipality and
will be voted on at above date: N. A.
Shorcy, Josiah Wing, M. C. Sheldon, II.
If. Brown and F. S. Gurnette, Trustees;
W. E. Hammond. Clerk; R. D. Smith,
Treasurer; T. J. Lenahan, Marshal. The
promised municipality has a population
- f about 1000.
Fai.rfi.eld May Be Incorporated.
ASTORIA, Or., Nov. 2.— Owing to the
refusal of her crew to work the vessel
to San Francisco, arrangements have
been made by the- owners of the Ameri
can ship Two Brothers to have the steam
schooner Nelson tow the vessel to her
destination. The crew of the Two Broth
ers assert that the vessel is unseaworthy
owing to the fact that her cargo of lum
ber is improperly stowed and that she
carried an insufficient quantity of ballast,
which makes her cranky and unsafe in
heavy weather.
The Two Brothers carries 200,000 feet
of lumber In her hold and 550,000 feet
of lumber between decks, the claim being
made that the vessel is topheavy.
Vessel Two Brothers Will Have
to Be Towed to San
Francisco.
CREW FEARS THE SHIP
IS NOT SEAWORTHY
EUREKA, Nov. 2.— The old warehouse
of the North Pacific Coast Steamship
Company, on the water front, under lease
to the Steele Commission Company, was
burned this evening at 7 o'clock. It con
tained 130 tons of hay. The firemen's ef
fprts saved the immense new warehouse
of the steamship company, which was
once on fire with the prospect of being
burned.
FIRE NEARLY DESTROYS j
IMMENSE NEW WAREHOUSE
Blaze at EuTeka Ruins One Building
and Steamship Company .
Is Lucky.
By its terms the San Francisco Com
pany agret-s to sell all Its real" estate in
Oaklar.o. its Oakland franchise-arid all its
terminal proper;ies, depot, sites, maps,
.-urvoys, cars, tools aTid personal property
for 5337.31D 75 and 120,000 shares of fully
paid up capital stock. H * • •¦ ' -*
SAN JOSE, Nov. 2. — An agreement in
volving the transfer. 01. all .the property
of the San "Francisco Terminal Railway
and Transfer Company to the Western
Pacific Railroad Company was filed for
record h«re to-day. ¦ -
TVe*tern Pacific Will Take Over the
Ban Francisco Terminal's
Possessions.
PROPERTY OF RAILWAY
IS READY FOR TRANSFER
PORTLAND, Or., Nov. 2.—FormaL,invi
tations to foreign governments to partici
pate in the Lewis and Clark fair have
been prepared and will be forwarded to
the State Department, and> from there
sent through the diplomatic corps to the
various powers. The invitations are ex
pected to. pave the way for'j'a future an
nouncement from .the Government. The
finance committee of the exposition is
preparing a petition wnlch is to be pre
sented at tne coming extrp. session of
Congress, asking for an appropriation of
$2,500,000 for the exposition.
State Department Will Send Out the
Formal Requests for- Par
ticipation. '¦'¦'
NATIONS ARE INVITED ,
TO LEWIS AND CLARK FAIR
NAPA, Nov. 2.— H. N. Morrell, an old
veteran who recently tried to pass a check
to which J. C. Fawyer's name was signed,
pleaded guilty to forgery this afternoon.
He was arraigned at 2 o'clock and threw
hiyii-elf on the mercy of the ceurt.
The District Attorney made a plea for
leniency and the prisoner spoke in his
own behalf, stating that he had served
during the Civil War and had committed
the crime while drunk. Judge Gesford
sentenced him to three years in Folsom
prison.
Napa Judge Sends Old Man to Fol
som for Using Forged
Check.
COURT BOTHERS NOT
ABOUT A VETERAN'S PLEA
At 10 o'clock last night the Fire Depart
ment was summoned to extinguish a fire
in a refrigerator car belonging to the
Santa Fe Railroad. There were unmis
takable evidences of incendiarism, a sec
tion of the car having been packed with
oily cotton waste.
At 3 o'clock this morning the depart
ment was called to extinguish a fire of
exactly similar nature in a refrigerator
car. on the Santa Fe tracks. To-day the
North-street station of the Santa Fe was
set on fire and this afternoon oily waste
and combustible materials were found
under the big Salt Lake trestle over
Terquesquite Arroyo, placed there ' with
the evident Intention of being fired to
night.
The theory of officers is that the incen
diary acts are the work of tramps who
have been put Off trains and are seeking
revenge against the railroad.
RIVERSIDE, Nov. 2— This city has
been aroused to a pitch of unusual excite
ment by a number of attempts at incen
diarism of a particularly malicious na
ture.
• The relics were not uncovered in tho
upper strata, but deep down near the
bedrock proving that the contour of tWe
country' at the time the strange' creatures
whose remains have been uncovered ex
isted was vastly different from what it
is to-day. The presence of the elephant's
tusk would indicate that in rthat prehis
toric time this part of the world was a
tropical country.
GRANTS PASS, Or., Not. 2.7-Slx mas
todon tusks and a monster ( elephant's
tusk have been uncovered from the depths
of an old channel in the placer diggings
of a hydraulic mine near Grants Pass.
One of the mastodon tusks is eleven
feet in length and is quite well preserved.
Mortars, pestles, crude weapops and im
plements have also been brought to light,
and the bone's of many birds and beasts
that are not know'n to modern man and
cannot be classified.
VALLEJO, Nov. 2. — Frank Alexander,
the 12-year-old son of F. W. Alexander,
who lives on the Napa road about six
miles from thi? city, was accidentally shot
and instantly killed tn a peculiar manner
yesterday. The father kept a pistol con
cealed under the mattresses of his bed
and the older brother heard Frank epeak
of securing the weapon and shooting
ducks. As a precaution the weapon was
placed in a bureau drawer, where it was
discovered by the boy. It is presumed
he pulled the pistol out muzzle first and
that the hammer caught in some way,
discharging the cartridge, the bullet from
vihich penetrated the boys' face. A sad
feature of the case is that the birthday
cf the. young sister of -the boy was to
have been celebrated yesterday.
Twelve-Year-Old Lad Obtains Fath
er's Weapon and Is Fatally
Wounded.
BOY ACCIDENTALLY KILLS
HIMSELF WITH A PISTOL
Riverside Citizens Ex
cited by Attempts at
Incendiarism.
Remains of Prehistoric
Animals in Southern
Oregon. *
VANCOUVER, B. C, Nov. 2.— No. 2
east-bound passenger train of the Cana
dian Pacific Railway met with an acci
dent late last night at Kelfer, B. C. A
bridge had been carried away by a fresh
et. The engineer saw in time to reverse
his lever and jump. The locomotive went
Into the ditch . and the express car was
derailed. No one was injured.
The steamship Empress of India, bound
for Japan, was held here until to-night
pending the arrival of mails.
Engineer on the Canadian Pacific
Railway Reverses the Lever
and Jumps.
ENGINE OF A TRAIN
DASHES INTO A DITCH
BAKEttSFIEI-D. Nov. 2.— George R.
Davis of the United States Geological Sur
vey and a corps of assistants are here
working on a new topographical map of
the country lying between 119 and IIS de
grees 45 minutes, west longitude, and 25
and 35 degrees 30 minutes, north latitude,
covering about 450 square miles.
The map will be a very elaborate one.
upon which thirty men will be employed,
and will show in detail the contour of
the country. It will be en the scale of
tine and a third inches to the mile. The
map wiU lie of great benefit to mining
and oil men and omcrs interested in the
geology of the country. A corps of sur
veyors is now In the fit-Id and has just
completed a survey of Kings River and
the north fork cf the Kaweah.
SURVEYORS ARE MAKING
A KERN COUNTY MAP
Elaborate Chart for the Benefit
of Milling and Oil Men
Promised.
P.orfT TOWNSEND, Wash., Nov. 2.—
Owing to adverse weather encountered off
the Washington coast last Saturday the
barkentine. Katie Flicklnger returned to
this harbor this morning with several
feet of water In her hold. The Fllckinger
sailed from Tacoma the latter part of the
past week with a cargo of lumber con
signed to San Pedro. The master of the
Fllckinger reports that the schooner
Philippine also encountered the same
gale. The Flickinger will be compelled to
discharge her cargo and calk before con
tinuing on her present voyage. The Brit
ish steamer Tottenham arrived this morn
ing from San Francisco and reports hav
ing experienced heavy southeasterly
gales.. .She. will load lumber • at Port
Blakeley.- . . .
Barkentine Katie Flickinper Returns
to Port Townsend With
Water in Hold. ¦
STORMY SEAS DRIVE ,
VESSEL BACK TO PORT
SOIL YIELDS
GIANT TUSKS
BAKERSFIELD, Nov. 2.— B. F. Hoy. a
well-known rancher of this county, who
is now in jail awaiting trial," for grand
larceny, made an attempt to commit sui
cide early this morning by severing the
main artery in the left wrist with a T
shaped piece of tin sharpened to a fine
edge. Hoy was discovered by his fellow
prisoners and help arrived just in time
to save his life. l
The wounded man made several subse
quent attempts to tear off the bandages
and repeatedly asked 'for a gun to finish
the job. A guard was placed 'over him.
Hoy is accused of stealing a large quan
tity of honey and other farnf : products.
He was to have been arraigned this
this morning In th,e Superior to
gether with his nephew, Leonard West
ley, who is also held on the same charge.
Well-Known Kern County Rancher,
Accused of Crime, puts
an Artery.
TRIES TO END HIS LIFE
WHILE AWAITING TRIAL
Sheriff Nesbitt was warned that the
man was armed with a rifle, two revol
vers and a belt of cartridges. When the
man arrived at Riverbank an effort was
made to apprehend him and, although
shots were exchanged, he escaped.
Through the streets of this city he gal
loped wiidly, returning shot for shot with
a posse, and escaping unhurt. Along the
county road, in response to telephone
messages a number <rt posses attempted
to head him off, but he eluded thejn.
The latest news of the fugitive came
from Sargents, where it was said the
man, had left his horse and taken to
the hills, being pursued by parties from
Gilroy.
SALINAS, Nov. 2.— Sheriff J^esbitt was
notified from Coral de Tierra this even
ing to watch for a man who is accused
of horse stealing and burglary and who,
it is alleged, took a horse from his em
ployer, A. Braemer. The man has given
the various names of Delman, Belman
stein and Siegfried von Berkenfeld. One
identification makes him a former Ger
man student who left his home in the
fatherland on account of some trouble.
H. S. Allen, cltrk of the City School
Board, says his department would be run
in debt between $3'j0,O00 and $400,000 with
out the levy. The county and the school
district could tide over the difficulty by
Issuing warrants and bonds, but the ex
pense entailed would be great.
Among the members of the Multnomah
delegation in the State Legislature it is
generally taken for grarAed that Gover
nor Chamberlain will call a special ses
sion to remedy the defect in the tax law
passed last winter. Despite the Gover
nor's known reluctance to convene the
Legislature, the opinion is virtually unan
imous that the need of legislative action
is too great to .-e ignored and that the
fact will be recognized by the Governor.
PORTLAND. Or.. Nov. 2.— Unless a spe
cial sess:on of the Oregon Legislature is
held to legalize the January levy the city
of Portland and Multncmah County will
b t without finances fur the ensuing year.
"Without the January tax levy the city
government cannot exist; it must go to
pieces," ?aid - Mayor Wiiliams to-day.
•The charter for the city of Portland
makes It illegal for the city to go into
Uebi. The coin must be in the treasury.
City Councilman who wouid" vote to con
tract a. debt would, under the existing
law. be guiltv of malfeasance in office.
Inert will be about $50,000 -with which to
run the city government after January 1
next. This amount is oniy a drop in the
bucket and would Last but. two months."
Multnomah County is .already thirteen
months behind in its warrants and the
debt would increase at .the rate of $20,000
a month unless the January tax levy
should be collected.
Governor Chamberlain Is Reluctant
to Call Lawmakers Together,
but May Be Obliged to
Take Such Action.
Fugitive Is Reported to Have Aban
doned His Mount and Taken to
the Hills in the Gilroy
Begion. -
Taxes Cannot Be Levied
Without a Legislative
tension.
Bullets Exchanged as He
Gallops Furiously and
Escapes.
BUSY FIREBUGS
ALARM THE TOWN
Creffield and Brooks were anxious to
leave the Hurt House early in the after
noon, but a crowd hung around the place
all day, and neither cared to attempt
flight under . such ominous conditions.
Late in the afternoon, however, the
crowd began to dwindle and, choosing a
convenient opportunity. Brooks left the
place and walked hurriedly away. There
are reports to the effect that he is still
hiding at one of the four or five houses
in town in which the families in whole
or in part are "Holy Roller?," but the
general impression is to the contrary.
Crefiield took his leave an hour later. A
buggy appeared at the door of the Hurt
House, the apostle hurriedly entered it
and the conveyance was driven swiftly
away, going south. Its destination is
supposed to have been an East Side town,
where an overland train could be board
ed. Had the apostles remained in town it
is common belief that there would have
been further demonstrations. The public
believe Creffleld and Brooks were leading
the converts Into delusions and conditions
likely to produce insanity. The destruc
tion of furniture has not been confined
entirely to the Hurt House, but converts
in other immediate localities have burned
their earthly possessions. The apostles
taught their members to withdraw wholly
from the world and have nothing to do
with those who remained outside the
fold of the "Holy Rollers."
CORVALLIS. Or.. Nov. 2.— The flight of
Apostles Creffleld and Brooks from town
is the latest development in the sensation
caused here by the sect known as the
"Holy Rollers." They went without cer
emony. Creffleld, in a swiftly driven bug
gy, going south, and Brooks, it is sup
posed, departing on foot. Fear of bodily
harm, it is said, was the incentive for
their flight.
After successfully establishing their
sanity before the County Board on Sat
urday the so-called apostles returned to
the Hurt House. As they left the jail they
were teld of a strong public sentiment
against them and they were advised to
leave town. They laughed at the idea,
raying the Lord would protect his own.
Yesterday about noon Mr. Hurt, the
owner of the Hurt House, and a new
convert to -the sect, accompanied by his
son, visited the Sheriff and demanded
protection, adding that ff the county
authorities would ' not- protect the Holy
Rollers from outrage he would appeal to
the Governor. The Sheriff promised as
sistance and spent most of the night in
the Hurt House. Although a large crowd
Stood around the house all day until a
late'hour, no demonstration was made.
TACOMA, Wash.; Nov. i ; — A .riot oc
curred Saturday night at Pullman, Wash.,
and 250 students of the State* Agricultural
College gave City Marshal Baymiller and
his three deputies an unwelcome shower
bath because of their interference in the
annual contest for. supremacy between
sophomores and freshmen. - ;
The freshmen had decided to select
Halloween night to take the. sophomores
in hand to demonstrate their; superiority.
The sophomores were greatfy outnum
bered, but put up a plucky fight. The
freshmen had succeeded in tieing three of
their opponents when the offers arrived.
Securing a lire hose they turned a full
stream of cold water on th ; e struggling
mass of students. ,
Full of resentment the students turned
j in a body on the officers. In a few mo-
I ments the marshal and his deputies were
' soaked to the skin. A struggle for pos
session of the hose followed-? and during
the melee the hose was ruined with
knives. One deputy was carried to the
river's edge, but released upo.n his prom
ise to go home.
The students then hustled levery mov
able vehicle to a - common point on the
main street, despoiled the city watering
wagon of wheels and wound up the night
by filling the vehicle shed with cord
wood. * '
Special Dispatch to Tl»e ' Call.
Financial Prospect in
Oregon's Metropolis
Alarming:
Prospect of Riotous Demon
stration Hastens the
Departure.
Alleged Horse Thief
Pursued Through Sal
inas Streets.
Suffer in a Furious
Fight. '"'
Marshal and His \ Deputies
Apostles of the Strange
Oregon Sect Make
Escape.
Riot at tha Washington
State Agricultural
College*
CITY FEARS
DISRUPTION
BY POVERTY
ARMED RIDER
FIRES UPON
THE POSSE
STUDENTS ROUT
CITY OFFICERS
"HOLY ROLLERS"
FEAR CITIZENS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL. TUf SPAY. NOVEMBER 3, J903.
A Guaranteed Cure for Piles..
Itching. Ullnd. Bleedin* or Protruding Pi1*«.
Tcur drapclM will refund money If Pazo
OiDtmc&t falls to cure you is 6 to 11 days. 00c*
VICTORIA, B. C. Nov. 2.— The steamer
Amur, which arrived to-day from Skag
way, reports a new strike' sixty miles
north of the Alsek digging's, northwest of
White Horse, where the ('discoverer took
out $700 in ten days in nuggets and coarse
gold from the surface. /A stampede was
on from White Horse, i
Miners Strike a Treasure Field.
Lane's defeat is conceded. Ruef and
S Sc&mitz arc maklnar a desperate itrujr
j trie to keep the string's of municipal
g-overnment in their grasp that they
may load themselves with spoils. The
citizens of- San Francisco should strive
to pile np a jrreat majority for 'Henry
J. Crocker, not only for safety' but' to
deal a crashing 1 blow to those who would
! fatten off the money of the people.
PORTLAND, Ore., Nov. 2.— The strike
of the longshoremen inaugurated here
yesterday has been emicably settled. The
men struck for 55 'cents Si hour for load
ing mixed cargoes andVthe steamship
owner? and contracting stevedores .at • this
port have a creed to increase the stipend
of the men, but the terms axe not given
Strike of Longshoremen" Settled.
2
|>nly Live Fiih
S\^lnri up Stream
'•> '¦'¦ '¦'•'- "; ' ¦ I ' \
IV-' • • . * ?
t Which way you going?
¦ ¦ ' V ....
— rv 'V ' t . . ... -.*¦-¦
;W'\t\\ a clear head to steer
a ; strong body, you can do
, things and win Both
can be built by proper food. In -^
The brain building elements are
so prominent* that a 10 days trial
* shows renewed brain and thinking
power, especially where brain-fag
or nervous prostration have been at
. ] work,
You may be sure that any stomach
can handle Grape-Nuts food and
get all the nutriment needfed for it
has been fed in hundreds of cases
where .no other food covlld be kept
on the stomach and it has NEVER
FAILED
These are the reasons why Grape-Nuts is acknowledged
The Most Scientific Food in the World <
It is toothsome and delicious.
Government analysis
The London * 4 Lancet"
Thousands of physicans
Sanitariums, Hospitals
and the healthy, contented
people who eat over
of Grape-Nuts every day
(The number is increasing daily)
• ¦ 'i ' ¦ . . . . ¦
N * ._. 9 x [ i
A X A^w A "\y w * VMvw**
ThinKit over.
Look for the famous little took, "The Road to Wellville" fon'nd
in each package %
Made *t the Pure food factories* of the Postum Cereal Co.* Ltd.!
Battle Creek, Mich.Besiesber that S17.000.000 is to be
¦£pest c» public improvements. Thas*
wM 1<m " come out of your taxes. So
you want Abe Xnef. Garm JCcVab and
Martin Kelly to direct tha czpendttar*
of this vast sum? Xf not. rat* fox
Henry J. Cxccier.
INAVALE. N. T.. Xov. 2.— S. B. Staaton,
rice president of the "National Protectlre Le
gion, is dead.
Revolution in Colombia.
PANAMA, Nov. 2.— News has been re
ceived here from Barranquilla, on the
Atlantic side ofCoIombia, that a formid
able revolutionary movement is to be in
augurated very soon. The Liberals are
said to have received munitions of war
from tee Government of Venezuela.
Bepnblicaai should pay no attention
to Democratic advice ccncernlssr the
manner of voting under the new ballot
law. Put tne Z In tne circle at tho
head of the Republican column and tho
ballot will be counted for Henry J.
Crocker.
DES MOINES, Iowa, Nov. 2.—Non-par
tisan observers predict a Republican plu
rality of from 50,000 to 55,000 to-morrow.
Governor Cummins claims 60,000. Repub
lican Chairman Spence gives no figures
and Democratic Chairman Jackson ad
mits a Republican plurality of 29,000. *
Icwa Conceded to Cummins.
OAKLAND. Nov. 2.— Trial of a suit for
$10.()00 damages for alleged false -imprison
ment brought by Oscar ilyfell against J.
P. Maxwell was begen before Judge Og
den to-day. Maxwell swore to a com
plaint and had Myfell arrested for petty
larceny. Myfell was acquitted and he now
claims that he was damaged to the ex
tent cf the sum named.
Wants S1O,OOO Damages.
NEW YORK, Nov. 2.— The visible sup
ply of grain Saturday. October 21,'as com
piled by the New York Produce Exchange,
is as fellows: Wheat, 22,216,000 bushels'
decrease 268,00); corn. 7,332,000 bushels In
crease S00O; oats, 8.92)jOOO bushels, increase
1.357,000; barley. 4,3S3,C0O bushels decrease
114,000 bushels.
Visible Supply of Grain.
New Jersey Safely Republican.
TRENTON. N. J.. Nov. i— Unless the
unexpected occurs the Republicans will
retain control of both houses of the New
Jersey Legislature as the result of to
morrow's el-iction. Only six Senators are
to be elected and to gain control of the
upper house the Democrats will have to
elect all of them, which Is not considered
probable. Tlie contest in Jersey City be
tween Mayor Mark Fagan and his Dem
ocratic opponent. Police Justice James G.
Murphy, pronlises to be exciting.
DENVER. Co!o.. Nov. 2.— The court
martial which heard testimony on charges
filed by Adjutant General Bell against
Brigadier General John Chase, comman
der of the National Guard of Colorado,
this evening found General Chase guilty
of "technical disobedience of orders."
The vote was 6 to 4.
Finds General Chase Guilty.
Navy orders — Assistant Surseou M. K.
Elmer, Independence to Pensacola; Acting
Assistant Surgeon V. Dabney, Pensacola
to recruiting duty; Acting Assistant Sur
geon R. B. Chapman to Mare Island yard.
Army order— Lieutenant Colonel Joseph
Garrard, Fourteenth Cavalry, from. De-
Fartment of California to the Philippines.
"WASHINGTON, Nov. 2.— PostoCice dis
continued November 14: jOregoa— Iladley
ville. Lane County, mall to Crow.
Postnuisters commissioned: Oregon—
G«orge E. I>ee. GJenwood. Washington-
James Wilder, Blewett.
Postcf flee Changes and Appointments
and Orders Affecting Army
and Xavy Officers.
OF INTEREST TO PEOPLE
OF THE PACIFIC COAST
Republicans Claim Bryan's State.
LINCOLN. Nebr., Nov. 2.— Chairman
Lindsay of. the Republican committee In
sists that, with an average vote, the
State ticket will win by 15,000. Chairman
Webber of »he fusion committee has no
figures to offer.
SALT LAKE, Utah. Nov. i— Pluralities
of from 1000 to 1300 are claimed for both
the Republican and Democratic tickets In
to-morrow's municipal election. On ac
count of the bitterness which has marked
the campaign an exceptionally heavy vote
Is looked for.
Salt Lake Expects Heavy Vote.
NEW TORK, Nov. 2. — George W.
Beavers, the indicted former postal offi
cial, was formally committed by Commis
sioner Hitchcock to-day to the custody of
the United States Marshal, pending the
action of the United States Circuit Judge
on the warrant for the removal of
Beavers to the Jurisdiction of the Eastern
district of New York for trial
on the Brooklyn indictment. He
was admitted by Judge Holt to
J3000 ball pending the court's de
cision. Action was taken by Beavers'
counsel to vacate the warrants for hi3
removal to Washington for trial on the
last three Washington indictments.
Beavers being surrendered and applica
tions for writs of habeas corpus being
made for his release on the ground that
simultaneous proceedings for his removal
to different districts are illegal. On these
applications Beavers was admitted to
$CCCO bail by Judge Holt, the total bail on
which he is held being reduced from
522.000 to JSOOO.
The Brooklyn indictment is in connec
tion with the Brandt-Dent contract for
automatic cashiers.
Indicted Former Postal Official Is
Admitted to $5000 Bail.
BEAVERS IS COMMITTED.
BOSTON, Nov. 2.— With good weather
to-morrow, party managers agree, a
heavy vote will be cast In Massachusetts,
not only for Governor, but for the entire
State ticket, as well as for minor ofBce3
and members of the Legislature.
Not In many years have the Democrats
worked so hard and their efforts have so
thoroughly stirred up their opponents
that the State has not been better can
vassed in ten years. Edward E. McSwee
ney, the campaign manager of William A.
Gaston, leader of the Democratic ticker,
said to-day:
"We are perfectly satisfied. The voters
will tell our story."
Thomas Talbot, chairman of the Re
publican State Committee, said of the
prospects cf Republican success:
"Issues have passed away, but the peo- '
pie of this State can be depended on 'to
morrow to recognize honesty and fidelity
such as Governor Bates has shown."
Both Parties Put Up Unusually En
ergetic Struggle for Votes.
OLD BAY STATE STIRRED.
Kaydcn underwent tracheotomy three
years ago and since then could not eat
with safety without a silver tube in his
throat. Last night, however, the tube
was in his pocket when he entered a res
taurant and ordered coffee and dough
nuts. *
CHICAGO, Nov. 2.— His wild gesticula
tions mistaken for the frenzy of a maniac,
Frank Hayden was allowed to choke to
death las: right. A piece of doughnut
lodged in his threat, depriving .him of the
power of speech, and when he struck
himself on the back and beckoned pas
s^rsby to aidTiim no one ventured near.
When, with falling strength he tried to
insert a silver tube in his throat somt
one shouted: "Look out. he is going to
shoct'." and the spectators fled in terror.
The police arrived at length in reply to
a summons to capture an Insane man,
but Haydon was dead.
His Struggles for Breath Mistaken
for Insanity an*l Onlookers
Withhold Assistance.
CHICAGO MAN. CHOKES
TO DEATH ON DOUGHNUT
DSULWABB. O.. Nov. 2. — Joseph E:e»jt. the
yousc farmer who recently p'.^adeil cuHty to
the ctirse of ha.vir« assaulted Prince Ye*.
j^ctjcl son cf the Emperor of Korea, tu
sentenced to m»« thirty days in Jail an-1 to
pay a. Cse of tZZ a=d corts.
JACKSON. Miss., Nov. 2.— The day be
fore the general State election finds the
votera apathetic. The Democratic ticket
has no opposition. In the August primary
nearly SO.OOO ballots were cast, but It Is
doubtful if K.GOO votes will be polled to
morrow.
Only One Ticket in Mississippi.
HONOLULU, Nov. i— The Home Rule
leaders here claim to have received a
cable message from Congressional Dele-,
gate Kalanianaole. who is now at Co
lumbus, Ohio, supporting them la their
opposition to tha confirmation by the Sen
ate of the appointments of Carter and
Dole to be Governor and United States
District Judge, respectively. To a mes
sage of inquiry sent to Prince Kalanian
aole. the Delegate replied denying that
he has taken any such position in the
matter. The Home Rulers will send to
Washington resolutions of protest against
the appointments.
Home Rulers Will Protest.
While there are several doubtful coun
ties, the most important one Is Cuya
hoga, the home of Hanna and Clarke,
and of Herrick and Johnson, the candi
dates for Senators and Governor. If the
Republicans carry that county with Its
four Senators and ten Representatives
they will undoubtedly have the largest
majority on. joint ballot in the Legisla
ture that was ever known. Without Cuy
ahoga County the Republicans claim they
will have the Senate 22 to 11, and the
House 74 to 37, with a majority of 43 on
joints ballot, "but in this estimate they
Include Franklin and other doubtful coun
ties In the Republican list. By including
Cuyahoga and other doubtful counties in
their list, the Democrats claim that they
would have the Senate 17 to 16, and the
House 57 to 53, with a majority of 5 on
joint ballot. v .
It has been raining all day to-day in
most of the State and rain Is predicted
for Ohio again to-morrow. The Repub
licans have expected gains from the rural
districts and the Inclement weather may
make the rural vote Hsht.
One statement from the Democratic
State headquarters' says the Legislature
might stand on joint ballot 76 Democrats
to 71 Republicans. Republicans are of
fering bets on as high as .o.OOO plurality
and that the majority on joint ballot In
the Legislature will exceed that of two
years ago, when the Republicans carried
several Democratic districts and counties
and had the unusual plurality of 35 on
joint ballot in re-electing Senator For
aker.
The Republicans claim that Johnson will
be defeated for Governor by 100,000 plu
rality.
It may be difficult to ascertain the re
sult in Ohio to-mcrrow niehi from in
complete or early returns. Under the new
municipal code enacted by the last Leg
islature the wards and precincts in all
places of 5000 population and over were
changed this year, so that the vote to
morrow night cannot be compared with
that of any previous election, except on
such returns as come from the rural dis
tricts and towns' of less than 5000 popu
lation.
COLUMBUS, Ohio, Nov. 2.-On the eve
of the election the estimates of the two
parties continue to represent the two ex
tremes. .The Democrats give no figures
on the State ticket and claim only a bare
majority ' in the Legislature, while the
Republicans claim a larger plurality, with
a single exception, than ever before on
the State ticket and almost twice as large
a majority in the Legislature as ever be
fore.
ties Will Be Exceeded.
Republicans Claim Previous Plurali-
NO DOUBT AS TO OHIO.
BERKELEY, Nov. 2.— The Ladies' Aid
Society of the Trinity Methodist Church
cleared 5100 at the recent "rummage sale"
in West Berkeley. The report of Its suc
cess was received at the meeting ot ths
society held yesterday.
Rummage Sale Successful.
'"•Final Round-TJp of Voters in the
Mountain State.
DENVER, Nov. 2.— The c.-alrmen of the
political parties have been doing all in
their power to-day to line up their forces
so that they can show their full strength
In to-morrow's election for a Jud^e of
the State Supreme Court. Republican
Chairman Fairley said Judge Campbell
would be re-elected by S00O to 10,00) plu
rality, if there should be no" repeating"
In Denver, and added that no frauds
would be permitted to defeat the will of
the voters. Milton Smith, chairman of
the Democratic -.ate Committee, said:
"Wilson's plurality in Denver will be
from 6000 to 10,000. We expect to carry
the rest of the State by a small plu
rality. We will do our best to prevent
any fraudulent votes betng cast."
Populist Chairman A. B. Gray ventured
the opinion that there was a strong prob
ability of the election of Owers. Consid
erable money was wagered to-day at 10")
to 70 la favor of Campbell as against
Wilson.
COLORADO LEADERS BUSY.
POTTSVILLE. Pa.. Xov. 2. — Worked
into a frenzy as a result of aa altercation
with one of his brothers. Benjamin
Franklin Weissenger. living on a farm
severr.1 mile3 from this city, this after
noon shot and killed his two brother?:.
Loul3 and Frederick; attempted to kill
his sister Mary and a siater-in-law, wif-s
of Frederick, and held a large posse of
policemen at bay for nine hours before he
was captured. The tragedy occurred on
the farm cf the father of the men.
Weiasenger is believed to be insane.
Then Attempts Lives of Sister ar.d
Sister-in-La-w and Defies Po
lice for Hoars.
PENNSYLVANIA FAB2IEB
KTLLS HIS TWO BBOTHZBS
A special train will carry the President
and his party to Oyster Bay. where It Is
due to arrive at 1 o'clock. After remain-
Ing at Oyster Bay for an hour, the Presi
dent will start back for Washington,
reaching there at S o'clock to-morrow
right.
The President reached the station short
ly after 10 o'clock and sat in his car until
midnight.
WASHINGTON. Nov. 2. — President
Roosevelt left here to-night for Oyster
• Bay, where he will vote to-morrow. The
President was accompanied by Secretary
Cortelyou and Mr. Loeb, and occupied
a private car attached to the regular 12:10
train fcr New York on the Pennsylvania
road.
WJUL VOTE AT OYSTER BAY
President Roosevelt Leaves Capital
in Special Train for His Hone.
row by about 3»> plurality, which Is a
loss of 3C0Q from last year's victcry, while
the Republicans "express their belief that
Colonel Colt will win the Governorship by
from C«0OO to 7C0O.
It was stated to-day by a member of
the Cabinet that for years it has been
the custom for those having the contract
for printing the stamps to furnish to the
Third Assistant Postmaster General what
are known as proof sets. Contrary to the
general Impression these proofs are print
ed on cardboard and are of no commercial
value, being simply specimens. In thi3
instance the contractor was the Govern
ment printing ofSce. and it is slated on
the highest authority that fewer sets
were called for than ever before. General
Bristow, under instructions from the
Postmaster General, has the, matter in
hand, but the statement was made by
the member of the Cabinet referred to
that the custom of permitting persons to
have proof sets was a lor.g established
one.
"I court the fullest and most search
ing investigation. It will show the ab
solute falsity of such charges. There
has not been during my administration
a single stamp sold or a single proof of
a stamp sold by me to any collector or
to any other person whatsoever. Any
statement to the contrary is false."
Postmaster General Payne eaid to-day
while the charges made in the philatelic
organ were not directed against Sir. Mad
den the allegations, however, Involved his
ofEce.
"WASHINGTON, Nov. ;.— Postmaster
General Payne to-day admitted that an
investigation is b^ing made of charges in
volving the ofSce of Third Assistant Post
master General Madden in connection
with the speculation of philatelists In
certain valuable specimen postage stamps.
The charges were made in a philatelic
organ in April, 1302, but were only brought
to the attention of the President and
Postmaster General, it is said, iairt Fri
day, when an Investigation of the mat
ter was Immediately ordered. The in
vestigation is still In progress. Madden
to-day gave out a statement In which he
says:
Skellej- and Connolly, upon arraignment
to-day, pleaded not guilty to a suspicion
of arson and they w«-r<» rcmanc"ed for ex
amination on November 4.
Fratik Connolly, Zl years old. and Peter
SI.- Hej . ~S years of age. former waiters
ir. trie Albatross Hotel at Sheepshead
walk ar.d the Bowery, are locked up,
rharyrf r.-;;h arson on the strength cf a
KtaTfoent made by Carney 'VTolf. propri
etor at * Klines lavr hotel at the island.
VVdf Bays that on Friday night Con-
DoQy ar.. .SlceUe;.- in the prese-ce of a
crowd said :hat things were getting dull
on the Island ar.d they be'.i-ved they
would liven the place up with a fire. Wolf
gays he ?a»- them start a fire, which he
extinguished. Yesterday, he asserts, they
started a s«-cer.d Sre. He arrived just as
the iUrnes .rhut up, but was unable to
control then: .is he had done on Friday,
and he gave tbe alarm. When he saw his
cm £lacf £- up iike tinder and heard
that his brother-in-law, Albert Rubin, had
hi* skull Cnctsred by >ap!ng from a
mindow to sav*- hir3«<rif he told the police
cf Connolly £.nd Sktliey.
The etory cf the alleged incendiarism
spread over the inland while the flames
were at their height and feeling against
Connelly and Skeliey ran high.
To-day there was gr»at scarcity of food
or. the Island ar.d huncire<is are suffering
for the ordinary necessities of life.
NEW TORIC Nov. :.— Fourteen solid
b!ocks of bul!dir:g-s in ruins, one life lost.
two score persons injured. 500 persons
homeless ztA a £nan«*ial loss of $1,500.00)
Is the result of an alleged drunken freak
at Coney Island yesterday.
There are seven large charts of Cana
dian design in General Foster's hands
awaiting filing in the Department, each
bearing the signatures of the American
commission and Lord Alverstone, and
these will constitute permanently the
record of the boundary between Alaska
and British Columbia,
Contrary to the common impression.
Canadian charts will be used as a basis
for the survey work. It appears, accord
ing ro General Fester, that the Canadians
spent an ecorcouj sum of money in the
preparation of their case, and the work
of their chartographers, being very much
mere extensive and elaborate than that
produced as part of the American case,
¦was accepted by the commission as the
standard.
Tht finding? of the commission, as they
will be deposited in the State Department,
comprise three pages of closely engrossed
matter and bear the signature of the
American commissioners. Lord Alver
stone and the American Secretary-
WASHINGTON*. Xov. 2. — John W.
Foster, agent for the L'nited States before
the Alaskan boundary commission, has
arrived in Washington, bringing the of
ficial text of the conin:i?sion's findings
and all the records of the American case.
General Foster had an interview with
Secretary Hay. in further explanation of
the actual results obtained in London.
and later in the day dined with the Presi
dent. Upon the delivery cf the findings,
together with General Foster's own re
port, within a few days Secretary Hay
will enter into negotiations ¦with the
liritish Government for the appointment
cf expert surveyors to mark the lines of
the boundary as they have been described
Ly the commission.
American Agent Back
From the London
Hearing.
Two Men Responsible
for Fire at Coney
Island.
den Are Being In
vestigated
Charg-es Against Mad-
BALTIMORE. Xov. 2.— Though the close
of the State campaign was announced on
Saturday nl?ht tho two candidates for
Governor did not relax their active labors
until late to-night. Edwin Warfleld, the
Democratic nominee, spent the entire day
in Howard County, his home county. Ste
venson A. Williams, the Republican can
didate, reached Baltimore to-day.
Chairman Murray A. Vandlver of the
Democratic State Central Committee and
Chairman John B. Rannai of the Repub
lican Committee have issued lengthy ad
dresses to their respective parties, in
which strong appeals are made to support
the party nominees.
At to-morrow's election the polls will
be open at 0 a. m. and close at 5 p. m..
the Australian secret system of voting
being in force. Eoth parties expect a full
vote and an orderly and chalet election.
Marshal Farahan of the l J olice Depart
ment announced to-day that the whole
police force will be on duty at the polls
to-morrow. This morning the ballots
were placed In the hands of the Police
'Department and they were distributed to
niffht.
Campaign Is Vigorously Waged Up
to the Last Moment.
MAEYLAND AWAITS BESTJXT.
MORE PROBING
IN POSTOFFICE
DRUNKEN FREAK
COSTS $1,500,111
FOSTER BRINGS
ALASKAN AWARD
There is a split in the Democracy, a fac
tion dividing from the regulars with a
full city and State ticket under the head
ing cf the "Independent party."
City Chairman Donnelly of the regular
Democrats, when asked for his opinion on
the outlook, -aid:
"The Regular Democratic ticket should
poll at least 40,000 votes in Philadelphia
to-morrow."
"The Republican candidates on the city
ticket should be elected by a majority of
at least 100,000."
The campaign has been a quiet one
throughout, there having been fewer
mass-meetings and less political oratory
than In many previous years. Senator
Penrose, chairman of the Republican
State organization, said to-day:
"The Republican State ticket should be
elected by a majority cf not less than 130,-
OCO and the figures may reach 175,000."
Insurance Commissioner Durham, who
is in control of the Republican organiza
tion in this city, said:
PHILADELPHIA. Xov. 2.— The general
opinion, as expressed by the- Republican
leaders. Is that Pennsylvania will to-mor
row give its usual off-year majority for
the Republican candidates. The Demo
cratic State chairman and other Demo
cratic State Uaders decline to give fig
ures, merely contenting themselves with
the prediction that a full Democratic vote
will be cast.
Majority for the Republican Ticket
May Reach 175,000.
PENNSYLVANIA'S OUTLOOK.
John R. Mcli«an of Cincinnati through
a commissioner sent in $10,000 to bet at 10
to 9 on McClellan.
The polls will open to-morrow at 6 a. m.
and close at 5 p. m. The Indications are
for fine weather, a heavy vote and a close
finish.
Some of the Broadway hotels to-night
presented the most animated appearance
that the;- have given so I'ar during the
campaign, as betting men were about irf
crowds offering all sorts of beta for and
against the two candidates for the Mayor
alty. The prevailing odds were 10 to 3
on McClellan.
Tammany made its 'final preparations
for the struggle to-night by the distribu
tion of sinews of war to the amount of
between $130,000 and $200,000 to the district
leaders for election expenses.
An Interesting minor feature of the sit
uation^ was the declaration to-day by Dep
uty Attorney General T. C. C. Crain that
the destruction of the houses of 500 voters
in the fire at Coney Island yesterday, be
ing "an act of God," could not be used as
a pretext for depriving them of the right
to vote.
While abating nothing in confidence the
fusionist lpacier? claim no more than 30,-
OiM plurality for Low, .-ilthougn it is said
thnt their desert estimates point to a ma
jority of about half that figure. The
fu?ioni. c ts nui their faith on their ability
to carry Brooklyn by at least 2>,000.
which, with estimated pluralities of 3000
in the Brunx and 2000 In Richmond and a
drawn battle in Queens, -will suffice to
handsomely offset the conceded plurality
of 12,<)00 for McClellan in Manhattan.
EVEN DEVERY IS CONFIDENT.
Not to lag behrnd the other combatants
In confidence, William S. Devery an
nounces that he expects to poll not less
than 45 per cent of the total registered
vote. Devery was elated to-night when
Police Commissioner Greene consented to
have his returns telephoned to headquar
ters with those of Low and MeCleUan in
stead of being sent in by messenger with
those of the rest of the field. Considerable
interrst attaches to the size of the vote
that Devery will control and it may have
a serious influence on the results.
The usual reports of "colonization" on
a large scale are still industriously circu
lated and the campaign or State Superin
tendent Morgan to check illegal voting,
which was concluded to-day by the sum
moning of sex'eral hundred witnesses to
headquarters to testify to hundreds of
cases of illegal registration, has been the
most complete LnQCisition undertaken in
the history of the city. No less than
three thousand suspicious cases have been
investigated out of a total registration of
625.SS0, and It is probable that many ar
rests will be made to-morrow. Every
polling place will be under the close scru
tiny of the superintendent's, deputies, who
will have the assistance of the strongest
force of watchers ever placed at the polls,
organized by the Citizens* Union. With
these precautions it is predicted that ille
gal verting will be reduced to a minimum.
TAMMANY DISTRIBUTES COIN.
many loud in their predictions of
overwhelming triumph. So confident is
Charles FJ llurphy in his estimate' of 100,
000 plurality for HcClellan, based on the
reports of his district leaders, that to
night he published orders to go ahead
•with the preparations for a rousing cele
bration of the victory.
The estimate of John J. Delaney, ilc-
Clellan's , personal camraign manager,
places the plurality at S5.3D0. being 73,000
in Manhattan and the Bronx, 5M0 in
Brooklyn; 5o*»> in Queens and 1800 in Rich
mond. *
NEW YORK. Xov. 2.— "With every
indication of a close struggle to
morrow, the eve of battle flnd«
the leaders of fusion and Tam-
they add 5000 they expect the city of
Louisville and Jefferson County to give
their ticket. The Republican State Cam
paign Committee is confident of the elec
tion of Colonel Belknap and the entire Re
publican ticket. tstimating- the Republican
majority in round numbers at 12.W). The
Socialist and. Socialist-Labor parties have
full tickets in the field, but they cut abso
lutely no figure.
NEW YORK, Nov. a. — Fusion and Tammany leaders were busy to
day making final arrangements for the manning of the polls to
morrow. The Fusionists showed stronger faith in their chances
of victory than_ever and there was an air of hopefulness at their head
quarters.
Interest in the elections outside of Mew York is divided between
Maryland, Ohio, Rhode Island and Massachusetts. Conditions iri Mary
land are so rnixed that both parties are at sea. The in dependent vote is
likely to decide the contest. The Democrats in Ohio concede the elec
tion of Myron T. Herrick, the Republican candidate for Governor. The
Republicans expect a large majority in the Legislature. Both sides are
confident in Massachusetts, although the election of the Democratic can
didate for Governor would cause surprise. In Rhode Island the Re
publicans are confident they will elect their entire State ticket.
THE SAN FBAIsCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 3, 1903.
Indications Point to Close Contest in New York;
Ohio Will Give Large Republican Majority,
While Maryland and Kentucky Are Doubtful
PARTY MANAGERS IN EAST
AWAIT VERDICT OF VOTERS
Rhode Island in Doubt.
PROVIDENCE. R. L, Nov. 2.— The
Democratic leaders expect to win to-mor-
LOUISVILLE. Ky., Xov. 2.— The Demo
crats claim the State for Governor Beck
ham by a majority of 20,000, and to ttla
Conflicting Claims in Kentucky.
3
a p VTrftTTSTryrr; NTS.
r, /v\ e in . .
As Well as Women Are Kept
Off the Operating Table by
Electro-chemistry.
am. petes c. AjrozTssozr,
Pesai Grove P. O« Cal.
"After four years' «uffert2g from loss of blood
from my bladder, caused by a bleeding taraor.
and after many doctors had fail<*d to care me.
I was sent to a hospital in San FVandoco to be
operated upon. I was so weak from loss cf
blood that the hospital surgeon Informed my
wife that there was little chance to saTe my
life. It was decided that before tinder?ctn»
the dangerous surgical operation it would -t>«
best to try the E3«ctro-Oemlc treatment, so
my wife took me to the Electro-Chamlc Insti-
tute. 11* Grant avenne. an.l placed rae under
the Electro-Chenilc treatment. Ia thre-
menth*" time I was perfectly cared. The losa
cf blood had stopped. I had regained my lost
fiesh and strength and I was able to do rr.y
heavy work In the hay fields."*
(Signed) PETER C. AXDERSON.
Penas Grove P. O.. Cal.
CONSULTATION ff- f^ g- F"
and rllrr
X-RAY EXAMINATION I IlLL.
Specialties — Consumption, Catarrh.
Bronchitis, ArtTima. Cancers. Tosxors.
Deafness, Bead and Ear Hoists. Snen-
mitlim, Paralysis. HcxmUffla. Piles.
i Diseases of the Stomach, Liver. Kidney*
and Bowels. Special Sls«as«a at M«a and
Women. AH Cnronle Diseases.
HOME TREATMENT — If yon Uf at a dis-
tance, try to come for a personal examination.
If you can't come, write for Instructions fcr
hoiae examination and treatment.
ELECTRO-CHEMIC INSTITUTE,
118 OXAJTr Ainu Cor Post St.
SAJT FHJL3TCXSCO.
OfSce Hour* — » a. n. u 5 j. m. aad 7 to 3
p. sa dally: Sundays, 10 a. ir.. to I p. m.
Separate ajaruaeau for Uiiet aad g taUnata.
i* DR. KZLMER'S SWAMP-ROOT
NATURE'S GREATEST CURE
FOR MEN AD, WOMEN
Swamp-Root is the Most Perfect Healer and Natural
Aid to the Kidneys, Liver and Bladder
Ever Discovered.
L| irritation, pain or dull ache in the back
SWAMP-ROOT SAVED MY LIFE. -«« '*< n ™ la >«««* «« our wd^y,
J ne*d doctoring. If neglected now. the
disease advances until the face look«»
kId^«^edT OI «; P wlSa^BS? lPl * bOtU * ° f T ° Ur * ale Or SaUoW ' V" S r or tortE clrcle3 «*-
I had aa awfu! pain in niy back, over th« *; r } he *? es - '«*« 9wcU - a;jd
the heart acts badly-.
1 i^^>. There is comfort ia knowing that Dr.
y^^^^r^l^_<y^^\^ Kilmer's Swamp-root, the great kidney.
/x^^^^^^^S^^xS. liver and bladder remedy, fulfills every
/y^^^^-" 1 ?- -v^^v^Svyv wish in Quickly relieving such troubles.
/fp$£m0S^-'-' ¦• £^y^&^\\>. Il corrects inability to hold urine and
/J^^E^^^^^^'^^%i' :: '^v\ scalding r^'-n ir. passing It. a.-', over-
//ar^fcre^:-'^ lin^ • : : '&<f Y-' ; '.€$\\ comes that unpleasant necessity of
//a^^^Spi^ftj^^fijjjft" *^ v> '\\ being compelled to g?z up many ttrr. ?i
fir^&^£»£?* -^^^- J^T^ \\ during the r.'.?ht to urinate.
I^ .^S^^^ I I SWAMP-ROOT A BLESSING TO WJMEN.
l< r. ¦ J^J^r.u:.. r-Sy'jf •¦- M7 kidneys and fe!a.tier *av* rr.e rr*at
I * O-^^rigr]r^X\ - " trouble for over two months ar.d 1 suJTer*! ua-
kidneys, and had to urinate from four to s»ven ~j' : :.\.Sj£ \ ',•.*-•• - '¦?**$£;"£ ; II
tinges a nia:ht often with smarting and burning. ytV : .>;.--%if . ..Sir * i \
Brick dust would settle in the urine. I test '. ¦ .. "¦' . '.'. • -•^"^3* Ji
twenty pounds In two wee!i«. and thousbt I > : ' . "•fv'S^SL- '":'S^r?3- ! \
would soon die. I took the first dose of your jIV : -:--'.j4?Iw^ '. \\
Swamp-Root tn the evening at bed tine, aad '? ¦;& ]i: ¦\rt?£}5v«s^I^™**3c •* *¦ '¦• 1 1
wjj very much s'.irprls*<i; i had to urinate but \ \^i^f^J^f<ff?jtJj£!fQ^'Pr 7 t //
once that night, and the second ni^ht I did c >t V 3^1 VYclESaU>»3fi r T^?' 'Jk \ / /
?»t up until morning. I have used 't::r-*» bottlea \ V'-^ri^VJ^jP^f 7^^/ *' I •
<>'. Swamp-Root, ar.l to-day a.T. a* well as ever. VCiv^sSiv'^CSt^s
I an: a inrm-r. a-.d am -w^rk!r_z- every Jiy. , V?^^V^^£^"~^"£*^t\^V /
ar.l weirh 190 pounds, the -3-r» that I w»:?h» J . \vV\\V\W^r^k''* I'/XY/
before I »a= tik^n sick. Gratefully yonrs. *Rk«Vv
T. S. APKKH. Marsh Hill. Pa. W\\\\\mvVw7
Sec. F. A. and I. U. VH. vm\\ \\ \\*\>X
April 0. 1003. - < yjpy VS> • - >*V^ t*K*"9
Vft\ MPS. E. AUSTIN. 1/7/
There conies a time to both men and **-" ' T ~+
women Tvhert sickness and poor health
bring anxiety and trouble hard to bear; ; to'd misery. I became weak, emaciated and
disappointment seems to follow every ', very much nn down. I had sreat difficulty in
effort of physicians in our behrf*T«d KS5^«?36d!rt?S«^^I l K
remedies vre try have little or no effect. ; UM ,j a gampl* bottle or Dr. Kilmer-* Swasi^-
In many such cases serious mistakes are • Root. «*nt tne on my request. I experienced re-
made in doctortns. and not knowing I n * f * n<1 l J=«n«ilately bought of my drujnrlst
what the disease is or what makes us j \% r^ £^^ S^^f^^l
sick. Kind nature warns us by certain . cured me entirely. I can new stand on my fe*c
symptom*', which are unmistakable evi- ! »" *»»¦ without a=y bad symptom* whatever,
d.nce of danger, such as too frequent j 1™%$?^ *™%I>£ gSStS^
desire to urinate, scanty supply, scalding I id Xanau st.. Brooklyn. N\ T.
To Froze What SWAMP-ROOT, the Great Kidney, Liver and Bladder
Remedy Will do for YOU, Every Reader of The Call
tSaf Have a Sample Bottle FREE by Mail.
EDXTOBIAXi KOTICS — If you are sick or "feel badly" send at once to Dr.
Kilmer & Co.. BInshamton. N*. Y.. who will gladly send you by mail, imme-
diately, without cost to you. a sample bottle of Swamp-Root, and a book tell-
ing all about it. and containing many of the thousands upon thousands of testt-
monial letters received from men and women cured. In writing to Dr.
Kilmer & Co.. Binghamton. X. Y.. be sure to say that you read this generous
offer in the San Francisco Dally Call.
If you are already convinced that Swamp-Root is what you need, you can
purchase the resrular fifty-cent and one-dollar size bottles at the drug stores
everywhere. Don't make any mistake, but remember the name. Swamp-Root.
Dr. Kilmer's Swamp-Root, and the address. Binghamton. K. Y.. on every bottle.
AD V ERTTS KLTENTS.
There is only One (^^^
Genuine-Syriip O"f Fi^S, \ Jm^Jfl
The Genuine is Manufactured by the
Tf>e full name of the company, California Rijc Syrup Co., y'':'''':'-^^* 1^^^^^^
Is printed on the front of every package of the genuine.
The Genuine- Syrup of Figs- is for Sale, in Original
Packages Only, by Reliable Druggists Everywhere r€&S&-4>fSs
Knowing the above will enable one to avoid the fraudulent imita- V^-JP^&P^^S^
liens made by piratical concerns and sometimes offered by unreliable %s£££f "
ceskrs. The imitations are known to act injuriously and should \^^"$^©/^|®
therefore be declined. K^^^IS
Buy the genuine always if you wish to get its beneficial effects. »5S^V^V^f fip
It cleanses the system gently yet effectually, dispels colds and headaches fe$^.XMl|^i
when bilious or constipated, prevents fevexs and acts best on the W^^iteliip
kidneys, liver, stomach and bowels, when a laxative remedy is needed W/^S^'AW-
by men, women or children. Many millions know of its beneficial F& /i' Wm0M%
effects from actual use and of their own personal knowledge. It is the >^r^"^?-?^^fli
laxative remedy of the well-informed. J^Wi J 0^^ff"\v^
Always buy the Genuine- Syrup of Figs <S&0 J /i^^^SP
MANUFACTURED BY THE
Loybvilk.Ky SMi!*MietoectfH. fl W York.^ v J
* HOCEHnr CRTS ?Ht- BOTTtfi \ y :$p?M
&&r _ _ . '" ' -'y : - : 'ii '
NEW ADVERTISEMENTS.
IT IS FOR LADIES, TOO.
They Can Stop Their Hair Falling
Out With Eerpidde.
Ladies who have thin hair and whose
hair is falling o-.it can prevent the hair
falling- out and thicken the growth with.
Newbro's "Herpicide." Besides. Herpi-
cide is one of the most agreeable hair
dressings there is. Herpicide kills the
dandruff pern that eats the hair off at
the root. After the germ is destroyed
the root will shoot up and the hair grow
long as ever. Even a sample will con-
ctacc any lady that Newbro's Herpicide
is an indispensable toilet requisite. It j
contains r.o oil or grease, it will not
Ptain or dye. Sold by leading druggists.
S*nd 10c in stamps for sample to The
EZerptddC Co.. Detroit, Mich. *
t~ T -•"'- ¦^^*^ a^" | *^^^T^i*^^^
BEERS I
The Highest Prleed'bttl |
the Best Quality. |
8OLO EVERYWHERE. |
HZLJ>Eirr SfERCXNTILE CO.. H
Pacflc Cbaat Aceats. M
Take lemon, for instance;
Schilling's Best is 30 times as
strong as the usual extract-
Goes 30 times as far.CHARMING GIRL WHO BE
. CAME A BRIDE IN OAKLAND
YESTERDAY. - : .
NEW YORK, -Nov. 2. — Th* report of the en
gagement in London of I1.00O.0UO in gold for
transportation to New York was officially con
firmed at the National City Bank before the
close of tbe day..
OAKLAND, Nov. 2.— The estate of Wil
liam Leslie, consisting of $2300, which has
been in the hands of different Public Ad
ministrators for the last eighteen years,
was ordered by Judge Hall this! morning
to escheat to the State. There has been con
siderable trouble over the money at various
times and different persons have claimed
It as heirs of the deceased. No one, how
ever,' has been able to successfully estab
lish a right to it and to-day the * mat
ter was finally, disposed of by an order
that the money be turned into the State
treasury.
Escheats to State.
OAKLAND, Nov. 2.— The Board of Su
pervisors to-day appointed M. Hanley
night watchman at the Tax Collector's
office. C. H: O'Connor resigned as Jani
tor of the Hall of Records and was ap
pointed a copyist at $100 a month. Wil
liam Hunter succeeds O'Connor as Janitor.
Mrs. L. Ish was appointed a clerk In
the County Auditor's office In place of
Miss J. Ish. resigned.
Changes Among County Employes.
DOMESTIC FORT,
' 8EATTX.E — Sailed Nov 1— Stmr Humboldt.
for Skarway. Is'ov 2— Stmr Jfcmes Dollar, . for
San Francisco. Arrived Nov 2— Stmr Valen
cia, from Skagway. ?-. * "*.
Late Shipping Intelligence.
• OAKLAND, Nov. 2.— M^jc Schlueter.
proprietor of the Grand Rule Bazaar at
Ninth and Washington streets, has turned
the business over ', to the , San Francisco
Board of Trade for the benefit of his cred
itors. Mr. Schlueter will remain in charge
as, the agent of the board until the stock
is clospd out. which, will bec<Jon<! as soon
as possible, the premlsesj.havlng been
rented to other parties, whfjj'will take pos
session on the 1st of January.
Max Schlueter Turns Over Business.
OAKLAND, Nov. 2.-Dell8t- C. Good
enough was granted a divorce^o-day from
Wells .P. Goodenough on the,, ground of
cruelty. She was also given the custody
of their child and $39 a month alimony.
Suit for divorce was begun f | to-day by
Rachel Chrieten against Zotlaue Chrieten
on the grounds of habitual intemperance.
Elizabeth Burns has begun action for di
vorce against H. R. Burns Qi\ the ground
of desertion. They were married in Chi
cago in 1867. Hattie Colombej has asked
for a divorce from Carl Colqmbel on the
ground of cruelty. She also 'asks for the
custody of five minor children and $30 a
month alimony. " x
Wives Seek Separation.
OAKLAND, Nov. 2.— Complaint has
been lodged with City Superintendent of
Schools J. "VV. McClymonds against I. D.
Martin, principal of the Grant School, by
C. E. Hitchcock, a Deputy Sheriff of Pied
mont, who claims his son, 13 years old.
has been unduly punished by the princi
pal. Hitchcock avers that Martin threat
ened to have the peace officer arrested
when he went to the school to make ob
jections to the alleged ill treatment.
Superintendent McClymonds awaits the
filing of specific charges in the matter be
fore taking official action.
Deputy Sheriff Hitchcock Lodges a
jComplaint Against the Head
of the Grant School.
CLAIMS THE PRINCIPAL
I MISTREATED A BOY
The Ladies of the Grand Army of the
Republic, George H. Thomas -Circle No.
32.. w,lll hold an informal reception this
afternoon at Elks' Hall, 233 Sutter street.
Refreshments will be served at 4 o'clock.
The music section of the California Club
will hold its regular meeting on Thursday
afternoon at 3 o'clock, under the leadership
of Mme. Tojettl. The subject of the day
will be "The Evolution of; Oratorios."
Miss Ella McCloskey will sing selections
from Bach's "Christmas Oratorio" and
Handel's "Theodora." Dr. H. J. Stewart
will preside at the piano. ;' : ,
' '. '• • • ¦• ' • -
Mr. and Mrs. Gerhard Wempe, who are
spending their honeymoon abroad, are at
present in Geneva. " , >
• • •
is an auxiliary of the British and American
Union) gave a most enjoyable dance and
Dolly Varden party on Thursday evening.
The decorations were artistic and pa
triotic In character.
The club meets every 'Monday at the
headquarters in the Flood building, where
both Britishers and j Americans are wel
come.
OAKLAND, Nov. • 2.— The following
marriage licenses were ' issued by the
County Clerk to-day: John C. Figroeyd,
aged 26 years, Oakland, and Annie A.
Marcelene, 21, Redwood Canyon: Wil
liam H. Alexander, over 21, and Hattie
Y. Welch, over IS, both of San Fran
cisco; Henry T. Osborne, 31, and Anna
Brown, 21, both of San Francisco; Joseph
H. Martin, over 21. and Minnie E. Wrat
ten, over 18, both of Oakland: Francis
M. Trucker, 45, and Hazel J. Ish, 25, both
of Oakland.
Marriage Licenses.
OAKLAND, Nov. 2.— The Board of Ed
ucation this evening recommended that
Miss M. J. Shaw, a teacher at the Frarfk
lin School, who was accused by F. J.
Newsome of treating his little daughter
with unnecessary severity, be reprimand
ed by the board for her action. A motion
was made by Director Isaacs that. In
view of the fact that the little girl Is
still In a precarious condition as a re
sult of the treatment she received. Miss
Shaw be suspended for the remainder of
the present term.
This motion was seconded by Directors
Hardy and Randolph, but was voted
down. Director Hardy made a special
report from the committee on school
bonds. He said that the committee had
agreed that the school bond election be
held at the same time as the city bond
election, provided that the date decided
upon by the council was not remote, as
the council wishes that all the proposed
bonds be balloted upon at the same time.
Motion to Suspend Teacher for
Rest of Term Is Voted
Down.
RECOMMENDS REPRIMAND
FOR MISS Mi J. SHAW
During the racing season more than
$1,000,000 a day Is wagered on horses.
' OAKLAND, Nov. 2.— County Recorder
Grim has discovered that the binding of
between forty and fifty books of record
has. been torn and cut until It will ne
cessitate having them rebound. This
piece of vandalism was of sufficient im
portance in his estimation to warrant the
employment of a private detective to try
to discover who the guilty person is.
Most of the books that suffered are old
books of mortgages in .use twenty years
ago, but little used now. The interior of
the books were not damaged or the per
son, If detected, could be prosecuted for
the mutilation of a public record. As it is
it has only been the outside of the books
that have been attacked. Some of them
are bo badly torn that the entire back on
one side or the other Is hanging loose. In
most of the cases, however, the work of
destruction has not gone so far as this.
Binding of Numerous Books of
Record Cut and Torn by
Miscreants.
VANDALISM IS DISCOVERED
IN RECORDER'S OFFICE
ALAMEDA, Nov. 2.— James A. Pariser,
a prominent resident, ate his lunch In a
Ban Francisco restaurant at noon to-day,
„ partaking freely of boiled beef. This
, evening at 6:20 o'clock he passed away in
| great agony at his home here, 2245 Cen
; tral avenue. Ptomaine poisoning Is
thought to have caused his demise, and
i an autopsy will be held to determine il
this surmise is correct. Pariser was em
ployed by the Hicks-Judd company* Me
dined at noon and at 4 o'clock was strick
en with violent stomach pains. When he
arrived home he was attended by Dr. T.
P. Tisdale, who exerted all his skill to
relieve the patient, but without success.
Pariser was a native of England, aged
1 D8 years, and had resided in Alameda for
nine years. He was a member of the
Odd Fellows and the Royal Arcanum and
as an angler was known all over 'Cali
fornia. He had always enjoyed good
health and his sudden demise will come
as a shock to his many friends.
Deceased is survived by a wife, Annie
S. Pariser, and flye children, Mrs. George
H. Whitney. Mrs. George Max Webster,
Alfred D., Harry M. and Russell A. Par
iser. The last named is widely known as
a baseball player and singer.
pledges for more than" $2000.' ?:
W. M. White of Ban Franciscb presided
at the meeting this morning. He an
nounced that the national organization
had voted to hold the convention of 15*06 on
the Pacific Coast. The convention city
wilt be named at a later date. \
Brief addresses were made by Rev. P.
C. McFarlane of Alameda, Rev. J. W.
Dorst of , Berkeley and Rev. W*. H. War
ren of Oakland. Besides the^pastors of
, the churches in the bay cities r the follow
ing guests attended the meeting: Levy
McCash of Lakeport, Mrs. Su£ Grant of
Woodland and J. H. Fierce of 3 St. Helena,
J. P. Dargitz of Healdsburg, State, evan
gelist of the Christian church, who has
been working In Northern and Central
California, reported that there Were now
ninety-one churches in that district, with
a membership of 11,000. This was a net
gain of 12 per cent over the previous year.
Mr. Dargitz reported that last r year JSOO
was appropriated in his district for mis
sionary work, while this year he secured
The ministers of the Christian churches
of San Francisco, Oakland, Alameda and
Berkeley held an Informal meeting this
morning at the Young Men's Christian
Association building to hear the reports
of Dean Van Kirk of the Berkeley Bible
Seminary and W. B. Berry, editor of the
Pacific Christian, who were tdelegates
from the northern district of California
]to the national convention at Detroit,
Mich.
t ¦
Oakland. Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, Nov. 2.
OAKLAND. Nov. 2.— A $23,000 cannery
Is to be erected in Oakland In the near
future by a company of San Francisco
business men, who have purchased a
block of land between Eleventh and
Twelfth streets on Pine, facing the South
ern Pacific tracks on Cedar street.
Architect A. W. Smith has been em
ployed by th« company to draw up the
plans for the structure and th© work of
construction will be begun about the 1st
of December. The name of the promoters
of the enterprise have not been given out.
but It is known that there is capital
enough behind the new company to make
a powerful fight against the fruit cannins
trust.
Fruit Canning Trust Will Have
Powerful Rival in This
City.
Ptomaine Poisoning Is
Supposed to Be the
Cause of Demise.
Ministers of Christian
Church Gather in
Convention. ;
NEW COMPANY WILL
EEECT BIG CANNERY
BERKELEY, Xov. 2. — president Wheeler
will deliver the address at the inauguration
of Kendric'C. Babcock a» president of the
University of Arizona on Wednesday. He
left to day for Tucson. Arliona, for that pur
pose. President Wheeler will also deliver a
public lecture In Tucson- and address the
Teachers' Institute at Phoenix.
A loan collection of bird skins for use in
the public schools and other educational In
stitutions has been started by Loye H. Mil
ler of the zoological department. The jpecl
mens he proposes to loan are those collected
by him in Arizona. He. has been promised
the assistance of other collector^ in this new
Claude Kern captain of the freshmen eleven,
is permanently debarred from football play
ing through an injury to his knee. The- In
jury consists of a broken blood vessel In the
muscles of his leg, which will require an
operation to mend.
Professor C L. Cory will address th« sixth
annual convention of the League of Califor
nia Municipalities when it meets In Stockton
in December. His subject will be 'The Best
Distribution of Street Light."
The faculty and' student assistants of the
agricultural department participated In an
old-fashioned candy pull- tbta evening in the
agricultural building. The entertainment cori
sisted of music and recitations, which was fol
lowed by the candy making. Th« beet sugar
used was furnished by Professor G. W. Shaw,
the beet augar expert, and the Ice cream by
the dairy, department. Among the members of
the college present, many of them with their
wives were: Professors E. W. Hllgard. Sam
uel Fortier. E. J. Wlckson. B. H. Loughridge,
C W "Woodworth, M."E. Jaffa, George W.
Shaw" George E. Colby, A. B/ Ward. E. H.
Twight E. H. Hageman and John Severln.
E. W. ' Major. Leslie Symmes. A. V. Stover
and E. A. Roberts.
UNIVERSITY EVENTS
Past president, J. F. Heaney; president,
H. B. Mehrmann; vice president, William
Belrose; chaplain, Hw W. Pulclfer; record-
Ing secretary, R. C. financial sec
retary, Howard Prentice: conductor, Al
M. Poulter: inside guard, Charles W.
Denny; outside guard, O. R. Pritchard;
trustees, O. A. Smith, C. W. Kohl and M.
J. Hallahan; physicians, O. E. Curdts,
M. D.. and G. G. Reinle, M. D.
OAKLAND, Nov. 2.— A ladies' night is
to be given by Oakland Aerie No. 7, Fra
ternal Order of Eagles, at Maple Hall on
the evening of November 4. A long musi
cal and literary programme has been ar
ranged, after which there will be a dance.
The arrangements are in charge of a
committee consisting of Judge Mortimer
Smith (chairman), F. R. Clough, D. W.
Doody, C. W. Denny, A. Thompson, L.
Flemming and T. F. McNamara.
Following are the officers of Oakland
Aerie No. 7: • •
Local Aerie to Entertain Gentler Sex
at Maple Hall on Novem
ber 4.
OAKLAND EAGLES WILL
GIVE A LADIES' NIGHT
PASTORS HEAR
REPORTS READ
Ish, formerly of San Jose. She Is quite a
pretty girl and taJLented In many n ways.
Her brqther Is Wliton C. Ish, , a rpinlng
man of Toriopah, and also well known in
San Jose as a violinist of ' considerable
ability. V
After a brief honeymoon trip Mf. and
Mrs. Tucker will reside at 51S Twenty
third street, in this city.
OAKLAND, Nov. 2— With a wife and
family of five little children James Burke,
an ironmolder from Chicago, is destitute
at the Gallndo Hotel, where he was given
care Saturday night, having arrived with
only $1 In his pockets. BurUe left for
California with railroad tickets and $78.
En route one of his children died and the
bereaved family was compelled to stop
in Utah to bury the little one. By the
delay the time on the tickets expired and
it took what remained of the small store
of money to complete the journey. ' Tem
porary provision has been made for the
distressed mechanic. An effort will bo
made to Induce the transportation officials
of the Southern Pacific Company to re
fund the extra money that Burke paid.
Meantime the husband and father is try-
Ing to find employment.
Piteous Experience of a Stranded
Mechanic Appeals to Those
With Large Hearts.
DESTITUTE FAMILY A
CHARGE ON CHARITY
DEATH CALLS
J. A. PARISER
hunie on Twenty-third strc->;. re
cently fitted ud by the groom, and was
attended by relatives only. The bride
was charminsb arrayed in a go\v ; i of
white crepe de chine. It was made ever a
slip of white silk, the shirred bodice be
ing finished with a wide collar of lace.'
The bride's sister, Mrs. Ralph B. Stock
er, was the only attendant. Her gown
was of pink crepe de chine, cream fiber
lace trimming the bodice, with a stole ef
fect. .
Dr. Charh:- R. Brown was the officiating
clergyman.
The general color schemeof the deco; a
tions was green and white, a corner win-,
dow in the drawing-room being convert
ed into a bridal bower with ferns and
white chrysanthemums.
Mr. Tucker is a well-known business
man of this city, having come here fronv
Denver about two years ago to lake
charge of M. J. Keller's large establish
ment on Washington street.
The bride is a daughter of Mrs. L. A.
OAKLAND, Nov. 2.— At high noon
to-day Miss Hazel Ish became the
bride of Francis M. Tucker. The
wedding took Dlace at the pretty
Tbe ladies of the English Club (which
The lady managers of the San Fran
cisco Nursery for Homeless Children are
lending their presence and their wits for
the success of the rummage sale being
held on Eleventh street, near Market, to
provide more funds for the little tots un
der their care. The sale, which opened
on Saturday, continued yesterday with
more than usual briskness and promises
to go on well for the remainder of the
present week. All those who are In
terested in the success of the rummage
sale and who have articles to send can
be of great assistance by notifying any
of the following members of the board,
who will promptly send for them: Mrs.
Jacob Bertz, president; Mrs. William
Thomas, Mrs. W. S. Leake, Mrs. Frank
Vincent Wright, Mrs. S. B. McLenegan,
Mrs. Guy E. Manning. Mrs. James Lewis
Gould. Mrs. O. B. Burns, Mrs. Albert
Dernha/n. Mrs. James Elder, Mrs. Will
iam L. Gerstle, Mrs. Wflllam Hollis, Mrs.
William E. Jackson, Mrs. Herbert E.
Law, Mrs. A. H. Martin, Mrs. I\mer Os,
borne. Miss Maude O'Connor, HA Edgar
F. Preston. Miss Adelaide Pollock, Mrs.
George B. Sperry, Mrs. J. J. Spieker, Mrs.
|J. J. Theobald and Mrs. R. J. Taussig.
Miss\Jenne M. Long gave a delightful
"at home" on Sunday afternoon at her
home, 2152 Sutter street, where a number
of friends were pleasantly entertained.
These "at homes," given regularly on the
first Sunday of every month, bring many
clever people together for an informal
social chat and the most cordial hospi
tality is dispensed.
Mrs. James A. Black has issued cards
for two reception days, this afternoon and
the first Tuesday in December*.
Mrs. California Newton has returned to
her home at 2008 Vallejo street. After her
recent return from her country home,
Mrs. Newton met with an accident which
prevented her return to the country,
where she had planned to entertain more
house parties. This charming hostess has
now quite recovered and will stay in
town for the winter months.
Major and Mrs. Krauthoff entertained
informally at dinner last Thursday, at
The Colonial. Their guests were: Colonel
and Mrs. Andrews, Major and Mrs. De
vol. Major and Mrs. Rafferty and Cap
tain and Mrs. Dean.
Miss Jenny Dunphy entertained a
merry party of friends at her home on
Washington street a few evenings ago.
The .artistic drawing rooms were prettily
decorated for the occasion and everything
was perfectly arranged for the enjoyment
of the guests. A palmist was in attend
ance to read the hands of those present
and at midnight an elaborate supper was
served.
Misses Mary and Louise Harrington
were guests of honor at a charming
luncheon given at the Palace Hotel yes
terday by Mrs. T. Cary Friedlander. A
profusion of violets comprised the only
decoration. Among those present were:
Mrs. Charles Page. Mrs. Willis Polk, Mrs.
George Pinckard, Mrs. John Johns, Mrs.
Hyde-Smith, Miss Eugenie Peyton, Miss
Daisy Casscrly, Miss Gertrude Hyde-
Smltrrand Mrss Suzanne Blanding.
Among those present were Mrs. Henry
Dutton. Miss Gertrude Dutton. Miss
Maye Colhurn, M. E. Zeile. Captain Em
erson Warfield. Barbour I^athrop and
Captain F. E. Johnston.
'• • •
Dr. Arnold Genthe gave an informal
studio tea at 790 Sutter street yesterday
afternoon at 4 o'clock. It seems to be a
way of his to frequently give little teas
to a dozen or less of friends, all of whom
are particularly congenial. So enviable a
reputation has Dr. Genthe earned as an
entertainer that his invitations are cov
eted by the most clever and charming
people.
A pretty and elaborate luncheon was
given at the University Club yesterday by
Mrs. William Dutton in honor of her de
butante daughter. Miss Gertrude Dutton.
The guests, fifty in number, were seated
at six round tables. Yellow chrysanthe
mums were effectively arranged with
autumn leaves for decorations.
The guests were: Mrs. Eugene Lent,
Mrs. Samuel Buckboe, Mrs. Wakefleld
Baker, Mrs. Harry Mendell, Mrs. Earle
E. Brownell, Mrs. Henry Claussen, Mrs.
T. Danforth Boardman, Mrs. Harry
Bates. Mrs. Albert Baker Spaldlng, Mrs.
John Rogers Clark, Mrs. Thomas Benton
Ditrragh. Mrs. Henry J. Dutton, Mrs.
Grayson Dutton, Miss Emily Wilson, Miss
Katharine M. Dillon, Miss Marion Hunt
ington. Miss Pearl Landers, Miss Leon
tine Blakeman. Miss Mayllta Pease, Mrs.
Patricia Cosgrave, Miss Belle Harmes.
Miss Edna Mlddleton, Mrs. Hilda Baxter.
Mrs. S. B. Welsh. Mrs. Samuel Pond.
Mrs. George Beardsley, Mrs. George Slo
eum, Mrs. Arthur Callaghan, Mrs. Eu
gene Bresse, Mrs. Ritchie Dunn, Miss EIt
sie Tallant. Miss Eleanor Warner, Miss
Kate Herrin, Miss Anna Foster, Miss
Mary Foster, Miss Ethel Dean, Miss Alice
Schussler, Miss Marjorie Thompson, Miss
Guinnette Henley, Miss Susie Le Count.
Miss Helen Davis. Miss Paula Wolff, Miss
Laura Farnsworth, Mis» Florence Calla
ghan and Miss Maye Colburn.
SOCIAL WORLD
OFFERS MANY
DIVERSIONS
OAKLAND.- .Nov. 2.— Company N,
League of • the Cross Cadets, will give a
minstrel and vaudeville show for the ben
efit of St. Columba's parish next Wednes
day evening at Klinkner Hall, in Golden
Gate. In the. minstrel show Major Joseph
A. Kennedy will act as interlocutor and
the end men are as follows: Bones—Ser
geant J. V. Fitzslrhmons, Private J. F.
Kearney, Musician C. Herkenham; tam
bos—Sergeant J. Ll'Flynn, Private J. B.
Doling, Private F. *J. Jacobus.
A grand opening chorus has been ar
ranged by *M.- S. "Kramer. The members
of the chorus ate George Ahem, D. F.
Brearty, M. Clurie. J. W. Callaghan, S.
Cuneo, S. \A. Cronln, W. Eccles, J. B.
Flannery, J. F. Hanley. John 8. F. Jack
son, W.' E. Ktefer, M. J. Lenans. James
S. Martin, -W.- J. Murphy, F. Murray, W.
P. O'Toole, D. L: O'Connell, R. Towers.
George V. Parker, Z. Roderick. C W.
Scanlan, C. F. Shulas, T. Twigg, B. W.
Theobald, H. Weber and A. A. Evers.
An unusual feature in the evening's en
tertainment will be the singing of James
Brltton, the boy soprano. Solos will be
sung by the following members of -the
company: "I'm Going to Leave," Ser
geant J. V. Fltzslmmons; "I Belong to
the Government Now," Private J. F.
Kearney: "Light," Private William Par
ker; "Kiss Yourself Good-by," Sergeant
J. L. Flynn; "For You," Private A. P.
Cosgrove; "I'm TJnlucky," Musician C.
Herkenham; "Maybe," Charles J. Parker;
"I'm Going to Live Anyhow Till I Die,"
Private F. J. Jacobus; "Chickens," Pri
vate J. B. Doling.
The arrangements are in charge of
Captain H. J. Leonard, Major J. A. Ken
nedy, M. S. Kramer and M. Guthree.
Members of Company N, I. C. C,
"Will Give Minstrel and Vaude
1 ",< ville Show.
CADETS ARRANGE BENEFIT
I FOR ST. COLUMBA'S PARISH
Dr. Sundberg told humorously of his ar
rival at Bagdad as a preface to his de
scription of the gross corruption which
prevail? among officials.
He said that "wlif-n he landed they would
not allow him to land." He had his pass
port, but the official on duty at the wharf
could not read it and said it would have
to po to Constantinople. As it would have,
taken five months before a reply could
possibly be received, and as It was essen
tial that he must land and not desiring
to remain on the wharf until a reply
should be "received from Constantinople,
he followed the custom of the country and
deposited a bulky roll in the official's
pocket and immediately the Consul was
;.!lowed to pass.
While he gave praise to the Turks for
their virtues of bravery and military
standing he said the majority of the rul
ing officials were corrupt. He described
outrages on young children which were
of a most terrible nature, and described
a mode of punishment at Bagdad. Of
•fenders. he said, were buried up to the
hrad. the head was covered with honey,
v.-hich attracted the ants and the insects,
which did the rest.
. The honesty cf the people was remark
able, but it mfffht. he said, have som°
thing to do with the punishmri.t that is
meted out to offenders. For the first of
fense of theft the thief would be sen
tenced to have one of his hands cut off,
for a second offense he lost his head, and
the doctor said he never knew of a third
offense.
The doctor spoke of the slaves of the
past centuries and of the present period,
saving that they were .well treated and
the freemen did the hard work. Slaves,
he said, were kept for ornamental" pur
.poses. Religious freedom, he declared,
¦fxiists in name but not in reality. The
people of whom h^ spoke were intensely
honest. One might put down a purse of
gold on the roadside and leave it for hours
and on his return it would be found in
the very identical place where it had been
deposited.
SALUTARY PUNISHMENT.
Dr. Sundberg won the heartiest ap
j>Isuf* for the serio-humorous speech he
made in c-spousing the cause of the Chris
tiar.s who are compelled to submit to the
government of the Turk. In Bagdad,
where ho served as I'nited States Consul
some years ago. he found so many na
tion? represented th^re that there was a
confusion of languages, which, he said,
may have been accounted for by the prox
imity of the Tower of Babel.
Professor Landfield arose after the ad
dress of Rev. Mr. Dabovich and supple
mented his previous remarks with the
statement that Christian or missionary
interference might be the danger to the
peace of the Turk. If any man was in
tolerant, he said, it was the man who
Tried to convert the Turk, who has no
desire to be converted. Professor Land
n>!d thought that the Turk in that re
tpect ought to be given the benefit of
the doubt and allowed to work out his
own salvation.
The reverend gentleman illustrated the
high qualities of the Slavonian, his eml
nextce in art. in science and general learn
ing. 'The Slavonic race, he declared, was
progressive but never aggressive. He
paid a high tribute to the good influence
cf the women of the country.
HOW PEACE IS THREATENED.
.While the Turk, he said, was particular
In the observance of his religion and \yas
jealous of its safeguards, he was, never
theless, extremely liberal in that he did
not, as was generally supposed, interfere
with the religious convictions of others
s^o long as they paid their taxes, which
xvas of paramount importance.
The Rev. Sebastian Dabovich spoke
from the standpoint of an outsider — Sla
vonian, yet one who sympathized with
his kin.
m
Members of the I'nitarlan . Club en
joyed a dinner and feat=t of oratory laft
night in the rooms of the Merchants'
Club. ' Louis L,is*er, president of the
I'nitarian Club, was in the chair, and
was supported by numerous prominent
men, Including Dr. David Starr Jordan,
Professor Jerome B. Landfield of the
Etojvetzlty Of California, Dr. John C.
Sundherg and the Rev. Katn^r Sebastian
Daborlch, abbot in charge of the Greek-
Russian Cathedral in this city.
Prnfrssor Landlie'.d was the first to be
gin the spt-echmaking and having only
recently Visited the disturbed provinces
in the Balkans, gave a studious and diplo
matic account of the situation in those
jarts and spoke also of the Christian
iaof«= under Turkish rule.
BAN DIEGO, Nov. 2.— In the Superior
Court this afternoon Mrs. R. O. Butter
field commenced an action against the
American Lythia and Chemical Company
of New York and others for the annull
ment of certain deeds and transfers to the
lepidollte and amblygonite mines at Pala.
They have been owned in the past by
Mrs. Butterfield. N. G. Douglass, Frank
Salmons and others. In order to get them
developed the owners entered into certain
contracts by which they were to transfer
the property to W. H. Crane, who agretd
to finance the corporation, sell $100,000 in
stock at par. return $200,000 in stock to
the original owners, buy out some others,
pay certain claims against the mine and
put it en its fret in the form of a cor
poration.
It Is claimed by Mrs. Butterfield that
Crane has received the transfer for the
property, has formed the corporation and
lias deeded the property to the corpora
tion without doing any of the other things
promised. It Is also declared that the cor
poration intends to go on with the dis
position of the valuable ore which the
mine contains without letting any of the
original owner? in on the deal. The com
plaint is accompanied by a petition for
the appointment of a receiver and Frank
Salmons has been named to take charge
pending the settlement of the litigation.
Facial Dispatch to The Call.
The Council adopted a resolution direct-
Ing the ordinance and judiciary commft
tee to make a report on the status of the
water rates litigation, to determine the
necessity for further employment of spe
cial counsel m the case and to ascertain
what effect a decision by the Supreme
Court either for or against the city
would have upon the rate payers.
Meese desired to give the Second Ward
ers opportunity to present their bond. It
was said the company might decide to
commence operations under the original
ordinance which is in force. Attorney
Goodfellow intimated such a coarse might
be taken.
W. S. Goodfellow, representing the
crematory company, urged that the only
question at issue was whether the test
should be made. He believed /that the re
sult of the test would solve the question
whether the plant is a nuisance. Council
man Elliott said the Second Ward would
keep the crematory provided it were
moved to the western end of the ward.
Councilman Cuvellier urged the point:
"Shall we.sive the crematory people a
chance to show that their plant Is not a
nuisance?"
"Our objections to the crematory are
not as to odors but to the location. The
plant is a damage to our property and
has practically destroyed values within
the range of its influence. We know this
because we feel the effect of it. The city
has no right by reason of its police pow
ers to inflict damage on us. It is esti
mated that the returns from this con
tract to the company will be 585,000 a year.
We ask that this crematory be not per
mitted to operate on Its present location
in a residence section because it is not
good public policy."
The City Council to-night, by a 6 to 5
vote, again 'gave a setback, to Councilman
John L. Howard's . proposal to allow the
Pacific Incinerating Company to make a
thirty days' test of Its plant at Twenty
sixth and Magnolia streets before a com
mittee which should .determine whether
the crematory Is a sanitary method of de
stroying the citj'3 waste. The further de
lay was caused by the adoption of Coun
cilman Meese's resolution to grant the
protesting Second Ward residents two
weeks' time in which to furnish a 110,000
indemnity bond to protect, the city against
a. law suit by the inctnereUhiff company.
'Attorney Creeley for the protestants, how
ever, declared that the bond would only
be given with the understanding that the
present effort to make the experimental
test be dropped. The vote on Meese's mo
tion to delay was as follows:
Ays— Aitken, Baccus, Elliott, Fitzger
ald, Me Adam, Meese.
Noes— Cuvellier, Howard, Pendleton,
Wallace, Dornin.
Councilman Howard at the outset urged
the adoption of the test plan, saying:
"I have taken my 9 per cent of the
eloquence that has been dispensed and
the browbeating and threatening to some
extent that has gone on over this crema
tory question. The incinerating company
had nothing to do with the resolution I
have offered. It was presented to expe
dite the settlement of this question if
possible. If the report of the committee
shall show that the crematory cannot be
operated without giving offense I will not
vote for the ordinance contract."
Councilman Elliott declared an injustice
had been done by locating the crematory
In the Second Ward. Colonel John P.
Irish, in a lengthy address, reviewed the
history of the crematory fight and said:
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
1118 Broadway, Nov. 2.
Concerning the sale Mr. Macdonald said
to-day: "The fact" that the money used in
this transaction is ' Southern California
capital, every dollar of it, makes the sale
of much more Interest to Oaklanders than
If It were merely a trade among home
people."
The brokers .who handled the transac
tion said that it was an investment propo
sition and that the purchasers contem
plated no improvements- at present, as
most of the: land is covered by leaseholds
running for- one' and a' half, to two -years.
On the San Pablo-avenue frontage the
property is covered with a row of one
story frame store buildings. Frame dwell
ings and a two-story -building occupy the
Sixteenth-street side and a row of frame
store buildings covers the Broadway
front. ; *',- ••: . . . '
, William' G. Henshaw, president, of the
Union Savings-'Bank, to-day sold/ through
j. H. Macdonald & Co., San Pablo-avenue
holdings of /realty, covering an Irregular
lot of land, with' frontage of 150 feet on
the avenue, 150 feet on Broadway and
75 feet on Sixteenth street. The property
was known as th.e Soudry block for many
years. The purchasers are a syndicate of
Los 'Angeles capitalists and the celling
price is announced" to be about 1300,000.
Oakland^ Office San Francisco Call,
. ' -i : 'lil8 Broadway, Nov. '3.
As there is no time stipulation In fran
chises as to when they shall be accepted
or rejected by the Southern Pacific, and
as the attorneys for the corporation as
sert that the measures as passed will not
be accepted, the Alameda franchise mat
ter appears as far from being settled as
it has at any time since the agitation
commenced, four months ago.
"You may drive a horse to water, but
you cannot make him drink. We will not
accept either of these franchises." This
was the way Attorney Foulds expressed
himself after the passage of the ordi
nances. Attorney Shay said:
"We came here with Instructions from
Mr. Kruttschnttt not to accept these
franchises unless they were in a form
satisfactory to us. The City Trustees and
the City Attorney were distinctly told by
Mr. Kruttschnltt that under no conditions
would the franchises be acceptable unless
they were grlven for the corporate life of
the roads, that is. thirty-three years for
the South Side and forty-four years for
the North Side line."
City Trustees Dr. II. M. Pond. "W. M.
Bowers, B. E. Combs and C. J. Hammond
voted for the passage of the ordinances
after the amendments fixing their exist
ence at twenty-five years were made.
President J. F. Forderer • voted against
the passage of both measures.
Trustee Combs moved the passage of
both ordinances, with Trustee Hammond
seconding. E. J. Blandlng wanted final
action on the ordinances deferred until
the Southern Pacific Company could be
requested to move its tracks from Pacific
avenue west of Fifth street. He said
that the corporation owned land In that
vicinity and should be compelled to util
ize Its own realty for its tracks.
Attorney Shay wanted the stipulation
in the franchise for the south side line
requiring the Southern Pacific to take
up Its tracks on Railroad avenue between
Fifth and Eighth streets six months af
ter the acceptance or the franchise
stricken out. Shay's reason for asking
this was that the same stipulation was
embodied in the franchise for the north,
side line and was therefore unnecessary.
Blandlngs' and Says' requests were un
heeded by the City Trustees and the or
dinances were passed without further
alteration.
ALAMEDA. Nov. 2. -Two ordinances
granting franchises to the Southern Pa
cific Company to-night for twenty : flv«
years for Its local railroads were passed
by the City Trustees to-night, but Attor
neys Frank Shay and J. E. Foulds for
the corporation said that the franchises
would not be accepted, as they were not
In accordance with the demands of the
Southern Pacific management.
City Trustee 3 of Alameda
Refuse to Mee*, Demands
of Company.
Corruption as PracV'ced in
Bagdad Described by
Ex-Consul.
Oakland City Council Fails
to Reach Agreement
- on Qu3tion.
Receiver Is Appointed to
Take Charge of Pala
Property.
Los Angeles Syndicate Is
Behind a Hea'-y Invest
ment, in Oakland.
Prominent Men "Discuss
Characteristics of
the Turk.
Mining Deal in Southern
California Causes
Lawsuit. . ,
Parts With Large Hold
ings on San Pablo
Avenu?.
Southern Pacific Law
yers Say Articles Are
Not Satisfactory.
Permit to Make Thirty
Days' Test Stili
Withheld.
FORMER OWNERS
SCENT DANGER
UNITARIAN CLUB
IS ENTERTAINED
INCINERATORS'
FURNACES IDLE
FRANCHISE FAILS
TO PLEASE THEM
BANKER HENSHAW
SELLS A BLOCK
ARE WEDDED IN THE HOUSE
THAT IS TO BE THEIR HOME
Miss Hazel Ish, Formerly of .San Jose, Becomes
the Wife of Francis M. Tucker, Ferns and
Chrysanthemums Forming the Bridal Bower
TJIB SAN FB AN CISCO -,GALL ( TUESDAY, * NOVEMBER 3, 1903.
4
ADVERTISEMENTS.
• U CELEBRATED * W
We want all sickly men and
women to know that good health
will return if tiey will only try
the Bitters. Hundreds have found
this true. It always cures Indiges-
tion, Constipation, Biliousness,
Dyspepsia or Malaria, Fever and
Ague. Try it to-day.
TEETH WITHOUT PLATES.
Why wear a bulky plate when you can hav*
brldgewcrk for the cost of material* Natural
looking- and serviceable appliances maile wl:h
22 karat irold by an expert 'and ful!y guaran-
teed. Artistic gold crowns and fllling». T9*th
extracted free, graduate* only. Teeth clean«U
free, painless methods. Kree clinic.
Week dar«. 9 to 0: Sundays. 9 to 1. j
POST-OaADUATE DXHTTAXi COIASOS
San Trandico— 3 Taylcr Street.
Oakland— 973 Wasalnfftoa Str*«t>
San Jo«a — *5 Eaat Santa Clara Strata
DE. PIEBCE'S REMEDIES.
Many a
M^v\ woman would
T!nr\ *^\make a beau-
JJrjih tiful bride but
r ral\\ terred from
entering the
J^T^QSk Y married state
flL>^* because of ill-
<ep ® jgf health.
WHO CANNOT EE CTTKED.
The proprietors and makers of Dr.
Picrce's Favorite Prescription novr feel
.'ally warranted in offering to pay $500
n legzl money of the United States, for
•.ay case of Leucorrhea, Female Weak
:~?s, Prolapsus, or F&lling of Worn!
hich they cannot cure. All they ask i:
izii aad reasonable trial of their mecr
I cure.
"'If women wonld erady the laws of healt:
. .:d cse a little more comaon acoae there woulu
'X be ftich a larjrr cumber to-day sufTcrinj
rith the ills peculiar to our aex," writes Mr:
•=llie Martins (President Mutual Sodcl Sde-rc
Zlub). of 180 South Haletead Street. Chicago. II!
Then when medicine is needed if they wouic
•^it the * Favorite Prescription.' they xroaV
=re a chance to get well. I c«ed Dr. Picrcc'.<>
avorite Prescription three years aco and i'
jred me of female weakness of several years'
,-sndias, so I know what I an talking about
'¦hen I praise it and always know what the
trull wi'.l be where it is used."
i Dr. Pierce's Pleasant Pellets • should
be n*ed with "Favorite Prescription 1 '
-hencver a laxative is required,"La Favorita." as interpreted by the
Bilver-throated Italian singers and Paul
Stelndorff, charmed a large audience at
the Tivoli last night. There is a wealth
of beauty in both the libretto and the
music cf this Inspired work of Donizetti.
Tivol*.
I>»w 'Wells, an amusing talker and saxo
phone soloist, made great hits at both
performances at the Chutes yesterday, as
<iid also th» Allen s'.sters, capital acro
bats, recently here with Ringling's circus,
when they were members of the Xflson
family. John World and Mindel Kings
ton, the novel singers and dancers, !
changed their specialty; Mabel Lamson.
th*» pnpular contralto, was heard in new
Illustrated songs, and John Mathews and
Kroily Iioff gave new instrumental and J
vocal selections. The mo\-ing pictures i
i*hown by the animatoscope were as in
t^rostir.g as usual. To-night election re- |
turns will be announced from the stage ]
between every act.
Chutes.
¦William Young, who dramatized Gen
eral Wallace's book, has done as well as
could be done with his material. He has
presented a series of thirteen tableaux
that Illustrate the story In lucid and pic
turesque fashion, and that gives hand
somest opportunity for the superb set
tings that have been bestowed upon the
drama by the management.
There Is no need of a Bernhardt or
Mansfield in the cast, so It signifies little
that they are'not in evidence. The actors,
however, are quite sufficient to the need
of looking picturesque, which Is almost
all that is demanded of them.
The first scene — and it is to be remem
bered that the curtain goes up on it
promptly at S o'clock— is of the meeting
of the three wise men in the desert. Sin
gularly impressive Is the picture, the
gathering together of the light that
actors did their best last night,
but were humble of taking the applause
heaped up for the pictures entirely, the
mos.t splendid of their kind seen here.
Reverently they remind of grand opera,
irreverently of "The Black Crook," but
comparably of no other production. An
audience that left its carriages by the
score on Mission street and brought all
of its diamonds along, filled the Grand
Opera-house frcm top to toe, and did its
best to give credit where credit was due.
In default of scenery that crooks the
pregnant knee It went to the actors, who
were as good scenery indeed as the rest.
And, as was said before, they humbly
acknowledged for the scenic artist, the
costumer and themselves as part of the
gorgeous picture-book, the applause
meant for all.
KLAW & ERLANGER have for
gotten but one thing in their pro
duction of "Ben Hur"— a gentle
man to bow for the scenery. The
At the sane time Smith stated that if
the courts should hold that the special
lfvies art? illegal, which they subsequently
did, a great injustice would unintentional
ly be dor.e the small taxpayers, vrho, as a
rule, are the first to pay taxes and rarely
question the legality of the same. SmitJt
endeavored to izzpr^ss en the board that
the city weald be in possession of CJO.OOO
to which it hiis absolutely no legal right
and the ncr.py should in a!] fairness be
returned to these from ¦whom it had been
collected.
In fcis communication to the Board of
Supervisors Smith called attention to the
facttbat nearly all of the large taxpay
ers, 'bankers and corporations, had paid
iheir taxes under protest, contending that
The additional J«?vies of T^cent? on each
TiOO assessed valuation for new school
buildings and Trj cents for the new City
and County Hospital were prohibited by
article 3 cf chapter S of the charter, sec
tions L 2 and 3, chapter 3. artic:e T, being
also invoked.
Tfce original recommendation that the
taxes be returned to the small taxpayers
Trho had neglected to protest formally
i -.-i:r. st paying theia caai« from Tax Col
lector Edward J. Smith as far back aa
November 10 of last year, when that of
ficial requested the board to adopt a reso
lution to the effect that all taxes paid for
the fiscal year :SC1-19C2 be deemed to have
been paid under protest in so far aa the
legality cf the special levies is concerned.
The Judiciary Committee of the board
decided that it would b« Impossible to
comply with the suggestion of Tax Col
lector Smith that some measure be
adopted whereby the small taxpayers
could secure protection in the matter be
cause they had not £2ed a protest in writ
lag against the payment of the special
Jevies. At that tiise the rxiatter was not
referred to the City Atrorney. Three
¦weeks ago the board, Snaliy awakening to
the importance of Smith's suggestion,
asked City Attorley Lane to advise if the
taxes couid be returned. The exigencies
of a political campaign, however, pre
vented Lane from promptly Investigating
the matter, but he will in all likelihood be
heard from this wptk.
C5ty Attorney Lane will ia & few days
f.> an opinion with the Board of Super
visors regmnJins the legality of returning
some C*).ftX) collected under the special
>ry for new schoolbouses and & hospital,
also* declared illegal by the Supreme
Co-Jrt-
Oity Attorney to Determine
City's Obligation to Small
Taxpayers.
Supervisors Await Opin
ion on Smith's Rec
ommendation.
Thrilling Chariot Race and Succession of Artistic
Pictures Arouse Plaudits at Grand aOpera House,
While Clever Actors Portray the Various Roles
PLAN TO RETURN
SPECIAL TAXES
SPLENDID PRODUCTION OF "BEN HUR"
WITNESSED BY FASHIONABLE AUDIENCE
The Central delighted an Immense house
last night with a splendid production of
the stirring historical drama, "At Valley
Forge." There is a wealth of color In
the. play, and the stage setting and cos
tumes are brilliantly picturesque. As the
name suggests the plot Is founded on in
cidents of the dark days of the American
struggle for independence. The hpro . is
a captain under. Lishthorse Harry Lee,
and he Is captured while making love In
side the British lines. He has a Tory
nobleman as- a rival in love and this en
emy seeks j to ha.ve- him shot as a spy.
The glrlln the case uses diplomacy until
the right., moment comes . and then she
sets her, lover free in a sensational man
ner. • One of the climaxes of the play la
capped by a gorgeous tableau of "Wash
ington crossing the ice-blocked Delaware,
and the T audlence demanded the effective
scene half a dozen times. Herschel Mayall
made a spectacular hit as the revolution
ary herq. and In his dramatic defense of
the heroine in the closing act, as well as
In his duel'scene with his Tory rival, he
roused the gallerles-to the highest pitch
of enthusiasm. In the thankless rol/'of
the tyrannical . British officer .Henry Shu
mer had the most difficult character In
the cast,' and to his able work was due
largely the success of the strongest scenes
of the. play. Elmer Booth supplied the
greater part ; of the comedy clement In
his, fine representation of the. blundering
Hessian ' commander,- and .' Edwin T. Em
ery contributed to the amusement by his
clever," Impersonation, of the over-polite
representative of King George. Ernest
Howell, as-a patriot, used his. opportuni
ties '• to ; excellent advantage, and George
Nicholls won" applause -in his part of the
British soldier with American sympathies.
Charming Eugenia Thais. Lawtoni was at
her best irt the role of the self-sacrificing
heroine, whose fidelity la rewarded In the
good old way when her hero brings the
news of Washington's final -triumph at
Yorktown.'-'Georgle Woodthorpe also de
serves 1 special -mention for her. commend
able ¦ •work'- in';.the"*ilkable-- character of
Aunt Tabby,- an outspoken -friend . of the
rebels. "At Valley Forge" will draw big
audiences \ all this week.
{I* '-. * jsJiCSLZcLl •
The comedy- season was inaugurated at
the Alcazar- last night with a very, clever
production iof " "Too * Much Johnson," in
Central.
From the minute the curtain goes up
until the last boom of the kettledrums
there Is a zip and zlm to the piece which
carries It alpng in beautiful style. None
of these cut-and-dried musical comedies
Is "The Storks"— a few songs strung on
foolish dialogue. It has songs and good
ones; it has pretty girls and lots of them;
it has color thrown on with a lavish
brush.
In fact, it Is the brilliant setting and
the well-drilled and well-groomed chorus
which carries the piece. Very few musi
cal frivolities come out to the coast with
the richness of stage setting and wealth
of cloth of gold that Manager Tillotson's
company has. The night scene In the
second act, where a blood orange moon
rises over the hills of Nod and real (Chi
nese punk) fireflies flit between the wings,
is as pretty a stage picture as has been
presented here in several seasons.
"The Storks," at the Columbia this
week. Is the brightest, fluffiest thing that
has come our of the East in many moons.
It is all froth and bright colored bubbles,
but as a chromatic spectacle It beats the
old-fashioned kaleidoscope. A blaze of
many bewildering shades, a bevy of pret
ty faces over pretty shoulders, bright
songs, lots of ginger, and there you have
"The Storks."
Columbia.
Next is pictured the Roman gal>ey.
where Ben Hur. now a slave. Is chained
to his oar with a score of others, rowing
for dear life. The picture is most inter
esting and valuable as a correct repro
duction of a Roman galley. The tribune
Arrius, whom one meets here, has a sort
of Sunday-school "Boy-stood-on-the-burn-
Ing-deck" delivery that indeed afflicts all
the lesser members of the fast. A dark
change then shows Arrius and Ben Hur
cast on a raft from the wrecked galley,
and Arrius' promise to Ben Hur to make
him his heir and give him his name. The
sea scene is excellently handled.
Simonides, quietly and impressively
impersonated by Stephen Wright, and
Esther, his daughter, a slight but pretty
interpretation by Miss Julia Hearne,
are seen in their palace at An
tloch. To them Ben Hur comes
and is told of the slavery . of
these two to his household. Miss, Hearne
is the daughter of her father, James A.
Hearne, and shows decided promise in
her work. Simonides' house changes to
the Grove of Daphne— as the author says,
"nobody can describe it — only beware."
It was begun by Apollo and completed by
him. He prefers it to Olympus. People
go there for one look— just one— and never
come away. They have a saytiig that
tells it all: "Better be a worm and feed
on the mulberries of Daphne, than ,a
king's guest." The picture is sumptuous
ly realized. Dancing girls, fauns, shep
"herds, little loves and taller loves, in cos
tumes the most beautiful, crowd in until
the great stage is a whirl of lovely color,
a Roman Venusberg. For this ballet;
alone worth going far to see, there has
been music written by Edgar Stillman
Kelley that admirably carries ' out ¦ the
spirit of the scene. The big chorus sings
well and there are dances of charming
and characteristic sort.
The fountain of Castalia, revealed by a
rising backdrop, serves as background to
Introduce Iras the Egyptian' and r her
father Balthasar. A sumptuous ; figure
Miss Xelletae Reed is as the Egyptian,
carrying out fully the Circe suggestion
of the author. Ilderim, again, 'by
Charles M. Collins, is another portrait of
Oriental splendor.
The tent of Iras, another 'fine picture/
and a Nile scene de luxe follow, and pre
cede the extraordinary illusion. World
famous, of the chariot race. Sixteen
horses, !».rnessed to four chariots, are
here seen skimming away at the rate of
apparently a mile a minute. "Whips hiss,
sparks fly, the beasts ! bend and " quiver
and lean to their work, the ; background
races by, with its thousands of painted
faces, and the illusion is complete. All
but. Sometimes the chariot wheels don't
go round! Only last'night has the scene
been tried with sixteen horses. Not even
on Broadway, In New York, were the
stage exigencies capable of this experi
ment. The scene as given here ' is cer
tainly unique. It was a complete tri
umph last night and the audience howled
for the winner with the Hebrews and Ro
mans on the stage.'
The last scenes Include a dream picture
of Calvary that Is another picture not to
flames about them Into their star being
of the last word in lighting marvels.
The second picture is on the roof of
Ben Hur's palace in Jerusalem, whence, a
picturesque view of the city is gained.
Here one is introduced to Bon Hur, phys
ically very adequately realized by Wil
liam J. Kelly, and Messala, whom all con
spire — with ncaven knows what warrant —
to pronounce "Messaila." Alphonse
Dethier in the latter role succeeds in
breaking through the scenery not infre
quently. He gets out of the plcturebook
more than once, strikes the human note
gratefully. Mr. Dethier will be remem
bered as the^ romantic hero ot "Corlan
ton," the Mormon drama that Salt Lake
City sent us last year. Then and now
this virile and graceful young actor
seemed and seems fitted for more exact
ing roles. He has eminently the romantic
accent, a fine presence and a delightful
voice. Mr. Xelly, who has the same qual
ities in slighter degree but with less sug
gestion of experience, was comparably
less satisfying as Ben Hur than Mr.
Dethier as Messala.
The music of . "Rubes and Roses" is
bright and catchy and there Is plenty of
it, affording all the leading characters an
opportunity for a solo. Maud Amber,
graceful and sweet voiced, made a great
hit^ with -her solo, "If My Heart Had
"Wings," and -It wa3 encored again and
again. This success was followed with.
Mr. Dillon as Hiram Catchem, constable
of Lake County, Indiana, was a funny
travesty on the hayseed peace officer.
His fun is spontaneous and is of the kind
that lasts.
"Rubes and Roses" brought to Fischer's
last night a packed house, -a delighted
audience and two new stars, who received
a royal California greeting, and who well
deserved it. The new people are Ben T.
Dillon and Georgia O'Ramey, and they
had £not been on the stage two minutes
before the people saw that they were
crackajacks in their line. Miss O'Ramey
was Susie Snowbird, a guileless maid
from the bucolic precincts of Grassville
of the SI Hoijkins variety, but a little
different, and the difference was charm
ing. She made the audience laugh with
out half trying, and at the close of the
first act she had to come up to the foot
lights and make a little speech of thanks,
which she did very modestly and very
gracefully.
• • •
Fischer's.
be missed. The religious side of the story.
It Should be said. Is touched throughout
with dignity and here reaches Its cul
mination". But "Ben Hur' r * is a living
Htorybook, not a drama, but more a gor
s^ous peepshow that no one may wisely
miss. BLANCHE PARTINGTON.
SCENES FROM THE SPECTACULAR DRAMA. "BEN HUR," THAT WAS
PRODUCED AT THE GRAND OPERA-HOUSE LAST NIGHT BY
KLAW & ERLANGER'S SPLENDID COMPANY.
Since the death of Miss Clark, ner estate
has been a bone of contention between
McNutt ¦ and. the disinherited sisters. It
commenced [ when McNutt ap'plleti,
through his son, Attorney Maxwell Mc-
Nutt, for letters of special adminis'mtlnr.,
alleging the estate was in such a condi
tion that it required immediate cai*. liis
petition was never granted, for he with
drew it in the face of the vigorous oppo
sition of the attorneys for Mrs. Hart and
Mrs. Carter, Though the will was in Mc-
Nutt's possession during all these proceed
ings, he did not file it until the very lost
of the thirty days in which the law pro
vides a will shall be held after th» death
of its maker.
which the members of the new stock com
pany demonstrated not only their versa
tility, but their ability to do ample justice
to the parts intrusted to them. Chief
among the funmakers Is James Durkin,
who as Augustus Billings has the brunt
of the comedy work on his shoulders,
which certainly are broad ones and equal
to the emergency. Durkin enters Into the
spirit of the part and the ease with which
he gets out of trying situations excites
the admiration and risibles of the audi
ence. Marie Howe made an unmistakable
hit as the irascible mother-in-law and
contributed in no small way to the humor
of the piece, which is of the Infectious
sort. Miss Adele Block made a pretty pic
ture as Mrs. Augustus Blllinss, but the
part is not one to give full swing to her
dramatic powers. George Osbourne was
as ever reliable as Francis Faddish and
his initial entrance on the stage put the
audience at ence Into good humor. Fran
ces Starr, the ingenue, was graceful and
charming as Leonora Faddish, and Harry
S. Hilllard gave a splendid interpretation
of the boy lover, Henry Mackintosh. Too
much cannot be said of Fred J. Butler,
whose Joseph Johnson wjfs a fine bit of
character acting. John B. Maher was
excellent as Leon Dathis, the Frenchman,
who wants to kill somebody. The small
parts were in capable hands and the piece
is undoubtedly In for a good week's run.
The will of Isabella D. Clark, who com
mitted suicide at McNntt'a Hospital on
September 10 last, is the subject of a con
test that was brought yesterday by her
sisters, Alice Ann Hart of this city and
Mary E. Carter of Paris. They ask 'that
it be refused probate on the ground that
Miss Clark was incompetent at the time
It was made, the day before her death,
and that it was procured through the un
due influence of Dr. W. F. McNutt, who
is named in the will as executor, and to
whom the decedent left her library. The
rest of the estate, estimated to be- worth
$230,000, is in the will bequeathed to Grace
E. Strohn, another sister of the deceased,
who resides in La. Grange County, Illinois.
The contestants allege that they were
not mentioned in their sister's will be
cause McNutt, "by harsh, cruel and uo
true accusations," poisoned her mind
against them. They say that during her
entire life she always displayed great love
and affection for them, but that McNutt,
during the five years she was an inmate
of his hospital, obtained great influence
over her. She was mentally weak, t'aty
say, begause ef her ailments and . wat*
easily susceptible. They claim that during
all the five years, except at very rare in
tervals, he would not allow them co visit
her, oi any other physician or person to
treat her. They accuse McNutt of te-Hinif
the patient that the contestants cared
nothing for her, and of repeated*/ inter
fering in her business and domestic af
fairs. They denounce his interference aa
unwarrantable, and say that but for it
the will would never have been made.
In Contest of Her Will They
Say Doctor Used Undue
Influence. -
Sisters of Isabella Clark
Accuse Him of In
- terfering.
MAKE CHARGES
AGAINST M'NUTT
THE SAN FBANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, KOYEMBER 3, 1903.
5
SCOTT'S EMULSION.
NOW IS THE TIME.
Take Scott's Emulsion of
Cod Liver Oil now. Not
next week or next month, but
now. You need it to put fat
on your bones and strength
in your body to stand the
cold and trying weather of
the next few months.
Nine-tenths of the popula-
tion would be benefited by
taking Scott's Emulsion regu-
larly three times a day for a
month or more every fall to
fortify and strengthen v the
system against the cold and
constant changes that occur
through the winter. The
benefit is particularly marked
with young, delicate children.
No food that they can take
begins^ to compare with
Scott's Emulsion.
Pure cod liver oil is scarce
but if you get Scott's Emul-
sion you'll be sure to get only
the purest and best oil.
Well send 700 a sample free, upon request.
SCOTT* BOWNE, 4«9 P«*' Street. New York.
AMTJSEHENTS.
Trvouisa
NOTE— Performances begin at S sharp. Sat-
urday Matinee at 2 sharp.
— — TO-NIGHT— —
Thursday ami Sunday Nights, Saturday Marine*.
GREAT DOUBLE BILL.
Mascagml's Masterpiece.
"CAVALLERIA RUSTICANA"
And Leoncavallo's Lyric Drams,
** TPAGLIACC1."
¦Wednesday. Friday and Saturday Ntshta.
Donizetti's Splendid Oprra.
"LA FAVORITA**
PRICES AS rSTAI*— 23c. 50c, 75c.
Telephone Bush ».
— JOVIAL VAUDEVILLE! —
"Villags Choir" Quartette; Max Wal-
don; Olivette; The Two Roses; Mc-
"Watters and Tyson; Golsman's
Dogs and Cats; Three Richards;
Crawford and Manning and We-
nona and Frank.
Reserved Seats Soc^Balcony 10c
Box fVr.ts and Opera Ch.iirs 3Co
EXiSCTZOZr RETTTENS
Will Be Read From the Stage To-nijht.
Eolasco & Mayer, Proprietors.
Market «t., near Eighth. Phone South 5C-1.
ELECTION' RETURNS READ FROM STAGE
TO-NIGHT.
TO-NIGHT — AX.L. THIS "WEEK.
MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
The Magnificent Comedy Drama.
"AT VALLEY FORGE."
Thrilling Story of Patriotism and Lovef
pnifCC Evenings 10c to 5<V
rlllVCj Matinees : 10c. 13c. 25u
Next Week— By universal demand — Thou-
sands i 1* to obtain seats — L. R. STOCK-
WELL': mammoth production of
"xnxcui Tcacs cabiet.*
A X i^ A T A T"> Belasco St Mayer.
ALCAZAR zrss.
Genera! Manager.
"The Alcazar Is Flaying In X.uck With
Its Hew People." — Examiner.
Election Returns To-Night!
One of the Funniest Comedies Ever Written.
TOO MUCH aa-
JOHNSON. SSL.
Evgs.," 25c to 75c: Mat. Sat. & Sun.. 15c to 5Cc.
NEXT MONDAY — The Famous Farcical Com-
edy That Won't Wear Out,
THE PRIVATE SECRETARY.
lU'l^lIglll. Sunday, Inclusive.
ELLERY'S
ROYAL ITALIAN
BAND
MATTNEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
NOTE.
To-day beins a legal holiday, seats will b«
on sale at Alhambra Theater frcm 0 a.m.
Popnlar Prices, $1, 75c, 50c gsgg *£
XJTW WELLS,
WOULD and KXZrOBTOir
AXD A GREAT SHOW EVERY AFTERNOON
AND EVENING IN THE THEATER.
DON'T FAIL TO SEE
THE COLORED BABY
la the INFANT INCUBATOR.
ELECTION RETURNS
Will Be Announced From the Stag*
TO-NIGHT.
ADMISSION. 10c; CHILDREN, 5c.
«C J)
ADVERTISEMENTS. ' ¦
.^jjjgj^ 7 jj^ I For Infanta and Children.
Kind You Have
z-^?^^^^^^^-—.* r|) MlWdyS DuuKfil
A\fege{ablePreparau'onForAs- jj | # *^
simulating theFocdandKeguIa- M _. ., M
ting the Stomadsaitf Bowels of ,^J JJQaxg tlLG j 1
Promoles Digestion.CheerfuI- M Jf */ Iftf
ness and Rest.Contains neither |i n r ffi I? * K
Opium,Morphine nor>IineraL M Ul ,#i\ \1^
KotHarcotic. Ifl filWir*
flj^ftS^- . i| Iff Q
JaueSttA* \ 'X M. Hill I fl
*&=-! iffiX Use
A perfect Remedy for Constipa- | « [V UOU
Tion.'SourStonuich.Diarrhoea j& I \kj
Worms .Convulsions .Feverish- J5 I fg C#tv Atfinp
ness andLoss OF Sleep. Jj \J* | 0 1 U V U I
Facsimile Signature of ja
m Thirtw Yosrc
[ yEW J^P**rc- ___ I llillli luuiw
THt ccNTaun commmv. new von* errv.
ADVERTISEMENTS. '' ¦ -
Pan Francisco. Tuesday, 3 November. 1903.
Values like this
make furnishing /easy
The sort of an offer that convinces the economical \
home furnisher that this is the place to trade. Quality
has been maintained regardless of price.
A strongly built iron bed, enameled white, green and
blue. Brass knobs ornament the corner posts, and the
three finishes are priced alike — $7.50.
Don't fail to see the new line of weathered oak tables
we've just received. Handy tables for the living room
or the library and surprisingly inexpensive. One meas-
ures 24 by 24 inches square and has two shelves be-
neath top for books. Price, $7.00.
A few weeks more and we will be over in our new
Geary-street building. There will be no removal sale.
• ( Formerly the Cali f o rnia Furniture Co. )'
957 to 977 Market Street San Francisco
j AMUSEMENTS.
i
i Every Night Including Sunday
MATINEE SATURDAY.
THE UZEBY MT7SZCAX FANTAST.
Direct frcm a. Five Months' Run at Chicago.
THE
! Presented By the Best Singins Organization on
; Tour, Including the
Famous Bosebnd Garden of Girl*.
EVEBY SONG A KT7MMEB.
IGRANDSGZU
TO-NIGHT at 8 O'Clock.
Matine*>s "Wed. and Sat. KactvWeek.
NO SUNDAY PERFORMANCKS.
Curtain Rises Evenings at 8 O' Clock Precisely-.
Matinees at 2. I-ate-Comers Not Seated
I Until After Prelud?.
KLAW & ERLANGER'S
' Stupendous Production of General Wallace's
j BEN EUR
I 3SO — Persons in Production — 35O
I H* Setts Laid Aslis. Ns Te!«p2ion$ Onfers Tataa.
PRICES — $2. $1 50. $1, 73c and 30c.
All Seats Reserved. General Admission. $1.
Out of town mail orders with remittances
filled in order received. Seats now selling.
I
IpAUFQRNilfl
IVjl "BEST \m\
I I MINSTRELS I* W
since days of Emerson." — Ashton Stevens.
HAVERLY'S MINSTRELS.
Headea by the Funnf»st of All MiCJtrel
I Comedians,
j ....BILLY VAN....
ELECTION RETURNS? TO-NIGHT.
Tl NEXT SUNDAY, I fT
, HERRMANN. THE GREAT, j JT^
HE, AT Rill
....WE SAID....
Last Night Was the Night. So It Was.
j RUBES AMD ROSES 1
A CTCLONIC HIT.
CAST II
. CHORUS UNEQUALED.
COSTUMES
SCENERY jj
Our "All-Star" Cast, includins Kolb and
Dill. Barney Barnard, Winfleld Blake. Maude
Amber. Georgia ORamey. Ben T. Dillon.
| JTOTICE ~|
Complete Election Returns Read From the
Stace To-night-
VnhrP DON T FAIL TO
1U1UWV see the beautiful
j COURT Lounging
/Ilin room, the EMPIRE
U1IU parlor, the
r> j PALM ROOM, the
Hfflfln LOUIS XV PAR-
uiuuu LOR^ and the LA _
II l~t~ DIES' WRITING
Hotels room
Coal Reduction
American Cannel
Sold by AH Reliable Dealers.
LOU- ~^~ C^
DIRECTORY
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
Catalogue and Price Lists Mailed
on Application.
nt£SB A2TS SAI.T MEATS.
JA^ ROYFS R C A Shipping Butchers*. 10*
JAJ. DUIEJ g LV. Clay. TeL Mala 12M.
" OELS. '
LUBRICATING OILS: LEONARD & ELLIS,
418 Front bU. S. F. Phone Main 171!*.
FBOTTCBC*. ' *
LXBUGBES, . -iusSSJSar.The standard bearer spoke for clean
government, for a greater San Francisco
and for the welfare of Its inhabitants.
Mr. Crocker's speech was not unlike those
he has made before in the campaign. He
made no promises that he is not able
to keep when elected to the office to which
he aspires.
In opening the meeting Chairman Ryan
appealed to the assembled voters to think
well before entering the voting booths
and to vote for Henry J. Crocker and
the whole Republican tlcKet. as the can
didates on that ticket represented good
government.
"My friends," he said, "it is about time
for all thinking voters to stop and con
sider what is best for their interests.
We should have a man as Mayor of the
city who represents the best interests of
the city; who has been all his life an
honorable and distinguished citizen; who
has been a business man. The cry has
gone out for eucb a man as Henry J.
Addresses a Large Body of Citizens on Stockton
Street and His Remarks Are Punctuated With
Shouts for His Success at To- Day's Election
SPLENDID GREETING FOR
< THE REPUBLICAN CHAMPION
FLASHLIGHT PHOTOGRAPH OF THE IMMENSE CROWD THAT^ATTENDED OPEN-AIR REPUBLICAN MEETING
REPUBLICAN LEADER SURE
, OF HIS ELECTION TO OFFICE
Promises People That Gather Round Him That
He Will Give Them Clean Administration and
One That Will Redound to Credit, of the City
The Republican Campaign Committee
r.as gone over the field, district by dis
trict, and is thoroughly convinced that
Henry J. Crocker will get 25,000 votes to
day and be elected Mayor of San Fran
cisco. The committee is fully aware of
the fact that there is a good deal of
thouting- in the Schmitz camp, but inves
tigation brings to light the fact that most
of the noise is made by boys and paid
c!aqu<rs.
Lane expect* the silent vqje and his
evening paper is exploring the cemeteries
for it. Crocker knows that the business
men generally and a large following of
the ¦workingmen will support the Repub
lican ticket in to-day's contest. A care
ful review of the situation justifies the
committee in predicting the election of
Crocker by a handsome plurality. The
vote will not be as large as first esti
mated. Considerable of the Schmitz fol
lowing Is unregistered, as many of his
shouters ere boys.
The situation '.« thus sized up in the po
litical camps: Crocker will win in the Tljir
ty-fourth. Thirty-fifth. Thirty-seventh,
Thlrty-fighth. Thirty-ninth. Fortieth. For
.ty-n'rst Forty-second and Forty-third dis
tricts. Schmitz will win In the Twenty
ninth. Thirtieth. Thirty-first, Thirty-sec
ond, Thirty-sixth and Forty-fifth dis
tricts.
LANE'S CHANCES.
Lane eta.n<1s a good chance for carry
ing the Twenty-eighth District, as the old
boss. Martin KHly. who has always main
tained a strong grasp on that district. Is
behind Lane in this campaign. Sam
Rainey. the old-time Democratic boss, is
dow.g politics with Ruef and Schmitz and
may give Kelly a hard fight In the Twen
ty-* ighth. The Republicans do not con
code the district to Kelly. The Repub
licans will give Schmitz a hard battle in
the Thirty-third District. The Forty
fourth is a big district. The Crocker
forces and aJso the Schmitz forces are
well organized. Ruef is spending money
lavishly to capture this district for
Schmitz. The Republicans are confident
of very large pluralities in the Fortieth,
Forty-first and Forty-second districts. It
is expected that each of these districts
will give the Republican ticket one thou
sand plurality.
Lane addressed a large audience at tha
pavilion last night, an audience very
nearly as large as the on© that James G.
Maguire spoke to the night before his de
feat. It is called to mind that Demo
crats went down the line after the bis
Maguire demonstration at the pavilion
and bet their money freely that Maguire
would carry San Francisco on the follow
ing day.
REPUBLICANS WINNERS.
It happened the next day that the Re
publican candidate carried the town by
2500 majority. Lane is now appealing to
disgruntled Republicans. He fulled to de
velop any strength with the literal Ger
man element on account of hi3 prohibi
tion record and he failed to attract work
ingmen to his standard because he is
labeled as the candidate of Garin McNab.
Confusion and delay will attend the
counting of the ballots under the new law.
Conflicting advice has been given to citi
zens. The Democratic managers are en
deavoring to Impress upon the minds of
the voters a belief that the X should not
be stamped inside the circle at the head
of a party column. This kind of sugges
tion is all right for the minority party
to give, but not for the majority party to
accept. Not a mother's ton on the Dem
ocratic ticket can be elected without the
assistance of Republican votes. The fig
ures of the laet Presidential election and
of the last gubernatorial election show
that the Republicans have a clear ma
jority of 4D0O in San Francisco, and it
proper support to the excellent ticket is.
given every man on the Republican ticket
will be elected to-day. No wonder then
that the Democratic Registrar of Voters
and the Democratic campaign committee
advise against stamping Inside the circle.
WILL WATCH COUNT.
The Republican campaign committee
has made complete preparations for a
careful watch of the count. There are
many indications that crooked work will
be attempted in the Forty-third, Forty
fourth and Forty-fifth districts. A sharp
lookout will be established and the cam
paign committee may succeed* In landing
perjurers and false voters in the pen
itentiary.
The Registrar of Voters is inclined to
the belief that the total vote 4 to-day will
not exceed C7.O00. The Republican vote is
pretty well registered. The district clubs
of the party are working with a proper
method of bringing the registered voters
to the polls.
Voters should pay no attention to cam
paign slanders to-day. All sorts of lies
and slanderous statements concerning Mr.
Crocker and the Republican campaign
leaders will be put in circulation. Much
of this kind of contemptible work has
already been done to bolster up the fail
ing fortunes of Lane, but The Cail does
not imply that Mr. Lane is responsible for
It. The Republican campaign committee
ha? conducted the contest on honorable
linfs and Mr. Crocker ha« won a legion
of friends by his clean, truthful and man
ly canvass.
Careful Study of Districts
Froves He Is the
Winner.
Campaign Committee Is
Certain He Will Be
Elected.
CROCKER SURE
OF PLURALITY
Californians in New York.
NE W YORK. Nov. 2.-The following
Californians are registered at New York
h FTom San Francisco-J. N. Miller Jr. at
the Navarre; E. Bhpnenthal at the Vic
toria- F E. Hartlgan at the Rossmore;,
r j' Jose and wife at the/Marlborough;
a' Joyner and wife. J. L*g and wife. C.
Stallman at the Hoffman: H. W. Lobb and
W M Smith at the Astor; A. C. Mc-
Donald and H. H. Rogers at the Belvi
dere- Miss L. Salsonthal at the Holland;
L. M. Stokes and wife at the Victoria.
From San Mateo— J. Levy at the Imperial.
Prisoners Held to Answer.
Frank Ray and Robert Mason were held
to answer before the Superior Court by
Police Judge Conlan yesterday on a
charge of burglary In J1000 bonds each.
They are accused of having broken into
the saloon of Daniel Levey at the Pre
sidlo on October 27.
Thr>mn<* Rent was held on a charge of
asIauU with a deadly weapon in $50)
bonds He was sailmaker on the British
bark inverkip and on October 28 attacked
Capuin R. W, Jones with a knife.
found that I was telling a falsehood, what
would you do? You would tear It from
my back. Then tear the maslf 'from this
man with the face of Schmltz and the
background of Ruef." (Applause.)
BOYS CHEER FOB. J&BE.
The speaker was interrupted: j by shouts
for Schmltz and he replied: "Let any one
who wants to shout for Schmlt* give three
cheers for Ruef," and the small boys In
the crowd took up the dare and raised
their shrill voices for the man; behind the
throne.
Then a good Republican shouted "Three
cheers for Henry J. Crocker!" and the
united voices of. the friends q£ good gov
ernment made the welkin ring.
Mr. Crocker got Into the wagon at this
time and the crowd Immediately recog
nized him; The reception given,' to him was
almost an ovation. It was many minutes
before he .could speak. He'walted and
waited and, as soon as he started again,
the cheers for this ' popully:. candidate
filled the air. The noise was. accentuated
by the discharge of a flashlight. When
the cheering had subsided Crocker
spoke as follows:
; "I want to say, ladies, and gentlemen,
that I have been through t^fs campaign
GETS COFFEE SUPPLY FOR
x ALLEGED BOGUS COMPANY
R. J. Ince, Alias Thomas Gray, Ar
rested for Obtaining Goods by
False Pretenses.
R. J. Ince, alias Thomas Gray, was ar
rested yesterday morning by Detectives
Ryan and Taylor on a warrant charging
him with obtaining goods by false pre
tenses. The complaining witness Is John
Martinon, manager for the Salvador Cof
fee Roasting Company. 203 Clay street,
who alleges that the defendant and W. H.
Parker represented to him that they were
partners in the Monarch Supply Company.
213 Mission stret, and got 443 pounds of
roasted coffee, valued at $31. It was dis
covered that there was no such company
at the address given.
The detectives say that Ince came from
the East recently with Parker, who has
not yet been arrested, with the evident In
tention of playing a swindling game.
They got 2000 cards of the "Monarch Sup
ply Company" printed, hired a rig and
commenced operations. It is said that
other firms have been victimized; also
Charles Montgomery of the Montgomery
Hotel. Second street, where they lived.
They claimed to have an office with L.
Rlmmer of the Porto Rico Coffee Com
pany, 213 Mission street, but Rimmer de
nied to the detectives that he had any
thing to do with them. •
assemblage for the support of the Repub
lican ticket. He told of the necessity of
such action and his words made a deep
and lasting impression 'on his auditors.
SUGGESTION TO LABOR.
Mr. Van der Naillen suggested to work
ingmen that the best thing they could do
was to strengthen their own organiza
tions and then senu» for the various politi
cal parties and tell them what they
wanted and he f elf sure they would only
be too willing to obey their requests. Mr.
Van der Naillen also told of his being ap
pointed a member of the Board of Public
Works and of the compliment paid to him
by Mayor Schmltz, who told him he had
made a fine public official and was doing
his duty.
He charged Abe Ruef with getting him
ousted from his position. He said It was
because of Ruef's opposition that he was
not reappointed to the position. He told
of- the fine character of Henry J. Crocker.
He said he spoke for the Republican
ticket. He paid a high tribute to the men
who are on the ticket and appealed to the
workingmen to give the ticket their sup
port.
Maxwell McNutt. a candidate for Su
pervisor, was the next speaker intro
duced and he was given a kindly recep
tion. Mr. McNutt said he had addressed
thousands of voters during the campaign
and was deeply grateful for the generous
greetings extended to him. He assured
the voters that if he was elected Super
visor he would give his closest attention
and would endeavor to serve the whole
people fairly and squarely. •
Charles Alpers, a resident of the Mis
sion and a citizen who has always taken
a deep Interest in municipal affairs, next
addressed the crowd. Mr. Alpers afforded
great amusement by rhyming his re
marks. He also made a strong argument
In favor of the Republican ticket. He
said Mr. Crocker was the sort of a .man
that should be in the Mayor's chair and
If elected would give the people the kind
of government that they have clamored
for for the last few years.
Henry Manning, a friend of Henry H.
Lynch, candidate for Sheriff, was next
introduced by Mr. -Ryan and told of Mr.
Lynch's attitude toward labor. He told
how Mr, Lynch had given employment to
men that had been discharged from the
Sutter-street road while he was con
structing the Powell-street line. He nar
rated instances of Mr. Lynch's gener
osity and of the assistance he has al
ways rendered those in need. "Henry H.
Lynch." he said, "is the kind of a marl
we ought to elect. lip Is * good citizen
has a big heart and will give the people
a good, clean administration."
BAHRS' CAMPAIGN.
John J. Hourlgan took up the cudgels
for his friend, Judge George H. Bahrs
the strenuous campaigner, who Is a can
didate for Assessor. He apologized for
Mr. Bahrs absence by saying that the
Judge had attended three other meetings
and was detained. He told of the Bahrs
Volunteers, who, he said, numbered at
least 24,000, and he said if they did their
duty at the polls to-day Judge Bahrs'
from start to finish. I have ultimate
faith, as I have stated to the people
throughout this campaign. In the people
of San Francisco and in their own good
Judgment. I believe to-morrow will show
a glorious victory. I believe that the peo
ple of this city will elect a government
that goes with the charter and with the
bond issue. I believe that they will elect
the whole Eepublican ticket. (Applause.)
You people have done me the honor of
nominating me for this high office and in
return I will do you the honor of a clean
administration. The people to-morrow
are going to show where they will place
their confidence. I think you will use
wisdom and so to the polls and stand by
the ticket. I say you will go to the polls
and vote for a government that Is free
from entanglements." (Three cheers for
Henry J. Crocker. There were cries for
Schmitz and Mr. Crocker said:
"I say, ladles and gentlemen, that this
Is the first audience that Mr. Schmitz has
presented to me that has not been gen
tlemanly in character. I say even to the
Schmitz men that if the people elect me
Mayor of this city they will be proud of
the government I will give them.
REPRESENTS NO CLASS.
"I am no class candidate, ladies and
gentlemen. I have been brought up with
the name class that you have. I have
been taught to. earn my own living and
have been taught to be a gentleman
throughout. My schooling and education
have been no better than yours. My
habits in this world have only' been those
of a good citizen. I have gone through
this world with honor tQ myself and my
family. If I am elected at this time I
will try to live up to the standard which
our common schools teach us (Ad
plause.) < ' v
"I say this without fear, that If I am
elected I can go into office and give the
city the same kind of an administration
that I have advocated in my addresses to
the people. I can give you a clean one and
I can go into office and have no side
shows.
"The Republican party for the first time
in years is united and It has divested Itself
of bosses. Some so-called Republicang
are going out and trading for votes They
are ,not Republicans and are not good
citizens, because they are trading for
votes.
"In conclusion I want to say I have
been dea# and burled in this campaign
several times and even my opponents, ad
mit that I am one of the kind of neoDle
that don't stay dead. When I go Into a
fight of this kind, gentlemen, I go into
it to win. (Cries "You are a winner ")
"I say after one, month of campaigning
I have never lost my voice or my nerve
and I say again that if I am elected I
will five you an honorable administration
and It will be an energetic one. I thank
you. (Great cheering.) I w i sh to thank
Mr. SchmiU's friends for their kind at
tention," was Mr. Crocker's parting- shot
as he left th« vehicle and shook hands
with the hundreds of worklngmen that
surrounded him. ttU
A. Van der Nalllen. the "worklngman's
friend," made a fervent appeal to the
DISLIKES BIDING HOilE
ALONE FROM THE THEATER
Jane S. Mills Gets a Divorce Because
Husband Stayed Downtown
to Carouse.
Jane S. Mills was granted an interlocu
tory decree of divorce from Lawrence- A.
Mills, contracting freight agent of the
Santa Fe Railroad Company, by Judga
Graham yesterday. The ground was
cruelty, Mrs. Mills testifying that her
husband was wont to indulge in strong
liquors and abuse her, and that fre
quently he would compel her to go home
alone from the theater, while he remained
down town and caroused. Mrs. Mills was
allowed $50 a month alimony and J75 coun
sel fees.
Ira Puerl "Wllkerson filed an amended
answer to the suit for divorce brought
against him by Maude Amber Wllkerson.
He denies generally her charges, and saya
that the visit to Fischer's Theater he is
alleged to have made for the purpose of
threatening her, was caused by her con
duct.
Interlocutory decrees of divorce were
granted to James Davis from Jessie Davis
for desertion. A. G. Love from Bonnie
Love for cruelty, Lena Foster from E. L.
Foster for desertion and Ethel Seal from
Frederick Seal for desertion.
" Suits for divorce were filed by Charles
Dabronz against Annie Dabronz for de
sertion, Timothy Collins against Mary
Collins for desertion, Penelope Harper
against Frank S. Harper for neglect.
Esther C. MacXamara against J. A. Mac-
Namara for desertion, Mabel A. Dunbar
against Joseph J. Dunbar for desertion.
Alexander Rice against Margaret Rice for
Infidelity and Lilly Pearl Neef against
Emil Neef for cruelty.
Listen, Republicans! So not let any
body fool yon with advice that the X
should not be stamped Inside the circle
at the head of the Bepnhllcan column on
the ballot. This advice Is a Demo
cratic trick.
4. -+
election was certain.
"Judge Bahrs Is well known to you all."
he said. "If there had b«en anything
wrong with his record the newspapers
would have found it out long ago, and
you can be assured they would have pub
lished it to his detriment, fits life haa
been an open book. Ilia character la of
the best. He Is a man that is near the
people.
"Judge Bahrs has pledged himself, as
you will see by the papers of this morn
ing and evening, to repeal the poll tax.
that burden on the poor man, which has
always been felt and never appreciated.
It Is a useless tax and Judge Bahrs has
pledged himself to do away with It if
elected. Therefore I appeal to you as a
worklngman like yourselves to go to the
polls to-morrow and vote for Judge
Bahrs. His opponent has been in office
for two terms and now seeks anoth'er. It
Is not right, it Is not just, and the voters
of San Francisco ought to give Judge
Bahrs a chance to show what he can do
for the good of the city." (Great ap
plause.)
Chairman Ryan announced, that the
meeting was ended. He proposed three
cheers for Henry J. Crocker and thou
sands of voices were raised in one great
acclaim for the standard-bearer of the
party that means progress and prosperity
to the citizens of San Francisco.
Schmitz Men Quieted by His
Appeal for a Fair
Hearing.
Republican Nominee for
Mayor Makes Manly
Speech.
CONCLUDES HIS
CLEAN CAMPAIGN
J HAVE just completed a most thorough canvass of the various districts throughout San Francisco. From ail indications I am satisfied that
* the Republican party is absolutely united in favor of my candidacy: 1 ¦ ¦ . - ; -
/ have the endorsement of a large element among the Labor Unions, as shown by their clubs formed in my behalf. I nave aiso ine en
dorsement of thousands of Democratic voters who are earnestly supporting, me because they believe that my eUction
in our municipal government. I close the campaign confident of my election. HENR* J- CKULKk
VOTERS CROWD STREETS AND LOUDLY ACCLAIM
HENRY J. CROCKER THE NEXT MAYOR OF THE CITY
THE SAN FRANCISCO CAI/L, TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 3, 1903.
THIS evening the results
of the municipal election
will be signaled from p the
dome of The Call buildingy so
that the news will be knowfl. at
the earliest opportunity to cit
izens in every part of the city.
If Henry J. Crocker, '•> the
Republican candidate, is elect
ed, red lights and rockets will
announce it.
""• If Eugene R Schmitz/* the
Union Labor leader, is victori
ous, green flares and rockets
will illuminate the sky. ?
If Franklin K. Lane," the
Democratic nominee, is declared
the of the voters, white
signals will be set off. i< ¦
Remember, the color of the
signals: '•'
CROCKER. RED
SCHMITZ ...... GREEN
LANE WHITE
A stereopticon will '^hrow
returns for the entire munici
pal' ticket upon a white
in front of The Call building
and a rapid service of [bulle
tins will convey the results of
the election to the people,;.
Bulletins will also be shown
at the Oakland office of The
Call, 1118 Broadway. "
To Flash News
From Dome of
Call Building
Appoints Courts-MaitiaL
The following named have been ordered
to constitute two courts-martial to meet
at the Presidio November 4: First Cap
tains I. A. liaynes. J. L. Hayden and A.
S. Conklin and Lieutenants P. K. Brice.
W. A. Covlngton, J. G. Langdon, K. M.
Ehinkle and G. B. G. Hanna, all of the Ar
tillery Corps: second — Captains F. s
Wild. Arthur Kerwln and E. A. Fry of
the Thirteenth Infantry and R. S. Aber
nethy of the Artillery Corps and Lieuten
ants A. C. Arnold, E. N. Bowman and C.
F. Andrews of the Thirteenth Infantry
and H. A. Hanigan of the Fifth Infantry.
Good citizeni have a choice between
Crocker and Huef in choosing a man to
conduct the affairs of the municipality
for the next tw« years. A vote for
Crocker is a vote for honest government
and against thievery.
Crocker. (Applause.) We want a busi
ness man at the head of the city. Why
should we always accept the represen
tative of Abe Ruef? Why should we put
into public office a professional politician?
Why not have a man In office who will
be true to you and true to every obliga
tion he makes when he is sworn In as
Mayor of San Francisco?
"My friends, 1 say It is the time for
you worklngmen to think. I say to you,
you must not follow false gods and false
idols, as they will prove false to you.
The present Mayor of San Francisco has
not only violated his promises but has
broken his pledges to the people and to
you, who are cheering for him here to
night. Two years ago, when Mayor
Schmitz started out for office, the unions
were undivided and came forward with
solid ranks and solid front for him. To
day we find a division in their ranks; we
find the unions supporting the three par
ties. The very moment that dissension
creeps into the organization it means the
disintegration of the union. Workingmen
represent the strength and muscle and
brawn of the land and If they stand to
gether they can rule all politics, and all
parties will come to them. (Applause.)
SCHMITZ IS OWNED.
"Then why accept any particular man
and place him at the head of the city gov
ernment when he must pay tribute to an
other, when in every act and every deed
he does he must seek the advice and coun
sel and the opinions of another man. who
was never elected to office? (Cries of 'Abe
Ruef.') Yes. my friends, that's the man
and when you elect .the Union Labor can
didate you are represented by him.
"To-morrow when you gjo to the polls
and cast your ballot you will cast your
vote for a man who loves his city and
who has Its improvement at heart— Henry
J. Crocker. (Cheers for Crocker.)
"My friends, make no mistake. Remem
ber that Henry J. Crocker comes from
his place of business in order that the
fair name of the city that he loves so
well shall .be properly run. And remem
ber, my friends, that a city Is only splen
did in the splendor of her citizenship. So
I say to'you that Henry J. Crocker stands
for good, government and he stands for
everything that is decent In the city of
San Francisco. And I say to you to-mor
row night when the votes are counted the
next Mayor will be Henry J. Crocker.
(Great applause and cheers for Crocker.)
"I wish to take the opportunity of in
troducing as the next speaker Mr. Edgar
D. Peixotto." b
Mr. Peixotto had to wait a few minutes
until the cries for Crocker subsided be
fore attempting to speak. When quiet
was restored Mr. Peixotto spoke as fol
lows:
"Ladies and Gentlemen: This is indeed
a novelty in the Republican ranks, but we
are willing to meet you In our halls, in
our homes and on our streets. This is a
campaign that we want to make from our
housetops, from our parks, our streets or
anywhere else. Tou don't know what it
means to you. Are our citizens going to
be fools arid allow an artful politician to
control the city? If I put on my coat and
said It contained a union label and you
HENRY J. CROCKER closed his
campaign las£ night by address
ing three thousand voters who
crowded round an express
wagon, from which he spoke.
The outdoor meeting was held on Stock
ton street, opposite Union Square Park.
Its success was assured long before
Chairman Daniel Ryan called the meet
ing to order. The express wagon, with
Its glaring lights, and the brass band,
with its blare of trumpets, attracted
throngs to the spot. When Mr. Crocker
jumped into the wagon he was given an
old-time rally. Small boys attempted to
stampede the meeting for Schmitz by
yelling for the candidate of the Union
Labor party, but their feeble cries were
drowned by the mighty shouts for Henry
J. Crocker. •
Two immense crowds were addressed
during the course of the evening. The
first gathering filled Stockton street, near
Market, and when the isues of the cam
paign had been explained to them and
they had lost their voices yelling for the
Republican standard bearer, the wagon
was driven further up the street and an
other big crowd assembled.
The success of the two meetings
brought home to the minds of the cam
paign committee that outdoor meetings
In this Ideal weather were valuable to
the cause. Citizens on their way to places
of amusement paused to listen to the
orators and cheer for the ticket. Men
who did not care to be hedged in by the
walls of a big hall stood for an hour and
enjoyed the arguments set forth by the
various speakers. Friends of Henry H.
Lynch and Judge Bahrs raised their
voices for those two popular candidates.
Mr. Crocker was interrupted at the out
set of his speech by the noisy adherents
of Mayor Schmltz. Mr. Crocker appealed
to them for fair play and the disturbers
were shamed into being quiet. At an
other time newcomers attempted to cheer
for Schmltz, but they were startled by
the tremendous shout for Crocker that
rent the air and echoed in the distance.
FOR CLEAN GOVERNMENT.
6Convicted of Robbery.
John Dir.srnore, 723 Stockton street, re
ported at the Central police station about
» o'clock yesterday morning that he had
been robbed cf his gold watch. He said
he had been on his way home, but had
that tired feeling and sat down ca a bench
in the lilaza. He had fallen acleep and
v hen he aweke his watch was gone.
Bobbed While Asleep.
The- Board cf Public Works yesterday
asked the City Attorney for an opinion
as to whether it has authority to raise
the wages cf laborers in i:s employ from
S2 50 :o $3 per day. The board calls at
tention to an ordinance passed by the
Beard cf Supervisors, fixing the wages
cf laborers at tZ 50 per <iay. and states
that its estimates of expenditures were
taped en the latter rate.
Laborers Wast High Wages.
The roadway of Cumberland street, be
tween Guerrero and Dolcres. was fully
acce-pted.
The ordinance regulating the opening of
hydrants on public streets was passed to
print.
The crdir.ar.ee accepting a deed from
the S. Ducas Company and 'George Ryan
to certain land fcr the opening of Con
don street, from Army street to Peralta.
avenue, was passed to print.
Grades were ordered established on Wil
l:arr.F. Tw- nty-fourth. Twenty-fifth. Twen
ty-sixth. Twenty-seventh, Paul, Visitation
ar.3 Ssasyciaie avenues.
The board ordered a sewer to be con
structed in South Park and Center place.
Regulating *the establishment, main
tenance and Inspection of homes for chil
dren, maternity hospitals and lying-in
asylums.
Granting to the Union Oil Company per
mission for Fixty days to maintain a. epur
track already constructed on Illinois
street, frcm Sixteenth to Seventeenth.
Granting permits to the San Francisco
Electric Protective Company and the
American District Telegraph Company to
connect their ct-ntral offices with the fire
alarm ar.d police tek graph station.
Exempting firemen and others from the
payment of fees for installing tapper
gongs.
The ordinances authorizing the payment
cf J35C4 to Martin Collrnann and of JU.5C2
to Joseph Musto. being the value fixed by
the Superior Court on lands condemned
fcr St. Mary's Square, were finally passed
fcy the Board cf Supervisors yesterday.
The Board of Works was requested to
prepare through the City Engineer maps
showing the location, of pipes, conduits.
«tc. la the public streets.
The petition cf "W. Plagemar-n that the
ordinance prohibiting the use cf oil or
paraf^n In the preparation cf rice for
market be repealed was referred to the
Judiciary Ccrnmittee.
The board adopted a resolution request
ing the Mayer to return unsigned the or
dinance f.r.aliy passed at tba last meet
ing cf the board requiring the names of
the lssrredier.ts to be placed on all pack
ages cor.tair.ir.g food intended for human
cor.£Uir.ptlen. D'Ancona explained that
the bill was :ntend<d to apply only to
foods preserved by artificial process, but
In Its rreper.t shape it would compel
manufacturers cf medicines to put the
formulae used in their composition on the
labels. D'Ancor.a said that if the Mayor
chese to vtto the bill he would recom
mend that the veto b€ sustained, as the
measure would work a hardship on manu
facturers and it was deemed advisable to
expunge it frcra the records and pass a
r.ew^ ordinance to cover the desired ob
ject/
The following crdinanws were finally
passed:
The Venture corporation, which has
Just added to its engineer corps
John B. Farish. the well-known expert of
this city and Denver, has. during the last
two years, acquired possession of the
Stratton Independence mine of Cripple
Creek acd the Camp Bird mine of Ouray.
two of the best dividend -paying gold
mines on the continent, and it is also
Jointly interested with the Guggenhelma
in the famous Esperanza mine la Mexico.
Sunday night, however, they departed
for the couth, having learned that the
deal with th© English company would go
through. They were prepared to take
over the mine on the advice of John Hays
Hammond and other representatives of
the Guggenheim syndicate's engineer
corps, who. It Is said, have already exam
ined the Dolores and are now with the
Guggenheim brothers In Colorado looking
over mining properties there.
Friday evening last there arrived here
from Mexico in a special car \V. K. Ryan.
son of Thomas F. Ryan, the New York
millionaire, and R. M. Dudley, both well
known mining men of Mexico, who are
connected with the Guggenheim syndi
cate, the American Smelter. Company and
other big enterprises. For two days they
were in conference with the owners of the
Dolores mine and frankly admitted that
the purpose of their visit was to buy the
property in the event of the Venture Cor
poration withdrawing ItB offer.
COME TO BUY MINE.
Several cays ago it was reported that
the Venture Corporation had decided to
forfeit its bond of purchase of £5,000 and
abandon the deal, and this rumor gained
strength when it was learned that other
persons were trying to secure the mine.
Gow was formerly the American repre
sentative of the last named corporation,
and when its shareholders learned of his
Interest in the Dolores mine they brought
suit In the United States court, claiming
a share in his holdings, basing their claim
on a written contract with Gow to the
effect that the company should enjoy the
profits of any mining venture undertaken
by him during his connection with their
company. During the pendency of this
suit, which was finally compromised by
Gow, who is said to have paid the Scotch
pecple something like Jl'XvJOO, the nego
tiations for the sale of the Dolores mine
were delayed.
About a year ago E. A. Wiltsee, former
ly of this city and resident manager of
the Venture Corporation, with a corps of
engineers made a thorough examination
of the Dolores mine, and shortly after,
in company with Frederick Baker, the
general manager cf the English concern,
came to this city and entered into nego
tiations with the owners for the purchase
of the property. Yesterday was the final
date for payment on the mine and in the
meantime local mining men, who were
acquainted with the property, have been
speculating en the ultimate result of the
transaction.
After mcr.ths of haggling over the- price
asd other conditions of sale, a famous
Mexican mining property, the Dolores
mine, has finally passed to the control of
the Vent-re Corporation of London. Yes
terday a payment on the purchase price.
which Is said to be in excess cf $l,000,OD0.
was cabled by the foreign corporation to
the Anglo-Californian Bank. In which the
deeds to the property have been in escrow
for over a year, thus Insuring the trans
fer.
The sale of the Dolores mine carries
with it considerable local Interest In view
of the fact that the original owners of
the mine are local people, who practically
purchased the property for a song, and
with the aid of but little capital saw
their mine raoidly develop into what is
now considered cne of the richest in Mex
ico. It is situated in the northern part
of the State of Chihuahua, near the line
cf the Chihuahua and Pacific Railway,
and during the past few months has been
the subject of negotiations between its
owners and the representative of a num
ber of the larger mining firms of this
cour.tr>- and England. The bulk of its
stock was held by E. A. Stent, P. G.
Gow and George Beveridge, well-known
local mining men, A. D. Harrison and
James E. Bell of Catton. Bell & Co.,
Charles J. O'Kell and others of this city.
Of these Gow controlled 52 per cent of
the stock, a fact which has cost him no
end of litigation with the Scotch syndi
cate, which controls the Juniper mine.
SCOTCHMEN COMPROMISE.
Request, Mayor to Return La
beling Ordinance to
Board Unsigned
One of Richest Properties in
Mex co Is Sold by San
Francisco Men.
Supervisors Buy More
Land for St. Mary's
Square.
Venture Corporation of
London Buy3 the
Dolores.
ORDER PAYMENT
OF JUDGMENTS
PAYS A MILLION
FOR GOLD MINE
PROMINENT LABOR LEADER PREDICTS ELECTION
OF REPUBLICAN NOMINEE BY GREAT MAJORITY
LANE CLOSES
HIS CAMPAIGN
SCHM ITZ HOLDS
LARGE MEETING
Immense Crowd Greets
Mayor at Alhambra
Theater.
Big Demonstration in
Mechanics' Pa
vilion.
Democratic Candidate for
Mayor Given a Rous
ing Reception.
Speeches.
Entertainment Fleases Peo
ple More Than Political
The Lone meeting at Mechanics' Pa
vilion last night drew a tremendous
crowd that filled the building to Its ca
pacity.
The overflow adjourned to a vacant lot
across the street and there was address
ed by prominent candidates on the Demo
cratic ticket.
Lane arrived about 19 o'clock. His ap
pearance on the street was the sign for
a great ovation. Men and women arose
and cheered him, while many waved
small American flags.
He announced at the start that numer
ous outdoor speeches had played havoc
with his voice and begged bis audience
to be as quiet as possible, which request
they solemnly adhered to, except when
they burst Into applause, which fre
quently punctuated j his remarks. He
said in part:
"I cannot begin v to express to you my
feelings at this magnificent reception. I
have always been a friend to the public,
and I knew that many of you were
friends of mine, but I had nojdea I had
such an Immense number of people Inter
ested in me and the cause I represent. I
did not seek this nomination, but I am
proud to think that I accepted It. because
I am now confident that the people of
this city want to see me in the Mayor's
chair, and it is now up to you to carry
me there. If you put me there I am go
ing to give you a plain, honest, clean ad
ministration which will accord justice to
all who come to me to seek It. I own
myself and I have no bos3. I want to
see every citizen in this commonwealth
have his full rights. I believe in a gov
ernment that i3 not ruled by any class
party.
"The other day I addressed a great
(Crowd of worklngmen and the hall was
packed full. The next day It was stated
that I had thirty people present and they
were mostly small boys. The day fol
lowing I addressed a still greater crowd
and it was stated there were thirty-five
people present. I want to speak a word
to my Republican friends. I mean those
that want a clean administration of the
affairs of the municipality. I want to
ask them to break away from partisan
ship and support me in a cause that they
know is true and right, and a cause that
If upheld will result in the greatest ben
efits to all of those who have the welfare
of the city at heart.
"I have nothing to say in any way det
rimental to Mr. Crocker; he has the re
spect and esteem of the public at large,
but he cannot get the votes south of
Market street, and without those votes
he cannot be elected. I am confident I
will get votes in every district. It Is
not the glory of the proud position of
the Mayor that I am seeking; it is that
I want to serve my city and do all the
good I can for it. I am loyal to the
pepole and I know in this great fight
they will be loyal to me. This great
outpouring to-night shows me that the
Democrats who left our party are now
coming back to the ranks and are joining
in a great tidal wave that will sweep us
on to victory. Are you willing to turn
the administration of the government to
Abe Ruef? Do you want Abe Ruef to
say how and where the $17,<v>0,000 shall
be spent? No, of course you do not; you
want to see that every dollar of that
money will go into the exact channel for
which It was intended.
"Now, my friends, I want you to get
out of this mlanna and fog and come
out in» the bright shining light of day.
Sacrifice partisanship In the name of hon
or. In the name of righteousness and
truth, and uphold the men who will fight
for those principles and who will give
to you justice and a true and honest ad
ministration of the city's" affairs."
Herbert Choynski was chairman of the
occasion. Speeches were also made by
Frank Gould. Thomas Hickey. Colonel
Thomas Barry. Charles Dwlght. Judge
James G. Magulre and Joseph E. O'Don
nell.
The Union Labor party held one of tHo
largest meetings of the campaign last
night at the Alhambra Theater. The
large hall was filled to the. doors with aa
enthusiastic crowd. Those who were, un
able to get into the theater stood in th»
street in front of the place and listened
to the bands Ruef had hired and to th«
hired orators of the Labor party.
It was evident that the large crowd as
sembled had come more out of curiosity
than for any particular desire to hear the
speakers rail at ths candidates of th«
other tickets. The Socialist party candi
dates were the only ones that didn't get
rapped.
Ellery's Italian Band was hired for th«
evening and succeeded by its fine* musio
in drawing a crowd. Bits of other talent,
mostly of the amateur order, appeared to
amuse the assemblage and endeavor to
hold them until the various candidates
could get a chance to gain their audi
ence.
It appeared as if the whole mass of
Lnion Labor voters was out In force,
and, if it was. the showing does not
augur well for the re-election of Eugena
Schmitz, for five thousand would cover
the number In the house and on th«
street.
DEVOTO RAILS LONG.
The banner "knocker" speech was de
livered by James A. Devoto. It was a
repetition of his same old speech that has
grown time-worn and frayed at the edges
by the hard work it has been subjected
to during the campaign. The speaker
also brought in all of the slurs and mud
slings ever used by the other candidates
in their mad scramble for an office and a
few of the city's good dollars. Devoto
talked on everything but campaign issues.
After he had exhausted his vocabulary
of \iciou3 slurs he soared Into the fiowery
eloquence so delighted in by amateur
speakers and referred to the boundless
Pacific, the setting sun. the Golden Gate
and other high-sounding phraaes In a
vain attempt to impress hi3 audience wtt&
his greatness and the possibilities of the-
L nion Labor party. His speech, however
failed to impress, and the crowd howled
for more entertainment. A quartet was
called on the stage and by its er.deavora
the people were held so that another can
didate could get a chance at them
Powel Fredrick, candidate for the of
fice of County Clerk, was next called on.
He called the attention of the voters to
a i leged deflclt o{ between CO.000 and
J40.0CO in the office to which he aspires
He said that the office had been in the
hands of one political crowd for the last
ten years. The only way this evii could
be rectif.ed was to elect him to the offlce
SCHMITZ ARRIVES.
Mayor Schmitz arrived late and was
given a rouslr.gr reception. He made a
brief speech, going over the old issues
again. He asked the pecple to elect him
again, as the city was about to spend
J1S.COO.000 voted for its embellishment Ind
needed an honest man and honest Board
of Supervisors to control that vast sum
cf money. He pointed with pride to his
past administration and said that the
next one. If there was one. would be bet
ter. He promised to always be the friend
of the laboring man and said that he
would always be proud to be a friend of
the plain people from whose rank3 he had
sprung and who he would ever treat fair
ly and squarely.
"I shall ever have for my slogan " h*
said, "equal rights to all and special priT
ileges to none."
•This has been a hard campaign." h»
continued, "and without the aid of a sin
gle newspaper we shall be victorious.
Let us roll up a majority that will startle
the whole country, and let it be heralded
forth that San Francisco has triumphed
for the cause of Justice and right. Get up
early and stamp your cross in the clrcls
at the head of the Union Labor ticket and
elect to offlce men that will servo you
faithfully and honestly.
"We will win by a big majority and
then equal rights will be given to all and
special privileges to none."
The meeting broke up with three cheers
for Schmitz and the noisy crowd cf boys
ar.d young men started dotfn the street
to march for their standard bearer.
Citizens should bear in mind that a
vote for lane Is in effect a vote for Bnef
and Schmitz. The battle to-day Is be
tween Crocker and Schmitz. Vote for
Crocker, who is a live man.
Zs your interest In Aba Bnef. Oarta
McNab asd Martin Kelly iucIx that you
would increase tna tax rate to lee t&aa
wax fat? If not vota to-day for Haary
3. Crocker.
HEBREWS IN A CONIXICT
WITH WARSAW GENDARMES
Forty Persons Wounded in Fight At
tending the Enlistment of
Recruits.
BERLIN, Nov. 2. — A dispatch to the
Tageblatt from Posen says that a con
flict between 500 Jews' and a force of
Russian gendarmes took place at War
saw on Saturday, during the enlisting of
recruits. The wounded on both sides
numbered forty persons, several of them
sustaining fatal injuries.
Workman Struck by Falling Beam.
Thomas HeaJe, a laborer employed on a
building now under construction at Lar
kin and Market streets, was injured yes
terday afternoon by the falling of a large
Iron beam being hoisted up the side cf
the building. The beam struck the man's
foot, crushing it badly. The Injured nsaa
was treated by Dr. Armistead at the
Emergency Hospital.
Two years of rood srovenuaent will
demonstrate to yon the mistake th«
people made two years asro. Crocks*
win redeem, the city. Vote for >»<Tf
early to-day. _ "£<?'.
Commence Paying Taxes.
Tax Collector Edward J. Smith's office
presented a busy appearance yesterday, it
being the first day for the collection of
taxes. Four thousand bills were present
ed and the sum paid In amounted to more
than $30,000. Taxpayers have been notified
that the first Installment of taxes will
become delinquent on November 30.
BLOOMIN'GTON*. EL, Xov. 2— J. H. Bar
rett, general superintendent of the Chicago
and Alton, resigned to-<lay and is succeeded
by C. G.- Coodaow. late cf the Rock Island,
whose new title ts general manager.
Get up early to-day and rot* for Hmzy
3. Crocker and yon will defeat tfca
bones.
NEW YORK, Not. 2. — Domlnlco Baahetto,
who has a wife and several children In Italy.
was so Insistent to-day that Mrs. Gulsepp«
Denllcola of West Hoboken elope with him,
that ehe shot and killed him at her home.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALC, TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 3, 1903.
ILHH HE outlook . to-night is entirely satisfactory to me. I
J- liave never before seen any campaign grow stronger and
stronger day by day as this one has. My friends, who at the
beginning of the campaign were dubious of the results, are to
night confident and jubilant. It is my belief that because of the
division zvifhin the Republican party there is now no pos
sibility of the election of Mr. Crocker. In a contest between
honest gozrrnmcnt, for which I stand, and the kind of govern
ment for which Mr. Abraham Rucf stands, there can be no
doubt as to which the people of this city will support." —
FRANKLIN K. LANE.
LANE IS CONFIDENT OF VICTORY
IN GREAT FIGHT FOR MAYORALTY
Ct T SHALL win by betzuecn eight and ten thousand plur-
JL ality. I believe that the people zvill shozv their apprecia
tion of my good work for them by giving me a handsome plu
rality. I have given the city of San Francisco a good adminis
tration, and have done zvhat zias right by the people that elected
me to the office for the first time. This has been a particularly
hard and bitter fight, and "without the aid of a single nezvspaper
we are going to come out in the lead. The polls to-morrozv zvill
show the strength of the Union Labor party. I believe that the
whole ticket will be elected when the z r otes are counted." —
MAYOR EUGENE E. SCHMITZ.
SCHMITZ SAYS HIS PLURALITY WILL
BE EIGHT TO TEN THOUSAND VOTES
The number of guests asked to the
church is about 200* and to the house
only- Torty have been invited. It is the
purpose to make the wedding as simple
as possible. 1
NEW YORK, Nov. 2.— The wedding of
Miss Goelet and the Duke of Roxburghe
is to be celebrated in St. Thomas' Church
on Tuesday, November 10.' Robert Goe
let the bride's brother, will give her
away. The bride's attendants will be
Miss Martha Johnston, Miss Therese Ise
lin. Miss Beatrice Mills. Miss Alice Bab
cock, MJss Nina Thayer ct Boston. Lady
Isabel Innes-Ker and Miss Pauline Whit
tier. Hon. Reginald Ward will be best
man. ' ...
MISS GOELET'S WEDDING
TO BE UNOSTENTATIOUS
J. P. Jones and wife, H. K. Gregory,
wife and daughter; H. E. Montague, G.
W. Andrews, M. F. Van Horn and wife,
Henry McGregor and wife. George W.
Lippman and wife, N. C. Seachrest and
wife. Jay W. Adams and wife and J. H.
Pearlman and wife.
The route of the special will be by way
of Ogden. Denver, Kansas City, Birming
ham, Montgomery and Pensacola and at
each of these places the party will be re
inforced by delegates from those par
ticular traffic territories, the Idea being
to enter New Orleans with a large escort
to President Fitzgerald. The coast dele
gates are pledged to vote for Seattle as
the next meeting place of the association.
The Denver railroad men have made spe
cial arrangements for entertaining their
fellow railroad men when they reach there
en route to New Orleans.
A party of local railroad men, members
of the American Association of Traveling
Passenger Agents, leave in a special car
this evening for*Cew Orleans, where they
will attend the annual convention of the
organization, which convenes ther e on No
vember 10. The local party Is composed
of representatives of various agencies on
the coast from Portland to Los Angeles.
Besides the president of the association.
T. F. Fitzgerald, and his wife, the party
includes the following named:
Bound for New Orleans to Attend
Annual Meeting of Their Pas
senger Association.
RAHJIOAD MEN LEAVE
FOR SOUTH TO-NIGHT
J. W. Keys, who is attorney ad litem for
the minor children, stated to Judge Len
non that he did not understand perfectly
the account as filed by Attorney Cochran<s
for the guardian, Mrs. Mary Emily Page
Kettler. He declared that the account
contained errors and duplications.
Attorney Thomas P. Boyd. who was sub
stituted last week as attorney for Mrs.
Kettler, instead of Cochrane, put Mrs.
Kettler upon the stand to testify as to
Cochrane's method in handling the es
tate. She said she did not know of any
error in the statement and had relied upon
her att6rney and his brother. M. F. Coch
rane. as her counsel and financial ad
visers that all items were correct .
M. F. Cochrane had, it was stated, re
ceived J16S0 and expended $2105 80, for
which he had vouchers, thus leaving the
estate in debt to him. Attorney J. W.
Cochrane had never handled any money
of the estate. The court decided to have
another hearing of the matter next Mon
day.
The Kettler estate Is valued at between
$400,000 and $500,000. Many years ago J. C.
••Beidman died and left a large fortune. A
life annuity he bequeathed to W. B.
Kettler. At his death the money was to
be for the benefit of his children. Kettler
died several years ago and left five chil
dren, the oldest at the present time being
14 years of age and the youngest 3 years.
SAN RAFAEL, Nov. 2.— There was a
considerable stir in the Superior Court
this afternoon over the accounts of the
Kettler estate.
San Rafael Judge Hears About Ket
iler Property and Attorney
_ _ _ Makes Statement.
ACCOUNT OF ESTATE ;..£.; :' :
IS QUESTIONED IN COX7BT
"Headquarters Twentieth Corps, June 28,
1S64.
"Respectfully forwarded. I fully concur
"Headquarters First Division. Twentieth
Army Corps, June 28, 1S64.
- "Respectfully forwarded, heartily con
curring in the within recommendation.
"A. S. WILLIAMS..
"Brigadier General Commanding First Di
vision, Twentieth Army Corps."
"Headquarters Third Brigade. First Di
vision Twentieth Army Corps, near
Kenes'aw Mountain, Georgia, June 26,
1*64.
"Allen Fuller, Adjutant General, State
of Illinois— Sir: I have the honor to re
spectfully request that you Issue a col
onel's commission to Lieutenant Colonel
Edward S. Salomon, commanding the
Eighty-second Illinois Volunteer Infantry,
belonging to this brigade. I take pleasure
in saying that It Is my sincere belief that
Lieutenant Colonel Salomon duly deserves
this favor, not only by his inherent abil
ity and merit as an officer, but most par
ticularly by the gallantry and efficiency
he has displayed In this campaign. The
regiment he commands Is his best recom
mendation, it being soldierly, gallant and
thoroughly disciplined. It will be accepted
as a personal favor if you will make a
special effort to obtain the approval of
Lieutenant Colonel Salomon's commission
ks colonel and his muster as such by the
War Department. Resnectf ully your
obedient servant J. s! ROBINSON.
"Colonel Commanding Third Brigade,
First Division, Twentieth Army Corps."
"Major General Howard, commanding
Eleventh Corps— General: Of the part
taken by my division in the actions of
July 2 and 3 at Gettysbury I have the
honor to submit the following report:
One of the five regiments of the First
Brigade, the Seventy-fourth Pennsylva
nia, was left with General Ames to
strengthen the right wing; the remaining
four were directed toward a strip of wood
on the right cf the division, in which the
firing had become very heavy and where,
according to the report of some of the
staff officers of the First Corps, Imme
diate aid was needed. Two regiments, the
One Hundred and Fifty-seventh New York
and the Sixty-first Ohio, were guided by
one of their officers, while the other two,
the Eighty-second Illinois and the Forty
fifth New York, were led by my chief
of staff. Lieutenant Colonel Otto of the
Fifty-eighth New York.
"It had meanwhile become quite dark,
the direction of the fight being indicated
by nothing but the sound of musketry.
The regiments entered the woods with the
greatest determination and drove the en
emy from our rifle Pits.
"It Is my pleasant duty to mention as
especially deserving, the names of Lieu
tenant Colonel Otto, who superintended
this "operation with great Judgment and
courage, and Lieutenant Colonel Salomon
of the Eighty-second Illinois, who dis
played the highest order of coolness and
determination under very trying clrcum
stances. - SCxiLK^,
"Major General Commanding Division."
"W. R. Shafter, George Stone. C. Ma
son Kinne. J. C. Currier, W. R. Smed
berg. S. W. Backus."
"Headquarters Third Division, Aug. 20,
1863.
"The undersigned, war comrades of Ed
ward S. Salomon, who knew him well
as a gallant soldier, a good citizen and
an able lawyer, desire to call the atten
tion of the voters of San Francisco to
his brilliant record as a soldier of the
Union, hoping he may receive the sup
port of our patriotic people, who believe
that such services are entitled to recog
nition. We call their attention to the fol
lowing extracts from the files and rec
ords of th* War Department.
General E. S. Salomon, Republican nom
inee for the offlce of District Attorney,
gained distinction during the Civil War
for gallant conduct on the field of battle.
The following testimonials to General
Salomon's worth as a citizen and soldier
are Interesting:
Record of General Edward S. Salo
mon, Nominee for District
Attorney."
DISTINGUISHED CABEER.
"War^pepartment. Washington,
"June 15, 1865.
"You are hereby Informed tha^t the
President of the United States has ap
pointed you for distinguished gallantry
and meritorious^ service during the war,
a brigadier general of volunteers by brev
et In the service' of the United States, to
rank as such from the 13th day of March,
one thousand eight hundred and sixty
five. . Should the 1 Senate at the .next ses
sion advise and consent' thereto, you will
be commissioned" accordingly, i
"EDWIN M. STANTON,
fc . "Secretary of War.
"To Brevet Brigadier General Edward S.
Salomon, United States Volunteers."
"Headquarters Twentieth Corps,
"Goldsboro. April 2, 1S63.
"I cordially concur in the recommenda
tlon of General Robinson. The officer
(Colonel Salomon) has Just merits. He is
Intelligent, gallant, brave and faithful. I
have had several occasions to mark his
distinguished merit There can be no
promotion more- deserved.
| s "A. S. WILLIAMS.
"Brevet ,Major General Commanding."
in the within recommendation. Lieutenant
Colonel Stlomch'has won the good opinion
Of all his* comrades by his great gallantly
and goo<l conduct, and it will be a Just
and graceful appreciation, gf services to
confer this preferment upon him. "
"JOE HOOKER,
¦"Major General Commanding.'*
"Headquarters Third Brigade, First Di
vision, Twentieth Army Corps, Golds
boro. N. C, April 2, 1S6S.
"I have the honor to recommend and
earnestly request the appointment of Col
onel Edward S. Salomon of the Eighty
second Regiment, Illinois Volunteers, as
brevet brigadier general, for gallant and
meritorious services.
"Colonel Salomon Joined this brigade
with his regiment at the opening of the
campaign against Atlanta in the spring of i
1S64. During the fighting before Resaca,
Ga., on the 14th and 15th of May this
regiment behaved with great gallantry.
"Again at New Hope, Ga., on the 25th
of the same month, the ¦ colonel led his
command with great coolness and cour
age against an enemy; after having ad
vanced against a severe fire of musketry
and artillery more than a mile.he held his
line close to the entrenched position of
the enemy, without a breastwork and
with a scant supply of ammunition.
"At the battle near Peach Tree Creek,
before Atlanta, Ga., on the 20th of July,
1S64, Colonel Salomon performed a most
gallant and meritorious part in impuls
ing the repeated onslaughts of the ene
my. In the face of a furious fire he held
his line for four hours, when the enemy
withdrew from his front with great loss.
"During the siege of Atlanta Colonel
Salomon was ever prominent for his en
ergy, coolness and Judgment.
"In the fight near Averyboro. N. C,
on the 16th of March. 1S65, Colonel Salo
mon, as usual, led his regiment into ac
tion with great gallantry and skill.
• "At the battle of Bentonvllle, on the
19th of March, 1S65. Colonel Salomon
and his command drew the unqualified
admiration of all who witnessed his cool
ness and discipline under fire and their
effectual services in repulsing several de
termined attacks of the enemy.
"Colonel Salomon has distinguished
himself In other engagements besides
those mentioned. At Gettysburg and Mis
sion Ridge his gallantry was conspicuous
and challenged the highest admiration, j
"I consider. Colonel Salrj%->n one of the
most deserving oJucers ormy/acquaint
ance. His regiment is his highest pralso.
In point of drill and discipline it Is sec
ond to none In the corps. Its record will ¦
bear safe comparison with any other of
the same age in the army.
"Colonel Salomon has held a commis
sion as colonel since April, 1S64, but his !
regiment not^ containing the requisite j
number of men, he has been unable to
get mustered.'
"Earnestly hoping that his claim will
reach your favorable attention, I remain,
sir, very respectfully your obedient ser
vant. "J. S. ROBINSON,
"Brigadier General U. S. V., commanding
Third Brigade, First Division, Twen
tieth Army Corps."
Thus thousands of the individual members of tlie council, desiring to perpetuate that body
and to live in the security of its protcctu^g arm, have risen up as one man, free and independent
of the council, to elect Henry J. 'Crocked Mayor.
This action is taken for the purpose of driving from our city, home and fireside a govern
ment of graft, graft, graft.
You ask us why we support Crocker and not Lane. We answer because Crocker is .
stronger than Lane. f . ¦
You ask us why Crocker is stronger than Lane. We answer, because two-years ago over
16,000 Democratic votes zvere taken outpf the lap of the Democratic party by appealing to the
prejudice and passion and hate of the mhsses and placed in the column of Schmitz, from which
vote Lane, at best, can only expect a smaU part. This is best shown by the reception accorded Lane
in those districts lieretofore intensely Democratic, and from which Crocker and no other Republi
can could expect more than his party strength. But in those districts to-day Crocker is stronger
than Lane.
We differ with Mr. Lane in his opinion of the division of the Republican vote— rand in do
ing so occupy a better position to know than does Mr. Lane. Since our sole desire is to rid this
city of Schmitz, let us have the facts as they exist. i
When Lane ran for Governor thousands of Republicans were shouting against Pardee.
Pardee was bitterly denounced by certain elements supporting Lane.
Every man who denounced Pardee voted for Lane, and zvith all only 33,743 votes were
cast for Lane. Add together the vote cast tzvo years ago for Tobin ( 12,700) and Schmitz (21,
700), and it aggregates 34,400, practically the same vote received by Lane in the gubernatorial
fight. This shozvs conclusively that the Republican votes then fighting Pardee and now in the
Schmitz column zvere cast for Lane, leaving Pardce's 24,106 a.? the inalienable Republican vote
of San Francisco at that time, to which must be added the natural increase, which is Republican.
To which must be further added thousands of labor votes, not one of which Pardee got—neces
sarily bringing the Crocker vote to 29/000 or 30,000.
It foil ozvs that a Republican vote cast for Lane is a vote for Schmitz, because Schmits 1
vote comes almost entirely from the Democratic party, therefore every citizen, Democrat or Re
publican, desirous of defeating Schmitz should cast his vote for Crocker — because no matter
hozv strong Lane's personal friends may endeavor to shozv him to be, he cannot come within sev
eral thousand votes of defeating Schmi{z; and it resolves itself into a matter of expediency that
in order to defeat Schmitz all good cit&ens must rally to Henry J. Crocker.
November 2, 1903. - P. H. McCARTHY.
The Building Trades Council, as a council, never has and never zvill take on party politics.
The individual members constituting thai- council are more vitally interested in this campaign
than any other class of citizens, and are jjest as competent to judge for themselves as any body. .
of men on earth. %
Because of their intelligence and f fait y to the cause of labor they Jiave built up that coun
cil, which is the best and fairest in the zvorld.
Political tricksters, for the purpose, of graft, have endeavored to destroy it-^-and - with it
organized labor in general.
PH. McCARTHY, president of the^Building Trades Council, estimates that Henry J.
¦ Crocker's vote to-day will approximate 29,000. Mr. McCarthy reviews the situation in
this stvle:
McCARTHY SAYS CROKER WILL WIN
BY ABOUT TWENTY-NINE THOUSAND
WASHINGTON. Nor. 2.— Admiral Carps,
the newly appointed chief constructor of the
r.avy. who succeeds Rear Admiral Bowles, as
sumed the duties of hl« new offlce at' the
Navy Department to-day.
OAKLAND. Nov. 2.— R. H- Eubanks. a
collector for the Oakland Pickle and ;
Vinegar Works, Twenty-second and j
Grove streets, was arrested to-night on a i
charge of embezzlement, the complainant ¦
b»>ing A. Kry#. manager of the works. ;
Eubar.k* resides at 1473 Twelfth avenue. }
It !s claimed about JIM was stolen.
Charged With Embezzlement.
WASHINGTON. Nov. 2.— The United States
Supreme Court to-day advanced the case in
volving the rights of freedrasn In the Choctaw
and Chicka-«a.w Nations la Indian Territory and
set the hearing for January 25.
"WASHINGTON, Nov. ;.— The following j
Californians are registered at Washing- 1
ton hotels:
At the National— Mr. and Mrs. C. H. I
Frink. Santa Barbara. At the Raleigh—
S} J. Becker. San Francisco; W. J. Hol
.:.-.?worth and wife, Los Angeles. At the t
New Willard— \V. H. E. Leffler and wife. |
D. R. Sessions and wife, San Francisco;
Joseph Schroder, William Banning, Los J
Ar^elc*.
Califcrnians in Washington.
KEW YORK, Xov. 2.-After tea years'
sbser.ee Mine. Adelina Pattl made her re
appearance in this city, where. Just forty
four years ago, she won her first triumphs
and started on a career that has scarcely
had an equal in musical annals. Carnegie
Hall was thronged with an audience that
hailed the diva with an enthusiastic wel
come. Thunders of applause followed
Mme. Paul's rendering of the aria from
"Linda." which was succeeded by "The
Last Rose of Summer" and "Home, Sweet
Home," after which in response to re
peated recalls, she grave "The Last Fare
well." a song written especially for this
tour.
New York Welcomes Patti.
Oliva Grair.ger. a domestic at <1O5
Twenty-fifth street, attempted suicide
yesterday, fcy Inhaling gas. She locked
herself In a room and turned en the
t. - : The cdor of carbon monoxide at
tracted the inmates cf the house t"o the
room and they broke open the door. The
girl was seat to the hospital, and her
chances for recovery are good.
Attempts to End Her Life.
Jcseyh Walsh was convicted by a Jury
in Juice Cock s court yesterday of a
charge cf robbery and trill te sentenced
on Saturday. He and another nan knock
ed down WiUiam Hc'saa, a Etevedore.
at East ar.d Jackscn street* en the morn
ing of July 15 and robbed him cf his
watch and 70 cents.
7The man who has at heart the well-being of his city,
who wishes to see it morally clean as well -as physically
healthful, who hopes # to sec it honestly and capably governed
and economically administered, will vote to-day for Henry
J. Crocker, who represents in himself and in his united, en
thusiastic supporters these objects of municipal government.
Violations of the pension laws, frauds in the postal ser
vice, crookedness in the enormous field of lieu lands, are
strong indications that there are spots on Uncle Sam's dirty
linen. But we must not confuse house-cleaning with the
destruction of the house. There is a mess and noise and
some flying dust for a while, and then the house is better
than before. •
Every citizen who desires San Francisco to be governed
by a man of affairs, a man of strict and tried integrity, a
man of wide and successful business activity and a man in
spired by high civic principles and lofty ambitions, will vote
to-day for Henry J. Crocker for Mayor. ¦ He who wishes a
professional politician, knowing nothing but the craft of his
trade and the impudent importunities of his heelers, will
vote against Henry J. Crocker. A vote for some one else is
a vote against Crocker.
An Old-Time Dance.
De banjo eorter gits me, 'twel I never wants
ter res".
En I'm happy w'en a fiddle is a cingln' of
Its bes';
D«"n It's "Cl'ar de way, my honey, tarn de
rlngin", ea»' ter we«' —
En dance 'twel de daylight say, 'Good
mawnin' I' "
II.
I don't keer ef I settln' ln de meetln* house,
eo still.
A-lookln' at de brightness on de top er Zlon
Hill.
De singln' er a. fiddle make me lose my way
en will—
I'll dance "twe! de daylight eay, "Good
mawnin'!"
III. t .^
Iff uat war in de cummer, w'en de dreamy
day* begin.
En de lizard think he ruruiln' er a race he
got ter win:
But I nan d«* fet-lln' wu«»r w'en de Chris'mua
time come In,
En we danre 'twel de daylight say, "Good
mawnin' !"
IV. '
Den it'a nevr mln' de weather, wid d* ellngin'
«r de slwt,
Wid dc music d?s a-makln' slch a fidget in
yo' feet;
Chris" mu». en a fiddle — oh, dey mighty hard
ter beat'. —
En we'll dance 'twel de daylight «ay, "Good
mewnln'I"
—Atlanta Constitution.
"You're not going to bar me out, are
I you?" the newly arrived spirit pleaded.
"Oh: no," replied St. Peter. "You're the
street railway magnate, aren't you?"
"Yes, Rlr."
"Well, Just hang on to one of those
straps over there for eternity or so."—
Philadelphia Press.
Fine Points of Boxing.
BY ALBERT PATSON TERHC.VE,
<AlhJetlc ICx^rt New York Ewnln* World.
Author of "Mu*cle Bulldtag," etc.)
A threat writer once said:
"During the accomplishment of any
thing that is really worth the doing, there
is a) way 6 at least one 'sticking point.' "
- In nothing is this more true than ln
lcarn'.r.K to box. There are three distinct
••eticklrg places" in the path, of the boy
* ho is beginning to box.
The first ts learning what 1« known as
THE civilized world is impressed by the threatening fire
in the Vatican, becauses it reverses the idea that that
great structure, with its stores of art and sacred and
secular history, was fireproof. The building, with its ample
patio of gardens, stands on the Vatican Hill, and was erected
in 1145-53 by Pope Eugenius III as one of the Papal resi
dences. After the transfer of the Holy See from Avignon
to Rome it became the palace of the Pope, and the original
structure has been added to by successive Popes, until it is
the most remarkable assemblage of buildings in the world.
Its art treasures probably exceed those of any other collec
tion, and its literary store is a mine of, ecclesfastical and
secular history. There are kept the original manuscript of
the Scriptures, and the parchment treasures of many lands
and all ages. The destruction of the venerable pile would
inflict a loss upon the world.
Pope Pius X is a practical man, and will doubtless learn
from this threatening fire that modern means of fire-proofing
must be applied to prevent irreparable loss. It is a revela
tion of the housekeeping arrangements of the Papal resi
dence that the conflagration started from the kitchen stove
of one of the officers of the household. It would be a strange
result, by some held to be providential, if this accident
should be the means of an entente between the Papacy and
the kingdom of Italy. For the first time since the inclusion
of the states of the church in the kingdom the civil officers
of the city of Rome and of the King of Italy entered the
precincts of the Vatican, in interested co-operation with^jhe
Pope, to arrest the fire. According to the radical views of
some the civil officers should have been pleased to see the
whole pile burn. But, on the contrary, they manifested as
much anxiety as the Pope himself for the safety of the build
ing and its treasures. Out of this may well issue a result
which is believed in some quarters to be the purpose of the
new Pope, in the form of an understanding that will termi
nate the constructive imprisonment of the Holy Father.
THE VATICAN FIRE.
CHINA ASKS HELP.
'Answers to Queries.
THE BAND STAND— A., Alameda. Th«
band stand ln Golden Gate Park faces
east by north.
ALMSHOUSE— N.. City. Admission to
the Almshouse is by application to th«
Board of Health.
SCHMITZ'S FATHER— D. H.. City.
The father of Mayor Schmits was bora la
"Westphalia, a province of Prussia.
VALENCIA STREET LIXE— F. A. H.
Q., City. The Market and Valencia street
cable line was first operated in August.
1SS3.
KNIGHTS— Enq.. City. Thei Knights of
the Modern Maccabees, the original order,
was founded in 1SS1, and the Knights of
the Maccabees in 1SS3.
DEATH PENALTY— D.. City. Those
States of the Union ln which the death
penalty, as punishment for crime, is for
bidden by law, are: Rhode Island. Maine.
Michigan and Wisconsin.
IT appears that, in the face of the Russian pretense that
her presence in Manchuria is necessary to protect the
country from bandits, she has had in her employ the chief
bandit of that province, on whose head China had set a
price. The Chinese officers caught him and immediately
proceeded to separate him from* his head. At this Russia
took umbrage and made it an excuse for the armed re
occupation of Moukden. This was followed by a demand
that China behead the officer who had beheaded the robber!
This is a Western lesson in justice for the benefit of the be
nighted Chinese heathen!
Poor China cries out to the Western nations for help
and advice, confessing herself powerless to resist the mon
strous claims and immoral policy of Russia. Will she get it?
Is there that refined sense of justice in Europe, where lies
the right, to interfere, that the United States showed in go
ing to the relief of Cuba against Spain? We fear that it will
not be found, or, if it exist, it will not be converted into
such action as we took to protect the weak against' the
strong.
By this incident Russia stands convicted of entering
Mftnchuria as the ally of bandits and criminals and of pro
jecting them against the punishment due their crimes.
INSURANCE POLICT— Legal. City. As
to the rights of an individual to make the
amount of the policy issued to him by an
old line life company to his wife or any
one else, he should be guided by the rules
of the association that issued the policy.
The officers will give all the information
necessary.
San Francisco »s entering upon a new era of success and
expansion. It is imperative that she have a good name,
sound credit, honest government and fair dealing to all.
Every element of her population, therefore, is vitally con
cerned in the election of a man who will represent the best
that is in us. Henry J. Crocker is such a man, and his
election^ is a duty placed, upon those of us that have" at
heart the well-being of San Francisco. s\ vote for him to
day is a civic duty well done.
SOUTH AMERICA— J. A.. City. For
possibilities for Americans to engage in
business in any of the South American
States, write to the United States Consul
at the point nearest where you might de
sire to locate. For information about Bo
livia, write to the United States Consul at
La Pa2. Bolivia.
The Grand Jury of Honolulu has set upon itself the task
of investigating the conduct of the Territorial House of
Representatives, against which the tongue of calumny is
wagging. Nothing could be more encouraging in its Amer
icanism. We have a passion for investigations, a besetting
sin for' suspicion and an unlimited reserve of satisfaction for
results not accomplished.
SCOTT— G., Santa Rosa. Cal. General
Winfleld Scott, appointed a Commissioner
to settle the San Juan boundary, left .New
York on that mission September J0. 1»9.
for Aspinwall. and after crossing he
Isthmus took passage at Panama on the
steamer Golden Age. •«**»£ ln s *»
Francisco October 16. He ie« me nexi
Special Information supplied dally to
business houses and public men by th*
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 230 Cali
fornia street. Telephone Main 104C •
Townsend'3 California glace fruits and
candies. 60c a pound. In artistic fire-J
etched boxes. A nice present for Eastern I
friends. 715 Market st., above Call bids- *'
EXPRESSLY FORBIDDEN— Inq.. City.
The firing of a salute "in honor of any
nation, or of any official of any nation,
not formally recognized by the Govern
ment of the United States" i3 expressly
forbidden. If a vessel of a nation that
has not been formally recognized by the
United States should salute an American
war vessel the commander of the United
States vessel must not respond.
FURNITURE— Subscriber. City. If a
nartv who Jled deeded you a home, but
neglected to deed you the furniture there
in and you believe the party intended
that you should have the same, you will
have to lay your case before a reputable
attorney to ascertain your rights, if you
have any In the premises. Your question
Is one that calls for a judicial ruling.
The merchant who wishes to live and thrive in a pro
gressive, well ordered, well governed city, where investment
gives stimulates healthy trade and inspires a sharing
of profits,. will recognize that a vote for Henry J. Crocker
will contribute to these" conditions and a vote against him
will hazard what we have and lose what we expect.
Another plot has been 'discovered against the lives and
fortunes of the Servian regicides. It would be far better
for the peace of Servia at home and for her credit abroad
if sh,| would take these cowardly assassins out and shoot
them. Then she could complete her entries in a miserable
page_of her history, close^ the books and start over again.
The mechanic who sees in the good name and the sound
credit of his city the pledges of employment, prosperity and
gooq wages will vote to-day for Henry J. Crocker for
Mayor. Such a vote is not only a civic duty, but an act of
self-interest and self-preservation.
Could Not Boil It.
The prize servant girl story comes from
Mare Island. It was told the other day
by the wife of a high naval official' to a
number of naval officers and their wives
who were traveling from the navy yard
to. this city on the naval tug Unadllla.
"I secured thl3 servant of mine in Phil
adelphia just two years ago." said the
victim of the kitchen mechanic. "Three
days after she arrived from the old coun
try she took service under me. She was
lamentably ignorant of the art of cook
ing, but I became attached to her and
when my husband was ordered West I
took her out with me.
"Kitty was the only servant I brought
out. She knew a little something about
cooking, so I thought we would be able
to get along for a time at least. Well,
one day, a miserably hot one. I told
Kitty that we would not bother about a
hot lunch, but would make a light meal
out of cake and a delicious watermelon
I had purchased in {own that morning.
About 1 o'clock I entered the dining room
with my husband and, calling Kitty from
the kitchen, told her we were ready for
lunch.
"She looked a bit flustered and. to my
surprise, said: "I'm sorry, ma'am, but it's
not ready."
" 'Ready.' I exclaimed, 'why, there is
nothing to prepare. You know I told you
we only wanted a little cake and the wa
termelon.*
" "I know that, ma'am.' she said, with
tears in her eyes, 'and here is the cake.
but the melon ain't ready. I've been
bllln* It for the last two hours, and it's
just as hard and as grane now as It was
when I first put It in the water." "
x Statuette 6500 Years Old.
In his article on the "Ten Temples of
Abydos" in Harper's Magazine for No
vember, Professor Flinders Petrie tells of
his discovery of a statuette of Ivory more
than 6500 years old, and how he managed
to preserve It.
"Groping In the thick brown organic
mud of this rubbish-hole." ?ays Professor
Fettle. "I lifted out one by one the price
less examples of glazed work and Ivory
of this earliest age of great art— an art of
which we had never understod the excel
lence from the traces hitherto known. The
ivory was sadly rotted, and could scarcely
bo lifted without dropping asunder In
flakes. So when I found that I had
touched a piece it was left alone, and
other parts were cleared, until at last a
patch of' ground was left where scv«.rv»l
pieces of ivory had been observed. Cut
ting deep around this, I detachei tho
whole block of sixty or eighty pounds of
earth, and had It removed on a trav to
my storeroom. There it dried sradu«Uy
for two or three weeks; and then with a
camel's-halr paint-brush I began to gently
dissect It and to trace the ivory rigttrts.
Not a single piece was broken or spoJ't
by thus working it out. and noble figures
of lions, a bear, a large ape and several
boys came, gradually to light. Suddenly
a patterned robe and then a marvellous
face appeared In the dust, and there came
forth from his 6000-year sleep one of the
finest portrait figures that have ever been
seen. A single photograph can give but
little Idea of the subtlety, of the face and
the expression, which changes with every
"I have a historical piece of birdseye
poplar, about eighteen inches in length,
with three sides polished and one in na
tive state, showing the curl thrue and
thrue. which makes it very attractive. I
have a small fralm to be attached to
the piece of wood with glass with histor
ical sketch of the tree out of which It
was taken and a description and dimen
sions of the tree in typewriting. Now. If
you think the wood of sufficient interest
to entitle me to transportation for myself
and wife to the exposition and return
and will return the piece of wood to me
after the exhibit In good condition. I am
willing to send It to you."
Mr. Enloe did not accept the patriot's
offer, and the piece of poplar plank will
scarcely be featured at the big show.
People adopt unique methods sometimes
to get their expenses paid to the World*
Fair. Secretary Enloe of the Tennessee
Commission thinks the letter he received
from a Tennesseean who wanted to see
the fair may take first rank. The letter
follows:
Patriotic Xenr.-
The true history of the capture of Ah
Sing la this: Officer John Oallaway. who
now patrols Market street during the
morning watch, was one of the squad,
and in order to capture a notorious gam
bling game that had previously defied
the squad disguised himself, unknown to
his comrades, in truly Chinese costume,
with the tan colored features. This was
done at a eostumers, and when so dis
guised Gallaway stepped out on the street
at 8 o'clock in the evening and went to
Chinatown, where his presence was no
ticed by the sergeant in charge on ac
count of his failure to ape the peculiar
Chinese shuffle In his gait. The disguised
"cop" made several tours through the
back alleyways, until he entered a notor
ious gambling Joint.
As soon as he was seen to enter the
squad raided the place and bagged thir
teen Mongolians. Including Gallaway. The
whole bunch were escorted to the station
house and locked up. including the dis
guised, who had a lot of lottery tickets
on his person. After being confined in
a cell for an hour or so Gallaway washed
the tan from his face and appeared at
the wicket door with one of his pleasant
smiles and asked the trusty to tell Desk
Sergeant Bldwell to come, as he wished
to speak to him. When Bidwell saw the
broad face of Gallaway In the wicket he
almast fainted from astonishment. A
short explanation convinced the prison
keeper of the ruse and Ah Sing was lib
erated under pledge not to give the thing
away to the newspaper reporters.
• "The Chinatown squad wad highly
elated last night over the capture of Ah
Sing, one of the most notorious gamblers
In Chinatown." Such were the lines ap
pearing in the morning papers some time
ago. The true history of the arrest of
Ah Sing and how the Chinatown squad
had been fooled bv one of its own mem
bers never saw daylight, for the simple
reason that the sharp sleuths did not
wish their discomfiture to be known to
their comrades on the force.
The Arrest of Ah Sing.
This was as far as we ever got with
our "interview." What Monsieur de
Blowitz really thinks of women— the wo
nv?n of history— will perhaps always re
main unknown, except as he pictured
many as he bad seen then. In his wonder
ful memoirs, which are now published in
England and America,
I went to cee Monsieur de Blowitx with
the line already to cast, because the
greatest of all interviewers has an un
shakable aversion to being "Interview el"
himself in a British magazine, says Miss
Esther Brooke, in an English magazine.
"It Is very kind for you to receive m*."
I safd, "for you. Monsieur de Blowlti,
more than any other person have every
reason to know whether the story of tha
influence of women In the affairs of na
tions Is true or only a pleasing myth."
He became grave at once, and lifting
his eyes upward he said impressively:
"Whatever man has accomplished,
whether it ba In art or In war, the secret
spring to all his endeavors has always
been woman. The motive power of th«
world Is not «>teara. Is not the latest discov
ery In electricity nor is It automobiles-
It Is woman." Splendid! I thought; he will
surely run away with the line. And the
women of history. Marie Antoinette
"History, my child, history is for histo
rians. We are living in the present. I hav»
always noticed that a good historian is a
very bad Journalist, and that when people
begin to live in reminiscences it me*nj
that their present Is on the decline "
Interz'ierver Inten'iezved.
But far in excess of this chemical action
<>t water in QtMMolvtng the rocks Is its me
cha.nic.il action. Some streams are i»l
vays muddy. AH streams are muddy dur
ing high crater. By estimating the flow
fit a stream and the amount of sediment
carried alon»r in every gallon of water at
different stages of Its flow, it Is possible
to get a fair estimate of the total amount
of material carried off from the drainage
basin In any given time. Such estimates
have bec-n very carefully made by the
United States Government with reference
to the Mississippi. Every one knows that
the lower M'ssisslppi Is very muddy, and
that a considerable amount of sediment
will settle in even a tumbkrful of water.
Indr-ed, the cities alor.g the Mississippi
and Its larc^r tributaries are often taunt
ed with drinking make-believe lemonade,
and It Is said that those who drink Mis
souri River water before It settles are
compelled to pick their teeth after every
glafs. while those who use it as-sert that
the settling of the sediment acts like a
filter, and purifies the water.
The actual investigations of Humphreys
and Abbott, the engineers who had the
work In charge, showed that In the lower
Mississippi one fifteen hundredth of the
water by weight was sediment, and that
In addition a large amount of gravel and
sand was constantly being pushed along
the bottom of the river. Altogether they
found <hat 750.0Ci0.000 cubic feet of tand,
earth and gravel were being carried every
year into the Gulf of Mexico by this
river alone. This would form a prism 268
feet in height, with a base of one square
mile, and would weigh the enormous
amount of 812.500.000,000 pounds. This
would make every year a railroad em
bankment fifty feet wide and twenty-six
feet high, more than 1000 miles long, or
a mountain a mile square and a mile high
every twenty years.
The water of nearly all our rivers and
lakes is "hard"; that is. it contains a
vmall per c*«nt nt limr and other soluble
eltmer.ts which it has removed from the
soil an it has filtered through. It is these
impurkiei». affecting even the clearest
lookinjt water, which cause the accumu
lation of "fur" in*ide of boilers and tea
kettles and which counteract the effects
of soap in washing. It !s estimated that
In Europe forty-eight tons of lime, mag
resia. potash, soda, salt and sulphuric
ard phosphoric acid are annually leached
out of the poll from every square mile
of surface. England alone is estimated
to have removed from Its soil every year
fr.STO.CT) tons of solid matter which has
been dissolved and held in solution by
running water. By this process alone,
therefore, a foot in depth -of the rocks
of England ar.d Wales would be dissolved
and rarrir-d into the aea every 12.978 years.
Taking the world over, an average of 100
tons of rocky matter Is thus annually
dissolved by running water from every
square mile and carried into the ocean.
Most of the celebrated caves character
izing limestone regions have been formed
by the slow action of streams In dissolv
ing- the limestone rork. The Luray cave.?
of Virginia, the Mammoth Cave of Ken
tucky, the numerous caves in Southern
Indiana and the Ozark region In Missouri
and the ex -at Wind Cave in the Black
Hills of Western Dakota are well-known
illustrations. But in many cases this ea
larjt>-ment has gone on so far that the roof
of the long underground water channel
has falk-n in, leaving a rock-lined, de--:p,
open gorge through which the river is
flowing, sometimes above the surface and
sometimes In a still deeper underground
channel through which it has found its
way. In general the river valleys are larg
er where they cross limestone regions than
th*>y aro vrfK-re they cro?s rocks with
Ws soluble material. Many of the valleys
In Pennsylvania. Kentucky. West Vir
ginia and all alcng the Appalachian chiin
have evidently bc-en formed by this ex
cepslve action of water in dissolving lime
etorse rocks. It Is estimated that the Xit
taojr Valley in Pennsylvania has be*n
<5*eppnpd 1000 feet below that of the ad
joining rrgion by the sole agency of this
chemi<*fil action cf water upon the lime
stone rock.
Over the eastern part of the United
State* about three fe*t of water falls
ar.nunlly. About two-thirds of this is
evajx.ratrd. and so goes directly back to
the eky without aiding the great ero
sive process which is going on. But the
r#-mninlng twelve Jrsehf-s of water that
f.r.vk-g off from the Furfare and finds its
way to the »*-a is an agent of tremen
<Viu« capacity. Through the stream*
which carry off this surplus precipitation
fr^im the ? astern United States, 250 cubic
mile* of water are carried into the ocean
»-very year, or about two-thirds of s cubic
mile «>\-*>ry day. Every drop of this water
has loosened from Its place some particle
Of earthy matter end home it by Its own
momentum to h lower level, and ha* in
addition dissolved some of the soluble
?•Wmentp of the poll and taken it alor.g
?o add to the paUness and hardness of the
pea water. Thus we may f>;w*ak <>f the
rains as slowly but literally dissolving
the continents, as warm spring showers
dissolve the accumulated pnow* of win
ter.
OV <i FREDERICK WRIGHT. A. M.. LL. D.
(Author of "It* Xw- in North America. 1 'Man
tr<l the Glacial 1'eriod." "Asiatic
Kcheia." etc
Until a ohort time a«o the erosive pow
er of moving water was chiefly thought
nt in connection with the waves which
thundrr against a!l rock bound coasts,
and with the great rivers which seam
all mountain fiar.ks with deep gorges and
canyons and wind in serpentine course
through the valleys. But more
rareful attention to the facts make It
c!ear that these play but a minor part
in the grrat movements that are con-
Fiantly plar.ing down the continents to
th* level of the sea. The greater part of
the work which Is «>o rapidly going on of
wearing down th«> hills and filling up all
'.ekes and hays, extending the coast line
out Into the sea. Is accomplished by the
action of innumerable less conspicuous
and les* noisy agents.
Water Molds the World.
fresh light In which It is seen. Wearing
the crown of Upper Egypt, and clad in
his thick embroidered robe, this old King,
wily yet feeble with the weight of years,
stands for the diplomacy and statecraft
of the oldest civilized kingdom that we
know. No later artist of Egypt, no Re
man portrait-maker, no Renaissance Ital
ian, has outdone the truth and expression
of this oldest royal portrait, coming from
the first dynasty of Egypt."
— - — — • -
GRTI VT issues depend on the result of this day's balloting in San Francisco. The new char
ter was framed by experts in civil government; doctrinaires in reform and business men of
rpni1tp Tt , v^ expected that immediate results would follow its adoption, in more economi
cal and better government. Immediately following its. confirmation as the fundamental law
of the city there arose a "small party of politicians \vh| taught the people that they^vere the only
friends of the charter, and who claimed that its practical operation should be entrusted to them. This
was done, and from the hour that it became operative until now its administration has been in the
hands of those claimants. In politics they were anti-Republicans, and now they are divided into two
squads, and each is accusing the other of having used the charter for the benefit o{ the partisan or
ganizations and the aggrandizement of their political friends.
Each accuses the other of letting the charter lie dormant as an instrument through which to I
effectnhe public and general welfare, while diverting and using its powers for the restricted benefit of j
a few. This is their attitude toward the anti-Republican administration of the charter since the people;
o-.tve it "life and them authority. It is their own declaration, and the final result of the new charter, I
as seen bv these self-elected friends of that instrument, js a maze of crimination and recrimination j
charging its misuse and misapplication. Schmitz and Lane mutually charge each other with the in-j
lention to continue and perpetuate this misuse of the organic law. They to-day go to judgment; to bej
¦weighed and measured by the people in the light of their £own charges of maladministration, and their
averment that the system is to be continued by whichever dne is elected. The city is weary of this. \
The people feel deeply that there is fact at the bottom of the asserted misuse of the charter.
The men who trumpeted their mission as its friends have ffurnished the testimony on which this feel
ing is founded. There is also a wide conviction that the failure of the charter to produce the degree
of betterment in government which it was devised to secure is due to putting its powers in the hands
of professional politicians. This gave rise to the desire to intrust the government to a clean and clear
headed business man. which caused the nomination of Mr; Crocker for Mayor. The people want to
test the charter in such hands. Its self-chosen friends confess that where its powers have so far been
invoked they have been abused. The people want its dormant possibilities of better government in
spired with activity. They want an efficient test .of its potentiality as a sufficient cause of growth andj
greatftess in San Francisco. They want to settle now the issue whether a business man has the right i
to aspire to the headship of the town. All who have kept in touch with the current incidents of the j
campaign have noticed Mr. Crocker's abstention from personalities. They have seen his walk upon!
the level path of average good citizenship, where the majority of our people go and come. |
They have noted that he has claimed no special inspiration above the heads of his fellows, and
that he has claimed no mysterious predestination, and no election to a special mission. He has been
content to utter the desires of the average man for good government, for clean administration, for the
city's accomplishment of a great future projected from its great past. He has expressed his conviction i
that the charter is an ample garment to clothe a greater city, and has not claimed that he is the One!
and only man who can guide San Francisco forward to the mark of her high calling, but only that his i
nomination and election put upon him the duty of doing the wisest and best that he knows. From the i
masses have come abundant evidence that he is credited with the ability and the force to do this, and
that the average citizen turns to him with frank confidence.
Since the demonstration on Saturday night no good judge of the. popular purpose has doubted
his election. He has been the object of much spiteful abuse, of flagrant misrepresentation and of the
stock partisan accusations made by politicians, not to save the city from any risk, not to turn any im-i
pending peril from the public, not to effect any. good thing, but only to promote the fortunes of profes
sional politicians, who, divided into rival camps of spoilsmen, turn from detraction of him to belabor
each other. The people are tired of all this hypocrisy and pretense, of the exploitation of fads to divert
the people's attention from the admitted misuse of the charter, and the conversion of public authority!
into private gain. The supporters of Mr. Crocker are not confined to one party nor to one class. They '
are found in every section of the city and among all who labor, by hand, head and heart, to achieve
the destiny which they believe possible 'to San Francisco.
Therefore he says, with conviction and intent, that he will, as Mayor, regard his duty as run
ning to the service of ail the people, extending to each his just share of good and righteous administra-i
tion. His canvass has not been devoted to showing in abhorrent colors how bad and beastly somebody j
else is, but to expressing his faith in the people, his confidence in their judgment and his submission to;
their will. A vote for him is a liallot for sanity in government and for the right use of authority ad-j
ministered in a spirit of respect for all rights, and in the interest of that equality of all men which is the
inspiration and purpose of our free institutions.
"That night the oldest boy was killed
by a car and I remember what a time
we had to take the little body from the
parents and send It to the Morgue. The
head was badly crushed and they never
saw his face after he had left the house,
soon after the photograph Incident, smil
ing and happy, to sell his papers. But
the father had one consolation— he
thought that we would have the lad's
picture in two days and could always
keep it.
"Afterward I would see the father
standing afternoon after afternoon at that
corner and turning homeward at night
with tears in his eyes when the prom
ised picture did not come. I thought It
was a case of where a Joke Is not always
a joke."
"What' is Intended for a joke often ends
In the pathetic, though the perpetrator
may never knovr of It," said a policeman
in the Latin quarter, as he watched the
I ambulance-, drive away with a lad who
! had been run over by a car. "This kid
I Just sent away reminds me of one who
was killed here In about the same way
ten years ago and about whom there Is a
story.
j "I was talking to a surveyor who was
I working with a tripod level near Tele
1 graph Hill one afternoon, when an Italian
woman came up and asked my compan
ion In broken English what he would
charge to photograph her family. See
ing that the woman mistook his instru
ment for a camera, he winked at me and
stated an unusually small fee for bis
work. There were nine In the family and
the oldest of the children was 12 years.
"We did have fun. He lined them all
up In front of this surveyor's transit and j
had them performing all sorts of stunts
and posing in every imaginable way for I
about half an hour, much to the amuse
ment of myself and a crowd that had
gathered. When he had finished he was
asked when the pictures would be com
pleted and where they could be procured,
and he replied- in an off-hand way that
he would be at the corner of Dupont and
Vallejo streets about three days from that
time.
The Aftermath.
While we are on the subject of faults
and obstacles let me caution you against
one flaw that has marred many an other
wise good boxer. That is the habit of
"snapping back." "Snapping back" Is
drawing back the hand and arm before
the blow you have just delivered has fair
ly landed. It is, of course, necessary to
grt back to guard at once just as soon as
your blow is delivered. But that blow
should be delivered with all the force you
intended to put into it before the arm Is
drawn back. Nervousness often leads a
man to snap back his arm to guard be
fore his blow has fairly reached its mark.
To fall Into this habit is ruinous to all
hopes of good boxing. I will speak of
other errors to be avoided later on. Now
for our leeson. which you will find in
next Friday's' issue.
There, will be other but far less Im
portant points to puzzle you as you pro
ceed. The three I have named are by far
the most difficult to overcome, and yet
each of the trio can be mastered with a
little practice.
Watch your sparring partner's work
and make him watch yours. When either
of you make a 'mistake stop and go over
the maneuvir again and again until you
get it correctly.* pon't let each other fall
into bad or slovenly habits of boxing, but
ke*-p each other "up to the mark."
Don't practice for a week or so and then
give it up. Nothing worth knowing was
ever learned in that time. Spar at it
dally, month after month. Spar three
rounds a day. No more than that.
At first spar two-minute rounds. Then,
as wind and muscle Improve, lengthen the
rounds to thro*- minutes each. But never
box longer than three minutes without
resting.
The "rests" between rounds should at
first be two minutes long. I>ater, shorten
these "rests" to one minute each.
More boys are injured during the "rests"
than in any actual boxing. For Instance,
you are overheated, perspiring and pant-
Ing. Your natural Instinct is to "cool off"
quickly. And that Is the very worst thing
you can do, for It leads to pneumonia,
rheumatism and a dozen other ills. As
soon as the rest begins wrap a coat about
you or some other thick covering, keep
out of a draught and run no risks of tak
ing cold.
When through your bout for the day
take a quick, cold rponge bath, then rub
yourself down vigorously with a rough
towel and dress as rapidly as possibly.
That is one of the great advantages of
choosing anothf-r boy of about your own
size as a "sparring partner." You can
help each other and at the same time im
prove by constant practice. It is always
well, when somewhat further advanced, to
box whenever you can with some one
who is a better boxer than you are. For
it is by boxing with better and not with
Inferior opponents that one becomes skill
ful.
The third "sticking point" comes when
a boy, having learned by rote all the
various leads, guards, blocks, counters,
etc.. of boxing, tries to apply those tricks
in a regular boxing match. Just as a
music pupil who has learned all the scales
cannot expect at once to become a dash
ir.g performer, no a boy who has the de
tails of boxing at hie fingers* ends must
practice those various details ovt-r and
over until he has them instinctively.
Then, when his opponent makes a certain
lead he will know, without stopping to
think, what is th»» correct guard or coun
ter for It. He will also see openings in
the other's guard and will be quick to
take advantage of them.
Only by constant boxing can this in
stinct be gained.
To acquire this balance, throw yourself
repeatedly into the first position ("on
guard," as described in the last lesson),
lead with left and right, and continue tu
do this until such leads no longer result
in a tendency to make you topple over.
While still standing on guard. Jump for
ward, then backward, then to either side;
always landing in just the attitude in
which you were standing before you
mad*- the leap. This is not easy at first,
but a little practice will make it so. The
"boxing balance" being far different from
the ordinary balance, must be cultivated
until it, too, becomes second nature.
The second of the^ three "sticking
points" is sooner and more easily over
come. Every boy has an instinctive idea
of self-defense. When he has t^ken a
few boxing lessons, this primitive instinct
seems, for the time, to leave him. In
other words, he has lost his natural
knack of fighting, and he has not yet ac
quired the scientific method of boxing.
He feels awkward, almost helpless. In
a few more lesions, however, he will
adapt himself to the science he is learn
ing and will quickly become more formid
able than ever before. Then, in time, if
bli natural instincts at self-defense were
really good, th<>y will return and will
blend with the boxing skill he has
learned. The boy in whom these natural
and scientific instincts are best blended,
is the finest boxer and the most terrific
fighter. Such a boxer is Terry McGovern,
who. while a mere boy, fought his way
to the head of Tils profession. Another uf
th»* same sort is Jim Jeffries.
go it is in boxing. Until you get your
txjxlng balance, you will be awkward and
will make little progress. But it will
come, with a little practice.
the "boxing balance." When you walk,
run or even stand you are unconsciously
maintaining a balance. You do not real
ize this, because it has become instinctive.
If some one pushes you hard and sud
denly, what happens? You lose your bal
ance. Instinctively, if you are at all
quick on your feet, you will recover this
balance. Otherwise you will fall. When
you first learned to walk, you lost your
balance most of the time. It was new to
you. You were obliged to think of it all
the time. A moment's. forgetfulneps or a
collision with any obstacle and down you
went. Gradually the balanc** became in
stinctive.
TO-DAY DECIDES.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 3, 1903.
THE jAN_ FRANCISGO CALL
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor^ • - - • • • • • Addressj Afl Commanications to JOHN McNAUGHT.jfonager
Publication O^ZZZZZZZT. ¦ . . . <t^^TT. ......Third and Marfcet Streets, S. F.
TUESDAY ¦-,'•' ' ...NOVEMBER 3,I9O3
INSTRUCTIVE STUDIES
BY NOTED MEN AND
WOMEN
8
TALK OF THE TOWN
AND TOPICS OF THE
TIMES.WYOMING EXECUTIVE WHO
MAY SEND STATE TROOPS
* AFTER REDSKINS.
Stricken With Paralysis.
OAKLAND. Nov. 2.-E. W. Marston,
former I president of the Oakland Board
of Trade, has been removed to the Lane
Hospital, San Francisco, as he Is suffer
ing from a .slight stroke.of paralysis. The
physicians are hopeful that the patient
will recover. The Marston residence is at
13D1 Webster street.
Church Edifice Endangered.
OAKLAND, Nov. 2.— The Thirty-fourth
street Methodist Church was in danger
to-day from a grass fire that burned the
steps before the lire department got the
blazing brush under control.
Steamship Loch Maxee Sinks.
ALGIERS. Jfov. 2.— The Dutch steamer
Olenda from Kertch, Russia", has landed
here sixteen survivors of the British
steamer Loch Maree, Captain Allison,
which capsized and sank off Bizerta,
Algeria. Before the Olenda, which saw
the distress signals, could come to the as
sistance of the Loch Maree, the captain,
two officers, one passenger and five of the
crew were drowned. The survivors were
rescued by the aid of ropes.
Henry J. Crocker is pledged to do
something 1 for San Francisco and is In
a position to fulfill the pledsre. Schmitz
is bound hard and fast to Buef and can
not move -without permission of his
boss.
Victory for Henry J. Crocker to-day
means much to yon and your family.
The honest expenditure of pnbllo money*
means the redaction of the tax rate, and
von will be tne winner.
There are two German steamers named
Duisberg. One Is a small freighter and
probably not a mail steamer, which left
Bremen October 20 for Mediterranean
ports. The other steamer Duisberg be
longs to the Deutsche-Australische Steam
ship Company of Hamburg and runs be
tween Hamburg, and Sydney. She sailed
from Sydney August 18 for her home port
and from Colombo October 9. She was
reported at Bombay on October 18.
LONDON, Nov. 3.— "The German mail
steamer Dulsberg," says the Lisbon cor
respondent of the Morning Leader, "has
been wrecked in the fog near Lisbon.
Many of her passengers were saved. She
Is now being assisted by salvage steam
ers."
Disaster to the Duisberg During Fog
Probably Attended by Loss
of Life.
GERMAN MAIL STEAMSHIP
WRECKED OFF PORTUGAL
SAN DIEGO. Nov. 2.— The discovery of
an abandoned tent, cooking utensils and
other evidences of domesticity In a se
questered spot back of Ocean Beach
brought to Mght the unfortunate story of
a former minister of the gospel from
Texas known as the Rev. Mr. Paul.
Rome time ago the clergyman's wife
abandoned him and went to Log Angeles,
where she took up the employment of
barmaid. To that point her sorrowing
spouse followed her and endeavored to
Induce her to return with him to ¦ their
home. In this the preacher was wholly
unsuccessful, and in despair he came to
this city and made his home In a tent. In
a short time the funds of Mr. Paul be
came exhausted, and through Chle:
Thomas' Intercession he was taken In
charge by helping hands. He is now on
his way to hia former home.
Texas Clergyman Has a Brief, Un
fortunate Experience in South
ern California,
MAKES TENT HIS HOME
WHEN HIS WIFE LEAVES
Establishment of an ordnance corps In
the navy" Is another important recom
mendation of the chlqfTbf ordnance.
A petition signed by a large number of
Flllpinos'for the establishment of a naval
gun factory at a safe distance from the
town of Cavite has been received at the
Navy Department, and the chief of ord
nance urge's a sufficient appropriation for
this purpose.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 2.— To aid the
navy in manufacturing the 918 guns nec
essary for the twenty-five battleships,
armored 1 and protected cruisers and gun
boats now under construction or con
tracted f,or, Rear Admiral Charles O'Nell,
chief of ordnance, In his annual report,
made public to-day, recommends that the
navy call for assistance upon the army
gun factory at Watervliet and private
concerns and that Congress appropriate
$1,000,000 for the' general increase of the
navy gun factory at Washington.
NAVY DEPARTMENT IN
NEED OF GUN FACTORIES
Elections in Bulgaria.
SOFIA, Nov. . 2.— The elections have re
sulted in the return of 145 supporters of
the Government, nine Democrats, thirty
members of the Stolloivlst party and four
representatives of other factions.
SIOUX FALLS, S. D., Nov. 2.— Wallace
D. Scott, who to-day, in Chicago, took
out a license to Marry Blanche D. Chese
brough, the former wife of Roland B.
Molineaux of New York, is a member of
the local law firm of Kittredge, Winans
& Scott, the senior member of which is
United j States Senator Kittredge. Mr.
Scott is serving his second term as State
Attorney. He left Sioux Falls last Satur
day for Chicago; where he is supposed to
have met the former Mrs. Molineaux, who
departed from New York on the same day
that Scott left this city. The law firm
of which Scott Is a member represented'
Mrs. Mdlineaux in her recent divorce liti
gation in this State.
CHICAGO, Nov. 2.— A license to marry
was taken out to-day in the names of
Wallace D. Scott and Blanche D. Chese
brough. Their ages are given In the
license as 2S and 29 respectively, and the
residence of both is given as Sioux Falls,
S. D. .
The damage caused by the fire has not
yet been precisely estimated, but it is sup
posed that it will not exceed $50,000.
The Pope has ordered an Increase In the
force of firemen at the Vatican, in \order
to be able to face any situation of the
kind In the future, and to protect the
Vatican treasures.
The Vatican authorities have expressed
satisfaction with the help and sympathy
given by the Italian officials. Monsignor
Merry del Val, Papal Secretary of State,
acting under the personal instruction of
the Pope, has written a letter to the com
mander of the Italian firemen, thanking
him for the work done In extinguishing
the fire and enclosing a contribution to
the Firemen's Mutual Assistance League.
ROME. Nov. 2.— Inquiry Into the cause
of the fire at the Vatican last night shows
that It was accidental/due either to care
lessness in leaving the kitchen fire lighted
or to the combustion of acids which M.
Marie kept for his work in making re
productions of ancient manuscripts and
illuminated books for exhibition at St.
Louis. The rumors of Incendiarism are
proved to be altogether unfounded.
BERLIN. Nov. 2.— The German Govern
ment, which is supposed In Its policy to
lean toward Russia, is not making any
political capital out of the approaching
meeting of Emperor William and the
Czar at Wiesbaden Wednesday next. An
intimation has been spread through the
Government newspapers that the meet
ing of the monarchs will be of a purely
social character and without political
significance.
The German Emperor will arrive at
Wiesbaden to-morrow from Saalsberg,
where he went to examine the latest ex
cavations at the Roman camp, and the
Czar will reach Wiesbaden the day fol
lowing. The two monarchs and their
puites will be present at a galar perform
ance of the opera, which. It appears, will
be the only festivity. The German Em
peror will, as is usual on these occasions,
be attended by a great convoy of Min
isters, court officials and members of his
private Cabinet.
The memorial service for Czar Alex
ander III at the Russian chapel at Darm
stadt yesterday was attended by the Czar
and Czarina and the other members of
the Russian imperial party.
Berlin Press Says Con
ference Will Be of
No Significance.
Damage Done by Blaze
in the Vatican
Not Great.
Former Wife of Roland
• Molineux of New •
York Will Marry.
LONDON, Nov. 2.— Sir Edward Egerton,
British Minister at Athens, has been ap
pointed British Embassador at Madrid In
succession to Sir Henry Mortimer
Durand, recently appointed Embassador
to the United States.
Succeeds Embassador Durand.
Mr. Bulger then said that the second
mate in his report said that the boilers
exploded. Ward explained this by saying
at the time the ship sunk her boilers had
but about seven or eight pounds. of steam
in them and he accounted for the blowing
up of the hatches by the fact that the
water in rushing into the hold when the
bulkhead gave way came so suddenly that
the air in the vessel was forced suddenly
out, causing everything loose to go with
The inspectors then asked the following
question: "In your opinion. Mr. Ward,
considering the state of the weather*
If all hands had been called on deck to
their stations at the boats, do you not
think those boats and rafts could have
EXPLAINS EXPLOSION.
"When you came on deck were you not
surprised to find the boats gone from the
ship's side?" . , „
"Yes, sir, I was somewhat surprised.
"Up to that time you had not been noti
fied to leave the ship and the engines were
running all the time?"
••I had not and the engines were run
"The engineer then told the same story
about lifeboat drills as the previous wit
nesses had. In response to a question as
to whether the bells were ever out of or
der Ward said: "There were times when
we had a little difficulty with the bells.
Once Captain Mclntyre reported it to me
that the port bell wire was slack. I took
in the slack. The bells were In good order
at the time 'of the wreck and I do not
think there .was any possibility that a
bell might have been pulled and not
heard One could easily tell If the engines
were running on deck by the vibration."
The questioning was then continued.
"Do you think it was probable that the
bell did not strike If the wire was pulled? J
•'I think It would have struck; the wires
"Was there a return sounder in the pi
lot house?"
"I suppose there was: there was one In
the engine room." r ....j.. .
Continuing Ward said that the boats
were almost out of sight In the fog when
he came on deck. "We had to sit In the
water on our raft, as it was partly sub
mersred When I, was on deck I counted
twenty-one or twenty-two men left by the
°"H those two boats were launched
wouldn't they have held every one on
board?" was asked.
"Yes, sir." '
"Was there much wind at the time?"
"There was not." .
"Was there much sea on?"
•'No, sir."
to launch the raft. After that was
launched the second mate asked me if I
Wouldn't run the engines a little longer.
$ went below with an oiler and started
the engine again. I sent the oiler in the
tirercom to see if he could give her any
more fire, as the steam was getting very
low then. He came out immediately and
said that the water was in the flreroom
and in the bunkers also. The bulkhead
was bulging in and It wasn't safe to stay
there any longer. The engines then
made a few more turns and stopped from
a lack of steam. We then went on deck,
got on the life raft and saw the ship
sink from sisht."
Ward was then cross-examined by Cap
tain Bolles and Mr. Bulger.
"How long was it from the time the
ship struck until she sank?"
"About three-quarters of an hour.
What speed was she making when she
struck?"
"About eight and a half knots.
FOUND- BOATS GONE.
been got overboard safely and all hands
saved?"
"I think so, sir."
Ward then told of the condition of the
propeller and Captain Mclntyre and th«
mate were given an opportunity to ask
him any questions they wished, but nei
ther nad any to ask.
The case was continued until 1 o'clock
Wednesday afternoon.*
It is estimated that the financial loss
will run from MOOjOOQ to J300 000 n un
<!reds of freight car? were almost mm
pletely demolished, wbifc a numb., r
houses in the vicinity £ the eTp^ion
were badly wrecked. A number of per"
sons received serious cuts and bruWs
from flying g !afi s. Nearly *v, r v window
m town was smashed by the tefrlflc eo£
CRESTLINE. Ohio. Nov. 2-The Penn
sylvania Railway yards here presented a
fcene of ruin to-day as a result of the
explosion of a car of dynamite on a side
track last evening. So far as learned no
lives were lost, although the mass of
wrecked freight cars have not yet b*en
thoroughly searched.
Hundreds of Freight Cars Demol
ished by the Explosion of
Dynamite.
HALF-MILLION DOLLARS'
DAMAGE AT CRESTLINE
PIUS X THANKS
ROME FIREMEN
FAIR DIVORCEE
TO WED LAWYER
meat supRly was exhausted and they were
hunting to obtain food.
"Reliable Information just received by
Governor Chatterton reports that the In
dians had been illegally hunting on Light
ning Creek, forty miles from Lusk, on the
Northwestern Railroad. Sheriff Miller
was seriously shot through the hip by the
Indians and a member of his posse. Falk
enburg, was killed.^ Three Indians were
killed. The Indians^are reported by Put
nam, County Clerk of Weston County, to
be from Pine Ridge. Later information is
to the effect that the Indians are Crows.
The remainder of the party are at large
in Wyoming and are supposed to be
headed eastward toward Crawford, Nebr."
Senator Warren suggests that the In
dians should be arrested and he expresses
the opinion that they can be reached
cither through Indian agents or the mili
tary authorities.
The Indian officials here believe that the
Indians involved are a band of Crows on
their way to the Pine Ridge agency to
make a visit. It is thought that their
WASHINGTON. Nov. 2.— The General
Land Office has received a telegram from
Senator Warren of Wyoming regarding
the encounter between Indians and the
authorities in Kastern Wyoming. The
telegram says:
ARE OF THE CROW TRIBE.
Marauders Probably Traveling to
• Pine Ridge for a Visit.
dians be permitted to leave their reser
vations to hunt in Wyoming. Under the
law each Indian outside of the State must
take out a gun license, which costs $50,
and go with a professional guide when
hunting. It is held that every Indian who
fails to do this violates the law and the
general Government, as guardian of the
redmen, is responsible to the State for
the payment of the license.
The chief engineer was then called in
and told the following story of the wreck:
"I was called up when the ship struck
and immediately went below to see if Bhe
was taking any water. Captain Mcln
tyre then came down and asked if she
was and I told him she was not. I got
her pumps all ready to start and had
them running five minutes when the cap
tain came down again. The vessel had
just started to leak through the bulkhead
forward and I took' the captain forward
and showed it to him. He told me to
keep her running and he would head her
for the beach. She was running all the
time. I told him I would run her until
she put the fires out -on me. The en
gineers and myself stayed below in the
engine room with the oilers and firemen
on watch until ordered by the first of
ficer to go on deck and abandon the ship.
"I eent my men on deck, stopped the
engines and raised the safety valves on
the boiler. I went on deck and found one
boat gone, the other drifting astern In
the fog. . I asked the first officer what
we were going to use, and he said the life
rafts were all that were left and they
would not hold us all. He said the only
thing to do was* to construct a. raft of
hatches, so the second mate and the men
on deck started to construct one. Bruce
then asked me If there was any steam
left In the boiler and if I could run her
while he tried to head her for the beach.
"I said there was and went dq,wn, low
ered the safety valve on the boiler and
ran her for about ten minutes. Then
the second assistant and myself went on
deck and left the engines running to see
how they were making out with the raft.
Men on the afterhouse were getting ready
to lower the ship's raft and I asked them
to wait till I stopped the engine so that
It would not; be broken up by the wheel.
"I went below, stopped the engines
and then came on deck again and assisted
ENGINEER WARD'S STORY.
"I did not."
I At this juncture Mr. Bulger said that
Tie would like to call in the engineer and
get the thing straightened out as to
whether the ship was moving, turning
around or not.
Captain Mclr.tyre had testified that the
South Portland's propeller was out of
water and the hub plainly visible before
any of the boats was launched and was
of no service in moving the vessel ahead.
Chief Engineer Ward says that when he
left the ship, just before she was ready to
sink, the propellor hub was not visible
out of the water and that only about six
i inches of the tips of its blades were to
be seen.
BRUCE ON THE STAND.
First Officer Bruce 'was first placed on
the stand at the opening of the investi
gation vesterday. His testimony was a
continuation of that given last Friday.
He told of the launching of the life rafts.
He then replied to the following ques
tions:
"Did you order the vessel headed to
the beach before you launched the life
raft?"
"I did."
"How, then, did it get around to the,
direction of the beach if her engine le
didn't have any steam?" "
"I headed her as near as I could."
"The engines, then, were unable to give
her headway?"
••Not to any extent."
"Did she make any headway?" :
"I believe she did."
"If she had headway at that time, why
didn't she have headway at the time 1
when the boats were launched?"
"As far as I know she was stopped."
"If, then, there was no headway on the
ship and you could not get headway r by
running the engines, why did you ask
the engnie crew to stay in the engine ,
room?"
"I didn't ask them to stay in the en
gine room. They were all on deck at
this time. I asked the engineer if he
could give me steam and I'd head her
for the beach. He went down with one
man, I think the second assistant engin
eer, and gave me steam enough to get
her head around, but whether she got
any headway or not I couldn't say, she
was so down in the head."
"When you gave orders to abandon the
ship were the engines then working?"
"I don't believe they were. I couldn't
really say."
"Did you at any time after the ship
struck give any bell or word to the en
gineer until the time that you asked him
to run her for the beach?"
The engineer, in response to a question
by Captain Holies, said that he thought
that if the shi.o had been stopped and
all hands called to the boats all of
the passengers might have been saved.
He said that when he was called on deck
both boats were disappearing in the fog
and that Captain Mclntyre was gone with
them.
Ward stated that the wind was light
and the sea not heavy, a flat contradic
tion of the previous testimony given by
the captain and the first mate that the
wind was stiff and the sea choppy and
rough.
Chief Engineer James A. Ward of the
wrecked South Portland was on the
stand yesterday afternoon and flatly con
tradicted Mate Bruce's statement that the
ship was not going ahead at the time of
the launching "of the boats. He also
stated that the first assistant engineer,
Charles Huston, who was on watch at
the time the vessel struck, told him that
he had received no bell to sfop her and
that he had only got a slow bell. This
testimony was in direct contradiction to
that given by Mate Bruce at the investi
gation last Friday. Bruce claimed that
as soon as the ship struck he gave the
engineer a signal to stop the vessel. <
The engineer saUl that the boat was go
ing ahead from the time she struck until
the last hie raft was launched and full
speed ahead from the time the captain
entered the engine-room the second time.
During all the time the lifeboats were
being launched Ward says the boat was
going ahead, how fast he does not know,
but says that the engines were doing
their best. He also testified to the fact
that the movement of the boat must have
been perceptible from the deck, as the
vibration of the engines could be noticed.
Who cave the assistant tneineer the
slow bell and whether that was the only
one he received will never be known, for
he is dead having succumbed to exposure
while on the life raft*
SEA WAS CALM.
Contradicts Testimony of Other Of
ficers and Asserts Assistant Did
Not Tell Him of Receiving
Bell to Stop.
States Sea Was Calm and
Propeller Was Not
Out of Water.
LONDON". Nov. 2.— There was an im
mens" gathering or Salvationists at Con
prrss Hall. Clapton, to-night at a memor
ial service for Consul Mrs. Booth-Tucker.
General Booth, commander-in-chief of
the Salvationists throughout the world
«nd the father of Mrs. Booth-Tucker,
made a touching address in which he re
viewed the active and effective life work
of his daughter In connection with the
Falvation Army. He urged that a greater
devotion to the purposes of the Army
•rottld be the best memorial to Mrs
Booth-Tucker.
Thousands of persons from this city
and vicinity, mainly from the poorer and
middle classes, to whom Mrs-. Kmma
Booth-Tucker had devoted her life,
viewed the body of the d^ad Salvation
Army leader as it lay in state all day
to-day at th^ Salvation Army headquar
ters here. Few left the hall with dry
eye*. All around the casket were massed
many floral tributes ami directly over It
«ras a large;' American flag.
To-morrow morning there will be a
farewell service, attended by members
of the Salvation Army and relatives of
the dead, after which the body will be
taken to Woodlawn Cemetery far inter
ment.
In your inter of this morning you over
took the express purpose of General Balling
ton Booth's and Herl.en Booth's visit to th«
Carnegie Music Hall. It was for a family
gathering around the body and not merely to
view the remain?. We regret this deplorable
exhibition of Salvation Army spirit and we
cannot advise General Eallingion Booth :o be
?xpose<J to the probable rejieiition of d^sre
fpect that would be *hcwn him were he to
day to visit the Salvation Army's own hcad
gaarten.
It was furthest from thrir thoughts to al
}::(if to ar.y <J i JTt-renc* between the movement*
cf governments and they felt that when the
public w«k being allowed to participate in
th«> ohsequies of their Ulster they, tn mem
bers of the family had some rights. He
would never have frr.ne near the Carnegie Mu
fic Hall had he not been assured over the
wire by your representatives that his re
quests would be re«r>ecte<5. General Balling
ton Booth was told in the hearing of Mrs.
Booth that his arrangements were conceded
to. all but that one ]>oint, and he imme
diately waive.1 that w:sh in deference to The
lequest of Miss Eva. Booth and Commander
Eooth-Tuekrr.
Tour letter to O<»n»>ral n*'!ir.jrton IV>oth ha*
b*en rpce'.v^d in which you eay that if ho
wishes xo privately view the body of his sis
ter to-<!ay iMonday) you will px<-1udi» the
public from the lying-in-stat*. as his doing
feo was " "impossible" a.t Carnegta Hall. After
the Inconsiderate and indefinite way in. which
QcansJ Islington Booth was treated yestpr
cay at the Carnegie Muffc Hall It would n»t
I* wise for him to subject h!niK«lf to funhrr
ini*rn<Jer*tandlng\ iHiring the three-<juartera
of an hour h<> waited there It would have
bo*>a quite possible for you to have arcedej to
h:». as also to Mr. and Mrr. Herbert Booth'*
jequt-sis. for a family gathering. He was at
the hall with the unJ*r?taniiing that you had
Iv-en fully consulted. as aiso Commander
llooth-Tucker and Miss Eva Ilooth. His re
quest was one perfectly natural to any trother,
i-iy.ply :¦• pray with the members of the fam
ily for a brief time around the coffin. He
came purely in the *r'r!t of Fympathy and
unofficially, as a'.ro did Mr. and Mrs. Herbert
Booth.
NEW YORK, Nov. 2.— General Balling
ton Booth, head of the Volunteers of
America, who refused to remain at the
Bex i Ices in memory of his sister. Consul
Emma Booth-Tucker, at Carnegie Hall,
Sunday, boea.use the Salvation Army of
ticials refused to permit a family gath
ering before the public services, later
received a letter from Colonel L. M. Hig
pins of the Salvation Army in explana
tion thereof, together with an invitation
to view the remains privately at the Sal
vation Army national headquarters to-
T.ay. In reply the national secretary- for
the Volunteers of America forwarded a
letter for Colonel HIggins, which is as
follows:
CZAR AND KAISER
SOON WILL MEET
Governor Chatterton is waiting for ad
ditional information before ordering
troops to the scene of the battle with the
Indians. The Governor has called upon
the Commissioner of Indian Affairs to
assist in bringing the murderers to Jus
tice. He will also insist that no more In-
Eagle Feather is a graduate of the Car
lisle Coll^ee and played on the football
eleven. He is possessed of superior in
telligence, but is a trouble breeder. When
be'beard that his band was to be stopped
from killing game he sent a defiance to
Sheriff Miller.
Miller is the third Central Wyoming
Sheriff to be murdered wirTlin five years.
The report of the second battJe has not
been substantiated, and Governor Chat
terton is making an investigation. If the
report is true troops probably will be
ordered out.
IS A CARLISLE GRADUATE.
Not knowing that "her husband was
dead. Mrs. Miller, accompanied by a sur
geon and trained nurse, started for L>usk
last night on a special train, supposing
that the wounded would be taken thither.
Sheriff Miller and his posse of twelve
men, a number of them ranchmen picked
up en route, came up with the Indians
under Eagle Feather and Black Kettle,
a noted Sioux warrior, near the Beaver
Dams on Lightning Creek Just at dusk
on Saturday night. Inspired by Eagle
Feather's lead, the redskins opened fire
and for a few minutes a battle raged,
resolving Into a skirmish later. Sheriff
Mlllpr fell before Black Kettle's fire, with
a great wound in his thigh, and expired
a hnlf hour later from loss of blood,
niack Kettle was shot down immediately
and expired without a struggle.
Darkness came down while the battle
raged and the combatants located each
other by spurts of flame. Falkenburg
was struck in the n^ck, the bullet al
most severing his head from his body.
At last Eagle Feather was struck by two
bullets simultaneously, both of his legs
being pierced, and at his fall the surviv
ing members of the band surrendered or
fled in the darkness.
Six Indians were killed outright, ten
wounded and five captured. Eagle Feath
er lay where he fell, surrounded by the
dead, until morning, when, with the other
prisoners and the wounded, he was taken
to Newcastle. Davis and Hackney, with
the dead Sheriff and deputy, started for
town during the night.
LIGHTNING CREEK BATTLE.
iff Charles Falkenburg, rein
forced by a large party of their tribes
men, is reported to have taken place this
morning near the Horseshoe ranch. Nine
Indians are said to have been killed and
ten captured while the posse escaped
without loss or injury. The captives are
at the Horseshoe ranch, under guard.
Indian couriers have carried the news
of the battles to the agency and to other
bands of hunters, and it is feared that
a general rising will occur. A posse
under John Owen, a widely known Indian
tighter and scout, has gone from New
castle to intercept the flight of fugitives
toward the reservation, and posses have
taken the field from all towns in the
vicinity of the trouble.
Deputies Davis and Hackney arrived at
Newcastle at 1:30 o'clock this morning
with the bodies of Miller and Falken
burg, and later the remainder of the
posso came in with the prisoners and
twenty captured horses. Five wagon
loads of squaws, captured several days
ago, also are at Newcastle. The feeling
th^re is high and the prisoners may be
subjected to violence.
CHEYENNE. Wyo.. Nov. 2.— A bat
tle with the Indians who mur
dered Sheriff W. H. Miller of
Weston County and Deputy Sher-
Refuses to Pay a Last Visit
to Remains of Dead
Relative.
Chief Engineer Ward
Tells of Loss of
Steamer.
Gen. Ballington Booth
Resents Action of
Salvationists.
ENGINES RUN
WHILE SINKING
SHIP WALLOWS
WILL NOT VIEW
SISTER'S BODY
GRADUATE OF THE CARLISLE SCHOOL
LEADS WYOMING INDIANS IN BATTLE
Second Engagement Between Fleeing Braves and Pur
suing Posses Is Fought in Westorr County, Wyo.
Nine Reds Being Reported Killed ana Ten Captured
THE SAN FRAK CISCO CALL, TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 3, 1903
9
ADVERTISEMENTS.
An Old Magazine j
A New Management!
See the \
n K November ;
r OVERLAND
i> MONTHLY
E A
N UNIONIZED
s
' ¦ Every man, woman
and child in the United
States should read this
article
SENSATIONAL
NOW OUT
> .^, , ., ,| ,i.r
I ¦"•¦ - t^ \ Ij
Always Remember the Fall Jiamn
I .axative Rromo
Cures a CoW in One Day, Cnp in 2 Days
GRAPE-NUTS.
NICKNAMES.
What the Jolly School Principal Is
Called.
Nicknames never yet hurt a healthy
man.
An Ohio lady tells a good food story
-Once years ago my sister, at that time
a woman of 25, became so ill from nerv-
ous exhaustion that for two years her life
was despaired of. She had suffered from
dyspepsia since a girl and the nervous
trouble of course aggravated that, until
it became impossible for her to eat or
take nourishment of any kind without in-
tense suffering.
"Like all persons affected with nervous
diseases, she also suffered from insomnia,
and it was nothinjr unusual for her to
flepp only three hours out of twenty-four.
All the years she had been a miserable
invalid her diet consisted almost entirely
of milk and eggs. Finally Grape-Xuts
came upon the market and she tried this
food for breakfast, four teaspoonfuls in
a pint of hot m!lk, and the change in her
condition was perfectly marvelous.
"She improved at once and her face
has now grown round and fat as I re-
membered It In rirlhood and the increase
in flesh has extended all over. She never
was weighed while an invalid, so we can-
not «ay just how much she has gained,
but it is wonderful. She now sleeps the
whele night through and all the miser-
sble weakness and aches in head and neck
are gen*. She Is again well and strong
and happy, when it looked as though she
would never have any happiness on this
earth again. All her neighbors look upon
her recovery as a miracle.
•The principal of the public schools in
cur dfy is euch a strong advocate of
Grape-Nuts as a brain food that .he has
gained the nickname of 'Old Grape-Nuts/
nut Miafhow or other he Is so Jolly and
healthy h* doesn't seem to care." Name
given by Postum Co., Battle Creek, Mich.
Jjook In each package for a copy of the
famooa little book, "The Bead to Wcl-
vUle."
Double the Ususal Number
of Green Trading Stamps
Given With All Purchases.
To-Day
"The Honeymoon Coat."
New York's Newest Fad Secured
Exclusively for This Store.
$12.45, $14.95, $17.50.
This coat is the prettiest shown in years. It is extremely popular
in the East, and its exclusive sale for San Francisco was fortunately se-
cured by us. It is the proper thing for street wear and is made of man-
nish materials. It is 44 inches long, has either single, double or triple
capes, and the collar is in up-to-date military style, trimmed with either
gold or silver buttons. By buying the very large line we have been able
to get a low price, and will offer these coats for sale to-morrow at three
unusually saving prices.
Blanket Sale Continues.
There was great demand for these splendid blankets yesterday, and
to give all our customers a chance for them again, and with the extra in-
ducement of double the usual number of green trading stamps, this offer
is made: • , A ,
\ $2.75— Heavy California Blankets; regular $4.00 values.
Heavy California Blankets; regular $500 values.
$4.S)."> — Heavy California Blankets; regular $6.00 values.
$«.,%O — Heavy California Blankets; regular $9.00 values.
— Heavy California Blankets; regular $10.00 values.
JjSlO.OO — Heavy California Blankets; regular $14.00 values.
$15.00 — Heavy California Blankets; regular $20.00 values.
Bargains in Every One of the
Other Departments,
M ai>vaVs?reliable !
P 1238- 1250 MARKET Sli*****NEW YORK POLICE OFFICIAL.
WHOM GAMBLERS COULD
NOT TEMPT. H
WASHINGTON, Nov. 2.— Louis Mort
feld this morning shot and killed his wife
and then committed suicide at their
boarding-house here. Mortf eld was a pa
roled patient of a hospital for the Insane.
and it i« be'lr.ved the deed was commit
ted because he was about to be returned
to the asylum.
Insane Man Kills Wife and Self.
BERKELEY, Nov. .2.— Secret football
practice began on the University of Cali
fornia campus this afternoon. The first
and second football elevens had the foot
ball field to themselves and no one was*
allowed to even look on from the hillside
or trees, there being guards on hand to
keep everybody moving. The secret prac
tice will continue Tuesday and Wednes
day, and then open playing will be re
sumed. Up to this time secret practice
has been going on in the gymnasium.
Secret Football Practice Begins.
Police Disperse Kansas Students.
MANHATTAN, Kans.. Nov. 2.— A feud
has broken out here between the Agri
cultural College students and the 'young
men of the town. A number of .the stu
dents , have been waylaid at nigjht and
pretty roughly handled. Saturday even
ing two students were severely. f . beaten.
Later in the evening a band ofj '200 col
lege, boys wont down for a return attack.
Before the opposing forces met the police
seized six ot the leaders and hurried them
to the jail for the night. Many of the
students carried concealed weapons.
Extra Session in Montana.
BUTTE, Mont., Nov. 2.— A ( Helena dis
patch to the Miner gays that] petitions
from all sections of the State are pouring
into .the" Governor's office asking that an
extra session of the Legislature, be called
to remedy. the state of affairs existing in
Montana as a result of the suspension of
the. Amalgamated mines and , smelters.
Governor Toole as yet has made no an
nouncement as to his determination In
the matter. V. ,'i ; V -
Dixie Hay Go to San Domingo.
WASHINGTON,- Nov. 2.— The training
ship Dixie, carrying a battalion of 400
marines, arrived, at Kingston? Jamaica,
to-day from Guantanamo, and probably
will be .ordered to proceed- at once' to
Puerto Plata, Santo Domingo, for the pro
tection i of , American Interests, pending
the, arrival, at that port of the cruiser
Baltimore.- . . , . ¦ ¦ - :-.-• ¦ ¦ If ¦
Public. Debt Shows Increase.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 2.— The monthly
statement.of the public debt sfjows at the
.close'of business October. 31, 1903, the total
debt, less cash in the treasury, amounted
to $920,402,501, which is an increase for the
month of $2,694,956.
"I am at a loss to give a correct theory
for the wrecking cf the train " said Gen
eral Manager Mudge, "but tWre is no
doubt about the thing being deliberately
planned. It was a most dastardly out
rage, as hundreds of lives were placed in
jeopardy, and the Santa Fe Railroad will
never stop until the mystery Is sifted to
the bottom. Our secret service agents are
hard at work now and so are the police
authorities of several cities."
LA JUNTA. Colo., Nov. 2.— Santa Fe
passenger train No. 6, eastbound, which
was wrecked by unknown oersons at
Apishapa Creek last Friday, met with
disaster again to-day at Thatcher, where
the engine left the track and turned over
on its side, killing Fireman W. H. Walker
of La Junta. Walker was a son of the
engineer who was probably fatally hurt
at Apishapa.
DENVER, Nov. 2.— A reward of $5000 is
offered by the Santa Fe officials for the
capture and conviction of the persons who
caused the wrecking of the east-bound
passenger train from Denver at Aplshapa
Creek last Friday.
Train Derailed Near Danver on Fri
day Again in Trouble, Caus
ing Fireman's Death.
SANTA FE OFFERS REWARD
FOR CAPTURE OF WRECKERS
Subsequent investigations showed that
Rollins wrote the telegrams to himself.
Rollins ran a large .bill at Mollmeaux's
hotel, promising payment when the ore
buyer, Boltone, paid for fifty tons of
tungsten ore at $400 per ton. An Analysis
secured by Mollineaux proved that the
ore contained no trace of tungsten.
TACOMA, Wash., Nov. 2.— J. R. Rollins
has been arrested near Skagway. and
charged with obtaining money under
false pretenses by attempting to .'. sell
tungsten ore mines. The complaint was
sworn to by J. A. Mollineaux, proprietor
of the 'Fifth Avenue Hotel, who claims
to have been badly swindled.
Molllncaux's story is that Rollins
claimed to' have found tungsten ore sev
eral miles up the White Pass Railway.
He staked numerous, claims and did a
rushing business selling them. To keep
up appearances he had a number of tons
shipped to Skagway for transhipment to
Plttsburg. He claimed the ore was great
ly desired by Armor plate manufacturers
at Pittsburg and the Krupp gun works.
Rollins sent a number of telegrams to
August Boltone, a New York ore i buyer,
who, he claimed, was at White Horse
and received replies from day to day,
booming the. tungsten mines and declar
ing their great value. :i
Special Dispatch to Tho Call.
\ - ¦
Transactions in Alleged
Tungsten Ore Cause
Trouble.
Early in 1899 Stewart got word that two
Mexican horse thieves were operating in
the Black River country. He at once
started in pursuit of them with J. J.
Hittsori, manager of the Black Mountain
Cattle Company. The Mexicans were
rounded up in a corral, and in the fight
which followed for their liberty #ne was
killed. Stewart and Hlttson flred and it
was never determined which bullet killed
the Mexican. It is told that Stewart cut
the Mexican open to ascertain whether
or not he was responsible for the man's
death. On Saturday Stewart came down
from Carlsbad and after a conference
with District Attorney Harper decided
that an indictment should be entered
against him. This was done. The charge
was only a formality In effect. Sheriff
Stewart taking this course to rid his
mind of the thing, which has been haunt-
Ing him from the time it occurred.
EL PASO, Tex., Nov. 2.— Among the In
dictments returned to-day by the Grand
Jury of El Paso County was one of-mur
der against Sheriff M. C. Stewart of Eddy
County, N. M., the charge having been
preferred by himself for killing r. Mexican
horse thief several .years ago near Van
Horn. Twenty minutes after the case
was opened Judge Walthall, having heard
the story of the case, charged the jury
to acquit the defendant, which was done
forthwith.
Special Dispatch to Tbe Call.
HOTEL MAN SAYS
HE WAS SWINDLED
Texas Sheriff Charges
Himself With a
Murder.
aside with scorn and indignation, but an
effort had been made to have the agent of
the pool room Indicted. This effort, how
ever, failed.
IS INDICTED AT
OWN REQUEST
SPRINGFIELD, O.. Nov. 2.— Oliver C.
Gilson, a wealthy real estate man from
Pasadena, Cal., who came here in search
of his 12-year-old daughter, carried the
child away from the home of his young
wife in Southwestern avenue last night
despite the screams and protestations of
Mrs. Gilson.
Gilson says he married Miss Florence
McGuIrA in California last August. He
alleges that because he would not deed
over his property to her she deserted him
and came here with his child.
CARRIES AWAY HIS CHILD
DESPITE WIFE'S PLEADING
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEGROES LYNCH
BLACK CULPRIT
LOS ANGELES. Nov. 2.— Prize f.ghtfr.j?
and pugilistic contests for purses .'n Los
Angeles are barred. By a vote of 6 to 3
the City Council to-day adopted a strin
gent ordinance which practically prohibits
that so-called sport. There is no doubt
that the measure will be signed by Mayor
Snyder and, inasmuch as it contains an
emergency clause, as soon as It Is ap
proved by n!m it will immediately be
come effective. /
The ordinance Js the result of a strenu
ous crusade against pugilism, which has
been conducted here for several weeks,
and which had its origin* in certain brutal
exhibitions of questionable squareness.
The various religious organizations took
up the fight and they were assisted In a
measure by certain members of the sport-
Ing fraternity, for there has been a fac
tional fight among that class in which
much bitter feeling has been manifested.
Political and other pressure was exerted
In the effort to defeat the measure and as
a compromise it was suggested that the
prohibition of prize fighting be applied to
all except a certain section or rone In
the city and that therein certain restric
tions be placed upon the sport, but this
proposition was rejected and. despite the
efforts of fight promoters, the Council
adopted the ordinance, the first section
of which is as follows:
"It shall be unlawful for any person to
hold, conduct or engage in, or to be pres
ent as a spectator at. any boxing contest
or sparring exhibition In the city of L.os
Angeles: provided, however, that nothlns
in this section contained shall be con
strued so as to apply to any prize fight
or sparring exhibition prohibited by sec
tion 412 of the Penal Code of the State of
California, or to any private boxing, with
boxing gloves weighing not less than
eight ounces each, the backs of which aro
padded with soft material."
The other sections make It unlawful
for any person to rent a building for the
purpose of holding prize fights therein and
also for any person to attend a prize fight
in any capacity. The penalty is a fine of
from $100 to $500 and imprisonment for
from 30 to 100 days. The exception of pri
vate exhibitions may make possible small
fights, but while the ordinance Is in force
there can be no public mills here.
Robert Fitzsimmons has started train
ing for his twenty-round battle with
George Gardner that will be fought in
this city the latter part of this month.
The blacksmith is conditioning himself
across the bay and is rapidly ridding him
self of superfluous flesh. He has Joe
Kennedy to work with and the two each
day engage in some hard battling. Ken
nedy acted as sparring partner for Jef
fries when the latter prepared for two
championship contests fought In this city.
Joe is used to hard knocks and is fairly
clever with his hands. Jim Casey, who
is called the "Irish giant." is also work
ing with Fitzsimmons. Bob uses Casey
for rough work on the canvas. He Is
able to throw Casey around as if he were
a small boy. The Corn'.shman's strength
Is remarkable. Fitz goes out on the road
each day and his wind is already good.
His eye Is clear and bright and he Is as
active and full of fight as in the days
when he made the best men in the coun
try acknowledge his fighting ability.
George Gardner is training in Sausallto.
He has Dave Barry to box with and uses
the hills for strengthening his legs and
Improving his wind. Gardner Is gaining
strength and is keeping to his original
weight. He possesses great confidence
and feels certain that he will relieve Fitz
simmons of the light heavy-weight cham
pionship. Gardner has Improved wonder
fully since last seen here. His victories
over clever Jack Root have made him feel
certain that he can defeat any man In
the world at his weleht.
Jimmy Britt and Charley Seiger are
working faithfully for their coming twen
ty-round bout. It will be remembered
that Britt injured his foot while prepar
ing for Seiger last month and the battle
was postponed until November 10. Britt
has recovered the use of his foot and is
doing hard work over at Croll's gardens,
Alameda. He is down to weight and ex
pects to go into the ring in perfect con
dition. Britt admits that Saiger is a
dangerous customer In the ring and he Is
leaving no stone unturned to be in the
best possible shape. Seiger proved that
he could make 133 pounds at 6 o'clock and
fight strong. This has boosted his chances
and his friends are now ready to back
him to beat Britt.
Johnnie Ritchie, one of the best feather
weights In the country, arrived In the city
yesterday, looking for a Dattle with
Frankie Neil or Abe Attell. Ritchie has
met such -good men as Yangcr, Forbes,
Oscar Gardner and others.
CHAMPION GANS
LOSES DECISION
Outpointed Prom Start
in Bout With Joe
Blackburn.
Avenge Killing of Two
of Their Rac9 in
Louisiana.
PHILADELPHIA, Nov. 2.— Joe Black
burn, «a local man, outpointed Joe Gans,
the lightweight champion, in a fast six
round bout at the Washington Sporting
Club to-night.
In the first round Gans knocked Black
burn down with a punch on the Jaw. He
was up In an instant. Blackburn had all
the better of the last five rounds. He had
Gans bleeding in the third and sixth
rounds from continual Jabbinjr on the
nose. Gans was bleeding and clinching as
the final bell rang In the sixth.
SHREVEPORT, La., Nov. 2.— Joseph
Craddock. a negro, was lynched by a
mob, composed chiefly of blacks, at Tay
lorstown, about seventeen miles from
Shreveport, last night.
Craddock killed Wesley Chambers, col
ored, with an ax and mutilated the body.
He then crept upon Daniel Washington, a
negro, and struck him on the head with
the ax. Going to the Chambers cabin, he
called Mercer, the brother of Wesley
Chambers, beat him down with the ax and
wounded him so badly that he died
to-day. Washington cannot possibly live.
Craddock was captured by a small posse
of white men, but a crowd of between 125
and 150, composed largely of negroes, took
possession of the prisoner. He was at
once hanged to a tree and then burned be
neath It after having been pronounced
dead. The men killed were Inoffensive ne
groes.
HUNDREDS KILLED BY
EARTHQUAKE IN PERSIA
Town of Turshez, With Its Scores of
Carpet Factories, Is De
molished, s
LONDON, Nov. 3.— A dispatch to the
Daily Mall from Simla says terrible
earthquakes have occurred at Turshez,
near Turbat-I-Haldarl, in Persia, in
which 350 persons were killed and num
bers were injured. One hundred and
eighty-four carpet factories were de
stroyed and only iirty-two stalls were
left standing In the great bazaar. Th*
entire town was. practically demolished.
NEW HAVEN, Conn., Nov. 2.— The de
cision of Judge Cleveland In the Probata
Court in the case of the Philo S. Bennett
will, of which W. J. Bryan Is an executor,
will be given next Friday. Among tha
decisions given will be whether the letter
of Bennett becomes a part of the will and
whether undue influence induced the tes
tator to give $30,000 to Bryan and family.
Decision in Bennett Will Case.
McLACHLAN WELL NOT
TRY TO SUCCEED BARD
LOS ANGELES, Nov. 2.— Congressman
James McLachlan of this district will not
be a candidate before the next session of
the Legislature to succeed Thomas R,
Bard in the United States Senate. The
definite and positive statement was or
dered by him before an informal meeting
of the Seventh District Republican Con
gressional Committee to-day, prior to Mc-
Lachlan's departure for Washington to
attend the extra session of Congress.
Ever since the unofficial announcement
was made that Mr. Bard would not be a
candidate to succeed himself friends of
McLachlan have been trying to boom him
for the national Senate and for a time it
was supposed that these efforts were with
the consent of the Congressman, but his
announcement removes him entirely from
the race. He stated that he will endeavor
to secure renomination and re-election to
Congress and for the present he has no
higher ambition.
Accompanied by Congressman Victor
H. Metcalf and wife, McLachlan left this
evening for Washington. Metcalf has
been here several days quietly studying
the political situation for the purpose, it
Is said, of endeavoring to ascertain how
much support he may count upon from
this section in his own candidacy for the
Senate. He refused to discuss the matter,
however, just before his departure.
The committee on automobile races to
be run at Ingleslde track next Friday
and Saturday met yesterday afternoon
and decided to enter two special races
for heavy touring cars.
Friday's special race is to be contested
by steam touring cars, and Saturday's
by gasoline touring cars.
The cars entered in each of the two
races are to carry a full complement of
passengers. Each car is to be placed
in starting position on the track, with
the crews standing on either side of their
respective cars. The passengers are not
allowed to touch their machine until the
starting shot Is fired.
The races are to be two miles in length
and will not be finished until the winning
car is in its starting position, with the
passengers on the ground around their
car.
The races will be the most Important
ever held on this coast, and several
Eastern enthusiasts, including Barney
Oldfield, are on their way here to enter
their cars. , Oldfield holds the world's
record for one mile, having covered the
distance in a thirty-flve-horsepower ma
chine in Bo 2-5 seconds.
Thirty handsome cups are to be offered
as prizes, besides a purse of $2300.
. Among the participants in the motor
cycle races will be Francis E. Carslake,
Joseph Holle, A. Sampson, Thomas White
and C. C. Hopkins. Four prizes' are to
be offered in each of the motorcycle
races. I
On Tuesday following the races, Bar
ney Oldfield intends making an attempt
to break the world's record for fifteen
miles on a straight course. He brings
three machines with him, two racers and
one touring car.
Britt and Seiger Rounding
Into Shape for Their
Ccming Battle.
Many Eastern Automobilists
Are Here and Will
Participate.
Ordinance Fassed Makes It
Unlawful to Have
Public Mills.
f
Big Machines to Com
pete at Ingleside
Saturday.
Prize Fighting Is Now
Prohibited in Los
Angeles.
Preparing for His Bout
With Geo; Gardner
This Month.
EAST CARS WILL
ENTER CONTEST
FITZSIMMONS
TRAINING HARD
COUNCIL BARS
THE PUGILISTS
Fund of $300,000 Raised for the Purpose of
Bribing Commissioner Greene *o Overlook
Violations of the Law Fails of Desired Result
GOTHAM GAMBLERS DISCOVER
AN HONEST POLICE OFFICIAL
HORSES SHIPPED
TO CALIFORNIA
HORSE'S STUMBLE
INJURES JOCKEY
Trisco Turns a Somer
sault While Racing
at Latonia.
Six Carloads Leave the
Worth Track for
San Francisco.
Rider of Stesplechaser Is Cer
ried Frcm Field With
Broken Hip.
Large Number of Turfmen
Also Start for the
Gclden Gate.
CINCINNATI. Ohio. Nov. 2.-In the
storj>!echa5e 'at Latonia to-day Trisco
turned a complete pumersault at the last
jump, breaking Jockey Wilson's hip. Re
sults:
First race, six furlong* — The GolcJfinder
won. Fair Lady Anna secend. Firft Attempt
third. Time, 1:15»».
Second raco. eix furlor.g:? — Oudon won.
r*rf-akn<?s* second, Barney Dreyfus third. Time.
l:17M-
Third race, one mile — Silk Cord won. Chick
adee ccond. ' Flatneur third. Tiir.e. 1:45.
Fourth race, handicap. steeplechase, short
course — Berge won Mr. Rose eecor.d. Trisco
third. Time, 3:07»,;.
Fifth race, five furlongs— Morning Star wen.
Vk'oodlawn Belle eecond Ruth Parrish third.
Time. 1:10.
Sixth race one and an eighth miks — Baffled
won Lut'.n second Melbourne Eclipse third.
Time, l.tSU.
NEW YORK. Nov. 2. — Aqueduct results:
First race, six furlongs — m-velile won, Mor
<J«lla second. Ancestor third. Time. 1:13 3-A.
Second race, peven furlongs, handicap — Gir
dle wen. Early Eve second Sabot third. Time,
1 :20 3-3.
Third race, cr.e mile, tuning — Namtor won.
Forward second. Our Nugget third. Time.
1:40 3-R.
Fourth race. Ffven furlongs, the Woodmere
— Bwcel Alice won. Irene Lindyay eeoond, Fu
turlta third. Time. 1:27.
Fifth rare, five furlongs — Lady Amelia von,
Mineola sicond. For Luck third. Time,
1 :00 3-5.
Sixth race, handicap, cne mile — Hello won,
li'.yria second. Lorii UadgM third. Time. 1:40.
Fp«"cial Dispatch to The Call,
CHICAGO. Nov. 2.-Six carloads of
horses ieft the Worth track to-day for
San Francisco, where they will be raced
during the winter. Two pa-scnger cars
also left to-night over the Northwestern.
« £. Party were Richard Dwyer and
Mrs. Dwyer, Mr. and Mrs. J. F. Schorr
and sister, John Coleman and Mrs. Cole
!"?"; F - w - George and Mrs. George,
vvilliam Applegate and Mrs. Applegate,
S. G. Morton and Mrs. Morton Sidney
Bender and Mrs. Bender, Harold Koning
berger. R. Mcnihan. Arthur McKnight
and V. illiam Webber (both assistant start
ers). Jockeys H. Hall and Ferfell, B.
Cowln. John Ownsbey. H. J. McRace.
Thomas Walters. J. J. Shannon. F. C.
Mosher, N. Narvaez.
The horses which have left belong to
the stables of John F. Schorr and William
Carr. D. S. Fountain and D. S. Bender, S.
G. Morton and F. C. Mosher. J. F. New
man and McLemore, E. J. Smith and J.
Ownsby.
The stables of Boots and Hollenbach.
T. H. Ryan and James McAllister will
leave to-mcrrow night. Later on the
stables of C. A. Johns%i, Joe Yeager, E.
J. Stutte and F. R. Lauterman will be
shipped.
Amateur Bouts at West Oakland.
OAKLAND, Nov. 2.— The next monthly
boxing night of the West Oakland Ath
letic Club will be held to-morrow night
in the club pymnasium at the corner of
Goss and Wood streets. The sprcial in
ternational evert between Musa Bryan of
Africa and Frank Nakasma of Japan is
attracting considerable attention and the
bout should be a hot one, as both prin
cipals are determined to win. The other
events are: Jack Adarr.s vs. Kid Psrkor;
John de Ponto vs. Loren Brown: Kid Jor
dan vs. Willie Haley; Kid Martin vs. Dan
Coakley, and Young Ganley vs. Jim
Oliver.
CHICAGO NEGRO MURDERS
A SUSPECTED INFORMER
Shoots and Kills Colored Man Sup
posed to Have Caused Gam
bling-House Raid.
CHICAGO. Nov. 2.— Suspected cf giving
information of "graft" to the Council
committee. Thomas Hawkins, a negro,
was shot and mortally wounded last night
by "Mose" Love, also colored. Hawkins
last Friday night assaulted John John
son, commonly called "Mush Mouth," In
front of the Iattcr's saloon on State
ftreet. A gambling-house in wfcich John
son is said to be interested was raided
Saturday night by the police. Edward
Martin, the keeper, and twenty-six in
mates were locked up.
Before the last of those arrested had
been released on bonds the news was
spread through the favee that "Tom
Hawkins was responslble\for the raid."
In court when Hawkins was arraigned for
assaulting Johnson the former made
threats of "telling: a few things' if the
prosecution was not dropped.
Last night Hawkins encountered
"Mose" Love, an employe of John John
son, on the sidewalk near the latter's
saloon. Without any words, it is said,
Love drew a revolver and began shooting.
Two bullets struck Hawkins, one entering
the abdomen, causing a mortal wound, the
other taking effect in his right arm. Love
was arrested.
MONTANA UNION LABOR
MEN TO VISIT HOOSEVELT
BUTTE. Mont., No\'. 2.— The following
message was received by Malcolm Giilis
from William Loeb Jr..secretary to Presi
dent Roosevelt:
"Please wire me names of the gentle
men who v.-JIl accompany vou here, and
as soon a? you can. tell me what date
vou select."
While visiting Butte on his tour of the
W est President Roosevelt extended an in
vitation to members of organized labor to
v.sit him at Washington some time this
X3J1.
NEW YORK, Nov. 2.— Rev. Dr.
Robert L. Paddock, rector of the
Church of the Holy Angels, de
clared yesterday that a high city
official recently refused a $300,000
bribe to permit gambling until January 1.
In addressing his congregation he said:
"I know that a high official of the pres
ent administration has within three weeks
refused an offer o£ $300,000 if he would al
low the gambling syndicate to quietly re
sume business until January 1- The offer
was deliberately and openly made by a
man who had always been known as a
representative of the syndicate. He as
sured the official that nothing would be
done openly."
Afterward the minister declared he was
not at liberty to go further into the de
tails of the offer. "The offer was not
made in the presence of witnesses," he
explained. "I do not know that anything
could be done."
• "Was the high official General Greene?"
he was asked.
"Of course ,1 can say nothing further,"
was tho answer. (
Police Commissioner Greene admitted
to-day that an agent of a pool room syn
dicate had made an offer to his deputy
commissioner, Piper, of $300,000 to allow,
the pool rooms of the city to run quietly
until January 1. The Commissioner said
that not only had the offer been turned
MARINERS FEAR
TERRIFIC STORM
Fails to Secure "Tower House."
REDDING. Nov. 2.-Dr. John A.' Nor
dIn of Sa " Francisco arrived here to
day and after securing an officer of the
law went to the Tower Hous?, a famous
resort recently deeded to Nordin by Mrs
Jerome S. Childs. to attempt to "secure
possession. Childs. a mining man. with
y?' CCS rlls " Franclsco - against whom
Mrs. Childs makes serious allocations In
a suit for divorce recently filed refused
¦1° 5 iV ? VP th *" P r °r )ert ?-- He claims the
deed from Mrs. Chiids to Dr. Xordin is
invalid because it does not contain his
signature, although confessing he deeded
the historic place to his wife for a con
sideration of love and affection when they
were living together. Dr. Nordin returned
to Reddingr this evening after a fruitless
errand. He will bring a suit in eject
.m«nt.
Vessels Detained at
Oregon and Wash- .
ington Ports.
ILLINOIS GRAND JURY
* INDICTS LYNCHING PARTY
Issues Warrants for Arrest of the
Murderers of Negro School
teacher.
BELLEVILLE, 111., Nov. 2.— The St.
Clair County grand jury adjourned this
afternoon after a long and busy session,
returning eleven secret indictments
against persons believed by the grand
jury to have participated in the lynch
ing- of the negro school teacher, David
Wyatt. last June. Wyatt had shot and
seriously wounded County Superinten
dent of Schools Kertel shortly before be
cause the latter refused to grant a re
newal of Wyatt's certificate as a teacher.
The names of the persons indicted will
be withheld until the capiases are served.
During its deliberations the grand jury
examined seventy-nine witnesses in con
nection with the Wyatt lynching.
Poolroom Interests Defeated.
NEW YORK. Nov. 2,-Magistrate Tighe
lo-day dismissed the complaint against
Special Policeman Robert G. Buttle,
« hich is considered a victory for the race
track men against the poolroom intere'sts.
Poolroom proprietors, in an effort to have
betting suppressed at the race tracks had
buttle arrested, alleging that he neglected
his duty in allowing Bookmaker Sol
Lichtenstein to make a book on the track
The magistrate held that Lichtenstein
¦was not trig-aged In acts punishable by
law. *
HEIR TO AN ESTATE
ESCAPES FROM A JAIL
Portland Thief Makes an Early
Exit to Get Share of
Estate.
PORTLAND. Ore.. Nov. 2.— Robert
Greenwald, an inmate of the County Jail,
who recently fell heir to a large estate
In Pennsylvania, of which his share Is
said to be $230,000, has made his escape
from the Jail and no trace of him can be
found.
Greenwald was convicted of stealing '
two cases of cartridges from a local de
partment store and sentenced to servo
six months' imprisonment. The young
man was made a trusty at the jail and
though he had but one more month of his
sentence to serve took advantage of his
position as trusty and made his escape.
Coursing at Oklahoma.
OKLAHOMA CITY, O. T.. Xov. 2—The
Fteond day of the American coursing meet
was devoted to thirty-four courses for
the Waterloo cup, the first event for the
\\aterloo purse and the first course for
the "Waterloo plate. The eipht dogs lead
ing for the cup are: Texas Hoo Hoo.
*ours Truly, Sir Magic. Roj-u'rh Eves
Rubber Ankles. Cloudburst. Honey Grove
Girt and Lord Brazen. All Waterloo races
vi 511 be concluded on Wednesdav
PORTLAND, Or., Nov. 2.— The steamer
Alliance, which sailed from this city for
San Francisco over a week ago, is de
tained at Marshfleld, being unable to go
to sea on account of the storm which has
been raging along the coast for several
days. A message received from the cap
tain of the Alliance states that the storm
is increasing in violence.
The steamer Navarro, from San Fran
cisco for this port, is also stormbound at
Marshfield and will be several days late
in arriving here.
The storm has been a general one along
the Washington and Oregon coasts, and,
while no serious disasters are reported,
several minor casualties have occurred.
The storm was particularly severe off the
mouth of the Columbia River and nearly
a dozen vessels are detained at Astoria,
the pilots being unwilling to take them
to sea under the present unfavorable con
ditions.
Government Lands Withdrawn.
WASHINGTON. Nov. 2. — The General
Land Office Las withdrawn from settle
ment four townships in the Watcrville,
Wash., land district and twelve townships
in the Spokane. Wash., district, both for
extension of irrigation work. Orders also
have been Issued for the withdrawal of
S3,8OO acres of unsurveyed land in the
Helena, Mont., district for the proposed
Castle Mountain forest reserve. The
tract embraced townships 8 and 9 north;
ranges 7 to 10, inclusive, east.
WASHINGTON. Nov. 2.-It is intimated
at the State Department to-day that it
might be a long time before United States
Minister, Bcaupre returned to Panama,
once he departs on his leave of absence.
The inference is that the Minister will
stay away as a sign of disapproval by
our Government of the manner in which
the canal treaty was disposed of. A. G.
Snyder, Secretary of the Legation, will
remain at Bogota.
Colombia to Be Snubbed.
Wheat Rates Are Not Raised.
TACOMA. Wash.. Nov. 2.-Representa
tives of ocean steamship lines running
from Tacoma and other ports of Pueet
Sound to the Orient state there is no ad
vance in rates on wheat and flour from
Pugct Sound ports to the Orient. The
rates remain at ;3 per ton for Hour and
54 per ton for wheat and these rates are
likely to continue for sixty davs
Boss Buef is behind ScJimJtz. Bois
Kelly Is behind l,ane. Crocker has no
boss. He is th« candidate of the
people.
Golf Champion of Germany.
BERLIN. Nov. 2.-Dr. George O. Web
ster, an American, has won the golf
championship of Germany from H H
Dobbs. an Englishman, on the Uventv-flrst
green.
BIG DREDGER CHINOOK
REACHES THE COLUMBIA
Former Transport Grant to Begin
"Work on the Bar at
Once. • '
ASTORIA. Or., Nov. 2.— The ocean dredger'
Chinook, formerly the transport Grant,
arrived oft the mouth of the Columbia
River this afternoon and took a pilot on
board. The Chinook will ba brought in
side to-morrow. It is understood ; here
that she will -at once commence on the
work of dredging out the channel over
the Columbia River bar.
The tug Samson, towing the coal-laden
barge Washtucna from Ladysmith, B. C,
to Portland, arrived at Astoria this after
noon. A severe storm was encountered
off Cape Flattery and one hundred tons
of the barge's deck load of coal was
washed overboard. •'¦ ¦ '¦ ¦ > < •• .«
Close Call for Crowded*Train.
NEW YORK. Nov. 2.— A great fatality
was narrowly averted to-day when. an en
gine Jumped the track on the approach
to the Second-avenue bridge over the
Harlem River and crashed into the
crowded rear car of an elevated train, de
railing it and all but pushing ii from the
bridge to .th«? surface, fifty feet below.
Among the 400 passengers on the train
there was a slight panic. Several women
fainted and all the other passengers made
a wild rush for the doors of the. car, -but
cool work by the guards prevented' any
injury to passengers in. the rush." ;
Elwood Cooper a Federal Officer.
SACRAMENTO, Nov. 2.— James Wilson,
Secretary of Agriculture, has appointed
Elwood Cooper, under date of October 16,
a special agent of the Bureau of Chem
istry, to act under the law of March- 3,
1903, to investigate ' the character. o£: im
ported foods; also to . act under the law
of July. 1, 1902, relative to mlsbranded
goods passing from one State to another.
Steamship Manchuria Launched.
PHILADELPHIA, Nov. 2.— The j Pacific
Mail steamship Manchuria, which; stuck
on the ways Saturday, was successfully
launched to-day at the yards of' the -Now
York Shipbuilding Company. Camden. '-,
THE SAN FKANCISCO CALL; ' TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 3, 1903.
10
ADVERTISEMENTS.
The best known and most popular blood purifier
(6rn||P^2[Kr^ and tonic on the market to-day is S. S. S.
,\iv5^^ °vs) There is hardly a man, woman or child in America who
has not heard of **Sm S. S* for tho blood." It is a standard remedy,
a specific for all blood troubles and unequalled as a general tonic and
appetizer. S. S. S. is guaranteed purely vegetable, the herbs and roots
of which it is composed are selected for their alterative and tonic prop-
erties, making it the ideal remedy for
all blood and skin diseases, as it not FBOM
only purifies, enriches and invigor- congressman uvingstow, -,
ates the blood, but at the same time i v -OF GEOKGIA.
tones up the tired saves and gives B> **£ ff^^fJSITItiftffS^S
Strength and vigor to the entire blood remedy on the market,
system.
For Chronic Sores and Ulcers, from
Catarrh, Rheumatism, Blood Poison, E3C-GOV. AT.T.KN D. CANDLer.
Malaria, Anaemia, Scrofula, Eczema, - -JgvS-Br** «w*f»tioa»bXy a »ood
Psoriasis, Salt Rheum, Tetter, Acne Jve^uEd?* 0 *' and tho bMt t<ml0 x
and such other diseases as are due to a
polluted or impoverished condition of the blood, nothing acts so promptly
and effectually as S. S. S. It counteracts and eradicates the germs
and poisons; cleanses the system of all unhealthy accumulations and
soon restores the patient to health. Write us and our physicians will
give your case prompt attention without charge.
THE SWIFT SPECIFIC CO., ATLANTA, CAa &
ADVERTISEMENTS.
FIVE CENTS
BEST SMOKE ON EARTH
ON SALE EVERYWHERECHINA'S ACTUAL RULER AND
THJ3 GOVERNOR GENERAL
OF 1 CHILI PROVINCE.
TOPEKA. Kana., Nov. 2.— The Union Pacific
officials to-day announce the promotion of J.
H. Brinkerhoff oft;Leavenworth to the position
of assistant superintendent, - with headquarters
la Denver. .. . . . ......
YOKOHAMA, Nov. 2.— It is officially
reported to Tokio from Wlju, via Seoul,
that the Russians are withdrawing from
Yongampho, on the Yalu River, and dis-
Dismantling Their Fortress at Yon
gampho on the Yalu.
RUSSIANS ARE WITHDRAWING.
Republicans} should vote early, and
every honorable effort should be made
by Republicans to torinff their registered
neighbors to tSe polls. >
Harriman Officials Confer.
SALT LAKE, Nov. 2.— Traffic and ope
rating officials of the Harrlman roads,
representing the Southern Pacific, Union
Pacific, Oregon Short Line, Oregon Rail
road and Navigation Company and the
Chicago and Northwestern systems, met
here to-day. It is expected the meeting
will continue for two days. The' principal
business to come before the officials, It is
stated, Is the arranging of new time
schedules on the different systems.
The offer of the S. F. Gas and Fuel Co.
to close out their shop-worn gas ranges
at reduced prices has packed their office
for the past week. The sale will end
this week and those who Intend purchas
ing a gas range should' avail themselves
of this opportunity at their show rooms,
415 Post street >'•-*.
SHANGHAI. Nov. 2.— The leading na
tive journals'of Peking assert that Chang
Chi Tung, director of commerce, and
Yuan-Ski-Kai, Governor General of Chili
province, in their audience with the Dow
ager Empress to-day 'strongly urged the
throne to throw in its lot with Japan and
overthrow Russian aggression.
PEKING, Nov. 2.— A conference of high
officials with the Dowager Empress con
cerning the reoccupatlon of the Moukden
by Russian troops was held at the sum
mer oalace to-day. Yuan'Skl Kai, Gov
ernor General of Chili province, was sum
moned hastily from Tientsin and proceed
ed directly to the palace.
The Russians have the Tartar general
of the Moukden province in custody in
his yamen.
Calls Conference to Consider Russian
Aggressions in Manchuria.
DOWAGER EMPRESS ACTS.
Knock Down the Cashier and Escape
With Five Thousand
Dollars. ,
NASHVILLE, Tenn., Nov. 2— Melville
E. Wheeler, assistant cashier of the Cum
berland Telephone Company, was at
tacked in his office this morning and the
company's safe robbed of fcKKK). Wheeler
is not seriously injured. , Two persons
have been arrested on suspicion.
Wheeler was getting the motley out of
the safe for the purpose of making his
monthly payment, when two men. heavily
armed, entered. As Wheeler tried to give
the alarm he was struck upon the head
with a club and stunned. The men then
rifled the safe and fled.
ROBBERS RAID OFFICE
OF TELEPHONE COMPANY
ST. JOHNS., N. F.. Nov. 2.— James Cal
der, a lumberman from RIgolet, Labra
dor, the last white man to see Leonidas
Hubbard Jr. e of New York, assistant edi
tor of Outing and head of the Labrador
exploring expedition, arrived to-day. Cal
der expressed grave doubts as to the
safety of' thg Hubbard party, which was
attempting Vhat he considers an impos
sible trip. \l Calder tried to dissuade
Hubbard fro'm venturing inlan-d, but he
persisted, ai^d, as already told in these
dispatches, gave away nearly all his food
before starting on the plea that he could
not advance fast enough while burdened
with stores. ''"His intention was to pro
ceed north toward Ungava Bay, but, if
possible, his 1 alternative, was to travel to
the southwest, hoping to break out on
the Gulf of SV. Lawrence.
It was the purpose of Hubbard to sub
sist on what "Ke killed with the rifle, but
Calder, who Had previously traveled 150
miles inland through the forest, advised
his taking a "shotgun, which would en
able him to KOI small game. y
Calder belloves that the only chance
for Hubbard .-fnd. his two companions is
that a party of Nauscopee Indians, fol
lowing the' sanpe ro'ute six weeks later on
a- trapping expedition, may come up with
Lumberman From Labrador Brings
News of the Daring Ex
plorer.
FEARS FOR THE SAFETY
jDF HUBBARD'S PARTY
LONDON. Nov. 2.— Cabling from Chefu
the correspondent of the Morning Post
pays the majority of Russian warships in
Chinese waters are between Talienwan
and Hayangtao. Three Chinese cruisers
left Chefu yesterday, the correspondent
says, for the mouth of the Yalu River.
This constitutes an infringement of Kor
ean rights.
The St. Petersburg correspondent of the
Daily Mail says he learns that the Rus
sian Government does not expect war
with Japan in any event before next
spring, even should the negotiations fall.
The correspondent at Shanghai of the
Daily Telegraph says he has learned from
a reliable source in Tokio that, although
the negotiations between Russia and
Japan continue Japan is inflexible and a
conflict, sooner or later, is regarded as in
evitable.
Infringe on Korean Rights by Pro
ceeding to the Yalu.
CHINESE CRUISERS MOVE.
WASHINGTON. Nov. ».— Secretary shaw
has given notice that on February 2. utti4
inurf-st will e*&*f oo such cf the 5 pi r e*nt
bonds of 1904 as may be outi-tan^lng on th-t
<iate. The rf<1emi>tion of tht*e t>r>nils will con
tinue with interest until maturity.
NEW YORK, Nov. 2.— Marie Layton,
who pleaded guilty to two Indictments of
larceny from the local office of the United
States Playing Card Company of Cincin
nati, was to-day given an indeterminate
sentence of not more than five years and
not less than one year in the State prison
at Auburn. She fainted when sentenced.
The total loss to the company Is said to
have been in the neighborhood of $35,000.
Marie Lay ton Sentenced.
PARIS, Nov. 2.— The Figaro this morn
ing says it has reason to believe that Pre
mit-r Combes has determined to retire
from office, but. being unwilling to com
promise ihe passage cf the budget, he will
not do so before the Christmas holidays
unless compelled by the adverse vote of
the majority.
Premier Combes May Resign.
If you want to make sure that your
ballot shall lie counted for Henry J.
Crocker, stamp an X Inside the circle at
the head of the Republican column on
the ballot.
GRASS VALLEY. Nov. 2.— The Grass
Valley Miners' Union has just donated
$500 to assist the Cripple Creek strikers.
The latter wrote to the local union ask
ing for aid. The local organization called
a special meeting and when the matter
was put to a vote not a dissenting voice
was heard.
Grass Valley Miners Donate'.
ST. LOUIS, Mo., Nov. 2.— The trouble
between the Steam Fitters" and Plumbcis*
unions over the piping of the cascade tt
the World's Fair grounds, which threat
ened to culminate In a general strike at
noon to-day, was settled this forenoon.
Director of Works Taylor said that mat
ters had been adjusted and work was pro
ceeding in regular order, but he did not
state the conditions of settlement.
Strike Averted at St. Louis.
NEW YORK. Nov. 2.— The trial of Tim
othy McCarthy, business agent of the
Housesmiths' and Bridge Men's Union,
who was indicted with his fellow dele
gate, Sam Parks, on a charge of extor
tion, will begin to-morrow, and that of
Richard Carvel, business agent of the
Derrickmen's, Holsters' and Riggers'
Union, who has been lfidicted for extor
tion, will follow that of McCarthy.
McCarthy's Trial Begins To-Day.
MONTREAL. Nov. 2— Le Combat pub
liahes an editorial in favor of the annexa
tion of Canada to the United States. The
paper points out that independence is Im-
I-osj-ible for Canada and that annexation
is the only alternative. It Is argued that
eacb province of the dominion should be
represented by two Senators and that if
this were giwn Canada its interests would
be quite safe.
¦ ? ¦ —
"President Roosevelt, to whom the peo
ple of Cuba feel such profound gratitude,
has been faithful to his word and has con
vened the American Congress in special
session for the purpose or taking action
on the pending reciprocity treaty, from
which we hope to realize such great bene
fits. Trustworthy information has been
received by. the executive which warrants
the belief 'that this treaty will be rati
fied." fi
"Our political relations with the United
States have been definitely settled by
treaties founded on the terms of the con
stitutional appendix, and the latter could
not be eliminated from the constitution
by the mere reading of these treaties.
Congress- can appreciate that within the
precise terms of the Platt amendment
Cuba has obtained no few advantages. On
the two forms of cession of naval coaling
stations, by sale or by lease, the one least
harmful tb Cuban sentiment was adopted
and the smallest limit as to the number
of stations granted was made. The regu
lations in 'the leases contain other limita
tions favorable to Cuba. The Government
is acquiring territory within the stations
and will formally deliver the area3 marked
out. "O-
HAVANA. Nov. 2.— The regular session
of Congress opened this arternoon. Re
ferring to the relations between Cuba and
the United States President Palma's mes
sage sayr:
President Palma Refers to Island's
Pleasant Relations With
F Washington.
CUBAN CONGRESS BEGINS
ITS REGULAR SESSION
TOPEKA, Kan., Nov. 2.— Announcement
was made to-day to the Rock Island te
legraphers that, effective November 1,
they would be allowed an increase of
from 10 to 15 per cent in salaries. The
telegraphers' demand for a strict nine
hour day for all classes is granted, and
the men who have been working ten or
eleven hours a day on night shifts will be
relieved of part of their work. The in
crease In pay is understood to apply to
all parts of the line west of the Missouri.
Telegraphers Granted Increase.
ROME, Nov. 2.— Count Ludovico Peccl,
head of the Pecci family, to which the
late Pope Leo XIII belonged, has the in
tention of sending to the St. Louis Ex
position mementoes of Pope Leo. The
exhibition will comprise a selection .from
the manuscripts of the Pontiff, from his
schoolboy days a flintlock musket which
he used in his youth when- a sportsman,
the first hat which he wore as Pope, a
breviary which he used for years, his
cane, the red umbrella which he carried
in the Vatican gardens, garments of his
ancesto'rs, etc.
Count Ludovico Pecci, Relative of
Late Pontiff, Is Preparing
a Collection.
MEMENTOES OF LEO XIII
TO BE SENT TO ST. LOUIS
Trust Company Is Organized in
Switzerland by Large Finan
cial Concerns.
BERLIN, Nov. 2— A special dispatch to
the Tagleblatt from Basle, Switzerland,
says that a trust company for the^ hand
ling of American railroad securities has
been organized, the following firms par
ticipating: Speyer. Ehringer, Paravincini
and Saracin and the following Berne
banks: Macurd. Nuenberger. Eerthoud
and Pury. The capital Is $l,000,i»3 and
H*fi0Q.O09 in bonds will be Issued
NEW YORK Nov. 2.-Kuhn. Loeb & \
Co. of this city have been requested to '
act in an advisory capacity to the trust I
rwnpatiy recently formed in Switzerland i
to deal in American securities. Beyond |
the fact that the company has for Its !
principal object, the purchase and sale of !
American railway stocks and bonds Kuhn. !
Loeb & Co. had no information concern
ing it.
WILL HANDLE AMERICAN
SECURITIES IN EUROPE
LONDON. -Nov. 3.— The Tokio
spondent of the Daily Mail reports a se
rious affray at Chemulpo, Korea, between
Russian blue jackets belonging to the
gunboat Bohr and Japanese blue Jackets
belonging to the cruiser Chiyoda and a'
number of Japanese residents of Che
mulpo. • Ten Japanese and several Rus
sians were injured.
mantling the fortress there, leaving only
a small guard.
The reoccupatlon of Moukden by the
Russians is officially confirmed at To
klo, where It has created great consterna
tion. Eighteen warships, representing va
rious nations, arc now gathered at Yoko
hama in anticipation of the anniversary
of the Japanese Emperor's birth, which
will be' celebrated td-morrow.
Russians and Japanese Clash.
Mr. Kruger is described as being con
stantly occupied in reading the Bible, as
desiring Isolation and as maintaining a
dignified bearing. He is calmly resigned
to the events in South Africa.
The Patrie asserts that an unwritten
chapter of the war will appear later, dis
closing the fact that the Boers relied on
the promises of Germany, but that Great
Britain succeeded in gaining German
neutrality. It will also be shown, the
Patrie adds, that the Boers had planned
to cripple British commerce by the fitting
out of privateers, "which Mr. Kruger pre
vented, not wishing to have resort to
such a supreme remedy."
MENTONE, France, Nov. 2.— Paul
Kruger, -th« former President of the
Transvaal republic, replying to-day to the
gift of a statue from subscribers to the
Patrie, said:
I do not despair. A man of my age has no
further .earthly expectations, but I have con
fidence In the justice of God. Tha younger
generation will witness the triumphs of this
Jubilee and will see the realization of our ex
perience and patience. Thank you for all you
have done for the cause cf the Boers and thank
you for not forgetting me in my exile and
ffritf.
Former President of Transvaal Is
Presented With' a Statue
at Mentone.
KRUGER SAID TO HAVE
SPARED BRITISH COMMERCE
Immediately after his visit to the State
Department Sir Ldang cabled to Peking
the answer of Secretary Hay to China's
appeal for assistance. The Peking au
thorities are aware by this time that un
til the ratification of. the American-Chi
nese treaty, which was signed on October
8. pledging to the world the opening of
Moukden and Antung, it will be impos
sible for this Government. In view of its
traditional policy of steering clear of for
eign alliances, to protest against Russia's
continued occupation of Manchuria. It
has been pointed out to China that, al
though the sympathy of the United States
is hers, the time for American interfer
ence has not yet come. It is expected
that the commercial treaty, which should
arrive in Washington this week, will be
ratified at the extra session of Congress,
when the United States will be prepared
to insist on a strict regard of her treaty
rights throughout China. The Peking
Government has been told that infringe
ment by Russia of American treaty rights
in Manchuria will give the Washington
Government an opportunity for at least
an expression of its desire for the preser
vation of the integrity of China.
Japan, it was learned to-night, has in
stituted an investigation regarding the
extent and character of Russia's reoccu
pation of Moukden. Takahira. the Jap
anese Minister, when asked to-night
whether Russia and Japan contemplated
an understanding by which th«? oae would
obtain a free hand in Manchuria and' the
other important concessions in Korea, re
plied by calling attention to a recent of
ficial announcement from Tokio that the
negotiations at the Japanese capital be
tween Russian and Japanese officials
were, as far as Japan is concerned,
strictly in accord with the Anglo-Japanese
alliance. Takahira has not been advised
of any appeal from Russia to Japan, and
said to-night that his conference with
Secretary Hay to-day concerned another
matter.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 2.— Sir
Chentung Liang Cheng, the
Chinese Minister here, acting
under instructions from his
Government at Peking, has
been particularly active recently in the
effort to interest the United States Gov
ernment in China's behalf in her Man
churlan troubles. He was at the State
Department in pursuance of that object,
the direct purpose being to see if any way
can be found by which the United States
Government may be able to, serve China
In this emergency.
It appears, however, that Secretary Hay
has not been enabled to hit upon any plan
of action that would promise to serve
China in this manner. There Is no ques
tion that the events reported as having
occurred at Moukden, including the re
occupatlon of that town, are not looked
upon with friendly eyes by the officials
here, but so long as the United States
Government secures and retains trade in
Mancnuria it will not be drawn into_»he
political complications of the present situ
ation.
LIVERPOOL. N,v. 2 -Mrs. Dowl-. wife
of John Alexander Dowie, the ZIon!rt
loader; their son, Gladstone L>owie; a
lady's maid and a colored vale* arrive. I
here to-dav from Boston on the steamer
f mania and were besieged by ».;t>-irt-'rs.
Mm. liowie emphatically denied that she
hio Dowte'a treasure e-hest wltr her, or
that she intended to start a mbulon in
!-• Ddoo. and confirmed the repor;s that
s'lt would ultimately proceed to Austra
lia, where Dowie would join her ani con
c'r.a a groat nisrion. Gladstone T'owle
v:.s very bitter In his dv'nunciaii-jii uf the
Ar.ierican aewBpapcra.
NEW YORK. Nov. 2. -Wlth<>i i parade
or demonstration, more than 2000 members
• if John Alexander Dowie's "Zlun Hosi'"
left the city for horn.? to-day. Only about
100 of Dowic'B fcllowers are lc:t i'i New
V^rk.
Former Ccnflims the Report That
"Elijah" Is Soon to Go to
Australia.
DC\7IE"S "WIFE AND SON
ARRIVE AT LIVERPOOL
Superintendent Greene says the disturb
ance-was the greatest since 1875. He and
Dildine conducted some interesting ex
periments and accurately measured the
atmospheric intensity. ,
•The greatest pressure measured at any
one time was 300 volts. This was the
maximum register of the voltmeter used.
There is no telling how much more pres
sure would have been registered had the
voltmeter t>een constructed to record a
higher figure.
The greatest range shown was 370 de
grees, swinging from negative to positive
polarity. These results are considered re
markable.'by electrical ; experts.
"We found," said Greene to-day, "that
the electricity from the overcharged at
mosphere, registered from twenty-three
millimeters positive back to the same fig
ure negative. The wire leading to Dickin
son, N. D., was cleared of all battery and
other artificial currents and subjected to
atmospheric tests. This line, was 560 miles
long and was successfully' operated at
numerous times by using only the elec
tricity which descended from the skies."
ST. PAUL, Minn., Nov. 2.— O. C. Greene,
superintendent of the Northern Pacific
telegraph system, and Assistant Superin
tendent Dildine of the same department,
on Saturday afternoon performed the
novel feat of telegraphing 560 miles with
out the aid of batteries. Electricity was
taken from the atmosphere during: the
great electrical disturbance, which lasted
twenty hours.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
The Bulgarian' agent lurthcr declares
that tradu with Bulgaria has absolutely
<»ased and idds that th» EuroD^nn tanks
have stopped theVredit or the Bulgarian
hanks, which In turn have stop;j#'l ih-?
cr. ,;:t nf the Bulgarian people.
• This rcBBomfc crisis. ' the d?e:u con
t::iues. "will be c hundredfold wursa
rx xt year, and in Itself must proroko
war."
M. Tzokoff, the new Bulgarian diplo
matic acent, who has just arrived hvre.
regards war between Turkey and Bulga
ria as being practically inevitable in ihe
coming spring, in an outspoken Interview
he declares there is not the BUgbtfSt real
Improvement In the situation it: Mace*
d<.n:a; that the Austro-Russian reform
wheme is futile and that by the strain en
the priiicipa;:t> 's resources, aris'na: from
i».« neoes«in of supporting 160,«»"O rofu
rees. Bulgaria will be forced to have te
conrse to war.
LONDON. Nov. 2.-The Sofia corro-
Fpon<1> nt of the Times *>ays the A».-tr!an
and Russwo Kmbassadors at Cons&mtl-
Bopk h*v« ;>rrf*-nted to the Porie two iiH
diti r.ci clauses to their plans for Mace
donian rtiurm. The first clause revirws
ihe r!g!.t to increase the personnel «if
Austrian an! Russian consular rstaolish
men!.« !n Macedonia, while the second re-
Krvea the right to demand plenary am
r.erty for Ir«urger.ts not guilty of »np,ial
crimrs.
ST. LOUIS, Nov.. 2.— The strike begun
by the messengers of the Pacific Express
Company on October 15 for a 10 per cent
increase in wages, which resulted In a
general walkout of the employes here and
in other parts of the country, was to-day
officially declared oft by President Modle
of the Brotherhood of Railroad Express
men. President Modle issued an order
calling off the strike and advising the
strikers to act as they see best in return
ing to work. The strikers are returning
to work.
Expressmen's Strike Called Off.
PHILADELPHIA, Nov. 2.— Realizing
that a further curtailment of their proS
uct is necessary to restore the pig iron
market to its normal condition; represent
atives of nearly ai! the big pig Iron pro
ducers in the Eastern district held a
meeting here to-day and adopted a reso
lution to continue the same ratio of re
duction for November as during October.
This means that all the merchant blast
furnaces in Eastern ana Southern New
York, Eastern Pennsylvania, New Jersey.
Delaware an<? Maryland will reduce their
output for the current month at least 20
per cent.
Plants Will Limit Output.
SAN JUAN. Porto Rico. Nov. 2.— The
I'nlted States Treasury inspectors, now
at Ponce and Mayaguez. will sail for
home November K and report to Secre
tary Shaw the results of the investiga
tions. The Federal Court continues to
ignore the Indictments against Captain
Andrew Dunlap. commandant of the na
val station here, and Robert Giles,
former contractor In Porto Rico, for
smuggling. The Spanish press is attack
ing Collector of Customs Alonzo Cruzen,
against whom the federal grand Jury on
October 19 found an Indictment for hav
ing received unlawful emoluments .of
Bmupgled goods, and is demanding his
resignation.
Spanish Press Attacks Cruzen.
PITTSBURG, Nov. 2.— After an Idleness
of six weeks, about 2000 men resumed
regular work in the McKeesport district
to-day. At the Deweese Wood plant of
the American Sheet Steel Company, where
some of the departments had been ope
rating on part time, the full complement
of day and night men were given regular
employment. At the plant of the Pitts
burg Steel Hoop Company, Glassport,
where several departments had been idle,
300 men were given regular employment.
Full time was resumed at the Demmler
tin plant and all departments were again
in operation.
In the Hraddock district the five big
foundries connected with the eleven fur
naces and steel rail mills of the Edgar
Thompson plant of the Carnegie Steel
Company, including the roll foundry,
castliig. brass and mold factories, also
resumed operations In full, after a sus
pension of several days.
At Le.chburg the mills of the American
Sheet Steel Company will resume opera
tions on Wednesday morning after being
shut down for twelve weeks. The plant in
Saltsburg will resume on Wednesday also
and the Hyde Park plant next Monday.
Those three mills resume at a reduction
of 20 pefcent in the wages of men on tcm
nage, but this is offset to some degree by
the fact that the limit of production has
been removed. The rollers, heaters and
shearmen all signed an agreement to ac
cept the new wage agreement.
In Most Cases Establish
ments Are Running at
Full Pressure.
Reserve Right to Increase
Consular Establishments
in Macedonia.
Novel Tests Made During
Saturday's Electrical
Dis". urbance.
Bird Enters Through a Win
dow and Terrifies
Sick Persons.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, Nov. 2.— An owl frighten
ed a woman to death in Gouverneur Hos
pital to-night. The woman was Mrs.
Elizabeth Forschleischer, 41 years old, a
patient. The owl flew in the hospital
window and alighted on the foot of her
bedstead. She shrieked and fainted.
Doctors, nurses and attendants Joined
In a chase after the owl which lasted
fifteen minutes, and during which fifteen
women patients in the ward were thrown
into panic. They finally cornered the
owl and after it was caught returned to
their patients.
Mrs. Forschleischer was found dead in
her bed. She had been taken to the
hospital in an ambulance late in the
afternoon. Her condition was very low.
The woman probably had never seen an
owl before and shrieked In an agony of
fright. In an instant the room was in
an uproar. Other women patients,
aroused by the shrieks, fell into a panic
and shrieked In unison.
The entire staff of doctors, nurses and
attendants ran in and the owl flew awk
wardly to the lintel of a window near the
celling and "too-whooed" loudly. The bird
was a foot high and his wings spread out
two feet across from tip to tip.
THREE ANNAPOLIS CADETS
ON TRIAL FOR HAZING
Victims of Their Pranks Testify Re
luctantly Before Naval
Court-Martial.
ANNAPOLIS, Md., Nov. 2.— The pro
ceedings of the naval court-martial call
ed for the trial of the three midshipmen
of the flrst class, charged with hazing
members of the fourth class, began to
day in the office of the commandant of
midshipmen. The first midshipman to be
arraigned was John H. Lofland of Oska
loosa, Iowa, and his plea was not guilty.
All of to-day's session was occupied by
the hearing of witnesses for the prose
cution. As soon as the trial of Lofland
is completed the court will take up the
cases of Joseph D. Little of Springfield,
O., and Earle W. Chaffee of Rhineland,
Wis.
The men are charged with having sub
jected Midshipmen W. W. Lawrence of
Colorado and Churchill Humphreys of
Kentucky, of the fourth clasa, to physical
indignities. The former, it is alleged, was
compelled to stand on his head.
The witnesses examined to-day were
Midshipmen Lawrence and Humphreys,
who, it is charged, were hazed, and a
number of other fourth-class midshipmen.
AH of them, as is usual in cases of this
kind, showed the greatest reluctance to
say anything that might tend to injure
the accused midshipmen or even to ad
mit the existence of hazing.
LYNCHEHAUN'S RELEASE
ANGERS BRITISH FRES3
London Globe Declares Politics In
fluenced the Indianapolis
Decision.
LONDON, Nov. 2.— The release from
custody of James L. Lynchehaun by Fed
eral Commissioner Moores at Indianapolis
on Saturday, on the ground that, while
Lynchehaun's crime was brutal, it was
nevertheless of a political nature, is ad
versely commented upon by the afternoon
papers here, the Globe claiming that poli
tics influenced the decision. The Globe
says :
"The next assassin of a President will
plead Commissioner Moores" judgment
with irresistible force if he escapes across
the Canadian line. The Americans will
have no cause for complaint if the re
sult throws out of sear the whole ma
chinery of extradition between the United
States and Great Britain."
The Pall Mall Gazette remarks: "By
the same reasoning used by Commissioner
Moores it would always be possible to
refuse the extradition of anarchists guilty
of most dastardly crimes."
Drive Students Into River.
MONTREAL, Nov. 2.— Eighty students
from McGill University who undertook to
celebrate Halloween in Longue, just
across the river, in a manner not appre
ciated by the citizens, were driven into
the river, a number being severely beaten.
About fifty or more were injured and
several were taken to the hospital.
BERLIN, Nov. 2.— President Koch of the
Relchsbank to-day celebrated the semi-centen
nary of the beginning: of his official career.
Emperor William conferred upon Herr Koch
the Order of the Red Eagle of the flrst class.
Eastern Hospital Pa
tient Passes Away
During Panic.
Russia and Austria Add
to Their Scheme
of Reform.
Starting of Pittsburg
Plants Gives Work
to 2000 Men.
Messages Transmitted
560 Miles Without
Batteries.
OWL FRIGHTENS
WOMAN TO DEATH
PECULIAR FEAT
IN TELEGRAPHY
MORE DEMANDS
OF THE SULTAN
CHINA APPEALS TO AMERICA
TO TAKE HAND IN MANCHURIA
Although Not in Accord With Russia's Peculiar
Course in Far East, the Washington Govern
ment Will Not Be Drawn Into Complications
WORK RESUMED
IN FOUNDRIES
THE SAN FKAKCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 3. 1903
Favors Annexation of Canada.
11
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
"Thf btsi little friend Ihav^
LIEBIG COMPANY^
EXTRACT OF BEEF
USCD BY COOO COOKS CVtRYWMCPC
CTMVm. MS TJIIJ i2-2^A4L
Have
ff You Read X
/BREWSTER'Si
I MILLIONS/
\. IF NOT BUY YXf
'ADVEBTISEMENTS. .
¦ Lflkea New^O
|thacke^yW
n H n ' lcan y years sees the light ia the W H \8gl2s57
Jf SB November Century. It coisists of Ad W TfeKr
j£j « S Thackeray 's most important Ataeri- »• g g \\ |JTj|"|
a ill A A America, and recording one of tha ft [3 I' II mB
Kj| CmturyUaguzine, KJ here is Thackeray's caricature ot i-j| ., I 11 lure
HS Sold mryvAtfre. Ma \ . . frfll ill
K3 35 tm/i. |:1 Kg T Ant «> # M T I t&j
§£jj mis srxDER. RfgTSg tT\ S\^ t/j^J t*3 9\$ 3% rfl Gig
Ml 14.00 a fear. B?GI fcj' K \|J Jjft Vttjj ftjj'9 A Q ft 1 iS\ K^C - Jl in/ It*
g3 Tlu Cmtury Co., KFp^ftfe^^^^3^§g*™lSLSftT ffi^a^^e*^^! I |J I ||§i
K| New York. K$f fr^-H k^l Wja HM I H m&%k C / I ill 5S3
ADVERTISEMENTS.
BACKED
by sixty years
of practical [
experience, \
I jiii p !
is tlie pure., [
healtkml blend 5
ing of choicest j
bops and fm s
est barley un*
der scientifi-
cally perfect
conditions.
For Stomach Disorders
Gout and Dvsoepsla
drink
Best NATURAL Alkalino Water.
A, VIQNIER CO., San Francisco.
(5 visit DR. JORDAN'S great p
$HUSEUH OF ANATOMY^
0 £P K3HfASHTS7.tr- £:&*?•*, crai. p
\ tjf "*" hs L»'y«»t Anatomical Maieun in the \
U -JkL World. >V saknebes or any contrmcieri A
» ftSlSq ii«a»e poaitivrly eored sy the oiJcit Y
© iSSjl *>P«=»aj!Hon theCout £jl 36 jzin. ©
A jfftf & DR. JORDAN-DISEASES OF MEN Q
\ F^iVOlJ Con«u!t»uon free and strictiy pri»»tf. T.
\ fi W H '•"'••• **r« >n e»eryca5« undertaken. T
AVn HA Write for Bo«k. raiLOIOPQTtf A
V • II 1^ M AI»n It UK. MAILED FRS2. (Af
A fl /j. valuable book (or mm ) >
£ Dtt. J OBD AN A CO, 1051 Murkrt Ht.S.F.Q
POLITICAL CABDS.
1
For
Mayor
HENRY J. CROCKER
Republican
Nominee
For Tax Collector
Edward J.
SMITH
* ' ONCUMBENT.)
Regular Republican Nominee
Firisai:
lASHINGTONIDGE
: ;- Democratic Nominee.
For Sheriff
Henry H. Lynch
Rebublican Nominee
For Sheriff
Peter J. Curtis
Chairman Street Committee of Present Bo5c4
of Supervisor*.
Democratic Nominee
Union Labor Party Nomlnt* ,THE WHALER BELUGA THAT
BROUGHT DOWN A FOR
TUNE FROM THE ARCTIC.
TO SAIL.
FROM SEATTLE.
Sun, Moon and Tide.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey —
Time and Heights of High and ' Low
Steamer. ' For." | Sails.
Al-KI Skag-way & Way Ports. Nov. 4
Dlrlgo Skagway & AVay Ports. Nov. 6
Bertha Cooks Inlet & Way Pts. Nov. 7
Valencia Skagway &,\Vay Ports. Nov. 7
Dolphin...... Skagway &,,Way Ports. Nov. 7
City Seattle. . . Skagway &.jWay Ports. Nov. 14
Santa Ana.... Cooks Inlet & Way Pts. Nov. 16
The Time Ball on the tower of the Ferry
building was dropped exactly at noon to-day —
I. e., at noon of the 120th meridian, or at 8
p. m., Greenwich time. J. C. BURNETT,.
Lieutenant U. S. N.. In charge.
Branch Hydrographic Office, U. S. N., Mer
chants' Exchange, San Francisco, Cal.,
November 2. 1003.
Time Ball.
Three new overdues were posted, yes
terday for reinsurance. They were the
German ship Wlllkommer, out 132 days
from Rio Janeiro for Seattle; British
ship Verajean, out seventy-eight days
from Newcastle, Australia, for Tocopilla,
and the British bark Torrisdale, out 136
days from New York for Sydney. They
are all quoted at 10 per cent The Nor
wegian bark Charlonus still stands at 10
per cent; the British ship St. Mungo at
40, and the Norwegian bark Daisy at 50.
Three Hew Overdues.
The steamer Californlan was cleared on Sat
urday for New York direct with an assorted
merchandise cargo, laden at this port and
Including the follow ins:
C250 bbls' 32. cs wine. 32.SC3 eks sugar. 0078
cs tanned goods, 10,075 sks prunes, 5750 cs
canned and GOO bbls pickled salmon,* 014 ska
prunes, 548 bags coffee, 250 cs honey, 100
bales cassia, 114 pkgs patent medicines, 15!)2
eks bor.e block, 2 cs beeswax, 422 bbla as
phaltum. 220 logs hardwood, 40 pkgs electri
cal supplies, 611,250 lbs scrap metal, 19S boxes
1 lot scran tin. 372 bales Junk, 2 cs paints, 2
cs oil, 1 cs rubber goods, 158 pkgs reels and
bolts.
Merchandise for New York.
The French bark Anjou was cleared yester
day for Queenstown, for orders, with 08,798
ctls barley, valued at $70,560, and 8000 feet
of lumber as dunnage, valued at $120.
Snipment of Barley.
Whalers are shaking their heads about
the lack of luck that is coming to the
schooner Morning Star, not long ago con
verted from a missionary ship into a blub
ber hunter. Missionaries are for some
reason unpopular with sailors. .The Morn
ing Star has been whaling all season and
is still clean. "And she will come home
clean," said a ¦whaleman on the Beluga.
"She was packing missionaries too long
to have any luck left."
Missionary Career a Hoodoo.
NEWS OF THE OCEAN.
The British steamer Ascot (at Victoria) was
chartered prior to arrival for wheat from
Portland to Japan, at $3.
The German bark Atlanta, now -at Eureka,
was chartered prior to arrival for redwood,
thence to Cork, U. K.. at 55s.
Matters of Interest to Mariners and
Shipping Merchants.
Salmon Ship Arrives.
The ship Star of France arrived yester
day, twenty-six days from Pyramid Har
bor. She brought 40,425 cases of salmon.
Steamer. Destination. , I Sails.l Pier.
_ November 3. '| |
Czarina Coos Bay direct... .. 12 m|Pler 8
Olympic... Whatcom & Falrh'n 4pm Pier 2
S.Barbara Los Angeles Ports. 1 pm Pier 2
Corona Humboldt il:30pPier 9
G. Llndauei Astoria & Portland! 5 pm Pier 28
Lakme | Humboldt .'.| 5 pm Pier 2
_ i. 1 November 4.' -¦ j ¦ |
C. Nelson.. l Os Angeles Ports.] 6 pm|Pier 2
Coronado.. Grays Harbor I 4 pmlPler 10
Centennial.) Seattle & Tacoma.|10 amIPier 2
ChehallK... Grays Harbor ...V| 4 pmlPler 2
G.W. Elder. Astoria & Portland 11 am| Pier 24
November 5.1 1 I
Alliance... Eureka & Coos Bay 10 amfPler 16
Eureka Humboldt BS 9 am Pier 13
State of Cal San Diego & Way. 0 am Pier It
Bonlta Newport & Ways. !» am Pier 11
Phoenix.... Mendocino City.... 1 pmlPler 13
Samoa Lo S Angeles Ports. 9 am|Pier 2
November it'.' \
Pomona... Humboldt ...11:30 p Pier 9
Rainier Seattle & Whatcomf 4 pm Pier 10
Ramses Hamburg & Way:.|.8 am|Pier 19
November T..
B. Monica. Los Angeles Ports. 10 am Pier 2
Pt. Arena. . Point Arena ..A.. 4 pm Pier 2
Centralia.. Grays Harbor*,.'.. 4 pm Pier 10
Rival Wtllapa Harbor ',.. 4 pm Pier 2
Alameda... Honolulu '... 11 am Pier 7
Umattlla.. Puget Sound Ports. 11 am Pier 9
Curacao. . . Mexican Ports .,. . . 10 am Pier 11
Peru N. - Y. via Panama 12 m Pier 40
Iaqua Humboldt ......<... 1 pm Pier 2
Arctic Humboldt 9 am Pier 10
November 8. . -
Newburg.. Grays Harbor {... 4 pm Pier 10
Arcata Coos ¦ B.& Pt.Orford 10 am Pier IS
S. Rosa. . . . San Diego & Way 9 am Pier 11
November 9.
N. Fork... Humboldt ....'. 5 pm Pier 2
Columbia.. Astoria & Portland 11 am Pier 24
Coos Bay.. San Pedro & Way. 9 am Pier 11
November 1O.
A. Maru... China & Japan.... 1 pm Pier 40
J. Dollar. . . Seattle & Tacflma. 10 am Pier 2
November '12.
Queen Puget Sound PprU 11 am|Pler 0
Hugh M. Burke was elected secretary of
the State Board of Pilot Commissioners
yesterday to ' succeed E. C. Conroy, re
signed.
Secretary of Pilot Commission.
The Japanese steamship America Maru
on her outward voyage passed close to
Midway Island. As a treat for the iso
lated company of cable employes sta
tioned there. Captain Going lowered over
the side a huge box heavily ballasted
with fruit, wine, cigars, tobacco, maga
zines, newspapers and such other lux
uries as he thought would be welcome to
men living a Robinson Crusoe existence.
As the America steamed away a boat was
putting off from the Island to take the
box in tow. When the liner reached
Hongkong Captain Going received a ca
ble from the superintendent expressing
thanks for the box, but Informing him
that a sudden squall had compelled the
boat to put back and had driven the box
to sea. .
The Gale Took the Fruit.
¦ The whalers Bowhcad and Norwhal will
not come home this season. When the
Beluga, which arrived here Sunday, parted
company with them they had decided to
winter in the ice off Herschall Island.
Will Winter in the North.
Donato Matteussl, a machinist, was
killed yesterday by the breaking of an
emery wheel at 516 Davis street. The un
fortunate man's right side was dreadfully
lacerated and mangled. Ho was removed
to the Harbor Hospital, but died as he
reached the operating' table.
Killed by Breaking Emery Wheel.
The barkentine Katie Kllcklnger, which,
on October 26, sailed from Tacoma for
San Pedro, yesterday put back to Port
Townsend leaking. She was caught in a
southeastern off Cape Flattery and
strained her planks. When she reached
Port Townsend she had four feet of water
in her hold and the leak was gaining on
the pumps at the rate of an inch an hour.
Returns to Port Leaking.
Steamer. , From. Due.
Lakme San Pedro Nov. 3
Empire Coos Bay ....Nov. 3
Alliance Portland & Way Ports.|Nov. a
Mineola Tacoma |Nov. 3
B.Barbara Seattle & Olympia |Nov. 3
Alameda Honolulu JNov. 3
Umatllla Puget Sound Ports INov. :i
Arctic Humboldt j Nov. 4
Phoenix Mendoclno .' Nov. 4
C. Nelson Portland & Astoria Nov. 4
Coronado San Pedro Nov. 4
Rival Wlllapa Harbor ., (Nov. 4
Chehalls San Pedro |Nov. 4
Centralia Grays Harbor Nov. 4
Eureka Humboldt |Nov. 4
Pomona Humboldt INov. 4
Kan Juan N ew York via Panama. (Nov. *
Del Norte Crw=rent City INov. 5
SantK Rosa... San Diego & Way PortsJNov. 5
Point Arena.. Mer.docino & Pt. Arena.lNov. 5
J. Dollar Seattle & Tacoma Nov. 5
Newburg Grays Harbor INov. ft
S.Monica Grays Harbor |Nov. 6
Arcata Coos Bay & Port OrfordfNov. B
Coos Hay s an p e dro & Way, Ports | Nov. ti
Columbia Portland & Astoria |Nov. «
North Fork... Hnmboldt INov. fl
Corona Humboldt |Nov. 7
Qucn Puget Socnd Ports iNov. s
State of Cal.. s an Diego & Way Ports|Nov. 9
Sonoma Sydney & Way Ports... |Nov. u
Portland Nome vli«. Seattle INov. !»
V, ni c° Coqullle River (Nov. 9
J> on 'la Newport & Way Ports. |Nov. 10
Korea China «.- Japan. .V INov. lit
G. W. Elder.. Portland & Astoria..-.. Nov. 11
Colon New York via Panama Nov. 12
City Puebla... 1 Puget Sound Ports. ... Nov. 13
sel. The trouble was not settled until nine
of the ringleaders in the trouble deserted
the vessel. The nine men left with the
ostensible purpose of going to fhe mines
in the vicinity.
TO ARRIVE,
Movements of Steamers.
¦Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent. I
NOTE— The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about 25
¦minutes later than at Fort Point;.; the height
of tide Is the tamt at both places..
TUESDAY, NOVEMBER .8.
Run rises , 6:37
Sun sets • 5:09
Moon sets .4:48 p. m.
C ITime] JTimel Time I \Timel
P | Ft. I Ft. 1 Ft. 1 Ft.
a 1L \V| |H Wl • L\T| . H W|
"5 3T3I 1.81 9:561 B.5I 4:151 0.4111:05 Th
4 4:10 2.0J10:25| 5.C| 4:62|— O.l|ll:54 4.9
5 4:481 2.2jlO:56| 5.7| 6:34|— 0.4!
H Wl JLWI IH W L W|
6 O:42J 4.01 5:30| 2.4111:34 6.7 C:ll> — 0.6
7 1::<2I 4.91 15:131 2.6112:17 6.7 7:07 — 06
8 2:25| 4.0| 7:02| 2.8|l:O4 5.5 7:50—0.5
NOTE — In the above exposition of the tides
the early mornlnz tides are given In the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day In the order of occurrence as to time; the
fourth time column gives the last .tide of the
day, except when there, are but three tides, as
Fometlmes occurs. The heights plven are in
addition. to the soundings of the United States
Coast Survey charts, except when a minus ( — )
sign precedes the height, and then the number
given Is subtracted from the depth given by
the charts. The plane of reference Is the mean
of the lower low waters.
The Beluga's cargo included 30,000
pounds of bone, 8750 gallons of oil, 40
pounds of Ivory, 16 bear skins, 640 fox
ekins, 12 marten skins and 2 wolf skins.
In the early part of the voyage Hugh
Stattner, a fireman, fell down the en
gine room companionway and broke his
ankle. Captain Bodflsh reduced the
fracture and, although the limb is a little
crooked, Stattner seems perfectly satis
fied with the sailor surgery.
B—^ IE- whaling steamer Beluga,
which arrived Sunday night, 1?
days from Port Clarence,
brought one of the most valu
able cargoes that has come out
of the north in some time. It includes
whalebone, whale oil, ivory and furs and
represents a market value of nearly
$350,000. Unfortunately for the Beluga's
crew, however, the greater part of this
rich store was gathered by other vessels,
the steam whaler's share being limited to
the products from three whales caught
and killed by the Beluga's company. The
skipper. Captain Bodtish, and the en
gineers, whoso remuneration is fixed in
dependently of the catch, will be well
paid for their time, but what little may
be coming to the others, whose compen
sation depends upon the harvest, will bo
more- than offset by the amount they owe
the slop chest. .
The slop chest of a whaler possesses
something of the virtue of the philos
opher's stone. The shirt which in port
la worth $1, acquires a value of anywhere
from J4 to $6 after a little sojourn in this
"wonderful receptacle. Dollar shoes triple 1
in value; overalls assume the financial
importance of imported tweeds, and un
derwear of modest worth is disposed of at
figures into which the orifrtnal price could
be divided many times. Few of the men
that ship on whalers leave port with
much more wardrobe than the clothes in
which they stand. Blubber hunting takes
the odd looking craft into chilly latitudes
where warm clothing is a necessity. The
whaleman's necessity is the slop chest's
opportunity and the greater the necessity
the more closely does the slop chest re
semble the philosopher's stone. It takes
a big catch to overtake the slop chest.
The Beluga had some little trouble Vith
the ice during the early part of her cruise
off Turner Reef. Coming out of the north
ern waters, off Herrold Island, the young
ice was encountered and the Beluga re
quired all her steaming strength to force
her way through.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
PORTLAND. Or., Nov. 2.— Unless lift
draws are supplied the four bridges span
ningr the Willamette River at this point
no more vessels will be piloted to the
upper harbor after dark. This was the
ultimatum Issued by pilots of the local
harbor this morninsr.
If this new feature in the, controversy
between the pilots, United States engi
neers and city authorities is carried out
it means that no craft demanding the
services of a pilot will be able to pro
ceed farther upstream than the steel
bridge, except in broad daylight.
The pilots are not alone In this matter,
but have the support of some of the tow
boat owners. The stand Is a result of
th© suit fought last week, which ended
In Pilot Harry Emken, Captain Mitchell
and the Willamette Columbia River Tow
ing Company being held responsible for
damage done to the Morrison-street
bridge through the steamer Elm Branch
colliding with that structure three years
ago. The pilots declare that at present
there is .not sufficient space between the
piers and spans of the bridges to admit
of a vessel being towed through them In
safety, and if they are to be held respon
sible for destruction when thus handicap
ped they will not accepC the risk.
Captain Daniels of the steamer Aber
deen asked for a pilot to take his vessel
this evening, but was informed that If
she was not ready before dark ha would
have to wait until to-morrow.
Student May Lose His Sight.
ST. CLOUD, Minn., Nov. 2.— During a
demonstration In the laboratory of the
St. Cloud Normal School this afternoon
an explosion of chemicals took place,
blowing out the windows and causing a
panic among the students*. Professor
Keppel, in charge of the class, was seri
ously injured about the head and face,
and Nat Garding, a student, may lose his
sight as a result of burns. It Is not
known what caused the explosion.
The complaint of McCann & Co. that
the electric light at the corner of Sutter
and ilason streets cither does not burn
at all or very dimly was referred to the
IJjrht Committee. The complainants say
that an attempt wss made on Tuesday
last to burglarise their store, which they
feel fjre would not have occurrr-d if there
had been a lis'ht on th« corner.
Tbc offer of Antoinette Claris and other
owners of Lysrtt place, of? Sacramento
street, between Jones and Leavenworth,
to <3e<*d the alley to the city for a public
street was referred to the Finance Com
mittes.
"Second— Will the adoption of said reso
lution jeopardize any of the rights of the
city and county in the premises?
Third— Oin the adoption cf said resolu
tion be constructed as rccogrjizinB or con
lorricg any right whatsoever to the said
railroad company, or its bondholders, or
creditors after February 1, 1904?"
"I arn in favor of permitting the road
to be operated." said Supervisors Lough
cry, "because if we wen to stop the road
from running until a new franchise is
granted it would throw a large number
of men out of employment during the
winter months, which would work a hard
ship on them."
The United Railroads was granted per
mission to erect ard maintain a storage
tank, having a capacity not exceeding
.-..•*»'• barrels, or 2.3W,009 gallons" capacity,
for the purpose of storing crude oil or
petroleum lo be used as fuel. In the block
bounded by Lagraia. Buchanan. North.
Point and Beach strtxts.
The resolution granting to J. H- McKay
a permit to maintain a boiler in the prem
ises on Clorocrt street, near Fifteenth
avenue, was repealed, property-owners
havinjr filed a protest.
The petition of the Board of Works for
authority to purchase an adding machine
was referred to the Finance Committee.
"Whereas. On November 6, 1903, the
franchise of the Geary Stre«t, Park and
Ocean Railroad Company will expire; and
"Whereas. For the Immediate future
there win be no means, other than by the
cars of said railroad company, to pro
vide adequate transportation for the pub
lic on Gear> r street;
"Resolved, That the City Attorney be
requested to furnish the Board of Super
visors at an early date with his opinion
upon the following questions:
• "First— If the board adopts a resolution
that no interference la the operation of
the cars of the Geary Street, Park and
Ocean RaJiroad Company will bo ordered
until February 1. W04, provided the com
pany enters into a written stipulation
waiving all rights to a franchise* to
'operate the road and all rights to the
roadbed through all or any part of the
existing route and agrees to pay Into the
treasury of the city and county 5 per
cent of" its gross receipts monthly, to be
ascertained in the manner provided by
section 4, chapter II of article II of the
charter, and to pave and keep in repair
the space Wtrron the rails and for two
fret on either side thereof, will said reso
lution be valid?
The Board of Supervisors yesterday
adopted a resolution requesting the City
Attorney's opinion relative to the recom
mendation of the Public Utilities Com
ruittee that .the Geary Street Railway
Company be allowed to operate its road
frcm November 6. 12C3, the date of the
expiration of It3 franchise until February
1, 1304, cr until such time as a new fran
chise is sold to the highest bidder. The
resolution follows:
ROTTERDAM— Arrived Nov 2— Stmr Staten
dam. from New York. Sailed Nov 2— Stmr
Amsterdam, for New York. '
GLASGOW — Sailed Nov 2— Stmr Corean for
St. John, N. F., and Philadelphia.
PLYMOUTH— Sailed Nov 2— Stmr Pennsyl
vania, I from Hamburg for New York.
SOUTHAMPTON — Sailed Nov 2— Stmr
Deutschland, from Hamburg, for New York
BREMEN— Arrived Nov 2— Stmr' Groseer
Kerfurst, for New York.
MOVILLE — Arrived Nov 2— Stmr Furnessla
from New York for Glasgow, and proceeded. •
ARRIVED.
* ' Monday, November 2.
Ftmr State of California, Thomas, 42 hours
San. Diego.
•Stmr George W. Elder, Randall, 85 hours
from Portland, via Astoria.
Stmr Grace Dollar, Olsen, 40 hours San
Fedro.
Stmr Robert Dollar, Johnson, 39 hours San
Pedro.
Stmr Rosecrans, Johnson, 12 days Honolulu,
via Hilo 10 days.
Fr chip Lafayette, Boju, 75 days from New
castle, N. S. W.
Sl!lp Star of France, Rose, 26 days Pyramid
Harbor.
Schr Newark, Relnertsen, 12 hours from
Stewarts Point.
Schr Volant, Skipper, 11 days from Grays
Harbor.
Rchr Resolute, Blom, 11 days Whatcom.
Schr Andy Mahoney, Anderson, 9 days As
toria.
CLEARED.
Monday, November 2.
Stmr City of Puebla, Jepsen, Victoria, P. C.
S. S. Co.
Br ship West Lothian, 1 Davies, Seattle, Hind,
Rolph & Co.
Fr bark Anjou, Le Tallec, Queenstown, Bal
four, Guthrie & Co.
SAILED.
Monday, November 2.
Stmr City of Puebla, Jepsen, Victoria.
Stmr Olympic, Hansen, Whatcom.
Stmr Whitesboro, Olsen, Greenwood.
Stmr Californlan, Barron, New York.
Stmr Mandalay, Payne. Crescent City.
Stmr San Pedroj Andresen, Eureka.
Stmr Grace Dollar, Olsen, Grays Harbor.
Schr Roy Somers, Holland, Grays Harbor.
SPOKEN.
Per stmr Rosecrans. Nov 2. 20 miles WSW
of Farallones, schr Allen A, hence Oct 31, for
Eureka.
TELEGRAPHIC. l
POINT LOBOS, 10 p. m. — Weather clear;
wind west, velocity 8 miles per hour.
MISCELLANEOUS.
HAMBURG, Nov. 1. — Ger stmr Theben, pre
viously reported stranded at Punta Arenas,
after discharging will go on drydock for exam
ination and repairs.
PORT TOWNSEND, Nov. 2.— Bktn Katie
Fllcklnger, from Tacoma for San Pedro, re
turned here with four feet of water in hold.
Leaking one inch per hour.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
BLAINE — Arrived Oct 28 — Schr Zampa,
hence Oct 15, for San Pedro.
Arrived Nov 1 — Stmr . Arizonan, hence Oct
" SAN PEDRO — Arrived Nov 2 — Bktn Charles
F. Crocker, from Everett.
Sailed Nov 2 — Stmr Robert Dollar, for San
Francisco; stmr Coqullle River, for San Fran
cisco.
CASPAR— Arrived Nov 2— Stmr 8amoa,
hence Nov 1. .
WESTPORT— Arrived Nov 2— Stmr Fulton,
henco Nov 1.
Sailed Nov 2 — Stmr Westport, for San Fran
cisco.
SEATTLE— Sailed Nov 2— Stmr City of Se
attle, for Skagway.
ASTORIA — Arrived Nov 2— Schr R. W. Bart
let t, from San Pedro.
Sailed Nov 2 — Stmr Homer, for Skagway.
PORT TOWNSEND— Arrived Nov 2— Br stmr
Tottenham, hence Oct 29; bktn Katie Fllck
lnger. from sea in distress.
SOUTH BEND— Sailed Nov 2— Stmr Rival,
for Pan Francisco.
WHATCOM — Sailed Nov 2— Schrs Maweema
and Mildred, for San Francisco.'
PORT TOWNSEND— Arrived Nov 2— Fr ship
Alice, from Vancouver.
PORT GAMBLE — Arrived Nov 2— Br stmr
Tottenham, hence Oct 29.
TATCOSH — Passed out Nov 2— Schr Annie
E. Smale. from Everett for San Pedro; stmr
Mlneola, from Tacoma for San Francisco; schr
Ludlow, for San Pedro; bktn Georgina, for San
Francisco.
SAN PEDRO— Arrived Nov 2— Schr Fearless,
from Falrhaven; schr Alcalde, from Eureka:
stmr W. H. Kruger. hence Oct 31. Sailed
Nov 2 — Stmr Marshfleld, for San Francisco:
etmr Chehalls, for San Francisco;- schr Dora
Bluhm. for Eureka; schr Orient, for Astoria.
EUREKA — Arrived Nov 1 — Stmr Pasadena,
hence Oct 31. Nov 2— Stmr North Fork, hence
Oct 31. Sailed Nov 2— Stmr Eureka, for San
Francisco.
PORT HARFORD— Sailed Nov 2— Stmr
Santa Cruz, for San Francisco; Btmr Coos Bay,
for San Pedro.
MENDOCINO — Arrived Nov 2— Stmr Phoe
nix, hence Nov 1.
ISLAND PORTS.
HONOLULU— Arrived Nov 2— Stmr korea,
from Yokohama. Sailed Nov 1— Br stmr (Iris.
for • . ' ' -. 'J
FOREIGN PORTS.
TENERIFFE — Arrived Nov 1 — Qer stmr
Menes, from Punta Arenas.
YOKOHAMA — Arrived Nov 2 — Jan stmr
Nippon Maru. hence Oct 15. Sailed Oct 30
Br stmr Empress of China, for Vancouver
VALPARAISO— Sailed Oct 13— Ger stmr He
rodot, for Hamburg. . .
NEWCASTLE, Aus.— Sailed, Oct 30— Ship I
F. Chapman, for Honolulu.
SYDNEY — Arrived Nov 1— Schr W. H. Tal
bot, from Puget Sound. .
HONGKONG — Sailed Oct 31 — Jap stmr
Hongkong Maru, for San Francisco.
SYDNEY— Arrived Nov 2— Bark Carrolton
from B'akeley. - .-/¦ :,'«.. ,.-
OCEAN STEAMERS.
Among the larger items for which esti
mates are submitted for the yards named
are the following:
Charleston, S. C, to continue work on
drydock, $500,000; shipfltters' shop, $150,000.
Mare Island, improving channel in Mare
Island Strait, $150,000; electric light plant
extension, $25,000. New York, fireproof
storehouse building, $100,000; to continue
drydock, $200,000. Norfolk, pits and slips,
$200,000; to continue drydock, $400,000.
Puget Sound, to continue boatshop, $50,000;
quay wall extension, $40,<aK>; locomotive
crane and track, $50,000.
Estimates for the construction of two
modern barracks for enlisted men, to cost
JGOO.OOO each, are made, the sum of $200,
000 for each being stated as the amount
required for the 'expenditure for the uscal
year.
Shipping Intelligence.
WASHINGTON. Nov. 2.— Rear Admiral
Endicott, chief of the Bureau of Yards
and Docks, In his annual report to the
Secretary of the Navy, says several of
the yards, especially those at New York
and Norfolk,, are becoming congested,
owing to their limited area, and that
unless some' action is taken looking to
their relief, their efficiency will become
restricted.
The estimate* for the coming fiscal year,
it is explained, provide for contains the
work on drydocks at Charleston, New-
York and Norfolk and the steel floating
dock at Cavite, P. I., and that with the
exception of the estimate for the improve
ment of the water front at the New York
yard, $1,600,000, these are amonor the
largest items for which estimates are
submitted. Attention is called to the need
of more extensive accommodations for
the storage of torpedo boats and It is
suggested that the construction of a
Bmall drydock at Norfolk and other yards
for the docking of the largest number of
small boats of the navy would bo an
economical provision. Many works of
.Improvement are necessary at the
Charleston yard, if it is to be developed
into a station of moderate efficiency, says
the report; also at New Orleans.
Admiral Endicott says a drydock of the
largest capacity should be constructed at
once at Pensacola, which yard, he be
lieves, will be of undoubted importance
in the future. He adds that a new dry
dock ultimately will be required at the
Puget Sound yard. The great need of ad
ditional land for extending the yard at
New York and the need of a new general
storehouse and the improvement of the
additional land acquired at the Washing
ton yard are pointed out.
Grant Permit to United Rail
roads' for Immense Oil
Storage Tank.
Asks for $150,000 to Deep
en Channel to Mare
Island.
Bridges Will Now Have to
Be Supplied With
Life Draws.
Supervisors Seek Opin
ion as to Geary
Street Line.
Report.
Rear Admiral Endicott
Makes His Annual
Vessel Cannot Move in
the Willamette
After Dark.
HIT TO KEEP
OARS RUNNING
NAVY REQUIRES
MORE DRYDOCKS
PILOTS ISSUE
AN ULTIMATUM
THE SAN FBAKCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 8, 1903.
Whaling Steamer Beluga Has a Cargo Valued -at* About
$250,000, the Greater Part of Which Comes From
Other Blubber Hunters Still in the Frozen^ North
BRINGS BONE, IVORY, OIL AND FURS
FROM THE LAND OF THE MIDNIGHT SUN
Mtitiny on Bonanza.
The officers of the whaling ; steamer
Beluga, which arrived Sunday, report that
while at Port Hope the crew of the whal
ing Bchooncr Bonanza mutinied j and for
several hours held possession of the ves-
12
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Is there • any soap but
Pears' which has been sold
in two centuries and is
selling in the third?
Sold all orer the wot Id.
RAILWAY TBAVEL.
g CALIFORNIA g
I LIIRITEO TO CHICAGO |
J Leaves Mondays and Thursday* g
B at 0:30 a. m., through In 3 days, H
M with diner and ail trappings. B
Other 8anta Fe Traios :
2 : S ~* (. 1°t StoelrtBH, Fresno. Bakersfleld,
8 : 00 p.* ml J" Merced « Haaford and VUalia.
4.00 p. m. for Stockton.
8:00 p. m. for Kansas Cltj, Grand Canyoa aad
Chtcagro.
Ticket Qmu: Ml Market St., and T*rry
Depot.* a r. Also 11U Broadway, Oak-
land, Cal.
CALIFORNU NORTHWESTERN RY. CO.
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAIXWAT COMPAJnr. '
Tlburon Perry. Toot of Market Str«et.
SAW TBAKCISCO TO SAS BATAEL.
WEEK DAYS— 7:30. 0:00 11:00 a. m.: 12:33.
3:30. t:10. 8:30 p. m. Thursdays — Extra, trip
at 11:30 p. m.
Saturdays — Extra trip at 1:50 and 11:30 p.m.
SUNDAYS— 8:00. 9:30 11:00 a. m.; 1:30. 3:30.
8:00. 8:20. 11:30 p. m.
SAW EAPAEL TO SAW TBAWCISCO.
WEEK D*TB-«:06. 7:35. 7:5O. 9:20. 11:15
a. m.; 12:50 3:40. 0:00. 8:20 p. m.
Saturdays— Extra trip at 2:06 and 8:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS— «:C0. 9:40 11:15 a. m.; 1:40. 3:40.
4:55. 6:05. 6:28 p. m.
Leave I In Effect I .Vrrlye
San Francisco. I Sept. 27. 1903. |San V.-andsco.
Week I Sun- I Deetlna- I Sun- I Week
Days. I days. | tlon. | days. | Days.
"7:30a "8:00a 0:10a 8:40a
0:30 a Ignado. 10:40 a 10:20 a
3:30 p 3:30 p 6:05 p 6:20 p
8:10 p 8:COp 7 :3S p
7:30 a 9:10 a 8:40 a
S:C0a Novato. 10:40 a 10:20 a
3:30 p 0:30 a Fetaluma 4:05 p 6:20 p
6:10 p 3:30 p and 7:35 p
6:00 p Santa Rosa.
7:30a ~~ 10:40 a 10:20 a
8:00 a Fulton. 7:35 p 8:20 p
3:30 p 3:30 p
.Windsor.
7:30 a 8:00 a Healdsburg. 10:40 a 10:20 a
Lytton.
3:30 p 8:30 p Geyserville. 7:35 p «:20p
Cloverdale. *.¦¦'.¦:¦:
7:30 »| 8:00 al Hopland. 110:40 a|10:20 a
3:30 a I 3:30 p{, and Uklah. |7:35p|e:2Op
7:30a|6;00a| WHUta. 1 7:33 p| 6:20 p
7:30 al 8:00 al ~~ ~ 110:40 a 110:20 a
3:30 i- 3:30 p| GuerneviUe. | 7:35 p[ 6:20 p
7:30 al 8:00 al Sonoma. I 9:10a| 8:40 a
5:10 p| 6:00 p| Glen Ellen. | 6:05 p| 6:20 p
7:30 al 8:COa| T~ 110:40 a J10:20~a
8.30 p| 3:30 p| Sebastopol. [ 7:35 p[ 6:20 p
STAGES connect at Green Brae for San
Quentln: at Santa Rosa for White oulphur
Springs: at Pulton for Altrurla and Mark West
Springs; at Lytton for Lytton Springs: at Gey-
fcervlllc- fur Skaggs Springs; at Cloverdale for
the Geysers. Boonevllle and Greenwood; at
Hopland for Duncan Springs. Highland Springs,
KelseyvlUe. Carlcbad Springs. Soda Bay. Lake.
port and Bartlett Springs; at Uklah for Vichy
Springs. Saratoga Spring?. Blue Ldkes, Laurel
Dell Lake. Witter Springs, Upper Lake. Pomo,
Potter Valley. John Day's, Riverside. Llerly's,
Bucknell's Sanhedrin Heights. Hullvllle. Orr*»
Hot Springs. Halfway House, Comptche. Camp
Stevens. Hopkins, Mendoclno City, Fort Bragg,
Westport. TJsal; at WlllUs for Fort Brags.
¦Westport, Sherwood. Cahto. Cbvello. Layton-
vllle Cummlngs. Bell's ' Springs. Harris. Ol-
sen' s. Dyer, Garbervllle. . Pepperwood, ScotU
and Eureka. i :
Saturday to Sunday round-trip. tickets at re-
duced rates.
. On Sunday round-trip tickets to all point*
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket office, 630 Market street. Chronicle
bU H d 'cf WHITINO. R. X. RYAN.
Gen. Manager. " ' Gen. Pass. Agt. -
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
fflSm CARTERS
Positively cared fey these
Little Pills.
They also relieve Distress from Dyspepsii,
Indigestion ancTJbo Hearty Eating. A per-
feet remedy for Dizziness, Nausea, Drowsl.
acss, Bad Taste in the Mouth, Coated Tot^jo
Pain in the Side, TORPID LIVER. Thej
Regulate the Bowels. Purely Vegetable.
Bmall Pill. Small Dose,
Small Price.
SAIL WAY TRAVEL.
SOUTHERN PACIFIC
Trains le«»« sftid s*r« due to *rri re at
SAN FUANCISCO.
(Mala Llaa, Foot of Mar tec Street )
Uitl — F»OM OCTOBZH 21. 190a. — AKKITJ
7.00a Benlcla, Sulsua. Klialra aad Sacrv .
neato 7 2Sp
7.00a Vacarlllf. W!at«r«. Runner. 76$r
7.30a Martinez. S»a Ramon, Vallejo,
Naps, Cal 1st OB*. SanU Boss I.ZSp
7.30a Klles, LtTermore, Tracy, LaUirop.
Stockton 7.2Sp
8 00* DaTlf, Woodland. KnlstitsLsadlag,
MarriTllle. OraTlUe 7.53*
• 00a Atlantic Ezprest—Osden aad Ea«t. 1025*
I.SOa Port Costa, Martinez. Antluch. »t-
ron.Tracy.8u>ckton.aacramenta.
Mewmu, Los llanos, Mendota,
Armona. Lemoore, Hanford,
Vlialla. Porterrllle 4.2V
850a fort Coeta, Martinez. Tracy. Latn-
rep. Modesto. Merced. Fresno.
Ooahea Janction. Lemoore, Hsa-
ford. Vliaiia. Bakeri&eld 4 Sir
>.SCa Shaita EznreM — DaTla. Wllllama
(for Bartlett Springs). "IVtUows.
tFruto, Ked Blnff. Portland 755?
8-30 a KHei, San Jose. Llrerinore. Stock-
ton.Ione.8acrsmento,PIacerTUle,
MarysTllle, Chlco. I'.ed BlnS 4 25"
|.30a Oakdale. Chinese. Jsmestown. So-
nor*. Tnolumne and Angels iii*
9.00a Martinez and Way Stations. ,5|? F
10.00a v.nejo- -,.. t -...* ~ 1225F
10.00a- -
Ton co«ta. Martlnes. Byvoa.
Tracy. La tnrop. Stockton.
Merced. Raymond. Fresno, Han-
ford. VlssUs, Bskersflsld. Los
Angeles (West-
bound arrvres vlaUuast Line)... iIMf
1008a Tbe Orerland Limited — Ogden.
DenTer. Omaba. Chicago 2*5'
12.00v Bayward. Nlles and Way Stations. 4-25*
tl -00r Sacramen to RlTer Steamers Tl 1 .00p
330p Benlcia, Winters. Sacramento.
Woodland, Knights Landing,
MsrysTllle. Orofllle and way
stations 1055a
3 JOr Bayward. Ktles and Way Stations.. 7 55p
3 Sar Port Costa. Martinez. Byron,
Tracy. Lathrop. Modesto.
Merced. Fresno and Way Sta-
tions beyond Port Cost* 12-2SP
3-38P Marlines. Tracy. Stockton. Lodi... 1025a
4.00r Martinez.SauKnmon.ValleJo.Kapm,
Callitoga. Santa Uoss 9 25a
4 COp Hlles. Tracy. Stockton. Lodl 4.25r
430r Bayward. Nlles. Irrlngton. San I 18.65a
Jose. LITermore f 111.55a
6. 00p Tbe Owl Limited— Newman, Los
Banos. Mrnduts. Fresno. Talare,
BakeriDelri. Loa Angeles 8.55a
SCOp Port Costa. Tracy, Stockton 1225p
t6 30r Hayward. Nlles and San Jose 7.25a
6.00p llayward, Klles and San Jose 1025a
600p Oriental M*tl— Oitden. Denver.
Omaha, St. Lonls. Chicago and
Kant. Port Costa. Benicls. Snl-
sun. Eimlra, Davis. 8acrameoto.
Rocklln. Auburn. Col fas.
Truckee. Boca, Reno, Watls-
worth, Wlnnemucca, Battle
Mountain. Elko 4 25'
S.OOp Vallejo. dally, except Sunday.... I 7 c-.
70t> Vallejo. Sunday only f ' OJ
7.00p San P*blo, Port Costa. Martlnes
and Way Stations. 11 25*
CXSp Oregon * California Express— Sac-
ramento, MarysvlUe. Redding.
Portland. Puget Sound and East. 8-55*
B.10p Bayward. Kllea and San Jose (Sun-
dayonly) 1165a
COAST LINE l.i»rr»» Uui;e).
(Koot of Murtet Screet.)
tlB* Newark, Centerrllle. 8an Joss. *
Felton. Boulaer Creek. Sant.%
Cr u t and W ay Stations 555 r
'¦Z 15r Newark. Centerrtlle. San -Jose.
New Almaden.Los Gatos.Felton.
Boulder Creek, Santa Cruz and
Principal Way Stations 10 554
4 15p Newark. San Jose, Los Gatos and
way stations t8-55 a
'3 30p nnnters Train. Saturday only, San
June and Way Stations. Sunday
only returns from Lo« Gatns t7 25p
OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY.
.-rom SA.N t KAN CISCO. loot of Market St. (SllpO
— n:15 >:CO 11:00a.M. 1.00 3.00 6.15 F.JI.
rrom OAKLAND. Foot of Broadway — t«:0O T3:Ot
tJ:05 10:00 a.m. 1200 200 400 P.M.
~ COAST LINE (Bre«a Vsoce).
tjr"(fh<ra and' Townsend Streets.)
610* San Jose and Way Stations t 30*
7 00a 8an Jose and Way Stations 6 38? V
8.00a New Almaden (Tuea., Frld., only), 4.IOP
¦ 00a Coast Line Limited — StopsonlySan
Joae. Gilroy (connection for Bol- .
lister). Pajaro. CastroTUIe. Sa-
Itnas. San Ardo. Paso Robles,
Santa Margarita. Saa Luis Oblspo.
Principal stations thence Surf
(connection for Lompoc) princi-
pal stations thence Santa Bar-
bara and Los Angeles. Connec-
tion at CastroTlUe to and from
Monterey and Pacific Grov» 19.45*
9.0Oa Ban Jose. Tres Plnos. Capitols,
Santa Craz.PaclflcGrore.Sallnas,
Saa Luis Oblspo and Principal
Way Stations 4.10*
10.30* San Jose and Way Stations. 1.20*
11.30a Santa Clara. San Jose, Los Gstoe
and Way Stations 7.30*
1-30P San Jose and Way Stations .«. .... B 38*
l.OOr Pacific GroTe Express— SantaClara
6»n Jose, Del Monte, Monterey,
Pacific GroTe (connects At Santa
Clsrs for SanU Cruz, Bonlder
Creek and Narrow Gauge Points)
at Gilroy for Bolllster. Tres
Plnos. at CastroTlUe for Salinas. 12-1B*
»J0* Gilroy Way Passenger 11045a
t4 45r San Jose. (tI* Santa Clara) Los
Gatos, and Principal Way Sta-
tions (except Sunday) *9 28*
<6-30p San Joie and Principal Way Stations tS.QQ*
S.OOr Sunset Limited. Eastbound.— San
Luis Oblspo, Sanu Barbara, Los
Angeles, Demtng. El Paso. New
Orleans. New Tork. (Westbound
srriTes rl» San Joaquln Valley ) . . . «¦ 9 25 a
ti.15P San Mateo.Beresford.Betmont.San
Carlo*. Redwood, Fair Oaka,
MealoPark. Palo Alto t« 4« a
6.30p Sail Jose and Way Stations 6 3S*
11 .30* South Saa Francisco, MUlbrae. Bur
llngame. San Mateo, Belmont,
Saa Carlos, Redwood, Fair Oaks,
Menlo Park, and Palo Alto 94Sp
¦11.30* Mayneld, Mountain View. Snnny-
- Tale, Lawrence, Santa Clara and
< San Jose «45p
" A for Morning. P for Afternoon.
t Sunday only
i 6tops at all stations oa Sundsy.
t Sunday excepted. a Ssturds7 only.
eVta'Coast Line. wVia San Joaquln Valley.
-*BT"Only tratas mopping at Valencia St. sour bbouni .
•re»:10*.M..rr:00*.J«..ll:30*.i«..3::*IP.M.i«n.l'( iSOp i.-.^
lli^liPfiP CAZADERO,ETC.
T^ l^Jof'lrW 2:55, 3:45. 4:45. 5:43. 6:*5.
8: t 5 »A < i^ C MIL n i. VALLEY TO SAN' FRAN-
,:05.»:«>.l« E » b - 6HTKAINS .
~ goo a- m- wcek days— Cazadero and way
fct B"l5 *P m- week days <Saturday3 excepted)—
Toma'les and wty stations.
:;Tl5 P- m. Saturdays— Cazadero and way
8t Sundays only— 10 a. m.. Point Reyes and way
¦'t'icKET OFFICK— 626. Market st.
FERRY — Vnlcn Depot, foot of Market »t.
Mt. Tamalpais Railway
Leave 'is Si-uahu ?«rry ¦ Arrive
San Francisco f«ot cf Mtrktt St San Francisco
Week Sun- Sun- Wee*
JDay*^ days i-V^K5&W A W* Pay*-
•13:91 1*M:OOa I2:0»r 10:401
*1:45p 9:OOa Wj^M WkM 1:?5p3:5.ii-
fl:15r IO-.OOa 2:50p S:.M)f
„... 11:00a \P«j@r 4:5Or 9:S0ri
l:45f R:50r _.A
tenasel wjta ttsgs tu ' Mptss sad billow Csiay
nCUf J ftM M arkkt ST.,(North Shore Railroad)
QinCB J and Savsauto Fulky, Foot Mark* Su
ADVEBTISEMXKTS.
Shirts, Collars and Cuffs
by the Hundred
pas? through our hands daily, and we
have jot to tind a dissatisfied customer.
It is not our aim or practice to get
through our work in hit-or-miss style,
but to launder linen in thorough, pains-
taking manner— hence our lack of com-
plaints, hence our success. We will be
glad to call at your d'jor for any order,
no matter how small.
No Eaw edges.
UNITED STATES LAUNDRY
OFFICE 1004 MAEIET STKEET,
Near Powell.
BAJA CALIFORNIA
Damiana Bitters
iS A CHEAT KESTOKATIVE, 1NVIGOKA-
tor and Nervine.
The most wonderful aphrodisiac and Special
Vonlc for the Sexual Organs, for both sexes.
The Mexican Remedy fcr Diseases of the
Kidneys and Bladder. Sells on Its own merits.
NABER ALFS & BHUNE. Agents.
£23 Market St.. S. F. — (Send for Circular*.)
EVERyBLAi£.WRRANTED
../^SSS&,n MEN AND WOMEN.
(C^VS^CliULs^^ CgeBifiC for unnatural
jfifiSSr u 1 1- * ¦*-" T?l di«cli»rf*s.infl»nimatioB»,
fTtZf G»»r»ntt«i \5 irritation* or ulceratio&l
C&*lf cm to •trirturi. of uticooi membrane*.
y^ «•% pwuk Co»t*ri». Pa.in~.eu, and not aiirla-
ETClTJiEEUWSCHEHriaLCO. c«at or pouonous.
\<A CI.HC'XMTI.C.igfBg »«*<» *>7 DrofrisU,
la.— y*"!* or cent in rlain ttr»pp»r,
J^^Hk,. _^&m by exprets. prepaid, for
XS2r>S l SnSS»^'"f-B * 100 - °r3 bottl'i r2.75.
> XjgjgjgJSP^' H circuit/ »ect ob nsuen.Receipts of Produce.
Eggs are nowfnoving oft very well since the
recent decline, and »« already mentioned the
market Is showing 1 -more steadineRn. Occaplonal
small sales are" bf ing. made over the, quotations,
but posted buyer*, get all they want at the quo
tations below. There is no longer any rush to
>ell and last week's depression has almost dis
appeared. ¦ . ¦-.- *_-¦¦- •
Butter and Cheese remain as previously quo
ted. Fine grades^ of both are firm, while the
medium and lower grades .are more or less weak
and dragging. -,, .
Receipts were lbs Butter. COS cases
Efrers and 1500 \bf Cheese.
BUTTER — Creamery. 29@30c for. extras and
26@27 1 /4c for seconds; dairy. 21@2Bc; store But
ter. 17 %@19c;. cold storage, 21@26c; Eastern
23<S^5o per lb. * .
CHEESE— 12%c for the Reneral market, 13®
Butter, fhecse and Eggs.
St. Louis Wool Market.
8T. LOUIS. Nov. 2.— WOOLr-Steady. Me
dium grades clothing. lSSSOHc: light fl ne , 14
O17^c; heavy fine, 14@14Hc; tub washed, IS
®20c.
Neiv York Cotton Market.
NET/ YORK, Nov. 2.— The cotton market
opened weak at a Oecllne of 14<?21 points, and
closed steady, 14«?20 points lower.
NEW YORK. Nov. 2.— Tin advanced 7s 3d
In London, spot closing at £11S 12s Cd, and
futures at £lli> »s. Locally tin was steady,
*pot quoted at $25 75«?26 25.
Spot copper declined 2b 6d In London to £5!>
7b Cd while futures were unchanged at £5!)
15s 'Locally copper was unchanged. Lake
is quoted at $14; electrolytic, $i:i i3; casting:,
$13 CO. The exports of copper for the month
are reported at 12,840 tone, making 101,7ft 1 *
tons for • the ten months, as compared -with
142.6S2 tons for the same period last year.
Lead was unchanged at £11 5s in London
and at f4 50 ln New York.
Spotter advanced 2s f,d In London to £21, but
declined Vic here, closing at $6.
Iron domed at 40s In Glasgow and at 42s
10%d in MlddleBboro. Locally Iron was quiet.
No. 1 foundry. Northern, is quoted at $15 500
1«; No. 2 foundry. Northern, $14 750-15 25; No.
1 foundry. Southern, and No. 1 foundry. South
ern soft, at $14 50S14 75.
Neiv York Metal Market.
GAME— Mallard Ducks. ?4 50@<l r»0 per dozen-
Canvasback $P@7; Sprig. $t®5; Teal S.1 :
Widgeon. $3: small Ducks. $2; Gray Geeep'
$3©S 50; "White Geese, $l(g2; Brant $1 50 for
email and $2 5ft for large: English Snipe $.1
common Snipe, $1 75; Wild Doves. $1 25- Rab
bits $1 75 for Cottontails and $1 25 for Brush-
Hare, ?1 2501: B0.
Two cars of Western Poultry that came In
on Saturday were on sale and cleaned up well
nt good prices. Another car is due to-day.
The n ccl)>iH ot domestic stock were very light
and as is usual on Monday the market was
quiet, with p.rices largely nominal. Young
Turkeys were j reported very weak and there
was uuite a quantity of carrted-over stock on
hand.
Game arrived freely and met with the usual
good demand at steady prices.
P0ULTRT— Live Turkeys. 18@20c per lb for
yours and 14^17c for old: Geese per pair
$1 7502; Goslings. $2S2 25: Ducks, $4 ro®5 per
dozen for old and $506 for youn^; Hens «4 50
<f?5; young Roosters, 54(55; old Roosters. $4 cn«
6; Fryers. $3 6O@4; Broiler*. $3@3 B0 for largo
and $2 50@:t for small ; Pigeons, fl<Sl 25 per
dozen for old ehM $2®2 25 for Squabs.
' Poultry and Game.
BAGS— Grain Bags. 5@5%e; San Quentln,
6 65c; Wool Baits, :S2$?r.5e; Fleece Twine, 7%
«Sc- Cotton Fruit Basra, «V4c. 8%c and 7%c
for 'the three grades; Brown Jute, «H@7ftc.
COAL — Wellington, $8 per ton; New Wel
lington, $8; Seattle. $6 SO; Bryant, *U 50; Bea
ver Hill, $5 50; Stanford, $7; Ro*lyn. $7; Coos
Bay $5 50: Oreta. $7; Wallsend. $7; Rich
mood, $7 50; Cumberland. $13 ln bulk and
$14 25 'In sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg,
114- Welsh Anthracite Egg, ?13; Weljih Lump,
$11*50; Cannel, $8 00 per ton; Coke, $11 CO®
1." prr ton ln bulk and $15 in Barka; Rocky
Mountain descriptions. $11 40 per 2000 lbs and
$11 50 per ton. aacordlngr to brand.
OIL — Linseed. 40c for boiled and 47e for raw
ln barrels; cases. Bo more; Caetor Oil, In cases.
No 1. 70c; Bakers" AA, $1 1001 12; Lucol, 44c
for' boiled and 42c for raw ln barrels; Lard
Oil, extra winter strained, barrels, 85c; cas«s,
90c; China Nut, B5@70c per gallon; pur*
Keatsfoot. ln barrels, 75c; cases, 80c; Sperm,
pur©. 75c: Whale Oil,- natural white. 601165c
per gallon : Fish Oil, In barrels, 4fc; cases.
COc; Cocoanut Oil, ln barrels, 58o for Ceylon
and Mta for Australian.
COAL OIL— Water White Coal Oil In bulk,
15%c; Pearl Oil in cases. 22c; Astral, 22c; Star.
22c; Extra Star. 2«c; Elaine, 2Sc; Eocene, 25c:
deodorized Stove Gasoline, li, bulk, 17c: In
cases, 23V&c; Benzine, in bulk, 13c; in cases.
IUVjc; 8tt-d?zree Gasoline. In bulk, 21c; ln
cases, -T'/jC
TURRENTINE — 80c per gallon in cases and
74c ln drums and Iron barrels.
RED AND WHITE LEAD— Red Lead. C%©
7c Der lb; White Lead. 6kfi7e, according to
quantity.
SUGAR — The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes as follows, per lb. in ICO-lb baga:
Cubes, A Crushed and Fine Crushed, .Y8.">c;
Powdered, 5.70c; Candy Granulated. 5.70c; Dry
Granulated, fine. O.COc; Dry Granulated, coarse.
5.00c; Fruit Granulated, B.60c: Beet Granu
lated (100-lb bags only), 5.40c: Confectioners'
A, D.COc; Magnolia A, 6.20c: Extra C. 5 10c;
Golden C.-Bc; "D," 4.90c; barrels, 10c more;
half barrels. 25c more; boxes. 60c more; 60-lb
bags, 10c more for all kln.la. Tablets— Half
barrels. 6.10c: boxes. 6.35c: H. A E. Crystal
Domlnos, 8.50c per lb. No orders taken for
less than seventy-flve barrels or Its equivalent.
General Merchandise.
CHICAGO Nov. 2.— CATTLE— Receipts, 2fi,
000. Western, best strong and senerally
steady good to prime steers. I535&5.7B; poor
to medium. $3 50-34 SK>; stockers and feeders,
S < ">j'H4 35; cowb, *1 55ffj>4: heifers, $2{?5; can
ners. $1 15<g2 50; bulls, $2(^4 25; calves. $2@
« 75: Texas fed steers, $3®3 75;Western steer",
liOGS — Receipts: To-day. 27,000;" to-morrow,
21 000 Opened strong, • closed .weak. Mixed
ami butchers, $1 85*65 50; good to choice heavy,
$505 80; rough heavy. $4 C0@. r » 00; lifrht, 84 90
ffl't 00; light, $4 onj/n 45; bulk of sales. $4 G5
¦SHEEP — Receipts. CO, 000. Sheep, steady to
lower- lambs. 10c lower. V3ood to choice weth
ers S3 rWT4 : fair to choice mixed. $3®g'S0;
Western yhoep. 12 Bfl@3 65; native lambe, $.1 50
5 40- Western lambs, $-1 5005 10.
. ' ST. JOSEPH.
ST. JOSEPH. Nov. 2.— CATTLE— Recplpts.
2000. Steady. Cow* and heifers, $1 0004;
stockera and feeders. $2 DO04.
jifKSS— Receipts. 1800. Steady to 10c higher.
LlRht, $5 15425 45; medium and heavy, $4 854?
tUIEEP— Receipts, 385. Kwes, $3 25.
CHICAGO.
Eastern Livestock Market.
ALUMINUM WIRE
OUSTING COPPER
Used as Transmitter of Elec
trical Energy.
The Lighter Metal Is Extensively
Aluminum lines are now employed for
the three longest electrical transmissions
in North America. In the longest single
line, that from Electra power-house to
San Franclaco, a distance of 154 miles,
aluminum Is the only conductor used.
The 144-mlle transmission between Col
gate and Oakland Is carried out with
three, aluminum and three copper wires.
For the third transmission in point of
length that from Shawinigan Falla to
Montreal, a distance of eighty-five miles,
three aluminum conductors are employed.
From these examples It may be seen
that copper has lost its former place as
the only conductor to be seriously consid
ered for transmission circuits. Aluminum
has not only disputed this claim for cop
per, but has actually gained the most
conspicuous place in long transmission
lines. This victory of aluminum has been
wen ln hard competition. The decisive
factor has been that of cost for a cir
cuit of given length and resistance.
From the standpoint of cross-section*!
area aluminum Is Inferior to copper as an
electrical conductor. Comparing: wires of
equal sizes and lengths the aluminum ha;»
only 60 per cent of the conductivity of the
copper.. The Inferiority of aluminum la an
area is more than offset by Its superiority
over, copper ln terms of weight. One
pound of aluminum drawn Into a wire of
any length will have a sectional area 3.33
times as gr*at as one pound, of copper In
a wire of equal length. This follows from
ithe fact" that the weight of copper is 553
pounds; whfle that of aluminum is only
167 pounds per cubic foot, so that for
equal weights the bulk of the latter is
3.33 times that of the former metal. Hence
for equal resistances the weight of an alu
minum is only one-half as great as that
of a copper wire of the same length.
From this fact it la evident that when the
price per pound of aluminum is any less
than twice the like price of copper the
former Is the cheaper metal for a trans
mission line of any -required length and
electrical resistance.— Engineertaf Maga
zine.
VEGETABLES — Green Peas, 2?r4c per Ib*
Rtrinjr Beans, 2ffK5c per lb: Wax. 2'<f2\t l c: Lima
Beans. 3<6f*c per lb; Tomatoes. 20(JJ40c per box;
Summer Squash, 35'9 1 S0c per box; Cabbage, 00c
per ctl; Carrots, 75c per sack; Cucumbers, 35®
COc per box; Garlic, 3(fM^c per. lb; Green Pep
pers, 25®40c'per box for Chile and r>O<£HSOc for
Bell: Green Okra. -10940c per box; Egg Plant
40®50c per box: Marrowfat Squash, $10 Dei
ton; Hubbard,,$12.
The Potato market was quirt pending: the un
loading of the Oregon steamer, which arrived
with ;52O9 •' Sacks. The receipts from other
sources were unusually large, aKjrreRatlng over
8000 sacks.'" Three cars of Sweet Potatoes
were marketed and cleaned up readily at an
advance. Choice Onions of the Australian
Jtrown variety were firm at the top quotation
while other kinds were dull at unsteady rates!
Choice ofJwlnRS of Lima noana and Gree 1 '
Peas tvere firmer, but all other vegetables were
lit free supply and easy. Tomatoes were the
most plentiful and the top quotation was an
extreme figure for the best stock. The can
ners were not. in the market and large lines
hail to be carried over.
POTATOES — Burbanks from thfi river 50^
70c per ctl; Salinas Burbanks. $1©1 35 p€ ,' r ct j.
Oregon Burbanks, 75p@?1 10 per ctl; River
Re3s, P0@C5c per ctl; Sweet Potatoes, $1 35
per ctl.
ONIONS— r.Ovft«r>c per ctl.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
LIVERPOOL.
•Wheat — Dec. March. May.
Opening « f'% « ''^ « 51-i
Cloring 0 6. 6 6^ « 5«4
' . . ... PARIS.
Wheat — Jan.-Apl.
.Opening Holiday.
Closing Holiday.
Flour—
Opening «° •)&>'.
Closing Holiday.
Foreign Futures.
EASTERN MARKETS.
* .New York Stock Market.
_JCETT YORK. Nov. 2 .-The eltirgith drift of
price, to to-flay'B Btock tcarket liad litU« «1«-
On the Produce Exchange to-day the butter
market was easy. Creameries, 15>;,«/ •
dairies 14ffl8Vjc: eggs firm at mark, cases in
cluded,' 19V4W20^!c: cheese steady. 10V4@Uc.
Articles— Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels 24,700 12.500
Wheat, bushels 112..100 48.400
Corn, bushels 5W.500 894.800
Oats, bushels 327.700 292,500
Rye bushrls 3.800 118,(iO(t
Barley, bushels 113,200 10,20!)
The following quotations are for good, sound
Livestock, delivered ln San Francisco, less 30
per cent shrinkage for Cattle:
CATTLE — Ste»rs, 860c: Cows and Heifers.
7flSc- thin Cows. 405c Der pound.
CALVEtj — i@*ViC per pound (grois weight).
SHEEP — Wethers, 3H@3*lc; Ewes, 3Cr3Hc
per pound (gross weight).
LAMBS— $2 7503 per head.
HOGS— Live Hogs, 150 to 250 lbs. 5V6c;
under 150 lbs, &V«@5%c; Sows. 20 per cent off;
Boars 60 per. cent off, and Stags, 40 per cent
off from above quotations.
DRESSED MEATS.
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers
are as follows:
BEEF— C@7c for Steers end 6@6c per lb
VEAL-^-Large. 6&"c; small. 8®«o p«r lb.
MUTTON— Wethers. 7V4ff3c; Erres. 7@7M>q
per pound.
LAMB — 9@10c p«r pound. • •
PORK— Dressed Hogs. 7V4@9c per DOtmd.
LIVESTOCK MARKET.
Hogs are quoted firmer again at Western cen
ters, as the arrivals are lighter. Previous quo
tations rule her".
Meat Market.
North Shofs Railroad * 6 00
Orpheum Company 15 25 IB 23
Pacific States Tel & Tel 115 00
Paraffin* Paint ..: S3 00 ....
San Francisco Dry Dock 47 00 ....
Sanitary Reduction Works .. 2 50 ....
Sausalito I«and & Ferry . . 18 00 ....
Sperry Flour Company 27 23 30 Ort
Standard Electric 19 00
Tesla Coal Company SO CO
Trucke* Electrlo ".... 13 25
Union Sugar 22 SO ....
United Gas A Electric... 3125 ....
SALES.
Morning Session.
Board —
10O Monte Cristo Oil 90
100 Oil City Petroleum 23
Afternoon- Session.
Board —
100 Home Oil (s 80) 1 03
10 North Shore R R 6 CO
Street —
100 Central Point Con Oil 60
Mining Stocks.
BAN FRANCISCO STOCK EXCHANGE.
Following were the sales on the San Fran
cisco Stock and Exchange board yesterday:
Morning Session.
500 Alpha 07i 300 Exchequer ... 13
«CO Alta 0«! 50O Gould A Cur. 24
700 Andes H CD Julia OR
30O Belcher 11; 5O Justice or.
100 Belcher W| 300 Potosi in
10O Best A Bel...l 40| 100 Savaga 2O
200 Bullion OOi 200 Scorpion <t£
100 Caledonia »"| 200 8eg Belcher.. OH
50 Chal Con S2 20O TTnion Con ... 51
225 Choi lar 17| 30O T"tah 1«
150 Con C A Va..l 20; 60Q Yel Jacket 30
225 Crown Point.. 12r >-
Afternoon Session.
'. 300 Chollar 1" 100 Ophlr 1 43
500 Con C & Va..l 10 20f> Yel Jacket... 3f»
20O Hale A Nor.. 57 400 Yel Jacket... 42
200 Mexican 93
PACIFIC STOCK EXCHANGE.
Following were the sales on the Pacific Stock
ExYhange yesterday:
Morning Session.
100 Caledonia 1 001 100 Ophlr 1 42*4
M<> Caledonia 99 2OO Savags 2O
200 Chollar 1* ."S0O Savage 19>
3<X> Chollar 17 too Sierra Nev... 3ft
:WO Crown Point.. 12 200 1'nlon Con.... 52
H»0 Hale A Nor., f.l 200 t'nion Con ... 51
500 Julia 0d
Afternoon Session.
• 200 Choi lar 18; ICO Mexican OS
lOO Con C A Va.l 12". I 100 Ophir 1 42«
200 Gould & Cur. 22' "CO Savag* IS
60O Gould & Cur. 231 30O S#g Belcher... 08
5oO Julia 0«>' 40O Union Con.... 43
.'¦mi Julia 07 200 Union Con ... 43
100 Mexican 971
TON'OPAH MINING EXCHANGE.
Following, were the sales on th» Tonopah
and San Francisco Mining Exchange yesterday:
Morning Session.
,000 Esperanza ... 02\ 60O Rescue 04
400 Rescue Vo\ 30O Ton X Star. 32
Afternoon Session.
10.000 Esperanza .021 200 Ton N Star. 32
1,000 Hannapah.. US I 100 T A 3 Lake. 13
1,500 Rescue C5|
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
MONDAY. Nov. 2 — 4 p. m.
Bid.Ask., « Bid.Ask.
Alpha Ott 07 Julia Ott 07
i Alta *2 04 Justice W C5
Andes IS 19 Kentuck Ort 04
Belcher 12 14 Keyes Graes.l 75 I 8<»
Best & Belch. 1 4i> 1 4 j Mexican 95 »7
Bullion 09 l'J Occidental . .. 2O 22
Caledonia ... W OSOphir..: 1 4O 1 45
Challenge Con 2i> 24 Overman .... 2O- 23
'chollar 15 lOPotosl 15 10
Confidence ... W> 65 Savage IS 10
Con Cal A V.I 10 1 13 Scorpion .... 01 ft'S
Con Imperial. 0:; O4.Heg Belcher.. 08 Oft
Cen N Y ... 05 07 Sierra N>v... 34 Sft
Crown Point. 19 14 Silver Hill ..68 «O
Eureka Con.. — 6OSt Louis 11 —
EScchequer ... 15 18 Syndicate ... — 06
Gould & Cur. 22 23 Union Con . . 47 48
Hale A Nor. 5» RS Utah 16 17
Lady Wash.. 03 WiTellow Jack.. 40 43
TONOPAH MINES.
Bid.Ask.. Bid. Ask.
Colehan'- — l«,Ton * Cal .. — £1
Experania. ... 01 OUGreat W«»t.. 01 «4
Hannapah... 08 12 Nevada Ton.. — 6 5U
MacNamara . 11 14. North Star ..31 SI
Montana SH OT Midway 34 3.
Paymaster ... 00 13,Ton A Salt L. 13 —
Rrscue 03 0511'nited Ton .. — 1j
Belmont — 1 25 j Utopia 10 —
Receipts of Beans yesterday, though free,
were not as excessive as they were during the
same time last week. The market continues
weak, though prices show no further change.
BEANS— Bayos. $2 15©2 40; Pea, $3 26; But
ters. $.! 25: small White, S2 OOgT.'t 20; large
White. $2 20©2 50; Pink. $2 15r<J2 40; Red,
$2 90@3; Lima. $2 75@2 DO; Red Kidneys, $4;
Ulackeye. $2 10®2 35 oer ctl: Horse Beans,
$1 50(&2. '
SEKDS—^Brown Mustard,. $3; Yellow Mus
tard, $2 75(52 SO; Flax. $1 70@l 80; Canary,
5®5Vjc for Eastern; Alfalfa, 12@13c; Rape
l&^Vfcc: Timothy, cec^c; Hemp, 3 Vi 63 Vic
per lb; Millet, WAftc, Broom Corn Seed, $20tf
23 per ton..
DRIED PEAS— Green, $1 80(32 per ctl.
Beans and Seeds.
Cash quotations ranged as follov.-s: Flour,
steady. No. 2 spring wheat. x.".c; No. :i, HO%r<e
Rl«: No. 2 red, 82%fiS:;i^c; No. 2 corn, 41Vic;
No. 2 yellow. 44%$ 4.V; No. 2 oats. 35%c; No.
:t white 85G$7Hc; No. 2 rye. B6c: good feeding
barley. 41<S42c; fair to choice malting. 4ii@.'>4c:
No 1 flaxseed. 89c; No. I Northwestern. Otic:
mets pork, ner bbl. $11 50(iIll <2%; lard, per
100 lbs, $1? «;7' / 4'&<> "0: short ribs sides (loose).
$7<J?7 50; short clear fides (boxed), $7 25@7 50;
whisky basis of hltrh wines. $1 25; clover, con
tract grade. $10 45^11 «>.
Hay continues steady at the recent advance.
Hran and Middlings are also steady at previous
prices. ., Receipts of Feed^tuffs are running
rather larger at the moment.
l.*,cal 'slocks of Bran are 678 tons, against
483 tons' October 1.
BRAN— $20 504J22 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— $25 5O6j2S per ton.
SHORTS — 520 50©22 per ton.
FEKD&TUFFS— Rolled Harley, $24@25 per
ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill. *2U@26 50; Job
bing, $275i'27 50; Cocoanut Cake, $21@22; Corn
Meal. $.*i0®31; Cracked Corn, $30 &0<ff31 60;
Mixed Fted, $22 50®23 50; Horse Beans, $304;
40 oer tin.
HAT — Wheat. $14016 50: Wheat and Oat.
$13 50<Sl« "O; Oat. $12 50(814 50; Wild Oat,
$11 50$! 12 50; Uarley. $ll'ui:i; Stock $10fjfll;
Alfalfa ?10!(il2 50 r*r ton.
ijTRAW--iO«Cr)C per bale.
I Hay and Feedstuffs.
HIDES AND SKINS— Culls and brands sell
about 1 He 'tinder quotations. Heavy ?alt»r|
Strers, !tc; medium, Sc: light, 7V 2 c; Cow
Hld's, Sc for heavy ami 7^ic for light; Stagp,
5V'c; Salted KId, 9c; Salted Veal, 9V»c;
halted Calf. lOVic; dry Hides, 15c; dry Kip.
l.'lc: dry Calf, ISc; Sheepskins, ehearllnga, 25®
30c each: «hort Wool. 40<g«0c each; medium. 70
©90c; lone Wool, $1®1 50 each: Horse Hid»s.
salt. $2 75 for large and $2(82 50 for medium,
$1 25JJ1 75 for small and 50c for Colts; Horse
Hides, dry. $1 75 for large and $1 50 for me
dium, $1«?1 25 for small and 50c for Colts.
Buck Skins — Dry Mexican. 32o: dry salted
Mexican. 25c; dry Central American. S2c.
Ooat Skins — Prime Angoras, 75c; large and
smooth. BOc; medium. :*5c; small. 20c.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered. 4V4c per lb; No.
2. 4c: grease. 2\4<S3c.
WOOL— Fall clip — San Joaquln Lambs'. 9®
lie; Midule County. ll©12c: Northern Free.
Il$il2e- Northern Defective. lOfllc: Hum
boldt and Mendoclno. 12@14c; Nevada. 13@15e:
Oregon, fine. lS@19c; Oregon, medium, 17o
Pe HOPS— 18@22%c per lb.
Hides, Tallow,. Wool and Hops.
Articles— Open. High. I^jW. Close.
Wheat No. 2—
December, new. M Rl'i 80% 80*;
May 7a?» 7li' / i l 7iH« . V.t%
Corn No. 2 —
TVcember 44li, 44 »i 44 44t;
May 4:i'i, 43% 43 43
July 42'i 4:J 42% 43
Oa,tg No. 2—
IVcember 35*i Ho*; 35' i 35%
May M<H< 3«',a ''M% 3«Vi
Mess Pork, per bbl —
January 12 2J'i 12 .^'-i 12 22>t, 12 .°,0
May 12 .{5 12 47 12 :(5 12 40
Lard, per 100 lbs — '
December n 70 6 77 >4 « TO C 77 V,
January •". 80 « 87^ «J 80 « S7Vi
May ti S7J.4 « 95 « 8714 « «5 ,
Short Ribs, per 100 Ibe — ,
January 8 S7«i 0 45 fi M7^ « 42 >,
Mav 6.10 0 55 « SO « 52»-i
FLOUR— California Family Extras, $4 600
4 t>5, usual terms; Bakers' Kxtras, |4 (>0®4 60;
Oregon and Washington, $3 9US4 20 per bbl
for Family and ?3 !)0<fi4 40 for Bakers'.
MILLSTl'FFS— Prices In packages are as
follows: Graham Flour. $3 25 per 100 lbs;
Rye Flour. $3 25: Rye Meal, $3; Rice Flour,
$7; Corrf Meal, (:i 23; extra cream do, $4; Oat
Groats, "*4 DO; Hominy, $1@4 25; Buckwheat
Flour, $4 50@4 75; Cracked Wheat, $3 75: Fa
rina, $4 '50; Whole Wheat Flour. $.{ 50; Rolled
Oats. li\s. $7 25tfS M>; In sacks. $0 75@8 10;
Pearl Barley, $11; Split Peas, boxes, $7; Green
Peas. 13 SO per 100 lbs.
Flour and Millstuffs.
Owinr to the election to-d«y the New York j
exchanges will be closed, hence ther» will b* ;
very few quotation's from there. :
The Ban Francisco banks end exchanges will
be open a* usual. &* ttaa day i» not a legal ;
holiday.
Government Money Here.
Julius Jacobs. Assistant Tre&eurer of th» ;
Inltea' States at San Francisco, reports the j
cash cm hanJ In the Sub- Treasury at the close .
cf fcus-.ness October 31 as follows:
CMtrf Ptat.. rote. l».Ct 00 j
¦m*.urr r.ote, of 1S90 2.41. m
National bank nutoi !rSS S2 I
<;ul<! certiflrateg 4:.,^t.O 00 ;
Silver certificates _. S1 ', ,, '
GoM coin 2>>.775.^K1 ,
.<randajd silver dollars .S2.1«!«».4tW <"0 I
silver coin JSO.W- J«» 1
Vi:: r coin «,O*G 3«; ,
•Fractional currency 14 8> |
Coupons "** 10 i
Ij'tph cheeks funded loans of
1!»>'7 10<H ISC."". 19<iS-1918 an<l ' j
consols of' 19"0 12C 25 i
Hawaiian silver coins l.l«<0 00
Total $61,175,117 23
Fhlrped in October—
t'tanoard silver dollars $178,000
FrmeUooal silver coin ltfti.380
X taJ $34B,2S'J
The Lumber Trade.
Pacific Coast Wood and Iron says of the j
bunbtr trade:
''•October is 'usually a rather quiet month in
tho lumber and thinele circles cf this coast j
and the thirty-one day» just passed have been j
M exception to this rule. Building is under j
gr^at headway and there is Tttardly a square
in (^8ti Francisco that is not being improved,
Millie the report* from other localities in Cal-
Storr.la show the same Ktr.eral condition of af- |
faitF. From Portland and Seattle, givinir the 1
per ¦ Y3.1 trend of affairs in Oregon and Wash- 1
:r.gton. come rrpoits a HtUe less encouraging,
for th.- mills art gradually catching tip with
their orders.
• "I "dwood shingles are normally active, and
the demand, both l<val and tlunuMio, is good,
with prospects of further increase as the
' winter pa^st-s. The mills are hard at work on
•jrdcr* and an t-xcellent run of products is !
1^-ing madi> all over ths State. cVdar shin- |
Ci«a ar» i:t m •..-.• :¦ ::•';. situated, but an
linprovf-rnert fan V* forward to at any
time. ¦ - . -, .
"Reports from 'VVashir.gion an-1 Oregon thow
the niarkft <x>n<5'tror.s to be rather unsettled,
with the rul'.road Hdvanoing its lumTw-r freight I
ra*cs. owing to shortage of oars, from Port- j
'.and and points on tn<> river about l£i |«>r cent
and on shooks about 23 i*r cent. In order to
force Transportation by water. . The result j
has been the dosing- down of several mills and i
a preat accumulation of lumber in the yariis.
Iv. Washington, while shipments are still very
heavy.' shocks arp piling up; a. general reduc
iWn !;i prices will undoubtedly be the result
¦ur.l^fF the efforts to curtail the production are
rttoccskful. The carg-o shipments from t\'ash
mptoa during the tirst nine months of the"
<aifi:!ar year were 470,130,000 feet, against
:»» .*vi.on«i feet in the corresi>ori<3ing 'period of
1902. and rail Khfymrata for the first eight
it"-T.'\it were 4iH.sS2.WfO fe*t. against
UO0 feet for the first «-igtit months' of 19U2.
"In California the redwood trade is
t . rf*i!i 30<3.«X«t.00't fett for the year, the larg-'
eat record of shipments ever made. The in
¦ •¦: i" ration of several of the large manufac- I
turcrs and the »«tablishmrnt of large yards at
boa Medanos. with direct railroad connections
to all pans of the East and Canada, is ex
¦ *-r-if4 : to Iriru about a large Increase in the
n'-mand for California r»>awood."
Weather Report.
(I2mh Meridlnn— Pacific Time.)
PAN FRANCISCO. Nov. 2-5 p. m.
' The ' ollcwing are the seasonal rainfaJls to
date, as compared with th^*e of th# came date
lart et-aaon and rainfall in the last tweaty
iuur hours; - ¦
Last This Last
Stations — 21 hours. 6*rason. Season
Hureka O.<« 3.H4 2.73
Rfl BlJ3 «.<»J (».44 3.44
Facramfnta 0.<»t 0.14 1.<J7
sen Ptmadsco ..... o.<k) 0.17 1.70
Freeno 0.00 o.OO 0.42
Indep^Tidence i*.**\ Trace 0.3»
San Luis Obisr"> ... O.O0 0.02 2 <«>
Lo« Anjrrl*s O.<i0 0.43 o!»9
San Diego (i.OO 0.05 0.9S
TJ1E COAST RECORD.
~ b K g o i g
STATXO* ttHtaU ?*' F
¦» p * u «5 Z.
• 3 3 : : f
Hzy.rr 3O.f-2 64 34 PB Clcndy .00
carsoa. 30.00 70 30 W Clear 00
Kurrk* 29.&S €t 50 E Cloudy .08
Farallon SO. 04 00 66 W Pt.CIdy 00
Kresno 23. OS 73 46 SW Clear 00
FiftSSta.2 30.10 «0 IS fin Clear 00
: wiepenjjenc* -80.02 m 44 F Clear '00
:*m Angeles ..SO. 02 72 f.O W Clear 00
Mt. Ts-malpals.30.OS fio 4S SW ci»ar 'oo
North Head ..3O.fK) M T,2 XE Clcudr *"«5
Phoenix 29.94 W» 42 W • Clear- 00
Po<-at«>Ue> 30.16 «« 2« Ti CJear ' «i
I'ortland 3O.OO T-ft X.Z ~SVf Cloudy OS
Pc!r,t Hz-yes ..30.00 C2 52 TX Cloudy 00
Bed BluS 2T1.9S 72 .V» FE Cloudy 00
Roscburg 20.98 r.S .52 fT.V na!n "05
..30.00 72 40 S Pt.CTdy.OO
Halt Lr}<» ...30.14 M ¦ 82 : W Clear , CO
Kan Frax.cisct>. 30.00 €2 64" W-. Pt.CMy .00
K. L. Ohlspo.-.TO.W 7« 48 TV Ch^r r«
San r>irco ...23.JW «S ' 54' Kff Clear Ort
5>attJe 30.OG M .12 N* Cloudy .14
Fpoka-.e 2t>.ns fWJ 36 nb Clcudy T
Tntiesh .'W.00 54 4C E Pt.CIdy C2
V,'*Ua .Wai !s_ .23.02 70 .. R Pt.CIdy CO
Wlnremucca .SO.OQ CO 2S N . Clrar ' 00
Y "™» 2a.O2 «4 K0 13 Clear \m
¦VHATHER CONniTIOVS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
TUin i« falling in Oregon and the extrem*
onh-rn {v^tlon of OaUfomja. tum, has been
L-J, r /. a ' ln »««¦«»• *l»ng the northern
£5* ' The disturbance is mov-
Injt \rrj- G'cwly. however
ZZOmZFSSS***. h " K r.carly sta
r,^^I pa-i^ornia on<l Nevada." Over Wash
\ l£?*? 1 Northern Oregon theru has been
a f*,! of about U decree*
- mP "r. at fian FVanclsco for thirty
r ' ajn = "knight. November 3:
- ?ril e! 7 C^ 1!forr fa— Cloudy an<l unsettled
7<T ZJ, '*Z- * lth "»>» «n northern por
tion; fresh eouthrast winds.
. gcuthcrn California— Fair Tu»s<1st; light
northerly ir!nn s . rhar.cln" to westVrlv
?XZi o^ n<1 vlc 'n»y— Clowdy and on-
District Forecaster.
Chicago was slightly firmer. Tills market
whs Inactive and unchanged.
CURED MEATS— Bacon, 12c per lb for
heavy, ,12%c for light medium. 14%c for light.
15c for extra. ' light. ISc for sugar-cured and
19c for' extra sugar-cured; Eastern sugar
cured . Hams, 15<4c; California llam«. H-). 4 c;
Mess B«c(. $11 50 per bbl: extra Mess,
$12012 50; Family. $Ktfti:t 60; prime Mess
Pork. $10;' extra clear. $25: Mess. «20; Dry
Salted Pork, 12%c; Pig Pork. $23; Pigs' Feet,
$5 25! Smoked Beef. 15c per lb.
LARD — Tierces quoted «t "Vic per lb for
compound and 94?9",ic for pure; half barreli,
pure, P%c; 10-lb tins. 9%@10c; 6-lb tins. 10%©
lOVic; a-lb tins. 10Vi©10%c.
COTTOLENE— One half barrel. ?*ic: thre»
half barrels. 9V4c: one tierce, 0%c: 4 fwo tierce*.
9c: five tierces. 8%c per lb.
Provisions.
CHICAGO. Nov. 2.— Speculative business In
wheat was of an extremely dragging nature
and prices showed little change one way or the
other. Ccntinued selling of December by Ar
mour was the only feature to enliven an other
wise dead market, and this selling had a de
pressing Influence throughout the day and final
ly succeeded in forcing prices a trifle lower.
The early market wan inclined to firmness on
smaller Russian shipments and steady cables,
and after opening unchanged to Vfec higher at
SO^c to 81c Decembef sold up to 81%faNl'-ic.
but soon eased off again to the opening pricrs.
1'ersistent aelling by the big operators held
prices down and with a let up in the demand
from commlHslori houses an easier tone devel
npecf. December selling off to N0%c. The close
vhs at !$<>'<>,!jr80%c, a loss of %G*4c;
Corn had a firm undertone, but the market
was an extremely narrow affair. December
closed %0%C higher at • i 4V,(fi44*ic.
O&ts were weak. December closed %c lower
at (t5%C.
Provisions ruled firm but dull. January pork
closed Cc higher, lard up 5fi7!2C and ribs 2',-jc
higher.
The leading futi:reg ranged as follows.
Chicago Grain Market.
FRUIT— Apricots, 7@8%c for Royals and
9®10o for MoorpaVks; Evaporated Apples, 4%
4i5%c; sun-dried. 3%©4c; Peaches, 4%@6%c;
l'ears, CtflOc; Nectarines, 4@5%o; Figs, white.
4&4%c In boxes; black, 4%c. Plums, pitted.
ti^Sc per lb. -» • •
PRUNIUS — 1903 crop. 2%@So for the four,
sizes.
RAISINS— F. o. b. prices, Fresno. - for 1903
rrop: 60-lb boxes — Loose Muscatel, 2-crown.
f>Vic per lb; 3-crown, 5%e; 4-crown, U%c; Seed
less Muscatels. 4%0; do floated, 4%c; un
bleached Sultcnas. 4 %c; Thompson's Seedless,
6%c. London Layers— 2-crown. $1 25; 3-crown,
$1*35; 4-crown clusters, $2; 5-crown Dehesas.
$2 50; 6-crown Imperials, $3; Malaga Loose, 2
crown. 6c per lb; do 3-crown. 5%c; Valencia
Cured, 4%c; Pacific do, 3%c; Oriental do. 2%c.
Seeded Raisins — 10-oz. packages, fancy. 8c per
lb; choice, 7%c; 12-oz. packages, fancy, 6%c;
choice. 6%c; In bulk, fancy, 7%c; choice, 7%c.
NUTS— Walnuts, No. 1 soft?hell. 13%c; No.
2. ll%c: No. 1 hardshell. 13c; No. 2, lie;
Almonds, lie for Nonpareils. 10%c for I X L,
10'.»c for N«Plus Ultras and 8%c for .Langue
doc; Peanuts. tii@7c for Eastern; Pecans. \\(q
13c; Cocoanut«, |4 50^5; California Chestnuts,
10(&15c per lb.
HONEY — Comb, new, 12014c for white and
iif&llc for amber: new water white extracted.
fiV-jigOc; light amber extracted, 4%^5%c; dark.
4©4J>ic
BEESWAX— 27®29c.
Dried Fruits,Nuts, Raisins, Honey
New York Exchanges Closed
to-Day.
Sales on the Stock -and Bond Exchange In
October were aa follutva: . . ; . I
J Prlcw During
¦ • No. Month.
BONDS. . Shares
-.-.--' . Sold. Low. <\ High.
U S Oovernment . 16,000! 110%
Bay Counties Power Co. 22,000 103V* 104
Hawaiian Com &. Sugar. 3,000; 90
Los Angeles Railway Co 20,000i 113
Marktt-Kt Cable Co 12,OUO| 113 118%
Markt-st Ry 1st con mtg 7.000; 113%
Northern Ry Co of Cal. 9.000| 107 'A
Northern Ry Co (of Cal) 3,Hl>0i 114%
North Shore R R 7.00O] 100 100%
Oakland Gas L & Heat 2,000! 108 Vi
Oakland Transit Co l.OOO 120%
Oakland Transit 5.UWX Ill
Oakland Transit Cons... 5.0001 102
Omnibus Cable Ry 1.0«K)| 122
Pacific Klectric Ry 5s.. S7.000| 108% 100%
Powell-st Ry 6.000;....... 112%
S F & San Joaquln Val ».0»w; 116 117
Sierra Ry of Cal 5,0oo| 112%
8 P H R of Ariz <100!». 32.000 107 107%
B P R R of Arlz'(UtlO)'. 4».00O; 108% 109
S P R R of Cat series A 22.0U0J 102V 4 102%
S P R R of Cal series B 12.0l»0i 10.JV*
S P R R ofCal..... ."•. 2.00O 105
S P R R of Cal 13.000| 114%
Do 1st cons gtd g..... 7.000|... 117%
Do 1st cons (stamped) 87.000 108 108%
S P Branch Ry of Cal-.. 12.000) 131%
Sp Val Water 1st mtge. 2U.000 105% lOtf
Sp Val Water 2nd mtge 34,000 99% 1OO
Sp'Val Water, 3rd mtge. e.UOO 99«i S>9%
Stocks —
Contra Costa 230 40 CO
Spring Valley Water Co 1,797 K» 41%
Gas & E'ec. Stocks —
Mutual Elec Light Co.. 420 11 12
Pacific Gas ImD 5(>| 62% 65
Pacific" Lighting Co . 75!. ;.."... 55%
S F Gas & Electric Co.. l.K{S| 65% »»%
S F GasiE (Trus Cert). 1.0.J7 65% 68%
Bank Stocks —
American Nat Bank 10 122%
Bank of California 28 485
London, Par&Am (Llm) 60 1C0
Street R, R. Stocks— :
Presidio 10- 39
Powder Stocks — i
Glnnt Cons Co 340i 64 67
Sugar StocVs — !
Hana Plantation 4C5! 15c 2.>C
Hawaiian Com & Sugar. 12«i 4.J 4rt
Honokaa Suifar Co 1.070; 12% 13%
Hutchtnson Hugar Plant l.(K>2| 9% 12
Makawel! Surar Co 445j 21 22
Onom«a Sugar Co 64O| 32 32%
Paauhau Sugar Plant'n. 100; 18
Miscellaneous Stocks — f'
Alaska Packers' Assn .. 102 ; 152 156
Cal Fruit Canners' A»sn »W>1 94 »4«i
Cal Wine As*n 1«5| «2»i SMV»
Oceanic .Steamship Co .. 50j ". . «%
Pacifiu Coast Horax Co. btl, I 16i
; California Stock and Oil Exchange
Oil Stock— Bid. Asked.
Alma ". 1 :l5
Apollo 42
Associated Trusr Certificates. 19
Aztec «O
California Standard 11
Caribou 1 00 1 10
I Central Point Con 05 70
fhlcago Crude 19 .20
Claremont 24 ....
Esperanza 1 50 ....
; Four <£>
Fulton 4 00
Giant 20
Hanford 132 00 : 134 0i»
Home 100 103
Imperial 18 00
Independence 17 - 19
Junction VJ ¦
Kern BOO
Kern River 12 50
1Aon 03 04
'Monarch (of Arizona) ...... 50
; Monte Cristo 80 b5
Stock and Bond Exchange.
MONDAY. Nov. 2^2 p. m.
UNITED STATES BONDS.
Bld.Ask.r Bid.Ask.
Is <]r coup...lll%112i..'4s qr new...l.34%i:»
4b Qr reg UlM12%i3s qr coup.. .lo8%10UV4
: MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Ala A W 5s. — — Do 3s — 110
Bay CPC 5s. — 1C5 Do con 5s. — 105
Cal C G 5s.. 104% — O W C G 5s — »7%
Cal C & E g Oceanic S 5s. 75 79
m & ct 5s. — 102% Om C R 6s. — 122%
Cal-st 5s — — iPac B Im 4s — 97
C C Wat 5s. — 100 iPE Ry 5s.. — 1C9
E L & P 6s. 125 — P & C H 6s. — —
F & C H 6s. — 116 IP & O R 6s. 116% —
Geary-st Ss.. 45 80 iPowell-st f*.113% —
H C&S 5%s.l01 — iS E GAR 6s. — 101
HC&S6s..— 100 ,?F & SJV 5s.ll« 117%
Hon R T fls.103%106 S R of C 6s. 112% —
L A Elec 5s. — — S V of A 6s
I, A Ry 5s. .11.1 113% (WOO) .... — —
LALCofis. — — (1010) ....1C$SJ100%
Do gtd 6s. — — S P of C 6s
Do gtd 5s.l02U10S% (19(W)Sr A.102»il02%
LAP lcrn 5s. — 101 OU<».-i)Sr B. — 103%
Mkt-«st C 6S..11R — (I9W) 104%10«
Do lctn 58.112 — (1912) 114 115%
NRR of C es — 107% £PC leg 5s. — —
Do 5s 114% — Do strnpd.106 107
N P C R 69.106 109 S P B R 6S.131H132
N C R 5s.. — 112 S V W «s..lfW%10«V4
N C P C 5s. . — — . Do 4s 2dm. 98 —
N S R R 6s. 100 — ' Do 4s 3dm. 99 —
O O L H 5a. 107 107% Stkn G4E 6a 95 102%
O T Co 6s... 118 119 'U G & E 5s. — 100
WATER STOCKS.
Contra Costa. 41% 45 (Port Costa... — —
Marln Co... 61 — Isp V W Co. 39 30%
GAS AND ELECTRIC.
Cent LAP. 3% 4TJ Sec E G & R — —
Mutual EL.— 11M S P O 4 E. 67% 6.8
Oak G L&H. — — 8 F Gas 3 3%
Pac G Im.. — 65 Stkn G ft E. S —
Pac L Co... 55% — U O & E... — —
TRUSTEES* CERTIFICATES.
SPO&E.- «8
INSURANCE. '
Flrem's Fnd320 — ¦
BANK STOCKS.
Am Nat Bk. — i25 L P A A.... — 170
\nglo-Ca!.. — 95 Mer Trust.. .230 —
Bank of Cal. — 475 Merch Ex... — —
Cal Safe Dp. — 160 S F Nation!. — —
First Natlonl — —
SAVINGS BANKS.
Ger 6 & L. — — Sav & L So. 90 10ft
Hum S & L — — Sec Sav Bk.400 600
Mutual Sav. — — Union T Co. — —
S F Sav U.600 —
STREET RAILROADS.
California .. — 205 (Presidio 38 40%
Geary — 80 I
POWDER.
Giant ...... 66 67% /Vlgorlt — 5
I SUGAR.
Hana P Co.. 5Oc 1 Kllauea 8 C. — 6
Hawaiian C. 43 44% Makawell C. 21% —
Honokaa S C IS — Onomea S C. — 33
Hutch S P C 10 10% Paauhau & C 15 16%
MISCELLANEOUS.
Alaska PacklSl • 152 Oceanic S C. — 7 1 '-
Cal Fruit Aa — 94 Pac A F A. 2% —
Cal Wine As 93 95 Pac C Borx.167 —
Morning Session.
Board —
25 Alaska Packers* Asen 151 37%
10 Spring Valley Water Co 89 00
45 Spring Valley Water Co 38 75
65 Spring Valley Water Co ........ 38 60
$1000 S P Branch Ry C per cent.... 131 75 ¦
Street— - . ¦ .
$9000 S P Branch Ry 6 per cent.... 131 75
Afternoon •??!*»* on.
25 Cal Wins Assn 94 00
10 Hutchinson S P Co 9 75
40 Hutchlnson S P Co...' 10 00
10 S F Gas * Electric Co 68 00
55 Spring Valley Water Co 89 25
$25. COO Los Angeles Ry 6 per cent.... 113 00 '
Occidental of W Va ,... / 18 19
Oil City Petroleum ¦ 27. 28
Peerless 14 00 .
Pittsburg .... 23
Re.ed Ciude 41 -....
S F * McKlttrlck 2 75 ....
San Joaquin O A D 5 75 ....
Senator «... 73
> Sovereign 37 ....
nlflcance. A number of factors conduced to
the extreme dullness. It was a holiday In
lA.ndon and to-morrow will be a holiday nere.
More time was given by brokers to betting
on 10-morroWs election than to the trading in
Mocks. The advancing tendency of the stocks
of New York corporations reflected the views
of operators on the effect of the supposed
outcome of to-morrow's election on the values
of those securitit*. Money continued to go
to the interior the sub-Treasury transferring
*C0u.0u0 to New Orleans and $000,000 to' Chl
i-ajfo. The movement to St. Louis was discon
tinued with a beneficial effect upon sentiment.
The rites for time money hardened decidedly
end not much business was done under 0 per
cent. Call loans, on the contrary, eased nota
bly, and fell to 2 per cent at the last. The
market for foreign exchange was fairly de
moralized and broke violently under offerings
of cotton bills with very light demand for re
mittance. A report which circulated that $1.
ooo.OW in gold had b*en engaged In London
for shipment to New York, although not offi
cially confirmed, waa generally credited, and
formed the basis of an expectation that fur
ther gold would come in. This was the dom
inant influence on the* market, which resulted
in advances reaching about a point on a num
ber of the Pacific*. Amalgamated Copper was
neglected and heavy, presumably on account
of the failure of the mediation committee to
effect a settlement on the Montana trouble.
The advance in money rates continued to
restrict the business In bonds, but prices were
fairly well maintained, gains alternating about
equally with lueses. Total sales. $l,S95,OU0.
United Staten 3s and the old 4a advanced
'* I>er cent on the last call.
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
Stock*— Sales. High. Low. Close.
Atchlson 11,100 «57% «7 67^
Atchieon pfd 30U »<Hi i>0 »O
Baltimore & Ohio.. 4.»<Kt 75*, 74 •£ - 75%
Knit & Ohio pfd « 87»- a
Canadian Pacific. .. 1,200 ¦ 1\K% 11>< ! S» HSfc
Central of K J HAJ. 15SH IB8WJ187
Chesapeake & Ohia. 40o 30',* 3oy 4 3«>4
< hicago 6l Alton.. ! 28%
Chi* Alton pfd... ..... - -^ t>3
i Chi t;reat Western. 4OO 15'-j 15 15%
I Chi G W B pfd lt«> 2«vs 2«T* 2«<H.
I Chicago & N W... ttOO le«% 1«5 1C5^
<'M Term & Trans 9
Chicago T & T pfd 18Va
C. C. C & St Louis 72
Colorado Southern. 10o 13)4 13U 13
Colo South ltt pfd. 100 50>i 55!j 55Mi
<\)lo fc*.»uth 2d pfd.. 2<S0 ZlVt 22H 22 1 *
I IVlaware & Hudson 15>">
Dela. l^ack & Wrst 238
Denver & Rio G... 1,<KX» 1U<« l* 7 s» J«%
Den <fc Rio G pfd. 4W CS t'S 07
Krie 2.:«>0 27% 27>» 27%
Erie 1st pfd 70<t «!r.u, 0U»» tiUhi
Erie 2d pM 1 ( H> 43'i 4:t», 4H« 4
Grf-at Northern pM 160
! Hiicluns . N^UeiU w • ._,.••-•-•.. .-••;•. • • .• • 7^ V*
I Uocklnjf Val pfd S'J
Illinois <Vo«ral . 3,0OO, V-i\% - 130% Wl}4
Iowa Central. ¦.".¦"..'.. ¦ ••• 19 1 .*
Iowa I'^ntral pfd 34
K C Southern 18
K C Southern pfd.. 100 30 30 !kt»/j
I Louis & Nash .'t"0 101% 101 101 V»
i Manhattan 1 4.200 lW* 135% 136>£
MctrapoUum St Ry. 2.H0O 111% llo',* 110%
Minn & Et Loui?.. .....' 45
Missouri Pacific 7.500 i»2»i 91 U \)2%
\ Mis, Kan & Tex.. 1<>O !»>»-. l'i',» H> :t *
M. K & T pfd . 300 35Hi 35% 35»i
Ntl RR of Mex pM S8%
New York Central. "1.500 HO 3 * 119 119'*
Norfolk 4 Western. 200 50*4 50«i 57
Nor & West pfd - . 85
Ontario & Western 20'4
Pennsylvania 27.700 121 120^ 12<)%
P C. C & S.t Louis. J00 CO 00 CO
Reading , 7.000 45«i 45% 45^
Reading 1 Ft pfd TO
Reading, 2d pfd «'l
Rock Island Co ,4.200 25^ 2i% 25V 4
liock Island Co pfd 200 51>\ . Zi)% :.S»* 4
Pt L & S F £>5
.StL& S F lstpfd. «1
StL St'fF 'M -pM. 100- 4«% 46% 46V«
St LouiJi S W 13y»
st i^uis s w pfd. 100 rm* 3t«,j so»*
6t Paul 5.T00 139% 139% 139%
Pt Paul pfd 600 172 172 171V4
Southern Pacific... 4,500 43 [ 42V 4 *2%
Southern Railway. - 500 lSVi 18 1«
Southern Ry pfd ¦ "4T»
Tex*e & Pacific €00 24 23% 23 yi,
T. Pt L & W. . .... ICH
T St L & W pfd.. 100 26 26 25
Urrion ParMflr 8,100 72% 71% 72^
Union Pacific pfd 1 8jVs
WanaFh 000 10*i 19% 19>4
Wabash pfd TOO 34% 32Vi •«%
Wheeling & L E.. 100 15V6 15^ 15
Wisconsin Central.. 100 16V4 16Vi -16»4
Wls Cent pfd .] 100. 35% 35% 34^
Express Companies —
Adams 223
American .......' .... 1SS
ITnitcd States .... --103
W>1!f- Fargo 200
— %
Amnl Coi)per....:.. 19.2M 33% 3S'i G*M
Am Car Ar. Foundry 1.700 21 1U94 20^
Am Car & F ofd.. 500 ' 08%, f C7 . C8
Am UwM Oil ..... 9%
Am Linseed Oil pfd 25
Am Locomotive ... 300 13% 13% 13tf
Am Locomotive pfd 100 78 78 .78
Am fim-lt & Rer 100 43T4 43% 43%
Am Sm & Ref pfd S7Vi
Am Suirar Refining 6.000 116%. 115% llfi%
An«ron<Ja MIn Co.. 100 -04%. '64%'' «5
Brooklyn Rap Tran 16,900 80% 35% 3G%
Colo Fuel & Iron -32
Col & TlT-k Coal 10
Consolidated Gas . 1,000 176 175 - 175%
General Electric .. 100 150 150 150
International Paper 11
Int Parxr rfd " .... .... Cl%
Internatl'>nal Pump ..... .... .... 31
Int Pump pfd ...' C5
National Biscuit 35%
National Lead .... 12
North American .. ..... .... .... 74
Pacific Moil 21
Peoples Gas • 200 94% 84% 04%
Pressed rUerl Car.. 1,600 2RTS 28V* 28
Pressed St Car pfd 100 70 70 C9%
Pullman Pal Car.. 200 216 210 210
Republic Steel ' 7%
Republic Steel pfd. COO C2 61 62
Rubber Goods 300 14% 14% 14%
Rubber Good*, pfd 68
Tenn C<»1 & Iron.. 300 29% 29 29
U S Leather 1,400 8 7% 7%
U S Leather pfd... 40ft 78 77 77%
U S Rubber 200 9% 9% 9»,i
II S Rubber pfd 35
U R Steel 3.6<«) 13% 13U 13%
U B Gtecl pfd 9,800 59 y 4 BS% 89%
Western Union ... 100 S3 JW 83
Total sales ....147.S00
UNITED RAILROADS OP SAN FRANCISCO.
NEW YORK, Nov; 2.— Rond transactions
United Railroads of Fan Francisco: 10 000 at
$77: 10.000 at $70 87%.
NEW YORK BONDS.
U S ref '-'s reg..lO7V4 L & N unlf 4s... 0S%
Do coup 107% Manhat con it 4s.l<r>3s,
Do 3s res 108% Mexican Cen 4s.. 71
Do coup 108% Do 1st inc .... 14%
Do new 4s reg.134% Minn & St I. 4s.. »7
Do coup 134% M K A T 4s..... Ogii
Do old 4s reg..lll% Do 2ds 70%
Do coup lllji Nt of Mex coo 4s. 74
,Do 8s re«r . ...lOlVi N Y Cen en 3%s. &>%
Do coup 101% N. J Cen sen Bs.lTO'i
Atchlson sen 4s. 100% Northern Pac 4s.. 102%
D*> adjUFt 4s.. S«% Do 3s 70
Atlantic C L 4s.. 01% Norf & W r con 4s, 0C%
Bait & Ohio 4t,.100% Or S L 4 t it part. 91%
Do 3%s 05% Penn conv S%s. . »5%
Central of Ga. 6s. 104% Reading gen 4s.. 9ft%
Do 1st Inc .... 04 St L&I M con 5f.110%
Ch^s & Ohio 4%s.lO0% StLfrSFfe 4s.. 82
Chi & Alton 3%s. 74 f-t L S W lsts... 02%
1- n & Q new 4«. 04% Seaboard A L 4s. 67%
C M&St P gen 4s.llO Southern Pac 4s. 87%
C & N W con "s.131 Southern Ry 5s.. 113
,C H I 4 P it..... 71 1/4 Texas & Pac lsts.llff%
Do col Ss ..... 74% Tol St L. & W 4s. 69
CCCASt L gen 4s. 87 Union PacJfic 4s>102%
Chi Terminal 4s. 74% Do conv 4s . .'. 04%
Con Tobacco 4s.. S5 US Steel 2d On.. «9%
Colo & South 4s. 86 U'abaeh lsts ....113%
Denver & R G 4s W>% Do deb B 57
Brie prior lien 4s. 0$% W & L Krie 4s..' 00
Do gen 4s 83% Wisconsin Cen 4s. K)%
Ft W 4 D C lstf.109 C F * I con 5s.. 71
Uocktaff Val iHs.KW'i f ' ,
EVAPORATED APPLES— The market con
tinues quiet with attractive fruit in light sup
ply and the demand moderate. Common are
quoted at 4@5V4c; prime. 5?'s<S0c; choice, OVi 1 ??
«i%c; fancy. 7c.
• PRUNES — Are Ktill in fair demand and for
export, but domestic needs t*eem small and the
market is rather easy in tone. Quotation*
range from :iV,(alc for nil grades.
APRICOTS— Are fairly active and the mar
ket strong. Choice are quoteiLat QhiQVhbc.
PEACHES — Also are In fair r«-q.u«at and
firm. Choice are held at Thi<&~%c; extra
choice, 7?i»SSViC; fancy. 9V4<Q10V4c.
WOOL— Firm.
COFFEE — Spot Rio, firm; No. 7 Invoice,
GVsc; mild, steady. Futures closed etpady. net
l6|f20 points lower. Salws were 102.000 bagx.
including: November. 5.50<S5.00c; December.
£>.«r»(&5.75c; January, 5.75(g5.8Oc; March. 5.95
@0.O5e; May. tUOig 6.25c.
SUGAR— Raw, steady. Refined, steady.
\ DRIED FRUITS.
I BOND and STOCK SALES. |
Chutes Company 7 50 ....
Cypress Lawn Imp Co 6 5O 7 25
Fischer's Theater 2 00 2 60
Gas Consumers' Assn 22 50
Honolulu Sugar 14 23
Northern Cal Power 9 00
Sterling •¦ 2 jg
Superior ™ _ °^
Thlrty-thre« * 00 7 30
Tolteo M » 21
Twenty-eight * 25 , ••••
West Shore 2W ••••
Miscellaneous —
Abby • I^and & Improvement. 1 35 1 43
Alameda Sugar- 2* 00
American Biscuit &500
American District Trt ••••
Cal Gas & Electric Corp ••••
Cal Cotton Mills 8S 00 ....
California Jockey Club 103 00
California Shipping Co 23 00
Cal Title Ins * Trust 130 00 140 00
Central Bank of Oakland... CO 00 ....
WHEAT— It was a holiday at Paris, anrl
Liverpool futures /showed no. change. Th*
world's shipments for the week were as fol
lows, in quarters: Russian, 477,000; Danubian,
lOO.oOO; Argentine, 10.000: Indian, 74,000.
The American visible supply decreased 16S,
000 bushels, which wan a surprise to the trade
in Chicago, as It was received as a very un
usual thing at this season of the year.- One
report snid:>;.'"We do not remember such- a
large decrease in October before." Otherwise
there was nothing new from Chicago, the mar
¦ ket remaining: unchanged.
In this market a good demand (or milling
was reported, with the country holders keep- ¦
'ing back th^r stocks. There Is not much-do
] Ing on shipping account.
i Stocks in regular warehouses and on wharf
November Xs were 47,7S« tons, against 51,312
; tons October; 1.
i .. 7 CASH WHEAT,
i California Club. $1 40<&-l 45; California White
i Australian, jfl 6U&1 55; Northern Club, $1 40
i fel -»:!><,• Northern Ulue Stem, $1 Stliftjl 55; Ore
gon Valley, $1 40@l 45 per ctl.
i FUTURES.
Session 9 to' 11:80 a. m.
Open. High. Ix>w. Close.
December ...fl $1 42 $1 42 $1 42
May 1 31)14 1 S»tt 1 "i>Mi 1 3U',,
j 2 p. m. Session.
i December— $1 o'.»U.
1 BARLEY — Trading was quiet yesterday
: morning and prices showed no appreciable
1 change. s
' Stocks on wharf and in regular warehouses
! November 1 were C0,:it;5 ton», agatnxt 71,407
I tons October 1.
< CASH BARLEY. - •
Feed $1>'13&<&1 Ki'.'-i V Shipping and- Brewing
$1 2ii@i 22'i; CnevalU-r, $1 2O&1.45 for fair to
; choice. -, ' v
FUTURES.
«er.slon l> to 11:80 a. m.
No tah-a.
: 2 p. m. Session.
No Bales.
¦ OATS— Continue quiet, with ample stocks.
The tone Is steady and the old familiar quota
; tlons Ftill rule.
i Stocks In regular warehouse!* November 1
were O47S tons, against OOtiO tons October 1.
White ¦ $1 20W1 •YiVi: Black. $1 4WRI 0*14;
Red $l-2t5@l 25 for feed ami $1 25@1 36 for
t>eed; Uia», $1 22Vj©1 27»a per ctl.
CORN— The market continues inactive . and
i unchanged. Some damp large yellow gold at
' $1 ;«5. Dry lots would bring $1 40.
! Stocks in regular warehouses November 1
j were 29 1 tons, against 474 tons October 1.
I Western sacked. $1 Sogil 32^4 for Yellow,
? $1 3061 .'i2'4 for White and $1 30 for mixed;
! California larK* Yellow, $1 3G@1 40; small
! round do. nominal; White, $1 35Q;1 40 per ctl.
¦ HYE— $1 25®1 30 per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— $2 25© 2 50 per ctl.
Wheat and Other Grains.
Silver and Stirling -Exchange are. lower. Do
mestic Exchange is unchanged.'
Sterling Exchange. CO days.. — $4 81 *i
Sterling Exchange, sight. ....... — \ 485
Sterling Exchange, cables — 4 80
New \tork Exchange, Bight — O2&
New York Exchange, tele*raDhlc. — 05
Silver, per ounce — 59^
Mexican Dollars '. 46 @ 40ft
Exchange and Bullion.
No New York Exchanges in session to-day.
Wall-street stocks about a point higher, with a quiet market.
Continued inactivity on our local Exchanges.
Silver and Sterling Exchange lower.
Country holders keeping back their Wheat.
Barley quiet and steady at previous prices*
Moderate sales of Oats and Corn. Rye quiet.
Hay and Feedstuff s steady, with increased receipts of tlie latter.
Beans still weak, with sufficient arrivals.
£gg s moving off better at the lozcer prices.
BtUtcr and Cheese in good supply and unchanged.
Provisions still quiet, here and elsewhere.
Hogs -firmer in the West, but unchanged here.
Potatoes in large receipt and quiet.
Two cars of Western Poultry marketed. Game steady.
Fczv changes in the Fruit market.
Demand for Lumber rather less up north.
SUMMARY. OF THE MARKETS.
NEW YORK MINING STOCKS.
Adams Con .... 10 Little Chief .... 07
Alice 14 Ontario 4 60
Breec* 10 Ophlr 135
Brunswick Con.. 04 Phoenix 08
Comatock Tun . . 05Vi Potosi 13
Con Cal A Va...l 00 Savage 18
Horn Silver ....1 00 Sierra Nevada .. 30
Iron Silver ....1 80 -. Small Hopes ... 16
Lead villa Con .. 02 IStandard 2 00
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money — i.AVestnghse Com. 67
Call loans 3$3% Mlnlnc—
Time loans . ...G®6 Adventure 4
Bonds— Alloues 4%
Atchlson 4s 94% Amalgamated .... 33 Vi
Mexican Cen 4s.. 68 Daly West 37?*
Railroads — Blngham 22 Vj
Atrhison 67% Calumet & H 460 ,
Atchison pfd 90 | Centennial 1*5% i
Boston A Albany 24S Copper Range 47% !
Boston & Maine.170 Dom Coal ".. 74
Boston Elev ...140% Franklin 8
N N II & H....135 Isle Royale 6#
Fftchburg pfd las . Mohawk 37
t T nlon Pacific ... 72% Old Dominion .... 11
Mexican Central. 93% Osceola . v B"^
Miscellaneous — Parrot 18h
American Sugar.. 116% Qulncy 83
Amer Sugar pfd.H9»4 Santa Fe Cop 2
Amer T & Tel...l28U'Tainarack 90
Dom Iron & S.... 8VilTrlnlty 6%
General Elec .... 14% United States .... 17>,4
! Mass Electric ... 19 Utah 27'-i
Mass Elec pfd.... 77% Victoria .•- 2ft
United Fruit .... l»8 Wlnona 8
US Steel 13% Wolverine 64
U S Steel pfd .... 59
New York Grain and Produce.
NEW YORK, Nov. 2.— FLOUR— Receipts,
S7.5Wi barrels; exports. 22.160 barrels. Quiet
but firm
WHEAT— Receipts '136.5CO bushels: exports.
87,804 bushels. Spot steady ; No. 2 red. 87«,»e
elevator; No. 2 red, 87%e f. o. b. afloat; No.
1 Northern Duluth 82 %e f. o. b. afloat; No.
1 hard Manitoba, nominal. Options displayed
early strength to-day on the bullishness of the
weekly statistics, better cables and room trad-
Ing, closed unchanged from Saturday. May,
8314 c; December closed 87c.
HOPS— Steady.
! HIDES— Steady. ->
South Eureka Mining Company has levied
an assessment of 2c per share, amounting to
$6000.
The Sierra Nevada Mining Company haa
levied an assessment of 10 cents, delinquent
December 8.
Semi-annual Interest on the following bonds:
Honolulu Rapid Transit and Land 6s. North
Shore Railroad 6s' Sacramento Electric, Gas
and Railway 6s. Southern Pacific . Railroad of
California first consolidated guaranteed gold
Cs of .1937 and stamped 6b of 1905-1937. Spring
Valley Water second mortgage 4 per cent bonds
also paid quarterly interest.
The California Wine Association has declared
a regular monthly dividend of 60 cents per
share, payable November 10.
The Alaska Packers' Association has declared
a regular monthly dividend of $1 per share,
payable November 12.
Giant Powder Company has declared divi
dend No. 59 of .50. cents a share.
Ex-dlvidend yesterday: Plttsbnrjr Otl. 2Hc
amounting to $6000; Pacific Coast Company,
quarterly dividends of IVi P*r cent on com
mon and preferred stock.
Ex-coupon: Quarterly interest on the United
States 4 per cent bonds of 1923 and the 3 per
cents of 1908. i
The only fluctuation worthy of note was in
Spring Valley Water, which sold lower at $"?0@
88 50 on the morning session and recovered to
$39 23 in the afternoon. All classes of stocks
were dull. Alaska Packers sold at $151 37H-
New Jersey Cranberries are slightly higher.
Coos Bay stock Is firmly held, but moves slowly.
Strawberries and Raspberries were in light re
ceipt and cleaned up promptly at firmer price*..
Prices of Huckleberries were maintained under
moderate arrivals and a steady demand. Re
ceipts of table Grapes In crates were large, but
cleaned up well under a good demand for ship
ment on the Puget Sound steamer. Fine Tokay
and Cornlchon sold up to 85c per crate, while
prices of the flther varieties ranged from COc to
75c. Receipts of large boxes from Martinez and
other sections were light and cleaned up well
at firmer rates. The top quo:ation was obtalnej
only for the Muscat variety, 91 25 being the top
for other kinds. Small boxes were In good re
quest for local use and steady. There was a
good movement In fancy and choice Apples, but
stocks were too large to Dermlt any Improve
ment in prices. Trashy stock was neglected.
Good Winter Nelli! Pears were in small supply
and firmer, while Inferior quality offerings were
plentiful arid dull. The other tree fruits had
but little change. Receipts of Nutmeg Melons
were moderate and good stock was In fair re
quest. The season for Cantaloupes Is practi
cally ended and the quotations are omitted. A
carload of Valencia Oranges was marketed, but
moved slowly owing to the cool weather. New
crop Navel Oranges and Grape Fruit were of-'
fering. but were neglected by buyers. . Other-"
wise there was nothing new to report.
STRAWBERRIES — Longworths. $10@12 per
chest; large berries, $L'i<:i 00 -for MallnJas and
9-KffO for the other varieties. • ¦
¦RASPBERRIES— $3® 6 per chest.
HUCKLEBERRIES — 8&9c per lb.
CRANBERRIES— Cape Cod. to arrive,
$1125: Jerseys. Fpot. $10 75 per bbl; Cooa
Bay. $2 5O@3 per box.
APPLES— 90c(fi$l 23 per" box- for fancy, 50®
85c for good to choice and 25@40c for common.
PEARS — Bartletts. $1 25: winter varie
ties 4u®75c- per .box for common and $1@1 50
for Winter Nellis. . ..
QUINCES— 4iHff60e per box.
FIGS— 75cj?$l per box.
. POilBGHANA'i'E?-^r76@85c for small boxes
and $1 75^2 50 for large. j*| . '
PKHSIMMONH— 7&c<u«l 23 »er box or crate.
PLUMS — Coe's late red, OOtfOr.c oer box.
GRAPES— ISO<g40c for small boxes. COSSoo
for crates and 75c@$l 50 for large open boxes;
Wine Grapes, $12#1S per ton.
NUTMEG MELONS— 50®75c per box. •
CITRUS FRUITS — Valencia Oranges. $1 60<g<{
per box; Lemons, $162 60 per box; Grapo Fruit.
*l BOtfi'2 50; Mexican Limes. $404 50; Bananas,
$1 50<g2 per bunch for Hawaiian and |:> 2W/,:
for Central American; Pineapples, $2@2 00 per
dozen.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits
Bran, sacks *... 2.123'Wtne; ffals ....-75.800
Middlings, sacks 1,470- Brandy, gals ... 3.50O
Hay, tons 703 Chicory, bbls . . 31
Shorts, sacka .. 200 1 Lime, bbls. ...... 317
OREGON. .•
Flour, qr sks .. e.ll.V! Brau. sks 8,27*
Oats, ctla 800lMlddllng«, sks.. 600
Potatoes, eka .. 3, 200 1
13>i«s for select mild new and 11@12» for lower
grades; Young Americas, 13^@14c; Eastern.'
15H®16Kc; Western. 14©15c per lb.
EGGS — Ranch, 40@48c; store, nominal:
cold storage, 27%@30c; Eastern. 23@30c for
fresh and 25@30c for cold storage. i
|THE SAN FRANCISCO CAL.t. TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 3, % 1903.
STOCK MARKET.
SEATTLE. Nov. 2. — Clearings, $601,935; bal
ances. 9131.760. i -
TACOMA, Nov. 2. — Clearings, 9429,943; bal
ances, $C2.107. _ «
PORTLAND. Nov. 2.— Clearings, 1879.139;
balances. $114.01)1.
SPOKANE. Nov. 2.— Clearings, $564,389, bal
ances, $82,789.
LOCAL MARKETS.
Northern Business.
TACOMA, Nov. 2. — Wheat— Steady; un
changed. Bluestem. 82c; Club. 78a.
PORTLAND. Nov. 2. — Wheat— Walla Wal
la, 75c; Bluestem, 79c; Valley. 78o. \-
WASHINGTON.
'OREGON.
Northern Wheat Market;
Flour, qr sks . . . 15.040 Feed, sucks .... EOO
Wheat, ctls .... 3.«50 Straw, tons .... 20
Barley, ctls 6,740 Hops,' bales .... 15S
Oats t>0 Wool, bales .... S25
Corn, ctls 7»2 Tallow, ctls ..... ' 243
Rye. ctls 5-S5 Pelts, No 30
Beans, sacks ... 8,5.1.1 Hides, No. . F ... 601
Screenings, sks.. 3.200,sugar, ctls 2,390
Broom corn 361 Raisin*, bxs ... 1,600
Potatoes, sks .. 8,010 Quicksilver, flka 4<»
Onions, sacks .. TIT' Leather, rolls . lS'J
FOR MONDAY, NOVEMBER 2.
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
13
AUCTION SALES
CLOSING-OUT SALE
OF THE
HOFFMOIMD STABLE
615 ELLIS ST.. NEAR LARKIN.
THURSDAY, MOV. 5, 1903,
Commencing at 11 o'clock a. m.
On account of the clcslng out of this stab!*
I will sell ON THE PREMISES. 45 driving and
work horses, 17 wagons and buggies, harness,
stable and efflce fixtures, etc., without reserve.
Terms cash. This is a splendid opportunity for
seeker* after flne roadsters and thoroughly bro-
ken business horses.
WILLIAM O. LAYNO.
' Livestock Auctioneer.
j{\_ Just arrl*e<J. a lot of GOOD, CHEAP
HORSES and will b» sold at auction
TUESDAY. Nov. 3. 11 a. m. at 1140 Folsom
st. ; also a large assortment of surreys,
wagons, rubber tired road and business bug-
gies. 100 sets single and doubla harness.
fe £* -£a
AUCTION BALE of 40 all purposes horses
and mares. WEDNESDAY. November 4. at 11
am ARCADE HORSE MARKET. 827 Sixth
atreet. JOHN J. DOYLE. Auctioneer.THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 3. 1903.
14
HELP "WANTED — MALE Continued.
A— MURRAY & READY 634-636 Clay St.
Phone Main 5848.
Leading Employment and , Labor Agents.
1902 we rave 1903 we'll rlv«
45,000 men work 60,000 men work.
ARIZONA -
» ARIZONA '—
OREGON. NEVADA.
Southern Pacific and Santa Fe systems; free
pass.
On Every Train.
Section hands, muckers, drillers, extra rans*.
teamsters, hammersmen.
'Farm and orchard hands $30. $35. $40. fd.;
milkers, . $30 to $50 found.
Stablemen, city, country Jobs. $30 to $60.
8C5 woodehoppers.
287 tlemafcerB.
Cooks. "Walters. Porters.
. Cooks, hotels restaurants camps, mines and
ranches, city and country, $30 to $70 found.
Waiters, city and country. $2* to $45 found.
Butchers, different Jobs, $40 to $90 found.
Located Everywhere.
Laborers and teamsters, city and country,
many in San Francisco. $2 25.
6 Black coopers. »c; 6 cabinetmaker*.
TO FRESNO TO-DAY.
15 laborers, lumber company. $40 to $88 fd.
Cook and wife, country hotel, fare paid, $7*.
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay at.
SPECIAL.
Cheesemaker and milker, country, $40 found.
8 Jackscrewers, free fare, $50 and found.
Married milker, $40; 3 woodchoppers, $4
cord.
Farmer and wife, Colusa County, $50 fd.
Foreman dairyman, wife cook.
Grocery clerk, $00.
Gardener, vegetables, flowers, $40.
Cook, city bakery. $18 a week.
Trackman, lumber company, free fare, |40
and found.
Painter, country. $2 B0 day.
4 rigging pullers or linemen, lumber com-
pany, $40 found; saloon porter, city, $12 wk.
2 spool tenders.
Buggy washer, etc.. city, $15 week.
Blacksmith and tool sharpener. Artrona, $4
day.
' 2 painters, outside. $2 B0 to $3 day.
Cook and baker, for both. $75 ajid found.
Pipefitter, factory, country, $3 day.
Old man as baker, institution, $25 and fd-
6 pruners, orchard, $20 and found.
Man cut meat. Institution, $30 and found.
2 'elevator boys, city, $10 and found.
Furniture man, packer and shipper, $2 50
day. ~
Cook and wife, country hotel, $75.
MURRAY & READY. C34 and 636 Clay.
MARRIED.
Cook and wife, country hotel, $75 and found.
Dairyman and wife, $50 nnd found.
Choreman and wife, 5 men, $40 and found.
Married farmer, $40 and found.
Married milker, $40 and house.
Farmer and wife, Colusa County ranch, $50
and found.
MURRAY & READY. 634 and 636 Clay.
AT "E. & B." R. R. Labor Agency.
638 Commercial st.
Free Fare — Free' Fare.
50 tunnel men. $2 50 to $3 day.
B0 muckers and drillers, $2 to $2 BO a day.
100 laborers, $2. a day.
Long Job; eight months' work.
Free fare^ — Ryndon, Nevada.
"E v & B." It. R. LABOR AGENCY.
638 Commercial st.
ANDRE'S office, 817 Stockton St.— Butler, $40;
assistant butler, $35: gardener and do chores,
country. $26; teamster for nuwery, $14 a
week; kitchen hands, $20 to $30; omnibus, $25.
A MAN of lndomUable energy and push, a good
talker, eager xm make money. F. PERSON,
477 and 47S lyxrott building.
MEN to learn the barber trade; flrst-class in-
structions guaranteed. 611 Commercial st.
WANTED — First-class confectioner on cakes;
good salary; state references. Box 2008, Call.
WANTED— Oyster man. 469 Seventh St., Oak-
land.
BARBER shop, 3 chairs; living rooms; low
rent. Corner Hyde and Geary sts.
BARBER shop wanted In good country town.
Box 2007. Call office.
LOCAL firms desiring Eastern representation.
Address A. J. Co., box 2012, Call office.
BRIGHT, neat boy wanted In wholesale hard-
ware house. Box 2010,' Call office.
PAINTERS wanted — Flrst-class men at 463
Geary st., bet. Mason and Taylor stB.
A YOUNG man to work In a coal yard; state
wages required. Box 26S0, Call, office.
DISHWASHER wanted at 434 Fifth St.
WANTED — Dishwasher at New Golden Gate
Hotel. 164 Fourth st.
BOOTBLACK wanted at 202 Fourth st.
GOOD lathers wanted. $4 50 per day; eteady
work. Address C. F. MARS, Fresno.
TRY our men's shoes, union made, at $1 and
$1 50 per pair, foot-form shoes at $2 50. or
orthopedic shoes. $3 50;best Bhoes on earth. 11
Third Bt., Exam bldg., 5 doors from Market.
FIRST-CLASS porter at 152 East st, the Mono-
gram.
TRY our men's shoes, union made, at $1 and
$1 50 pair; foot-form shoes at $2 50; we pay
express or mail chrgs. .11 3d st.. Exam. bid.
MANAGER wanted at once to represent and
advertise an old established house of solid
financial standing; salary $20 weekly; ex-
penses paid In advance each Monday by check
direct from headquarters; permanent posi-
tion and good chance for advancement; good
references and security required. Box 271,
Sacramento, Cal.
WANTED — For U. S. Marine Corps, able-
bodied unmarried men. between 21 and 35;
good character; must speak, read and write
English; marines serve at sea on men-of-
v.'ar In all parts of the world, on land in our
Island possessions, and at naval stations In
the United States. Apply at recrutting of-
fice, 40 Ellis st.. San Francisco. Cal.. and
401 K et.. Sacramento. Cal.
MEN to learn barber trade; only 8 weeks re-
quired; special offer this month; catalogue
and full Information mailed free. MOLER
SYSTEM COLLEGE. 635 Clay st.
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkln. Reno House proprietor, has
added 100 new rooms to the Denver House,
217 Third st. ; 250 rooms; 25c to BOc per night.
PENSION ATTY.'M. HARRIS. 40 Ellis St.; 14
years' practice; references from thousands of
persona for whom I have secured pensions.
ACTIVE boy of 16 or 18 for wholesale house.
Box 775, Call.
COATMAKER for country. Apply REISS
BROS. & CO.. 24 Sutter St.
SAILORS and ordinary seamen for Europe and
Australia, HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart st.
BARBER shop for sale; 2 hydraulic chairs.
Address box 141, Yuba City.
McDONALD & PERRY have a large etock of
new and eecond-hand shoes; cheap. 239 3d st.
MEN to learn barber trade: catalogue mailed.
S. F. Barber School. 741A Howard st.
PENSION atty. E. A. Bullls. room 40, Phelan
bldg. Past Com. Geo. H. Thomas Post, G.A.R.
WINCHESTER Hotel, 44 Third St., near Mar-
ket — 700 rooms. 35c night; reading rooms;
free 'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call Branch dfflce, cor. Duncan & Church sts.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1090
Valencia at.
ALL sizes men's shops, slightly damaged, half
price. B63 Mission St., bet. 1st and 2d sts.
GET your shoes half soled while waiting; 25c
to 50c. 503 Mission St.. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
HORSES AND WAGONS.
HARNESS and saddles, the best for the money,
at JEPSEN BROS. CO., Inc.. the big store,
1145-1147 Market St., San Francisco.
BELLING out — 20 horses, 30 wagons, surrles,
bugrgi»s and carts, 40 sets harness. Corner
Fifteenth and Shotwell sta. .
TWELVE horses for sale at Twenty-second and
Florida sts. -
TWO-TON express wagon, cheap; fine saddle
donkey. $20. 79 City Hall ave. .;.¦-.:¦¦¦¦:
MUST be sold at a sacrifice; 5 goods horses. 327
Sixth st. V
Al EXPRESS wagon, light camping wagon
and gocart for sale cheap. 632 Mission st.
Largest assortmt 2-hand wagons, buckb'd, sur-
rey.harnegs. work.drlving horses. 15th-Valencia
HOUSES TO LET.
A — PRINTED list of houses to let; send for cir-
cular. G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery.
A— HOUSES and flats to let; an Immense list-
service absolutely /free; take advantage of
this department: it will save you time and
trouble. Cordes Furniture Co., 245-259 Geary
et., on the square. *
MODERN residence of 8 rooms and bath- verv
sunny; 3710 Clay st. Apply MADISON &
BURI^E. 30 Montgomery it. J "^"^°"^ *
CASTRO, 809 — 9 sunny rooms, bath. lanre
basement, yard, garden. Key 811.
"?O U lFLaVna r T:%e b y yU a Lrni a sT^f
B fo F ?e R .f ffl&ff r^a'^T
HOUSES FUB.N1SHED~.FOK SALE.
POST. 583— Furniture, of 6 rooms; house with
basement and bath. >nnlv afur noon.
FLATS TO LET — FURNISHED.
B-ROOM furnished new upper flat.', to let; new
furniture; bath; hot and cold water; modern;
for gentlemen. 221 Xaylor st.
FLAT. 3 furnished rooms and bath, for house-
keeplng. 1717 Webster st. ; $22 SO; ty children.
POLK. 1402— Upper sunny flat; bath and gas
free; rent reasonable. tr
HELP XV ANTED FEMALE.
WANTED — Cook, no washing, $33; Institution
cook, $M>; 3 cooks, $30-$35; parlor maid, $30;
4 second girls, $20-$25; second girl, Menlo
Park. $23- dining-room girls, sanitarium, $20;
bell girl, $15; 2 waitresses, country, hotel, $25;
3 hotel waitresses, $2<>-$25; cook and second
girls, same house, $30-$25; cook, students,
$28;. cook, small hospital, J30; nUrse, child.
4 years old, $25; German nurse girl, $25, and
40 house girls; places too many to advertise.
Call. J. F. CROSETT & CO., 334 Sutter st.
A SECOND girl, $30; woman to oook for 8
men. $;»0; house girl, $30; chambermaid, $25;
waitress, $25; 6 cooks, $30; nurse- girl, $25;
laundress. $25. MRS. NORTON. 313 Sutter.
A — Girls to learn millinery now for fall season;
both seasons taught from start to finish In 1
'month for $10; positions as trimmers, sales-
ladies, etc.. guaranteed at $10 per week up;
day and evening class. 143 Stockton st., r. 13.
A — WANTED — Girls to learn haii-dr«8sing,
manicuring, etc.; trade taught from A to Z
in 2 weeks; $5 to. those entering now; 3 po-
sitions to fill Immediately; positions guaran-
teed at $10 per week up; leading school In
West. 233 Geary E t.. room 13.
A — LADIES to. learn all branches hatrdresslng
trade; manicuring, massage, eta, 1236 Mar-
ket «t., cor. Jones, room 94; positions secured
et highest wages; day and eve. class; call.
CASHIER for first-class restaurant: experience
required; no fee. Apply 9 a. m. to 12 m.. Res-
taurant Keepers' Association, 6 Eddy St.,
room 46.
IMPROVERS and apprentice at fine dress-
making; good pay while learning. J. MON-
AHAN.j4U Mason st. "
FINISHERS and operators on vests. 339 Kear-
ny St.. room 11.
GIRLS for bookblndery; Inexperienced paid
while learning. 632 Market Bt., C. CLUNDT.
WANTED — Experienced saleslady for veiling
department. MARKS BROS.. 1220 Market st.
WANTED— Girl to work In bakery. 330 Third
street.
WANTED— Good restaurant waitress; wages $3
a week; one day off. 7 Taylor st.
WANTED — Mangle hands. The French Laun-
dry Co.. 3372 Mission St.
A GIRL to assist In housework and cooking;
email family; $15. 1808 O'Farrell st. ,
WAITRESS wanted at 1792 Mission st.
GIRL for second work. 2344 Sutter '"st.
BEWINO MACHINE OPERATORS AND RIV-
ETERS; NO EXPERIENCE NECESSARY;
PAID SALARY. LEVI STRAUSS & CO.'S
FACTORIES, 32Vi FREMONT ST. AND 1873
MISSION. NEAR FIFTEENTH. >
A LADY of indomitable energy to make money
and a convincing: talker. F. PERSON, 477
and 47S Parrott bulldtnir.
YOUNG girl to assist with housework. - Call In
the morning, 13C2 Geary st.
EXPERIENCED arm waitress, also a relief
waitress, wanted: good pay. 631 Clay st.
TALENTED amateur performers. Apply . at
Chutes tt p. m. Wednesday; salary no object.
BRIGHT, -neat. Industrious boy or .girl, 10 to
20, stenographer desiring to study law. for
law office In country; waces fair. Address
box' 20, Call. In handwriting.
WOMAN of executive ability for a permanent
position; must be able to furnish security.
Box S00. Call office.
FINISHERS on ladles' tailoring; experienced
only; $10 and $12 weekly. GLUCK. 13S3
Geary st.
CIGARETTE makers wanted: learners taken;
eteady work: good wages. The John Bollman'
Co., corner Front and Pacific sts.
QIRLS about 15 for factory work: xxod wages.
Apply at once. AMES & HARRIS. 100 Sac-
ramento st.
COAT and uleeve hands: also* operator and
stock girl. MULRONEY. 110 Geary Et.
Wanted — Stenographer who can also play piano.
Hoover Physical Culture, 1839 Fillmore st.
FIRST-CLASS stenographers furnished. Miss
M. O. Barrett. Instructor. 302 Montgomery.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions .received at
Call Branch office, cor. Duncan & Church sts.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and iilbscrtptlons
received at Call branch office, 2200 Fillmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisement^ and
subscriptions has been established at' 109d
Valencia st.
gEijpvtrAjyTiEff^
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S Employm't Office
429 Bush St 642 Clay St.
State of Nevada Board $4.60 week
COO laborers $2
Absolutely Free Fare for All Above.
Stableman, private place, city, $35; coach-
man and stableman, country, $30.
Head waiter $50
Bakej-, $55 board; helper, $15 found, city;
barkeeper, city, $50 board; pantryman, $30;
dishwasher and waiter, same country hotel,
$25-$30; broilers, fryers, porters, waltert,
kitchen hands, bell, elevator boys, $15-575;
cook, small restaurant, $12 week.
C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S Employra't Office,
429 Bush St C42 Clay Bt.
MAN to care for chickens, etc., private place.
$25; milker. $40 and found, call early; gar-
dener, $30; laborer and wife for mine, $f>4
and found; 2 farmers and wives, $45 and $50
and found; farmers, $25 and found; man
about place. $.'!0 and found;' laborers, $2
day; woodchoppers, $1 50 cord; coopers and
others. J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 628 Sacra-
mento st.
COOK and helper, country hotel, $80 and.
found; oysterman. $40 and board; kitchen
man for mine, $25 and found; porter and
runner for country hotel, $30 and found;
waiters, country hotel, $30 and found: boy
for housework and others. J. F. CROSETT
& CO.. U2S Sacramento st.
AT S. F. EMP. BITREAU, 17 Fourth st. — All
points Nevada free fare to-day. Laborers and
rockmen, city, $2 25 day; 10' lumber pliers,
$1 50 and found; swampers, spool-tenders,
timber fellers; man to prune trees, near city;
solicitors, this office, good ""chance. Butte
County, ship to-day, fee $1. : Call early: lots
of work for all. S. F. ElMP. BUREAU.
Phone Grant 26.
A SECOND cook for a State'lnstltutlon,-$40
and found. Call at MISS PLUNKETT'S, 423
Sutter St., near Powell.-
A— HOTEL GAZETTE. 20 Montgomery, r. 12.
. Chef, $C0; vegetable man. $30; baker, $50;
Janitor. $25; bell boy. $15. i
WANTED — An experienced, reliable clerk for '
liquor store; good wages and prospects for p
rlieht party; applicants give; age, experience I
and references from former) employers. Ad-
dross S. M., box 620, Sacramento, Cal.
WANTED — Trustworthy man,\for light work;
steady place;, good wages; must put up |15U
cash. Inquire 55 Third st.,-;room 1. , ¦
WHY pay big prices to have your shoes half- I
soled when you can get It done for 25c, BOc
and 60c. while you wait at 563 Mission St., ¦
etb, 1st and 2dets., or 11 Third at. T . j
DCSIJfESS CHANCES — .Contlnqed.
FOR sale— Furniture, carpets and good will of
a new brick apartment-house of 175 rooms,
in the city's ewellest locality; partly fur-
* nlshed, and slthough Just opened Is over half
tilled with regular tenants already: long
lease- if you want an apartment-house don t
fail to ret particulars of this at rooms 1404
and 1405. Call building.
$1400 — HOTEL with good bar trade in rood
country town near Oakland. P. C. LASSEN
& CO.. 480 Tenth St.. Oakland. Cal.
BAKERY for sale at 1550 Church St.; rood
business: all store trade; owner going East.
PARTNER in first-class saloon. Inquire at
1898 Howard st.
LODGING-HOUSES FOB SALE.
A ROOMING-HOUSE snap; 18 rooms in a fine
location; Just furnished new; if you take it
quick the price wilk be only $1950; don't
overlook this offer; there's nothing in town
to beat it. Apply H. S. RANSON, 957 Mar-
ket st.
DOWNTOWN furnished house of 0 rooms for
sale cheap. Inquire CCS Geary st.
10- ROOM house; offer wanted. 208 Eddy st.
~~ COLLECTION OFFICES^
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO.. 416 Montgomery, rooms. 9-10: tel. 5586.
COTTAGES TO LET.
COTTAGE of S rooms,- furnished. 1106 Ala-
bama St.
CBEPIT CIiOTHISB3. «W
C. F. ADAMS CO.
SPECIAL CREDIT STORE.
We clothe the whole family from hats to
shoes: everything up to date at cash prices.
Credit for all. 318 Mason «t.
8PI HITU ALISM.
MRS. CLARA U. MYERS, psychic, of New
York City is forming classes for occult stud-
lts and development; Man., Wed., Frl. 8 p.
m.; trance readinc dally. 10 to 5. 17S2 Sutter.
PROF. Fred P. Evans, noted psychic for slate-
writing and clairvoyance: ftamp for circular.
1112 Eddy et., nr. Octavla; phone Scott 887.
ELSIE REYNOLDS' materializing seance
Tuesday eve., 8 o'clock, BOc. 32S Ellie st.
1IRS. HARLAND'S circles evenings; to-night,
10c; builness readings dally, COc, $1. 148 6th.
W. G KEEGAX holds test eeances every night
except Sat.. 10c; sit., 10 to 5. 148 Sixth Bt.
MME. YOUNG'S convincing test clr. to-night,
10c; private readings daily. 619 McAllister.
MRS MOOR, 10C4 McAllister; test Wed. and
Fri. eve.: 10c; reading, ladles. 25c; gents, BOc.
EDWARD EARLE. 1052 Ellis, readings dally.
9:30 to 4; seances Sunday and Thursday.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
MY Regular $3 Reading* This Week for
$1 $1 $1 $1 $1 $1 $1 $1
> PROFESSOR PAUL DESTINE.
The First Registered Trance Clairvoyant and
Palmist Ever in San Francisco.
I do hereby solemnly agree and guarantee
to maktj no charge if I fail to tell you your
name, occupation and what you called for;
1 promise to tell you whether husband, wife
or sweetheart la true or false; I tell you
whom and -when you will marry; in fact. I
will tell you every hope, fear or ambition
better than you can tell yourself; I Improve
your character so that you will reach the
highest possible development In mental vigor,
health, happiness and capacity to earn
wealth; eo you will live happy and contented
the rest of your life. Hours 10 a. m. to 8
p. m.; Sundays. 2 to 8. 320 O'Farrell st., 320.
MME. M. BERNARD. THE FAMO.US
Clairvoyant and business medium, perma-
nently located at 17 Third St.. next Examiner
bldg. ; she reads your life correctly, gives aa
accurate description of the past, reveals the
present happenings and portrays events to
occur In the future; If you are In trouble, dis-
contented or not satisfied In life, or have do-
mestic, love or business troubles, consult this
great medium and you will be told how to
overcome them; valuable advice in all affairs
of life; 25c up; satisfaction guaranteed; read-
tngs by matl. Tel. Black 4509.
IEMAR, the Egyptian gypsy, clairvoyant and
palmist, permanently located at 1104 Market
St., cor. Turk; private readings dally, 10 a.
m. to 5 p. m. ; readings by mall as satisfac-
tory as in person; 3 questions answered. $1:
full life, $5; send lock of hair, date and year
cf birth; don't send currency. Send poetofflce,
Wells-Fargo money order or registered letter.
A— MME. PORTER, scientific clairvoyant and
card reader, bom with a double veil and sec-
ond sight; tells the past, present and future;
ladies. 50c; gents, $1; by. cards, palmistry
ard clairvoyant Elttine; $1 SO. 123 Turk st
MRS. A. II. Kronenberg. palmist, clairvoyant,
card reader, will give a good reading, 10c, for
a 5hort time enly; when others fail try me to
convince yourself. 721 Franklin, near Turk.
MME. LEE, palmistry and clairvoyant; hours
9-5; evenings and Sunday? by appointment:
readings 50c. 2i& Larkin Et., rooms 17 & 18.
A — Mn». Ravenna reads life, business advice;
names given; 25c up. 5 4th St., near Market.
MME. MARSEAJL" — Clairvoyant, card reader;
lad'.es 2.V. gents 50c; hrs.. 1 to 9. 545 Minna.
MME. LAMAR, wonderful palmist: card read-
er; 25c. 50c. C20 Jones st.; hours 1-9 p. m.
OLDEST lady palmist and card reader in city.
2CVi Kearny. room 20; ladles 25c; gents 5Oc.
MRS. BROWN, clairvoyant, card reader; ladies
25c. gents 50c ; readings daily. 132 Sixth st.
MME WALTERS.great card reader; ladles 25e.
gents 50c. 051 Mission st.. nr. 6th; open Sun.
PARTHENA, elfted clalr.. Ju«=t from East;
wonderful prophetess. 507 Post St., nr.Mason.
MTSS WARD srives names, dates and facts;
hours 10 to 9. 413 Mason et.; no sign.
Mrs. Wyzan, gifted clairvoyant, card reader,
test medium: la. 25c. 1D0S Harrison, nr. 6th.
MRS EHAFER clairvoyant, card trader; elt-
tlngs dally. 44S*4 JfFsie ft., bet, flth and 6th.
CAIIPET BEATING AND CLEANING.
AIR compressed, dry. Ice cold, is now univer-
sally used in sanitary cleaning carpets, on
floor, without removal or Injury: prices mod-
erate. Apply 8. F. COMPRESSED AIR
CLEANING CO.. Call bid. ; phone Main 6237.
WHEN you become disgusted with your work
send for SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
ing Works, 358-357 Tehama st. ; tel. South 40.
SMITH'S Caroet Cleaning Co.: Al work guar-
anteed, 3c. 1843 15th St.; phone Capp 1551.
WESTERN Carpet Cleaning Works. 1809 Har-
rison et.; Al cleaning; 3c; tel. Mission 225.'
CALIFORNIA Carpet-beating Co.. J. McQueen,
proprietor. 329 Guerrero St.; tel. MlsMon 49.
TRY HOPKE BROS.; excellent carpet-beating;
mattresses made over.1432 Howard ;South 21C.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co., 402 Sutter St.:
tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM & CO.. Props.
RUDOLPH & CO.. carpet-beating works; prices
reasonable. 1703 Harrison St.: tel.Mission 263.
CONKLIN'S Superior Carpet-beating Works,
333 Golden Gate ave.: telephone East 12«.
DENTISTS.
S^CTRO-D^jTTALCLINIcT^oVldaTkeTsC
cor. Fourth, room 7, Flood building; extrac-
tions done painlessly; teeth without plate*
our specialty: cold crowns. $3 60 up; plates,
$4 CO up, extraction free; office hours. 'J
a. m. to 9 p. m.; Sundays, 9 to 2.
DR. GRUES, 604-5-6 Callachan bldg.. Market
end McAllister sts., uses the Basford Obtun-
' <Jer, the only device, ever Invented for grind-
Ing, drilling and excavating teeth .absolutely
without pain. For demonstration and proof
rail at office.
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market. nr.Eleventh
— No charge for extracting when plates are
tnmde; old plates made over like new; teeth
from $S per eet; extracting'. 50c; gas given.
A NEW plate — The Whalebon<» — cannot break;
•warranted 20 yrs. ; crown. $3 50; fillings. 50c;
plates. $5; full eet:all work painless and war-
ranted. Chlcaco Deatal Parlors. 24 Sixth st.
PARIS Dental Parlors. 235 Kearny, cor. Bush —
P<-t teeth $1 .10 up; crowns $2 up; fillings 25c.
GOLD fillings. 7fic: ellver. .%c; crowns, $2; no
pain: open Sunday. Dr.O.B.Hewltt.204 Sutter.
DRESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES
ACCORDION sunburst & knife plaiting. Stew-
art's button & buttonhole factory 110 Taylor.
McDOWELL Dressmaking and Millinery School
— Any pattern cut to measure. - 1019 Market.
EDUCATIONAL.
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE. 24 POST S
V. — Bookkeeping, shorthand, touch typing,
languages, telegraphy. English branches; day
and night sessions; Illustrated catalogue free.
HINMAN'S Academy: a thorough school of
dancing; established 20 years. 1412 Polk St..
between Pine and California; both adult and
children's classes are now open for the eearon.
AYRES. the leading business college 723 Mar-
ket st.; special summer course in all depart-
ments: haniifome catalogue free; life scbolar-
thlp. $50; day and evening sessions.
CALIFORNIA Business College 305 Larkln st
"A thorough school"; positions secured for
gruuuates; modern methods; Individual ln-
-. structlon. Write for illustrated catalogue.
GOLDEN Gate Com'l College, 030 Golden Gate
ave.: full business course; day and . evenlnr.
SCHOOL OF ILLUSTRATION Day and
PARTIKGTON'S. 42* Pine st Night Class.
MUSICAL IHSTRCME7CTS.
ALL uprights on our bargain slate to-dav^
Collard, $33; Fllsher. $5O; Sherman & H y<le
$10<l; Weber. $63; Klmball. |113; Mansfield 6
Notnl. $123; Haynes. $15O; American, $ir,3-
Chlckering. $ie7; Emerson. $172; Miller'
$173; 2 Stelnways, large and small size, $iss
and $290: Heine, large style, slightly used.
$325. Rents $2 up, aroly on purchase; in-
stallments $4 up. HEINE PIANO CO.. 235-
237 Geary st. ; Oakland branch. Fifteenth and
Broadway, old P. O. Bldg. Largest rxcla-
slve wholesale and retail dealers of the West.
THIS AD 19 OUR GREATEST EXPENSE.
We pay no rent, aa we own the building.
The only reason we advertise Is to let you
know we rent the best piano In the city for %S
per month. Now we can aell you one Just the
same. Our expenses are so very much less
than other firms, why not Investigate our prices
and compare notes? Invest 6c carfare and sav*
from $75 to $150 on a piano. SCOTT-CURTAZ
PIANO CO.. 5CO-62-&4 Hayes st.
WE do not advise the purchase of cheap pianos,
aa they are seldom satisfactory, but we have
pianos at a medium, price that can be guar-
anteed to please the most critical. Our best
sellers are th» Behr Bros.. Baumelster and
Sshubert. THE ZENO MAUVAIS MUSIC
CO., 7C9 Market st.
A FINE lot of second-hand uprights from V-'J
up, including such makes as Chlckering,
Vose. Kroeffer. Curtaz. Kirkham. Pease.
Hardman. Marshall & Wendell. Baus and
others. BENJ. CURTAZ & SON, 16 O'Far-
rell st. No branches In fan Francisco.
BAND instruments; F. B»sson. Paris, maker;
Gus Malwald. Agt. Pac. Coast. 27S O'Farrell;
skillful repairing; 2d-hand instruments sold.
BEAUTIFUL 3-pedal Stetnway upright piano;
perfect order; sacrifice. Keeffe's.283 OT»rrell.
A RARE chance; a Hornunr Bros.* upright;
little used: must be sold. 216 McAllister st.
RARE chance: cash or payments; elegant high
grade upright. 16 McAllister st.
Unredeemed storage pianos and furniture dirt
cheap. Whitehead's Storage. 1630 Market st.
EOHMEIt, Byron Mauzy planes. Cecillan piano
player. BYRON MAUZY. 8CS-312 Post st.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
MULLER. maker, repalrgr. 2 Latham place.
~~~ PIAXOS AXD ORGA5S.
PART of our list of bargains in second-haaii
pianos for September. 1&03:
Oririnal
Price. Now.
X BTEINWAY A EONS—
Rosewood case, large else, 7 1-3
ectaves, beautiful tone. In excel-
lent condition $723 $373
1 A. B. CHASE—
Mahogany case, larrest slxe. full
swinging rr.U3ic rack, three pedals.
very latest style, cannot be told
from a new piano 630 40*
1 STEINWAY & SONS—
Walnut case, small size, 7 1-3 oc-
taves, nearly new. beautiful tone.
In One condition 625 *73
1 STEINWAY & EONS—
Mahogany case, large size, lateet
style. 7 1-3 octaves, cannot be told
from new 730 623
1 A. B. CHASE GRAND—
Mahogany case, in perfect con<!l-
tlon. only med three months 800 673
1 STEINWAY & SONS BABT
GRAND—
Ebonlzed rase, in use a very short
time and equal to new 850 750
Also a large number of square pianos
ranrlnsr in price from $25 to $250. and chapel
¦nd parlor organs frcm $20 to $150.
Complete list furnished on application at
cur store. SHERMAN. CLAY & CO..
Corner Kearny and Sutter sts.
~ rEItSOXALS,
ATTENTION, LADIES —
To see is to believe; gr> and see the exhibi-
tion at the Union Drug Store, cor. O'Farrell
and Stockton sts'.: a living model with the>
wrinkles and bagrlness removed from ona
side of the face a year ago by M. ELLA
HARRIS cf 7S1 O'Farrell 'gt.
THE Star Hair Remedy restores gray hair. Im-
proves its erowth.stops falling, cures dandruff
and Itching scalp; no stain or stickiness;
cleanses scalp ;at druggists', hairdressers'; ac-
cept no substitute. Star Remedy Co.. 1338 Polk.
THERE are other cereal coffees, but If you
want tho best ask your grocer for Cof-farin:
absolutely pure, palatable and nourishing.
. THE COF-FARIN CO.. 134 Valencia St.
NOT how cheap but how good la the motto of
the manufacturers of the Rapid Rotary
Standard, the sewing-machine cf to-day. J.
W. F.VANS. agent. 1021 Market st.
PHYSICIAN. 13 years' experience, cures per-
manently morphine, cocaine habit. Call or
address Central Pharmacy. 251 Grant ave..
ELEGANT suits on easy Installments; 30 cental
and up per week. LEON LEMOS, 1127
Market St.. bet. Seventh and Eighth.
DANCING Tuesday. Thursday. Saturday, Sun-
day evgs.. Teutonia Hall, Howard st.. nr.
9th: Prof. Foster; society dancing taught.
LIQUOR habit cured. We guarantee to cura
the liquor habit in 2 days or no charges.
Acme Liquor Cure Co.. 907 Market, r. 202.
LESSON? given In manicuring; terms reason-
able. MMK. II. EASTWOOD, room 702, Alto
bldg.. cor. Bush and Kearny; ent. on Bush.
DRUNKENNESS, morphine and all drugs dis-
eases positively cured by Willow Bark Co..
1839 Polk St.; consultation, fr?e:call or write.
REMOVAL— DR. W. C. STRATTOJJ has re-
moved his office from 2255 Mission St. to
rooms 57." and 574 Parrott bldg (Emporium).
Prof Morris, hot porcelain tub baths, steam,
alcohol; ladles, gents: attendants: hand rub-
bing treatment. 40B Geary, nr. Mason, h. 9-9.
AT less than cost, uncalled for suits, overcoati
and trousers at CHARLES LYONS'. London
Tailor. 721 Market st.
FREE demonstration vibration; chronic dis-
eases successfully treated Tuesday evening,
8 o'clock, at 20 Phelan bulldtnir.
ANDERSON — Elegant theatrical and masquer-
ade costumes rented. 28 O'Farrell >f
SUITS to order on Installments. $1 per week.
Neuhau"? & Co.. merch.tailors.727-729 Market.
SUPERFLUOUS hair & moles removed by elec-
tric needle. Dr. & Mrs. Traverse. 1170 Market.
THE best pl?ce to buy good umbrellas or
have them covered or repaired is 120 Stockton
TAILOR-MADE stilt $7 50; dress pants $2 5!>.
Misfit Clothing Parlor, cor. Bush and Dupont.
MASQUERADE costumes play books, w'g*.
country orders. GOLDSTEIN & CO.. VXi Mkt.
ALFREDUM'S Egyptian Henna restores gray
hair to Its natural color; $1; at all druggists'.
Superfluous hair and moles removed with elec-
tric needle. Mrs. & Mi?s Eaton. 1119 Sutter.
CHEAPEST and best la America — The Weekly
Call 16 pages, sent to any address In the
TTnltVrt State? "r Canada nn» vear for ti.
PALUISTHY.
MME. DCVAS — Scientific palmist and astrolo-
gigt. Palm readings $1; 3 QUESTION.-?
FREE.' Open Tuesday ev. also. 130 Post st.
H. JEROME FOSELLI. eclentlflc palmist. 515
Taylor st.. near Geary. Phone Black 561.
PAFERHAXGINQ, PAIXTI>O. ETC.
KOOM3 paperfed. $3 50 up: tinting, painting.
Hartman Paint Co.. 319 3dst.; tel. Main 413.
PHYSICIANS AND SlftGEOM
DR. C. C. O'DONNHLL— OfSee and residence.
1021% Market st.. bet. eth and 7th; particu-
lar attention paid to diseases of women.
BLOOD, skin and rectal diseases a speclaUy.
DR. BALL. 1073% Market st.
REMOVED— DR. WONO HIM. herb doctor,
treats all diseases of the human body; for
past four jears at 115-117 Mason: now lo-
cated at 6C7 Geary st.. near Leaven worth.
DR. TONO PO CHT successor to Dr. LI P»
Tal herb doctor cures all diseases of humaa
by use of herbs and teaa. 727 Washington st.
DR. h C WONG. 719 Post st.: all dlseaaej
cured by Chinese herbs; consultation free.
WONG WOO the famous herb doctor — All dis-
eases cured by Chinese herbs. 746-8 Clay st.
ItEAL ESTATE CITY FOIt SALE.
MODERN cottages; finished complete wit!*
every convenience: easy tenass; larz* lots.
4 rooms— $2i>0O.
6 rooms — $".230.
8 room; — $.15O<X
6 rooms — $-'5Ct>0L
7 rocms— $41CO.
8 rooms— »4C0O.
Located en First and Second are>., bet.
Geary and McAllister st. cars uid one block
north of park. F. NELSON, builder.
$5500 EACH— Three 2-story 8-6 room flats:
nearly completed. 1609 Masonic are., 3 blockj
south of Ilaicht St.; transfer to Masonlo
ave.. set off at Frederic^ st.
J900 — COTTAGE, 4 rcoms. at 623 Moultrie St.;
a bargain; $30O down, balance $S per month.
$1800— Cottage. 4 r. and b. : 28th st. ; terms.
D. COFFIN & CO.. 3303 MI#alO« st.
$S7r.O— FOUR new 2-flat houses, all ren'ed;
bring $870 per year; buy from owner and save
commission: 1373 Masonic ave.. 1% blockt
Bouth of Halght st.
COTTAGE, modern Improvements; small pay.
meet down, balance same as n-nt. A»:>!>
owner, lumber yard. Alabama & Montcalm.
THREE new Cats for sale on Sixteenth st '
near Church; rented at $00 a month. Apply
I on premises. DAVID CONDON, builder.
B^L 1 ?T D on . you *L, "^improved realty; we loan y
t?.-»f2flJ5??S y »*f nd part lot at a V* r eeat -
MANHATTAN LOAN CO.. Crocker bnlldlnr.
FINE Income flats on Fulton, nr. City Rail:
reasonable. In^ulrtt 112 Fulton »1_ *¦¦'¦¦
THE^CAiiL
JOHU P. SPaZCTCEES. Proprietor.
' AfiuTcss CGEEMiffitica to JOB KcSAU&HT, Kacager
TELEPHONE.
Ack for THE CALL. The Operator Will Con-
nect You With the Department You Wish.
Publication Office Market and Third. S. F.
Editorial Rooms 217 to 221 Stevenson st.
Delivered by Carriers, 20 Cts. Per Week, 73
Cts. Per Month. Single Copies S Cents.
Terms by Mall, Including Postage (Cash With
Order) :
DAILY CALL <lnclud. Sunday). 1 year.. .$8.00
DAILY CALL <inc!ud. Sunday), C moi... 4.00
J>AILY CALL —By Single Month 75c
H'XDAT CALL. 1 Year 2-50
WEEKLY CALL. 1 Year 100
rrmrlrv f Daily... $3.80 Per Year Extra
PoSr?r F 1 Sunday.. 4.15 Per Year Extra
I OfcTAGE. LWeekly.. 1.00 Per Year Extra
ALL rOSTMAETnRS ARE AUTHORIZED
TO RECEIVE SUBSCRIPTIONS.
cample Ccples will be forwarded when re-,
Quested.
Kan •ubseribers In cnJerlng change !>f^ ad-
flre*s phouid be particular to give both I\.EW
AND OLD ADDRESS in order to insure a
prompt and correct compliance with their re-
<l-e£t.
OAKLAND OFFICE. _,
1118 Broadwcy Telephone Main 10S3.
BERKELEY OFFICE.
£34? Center Street Telephone North T7
WASHINGTON CORRESPONDENT:
HORTON E. CRANE 1406 G Etreet, N. W.
NEW YORK NEWS STANDS:
Waldorf -Aftoria Hotel; A. Brcntano, 51
fr.icn Square; Murray Hill Hotel; Flfth-ave-
Eue Hotel and Hoffman House.
CHICAGO NEV.'S STANDS:
Fherman House: P. O. News Co.; Great
Kcrthem Hotel: Treir.cnt House; Audltortuaj
Hotel; Ptlirer House.
CHICAGO REPRESENTATIVE:
C. GEORGE KROGNEPS....Marquette Build g
(Long Distance T?!evhor.e. "Central 2619.' )
KKT YORK REPRESENTATIVE:
ETEPUEN B. SMITH 30 Tribune Building
NEW YORK CORRESPONDENT:
C. C. CAELTON Herald Square
BTSngESS OTFICE of th» San -Francisco
Ca!l, comer Market and Third streets: open
cctll 12 o'clock every night in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES:
K7 Mot tgcir.cry etreet, career Clay; open un-
t«l 9:30 o. m. ,
800 Hayes ttreet: cpen until 9:30 p. m.
C-» McAllister street: cpen until 9:30 p. m.
C15 Larkln street; open until 9:30 p. m.
39«1 >'>-¦!:. street; open until 10 p. m.
22C1 Mark-t street, corner Sixteenth; open
untl 1 ' 0 d. m.
306 Eleventh rtreet; cr«n until 9 p. m.
3C56 Valenc'a etreet: open until 9 p. m.
NertheaFt comer Church and Duncan streets;
or>en until 9 t>. m.
JCcrthwest comer of Twenty-second and
Kentucky Ftreets; open until 9 p. m.
r?r«> Fillmore .-lreet: or-«"i nrtii ft P- m.
MEETING NOTICES.
CALIFORNIA Chapter No. 5. R. A. M., jj
will meet THIS (TUT.SDAY) E VEN "-Xjf
ING, November 3, at 7:30 o'clock. /V\
Stated meetir.s and R. A. degree. By
order of the H. P. _
FRANKLIN H. DAY. Secretary.
GOLDEN GATE Lxjdge No. .".0. F. and »
A. M.— Stated meetir.p THIS (TUES- VV 1
DAY* KVKN1XG at 7:30 o'clock. /V\
EDWIN L. MEYER, Secretary-
ORIENTAL Lodge No. 144. F. and A. JS
M.— Stated meetinjr THIS OVEPDAY) VV
EVENING at * o'clock. /V\
A. P. HUBBAKD. Srcretary.
HARMONY Lodpe No. J3. I. O.
II K.- T 1 -.'- officers and t! "'°C ! £iSv5i*^i
t meral committee of the abovArEgwjgJBjyi?
named lodpe are hereby notified ~'.»£3^" '
te . assemble at Odd Fellows' Hall, corner
Market ana Pever.th sts.. on TUESDAY. No-
\-ember 3. 1&C3. at 1 o'clock p. m.. for the
purpose of att^ndin* the funeral of our late
brother. JACOB NEUMANN.
A. PAUBA, X. O.
CIIAS. QUAFT. Sec.
THE funeral Fervices of the late w •
JOHN WATERS POWXING, Past V < r^> r
High Court Trustee of the Ancient CjT
Order of Foresters, will be held at /WV
Trinity M. K Church. Sixteenth and *C»i>
Noe etc.. TO-DAY (TT'EPDAY). at 11 a.
m. All Foresters are requested to attend.
J. B 1KWIN. C. R.. Court Wlersyiale,
A. O. F.
members cf the American Association of
Licensed Officers of Pail Vetsels are hereby
notified that nominations of officers will be
made on WEDNESDAY EVENING, Novem-
lier 4, at 30 California Et.
ALFRED McNEVIN, Secretary.
ALEX BERGMAN. Captain.
A«ENTS WANTED.
AGENT? — An agency for a proposition that is
& decided improvement on h'jildine and loan
Is worth having. Gfat VWstern lmprove-
ment Company. Parrott b'nig.
ATTOttNEYS-AT-LAW.
ADVICE FREE.
OLD ESTABLISHED.
COLUMBIAN LAW & COLLECTION AGENCY
Able attorneys. Rm. KV, SMC Market, opposite
Emporium. I4ad tenants ejected sjieedily and :
reasonably. Collections, co matter how small. |
attended to; attachment?; bonds furnished; cor- i
J'OraticES crpaniz<d; civil snd criminal practice, j
Tel. John C22C. Open evenings by appointment.
We eoiicit an Interview with you.
THE LEGAL ArTvLSORYTlnc.
Practice in Federal and al! State courts.
Attachments, divorce, mining, bankruptcy,
prosecutions, adjustments. cori<orat:ons, pat-
ents, estates, proba,te.
Experienced and Reliable Attorneys Engaged.
Advice guaranteed. Correspondence solicited.
611. 5UA, OUR Croader l;:dg. Tel John 2!)2tJ.
N. E. Ccr. New Uoctgumery and Mission Sts.
ADVICE FREE. ESTABLISHED 22 YEARS.
Divorces a Specialty. Private. Quick.
NO PAY 1'NLE.SS SUCCESSFUL.
C. \V. HOWE. Att'y-at-Law.
JI22 Market ft., between Mason and Taylor.
Nearly opposite "Hale's" Dry Goods Store.
I'.OBT. W. KING, atty-at-law. Examiner bid.,
room Cll; all cases, damages, estates, wills,
attachments, collections, etc.. consultation
free; no advance charges; call or write;
»veninpe by appointment. Tel. Red 3001.
ADVICE free — I will advance cost in meritori-
ous casr-s, divorces, probate and all other law
cases; no feeK in aavanc; open everjr even-
ir.g. J. M. THURPTON. 819 Market st., r. 31.
ADVICE free — I will advance costs in all cases
of merit; no advance charged, no ree, unless
Fuccesfful. n. J. BAXK.s, Examiner build-
ing, third floor.
DIVORCE costs $12; open evenings; tenants
ejected, $5. 1>1« Market, r. 52. phone Black 651.
A. M. EWING— Attcraey-at-law. Room C12,
TarroU building; phone South CIS.
DIVORCE — Cost*. ?12; quick, ouif-t; open even-
ir.ps. !C7 Market at., room 301.
L. P. CLAItK. Kmrr.a Ppreckels bldg.. 827 Mar-
ket St.; consultation free; no fees in advance.
AITKEN ft AITKEN. attorneys, rs. S09-10-11
Clunie bldg., 00^ California st.; te!. Main, 727.
N. TEMPLE, atty-at-law. ft.1 Chronicle bldg.;
commissioner for oaths. Kngland and Ireland.
ADV1CK Tree; no charge unlers successful; "all
!sw hMrtues*. \V. \V. navldison, 027 Market.
DC8IXESS CHAMCES.
ALUMINUM— The metal of the future; a. n*w
process for It* production discovered bv which
the company now furmlnjr will control the
rr.arkete of the w-^rld; we areoJTering a Kmali
nllotment of Mock et public !«ul;scripticn;
f.<rid fcr pmsfK-oius and particulars; the
. «-!ijortunity <>f a lifetime. I. MAYER & PON.
4V.) Mermod & Jacoard !>ldg., St. Louif, Mo.
WANTED — Partner to ttJtm charge of a veil
?•stabllFhed job printing office and receive
Interest in l>usinest-; no capital required.
Call 31S nn« St.. Mora Ho. after 12 m.
ITtO BrTSTACBAyT; c-ntral; Fifth Et., near
Misrion; 3 living rooms above; rent $r>3- es-
tablished 20 voars. X23 Mirsicn Ft.
WANTED— Man with $7.*.;' half interest in
Kocri paying buying*. Uo\ 1014. c a n office.
rOH pale — Kf-ytaurant and oyster house. 10$
Seventh ft. : goir.t; In another business.
FOR f.ale — Half interest first-class fruit store-
own«r retiring, llox 2t-S'J, Call. :
WANTED— A person with $1000 to Ftart an en-
terprli'e. W. IS. Kaetir., 20 Montgomery et.
FOR rale — Cheap; grocery store, fixtures, safe
«tc; formerly owned by Kitzpatrick & \Vard :
v.-ell stocked; old-established business; good
opportunity; Eouth-.-est corner ot IMth and
Shotwell sty. Apply D. A. CURTIN. room
•J4. third floor MiJIs building.
fT.'iO— DELICACY ftore; select rooming dis-
trict; 2 living roomy; owner called away.
Bex 7C0. Call office.
FAMILY for ranch. Sonoma County: free rent
for care of It; reservoir •water piped to house
& grarden; must have good team; spring wag-
on and some money to start with. 4109 18th.
?2T.O— RESTAURANT; central. Fifth 6L, near
Mission: 3 living rooms above; rvnt |35; es-
tablished 20 years. £23 Mission st.-
CLOTHING and men'e furnishings In good
town near city; cheap rent; invoice $6000.
B<-x 2C75. Call office.
BARGAIN — Temperance rrocery store; rood lo-
cation; elckness. 445 Hayes at. j
LOST AND FOPro. ; \
LOST— -A pass book with the HIbernla. Savings
and Loan Society of San Francisco In the
name of ELLA J. BATTEN. No. 277-1202.
The finder will please return to bank.
LOST— Y. M. C. A. mtdal: Percy W. Lord ln-
gcrtbed on back. Address 306 Pine st. ; reward.
LOST— Marriage certlflcate. Finder return to
150 Fourth St.. room 4. and receive reward.
IX>sT Saturday, fur cape, spangle bracelet,
pearl ring ; reward. Return S46 Linden ave.
FOUND— Gold diamond set locket. Apply of-
flce Cliff House. '
IT will pav to "Remember" that the California
Watch Case Co.. 220 Sutter St.. needs old
gold and sliver to make new watch cages.
MEDICAL.
VALPEAU'S female pills; best regulating pills
sold; price $2 50 by express. PMjeur's
syringe and tablets; price $2 5a By/ "PIH*
only on receipt of price. OSGOOD BROTH-
ERS, wholesale druggists. Seventh and
Broadway. Oakland. ________
MRa DR. WYKTH. specialist for all hnalj
complaints; instant relief S"*™?}*? 1 ', 30
years' experience; removed to 826 Post st.
MRS. DR. KOHL, reliable specialist for all fe-
male troubles and Irregularities; Instant re-
Uef guaranteed. lCOSffr Market St.. opp. Stn.
DR. O. W. O'DONNELL— All who are sick or
In trouble consult this specialist on female
complaints: positively corrected; the unfortu-
nate helped; the most difficult cases treated,
advice free. Office. 1018 Market st.
MRS. D. ALLEN. 1118 Market— Reliable ladles'
specialist; a private home before and during
confinement; beat medical care; low fees.
DR. and MRS. DAVIES and HINDOO HERB3;
original method of treatment. 1126 Market st,
DR. ROSEN resides 2995 Folsom St.. cor. 26th;
ladles, relief or no fee; $10.
DR. NO TOY KEE. 319 Powell St., opposite
Union square; all diseases cured by herbs.
MILLINERY.
LADIES — 200 stylish hats to select from; lease
sold, must vacate February 1. 1904: save
money by calling on MME. DOSCH. 20T Post.
MISCELLANEOUS FOR SALE.
BOILERS, engines. 2d-hand machinery. McIN-
TOSH & WOLPMAN. 196-197 Fremont St.
DOES YOUR ROOF LEAK? ~~ ~~~~
Repair It with elaterlte; In rolls easy to lay,
needs no painting or coating: good over old
Iron, tin or shingles; best for new roof*.
ELATERITE ROOFING CO.. 713 Market st.
2D-HAND machinery, boilers, engines, pumps,
pulleys, shafting, etc., etc., bought, sold,
rented and exchanged: see Sunday papers.
H. S. WHITE M'CH'Y CO., 130-132 B«ale st.
FOR sale> — New 60-ft. gasoline launch with
modern 40-horsepower engine and all extras;
good business; only cash sale considered. Ad-
dress O. B.. box r»2O. Sacramento, Cal.
A — Fine suits, $7 60; dress pants, $2 50. Origi-
nal Misfit Clothing Parlors, 238 Kearny St.,
near Bush; open to 9 p. m. ; Sunday to noon.
A— $3 CO DERBY and Fedora hats. $1 75. Pop-
ular Price Hatters, 330 Kearny St.. near
Pine; open till 9 p. m. Sunday to noon.
A — BUYS, sells or rent^ gear machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipe, shafting, pulleys,
etc. WH1TELAW. 253-255 Spear st. .
TRY cur men's shoes st $1 and $1 50 pair;
foot-form shoes at $2 00; we pay express
charges. II 3d St., Exam, bid.; catalog, free.
THREE milk wagons, one buggy, a 25-gaIlon
iron boiler with stove, also a 12-foot redwood
trough 20x25 Inches. 816 Treat ave.
TWO Petaluma and one Jubller Incubator.
Baker ave., San Leandro road, or 1115 Broad-
way, Oakland, room 6. W. CLAUSSEN.
A— 12-HORSEPOWER steam engine; hortaon-
tal; $S5. S. D. BURNS. 318 Bush St.
100.000 BRICK for sale. Inquire at California
Housewreckers, NW. cor. Mission and 10th.
A VERY fine diamond over 3 karats for $335
at W. J. HESTHAL'S, 10 Sixth st.
FOR sale — Metal roofer's tools complete. Ap-
ply 2C06 Folsom st
3, 6 AND 10 hp. gasoline engines; 2d-hand: all
sizes; new. E. B. BECK & CO.. 122 Market.
NEW and second hand machinery of all kinds.
KROGH MNFG. CO.. 519 Market st.
SAFES— New and second hand. THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO.. 417-423 Sacramento st.
MOVING pictures, made lanterns, sale, rental:
bargains. Bullard * Breck. 131 Post st.
MILES of pipe and fittlncs; all sizes. EU-
GE.NE RILEY & SONS. 10ft Vallejo at.
MOVING picture film and sons slides. 10»
Montgomery at
SAFES— New and second hand. E. B. BECK
«r CO., 122 Market St.
All bargains :camp stools and chai rs; hammocks.
metal beds.mattresses.J.F.Hotter.712 Mission.
EJison phonographs, records, supplies, moving
picture machines, films. Bacigalupl, 933 Mkt.
GASOLINE engines, automobiles and launches;
all sizes. J. E. DOAK, 46 Fremont St.
ASK for prices on second-hajid typewriters: all
makes. ALEXANDER & CO., 110 Montgy.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents — The Weekly Call.
10 pages. In wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
MISCELLANEOUS WANTS.
WANTED — Gent's ticket to Denver by dark,
medium young man. Box 26S4; Call office.
WANTED — Suppository machine, secord-hand;
state price. Box 2015, Call office.
I PAY highest prices for all kinds of cast-off
clothing: send postal. MORRIS. S70 Folsom.
BOOKS and libraries bought. H. C. HOLMES,
1140 Market St.; phone Jessie 3741. or postal.
TILTON wants good second-hand 'clothing and
theatrical goods. 164 Oth st. ; tel. Jessie 2851.
A BIG orice paid for sealskins; send postal.
25 Stockton St.; phone Bush 4S4.
MONEY TO LOAN.
AAA— HERMAN MURPHY; ~" ' "
601-U02-003 Examiner building.
Quick settlements: no disappointment.
Save expenses by dealing directly.
Estates, second mortgages, undivided Inter-
ests, assignments of rents, property in trust,
etc.; legacies, life estates and undivided in-
terests in property purchased.
Courteous treatment. Strictly confidential.
When You Need Money
See HERMAN MURPHY.
INTEREST REDUCEll TO 5 PER CENT.
DEAL DIRECT: SAVE EXPENSES.
I will loan on 1st, 2d and 3d mortgages, SAN
FRANCISCO. OAKLAND. TOWN. COUN-
'TRY PROPERTY and REAL ESTATE In
probate; send full particulars of property; no
answer otherwise. Box 2498, Call office.
ADVANCES on furniture and pianos without
removal; to permanent salaried people on
their note without security or knowledge of
employer; lowest rates; no commission. NA-
TIONAL CREDIT CO.. 68 and C9 Donohoe
bulldlnsr. 1170 Market st.
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds, jewelry, at
lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store. 846
Market st. ; tel. Main 1644. Branch. 19 Third.
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL LOANS on fur-
nlture, pianos or to salaried people on their
nate; proper treatment guaranteed. ILLINOIS
TRUST CO.. r. 16. Phelan bid., tel. Main 704.
A — 1 per cent on furntture or piano; no remov-
al, no commission, no publicity ;$25 up; quick.
private, confidential. 2tf Montgomery, rm. 7.
M. JACOBSEN A CO.. room C21,Emma Spreck-
els Building, loans money on real estate and
all other securities; confidential; low rates*.
MONEY loaned to salaried people, retail mer-
chants, teamsters, boarding-houses, without
security; easy payments; lartrest business in
46 principal cities. Tolman. 653 Parrott bldg.
MUNICIPAL LOAN OFFICE. 103 Grant are..
LOANS FROM $1 TO $10,000.
MONEY to loan on low Interest; gold, silver,
diamonds, pearls and precious stones bought
at W. J. HESTHAL'S. 10 Sixth St.
TO salaried people without security: on furni-
ture; indorsed notes and other security. S. F.
Discount Agency. 143 Phelan building. ..: ;
YOU can borrow more money on your furniture
than any other place In city; no commission.
C12 Parrott building; phone South 655.
OPEN Credit Association leans on salaries con-
fidentially; new. simple plan. 819 Market st..
room GO.
ON personal and real property. E. W. LICK.
1003 Mutual Savings Bank bldg.. 70S Market.
MONEY loaned to salaried employes. G. W.
MILLER, room 74. 5th floor. Chronicle bldg.
3% ON furniture & pianos; $15 up; no removal.
V. TREMAIN. room 81. 6 Eddy St., floor d.
ALL loans on diamonds and Jewelry 2 per cent
mo. S. F. Collateral Loan Bank, 538 Kearny.
STAR Loan Co. of Wyoming loans money to
salaried employes. R.311. Mutual Sav.Bk. bid.
CASH loaned salaried people on notes without
indorser. MORKLL. 600 Examiner bldg.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents — The Weekly Call.
16 pares. In wrapper, for mailing. SI per year.
OFFICES AND STORES TO LET.
WILL "construct suit tenant, store and base-
ment. Taylor st.. near Market. Box 789. Call.
FINE front office to let In The Wiley B. Allen
building. 931 Market st.
STORE with large bwement; below Kearny
•t,: rent $30. Analy C35 Clay st.. roam J.
EDUCATIONAL — Continued.
THE Lyceum, an accredited preparatory school
for the university law and medical colleges;
ref.. President Jordan or any Stanford profes-^
eor; day and evening sessions. Phelan bldg.
THE PAUL GERSON School of Actiny, the
foremost institution of the kind In the entire
West; (12 teachers: send for catalogue. Native
Sons' Dldg.. 414 Mason Bt.
A— SAN FRANCISCO Business College. 1238
Market st. — Practical, progressive, reliable;
Cay and evening sessions; write for catalogue.
DANCING Tuesday. Thursday, Saturday. Sun-
day evgs.. Teutonia Hall. Howard et.. nr.
9th. Prof. Foster; society dancing taught.
ENGINEERING— Civil, elec. min., mech., sur-
vey assay cyanide; day. eve.; est. 1804. Van
der'Naillen School. 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
HEALD'S School of Mines & Electricity. 24 Post
St.. 8. F. ; a practical school of engineering;
complete equipment. Special catalogue free.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing,
etc.; day or eve. ; $5 mo. 1024 Mlsslon.nr. Olh.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
QEORGE^OKI, 421 Post St.; tel. Bush 133 —
Japanese-Chinese employment office; fur-
nishes best help; contracts for farm help, etc.
A— ORPHEUM Employment Office — Japanese-
Chinese help. 420 Powell. Tel. Main 5752.
A — GRAND Japanese-Chinese Emp. Office, 415
Stockton; tel. Grant 168; expert, reliable help.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of-
fice; all k!nds help. 315 Stockton; Main 518S.
CHINESE and Japanese help; estab. 20 years.
Tel. Main 1907. BRADLEY & CO., 640 Clay.
EMPLOYMENT XV ANTED— -FEMAiJeT
A— SWEDISH woman wishes work by the day.
Tel. MRS. NORTON. 303 Sutter st.
EXPERIENCED German girl, good cook,
wishes situation to do housework In small
family: wages $20 to $30; car fare. Box
2918. Call office. ¦
RESPECTABLE woman, good cook, will do
some washing in private American family;
will go a short waye In the country; kind to
children; with ref. 704 Folsom Bt., near 4th.
STRONG American woman, flrst-class washer
and ironer and house cleaner, wants work by
day; $1 and car fare. Address box 20W. Call.
COMPETENT seamstress, Swedish, wishes sit-
uation in a private family as maid; willing to
assist in other work. Box 2CS2, CalK^
A FIRST-CLASS cook and second girl desire
positions together: city or country; good
references. Box 2914. Call office.
FIRST-CLASS girl wishes situation to do gen-
eral housework. 786 Harrison Bt %
REFINED young lady will give services In
payment, for room and board. Box 2915, Call.
FEW hours In forenoon; chamberwork. 313
Sutter Et. ; phone Green 721.
TRAINED nurse wishes work; $2 60 a day.
Address box 2011. Call.
NEAT, honest girl, flrst-class cook; American
family; no mall answered; wages $5. 245
Clara et.
A COMPETENT German lady would like work
by the day. Call at 128A Eighth st.
WANTED — Situation as lady's maid by young
woman who is an excellent reader and fine
seamstress; refererices. Address box 784,
Call office.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call Branch office, cor. Duncan & Church sts.
WANT ads and subscriptions taken for The
Call at Eaton's Bazaar, «J33 McAllister st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 109G
Valencia st. '
E3IPLOYMENT WANTED — MALE.
SITUATION deelred on good private place, city
or country, by competent young man, 20.
Dane; capable taking care of fine horses, gar-
den, and Is a flrst-class driver; references.
Box 2CS5, Call office.
A SITUATION wanted as handy man about
gentleman's place; good driver, milker and
gardener; handy with tools. Address box
2913. Call office.
SOBER, steady man wants position In ware-
house or as helper on furniture wagon or
watchman: best of references. A. R., 14SI
Fifteenth st.
A BARBER wants situation. Address THEO.
WUESTEMANN, care Charles Tamm, 3C9
Bartlett St.. San Francisco. ¦
A RELIABLE couple wish to take charge of
• place .at a monthly salary: board themselves
and hire their own help. T. S., 77 Ninth st.
POSITION wanted by young man In grocery; 8
years' experience; good references. Box 2013,
Call office.
WANTED — Situation on private place as gar-
dener, horseman and driver; can run steam
hot water heater; references. Box 2G81, Call.
RESPECTABLE young man. sober and reli-
able, wishes position in first-c}ass house to
learn bartending; city or country. Box 2672,
Call office.
WANTED — Some kind of light work, watch-
man preferred; can deposit from $500 to $800.
Box 2C77. Call office. [
POSITION as traveling salesman for farm
machinery; can furnish good references. Box
842. Call office, Oakland.
EXPERIENCED carpet man, cutter, fitter and
layer, wants position, city or country. Ad-
dress Box 2901. Call.
YOUNG man would like to drive a delivery
wagon or milk wagon. Box 2673, Call .office.
WANTED — Position as tinner and pipe fitter,
country. Box 785, Call office.
YOUNG Japanese boy wants situation as
Echoolboy; can speak good English and
knows a little about cooklnsr. Send me postal
and I will call. -HARRY T. WAKIMOT.
428 Kearny st. ,
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call Branch office, cor. Duncan & Church sts.
A WEEK'S news for 6 cents— The Weekly Call.
Id pages. In wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year
PACIAI. 7TASSAQE.
A — WRINKLES removed; fine complexion guar-
anteed, new method; 50c. M. LUTON, manl-
curing parlors. 764 Larkln st. : phone Polk 17.
FINANCIAL.
FOR sale — Few thousand treasury stock large
corporation: pay 15 pr cent div. Box 792. Call.
FURNITURE WASTED.
A. WOLLPERT. 773 Mission, phone Red 44G2,
buys, rents, repairs, packs furniture, carpets.
HIGHEST price for furniture and mdse. L. II
BURP, auctloneer.1818 Mkt. ;tel. Howard 2756.
FLATS, TO LET.
A — HOUSES and flats to let; an Immense Hat;
sen-Ice absolutely free; take advantage of
this department; It will eave you time and
trouble. Cordes Furniture Co., 245-259 Geary
tt., on the square.
A SUNNY corner, 8-room flat; first class in
every respect. -3945 17th St., few doors from
Market. Castro and 18tb st. cars.
ALPINE, 173 — New upper flat. 8 rooms, bath;
all modern improvements ;;un every room;$25.
ELLIS, 810, nr. Polk — For business purposes; 3
rms.; all- conveniences; electric light, power.
VAN NESS and Union— Light and sunny 8
rms; modern and up-to-date. Rent reasonable.
Jful Horses ¦
This pian, we think, should have a team.
Or gret an auto run by steam,
And have It meet him at the train .
When he's so loaded down again.
For good thlngrs in such lines as these.
At a price, too, that's s.ure to please,
The Call Want Ads he ought to try.
For then he's sure of a fine buy.Emma Hare . (owner) • with Hans Petersen
(contractor) architect E. W. Hyde — All work
for a two-story frame buDdlng (flats) on S
line of Frederick street. 132 W of Cole, XV
25 by S 137:6; $5500.
James I. Irvine (owner) with Felix Mar
cuse (contractor), architect . All work
for -a two-story frame building on N line of
Sacramento street, 340:4 E of First avenue,
E 25 by N 117:10^; $3550.
Savings. Loan and Building Company, same;
$10. •>
Oscar Heymah to Louise Rleck. lot on W*
line of Elmlra street. 175 N of AuguMa, N
25 by XV 100, lot 310, Silver Terrace; $10.
Samuel L. and Frances K. Leszynsky to
Carl A. and Augusta Johnson, lot on E line of
Chapultepec street, 1C0 S of Esmeralda, S 25
by E 70. lot 305. gift map 3; $10.
Juniata A. and William A. James to Major
L and Rose Schulz, lots 1099. 1101, 1103, gift
map 2; $10.
Martha' A. Houdyshell to Gustavo Ahlstedt,
lot on S line of Montana street, 375 W of Ply
mouth. XV 25 by S 125, block S, Railroad Home-
Forrest S. and Effie L Rowley to Lulu E.
Chapman (wife of William), lots 1 to 11. 45
and 40, block 53, Stanford Heights; $10.
Estate of Francis L. TIdd (minor), by How
ard K. James (guardian), lot 1, block 61, Paul
Tract Homestead; $200. ¦
Anna M. Sklvington to Clara Stolzenberg.
lot on SW line of Thirty-sixth avenue, 150 NW
of K street, 1D0 by 100, lots 3 and 4. block 52,
Paul Tract quitclaim deed; $10.
Estate of John F. Sklvington (by Edwin W.
Tucker and Henry Muller, executors) to same,
same; $500. ' *
Charles M. Wendt and Minnie Fischer to Os
car Heyman. lot on NW line of Chenery street,
413 SW of Roanoke. SW 25 by NW 100, lot 120.
block 3, Falrmount. $10.
Masonic Cemetery Association to Deborah B.
Coffin, lot In cemetery; $200.
Builders' Contracts.
Vico Consul on a Visit.
Gustavus Adolphus, Vice Consul of the
United States at Mazatlan, Mexico, Is
visiting this city.
Calvin 'E. and Janet Knickerbocker. John
G. and Barker to Henriette N.
Hobbs, lot on §E corner of Gough and Turk
streets. E CO by S 120; $10.
John D,' Robertson to Bessie H. Lent, lot
on S line of Washington atreet. 104:2 E of
Buchanan- E 33:4 by S 100; $10.
Daniel i\. and Esther'Davls to Jay Demlng,
lot on E line of Baker street, 100 N of Fell,
N 25 by E 100; $10.
Jay and<» Nina Demlng to Daniel S. Davis,
let on W line of Baker street, 100 N of
Grove, N 25 by W 100; $10.
Joseph and Victorine Bourdet to Honore
Bourie lot on E line of Lott street, 100 S of
Grove." S 2R by E 100; $10.
Felix and Delflna Marcuae to James S.
Irvine lot on N line of Sacramento street,
340:4 E of- First avenue, E 25 by N 117:10%:
$10.
John Gately to Catharine Gately (wife), lot
on N line of Eighteenth street, 125 W of Hart
ford W 2t»' by N 100: also lot on E line of
Bright street 100 S of Central avenue, S 50
by E 100, tots 23 and 24, block 54. City Land
Association- gift.
Isaac L. Merrell to Francis A. and Thank
ful P Plaisted, lot on W line of Vlcksbun?
street.' 204 S of Twenty-second, S 28 by XV
100: $10.
Anna Scapimon to Charles J. P. Hoehn. lot
on S line of Twenty-fourth street, 75:9>£ E
of Noe E 25:0% by S 114; $10.
Sarah Greftves to Genevleve L.'Cottrell, lot
on N line of Twenty-third street, 330 W of
Noe W 25 by N 114; $10.
Clara K. Lichtensteln (wife of Sol M.) to
Charles Winters (as guardian), lot on E line
of Eureka street. 173:8 S of Seventeenth, S
49:4 by E 125; $10.
Emllle or Anna E. Erickson to Ella A. Me-
Leod (wife of Daniel), lot on NE corner of
Washington and Powell streets. N 32:6 by E
52: $10. 'J
Emily B. Hopkins to Louis Frledlander,
lot on W line"of Jones street. 68:9 N of Post,
N S3:0. W 82:6. N 12:6, W 65. S 96:3, E
137:0 cubject to 41j Cov. 3S5; $10.
William Desmond to John J. Desmond, lot
on NE line of Harriet" street, 250 NW of
Bryant, NW 25 by NE 75; gift. ..,
Charles A. and Nellie T. Rushton to Wil
liam H CooK. lot on NE corner of Tenth
avenue and Lake street, N 36 by E 120; $10.
William T. ,and Grace Bartrum to Guy L.
Anthony, lot on E line of .Twelfth avenue, 275
8 of Lake etreet. S 25 by K 120; $10.
J Frank and Marea Walters to George A.
Turner lot on NW corner of Thirty-eighth
street 'and Cltfts avenue. N 415, W 120. S
37 :« "W 120. S 62:6, E 120, S 50, W 120. S
25 E 120 S 25, XV 120. 8 201. E 110.19 N
102 42 E 25 fi 103.88, E 105.17; also lot' on
E line of Thlrtjf-nlnth avenue. 30 8 of Clement
street. 8 25. E 240. N 55. W 120. S 30, W
120; also lot on-E line of Thirty-ninth avenue.
SO S of Clemeri* street. S 100. E 120. N 50. E
120 N 25 W 120. N 25. W 120; $10.
David O. Church to Maude E. Decker (wife
of. Peter) loton-E line of "Eighth avenue,
130:4 N of C street. N 20:2 2-3 by E 120; $10.
Same to Hulda Stahl (wife of J. J.). lot on
E line of Eighth avenue. 156:6 2-3 N of C
Btrect. N 26:2 2P3 by E 120; $10. •
Arthur and Ellrabeth Logan to David A.
Hannah, lot on" 8 Jlne of H street. 70 E ot
Twelfth avenue.^E 25 by S 100; $10..
James S. and ,Annle Irvine .to. Felix Mar
cuse. lot oh W line of Eighteenth avenue 175
S of J street. 8^25 by W 120; $10.
Felix and DelQna Marcuse to Pacific States
MONDAY, NOVEMBER 2.
REAL' ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
•Jt is reported that the Southern Pacific
will build a branch railroad from the port
of (iuaymas, on the Gulf of California,
northeast to Naco, situated on the border
between Arizona and the State of Sonora,
Mexico. The principal object in building
this road Is to reach the Barranca coal
fields, which are owned by the Southern
Pacific. The road will connect with the
Sonora branch of the Southern Pacific at
Guaymas.
A company has been organized to build
a railway from Tlacotalpan, in the State
of Vera Cruz, to a point on the Vera
Cruz and Pacific Railroad by way of Las
Tuxtlas. Wealthy Mormons are inter
ested in a project to build a railroad sixty
miles long to connect their colonies, sit
uated in the State of. Chihuahua, Mexico,
with the Mexican Central Railroad. A
short line of railway is to be built from
I>as Charcas station, on the National
Railroad of Mexico, to the mines of the
Tiro General Company. The Oaxaca and
OJutla Railroad Company has obtained a
concession to build a branch line from a
point on Its main line to the town of
Zlmatlan. situated' in the State of Oaxaca.
American capitalists are Interested In a
number of other new railroad projects In
Mexico. New York men who are Inter
ested in the San Carlos Copper Company
have obtained a concession from the Mex
ican Government .to build a railroad from
Linares, a station situated on the gulf di
vision of the Mexican Central, to Soto la
Marina, situated on the gulf coast at the
mouth of the river of that name. This
proposed road will pass through the San
Jose mining district. Soto la Marina is
situated about midway between Tampico
and the mouth of the Rio Grande.
Luis Garcia Tereul has obtained a con
cession from the Mexican Government to
build and operate a railroad from San
Marcos, situated on the Mexican (Vera
Cruz) Railroad, to Rosendo Marquez, sit
uated on the Mexican Southern Railroad.
He has organized a company and con
struction of the new line will soon be
commenced.
The Mexican Government has long de
sired that a railroad be built through the
Isolated and remote region which this
line is to traverse. It will start at Doug
las, Arizona, where It will connect with
the El Paso and Southwestern Railroad,
and will run south to the great mining
camp at Cananea, Mexico. From Can
anea the v route of ¦ the proposed road is ,
south down the valley of the Yaqui River
to a point near the of that stream
and thence southeast down the Pacific
coast of Mexico to the port of Altata,
touching at the port of Topolobampo,
where it will connect with the Kansas
City, Mexico and Orient Railroad. At
Altata the road will connect with the
short line of railway which runs from that
place to the city of Culiacan. The latter
road has been acquired by the projectors
of the new line. It was owned by Sebas
tian Camacho. The route from Culiacan
is down the Pacific coast to the Rio
Grande de Santiago River and thence up
the rich valley of that stream to the city
of Guadalajara. The length of the pro
posed road will be nearly 1500 miles. It
will traverse the richest mineral and ag
ricultural regions of Mexico. It is re
ported that the same interests will build
a road north from Douglas through Ari
zona to connect with Moffat'a Utah-Cali
fornia line.
AUSTIN, Texas, Nov. 2.— A new group
of American capitalists are about to en
ter the railroad building: field of Mexico.
An application has been made to the
Mexican Government for a concession to
build and operate a line of railroad which
is to run from the border of Arizona south
and southeast to the city of Guadalajara
and probably to the City or Mexico. .The
new road will be called the Mexican and
Pacific Coast Line. The men principally
Interested In the project are David Mof
fat of Denver, Colo., and the principal
stockholders in the Colorado Fuel and
Iron Company. Colonel Joseph A. Robert
son, an American manufacturer and min
ing man of Monterey, Mexico, who built
the Monterey and Mexican Gulf Railroad
In the face of many obstacles, is also ac
tively interested In the enterprise. The
Mexican Government will grant the con
cession for the new road iti the early part
of next January and will give a subsidy
of $15,000 per kilometer for each kilometer
of road constructed. The preliminary ar
rangements for the construction of the
road have been made. #
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Guadalajara.
Lines to Run From Arizona
Border to City of ,
New. ; Yorker3 Obtain
Concession From
Government.
MEXIC0 T0 HAVE
MORE RAILROADS
THE FAN FBANCIS.CO CAI*L, TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 3. 1903.
15
OCEAN TRAVEL. {%£?:
Ai>Aailll>€ ft J*A """*"• "MCA, NE*
S. 8. ALAMEDA, lor Honolulu, Nov. 7, 11 a.n>.
S. 6. SONOMA, for ' Honolulu, Samoa, Auck-
land and Sydney, Thursday, Nov. 19, 2 p.m.
S S. MARIPOSA. for Tahiti. . Dec. 1. 11a.m.
41. .P.ECIEL84 BJQJ.CO., Agfa.. Ticbt Ofllo.643 lamtB
fntytlffiN.S2l KarbtSUitfU. 7. Pacific IL
COMPAGNIE GENEBALE TBANSATLANTIQOt
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS.. jm»*^
Sailing every Thursday Instead of
Saturday, at 10 a. m., from Pier 42, **'WV'.r
North River, foot of Morton street. . .
First-class to Havre, $70 and upward. Sec-
ond-class to Havre, $45 and upward. GEN-
ERAL AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES AND
CANADA. 32 * Broadway (Hudson Building),
New York. J. F. FUOAZI & CO.. Pacific Coast
Agents. 5 Montgomery avenue, San Francisco.
Tickets sold by all Railroad Ticket Agenta.
ii"?* < * It| " Br _ Uo _ O1 "" — Apartm't Hoaaes. j
EL MONTEREY, the city's newest apartment !
hot«l, located on the north side of Pine et., I
tot ween Hyde and Leavenworth; a superb
brick buLldir.it of Spanish architecture: all
the comforts of housekeeping combined with !
the convenience* of hotel life; an excellent
Frill room in -connection; prices very reason-
able.
A THE LUCERNE
LARK1N ST.. BET. SUTTER AND BUSH;
THE SUNNIEST FURNISHED APART-
MENTS IN THE CITY: THOROUGHLY
MODERN: SUPERIOR SERVICE; CHOICE
LOCATION; ALL CAR LINES; NOW OPEN.
THE Frederick, flfil Stanyan. opp. Park— Furn. I
apartments: prl. Imth: stesm heater: janitor.
ROOMS TO LET — Furn. and Unfurn.
A— BRUNSWICK House. 148 Sixth St.— Rooms
25c to $1 per night, $1 2."» to $5 per week and
light housekeeping rooms; open all night.'
AT "The Almonte." B73 Market st. for No. 1
Fifth st.)— Rooms, 25c, 50c. $1. SI 50 night;
$1 50 to $10 week; house open all night.
BURNETT. 142C Market (old No. 1364)— Fur-
nlshpfl rooms, ruit*?. single; also unfurnished.
CLIFFORD, 204 Ellis, corner Mason— Elegantly
furnished sunny r<-oms; price* reasonable.
GLEN PARK ave., 2C — One front and one-back
sunny furnished room; very pleasant; $10-$S.
GRAND Southern. 7th and Mission — Rooms 50c
to $1 50 night: $1 to $3 week; reading-room.
j IVY ave.. 223. off Franklin gt. — Furnithed
rooms. J.5 anl f<3 per month.
i JESSIE, 3«3, eart U. S. Mint— Furnished
rocme, $5 and ?G per month.
i JESSIE. 441— Sunny furnished room; double
bed; rents only J2 per week^
i LACUNA and McAllister, St. James flat — Sun-
ny single room.
'¦. ROYAL House. 120 Ellis— Incandescent lights,
reading-ioom, smoklng-rcom and ladles' par-
lor; rooms r*rr night. ".5c to $1 50; week, $2
to $*: month. $8 to $30; elevator on ground
lloor; rooms with hot and cold water; baths.
i THE GILLESPIE. 119 Ninth — Furnished rms..
tl SO to $2 00 week: transient 5Oc-7."c night.
TURK. 202^-4 — Nicely furnished sunny rooms;
clean, respectable house; cheap rent.
UNITED STATES. 123 Eddy St.. near Market—
400 single and family rooms; 35c to fl night;
$1 75 to $G week; elevator: electric lights;
reading-room; free bus and baggage.
; VAN NESS. 519 — Handsome sunny furnished
suites and single rooms; all conveniences.
! WINCHESTER Hotel, 44 3d St.. near Market—
Most convenient and respectable; 700 rooms;
35c to fl 50 night: J2 to $S week; elevator;
eler. lights: reading-room; free bus; baggage.
ADVERTISF.MENTS. subscriptions received at
Call Branch office, cor. Duncan & Church sts.
A BRANCH office for call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 105)0 |
Valencia st. i
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch offlce. 2200 Fillmore. j
rooms axd board.
h^t^l^altTmore;
van ness ave.. near geary st.
select. first-class family hotel.
New and modern appointments; Intercom-
municating and lens distance phones In every
room; steam heated: hot and cold ocean water
i baths: cuisine and service best; American plan
| only, $3 to ?5 day. Special rates by month.
! STEVENSON mansion, £07 California et. — At-
tractive and Rightly rooms; best table and j
service; lowest rates. I
I VAN NHSS ave.. 1714— Private boarding-house,
homelike: everything first-clasn; sunny
suites: single rooms: choice locality: ref.
SPECIAL SOTICES,
EMPLOYERS cf teamsters — You are hereby
r.otifled by the Brotherhood of Teamsters to
allow the men In your employ the prescribed ¦
time allowed by law In which to vote. Yours
respectfully. GEO. W. DILLON.
, Secretary Brotherhood- of Teamsters, Local
No. So. of San Francisco. Cal. '.
Ladies: Chlchcstfr's English Pf-nr.yroyal Pills '
are best: safe, reliable; take no other. Pond 4c I
stamps for particulars. "Relief for Ladies" j
in lettrr by return rrmll. Ask your drug-gist, j
Chiche*tPr Chemical Co.. Philadelphia. Pa.
| MOTHERS— Drir.k Cof-far!n regularly and
your nerves and digestion will be all right :
jrive it to the children and the old man, and
hr.l" TOOT troaW»» ¦"•HI cease.
SCIENTIFIC OPTICIANS. |
i DURING the O. A. R. encampment Dr. Clls*. |
JCC3 Market st.. bet. Cth-7?h. fitted glasses to |
O«-n. Ml'es: vou wart the bent a* well aj he. !
j SEU'IXG MACHINES AXD SllTl.lKJt j
: NEW HOME «fwlrp machine; th'.s week only:
$10. llfi ?•_*<•: slightly used: needles 20c dor.
NEW HOME S. M. CO.. 1051 Market st.
SPECIALISTS.
CATARRH. DEAFNESS and NOISES In EARS
positively cured; new method: 1 week's treat-
ment free. Dr. Cottir.gham. 204 f-utter st.
STORAGE AXD WAREHOUSES.
A— EMPORIUM Storage & Van Co.; furniture,
household goods stored, moved, shipped. 725-
i 731 Howard St., near Third; phono Grant 161.
I PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage & Moving Co.. of-
fice Po«t and Powell sts. ; tel. Prive. Ex. 571.
CONKLIN'P Storage — Furniture and merchan-
1 dise. 333 Golden Gate ave.; phone East 126.
M GOLDEN West Storage; advances mau>: £40
1 j Mission st. ;'tel. Howard 941. F. W. Zehfuss.
, ! PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-^
pan;\ 2320 Fillmore St.; phone Jackson 2SI.
I BEKINS Van and Storage Co.. 11 Montgomery
et. : tel. Main IStO. Shipping at cut rates.
I STCTTERIXG AXD STAMMERIXU.
¦ MELBOURNE School. Van Ness-Market— Cure
in ever> - case; individual teaching; no medi-
cine. Inquire' Into wonderful cures ;home cure.
TO LEASE.
TO lease or let — A 2-story frame structure on
Brannan si., near F-xth. suitable for storage
or light manufacturing purposes. Apply
bakery. 1317 Folsom st.
DIVIDEND XOTICES.
DIVIDEND notice — The Giant Powder Co.,
Con. — A dividend. No. S9. of fifty cents (50c)
per share on the Issued capital stock of the
company has been declared payable at the
office of the company, rooms 202,. 204 and
206 Hayward bldg.. S.an Francisco : on No-
vember 10. 1Wi3. Transfer books close No-
vember 3. li*03. at noon. C. C. QUINN, Sec.
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
The following marriage licenses were Issued
¦ ! yesterday:
Giuseppe Marchettl, 20, city, and Marie
Gaupln. 25. city.
! Max Wolfram, 33, 1531 Post street, and Anna
j M. U. Euchner, 3«. 1531 Post street.
¦ j John B. Bennedlct, 25, Hanford, and Mar-
jrarf-t M. ArT'egai-th, 22, city.
Michael J. McCarthy, 22, 210 Fourteenth St.,
i and Octavia M. Leathe, 21. 21« Fourteenth at.
Charles M. Parry, 32. 2324 Sixth street, and
i Hatti<? F. Austin. 2.1. 20S Clara street.
I I Oeorpe N. Prydz, 24. 2223 Taylor street, and
j L. F. Flelschfl. 22, 2223 Taylor street.
Francesco I'.attiRtini. 23. 4111 California St.,
and Fidalma Ancelini, 22. 391 Broadway.
Louis Tomlin^n. 24, Cloverdale, and Nora
, Holler, 19, Windsor.
Vlnrenro Roman!, 32, 415 Union street, and
Angelina Camoriana. 22. 1417 Dupont street.
Alvin J. Theall. 27. Oakland, and Mabel H.
Hambly. IR. San Jose.
Won«? Jone. 40. 21 Hrenham place, and Joe
Hop. IS. 21 Brenham place.
|j .BIRTHS-MARRIAGES-DEATHS,
t Birth, marriage and death notice* sent by
i mail will not be Inserted. They must be handed
, In at either of the publication offices and be
Indorsed with the name and residence of per-
• sons authorized to have the same published.
• BORN.
I ENGELMANN— In Paris, October 30, 1S03, to
the wife of Molse Engelmann (formerly
; Viola Raphael), a daughter.
GREWE — In this city, October 27, 1903, to the
'. wife of H. A. Grewe, a daughter.
• MrMURRY— In this city. October 28, 1903, to
the wife of Bertie McMurry, a son.
• NICKEL— In this city, October 8. 1903, to the
\ wife of Arizona Nickel, a daughter.
MARRIED. . ~~
' McKEE— MILLER— In Oakland. Cal.. October
2*. by the Rev. Dr. Dille, Joseph McKee
j and Nora Miller, both of Oakland.
WALLACE— HATCH— In this city. October 17
1WW. by the Rev. Father Moran. John'C.
Wallace and Margaret E. Hatch, both of
! this city.
j DIED.
Benson, Mary Maher, Annie
Herrle, Annie Marglnl, Pietro
Burnham. Wm. F. Matteucci, Donato
Carroll, Lucy McCauley, Mary '
. Cassldy. -Matthew McDevltt, Mary F.
rruz. Manuel McKay, Anthony B.
; Donnelly, Sister M McMahon, A. J. F.
Donohoe, Julia Mitchell. Helen
Downing, James Moore, F; W.
I Dunleavy, Nellie Morehouse, Wm. P.
Evans, Elizabeth Newman,- Jacob
Franklin. Mrs. Sarah Nllan. Alice Bernlce
Gagahan, Richard * O'Connor. Susan
j Gallon, Ann Raabe, Fred
fXCAIt ESTATE Toanlry — For Sale. I
IICH TO EMPLOYES. '
A rare chance for parties earning a small
tp. ;ary to get themselves a nice country
$400 — »10<» down. flTi a month, will buy 10
m res of choire oitrus fruit, berry, table or
v-r,«. icraj* !an<1 In the Whitaker St Ray
Colony Sacramento County 18 miles from
capital of State
2i'iC0 »Tff mI4. 15<<0 planted; good school •
and clo«? to railroad nation. QUIGGLE
rnre WHITAKER & RAY CO.. 72:! Market
8t : hours. 9 to io a. m.. 4 to 5 p. m.. or
addrf-es box 15. Gait.
5H> a MONTH buys a ten-acr«i farm twelve
ml'.w from Sacramento; m-rlte for booklet'
lf» free. WRIGHT & KIMBROUGH. 603
.T at.. Sacramento. Cal.
IF fea want a snvk ranch, dairy or coloniza-
tion tract write CHAS. W. COE & CO , 45
W. «t Santa n.. San Jose, Cal.
ALTALFA l£n<ls, sto<-k ranches, orchards,
vineyards: l:\sjioctPd bargains; monthly cat*-
k«u«» RTit free. C. M. WOOSTER CO . C48
Market Ft.
F<">R rou'try and dairy ranches yielding a grvod
rr^r.i HAMILTON & KEN PRICK. Potaluma.
POINT )UCUno.\D HP.AL ESTATE.
tt'ATEB front lots and bargains; all tracts:
rrmr-* rhoto* etc RKLL 41T Parrott bid*. ;
ItKAL KSTATE TO. I2XOHA.NGK.
OAKLAND property to exchange for & small j
ranch In Sonoma or Napa County. P. C •
LASSEN & Of).. 4CH Tenth ft.. Oakland. Cal. j
jMfPEWIUTEItS AXD Sl-rV'LtKsT"
GREAT BARGAIN'S IN TYPEWRITERS— We !
»"!1 better machines for lesn money than any '
house In the city; rentals $3. Tt-.e Typewriter ;
Exchange. .'.3rt California; telephone Main 200. :
A FETT good typewriters at S"0 <\ich: got par- ;
tieuiar*. L. A: M. ALEXANDER. 110 Mont- j
gnrnery st.
2D-HANT> trr^writers so'.d. rented, repaired. !
WchutT TVr"*writ<'r Insp^c Co., f>QS Market. ;
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMUUA RBAL ESTATE.
|
DO you wart to buy a lot? Do you want to I
build a home? Do you want plans made? ¦
Call or address J. H. YOUNG. 1243 Park (
«t.. A'.ameda. Cal.
BERKELEV ADVERTISEMENTS
BERKELEY REAX HSTATE.
$CSO— ACRE lot la University Heights, adjoin-
ing university grounds..
f«ty» — *<*-foot lots, one block from car line;
factory Bit*; on water front and railroad,
Wett Berkeley; flO per front foot.
3 acres, near town line; 6-room house, well,
barn, fruit trees, etc.; necr electric cars: I
$2600; owner's health failing; must be, sold at
ence.
CHENEY & BERRY.
Postofflce Block, Berkeley.
fl&OO — ONE acre, centrally located, 1 block to
cars. 1 Mock to station.
$2700 — Xiw »j-room cottage: street work j
complete; 2 blocks from station, 1 block from
car*: easy tcnr.F.
$15.00t>— Business block at Berkeley sta-
tfaa: lot alor.e worth $10,000. L. J. 1IORAN' j
& CO.. 2131 Phattuck ave., Berkeley station. |
$10.000— A GENTLEMAN'S home near the new |
Country Club grounds.
Fin* house of 16 rooms, larpe etables. etc.;
3S acres or iand: worth e^lng.
Apply to JOS. J. MASON. Real Estate.
Rerke!*-;' station.
FOK exchar.gf — Nice hAjse of 6 rooms and
bath; lot T»«Jxiri3; sunny side of street; street
work all <lone; value $2500; morttaee $1500;
will take country property for equity.
JOS. J. MASON, Real Estate, Berkeley
Btatloti.
j. J. MASON,
Rral Estat» and Insurance Agent.
Choic* Pro;ertv a Fpecialty.
?E. ccr. Shattuck ave. and Center St.,
Brrkflcy. Cal.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
CITICE, 1118 BROADWAY.
, ,
OAKLAND III>AL ESTATE.
OAKLAND HOt'SIiS FOB SALE.
fltXR"—- C--!ita*<" of .") rooms, bath, hrick fourida- :
tior.. high basement: newly painted; lot ;
5« fett. runny side; well and suitable; i
rear San Pablo ave. and bot'i iVrry ser- j
vlcts.
$2000 — Cottase of 6 rooms, bay-windew, bath
and high basement; lot 37:<iilOO; sunny
•side: vt-ry centra.1 ; «tre*-t wcrk all done;
Lie sacrifice; rents for ?16.
$2500 — Cottage of 7 rooms, bath, fire barn; lot
Cox'iiS; cne block from Broartwaj.
%-(*\-- Cholc* building lot. 3.">xl2T; Chestnut
St.. between 32<1 and .¦>4th; Immediate
vloir.'ty of new ferry.
11200 — Cca tare of 5 rooms and t>atl». high base-
nr°5t: close to San Pablo ave.; street work
all done; rents for $14; easy tt-rms for
payments. .
J4000 — E'.ecart home of 7 rooms. In rourte of
construction, near Telegraph ave.; 40 ft.
;r< ' ?re !t new and have it finished up to
suit you GEO W. AL'STIN.
jon2 Broadway. Oakland.
$no» CASH. $7 .V> month; 3-room cottage:
outhouse, chirken-hous*. fruit trees, etc.;
fine soil; away from fogB and cold winds; an
Ideal spot; c!j?e ty is a nice school, church.
tcwa hall, electric cars, etc., a stone's throw
from this plare; adjoining East Oakland: price
?h.Vi in all.
?35<> ca.eh. SS SO monthly: cottage. 4 rooms
and bathroom, pantry. cio»«t, etc. ; ci.! well
of pure water; chicken-house. barn, small
fruit and flowers; an ideal home; price ?1100.
Cail or eer.d for circular. 455 Seventh St., opp.
Broadway station, Oakland. Carriage free.
H. Z. JOXEf, owner.
$ c *0n — 2 XEW bk><1< rn flats; c<r'.ral!y located;
2 blocks from business center: lot 50x150;
will pay 10 per cent, on Investment.
$1SSO — 6-rrom cottage: all modtm conven-
iences; on lflth st., rlofe In; l^t 25x100
C. K. MAP.SHALL. 111S Broadway.
t-FTORY new modern colonial home of 8
rooms: near local train: in Kast Oakland;
very choice location; electric ltne In front;
street work all done; nice open lawn, pas and
electric lighting ; »mall cash payment, bal-
ance monthly. GEORGE TV. AVSTIN, 10o2
Broadway, Oakland.
Modern house. 8 rms.; stable: Maeon & Hamlin
organ. TVefore 12 m.. 422 Orangg gt.. Oakland.
OAKLAND lIOtSES TO LET.
BEFORE moving l?st my printed list of houses
to let. GEORGE W. AUSTIN, 1002 Broad-
way. Oakland.
OAKLAND FIKMTIRB POR SALE.
TO-MORROW the day for bargainTln^furnP
ture. H. Schellhaas. lllh st..cor.etore.Oaklnd.
Mill Valley Advertisements.
MILL. VALLEY REAL. ESTATE.
' BEST bargains ever offered; new tract, right
at the station; big lots, beautifully wooded;
grand views; streets graded; water mains
laid; lot 50x125 for $400; terms, 10 per cent
cash, $10 monthly: bound to increase in
vajue; J*2 lots sold to date. LYON" St. HOAG.
11C Montgomery ft.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
Ar.TLEP.S. 41B Turk at. — Btrictly modern, 4-8
roorr. *- M .. vr? -r'.t ; fur. or unfur. for hskpg.
EDDY, «0S — 2 large connecting rooms; regular
kitchen, reasr.ng hie ; single fur. room. $0.
ELEVENTH. !(*;— Sunny furnished room« for
hou*tke«»plng.
GOLDEN r.ATE ave.. 040— Beautiful, eunny,
furnich^d housekeeping rooms; very reason-
able.
COLDEX GATE ave.. 1202— Lower floor, «unny
front rooms, with k:trhm, running water, gas
range.
LEAVENWoitTH. 1M2— Three nice furnished
houijekeepir.r roomi; gaa etove. bathroom,
small «tor«rooin.
M^'KET. Ill*— Housekeeping rooma for nice
MCALLISTER 53S— Sunny front suites; gaa
range, hot tiath; adulU; $10-$16.
MO PSi HOrpE - '2>«~Stockton et.-N*wTy fur-
nished rooms. y,.iu. bath< £>B phone.
NINTH, HH— 2 sunny housekeeping rooms;
» running water; hath; rtnt reasonable.
A <>'FARRELL. 127I.-2. 3 or 4 large housekecp-
v ing Knon-s: all conveniences; reasonable.
FTEINER. 6<tt— 2 or 3 sunny rooms, furnished
for house keeping: gas and bath.
WEBSTER. 1125—3 sunny, furnished bouse-
fcecpm* rooms; adults. ,,
Gorman, Margaret T. Soelter, John
Grella. Alesendro Wenzel, Henry
Gribble, Edith Westenhaver, C. C.
Harris. B. W. Wilkinson, M. A.
Jordan. Mary Williams, Eben B.
Jouanou, Jean B. Wilzlnski, Bertha
Kerrigan. John M. York, William
Larkey. Daniel E. Zimmerman, B. C.
L»nz, Louis _
BENSON— In this city, November 1, 1003,
Mary, beloved wife of William Benson,
mother of Harry Benson, sister of Mrs. A.
.1. Boyd, and aunt of John, Mamie and An-
drew Bovd, a native of Ireland, ' aged 28
years 3 months and 17 days.
(UTFrtends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Tuesday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of
HalFtcd. & Co.. 1146 Mission street. Inter-
ment Laurel Hill Cemetery-
BERRIE— In this city. November 1, 1003, An-
nie, beloved daughter of James and.Kather-
Ine Berrle. and sister of James and Amelia
Berrle. a native of San Francisco, Cal., aged
2 years 4 months and 28 days.
BURNHAM— In this city. November 1, 1003,
William F., beloved husband of Rosa Burn-
ham, and father of Cordelia and Mae G.
Burnham, a native of Massachusetts, aged
70 years 4 months and 16 days (Los Angeles
papers please copy.)
CT" Friends atid acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
to-day (Tuesday), at 1 o'clock, at the par-
lors of Halsted & Co., 046 Mission st. In-
terment private. . ,
CARROLL— In this city, November 2, 1003,
Lucy, beloved wife of the late D. XV. Car-
roll, p.nd mother of Frank, Oliver, Alexan-
der and Albert Carroll, and Mrs. Fred Roch-
fotd, Mrs. F. E. Gould. Mrs. J. J. Murphy
and the late J. C. and Andrew Carroll, a
native ot Ohio, aged (54 years 1 month and
7 days..
CASSIDY— In this city. November 2, 1003. at
his late residence, 48 Sharon street, Mat-
thew, d-arly beloved husband of Mary Cas-
sldy, and loving father of Joseph, William
and May Cassldy, a native of County Meath,
Ireland, aged 54 years.
(ETNotlce of funeral hereafter.
CRL'Z— In Oaklat-d, October 31. 190.1, Manuel,
belived husband of Mary L. Cruz, and
father of Joseph, Manuel and Tony Cruz, a
native of Azores, aged 59 years 10 months
and 17 days.
DONNELLY— At the Holy Family Convent.
October 31, UKW. Sister M. Bernardette,
daughter of Bridget and the late John Don-
(DTA requiem mass will be offered for the
reposo of her soul in the Convent Chapel
Tuesday morning. November 3, at 9 o'clock.
DONOHOE— In this city. November 2, 1003. at
her late residence, G23 Myrtle avenue, Julia,
beloved niece of Mrs. Hannah McCarthy, and
sister of Mrs. Patrick O'Brien and Mrs.
George Walcom, a native of the city of Cork,
Ireland.
C7"Notlc> of funeral hereafter.
DOWNING— In this city, November 1, 1903,
James Downing, beloved father of Mrs. Lu-
cinda Pool of Mississippi. James Downing Jr.
of Kansas, and MrB. Carrie Evans, and
grandfather of Franklin Evans, a native of
Georgia, aged 77 years 3 months and « days.
; (Kansas papers please copy.)
¦ C7 Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend funeral services to-day
(Tuesday), at 1 o'clock, from the Bethel
A M. E. Church. Powell street, between
Jackson and Pacific streets. Interment Mount
Olivet Cemetery. _>.
DUNLEAVY— In this city. October Si, 1903.
Nellie, dearly beloved wife of Jeremiah J.
Dunleavy, loving mother of Teresa Clifford.
Clarence and Raymond Dunleavy, and loving
sister cf Mrs. M. J. Coakley. Mrs. J. L.
Karrell Cornelius, Thomas and Hannah Cllt-
iord. a native of Tralee, County Kerry. Ire-
tCTThe funeral wilt take place to-day
(Tuesday), at 0:15 o'clock, from her late j
i residence, 805 Hayes street, thence to Sacred
Heart Church, corner Fell and Fil more
streets, where a requiem high mass will be
celebrated for the repose of her floul, com-
mencing at 0:30 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
EVANS — In this city. October 31. 1903, Eliza-
beth, widow of the late Gomer Evans, a
native of Maine.
ICTFriends are respectfully Invited to at-
tend the fun?ral services Tuesday, at 10
o'clock, at her late residence, 28.0 Sacra-
mento street, between Scott and Dcvlsadero.
Interment private.
FRANKLIN'— In Portland, Or., October 31.
1803. Mrs. Karah Franklin, beloved wife of
£>. S. Franklin, formerly of S^an Francisco,
and mother of Abe. Charles and Dave Frank-
I lin and Mrs. W. Carash of Oakland, a native
of Germany, aged Gi> years.
ttTNotic-j of funeral hereafter.
GA1IAGAN— In this city, November 2, 1903,
Richard Gahagan. a native of County Cork,
Ireland, ased 8«> years.
JCVFrien.is ajiJ acquaintances are respect-
fuly Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
! (Wednesday), from the cfiapel of the Pas-
¦ sion attached to St. Mary's Hospital, where
a requiem mat's will be celebrated for the
; repose of his soul, commencing at 0 o'clock.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
' GALLON — In this city. November 1. 1903,
Ann, clearly beloved wife of James Gallon,
and beloved mother of James, Charles, Wil-
! lie nn«i Frur.Jde Gallon, a native of County j
Tyrone. Ireland, aged 49 years and 1 month. |
GORMAN— In this city. November 1, 1003.
Margaret T.. dearly beloved wife of Rlqhard
F. Gorman, and mother of Daniel A. Gor-
I man. daughter of Jamea A. and Margaret
¦ McNally, and sister of Mrs. C. Graner, Mrs.
E. Greany. Mrs. J. Cavarly and James and
Nan McNally. a native of San Francisco.
|r7Tho funeral will take place to-morrow
(Wednesday), at ft o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. 731 McAllister street, thence to Sa-
cred Heart Church, where a requiem high
mass will be celebrated for the repose of
her soul, at 0:30 o'clock. Interment private.
GRELLA— In this city, November 2,' 1003.
Alesendro Grella. a native of Italy, aged 40
years.
C^TThc funeral takes place to-morrow
I (Wednesday), at 1 o'clock, from the parlors
of Valente, Marini & Co., 1524 Stockton
street, thence to 423 Broadway, where ser-
vice will be held under the auspices of Gali-
leo Grove, U. A. O. D. Interment Laurel
Hill Cemetery.
GRIBBLE— In this city. November 2. 1003.
Kdlih. relict of the late John B. Gribble, and
mother of W. A., Edgar C. and Alonzo Grib-
ble, a native of Wisconsin, aged 53 years 4
months and 27 days.
HARRIS— November 1, 1903, Benjamin W.,
beloved husband of Emily S. Harris, and
father of S. Aldrich Harris, a native of
Providence, R. I., aged 68 years.
ICFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Tuesday), at 2 o'clock, from 320 Post street,
under the auspices of George H. Thomas
Post. G. A. R. Interment Cypress Lawn
Cemetery by electric car from Eighteenth
and Guerrero streets.
JORDAN— In this city, October 30, 1003, Mary,
beloved wlfa of John Jordan, and mother ot
Clare Alarguetftte Jordan, a native of San
Francisco, aged 3C years.
ICTThe funeral will take place to-day
(Tuesday), ut 1 o'clock, from the parlors of
J. C. O'Connor &. Co.. 707 Mission street.
Interment Holy Cress Cemetery.
JOUANOU— In this city, November 1, 1003,
Jean Bautlste Jouanou, dearly beloved hus-
band cf Antoinette Jouanou. beloved father
of August JouAnou, and grandfather of An-
tolrette artd : Artru Jouanou, a native of
France, ag«-d 51) years and 11 months.
CCTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invtted to attend the funeral from his
late residence, 42 Scott place, Wednesday,
November 4, at 9 o'clock, thence to Notre
Dame des Victolres Church, where a solemn
requiem mass will be celebrated for the re-
pose of hl« soul, commencing at 0:15 o'clock.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
KERRIGAN— In this city, November 2, IOCS,
John M., beloved twin son of Martin and
Agnes Kerrigan, a native of San Francisco,
aged 48 years 6 months and 7 dayB.
LARKEY — Ir. this city, November 1, 1903,
Daniel E., beloved husband of Mamie E.
LarKey, son of James and Mary Larkey, and
brother of John J. and Frank X. Larkey,
Mrs M. Can-oil and the late Charles H. and
William J. Larkey, a native of San Fran-
cisco, aged 41 years.
ET-The funeral will take place to-day
(Tuesday), at 8:45 o'clock, from his late-
residence, 2100 Filbert street, thence to St.
Vincent de Paul's Church,' where arequiem
high mass will be celebrated for the repose
of his eoul. commencing at 9:15 o'clock. In-
terment Holy Cross Cemetery.
LENZ — In Oakland, Cal., November 2, 1903,
Louis Lenz, beloved son of Wilhelmlna Roth-
mann, a native of San Francisco, aged 33
years and 10 months.
(E7Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral on Wed-
nesday, November 4, at 2 o'clock, from his
late residence, 216 Second street. Interment
Mour tain View Cemetery, Oakland.
MAHER— In this city, October 31, 1903, at
Our Lady's Home, 33 Rincon place. Annie
Maher. a native of County Tlpperary, Ire-
land, atrtd 70 years.
MARGINI— In this city, November 2, 1003,
Pietro Marglnl, beloved father of D. Marglnl,
and grandfather of L. Walker and Ida Mar-
tini, a native of Italy, aged 82 years and 10
months.
E7 Remains at parlors of Valente, Marini,
& Co.. 1524 Stockton street.
MATTEUCCI — In this city November 2, 1903,
Donate Matteucci, a native of Italy, aged 34
years.
P7"Remaln» at parlors of Valente, Marini
& Co., 1524 Stockton street.
McCAULEY— In this city, November 1, 1903,
Mary, beloved wife of John McCarthy, a na-
tive of St Johns parish. County Roscommon,
Ireland, aged 62 years.
E3" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day '
(Tuesday), at » o'clock, from her late reel- i
dence, 207 Thirtieth street, thence to St I
Paurs Church, where a requiem high mass
will be celebrated for the repose of her soul
at S>:30 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Ceme-
tery.
F. J. Monahan/ President. *
MONAHAN & CO.,
(Inc.) ' .
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS.
2339-2341 Mission st. TeK-phone Mission 31.
F. J. Monahan. President.
McDEVITT— In this city, October 31. 1903.
Mary Fellcltas, beloved daughter o£ Charles
J. and Mary McDevltt. a- native of San
Francisco, aged .1 year 0 months' and 10
days.
try Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Tuesday), at 10 o'clock, from the parents'
residence, 77 Thirteenth street. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery.
McKAY— In Fresno, Cal.. October 20, 1003,
Anthony R McKay, beloved husband of
Phebe C. McKay, a native of Plctou County,
Nova Scotia, aged 71 years.
McMAHON— In this city, November 2, 1903.
at the residence of his parents, 421 Minna
street. Arthur J. F., dearly beloved son of
Patrick and Margaret McMahon. and brother
of Mary. Loretta, Winifred C. and George
" F. P. McMahon, a native of San Francisco,
aged 2 years 4 months and 7 days.
MITCHELL — In this city, November 2. 1003.
Helen, beloved wife of James Mltclwll, and
mother of Mary. James, Elizabeth. Roblna
and Nelson Mitchell, a- native of Scotland,
aed, 48 years 6 months and 7 days.
(ETFrlend8 and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend funeral services to-
morrow (Wednesday), at 10 o'clock, from
her late residence, 1521 Lombard street, be-
tween Goueh and Franklin streets. Inter-
ment Mount Olivet Cemetery.
MOORE — In San Jose, Cal., November 2, 1903,
Frederick Walter Moore, a native of Santa
Cruz, aged 43 years and 10 months. Inter-
ment Wednesday,- November 4, at 12:45
o'clock, Cypress Lawn Cemetery. San Fran-
cisco. Kindly omit flowers.
MOKKHOUSE — In this cltv, October 30, 1003,
William P. Morehouse, beloved husband of
Hen-letta N. Morehouse, and father of Mrs.
William H. Stein, a native of Massachusetts,
aged 80 years 2 months and 27 days.
$y Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral Tuesday,
at 2 o'clock, from his late residence, 2601
Sacramento street. Interment Odd Fellows'
Cemetery. Pleas- omit flowers.
NEWMAJp— In 'this city. November 1, 1903,
Jacob .Vewman, dearly beloved husband of
Margaret Newman, and father of William,
Henry And Florence Newman, Mrs. George
D Collins and the late Elizabeth and Agnes
Newman, a native of Germany, aged 6a
years 0 months and 7 days. (A member of
Harmony Lodge No. 13. 1. O. O. F.)
(T^TFuneral this day (Tuesday, November
.1 19C3V, at 1 o'clock, from the undertaking
r'arlors »f Iaccherl, Duclos & Co., 620 Broad-
way, thence to I. O. O. F. Hall, corner of
Sevenths and Market streets, where 6ervice
will bo, held under the auspices of same
lodge. Interment, Btrictly private by car-
riage, Mount Olivet Cemetery.
NILAN — In this city, "November 2, 1003, Alice
Bernlce. dearly beloved daughter of William
and Elf>n Nilan, and granddaughter of Julia
and the 1 late Patrick Regan, a native of Sap
Francisco, aged 2 years 8 months and 23
days. '
(C7"The funeral will take place to-morrow
(Wednesday) at 10 o'clock, from the resi-
dence of the parents, 1610 Tenth avenue.
South San Francisco. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery.
O'CONNOR— In this city, November 1. 1903,
Susan,' beloved wife of John O'Connor,
and mother of Mary. Rosie. John, James,
Alice Charles, Henry and Walter O'Connor,
a native ot County Armagh. Ireland, aged
41 yejjrB.
ICT'Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
. fully Invited . to attend the funeral to-day
(Tuesday), at' 11 o'clock, from the parlors of
J. C. 'O'Connor & Co., 767 Mission t»treet.
lnt^njient Holy Cross Cemetery.
RAABE^-In the City and County Hospital, No-
vember 1. 1003, Fred Raabe.
SOF.LTER — In this city, November 2, 1003,
John, beloved son of John and Mary Soelter,
and grandchild of L. and Margarette Soelter,
a natlye of San Francisco, aged 1 month and
7 days.
(CT-V r ' en^ s an(^ acquaintances are respect-
fully .Jnvlted to attend the funeral thi.n day
(Tuesday), at 2 o'clock, from the residence of
the parents, 1114 Union street, between Hyde
and Leavenworth. Interment Laurel Hill
Cemetery.
TVENZEL— In this city, November 1, 1003,
Henry Wenzel. beloved father of . Henry
"Weneel Jr. and Mr*. Katie Mohr, and grand-
father of Louisa Wenzel and Louise. Her-
man and Alvlna Mohr, a native of Prussia,
Germany, aged GO years 5 months and 23
a ETFTlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to, attend the funeral to-day
(Tuesday) at 10 o'clock, from the parlors
of H F Suhr & Co.. 1137 Mission street,
between Seventh and Eighth. Interment I.
O. O. F. Cemetery.
WESTENHAVEU— In this city, November 2,
1903 at his late residence. 1216 Noe street.
Charles C. beloved husband of Belle Westen-
haver, and brother of Mrs. C. H. Westcott.
Mrs M. E. Jordan and Mrs. D. M. Ramsey,
a native of Cloverdale, Cal., aged 45 years
1 month and 14 days.
WILKINSON — In Oakland, November 1, 1903,
MaxVe'l Arnold, Infant son of Walter S. and
EurJla L. Wilkinson, a native of Califor-
nia, ag»?d 5 months and 1 day.
WILUIAM&— Jn Nome. Alaska, September 9.
! 100a, Eben B. Williams, son of R. A. W1I-
| liams. 17. S. X., of Pasadena, and brother
• of Dr. R. B. Williams of Oakland, a native
of Vortsfncuth. Vo., aged 4» years.
EJ.TFrlend8 are respectfully invited to at-
tend the funeral to-day (Tuesday), at 2
o'clock, from the parlors of Albert Brown,
, r.72/ Thirteenth street, Oakland. Interment
Mountain View Cemetery.
• WILZINSKI— In this city. November 1. 1903,
Bertha, dearly beloved wife of the late Mark
Wll7ln?kl. nnd lovlnic mother of Mrs. J. H.
llu<l*on and Mrs. J. H. Coleman. a native
' of Germany, aged 73 years S months and »
day?.
; (CFrlends And acquaintances are respect-
I fully invited to attend the funeral services
¦ Tuesday, November 8, at 2 o'clock, at her
i late /residence. 69 Shotwell etreet. Crema-
tion I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
TORK-'-October 81, 1003, William, beloved
husband of Jennie A. York.
ICTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
to-morrow (Wednesday), at S o'clock a. m.,
from the Masonic Temple, corner Post and
Montgomery streets, under the auspices of
Mount Moriah Lodge No. 44, F. and A. M.
Interment Vallejo, Cal.
ZIMMERMAN— In this city, November 2, 1003,
Bergltha Catherine, beloved mother of Mary
Zimmerman and the late Captain Louis
Zimmerman, and sister of Mrs. XV. Osborn
of Oakland and the late Mrs. B. H. Titjen
of this- city, a native of Stavanger, Norway,
aged B5 years and 13 days.
C7" Friends are respectfully invited to at-
tend, the funeral to-morrow (Wednesday), at
1 o'clock, from her late residence, 267 Lex-
ington avenue, near Twentieth street, thence
to Our Savior's Scandinavian Evangelical
Lutheran Church, Howard street, near
Twelfth, where services will commence at
1 :30 o'clock. Interment Mountain View
Cemetery, Oakland.
OGBAN TRAVEL.
e Steamer* Iear* San Fran-
cisco as follows:
For Ketchikan. Wrang«l.
Juneau. Halnes. Skajrnay.
etc.. Alaska— 11 a. m.. Now.
2. 7. 12. 17. 22. 2T, Doc 2.
Change to comj?any's ateam-
ert at Seattle.
For Victoria, Vancouver.
Port Townaend. Seattle. T»-
coma, Everett. Whatcom— 11 a. m., JJov.-S. 7.
12. 17. 22. 27, Dec. 2. Chancre at S«ati» to
this company" i ateamer* for Alaska and O. X.
Ry.; at Seattle or Tacoma to N. P. Ry.: at
Vancouver to C. P. Ry. "
. For Eureka (Humboldt Bay) — Pomona, 1:30
p. m., Nov. d. 12, IS. 24. 30. Dee. 6; Corona.
1:30 p. m.. Nor. 3. 9; 13. 21. 27. Dec. 3.
For Los Anxelea (via Port Los Anceles and.
Rpdondo), San Diego and Santa Barbara-
Santa Roaa. Sundays, 0 a. m.
State of California. Thursdays. 9 a. m.
For Vat Angeles (via San Pedro and East
San Pedro), Santa Barbara. Santa Crux, Mon-
terey, San Simeon, Cayucos, Port Harford (3an
Luis Ob!«5o). Ventura and Hueneme.
Coos Bay, 9 a. m.. Nov. I. 8. 17. 23. Dec. 8.
Bonlta. 0 a. m., Nov. 5. 13. 21. 29. Dec. 7.
For Enaenada. Magdalena Bay, San Joe* del
Cabo, Maeatlaa. Altata. La Pas. Santa Ro-
salia. Guaymas (Mez.). 10 a. m.. 7th of each
month. - " '
For further Information obtain folder.
Right Is reserved to change steamers or sail-
In* dates. _
TICTCET OrriCES — 4 New Montgom-
ery street (Palace Hotel). 10 Market street and
Broadway wharves.*
Freight office. 10 Market street.
C. D. DCNANN. General Passenger Agent.
10 Market street. San Francisco.
O. /?- & N. CO.
"Columbia" saHs Oct. 20. 30, Nov. ».' IB. 29.
Dec. ». 1». 20. "George W. Elder" sails Oct.
2ft. Nov. 4. 14, 2*. Dec. 4, 14. 24. Only steam-
ship Mne to PORTLAND. OR., and short rail
line from Portland to all points East. Through
tickets to all points, all rail or steamship and
rail at LOWEST RATES. Steamer tickets In-
clude berth and meals. Steamer sails foot of
Spear at. at 11 a. m. 8. F. BOOTH. G«n.
Agt. Para. Dept.. 1 Montgomery «t.; C. CLIF-
FORD. Gen. Agt. Freight Dept. 3 Montgomery.
TOYO.KISEN KAISHA,
(ORIENTAL STEAMSHIP CO.> Y-.
Steamers ¦will leavt wharf, corner First and
Brannan streets, at 1 p. m.. for YOKOHAMA
and HONGKONO. calling at Kobe (Hlogo).
Nagasaki and Shanghai, and connecting at
Hongkong with steamers for India, etc. No
cargo received on board on day of sailing.
S. S. AMERICA MARU
Tuesday. November 10. 1905
8. 8. HONOKONO MARU
Thursday. Decembers. 13C3
8. 8. NIPPON MARU (Calling at Manila)
.'Wednesday. December SO. 1903
Via Honolulu. Round-trip tickets at reduced
rates. For frelpht and pasaaxn apply at Com-
pany's office. 421 Market street, comer First.
XV. H. AVERT. General Agent.
Wotkir Can $1.00 mr Year
"The Betrothal" W
Next Sunday Gall's Art Supplement
November 8th
CARL MUCKE'S FAMOUS PICTURE, "THE BETROTHAL."
¦fRtQBF^yt "ffir* irT * J»?>^M'feJ^ h| s ¦¦¦•¦¦- ¦ ¦¦ " '¦'&¦¦' jEm£v9o3Lv' *¦"' ¦¦'*¦¦ ¦ ¦ «3!"8b3^^ ;^si^Bk' : *^HBi^BE5
Bw»»S*-*^«irTe{ ¦'^•K^5r^*A>iyTrr^S^vllM '"• ' ""'¦ '"***' 'j$ ¦'•'''• Wr^±SrS3f '*' * '"* * ' ' *^2»iS2^***flJ"^^MEsifi^^3
sjjBwriUy j jt » ''^^PT^P^&^iffjICijBrjLflt^M " ;¦ ¦"•¦¦ '' " *' • ¦¦* ¦ *¦"*¦**' t"fliS# Pkt. ¦•¦ ¦'' ¦
K^** J^»j^^ :^y^^y^^^.'HC^^^^^^^i^^j>»jiyif3j^^. • ;,. /¦¦ ' .^?^^t3rfxfife^iii2^^^. ¦' "¦¦'**" ¦'"" ' L|lT Ji3^-. ¦- ' • -^.^PjClflj^K '^Jf^KQifm
,, ,^ . . . v . .. .. ¦..;..¦. j..: . . ¦ "•.-• *.» .V. .V.-.V.*. . ...*v.» -.-...-. -/ . ¦--¦- -ij. »»"»*«'."»*»«*...-...-.."..v.v. J.V »¦¦• 'MV. * ¦ i« WHwtwdMMlH
THE BETROTHAL.
Sunday Call Art Supplement
A great artist once said that the most successful
genre pictures have always for their subjects some-
thing relating to love or war. It is only natural that
love, which every living being is destined to experience,
should furnish subjects which attract, and the only as-
pect of the contrasting emotion of hate which is not
despicable is war, and even that is ennobled only by a
love of country or a love of right.
Carl Mucke's picture, "The Betrothal," depicts the
action which is a formal acknowledgment of the exist-
ence of love, but at the same time the attitude of the
figures of the young man and woman, their expression
and their regard tell more than actions of eivinsr and
accepting the betrothal ring, which is but a symbol.
The fact that the principal roles in the scene are
played by a humble Dutch fisherman and his dulcinea
only serves to strength the sentiment of the picture be-
cause the sentiment of love is generally conceded to
have a stronger hold on the simple minds of the lowly
than upon minds distracted by multiplicity of consid-
erations which beset people in higher walks of life.
Subscribe for THE GALL
San Francisco's Greatest Paper
And Avail Yourself of the Opportunity Presented
to You of Securing a ColFection of Beau-
tiful Art Pictures Free of All Charge.
AH Newjs Dealers Sell The Call
OCEAN TRAVEL.
AMERICAN LINE.
NEW YORK-SOUTHAMPTON-LONDON.
N York.Nov.21.0:3O am|Phlla...Dec. 5. »:3»> am
St Paul.Nov.28,8:30 am|
ATLANTIC TBANSFOHT XINE.
Hew York — London Direct.
Mntka..Nov.l4,l:3O pml Mlnneha..Nov.28, noon
Mlneapls...Nov.21,7 am| Menomlnee.D«c.5,9 am
Only First-class Passengers Carried.
DOMINION LINE.
Boston — Queeastown — Liverpool.
Columbus Nov. 12 Commonwealtn..Nov. 19
Cretlc Dec. 10. Feb. 11
Cymric Dec. 24. Jan. 28, Feb. 25
Portland — Liverpool — Short sea passage.
Canada Nov. 2S|Cambroman Dec. 5
AZORES^XAPLES— GENOA.
Vancouver Saturday. November 21
BED STAB LINE.
New York — Antwerp— Paris. -
Vadld.Nov.l4,10:3t> ami Zeela.Nov.28.1«:30 am
Krnld.Nov.21, 10:30 amlFlnland.Dee.5,10:30 am
WHITE STAS LINE.
New York — Queenttown — Liverpool.
Sailing Wednesdays and Fndayn.
Armenian. Nov. 17, 3 pm I Cymric... Nov. 20, 6 am
Oceanic. Nov. 18, 5 am| Teutonic. Nov. 25. noon
boston Mediterranean sebvxce
Azores, Gibraltar. Naples, Genoa.
ROMANIC Dec. 5. Jan. 1«, Feb. 27
REPUBLIC (new) Jan. 2, Feb. 13. Mar. 20
CANOPIC Jan. 30, Mar. 12
C. D. TAYLOR, Passenger Agt. Pacific Coast.
21«Post «., San Francisco.
!&fAl&IERS. MARSEILLES. CMQA^L j
gHAPtfcS ft ALEXANDRIA^ ¦^TPTT.TM
ROMANIC. Dec. 5, Jan. 16. Feb. 27, Apl. 9
REPUBLIC (new). Jan. 2, Feb. 13. Mar. 20
CANOPIC Jan. 30. Mar. 12
(Send for rates, and Illustrated booklet.)
- These steamers are the largest In Medi-
terranean service. .
First class. $75 and $S0 upward, according
to date of palling.
Boston to Liverpool Qu .en.'t«w.,
CRETIC Dec. 10. Feb. 11
CYMRIC Dec. 24, Jan. 28, Feb. 23
First clasi. $63 upward. For plans, etc.,
address
WHITE STAR LINE. 77-81 State st..
Boston, or to C. D. TAYLOR. 21 Post it.
Mare Island and Vallejo Steamer*.
Steamer GEN. FRISBIE or MONTICELLO—
9:45 a. ra.. 3:15 and 8:30 p. m., except Sunday.
Sunday. 9:45 a. m.. 8:30 p. m. Leave Vallejo.
7 a. ra.. 12:30 noon, 6 p. m.. ex. Sunday. Sun-
day. 7 a. m.. 4:13 p. m. Fare, 50 cents. Tel.
Main 1508. Pier 2. Miaelon-st. dock. HATCH
BROS. . IPROMINENT LOS ANGELES WOMAN WHO TOLD IN COURT YESTER
DAY HOW HER HUSBAND SHOT HER IN THE HOTEL ARCADIA
AT SANTA MONICA LAST SEPTEMBER.
Bronchial troubles -are often permanently,
cured by l'iso's Cure for Consumption. 25c bot. *
The old original Indian .Basket Store,
638 Post st., cor. - Jones, selling- out at cost.-
Examine our stock "-before buying., *
Professor J. C. llerrlam delivered a lec
ture entitled "Explanation . of ' Caves of
California",, at the Academy of Sciences
last evening before a', large- audience. The
lecture ¦ was - illustrated -> by excellent
lantern slides. - -
Lectures on Caves.
Wants His Case Reviewed.
Paul E. Cleu, who was dismissed from
the police force by the Poll(» Commission
ers because of his alleged failure to pay
his debts, .wants the actioil of. the.Com
missioners reviewed. In a petition for a
writ of' certiorari filed by him yesterday
he ;claims that they acted in excess of
their powers. ! ! • '
Daniel O'Brien, a rockfeeder, wIid wa3
injured last September by the explosion
of a boiler at the . rock quarry of John
Biggio & Son t filed a suit for $40,2*5 dam
ages agsrinst the Bigglos yesterday. Ife
claims the explosion was due to the cara
lessness of his' employers in using a de
fective boiler. ¦'
Explosion Causes Damage Suit.
Wedding' cake boxes, wedding stationery. Ed
ward S. Knowles. 24 Second st.: Main 538. •
A - young Mexican woman named Re
fugio Rostico or Cuca took carbolic add
early yesterday morning -in her room at
425 Bush street during a quarrel with her
consort, an habitue of the Barbary Coast
dance halls. The woman was taken to \he
Central Emergency Hospital and died on
the operating table at '2:40 a. m.
Takes Carbolic Acid.
The United States: Civil 'Service Com
mission announces that 'hereafter exami
nations' for all" positions under schedule
D in the • mint , and i assay ¦ service, San
Francisco,' will .be held ea'ch year on the
second .Saturday ., in \ December. Applica
tions ! for.- such v positions under schedule
b will, be accepted" at any time during the
year up to the close of business on No
verhbev 30 for the examination to be held
in the following December; Applications
received;. after that date, will be kept on
'file 'for 'the : examination ' to be held the
succeeding year. - Apply to the secretary
Consolidated* Board Civil Service Exam
iners; -301" Jackson street, -for application
form 1093,". which should be properly exe
cuted'and 1 filed; with, the Consolidated
Board of Kxaminers prior to November
30. . ' ->.>:¦¦;¦¦
Examinations for • the Mint.
CHATTAXOOOA. Tenn.. Nov. 2.— Mrs. Clin
ton B Flsk of New York was to-day elected
president of the Board of Managers ot th»
Women's Home Missionary Society of th«
Methodist Episcopal church.
Petitions in insolvency were filed in the
United States District Court yesterday
«s follows: A, W. Heinrich, merchant of
Eoseville, liabilities SS42, no assets; Snell
A Fleming, dry goods, Nevada City, lia
bilities, $5464. no assets; Patrick J. Hig
jins, laborer, Sacramento, liabilities $341,
no assets.
Petitions in Insolvency.
Since that time, there ' has • been - much
trouble over the ; custody of - : the.'baby.
The mother' kept Uhe child by -order 'of
the court and 'her 'attorney, advised .'her.
not to permit the father' to ; see : it.
mony of a. month was awarded ¦ her"
and a payment was due to-day." The" po
liceman has! made, many efforts to' see the
child. He ¦ succeeded about* one, 'month :
ago, but the door has been- closed 'upon'
him since that : time. Last- evening: he
telephoned to his wife -and asked '-about,
the child. -She: hung up 'the ;reqeiver.'
Half an hour, later the family,- assembled
in the dining-room;: heard footsteps in an
alleyway alongside of , the house and
knew that he had come.- , ' .;..'
.. Feld^s constant' threats caused the fam
ily to fear him, and as soon as he reach
ed the rear door and commenced kicking
on it. Dirking shouted to the women to
run upstairs and take the baby with
them. They started through the house
and had just reached the bottom of: the
front stairway when the determined hus
band, having returned to the front of
the house again, opened the door, and
confronted them. According* to their'
story he drew a club or. an iron bar and
commenced beating them through the
door. Fourteen-year-old Fritz Dirking,
the son, then rushed Into the hallway and
was also struck.
The elder Dirking ' ran through the
house and sought to. protect the women.
Heordered them upstairs, but Mrs. Feld
ran into her own room/ adjoining the par-
TROUBLE OVER CHILD.,
Mrs. Feld brought a suit for divorce
last April. She alleged cruelty .'and de
sertion. In support of these charges, she
said that her ' husband had frequently
beaten her and that on a number of oc
casions he had placed a revolver to her
head and • threatened to blow her\bralns
out. She said her life was ¦ one of terror;
and that she could endure her husband's
society no longer. '¦. The . wife remained
in the country for some months and'after
her return, In July, resolved to again live
with her husband. ' This • union * lasted
just two weeks, when she was obliged to
return -to her parents and on September
20 filed another suit for divorce, the other
having been withdrawn. J ' >.. .
Feld was appointed to the police force
about five years ago. Three years ago he
was brought before the Police. Comrhls
sloners on a serious charge and soon aft
erwards married Miss Alice Dirking." The
life of the couple seems to have been' one
of unhappiness. Even the patrolman's
mother, with whom both lived for some
time, admits that she was - required to
ask them to seek other shelter. Then they,
went to the home of Policeman Quarrals
at 2538 Geary street, but,- 'fy*' before, they
could not agree and were asked to move.
A child that was born one j year after
their marriage did not seem to ! bring'
about felicity and some • months ago the
two decided to live apart. -
THREATENS .WIFE.
Fritz Durking, an insurance agent,
last night. The shooting occurred at
Durking's home. 11 Fair avenue, and
grew out of a long line of family troubles.
Feld and his wife have separated and the
latter is at present suing - for a divorce.
The policeman went to the Dirking house,
where his spouse is living at present,
and, being refused permission to see his
2-year-old child, caused the tragedy.
According" to the version of Mrs. Feld,
her jnother and her brother, the affair
was unprovoked. They' admit, however,
that Dirking was armed with a knife,
which was given to him for purposes of
self-defense by his young son, but' say
he received it after he had >• been shot.
After the fatal shot had been fired Feld
entered the house, broke -into a room
-where his wife was and struggled wi{h
her. He entered with the revolver in his
hand, but replaced it. in his pocket. It is
claimed that he attempted to draw the
weapon and use .it afterward. ' but the
woman prevented him from doing so until
the police entered the house and. made the
arrest. Another revolver figured . in /the
case. It was brought out' by the boy for
the purpose of protecting his sister. Feld
will not make a statement. . .
JOSEPH FELD, a patrolman con
nected with the O'Farrell-street
police station, shot and probably fa
tally injured his father-in-law.
Speaking on the 'Macedonian question
before the Channing "Auxiliary yesterday
afternoon, .Professor Jerome* B.' Landfield
of the University of California said that
the Turkish administration' in Macedonia
was very corrupt, especially as the ',offi
cials sent there were palace favorites giv
en their positions . that they might • have
an opportunity to make their fortunes.
Professor Landfield said: that such a con
dition of affairs, however, j did not . differ
so materially from the corruption. in. the
government of some of America's cities.
'The acute situation in Macedonia, he
sa<d, had quieted down chiefly because the
Christian brigands have had withdrawn
from them the moral support of Austria
and Russia, whose Joint note to the Sul
tan had done much to restore order.
That, he said,' seemed a satisfactory so
lution of ,the Macedonian problem. He
was of the opinion that the Just treatment
of the Turkish agriculturists of the pe
ninsula could only, come by the restora
tion of the Turkish administrative au
thority, bad though it be. and by the im
provement of that administration by Eu
ropean diplomatic pressure at Constanti
nople,- which could easily • be .brought
about if the powers would lay aside their
self-interest , for the ¦ good' of . alL
Professor Landfield Sees Little Dif
ference Between Turkish - and • -
Some American Officials. -¦¦ ¦.
CIVIC CORRUPTION OF,-
TWO LANDS. IS* SIMILAR
The feature of the examination was the
testimony of Mrs. •' Griffith, ' who for the
first time in public told of the attempt
by her husband to kill her. After the
usual preliminary questions she related
how she and her husband had taken a
walk upon the beach on the day of the
shooting and upon their return.'.to ¦ the
Hotel Arcadia began packing their per
sonal effects to return to Los -Angeles. ..
"I was packing a trunk and. he. was
helping me," she said, "wnen he suddenly,
left the room and returned. a moment later
with my prayer-book in one hand and a
The trial attracted an immense crowd
to the courtroom, as the case was prose
cuted by District Attorney Fredericks in
person and as special prosecutors ap
peared former Governor Henry T. Gage
and Isidore B. Dockweiler. The interests
of the defendant were looked after . by
Attorneys Charles Silent and Jchn D.
Works. ; r
This was the result of an all day pre
liminary hearing in Judge Chambers' de
partment of the Police Court, and at Its
conclusion the court declined to continue
in force the bond on which Griffith had
been at liberty, but insisted upon the exe
cution of a new bond. Pending the filing
of this bond the defendant was placed
in custody of an' officer and for several
hours was as much under arrest as he
would have been had he been behind the
bars of a jail.
It had been reported that Mrs. Grif
fith would- not prosecute her husband, and
this report was particularly 'emphasized
when about two .weeks ¦ ago; the two ar
ranged for_ a . property settlement by the
terms' of which Mrs. Griffith received
$62,500 cash, but all doubt " as to her in
tentions was removed to-day when she
entered the courtroom supported by her
sister and in a simple, forcible and direct
manner told the story of 'how her hus
band shot her a± the Hotel Arcadia in
Santa Monica on nhe night of September
3, shooting out her left eye and causing
her to leap from a third-story window, to
a porch below In order to escape another
bullet. •
MRS. GRIFFITH TESTIFIES."*
capitalist, ciubman, former mem
ber of the Board of Park Commissioners
and one of the most Benerally known
men in Southern California, was to-day
held to answer to the Superior Court, his
bail being fixed at $15,000.
LOS ANGELES, Nov. 2.— On a
charge of assault with a deadly
weapon with intent to kill his
wife. Colonel Griffith J. Griffith.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Feld is about 28 years of age and has
resided recently with, his mother at 903
Larkin street. : He V has .been before the
Police Commissioners • three times within
five • years. J On " the .-•* first , occasion fhe
charges were dismissed,"- on the second he
was fined- $100 and on the third $25. He
was locked up in the Ctty Prison and De
tective Ed Gibson placed in charge of the
case. . ."V ' .; .:' *•
PLACED UNDER" ARREST.
As soon 1 as Feld saw- Blank, his hands
being released,' he passed ; his revolver to
his wife, remarking, "Here comes the po
lice.- Take my • gun." v He, was placed un
der arrest and the injured man taken to
the hospital, where he made a statement,
substantiating the statements of the
others in the: case;' * • * , . • -
• Surgeons pronounced the wound a fatal
one 'and "the patient' suffered 'great pain
and breathed^with difficulty.-. He is about
50 years of age arid is connected with the
American* Insurance Company at 220 San
some street. He' is. highly; respected and
has always been 'known' as "a peaceable
manJ ¦ • • . - -
"If y£>u don't let me In," he is quoted
as having said, "I have something here
that will get me in." Then he drew his
revolver and fired a shot, which took ef
fect in the old man's left breast, pierced
his lung and inflicted a fatal wound,
according to the surgeons. ' Dirking stag
gered | back for a moment and Feld
stepped outside. Young Dirking, when he
heard the threat of the policeman, says
he rushed to the kitchen and seized a
bread knife. Before he could return he
heard the shot, but when he reached his
father he placed it in his hand.
Dirking, armed with the ' knife, started
In pursuit of Feld, who still carried the
revolver in his hand. The two ran up
the hill for a short distance, but the ex-v
ertjoij was too much for the wounded
man and he started back again, crying
"Murder" as he ran. Young Dirking
xlimbed out of a window and went In
quest. of Dolfce officers.
.* Feld returned to .the. house and went
directly to the room occupied by his wife.
He broke the door in and, with the re
volver In his hand, seized her. The wom
an cried 'for mercy and Feld placed the
weapon' In>hi3 pocket. Almost Immedi
ately ; he is said ; to have reached for it
again, but his /wife seized him and strug
gled with him.' Then young Dirking took
another revolver from the bureau drawer
and gave it to his sister for the purpose
of- defending herself, but at' this juncture
Sergeant of. .Police Blank jumped through
a window and rushed to the room.
lor. Feld demanded an entrance. Dirk
ing refused and an argument ensued.
SHOOTS FATHER-IN-LAW.
. M. : H: Flint, superintendent of the rail
way, mail .service, isiUp from Los Angeles
and registered at the Occidental.
' Judge E. M. Ross. leaves for Los An
geles to-night. : *. /"
- J.:' F.' Burslem^of Sonora, Mexico, ac
companied by.W.-.R. P. DIxon" and J. L.
"Shaw of England, arrived at the Occi
dental yesterday from the, southern re
public, where thev have \ been looking
over mining properties.
Dr. and Mrs. P. V. Gushing of Denver
are at the. Lick. <
. R.. A.'- Martin, ¦ agent for the Southern
Pacific .Company, at Redding, is in the
city on business and staying at the Pal
ace,
Brigadier} General (Robert L. Meade,
United States Marine Corps, who has Just
relinquished "his post -at, Mare Island, is
at .the. Occidental en route to the East.
PERSONAL MENTION.
The cross-examination was most vigor
ous, but it failed to shake her story. The
attorneys for the defense disclosed by
their questions that they will attempt to
prove that Griffith was temporarily in
sane from drink at the time of the shoot-
Ing. After she had been . excused Mrs.
Griffith fainted in the corridor of the
cpurtroom and the services of a physician
.were required. Other witnesses testified
to having founfl-the wounded woman and
what was donewlth her. When the prose
cution rested the defense stated that it
had. no evidence to introduce and the
court then set the bail of the defendant at
$15,000 and demanded a new bond as
'.stated. 1 ' ¦ •; •
"I think I went' out backwards, as I
struck on my left shoulder. I alighted on
the roof about twelve or fourteen feet be
low and broke my shoulder.. I picked my
self ui> and found 'that Icouldnot use my
left side at all. I used by right hand to
open a window and got in i«ie room di
rectly beneath ours. overhead." .
"What did you do then?"
• '"I rushed to a wash-basin and secured
a towel with which ; to stop the blood,
which was flowing freely.' Then I got to
the couch and laid down.""
Mrs. Griffith then related how other
persons came to her assistance and sent
for a physician and explained the nature
of the wound. . , . .'...•. ' .,
"Do you remember how you went out
of the window .'' asked Attorney Fred
ericks.
"I threw up my hand to my face, fear-
Ing another shot. Then I backed to the
window, opened it and got out. I got out
as quickly as I could, for I feared that I
would be shot again."
At this point Mrs.. Griffith broke down
and could not recover the command of her
voice for a moment.'
revolver in the other. I though he in
tended for me to pack both articles, but
as he approached me he pointed the re
volver at me and told mo to get down
on my knees. I did so, at the same time
asking what he meant. Then te told me
to say my prayers. He said he wanted
to ask me some questions and I replied
that I would answer any questions ha
desired.
TOLD TO SAY PRAYERS.
"I pleaded with him to put down tho
revolver. He commanded me to close my
eyes, saying he Intended to shoot me, and
I closed them. Then I asked him for
time to pray and he told me brutally to
go ahead with my prayers. Than he took
a slip of paper from his .pocket and asked
me if I knew anything about Mr. Bris
walter having been poisoned, ,and I an
swered that I knew nothing about it. He
then wanted to know whether I had been
a true wife and I replied by telling him
that he knew I had always been true.
Then with an oath he- shot me.
POLICEMAN WHO SHOT AND FATALLY WOUNDED HIS FATHER-IN
LAW LAST NIGHT WHILE TRYING TO FORCE HIS WAY INTO THE
LATTER'S HOME. AND HIS VICTIM.
The Associated Oil Company, through
the combination that was effected by it,
became the largest holder of popductlve
oil lands in California and also the largest
nroducer. Contracts were made: to sup
ply millions of barrels of oil per annum
to power and manufacturing plants, the
bulk of the business being in San Fran
cisco. It was supposed popularly that
the combination would bring about a
higher price for fuel oil. Some compa
nies that expected to share In- the ad
vance and that preferred to : J maintain
their identity as individual producers re
fused to join with the Associated Oil
Company. The price has not been much
increased since the -Associated Oil Com
pany came into existence.
The production that was possible was
practically almost unlimited. The local
consumption did not by any means call
for the opening of the greatest possible
number of wells that would produce rich
ly in either the Kern River or dther Kern
County fields. The amount of oil thrown
upon the market'could be easily, increased
largely. The knowledge of these facts
has been one factor in •keeping the mar
ket price of fuel oil down.
The Standard Oil Company, which is a
large consumer of oil In this State,
through its refinery, and also a large sell
er of oil, saw In the Associated Oil Com
pany Its strongest competitor for the bus
iness ! in California. It created a pipe
line from Bakersfleld that istcapable of
delivering at the Point Richmond works
20,000 barrels of oil daily. By this move
it placed itself in a stronger position in
the San Francisco market as'a seller of
the fuel oil, the cost of transporting oh
by pipe line being estimated at not more
than eight cents per barrel, while all
others who moved ollby. ralljhad to pay
upward of 30 cents per barrel for. trans
portation. This difference played into the
hands of the Southern Pacific Company,
which naturally wanted to ' get oil as
cheaply as possible and militated against
largely increasing earnings ,on the part
of the Associated Oil Company, which
circumstance had the same general bear
ing.
DISPATCH GIVES PRICE.
A press dispatch from Bakersfleld con
tains the assertion that for its holdings
the Reed Crude Oil receives,, $1,660,000 and
the San Joaquin Oil Company $840,000. The
Bear Flag Company, which was allied
with the Associated Oil Conjpany, parted
with its holdings of stock some time ago
and the fact was announcedfin The. Call.
It is now reported that the Kern Oil
Company has decided to • distribute its
stock In the Associated Oil Company
among its individual stockholders, *ho
will be in a position to do. as they please
with it. The deal of yesterday was made
through the Union Trust Company. •
OTHER DEALS RUMORED.
While all those that are concerned as
principals in the proceedings that led to
the sale of millions of shares of Associ
ated Oil stock /are secretive it is said by
the wise ones; who are^ acquainted with
the methods of the Southern Pacific Com
pany that the transportation company
never contents itself with a minority hold
ing in any enterprise in which It engages.
It is also Intimated that other companies
that took the stock of the Associated Oil
Company for their properties are', in ne
gotiation for the sale of their sto<k hold
ings to the Southern Pacific Coynpany.
How far these negotiations have proceed
ed is not given out. The inference that Is
drawn from tho remarks of those who
ought to know is that the Southern Pa
cific Company has paved the way fpr get
ting control of a majority lnterest'in the
Associated Oil Company. *,
So far as the Southern Pacific Com
pany is concerned as a transportation
company the significance of the great
deal of yesterday a*nd what may grow out
of it and similar transactions lies in the
fact that the railroad people are taking
in oil fields as they used to get coal
fields for lh*lr own use. Oil pro
duced in California has been proven to bo
a much more economical fuel for locomo
tives than coal. A large annual^ saving
has been effected by both the South
ern Pacific and Santa Fe railroad peo
ple since they began to use, crude
petroleum on their engines. The Santa' Fe
has acquired large oil land holdings to in
sure itself all the oil fuel that it may need
at the bare cost of production, and to
make this certain paid a large advance
over the original cost of lands and wells
to own them. The Southern Pacific Com
pany is pursuing the same plan*
THE ASSOCIATED OIL.
Long negotiations were necessary to
obtain the consent of the stockholders of
all the companies, somewhat more than a
score in number, that were finally brought
under one control by the Associated Oil
Company. When such general; consent
had been secured the Associated Oil Com
pany took In all the stock, plants, fran
chises, leases, supplies of oil on hand and
contracts for supplying oil and- issued to
the -stockholders in the consolidated com
panies' shares of stock in payment for
their former holdings. These are, the se
curities that the Reed Crude Oil and the
San Joaquin Company yesterday parted
with.
Five million shares of the Btock of the
Associated Oil Company that were held
in equal parts «by the Reed Crude Oil and
the San Joaquin Oil Company passed into
the hands of the Southern Pacific Com
pany yesteiday. The deal took place in
this city and was based on a J Value of 30
cents a share, the railroad company pay
ing cash and securing the entirte holdings
of the two companies mentioned.
The feature of the affair that will at
tract the greatest attention is the fact
that the Southern Pacific Conipany has
started on a large scale to buy out for
cash the stock holdings ot the companies
that were welded into one great and sup
posedly permanent combination some time
ago by the Associated Oil Company. That
corporation started in business with capi
tal stock amounting to 540,000,000 for the
purpose of buying up all the stock plants
and everything appertaining to a large
number of oil companies doing business
in the Kern County fields and principally
In the Kern River district.
Transportation Corporation Makes
Move to Secure Controlbf Com
bine and Insure Fuel
Supply.,
Millions of Shares pf Asso
ciated Oil Company
Change Hand£.
Wolb, who was detained by the police,
was released yesterday by Captain of De
tectives Martin. Schmidt is also wanted
by the police for. burglary committed in
robbing a grocery on Capp street.
If Schmidt is located and arrested the
police will charge him with manslaughter
for causing Mrs. Wilson's death and also
place charges of burglary and robbery
against him.
Schmidt roomed at the woman^tiJinuse,
and on Sunday afternoon he informed
Caspar Wolb, another roomer in the
house, that he was going to the place to
secure his clothing and other effects.
Schmidt and Wolb were in a saloon at
Eighteenth and Shotwell streets at the
time of this conversation. Schmidt left
Wolb and a few hours afterward the dead
body of Mrs. Wilson was found at the
foot of the stairs in her house.
WAS LAST SEEN SUNDAY.
The theory of the police is that
Schmidt went to the house of Mrs. Wil
son on Sunday evening in order to get his
clothes,- and that he demanded a wedding
dress from the woman, which he had
given her. Refused in his request, ;
Schmidt Is supposed to have seized the j
dress and cut it to pieces and that Mre.
Wilson then struggled with him for pos
session of the garment. In the struggle
that followed she undoubtedly received ,
a number of bruises and succumbed to'
heart failure, brought on. by the excite
ment. . • •
CAUNOT LOCATE SCHMIDT.
Schmidt . undoubtedly , thought that he
had killed the woman. and fled and, up to
!act evening, detectives had been unable
to find him. Schmidt's companions on
the water front, where he worked as a
s-allor. informed the police yesterday that
they believed the missing man had com
mitted suicide, as he was of a morose
and despondent turn of mind when last
t^een on Sunday.
The investigation of the detectives yes
terday showed that Schmidt was arrested
f< ur years ago for petty larceny and was i
sentenced to one year in the County
Jail.
A few days Ego Schmidt, who was en
paped to be married to Mrs. Wilson, was
suspected of robbing a Pacific Mail
• :• amer employe. The theft was report
ed to the police and suspicion fastened on
rt< Jimidt.
The detectives located a stolen watch
in the possession of Mrs. Wilson. Last I
Saturday sht was interviewed by de- i
tcctives and was asked where she had j
secured the watch. She told the officers^!
that Schmidt had given it to her. She
surrendered the watch to the detectives I
axid Schmidt was not arrested, as the j
officers hoped to locate the rest of the !
articles stolen while Schmidt was work- j
ins at the Mail Dock.
Mrs. Wilson, on Saturday last, informed |
the police that she had broken off her |
engagement to marry Schmidt when she j
learned he was a thief, and that he had
then demanded the wedding dress he had '
given "to her. She was offered police pro
tection from Schmidt, but she replied
that if he annoyed her she would be
able to defend herself.
Mrs. Annie Wilson, "the woman who was
found dead in her house at 5 Capp street
last Sunday evening, and who was sup
posed to have been murdered by George
Charles Schmidt, alias "Pistol Jack," a
sailor, was not murdered.
An autopsy was held on the body of
Mrs. Wilson yesterday by Dr. Bacigalupi,
autopsy Eurg-eor., and he found that the
cause of the woman's death was heart
disease, evidently produced by excite
ment. The autopsy also revealed that
Mrs. "Wilson was suffering from disease
of the kidneys and liver, caused by alco
holism. There were a number of bruises
on her body, but none of these had any
connection with the woman's death.
In the case of James P. Lavin. immi
grant inspector, and Sister M. Angelique.
sister superior of the House of the Good
Shepherd, appellants, vs. Yvonne I>e
Fevre, Georgette Normand and Marie L^
Fevre that judgment of the Circuit Court
was modified with instructions to vacate
its order of deportation, discharge the
writ of habeas corpus and remand the
women to the custody of the immigrant
inspector for deportation to France.
The women were imported from France
for an Immoral purpose and at the port
of New York were denied a landing. They
then went to British Columbia and tried
to effect a landing at the port of Seattle.
They were held up by the Immigrant Bu
reau at that port. The Secretary of the
Treasury ordered their deportation Jo
France and the matter was brought into
tne Circuit Court on habeas corpus pro
ceedings. The Circuit Court overruled
the order of the Secretary of the Treas
ury and made an order that they »houll
be deported to British Columbia.
In the case of the United States of
America vs. Chesley C. Moses, a Wash
ington case, the judgment and decree of
the court below were reversed. The ac
tion was Drought to determine the valid
ity of the Federal eight-hour provision
In the statute, and the Circuit Court of
Appeals holds tnat It does not apply to
Alaska.
Judges. Grtbert. Rosa and Morrow, sit
ting as th« United States Circuit Court
of Appeals, handed down three decision*
yesterday the most important ot which
affirms the judgment of the Circuit Court
of Montana in the case of F. Augustus
Helnze and F. Augustus Heinze, as the
administrator of the estate of James Lar
kln, deceased, and Clara A. I^arkin, ap
pellants, vs. the Butte and Boston Con
solidated Mining Company and others, ap
pclles. Judge Ross filed a ilissentins opin
ion. The majority opinion affirming the
judgment of the lowrr court is slg.ied fcy
Judges Gilbert and Morrow. In the cours d
of the opinion they say:
"We think that the possession which
the law Imputes to the holder of th« legal
title is sufficient to maintain partition un
der this statute. • • • No issue has beon
raised as to the complainant's title or
possession. • • • Neither in their an
swer nor in thair cross bill do the ap
pellants allege an adverse possession of
the premises In controversy or of the in
terests claimed by the appellee corpora
tion. • • • The cross bill was in the
nature of an original bill to remove a
cloud from the appellants' alleged title,
to declare a trust and to set aside a con
veyance. It contained all the necessary
averments of an original bill asking af
firmative relief. It presented a case of
equitable Jurisdiction. It would have sus
tained a decree If the complainant's bill
had been dismissed. It was before the
court for disposition as an original suit.
• • • We agree with the views express
ed In the dissenting opinion filed In this
cause, that there Is no ground to disturb
the findings of fact made by the trial
court."
The suit was originally begun in 1S37
and was to determine the ownership of a
two-th!rds interest in the Butte and Bos
ton Consolidated mine in Montana, the
title being in the name of J. Sulli
van and others. Their title was not
attacked, but It was contended that
as they were not In physical pos
session the appellants, who were In
such possession, had the right to con
tinue to extract the ore and work the
mine. The decision of the Court of Ap
peals is that the title not having been at
tacked by the adverse parties, it carried
t*ith It possession, and that, thereforp.
Sullivan and his associates could not be
barred from their rights to enter upon
and receive their share of what was ex
tracted.
Schmidt Cleared of Murder
Suspicion, but Police
Still Want Him. ,
Southern Pacific Buys
Out Reed Crude and
San Joaquin.
Judge Ross Files Dissenting
Document, but Concedes
the Facts.
Appeal Court Affirms
Judgment in Mining
\ Contest.
Mrs. Annie Wilson's
Death Not Caused
•by Violence.
RAILROAD
MAKES GREAT
STOCK DEAL
WOMAN KILLED
BY EXCITEMENT
DECIDES CASE
AGAINST HEINZE
SHOOTS HIS FATHER-IN-LAW
WHILE TRYING TO SEE CHILD
Poficeman Joseph Feld Becomes Frenzied When
Denied Entrance to Home of His Estranged
Wife and Wounds Fritz Dirking, Her Parent
WOMAN TELLS HOW HUSBAND
SHOT HER IN A HOTEL ROOM
Mrs. Griffith Griffith of Los Angeles Appears
in Court for the First Time Since the Santa
Monica Incident and Faints After the Recital
THE SAN FBANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 3/ 1903.
16
ADVTRTISEMENTS.
W Is
*Miss Whittaker, a prominent ¦
club woman of Savannah, Ga.,
tells how she was entirely cured
of ovarian troubles by the use
of Lydia E Pinkham's Vegetable
Compound.
Deab Mbs. Pdtkham:— T Ixeaxtily
rccogimend Lydia E. Pinkham's
Vegetable Compound as a Uterine
Tonic and Ee^pilator. I suffered for
four years with, irregularities and
Uterine troubles. No one but those
who hare experienced this dreadful
agony can form any idea of the physi*
cal and mental misery those endure
who are thus afflicted. Your Vege-
table Compound cured me within
three months. I was fully restored to
health and strength, and now my
periods are regular and painless.
What a blessing it is to be able to
obtain such a remedy when so many
doctors fail to help vou. JLydia E.
Pinkham's Vegetable Compound
is better than any doctor or medicine
I ever had. Very truly yours, Miss
East "WHrrrAKEB, 604 39th St, W.
Savannah, Ga." — tsooo forfeit If original of
*bove letter proving genuineness ccuwot be produced.
The testimonials which we
are constantly publishing from
grateful women prove beyond a
doubt the power of Lydia E.
Pinkham's Vegetable Compound
to conquer female diseases*.
- ADVEB-TISEMEirrS.
i..MIHRAN > $..i
S NETW COLLECTIOX $
S OF RAREST ANTIQUE g
fPersianJ
I Rugs 1
g Has Arrived' and Is Now jg
| ON EXHIBITION g
w And Will be Sold at <%
AUCTIONS
iS COMMENCING g
| WEDNESDAY, NOV. 4th S
O DAILY" AT 2:30 P. M. g
8 This nr«? Importation contains rarest «
8 real antiques which will delight con- J5
P : noisseurs and lovers of the antique. U
Q* The collection of large carpets Is most S
S beautiful «ver seen. S
o The- entire collection will prove a ft
Q surprise to those who are interested la Q
<r> lost art. - O
MIHRAN'Sf
| 205 Post Street g
I BwH Pa [1 * m &S^* WGW Jk
Dr. Lyon's
PERFECT
Tooth Powder
Used by people of refinement
lor over a quarter of a century
PREPARED BY
•^ 9/' & -\ mot t*