VOLUME XCV—NO. 30.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
SAN FRANCISCO,' WEDNESDAY; "'DECEMBER.- 30, 1903.
• ¦ • .•
WASHINGTON, Dec. 29.— Preparation of the answer of this Government
to the communication from General Reyes, the C«lombian envoy, is pro
gressing, but it is said that it will not be ready for presentation before
Thursday. The death of Mr. Thomas, the translater in the State Depart
ment, has caused some delay in the work. .
.No intimation can be obtained officially as to the character of this Gov
ernment's reply, but it Is said the continuance , of negotiations with Gen
eral Reyes for some little time is quite likely. His frequent conferences with
the officials of the administration have enabled General Reyes to realize
that the United States will not retrace a step on the isthmus. Whether
Colombia may, hope for relief from Congress, in the shape of an indemnity
for the loss she has suffered In the secession of Panama, is a matter/which
can be left open for the present, it Ms said, as Colombia and the United
States are concerned now with the broader question as to the inter
pretation of the treaty of 1846. " ," i y x \± ¦
. Returning a visit of Secretary Root, made several days ago, General
Reyes called at the War Department this afternoon and vas with the Sec
retary for a half hour. General Reyes took occasion to reiterate the great
pressure he was bringing to bear oh his to remain quiet until his
mission was finished. The Secretary fully appreciates the delicate posi
tion of General Reyes, and it'is possible will be able to. give him some*sug
gestions as to how the Colombians may be made-aware of the real situation
here. ¦....'.¦•¦
General .Reyes deprecates the publications which. have appeared, pur
porting, to give the substance of his note to this. Government. He "pro
nounces them to be incorrect. He does not want, to discuss the matter at
this time, but deems | it expedient to make, the statement that Colombia,
in her initial note, hasdwelt upon the several clauses of the treaty of 1846
which, . in her opinion, the United States has violated. As to what if any
redress the United States will offer, that is regarded as a matter for discus
sion in future notes. -•• •'
General Reyes has asked to be excused from attending the New Year's
United States' Reply to Reyes Will
Give Colombia No Hope.
Continued on Pajje 2, Columns 2 and 3.
Continued on Page ' 2, Columns 2 and 3.
CAPE TOWN*, Dec. 23.— Th« Cape
Times reports grave alarm throughout
German territory in South Africa, say
ing that there are fears of a ST«a«ral
Hottentot rising there.
Fear a General Hottentot Rising.
MOSCOW. Dec. 29. — The Govern
ment is considering a plan for making
the sale of. tea and sugar a state
monopoly, as proposed by M. Wltte
while Finance Minister. There is much,
opposition to the proposal on the part
of the tea trade and the grocers, but
the growing needs- of the treasury and
the exhaustion of other resources, as
pointed out in Witte's last budget, are
believed in well-informed circles to
make the adoption of the proposition
probable.
The present brandy monopoly yields
about a fourth of .the revenues of the
empire and the monopoly of tea and
sugar is expected to be even more
profitable, as the expense of its opera
tion will be small.
RUSSIAN GOVERNMENT MAY
MAKE ANOTHER MONOPOLY
Nothing Is known here regarding tile
crime except that Sheriff Kelly had ft
message some time ago stating thfi
three negroes wanted for murder wers
headed this way and were last seen at
Mendota.
BAKEKSFIELD. Dec. 29.— A tele
phone message from Kernvllle, received
by Sheriff Kelly to-day, from Constable
McCrackcn, says that four negroes sus
pected of a recent murder at Stockton
have been arrested in the raountain
town. One of them is said to answer a
description furnished by the Sheriff of
San Joaquin County as one of the men
wanted.
Constable at Kemvillo An
nonnees Arrest of Men Who
May Have Committed Crime
FOUR NEGROES
ARE SUSPECTED
It has been known for weeks that every step necessary has
been taken for dispatching to the isthmus 'just as large a force of
troops as exigencies might require,- should the situation at any
time cliange. This. expedition.; was organized several weeks ago
and the details were published at the time. Transportation was
arranged for over various rai. roads to the nearest points of em
barkation, aiid arrangements : also were made to provide trans
ports with full commissariats and medical supplies on twenty-four
"Department arid other commanders are preparing their
men for whatever, sen-ice they may be called on to* perform- A
military, force may be needed on the isthmus if the United States
undertakes the work of construction of the canal, and for the pur
pose of assisting m preventing the predatory operations of guer
rilla bands, which may result from the trouble between. Panama
and Colombia. The future action of the War Department will
depend entirely upon the circumstances as they develop. If troops
are sent they Will go from New York and from San Francisco,
while such animals as may' be needed will be transported 'from
New Orleans, .thus avoiding long passages by water.
"Some of the departments of the army are-making-prepara
tions, notably at San Francisco, " in the equipment of the army for
> CALL BUREAU." 1406 G STREET. X. \\\. WASHING
TON. Dec. 29. — The general staff of the army believes that, de
spite all reports to the contrary. Colombia may be able to land
troops in Panama., and to prevent a conflict United States troops
will be sent to the isthmus, if necessary.
i. i It is understood the following have been ordered to hold
themselves in readiness for transportation : The First, Fifth and
Twenty-fourth batteries of field artillery, Presidio of San Fran
cisco; the Eighth, Battery of field; artillery, Vancouver Bar
racks; Troops A. B. C and D, Ninth Cavalry. . \ colored), Mon
terey. Cal. : Troops I, K, L and Mr 'Ninth ' Cavalry; Presidio;
the Fifteenth Infantry. Monterey: r the ; Nineteenth Infantry,
Vancouver Barracks; the Tenth Infantry, cantonment, San Fran
cisco; battalions of the Thirteenth InfanUy at Fort McDowell,
Fort Mason and Benicia Barracks, Cal.; four companies of the
Sixteenth Infantry at Fort Slocum, N. Y., and eight companies
of the same regiment at Fort-McPherson, Ga. *'
Lieutenant Colonel Shaler of the general army staff will
make a reconnoissance of strategic points in Panama .to be occu
pied by our troops. It. is believed that the troops will be dis
patched from San Francisco to Panama by the transports Sher-
Special Di.-pntch to The Call.
RAILROAD
IS SINKING
INTO LAKE
COMMANDER OF THE DEPARTMENT OF CALIFORNIA. OFFICER
WHO MAY BE SENT TO PANAMA. TRANSPORTS READY TO
SAIL AND WARSHIP THAT STARTS TO-DAY.
Ogden-Lucin Cut-Off
Is Again Giving
Trouble.
VIENNA POLICE
ARREST FORCER
Capture an American "Who Fled
From Paris After Cashing a
Worthless Letter of Credit
BERLIN, Doc. 23.— Mark Palzer. an
American, has been arrested at Vienna,
accused of having forged a letter of
credit for 510,000 on the Darmstadt
Bank of Commerce and Industry,
which he cashed in Paris. Palzer car
ried considerable foreign money and
newly purchased securities amounting
to ISOOO.
The Darmstadt Bank representative
announced on the Boerse to-day that
its loEs-es through the Palzer forgery
will amount to only $2000.
Palzer also forged a letter of credit
for $2000 on the Nice branch of the
Credit Lyonnais. which letter apparent
ly had not been cashed.
Palzer recently secured a position in
the Darmstadt Bank here, but as he
proved unsatisfactory he was given
notice that he would be dismissed.
SALT LAKE, Utah, Dec. 29.— Owing
to a further settling In the track in
two places the Ogden-Lucin cut-off of
the Southern Pacific across the great
Salt Lake will not be opened to regular
traffic on New Years day, as had been
planned. It was announced that the
new work was practically, completed on
Thanksgiving day, when President E.
II: Harriman and a large party of in
vited guests, including ' many promi
nent railroad men, inspected the cut
off.
"Trains will be running regularly
over the cut-off on January 1," declared
Harriman on that day. He was rely
ing upon the assurance of Chief En
gineer William Hood that the quag
mires had been conquered.
The hope has proved false, however.
In two different places the roadbed has
sunk heavily since then, until the en
gineers do not dare permit the regular
running of trains over the track.
The trouble is worst between camps
28 and CO. A large force of men and
two piledrivers are hard at work there
trying to brace up the weak spots. The
trestle is apparently solid, but the
weight of the ballast in the solid road
bed is pressing the soft mud out on
both sides and allowing the track to
settle in the same manner, although
not quite so seriously, as when an en
gine and several cars were thrown Jnto
the lake a few months ago and a num
ber of men were killed. The engineers
In charge are quoted as having said
privately probably several months
would elapse before trains could be
safely run over the cui-oflL
OLLOWERS Ol' 3IONTALON
HANG SECRET SERVICE MEN
i /
MANILA, Dec. 30. — News has been
re-eived from Cavite that on Decem
be- 2Z Montalon's band of la drones
captured and hanged two members of
the constabulary secret service.
Artillery and Infantry Ordered to
Be in Readiness to Move.
The financial position of the Morales
Government is bad. Thr- officials find
it difficult to obtain rations fnr the s=r>V.
diers. Th" Arr,«>ri<-an Minister, Poweil,
who has bf^n living in the suburbs,
has be^n compelled to move, the lega
tion inpMe th* 1 ejty boundaries.
WASHINGTON. Dec. 2?.— With three
revolutions raging in Santo Domingo,
the -forces of Jirrinez attacking San
Domingo city and exritpm^nt prevail
ing. Minister Powell believes the situa
tion demands the presence of an addi
tional irarchip and in a cablegram ap-
Ji^a!s to »h«= Stato Department for aid.
In anticipation of the crisis, which ap-
P^ars to havp arrived, the State De
partment already had tjiken steps to
send another warship to San Domingo,
and at its request Secretary Moody
yesterday cabled to Rear Admiral
Lambprtnn, commanding th<* South
Atlantic squadron, now at Trinidad, to
dispatch on* 1 of his vessels to San Do
mingo nt full sp^ed to assist the gun
boat Newport in protecting American
and other interests.
Admiral Lamberton has cabled th«
Navy Department from Trinidad that
he has sent the Scorpion to reinforce
the Newport in Dominican waters.
A commission from San Pedro de
Macoris, which has d<y*larted in favor
tof the insurgents, arrived here to-day
and is demanding th^ surrender of San
Domingo to the insurgent force?.
General Morales, the provisional
Prrsid^nt. is determined to resist to the
limit s?'.l attacks by the insurgents. He
!"ft last night on th<» Dominican gun
boat Independ"-nfia, with the intention
of attacking the insurgents in ports to
ihf> south.
The Clyde line steemship Cherokee
arrived in port to-day. The Govern
ment authorities demanded that that
portion of the Cherokee's cargo des
tined for Azua d? Compostella be dis
charged here. This demand was re
"rwsted by the Fteam«=hfp agents, who
notified th«» Government that the Chrr
okee would proceed. In case of aggres
sion on the part of the Government au
thorities the Etea:n?hip apent will ask
United States Minister Powell for pro-
SAN DOMINGO, Sunday. Dee. 27.—
The insurgents are attacking this city,
¦which is being defended by the troops
of the provisional government, who are
now fiphting in force.
• Scorpion Is Sent to Join the Newport
in Protecting the Interests
of Foreigners.
SACRAMENTO, Dec. 23. — City
Plumbing Inspector Robert E. Chap
man declares he will cause the arrest
of Governor Pardec'9 plumber, Fred
Pierce of Oakland, unless the latter
does over again certain work at the
Governor's mansion so as to make it
comply with the local plumbing ordi
nances.
The State recently purchased the
StefTens house c-n II street for a Gov
ernor's mansion and it was renovated
at considerable expense to accommo
date the Governor's household. Recently
the Governor detected what h*> sup
nf^if'-Kas sewer gas, and sent for
Thomas Scoti^S^vC^'iTtCTrhfT.^ Scott
declared that there was no sewer V<*»~"
in the house, but that tt was infested
by bats.
The announcement naturally shocked
the inmates, and their nerves were not
quieted when City Plumbing Inspector
Chapman, who \va3 next called in,
agreed with Soott that bats had ta*ken
possession of the executive mansion.
The Governor was not convinced, but
sent for Fred Pierce, an Oakland
plumber. Pierce at once discovered th»
cause of the trouble Tn an open sewer
under the mansion and proceeded to
correct it. Now Chapman asserts that
Pierce did not comply with the local
plumbing ordinance in the matter and
threatens his arrest unless he comes
back and dors the work over again un
der his supervision.
Governor Pardee is indignant over
the episode, and it is said the Board
of Health will at its next meeting dis
cuss the propriety of retaining an in
spector who could not tell the difference
between sewer gas and bats.
Special Dispatch to The Catt.
Official at the Capital Declares That an
Ordinance Was Violated and
Stirs Indignation.
— ¦ « -*rm!i!
Sewer Gas or Bats a Ques
tion at Mansion of
Executive;
American Minister Powell
Appeals for Another
Warship.
Inspector Threatens
an Arrest at Sac
ramento.
Insurgents Attacking
the Stronghold ol
Morales.
GOVERNOR
MAY LOSE
A PLUMBER
DOMINICAN
CAPITAL IS
UNDER FIRE
|^SALL BUREAU, 1406 G STREET, N. W., WASHINGTON, Dec. 29.— The War Department, acting under the belief that there will be fighting soon be-
V*A twcen Colombian invaders and Panama, has taken time by the forelock and issued orders for certain regiments in Pacific Coast States to hold themselves in
\readiness for orders to proceed to the isthmus. They will not be sent unless their services there seem to be urgently demanded, and for obvious reasons the de
partmint has avoided publicity of its plans. It is said that General MacArthur was recalled from Honolulu in order to supervise in San Francisco these preparations.
COAST TROOPS MAY GO TO PANAMA
TO REPEL A COLOMBIAN INVASION
rcrecatt mad* at San Prtui
clsoo for thirty hours •adimf
midnight December 30, 1903:
San Proncisco and vicinity—
Pair Wednesday. becominr
cloudy at nlrht; lizfct north
easterly winds, changing to
southeasterly.
A. O. KcADHJ,
District forecaster.
TSS WEATSED.
' / TE3 THSATSBS.
— "* 3
rAlcaaar — "Blca Jeans."
' CaUfornla-4"Aro "jrou » aia»oar»
C«atfal — >*The Dairy ram."
O.' XJ."
"The Minister's Son."
Orpheum— Vaudeville.
The Chutes — Vaudeville.
Tivoli Opera-Houio— "Izicn."
Colnmbia— "The Girl With the
Green Eyes."
The San Francisco CallOn Christmas day he notified the
proprietors, Phillips <^ Schmid, that he
was going away, and'in settlement of
his bill of $9 he tendered the pro
prietors a draft for $129, purporting
to have been signed by the Great
.Western Improvement Company,' and
asked that he be given the difference
in cash, $120, which amount was
promptly handed to him. That was
John T. Scully cashed a draft for
$129, purporting to have been signed by
the Great Western Improvement Com
pany, at the Hotel . Netherland on
Christmas day, which draft has since
been repudiated by the company on the
ground that the signature is a forgery.
Scully, who is well known in San
Francisco and adjacent towns, has dis
appeared and the police have been do
ing their best to locate him.
For many years Scully was in the
employ of the Harvey eating houses,
which are located at different points
on the Santa Fe Railroad, and was es
pecially well known at Barstow, Ba
kersfleld and Fresno. Some time since
he resigned his position with the Har
vey Company and went to work for the
Great Western Improvement Company.
He claimed he was v a solicitor for that
concern. He also claimed that Chief
of Police Wittman, one of the directors
of the company, -was a great personal
friend of his. During his sojourns in
the city he was a transient guest at
the Netherland. , He always stopped
there when he was in town.
the last seen of Scully or the $120. The
draft was duly banked on the follow
ing day "and yesterday Phillips &
Schmid were greatly surprised to learn
from the Great "Western Improvement
Company that the draft was a for
gery. Payment was refused.
•The case was immediately placed in
the hands of detectives, but as Scully
had three days* start, he is undoubted
ly far beyond the reach of the officers
of this State.
Scully has always borne a good repu
tation, but latterly, it is reported, he
has been playing the races and trying
to borrow small sums from his casual
friends. His departure was so hur
ried that he did not even take time to
pack up his dress suit case, which he
left behind him, together with all his
other personal effects.
Blizznrd Sweeps Michigan.
CALUMET. Mich., Dec. 29. — An
extremely severe blizzard is raging in
the copper country. Railroad and
street car service is impaired. Four
teen inches of snow has fallen in the
last twenty-four hours.
The newly elected Democratic mem
bers of the Board of Supervisors have
issued a call for. a caucus to be held
this evening in the committee; room of
the board for \he purpose of rearrang
ing the membership of the various com
mittees into which the Board of Su
pervisors biennially resolves itself.
The personnel of some of the com
mittees will be radically changed, no
tably the«Fire Committee, from which
Supervisors Loughery, Wilson and
Lynch will retire, having failed of re
election.
Brandenstein will retain the chair
manship of the Finance Committee and
it is on the cards to select Payot Or
Rock to succeed Loughery, who will
retire therefrom. Who the third mem
ber of the committee to succeed Wilson
will be has not yet been decided, but
it may go to W. W. Sanderson, Repub
lican.
Supervisor Braunhart will remain as
chairman of the Public Utilities Com
mittee, on which he has done good
work and three Supervisors will be
selected to succeed Loughery, Walsh
and Curtis. Their successors may be
Supervisor-elect Finn, Union Labor;
Lunstedt, Republican; Oscar Hocks,
Democrat, or Supervisor Rea, Union
Labor and Republican.
VARIOUS CHANGES.
In all likelihood Supervisor-elect
Rock will succeed Curtis as chairman
of the Street Committee, although Su
pervisor Connor lias his eye on the
place. Connor, however, 's now chair
man of the Water Committee and it is
not likely that he will be given two
such important chairmanships. Braun
hart will remain as the third member
of the Street Committee. ;. '•
Supervisor Boxton said yesterday
that' he would not attend the caucus,
but would be satisfied to retain the
chairmanship of the Police Committee.
The other members -will pe Eggers and
possibly Hocks, to succeed. Curtis, who
will become Sheriff on January 8, next.
PIIELAN'S HAND APPEARS.
Supervisor-elect Finn may succeed
Lynch on the committees on Charities
and Correction and Fire. The two other
members of the Fire Committee will
probably be Sanderson "and Hocks. For
the vacancy on the Printing and Sal
aries Committee created by the retire
ment of Lynch the .names of Finn and
Lunstedt are prominently mentioned.
It is common talk around the City
Hall that ex-Mayor Phelan will be a
large factor in the selection of the
membership of the committees and that
"the names of those to be selected have
already been submitted to his scrutiniz
ing "eye.
It is understood that no changes will
be made- in the clerical- force, of the
board.* Charles W. Fay. will' remain as
clerk, John Behan as chief assistant
clerk and John Ryan, John Finn, F. H.
McKenna, James Donahue, James
Lynch and Thomas 'McGinnif, all of
whom- have demonstrated their effi
ciency, as "assistant clerks. The only
chance "will be the retirement of J: S.
Bannerman, . who will be succeeded as
assistant clerk by Supervisor Lough
ery;YCaptain Anderson expects to be
retained as sergeant at arms.'
Robbed Employers to Play the Races.
CHICAGO, Dec. 29.— Frederick Lind
strom, cashier for S. Friend, Moss &
Norris, confessed " to-day that he had
stolen $12,000 from them. He was ar
rested. It is said' that he lost the money
betting on horse races.
SUPERVISORS
WILL CAUCUS
FORGED DRIFT
MAKES TROUBLE
Two Attorneys Perish in a Fire.
•TROY, N. Y.. Dec. 30.-Moses T.
Clough, one of Troy's oldest lawyers,
and William Shaw, also one of Troy's
best known lawyers, lost their lives in
a, fire which destroyed the Troy Club
early this (Wednesday) morning.
CAVALRY WILL SAIL FOR
MANILA ON THE THOMAS
Motor Carriage Similar to an Auto
mobile Moves Five Cars Through
the Streets of Paris.
PARIS. Dec. 29. — Paris witnessed to.
day the successful operation r»f a
trackless train. Upon the conclusion
of the test the train stopped at the
Elysee Palace and the inventors re
ceived the felicitations of President
: Loubft. The train was composed of a
motor carriage, similar to an ordinary
automobile, and five cars. The discov
ery consists in the transmission of suf
ficient power from the carriages to
move each car. It was found that all
the cars tracked exactly with the
motor.
SUCCESSFUL, OPEUATIOX
OF A TRACKLESS TRAIN
riTTSBrnG. Pec. 2«.— The f=ch<>mp to form
the Manufacturers* Window Class Company,
with a capital of f l.OGO.OOO. and with absolute
control <ir th? product of hi least l.VK) pots, has
Ix^t-n abandoned.
PARIS. Dec. 29. — The attitude
which the New Panama Company will
adopt with respect to acceptance of
the offer of the United States for its
property is forecast by the action of
the company in the excluding of the
representatives of Colombia«from par
ticipation in the meeting to be held
to-morrow. As the proprietor of 50,
000 shares, Colombia has been repre
sented each year at the annual meet
ings by M. Semper, who was author
ized to act in* its behalf.. This year,
owing: to the recent events at the Isth
mus, the administrative council of the
company declined to admit Semper to
the meeting, on the ground that the
Colombian bonds had become justly
subject to litigation.
Colombia declined to bow to this
decision, and through Senor Urib, the
Consul General, appealed to the
courts for an order upon the company
to issue a card of admission to
M. Semper. Attorneys for Colombia
appeared before M. Ditte, president of
the Cltamber of First Instance. At
torney Dubuit represented the Pan
ama Canal Company. M. Ditte de
cided that he could not pass on the
question, because the basis of the mat
ter was a question raised owing to a
claim of the republic of P?.nama. He
cited the parties to appeal to a higher
court.
Colombia now proposes to bitterly
contest the action of the Panama
company, and will take the question
before the Civil Tribunal, as suggest
ed by M. Ditte.
Colombia Is Denied a Voice in Xew
Panama Canal Company.
WILL APPEAL TO THE HAGUE.
The new board for the mental and
physical examination of candidates
from civil life for appointment to sec
ond lieutenantshlps in the army has
been ordered to convene at the Pre
sidio at 9 o'clock a. m., January 12,
1904. The board will be composed of
Major William Stephenson, surgeon, U.
S. A.; Captain John L. Hayden, Ar
tillery Corps; Captain James W. Hink
ley Jr., Artillery Corps; First Lieuten
ant Edward P. Rockhill, assistant sur
geon, U. S. A.; First Lieutenant
James L. Long, Artillery Corps.
The report circulated freely yester
day that 2000 enlisted men had recently
been put on board the transports Bu
ford and Shertnan' to be taken to Pan
ama proves to be without the slightest
foundation. Major Devol, in charge of
the army transport service," said that
while the- ships were being placed in
condition to go to sea at the earliest
possible moment, he had received no
Information of any sort as to what
use the intended to put
them.
The transport Thomas will sail on
Friday, January 1. 3he takes Com
panies L and M o^he Second Cavalry,
fourteen signal .orps men, six enlisted
men for the S wenty-second Infantry
and three casuals for Honolulu. She
goes loaded to the water mark with
freight, consisting of commissary
stores and quartermasters' supplies.
Among the passengers will be Colonel
Danman of the Seventh Infantry and
Major L. G. Sickles of the Twelfth Cav
alry.
ond Licuteirantships From Civil
Life Is Appointed.
Roard to Examiqe Candidates for Sec-
Papyrus Club.
The Papyrus Club will hold a recep
tion at Elks' Hall. Thursday afternoon,
December 31. On the programme
will be vocal selections by the Press
Club Quartet and a short talk on "Wo
men's Clubs" by Charles A. Sweigert.
Elaborate preparations are being made
to make this a fitting reception to close
the year and many excellent stories are
in preparation to be told on that occa
sion. The programme is in charge of
Miss Ella V. McCloskey.
Robs Little Gum Boys.
Fred Lane, a cook, stole 50 i cents
from two boys named Frank Totoro
and Frank Sylvester, who were selling
chewing gum in front of the Hall of
Justice last night. Lane asked the
lads for change for 50 cents and when
they gave it to , him, * without giving
thenr a half-dollar in exchange, he ran
down Merchant street, pursued by an
angry mob of citizens. Deputy Coro
ner Frank Murphy joined in the chase
and caught the culprit. Lane was
booked at the City Prison on a charge,
of petty larceny.
NEW YORK, Dec. 29.— Owing to the
unusual number of deaths in New York
from pneumonia in the last rix weeks
a corps of physicians has been appoint
ed by the Department of Health to
make an investigation of the causes
of the epidemic and their report will
be in the hands of Health Commis
sioner Lederlee in a few days.
During the past week 272 fatal pneu
monia cases were recorded. That is
the largest number of deaths from the
disease in the history of the city. The
previous week 269 deaths occurred, and
It was then thought that conditions
would improve.
When .the disease first became prev
alent, early in November, the deaths
were largely confined to the localities
inhabited by working people, but with
in the last two weeks there have been
as many deaths, proportionately among
the wealthier classes. Many physicians
regard this as another evidence that
pneumonia is an infectious disease.- It
is the general belief in the Health De
partment that the epidemic is due to
the' recent sudden changes in the
weather. C .*¦ '
HUNDREDS DIE
OF PNEUMONIA
PORTLAND, Or., Dec. 29. — Gener
al Frederick Funston, commander
of the Department of the Columbia,
with headquarters at Vancouver,
Wash., in an interview this afternoon
said that as yet he had received no or
ders commanding the Eighth Battery
or -the Nineteenth Infantry to prepare
to proceed to Panama. As command
er of the department the orders nec
essarily would come through him. The
general, however, did not doubt the
correctness of the dispatch and be
lieved it indicated that the orders
would be received at an early hour.
The orders will not affect General
Funston. In the event of the two bat
talions of the Nineteenth Infantry at
Vancouver being ordered to Panama,
Colonel Huston would be in charge.
MONTEREY, Dec. 29.—^The troops
at Monterey have not yet received or
ders to proceed to Panama.
Word From Washington.
Coast Commanders Are Awaiting
ORDERS NOT YET RECEIVED.
General Arthur MacArthur, com
manding the Department of Califor
nia,, last night refused to discuss the
Washington dispatch relating to the
Bending of coast troops to Panama.
The United States gunboat Benning
ton and the navy collier Saturn yester
day took on board the last of their
stores and this morning they wilj start
on their voyage tojPanama. The tor
pedo-boat destroyers' Preble and Paul
Jones, which will steam to the isthmus
under the Bennington's wing, will
leave the Mare Island Navy Yard at 7
o'clock this morning and join the gun
boat at her anchorage off Folsom
street wharf, whence the little fleet
will start.
Gunboat Bennington Will Sail With
the Preble nnd Paul Jones.
OFF TO PANAMA TO-DAY.
COLON, Dec. 29. — William I. Bu
chanan, United States Minister to
Panama, came to Colon to-day and
conferred with A. M. Beaupre, Unit
ed States Mi/iister to Colombia. Later
in the day Minister Beaupre sailed on
the steamer Yucatan for. New York.
Beauprc Sails for Xew York.
PANAMA, Dec. 29.— Heavy rains
have been falling here since Sunday,
causing some damage to the telegraph
lines. No news has been received from
Los Santos or Chiriqui provinces. From
other provinces confirmation has been
Aniador Leads in Popularity.
MERIDIAN, Miss.. Dec. 29.-It Is re
ported here that Miss Ethel Rovell of
Birmingham, Ala., who Is said to be
an heiress to a large fortune, has dis
appeared and relatives are anxious
about her.
Miss Rovell had been in Meridian
since November, visiting" her aunt,
Mrs. J. M. Huskey, and was to have
remained here until February. On
Wednesday last she, left her aunt's
residence to do some shopping and has
not been seen since. ¦¦ -
Miss Rovell is said to have inherited
an estate left* her by Mrs. Minerva
Benford of Denver, Colo.
Her mother is firmly of the belief
that she has been kidnaped and held
for ransom.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 29.— The State
Department for some time past has
been receiving inquiries from people
of moderate circumstances, and some
almost in poverty, as to the operation?
of some one'- known as George W.
Thatcher, who has addressed notes .to
various persons, representing himself
to be administrator of vast estates in
England in which those addressed were
Informed they had an interest.
Some at least of those .written to paid
fees to. Thatcher and, receiving no in
terests in the alleged estates, inquired
of 'the State Department far informa
tion as to the estates. . « . '
The department referred some of
these inquiries to the United States
embassy at London, and acting Secre
tary Loomis has just received a report
from that office to the effect that
Thatcher had been prosecuted for fraud
and forgery before the Chancery Court
in London in 1899, had pleaded guilty
and had been sentenced to eighteen
months' imprisonment.
Will Command the Tncoma.
WASHINGTON. Dec. 29. — Reginald
Nicholson, detail officer of the Bureau
of Navigation, will leave here next
Tuesday for San Francisco to assume
command of the ne^* protected cruis
er Tacoma. Her first service proba
bly will be in the isthmian waters.
Leaves the Home of a Near
Belative to JDo Some Shop
ping and Fails to Return
Persons., of Moderate Circum
stances Are Victimized by
Means of Old Legacy Game
—————— , ¦
received of the overwhelming triumph
of the mixed candidates proposed for
membership in the constitutional con
vention by the patriotic committee,
which, in selecting them, endeavored to
choose men favoring the ratification of
the. canal treaty. Dr.^Amador is the
most popular candidate. •
BITE AT BAIT
OF SWINDLER
reception at the White House, as he is declining all social engagements
while he fs here. He will request Dr. Herran to represent him on that day.
HEIRESS DROPS
OUT OF SIGHT
United States' Reply Will Give Colombia No Hope
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SEATTLE. Wash., Dec. 29.— Because
of his relations with and treatment of
Mrs. Fannie Fohs, a court-martial of
Oscar C. Haines, second lieutenant of
the United States revenue cutter Man
ning, was commenced to-day behind
closed doors in the* Federal Court build
ing. The board is composed of Cap
tain W. H. Roberts, president; Chief
Engineer H. C. Whitworth, First Lieu
tenant F. S. Van Buskerck. Second
Lieutenant James F. Hottel. recorder.
Second Lieutenant H. G. Hamlet of
the revenue cutter Arcata is prosecut
ing for the Government, while G.
Meade Emory and Lieutenant C. W.
Satterlee of the revenue cutter Grant
are counsel for Lieutenant Haines.
The strictest secrecy regarding the
proceedings of t£e trial la being
maintained. The members of the
court and counsel decline to divulge
anything as to the nature of the evi
dence. Several witnesses were exam
ined to-day. Their testimony. It is
said, bore chiefly upon the relations
of Lieutenant Haines and Mrs. Fohs
and his treatment of her in its rela
tion to him as an officer of the revenue
cutter service.
It is understood that witnesses have
been summoned who will be aWe to j
give the court in detail the conduct of
Lieutenant Haines on the occasion of
the visit of Mrs. Fohs to Port Town
send, during which she appealed to J
the lieutenant to keep his promise, as
she alleges, to marry her, and, failing:;
in this, to induce him to pay her the ;
money she had expended in the pre- I
paration of a wedding trousseau. ;
Sooner or later, it i3 said, Collector J
of Customs Ide will be called as a wit
ness to relate what he knows of !
Haines' conduct during Mrs. Fohs* ef- j
forts to secure an interview with him '
at Port Townsend. The court-martial j
will probably last several days, and |
with the conclusion the findings of the j
board will be forwarded to the Sec
retayy of the Treasury.
LONDON, Dec. 29.— Mr. Bryan, who
arrived to-day from the Continent, said
that he had found his European trip
extremely interesting and instructive.
Asked whether his study of the finan
cial condition abroad had resulted in
any change in his views on the silver
question, he replied:
"Not the slightest."
Bryan regretted that lack of time
had prevented him making a more ex
tensive Investigation of the social and
industrial question which prevailed in
the European countries. lie -had been
received everywhere with the greatest
courtesy, he said, and every facility
had been extended him for investiga
tions along these lines.
Asked concerning 1 the possibilities of
the Democratic nomination for the
Presidency, he said he was compelled
to decline to discuss that subject in
any way, because of the possible inter
pretation to which his views might be
subjected in the United States.
Received With Great Courtesy
Everywhere and Afforded Fa
cilities for Economic Research
SECRECY IS MAINTAINED
Witnesses Give Testimony, but
the* Officers Composing Tri
bunal Impart No Information
TALKS OF HIS TRAVELS
the movement of such animals as may be needed." .
There, will be no change in the attitude of this Government
toward the republic of Panama in consequence of the represen
tations made by General Reyes, the special envoy of Colombia.
The treaty is to be regarded as already made and accomplished,
and the United States will not draw back nor make any compro
mise to which Panama is nr-t a willing party.
This much was decided to-day at the longest Cabinet meet
ing which has been held in many months. The meeting was
called especially to consider the , note of General Reyes, making
demands upon" the United States, and the reply which should be
made to that* note. The meeting was not expected, the President
having announced before the holidays that,the Cabinet would not
be reassembled until January 5 ; but inasmuch as Reyes' note
had been received and an immediate answer had been requested,
Trial of Lieut. Oscar Haines
of the Revenue Cutter Ser
vice Commences at Seattle
»
Democratic Leader, After a
Tour of Europe, Declares He
Is Still a Silver Enthusiast
and also in view of the fact that Secretary of State Hay is too
•much indisposed to give the matter his full and vigorous atten
tion, it was deemed wise to have it discussed in Cabinet before ar-
Secretary Root is at the present time assisting the President
and Secretary Hay in the negotiations. Root has seen General
Reyes several times recently and had a talk with him to-day, after
which Root and the President took' a long horseback ride.
Efforts are still being made to satisfy the British bondhold
ers and to placate Colombia by the payment of money. . No one
believes this will accomplish the result desired By this Govern
ment, and it is believed that Gendral Reyes' mission' will be termi
nated within a week, and tfait he will tlien follow Minister Herran,
whose departure is hourly expected. " This will be followed by a
severance of diplomatic arTd consular relations, and events on the
isthmus will be awaited with renewed .interest, because it is be
lieved Colombia will attempt »« invasion.
Continued From Page 1, Columns 5 and 6.
DOORS CLOSE
ON THE COURT
BRYAN'S VIEWS
NOT CHANGED
Coast Artillery and Infantry May Go to Panama
to Repel an invasion by the Troops of Colombia
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, "fifcCEMBER. 30, 1903.
Continued From Page 1, Columns 3 ami •*.
To Cure a Cold in One Day.
Tike Laxative Bromo Quinine Tablets. All
druggists refund the money if it tails to euro.
E. W. Grove's signature U on each box, 25c. •
2
4J. SF3ECEEU & S30S.C3-. lgts..Ttesi3!SB,S43 SirfcQ
¦S. S.' SIERRA, fcr Honolulu, Samoa. Auck-
' land and Sydney, Thursday. Dec. ol. 8 p. m.
S>. S. ALAMJ2DA. for Honolulu, Jan. 9, laoi,
r 11 a. m. '
S .S. ALAMEDA. for Honolulu, Jan. 9, 1904.
11 a. m.
Ai»Aanii>C-f? #*A «xftji:r. anv.0*. nnv
OCCfllllC&S.tO. nwmmj^
TOYO RISEN KAISHA,
(ORIENTAL STEAMSHIP CO.>
Steamers will leave wharf, corner -First and
Brannan streets, at 1 p. m. tor YOKOHAMA ,
and Hongkong, calling at Kobe (Hlogo). Naga.
sakl and Shanghai, and connecting at Hong-
kong with steamers for India, etc. No cargo
received en br>*rrt <n\ day of sailing.
S. S NIPPON MAF.U (calling at ManUa>
\Ve<tnp«Uay. December SO, 1003
S. S AMERICA MARC..-.
Mondny. January 2T>, 1904
E S» HONGKC NG MARU. .1
Wednesday. February 17. 10O4
Via Honolulu. Ttourd-trip tickets at reduced
rates. For freight and passage apnly at Com-
pany'! office, 421 Market street, ettrjier First.
W. H. AVERY. General Agent.
O. /?. & N. CO.
"ColumMa" wails Jan. 8. IS. 2S. Feb. T.
IT. 27 and Marrh 9. "George "W. El-
der" sails Jan. 8. 13. Zi. Feb. 2. 12. 22 and
March 4. Only steamship line to PORTLAND.
OR., and short rail" line from Portland to all
points East. Through tickets to all po'"*?. all
rail or steamship and rail. at LOXVEST
RATES. Steamer tickers include berth anil
meals. Steamer swils fnot of Spear St.. at 11
a. m S. F. BOOTH, Gen. Agt. Pass. Dept.. t
Montgomery St.; C. CLIFFORD. Gen. Agt.
Freight Dept.. 3. Montgomery st.
_S&\C7>>^ Steamers leave San I"ran-
cls<"o as follows:
Aficl^ \j\ For Ketehlkan. TVrange!.
/**/\^^?R v\ Juneau. Hain?.-', Skaguay.
( VK*5X I etc -. Alaska— 11 a. m.. Jan
\ \ VMtrftei/ ./ 2. Change to company's
Vjfc-. M }Sl steamers at Seattle. ,
\5Q-I-__<&y' For Victoria. Vancouver.
V^AfSJJjJ 1 ' Fort Townsend. Seattle. Ta-
ccma. Everett. 'Whatcom — It
a. m.. Jan. 2. Ch3n K <- at Seattle to thia com-
pany's steamers for Alaska and G. N. Ry.: at
Seattle or Tacoma to X. P. Ry- : at \ ancouver
to C. P. Railway. ; „.
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay) — Pomena, 1:30
p. m.. Dec. CO, Jan. 5; Corona, 1:30 x>, «*••
For Los Angele3 (via Pert Los Angeles and
Redondo), San Diego and Santa Barbara— San-
ta Rosa, Sundays, 0 a. m.
State of California, Thursday*. 9 a. ra.
For Los Angeles (via San Pedro and Ea«*
San Pedrc). Santa Barbara. Santa Crua. Mon-
teTey. San Slnr.^on. Cayuros. Port Harford (Saa
Luis Obispo). Ventura and Hueneme.
Coos Bay, 9 a. m.. Jan. 4.
Bonita 0 a. m.. Dec. 31. Jan. S.
For Ensenada, M.igdalena Bay. San Jos« del
Cabo, Mazatlan. Altata. La Par. Santa Ro-
salia. Guaymaa (Mex.). 10 a. m., 7th of each
month.
For further information obtain folder.
Rltrht is reserved to chanre steamera or sail-
Ing dates'.
TICKET OZ'FICUS — * New Montgom-
ery street «FaJac« Hotel), 10 Market street and
Broadway wharves.
Freight office. 10 Market «treer.
C. D. DUNAN'N. General Passenger Agent.
10 Market street, San Francisco.
Z visit DR. JORDAN'S great
(tallSEUH OF ANATOMY
Q C5 1=51 XASZXT ST. tat. St&tftt, S.T.Zil
A -, ~n ] , World. Huksenn or any contracted
7 fgEDJ dijMie nMny (he ollelt
Q *Htf 53 1 Specialist on the Com. E»Lj4yem. I
A Afff & DR. JORDAH-OfSEASES CF MEN ,
\ jflf»j)3 Connulution free xnd Jtrktty prints.
w i i#T£ « Trmmunt prrvjnaWy or by irner. A
f I tT W H Anaw C«ir«in eTerjr tiwmilrriifn.
Apff (I A Write for Book. ruao»orni<i
V • fj .. ll * MMBJASC, maiuu> rxa.3. { a '
Jk i\ iL valuable book for bvq)
T DB. JonDAS A CO., 1051 Market Si. 8. F. '
ADVERTISEMENTS.
YOU WILl. BE ALL
SMILES AGAIN'
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Rheumatism
depends. Hood's Sarsa-
parilla has cured thousands.
Does not let, go of you
when you apply lotions or
liniments. It* simply loosens
its hold fora while. . Why?
Because to get* rid of it you
must correct* the add con-
dition of the blood on v/hicb
Forget Your Stomach and You'll
Have a Santa Claus Face.
HOW TO DO IT.
If there is one thing more than all
others that will give a man e. rferiora
and fri*>n<il©ss- e p|*-a.ii~«ce and make
¦"CinV morbid and "cranky"' and dis-
agreeable that thing is dyspepsia. It
makes one forget his friends and be-
come morose and irritable. He is so
wrapped up in his own misery that
he le inconsiderate of every one else.
Relieved ol this terrible and depressing
ailment, he again becomes a good fel-
low and a man among men.
Stuart's Dj'spepsia Tablets are. be-
yond Question the most effective and
popular rtmedy ever offered to the suf-
ferers uf this terrible disease. The thou-
sands and thousands of cures they have
brought about and the enormous in-
crease of their sales fully attest the
truth of this statement.
They are, above all. a natural rem-
edy. They possess exactly the same
properties that the gastric juices and
other digestive fluids of the stomach
possess and they actually do the diges-
tive work of the stomach and enable
that organ to rest and recuperate and
become round and well. They act in
a mild, natural manner and cause no
disturbance in the digestive organs.
They prevent any fermentation of the
food, which causes sour stomach. In
fact, under their influence the subject
forgets that he has a stomach and his
resulting cheerfulness presents a great
contrast to his former dejection.
Millions ff boxes of Stuart's Dyspep-
sia Tablets are sold annually and they
are but in the dawn of their popularity.
Every mail brings letters of thanksgiv-
ing from grateful ones who have been
cured of this terrible disease. The fol-
lowing is one of hundreds received each
week:
Rev. J. R. Hoae of Wymore, Neb.,
"writes: "For six years I have been
troubled with dyspepsia. Last fall I
borame very much alarmed at some
eymptc-ms of heart trouble and came
to believe there was a sympathetic re-
lation between the two diseases, or
rather that the stomach trouble was the
cause of the heart disturbances. I hit
upon Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets for a
remedy and invested a dollar and a
half for three boxes, wnich. lasted me
three months, and I can eat any kind
of food I want and have a good, vig-
orous afpetite. Although I am 77 years
old, I now feel perfectly well and, with-
out being requested by any one. I make
this statement as a compliment to the
virtues of Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets."
Costs Nothing If It Falls.
Any honest person who suffers from Rheu-
matism is welcome to this oSer. For years t
searched everywhere to find a specific for Rheu-
matism. For nearly 20 years I worked to tills
end. At last. In Germany, my search was re-
warded. I found a costly chemical- that did not
disappoint me as other Rheumatic prescriptions
had disappointed physicians everywhere.
I do not mean that Dr. Shoop's Rheumatic
Cure can turn bony Joints into flesh again. That
is impossible. But It will drive from the blood
the poison that causes pain and swellln?. and
then that is the end of Rheumatism. I know
this so well that I will furnish for a full month
my Rheumatic Cure on trial. I cannot cur* all
cases within a month. It would be unreason-
able to expect that. But mest cases will yield
within 30 days. This trial treatment will con-
vince you that Dr. Shoop's Rheumatic Cure la
a power against Rheumatism — a potent fore*
ae&inst disease that is Irresistible.
My offer Is made to convince you of my faith.
My faith is but the outcome of experience— of
actual knowledge. I know w^iat It can do. Aad
I know thl« so well that I will furnish my rem-
edy on trial. Simply write ma a postal for my
book on Rheumatism. I will then arranjre with
a druggist in your vicinity so that you can se-
cure six bottles of Dr. Shoop's Rheumatic Cur«
to make the test. Tou maks take It a full month
on trial. ' If It succeeds the cost to you Is *.*> 30.
If it falls the less is mine and mine alons. it
will be left entirely to you. I mean that ex- .
actly. If you say the trial Is not satisfactory I
don't expect a penny from you. »;.{
I have no samples. Any mere 'sample that'
can affect chronic Rheumatism must be drugged
to the verg« of danger. I use no such drugs,
for It Is dangerous to take them. Tou mutt get
the disease out of the blood. ' My remedy doea
that even in the most difficult, obstinate cases.
It has cured the oldest cases that I ever met.
and in all of my experience. In all of my 200O ,
tests. I never found another remedy that would >
cure one chrcnic case In ten.
Writo me attd I will send you the book. Try
my remedy for a month, for It can't harm you
anyway. If it faila the loss is mine.
Address Dr. Shoop. Box 630. Racine. Wt«.
HIM cases not chronic are often cured by on*
cr two tottles. At all druggista.
Dr. Shioo&'s
DR. SHOOP'S RE3IEDIES.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Mare lalaad aad Vallajo Steamers/ ,
Steamer GEN..FRISBIE or MONTICELl/) —
0:13 a. m.. .V.lS^nU S-"0 p. m., except :t>un(ay.
MuntJuy. »:43 a. m.. S:::;> p. rn. I-ravo V'aJ ¦>.,
7 a. in.. 12:3t> anU « p. m.. ex, Sunday, fun-
day; 7 a. ra.. 4:15 p. m. ' Fare. 50 cents. /Tel.
Main 130S. Pier 2, Ml&stcn-st., dock. H/reH
BROS, v 7
C0EFAGITI3 GS5SHAL5 TBA53ATLANTI372.
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS,
every Thursday ln.-.ferul of
Saturday, at 10 a. m.. frcra Pier 42. *** asf «»J' .
North River, foct ot Morten street.
First class to Havre. $70 ami upward. Sec-
ond class to -Havre. *A5 and upwranJ. GEN-
ERAL. AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES AND I
CANADA. 32 Broadway iiim'.f.m Uui:rtlng)J
New York. J. F. FUGAZI & CO.. Paciilc Coasf
Agents. 5 Montirom^ry avenu*. S?an Francisco*
Tickets so'.i. by all Railroad Ticket Azents. f
0RBE1S EARLY^
foothCENTURYl
1 COOK BOOK
Another shipment will
I arrive about .Inn nary 21,
1904. .
In order to. satisfy the j
demand for this 'premium
: we have ordered another
carload of these books,
' and all persons sending to
Tlie Cook Book Depart-
[ mrnt of this paper a six
1 months' subscription to ,
The Daily and Sunday
1 Call may secure one of the
Twentieth Century Cook
i Dooks at the premium
rate of 50c.
| Oiii-of-iowfl subscribers siiecld remit I
820c additional to prepay transportation 1
charges. ', I
t Our semi-annual half-price 'sale ' is going merrily .
along. The store is crowded every day with people who
appreciate the splendid values we are giving. There is
no subterfuge about this proposition. When we say we
sell for one-Tialf Nprice we mean it, and you can de-
pend on it. Following are a few of the items, just to
give you an idea of what we are doing. Don't delay too
long. Broken* assortments can't last always:
$LGO Shirts ........... .50c 25c Hosiery , . ..A2y 2 c
(Stiff or soft bosom.) (All sizes and colors.)
50c and 75c Underwear. .25c $4.00 Sweaters., $2.00
(These prices are per garment.) ' (Good goods— big saving.)
$10.00 SmoKing JacKcts. $5.00 $2.50 Sweaters $125
(Plenty of sizes and designs.) (Solid colors and stripes.)
$5.00 SmoKing JacKcts.$2.50 $1.50 Sweaters. ....... .75c
(Not many left— come early.) (Plenty of every *ize.)
I02B-I0S0 MARKET STREET SAN FRANCISCO. '
1157 Washington Street, Oakland.
V SOLO EVERYWHERE. I
HILBERT MERCANTILE CO.. 3
Pacific Cnast Aeents. Jn
AMUSEMENTS.Late Shipping Intelligence.
SAILED
Rev. Father O'Neill of the Dominican
Monastery was thrown from a Jones
street car, near the corner of Sutter
street, yesterday afternoon and suf
fered a severe fracture of his ankle. He
was removed to the monastery and last
night it was reported that he was rest
ing easily.
Father O'Neill Injured. ' J
HONOLULU. Dec. 29. — The vessels
of the United States Asiatic squadron,
under command of Rear Admiral
Robley T. Evans, which" have been in
this port for several days, sailed to
day for Manila , via the island of
Guam. J
Squadron Sails From Honolulu.
Several days ago XV. C. Clayton and
John J. Eagan % acting for Camp Rein
hold Richter. Spanish-American War
Veterans, telegraphed the President re
garding the case. Yesterday the fol
lowing answer was received:
"Washington, Dec. 25.
"W. C. Clayton and John J. Easan,
Committee Camp Reinhold Richter.
Spanish- American War Veterans.
"The President ha3 referred to this
office your telegram of 25th inst. re
garding use of Sergeant William Fo
garty's casket by undertaker for civil
ian. Matter will be promptly and thor
oughly investigated and your commit
tee advised of result. Direction quar
termaster general.
"BELLINGER. Q. M."
The mystery as to how the casket of
the late Sergeant William Fogarty
came into the possession of a local un
dertaker, who sought to use it at the
burial of Mrs. Catherine Keefe a few
days ago, will be looked into by the
quartermaster general, acting under in
structions from President Roosevelt.
QUARTERMASTER GENERAL
TO INVESTIGATE OUTRAGE
ROME,, Dec. 29.— The Tribuna. in
commenting on the active military
preparations in the United State?, con
nects^ them with the situation , in the
Far East and says it Is the wish of the
United States to insure her trade, in
Japan and that Japan has always
counted ur>on such an attitude.
Comments on American Activity.
Death Stlmmons Noted Professor
BOSTON, Dec. 2D. — Professor Fran
cis E. 'White, who was well known in
medical circles, died to-day at Ja
maica Plains. .
DUBUQUE, Iowa, Dec. 29. — Thom
as Connolly, the millionaire carriage
manufacturer, died to-day of apo
plexy, aged 67 years.
Millionaire Dies of Apoplexy.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 23.— Senator
Burrows, who is chairman of the Sen
ate Committee on Privileges and Elec
tions, which is conducting the investi
gation of the charges against Senator
Reed Smoot of Utah, said to-day that
the committee probably would meet on
Saturday, January 9, for the continua
tion of the inquiry. While Senator* Bur
rows has received no notification from
Senator Smoot, he thinks it probable
that the reply. of the latter to the
charges against him will be ready by
the time mentioned.
If denial is such as to chal
lenge the authenticity of the informa
tion upon which the accusations are
based it is the opinion of some of the
members of the committee, that the
authors of the charges will be given an
opportunity to prove them and in that
event there will be quite a general in
vestigation Into the present day prac
tices of the Mormon church, with
reference both to n> trriage and poli
tics. The commlttip. however, has
reached no conclusion looking: to such
a course, and Chair'^ tn Burrows de
clined to express anj opinion as to its
probability, j If Sena' n* Smoot should
admit the charges aja whole, which
is not considered pro JLble, there would j
be nothing left for tB; committee but i
to consider the legal wipect of the case
and decide whether #ie facts alleged,
even if true, disqualiS- him for a seat
in the Senate. V
• The present indications are that the'
question will be befa)«> the committee
for some time. v
Chairman of Committee Hear
ing (fliarges Says Much De
pends on Nature of Answer
NEW YORK, Dec. 20.— Negotiations
by cable are in progress between the
Russian Government and the Schwarz
child & Sulzberjjer Company of this
city for about 1,000,000 pounds of mess
meat for immediate shipment to Port
Arthur. An official of the firm said to
day that the contract was practically
closed and that it called for delivery
of the meat at San Francisco Jan
uary 22.
Buying Beef in New York.
KELLY LOSES HIS POSITION.
Police Commissioners Renew Tem
porary Appointments.
Action taken by the Police Com
missioners last night deprives George
P. Kelly, for many years official police
photographer in chp.rgft of the gallery
connected with the identification bu
reau, of his position. The malter
came up on a motion to renew all
temporary appointments in the de
partment rfor thirty days with the ex
ception of Kelly's. It is the intention
of Chief Wittman to detail a regular
policeman to take charge of the pho
tographing of criminals. Kelly was
appointed during the Phelan regime.
Miss Eleanor Leary, one of the tele
phono operators in the Police Depart
ment exchange, tendered her resigna
tion, which was accepted, and Mrs.
Rose Sidener was appointed to fill the
vacancy.
During the hearing of the case
against Dever & Morgan, saloon-keep
ers at 133 Third street, charged with
permitting: poker playing In their es
tablishment. Patrolman Cameron tes
tified that- Dever • had told, him that
Kfniry, the murderer of Patrolman
Smith in Oakland, had .been, hiding
in the lodglnff-house over the saloon
for three days, but he kept the facts
from the police at the time. Dever
denied this portion of the testimony,
and the case went over. for one. week
for investigation.
SENATE AWAITS
SMOOT'S REPLY
HARTFORD, Conn.. Dec. 29. —
Jeremiah M. Allen, widely known in
insurance circles and a member of
various scientific; and historical socie
ties, died to-day, aged 70 years.
Death of Jeremiah M. Allen.
WeU Known Actor Dies of Pneumonia.
CHICAGO, Dec. 29. — Jerome Sykes,
the well-known actor, who had been
playing the leading part in "The Bil
lionaire," died of pneumonia to-night
at the Stratford Hotel after four days*
illness.
Sykes contracted pneumonia while
thinly. clad during an amateur theat
rical performance at a dinner which
he gave to the members of "The Bil
lionaire" company on Christmas eve.
The body probably will be taken to
Svkes' New York home for burial.
MOSCOW, Dec. 29. — Twelve bat
teries of, the four grenadier brigades
of Field Artillery, stationed in and
around Moscow, have been selected for
service in the Far East and have re
ceived new guns, which, the Russian
artillerists claim, are superior to the
French field pieces. The early de
parture of three of these batteries is
expected, which will place 108 field
guns, with the latest equipment, at the
disposal of Viceroy Alexieff.
It is said here that all the volunteers
living: at their homes, who, as grad
uates of high schools, are privileged
to serve only a year with the colors,
have been ordered into barracks. No
extensive movements of troops east
ward have been reported here up to
the present.
RUSSIA SENDS ARTILLERY.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 29. — The year
book of the Carnegie Institution
shows that the institution has total
assets of $10,101,500 and a balance
on hand in the treasury on November
1 last of $445,472. Mount Wilson, a
few miles east of Los Angeles, is sug
gested as the main station for the
proposed solnr observatory. It has
an altitude of 6000 feet.
Mount Wilson, a Few Miles East of
Los Angeles, Is Suggested for
Proposed Solar Observatory.^
CARNEGIE' INSTITUTION
MAKES ANNUAL REPORT
NEW YORK, Dee. 20.— Very Rever
end George Deshon, superior general of
the Paulist Fathers of the United
States, died here shortly before mid
night, from heart failure. The de
ceased was 81 years of age and was
a prominent figure in religious circle3
and also among army men. He was
born in New London, Conn!, and was
a graduate of West Point, being a
member of the class of 1S43 and a class-,
mate of General U. S. Grant. He served
in the ordnance department of the
United States army for ten years and
after being converted to the Roman
Catholic faith resigned from the army
and studied for the priesthood.
Rev. Father Deshon was ordained as
a priest in 1856 and held a number of
important pastorates. He was one of
the founders of the Order of the Paul
ist Fathers and visited California in
1873 with five missionary priests. In
1S97 he was appointed superior gen
eral of the Paulist Fathers. He was
held in high esteem by his associates
and all with whom he came in contact.
the Beard of Health. He said that
City Attorney Lane had rendered a
decision which recognized the right of
the Commission to certify to but one
name if it si saw fit. He also said that
Attorney Lane had straddled the ques
tion by giving another decision against
the Civil Service Commission in an
analagous case.
Despite the City Attorney's decisions
for or against the legality of the com
mission's action tn the matter of certi
fying to .names on the eligible lists of
applicants for positions before the Civil
Service Commission, Rogers says that
the commission has the right under the
charter to refuse to certify, to more
than one name at a time.
The charter provisions which refer to
this matter are as follows:
"Article 13, section S— The Commis- f
sioners shall make rules to carry out
the purposes of this article and for ex
aminations, appointments, promotions
and removals, and in accordance with
its provisions may from time to time
mr.ke changes in the existing rules. All
rules and all changes therein shall be
forthwith pr'nted for distribution by
the Commissioners.
"Section 9 of article 13 (which is the
civil service article) — The head of the
department or office in which a position
classified under this article is to be
filled shall notify the Commissioners
of the fact and the Comrr.'ssioners shall
then certify to <Iie appointing officer
the name and address of one or more
candidates, not exceeding three, stand
ing highest upon .he ro;ister for the
class or grade to' which the position
belongs."
The now rule made by tl.e Civil Serv
ice Commission is as follows:
"Rule 19 — In answer to each requisi
tion for certificates from an eligible
list, only the highest name on such el
igible list shall be certified."
Regarding this rule, Mr. Rogers said:
"Seeing the possibility of favoritism
being shown shculd we certify to three
names, as we have done on re
quest up to June 1, 1002, we on that
date changed the rules governing the,
office, as the charter gives us the right
to do. Instead of being compelled to
give three names on requisition, we
now give but one — the highest. This
rule was made solely for the purpose
of preventing favoritism being shown
in the appointments to positions that
come under the Cfvil Service Commis
sion."
LONDON, Dec. 30.— The Shanghai
correspondent of the Daily Hail reports
that Russia is more inclined to make a
concession to China with regard to
Manchuria, and says that he learns
that unless Russia pays consideration
to the Chinese demands China will join
with Japan. The correspondent also
says that Yuan Shi Kai. who has been
intrusted with the task of negotiating
with Russia, has a decided predilection
for an alliance with Japan and that the
Empress Dowager also favors one.
The Mirror asserts that Japan's note
to Russia demands a material guaran
tee of honest intentions with regard to
Korea by a reduction of th«» Russian
fleet in Far Eastern waters to half its
present strength.
It was said at the Japanese legation
here to-night that no sale had been ef
fected of the Argentine warships
Moreno and Rivadavia, now building at
Genoa, Italy, for the purchase of which
Japan is negotiating. Russia has made
a counter-bid^ and the negotiations are
continuing.
CHINA THREATENS RUSSIA.
DEATH CLAIMS
SUPERIOR OF
THE PAULISTS
saves the freight on flour from Minne
apolis td*this coast, no small item, in
buying her flour here."
There was a report to-day that sev
eral agents are buying horses and beef
cattle in this valley. The local stock
market has strengthened considerably.
It is said that the horses are being
bought for Japan and the cattle for
the Russian Government.
The ultimate purpose is to put the
steel corporation in the same class of
conservative management as the
Standard Oil Company, and to attain
that end none of the necessary surgical
'operations in finance will be spared.
The work is to be taken up in a spirit
that is absolutely hostile to everything
done in the -past by Morgan, Perkins
and Schwab.
Whether the change in control will
also bring about a change in the presi
dency of the corporation is not known.
NEW YORK, Dec. 29.— Control of the
United States Steel Corporation, the
greatest industrial concern in the
world, is now completely and absolute
ly vested in the Rockefeller group of
capitalists and Henry Clay Frick, the
enemy of Andrew Carnegie.
Formal announcement of this fact
may not be made in set words, but the
effect of the change from the control
of J. Pierpont Morgan will soon be
made evident. John D. Rockefeller and
Frick have fully worked out their plans.
These provide for the complete elimina
tion of Morgan-Perkins-Schwab-Carne
gie interests from the active leadership
in the affairs of the steel corporation.
Standard Oil methods are hereafter
to be employed from top to bottom in
the management of the steel trust. The
first to feel this will be the men who
are drawing salaries of from Jft.OOO to
$25,000 a year. Many of thess men are
friends of those who dominate its man
agement. These employes; under the
new resime, must either stand for a
reduction in salaries or get out.
The new plan is to run tho corpora
tion for its owners, the stockholders,
and not for personal friends of the con
trolling interests. No employe will get
more than the actual value of his ser
vices.
Like all movements by the Rockefel
lers, control of the steel corporation
was accomplished secretly. It has been
in progress for more than six months.
It v.as not known even by anybody
familiar with what was going on that
Frick was associated with Rockefeller.
The alliance is said to he of recent ori
gin.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Perfect rest was ordered a»id the
audiences that had been announced
for New Year's eve have been indefi
nitely postponed.
It has been learned that the Emper
or's fall, accompanying the seizure,
was a severe one. He pitched heavily
forward and struck on his forehead
with such violence that he was mo
mentarily stunned. He was unable to
rise and was lifted by his attendants
and carried to a bed. The court doc
tors were summoned and by them it
was determined that the Emperor
should be moved to Vienna as soon as
possible. He was brought here this
morning.
VIENNA, Dec. 29.— All Austria was
startled to-day by a report that aged
Emperor Francis Joseph had been at
tacked by paralysis. It was almost as
much a surprise to the court to learn
that the news had got abroad as it was
to the capital to receive it. Every ef
fort was made immediately on the part
of the palace officials to minimize the
gravity of the Emperor's condition,
but as the day wore on it became more
and more apparent that much alarm
was felt by the courtiers.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Every Evidence of Their Man
agement Will Be Removed
and Retrenchment Is. to Be
Watchword of New Regime
Patient Is Removed to Vienna,
Perfect Quiet Is Ordered
and the Audiences Announced
for New Year's Are Postponed
Police Commissioners Appoint
Highest Man on the Eligible
List to Succeed Birdsall.
The Police Commission wanted to ap
point Lieutenant Joseph Burnett to the
vacant captaincy. The Civil Service
Commission claimed the right under
the charter to certify to it the name of
but the one n s.n*
Commissioner Howell of the Police
Commission paid that he did not think
that the Civil Service Commission was
acting within the bounds of its juris
diction. He referred to the recent de
cision of Judge Soawell in a like case,
which did not uphold the Civil Serv-
Ifce CommisFion in its action. When
afked why the Police Commission had
made a requisition for three names in
stead of one. President Howell said
the board had wanted the tnree in case
they should wish to choose from them
to fill the vacant position of captain.
The demanding of but one name, he
said, would virtually leave the ap
pointing rower in the hands of the Civil
Service Commission.
Commissioner Drinkhouse stated that
personally he was in favor of taking
into consideration an appointee's work
on the i>o!;ce force and the action of
the board in making a requisition f ci
trine* 1 names was the outcome of Chief
"Witt man's desire to have Lieutenant
Burnett appointed to the vacancy, be
cause of his ability as a police officer
snd his service on the force.
Although the board as a whole did
not apre;- with the members of the
Civil Bciiiee Cojnmfesion-In regard to
its right to refuse to certify to three
names t\h<?n requested, ¦¦ It- appointed
Duke rather than enter a legal squab
ble w ifh them. The whole move was in
keeping with the desire of Chief Witt
man to have Burnett captain of the
centra! station, which lies in a district
with which he is thoroughly familiar.
The retirement of Captain Dunlery
of the Harbor station, which will
shortly occur, will create another va
cancy. **ius giving a captaincy to Lieu
tenant Burnrtt. It may be that Chief
Wittman • ill assign Duke to some oth
rr station, leaving the Central station
a? it is until Burnett is appointed t<>
the office of captain. Last night Chief
Wlttmaa said that he had not as yet
decided what he would do with Duke,
but eaid that he would take the matter
under advisement between now and
January 1, when Duke's appointment
goes into effect. He hinted that he
might make a general chang* and put
Duke wherever he saw fit, which right
:s giver, him under the charter.
President John XV. Rogers of the
Civil Service Commission uphold the
commission's action in refusing to cer
tify to the three names as demanded
by the Police Commission. He claimed
that under the new charter the Civil
Service Commission had the right to
make such rules for the government of
the examinations and giving out of el
igible lists as it might choose. H,~ said
that ih* case of the Police Commission
was Fimi'-pr to the one in which the
Civil Service Commission had teen or\
gzged for the last three months with
The Police Commissioners last night
eppointed Lieutenant Duke to the cap
taincy left vacant by the death of Cap
icin BirdsaU. Previous to the appoint
ment of Duke last night the Police
Commission had a tilt with the Civil
Service Commission. Several days ago
ihe Police Commission sent to the Civil
Service Commission a requisition for
th» nrrnes of the three highest men
who took the recent examination for
the position of police captain.
The Civil Service Commission re
fused to comply with the demands of
the Police Commission and sent it but
one name, tl:#t of Lieutenant Duke,
who stood the highest in the examina
tion.
FALLS HEAVILY AND
LAYS UNCONSCIOUS
MORGAN AND SCHWAB
TO BE ELIMINATED
STOCKTON, Dec. 29.— J. M. Welsh,
president of the Stockton Milling Com
pany, is authority 4 for the statement
that the Japanese Government has
been buying flour in immense quanti
ties from the Stockton and other Pa
cific Coast mills since last August. Mr.
Welsh, states further that Japan has
now sufficient Hour on hand to supply
the needs of her army and navy for a
w ; ar of at least one year's duration.
For almost five months past shipload
after shipload of flour ,has been
shipped from the mills on this coast
to Japan, but it was supposed by the
general public that it was consigned to
private dealers and for the general
trade. . It appears, however, that the
Japanese Government has bought the
flour quietly, but direct. Discussing
the matter, Mr. Welsh said:
"Japan has now a full stock of flour,
probably sufficient for her needs for a
year at least, which she has purchased
from Pacific Coast mills since last Au
gust. Furthermore, if she desired to
increase this stock she would order
from the Pacific Coast millsi as we can
lay flour down in Japan at least 50
cents per ton cheaper than Minne
apolis-can. - Milling wheat is now
worth exactly the same in Minneapolis
as it is here. We can make it into
flour for exactly the same cost as
Minneapolis can. Consequently Japan
Pacific Coast Mills Have Been Supply
ing Cargoes Since August.
JAPAN STORES FLOUR.
The expected clash of Russia and
Japan is the main topic of talk in
army, navy and mercantile circles.
There are many predictions that the
navy of Japan will make a splendid
record for quick handling and effect
ive fighting in the event of a mix-up.
The notion prevails that the Japanese
ships are up to date in point of speed
and armament and that, the men be
hind the guns are fairly well up in
marksmanship. It is fancied that Japan
may get the advantage on land at the
outset, but the Japanese in the end
may be forced to yield to the power
ful strength of the Russian army.
tables from Europe or New York and
land them in good condition at any
Japanese or Chinese port. On tht
other hand, such products can be
shipped from this port to Yokohama in
fifteen days and lande"d in prime shape.
So you can see that San Francisco is
the preferred shipping point, and if
San Francisco's exporters fail to take
advantage of their opportunity San
Francisco is not to be sympathized
with. -
"But this is no new idea. Our war
experience in the Philippines showed
the world that San Francisco cannot
be beaten as a shipping point for army
and naval supplies. During the Boxer
trouble in China 70 per cent of all the
stores used ;by, the combined armies
and navies were shipped from San
Francisco, and even in times of 'peace
an average of CO per* cent of the food
products shipped from. this port to. the
Orient are consumed by foreign war
ships." y
NO ORGANIZED ACTIVITY.
Secretary Scott of the Chamber of
Commerce said that no, organized
movement was being made by. that
body to take advantage of the prob
able conflict between Russia and
Japan. " /
"Whatever 1 is being done in that di
rection," Scott explained, "is individual
effort through the representatives in
the Orient of California firms. Just
now the Chamber is directing its ef
forts toward prevailing upon the State
Department at Washington to main
tain and extend American trade In the
Orient as against the mercantile cru
sade in which almost every European
nation is participating. Our market
in Manchuria is seriously threatened by
European rivals, and we hope to have
our Government apply needed protect
ive measures."
Several large grain dealing firms of
this city have received telegraphic ad
vices from Seattle to the effect that
agents of the Russian Government in
that place are offering to purchase con
siderable quantities of hay, barley and ,
oat3. It is well understood that sup
plies . of this kind must come from
California, although the shipments
may be made from Seattle to the
Orient.
ST. PETERSBURG, Dec. 29— Only
by words cauzht now and again can
an inkling be obtained of Russia's in
tention. From such straits I am firm
ly Impressed by the strong current of
irritation prevailing here, under cover
of ah outward air of calmness. This
irritation is centered largely against
the English and American people on
account of their undoubted sympathies
for Japan. To understand this ¦ fully
you must realize that in the highest
circles dominating politics here the
conviction is irrevocably imbedded
that, without the support and encour
agement of those.two countries, Japan
would never declare war. upon Russia.
For the next ten days or so there
will be a calm, which cannot but be
looked upon as ominous. It is an open
secret that Japan would not accept
Russia's last proposition and It was re
turned for reconsideration as unaccept
able. Those who hurried tq^assure the
world that no ultimatum had been sent
were technically correct. Ultimatums,
like formal declarations of war, are out
of date. Statesmen have other meth
ods of procedure to-day.
From what I can glean of the tone
here, Russia will not recede an Inch.
She cannot. The policy of this country
A Vladivostok telegram to the Novoe
Vremya says that all hopes of peace
are not yet lost, but travelers who have
just "arrived from there heard only of
the possibilities of war, preparations
for the same being feverishly hurried.
All depends upon Japan. Russia has
planted her flag, according to the
statesman's opinion given me yester
day, and ' Japan cannot afford not to
fight.
has been laid down on hard, unbend
ing lines. Russian tradition, inherited
from Peter the Great, is to rot draw
back from a position she has once tak
en. The present Emperor, while an
apostle of peace, is strictly Russian.
An amiably worded reply will surely
be given to Japan, and probably also
a kindly paternal lecture upon the folly
of trying to match herself against Rus
sia. That may or may not be consid
ered an ultimatum, but It will be Rus
sia's final word— not Russia's declara
tion oi war.
Russia, as was officially assured me
at the Foreign Office to-day, wants no
war. At the same time she cannot bow
to Japan.
Russia will declare no war. Japan
may do so. Russia will readily accept
the necessity forced upon her of fight
ing.
Special Cablegram to The Call and New York Herald. CuryrUht, 1003. by the Xew York
Herald Publishing Company.
The promulgation of the ordinances
has had great effect in calming public
Interference.
The new military council will be
composed of Ministers of War and
Marine and the chiefs of the military,
naval and general staffs anJ leading
generals and admirals. Thus; under
the emergency arrangements, the naval
and military staffs are placed on the
same footing.
It is stated that at yesterday's lunch
eon tho Emperor unreservedly invited
the senior* statesmen and the council
ors to give their advice on the existing
crisis.
The Seoul-Fusan Railway, by this
action, becomes virtually a Government
enterprise. The Government guaran
tees the capital of 10,000.000 yon and 6
per cent interest and will nominate the
directors.
TOKIO. Dec. 20.— Another Cabinet
coujicil was held to-day, lasting four
hours. The ordinances passed yester
day by the Cabinet council authorizing
a guarantee of the principal and in
terest of an issue of 10,000,000 yen de
bentures for the purpose of expediting
work on the Seoul-Fusan Railway and
which provided for all possible military
expenses for the protection cf the rail
way and other interests, also author
ized the Government to utilizr; 30,000,000
yen, the proceeds of the Chinese war
indemnity, which hitherto has been de
voted to educational and other pur
poses, as a war fund. In addition au
thorization is given to lssi» treasury
notes payable in five years and to raise
loans payable in t%vo years to an un
limited extent.
"The main point of this whole
thing," he said, "is San Francisco's
unequaled opportunity, to take com
mercial advantage of any sudden or
unusual demand for foodstuffs in the
Orient. If little Japan and big Russia
come to actual fighting, they must ob
tain their commissary supplies from
the nearest available point. .That
point is San Francisco. We beat the
Suez route forty days between Europe
and Yokohama, and we beat New York
via the\same route thifty-five days.
What that saving of time^amounts to in
the transportation of perishable freight
hardly needs explanation. But it may
not be superfluous to state that, on ac
count of the heat encountered at all
times of year on the Sues route, it
would be impossible to shin such prod
ucts as preserved meats, fruits or vege-
'"We obtained the order through our
J>ranch. house" at Shanghai," said Louis
Getz yesterday, "and if we had not had
a branch house there the order probably
would have gone to a European agency.
If the meat could be procured on this
coast we could buy it here, but as it
is, we -have been obliged to send east
for it. The first special trainload is
now en route from Kansas City, and
will arrive in time for shipment on
the Coptic, due to sail on January 15.
The consignment consists of 2093 bar
rels, each barrel containing 350 pounds,
and it will be in. as good condition
when it reaches its destination as when
it left the packing house."
Getz declined to disclose where the
meat would be landed, but. it is pretty
generally understood that Port Arthur
is its destination.
"The remainder of the order will.be
shipped just as rapidly as we can find
marine transportation for it," said he.
"I have no doubt that other San Fran
cisco firms will, directly or indirectly,
reap some benefit from the warlike
situation in the Orient, for San Fran
cisco is the logical shipping point for
all kinds of provisions." '.;¦ -
NATURAL BASK OF SUPPLIES.
Secretary L. R. Tuttle then took up
the theme. ftiV-*
That this city would derive material
profit from actual war between Russia
and Japan has been practically demon
strated by the contract secured by
Getz Bros. & Co. It calls for the de
livery of 3,000,000 pounds of cured beef
to the Russian base of supplies in the
Orient, and every pound of the meat
will be shipped from San Francisco,
which means work and wages for San
Francisco residents.
SAX FRAXCISCO'S CHANCE.
"The directorate of the Toyo Kisen
Kaisha is very close to the Japanese
Government. If war was imminent
they would know it, and the first use
they would make of their knowledge
would be to look out for the ships. I*n
the event of war the Government
would certainly take the three ships
and would want them without delay.
W-hen trouble really threatens we will
be notified in plenty 'of time to make a
proper disposition of ourt freight and
passenger contracts and turn over the
ships to the Government in time for
them' to have them where they want
them when hostilities begin. If there
was any chance of the Nippon Maru's
running into trouble neither passen
gers nor shippers would be asked to
share it. No bookings have been can
celed and for the immediate present we
are not expecting war."
The ordinary marine insurance policy
does not cover loss by capture, seizure
or detention at the hands of an un
friendly power, and most of the Nip
pon's big cargo will be covered by this
war* risk, the rate of* which was quoted
yesterday at 1 per cent.
The Nippon Maru will take from here
sixty-five cabin passengers, most of
therr^ United States Government- em
ployes bound for Manila, where the
liner calls on this trip. The report that
forty intending passengers, alarmed at
the situation in the Orient, had can
celed their bookings on the Nippon
Maru, was denied yesterday by-.the lo
cal representatives of the Toyo Kisen
Kaisha and by Passenger Agent A. G.
D. Kerrcll.
At the office of the Toyo Kisen Kai
sha the prospect for early trouble Is
considered lightly. VV. H. A very, -the
company's agent here, is^at present in
the East. B. A. Harnett, who is acting
in his place, said yesterday that If
there .was, the. least danger of war be
fore the Nippon Maru is scheduled to
reach Japan he would have been noti
fied. He said:
The Nippon will carry from here
about 4000 tons of valuable merchan
dise. She is under subsidy to the.Jap
anese Government and was built with
the view of being used as an auxiliary
cruiser in case of emergency. The Nip
pon and her sister?, the America Maru
and the Hongkong Maru, which make
up the Toyo Kisen Kaisha's fleet in the
service between here and the - Orient,
are particularly fine steamships,
speedy and in splendid condition. It is
only a few months since the three lin
ers passed their annual Government
trial, and all proved better than the
requirements of the act under which
they receive a liberal subsidy.
Any of the boats would prove tempt
ing to a prize-hunting enemy, and no
body realizes this better than the mer
chants who have intrusted their wares
to the Japanese line.
IJXER CARRIES PASSENGERS.
Something of the seriousness with
which the commercial world views the
situation in the Far East was indicated
yeBterday by a cable dispatch received
from London quoting a rate of 1 per
cent war risk on the cargo of the Jap
anese liner, Nippon Maru, which sails
to-day for the Orient. Under the cir
cumstances and especially in view of
the fact that Japan possesses a mag
nificent navy in the Pacific, this rate is
considered nigh.
Aged Francis Joseph of Aus
tria Suffers a Severe Attack
and liis Grave Condition Is
the Cause of Much Alarm
The Rockefeller and Frick In
. terests Are Now in Complete
Control of the . Great Unit
ed States Steel Corporation
— » ?
Conflict With the Civil Ser
vice Examiners Regarding
Candidates for the Position
.STRONGLY FAVOR BURNETT
American and British Sympathy
for Japan Causes Irritation
in St. Petersburg.
The Mikado's Cabinet
Provides for Big
War Fund.
Underwriters Place a
War Risk on Cargo
of a Liner.
CARNEGIE'S
FOES RULE
BIG TRUST
EMPEROR
SEIZED BY
PARALYSIS
DUKE TO WEAR
CAPTAIN'S STAR
YOKOHAMA, Japan, Dec. 30.— The Government is completing the final preliminaries for placing the country on a war foot
ing. Imperial ordinances ¦which have been issued authorize the Government to make an unlimited issue of treasury bonds to
provide' war funds, create a special coundl of war and fix the imperial headquarters in the event of. war. If a special issue of
war bonds is made it is understood that the bonds can be floated in England, whence assurances are said to have come that the
money would be forthcoming. The Ministers and executive chiefs discussed the situation three hours yesterday (Tuesday), but
nothing regarding their deliberation was made public. The new ordinances are believed to provide completely for all emergencies.
TOKIO GOVERNMENT PLACES JAPAN ON WAR FOOTING;
STEAMSHIP NIPPON MARU INSURES AGAINST CAPTURE
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY. DECEMBER 30, 1903.
Pyfography outfits afl things to burn
In wood 1 and leather.' Cirt material ..de
partment. Sanborn. Ve*l &. Co. ' •
• PARIS. Dec. 29. — Gi! Bias announces
that M. Bouver will soon resign the
portfolio of the Ministry of Finance
and resume the presidency oi the Bank
of Commerce and Industry.
French Minister ol Finance to Resign.
NEW YORK— Sailed Dec !•&— Sttr.r Georgic,
for Liverpool : stmr ilair.t. for Bremeu.
VICTORIA, B C— Sailed D«e 20 — Br «tmr
Eroprfss. of India, for Yokohama; Jap stinr
Aoki' M&ni.. for 'China and JHnan.
. OCEAN' STEAMERS. '
FOKEIGX PORT.
Tuesday, December 29.
'Stmr Del Norte. Green. Cre*cent .City.
3
The easiest' wav to be surf
fcn doinjj as you'd be done-b\
...
in tra.de is the Schilling's Best
meneyback way ?.t your gro-
cer';
ADVERTISEMENTS.
$2-00 h^
Pleasant to Shave With.
Easy to Buy.
yiy $2.OO Razor is tnadr of cxr^ll"T\t ma-
t«?<tal. Hf- the Tnc*t steel !n the blade.
liy j.ric*- 1* a *;>*-cial one.
i - \r; « choice line of Stiletto, Wosten-
liolm. ifeiK-kcls. Jordan* and other liiRh
r!«ss 1jiic« o( CutU-ry. Including rocket
Knlvs. Star riaffty ltazors and Scissors.
urtier t-y Uatl if you're out cf town.
THAT MAN PITTS
<F. V.'. PITTS.)
THE STATIONER
X0C8 IIAX3CET ST., Above Powell.
SAN FRANCISCO.OAKLA>TD, Dec. 29. — Miss Willis
Wood, a teacher at the Lincoln
School, has reported to City Superin
tendent of Schools McCIymonds that
she has lost three salary warrants for
$75 each in her favor for July, Aug
ust and September. The warrants
were Indorsed by Miss Wood. Pay
ment on the warrants has been stop
ped by the banks.
Teacher Loses Salary Warrants.
OAKLAND, Dec. 29. — A guardian
was appointed to-day for Carrie M.
Putzman, a 13-year-old child living at
Elmhurst and who has recently lost
both father and mother. She inherited
a $2000 life insurance policy on her
father's death and to-day. Judge Mel
vin appointed Mrs. Bertha Heidtmarm
as guardian of the child and her
estate, fixing her bond at $4000.
A petition for letters of administra
tion on the estate of Cyrus D. Kelley
was filed to-day. The estata is valued
at more than $10,000 and Is said to be
located here and in the State of
Wyoming. The heirs are Hattie W.
Kelley, the widow, and Norma M..
Janet M., Cecilia "W. and Cyrus D.,
children of the deceased.
A partial distribution of the estata
left by the late Caroline P. B. Storey
and valued at $95,4 50 was ordered by
Judge Hall to-day. The property goes
to three children and is located in
Berkeley and on McAllister street in
San Francisco.
Frederick E. Magee, S. P. Middleton
and H. B. Belden have been appointed
to appraise the estate of Lady Yarde-
Buller, which is located in San Fran
cisco. She has been adjudged incom
petent and it is purposed to turn her
realty Into cash.
William Gorman, brother of the lata
John Gorman, one of the pioneers of
San Leandro. has petitioned the courts
for special letters of administration on
his brother's estate. John Gorman
owned a saloon in San Leandro, which,
It is stated, needs some one with au
thority to care for it.
Petition for the probate of the will
of Mrs. Johanna M. Finck of Golden
Gate was filed to-day. Her estate is
valued at $6000 and is left share and
share alike to her three sons.
Mrs. Bertha Hriiltmanii Is Appointed
as Custodian of Carrie 31. Putz
inan — Probate Matters.
LJTTLE ELJIIIVRST GIRL.
IS GIVEN GTARSMAX
Schools— Dr. W. W. Allen. Francis FerTler.
J. R. Little. W. A. L. Knovvles. Joseph F.
Mills. A. T. Sutherland.
Streets — Benjamin Bang*. J. I>. Barker, Dr.
Thomas Addison. Otto Nlehaus.
Town Hall— F. W. Richardson. II. D. Grif
fiths. E. W. Unfcrth. A. E. Shaw. Frank
Fowden. Robert Greigg.
Wharf — J. T. Rnu, W. II. Marston. Joseph
McLean. Christian Hoff, W. J. Schmidt. T. JU.
Gerlrine.
J. W. Richards, chairman of the Citi
zens' Bond Committee, announced to
night the names of those who will com
pose the sub-committees that will col
lect data on the various items proposed
for the bond issue. The nominations
were made in collaboration with Thom
as Rickard, president of the goard of
Trustees, acting in accordance with
the " decision of the Bond Committee
when it held its first meeting last Mon
day night in the City Hall. These mem
bers were chosen because of theif fit
ness to deal with the particular, sub
jects given into theff hands and are
the following named: \ft-'i
Taxation— Carl C. Plehn, Allan G. Clark. A.
TV. N'aylor. W. II. Waste, Charlea H. tap«ar.
F.'F. Connor.
Fire— W. H Marston. E. I~ Favcr, Thorras
Dowd. R. C. Staats. A. L. Ott. ' '
Manual training — Victor Kobertson. J. «w.
Richards, John M. Foy, A. J. Donahue. \V. K.
Weir. H. IX Irwin.
Parks — Dr. P F. C. Biehl. FranV*. M. Wil
son EJward Nichaus. M. L. Ryder. Professor
E. J. Wlckson.
Berkeley Office San Francisco Call,
2148 Center Street, Dec. 39.
Chooses Citizens Peculiarly Fit
ted to Deal With the Subjects
Involved in Proposed I&uo
NAMES PROMINENT MtN
Chairman J. W. Richards domi
nates the Chairmen ol Sab-
Committees to Collect Data
WORK OUTLINED
FOR COMMITTEE
Oreo's Examination Is Set.
OAKLAND, Dec. 29.— Louis Oreo,
charged with shooting Louis Gratiano,
will have his preliminary examination
on January 5, before Police Judge
Mortimer Smith.
,- OAKLAND, Dec. 29.r-Condemna
tion proceedings have been begun by
the town of Berkeley against Dennis
Sullivan and others for a right of way
for a sewer. It is alleged the land is
needed for the public welfare.
Asks for Right of Way.
OAKLAND, Dec. 29.— The wardens
of St. John's Church have asked the
courts to allow them to mortgage a lot
belonging to the corporation at Eighth
and Grove streets in order to raise
$1000 to pay the church indebtedness.
To Pay Church Debt.
OAKLAND, Dec. 29. — Three
charges of assault face John Gere and
Ed J. Brown, respectively. The men
were arrested this afternoon on com
plaint of Thomas F. Little, C. V. Chase
and J. K. Moore, who claim'they were
suddenly and without provocation at
tacked by the pair Saturday night on
.Washington street, near Tenth.
Charged With Assault.
OAKLAND, Dec. 29.— The following
marriage licenses were issued by the
County. Clerk to-day: Frank F. Platte,
29, and Diana Vitiach, 19, both of
Tesla; James P. Sissin, 26, Hilo, and
Edith M. Cheek, 24, Oakland; Grant
P. Mammans, 34, and Beatrice E.
Griffln, 29, both. of Oakland; Con S.
Amarai. over 21, Niles, arid Beatrice
J. Rose, over 18, Decoto; Rollie R.
Parks, 21, and Mabelle Keeler, 20, both
of Alameda.
Marriage Licenses.
Mrs. Mary Bartels, against whom
suit was brought in the Probate Court
Monday by Frank J. Kane for letters
of guardianship over the persons and
estate of her two children, filed her
answer to Kane's complaint yester
day. She alleges, that she is not and
never was insane. The answer fur
ther states that the two children have
no property and that she was released
by the Insanity Commissioners. In
the answer to the complaint Mrs. Bar
tels says she believes Kane has de
signs on her property. She says that
Kane is obnoxious to her, both per
sonally and by reputation. Mrs. Bar
tels is the. woman who attempted to
incinerate herself a few weeks ago in
her house on Stevenson street.
Says That Kane Is Obnoxious.
OAKLAND, Dec. 29.— Charles^ T.
Gaylor, convicted last week of bur
glary in' having. entered the home of
Professor W. Wilkinson at Berkeley,
was sentenced to five years at Folsom
prison to-day by Judge Ellsworth,
j Gaylor was found in a closet of the
Wilkinson home, but pleaded that he
was In an alcoholic trance and did not
know what he was doing.
It took two, trials to secure a con
viction, as the circumstances made his
story plausible in some respects and
raised a doubt in the Jurors' minds.
By the severity of the sentence the
Judge was evidently little impressed
with the story, i
Judge Ellsworth Is Not Impressed
With Ills' Story and Gives Him
Five Years.
GAYLOR IS SENTENCED
TO FOLSOM PRISON
OAKLAND, Dec. 29. — Joseph Syl
vester, charged with bunkoing Luigi
Belfanti out of $700, was arraigned
to-day in the Police Court and his
preliminary examination was set for
December 31. Sylvester claimed he
had found valuable Jewels, for the' re
covery of which the Pope had offered
a large reward. Belfanti loaned Syl
vester the money on the supposed
gems, but when he opened the pack
age he found only a lot of gilded and
worthless iron.
Supposed Treasure Is Worthless.
BERKELEY, Dec. 29. — The Oak
land Transit Company is preparing to
begin operations in a few days on the
extension of the University-avenue
branch car line along University ave
nue from the present terminus at San
Pablo avenue to Third street. This
step has long been contemplated and
will be a great convenience to the
West Berkeley public. It will form
a connection between East and West
Berkeley and make accessible to the
people of all Berkeley the main line
trains of . the Southern Pacific Com
pany at Third street. *-;':hj
The first step making for this im
provement was taken last night when
the Oakland Transit Company's attor
ney asked the Board or Trustees for
permission to abandon a franchise
that had been previously granted to
run from the intersection of San Pab
lo avenue and University to Bristol
street, to Eighth, to University, to
Third street. The attorney stated that it
was the desire of the Transit Company
to run straight down University ave
nue to the bay, instead of taking the
zigzag route. The Trustees signified
.their willingness to accede to the
Transit Company's wishes and a reso r
lution declaring the franchise forfeit
ed will be adopted at the next meet^
Oakland Transit Company Asks Board
of Trustees for Permission to
Abandon Franchise.
PLANS TO EXTEND LINE
OX UNIVERSITY AVENUE
OAKLAND, Dec. 29.— A verdict of
death from an accidental fall was ren
dered to-night by a Coroner's Jury in
the case of Richard Sibrian, who was
found dead in a cell at the City Prison
Saturday morning. Coroner Mehrmann
heard testimony from Charles Antwiler,
who saw Sibrian fall down a stair
way at Seventh and Washington
streets; Mrs. Myra Parr, Peter Chris
tensen, Dr. E. von Adelung, H. A. Bor
chert," steward of the Receiving Hos
pital; John C. McDonald, James Floyd
and Policemen Sill, Forgle, Cockerton,
Bert Brown, Henderson and Flynn.
Sihrian's Death Is Accidental.
OAKLAND, Dec. 29. — Charges
made ,by Councilman G. E. Aitken
that N. A. Ball, Chief of the Fire De
partment, had purchased a team
balky horses for department use were
heard last night by the City Council
and not sustained. Incidental to 'the
inquiry a lively controversy was in
jected between Dr. Thomas Car
penter of AJametia and Dr. W.. H.
Funston of Oakland on one side and
Dr. R. A. Archibald, city veterinarian,
concerning an alleged spavin on one
of the horses in dispute. Carpenter
and Funston, who are unfriendly to
Archibald, insisted that a spavin ex
isted. The city official this morning
examined the horse and could find no
such trouble. During Archibald's
inspection Chief Ball and George W.
Dornin, president of the City Council,
were present.
Altkcn's Charges Not Sustained.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
111* Broadway. Dec. 29.
One Grand Jury has^already investi
gated the attempt that was made by
C. S. Mac Mullan to extort $500 from the
Southern Pacific Company and another
Grand Jury now (n session is going to
look further into the matter.
MacMullan admit? that he made the
call upon Jere Burke of the Southern
Pacific Company, the details of which
were published in The Call this morn
ing, but he denies that the request for
5500 was blackmail. He *ays that he
merely sought "a loan to be devoted to
an effort to increase the local travel on
its ferries between Alameda County*
and San Francisco."
It now transpires that a short time
after the employment of MacMullan
the Supervisors were made aware of his
cumin. nioations with the officials cf
the Southern Pacific Company, both
written and oral. This information
was discussed in a secret session of the
board, but the discussion was never
givon out, and MacMullan was allowed
to continue his work uf "playing" the
information he discovered, while being
paid by the Supervisors, against the
officials of the corporations.
Supervisor. J. M. Kelley is frank
enough to say that he was originally in
favor of MacMullan, but that the Su
pervisors ma«ie two mistakes — the first,
that of making a blind contract, and
the second that of continuing MacMul
lan in employment after they knew
that he had been attempting to "hold
\ix>" the Southern Pacific Company.
This is what Mr. Kelley says:
SUPERVISOR KELLEY TALKS.
•"We might just as well admit that
we made several mistakes and take
whatever criticism is offered. In the
first place every member of our board
was in favor of the employment of
MacMullan. It seemed like a good
proposition to us and we all took it.
But the mistake was that we entered
into a blind contract and did not look
where it was going to land us. I can
only speak for myself, but I feel cer
tain that there was not a member of
the board that thought that MacMul
lan would make more than a few hun
dred dollars out of his proposition and
we did not look into the future.
"The second mistake was that we
continued MacMullan in the employ of
the county after we knew that he had
been talking to officials of the South
ern Pacific Company upon the strength
of that employment. I can only take
comfort from the fact that all public
officials are likely to make mistakes
and this is one of mine.
"As I understand the exact condition
of affairs it is this: MacMullan ap
plied to the Board of Supervisors for
this employment and' submitted a com
munication that gave us to understand
that there was a few thousand dollars'
worth of property that was not being
assessed, and he agreed for one-half
of the taxes to show us where It was.
The proposition did not strike us as
a very large one and every member of
the board thought that it was a good
scheme.
"Shortly before we employed Mac-
Mullan, but after he was absolutely
sure that he was going to get the ap
pointment, he began negotiations with
the Southern Pacific Compouy's offi
cials, i
"We did not know of these negotia
tions at the time we employed him,
but the story reached our ears later.
The second mistake was made at that
time, when we ought to have immedi
ately dispensed with his services.
"Whether we can be held or not for
these claims is a question, and the
charges of blackmail that are floating
around make the case very much
•worse than if we simply had to deal
with a demand the size of which was
not anticipated. However, we will have
to face it and do the best we can under
unfortunate circumstances."
MITCHELL IS DETERMINED.
Chairman John Mitchell of the Board
of Supervisors is out for a. full and
complete Investigation, and he is de
termined to know all about the Mac-
Mullan deal, both with regard to the
county of Alameda and the effort to
sell information to the Southern Pa
cific Company. Mr. Mitchell is Just as
decided as he was at the outset and
he declares that bo far as he is con-;
cerned MacMullan will have *.o sue for
every cent he gets from Alameda Coun
ty. Mr. Mitchell said to-day:
"I <Jo not consider that there is a
dollar owing MacMullan from the coun- :
ty, and if he gets anything hs will have
to sue for it, so far as my vote is con
cerned. The whole matter turns upon
the question of whether we were em
ploying a man to report to us or a
man to report to the County Assessor.
We agreed to pay this man if he fur
nished us certain information. Instead
of that he furnished some information
to the County Assessor. What that
information is or was we have no offi
cial knowledge and we are left to pay
the bills and take the Orunt of the
whole trick. So far as I am concerned
MacMullan shall never get a cent from
this county without a suit. • .
"So far as the negotiations between
MacMullan and the Soutnern Pacific
Company are concerned I do not care
to discuss those now. I do not think
th*t MacMullan will deny them."
C. S. MacMullan to-day issued a
statement of his side of the case. This
statement was prepared by MacMullan
Professor O'Neill will resume his
work in the chair of organic and
¦physiological chemistry when the new
term begins.
The fields In Japan are being operated on the
same ' limited scale, but are being constantly
developed and extended. You may gain some
Idea of the limited output in Japan when I say
that last year it was a.000,000 barrels, while
here In California it was 25,000,000 barrels.
AH of these fields yield different qualities of
oil, buf none are equal to the products of
Pennsylvania. As a rule, they are about equal
to the California oils. When they first began
to bring: oil to the surface in the Far East
they allowed the benzine to run into the sea,
not -knowing its value, but how it is being
saved and shipped to different countries.
There is little danger of California being af
fected by these new fields, as the increasing
use of oil will abeorb all that Is produced for
years to come.
JAPAX OUTPUT LIMITED.
'They ueo oil almost entirely in the locomo
tives of Russia and in many of the steamers
plying the Caspian Sea. It is refined at Baku
and then taken to Batoum, on the Black Sea,
for shipment. Some Is transported by pipe
lines and some by tank cars. These fields are
owned chiefly by the Rothschilds and the No
bels, who reap enormous profits from them. The
Standard OH Company of this country has no
interest In the fields, but I believe there Is an
understanding between the corporations.
The fields in Burmah and Sumatra are new 1
enterprises and limited in extent, but they are
being rapidly developed. There is a growing
demand in the East for kerosene, especially In
India and China. The people in Asia are now
using kerosene largely, instead of candles and
seed oils.
I found the Russian oil to be very different
from that of California or Pennsylvania. It Is
not as good an oil as that of Pennsylvania, hav
ing a smaller percentage of kerosene in its com
position. It is about the same as California
oil. A large portion of the oil taken from the
wells at Baku is used for fuel, but not in the
raw state as here. It is refined and the residue
is used tor fuel, the distillate being refined into
benzine and kerosene.
BERKELEY, Dec. 29. — Edmund
O'Neill, associate professor of chem
istry at the University of California,
has returned on the steamship Si
beria from a trip around the world.
During his six months' absence Pro
fessor O'Neill attended the fifth Inter
national Congress of Chemists at Ber
lin and thon visited th§ oil fields of
Russia and the Far East. '•¦'¦
The convention of chemists which
Professor O'Neill attended was com
posed of some 2500 delegates, repre
senting schools and cwleges all over
the world. It was in session ten days,
during whinh papers were read by
many leading chemists. Professor
O'Neill read a paper on "California Pe
troleum." He was elected a vice pres
ident of the international organization.
Of greater interest to California,
however, is Professor O'NeilVs. visit
to the European and Asiatic oil fields,
which have lately developed^into
extensive enterprises. He examined
the operations at Baku, Russia, { the
eldest oil fields and the most exten
sive in the world, and those at Bur
mah, Sumatra and Japan, which are
all comparatively new.
USE OP OIL IX RUSSIA.
Of his observations Professor O'Neill
speaks as follows:
"My sin Is that I honestly reported
all errors thus far discovered and that
I failed to cut out from my, list the
derelict corporations bo used to favor
able consideration from aspiring offi
cials, and the sin of Assessor Dalton is
that he assessed such reported property
at the value reauired by law.
"If any statement has been made that
I have agreed to divide my commis
sions with anybody or that I act in
collusion with any public official, it is
unqualifiedly false, j
"As to the matter of blackmail, there
is simply nothing In it. The railroad
people are trying to turn a recognition
of friendjy services to me by one of
their officials, which recognition was
made previous to my employment by
the Board of Supervisors, into a case
of blackmail and extortion, when- the
favor asked was a" loan to" be devoted
to an effort to increase the local travel
on its ferries between Alameda County
and San Francisco."
"My employment by the county was
to ascertain what errors appeared in
the assessment roll whereby the coun
ty was losing the revenue to which it
was entitled. In the event of any er
rors I discovered appeared in the as
sessment roll of one year only, or even
two years, I was to receive no compen
sation therefor, and the county was to
get the full benefit of the revenue col
lected by virtue of the discovery of
those errors, and only in the event that
I discovered errors from which the
county had suffered the loss of a reve
nue for three years was I to receive
any compensation and that compen
sation was to be one-half of the
amount collected on the property thus
discovered. In no event was the ex
pense of my employment to be a bur
den on the taxpayers heretofore list
ed. In other words, I was to dig up
outsiders who had evaded taxation, who
would pay my compensation, and in
addition thereto, a similar amount to
the county or its tax collector.
"I now hold the distinctive position
of being the only person in the employ
of the State, county or city, who is no
expense to the taxpayer, but find my
'salary* in the pockets of outsiders who
are to pay additional thousands, here
tofore lost to the county, Into the pub
lic treasury. The better I fare from
such employment, proportionately
greater was the government to benefit
as on many errors reported I was to
receive no compensation under my con
tract. If my commissions amounted to
but $800, the county must necessarily be
a greater loser by my employment than
if my commissions amounted to $8000
In any event, the county was to be a
great gainer by my employment.
"Immediately following my employ
ment I told certain members of the
Board of Supervisors that I would
probably make more money on my con
tract than they anticipated. Super
visor Horner replied, 'The more you
make the better we like it, for the more
the county will make.'
"Supervisor Kelley said: "Make every
dollar you can for the county, for you
are In on It.'
"Supervisor Rowe said: 'See that no
property escapes assessment, as we
want everybody to bear their just pro
portion of the taxes, and the more you
make the more the county will make.'
"A wealthy taxpayer of this county
tells me that he will wager JS10.000 to
$2500 that he can secure the signatures
of 10.000 taxpayers in this county to an
indorsement of the employment of me
by the Board of Supervisors to expert
the roll, and I take it from the many
people who have spoken to me In re
gard to the matter that the board's
action in this particular is generally in
dorsed and certainly should be by all
intelligent people.
MacMULLAX'S STATEM EXT.
personally and is devoted to labored
explanations of how he came to be
employed by the Supervisors, a de
fense of other county officials and an
admission of his negotiations with the
officials of the Southern Pacific Com
pany for a "loan." This is the state
ment:
PROFESSOR WHO HAS RE
TURNED FROM TRIP
AROUND THE WORLp.
James Kelley, a resident of Oak
land, died last Saturday at St. Mary's
Hospital in San Francisco. Deceased
was 63 years of age and leaves two
sons and two daughters, all of whom
reside in Oakland.
OAKLAND, Dec. 29. — Mrs. Eliza J.
McChesney died this morning at her
home, 849 Thirty-third street. The
deceased was well known in East
Oakland, where she lived for a num
ber of years previous to her removal
to her late residence. Mrs. McChes
ney leaves a husband and five sons.
The funeral will be held from the
family residence next Thursday and
the interment will be at Mountain
View Cemetery-
Allan T. Ayres, a resident of this
city, aged 74 years, died at the home
of his daughter near Stockton last
Saturday. He had gone to spend
Christmas with the daughter and his
death was very sudden. Deceased
leaves a wife and two daughters. The
funeral was held to-day, the rerrMins
having been brought here for inter
ment.
The funeral of Dudley Blanchard,
who died December 24 at Jacoma,
Wash., was held to-day, the remains
having been shipped to Oakland for
burial. He was the father of Mrs.
John J. Valentine.
Death of Oaklandcrs.
- Mr. v and Mrs. T. W. Leydecker entertained
the Isle City Whist Club at their home, 025
Santa Clara avenue, last evening. Prizes were
won by Mrs. A. A. Stratford, L. M. Kline and
T. W. Leydecker. The club will hold Its next
meeting at the residence of Dr. L. T. Cranz,
1626 Sherman street.
Thursday afternoon the pansy class of the
First Congregational Church will give an en
tertainment in the church parlors from 3 until
5 o'clock. Among those who will *< participate
are Elmer Cleary, Norma Foss, Olive Hanley,
Ward Higglns, Benton McClellan, Ella Brown
ing, Ella Muller, Marjorie Scott. Albert Was
tell, Richard James, Harold Dexter, 'Philip
Dexter, Wlllard Grifflng, Helen Neal, Marian
Murtine, Nita Martlne, Muriel Newton. Ruth
Billiard, Ethelyn Galge. Laura Splnk, Memory
Doublcday. Dorothy Foster, Lois Rogers and
Alvle Leitch.
ALAMEDA. Dec. 20.— Members of the Friday
Evening Assembly .will hold a Christmas party
in Harmonie Hall to-morrow evening. • The
patronesses of the function are Mrs. George
H. Mastlck. Mrs. E. F. Gerald. Mrs. M. W.
Levkowicz end Mrs. F. D. Colburn.
Mr. and Mrs. A. S. J. Woods entertained a
number of friends at their home on Christmas
day. A Christmas dinner was served, after
which there was an entertainment.
Remlgio Rueda, son of a wealthy family In
the Argentine ReDublic, and Miss Grace V.
Rood, daughter of Dr. and Mrs. R. C. Rood
of San Diego, were married on Monday, De
cember. 21, in Oakland, in the presence of a
large number of friends. The young couple
immediately left for Iowa, the groom intend
ing to take a post-graduate course at the
university of that State. He haa just received
his degree from the University of California'.
The bride was a senior at the univeijsity.
Miss Elizabeth Rogers of 2127 Prince street
was tendered a surprise party at her home on
Christmas eve by a number of her young
friends. An impromptu programme served to
amuse and gifts were afterward exchanged.
The guests were the Misses Louise Gunnip,
Mildred Birmingham, Alice Short, Maud Bir
mingham, Lillian Pelletln, Gladys Adams, Ida
Ollerlch, Juliar Walker, Daphne Forsythe, An
toinette Kenake. Harold Brayton, Harry Mel
ltnk. George Graff. Fred Ollerlch, Eugene
Carles, Joseph Rodgers, Russell Cross, Allen
Nicholti, William Thorns, Fred Nicholas, Mr.
and Mrs. A. L. Rogers, Mrs. C. L. Rogers,
Mr. and Mrs. A. L. Thorns, Mrs. G. E. For
sythe, Mrs. C. A. Melllnk, Mrs. 3. E. Nich
olas, Mrs. C. T. Rogers and T. F. Holtzer.
Miss Marjorie Erwln will be the hostess at
a card party to be tlven next Wednesday
afternoon. Miss Florence Thrall will assist
her In receiving her guests.
BERKELEY. Dec. 20.— Berkeley Lodie of
Good Templars will give an "at home" in
their lodceroom, corner Berkeley way and
Shattuck avenue, on New Year's night. The
members and their guests will be entertained
by a. programme of musical and literary num
bers.
The Piedmont Whist Club was entertained
by Mrs. House yesterday, Mrs. S. D.
Gil man being the lucky prize winner. Mrs.
House's guests included Mrs. Harmon Bell,
Mrs. George Sterling, Mrs. H. C. Capwell, Mrs.
W. E. Sharon. Mrs. Henry Bratnober, Mrs.
Harry Thomas, Mrs. Charles Gilman, Mrs.
Charles Gilman Jr., Mrs. Maxwell, Mrs. Ed
mund Engs, Mre. Wickham Havens, Mrs. -J. T.
AV. Randall, Mrs. J. B. Richardson, Mrs. H. C.
Mygatt and Mrs. Florence Wing.
"Little Christmas" will be celebrated at St.
Paul's Episcopal Church on January 6 with an
old-fashioned Twelfth-Night party. The
members of the choir will be the chief partici
pants and a music programme will be given
under the direction of E. F. Crandali, Mrs.
Newton Koser, Miss Crlssle Taft and Miss
Maude Edith Pope. The proposed entertain
ment was originated by Rev. C. W. Walkerly,
rector of St. Paul's.
The big tree which gave so much pleasure to
Mrs. Lunlnr and her guests' Christmas eve
was relighted Sunday anil many a little heart
was gladdened by the pretty gifts Its glittering
branches yielded.
Mrs. Osrar Lunlnff also acted the part of
fairy godmother Sunday, gathering' in the
neighborhood children and giving the word
"Christmas" a real meaning- to a score or
more of little folks whose stockings had been
hanging empty and to whom a "tree" was but
a dream.
Mrs. William Hubbard entertained a num
ber of children — little tots whom Santa Claus
had forgotten — at her home yesterday after
noon and distributed gifts from a large Christ
mas tree. She was assisted by Mrs. Samuel
Hubbard Jr. and Mrs. R. A. Bray.
OAKLAND. Dec. 20.— One of the most elab
orate functions of the week will undoubtedly
be the luncheon which Mrs. John Charles
Adams is planning for Mrs. Malcolm .Henry of
"Washington, D. C. It will take place to-mor
row at the University Club in San Francisco,
and as the decorator has been griven carte
blanche something unique may be expected.
About 150 puests* have been invited to meet
Mrs. Henry and many delightful features have
been prepared for their entertainment by Mrs.
Adams, who is a most liberal and original
hostess. Mrs. Henry and Mrs, Adams at
tended school together and many friends of
their school days will be guests at the lunch
eon.
This will be the first of a series of pleasant
affairs Mre. Adams Intends giving.
EVENTS IN SOCIETY
"Tax Expert'- Asserts That He
Only Sought Loan to In
f*mi.s<? Travel on the Com
pany's Local Ferry Service
The terms were so unsatisfactory to
Henry that he filed a contest of his
father's will and he charged Mrs.
Nicholas with exerting undue influence
ever the father, who, according to the
son, was mentally unsound and incom
petent. The brother charged his sister
with many forms of improper conduct
toward the father in his last days.
All of this has been set aside by thb
compromise. The trust clause will be
modified in execution, the contest will
be dismissed and the will offered for
probate as originally filed. .Reed &
Nusbaumer represent the proponents
of the will and Attorney Asa V. Men
denhall has charge or the son's inter
ests.
The bitter family fight threatened j
over the estate of tne late Henry H. j
Meyer, a pioneer capitalist, has been
averted by a settlement of the will con
test brought by Henry A. Meyer
against his sisters, Mrs. Sophie Nicho
las and Mrs. Ida Gentry, all of them
children of the old pioneer. On the
eve of the battle in court the attorneys
and their clients got together and ar
ranged a compromise by which all of
the parties interested are satisfied.
When the father's will was opened
it was found that Meyer had left a
large share of his $70,000 estate to his
daughter, Mrs. Nicholas. To Mrs. Gen
try a life interest in a portion of the
estate was bequeathed, while the son
Henry found that he was given only
an income of $24 a month from an iron
bound trust created by the will with
Mr?. Nicholas as trustee.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, Dec. 29.
While conversing with friends on an
afternoon train from Sacramento to
day A. S. Moore, a member of the
wholesale commission house of George
A. Moore & Co., 203 California street,
San Francisco, suddenly expired in his
seat, having been stricken with heart
disease. Death came so quickly that
Moore gave not a warning sign to his
companions save a clutching spasm and
groan of pain as his body toppled for
ward from his seat.
The fatality occurred shortly before
2 o'clock, when the train was running
westbound from Altamont to Liver
more. Moore's friends summoned Con
ductor Harry Brydges and physician
was called to the stricken man, but
the doctor could only pronounce him
dead. At Llvermore a disptch was sent
to this city notifying Coroner Mehr
mann. The body was brought through
on the train to Oakland, where the
Coroner took charge of it.
Moore had been out in the interior
of the State on a business trip, being
a traveling salesman for tha firm, in
which he was associated with his
brother. He was also representing the
California Vlgorit Company. George
A. Moore, the brother, wired to Gait,
where the deceased merchant's sud
denly bereaved wife was staying tem
porarily. Moore resided In San Fran
cisco.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, Dec. 29.
"But, Judge, can't I get my money?"
"I don't know anything about that,"
said Judge Ellsworth, "but you must
give ud the child as he is."
Mrs. Hayes took her baby and de
parted Immediately for her home In
Vallejo. She assured those who of
fered assistance that she would speed
ily settle with Mrs. Hayes for the $2 75
worth of garments that Judge Ells
worth had directed Mrs. Hussey to
leave undisturbed on the baby.
"But, Judge," interrupted Mrs. Hus
sey, "the clothes the chid has on I
made and furnished. This coat cost
me $2 75, and can't I get my money?"
' With that outburst Mrs. Hussey com
menced to unbutton the little coat that
covered the baby.
"Madam, you cannot disrobe that
child in this courtroom," commanded
Judge Ellsworth. "You must surrender
the child in the condition in which he
is now."
Mrs. Hayes is the wife of Morgan
Hayes, known among oilmen as a pro
moter and expert in that commodity.
The couple have been married seven
years and their home for a long time
was in Oakland. They are new sep
arated. Last May little Stanley was
put out to board with Mrs. Hussey.
According to the mother and Mrs. Hus
sey, the board was to be paid by the
husband, but a bill for $68 has piled up.
When Mrs. Hayes tried to get the child
she found her efforts thwarted. The
mother sued out a writ of habeas cor
pus, through Attorney A. P. Leach,
and this morning, in response to the
Sheriff's subpe,na, ..Mr&j., Hussey pro
duced .the child before Judge Ellsworth.
Mrs. Hussey explained that her rea
son for holding the child was that the
father had ordered her under *no cir
cumstances to allow the mother to get
possession of the offspring.
Attorney Leach brought out the fact
that the mother -had placed the -child
with Mrs. Hussey in May; that the
father had not seen the child but once,
and that time was in October; that he
had not kept a promise to pay for the
baby's board and care, and that Mrs.
Hussey did not expect to see Hayes
again until next month.
"There is no reason, madam, why
you can detain this child," declared
Judge Ellsworth. "It Is ordered that
the child be turned over to the mother,
the petitioner in this hearing."
UNBUTTONS CHILD'S COAT.
SEPARATED FROM HUSBAND.
"No, no,"' replied Mrs. Hayes. "I
can and will pay for the clothing as
soon as I return home."
It was the climax to a struggle Mrs.
Hayos had been making for several
weeks to regain the custody of her
child, which last May was placed in
the Hussey home at 505 East Eleventh
street to be given care until such time
as the mother could arrange to keep
the baby herself.
Compelled by order of court to sur
render little Stanley Hayes, 3 years
old, to his mother, Mrs. Bessie Hayes
of Vallejo, Mrs. Walter Hussey at
tempted to disrobe the infant in Judge
Ellsworth's court this morning, de
claring that she had paid for the
clothes on the baby's back and she
purposed to get her money or the gar
ments.
Tiromptly his Honor stopped the
extraordinary move that the baby's
former custodian had made, and stern
ly did Judge Ellsworth rebuke the
woman as she tried to unfasten the
baby's outer garments in her effort to
remove the little one's clothing before
she reluctantly gave over the infant
to the anxious mother.
Bystanders in the courtroom, dum
founded by the occurrence, rushed to
the trembling parent as she hugged
her baby to Iper breast and offered
their assistance, financial if need be,
to relieve the situation.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, Dec. 29.
LOXG STATEMENT IS
ISSUED BY ACCUSED
Henry Meyer's Testament to
Be Offered for Probate as
It Was Originally Written
A. S. Moore of a San Francisco
Commission Firm Is Vic
tim of an Unheralded Call
Mother's Successful Contest
Over Her Child Leads to a
Struggle Over the Clothing
Oakland Inquisitorial Body
Purposes Investigating: His
Effort to Secure Money
From the Southern Pacific
WILL CONTEST IS ENDED
REBUKE FROM THE BENCH
HEART DISEASE IS CAUSE
Children of Pioneer Capitalist
Settle Quarrel Ovcb Estate
of Their Deceased Father
Woman Tries to Remove Gar
ments From an Infant She
Was Compelled to Surrender
Traveling Man Is Suddenly
Cut Off While Chatting
With Friends on a Train
MacMULLAN
IN HANDS OF
GRAND JURY
FAMILY FIGHT
COMPROMISED
DEATH QUICKLY
ENDS CONVERSE
WOULD DISROBE
BABE IN COURT
STATE NEED NOT FEAR
OLD WORLD OIL FIELDS
Professor Edmund O'Neill, Associate to Chair of Chemistry
at University of California, Tells of Wells in Russia and
the Far East — Returns From Journey Round the World
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY. DECEMBER 30, 1903.
NEWS OF THE COUNTY OF ALAMEDA
4
BRANCH OFFICES
OF THE CALL IN
• ALAMEDA COUNTY
OAKLAND.
1118 Broadway.
Telephone Main 1063.
BERKELEY.
2148 Center Street.
Telephone Xorth 77.
ALAMEDA.
1435 Park Street.
Telephone Eagle 302.
NEW ADVEBTISEMENTS.
CASTOR! Pa
For Infants and Children. / '
Tha Kind You Have Always Soup
Bears the SjX Z£?0+-jT
Signature of
Women who make a business of beau-
tifying other women come pretty near
knowing what will bring about the best
results. Here are letters from two, con-'
cernins: Herpicide:
"I can recommend Newbro's •Herpi-
cide,' as it stopped my hair from falling
out: and as a dressing it has no superior.
"(Signed) Bertha A. Trullinger.
"Complexion Specialist.
"29^3 Morrison St.. Portland. Ore."
"After using 1 one bottle of 'Herpicide"
my hair has stopped falling: out. and my
scalp Is entirely free from dandruff.
"(Signed) Grace Dodge.
"Beauty Doctor.
"193 Sixth St.. Portland. Ore.".
Sold by leading druggists. Send 10c In
stamps for sample to The Herpicide Co..
Detroit. Mich. :
Beauty Doctors Indorse Herpicide.
COMPETENT JUDGES.' ROME. Dec. "9. — It Is announced that Presi
dent Loubet will visit Rome .in April next.
SAX JOSE, Dec. 29.— A fire in the
Taylor block on South First street
early this morning- destroyed $2000
worth of property, partially insured.
The block was saved by the fine work
of the firemen.
Mrs. Lee. a tenant, and her two
young, sons had a narrow escape from
death. The. :flre' started in a bakery
on the ground floor and communicat
ed to the rooms above occupied by
Mrs. Lee. The room was full of smoke
when. she awakened and she escaped
with her boys in the nick of time.
Lives Are Imperiled for a Time Dur
ing an Eearly Morning Blaze
in San Jose.
MOTHER AXD CHILDREN
ESCAPE FROM A l-TRE
Citrus Fair Association Meets.
CLOVERDALE. Dec. 29.— The annual
meeting of the Cloverdale Citrus Fair
Association was held to-day. J. B.
Cooley and G. Hagmayer were elected
directors for two years. After the ad
journment of the stockholders' meeting
the board of directors met. W. T.
Brush was re-elected president, G. W.
Hoyle vice 'president and G. B. Baer
secretary. A committee consisting of
C. E. Humbert, G. W. Hoyle and J. B.
Cooley will determine the feasibility of
another fair.
Drinks Carbolic Acid.
. Sadie Hearon. 16 years of age, made
an unsuccessful attempt to end her
life yesterday afternoon by drinking
a quantity of carbolic acid at the res
idence of G. Clark, 1316 Devisadero
street, where she was visiting. She
was removed to the Park Hospital and
later to the Central Emergency Hos
pital. About' a month ago the young
woman made a similar attempt on her
life.
DIED. .
EWING—In this city, December ' 30, 19(W.
.Isabella, beloved wtfe of - Luther Ewlnjr. ra
.native of Pennsylvania, aged SO years 2
• months and 9 Uajs.
Wright Chosen Principal.
ALAMEDA, Dec. 29. — The Board of
Education to-night elected S. Bruce
Wright principal of the Porter School,
succeeding J. W. Young, resigned. The
new principal was assistant teacher
in the High School. Wright is a prom
inent alumnus of the University of
California. He was president of the
Associated Students and was a leader
In college life during his four years
at Berkeley.
E. E. Wood and Miss Olive Brown
sillSwere elected assistant teachers In
the Hish School and Miss Lulu Lewi3
was elected a teacher in the primary
grade, unassigned.
JOCKEY'S .MOTHER BURNS
HER MONEY IX AX OVE3
Parse Bulging With Greenbacks Ac
cidcntally Destroyed When It Was
Thousht to Be Secure.
BAKERSFIELD. Dec. 29. — Mrs
Scholl. mother of Jockey Jay Ransch
accidentally burned $1000 which hei
son had presented her for Christmas
In answering a call at the door Mrs
Scholl looked for a place to put th«
pocketbook and also one with $3200;
which Jay had given her for safe keep
ing. The gas range was handy anc
she placed them In the oven and for
got all about them when she lighted
the fire to get supper. When she re«
membered it she found the greenback!
burnd so badly that it is doubtful it
they are of any value. The othei
pocketbook was better protected ant
the contents escaped with a scorching
The bride is the daughter of one of
the richest men of San Diego, who is
president of the San Diego Savings
Bank. The groom is the son of the late
Samuel Bell Wakefield, for nearly ten
years president of the San Francisco
Board of Trade, of which the son is a
present member.
SAX DIEGO, Dec. 29.— The most
elaborate wedding that San Diego has
ever seen was that which to-night unit
ed Miss Lena Holliday Sefton, daugh
ter of Mr. and Mrs. J. W. Sefton, and
Franklin Webster Wakefield of San
Francisco. The marriage ceremony
was performed in the Presbyterian
church by the Rev. R. B. Taylor. A
choir of twenty voices, ten ushers and
ten bridesmaids and- ribbon and ring
bearers made the affair complete.
Miss Lena Scfton and lVanklin Web
ster Wakcflcld of San Francisco
Married in the South.
SAX DIEGO WEDDING
AX EIJUUORATE AFKAIR
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAXTA CRUZ, Dec. 29.— Society girls
of this city were the conductors to-day
on the Santa Cruz, Watsonville and
Capitola Electric Railway. Attired in
jaunty caps, with ribbons of black
showing in gold letters .the word "Con
ductor," they collected all the fares.
The proceeds are to be for the furnish
ing fund of the new Carnegie Free
Library. ¦
From early morning until midnight,
by relays, the young ladies were kept
busy. During the entire afternoon the
cars' were crowded witn passengers.
To-night at Capitola a dancr. was held
and wag well attended.
The younr ladies who* collected the
fares are Misses Eva Bowman. Lucille
Smith, . Ruby Lewis, Grace Witney,
Pearl Shackelford, Pearl Sw-jnton, Vio
let Pena. Mollle Gerrard, Bessie Wood,
Arista Swan, Beatrice Wessendorf,
Julia Coonty, Hazel Cope and Elsie
Hyman. •
Mrs. Elder is able to give a complete
description of her assailant and his
clothing. A man answering his de
scription is known to have been around
Centralia for several days. Officers
are now on his trail.
TACOMA, Wash., Dec. 29.— Held up
on the Xorthern Pacific main line be
tween Centralia and Chehalis by a
hobo, and threatened with death if she
did not give up her money, Mrs. Josie
Elder, the young wife of a farmer living
in Salzer Valley, yesterday saved her
money and herself by pluckily refusing
when the highwayman attempted to
strike her with a rock. The woman then
made her escape by running and
screaming. Her assailant found him
self outfooted and gave up the chase
after a short pursuit. Mrs. Elder hur
ried on to Chehalis, returning to Cen
tralia by train.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
The prompt action and devotion ti
duty of Quinn resulted in ovcrcomini
a delay that would otherwise have beer
serious.
MARE ISLAXD. Dec. 29.— Warran!
Officer W. R. Quinn has received a let
ter of honor from the Secretary of th«
Xavy for bravery on the trip of th«
United States steamship Boston from
San Juan del Sur. Xicaragua.
When the Boston was proceeding
with all possible dispatch from Sar
Juan del Sur the outboard water reliel
valve of the after low-pressure cylin
der blew out, causing great danger
Quinn immediately went down in th«
bilges under the cylinder, where thi
heat was excessive. During the opera
tion it was necessary to' play a flrehosi
on Quinn to modify the heat to whici
he was exposed.
" LOS AXGELES, Dec. 29.— The body
of Theodore C. Grates, a wealthy man
who died here on December 23, is still in
an undertaker's charge awaiting final
disposition, while the relatives are en
gaged in a dispute a3 to whether the
body shall be cremated or buried.
It appears that Grates himself de
sired cremation and his brothers and
friends are anxious to carry out his
wishes, but his father and aunt have
opposed the plan and are in favor of
burial. . •
One attempt has been made to inter
the body, but as it was being lowered
into the grave the relatives objected
and it was returned to the undertaker.
There is a possibility that the matter
will be taken into the law courts. An
estate valued at $100,000 is involved.
G. Seibt; sergeant at arms, J. Ga.lma
rino;» trustee, J. J. Domes; guide. J.
Oneil.
The butchers elected the following
officers last night: President. II.
Behrman; vice president, M. Scan Ian;
secretary-treasurer. C Scheithe; busi
ness agent anrl corresponding secre
tary, T. McGovern; guard, "Pop"
Vincent; sergeant at arms, George
Fett; guide, J. Thicker; trustees, C.
Vogel, J. R. 'Richardson, W. Blethen;
delegates to Packing Trades Council.
C. Scheithe, J. Richardson, W. Short;
delegates to Provision Trades Coun
cil, T. McGovern, C. Scheithe, J. Rich
ardson; delegates to Federated Trades
Council. H. Behrman, T. McGovecn,
C. Scheithe.
Fleet-Footed Farmers Wife
Saves Her Money When As
sailant Threatens Her Life
Society Young 1 Ladies of Santa
Cruz Act as Conductors on
One of the City's Railroads
Warrant Officer Quinn at Alarc
Island Receives Letter oi
Honor From Washington
Angeles Man Kcst in the
Charge of an Undertaker
Remains of Late Wealthy Los
WOMAN OUTRUNS
A HIGHW AYMAN
DISPUTE STILL
STOPS BURIAL
HEROIC WORK
WINS REWARD
BELLES RING
THE CAR FARES
Professors of Two Universities Address
Members at the Fourth Session of
Gathering at Art Institute.
The Philological Association of the
Pacific Coast held its fourth session
of tb' fifth annual meeting yesterday
morning and afternoon. The morning
session was held at the Mark Hopkins
Institute of Art and interesting papers
were read as follows:
Professor W. A. Merrill. University
of California, "Lucretiana"; Professor
J. Goebel, Stanford University, "Cab
bala and Alchemy in Goethe's
'Faust' "; Dr. A. Emerson, University
of California,»"Etruscan Xekropolis of
Abbadla del Fiume, near PJtigliano";
Professor C. A. Rice, Stanford Univer
sity, "Pronunciation of Gaelic Clerical
Latin in the Merovingian and Later
Periods"; President Benjamin Ide
Wheeler, University of California.
"The Parados of Sophokles' 'Anti
gone.' "
The afternoon session was held in
the auditorium of the Affiliated Col
leges of the University of California.
TIip papers presented were as follows:
Professor E. B. Clapp, University of
California, "Hiatus and Elision in the
Greek Melic Poets"; Professor II. K.
Fairclough, Stanford University, "In
fluenre of Greek and Roman Art on
VirRil": Dr. A. 1*. Kroeber. University
of California. "Numerical Systems of
X'ative Languages of California."
The members of the society held a
"smoker" in the evening at a down
town restaurant. The final session of
the meeting will be held this morn
ing.
Colonial Troops Sail for Honarkonp.
VICTORIA, B. C, Dec. 29.— No. S3
Company, Garrison Artillery, 113
strong, left for Hongkong on the
steamer Empress of India to-day, be
ing relieved by Xo. &8 Company, which
arrived from Halifax to-night. The
change is made in the regular schedule
of garrison changes and has no bearing
on the Far Eastern crisis.
Many Local Organizations Elect Their
Officers, Who Will Be Installed
Early In January.
OAKLAND, Dec. 29.— The Milk
Wagon Drivers' Union has elected the
following officers: President, A. J.
Kunze; vice president, William War
ner; secretary, E. A. Hentzell; treas
urer, W. P. Loze; trustees, W. Brant
ner of Berkeley; J. Cummings and H.
Hentzell of Oakland. ;
The election of officers of the^ local
Typographical Union will be held on
the night of the last Saturday in Jan
uary. The following candidates have
been nominated: President, Christo
pher Powning; vice president, Charles
Nisbet; secretary, C. E. Backess;
treasurer, M. Id. Mclnnis; sergeant at
arms, John Donovan; executive com
mittee, O. W. Williams, Charles Xis
bet. A. G. Guth, C. E. Backess, P. J.
Ryan, Edward Kluithworth, Eugene
Baker and Richard Pulis; three dele
gates to the Allied Printing Trades
Council, Charles R. Mulgrew, Charles
Burnham, H. A. Kletzker and Charles
Williams; two delegates to the Labor
Council, P. B. Preble and W. H. Irv
ing; thre auditors, J. W. Ross, C. D.
Rogers and Henry Feldmann.
The Cooks and Waiters' Union
elected officers yesterday, the Austra
lian ballot system being used. Fol
lowing are the new officers, who will
be installed January 5:
President, Frank Overton; vice
president, Martin Grcgovich; second
vice president. Paul Rackman; secre
tary and business agent, Ed Warnock;
treasurer, John Gfllich; inspector, Ben
Bales; inside guard, George Bosnrk;
janitor, Sam Tanovich; executive
board, A. ,F. Medo and George Waller;
trustees, John Cllmovlch, George Bos
nrk and Jack Paccassi; delegate to
Labor Council, A. F. Medo, M. L.
Oberlies, Ed Warnock and M. Marco
vigh.
Local Union Xo. 127 of the Paint
ers' ~ Union will elect officers next
Thursday evening. •
Preliminary arangements have been
made for the consolidation of the lo
cal branches of the two national or
ganizations of carpenters, which takes
place January 1., 1904.
The Wagon Workers' Union last
night elected the follpwing officers for
the coming year: President, J. Bor
ing; vice president, H. Krogh; corre
sponding secretary. <-»• Kcnncy; finan
cial secretary, T. Charroux; treasurer.
READ INTERESTING PAPERS
TO PHILOLOGICAL SOCIETr
LABOR UXIOXS CONCLUDE
BUSINESS OF THE YEAR
* The Grand Jury filed its final report
>vith Presiding Judge Murasky yester
day aad was discharged from further
duty. The report censures' the admin
istration of the County Clerk's office,
which ofiice, it says, is conducted in
a criminal manner. Fault la found
•with the Police Courts for being too
lenient with offenders and imposing
fines too small to deter offenders from
commuting: crimes.
Just before filing its report, the
<"5ranrl Jury seriously discussed the in
rlictment of a certain money lender for
withholding moneys from the salary
¦warrants of several deputies employed
by County Clerk Mahoney. The mem
bers of the Grand lury were unan
imously in favor of bringing in the in
dictment, bu before taking action
"Ailed Assistant District Attorney
Whiting into consultation. Whiting
advi«~d the Grand Jury that there fvas
a flaw in the law, which prevented the
bringing of tk£ indictment, and it was
compelled to abandon its Intention. The
report of the Committee on County
Clerk, composed of Harry M. Kelly,
chairman; James A. Snook and E. J.
Benedict, was adopted. On the sub
ject of warrant shaving, it says:
BLOW' AT MOXKY LENDERS. •
TVe fin3 that one of the most unbusinesslike
rules has been followed by which a cierk is
permitted Witt an understanding between the
money lender and the County Cl«rk. to advance
mor*y to «>mph>yes when they have performed
little or no work in the County Clerk & office
This rule ehould be absolutely abolished ana
«he employes in the County Clerk's office, in
fact all officers of the municipal government,
should only be paid at the end of each month.
The Auditor should not accept any order from
money breakers. bu«. only deliver his voucher on
the treasury to the employes at the end of the
month, and such voucher should be duly In
dorsed by the employe himself and not by out
fcldc parties. a» has been the custom heretofore.
The report continues:
The cf2ce of the County Clerk wm found to
be managed In the most loose and criminal
manner. Salaries wer* deliberately paid to per
sons pe-formlng little or no service to the city,
and we ,iave beer, compelled to indict the Coun
ty Clerk for hi*, criminal act.
In order that these offenses, which caused a
rreat expenditure to the taxpayer &v\ vexatious
Annoyance to lawyers and litigants by the irreg
ularity of keeping the papers and book? proper
ly, may ici again occur, we respectfullr recom
.nend:
That measures should be taken so that the
employes if the County Clerk may be selected
by thi civil service system and composed of
orly diligent ar.d competent persons.
TVat a time clock l>e etrictly kept in the
Countr Clerk's office, the Fame as is done in
liusincFs houses, where the arrival and depart
ure of «a< h and every emjiloye is noted on the
• iial. Tliat a correct co . cf this dial be kept
tiy a proper and trusts official, who ehall
make out a record monthly, and that the cm
jiloye may only be paid for the days In which
h<- has performed liis duty In the County Clerk's
o.'tice.
WAXTS FEES COLLECTED
Ow-.r^ to the different Interpretations by the
various county clerks of the pagt fee bills, and
owing to the carelessness of and in one or
more instance? the cnrginal acts of deputies
<r tierkf In the County Clerk's office, there
has been rauwd to remain unpaid to the County
<i<"rk a large amount of money, and as the
hsid large amount of money is due and collect
ive it is this jury's duty to recommend that
the honorable Jiavnr cr the honorable Board of
Uupti iiaora be directed to appoint a commis
fcianem cr person havir.K authority to collect.
rn behalf <-i the city and county of San Fran.
risco. th« unjjaid fees due the office of the
County Clerk, and with authority to properly
rrfiii tuch fees whirh may have be»-n paid and
no credit issued, fo that the books of the Coun
t." Oerk'« office inny he corrected and the rec
ords cf tho said office ftralghtencd out.
Recommendation is made that a new
Fchr-dule of fees to be paid in probate
eaecg be adopted. The report goes on:
During cur investigation we have found that
important books have been removed from the
County Clerk's office to the residence of some
Tnrlcye, who was granted the opportunity — at
l*a?t so it »8J averred — to tin his part of the
work in the nlpht time instead of the day. and
to do that work r.y proxy. A stringent rule
should he mad" whereby no book or luiper ar>
r*rtaininif to the <"ounty Clerk should be re
moved from his office without an order of court.
We find the department of the Superior
Courts ffianafH in sn efficient way and all th»
benches orruj'i«"d by Judge* performing their
tlutles in a conscientious and fafthful manner.
hI^\P AT POIJCK COURTS.
¦W> r*gr«t. however, that we find room for
!mpro\frr.FP« In the management of the Police
cmmi-. Too murh leniency la Fhown olTondors
mr"! there is too much tendency to question the
¦validity of laws in these courts. ,
In the year 1S«2. when the population of San
Fr«n»i«rr. was Z34.O0Q, with two Police courts
!n <'i«T8tion, the arrr-fta for the months of
November and I>etember wrre ."S41, a nd for
th" r*>FUlr:n£ convictir.nf" the fines aggregated
flA.471. In 1P*V<. twenty years later, with a
[•"Filiation e>.-fedinc 4<*).ono and four Poiife
• funs in r-prratifin. the arrests for the two
< r-rre:'pondiTi^ months were 5.V2 nnd the re-
FUlting i-onvictlonH produced only $4SL'7 r.0.
Thus with a la^e increase <»f j>f>r.ulaticn and
arrv«ts the «pgrepHte fm>s in l'WZ were Icfs
thRn one-third thof» of ls^^.
The arro»ts f"r battcrj- from January I. 1WX">.
to date have been P06; of thene €93 were dis
m1r«e<j by tlw rouof. Arrests for violation of
baxtery law*; durins the psme prriod of time
have been .T5K, of which cases were di«
miFfeii. Imrir.z the pame time there wer**
r*l srrefts for violation of sanitary laws and
:-'.2 of Una were diEmif-srd. There were 13
copvirtiens and th« Cnes Impoi-ed amounted
to fion.
WANT .TT-I>C;ilS APPOIXTKD.
Ha:— theyo Judces followed the law? Most
*>f It" rrirr.ff- whirh cohir ln>fore them ar*
punif-h«hl« > by law with a fine not exceeding
JTiQO and ' Ftx months' imrriyonment, or both.
Hy ]rtr,Mns over their pmsill numljer of oomir-
I'.r-ns we found to our HStonifhment that th»
fineji T-.-?ii. h wrre Imposed on the rulprits were
Iteaermny ?- ••». $5 or $!<> — rarely exceeding
t^os*- amounts.
We earn'stly recommend that a oonptilu
tiorsl amendment be Fubtnitted to the people
><> ihat our Police Jud*e« may be 8rr°inted in
*'<%* of alerted \.y the people, thereby rrmov
irjr the r>ffi<-e from political influence. W> cije
pest their Hiipr.intmeni by the twe]vp Superior
.Mideff in <• njanctioa with the Mayor and t-»
hoM o'firt- \,yr a longer r^'iod than at present.
•with KTn-ji ftt offi<-» expiring not- all at the
varne !!:ni>; jils-f. «hat « more adequate salary
be attached to the offW.
LABOIl TIIOLIILKS.
This *ury views with anslety and alarm thr
action fn-qupritly tr.V.'n ly wrae persons in
ir«mii1atir:s and otberwtM Interfering with
Jal»irrr!< who may not l<>long to certain or
ganization*. Thfi<«» i<»M-*-'in« in rome InFtances
eather iu larpr numkrf b' f r>r<- business noting.
l)l<«-kln»r th* Mr#w>ts and - . ;• v. .. Ik-, inft-fcring
wftli trafft'- and travrl and damaging the
twln^y* of enmmercial Iiouk-x which may havp
inrurr*-il their diFpleawur*. We have brought
thi* mutter bntora the attention of th<» Chief
of VoUrf. and again tho name Hfsortlon was
mad* that it doos n<i good to arrr-M thfse of
'.rntirr*. as th«« Po!ir» Juiigr-n invariably «c
tiuft th«*m «-,r l«-av th»»m iff nn a nominal fine.
Now. tills lc not right. As wp dr*ir«» that
ciur city should |imn»r, that p*ace and happi
n»h« prevail »m<>ng us. »<• must f-w to It that
every American ritir.fn may Ix- at liberty to
v.>n-k whrn. whTe and lor whom he plcasr-s
without Mng fnterfrrod with by labor mobs
nr Bgitatorf. \Vhil»» rot desiring to inter/ore
iii «ny way. Fh»i>e <r fnrm with lalwir organi
zation* or oih*>r tn!«titiitionf>. which. when
imUMalj handle fray Ik- l«rn«>f!.-|iil to the
l 'Wf'Tl I J. J«nd to nur honost mwhanlrs. we do
ii "Ft ctrnfftly InFiKt that law and order must
prevail in ""r fair city, and all attempts to
Istcsfcn ni'h tho rights Hiid privOeceg of any
roan muta iyc prom])tly stopped and teverely
liurilKh^d.
We mrwt rarn-stly rrquest hi K Honor the
Major to *upprr*« the** llleg«l domonstra
tinr!!- and to require the I'ollce Judges to pcr
•f.Trn th"ir fwnrn duties.
Tho Grand Jury recommrnds that
firemen bo granted four days' vacation
in each month and commends the de
partment for its efficiency.
necommendation is made that th«*
!>«>Iicr force be increased, the Grand
Jury finding that the department has
1 . n condurted in an efficient manner.
I The Grand Jury commends the Civil
fkrviee Commission for its work in i
hodinic but* reflects on
abjsos regarding: the temporary ap
pofitinent of city employes as follows: j
Ot*:n fcbutca hare come to ' our nuticc In j
The witness had first entered Duns
muir's employ as an errand boy. In
September, 1901, he saw Edna Wal
lace Hopper and Judge Coyne at San
Leandro and he said they had asked
him to be a witness for their side. On
the following day he had written to
Mrs. Hopper telling her he could not
testify to the unsoundness of Mr.
Dunsmuir. He declared he received
no more than his J75 per month sal
ary from the Dunsmuir company.
VICTORIA* B. C, Dec. 29. — Ed
ward Brock of Oakland, weigher for
R. Dunsmulr & Co., formerly bellboy
at the Grand Hotel, San Francisco,
gave evidence in> the Hopper-Duns
muir will'case this morning that Alex
ander Dunsmuir had always acted ra
tionally and intelligently so far as he
knew. He said he made frequent vis
its to San Leandro and remained there
at times for a week*
In cross examination he said he had
gone to visit Alexander Dunsmuir at
his office at different times and before
he starte'd to work for R. Dunsmuir
& Co. Alexander Dunsmuir had told
the witness not to speak to him at
the office for fear the other clerks
would think he was too familiar.
While engaged as bellboy at the
Grand Hotel he had carried on an
average of one to three cocktails each
day to Alexander Dunsmuir's apart
ments. Dunsmuir's habit was to get
some buttermilk and oysters in the
evening and witness never 'saw any
liquor other than a bottle of ale.
Statement Is Made by • the
Witness Tnat He Was Ask- (
ed to Testify for Plaintiff
DENIAL OF INTEMPERANCE
Having carefully investigated, the matter,
we find that the building of side tracks or
spurs to warehouses Is simply an advance In
progress, and that while steam cars have
superseded teams and ox wagons, electric cars
have taken the place of horse cars, so It must
inevitably follow, as a matter of progression,
that goods chould be carried or ewltcheil direct
from depots of rail lines into warehouses
therein saving cost or teaming and time as
well, and as all expenses incidental to puch
handling are borne by consumers, we think
that the greatest amount of good to the larg
est number Is made manifest by switching
cars containing goods direct to warehouse,
thereby eavlng cost of extra handling, and we
therefore recommend that the Board of Su
pervisors of the city and county of San Fran
cisco do all they possibly can to encourage
spur tracks and rail connections between
depots and business houses. as well as ware
houses where it is found practicable.
The Grand Jury also praises the ad
ministration of Auditor Harry Baehr.
District Attorney Byingttfn. Sheriff
Lackmann, the Board of Works -and
other departments of the city govern
ment. In its report on the Board of
Supervisors it says, regarding spur
tracks:
COM3IEXDS SOME OFFICIALS.
This practice has grown up — notably in the
Board of Public Works and Department of
Electricity, of selecting temporary appointees,
putting tlipm to work, and after they have
bt-en «n']>loye.\ for two or three weeks, notify
ing ihe Civil Service Commission that /«uch ap
pointments have been made and asking their
approval of the eame. It will be observed
from an examination of the section of the
charter above quoted that the approval of the
commission is a necessary condition precedent
to the validity of these appointments, and that
without euch approval no salary can legally be
UrJiwn by any person so appointed.
In view of the recent scandalous develop
ment before the jury in connection with the
Couiity Clerk's office, we recommend that our
representatives in the State Legislature, at Its
next s-i-fhion. urge the submiwion to the people
of an amendment to section SVi of article 11
of the State constitution, whereby the l?ouhty
Clerk's olfice and other county offices be made
subject to the civil service provisions of the
charter. ,
PRAISE FOR TAX COLLECTOR.
V,f Investigated the affairs of Tax Collector
Edward J. tmith 1 * ofHca dnd the license de
partment of the Tax Collector's office, and ex
amined the books of account and find that
there h=s been paid to the Tax Collector for
taxes for the fiscal year 1903 the sum of $4 -
366.178 51. We find that o lhis is the largest
collection of iaxes on the first Installment
that has ever been received In the history cf
the office. The receipts of the license depart
ment have also been exceptionally large, owins
to the fact that extra endeavors have been put
forth to compel people to pay their licenses
•r, \* furthcr nme that «he Tax Collector has
™f, a , ere .1 l ""P rov «mens In the manner of
conducting the affairs of the office. In farmer
years taxpayers were compelled to stand in line
tor hours wafting for an opportunity to pay
t!£7y Sna'ted!' 1 ' 8 tr ° Ub ' e *" ™" n en "
connpction nith the making of so-called tem
porary appointments'. Section 10, article 13, of
the charter provides: "To prevent the stop
page ol public business cr to meet extraordi
nary exigencies, ihe head of any department
or office may, with the approval of the com
misi-ionerp, make temporary appointments, to
remain in fone not exceeding: sixty days, and
only until regular appointments under the pro
vifiens of this article can be made."
Former Bellboy Testifies at Vic
toria That Alexander Duns
muir Always Acted Rationally
Report That County Clerk's Office Is Conducted in Crim
inal Manner — Defect in Law Prevents Proposed Indict
ment of Money Lender Who Shaved Salary Warrants
SAIS HE SAW
FEW COCKTAILS
GRAND JURORS CENSURE
MAHONY ADMINISTRATION
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, DECEMBER 30; 1903.
5
OFFICE
Attention Is Invited to Our Extensive Line of
Standard Desks
In Mahogany, Weathered Oak, Fumed Oak, Golden Oak.
Tables, Chairs, BooKcases *ls?^
Handsomely Finished* Massive and Durable*
Largest Selection on This Coast of
Oriental and Domestic Rugs
In all sizes. , , '
Exclusive Agents for GREENWICH (English) and
RIXDORFER (German) INLAID LINOLEUMS.
W. & J. SLOANE & CO.
Carpets- Furniture-Draperies
114 to 122 POST STREET.
ADVEETISE3CENTS.
CLEARANCE SALE!
PER GENT DISCOUNT
FROM REGULAR PRICES
Framed Pictures
1 Candelabra, Shades
Burnt Wood Leather Novelties
. A SPLENDID OPPORTUNITY TO OBTAXW SOMETHING
GOOD AT LITTLE COST
GALLAGHER BROS., 27 SvT T
THE EMPQBIT7M.
THE EMPORIUM.
THE EMPORIUM.
ADVESTLSEMENTS.
| Silk Remnants I 1$^^ t "dr£t%7$.D. I • Dress Goods ]
jf One-Quarter Off ,. a^^q r7^ Remnants l A Off j
Jt Hundreds Ot Short lengths Of this ' jy? S^ f X * " A farther reduction of 25 per cent frdm j
* Season's best black, colored and 0 /J^JPf // H / tf//^(^TjJIJfff the already reduced remnant prices, on \
£ fancy silks, on special sa'e to close out before M M Q*>^\~/ H 3&TIS i/fi^W^J^ some very choice dress, wa:s: and other shore -,
«f inventory at one-quarter off the already C * LIFOR "'*' S ' utR^' A m m « Icn S ths - T he a » ortmcnt "dudes twecdt, \
& reduced remnant prices. .j^^g^^SEua*- AMERICA . S grandest store serges, chsviots. black goods, etc. .
i Annual Clearance Sale Suits, Coats, Skirts, Waists ]
% Coat Bargains v d^S^^^ Skirt Bargains \
J" $11.50 Kersey Costs-All ntn lhedj reduced to. . .$4*95 l^ S §K3l f8. 50 Walkbg Skirts— In light and medium gray?, nn ',
t? „ , I c , ,, _ ,, 1 "SLjV t TsfJ P cued and tailor stitchsd: sale price «)«7j(/1/ „'
* Jl 3.95 to $18.50 Short Ke:sty Coats, black, tan, etc., ***% Ar I*
Z all silk lin-sd; now reducri to' &i$m2s5 /fi!»SS§fa| f£3L 50 Walking Skirts—In dark matnrei, *rren gore ',
2: $21.50 to J25. co Short Kersey Coats.brautifully made, <& - o g- n F&^M&k. /U*^^ ' fl*«, hip» and front self strapped; «a!e price . . . . v?O*S£> 1
9> silk-lined garments; naw reciucrd to %f}m 4mmijf %3 Bi>&' M. / J^>^tf^\ All- Wool Walking Skirts — About 200, se\;n ***% f O *
JC S3 3. 50 to 54;. co Long Ccats of Krrsey ctoth and dark all wool mixed k 11 pfn $K I /P^ j gore flare, jn Oxfords and stripes; sale prce . . . . "<
f eftVcts, stylish up-to-aat: garments; now only. . -^-y R gm £\ 1^0% S^af / S > uL^ > ft {8.50 Walking Skirts— In checks and mixtures, 7-gore -**»-»—. ]
*' Suit Bargains t Wu * 2I- 5 ° Dr:ss skirti ~ Min ? ot the P retriest *y^*°f *&* <*99 csn '<
it • g§£ Tf J ?> S\*\ \ season represented, mostly in ecamines; now . . . . {91 *fp(/ «
K f 1 7» 5° Box Coat Walking Suits — St/Jhh chev'ots and 4* » S/l fiT ?* 1 if \ \ \ '
jK mixtures; silk lined coats, un ined skirts; now. . . mPfmfjttJf (n $p **? Ifl \ \ V WatSt Bargains
» $35.00 and 537.50 Zibe'ine Suits— Silk lined coats, unlined skirts, only P •& *r --*tv r % \ '
£ a few of thrss handsome suits remaining, now rc-^ # - — n [, If d, V^S^ft I !¦ ? \j 95c to Ja.oa Wash Waists— A large ajsortment '.hat has been sajhtly -
J> duced to cose to . .• %&17mZtU J\ J$? soUed in counter and window display, now. . G5O »ad -- <
Jk? ?47- 50 Long Coat Z'beFn: Suits — Som: of the handsomest garments J£[ ?& &\<K^lyVj I \ H:Il "
k brcught out fjr winter, 1903, now reduced to. . — n /i$h j? - xT\ fll\W / WY1 and 3 .co Heavy Cotton Waists—Striped Madras, f ]
J ¦ % ;'«'* $&2£%3mm3%P \Jw <*L' Wvs^yll I 1 \\A a Pongenttte, etc., regular winter garments, now each . i^ffUv ;
*C $90.00 and J100.00 Xong Coat Suits— Made of rich black Kersey fi^h \jj^^"^ f I V M \ A line of Sampe Waists, slightly soiled in counter display during the j
J» cloth and neatly trimmed; now reduced to . . . .-» — .-¦—-»• V^^WJ^ J^M f I 1 Li V 3 Christmas selUng, marked rcgu'arly $1.15 to $5.50, now at ]
i $57.50 one-third off todese.
1 Handkerchiefs Half Price I Neckwear Half Price
».* A large number of mussed handkerchief* that were used in the winW and for decoatng A number of small lots of holiday neckwear and pieces that have been mussed in window ,
{» purposes (a trifle soiled and mu:s-d but otherwise uninjured) ranging in price from ice t> 50c disp'ays, including ruches, capes, stocks, creps tie* and silk and chiffon overcoliars, of which the j
J. each, now in special f ale to close a' ttalfoff* regular prices are from 25c to $10. co each, on special sals now to close at halt prlCOm \
* 1 mmmmmmmmmt0mmmmmmmmmmm^^mmmmmmmmmm^mmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmtmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmwmtmmmmmmmmmmmmtmmmmmmmm M^^"^ —^ **^™^^ M "^^]P^^™^"^"''^^ M ,
% i^l ' Pre 'Inventory Sate Special Sale £Hlll h^^j \_^^3gp^v ¦
I w /Mk Bronzes? Leather ji^H^Sli l^^^^m)
X ; Bisques, Etc. Goods
\ /-^1^%Wl One-Third Off To-Day Only i
** / Choice of our entire large assortment. of ** ** fcf W^^^^^^^^ '
*' bronze figurcs and busts ' tcrracotta fi g urcs and Automobile Bags— R=d saffim. hand- ! <
& \ IPnat busts, bisque figures and busts, at a third of f 6omcly finished, worth regularly |p; v\ : v,*^ • fiv^^^^y/^' 1^ ¦
K TlVS regular prices. These are handsome goods 5 2. 00, Wednesday only, $f a 35 1 '
*' )£&&& Lfi^ ° f thC m ° St aUraCiiVC dc3 'g nS « ran E in g 5n P" CC AutOmobllC BagS — R=d S.ffian, gilt «"uine a.ligator an. genuine Morocco, we.l '
/Vjli§^ <$AJ&. fr ° m *>OC UP to $50*00, and very t -, am . and c han handle, handwmeTy fin- leather finished:
g. / fd$3%fa <Wn%fe reasonably 'priced they were at thise ' figurej. It is an ished, $2. 50 and S5.00 va ; ufs, Wednesday 25c and 35c pocket books, to-day . 18(5 ',
j^- V^ijnjy^sfsL ¦ Wn.TiT opportunity that rarely presrnts itself to purchase goods of O n!y $1*8S 50c pocket books, to-day . 28O -
jf *ir 1 ' 111 ' 11 " 1^ this high character at such very low prices. . , . ,. _ o j cc 1 .l ' 7> c pecket books, to-dav . 39(3 '
»; ' L— Avtomobilc BajS— R:d saffim. leather s .. pc<: . i; boc|u> „.„; 43o .
i Groceries and Liuuors !£S2!S^&flwS5 lm^\ «* ttrg^f "t :
* *••» %0H*%*m •*»ia»' •«¦»»« Umtm^gm^i *&tt «7 . . » » - »¦> 3 . meo s, beautiJuliv finished, k d lined, assorted ,
I Besi Only, at Department S(ire Prices comDta.ionC.rdCa* and mm ""^'^^^""1^"" \
Si Cape Cod Cranberries — Quart.... 15c American Club Whisky — Wednesday ' — Or seal gra:n, walrus grain, genuine seal, • 50c and 60c styles for . . . 28o
K Imported Swiss Cheese, Kmanthal— " n<1 JJ"' rs ? av - "' ¦ ¦ ¦ •*- - • • • - • * a - 00
» Wednesday and Thursday, only. OM^ Champion WhW-^edne^y mm-mm- 7T B
i K^-s^B^Ha^« Milltnery GBe&r&svGe
H 35c lb., Wednesday and Thursday.28o Keller, etc.— For the 2 days. gal.$3.15 _ . _ . .. , __ __
fc* Nabisco Wafers — Champagne, all flav- Port or Sherry— Good ordinary quality. PriC&S Clit XO LOSS Than Half
-?• ors, or Athena, for two days. tin. 84c bottle 25c
jl» Heinz or Atmore's Mince Meat — For Extra Port or Sherry, pal $1.00 All trimmed and ready-to-wear hats in our millinery department must be
1? the two days, lb 13c Imported Port or Sherry, bottle .$1.00 ,. , ,• ¦,»» , , j j - -
i Good Cluster Baisins— 4-Crown. Ib.l5c National Club— Silverdell or McBrayer disposed of at once. We have made unprecedented cuts ra pricei.
»? Maple Sugar — Welch Bros., 1 lb. Whisky, Wednesday and Thursday,
J brick 20o bottle 89c Jb 00, J7.00 and $7.50 tr.mmed hit?, now $3mOO
l> Black Tlgn — New . Mission Figs, 3 Keisllng- or Sauterne — Extra, 7 years j 8.00, • 9.50, Ju. 00 trimmed hit', now . . $4£ a SO
i H^zAppieBut^r; or Mince- Meat- Ex£a. K al V.V.V.V.V.-'VsS \ ,0, 5,5.00 trimmed hat3, row $ G .5O
i 'SSS^^SSSS^^^iSl nS^Ua^^pufa^Ti^^ed^: Your choice 0! any Model Hat in the department -That &f@ gjf%
$ tin, 25c; dozen 92.75 day and Thursday, bottle 91.45 werr form ry S20.00, $25.00 ar.d 530.00, now for " *" m ** **
THE EMPOBTCTUtPocketbooks, wrist bags, letter . and
card cases, bill books, cigar cases and
manicure sets. Fine things for -New
Year's. Sanborn. Vail & Co.. ' ••
Embassador Dnraml Gives Reception.
WASHINGTON,. Dec. 2?.— The Brit
ish Embassy was thrown Open for the
first time in many months to-day,
when Embassador Durand gave his
formal reception to the. diplomatic
corps." "> ¦
MANILA, Dec. 29.— The Supreme
Court has confirmed the sentence of
death imposed upon four natives who
killed three marines in September,
1902. ' , . . • ' ¦
Tour Filipinos to Be Hanged.
Oflicers Spirit Their Prisoners Away.
COUNCIL BLUFFS. Iowa, Dec. 29.
-r—Neely Zimmerman" and . George
Burk, the negroes who last night nar
rowly escaped lynching at the hands
of an infuriated mob, were taken to
night to the State penitentiary" at Fort
Madison, Iowa, for safe keeping. Dur
ing the afternoon the men were taken
before Judge J Wheeler and waived
preliminary- examination. The. Judge
tltfert signed an order for their removal
arid "the* men were hastily spirited
away to' Fort Madison.
WASHINGTON. Dec. 29. — Senator
Scott of West Virginia to-ni^rht denied
as absolutely without basis reports
that the chairmanship of the executive
committee of the National Republican
Committee had been Tendered to him
by the President and had been' de
clined by him.
Scott Denies Chairmanship Story.
LINCOLN, Neb., Dec. 20.— A' re
port circulated in Lincoln this after
noon that cases of . leprosy had been
discovered in the Russian colony of the
city is declared by the authorities to
be without foundation. . ', : -
IiCprosy Scare Proves Groundless.
SEATTLE, Wash., Dec. 29. — Found
in a leaking condition, the schooner
Volante has been forc t ed to put into
Kayak in distress. This word was re
ceived yesterday in a te.legram to the
local office from Captain McFee. Ac
cording to the information received
the Volante had a cargo of 200 tons of
copper ore from the Gladaugh mine
at Ellmer for the Tacoma smelter.
Upon reaching Kayak. .Captain Mc-
Fee called for a survey and i£ was dis
covered that it %yould not be safe to
put to sea' again' until repairs were
made to the vessel.
and Is There Found Unfit to
Go to Sea.
Schooner Volante Puts Into Kayak
COPPER-LADEX SHIP
MAKES HASTE TO PORT
WASHINGTON, Dec. 29. — The
Comptroller of the Treasury has ren
dered an adverse decision on the claim
of W. H. Miller, chief clerk, Medical
Supply Department, San Francisco, for
his salary during the investigation of
charges against him for collusion. with
firms in that city, altering figures in
proposed hids, etc. Miller was sus
pended from duty during the investi
gation, which is still in progress. The
Comptroller holds that as an employe
of the Government" he 'is 'not entitled
to compensation during suspension".
Comptroller of Treasury Decides He Is
Xot Entitled to Compensation Dur
ing Term of Suspension.
CHIEF DRUG CLERK MFLLER
MUST GO WITHOUT SALARY
Severn I Minor Changes Arc Made in
the Postal Service and More Pat
ents Issued to Inventors. '
WASHINGTON, Dec. 20. — Fourth-class post
masters appointed: California — Poplar, Tu
laro County, Eri.! .A. May, vice M. M. Dale rf
resigned; SJ.*ce*s, . Tulare County, H. C. Witt,
vice Vivian B. Witt, resinned.
Fourth-class postmasters commissioned:
California, Korean. George *5urtscher; Oregon
— Parki ra, Willis M. Powell.
The name of the pestofflce at Walters, Riv
eral'le County, Cal., has been changed to
Mecca. • .
The rirst National Bank of San Francisco
liap been made reserve agent for the First Na
tional ltank of San Pedro.
John H. Orr lias been appointed rural car
rier, and John W. Watklns subcarrier, at Por
terville, Cal.
.. The following patents Were issued to-day:
California — John H. By^rs, San Francisco,
flushing apparatus: Oscar E. Cheesebrpugh,
Anaheim, wood splitting machine: Winfleld
Curtis, Sacramento, assignor one-half to F. F.
May, San Francisco, windmill; J/>hn H. Davis,
Oakland. oil burner: HerbeVt J. Doll,.
Pan Francieco, safety gas cock; Edward
¦Double, Los Anseles, under reamer; Evan A.
Edwards, assignor two-thirds to R. H. and F.
I. Hnrtoni Lrfm Angeles, oil burner: George
Klein. San Francisco, ¦ convertible knapsack,
hammock and sleeping bag; l.i'ils E. Larrl
more, Los Angeles, bib and head rest for
shampooing; David G. " McClay, Santa Ana.
mail bag: Phillip V. Mighels, Oakland, and C.
Zfllls, Berkeley, musical top; Samuel B. Mon-
Eoon. Kan Francisco, assignor one-third to J.
H. Cadosan, Oakland, indoor game; Thomas
J. Moorish. San Francisco, harness saddle:
Frederick Neumann, Los Angeles, shade and
curtain holder: Herbert C. Parker, assignor to
Hlpoltte Screen and Sash Company, Los An
preleF, device for measuring openings: , Fred P.
Rabin.. Colma, display holder for ladles' hats;
William ' Rlckards, Loo Angeles, electric heat
ing pad; Elfego Rlveroll.' Los Angeles, smelt
ing furnace; Ferd A. Smith, Los Angeles,
atomizer; Paul J. Stuparich, assignor to Stu
parich Manufacturing tompany, San Francis
co, manufacturing photographic mounts; Isaac
G, Waterman, Santa Barbara, electric switch.
' Washington — John P. Knuehmonn, Sumas,
paint brush. • .
Or IXTKRKST TO FEOPLE
OF THIS PACIFIC COAST
Folioe Commi*«iouer Greene Ivcmkii*.
NEW YORK. E>e<\ L':«. — police «.;om
mlssioner Greene to-dn.y sent his res
ignation to Mayor Low, to tr»ko ef
fect December 31 or January 1. The
Commissioner announced that he had
received the resignations of Deputy
Commissioners Ebstein. Piper and D.i
viB. A set of engrossed resolutions
Figned by every Inspector and captain
in the department except one inspec
tor, who is ill, v.as presented to Com-
the preliminary to further negotia
tions.
"It is understood that General Hub
bard's Clover Leaf shares were sold at.
50 and "0 for the preferred and" common
respectively. Thfc' general -'Stipulated
that outside holders who wished to sell
should receive the same price from
Hawley and Gates."
Leeds also was continued as head
of the operating company, being re
elected president by the board of di
rectors of the Chicago, Rock Island
nnd Pacific Railroad Company earlier
in the day.
All the i old officers of the Chicago,
Rock Island and Pacific were re
elected except third vice president, in
which position B. L. Winchell suc
ceeds J. M. Johnson.
The complete list follows: W. B.
Leeds, president; D. G. Reid, chair
man board; Charles H. Warren, first
vice president; Robert Mather, second
vice president; B. L. Winchell. third
vice president; John F.' Stevens,
fourth vice president; George H. Cros
by, secretary-treasurer.
Oscar G. Murray, first vicfe president
of the Baltimore and Ohio Railroad
Company, v.as to-day elected presi
dent of the company, to succeed L. F.
Loree. who resigned* to -accept the
presidency of the Rock. Island Com
pany. At the s'pecial meeting .of the
Baltimore and Ohio directors here, at
which Loree's resignation was ac
cepted and Murray elected president,
the selection of a successor to Mur
ray as first vice president was de
ferred to a later date.
NEW YORK. Dec. 29. — L. F. Loree,
late president of the Baltimore and
Ohio, was to-d;iy elected president of
the Rock Island Company of New Jer
sey, the holding company controlling
the various railroads in the Rock Isl
and system. The election took plaee
at a soeciiil meeting of the directors,
at which W. B. Leeds presented his
resignntion and was chosen chairman
of the boar;d of directors, a position
hitherto unfilled.
Osenr G. -Murray. Succeeds Him As
Baltimore and Ohio President. "
HOCK ISLAND KLECTS LOHEE.
3! Hit la Colonel Frees Glover.
CRIPPLE CHEEK. Colo.. Dec. 29.
Congressman John M. Glover, who
was wounded in the arm and after
ward placed in jail by the military
yesterday, was to-da:/ released by or
der of Colonel Verdeekberg. His
wound is not a serious one, no bones
being broken.
Mus*. Hans for Murder of Husband.
DKNNINGTON. Vt. t Dec. 29. — Mrs.
Mary A. Rogers, convicted of the mur
der of her husband. Marcus H. Rog
ers, was sentenced to-day to be hang
ed the first Friday In February. 1903.
LeonPerham, the self-confessed, ac
complice of Mrs. Rogers, was sen
tenced to life mprir.onment.
Submits to Surgical Operation.
CANTON. Ohio. Dec. 29. — Mrs. Day,
wife of Justice of the Supreme Court
William R. Day, submitted to an op
eration for tumor at her home to-day,
she r/;me out of the anesthetic in ex
cellent condition and with every pros
pect of complete recovery-
AUBURN, N. Y., Dec. 29.— Frank
White, a negro, was put to death in
the electric chair at the State Prison
here to-day for the murder of George
Clare, a farmer of Serlba, by shooting.
Six contacts, each of 1740 volts 7V 2 am
peres, were applied before White was
pronounced dead. After the fourth
contact a strange gurgling in .his throat
made the physicians step back and
horrified the spectators. The contact
was quickly repeated, but still the
stethoscope recorded cardiac action,
and two more contacts were given.
During the second contact the head
electrodes flashed brilliantly and' there
was an odor, of burning hair. The exe
cutioner said it was the sponge be
neath the electrode. He adjusted it
-more tightly before the next shock.
- Among those who made a test with
the stethoscope was Dr. U. B. Stein
of Buffalo, and he reported that the
heart had not ceased to beat. When he
had resumed his scat in the front row
and", the fifth contact was turned on.
Stein suddenly pitched forward and
fell to the floor in a swoon.
State Electrician Davis, in charge of
the execution, explained- the gurgling
in White's throat by raying that he
held his breath for a few moments
after tho first contact and it was sim
ply the air escaping from his lungs.
He declared that White was practically
dead after the first contact.
White was about 25 years of age. He
had worked for Clare ai.d murdered
him for his money.
"WHEATON. Minn.. Dec. 29. — A lane part
of this town was destroyed by flre to-day.
I>?.*3. $100,000. .
WASHINGTON, Dec. 23.— Minister
Lyon has reported to the State Depart
ment from Monrovia/ Liberia, under
date of November 4 last, the details
of the "massacre in the depths of an
African forest of a white missionary
named John T. Tate and all of his fol
lowers, eighteen in number. It appears
that the. massacre took place March
15, 1D01, yet this, the first. detailed ac
count, has just come to hand in an
affidavit by Mrs. Mary L. Allen, a white
missionary, at Nouna Kroo", Liberia.
She had the story from Feme of the
native Doo tribesmen, who knew of the
killing.
Tate had a large mission and farm,
and besides he maintained a consider
able school in the jungle. Altogether
nineteen people were in the mlssipn
when It was surrounded in the night
by-the tribesmen. The first man who
answered a knock at the door was shot.
The interpreter next was shot and as
Tate appeared and tried to protect the
body of the interpreter he, too, was
shot ar.d'rut to pieces. The Doos then
killed all the remaining inmates of the
house, cut off their hands and, placing
the bloodv members ma coffin, sent
them back to their people as trophies.
In explanation of their action the Doos
said: .
•'We have no fight with the white
man. .But* if we do not kill him now
he will bring his country to make war
upon us."
Minister Lyon, on the strength of
this affidavit, communicated with the
Llberian Secretary of State with a view
to securing fuller information and per
haps the punishment of the perpetra
tors of the massacre.
White .Missionary and Eigh
teen of His Followers Arc
Massacred bv Band of Dobs
Frank "White Is Electrocuted
at Auburn Penitentiary for
the Murder of His Employer
NF,W YORK. Dec. 29. — Dr. J. M.
Otto ii as found unconscious early to
day en the sidewalk at Fifth avenue
and Thirty-sixth street. The back of
his skull had bJen crushed and he
died s.cm afterward. To all appear
ances tne doctor was the victim of a
highwayman, who had been frighten
ed off before he had time to search
the dying man's pockets.
Highwayman Killa a Physician.
NEGRO SUFFERS
DEATH PENALTY
DIE AT HANDS
OF TRIBESMEN
Rapid Reporting by a Stenographer.
CINCINNATI. Dec. 29. — At the Na
tional shorthand teachers* convention
here to-day an exhibition of rapid re
porting upon a blackboard was given
by Fred Ireland, official stenographer
of the House of Representatives at
Washington. Ireland wrote from dic
tation at the rate of 233 words per
minute and read the matter without
an error in less than fifty seconds.
THREE RAILROAD MEN WHO ARE FORMING A. MERGER OF FIVE
WESTERN LINES. FROM LEFT TO RIGHT THE PORTRAITS ARE
THOSE OF EDWIN HAWLEY, JOHN \V. GATES AND E. H. HARRIMAN.
Testimony Given Rcroro Grand Jury
Showing That Member of Educa
tional Board .Solicited Bribe.
KANSAS CITY. Dec. 29. — Before
the Grand Jury, sitting at Kansas
City. Kans., Frank Colvin, principal
of the Grayston Heights School, is
said to have testified that money was
demanded Irorn him for his reap
pointment. It is said that he told the
jury that' a member of the Board of
Education solicited -a bribe from him.
He had, hepald. refused to be held up
Q and told n. 'member of the board that
he would give up his position before
he wouid have it said that he had
purchased it.
Another witness. John Schaich, an
attorney, whose sister is a teacher,
told the. jury that through ;i third
person a member of the board had de
manded a sum of money for Cjle re
appointment of his sister.
KANSAS . CITY. SCHOOLS
INVOLVED IX A SCANDAL
OTTAWA. Ontario, Dec. 23.— The
building of a Canadian armored cruiser
for the Great Lakes has caused com
ment on the treaty supposed to restrict
such a movement. Under Secretary of
<?tate Pope points out that no treaty
oxists between Great Britain and the
United States limiting the number and
armament of vessels to be maintained
by the United States and Canada on
the Great Lakes. There is an agree
ment to cease placing them there after
six months' notice by either country.
Pope doubts if it is binding.
WASHINGTON. Dec. 29.— The State
Department has not been informed up
to this moment that the Canadian Gov
ernment contemplates placing an ar
mored cruiser or. the lnlces. in addition
to the few pmall and insignificant naval
vessels now maintained there. Recent
ly the Canadian Government laid'dmvn
-a coup'e of revenue cutters for lake
Fer»1ce. ar.d although these, being of
mo<5*Tn type, were better vessels than
those heretofore «>:nplr:yed for this
¦work. ' their construction was not re
garded here as violating the treaty. It
appears that a United States naval of
ficer visited th»» placf where th«^ vessels
«-«">«» being built ar.d examined the
construction, a fact that gave rise to
po-nie feeling on the part of the officials
when they learned of the visit.
As po«-'n as Congress reconvenes after
the holiday recess there will be a re
newa!. without doubt, of the attempt
which has b^en made annually for the
last ten years to secure a repeal or
modification of that section of the
Rush treaty between the United States
end Groat Britain that limits the use
of naval vessels on the lakes. Repre
sentative Wiliiam Alden Smith of
Michigan, believing that the Canadian
Government is about to enter a formal
protest asrairst the location of the
•-'¦oposed United States naval training
Station on the Great Lakes, is prepared
to renew with Borce the attack upi'n the
Rush treaty, holding that it has had a
paralyzing ar.d disastrous effect upon
the important ph'.pbuildmg industries
cf the? <"Jreat L-Jkes. as otherwise they
would be in p^rition not only to supply
the ms^lvps su(h naval versels u micht
be needed for training purposes on the
lakes, but also to enter intrt competi
tion with the deep »?ea shipbv/ders for
larger naval construct for..
Now it is reported that the agents of
the Western Pacific, acting for Bart
nett in his absence, have been making
overtures to Yard, the basis of which,
it is said, is a prpposition for a trans
fer of his interests along the Feather
River to a point near Oroville or a
joint agreement whereby the Western
Pacific can use about sixty miles of the
Butte and Plumas rcadv.ay in order to
make connections with Chico, Marys
ville and other points on the proposed
route of the road to San Francisco.
Bartnett is expected back in this city
in about two weeks and it is said that
he will then take up these propositions
with Yard and definitely decide what
course will be taken by his -road in
Northern California.
A few days after this trip had been
made the surveying parties of the
Western Pacific, which had been called
in for the winter, were suddenly or
dered out again and arrangements
irade at Chico. Susnnville and other
points for providing the men with pro
visions for the balance of the winter.
Those men are now working along Deer
Creek Canyon, a fact which is accepted
as an indication that a change in the;
plans of the Western Pacific has been
made in so far as an outlet from the
State is concerned.
When this party arrived at the va
rious towns the people who had learned
to regard the Western Pacific and
Butto and Plumas roads as rivals were
surprised to discover H. H. Yard at the
bead of the party that was supposed
to be distinctively a Bartnett repre
sentation. Yard and Chief Engineer
Dillman of the Western Pacific made a
tour of the entire length of the Feather
River through which the two lines are
expected to extend and finally arrived
at Susanville, where they held a long
conference.
The first intimation that those ivho
have been watching the movements of
th«» two companies received of any pos
sible combination between Bartnett
and Yard was about two weeks ago.
Several weeks ago TTartnett left for the.
Kast and Bhortly after a hurried sum
mons startec] Yard off in the same di
rection. Whether th*» two men met in
Nov.' York or elsewhere in the East is
not known, but this much is: that
Yard returned three weeks ago as sud
denly as he left. Two days after his
return messages were sent north ±o
hotel men along the lines of the two
roads that a party of Western Pacific
men were bound .north and would need
accommodations for about twelve.
•COXFKItEXCK FOLLOWS.
JL was announced some time ago
that the Western Pacific road would
leave the State by way of the Beckwith
Pass, but hardly had this news been
given out before th? surveyors of the
company were discovered at Susanville.
busily surveying another way out of
the State. When they reached that
town the Yard men were already at
work. At no time has Yard admitted
that his r«ad is any part of a transcon
tinental enterprise, his claim being that
ho is building a local road, with the
timber tracts in Northern California as
its ultimate destination. It is -appar
ent, however, that the Western Pacific
people were inclined to be a bit dubknis
concerning his stated plans, for they
have endeavored in every possible man
ner, to anticipate his movements. *
III'RKIICD EASTERN TRIPS.
Humors of a consolidation of the two
railroad interests which have for over
a year been surveying routes from Oro
ville along the Feather River and over
toward the eastern line of the State
are interesting local railroad circles.
In connection with this rumor comes a
report that Attorney W. J. Bartnett,
representing one, the Western Pacific,
and H. H. Yard, the other, known as
the Butte and Plumas Railroad, are
quietly dickering toward that end.
Yard, behind whom is said to be a
heavily capitalized Philadelphia syn
dicate, was the first to begin opera
lions at Oroville and along the Feather
River nnd had mado much progress in
his mysterious railroad project when
the other equally mysterious enterprise
started Its surveyors at work to find a
suitable outlet for a line of tracks by
way of th<» rivpr. . Both corporations
have been spending money liberally in
the pursuit of their respective objects,
but it has been conceded by practical
railroad builders that the Yard outfit
was making., better headway up
through the State and gaining a route
superior to that of the company that
has been operating parallel with it.
FORT WAYNE, Ind., Dec. 29.—Lim
ited train No. 5. westbound, on the
Pennsylvania"^ Railroad was partly
wrecked to-day in. a rear-end collision
with a freight train near Larwill, west
of here. Baggageman Raisnider was
killed. Engineer Herbert of the lim
ited was pinned under the wreckage of
his engine and badly injured. Fireman
Elmer Stafford of the limited was also
seriously injured. Three porters and
H. C. Suttler of Norfolk, Neb., and I.
G. Betts of Chicago, passengers, were
hurt slightly.
The wreck was due to a mistake by
Engineer Crmvell of the freight in read
ing orders. On account of a bad stretch
of track near where ,tne wreck occur
red the limited was running at a very
moderate rate. Otherwise it would
have been running at a terrific speed,
as it was behind time.
NEWCASTLE. Pa.. Dec. 20.— The
Pittsburg and Lake Erie westbound
midnight passenger train leaving Pitts
burg at 11:30 o'clock last night was
derailed at Newcastle Junction. It is
said the disaster was the work of
wreckers. The train consisted of five
day coaches and two Pullmans and
nearly all left the track, but no one
was' seriously injured. A spike had
been driven into a switch.
CHICAGO. Dec. 20.— The Southern
Pacific and its connections and the
Santa Fe are to advance eastbound
freight rates en January 1 next from
California points. The rate on creen
apples, now $1 per hundred pounds, is
to bo advanced. The $1 25 rate to
Chicago and Jl 50 to New York on de
ci'dious fruits will not be disturbed.
Hay rates ot 75 cents per hundred
pounds to Chicago and $1 to New York
are to be increased; .also the ma
chinery rate of 51 25. the $1 rate on
cattle hrfrns. the $1 30 rate on nut3
and the .7" cent rate on dried antf
pickled fish* •
There is" also to be an advance in
the rates en green and tanned hides,
honey, sea shells, whalebone, wool in
grease and r.coured wool. It is still
undecided whether there will be an
increase In rates on quicksilver, cantrod
and* dried fruits, lumber, wine and
mnttins. coffo and hops.
Special Dispatch to Th» Call
United States Government Not
Advised That New Vessel
Would Be Other Than Cutter
Western Pacific Anxious to
Secure Route of Its Rival
Along the Feather River
Tariffs on Deciduous Fruits
Destined to Chicago and New
York Not to Be Disturbed
Passengers on the Westbound
Limited of the Pennsylvania
Road Barely Escape Death
JANUARY ly THE DATE
CHICAGO, Dec. 29.— The Daily News
tc-day published the following:, "The
formation of a committee to receive de
posits of Chicagb and Alton stock and
the selection of T. P. Shonts for the
presidency of the - Clover Leaf are
merely the initial steps toward the con
solidation of five Western railways. A
big system is in process of organiza
tion. The trunk line will consist of the
Kansas City Southern, the Chicago and
Alton, the Iowa Central, the Clover
Leaf and the Minneapolis and St.
Louis. E. H. Harriman. John W.
Gates and Edwin Hawley are the in
fluential forces in the scheme.
"Gates and Hawley, by the purchase
of General Hubbard's holdings, have
come into complete control of the Clo
ver Leaf. They also are prominent in
the Kansas City Southern and -they
have a large interest in the Alton, Iowa
Central and the Minneapolis and St.
Louis, which are virtually in the con
trol of Harriman.
Harriman, Gates and Hawley, as
well as John J: Mitchell, have depos
ited their Alton holdings with Kuhn;
Loeb & Co., the banking house which
will receive all of these securities, as
BAGGAGE3IAX IS KILLED
REOPENS OLD QUESTION
OVERTURES ALREADY MADE
Building Armored Cruiser for
Service on Great Lakes De
spite Anglo-American Pact
Attorney Bartnett Beported
to Be Dickering With Yard
for Butte and Plumas Boad
Southern Pacific and Santa Fe
Will Increase Schedule on
Shipments From California
Wreckers Derail a Pittsburg
and Lake Erie Express, but
Those on Board Escape Injury
Formation of a Committee to Receive the Chicago and Alton
Stock Is the. First Movement in a General Plan for the
Merging of the Minor: .Lines Intb One Great System
CANADA DEFIES
NAVAL TREATY
TWO RAILWAYS
MAT COMBINE
FREIGHT RATES
TO BE RAISED
SPIKE DRIVEN
INTO A SWITCH
HARRIMAN PLANS THE CONSOLIDATION
OF FIVE RAILROADS IN MIDDLE WEST
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, 'WEDNESDAY, DECEMBER 30, 1903.
6
Bright's Disease and
Diabetes News.
Charles nngrlke also had Brijjhfs Dis-
ease and was so weak he could hardly
Bet around, r.nd he v.as believed to be
beyond medical aid.
Adolph Weske was in such a serious
condition, due to Diabetes, that he could
only find relief at nipht by sleeping with
his hands under the small of his back
to sustain him. s>nd had 1>oen told there
was no cure for the disease.
This is not th* ape of miracles, and
yet all medical works acknowledge the
incurability of BriKhfs Disease and Dia-
betes. Then vhat effected the above?
We will tell you — the Fulton Compounds.
There ar» only two excuses now for fatal
termin-iions in Brlffhfs Disease and
Diabetes, viz.. prejudice or ig-noranee of
the fact*: Nearly nine-tenths of all
cases recover. Write for literature to
the John J. Fulton Co.. 409 Washington
Etreet. San Francisco. Compounds and
pamphlets at all firs?t-cla?s drugpi.vts" in
this city and at the following Interior
druggists': "T
Alatneda. Proper Pa«**<i*na. Ward
Anderson. Edward* fern Kr.blen. Janr.y
Ai.t'it Camp. Goodloe 1'itahimi. Maynar<J
Auburn. McI.auKlihn Red BlufT, Klrenr»
I-'a!> i>flr |i. I5.ii r Uoddlnf:. Red'g Dr Co
Benirla. Trautz ncdlandp. Abbey
E^rkelpy. Pond Rnlwcod City. Walt-h
CsMFtoca. Armstrong Riverside. Gartner
«"hiro. Le<> Sarramento. Willis
Ooverdale. Markell Salinas. Krouph
Colufca. Rcbinhon San Andreas Peters
Oroekett.Oo<-krtt PkCo San Bernardino. Tonne
DaviFvillr. Campbell Ran Dlppo. Htrahlman
Dlnuba. McOackon .Sanger. M»*iser
F.ajrl«?vlllr. Powers Ssui Jow. Fisher & P
Tureka. Kkinner Fan Mateo. <"olp«>
Fresno. G. II. Monrn* Fan Pablo. Solomon
Uraws Vy, l>outzrnhei- Han Rafael, Wolfe
»*r Santa Ana. Halwll
Cilrcy. Johnson • Santa Ilarbara. Ruiz
Oolden Gat*. KHnknfrPanta Clara. Rohinsn
Ilanford. Cousins & If Fanta Cruz, Palmer
HaywardF. Sporndli Safnta-Monlca. llamas*
Hreld^bunr. Evan* fiama Rosa. Newman
HolltstPr. Wapple Sebas=tnpo|, Worth
Honcut. Horton Bfeson, Lep~
Kfm, Kern Drug Co Sonora. Eddy
Uvermnr*. Book 8t. Helena. Rrnwnlee
I»st Anir«"le5. Owl Stockton. Holden
Los Galop. Johns & J Sutter Crw-k. Morrieh
J>r>rnpoc.- Do»n • Truckee, Thomas
Madera, l.u;trrll Tulare. Lapch
Mt-reM. Dixon Tuclamne. Curley
Mill Valley. M V Vg Co T"kiah. Gibson
Modesto. Husband & T ValtPjo, Topley
Monterey. Moore Ventura. Ccrf
Morgan Hill. M If I) Co Vlsalla. Boynton
Mtn Vie-w, Johnsoij Volcano, Clute
Napa, Lovejoy Watson vtlle. Krough •
Nevada City. Vinto Wheatland. Brown
Oakland, Owl Williams. Fouch
Oroville. ' Ekman Winters, Day
Pacific Gro\ - e. Tuttle Wodflland. Shelton
SAN FRANCISCO. Dec. 28, 1002.— The
writer met four persons the streets
th«» pa*t wec-k. who ouRht to interest
t-very physician in the -vorld. They were
Mrs. C. C. Miittiiewson of the | Hotel
Clifton, 502 Po-a-ell street; R. M. Wood,
*<iitor of the Wine and Spirit Review;
Chp.rlcr Kngrlko of the California Demo-
krat and Adolph Wcsk<?. the capitalist
jind mining cr>ciPtor. of 920 Green street.
AH of them wore tveil and actively en-
paged in their various business enter-
prises. Tet this was the situation but a
few years apo:
Mr*. Matthcv.son was in the last
stages of Diabetes. Her case h?.d beon
passed upon cs incurable, both at the
Women's Hospital and the Cooper Medi-
cal College.
R. M. Wood was in such a critical con-
dition as the res-Jit of Brights Disease
that it wns not believed at one time thnt
he could liv© more than about thirty
days.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
JXO. J. FULTON C?.
••SeARCHINS HIS SOUL FOR SOUNDS TO TCLL HOW SCANT HC WAS.- , | I
"RED SAUNDERS"— his three I
strange pets and the fresh bulldog. I
The funniest story Henry Wallace I
! Phillips has written. ' Pictures * 1
I by A. B. Frost. 1
Other features of the January number of |
ICan the. SOUTH solve the - , Idi ,M. Tarbell's great story of ..-*' ¦ - ; 'i
NEGRO PROBLEM? . ROCKE.FE.IXE.R S Xh |
An discussion oAhls great -*** " is ° ne ° f th « ™* M i
| national question by Carl ScKurz who. ** reveIatl0ns that .,- & o** § &£% §
a ¦ • • * - . has come to the >-' e, 1903— the first two- H
1 Of all Americans, in public Hf© : tO-day, is American n*>nn1,- ..-'^ .©» Volume 2a--wi!l be- W
[3 . .. . ¦ - American people .••- - given free with * sub- Eg
2 - best qualified" from personal experience to for a Ion? .•" o* scriptlon for 1904—14^
9 . . ¦ • *<?. < - *""5 ... months for $1.00. Address fJ
5 wr"; on it. : M while." ;.-;'cr JS. S. McClure Co., 135 Esst I
1 • .¦ • ..;..• .-* 25th St., New York, N. Y. f|
I McClure's— 10 Cents a Cppy—$L0Q a Year ...•"' N<zrae ':Mj |
I "At Any PriceWe Best''The Society for the Prevention of
Cruelty to Animals is continually re
ceiving complaints against the sale of
live lizards by street peddlers. Secre
tary Holbrook wishes the public to be
informed that he has had .the lizard
sellers arrested twice, but that the
cases have been dismissed.
Cannot Stop Sale of Lizards.
A beautiful framed picture makes a
good New Tear's present. The onlr
large assortment of good things is at
Sanborn & Vail's. •
Alfred Ruiz, through his guardian.
Dr. A. S. Tuchler, yesterday filed suit
to recover $28,000 damages from the
Del Monte Milling Company for in
juries received July 1, 1902. b7 the
falling of an elevator in the defendant
company'3 building. Ruiz claims that
the cable supporting the elevator was
weak and insecure. He wants $2500
for medical treatment, $500 for the
wages lost up to date through inability
to work and $25,000 for damages done
to his body. Ruiz's physician says
that the lad, who is but 20 years of
rfge, will be a cripple for life, his spine
having been injured in such a manner
as to result In his having locomotor
ataxia.
Sues Del Monte Company.
Elopements should be discouraged, as
they often lead to unhappy lives. These
seldom happen when there is a gaa
range in the muse from S. F. Gas and
Electric Co.. 413 Post street- •
"Americans are criticized for their
lack of "reverence and. r$*pegti and WlW
He said that education should first
of all lay a foundation that would
prepare every man 'to earn an honest
livelihood. Many things that were
formerly learned in the home or work
shop are now taught in the schools.
The girls are instructed in the art of
cookery and the boys are taught to
handle the tools " of the artisan and
thus lay foundations for useful careers.
The speaker, said he does not expect
to see the time when the culinary de
partments will turn out perfect cooks
nor the manual training departments
skilled mechanics, but from the stand
point of education both are moving In
the proper direction.
The clergy was represented by Rev.
Joseph Gleason of Tommies, Rev. Wil
!!am Rader and Rev. J. Nleto of this
city, Father Gleason being the first
speaker. He said in part:
"The" chief function \ot
education is to draw out'the best facul
ties of the child. The| education re
ceived during the first fqw years builds
the foundation of the winole structure.
It is said that some teachers teach to
teach and others to drav? their salaries.
I am thankful that those of thi& local
ity are of the former class. Yet there
Is a weak point. It is v. said that he
that stands still retrogrades. The phy
sical and mental man a-re being care
fully attended to, but some care should
also be taken of the moral.
BLAMES TEACHERS.
EDUCATORS' VIEWS.
The session was opened v. ith solos
by Miss Helen Crane, accompanied by
Miss Ethelwyn Mnrrack end Mrs. Mary
McGlade. The first topic to be dis
cussed was reading in the elementary
schools. This subject was ably handled
by S. .H. Clark of the University of
Chicago. He illustrated how the sense
of the best classical writers could be
lost and the beauty of sentiment de
stroyed by poor enunciation. Professor
Clark made his points clearer by quot
ing familiar passages of prose and
poetry and by imitation showing the
fallacy of common bombastic declama
tion and the beauty of a clear, whole
some utterance of tho words.
Next In order were solos by Mrs.
Charles C. Hughes of Alameda and
Miss Anna Hadfell, accompanied by
Miss Bliven. The music made a very
pleasant break and the soloists were
heartily . applauded.
"The P'unction of the Elementary
School" was next discussed by a num
ber of eminent sneakers from the view
point of their several profassions and
occupations. Elmer E. Brown of the
University of California spoke from the
standpoint of the educator.*
Prrsident. Charles C. Hughes, Alamoda: vice
president, Mif? Kcbecca K. Knslish, San Jose
State Normal School; secretary and treasurer,
Mrs. Fannie Rryam. Los Angeles. Executive
committee — f'harles C. Hughes, Alameda: Re
becca F. Knzlfsh. San Jose; Fannie. Bryani,
l-ics Angeles: Richard D. Faulkner. San Fran
cisco; Lois E. Peckham, San Francisco; George
L. Sackett, Ventura; George S. Wells, San
Jose.
At the Mission High School vester
day morning 1 the chief feature was the
meeting of the department vt the ele
mentary school association, presided
over by the following officials:
Clergy and Laymen Give Views «s to
Best Methods of Training.
ELEMENTARY EDUCATION.
Teachers' Association departed and the
election of officers for the following
year resulted as follows: President,
Charles L. Bredenbach; vice presidents.
Miss Kate Ames, Napa; B. W. Grif
fiths, Los Angeles; secretary, Mrs. M.
M. Fitzgerald, San Francisco; assistant
secretary, A. G. Kelly, San Francisco;
railroad secretary, A. E. Schumate;
treasurer, Philip Prior. San Francisco.
San Jose was selected as the next
place of meeting of the association.
Judge Burnett of Santa Rosa, who
was to have represented the bar, was
unable to be present and the conclud
ing address was made by Charles A.
Murdock on behalf of the business
man. His remarks were brief, but to
the point. He said that the teacher
and not the principals nor curriculum
make the school and give the boy a
chance to become a complete man and
the girl a complete -womanS He also
called attention to the lighting and
•ventilation in the schools, which hfc
characterized as ' nothing less than
criminal.
The County Boards of Education
also met In the high school building
arid discussed recent legislation. As a
result the committee will ask the opin
ion of the Attorney General and sug
gest .remedial legislation. -.-.¦
Interesting demonstrations in the in
dustrial department, comprising draw
ing, cookery and manual training, were
also made. The amateur cooks in their
white caps and aprons, busily engaged
a t the stoves, , attracted particular at
tention,
"The development of the children is
of the utmost importance, as they, in
the future, are to develop the state. I
would suggest to you what my ances
tors taught 1900 years ago— that the
hands should be developed at the same
time as the brain. When a little one
becomes what 'we commonly miscall
mischievous his little hands should be
given some occupation. It is a sign of
a natural desire to be busy and should
not be frowned down. Another fault
among teachers is to impress their dig
nity too strongly upon their pupils.
They should instead put themselves in
the places of the pupils, try to feel as
a little child would, and by sympathy,
tenderness and kind treatment help it
Instead, of crush it. All children's
brains are not alike and All cannot be
treated alike, but the children of the
present are the men and women of the
future and should be treated accord
ingly."
"As for the moral side, being a cler
gyman, I suppose I should say some
thing, but there is no use reopening
old discussions. , It is my Opinion, how
ever, that the more Christian principles
a teacher Instills into her pupils the
better. I do not mean the reading of
the word of God nor the rules of any
particular sect. What a teacher should
do, though, i3 to live up to the rule:
"Do unto others as you would they
should do unto you." Teach this, and
the whole doctrine of Christianity to
pupils, without sectarianism, and we
will have better men and better wo
men." «
. Rabbi Jacob Nieto followed, saying:
GREAT
Rev. Dr. Rader followed. He said:
"The proper training of the child
makes the Government safe, as educa
tion is the basis of government. Tak
ing chances of being called a heretic,
however. I will say that much time is
at present being wasted in arithmetic
which I consider should be set apart
as a special study for those who wish
to use it in their careers the same as
Greek or Latin. To be sure, it is well
to teach the rudiments at such a time
as the child is able to understand
them, but there is no occasion to force
a student to take a course in higher
mathematics which will be of no earth
ly use to him.
ceived will last a lifetime."
is responsible for this? The rarents?
Sometimes, but not altogether. The
fault lies with the school. v\ here the
child spends five days in the week and
should be taught reverence.
"In some European ¦ countries sec
tarian schools are maintained with
great success, each child attending the
school of his own denomination. The
result is that his moral nature is
thoroughly trained while h'a brain is
still plastic and the impressions re-
I relieve that the reading of books Is a te?t
of character. I believe that those who read
get that enrichment In life which cannot come
in any ether way. I believe In the literature
thru makes for the refinement of manners
Oh: it will not slve you true delsarte attitude*'
Who can come in contact with Portia. Cordelia
ar.d IJrutuB and not bo benefited? Great lit
erature breathes the. spirit of beauty, and It is
for the beautiful In life that we live I m»an
practical beauty. Great literature presents
the h'irr.an soul at Its crisis.
All but members of the California
VALUE OF READING.
moir*. He •wrote like he foutht. When he
went Into the war he forgot his tactics he
learned at 'WeFt Tcint. He' simply went In and
fought.
ORAL HEADING.
The pupil enter* school «r.d he speaks ornl
ly beautifully. I never knew It to fall. His
irrxiulatinn. hif= emphasis is above criticism.
After he has been in school eight years he
cannot read orally. No wcrder. he has been
in Fchocl eight years. Now he does not read.
This 15 mi*. Why doesn't he lead? He has
been taught to. He has bern taught that
beautiful sentence from Shakeroeare. "The
black hen Is In the lot. <Laushter.) He Is
conscious of his language. He's all right when
he is after the hen. but fails when he attempts
to recite It.
The speaker poked fun at the present
custom in the schoolrooms of teaching
children to read, to hold the book in
the left hand and level with the chin,
heels together, etc. This picture was
recognized by the teachers and they
laughed merrily.
"If a child of mine went to school."
he said. "I would insist upon It that
he should not be taught to read orally."
v SING SWEETLY.
When President Tompkins had con
cluded the assemblage applauded en
thusiastically. He was followed by the
pupils of the Denman Choral. The
girls of Mrs. M. M. Fitzgerald's class,
under the direction of Azro It. Mann,
principal of the Denman Grammar
School, rendered "Night in May." by
Abt; "Elizabeth'3 Prayer" (Wagner);
"Pilgrim's Chorus" (Wagner). and "The
Bloom Is On the Rye" (Bishop). The
singing was beautiful and was highly
appreciated.
Professor S. H. Clark, "University of
Chicago, delivered an address on
"Reading in Our Schools." In part he
said:
Literature <-annot be crammed, and when it
1*. it is not literature. It turn* Its face away
from lhc*« practical minded teachers who
would make the study of literature a sttdy in
crammer. It gives Itself up only to those
¦whp auoroach It in the Fplrlt of one who en
ter's composed In thought and composed in
feellnr.
The only art our children know i* the art
of literature. Literature comes Into being be
cause a man has something: that he has seen
ami feels and he must make others see and feel
and If he does he is repaid.
SCENES ATTENDING THE ANNUAL CONVENTION OF THE EDUCATORS OF CALIFORNIA IN THE ALHAM
BRA THEATER. ONE OF THE LEADING SPEAKERS AND THE POPULAR WOMAN WHO WAS RE
FLECTED SECRETARY YESTERDAY AFTERXuOON.
The committee in charge of the en
tertainment to be given to-night in the
Alhambra Theater by Golden Gate
Council No. 80 of the 'United Com
mercial Travelers of A'merica an
nounces that 'the programme to be
presented will be "the greatest ever of
fered in minstrelsy." Besides the
talent selected from the Commercial
Travelers, the following well-known
people have* volunteered: Billy Hynes.
who will make his last appearance in
black face, and Billy Brackett. "the
man with the_red hair." Others who
are to take part in the programme
are: Billy Hobson. Sam Hall, Ben
Deely, Jack Einstein, Elton* Lambert,
Frank Sheean, TV. H. Brown, Carl EL
Koening, Harry B. Smith, F. J. Glan
nini. Sam O. Hall. J. H: Daviea, J. E.
Scanlon. James E. Donohue. Robert E.
Davis, Fred Everett and Harold For
man.
Commercial Travelers* Shorr.
Charles Wallace, the newly elected
president, was toastmaster and the
guests enjoyed a bountiful repast be
fore the speeches were delivered.
R. H. Davis, the retiring president,
spoke on the toast, "The Association,"
and told of measures used to defeat a
bill to license commercial travelers.
W. W. Knickerbocker responded to
the toast, "What Make^ a Good As
sociation Member," and urged the
The members of the Pacific Coast
Commercial Travelers' Association
held their annual banquet last even
ing at a downtown restaurant on Pine
street.
Toasts Are Delivered.
Bountiful Repast Is Enjoyed and
TRAVELING MEN BANQUET.
Before the meeting terminated the
outgoing president called upon Alfred
Kelly to perform the office of present
ing to the retiring secretary, A. C. Bol
demann, a handsome case of . silver
ware, the gift of the association for the
untiring zeal and faithful service given
the organization by Mr. Boldemann for
eleven years. There are eighty-nine
massive pieces of silver In the case.
Mr. Boldemann thanked his associates
for the elaborate present and with three
hearty cheers for the outgoing officers
and three for the incoming officials the
meeting adjourned.
GUT FOLLOWS REPORTS.
The treasurer's report showed the
total funds of the association to be
$15,450 77, with a net gain of $1448 41
for 1903. The benefit committee report
ed the growth of the association and
of it8 number only 192 were partici
pants of the death beneficiary fund, be
ing a great minority of the member
ship.
The transportation and advisory
committee reported that but few com
plaints had needed adjustment. The
relief committee's report showed that
it had not been asked to give relief to
more than three members, the total
expenditure for that purpose being
$80 90. The report of the headquart
ers committee proved that the year
had been very prosperous. "The Of
ficial Bulletin" was shown to be in a
successful condition.
Numerous additions to the constitu
tion and by-laws were adopted.
The election of officers for the ensu
ing year resulted as follows: Presi
dent, Charles L. Wallace first vice
president, V\". W. -Knickerbocker; sec
ond vice president, Lee Jacobs; secre
tary, Charles B. Tomson; treasurer, B.
B. Galland; directors, H. L. Judell, A.
C. Boldemann. 'Alfred Enquist, W. F.
Peterson, 11. H. Davi and J. C. Eu
banks.
entitled to a gold badge; the second
prize."
During the last twelve months death
ha3 reduced the membership by five,
namely, L. L. Dobbs, B. J. Phillips,
Herman Pilling. W. W. Wo)*t and Jo
seph J. Foley. B. J. Phillips and Her
man Pilling were insured members,
consequently their beneficiaries were
each paid $500.
guests to be loyal to the association in
every way possible.
Alf Kelly won applause by a pleas
ing response to the toast, "The La
dies," and H. J. Juddcll spoke on "The
Fourth Profession." counseling all
young traveling men to- apply their
minds to study as in any other pro
fession. W. F- Peterson spoke on the
toast. "I Don't Care," and asked the
members to use their combined ef
forts to secure better railroad accom
1 modations for the drummers. A
pleasing vocal and musical programme
was given during the evening.
"W. TV. Knickerbocker has brought
in eighteen applications that were
favorably acted upon, and as a conse
quence Is the winner of a handsome
dress suit case, and John\A. Moynlhan
gf Sacrament?,' f pr similar service, is
"There are 790 members in. good
standing. The list of suspended mem
bers during the year was much larger
than usual owing to the fact that dur
ing the busy i years of 1902 and 1903
travelers who had been for years on
the road were able to obtain inside sit
uations, and in consequence felt that
the association would be of no further
use to them. The retirement of so
many old timers brought a number of
young men on the road, wh.P, after a
year of probation was up, joined the
association only to be suspended^! ther
because they had lost their positions or
had been unable to stand the monthly
tax of 50 cents. The new membership
during the year \Yas 200 and 43 associ
ate members, making a total of 243 for
1903.
YOUNG MEN SUSPENDED.
"Honesty is tho best policy and when
traveling men will deal as honestly
with transportation companies as they
exact from all who trade with them,
then possibly the railroad companies
will be glad to simply issue a plain
card entitling commercial travelers to
all the rights and privileges of their
trains.
"The constitution and by-laws, ar
ticle 5, section 6. state positively that
the association shall not authorize the
use of its co-operative name, initials
or seal to any person as an indorse
ment for the sale of any merchandise.
• "If any member offer for sale mer
chandise bearing the corporate name,
initial or seal, he shall be liable to ex
pulsion.
"Recently some members have en
deavored to place a bottled article on
the market and have been guilty of
bringing the name of the association
into the deal both by inference and
plain statement so as to procure greater
pressure on the buyer. This is against
the best interests of the association
and against the interests of members
who are handling a like product. If
this association permits any company
to use its influence In placing wares
of any kind on the market, it will es
tablish- a precedent that will entirely
disrupt the organization.
"One of the greatest accomplish
ments obtained by the association was
the defeat of a bill during the last
Legislature which, had It become a law,
would have deprived 25 per cent of
the traveling men of California of em
ployment and forced as great a per
centage of merchants of California out
of business.
Reports were heard which were in
every* sense gratifying to th rt members
and were accepted with acclamation.
President Davis in his annual report
had the following, among other things,
to relate for the information of his
associates:
"Non-members of the Pacific Coast
Commercial Travelers' Association
have been very prolific during the year
in their desire that the organization
should take up their fight In localities
where they have been imposed upon.
They have had no attention paid them,
as we are not a charity organization
nor a collection agency. If a travel
ing man will not spare the small sum
of 50 cents a month, the association's
dues, with few exceptions, he is either
a nickel-in-the-slot artist, a natural
born miser or a high-born aristocrat,
whose cowardly nature, in places where
he cannot be detected, scorns Joining
an association where religious lines are
not drawn. Such commercial travelers
hold their positions because they travel
for laborers' wages and small expenses.
HONESTY BEST POLICY.
A vote was then taken and resulted
in favor of establishing a free bed for
members in some reputable hospital.
The question of increased payment to
the secretary was also considered and
will be left to the directors to de
termine whether the monthly salary
shall be increased from $50 to $75 or
more.
FREE BED IX HOSPITAL. '
A meeting of the Pacific Coast Com
mercial Travelers' Association was held
yesterday in Elks Hall to hoar the an
nual reports and elect officers for the
ensuing year. The retiring president,
Robert H. Davis, was in the chair.
Not least In interest before the meet
ing was the subject of hotel accommo
dation and the, treatment accorded the
members by hotel proprietorc. There
was a discussion on this matter that
lasted for some time and in which
numerous members of the organiza
tion took a lively part.
There had been some complaints, said
President Davis, which had been aired
in the association's journal, the Official
Bulletin, but 'when the matter came
up for settlement or investigation the
complainant invariably withdrew and
in case of threatened action for libel
even evaded his responsibility.
S. Baruch was-foremost in the argu
ment and infqrmed( the members that
whenever a complaint was made by the
association as to treatment of membara
in hotels those that were responsible
for any shortcoming quickly came to
time and remedied defects ami the ins
attention /complained of.
Alfred A. Kelly brought inn matter
to a vote 'arid it was determined that
after refusal or neglect of an offending
hotel proprietor to remedy «<vil3 the
board of directors shall advise the
members through the columns of the
Official Bulletin, publishing all reports
and correspondence pertaining thereto.
The proposal to give a salary to fu
ture presidents was taken up and it
was shown that that officer was de
serving of some consideration since
the office was one that" demanded an
outlay. The matter will come before
the new board of directors for final
decision. . .
Organization Makes Prepara
tion to Care- for Sufferers.
Salary to Be Given President
The secret of effective utterance is simply
thise the man feels the effect ia himself. The
speaker is conscious of liis language. I used
\r> think a student cf lanRuape should b» the
best u>?er of it. On observation I don't be
lieve it is 'rue. In our own State we think
the man o who us.es beautiful language is the
fish man° down at your university.
ter.) I don't f»c anything smart in that.
iT-augtHer.) Read the story of the salmcn If
jou don't believe what I am telling ycu. Ii>.
cur OWU ftate we have a professor of physic*
— MendeM Hall— who uses rimpje language.
Everybody Is delighted with his Simple, chaste
"Why do you want to increase your
vocabulary'." asked the educator,
"when you hgve got ten words now for
one idea?" President Tompkins con
tinued as follows:
Arnold Tompkins, president cf the
Chicago Normal School, followed with
an address on "The Single Principle
Underlying the Language Arts." As
in the previous day. the Eastern edu
cator delivered a brilliant lecture. An
ecdote and story enlivened his views
and he had the teachers in constant
laughter by his facetiousness.
He created laughter by telling of the
youth jvho wanted to increase his vo
cabulary and askf-d his professor's ad
vice.
GROWS FACETTIOUS.
¦ 'barrel." It was. Nf.sly who sp.id. "I am not
»s eloquent in any one place as I can be, out of
reject for "atrirk Henry."
In closirjf. and I fear 1 must close, thnugli I
have several "barrels" that I would l!ke to
fiischMrge. I want to say. as I said in the be
(rinnins. there is perhars nothing new in what
I have told you. I d:.2 not tat out to give y.,u
sny r.ew thmishts, but t-> emphcslre some of
the things which you neve heard before and
which I consider essential. The success cf the
;vst<-m depend* more ujx-n the individuality of
the leather than upon any other factor. Fhe
must be broad miiiUed and many sided: she
must be sympathetic: she must love child na
iurf; she mutt Im> jjrou.1 of her profession and
rr>sk» it something to be proud cf: she must
study humu.fi nature more than books; she
lm»t— wel!. ycu see. I am In search of a para
con of virtues. But believing in yourself be
lieve in humanity, believe in the suceffs of
jour undertakings, fear nothing and no on*,
love vo'jr work, work. hope, trust, keep iri
touch with to-day ar.d live in the present. Teach
yourself to r-e practiccl sr.d us to dat* and
fn?!b'e. fee yoBr cemmen sense ar.d vou
rannot fail.
Another factor in th- success of a teacher is
the aniount of icserra force under which she
works. Many are working right up to the limit
of their endurance end the rrsult is brilliant
wcrk for a time perhaps, but a gradual falling,
tlien nervous prostration. What would you
think <:f an ensrinver who kept his engine work
irg up to the very limit of its capacity? It
woul<f la«t a r«erjr short while. The fact is very
few teachers can very long endure th* mental,
nmr<*l and physical s'.rain of the maximum ef
fort. Pcnv ttacliers. int-tead of accumulating
etr»rtKth. Hre constantly losing their po»'er and
Ws^-slrr their clances of success. I>et me ex
plain. If the teacher is hearing a class, she
tslks trn<tbBd «r.<1 r.t a rapid rate. Ph«- lessens
her prixtkr of inrtroction. She tells too much.
If sl flight difficulty occurs in government, she
l*t* loose ell her powers of vengeance upon
#«rnt» thoughtless lad. never once thinking that
i he n«XL breach of cwiduct may need even
nor* wicr- measures. She finds herself out of
r.rrmuniJlcn» Keep a <~heck upon your wor.Js
and action*. Say less than you are able to say.
t,rt yrur iiunifhm^ms be le?s than they might
be. Imprest your pupils that you have some
thing in reserve, that you always have another
FACTOR FOR SUCCKSS.
We who have taken up teaching as a profu
sion must consider our future years ar.d think
nn the business «=i<ie of cur Mfe occasionally.
To look . about us and eee those
wh-» aro retiring from the profession
after.. j-ear* of service. most of them
poorer than when they entered p.ni with
out sny arr-are^t r.ie?.ns of livelihood, is not
a sight* calculated to induce mar.y enterprising
men end women to enter the orofe«*ion or to
stay in it after the}- are there. While it is
one of the highest callings, a celling in which
more irood can be done for the wcrld. perhaps,
than in any ether, yet there are too few peo
ple in the world who are self -sacrificing
enough o.- rMlanthropic enoush to tnke the
vow of poverty. 1 am glad that Governor Tar
dre is tr> sj^eak on the subject of salaries. Th?
tho f«ctcthat b rood teacher cannot be paid
fnouph for what she does and a poor teacher
is much overpaid at any salary.
Ho»f>rr much »* ttudy alcng the line of
rur Dro!e*sic.n. and we should do much of
lhat. we rhould take up .« a eide issue some
thing entirely different. The men will be all
the better teachers if they mingle with men
< f affair* nr.d rowt in social intercourse or
rrie&dly dl*cu?elcn those who aro their equals
or their «Jsx>rior£ in the various lines of busi
ness, social end political activity. Always to
ceal with immature minds will u-nd to narrow
r.ers or pedar.try. end to think nf nothing but
scho<il would narrow any mans horizon, broad
as the interests or education are. Women
- ho teach fcIiooI also will be th» bitter teach
er* if they are something more than w-aeherp.
To lielone to women's clubs and enter with
other women imo discussions ar.d enter
prises, to iro inV ren»'rai society and meet the
tr.rri and •n-orner^ /tf the city, to visit with the
pareius of 'he school children and learn their
point of view, to join some literary circle for
8dver.ee studies, to read with a stimulus Of a
friend's Interest and example in any one of a
score of lines, ail this and more in the Fame
direction tends to good teaching, not less than
your profespioral lectures and studies, which
•re absolutely necessary.
Fred T. Moore, Superintendent of the
Alcmeda City Schools, read a bright
paper on "Some practical suggestions."
In part he said:
PRACTICAL SUGGESTION'S.
Thr fecor.d day's session of the Cali
fornia Tcaehors' Association, which is
beir.f: b^;!d jointly with the San Fran
cifco City and County Teachers' Insti
tute, was opened in the Alhambra The
ater yesterday afternoon by singing by
third-grade pupils from the Agassiz
-frimary School. Miss S. J. Jones, prin
cipal of the school, led the tots, who
Fanp sweetly and in perfect time. The
children sane: Hanson's "Bugle Song,"
Hawley's "Rainbows" and White's
"Sunrise." For an encore the little
ones rendered a rollicking melody. The
girls sang sweetly and the boys puck
ered their lips and whistled in chorus.
Th? efforts of the babes created sur
pr!se and enthusiasm.
ESTABLISHES FREE BED
language. If ttc want anything written uo
we don't turn It over to the Latin man: we
turn It over to the bug man. because he is
f> dr'nlv Interested In his bugs and has no
time to use elegant language. He Is not over
conscious, as would be the I^atin professor or
professional lecturer, who usually wears a
plate Elafs front and has fits of eloquence,
firt-t en one eiio of th»» stage and then on an
other. (Lauchter.) You read Grant's me-
Leading Educators Appear at Invitation of
Pedagogues and Enlighten Them on
Work of Training Young Minds.
Action Taken to Better Condi
tions at Meeting of Commer
cial Travelers' Association
HOTELS WORRF
THE DRUMMERS
INSTRUCTIVE PAPERS READ BEFORE
THE GATHERING OF STATE TEACHERS
THE SAN .FRANCISCO CALL. WEDNESDAY. DECEMBER 30, 1903.
7
ADVURTTSEMEXTS.
ADVEBTISEMEErTS.
Holiday Fun and Folly
y-tf^y Too much of a good thing!
/f£ ?$&/ — "7** That's what we are all lia-
vA Q y&/ ¦ bl e to ta^ e during a holi-
arCV day season. Healthy, jolly
S>^**j$L*$fy \ people will do it and make
/iT[\?3^7 themselves sick. "In time
JmL rV^»: / J °^ peace prepare for war,'*
/^ and have about the house a
J pleasant, perfect, palatable,
positive medicine for sour
m^ stomach, sick headache,
A!> *~ colic, winds, belching, bili-
ousness, furred tongue, lazy liver, constipation, bad
breath, bad taste, all liable to result from holiday over-
indulgence. Cascarets Candy Cathartic is what you
want; a tablet after a big meal will prevent sickness, or
a tablet at night before going to bed, after a good time,
will fix you all right for morning, and let you get up^
clear as a bell, ready for business or pleasure. t-
Jr2r%. /» /-fcT* a£ rv Bes * for the Bowels. All dru«Ut», xoc. *$c, 50c Never told la bulk.
tiJLklLUjLiAAlcJ The genuine tablet stamped C C C. Guaranteed to cure or your
XTI w ~_~.7S* money b«ck. Sample and booklet free. Addr-ss
Sterling Remedy Company. Chicago or New Tor*. 01
Red Letter Day.
Green Trading Stamps
Giver* Awfly # •
To Every Person Visiting This Store To-Day.
E4tt>VAVi^^LIABLE
-ft-1250 MARKET ST"*™*
FBAQEBS
BOOK-
j fj\ GBtttlTI at a ' ow of Dcsk^ for sixty days< /fit!
jlffTjfg * "w^ All prices marked in plcin %*||yfrt
ImM figures at great reduction. ffUfsui
Ilia 646 -SO Mission St. Jf I
Pl3| SAM FRANCISCO. |g||It is. said that Tolstoy was much pleased the, other
day upon meeting William Jennings Bryan to learn that
the American is .not a socialist. Tolstoy probably does
not know that it was for what he is and not for what he
is-notthat- Bryan was not chosen to be President of the
United States. ; "
The Supervisors of Alameda County have decided,
after much perturbation, to select and use voting ma
chines. The decision is expected to be a measure of ma
terial economy to the county. As two prominent State
officers are financially interested in the selection we may
calm ourselves in expectation of explosive developments.
CIVIL, SERVICE— E. W. S.. City.
Under the United States civil service
rules applicants for positions must ob
tain an average of TO per cent in order
to be eligible for appointment, except
that applicants entitled to preference,
because of honorable discharge from
the military or naval service of the
United Statea for disability resulting
from wounds n>eeJv«Hl or sickness in
curred In the line of duty, need obtain
but 85 per crnt.
Our fT4m» department Is showing a
new line t»f frame* in Kilt, oak and art
nouvrau n^HVji, Uood for Now Year's.
Sanburn, VrtU %<fc Co. •
Townaonit'n California glace fruits and
candle-*, 5i>o a pound. In artistic nre
etch* 1 ' h^ xe *. A nice present for Eastern '.
friends. TIJ MarKet »t. above Call bldg. •
.. Special information supplied daily /to
business h«<u*«« nnd public men by tha
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 230 Cali
fornia su i-oi. Telephone Main VAX. ¦ *
In defending Legarda, a Filipino lawmaker accused
of grave immoralities, General Smith, a member of the
Philippine Commission, says that in morals Legarda
compares favorably with the American statesmen, al
though the Filipino conception of morals is admittedly
inferior to the American standard. All of which indi
cates that the Smith opinion of the morals of American
statesmen is that they certainly are no better than
those of the Filipino, and may be worse.
THE BROKEN TRUSTS.
Before turning to the course of
study -which Is to leave the instruction
book behind, however, I wish to
epeak a little of phrasing. As the
pupil advances he will notice occa
sional curving lines, sometimes above,
sometimes below the staff, and often
extending over several measures.
These lines denote phrases — in other
words, all the notes and measures
comprised within the limit of the two
extremes of one of these lines are a
part of one phrase, or sentence. The
messag* of -tha composer la conveyed
• -.*.. • . •
fault as it occurs. He must Dractice
with each hand separately, then put
the parts together. This is a good rule
to observe in the future, as wett as at
the present time. When learning a
of music the pupil should first
read it through as it is written with
both hands to get a sort of synopsis
of the whole thing, as it were; then,
picking it to pieces, practice the two
parts separately, working out the most
difficult spots first before the more
simple ones.
As time goes on the studies and
pieces steadily increase in difficulty,
until, by the time he turns to the last
page of the book, he will have passed
far beyond the point where he can be
classed aa a "beginner" and will have
become an intelligent little musician.
In the next lesson I shall plan out
an extensive course of music for our
pupil to take up in conjunction with,
the latter half of his instruction book
and by means of which he may con
tinue his study of music after the book
Ehall have become of no further use
to him. With such a course before
him he will be able to do very credit
able work by himself for a number of
years If It is impossible for him to
study with a teacher. In any case,
with 'or without a teacher, the course
•which I shall prescribe can do him
nothing but good, if he takes it up in
the same spirit in which these lessons
are written.
THE year closes cloudy for the trusts, that twelve
months ago were suspected of capacity and in
tention to own the earth. Thanks to the sturdy
hammering of President Roosevelt, the law has woven
its net around several of. the strongest and the, instinct
of self-preservation has led others to follow in the line
marked out by the President, until a trust is now the
least feared and most distrusted of all things.
1 Natural law has overcome artifice, when assisted by
application of the statutes of Congress. The railroad
merger is making a losing fight in the Supreme Court.
The shipbuilding trust is on its beam ends, wallowing in
the trough of the sea'of justice, and soon to go down to
the, locker of Mr. Davy Jones. It came by water and
it goes by water. The asphalt trust, one of the mightiest,
that, attracted millionaires as, honey does flies, is riven
completely, and those , who got in on 'the. ground- floor
will never see an asphalt pavement again '-'without a
A WIDOW'S .RIGHT — Stranger.
Suisun. .Cal. Under the United States
laws the widow or children of a home
steader are not required to reside on
their homestead after his death, but
must continue* cultivation by agent or
otherwise. The widow can enter a
homestead in her own fight while cul
tivating that of her deceased husband,
in which event she must actually re
side on the land entered in her own
name. . ',% •
The Carlisle Indian? have come and gone and the
scalps of the pick of Californian pigskin experts are at
the belts of the victorious redskins. Poor Lo has taught
us a lesson we should not forget. Conditions, not the
man, most frequently determine gradations in success.
With an even chance our Indian friends seem able
enough to work out a laudable purpose in most things
that we do.
The Russian Soldier.
"The Russian soldier, as I saw him
during the Boxer campaign, impressed
me as being a fatalist of a very prac
tical order." writes O. K. Davis In
Everybody's Magazine. "If it is his
time to lose his life he will lose it, and
there is little use in trying to save It..
He might as well go to one place as
another, and It makes no difference
whether he goes into a fight or keeps
out of it. He travels the line of least
resistance, and from this develops a
blind but often unintelligent obedience.
That sort of man makes a dangerous
fighting machine.
"With all these good qualities, how
ever, there are others not so attractive.
Big, strong, patient of toll and hard
ship, he is also clumsy, stupid and very
slow— a serious fault In fighting men.
There was a good exhibition of the
Russian lack of speed, th* day the
Peking relief column marched from
Mahto to Chang-chla-wan. For that
morning it had been arranged that a
Russian battery an°d battalion of in
fantry should form part of the ad
vance guard with the Japanese, whom
the regular formation of the column
placed in the lead. The Japanese were
doing their full share, but tha Russians
could not or would not keep the pace.
After repeated" attempts to get them
to do so Japan was obliged to ask Rus
sia to withdraw its men and give room
HORSEHAIR — E., Eureka. Cal. A
horsehair placed in water will not. in
time, develop into a snake. If such a
hair Is placed in water and the water
becomes stagnant, a number of ani
malculae will attach themselves to the
hair and the life of these cause the hair
to move. From that has arisen the
story that the dead hair is turned into
a live snake.
POKER PLAYING — Player. City.
The playing of the game of poker has
been prohibited by law. The playins
of that game was prohibited in Austria
by the Government November 23, 1SS6.
PATTI— S. C, City. Adelina Pattt
made her first appearance in San Fran
cisco March 10, 1SS4. She -was her*
again in 1S37 and in 1S90.
NOTES ASCENDING FROM
LOWER C TO MIDDLE C.
FORCE OF WAVES— T. M., City. It
is stated that a rolling wave twenty
feet hieh exerts a force of about one
ton per square foot.
Curzon s Reply.
Lord Curzon has been long. noted for
his cutting and cold remarks. Some
years ago, says the railway official
who tells the story. Lord Curzon came
down from London by what was then
the Lon^dn, Chatham and Dover Rail
way, to address a political meeting at
one o* the Kent coast resorts. Lord
Curzon was in a hurry. The train made
its twenty miles an hour all right, but
the future Viceroy thought it the slow
est train on earth. He said so to the
guard. That dignitary, as usual, took
the remark as a person insult.
"If you don't like the speed of thi3
train, mister," he said, "you can get
out and walk!"
Lord Curzon was not crushed. Tart
as vinegar came the reply:
"I would, only they don't expect me
till this train gets in!"
LOUISIANA EXPOSITION— P. P..
City. The opening of the Louisiana
Purchase Exposition has been fixed for
May 1, 1904.
'Anszvers to Queries.
BACK DATE— Subscriber, City. The
25th of November, 1S73, fell on a Thurs
day.
Rosemary and Rue.
Within the leaves of Memory's book
I see. through blur of tears.
Your gage — a little withered spray,
Brown with the stain of years.
Yet subtly sweet as breath of spring.
When love to youth appears.
O friend, if time and place must hold
A bar between us two.
If you may never see my face,
Nor I touch hand of you.
Beside your sprig of rosemary
I lay my spiMg of rue.
— Rosalie Arthur in Smart Set.
McEncniy's Bluntness.
Attorney Garrett McEnerny believes
in calling a spade a spade and it is
just possible that his bluntness of
speech in conjunction with his knowl
edge of law has had not a little to do
with his success. A few days ago he
was befrre the Superior Court settling
a bill of exceptions to a motion for a
new trial. He surprised the counsel
for the other side by calling counsel's
client to the -stand.
"If the court please," objected the op
posing counsel, "this Is an unprece
dented proceeding. Might I ask you,
Mr. McEnerny,.what is your object in
examining my client, at this time?"
"Certainly you can ask," said McEn
erny, "and I will cheerfully answer. 1
am going to prove that you stole this
judgment.
St. Louis Notes.
Mrs. Noble Prentls of .Newton, Kan.,
has been appointed hostess of the Kan
sas building at the World's Fair. The
building is within a few days of com
pletion.
All the steel for Belgium's building at
the World's Fair has arrived from Ant
werp and the structure will be rushed
to completion. It has a lofty arch roof
with high central feature. '
In addition to the four acres of ex
hibit space in the Forestry, Fish and
Game building at the World's Fair,
there will be twenty-five acres of out
side exhibits in the Department of For
estry.
Among the many new hotels under
construction in St. Louis is a new one
at Fourth street and Lucas avenue,
with a capacity for 500 guests. This
hotel has not yet been named. It is
being built by the Belcher Water Com
pany. The Belcher baths will be a fea
ture of the new hotel.
The tower of the German building at
the World's Fair will be equipped with
cast steel bell chimes, consisting of
three bells. They have been completed,
at Bochum and tested by Professor
Theodore Krause, the royal musical di
rector.
The largest photograph ever made
will be exhibited in Germany's display
at the World's Fair. It is twelve yards
long and a yard and a half wide, all In
one piece. It is a view of the Gulf of
Naples. >
BASS CLEF SIGN*.
ually up the scale, until he reaches the
first ledger line above the staff. He
will find that the note to be- placed on
this line is C — none other, in fact, than
the middle C in a different fcrm.
It may be difficult for him at first to
realize that the note on the first ledger
line below the staff in the upper clef
is the same' note as that on the first
ledger line above the staff in the- bass
clef, but if he looks through the first
pages of his "Practical Method" he
will find examples there given which
•will assist him in comprehending the
matter.
The bass clefts always a sticking
point witty little pupils, and it will be
•well to give the child plenty of exer
cise in writing the notes contained
therein, that he may become perfectly
famiCar with them at once, and so
avVid confusing the two clefs. Let him
write the notes backward and forward,
skipping around, and in every way
imaginable, until he cannot rr.iss them.
Then let him turn to his instruction
book and name any note you iiay point
to at randnm, first in one clef and then
in the other, until you are satisfied that
he holds both clearly and distinctly in
his mind. When this is accomplished
he has passed a very important mile
stone on his Journey.
Now, taking it for granted ihat the
pupil has studied faithfully all the ex
ercises and themes in his book written
in the upper clef he must tako up the
first exercise ' in which the two clefs
are united. This ire must practice in
exactly the fame manner that he did
the exercises written for the single clef
— that is, very slowly &nd carefuliy,
measure bv measure, correcting each
ONCE more the Interstate Commerce Commission
submits to Congress a report dealing more
with the difficulties in the way of enforcing the
law than with the successes attained under it. The com
mission finds that no matter how earnestly it seeks to
enforce the law the railway companies find always some
means of evading it. It appears that nothing less than
power to deal summarily with guilty parties will ever
enable the commission to put a stop to the practice of the
companies of giving special privileges to certain ship
pers at the expense of others.
The commission says: "Tariffs as published and
filed are now generally observed, but in some cases the
tariffs themselves are so framed and contain such pro
visions as to permit preferences without departing from
their terms." In addition to the chances thus afforded of
continuing the evil practice of granting discriminating
rates, the new Elkins law, which was designed to put an
end to such favoritism, has had the effect of increasing
railway charges, and thus, as the report says, ''has oper
ated to intensify whatever was wrong iu the tariffs
themselves." Thus while the law has been' beneficial in
some respects, it is still far short of what is required.
As an illustration of the methods by which the rail
roads continue to grant rebates to favored parties with
out violating the law, the report gives the following case:
"The salt industry in Kansas is carried on by the Hutch
inson-Kansas Salt Company, popularly known as the
combine or trust, and by independent operators. It
was indicated by testimony that salt rates from Hutch
inson, Kans., and similar territory to the Missouri River
were not generally maintained previous to the spring of
1902, but since that time the rates named in the tariffs
have been charged. The Santa Fe, Missouri Pacific and
Rock Island systems, all having lines leading from
Hutchinson, made joint tariffs with the Hutchinson and
Arkansas River Railroad Company covering the trans
portation of salt to Missouri River points, and some of
the tariffs applied to other points as well. This Hutch
inson and Arkansas River Railroad Company, while in
corporated, does not operate any railroad or own any
equipment, but it does own some switch tracks or sid
ings adjacent to what is known as the Morton Mill,-6wned
by the Kansas Salt Company. This railroad company
received under the joint tariffs 25 per cent of the rates,
but not exceeding 50 cents per ton. The persons who
control this railway company are those in control of the
so-called salt trust, and they receive the benefit of the
division accorded to the Hutchinson and Arkansas River
Railroad Company. It was testified that 50 cents a ton
represented a fair profit to the producer, and that the
trust "was selling salt under contract at the Missouri
River at a price with which the independent operators
could not compete. This price drove the independent
operator out of that business, and it would not have been
made had not this division been given to the Hutchinson
and Arkansas River Railroad Company."
The report goes on to say, "There is reason to be
lieve that devices of this nature are frequently resorted
to." An amendment to the law is therefore imperative
unless it be the intention of Congress to leave the com
mission powerless against unscrupulous corporations.
The issue is to be met by Congress, for, as the commis
sion says, "Iivprevious reports the commission has care
fully pointed out the amendments deemed essential and
explained in detail the reason for its recommendations,
and it is unable to add anything of value to the presen
tation heretofore made> Its duty in this regard has been
performed."
INTERSTATE COMMERCE.
the smooth notes, that have preceded
it. Now is the time to make use of
the "technique" so faithfully practiced
during the first lessons, and which I
hope has been kept up until the pres
ent time with no cessation of enthus
iasm.
The beginning of a phrase is invari
ably attacked with the "down-arm
motion." Now, however, all the mo
tions are to be taken in a less exag
gerated form than they were in the
exercises; and while the pupil is, in
reality, using exactly the same mo
tions thai he was while practicing the
exercises, he must gradually tone down
the sweep of his arm (whether up or
down, as the case may be) until it sug
gests no exaggerated motion to the ob
server. The deeper a chord is intend
ed to be, .the higher the arm must be
raised, preparatory to falling in the
"down-arm motion." The same rule
applies, inversely, to the chord (or
note, as the case may be) at the end,
of the phrase. The more importance
there is to be given to the final chord
the higher must the arm rise, as the
fingers leave the keys in the "up-arm
motion." The notes intervening be
tween the beginning and end of a
phrase are presumably legato notes,
to »je played as are the notes in scale
practice, i.- e. t with a smooth, singing,
connected tone, whether fast or slow.
After the next to the last note is
struck, the hand (while the finger is
still on the note) drops to allow full
swing when it rises again in obedience
to the "up-arm motion."
It will be found of great benefit to
the pupil if at this point he takes up
an exercise which is intended to facili
tate this. Let him strike C with his
second finger with the "down-arm mo
tion," but Instead of allowing his arm
to remain down, he must start it up
ward again, at the same time striking
D with his third finger in the manner
demanded by the "up-arm motion."
He thus combines the two motions in
one exercise, in which is contained the
principle of attacking and leaving a
phrase. There may be two notes or
twenty in a phrase. It makes no dif
ference with regard to a principle.
The intervening notes call forth simple
finger motions only, with no complica
tion of arm or wrist.
When this is once understood the
pupil cannot go wrong In the matter,
and with a little practice it will become
instinct with him to attack and leave a
phrase in the proper way without hav
ing to give the matter a conscious
thought.
" Very staccato notes are indicated by
large, pear-shaped dots, and mean that
the finger must be withdrawn entirely
from the key, as soon as possible, after
the note is struck.
The other simpler marks of phrasing,
such, for example, as the opening an
gle, intended to denote an increase in
volume, and the closing angle, denoting
a diminution of sound, are all fully ex
plained in the instruction book, and
need no further notice from me.
Also, the meanings of the Italian
words scattered through al: ost any
piece of music are to be found in any
dictionary of musical terms. It would
be impossible to explain them all here,
and it is quite unnecessary, as it is a
simple matter for any student to look
them up, as he has need. for them. See
that he does look them up, however.
As the pupil's musical horizon en
larges he will have more and more oc
casion to use the whole of the keyboard
(Instead of being confined to a few
notes above and below middle C as at
first), consequently it will often happen
that his music will require him to carry
bis* hands and arms quickly from one
end of the piano to the other. When
this occurs he must not fail to facilitate
matters by the use of the "water mo
tion." whether the space to be trav
ersed be three octaves or one only. This
motion, like all the others, must no
longer* be exaggerated, but must be
"toned down,'.' and must merge into the
"down-arm" motion if It occurs in go
ing from one phrase to another. It
serves, as it were, the purpose of a
bridge to connect two phrases or to
connect two notes that are far removed
from each other.
The wrist! motion, too, must come
into constant use in ordinary chords, in
very staccato notes and in all places
that do not call for arm motions.
It Is all much more simple than It
sounds, and the pupil will fall into the
habit of using the motions at the
proper time without the slightest ef
fort, after a very little practice; and
finding the great variation of tone to.be
brought out by this means, he will
eoon unconsciously call to his aid what
ever motion will best interpret the
musio before him.
Backsliders.
The agents of a Kentucky distillery
in this city have been forwarding to
grocers throughc-ut the State printed
forms to be filled up with the names
of customers who might be induced to
purchase a supply of the whisky at re
duced rates. They promise a commis
sion on all sales effected in that way.
A story is going the rounds that a
grocer in a town in the interior where
a good number of prohibitionists live
thought it would be a good joke to fill
in the names of as many prohibition
ists as he could remember. He did so
and thought no more about the matter.
That was about four months ago, and
the grocer was staggered the other day
when he received a draft for $33 as
commission on the sales effected
through hls-recommendation. The joke
was too good to keep, and when the
story got talked about in the town
there was great consternation among
the prohibitionists. All attempts to dis
cover the backsliders have, it. is said,
failed, the grocer refusing to throw any
light on the subject.
BOTH CLEFS TOGETHER.
The Bennett legatees have petitioned the court under
whose direction their affairs are at present to remove
William Jennings Bryan as an executor. This seems par
ticularly unfortunate at this time, when princes and po
tentates of Europe are saj'ing and doing nice things for
Bryan. It is always embarrassing when abroad to have
one's neighbors displaying excited distrust of one at
home. . '
Glaciers Fading.
The French Alpine Club appointed a
committee of scientific 'men two yeafrs
ago to collect annually the results of
all the studies of glaciers made in
every part of the world and to prepare
a yearly report. The s'econd report,
covering 1902, just issue*!. presents a
large amount of evidence to show that
throughout the world the great ma
jority of glaciers are manifesting a
constant tendency to diminish in area.
Their lower ends are slowly retreat
ing farther up the mountains. There
are exceptions to this rule in small dis
tricts, but these exceptions only em
phasize the prevailing tendency every
where, from the Arctic to the Antarctio
zones.
In the Alps, for example, the diminu
tion of glaciation is everywhere notice
able, excepting in the Oriental Alps,
where the glaciers are now a little
longer and thicker than they were at
the beginning of the century. Through
out the Cordilleras of the Andes the
glaciers are retreating.
C Clef Sign in Music*
r HY ANICE TEKUUXR:
(Sow- Writer Formerly Director o* Music In
Ihe Colkge of ?t. John the Uaptist.
New York.)
(CopyriRM. ISO?, by Jofpph B. Bowl"-'.)
In taking up the bass clef it will be
Velf to have the pupil draw a "staff"
.witf. the bass clef sign (see illustration)
af the left of the lines and spaces,
where he has been accustomed to place
the sign of the upper clef.
Let him now place a note on the. sec
ond space (counting up from the bot
tom as usual), and explain to him that
Ihis note is C and is an octave below
- middle C. Now have him put a note
ea each line and space, climbing grad-
to the JaDanese, so that the required
speed could be made. The Russians
halted and formed beside the - road,
while the Japanese infantry went by
them on the double and the battery on
a trot. From that time until the day's
distance had be^n made there was no
more trouble about the.railflre of the
advance guard to maintain contact
with the enemy."
The Fall.
He was a new reporter on the police
assignment. He was fresh from an
eastern metropolis, full of brave ideas
about the way news should be gath
ered, a bit bumptious and a trifle con
ceited. He grated on the old stagers,
so they decided to initiate him. This
is the way they told the story at the
Press Club:
"One of the gang received a cooked
up message over the 'phone in the re
porters' room: 'Riot in the Presidio.
Dozen soldiers killed. Big story; get
out on it.'
"And 'out on if rushed the gang,
our friend from the East following,
pop-eyed with excitement. We ran
one way. He jumped across the street
for the nearest hack. It was then 11:30
p. m.
"At 3 o'clock the "late watch* man on
a certain morning newspaper answered
a telephone call:
" 'This is Blank at the Presidio. I've
been hiking since midnight on that riot
story, but not a soldier nor an officer,
from the commandant down, knows
anything. What shall I do?'
" 'Do? Do nothing. You've been
jobbed. Paper's gone to press long
ago,' was the cold-blooded reply.
"Blank found his way,, back to town.
The next night there was an air of
subdued quiet about the new man. He
hasn't offered any more suggestions
about eastern newspaper methods. And
it is said he didn't turn in an %S hack
bill in his expense account that ¦week."
IF reports from Southeastern Russia are not exagger
ated, more mafcsacres of the Jews are due about old
Christmas. The selection of the Christmas day of the'
Greek church as an occasion for murder makes it clear
that the anti-Semite agitators depend upon the religious
fanaticism of the people as the motive for the abhorrent
crimes which they incite.
In past ages other branches of the Christian church
have depended upon the same motive for bloody assaults
upon each other, and in the result every instinct of
humanity and every precept of Christianity were out
raged. But we live now in a different world. Even at
Rome the Ghetto is no more, and at Frankfort the Jews,
once the slaves of the city, are now its masters. Only in
Russia is it possible, by official connivance and ap
proval, to indulge in wholesale murder with difference of
faith as its excuse. Even in Turkey the quarrels which
embroil Christians and Mahometans have a distinctly
political origin, and are merely embittered by religious
differences as a secondary influence.
Christendom owes a duty to the Russian Jews. The
question is, how shall it be discharged? No doubt the
widespread protest against the massacre of last year im
pelled the Czar to inflict such punishment as was visited
upon the bloody wretches who committed the crime.
With that experience fresh in his memory," it may be that
the protesting sentiment of the world, which has been
evoked by the current threat of more murders, will
cause such precautions as will prevent another outbreak.
But Russia, in her operations in Eastern Asia, has shown
such disregard for the opinions of mankind that she may
be equally impervious to, influence affecting her domestic
policy and disorders.
One thing "should be sure. If she press her Eastern
conflict to a war with Japan, there may be furnished the
most interesting situation that history has ever re
corded. In such a war not the nations as governments,
but Christendom as one of the moral grand divisions of
mankind, would be on the side of Japan, a Buddhist
power, because of sympathy for the J*ews. Out of great
evil great good is possible, and the mind cannot imagine
anything that would so much glorify the brotherhood of
man as that spectacle.
There is one element of safety for the Russian Jews
that has not been taken into sufficient account. Russia
cannot carry out her vast policy of aggression in the
East without borrowing great sums of money, and she
cannot borrow without the consent of the Jews, who con
trol the floating capital of Europe. The man who called
Rothschild "the Jew of the kings" uttered something
more than a witticism. The Rothschilds and the great
Jew bankers of Europe are a more potent influence for
peace than the Hague court. It is the fact that no nation
can float its war bonds in Europe unless the Jews un
derwrite the loan. In such a situation Russia may be
compelled to elect between the luxury of murdering
Jews on the day of the nativity^ of the Prince of Peace
and her ambitious schemes of aggression and expansion
in Eastern Asia.
The calls upon the Government of the United States
for interference have been renewed. In considering
them it is well to have an eye to past precedents. The
opinion is propagated that the action of the President is
necesary to make any protest effective. . In the case of
the Hungarians, and in other instances, the action exr
pressive of sympathy has been taken by Congress, and
the Executive has been left free for obvious reasons. If
we are prepared to make the abuse of her Jews a casus
belli against Russia, and our people desire a declaration
of war to follow rejection of our demand for mercy, the
case is different. If that is the wish of the American
people, it must be considered, also, that such a declara
tion of war would be instantly followed by the murder
of every Jew in Russia. ' .-• j
Would that result bring continental Europe into alli
ance against Russia? With another Bonaparte in lead,
this might be the result, for Napoleon would have in
stantly seen the vast political 'advantage of such a situa
tion. Had it occurred in his day the French would not
have been alone at Moscow, and his dream of breaking
Muscovite power and confining Russia beyond- the
Dneiper would have become actuality. , In view of these
considerations it may well be that the, safety of the Rus
sian Jews is best assured by exceeding diplomatic action.
The obvious purpose of American politicians to make
domestic politics out of it should be looked upon with
suspicion. American Jews are among our most influen
tial and most respected citizens. They know that Amer
ican sympathy does not depend upon the pyrotechnic
pretense of American politicians. If these American
Jews consult together and, acting as ArheriAns, advise a
policy to be followed by the United States, it will be
sure to be wise, prudent and effective, and American
public opinion will instantly back it up and enforce it.
Such Jews are perfectly well aware that the artificial
sympathy pretended by an enemy of law and order, an
enemy of the President, and the adviser of assassination
in his own country, has a purpose which uses the Rus
sian situation as a pretext only. In the matter of the
Jewish petition to Russia the President was guided by
the wisdom of Jews who were not infatuated by praise
of themselves, and that he and the- country will heed
such wisdom again there is no doubt. v
RUSSIA AND THE JEWS.
to the performer (who should inter
pret this message to his audience)
through these "sentences" or phrases,
and it is just as important to under
stand the meaning of what goes to
make up the phrases as it is to un
derstand punctuation, in order to read
a book aloud intelligently. Phrasing
is, in fact, the punctuation of music
and as such demands a proper
amount of attention from us.
•Hitherto we have spoken only of
legato (smooth, connected) playing,
and a line placed over a measure or
measures is intended to bind the notes
therein contained into a whole, com
plete, legato sentence. Frequently,
however, the last note of a musical
sentence, or phrase, has. a slight dot
placed directly over it. This means
that the hand must leave the keys as
soon as this note is struck. It is there
fore a staccato note, the opposite of
twinge in their pockets, for they are called on by the
courts to pay in $24,000,000, so as to equalize matters
with the dupes of lesser fortune who paid high prices for
the stock because these millionaires were in the com
bination,-and their presence was a lure to bona fide in
vestors.
The lesson has been so sharp and the publicity of it
so widespread that the career of the Napoleon of finance
is over in this country/ Such Napoleons will not con
quer again on any financial Austerlitz or Marcngo, and
those who have been operating in promotion of the
schemes that are now like spilled milk may count them
selves lucky if they escape prison and a striped suit. Of
course their temper is up against the President and
every trust tooth is gnashed when his name is men
tioned, and they turn to the Democracy for hope and
comfort in their purpose to defeat him.
It is amusing to watch the wind blow, just now, in
politics. As the trust rage rises, Mr. William Randolph
Hearst makes his bow to an audience that is in dreadful
fear of the penitentiary, and says, "Gentlemen, my own
wealth should assure you that when I am President
money will talk to a friend in the White House." A goat
on a picket fence could not balance more evenly between
blue grass on one side and a mess of tomato cans on the
other than he does between labor and capital. But the
people are not panting for an equilibrist. They want a
man of direction and not indirection, and looking upon
the work of the President they find there firmness of
purpose and frankness of expression, and they will get
their vaudeville from Mr. Hearst and their valor from
Roosevelt.
THIC SAN FRANCISCO GALL, WEDNESDAY, DECEMBER 30, 1903.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL
JOHN D. SPRECKEtS, Proprietor • •.••...«••• Address All Communications to JOHN McNAUGHT, Manager
Publication O^ce. , <!^|§ill* > Third and Market Streets, S. F.
WEDNESDAY .' . DECEMBER 30, 1903
INSTRUCTIVE STUDIES
BY NOTED MEN AND
WOMEN
TALK OF THE TOWN
AND TOPICS OF THE
TIMES
8Harrlman Reorganizes His Newly Ac
quired Electric Line and Approves
Plans for Improvements.
The annual meeting of the Stock
ton Electric Railroad Company,
whose office has been moved recently
to this city, was held here yesterday.
Chief Counsel Herrin of the Southern
Pacific Company, acting for E. H.
Harrlman, who now controls the road,
held the majority of the stock repre
sented at the meeting, at which the
following directors were elected:
H. E. Huntington, W. F. Herrin,
James H. Budd, W. R. Clark and J.
A. Hooper.
The new board ratified the appoint
ment of Frank W\ Webster as general
manager of the company to become
effective on January 1, and also voted
on the proposed new improvements
of the line within the city limits of
Stockton. As already announced,
Henry Lynch will assist in the recon
struction of the road.
NEW DIRECTORS CHOSEN
FOR STOCKTON RAILWAY
[nmroveme t Club to Meet
ALA M EDA, Dec. 29.— The West End
Improvement Association will meet to
morrow evening instead of Thursday
evening in the Neptune Wigwam. The
organization has received notice that
the Oakland Board of Trade has ap
poiui'cd M. J. Keller. Hufert Hogan and
Irving C. Lewis as a committee to rep
resent that body In the matter of the
proposed improvement of the Webster
street roadway. The joint committee
Is expected to report after the first of
the new year.
SANTA ROSA. Dec. 29.— John Cavaimaro,
an Italian, was found dead yesterday on th?
ranch of William Hill, near Trenton, where he
had been employed for a year. It Is believed
th»* he died while chopping wood. The cause
•«««, heart failure.
Pretty papetorics in beautiful boxes —
pnvelnpps and paper ti<*<l with silk rib
lions. Good for New Year's. Sanborn,
Vail & Co. •
CHICAGO, Dec. 21h — Mls» Louise Hrega,
daughter of Mr. and Mrs. Charles Brena or
this city, was to-day united In marrlair» to
Captain Ralph H. James of the Koyal North
Lancashire Regiment of London.
The Old Humpbacks
Are not to be compared to our new pat
ent back, -flat opening blank books,
which cost no more than the old style
and are infinitely better. We are agents
for Berkshire typewriter papers and rib
bons. Regal pencils, and headquarters
for all office supplies. Let us fit you up
for the New Year. Sanborn, Vail & Co.,
741 Market street. •
Soimdins the Heart.
Dr. Gustavus Gartner, professor of
pathology at the Vienna University,
has made an important discovery of a
method for examining the heart. He
is the first to succeed in determining
the pressure of blood in the right auri
cle and the right ventricle, into which
the whole of the venous blood flows be
fore passing into the vessels of the
lungs for purification. His method 13
based on the following principles: If
one lowers his arm the veins in the
hand fill with blood, as is very plainly
seen on the back of the hand. If one
raises one's arm above the head the
veins collapse again. By exact and mi
nute observation Dr. Gartner has suc
ceeded in determining the height at
which the veins of the hand collapse or
fill in most cases. This change is so
distinct as to form a basis for measure
ments. The experiments have been
made on healthy and sick persons.
When the pressure of the blood in the
heart is normal the raising of the hand
to the height of the right chambers —
the position of which can be ascer
tained by percussion or Roentgen rays
— suffices to make the veins in the back
of tfce hand disappear. Dr. Gartner can
now measure the differences In the
pressure between the right chambers
and the veins direct, and, by observing
the veins in .the back of the hand, he
can draw trustworthy conclusions as to
the state of the heart. — New York Com
mercial Advertiser.
Suits "for divorce were filed yesterday
as follows: Theresa A. Hoppe against
Charles E. Hoppe for cruelty, Leah
Lyons against Alexander Lyons for
failure to provide, Cecil M. Troy
against Charles P. Troy for failure to
provide, Frank A. Selover against Car
rie Selover for desertion, Mathilde F.
Robertson against George Robertson
for desertion, Maggie E. Ward against
Charles E. Ward for failure to provide,
Kranknes Wichrowski against Jessie
Wlchrowski for desertion, Mamie M.
Green against Leslie A. Green for fail
ure to provide.
Suit for annulment of marriage was
instituted by John P. Burke against
Laura E. Burke.
Marguerite Mackintosh was granted
a divorce from Charles J. Mackintosh
in Judge Hebbard's court yesterday.
The ground on .which the degree was
granted was extreme cruelty. Mrs.
Mackintosh was formerly a Miss Hecht
of San Jose. In May. 1902, the young
woman took passage on a steamer from
this port for Nome, where she was to
Join her mother.
While aboard the steamer she fell in
love with Mackintosh, who was then
chief engineer. The couple got off the
ship at Seattle and were married. Four
months later Mrs. Mackintosh left her
husband In this city and went to live
wit,h her mother. She claimed that he
had treated her cruelly. He had an
ungovernable temper, she said, and in
sisted on sleeping with a loaded rifle
under his pillow, with which on sev
eral occasions he threatened to kill her.
Mackintosh made several Ineffectual at
tempts to get his wife to return to
him by threatening to kill her, but was
unsuccessful.
When the suit for divorce was filed
he made known his conclusion to fight
the case vigorously and said that he
would never pay any alimony. The
case was finally settled out of court
by Mackintosh paying his wife $1000
and the decree was obtained without
any contest on his part. Macintosh is
at present chief engineer of the ferry
boat San Jose.
Interlocutory degrees were granted to
the folio-wing named yesterday: Charles
A. Serin from Louise Serin for infidel
ity, James H. Lynden from Florence
M. Lynden for desertion, Alfred H.
Coates from Emma C. Coates for de
sertion, Lillian A. Harron from Ralph
A. Harron for failure to provide, Ame
lia McMinn from Joseph McMinn for
desertion.
DENVER. Colo., 'Dec. 29. — Dr. Seymour T.
Jarcckl, assistant county physician, who was
assaulted and robtx-d In his office in the court
house yesterday, was somewhat Improved to
day, although full consciousness had not re
turned.
LONDON, Doc. 2?.— The Most Rev.
Francis Bourn* 5 , Roman Catholic Arch
bishop of Westminster, was enthroned
in the new Cathedral of Westminster
to-<Jay with the impressive ceremony
incidental to such occasions. The vast
building was filled to its capacity by
ecclesiastics and laymen of the Roman
Catholic church, the robes of the of
liciating clergymen and the varied
garbs of the numerous religious orders
forming a conspicuous contrast with
the brick walls and bare-looking, un
finished edifice.
The Cathedral of Westminster, con
secrated to-day, is the first Roman
Catholic cathedral that has stood in
the metropolitan section of England
since the Reformation. The building
was begun only eight, years ago,
though it was projected by Cardinal
Wiseman (who died in 1865), and waa
planned by Cardinal Manning. It is
eituated half a mile west of West
minster Abbey, and is a magnificent
structure of Byzantine style, with
a groat campanile of red brick, band
ed with Portland stone, standing 300
feet high and .crowned with a metal
covered dome surmounted by a double
cross ot bronze.
The extreme length of the new ca
thedral outside is 360 feet; width, 156
feet; height of nave, 117 feet; and it
covers an area of about &4.000 square
feet.
The general view of the inner walls
is still one of bai-e, rough brick.
The scheme is to cover the whole of
ftie lower walls and the piers to the
height of about forty feet with marble.
All the upper part and the vaults and
concrete domes will be decorated with
Mosaic work, illustrating the history
of the church.
The total subscription before the
laying of the foundation stone was
"more than $250,000. Since then there
have bo^n many large individual bene
factions, and the total expenditure on
the entire edifice up to the end of Octo
ber was more than a million dollars.
The cathedral stands clear of debt.
ST. PETERSBURG, Dec. 29.— The
correspondent of a Russian news
aprncy at Kishinev telecraphs a de
nial of the statement that the Jewish
population *s being pillaged by the Rus
sians.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 29.— Ai the in
stance of President Roosevelt, who has
interested himself in the" reports from
abroad of massacres and contemplated
massacres of Jews in Kishenev, the
State Department is making active in
quiry through its diplomatic, and con
sular offices with the view to ascer
taining the exact situation as affecting
these people. The United States .con
sular agent at Odessa already has been
heard from* and he cabled the State
Department to-day that there had been
no fresh outbreak at Kishenev,' as re
ported -
Simon Wolf, representing the B'nai
E'sith, and Adulphus H. Solomons of
New York, one of the trustees of the
Baron de Hii>ch* fund, held a confer
ence with acting Secretary Lootnis to
day, during which the subject of the
Jcveu in Russia was discussed. Loomis
* showed *ht^m the Odessa dispatch,
v/hieh pave them some feeling of relief.
They did not present a petition and
"".-ill not do so ur.Jess later information
proves the situation to be as serious
as reported. Wolf said that he had
been impelled to call at the department
cz account of -the meeting which re
cently was held in England, over which
Lord Rothschild presided, which, he
said, pave the matter a character of
seriousness which otherwise might not
have been accepted.
Simon Wolf endeavored to have an
audience wiih Baron Sternberg, the
German Embassador, to-day, but with
out avail. Tho Embassador was not at
home io Wolf when the latter called
at the embassy, and had Baron von
Bussche Haddenhausen. the first sec
retary ard counselor, see him. Wolf
informed Baron Bus«;he that he came
primarily in the interest of a client Vho
had .lone some legal work for the em
bassy ar.d was now in trouble. Wolf
improved the opportunity, however, to
eay that he was interested in the Kishe
nev agitation in this country and had
an appointment to see the President on
the subject to-day. Wolf made no
rropoFition to Baron Bussche touching
the implication erf the embassy in the
troubles of the Jews.
Wo)f and Solomon later called at the
White House, but did not see the Presi
dent. Thev were informed that the
Pr«;!v5_'nt had anticipated their mission
by rfauesting the Gtate Department to
inquire through its c<-msular offices In
thf Ktsheaev district as to the reported
condition there.
Sensational developments are prom
ised in the divorce suit of E. K. Clarke,
who has instituted proceedings to an
nul his secret marriage to Mrs. Rosa
lind Bower, widely ' known as the
"Sweet Pea Girl," in Oakland several
weeks ago. Since his action was filed
against his wife Clarke has had detec
tives employed in gathering evi
dence that will support the claim set
forth In his suit that his marriage was
the result of a conspiracy in which a
number of persons, including the pro
prietress and female denizens of the
house in which he first met Mrs. Bower,
were Involved.
It is claimed by those that are in
terested in Clarke's side of the divorce
proceedings that testimony will be In
troduced at the hearing of the case to
show I that the women companions of
Mrs. Bower supposed that the plaintiff
was a son of United States Senator
Clark and that they proceeded with
their Dipt to marry him to the defend
ant with the idea that it would be a
profitable undertaking not only for
Mrs. Bower, but those who helped her
along with her matrimonial project.
According to the stories of Clarke's
friends, the first intimation that the
women received of the fact that he
was not a member c* the Senator's
family was when the news of the mar
riage was published the following
morning and gave the residence and
names of the relatives of the husband.
These facts, it is said, have already
been admitted by several of the women
of the house In which the plot is said
to have originated and it is expected
that these women will so testify when
they are called as witnesses. The son
of Senator Clark, for whom the women
mistook E. K. Clarke, was at the time
and still is in Montana.
Mrs. E. K. Clarke is expected to file
her answer to her husband's suit in a
few days. Yesterday it we s stated by
one of the husband's . friends that
Clarke is determir.d to prosecute the
case to the end and will not entertain
any proposition toward a compromise.
At the same time it was admitted that
the wife had made no attempt to effect
a compromise.
Building Was Projected by
Late Cardinal Wiseman and
Is a 31aguificent Structure
Mr. Roosevelt's Request for
In formation Brings Reply
That Reports Arc False
Temper of Engineer of Ferry
boat San Jose Too Strenuous
for His Wife's Comfort
Testimony Will Be Given at
Divorce Trial to Substantiate
the Charge of Conspiracy
THREATENS TO KILL HER
IXQriHY BY PBESIDEXT
EDIFICE FREE OF DEBT
WOMEN COXFESS MISTAKE
Doman Catholic Archbishop of
Westminster Is. Enthroned
With Impressive Ceremony
E. Iv. Clarke Is Preparing to
Show That Sweet 'Pea Girl
Thought He Was Senator's Son
American Consul Cables That
Tlieu Have Been No Fresh
Qptbteaks in Russian City
Marguerite Mackintosh Proves
Husband Treated Her Cruelly
and Is Granted a Divorce
Where is he who hath the hardihood
to affirm that women don't know a Joke
when they see one? That fellow should
have been forcibly haled before the
California Club yesterday to hear the
clever satire written by a member and
produced by members, and then been
bidden to forever hold his peace. And
that satire satirized the very members
of the club. Now, what cleverer thing
than that could a man's club do? And
no one got mad, either.
The play was written by Miss Ruth
Comfort Mitchell to celebrate the sixth
birthday of the club, and the parts
were cleverly taken by Mrs. Arthur
Cornwall, Miss Susanne Patch, Miss
Laura Musto, Mrs. Horace Coffin, Mrs.
W. I. Marion, Mrs. Emil Pohli. Miss
Emilie Kalisher'and Miss Rodney Ken
drick.
Now, of that bright galaxy of stars
Mrs. Cornwall as the clinging, confid
ing wife, and Miss Susanne Patch as
the little but mighty husband "made
good" — as the actors say — in a way that
made glad the hearts of those who were
lucky eneugh to be there.
The programme opened with an ad
dress of the founders by Mrs. J. J.
Scoville, after which the play that has
been practiced in star chamber session
for weeks became a thing of publicity.
Miss Patch, whose tiny frame fitted
deftly into a boy's frock coat, assumed
astonishing dignity by the annexation
of a pair of Dundreary whiskers and
a pompous wig; he was loved "horri
bly" (as the smart set say) by his wife,
who was impersonated by Mrs. Corn
wall. Now Mrs. Cornwall has never
been classed among the fragile mem
bers of the club and in her clinging
gown and stunning hat looked as
though she might put "Alpheus" in her
hip pocket. But she didn't. She loved
Alpheus dearly and leaned on him fig
uratively—yes, and literally. Poor Al
pheus! Alpheus didn't believe in suf
frage; neither did she, because he
didn't.
So proud of Alpheus was his Miner
van mate that she loved to hear him
recits "that dainty little poem that
Uncle George Bromley renders so
touchingly, 'Jingle, Jangle, When the
Cows Come Home.' "
Mrs. Rodney Kendrick was the lady
with a bill to get through. Her bill
was a measure for the protection of
larks. She had interviews with several
solons of Sacramento in regard to it,
and among them Senator Shortridge
declared outright in favor of the meas
ure—because he liked "larks;" and the
bill became a law, reading "Farmers
are henceforth compelled to plant such
seeds as- will agree with larks."
This is but a sample of the satires
thrust upon the misguided efforts of
the women of the club, and they
brought a merry laugh from those they
hit the hardest.
The play over, the members ad
journed to the tea room, where dainty
tables were spread, and in quaffs of
thinner things than obtain in men's
clubs many merry toasts were given.
Mrs. George Law Smith, the charming
hostess of the day, replied to the toast,
"The Founders." In it she congratu
lated the twenty-seven ladies with pos
sessing the prolific progeny of 450. Mrs.
Aaron Schloss responded to "Our Pres
ident;" Mrs. Hertz, "The Press;" Dr.
Minerva Kibbe, "Our Husbands;" Mrs.
Madden, "The Play and Players;" Mrs.
Mariner Campbell, "Music;" Mrs. J.
W. Orr. "Ourselves."
Mrs. Bates covered herself with glory
as toastrmstress, contributing much to
the programme by her clever repartee.
Altogether the affair stands pre-emi
nently the finest thing ever done by the
California Club, and in consequence a
love feast fittingly followed.
The play thtt Mr. and Mrs. de Young
will produce on New Year's eve, "My
Colorado Belle," was rehearsed yester
day, and no cleverer vaudeville bill has
been seen here for many a moon. The
play has been built by Ernest S. Simp
son and Will Irwin, and architecturally
it is a gem. It surely is a pity .that
more of we mortals cannot see so clever
a lot of people in so clever a skit. Mrs.
Gerstle, Mrs. Jack Spreckels, Miss
Pearl Landers, Miss Ethel Hager, Will
Smith. Joseph Rosborough, Jack
Wilson, Addlson Mizner, Frank- Owen,
Charles de Young and his Harvard
chum, Charley Shea, are especially
good. Fischer would smile unctiously
had he as chipper a cast for his new
productions.
The following is the cast:
Gentle C. Breezy, belle of Cripple Creek...
Mrs. Mark L. Gerstle
Bella Donna, a Drlma donna
Mrs. J. D. Spreckels Jr.
K. Z. Breezy, a Colorado millionaire
Addlson Mizner
Jasper Green, a dramatic author
Frank L. Owen
I. Collier Down, a brokendown actor
W. H. Smith Jr.
Sudden Smith, owner of the Tin Bucket
mine J- C Wilson
Reginald Fltznoodle. that's all
Joseph Roe borough
Tottle Tiptoes, a front row favorite
Miss Ethel Hager
Dottie Dimple Miss Pearl Landers
Sarah Mony Miss Constance de Young
Allie Mony Miss Helen Wagner
Consie tjuently Miss Mahle Cluft
Apole Sisters — Cora... Miss Kathleen de Young
—Seedy Mies Jane Wil shire
Ewa Dently Miss Lucie King
Cora Spond Miss Ardella Mills
Cls?y Rhinestone Miss Francos Stewart
Eddy Fie Charles A. Shea
B B rny Fitt Charles de Young
Tommy Hawk Paul Jones
Jay Byra .*. J. . D. Spreckels Jc
Jack Pott Roy M. Pike
Dan Delipne Burbank G. Somers
Dicklf Bird Power Hutchlna
(juess Knctt Emerson Warfleld
SI Clone Leslie Harkness
Chounoey Footllght N. T.' Messer
Music under the direction of Dr. H. J.
Stewart. Stage under the direction of Charles
II. Jones of Fischer's. At the piano. Miss
Helen de Youns.
CONSECRATION
OF CATHEDRAL
SPOUSE TAKES
RIFLE TO BED
KISHENEV JEWS
NOT IN DANGER
BITTER FIGHT
FOR FREEDOM
CLUB WOMEN
ENJOY SATIRE
BY A MEMBER
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, DECEMBER 30, 1903.
9
ADVERTISEMENTS.
REGAL SHOES:
Tf we could make you realize the
plain truth about Regal shoes, we
would have to stop advertising and
build a row of new factories.
The trouble is that you have been paying $5, $6,
$8 or $14 a pair for shoes for so long that you can't
believe the best shoes possible to make out of leather
can be made, and are made, and sold for $3.50.
That's the plain," bald. fact, and Regal shoes will
prove it to yott if you give them a chance. When
we say " best," we mean best in style, in fit, in leather,
in workmanship, in wear. We have been saying
these things for 10 years. We started with a very
small business. Now we have 60 stores in all the
principal cities, and there are over 200,000 people on
our mail order books. That's a good endorsement
of what we say.
Why don't we sell all the shoes in the world?
We are sure we don't know. We ought to — and
There nro GO Regal stores, 20 of them In Greater New York, where the styles
originate. The new Htyles are on Sale at oar San Francisco store at the same time
as in the New York stores. . VV^vT
San Francisco Store, Cor. Geary and Stockton Sts. ¦
Nf^VHEN YOU SEOSCt)/
I \ YOUR. PIAJsTO ii\
I \\ The first thing to do is to select a |\,
\ 11 dealer you can depend \ pon, f.r, if \\ V
IJn ou se ' ect e d ej l er right, a good \\\\
17 /I I Piano always follows. No matter ? \\ \
| 11"/ whether you wish to purchase a \ JJ I
I V# $150 Piano or a $2000 Steinway \wl
V I Grand, you get the same service U /
/m * lere an<^ ie same P r ' ce tnat every \ wT
/nl one else gets. Our profits are uni- j]\\
// y form and just, our prices are as l/J\
/I staple as gold, and the child and J\\
llVn e ex P ert tracie on exactly the fw]i\
jry^] same terms when they trade with I Jj\
y\ us. Investigate our new rent con- \{ I
\ v l tract plan. (It binds us, but does IjV /
\ l\ not bind you.) It will save you lVi
/// money, time and worry. Payments 11 M
// / are easy and of satisfac- j I If
III tion is absolute. Ask to see our / I//
¦ \\l $150 Pimo. j VI
\ Sherman, Clay & Co., |/\
1 Suiter and Kearny Streets, S. F. II
ADVERTISEMENTS*
AMUSEMENTS.
COLUMBIA KS
Engagement Limbed to Two Weeks.
MATINEE NEW TEAR'S AND SATURDAT9.
CHARLES FROHMAN Presents
Clyde Fitch's Best Play,
THE GIRL
WITH THE
GREEN EYES
A Comedy of Wit and Sentiment.
, Sunday. Jan. 10— Ibsen's ••GHOSTS."
ALCAZAR^mr
General Manager.
TO-NIGHT— MATS. SAT. AND SUJT.
NEW TEAR 1 3 MAT. FRIDAT.
I^.¥ I Tf^ sxcrrnro
]J_# JLa KJ JLt great
tJ!~lAiN^ M-SuuiEEjrr.
GREAT CAST— WONDERFUL REALISM.
Evenings. 23c to 75c; Matinees. 13c to 30c
NEXT MONDAT— First Time In Stock.
; The Romantic Drama by France* Hodgnoa
A LADY OF QUALITY
Julia Arthur's Greatest Success
CENTRALS
Market at.. Near Elffhth. Phon* Gouta 033.
TO-NIGHT— NEW TEAR'S WEEK.
Mat*. New Tear's. Sat. and Sun.
Magnificent Production of the Greatest of All
Rural Dramas,
THE DAIRY FARM
The Charming Romance of Sleepy Hollow.
Overflowing With Genuine American Wit and
Humor.
Special Engagement of the Stars of tha Or-
iginal Cast.
TONT WEST. THEODORE ROOK. SARAH
WARD. HELEN HARTLET.
Who Have Appeared In the Famous Play Over
1000 Times.
DDirCC Evenings 10c to SOo
I nlCC J Matinees 10c. 18c. 2Sar
January V-^MONTE CRISTO.
BID CHBXSTMA8 CTTCTAOZJB,
TBS BSXTTOSrS.
And • Oreat Snow Every A* t«mooc amfl
Evening: In ta« Heated Tneattr.
INTERESTING nABIES IN THE INFANT
INCUBATORS.
Presents from Christmas Tree for All
Children Every Afternoon Dur-
ing the Holidays.
AXATXTUB WIGHT TKXTBS9AT.
Admission. 10c. Children. 5o.
DR PIERCES
GOLDEN
MEDICAL _j
FOR THE __
BLOOD. LIVER. LUNGS;
DT>TTCIIE'C FOR BARBER3. BA-
ijllUorlllO **rs. bootblacks, bath-
v^iwwaiuw bousea. billiard tables,
brewers, bookbinders, candy makers, canners.
dytrs. flour mills, foundries, laundries, paper-
hangers, printers. Dainters. shoe factories,
•tablemen, tar-roofers, tanners, tailors etc
BUCHANAN BROS..
Brush Mannf actnrcrs. 609 Sacramento St.
•"""^V Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
JL _^k O2i) KEAB5T ST. Established
13*il*HK*' 11 1*3-* for the treatment of 1'rtvntx
laN k. Be? Di-wi**-*. l^wt Manhood. Debility or
K«*?£&£ l ira<!i*< > a9-* wearlnjtoii body ami mind ami
SsSSWWH^kln nispafw**. The Doctor cures when
£®l53a352jotherB fail. Try him. Charitm low.
!>«ESxKiS!«'«»re»ra«r«»nt«-cd. CnH or write.
Dr. Jf» V. «IBBO.\, Man Francisco, Cat.
IA/. X. HESS.
Votary Public and Attornty-At-Xair.
Teath Floor. Room 1013. Claus Spreckela bide.
Telephone Main 983.
Residence. 821 California st.. below PowelL
Residence Telephone James 1301. - ¦- ¦ ;
m t /"v H.T 8. and O. Boots and Shot*.
IW I 1 [\ Warranted waterproof. Kor
¦*• X^ X 1 Hunters. Surveyors. Mtn-
A ~J w -t «r». etc. Send for catalog.
AOIIA SHREVE 8. BARBER CO.
**V^*^-^* 738 Mark* St.. 3. T.
Schools and Co//epes*
LEADING BrSINESS COLLEGE OF THB
WEST. 24 Post st.. San FrancUco. Cal-
Established 40 year* Open entir* ywar.
> Write for Illustrated, catalogue (rre«).
I "Jh Pure Cocoa of Undoubted Quality
I and Excellence of Manufacture."
I THAT IS
1 (Mk Dr. Goodfellow, of the London
I Jt4 (Eng.) Technical College, in
I llfe&§ivine some hints concern-
I ing the proper preparation
SI Mm 'of cocoa, says:
1 tmt Tl li ''Start with a pure cocoa of 'indoubtcd
§j fJ|| Vj \ quality and excellence of manufacture,
|jjij| } I I A and which bears the name of a respectable
If -I J / ' -1 fi rm > This point is important, for there
F§1 / / \ II ai e man y cocoas on the market which
ill?r \j_ 1) (/ gjj have been doctored by the addition of al-
kali, starch, malt, kola, hops, etc."
Look for this trade- Examine the package you receive and
mark on every package. make suf^ |nat u Qur tra demark.
Under the decision of the U. S. Courts no other Cocoa
is entitled to be labeled or sold as "Baker's Cocoa."
I Walter Baker ®> Co. Ltd.
established 1780. Dorchester, Mass*
- AMUSEMENTS.
"TiVQU'SSa
MIRTH AND MELODY!
Magnificent Production of the Holiday Spec-
tacle.
IXIO1N'
Or "TEE WHEELMAN."
A Mythological Musical ExtravaKansa In
Three Acts.
See Bothwell Browne's Beautiful BaHets.
SDeclal Matinee New Tear's.
I'SUAt. POPULAR PRICES— 25c. £,oc and 73c
rroscfihlum and" Mezzanine Box Seata tl 00
MATINEE TO-DAT (WEDNESDAY). Dec. 30.
Parquet, any seat. 25c: Balcony. 10c. Chil-
dren, any part except Reserved, 10c.
SECOND and LAST WEEK Ot the
GREAT ORPHEIIYI
ROAD SHOW
CHANGE OF PROGRAMME
And Ausrmented by
Victor— MOORE and LI fTLErlELD — Emma
j In an Amusing and Original Creation.
SPECIAL MATINEE NEW YEAR'S.
ftr^^THB LAUGHING HIT.
ra ARE Funniest n
fl YOU Farce M
N MASON?' Years « B
U Special Matinee New Year's. W
Ed Next— HAPPT HOOLIOAN. 1^
MATINEES
NEW YEAR'S SAY 1 AND SATURDAY.
Immense Success of the Peculiar Comedian,
W. B. PATTON
And His Excellent Company in the Beautiful
Pastoral Play.
THE MINISTER'S SON
Beslnnlns Next Sunday Matinee. '
JOE KELLT. "The Pipe Dreamer," In ,
THE • EAJDWAITERS
PDIf£C EVENINGS 15c. 25c. 50c. 75c
rnivro matinees isc, ssc. ooc
The season's creetings we extend
To our ninny friends so true;
Just make vour haopiness' complete
Ry seeing — ,
"1-Q-U" 1
The excruciatingly funny musical comedy
still delighting thousands.
Evenings 75c, 80c. 23c
Mntlrv.M' Saturday and Sunday SOc, 2Zi!
Special Matm:e New Year's.
NEXT— OUR NEW SHOW,
"THE BEAUTY SHOP"
Racingl^^^Racing!
EVERT WEEK DAT. RAIN OR SHINK.
NEW CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB.
INGLESIDE TRACK
Commencing MON'DAT. December 14.
Six or More, Races Daily.
Races start at 2 p. m. sharp.
Reached by ttreeicar from any part or tha city.
Train leaves Third and Townsend streets at
1:15 p. m. and leaves the track Immediately
after the last race. No amoklnc In last two
car*, which are reserved for Udles and t&tlr
•icorts.
THOMAS H. WILLIAMS. President
PERCT W. TREAT. Secretary.
PfliflfP DON'T FAIL TO
I diaWW 8ee the beautiful
* COURT Lounging
/Hill ro^m. the EMPIRE
aiIU . PARLOR, the
'c J PALM ROOM,jthe
lirfififl louis xv pAr-
U1UUU lor, and the LA-
U - J. 1 DIES' WRITING
Hotels room -The betting on the feather-weight
fight opened some days since with Cor-
Is the Choice Throughout All the
Wagering on the Fight.
CORBETT RULES. FAVORITE.
. The man who lost his life beneath the
wheels of a Kearny street car on
Christmas, day at the corner of Pacific
and Kearny streets was Joseph Falcet
tl, a scavenger, who resided at 609 For
ty-sixth street, Oakland. The identifi
cation was made by Joseph Falcetti, a
brother of . the deceased, from the'ef
fects found on the body.
Identified by Brother.
Drowned in the Bay.
Henry W. Rogers, a sailor, was
drowned in the bay, at Berry and Third
streets, last evening. M. H. Jennings,
c aptain of the'schooner Traveler, heard
a splash alongside his vessel and upon
investigation found Rogers in the wa
ter.' He secured the body, but after
Setting it to the \yharf life was found
to be extinct. The Coroner was notified
and the body removed to the Morgue
by Deputies Meehan and Murphy.
The total receipts of the Corbett-
Hanlon fight were $16,426. Of this
the club gets one-half, minus a bonus
of 7% per cent, which Corbett re
ceived, amountlng^to $615 97. The
boxers divided the purse on a 75 and
25 per cent basis of half the gross re
ceipts. Corbett's winnings. Including
his bonus, amount to $6775 72, Han
lon receives $2053 25 -and the Hayes
Valley Club gets $7597 03.
Boxers Get Snug Sums.
BOSTON. Dec. 29.— After a fifteen
round bout, during seven rounds of
which his opponent landed almost at
will, j Joe Watrott, the colored pugilist,
was given the decision over Larry
Temple <colored) of Stratford, Conn.,
before the Criterion Athletic Club to
night. Close work on the part of both
boxers marked the contest from the
first round, Walcott rushing in at
every opportunity, only to be heavily
countered and to find himself outclassed
at .infighting. In the third round Wal
cott scored a knockdown, which did
little damage. In the seventh round
Temple showed signs of weakening and
Walcott landed both rights and lefts
xepeatedly with telling effect, Temple
receiving severe punishment during
this and the succeeding, rounds.
Joe Walcott Defeats Temple.
Ellis street was Impassable last night
at 6 o'clock when the boxers weighed
In. Corbett was the first to put in an
appearance, arriving twenty minutes
ahead of the appointed time. It was
but the matter of a few moments for
him to doff his street clothes and to
step on the scales for a private weigh
ing. He was apparently a little anx
ious, although he said he left his quar
ters at the Ocean Beach weighing
nearly one pound under the stipulated
figure of 129 pounds.
He had hardly stepped off the scales
when Hanlon entered the room. The
two boys sat off in a corner with their
trainers. There was a discussion as to
when they would enter the ring and the
time was fixed for 9:45 p. m. Both
boxers apparently wanted to enjoy a
substantial dinner before entering the
ring for the added strength it would
give them.
As 6 o'clock approached- the boxers
made ready to weigh officially. Hanlon
was the first on the scales and when
the restraining weight was released the
bar remained stationary. Corbett then
stepped on the scales. The bar trem
bled, but did not raise.
After the boxers had donned their
street clothes Referee Eddie Graney
had a conference with them. He said
that in case it became necessary for
some one to toss up a sponge he would
recognize only Harry Tuthill In Cor
bett's corner arid Harry Foley in Han
lon's corner. Graney said any second
entering the ring during the progress
of the fight would be ejected from, the
building.
Ellis Street Is Thronged With Men
Eager to See Feather- Weights.
BOXERS WEIGH IN HANDILY.
Hanlon recovered quickly en route
home and when he arrived there he
ran up the stairs and greeted his
mother and. sisters affectionately. At
the suggestion of his sister3 Eddie re
tired to his room, but not to sleep.
Many visitors, among them Referee
Graney, called and the little Califor
nian held a levee. He consumed largo
quantities of ict cream and discussed
the fight in all its bearings. He said
he was not suffering and would be
around town to-day.
Harry t Foley was ind'isnant at the
suggestion that he should have
thrown up the sponge before the ref
eree stopped the fight. He said he
did not do so bacause he knew Han
lon was not in danger of permanent
injury.
Hanlon Holds a Levee.
Wagering, was resumed on Monday
with Corbett a 6 to 10 chance. It re
mained strong at this figure throughout
Monday, The odds yesterday morning
were 10 to 5%. During the afternoon
they went to 10 to 5 under heavy com
missions on Corbett from Joe Yeager
and other bookmakers. These were
the prevailing ringside odds.
bett an 8 to 10 chance. These odds pre
vailed until Saturday night, when the
referee was chosen.
SAN MATEO, Dec. 29. — The Reds won
in the polo match to-day by a ecore of
7 to 5. E. E. Ezra of India/ appeared
on the field for the first time and proved
himself a very strong player, making
three of the five goals Bcored by the
Whites. The other two were made by
Dunphy, who, in the^ast period, ex
changed coats with L.2ra ajjd played
with the Whites, after haWng twice
ecored for the Reds in the preceding
periods. Duval scored three goals for
the Reds, Driscoll two and Carolan one.
The game wa^ even better than that
of Sunday, the vigorous sky strokes of
Ezra being a feature. In a confusion
of goals in the fourth period, Driscoll,
playing Red, carried the ball across the
field and scored goal for the Whites.
Discovering his error, he promptly re
peated the performance for his own
side. Following were the sides:
Reds — T. A. Driscoll, L.. McCreery, C.
R. Duval, C. Dunphy. Whites— R. M.
Tobin, F. J. Carolan, E. W. Howard,
E. E. Ezra.
There will be three teams to contest
in the tournament beginning on New
Year's day. whlcji will be played at
Crossways Farm and extend over three
days.
Ezra From India Appears for the
First Time and Distinguishes Him
self by Vigorous Playing.
REDS DEFEAT WHITES
ON THE POLO FIELD
Fifth race, eellinz. mile tnd a quarter —
Ptonewa!! won. Badger second, Glnspray third.
Time. 2:0S.
Sixth race, six furloncs — Inquisitive Girl
wnn, Duncan second, Arthur third. Time,
1:14 1-5.
NEW ORLEANS, Dec. 29— Crescent City
result*: On
Fir?t race, rn!!e and a •ixteenth. eeul*-£ —
Floyd K won. Reckoner second. Medal thlr/^.
Time. 1 .48 3-5.
race, six fur!oncs, selllnjr — Llttl-.
Jack Horner won. Joe Goes second, Travers*
third. T'.me, 1:13 '2-5.
Third race, Fevcn furlonM — Karmakis ¦won.
Exclamation second. Dutiful third. Time,
1 '**S
Fourth race, mil* — De. Reszke won. Myn
he» r second. Monograph third. Time, 1:40 4-5.
Winners at New Orleans.
Corbett is 0 the greatest little
fighter in the world and Eddie
. Ilanion the grittiest, gainest and
finest little fellow living. I ac
tually wept when I went over to ¦
Eddie's corner when I stopped
the battle. I felt so sorry for his
sad plight that I kissed him on
the forehead. His seconds
should never have waited for me
to stop the contest; they should .
have thrown up the sponge. It
was the only humane thins to
do. I stopped the battle to pre
vent a fatality. Hanlon was in
distress and . incapable of pro
tecting himself. Had I been
called upon to give a decision at
any stage of the battle I would
have had to give it to Corbctt,
as lie did the cleanest work. No
one can accuse me of unfairness.
. I gave each lad a fair show nnd
the best man Avon. This fight
vindicates me for calling their
first battle a draw. Corbett won
oh his merits. Hanlon did his
best, but was up against a cham
pion. My only regret is that his
seconds did not throw up the
sponge. Hanlon begged me not
to stop the fight when he went
down in the sixteenth round.—
Referee Eddie M. Grnney, in an
interview. ,
REFEREE GRANEY
SAYS HE ACTED IN
HUMANE MANNER
Otto Floto, sporting editor of the
Denver Post, had a seat close to Cor
bett's corner. Ed Gaylord, a popular
and .wealthy horseman of Denver, had
a swell bet down on the Colorado boy.
Blingum and upper sdciety circles
contributed to the box office receipts
also. Cyril Tobin and Joe Tobin Jr.
were among the number noticed.
Others present were Postmaster-elect
Fisk. J. P. Brinesar, Colonel Kowalski,
Frank Fuller, who thought the sport
quite as invigorating' as automobillng;
Jack Gleason, Bob Eyre, Ben Lathrop,
Colonel Tim Crowley, George Chapman,
manager of the United -Railroads;
Gavin McNab. Sheriff.-elect Curtis, Abe
Ruef, Billy Delaney, trainer of Jeffries;
Dr. Rosencrantz, Jim Smith, in the
years gone by a prominent amateur
boxer; Judge Mogan, Harry Corbett,
Colonel Martin Brady, Phil Crimmins,
M. A. Gunst, John Hammersmith, for
mer leader of the Olympic Club; Benny
•Garson,' who came all the way from
New York to see the scrap; Lee Rosa
Fred Hallen, the well known per
former,, fresh from a successful Aus
tralian season, occupied a ringside seat.
Clarence Kolb of Fischer's, who would
rather witness a "go" than receive noti
fication of his salary being raised, also
got there on time. : Marcus Mayer, the
widely known manager, was another
member of the theatrical profession
present. V ,;
sporting.
Quite a delegation was on hand from
Portland, headed by Jack Grant. Others
in the "push" were Steve Peuter, Nate
Solomon, Sanford Lowengart, Julius
Low, Sol Harris and Abe Hess.
Johnny Considine, a well-known Se
attle sporting and theatrical man, left
the Sound" long enough to see the bat
tle and strung his on the chances of
Corbett. Captain Kane, a well-known
business and racing man, also helped
represent Seattle.
Oakland, the quiet suburban town
just^icross the bay on the further side
of Goat Island and the ferry slips, sent
over a noisy cluster of sports with
Harold Magill and J. Cal Ewing as
promoters. Billy DIxon and several
Supervisors ¦were among the rank and
file that stood for MagiU's tip on the
little North Beach boxer. After the
fight the whole party embarked on a
scow and were due at the foot of
Broadway any time around 5 g. m.
The racetrack contingent turned out
in full force. "Plunger" J Joe Yeager
was reported to have wagered JSOOO on
the chances of Young Corbett. He un
doubtedly did, for placing this small
amount would unnerve him no more
than licking a postage stamp. Among
the other turfmen and bookmakers that
dotted the crowd here and there were
Colonel Letcher, Jake Holtman, Alec
Forbes. Johnny Coleman, "Little Hen
ry" Friesenhausen, Matt Storn, Doc
Hollenbeck, Dick Adams, the great
chum of Champion Jim Jeffries; Frank
Phillips, Joe Rose, Dave Milroy, Lee
Blasingame, Henry Spencer, George
Miller, Frank Daroux, Harry Monahan,
W. M. Rogers. Ed Stutte, Frank Lan
terman, Jay Ransch, "Doc" Riddle, M.
Adkir.s, G. H. Kuhl, manager of Haw
thorne track; James Neil and his son
Frankie, the bantam champion; Milt
J.ones, Sandy McNaughton, Fred Esher,'
Joe ' Harvey, Frank Doss and Jake
Markleinr*
As in previous contests where a
championship was involved sporting
men from many different States were
assembled at the ringside. Among the
local ringgpers were men from every
walk in life, who gave fancy prices for
seats with reckless abandon. ' Many
who would pass a blind man thirty
times a day without thinking of drop
ping a nickel in his tin cup or else
would walk thirteen blocks to save
15 cents when purchasing a shirt,
howled themselves hoarse In $10 seats.
But that all comes under th3 head of
with a serious look on b's face. He
looked In splendid condition and when
asked how he felt he turned to the
newspaper men at the ringside and
said: "I never felt better in my life."
He subsequently changed his position
to the northwest corner and waited pa
tiently for Hanlon to put in an appear
ance.
Ten minutes later Hanlon came from
his dressing room and a tremendous
Fhout went up from the spectators.
"Cute" Eddie was followed by his sec
onds — Harry Foley. Fred Landers, Toby
Irwln and Ted Wolfe. He wore his pink
and green sweater and smiled broadly
at Corbett. Corbett sprang up and both
men met in the center of the ring and
shook hands.
Eddie Graney, the "little horseshoer,"
who refereed the battle, entered the
ring looking spick and span in a Tux
edo and a wide expanse of shirt bosom.
"Billy" Jordan took the gloves over
to Lieutenant of Police Kelly for in
spection and then handed a pair to each
of the fighters. Preparations for the
contest were then made. Announcer
Jordan presented Hanlon to the crowd
and there was a-great cheer for him.
Eddie had green trunks and wore & rib
boned belt around his waist. He look
ed in perfect ¦"ondition. Jordan an
nounced Corbett as the "pride of Den
ver and the champion of the world,"
and there was more cheering.
Challenges were read from Terry Mc-
Govern, who expressed a willingness to
meet Hanlon, and from other lesser
lights willing to meet the victor.
"This will be a twenty-round *go, f "
yelled Jordan, "and they will fight
straight Marquis of Queensberry rules,
break by the order of the referee and
protect themselves in the breakaway.
Let *er ko!"
The bell clanged and the two feather
weights strode to the center of the ring,
and the fight was on.
YOUNQ CORBETT, THE WORLD'S FEATHER-WEIGHT CHAMPION BOXER,- WHO ABLY DEFENDED HIS TI
TLE LAST NIGHT IN- A DESPERATE SIXTEEN-ROUND BATTLE WITH EDDIE HANLON AT MECHAN
ICS' PAVILION, WHICH WAS FINALLY STOPPED BY REFEREE EDDIE GRANEY.
It was 9:30 o'clock when Corbett put
in an appearance. He was first to move
toward the ring and a hearty cheer
marked his progress. The little cham
pion was followed by Harry Tuthill,
Tim McGrath, Billy Otts and George
Sanfransen. He was attired in a blue
avid white sweater and wore bandages
on his hands. On entering the ring: he
took the northeast corner and sat there
BOXERS ENTER THE RING.
Round after round the two great lit
tle fighters stood in the center of the
ring like two monarchs of the forest
which had locked horns and were bat
tling tp the death. With heads to
gether they stood and tried all they
knew to land a decisive blow. Corbett
was much the cleverer of the pair and
his blows proved the more effective.
Hanlon showed marked improvement
over his previous fights and gave Cor
bett some unpleasant moments. In the
seventh round Hanlon caught Corbett
a right swing on the head. It was a
little pop blow, which seemed to have
no force, but Corbett went to the mat
on his back. He was up in an instant,
but the blow had apparently rattled
him. Hanlon saw this and went in to
take advantage of It, but the round
ended before he could accomplish any
thing.
Hanlon made his big tactical mistake
in the eighth round. He was compara
tively fresh, and, instead of rushing in
to take all possible advantage of Cor
bett's condition, he started slowly and
gave his opponent a needed chance to
collect his scattered senses. It was
thought he should have put his fortunes
to the test then and there, and what
the outcome would have been no one
can say.
Hanlon went down for the second
time in the sixteenth round and Referee
Graney then stopped the afTiir. Han
lon vomited blood when taken to his
corner and showed other signs of ex
treme physical distress. He was car
ried from the ring and was removed
at once to his home. He was badly
cut about the' face. It is doubtful if
he will ever be able to fngnge In an
other big battle.
Corbett showed neither cuts nor
bruises. His nose bled a little at times,
but this did not dlstaess him.
Corbett was merciful to his lion
hearted opponent and wanted the fight
stopped when he saw Hanlon was no
longer able to defend himself. The
spectators near Hanlon's corner urged
Harry Foley, his chief second, to toss
up the sponge. This was not done, the
Californian apparently hoping to land
one blow which might turn the tide of
battle in his favor.
HANLON KNOCKED DOWN.
Young Corbett of Denver successfully
defended his title of feather-weight
champion boxer oi.' the world in Me
chanics* Pavilion last night, stopping
Eddie Hanlon, the. challenger for the
title, in the sixteenth round of their
fight.
' Hanlon was not knocked • out, but
Referee Eddie Graney humanely
stopped the contest when all .nance for
a victory for the Californian had van
ished. To have permitted It to go fur
ther was only courting a possible trag
edy. The fight will go down in ring
history as one of the most stubbornly
contested ever seen here between men
Qf any weight.
The spectators w*?o filled every nook
and cranny of the uig building did not
know which to admire most. Corbett's
cleverness and consummate skill as a
ring general or Hanlon's aggressiveness
and gameress. The Californian took
an incredible amount of punishment.
Corbett's blows seemed shot from a
rapid-fire gun and few of them missed
their mark. With all this- it was not
juntil the last three rounds that Harjon
Showed any signs of weakening.
''The blow 'which practically decided
the sensational contest was a wicked
right to the body which Hanlon re
ceived in the thirteenth round. Just
before this Corbett had unerringly
sent right and lef \o the head. These
staggered Hanlon and it was'then Cor
bett sent in his right. Behind it was
all the force the network of muscles in
his shoulders could develop. All the
fight seemed takei, out of Hanlon in
that instant and when he went to his
corner his sturdy legs were wobbly.
The minute's rest was all f»o Bhort for
him to recuperate and there was a
strained look in his face.
Corbett caught him some Bharp jolts
to the head. To the surprise of the
spectators Hanlon landed two wild
swings to the head and staggered Cor
bett. The latter sent tvo lefts to the
'ead which knocked Hanlon down, for
the first time in his ring career.
Hanlon was groggy when he stood
up and Corbett went in to end mat
ters. He landed hard rights «o the
head repeatedly, forcing Harjon to the
ropes, where he stood absolutely de
fenseless. Corbett 'tried all the blows
he knew but the game and rugged
youth in front of him would not suc
cumb. Corbett did not want to punish
Hanlon unnecessarily and Jn the next
round he begged to have the unequal
contest stopped. He merely Jabbed
who was still flgt'Ttog back at
[every opportunity.
Weights -for the Pasadena handicap, for two
•ear-oid* and upward. $12T>0 added, one AjVle
ud a furlong, to b* run Friday. JariSrSry
!, 10CM: Jiirretif-re d'Or 09. Alamansor 00,
jYMpe Luco V»2, Instructor 05. I Know 102.
Ki-st'r !*». Even G 110. Mosketo 02. Haviland
K>4. L«mro 1«>. Galba 1*2. Orfeo 08. Bra«i» 113,
• •lTudf- 122. OrMna 102. Mezzo OS. Gle Vice 03.
El wood J»<>, Nitrate 100. Fedlng IJleht 'JO.
MacGyle DS. Beau Ormonde 113, M. V. Tarpey
1<>;< rjuponi 100. Hnratlus 107, Curm:» 90, Our
Hessie 10t>, Geheimne*s W), Buccleuth &S. Sid
ney C. Love 109. Byron Rose 105, Examiner
103 Hi* Eminence 102. Eonic 110, Grail &7.
race, seven furlongs— E. M. Brattain.
K5 <Birkenru'.rl. 7 to 2. won: Rag Tag. 10$
I.I* Spencer). 3 to 1. second: Best Man, 110 (J.
Reiff). J» to 5. third. Time. 1 :28W. Fustian
and The Colciftnder also ran.
Third race, one and one-sixteenth miles,
handicap — Mezzo. 94 <E. Walsh), T to 1. won;
M. K. Tarpey. 10." <Knapp), *.) to 1, second;
Nitrate, lftJ i Redfern). ." to 2, third. /-S)mc,
1 M«i l ». Warte Nlcht also ran. \£J
Fourth race. t-'lauson course^ — Americano,
1-14 <Knapp>, 3 to 1, won: Princess Tltania. IIS
fBJrker.ruth). 7 to 5. pecond; GolJen Mineral,
SO <I>. Ppenrer), 7 to 1. third. Time. l:10'i.
Strife. Pat Bu!for and Elwoou also ran.
Fifth race, mil*; and seventy yards, sell
ing — Henry C!ay Rye. 110 «Mounta!n). 8 to 1,
•?<»: Jim Hale. 112 <T. OBrten). « to 5. eec
<md; An\U. US »B.. lx>wis), 8 to 1, third.
Time. l:47 1 j. OazaJero, Rio Shannon and
Frank McKee nl«o ran.
Second race, six furlongs, selling — Eugenie
B. 100 «J. Booker), 7 to R. won; Durbar, 10^
iKnapp). 4 to 1. eecond; Metlakatla. 104 iBlr
kenruth). 12 to I. third. Time. 1:1.'>U. Sweet
Tone, Annie Robinson, Pat Harernon and Ros»
srric also ran.
First race, six and a half furlotfgs. selling —
OalanthUF. 1CT <Buxtcn). 5 to 1. won; Iras. 101
<Knapr>). » to 1. second: Pilot. 107 (Phillip).
15 to 1. third. Time. 1 :22i±. Dr. Worth. An
• irattus, CongT, Waehusett and Sir Hugh also
ran.
Sir Hugh, the odds-on favorite in
the first race, crossed himself and fell
at the head of the stretch. Redfern.
his jockcv, escaped injury. Schreiber's
Eugenie B was the only favorite^hat
gladdened the form-players. Jlrizo,
with E. Walsh up, took the mile and
a sixteenth from M. F. Tarpey by a
very narrov.- margin. E. J. Baldwin's
stable scored the first winrojjj bracket
with Americano, which ouffooted his
iield all the way. Weather perfect;
track good. Results: --
longs. Best Man was made favorite,
but every horse in the raceQ/as the
medium of plunges by the bijj bettors.
Fustian was played heavily, as
Rag Tag:, The Goldfinder and E. M.
Brattain. The small bettors stuck to
Brattain and he won by a head from
Rag Tag after leading all the W2.y.
Best Man was beaten a neck for the
place.
LOS AXGELES, Dec. 29.— Only one
favorite came home in front to-day and
as a result the eleven books quit with
a good balance on the right siue. The
biegest betting race of th» day was
th» last one <?n the card at srven^ur-
Brattain Beats Rajr Tag: by a
Head in the Seven-Furlong
Feature of the Day's Gird
BIG BETS ONXAST EVENT
Lone Favorite Wins in the
Races at the Track in
the City of Los,._,A'n£eles
HORSES RON
FOR THE BOOKS
CORBETT PRAISES
HANLON FOR HIS
GREAT GAMENESS
He is the greatest boy I ever
fought nnd I am glad the crowd
stuck by him to the end. I
begged them to stop the battle,
as I was afraid jl might hurt
him. In the lastAwo rounds he
was actually lighting me with
his eyes closed. He did not
know what he was doing. I was
never in Better condition in ray
life. I Linlon knocked me down
C fairly and squarely with a right
hand swing. It did not hurt me,
as I got right up. Xo punch he
delivered bothered me. Hanlon
v can beat lots of tighten?. Jimmy
Britt has issued n challenge to
me. - Ills 'brother ©aid he was
willing to fight Hanlon .It
129 pounds and I am willing
to meet him at the same weight.
Give Hanlon all the <L>dit t be
cause lie is a game fellow and a
clean and gentlemanly fighter.
I think Eddie Graney the pre
mier referee of the world. My
condition was perfect and my
hands were never hurt in a bat
tle. — Young Corbett, in an inter
slew.
Defeats Eddie Hanlon
After Desperately
Fought Battle.
Referee Eddie Graney
Stops Fight in Six
teenth Round.
YOUNG CORBETT IS STILL KING OF THE FEATHERWEIGHTS
Cleverness of Victor and
Gameness of Loser .
Are Admired.
Great Throng at Ringside
Includes Men In All
Walks of Life.
SHARP WORDS
ENLIVEN POLO
Francis Carolan and Lawrence
3IcCreery Indulge in Some
Heated Remarks on the Field
RIDERS" ALMOST UNSEATED
?— —
Spectators Viewing: the Game
at Bnrliugame Hear a Clash
of Wrath-Kindled Gentlemen
HANLON IS SORRY
HIS FEIEXDS LOST
COIN BET ON HIM
There is no use trying to make
excuses. Corbett beat me and
proved himself a better man
than I am. The punch I got in
the stomach did the trick. It
made me sick and bothered me
greatly. Many of his most ter
rific swings were blocked by me.
He is the toughest fellow I ever
fought. I tried hard to win and
I am awfully sorry that ray
friends lost their money betting
on me. I dhl my best to win.
My condition was of the best.
The weight bothered me a little,
but not very greatly. Corbett is
the best man I ever fought, lie
cap punch awfully hard with
either hand. I proved to-night
that I am not a quitter. I did
not want the fight stopped, as I
always thought I had a chance.
Corbett fought faster and better
this time than at our former
meeting. The referee acted
squarely and I have nothing to
say. I was beaten and by a bet
ter man. — Eddie Hanlon, in an
interview.
of Los Angeles, Dr. Dunn, "Tiv" Krel
ing of 'Dawson and James E. Britt.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN MATEO, Dec. 23. — The victory
of the Keds in the polo match to-day
by a score of 7 to 5 was as nothing to
the sensation furnished when Franci3
J. Carolan for the second time within
a week rode into Lawrence McCreery.
Both riders were in imminent danger
of being unseated.
The first incident of this sort was
during a practice game last v%eek and
was considered merely an awkward ac
cident. When it occurred a«iain to
day McCreery evidently felt aggrieved
and shouted to Carolan:
"You're getting too fresh. Frank, and
if this continues I shall hold you to
account for it."
"You can hold me to account for it
now if you wish," ' Carolan shouted
back, protesting that It was an ac
cident, and adding after more crossfire:
•If I were trying to kill you I could
do it easily enough."
Both men were angry and their words
were easily heard across the "eld.
had lashed out and caught Corbett clean on th«
point of the Jaw and floored him. When tha
gong sounded both men we-e fighting furiously.
Round Eight.
Corbett was more careful and the tmlle hac
gone from his face. He mixed it, howe\er.
and chipped a right to the heal and followed
It with a left to the face. Hanlon followed
him around the ring, sending straight left to
the face and a right to the Jaw that stag
gered Ccrbett. Corbett swung wildly and got
another left on the jaw from Hanlon that hurt
him. Corbott got in a le't «w:ns on the Jaw.
Hanlcn backed Corbett to tha ropes and *t a
.lerce mix Corbett put several hard left* to
the face with force enough to knock out an
ordinary fighter, but Hanlon only smiled, "an-
Ion put in a UTrinc left to ?he body at tha
close of the round.
Round Nine.
When '"orbctt came up he commenced swing
ing, but -was wild. F.naiiy Hanlon backed him
against the ropes. Corbett then landed with
great force v.itn right and left swings on <.an
ion's jaw. bu'" they only made Hanlon light
back harder.
Some mixv.ps were followed by a hard left
swing in the Califorulan's jaw. The champlcn
tried right and ieit swings, but bcth wero
blocked. Another vicicua right for tl.j Jaw
was blocked. Finally Corbett succeeded in get
ting tha right to Hanlon. -f chin and misled
another try. Hanlon blocked a hard rignt
Ewing lor the face and then got inside of light
and left swings for the body. Edilie put *
light lett to the face and they went to a clinch.
Ccrbett get In a terr:tic right uynercnt to tha
chin, which only made Hanlon the more vi
cious. '
The fighting during this round was not so
fast, exctn at the ciuse. wi..n Corbett landed
his terrific uprercut to the chin. Hanlon had
enormous capacity for taking punishment and
blows that doubtless woukl knock out an ordi
nary man mereiy stags^reJ him and made him
fight all the harder.
i;o\tnd Ten.
Round Eleven.
Corbett missed «J. fierce right upper cut for
the Jaw. a moment later he sent a right
upper cut to the chin and they hunz to K*cn
ether. Cotii mm began talking to one an
other anil Hanlon waded in with rights and
lefts for the head, but was blocked. In tha
breakaway both exchanged rlsht3 and lefts
to the lace. Corbett slanted hi* left to th»
face and followed with a right uppercut for
the Jaw. Hanlon sent Corbe i bacX with
right high en the head that did no damage.
Kii.li'- 1 missed a risrht swine fcr the head and
blocked a right uppercut. In a clinch Hanion
put In a lett hard to the stomach and the
geng rang.
Marion wzs snort witn le:* ror the Jaw.
Corbatt then sent straight let t to the stom
ach. Th?y clinched and both mlss»d vicious
rights lor the Jaw. Hanlon caught Corbett
with • ..right swing to the- jaw and followed It
with Another to the same place. Hanlon got
in two straight left Jabs to the face. Hanlon
row doing the leading. Corbett ssnt right to
the face and Eddie retaliated with a left hard
on the Jaw. Corbett was leaning against Han
lon. coming up with short left swings on Han
lon'3 jaw. Hanlon then got In a right swing
to tho jaw. Corbett's rlr-.t went around Ed
die's h?ad. Ccrbett then staggered Hanlon with
right tnd left to the Jaw. They were leaning
shoulder to shoulder, both peppering away at
the face ar.d stomach, with Corbett apparently
ha-!ng the advantage. The blow* that Cor
ben has landed on Hanlon's jaw would have
finished the fight long ago with any boxer
of mediocre quality.
Round Twelve.
They rushed into a clinch. Both seemed
fond of ln-fightlng. Hanlon got in a left upper
cut and followed It with risht and left to th«
face. Corbett did not leaf his h;ad and fought
back viciously. He missed a terrific straight
left for the body and two terrific left and right
swings also went wild. Corbett then landed
a hard rleht on the jaw. for which Eddie re
buked h!m with a hard rtsht to th» ear and
a left to the face. Corbett received a terrific
right uppercut en the stomach, which mads
him look sick. He stalled, however, and pro
tected himself from further harm. Corbett
appeared a bit tired at the end. with Haalon
doing all the forcing. It was Hanlon's round.
Round Thirteen.
The> rushed Into a mix-up and in the
breakaway Corbett landed a right overhajid
swing on the jaw. He then missed » hard
left for the Jaw and they mixed It. Corbeti
putting left and right to the Jaw. Corbett
sent In a hard left to the Jaw. They. mixed
It. both swinging and landing with right an 1
left They stood shoulder to shoulder, both
fighting like demons. both landing hard
rights to the jaw. Corbett sent left and
right to "the Jaw and right to the stomach.
Hanlon looked groggy for the first time, and
wobbled a bit. Corbett kept after Hanlon 'and
they still fought close together, Hanlon hang
ing on.
Thl3 was decidedly Corbetfs round. Ha
stood with his hoad against Hanlcn's breast,
swinging left to the stomach and right to th«
Jaw. Hanlon tried to fight back, but hu
blows lacked force. If Corbett could hava
got him to stand back he would undoubtedly
have knocked him out.
Round Fourteen.
They assumed same tactics, Corbett putties
Continued on Page 12, Column 1.
LADS BATTLE GAMELY.
Description of Fight by Rounds as
Seen at Ringside.
Following is a description of the
fight by rounds, as viewed by an ex
pert at the ringside:
Round One.
Corbett tried several times to penetrate
Hanlon's guard with right and left swings,
but failed to get under Hanlon* peculiar de
fense, finally he got in a right to the no-e.
a right to the stomach and two lefts to the
face. Corbett kept pegging away relent
lessly and forced Eddie to cover. Corbett got
in a straight left to the body aa they mix^d
it. . Hanlon was mostly on the defensive. In
a mlx-up Hanlon drove his risjht twice to the
body and followed it with a right to the jaw.
Hanlon missed a left acd then sent a righl to
the face. Corbett .stood up to htm ana jab
bed with left and' right to the face. Eddie
then sent a hard left to the stomach. As the
round closed both swung rights and lefts imc
the face. Corbett did most of the leading,
poking straight lofts for the face and right
uppercuts. but Hanlon did the effective work
In the breakaways. There was no damage.
Hound Two.
Hanlon swung left and right for the face,
but Corbett put in two straight lefts to the
face. Corbett put left to the face and Han
lon missed a hard right swing for the head.
Corbett bored in. pegging away at Hanlon's
face with lefts, landing several light blows.
Ccrbett put in a. terrific rlgnt under Han
lon's heart, which rattled ami hurt Hanton.
who fought back wildly. Hanlon accused
Corbclt of hanging en. Hanlon swung right
and left to the jaw, forcing the champion to
the ropes. He then sent a straight right to
the face but Corbett fought back vicicu3ly,
forcing 'the Calliornian to a clinch, 'men
followed come desultory sparring. Hanlon
made a much better showing In this round,
landing several good lefts. The right that
Corbttt landed on Eddie early In the round
feazed Hanlon but momentarily. Corbett's
straight left» and uppercuta did not seem to
do much damage.
Round Three.
Corbett tried with left several times for the
face, but could not~get In. He straightened
Hanlon with a right uppercut and they mixed
It viciously, both landing good lefts to the
face. Corbett sent a straight right to the
face and Eddie's r.ose began to bieed. Corbet:
uppercut with right twice to the face. Cor
bett missed a vicious right uppercut for the
face and a moment later sent three rights to
the face, ear and Jaw. Eddie bored in and
Corbett sent a right uppercut to the chin and
a hard swing to the ear. In-flghtlng followed
without result. Corbett planted right and
left on Hanlon's face as the bell rang. It
was Corbett's round. He landed Innumerab e
right uppercuts to the face and head and left
jabs to the face. Hanlon did comparatively
nothing in this round. Corbett protecting him
self very well. The pace was very fast.
Round Four.
Corbett came up smiling and proceeded to
jab at Honlon's face. They fought fiercely
in a mix-up, both landing left* and rights to
the body. Hanlon planted his right to the
kidneys. The champion appeared to b» slow
ing down a bit. He sent In a right quick as
a flash to Eddie's face and foliowed it quickly
with a hard right to the ear. Corbett s*-nt
light straight left to the face and protected
himself cleverly from a return. Corbett
ducked a vicious right swing and gave Eddie
a smart rap with right to the Jaw. Corbett
missed right swing and Hanlon drove a hard
left to the body. In-flghtlng followed, Cor
bett protecting himself. Corbett rushed as th&
round closed, but failed to land.
Round Five.
Both missed lefts fcr the face and Corbett
swung right to the Jaw. Hanlon retaliated
with a right uppercut to the Jaw. Both swung
hard with rights, neither landing. In a mix
up, Corbet*, uppercut right to the body. In
the breakaway Hanlon landed hard right on
the head. Corbett then sent Eddie back tci
the ropes with a clean right to the jaw. re
marking, 'How do you like that?" Hanlon
got In a right uppercut to the body.
struck very low and was warned by the ret
ereo to be careful. Both missed several straight
lefts and they came to a clinch, Hanlon having
the better of it. They hung on. and as the
gong rang both landed rights to the Jaw. Cor
bett appeared to be willing to take a blow In
order to land one on his opponent. No special
harm was done to either man. The pace con
tinued very fast.
Round Six.
Ccrbett tried with left fcr the head thrice,
but was blocked. Both men are doing consid
erable talking. Hanlon stopped the cham
pion's chattering with a succession of rights
and lefts to the jaw, aad complained to the
refe-ee that Corbett was holding. Furious In
fighting followed. Hanlon doing the better
work. Hanlon landed right and left In thia
mix-up Corbett continues to talk to Hanlon,
nchting at the same time. Corbett missed a
right for the head and larded another hard
right swlnc on the tack of the head, Hanlon
sinillnjr. A mlx-up followed, but no damage
»esulted. Corbett arrarently anxious to mix
It at all times, but Hanlon went after him
with right and left on Corbett's anatomy.
\fter flndine that the Eenver boy was willing
to meet him more than half way. Hanlon would
let go .and the slugging would stop.
Round Seven.
Corbett began talking at once and Eddie put
left to the face. Corbett countered with hard
right kwIhb to the ear. Both men gave re
markable exhibition of blocking and protect
ing themselves. Graney once more cautioned
Corbett for hitting low. Corbett then get In, a
gcod right to the head and followed it up with
two lefts to the ear. In a mix Corbett swung
r!ght and left to the head and evaded Han-
Ion's attempts to counter. Hanlon put two
short arm lefts to the face and swinging hard
with left *ent the chamDion to the floor. He
got up Instantly and fought back hard. Hanlon
sending right and left to the head. Hanlon
THE I SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY. DECEMBER 30, 1903.
10
ADVERTISEMENTS, i
HAVANA CIGARSTriplicate mirrors, standing mirrors
and toilet sets. Beautiful and inexpen
sive New . Year's, presents. San born
Vail.& Co. '?.-¦--,; v •
Mary H. Grim was granted judg
ment yesterday by Judge Hebbard
against the National Union, -a bene
ficial order, . for $5000, with ' interest
amounting to $1710 GO. The judgment
was granted on an insurance policy,
held by the plaintiff in the above or
der. Her husband, who was a mem
ber of the National Union, died Jan
uary 3,. 1899. The beneficial order re
fused to pay his widow the $5000 com
ing to her on the policy which he had
taken out. The order claimed at the
time that sufficient proof of Grim's
demise was not given them to warrant
the paying of the amount prescribed in
the policy. Mra. Grim "paid the dues
each month after her husband's death
to prevent her Claim becoming invalid..
Sufficient proof- w ; as produced and the
court granted the woman the full
amount of the policy, with interest and
$294 80 excess dues paid by her.
Gets Judgment for $7000.
It was agreed by the officials named
that the work of putting Chinatown in
a panitary condition has satisfactorily
progressed and that it is advisable to
continue the same. It was the general
opinion that the district has never in
its history been as clean as it is now
and so free from disease. It is ex
pected that the work will be carried
to. completion during part ¦• of next
year. . ¦ : \ - .
There was a conference of the Fed
eral, State and city health officials
with Mayor Schmitz in the latter's of
fice yesterday for the purpose of con
sidering the progress of the work rela
tive to the cleaning ; of Chinatown,
which has been under way for several
months. There were present, besides
the Mayor, Dr. Foster, secretary of the
State Board of Health; Dr. Blue of
the United States Marine Hospital Ser
vice and Secretary Emery of the local
Board of Health*^. ".; r
Federal, State and City Authorities
Agree That District Is in Sani
fary Condition.
Emperor Mutsuhlto of Japan has
caused the editors of the Almanach de
Gotha to be approached with a view to
securing the inclusion of his name and
of his house in part 1 of the publica-
f — - in question among the other
sovereign families of civilized coun
tries. Both he and hi3 Government
resent the fact that whereas the Turk
ish Sultan should find a place in part
1, along with the monarchs of Ger
many, 'Russia, Italy. ~. !ngland, Austro-
Hungary, etc., the. Emperor of Japan
should be relegated to the tail end of
the work, with the Emperor of China,
the Shah of Persia and other,poten
tates of Asia and Africa, whom he ra
gards as immeasurably inferior : to
himself in point of civilization and en
lightenment. The Mikado seems, to
feel that this exclusion from the list
of sovereigns in part 1 of the Alma
nach de Gotha has something to do
with the failure of European courts to
treat him on the same footing as them
selves—notably as regards the matter
of court "mourning and messages of
congratulation and of condolence on the
occasion , of births, marriarges and
deaths, respectively. — Baltimore Amer
icun.. . ,
Ambition of<thc Mikado.
HEALTH OFFICERS CONFER
ON CHINATOWN CLEANIXG
Treasurer McDougald Personally
I Turns Over Sum of $1,5G9,4GS
to the State.
City Treasurer McDougald yester
day - shipped to Sacramento $1,569,
468, the balance due the State after
holding" out the sum of $723,192 06
for.the city school purposes."
The total amount of taxes collected
was $2,140,208 03 and there was a
balance due the State of $153,452 03
on last year's schowt apportionment.
CITY SII|PS X LARGE
.'AMOUNT TO SACRAMENTO
"That poet says he worships truth
and truth alone," said the impression
able Kir!. . -^
"And . yet," rejoined Miss Cayenne
pensiveiy, "he gets angry at what the
critics say about his work." — (Washing
ton Star.
First rac« — Standard, Hilary, Pirst
Chip.
Second race — Rockaway, Jadg-e, So
lanus.
Third race— Mountebank, Velma Clark
Atwood.
- Fourth race — Caronal, Arthur Bay
Step Around. '
TUth race — Xridiu*, KenUworth, San
Nicholas.
Sixth race^ — Ebony, Celebrant, Avenger.
PEOB AEL E WIXraEBS.
Possible. *
The creditors of Sproat Bros, who
had filed attachments agreed yester*
day to release them and let the orig
inal bill of sale stand. This action
was taken preliminary to selling out
the business as soon as possible.
Another meeting of the creditors
will be held to-day. It is possible, so
say some of the creditors, that crim
inal proceedings will be instituted.
William ClufI said last evening: "On
no conditions will a cash settlement
be accepted from the- Sproats."
The creditors will get very little out
of the wreck.
Move Is Preliminary to Selllns Out
the Business as Soon as
The Board of Public Works yester
day held a hearing regarding the pro
posed grade changes in the Byfield
tract affecting I, J and K streets and
Parnassus and' Serpentine avenues.
Professors Soule and Prouty # repre
senting the university regents, op
posed the change of grades, claiming
that it would damage the property of
the Affllfated Colleges. Mrs. Dr. Mer
ritt and J. C. McKinstry also protested
against the change on the ground that
it would damage the property belong
ing -to the Sutro estate without any
corresponding benefits.
They contended that the change
would only benefit the property of the
City Realty Company, which had pe
titioned that the work be done. The
board decided to postpone action until
next Saturday. In the meantime in
terested parties will confer with the
City Engineer to see if come amic
able adjustment of the* matter may
be made. t
Board of Works Postpones Action on
Petition So Interested Parties
3Iay Adjust Matter.
OPPOSE GRADE CHANGES
IN THE BYFIELD TRACT
SPROATS* CREDITORS
AVTTHDRAW ATTACHMENTS
During the fiscal year ended June
30, 1903. the volume of business in
Mr. Woodworth's office — that is, the
number of cases disposed of— trebled,
notwithstanding th .t the collections
fell below those of 1901-1302.
High praise is • accorded United
States District Attorney Woodworth
in the report of the Solicitor General
of the Treasury for .the fiscal year
ended June 30, 1903, a copy of which
reached Mr. Woodworth's office yes
terday. . -.
In the report Minnesota heads
the list for the year, the United
States District Attorney's office hav
ing: collected $34,000 in fines, forfeit
ures and penalties in cases wherein
the United States was plaintiff. The
Northern District of California, Mr.
Woodworth's office, stands second,
with $29,000 collected. During the
fiscal year 1901-1902 Mr. Woodworth
collected $70,000. The Seventh Dis
trict of New. York comes third, with
$28,000.
His Office Stands Second on the List
In the Report of the Treas
ury Solicitor.
UNITED STATES ATTORNEY
WOODWORTH IS PRAISED
as to whether or not he would then
go. Under the terms Holtman further
stipulated that $3000 was to be naid
down on February 1, 52000 more on the
opening day and the balance in weekly
pro rata paj'ments. From St. Louis
advices President Carmody jumped at
the terms and has; wired Holtman that
a check for the first payment has been
mailed to him.
The weights for the New Year's han
dicap at one and an eighth mile3 to be
run at Inglesjde Friday have been an
nounced. The purse will be valued at
more than $3000. Following are the |
weights: •¦¦-;• ,
Claude ...123tSolon ! 101
Projifr 123 Jarretiere d'Or loO
Nones 122'Joe Lesser... 100
Fh.»t Gun :12_| Rosarie 100
Dr. Long 12_;Barklyite 100
Oarsman llOErrehee 100
Argregor 119ILeader 100 |
Dr. Boyle lis!lncu_ator 10O
Cur.ard 117 Eonic 100
KeniUvorth liqDiderot 93
Fossil 114'Lord Melbourne 30
Corriyan 114!Caronal 00
Lucien Appleby 114|Frarik Woods 'M
Ben MaoDhui 113! Byron Rose !»_
Beau Ormonde ll_|Modicum OS
Hcniton llllCallban i. 38
Albula llOForest King 08
Faulronbrldge 100! Allopath 03
Olympian 10. Ink -93
Sidney C. Ix)ve. . . . .lCVEsherln ........98
F^rHPB* 10« Illowaho 98
Epicure 1OH Toledo 97
Divina , 10S I'irateer !I7
Jack de Mund 107,Watereure 97
Royal Ro^ue 107Fvturita 97
His Eminence lO'lHuntressa 90
The Giver 100 Jockey Club 96
Evea G lOCjColonel Van 90
Arabo : 106 Grail 30
Horatlus .lOCJMarchmont 35
Rrhwalbe 10'ijlshtar 95
Mansard lOfijRqpe of May , !>5
Arcade 105'Harry Beck '.95
Whisky Kin» 1O."> Rockaway 03
Thane 105|Nlgrette 83
Major Tenny '. ..105;Dr. Rowell 02
Crimean 1C5 Colonel Bogey...... .2
Hcrton 1M Ebony •:.... 91
O'llagen lWjLacy Crawford 90
Dairy Green 104 Atlantlco .:... SK>
Yellow Tail 101 Estoy.Llrto 90
Carat 104 Felipo Luro ttO
Hermtijcla 103 El Bernardo .... «0
Dainty 1 03 iWeather Gauge 00
Eda Rllf-y 1C.5 Andinas ...; 90
The Major 10:;JPresldio 90
Grafter KC Padua 90
Alfredo 101 AvcnsT »O
Hinsdale lOllPlay Ball 85
ENTRIES FOR TO-DAY.
First race. Futurity course, for all ages,
sellln™'
n5.-?8~Oro Viva (Ward & King) 103
B5SS Bee Roeewater (Nichols) 105
1 I55f>i Hilary (Piedmont Stable) ....1CS
BB24 *Troy (Gilbert) 103
5434 Miss Vera (Lynch) 108
5475 •Florlana Belle (Miller) 88r
f.504 Honeyjwckle (Frisco Stable) 105
6M7 Standard (De Arman) 03
5512 First Chip (Crandall) 108
Hfi2No Friend (Stover) 105
B548'*Mary Dunn (Bender) SS
MS9 'Toltec (University Sta*le) 8S
&5C4 Yellowstone (Fine) Ill
MS0 Tht Hawaiian (Figaro Stable) 88
; Serond, race,' three-quarters of a mile, two
year-olds, purse : - -
n5a"> Rockaway (Burns & Waterhouse) 118
"55?.5-Otto Stlfel (FchrHber) i 114
6452 Whoa Bill :(Bpp!neer) ......10S
. . , Creole itm mart) las
5535 I»rd W»dsworth . (Ferjruson) ill
.-553?» Bolanu_( Jennings & Co.) 10S
(Daly) 118
6547 Anirad (Coffpy) 105
Third race. Futurity course, all ages, selling:
<5524>Mountebank (Keating & Co.) Ill
A'MXT Planet (Parker & Thwaites) OJ
.... Torn Kinsley (Bonsack) 10S
5548 'Lurene (Prltchard) 1(«
.... Homily (Baker) V. 108
rr S n-^-nu* 0 ?* one mlle - two-year-olds, Belling
r.r.O, 'Thnnk Haven (Clark) .05
V'rU #I _ e(1 Cr0Ffl Xurse (McBrown).. ,.'.'.'". 95
Mof) Cheeny (De Arman) / ini
5562 Avenger (Schorr) ixj
5862 Instructor (Boots & Hollenbecit) ift«
(047(i)Ebony (Hamlltfn Stable) 1^
mJI Cel-brant (Jennings &, Co.) ... . "'in. 1 ;
•Apprentice allowance.
J e l n l^uc4f and a . half furIon^ for «»
r>405 Iridlun (Jennings & Co ) ... 117
(f.M7)Kenil worth (Stover)'..' '. \i>-
S22 San Nf^olai* (Burns & Waterhou.ei'.'.im
5K37 Dolly Hnyman (MoLemorc) ... 103
4.6. J. H Bennett (Blaslngame) "'loo
Fourth race, mile and seventy yards, threa
year-olds and upward, celling:
VW?A * Arthur Ra >' <Clayton) ......... 1( y>
5.-VJ9 Expedient (Smith) JnT
0..5S Tonopah (Schlff) V?,
•vV{« Lunar (McLcmore) «<i
££_ ??' Morr '"ey (Wellman) ..[]][] l[[" y\
R538 'Step Around (Devine) t]
5486 •Dotterel (O'Rourke) Ho
5-Otf 'Lapidus (Daly) SV
(5.V,(i)El Oriente (Spiers) .
5504 El Fonse (Fink) .....:...
rrC'. 1 , u^ ar (Klnnder & Burns) .'.'.'.'.'. 107
r5L l Carona ' (Ohappelle) ..... oi
5508 Dider-t fAtkln)
5548 Effervescence (Coffey) n->
.'.524 'Jennie Hughes (Hughes) in--
MM'Alta G (Hertzcll) gne8> ..::;:; Jgj
5512 Captivate (Hlldreth) i/Z
8448 Velma Clark (McAlester) IS
.... "Rene (Uhmasnsy Bros.) * ton
5499 Atwood (Hemingray) . . . ivIM *I l£ £v &
Competitors — Rnd. Knd. Gross, cap. Net.
Miss Drumm 67 55 112 12 100
Miss Chesebrough. 54 48 102 O 102
Mrs. Miller 51 52 103 0 103
Mrs. Girvln 50 o» 118 14 104
Mrs. Nickel G3 64 .127 12 115
Miss Hoffman..... 70 68 128 / 6 122
The handicap match play competi
tion begun on Christmas .day among
the men of the San Francisco Golf
Club has reached the semi-flnal round.
In the first round A.. S. Lilley won, 2
up, from C. H. Bentley; R_ White beat
F. H. Beaver, 5 up, 3^ to play; Dr. T.
G. McConkey defeated J. Hubert Mee.
4 up, 2 to play, and R. J. Woods was
victorious over L. F. Monteagle, 4 up,
.3 to play. In the semi-final round A.
S. Lilley beat R. White, 3 up, 2 to play,
and will meet the winner of the Mc-
Conkey- Woods match in the .final
round.
During the afternoon J. A. Folger,
E. R. Folger, W. P. Johnson and War
ren Gregory went round the course for
practice. J. A. Folger was in excel
lent form, making three consecutive
rounds in 39, 42, 42.
Six ladies of the San Francisco Golf
Club took part in a handicap . over
eighteen holes, medal play, on the
links on the Presidio reservation yes
terday. The handicapping by Robert
Johnstone, the club professional, was
exceedingly weir done, as the first four
competitors' handed in net- scores that
varied only four strokes between the
first and the fourth. ¦ The day was
beautiful and the course in excellent
condition. Miss Drum, with a handi
cap of twelve strokes, won with a net
score of 100.. Miss Chesebrough'and
Mrs. Miller, playing from scratch, fin
ished second and third respectively.
The details are shown in the table:
Men's Match Play Handicap Begun on
Christmas Day Reaches Senii-
Flnal Round.
MISS DRUM IS WINNER
ON THE PRESIDIO LINKS
IXGLI.SIDE IlACIvTHACK, Tuesday, Dec." 29. — Weather fine. Track fast.
B55«._FIRST^nACK— Futurity course; eelJInsr; 3-year-olds and up; value to first, $325.
Index Horse an<Town.r. RvtlstTij . %. %. Str.Fln. ¦ Jockey. Op. Gl.
%-0« ?Mo. e n °J o* igWt - 5 <Parks). il2 5 ... 3 4 3 % 2 1 11 Kunz ..... 6 "~~7
M jp*"' r r-,T ar , EU ,^ a <"_!_).... 117 4 ... 1 V, 1 h 1 h 3 3 Bell , . 8 8
Mi»* ?am™ P -V\?v (T S On 2? 8 & CO) - 112 1 •¦¦ 2tlj2 1 4 2 • 4 S - .__rsen .!.. • 6 . 0
.M"9iT«Zih i i- l i 115 ° •-•'• 5 h 52 53 6,5 Bullman .. 4.7
4021 O Jh,!' SS ? ChllT) U711 •>-Wl Sh 7i ftl- N. I^-.vl3.. 5 13-2
HMO Rr'v i T'_ Kli - £ ¦ J° n «>--- "7 3 ... 71 9 1.8 7 1 \V Waldos 15 .15
?T • 4 . ( \V Durk <T> 117 7 ... 9h 7W8 0 6 J Daly:. 10 30
W^ a T' K 4 J M _ rS^ Mc , M i chapl8 >- 117 9 "• 62 636hlO5 Boiami.... 10 15
r...2- | Bad)) tsed : _4_(W : j:. vi yell)., in lQ .. . 8 h 11 11 11 {Donovan .. 15 20
Tlm _3Tc : k 5 ' nl«^'. 1: «~r hi - u At P 081 3 mlnute «- Off at 2:07. Night. pllc7"3; show, 7-5. Tuck
n_£o"c™H^_ 10 ?' 7 - 10 - TarsUiI . show. 2. Winner blk. m. by Prince of Mo
"rh- Srrnnrt'. P"^,"^^ 1 '*' J - B " Stoven Scratched-Adnor. Start gfood. Won clev-
Tonopah off poorly drlvln S- .' winner got through on the rail. Saul of Tarsus tired.
5.V>9. srx-OXP RACE— 514 furlongs; purse: maidTTT^o^aT^ldTr^^
IndeX | Horse and Owner. WtjSt. .% . Xfr. %. Str . Fin . Jo ckey. "Op. Cl.
.M« Tt* T« EP R^t <R /t \ *;7"th)..;i05 1, ... 2 2" 3 1 2 « 1 ns IIr7en~\77T t ~4 6
k*^ 22 S Brute (J - J - Moran).. 110 2 ... 4 U, 2 1«41 s. 2 8 J Daly C 9-2
6157 K r P rt?sr«J, W - **'»'«'«*>•• «0 4 ..! 3 h . 2*4 £ 3 Si J." Martin" 3-4
Kentish W jLamasney).. 105 3 .,„ 7 1 7 2 614 1 Burns . 2 18-5
4PiA DoHv V^ fi h '^ C , O) ;' U3 5 •'• 55 « h 7 1 5h Hoar. 10 15
k~2! Z^l, I _ 5en (J - c - J^ealon). 105 11 ... 9 1: 5 1 5 j, 6 h J Jones. . 12 15
Sn:' l *Si M|ll.r)..105 8 .. . 11 V.U 2 10 h 7 2 |C.n»U . - 20 20
'wn • OottuSLn \X- ( ?-"V? er » & Co) 10S 12 ••• 10 h 8 2 0 1V49 2%|Bell ....... 20. 20'
rv3 lilv iTh.11 * /i lsh . fir) _-- '.'••• U1 6 ••• lh ln 3 -%10 2 Bullman .. 6 10
55.77 -hi, ?!\- / h a A " KjIe >-- 1Ofi 7 ... 6 1.10 1 ll 2 11 lft C. Smith... 20 40
OT K v Armn) — 110 ° -12 12 12 12 ¦¦ Donovan ..20 00
Timo— :2I4 :}'ju 1:00 At po St 5 minutes. Off at 2:3Si_. Waterspout, place. G-2; show,
Jt;L"vr,; f %¦ ?' B: show - 9 -l°- Rope ' show - *- 5 - Winner, br. g. by Watercress
thV*. /h, L. t Tralned R. A. Smith. Scratched— Dundreary. Start fair. Won first
pooHy «]Cttli*be'n rSel _it n lnner outfinlsh e<l Daly. Oro Rose quit. Dolly Varden away
55QO. THIRD RACE-Futurlty course; selling; 3-year-olds and up; value to first. $325.
Indfxj Hor-c and Owner . Wt|St. U. »_. %.-Str. Fin. Jockey. Op. Cf.
wt * "j™- nn <J - C « ely) « - 113 3 ... 2h' 2h 12 m BeF. .77777 ~lo 12
SMO Evande? '4 ?.£- Ml _.-, obln 8° n ) "" 2 ... 61 6«4H2? Burns 6 5
S 'MaX n (B V F '^ r) ...-112 7 ... 7 1 6 1 6 U_3 >_ Larsen .... 6 8
aS2mi___£tf? _ !?• F" Dolan) — u7 5 ••• 3 3 3 1 8 h 4 1 Hoar ...... 12 20
'ArnaVa' _* AT' .V°S e) 12 ° 9 ••• » 7 % 7 1 5 1 J. Martin. . 11-10 1
itl^arrit. ( VT M \ R^ le>) -- 117 1 f' lh lh 2h 6 h . A. Pow«U.. S 10
WO nid^ fr (J i A A. Murray) - 112 4 ••• 4 1 41 5 1 72 Haack .;.. 10 10
4W9 ll-ldv n™ ¦ , J -, A ;-^ ua) 117 « ••• 5h82 83 8tf N. Lewla.. 12. 20
- 4 _ii£j____LA o^___ 3 _<C._T.JBoots^K J12 8 ... 8 h 9 9 9 Bullman . . 12 .20
T!m ?^.: 24 , I t; ; 49 2«-- 1:1 *- A t post 2 minutes. Off at 3:00. Hellas, place. 5; show.^T Choru*
•rr-i'n-H fc -iV- : t> * how - 3S - E\-ander show. 1. Winner, b. g. by The Greek-Unit.
fir?t tL Y a }r Pre l ce - S<rratched— Afice Carey. Hilary Romalne. Start fair. Won
«£«i.m v. dr ' vln K hard. Hellas was well handled. Evander off none too well. Maresa
Siv ,.? A en rd - . A one-K'KKed man could kick a barrel down _. hill faster than
baintly ran. Amasa quit.
»5«>1. FOURTH RACE— One and a sixteenth miles; handicap: all aRes; to first. $800.
Index I Horse and Owner. -j Wt i SL _^- j£ Str. Fin. Jockey. Op. Cl.
< v5ni?^ S^ a^' /i ( h' K 5 m P aer ) lUCt 3 5 1 5 h" 3 U. 2 % 1 h' Bums 8.5 '~5
(^'S /^Y^ & CO) 113 I 2 1 ! 1 " 1 ',. 1 -V2 H Bullm«n ... 4 15-2
6B3 Inr,h«', rt '^ im «° Stable). 10S 9 10 8 2 7 S 0 % 3 ns Haack .... 6 8
<"r,'^ i? atOI A 3 (^ an Meter).... 1O» 4 3 2 2 2 2 1 ¦• 3 1 4 1 C Kelly T ft
tST^TkL^T^?^"-- «2«2h3hB2 5«._% Hildebrand" 10-: 10
« Jrn^r Rose, 5 <R. Wilson) io:j 1 « U 7 1 6 U, 7 1 6 3 Bell 12r- "0
K^YeS fi V e S n "l BS) ;- 5 4 h 5 4 2 4 1 J 4 h 7 U J^MarV.n.V. I ni
TC» !l/ Z 1^ i- n t 8 '^'"" l0Si 7 72 61 82 HS 8 « H. Kinpr.... 10 12
;;••*? l?*** T - 3 Ctjr- B. Jenninps)... 105 8 8 h U \> t 9 2 9 5 9 6 J. Daly. ' •
-_a. !Joe Lesser. 5 (H. P. Beams). . KK>jlO 0 h 10 10 10 10 Largen . ! ! ! 15 15
TIm tv 2 i& JTV V^'fi' 1: , 4 °' H 4 S«-_ At ? 09t 1 minute. O« at 3:_0. Oarsman, place.
a«J «™ ™ E ard ' , Burns rode a verv strong- finish on the winner. Fossil ran
a SSbft-t^j^a w7h D a I,n^ k - IntUbat ° r qUlt - K ' nK ° n YeU ° W Ta " r ° de
r>50^. FIFTH RACE— Sly and a half furlongs; selling; two-year-Olds; value to first, |325.
Index) Horse and Owner. . jW.ISt. lj . %. *i . Btri't.F&MjfJoitoty. CU
I^^^ll I ffi III lr^ ; 1 1
foOT .«.. Schweitzer (Blaslngame). . M57 7 7 7 * 7' CrcsswaitV 30 » 40
Time— :24:4r* l:lK'i, 1:21?. At post l" minute. Off at 3:52. Telephone place 4-5- show
1-.:. Bombardier, rlac?. 6; show, 2. Instructor, show, 1-2. Winner' ch c by S
Ml -Pompadoura. Trained by R. A. Smith. Start good. Won easllj' 1 .Second and third
dr ivinx. Telephone was run up ffpro |500 to 11100 by U. Z. de Arman. but was rrta ined
£ -TrTe b " £ An_^w n^ rd Coo_ dI^ J1 - °« - and riddVn. Aven^Ts^a
Index) --• Horse and Owner. l Wt i SL _j^ %• Str - Fin. Jo^ke^T" 1 OpT cT
520$ [Stajrve, 4 (F. R. Lanterman).. 9ft 3 1 1 11 1 1 11 1 o H | H , k-ln , " :
B4S. lAxminster. 4 <\V. Randall)'.. 107 1 4 l%* % 3 1 2 U 2 \ j 'vtSS? ,J M
r.473 jRosarle. 4 (C. W. Chappelle). 104 5 5 5 5 3 4 1 3 >. 3 2 Uarsen M-K t, X t
,r»-,4S)'Po P ition. C (C. __. Durfee).... lo-J 6 6 « e 6 3 4 .0 ntl? "" J 13 "5
ESSO IMarOyie. 6 (C. T, Boots).... 101 2 2 h 2 V- 2 ». 4 1 5 2 C ¦ Kellv " " " iS _n
r.«M2 Gcay Dally, a .Hutchtnson).. 1H. 4 3 1 4 i| 5 1 6 6 Run. I*.::" iqq $>
Tim ?T : " 4 _*- K Vi' 1:15l i- 1:*2. 1:45. At post 1U minutes. Off at 4-10% Stuwe ni_-_
1t2: chow. 1-4. Axminster. place, 7-2; show. 7-5. Rosarie show out winni? k P 1'
Ptuyvesant-Katlo B. Trained by R. Campbell Start fair Won handi^v Z'JZ,**' *Z
third drivin.. Htuyve was ready. Rosarie backed up the Ian elthtb som^hn nd _ an d
Tosition outfooted. MacGyle, is wind broken. eijjntn, something new.
Hildebrar.d was set down for ten days
by Starter Holtman for pulling up Flea
after being practically left. Hildebrand
has been riding in good form and can
illy be spared, as good riders are scarce.
Flea is owned by Vic Gilbert, the em
ployer of Hildebrand. If the two-year
old is a bad actor, put him on the
schooling list and keep him there, but
why punish the rider? The penalty
looks unjust and excessive.
At a meeting held by the board of
stewards of the California Jockey Club
on Saturday evening the statement
made by Jockey Chandler that Caesar
foung asked him to place the mare
Eoiiic was heard. The stewards were
unanimous in their belief that it was
merely a conspiracy en the part of
Chandler ar.d his friends to break the
contract held on his services by Young,
and recommended to the Pacific Jockey
Club that the rider's license be revoked.
Jake Holtman states that the reports
_rom St. Lotjis thnt he had signed to
ytart there next summer for the new
I.'nion Jockey Club are a bit premature.
Jake saVE, thouph. that he wrote P. J.
Carmody, president of the new turf
association, that they could have his
cervices for the season of ninety days
for $10,000. The starter, however, stip
ulated that he must .then have until
February 1 to pive a decided answer
Bob Smith's apprentice, Larsen, pilot
ed two winners, both from the stable
of his employer, Waterppout and Tele
phone. The win of the latter two-year
old proved a trifle expensive for Bob.
The youngster was entered to be sold
for $500 and was bid up to $1100 by U.
Z. de Arman.
The stakes of the Brighton Beach As
sociation clote on January 4 next.
-VO1IJS OF THE TRACK.
Oarsman had Tommy Burns on his
back in the JiotK) mile and a sixteenth
handicap at Ingieside yesterday and
met with more success than on Christ
mas dav.
L<mis Kempner's three-year-old was
a signed 116 pounds and was consid
ered such a good thing that he was
P-ayed down from 2»_ to 1 to 6 to 5.
Tho Eastern gelding won. owing chiefly
to the vicorous and desperate finish
Burns put up. Bullman. astride Fos-
BU. made all the running and after a
l^ig drive only lost by a short head.
Haack moved u» by degrees from
tenth position with Divina. taking show
honors.
Perfect racing weather and the fine
"st of starters for the handicap at
tracted a large attendance. Stuyve and
oarsman were the only successful
choices.
Looking on paper possibly a shade
the best of the ordinary bunch of plat
ers in the o-pening Futurity course
sprint, the erratic Tuck Back was made
favorite. Hildebrand handled him with
good Judgment, but was beaten out at
the wire by Goddess of Night, a 7 to 1
f-not. After cutting out the pace old
t-aul of Tarsus ran third.
Bob Smith's Waterspout was given
?* r "T, t eCiSi ° n ° Ver Et Tu Bru^ at
the finish of the maiden two-year-old
event. Et Tu Urute, ridden by Johnny
Daly, took the lead in the stretch and
looked to be winning, when Larsen
drew his whip on Waterspout and, ap
parently outriding Daly, got the ver
a.ct. Oro Rose ran third, half a length
bo.ore Kentish Shrew, the favorite.
Saintly went to the post an even
money chance for the Futurity course
spin next decided and certainly did cut
a lively figure, never being a factor.
i>e.l rode aa excellent race on the 12
to 1 .shot Hellas and in a driving finish
beat Chords Boy half a length. Amasa
started out to make the running but
couldn't keep up the pace.
Johnny Schorr's Sunday horse Avenger
was made the medium of a plunge
tvhen betting on the six and a half
furlong two-year-old race opened and
all the smart ones fell. Closing a 6 to 5
favorite, the colt at no stage looked
dangerous and finished beyond the
money. Telephone, at 4 to 1. made all
the running and, with something in re
serve, led Bombardier out more than
a length. Instructor was third.
Bookmaker Frank Lanterman's col
ors were victorious first, rattle out of
the box. His useful gelding Stuyve
was an even money chance for the first
mile and fifty-yard run and won all the
**y. Rosarie looked the contender in
the stretch, but tired and lost the place
to Axminster.
There were a number of hold-overs
in the police courts yesterday. George
Batteate, accused of the crime of burg
lary in the candy store of W. I* Oliver
at 646 Greenwich street, was bound
over for trial in the Superior Court by
Judge Conlan in bail of $2000. On a
charge of robbing. Lulgl Sangali of his
beloved accordeon and also taking $2
from the pockets of his victim the
same defendant was told to furnish
$3000 for his future appearance. Bat
teate chose confinement in lieu of the
money."
Leon B.' Neat, the burglar of the
Plymouth Hotel, who tried to poison a
pawnbroker In a further attempt at
plunder, was offered his liberty by
Judge Cabaniss on condition that he
furnish $4000 bail on two charges of
burglary. Neat did not have the money
in his inside pocket so he went back
to jail.
John P. O'Brien, a boatbullder by
occupation,, failed to provide for a
pretty wife and two children. Judge
Mogan ordered him into custody until
he pungled up $10 and made provision
for future allowances.
Henry Jackson \ received six months
in the County Jail because he couldn't
remember what he did with a watch
and Bankbook he stole. Jackson is the
man who* nearly escaped from Judge
Mpgan's court Monday by impersonat
ing a man by the name of Patrick
Kearney. If Kearney will only come
into court the record will be^cU:ared up.
a reminder when his sentence i3 passed
to-day.
: There is a "big gun" man in town
and he hails from Great Falls, Mont.
They have great falls In the autumn
in' Montana. Also "in San Francisco
there are falls and, James Corbin dis
covered the fact. He was accused of
making a nuisance of himself and his
gun on Kearny. street y and was finally
tucked under the arm of law and order
in the person of Policeman ' R. p. _e
Guire. Judge Conlan found, him guilty
of carrying a concealed; weapon yes
terday/and will sentence him to-day.
Clerk Jack Rice also .found him guilty
because Corbin was contumacious 'and
knew entirely too much law for a Great
Falls man. Probably Corbin will get
• •. •¦;.>•
Arthur T. Winter was captured by
the "Italian JDmbassador" of San Fran
cisco in an lattempt to rob Henry E.
Ellis. ' Before other words are wasted
it should be explained that the "Italian
Embassador" is Jack Holland, who
drives a patrol wagon for the Har
bor Police Station. In these perilous
times of affronting foreign poAvers, the
use of names is dangerous. The State
Department might be called upon to
apologize and none of us want to bend
the knee just at present. So it was
only Jack Holland who caught . the
thief. Harry Ellis was the complain
ing witness against the defendant. It
was shown in court that Winter had
attempted to rob Ellis, whorls an eld
erly man, and the screams of the vic
tim had attracted the attention of Hol
land, who was peacefully enjoying a
sprig duck in a restaurant between Da
vis and Drumm streets.. Holland threw
the napkin into, the candelabra and
dashed forth madly to the rescue. He
caught the footpad and brought him
before Judge Mogan yesterday. Win
ter was bound over in the sum of
.$3000 to appear before the Superior
Court.
It was bargain day In the fruit store
of John Miller at 452 Turk street when
James Keefe and Charles Miller in
vaded it on Sunday night. The pro
prietor was astonished to receive a to
mato Just abaft of the* main rigging of
his eye. A carrot got him on the maxil
lary nerve and three luscious bananas
from the plantations of Nicaragua land
ed on various parts of his person. Not
being a zealot in the cause of vege
tarianism, Mr. Miller caused the arrest
of the two young men who tried to
force the products of the soil upon him
in such an unseemly manner. Judge
Mogan gave Keefe ten days' confine
ment and his less strenuous partner
was allotted flye days. Judge Mogan
thought that this breakfast food prop
osition had gone the limit when a vege
tarian diet had to be ground into a
man like a baseball pitcher lands on a
hard hitter.
Thomas Murphy and William Kelley
were charged before Judge Mogan yes
terday with stealing a horse and buggy.
In Texas this would be a capital of
fense ainless the offender crossed the
Louisiana line ahead of the Sheriff. In
the case yesterday it was admitted by
the complaining witness, McCarthy,
that the arrest was not Justified. .He
said he had taken his two friends for
a ride and stopped at various^ saloons.
He admitted that he kept them waiting
while, he argued politics with the bar
tenders. Murphy and Kelley tired of
the delays and drove home alone, leav
ing McCarthy deep in the discussion
of the Panama incident". Judge Mogan
had listened to political arguments be
fore, and he realized the weariness of
the young men who were either forced
to listen br steal a horse. He thought
that horse stealing was Justifiable in
such cases and dismissed the charges.
' B. H. Keplan told Judge Cabanisa
yesterday that he was a carriage- mak
er from New York and was suffering
from illness. This excuse he offered for
hot 'contributing to the support of his
wife and three children.
Mrs. Keplan had a different story to'
tell. • She averred that Keplan was in
a full state of strength and earning a
good living. On one occasion, she said,
she found him in the company of Mrs.
Dr. Mighal, with fourteen champagne
bottles strewn around. His condition
did not appeal to.. her as being one of
absolute poverty, bo she had him ar
rested for non-support. Mrs. Dr. Mighal
is the seventh daughter of the seventh
daughter, who conducts the business
of peering over the veil of the future
and telling applicants what to-morrow
will bring. When Keplan was arrested
by Officer McMurray he was the
company of the seeress.
Among the exhibits offered by the
defendant was a medical certificate
from Dr. Albert Abrams, who has of
fices at Van Ness avenue and Califor
nia street. The certificate assured the
court that the doctor had examined
Keplan several months before and
found him rather inclined to illness. It
concluded with the statement that the
defendant would be unable to do physi
cal labor for several months. Doubt
less the good doctor had been "peering
i:*o the future himself.
Judge Cabaniss thought the case was
so aggravated that he ordered the de
fendant into custody until such time
as he could give .positive assurances
that he, would pay $12 50 weekly for
the support of his wife and children.
In the meantime Mrs. Dr. Mighal will
be obliged . to find some new star to
gaze at for her information as to the
days that will come.
C. E. Dickey, ah employment agent
with offices in the Donohoe building,
is attempting* to defeat a - law passed
by the last Legislature making it a
misdemeanor for. employment agencies
to collect. more than. 10 per cent of the
first month's wages of the applicant
for furnishing him a chance to make a
living.1
< Dickey pleaded guilty bc.'ore Judge
Cabanlss yesterday to the crime of tak
ing $30 from/H. W. Knighton for se
curing him a place as bookkeeper,
which was admitted to be much in ex
cess of the statutory provision. His
attorney stated it was merely a* test
case, as' the employment agencies de
sired to have the 10 per cent provision
passed upon by the Supreme Court to
learn whether it was constitutional. A
fine .of 520 was imposed by consent and
notice of appeal given.
EMPLOYMENT AGENTS
BATTLE TO DEFEAT LAW
One of Them Pleads Guilty to Overcharging a Man in Search
of Employment— Judge Cabaniss Reads the Future for
Keplan Better Than a Seeress — Vegetarianism in Court
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, DECEMBER 30, 1903.
SAN FRANCISCO CALL'S RACING FORM CHART.
Four Favorites Fall by the Wayside at Ingieside— Waterspout Wins
From Et Tu Brute by a Nose—Hellas Scores at Odds of
12 to I — Stuyve Earns Brackets First Time at the Barrier
OARSMAN, RIDDEN BY T. BURNS,
DOWNS FOSSIL A SHORT HEAD
11
ADVERTISEMENTS.
I f FREE .ART SUPPLEMENT 1 |
i....The Huntsman's Trophy....! |
I WITH NEXT SUNDAY'S CALL I §
I Tlpis is or)e of the fanjous sportiQg pic- 5|
¦| tures given away m
I ' FREE I
1 to all readers of \i
I TrjE SUNDAY CALL j
i » i sfe°?*a--aP%_3 c _• **-
H j Ek_?pE2___ J *"z «h
i * « -~ 5 v
Telephone John 371, . ' • .'-.
=IN. S. HAND==.
Secretary -n^ cf3- Expert E_cdic»pptr.
I «ial handicappcr for ______ _ _ _' i
the "Metropolitan BOOKS 1, 2 and 3.
"iatePBtat*'* 1 Turf A«- fl3 STOCKTON ST >t
¦oclattoca of Ne*
Tcrk. Eu> Frascif co, Ctl.
Term* (flurlnjc California season only). ?2
O«r 4aj or $10 per week.
I PLACE YOIJB OBDiEftS EARLYf
iraotli GENTURYj
1 COOKBOOK |
j ¦' .^.Another shipment win J
i arrive about January 21, j
1904.
In order to satisfy the *
demand for this prcminm
we have ordered another,
carload of these books, I
and all persona sending to
The Cook Book Depart-
/ ment of this paper a six
months' .subscription to
The Dally and Sunday
Call may secure one of the -
Twentieth Century Cook
Books at the premium
rate of 60e.
!Oui-.f-town subscribers shauld remit 1
20s addHianal to prepay fransporfaiioi J
J c _ ar !": '_¦_¦ __„ gSANTA CRUZ, Dec. 29.— Frank J. Sullivan
of San, Francisco has presented the local par
lor of the Native Sons, in : which he was in
itlatf-d recently, , with" $100 to go toward the
buiidlr.c fund. m
The fteamship Curacao, from " Guaymas,
patsed Hueneme at 8 o'clock yesterday mora-
The Occidental and Oriental \ Steamship
Company's Coptic left Honolulu at 9 o'clock
Monday night and should arrive here Sunday.
Water Front Xotes.
Makes Fair Passage.
The BritUh ship Elr Robert Fernie, which
arrived laet evening, came from Cardiff In 150"
days. ,
The Time Ball on the tower of the Ferry
building was dropped exactly at noon to-day —
1. e.. at noon of the 120th meridian, or at 8
p. m.. Greenwich time. J. C. BURNETT.
Lieutenant. U. S. N.. in charge.
Branch ' Hydrographic Office U. S. N. Mer
chants 1 Exchange. San Francisco. Cal..
December 29. : ¦ . .
Time Ball.
The rate of reinsurance on the British bark
Loch Bredan wa» advanced yesterday to 60 per
cent. She is nearly two months overdue at
Port Natal from Adelaide and grave fears for
her safety are entertained. The Paris stands
at Co and the W. J. PIrrle at 10 per cent.
The Overdue List.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey—*
Time and Height of High and Low Waters
. at Fort Point, entrance to San Francisco
Bay. Published by official authority of the'
Superintendent.
NOTE — The high and low waters occur at
the city front' (Mission-street wharf) about 25
minutes later than at Fort Point; the height
of tide is the tame at both places.
¦ WEDNESDAY. DECEMBER 30.
Sun risea 7-2*
Sun sets 4^g
Moon.set«» Z:17 a. m.
O iTimel iTimel iTime] ITimel
? 'iL-w'r^ knJi"- fc-wr- y, R
M 0:28 2.3 7:02 6.6 1:69 0.6 8:55 4 0
30 1:23 2.5 7:46 6.7 2:47 0 0 9-55 4 2
31 2:18 2.7 8:30 6.9 3:32 0.5 10:46 4 5
1 3:08 2.7 9:16 6.1 4:17 1.0 11:21 4:e
2 3:57 2.6 10:00 6.0 5:00—12
H W L W H W L'wf"
3 0:10 4.S 4:47 2.7 10:48 6.1 5:47—1.2
4 0:65| 4.9 6:37 2.7|U:38 6.0 .6:31|— 1.1
NOTE: — In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are . given in the left
hand column and ¦ the successive tidea of the
day in the order of occurrence as to time- the
fourth time column gives the last tide of the
day.- except when there are but three tides as
sometimes occurs. The heights given are in
addition to the soundings of the United States
Coast Survey charts, except when a minus ( )
algn precedes the height, and then the number
given* is subtracted from the depth given by
the charts. ' The plane of reference is the mean
of. the lower low waters.
The whaline bark John and Winthrop, the
last of the pperm whalers to leave^ went to
pea yesterday afternoon. She goes from here
to the South Seas, from there to Japanese wa
ters, and a/ter a flndl hunt for blubber in
the Okhotsk Sea will return to this port.
John and Winthrop Sails.
A dispatch received yesterday from Monte
video reports the ship Governor Roble ready to
proceed on her voyage, having disposed of 750
tons of her cargo of coal at, that port. The
rr pairs on the Kennebcc, also at Montevideo,
arc proceedinc rapidly.
Will Itcsume Voyaze.
Owing tn the late «rrival at New -York of
the British Australian mails the Oceanic
Steamship Company's liner Sierra, scheduled
to lca\-e at 2 o'clock to-morrow for Honolulu
and the colonies, will not get away until 8
o'clock to-morrow night. '
.Sierra's Sailing Hour Changed.
Steamer. Destination. I Sails. I Pier.
December 30. I I
C.Panama.. N, Y. via Panama. 112 m|Pier 40
Elizabeth.. ConUille River 1 4 pmiPier 20
Eureka.... Humboiit | 9 amiPur 13
Rainier Seattle * Whatcoml 4 pm Pier 10
Pomona Humboldt 11:30 p Pier 8
N. Maru... China & Japan 1 pm Pier 40
San Pedro.. Humboldt 4 pm Pier 2
December 31.
State Cal.. San Diego & Way. 9 am Pier 11
Bonita Newport & Way .. 9 am Pier 11
Sierra Sydney & Way 2 pm Pier 7
Centennial. Seattle & Tacoma. 5 pmiPier 20
Alliance Eur«-ka & Coos Bay 5 pmiPier 16
January 1. I
North Fork. Humboldt 5 pm|Pler 20
Czarina Coos Bay direct. ..|12 m|Picr 8
January 3.
Corona Humboldt l:30pPier 9
Pt. Arena.. Pt. Arena & Mdcno 4 pm Pier 2
Acapulco. .. N. Y. via Panama. 12 mlPler 40
City Puebla Puget Sound Ports. 11 amtPler 9
Chlco Coquille River .... 6 pmiPier 2
S.Monica.. Grays Harbor 4 pmlPler 2
Porno Pt. Arena & Albion 6 pm|PIer 1
Arctic...... Humboldt .......... ami Pt:r •£
Arcata Coos B-Pt. Orford.|10 amlPler 13
Empire Coo* Bay direct... i 12 ml Pier 13
January 3. I
G. W. Elder Astoria & Portland 11 amIPier 24
Centralia... Los Angeles Ports. 1 pm Pier 2
Santa Rosa. San Diego & Way. 9 am Pier 11
January 4. |
Coos Bay.. San Pedro & Way. 9 amjPler 11
S. Barbara. Seattle & Olympla. 4 pmiPier •£
January 5. I I
Rival Willapa Harbor... I 4 pm|Pier 2
January 6. I | - -
Marlposa... Tahiti direct. ......Ill amlPier 7
Umatilla;.. Puget Sound Ports.lll amlPler 3
v January 7. I I
Siberia.."... China & Japan 1 1 pmjPter 40
Curacao.... Mexican Pcrts 110 amlPier 11
J. Dollar. .. Seattle & Tacoma. 110 amlPier 2
January 8. I I
Columbia.. Astoria & Portland!!! amlPler 24
FROM SEATTLE.
Steamer. For. I Sails.
Cottage City. Skagway & Way PortB.IJan. 1
Excelsior.... Cooks* Inlet & Way PtsJJan. 2
Farallon Skagway A Way Ports. | Jan. :i
Dolphin Skagway & Way Ports. | Jan. 9
Bertha..'..... Cooks Inlet & Way Pt3.|Jan. 10
TO SAIL.
The Pacific Mail Company's steamships City
of Panarra and Aztec will sail to-day for the
isthmus by' way of a number of coffee ports.
They havp been ready for sea since Saturday,
but have been awaiting advices from Central
America as to what ports had coffee for them.
The Aztro cleared ypgtfrday for San Jose de
Guatemala and both vessels will leave to-day.
Will Both Sail to-Day.
VENTURA— Sailed Dec 29— Stmr San Pedro,
for San Pedro. -
Arrived Dec 29 — Stmr Whlttier, from San
Pedro.
TACOMA— Sailed Dec 20— Schr R-^mond,,
for Kahului. ' ' -£ ¦
PORT GAMBLE— Sailed Dec 29— Schr Mln
doro. for San Pedro.
TATOOSH — Passed In Dec 20 — Stmr Queen,
henco Dec 27. for Victoria and Puget Sound
ports;, schr Expansion, from San Pedro, for
Tacoma.
BANDON, Or— Sailed Dec 29— Stmr Chico,
for San Francisco. . i
REDONDO— Sailed . Dec 29— Stmr Alcazar,
for San Francisco.
SAN PEDRO— Arrived Dec 29— Stmr "Whit
tier, from Astoria. . ¦'
Sailed Dec 29 — Stmr Whittier. for San Fran
cisco: schr A B Johnson, for Graya. Harbor.
HL'ENEME- Passed Dec 29, , 9 a ' m— Stmr
Curacao, from Guaymas, for San Francisco.
ASTORIA— Sailed Dec 29— Stmr GeoW El
der, for, San Francisco; Fr bark Europe, for
Qu»<>nsto\vn. . ¦ . -,
Arrived Dec 29— Br shin Cressington, from
Port lxis Angelea. .
Sailed Dec 29— Schr. Mabel Gale, 'for San
Francisco.
GRAYS HARBOR— Arrived Dec 29— Schr
Fred E Sander, from San Pedro.
liUUEKA- Arrived Dec 23— stmr South Bay.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
POINT LOBOS, Dec 29, 10 p m— Weather
hazy; wind KE, velocity 16 miles per hour.
TELEGRAPHIC.
Oct 12. lat 6 S, Ion 23 TV. Br »hlp Mara
thon, from Antwerp, for San Franclscp.
Dec 22, lat 35 S. Ion. 15 W, Br.bark Donna
Francises, Jrom Liverpool, for San Fran-
Dec 24, lat 50 S.-Ion 13 W. Fr bark Fran
cols, hence Aug P, for Ipswltch.
SPOKEN
SAILED.
Tuesday. December 29.
Stmr Nome City. Moore. Portland.
Stmr Maggie, Corning, Halfmoon Bay.
Stmr Giusy, Inland, Santa Cruz.
Stmr Alcatraz. Carlnon, Greenwood.
Stmr Greenwood, Johnson, Albion River.
Stmr Westnort, Smith, Westport.
Stmr W H Kruger. Ahlin. Redondo.
Stmr Columbia, Doran, Astoria and Port
•land.
Strr.r Samoa, Madsen, Caspar.
Fr bark Gen Foy, Breuille. -Belle Isle.
Whaling bark John and Winthrop, Shorey,
whaling.
Schr Soquel, Bennett, Port Towneend.
Tuesday, December 29.
" Stmr Pomona. Swansen, Eureka; Pacific
Coast Steamship Co.
Stmr Aztec. Robinson, San Jo6e de Guate
mala; P M SS Co.
Br shin Simla, Steele, Port Townsend; W
SUele, master. . .
Tuesday, December 29.
Stmr W H Knurer. Ahlln, 103 hours from
Seattle; bound south; put in to land pas
sengers.
Stmr City of Puebla. Jepsen, 55 hours from
Victoria and Puget Sound ports.
Stmr Eonita. Glelow, 63 hours from San
Pedro and way ports.
Nor stmr TUanla. Egenea, 4 days 6 hours
from Nanajmo.
Br ship Sir Robert Fernio, Sanders, 149 days
from Cardiff.
CLEARED.
Shipping; Intelligence.
ARRIVED
Movements of Steamers.
TO ARRIVE.
Steamer. From. I Due.
Curacao Mexican Ports |I>:c. ."»¦>
Marlposa Tahiti I Dec. SO
Arcata Coos Hay & Pt. Orford. I Dec. :!i>
Czarina Coos Bay I Dec. 3D
Alliance Portland & Way Ports. iDec. 30
Empire <V>s Bay & Pt. Orford.lDec. 3<>
Arctic Humboldt Dec. 30
Porno Point Arena & Albion.. Dec. 30
San Pedro... San Pedro Dec. 30
Spokane Humboldt Dec. .U*
Santa Rosa.. San Diego & Way Pts. Dec. 3t
Point Arena. Mendocino & Pt. Arena. Dec. 31
G. W. Elder.. Portland & Astoria Dec. 31
Peru New. York via Panama. iDec. :tt
Chlco I Coquille -Klver iDec. SI
Mackinaw...! Tacomn ; Dec. 31
Chehalls Grays Harbor IDec. 31
Phoenix Mendocino Dec. 31
Coos Bay.... San Pedro & Way PortsJJan. 1
L»M>lanaw Tacon^a ' Man. 1
Olympic San Pedro IJnn. I 1
Umatilla Fuget Sound Ports 'Jan. 2
Eureka Humboldt |Jan. 2
Iaqua Grays Harbor Jan. 2
R. Dollar San Pedro Jan. 2;
S.Monica San Pedra Jan. 2
Centralia. . . . Grays Harbor Man. • .{
Pomona Humboldt [Jan. 3
Rival Wlllapa Harbor (Jan. 3
State of Cal. San Diego & Way Pts. 'Jan. 4 ;
S. Barbara... Sar. Pedro Jan. 4
Bonita Newport & Way Ports. Jan. S
Alameda Honolulu Jan. *
Coptic China & Japan Jan. 0
Columbia Portland & Astoria |Jan. 5
San Juan New York via Panama.Uan. 7
Queen Puget Sound Ports I Jan. 7
North FUTk.. Humboldt !Jan. 7
For two days he was kept tn the
prison and shown to the different
watches of policemen. Last night he
v.as taken to the Southern station and
Captain Spillane immediately recog
nized Coulter as the man he caught
tnatrhinc a woman's purse fourteen
years ago. Coulter was dismissed last
nieht. the pohce being unable to secure
sufilrient evidence to bring a charge of
grand larceny against tifm.
La^t evening Detective Ed Gibson
a. -rented a man v.ho gave the name of
TV. H. Clowry on suspicion that he is
a pickpocket . Since the recent harvest
made by pickpockets in this city the
whole police department has been on
the lookout for the offenders. Yester
day Gibson recognized Clowry as an old
offender and took him to the Hall of
Justice.
Aftrr fourteen years Captain Spillane
last night r^<-r»gnized an old-time
crook named Charles Coulter. Coulter
\\»r arrested by Detective Harry Braig
a few days ago and his name entered
on the detinue book pending an inves
tigation. Coulter was suspected .by
th" police with having l>een responsible
for the numerous thefts that have re
cently been reported to the Captain of
Detectives.
Captain SpUlano Rrmembers Cliarles
Coulter as Man That Snatched
a Pnne O\cr I>ecado Ajo.
RFXOGNIZKS PICKPOCKET
• ALTER FOURTEEN YEARS
NEW YORK. Dec. 29.— A call for a mm
m»etlns here to-morrow to consider ways and
rnTxns of securing the Democratic national con
vention for New York In June. 1904, was Is
sued to-day by President Fornes of the Board
of A!derm <> n.
Kxports for tho Xorth.
The steamer Queen, which sailed on Sunday
for /ictcria, carried an assorted merchandise,
cargo consigned to the port of destination and
the principal British Columbian ports, valued
at $11.90ti, and including the following: 5
hhls flour. 1&0f> lbs mealn, 30 is canned goods,
7.V) lbs dried fruit. D pkffn groceries and provi
sion?, 4?o lbs butt»r. 400 lbs dried fish, 233
pkps fresh fruits. 2« pkg«i fresh vegetables. 1
cp brandy, r-0 gals wine, 107.000 lbs pig lead.
IS cyls cas, 1 pk«? dry goods, 354 lbs leaf to
bacco. f>21 ft hardwood, PS3 lbs bone ash, 5
pkgs leather. B pkgs vaper, 20 c« oil; 20 pkgs
iron. 16 pkgs nails, 10 pkgs acid, 23 pkgs
machinery. 10 rs arms and ammunition.
In addition to the foregoing th* pteamer
carried r,77S lbs hops, valued at $1577, en route
to Brisbane, Australia.
California calendars and diaries. Good
for New Year's. Sanborn, Vail & Co. •
hence Dec 26; stmr Marahfleld, from Hardy
Creek; stmr Arctic, hence Dec 27; stmr Alli
ance, from Coos Bay, 'for San Francisco. Dec
29— Stmr Francis H Lecgett, hence Dec 2«.
Sailed Dec 29 — t-tmr North Fork, for San
Francisco; stmr Pasadena, for San Pedro.
Arrived Dec 28— Stmr Spokane, hence 27th.
COOS BAT— Sailed Dec 22— Schr Advent, for
San Francisco.
ABERDEEN— Arrived Dec 29— Schr Fred E
Sander, from San Pedrov
FAIRHA.VEN— Sailed Dec 29— Schr Fear
less, for San Pedro.
SOUTH BEND— Arrived Dec 29— Stmr Ri
val. h*nce Dec 26.
Arrived Dec 23 — Schr Wawona, from San
Pedro.
KVERETT— Arrived Dec 20— Stmr Noyo,
from ' Whatcom.
SEATTLE— Sailed Dec 29— Jap atmr Aokl
Mnru. for China and Japan.
WHATCOM— Sailed Dec 23— Stmr Noyo, for
Everett. - -
KAYAK— Arrived prior to Dec 2R— Schr
Volante, from Ellamar, for Seattle, leaking:.
SAN DIEGO— Sailed Dec 29— Bark Coloma.
for. Port Townsend.
ISLAND PORTS.
MANILA— Sailed Dec 21— Schr Polaris, for
Puget Pound.
HONOLULU— Sailed Dec 28— U S etmr So
lace, for Manila., via Guam.
Arrived Dec 2D— Bark Annie Johnson, hence
Dec 3.
Sailed Dec 28, J» p m— Br etmr Coptic, for
San Francisco. Dec 29. noon — Br stmr Doric,
for Yokohama. Dec 29 — Stmr Nevadan, for
Kahului.
EASTERN PORTS,
NEW YORK— Arrived Dec 28— Stmr Alll
ancn, from Colon.
DELAWARE BREAKWATER —Passed up
Dec 2S-rShlp Tillle E Etarbuck, for Phila
delphia. • ' -
FOREIGN PORTS.
BEACHT HEAD— rassed Dec 27 — Ger bark
Reint*k, from Hamburg, for Port Los An
geles.
GUAYAQUIL— Sailed Dec 10— Ger Btmr Isls.
for Hamburg.
SHANGHAI— Sailed Dec 28— Stmr M S Dol
lar, for MoJI.
PLYMOUTH— Arrived Dec 28— Br ship Or
anasin, nenee Augr 13, for Antwerp (wind
bound).
SYDNEY — Arrived Dec 1">. — Br bark Orm
fary, from, Honolulu. Prior to Dec 29 Br
bark Adderley, from Eureka.
PRAWLE POINT— Passed D*c 28— Br ship
Oranasta, hence Aug 13, for Antwerp.
YOKOHAMA— Sailed Dec 25— Jap Btmr Em
press of Japan, for Vancouver.
HONGKONG — Arrived ec 27— Br stmr Gae
lic, hence Nov 25.
Arrived Dec 2t» — Ptmr Alcoa, from Tacoma.
Sailed Dec 27— Br atmr Indrasamha. for
Portland, Or. ,
LIVERPOOL— In rort Dec 3— Br ship Glen
burn, for San Francisco.
ROTTERDAM— Sailed Xov 20— Br this Cleo
mene, for San Pedro.'
GUAYMAS— Arrived Dec 28— Schr Fred J
.¦Wood, from Grays Harbor.
ALT ATA— Arrived Dec 17— Schr Halcyon,
hence Nov. 15. •
MELBOURNE — Arrived prior to Dec 29 — Br
bark Cloch, hence Oct S.
AUCKLAND— Arrived Dec 28— Stmr Ventu
ra, hence Dec 10.
Sun, Moon and Tide.
An inquest was held yesterday on
the body of Charles E. Carroll, a
switchman, who was killed by being
struck on * the head by a projer^ng
beam from a fence on the belt Ine
railway while he was riding on top
of a freight car. The jury returned
a verdict that Carroll was killed "by
beiag knocked off the train by a beam
projecting near the track. We cen
sure the Harbor Commissioners for
allowing the building of tracks too
near the fence." -
Harbor Officials Censured.
Michael Coleman. a runner for the
Saliors' Home, was arrested yesterday
by the United States Marshal on com
plaint of British Consul Bennett for
having aided three British seamen to
land illegally from the British ship
Lapidus. He was released on $1000
bonds.
Arrested for Crimping.
The British' bark T.adas is chartered for lum
ber and merchandise from this port to Mel
buurne direct (lump sum).
The German «=hlri Alsternixle (on Puget
Pound) is chartered for lumber thence to Cal
lao at 38s tid. '
The t=ch<v:npr Matthew Turner (at Kahului)
v.-as chartered prior to arrival for lumber
from Tacoma to Sydney at 30s. with option of
Melbourne or Adelaide at 37s 6d, or Freeman
tie at 47p «d.
Shipping Merchants.
Matters of Interest to Mariners and
XE\YS OF THE OCEAN*.
When Major Dcvol, superintendent
here of the army transport service,
was in the Philippines he nude a rec
ord for himself as a railroad man.
Since his assignment to his present
duty he has developed into a first-class
steamship manager, and now, on a
modest scale, he is in the field as a
successful marine architect. And all
this in* addition to building an enviable
record as a soldier. Tnc handsome
gasoline launch just completed for ser
vice, between Alcatraz Island and the
city was built according to specifica
tions drawn up by Major Devol and
the railroading - steamboating - ship
building soldier is well pleased at the
successful carrying out of his ideas.
The launch was out for a spin yester*
day and gave a good account of her-
Felf. She will turned over to Uncle
Sam January 1.
The launch will be of great value
to the army families isolated on Al
catraz and hitherto dependent for com
munication with the city upon the reg
ular'but few daily trips of th» steamer
General McDowell. The new launch
will be at the disposal of the com
mandant of the island and every offi
cer stationed there is already figuring
on the social possibilities of an inde
pendent transportation.
The launch, which was built by
Woodley & Cryer. is 50 feet long. 10.9
feet beam and 5 feet deep. Eastern
oak is the material used in the hull
and the cabin has been handsomely
finished, comfortably cushioned and
equipped with conveniences not usually
found on gasoline launches. A llfty
horsepower engine will send the launch
through the water at a 10-knot clip
and incidentally keep in commission an
array of sixteen-randle power electric
lamps and provide illumination for the
searchlight with which the little boat
has been provided. The launch cost
about $6000 and is one of the best
equipped craft of her kind ever seen In
the harbor. ' s
ins; and Is dup here to-day about noon.
Thf Pacific Mail wharves are crowded to the
roof with fr<*lKht. The Oanfa's cargo was dis
charged faster than it rmiH be hauled away,
and while it was still piled on the wharf the
Siberia arrived and commenced vomiting: end
leps bales from her capacious holds. Inciden
tally, the Nippon Maru has discharged a canto
and received another and the Panama boats
have been busy as ueual with heavy New York
/relBht. The result Is an object leswnn on the
Immensity of San- Francisco's Oriental trade
and the inadequate facilities pro\ - lded to han
dle it.
THE FAMOUS OLD WHALING BARK JOHN AND WINTHROP. THE LAST OF THE SPERM HUNTERS TO DE
PART. WHICH SAILED YESTERDAY FOR A BLUBBER HUNT IN THE SOUTH SEAS AND JAPAN
ESE WATERS.
Johnny Ritchie, ez-champion ban
tam-weight of the Qivorld, knock
ed out Georgie Curran in the
'second round. Ritchie was also
in.stilled with new life and sur
prised everybody by his cleverness
jnd punching ability. Curran started
out to mis things in the first round,
but was stopped by some heavy left
hand jabs. Curran landed frequently,
but most of his swings went wild. In
the second Ritchie measured his op
ponent and whenever he swung wild
ly he would step in with a heavy
swing. Two or threp landed a and Cur
ran was up In the air. Ritchie pent
Curran to the floor with two rights
to the head in rapid succession and
Georgie took thp rount. The end was
not far off. Ritchie rushed Curran
into a corner and caught him a heavy
right on the jaw and Curran went out
ct business.
Murphy's nose was battered out of
shape and he bled profusely. The old
timer presented a gory appearance
and the spectators waited expectantly
lor the end. Murphy surprised them,
however, by going the distance and
be had a shade the better of the. bout.
McDevitt was hissed* for calling the
contest a drav.
When Murphy entered the ring he
i\;ts given a great reception. He had
Jimmy Carroll, the ex-lightweight
champion, in his corner, and the days
when the California Athletic Club was
In its prime were recalled.
Australian Billy Murphy came to
life lftst night and made an ex-ama
teur niinied Jack Evans look like a
novice. Referee Jimmy McDevitt
called the bout a draw after six fast
rounds and in doing so gave the old
timer a shade the worst of it. Mur
phy showed some of his old time form
and was cheered in every round. qHjs
left hand went out with unerring fre
quency, but his overhand swings went
widf of their mark. He was as
•foxy" as old man Fitzsimmons and
actually scared Evans by his wild ef
forts. Evans staggered Murphy in
every round, but could not finish him.
Murphy on two occasions sent Evans
to the floor for the count and had
him all at sea.
Billy Murphy and Johnny Ritchcy
Show to Good Advantage.
PRELIMINARY BATTLES.
Emery is a handsome young man.
about 24 years old, a swell dresser and
a general favorite at Boclal functions.
Captain of Detectives Martin 'ias de
tectives working on the case and it is
expected that Emery will soon face his
accusers.
He worked in that capacity for sev
eral months, when the management
discovered that the young man had
failed to account for various sums
of money. He was called to account
and admitted his wrongdoing. He
pleaded for a chance and the firm did
not prosecute him. He was relieved of
his position, however, soon after.
Further inquiry brought to light the
fact that there is no such person as
Rufus Haws or Rufus Thomas. The
signature to the check is very much
blurred and clumsily executed. It is
hard to decipher it, but the signature
resembles either Haws or Thomas.
It is said that the young man has
passed many checks of the same va
riety around town. He was known to
have been spending money quite freely,
although no one quite understood how
he did it, as his position did not war
rant his living in the style in which he
managed to exist.
Young Emery is the son of the late
Rufus C. Emery, formerly manager of
the Arctic Oil Works, a prominent
citizen and member of the Knights
Templar. The father died about a year
ago and soon after young Emery went
to work as a solicitor for the firm of
Whltaker & Ray.
The detectives are on a q,ulet hunt
for Elmer E. Emery, a likely looking
young man, who is accused of having
passed many bogus checks around
town. It is charged that he passed a
bad piece of paper on the firm of Gant
ner & Mattern, proprietor of a knitting
establishment, and he also, it is said,
victimized the firm of Whltaker & Ray.
for which he formerly worked.
Emery passed off the fictitious check
on Gantner'& Mattern on December 23.
He went into the store and ordered
some furnishing goods. In payment he
'gave a check for $30 drawn on the First
National Bank of this city, bearing the
signature either Rufus Haws or Rufus
Thomas, a blur making it impossible to
tell which.
. He is well known at the store and
when one of the proprietors said to him
in a jocular .way. "Well. I hope this
paper Is not bogus," the young man
smiled and replied, "Oh, no; it's all
right. It is signed by my uncle. He
became generous this Christmas and
passed me out a few of these."
Nothing more was thought of the
matter till yesterday, when the check
was sent back marked "void." An in
vestigation was commenced and it re
vealed the fact that no such person as
Rufus Haws or Rufus Thomas had any
funds in the First National Bank.
M. Carlton Sellgman is a fugitive
from justice. He was waiting: trial in
Judge Dunne's court on a charge of
obtaining money by false pretenses and
having failed to appear in court on
two occasions when the case v/as called
the Judge Issued a bench warrant yes
terday for his arrest and declared his
bonds forfeited. His sureties aie John
A. Drplet. 634% Broadway, and W. A.
Stone, broker, 149 Lily avenue. Both
qualified on real estate.
Seligman was arrested on August 1
on comr>la!nt of the local manager of
the Conservative Life Insurance Com
pany of Los Angeles, who alieged that
while Seligman was a solicitor for the
company he had received about $800
commission on policies he had obtained
by false representations. The particu
lar charge on which he was arrested
was for obtaining $60 commission on a
policy in favor of Attorney George H.
Bahrs. He represented himself to-
Bahrs as the local manager of the com
pany and agreed to engage Bahrs as
attorney for the company, promising
him a retainer of $300 per year. He
was held to answer on the charge by
Police Judge Cabaniss on August 28
and his bonds fixed at $1000.
While out on bonds Sellcrman pre
tended to open a wholesale and retail
liquor house at 317 Clay street. About
the beginning of October hs went to
it. L. Ray, internal revenue and cus
toms broker, and wanted him to look
after his bonded" business. He told
Ray that his uncle in St. Lou!s, J. Bas
sard Jr.. would supply him with ample
funds and Ray took him to his own
bank, where Seligman deposited a draft
for $1500 on Bassard. On the strengtJi
of the draft Ray advanced Seligman
$250. "Word was received from Bas
sard that he would not honor any of
Seligman's drafts and Ray notified the
police. Seligman was arrested, but
later paid back the money to Ray and
no action was taken against him.
Before Seligman came here lie had a
meteoric career in cities on Piiget
Sound. On March 21, 1901, he was ar
rested in Seattle for forgery, but his
mother paid the amount and he was
not prosecuted. He also, according to
Chief of Police Hunt of Portland,
passed worthless checks in Tacoma and
Spokane. On June 4, 1901, he was ar
rested in Portland for forgery, and
after being in jail for several months
was.released, his mother coining again
to the rescue with money. '
• Last week Seligman got into trouble
in San Jose for passing a worthless
check, but paid the amount and was
released from custody. That was the
last heard of him. It is said that his
father committed suicide through his
son's misdeeds and his mother died
recently from a broken heart.
Son of Late Manager of the
Arctic Oil Works May Have
to Answer a Felony Charge
Called for Trial Before Judge
Dunne on Charge of Obtain
ing Money by False Pretenses
BONDS ARE FOBFEITLD
SIGNS FICTITIOUS NAME
Corbett rr.issed a hard Tight uppereut for
tie face but a moment later sent the Cali-
JVimian to the floor with right and left to
The Jaw Hanlon took the count of nine. He
•1:1m daac 10 Corbett thr latter trying vainly
10 knock lilm out. Corbett eent In a succeh-
M< n pf rlchti and lefts to the face. Corbett
kept \rllinr el Hanlon's seconds to Ftop the
• cntCEt whfoli they refused to do. Corbett
t!T-n delivered an avalanche of bjows on the
<'allforr.iati'e Jk-v, tending him Ijjck afrainrt
the ropes. The crowd yelled to the referee
to Hop ti 1 ." ¦ content as Hanion yras game to
t. 1 -' con «nd refused t.< «iuit. arssey then in
;erfcreJ ar.ii awarded tl^e U»cUlon to Corbett.
Koiuid Siitccn.
<~orbett tried several lefts to the face at
l"n« range but was phort. He missed a hard
ricnt to th» body and another for the face.
Kidic then pent a straight loft to the face.
Corbett Jabbed wit+i left to the face. Hanion
»«-:r.R coiitcri to re?t. ILanlon nilF^ed a hard
ri«ht *wir.K for the jaw and the champion put
m tisin to the face. Corbett was phort
with a hard right and Eddie blocked seme
herd lrfts for the body. Corbett th< n causht
5i»r.lo:i with rijiht and left to the Momach
¦ad a rtpht uppercut to the chin that sent
ll»r.lon» htad back. Corbett waJed in and
lKndrd right and left hard to the law.
GWKjr ai-ked Hanlon'e seconds to tike their
¦ harpr* pui of the ring, but they refused. Han
loe if lakir.R a most terrific bcatir.K with
j.amcnr?<! seldom seen. He could not fight
-J-ack cffectncly and could hardly rrotect him
fe€lf.
Kouiul Fifteen.
riglit ar.d left to the stomach. Han'.on foug.it
buck liard and landed two terrific swings to
Ute j«» Ho then I'pnt Corbeti back with
ripht to' the jaw Etegjfering tlip champion.
Corbett. however. ' fought back violently and
lsr.ded some telling blows en Hanlon's body.
Corbett sent Hanion to th*> floor with two
lefts to the jaw.- He was down nine Feconds.
They went to a raix-uii and Corbett planted
riKht and left to the jaw. Corbett stood
away jeering away at Hanion. forcing him
to the rones The Bong apparently faved
Hanion from a knockout. Hanion t-tood still.
«-ov*>red hi*- face and body with hie glove* ana
«"orb*tt ranched Jiim as hard as h»- could.
H«nlW1 icfuscd to be knocked out. however,
and when the Eor.g rang went to his corner
v .: !: a (lin.
Coniinurtl From Page 10. Column T.
Detectives Seeking Elmer E.
.Emery," Accused of Swindling
-Business House Out of $30
Powerful Launch Provided by the Quartermaster's'Department Now
Finished and Is a Floating Monument to. the Architectural
Genius of Major Devol, Who Planned Her Construction
Carlton W. Seligman Fails to
Appear and a Beiich AVarrant
Is Issued for His Arrest
SAY HE PASSED
A BOGUS CHECK
POLICE SEARCH
FOR SOLICITOR
ALCATRAZ ISLAND TO HAVE
DIRECT PASSENGER SERVICE
STORY OF CORBETT
AND eiti FIGHT
TOLD BY ROOSDS
THE SAN --FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY/ DECEMBER 30, 1903.
12
Open Sores
can be cleaned out, the suppura-
tion stopped, and a cure effected
by the use of
Only morbid matter is destroyed
by this marvelous germicide, which
allows Nature to build up healthy
Absolutely harmless.
Used ana indorsed by leading
physicians everywhere.
When not at your druggist's, sent
prepaid on receipt of postal note
for 25 cents for trial bottle
Th* ircr:z* —^
•Terr Uhet.- M^TJ f , i ¦»
til'.O Priace Street, New York.
FRrE-Tait.aU* BwOJet «¦ H»w U Treat BbeaMa.
ADVEBTISESIENTS.
ZLAILWA7 TSAVZLb
CALIFORNIA.
LIMITED TO CHICAGO
LEAVES DAILY
at 9:30 a. m., throujrh In 3 dayi,
with diner and all trapplnsri.
Other Santa re Trains:
7:30 a. m. ] t0T Stockton. Fr^no. BakersHeld.
»:30 a. m. f Merce( j. Hanford and Vlsalla.
8:00 p. m.J
4:00 p. m. for Stockton.
8:00 p. m. for Kansas City. Grand Canyon and
Chicago. - j
TICKET orriCE — 641 Market St.. ana
Ferry Depot, S. T. Also 1112 Broad-
way, Oakland, Cal. ¦
H~~ TOSANRAFAEL,
ROSS VALLEY, ;
MILL VALLEY,
CAZADERO, Etc
via Sanaalito rerry.
tsnhiirhan Seivice Standard Gauge Electri«: —
Depart r fr a om S sU Da.ly-7:00 8:0O.
KPOM SAN KAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO
Dailv-5-25 6 35 7:40. 8:35. 0:35. 11:05 a.
m.? 12:20 lliii. 2:55. 3:45. 4:45. 5:45. «:45.
8 : FROM = MILL m ' VALLEY TO SAN FRAN-
r ,c?O-- Daily— »: 45. «:5S. 7:52. 8:55. 0:83.
H-O^Tm. 12^35. 2:00. 3:15. 4:05. 6:05. 6:05.
T-iiv 9-00 10:35 p.m. - ,'
..05. s ; w - Through TRAINS.
ROO a m dall>— Caxadero and way stations.
5 : 15 pi m". week days (Saturdays excepted)—
Tornales and way stations.
3:15 P. m. Saturdays— Cazadero aad way «ta-
""sifndays only— 10 a. m.. Point Reyes and
W TlClfET n OFFlCE— 626 Market st. ; '¦ •'
FERRY — Union Depot. . foot of Market st.
Mt. TAMALPAig Railway
" Leave Via SnmUts Hrrj Arrive
San Fra odsc* t—i «f Mirtw at San Fran else*
Week Snr>- BB S-jo- Week
Pars, days XSffi3&S@W days Dayn.
•ll»i»8:OOA ESg$iw&b l»:o»rf^?Qi
•t:45r »:OOa JBbRSSS&S l:**r 3:5.#p
5:15r 1O:OOa \&^£3gW >:50p r>:nn P
11:OOa 4:60p t:SOy
1:45p V^|r 5:5Op
»*?**¦{ '^Er ' ViBt** .
"Owaiet Titt *k» *r " Kftm **t TOw flay
TICUT J «26 Ma«jc«t ST..(Notta Shore Railrcadj
VKa | tad SAOtAixro Fbkkt, F«ot Uarkm St
./ "V BAILW AY TRAVEL.
SOUTHERN PACIFIC
| <M»;n Line, foot »f lUrkej Street »
T«»t« - rMJTWzc mi*****- '*"• ~ *»«"». '
7.00* VkOTiile. Winter*. Uu.u»ey. ....... 7 5j*
7.00 a Benicin. SuUun. Elmlra »nd S.«:r»- --^-j
7 JO a V™leji" N«pi,""'CalYsVoir». Sant»
tt.wa. Martinez. S*n Kinnon..... 5-ZjP
7.30a Kile*. Lireriaore, Tracy, Latnrop.
Stockron .. •••• '***
8.09a 6h«it* Exprew— (Via Davis*.
" Wtnura. «for Bartlett Spring).
. . Wlllowi t-Knito. Ked Ulu*.
Portl*n<t. Tacoina. Seattle '• SJr
8 03a D»T!f.WooU!«nil. Knlgits La.id.ux. „
Muryiivllle. Orotill-r '•<*¦»*
8 33a Port Co*ta. Msrtlaez. Aatloeo.
Byron. Tracy. Stockton. >•*¦
mis. Lo* Uano«. Men dot*.
Armons. lUnfurd. V 1**11*.
PorterrNle 4.Z5»
8 33a Tort Ctwta, Martinez. Tracy. L«h-
rou. Mudettu, MerceU. Fresno.
Gusben .! unction, li an ford.
Vlssll*. nsfcenfleUl 4.55»
8.30a Slle», 8»n Jo»e. LlTermore. Swclt-
toii. (?MIISou). looe. Sitcrameuio.
' ri»cer»l1le. M»rj«»llle, Chico.
Kwl lllafT : 423? ,
830a O»kdnle.C&Ines«, J»jneuown. So
nor*. Tuolumne *ud Angels 4 2?*
9 00. Atlantic Expr«n*-OKden*n.i B««. 11.25a
S.30a i:teh;.iuad. M.rUaez .nd W»y
Stations •¦•¦.. 6-5j*
10 00a The orerlsni Limited - usd.a.
OenTer. Omaht. CU!ca««j 8 25^
10.00a V»ilejo •_•••• 122i*
10.00^ to* Ansreies P»s«en$er - Port
Costa. Martinez. Byron, Tracy,
I.«throp. Stock ton. Merced. ,
Raymond. Fresno. Goeben June- '•
tton, H«nford. Lemoore, Vlsslla.
B«*er»fletrl. Lo« ABtre'.en 7-23*
12 00m Hayw.rd. Nliesund Way Stations 3 2j?
t* 00f Sacramento lllver S teamen 1 1 UJr
i33r Benicls. Winter*. Sacramento.
Mary»Ti:ie, Ororllle sai way
stations IU9j4
3JC* Hsywerrl.Jfiiei sad Way Stations.. 7 5 i»
3 30r Port Coita. M*rtiaer.. Byron.
Tr»cy. Lathro?. Mode* to.
Merced. Fresno sad Way Star
lions beroad Port Costa -.. 12 25*
3 30r Martinez. Trsey. Stockton. Lodt... 10.23*.
4 00* M»rtlae«.San lUm-.n.VslleJo.Nspa.
CallitoB*. S.tuta Rot* 9 Z5*
4 OOr Kllea. TracT. Stockton. Lodt ...... 4.25P
ASQr Hayward. Kile*. Irrineton. Saaj tS.Sj*
Jose. Ll»ermore I lll.55i
E COr Tb« Owl Uintied— Sewm<n. Lo*
runus. M#ndo:». Trttao. Tulara.
BikersOeld. Los Angeles. . ,
Golden Stste Limited Sleeper.
Oakland to Lns Angele*, for Chi-
cago. ria C. R. I. * r\ 855*
F.COf PortCoita.Tracy.Stockt-.il 12 2j?
tB 30r Hayward. Nile* and Saa Jose. 7234
6.00* Hayward. Nile* and Sao Jose 9i»A
6.C0r Eattera Ezpress— Opden. Denver.
Oraatlm. St. Louis. Chicago «u 1
EstL fort Costs. Benlc'x Su!-
»un. Elmlrs, Uarln, S*cr»nient->,
rtocklln. Auburn. Colfax.l
Truekee. Boca. Keno. Wad*- «
wortn, TV'Innemucca — ...— ' 5-2™*
8 00p ValleJo.dJiily. -xcept Sunday J 7 SS>
7.00* Vsliejo. Sunday only f
7X0* hlcntnond. S*n P«hlo. Pr | Ccsta.
M«rti»ez snd W»y Stations 11.23*
8X6* Oresun & California. Express— Ssc-
Tameuto, MarysTllle. Redding.
Portland. Pucet Sor>nd and E**C. 8 5 J A
91 Op Hayward. Nile* and S_i Joie (Sun-
dayon!y>. ¦ 1155a
COAST LIN E (>arr»w Oausrej.
(Foot of Market Street.) ,
8- 15a Newark. Oentervtlle. Saa Jose,
Felton. B"-laer Creek. 8anta
Cms and W .» Station* 5 5j*
12-15* Sewark. Center»llle. Ran Jo«o. •
>ewA1mader l.»< »ia:..». Fflton. >
Boalder Cree». Santa Crui and
Principal Way Station* t10-33»
4 16* Newark. Ban Josr.LusUsios and ,t «85|*
way station* 1 1 Q 5 5 *
c3 33p Honters T»«!n. Saturday onlv. S«a
.!.»•» idl -Vav >r»t: >t*. Retara-
f*z fTnm Lo« r,»c<>» 8nnH»T onl». il 25>
OAK LA N"D~rTA R'BCTfV FE R RY.
IwnhAS HiA> CISCO. Fout.-r M»rket St. <31I{»«
-fl:19 »:0» 11. : a.m. 1C0 3 CO 5-15*.».
rron OAKLAND, Foot of Croadway — 1«:0O £}:•!
ff^» .IP-.ea a.m. 12CC'2C0 400rjr
COAST LINE <Bro««« «•¦«•'.
(jp iTnlrd «n<> r owm»end Street*.)
B.10a B»n Jo*e «nd~^*«y Statlt^-* 630f
7 00 a 8«n Jo«e *od W»y Static^* 638*
8 00 a New Almaden (Tues.. Frld.. only>. 4-13*
8 00a The Coaatf— Stops only San Jo*e.
Gllrojr ('onnertlon for nollts-
ter), Pajsro. Jastrevl1}fi (con-
necttoa to and from Jter«terey
and PaLtfle Grore). Salinas. Saa
Ardo. Pa»o Roble*. Santa Mar-
Itarlt*. Saa I "i* obUpo. prtnclp*!-% ;
•t»tionsthea.e Sarf (connecti^j-*
for Lompoc* prtneip*! t»utlou<
thence Santa »>srb»rs,?f.nBuena- -_.
Tentu'ra, Ssnstas. Los /^seles... 10.4w
8.C0a San Joxe. Tres Plnos. vapitols,
6autaC'raz.PaclfleGroTe.SalInaa.
San Lois Oblspo and Principal
W«y Station* > ... j) .._-.... 4.10»
10.30a fan Jo*« and W»y SUttons...© .. 1-20*
1130a Santa CIsrs, bsn Jote, Lo* Gatos
sad Way Station* 730*
130* Ssn Joiesnd Way Stations S3S*
A.CO* Del Monte Kipre»r. Santa Clart,
t>aa Jose. Del Maul*. Uoat«rey.
Pacific Grove (connects at Saata
Clara for Santa Craz. Hoi:.!»r j
Creek aaid Karro»^.1anjePolnu>
at Gllroy for Ho'Mster. Tres
Plso* n CastrATllle -for Salinas. 12-18*
3^0* Tres Pluv)S war Pas«enB:er 1045*
4 30* haa ,!o«e snd Wsy Stations to CO*
tSOOi* Ssn Joie. (»la Ssnw C'.sra) Los .
Gato*. and Principal Way Sta-
tion* (except Sunday! .+3 00*
<b20* SanJoseaad -".nci^ai^ayPtatinn. ¦ }3 4O»
S-tllP Snoset Llm'-»d.— Redwood. Sun
Jose. GI!ro?.oa!!aa».P**'» Koblea.
San Lois O'r'spo, 8»sta Barbara.
Los Anjflfi. riemlnsr. El Va<\
Kew Orlean*. New York. Con-
nects st Psjsro fir S«nt» Crf
and at Ca«rori:i« for PaclL'^
Grova and Way 8tattons 7 15a.
tf .16* S»nM*teo,Bere*ford.Belmont.8aa
Carlo*. Redwood. **lr Oakv
Men:oP*r*- P*loAlVi ta.«a»
| jar S*a Jose anfr W»y Stations. 6 38*
8-OOp Palo Alto and way Starloas 10.15*
11 .30* booth SanFrsnclico. Millbrae. Bar-
- ltnxsme. 6sn M'^eo, Belinoirt,
S»n Csrlos. Redwood, Fair Oak*.
Men!o Park, and P*lo Alto 9.43*
«11-30* May«eld. Monatala View, Snnny-
?ale. Lawrence. S*nt* Clara and
8m Jon t9.43»
A for Morninn. P f or Afternooo.
1 Sanday ezeepted. t Sundir only,
it 8stard»7 only.
I Stop* at all statioas en Sunday.
E*r~Only iraln* *toppta»i »t Valencia St. sonthhou*
»r-«:I0A.K..7:0OA.M., 11:30 a.M-,S;S0p.m.. 6. S0p.». sji
1:00 P.M.
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. CO.
LESSEE
SAN FRANCblO ANj NURTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tlburoa Ferry, root of Market Street*
SAN PKANC1SCO TO SAN BA7AEX*.
WEEK DAYS— 7:30. 9:«'O 11:00 a. m. ; 12:33.
3:30. 5:10. 6:30 p ra. Thursdays — Extra trip
at 11:30 p. m.
Saturdays — Extra trip at 1:M> and It ¦*$ P- ro.
SITNDATS— «:<v) »:S0 11:00 a. m. ; 1:30.
3:30 R:Cf» fi:2O 11:30 p. m.
SAW BAPAEL TO SAN FBANC1SCO,
WEEK DAT53— «:0S. 7:S5 7:5O O.I'V 11:13
»- m. : 12:5« 3:40. ."i:(K» S:2O p. m.
Saturdays — Extra trip at 2:05 and 8:33 p. m.
SVNDATS— 8:0O. J»:4O 11:15 a. m. ; 1:40. 3:40.
4:55. S;05. 6:23 p. m. _^
Leave I In Effect I Arrive
San Francisco. | Sept. 27. 1903. |San Franclsctx
Week I Sun- I Destlna- I Pun- I WeeVc
Days. I days. | tion. | days. {Days.
7:30 a 8:00 a 9:10a! S:4Oa
P:3Oa Ignad». 10:40 a|10:2n a
3:30 p 3:30 p «:OS p 6:C0 p
S:10pi 6:00 p 7:35 pi
7-30a 9:10a! 8:40 s
«:0Oa N'ovato. 10:40 a|10:20 »
3:30 p !»:3Oa Tetaluma «:<V5 p! 6:20 p
3:10 p S:3Op and 7:33 p|
B:COp Santa Rosa. I
7:30 a! 10:40 a 10:20 a
I R:<V>a Fulton. 7:35 p 6:20 p
3:30 p| 3:30 p ' •
j ] Windsor. ' j "
7:30 al 8:00 a Healdsburs. 10:40 a!l0:20 a
1 I.ytton. |
3:30 pi 3:30 p CeyRerville. 7:35 pi 6:20 p
| ' Cloverdale. . I
TIHoaTsTotl al Ilopiand. |1O;4O a|10:2O a
3:30_p!_3:30p| _«nd UTtlah | 7:35 p|JJ:20 p
~7T30a| 8:00 a | Wllllts. 1*7:35^1 6:20"p
~7:30a| R:0Oaj )1O:4O aH0:2O a
, 3:30p|3:30p[ Guernevllle. | 7:35 pi 6:20 p
~7:3Oa| 8:00 al SonomaT t ©:!(>¦» SriVia
B.lOpI 5:00 p| Glen Ellen. 1 B:05 pi 6:2t>p
7:3Oa|~8:fiOa( Jio7»rt a)10:20 a
3:30 pi 3:30 p| Sebaatopol. j 7:35 p! 6:20 p
STAGES connect at Green Hrae for San
Quentin; at Santa Rosa for White Sulphur
Springs: at Fulton for Altrurla and Mark W»*t
Springs; at I.ytton for L.ytton Springs: at Gey.
servllle for Skaggs Springs; at Cloverdale for
the Geysers. Booneville and Greenwood: at
Hoplan<1 for Duncan Springs. Highland Springs.
Kelseyville. Carlsbad Springs. Soda Bay. I.ake-
port and Bartiett Springs; at Uklah for Vichy
Springs. Saratoga Springs. Blue Lakes. Laurel
I>eM Lake. Witter Springs. TTpper Lake. Poiso
Potter "Valley. John Day's. Riverside. Llerly".-«.
BucknelTs Sanherfrln Heights. Hullvllle. Orr'j
Hot Springs. Halfway House. Comptche, Camp
Stevens. Hopkins. Mendocino City. Fort Bragg
Westport. LJpal: at Wllllts for Fort Bragg
Westport. Sherwood. Cahto, Covello. Layton-
vtlle. Cumrnlngs, Bell's Springs. Harris. Ol-
sen'a. Dyer. Garbervil'.e. Pepperwood. Scotia
and Eureka.
Saturday to Sunday round-trip tickets at re-
duced rates.
J On Sunday round-trip tlck-fs to al! points
I beyond San Hnfael at half rates.
i Ticket offices C;0 Market street. Chronicle -
bui!dinc. ,td
H. C. WHTTINO." R. X. RTAN. V~
¦ Cen. JUanaser. Gen. P<»<<s. A?t.
WeeKly Call 11.00 mrTnBoston Wool Market.
As usual on Tuesday the receipts of vegeta
bles from Los Angeles were very light, but
carried over stock was plentiful, and , as offer,
. Fine Burbank Potatoes from Salinas and
Oregon . continued to move freely at previous
prices.' Salinas had the most call and stocks
In first hands were very light. River Burbanks
continued to arrive freely and price* were
easier, as dealers were anxious to keep clean
ed up. The "best lots met with a good demand,
but common and inferior offerings were dull,
with supplies accumulating. Garnet Chi!e3
were In good request for seed and firmly held.
The three cars of Sweets that came in on the
preceding day did not clean up as well aa
expected and prices were shaded. Onions were
firm and the best lots found ready sale at an
advance. . ¦ '." ¦ • ..- .
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
"Wheat ctls lO.projBran. ska 810
Barley ctls ... lS.f 9*1 Middlings, sks.. 45O
Oats ctls BfiOO'Feed «ks 4C0
WASHINGTON.
Flour Qr sks .. 8. 732 j Shorts, sks ... 2.5TO
Barley ctls ... 2.7.T»: Flaxseed. sks .. 3.0CS
Oats, ctla 4.6-3'
OREGON".
FOR TUESDAY. DECEMBER 29.
Flour, qr eka .. 14.39Tf Screenings, aka. 2C8
Barley, ctls 16.175|Feed. sfcs «
Oats ctls eoO.Tallo-w. etls ... 215
Corn" East.. ctls 1.2OO| Pelts. No. .... 4SO
r#ans« sks 12^ Hides Nn 1.785
Potatde- sks .. 3. «.«0 .Raisins, bxs .. l,3r>O
Bran sks 1.1 CO) Leather, rolls .. M
Hay tons r'OjWlne gala .... Zo.VO
StraW tons .... 10; Sugar, ctls .... 2?O
Hor». bales .... 143| Paper, reama .. 80
Wool, bales .... 71'
Receipts of Produce.
Hides are quoted somewhat firmer, as Eu
rope has recently been a free buyer in the
East. Dry stock is quoted higher, but salted
stock r* mains unchanged.
Tfca .situation in Hops continues satisfactory.
Owing to the recent brisk demand the supply
In growers' hands all over the Coast has teen
reduced to a fraction of the crop, and the
feeling Is very steady at the good prices.
There is more doing in Wool and quite^ a
little ha3 been moved during the pa3t few
days but at concessions from the quotations
below the shadlnj? being necessary to move
the gbods. Prices are not actually lower,
taking the market as a whole, however.
HIDES AND SKINS— Culls and brands sell
about H<81c under quotations. Hsavy Salted
Steers. 0c: medium. 8c: light, 7%c: Cow Hide*.
7Uc for heavy and "Uc for light; Stags, 5c;
Salted Kip 9c: Salted Veal. 10c; Salted Calf.
10%c;dry Hides, 13<S16c: dry Kip. 13c: dry Calf.
IRc: Sheepskins, shearlings. 25@30c each; short
"Wool, 40©60c each; medium. 70@00c: Ion,;
"Wool $J*71 . p <f»- Horse Hides, salt. $2 75 for
large and $2«?2 50 for medium. $1 2o«l 75 for
fmall and 50c for Colts: Ho.se Hides, dry.
$1 75 for large and $1 50 for medium. $l«il 23
fcr small and 50o for Colts. Buck S\cln3 — Dry
Mexican. 31c: dry salted Mexican. 25c: dry
Central American. Sic. Goat Skins — Prime An
gora*. 75c; Iar_re a_d sir.cotli. 30c; medium, 33c;
smell. 2«V.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered. 4Hc per lb; No.
2. 4c: frr?a?<». SVifiutc. ' "
'WOOI, — Fall clip— Sar. Joaquln Lambs'; Wit
llo: Middle County. U«?12c; Northern Free.
HC12c; Northern Defective. lCSllc: Humboldt
Hide*, Tallow, Wool and Hops.
NEW YORK, Dec. 29.— Spot tin declined £2
7s 6d to £130 7s b'd in London, and futures
lost £2 12s Cd, closing at £131 7s Cd. Locally
tin was easy, with" spot quoted $2S*50@2S 90.
Copper advanced 5s in London to £50 17s Od
for spot and £50 10s for futures. Locally
copper remains quiet. Lake. $12 37'/.<f{12 02%;
electrolytic. ?12 25@12 50; casting. $12 12%@
"Lead advanced 3d to £11 3s 9d In London,
but was unchanged here at ?4 37%.
Spelter advanced 2b' Cd in London to £21' 7s
Cd, but was unchanged here at $5.
Iron closed fit 4!»s lOd in Glasgow and at
43b in Middles-boro. Locally Iron waa qufet,
but firm. No. 1 foundry. Northern, 13 nomi
nally quoted at $15@16; No. 2 do, $14@15; No.
1 foundry. Southern, and~ No. 1 foundry,
Southern soft, $13 50®14. '¦-.-,
Nezv York Metal Market.
Continued dry weather will be very apt to
affect quotations for Lima and small White
Beans, but at present the market Is quiet, as
usual at the close of the year, though the feel-
Ing Is firm. Seeds remain Inactive at previous
BEANS— Bayos, $2 30«T2 40; Pea. $3: But
ters $3 25; small White. $2 85HT3; large White.
$2 40<g2 60: Pink $2 05©2 80: Red. %1 50;
Lima $3<jr3 10; Red Kidneys. $4®4 10: Black
eye $2f»2 15 per ctl: Horse Beans. $1 50@2.
SEEDS — Brown Mustard. $3: Yellow Mus
tard. $2 (55®2 80- Flax ?1 Sd_?l 90; Canary.
5&5V.C for Eastern: Alfalfa. llfi)14c: Rape.
lV4({?2c: Timothy. 0@0Hc; Hemp. 3>4©3tyc cer
lb; Millet. "S^Vjc; Broom Corn Seed. $20@23
per ton. " . .
DRIED PEAS— rGreen. $1 80®2 per ctl.
Beans and Seeds.
NEW YORK. Dec. 29.-The rise In call
money "rates to a 7 per cent maximum to
day had the unmistakable effect of the prepara
tion for the annual settlements and made it
self felt in the i-tock speculation. An effort
was made to retrieve the reaction in the late
dealings by vigorous advances in United States
Steel stock* and in Southern Pacific and Union
Pacific, but the general list did not respond
effectually to this treatment, and prices fell
back again, making the closing weak and
active. The day's net changes show some fair
gains In the active list and some striking
trains in the Inactive specialty lift, but the
highest prices of the day were not held In any
case and the gains were wiped out in conspic
uous stocks. The flurry in the money market
had more effect in suspending the buying and
the bidding up process than In inducing any
•rtensive liquidation. The feverish and ex
cited tone of the cotton market probably re
flected also a process of clearing up for the
year-end settlements. ' It has scarcely been
exacted that the year would be turned with no
perceptible pinch In the money market, espe
cially since the revelation of the heavy loan
expansion last week. The fact that require
ments for January disbursements call • cer
tainly for $135,000,000, and up to an estimated
maximum of $150,000,000, points to the inev
itable necessity of a temporary pinch while
this huge sum is changing hands. It was
well understood that while the sums accumu
lated In preparation for these needs were lying
on deposit, and Idle they, were put oat on call
until they were wanted, with, the clear pros
pect that loans would be called in very large
volume about the first of January. But the
market has advanced in face of these secu
rities in the conviction that the flurry - In
money would certainly be ¦ brief and that the
resources in hand would quickly return to the
channels of tbe money market. The action of
prices to-day brought some reconsideration to
the "speculative minds, . as is invariably the
case -with a reversal of ¦ a market ¦ movement
without regard to new developments.- ¦¦ ¦
Tbe neyir bona offerings of the week are ac-
Nezv York Stock Market.
EASTERN MARKETS.
It turns out that the two large orders for
Mess Beef for the Russian Government re
ported from Chicago and Kansas City were
placed with a San Francisco house, which di
vided them between the two Western cities
above The compete order calls for about
S. 000, OCA lbs or 1500 tens. •
The Chicago market was lower, but there
wan a good Southern demand for cash stock.
Aside trom the large Russian order there
is nothing new in the local market, which is
quiet all arcxind at unchanged prices.
CURED MEATS — Bacon, ll^c per lb for
.heavy, 12a for light medium. 14c for light.
14i/jC for extra llrht. ISc for sugar-cured and
20c for extra sugar-cured: Eastern sugar-cured
Hams. 14c: California Hams. 11H«?13 t ic: M-sa
Beef $11 50 per bbl: extra Mess. $12^12 50;
Family. $13: prime Mess Pork. $17: extra clear.
$24: Mfss $10: Dry Salted Pork. 12c; Pig Pork.
$2S: Pies' Feet. $5 25: Smoked Beef, 15c per lb.
LARD — Tierces quoted at 7V^-c per lb for
compound and 9e for pure; half-barrels, pure,
5>V.c; 10-lb tins. 9%c; 5-lb tins. Oftc; 3-lb tins.
10c.
COTTOLENE— One half barrel. 8*£c: three
half barrels. 8}»c; fne tierce. S&c; two tierces,
8>,<ic; five tierces. B%c »>er lb.
Provisions,
The situation in Hay is becoming very firm.
Receipts are light, stocks up north and down
south are small and local dealers say that both
the two northern States, j».s well as the south
ern r-»rt of this State, may have to come Into
this market for supplies ere long. In addition
dry weather is beginning to Influence the mar
ket, as letters of complaint on this score are
being received from Gllroy, Holllster and other
large districts south of the bay. Prices show
no change, however.
Stocks of Bran and Middlings are light, as
th" north is sending down very little at pres
ent, and the market for all Feedstuffs is quoted
firm.
BRAN — $lflW20 per ton.
MIDDLINGS — *20 50<&fS 50 per ton.
SHORTS— *19®20 rer ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley |23«24 per
ton: Oil Cake M-al at the mill. *27©29 50:
lobbing. S29<S:30: Cocoanut Cake. $21@22: Corn
Meal. $28 :>0@2!> 50; Cracked Corn. $20ff30;
Mixed Feed. |22@23; Horse Beans. ?3C@40 per
HAY— Wheat. $13 50/^16; Wheat and Oat.
$13«!15 TO; Oat. $12fi.l4 150; Wl!d Oat. $10 500
12 50; Barley. $10ff?13; Stock nominal — none
here: Alfalfa. $10@l2 50 per ton.
STRAW— 40@C5c per bale.
Hay and Feedstuff s.
NEW YORK. Dec. 20. — Opening weak at an
advance of 1 oolnt -to a decline of 11 points,
the cotton market to-day ruled sensationally
active, with fluctuations that for rapidity, vio
lence, breadth and Irregularity have not been
witnessed before in the recollection of th*
trade. Cables at first were steady, but later
eared off under what was described ns Ameri
can sellins and after tho local opening prices
for the flist few minutes ruled weak under
liquidation, showing at the end of tho first
fifteen minutes let losses .of about 20 to 25
points. Following this the local bull leaders
started buylnz and prices advanced to about
the final firure of last night. During the re
malndfr of the morning fluctuations, while
Irregular, showed a. downward tendency until
shortly after midday, when they were at about
the lowest tiolnt s> far for the session, with
March selling around 13.01c, May at 14c and
July at 14.03e. The market had adopted a
rather steady look around this level, when
suddenly there came such an outburst of sell-
Ing as has rarely been seen. In less than no
time -.irlces were tumbling. July selling down,
from l3.0€c to l.'t.SOc In two salts, whllo
March reached 13.05c and May 13.4Sc, these
being net declines- of a little over %c. , Al
most Bt once, however, the bis bulls started
buying, the room <xecuted a rlght-about-fac,
and within thirty minutes from the beginning
of the decline prices had recovered nearly half
of the loss. Tl'.e market then tamed down
somewhat and closed steady at a net decline
of 41 to 53 -mints. Smiles were estimated at
1,500,000 bales.
Nezu York Cotton Market.
NEW YORK, Dec. 20.— Special cable and
telegraphic communications received by Brnd
streefs show the following changes in avail
able supplies, as compared with la?t account:
Wheat — United States and Canada, east of
the Rcckle3, lncreas«d 1,1<;2,COO bushels; afloat
for and In Europe, decreased 1.1)00, COO bush
els; total supply decreased 798.000 bushels.
Corn — United Etirtes and Canada, cast of
the Rockies, decreased 73,000 bushels.
Oats — United States and Canada., east of
the Rockies, decreased 301,000 bushels.
Visible Grain Supply.
The millers continue to re_x>rt a fair move
ment in Flour and Millstuffs at steady and un
changed quotations.
Minnearoll* reports the Flour demand in the
Northwest somewhat Improved, with the Orient,
prlnciDally Japan, buying freely. Within the
p«Ft week Minnenpolls mills have placed al
most 100.C00 bbls of Flour for shipment to
Japan.
FLOUR— California Family Extras. $t 60®
4 85 usual terror, llakera 1 Extras. $4 50® I tfO;
Oregon and Washington, $3 00S4 20 per bbl for
Family and $¦'! DCfrl 40 for Bakers'.
MILLSTUFFS — Prices in packages are as
follows: Graham Flour $3 25 per 1C0 lbs;
Rye Flour W 25; Rye Meal. $3; Rice Flour,
$7: Corn Meal. $-1 25; extra cream do. $4: Oat
Groats, $4 50; Hominy. $4f5'4 25: Buckwheat
Flour $» 50<S'4 75; Cracked Wheat. $3 75; Fa
rina ?» 50; Whole Wheat Flour. $3 50; Rolled
Oats', bbls $7 2508 (10; In sacks. $6 75@8 10:
Pearl Barley, $fl. Split Peas, boxes. $7; Green
Peas, $5 50 per 100 lbs.
Flour and Millstuffs.
Late mail reports from New York say:
"Reports from tbe eoast continued of a firm i
Eature. with a good, steady demand from deal- I
*rs, especially for the medium grades. It \ras ¦
learned tfcat sale* were made in California of •
300 bales Sacramentos at 22^2:'.i;. and there j
alro were rei>orts of gales in Oregon at the !
* (•..:¦•• figures for medium grades, and up to iioc 1
wafe paid for choice selections. The market for i
Elate Hciis wag firm and there was tome j
.trading. Bales being reported of about 200 bales I
"it f-ill cricea. Th* local market was firm at i
unchanged prices. There were no new de- !
velopmenis reported from the European mar- j
kejF.« Stocks remaining in growers' hands on
the coast are now placed at about 10,000 to !
12,000 Kits."
„ Government Crop Report.
_______
, Final returns to the Bureau of Agriculture
from regular and epecial correspondents, sup
plemented by reports of special field agents,
phow the acreace of production and value In
firtncipal farm <rop* of the United State.*, 190:1.
ro have b?en at> fellows: Acreage wheat —
Spr*n(?. UJBStliSiZ winter. 32.510..M0; corn,
S»*.OJ<1 .1«I3 ; cat*, r7,CS>\li:U; barley. 4.JW3.137.
( Productlcnh — Spring. 3iy.8t;7.25O; winter,
forn. 2.244,I7«.'.»2jr oats 7K4.OV4.
. >m; berley.-131>01,:a»l bufhels.
Values: Wheat — Spring. fl.Vi.7Sl.077; wln
, t.T. «2S0.242.S«»; corn. $S_J2,fct!5,S01; oats, $207,
pCljCg* bariei, *Cfl,l ( 'C,3IC.
:. C'Tfie- Weather' and Crops. !
• •'•TKe t«*r+Jly re_xirt"of A. G. McAdie, section
. tTiroctor of the Climate and crop ser»-ice of the
¦.\Ve*|b<^* Bureau, i? *« follows:
•," _, . • -'GENERAL SUMMARY.
: ;-'The vr'aif-r during the week *-a« clear and
¦«xSi In the «*r.tral and northern lU'ctlona and
,-_KBxiB and clear m tbe south. Low, land fogs
';w«;re trr-quf-nt in th? great valleys.' Light to
k heavy fronts occurred nearly every day In mo->t
but caused no damage. No rain fell
during ''the wetio
The soil )s in e_c*ll'-nt condition In the cen
"tral and northorr. wciinnr. and rapid progress
¦is being niaiie in all farming o;>erations. but
in the Houth the soil Is too dry and hard for
;iircfit-b!e cultivation and all farm work in
backward. Early fown grain I* thrifty and
making good growth ¦ ?¦xce.rt in the ¦ southern
districts. A large- acrei^e of wheat, oats and
barley ha« bwn f='-ctlcd In the Sacramento and
San Joequin valleys and the northern portion
of the r<;_9t _nd bay sections, and tjiia will be
materially Increased. Green feed is abundant
in the central and northern section?, and cattle I
are In good cor.Cltion; in the south pasturage
ie very J'carce snJ the Icng-contlnued use of
dry feed has e*rious!y affected Ft<vk.
Oranges liave not been damaged by frost
during the *e»son, but were considerably In
jured by high wlr.oc and cool nierhts In South
ern California early In the month: the crop Is
n< arly all 'gathered In the Porterville and Oro
ville districts, where the season has been very
profitable. Pruning is progressing in orchards
ar.d vlneyarUs. Strawberries are unusually
plentiful
SACRAMENTO VALLEY.
The weather during the week was generally
cits- with fog* In the morning. Tbe teaiper
ature* vai elifhtly below normal and heavy
frost* were frequent, but caused no damage.
Plowing *e«?alnsr and orchard cultivation are
proRif-sKing rapidly In all sections. Early sown
rraln Is looklrr we!l and making rood growth.
Green feed i« plentiful end cf excellent quality.
Stock art in good condition. The orange crop
hns not been injured by frost and Is nearly
¦ all rathercd; the yield, and quality were very
.Fatisfactcry- Strawberries are unusually plen
fUl ' COAST AND BAY SECTIONS.
«"1f>ar weather prevailed during the week,
exoept on the northwest coast, and tbe tem-
Tf-rature was nearly normal. Light to heavy
fronts occurred in most places, but caused no
<1ama~e In the central and northern sections
th*- soil is in excellent condition aad farm work
ifi progressing rapidly, but In the southern dls
*fclrt» the toll i» dry and hard and Cultivation
\M be(ri), seriously retarded. Green feed is
'Vler.tiful except In the south. Early grain Is
thrifty in tbe central and northern nectlons,
but i« very backward in the south. Pruning
continues in orchards and vineyard*.
SAN JOAQUIN VALLEY. . ¦
Cool ttfi cloudy or lossy weather prevailed
New York Hop Market.
Opening- 2S 30 28 30
Closing 28 30 23 o5
LIVERPOOL. .
Wheat— Dec. March. May.
Opening « 4 T <, « 4«-' v
Closing 4 t!4 T i 6 4^i
PARIS.
AVheat — Dec. Mar.-June.
Opening 21-80 2125
Clnslnif 21 85 21 20
Flour —
Foreign Futures.
3*he fcllowing . are the seasonal rainfalls to
date, as compared with those of same date last
fcascn, and 'rainfall in last twenty-four hours:
Last This Last
Stations — 21 hours, season, season.
Kuixka 0.00 17. 2S 21. 4S
It«-d.Ulufr.^. O.OQ 11.81 rf.4."5
farramtnto ..:... <».00 4".'4.1 "3. CO
Kan Francisco. :...... 0.00 6.02 • 5.9S
Fresno ¦. 0.00. 0.*>S 3.21
Independence 0.00 0.42 0.83
San Luis Obispo....!. 0.00 0.S2 0.00
Lcs Anstlos..'. 0.00 0.43 4.97
S^an Diego 0.00 0.40 6.W
Tin: COAST RECORD.
= g 2 r »
i i% vs ¦ si *a r
. STATION. -S= 53 '3 : £
: £ = ¦ : §'
Haker .... "0.5<J 28 14 SK Cloudy Too
Car«on JO. 40 4H 12 N\V Clear .00
Eureka 30.14 ."i NW Clear .CO
Farallon :iO.l(> r»t> 4S N Clear .00
P'resno 30.14 00 34 NW Clear .CO
Flagstaff '.0.24 44 4 NW Clear .00
Pocatello' .>(>.«» 2S O0 S "Clear .00
Independence .::o.2ft «J0 2S S Clear .00
Los Angeles... 30. U»J 70 52 W Clear • .<X)
Mt Tan.alpais..:o.l4 58 40 NE Clear .CO
Ncrth Head... 30. 10 54 44 *N Clear .CO
Phoenix 3O.(<; 72 36 E Clear .00
Point Reyei-...::0. 10 *X 40 E Clear .00
Portland ru>.18 Hi 32 E Clear .00
Red Bluff :;<>.14 «0 ::i gE Clear .00
Itoteburg :<rt.lC 3>- 34 NW Cloudy .CO
Eacramtnto ..:{O.Jt 5* 56 NE Clear .00
Salt Luke :;o.5o :{2 IS NW Clear .00
San Francisco. .SO. 14 tiO 4<> NW Clear .00
San L. ObiEjK>. 30.12 70 36 N Clear .00
San Diego "O.OO 70 52 NW Clear .00
Seattle -Ui.lQ M S8 W CWar .01
Spokane 3'>.;is 34 30 NE Cloudy .00
Tatoosh 30.10.46 42 E Cloudy .10
"Walla Walla.. 30. 40 34 ¦ SO N Cloudy .00
Wlnnw.ucca .3O.S8* 44 14 NE Clear .00
Yuma "0.00 70 52 N Clear .00
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
The pressure Is .beginning to fall over the
north half of the Pacific 1 Coast. An Inch of
rain has falltn at Tatoosh Island, and the
rains are beginning to shift to the east and
southeastward along the coast north of Cape
: Ulanco.
The temperature has remained nearly sta
tionary in Cailfr.rr.Ia. It Is generally about 5
degrees above the normal.
Forecast made j.t San Franclrco for thirty
hours endirg midnight, December 30:
Northern California— Fair Wednesday, except
cloudy or. the northern coast: light north winds
in the .interior, light easterly winds on the
cca.«t.
Southern California— Fair Wednesday; light
north winds, changing to westerly
Nevada— Fair Wednesday.
San Francisco and vicinity— Fair Wednes
day, becoming cloudy at night: light northeast
erly winds, rhanglnjj to southeasterly.
A. G. McADlE. District Forecaster.
The local trade continue to report a very
quict holiday market, with buyers holding
off until after the turn of the year. There
are no new features to report In Fruits. Nuts
or Raisins. The Honey market continues de
pressed at the recent decline, with plenty of
supplies on hand and stock3 accumulating.
FRUIT — Apricots. 7'Bnc for Royals and O'S
lie for Moorpark3; Evaporated Apples. 4ifi5iic;
sun-dried, 3Vi«4c; Peaches. 4Migtilic; P^ars.
O@JOc: Nectarines. 4ff5 1 ic: Figs, white. 4&4*ic
in boxes; black. 4V4c; Plums, pitted, €®9c per
pound. •
PRUNES — 1!H>3 crop, .214 @2 71 c for the four
sizes.
RAISIN'S — F. o. b. prices. Fresno, for 1903
crop: 50-lb boxes — Lco?e Muscatel, 2-crown.
5Uc per lb; 3-crown. 5%c; 4-crown. til-jc: Seed
less Muscatels. 4V»c: do-, floated. 4Hc: un
bleached Sultanas. 4Vjc: Thompson's Seedless,
B>Ac. London Layers — 2-crown. SI 25; 3-crown,
«l 35; 4-crown clusters. $2; 5-crown Dohesas,
$2 50; 6-crown Imperials, $3: Malaga Loose. 2
crown. 5c per lb; do 3-crown. 5Sc: Valencia
Cured. 4Vic; Pacific, do. 3%e; Oriental, do,
2%c. Seeded Raisins — 18-oz packages, fancy.
Sc per lb: choice. 7"6e; 12-oz packages, fancy,
rt%c; choice, 6%c; In bulk, fancy. 7-}*c; choice,
79»c
NUTS — Walruts. ' No. 1 softshell, 1314914c:
No. 2. ll'i<S12c: No. 1 hardshell. l.°4i ! 13V.c;
No. 2 lljnme: Almonds, lie for Nonpareils.
1014c for I X'L, 10%c for Ne Plus Ultra and
S*Jc for Languedoc: Peanuts. CJT7c for Eastern;
Pecan?. ll(fJ13c: Cocoanuts, $4 5C®3; Chest
nuts. SWIOc r<er lb.
HONEY— Comb, lfx^lHic for white and SV<*t
9t(,c for amber; water white extracted. 5®
r.v;c: light amber extracted. 4t£@4$ic; dark,
3V><«4o.
EEE3WAX— 27@C0c per lb.
Dried Fruits f Nuts, Raisins, Honey
On the Produce Exchange to-day the butter
market was steady; creameries, lCg23c; dai
ries, llS21c. Eejts. firm: at mark, crises In
cluded, 2ti<&27>2C. Cheese, steady, lOQlOftC.
Article.? — Receipts. Shipments,
FI)Ur, barrels : V5.90O (ll.LW
Wheat, bushels 113.400 ns.000
Corn, bui-hUs 291.400 llii.CHX*
Oats, Jushels .< 410.200 ]»2,»i00
Rye. bushels'. 331,000 • 81.000
Uarley, bi:sh"ls liS,50<> 39.7C0
Cash quotation* were as follows: Flour,
active anrl firm: No. 2 spring wheat, 810-St'j;
No. 3, 8C©S2Ho; No. 2 red, 83U6&0C: >«' 0 - -
corn, 42'vic; No. " yellow, 44e; No. 2 oats,
35 '4® 35 Mi o: N<>. .'! white, H5©37%c; No. 2 ryf,
C2c: eood feeding barley. 37g+4c: fair to choice
tnalttng, 43(t40oc: No. l'flax'seed, 94c; Kb. 1
Northwestern, $1 01; rrime ; timothy seed,
$2 '.«); niffs pork, t>er bbl. ?12 25-8:12 37><.,
lard, per 100 lbs. ?(i ra^U «"',<,; short ribs
sides (loose), $(( 1','igo 3T%J Bhort clear sides
(boxed). $<; a7%©8 5Q: whisky, basis of high
wines. $1-27; clover, contract grade, $11 25.
OCOth MerMis.li— Pacific Time.)
.SAN FRANCISCO. Dec. 29 — 5 p. m
Weather Report.
Late rr.ail advices from New York say:
"The distribution on i~mall orders is excep
tionally large for this time ot the year, but
jobl>trs jrive r.o indication of a desire to more
than cover the wants of the moment. Prunes
attract mctt attention, and in addition to the
very good jobbing demand from the home trade
thtre is isaid to be more t>r lo?s inquiry and
•some business for export at full prices. Coast
advices are of a vtry firm tenor, and it is
eaid'to bt growing increaKlnp'.y difficult to find
sellers btlow a 2%c basis. Orecon Italian
Prur.ts arts scarce on the spot and in sympathy
with reports lmm primary sources the market
is very firm, but buyers do not soem to be
much interested in this variety at present.
The extrem* s-oarcity of Peaches on the stx-t
keeps the market firm, but in the absence o£
important demand iiio-F thow no quotable
Improvenjerjj, JoHvrt. are buying Apricots .00
the i--p<-t tu a moderate extent to keep up'Ftocks.
but wo h^ar of no Important transactions and
no inquiri's for forward f hir^nicTits from the
'¦•last. The Influence of the strong advices
t>y <\ab!e concerning Ttie~C^;rrant in
'-irc-ecc Is ottmet by the dullness existing In
the mark< t at i>i-esent. and tli^re hac boen no
response. here to the advance on the other side.
However, th* Ftatistical position af the fruit
In this market is h^ld to t* strung, and. while
in some quarters 4 :^c might be shaded slightly,
xhf df"por;t!«n among the principal holdffs is
to firmly to that figure. California loote
RaiFins are nominal. whi!*» »eed.-Hl are quiet.
wlt*i an *-«py undertone. From the local trade
t!:ere Is a ptrong demand for cluster raifins.
and the limited (apply furnishe-d by a recent
arrival is being rapidly cleaned up at high
prices. Sultana Raisins are easy under full
>--uri>Ii»*s> and a limited demand. Valencias are
<)Cift but steady. Dates continue in good de
mand and remain firm. Figs are dull and nom
in^l."'
Dried Fruit in New York.
The demand for well-colored Navel Oranges
showed considerable Improvement and. although
such «tock was more plentiful than previously,
prices were firmer. Several leading dealers
were of the opinion that well-colored stock
would be cleaned up before the end of the
week, as receipts are expected to be light, and
there will be no auction sales until after the
turn of the year. Tangerines were in fair re
quest at steady rates and Japanese Mandarins
were gradually cleaning up. Grape Fruit waa
lower under Increased receipts and a slack de-.
mnnd. The Apple market was dull and feature
less, with stocks of all grades heavy. Quinces
were offering freely at very low prices, but at
tracted very little attention. Pears and Per
simmons were steady at unchanged rates. A
ch»>st of MalJnda Strawberries came In and
sold in a peddling way at^l per chest. Stocks
of Cranberries are limited Wt a few barrels and
they will soon disappear altogether. :
CRANBERRIES— Cape Cod. nominal at $151*
10 Der bbi.
APPLES — Far.cjr Ppltzenbersts, $1 75'32 per
box; other varieties. $1 23©1 50 for fancy. 75^
90e for choice and 23:850c for common; Christ
mas Apples. $1 5O(fr2.
PEARS--WInter , Nellis from cold storage,
$1 50(32 per box.
QUINCES — 2r,<840c per box.
PERSIMMONS— 75ctf?$l per box.
CITRUS FRUITS — Navel Oranges. $2J12 50
per box for fancy. $1 25<ijl 73 for choice and
75efi$l 25 for standards; Seedlings. T5e0$I;
Tangerines. $1@1 25 for half boxes and 73c&*l
for quarter boxes: Japanese Mandarins. $l«il 50
for half boxes: Lemons. $lfX2 per box: Grape
Fruit. S10?2: Mexican Limes. $4£H 50; Ba
nanas. $132 per bunch for Hawaiian and $2^3
for Central American; Pineapples. $2ft3 per
dozen.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
BAGS— Grain Bags. -SftSHc: San Quentln,
5.55c; Wool Bags. &!@23c; Fleece Twine. 74®
8c.
CANNED FKUITS— The Cullfornia Fruit
Canne**' Association quor*s the following pnea
list:
W R 7! OT
¦^ -c£ * %
zr §9 o. 3
ynuiTS. j 1 I p
• *- ~. ~. '.
Apples !$1 5ol$l 30;$l 20$l 10
Apricots I I 1 35| 1 23 1
Blackberries 1 60j 1 40| 1 30| 1 20
Cherries, ft. A 2 13i 1 OOi 1 70 1 40
Cherries, white | 1 75 1 60 1 35
Cherries, black 2 OOi 1 75 1 60 1 33
Grapes .• | 1 351 1 20 1 10 1 CO
Yellow Free Peaches ....(1401
I^emon Cling Peaches... « 80| 1 e0> 1 30 1 20
Pears 2 00i 1 731
Plums ; 1 33! 1 15J 1 05 05
Raspberries 2 50t 2 25| '2 10 1 W>
Sstpwberrles 2 OOj I 75! 1 60! 1 40
CANNED VEGETABLES — Tosaatoes. 2%-lt>
standard. B2)iOSSo; Green Peaa — Baby petlts
pois, $1 50: petits po»», $1 a5; extra sifted.
$1 15; standard. slftecL $1: standards. 85c;
marrowfats. 82 %c; gallon, sifted. $4 25; gal
lon, standard, ¦£> <¦'•.
COAL— WelRngtoh. $8 per ton; New Wel
lington. $S; Seattle. $ti 50; Bryant. $6 50; Bea
ver Hill, $5 BO; Standard. $7; Roslyn. $7;
Coos Bay. $."» 50: Greta. $7: Wallsend. $7; Rlch
racnd, $7 50: Cumberland. $13 in bulk and
S14 25 in sacks: Pennsylvania Anthracite Kz-i.
$11: Welch Anthracite Egg. *i:j; Welsh Lump,
Sll 50; Cannel. *M 5o per ton; Coke. $11 3O<i*
13 cer ten In bulk and $15 In sacks; Rocky
Mountain descriptions. $.11 45 per 200O lbs and
$12 80 per Ions ton, according to brand.
PACIFIC CODFISH— Bundles. Der lb. 4c:
cases, regular. 4\c: cases, extra large, 5c;
Eastern style. $H; boneless. 5V*c; "Norway."
5>ic: "Narrow 'Cauge. 1 ' T>*ic; "Sliver King."
7c: blocks. "Oriental." 5»*Vc: blocks. "Sea
bright." t'c: tablets. 6Vic; middles, ti^^i^e;
fancy boneless. «V*-S' s:% *c: pickled Cod. bbU.
$7 75; pickled Cod, half bbls. $4 50. •
CORDAGE — The local company quotes aa
; follows. CO days or M per cent discount for
cash, r.o aales under 10.000 lbs: Manila. 14 Uc:
Sl.«al. 10%c; Duclex. Of^c; Bals Rope, 10 J *fc>
i lO^.c per lb. ¦
; COFFEE— Costa Rica. I3O15%fl for strictfy
1 prlne to fancy washed ; 1C-S 1.1c for prims
I .washed; ll@13-\c for good washed: 10%'&12V,c
: for good to crime washed peaberry; 9<?J10%c
: fcr good to rrime peaberry: O'stJllc for good
to prime; SQUc for fair; 55j."%cfor common to
; ordinary.
! Salvador — Il%'8l3c nominal for strictly
prime washed: O'-i'SHH-c for good to J^lme
1 washed; »*<j®9%o for fair washed; BK0Xm for
; fair to prime wa«hed peaberry: 8*4<BO%c for
! good to Drlme s«ml- washed; 8Vi@S%c for su
¦ pcr;cr unwashed; 1%iiSc for good green un
} washed: 8O0fl for good to superior unwashed
. peaberry; Wi7c for inferior to ordinary.
Nicaragua — 12MH\3c nominal for prime to
fancy washed: S-'iOJO-'Vic nominal for fair tr>
strictly good washed: 7"4iS8V 4 c for«ood to su-
I perior unwashed: 8%fc9*ic for good to primo
! uiwashed peaberry.
Guatemala and Mexican — 1 I'i / S"l">%c nominal
' for fancy washed: 12Vi*?1.'J" L ic for prime to>
. strictly prime wa3hed: 10*4® ll%c for strictly
good washed; lCf*!O%c for good washed; 8%t>
9%c for fair washed; 7-}i@S%c for medium;
¦ 5v l C63;c for inferior to ordinary;
for fair to orlme washed peaberry; 8%@!Hic
fcr good to prime unwashed peaberry: SQOc
nominal for good to superior unwashed; ejjsijo
1 for ash-damaged.
LEATHER — Sole, heavy. 20«r{2c: extra
! he*.vy. 30*41^ per lb: medium. 27@29c: light.
j 24ft26c: Rr.ugh Leather. 26328c; Harness
Leather heavy. ISQSPa for No. 1 and 2tV3::5c
for No. 2; medium, ,".0^37c; light. 20@33c;
Skirting. No. 1. 40<342c: No. 2. 36®3Sc; Col
lar Leather. 15«l«c per foot: Trace Leather. 40
©44c: Kin. unfinished. 4rt*i50c per lb; Veal,
finished. ZO'aGOc per lb: Calf Alshed. 65c<fm
' p«?r lb: Wax sides. 16tfil"c per foot; Belt Knif*
' Splits. 14®16c: Rough Splits. S-giOc per lb.
TANBARK — Ground. $20©2S per ton; stick,
$1M?18 p*r cord.
i OILS — Quotatton? are for barrels: for cases.
• add 5c. Linseed. 45c ?er gallon for boiled and
1 43c for raw: Castor Oil. in cases. No. 1. 70c;
I Bakers' A A. $1 10»Sl Vi: Lucol 44c for boiled
• and 42c for raw; China Nut. 60<370c per gallon;
¦ Cocoanut oil in barrels. 58c for Ceylon and 53a
i for Australian; extra bached winter Sperm
1 Oil. 80c- nat'-iral winter Pperm Oil. 75c; extra,
i bleached winter Whale Oil. 65c; natural Whale
I Oil. fiCo; extra winter strained Lard Oil. 8.V;
I No. 1 Lard Oil. 75c: puro »Weatsfcot Oil. 73c:
' No 1 Neatsfoot OU. 65c; llcnt Herring Oil. 45c:
; dark Herring Oil. 43c: Salmon Oil. 3Sc: boiled,
Fish Oil 40c: raw Fish Oil. 3Sc; boiled Patnc
Oil. 35c; raw Paint Oil. 33c.
COAL OIL — Water White Coal Oil
In bulk. 15c; Pearl Oil in cases. 21%c: Astral.
2U-ic: Star. 21 %c: Extra Star. 23' 3 c: Elaine.
27%c- Eocene 24%c: dedorlzed Stove Gasoline,
in bulk. 17c; In cases, 23%c: Benzine. In bulk.
13c: in cases, 19 %c: 86-dejrrec Gasoline, la
i bulk. 25c: In oases. 31c.
TURPENTINE — 80c per gallon In cases and,
1 74c In drums and Iron barrels.
I RED AND WIIITQ LEAD— Red Lead. «%,»
; 7c per lb: White Lead. 6%«7c. accordlne to
! QU QUIcT;SILVER— Is dull and weak at $43 50
(644 50 for local use and $42 50<gi43 50 per
j flask for export.
SALT — The Amalgamated Salt Company
t quotes as follows: Genuine Liverpool. $13 !Wvg>
1 1«- Bales, common. >1 H5: Dairy, rer ton,
¦ $1™ r >O- H*lf Ground. 8I> 75<310 25: nort< Salt,
Js'.VfiO 73: imitation Liverpool. $12 50®13 23:
Granulated. $12 50® IS 23 ner ton.
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refln^j* Com
rarv quotes »s follows. r*"r lb. in 100-ib bags:
Cub»a A Crushed and Fine Crushed. 5.«5c:
Powdered 5.50c: Candy Granulated. 5.50c: Drj
Grnnulated fine. 5.40c: Dry Granulated, coarse.
5 40c- Fruit Granulated. 3.40c: Beet Granu
lated (ICO-lb bags only>. 5.20c: Confectioners*
A 5.40T; Masmolla A. 5c: Extra C. 4.90c:
Golden « 4.8<V; "D." 4.70c; barrels. 10c more:
half barrels. 23c more: boxe*. 50c more; 5O-ll>
bags 10c more for all kind*. Tablets— Half
barrels. 5.90c: boxes. 6.15c; H. & E. Crystal
DfTOinos. 8.4Pc TM»r lh. No orders taken for
less than seventy-five barrels or ita equivalent.
LUMBER — Pine, ordinary slzen. $18019: ex
tra sizes hisrher: Redwnod $1fWJ23: Lath, 4
feet $3 OO-fN: Pickets. $1fif?W: Shingles. $2 for
Vo li nnd *1 50 for No. 2: Shake*. $13 for gyllt
and $14 for sawn; Rustic. $25©31.
Articles — Ox>en. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2 —
Dei. (new) 81% RJ^i SIVi 81 "K
May M'ft 84«i S» XIV*
July 781's .70 • 7S% 78%
Corn No. 2 —
December 41 *i 42 41% 41 K
May 45H 45% 44% 44%
July 44^ 44% u^ 44%
Oats No. 2 — •
December 35 'i 35',^ 35 35
May :r,->i :;7ii 37% 37%
July 34% 35 34% 34%
Mess Pork, per bbl —
January 12 22% 12 22>i 12 07% 12 07'i
May 12 53 12 62%/; 12 45 12 47%
Lard, per 100 lbp —
January 0 67% 0 70 C C2% 6 62%
May.. 6 90 6 02% 6 80 6 SO
Short Ribs, per 100 lbs —
Janutiry 6 ::0 6 30 6 22% 6 22'>
May 6 57'-'. 6 W 6 r>2 l ii 6 52%
The following retail prices for meats are
quoted by the Retail Butchers* Protective As
sociation :
- BEEI?- -Prime Roast. 15®1S< . Porterhouse
Steak. 1S@: %c; T cr .<iertoln Steak. 15<31Sc; Sir
loin Steak. 12Ht 5c; Top Round £"teak. 12%c;
•Beef fffw 10c; Corn Beef. feQIOc; Soup Bones.
*c: Soup Meat. 5-&10c.
VEAt, — Loin Roast. 15$?20e; Shoulder Roast,
12'«- J ''il5c: Chops and Cutlets, 15@20c; Stew,
teygiSc :.
iS l'TTO3»--L«>*!r. /^.2%615c; Forequarter. fug
Me: a 8tew, «eil>c;^!»rtme Chops. 12%@lSc.
LAMB — Leg. 20c; Forequarter, 12%Srl5e;
Hindquarter. 18520c; Shoulder Roast, 10Q12%c;
Omsk, UfiRLSc.
PORK— Roast. 12%(51Sc; Chops. 15(glSc.
These prices do not cover the cheaper grades.
*** It is irr.possibie to quote regular prices on
them.
Retail Meat Prices,
Cifar and cold, with lisht to heavy frosts
throufihout the week, but no damage. Plow
ing and seeding are evneral and progressing
rapidly. Some snow has fallen In the moun
tain*.
EUREKA SUMMARY.
A dry week with desert winds: nights cool
and frosty. The wind of the 23d and 24th
Faved firangps from damage by frost, bat come
fruit lost by beinr scarred and falling off.
No fanring operations on account of continued
drought.
Clear, warm weather continued during the
wwk. with cool nights and lisht frosts in some
I'laces. The drought Is seriously retarding
plowing a«d seeding. Feed is becoming very
scarce, and, although there Is a fair supply
of last reason's hay In most places, the long
tinucd use of dry feed has seriously affected
cattle. The water supply is failing rapidly
owing to hf avy Irrigation of orchards. No ma
terial 'Jan:afre has been done by frost. Orange
harvest is jTrpresFlng slowly.
UJ$ ANGELES SUMMARY.
during the fore part of the week and clear and
coal the latter. Heavy frosts occurred fre
quently, but caused no damage. Plowing and
bending ate progressing rapidly where the foil
is m:ficicntly moist to work. Early sown
grain Is up in many localities and making good
growth. Pruning and cultivating orchards and
vineyards continue. Green feed is scarce In
the central and southern portions of the valley,
l>ut plentiful In the northern section. Stock
are healthy, but thin where green feed Is
scarce. The orange crop Is about harvested;
it was large and of excellent quality. Rain is
badly needed.
SOUTHERN CALIFORNIA.
WHEAT FREIGHTS— Spot chartering is dull
at about 12s Od as a nominal rate, usual Euro
pean options. The chartered Wheat fleet in
port has a registered tonnage of 10,670, agaln«t i
30,."20 tons on tho same date last year; disen
gaged. 90,000 tons, against 62.600; on the way
to this port, 193,570 tons, against 198,200.
WHEAT — The Government crop report,
printed in the first column, shows a produc
tion for 1903 of 037.820.000 bushels, which is a
decline of about 30,000,000 bushels from the
previous report, and Is considered mildly
bullish.
Liverpool does not reflect the strong war
: news and shows little change. Bradstreet's
weekly statement shows a decrease In the«
world's visible supply of 79S.CC0 bushels.
Chicago showed little change. In this mar
ket futures were lower, but cash Wheat re
mained firmly held at previous prices. j
CASH WHEAT. I
California Club, $1 37%«1 40; California
White Australian $1 50(81 52%; Northern Club.
$1 4C@1 4lVi; Northern Bluestem, $1 50©
1 51 Vi; Oregon Valley. $1 40.
FUTURES.
'• ,-. Session 9 to 11:30 a. m.
. ' Open. High. Lqw. Close.
May $1 37 $1 37% $1 36% $1 36%
December ... 1 30% 139% 139% 139%
2 p. m. Session.
No sales.
BARLEY — Futures declined sharply, owing
chletiy to the heavy arrivals of 34.619 ctls. |
I most of which was for delivery on December j
• contracts. The ssot mnrket showed little :
I change. Some Oregon Feed sold at $1 08%.
while holders generally asked $1 15 for No. 1 ,
California. Buyers held oft and trade was |
quiet.
CASH BARLEY. !
Feed $1 OSfJOl 15; Shipping and Brewing. |
|1 17\A©1 20; Chevalier. $1 2C@1 43 for fair
to choice.
-¦_ . FUTURES.
Session 0.' to"U:S0 "a. m.
Open. High. Low. Close-
Mav $105% $1.03% $105 $105
December ... 1 17ft " 1 17% 1 15 1 15
2 p. m. Session.
May— $1 05.
OATS — There were liberal arrivals of 11,135
ctla from Oregon and Washington, but they did
| not affect the market, which continued firmly
I held, with sellers reportlns a steady demand
for local feedlnrr and milling account.
White, $1 22%(?U 25 for California and
$1 27%ftl 35 for Northern; Black, fl 4501 C5;
Red $1 20© 1 52% for feed and $1 25® 1 35 for
eee<1; Gray, $1 32%.
COH.N--The Government crop report, which
will be seen in the first column, places the 19O3
crop at 2,244, (tyO.000 bushels, a decline of
70,000,000 from' the preceding report.
The market continues quiet, with Increasing
receipts from the West, which is offering freely
on this market. Prices show no further change,
however.
Western sacked $1 25@1 27% for Yellow,
$1 22H«1 25 for White and *1 22% for .Mixed;
California large Yellow. ?1 32%; small round
do. *1 4C<S1 50; White. $1 3.". per ctl.
RYE — Growers and ether Interior holders are
offering more freely, but buyers are holding
off. and the market is quiet at ?l 25@1 30 per
cental.
BUCKWHEAT— $1 73g2 per ctl.
Wheat and Other Grains.
General Merchandise
Receipts of Eggs yesterday were the largest
for a long time, and had a weakening eff«>ct
on the market. Buyers are holding off and
taking no more than they can help, and the
tendency In prices is downward. The quota
tions for small and mixed ranch and store are
lower, and ',4c Is lopped off from choice ranch.
Stocks of Cheese continue heavy and the
demand is slow at weak prices.
Receipts were 32,200 lbs Butter, 746 cases
Eggs and 2200 lbs Cheese.
BUTTER— Creamery. 25@2«c for extras and
22@24c for seconds; dairy. lS^24c; *W>re But
ter 15-017 %c: cold storage 21@23c per lb.
CHEESE^ — 12«12%c for the general market.
13c for select mild new and 10(ffillc for lower
grades: Young Americas. 13®14c; Eastern. 15%
®16',ic; Western. 14^l5c per lb.
EGGS — Ranch. 35@37c for choice and 30«r
33c for small and mixed colors; store, 27%©
30c; cold storage. 27%@32%c; Eastern. 26©
30c for cold storage.
As mentioned yesterday the retailers are
again in the market for second and medium
grades of Butter, having closed out most of
their cold storage cube stock, and this Im
parts more tone to the market. Prices show
no Improvement however, and the market Is
generally quoted dull, -with liberal stocks still
on hand. .
Butter, Cheese And Eggs.
Of 2,200,000 Japanese gold yen brought by
tho steamer Siberia the Hongkong and Shang
hai Banking Corporation received 1,000,000 and
the Anglo-Callfornlan Bank. Limited, and the
International Banking Corporation 600.000 each.
Sterling Exchange, sixty days — $4 81%
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 85
Sterling Exchange, cables — - 4 86
New York Exchange, sight — 05
New York Exchange, telegraphic. — 10
silver, per ounce — 55%
Mexican Dollars, nominal — 43
Exchange and Bullion.
LOCAL MARKETS.
CHICAGO. Dec. 29.— Tho wheat market was
rather nervous and was influenced mainly by
tho Northwestern markets. The opening was
rirm. wit* a, stood General demand from com
mission houaes and local traders. " Offerings
were light. Th» bull factors at the start
were a reduction from the last estimate Of
20,000.000 bushels* in this year's crop and the
uncertainty surrounding the Eastern situation.
Commission houses became llbc'rul sellers early,
due to a report from Argentina stating that
the weather was Improving. There was also
considerable liquidation. May was forced
down to S»c. nft.r opening a shade to Vi' f J%c
higher at Sl%«SI%c. May then advanced to
84 ;l ,c. The close was steady, with May at
84 Vic.
Corn had a firm undertone and prices held
up well until late in tho day. The Govern
ment's final estimate on the crop was con 1
sidered bul.'Ish and was the principal factor
in supporting prices early in the session. The
action of wheat and the weakness in the cash
article had a depressing influence toward tho
close and caused some reaction. ! The close
was steady. After opening a shade higher to
J/SC lower at 4uc to 45V k e, May eold between
44?>tc and 45% l fil5'4c, closing at 44%c.
. Oats held comparatively steady. The Gov
ernment' report was u helping influence, am It
conilnned the belief previously held- that the
crop this seaso-n is small. There was some
s"lling by cash houses, but offerings were well
taken. There was little change In prices at
thtj close. May being off at 37%@37%c,
after opening a shade lower to a ehade higher
at 3"f'4c to-37 1 !ic, and selling between 37%Q>
37 r f 4 @37"*c. \
Provisions were firm early In spite of a
weak hog market, but weakened later on sell
ing by packers. The o>mand for meats from
foreigners was the supporting Influence at the
start. The clos-e was easier, with May pork
7%fcl0c lower at $12 46®12 47%. May lard
was off IIIVjC at $6 SO, and ribs were down 5@
7%p at ?6 o2%.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Chicago Grain Market.
OREGON.
WASHINGTON.
PORTLAND. Dec. 29.— WHEAT— Walla
Walla, 71c: blue stem. 76c: valley, 77c.
TACOMA, Dec. 29. — WHEAT— Steady. Blue
stem, 79c; club. 74c.
Northern Wheat Market.
Supplies of Beef, Mutton and Pork are re
ported ample for all requirements and th»
market la quiet and of a holiday character.
Quotations remain about as before. Soft lloga
are dull.
DRESSED MEATS.
wholesale rates from slaushterers to dealer*
are es follows:
BEEF— 6'.4»7%c for Steers and 3®ac per lb
for Cows.
VEAL — Large. 8@9c; small »^10c per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers. 7!4<g8%c; Ewes. 7®8c
per lb.
LAMB— 9tiin0c per lb.
PORK— Dressed Hogs. 738%c per lb.
LIVESTOCK MARKET.
The following quotations are for good, sound
Livestock, delivered In San Francisco, leas SO
per cent shrinkage for Cattl»:
CATTLE — Steers. SigOc; Cows and Heifer*.
7gSc; thin Cows. 4#5c per lb.
CALVKS — 4©4^c per lb (gross weight).
SHEEP— Wethers, 3*4#4e; Ewes, 3US3%o
per lb (cross weight).
LAMBS — 1%1j'5c per lb.
HOGS— Live Hog3. 140 to ISO lbs. 5*ic: over
18O lbs. 5c; soft Hnjrs. 4V.@l : hc: sows. 20 p»r
cent off; Boars. 50 ver cent off. and Stass. 4i>
per cent off from abova quotations.
Meat Market.
and Mendocino, 12@14c; Nevada. 13^15c: Ore
gon fine, 18.«l!»c; Oregon medtum. 17c per lb.
HOPS— 20624c per lb for California.
SEATTLE. Dec. 29.— Clearings, $701, 72S;
balance*. *2C8,ftO3..
TACOMA. Dec. 29.— Clearings, $385,292;
balances. $32.1C0.
PORTLAND. Dec. 29.— Clearings, $515,222;
balances*. $€6,513.
SPOKANE, Dec. 29.— Clearings, $397,006;
balances, $74,398.
Northern Business.
Two more cars of Western Poultry were
marketed, making three thus far this week. The
demand for Western waa steady and fine large
stock brought higher prices than on **\e pre
ceding day. The market for domestic cltlckens
was weak owing to the abundance of Western,
but dealers were not trying to force aales and
prices were steady. Receipts of dressed Tur
keys were 57 cases, mostly Western. Prime
Californlan stock was in good request at the
maximum quotation, but poor quality offer
ings were dull owing to the competition of oM
stock that had been placed In cold storage
after Christmas. Ll\-e Turkeys were dull, but
prices were no lower.
There was not much doing in Game, and
Mallard Sprig Widgeon and small Ducks
were quoted lower. ' Hare waa suddenly scarce
and prices had a sharp advance.
POULTRY— Dressed Turkeys. lS@22c p*r l b :
live Turkeys. lt>(??18c' per lb; Geese, per pair,
$2@2 25; Goslings. $2<&2 25; Ducks. J5 50<TT«
per dozen for old and ?6ft7 for young; Hena,
$5 50@6 fcr large and 54 50@5 for small;
young Roosters. ?5?f6; old Roosters. $5@5 50;
Fryers $4 50@5; Broilers $t@4 50 for large
and $3 50@4 for small; Pigeons. $1®1 25 per
dozen for old and $2@2 25 for Squabs.
GAME— Mallard Ducks. $3@S 50 per dozen:
Canvasback. *:l@4: Sprig $2«2 50; Teal. $150
fil 75; Widgeon $1 25@1 50; small Ducks,
$1 25; Gray Geese. *3; White" Geese. 75c@$l ;
Brant $1 for small and $1 50 for large; Honk
ers ?5 for large and $4 for small; English
Snipe $3; common Snipe. $1 75[ Wild Doves,
$1 25; Rabbits $2 for Cottontails and ?1 20 for
Brush; Hare, $1@1 25.
Poultry and Game.
Sikrr slightly higher. Exchange unchanged.
Kczo York Stock Market firmer on the day.
Sharp break in Cotton quotations everyzvherc.
Local Securities still dull and featureless.
Wheat and Barley Futures lower. Wheat Freights still lozv.
Government Wheat crop report mildly bullish.
American Corn crop placed at 2,244,000,000 bushels.
Oats, Com and Rye as previously quoted.
Rtissia buying ovr Beef and Japan our Flour.
Fair movement in Flour and Millstuffs.
Hay market working into a very strong position.
Rran and Middlings in light offering and firm.
Dry weather still keeping the Bean market strong.
Sound Potatoes moving off freely. Onions firm.
Prices for Poultry and Game show considerable change.
Butter shozi'ing less weakness. Cheese still overplentifid.
Eg£ s decline again under increasing receipts.
Good, ripe Oranges now moving off very well.
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins dull. Honey neglected and weak.
Provisions shozv little change here or elsewhere.
Hides slightly higher in sympathy with the East.
Wcpl moving off more freely, but at concessions.
H<$s still firm, with few left in first hands.
Cattle, Sheep and Hogs in ample supply.
Quicksilver quict and somewhat weaker.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
companled by rumors of still otH»r offerings
to come after January J. Kum<^s were re
vived of a Rock Island refunding. Westing- '
house Electric relapsed suddenly i on the an
nouncement of note issues to the 'fUent of 52,
000,000 to provide partly for a Suilroad pur
chase and the deposit of Chlca^'j and Alton
preferred stock with authority v Fell offered
another propped of new securlti** Issues. The ;
New York Central requirementsifor terminal
changes comes up easily for consideration In
euch a condition of sentiment.?. The move
ment cf gold hither is still uninterrupted, a
small engagement having beent effected in
London to-day while San Francisco remitted to
New York more than a mllllcfi of gold re
ceived from Asia. J
Bonds were active and firm.. Total sales, !
par value, $2,995,000. ¦ !
United States old 4s coupo.i advanced % !
and the new 4s registered declined »_ per cent
on call. :
NEW YORK STOCK fLIST.
Shares— Bales. Hlgfi. Low. Close
Atchison 31.000 CPfa (18% 69
AtchlBon pfd 4,700 9"% 92% 9.1
Baltimore & Ohio. 12,700 W'H 7!)% tSO'i |
Bait & Ohio pfd... 300 8t". 89 K8V4 i
Canadian Pacific .. 3.600 \\i>% 119>4 ll»V4
Central of N Jersey 200 10* 162 102 fc. :
Ches & Ohio 1,200 3'. 33% 34
Chicago & Alton.. 2.200 &U, 34 'M% '
Chi & Alton pfd .. 2.100 71U, 73 73*i
Chi & Gt Western. 1,500 lfctf 15% 1«' j
Chi & Gt W B pfd. tWO 2fe% 28 27TA '
Chi & N W 1,000 17? Ts 170 1«>V4
Chi Term & Trans. 200 V 8% &% \
Chi Ter & Trn pfd 300 1**% ls^, lS>i
C C C & St Louis '. 79
Colo' Southern ....1,500 l-Vft - 15V* 15
Colo Sou 1st pfd.. 200 M W 53>i
Colo Sou 2nd pfd. 500 fco-4 23 I'&Vz
Del & Hudson 2,300 170 V; ltiSVi U'M% I
Del Lack & West.. X0O 272 • 270 270 [
Pen & Rio Grande 40O 2J;U 21 H 21% ;
Den & Rio G pfd.. 100 7I&J 7OV4 OO^i
Erie 20.400 :t("% 29% 29% !
Erie 1st pfd I,2o0 <!f» «S% 68*4
Erie 2nd pfd 2.000 Glft& Til 61*
Great Northern pfd i. UK
Hooking Valley ... 200 7*"-i 74 73Vi
Hooking Valley pfd 400 8'?i K5 8.>i« !
Illinois Central ... 3.S00 13? 131Vi 131%'
Iowa Central 150 "\ 21 20 jj j
Iowa Central pfd 38 I
K C Southern 000 ;(•% 19% 1B%
K C Southern pfd.. 200 .!' V.H :i5Tjj
Louis & Nashville. 36,100 l! ¦>/_, 107-% 100%
Manhattan h 13,300 1'-;>A Ul\i 14» a + ;
Mttropolitan St Ry 4,600 \>"? ' 125 Vl?,%
Minn & St Louis .. 200 «[}% («^ 03V.
Missouri Pacific ... 36,2iH> ;/» Jt. r >i^ 9ii 1 <i
Mo Kan & Texas.. C(tO »U 17',s JSVfe
Mo Kan & Tex pfd 300 -lj y 4 4i_»Va 40%
Nat RR of Mex pfd ",. 37 j
N Y Central 3,100 VA\i 120% 12OV4 I
Norfolk & Western 400 fi?S 57 % 58 !
Nor & West pfd ;: 86
[ Ontario & Western. 16,900 %H% 221^ 23 '4
i Pennsylvania 69,400 1WH 119% 119%
Pitts C C & St L.. 100 C4 64 OS'/j
Reading 21.500 47Vi 46% 4l>»4
Reading 1st pfd 77 'i •
Reading 2nd pfd . . 100 61 61 60 i
Rock Island Co ... 10.200 25H 21% 24%
Rock Island Co pfd 1.500 61 Vi OOVi 61 Va i
Kt Li-SFlstpM 00
Bt L & S F 2nd pfd 2,100 42V t 41 42 |
St Louis S W 600 14^, 14 14 '
St Louis S W pfd. 2.300 34% 33% IH% I
t^t Paul 30,100 147% 140% I4ii% !
Pt Paul pfd 175 i
Southern Pacific . . 63.400 50% 4S"<, f>0% i
Southern Railway.. 0.60O 21 H 2U6 21% j
Southern Ky pfd... l.OtK) M) 79Vi 79 ;
Texas ft Pacific .. 6,000 :c«i 25% 2(Ui |
Tel St L & W 2,300 .'3 24^ 25%
Tol St L & W pfd. 1.300 89% :» 39
I'nion Pacific 35.000 "OTi 79% K0%
Tnlon Pacific pfd j 88
AVabash 1.4OO *O% 20% 2O^i
Wabash pfd 7,900 ;j-8U 37% uS
Wheel & Lake Erie l<>0 -57^ 17»i 17
Wisconsin Central. 100 "»7% 17% 17 ;
Wisconsin Cer pfd. uOO i?8% 38% , &% j
Kxpr?;s C*«TOii»ant<tr— "? oo ,
Adams ¦} *¦*"*
American 100 »?5 195 1!»5
United States :': l'->
Wclls-Fargo | 210
Miscellaneous —
Amalgam Copper.. 97.5(10 'M% 49% 51
Amer Car & Found 1.900 SOtf 20 20^ 4 !
Amcr Car & F. lU\. 1.S0O ffl% tS*g W'.i.
Amer Unseed OH.: . ; 9 1 /*
Arrer Lin 0^1 pfd 28
Amer locomotive. . 4.100 19 % IS 34 J^?i
Amer Loo pfd... 1.7"O 7h% 77-)i 77
Amur Smelt & Kef. 2.700 50% . r >0»i 50>4
Amer S & Ref pfd. 2"0 'M% 9O--J4 5)0
Am?r Sugar Ref.'ii 13.C0O J2SU, 127-> 8 127%
Anacoi.da Min Co.. 2..'00 S0i,i 78 79V 3
BrWjrn Hap Trans. 27.20O 55 54 04
Colo Fuel & Iron.. 2.000 3.1 MK 31%
! Colum & Hock Coal 200 15 15 H*;4
Consolidated Gas... 3,000 1!«!«s l!»3»i l!»4
«»er.eral Klcctric... 1,800 J SO 177 , 170
International I'apT 2'X> 11 11 J 11
lnt<-rntl Paper p!'d U3Vi
IntL'rnuionul Pump 27
Interntl Pump pfd 71
National IMfcult... ."tO'a
National Lead 200 15 15 15
i North American... 3.100 85 81V. 84 a i
j Pacific Mail ].«VK) 27 .25 26
IVople's Gas 2,00<t 99>4 9S% 98"A
I l're.-seil Steel Car.. l.UOi) :tfiij s^ ;{i^,
I I'rof.se;! S Oar pfd.. :tOO 70 09 % 70
' Pulknnn Palace Car 300 2ls% 2lS 217'-'.
I Republic Stcol 9U0 7% C% ~i\l
Itepublic Steel pfd. 1,100 42 41>i 41'i
Rubber Goods 40(1 18% 18 18»i
Rubber Goods pfd. . l,.",00 76 74 T-l i
Tenn Coal .t Iron.. 9.600 39T4 3.S 39',4 '
V! S Leather 2.000 7% 7% , 7%
U H Leather i>fd... 5,<XR) 78 77 77
U S Rubber *X0 12'4' 12 12<4 ',
U S Rubber pfd... .VK> 41% 4OV 4 40'i ¦
V 8 PtPC-1 43,700 12^ 1H4, 11% I
i U K Htecl pfd 101,400 58% 57 V. 57 V. '
I Western Union 200 86-% SOv'i 86>/h '
j Northern Securities .' . SOJi
Total Eales 8S2.000 shares. ;
UNITED RAILROADS OF SAN FRANCISCO, j
NEW YORK. Dec. 29. — Bond transactions.
ITnited Railroads of San Francisco: 2000 at
70V. : 1C00, at 75%; 8000, at 75>4; 10,000, at
75>y; 10,000, at 75%.
NEW YORK BONDS.
I D S ref 2s rcg ..106 (Louis & N unl 4s. 100% I
Do coup KiO'-i [Manhattan c g 4s.lu2% !
Do 3s rcg 107%! Mex Cent 43 71 -
Do coup 107% Do 1st inc 14'^ !
Do new 4s rcg. 133 Minn & St L 4s. 97 j
Do coup 13:»Vi Mo K & T 4s ..97
Do old 4s r..'g.lC9>-i Do 2ds 78^
Do coup 109% N R R of M c 4s. 75 Vj
Do 5s reg 101 ViN Y Cent g 3^s. 9'J'^
Do coup lOlVi'X J Cent gen 5s. 131 ;
Atchison gen 4s.. 99V4 Northern Pac 4s. .10:: i
Do adjt 4s 88 Do 3s ! 70%
Atlantic C L 4s.. 93 Nor & W c 4s .. »(i%
Balto & O 4s ...101 O S L 4s & Par. 92U
Do 3^s 96 jPenn conv 3>4s... 95^a
Cent of Ga 5s 104% Reading Gen Is... 98 V4 :
, Do.lEt inc .... 68 s L & I M c 5s. 111%
Chca & O 4>4f ..102^!st I, & S F fg 4s. S3
Chi & Alton 3^s. 76>^'f,t L S W lsts... 93
C B & Q n 4.«.. 9J% TSeaboard A L 4s. 70
C M & S P g 4H.110iV'Southern Pac 4s.. 78
Chi & N W c 7.«. 131V Southern Ry 5s. .114%.]
C R I & P R R 4s 09 Tex & Pac lsts..H6H
Do col 5s 76 Tol St L & W 4s. 70%
C C C & S L b 4a 96 Union Pacific 4s.. 103
Cht Term 4s ... 78Vj Do conv 4s ... IXJVi
Con Tobacco 4s .. 57% U S Steel 2d 5s. 70 t h
Colo & So 4s .. 80«4 Wabanh lats 114 vA
Denver & R G 4s. 95% Do Deb B 0*tf
I Erie prior lien 4s. 9S^ Wheel &- L K 4s. SS
Do gen 4s 8fl T 4 W|s Cent 4s 91 y, .
Ft W & D.C lats.102% Colo F & I c 5s. 65 "
Hocking Val 4^s.I06>i
NEW YORK MINING STOCKS.
Adams Con 10 Little Chief .....'. CO
Alice 13 Ontario 0 GO
Breece 10 Ouhlr 2 40
Brunswick Con ... 04 Phoenix 14
Comstock Tunnel. O5'/i Potosl 18
Con Cal & Va 1 05 Savage 45
Horn Silver . . ... ..1 <:5 Sierra Nevada ...< 4S
Iron Sliver 1 50 Small Hopes 20
Leadville Con 02 Standard 150
BOSTON- STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money — Westingh Com 85
Call loans SViiSC Mining — .
Time loans 5 @6>4 Adventure 2t&
Bonds— lAllouez 4% |
Atchison 4s 0S% j Amalgamated 51 ;
Mex Cent 4a OS^iDaly West 25 i
Railroads — IBIngham 22%
Atchison Cm,6 calumet & Hecla.440 ,
Do prefd 193 Centennial l(j«4
Boston & Albany. 244 Copprr Range .. 47V6
Boston & Maine. 16<f Dominion Coal ... 73
Boston L 140 Franklin 8
N Y ft II & H.. 19514 Isle Royale ?>%
Fitchburg prcfd...l36 Mohawk 38
Union Prclflc ... S0% Old Dominion ... 11
Mexican Central . .10^4 Osceola .'9%
Mlscpllaneous — | Parrot . . .* 22
Amer Sugar 127% Qulncy 91
Do prefd 123 I Santa Fe Copper. H£
Amer Tel & Tel. .114*4! Tamarack 09
Domln I & S .. 9 Trinity 5
Gen Electric ...176 United States .... 8V4
Mass Electric ..." 20 Utah 30%
Do nrpfd 75% Victoria 2%
T'nftert Fruit ....100 Wlnor.a 7 J /4 I
U S Steel 11% Wolverine C8
Do prefd 57%
LONDON CLOSING STOCKS.
Consols money.S" 15-16 N Y Central ...125
Do account ... 88 Nor & Western.. 60^
Anaconda 4 Do prefd 90 ,
Atehlson 70T« Ontario & West.. 23% :
Do prefd 95% Pennsylvania 61 T *
Balto & Ohio .. 62% Rand Mines n%
Canadian Pacific. 123% Reading 24%
Chen & Ohio ... 35% Do lft prefd... 41
Chicago G W.... 16% Do 2d prefd.... Si
Chi M & Kt P.. 151% Southern Ry 22Vi
DeBeers 20%! Do prefd 62U
Denver & II G .. 21 %j Southern' Pacific. 50%
Do prefd 75 j Union Pacific ... 82%
Erie .... 30%; Do prefd ......01%
Do l«t prefd .. 71 U S Steel .. 11^
Do 2d prefd ... 52% Do prefd f>9%
Illinois Central . .135% Wabash 21«
Loulu & Nash ..113% Do prefd ...... 3D
Mo Kan & Tex. 18%'
.Bar Silver — Steady, 25 15-16d per ounce.
Money — 3% 04 per cent.
The rate of discount In tbe open market for
CHICAGO. Dec. 29. — CATTLE— Receipts,
10.000: steady. Good to prime steers, $4 90@
5 80; poor to medium, $3 2f>@4 75; stockers
and feeders. ?2®4; cows. $1 50@4: heifers*. $2®
4 85; canners. $1 50@2 40; bulls, $2@4 10;
calves, $3@0 CO.
HOGS — Receipts: To-day, 35,000; t to-mor
row, 40,000; 10O15c lower. Mixed and butch
ers, $4 50® 4 75;: cood to choice heavy, $4 00
@4 75; rough heavy, $4 40©4 60; light, $4 25
@4 55; bulk of sales. $4 5O@4 65.
SHEEP— Receipts, 13,000. Sheep, steady to
strong; lambs, firm. Good to choice wethers,
$3 80@4 25; fair to choice mixed. $3@3 75:
Western sheep. $2 50® 4 25; native lambs, |4 50
®6; Western lambs, $3 75@5 80.
CHICAGO.
Eastern Livestock Market.
ST. LOUIS, Dec. 29.— Wool, nominal. Me
dium grades, combing and clothing:. 17®21c:
light fine, 15(gl7V>c; heavy fine, 12@14%c; tub
washed, 2O@31c.
St: Louis Wool Market.
PEACHES— Are quiet. Choice are quoted
ffno"'c^ ' e *' ra cholce - 7 %@ 8 %CJ fancy, 054
PRUNES— Continue to attract some export
demand, but domestic takings are small and
the market is steady. Quotations range from
J%c to fl'/ic, according to grade.
n ,;* L^f { J COTS ~ ArP quict - Choice are quoted at
n\4®9#c; extra choice, 'Oa.^loi.c; fancy, 11®
EVAPORATED APPLES— The market Is
quiet and unchanged. Common are quoted at
4@6c: prjme, 5!6&3Kc; choice, 5^®<JVic; fancy.
SUGAR— Raw. nominal; fair refining, 3c;
centrifugal, 90 test, 3Vic; molasses sugar. 2%c;
refined, quiet.
DRIED FRUITS
COFFEE— Spot Rio. firm; No. 7 Invoice,
7 3-lCc; mild, firm; Cordova, ¦8H@13c. Coffee
futures closed, steady, net 5 to 10 points lower.
Sales, 143.UGO bags. Including: January, G.85@
6."J0c; May. 7.40(&".55c; July, 7.t>5(37.75c: Octo
ber. 7.05(58. 05c.
WOOL— Firm.
NEW YORK, Dec. 2ft.— FLOUR— Receipts,
42.-100 barrels; exports, 5700 barrels; sales, 12.
700 packages. Market was quiet and ' un
changed and steady.
WHEAT— Receipts, 59,500 bushels; exports,
14.S00 bushels; sales, 2,070,000 futures. Spot,
week; No. 2 red, nominal, elevator; No. 2 red,
S4c afloat:- No. 1 Northern Duluth, 95}_c f. o.
b. afloat: No. 1 hard manitoba, nominal, f. o. b.
afloat. Options opened firm and advanced on
rains in Argentina, bullish crops reports and
covering. After a reaction under bear selling
the market recovered on the Btrength of North
west markets, only to break a second time un
der selling pressure, particularly on December,
which closed 3c down, against no change on
May. Sales included: No. 2 red May, 87®
87 7-lOc. closed S7*i.e; July, S3y_@S3%c. closed
83%c: December, Ul?_&'O47_c, closed 91%c.
HOPS— Firm.
HIDES— Firm.
New York Grain and Produce.
ONIONS— $1©1 30 per ctl.
VEGETABLES— Green Peas. 4#6c per lb;
String Beans. t5@10c per lb; Wax, 6@10c; To
matoes from Los Angeles. 40® 85c per crate;
Summer Squash from Los Angeles. S5cS$l per
box: Cabbage 60c per ctl; Carrots. 50c per
sack; Hothouse Cucumbers $1 5O®2 p«r dozen;
Garlic. 6@7c per lb: Egg Plant. 8®10c per
lb; Dried Peppers 5ig8c per lb for Stockton
and U@12%c for southern: Dried Okra. 12^c
per lb; Green Peppers. 3@3c P«r lb : Mush
rooms. 25®3Oc per lb; Marrowfat and Hubbard
Squash. $l(Xgl2 per ton for round lota and
Viiiic per lb for sacked. ¦ : =vTV.-
Ings were generally poor, prices were easier.
The market was still overstocked with Toma
toes and Green Peppers and the demand for
those descriptions was very light. A few
small consignments of bay Tomatoes came in
and were offered at 50©ti0c per box. but found
few buyers, as the stock waa of poor quality.
Mushrooms were in light supply and firmer. -
POTATOES — Burbanks from the river, 6C@
73c per ctl; Salinas Burbanks. ?l 25@1 4f> per
ctl: Oregon Burbanks. 85c<g$l 10 per ctl: River
Reds 50@60c per ctl; Garnet Chiles. $1®1 10
per ctl; Sweet Potatoes. $1 50®l «53 per ctl.
short bills Is 3% per cent and for three months'
bills 3\ti<82 9-10 oer cent.
19@20c. Montana — Fine, choice. 18@20c; fin*
medium, choice, 10®20c; average. 10#20c; sta
ple, l!)@20c; medium, choice, lOSSOc.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL. WEDNESDAY, DECEMBER- 30, 1903.
Peyond an advance In Home OU to It VIM
STOCK MARKET.
Continued on Page Fiftetm,
" BOSTON", Dec. 29.— Believing that current
prices are not a sufficient Inducement, .dealers
In wool have been Indifferent a» to trading.
The market, however, Is steady and better
conditions are looked for. There has been
some tradim? to close uu accounts. There Is
a firm tone in the market for territory wools.-
In the market for wools a steady tone prevails.
Quotations for territories: Idaho — Fine, 15©i
l<!c: medium fine, Hi@l<c: medium, MS® 10c.
Wyoming — Fine. "15@16c: fine medium, 10@17c,
medium, I8%®19c Utah -and Nevada — Fine,
14%©15£c; 3ne- medium. 10Vi@17c; .medium,
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
13
AUCTION SALES
CLOSING OUT SALE
65 SHIREHORSES
Belonging to the estate of J. HKVDERSO:*
Rlley. Or These flnt-norses are
between 4 and 8 years old. weigh from 1400 to
1800. and are all brcken. single and double.
Sale takes place
WEDNESDAY EVENING. JANUARY 6. 1901k
(At 7:30 Sharp.)
OCCIDENTAL HORSE EXCHANGES.
246 THIRD ST.. NEAR FOLSOM.
Horres at salesyard January 4.
Catalogues ready.
"WM. G. LAYNO. Auctioneer.
jtv_ AUCTION SALE AT ARCADE HORSE
A 1 ** MARKET. 327 SIXTH ST.. WED-
NESDAY. December 30. at It a. m. I will
sell 40 head of all-purpose horses. Every
horse must b« as represented or money ra-
funded. JOHN J. DOYLE.THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL. WEDNESDAY; DECEMBER 30, 1903
14
COL.LECTIOX OFFICES.
HAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made;
city or country PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO.. 415 Montgomery, rooms 9-10; tel. B5S6.
CUIJSS BUPTUBE.
"WHO DOES IT? HUNTER. 1206 Market st.
Send for circular. Why will you suffer?
DENTISTS.
DrT~GRUSS, 504-5-0 CaTlaghan bldg.. 1^-ket
and McAllister fts.. »#£s the Basford OblSi-
;ler; the cnl> device ever invented for grin>-
li:p. , drilling .and excavating teeth without
pain. For demonstration call at flfice.
DR. Ll'CLUM HILL. 1443 Market.nr.Eleventh
— No cr-argo for extracting when plates are
made; old plates made over like new; teeth
from $S per set; extracting 50c; gas given.
A NEW plat*- — The Whalebone— cannot break;
v»:ranted 20 yrs.; crown. $3 CO; fillings. 00c:
rlates. $5: full eet; ail work painless and war-
ranted. Chicago Dental Parlors. 21 Sixth st.
A ARTHUR CHISHOLM. surgeon dentist,
room 14. Phelan building. San Francisco.
PARIS Dental Parlcrs £35 Kearny. cor. Hush-
Set teeth SI 50 up; crowns $2 up'.fllHngs 25c.
GOLD fillings 7fic; silver 35c: crowns. $2; no
pain: open Sunday Dr.O.B.Hewltt.SOt Sutler
illSKSSatAKKUS AND SEAMSTRESSES
ACCORDIONrBunburst * Unlfe plaiting. Stew-
art's button & buttonhole factory. 110 Taylor.
McDOV.'ELL Dressmaking & Millinery School —
Patterns cut to measure; eve, class. 1010 Mkt.
EDUCATIONAL.
ANC>THi:R Enlargement — California Business
College moves the first of the year to
re->v home. !H>l-trJ5- Golden Gate ave.. occu-
pying 1S.0OO square leet, the entire top floor
Cf the r>ew Pioneer Automobile bldg., oppo-
Pte b«autlfu! Jefferson square; every modern
1Cea lor health, comfort, and proprets of our
etudentp; departments ail reorganized and re-
furnished : occupies larger epace than any
other two business colleges on the coast;
write at once for our 75-page illustrated
catalogue, giving full information about our
25 Der cent removal discount. Address 300
Larkln st.
ALWAYS the best— We are enlarging our
quarters f>0 per cent: other school! are mov-
ing farther out to secure cheap rent: our lp-
catlon is central, among the buslnoas houses,
giving advantages in securing positions, al*o
ror.venient car service: experienced business
men as teachers: actual business bookkeep-
ing; Grezg shorthand (used in half the
school? In America): typewriter at home
free. SAN FRANCISCO BUSINESS COL-
LEGE. 1230 Market M^
AVRKS. the leading business college. 723 Mar-
ket st.: established IS years; life scholar-
ship. $00; bookkeeping, shorthand, touch typ-
ing, arithmetic, spelling, etc.: positions se-
cured: the college refurnished with new
typewriters and furniture Jan. 1. Catalogu*
free^ •* ;__
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE. 24 POST. S.
F-— Bookkeeping. shorthand, touch typing,
languages?, telegraphy, English jranches; da/
and night sessions; Illustrated catalogue free.
THE PAUL GERSON School of Acting, the
foremost institution of the kind in the entire
West: 12 teachers: send for catalogue. Na-
tive Sons' bide. 414 Mason st-
CALIFORNIA Business College. 305 Larkln st.
"A thorough school": positions secured for
graduates; mod-;-rn methods; individual ln-
etructicn. Write for illustrated catalogue.
THE Lyceum, art accredited preparatory (ichocl
for the university, lay and medical colleges;
ref., Prosid*nt Jordan or any Stanford profes-
sor; day and evening sessions. Phelan bldg.
HINMAN'S Academy: a thorough srhobl of
dan:ir>3, established 2<» years. 1412 Polk St..
between Pine an<l California; both adult and
children's classes are now open for the 3eafon.
DANCING Tuesday. Thursday. Saturday, Sun-
dny evEs., Teufonia Hall. Hnwaril St.. nr.
lit hi Prof. Fester: Fociety dancing tausht.
WANTED— By gentleman. instructions In
eclectic Rhorthand in exchange for Spanish
or French converrations. Box 300S, Call.
ENGINEERING — Civil, elec, mln.. mech.. sur-
vey, assay, cyanids; day. ev. ; est. 1S64. Van
der Naillen School, ll.'t Fulton, nr. City Haii.
ST. JOSEPHS ACADEMY. Peralta Park.
Berkeley, bearding school for beys under 15.
BRO. QENEBERN. Director.
HEALD'S School of Mines & Electrlclty.24 Post
«.. S. F. : a oractlcal school of engineering,
ccmplete equipment. Special catalogue free.
BANJO, mandolin and guitar thoroughly*
taught: orchestra practice free to pupils. J.
HOWARD MANSFIELD 461* Geary st.
SCHOOL OF ILLUSTRATION Day and
PARTINGTON'S. 424 Pine st Night class.
PIANO lossons. 2r.c half hour. MRS. PECK,
experienced teacher. 1C13 Mission, nr. Sixth.
PRIVATE lessons: penmanship and Engl:sh;
Cay or night. 5.10 Goldrn Gate avo
ARITHMETIC, bookkeoplng.grammar. writtng.
ftc: iiny or eve : $!"> mo. 1024 Mission. nr.Hth.
BM PM> VMgWT OFKICKS.
GEORGE AOKI. 421 Pout *t.: lei. Bush 135—
r - J r tpan»*e»CMne»e employment office; fur-
rij-h-»p boFt help; roniract? for farm h»lp. etc
A — OBPHEUM Employment Office — Japanei*-
Chln*F* help. 42« Pow«l|. -Tel. Main R7S2.
A— GRAND Jjpane»e-C::lriese Emp. Otflc». 41.1
Stockton: tei; Grant ich : expert, reliable ho|p.
RELIABLE Jsp-incc-Chlnese Employment Of-
f.ce; all kinds help. 315 Stockton; Main 51S8.
CIIINESK Emnloym»'nt Office — B»t help at
Leon Seung's. 411 Vs O'Farreil: tel. Eas' MH.
CHINF.SF. and Japanese help: "tab. 20 years.
T»l. Main 1P97. BRADLEV * C<>.. «54rt Cl»».
EMPLOVMEST WANTED FE3IAI.K.
A YOUNG girl wi«hss place to assist; $1.1 -
MRS. NORTON, VA3 Sutter Et.
A MIDDLE-AGED woman: coot] cook; $20.
_?.IRS. NORTON, :113 Sutter Bt.
YOUNG ICartern girl wishes position with small
city family «¦ ch».mb?rmr.I<! and waltrcfs or
general- houFework; eood v.-aces. Box 27CS,
Call offlce.
AN experienced woman would like to work
from ft to '2 to wait or atslst In kitchen in
br-31-dlrij-hfluse or restnurant. Call at 0
TehdcsR st. j
WANTED — Position ns housekeeper for elderly
couple by respectable and capable woman. I
Dox 271W, QalL I
COMPETENT, reliable woman wishes position
fcr housework; is a good cook- 1231 Market \
St., rocm 8. , i
A MIDDLE-AGED woman wants a situation
in city to. do light housework and plain
cooking for a small family; wages $20; no
washing. 545 Minna st.
EXPERIENCED trained nurse desires posi-
tion taking care of invalid or sick person;
bent or references given Address 511 Lsav--
en worth st.
WANTED— By experienced nurse, take full
charge of baby from birth wait on Invalid,
help with light housework. Ca'.l at 757
Harrison st. . ; :>'.-. i* •* ' • V. \
A GERMAN girl wlshr« situation as upstair.*
girl. Apply at S3 East ¦ Park Bt.'. Berr.ai.
Heights.
MIDDLE-AGED woman will cook or will do
any kind of kitchen work: 1 no objection to
restaurants. 2B1 Shlnley St. ¦'"¦-.'
REFINED lmly would like position aa house-
¦: keeper. Box 2703. Call office.
LODGIXG HOUSES FOR S A Ll£~g on -
A. CAMERON & CO., I'hone 1060.
3 Eddy st. cor. Market am! Powell. *
Headquarters for rooming-houses, hotels and
all kinds of business chances.
12S rooms; first-class downtown house: 5-
year lease; cheap rent: private baths; doing
line commercial business; reduced; see this.
47 rocrns: rent only $123: gool lease; fine
location; some apartments always full; clears
*200.
110 rooms; new and elegantly appointed
apartment house; one of tne swellest In city;
clearing $300 to $C00 per month; splendid
opportunity.
7-room new modern flat: $io0 cash, ba'.- j
snee on installments: income $-13; price $300. j
220 rooms; grand new mod?rn apartment- !
house; elegantly furnished: swell location;
clearing $1UO to $ti00 per month; ccld^n op-
port unit y.
15 rooms; Van Ness; cak and mahojany
furniture; a bargain if taken at once.
58 rooms; bonton location; elegant build-
ing; luxuriously furnished; all modern con-
veniences; grand entrance and lialU; strictly
up-to-date; called East by sickness.
12 rooms: Post; oak fur.. Brus. carpets;
clears $50; f3lKj cash. bal. on installments;
price $800.
59 rooms: new and elegant Irjildlr.g; fur-
nished beautifully and up-to->late: hot an-1
cold water every room: $i00O c:sh r.ecesstrj 1 .
GO rooms: rent $H5; fine location; all on two
floors; 3 years' lef.se; clears $100. all full;
$^00.
50 rooms; Bush; rent only $162; good fur.,
carpets; clearing over (200 p#r month; only
14 rooms to take care of, balance do own
work; a enap.
15 rooms: Van Ne??: rent $S.V. r.ak. ma-
hogany furniture; always lull; price ?1200;
almost new.
£0 rooms; cheap rent: furnished last June:
oak fur.. Brus. carpets: flours over $250 p».T
month: hair ca«h. balance 1 per cent: owrer
sick in bed.
7 rooms; rent $3S; mod?rn hou--e; new fur-
r.lture; clears *50; enly ?40O cash, balance
time.
!-! rooms; rent $40; new and mo<1ei*n little
boarding-house: fine furniture; hair mat-
tresses; clearing over $200 per month; price
$1000.
19 rooms; cor.; rent #?5; oak fur.; rood
• carpets, hair mattresses; part cash, balance
ou time.
22 rooms; rent $75; never changed hands:
all men; steady roomers the year around:
clears $S5 per month; flrst-claaa business
district; price $1800.
0 rooms; rent $4.1; cak fur.; moquet car-
pets; furnished 4 months; clears $-15; see this.
, IS rooms: fine sunny corner: rent only SSO;
weli furnlpheJ; ell outside roonn; fine yard;
clears flOO.
5S rcoms: rent 5250; 2 years' lease; well
furnished throughout; c!o?e in; first-class
boarding-house; clearing $250 per month.
C. E. HINKLF.Y. PHONE MINT 70(3.
102O Market Ft., opposite Fifth.
Reliable Ueallnr. Eaay term?. <Jlear Titles.
Former Patrons My Best References.
21 rooms; nsar Market st '.....$ 7."iO
1C0 rooms: gram! sunny corner 7000
40 rooms; Van Ness ave.; worth $:JOCO.. 1W<>
!> rooms; cheerful and homelike 17"
IS ricms; (i un'umished: rent $45 MM)
35 riwms; transient; lease l.'>fM»
£0 roomr; l^ase; electric lights 650
S rocrr.s; Port st.: rent %'Vi: only 2">O
14 rcoms: Taylor Et.: speculation 7,"i'>
7-rtym flat; newly furnished 3r>0
A— $3000: PR1VATF. bonrdlng-house, with *0
«>gantly furnished rooms, on Van Nee* ave.:
rooms always occupied and flrst-class patrca-
age. Fee R. O. WILKE. '2SU, Keamy «t.
ROOMlNG~house; 11 rcoms and bath; carpets
now; furniture In good condition; rent IK5
month; central location; a bargain if so'.d at
once. 309 Post st. - : - .
CORNER house. 54 rooms, center of city: rent
$225; S years' lease; clears $230 month; must
»ell before January 1. Box 3640. Cell office.
SPIRITUALISM.
PROF. Fred P. Evans, noted psychic for slate-
writing and clairvoyance; stamp for circular.
1112 K<Kly ft., nr. Octavia; phone Scott SS7.
MRSCRINDLES materializing seance Wednes-
day eve., S o'clock; 50c. .'CS Ellis Ft.
EDWARD EARLR. 10S2 EIIif. r«-af!incR daily.
9:30 to 4: reances Sunday nnd Thursday.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
A— PAUL PF.STINK.
The Fln«f K»JTl»^*sr*d Tran«-« Clairvoyant iinri
Pnlmisl E"vfr IV H»n Fmnoi»ro.
n^ad C8r»fully. An Honest J'roiM>Rltlon.
No Chare- K" ChHrc*
Un;<>«=* you nhtaln lh« Informallon fnr whlrh
yon wnm!| m».
I do h»r»hv solemnly »er»» and In
Tnako no chnrp- If I r»ll m fell your nnm». «c-
cupatlon'i"'' whs* yon rallorl for; I prnmiw to
trll you If hiifhjiml. wife «r fwmh»»rt l« tni»
or f«lB«: '•!! wh" »n>l w»i«>n you will marry; in
fact. I will t"H *very hope, t-nr nr nmhlMc 1 **
hotter than you can tell yourself: I reunite th»
separate. r»Ftore lofit affectlonji. cfl(i«f «p»*<ly
ap'i happy marriage. gLv yon stoo.l luci*. M-
»-tor*» Inft energy*. 10 a. Tn. to R p. m.: Sun. 2-6.
320 O'Farrell ?t.; low fee this w»ek— $1. $t. fl.
I MME. M. BERNARD. THE FAMOUS
Clairvoyant and business medium, perma-
nently icra'cd at 17 Third St.. next Examiner
bldg. ; she rcacln your life correctly, elves an
accurate di-Kcrijitlon of the past, reveals the
present hat-pfiiincs and uortrajs .even's to
occur In the fuure: If you are In trouble, dis-
contented or no? satisfied with life, or # have
domestic, love or business troubles, consult
this great medium and you will be told how
to overcome them: valuable advice In all af-
fairs of life: 2,"c up: satisfaction guaran-
teed: r adings by inn II Tol. Black 450O.
STARTLING disclosures made: come at once
to Rovli.g Bill's Gypsy Camp
And ctr.sult Prof. Sardou and Gypsy Madge.
2 expert Dalmists and lif? readers — 2.
True and reliable ad\iee en all business af-
fairs, love, troubles and «Deculatlons; they
have nc »qual: satisfaction guaranteed.
Hours. 0 a. m. until 10 at night.
25c Hand Readings, $23c: worth $1.
ROVING BILL. 20fi O'Farrel! St.
A L1VORNO.
The Wprld-K»nown»<i Valmi»t
And O-yP'nl <*»*»r.
Hi ti'farnv *!.. OV»r Harnm»r«rnl«h * in»l«i*«J
»p» portrat* o* Mm». Llvorno »nl "Hjtlnoi
te^timonlalfi frnm <ilstinsulshed l>»ople »t fii-
trance; :* nu*p«ton» by mall. $1. P*-n«J month,
and year of birth. . *
1SMAR. the Egyptian gypfy, rlalrvovant an>l
palmlft. pernian'ntlj- looated st 'K»V Market
tt., cor. Turk; privat* 'roadlnga 'lally. 10 *.
tn. to R p. m. : r-»8<llntr« hy m»tl up sitUfac-
frif an In pereon: H ou"«Hotip 9nfwpr»i1. $1:
full lif». *5: f»nd lock of hair. <1nte and year
cf birth: d«nt send "urrency; send postofilce.
Wells-Kargo money order or registered letter.
THE OriBir.al Romany Gypsy Queens.
MADGE, OMEGA, DEnORAH. CLEO.
PnlmiHts, Card Readers, !
Clairvoyants. Trance Readers.
They will Inform you correctly of your
destiny, adaptabilities, future conditions; no
fairy tales; truth only. 2ST> Geary Ft.; n?ar
Poweli.
MRS. A. H. KRONENBERO, palmist, clair-
voyaot. card reader: when others fall try m«;
rood reading lOe. 721 Franklin, nr. G. G. ave.
MME. VK1NA. wonderful trance medium and
card reader: Just returned from long ab-
sence. 4M Geary st.. near Mason, room 1.
MISS ZEMDAR. young glftfd clalr. and palm.;
names: L. tO<-. G. $1. 714 Franklin. nr.G.G.av.
A — Mm*. Rivenna reads life, bufflnes-s advice:
names given; 25c up. B 4th rt.. near Market.
MISS WARD, removed to 017 Market, rs. 11-12.
gives names, date*, fects. Hours 11 to 0 p.m.
MRS. 1IROWN. clairvoyant, card reader, re-
moved from 1.12 Uth to 2..V4 Cth: la. .?5c. g. 30c
OLDEST lady palmist and card reader in city.
SO'.i Kearny. room 20; ladles, "5o; gents, COc.1
MRS. SHAFER. clairvoyant, card reader; ult-
tlngs dally. 4jSVi Jes«le St.. bet. 5th and 6th.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call.
1« npgfr. In wmrper. for mailing. ?1 p*r yar
CARl^F^ PKAT-I XG AXD CLEANING.
AIR now universally used In cleaning carpets
on floor, without removal: price moderate.
E. F. Compressed Air Cleaning Co., Call
bulldinc. Phone Main 6237.
WIJEN yon become dlsssrustrd with your w.irV-
send for SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
lng Works. 3S5-a57 Tehama st-; ftl. South 40.
TRY Hopke BrO3. ; carpet beating; maTtreesvs
made over. 1432 Howard; tel. South 210. ,,;«
WESTERN Carpet Cleaning Works. "lSOO II ar-
riyop tt.; AI cleaning: :>c;: tel. Mission 228.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Su'tteVir-
tel. tlaln an. GEO...WALCOM & CO.. Props."
RUDOLPH & CO., carpet-beating works ;prices
reanonabl*.; 1703 Harrison st.: tel.Mlssion 26:5.
CONKLIN'S Superior Carpet-beating Works.
3C3 Golden Gate ave. ¦ telephone East 12fl.
*IEI>P IVAXTKn MALE Ci»»tlnii.«.
n-ivTrn-Ftr L* S. Marlre Corps. as>.
good character: muJt s?«r.k. r*aa a..J ¦ *J-\*
EMiJrt : marine, W •> » t M» on m« i-o . -
war In «'I parts of tr.« *!«_*^*Sow l'-i
401 K St.. gacwrawnto. Cst- ¦*¦'- • '•""
$'VI> \V WTFD-Rf liable. *ok>r man to take
wti?n« 4rtner-s nterc=t in an cat*bll*h«i
no HPrrionue rtc'iircd. K'l'i Mar.-t. r _ l^
WANTED— Men "an,l Tvonie:, to lC ?™- 1 l?J >
barb?r trade: wages P^^_i?_i^ag_55
Vn\\ cr ttMnaa Wastsxn Col!es>? of t^trbe.s.
CA7 rnmrr.'-niJl "t.. San Franci^.o. ,
1 WVSTF.D-An all around tcckbinder; oa» wha
can Uo forwarding anJ nnishic? on lull
SSrai! Arjiy saneorn. vail _ CO.. 7tl
Market tt. .
¦^c xt y d Ln borers and mechar:!cs to know
that Ed Rolklr. Reno House proprietor. ea«
added 1C0 neif rooms to the Denver Housa.
217 Third ft.: V0 rooms; 23c to 50c per r.:g^t-
TRY our men's shoes, union made, at SI an J
SI SO p»r pair, foot-form shoes at $2 50. or
erthopedlc sho's. *•» '0: best -hoes on enrtn. 11
Third st.. ETiun. bids-. 5 doors from Market.
MEN to learn barber trade. San Franclac*
Barber College. 7«A Howard st.
SFAMEV for Australia and Europe; also sreea
hands fcr ¦ whaling- HERMAN'S. 22 East st.
PF.NSION atty.. E. A. BulMs. room 40. PbV.aa
bldg. Past Com. Geo. H. Thomaa Post. G.A.R.
' MCDONALD * PERRT have a large stock of
new and second-hand shoes: cheap. 2~3 3J st.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket— 70O rcoms; 33o night: reading rooms:
free 'bus anJ tagsase to and from ferry.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the reception
of advertisements and subscriptions has be»a
opened at 1008 Market St.. oppoalt* Fifth.
Open until 11 p. m.
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, halt
price. 8C1 Mlaslcn St.. bet. 1st and Sd st*.
G»T your shoes half soled while waJ»tng; 23a
to 80c. Bfti Mlstlon St.. bet. 1st awt 2d sts.
HORSES A?tD WAGONS. '
FOR SALE — Handsome trap, cheap. Addres*
box 3759. Call office.
AI EXPRES3 wagon, light . camping wagon
and go-cart, for sale cheap. 333 Mission st.
Largest assortmt 2-hand wag-oca, buckb'd. sur-
rey.haraesa.work.drlvlng horaea. ISth-VaJeaeta.
HOISEI-TOLET.
list of houses to let; send for elr-
cular. Q.H.UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgonwry.
A — HOUSES and flats to let: an Immens* list:
service abeolutely free: taks advantaj* ot
this department: It will s*t» yovi time and
trouble. Cordts Furnltur* Co.. 243-239 Oeaxy
kt . en the square.
LAP.KIN. P<)8. near f>ary— 7 rooms, bath,
launch y. 4 front rooms: rent only $32 50.
UMBsiEN & CO.. 20 Montgomery st.
BKFOKK moving get our printed list of hotJso*
to let. BALDWIN & HO WELL. 25 Post st.
>A WEEK'S news for 5 c»nts— The W«pkly Ca!l.
IS pages. In wrapper, for mailing. $1 per y»a-.
I^)3T AXD FOOD.
$100 -REWARD— Lest on I.aguna St.. b»t. Eddy
ard Hayes. Jewelry w.rapped in handkerchief.
MRS. BLE-Y. 1128 Eddy St., or'4U> Battery.
LOST — Case ccntainlng dlamcml /ing ar.-i stud.
between Hayes and l>evisuderi. Scott and
Fulton. 1CO(J Fulton st. : $-*«> rawatr— ¦
LOST — Gentleman's solitaVr** diamonfl r:n«.
hea\y t.-r.:>^s:e,l*craia's«-ttlna:; rewanl. Mrs.
M. Ii.. 'rocm 11 Hot,-} Stewart. 4'.M EHls st.
LOST— ?10 reward; lest Dec. Zi. 19C3. either at
fe:ry builJing or on C»stro-st. car So. 113.
a lady's fur tape; return to 205 Drumni st.
LOST— 2 black and 1 r«-d t-o-.v. PWass Inform
JOE KENNEL. Six-rr.Ue tluuse. can Bruno
road^ _^
LOST— A watch fob on beach' near CUS
House. P.eturn XI Bgcond St.; re^ar'I.
LOST— Small £u.n of go!d. Return tt» 1 City
Hall place and receive reward» ,
IT will pay to "T'.eraember" that the California
Watch Case Co.. 22O butter »t.. nee>1» ol*
gold and silver to mak* new wa'rh <-a»»».
3IED1CAL. .
MRS. DR. WYETH. specialist for all feroalt
complaints: instant relief guaranteed: i*
yfars' experierce: 'rgny>ved to >CB t'ost St.
MRS- DR. KOHL, reliable specialist for mii r*-
tr.ale troubles and irregularities; instant re-
lief guaranteed. jOCS',4 Market St.. opp. 3tn.
DR. G. W. O'D~ONNELL— All who are sick or
In trouble consult this »p«clallst on femal*
ccmplalnts: positively corrected; the un'ortu-
r.ate helped- the most difficult cases treated:
advice free. Office. 1C1S Markt St.
CA T \ RR hTdK A FN ITSS find NOISES in EARS
positively cured; nt-w n?*thod: 1 week's treat-
n-.ent free. Dr. Cottir.gham. 201 Sdtter st.
Drs Goodwin. 7:3 Turk. nr. Van Ness — Expert
In cbstetrlcs. female complaints; inst. relief;
treatment $10; houra. 10 to g; 25 years' «*P«^
MRS. D. ALLEN. 1113 Market— Reliable laCie«"
specialist: a private home before and during
con flnemer.t; best medical care; low feea«
DR ROSEN resides 1005 Folsom it. corne*
26th; ladles, relief or no fee; $10.
DR. ami Mlip. DA VIES and HINDOO HERBS;
•original nr-thed of treatment. 1126 Markot at.
DR. NO TOY KEE. 319 Powell St.. oppo«lt»
Union yquare: all diseases cured by herbs.
MISCEUUAMSOUS FOB SALE.
'BOILERS, engines. 2d-hand machinery. McDI-
TOSH & WOLPMAX. 185-197 Fremont at.
TRY ASBHSTOS roof paint and be convtnc«4
that it is the ont 4 / paint that will stop all
leaks In any roof, eittu r raetal or shingle: It
Is aUo tl-e h^st preservative paint for all new
metal and shingle roofs, and makes the roof
last over f.vice «<• Ion? than painted with
any ether paints: It has no equal. Office 419
California st . ro.-rn 21: telephone James 5<ltJ.
BLDD-BAtGHMAN CO. '
DOES YOU P. ROOF LEAK?
Repair It with elatertU: In rolla easy to lay:
needs no painting or coating: good over ola
Iron tin or shingles: best for new roofs.
ELATERITE ROOFING CO.. 713 Market St.
2D-HAND machinery, boilers, engines, pumps,
pulleys, shaitlr*. etc.. etc, bougSt. sold,
rented and exchanged: see Sunday papers.
H. S. WHITE M'CK'T CO.. 150-132 Bealo at.
A Fine suits. $7 5<»: dress pants. 52 3a Origi-
nal Misfit Clothing Parlors. 233 Kearny St..
near Bush; cpen to ft p. m.. Sunday to noca.
A— Buys, fells or rents gear machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipe, shafting, pulley*,
etc. WHITELAW. 253-25.1 Spear St.
FOR SALE — $200: 6 years estab. hair business;
living room.": store goo«l for any business;
rent $.".0 month; fine location. 1523 Market. <
LATEST Improved drop head Domestic: oak
woodwork: all attachments; almost new;
very cheap. l.'»13 Pclk at. f
TYPEWRITERS, slightly used, sold at cost:
new Underwood visible typewriter catalog
vent free. R. E. Revalk A Co.. San Francisco.
TRY our men's shoas at $1 and $1 SO pair;
toot-form shoes at $2 30; w« pay ¦ «xpr«s»
* charges. 11 Ud St.. Exam. bhl. ; caRM'og frea.
ALTERATION ssle — Best J2 SO hats. $1 SO.
Popular PiW? Hatter. :C0 Kearny St.. near
Pine; cpen to 0 p. m. ; Sundays to noon.
SAILING ark for flrhlng ami hunting. -2J*
Bush 't., third floor, io»m 4.
VIOLIN— Old; fine Tone; cheap Box 4548. Call
office. ;' .;».
SOMK gcod recond-hand •ilJllMS, 1 to
12 H. P.. cheap E. B. Beck ft Cc^ 122 Mkt.
FINE steam autornGbUe; first-clas's running or-
der. W. V.. 520 Lyon St.. San Francisco.
SVOT machines cheap; Chicago**. Twentieth
Centuries. Pucks. ' BACIG ALL PI. 9Xi Market.
DESKS and safes; see tbe complete line at ISli
Market, zb. Van Ness. RICHARDSON BROS.
SAFE*?— New and second-hand. THE HER-
MANN SAFF. CO.. 307 Battery st.
NEW* and second-hand machinery of all kinds.
KIIOCH MNFO. CO.. S19 Market st.
MOYINd pictures, magic lanterns, sale, rental;
bargains. Bullard £ Breck. 131 Post st.
1X1LKS of pipe an<i Cuinp!': «'i EL'-
GF.NE; RILKY A SONS. 103 Vallejo *t
FAKES— X*w a^l .econd-iianU. K. I-- BECK
* CO.. 122 Market *t.
All barj:a:ps:carnp stools sn1 rnnirs; harr.rr.ocl<\
metal teds.mattres--s^». J.F.Hottgr.TC Mian'oo,
Edlion phonographs. recorJs. *upp;>s. moviJJJ
picture machiues. films. Bacigalupi. (S3 H!ct.
GASOLINE engines, automobllen an I launches:
all sizes. J. R POAK. 4« Frtmon; St.
ASK for pr:c»» on s?«)n.1-hand typewriters- alt
maksH. ALEXANDER & CO.. W> Mootg-y.
A WEEK'S news tor 5 c»nt» — The Weekly Calt.
16 pages, u» wrapper, for mailing. $1 p«f yeaxl
THE^CALLj
70321 D. SPKECISLS. Proprietor.
-\. 1. MARTIN Eu?inear Manager.
XELEPHONi^
A»k for THE CALL. The Operator WlU Con-
nect You With the Department You Wi*u.
Publication Office Market and Third. S. F.
Kditonel Rooms '-'17 M 221 Stever.*ca st.
Dem » red by Carriers. 20 Ct». P*r Week. 75
Cts. Per Month. Sinple Copies 5 Cent*.
T«rm« by Mail. IncIudiTie Instate <Casn witn
Order): .„ M
TATLT CALL (lnclud. Sun<!--V 1 >e«r..$S.OO
DAILY CALL (lnclud. Sunday). 6 mot.. 4 ; O«
DAILY CALL — By Single Month <£"
FUNIMY CALL. 1 Year -••*{
WF.FKLT CALL. 1 Year ~ ¦ \r ,?,
I'Da'lv SS 50 Per Year Extra
FOREIGN ( suraaV «•** T ' ar Extr *
POSTAGE. J|£25£: Vw Per Tear Extra
ALL PObTM ASTERS ARE AUTHORIZED
TO RECEIVE SUBSCRIPTIONS.
EisbjsU Copies will be forwarded when re-
quested.
Wall -jbscribers in ordering <***£« of ad-
tress should b« particular to give ,
AND OLD ADDRESS in order to *""">*
rrrr=pt and correct compliance wiJi their r»-
¦SCM.
OAKLAND OFFICK:
111? BroaJtray Telephon. Mala *0S3
BERKELEY CFF:CE:
:i*« Center Street Telephone North 77
WASHINGTON CORRESPONDENT:
MORTON E. CRANE 1«*J G Streeu N- w.
NETV YORK NEWS STANDS:
TTRldorf - Astoiia Hotel; A. Brentapo '1
fricn Square: Murray Hill Hotel: Fl.tb-a»e-
rue Hottl ffiA Hoffman House.
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
Fhfrtitn Ho-jse: P. O. New. Co.. Oy*"
•Cortbcrn Hc.ol: Tr*inont House; Aulitorlum
HcitJ; PulCKfM Hcuae.
C CHICAGO REPRESENTA-n^-E:
C.V5COBGB KROGNES?...Msrquette Eojld t
•Lcng Distance Telephone. "Central -oi«- »
NETW TORK REPRESENTATIVE:
CTErifEN B. SMITH SO Tribune Building
NEW TORK CORRESPONDENT: ,
C. C. CARLTON Herald Square
BCenCESa OFFICE of th« Pan rraneUco
C_«. ccrr.er Market s»1 Thlra ftreets; open
uctll 12 o'riork "very fi'^ht hi «h* year.
BRANCH OFFICES:
f?7 Mrntircir.try ?tre*t. corner Clay: open on-
i.l S>:30 p. m.
*'*» Ksyw Ftreet: open until 9 p. m.
(3* McAllister Ftreet: cpen until S>:20 P- nu .
*!1S Lcrkia rtreet: cpen until '.»:30 p. m.
I!»41 Ml**ttfl street: cpen until 10 t>. n».
*in Market e'.reet. comer Sixteenth: open
until 9 p. m.
'J0« Eleventh street: eren until » p. ns.
1CT>C Valencia street: ot>en until 9 p. m.
Ncr-.heatt corr'r Church and Duncaa streeU.
cp^n i:nti{ i c. Si,- M __,.
N'crthwevt corner of Tw»r.tr - secona ano
Kerti:cky rtr»«"ts: cpen until 0 p. m.
mnre\ T'iliTr.rry »tw>*- np»r untU *> f. ' n
5IEETING KOTICBS.
• MISSION ChPDter No. 73. R. A. M. — •iS^-
Sr'-cml m»*tinr THIS 'WEDNES-XS
PAY, EVENING. 7:30 o'clock, ii. M. /?>
,»«.»-,* uv ..!d»-r of th» H. P.
JN'O. R. HILL-MAN. Secretary.
OROCKKTT I^x5r» K«. 139. F. an<1 A- JL
5« —Third .!**!«-.» THIS (WEDSES- XY
DAT! EVEXIXO. at 7 o'c!ock. l!f'~*
oriftt cf t^c- w. st
It. H. McPHgnSOy. Secretary^
ANNUAL Meeting— The annual mretir.g cf the
Morkholaere of tile Pj.ring Vmllty Water
Company tdU be held at the effl-e oT the
compass. S«. I-'J Btocktao n.. at 12 I'rWk
rto n. ua WKDNKHDAY. l?s« Hih <lay of
.Ianuai>. ''JO4, for the election of director?
• •, »«rvV tor \>* ensuinK year, and for th*
traneacilor. Of n'.ch ether bus;ne5? 8« may
cune betcre the n-eetlnr.
I'tLHAM W. AMES. Secretary.
.-?.n FmncJEco. Cali'orcia, Decemb.r 30,
r. <c>
TKE California Debris Commission having re-
c<•!^€d applications to min» by hydraulic pro-
ct-ft ; fror Clarence Bradshaw. John Baronl
Hnd KdV«:r.1 Pantlrfo. in Eleohant Placer
Mine, near Volcano. Amador t'ounty. Cal..
' <^raising irtu Sutter Creek, which reaches
San JoaqtUs River; from U\. F. W. and
O.-o Wtvniin. in Comet Hill Gravel Mine.,
n'ar (Jrar.il- Hill. El Dorad > Countv. Cal..
rt'air.ints in? :. 3u!l Ravine, which drains Into
UVbtx-r Creek, thence Into American River, I
from E. A. Wiitjsee and J. E. Doollttte. In
French ili!! MiTi«\ near Lagrans?. Stanislaua
t'fintv.- Cal.. <ir£i"lns into Snake Ravin*.
nhK-h*<!ra!nit into TuoiuTine River, and from
E A \VJIt*e» and J. E. Doolittle, la Pat-
Tirksville Mining district, draining into Pat-
j:-k* liarin. r.^r l^e^range. Stanislaus Coun-
u- <~al.. cives notice that meeting will be
fcVld at room »C. Flood bulldine. San Fran-
.'.!¦(¦¦-. Ca!.. Jan. 11. J!K>4. at 1 ::?<• p. m.
Ti^E or.nual tr^eting of the stockhoUer» ot
ib« NevaJa Naticnal Baok of San Fmn-
rfectt. Cal.. will be held at its banking
fcco«e. 301 Montgomery street. San Fran-
<<*co Cal.. <-n Tuesday. January 12. 1J»O«.
st 3:16 p.* m.. for the election of directors
:o serve' during the •*neu:ng year, and for
tk* tranracticn cf tuch other businees as
tr.»y rim* before the mc*tir.g.
GEORCJE GRAirr. Sec.
«=?n Frsr.cl«cv Dec. 12. lr.O-T
ACiEM'S WANTED.
ACENTS isri make S7 per day up in *r«re
:l:n»-: mor* hy «t»a»ly work. RhObiN, 12*
Ptarr King building.
ATTOaXg YS- AT. >.A W.
¦•: \V. H. BITTNER.
ATTOT.XEY AND COUNSELOR AT LAW.
Advice free. FbOMi South 7-13.
Eu'.te "i2. Emma i-preek«>ls building.
Divorces Quietly and legally obtained for
! eirht causf«: tfan;aEes secured for injuries to
r*rt-cn or estate: replevins f«r property un-
iBw'u'Jy d«t«in«-d; attachments and ;arni«h-
n.ent» for <2c-bts: bonds furnished: bankruptcy
proceeding*: wills probat«~3: estate-s ve'.tleJ:
collections mtoV 1n all part» of :he V.. S.
A PRIVATE, quick divorce for a small fe«.
£r-«. tne and 5ave mon»y: no pay in advance.
O W. HO'.VE ATTORN EY-AT-LAW.
E*tebli*hed 22 >rs.; rmn. I. 2. 3. 4 & 5. 1st fl. j
1122 Market ft.. betwr-«-n Ma«on and Taylor
Advice free, all matters. Detectives employed I
R. V.. KING. At'.crnfj-at-Law. Exam. bidg..
?5th floi r. tntram-e room til; established 20
yrsri". all cas»«; sren'-ral court and office
practice, no fe^ in advance or for cnnFulta-
tirn: < ¦ cnlnrs by MfipUtXttmtat. Tel. Red 3H01.
ADVICE free — I will advance cost In merltori-
cus casrn divorces, rrobate and all other law
csre*; no fee* In advance; open every even-
lr.g. J. M. THITRSTON. KJ9 Maiket tt'.. r. *!.
ADVICE FREE!
Ce!umh!tn Law and Collection Agency
Rocm tt. 916 Market St.: tel. John 0226.
DIVOBCE eocta $12; ri*n ev»ninE«- tenants"
ejected. Jj. V\n Maiket. r.«a:.ph..ne Iliack C51.
DXVOSCB— Ccsta. *12; qalclc. quiet: advice
fre»: tp. n ovn.ngs. 327 Market ft., r. 301.
ADVICE fre*-: no cfcsrge ui>y« successful; all
law business. W. W. Davldnon. £>27 Market.
L. S. CLARK. 927 Market rt. : consultation
fr»e: n'. fe«* in Hdvance; open evenings.
BIRDS. DOGS. ETC. I
V.AI'.l'LING nuiarSea. talking parrots: all
kin&s cf tort and fancy blrdc; goidnsb seed
rages, etc. Give us a trial: »• will bleaa*
ycti. 1UK Hsrfcet «t.
_Kl^SINE5J»_CIIAXCES.
6TUANGERS. ATTENTION! ~~
Are you looking for a safe aod profiubl* bn»-
lne» cpenlng in San Francisco? If .o we can
cCer rou aDy numb-r "••iQir.ns an InrMtn'nt
tr:m $100 to ?M.CiV: every b-j»lD«s« oppot-
tun!ty that parses through our office, muft
•taod tbe do»ect lores'igation. and we can
j:«c* ycu tn a rtore. Esctory. hotel, mill, of-
f.e*. er. la fact, any bustcefF you may prefer-
klndlr rail and Investigate.
GERMANIA INVESTMENT CO..
Suit 221. Emma Spreckels butidlog.
A— » PER CENT MONTHI/T '
On Invettment* of $100 8nd upward: no "get- '
§ rich-quick" swindle, turf speculation or gam-
bling scheme, but a reputable, established
Irtjciness enterprise In Kan Francitco- cleaied
S6X.O0U laft year on $100(100 capital; stock
..let.«e«sed iiO.t.'V to rr.large the plant- call
«ir write for particulars.
GERMANIA INVEST. CO . W7 Market st.
A— MERCHANTS. ATTENTION^
Do ycu wlhh 'o enlarge your burlnesn. or 1o
yo-j declre additional capital? If ro. we can
tc-.-jorb y<xi wltb an at me cr silrnt parto^r
who will invert from S100 to $.'<(>. Of io; we
ha c a larc* number of derlrable tpplicanta
ctr our bookc reeking rood business opening*
GERMANIA INVESTMENT CO..
Eon 321. Erama Spreckels balldlng.
A— WORKTNGMAN'H boarfllng-house; good"l<v
ratine; low r»r.t; «t«sdy boarders: no Agents.
H'.« :WH. '"nil offl^e.
FOR eale^ — Goodjfcaloon; cause, sickness: dc-lrg
. Knt,<i rtiffnt*"; L-hcap rent. I. fX)Ki:T. Sa-
Ilscf. C«l.
FOR ra!e — Ijirgen journal of its clrss In West;
rayirg high rete o.' Interest on laveetm?nt.
Addrece box 271>, Cell • -fice.
WANTED— Ccok, country hotel. $"0, fare paid,
2 cocks. Greman style. $35; cook, delicate^
sen. $3<>; cook. Alsmeda. $30; housework. -
In family, country. $W: Menlo Far*. - m
family. $30. fare here: maid and seamstress.
$25: parlor maid. $3t>; 3 second girls. 5_u. »-•>•
housework. Mill Valley. $25: cleaning woman,
institution $25; 2 waitresses, commercial ho- J
tel, country, fare here. ??&; laundress, S-^.
3 nursegirlr $H5. $20. $25; 5 chambermaids
and waitresses. S20. «22 SO; Protestant girl,
housework. 3 in family. $25; 40 general house-
work eirls city. Alameda. San Ra ? a?l- _°i i
520. $25. $3O. $3r>. Apply to J. F. CROSETT |
& CO.. 334 Sutter st. j
WANTED — A managing housekeeper, not over i
30 j-ears of are, fcr first-class private fam- I
ily: references required. Apply to J. F. I
CROSETT & CO.. 334 Sutter st. ;
A "WORKING housekeeper for gentleman and
two grown children; $25: references required.
MISS FLUNKETT. 425 Sutter St.. near
Powell. » m
SEWING MACHINE OPERATORS AND RIV-
ETERS; NO EXPERIENCE NECESSART:
PAID SALARY. LEVI STRAUSS A CO. 3
FACTORIES. 32% FREMONT ST. A>ID 1&73
MISSION. NEAR FIFTEENTH.
A GIRL between 19 and 30 years of are for
housework and help with children: no wash-
ing; carfare paid; $25. Apply 233 Third ave..
Richmond district.: Sutter-«t. car: call be-
tween 10 a. m. and 3 p. m. Thursday.
WANTED— In San Rafael, strong, intelligent
girl about 28 years, general housework:
wages $:SO month. Address, with references,
H. B.. 805 Fourth st.. San Rafael. Cal.
WANTED — Stenographer end typewriter; mod-
erate salary to commence with; steady posi-
tion: give reference, experience and wages
expectsd. Address box 2758,^Call office.
RELIABLE girl or woman not over 4O to help
with light hounewtrk: must understand plain
cooking: good home references required;
wages $15. 3026 California st^j
A GIRL for second work; gocd wages. 2307
Broadway, near Fillmore st.
INDUSTRIOUS business women capable of
handling mercantile proposition can secure
employment with the Royal Mercantile Co. ;
genteel work: good compensation. Suite 19.
Columbian building. 916 Market st.
WORKING housekeeper and girl for general
housework wanted; mother and daught'r pre-
ferred; good salary to rlirhr party. Address
P. O. box 424. Sacramento. Cal. ,
WANTED — Girl for housework; wages $20 to
$25. 51 Cumberland St.. b«t. 10th and 20th.
and Guerrero and Dolores sts.
WANTKD — First-class ralesladles on clcaks
and suits; city references. BARON'S, ~CZ
Market at.
TALENTED " amateur cerronoers. Apply a:
Chutes S p. m. Wednesday; salary no object.
A SECOND .jcirl for private family; city ref-
erences; $2X'. 1717 Broadway. , near Franklin.
GIRL for genera! housework; $15 a month. 120
Eleventh St., top floor, left.
SWEDISH girl wanted for general housework.*
1720 Le Roy ave.. Berkeley. Calif.
FIRST-CLASS stenoeraDhera furnished. Miss
M. G. Barrett, Instructor. 302 Montgomery
A BRANCH oMce of The Call for the recep-
tlon cf «dvertie*irents aad subscriptions has
been opened at 1008 Market St., opposite.
Fifth. Open until 11 p. m.
HELP WA.VTKI) MALE.
' A — MURRAY & READY. CV4-63C Clay St.
Phone Main 5S4S.
L«ead!ns Employment and Labor Agents.
1002 We Gave 11HV; We'll G.va
45,000 Men Work. 60.000 Men Work.
ARIZONA, close to PRESCOTT.
German or Scandinavian cook. wife. $;j0.
Carriage trimmer Old Mexico, free' fare.
$»— DON'T FORGET— $!>.
Arizona. To-day. Frescott.
Steady job for two years; big wages.
ITALIANS.
40 Italians tn chop wood : tools found
NEW R. R. WORK.
155 Italians or Portuguese. $8i>. ¦
155 Greeks or Spaniards. $60. *
• K-5 Austrian3 or Mexicans. 560.
Sexton, young or middle-aged man $25 found
5 cooks. $30. $40. $30 $C0 and found
MURRAY & READY. 634-630 C'.ay st.
GOOD JOBS!
12 two' or • four horse teamsters. $67 50 and
$?5 per month; good Jobs.
German brswer for State of Nevada.
Office man and porter, country hotel, $30 fd.
BIG LUMBER COMPANY.
4 spool tenders. $45 and found.
4 rigging puilera. $(0 and found.
Skip tender. $67 50.
3 boll boys. 525. $20. »15 and found.
Neat young man. tend bar, help deliver
dr-nk.-« ,$35 found, near city.
MURRAY & READY, 634-638 Clay st.
LOOK!
8 carpenters, flume work, free fare both
ways, boss here. $00.
5 hostlers, ilty and country jobs, $35 to
$*:0, and found.
Gardener, jobbing work. city. $1 25 day fd.
3 ENGINEERS.
For different gold quartz mines. $30.
R-jgjry washer, city job. $75.
Tinner country shop, steadv $60.
LOOK !
Baker, city school ami institution. $40 fd.
Baker's helper, city. $7 week found.
2 harness cleaners. $35 and $50 found.
Cook, few people, at springs, SJO found.
LOOK!
Clerk and porter, country hot?!. $30 fjund.
Waitrr commercial country hotel. $30 fd.
IN MENDOCINO COUNTY.
IS German or Scandinavian woodchoppers.
No. I Mg job. $1 to $1 50 cord.
MURRAY & READY. 634-C38 Clay St.
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S.. Phone Grant 1S5
A broiler and a fry cook, fli«t-class hotel,
north, fare paid ?20 week each
10 woodchop^ers. Scandinavians preferred, . .
$1 50 cord
C. R. HANSEN & CO 429 Bush st.
ANDRE'S office. 317 Stockton St.— French
cook, $C5; cook, small hotel, near city. $35;
broilers. $70; n^cond gardener. private
place, $25 ami found; porter, for country,
references, $25 and found: dishwasher. $20
and found; baker, for institution. $40; etc.
SEPARATOR man. $35 and found; farmer and
wife. $45 and found; cook and wife for coun-
try. $105. see boS3 here; eclored elevator boy.
$30, and others. J. F. CROSETT & CO., oi'S
Sacramento st.
AT~CAL EMP. AGENCY. 50 Third St. '
4 laborers, near city. $2 a day.
4 teamfters. city, $2 CO a day.
A— HOTEL GAZETTE. 26 Montgomery, r. 12—
Walter fcr rrill. country, $40.
\\ ANTED— For U. 8. army, able-bodied, ua-
marrled men. between ages of 21 and 33. citl-
rens of United State;, of good character and
temperate habits, who can speak, read and
write Englleh. For Information apply to Re-
cruiting Offictr. Klalto building. New Mont- I
gotr.ery st.. San Francisco, or Masonlo build-
Ing. Sacramento. Cal.
__ _ ; _
Men to learn the barber trade tn two months
snd secure gocd positions: catalogue and full
Inform* t. on mailed fiee. MOLER System
Coll'ire. «3S Clay St.
INTELLIGENT man, not under 30 years old.
familiar with" general merchandise; not
afraid of hard work: state age. references
and salary. Box 2713. Call office.
WHY pay big prices to hart your shoes balf>
• cole'i wben you can get .It done for 25c. SO]
nnd 60c while you wait At Rfi.1 Mission St.,
bet. If* wnd 5d «ts.. or 11 Third tt.T
WANTED — Boy over 16 yearn to run elevator.
Apply Janitor Glendcre, Pine St., .between
Polk and Van Ness ave.
WANTED — Active, steady man to taks Inter-
est old established buoinrE*: draw ovt r -*10O
a morth: $3CO required. 18 Montgomery, r. S.
HONEST, energetic man. con<"ctln& ard gen-
eral outside duties: salary $50 month: $200
cash deposit re"qulrtd. 1* Montgomery, r. 8.
PARTIES who saw trouble In zoo at Chutes
about S:!5 Tuesday evening please address
box 2717. Call office. • " 'V'.
TRY our men's shoes, union made, at $1 and
$1 50 pair; foot-form shoes at fi 50; we pay
express or mail charges. U 3d «t.. F.xam. bid.
STRONG boy about IS years old. for assistant
janitor; steady position. Box 2710. Caii.
FIRST-CLASS barber wanted. 502 Turk rt.
BOOTBLACK for harber 3hop; young colored
. man preferred. 700 Geary at., corner Hyde.
EXPERIENCED dishwasher wanted; no others
need apply. C31 Clay st. ¦
LOCKSMITH or "*•!»• hard to work on glove
dies. WM. N. GUTZMAN. 1.0C Dwlght
way. Berkeley.
PALMER HENDRIKSON. formerly of Seattle,
is earne-tly requested to ¦» rli« to his sorrow-
ing mother or come honae.
PENSION ATTY.. M. HARRIS. 40 Kills «t: 1+
years' practice; references from thousands of
. perron* for whom I have secured pensions.
MUSICIANS to join military band. S23 Bush
¦t>, ; ttslri floor, room 1.
AT~cnce. two high-grade canvassers for maga-
zine work. 50 Columbian b.dg. ; city.
«l MNKSS CHANCES — Co»Uuti*d.
I R. G. WILKE. Real Estate and Business
Agent «ctta'^iUheJ 14 years). 2ti% Ke^rny
•I., rooms :> and 10.
A— SU-00 COFFEE taloon and irstaurant on
the water frcnt. c!o»« to Market rt. : dally
receipts about $i>5; business clearing $300
V<r month: trial given; a splendid offer;^in-
veftlgate at once. Sen ii. U. W 1LK.K. iMri
Kearny st.
A— $.U>0(:; HOTEL and barroom -nth 30 rooms.
In Point Richmond; rent $100: rooms aJway»
occupied by employes of railroad and fctana-
urd Oil Comijuuy; board bill guaranteed _by
company; uwner never clears Hss than foW
per moutn. Call R. U. WILKE. 2OVs *»e* r -
ny st. .
A— $1SOO; HALF Interest In one of the best
corner galocBit on water front; least; dis-
agreement cf r-drtners cause of eale: will
t,ell whole for J^loO. CaU R. G. WILKE.
2G% Kcamy st.
A— $32t.O; CORNER saloon on Fourth st., close
to S. P. fieisht sheds; 8 rurniBhed rooms
and kitchen; « good paying business. S*e
R. G. WILKE. 'Mhi Kearny st.
A — $bOa: DA1KY produce ana delicatessen
store; rent $22: business clears above $100
per month; living rooms; value ;n sight.
CaU R. G. WILS.1S, 2«5Vi Kearny st.
A— Sli'(X»; cOt FEE ealooa and bakery; close to
PbeJan building; a good paying bualn*»s.
but rau«t be eaeriflced en account of. owner
being sick n hospital. Particulars, K. G.
WILKE, 2CH Kearny ft.
A WHOLESALE and retail butcher business
in Monterey County, with 6 acres of land,
dwelling house, slaughter house, tl.op nz-
tures, boiler, tank, etc.; 8 horses, wagons
and a well established trade; thl» Is a nr*t-
clast business rrcDosttica. All particulars.
R. O. WILKE. 26 >,» Kcamy at.
4.— «3&00; CORNER saloon, about 1 block south
cf Chronicle bldg. ; est&bltehrd years and a
flrct-cla&s paying place; fullest investigation
j solicited: tbie Is a very rare chance. Call
P.. G. WILKE. 2UH Kearny at.
A— $.>*>0; GENERAL merchandise store about
CO mile? from this city; a. well-established
and first-class paying business; yearly tales
sbout $1&,co0: a^l cafh trade: a v«ry rorv
chance. Particulars. K. G. WILKE. 2<>H
K*arny et.
A— $'J5C0; DF.L1CATESSEN store with lunch-
rorm: r»nt f"- 1 '; a good paying business;
1st Re stock; owner clears at least above ex-
penses $125 ptr month; flcknets only cause of
fale. R. G. WILKE. 2*l»4 Kearny st.
FOR rale — Beautiful and picturesque health
and F-mmer rescrt.. " hours' ride irem S.
F.. 20 minutes' ride irom depoi; has 20
acres land, set with all kinds fruits, flow-
ers: beautlfu! grove*; 32-room hotel, witn
cottage of 4 rooms, all furnished; necessary
outbuildings, dance pavilion, bar, bath-
houses, lake fcr rowing; raises cwn \ej-
'• ftabtes. poultry snd hay: 2 horses. I/Jggies.
bun. Jersey cow and calf, chickens, bar tlx-
turep. billiard tabie, new upright piano; 3
vear^' lease at $500 p*r year, can gc-t longer;
f.ne mineral springs: will cure many dis-
eases; money in everything on place: round
¦ trip Sundays St T>0 from B. F. ; death cause
of sale; price $U2r.O. CAMERON. ." Eddy st.
FOR «8!? — Best little restaurant In city: rent
$45: central: receipts $35 to $40 day; mu;t
leave town; price $ll*O0. CAMERON. :S Eddy.
-FOR sa!c or trade — Quartz mine; Sr.e prospect:
located In Cal.; assays $40 to $70 ton; trade
fr r"in'g house cr business". Cameron, 3 Eddy.
$7f-^ — FIRST-CLASS paying restaurant; good
local :on; receipts $35. 8 Mason St.. room 2.
$CfiC — :MILK depot, delicatessen, bakery: large
stock: good location: good trade. S Maacn st.
HOME bakery, book stcre. candy; four living
rocms, furnished: Invoice to-day. 8 Mason.
$17.% DCTfi half interest in cigar store and
poolroom. Inquire S Mason st.
$050 — GOOD paying cigar store; good stock;
cheap refit. S> Mason *:.
RESTAURANT; bargain: J.575; on good street ;
gocd trade; map. S Marcn st.
CALL nnd cee the list cf lodging houses from
6 to 20o rcoms: cheap rents; hotels, roail-
hn«it-es. 6alcons. restaurants, groceries, livery
r tables bought and eold and exrhang?d:
money loaned on chattels; millinery Etore to
txeharge. E1TEL ft CARROLL. 212 Kearny.
_;
AN old-established w whoe«a1e fruit produce
commisflcn business for sale cheap; owner
wishe* to retire on account of old age reason
for celling. Box 3e7t>. Call office.
HAVE rou anything to »*ll or money to Invent?
Write u* for pArticularc; ac*>nts everywhere.
Alta>!*na Invcatrnpnt Syndicate. 70S Market
»t.. F«n Frtri-lnvi, Cal.
ALL kinds of business bought, sold or ex-
changed by P. C. LASSEN & CO.. 4C6 Tenth
et., Oakland.
| FOR sale — One of the b*"st paying stationery
ard bonU store* north • of Market. Inquire
at C15 Larkln st.
FOR ssie — Scccnd-hand furniture store; good
location; going East. 79 Ninth st.
BARRITRS — Two-chair shop for sale; cheap.
1-i Polk Et.
S2QC — EXCELLENT opportunity for business
woman to make money. Box 3204, Call.
WANTED— Partner with (300 to establish new
basinets: machinist preferred: bx ."007, Call
WANTED— Partner In undertaking business.
Hex 270', Call office.
WANTED — Partner. in mountain h?rmita^e for
»:udy and development. HALL. « Brady st.
$CCO— PARTNER: fine business; $2C0 to $300
month. Box CaU office.
I $5O»— Will sell at sacrifice saloon, ftock fix-
turts. fc,od Till, etc. Apjrly ."1C Clay'tt.
PARTNER d«-llc«cy nnM restaurant; complete:
woman preferred. INGRAM. 7i'J Market st.
A BRANCH office of The Call for tne recep-
ticn cf advertisements and subscriptions haj
reen orened at 100S Market tt.. oppostt*
Firth Or*n until 11 p. m.
LOOGlAO-HOt ;SCS VOtt. SALE.
woX™ -— TooT
[MARION GRIFFIN]
ISENDSJ
[HOLIDAY GRKETINGS]
TO THE
[.1CO0 Peop'.e who called in 19031
[at his iip-*ij-date offices]
4CC Examiner Bids. — *0u Examiner BHg.
[Phone Elack :{'J07. Money to loan.]
. • [11 ROOMS.]
Big bargain: $150; new I year; full of roomers;
¦ positively must be «>M for cash: $150. «
! [41 ROOMS.]
Dividends of $5tO monthly to you if you can
run a bis transiert house right: price Sir/,-);
rusts nothing to Investigate.
[100 ROOMS.]
FIRST-CLASS family hotel; all modern conve.
nioncrr; cuisine and service special features;
10- year lease; «vsn water on each floor.
[C5 ROOMS.]
NEW and modern building; splendid furnish-
ings: r»-year lease; ciears $4^0 month.
[21 ROOMS.]
HIGH-TONED transient corner house: 3 blocks
of Market; ciears $150 to $200 month.
[34 ROOMS.]
CORNER house: north of Market; reduced to
$2250: terms one-half down and Installments,
or will exchange for smaller house or real
estate.
125 ROOMS.]
CORNER: 3 blocks (if Market: Sl.%50; rent $73;
a gocd honest Icdging-houtte.
ISO ROOMS.]
NHW and modern; extra fine furnishings: bit
water in every room; very swell; $1500 to
$2000 in cash necessary: lease; clears $170.
[40 ROOMS.]
NEW house; new furnishings: rent $100; se-
vere Elcknets reduced the pric* to $3000.
T23 ROOMS.]
Near New Tlvoll: rent $100: clears $123 month;
$1700; central; eaey term*.
[37 ROOMS.]
FURNISHED gorgeously in velvet and birds-
eye msple; new; r»-year lense; big profit.
1.12 ROOMS.]
GP.ASP it: rent $225: guaranteed to be clearing
S2Z0 month above all expenses: respectable;
6-year lease; fine corner house.
[28 ROOMS.]
GREAT bargain: must sell: rent $50: full of
people; quiet house; $12?>0.
[32 ROOMS.]
CORNER apartment-house In spacious grounds;
rtnt $125; clear* $200: well furnisfctd.
[,V> ROOMS]
SWELL apartments: 4-year leas»: up to date:
new house; raying hiir dividends $4000.
[20 ROOMS.]
IN fine grounds: large, fuxilit mansion; mag-
nificently furnished: now clearing $150; death
cause cf rale; boardlng-hou*e.
IS3 ROOMS.l .
HOTEL with bar: doing ruFhlne business: oak
and cherry- furniture: worth $10,000: will sell
fcr Sl&tiO; dissolution of partnership.
[14 ROOMS.]
PICK-UP: a holiday lift for some deserving
lady: rrl<*» £550 cash: a respectable house,
clearing $3S monthly.
[15 ROOMS.]
TRANSIENT house, near Market: good condl-
t'.on: cujf terms; mtkes much money.
A— JOSEPH PKIRM.
Room "?. St. Ann's building. <1 Eddy Ft.
?* rootrs: rent Sfi.".: location O. K $1ROO
1 V« rooms; Van Ness; hoarding; Cor: snap. 1500
11 rooms: fur &¦ carp 1 mo old: cost $1000. 700
AND NOW THINK OF THESE.
30 ROOMS; SUNNY CORNER; RENT $3
ROOM: ONLY 1500
GO nonyo; FUR. & CARPETS NEW 6
MONTHS AGO: RENT $100 2100
FOR BARGAINS 'CALL ON
r SKIRM. Room 72. St. Ann's building.
FOR SALK— A BOARDIKt;-.4«M;KK: MEDIUM
FIZE; ELFOANTLT FURNISHED; LO0A-
; TION BFrr IN THE CITY: LEASK:
OWNER T.rAVING TOWN. BOX 2S5S.
CALL OFFICE. • J
E.TTPLOYMEXT WANTED — FEStALE.
DRESSMAKER wishes a few more engage-
ments by the day; evening, ball, wedding,
embroidered, tailor-made gowns and evening
wraps a specialty; prefer taking work home; I
reference given: $4 per day. 713 Post -St.;
phone Lai kin 2CJJ7.
NEAT colored girl from New York as wait-
ress, chambermaid or cook; car fare. 1006
Clay st.
WANTED — A position by competent cook. 1204
Powell st.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subsfriptlons received at
Call Branch office, cor. Duncan * Church tta,
WANT ndi> nnd siihscriptlons taken for The
Call at F:.itnn> Bazaar. tCW McAllister *t.
»\ ' ' ¦
EjtlPLOVMEXT AVAXTEO-— MALE.
WAITt'ED — A situation in the country as clerk-
in lumber or mercantile company whsre by
hard work and strict attention to business a
steady position can be obtained; net afraid of
hard work and ready to take up anything to
employer's Interest. Box 27C8. Call.
YOUNG Eastern man, hi^h school graduate,
i>sirea employment !n u wholesale house;
references furnished. Box 2711. Call.
A WELL-EDUCATED rtrong Swiss, age 28,
r.Ufndlnjr night school, wants work of any
kind; references. Address box 2707. Call.
At PAINTER, paperhanger and tinter wishes
work by the day; very reasonable. Address
box 2710, Call.
YOUNG man would like a position as driver
on deliviry wagon. Box 3209, Call..
'"WANTED— Side line for State of California by
experienced salesman. Box 2712, Call.
CKOREMAN wants place; city or country- Box
2714, Call office.
A MIDDLE-AGED married man desires a po-
sitl'.n with so:no responsible firm; will accept
any situation, city or country. Address b;>x
l'7C2. Call office.
YOUNG man who has 18 months' experience
'desires position in barber shop to finish ap-
prenticeship. Address G. T. WELLS. 720 Cal-
ifornia st.
EMPLOYMENT wanted by a respectable man
willing to wcrlt for small wage% for a few
rnontlic Box KCS2, Call office.
POSITION wanted — A reliable married man:
understands care of horse?, carriages and
harness and can milk; wife good cook and
laundress; references'. S. D.. 77 Ninth si.
WANTED— Position as bookkeeper, stock, bill
or shipping clerk by married man, 28; sober;
good habits. Box 3650. Call office.
CARPENTER wants work; will do any kind
of carpenter work; references. - Carpenter.
IOCS Hyde st.
EXPERT GASOLINE ENGINEER is open for
position on Jan. 1. Address Engineer, 42S
O'Farrel! Et.. city. B«x 3500. Call.
YOUNG man. 30. desires a position of trout
with some rcsDonsible house, looking to ad-
vancement. Address box 3591, Call.
SHIPPING clerk; young man competent for any
place as a shipping clerk would like a situa-
tion with some reliable firm. Box ;:t>57. Call.
GARDENER wants position: flowers, fruits,
vegetables: unmarried; age 34. Box 3C75, Call.
WANTED — Position to do plain cooking and
housework. K. AKUTSU, 121 Haight st.
A NICK Japanese boy wishes situation as
schoolboy. Addioss P. S.. 315>4 Stockton st.
A JAPANESE wants position as schoolboy. H.
NIKKI. 4C5 Prst St.
KXCHAXCE.
FIRST-CLASS San Jcse an.1 Santa Clara'ccun-
ty proprtty in exchange for good rooming-
house 'or livery stable. Addrefs B., Call of-
fice, San Jcse. Cal.
-v TAC1A.T. U&SuAOS.
A — WRINKLES removed: tin* eornplexlon guar-
anteed, new method: 50c. M. LUTON. manl-
curing pariora. 7tU Lnrkln St.; phone Polk 17.
- ,. FINANCIAL.
HALFMOON Day — A new company now organ-
izing owns* nearly completed well only 400
feet from the Independent gusher; officered
by men of hishest reputation; small amount
of stock Is offered at organization price.
DEBENTURE SURETY CO.,Rlalto bdg..S.F.
COMPANIES Incorporated, financed and otock
floated. W. II. BITTNER. Lawyer and Fi-
nancial Agent. S22 Emma Spreckels bldg.
FLATS TO LET.
A— HOUSES and flats tor let; an Immense tlst;
service absolutely free: take advantage of
this department: it will save you time and
trouble. Cordes Furniture Co. 245-25U Geary
tt.. on the tquare.
ALL of the most de;irab> fiats and houses are
listed in our renting department: let us give
you a list and help you find one In the loca-
tion you want. STERLING FURNITURE
COMPANY. 10.J0 Maiket *t. ; ) services abso-
lutely free.
LARKIN. 1C1C— FINE 5-ROOM FLAT: LARGE
YARD: DRY BASEMENT: FREN'CH
RANGE: LAUNDRY: FINEST LOCALITY;
_FURNISHED OR UNFURN.: A SNAP-
MASON. HM-^Modern. sunny flat. 7 rooms,
bath; vacant by January' L 6S7 Pine st.
UNION. 10C5 near Lea venworth— Sunny upper
fiat. 6 rooms and bath; marine view; $o'>.
$27 50— NEW. modern~f!at. 0 rooms, bath,
basemtnt. 134 Eureka st.. near Eighteenth.
FUUMTtJItK FOR SALE.
FURNITURE for sale: flat of 5 rncras an.1
bath: ch«f.p. 151CA Vallejo st.. lower fiat.
NEW oak "bedroom set; also household goods.
Inc. bedding, kitchen ware. l<12Vi Mlwslon.
KL'i^lTUll"u_\VAXTKU.
A— HtKhcFi pric« paid for fur..carpets etc. Mrs.
T B . Selb-;. Kqultanle Fur. Co.. 812 Larkla.
Hir.HVST nricet for furniture and mdse. L. H.
ntJRD.aScMonttr.lSIS MkC:tel.Howard 27B1
A~WOLLPERT. 773 Mission, phone Red 4462.
buy*, rentt.. repairs, packs furniture, carpets.
I — i ' . '- • "*
1 ~ HELP ttAXTED-FEMALB.
TTTTMTflTihelp wanted at San Francisco Em-
Bureau. 27Vi Fourth st.-Nu«e girl
fnr .child " years old. city, references, $20;
!oa*okceper for one. ?20; Kght housework,
nerkelev *1S; woman for light housework
" A _w »NTED— Girls to learn hairdreeslngT
manicuring, etc. : trade taught from A to Z
in 2 weeks: ?5 to thftse entering now; 3 po-
sitions to fill immediately; positions guaran-
tied at *10 per week up: leading school la
\t^ tU -2X1 Geary *t.. room 13.
»_Gi r ] 8 to learn millinery now for spring sea-
* Bor- both seasons taught from start to nntsn
in i month for *10: positions as trtmm.is,
«»!ealad!es. etc.. guaranteed at ?10 per wk.up;
,day and t-venlr.g class. UQ Stockton it., r. U.
A— LADIES to learn all branches hairdressirg
' trade; massage, etc. I 1236 Mar-
t ke' st.. cor. Jones, room 94; positions secured
nt -"highest wages;. day and eve. class; call.
RELIABLE woman to care for baby and assist
with housework. 1114 Buchanan st.
WANTED— Middle-aged woman, general house-
work; references. 302 Clayton, cor. Haight.
THE MAN BEHIND THE GUN
Aivr.s to hit. Do yon? It must be clear to you that it is just as neces-
sary to use the right ammunition and aim straight at your mark in busi-
ness as it is in war. There is small charge for a Call "Want Ad., but it goes )
straight to the mark every time. Try one.
if^V^- , i i*** g ~!llitl»it^ — i'nr-Continued From Page Thirteen.
COMMERCIAL NEWS
Bay Pirates Keep Busy.
ALAMEDA, Dec. 29.— Bay pirates
have been busy of late along the Bay
Farm Island shore and in the vicinity
of High street. Charles Raddltz and
Edward Cleveland report the theft of
several row boats, skiffs, oars and
hunting equipment.
Delay Call for Bond Election.
OAKLAND, Dec. '29. — The Board of
Education has deferred action on the
call for a school bond election
until its regular meeting: in January.
The delay was taken that District At
torney Allen might pass upon some
changes the board has made In its
election call.
TOO Andes 24 . 500 Overman , 22
300 Belcher 24 400 Potoel 23
5<>O Chollar 2»; " .Too Saxage ....... 61
S50 Con -C & Va.l 30, 200 Savag« .. 82
2Cf» Crown Point. . IS 2CO Savage »4
300 Exchequer... IS \ 200 Sierra N*v .. 59
20t) ttould & Cur. :» 200 Silver Hill . . «V
200 Hale & Norc. 51 200 Union Con . . rO
1500 Justice 12! 200 Union Con .. HI
500 Mexican 14) ."00 Utah- 1?
- 200 Mexican ...1 37V-I 3d > Utah 10
150 Ophfr- ....2 70 .'MiO Yellow Jacket 23
SCO Ophir 2 72H! BOO Yellow Jacket 23
400 Ophlr ...2 75' " ', ..*, \," -
TONOPAH MINING EXCHANGE.
. Following were the sales on the San Fran
cisco and Tonopah Mining Exchange yesterday:
Morning Session. . . .
10O MacNamara . 10 ICO Ton K Star.. 3<t
130O Mont Ton ...1 13 40O Ton 'Midway.. 43
90O Mont Ton .1 12^ 100 Ton Midway.. .49
11C0 Ton N Star.. 35s
• 'Afternoon Session.
500- Cent Eureka. . 801 ¦•'?•¦ T'-j£
C1OS1NG QUOTATIONS.
TUESDAY. Dec.*29— 4 p. m.
Bld.AsIc.; • Bid. Ask.
Alpha C3 05! Justice .12 13
Alta .........oi 03'Kentuck 03" 0*
Andes 24 25' Keyea Graes. — 17."
Belcher ......23 24 Lady Wash... —.02
Best & Belch.2 d»> 2 IS Mexican .1 48 1 *<>
Bullion : 05 07 Occidental ... 4«f «
Caledonia »•> 92 Orhlr JTStW
Challenge Con 23 23 Overtuail . 22 24
Chollar 2n 21 Potosi 22 Zi
Confidence . . 72 7« Savage RO . 52
Con C Jfc Va.l 30 1 :io Scorpion 01 f2
Con Imperial, fix 04 ; $e<r Celcher..0« f8
Con NY 10 12 Sierra Nev . . 53 fil
Crown Po'ht.. 17 in>llver Hill .. «4 IB
Eureka Con.. — ?O St Louia .... 12 1*
Exchequer ... 17 is. Svndlcat- 04 Crt
Gould & Cur. 4O Cop .. «O tn
Male & Norc. BO .11 Utih 11 1.1
Julia 04 T5' Yellow Jacket 22 24
TONOPAH MINES.
Bid. Ask. j - Bl<1. Ask.
Csperanza ... — Cl| Rescue C3 11
Gipsy Que*n.. — 8O Ton Belmont.. 65 72
tk)ld Anchor, in — \ Ton & Cal... — 25
MacNamara . 09 — Ton of N«v.6 23 « tut
Mont Ton..l 10 1 12V.!Ton N Star.. 34 3n
Paymaster ... CB 10 Ton Midway.. «• 45
Ray & OBrlea — 15'
Stock and Bond Excliange.
TUESDAY. Dec. 20—2 p. m.
UNITED STATES BONDS.
Eid.Ask.] . . Bld.Asfc
4s qr coup.- 110- — 'Us qr cp newl3.HVil34^i
4s qr rc«...100>,illO' / ;l3s qr coup.. 107 —
MISCELLANF-OUS BONDS.
Ala A W Us. — — Do 5» 109'HllOH
Bay CPC 53.101 102 « Do eon 5s. -r- 10.1 .
Cal C O Cs. — 1C«- 3 W gtrt 5s. — ICO
Cal C & E g Oceanic S 5s. — 75
m & ct as. — 106«-i Om Cable «sl20 —
Cnl-gt 5s . . — — Pac G Im 4s. 95 100
O C Wat 5s. — 100 P E Ry Cs.107 —
Ed L & PCs.120 — P & C H 6s. — —
F & C II 6s. — 117 P & O R «s.H7m20
Geary-st 5s.. 45t$ 00 T'owell-st fis.H3U —
H C&S 51*9.104 — SE OAR 3s. — 101
H C ft S 5». - 100 SF & SJV3s. — 117
HUh R T fis.104 10H S R of C 0S.112U —
L A Elec 5s.HH 1C."i% S P of A 6s
L A^Ry 5s.Hl 113 O90») 1071,103
L A L Co «8. — — (1910) 1C$',& —
Do gtd 6s. — — S P of C to
Do gtd 5s. — 104^i nftO5)S r A.103 1A4
LAP lem Ss-lCO 102 (l»05)Sr B. — 1O4H
Mkt-st C fia.HS% — flOOtf) 104m05
Do lem 5e. 11.1 — (1012) 114% —
NRR of C6s. — 10S • SPC 1 eg Ss.114 117U
Do 5s 114 It5 Do Rtmpd..lC7 107V.
N P C R 5s. — ins S P B R 6s. — 132«i
X C R 5s.. — 112 S V W 6s.. IOC —
N C P C 5s, — . 101 Do 4s 2dm. OfiUlOO
N S R R 5s. — 101 Do 4s 3dm. 07 f>*%
O O L H 5s. 107*; — Stkn G&E fis — ion
O T Co 6s«.llS^ — IT c & E 5s. — 105
WATER STOCKS.
Contra Costa — .41- ! Port Costa.. — ¦ —
MarlnCo .. 60 '70 IS V "W Co. 38% SDK
thf-re was nothing new on the local exchanges.
The Stock and Bond Exchange voted to close
from Thursday afternoon to Monday, over New
Year's.
The Utah Mining Company has levied an
assessment of 10c.
Ex-divldend yesterday: Pacific X*oast Borax
Company, regular monthly, $1 per share
amounting to $10,000.
The Union Trust Company has declared a
semi-annual dividend at the rate of 3V» per
cent ,r>er annum on term deposits and 3 per
cent on ordinary deposits, payable ' January 2.
The Sunnyside Hall and Improvement Com
pany has levied ?.n assessment of {3 per
share, delinquent January 23.
Wells, Fargo & Co. have declared a" regular
semi-annual dividend of 3-' per cent and an
extra dividend of 1 per cent, payable Janu
ary 15.
• The Skagit Cumberland Coal Company has
le\-icd an assessment of lVic per share, delin
quent January 25.
The Pacific Transfer Company has [evied an
assessment of 5Cc per share, delinquent Janu
ary 20.
The California Guarantee Investment Com
pany has levied an assessment of $4 per share,
delinquent January. 10. . . .
The Merchants' Bank of Berkeley has been
licensed by the Bank Commissioners and Is
now dolns business. The capital is $25,000, of
•which .40 per cent has been paid up. F. S.
Page io president. Frank Esmond vice president
and E. S. Pa;e secretary and treasurer.
The South Berkelsr Bank of Berkeley Is be
ing orranized. J. L. Barker will be president.
Gad Alwyn vice president and . E. K. Cole
cashier.
Universal Oil Mining Company has levied an
assessment. No. 4, of per share, to become
delinquent January 23. ,
Mining Stocks.
SAN FRANCISCO STOCK EXCHANGE.
Following were the sales on the San Fran
ciscf Stock and Exchange Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
100 Caledonia ... 90| 200 Sa.vage 4S
BCO Con Imperial. 03 100 Sierra Nev .. 64.
300 Exchequer ... 19 100 Unfon Con .. 64
41 h> Mexican 1 25 200 Union Con .. &5
2€0 Ophir 2 45[ 600 Yellow Jacket 22
300 Overman- .'. . .\ 22r ¦
Afternoon- Session.
500 Anden 21; 200 Ophir 2 «0
ICO Best & Bclch.2 10} 300 Poto«l 24.
40O Caledonia ... 90' 1500 Potosl ...... 23
SO Caledonia ... 91 300 Savage »3
10O Challenge Cpn 24 2CO Savage 53
2i)0 Chollar 25 100 Seg Belcher. . OT
475 Con C & Va.1 3« 40O SUrer Hill .. «5
2C0O Con Imperial. C4; 10O Union Con .. «>
ICO Crown Point.. IS; 200 Union Con .. «1
SCO Gould & Cur. 40 "40O Utah 12
90A Mexican 1 45 100 Yellow Jacket 23
3CO Ophir 2 73 " '
PACIFIC STOCK EXCHAXGH
Following were the sales on the- Padfla
Stock Exchange yesterday:
Morning Session.
300 Andes 23! 50 Hale A Nora 00
1100 Belcher 23' 20O Justice tO
30O Caledonia ... 8»| 100 Mexican ...1 27V,
700 Chollar 24 j 100 Mexican ...132H
10O Con C & Va.l 20; 200 Ophlr 2 45
300 Con C & V.I 224 . 5™ Potosl 21
200 Con C & V.I 27*i: 200 Potosl 22
2C0 Con C & Va.l 25 500 Savage 60
100 Con C & Va.l 30 3fiO £eg Belcher.. 07
7W Crown Point. U 30O Sl-rra Nev .. BS
20O Crown Point. 19 .".00 Sierra Nev .. 59
500 Gould St Cur. 37 40O Union Con . . 87
300 Gould A Cur.' 36 70O Yellow Jacket 23
200 Gould & Cur. 3S 50O Yellow Jacket 22
200 Hale & Norc. J 62
Afternoon Session.
GAS AND EL-ECTKIC.
Cent L * P. 3»i 4 3FO&E.64 «5
Mutual K L. 7 '10 « F Gas L. :: l i Z%
Pac O Inn.. 54 54% Stkn G & E. 5 —
Pac I. Co... 55',i — U G & E.. — 3d
Sac E OAR. — —
TRUSTEES' CERTIFICATES.
S F G & E. 04 — I
» INSURANCE. ¦
Firem's Frrd32O 350 I
Bank stocks.
Am Xtl Bk.l2O XSO L P & A .. — 170
AngiorCal .> 85 »l Mer Trust ..210 2ir.lt*
Bank of Cal.444 447 Merch Ex .. — — "°
Cal Safe Dp. — 150 S F Natlonl. — —
First Natlonl — . —
; SAVINGS BANKS. '
Ger S A* I..22"5 — 1 Sar & L. So. — 105
Hum S & L. — — Sec Sav UH.40O SCO
• Mutual Sav.l0O°ll0 Union T Co. — —
S F Sav V.eai — I
STREET RAILROADS. ,
California ..10a — I Presidio S3 41
Geary — 8ft | .. •
POWDER.
Giant. 62 63 I VIgorit — 4%
SUGAR.
Kana P Co. — 73c Kilauta S C. — ft
Hawaiian C. 44 Vi 45 MakaweU C 23 —
Honokaa 3 C 12*i 13% Onomea SC- 31
Hutch SPCW — Paauhau S C 14 IS
NteCELtANEOUS.
Alaska PA. — 141 (Oceanic 3 C — 5*4
Cal F C A. O2M »4»i Pac Aux FJ? 4?* 5 V,
Cal Wine A. 31 02 |pac C Borx.167 167 *«
Morning Session.
' • Board —
15 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar. 44 35
ICO Hcnokaa . .*. 12 30
15 £ F G.uVfc Electric Co 61 50
$2.t\!0 Market-st R R con 5s bonds 113 0O
$-1.0i ¦« Spring Valley 6 per cent bonds. 106 0O
Street •
- 30 California st R R. b 3 200 00
t>7 Spring Valley Water Co 33 00
Afternoon Session.*
. Street—
235 Kcnokaa Co "'. 12 50
$2,000 Hawaiian Coml Jo 5 Co 5s MOD
?5,0C0 lite Elect Ry 5 i>er cent 107 23
California Stock and Oil Exchange
Oil Stock— Bid. Asked.
Alma ' 1 W
Apollo «?
Associated Trust Certificates. 13 19
Azte< 8O
California Standard -....,... .... 1O
Caribou- ."..... ISO 2 00
Central "Point Con 65 ....
Chicago Crude ••••
Cttremont »«•••• * 9 ••••
Eeperanza « ? .«.. 1 50 ....
Four /. 67 70
Fulton* i ?».. * 00
Giant -. --••
Hanford " 145 0ft
Home 1 12«4 1 1*
Imperial • •• •••-
Independence '..' • •• . I'
Junction w
Kern t 4 25 4 73
Kern River a. 12 CO
Lion .* *- 03
Monarch lof Arizona! 39
Monte Crlsto :.:....¦...- 65 '....
Occidental of W Va .% ¦ 15 17
Oil City Petroleiujfi 2* ....
Peerless 13 75
Pittsburg ••••
Reed Crude <ne«/) I 4 30 ....
S F & McKittrtek .... •
San Joaquin O & D ....
Senator •• . 62 ....
Sovereign '37 ••••.
SterW ~: • ¦'••jl
Superior ,.- C5 0T .
Thirty-three ••••
Toltec i 19 20
Twenty-eight ........ 4 UO
Weit Shore 3 00
Miscellaneous! —
Abby I,and & Imp 1 25 1 SO s
Alamefla Sujgkr o . . . . ..»-»
American Biscuit ; 75 00 ...5
American District Te* ' .... j
Cal • Gas & Electric Corp. . : . . .
California Cottfln Milfsn, .... 80 00 95 00
California Jockey Club •. . : . .
California Shipping Co ....
Cal Title Ins A Trust ....
Central Bank e.f Oakland ....
Chut?s Company • •••
Cypress Lawn Imp C° 6 50 •
Fischer 1 * Theater • 2 25
Gas Consumers' Assn •••«
Honolulu Sugar , «...
Northern Cal-. Power 8M ....
North Shore Railroad - ....
Orpheum Company 16 #I> .... °
Pacific States Tel & Tel ....
Parafflne Paint 35 CO ....
San Francisco . Dry. Dock., o... »-••
Sanitary Reduction Works.. 1 50 ...i
Sausalito Lund & Ferry ....
Spcrry FTour Company ». ..
Standard. Electric. .... • •*•
Tesla Coal Company 25 00 30 CO
Truck*-* Electric •"*o "**
Union Sugar .... ••••
United Gas & Electric •••¦
SALES.
Morning Session. -
Board —
lfirt Home 1 Wt^
SCO MonarcfT 3»
160 Monarch 33
Afternoon Session, o
Board — .
WOO Petroleum Center 03
5CO Sterling. b 90 2 75
100 Sterling 2 60
ICO Home 115
ICO Home 117*4
3000 Associated 13
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, oWEDNESDAY. DECEMBER 30, 1003.
15
SPECIAL NOTICES.
THE following children have been admitted to
the San Francisco Nursery for . Homeless
Children: Charles E. Fritz. 10 years; Axlnla
Krueger. 7 years, orphans; Michael' Negy. 2
years; Bertha E. Johonason. 11 years; Agnes
M. Johonaeon. 3 years: Dora Hertz. 8 years;
Gertrude Hertz. 7 years; Gustave Kuehne, 8
months, half orphans.
STUTTERING AND STAMMERING.
MELBOURNE School, Van Ness-Market^Cure
in every case; individual teaching; no medi-
cine-. Inquire into wonderful cures; homo "cure.
t ~~ DIVIDEND NOTICES.
DIVIDEND NOTICE — CALIFORNIA SAFE
DEPOSIT AND TRUST COMPANY, corner
California and Montgomery sts.. For the
ilx months ending December 31, 1003, divl-
tUnds liavu been declared on deposits in the
eavlngs department cf this company, as fol-
lows: On terra deposits at the rate of
8 0-10 per cent per annum, and on ordinary
deposits at the rate of 3 per cent per an-
um, free of taxes, and payable on and after
Saturday. January 2. 19t>i. Dividends un-
' called for are added to the principal after
January 1. 1004. J. DALZELL BROWN.
Manager.
OFFICE of tha Hibernla Savings and Loan
Society, corner Market, McAllister and Jones
- Bts. — San Francisco. December 2S, 11MJ3. — At
a rteular meeting of the board of directors
of this society, held thia day, a dividend has
been declared at the rate of throe and one-
fourth (3Vi) ocr cent per annum on all de-
posits for the six months 'ending December
. 31, 1903, free from all taxes and payable on
and after January 2, 1004.
ROBERT J. TOBIN. Secretary.
DIVIDEND NOTICE— Security Savings Bank,
222 Montgomery St.. Mills building — For the
half year ending December 31, 1903. dividends
upon all deposits at the rate of three and
one-quarter (3Vi) per cent per annum, free
• of taxes, will be payable on and after Janu-
ary 2, 1904.
FRED W. RAY, Secretary.
SAN FRANCISCO and Suburban Home Build-
ing Society. 5th floor. Mutual Savings Bank
building. 70S Market St.. opposite Third —
For the half-year ending 31st of December,
1803. a dividend has been declared at the
rate per annum of (12) twelve per cent on
capital stock and participating certificates^
tree of taxes, payable on and after SATUR-
DAY. January 2. 1904. JOSEPH A. LEON-
ARD. Manager. HUGH CRAIG. Secretary.
DIVIDEND NOTICE — SAN FRANCISCO
SAVINGS UNION. 532 California et.. corner
Webb. For the naif year ending with the 31st
of December l»03, a dividend has been de-
clared at the rate per annum of three and
one-half (3>4) per cent on term deposits
and' three (3) per cent on ordinary deposits,
free of taxes, payable on and after Saturday,
January 2. 1004. LOVELL WHITE. Cashier.
DIVIDEND-Notlce — Savings and Loan Society,
101 Montgomery St., corner Sutter. has de-
clared a dividend for the term ending Decem-
ber 31. 1003. at the rate of three and one-
quarter (3V4) per cent per annum on all de-
posits, free of taxes, and payable on a-nd af-
ter January 2, 1904.
(Signed) CYRUS W. CARMANY. Cashier.
DIVIDEND Notice — The German Savings and
Loan Society, 52(i California st. — For the half
year ending with December 31. 1903, a divi-
dend has been declared at the rate of three
and one-quarter (3ti)per cent per annum on
all deposits, free of taxes, payable on and af-
ter Saturday, January 2. 1904.
GEORGE TOURNY. Secretary.
DIVIDEND Notice — Mutual Savings Bank of
San Francisco. No. 710 Market street-+-For
the half-year ending December 31, 1903, a
dividend ha3 be?n declared at the rate of
three and twenty one-hundredths (".20) per
cont per annum on all deposits, free of taxes
payable on and after SATURDAY, January
2. l»04. GEORGE A. STORY. Cashier.
A DIVIDEND In liquidation of 8 per cent on
all deposits has been declared by the Cali-
fornia Savings and Loan Society, payable
on and after Saturday. Jan. 2. • 1004. at the
office of the society, Mills building, second
floor, room 28. San Francisco, Cal. CHAS.
P. FARQUHARSON. Secretary. .
FRENCH SAVINGS BANK— For the half year
ending December 31, 1003, a dividend has
been declared at the rate of three and one-
eighth (3i£) per cent per annum on deposits,
payable on or after Saturday, January 2,
1904. LEON BOCQUERAZ, Secretary.
THE Humboldt Pavings and Loan Society, 18
Geary St.. has declared a dividend of 3&
per cent per annum on deposits, free of
taxes, for the term ending December 31. lUOj.
payable on and after January- 2. 1004.
W K. PALMKR. Cashier.
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
- The following marriage licenses were issued
yesterday: • ¦• - •: . r ¦ ¦ ¦
Albert D. Pluffhoff, 21, 235 Turk street, and
Myrtle R. Smith, is, 288.S Folsom street.
Jacob Levy. 21, 415 Locust street, and' Ber-
tha Wallensteln, IS, 415 Locust street.
Robert J. Thompson, 31, 732 Putter strfet,
and Alice G. Smith. 23, .IIS614 Twenty-fourth.
Clarence O. Brethe-ner, 25, Seattle, Wash.,
and Grace A. Scheu, 25, 1314 Webster street.
William J. GilbSrt,' 3«, 4115 Twenty-fourth
street, and Margaret F. McCarthy, 32, 35A
Rausch street.
Bernhardt Resin, 24, 454tj Tehama street,
and Rose Hoffman, 20. 30 Mnss street.
Manuel E. Hrown."2«.. Clarksburg, and Claud
Fanning, 25, 1!)CO Hyde street.
Louis L. Ivancovich, .11, 28 Eighth street,
and Manuela. S. Pandoval. 22, 76K Vallejo st.
Scamon Levy, 25, lOtiSU Howard street, and
J»nnle Lipsltz, IS, 5« Crane street.
John E. Westoby, 25, 1002 Polk street, and
Abble M. McCler.don, 27, 124 Hawthorne st.
Clement X. Portal, 26, San Jose, and Ger-
trude C. Quilty. 2.'!, San Jcsa.
"William Jensen, 22. 413 O'Farrell street, and
Susie Evans, 22. 413 O'Farrell .street.
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATH^
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mail will not be inserted. They must be handed
In at either of the publication offices and be
Indorsed v/ith the name and residence of per-
sonn authorized to have the same published.
Notices restricted simply to thn announcement
of the event are published once in this column
free of charge. _
MARRIED.
MAASBERG— MOORE— In Indianapolis. Ind.,
Deour.her 17, 1903, by the Rev. J. H. Bal-
lard, Christian Maasberg and Elizabeth
Moore, both of San Francisco.
SOULE— CASEY— In this city, November 2,
1003, at. the Good Famarlten Mission, by the
Rev. J. P. Turner, Edward F. Soule and
Florence Ma'jde Cas?y.
DIED.
Balmer, Adolph Konstantino, An^ello
Barellles. Pierre ¦ McChetney, Eliza J.
BOWley. J'Jliet G. McCormick, Allen
Uray. Millie Magendie. Hlppclyte
Breu<rr, Rudolnh G. Martin, Henry. A.
Burke, Mary E.\ Mllkr, Grace
Carrick. Catherine Menlier, Abraham
Clark, Ellen ¦ Muldowne'y, Mary
'! Cleary, x L«c'e O Noy, Fred
Cronln. Michael J. Parker, Abn'.r
De Valln, -Win. H. Petelen. Mary
' Escalle. Mrr. Ellen ¦ Prlee, William
Fanning, MargHret Salles. Pierre
Gambitz, Regonie ; Soler, Annie
Goodwin. Benjamin Spooncer. Albert H.
Herring. Ethel M. Trant, Jcs?ph M.
Hoyt. Mary E t • Wulsh. William G.
Keating. Jowi-h Willlam3, Edward
Kenny, William , Zlnka. Anna
BALMER — In Alameda, December 2S, 1003,
Adolph Halmer. a native of Switzerland,
aged 36 years. A member of Helvetia Ve-
roin of San Francisco.
BAREILLES— In this, city, December 20, 190.'!,
Pierre Barelllei', beloved husband of Cath-
erine Barellles. father of Jacqties, Jean,
Loonle and Julie Bareillcs. brother of Jac-
ciu<s Barcl'.les. brother-in-law of John Bayle
and Marie Barelilex, uncle of ' Mrs. C. Ar-
tlgucK, Mrs. L. Lacaze, Miss Catherine
Bayle and Noe)!e. Marie, Anna, Pierre and
Veronique Bareilles. and cousin. of Mr. John
Lacc*te, a .native of France, aged 40 years
and 0 months.
CTFrlends antl acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
Friday, January 1, 1H04. at 1 o'clock, at his
late residence. Sixty-fifth avenue and Stock-
yard. Interment St. Mary's Cemetery, Oak-
'and.
BOWLEY— In this city, December 2S, 1903,
Juliet Grozicr, beloved wife of the late Jess?
D. Bowley, and mother of the late Captain
• F. S. liowley," a native of Massachusetts,
aged SO years. 5 months and 25 days.
P^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
to-day (Wednesday), at 0:30 o'clock, at the
mortuary chapel of the Golden Gate Under-
taking Company, 2475 Mission street, near
Twenty-first. Interment Mount Olivet Ceme-
tery.
BRAY — In East Oakland, December 27, l503.
HENRY -3. CALLACHER CO.
(Successors to Flannagan' & Gallagher.)
- DANIEL P. DONOVAN. M«r.' '
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS.
20 Fifth st., opposite Lincoln School.
Telephone South 80. ,
UNITED UNDERTAKERS.
Funeral" Directors and Embalmers -
.;.;'*• Formerly In Metropolitan Temple
Now at S6fi MISSION. Tel. South 167
Between Fourth and Fifth, near Fifth *Et
Finest Equipments at Moderate Rates.
James McGinn. Henry Hansen.
james mcginn & co..
Formerly With ¦ McGinn Bros.
*• Funeral Directors and Embalmers '
214 Eddy st.: Tel. South 576.
ROOMS FOH HOCSEKEEPIXG.
GEARY, 1C02— Nicely-furnlshcd sunny rooms,
en suite or single ; housekeeping privileges;
running water; gas; reasonable. |
JESSIE, 333— Very sunny bedrocm, furnished,
neat and clean; $7 month or $1 To week.
KNICKERBOCKER Apartments, 1340 J?lne St.,
near Hyde — fcu:my 3-room .furnished suites;
steam beat; electric lighted; free baths;
rates $M0 up.
GEARY, 4C8— Three nicely furnished sunny
I rooms; references.
j MODEL House, 1208 Stockton— Newly furnished
i rooms. $5-$12; gas, bath, phone.
' NATOMA, 284, near 4th — 2 furnished house-
ki-eping rooms; water; closets; rent ?0.
NINTH, 113—2 nicely furnished housekeeping
rooms ; water and bath; reasonable.
POLK. 1020. near Geary— Neatly furnished
. front housekeeping rooms; reasonable.
SOUTH PARK, 84— Large front room. light
housekeeping; gas stove.
A BRANCH office, for Call advertisements and
subscriptions, has been established at 10U0
Valencia ft
APARTMENT HOUSES.
MONTCLAIU APARTMENTS/ t
Corner. Pine and Taylor sts. -y beautiful new
modern apartments; all sunny corner suites;
furnieheci or ur.furnizhed; none superior; ma-
rtBe view. LYON St. HOAG. 116 Montgomery.
THE GABLES. ~
Cor. Clay and Larkin sts — Modern 3-4-S-room
up-to-date apartments; furnished or unfur-
nished; all latest conveniences; reservations
can be made on premises. 1 to 4; terms reas.
TO lease — Beautiful apartment house; Just
completed: SO rooms, baths, etc.; grand loca-
tion; costly finish; fine business iiroimsltion;
rent very 3 low. S5HAINWALD. BUCKBEE
& CO.. 218-220 Montgomery st.
ST. CECILE. ll. r . Fell St., above Van Ness— Tne
acme of perfection in modern, elegantly fur-
nished 3-room apartments; private baths,
Etoam he.it, clec. lights, elevator, gas ranges.
ST. LOUIS. 1575 Jackson ft.— Modern 3-4-5
rociriE, also single; furnished or unfurnished;
marine view; now open; references.
H ADDON HALLP
051 EDDY ST. REFERENCE3.
ROOMS TO^^LJETj-^orn^jnnd Unfnrn.
AURORA, corner Second and Folsom ets. — New
house, new furniture; every room outside;"
modern and sunny; prices from $1 50 per
week up; this Is the only up-to-date house in
this vicinity: flrst-class zrlll attached.
A — BRUNSWICK House. 148 Sixth St.— Rocmi
25c to 51 p<rr night. $1 25 to $5 per week and
light housekeeping rooms; open all nisht.
ABERDEEN, S-'iO Sutt?r— Just opened; hand-
romely fur.; cor. suites; bith; sun all day;
; fine view; single rrr.s.; tourists; excl. location.
ASH WORTH. 320 Mason St., bet. Geary and
Post — Suite and single rooms with or with-
out private bath; sun in rooms all day. -
AT "The Almonte." 873 Market st. (or No. 1
Fifth Et.)— Rooms. 25c, 5Cc. 51. $1 50 night;
%l 50 to $10 week; house open all night.
AT the Piernont, 450 Ellis— Newly furnished
mi.; elevator; hot & cold water; transient.
BURNETT. 1426 Market. (old No. 136-1)— Fur-
nlehed rooms, suite, single; also' unfurnished.
CLIFFORD, 204 Ellis, corner Mason — Elegantly
furnished sunny rooms; prices reasonable.
DOLORES. 204 i-i — Two front rooms, furnished
or unfurnished.
DU CATtr. 533 Post— Beautifully furnished
apartments; private baths: rtrietly first class.
EDDY. 210 — Elegant back parlor; suitable for
2 gents or man and wife; light houseketp'g.
EIGHTH. 10%— Furnished 'large sunny bay-
window front room.
ELLIS. 323 (Sovereign> — Newly furnished sun-
ny suites; also single; all modern conven-
iences; first-class; homelike; central; refs.
GRAND Southern, 7th and Mission — Rooms 50c
to $1 50 night: $1 to $3 we?k; reading-room.
HOTEL ST. PAUL, 463 Ellis— A well appolnt-
ed, thoroughly modern rooming-house; electric
elevator, baihs, steam heaters, hot and cold
water in every room. . *
LAGUNA and McAllister. St. James flat— Sun-
ny single room.
LARCHMONT, 3C1 Eutter — Sunny rooms; elec-
tric lights; elevator; central; transient.
LARKIN. Sinu — Large sunny front, room, gas
and bath; reasonable. l
MONTGOMERY. 131— Two nicely^ furnished,
large, runny suites, eame floor: rent $15 per
menth.
O'FARRELL. 739— Large, han 'some, eunny
furnished room; private; gas; 'bath; phone;
references. ,.
POWELL. 317 — Sunny front sult^ for doctor or
dentist; also other furnished i*joma>
ROYAL House, 126 Ellis — Incandescent lights,
reading-room, smoking-room aifi ladlee' par-
lor; rooms per night, 35c to $* 50; week, $2
to $8; month. fS to "$30; elevator on ground
floor; rooms with hot and cold::water; baths.
SUTTER, 236— The Crane— Elegantly furnished
rooms; downtown; suite or single; $10 up. .
SUTTER, €22 — Large sunny front room; hot
and cold water; private bath.
TAYLOR, 51SB — Hanlsome parlor; running wa-
. ter. closet, pas." bath; $10.
THE FREMONT, 1864 MARKET ST.— Strictly
flrst-claec elegantly furn. rooming hotel.
Tel. South 1J33. Capt. H. O. Ulberg. Prop.
TURK. 126 — Furnished sunny front room suit-
able for a centleman; $0 month: no sign.
UNITED STATES. 123 Eddy, near Market— 400
rcoms. 35c to $1 night, $1 75 to $<J week; elec-
tric lights (no gas), running water in every
room; elevator, read. -room; free bus: baggage.
VAN NESS, 519 — Handsome sunny furnished
suites and single rooms; all conveniences.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 3d St.. near Market—
Most convenient and respectable: 700 rooms;
. 860 to $1 50 night; $2 to $S week; elevator;
elec. lights; reading-room: free bus; baggage.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call Branch office, cor. Duncan it ChTirch sts.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the reception
cf advertisements and subscriptions has been
opened at 1008 Market St., opposite Fifth.
Open until 11 p. m.
ROOMS AXD DOARD.
A— " HOTETi"^BA*wflMORi£ £>
VAN NESS AVE.. NEAR GEARY ST.
AMERICAN PLAN.
PHONE PRIVATE EXCHANGE 706
SELECT FIRST-CLASS FAMILY. HOTEL.
HOT AND COLD OCEAN.. WATER.
SPECIAL RATES BY THE MONTH.
HUNGER & ZEBERG. PROPRIETORS.
A HOTEL HATTON~ —
SE. COR. PINE AND TAYLOR
Tills new and rustic constructed hotel Is sit-
uated In the city's ewellest quarter and will
be handsomely furnished throughout with ell
the very latest conveniences, is now open for
occupancy; reservations can now be made on
premises dally.
A THE DRESDEN
SELECT FAMILY BOARDING-HOUSE. 1442
FULTON. BET. BRODERICK AND BAKER.
CALIFORNIA. 1246— Most select location in
• modern, elegantly furnished private home;
table unsurpassed; marine view.
HOTEL MARTINET, Geary Et. and. Van Ness
. ave., has changed hands; hereafter conducted
_flr*t-class family hotel; table-board specialty.
NEWPORT, 1018 Pine, near Taylor — Largo sun-
ny room; also single room; excellent table.
Bteveneon mansion. SO" California — Fine rooms;
new chefs; colored service; table specialty.
THE NIRA, 015 Taylor— Nicely furnished, sun-
ny-suites ; alto single; excellent table.
O'FARRELL. . 30S — Furnished rooms; home
cooking: German family: $8 per week.
AND BOARD WANTED.
WOMAN fishes good home with room and
board to -assist in little housework. 1722
Market at., bet. 12 and 2 p. m.
SiiWrNG MACHINES "AND SUPPLIES
GIVE her "A White" for New Years ani she
will 6ew right all the year. Hav? you seen
cur latest White Sewing Machine? Auto-
matic lift, chainstitch. lockstitch and hem-
stitch combination; we rent or sell on easy
payments; we want sewing machine men;
come and have a talk with us: phone Black
1KW. 300 Post st.; 1841 Flllmore st. and 7CS
Valencia st.. S. F., or phone Brush 551. 470
Thirteenth st.. Oakland. WHITE SEWING
MACHINE COMPANY. '
SEWING machines— Second hand, $3, ?5, $8;
slightly used. $10. $15. $20; rents at cut rates.
New Home Sewing Machine Co., 1051 Market.
.~>^jE?J!H}™!!E. er j? Alvu _£5L PPLIES !i_
AN exceptionally good No. 2 ReontegtoaTVoTi
.Emith Premier. $25; other typewriter* at
hleher and low»r prices: rentals $2 50. The
Typewriter Exchange. 536 California Et.
A FEW good typewriters at $30 each; get par-
ticulars of L. & M. ALEXANDER. 110 Mont-
ccrncry st. :
2r i;? AND sold, rented, repaired.
Webster Typewriter lasnec. Co., 608 Market.
Millie, beloved wife of George Bray, mother
of Jennie Bray, daughter of George anil
Jennie Wheeler, and sister of Annie Wheeler
a native of East Oakland, aeed 10 years 8
months Rnd 13 days. . • -
CTFriend8 and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
Wednesday; December 30, 1903. at 2 o'clock,
at the family residence, 1028 East Twenty-
first street.- Interment Mountain View
Cemetery.
BREUER— In this city. December 20, 1003,
Rudolph G. Breuer, beloved brother of Mrs.
M. Ot-verndlek, a native of Germany, aged
•11 years 10 months and 20 days.
BURKE— In this city, December 29. 1903.
Mary E.. beloved wife of \\ llllam .Burke, a
native of Manchester. N. H.
CARRICK— In this city. December 29, 1SKW.
at her residence. 300 Seventh avenue cor-
ner of Clement street. Catherine relict .of
Thomas F. Carrlck, dearly Gloved mother
of William E. Ahern, and K r ? r - dm f ot ,$« 1 L?J
Willie and Kittle Ahern, a native of County
Corh, Ireland.
|E7"Notlce of funeral hereafter.
CLARK— In this city. December 28. 1003.
. Ellen, wife of the late Andrew Clark, and
sister of the late Mary Murray of ° a Mand.
a native of County Cavan, Ireland, ased »0
5C C7The funeral will take place to-morrow
(Thursday), at 8:30 o'clock, from her late
residence, 2SS3 Twrnty-socond street, thence
to St. Peter's Church, where a solemn re-
quiem high mass will be celebrated .or the
• repose vt *-.'.r Roul at 9 o'clock. Interment
Hoiy Cress Cemetery.
CLEAKY— In this city, December 28, 100S,
Lucie Cecelia, beloved daughter of Thomas J.
and the iatu Ann deary, a native o( San
Francleco.
ICTFriencis and acquaintances are rerpecl-
fully ln% - ited to attend the funeral Wednes-
day, December 30, at » o'clock, from her
Jaie residence. No. 710 Octavia street, thence
to Sacred Heart, Church, FUlmore and Fell
streets where a requiem high nifasrs will be
celebrated for the reixise of her soul, com-
meneinc at 0:30 o'clock. Intemiont private.
CRONIN — In this cltv, December 2'.t, 1M3.
Michael J., beloved husband of Annie Cro-
nin, son of Rose and the late Cornelius Cro-
. nin, and brother of John C, Corneliu3. Rose,
William J. and -Nellie Cronln, a native of
San Francisco, aged 34 years 0 months and
14 days.
(E7"The funeral will take place to-morrow
(Thursday), at J2:30 o'clock, from the par-
lors of the H^nry J. Gallagher Undertaking
Company. 20 Fifth street, thence to St. Jo-
seph's Church for services. Interment pri-
vate.
DE VALIN— In Las Gallinas, December 28,
19(XJ, William H., beloved father of Nellie
and George de Valln, a native of Baltimore,
Md., aged 7i) years 4 months and 27 days.
(Baltimore, Md., papers please copy.)
EJ^Friendi' and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
Wednesday, December 30, at 2 o'clock, at
St. Paul's Episcopal Church, corner of Fourth
and E Kireets. San Rafael. Interment pri-
vate. Mount Tamalpais Cemetery.
ESCALLE — Irs Escalle, near Larkspur, Decem-
ber 2t>, ISM):;, Mrs. Ellen Escalle, beloved wife
of Jean Escalle, a native of Chappamore,
County Limerick, Ireland, aged tJ3 years and
4 days. • '
It?" Friend"? and ncquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Thursday.
December 31, at 10 o'clock, Trom her late
residence in Escalle, thence to St. Raphael's
Church, San Rafael; where a solemn re-
quiem high mass will be celebrated for the
repose of her soul, commencing at 11 o'clock.
Interment Mount Olivet ¦ Cemetery.
FANNING — In this city, December 2S, 1003.
Margaret, beloved wife of John F.-innlng,
and mother of the late Thomas, Johnny and
Mamie Fanning, a native .of County Clare,
Ireland, aced 5$ years.
(CTThe funeral will take place to-day
(Wednesday), at 0 o'clock, from her l&tj
residence. NW. corner of Green nnd Mason
streets, thence to St. Francis Church, where
a solemn requiem mass will -I* celebrated
for the repose of her soul, commencing at
9:30 o'clock. Interment Hoiy Cross Ceme-
tery. . .
GAMBITZ— In this city. December 27, 19'C.
Rcgenie, beloved wife of the late Kady Gani-
bltz. ar.d beloved mother of Albeit K., Mil-
ton R., Dr. Lee R. t Natalie, Lillian, UlnUe
and Faith Gambltz, a native of oelmu;. Ala.,
aged 50 years 3 months and 3 days.
(L^T Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Wednesday), at .10 o'clock, from "ler late
residence, 1465 Oak street, . between Lycn
street and "Central avenua. Interment Home of
Peace Cemetery, via 11:30 a. m. atUn from
Third and Townsend streets.
GOODWIN— In this city, December 20. 1003,
Benjamin F., beloved husband of Augusta
Goodwin, a native of New Hampshire, aged
t>4 yrars 3 months and 4 days.
(CTTrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 10:30 o'clock, from the par-
lors of Halated. & Co.. 916 Mission -street.
Interment private.
HERRING— In. thia. cjty, December 20, ,100-%
Ethel May Herring, dearly belovefl daughter
of William, and Maud Herring, and grand-
' .laughter of Bertha and the late Emil Reuh-
leln, a native of San Francisco, aged 1 year
2 mentns and 12 days. ¦
(ET^ Friends and ncquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morr-iw
(Thursday), at 1 o'clock, from the residence
of her parents. 2825 Twenty-fourth street,
between Bryant avenue and York street. ;
HOYT— In Fruitvale, December 29, 1003, Mary
E., beloved wife of George E. Hoyt.. a na-
tive of San Francisco, aged 43 years.
; E7 Friends, and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the tuneral services
Thursday, December 31, ll»a>, at 2 o'clock, at
th» funeral parlors of Bessie J. Wood &
Co., 11S8 Twenty-third avenue. Crematlpn
private.
JONES— In this city, Decembsr 29. 1003, Rich-
ard M. Jones, a native of California, aged
40 years and 27 days.
KEATING— In this city, December 27, 1C03.
Joseph Keating, dearly beloved ¦*on of Mrs.
J. J. Keating, and beloved brother cf Jane
and Nora Keating, a native of New" Or-
leans. La., aged 27 years.
ETTrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully lnvitfd to attend the funeral to-day
(Wednesday), at 0 o'clock, from the mortuary
chapel of J. S. Godeau. 305 Montgomery
avenue, thence to St. Mary's Church, corner
of California and Dupont streets, where j.
. mass will be celebrated for the repose of
his soul, commencing- at 9:30 o'clock. In-
terment Holy Crops Cemetery.
CHIEFS and members of Ahwaehte Tribe No.
89, I. O. R. M.— You are hereby notified to
attend the funeral of our late brother. J. J.
Keating, on Wednesday, at 8:30- o'clock
sharp,- from the mortuary chapel of Brother
J. S. Godeau. 305 Montgomery avenue. Fines
for non-atter.dance.
THOMAS McKEE, Sachem:
KENNY— In this city, December 2!>. 1903, at
the parents' resilience. 1;ISS San Bruno ave-
nue, William, dearly beloved son of Joho M.
and Mary Kenny, and brother of John P.,
Philip T. and Abble R. Kenny, a native of
San Francisco, aged 3 years ar.d 3 days.
KONSTANTINO— In this city, , December 29,
19C3, Ansello Konstantino,. late of Vallejo,
Cal.. a native of Greece, aged 55 years.
McCKESNEY— In Oakland. December 29,
1003, at 840 Thirty-second street, Eliza J..
beloved wife of H. N. MeChecney. and
mother of E. F., H. M.. R. N., A. B. and
. J. A. McChesnoy, a native of New York,
aged (K! years 8 months and 20 days.
McCORMICK— In this city. December 29, 1003.
Allen McCormick, a native of Prince Ed-
ward Island, aged 77 years. ¦
tGTKriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-mor-
row, at 11 o'clock, from the nariors of
Mcnahan, O'Hara & Co., 2339 and 2311 Mis-
sion street. n»ar Nineteenth. Interment
V Holy Cross Cem^rry.
MAGENDIE— In this city. December 2S. 1903,
Hippolyte J. B.. beloved son of II. A. Ma-
gendie, and brother of Charles M. Magendie.
a native of San Francisco, aged 20 years 5
months and 9 days. . ,
C7"Frltnds and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 10 o'clock, from the family
resilience, . €00 Union avenue.. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery, by carriage. ¦ •
MARTIN— In this city. December 28. 1303,
Henry A., beloved husband of Mary A. Mar-
tin, and father of Lillian Schroeder and
Henry A. Martin' Jr., a native of Pennsyl-
.. yania. aged G3 years..
MILLER— In this city. December 20. llKW.
Grace, infant • daughter, of J. R. and Ella
Miller, a native of Los Angeles, axed 3
years 4. months and 8 days.
MOSHER— In this city, December 20, 1003.
Abraham Mosher. a native of New York,
aged ,"f> years a months and 20. days. ; .
MULDOWNEY— In this city, December 29,
1903. Mary, beroved wife of Thoma3 llul-
downey, mother' of William J. and Robert
E. Muldowney, daughter of Mrs. Johanna
and the late James Daley, "and sister of
James T. and the late William L. Daley, a
native of San Francisco, aeed 29 years 8
months . and 8 days.
E7Fnends and acquaintances are respect-
. fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at S.'M o'clock, from the par-
lora of the Henry J. Gallagher Undertaking
' Company, 20 Fifth street, thence to St. Koni-
faee'B Church, where a solemn requiem mass
will be celebrated for the repose of her soul,
. commencing at u o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
NOY — In Alameda, December 28. 1903. Fred
Noy, son cf William H.- Noy, and brother of
Richard H.. Bernard and Lav in la Noy and
the late Mrs. Julia McNear, a native of
Alameda, aged 21 year?. • • -
(TJ7Fi'ieneis - and acquaintances are reapect-
- fully Invited to attend the funeral .Wednes-
day, Deccn-.ber 30."- at 1 o'clock, from his
nr.AL K'TATK CITV FOlt SALE.
' 63S MARKET ST.
'HSTAni-ISHED 1875.
1 A FEW BARGAINS IN REAL ESTATE.
$30,0(.'0 — riusincis corner south of Market St.:
stores and flats: present rents very low
Kt S2i:t per month; 3 (> foot frontage.
$22,500 — Hush ft.. 60x120 feet through to rear
c ttreet; near Polk St.; a rejnarkablo site
lor a Fft.all apartment-house; improve-
ments on lot at present.
$17,230— Renta $1'JU2 per annum; 9 flats in
Br*t-ela.t£ condition; always rented; well
«iHi»jte(i «outh of Market Rt.
$l«*,5yo — Ijeavrnworth ft.. JV ar Pine; 10 foot,
front, through to rear street; substan-
tial improvements; :* flat!" and 1 lo-room
residence; rented for $125 per V-month ;
can you beat this?
$lfi,r>00— Rentu $140 per month; Park Panhan-
dle flats; positively new; 0-7-7 rooms;
built on ™.i foot lot.
$12.0(10— Devlsadcroxst. business property; store
and 2 beautiful flats; rented perma-
nently.
?5.00o — T'hnTna ct. : rents $45 per month; 2
flats. 5 and 6 rooms and bath; a safe
investment with a big future.
$4,750 — Xatoma st.; rents $4" 5o per month;
4 fiat*.
$r>,0GO— Rtsi'lence on Second ave.. near Lake
St.; 9 rooms and cath; reduced on ac-
count of heavy mortgage of $3000; this
Is a delightful place to live.
?3,40O — Lexington Rve.. near Twenti'th St.;
kfy lot with beautiful dwelling thtrerin;
8 rooms and bath; rrnt $30; this Is a
delightful part, of the Mission. .
$3,200 —^5inna-s:t. flat.-; rents $.':2 50 per
month; excellent opportunity for a good
bargain.
•2.800 — Cottage In Western Addition; lot
alone worth money asked; this is a
r-o?itive sacrifice.
EASIOX, EJLDRIDGE & CO..
63.S Market st. ;
HEADQUAUTERS FOR PARK LOTS.
?50O TO ?12C0; VERY EASY. TERMS.
Wtiy Ao so many buy our Oceanelde lots?
. Because no otherF there compare with them.
They have u^ol'Ftruetfd ocean and ytark view.
They are on "OfiiclRl Grade"; ready for
building.
Every lot is a bargain. See them to-day.
Get off cars cor. 47th ave.* and H st.
?C0 to f2r-0; near park and ocean; ?5 monthly.
"Oe*anside" branch office, cor. 48th ave. and
K st. Open Sundays and holidays.
$.VX> to S10OO — Unexcelled Sunset district lots;
traded and eewered; $10 monthly.
Sunset branch office on 9th ave., near H st.
$160 TO $350; DON'T MIPS THIS.
New lots in Uw Excelsior Homestead.
Perfectly Kvel; choicest location of all.
Near Mission-Et. cars. $5 monthly.
$1200 to $3f.00; modern cottages and houses
in Sunset. Richmond, Oceanslde and Excel-
¦ior Homertead.
ALL BARGAINS; EASY TERMS.
SOL. GETZ i- SON. Owners and Dealers.
Room i4, 4th floor. Chronicle bldg.
TWO BRAND NEW COTTAGES. -—•—
F«ve rcxima and bath each.
In the test part of the Mission.
Half a bfc*'k from the cars.
Can be tough t
On easy monthly payments.
OSCAR HEYMAN. 14 Post et.
CALIFORNIA House Wrecking Co. pays the
highest price for buildings and will wnjck
the largest 'building completely within 10
days. Northwest corner Mission and Tenth
sts., efflce an* yard.
CHEAP lot on 9th ave.. 3 blocks from Park;
rnust be Eold; make offer; no agents. Call
2119 Point Lobos ave.
Bl'lLD on your unimproved realty: we loan
full co«t improv. and part lot at 0 per cent
MANHATTAN LOAN CO.. Crocker building.
LOTS, N or S side cf Golden Gate Park, pur-
chased by W. J. GUNN. .530 California st.
•CHIMNEY trx>«' set ur>, roofs repaired by
Ahlbaeh &-• Mayer, plumbers. K30 Howard Ft.
rOI\T niCHMOXD REAL ESTATHfc
WATER frcnt lot» and bargains; all tracts;
maps, photos, etc. BELL. 417 P«rrott bldg.
4 LOTS cheap for cash. 328 Bush St., room
4. third fl'jcr. , . ....
REAL ESTATE Country — For Sale.
71S ACPES near Mayneld. 11 miles from San
Joee: 100 acres full bearing prunes; larga
vineyard; all good land; water piped every-
where; immense concrete reservoirs; fine
houses, stab!es, barns, etc.; fenced In S fields;
cost $160,000; price $50,000. THORNE &
KILPATRICK, 312 Bush St., San Francisco.
45 ACRES or the bfst vine land in Sara Val-
ley, opposite railroad station; good 2-story
B-room house. 2 large barns and stables,
windmill, la^je tank and cooperage, wagons,
bupgy. horses, cows, etc; tt> settle estate.
Box 282H. Call office.
$3500—12 ACRES full bearing orchard, 6-room
house, fruit dryer, barn, C chicken houses. 2
brooder houfces. Incubator house with 2 large
incubators: 3 miles from town. GEORGE C.
YOUNG, Petaluma.
ALFALFA lands, stock rapches. orchards,
vineyards: inspected bargains; monthly cata-
logues sent free. C. M. WOOSTER CO., C4S
Market st. -.
IlEAL ESTATE TO EXCHAXCE.
A VERY valuable tract of timber and coal land
in Kentucky to exchange for a rooming or
ar>artment house or other California proper-
ty: any amount up to $l">.0<»0. R. S. MOSS-
MAN. room 411, Examiner building.
BERKELEY ADVERT'S'M'NTS
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
ALMOST new 2-story house; up tov date in
• every respect: tinted walls: combination fix-
tures; lot 00x155; all fenced an* crcus-
fenoed; chicken house; str<et work done; 2
blocks to station, both routes electric cars,
stores, schoo!, churrh; price ' $2300; terms.
?2.V> cash, balance $29 per month; this prop-
erty will rent for $20 a month; owner going
to leave the S?tate. O. A. RULtOLPH,
Open Sundays. Lorln Station.
LOOK at this and stop paying rent — N*w
houpe. 5 moms. bath, pantry, pretty wooden
mantel, folding doors, tiled sink large clos-
ets, patent toilet, stationary tubs. bricK
foundation, high basement city water: large
lot; ail Unc?4; price $i80y' : terms. $150 cash
balance $18 per month. Open Sundays
O A. RUDOLPH. Lot-In Station.
BOOMS TO LET.
THREE large, sunny rooms, two connecting
bath: board If desired. MRS. BOLAND. 2218
Union st.. (Berkeley.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE, 1118 BEOADWAy!
OAKLAKD ROOMS TO LET.
MONTANA House, 320 Eighth st.: sunny
rtiitt-n »n-1 ringle rooms fcr housekeeping
OAK LAX U IT' RM T URE KOK t SALE.
TO-MORROW the day for bargains liTTurnn
ture. H. Srhelihaas. 11th st..cor.store.Oaklani.
PHYSICIANS AKP SCRGEOXjT
DR. C. C. CDONNELJC-Orfice and residence!
1C21% Market «.. bet. Cth and 7th; particu-
lar attention paid to diseases of women.
DR. M. MATSUDA hss returned from Orient
Now at 8E. corner Geary and Taylor sts.
ELCOD. rkin and rectal diseases a specialty
PR. BALL. 10T3H Market st. ¦
REMOVED— I>R. WONG HIM. herb doctor,
treats all diseases of the human body; for
P*st fcur years at 11.V117 Mason; now lo-
cated at *C7 Geary «t., near Leavenworth.
DR. TONG PO CHY, successor to Dr. L! Pa
Tei. herb doctor, cures all di»ea»*s cf human
by use of herb3 and teas. 727 Washington Bt.
WONG WOO. the famous herb doctor — All dls-
*n*es cured by Chinese herbs. 746-8 Clay at.
STOnACE AK^ WAREHODSES,.
A— EMPORIUM Storase & Van Co.; furniture^
household aoois stored, moved, chipped. 725-
TJl Howard St.. nr. Third; phone Grant 161.
PIERCE-ROI>OL1'H Storage & Moving Co., of-
fice Post and Powell ats. ; tel. Prive. Ex. 571.
CONKLIN'S storage — Furniture and merchan-
dise. U33 .Gclden Gate ave. : phone East SM.'
GOLDEN Wr«t Etcface: advances rcade: 810
Mlrslon «t.; tel.. Howard 041. F. W. Zehfuss.
PACIIvIC Ftorege and Kurnitufe Moving Com-
parry. 2220 FUlmore it.; pbone Jackson 231.
CKK1NS Van and Storaxe Co.. 11 Montgomery
tt. ; ttl. "Main 1S10. Shir;«ng at cu*- rates.
nOXEVTO LOAS.
J 'AAA— -HERMAN MTRrHY.
C01-C02-«i:: Examiner building.
¦ Quick f,c:t!rr.;T.'.:-: r-" d'sarpoint:ncr.t.
Save espescea i;y dealing directly.
Enates: second :;.n!Ktre?. undivided lnter-
?M*. iissipTrr.iT.'f •* sx-nte. property Jn trust
etc.; Iceseiec. I' 1 * wtaus and undivided in-
ueresta ;' property purchased.
Courteous twr-er.!. Strittly confidential.
\Vi:rn Yea "feed Money
Pfe HERMAN MURPHY.
ANY .-'!¦¦ i-i " nomy quickly!!'.
On your t'--' ttur* and picno without removal,
. nr liny rth-r cood - twtirity; Tairot r»(cs;
»-tr!i>' •' "'rift iential: ro commission; private
, ;ar.v i:<-'ii «.S. Donchoe buUiing. 1I7O
. -Market «t.
iiONEV i-ianed to" 8altiried peer!*", retail tper-
chaBtn, teamsters. bp,'-rding-hc'jsps. without
securer: <:i6 y payments; lar'ges-t business in
• 4S rr.iicipal cities. Tcirruin. 5M Parrott bids.
OTGHLT retpi-ctsble private place to obtain
111m -•• advances on dunncnds, Jewelry, at
'- per "»>nt lnterert. UaMwiiT Jewelry Store.
. Mr: Market; ttl. ifciir. 1S44. Uranch. 19 Third.
%TJ i '."xLY CONFIDENTIAL LOANS on fur-
r.l. ..re. rrtarics, or to salaried people on their
: a : rro;w treatment guaranteed. ILLINOIS
TRUST CG_t r' lfi. Phclan tld.. lei. Main 704.
A — 1 per cent on furniture or tiano; no remov-
al, no con-.miFSion. no publicity: $25 up; quick.
. private, cor.Iidentia!._ 20 Montgomery, rm. 7.
~ _
MOC'CIPAI LOAN OFFICE. 303 Grant ave..
LOANS FROM $1 TO $10.0001
MONET tr> loan en low JntercEt; gold, silver,
diamond*-, pearls «ad precious ctcries I*. ugh!
at W. J. IlEfc-THAL'S. 10 Sixth st.
iCE'W *a?y method- -To A-age-earner* on unin-
dorsod notes; ttvjclute privacy. T"idelity Loan
Company, riinms 4S-49. Chronicle bldg.
TO salaried people with<.-»'_ security; on furni-
ture; indorsed notes and other socurity. 8. F.
Discount Apt-ncy. 14S Phelan building.
AT lowest rat< -s on furniture and pianos; Ftrlct
privary; no commission ;inita!In:ents accepted.
BONELLI. 801 Eddy, Conservatory building.
OPEN (£mb£1V A_"«'n. loans on salaries confldon-
t:ally;'^iev»,«:3iple plan. Room 50. 619 Market.
ALL loans en diamonds and 3*>we'.rv 2 per cent
F. Collateral Loan Bank."5iS Kearny.
3% ON rurniture & Pianos; $15 up: no removal";
no com. V. TR>: J AIN. roora 81. 6 Eddy st.
1 PER (Cent on furniture or piano. 1003 Mu-
tual Savings Dank bldg.. 7CS Market st.
STAR T,*in Co. cf Wyoming loans menry to
nUarie,. employes. R. 311. Mutual Sav. Uk. bid.
CASH s;=.!sriod people p n notes without
3r-<io; KOr.ELL, 60J Eiaminer building.
CH ~ EAI ' EST and be * 1 in America— The 'Weekly
Call. i« pages, sent t> cy address in the
< nlted States cr Cante 'i one year for SI,
r^tagq paid.
Ml'SICAL IXSTRfMEVTS.
WE rent the tf5t piano in the city for $3 per
. month; we allow six months' rental and
carafe <$20) en pi has* price, thus giving
ye «. six months' tnsJ cf the instrument for
r.othiiis; cur terms and prices cannot be
«-c.u«>'l In Fan Francisco.
ECOTT-CVRTAZ ni »w CO.. M0-<M Hayes et.
XT" ha«» a rew real bargains >ft from our
».<"cat holiday sale. New and us»-d pianos at
exeeedinrly low prict-s. Bthr Brothers and
Baumeister are our leaders. Easy payments
*€ y-u wart. The ZEXO MAUVAIS MUSIC
VOMPANV. 763 Market st.
> A FINF Jot of eecond-hand uprights from $50
up. ln-Jufling fuch makes as Chickerlng. Vos»,
Kroeger. Curtaz. Klrkham, Pease, Hardman
Marthall & Wendell. Baui and othera. tlENJ.
ClTtTAZ & SON. 16 OFarreli «t. No
branches la San Francisco.
PI ANOs>- vested $2 up; installments, $4 up;
l*nr*t Kfeotealfl and re»*il piano house of
Ih* VO*t; write or cell for our extensive bar-
tra:-- !irt. HEINE PIANO CO - 235-237 Gcar>'.
fCS — UPRI'JHT piano; Steck mRhcgany; n«*arly"
new. HORNUNG BROS.. 216 McAllister gt.
ALMOST new apright; cheap; cash or install-
rr.ent. SCHMITZ & CO.. 16 McAllister st.
EEAI'TIFfL 3-p»dal Steinway upright piano;
order; eacrtflce. Keeff#'«.2S5 O'Farrell. ,
6OHMER. Byron Mauzy pianos. Cecilian piano
S'.Hjer. BYRON MAUZT. 308-312 Poet St.
A FISCHER upright Qiano for eal^; good as
new: tltt ir:t7 Geary st.
6UPERIOR \1o:ir»F. zithers, old and new. IL
Mi'LLEf!. Tigk^r. repairer. 2 Latham place.
E LIL.AyEO CS W.1.VTS. "
EOOKS tr.<3 libraries bought. H. C. HOLMES,
1HS Market «t.; phone Jessie 374.1. or postal.
I PAY hirb»Et prices fcr all kinds of cast-off.
rJcthing: ?*nd noEtal. MORRIS. S70 Folsom.
TILT ON wants good «>e<x>cd-har.a clothing and
ti. <=t-ir*l e-o.i s iza Gth et. : tel Jes»t« 2S51.
OFFICES AXD STORES TO LfcT.
TWO large stores and finished basement*; •!de-
w!k elevaicrs; VaJtncia, .**-.. near Seven-
teenth.i Fur further particuars appy to G.
H. VJSLiSES & CO.. 20 Montgomery «t.
FTORE ar.J 2 rooms; I-arkin 5t., near Geary;
vacant on Jpnuery IS; rents $CW. ITifBSEN
& CO. or POEHLMAS',. 304 »t*jtgom»-ry ft.
NJCE fine office io let; also fine front desk
w^i- <'a!i at <?.»> California ft., room 21.
PERSONALS.
EAKOX'6 CLOAK AND SUIT HOUSE.
Young ladies Eleadily employed can have
Baron's cloaks, suits, furs and tailor-made
cuits to oiCer; on weekly or monthly pay-
ments plan, at regular marked prices. Con-
v'.nce your*eir by calling ©•» BARON. 763
Market ti.
©
THE Star Hsir Remedy restores gray hair, im-
proves li« growth. Etcr» falling, cures dandruil
and -.-¦..: y .-••¦:¦. no stain or Eticklness;
cleanfes sca!p: at druggists', hairdresser*; ac-
cept no eubftltute. Star Remedy Co.. 1338 Polk.
GliAW ATKH of New York School of M**sage.
Osteopathy, vapor and electric baths: face
vibrating machine for rhe>*^natlsm; genuine
tufrr. hot and c-^ld water: wained nurf.s as
atte.idantF. Prof, and Mrs. M.orriR. 4'*i Geary.
LADIES' perfection aeamlesa rubher glovee
krep the hands Rmocth, soft and white while
«5o!r.g housework; postpaid $1 25; send size or
kid worn. Perfection Rut t r Co., box E7.
Lima, Ohio.
A— COME and let cur doctor* gir» you free
"examination and advice; you pay for th«
mc-dicine only ar.4 at the lowest prices. LJON
PHARMACY. ltOO UlFEJcn et.. cor. Jlth.
?.'OT how cheap but how eco<J is the motto of
the manufacturers of ihi. Rapid Rotary
Ftardard. the sewing-machine of to-day. J.
W. EVANS, agent. 1021 Market st.
A NEW idea In jewelry and Central Americas
curioe, lrdlr.T! curtains, draperies, shawls.
*tc; the only store in the city that carries
tfcie. FROWISS 4 SON, 1230 Polk. nr. Gutter
niYKIClAN. 15 years* experiertce. cores per-
manently morphine, cocaine habit. Call or
•Idress Central Pharmacy. 251 Grant ave..
ccrctr Butter. «t.; tee moderate.
INTLAMMATORY- rheomatlfm and gout cured
within thre* days*; guaranteed. Call or ad-
• tlrt-FS 113J* Foltum et., San Francisco; tei.
W Kolsora »fl».
DHUNKENNESS. mrrphir.e end all drugs fils-
?"jiees positively cured by Willow Bark Co..
1S39 Polk 6t.; consulutlon free; call or write.
LIQUOR hafcit cured in 2 days cr no charges;
etiaranterd." Acme Liquor Cure C«.. 997 Mar-
icet «t.. roora 203; phene South 75L
AT Jers then cctt, uncalled fcr suite, overcoat*.
and trousers at CHARLES LYON3'. London
Tp.i!or. 72! Market ft.
ELEGAKT sulti 1 on eafy Irtfta'-lnjents; 50 cent*
and CP P?r vreck. LEON LEMOS. 1127 Mar-
ket rt.. betwern Seventh and Eighth.
DANCIXG Tucfisy. Thursday, Faturday. Sun-
day evgs.. Teuttmia Hall. Hoxard St.. nr.
Otb; l*rof. Foster; society, dancing taught.
RHEt'MATIFM— Mat. t:!!??: wonderful relief at
tirrt ml'Kne. Hox 27K», CEliJDffice. .
VjAFSKUPE wi*be« ensracctnents wtta ladies
only. Phone Capp CTW.
Eon Marche P«ints Co.; rpe^!al *5 pants to ©r-
Cer. Rooms 14 * 10. 40 Kills. Tel Pro mm 4*.
WASQL'SnADE cottvmes. play book*, wigs;
. country crders. GOLDSTEIN & CO.. 73^ Mkt.
SUITS to cr<3er ca installmtuts. $1 per -week.
Neubsus & Co.. mcrch.talion'. 727-72^ Market.
St'PERKLTJOUS h2lr &. moles removed by elec-
tric noddle. Dr. & Mr*. Traverse. 1170 Market.
TAILOR-MADE *uit $7 &0: dress pants $2 Z0.
Mieiit Ciothirg Pa.-lcr. cor. Buth and Djpont.
/I FiSuirMS EXTpUaA Henna restores gray
' hair to its natural color: II; at all druggists'.
A BRANCH offlc^TcT The Call fcr the reception
cf a<Jvtrt>cm*r.l3 «nd subscriptions has b-en
opened a* ' f <* Market «t.. opposite Fifth.
Open until 11 P. rn.
HALMisrrvY. [
IhfMr nF^'A" nclrnUflc palmist and as:rc'.o-
We^v tSsn^ndim* fl: :{ &**&*» by ex-
prc: 's. f i : open Tu«-sc!ay eve, also, 't^i Pest rt.
WMK NEERGAARD'S clasn In palmistry be-
rms J)ec. :. K r m. 242 Pott St.; term* SiO.
H JEroME FOSICLL1. edW.inc pslmlst 515
T«J lor ft., near Geary. Phone Black 661. 1
- CCTFrieruls and ncquaintances are respect-
fully Invited, jto attend the funeral services
Thursday. December .11, 1903, at H> o'clock
at the mortuary chapel of the Golden Gate
Lndei-Uklng Company. 2475 Mission strfet
near Twenty-first. Interment I O O F"
Cemetery. Kindly omit flowera
(TTFrienrts ar.d acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Wednesday), at 9:30 o'clock, from . his late
j residence. 1714 Folsom street, thence to St
Charles Borromeo's Church for services, coml
mencing at 10 o'clock. Holy Cross
Cemetery.
ZINKA— In this city. December 29, 1903.
Anna, beloved wife of Charley Zinka. a. na-
tive of Blngtn-on-Rhine, Germany, aged 70
year?.
ITTFrienOs and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Thursday,
at 2 o'clock, from the funeral parlors of
Porter & White, 423 Golden Gate avenue.
Interment Holy Crcas Cemetery.
WASH- Entered into rest, December 27. 1901,
William G., de'arly beloved son of the late
Michael and Annie. Walsh, beloved brother
of Sister Mary Aloyslus, Thomas J. and
Catherine Walsh, and stepson of Mrs. M. A.
Ferguson, a native of San Francisco.
iCTFriends and relatives are respectfully
invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Wednesday), at 8:30 a. m.. from the parlors
of J. C. O Ponncr & Co.. 767 Mission street.
thence to St. Joseph's Church, where a re-
quiem high mass will be-celebrated tor the
repose of his soul at 9 a. m. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery- • -
WILLIAMS — In this city, December 2S. 1903,
Edward, dearly beloved husband of Martha
Williams, devoted father of Charles Ed-
ward. Harry, Thomas, William, Belle. Mar-
tha, Frank and Peter Williams and Mrs C
Graham, a native of Dublin, Ireland, aged 60
years.
E^Fricnds ar.d acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend th* funeral Thursday.
December 31, 190."!. at S:45 o'clock, from his
late residence. 1712 Seventeenth avenue.
South San Franclsx*. thence to the French
Church, where a requiem, high mass will be
celebrated for the repose of his . son], .com-
mencing at 10 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery.
SOLER— In this city, December 27, .1903. An-
nie, dearly .beloved wife of Chris A. Soler,
' and mother of Josephine and George Soler,
and daughter .of Candldo and Isabella Mo-
relli,' a native of ¦ Italy, aged 29 years 4
months and lo days.
(CFrienCs and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the- funeral services
to-day (Wednesday), at 1 o'clock, at h'T
late residence, 1518 Mason street, thence to
Sts. Peter and Paul's Church for services.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
OFFICERS and members of Golden Gate Circle
No. 11, U. A. O. D., are hereby notified to at-
tend the funeral of our l^te sister, Mrs. Annie
- Sojer, to-day (Wednesday), at 1 o'clock.
, at her late residence, 1518 Mason street. By
crder of A. B. MRS. E. HELLMAN. R. S.
SPOONCER— In this city. December 29, 1903,
Albert H., beloved husband of Mollle Spoon-
cer, son of Thomas and Emma. Spooncer,
and brother of Mrs. E. Campbell. Mrs. 15.
McLaughlin and W. T.. L. E and Frod
Spooncer, a native of Ypsilant!_ Mich., aged
31 years 1 rrtonth and 25 days. A member
of Valley Lodge No. 3, A. O. IT. W. (Port-
land, Or., papers please copy.)
C^Remains nt the parlors of H. F. Euhr
& Co.. Ili7 Mission strest.
TRANT — In' this city. December 29. 1903. Jo-
seph M. Trant. a native of Ireland, aged 50
years. A member of the P. C. W. Associa-
tion.
- ,¦ •
late residence. 1535 Bay street. Interment
Mountain View Cemetery.
PARKER— In- Oakland. Abner Parker, hus-
band of Annie Parker, and father of Clar-
ence and Georsre Parker, a native of North
Carolina, aged 57 years 4 months and 25
days.
PETELEN — In this city, December 20, 1003.
Mary, beloved wife of Walter Petelen. - and
daughter-in-law or George and Nettle Pete-
Ian, a native of Glasgow, Scotland, aged 45
years 10 months and 15 days.
[OTrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to atteni the tuneral to-morrow
(Thursday), at »:45 o'clock, from the par-
lors of J. C. O'Connor & Co.. 767 Mission
Etrc-et. thence to the Greek-Russian Church,
Powell street, near Filbert, for service* at
JCc.iO o'clock. Interment Cyprets Lawn
Cemetery. ' .
PRICE— Entered Into rest, December 23, -1903.
William, beloved husband ai the late Sarah
Price, and devoted father of William and
Thomas Price. Mrs. L. F. Hale, Mrs. Charles
F. Daley and the late Mrs. Mary Maher, a
native of England, aged 75 year*.
ETFriemls and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Wednesday), December ,30. at 1 o'clock, from
his late residence, 224 Day street, between
Twenty-ninth and Thirtieth. Church and San-
chez. Interment Mount Olivet Cemetery.
SALLES— In this city. December 29, 190S.
Pierre Salles, beloved son of Bertrand Salles,
brother of B;rtrand Jr. and Joseph Salles.
npphew of Mr. and Mrs. P. Latapie. Edward
Rondel and Edward Jorgensen, anl cousin
of Pierre, Vlctorine, George, Mabel and I<er-
.trand Latanle, a. native of San Francisco,
aged 17 %-tflrs 5 months and 1 day.Reduced rates on household goods to & from
the East & South. Bekln's. 11 Montgomery st. *
ADAMS' Irish Moes Cough Baleam the safe,
eure, guaranteed cure. 25c, ' 50c. Druggists. •
NEW YORK. Dec. 29.— 1 olice Captain Cot
trelt has been exonerated on charges of neglect
of duty because A. B. Dcming succeeded In
reaching the aide of President Roosevelt when
the latter was attending: the funeral of his
uncle, . Jame« K. Grade, in this cjty a few
weeke ago. Three detective sergeants and two
patrolmen were exonerated '•• from" similar
charges tn connection with the-incldent. two
weeks ago. ' ,
The Roosevelt reception committee
Held* a meeting yesterday afternoon
and decided to get the judgment of
contributors to the fund regarding
the disposition of, the surplus. . No
objection was made to the plan of
sending out postal cards, so that each
contributor might express his views on
the proposition.
In. round numbers 10 per cent of
the amount collected is unexpended,
hence any one that donated $10, for
example, will get back $1 if he signi
fies desire for' reimbursement. It is
understood that Golden Gate Park is
to be the beneficiary of the surplus.
Roosevelt Reception Committee Fin
ally Decides on Plan for Dis-'
pensing Its Surplus Moneys.
CONTRIBUTORS WILL' SAY
; / : WHERE FUND SHALL GO
The Second Unitarian Church mem
bers held a celebration last night on
the occasion of the burning of the
mortgage on the church property.
Many members of the church from the
bay cities were present and took part
in the festivities.
The debt of $3000 was lifted by the
efforts of the pastor. Rev. William J."
Hudson. There was a large gathering
of the, church members and their
friends and addresses were delivered
by Rev. Bradford Leavitt. Rev. Wil
liam J. Hudson, Dorville Llbby, and
Mrs. J. W. Randall.
Following the burning of the mort
gage a supper was served in • the
church parlors and toasts were re
sponded to by W. A. Jenkins, W. J.
R'andall. Mrs. Horace Hale, J. B.
Rider. George W. Hooper, Miss. Clara
Eastman, J. J. Chick, Joseph Carter
and J. S. Mitchell. ; ¦ v : ¦
Music was rendered by J. Clement,
Samuel Adelstein, Miss Ruth Weston
and Miss Mollie Pratt.
Celebration Is Held and Large Crowd,
Including Many From Across the
Bay, Attend.
SECOND UNITARIAN CHURCH
MEMBERS BURN MORTGAGE
Judge E. C. Hart of Sacramento is at
the Grand.
C. L. Jones, a stockman of Modesto,
is at the Lick.
Dr. G. L. Watson of Vacaville is at
the Occidental.
Dr. F. P. Lambon of Kansas City is
staying at the Grand.
F. A. Hihn, a capitalist of Santa
Cruz, is at the Palace.
N. E. de Yoe, a merchant of Modesto,
is a guest at the Lick.
E, Zannetta, a rancher* of San Juan,
is registered at the Grand.
James M*. Meighan, a mining man of
Groveland, is at the Palace.
D. Burns, a wealthy cattleman of
Vancouver, is at the Grand. - .
Dr. C. W. Nutting of Etna registered
at the Occidental yesterday.
Richard' Walsh, a well-known sport
ing writer of St. Louis, is registered at
the Palace.
Frank Mattison and wife of Santa
Cruz were among the arrivals at the
Grand yesterday.
Henry La Montagne and H. R. John
ston of New York registered at the
Palace yesterday.
I. A. Nadeau, who is connected with
the Northern Pacific at Seattle, and
wife are at the Palace.
Dr/G. J. Herrman. a prominent phy
sician of St. Louis, and wife arrived at
the California yesterday.
E. E. Colvin of Salt Lake, assistant
general manager of the Oregon Short
Line, arrived at the Palace yesterday.
Dr. and Mrs. Humphreys of Hono
lulu, who have been visiting the East,
arrived in the city yesterday and are at
the California.
Willis G. Emerson, a wealthy min
ing man of Wyoming, who has been
mentioned as a Senatorial possibility
in that State, is registered at the Pal
ace.
S. R. Chappel, who lately retired
from the position of local freight agent
of the Southern Pacific Company at
Fifth and King streets, has been ap
pointed cashier of the company's
branch office at Vallejo street.
E. H. Lewis of Seattle, who has been
prominently identified with the lum
ber interests of the Northwest, is at
the Palace, en route to the East, where
he is to represent a number of Califor
nia lumber concerns.
Thomas Friant, one of Michigan's
big timber men, who recently acquired
title to a large tract of timber land
near Fresno, is at the Palace. He is
here preparing to move his sawmill
plant from Michigan to Fresno County.
Californians in New York.
NEW YORK, Dec. 20. — The follow
ing Californians are in New York:
From San Francisco — J. Drucker, at
the Cosmopolitan; L. Greensbaum, at
the Spaulding: E. B.- Hood and wife,
at the St. Denis; D. J. Murphy, at the
Grand Union; F. A. Somers, at the
Hoffman; H. Tramler and Mrs. J.
Heidman, at the Imperial; J. T. Mc-
Devitt, at the Hoffman; A. C. Walker,
at the Manhattan, and W. G. Wheel
bock and wife, at the Normandie.
Californians in Washington.
WASHINGTON. Dec. 29*.— The fol
lowing Californians registered at the
hotels to-day: At the Willard — W.
P. Dunham and R. H. Reid of Los An
geles and Frank Schwabacher of San
Francisco."
We are selling agents for fountain
pen* that will fit your hand. Cost from
$1 to J5 each. Oood for New Years.
Sanborn, Vail & Co.
Director Pierson Resigns.
At a meeting of the board of direc
tors of the North Shore Railroad yes
terday William M. Pierson's resigna
tion, "which was handed in several
weeks ago", was accepted and his suc
cessor on the board was selected in
the person of Henry E. Bothin. As
already announced, Attorney Pierson
is preparing for an extended trip
abroad and this fact was given for his
retirement from the directorate of the
railroad company, with which he had
been connected since it was acquired
by the Martin syndicate.
The wholesale grocers of this city
have decided to close their places of
business on next Thursday evening'j
and keep v them closed until Monday
morning.
The Charles Nelson Company, th«
Humbolrlt Manufacturing Company
and others fil«d a libel yesterday In
the United States District Court
against the steam schooner Del Norto
to recover $4S5S for the loss of tha
sailing schooner Mary Buhne in a
collision off Humboldt bar on Decem
ber 11 of this year.
Schooner Del Norte Libeled.
PERSONAL.
The fourth number of the Young
Men's Christian Association star
course of entertainments will take
place next Friday evening. January 1.
The Fisk jubilee singers (colored) will
appear. This company enjoys an en
viable reputation and was organized,
October 6, 1871, at Fisk University.
These are the "original Fisk jubilee
singers." Their music is in a class
by itself and is as unique as it is meri
torjous. It appeals as no other music
can and the company meets with pro
nounced success wherever it appears.
Fisk Jubilee Singers.
Ah Lim, a Chinese cook, recently
from Sacramento, was booked at the
City Prison yesterday by Detective
McMahcli and Policeman M. Walsh
on a charge of burglary. He was ar
rested on December 22, but the war
rant was only sworn to yesterday.
Ah Lim entered the residence of
George McGillivray. . 1600 Leaven
worth street, by the rear door on the
afternoon of December 22. He was
discovered searching the bureau
drawers in one of the bedrooms by
the occupants of the house. The door
of the room was promptly locked and
Ah Lim was detained till the police
were notified and arrived with the pa
trol wagon.
The defense of Ah Lim is that he
called at the lvouse to ask for em
ployment as cook. Not receiving any
answer to his knock on the rear door
he decided to go inside and wait till
some one came.
u-ortli Street and Is Captured
by the Occupants.
Ah Lim Enters a House on Lcaven-
CHINESE COOK. ARRESTED
ON BURGLARY CHARGE
SAN FRANCISCO CLIMATE
IS LARGELY ADVERTISED
Promotion Committee Has Tempera
ture Record Displayed Daily in
Nearly T«o Hundred Cities.
The California Promotion Commit
t<?e reports that it has* been instru
mental in inducing the Weather Bu
reau of the United States Department
of Agriculture to post the tempera
ture recorc of San Francisco daily on
bulletin boards in 168 Eastern cities,
among which are Albany. Baltimore,
Cincinnati, Columbus, Ohio; Cleve
land Chattanooga. Chicago. Charles
ton. Detroit, Des Moines. Dubuque, El
1 aso. Indianapolis, Harrisb^g. Kan
pas City. Louisville, Minneapolis,
Memphis. New York. Nev* s Orleans,
New Hsvpn. Oswcgo, Omaha. Pitts
burg. Philadelphia. St. Louis. St. Paul.
S*",reveport. Savannah, Sioux City.
Syracuse. Wilr.jp ngton, Tampa and
Key West.
The arrangement was made
through the Promotion Committee,
which induced chambers of commerce
throughout the country to provide
con5i>ieuous places in which the San
Francisco ,pmperature might be ad
vertised every day.
Greenbers * Greenberg
Hav*» a special m&i* of flannel waists,
¦worth $1 51. Jl 75. $2. $2 50. Sale price
fr> r Wednryday and Thursday. S5 cents.
<"Jr*>fnbpri? & Oreenbcrg, Grant avenue;
comer G«>ary. •
Printers Will Meet. ¦
Th<» "small printers" of this city
trill hold a meeting to-night at 73
Fourth street to discuss the present
rituation and form a more thorough
organization among themselves. They
claim at' the present time that they
are being hampered by the larger con
cerns and they ivill strive to improve
'their condition.
"I only know that it has been decided
to declare that road unfair , in Jan
uary. Beyond that I have nothing >to
say." . /' *
"When W. E. Davidson was asked if
he knew anything about the determina
tion of the American Federation of
Labor to declare the Santa Fe system
unfair, he said:
The. unorganized condition of the
Santa Fe system has always been a
source of trouble to the telegraphers on
the lines of the Southern Pacific Com
pany. When the general grievance
committee, headed by W. E. Davidson,
demanded an increase aggregating
$100,000 a year from the Southern Pa
cific Company early in the present
year, it was met wltl- the statement
tliat the Santa Fe system was In direct
competition with the Southern Pacific
Company, and yet the Southern Pacific
Company was paying its telegraphers
as high as one-third more than thejine
with which it was competing. Several
cases were cited, particularly that of
Bakersfield, which each road touches in
direct competition, where the Southern
Pacific Company pays $77 50 a month
to telegraphers, whereas men that are
performing the same work for the
Santa Fe receive but $55. But despite
this and other arguments Mr. Davidson
succeeded in having $100,000 distributed
annually over the Southern Pacific
system. •'•/¦ r " !
This new move upon the Santa Fe
has come from the Ec-t, and the coast
representatives of the order knew noth
ing of it until the official announcement
reached them. ' .
Ever since the telegraphers lost their
strike on the Santa Fe system some
years ago they have been waiting for
an opportunity to rcover their lost
ground upon this big system. Several
efforts have been made to get Pres
ident Ripley of the Santa Fe to recog
nize the Order of Railway Telegra
phers, but Without avail. He has al
ways said that he would have nothing
more to do with them, and all over
tures by the men have been rejected.
The matter came up at the last na
tional meeting of the Order of Railway
Telegraphers in St. Louis and It was
a matter that caused a great deal of
debate. There were ten delegates
present from the Pacific Coast, headed
by W. E. Davidson, general chairman
of the Southern Pacific Division of the
Order of Railway Telegraphers.
As Mr. Davidson represents a road
that is thoroughly organized in the in
terests of his order— more than 90 per
cent of the dispatchers and operators
between Prj-tland, San Francisco; Og
den and New Orleans being members
of that organization — it was natural
tha* he, with the other coast delegates,
should take a great deal of interest in
the matter of adding the Santa Fe sys
tem to the organized roads. How to
accomplish this was the work to which
the coast delegation addressed itself
most arduously. Coast Organizer Da
vidson was in favor of first organizing
the Santa Fe system quietly and then
applying for recognition from Presi
dent Ripley, but Grand President Per
ham of the Order of Railway Telegra
phers was in favor of placing the road
upon the "unfair" list of his order and
the American Federation of Labor.
This latter method has been adopted.
TELEGRAPHERS TROUBLED.
REFUSED RECOGNITION.
The Santa Fe Railroad eystem has
been' placed upon the blacklist of the
American Federation of Labor and all
of those who are affiliated with that or
ganization of national scope will be in
structed not to ride upon the lines of
that corporation or ship freight there
on after January 1.
This action was taken by the cen
tral organization of the American Fed
eration of Labor at the request of the
Order of Railway Telegraphers, and is
due to the fact that the Santa Fe sys
tem has never recognized the. teleg
raphers' organization since the strike
on that system some years ago, which
the telegraphers lost. The Order of
Railway Telegraphers \ is connected
with the American Federation of La
bor, and it is now announced that im
mediately after the first of the year the
general organization will declare a boy
cott upon the big railway system and
will prohibit its members from patron
izing it in any way.
Whether this move will.be extend
ed any further is a question, but at
present the opposition to the Santa Fe
system will be manifested by a passive
boycott, and the road will be declared
"unfair", by the American Federation
of Labor.
All Efforts on Part of Order
to Secure Recognition Since
VAg Strike Years Ago Have
Proved Unavailing Thus Far
Furniture Handlers' Protective Asso
ciation No. 1 has chosen officers as fol
lows: Presfdent, Charles Klotz; vice
president, W. E. Clark; treasurer, Sam
uel Preston; financial secretary, A. S.
'Alexander: recording . secretary, H.
Pleroto; conductor, F. Marks; warden.
F. Augustus: delegates to the Building
Trades Council — A. S. Alexander, Sam
uel Preston and Eugene Barry.
The Gas and Electric- Fixture Hang
ers' Union has elected the following
officers for the ensuing term: Presi
dent, L. Grosser; vice president, W.
Lawrence: financial secretary-treasur
er, J. W. Kentzell; recording secretary,
William Taylor: sergeant at arms, .Wil
liam Cullen; trustees— J. W. McGrath.
A. N. Smith and William Woods; dele
gates to the Building Trades Council —
Herbert Zecher, A. Smith and W. A.
Thompson.
The Varnishers' and Polishers' Union
has elected the following officers: Pres
ident, C. M. Haybe; vice president, S.
T. Arnold: recording secretary, W. T.
Lansfield; financial secretary, D.-Ca
nelo; treasurer, G. Collopy; conductor,
W. Hoy; warden, C. Christiansen; del
egates to the Building Trades Council
— C. M. Haybe, W. Hoy, C. Christiansen
and G. Shawl: delegates to the Dis
trict Council of Painters— J. Tuite. W.
M. Page. G. Zigelmayr. J. S. Tate, .J.
Ryan and T. Rheinhart; trustee to Or
ganized Labor, W. M. Page; trustee
to Progressive Planing Mill, W. M.
Page.
Bartenders' League No. 41 held its
annual installation of officers last
night. The following were installed:
President, ¦ C. |?. ileypr; first vice
president, J. -Vera; second v^e presi
dent- J. B. Wells; financial and corre
sponding secretary, p. L. Hoff; record
ing secretary and reading clerk, H. G.
Randall; treasurer. George Ronken; in
spector, J. Oagoo'J; inside guard, P.
Tanner; outside guard, H. Falthmann;
trustees, T. M. Scully, C. Ticdemann
and J. Walsh: executive board, S. II.
Clark, C. Donlan. P. Tanner, A. Foley
and P. Smith; delegate to the State
Federation of Lab »r. P. Tanner; busi
ness agent. Al Co.'^drotte.
The Electrical Workers 'Union elected
the following officers at last night's
meeting: President, E. McKenzie; vice
president. P. J. Kennedy; recording
secretary. J. AlexAnder; financial sec
retary, J. Flick; first Inspector, T.
O'Brien: second inspector, *J. Kopp;
foreman, J. McDonald: executive board,
J. McKnight and Kdward Smith.
OTHER OFEICERS ELIXTED.
George W. Dillon, chief organizer of
the Internationa 1 Brotherhood of
Teamsters, left fo| the north yesterday
afternoon. Dillon Jias been In this city
for several days i?t the interest of the
local teamsters anfi is said to have done
a lot of good wofk.
DILLON LEAVES FOR NORTH.
The difficulty between the Cooks' and
Waiters' Union and the Restaurant
Keepers' Association has finally been
settled. Yesterday afternoon the offi
cials of both organizations declared j
that matters had been adjusted satis
factorily to both sides and that all the
cooks and waiters had agreed to go
back to work. -
The only restaurant not Included is
Johnson's. He refused to enter into
the compact. He stated last vight that
he intended to run e,n "open shop 11 and
defy the members of the Cooks' and
Waiters' Union who have been boy
cotting his place of business. \
President Richard Cornelius of the
Carmen's Union has given out a reply J
to the statement recently issued by i
Manager Chapman iof the United Rail
roads regarding the stopping of cars
at both sides of crossings. According
to Cornelius it is the fault of the com
pany and not the grlpmen and motor- I
men. i
According, to Cornelius when the
company ordered that all cars should
stop at both sides of car crossings it
allowed no extra time for the trips.
The men were warned that if they were
late they would be penallzeaj so, in
many instances, they have not the time
to stop at both sides of carlir.p cross
ings and reach their destinations on
schedule time. '
TELEGRAPHERS ARE
CAUSE OF TROUBLE
CALL BUREAU, 1406 G STREET, N.
"W r ., "WASHINGTON", Dec. V}.— Samuel
Gompera, president of the American
Federation of Labor, in an editorial in
the American FederattAniat, Just pub
lished, strongly advlse's union labor to
resist employers' associations and. all
efforts at wage reductions and at the
same time urges employers not to at
tempt to force the issue. The Import
ance of this utterance at thia time lies
In the fact that it come3 just after
Gompers* trip to New York, taken with
the view to terminating the intolerable
labor troubles of that city. Gompers
says: *
"We have urged and still urge em
ployers to pursue a more enlightened
course to avoid cutting wage?. TVe
have advised and shall continue to ad
vise our fellow workmen to resist re
ductions in wages by every lawful
means within their power, for, as we
have said before, 'it Is better to resist
and lose than not to resist at all.'
"Let workmen complacently accept
reductions in their wages and it will
be an invitation to repeat reduction at
will, intensifying depression and pro
voking an industrial crisis: forcing
down workers in the economic and so
cial scale and bringing on fearful pov
erty, misery and degradation. Resist
ance on the part of labor to reduction
of wages will chock this to a great de
gree and at least demonstrate to ignor
ant and shortsighted employers that
such course is exceedingly expensive
to them and will prevent Its repetition.
"Then, in the interest of workers, in
the interests of all our peopie. we urge
employers generally not to force the
issue by attempting to reduce wages.
To our fellow Workers we say, organ
ize, unite and federate and prepare to
resist to the uttermost any attempt to
invade our rights and take from us
the means by which we sustain our
selves and the dear ones dependent
upon us."
Special Dispatch to The Call.
President Cornelius of Car
men's Union Alleges Men Are
Xot Allowed Time for Runs
Should They Accept Reduc
tions, lie Says, It Would Mean
Further Decreases in Future
TELLS UNIOXS TO RESIST
American Federation of Labor
Takes Action Placing- the
Big Railway System on Its
Blacklist as Unfair Company
JOKXSOX BEMAIXS* FIRM
Cooks and Waiters Meet Res
taurant Keepers and Their
Difficulty Is Tinally Settled
President Gompers of the Ameri
ican Federation Denounces
Employers for Cutting Wages
DECLARES
BOYCOTT on
SANTA FE
SIGN ARTICLES
OF AGREEMENT
URGES LABOR
TO RETALIATE
,,-i'-;;.r <• ••
*THE SAN FRANCISCO" CKIX,<> WEDNESDAY, DECEMBER 30. 1903,
16
FOR TO-DAY
THESE
EXCELLENT
1/31 ///TO
In
Women '$ Flannel-
..ette Wrappers..
85c WRAPPERS An n
REDUCED to O&C
$1.00 WRAPPERS Qr-^
REDUCED to OO C
$1.25 WRAPPERS nn^
REDUCED to vOC
$1.75 WRAPPERS *1 1C
REDUCED to 0/./O
$2.00. WRAPPERS 41 X/l
REDUCED to vi.VU
I Women's Wrappers f
Veritable
Dreams of Comfort
Come in All the SEASONABLE COLORS
in pretty " Floral," "Persian" and
" Oriental " Designs.
Wrappers Are Made
Right in
Our Own Factory
That Is Why You'll Find Them "Extra
Full" and "Extra Wide"— With an Un-
usual Deep Flounce and Deep Hem-
Fitted Vest Lining— Neat Belt at Waist
— the Popular Bishop Sleeves.
Marks Bros.' WRAPPERS A,re Known
for Their "Superior , Wearing Qualities"
and "Perfect Fitting. "
GREEN TRADING STAMPS
WITH ¦ ALL
marWbros.
"HOHEST rALUES"
1220-1 222-1 224Jk A RKET ST.
- v Between Taylor and Jones.
*
This week we will place on special sale 5 cases
Lace Curtains In Madras Net, Colonial Net, Arabian,
Battenberg and Renaissance.
250 pairs Madras Net Lace Curtains m tiotn
white and. ecru, 18 different designs, $1.50 pair
300 pairs Colonial and Cable Net Lace Curtains,
white and ecru, veru handsome designs, $3.00 pair
200 pairs Corded Arabian Lace Curtains on
, heayu Cable Net. 15 different designs,
$3.00 anl $3.50 palp
250 pairs Renaissance Lac3 Curtains. 20 air-*
ferent designs, $3.50, $4.50 and $6.00 palp
150 pairs Ruffled Muslin and Net Curtains, 7
different stules, " $1.50 palp
We will also' show a large Yarletn of Colorei
Madras, Battenberg and Irish Point Curtains, Tap-
estru Portieres, Tapestru and Yeloup Couch Covers
and Ruffled Lace Bed Sets,
BLANKETS
2 cases White California Blankets, size for three-
auarter beds, $3.75 palp
45 pairs full size Whits Blankets (Golden Gate
Brand) In pink anl blue borders, assorted,
$8.50 pair
Regular value S10.50 pair.
• ¦ ¦
(~*% TP ¥^ Orders by mall receive prompt attention.
1 V^ 1 MlJu All orders for samples or goods Tilled
—^^— — —^^» anil shipped same day t::cy are received.
ill, 113, 115, 117, 119, 121 POST STREET.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Is the happy prospect
Brown offers every Man,
Boy or Child by his money
saving prices. His com-
• G plete assortment of Cloth-
ing is strictly up-to-date in * <
exclusive styles, every
known fabric and the
finest finishes
Tuxedo Suits and Over-
coats for New Year calls;
Fancy Vests and Smoking
Jackets for New Year's gifts.
A Right Start With Right
Clothes at Right Prices
Means a Happy
New Year.
516*518 MARKET ST.mo^gomery
ADVEKTISEHENTS.
MABKS BROS.
ADVEBTXSE2CENTS.
Special, $7.65
To you who arc rit-
,^§^1^^ ' l '"S out V' our homes,
fip§pi|l|l^| and you who begin
w wJyw/ \f? housekeeping on the
IK '/M/M, \ Si 1st, this offer is espe-
m \ S///M/J \ \u cially made. We carry
M !' 'JWmJ % P\ cvcr y £ radc of sub *
I\( 1 /Mf JpJfpft M stantial Furniture and
n^^^^tj £t &L wc mark itat the low *
ff^^^l cst selling price on
r& t^^jgggS^gg ! ! 5\ this coast Big lines
**<¦¦' ¦i\ )^ f rom W hich to choose.
Thls Solid Oak
iSSSi^Lill^i^^ \- Dresser with heavy
¦-. SSJPpS^jS^SiBl I triple French bevel
? : ~^?55SSS mirror and three deep
¦ ' T-*^ jsg ft drawers with locks and
: ---^555 ? brass trimmings, sells
• 'gpStt^&SSSsfc \ regularly for $11.50;
i =^7jy-_ ~jF^^y^ i ¦¦ sells "special" for the
I W^<^^><^^s^^ f rest of this week, for
£L % $7.65
"THE CREDIT HOUSE" 233-235 237 Post Street
A Properly <
r^%jv Cut Suit
I JEk. .'. \ fe>\ rnrrectly ** ller * < l *n<*
I/^jl&- ¦' Iwvjjf \«made of good. d«p«nd-
y'.^ ' material, la what
1^^__2 r;ln t' r »-\ >> made to
r***"~«j» "^tit }"ur order in m:r «ho?
f^'"''"'i!S un a prcii)o3iuon °*
™l $1.00 a
Will Week
2 > • -I ¦* nrl you may w **r * h *
~a ? vl * ult whlI » paying for
if y* "I It. *">ur tailoring la of
• u * 5l R * llRh cIa *»— (t can't
M fe A *"" an y* n ' r K *!s« on a
•J\ v» -Jl proposition of this
TV \jf2s»»^ kind. \\> guarantee
\gk "¦^^K» perf»«-t satisfaction.
BwL Com" In this evening
\{*ji «nd let uj taio your
A. B, SMITH CO.,
VP TO DATE TAILORS.
128-132 ELLIS STREET
Above Powell. Saa Francisco.
rou^dtabI
\ ARROW "BRAN d|
i 15CENTS f 2FOR25CENTS H
. CtUCTT, PEABOOY A CO. fj
S Ui&ers of Claett *ad Uonarcli Shirt* | (
.—^^^ss™.«^iss^»^i»m
ADVERTISEMENTS.