The San Francisco Call
SAN iRANCISCO, WEDNESDAY, OCTOBER 34, 1903.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
VOLUME XC1V-NO. 136.
MILLER IS FIRST
POSTAL OFFICIAL
TO FACE A TRIAL
MISS WOOD SAYS
SHE WILL PREVENT
PLATT 'S MARRIAGE
BRIDE-TO-BE OF UNITED STATES
SENATOR THOMAS C. PLATT OF
NEW YORK.
Court Shows Mercy to Man Who
Billed His Father, Mother and
a Boarder.
CHICAGO. Oct. 13.— Earl Ellsworth, who
recently confessed to having murdered
his- father and mother and a boarder at
his home, in Woodstock, to-day waived
a change of venue for which he had ap
plied, and threw himself on the mercy o2
the court. He was given a lif • sentence
MURDERER ELLSWORTH
GOES TO PRISON FOR LIFE
The news of the postponement of tha
Czar's visit has created a bad Impression,
as It la regarded as a reflection on Italy s
ability to safeguard him against social
istic demonstrations. In spite of the re
port of M. Lapouklne, the Russian police
agent, who, after three days' investlsa
tlon, predicted manifestations, the Italian
police assert that they are fully able to
accord to the Czar protection, and they
point out that this Is also the view of tho
Russian Embassador at Rome, who re
ported to St. Petersburg that tha Czar
has nothing to fear.
BERLJN, Oct. 13. — The Rome corre
spondent of the Cologne Gazette says
that it is now certain that the proposed
visit of the Czar to Rome has not only
been postponed, but that it has been com
pletely abandoned.
EISA, Italy, Oct. 13.— Prince Dolgorouky.
grand marshal of the Russian court.
who arrived here yesterday, presented
the Czar's autograph letter to King Vic
tor Emmanuel, wherein the former ex
presses his regret at being obliged to
defer his visit to Rome.
CZAU. ABANDONS IDEA
OF PAYING VISIT TO ROME
Italy Begards His Action as a Reflec
tion on Her Ability to Safe
guard Him.
Not one of Dowie's trains will stop in
Chicago. They will be shifted around the
city to the Grand Trunk, Michigan Cen
tral, "Wabash and other railroads which
are hauling the children of Zlon eastward.
All Dowie followers in Chicago who in
tend to make the trip will be compelled
to start from Zlon City.
One train will carry a great surpliced
choir of 600 voices, while en another will
be the uniformed guard. 50O in all. The
first train will leave Zlon City at 9:30
o'clock to-morrow and go by the Pennsyl
vania. The last train will leave at 3
o'clock and reach New York at 9 o'clock
on Thursday morning. Dowie will be on
this train and he will travel more sump
tuously than the other members of the
party. More than 100 cars will be re
quired to transport the host.
One of the arrangements for tha com
fort and peace of mind of mothers was
suggested by Overseer Jane Dowle. It \3
a nursery In which young children may be
left during the absence of their mothers.
Deaconesses with experience as nurses
will have charge of the creche and from
to-morrow until November 2, when the
host will evacuate New York, the nur
sery maids will have charge of the in
fants.
All residents of Zlon who go to New
York to-morrow on ons of the nine- spe
cial trains have received their final trav
eling Instructions from Deacon Peters.
master of transportation. To-day a spe
cial train of baggage cars arrived for tho
use of the host. Early in the day heavier
articles of baggage, such aa trunks, wera
placed therein.
Al3o early on hand to-day was a dining
car, in which Dowie and his personal
aids will find their viands en route to and
from New York.
CHICAGO, Oct. 13.— Dowlelto hosts
gathered at Zlon City to-day la obedience
to the call of John Alexander Dowie and
by to-morrow 3100 of the "Restoration
Army" will bo on their way to "redeem
New York and its environment." Dowle
denied himself to-day to all except mem
bers of his personal staff, while various
heads of departments busied themselves
with crusaders from points outside tha
city. Followers of Dowle came on all
trains from the South and from North
western States and even from Manitoba
and "Western Canadian places as far as
"Victoria and Vancouver, B. C. Registered
at Zion are Dowieites from the Puget
Sound country and California.
Zion's streets presented a lively and
picturesque appearance to-day. Zlon
guards, uniformed and girded for the
fray, passed from corner to corner, ad
dressing each other on the subject of their
coming onslaught upon the breastworks
of sin In Gotham. Each guard wears a
leather pouch at his belt and the pouch
contains a Bible, while on the face of the
receptacle is the inscription, "The Word
of God."
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Great Army Gathers for On
slaught Upon New York
Citadels of Sin.
Nine Special Trains to
Carry "Elijah's"
Cohorts.
Dowieites to Start
Upon Crusade
To-Day.
ZION'S HOST
WILL MOVE
ON GOTHAM
GETTYSBURG. Pa., Oct. 13. — At the
meeting of Medal of Honor United States
Army convention here to-day, General D.
E. Sickles of New York presiding', ' a
resolution commending Major General
Miles as a brave soldier was passed on
an appeal from a decision of the chair
that tt did not belong to the affairs o* the
association. .•:
Commend Major General Miles.
BERLIN, Oct. 13.— An odd case of lese
majeste Is reported from Meiden, Ba
varia, against a priest who refused to ad
minister communion to a sick person un
til a portrait of the Empress was re
moved, vn the ground that the Empress'
dress, being low cut, was am evil spec
tacle for youth. The priest also ordered
out the Emperor's picture, alleging that
both portraits belonged together. The
State's attorney, caused- tha priest's In-'
Olctment.
Odd Case of Lese Majeste.
VESSEL IS BELIEVED
TO HAVE BEEN LOST
Typhoon May Have Destroyed the
Finsbury fend Ended Sailors'
Lives.
VICTORIA, B. C, Oct. 13.— The steamer
Empress of Japan brings news from
Yokohama that it is feared there that the
overdue steamer Finsbury, reinsured at
90 per cent, was lost In a typhoon which
raged at the close of September, and
must have foundered with all hands. The
steamer was laden with explosives, and
left Kobe for Yokohama September 22.
She was of 1230 tons and commanded by
Captain Jones. She carried twenty-two
men.
LONDONDERRY RECEIVES
COVETED APPOINTMENT
He Is Selected Lord President of the
Council in Succession to Duke
of Devonshire.
LONDON, Oct. 13.-Lord Londonderry
has been appointed Lord President of the
Council, in succession to the Duke of
Devonshire. It is understood that hia
Lordship will retain the portfolio of edu
cati&n and his new appointment will thus
make little practical difference to his po
sition In the Cabinet,
ERIE, Pa.. Oct. 13.— This afternoon
while several Erie fishing tugs were en
gaged in setting or drawing nets on the
Canadian side of Lake Erie they were
pounced upon by the patrol boat Petrel,
which a few wo<ki? ego put several shots
into the Silver Spray under similar cir
cumstances before she succeeded In get
ting away. To-day, however, the Petrel
captured the Star, owned by Tabb &
Constable of this city, both of whom
were on board.
PATEOL BOAT FETBEL
SEIZES AMERICAN TUG
Vessel Is Overhauled While Drawing
Nets on the Canadian Side of
Lake Erie.
"That don't interest us," was his reply.
"The price of hogs has nothing to do
with the prices the packers make us pay
for dressed meats."
Conservative livestock men claim the
Btockmen of the Western States have
lost more than $100,000,000 during the past
three months by the manipulation of the
markets by the packers, and that hun
dreds of cattlemen are on the verge of
ruin. There being practically only ,one
bidder for live stock, the trust sets the
price, and stockmen must sell at that
price or see their stock depreciate dally.
OMAHA, Oct. 13.— Farmers and stock
men of the West have been robbed of mil
lions of dollars within the past six weeks
by the meat trust, and consumers In the
East and South have been robbed of still
further millions by the same combination.
The big packers have, by their agreement
to refrain from bidding on stock at the
stockyards, beaten prices down almost
to the breaking point, and at the samo
time have raised the prices of dressed
meats to Eastern consumers until the
figures paid are far above what they were
one year ago, when the meat trust was
supposed to have been formed.
The packing trust Is paying to-day 40
per cent less for pork than one year ago,
while the retailers are paying the pack
ers 15 per cent more for dressed pork
than one year ago, making the Increased
profits of the trust, through "cinching"
both the consumer and the producer, 55
per cent on pork. .
For beef steers the packers are paying
25 per cent less than last year, while the
selling price is 10 per cent higher; In
creased profits to the trust, 35 per cent.
These figures are from the actual mar
ket prices of Monday, the selling prices
being based on' Omaha prices, although
the manager of one of the packing-houses
admitted that the prices to Eastern con
sumers were still higher than those of
Omaha, the profits to packers j being 5
per cent more In New York and Chicago
than In Omaha.
"Do you know that hog* have declined
50 cents this week?" was asked of an
Omaha retail butcher.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Robs Producer and
Consumer of
Millions.
A strong Republican following did not
support Mayor Bookwalter on account of
antagonism to the administration.
Out of 237 voting precincts unofficial re
turns from 231 precincts give Holtzman
20.215, Bookwalter 19,208. Hitz. Prohibition
and Independent. 5,267. Plurality for
Holtzman. 1007. The campaign has been
one of the most spirited in the history of
the city, and the vote polled was the
heaviest ever cast.
IXDIANAPOLIS, Oct. 13.— Unofficial re
turns from the city election 'ndicate the
election of John W. Holtzman. Demo
cratic candidate for Mayor, over Charles
A. Bookwalter, the present Republican
Uayor. The rest of the ticket is doubt
ful.
INDIANAPOLIS ELECTION
BRINGS OUT HEAVY VOTE
Unofficial Returns Indicate a Vic
tory for the Democratic Candi
date for Mayor.
BERLIN, Oct. 13.-The Foreign Office
here now looks upon the situation in the
Far East as being less grave. Both Japan
and Russia appear willing to arbitrate a
modus Vivendi concerning Korea, which
country, and not Manchuria, is the ex
treme point of difference. Russia, it is
asserted, would consider It a casus belli
were Japan to land troops at Masanpho.
The Foreign- Office says no secret agree
ment exists between Russia and Germany
relative to " East Asia and . that the j only
agreement concerning East. Asia which
Germany has Is that of 1900 with Great
Britain. The correspondence respecting
this agreement ha3 been fully published.;
Berlin Foreign Office Receives Reas
suring Advices.
SITUATION LESS GRAVE.
Since the canceling of the Czar's visit
to Rome, considerable interest Is taken
here in the relations of Russia and Japan.
The sympathy of the majority of Italians
appears to be on the side of the latter.
ROME, Oct. 13.— Instructions have been
cabled to the commander of the protected
cruiser Poughlia, which is on her way
from Callao to San Francisco to join the
Italian far Eastern squadron, which now
consists of the armored cruiser Vettor
Pisani and the protected cruisers Cala
bria and Plemonte. The commander of
the squadron has received instructions to
protect Italian interests in China in the
event of a Russo-Japanese war.
Italian "Warship Now on This Coast
Will Go to Chinese Waters.
ORDERED TO THE ORIENT.
¦^TNCINNATI, Oct. 13.— The first
g * trial under about two dozen
B Indictments against postofflce
Ifa .^y officials was) begun here- to
* •••¦ day. " The defendants are
Daniel Voorhies M'ller of
Torre Haute, Ind.. formerly Assistant At
torney General for the Postoffice Depart
ment in Washington, and his friend.
Joseph M. Johns, an attorney at Rock
ville, Ind. The Government alleges a
conspiracy between these defendants for
the purpose of obtaining money from
John J. Ryan, a turf commissioner, with
offices in Cincinnati and St.. Louis, for
protecting him in the use of the mails to
further his schemes.
Miller claims absolute ignorance of any
transaction that may have occurred be
tween Ryan and Johns. Johns claims
that he made an ordinary contract with
Ryan, as attorney*, to assist in securing
a decision from the postal department
after presentation of the case. Both de
fendants emphatically deny any under
standing between themselves or with
Ryan, or any conspiracy.
BIG ARRAY OF COUNSEL.
Eminent counsel are engaged on both
sides. Miller and Johns are old friends,
having lived in adjoining counties in In
diana for years, where both have been
prominent politically, proressionally and
otherwise. While District Attorney Sher
man McPherson and his assistants, Mou
liner and Darby, have been working on
the case for .some time, they were as
sisted to-day by Charles H. Robb, As
sistant Attorney General for the Post
offlce Department in Washington: D. C.
Cockran, chief of postofflce inspectors;
Inspectors VIckery and Fulton, who ar
rested Miller and Johns, and others.
The defendants have been indicted Joint
ly on six counts. The Government has
called a dozen witnesses and the defense
three times that many, so that it is ex
pected that the arguments will not be
reached until the latter part of the week.
The witnesses to-day were Richard H.
Webster, a clerk in the legal department
of the Postofflce Department at Wash
ington; J. N. Morrow, a telegraph oper
ator at Rockville, Ind., and John J. Ryan,
the latter being on the stand when court
adjourned. As Ryan's direct examina
tion has not been completed It is believed
that most of the time will be taken up
with his testimony regarding h*is ' tran
sactions with postal officials in Washing
ton and later with Johns as the alleged
middleman at meetings in Terre Haute,
Cincinnati and St. Louis.
JOHN J. RYAN'S TESTIMONY.
Ryan was orrthe stand from 3 o'clock
until court adjourned. He gave a history
and an explanation of his .co-operative
investment company, telling how he ad
vertised in the papers and received an
swers with" money by mall. Last Novem
ber he was called upon by postofflce In
spectors and soon afterward received no
tice from D. V. Miller, as assistant at
torney for the Postofflce Department, that
his turf commissioner ; operations were
fraudulent. Later he had a hearing be
fore Attorneys Christiancy and Miller on
November 11, In Washington, where the
whole auestlon was finally referred to
Miller. * "
At this meeting Ryan promised to re
organize his co-operative Investment com
pany so that his operations as turf com
missioner would come within the require
ments of the postal laws. 'He continued,
however, to have trouble and soon after
his return from Washington he received
a letter from Joseph. M. Johns, in which
the latter said he could be of service to
him.,; ' , ." : . ... . ;
GOES ,' UNDER ASSUMED NAME.
* After considerable correspondence by
mall and wire they met In Terre Haute,
MEAT TRUST
FIXES PRICES
ALL AROUND
NEW YORK, Oct. 13.-The wedding of
Senator Thomas C. Platt and Mrs. Lil
lian T. Janeway Is planned to occur on
Thursday next, at noon. In Marble Col
lege Church, Rev. David James Burrell
officiating.
Senator Platt announced that the wed
ding would be a Bimple affair, attended
only by members of both families and a
few Intimate friends. When it was sug
gested to him that he was following a
Senatorial precedent the Senator smiled
blandly and replied:. "
"And we will duplicate the happiness of
the Depews."
It was at first announced that the wed
ding was to take place on October 16,
which falls on Friday. The Senator said
that he had never intended to give such
an impression.
"I wouldn't be married on Friday," he
added. "You see, there was a mistake."
Mrs. Janeway, the bride-elect, is the
widow of Dr. Theodore Janeway, a
nephew of Dr. Edward G. Janeway of
this city. She was Miss Lillian Thomp
son and is a native of Maine. Mrs. Jane
way, who has one daughter, Is one of the
most attractive women in Washington.
suit against Senator Thomas C.
Platt, is said to have declared upon her
return from England a few weeks ago
that the Platt-Janeway wedding should
never take place. Miss Wood, It seems,
has frequently remarked tnat the Sena
tor would never marry Mrs. Janeway and
for the most part has treated the affair
as a joke.
Miss Wood has been in the postofflce de
partment In this city for three years and
is now employed In the money order di
vision at a salary of $1400 a year. She Is
said to have obtained her position
through the influence of Senator Platt.
Before coming to Washington she was
employed in the New York City postofflce.
She also was employed at one time on a
New York magazine.
Before going to New York Miss Wood
lived in Omaha and was employed in the
legal department of the Burlington Rail
road. She read law there and was admit
ted to the bar. Miss Wood is an accom
plished linguist and has traveled extens
ively abroad.
Although Miss Wood is said to have
been much less attentive than many other
employes to her duties In the Postofflce
Department, her salary has been raised
and she Is alleged to have violated many
rules of the department with impunfty.
On several occasions Platt Is said to have
called at the department to Investigate
grievances Miss Wood held against per
sons who were in authority over her.
Letters which Senator Platt is said to
have written to Miss Wood have been
shown to many persons in Washington
and are reported to contain many expres
sions of endearment. On one occasion It
was rumored in the Postofflce Depart
ment that Miss Wood would marry Sen
ator Platt and the young woman Is said
to have encouraged this report and oven
Intimated that her trousseau was in
preparation.
¦yALL, BUREAU, 140 6 ,G
Jf ' N. W., WASHING
IS^ TON. Oct. 13.— Miss Mae C.
PL Wood, who Is in New York to
*%£J&r institute a breach of promise
Special Dispatch to The Call.
John J. Ryan the Gov~
ernment's Star
Witness.
Young Woman Plans
Trouble for a
Senator.
.FORMER POSTOFFICE OFFICIAL
AND ONE OF THE GOVERN
MENT'S ATTORNEYS.
At the Cabinet meeting to-day Secre
tary Hay spoke of Information he had
received as to the situation In the far
Kast, and it was his opinion that there
was no indication of hostilities between
Japan and Russia. He Intimated that
negotiations were in progress between
the two countries which seemed likely to
result favorably for peace.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 13. — Because of
necessary repairs, the cruiser New
Orleans has arrived at Yokohama for
overhauling. The work will be done by a
Japanese firm, and, in view of the situ
ation in the far East, every effort will
be made to repair the vessel without
docking her. The American fleet, in the
event of a war between Japan and Rus
sia, will be a close observer of the con
flict.
Cruiser New Orleans "Will Be Over
hauled at Yokohama.
"REPAIRS TO BE HURRIED.
" There Is nof^nVlj in the* 'developments
of the" pa'st few days, within Japanese
knowledge, to indicate that this crisis
Is imminent. • - . •
The Chefu correspondent of the Dally
Mail reports the continued noticeable ex
odus of Chinese and Japanese residents
from Manchuria, where the Russians are
displaying marked military activity. A
dispatch from Peking to the same paper
says that in well-informed Japanese quar
ters It Is asserted that Japan will not
calmly accept the present situation. Rus
sia has suggested that the maintenance
of the legation guards in Peking is no
longer necessary.
The Times correspondent at Tokio tele
graphs that the Japanese residents of
WUu, Korea, alarmed at the movements
of the Russian soldiers, have sent away
their wives and children.
Nothing that Russia may do in Man
churia- will be made a casus belli by
Japan. Russia is under pledge to the
United States to begin the evacuation of
Manchuria. Now that it is evident that
8he has no intention of fulfilling her
promise, any aggressive action by Japan
might supply Russia with a pretext for
her failure to keep her agreement. Japan
has no intention of doing anything which
would relieve Russia from the embarrass
ment of her position toward the United
States Government.
War between Japan and ' Russia, if It
comes, will have its cause in Russian
designs upon the Korean Peninsula. Any
movement by Russia in this direction will
be resisted to thi uttermost by Japan.
LONDON, Oct. 13.— The following may
be accepted as an authentic statement
of Japan's position in the present crisis
in the Far East.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
MacVeagh's departure from The Hague
left th« interests of Venezuela and the
United States represented by William R.
Penfleld, solicitor of the State Depart
ment, and Herbert W. Bo wen, United
States Minister to Venezuela.
The principal charge against MacVeagh
was that he had written a letter to the
executive council of the tribunal in which
he said in effect, according to the report,
that if the arbitrators were lawyers in
stead of diplomats they would know their
business better. This was regarded as an
Insult to the tribunal.
Another charge was that he went far
beyond his rights as counsel by accus
ir.g the British Go\-ernment of having 1
fomented *Tevolutlo» against the Vene
zuelan Government. This statement gave
great offense to the United States lega
tion at The Hague, which maintained that
It was unwarranted.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 13.— Information
received here from The Hague, both by
letter and from persons who have Just
returned from there^ is to the effect that
by his sudden departure thence for home
"Wayne MacVeagh saved himself from re
call as counsel for Venezuela and credi
tor nations which appeared before the
Interr.a-tior.al tribunal of arbitration in op
position to the contention of England,
Germany and Italy that they were en
titled to preferential treatment in the dis
tribution of the Venezuelan indemnity
fund. According to statements which
come from reliable sources, MacVeagh set
the tribunal by the ears and produced
much ill feeling on all sides. It is de
clared that had MacVeagh elected to stay
until the tribunal completed Its work the
situation would have developed protests
against his continuance as counsel. As
It was, consideration was given to the
question of his recall.
Special Disratch to The Call.
War Improbable Unless the
Czar Attempts to Seize
Korea.
Looks to This Nation
to Force Russia
to Retire.
Saves Himself From Recall
by Voluntarily Return
ing Home. x
American CouDsel In
temperate in His
Speech.
Japan Yields Her
Manctarian
: Claims.
Peace Tribunal at
The Hague Is
Angered.
EXPECTS
AMERICA
TO ACT
MACVEAGH'S
WORDS STIR
A TEMPEST
Continued on Page 2, Column 5.
After, both sides had argued the ques
tion the court took the objection under
advisement until to-morrow
HONOLULU, Oct. 7.— News has been re
ceived here from London of the engage
ment of Miss Lily Neumann, daughter of
the late Paul Neumann, and Robert Mac
donald Bird. The groom is a relative of
Sir Claude Macdonald.
where, Ryan said, he registered under the
name of Rose. Ryan described in detail
how they mingled about the hotel in
Terre Haute and j finally retired to his
room, where Johns opened tha conversa
tion about hfs troubles with the Post
office Department. Ryan waa proceeding
to repeat the conversation that took place
when the two were alone in a room in
Terre Haute when he waa Interrupted by
an objection from Rulison to the witness
testifying as to what Johns had said con
cerning Miller's statements. Ryan was
testifying that Johns claimed to be close
to Miller and able to advise Ryan aa to
what Miller had said could or would be
done in the pending case. Rulison ob
jected to connecting Miller in a con
spiracy before any conspiracy had been
established.
Hiss Lily Neumann to Wed.
PANAMA, Oct. 13.— According to news
received here from Central America,
President Zelaya of Nicaragua and Presi
dent Estrado Cabrera of Guatemala are
preparing: to declare war against Salva
dor and Honduras. Ten thousand Guat
emalan soldiers, with a powerful force of
artillery, are reported to be marching:
toward the Salvadoran frontier. At Santa
Ana, thirty-five miles northwest of San
Salvador, a Salvadoran army is being
organized under General Regalado. Many
war elements have been transported from
the port of Acajutla to La Union, which
is near the Nicaraguan frontier.
Nicaraguan emigrants are receiving
arms from General Regalado, which have
been transported to Arnapala. .
It is reported that Salvador and Hon
duras will back the liberal movement In
Nicaragua, headed by Dr. Francisco
Baca, against President Zelaya.
All Central Amer
ica to Engage
in War.
REPUBLICS
ARE WEARY
OF PEACEHerman Lesser
Will sell men's all-wool suits, regular
J10 and $13 values, for $6 95, at 915 Market
street, opposite Mason. •
VAIXEJO. Oct. 13.— The eteamer Corcoran
recently purchased by Piper. Goodall, Aden &
Co. for service on the route between Valleio
and San Francisco, arrived here this morning.
It Is likely that the steamer will be fitted to
burn oil. The Corcoran Is a stern-wheeler 260
feet long, and provided . with powerful ma
chinery. Her name has been chanrad t<\ rtvar
YOKOHAMA, Sept. 29, via Victoria, B
C. Oct. 13.— The funeral of the late Com
mander Hughes of the U. S. S. Annapolis
who died at the United States Naval Hos
pital at Yokohama on September 26, was
held with all naval honors. An escort
of two hundred blue Jackets attended
Christ Church, which was crowded. The
coflin was covered with wreaths. The
French warship Gugeaud sent a com
pany of sailors. The body will be
cremated and the ashes sent to America.
Funeral of Commander Hughes.
Mob Takes Possession of Cathedral.
ST. PETERSBURG, Oct. 13.— Further
serious disturbances in connection with
the transfer of Armenian church proper
ty to the Government occurred at Nak
hitchevan, Trans-Caucasia, . on October
12. A mob took possession of the ca
thedral there and drove out the elders.
Cossacks charged the crowd and numbers
of persons were injured. ¦
VENTURA, Oct. 13.— The Ventura Light
and Power Company has announced that
Ventura and Oxnard will be supplied with
natural gas for fuel purposes. During the
past two months a drilling rig crew has
been ' developing gas territory In Ventura
River bottom, two and a half miles north
of Ventura. From four wells they have
secured a flow of over 25.000 feet per day
of . excellent gas. A gas system will be
immediately installed.
Wells Will Furnish the Gas.
To Investigate Oriental Slave Trade.
HONOLULU, Oct. 13.— Judge Estee con
vened the October term of the Federal
Court to-day. The Grand Jury was
charged and especially Instructed to in
vestigate the Oriental slave trade and ail
violations of the Immigration laws. Unit
ed States District Attorney Breckons has
a dozen Japanese . slavery cases on his
budget and a great effort will be made to
secure the punishment of the offenders
An effort has been made in the past to
start a Mormon colony here- and 'the
Grand Jury wlil ¦ look into the matter of
the violation of the Edmunds law.
BERLIN, Oct. 13.— A number of would
be lynchers at Bamburg surrounded the
carriage in which guards were taking
Andreas Dlppold to the penitentiary to
begin his sentence of eight years for
whipping to death Heinze Koch, non of
the director of tho Deutsch Bank.
The mob almost succeeded in getting
possession of Dippold when the guards
fixed bayonets and drove their assailants
oft. Dippold was struck in the back by
a piece of metal.
Dippold was young Koch's tutor.
Charge the Crowd With Fixed Bayo
nets and Then Hurry Intended
Victim to Jail.
GUARDS SAVE PRISONER
FROM GERMAN LYNCHERS
Indian Woman Born at a Famous
Mission Passes Away jj
Suddenly.
LOS ANGELES. Oct. 13.— Mrs. Marie
Lena Garcia, an Indian woman who wes
born at Ban Luis Rey Mission in 1795,
Is dead at Wilmington, where she was
visiting friends. For 108 years Mrs. Gar
cia had lived in California, surviving
two husbands and her nine children, all
of the latter having been killed in the
great earthquake early in the nineteenth
century. ;;A
DIES WHEN HER YEARS
OUTMEASURE THE CENTURY
NEW YORK, Oct. 13.— Commercial bar
ellver to-day touched the highest point
established In years, 2Sd per ounce In Lon
don and 60%c and 60%c here. The advance
abroad is equal to %d, as compared with
yesterday's closing.
The Treasury Department has purchased
1,000,000 ounces of silver Bullion for de
livery at the San Francisco Mint for the
Philippine coinage at 60.125c per ounce,
the highest price that has yet lxen paid.
The New York market for silver reflects
the price established In London, where
the market has been strong for several
months, the advance being attributed in
great measure to demand from India and
to purchases by the United States Govern
ment for Philippine account.
Increase Is Attributed to Demand
From India and Purchases by
the United States.
COMMERCIAL BAR SILVER
SCORES ANOTHER ADVANCE
Among the local colony there are some
veterans of the Japanese army who have
seen hard fighting in the battles of their
country. Among these Is Sergeant Major
N. .Toura, a veteran of Formosa, Yalu,
Taku. Tientsin and Peking. He served
ten years in the army, and Is enrolled In
the veteran reserves. He said that in
case of war with Russia he would have
to go home at once, and he acknowledged
"expecting" such order. The editor of
the Japanese paper also professed ig
norance when questioned, but admitted
that he expected ; the news.
FRESNO, Oct. 13.— There was much ex
citement to-day among the Japanese
here, and according to a well-founded
rumor it was caused by the receipt of an
edict from tho Japanese Government or
dering all reserves, naval and military,
to return to Japan by the first steamer
leaving San Francisco.
Report of Receipt of a Government
Edict Causes Fluster.
FRESNO JAPANESE EXCITED.
SAN DIEGO. Oct. 12.-The murder of
Frank Roberts at Brawley some weeks
since bids fair to remain a mystery.
Sheriff. Broadnax Bays the authorities
have not succeeded In capturing the mur
derer, and are almost absolutely without
a clew. He says that robbery was un
doubtedly the object, and that Roberts
was shot from behind.
It was well known in the district where
Roberts lived that he had money and had
several times shown a large amount of
bills at the hotel. Three hundred and
seventy-five dollars was found In his
shack after the crime had been commit
ted, and it is reasonable to suppose that
he had considerable money on his person
when killed. He had no friends or ac
quaintances in the district, having re
cently come there from Idaho and pur
chased 320 acres of land.
Crime at Brawley in San Diego
County Continues to Perplex
Officers. Z
AUTHORITIES AT SEA
IN A MURDER MYSTERY
Russia is now transporting 60,000 troops,
nurses and hospital supplies to the Far
East. The present strength of the Rus
sian army there is reliably reported to be
283,000 men. Officers detailed for duty in
the Orient have been forbidden to take
their wives.
ST. PETERSBURG, Oct. 13.— The For
eign Ofilce says it has no official confir
mation of the reported disembarkation of
Japanese troops at Masanpho. Regard
ing Manchuria, the Foreign Office says
that the question is at present closed.
The existing situation Is the fault of the
Chinese, Japanese and British. If China
desired to reopen the negotiations and ac
cept certain ' conditions the situation
could still be changed, as Russia is not
rooted to the soil and could leave If she
liked.
Already Has Nearly Three Hundred
Thousand Hen in Far Bast.
RUSSIA SENDS MORE TROOPS.
Epecial Diepateh to The CalL
BT. PAUL, Mlxuu. Oct 13. — Caldwell
Hardy, president of the American Bank
ers" Association, arrived In St. Paul this
evening: on his private car over the Bur- 1
lir-gton route. Hardy Is on his way to
the convention of bankers, to be held at
Ban Frarxisco, and left to-night over the
Great Northern for Portland. Asked
ebout his opinion of the financial condi
tion of the United States, Hardy said:
I think the financial condition of the coun
try can well be said to be in a better et&to at
present than ever before. The greatest
trouble lle» la the orer-promotlon of business
Interests, and should this continue tc« are sure
to f*«I the result in a period of depression.
f?teel stocks now give a marked example of
cv( r-promotlon.
I have no fears at al) for the financial
world of this country as a balance Is pretty
certain to be maintained between thoe* who
The Turkish proposals for the repat
riation of the refugees meets with a posi
tive refusal from the fugitives to return
to Macedonia and place themselves under
the control of the Turks.
Three hundred and fifty refugees from
Malkoternovo have j arrived at Hibibt-
Bchevo, and 200 women and children from
Resovo, vilayet of Adrlanople, have
reached Yamboull.
The general situation Is unchanged.
Fear is expressed in many quarters that
the Turks will oppose the application of
the Austro-Russian reform plans.
Turkish troops recently discovered a
hiding place of Insurgents and refugees
in the mountains in the vicinity of Ok
hrida. twenty-eight miles from Monastir,
and routed them after several days of
fighting. The Turks used artillery. The
pursuit of the refugees is said to have
been accompanied by great severity and
the murder of many children and non
combatants is alleged.
SOFIA, Bulgaria, Oct. 13.— A band of
seventy insurgents, caught near the fron
tier by Bulgarian troops, was sent to
Sofla yesterday. The. passage of bands
across the frontier has become increas
ingly difficult, owing to- precautions of
the Government and the Increase In the
number of frontier guards. • -
The inspector-general, Ililml Pasha, In
concert with the mixed commission, Is
arranging to rebuild the homes which
were destroyed, using Government funds.
The reconstruction is proceeding, how
ever, under numerous difficulties.
MONASTIR, Monday, October 12, (via
Salonlca, Oct. 13).— This district is set
tling down. The insurgents have been
routed and practically annihilated in the
Perlsterl mountains, though their strong
hold is still the meeting place of what
lnsurrectioninsts remain in the region.
Chakalaroff, the insurgent leader, Is at
large In the Kastoria district, but most
of the peasants who accompanied him
have surrendered.
NEW YORK, Oct. 13— The Greater New
York Democracy of Staten Island has de
cided to- withdraw Its support from the
fusion ticket and indorse- the regular
Democratic nominees. The organization
opposed Tammany two years ago and Its
members worked and voted for the fus
ion ticket.
A temporary Democratic organization
was formed to-night to fight Tammany
Hall and to support Mayor Low and the
fusion ticket. At the meeting addresses
were made by District Attorney Jerome
and former Congressman Campbell.
Staten Island Will Stand by
Tammany Hall.
WITHDRAWS ITS SUPPORT
FROM THE FUSION TICKET
Greater New York Democracy of
Death. Calls a Prominent Snortsxnan.
MARYSVILLE, Oct. 13,-The death of L
N. Aldrlch occurred here to-day. Ho
came to Marysville in 1864 and was one
of the best known residents in this sec
tion. In early days he had charge of the
pressrooms of the Marysville Appeal and
later gained prominence as an energetic
Deputy Sheriff. He was a gTeat lover of
dogs and guns and will be remembered by
many of the old-time sportsmen through
out the northern part of tho State. He
was Justice of the Peace for Marysvill(?
Township at the time of his death.
The Frankfurter Zeltung, whose sen
sational announcement of the occupa
tion of Masanpho by Japan yesterday
occasioned disquiet, to-day published a
telegram from Shanghai saying there was
no confirmation of the reported occupa
tion of that place, adding that the Rus
so-Japanese negotiations at Tokio, con
cerning the evacuation of Manchuria,
gave the Impression that the political
situation in Japan was quiet.
The Koenische Zeltung also prints a
reassuring telegram from St. Petersburg,
repeating a telegram from Port Arthur,
stating that Viceroy Alexleff has issued
a contradiction of the reported y move
ments of Japanese troops to Korea, The
telegram adds that the reports circulated
on tho subject are evidently only in
tended to serve the purpose of specula
tion and provoke disquiet.
A special dispatch from Rome says that
forty-five Japanese officers who have
been studying in the military academies
at Raccogini and Modena have been
called to Japan by telegraph.
Turks Clear Monastir
District of the Mace
donians.
President of Bankers'
Association Gives
His Views.
BALKANS REVOLT
ALMOST QUELLED
Continued From. Page 1, Column. 4.
DOES NOT FEAR
A MONEY PANIC
NEW YORK, Oct. 13. — More than a
hundred Eastern bankers and friends left
hero to-day In a special train over the
New Vcrk Central read to attend the
annual meeting of the American 13arh
cr*' /.ffcociatlon. to b-j held In San Fran
cisco from October 20 to 23. Among those
who will make the trip on this train,
which was provided for by the New
York city group of the New York State
Bankers' Association, are Ellis If. Rpb
erts. Treasurer of the United States;
William B. RIdgley, Comptroller of the
Currency, and many prominent banking
men of New York and the East.
The Itinerary of more than 7500 miles
has been arranged to give a fast run to
the coast and a more leisurely return
Jo'irney after the convention, permitting
sight seeing In Del Monte, Santa Barbara,
Los Angeles and other California cities,
a day at the Grand Canyon of the Colo
rado, and stops at Santa Fe, Las Vegas,
BL Louis and other points of Interest,
returning to New York November 4. Ar
rangements have been made for a stop
at Salt Lake on the outward Journey and
a recital on the great tabernacle organ.
want to risk «veirthlnir and those who are too
conservative. The outJook Is certainly en
couraging'.
Entertains the Members, Attorneys
and Attaches of the Alaskan
Boundary Commission.
1 IX>XDON, Oct. 13.— With what Secre
tary Root described as "all the cere
monies and regalia which from childhood
have been more a fairyland than a real
land to all Americans" the members, coun
sel and attaches of the Alaskan boundary
(.tribunal were entertained by the Lord
Mayor of London, Sir Marcus Samuel, at
a banauet at the Mansion House to
night. Almost all those associated with
the case now in the balance from Lord
Chief Justice Alverstone down, were pres
ent, though Attorney Finlay and Sir Ed
ward Carson were notable absentees.
The. Lord Mayor proposed the health of
President Roosevelt while the band
played '"The Star-Spangled Banner."
Then his Lordship proposed the toast of
"The Alaskan Boundary Tribunal," with
which he coupled the names of Lord Al
verstone, Secretary Root and Sir Louis
Jette. He declared that the present
method of the submission to a tribunal
of a dangerous dispute between two great
naUons would be a lasting lesson of peace
to the world.
I/OBD MAYOR OF LONDON
IS HOST AT A BANQUET
OAKLAND. Oct. 13.— Information reach
ed Oakland to-day that Dennis McCarthy
and his shotgun brigade, who are hold
ing the fort in Contra Costa County,
just over the Berkeley line, against the
graders of the Santa Fe Railroad, still
occupy tho point of vantage In the con
test. "Yesterday the graders completed
their work on the north side of Mc-
Carthy's property. This morning they
skipped the property and commenced
operations on the south Bide of the land.
This leaves McCarthy and his sharp
shooters In possession of the disputed
property. McCarthy says the Santa Fe
graders can't go on his land until the
company buys from him the right of
way. The statement was made to-day
that the railroad people will take the
matter Into court.
With His Shotgun Brigade, He Pre
vents Graders From Encroach
ing on Property.
McCarthy ktiit. defies
the santa fe raelboad
PARIS, Oct. 13.— Helen K. Irish, the dl
•vorced wife of Chevalier Trezza dl
Muselk, president of the Italian Cham
ber of Commerce here, attempted to shoot
the chevalier in front of the opera house
as the audience was leaving. The cause
of the woman's attempt to murder the
chevalier was his refusal to divulge the
whereabouts of their child.
SAX MATEO, Oct. 13.— The trustees of
the San Mateo High School district have
Issued a call for an election to be held
November 14 to decide upon the Issuance
of $23,000 In school bonds. There will b<5
forty-six bonds of tha denomination of
5500 each to bear Interest at tha rate of 6
per cent per annum. Three bonds will
run one year and three two years. There
after they will be canceled at the rate of
five bonds each year to the tenth, at
which time all must be taken up.
The object of the bond issue Is to pay
off the indebtedness on the school prop
erty amounting to $23,000, drawing interest
at 5 per cent. The Indebtedness falls due
in four Installments terminating In July.
1904. Payment can only be met by the Is
suance of bonds, when the entire debt will
be paid in a lump sum and interest »£.rei
thereby. There has been no evidence cf
any opposition and the measure will go
thiough.
¦ ? ¦
Divorced Wife Attempts Murder.
HIGH SCHOOIi TRUSTEES
WANT ISSUE OP BONDS
Effort Will Be Made in San Mateo
to Pay 03 a Pressing
Debt. •
EXPECTS AMERICA TO ACT,
By midnight, however, the troops and
police had gained 1:he upper hand and dis
persed the mob. The streets are now de
serted except for the armed patrols. The
authorities are taking measures to ascer
tain the names of the ringleaders in the
riots. As a result of the intervention of
the Prefect the Etrike leaders have decid
ed to submit the employers' terms to a
referendum of the workmen to-morrow.
One gang set fire to a large quantity of
linen in the cellars of Messrs. Eecquarts'
factory. Others broke the windows of
houses and threw burning straw inside.
The troops, hampered by the obstruc
tions thrown in their way by the rioters,
were for a long time unable to disperse
the. mob.
Finally a determined charge by lancers
restored temporary quiet.
After dark the rioters tore up the sewer
gratings and paving stones and stretched
wires across the streets. Women brought
piles of empty bottles for use as missiles,
while boya swarmed up the lamp posts
and extinguished the gas jets. In spite
of the efforts of the soldiers the rioters
then proceeded to sack tho houses, drag
ging out the furniture, saturating It with
petroleum and setting fire to It in the
street. Fire was put to two houses be
longing to the strikers' employers and one
big factory. The local fire brigade being
inadequate to cope with the conflagra
tions, an urgent appeal was sent to the
neighboring town of Lille, where a steam
pump and reinforcements of firemen were
sent.
ARMENTIERES. North France, Oct 18.
— This town was to-day given up to riot,
pillage and incendiarism as a consequence
of the weavers' strike. Nothing this
morning foretold the serious disturbances
about to occur, but at noon the strikers,
not receiving answers -to their demands
from the employers, broke out into the
wildest excesses. A mob of 6000 gathered
in'the great square and urged the troops
stationed there to throw down their arms,
shouting: "Down .with patriotism."
The rioters then spread through tSe
principal streets, breaking the windows" of
the stores, dragging out the huge display
rolls of linen, which they stretched across
the streets .with the object of impeding
the advance of the cavalry. They wrecked
shops, sacked the houses of persons ob
noxious to the ringleaders and attacked
the banks, from two of which they suc
ceeded in stealing a few hundred dollars
from the tills.
How important the military informa
tion concerning Venezuela would be to
the United States, if there la to be a re
sumption of trouble" between the South
American republic andyits powerful for
eign creditors, Is very apparent. It Is
realized here that should Venezuela re
pudiate her pledges to pay the claims of
European nations a more serious condi
tion would ensue than that which pre
vailed when' England and her allies were
blockading the Venezuelan ports. It is
believed that In this event a "peace"
blockade would not bo enough to satisfy
national honor.
Word has been received here that the
Spanish Minister has withdrawn from
Caracas in a huff on account of alleged
illtreatment in connection with the set
tlement of Spain's claim against Venezue
la. Information has come to this Gov
ernment, also, within the past forty
eight hours that the foreign legations in
Caracas are greatly excited over reports
that President Castro has been pocket
ing part of the 30 per cent of customs re
ceipts of the ports of La Guayra and
Puerto Cabello, which, under the proto
cols signed in Washington this year, must
be set aside monthly until such time as
the Tribunal of Arbitration, now in ses
sion at The Hague, directs how it shall
be divided among Venezuela's natural
creditors.
Reports which have been coming to the
Government for several months from of
ncial sources in Venezuela represent that
the prospect for a continuance of peace
between that nation and European powers
which have claims against it is by no
means assured.
"WASHINGTON, Oct. 13: — Captain
Chauncey B. Humphrey of th» Third In
fantry and First Lieutenant Ernest V.
Murphy of the Twenty-seventh Infantry
arrived in Washington to-day from Vene
zuela and the Isthmus of Panama,
whither they had been sent on an import*
ant military mission. They went directly
from the railroad station, to the division
of military information, the secret service
branch of the War Department, and sub
mitted an oral report. Afterward they
went to a hotel, but repeated efforts to
see them there and at other places proved
unavailing.
While preserving: discreet silence con
cerning the nature and significance of the
mission intrusted to Captain Humphrey
and Lieutenant Murphy officials who are
familiar with the instructions given' to
them admit that it was exceedingly imr
portant. They went to Venezuela in
June, going directly into the interior of
the country and making a thorough ex
amination of affairs into which they had
been directed to inquire. Afterward they
went .to the isthmus of Panama, where
they spent a week in obtaining informa
tion which the department was very anx
ious to procure.
Special Dispatch to Tbe Call.
Castro's High-Handed Methods Hot
Conducive to a Continuance
of the Present
Peace.
Shops Are Wrecked, Streets Torn "Op,
Lights Extinguished, House's
Sacked and Banks Bobbed
of Coin in the Tills.
Attempt to Burn Factories
and the Homes of Their
.Employers.
European Powers May Re
new Blockade of the
Secret Military Com
mission Reports in
Washington.
Strikers at Armentieres
Defy Police and
Guards.
RIOTING MOB
SETS FIRE TO
FRENCH TOWN
ALARMING
OUTLOOK IN
VENEZUELA
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, OCTOBER 14, 1903.
2
_^_^ DR. KILMER'S SWAMP-BOOT.
Test for Yo^selfirWoierful
Curative Properties of Swamp-Boot
To Prove What Swamp-Root, the World-Fatnous Kidney, Liver and Bladder
Remedy, Will do For YOU, Every Reader of The Call May "
Have a Sample Bottle FREE.
\Jfjl W i l L I AM MOOR M| | i \*^Flr ROL MaJH* V IP 1^' H: FRED EN BUR gWO*^
L | C H I F r ' -* I Iff . lA lil L PQun Q P ** A M - , -*
GENTLEMEN : — Some two years ago I was so run down that I lacked strength, had no ap-
petite and could not sleep nights. Sometimes it seemed as though my back would break in two
after stooping. I had to get up many times during the night to urinate and go often through the day.
After having the best physicians prescribe for me without relief, I decided from my symptoms that
the medicine I needed was Dr. Kilmer's Swamp-Root, the great kidney, liver and bladder remedy.
After trying a sample bottle with good results I purchased six bottles of the regular size, and after
taking them was entirely cured. Swamp- Root is a wonderful remedy when a man is not feeling
well, after exposure or loss of sleep and irregular meals. It is also a great medicine to tone up a
man's system. Other members of the Police force are using and recommending Swamp-Root. They,
like myself, cannot say too much in praise of this great remedy.
The officers (whose signatures accompany this letter), as well as myself, thank you for the
good you have accomplished in the compounding of Swamp-Root.
We remain, yours vesy truly,
To Dr. Kilmer & CoJ 11 ' J~ '/ , . 1/ ' ' xA/* 6d( O^-clwi^-MAsC) « ftmM . mllT1
Binshamton. *. Tl >?-££— — A(<r»*C~ Chief of Police. '
Officers of the Binghamton, N. T., Police Department. S/J&&GL, - m
If you are Eick or "feel badly," begin taking the famous Unhealthy kidneys cause rheumatism, gravel, catarrh of tho
cew discovery. Dr. Kilmer's Swamp-Root, because as soon as bladder, pain or dull ache in the back, joints and muscles;
your kifineys are well they will help all the other orgtuis to make your head ache and back ache: cause indigestion,
health. A trial will convince any one stomach and liver trouble; you get a eallovs-, yellow complex-
Weak and unhealthy kidneys are "responsible for more £*? &?£ ilT^^ ITa
Elckness and suffering than any other disease, therefore, waste away.
when through neglect or other causes kidney trouble is per- Swamp-Root Is pleasant to take and is u?ed in the leading
I 11 £? }° «. CO * 1£ e results are sure to follow. Kidney hospitals, recommended by physicians in their private prac-
trouble Irritates the nerves, makes you dizzy, restless, -sleep- tice and Is taken by doctors themselves, because they recqg- I
JTA1 . * Jrrttable. Makes you pass water often through the nize in it the greatest and most successful remedy that sci-
<iay ar.d obliges you to ret up many times during the night. ' ence has ever been able to compound. r*-"^"> "i<«- sci
EDITOBXAX NOTICE— Swamp-Root, the great kidney, liver and bladder remedy, is so remarkably successful that a
epecial arrangement has been made by which all of our readers who have not already tried it mav bave a sample bottle
rent absolutely free by mail Also a book telling all about kidney and bladder troubles and containing many of the thou-
rur.ds upon thousands of testimonial letters received from men and women cured by Swamp-Root. In writing be sure and
mention that you read this generous offer in San Francisco Daily Call when sending your address to Dr. Kilmer & Co.
• lf . yo w a^ e alrea^>' convinced that Swamp-Root Is what you need, you can purchase the regular flftv-cent and one-dol-
lar size b<Htles at the drug etores everywhere. Don't make any mistake, but remember the nam^ Swamo-^oot - Dr
Kllmer-s Swamp-Rcot. and the address. Binghamton. N. T., on every bottle. swamp-itoot — ur. ,
ADVERTISEMENTS.
JFine Imported ijf
Hosiery lil
25c a pair 4^
• For a few days we shall have a sale of fine I II
imported hosiery from Saxony at 25c a pair. ||
There are four different kinds, as enu- II
merated betow. They are seamless and fast I
colored, designed for comfort and durability I
as well as style. ' |
Embroidered silk hose in black figured jj
designs. . jj
Lace open-work hose in black, tan and f|
Cassimere hose in silver gray, drab and black; 11
light or medium weight. ||
Woolen hose, in brown and tan, heavy 1 1
-r^ weight, for winter wear. * Bjj
I^^Jg^ All the above are 25c a P ,.. jM W
.. ••EEZg^.-- P air - Better lay in a supply. |p|§||
||||§i| Out-of-town orders filied— fp^llf
\ J|f 5fl\V00P&(JD ¦lir ;
J^M^ 740 Maf ket Street Jpl%v
\ ADVEBTIS^-arpiyrS.
This Week $2.4-5
A BIG, COMFORTABLE, SOLID OAK, GOLDEN OR MAHOG-
ANY FINISHED ROCKER. WIDE PANEL BACK, BROAD
SPREADING ARMS AND HOLLOWED WOOD SEAT.
A STRONG CHAIR, NICELY FINISHED— AND COMFORTABLE.
SPECIAL WHILE THEY LAST, $2.45.
••The Credit House" 233-235-237 Post, St.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
"Fairlj Sparkling in Beer Goodness"
w«s!GOOD clUDGES <„
OF BEER, DECLARE
Superior from all points et
view; Possessing' absolute pur-
ity, proper ag-a and Honest
riavcr. Adapted to all tastei
ecccrdlngr to Brew and Brand.
EIPC2T WEIER PEI7ATE STOCK MtJEICHESER
Ask lor "BLATZ" at Club or Bar.
YAL BLATZ BREWING CO., MILWAUKEE
Braunschwelger & Co., inc.
5 and 7 DRUUM ST.. San Francisco.
Tel. SJain 1MB. Wholesai* Dealers.
ueAools <znd Colleges,
LEADING BUSINESS COLLEGE OF THE
WEST. 24 Poet et., Saa Francisco, Cal..
Established 40 years. Open entire year.
Write for Illustrated catalogue (free).Jail Opens for Man Whose
Wife Died Unattended
by Doctors.
Magnetic Conditions of the
Earth Are Noticeably
Affected.
Interesting Decision by
New York Court of
Appeals.
Observers Say They Are
Condensing Into
Two Groups.
LAW OPPOSES
THE FAITH CUBE
SPOTS ON SUN
LESS NUMEROUS
SAN DIEGO. Oct. 13.— A. V. Lorrtell. the
Mexican Consul at this place, received notice
from his Government to-day that he has been
transferred to the consulate at Laredo, Tex.
lie will leave for bis new post In a few days.
Ohio Court Issues Sweeping Injunc
tion in a Boycotting Case.
HAMILTON, O., Oct. 13- T Judge J. G.
Belden to-day granted one' of the most
sweeping Injunctions ever issued by an
Ohio court. It was directed against the
Hamilton Typographical Union, the Ham
ilton Co-operative Trades and Labor
Council and. the Nonpareil Printing Com
pany,' publishers of the County Trade
organ. The defendants are enjoined
from continuing a boycott on the Repuo
llcan News, or firms which advertise In
It, and order that interference of every
UNIONS ARE ENJOINED.
VICTORIA, B. C. Oct. 13.— The steamer
Cottage City, reported disabled in the
north, arrived here this evening under
her own steam, her engineers having
made temporary repairs. The low-pres
sure cylinder had broke, filling the en
gine-room with steam, and the rods, pis
tons, etc., loosened as a result, causing
quite a break-up before the engineers
were able to shut off steam.
Disabled Cottage City Arrives.
CHICAGO, Oct. 13. — A ' race against
death, which Walter H. Field of Port
land, Me., was making, came to an end
as a Santa Fe train entered Chicago to
day. Field had been in Carlsbad, N. M.,
taking treatment for tuberculosis. Find,
ing the end near, he began a hurried
trip East In the hope of dying at his old
home. He could hardly speak as he
boarded the train at Kansas City last
night and when the porter sought to
arouse him to-day he was found dead.
Loses in a Race Against Death.
"It Is, therefore, not unnatural that a
reaction has set in," he continues, "and
that the notion prevails that ail 'differ
ences in disputes between employers and
workmen can or must' be adjusted by
arbitration."
Although seeing flaws In the plan of
arbitration as submitted by the employ
ers, Gompers approves of it on the whole,
particularly in the elimination of the
purely sympathetic strike, which Is a
weapon, he says, that has been brought
into play to such extremes for entirely in
sufficient reasons that even Its advocates
now deprecate its use.
NEW YORK, Oct. 13.-I n a letter to
the building trades unions of this city
and vicinity, made public to-night Sam
uel Gompers. president of the American
Federation of Labor, and James Duncan,
secretary, have recommended that the
unions agree to the plan of arbitration of
the Employers' Association. This action,
which comes, after Gompers' investiga
tion of the labor situation in this city, is
considered a defeat for the building trades
unions which have refused to sign the
plan of arbitration. It Is recommended
that the, unions which have signed -the
agreement insist upon the disbandment of
cuch organizations as have been Instituted
recently as rivals to the previously ex
isting unions of the trade. Gompers also
recommends that the unions be lenient
with the members of the rival organiza
tions and afford them an opportunity to
join the union ranks.
FATAL, Azores, Oct. 13.— The American
whaler Joseph Manta has been wrecked
on the Island of Pico, one of the Azores
group, and all on board were lost. She
hailed from Provincetown, Mass.,' ' and
carried a crew of fifteen men.
PROVINCETOWN, , Mass. . Oct. 13.— The
Manta was called the best whaler that
ever fitted from this port, and was named
for her owner of this place. She was
commanded by Captain J. C. Frates,
whose home was In 1 Fayal, where he
leaves a wife. The crew were all Cape
Verde and Azore Islanders.
The Manta left Provincetown in Decem
ber of 1900 for a three years' cruise in
the North Atlantic. Since sailing she
has landed about 1900 barrels of sperm
oil at the Western Islands for shipment
to this country. .
Urges Building Trades
\ to Call Off Their
Strike.
The Joseph Manta Lost
With Her Crew of
Fifteen Men.
Warden of Folsom Declares That He '
Had No Intimation of
WTXKINSON TESTIFIES
ABOUT PRISON BREAK
Conspiracy. • *
SACRAMENTO, Oct. 13.— Thomas Wil
kinson, Warden of the State prison at
Folsom, waa the principal witness to-day
at the preliminary examination of John
Wood and James Murphy, convicts
charged with the murder of Guard Wil
liam Cotter In the break of July last.
The Warden gave a graphic description
of the assault upon the office of Cap
tain Murphy. He told how the armory
was robbed of guns and ammunition, and
how the officers were taken from the
prison grounds under threat of being
killed by convicts armed with knives. He
testified that his relations with the
subordinate officers had been very friend
ly. He did not know there had been a
conspiracy, but realized that one had
been formed when he saw the armed
convicts rush Into the captain's office.
sort with the company's business must
stop. .
The boycott was to force the plaintiff
to unionize and abandon Its open shop
policy.
POISON FOUND IN WATER.
Sudden Illness of Militiamen at Camp
> El Paso Is Now Explained.
CRIPPLE CREEK, Colo., Oct. 13.— City
Chemist F. H. Martin of Colorado
Springs has analyzed the drinking water
which caused the.illnes3 of sixty-eight
militiamenfat Camp El Paso last Thurs
day, finding that cobalt was present in
the proportion of one and one-half grains
to each gallon of water.
"We are convinced from the result of
the examination," said Dr. P. O. Hanford,
surgeon-general of the National Guard,
"that the poison was placed In the water
by persons unknown."
DENVER, Oct. 13. — Governor Peabody
to-day instructed Colonel Edward Ver
deckberg, the officer In command of the
troops , at Cripple Creek, to reduce the
force there to 500 men. Nearly 500 men
will be relieved from duty at once.
GOMPERS ADVISES
NEW YORK UNIONS
DISASTER ENDS
WHALING CRUISE
LONDON, Oct. 13.— Colonial Secre
tary Lyttelton issued an election
address to his constituents at
Warwick and Leamington to-day,
In which he says he Is in entire
agreement with the fiscal changes which
Mr. Balfour and Mr. Chamberlain to
gether advocate. Llttelton holds that
the Government should be enabled to mit
igate the inequality of foreign competi
tion and to negotiate effectively for a
reduction of foreign tariffs on British
goods, by having the power to Impose
taxation on foreign manufacturers.
The Colonial Secretary is convinced
that the empire should be further knit
ted together by strengthening the com
mercial ties of its various parts by prefer
ential tariffs and to secure closer ties with
the colonies Involved a readjustment of
the taxes on food, peculiarly affecting the
poorer classes, who should therefore have
a full opportunity to minutely and delib
erately consider the matter. It should,
therefore, be distinctly understood that
there is no proposal to Impose preferen
tial tariffs for the colonies without fur
ther reference to the electorate.
Joseph Chamberlain is confined to his
bed at Highbury, his residence at Bir
mingham, by a sharp attack of his old
enemy, gout. He hopes to have suffi
ciently recovered tb'keeo his Newcastle
engagement on October 20.
Lord Rosebery spoke to-night at Shef
field, whither he went In order to definite
ly record his opposition to Chamberlain's
fiscal policy. He was greeted with th-3 ut
most enthusiasm by an immense audi
ence, which he held in rapt attention for
an hour and a half.
Lord Rosebery delivered a characteris
tic speech of brilliant rhetorical denuncia
tion of protection, interspersed with clover
and caustic allusions to Chamberlain and
the predicament in which he had placed
the Government.
Lord Rosebery delivered a characteris
fute Chamberlain's contentions by argu
ment, statistics or a detailed examination
of his proposals. He confined himself to
generalizations. He evoked applause by
describing Chamberlain as the real head
or- the present Government.
In reference to Balfour's attempts to
gag parliamentary discussion of the fiscal
problems, he said:
"You cannot prevent a storm by sitting
on the barometer."
SANTA CRUZ. Oct. 13.— Mrs. J. W.
Haesters, wife of the proprietor of Villa
Fontenoy. in the Santa Cruz Mountains,
died this morning from carbolic acid poi
soning. She had been 111 for some time
and ended her life.
Acid Causes Woman's Death.
JOSEPH CHAMBERLAIN'S SUCCESSOR IN THE BRITISH CABINET,
WHO IS IN ACCORD WITH HIS PREDECESSOR'S VIEWS ON THE
QUESTION OF THE FISCAL POLICY.
S Washington — Henry O. Fry, Cosmopolls. as
signor one-half to E. A. Stover, Portland,
gauging and counting attachment for wood
working machines; Sabln A. Gibbs, Tacoma,
motor- George D. Potter. Spokane, breech and
loading break-down gun.
WASHINGTON*. Oct. 13.— Postofflces to be
discontinued October 31: California — Alexan
der. Valley,- Sonoma County, mail go«s to
GevBcrville. Oregon— Lake. Coos County, mall
poes to TempletonJ Verboort. Washington
County, mail goes to Forest Grove; Logan,
Redland and Viola. Clackamas County, mall
Eoes to Oregon City.
Postmasters commissioned: California
Frederick J. Wheeler, Mono. Washington —
Robert Murray, Sllverton Fourth class post
master appointed— California, Frank P.
Bruner. Hedges, San Diego County, vice How
ell N, Baker, resigned.
Navy orders — Surgeon W. F. Arnold, de
tached for treatment at the Naval Hospital
at Mare Island, Is to go home on three
months' sick leave. Army order — Major Guy
L. Edle goes from Columbus Barracks. Ohio,
to San Francisco, thence to the Philippines.
• The following patents were Issued to-day:
California — John H. Adams, Alameda, hydraulic
elevator; W. J. Bell, assignor one-half to L.
F. Mobs. Los Angeles, street railway switch;
Frederick E. Brooks, assignor to Brooks-Grant
Roller Bearing Company, San Francisco, roller
bearing; E. C. Chapman, assignor to Standard
Bottle Closure Company, Los Angeles, closure;
Robert F. Covert, Sallda. snap hook; William
H. Fletcher, Capltola. a burglar alarm: James
H. Gray, gold-saving apparatus for dredging
machines (reissue) ; B. H. Grten, Los Angeles,
steam boiler: Howard Harris, assignor one
half to W. J. Gorham. San l i% ranciseo, vehicle
wheel rim: Frederick W. Jones, Santa Paula,
hydraulic indicator: Theodore W. Lowe, Stock
ton, windmill: Walter J. Mathews, Oakland,
columbarium cell: John McDermott, West
Berkeley, air draft heater; Mllo E. Rice. Los
Angeles, adjustable window shade fixture; Le
roy Robertson, assignor two-thirds to J. Yule
and L. W. Fors-tir.*. Oakland, combination
cane; Edwin Wadey. Los Anseles. window
sash: William A. Williams. San Francisco,
flushing tank; Charles R. Wilson, San Fran
cisco fruit pulp machine.
Oregon— Joseph G. Evans, Baker City, draft
equalizing clevis; Stanton Ray. assignor one
half to T. Taylor, Portland. Joint support (re
issue).
and California Are to Be
Discontinued.
Several Small Postoffices in Oregon
OF INTEREST TO PEOPLE
OF THE PACIFIC COAST
HONOLULU, Oct. 7.— John McCabe. a
school teacher at Heela, yesterday as
saulted his wife with a razor and cut off
her nose. McCabe has been a teacher in
the department for many years. He is
believed to have been temporarily insane
when he made the assault.
Insane Man Cuts Off Wife's Nose.
Some months ago his health began to
be seriously impaired, and he was re
lieved of the active work of the arch
diocese by Bishop Glenntn of Kansas
City, who was appointed as his coadjutor.
John Joseph Kain was born ,of Irish
parentage at Martinsburg, Berkeley
County, West Virginia, May 31, 1S41.
After graduating from the preparatory
seminary of St. Charles at Elllcotfs
Mills, Maryland, he completed the courses
In theology and philosophy at St. Mary's
College, Baltimore, then rated as one of
the leading institutions, of the country,
and was ordained priest July 2, 1866. His
first pastoral charge was at Harpers
Ferry, where he remained for several
years, doing duty at the same time in
other parts of the West Virginia country
bordering on the Potomac.
May 23, 1S75, he was consecrated Bishop
of the diocese of Wheeling, which covered
mainly the mountain portion of West
Virginia. From AVheellng he waa sent,
in 1S93, as coadjutor to the Most Rev.
Archbishop Kendrick of St. Louis. On
the death of that eminent prelate, in
1S96, Bishop Kain succeeded to the charge
and duties of one of the most important
archdioceses of the country.
In the death of Archbishop Kain
the Roman Catholic hierarchy in the Uni
ted States loses one of its strongest and
most brilliant members. Though not an
old man the thirty-seven years of active
conscientious devotion to the duties of
the several offices that he successively
filled told on his health, and finally
brought him to a comparatively early
end.
"Mrs. Cutts sent for a policeman im
mediately on her arrival here. She told
him that she hau locked her husband In
their hotel room in Milton, Or., and had
fled to the train under police protection
there. She declined positively to see any
one but the policeman.
A climax was reached when Cutta found
a note written bv his wife to a mala
friend detailing the abuse she suffered at
the hands of her spouse and asking ad
vice. A parting was followed by a re
conciliation and the couple left for a trip
through Eastern Oregon. The following
dispatch was rpceived to-day:
"WALLA WALLA, Wash.. Oct. 13.— A
handsomely garbed woman, as pretty as
she is well dressed, and who says she
is a niece of Colonel R. C. Judson of
Portland, will, be escorted to the train at
11 o'clock to-nleht, on her way to Chi
cago, if her plans do not miscarry. The
woman is fleelne from her husband, to
whom she says she was married in Port
land September 17. and who she says has
already whipped her twice. She gives
the name of Mrs. x>. M. Cutts, and is
accompanied by a handsome young man.
The police think the couple are eloping.
Cutts, who was a lieutenant in the Phil
ippines, me: Miss Judson in St. Paul in
1837 and became engaged to her. His
mother lives in Washington, D. C. The
family is said to be well connected. On
his return frcm Manila Cutts was ill for
some time in San Francisco and came
to Portland only three months ago. Im
mediately after the wedding people who
occupied apartments In the same build
ing as the Cutts began to tell tales of
midnight wransles.
PORTLAND, Or., Oct. 13.-After being
engaged for seven years to Miss Lucy
Judson, niece of Colonel R. C. Judson.
industrial agent of the Oregon Railroad
and Navigation Company, Leo M. Cutts
married her here on September 13 last.
To-day dispatches frcm "Walla Walla tell
of the bride locking her sleeping husband
in a room at a hotel and departlns with
a companion whose identity is unknown.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Seven Tears' Engagement Ends In a
Wedding, but the Police Are
Called to Have Part in Mari
tal Differences
Says She Locked Her Hus
band in His Room and
Fled.
BALTIMORE, Md., Oct. 13.— Most Rev.
John Joseph Kain, Archbishop of St.
Louis, died to-night at St. Agnes' Sani
tarium, where he had been a patient
since May 12. Death, which came peace
fully, had been hourly expected by his
attending physicians for several days. Dr.
J. M. Stone and a number of priests and
relatives, including his sister, a sister of
charity known in the religious world as
Sister Mary Joseph, were at his bedside
when the end came.
Heart' disease was the ailment for which
the Archbishop was first treated when
he arrived at the institution, but a gen
eral breakdown from overwork caused
him much trouble. Recently appendicitis
developed and the prelate rapidly sanK.
an operation, which was deemed neces
sary, being Impracticable, owing to the
enfeebled condition of the patient.
No arrangements have been made for
the funeral. *
Accordingly, she says, she executed a
deed to her half brother, L. A. Mesmer,
January 22, 1S97. At the request of Grif
fith the property was then conveyed to
him. She alleges that after this she ex
ecuted divers mortgages and deeds to the
property to him for no consideration.
She says that he promised a full set
tlement as soon as he could realize money
from a sale. Instead of this, she claims,
he mortgaged it and proceeded to invest
It with his own money and hopelessly in
termingled his money with her money.
She avers that he now has fully disposed
of all property she deeded and that he
converted at least $200,000 of her money to
his own uses. Now he refuses to account
for It, she says.
Mrs. Griffith sets forth that last May
in their apartments at the Hotel Fre
mont, this city, Griffith armed himself
with a revolver and threateningly com
manded her to accompany him to another
room. She declares she reasonably sup
posed that he Intended great bodily harm
and possibly murder and refused to go
with him. She declares she was forced
Into a violent struggle for escape and
managed to get away through the sudden
arrival of their son Adell.
About 1900, she further avers, Griffith
violently assaulted her In their apart
ments at the Hotel Nadeau, seizing her
by the arm and throwing her forcibly
upon a chair. These acts, she complains,
caused her grievous bodily pain and men
tal suffering.
Mrs. Griffith alleges that prior to their
marriage she owned property worth
$250,000 in her own right, the es
tate of Andreas Brlswalter being
then in litigation. Five days before their
marriage, she says, Griffith told her she
would be better protected if she would
execute deeds to him; that he would ful
ly protect her Interests and hold all the
pnperty so deeded in trust for her and
rigidly account for It all after the Bris
walter estate was settled.
In his answer to his wife's recent peti
tion for divorce Colonel Griffith made the
assertion that he had always been a kind
and loving husband. Mrs. Griffith now files
an amended complaint in which she
swears that he manifested his loving con
sideration by trying to murder her three
months before the Santa Monica tragedy,
by trying to murder her with a loaded
revolver, by making a brutal assault upon
her, and by cheating her out of her prop
erty.
LOS ANGELES, Oct. 13.— Mrs. Griffith
J.Griffith to-day -made the most sensa
tional charges yet brought against her
husband, Colonel Griffith, who is soon to
be tried for the alleged attempt to mur
der his wife in Santa Monica.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Sensational Features Intro
duced in a Los An
geles Case.
Sensational Aftermath
of a Marriage in Port
land.
Roman Catholic Church Loses
One of Its Most Bril
liant Members.
Wife of Colonel Griffith
Files New Com
plaint.
Archbishop Kain Dies at
St. Louis After Long
Illness.
NOTED PRELATE
PASSES TO REST
WIFE LEAVES
WHEN SPOUSE
IS PRISONER
SAYS HUSBAND
TRIED TO KILL
3
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY V OCTOBER 14, 1903.
Issues an Election Address in Which He Declares
Himself in Accord With the Policy Advocated
by Premier Balfour and Joseph Chamberlain
COLONIAL SECRETARY LYTTLETON
SUPPORTS TARIFF PROGRAMME
NEW TORK. Oct. 13. — Entries for the
telegraphers' tournament to be held in Phila
delphia en October 30 and 31 will close on Oc
tober 20 instead cf having been closed on Oc
tober 1, as had been announced.
BAN JOSE, Oct. 13.— Miss Celeste Kruse,
a young woman who is said to be from
San Francisco, was taken into custody
this morning while wandering about on
the GIsh road, northeast of this city. The
woman Is about twenty years old and
well dressed. Her mind Is deranged and
she will give no account of herself. She
is a stranger here.
Officers Find "Wandering Girl.
HONOLULU. Oct. 7.-Crude Implements
for the counterfeiting of 5-cent pieces
have been discovered by the police here
and the head and members of the gang
in the work are now in cells at the police
Ftation. The prisoners are Chinese— Chu
Hoy, Ah Yin and Lee Yan. To what ex
tent the counterfeiting has been carricl
en has not yet been learned.
In a small box were found three pieces
of lead. Each had the imprint of a 5-cent
piece, deeply Imbedded. The Imprints
bore the year dates 1S93 and 1901. There
were found several cement cylinders,
each bearing the cast cf one end of the
face and back of a nickel, evidently made
from the lead molds. A crucible for melt
ing metals was also found and the whole
outfit 'was taken to the police station.
Police rind Them Engaged in the
Manufacture of Bogus Five-
Cent Pieces.
CHINESE COUNTERFEITERS
ABE CAUGHT AT HONOLULU
But. sitting as a court of law for the pur
pose cf construing and determining the mean
ing of statutes, we have nothing to do with
variances in religious belief and have no
power to determine which is correct. ffo
merely declare the law as given us by the
Legislature.
Justice Bartlett. In th« prevailing opin
ion In the appellate division, held that
"medical attendance" referred to in the
statute did not mean exclusively the at
tendance of a medical practitioner In the
general sense of the term. The appellate
division reversed the conviction. In its
opinion, written by Judge Halght, the
Court of Appeals says:
We are aware that there are people who
believe that the divine power may be invoked
to heal the sick and faith Is all that is re
quired. There are others who believe that the
Creator has supplied the earth. Nature's store
house, with everything that man may want for
his support and maintenance, including the
restoration and preservation of his health, and
that he is left to work out his own salvation
under fixed natural laws. There are still
others who believe Christianity and science go
hand in hand, both proceeding from the Cre
ator: that science is but the agent of the Al
mighty, through which He accomplishes re
sults, and that both science and divine power
may be invoked together to restore diseased
and suffering humanity.
ALBANY, N. Y., Oct. 13.— Especial in
terest attaches to the decision handed
down to-dav by the Court of Appeals In
the case of the people against Plerson, de
claring dependence on faith healing In
the case of sickness to be criminal neg
llcence. Plerson lives at White Plains,
and early In 1901 was sentenced to pay $500
or 6cO days' Imprisonment for criminal
neglect In having failed to engage a
licensed physician to attend his sbcteen
montbs-old adopted daughter in a case
of bronchial pneumonia, wnich afterward
proved fatal. The conviction was ob
tained under the Penal Code, which holds
that "a person who omits, without lawful
excuse, to perform a duty by law Im
posed upon him, to furnish food, clothing,
Bhe'.ter or medical attendance to a minor.
Is guilty," etc
WASHINGTON. Oct. 13.— The United
Etatec naval observatory to-day made ob
servations of the extraordinary group of
solar spots now visible on the sun, the
turgest group discovered In the last de
cade. The observations ar© under the
direction of George H. Peters, who made
tii« following statement to-day:
The enormous croup was again observed with
x i-hoto-hellograph yesterday and to-day. The
individual epots cotr.prisins the group have be
come lees numerous, eome of the smaller «pot»
ha vine consolidated with others. The group
consists of about nine ppots In all axid now
ehowi Indications of condensing Into two prin
cipal epoti or groups somewhat separated.
Yetterday the total length of the disturbed re
rion wae 172,000 xriilee. with a width of about
09.000 miles, the aggregate length cf the prin
cipal epots being 123,000 miles. The group was
easily -een by the naked eye at the Naval Ob
ewvatory by several of the astronomers and
ought to be a conspicuous object for several
days yet. A brilliant aurora was obrerved laet
evening, a bright glow in the heavens near the
northern horizon, while intense streams shot
up toward the zenith. These conspicuous
auroras often accompany the appearance cf
large run epots. The magnetic conditions of
the earth ar« affected, producing a considerable
disturbance cf the magnetic needle.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
A Word or Two
Concerning Roos-Made
Read)^-to-Wear Clothes
d Are you one of the good
dressers of San Francisco who has
been paying large sums to ex-
pensive tailors? If so, you have
been needlessly extravagant in
not trying "Roos-Made" ready-
to-wear clothes.
C "Roos-Made" ready-to-wear
Suits, Overcoats and Cravenettes
are made under our personal su-
pervision. That is why they have
all those characteristic marks of
the most expensive tailor-made
garments.
G They are modish and ex-
tremely fashionable in cut and
style — equaling the best produc-
tions of the most expensive tailors.
Why not give them a trial?
Men's Suits $10.00 to $37.50
Men's Overcoats - $10.00 to $55.00
Men's Cravenettes - $10.00 to $40.00
KEARNY AT POST
%B? favor rnP Tel1 your . groccr you wa *
I fIrwBICIJM. are not £°° d -enou 2 h for you
ApVEBTISEMEKTS.
n makes no difference whether you look at our
clothes inside or out, you will always find the quality
The workmanship, linings and trimmings are al-
ways consistent with the material used.
The best proof you have of this, is our guar-
antee. If the lining in your suit wears out before
you think it should we will re-line it free of charge,
and it makes no difference how long you have had
the garments. j
We know we can please you if you place an or-
der here, for we are satisfying thousands of others.
It's your first order we solicit — the second will come
as a natural consequence.
Suits to measure from $io up to $35.
Suits for out-of-town customers satisfactorily made to order
j through our self-measuring system— write for blank and samples.
740 Market Street and
Cor. Powell and Eddy StreetsCommittee on Tree Planting Appointed by Mayor
Lays Plans Before Oakland Citizens and En
thusiasm Augurs Well for Success of Scheme
PURPOSES BEAUTIFYING AVENUE
THROUGH TO HEART OF BERKELEY
BERKELEY, Oct. 13.— The refusal of
the I trnatees of the Deaf and Blind In
stitute to pay for the repairs to a city
sewer that was choked up by the asylum
trees came up before the Board of Town
Trustees again last night. Town Attor
ney Hayne informed the board that it
could not arrest the Institute trustees for
the violation of a town ordinance, and
then it was decided to appeal to Gov
ernor Pardee to settle the controversy.
President Rickard was appointed a com
mittee of one to Interview him. ¦ ;^ r ;
To Confer With Governor.
Motion to sot aside the decree of divorce
granted Alice Brown from H. T. Brown
by Judge Melvin was made to-day by the
attorney for Brown, who states that the
divorce was granted' by default and that
he was absent from court, owing to a
misapprehension.
OAKLAND, Oct. 13. — Helen A. Arnold
was granted an Interlocutory decree of
divorce to-day by Judge Melvin from
Solon D. Arnold on the ground of willful
desertion. She was allowed to resume her
maiden name of Helen A. Martin.
Julia C. Rose began a suit for divorce
to-day against William C. Rose on the
ground of cruelty. They were married
in Centervllle in 1897 and have two chil
dren.
Julia Rose Begins Suit Against Hus
band — H. T. Brown Wants An
other Chance.
HELEN ARNOLD GIVEN
INTERLOCUTORY DECREE
Murder is suspected and the police are
at work on the case, but have as yet no
clew to the perpetrators of the crime.
Death was found to have been due to
strangulation by drowning or choking.
Dr. C. E. Curdts, who performed the
autopsy at the Morgue, cannot state
whether or not the infant was murdered
prior to its being thrown into the water.
The corpse Is that of a well developed
female child and had evidently been in
the water about ten days. The age of
the baby would preclude any possibility
of its having found its way into the bay
alone.
The naked body of an unidentified babe
about two weeks old was found floating
in the bay at the foot of Goss street this
morning by James Rhodes, a youth of
1900 Goss street.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, Oct. 13.
«—; — — ?— — — ¦ , ¦ '
Corpse of Infant Is Re
covered by James
Rhodes.
MURDERED BABE
FOUND IN BAY
The last meeting of the association was
held at Its former headquarters in the
Stocker building and the members of the
eleven firms ' comprising the body were
present After a long discussion it was
decided to disband and when the gavel
of President George H. Payne fell at the
close of the meeting the Oakland Lumber
Dealers' Association was a thing of the
past.
The Oakland Lumber Dealers' Associa
tion, organized In this city a year and a
half ago for the purpose of regulating the
price of lumber, was dissolved this morn
}ng by mutual consent of the members.
The reason given for the dissolution of
the organization was that present dis
counts on list prices are so great that
there Is no further inducement to main
tain the association.
The fact remains, however, that while
at the time of organizing the association
all of the larcer lumber firms were In
cluded in the membership, since that time
there have been a number of new firms
organized and It Is reported that the ac
tion of these firms, which were not mem
bers of the association, in cutting prices
of lumber had much to do with the dis
solution of the association.
Whether or not the decision of the
former members of the organization to
act independently of each other in fixing
the prices of lumber will result in a rate
war is not known. E. B. Waddell of
the firm of Taylor & Co., cays that the
price of lumber is already »o low that
any further cut would be impracticable.
In discussing the matter Mr. Waddell
said:
Owinsr to the fact that discounts were get
ting down, the members thought it better to
disband ths association rather than wait until
there is a further weakening of the market.
As to any Internal dissension In the associa
tion, there was none other than the usual busl
nnsn differences which come up in any organi
zation of this kind, r do not think that the
dissolution of the association will cause a lum
ber rate war among' the Oakland dealers, as
prices of lumber are already too low to make
It ft Drofltable proposition for any one.
At the close of the last meeting of the asso
ciation as a body the members all appeared
to be on the best of terms with ea.cn other and
parted In the most friendly manner. But of
course no one can tell what the former mem
bers will do as Individuals.
Oakland Office San FTanciBco Call,
1118 Broadway, Oct. 13.
Dissolution May BriDg Cut in
Prices and Cause a
Rate War.
Members of the Oakland
Association Have
¦ Disbanded.
LUMBER DEALERS
FAIL TO AGREE
William Walker, residing at 715 Howard
street, attempted suicide yesterday In his
room by inhaling illuminating gas. Some
of tho people In the house detected i the
odor of gas. and traced It to Walker's
room. He was found in an unconscious
state and | was removed by the police to
the Emergency Hospital, where prompt
work by the doctors saved his life. De
spondency was the cause that led Walker
to make the attempt on his life.
William Walker Tires of Life.
Painter Injured by a Fall.
L. S. Parsons, residing at 128 Belvedere
street, fell from a painter's scaffold while
working on a building at Scott and Jack
son streets yesterday forenoon. He sus
tained a sprain of the back, a dislocated
wrist and possible internal injuries. He
was treated at the Emergency Hospital.
Detected Stealing From Rooms.
William Fowler was arrested by Po
liceman Tyrell on Third street yesterday
afternoon and locked up In the Southern
station on a charge of burglary." . Fowler
was seen to enter two rooms at 328 Third
street and take a pair of shoes from one
and an alarm clock from- the other.
OAKLAND. Oct. 13.— The Independent
Butchers' Protective Benevolent and Aid
Association will give Its annual prize mas
querade ball at Germanla Hall Wednes
day evening. October JS. The grand
march will begin at 9 o'clock and supper
will be served during the evening.
Butchers' Masquerade Ball.
OAKLAND, Oct. 13.— Some children who
were playing with matches in a shed in
Ttie rear of Mrs. Rheems' residence, near
Tenth and Linden streets, set fire to some
lags in the shed thia afternoon and an
slarm was turned In. The fire was ex
tinguished before much damage had been
done.
Children Set Fire to Shed.
OAKLAND. Oct 13.— Articles of incor
poration of the \V. H. Taylor Company
were filed with the County Clerk to-day.
The principal place of business of the
r.ew company is to be LJvermore and it
is formed for the purpose of carrying on a
general merchandise Ftore. The capital
Ftock is $00,009. The director? are W. II.
Taylor end Lilly M. Taylor of Livermore
rnd Henry H. Meyers, Bertha S. Meyers
and Fred W. Ray of Alameda,
New Company Formed.
Redwood Circle of the Women of
Woodcraft gave a social last night In
Eagles' Hall which was attended by
nearly 400 people. There was a short pro
gramme of entertainment made up of the
following numbers: Mandolin and piano
eolo, Roy and Dora Clifford; song . and
dance specialties, Mr. Montague; recita
tion. Miss Falks; vocal solo, Miss Anna
Stockinger; recitation by Redwood's fa
vorite, Miss Mabel McNally; song, Billy
Hynes; comic selections, Tom Irwln.
These numbers were followed by dancing
until midnight. The affair was conducted
by the following named committee: Mrs.
Nellie Blangy, Mrs. Clark, Mrs. Tickner,
Miss Wheir, Mrs, Wilder, Mrs. Ambrose,
Mre. Schulz, Dr. W. D. Clark, Fred
Seavy. M. F. C. Russell.
Hedwood'3 Social.
The $30,000 for a fire department Pres
ident Rickard believes is necessary be
cause th,e present apparatus is totally in
adequate and not to be compared with
that of a town one-fourth the size of
Berkeley. This money will be used to
build two or three new lire houses on
sites already owned by the town and to
purchase perhaps two steam engines or
one steam engine and two chemical en
gines, together with all the necessary
equipment. ¦
The $20,000 recommended for the use of
the Street Department will purchase new
sprinkling wagons and a steam roller and
aid in repairing thfi outfall of the sewers,
which is now. a menace to the health of
the people of- West Berkeley. With the
steam-roller, the town can do most of its
own- street repairing.
For the purchase of new school sites
in the north, south, west and central por
tions of town President Rickard recom
mends that $75,000 be expended. As the
population increases, he says, we will
need more schools and property' will never
be acquired as cheaply, as at -present. He
also urges that the School Board dispose
of Its property onCenter street and pur
chase elsewhere. The present site is
acknowledged to be. too valuable for
School purposes and the amount which
could be derived from Its sale would pur-
Chase two or three desirable lots of great-
POOR FIBE EQUIPMENT.
BERKELEY, Oct. 13.— If the plans
of Thomas Rickard, president of
the Board of Trustees, for the
improvement of the city as sub
mitted to the board last night
mature in the way he hopes they will,
Berkeley will take the biggest step to
ward being a model city that it has since
it began to grow. President Rickard's
plans comprehend improving nearly every
department in the city in a substantial
way and spending J25O.O0O that may be
raised by bonding the town.
In the lack of a modern building for
the housing of Its officials, President
Rickard sees behind a good
many of the smaller and less wealthy
towns of the\State. He says there Is
scarcely a town of four or five thousand
inhabitants which has not a modern city
hall, yet Berkeley ranks as the seventh
city in the State. For this improvement
he proposes that the town spend $100,000,
which will include the purchase of addi
tional land to enlarge the present site at
Center and Grove streets.
The joint committee of the Native Sons
which Is to arrange for tho launching of
the cruiser California had a meeting last
night, when it was reported that the par
lors of Alameda County have arranged
an entertainment to be given at Idora
Park, Oakland, In aid of- the launching
fund. It was also stated that at the next
meeting there would be a report on the
suggestion of holding a two weeks'
bazaar or fair in Mechanics' Pavilion,
and that from the opinions expressed it
is likely that the Native Sons, aided by
the Native Daughters, will undertake the
project. -~ :> •
Launching Committee.
President Rickard has not yet appointed
the time for the meeting of the committee
of the whole of the . Trustees, when tho
bond proposition will be discussed. .. ;":
President Rickard's proposal that the School
Board sell the present school site on Center
street Is a. good one. That properly is now
easily worth $00,000, and if it could be sold
we could buy three or four good school sites
In other parts of town and perhaps put up a
good building. It must be reckoned, too,
that the property In private hands would
brine In about $700 In taxes annually ta the
town and with improvements more taxes. All
these things must be considered in committee,
however ,and none of us know how we will
vote until we have thoroughly discussed the
whole matter. . . , ;.
I rather favor $50,000 for a wharf at West
Berkeley, instead of the Town Hall. Tho
wharf is something that Is really needed and
it will bring money to the town. As the busi
ness pt the town Increases the wharf will
be -used more and more.
Trustee Redmond C. Staats favors most
of President Rickard's recommendations,
dissents from one of them and adds one
of his own, which he thinks will Improve
the complexion of the whole proposition
somewhat. He said:
I am not so much in favor of a new Town
Hall as I am of the other Improvements. I
am not saying, however, that we don't need
a Town Hall. The one we've got Is not ex
actly cood enough for the town, but It will
do for awhile.
STAATS GIVES VIEWS.
While to the casual observer the condition
of the town Is In every way satisfactory thare
Is a deplorable lack of finances with which
to carry on needed improvements. The spirit
of improvement seems to be In the air and
our neighboring: cities are taking advantage
of it. Shall we do likewise, or allow con
ditions to remain as they are? I believe that
the necessity for the Improvements I have
mentioned will appeal to every one. I believe
that the town could bond itself for this amount
and not feel It. We could Issue forty-year
bonds bearing interest at 4 per cent and would
hardly notice the difference in our taxes. The
amounts I have mentioned are only sugges
tions and subject to alteration, but I hope
that as a whole they will meet with approval.
I would also recommend that the Board of
Trustees call another election to amend the
charter before the next Legislature to provide
for a $1 tax levy.' The 75-cent levy is en
tirely inadequate for us to conduct this city
properly, even with the most careful economy,
and it ought to be raided. The town has long
since passed the provincial stage and It Is
time we were getting abreast of the times.
er area In other portions of town.
The $25,000 for parks in West and South
Berkeley is recommended because the
people of those sections have no places
for recreation. The people of East Berke
ley are practically provided with park
privileges, as they have access to the uni
versity and blind asylum grounds. Pres
ident Rickard says:
MAYOR t—' % BERKELEY, WHO IS A STRONG ADVOCATE OF BOND
ING THE CITY FOR $250,000, THAT SUM TO BE EXPENDED IN PUB
LIC IMPROVEMENTS.
OAKLAND. Oct. 13.— Electricity will
soon take the place of steam In the ope
ration cf the machinery at the. Judson
Iron Works, and preparations are nearly
complete for the Installation of the trans
formers at the new sub-station of the
Oakland Gas and Electric Company.
The flrst change will be made In the
machine shops and bridge mill, which are
now operated by a 225-horsepower en
gine. Each machine will be run by a
separate motor, greatly reducing tho dan
ger of life from the present tangle of
shafting. Later the small 10-horsepower
engines now used to run the shears In
the rolling mills will be replaced by mo
tors.
The change will male a great saving
in the running c-xpenpes of the works.
Hew Power to Take Place of Steam
in the Judson Iron
Works.
WILL BEPLACE EXGIKIS
WITH. EXECTBIC MOTORS
Others, however, are not in such a.for
tunate position. People who have mar-
Jhd other than tkelr former husbands
over again are in a serious predicament
and in the opinion of several prominent
attorneys in this city are bigamists In
the «yes of the law.
An informal discussion emanating out
of the Kelly case in Judg:o Ogden's court
this morning resulted in the opinion that
people who ' had married after being
granted absolute decrees could have noth
ing done to help their positiona. Attor
ney Goldsby instanced a client of his who
had married after being: granted an ab
soltfle decree in perfect good faith.
Er-Judge Frick voiced the opinion that
the law was explicit and that a serious
etata of affairs existed. * He, however,
did not expect that a prosecution would
result or if one did that any Jury would
convict, and that the system would show
to advantage in such a cisa.
The decision of the Supreme Court re
cently in regard to the constitutionality
of the divorce law has placed a, number
of couples jwe in uncomfortable posi
tions. They arc now endeavoring: to find
thoir legal Flatus from the courts. Mrs.
Bessie Keliv and her huebaad, Charles
Kelly, had agreed to have the action of
divorce dismissed, when it was discovered
that Judge O?den had already granted an
interlocutory decree in accordance with
tho recent decision. They wish to have
themselves placed In a proper position
and a notice to vacate the Judgment has
bc«?n criven to Judse Ogden. He stated
to-day that he believed that under the
i.ew law this could l>e done.
Oakland Office Ban Francisco- Call,
1118 Broadway, Oct. 13.
Attorneys Express the Belief
That Bigamy Has Been
Committed.
Some Married Couples
Are in Serious Pre
dicament.
DIVORCE LAW
WORKS HARDSHIP
SAN JOSE, Oct. 13.— Shipments of dried
fruit from this county have begun in earnest.
During the part week fifty-five carloads left
here for points East and Europe. There la
great activity among the competing; raiiwav
companies to secure the business ~«"«.r
Marriage Licenses.
OAKLAND,- Oct. 13. — The following
marriage licenses were Issued by the
County Clerk to-day: Elnor Lund, 33, and
Octavla B. Gammons. 32, both of Ala
meda; Karl Dahlman, 43, and Sophia
Lind. 44, both of West Berkeley.
V — *?• V |
WILKESBARRE, Pa,. Oct. 13.-^Son Mor
gan B. Williams, president of tha Red Ash
Coal Company and a former Congressman,
died to-day.
OAKLAND, Oct. 13.— Suits of condem
nation against John A. Cook, Simon La
zard, Solomon L. Jacobs, F. P. Friedman
A. G. Abell, T. H. Stevens, Augustus
Humbert and Hannah Cook were begun
to-day by the Western Pacific Railway
for the purpose of securing a fifty-foot
right of way across land" situated on East
Twelfth street, between Sixteenth and
Nineteenth avenues.
Wants Bight of Way.
Pilnce Albert of Monaco has presented ta
the library a complete «et of valuable me
moirs, which he has had published In order
to record the results of the scientific cam
paigns carried on on his jracnt in Mediterran
ean waters and elsewhere. Tha set consists
of twenty-two volumes, with color plates, be
sides, four maps and thirty-seven brochures.
Lieutenant Walter J. Buttbenbach of the
Fourth United States Infantry, who Is now
stationed in the province of Albay, Philippine
Islands, has presented to the library a copy
of a Tagalog grammar in English and an
Enttflsh-Tagalog dictionary,
The junior farce committee last night se
lected Emil Kruschke's play. "Mclnnls, or
the Two Poppers," for the junior farce. Tha
curtain raiser has not yet been selected.
- Trainer Christie, Ben Stroud, Samuel Stow,
Milton Schwartz. Professor Frank Soule and
L. A. Baldwin will be the speakers at the
freshmen bonfira rally in the Greek Theater
Thursday night.
\ BERKELEY. Oct. 13.— President Wheeler
entertained at dinner last night the men who
carried to a successful conclusion the dramatic
festival which 'accompanied the dedication of
the Greek Theater. The guests were Professor
Leon J. Richardson, who had charge of the
whole cycle vt plays; Professor Isaac Flagg,
who wrote the verse translation of "The
Birds"; Martin Spinello, who directed the pre
sentation of "Phedre"; Jerome B. Landtield,
Lincoln Hutchinson, Gustave Faucheux, Pro
fessor TV. D. Armes, Professor James T. Al
len. Dr. Carlos Bransby and. Dr. Henry TV.
Prescott.
OAKLAND. Oct. 13.— Jacob Meyer, an
employe of the Southern Pacific Company,
died yesterday afternoon at Fabiola Hos
pital from injuries received a week ago.
w,hen he was caught between two cars
In the railroad yards. The date of the
inquest has not vet been set.
Dies of Hi3 Injuries.
Miss Grace Sperry entertained to-day at
luncheon at Arbor Villa. Covers were laid for
Mies Margaret Sinclair. Miss Florence Hush
Miss Florence Starr. Miss Ethel Moore, Mrs*
Walter Starr. Miss Jane Rawllngs, Mrs. Henry
D. Nichols. Miss Bessie Palmer. Miss Mona
Crellin. Mrs. Dan Belden, Mrs. William Gar
diner Cooke, Mrs. C. Oscar Gowing, Mlsa Caro
lyn Oliver, Miss Mae Burdge, Miss Florence
Nightingale. Miss Marion Smith, Miss Evelyn
Ellis and the hostess.
The Cosmos Club held Its first meeting: yeiter.
aay at the residence of the president, Mrs.
Pcdar' Sather. The members' prize was won
by Mrs. Will Meek, and to Mrs. William Mor
ris was awarded the substitutes' prize. Among
those present were: Mr*. T. I*. Barker Mrs
J. R. Burnham, Mrs. Q. A. Chase. Mrs. T. C.
Coogan. Mrs. E. J. Cotton, Mrs. Thomas Crel
lln. Mrs. J. A. Folger. Mrs. K. TV. Gorrlll, Mrs.
Charles Minor Goodall. Mrs. TV. S. Goodfellow.
Mrs. Harry Gordon, Mrs. John I* Howard Mrs
E. H. Kittredge. Mrs. J. N. Knowles,' Mrs*
Paul Idolise, Mrs. E. G. Lukens, Mrs> Horry
Meek. Sirs. Will Meek, Mrs. A. A. Moore, Mrs
Pedar Sather, Mrs. F. M. Smith, Mm. Egbert
R. Stone, Mrs. E. F. Taylor. Mrs. E. M. Walsh
Mrs. B. B. Beck. Mrs. George Cook, Mrs. s"
R. Church. Mrs. L. M. Chapman, Mrs. C. Oscar
Gowlng, Miss Mabel Thayer Gray, Mm. Charles
Houghton. Mrs. Charles Holt, Mrs. Henry Mor
ris. Mrs. William Morris, Mrs. George W. Mc-
Xear, Mrs. A. S. Moseley. Miss Grace Sperry
Mrs. Prentles Selby, Mrs. Lowndes Scott. . Mrs!
Albert Sutton, Mrs. Henry C. Taft and Mrs'
Frederick Pag© Cutting.
On the last Tuesday of the month Ng Poon
Chew, manager of tha Chinese daily paper in
Ean Francisco, will lecture before the Ebell
Society on "The Chinese as a Factor in the
World's Future History." Mr. Chew is a
highly educated and cultured Chinese, and his
lecture is anticipated with considerable Interest.
Mrs. Thomas Crel'.in was presiding hostess
to-day and was assisted by a large receiving
party in wh;ch were included Mrs. W. "W. Chick
erlng. Mrs. C. C. Clay. Mrs. H. P. Carl ton
Mrs. L. F. Cockroft, Mrs. M. c. Chipman, Mrs
S. B. Cheek. Mrs. J. TV Carothers, Mrs, E j"
Cotton, Mrs. George A.- Carter, Mrs. F U
Button, Mrs. O. W. Cope, Mrs. C. E. Cotton
Mrs. George W. Colling. ¦ Mrs. F. G. Conklin
Mrs. Van Horn Cooley. Mrs. T. C. Coogan Mrs!
M. E. Chadbourne, Mrs. TV. \V. Creed Mrs.
Helen Courtain, Mrs. D. T. Curtis, Mrs.' O. I*
Cuttlss. Mrs. G. G. Cummings, Mrs. Homer
Craig, Mrs. J. L. Crlttenden. Miss Julia Crane
Mrs. H. C. Capwell. Dr. Lillian A. Dell, Mrs'
J. T. Dille. Mrs. A. G. Davis. Mrs. Merritt Day
Mrs. A. A. Denison, Mrs. Charles A. Dukes!
Mrs. Richard Derby and Mrs. George E. de
Golia.
The musical programme which followed the
luncheon was under the supervision of Mrs.
E. L. Dow and was ; greatly enjoyed by all
present. Miss Eatelle Reynolds Drummond ren
dered two Instrumental numbers in a charming
manner and she also accompanied Miss Dorothy
Goodsell In three delightful songs. Miss Bessie
Yard's reading of the "Theater Party" chap
ter from "Mrs. Wiggs of the Cabbage Patch "
was admirably done. 'Miss Yard is the taJented
daughter of Sidney Yard, the well-known artist
During the afternoon the club listened to a
llttlo talk by Mrs. de Oreayer of the Sorosis
Club. San Francisco.
OAKZ.AXD. Oct. 13.— The Ebell Club rooms
presented a very attractive appearance to-day
during the progress of the regular monthly
luncheon. Aa usual at this favorite form of
reunion there was a large attendance, and the
many prettily decorated tables, surrounded by
beautifully gowned ladles, formed a pleasing
picture.
EVENTS IN SOCIETY
OAKLAND, Oct. 13.— The charges of as
sault against William Gardiner and Lionel
Moreal, linemen, were dismissed In the
Police Court to-day on motion of the
complaining witnesses, John Hallahan
and William Ward. Tenny and George
Sturm, charged with battery, also had
their cases dismissed.
Casss Against Linemen Dismissed.
CHAIRMAN OF THE CITIZENS'
COMMITTEE ON BEAUTIFY
ING OAKLAND.
UNIVERSITY EVENTS
The citizens of Berkeley will be asked
to co-operate and complete the tree plant
ing from the Oakland limit, thus making
an unbroken avenue through to the
'heart of Berkeley embellished with beau
tiful trees.
The committee asked Mayor Olney to
appoint two more members, making a
total of seven. E. A. Stearrv?, secretary
of the Board of Trade, was elected sec
retary of the committee.
Much pleasant discussion followed the
committee's report and the enthusiasm
shown will do much toward carrying to
completion the work already outlined.
The new women's association now In the
process of formation for the beautifying
of Oakland will co-operate with the May
or's citizens' committee. The committee
comprises John T. Bell, Edwin Stearns,
Craigie Sharp, Professor J. G. Lemmon
and S. Arrlllaga.
OAKLAND, Oct. 13.— Citizens of
Oakland gathered to-night in the
Board of Trade rooms in the Y.
M. C. A. building to hear the re
• <-.«•/¦, port of the committee on tree
planting on Telegraph avenue, appointed
a few days ago by Mayor Olney. The
committee at a special meeting last night
formulated plans they thought most feas
ible for carrying out the work. These
plans were presented to the large, assem
blage of citizens to-night and met with
general approval.. •
John T. Bell, chairman of the commit
tee, presented the scheme of the body.
Letters have been sent to atjput a dozen
of the most prominent tree culturl3t3,
asking each to designate two species of
trees which, in his opinion, are specially
adapted for long avenaes running north
and south. Information was solicited a3
"to the character of the roots «and foliage
of the trees and their rapidity or slowness
of growth.
When the replies are received it is the
Intention of the committee to hold a spe
cial meeting. Every property owner on
Telegraph avenue, the street first to be
beautified, will be asked to be preseat and
express his opinion as to which partic
ular tree would most serve the ends of
the city.
No trees of rapid growth are wanted,
as those planted will be intended for or
namentation rather than for shade. The
tree planters will interfere as little as
possible with the trees already on the
avenue, . but will try to get a uniform
growth.
Dr. S. H. Buteau of this city was called
to testify on certain phases of the testi
mony.
In cross-examination it was developed
that Mackechnle had come from Arizona
to testify and he was asked by Attorney
Goodfellow for the defense how much he
was to be paid for his testimony. The
doctor said that he expected to be reim
bursed for the outlay he had been put to.
Goodfellow wanted to know whether* he
was not going to be paid for his time and
he stated that the matter had not been
discussedr
OAKLAND, Oct. 13.— The Lloyd will
contest was continued throughout to-day.
The only Important witness was Dr.
Charles A. Mackechnle, who was called
as a witness for young Lloyd. He had
prescribed for the elder Lloyd during his
lifetime and stated that he believed the
capitalist was insane. He ?aid that he
formed thia opinion from the nature of
the questions Lloyd asked him and his
personal habits.
Dr. Charles A. Jtfackechnie of Ari
zona a Good Witness for Young
Lloyd.
PHYSICIAN TESTIFIES
LLOYD WAS INSANE
Grace Leal of San I^eandro, a bride of
a year. Informed the police to-day that
her husband has disappeared, and she
fears that ha has met with foul play.
Mrs. Leal claims her husband has a
habit of leaving her periodically. She
says he returned, home about two weeks
ago, after an absence of six months, and
after making a visit of ten days again
disappeared. The unfortunate wife is now
anxious to learn whether her spouse has
met with foul play or has again deserted
her. Leal Is a picture solicitor.
The Morgan Oyster Company of San
Francisco has notified the Coroner that
durlrfg the gale on the bay last Friday
Charles McCondah and Kcsll Larson,
sailors, were Io3t overboard from the
schooner Admiral, one of the company's
boat*. It is probable that their bodlta
may be washed up on the Alameda shore.
Mrs. Charles -E. Porter has asked the
Chief of 1'olice to assist her -In [finding
her husband. Porter, who conducted a
barber shop at 1122 Webster street, dis
appeared yesterday. When his wife re
turned home in the evening she found
that a number of articles. Including 5100
cash, wtre missing. She believes thai
Porter took them. Although Mrs. Porter
says that her husband was very cruel to
her, she still loves him and wants him
and the money back again./
The disappearance of several men during
the last few days has caused much anx
iety among those Interested In the depart
ed ones. Two are supposed to be now float-
Ing In the waters of the bay. and two
more have disappeared, one- of. them
•with hl3 wife's money.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
1118 Broadway. Oct. 13.
Barber Accused of Taking
Wife's Coin— Solicitor
Leaves Bride.
Two Supposed to Have
Been Drowned, Oth
ers Missing.
LOST MEN WORRY
THE DAKLANDEBS
NEWS OF THE COUNTY OF ALAMEDA BERKELEY OAKLAND ALAMEDA
THE SAN FKANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, OCTOBER 14, 1903.
President Rickard of Board of Trustees Says it
Is Time University Town Made Forward Move,
and Declares Issuance of Bonds Timely
HOPES TO SEE BERKELEY TAKE
A HIGHER PLACE AMONG CITIES
4
The Call's Cook Book prem-
ium offer will close on October
30, 1903, and all readers of this
paper who desire a copy of this
household treasure should*not
fail to * place their order im-
mediately.
This splendid premium will
be offered to Call subscribers at
the exceptionally low rate of
fifty cents per copy. Out of
town orders twenty cents ad-
ditional to cover prepayment of
transportation charges.
COOK BOOK OFFER TO
CLOSE OCTOBER 30.
JNO. J. FULTON CO.
Bright's Disease and
Diabetes^ News.
San Francisco, Oct. 12, 1003.
Cures are reported from many di-
rections. We reported three last
week from New Jersey- alone. Here
are two new recoveries from one re-
mote point in Canada.
Mrs. Miller, wife of F. H. Miller,
superintendent and manager of large
lumber company. at Rainy River, Ont.,
first wrote on August 10 as follows:
"My "husband commenced taking
3'our Renal Compound June 6. His
case was diagnosed 'as Bright's Dis-
ease by specialists. He learned of the
Compound through a gentleman liv-
ing near here who was cured by it,'
and sent to the States for it. There
is some improvement, but he does
not regain his strength. Is it this
cold, dry climate that is retarding re-
covery?"
Xhe following letter, dated two
months later, will now be understood:
Rainy River, Ont., Sept. 24, 1903.
The Jno. J. Fulton Co. —
Gentlemen: The last month the
improvement has been very marked.
We certainly give the Compound
credit for our hopeless case, pro-
nounced so by the physicians, and
are only too happy to recommend it
when occasion offers. Mr. Miller has
now taken two dozen, and is appar-
ently as well as ever. Please express
a half dozen more via Beaudette
Minn. MRS. F. H. MILLER,
Above is one of the many interest-
ing cases in which one friend told
another and both recovered.
Bright's Disease and Diabetes are.
now curable by the Fulton Com-
pound in about 87 per cent of all
cases. Send for literature. Jno. J.
Fulton Co., 409 Washington St., San
Francisco, sole compounders.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
SimpleRemedy
„ for- {:
ShinTwuble
fl -«. ? a * bo th ® affected part with _ «
I H«i«*«ll'« Soap, dry with a soft H
H towel, and with, the finger apply a
1 HeiikeU's Ointment. One appllca- H
B • tion a day. for a short while, usu- if
H ally cures — never required more g
i\ than twice a day — for a complete H
i « ur t°i plm P le »- Blotches on Face. H
i gaf 06^ 8 Itch, Tetter, Erysipelas. «
fl Salt Rheum, Scald Head. Ring- 1
I J??" 13 * Itch - Ulcers. Burns. Scalds, \\
™ Ulcers in Ear. Sore Nose and Eye- B
ft lids. Itching Piles, and any erup- jS
|1 tlon of the skin. HrtskeU's Oiat- m
a meat cures where- all. alteratives II
1 sarsaparlllas, iodides and mercu- m
H rial medicines fall. It Is very Eg
H soothing and cooling, making the B
I" skin beautifully fair and smooth! i
Recommended and used by phvsleiarui ¥i
for fifty years. At Crugg\,tm\ oo cent.! I
Send for book of testimonial* fu
i JOH2TSTON, HOUOWAY ft CO
Mk 531 Commerce St., Philadelphia.** JH
®nm. Vigor, Vitality for Men.
MORMON BISHOP'S PUJ3
years by the Uadem of th«
Morraon Church and thilr
followers. Positively cure thi
worn cam in old and yours
arlilne from effects of wif-
S!" ££i «raokta«. cur» Lost
Manhood, Imj>ot?ncy, Lost
. _ Power « Nlcht Losses In*; m-
Bia. Fabia in Back. Evtl Desires. La me Back.
Ntrvoua Dabillty, Headache. Unntnesa to Mar-
ry, Loss of Semen, p- g*. Varlcocel« or Con-
¦Upatlon. Stop N«r *^ t J vou» Twltchtnjt at
Eyelid i. 2atectaap»^rrzr Immediate. Impart
rUior ard potency*»CT3 to , Tery function,
Don't »»t despondent, a cur* u ae hand. Re-
store small, undeveloped oreaas. StlmuUt*
ths brain and nerve centers; 50c a box* 0 fo»
f2 SO by mail. A written cuarantM to cur» <c
money refunded with 6 boxes. Circulars tr*+.
Weak Men and Women
OHOULD USE DAMIANA BITTERS. TUB
S,STh '. M * XlC *? Ren >edy: Clvea health and
i strength to sexual organs. Depot, 323 Markst.The maniac gave his name to Chief
Engineer Donaldson as J. W. Enches of
St. Louis, and said that he had sold a lot
of goods entrusted to him by his em
ployer and had spent the money In ca
rousing. He declared tTiat detectives
were on his track.
Eaches went aboard at San Francisco.
He appeared sane enough until the boat
had reached nearly The Brothers. Then
he ran into the engine-room and made
at the chief engineer as if to assault
him. Donaldson prepared to resist and
the man came to a stop and began to cry
that detectives were pursuing him. The
STOCKTON, Oct. 13.-An insane man
terrorized the crew of the steamer Colum
bia last evening on her trip from San
Francisco and finally plunged overboard
and waa drowned.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Crew of River Steamer
Terrorized by Insane
Man.
MANIAC LEAPS
FROM A VESSEL
NAPA, Oct. 13.— A disastrous wreck oc
curred In the Napa railroad yards last
evening which delayed the departure of a
frleght train fo^ several . hours - and re
quired the assistance of a special eng!na
and wrecking outfit fram Vallejo to disen
tangle. The freight train was switching
at the time, when a student brakeman
made a mistake in throwing the switch.
As a result a collision occurred in whica
one flat car was broken In two, a box car
was badly smashed and other cars and
their contents were damas^d.
Student Brakeman Causes Wreck.
Brakeman Suffers Injury in an Acci-
dent on the O. B. and N.
Line. '
PENDLETON, Or., Oct. 13.-Fifteen cars
of the extra westbound Oregon Railroad
and Navigation freight were piled in a
ditch at Huron, 'thirty- five miles west of
here, . early this morning by the tram
breaking in two.
Brakeman Blair was slightly Injured.
A wrecking train has been Bent from The
Dalles to clear the track. ."*::
TRAIN BREAKS AND CARS
ARE PILED IN A DITCH
Miss Cressell, or Mrs. Wood, as she was
kno.wn until recently, claims that Wood
went through a form of marriage with
ler In Vancouver last June. She alleges
that at that time he knew that he had a
v..fe living In "the United States. Since
then Wood has been divorced from his
first wife.
Miss Cressell says that Wood has a
la:ge amount of money, being principal
owner in the Peter the Great mine of Ha
zel, Mont. She Is a well-known young
woman of Whatcom and she and Wood
were prominent in society In that city
for the first few weeks after tl-.tir report
ed marriage. The warrant has becu s'jnt
to Montana with Instructions to arrest
Wood. An officer will bj sent lor him in
order that he may be tried in Vancouver.
VANCOUVER, B. C. Oct. 13.— A war
rant has been issued by the Vancouver
police at the Instance of Miss Elizabeth
Ciessell of Whatcom, charging bigamy
against Joseph A. Wood, a wealthy min
ing man of Montana.
British Columbia Police
Have Warrant for
a Rich Man.
WOMAN ACCUSES
HIM OF BIGAMY
CHICAGO, Oct. 13. — During a flre that de
stroyed two residences In Irving Park to-day
three children were rescued from death by
medical students of Jeflerson High School.
Raymond Saunders. 5 years old. is believed to
have perished In the flames.
son left his engine and ran to head him
off. Eaches then dashed across the tn
gine-room and shouted: "Goodly, chief."
and dove through an open port Into the
bay.
An effort was made to rescue the rain,
but he did not appear on the water'a
surface.
engineer saw that the man was mentally
unbalanced and told him to go down Into
the vessel's hold and hide.
Eaches did so, but shortly afterward
came on deck again. He then told the
engineer his name. He asked Donaldson
to notify his relatives if the detectives
caught him. The engineer Induced him to
go into the hold again. Eaches would not
remain in hiding, however. Hu returned
to the engine-room and started to run
around behind the port. engine. Donald-
To Illinois belongs the distinction of be
ing' the greatest whisky making State In
the Union.
f*~j-^liK Grand Lodge of Free and Ac
; cepted Masons of the State of Cal-
I ifcrnia met in QXty-toorth annual
communication in the Masoric
Tcmrle yesterday with Orrin S.
H^nderfon cf Storkton, worshipful grand
master, and all the grand officers present.
The number of representatives who an
fwcrf-d roll call was the largest in the
history of the order, nearly 500.
Th'- corning sessicn was taken up with
the formal opening and calling of the roll.
At the afternoon session the report of the
grand rna5ter and that of Grand Secretary
Johrtxos were read and referred to a spe
cial committee of five. The repcrt of the
grand master is an able and Interesting
resume of the prosperity of the fraternity
in this jurisdiction ajid of the bright pros
pects for It. That of the grand secretary
deals with the business of the grand body
and shows a material Increase in finance
and in membership, a little more than
2300 having been made fraters of the sev
eral blue lodges during the preceding
twelve months.
BEPOBTS PRESENTED.
Then there were presented the reports
of the grand treasurer, grand Wcturer.
that of the committee on correspondence
and that of the trustees of the Masonic
and Orphans' Home at Decoto.
The*© were also referred to appropriate
committees. The grand secretary then
presented the reports of all the boards of
relief of the State. At a quarter past 5
o"clock the Grand Lodge was called off
until 9 o'clock this morning, when there
will be a short session, after which the
lodge will be called off again to enable
the grand officers and representatives to
take part In dedicatory exercises at De
coto.
During the evening Fresno Lodge ap
peared before the Grand Lodge and ex
emplified the Master Mason, or third, de
gree; to-morrow night Excelsior Lodge
will exemplify the feilowcraft. or second,
degree, and on the following night the
entered apprentice, or first, degree will be
exemplified Jay Marih Lodge, at which
time Mill Valley Lodge, under dispensa
tion, will be constituted.
It Is probable that E. H. Hart of Berke
ley will be selected junior grand warden.
Yesterday afternoon and evening Yerba
Buena Lodge of Perfection No. 1, Ancient,
and Accepted Scottish Rite of Freemason
ry, was in session for the purpose of con
ferring the degrees on those members of
the Grand Lodge who had not been ad
vanced to them. Twenty received the
fourth and about forty the fifth degree.
WORK ACCOMPLISHED.
The following was the balluster of work
yesterday:
Afternoon at 2 o'clock — Fourth deijrw or
¦ecret master, conferred by M. V. William
Parker Filmer. venerable master, representing
THE GRAND MARSHAL. WHO WILL HEAD THE PROCESSION OP MA
SONS THIS MORNING ON THEIR WAY TO DEDICATE THE SIM
INOFF TEMPLE AT THE MASONIC HOME.
This morning there will be formed on
Post street in the immediate vicinity of
the Masonic Temple, under marshalship
of John Tonningsen, the grand Masonic
procession that will march along certain
streets on the way to the ferry and go to
Decoto, where in the afternoon the tem
ple presented to the Ma.«onlc fraternity
and built near the home by M. Slmlnort
of this city is to be dedicated. The pro
cession will be made up of Knights Tem
plar, who will act as escort to the v grand
master and other grand officers of tho
Grand I»dge, of the Scottish Rite bodies
and of the blue lodges of this city and
those across the bay. The line of march
is out Post street to Grant avenue, down
that thoroughfare to Market street and
n?png that street to the ferry landing. At
Oakland pier there will be special trains
to convey the members of the fraternity
and their relatives and friends to th'j
home. All the chapters of the Order of
the Eastern Star will be represented In
the number of excursionists. At the home
Charles L. Patton, chairman of the board
of trustees, will formally welcome tho
grand master and ask him to dedicate
the new edifice according to the ancient
rites of the fraternity in the name of Ma
sonry. There will be a short response by
the grand master and the ceremonies will
proceed without delay.
TBIP TO DECOTO.
Evening at & o'clock — "Virtue has united,
and death shall rot separate." Fourteenth
degree, or perfect Klu. conferred hy M. V.
¦William Parker Filmer, venerable master, as-
Mntcd ly a full corps of officers, incidental
music and complete accessories. "To assist,
encourage and defend the Brethren; to protect
the oppressed: right the wronged; raise th«
fallen: relieve a* ant and distress; enlighten
the people; servo well the commonweal and
be faithful cf all good works."
Director of the work. M. V. Harry Joseph
Lask. V. V. M. . .
The lodge will not be in session to-day,
but to-morrow will have the following
work:
Afternoon at 2 o'clock — Thirteenth degree,
or royal arch of Solomon, conferred by M. E.
John Hudolph Ruckstell. J. \\\. representing
Kins Solnmcr. "Honor and duty Is heaven's
first law."
King Solomon. "Duty Is with us always In
flerlble as fate." Fifth degree, or perfect
master, conferred by E. George Varcce. repre
fertlnfr K!np Solomon, and Henry Simo'n Man
helm a» King: Khalrom. "Do not unto others
that which we would not have others do unto
us." Sixth degree, or confidential secretary.
"I will break my word to no men." S?vemh
degree, or provost and judge. "See that ye
Judge not falsely." Eighth depree, or lntenJ
ant of the. building. "Ever remember he Is
your brother."
Evening at 8 o'clock — Ninth degree or Elu of
the nine, conferred by. M. V. Henry Ajs
croft, P. V. M.. representing King Solomon.
"Defend weakness aga'.r.st strength. th«
friendless against the great, the oppressed
againrt the oppressor." Tenth degree, or Elu
of the fifteen. "To the cause of toleration
tgainst lanaticlsm." Eleventh degree, or Elu
of the twelve. "Bo true to all men."
Twelfth degree, or master architect. "No evil
can overcome wisdom."
There were speeches made by President
Scallen and other officers of the company
assuring the men of the company's inter
est in their welfare and deprecating the
fight of confiscation that is being made
on the company, through friendly courts,
by the United Copper Company.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
BUTTE, Mont., Oct. 13. — An affair
which is believed to never have been
equaled In the United States was a. holi
dt.y festival and barbecue given by the
Amalgamated Copper Company to 8000
of Ite employes in Butte to-day. Tho
affair was planned and carried out by
President William Scallen of the Ana
uunda Company, and was calculated to
picmot« the friendly feelirg existing be
tween tho .men and -their employers.
About 6500 men marched Jn a parade and
four bands of music took part.
At Columbia Gardens, a few miles east
of Butte, the festival was held and everyl
thiny from the street. cars to food, drink
and cigars were free and in abundance.
Eight oxen, fifty hogs and twenty-flve
sheep were roasted. For a week the
bakeries of Butte had been baking for
the occasion, and the breweries and
cigar factories have been called on for
heavy contributions. The barbecue co3t
the Amalgamated Company fully SoO.OX),
besides which the men, nearly 8000, were
given a holiday, their wages of $3 50 paid
them in full.
Corporation Flan? Festival
to Show Its Feeling
Toward the Men.
Employes of Amalgam
ated Copper Com
pany the Quests.
EIGHT THOUSAND
AT A BARBECUE
THE SAS FBANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, OCTOBER 14. 1903.
Session Will Adjourn Temporarily to Allow Officers
to Visit Decoto for the Purpose of Dedicating
Siminoff Temple, Adjunct of Masonic Home
STATE MASONIC GRAND LODGE
HOLDS ANNUAL COMMUNICATION
5
NEW ADVERTISEMENTS.
NEW SCIENTIFIC PROCESS.
A Preparation Discovered That Will
Destroy the Dandruff Germ.
For some time It has been known that
dandruff Is caused by a germ that digs
up «the scalp Into little white flakes, and
by sapping the vitality of the hair at the
root, causes "falling hair, and, of course,
finally baldness. For ysars there have
been all kinds of hair stimulants and
scalp tonics on the market, but there has
been no ipermanent cure for dandruff,
until the discovery of a preparation
called Newbro's Herpicide. which destroys
the dandruff germ. Destroy - the cause,
the effect will cease to exist. Kill the
dandruff germ and you'll have no dan-
druff, no itching scalp, no falling: hair.
Sold by leading druggists. Send 10c in
stamps for sample to The Horplcide Co..
Detroit.- Mich.
CASTOR I A
Por Infants and Children,
[ha Kind You Have Always Bough!
Bears the //"//jJiTT 1
Siguaturo of C^f^ZA^^
\
THE EMPORIUM. ; THE EMPORIUM. | THE EMPORIUM. \ THE EMPORIUM.
Sterling SHver Special Sale Goods ordered by mail D^tSntSGSi Wlfasi®
Novelties 37c Each or tele P h r e ™ llnot b: sent c ; °- D - F^^nSnM £#;»#«?
A SPIV jfijlP and^!"a £ li^ofbeautifuI d^ ! hUe
vSyM/jfw^- WBS^^k california-s LARGEST- j/^.^1 — —^^ and evening hats in all the large
/wC lI2P^^ir ¦ .ign^miiiiflin grandest store Gainsborough and dress shapes.
Ill A y^°m is .uThan J he y are made of laces, velvets.
if I I op ortunity as this Vfog* F*TM*f*n£*fBMB*/P* fUFS an " aI1 he neW braids;
isf // Im : !\ "«ered. especially m MB9Of s onu BBs&wiB <£& trimmed in plumes. Paradise
W 1/ hBBVj . at the threshold of ¦ *aB*u*3 f* ** s>9 a* a*4 feathers, flowers and aigrettes —
P \\ M «to-n»*n g » c " on - *f»«T %jr*Mrp&M prices $15, £20, $25. $35.
Mi JJ Isr^ The«c arc unusu- _ gtt^ £ ,
16 : ;« fi^d Sale sa Success *$£% Jigf!
articles iuit»b!e for ths toilet, tab"e or desk in Crowds of home-furnishers are availing them- j '"^ -j/ 3 • /^^^^iV^^^^K^K
handsome F.ench gray finish, worth selves of the generous reductions we have made a " d chen f'/ 0^^^^^^^/'^^^'
65c each; to-day only mS / G from our regular low department store prices on the t J e 2 un m etJ JJ %-&^^^R / '^^K^ L if ; *j
The aisortmcnt eoniist. cf f 80,000 worthof medium and high-grade furniture shades, black * ,*\ir . ~<$j)
niiifi:ej naiibrmhM d.meri, shoe homt and carpets now offered for less than ,<60,000. If and white, sLJ^ \
toe-h bn»h« blotter, ,hoe buttoner. h.T curie,. you need nevv furniture don't miss this chance. trimmed with soft aigrettes \ \
8C> " " lbeih twefze " ctc ' etc - These few items will give an idea of the price cuts an^ Pompons and jet steel t . \
now be i ne mac j e . and new fall flowers, others
25C Hosiery NOW ¦ A .,„ r A, J ., , , -,! . ,-o* «^ trimmed with wings and fancy feathers
To-Day Only— Ladies' imported Hctmsdort A 5 90.00 Colonial (French) Davenport . $71*50 Haw, in ail the new «ha ? « an-i iryio, b bbek, ca»tir, ;
b.ack, two-thread Maco cotton lace hose, A 3-piece Parlor Suit $48*75 violet, brown— at . .5^.50, $3.25, $5.50
high spliced hee's, double soles; three very A Birdseye Maple Dresser • .. . $53.80 A 1Ine of Children'i and Mie« l Han, in ch-: low fl«
pretty designs, a quaV which is *m _ a S40.00 Mahoganv Dresser for • . . .$34*65 crownf ' wide roUin5 bri ™ s; uimm:d J n T:!vet »
rarely offered at z S c ; for .his sa'e, pr M £ C A M00.00 Curly Birch Bedroom Suit... $82. 5O 5 V n d r?7! . • 5 *- '• ' -' $1.75
3 pairs 50c A J35. 00 Golden Oak Chiffonier. . . $27*75 chndrcn'i untfmmed Hae» and with sak Ard _._
— — — —^— . An ii 80.00 Full size Brass Bed .. ..." $71*50 trimming, •: u 5 o, ji.is and S5C
Totlef Sets and A.^0 Golden Oak Sideboard. . • • .$39*75 -— — — —^— —^— — —
Sofa Cushions — — —^ tt — — Umfbs*Q§Bas $1.38
at Half Price B&*G®& &&OSSS Worth $2*50
Hundreis of dainty Swhs toilet sets, with pin &S»i£ca TTtTSt
cushion cover to match, in pretty floral de- «S5«H*S? M W&gt&^ Hundreds of high- . >jg?gg^ !
signs fi-,i h:d with pink, blue, yellow, red and 50c Shirt Waist and Wrapper Materials— 30 inches, all ; r>tJe Umbrellas, tfff*^*^*- \ V/
green iinings, the kind that is always sold rcg- wool challies in polka dot and small neat figure fitted with best ste:l \ V J C> r- I \(
ul?rly at 50c set; to-day at the big tyg*^ and scroll designs; hundreds of yards ro^ s » P ara S on h*™* p f) /
store for d^^3uS on special sale to-day. • 4£*mf$2 md covered with | t '
HU back1n1S?/ n 1 d 'f CU5hion TT'- top a t 85c SilK and Mohair Waitings— One of the newest ™n^J° o ?' *?£.* U A I '
back, m str king Ho al and conventional designs; such , .,.*•- . . . . . , , , r ,, luaaty nn.oa tafteta, ii iK
n-w cfflcti « F.ag L : lie«, Pin- Nurg, Diin s in ipder and prettiest WaiSt materials for the fall Season. nounted wth handsom: MR "^
web design, etc., always soil it 50c reg- 4f They are mostly White grounds With lace Stripes, undies of selected horns, 3= h J.
uiariy; here to-day for u*J%* will wash well and will make very serviceable rb » nor ?> 1 . /JsSk i^ J
A fine assortment of tinted pillmv tops for and dressy waists; to-day only, yard ©^ mt d'— 'umbrella. /Vfl ;' f?
the Holidays has just arrived, including *&&%* wn h up u ga. 50 each, mh 1m jjrj &
winter scenes u>ith hotly, baskets of roses, m : °- da 7 onl y / \\r ' [ M flW|l j*j%
Practical Suits $1.38 mm ft
have narked, each V ¦ SOo jgfr SjflJ^g S "'
Mantel Drapes jffif , **** aut. &» ** Toilet Articles
r*tano VGarfS* £tG. \ / . $27^0 we oUcr a choice collection Emporivm Bath Cabinets— Latest improved
The new ideas in mantel drapes and piano scarfs arc now on ol suits for street or outing wear heating apparatus, equal to any S6.00
i sp!ay ™.!T Vf" the cur "'i n and -t™^ "!f ?a /^ n J' JIaM at $17.45. They are made of cabinet on the market, book of instruc-
they are msds of saternt veku-s, si ks and sa-in damask, Iffy \-\\\ - ".- • i . , . , -• -.. u v xu *r> o *rV»
and are fringed all around ready for u-e ? each. . . . // 3^^^A\A medlUm Wdght materials in tlOnS With each bath $3*50
SI. 25, £2, $2.75, $3, $3.75, $5 ka^h^'llra fancy mixtures or solid colors, Emportum Robber Gloves— Same quality and
Oriental StHptd Silk— Beautiful combinatons "of colon v!i^2fflV.I f suc^ as ue » brown make as the $1 .50 advertised, pair. 95o
for cverd:apes and long drapery overrides tf lace curtains; .V and red - They are either in Toilctand Bath Soaps — Kirk's or Jerqens',
per yard si. 5 o and $2.OO (if//' 'vi the Eton jackets or double- 12 different odors; 6 cakes for . . 24c
Dimns Room T^ble Covcn-Fme tapestries .nd hand- M \ breasted English walking style La Boinita Olive Castile -A new kind, well
some color ettrct!, rich grein«, ecru, cr mson- 6 patterns. Si! \ .,¦ .. v . t • j j j ¦ it/ >L L o »-
rach .... '. S5.OO I 1 \ with unhned, short skirts or recommended; large 2^-lb. bars..-25To
Lace Curt2!n*-ico pirs.3^ yard* ion 5 , 5 oand S4 inches If! \ lined trained skirts. They Imperial Water Bottles— Pure red gum rub-
wHe, i o patterns, coors ecu or white, a very select if • \ are one, two or three of a kind ber, guaranteed, 2 quarts 90c, 3
lineoffeiigm; pair. . |'| || ¦ \ of many numbers which have quarts < • • $1mOO
-» . ... x fl i| \\ been sold during the season at ¦
Gracertes—Ltefuors n 11 |.\ the above prices and now are Ladies' Petticoats
To-Day's Specials II | |\\ *H marked at^j-^^jyy Some Unusual Values
°^l n^-^" n^"^ d '^y 15V M || |\\ above garments Black Sateen Petticoats, good quality,
.. X L AimonW-La'^a'nd'new.'ib'.'. . . i 3o J£/ W '|V^ made full flounce with Van Dyke ac-
Asparasus-Largewhie, better than fresh; tin. 2Oc W 1 1^ New Fall W^^-In fancy COrdeOH pleated rutfles,
Mu«nin.Oiiva-B«t quality, ot . .... 18o \_ JL1J> white Oxiords, cheviots and Eng- hem and ruffle and under ruffle. $1*25
Crystola-Kirk's celebrated .couring soap and poli.her; < , llsh vesting effect, in dainty fig- PettlCOatS of fancy black and white
dor . 45c ured or striped patterns, waists that arc absolutely worth striped materials, deep* knife-pleated
«ke . . . . . «... .4c 9 2.75 and $3.00 each; here for $2*25 flounce, finished with narrow ruffle and
Hock White Wine— a choice dinner wine; gal . . 45c Ladies' MacKmtoshcs — "Prepare for a rainy day" by buy- black rose ruching, under ruffle; price
Yellow$tone Whiskey— Taylor & Williams, full quarts, ing one ot these fins double-faced mackintosh cloth, ¦* $1*50
either Rye or Bourbon •••••• • • ¦ $1.05 with top cape, mackintoshes, sizes from 54 to 60 inches; B , ack petticoats of excellent quality sat-
Good Bourbon Whiskey- Two bottle, . . . $1.00 a good < 4 .oo value; here for $3*25 PPn madp with rfppn flnunrP h-wina
Porter-Be« gme.de, a t.nic and sy.em h^Mj- Mackfntosh Ra^Uns-Mad'e of fine quaity double-faced plalfbal'ifrS f^
SI'Ot> c oth in naw or black, size 54 to 62 inches; worth $6.03; $4.95 narrow runies sex on ana tnree
Port, Sherry or Ange'ica—Choxe old California wines; Some extra choc: $7. 50 Mackintosh Raglans in brown and mixed cr rovvs °» Strapping, made IUil Width;
ins'eid of$i.50gailon, to-day $t,O5 Oxford grays, arc marked 86*75 price ..$1*38
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
y||j|||k Either Style
There are so many satisfied wearers of our $1.30
hats we are sure they \v ill be pleased to learn of a new
shipment which just arrived from the factory.
We consider this 1 ot the best at the price we have
ever received. They comprise all styles and colors in
soft and stiff shapes. v
We picture two of the many styles. Each is in the
height of fashion, and the. price makes it easily afforded.
They are the equal of any $2.00 hats. We guarantee
them to be so. Money back or a new hat free is our
s guarantee.
Out-of-town orders filled — write us. ,
740 Market Street
-_,--,--,-,._--.,_- DOAN'S KIDNEY PILLS.
jooopooco©oeoQeoo§9O8ego<j©©eo«Gocc«CG9($®o«6oo8C««coc0CO9eoo€OO9cad;
y)^^jL%njl .' oes seem that women have more than a fair share of the <
'^^^^^j^j'^/^^^mX aches and pains that affect humanity; they must "keep up," \
<&0%&r^'' jlttP^ must attend to daily duties in spite of constant aching back, of |
%&a. /W*&\ headaches, dizzy spells, bearing-down pains; they must stoop*
ptfl*^ ' "" ° Ver w^ en to stoop means torture. They must walk and bend \
/ and work with racking- pains and many aches from kidney ills. J
K||raF5||f9|ffira K Kidneys cause more suffering than any other organ of the i
k°^ V ' Keep tlle kidneys well and health is easily maintained. !
Read of a remedy for kidneys only, that helps and cures the kid- j
-*^^ neys and is indorsed by people you know. *
0 A Trial Free!
:\Tr?. George Paul, wife of George Paul, employed with the Pacific States Tele- ffff $8qSfflf, iCititt & V /lailssaL <
phone and Tr l^graph Company, residing at 3 Avery street, says: "I never used any K&j j *"*¦•*%£ fji^p||i (
medicine or had a iircr-cription nilcd ullich did me as much good as Doan's Kidney raL«*U™l PUlS% uli|l|l *
Pills. If ever a woman required the use of Just such a strengthening, purifying Vfi^^wct. <zt> tUj»v T
and cleansing a remedy for the kidneys as Doan's Kidney Pills are, I am that
party. When I state tho.t I suffered the most agonizing pain In my back, that at * vm .tT1 * r "ny"™-*=» ¦" -¦•»• (
times the slightest movement increased the sufterinjf, that a little overexertion or j
a short wal!i always terminated In spasms of pain, I only half state the actual AM [' (
facts. The treatment of Doan's Kidney Pills acted directly on my kidneys, stop- p # q - ## , *_;/' (
ped the backache, the languor and depression which attended the attacks ceased <
and my general health was so Improved that In place of housework being a drag STATE.. '.v : <
It was a pleasure to perform. I waa to convinced of the merits of Doan's Kidney ' ¦ j
Piiis that I gave a lady friend of mine, living in ©akland, a few. She followed up ponto FMtw^iibuV^c". 1 bSiSST ' j
the treatment and reports to me that the remedy is excellent. I cheerfully recom- >»• V. If above space Is Insufficient, <General J. P. Sanger, chief of the Philippine cen
sus, says that Uncle Sam has acquired 7.000,000 civ
i]':zed subjects and 600,000 uncivilized in the islands of
the southern seas. It would be interesting and pos
sibly instructive to discover how he made the distinc
tion. To everybody else who has traveled to our
new possessions all Filipinos look alike, and if they
are civilized it must be a new brand
A Berkeley professor has announced, ex-cathedra,
that there is nothing inherent in the moral, physical
or mental character of a student which should make
him" anything else than a gentleman in whatever com
pany he may be thrown. This decree, coming from
such a source, will be hailed by the public with sat
isfaction and a hope that some students, fortunately
a minority, will accept the decision as a guide of
conduct.
The marvels of police craft in this city seeit,
never to end. Two pool-sellers have been captured
and brought to book and nobody appears able to give
a satisfactory explanation for the phenomenon. These
gamblers must have been off the regular beat of the
favored ones. They could not have been operating
on any of our leading thoroughfares, for that would
have meant immunity from police interference. Per
haps they were strangers in town.
SALOON— Subscriber, Vallrjo. Cal. The
old directories of this city show that one
William T. HIggins krpt .a saloon at 711
Montgomery street in 1S6J and subse
quently he was in business at the same
place with a man named Ladd. '.
INSECTS— M. R.. Richmond district.
City. It Is probable, from the description
In your letter, that the inserts that Infest
one of the rooms In jour house ar* ants.
If they are confined to one room the best
method to get rid of them is to take out
all the furniture, have it thoroughly
Co-education in Kansas has reached a development
which must make glad the heart of the most insistent
new woman in the world. At a recent meeting of
rival class women of a Kansas college the young
ladies clashed, fought, scratched, blacked one an
other's eyes, tore their garments to shreds and
otherwise conducted themselves as fit candidates for
a house of refuge. Technically their performance
was known as a lively exhibition of class feeling.
OLD-TIME STEAMER - A. S.. City.
The only steamer that arrived in San
Francisco September 12, 1S5$, was the
Senator. Captain Sealy; three days from
San Diego.
Several police officers, as yet unnamed in the accu
sation, are charged with the offense of working as
bakers while enjoying the salary of the municipality
given to guardians of the peace. There is some like
lihood, therefore, that several unnamed specimens
of the "finest" may discover that" their cake is dough
in both dishes.
THERE is a new era for the mines of the Mother
Lode in this State, so says the Mother Lode
Banner, and proceeds to give particulars. The
Banner, which is published at Sonora, in the heart of
the mining county of Tuolumne, says: "The use of
crude oil as a steam-maker is increasing rapidly in
this county. By its use the mine operators see a j
way of escape from the vexatious annual shutdown
that has been necessary when water is alone depended
upon." •
To be independent of water in the operation of
mines has been the dream of operators for years. The
remedy for months of inaction did not at first ap
pear, nor has it even yet been clearly developed in
any section. The anxious eyes of the dwellers on
the Mother Lode and in all places where there are
l.ines in California has from the earliest days been
directed to the lofty peaks of the high Sierras and to
their rugged and ample flanks for the purpose of dis
cerning each year the amount and condition of the
snowfall, the storehouse of power for the summer
months. Now, so reasons the Banner, that will
eventually be a thing of the past.
"The installation of oil-burning plants," it says,
"has made several companies independent enough to
run through the water famine, patronizing the water
company when it has water to sell, but the-invcn
tion of direct acting crude oil consuming engines is
making power so cheap that there is little use of
buying water at any season."
For instances of this independence the Banner cites
the Santa Ysabcl mine and the Standard Lumber
Company factory. The Jamestown electric light
plant, :t also says, will buy no more water or elec
tricity, but will generate its own electric energy by
the use of an engine running at a cost far below what
was formerly paid for water.
The cost of producing power on the Mother Lode
has been estimated by the Banner, which says: "It
has been recently demonstrated in this county that
POWER ON THE LODE.
GRIZZLY BEARS— Constant Reader.
City. The l«tf st. writers on grizzly bears
which are found In California say that
such animals hibernate but little, if at
all. 4
COTTON MILL — H-. Redding. Cal.
There Is a cotton mill in California. It
Is known as the California Cotton Mills
and is located in Oakland.
Twenty Filipino students are coming to California
to be acclimated and to learn the English language,
two necessary preparations for their prospective dis
tribution in institutions of learning and culture in
the Eastern States. For their sake and ours it is to
be hoped that the young men will not be permitted
to know that Kentucky is on the map. Armed with
a six-shooter and Kentuckian morality a single Fili
pino could keep the islands indefinitely in an up
roar.
LABOR DAY-F. L., City. I.abor day
in the United States Is a day set apart
as a holiday for and In recognition of the
laborers as a class.
The joint note cf Austria and Russia, designed to
suggest a solution to the Macedonian problem, is not
taken seriously by Bulgaria, which is discredited by
the suspicion that it is an active but secret instigator
of the entire trouble. The Bulgarian Cabinet evi
dently forgets that the men who use pens also wield
swords in the interesting game in which the Balkans
now hold the European stage.
WIDE, WIDE WEST— Subscriber. City.
The catalogues of published books do not
contain the title of "The Wide, Wide
West."
SWEETMEAT — C. Yreka, Cal. The
Spanish for sweetmeat is fruta confidata.
MORMON LEADER WHO HAS
BEEN ELECTED A UNION PA
CIFIC DIRECTOR.
RECENT incidents in Chicago may make it !
necessary for the State Board of Trade to
enlarge its inquiry into the marketing of Cali- 1
iornia fruit. Mr. Watson, president of the bank- ;
rupt Porter Brothers Company, when summoned '
before the referee in bankruptcy and interro
gated upon the subject of rebates secured by his
company, refused to answer on the ground that to do
bo would incriminate him. The issue on rebates was
raised by the New York manager of the concern, who
intervene* in the bankruptcy proceedings with a
claim of several hundred thousand dollars due as his
ihare of the profits, z.ri<l consisting of rebates, as he ;
claims.
The examination into the affairs of this company ';
shows that it was doing an enormously profitable j
business. Leaving out rebates entirely, it is evident
that the company, by Peter Funk auctions of fruit
Ziyi by other methods of shearing the producers, sc
ciired enormous gains, and was so enriched that it
put its surplus into speculative enterprises, like the
northern fisheries, and finally overreached itself and j
became insolvent. It took advantage of the necessi
ties of the producers which it had caused, and by
adopting the method of small advances to growers
upon an anticipated crop, had practically covered the
State with a system of crop mortgages which gave i*
a conclusive monopoly of the crop of the State. Hav- j
ing the growers in its control by these advances, and j
being possessed of the means ,to make a fictitious
auction price, it held the industry in an iron grip.
It is a marvelous testimony to the fruitfulness of our
orchards and to the economy of the producers that ;
they were still ablerto exist and thrive after a fashion j
though the victims of craft and exactions that would
Jonjj ago have destroyed an ordinary industry.
The question of rebates raises an issue that may I
prove very serious to the officers of the defunct com
pany. The interstate commerce law makes rebating
«sn offense, with civil and criminal penalties. It is
intimated that the rebates were given by the refrig
erating companies and the subsidiary corporations
which owned the fruit car service. But this does not
in any way mitigate or condone the offense, for it is
equally obnoxious to the law if given by these col
lateral corporations as if given by the railroad com
panies themselves.
Thr fruit-growers will see at once that any system
of rebates given to Porter Brothers Company only
increased its pewer to monopolize 'the traffic by
shutting out co-operative concerns and rival com
panies which did not enjoy the rebate privilege. The
rebate means that the refrigerating or car compa
nies could afford to carry the product to market at
!e«-« than the open rate. This being so, the producers
uere entitled to the less rate. But they had none of
its benefits. They have been charged the open rate
i.nd it was taken out of every shipment made by them
in the returns made by Porter Brothers Company.
Even this advantage, unfair and unlawful as it was.
<-l<d not satisfy the greed of the commission men. It
is known to be the fact that they also practiced
rharging the growers with broken carload rates on
their small lots. The small growers would deliver
lot«. less than a carload. These lots were ag
gregated to make a full car, but each grower was
rharced by the commission men the broken car
rate, which is about twice the full car rate. This
overcharge did not go to the railroad company, but
uent into the pockets of the commission men.
It is a sickening story of unfair exaction and of
a polic}' of .spoliation of the fruit-growers of Cali
fornia. The State Board of Trade has set for itself
the task of finding all the facts and putting the dis
closure in the hands of the growers, that they may
protect themselves. It is a good work and great,
.-jnd should have the sympathy and support of the
press of the State, and should be facilitated and ap
preciated by every fruit planter in California. Its re
sults may well add millions to the profits of the
planters, whose enterprise has developed this to be
the most permanent and the most characteristic of all
the industries of the State.
REBATES ON FriUir
ANSWERS TO QUERIES.
"It has always^been the custom of the
company to have ;i citizen of Utah on
the board. Brlcham Young was the first
and there has always" been one until re
cently. It was, to carry out this custom
that Mr. Smith was e'.ected."
HOUSTON; Tex., Oct. 13.— J. H. Krutt
schnitt. vice president and general man
ager of the Southern Pacific, being shown
a dispatch from California reporting that
within a few days between 250 and 300
men would be discharged on the Coast
Division of the Southern Pacific, and that,
before the order for retrenchment shall
have been fully carried out. 1200 men will
be out of employment, replied that he
could not vouch for the accuracy of the
figures, but that the principle was civ
tirely correct.
In speaking of the election of Joseph
F. Smith to the directorate. Alexander
Millar secretary for the Harriman lines,
said:
To-day's election of directors resulted in
but one change. Hon. Joseph F. Smith,
president of tho Mormon church, being
chosen resident dirtetor to succeed T. J.
Coolidge Jr. of Boston.
The board of directors will meet in New
York within the next ten days, elect offi
cers and take up several questions con
cerning the management of the road.
Among these, it is said, the proposal to
double the track from Omaha to Ogden
will be considered.
about three-fourths of the capital
stock being represented, mostly by proxy.
After the election of a board of directors
for the ensuinsr year the meeting ad
journed until November 20, when E. H.
Harriman and a party of directors will
come to Salt Lake on a special train to
be present at the opening of the Oe<5en-
L.ucin cut-off across Great Salt Lake. This
special wi'.J be the first passenger train
to run over the cut-off.
SALT LAKE. Utah. Oct. 13.-The
annual meeting of the stockholders
of the Union Pacific Railroad Com
pany was held in this city to-day,
The discussion concerning the causes of the de
cline in the supply of male teachers has brought
forth a multitude cf theories. It is one of the issues
that reveals how true is the old saying about "many
men o : many minds." The Philadelphia problem,
however, is susceptible of but one solution. A steady
decrease in the number of young people fitting them
selves for the profession of teaching in an American
city can be accounted for only upon the ground that
they are not paid a sum sufficient to enable them to
maintain the standard of living required of teachers
in that city. In other words, the whole problem, so
seemingly complex, could be solved by simply in
creasing salaries.
The Record says that many of the best teacheis of
the city in times past have left it to go to New York,
because of the higher salaries paid in the metropolis,
and adds: "We cannot expect to retain our best
teachers when cities so near as New York and Bos
ton offer, respectively. 100 per cent and 50 per cent
more salary than they can obtain in Philadelphia.
Neither can we expect young women- to go through
an arduous six years' course of preparation for a
profession so trying unless the reward be more com
mensurate with the effort. The laborer, even if he or
she be a public school teacher, is worthy of his (or
her) hire; and the hire of a teacher is- not a price to
be arbitrarily fixed, but is the average remuneration
given for like, services and under like circumstances
in the departments of education throughout . the
country. Economic laws cannot be defied in this any
more than in any other branch of human activity."
Since it is*so clear that the decline in the supply of
competent teachers in Philadelphia, and the falling
off of the number of students at the normal schools in
that city, arc due to a lack of adequate incomes ob
tainable in the profession, it is reasonable to suppose
the decline in the number, of men in the profession
throughout the country is due to a similar cause.
No class of public servants render more important
service to the community than do the teachers of
the public schools, and none is more deserving of
proper payment. The issue that now confronts Phila
delphia may eventually cpnfront the people of other
sections of the Union, and it is just as well to take
note of the problem and mark the right solution of it.
FOR many a j-ear past there have been complaints
of a lack of men in the teaching force of the
public schools. Such complaints have been in
creasing in frequency and in force of late, and at the
recent banquet of the California Schoolmasters' Club
in this city the steady decrease in the percentage of
men in the profession iivas made the theme of the
after dinner symposium. A new phase of the problem
presents itself in Philadelphia. From that city come
reports of a diminishing supply of teachers of both
sexes, and it seems that in that community it is not a
question merely of keeping up the supply of men in
the profession, but of keeping up the profession it
self.
In reviewing the situation the Philadelphia* Record
says there has been an alarming diminution in the
supply of good teachers in the local public schools,
and, what is. perhaps e\;en more notable, there has
been a remarkable falling off in the number of young
men and women who enter the local institutions with
a view to receiving instruction and training as teach
ers. It goes on to say: "Statistical information on
thi; subject has heretofore been published in the
Record, to which anybody may refer for confirmation
of the statements here made. The situation, in brief,
is this: In the next two years the Normal School
will graduate less than joo teachers; it is a matter of
official record that 250 or more teachers are required
every year to fill vacancies created by resignation or
promotion. Within two years, therefore, the supply
will be 200 short of the demand."
THE SUPPLY OF TEACHERS
WEDNESDAY OCTOBER 14, 1903 !
j
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor. j
Addroi An^Communic«t!<mi to JOHN McNAUGHT. Mwyr. |
'
Ask for THE CALL. The Operator Will Connect
Ycu "With the Department You Wish.
PCBLICATIO7T OFFICE. . .Market end Third, S. F. j
EDITORIAL ROOMS 217 to 221 SleTeMOB St.
DeliTeTwl by Carriers, 20 Cts. Per Week, 75 Cts. j
Per Month. Single Copies 5 Cents.
T*rtn» fey M*M. Xnc!u<!!n* Foete*e «Ca*h V7!th Orf«cV- |
DAXLT CALL (lncJatUcc EutxUy). on« y«*r '
DAILY CALL f.ncJuiinc Scn4*T). « taontha 4V
DAILT CALL— By Eto«le Mon'Ji "*
SUNDAT CALL. On* T«*r *-*V!
WXZIO.Y CALL. On» T«*r «»~« 3tT
f T*X7... MAO Per Tear E*T* j
I We*k)y.. 1.OO P«' Te »* Extr * j
All poilmMtrri are *ntbor«»ed «o reeeiT*
•nbwcrtptlonm.
S*tc?Ie eejrlw wOJ be fonranl«J whm nyittUi.
M*J1 rel-crifeer* != crferli* cfc*w of •««« •booW J* i
to r.~ bet* NEW AND OLD ADDRESS «» order ,
to ta«ur» a. procpt a=d correct ccapliaaoe with ttelr r«<jtie«t. (
OAKLAND OFFICE. I
1118 Broadway Telephone Mala 1OS3
DEHKELEV OFFICE.
«148 Center Street Telephone JTorth T7
WABHrVQTOK CORRESPONDENT:
IXOHTOX E. CUAXE MOO G Street, H. W.
NTTSV YORK NETWE 6TAN1J6:
Walficrf-ABtor 4 .* Hotel; A. Erect*no. 81 Udcn Bqts&re;
l£«my EU Httel; FlHh-avecue Betel *=« Hoffir*a Hco*«.
CHICAGO NEV.P STANDS:
ns«rtcaa H<7uee: P. O. News Co.; Great Northern Hottl;
Tmaoet Ewm; Au«:torlcm Hotel: Pfcln:-r Hcu*e.
CHICAGO REPRESENTATIVE:
C. GEORGE KROG>E»!> Marqnette Bnlldinc
(Loz* rttats-sce T«>rhar.e. ••Centra! 2618 ") |
KEW YORK REPRESENTATIVE:
STEPHEN B. SMITH SO Trlbone Building
BRA \CH OFFICES C27 Mor.tgrcrr.ery. comer cf Clay. ep«a
«atU 6:80 o'clock. 800 Haye«. o;>»n until »:» o" clock. «55
MeAIllrUr. open ucti: 6:30 o'clock. C15 L&rkic. open until
• -.20 c" clock. 1*41 MUilon, cj>ea uatll 10 o'clock- 22«1
lUrket, corner gixteesth. cpen until 9 o'clock. 1C»* V*.
k&cU. cj*n er-tll 6 o'clock. 106 Eleventh, open until »
e'clock. NE. ccrr^r Ctuixb an4 Duscaa ttreeia. open
crtil S o'clock. VW. corner Twecty-eecacd and Kentucky.
cy*r erf ; » o'clock. 1200 FSUmore. cpen ontll 0 o'clock.
on the hopes of the world
ONE cannot be indifferent to the spectacle of
Japan, a nation of 45,000,000 of people, de
fying Russia, with 110.000,000. War may be
averted, but in view of the glacier-like movement of
Russia it is safe to say that she will yield nothing of
consequence for the sake of peace. Surely the stake
for which Russia plays must be of supreme impor
tance, to justify the cheating of which she has been
guilty in the course of the game. .Her diplomacy
has been entirely discredited and disgraced, if judged
from the standpoint of honor and good faith. But if
judged by its success so far attained it is the great
est diplomacy in history.
If to get a position of advantage by false pre
tense and hold it by falsehood be great diplomacy,
the Russian sort is great. If she come in conflict
with Japan the stake played for will be the complete
master of Eastern Asia. If Russia win she wins more
than that, in prospect, for wipning may easily make
her the master of the world. Her victory will make
her, by alliance and force, the dictator of China. In
the Russians and the Tartars and Mongols runs com
mon blood. In facing eastward again the Russian is
only countermarching over ground that he trod as
far back as the time of Alexander the Great. If put
in control of China, which seems to' be the end
sought by Russia, it will be not control merely, but
leadership, based upon a common orientalism, but in
fused with the spirit of the modern world. She will
lead China to an awakening that will be Russian,
and the 420,000,000 of Chinese will be added to the
population and the fighting force of Russia in a stu
pendous combination that can -dictate terms to every
capital of Europe.
Given one empire, one Czar, one moving spirit
from the Baltic to the China Sea, and how insig
nificant is the part of the world left to the rest of
Europe! Persia, India and Burmah form but a nar
row strip, a mere littoral, so certain of being over
run by the vast physical force of the new Russia
that surrender of it without a struggle would seem
like consulting prudence and humanity. Never in
the history of man has such an empire been planned
before. In its political geography it will be sym
metrical, continental, and will have in comparison
with its vast area a brief and very defensible coast
line. In its commercial geography it will include
every production necessary to human existence, to
comfort and to luxury. In its industrial possibilities
it will hold the power to crush the combined com
merce of the rest of Europe, Africa and our own
hemisphere.
The vision of it all is so colossal ss to be appall
ing. Even if won at the cost of a war with Japan, it
will be the cheapest conquest and colonization and
extension and expansion of national power ever ac
complished. It will be the fruit of persistence and
deceit on the part of Russia, of jealousy and division
in the rest of Europe, and of recognition by China
of kindred blood and common destiny. The prospect
is more startling because Russia has been left out
of the calculation in all schemes for expansion and
empire exploited by the other nations. England has
made costly conquests in Hindostan and Burmah and
in Africa. The United States has stretched over some
inlands. But Russia has pushed her frontier per-
sistently and patiently across a hemisphere, never
leaving her continental footing, with no ambition to
go beyond seas, with no hunger for islands.
This continental policy was no doubt in action
when she gave up Alaska. We regard that Territory
as a prize and boast of its wealth and resources. But
what is it compared with all Eastern Asia? If Russia
owned it now all its potentiality of wealth would be
exhausted in defending it, if she have war first be
fore she reaches what her ambition craves. If she
reach it, it is the end of British empire and the
abridgment of the commercial empire of the United
States. Her position will be so strong that she can.
and may have to. defy the world in arms.
Thi? issue, of such interest to mankind, finds only
little Japan playing David to the Northern Goliah.
Nowhere around the horizon is there a sign of sup
port to the insular empire. The contest seems so un
equal as to excite the world's pity. Otherwise there
is no sign of emotion. Russia's volume of-decep
tions, her often broken faith, her multiplied duplici
ties, have not even excited the indignation of the
Governments she has deceived. It surely seems as
if Fate had come armed from the North to foreclose
Gory accounts of another disaster, with one man
dead and twenty men and women dangerously
wounded, have held the public eye for the last few
days. It was not ar clash between the' Turks and the
Macedonians, nor a fresh uprising in* the Philippines,
nor yet a Russian massacre of the Jews. It was sim
ply another head-on collision on the Southern Pacific
Railroad.
THE RUSSO-JAPANESE CRISIS.
HEAD OF THE MORMON CHURCH
IS A UNION PACIFIC DIRECTOR
A. Sbarboro. chairman of th* California
Promotion Committee, will leav« Fri<U7
for Tulare to attend th» celebration that
will be held on tho occasion of burning
the bonds of the Tulare Irrlgatlos Dis
trict on October 17. The redemption *f
the Tulare Irrigation District bonds la
such an occasion of rejoicing that the tol
lowing invitation has been sent out by tbs
people of the district:
The people of Tular* imitation Di»trtct»e*I
greeting aad earnestly W"" 1 ?? r t I2T2I
at Tulare. California. October 1.. IVA. &
occasion being the burning of the terA*j€j**r
district and as the day will b« one of r-Jsleir*
we ?lSi"y hoP» fat you wt!l Join »«h»» ;=
r.,» efforts to csak« It memorable. Oir<il*w
%<Zirl THOMAS H. THOMPSON,
your*. M c ZUMMALT .
F." M. ELBR1DOE.
C H. SLAUGKTOS.
T M. gUSKABD,
Invitation Cotnmlf.e«.
The Tulare Irrigation District fca* ar
extent of SS.COO acres. The people tn t-5»
district have paid an assessment of K
cents on the dollar to raise money to .*
deem tn. bonds. They will now b*M
to secure their water at the. rate ef gSB
W to » cents per acre each y«r. *v,
U the nominal cost of operate* *o«
Samiaining the ditches and tb* 40M
of water. For almost ten year* ti* m
Jjj?of ««• rich Tu!are **tr*t to +m
at a standstill, but now ererrtils* U
booming and the real estate «B£*
farmers in Tulare, as well as aJJ c
engaged in business in which tbe procrr**
of the county exerts an infiu^ce. tr.
prospering. .
Statistician and Economist.
twenty-second edition of the Bttd*
tician and Economist (IXC-*) owned a,,
published by Louis P. McCarty o? £*«
city is now being distributed to the sreat
8 atisfactlon of these who have been « •
fortunate as to have the use of previo^
editions of this valuable work.
¦ it was founded in 1ST5 and issued an
nually until 1S32. when it was changed to
a biennial publication, issued about th»
middle of the odd numbered years. II
Ss correspondents In and receives ex
changes from even- quarter of Use ln
nabUed globe. Over tWUW has been es-
Jended to bring it to Its present degree
of excellence, and it may be truthful. >
«id that among works of It. kind both
at home and abroad it easily finds place
fn the front rank. Indeed, for variety.
icope and accuracy of the information 1
holds as well as the arrangement and
typographical presentation it stands sec
ond to none of the few works that de
serve to be ranked with It.
The body of the book contains S4S pages
of matter, not a line but useful. whi.<?
a well-arrar.sred Index of twenty-eigrt
oages. carrying over 2100 references, gives
the seeker for information ready direc
tion for finding in the great mine of flg
u-es and facts just what he desires to
know, and in intelilffible and convenient
shape.
Everything in this book has been re
vised and brought down as near as pes
sible to the date of publication.
The matter is printed on good strops
white paper ar.d the book is so substan
tially bound as to enable it to withstand
the constant use to which It 13 sure tr>
be put by those who have access to it
and proper appreciation of its value.
Royal Arch Entertains.
San Francisco Lodge. Knights cf th-
Royal Arch, gave a grand ball at Native
Sons' Hall last night, at which there were
over 200 couples on the floor. The arrange
ments for the afTair were perfect and the
evening was passed quickly ' by tnose
present in the entrancing mazes cf waltz
and two-step. Theodore Lunstedt acted
as floor manager, and was assisted by D.
K. Anglum. A. J. Kaiser, Fred J. Hansea
and Alfred Smith.
cleaned and have the carpet and draperies
shaken. Then the room should be fumi
gated to destroy any eggs that may have
been laid by the insects.
ROSE-K. R. G., Marysville. Cal. The
Spanish name for rose is rosa and In
Italian it is the same. The pronunciation
In each of those languages is almost the
same and is as near as type can repre
sent the sound, as if written ros-sah.
FLASH— Subscriber. City. The reason
that the flash cf a eun fired at a dis
tance is seen lonjr before the report is
heard is because light travels much fast
er than sound. Light would go 4S0 times
around the world while sound is going
thirteen miles.
Power Company Incorporates.
The> Central California Water and Pow
er Company was incorporated yest?rda>
for Jl.SCO.OOO. Of this amount ££C0 Is sub
scribed. The directors cf the company
are H. C. Norris. J. P. Moore. William
Reding: George Burbeck. E. C. Allis, K.
H. Goodwin and W. H. Srrobrldge.
Special information supplied dally to
business houses and public men by tfce
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 220 Cali
fornia street. Telephone Main 1042. •
Townaer.d'3 California glace fruits and
candies. Me a pound. In artistic fire
etched boxes. A rice present for Eastern
friends. 715 Market St.. above Call bl3«. •
INSURANCE-!?. S.. City. Whether an
insurance company would reduce its rates
by reason of the fact that th» place to
be insured is in charge of a night •watch
man would depend upon exact conditions
and how the officers of the company ap
plied to might feel inclined to act upon
the application.
a six-horsepower engine can be run for twelve hours
for about 25 cents, including lubricating oil, and large
engines can be run proportionately cheaper. The
engines mentioned, if kept supplied with fuel and
properly lubricated, will run for an indefinite time
with little care. and attention. Another engine,
using crude oil direct, runs steadily with little care,
furnishing power far below the cost of water or elec
tricity."
TULARE PLANS
BOND-BURNING
CELEBRATION
THE SAN FEAKCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, OCTOBER 14. 1903.
6
This scientific germicide, which
is harmless, cures by killing:
disease germs. Used and
endorsed by the medical
profession everywhere. Sold
by leading druggists. If not
at" yours, send 25 cents for a
trial bottle. The genuine bears
my signature. Accept no
substitutes. Address
nitK rVatonMe Booklet «n the
"""itreatroent of dlseaaea.
Salt Rheum, Ringworm, Itch,
Acne or other skin troubles,
promptly relieved and cured by
Eczema
ADVERTISEMENTS.
LOVE'S VICTORY
AT THE POLLS
OFFICIAL Kansas is all amazement over a new element that
has just obtruded itself into American politics and — won out.
Official Kansas is investigating, but meantime the women of
an entire State are seeing to it that their triumph of the last few
weeks is maintained and the cause of true love holds full swav.
They fought in a way peculiarly feminine for their richt to receive
their lovers and to be wooed and won and married when, where and how
they pleased. The men fought against it, but the women won. and in
pursuance of that victory they dragged the defeated candidates out oi
office by main force. Hence official Kansas* perturbation. Hence.
too, official Kansas' effort to keep the facts quiet until it gets full
and final report of this astounding condition of affairs. Meantime Hv-
men rules an entire State in a manner never before witnessed in all the
history of the world. The Sunday Call will put you in possession of all
the facts next Sunday, official Kansas' perturbation notwithstand-
ing.
And did you ever read of Delaroo? He ixas an Indian. He was
more. He was the shadow incarnate of Maje Sampson. He was even
more than that. He was the best railroad character that ever cauzht
the facile pen of Frank H. Spearman, who is himself the best writer of
American railroad stories in the world to-day. This is Delaroo as
Spearman knew him:
"As Jong as Maie would talk Delaroo would "listen. That single
word was, in fact, the kev to Delaroo: Delaroo wa3 a listener: for that
reason nobody knew much about him."
And this in brief is one of the most tense moments in all Spear-
man's exciting narrative' of Delaroo's career:
"What do I think of it?" muttered i Neighbor, when the local ooerator
asked him for a report for Callahan. '*I think there's two engines for
the scrap in sisht — and the 264. if we can ever find anythinc of her — and
about a million sheep to pay for — *' Neighbor paused to cive an order
and survey the frightful scene.
"And Delaroo." repeated the operator. "He wants to know about
Delaroo—"
"Missing." ,
If you have been recline Spearman's new series of two-pace storie3
you will not need even these extracts to keep you on a sharp lookout for
Delaroo in the next Sunday CalL Spearman's stories are the sort that
you never forget. They get a grip on your memory like the mysterious
fascination of railroadine itself. '^-V/
However. Delaroo is only one of the big things in the next Sunday
Call, as, for instance. "The Golden Fetich." It is a new mystery story
— more mysterious even than "The Mystery Box," more excitine than
"Tainted Gold." more surprising by far than "Brewster's Millions." and
yet containing all the orieinalitv of these three and more. You've read
them all in the Sunday Call. You know then what splendid promise you
may expect in the first installment of "The Golden Fetich" next Sunday.
Then there is "The End of the Line," by Mrs. Edwin Knowles'
"The Man Who Won." by Edwin Lefevre: Miss Partincton's Prize
Paris Picture: "The Etiauette of the Coaching Girl," by Madee Moore-
" Education for Success." bv Sir John A. Cockburn. K. C. M G.'
"Me-ows of a Kitty." bv Kate Thy son Marr; a full page of prize photo-
graphs from the Third San Francisco Salon, and— but there is alto-
gether too much to enumerate here. You'll have to see it all for your-
self.Justice of the Peace Daniels decided
yesterday that the Statute of Limitation
was an effectual bar to the recovery by
Mary Barker of $299 loaned to Thomas
Tighe and his wife some twenty years
ago. The plaintiff testified that she had
loaned the money to the defendants on
condition that It was to be returned to
her on the death of Tighe's mother.'
Tighe and his wife both testified that In
consideration for caring for Mrs. Barker
for six months every year during th«
past fifteen years they regarded the ac
count as settled.
Statute of Limitations Governs.
Mrs. von Ofen avers also that her hus
band had more than one lady friend. She
charges that frequently while she was
cleaning his clothes, she would find in the
pockets bracelets and handkerchiefs that
were the property of other women.
Miriam E. Bernard wants a divorce
from Kenneth L. Bernard for cruelty. She
alleges that he once demanded money of
her, and exhibited a loaded revolver, say
ing as he did so: "If I do not get more
money I will do something and then com
mit suicide." Mrs. Bernard's maiden
name is Eskridge.
Suits for divorce were also filed by Wil
liam Walsh against Carrie F. Walsh for
desertion, Matilda C. Rylander against
John W. Rylander for neglect, Bert W.
Clifford against Lillian Clifford for deser
tion, Frederick Junior against Iledwig
Junior for cruelty, Anna C. King against
Myrick F. King for desertion, Lena Ehr
hardt against Albert A. Ehrhardt for ne
glect. P. \j. Vaughn against Ellen Vaughn
for cruelty and Laure Cumberland against
Joseph Cumberland for cruelty.
Divorces were granted to Constantine
Maschio from Clara A. Maschio for deser-
Josephine, von Ofen is willing enough to
have the ties uniting her to George von
Ofen severed, but she is decidedly op
posed to having the.m severed on his com
plaint. Accordingly she filed a cross-com
plaint to his suit for divorce yesterday
in which she charges that he has been
guilty of numerous cruel acts, and asks
that she be granted the decree of divorce.
She denies emphatically that she ever
drove him from their home as he charges,
but admits telling him she would refuse
to live with him unless he quit drinking.
She says she has been driven nearly to
distraction by his conduct. She claims
that he once brought a etrange woman
to^Jheir home and spent the entire after
noon with her. "They drank lots of
wine," says Mrs. von Ofen, and my hus
band abused me because I refused to join
them." After the stranger had left, con
tinues the cross-complaint, Von Ofen dec
orated the house with the strange wo
man's pictures and called his wife's at
tention to the beauty of her features.
"Isn't she a beauty," Mrs. von Ofen
claims he would say to her, "what a face
you have In comparison to that."
Josephine von Ofen Says
She Is Entitled to
a Divorce.
OPPOSES THE SUIT
OF HER HUSBAND
The expected storm among the regents
of the University of California, over the
report of the special committee on medi
cal status was delayed at yesterday's
meeting by the fact that a majority of
the commltteemen had not had a chance
to act uoon the measure submitted to
them and the matter was put over to
the next regular meeting of the regents.
The committee is expected to recommend
whether or not ToJand College is to con
tinue its existence as a department of
the university, and the receipt pf tts re
port by the regents is calculated before
hand to cause serious disagreement.
The regents acted upon the recommen
dations of President Wheeler as follows:
The title of Dr. Irving Hardestv was
changed from instructor in anatomy to
assistant professor of anatomy without
change of salary. Miss Jessica Pelxotto.
who took the degree of doctor of philos
ophy from the University of California
in 1500, was appointed lecturer in eco
nomics at $500 a year. Arthur S. Wheeler,
B. S., 1003. of thn University of Califor
nia was appointed assistant In electrical
engineering at a salary of $750 per an-
tion. Wilhelmina R. R. Doxey from John
Aubrey Doxey for neglect and Anna
Howe from Albert Howe for desertion.
Appointments to Minor Positions Are
Made on Recommendation of
the President.
UNIVERSITY REGENTS
TRANSACT BUSINESS
Upon motion of the regents, votes of
thanks were given John Martin & Co.
of this city for their gift to the univer
sity of a thirty-kilowatt rotary converter
and to Warren B. Ewer of Piedmont for
a gift to the, library of the National En
cyclopedia of American Biography. Re
gent Budd gave notice that at the next
meeting he will introduce a resolution
raising the number of commltteemen of
the finance and grounds and building com
mittees from three to five. Governor Par
dee presided over the meeting.
num to succeed Robert Sibley. resigned.
Loye Holmes Miller, B. S.. 1808. of the
University of California was appointed to
succeed J. F. Bovard as assistant in zool
ogy at the rate of $20 a month. To fill
the vacancy left by Ellis W. Furbush.
assistant in physics, Paul Thclon was ap
pointed at a salary of $40 a month. Presi
dent Wheeler also recommended that he
be empowered to appoint a reader in
American history for the rest of the. year
at a salary of $140.
How many times the handy gas can
be used if you have a gas rango. We
sell them, also heaters. The cars stop at
our door. San Francisco Gas and Elec
tric Co., 415 Post street. • •
there^ on October 9 from this city that
he was to commit suicide, and asking for
a reply. The Chief replied that Bader had
carried out his Intention. Bader was the
man who chot himself in the right temple
in McDonald's lumber yard on King
street, near Third, on the morning of
October W.
Chief Wlttraan received a dispatch yes
terday morning from Francis Onelll. gen
eral superintendent of police. Chicago,
that j-».ob«rt Bader had written friends
Told Friends of His Intention.
The disclosures concerning: the manner
in which business was done by the firm
of Epplnger & Co. furnished the reason
for this adverse action against the three
partners. Indictments have been found
by the Grand Jury. During the proceed
ings members of the exchange appeared
ae witnesses at various times. Since then
much testimony has also been made pub
lic during the proceedings In bankruptcy
before Milton Green.
Th* three partners Jn the former firm
o' Epplnger & Co., namely Jacob Ep
pingcr. Herman Eppinger and Bernhard
Ettlinger, have been expelled from mem
bership In the Merchants' Exchange.
Notice of their expulsion was posted yes
terday and was read by many merchants.
The wording of the official announcement
does not assign any reason for this act
on the part of the exchange. The sim
p!« statement Is made that the three
members of the defunct firm are deprived
of all rights and privileges of member
ship and that they have been expelled
at a meeting of the. exchange. The seats
have been resumed by the exchange. The
full text of the announcement Is as fol
lows:
Notice. — At the regular meeting of the board
of directors of the Merchants' Kxehange, held
on the 12th instant, Js.cob aed Herman Eppin
ger and B. Ettlinger were expelled from mem
bership in the exchange and were deprived of
¦ 11 rights and privileges of membership and
their eeats and memberships and all rights and
privileges in the association were resumed by
the association In accordance with the- provi
sions of the bylaws.
T. C. FRIEDLANDER. Secretary.
EppiDgers and Ett linger
Cast Out by Mer
chants' Exchange.
EXPELS MEMBERS
OF GRAIN FIRM
To K«port on Proposed Franchise.
The Board of Works yesterday referred
to the City Engineer the petition of the
San Francisco and Southern Railway
Company for a franchise to operate a
steam road along certain streets in this
city to connect with a proposed road run
ning from Santa Cruz. The City Engineer
will report on the method of construction,
the proposed route and other matters in
connection with the road. The Board of
Works notified the Board of Supervisors
that the petition of the Merchants' Asso
ciation for a permit to erect a safety
station at the intersection of Market,
Powell and Eddy streets has been under
consideration for some time and a report
thereon will be prepared soon.
To Give Military Drama.
The Dramatic Club of the Young Men's
Hebrew Association of San Francisco
will present the military drama "Lyn
tvood" to-morrow evening at the Alham
bra Theater. The proceeds of the play
are to go toward erecting a salt water
swimming tank. The cast of characters
is as "follows: Victor Blanchard. K. C.
L*vy: Edwin Carlyle. H. Greenberg;
Epenitis Carter. L. Marks; Pat O'Flarity,
H. G. Jacobson: Lucile Carlyle, Mrs. A.
Rufh: Dudley Middleton, Dr. S. R. Levy:
Judge Carlyle. L. B. Jacobs; Uncle Joe,
M. Sehabachc-r; Captain Ransnme, D. A.
Miller; Gay Carlyle. Miss J. Stone; Kate
Wilmarth. Mis« P. Schwartz. Under the
personal direction of K. C. I^evy.
To Hold 'Rummage Sale.
Lincoln Relief Corps will hold a rum
mage sale at 545 Sixth street, commenc
ing Saturday October 17. Donation? are
requested by those in charge of the sale.
The gravest fear of the dried fruit men
is that if they fail to bet their product
on the way this month, as contracted,
the price will be affected and th*y will
lose a. lot of money.
Producers have made numerous com
plaints to the railroad company and con
ferences in the yellow building have been
almost daily affairs, but always with the
same result. It has been explained to
the company's patrons that the company
is 6hort a large number of engines and
sees no way of getting them. Discussing
the matter yesterday, one of the South
ern Pacific Company's officials paid:
w e managed to handle all the California
grftn fruit this ytar in a very satisfactory
manner, a fact which all shippers will testlfy
to. but there came a eudden and unexpected
surplus of freight, which upset all our calcu
l8t;rnf>. A large number of engines ha» been
used this year on the Salt L«ke cut off and
this fact seriously handicapped the operating
department. We fully appreciate the predica
tneat of the dried fruit men and are endeav
oring to meet their requirements in some man
ner. General Manager Kruttschnitt dur
ing h'.s present visit In the East has tried
through various sources to secure a number
of extra engines, but his effort* have met
with no success for the reason that the roads
th«re are also badly handicapped.
The officials of the road candidly ad
mit that their traffic business is in a very
bad way and attribute It directly to un
expected business and the lack of suffi
cient power to move the trains.
The box mil'-a and the dried fruit men
are experiencing the greatest hardship as
a result of the congestion. September
and October are the busy months of the
latter, who have contracted for the de
livery of large orders during this month,
but the condition of affairs causes a great
deal of fear that the producers will be
unable to fulfill their agreements. The
box men have been unable to ship their
material from the mills in Oregon and
Northern California. In the few excep
tions where the boxes have reached their
destination in the valley points they have
been filled with dried fruit and reloaded
on to the cars In which they were ship
ped from the north, but the cars are still
6tandlng on the sidings awaiting the ar
rival of an engine to carry them away.
PEODXTCEBS COMPLAIN.
OCCASIONS HABDSHIP.
The freight and operating departments
of the Southern Pacific Company are se
riously pondering over one of the most
aggravating perplexities that they have
been confronted with for many years.
At the present moment there are nearly
4000 carloads of freight destined for East
ern markets lying along the lines of the
company in this State, and. try as they
may, the officials of the operating depart
ment have fo far failed to devise a means
of movinc them. During the last ten
days only a few cars of freight have
passed Mojave. east bound, and unless
the company finds some Immediate meth
od of relieving the congestion the situa
tion will develop into a 6erious one and
possibly result in a great loss to Cali
fornia shippers.
Operating Department Has
a Serious Froblem to
Overcome.
Freight Blockade Along
Lines of Southern
Pacific.
ENGINES NEEDED
ON BIG SYSTEM
THE SAN FRAKCJSOO CALL, WEDNESDAY, OCTOBER 14. 1903.
7
POLITICAL CAEDS.
For
Mayor
HENRY J. CROCKER
Republican
Nominee
| For Public Administrator!
William E. Lutz
[Republican Nominee!
For Tax Collector
Edward J.
SMITH
(INCUMBENT.)
Regular Republican Nominee •¦
r ~ ~~ '
For Sheriff
Peter J. Curtis
Chairman Street Committ#» of Present Goani
of Supervisors.
Democratic Nominee
Union Labor Party Nominee.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Wi/^jtiW $ - woman ' s happi-
is her nature to love
QLar > beautiful and
pure. The critical ordeal through which the expectant mother must
pass, however, is so fraught with dread, pain, suffering and danger,
that the very, thought of it fills her with apprehension and horror.
There is no necessity for the reproduction of life to be either painful
or dangerous. The use of Mother's Friend so prepares the system for
the coming event that it is. safely passed without any danger. This
great and wonderful
of women through «¦«¦¦
the trying crisis without suffering. Mf^" g&um la /&?**, ni^n sfai J7
Send for free boot containing Information Jpw frf^*[xj JctUSt fff? JtjUj
The Bradfield Regulator Co., Atlanta. 6a. ¦; .¦ Mfc^rAW.aW d-W
AMUSEMENTS.
THE THIRD RECITAL cf the Seascn Will Be
Given at 3 d. m..
Saturday, October 17th
stbinvvaV hall
MR. PERCIVAL K. VAN YORX will pre-
side at the Diano with the aid ot
THE ANGELUS
Th« Sololat of the Occasion Will B«
MR. HOMER HENLEY. Barytone.
Complimentary tickets may be had at thi
store any time before the recital. SHERMAN.
CLAY & CO.. Kearny and Butter ete.
MIBCEI.I^.ft.lTEOUB AMUSEMENTS.
=COTTLOW=h
The Great Pianist*.
BLUMENFELD. Violinist.
LYRIC HALL-TC-MORROW MGHT
and Saturdav Alatinee.
R#gerved Feats. 75c.. |1, $1 50. at Sherman.
Clay & Co'b.
GtN RX ADMI^pn^-Fir-TY CBN^S.
Friday Klgrht, Unitarian Church. Oakland
PfllflfP DON'T FAIL TO
laiatW 8ee the beautiful
- - COURT Lounging
9 fin room, the EMPIRE
ailU PARLOR, the
r « PALM ROOM, the
.IT/UK] LOUIS XV PAR-
ui aim LOR znd LA .
U x i DIES' WRITING
Hotels room
AMUSEMENTS.
'<# y 8a V Wfk!*£ i £* JAQI^G «JD (K
SECOND AMD LAST WEEK.
MATINKE SATITU>AT.
TUB WOHl-U'S .UtSiCAL. HIT,
Wttb the Number One X. T. Co.
GBEAT BEAITT EHXTETTE.
LAST TIME NEXT Sl'NDAt MGHT.
Btclnr.lng NEXT MONDAY,
Robert Edeson
In Richard Harding Da%-1«'
SOLDiEKS OH FORTUNE.
?tac*" Vtoafoa bv Augvrtui Thoma*.
tEATS READY TO-MORROW.
Only Cleopatra Matinee Next Saturday.
LAST FOUR NIGHTS
The Burlesque Extravaganza
CLEOPATRA
Bothwe-U Browne as Cleopatra-
ICA CLEVEK CHILDREN BffA
lOU IN THE CAST lOU
pnircc Ever.lnr* 15c, C5e, &Ck;. T5c
raiWLJ Matlnee« 15c. 25c. BOc
Beginning Next ¦> Matiree.
CATHRINE COU.NTISS end
AS» LEE WILLARD In
THE CHRISTIAN-
fAbSFQRHTin
\i J TO-NIGHT Iflll
1 The Noted Comedian. J *
EDWARD GARVIE
In Uroafihuret & Currie's Musical Farce,
MR. JOLLY OF JOLIET
6uniay the Perennial Favorite,
"IN OLD KENTUCKY."
With Iti Famous Pickaninny
TB&nd and Realistic , m- t
. Horse Kace. j [F~
MATIXEE TO-DAY. WEDNESDAY. Oct. 14.
Parquet, ar.y seat. 25c. Balcony. 10c. Chil-
dren, ar.y part excejn reserved. 10c.
MONSTER JNEW SHOW !
Coloinbino; Sisters Rappo; Three
Crane Brothers; Wallace Brown-
low; A. P. Rostow; Wood and Bay;
Clayton White and Marie Stuart
Company; Pantzer Trio and Gold-
en Gate Quartet and Fanny Win-
frsd.
IVvLf house.
VOTE — P*T?ormari<?e« begin at 5 Eharp; Sat-
urday Matin** at 2 sharp.
TO-3TIQHT
Friday and Saturday Nirhts. Ambroi^e
Ttiorr.as" Romantic Or>er:i.
"MIGNON"
Thuraday and Sunday Nights. Saturday Mst-
Jnec. OKF-kT rxH'HI^E nil^L,
MaaeaSBfa Masterpiece.
"Cauallerla Rustlcana"
And
I-*oncavall'/» L>Tic Drama,
"I'PACLIACCI"
NEXT WEEK— "LA nOHEME" and "AN-
DRE i-HEN'IER." Sr*cial Verdi Nicht en
Tuesday.
1'rices Always the f^ams 3T>o. 60c and 75c
Telephone Bush 9.
a y f*\ A fj A T\Btla*ro & Mayer,
ALCAZAR i^rss
General Manager.
EnORF.!OUS~¥T OF THE
NEW ALCAZAR STOCK COMPANY
"'The b^st 'ver In the Alcarar." — Call.
TO-NIGHT - This Week Only,
A. TT. Pinero'e Beautiful Comedy Drama,
Lady Bountiful
Evr.. 25c to T.V: Mats. Sat. & Sun., IV: t> 50e.
MATIKEES KEXT SUUROAY ikO SUNDAY.
Bfcxt Mon. — Clyde Fltch'a Comedy Drama,
THE COWBOY A\D THE LADY.
Bela»co &. Mayer. Proprietors.
Varket «., Near Eirhth. Phone South t33.
TO-KICHT— ALX. THIS VTEEK.
MATINEE? SATCRDAT AND SUNDAY.
Hoyt's llrti Famous Comedy -Drama,
A MIDNIGHT BELL
Preientlnr the Eminent Comedian.
In Hi« Great Orirtnat Character ei
DEflCON TIDD.
BrtlUir.t C«*t! Mafraflcent Bcenerj'!
nnifCC Evening* .A 100 ,. 10
r KlttS Matinee. 10c. 15c. 25c
Monday. Ortober 1»— "RANCH 10."
ror niprvz. tov gurgle, tou
fHOVT, «o funny. »o clever, is
| THE RAWMPERSa \
The ec!y perfect mu*iral remeflr.
Our "All Star" C««. Including
KOLB AND DILL.
BARNEY BERNARD.
TVINFTELD BLAKE.
HARRT HERMSEN.
MAT-X'E AMBER.
ELEANOR JENKINS.
RESLP.VFD HEATK — Nirht*. 2S<\ 50c and
JV-. Psturday «nd Pwnday Matin**"*, 23c and
W)C. '"htHren at Matin**"?, 10c and 2Sc.
FISCHER AND WACKER,
*ND A GREAT fHOW EVERT AFTERNOON
AND EVENING IN THE THEATER.
lnn>*rt "CAPAKET DE LA MORT."
-VISIT THE "MYSTIC MIRROR MAZE." —
Lion Slaying Baboon in" the Zoo.
LOTS OF FUN IN THE PENNY ARCADE
AMATEfR NIGHT THURSDAY.
ADMISSION, JOc; CHILDREN. 5c.
KlMn Phonlnit Ark for "The Chutee."
WeeSy cSl $1.00 oer Year
A BRYSON GIRL "DEBUTANTE" NEXT SUNDAY
'i'i'T- MISCELLANEOUS. ADVERTISEMENTS.
¦mmmmm— — — ¦ — THE STORE OF QUALITY AND LOWEST PRICES ¦»¦ ¦—¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦ |
PI mi c* Do fif\f Pi 1 ***** l + t t f& Will Be Presented as the Subject of the Third Week 1
t I IIC JT dLYl\3l 1 UI III lUlC of the Great Anniversary Sale. H
have been spent by us in makinjj our /•^^^^^Sp^SSS& s^^^ This Turk ' sh Cha * r /f\VR leather upholstered floods, ol which we i
2 Parlor Furniture Factory an institution of /^^A 5^^^^^^^^ 1 !^ B Le a the^ m Aii C Hair fm \j ma * c a eal c^l 1^ 011 we « k » ** c oJ tl
. which San Francisco is justly proud. Every fcjS^V & ing* Best steel springs- guaranteed superior construction. The H
modern mechanical device is in use, the best nSjIt V^^iS^^^^^l n est Sv man S- best leather only is used, and the inside, where H
materials are always employed, and the most J^® r^p^^^^S| flJ am B°a n iid. m s"ns Tor the greatest fraud is perpetrated m the inferior %
skilled labor brings forth the FINEST GRADE Gl flw^f^^ra^l^l $55 °° c at thc A In ! ta !J- Eastern goods, is built with greatest care to tt
oi PARLOR FURNITURE that could possibly M T W\m W^M% "aryprke- vc< " last as long as the cover. |
be produced. f$ tt#«"S'§l $42.50 If vou want particular piece or pattern, I
This week's sale will demonstrate that this is fci l^^^^^^S^W^^^ss^si^^ aflcr your own idcas or dcsi^» wc>11 make -* 1 S
the store of quality and lowest prices. M^^^^M^^^^K # # ~ s J?jP*\ for y0V * I]
DAVENPORTS ™£S?i™ i«3SlI^»^ TURKISH CHAIRS A *Ta^* VRY |
Solid MalioBanj- Hiphfst finish rouble to produce, C1QC Hkit^/fr, dfLT^£xS(, TiS W V^t'. KfciWt VL ffBB8»EraBa&3%el/ SI 13T./ Fall TnrVlah Chair— Solid mahorar.y ba«e. with CCO KH l!
!arK<? roll on back. Orlf<ln head and claw feet; a *2.'.O value. «J> I 3J ««K&Ci>/i>' •sK^^Em -^^Bi'-Si^^SSW'R-'^T^fflJHBH^^a^MaMr cIaw feet : " teel frame; be*t black leather; an ?J3 value OO£.vJU U
Empire Effect— Beautiful solid mahocuny, heavy claw ClOrt l-^IHW» -. tl -¦*.'' mtf W .f*,Vr*.VKr-*>tVtXl w j^. -J- Rich Hed Leather-French le* baae; side head rest C r Q Aft R
feet plain upholstery, select Imported covers; a ?175 value 4> I CM \W$§®M r N *&i'K3Y - T- sUnI at back; euranteed construction; worth $M) iOO.UU l]
MiinU Davenport— 5^ feet lon^. pretty roped uprlpht on frAn Vi^Sm^ViM&^t U^^^^^^^&^M^i^mi B Saperlor BlaeW Leather-Steel frame; very best ccn rvn U
< oloniul iienlKu'— Full Flie. neat carving at ends of frame lt^ v $/#4>¥ IS^^^^'M^^^^-^^-^^^^^^^^SESmM" Pantaiotf Rock* r— This it another one of our popu- a«a r a Q
at back, euperlor construction, green velour cover: a $75 <££/-> 1 * }~$\ty&Je!6&fa~BfQ li 13 ¦' " lar furniture pieces; will sell -nywhera tUe for $3o JtO.BU n
value »J>OU i( '^'Z^wgESb. \*&>$ftk!&i '¦ '**N. I FRD4DV t>IFir*P^ AXMVEnsiuv ij
DAD1 riD CI TITC: ANNIVERSARY \kti*ffis£&f*2BBSBK& ? «.. LIDKrtKI I^ICV^CO PIIICES jJ
rAKLUK PRICKS : 1' -Wit $ '5t* Z&P?$iZ' 'i*?** „, • -, ¦» ¦^^S e^lrP i^ J *'^Mfi>ii^SSS'^^ Three-rieee Snlti— Specially fln« Quartered oak cno rn H
Dlvnn nna Arn.ch.lr-M.gnlBc.nt wo-pl-c. .ult. if «^^Sl^^&^^®&&sS^^gttSSSWS lI.K^nv'chiiV' T-ft\Si V^fvr '"t'^ -S"\f -? * 92 - 50 1
¦¦•'^;;;',-T,r ,3~- W&", 8% JS~«" $57.50 •^¦Sft&A%*c!^aa^?aww: $30.00 |
Imiionoil Silk Velonr— This covering or silk in one of our v^» W^l Jk§K5S Ws^^^^Wr^SM^X^&^r »R«k I CATHPD r*niir*HPC A.NXIVERSARV tl
prettiest patterns of 5-plece euit; heavy, well-Hnlshed \JQJ ;^^^>^^*i^B^aS^^^WA^7j*5^' 7 LCAIUUK WUULI1CD PRICKS \\
"SS f iS ti Hj?s^i'Sa'Sasfiss; i 1 '? a wr D :i^ s b^r.iS;;KK l I iS moo g
worth *75 lrnportd Ilvomla ln various shades for co^er. «[-[- X ' W^lW^^^^^^T^SS?^ Rococo I'nttern-FInt quality black leather; seven *rr «« R
M»w\/ N vSj^S rows of tufting; tha v«ry best construction; worth $75. . v33»UU M
Ann DICT/^I-^C ANSIVKRSAKV A^jsi*K(M[ • Pantasote Couch — Ev»-ry bit a.s ckJ an leather; »1O Crt f!
VJUU rlCvLo PHICE < < K*/^*^! tufted u;>hol.<ter>". ?l'I; plain upholstery OK.JU |j
Golden Onlr «e«*e» n=i,t« -„» #»•..>• ran.-/ • Golden Oak Frame— Pmty rococo pattern in gold- GCf\ f\(\ ||
wood* leather Je" . {x^Ss- %^? wit selected e-|^yg \Wflte$/ en oak frame; leather, bett quality; worth $80 $OU.UU I]
Oyerti'tuffc.1 Reception ' Chair— Handsome'ly "iip^ eio'cn ' \ B^St Hand Buffed (ft A A T A r\nn DIPTPCi I ISJ I PATHPD ANNIVERSARY M
holstered In finest silk damask $ | O.OU > 1^^ f ?!, t\ t, V MM *M HI KJLfLf JrldV'EiO 11^1 LCn I 11CK PRICES Fl
qu illTy dama.V ChnIr ~ C0Verlng ° f St <£??*() ' WM h J V- O /I /l JU Arm Chair— With leather seat.- «n weathered oak. CQ nn J
n z?&M^%™$ M oo am SSJh'iX m ame * HrL JfLi^^t.?^^^"-^': $*:°* !
TnrlrlKli rhnll K? Tf ; **T.UU %,' LiLj Worth $55.00 .... ¦ •»»» leather back, wood seat; worth $17.50 $lO./O Ij
block DattVrnco^if,l ame; bWit u I >holster >': * reen CJQ7 En >*^fi Library Tnble-An lntere»tln S Mission design; S8x * on nn U
diock pattern corduroy cover 5)O / .DU >ffl> 43 men top. covered with Spanish bull hide; worth $40. . . $30.00 K
ANNIVERSARY PRICES ANNIVERSARY PRICES ANNIVERSARY PRICES ANNIVERSARY PRICES ANNIVERSARY PRICES J1
nnt n r R U OC £ E R S DIVANS COUCHES PEDESTALS MORRIS CHAIRS U
WrnmM^^oo^ s^^w--« ;^jss«s^? $20.00 i^^ssss&»rK^^ -ffi ta ,»jr«r--^sc $ie.5o i
_ Im.K n . *'•"" i-'J; "V'i.1 «¦"¦» V T. : , Al1 Halr T °I»— Bevel edge; coc nn mushroom h
w.f. 1 ," 10^ D !', lKn .~ ? J V^ tm 11 " n , d hoot ~ ln Plain center; rococo pattern. $35.00 Flaked Gold-Wlth pretty COO KO MIiiiIob Deilw Ro-ker- Cn O r fj
U lth richly emboBsed leather »•» r n leather or Imoorted Uvornla. Aqp nn Two-Tone Green and Illack-Hand hand-painted scenes $£0.0U Pretty carvln*. bowed sides. $IO.£0 t|
R.^l-exe -Mnpielshap;;; ' '^ "Jtttt^ 55? '^!!?..^ff:. Z^ $29.00 . Q nn Colde. O.U Ch.,,^ ., , ,, %
.. baCk :... bron " $8.00 D i4r P^er^-"S75.00 B..«m-, Oon- ? a J£»£» W S15J5 I
$22.00 s^^^f^ $22.00 1
Qunrtered Oak— Pretty fl<s- C1 1 OC Green niock Corduroy- COO CH holstered In red and green ve- C1 . ro rookwood- striking pattern... »nnTC Weathered Oak— Or Golden « 7Cn U
ured tapestry seat and back. $N.2O With adjustable head and foot $^O.00 lour $17.50 .™. 7..V.'... .... .... ....... $29.75 Oak; food talsh; |10 value.. $7.50 tl
ANNIVERSARY PRICES t rtj II U I I I lUBtiMUM^ AntiiVpfCflfV Rfl^O-ai'nc ANNIVERSARY PRICES *]
Lace Curtains WJ/%&flF^\ Dinin^Room Furniture l^^^^^^ffi Linoleums
and Draperies ;^^^^S^ O SS b & $10.00 '^^^^^^m and Carpets |
Curtains Bought at a Price 5f^!j^ MMMwBm Sewed, laid and lincd-pric« same.
~,_ _. 7 ., ... .. j. J^ES5*s5^7TBP«i;%«| ,, •••¦••"¦••¦• *t/.OU iX@!XfflXMXSXR Another large shipment ot English I
That Forcefully Illustrates WmSKS^^^i F ™ P n **rS:ti? y a JS^S'S5f i i^5 b fe^SS mJ£fr4&J®£<&& Linoleums just received, embracing a[
the Rnro-Jiin-riivintr Power ISm^W^^W^VK Us * >»<:7.85 ' tfYVWr\AllF¥%\\M9lt$WT!\ variety of new and select patterns. J|
ine Dargain-UlVing rOWer W&Mw$j£#$& Quartered o»w imffet-A most ccc r-n 2&&4M ii 2M-^^M\ English Linoleum, is ft. wide— In w
ofThisDepartment. HfiMI W®*&U» SSBBl 3 Sr S£^
One of the phenomenal feature? of this |^f VyillMliW^ pleoe $o9.0U j» tfBnHgilHM™ at 65c. Anniversary price, square OfU U
sale is the handsome BONNE FEMME lS^^«^r i 'iU^q : 1^^ 1^" ° ak ' wlth $94.^0 Tr^^rM^WWt^i >' ard 0Ulj H
Curtains. »o popular just now; IbSLA.N Or^rT 1 ' ¦ TTl ¦ tf?W ' j^S Pull Mirror iiaok clone*— f«uii t3^K2^K^^S3^ffiC^Sk! Inlaid Tile Linoleum — 1 he best Ens:- ¦
NET, with heavy lace flounces; CO Cfl 1 ?fl# : ,',' " , m,/ jil^H ouarter-sawed oak. hi K h finish $55.50 K«J?3B?_IHGBBOBR lish make, mosaic, tloral. wood and g
„_,,}, uZiJU ..^ . ._ — -,j^g Sideboard— A pretty deMsn and of aip nn ilBlRlFllfllfl til^ #»ff*»rt<; S'OO downtown CI A C n
ea( -" vtiww •'*" hwiiy nmphed quartwa oak $45.00 f^sa^AHAPiAiN^S tile ettects. 5>-.oo aow mown. \\ nh f|
., , ..-,,.. 1 n j 1 k , Sideboard— A palatial piece of furniture, can- UWQJWi MXh iWfcJHBkl Square yard WliT^U f
You know, by the price, that the maker suffered a loss; but O py top supported by heavy pillars., fljee 7c tct w Bel *!
that's 3-our gain. These lace curtain bargains warrant us in the be- : JDD./O ARTISTIC CARPET DESIGNS sowntown Mcm. fj
lief that it will be a-record-breaking week of sales. f\ . . m nrmmela— Designs and Wilton Velvet* — T«pe«try Bwueli- 1
I U J J f T colors will Klv« you an Positively : the greatest New fall pattern* and II
niTCCl EH MCT ADARIANI I ATP I 9 O TT/\«^-d /\-&Q I dT\ ***y e »" a carpet value ever offered: pattern* pretty color blend*. In- W
KUrrLtU l>Cl AKADIAiN LALC W* S% 3 9 fl SWiPO I a 1 that other stores 7 n« «nd color* many and pl-as- itilment combine .tores t\
CURTAINS CURTAINS id I lUMCU tU, pg^&aS i S«« x£tM I
$4.OO values this week $-.6.1 $7 values this week, a pair. .J?5.OO — . J li I »Jf« • r* 1 o? U "hem" i fn lai an"* 1 cSor/ *»signB~ln ch*rmln« color*, pick of the nicest fall pat- fj
5.OO values this week. . . .$3.OO 10 value's tHis week, a pair..$7.OO \iY|PPfith flflfl 111 5^^1011 StC Installment combine pric« You pay $1.65 at Install- *•»» "«*k Any other If
7.00 values this week.... 93.75 15 values this week, a pair ?1O.5O JIAlCCUlil dllU ITlIdMUU Jib. u$i ; 65 ......... $1^g > t ° r . e »v;.;; $1.45 $1.65 5While lacrosse ia essentially a Canadian
game, it has been Introduced all over
the world and Is vigorously played by
teams of the famous colleges In the East.
The Vancouver team will arrive here
this morning on the City of Pueblo from
British Columbia, and the Shamrock team
from Montreal is due to arrive to-morrow.
A practice game will be played to-morrow
afternoon between the Vancouver team
and the California team, the Tecumsehs.
the latter team, being composed of tried
players.
The Shamrock team of Montreal recent
ly won the championship of Canada and
the .Vancouver team holds the champion
ship of British Columbia. The two teams
recently contested in British Columbia,
each winning a game from the other, so
the game to be played here next Saturday
Is likely to be a most exciting one. The
games are played under the rules of the
Naticflal Amateur Lacrosse Association.
Jo« "Walcott Is Given the Decision.
BOSTON, Oct. 13.— Joe "Walcott. In a fif
teen-round fight to-night with Kid Car
ter at the New Criterion Club, was given
the decision, although the spectators
hooted the referee and demanded a draw.
Carter was knocked down twice in the
first round, but later he put up a stiff
fight.
There is likelihood of an extensive in
dustry in fresh peaches being started be
tween Great Britain and Argentina.
Nothing caused so much comment as
the defeat in the five and a half furlong
sprint, the second to be decided, the
gray flyer E. M. Brattaln. a 1 to 4 favor
ite. Chandler, who had the mount, made
all the running, but lost considerable
ground in the last quarter and under
Hild-ebrand's clever handling M. F. Tar
pey, a 10 to 1 shot, got up on the rail,
scoring by less than a length in 1:07.
Trouble began for the ring when Little
Margaret, a heavily supported choice, got
home flrst In the opening run at six fur
longs. The fllly got away flrst and was
never headed, winning, ridden out, from
Phyz and Americano.
LOS ANGELES. Oct. 12.— The syndl
catora encountered some extremely squal
ly weather at Agricultural Park this
afternoon. Not that their books were not
strong enough to make Sandow brighten
up his medals and look to his laurels,
but favorites turned in with alarming
frequency, four out of five in tha run
ning events being- returned first.
The weather was exceedingly warm, and
while no plungers broke into the gam« all
of the sharpshooters were present and
most of the layers lost. Apparently the
harness horse has fallen Into disfavor,
for the Van Nuys stake for 2:25 class
pacers failed to incite much interest.
Ira, driven by v "Walter Maben, sold about
an even-money chance against the field
and was able to take but one lw?at, the
second. Tidal Wave, after hia driver,
Mosher, had been cautioned, annexed the
first, third and fourth heats. Wood D
and Otto Z were distanced early in the
battle.
PpecUl Dispatch to Tht Call.
A battle between Seiger and Hanlon
would undoubtedly prove a drawing card.
Seiger Is just such a fighter as Hanlon.
He likes the "gaff," and many would go
to the pavilion to see who would back
away first.
Greggains says the San Francisco
Athletic Club will bring off a battle this
month.
Manager Greg-gains Immediately went
to work to secure another man for Sei
ger. He asked Eddie Hanlon whether he
would fight Seiger the latter part of tho
month if the "iron man" made 130 pounds,
and Hanlon replied that *he would dn
so. Roach believes that SeJger can mako
the weight if he trains In a warmer place.
Yesterday was the fir^t hot day, and he
was able to take off two and a half
pounds. Roach will take Seiger to Sau
sallto to-morrow, and if he finds that
Seiger can make the weight and remain
strong, he will bind tho match with Han
lon. In the meantime It Is thought that
Britt will recover the use of his ankle
and be able to eni*r the ring in two
weeks.
As soon as Manager Greggains heard
the news he sent Dr. Lustig. the club a
physician, to Britt's home and the doctor
made a careful examination. He sub
sequently reported that Britt was suffer
ing from a bad sprain. Greggatns hied
himself to Sheehan's and told Seiger not
to let up in his training, as he had Rute
Turner to fight him. Later Greggains
learned that Turner was on his way to
Seattle to meet McClelland.
Seiger's manager. Billy Roach, is great
ly disappointed. He stated yesterday that
his man was in perfect shape and was
within a pound of the stipulated weight.
'If the contest is postponed." Roach said.
"I hope we will be given something for
our training expenses. We ,- each had a
large sum up to bind our appearance and
It can be deducted from the amount."
Jimmy Britt has sprained his ankla and
the light which was scheduled for next
Friday night is off. This is a sad blow
to the San Francisco Athletic Club. Man
ager Greggalns was working energetic
ally to bring oft the battle. An effort will
bo made to postpone? the contest until tfta
latter part of the month. It is thought
Britt's ankle will be well by that time.
Britt Injured himself while boxing at
Croll's Gardens, Alameda. A loose board
on the boxing platform did the trick.
Jimmy was taken In hand by his rubbers,
but they could not alleviate the pain. Dr.
Jones was called and he pronounced it a
bad sprain. Britt'a ankle was placed in a
plaster cast and he was removed to his
home. He is now confined to his room
and will not be able to leave his house fur
a we>ek.
Interest in the Harness Horse
Gives Evidence of De
cline.
Hanlon Will Take Disabled
Bcx9r's Place if Italian
Can do 1 30 Pounds.
Surprises in the Run
ning Events at Los
Angeles.
Fight Between Him and
Seiger Declared Off
by Managers.
BUSY FAVORITES
ALARM BOOKIES
JIMMY BRITT
SPRAINS ANKLE
AMERICAN LEAGUE PENNANT WINNERS IN A FAST GAME CAPTURE THE WORLD'S BASEBALL CHAMPIONSHIP
McClatchy, Bray and Magee, Santa*
Clara's backfield trio, proved to be the
best players on the visiting team. Mc-
Clatchy made some brilliant runs around
The first touchdown was made in the
first half after five minutes' play. Bren
nan, Stephenson and Dole all proved good
at carrying the ball down this field. Bren
nan gained by far the largest number of
yards and Stephenson carried the ball
over for the touchdown. Dole kicked the
goal and the score was 6 to 0. The sec
ond touchdown was made near the close
of the second half and very shortly after
Weller entered the game. The touchdown
was made by Dole, although Weller made
most of the distance up the field, and
Stephenson kicked the goal, raising the
score to 12 to 0.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, Oct. 13.—
Tbe freshman eleven broke their string
of defeats this afternoon by a clean vic
tory over the Santa Clara College team,
the score being 12 to 0. The game was
hard fought, but not fast enough to sat
isfy the coaches except during a few in
tervals. The bleachers, however, were
more than pleased with the showing made
by the youngsters and expressions of con
fidence in the "07 team were heard for the
first time to-night.
The scoring was made through straight,
hard playing, in which the whole fresh
man team showed up to a better advant
age than at any time previously. There
¦were two serious faults very evident,
however. The playing was not fast
enough and the fumbling was far too fre
quent. Coach Lanagan remarked be
tween halves: "This is the worst game
for fumbling we have ever had." The
slips made by the freshmen were fre
quently costly. If they had been able to
keep the ball as they should at this late
date in their season the score might have
been considerably larger.
The Stanford backs put up at times
during the game as brilliant ball as has
been seen on the tic-Id this season. Big
"Jim" Weller was the particular star.
Going into the game in the second half he
waded through the Santa Clara players
almost as he pleased. He has improved
In form at line bucking and is going lower
than he did in the last game. Halfback
Brennan and Quarterback Stott also did
good work for the freshmen, Stott getting
into the interference and helping the man
with the ball In fine style. . West and
Morrow put up a clever game at ends.
FBESHMEN OF STANFORD
DEFEAT SANTA CLARA
Twelve to Nothing the Score in a
Hard-Fought Football
Game.
WATER POLO TOTJUNAMENT
AT THE I/TJBXINE BATHS
First Contest of a Long Series
Proves to Be* Fast and
Exciting.
The Lurline Swimming Club held a game
of water polo last night at the Lurllne
baths, the first one of the tournament
that ha? Just etarted. The tournament is
to extend over a period of nix months and
consist of relay races and water polo.
The contestants having the highest num
ber of point* at the end of the tournament
are to receive a gold medal. The game
played last night was the fastest wit
nessed in the baths for some time, the
boys playing as though their lives depend
ed upon the outcome. Although the score
was 5 to 0 the game was very close and
In doubt until finished, the ball being in
the territory of the victors' goal most
of the time.
W. Pomln captained the winning team,
composed of H. Kenn*rson. H. Heinz, G.
Dawson. W. Clark. "W. Bray and J. A-
Jackson. The losing team consisted of
W. Harris (captain), W. P. Stockton, O.
Bchultz, A. Heinz, E. Dawson, George
Harris and H. Seebach. The relay races
commence next Tuesday night.
It is reported that 2S73 out of 2834 Con
gregational ministers In England and
Wales are total abstainers, while in Ire
land and Scotland the- proportion Is still
larger.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
BRIGHTON BKACII. Oct. 13.— After
having fairly earned the heartiest tributes
of applause for his really splendid riding
of Hermis In the Brighton preliminary
Jockey Fuller rode races on two heavily
backed favorites, both of which were
beaten, and In both cases good judges
roundly condemned his work.
There were only three starters for the
Brighton preliminary. Hermis was, of
course, the favorite at odds on. The
great question with his supporters was as
to whether he could stay a mile. and a
half. That question was answered in the
affirmative, but all the same It was due
to Fuller's superb hand riding. The horse
was rated In front to perfection, and,
whenever Major Daingerneld got to with
in a length of Hermis, Fuller relaxed a
trifle of his steady pull and the horse
would again open up a little daylight.
There might have been a good excuse
for Atwood's defeat In the fifth race,
because there was a large Held aqd Ful
ler might have found it difficult to get
through. And, moreover, the colt may
have been a false favorite. The winner,
Yo San, was backed to win a lot of
money. He Jumped into the lead clear
of his field and was never In danger
of losing; yet men In a good position to
see declare that » Fuller's work lacked
energy. Summary:
FIRST RACE— Five and a half furlongs,
selling. 2 year olds:
i*ett!n£. Horse, Weight. Jockey. St. »i Fin.
13 to 10^ — Precious Stone 107 (Can) 4 2 12
6 to 1 — Blytheness 107 (O"Nell). 2 1 2h
10 to 1— Julia M. 107 (Redfern).. 1 4 3 ft
Time. 1:07 2-6. Start fair. Won easily.
Winner. G. D. Morris' b. g. by Star Ruby-
Anarchy. Valour 107, Redman 107, Sir Car
ter 107. Missing Link 10S. Pantquo 107. Tot
ness 107. Privilege 1ij7, alao ran.
SECOND RACE— Selling, one and a six
teenth mlloa: t
Betting. Horse. Weight, Jockey. St. % Fin.
7 to 2— Highlander lOti (Redfern). 4 2 12
15 to 1— Caithness 103 (Crawford). 6 5 2 »i
10 to 1— Medal V0. (J. Jones) 8 9 3 4
Time. 1:47 3-5. Start good. Won ridden
out. Winner R. T. Wilson's c. h. by Ben
Ktrome-Henrtetta. Ethics 106, Gaviota 101,
Our Nuggett IKi. Star and Garter 95. Crane«
ville 96. Grantdale 95, Unterock 98 Mollia
Peyton 105. Swamplands 107. Flara 103. Turn
pike 9S, St. Sever 104, Tommy Foster 111, also
ran. . .
THIRD RACE — Handicap, all ages, one and
an eighth miles:
Betting. Horee. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
7 to 2 — Oarsman 102 (Redfern).. 1 S 1 4
7 to 1 — River Pirate 112 (Cobum) 2 3 2 1
8 to 5— Injunction 118 (Bullman) 5 4 3 1^
Time. 1:61 4-5. Start good. Won easily.
Wlnr.er. L. Kempner's ch. g. by I lasting s-
Ortegal. Golden Maxim 121, Sheriff Bell 106,
April Showers 93. also ran.
FOURTH RACE — The Cup Preliminary; one
and a half miles.
Betting. Horse. Weight, Jockey. St. % Fin.
13 to 20— Hermls, 126 (Fuller).... 2 111
13 to 5— M. Dalngerfleld.120 (Odm) 1 2 2 20
5 to 1— Igniter. 12t$ (Hicks) 3 3 3
Time, 2:32 1-5. Start bad. Won all out.
Winner, E. R. Thomas' ch. c by Hermence-
Katy of the West.
FIFTH RACE— Selling; two-year-olds; five
and a half furlongs.
Betting. Horse, Weight, Jockey. St. % Fin.
13 to 6— Yo San. 109 (Higglns) 1112
30 to 1 — Gold. Mineral, 101 (Callhn) 6 7 2 1
20 to 1 — Gold Dome. 115 (Michaels) 4 3 3 h
Time, 1 :07 4-5. Start bad. Won easily.
Winner, Plea*ance stable's b. t. by St. BLaise-
Algae. Dusky 97. Runic 05, Woodshade l>4.
Silver Dream 100. Ntskayuna 99. Lady Mirth
ful 105, Salada 9t5, Hidrangea 94, Atwood 106.
Ganonogue 94, Monitor 102, also ran.
SIXTH RACK— Selling; six furlongs.
Betting. Horee. Weight. Jockey. St. »i Fin.
4 to 1— Toscan. 118 (Burns) 2 1 1 h
U to 10— Black Fox, 120 (Fuller).. 1 2 2 %
30 to 1— The Captain, 100 (Rdfern) 8 0 3-4
Time, 1:13 2-5. Start bad. Won driving.
Winner, Columbia stable's ch. c. by Hastlngs-
Toscana. The Dancer 95, Prince Chins: 107.
Fleetful 95. St. Daniel 118, Stepaway 102.
Princess II 103, also ran.
BRIGHTON ENTRIES.
fEW YORK. Oct. 13.— Entries:
First race, eix furlongs — Hurstbourne 127,
Astarlta 117, Wealth 115, Black Fox 114, Van
Ness 110 The Minute Man 110, Parisienne 108,
Sweet Alice 104. Gravlna 102. Pentaur 100. El
sie L !»S. Damon !>4, Kinnikinnic 02. Pol Roger
88, HlKht and True 100.
Second race, one and an eighth miles — Lady
Potentate 104. The Regent 10T., Nevermore 94,
Monograph 10C, Sainbo 108. Rocky 108. Stone
wall 105. Cottage Maid 105. Carbuncle 105,
Hoodwink 110. H. L. Coleman OS. Outsider 104,
Daisy Green 100.
Third race. one and a sixteenth miles —
Stroller 104, Rough Rider 108. Hyland 108, Ella
Snyder 1(1. Irish Jewel 100. Wild Pirate 104,
Locket 104. Outsider 105. Allan 00, MeiRtersin-
Ker 101 McWllllams 103, McMeektn 111.
Fourth racf, fivo furlongs, Undergraduate
ptake— Monsoon 10H. Fine Art 104. Hello 104.
Merry Moments 100, Inquisitive Girl 101.
Tithonlc 97, Ruth Parrish 04, Emergency 102.
Eagle 94. Gay Llzzette 94. (Eagle and Gay
Llzzette, Follansbee entry).
Fifth rae<^ one and an eighth miles — Lord
Advocate 103, Gold Bell 08. Brigand 106. Faul
eonbridge 112. Carbuncle 115, Lord Badge 112.
Sir Roche 104, Stonewall 108, Hurstbourne 126.
Tribes Hill 115, Warranted 115, Mabel Rich
ardson 112. *>
Sixth race, six furlongs^ — Pol Roger 112, Dim
ple 109, Sonoma Belle 109, Billy Roche 109.
Fort Plain 112 Colleen Bawn 100. Cantaloupe
100. May Holladay 109, Berosa 112. Donnelly
112. Aurumaster 109. Clytie 100. Hiawatha 112,
Tower 100. San Remo 112. Gunwad 109. Raider
109, Oriskany 112, High Heels 109, Cedar Rap
ida 100 ] B BI Q H f r0N - SELECTIONS.
By the New York Telegraph.
First race— Black Fox, Damon, As
tarita.
Second race — Monograph, Sambo,
Carbuncle.
Third race — Irish Jewel, Mc-
Meekin, Allan.
Fourth race — Hello, Emergency,
Tithonic.
Fifth race — Hurstbourne, Tribes
Hill, Faulconbridge.
Sixth race — Aurumaster, Colleen
Bawn, Sonoma Belle.
ends, while Magee showed up well at line
bucking and punting.
The freshmen held an election between
halves, but did not succeed in choosing a
captain. The vote stood: Dole, 13; Stott,
11, and Stephenson, 2. Another election
will be held.
The line-up:
Santa Clara. Positions. Freshmen.
Morrow
Haach L. E. R Kelley
Derby
Castro L. T. R Butterfleld
McElroy L. G. R Zimmerman
Hubbard C Morphino
Smith
Blow R. G. L.. Heuntsch
•"./• .— ?--'< True
Woodford R. T. L Stephenson
Aruirre R.'K. L West
Mazee Q •• Stott
Brennan
Schmltz L. H. R Packard
McClatchy R. H. L Dole
Stephenson
Pray F Weller
Referee — Professor C. R. Lewers. Umpire —
G. H. Clark '04. Linesmen — Belz of Santa
Clara, Wilbur of Stanford. Timekeepers — Ke
«an and Blake. ,
The German empire is divided Into 145
-chamber of commerce districts. These
chambers exert a powerful Influence on
legislation in the empire, especially In
tariff matters.
CHICAGt). Oct. 13.— "Doctor" White
helped the Nationals win their seventh
game of the serie* to-tlay. one of his
Rifts turning Into a run, a very wide
throw and a wild pitch scoring two runs.
Wicker held the American down to seven
hits. Attendance 2800. Score:
R. H. E.
NationaJs 5 !> 1
Americans 1 7 1
nattTl** — Wicker anfl KUngr; White and
Pullivan.
R. H. E.
T*o«on 3 8 0
Plttsburg '..O 4 3
Batteries — Dineen and Cr'cer; Phllllppl and
Phelrs
Though the home team had men on
bases in the first and second innings, they
fiid not succeed in getting a man across
the plat* until the fourth, when Free
man's lor.gr three-bagger and Parent's first
base on error,- followed by La
chance's sacrifice and Ferris' sharp
second hit, netted two runs. The
visitors looked dangerous In the
fcurth, when after two men were out
Lrach received a free pass, followed by
Wagner's single, which advanced him to
third. He wes caught a moment later
by Crlger'p throw described above. In
the sixth Philllppi singled, but was caught
off first in a rjuick double play. Criger to
Lachance. Beaumont striking out.
The Pittsburgs also had men on bases
in the fifth and seventh, but they never
pot any farther than first. Attendance
7455. Score:
BOSTON", Oct. 13.— The Boston Ameri
cans shut out the PIttsburg Nationals
to-day and •won the world's baseball
championship, to the almost frenzied de
light of 7000 enthusiasts. While the at
tendance at all the previous games of the
series has been larger than that to-day,
the demonstration which followed Di
neen's striking out of Hans Wagner In
the ninth eaualed any college football
game. The world's champions were borne
to their dressing rooms on tbe shoulders
of delighted spectators and the cheering
lasted many minutes.
Phllllppl. who was such an enijrma to
the Bostons In the flrst few games, es
sayed to Ditch for tbe visitors for the
sixth time. He was not only batted hard,
but he saw his rival. Dineen, carrv off
the honors by holding the Nationals down
to four scattered hits, which, backed up
by perfect fielding, prevented a single
Plttsburg ir.an getting farther than third
base. Dineen struck out seven men and
his support by Crlger contributed mate
rially to the success of the game. The
latter'e bluff to throw to second In the
fourth inning, followed by a quick Bnap
of the ball to Collins, catching Leach off
the bag. was the best piece of work in
the game.
Other features were mainly contributed
by the visitors and Boston's score would
undoubtedly have been larger but for the
great running catches of Beaumont and
Clark. Wagner's work at short and Leach
at third.
The Angels landed again In the fourth.
Raymond tore , off a drive to cen
ter that was jrood for three bases
and Dolly Gray brought him in
with a double-sacker to • center.
This gave the Angels a lead again, one
that they held till the seventh, when the
Cripples became strong once more.
Messerly dropped one safely in back of
Smith, and Peter drove the leather to
right. Then they executed a double steal
and scored when Martinke pushed a hot
one through the infleld. This held them
till the Angels created the deadlock in
the tenth. It looked early enough for a
few more rounds, but the umpire said
"nay, too dark," so the talent had to
obey.
Umpire Jim McDonald forgot that there
was a game on the cards at Oakland and
of course did not think about showing
up. For a long time it looked bad, but
finally both sides agreed upon Billy Dun
leavy of the Milwaukee nine, a former
Oakland star. "Dun" got into a red coat
and gave his decisions promptly and so
well that no one kicked during the prog
ress of the game. The score:
Oakland— Los Anzeles—
AB. H. H. P.A. AB. R. H. P.A.
O'Hara,i... 0*2 OHoy.cf... 4 1131
>Ii=kmn,ss.5 0 O 1 a Whelr.'.'b 4 0 0 3 3
Murdk,rf 4 0 111 Smith.3b t> 1 3 3 5
t^c wtz.l'b 4 0 0 4 « IMllon.lb 3 0 1 14 0
Kruirr.If. 4 1 2 -• i Cravth.rf 4 0 2 10
Mssrly.lb 4 1 3 13 ( lioss.lf... 3 0 0 2 0
Lohmn.c. 4 1 2 4 », Haymd,»s.3 112 3
Mrtnk,3b 3 0 2 3 4; EaKar.c. 40113
Cooper.p. 4 0 0 0 2Gray,p... 4 0 2 11
Totals 36 3 11 30 21 Totals 34 3 11 30 16
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
Los Angeles. .1 10000010 0—3
Rase hits 2 21011111 1— 11
Oakland 0 1 0 0 0 0 2 O 0 0—3
Hase hits 0 3110031-2 0—11
SUMMARY.
Stolen bases — Messerly 2. Hoy 2, Lohrnan.
Martinke, Smith. Dillon. Error* — Mosklman 2.
Lohman. Three-base hit — Raymond. Two
ba>e hits — Gray 2, Kruger, Meroerly, Cravath,
Smith, Ea&ar. Sacrifice hits— Wheeler. Dillon.
First base on errors — Los Angeles 2. Firet
base on called balls — Oft Cooper 3, oft Gray 3.
Leu on bases — Oakland C, Los Anceles 7.
Struck out — By Cooper 1, by Gray 2. Hit by
pitcher — Ross. Double plays — Raymond to
Dillon, Hoy to Dillon, Gray to Dillon. Time
of game — 2 hours 5 minutes. Umpire — Dun
leavj-.
The Angels opened up the first inning
with a rua. Hoy was passed and quick
ly stole second. Smith banged out a safe
one and Hoy went to third. Smith pil
fered the middle bag and Peter, In an at
umpt to catch the big fellow posing,
threw the bail away and Hoy tallied. But
the cripples tied this up in the third,
when Kruger hit for two bags and Mes
serly followed his example.
ANGELS SCOEE IN FOTTETH.
The Angels also had a new one to show
the public. He Is "Teeley" Raymond,
whom. Mr. Harris did not take north
v.-ith the team. As fate willed It, Toman's
father died suddenly in the East and the
Angel shortstop had to go home immed
iately. But Morley in the meautlme dug
up Raymond and he will play short till
Toman is able to Join the team once
more.
Peter Lohman's handfull of crippUs. re
sembling more than ever a bunch of hos
pital Inmates, arrived on their native soil
yesterday, 'after an absence of many
weeks In the wilds of the north. They
looked as though they were ready to quit
in a minute, yet they ran the Angels to
the last quarter and pulled up with a
tie at the end of the tenth round.
Score: Oakland 3. Los Angeles 3.
A tedious flrst inning: made it look like
a gerae that would take about ten hours
to play, but the talent soon recovered
f/om\jts slumbers and tho rest of the
struggle was well executed and exciting
In nearly every innlngr.
Martlnke, the wanderer Peter dis
covered in the south, made his flrst ap
pearance on the Oakland lot. It was his
business to cover third and he did fairly
well. He can field a ball nicely, but when
he whips one to the initial bag It is very
likely to take a ride into the bleachers,
eo strong Is the wing of the new recruit.
But the fans forgot all about his bad be
havior in the field when he rapped out
a bir-g'.e in the seventh that put the crlp
pks one to the good.
ONE B.UN IN THE FIRST.
Angels Rally and Draw in
Ten Rounds Is the Out
come.
Dineen'e Striking Out of Wag
ner in the Ninth Excites
the Fans.
Fuller's Efforts on Heavily
Backed Favorites Ex
cite Criticism.
Decisive Championship
Contest Is Won by
Bean Eaters.
Last Year's Champion Is
All Out at End of
the Race.
Leaders and Tailenders
Fight Hard Without
Result.
BOSTON SHUTS
OUT PITTSBURG
EXTHA INNING
AND TIE SCORE
HERMIS ANNEXES
THE PRELIMINARY
Billy Duffy punched Pete Root so hard
that the nast named /fell from sheer ex-
"Rough House Billy" McDonald and his
fierce lunges were Just a few too many
for "Bill" Stewart, the deep sea boxer,
last night. After four rounds of ordinary
going, punctuated at intervals with a few
torrid mixups, the scrapper with the sand
lot name was declared the victor by Ref
eree Jimmy McDevltt, as the judges dif
fered as to tho way the bout shoultl be
decided. : >".\
The two welters were on for the main
event of the Hayes Valley Club's monthly
powwow. The rest of the programme
was not as good as It looked on paper.
Most of the bouts ended In knockouts in
the initial round, yet life and action that
are characteristic of the real game were
woefully lacking.
McDonald started In to rush Stewart in
the first round and the nast named
seemed powerless to stop his opponent.
In the second the sailor lad was a little
more lively and landed a few good wal
lops. During the third McDonald con
tinued to rush, but the other generally
met him half way. The fourth was In
McDonald's favor t ..though he did not land
often, confining himself to rushing Stew
art to the ropes and wearing him down. )
Joe Sharkey and Jimmy Ryan went
one round. Then Sharkey got a wallop
on the Jaw and he was In no hurry about
coming up again. Jack Dunne had Joe
Larkin all but out in the third when sud
denly the latter landed him one on the
Jaw and he went to the carpet for the
count.
McDonald beats stewart.
"-tough House" Fighter Outpoints
Sailor in Four Round Go.
WORTH SELECTIONS.
By the Chicago Inter Ocean. 1
First race — Edward Hale, Mayor
David S. Rose, Oudon.
Second race — Golden Rule, Incuba
tor, Olympian.
Third race — Talpa, Colonial Girl,
Witful.
Fourth race — Floral Wreath, Belle
Mahon, Paul Whaley.
Fifth race— Ethel Wheat, Bard of
Avon, Lampoon.
Sixth race — Evelyn Byrd, Bab,
Angelo.
Sixth race, six furlongs, selling— James J.
Corbett 117, Evelyn Byrd 114, Bab 114.
Schwarzwald 114, Charlie Grainger 114, Zyra
114, John Powers 112, Lola L 109, Spec 10U,
Catherine Chlnn 109, Angelo 109, Merryfllght
109, Goodman 109, Ledus 109, Little Mission
109, Ponca ICO.
Fifth race, one mile and seventy yards, sell
ing—Omdurman 107, Fleuron 105, Ethel Wheat
1C5, Ivernla 104, Bard of Avon 104, Eda Riley
1C4, Antol<»e 104, Nellie Bawn 104, C. B. Camp
bell 103, Tancred 103, Frank M 100. Lady
Matchless 90, Courage 95, Glenrice 05, Lam-
Doon 93.
CHICAGO, Oct. 13.— Entries:
First race six furlongs — Klelnwood 110,
Oudon 110. Mayor David S. Rose 110. Trap Set
ter 110, Woodlyn 105, Edward Hale 100. For
master 100. Pond lOti, Blackwolf 10C, Coroner
Kelly 100, Trogon 103, Delemont 103, Fly Lady
103, Mary Dunn 103, Belle Juan 103. Bill Wal-
Recond race, five and a half furlongs — Whisky
King 118, Olympian 118. Never Fret 115, Gold
en Rule 115, Incubator 110, Nervator 104. The
Crisis 101. Tam O'Shanter 101, Gypzene 101,
Testimony 08.
Third, race, one mile — Colonial Girl 106,
Talpa 100.- 1 Know 100. WJtful 100, Coruscate
103, Begone 00, Sarah Maxim 06.
Fourth race, six furlongs, Belling — Alee 119.
Joe Goss 119. Jove 117, Klmberley 114, Satchel
114, Eva's Darllns 114, Premus 114, Tom
Kingley 114, Dutch Carter 114, Floral Wreath
lOSt, Paul Whalf-y 10!). Zibla 109, Fair Lady
Anna 1C9, Marco 104, Xaulahka 104, Belle Ma
iione 104. *
WORTH ENTRIES.
SIXTH RACTE: — Six furlonss; selling:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
16 to 1— Ocean Dream, 103 (Pollak) 6 4 11
13 to 1— Ch. Thompson, 109 (Blake) 7 6 2 4
12 to 1— Bardolph, 105 (Bonner) » 8 3 UJ
Time 1:13 2-5. Start good. Won easily.
Winner, H. P. Grtfnn's ch. f. by Henry of
Navarre-Golden Dream. Mary Lavana 100,
Marlln 05, Dolly Hayman 102, Stemwlnder 93,
Pronta 106, Bay Wonder 104, Redan 110, Jane
Holly 100. Llchthunt 108, also ran.
FIFTH RACE— One and a quarter miles;
"vetting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
10 to 1 — Cursus. 03 (Lowe) 2 2 1 %
11 to 10— Airtight. 106 (Phillips)... 7 7 2h
12 to 1— Blue Mint, 03 (Taylor)... 6 132
Time. 2:00 4-6. Start good. Won handily.
Winner, W. McLemore's b. g. by King Erlc-
Eccenana. El Ghor 08.' Compass 08, Mr. Din
gle 06, Tufts 08. Miss Liza 102, Give All 103.
also ran.
FOLTITH RACE— Blx furlonss; handicap:
Betting. Horse, Weight, Jockey. St. »i Fin.
7 to 5— Auditor, 123 (Wonderly)... 1 3 1 h
13 to 1 — Palm Reader. 95 (Phillips) 5 5 2 \<,
13 to 5— English Lad, 122 (Domck) 4 0 3 nlc
Time, 1:14. Start good. Won driving:. Win
ner, S. S. Brown's b. c. by Esher-Alc-estis.
Rockaway 114, Ralph Young 02, Cyprienne 104,
also ran.
THIKD RACE— One and a sixteenth miles;
puree.
Betting. Horse, Weight, Jockey. St. \ Fin.
.'J to 2— Lady Jocelyn. 104 (Phllps) 3 111
11 to 20— Six Shooter. 113 (Knight) 2 2 2 8
CO to 1— Flngal. 100 (Wonderly).. 1 3 3 8
Time, 1:46. Start good. Won easily. Win
ner, Ward & Harlan's ch. f. by Pirate of
Penzance-Belle Swift. Lendln,102 also ran.
SECOND RACE — One mile; purse.
Betting. Horse, Weight. Jockey. St. 9i Fin.
K to 0 — Ethylene, 107 (V. Hall)... 3 1 11%
8 to 1— Examiner, 105 (Dean) 6 3 2 7
7 to 1— Sweet Tooth. Ill (Knight). 6 5 3 3
Time. 1:10 3-5. Start straggling. Won easily.
Winner, R. M. Hennessey's b. f. by Frecman-
Ktfcel Gray. Old Mlko 107. Fair Lady Anna
Ktt. Duchess Hanna 102, Leila 85, Begone 102,
Wigwam 88, also ran.
CHICAGO. Oct. 13.— Ward & Harlan's
Lady Jocelyn gave Six Shooter a - decisive
beating in the third race to-day at
Worth, in which the Respess horse was a
heavily backed odds-on favorite at 11 to
20, played from 7 to 10. Lady Jocelyn,
which Is believed to be the best three
year-old fllly In the West in her present
form, was not without backers, who
forced her odds from 9 to 5 to 3 to 2.
Lady Jocelyn ran one of the best races
of her career and tied the track record of
1:46 for one and a sixteenth miles. Phil
lips sent h«r right to the front at tho
start and she led by from two to three
lengths all the way.
The track was at Its best, the weather
clear and warm and the attendance large.
r The stewards announced to-day that the
purse won by Our Bessie yesterday had
been given to Alfredo, as the Newman
mare was Ineligible for the race. Thie
will not affect the betting In any way, as
the. -bookmakers had already paid oit on
Our Bessie straight and Alfredo for the
place. Summary;
FIRST RACE— Five and a halt furlongs; sell
ing:.
Betting. Horse, Weight, Jockey. St. % Fin.
10 to 1—^Vreath of Ivy.110 (Pollak) tt 6 1 n
15 to 1— Gus lieidorn, 100 (Adams) 4 12 2
M to 1 — Circular Joe, 103 (Konner)l 3 3 1
Time, 1:08 3-5. Start fair. Won driving.
Winner, W. S. Price's b. f. by Henry Young-
Laurel Wreath. Tempe J 100, Arnold K 102.
Hoceo 105. Instrument 104. Miss Mollle 105,
Tribune 100, William Parrish 105, Banwell 105,
Dorlce 102, Modoc 102, also ran.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Leads From Start to Finish
and Ties Worth Track
Record.
Fleet Filly Gives Six
Shooter a Decisive
Beating.
LADY JOCELYM
WINS HANDICAP
ALAMEDA, Oct. 13.— Mrs. Adeline M.
Sayle, widow of the late Algernon Sayle,
died last night at her home, 1705 Central
avenue, from valvular disease of. the
heart.' She was a native of Tennessee,
aged 61 years, and had resided ln.Ala
meda for twelve years. Some months ago
a daughter of the deceased passed away,
leaving the mother the last survivor of
the family.
haustion at the end. of the flrst round.
Loren; Brown easily put Willie Sheper to
the floor In ' the flrst rally, and Harry
Williams disposed of John Ding In the
same round.
Death Takes Mrs. A. M. Sayle.
2:17 pace, purse $1000 — Cotillion won the sec
ond, fifth and sixth heats in 2:10*4, 2:14%.
2:14. Dutch Mowry won the flrst heat in
2:10*4. Irish Jack won the third heat In
2:11%. Reaver won the fourth heat in 2:14%.
Money Musk, C. O. D., Charley C, Direct L
and Alley H also started.
2:13 trotting, purse $1000 — Klrkwood Jr. won
two straight heats in 2:13*4, 2:11%. Axde
llghl. Great Spirit. Bessie Blrchwood, Ber
muda Maid, Laundry Boy, Sldnut, Tonga,
Grocery. Maid, John Caldwell. Belle Rose and
Bessie Kenny also started.
2:20 trot to wagon (amateur drivers) — Dr.
Time won two straight heats In 2:16%. 2:19%.
Brigs?. Paclarlo and Galen also started.
2:29 trotting, purse $2000 — Patchen Maid
won the third, fourth and fifth heats in
2:11%, 2:12Vi. 2:13V». Judge Green won the
first and second heats In 2:10*4. 2:10',i. Bessie
Brown. Prince Caton, Texas and Alberto also
started. • \. ii
2:08 pace, purse $1500 — Majorle won two
straight heats in 2:0SH4; 2:00. Cascade, Foxie
Curd, Jong Direct. Mustard. Milton 8, Coun
cil Chimes, Jessie S, Cambria Mall, Mlsn
Mlllamont, Pinchen Wllkes and Cubanolt
also started.
LEXINGTON, Ky.. Oct, 13.— To-day
was marked by close and exciting fin
ishes. With two or three exceptions every
heat was won by a neck or less. Sum
mary;
2:25 pace, pursa $ltX)O — Dlrectum Miller won
the flrst, third and fourth heats In 2:10. 2:09.
2:11. Line o' Gold won the second heat In
2:07%. Mary Gordon. Angus Pointer. Stein.
Ethel Me, Ben Jay, Ralph and Nathalie Brown
also started.
"With Few Exceptions Every Heat Is
Won by a Neck or a
Head.
TROTTING AND PACING
RACES AT LEXINGTON
SIXTH RACE — One mile and seventy yards;
selling:
Betting. Horee, Weight, Jockey. St. % Fin.
5 to 2— Capt. Galnes, 105 (Mthws) 6 3 14
6 to 5— Athelroy. 1>7 (Austin) 7 4 2 *i
15 to 1— False, 95 (W. Hennessey). 1 5 3 h
Time. 1:47V>. Start gooa. Won easily.
Winner, W. G. Matthews 1 b. h. by Deceiver-
Eugenie. Klnsrstelle 100, Landola 104, Sweet
Charity 100, Tabellarlus S6, Feronla 91. Baro
net 105. Sardlan 102. Dr. Hart 104. El Caney
103, also ran. ;
ST. LOUIS ENTRIES.
ST. LOUIS, Oct. 13.— Entries:
First race, six furlongs, 2 year olds and
up purse — Prince of Proxy 106. Prlncesa
Me 110, Ida Davis U2. Lady Thistle 92, Den
zll 110 Conspicuous 103, Orient 92. Nina Fuly
110 Soson 85. Honey Bee 02, Swift Candle
98, ' The Scamp 110. Brick Fowler 92, Scotch
Dance 95.
Second race, one mile and seventy yards,
selnng. 2 year olds and upward — Elle 82. In
golthrlft 85. Launay 85. Goldspot 82, Holachf-r
107 Ora McKlnney S7. Cap and Gown 82,
Si Ah 104 Ltllie Klernan 82. W. B. Gates 109.
Third race six furlongs, 3 year olds and
upward— Lady Idrls 100 Bear Creek 100, Dr.
Burns 105 Slddara 105, Sid Silver 108, Jean
Gravier 100 Vestry 103. Miss Guido 97. Zlrl
105 Crime 100 Duela 97. Emily Oliver 102.
Chorus Boy 105, Weird 105.
Fourth race, one mile -and seventy yards.
2 year olds and upward — Excentral 87. Exapo
104, Spencerlan 87. Bengal 104, Pettljohn 9J.
Haven Run S3. Don O'HIgh 87, Kunja 109,
Athena 82. Nearest 109. ¦ "
Fifth race six furlongs, selling, 2 year olds
Kilo 05, Serenity 100. Sadie Burch 100.
Quaker Girl 99. Lady Free Knight 95. Hugh
McGowan 95. Atlas 07. Jusque La 108.
Sixth race one and an eighth miles, selling,
3 year olds and upward— Pearl Diver 84,
Heien Hay S9 Prism- 101. Maghonl 81, Goo Goo
04 Eugenia S 93 LJndenella 103. El Caney
101 Latson 98. Russellton 98. JPyrrho 102,
Loone 103 Chickamauga 106. Lasso 9S.
st! louts selections.
By the New York Telegraph.
First race— Orient, Lady Thistle,
Swift Candle.
Second race— Ingolthrift, Launay,
Elie.
Third race — Vestry, Sid Silver,
Bear Creek.
Fourth race — Athena, Spencerian,
Haven Bun.
Fifth race — Atlas, Quaker Girl,
Sadie Burch.
Sixth race— Lasso, Lindenella, Goo
Goo.
FIFTH RACE — One mile: purse:
Betting. Horso, Weight, Jockey. St. % Fin.
« to 5 — Yellow Tall. 105 (King) 2 3 1 %
7 to 5 — L. Strathmore. 100 (Austin) 112 7
4 to 1— Ed Ball, 02 (Perkins) 3 2 3 nk
Time, 1 :43. Start good. Won driving. Win
ner, J. Hackett & Co.'s ch. h. by Watercress-
Paloma.
FOURTH RACE— Six furlongs ; puree:
Betting. Horse, Weight. Jockey. St. *i Fin.
20 to 1^-Buccleuth. {Hi (Austin).... 3 3 11
10 to 1— Dr. Scharff. 94 (Calvlt).. 112 5
4 to 1 — Lady Vashtl, OS (McKlny) 7 « 3 1%
Time, 1:15. Start poor. Won enp.lly. Win
ner, B. Schreiber's b. g. by Odd Fellow-Mont
gomery Cooper. Mimo 91, Maverick 80, Elastic
U8, Tom Collins 100. Santa Ventura 94, also
ran.
• THIRD RACE— Six furlongs; purse:
Betting. Horse, Weight, Jockey. St. *i Fin.
4 to 5— Brancas, 112 (Sheehan) 2 3 11
7 to 6 — Miss Crawford, 100 (Austin) 12 2 8
» to 1— Ben Adklns, 106 (Mahon).. 4 1 3 15
Time. 1:14&. Start good. Won easily. Win
ner. AV. Gerst's ch. c. by Knight of Ellerslle-
Brackett. Klncslyro 103, also ran.
Time, 1:08*4. Start good. Won easily. Win
ner, J. C. Mllam & Co.'s ch. f. by Longnight-
Maud L. Detest 100, Mayor Graham 113,' Wll
helmina 105, Lacache 100, Howling Dervish
loo, Sammle Mac 100, Irby Bennett 108, Gae
lana 110. Stub 110, William Sulzer 103, Harry
Griffith 110. also ran. »
SECOND RACE — Five and a half furlongs;
selling:
Betting. Horse, Weight, Jockey. St. % Fin.
0 to 3 — Miss Manners. 110 (Shehan) 11 13
S to 1— Lady Draper, 100 (McKny).lO 6 2 1
7 to 1— Swift Candle, 05 (Austin) . . 0 4 3 Yt
FIRST RACE— Five furlongs; purse:
Betting. Horse, Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
5 to 1— Klowa Chief, 110 (Foley).. 7 6 11
2 to 1— Merrie George, 113 (Shen) 112 2
12 to 1— Uandillo. 108 (Calvlt) 6 4 33
Time, 1:02. Start good. Won easily. Winner,
T. B. Burnett's br. c. by Le Premler-MlM Ad
dle. Luclan 108, Frtckman 10S, I Must 103,
1'ort Warden 108, Tom Olney 108, King Crane
118, Capitol 105, Benton 110, St. Caro 110, Hob
son's Choice 110. Pontchartraln 108, Bifly
Woodard 113. also ran.
ST. LOUIS, Oct. 13.— To-day's racing at
the Fair Grounds was only ordinary, al
though big fields started In most of tho
events. Interest centered in the third
race, a six-furlong sprint. It was won by
Brancas after a perfect ride by Sheehan.
He lay in a nice position until the stretch,
when he gave the Gerst colt his head and
crossed the wire an easy winner.
The weather wasjclear, the track fast
and the attendaneelarge. Summary:
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Large Fields of Mediocre
Caliber Comprise the
Day's Card.
Sheehan Wins a Sprint
With Gerst Colt at
St. Louis.
BRANCAS GIVEN
PERFECT RIDE
THE FAN FBAS CISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, OCTOBER 14, 1903.
PORTLAND, Or., Oct. 13.— Portland's in
ability to bit Knell and several costly errors
lest to-day's game to Sacramento. Butler
pitched good ball. Score:
j» H E
Portland 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 1-1 4 5
Sacramento 0 0000201 1 — 4 8 1
Batteries — Butler and Arthur Anderson;
Knell and Hocan. Umpire — Levy.
Sacramento Wins at Portland.
Daniel McCarthy, a teamster living In
the rear of 223 Potrero avenue, attacked
his sister-in-law, Mrs. Sarah McCarthy,
and Mrs. Minnie Capman on Monday
night. Their screams scared him and
he ran away. Captain Anderson happened
to be near- the nlace at the time and he
sent the two women to the City and
County Hospital, where it was found they
were suffering from fright more than
anything else. They had only sustained
some bruises.
Attacks Two "Women.
Ike Tullett put the old cripple Flamero
over the plate first for the third sprint.
The cluster opposed to him were a very
common lot and the old fellow passed the
judges first just galloping in front of
Barney Schreiber's Sir Christopher, with
L. Spencer up. Blue Miracle was third.
A plunge was made on Illowaho to take
the seven furlong number and Stover's
horse was finally adorned with a set of
brackets. Tho wise ones sent it In on the
gelding at even money and he came from
behind in time to beat El Oriente a neck.
The Miller finished third after catting out
the pace.
Hercules, a 7 to 10 chance, captured the
final live furlong sprint in a gallop.
Meteoro disposed of Troy for place hon
ors. F. E MULHOLLAND.
THE SUMMARIES.
LOS ANGELES. Oct. 13.— Summarlest
2:25 pace, purse $500 —
Tidal Wave (Mosher) 1 3 I . "I
Ira (Maben) 2 \ * _ 2
High Ball (Vance 3 3 2 Dr.
Victor Platte (SampseU) 4 4 3 Dr.
Wood B D«»-
Otto Z DU-
Time, 2:15*i. 2:14. 2:15, 2:1S^.
Six furlongs, selling— Little Margaret. 10*
(Chadler). even, won; Phyx. lOt (Lawrence).
8 to 1 second; Americano. 107 (Waujrbury). 8
to 5. third. Time, 1:14. Iras, Step Around and
Annie E also started.
Five and a half furlong*. selling— M. F. Tar
pey, 110 (Hlldebrand). 10 to 1, won: E. M.
Brattaln. lltt (Chadler). 1 to 4, second; Thisbe.
104 (Kuni). 8 to 1. third. Time, 1:07. Miracle
II, Achilles and Midget also ran. -
Six furlongs, selling — Flamero, 109 (Tullett),
7 to 10, won; St. Christopher, 104 (L. Spencer).
2 to 1, second; Blue Miracle. 00 (Knapp). 3 to
1. third. Time, l:14}i. Sherry, Prestolus and
Honduran also ran.
Seven furlongs, selling — Illowaho, 112 (See),
even, won; El Oriente, 109 (Hildebrand). 0 to
2. second: The Miller. 100 (L. Jackson). 2 to 1.
third. Time, 1:2S. Limber Jim. Miss Vera and
Tamm also ran.
Five furlongs, selling — Hercules, 100 (Fraw
ley). 7 to 10. won; Meteoro.. 107 (Jackson). 6 to
1. second; Troy, 107 (Hildebrand). 2 to 1. third.
Time. 1:01 Sol Smith, Pllon, Kegrusca and
San Francisculto a!so ran.
LOS ANGELES ENTRIES.
First race. Southern California stakes, 2:24
trot. J10C0 — Cornelius D. Babe. Andy McKln
ney, Jupiter B, I-ady Zombro, Rosie Woodburn,
Sutter. Zombowette, Louise Croner.
Second race, three-quarters of a mile — Ingo
10J>, Louwelsea 1C0. The Toller 107, Loyal S
109, Billy Moore 100, Nona B 100. Little Secret
100. Cherries 100.
Third race, three-year-olds and up. seven
furlongs — Cons>tellator 107. Tower of Candles
109, Chub 100, Dollle Welthoff 100, Respirator
105. Dr. Shorb 105.
Fourth race, one and a ctuarter miles, sell
ing — Miracle TI 107, Due Martin 32. George
Dewey 101, Admetus 107. Max Bendlx 104.
Fifth race, free handicap, one mile and fifty
yards — Father Wentker 88. Bragg 115, Warto
Nicht 104, Diamante OS. Solon 108.
Sixth race, six furlongs, selling — El Plloto
ion, Chlleno 109. Frank Pierce 100, Skirmish
100, Tliona 100.
Al Neill and Dixie Kid to Meet.
OAKLAND, Oct. 13.— The main event at
th« Sequoia Athletic Club's boxing night
will be a contest between Al Neill and
Dixie Kid, and It should be fast from the
first tap of the grong. as both men are
training hard for the/ event and Neill ia
determined to reverse the decision ren
dered at their first meeting In Los An
geles, when he lost a well-fought battla
by a narrow margin.
TEAMS TO CONTEST TOR
LACROSSE CHAMPIONSHIP
Brawny Players From Canada and
British Columbia Meet Here
Next Saturday.
The opportunity of witnessing a spirited
game of lacrosse will be given to lovers
of the sport, as the championship teams
of -Montreal. Canada, and Vancouver. B.
C, •will contest next Saturday afternoon,
at the baseball grounds. Ninth and Bry
ant streets, for the championship of the
world.
8
ADVERTISEMENTS.
WEAK MEN CURED
WITHOUT STOMACH
DRUGGING; FREE
Simple Home Method In Possession of
Detroit Specialist Does Wonders
for Men — Sometbln^
Entirely New.
SENT FREE TO ALL.
There hat. been discovered by a well-known
Detroit specialist a simple, direct and Quick
home method for tbe cure of such conditions as
k xual weakness or lost majihood. nicht lottaes,
varicocele, shrunken organs, bladder trouble,
diseases of the 'kidneys and urinary organs,
prematurity, etc., and so effective is It In re-
eults on men, even as old as h.1, that it should
at once recommend Itself to every thinking;
man who suffers In this way. The cure, strange
to sa}'. Is accctnoiished without the use of druea.
i salves, ointments or anything of that kind. And
> ft it U no mechanical device, but one of the
truly rreat discoveries In znaterla medlca that
cures without taking anything Into the t-tom-
ach and arouses a glow of warmth, energy and
good leelinc almost instantly In tbe oldest per-
son.
The discovery can be relied upon to cure the
worst and most long standlnc cases, and It is
especially urged that men who have been un-
able to find a cure before, as well as those who
nave not known a happy moment In years, write
at once to Doctor II. C. Kay nor, 685 Smith
bufldtne. Detroit. Mich., and you will imme-
diately receive the treatment entirely FUEE,
me well as a scholarly essay on the subject de-
ccribing all the symptoms in detail, sent plain
and securely sealed. Consider that nothing Is
Impossible In this century of marvelous
achievements, the century that gave us anti-
toxin and X-rays, and that however doubtful
j ou may be because of past failures to find a
permanent cure, yet this may prove th<> very
thing you have eo long sought. Let your re-
sponse be prompt. DK. II. C. UAYNOK, t&5
fcnuth building, Detroit. Mica.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
-«^L <^L Barley-malt
est Hops
Coin
One reason for the
(y£4vj|^j*Vj} superiority of the
Anheuser-Busch brews
is, they contain no corn, an ingredient that
cheapens the cost of brewing arid injures tho
quality of the beer. The mark of purity —
The "A" and the EAGLE
identifies the products of the
Anheuser-Busch Brewing Ass n
T^TrnWTTTQ!?'P —"X&Z o* Bottled Beers."
JJ %J U W H?JLO.£:«I£. 83,790,300 bottles sold in 1903.
Orders promptly filled by ' \n~~''
¦ " TTTiT.TffANN & BENDEEj Pacific Slo E e Distributer*HENRY J. CROCKER, CA2TOI
DATE FOR MAYOR, AD
DRESSING CITIZENS.
Schmitz Did Not Attend.
A reception was given to the Grand
A Maccabee Smoker.
Golden West Tent of the Maccabees
gave a smoker In its meeting place, in
bullying, last nfeht. Tfie, attend
ance numbered into the hundreds, and
there was a long and varied programme
of music, songs, recitations, and stories
and an exhibition of boxing. During the
evening cigars, light refreshments and
sandwiches were enjoyed.
Diedrlch Brommer was found asphyx
iated In his room at 2697 Mission street
yesterday afternoon by his mother upon
her r«turn home from a visit to San Lo
renzo. From all the circumstances sur
rounding the demise of the unfortunate
man it appears to be a tfase of accidental
death. John Garben, proprietor of a sa
loon In the vicinity, saw Brommer at 4
o'clock in an intoxicated condition. Mrs.
Brommer, upon her return home, detected
the odor of gas and upon making investi
gation found her son lying on the bed in
his room, partly dressed and cold In
death. The door was ajar about an Inch
and the gaa was turned on. She
called L. SpoeUer of 810 Capp street, who
notified the Coroner's office, and the body
was removed to the Morgue. Deceased
was a native of this city and aged 2S
years.
Accidentally Asphyxiated.
The second meeting was in the Twenty
eighth Assembly District, at Occidental
Hall. 236 Third street. His talk here was
mostly devoted to "De Young's business
men's ticket," as he styled the Republi
can nominees. Business men were all
very well In their way, but they were not
so well fitted to nil those positions as
men who were brought up in the political
field. In support of his remarks he quoted
several of the largest Eastern cities that
have lawyers at the head of their muni
cipal affairs.
"Law," he said. "Is the Incarnate sense
of the people at large." He referred to
the Republican party as "a mere shell."
and wound up his remarks by an en-
Franklin K. Lane, McNab's candidate
Cot Mayor, addressed two large audiences
last night. The first meeting was held In
the Forty-fourth District, at Garibaldi
Hall on Broadway. Here Lane had the
Italian contingent to deal with, and
opened his remarks by referring to the
Tivoli, where the works of the great Ital
ian masters were at present being sung.
He gave the Civil Service Commission a
tremendous rap, Baying that that service
waa made for the rich man and directly
opposed to the laboring man. He then
touched on the $18,000,000 that is to be
spent upon the new Improvements to the
city during the next administration, and,
according to his Ideas, unless the Demo
cratic party had absolute charge of the
expenditure, the money would be wasted
and very little would drift into the pock
ets of the laboring classes.
Oscood Putnam acted as chairman, and
on the stage were Judge Mogan, Dr.
d'Ancona, John Connor, Dr. Washington
Dodge, Dr. T. B. W. Leland and Samuel
BraunharL
McKab's Candidate Talks at Gari
baldi and Occidental Halls.
ULOTE ADDRESSES MEETINGS.
The friends of John J. Greif in the pan
handle district met last night at Devisa
dero and Oak streets. Sixty members
signed the roll." Harry E. Fleming was
elected chairman, Richard Carey vice
chairman, and Charles Born, secretary.
A campaign committee was appointed by
the chairman to canvas% the district In
the interest of Mr. Greif's candidacy. Re
marks were made by II. E. Fleming,
Thomas C. Wilson, James ( Cairns and
several others. After giving three cheers
for their favorite the club' adjourned to
meet at the same place on next Monday
evening.
Campaigning for Greif.
Mayer Schmitz told the assembly last
evening that if the Labor party north
of Market street was half as enthusiastic
as the party south of Market street there
would be no auestlon as to the result of
the election. It is Just possible that
Schmitz does not realize that the people
he addresses on the south side of the city
are the same people who listen to his re
marks on the north side.
The second Schmitz meeting of the even
ing was in the Forty-fourth District, but
a large portion of the assembly proved
to be a following, of tho Mayor from
Steimke Hall. If those who followed him
to Apollo Hall had hoped to hear a new
speech they Were bitterly disappointed, as
in both cases his remarks were Identi
cal. At each meeting last evening, as
well as at last Monday's meeting, ha
strongly denounced the Bulletin for what
he termed the "base lies that paper has
published," and stated that the newsboys
had demonstrated their -affection for him
by refusing to sell the Bulletin.
Though there were still several other
nominees to speak, at the close of the
Mayor's remarks tho audience promptly
filed out. and the majority of the people
followed Schmitz to Apollo Hall on Stock
ton street.
Mayor Schmitz made a short address,
owing to the numerous other meetings
he had to attend. He explained to those
present that it waa necessary they should
all irive their votes to tho Labor Union
nominees; that the time had come when
the laboring man who earned his bread
by the sweat of his brow was to have
a voice in the government of the city;
that Justice should bo demanded by them,
and in order to get Justice they must
elect the man who was born of the work-
Ing people and who had the interest of
the workinff people at heart.
Mr. Gallagher made a strong address,
upholding the last two years of Schmltz's
office as an example of integrity, hon
esty and justice toward the working class
of San Francisco. Gallagher stated that
Franklin K. Lane had entered the cam
paign without the slightest hope of ever
holding the office of Mayor, but with the
Intent of keeping the victory from Bchmltz
In order that Crocker may be elected.
Others who spoke were Powel Fredrick,
nominee for County Clerk, and Frank
Conklin,. candidate for Auditor.
Walter Gallagher was the first man to
address the small assamblage, which con
sisted principally of Labor party nominees
and little boys.
The first of a series of six district meet-
Ings attended by Mayor Schmitz last
evening was held in Steimke Hall, on
Octavia street, in the Forty-first District.
Large bonfires blazed in the middle of
the streets and the sidewalks in the vicin
ity of the hall were thronged with small
boys eager for a glimpse of the Mayor.
The meeting was called to order by M.
Bollo, president of the Forty-first Dis
trict Union Labor Club.
in Different Districts.
I/ABOB PARTY MEETINGS.
Mayor Schmitz Addresses Gatherings
treaty to all good Democrats' south of
Market street to come to the front and
support the ticket In opposition to the
wise men of the Republican party north
of Market street.
The Democratic committee on vacancies
met yesterday and filled the vacancy
on the Democratic ticket for Tax Collec
tor by nominating John Vinal as'candi
date for that oftice.
The fourteen men who had registered
from the Baltimore House and from
houses on Jessie street failed to appear
before the Election Commission upon cita
tions, and their names were ordered
stricken from the. great register.
The Election Commission awarded the
contract for printing 100,000 affidavits to
Phillips, Smyth & Van Norden, the second
lowest bidder,* because the lowest bidder
had not bid according to specifications.
The commission declared the official re
sult of the recen* election for the acquisi
tion of the Geary-street road to be 14,351
for the proposition and 10,790 against.
The total vote cast was 25,276.
During the registration of voters for the
municipal election, many persons applied
whose answers to the questions asked by
the clerks in the Registrar's office were
so uncertain as to cause suspicion as to
their right to register. In every caso of
that kind, note waa taken and a list
prepared. On Friday last twenty depu
ties were detailed by the Registrar to
canvass the entire city, and especially
the lodging-houses. One of the most sus
picious cases was that of a number of
colored men, apparently ex-soldlers on
their return from the Philippines. . They
were marshaled by Sam . King, who ap
peared to be prompting them In their
answers. Of twenty registered, seventeen
were found either not living at /the ad
dress given, or from fictitious addresses.
Every lodging-house- keeper Is compelled
by law to furnish a copy of the register
of his house, and these will be compared
with the Registrar's list of voters.
. The examination bo far shows a large
number of names of men on the register
vrho will be prevented from voting on
election day. Any person who attempts
to vote, who Is not lejrally entitled to do
so, will be arrested and prosecuted to the
fullest extent of the law.
The. following named do not reside at
addresses given:
Charles Sales 429 Pacific; William H. At
kins, 604 Broadway; James Poison, 520 Pa
cific; Jerry Burkhalter, 706 Stockton; James
"W. Smith. C04 Broadway; H. W. Davis. 418
N.-ucma; James Jones. 40s Pacific; J. E. Neth
erland. 812 Kearny; William S. Jones, 418
Xatoma; Clifford Johnson. 812 Kearny; J. II.
Gordon 40S Pacific; Rector Adams, M4 Pa-,
cine; Harry A. L. Crouch, 1300H Stockton;
Arthur Lewis. 429 Pacific; Hiley Moore, 822
Pacific: Horace Q. Williams. 13001, Stockton;
Allen Williams, 636 Commercial; Albert B.
Taylor. ISOOVi Stockton; James Green, 610
Montgomery; Thomas Johnson, 110 Montgom
ery .
Fraudulent Registration.
Andrew L. Johnston, chairman, in
speaking of the non-attendance of Mayor
Schmitz, said:
"Mayor Schmitz gave his word that
he would be present to-night to deliver
the address of welcome to th© visitors,
but I understand that he is doing poli
tics in the Spring Valley district. We
are not shedding tears over him,"
Lodge of Good Templars at the Academy
of Sciences Hall last night. Mayor
Schmitz had Riven his word to the com
mittee that he would deliver an address
of welcome on behalf of the city, but he
failed to attend.
Republicans of the Twenty-eighth and
Twenty-ninth Assembly districts will
rally to-night at Occidental Hall. 245
Third street, to cheer Henry J. Crocker
and other nominees of the Republican
party. There Is great enthusiasm south
of Market street for the Republican
cause.
Arthur G. Fisk, secretary of the Repub
lican campaign committee, was nomi
nated for secretary and he declined on
the ground that he would not be able to
attend to the duties. He said he was
working ten or twelve hours a day to
bring about the success of the Republican
party. The nomination was withdrawn
and Harry Strahel was elected secretary.
Mr. Lackmann called upon Fisk to ex
plain why he was violating union rules by
working more than eight hours a day.
Fisk, in a clever speech, said that he
was working energetically to bring about
tha success of the ticket, well knowing
that in doing so he was aiding his friend,
Henry H. Lynch. The speaker further
told how Mr. Lynch had helped him to
bring about his election to the Assembly
In a district which had not gone Repub
lican in ten years. He also told of the
many friends Lynch had among the work
ingmen and business men of the commu
nity. He said he felt certain that Lynch
would win and by a handsome majority.
E. E. Gates, E. L. Van der Naillen,
Richard Cox, ex-Judge James E. Barry
and others spoke highly about the Repub
lican candidate for Sheriff." Mr. Crocker
took his leave before the meeting was
over in order that he might attend other
meetings. He was again cheered heartily.
The Republicans of the Thirty-eighth
Assembly District will meet to-morrow
evening at Mascot Hal!, 1106 Golden Gate
avenue, between Buchanan and Webster
streets. Senator E. I. Wolfe will pre
side. Henry J. Crocker, the Republican
standard bearer, will address the peo
ple. Isidore Golden, Daniel A. Ryan and
John S. Partridge will also epeak. Frank
Grimes, Charles C. Morris and Isidore
Golden constitute the committee on ar
rangements.
ABTHTTB. FISK EXPLAINS.
I have nothing to eay against the candidate
en the other ticket. He Is a nice man. but,
in epite of the fact that he stands upon the
platform of his party which expressly states
that lu candidates shall not accept a nomina
tion from another party, he so far forgets
hi« manhood, dignity and honor as to receive
another nomination. I know that If Henry R.
Lynch had stood upon a Republican platform
and Indorsed it. and that platform said he
should not t*k« another nomination, he would
not have accepted it. (Applause.)
I told them In th« convention wh«n I nomi
nated Mr. Lynch tbat h» would make a* good
a Sheriff as we have ever had in this city and
county. All I want Mr. Lynch to do and all
tha peopl* want him to do is to carry en the
business of his office In the some efficient, up
right and honorable manner as It has been
during the last four years under John Lack
mann. Mr. Lynch Is a first-class man. Mr.
Lynch comes from the people. He represents
the true California pioneer spirit. He is a
man who has lived here all his life. He has
had business dealings in this city, and all
men who have come In contact with him hare
words of praise for him. He is a jrreat bt»
husky fellow, and if he Is elected Sheriff ht*
can go out and carry on the work of, his of
fice unaided.
toward him and expreesed the belief that
he would be elected If the enthusiasm
they displayed was a standard of judging
the Interest they were taking In his fight.
Isidore Golden was next called upon to
•peak and raid In part:
HENRY J. CROCKER is an Weal can
didate. When it comes to meeting
his fellow citizens man to man he
outclasses Schmitz in warmth and
cordiality and makes Lane look like
an Iceberg. Yesterday Mr. Crocker met
many of his friends <yi Mission, Howard,
Folsom and Bealo streets. Wherever he
went he received cordial and positive as
surances of support.
Later in the day he visited the Potrero
and South San Francisco. He went there
on business matters, but did not neglect
the opportunity to do some campaigning
in behalf of the Republican ticket. Henry
J. Crocker's winning personality counts
largely In his favor as a leader of the Re
publican forces.
He does not go around casting glances
of admiration at himself or gazing Into
space with the far away Moses look of
the lofty and superior orator. He is a
plain, penlal man of affairs who has min
gled enough with men to appreciate the
fact that others can tell him something
that he does not know.
He is not so ingenuous as to suppose
that every workman that gives him the
cordial hand grasp is going -to give him
his vote also, but he is conscious of the
fact that many of the men who are em
ployed in the shops, factories and other
establishments of the great manufactur
ing districts of San Francisco are active
ly supporting his candidacy for Mayor,
and he appreciates the value of that sup
port because the professional politicians
and job chasers said that he would not
derive any strength from the ranks of the
laboring men. The men who toil for a
livelihood frankly tell Mr. Crocker that
they would rather see in the Mayor's chair
a plain, straightforward business man
than a smooth, oily politician. Crocker's
style of campaigning suits the workers.
The Republicans of the Twenty-eighth
and Twenty-ninth Assembly districts will
have a Joint rally this evening at Occi
dental Hall. 245 Third street, between
Howard and Folsom. The meeting will
be called to order by Thomas Westoby
of the Twenty-eighth District, who will
Introduce Leon Samuels of the Twenty
ninth District as chairman of the evening.
Henry J. Crocker, John E. McDougald,
William S. Barnes,' Daniel A. Ryan, Percy
V. Long, Henry H. Lynch, E. S. Salo
mon, John J. Greif and other candidates
will address the meeting. In addition
there will be singing and music.
Ruefs candidate for Mayor Is not mak
ing much progress In the direction of win
ning support. A few days ago he made
a tour of the mercantile and manufactur
ing districts and ascertained that many
voters who supported him two years ago
had resolved to vote for Henry J. Crocker
on November 3. It begins to dawn on
the Schmitz mind that Ruefs presence
In the Union Labor party In, an element
of weakness rather _.than a tower of
strength. Schmitz is' advising Ruef to
keep clear of the labor meetings and de
vote his whole time to the distribution of
campaign banners and buttons. It Is
roughly estimated that Ruef has already
disbursed $25,000 in this contest in herald
ing the attractions of Schmitz. In order
to increase the fund there is talk of ex
hibiting Parry and the colt and fixing
the price of single admission at the mod
est figure of 10 cents. Everything else
belonging to the Schmitz administration
seems to have been farmed out. A good
deal of the stuff that passes current as
Schmitz enthusiasm is really hot air or
steam generated by gangs of taxeaters
who are on the municipal payroll. They
go from one district meeting to another
singing the praises of Eugene and silent
ly worshiping Abe. The vote for Schmitz
on November 3 will fall far below what
it was two years ago. It was estimated
In 1301 that 6000 voters belonging to the
Primary League supported Schmitz In or
der to rebuke the bosses. In this cam
paign the Republicans are united and con
fident of yictory. Ruers following Is less
than »v^, and it Is getting: smaller rather
than larger. As a matter of fact, there
are no well known Republicans In the
Ruef-Schmitz camp. It is expected, how
ever, that Schmitz will lead Lane In the
race, because the Lnlon Labor men will
not support a McNab candidate. Lane's
efforts to break into the Union Labor
camp have failed. All indications point
to a large plurality for Henry J. Crocker.
Carpenter Falls From Tank.
Edward Flynn, a carpenter residing at
735 Brannan street, while building a water
tank at Lyons street and Pacific avenue
yesterday, fell from a temporary platform
a distance of thirty feet. He was conveyed
to the Emergency Hospital and treated
for Injuries to the right side, a possible
fracture of three ribs and a sprained
right wrist.
Thrre were Fhouts for Lynch ard the
candidate was given a irreat reception
•when be was presented. He thanked his
friends for their mark of good feeling
LYNCH IS POPTJLAB.
More people wonder why it is that for the
first time in th? history of the Republican
J»arty every elen3--~t is drawn together; that
the party is In such perfect shape.. It Is a
pity that thl* is net a r.aticnal ejection in
ctead of a isnnictsal or.e. because I am eure
Ran Frar.cisco and the State of California
would redeem any iraitaticn she may have
lt>6t by a close election in the pact by the
rrand majority the Republican rarty would
nO QS) as a national party. (Applause.)
Now it 1* gcir.s to be the effort of our lives
to ehow what the grand o'.d party can do at
this rruniciral elect'on, and we will have in
our minds at til time* the national Republican
I arty. While we may look forward to the
efforts that have been made by u» In 'Wash
ington to further the jrreai interests of the
United States, we have something of far more
Importance to ourselves.
AN L .PORTANT ELECTION.
We have before us something of great im
portance to our people and to cur beautiful
city ar/, that If the ticket that shall be elect
ed en November S. The election of the Re
publican ticket Is of vital importance to the
Interests cf the city. TVe have taken up the
charter, which is up to date in every particu
lar. \V> all voted for the charter, which is
¦ linort a perfect document. It has been slightly
amend* d. but it Is a foundation upon which we
can place reliance. We have taken up the im
portance cf improving our city and the people
of this citv voted to make this the finest and
mcf=t modern city in the world. We Intend
to have new schoolhouses. better streets, better
fewer? and other necessary improvments, all
ter.dlne to make this a flr»t-class city. Th»
people have taken this matter up and handled
it *n an honors hi" way. The nmltS will re
tiocnfl to the credit and honor of Pan Fran
ciECO. Now we purpose, with the united \ - ote
cf the Republican party, to give the people
a good administration. We will ¦
rlect our ran<*l2»te for Sheriff, Henry II.
Lynch. f Greet cheers.)
I want to say a few more words. Mr. Henry
H. Lynch has the indorsement of the Republi
can party cf th!s city and we will elect him.
Dcs't let us make two bites of a cherry. Don't
let us forget this, that or the other thing. Let
ur as Republicans take the entire ticket and
carry It into office and with the. he!» of the >
Republican oarty and the friends of Henry
H Lyn'-h he will be *>!ect«l the next Sheriff
of San Francisco. (Great applause.)
In the midst of his speech Kenry J.
Crocker entered the hall. He was recog
nized ar.d cheered to the ecno. Mr. Lack
mann ictroduced him to the assemblage
and Mr. Crocker spoke as follows:
I Jurt cam* upstairs with "Billy" Harail
tcn. 50 I have my breath with me. (Laughter.)
I had hoped thst - would be able to remain in
the back rare of the ha31 and hear the gr?od
things SZ.IA about the candidate for Sheriff, my
good friend. Henry H. Lynch (apr>lau5e). but
as lens as it Is up to me to eay Fomethina;. I
want to eay MfBCtXtf&S that I know every one
of you her* will scree with ire. and that i« that
the whole Iic-publican party ia harmonized and
united and will stand together at this election
and will not only brine ab^ut the election of
the ticket, but every candidate on the ticket.
(Great arpIauFP.)
Mr. L&cJnaaca then took the platform
and in a ehort speech thanked the as
semblage for the honor bestowed upon
hixa. Mr. Lackmann took occasion to add
his meed of praise for Mr. Lynch. He
told cf his progressive spirit, geniality
and kindness to the workir.gman that
proved h!m to be an ideal candidate. He
said Mr. Lynch had forgotten him, al
though he remembered him when ho was
supenr.tendins: the construction of the
Powell street railroad. He said that
Lynch was the b«=st friend the laboring
man has had ar.d he added that the city
owed a great deal to him by reason of
his progressive spirit.
CHEERS FOB CTLOCKEB.
FRIENDS of Heary H. liynch. auuSl
fiata tor SZcKX, turned out in full
force last night end crowxfad PytMan
Caatla. Th«r nauto the hall In which
they met echo with their cheers fcr
Lynch and Henry J. Crocker. There was
a *T«a* deal of enthusiasm displayed by
th» Mends of bota esLndldates. In the
CT-Usering wvio many Democrats, who
turned out to do honor to their friend.
Hesry H. Lynch, The reception tendered
Mr. Crocker vna & hearty one. Speeches
wer« tnado by members <rf the leading
P^ rtIeS and the ¦«etln>ent3 expressed by
tie speakers were applauded.
George D. Squires callea the nveetlng
to order, ire said the flret business of
the evening was the selection of a chair
man, Isidore Golden placed Sheriff John
Lackrnann la nomination. Golden dwelt
en the fact that L^tekmann showed hlm
eelf a broad-minded man In coming out
strong: for Lynch despite the fact that
he Cld not receive the nomination at the
hands of his party. He said Mr. Lack
mane's a<>=ilnistratlon had been clean
and he thought that If Mr. Lynch was
elected he would follow the example set
by the Incumbent and give the people an
honest administration. There was no op
position to Mr. Lackmann's election and
he was selected chairman by a unanimous
vote.
Republican Rallies
Scheduled for
To-Night '
Big Meeting Brings
Outworkers of
Standard Bearer Is
Making an Ideal
Campaign.
Friends of Henry H.
Lynch Making
His Fight.
HENRY J. CROCKER'S CANDIDACY FOR MAYOR WINS POPULAR APPROVAL
IN EVERY DISTRICT OF THE CITY AND WORKINGMEN PLEDGE SUPPORT
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL., WEDNESDAY, OCTOBER 14,\ 1903.
9
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
*****
r^Jt^Yjr «^L Mk JsL « *&¦«"* «•!• JL *» b *<^ B ar
Bc???i^cHgsB»^— w*?Si >-* j^*»gf+^ft^K&7iE^ \jfth V^ r 3
¥ \J?¥^Jtt ' k^ss«sB^wsC^ssssssarBwBw?YBrv?^tr?v^i^^^^T^^mri^^^sy^^»V^^£Sswv^MS^Sw!yCS^£f
- FOR FASHION'S LATEST FADS:
What » being made abroad n told ia our letters from London and Paris, and what
it to be worn here this Winter u fully pictured and described ia detail. Many pases
are devoted to illustrations of fashionable hats, creations of the beft homes, and the
newest dress fabrics, trimmings and accessories. The Dressmaking and Needlework <
departments are invaluable to the woman who would be well gowned. ;
[FOR HOUSEHOLD HELPS
** Household Helps ** is a trite expression. Far from trite are the helps continually
offered in The Delineator by able writers who suggest new thoughts in cooking, happy |
. arrangements in furnishing and short cots ia all branches of housekeeping.
For Children's Stories and Pastimes
The Delineator's juvenile stories can really be enjoyed by children who read or are
read to. The many suggestions offered keep little hands amusingly occupied, and teach !
i while they amnse. i
¦ FOR BRIGHTEST FICTION
The clerereft ftory writers assist in making The Delineator's pages eatertai&isg.
In November, Lillie Hamilton French tells of "An Interrupted Woneymoon "*; Minna
\ C. Smith of "The little Mail Carrier ~ : WilKam MacLeod Raine of "An Unpre-
meditated EngagCTcnt " ; and then the tcrial ftory," The Evolution cf a dub Woman,"
about which everybody is talking, is continued.
FOR WOMAN'S SOCIAL DOINGS
Woman's clubs, her entertainments, her obligations to society, and her T&riots occu-
pation*, are delightfully treated from various view points. \
\ FOR ATTRACTIVE ILLUSTRATIONS \
The world's beft illustrators make The Delineator's pages attractive. The second -
of J. C. Hemment's remarkable photographic articles, an uncocsraon ftory of Mr.
Hemment's uncommon doings, is in the November number, and the work of Cucrin, [
Rosenmeyer, Keller, Ashe, Lowell, Aylward, Leyendecker and Eaton appears monthly.
Of your newsdealer or any Butttrick agent, or of the publishers*
. at 15 cents a copy, $1.00 for an entire year
THE BUTTERICK PUBLISHING COMPANY, LTD.. 17 West 13m St. New Yak [
i ¦ ¦ ¦
C T^^^T^T^ Abeant5falhUckiiuJwhi!eminfataTerepTOdactionofa6(><ent(Meent»
! ¦-¦^#¦¦¦1- to subscribers) four-sheet calendar, printed in colors, irUsttplly .
I H If H H mounted, representiisr BABYHOOD, CHILDHOOD. GIRLHOOD
| I |\ I I and MOTHERHOOD, will be sent free to any one wriaur » postal
A Jb X J*— «f J^ for it and mention ing this paper. Write to-day. u
. . '
Subscriptions to The Delineator can be handed in at any of the
following' Butterick Agencies in this city:
The Butterick Publishing Co., (Ltd.), 201 Post street.
The Emporium.
Weinstock, Lubin & Co., Grant avenue and Geary street.
I. S. Cohen, ": */ 145 Sixth street.
J. "W. Eaton, 639 McAllister street.
S. M. Cohn & Bro., 1305 Stockton street..
W. C. Hays, 1303 Polk street.
D. Lindner, 1730 Devisadero street.
Schoenholz Bros. & Co., 2011-2013 Fillmore street.
:F. L. Waibel, -J 3035 Sixteenth street.
Oscar Waibel, - - 2526 Mission street.
ArVEBTISEMEITTS.
MAKE JUST ONE
MORE TRIAL.
K"o Katter How Many Eemedies You
Have Tried Here Is One That
Will Cure Your Piles.
If yea are fafferiaj from the pain and tor-
ture of Slies and want to be cured. BD«nd 50
wits at the drufsrlrt's fcr or.e package cf
Pyramid Pile Cure and convince yourself be-
yond a doubt that It can b« done. There Is no
«irth!y doubt that th'a remedy vrlli cure j-ou
Jurt as !t has cun»d thousands and thousands
ef other* if you follow the directions and rive
it a fair trial.
Tou rr;ay have tried so many remedies that
you reel that r°urs is a hopeless case. Tou
may have brcome discouraged and Buffered so
Ions; that It is elmoet second nature to you. It
r.:-.'r.'s no d:~<?rence how eerlous your case is.
or how lens; you have had it, you will be cured
Just the same.
Pyramid Pile Cure is in the form cf euppo«1-
tories, and r%achir.gr the eeat of th" trouble
give* Instant relief. It does away with tha
torture of the knife and the humiliation of ex-
amination ar.d cperxUcn by the phyeician. It
is a-dmlQisteird ty the sufferer himself in the
privacy of the home. There Is no record cf its
ever faillnr to cur<» the mest severe, aggra-
vated and '.'•¦ u ciandinc cases.
Mm. R. T. C. boylan. Marshall. Mississippi,
writee: "I suffered awful torture for years
from piles. I used Pyramid Pile Cure and was
well in three days."
Amos Crocker of Worcester writes: "After
roln» through a frightful surgical operation
and after tryinr any number of salves and
ointments, cn« 50-cent box of Pyramid Pile
Cure ta\ t epeedy relief and it quickly cured
me."
James Kentoa. Memphis. Tenn.. cays- "I
Buffered the tortnr* of Itching- piles for years
and not even mercurial ointment would relieve
me. One 60-cent box of Pyramid Pile Cure
cured me entirely."
Pyramid Pile Cure is fcr sale by all drus-
iriru. cr will be sent upon receipt of price 60
cents a cackace. by Pyramid Drug Co.. Mar-
shall. Mich.
Writ* for free booklet on the nature tr*ij-
nextf and cure of piles.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ps^a is a product of American enterprise, made by t.i-'^i
WM American labor for American homes, and holds JSk$
MB first place in the esteem of all good housekeepers* tfj p)
J on the label and tnos avoid imitations. t'-.'-t
Illf Wood Rollers. Tin Rollers. 'M^k
ADVEETISESEENTS.
niAin ¦
flu 11
n ¦ vi ii
THE CAUSE
OF
DISEASE
I Nine-tenths of all our dlweases H
have their beginning with 11
CONSTIPATION
It is a duty we owe to our
body to secure a free move-
ment of the bowels once every
day. The one reliable remedy
for constipation is
HUNYAOI JANOS
THE NATURAL LAXATIVE WATER.
Half a glass on arising gives Eg
prompt and pleasant relief. if
DDTTOTJ17C rOR barbers. ba- v
DnUailijL) k «"- bootblacks, bath-
U11UU111JU houses, billiard table*,
brewers, bookbinders, candy-makers, cannera,
dyers, flour mills, foundries, laundries, paoer-
hangerm, printers, painters, shoe factories,
stablemen, tar-roofers, tanaer*. tailors, no.
BUCEASA5 BBOS.,
Brush KaanI acturers, 609 Sacramento St.
IA/. T. HESS.
Notary Public and Attorn ey-at-law.
Tenth Floor. Room 1015. Glaus Spreekels bids-.
Telephone Main. 0S3. '
Residence, 821 California st., below i Powell.
Residence Telephone James 1501.FROM SEATTLE,
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey
Time and Heights of Hlghf and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
. NOTE — The high and low waters occur at
?fce city ftont (Mission-street wharf, about 25
minutes later than at Fort Point; the height
of tide Is the same at both places.
'<: WEDNESDAY. OCTOBER 14.
Sun rises .6:17 a. m.
Run Bets 5:35 p. m.
Moon rises ...0:00 a. m.
D- Time Time iTime ITimel
Jl Ft. Ft. I Kt. • 1 Ft
? )H W| L W| [H Wf (L W|-
M 6:36 4.7 11:66 2.91 CM.) 4.8
L W H W L W H W
15 0:20 0.5 7:30 ;4.0 1:04 2.4 «:B9 4.8
16 1:23 0.6 8:16 8.2 2:04 1.0 8:10 5.0
17. 2:20 0.8 9:00*5.5 2:57 1.3 9:16 5.1
18 3:00 0.0 9:41! R.G 3:45 0.8 10:15 5 2
19 3:51 1.2 10:20| 5.8| 4:30] 0.4 11:10 5.3
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tides
Sun, Moon and Tide.
The Time Ball on the tower of the Ferry
building was dropped exactly at noon. to-day —
i. j e.. at noon of the 120th meridian, or at S
p.'m.. Greenwich ¦ time. - • •
J. C. BURNETT.
Lieutenant, U. 8. N., in charge.
Branch Hydrographlc Office, TJ. S. N., Mer
chants' ¦ Exchange, San Francisco,- Cal.,
October 13.
Time Ball.
Basketmaking employs 50,000 persons In
Germany.
the early mornlne tides are given in the left
hand column and the successive tides . of the
day In the order of occurrence aa to time; the
fourth time column gives the last tides of the
day, except when there are but three tides, as
sometimes occurs. The heights giVen are in
addition to the soundings of the United States
Coast Survey charts, except when a minus <— )
sign precedes the height, and then the number
given Is subtracted from the depth given by
the charts. The plane of reference is the mean
of the lower low waters.
Fteamer. For. Sail*.
Dlrlgo Skagway & Way Ports. . Oct 14
Dolphin Skajrway. & Way Ports.. Oct. 16
Banta Ana.... Cooks Inlet & Way Prts Oct 16
Al-Kl Skagway &. Way Ports.. Oct. 16
Farallon Skagway & Way Ports.. Oct. *>O
City Seattle... Skagway & Way Ports.. Oct V0
Nome City.... Cooks Inlet & Way Ports Oct. 22
Cottage City. . Skagway & "Way Ports. Oct. 20
CltyTopeka.. Skagway & Way Ports. Oct. 28
The California Department of Educa
tion of the Louisiana Purchase Expo
sition to be h(^d next year in St. Louis
met yesterday In the office of Superin
tendent of Schools Langdon to perfect
arrangements for the school exhibit. Cir
culars and letters of instructions were
ordered sent to superintendents, teachers
and boards of education in California,
asking for hearty co-operation in secur
ing a creditable exhibit of pupils' work.
Two forms of exhibits are Included— Class
A to consist of a general exhibit of the
State public schools at large and State
public school system; class B to consist
of distinctive or individual exhibits of
a city, county, or private school sys
tem, a single educational institution and
miscellaneous specimens of the pupils'
skill.
School Exhibit at St. Louis Fair.
The estate of. the late .George Burk
hardt was appraised yesterday at $67.-
G11.C2. It consists of $2500.77 in cash, per
sonal property valued at $-160.25 and real
ty in this city worth $64,650.
Appraise Burkhardt's Estate.
Bay City Lodge of the Knights of Py
thias will give a social in Elks' Hall this
evening to its members and friends.
Grand Chancellor B. V. Sargent and his
staff have -been invited and will be pres
ent. The social committee announces that
it has prepared an excellent programme,
that there will be many dances and that
refreshments will be served on the install
ment plan. ,
Pythians Will Dance.
Steamer. | Destination. Sails. Pier.
October 11.
Rival Wlllapa Harbor ... 12 m Pier 2
C. Nelson.- Los Angeles Ports. 1 pm Pitr 2
G. Dollar... Grays Harbor 4 pm Pier 2
Arcata Coos B. & Pt.Orford 10 am Pier 13
October in. I
Alliance.... Eureka & Coos Bay 11 am Pl«r 16
Arctlc Humboldt 4 pm Pier 10
Chehalis Grays Harbor Pier 2
State of Cal San Diego & Way. 0 am Pier 11
N. Maru China & Japan.... 1 pm Pier 40
G W. Elder Astoria & Portland. 11 am Pier 24
October 1U.
Coronado... Grays Harbor 4 pm Pier 10
Eureka Humboldt 2 pm Pier 13
Coos Bay... San l'edro & Way. 9 amiPler 11
Corona Humboldt 1:30 p Pier 0
S.Monica.. Los Angeles Ports. 4 pm[Pier 2
October 17.
Chlco Coquille River 6 pm Pier 2
S. Barbara. Seattle &. Olympla. 4 pm Pier 2
Iaqua Humboldt 4 pm Pier 2
San Jose N. Y. via Panama. 12 m Pier 40
Alameda... Honolulu 11 am Pier 7
Pt. Arena.. Point Arena 4 pm Pier 2
San Pedro.. Humboldt 4 pm Pier '2
October 18.
•Santa Rosa. San Diego WayPts 9 am Pier 2
City Puebla Pugret Sound Ports. 11 amiPler 0
Centennial.- Seattle & Tacoma. 5 pmlPler £
October' 1J).
Pomona.... Humboldt l:30pPler 9
October 20.
Californian. New York 3 pm Pier 23
Bonita Newport & Way Pts 9 am Pier 19
Uarda Hamburg Way Pts
Rainirrr. . . . Seattle & Whatcom 4 pm Pier'io
Columbia. . . Astoria & Portland 11 am Pier "4
October 22.
N. Fork.... Humboldt B pm Pier °
S. Portland. Astoria & Portland. 0 pm Pier ••
October Z.'l.
Isis Humboldt Way Pts
Siberia.;... China & Japan. ...| 1 pmjPier *40
Umatilla... Puget Sound Ports. Ill amIPier a
October 24. j .
Barracouta. N. Y. via Panama.112 mfpier 40
Centralla... Grays Harbor ( 4 pm Pier 10
Judee de Haven Instructed the jury that
the defendant could not be convicted of
smuggling unless it had been shown that
he had actually brought the goods
through the customs lines. The prisoner
could not be convicted of an attempt to
smuggle because there was no statute in
existence under which an attempt to
smuggle could' be prosecuted.'
' This was the second trial of the case,
the jury having failed to agree on the
first trial.
Nao Nanamatsu, a Japanese, was ac
quitted by a jury in the United States
District Court yesterday afternoon of the
crimes of smuggling and of attempting
to bribe a customs Inspector. The defend
ant arrived on the steamship Hongkong
Mam on April 15 of this year, and when
stopped at the gangplank by an Inspector
offered him a $5 cold piece, which the
inspector refused. Nao had a large bas
ket containing silks of the value of $165.
and he testified that he had proffered
the money for the purpose of paying the
duty.
ATTEMPTED SMUGGLING
NOT AGAINST THE LAW
Goods Must Be Carried Through the
Customs Lines Before Crime Is
Committed.
TO SAIL.
CLEARED. j
Tuesday, October 13. j
Stmr Queen, Cousins, Victoria; Pacific Coast I
Steamship Co. i
Stmr Pomona, Gwanson. Eureka; Pacific ',
Coast Fteamahlp Co. i
Stmr North Fork, Nelson, Eureka; Charles
Nelson Co.
SAILED.
Tuesday, October 13.
Ptmr Marshfleld, Dettmem, .
Etmr Westr>ort. fimlth. Hardy Creek.
Ftmr Samoa. Madsen, San Pedro.
Stmr tjueen. Cousins, Victoria.
Ktmr GiDsy, Leland, Santa Cruz.
Stmr Pomona. Kwanson, Eureka.
Ftmr South Coa6t. Olsen, Caspar.
Stmr Mlneola, Kirkwood, Tacoma.
Stmr Argo, Dunham, Eel River.
Stmr Edith. Hall. Seattle.
Stmr Phoenix, Odland. Mendoclno.
Stmr Gualala, Johnson, Kowens Landing.
Schr Ida A, Campbell, Bodega.
SPOKEN.
Per schr Mary Dodge, at Eureka, Oct 13 —
' Oct 0, lat 30 45 N, Ion 130 45 W, schr Win
i Bowden, from Grays Harbor, for Sydney; all
well.
Per etmr AlamMa — Oct 8. 2:30 p m, Br stmr
Iris, from Victoria, for Honolulu, etc.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS. Oct 13, 10 p m— Weather
hazy; wind NW, velocity « miles per hour.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
REDONDO— Arrived Oct 13-^Stmr Chehalis,
from San Peoro; utmr South Bay, from Eureka.
Sailed Oct 13 — Stmr Santa Barbara, for San
Pedro.
SEATTLE — Sailed Oct 12 — Stmr Oregon, for
Nome.
Arrived Oct 12 — Schr Barbara Hernster, from
Siberia.
TACOMA— Arrived Oct 13— Bktn Portland,
from Fan Pedro.
TATOOSH— Passed fn Oct 13— Br bark Iver
nia. from Shanghai, for Port Townsend. . .
Passed in Oct 13 — Br stmr Empress of Japan,
from Yokohama, for Vancouver; echr Allco
Cooke. hence Sept 29, for Port Gamble: Br
etmr Heathdene, hence Oct 9. for Tacoma.
Passed out Oct 13 — Stmr Oregon, from Se
attle, for Nome.
PORT 1-UDLOW— Sailed Oct 13— 6chr Queen,
fcr San Francisco; schr John G North, for
Kailua.
ASTORIA— Arrived Oct 13 — Ital bark Ca
vour, from Callao.
Sailed Oct 13 — Schr Melrose, for San Pedro.
PORT HARFORD— Sailed Oct 13— Stmr Bo
nlta. for San Francisco. .
TILLAMOOK— Arrived Oct 10— Schr C T
Hill, hence Oct 1.
SAN PEDRO— Arrived Oct 13— Stmr Re
dondo. hence Oct 11.
GRAYS HARBOR — Arrived Oct 13— Schr Jaa
II Bruce, hence Sept 29; *chr J M Weather
wax, hence Oct 2; «<chr John F Miller, hence
Oct I.
WESTPORT— Sailed Oct 13— Stmr Ruth, for
Fan Francisco.
MENDOCINO— Sailed O'ct 13— Stmr Pasa
dena, for Pan Pedro.
ABERDEEN— Arrived Oct 13 — Schr Jas H
Bruce, hence Ser«t 2».
Sailed Oct 13 — Stmr Santa Monica, for Sau
Francisco.
MONTESANO— Arrived Oct 13— Schr John F
Miller, hence Oct 1.
EUREKA— Sailed Oct 13— Stmr Alliance, for
Ean Francisco; Btmr Corona, for San Fran
cis;o.
Arrived Oct 13— Bark Tidal Wave, hence
Sept 29.
ISLAND PORTS.
MANILA— Sailed Sept 28— Br stmr St Fil
lans. for Shanghai.
HONOLULU— Arrived Oct 12— Bktn J L
Eviston, from Newcastle, Aus.
Arrived Oct 13— Stmr Sierra, from Sydney,"
for San Francisco.
MAHUKONA— Arrived Sept 24 — Schr Allen
A, from Honolulu.
EASTERN PORT.
NEW YORK— Arrived Oct 13 — Stmr Yuca
tan, from Colon. •
FOREIGN' PORTS.
HAMBURG— Sailed Oct 0— Ger stmr Mem
phis, for San Francisco.
LIVERPOOL— In port Oct 3— Br ship Naiad
for San Francisco, and not ¦ sailed, . as pre
viously reported; Br ship Hougomoat, for Van
couver.
Tuesday, October 13.
Stmr Leelanaw, Monroe. 104 hours from
Ladyemlth: Oakland direct.
Stmr Samoa. Madsen. 16 hours from Cas>
l>ar: bound south; put In to land passengers.
Stmr Noyo, Ellefoen, 15 hours from Cleone.
Stmr Whltesboro, Fosen, la hours from Point
Arfrna.
Stmr Alameda, Dowdell, C days from Hono
lulu.
Stmr Coronado, Peterson, 70 hours from
Grays Harbcr.
I) S ftmr Madrona. (lighthouse tender), from
£anta Iiarbara.
Fr ship Champigny, Boju, C4 days from
Newcastle. NSW.
Schr Volunteer, Bressen, 0 days from Wil
lapx Harbor.
Shipping Intelligence.
A.RRIVEI
NEWS OF THE OCEAN.
The ship Bangalore. 1560 tons, is chartered
for sugar from Honolulu to New York at
$5 50.
The entertainment that i3 to be given
in the Mechanics' Pavilion on Saturday
next under the auspices of the member
ship of Islam Temple of the Ancient
Arabic Order of the Nobles of the Mystic
Shrine promises to be the greatest event
that has ever been given in this' city by
this organization. Among the features of
the programme will be a special drill by
the Arab Patrol of the temple, which Is
credited with being the crack patrol of
the United States and Canada, It is com
posed of the flower of the membership of
the temple ar\d under command of Major
Fillmer it will sustain the reputation it
earned during the session of the Imperial
Council held In this city some time ago.
In addition to the Arab drill there will be
an exemplification of hasty bridge build
ing by Company B, First Regiment of the
National Guard, Captain Malter N. Kelly;
a saber drill by Troop A, cavalry. Na
tional Guard of California, Captain
Charles Jensen commanding; an exhibi
tion of the handling of the Hotchkiss
gun by the first and second divisions of
the Naval Militia and other events. Ad
mission to the Pavilion will be by invita
tion, to be had from members of the
temple. There will be no reserved seats.
Islam Temple's Entertainment.
Steamer. From. Due.
Chas. Nelson. Portland & Astoria Oct. 14
Alliance Portland & Way Ports. Oct. 14
Lakme San Pedro Oct. 14
Centennial .... Seattle & Tacoma ;O.t. 14
Chlco Coqullle River Oct. 14
Uarda Seattle Oct. 14
San Pedro Grays Harbor jOct. 14
City Puebla... Puget Sound Ports Oct. 14
Corona Humboldt (Oct. 14
: Arctic Monterey [Oct. 15
Chehalls .. San 1'edro |Oct. 15
Eureka Humboldt lOct. 15
Santa Rosa... San Diego & Way Ports Oct. 15
Point Arena.. Mendocino & Pt. Arena. Oct. 15
Barracouta . . . New York via Panama. Oct. 15
Rainier Seattle & Whatcom . . . . Oct . 15
8an Mateo.... Tacoma |Oct. IS
Czarina I Coos Hay ( Oct. Ki
S Monica Grays Harbor lOct. lfl
Del Norte I Crescent City |Oct. 17
Pomona Huiaboldt l<Jct. 17
Argo Eel River Ports |Oct. 17
Iaqua San Pedro (Oct. 17
S. Barbara... Bun Pedro iOct. 17
Bonlta I Newport & Way Ports. |Oct. 17
Columbia •] Portland & Astoria Oct. 17. j
Centralia Grays Harbor Oct. 18
Isis Seattle Oct. 18 1
Marlposa Tahiti Oct. IS !
Arcata Coos Bay & Port Orford Oct. 19
North Fork... Humboldt ,uct. 10
State ot Cal... Han Diego & Way Ports! Oct. 10
UmatlUa Puget Sound Ports Oct. 10
Sierra Sydney & Way Ports.. Oct. 19
American New York |Oct. 20
K Portland... Portland & Astoria iOct. 20
Coos Bay San Pedro & Way PortsJOct. 21
Acapulco New York via Panama. Oct. 21
Ramses Hamburg & Way Ports. Oct. 21
J Dollar Seattle & Tacoma Oct. 21
G W Elder. . Portland & Astoria Oct. TZ
Coptic China & Japan IOct. 23
Queen Puget Sound Porte |Oct. 24
The Geerman ship Gertrud, which on Mon
day was placed on the overdue list at 25 per
cent, arrived yesterday at Talcahuano. She
was 120 days on the voyage from Hamburg.
No change was made in the rates of the other
overdues. The Corolla Is quoted at 90 per cent;
the Loch Long, 65; Catharina and St. Mungo,
each at 20 per cent.
Overdue Ship Is Safe.
The autopsy by Morgue Surgeon Baci
galupi showed that death had been caused
by sulphuric acid.
Mrs. \Gross could not assign any reason
why her husband should have made
away with himself. She said that Gros3
came home at 5 o'clock last Monday aft
ernoon with Dr. Rottanzi, who left short
ly afterward. At 6 o'clock Gross took
sick and had a vomiting spell. Drs. Gra
zer and Austin were summoned and ope
rated the stomach pump upon the pa
tient, but without success, for. he died at
2:45 a. m.
Frederick Otto Gross, a saloon-keeper,
whose place of business is at the inter
section of Capp and Eighteenth streets,
died early yesterday morning from the
effects of sulphuric acid taken by him
self with suicidal Intent. His wife be
came frenzied as soon as he died and
seized a revolver with the Intention of
killing herself with it, but the weapon
was wrested from her hand by Hugh
Krocese.
His Wife, Frenzied Because of His
Death, Attempts to Kill
Herself.
SALOON-KEEPER GB0SS
TAKES SUI/PHURIC ACID
TO ARRIVE.
Movements of Steamers.
The Japanese steamship Nippon Maru, which
Ealls to-morrow for the Orient, will take about
3S00 tons of cargo and eighty-five cabin pas
«engers. The Chinese passengers that arrived
on the Nippon were released yesterday from
the quarantine station as was* the Japanese,
crew of the liner. Getting the steamship
r<>ady for sea "without the assistance of the
regular crew proved a big undertnking, but
the emergency found General Agent Avery
fully equipped and the Nippon will sail on
time and In her usual yacht-like condition.
"Will Take a Full Cargo.
The Siberia, which arrived Sunday night.
but did not dock until Monday morning,
brought a cargo of more than C000 tons
measurement. She sails October 23 and there
is waiting for her freight measuring more than
Quick Work on Siberia.
Not cnly has hope of saving the Gifford
been abandoned, but so great has been the
havoc wrought by the sea and the crashing
down of her own eparg thai It is doubtful
whether there will be left enough of the Ill
fated wir.d-jamn-.er to orfer at an auction sale.
The chief pity in the loss or the Gifford lies
in the fact that proper action taken immedi
ately after she had stranded would undoubt
edly ha-.e resulted in savi»g the v«-fspI. No
body was authorized to take tnat action, how
ever, and during the precious hours Inter
vening bftwetn the disaster and the arrival
of cabled authority from England the sf>a
and sand conspired successfully to seal the
Gilford's fate. That she will be moved at all
Is unlikely. Men that should know now pre
dict that for many months the bones of the
jrood ship will decorate the beach, an eloquent
reminder to landsmen of the peril that lurks
In ihc path of thofe that go down to the sea
in ships and to sailormen a grim warning of
the necessity for care in navigating shoal
waters.
The Doomed Gifford.
For the first three days of the voyage
heavy head winds ar.d seas were encoun
tered, but the Alameda made good time
through it all, and that without making
life unpleasant for the passengers. Before
returning to Honolulu the liner will go
on the drytiocfc for a new Jacket of anti
foullng paint.
Her passengers included the following
named:
D. W. Anderson. Professor Bersrer. T. H.
Ber.ton. J. Bun and wife. Captain C. Capllos,
Mrs. J. W. Calhcart. J. N. Collins. W. J.
Oolburn. E. P. Dow, Mi«s F. Dowling. W.
Eieiauil and wife, E. S=. Knight, G. E. Kal
linbraker. Miss A. MoLran. Mrf. J. Ouder
kirk and son, H. G. Rhodes
In spile of head winds, which continued
for three days, the Oceanic Steamship
Company's liner Alameda arrived yes
terday from Honolulu on schedule time
and was only five days and twenty-three
lours on the voyage. Although she had
on board 251 souls, the steamship was
detained in quarantine less than an hour.
In that time the Feder.il doctors had
taken everybody's temperature and sat
isfied themselves that all of the 231 were
la good health.
The steamer brought 145 passengers in
the steerage and her cargo included 5W
tons of sugar and a large shipment of
tropical fruits. Among the cabin pas
sengers was Professor Bcrgcr, Honolulu's
famous bandmaster, v.ho has come to the
mainland in soirch of gems for his reper
toire.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
NAPLES— Sailed Oct 7— Stmr Liguria, fcr
New York.
NEW YORK— Arrived Oct 13 — Stmr Georgia,
from Liverpool : etmr Grosser Kurfurst, from
Bremen and Cherbourg.
Sailed Oct 13 — Stmr Armenian, for Liver
pool.
HAVRE — Arrived Oct 12— Stmr La Cham
pagne, from New York.
QUEENSTOWN — Arrived Oct 13 — Stmr
Friesland, from Philadelphia, for Liverpool,
and proceeded.
LONDON— Arrived Oct 13— Stmr Muinehaha,
from New York.
Sailed Oct 13— Stmr Philadelphlan. for Bos
ton.
LIVERPOOL— Sailed Oct 13— Stmr Sylya
nlan, for New York, via Queenetown.
BRISBANE— Sailed Oct 8 — Br etmr AorangI,
for Vancouver.
CO RON EL — To sail Oct 14 — Stmr Alaskan,
for Delaware Breakwater.
Arrived Oct 12 — Stmr Mlnnewaska, hence
Sept 11. for New York.
IQUIQUE— Arrived Sept 25— Br ship Wynn
stay. from Newcastle, Aus.
ST HELENA— Passed prior to Oct 12— Fr
bark Moliere, from Iloilo, for Delaware Break-
TALCAHUANO— Arrived Oct 13— Ger ship
Gertrud. from Hamburg.
ACAPULCO— Sailed Oct 11— Stmr Newport,
for Panama. Oct 12— 6tmr Acapulco, for San
Francisco.
SYDNEY— Arrived prior to Oct 13— Br stmr
Hoana, from Brisbane.
VICTORIA — Arrived Oct 13— Br etmr Em
press of Japan, from Hongkong.
ASCENSION— Passed Oct 2— Fr ship Du
quesne, from Oregon, for Queenstown.
The Federal Grand Jury brought in an
indictment yesterday against George T.
McDonnell, alias H. Epstein, alias Rev.
J. R. Taylor, "pastor of the Church' of
the Redeemed at Emeryville," charging
him with having used the mails with
intent to defraud C. G. Pope of Alturas
and Clay A. Straley of Cottonwood. As
pastor of the fictitious church at Emery
ville McDonnell wrote to Page and Stra
ley, who are oarbers, stating that a mem
ber of the congregation had recently died
after having confessed that many years
previously he had stolen money from
them and wished to make reparation by
turning over a pawn ticket for a gold
locket and a solitaire diamond which had
been pledged for $12 50 with "H. Epstein,"
on Kearny street. They were directed to
return the pawn ticket and the money
to "Epstein," who was McDonnell, and
receive the valuable locket and the big
diamond.
The Jury ignored the charge against
Vernon L. Ogden for having improperly
addressed a postal card to B. Kennedy of
Escalon. Cal. The jury declined to indict
a man for putting too many initials into
another man's name. The abbreviation
habit saved Mr. Ogden from Indictment.
Murphy claims that it was not until
shortly before his aunt's death that he
learned of Kearns' alleged duplicity. He
pays that he asked Mrs. Canney if she
knew him and she said "No." He says
she could not even remember his name.
Murphy • says further that after he
learned of Kearns' actions he went to
him and demanded a return of the funds
and Kearns promised to return them. He
has not kept his word, says Murphy,
hence the suit.
A few days later, Murphy alleges,
Kearns went to the German Bu' ding and
Loan Society and withdrew the $175 on de
posit there, and converted it to his own
use. Later, charges Murphy, he visited
the Hibernia bank, and notwithstanding
the existence of Mrs. Canney's deposit of
$4300, negotiated a loan of $1500, giving as
security a mortgage on Mrs. Canney's
realty. This /sum, . alleges Murphy,
Kearns also appropriated to his own
use.
Mrs. Canney died In August of last year.
According to Murphy's complaint she
was mentally unsound for some time
prior to. her death. He says Kearns
knew of this, procured an introduction to
her throuprh a neighbor and then plan
ned to secure her property, which con
sisted of an improved lot at 104 Fair Oaks
Btreet, $4300 on deposit in the Hibernia
bank and $175 deposited with the German
Savings and Loan Society. On April 1,
alleges Murphy, Kearns visited his aunt,
and finding her almost unconscious, broke
open her trunk and took therefrom her
bank books and private papers. Later
in the evening, it is alleged he again
called, this time in the company of No
tary Daggett. Mrs. Canney, says her
nephew, was on the occasion of the
second visit still in a state bordering on
unconsciousness and was as clay in the
hands of the alleged schemers. He says
Kearns represented to her that he was
her friend and anxious to help her care
for her property, and she affixed her
cross to a paper giving Kearns her power
of attorney. The document was prepared
beforehand, says Murphy, and after the
old lady had made her mark, Daggett at
tached his seal.
In a. suit filed by Edward Murphy yes
terday against Attorney W. T. Kearns
and Notary Public A. K. Daggett he
charges them with the serious offense of
taking advantage of the' enfeebled, men
tal and physical condition of his aunt,
the late Jane Canney, and swindling her
out of her money and realty. The suit
Is for 51675, alleged by Murphy to have
been fraudulently converted by the de
fondants.
The grand secretary reported that there
were 1252 Juvenile members of the order
in the State of California, and during the
year twenty-eight new lodges had been
organized. Ex-Judge Thompson an
nounced that the Orphans' Home was
now self-supporting and in possession of
three farms, two in Solano County and
one in Yolo County, which had yielded
during the year $35,303 46 from rentals.
The farms were In part willed and m
part purchased by money willed to the
crder in trust for the orphanage by the
late E. J. Upham of Solano County. |
The sessions of the convention will
begin at 9 a. m. dally, and will terminate
Friday at midnight.
MANY JUVENILES JOIN.
There were fifty-five new members ini
tiated into the Grand Lodge from various
parts of California.
In his report, the grand chief templar
announced that the Grand Lodge of
Washington had appealed to the Grand
Lodge of California to assist in defray
ing the expenses of George F. Cotterill
of Seattle, who attended an international
committee meeting that recently con
vened in Berlin, Germany, for the pur
pose of considering the propriety of elim
inating from the ritual and laws of the
order all reference to religious sentiment.
The matter will come up for action to
day. • K
Among other notables of the order wno
took part in the deliberations were Cap
tain W. C. Dutton, past grand chief tem
plar of Virginia; Mrs. Runsell of Wiscon
sin, and W. S. Williams of Oakland, past
right worthy grand secretary of the
world.
INITIATE NEW MEMBERS.
The forty-fourth annual session of the
Grand Lodge of California, Independent
Order of Good Templars, opened yester
day morning at 102 O'Parrell street. The
following officers were present:
William Crowhurst of Oakland, deputy
right worthy grand templar, acting for
Jo&eph Malins of Birmingham, England,
presiding officer of the order throughout
the world; Rev. J. W. Webb of Fresno,
past grand chief templar; Theodore D.
Kanouse of Los Angeles, grand chief
templar; W. P. Wetherton of Santa 1
Cruz, gTand counselor; Mrs. S. E. Shaffer
of Bakersfleld, grand vice templar; F. A.
Anthony of Livermore, grand secretary;
Volney Taylor of Byron, grand treasurer;
Rev. F. G. H. Stevens of Pasadena,
grand chaplain; Arthur C. Banta of San
Jose, grand marshal, and W. E. Evans of
San Francisco, grand sentinel. Ex-Judge
Robert Thompson of San Francisco, who
was initiated into the order In 1860 in
Mokelumne Hill, Calaveras County, and
is now the financial agent of the Good
Templars' Home for Orphans at Vallejo,
and Mrs. William Crowhurst, initiated in
1664 in Placerville, and ! cousin of the
founder of the Order of Good Templars,
were also present.
IO.CjOO tons. Handling this lG/'OO tons of
merchandise in ten days is a bis job and
made all the more difficult by the restricted
accommodation which even tne quarter-mile
long- Pacific Mail wharf affords. The discharg
ing, however, has been almost completed and
Captain Wilson has the loading s-tuation well
in hand. The Siberia's passenger cccommoda
tlons will be tried to the utmost and when
Ehe leaves here her cabins will be full of pas
senrers. most of them going through to the
Orient.
Marshal Shine congratulates himself
also upon the fact that since he assumed
the duties of his office not a single pris
oner has escaped from his custody or that
of his deputies, with the exception of the
six Chinese who were released by Deputy
Gamble in the substitution case, but tha
Marshal was not responsible for that. A
few days ago one of a number of Chinese
being 1 taken across the bay to the Ala
meda County jail slipped his handcuffs
and tried to escape, but was immediately
seized and rehandcuffed. The live Chl
•iese who escaped last Sunday morning
from the Federal Grand Jury room had
never been at any time in the Marshal's
custody, for the reason that they had
never been arrested. In their case no
complaints had been filed and no war
rants had been issued, so that the Mar
shal had no authority to interfere. The
men were under detention, perhaps ille
gally, by the Chinese bureau pending an
investigation into their right to be in this
country.
In the prosecution of these causes co-operate
Tvlth the District Attorney and give him all
the assistance In your power. You seem to be
in a fair way to break up the practice of sub
stitution, and in so doing have done the public
a creat service. Respectfully,
W. A. DAY, Acting Attorney General.
Dear Sir: Your letter of October 1 and also
your letters of prior dates relating to th-s ar
rest by you of parties implicated in substitut
ing Chinese have been received. I wish to
thank you for the very efficient and effective
work, which you have done in these matters
end to assure you of my appreciation of your
efforts. •
Smiles illuminated the countenance of
I'nited States Marshal John H. Shine
yesterday when he received through the
mails a letter from the Department of
Justice, of which tffe following is a copy:
Services in the Chinese Sub
stitution Case 3 Appre
ciated.
Brings Many Passengers and
a Cargo of Tropical
Products.
Poses as a Clergyman and
Sends Decoy Letters
to Barbers.
Proposal to Eliminate Reli
gion From, Ritual Con
templated.
Says Attorney Took Advan
tage of Woman Who
Was*Insane.
Head Winds for Three
Days Pail to Make
Her Late.
Noted Forger Indicted
for Misusing the
Mails.
High Officials Listen to
Reports on Year's
Progress.
Edward Murphy Alleges
W. Kearns Swindled
Mrs. Canney.
Acting Attorney General
Day Thanks the U. S.
Marshal.
ALAMEDA MAKES
A FAST PASSAGE
SHINE PRAISED
AT WASHINGTON
SERIOUS CHARGE
AGAINST LAWYER
GOOD TEMPLARS
IN CONVENTION
M'DONNELL MUST
FACE THE JURY
THE SAN FKANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, OCTOBER 14, 1903.
10
0CSAN TRAVEL.
. Steamers leave San Fran-
j^^Ji 1 -^^©^, Cisco as follows:
/qi^ Ntf\ For Ketchikan. Wrangel,
/S*/vE5^S5R V*l Juneau, Halnes, Skagway.
I I YGJwH I 1 Ptc - Alaska— 11 a. m., Oct.
\ \ VWMiA/ ./ S, 13, IS. 23, 28. Nov. 2.
VS'V \\ TfO/ Change to company's steam-
V>S^_^y/ ers at Seattle.
For Victoria. Vancouver.
** * ""^ Port Townaend, Seattle, Ta-
coma. Everett, Whatcom — 11. a. m. Oct. 8, 12
18, 23. 2S, Nov. 2. ChanKO at Seattle to
this company's steamers for Alaska and G. N.
Uy. ; at Seattle or Tacoma to N. P. Ry. ; at
Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay) — Pomona, 1:30
p. m., Oct. 13, 19. 25, 31, Nov. 6: Corona, l:J0
p. m., Oct. 10. 16, 22. 28. Nov. 3.
For Los Aneeles (via Port Los Angeles and
Retlondo). San Diego and Santa Barbara —
Santa Rosa. Sundays, 9 a. rn.
s , State of California, Thursdays, 0 a. m.
For Los Ange'.es (via San Pedro and East
San Pedro), Santa Barbara, Santa Cruz, Mon-
terey, San Simeon, Cayucos, Port Harford (San
Luis Obispo), Ventura and Hueneme.
Ccos Bay. 9 a. m., Oct. 8. 16. 24. Nov. X.
Bonifa, 9 a. m.. Oct. 12, 20. 28. Nov. 5.
For Ensenada, Magdalena Bay. San Jose del
Cabo, Mazatlan, Altata, La Paz, Santa t Uo-
Balla. Guaymas (Mm.), 10 a. m.. 7th of each
month. •
For further Information obtain folder.
Right is reserved to change steamers or sall-
lnp dRtes.
TICKET OPFICES — » New Montgom-
ery street (Palace Hotel), 10 Market street and
Broadway wharf.
Freight office, 10 Market street.
C. D. DUNANN, General Passenger, Agent,
10 Market street, San Francisco.
O. R. & TV. CO.
"Columbia" sails Oct. 10, 20, 30, Nov. 9 19
29. "George W. Elder" sails Oct. 8. 15, 2s|
Nov. 4,- 14. 24. Only steamship line to PORT-
LAND, OR., and short rail lino from Portland
to all points East. Through tickets - to all
points, all rail or steamship and rail at iX)W-
EST RATES. Steamer tickets include berth
and meals. Steamer sallg foot of Spear st. at
II a. m. S. F. BOOTH. Oen. Agt. Pass. Dept.
1 Montgomery st. : C. CLIFFORD. , Gen. Agt!
Freight Dept.. 3 Montgomery st.
Mare Island and Vallojo Steamers.
Steamer GEN. FRISBIE or MONTICELLO—
0:45 a. in., 3:15 and 8:30 p. rn., except Sunday.
Sunday, 9:45 a. m., 8:30 p. m. Leave Vallejo,
7 a. m.. 12:30 noon, 6 p. m., ex. Sunday. Sun-
day, 7 a. m., 4:15 p. m. Fare, 50 cents. Tel. ;
Main 1S0S. Pier 2. Mlsslon-at. dock. 'HATCH
BROS.
"My father h»d been asoffererfrons siekb.e»ds,elie
for the last twenty-five years tnd never foacd any
relief n 1.1:1 he becan taVice your Cascarets. Since-
fce has began t&kicg Cascarets he has never had
the headache. They have entirely cored him.
Casearets <lo r.hit you reccaaiaecd them to do. I
will give you the privilece of using his name."
E.M. Dickson. 1120 Eesicer St., W.Indiaa«polls, Ind.
jfG$% B e^ For
&W «V jw The Bowels
CANDY CAT MART1C *Ht^^
Pleasant. Palatable. Potent. Taste Good, Do Good.
Kerer Steken, Weaken or Gripe. 16c, S5c. 60c. Never
•old in belle. The eretiTJine tablet stamped CCC
Goarastecd to care or your tcocey back.
Ster::ng Remedy Co., Chicago or N.Y. 598
ANNUAL SALE, TEM MILLION BOXES
Rheumatism
Bright's disease, brick durt deposit, bed-
vetting, gravel, dropsy, diabetes.
Cured with <£-,<£#j\
One Bottle /
k McBurncy's /^
I Kidney and tj g/fr
I Bladder Cure r* f
Q| Relief In 20 min- **¦• >TV
K-i ute?. Express pre- ' -^¦W -^ / V.
H ra:a Jl no. Send 25c to \V. F. McBur-
f3 ney for five days' treatment.
EM F. Fprlr.g et., Los Angeles. Sold
D by druggists.
TZ*.i.^.,- .^-1. -¦ ¦¦<¦>-- #-J^VJ".T'J-tzl;Vi>,'i»m^Smy|j
d visit DR. JORDAN'S cheat Q
of fljiflTeav^
h ::^^i.EnrK.ht.6rtft"i,c.r.ciL^
1 C^T Tbe I-Arc-'t A&atnoiicx] Museum ic the \
—^K^ Worid. Weaknetses ot i.,y rr,ntr»ctt<1 A
i. ftrHF) <5-ie»«* S»«»«««»«-«r^»r«<lbytfceoIdckt T
O AiTi^SI Specialist on U»*Cc tit. Lit. 36 ) rin. Q
6 49S8 DR * J 0 R OAN-0!SEASES OF KEN A
A tfloX-'Oli Cotnulution f:ct and stripy priva;?. \
0 i Vflt U T'**""" 11 perionilly or by letter. A A
1 8 » iln /"••»<••« Vw* in every csfeutiderttkeo. T
n r u liV *'«»''» Book. paii.onuPBYcr A
•I Jl atnciAti:, ma:lxs ficeb. (ax
¥ DSL. JOZDAS A*'O . iOol Market St.. 8. F. V
JF*k Those sufferine from weak-
f& nesses which sap the pleasures
* B " of life should take Juven Pills.
in One bottle will tell a story of
marvelous results. This medicine has more
rejuvenatine. vitalizins force than has ever
tx>en offered. Sent by mail in plain package
on!r on receipt of this adv. and $1.
Made by its orif inator? C. I. Hood Co.. pro-
prietors Hood's £ari»Bparilla. LovreiL Mass.
Sj**S&Z*<uB MENANOWOMEIt.
<rtgrcg^tCTit3^€a| CseBlsUfornncatural
MBttSf «• t to ft ««»j*!yfi iischarets.inflainmations,
£*r'i4i G»»r»Ltte4 y iriitatioDt or ulcriatiom
l{«»Ji tot to tirictcr*. of nucoor membranes.
fV 7 rrrntu c«t*rt«. PaiD^ii, and not rntrin-
|T |t \THE EtthS CHEWlCtl Cg. c»ct or poiionons.
»*>37Sk C!KC:KNiTI,0.g^3 Sola by DrnccliU,
VjjMk C.b. A. \/*&/k OT sent in pUin wr»rp«r.
<u>»AtV^ by «xprf««. repaid, for
T^sWgWgBgPrSTM «l.O9. or 3 bottles $2.75.
> **ifn l iiiT >a^^* 1 *¦ Circnlac tect on reQuest.
DIRECTORY
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
Catalogue and Pries Lists Mallei
on Application.
PEESE AND SALT MEATS.
I4.C RflVF? fc ?Jft dipping Butchers, 104
JAJ. DUICJ <I \AJ. clay. Tel. Main 1294.
~ " on.s. ~
LUBRICATING OILS; LEONAHD & ELLIS,
4 IS Front St.. E. K. Phone Main 17ia.
PBIHTTZirO.
£. C. HUGHES, CU Eansome bu S. F.
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. CO.
L.ESSBB
SAN FRANCISCO ANu NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPAMT,
Tibnron Perry, root of Market Street.
SAU rEANCISCO TO SAW SAPAZTL.
WKKK DAIS — 7:30, 9:0O, ll:ou a. m.; 1^:J3.
3:30, 5:10. 6:30 p. m. Thursdays— Extra trip
at 11:30 d. m.
Saturdays — Extra trip at 1 :50 and 11 :30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:00, 9:30, 11:00 a. m.; 1:30. 3:30.
5:00. 6:20. 11:30 d. in.
SAN BAFASL VO SAN FRANCISCO.
wt-jiK. UAlb — u:G6, 7:36, 7:5o. «:20, llri*
a. m. : 12:50, 3:40, 5:00, 5:20 p. m.
Saturdays — Extra trip at 2:03 and 6:35 p. tn.
SUNDAYS— «:00, 9:40, 11:15 a. m.; 1:40. 3:40.
4:SS. 5:05. 6:25 p. m.
Leave I In Effect I Arrive
Ean Francisco. I Sept. 27. 1903. [San Francisco.
Week I Sin- I Destlna- J Sun- | Week
Days. 1 days. | tlon. [ days. | Days.
7:30 a 8:00a ~~ 9:10 a 8:40 a
9:30 a Ignaclo. 10:40 a 10:20 a
3:30 p 3:30p 6:05 p 6:20 p
5:10 p 5:00 p | 7:35 p
7:30 a • 9:10 a 8:40 a
8:00 a No*ato. 10:40 a 10:20 a
3:30 p 9:30 a Fetaluma 6:05 p 6:20 p
5:10 p 3:30p and 7:35 p
5:0V p Santa Rosa.
7-30 a 10:40 a 10:20 a
8:00 a Fulton. 7:35 p 6:20 p
3:30 p 3:30 p .
¦Windsor.
7:30 a 8:00 a Healdsburf. 10:40 a 10:20 a
• Lytton.
3:30 p 3:30 p Geyserville. 7:33 p 6:20 p
Cloverdale.
7:30 al 8:00 al Hopland 110:40 a!10:20 a
3:30 a! 3:30 p| and Uklah. | 7:35 p| 6:20 p
7:30 a| 8:00 a| Wlllita. | 7:35 p| 6:20 p
: 7:30a| 8:0Oa| 110:40 a|10:20 a
3:30 p| 3:30 p( Gueroeville. | 7:35 p| 6:20 p
7:30a|8:00a| Sonoma. |9:10a|8:40a
5:10 p| 5:00 p| Glen Ellen. I 6:05 p| 6:20 p
7:30 a! 8:00 al 110:40 a|10:20 a
3:30 pi 3:30 p| Sebaatopol. I 7:35 p| 6:20 p
STAGES connect at Green Brae for Ean
Quentin; at Santa Rosa for White Sulphur
(¦prints; at Fulton for Altruria and Mark West
i Springs; at Lytton for Lytton Springs; at Gey-
rserville for Ekaggs Springs ; at Clovordale for
the Geysers, Booneville and Greenwood; at
Hopland for Duncan Springs, Highland Springs,
Kelseyville. Carlsbad Springs, Soda Bay, Lake-
port and Bartlett Springs; at Uklah for Vichy
Springs, Saratoga Springs, Blue Lakea, Laurel
Dell Lake, Witter Springs, Upper Lake, Porno.
Potter Valley, John Day's. Riverside, Lierly*s.
Bucknell'e. Sanhedrln Heights. Hullville. Orr's
Hot Springs. Halfway House, Comptche, Camp
Stevens. Hopkins. Mendocino City. Fort Bragg.
Westport. Usal; at Wllllts for Fort Bragf,
Westport. Sherwood. Cahto. Covello. Layton-
ville Cummings, Bell's Springs, Harris. Ol-
sen's. Dyer, GarbervUle, Pepperwood, Scotia
and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round-trip tlcksts at re-
duced rates.
On Sunday — Round-trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket office. 650 Market street. Chronicle
building.
H. C. ¦WHITTNG. R. X. RYAN,
Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass. Agt.
f £$gj55pp§p|Pj0 SAN RAFAEL,
B^ftjjSAN QUENTIN,
i^^^« ( MlLL VALLEY,
CAZADERO, ETC.
WEEK DAYS— (Holidays «cept«d>— «:«.
f7:45 8:45 U:45 11 a. m.. 12:20. *lAo. 3:15.
4:15 "t. r >:15 6:45, 9, 11:45 p. m.
7:43 a. m. train week days does not run to
Mill Valley. „
SUNDAYS AND LEGAL. HOLIDAYS— ..
tS fD t*10 11 *ll:30 a. m.. tl2-W. t*l:3O,
2:33 »3:50. 5. 6. 7:30. 9, 11:43 p. m.
Trains marked (•) run to San Quentin.
Those marked (t) to Fairfax, except 5:15 p. m.
Saturdays. On Saturdays the 3:15 p. m. train
runs to Fairfax.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO
—Week days— 5:25, J6:25. 7:40, 8:15. J9:33.
11:05 a. m.. 12:30, 2:20, J3:45, 4:50, 6:30, 6:45.
10 SUxbrYS-6:15. 7:35. *S:10 0:10 J10:55.
tll:45 a. m., 12:50. 2:30. t3:25, 4:40. :5:50,
0:55 7:35 10:20 p. m. '. v;
Trains marked (t) start from f»n Qwntln.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN_ FRAN-
CISCO — Week days — &¦*:>. 6:V>.T.*Z. ».~>.
9:45, 11:10 a. m.. 12:40, 2:45. 4:15. 5:10. 7:05.
10 SUND AYS— 6:35. 7:55. 10. 11:10 a. m.. 12:06.
1-05 2:40 3:45. 4:55, 6:05. 7:10. 10:40 p. m.
THROUGH TRAINS.
7:43 a. m., week days — Cazadero and way
stations. " ...
5:15 p. m.. week days (Saturdays excepted) —
Tomales and way stations.
3:15 p. m.. Saturdays — Cazadero and way
stations. _
Sundays and Legal . Holidays — 8 a. m., Caza-
dero and way stations.
Sundays and Legal Holidays— 10 a. m.. Point
Reyes and way stations.
TICKET OFFICE— U20 Market st.
FERRY — Foot of Market St.
MOUNT TAMALPA1S RAILWAY
. Leave ?ia Sauiiita ttrrj Arrive
S— Fran. JNtiMykMSt, SuKtM.
Week San- jnHL Suo- WaabT
Days. day* >9lS|9K D«r».
•:45a «iooa KzQBBeSSb **''°o* 5TT5X
l:45r »iOOa w!SfSvSw 1*:6Of3j3Of
&:1Sp 1O:OOa %!!;££&£& 3:30r Z-.&Or
,,, , 11:3Oa *'»*»
ZlHr. 8:35 p. \Kf 8:0Op JZIZ
BiiBrdiv* »rdj, wars IVrera T e;3Or,snivtU. i l:3Or
T1C11T t &M Majlkxt St- (North Shore R*ilro«d>
OJflCJ* I mad Saikmxxto Fukky Foot Marfcat St.
OCEAN TEAVEL.
TOYO KISEN KAISHA.
(ORIENTAL STEAMSHIP CO.)
Steamers will leave wharf, corner First and
Brannan streets, at 1 p. m., for YOKOHAMA
and HONGKONG, calling at Kobe (Hlogo),
Nagasaki and Shanghai, and connecting at
Hongkong with steamers for India, etc No
cargo received on board on day of sailing.
S. S. NIPPON MARU
Thursday. October 15, 1903
S. S. AMERICA MARU
Tuesday, November 10. 1903
S. S. HONGKONG MARU
Thursday, December 3. 1903
Via Honolulu. Round-trip tickets at reduced
rates. ¦ For freisht and passage apply at f O m-
pany'9 office, 421 Market street, corner First.
W. H. AVERY. General Agent.
occanic8.s.co.!S5i
S.S. ALAMEDA. for Honolulu.Oct. 17, 11 «. m
S.S. MARIPOSA. for Tahiti, Oct. 26. 11 a. m
6 ¦ S. : SIERRA for Honolulu. Samoa. Auck-
land and Sydney. Thursday. Oct. 29, 2 p. m.
?U.SP8EanS*H0J.B.,ilBli..TlcW0nica,J4Slirwa
MebtHfia.3U KarkilSL.Pkrlo. 7.ftcifictt
C0MPA8NIE GENERALE TRANSATLANTKjrJE.
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS. ¦— r ..
balling every Thursday instead of fT™^
Saturday, at 10 a. m.. from Pier 42, •3««5e*'
North River, foot of Morton street.
First-class to Havre. $70 and upward. Sec-
ond-class to Havre, $45 and upward. GEN-
ERAL AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES AND
CANADA, 32 Broadway (Hudson Butldlnz)
New York. J. F. FUOAZI & CO.. Pacific Coast
Agents, 5 Montgomery avenue. San Francisco.
Xicketa sold by. all Railroad Ticket a »«..«_
For Double Berth to
CHICAGO
PERSOIMALLY CONDUCTED EXCURSIONS
VIA THE
For tickets or information call on or address
R. R. RJTCHIE, Ccn. Agt., Pac Coast,
617 Market Street, San Francisco.
feALIFORNSA 1
LIMITED TO CHICAGO \
Leaves Mondays and Thursday*
at 0:30 a. m.» through In S days*
flf with diner and all trappings.
Other Santa Fe Trains :
7:30 a. m. I for Stocktotl< Fresno, BafeersflelA*
liSjrS:!" Merccd,Hanfordaa4Vi»alU.
4.00 p. m. for Stockton.
8:00 p. m. for Kansas City, Grand Caayoa and
Chicago.
Ticxxt Offic«: 641 Market St., and Ferry
Depot. S. r. Also 1112 Broadway, Oak-
land, Cal. _^____
SOUTHERN PACIFIC
Train* leave and »r« «lue to arrire at
t»AN FKAN CISCO.
(Main Line. Foot ct Market Street >
luti — KaojToc-iomtEll. liJtd. — a«»it«
7.00a Benlcla. Sulsun. Kluiira and Sacra-
mento 7-25i»
7.00a. VacaTllle, Winters, Banner 7.25r
730a Martines. San Ramon. Vallejo,
Napa. CalUtoea, Santa Rota B25p
7^0* Kllei, LlTermore. Lathrop. Stock-
ton 25?
8 00a Dsv!i.«ooil'»r.a. Kn:»hts Landing.
UarTivtlle. OroTllle 7.55r
8.00* Atlantic Ex?re.»--OsJrn *nd Ki*t. 1025*
8.00a Port Coata. Mnrtln-z. Antioch. By-
ron.TracT.atockton.Sacrameaco,
Lot Banoa. Mendota, Haaturd.
Ylsalla. PortrrTllle 4.25*
8.00a fort Coite. Uartlnez. Tracy. L»ta-
rop. Modrtto, Merced. Fresno.
Ootben Junction, HaaforJ, VI-
¦al!a. Rakersfield 5.2Sr
8-30a Bba*t* Expre«s— DaTli. Wtillaana
(for Bartlett Spring*). Wlllowa,
tFruto, Ked Bluff, Portland 7.55r
8.30a Klles, Saa Jo«e, LlTermore, Stock-
ton.IoBC.Sacmmento.PlacerTiHe,
JIarysTllle. Chlco, Red BluS 4-25p
8.30 a Oakdale. Chlnete. Jamestown, So-
nora. Taolnmne and Anceli ..... 4-Z5p
9.00a Martinez and Way Stations 665p
1000a Vallejo 12.25?
10.00a El Paso PatsenRPr, E.»»tbonncl.—
Port Costa, Martinez. Byron,
Tracr. Lathrop, Stockton,
Merced. Rajmond. Fresno, H&a-
ford. Vlsa'.u, Bakertfleld, Loa
Angeles and El Paso. (Wmv
bound arrives Tla Coast Line)... «1.38?
1000a Tbe Orerland Limited — Ogden.
DeaTer, Omaha. Chicago B.2Sp
12.00m Hayward. Niles and War Stations. 3-25P -
U.OOp Sacramento River Steamers tHOOi*
iiOr Benicla, Winters. Sacramento.
» Woodland. Knights Landing.
Marysville, Oruvllle and way
stations 10.55*
3-30f Hayward. Klles and Way Stations.. 7 65r
4.00P Mart'.nex.SanlUmon.ValleJo.Sapa,
Callstoga. Santa Rona 9.25a
4.00p Martinez. Tracy.Lathrop.Stockton. 10.25a
4 OOr Klles, Ltvennore. Stockton. Lodi.. 425p
4 30p Bayward. Klles. Irvtagton, Saa I '8. 55a
Jose. Livermore f tl 1.55a
6-OOr The Owl Limited— Fresno. Tulare,
Bakersfleld. Los Angeles 8.55a
G.OOp Port Costa, Tracy. Stockton. Loa
Banoa 12.25P
1530p Hayward. Niles and San Josa 7.25a
6.C0P Ilayward. Klles and San Jose 10.25a
600r OrleaUl Mail— Ogden, Denver.
oraslw. 8t. Louis. Chicago and
East. Port Costa. Benicta. Sul-
sun, Elmira, Davis, Sacramento,
Jtocklln. Auburn. Colfax.
Truckee. Boca. Ueno, Wads-
worth. Wtnnemucca, Battle
Mountain. Elko .... 4.2Sp
•.00p Vallejo. dally, except Sunday.... I -. g5
7.00r Vallf Jo. Sunday only \ ' oa
7 OOr Baa Pablo, Port Costa, Martinez
and Way Stations 11.25a
8-CSr Oregon A CalUornta Express— Sac*
ramento. Marysvtl'.e. Redding.
Portlaod. Puget Sound and Ksit. 8.55a
9.10p Hayward. Nile* and San Jose (San-
day only) 11.55a
11.2&F Fort Costa, Tracy. Lathrop. Mo-
desto. Merced. lUymond (to Yo-
semlte), Freino, Hanford. »
sail*. TtakersllMd 12-25p
COAST LINE (>arr»w tiange).
¦ (Foot ut Murfcet Street.)
7.45a Santa Cruz Excursion (Sunday
only) 1 8-IOp
8-15a Kewark. Centervllle. San Jose.
Felton. Boulaer Creek. Sanu
Cr u i and Way Stations 8 25f
t2.15r Kewark, Centervllle. San Josa,
Kew Almaden. Los Gato*, Felton,
Boulder C reek, Santa Crui and
Principal Way Stations 1055a
4.16p Kewark, San Jose. Los Oatoa and
way station* (on Saturday and
Sunday runs through to Santa
Cruz; Monday only from Santa
Cruz). Connects at Felton to
•nd from BouldrrCr«»k *8-55 »
OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY.
From SAN r KAN CISCO, foot of Market St. (Sllp-O
—tillS 9: m 11:00 a.m. 1.00 3.00 6.15 P.M.
From OAKLAND. Koot of Broadway — t*:tt> J9:<*
W-.05 10: tx> a.m. 1200 200 4-00 p.m.
COAST LINE <Broa.l Uaace).
ty" ( llilrrt ami Townsend Streets.)
8.10a San Jose and War Stations 6 30*
1700a San Jose and Way Stations 6 38r
7.15a Monterey and Santa Crus Excur-
sion (Sunday only) ... 8-30p
8 00a New Almaden (Tnt»_ FtW.. only). 4.10P
8 00a CoaatLlne Limited— Stopsonly San
Jose. Gtlroy (connection for Hol-
Mster), Fajaro. Caatrovllle. Sa-
linas. San Arrto, Paso Koblrs,
Sanu Margarita. San Luis ohi»p.-.,
Guadalupe. Surf (connection for
Lo.npoc). Santa Barbara. Sangus
- and Lot Angeles. Connection at
CastroTllle to and from Monterey
nndPacinc Grove 10.48*
9.60a Ean Jo»e. Tres Plnoa. Capltola,
SantaCruz,PaclOc(irove.SaItaas.
San Lnls Oblspo tnd Principal
Intermediate Stations 4.10*
10.30a San Jose and Way Stations 120?
11420a Cemetery Passenger — South Saa
Francisco. San Bruno 1.05p
11 30a Santa Clara. San Juse. Los Gatos
and Way Station* 7-30p
¦ 1-30p San Jose and Way Stations x7 00p
2.0Cp San Jose and Way Stations 99.40a
2. 30r Cemetery Passenger — South Saa
•""•il Francisco. San Bruno 4.35*
13.00* DeJ Monte Kxpress— 8ant» Clam.
San Juse, Del Monte, Monterey,
1'aclflc Grove (connects at Sant*
Clara for Santa Cruz. Boulder
Creek and Narrow Gauge Points) fi 2.15*
S-30T Paclflc Grove and Way Stations—
Har!iBiaine,San Mateo, Ked wood,
MenloPark. Palo Alto Mayfleld,
Monntala View, Lawrence, Santa
Clara. 8nn Jose, (GUroy. IlolUa-
ter, Tres Plnos), Pajaro, Watson-
• ville. Capltola, Santa Cruz, Caa-
- troville. Saltnaa , -tij « x
4 SOr San Jose and Way Stations "" a 35a
b4JOP San Jose. (vl» Sanu Clara) *Loi
Gatos. Wright and Principal Way
,. _. Stations (except Sunday) 9 00a
jWOr SanJoseandPrtncIpalWayStaUoni +8 00a
tfc.ib* ban Mateo. Rcresford,BeImont. San "
Carlus. liedwuod. Fair Oaks.
„, _ Menio Park. Palo Alto !9 45r
£J0p SanJoteaod WaySUtlona.. g«'
7X0P Sunset Limited. Eastbound -San
Luis Oblspo. Santa Barbara. Lo«
11.30* South San Francisco Minb^e.V 10>15a
Burllngame. San Mateo. Del-
yoo^Saa Carlos. Redwood, ,„ ._
Fslr Oaks. Menlo Part Palo L tSil*
Alto. MayQeld. Mountain View, f J3-4SP
Sunnyvale. Lawrence. SanU
Clara and San Jose J
x Saturday and Sunday only. 1 3aBda T onlT
J Stops at all statlona on Sucday. aBna *^ oU *.
t Sunday exceptad. a s.iturd»7 only.
e \ la Coast Une. u Via San Joaquta Valhw
STi°io' y «»«¦•¦««>«»« «« Valencia Sk soutSSJitf
*rt«;»A 1 M M t7:(»AJi < H:gOA^.,J;30r^.aad«-30*JfcNEW YORK. Oct. 13.— WHEAT— Receipts.
124,100 barrels; exports. 1152 barrels; fairly
active and firm. Winter straights. $3 80@3 05.
WHEAT— Receipts, 45,805 bushels; exports,
39,031 bushels. September, firm; No. 2 r#d.
M^c f. o. b. elevator and &5Vic f. o. b. afloat:
No. 1 Northern Duluth, 90% e f. o. b. afloat;
No. 1 hard Manitoba, nominal, f. o. b. afloat.
The forenoon wheat market as a whole was
firmer to-day. Better cables, light Northwest
ern receipts, room covering and strength at
Minneapolis were bull Influences and there was
also talk of a better export trade. Last prices
were top for the. day and %e above Monday-
May. 82 7 /4083 13-I<5c. closed 83%e; December
84%©S5%c. closed 85%c.
HOPS— Steady.
HIDES^ — Steady.
WOOL— Firm.
PETROLEUM— Firm.
COFFEE— Spot Rio, firm; No. 7 Invoice,
5%c; mild, steady. Coffee future* closed steady,
net unchanged to 7 points lower. Sales. Sl.OOti
bags, including: November, 4.75^ 1.80c; Decem-
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
Sanch Kkzs are practically cleaned up and
for the few received dealers get about what
thsy choose to ask. Holders of Eastern and
cold storage are reaping the harvest. The
market is stiff.
Butter and Cheese show no change what
ever. Both are In liberal supply and offered
freely to buyers.
Receipts were 20,500 Its Butter, C65 casea
Eggs and 5400 lbs Cheese.
BUTTER — Creamery, 27®2Sc for extras and
2«c for seconds; dairy, 21iff24c; store Butter,
174@10c; cold storage, 24@2T>c; Eastern. 2£@
24c per lb.
CHEESE— 124c for good flats, 13@l34c for
choice mild new and 11 ig 12c for lower grades.
Young America, i:tV&«?14c: Eastern, 1549
104c; Western, 14@15o per lb.
EGGS — Ranch, 45tf?4Cc for large white se
lected and 40@44c for fair to choice; store,
nominal; cold storage, C«@28e; Eastern. 21&
28c per dozen.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
Local trade in fruits was fair and there was
a good inquiry for choice Grapes In crates
for shipment on the Puget Sound steamer.
Choice Tokays sold for that purpose at «5c
per crate and Muscats and Black sold at 5uc
and 60c respectively. Receipts of large, opvn
boxes continued light and choice lots cleaned
up quickly at steady rates. The top quota
tion »u obtained for Muscat. $1 beln«r about
the. top for the other varieties. Receipts of
Wine Grapes were light, but as the demand
was likewise, prices were no higher. Peaches
were in small eupplv. - The receipts consisted
Continued on Page Thirteen.
BOSTON, Oct. 13. — The advent into the mar
ket of some of the big mill buyers caused a
distinctly better feeling In th« wool market
this week. Prices are strong and there is
no semblance of weakness. Quotations:
California— Northern, choice, 21e3".r.!c;' mid
dle counties. 17@f8c; southern, 125?13c.
Territory — Idaho, fine, 14@15c; fine, medium,
16<jl7c- medium. lS&lOc.
Wyoming, fine. U<Z?15c: fine medium, 16®
17c; "medium. 184@H>C t .^, M " M
Utah and Nevada, fine, 15@16c; fine medium,
17®174e; medium, 19@20c.
Montana, fine, choice. 19@20c; fine medium
choice. 19@20c: staple. 20@21c; medium, choice.
20®21c.
Boston Wool Market.
The Poultry market was in good shape and
California slock moved off more freely than
during the latter part of last week. I*arge
young Roosters were Inclined to easiness,
while large old Roosters and good heavy Hens
were steady. Broilers and Fryers were rather
scarce and cleaned up quickly at firmer rates.
No Western stock came in.
Game was offering freely and met with a
good demand at steady prices. Wild Doves
were quoted higher.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys. 20(f23c per lb for
young and 14<&17c for old: Gees*, per pair.
$1 75© 2: Goslings, $2@2 25; Ducks. $3<@5 50
per doien for old and $5 50<p0 50 for young;
Hens. $tifi»J 50 for largo and $4 5035 50 for
small: younjr Roosters. $5fr3 50; old Roosters.
$4 50«?5: Fryera. $l@4 5<>; Broilers. t:i 25®
II 50 for large anil $2 7563 for small: Pigeons^
$1 r«r dozen for old and $2® 2 25 for Squabs.
GAME — Rabbits. $1 75 per dozen for Cotton
tail, $1 25 for bush; Hare, $1@1 25 per dozen;
Wild Doves. $1 r>0 per dozen: English Snipe.
$3 50 per dozen; Common Snipe, $1 50 per
dozen; Gray Geese. $5 per dozen.
Poidtrv and Game.
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
Stocks — Sale*. High. Ix»w. Close.
Atchison 3S.400 C4T4 C3 634
*
NEW YonK. Oct. 13. — To-day"« stock mar
ket iiassed through a number ct separate
phases and ended the day in a nearly stag
nant condition and with prices for the most
part not far from last night's level. The mar
ket enjoyed Its period of decided strength dur
ing the early part of the day when the sell
ing pressure which has been so conspicuous
recently seemed to be entirely withdrawn. An
organized party of professional traders made
an attempt to etart prices upward, perceiving
a rumli»r of circumstances whlrh tiijrht work
in favor of the attempt. The most notable
cf th«» wan the building up of a large short
interest, which gave evidence of its existence
by sn eagerness to borrow stocks for delivery,
causing a rtuml>er of the Industrial to com
mand a *!!? ht premium for that purpose. Lon
don was inr-lined to take a more cheerful
vi»w 01 the financial outlook and felt some
what reesrur*-d over the prospects in the Far
FTaft and de<-idedl> so over the absence of
trouble in the progress of the Stock" Exchange
settlement.
The rawt important effect of the London
position was the »-elaxation of pressure here.
Speculative circles were Inclined to attach im
portance to some very large and concentrated
buying of United States PUel preferred, which
was noted yeeterrfay an.1 grave rise to reports
of a very Important accumulation. That stock
In contecuence recovered to 60 and Inspired
a hope- that its downward course had been
arrested at last. The importance attached to
the shipbuilding case wa 9 Indicated by the
cothJ effect or a rumor that the suit was to
\* adjusted snd discontinued. At the same
time th«re w»s some talk of a dividend in
crease on Amalgamated Copper and of a
declaration of a dividend on Reading second
ireferred. A downward plunge !n United
States Steel preferred to 57'.«. the k-wtst price
on record, had a chilling effect on Utt whole
movement and caused a reactionary tendency.
Th» selling o f the stock was associated with
the renewed stock market flurry in Plttsburg.
and It was rumored that the Steel preferred
offered in the market came out of collateral
for a loan which was affected by the Pittsburg
money troubles.
A 3-point break In Westinghou«e Electric
and a decrease of II Jn the first preferred
were supposed to find their orlrln at the same
source.
The slump of 5 points in Colorado Fuel had
no news to explain It, but was suppesed to be
connected with a speculative accumulation of
this stock while Its control was still disputed.
The railroad equipment companies were still
notably weak under the influence of the of
ficial admissions of large measures of economy
by the great railroad systems, which are ex
pected to become general throughout the rail
road world. A rale of old Rock Island stock
at a decline of 13 points attracted some at
tention. The break In Canadian Paclfio Just
at the clo** was attributed to orderg from
Montreal. The Western demand far currency
Is still deferred and New York exchange at
Chlcaxo went to 15c premium.
Outside of the fluctuations in Steel bonds
tbe bond market was narrow- and unchanged.
Total Bales, par value. $2,842,000.
United States 2a advanced- H D*r cent on
the last rail. NMMB£fe!S&£§i^*li
AVtc York Stock Market.
There is plenty of livestock in the Interior,
but stock cars are more, or less scarce, which
keeps receipts down to a moderate quantity
and checks any overstocking of the market.
Hogs are easv at the slight decline mentioned
yesterday. There Is plenty of V*al on the
market and small calves are in oversupply.
Beef Is easy and Cows are lower. Thsre is no
change In Mutton.
DRESSED MEATS.
Wholesale rates from slaghterers to dealers
are as follows:
BEEF — t!'2'7c for Steers and 51jbc per lb
for Cows. j _ -
VEAIi— Larpe C«7e; small. «99c per lb.
MUTTON — Wethers, 7!iSSc; Ewes, 7974c
per pound.
LAMB — 9© 10c per pound.
rORK— Dressed Hots. SlifPUe P« r Pound.
LIVESTOCK MARKET.
The following quotations are for good, sound
Livestock, delivered in San Francisco. less 50
per cent shrinkage for Cattle:
CATTLE: — Steers. SQ9c; Cows and Heifers,
7©Sc: thin Cows. 4<§3c per pound.
CALVES — 4J?44c per pound <gTOSs wei?ht>.
SHEEP — "Wethers. 34©3^«c; Etres. &g34c !
per pound <groes weight).
LAMBS*— *2 7.'^3 per head. _ ;
HOGS— Live Hogs. 150 to 250 lbs. o*uc;
under 150 lbs. 54'65'S,c: Sows. 20 ptr cent off: ;
Boars. SO r>er cent off. and Stags, 4i> per cent
off from above quotations.
General Merchandise.
BAGS — Grain Bags. 5654c: San Quentin, ;
5.55c; Wool Bags. 32#35c; Fleece Twine. 74
®8c: Cotton Fruit Bags, ti'je. 6%c and iUc
for the three grades;"Brown Jute. «4©74c.
CANNED FRUITS — The California Fruit
Canners' Association quotes the following price
list for 10C3 stock:
FRUITS. W g* 3, "
:— "-— 1- — 1 1—".—
Apples $1 Wi$l 30|$l 20|$l 10
Apricots • 1 70 1 40j 1 23
Blackberries 1 «0 1 40| 1 SO 1 20
Cherrtes. K. A 2 25 2 00 1 «0 150
Cherries, white 1 S5 170 143
Cherries, black 2 10 1 95 1 70 1 45
Grapes 1 35 1 20 1 10 1 CO
Yellow Free Peaches... 1 CO 1 30 1 15 1 05
Lemon Cling Peaches.. 1 SO 1 55 1 30 1 20
Do «liced 1 75 1 45 1 20J 1 10
White Heath Peaches.. 1 75 1 45 1 20J 1 ir>
Pears 1 80 1 60 1 40 1 25
Plums 1 35 1 15 1 05 85
Raspberries 25O 225 2 10 190
Strawberries 2 OOj 1 75 1 60[ 1 40
CANNED VEGETABLES— Tomatoes 24-lb'
standard. 85c; Green Peas — Baby petits pols
$1 50; petits pols $1 35; extra sifted. $1 15;
standard sifted. $1; standards. 85c; marrow
fats. 82Vi«: -gallon, sifted. $4 25; gallon,
standard. $3 75.
COAL — Wellington. $S per ton; New Wel
lington. $-S- Seattle. $rt 50; Bryant. $6 50; Bea
ver Hill. $5 50; Stanford. $7; Roalyn. $7; Coos
Bay. $5 60: Greta. $7; Wallsend. $7: Rich
mond. $7 RO; Cumberland. $13 In bulk and
*14 25 in sacks; Welch Anthracite Egg $13-
Welsh Liump. $11 50; Cannel. $S 50 per toai
Meat Market.
EASTERN MARKETS.
Local securities continued quiet. thounT
there was fair trading in bonds in the after
noon The sugar atocka were weak, with
Hutchlnscn aet'.ins down to $10 «24 and Ha
waiian Commercial down to $45 25. Home
Oil was somewhat steadier at 95ci8$l.
At the annual meeting of the Stock ami
Bond Exchange Monday the old officers w«r<j
re-elected as follows: I:. G. Brown, presi
dent: Robert C. Bolton. vic» president; H.
S. Manhelm. chairman; Walter Turnbull. vlc»
chairman: Harry Schwartz. secretary, and
Daniel Meyer, treasurer.
Stock arid Bond Exchange.
TUESDAY. Oct. 13—2 P- m.
UNITED STATES BONDS.
Bid. Ask. ( Bid. As'*.
4s ir eeur>.. — — 4s qr fn«w). — —
4s or re? — — 13s qr coup.. — —
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Ala A W 5s. - — |O T C» 5s.. — 114
Bay CPG 5s.l033ilO44; Do con 5s. 103 —
Cat C G 5s. — 11M4-O W C r 5s. — »7'i
Cal G * E g j Oceanic S S» 75 79
m& ct 5s. — 102410m r c e». — trtii
Cal-st 5s . — — } Pac G Im 4s. — —
C C Wat 5s. — 102 IT E Ry Ss.lOati —
E L & P fis.125 Ui> P & C H 6s. — -
F A C H «s. - 1164 P4ORW.- —
Geary-st 5s. 45 — tPowell-st 6a. — 11*
HC & S 54sl0l — iS E G&R Us. — l«««i
H C & S 5«. fW'-ilOO SF & SJVSs. — 117
Hon R T «s.l06'»l«* |S R of C 6».ll24 —
L A Elec 5s. — lOf. S P of A <5«
L A Ry 5s.. 11.1 114 U9O9> 107% —
L A L Co 6s — — (1910) 1084 —
Do gtd 6s. — — :S P of A 6s
Do gtd 5s. 102 - «1!)ft5)Sr A.102 -
L\P tcm Ps. — 1034 fl905)Sr B.1O2»ilO34
Mkt-st C 9m.ttt%tS0 HJHVi, 104Vs —
. Do lem 5s — 116 <1»12) — —
NRR of C 6slO7 10t% SP«^ lfjh. — 119
Do 5s — 117 Do stmp'l.i'Wiitro
N P C R 5s. — 1O*i; S P B R 6a. 1274 —
N C U 5s.. — in jS V Wat «s. 105*4 -
N C P C 5». — — I Do 4s 2dm. 99^100
N S R 6s... 100 — I Do 4s Mm. M —
O G L H 5«. Stkn GAE "» OS —
O T Co 6«..lt9 121 ! l'C*E5i. - --
WATER STOCKS.
Contra Ccsta — »O |Port Costa. .. -- —
Martn Co ... 61 - |Sp V W Co. 40(4 41
GAS AND ELECTRIC.
Cent LAP- * l i ••'¦iSac EO4R- —
Suit Gas . 4^ 54*1* I G & E «« -
Xtutual E L. 114 « s F, °*»l-U 2
Pac G Imp.. T.2 »3 Stock G * E 5 —
Pac Lighting 54 — ! L G A B. . — —
TRUSTEES' CERTIFICATES.
S F G * E. 654 «*4
INSURANCE.
Firem's Fnd.325 550
BANK STOCKS.
Am Nat Bk. — 12-*> L P * A — 175
An^lo-Cal . — OS |M»r Tmt ..225 —
B^nk of CaV. - 4S7 4 Merch Ex . . - -
f£l Safe Dp. 140 lflO S F Natlonl. - —
- First Natlonl — — •
SAVINGS BANKS.
c»r «; k I*. — 'Sav & L See. 04 —
Hum S & L. - - jSec Sav Bk.4OO 500
Mutual Sav.. — — Lnlon T Co. — —
S F Sav U.-COO 700 I
STREET RAILROADS.
California ..196 205 JPresidlo 3« «
Geary — M I
POWDER.
Giant « C8 iVlgorit — .1
SUGAR.
Hana P Co. — 15c (Kllauea S C. — «
Hawaiian C. — — Makawell C. 21 —
Honokaa S C 124 — Onomea S C 32 «4
Hutch S P C 104 11 JPaauhau S C — 17
2IISCELLANEUS.
Alaska Pack. 154 155 Oceanic S C. «V; 64
Tal Fruit As. &4 — Pac A F A. 2% —
fa 1 Wine As. — J>7 'i Pac C Borx.16.
Morning Session.
Board—
"0 Giant Powder Con •» 0J»
$1 000 Pacific Electric Ry 5a IC» <*>
$4^000 Faclflc Electric Ry ia 108 W>
Street —
$5.C00 Spring Valley 6s bonds 105 75
I 110 Onomea Surar Co ¦ ¦>- W
Afternoon Seaslon.
Board— ~*1 M „
50 Alaska Packers* Assn 1^4 P«>
25 Hawaiian Com & 8ugar 45 2»
10 Hutchinson S P Co 10
15 Hutchlnson S P Co 10 « 4
$0,000 Ix>s Angeles RyBs bonds 113 0O
10 S F Gas * Electric Co *» 0O
! $2,000 S P of Arizona <« t0 >;,- •• I" • v' 1^ 52
i $2 Cf«l Spring Val 4s bonds <2d nitg-). 09 50
I 20 Trustees'^Cert. SFOftE WCO
' $12.0UO S IMBranch Ry 6; bonds^... ..131 50
1 $24l00O S P Cal 1st cons 5* tstmpd>...109 to
Calif orniaStock and Oil Exchange
OH Stocks— Bid. Al^« d -
Alma :; > 40
Apollo i0
is proprearlng; quality and color all that could j
be desired; abundant crop. Fall plowing is ;
resumed.
LOS A.NGELES SUMMARY.
The weather was generally favorable fcr
fruits and vegetables, which are in good sup
ply, also for bean and grain thrashing; th«
latter is nearly finished. There is increased
demand for irrigation water.
Weather Report.
< 120th Meridian— Paciflc Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO. Oct. 13. 5 p. m.
The following: are the seasonal rainfalls to
d*i.» n.g compared with those, of nmt date |
\j't seat-o- and rainfall In last twenty-four 1
hours : ¦
Last Tills Last
Stations — 24 Hours. Senson. Season.
Bureka T 3.17 .53
Red Bluff 0.00 .44 T
Sacramento O.00 .14 T
San Francisco 0.00 .17 . T
Fr»sno O.00 .00 T
Independetice 0.00 T .SO
San l.uis Obtepo .. 0.00 .02 T
T^->s Aral's 0.C0 .43 T
San Diego 0.00 .0(5 .92
THE COAST RECORD^
= i" s 3 2 5
5 S?3 5= *Z t
3 =5 53 s2 J" 8 5
BTATtONS. ? Illi~§ ?* o
-1 c = s ¦ -i S
: I = : ' ! S;
'-??'¦ : • i
.'.'.• . ; 1
Baker .v).12 6H 40 NW Clear
Carson 30. <>0 7« 34 e Clear .00
Kureka SO.iKJ 56 52 NW Cloudy T '<
i-aralinn 2ft. !>4 .18 54 NW near .00
Fresno sf, 20. SS KS 50 NW «Tear .00
F"i>iijst*fT ....29.JW) eft ?.% pe r~lear .00
i Indepe n .1»n'"e 2O.f»4 S2 P4 K Clear .00
Ix)s Ancel<~«. .29.S4 S>4 C2 W Clear .fx>
Mt ranalp«ls.29.96 «l «2 XTV Clear .CO ,
North Head.. 30. 34 M 52 NW Clear JXt
Phoenir 29. Sit JXt M g\y Hear .00 j
Pocare'.Io .'I0.08 «58 3H W Clear .00
Portlanl 30.2ft 64 52 NW Clear .no
Point Reyes.. 29. 90 72 T3. N <*lear .OO
Rcl Bluff ...2». 9O 9 f > N <Tear CO !
Ko»eburir SO. 20 «O 4S N" Cloudy .00'
Sa<-ra?nento • .29. RS M r.4 NW Clear .00!
Sait Lake ....'iO.OS f,2 42 W «"lear .00!
Ssn Fran'-i<K'o.2a.!»2 SO fi2 W Clear .fO
S. L. OMspo..29.SS M M N Clear .00
San Dkro ...29.86 74 TA S «;ioudy .00
Seattle 30.38 «V> 46 NW Clear .OS
Spokane SO. OS fiS 44 W Clear .00
I Tatoosh 30.34 .">8 50 NW dear .12
Walla Walla .30.12 74 5*1 NW PC Cldy .00
Winnemucca .: j .0.02 7<i 38 NW tnear .f>0
Tun:a "W.RO 04 68 N Clear .00
The pressure ha3 risen rapidly over Wash
ington Rr<1 Oregon and has fallen rapidly over
j Nevada. L'tsh and Wyoming. A moderate de-
I pression cverlies the valley of the Colorado.
Th» temperature has fallen rapidly along the
entire coast, and at San Diego there has been
a fall of ~ degrees in the past twenty-four
hours.
Light fog prevails on the ocean, and cooler
wenther rr.ay be expected Wednesday generally
through California.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight, October 14. 1903:
Northern California — Fair Wednesday, ex
cept tog along the coast: cooler: light north
erly winds in the Interior; brisk westerly
winds on the co**t.
Southern California — Fair Wednesday, ex
cept fogpy almg the coast; cooler; light north
erly winds, changing to fresh southwest.
Nevada— Fair Wednesday; cooler.
Fan FrancUco and vicinity — Fair Wednes
day; cooler, with fog-; lipht northeasterly
winds changing to brisk westerly winds.
A. G. M'ADIE.
District Forecaster.
Flour qr sks. . .11.754! Bran. «k. t«3
Wheat, ctls l.«2Oj Middlings. »k»... 1<O
Barley, ctls frlO 1 Shorts, »ks 1.317
Oats, ctls l.COOi
OREGON
FOR TUESDAY. OCTOBER 13.
Wheat. et!s 1.2fi0j Tallow. <•«• .... 2M
Barley, rtls 3.M5 Pelts. No 2.47*
Cera, ctls 3« Hides. N« 1.<W«
Beans, sks 2.fi5n.RaUln*. bxs 2V>
Potatoes, sks ... 4. <MO Quicksilver. fisk» »t
Hay. tons Ofl 1 .Leather, rolls .. *4
Straw, tons 5 Wine, gal* 41. 40^
Wool, bales 219 Fowder. ear ... t
Screeninss. sks.. 07'
Receipts of Produce.
ST. JOSEPH. Oct. 13. — CATTLE— Receipts,
7500. Steady to 10c lower. Natives, $4(g4 50.
cows and heifers. $1 50@4 7!i : stockers and
feeders. $2 70<ff4 25.
HOGS — Receipts, 3775. Steady to fk: lower.
Light. $5 W!ir> .SO: medium and heavy, $3 '£?>ty
6 70; bulk of sales, $5 25®5 75.
SHEEP— Receipts. 2521). Generally steady
to strong. Native lambs, $5 CO; wethers, $4.
8T. JOSEPH
CHICAGO.
CHICAGO. Oct. 13.— CATTLE— Receipts,
5000, including 500 Texans and 1200 Westerns.
Good to prime steers. $5 15fi"5 25; poor to me
dium. $3 5O'g4 75: stockers and feeders. $2 25
«4 20: cows, $1 40?r4 .V>: heifers. $2@5; can
ners, 1 4<xff2 60; bulls. $2«4 33: calves. $2 .V)
#7 35; Texas-fed steers. $2 75<j?3 75; Western
steers, $3ig4 fe'O.
HOGS— Receipt*: To-day. SOOO; to-morrow,
20,000. Mixed and butchers', $5 33<§fl; good to
choice heavy. $5 35^5 SO: rough heavy, $4 OOW
5 88; light. $5 2.V?5 00; bulk of sales, $5 25®
5 65.
SHEEP— Receipts, 25.000. Sheep and lambs,
steady to 15c lower. GiSod to choice wethers,
$3 3094 25: fair to choice mixed. $2#3; West
ern sheep, $2 25f?4; native lambs, $3 50@5 75;
Western Umbs, $4^5 25.
Eastern Livestock Market.
NEW TORK. Oct. IS. — The rotton market
closed steady, net 7 to 12 points higher.
Nczv York Cotton Market.
NEW YORK. Oct. 13.— The London tin mar
ket was higher, spot advancing 7s 6d to £114
and futures 5s to £114 11s 6d. Locally tin was
about 10 points lower, however, with spot
quoted at $25 60&28 S7 1 -..
Copper was lower In London, with spot quot
ed at £83 12s Cd. a decline of 10s. while fu
tures declined only 5s and closed at the same
figure. Lornlly copper was quiet. Lake is
quoted at $13?g"13 25; electrolytic at $13®
13 124. and castlnr at $13 75.
Lead was unchanged at £11 In the London
market and remained firm here at $4 50.
Spelter declined ?s 6d in London at £20 5s.
but remained quiet h*re at $6.
Iron closed at 50* in Glasgow and 43s 6d in
Mlddlenboro. Locally Iron was quiet; No. 1
foundry. Northern, $16#17: No. 2 foundry.
Northern. $15©16; No. 1 foundry. Southern,
and No. 1 foundry. Southern soft, $l.VJM."i 00.
New York Metal Market.
Articles — Receipts. Shipments.
Flour barrels 1«.8<X) 14.SC0
Wheat, bushels 118.0<iO 82,400
Corn bushels 314.400 23O..".C0
Oats bushels 348.100 119.7<O
Rve.' bushels .'>!>. 700
Barley. bush-ls__. jj ..128.200 . 1.3 ?0 ,
On the Produce Exchange to-day the. butter
market was steady; creamery. 1541J20c;
dairy 14t?l«<*; erss steady at mark, cases in
cluded, l^lflc; cheese, steady. HSlSe.
Foreign Futures.
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat - Oct. Dec.
Opening Nominal. 6 4^
Closins •> ***
PARIS.
Wheat— Oct. Jan.-Apl.
«* .-•."•.::::::::::: II % |f*
Flour —
Opening 2S> 7o 2? 25
Ctortn* 23 SO 25 «
. Visible Grain Supply..
NEW TORK, Oct. 1.1— Special cable and
telegraphic communclatlons received by Brad
streefa show the following changes in available
supplies as compered with the previous ac
count: , .
Wheat— Unit«(J States and Canada, east of
the Rockies Increased 1,933.000 bushels; afloat
for and In Europe, increased 2.20O.0OO bushels;
total suDDly increased 4.105.000 bushels.
t-orn j;nited States and Canada, ea-«t of the
Rorkles. decrease 1.2OT.O00 bushels.
Oats United States and Canada, east of the
Rockies, increase 1.000.000 bushels.
The Potato market is overstockad with Bur
banks from the river and Oregon, and those
descriptions are very weak. Th* best grades
of Salinas Burhanks are In good requ?«t for
local consumption and continue to brinjf good
prlc«s. Sweet I'otatoes were a shade firmer
than en the preceding day. as there were 110
fresh arrival* from Merced. Fancy Onions
are in rather light supply and steady at pre
vious prices.
Tomatoes arrived freely and the market con
ttnued easy for the general run of supplies,
with surplus stock going to the canners at the
minimum quotation. Some choice, smooth
stock in extra larire. boxes sold up to 65c per
box. but In a small way. Lima Beans were
scarce and cleaned up quickly at higher
rates. The other vegetables arrived freely
and priefs stood about as before quoted.
POTATOES — Burbanks from the river. .V>3
75c per ctl; Salinas Burbanks. $1 25<£1 45 per
Ctl: Oregon Burbanks, 7rwSf90c per ctl; River
Reds, SOUOOe per ctl: Sweet Potatoes. $1 40*J
1 50 per ctl for Merced and $1 25 for Stock
ton.
ONIONS — t*0@S5e per ctl.
VEGETABLES — Green Corn, f>OcS$l ptr
«ack or crate; Green Peas, 2@3c per lb; Strins
Bean*. 14324c per lb; Wax. 24(ft3c; Una
Beans, 4Si'>c per lb; Tomatoes, 2&@5Oc per
box; Summer Squash, 30@40c per box; Cab
bage, 6Oc per ctl: Carrots, 75c per sack: Cu
cumbers. 40®50c per box: Garlic, 3®4c per lb:
Oreen Pepper*. 35tf?50e per box for Chile and
5O(gi7Sc for Bell: Green Okra. &O@75e per box:
Egg P'.ant. 35iy. r >0c per box; Marrowfat Squash,
$10® 12 per ton.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
SEEPS— Brown Mustard, nominal; Yellow
Mustard, nominal; Flax. $1 70^1 SO; Canary,
.VJi54e for Eastern; Alfalfa, nominal; Rape,
19i,@24c; Timothy. C£ti4c: Hemp. 334Q3tt«
per lb; Millet, 3tj34e; Broom Corn Seed, $20@
2.1 ;>er ton.
LRIED PEAS— Oreen. $1 80(^2 per ctl.
There' is no further decline In Beans, but the
market is weak and dull. Seeds continue un
charr*"d and nomira!.
BEANS— Bay?s. $2 35<g2 55; Pea. $3 23:
Butters, $3 50; small White. $3; Iargn
White. ?2 '25<82 60; Pink. $2 40ig2 50; Red.
$2 f>0<&3: Lima. $3<©3 25; Red Kidneys,
$4^4 25: Blackeye. $2 5Og2 65 per ctl; Horse
Beans. $1 4O'§1 50.
Beans and Seeds.
Heavy receipts durlner the past several days
have weakened the Hay market, and while
•leaters are not quotins lower prices they are
shading former quotations to work off the ax
rivals. But they report a good demand all over
the. State, and as three or four of them own
the bulk of the supply they are not letting the
market no down.
Bran and Middlings are firm at the advanct.
already noted, with light offerings.
BRAN— $226^3 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— $27928 50 per ton.
SHORTS — $22023 per ton.
F5£DSTI'FFS- Rolled Barlej". J24325 per
ton: Oilcake Meal at the mill. $2fi@26 50; Job
bins. $27^27 5C; Cocoanut Cake, J21P22; Corn
Meal. $32 5(t©^: Cracked Cnrn. $33$33 50;
Mixed Feed. $£» r>0<§23 50; Horse Bean*.' $2S@3O
r>£r ton.
HAT — Wheat. ?13®I«. with sales of extra
choice at $16 .">O: Wheat and Oat. $12 50fl*
15 5O; Oat. 512 W>514 50; Wild Oat. $11 SO®
12 50; Barley. $10*112 5»>; Stock, $0® 10; Alfal
fe. $lO<gil 5O per ton.
STRAW— 40ig65c per bale.
Hay and Feedstuffs.
FLOUR— California Family Extras. $4 60©
4 S5. usual terms: Bakers 1 Extra*. U .V>#4 6ft;
Oregon and Washington. $3 90«g4 20 per bbl
for Family and $3 »0«4 40 for Bakers'.
MILLSTUFFS — Prices in packages are as
follows: Graham Flour. $3 2S per U>o lb*; Rye
Flour. M 25; Rye Meal. $3; Rice Flour, $7:
Corn Meal, $3 25; extra cream do. $4: Oat
Groats. $4 50; Hominy. }4£4 25: Buckwheat
Flour. $4 rrf)«?4 :.•>; Cracked Wheat. $3 75; Fa
rina. $4 50; Whole Wheat Flour, $3 50; Rolled
Oata. bbl». $7 25gS 60> in sacks. $6 75®8 10:
Pearl Barley, $6; Split Peas, boxes, $7; Green
Ptras, $5 .V) per 100 lbs.
Flour and Millstuffs.
' ""Tfc* rgtowiac retail price* for rc«ats ar« •
quoted hv tf-e F."ai! Eutchers' Protective As- •
foliation:
EEEF- Prim- Hcaet. 15@lSe: Porterhouse •
Fteat. l*©22'-<-: Teaderiotn Pteak. 15«l«c; j
Sirloin FfsH. I24O1SC; Tor Round Steak. 1
:2 '•¦<-: Beef Btew l'>c: Corned Beff. SflOc; ;
• t«up Bw* 4<-; Sn-jp Mer.t, ,V!10r.
VEAl,--I>in F.^ast lo&2>'<: Shoulder Ros«t. ,
•;--.. *,i>-. l?m*>« and Cutiete. 15OMc; Stew.
I24«ri5e. ;
ttV I'lXJX — lx*r. 12*-3l!*r: Fore<juart»r. S^T |
JO~; Ktew fceioc: Prime Cbaps. 12 : J '51Sc.
LAMB— Leg. 2^*-: Forequarter. 12H©1*« I
Hir'tquarter 3*"32Ot-: ShouMer Ro*.£t. 104? }
124<": <"Ticr*. lMM«e.
PORK—Kooat. 12451**; Chop* 15$l$e.
• T>-'** rri 1 "* 1 * fl.fy not cover the cheeper rradee. !
st It is irrro«E!bie to quote regular prices on !
them.
Bank of California.
. . At the ar.r.usl n:eetir« cf the stockholders j
••"* the Dar.k of California y»ffn1ay the fn\- |
lowing directors were eU-rtFd: William Al- j
¦von! Jan:es M A'i'.en. Frank B. Anderson. J
• V.'i;!:an Eabcc<k. «Tiarl«-6 R. Bishop. Antoir.e.
Iiorel. Warrtc D. <lark. G^oit* K. Goo-lwan.
,iiim firar.t. Eflw. VT. Hopkins. John F.
1.1err;:i and J?.*ob Stem. All the old officers
"•were re-elected, as follow*: William Alvord.
; Yresident <for t!ie twenty-« 4 .xth consecutive
Terrr. 1: Frank P Anders<>n. vire. president;
-•Carles It. I > .:sh"-'p vi<je pres-i'iT.t. J«sifs M.
-»ntn -attorney; AI>n M. CtaT. f «cretar> ;
Irving F Moulton. cashier; Fam II Daniels.
I's'.fTar.t'cafhifr, and Wilhnm R. Penti. as
•«;M«r.t cashier FoSlov.ing is a statement of !
£caettlM» at t*>e doM of busir.es? C»ct«h*r U '
ASSKTS — Lo*oa and discount*. $13,833.
t:U K4; bar.k vrerr.ite* J250.t*lP; oth«r reil I
• ertst*. $:7".7i5 '£*: tnerrhan-li?' 1 . loan arvl ;
.«>»*<!: t' acceunt. MCB.SW purnlry b<>nds and !
Mocn $1.742.07:i 24: Govrrr.ment bonds. fH>*K- ;
7>>4 47- due from banks and banker?. J4.157.- j
23>3t: money en hand. Sl^K^.STl OB— »*•
LMC330 S£ Total as*ei*. $2S.'J 4ft.lt>: 4S.
I.'Ai'lLITIES— Capital raM tn gold com. j
• STiiofWrfiO- «urr':us ar.d utviivjied rronts. **>.- 1
•J'-ir^I °1" dlvldenUa urpsld. f224; acc«.ptancf» ,
un-ieV loans «nd crer:u». $4tl.7*7 68: ,«* ; .V 1
•liahi'.ltjet f*Ci.l'.«; 71: due depositor*. Jll.!wv.t.- |
«t'I "2- <iiie bar.ks and banker*. *^.7'^2.401 »i« —
' flXXXJUZ ST. Total liaMlitlee. $'^>.2;3,16S 4S.
' • • The 1 1 ' 'cat her and Crops.
The weekly report cT A. G. McAdie. section j
id'rectr.r of the climate and crop service
«-f th? T\"eath»-r Bureau, i^ at follows:
. *. GENERAL. SUMMARY.
Th* weatfcef was EHghtly warmer in ncft
thsr. Aarlos the preceding week ani
- Bcnmlly dear until near the close of th*
Swack. L.C-* r&tn extended fr<-m Fan Luis
'li-isr-i nmhwar.l «lor« the coaet end In tha
||-,. t ram«nto lalKy. but did DM reach
tie. central and meathaen San Joaquia valley
r- f-Sruthf-rn California.
Owinr to the air.ple warning* to orchara:*ts
e an4 vineyaraistf. there wa« r.o material dam
et; c to rtiy.r.s and tjeciduou* fruits on trayt.
&i the clear warm Tv«sther following the
it-i'waf. rerr beneficial. Late grapes on the
" -viref. of whf'-h th«r- is a considerable Quan
' Utr In the fiiinta <"sra «nJ Sonoma valleys.
v-Vre probably tjniewhat damapM, and there
»s« f-n'w*: ir.juo' to b»ar> and unprotected hay.
The rain we» \<>j Hg-ht to t>" of value exc«r r
in the north«e«t coast district*, where grata
v** l*r.eflt<?<i anl the foil softened. Grar»
pi<-kir.s is ;.rccre«5'.r.g rap'd!y. end the ehsj.
per« and win.- makers are handling the crop
*-xp»-d]ticvUsiy. The first rrop cf raielne is
r.Vatly all in the packing houses and the. sec
<¦• *, Vrop is b^irg cri^i. Prune dr>-ing is
'fxirly completed. The almond crop is aii
tatkT»d * r '^ walnut harv=rt i* in ("rogrese.
. \\')t!-u'f= are of betUM" quality than usual but
'•tht y.t\<i if light. Appie 1 irking continues.
« •ra.r-e** are :r. '-xcell^nt ocndltion anj are
rft«fitnC rapidly in the rortervir.e »n1 Oru
>ili«-<Jiftr1ct«: a heavy <toji la predicted.
" !t if reported that t'ane were not material
ly damaged by rt^'ent rains, but the crop is
/•»nj!K]er*h'y lighter than ejrpected in most »ev
tvr.t. though cf euperior quality. Sugar bert
tarrett i» nearly eomnleted 1 . Com iind po
taioea are yielding g<x>d crcps. Plowing an-i
(Veding are in prorrei«s in *orne t~-Uor.r.
-. ¦ SACRAMENTO VALLEY.
? "no!, cloudy vcfu'.h'T continueJ durir.g the
first of the »e*k. followed by light rain and
• warmer at th* 1 lo*e. Th* rain caused slight
. 'limag" 1 to late grapes, bean* and unprotecte.l
hay. hut et amjil* warning was given there
w*s no-materts! damage to rsis-iRs an.J deci-1
u'-'Ufc fruits on tr»yp. Thf warm, clur w*a
•her immedteieiy foilnwlnr the rain will be
• henefina! to all orcp*. The almond Top is
• H- gathered and ur.rjer nhelter. Oranges were
' not •irjurrd by 'h*- rain »rA are in excellent
<-or.<5it;en: th* warm w»»th«r will hasten color
i-y? an<l riper.! me. No particular benefit re
sulted frim tht rain, as it was generally tr><j
j:«rht to start eras* or soften the «oi!. Plow
ing and seeding -ere prrisressir.E in seme sec
»- tCT COAST AND BAT FKrTIONS.
L^-wVarm and partly r!ou(!y weather prevailed
dur ng the ueek. with light rain on the 9th
»->'.pn<Sing along the coast frcm San LuU
< 'bis j)O to Eureka. On the northwest coast the
ram ««*. suftir-ifnt M benefit «ra^s. but In
- other sections «M too Jijrht to be of vr.lue.
ft «ir»r*« and dyirg fruits were rw:t materially
-<J*rr-.ac«"1 Ly the rain. «Vr.r.!ng beau* wer«
»»riou5iy injured by the htavy frost* reported
Ust fo-k in iler.'jix-ino County. «:arlo«d ship
ments cf Trkay irrape* continue frcm. V«ca
vi'.le. «r.<l th<:-re ere still o^nsideraNe quan
tities of grspe* on the vines Jn the Bonoma »n«l
Santa Clara vaijrj-s. Potato digging and corn
picking are in pr'-sres?. liean harvest ir near
ly completed. inigar beets at f-klinas are
ifflilng in rapidly.
FAN JOAQUIN VALLMY.
The weather fljrinr the werk was generally
favorable for fruit <*.ryir.p ar<1 raisin making.
Light rain fell in Kan Joaquin County, but
did not «-xt«id routnward «nd caused no (Jam
agf in the North. Grape harvest is progre««
i;:* rapidly and tUpptra and wineries have all
they can handle. Hairlns are roicg to the
[soirirjf houses in large quantities, and with
fair, m-arm weather the larger part of the crop
will be secured within two we«k». Prune
harvest is l>raciiral!y completed and drying Is
progressing rapidly. Orenges continue in good
condition and are coicrinK well: pleklcg will
probably commence aJ^ut the 2Dth. Potato
digging and corn plrlcir:^ are In progress and
some late alfalfa Ik being harvested. Plowing
and eeedln* are projrrf-hkir.g in a few places.
SOUTHERN CALIFORNIA.
Clftir. warm weather prevailed most of the
week, with fors at night along the coast. Rai
f!n making mn<i fruit drying are protrressing
rapidly and with favorable weather will coon
»>* completed: both crops are very natlsfartory.
<itrus fruits are in excellent rendition and will
prot>a.b!y yield more than the average crop«.
Apples are nearly all gathered. Walnuts In
Orange County are of better quality than us
ual, but the yield is beiow average: picking
is in procres*. Bean« were not «eriou«ly dam
aged try recent rains except j n a f tw pia. C ee;
tn Ventura County the yield is better than ex-
O~"ied, whUe in Kanta narbara County the
. <rop i« nsuch lighter than two years ago
though of •uperior quality. Sugar beet har
*r«t :r nearly completed.
4 EITREKA Sl-'MMART.
r Generous rains exUngTiirhrd forest nre« and
•»a\e ffivrn srasa a good etart. Apple picking
Retail Meat Prices.
Lccal Stocks and Bonds listless, ztnth ftrju changes.
Silver advances sharply. Exclia nge unchanged.
Wheat Freights still low, with many idle ships here.
Wheat quiet and easy, zrith rather more tone abroad.
.Barlex continues to creep up gradually.
Oats in good movement, with sufficient offerings.
'Com zi-cak and dull at the decline. Rye unchanged.
Nothing new in Flour and Milt stuffs.
Hay 'i^akcr, under recent large arrivals.
Bran and Middlings firm, iinth light offerings.
Beans stiil weak and dull, wit h large receipts.
B.utter and Cheese plentiful and weak,
'fresh Eggs very scarce and firm.
;Dried Fruits. Nuts and Raisins in good demand.
Lard dull. Other Prozisions selling fairly.
Wool quiet and easy. Hops o if again and not active.
Livestock quiet, with continued scarcity of cars.
Beef casx. Veal lower. Mutton a nd Pork unchanged.
Lord 0:1 declined $c per gallon.
Hides quiet and easy, here and in the East.
Potato market or-crstocked and generally zceak. Onions steady.
Poultry selling off '.cell and Game in good demand.
'Fresh Fruits in good supply an d fairly active.
Cash quotations were as follow?: Flour
steady: No » sprin? wheat. 79'gS2c; No. 2 red,
80iiQfe2e: No. 2 corn. 43%c; No. 2 yellow,
46Vi'6-l7c; No. 2 oats. 3ftC564e; No. 3 white,
.leaaftc: No. 2 rye. HUci good feeding bar
ley 41*5 42'-: fair to choice malting, 47@37c;
No" 1 fiaxseed. 96c; No. 1 Northwestern,
$1 034- prime timothy seed. $2 80; mesa pork,
per bbl $11 20^11 25; lard, per H"*> lb*. $« S5
®6 874: short ribs sides (loose). $7 7MJS;
drv salted shoulders (boxed). $6 SO®Q 75: short
clear Mdes (boxed), 58 124@8 25; whisky,
ba»ip hijh wine«, $1 25; clover, contract grade,
*10 5645:11.
Lard per 100 lbs—
October <! R24 * 55 « 80 fi S24
December « 824 6 90 6 824 * 90
January « ft 74 6 924 6 85 6 924
Short Rlbs.per I0O lbs —
October S 5S 8 674 8 65 8 5»
May 6 50 6 524 « M 6 52'j
Provisions were firm at the opening, due to
the steady hog market and on covering by
shorts, with some demand from foreigners for
December and January lard. Continued selling
by packers and attempt on the part of scalp
ing longs to realise caused a break later In th<s
day. but the loss was all regained before the
clt«e. January pork closed 24c higher, lard
was up Sfl'Uc and ribs were 24?r6e higher.
The leading futures ranged as follows: -
Articles— Open. High. Low. Clo#».
Wheat No. 2—
December new. 7S% 7S>4 7S% 73%
May 7«% 79 T a 79% 79%
Oats No. 2 —
October 44% 45 44% 45
December 44'i 45% 444 45%
May 44 «% 434 44 Vi
Corn No. 2—
October 374
December 37% 37% 36% 37%
May 38 37?4 S'\ 37-4
Mess Pork, per bbl—
October 1125
January J2 15 12 15 12 05 12 10
May 12 274 12 324 12 20 12 274
CHICAGO, Oct. 13.— Firm cables in the iaee
of the bisr decline hers yesterday were a 'bull
factor at the start, and December wheat opened
a shade to 4@%c higher at 78%c to 78%c.
Outside markets were weak, however, and this
fact in adldtion to the favorable weather in
the Northwest, brought out considerable sell
ing orders during the first hour and a weaker
tone developed. St. Louis houses were leaders
in tha early selling movement. With but little
demand December sold off to 78 Uc. An up
turn at Mlnneajjolis. due to a better demand
for flour and a stronc cash demand, caused a
sharp rally later in the day. The bull feeling
was augmented by the comparatively small
increase, in t*>e world's visible supply. Brad
street's reports showing an Increase of 4.195.000
bushels, against 8.940.000 bushels a year ago.
There was some influential buying late In the
session, with but little disposition to sell on
the part of a-ny one. Closinsr prices were near
the top. December being %@'T%c higher at 79%c.
Corn ruled weak the early part of the session,
due to mild weather throughout the. West and
weakness in wheat. Ths latest strength in
wheat stimulated buying on the part of local
traders and the market turned strong, closing
at the top, with December 4^3"%c higher at
45 '4 c
Oat» were easy at the start under Belling
by commission houses, with little apparent ef
fort to support price?. Final figures on De
cember were He higher at 37*»c.
Chicago Grain Market.
WHEAT FREIGHTS — Some charters are be- 1
ing drawn for Barley at about 13s 6d, usual
European options, showing that the freight
market is still down to bedrock, with a vast
amount of idle tonnage in port. The chartered
Wheat fleet In the harbor has a registered ton
nase of 36,278, against 41.600 tons on the same
date last year; disengaged, 114,190 tons,
against 49.570; on the way to this port, 219,300
tons. a?alnst 220.900.
WHEAT— The markets all over the world
continue without especial feature. Bradstreefs
gives the world's visible supply an increase for
the week of 4.193.C00 bushelsu The foreign
markets have shown more tone of late, but not
enough to advance quotations.
Chicago was higher again and reported the
speculative sentiment stiil bearish, though the
situation was getting stronger daily.
This market continues qutet and featureless.
CASH WHEAT.
California Club. $1 40@l 45: California
White Australian, $1 50fTl 55; Northern Club,
$1 4<i®1 -45: Northern Blue Stem, $1 5091 15;
Oregon Valley, $1 4O@l 46 per ctl.
FUTURES.
Session 9 to 11:30 p. m.
Op«n. High. Low. Close.
December $1 3d% $1 39% $1 39% $1 33*
2 b. m. Session.
No sale*.
BARLEY— The upward movement In tha caah
grain continues and $1 16Vi was generally
: aeked for Feed yesterday, with $1 15 freely bid.
: Brewing I? advancing in sympathy. Futures
rule firm.
CASH BARLEY.
; Feed. $1 13%©1 16%; Shipping and Brewing.
$1 20@l 25; Chevalier. $1 20®l 45 for fair to
choice.
Session 9 to 11:30 p. m.
Open. High. Low. Close.
December $1 134 $1 13% $1 134 $1 13'j
2 d. m. Session.
Open. High. Low. Close.
December $1 13% $1 13 s * $1 13% $1 13%
OATS — The trade continues to report a steady
to firm market, with a good demand for all de
scriptions, both for feed and seed. Offeriiiga,
howev.?r. are ample for all needs.
White. $1 20^1 324: Black, $1 40®l 60;
Red. $1 2Cigl 25 for feed and $1 25f 1 33 for
seed; Gray, $1 224@1 274 J*r ctl.
CORN — The market continues weak at th*
lower i'-ri'-es already quoted and the. demand
Is very slow.
Western, sacked, $1 40 far Yellow, $1 40 ror
White and ?1 3."> for mixed: California large
Yellow, $1 35<S1 45; small round do, $1 70«f
I 75; White. $1 35§1 45 p»r ctl.
RYE — Th* market is quiet and featureless at
?I 2-Vgi 30 per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— $2 25#2 50, per ctl.
Wheat and Other Grains.
Bar silver, strong, 2Sd per ounce. Money,
14624 per cent. The rate of discount in
the open market for short bills is 34 per
cent and for three months bills 3*4 per cent.
Atchison pfd 600 87% 87 ST
Bal & Ohio 0,400 73?4 72!i 73
Bal & Ohio pfd W4
Can Pacific 8.800 119H H6*i U6*;
Central of N J 148
Ches & Ohio 900 80 28^ 2S»;
Chi & Alton 3.500 24S 23V* 24V*
Chi & Alton pfd... 600 62^ 62 61 «*,
C * G Weet 9V> 14% 14»4 14Vi
C * O West B pfd 25^
Chicago & NW 200 156 154% 154%
Chi Term & T 200 Z\i SV* 8.H
Chi Term & T pfd. 100 16^ 18^ 16
C, C, C 4 St Louis 100 70 70 71
Colo So 500 12 111* 11%
Ccto So 1st pfd.... 100 47% 47H 47
Colo Eo 2d pfd.... 100 19 19 18V»
Del & Hudson 400 15O«4 150 150
Del, Lack * W 300 232 2304 23*
Den & Rio G IS
Den & Rio G pfd.. 600 66 , 65 *± 60
Erie 3.SW 27%' 2S»» 261*
Erie 1st pfd 1,500 66 655» e5
Erie 2d pfd 1.500 47% 47»4 47
Great Nor pfd 200 165 164 1«5
Hocking Val 6"
Hocking Val pfd 73
111 Central 300 1281* 1MH 12?i-i
Iowa Central 173^ j
Iowa Central pfd 32
Kans City^o I"?,
Kans City So pfd . . 30O 31H 31 3tJ4
Louis & Naah 2,700 &7U 96% »64
Manhattan L 1.400 1S0H 129% ISO
Met St Ry 2.200 104\t 105 103
Minn & St Louts.. 100 43% 43% 42
Mo Pactne ?.40O SSS 87H *••*-
: S I ?- P fd: 'too 3 r g* git
'N 8 T R C^ral MM . PM 1.^ 8^ S ™«\
Nor & West 1.000 / 57 56 56 ,
Nw * West pfd... 100 8;? RJ 8|J
Ont & Weitern.... l.»«0 20^ 19% 19% ¦
Pennsylvania 24.400 11« 11 . 11. »s. .
Fitts.C.C * Et L. . 100 56 M 65 .
Reading 16.700 45S 44% 44%
Reading 1st pfd .-• •••• -¦¦ i* !
g^'"AS/2»:.::n.S tk K gyi
R Island Co pfd... 300 69 ***> S|*i
! St Louis & S F H- ••¦• »r
SStSfttlS -300 «jj 44H « I
Ko?P^UIe.?: :'. S2.40O 70 *% fU
wiSS pfd ¦:::... i«» 29% »% » ¦
W * Lake Erie 400 14J4 13% 1SJ,
Wla Central l.WJ '^ « "Jj 1
I Wifconsin Cent pfd 200 35% 86% 35%
Express Companies— |
(Adams *r* !
I American ' '' j
United States ITl '
H "° j
A»aK» M o5?p^ • 65.2OO 37% 35% »%'
! Am Car & Foundry 4.30O M% »>J4 «%
! Am Car & Fdy P M Z100 67 65», 05%
Am Unseed Oil »•»
Am Lin Oil pfd •••• •¦•• *7
Am Locomotive .. 1.200 12 11% 1H
An Locomo pfd... 2.500 74 M il
Am Pmelt & Rfg-- ».O0» 41 S3% *O I
Am Sm 4: RfK pfd 500 S7 g WH #» |
Am Sugar Refining 1.500 If*U 10. v, 1OP ,
I Anacon Mining Co. 6.200 64 62% MJ»
Brooklyn Rap Tran 5.000 32% «H «!»
Colo Fuel & Iron. 3. Too 33 23 28
Col & Hock Coal.. 1.2.10 100 loo LY>
Consolidated Gas . 200 170 170 1,0
•General Electric .. 300 14OI* 140 140^
InternaU Paper .. MO 11 11 «>H
Int Paper pfd
Internatl Pump »•
Int Pump pfd ••••
National Biscuit .. P00 S5V 4 J» o^ }
National Lead .... 700 12 12 12ML
North American 72 j
(Pacific Mail 40O 10 18'4 18
j Peoples Gan I. BOO »•">% «»% »<> !
Pressed Steel Car.. 2.BOO 29% 2f>H 29ii
: Pressd Ft Car pfd. 500 71 1» 70 U 701, \
'• Pullman Pal Car.. 10O 212 212 210 ;
; Republic Steel .... 1.200 7'4 JH J%
i Rep Steel pM 1.50O 574 M M
iRubber Goods ..".. 200 141, 14 14
! Rubber Goods pfd <"»H
i Tenn Coal &. Iron. 6.40O 2.STs 2«<S, 2«%
| I? S Leather «•"« 7 6% (Tti,
i IT S Leather pfd... 500 75 7!V 75Vi
i U S Rubber » I
j U 6 Rubber pfd 34
I V R Steel 40.200 13H 124 J2%
U S Steel pfd 111.900 60 57% 67% i
| Western Union 81 % j
Total sales 537,400 share*. •
i UNITED RAILROADS OF SAN FRANCISCO.
NEW YORK, Oct.. 13.— United Railroads of |
! San Frar.ciBeo bond transactions— COCO at ;
| 57C 75.
NEW TORK BONDS.
U S ref »s reg. .100% Mexican Cen 4s.. 70
Do coup 106%.- Do 1st Ine 13 Vi i
Do 3a rec 107V) Minn & St 1. 4d. IWi j
; Do coup 10S% Mo Kan * T 4s. 87 j
Po new 4s reg.135 : Do 2ds 754 !
Do coup 135 N Y On gen 34s. 97%
Do old 4* r»g..11O4 N J Cen r*n 5s.l28>j
Do coup HOVj Northern Pac 4*. 100%
Do r>s reg 1024 ; Do 3s 70S '
Do coup 102V, N'orf & W con 4s. P*% 1
Atehison gen 4s. 95% Reading gen 4s.. 86% 1
Do adjust 4s... P0 St L&I M con As.lO9V« '
I Bait & Ohio 4s... 09% St L & S F 4s... 81 4
Do 34s 03 ;St L 8 W let*... »:<4
Centra; of fia 5s.lO44 Southern Pac 4s.. S5%
Do 1st inn 67 -Southern Ry'Bs..ll24
Ones & Ohio 44s.lO14'Texa»*& Pac lits.115
Chi A Alton 34s. 72 iTol St L & W 4s. 68%
c; B & O new 4». 914 'Union Pacific 4s.lOO^
C M4St P ten 4s. 1064! Do conv 4s B3%
; r & .N W cen 7s.l31%jWaba«h lsts 115
t C R I * P 4»... 70% Do deb B 524
] CCC&St L gen 4s. 954iW & L Erie 4s.. 85
Chi Xerm 4s 734|Wiscon Cen 4s... 83
Colo & South 4s.. 62>/»!Con Tobacco 4s.. 524
Denver A R O 4s. 00%!Manhattan 10Oi- t
Erie prior lien 4s. 96% C F & I 72
Do gen 4s 834 O S L 4s «f>%
Ft W t D C l»t».103 Penn con SV.t,... Po4
Hocking Val 44s.lO4% U S Steel 2d?- 6»?»
LAN unif 4s... 97%
NEW YORK MINING STOCKS.
Adams Con 10: Little Chief 06
Alice 14 Ontario 4 50
Breece lO.Ophir I 40
Brunswick i.'on .. 04 Phoenix 07
Oometock Tun ..- 06 Potosl 20
<"on Cal & Va 1 20,Savase 20
Horn Silver 1 OOjSlerra Nevada ... 4S
Iron Silver 1 50, Small Hope* 20
Leadvllle Con ... 02'Standard 175
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money — jWest'house com.. 61
Call loans 3@l Mining —
Time loans 5fiO Adventure 3
i #-on<l« — jAllouez 44
Atchlfion 4s 97VAtr j .alfcamated ••• 36
Railroads— iBIngham 204
Atehlson 634 'Calumet & Hecla.440
1 Atehison pfd 87% Centennial 144
I Boston & Albany.247 iCopper Range .. 444
I Poston Elevated .1364;FrankIln 74
! N Y. N H & H.193 Isle Royale B
T'nlon Pacific ... 6ft«ClMohawk 35%
Mexican Central. . 10^i Old Dominion ... 5!-i
Miscellaneous — O^ceola 51
American Sugar.. 108% Parrot 1G4
Am Sugar pfd...ll64 Qulncy 85
Am Tel & Tel 120V« Santa Ke Copper. IVi
Dom Iron & Steel 7 Tamarack 7- r »
General Electric 142 Trinity 5%
Mass Electric ... IS United States ... 1«Tk
Mass Elec pfd .. 774 Utah » 24%
United Fruit .... 92 Victoria 2%
ir S Steel 12% Wlnona »>Vj
U S Steel pfd ... 67% Wolverine 63
LONDON CLOSING STOCKS.
ronn for money.. 88%'N Y Central 1204
fan* for acct...S8 7-lti(Nor &. Western.. BS
' Anaccnda 3=mNor & West pfd. J>O
I Atchison 66 jont A Wentern... 20%
Atchison pfd 904 'Pennsylvania 604
Bait A Ohio 75*,iRand Mines H%
Canadian Pacifle.l2.«VsiReadlng 21
' Ches & Ohio 30 IteadlBK 1st pfd.. as
! Chgo G Westn... 15 Reading 2d pfd.. 31
' C M A St P.... 140 Southern Ry 17"«
De. Beer* 10 y; South Ry pfd 73
Den A Rio Or... 19%,'Po Pacific 414
¦ D A R G pfd .. 68 llTnion Pacific ... 72
. Erie 2*% Union Pacific pfd. 87
Erie 1st pfd 674|U S Steel 13%
1 Erie 2nd pfd 484 U S Steel pfd ... 601j
i Illinois Central... 13.1 Wabash 18
Louis A Naeh ... 99 ! u Wabash pfd .... 110
1 Mo. K & T 174 .
- SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
Sterling Exchange, sixty days.. — $4 82%
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 86\*
Sterling Exchange, cables J — 4 S7H
New York Exchange, sight — O7V»
New Tork Exchange, telegraphic — 10
Silver, per ounce — 60%
Mexican Dollars .'.. 47 48
Exchange and Bullion.
PEACHES— Firm at 'M.@l%c for choice, 7=1
68Uc ior extra choice and OH@10>ic for fancy.
EVAPORATED APPLES— The market is
quiet under continued light demand. Common.
4@5c: prime. 5U@3*4 C : choice, 6@6ftc, and
fancy. 6?4®7c.
PRUNES— Are a little easier In tone, with
offerings of coast more liberal. Quotations.
3<4@7c for all (Trades.
APRICOTS — Are in .fair demand and un
changed at 9fc©O3ic flbr choice, 10<glOW[C for
extra choice- and HQllHe for fancy.
ber. 5.00@5.05c; March. 5.25$5.30c; May. 5.45
65.50c; July. 5.65ig5.60c. '
SUGAR— Raw. firm; refined, steady.
¦ DRIED FRUITS.
CORDAGE — The local company quotes as
follows 60 days or '-j per c«nt discount fyr
cash, no sales under 10.000 Iba: Manila. 14^c;
Sisal, lie; Duplex. 10c; Bale Rope. IHJUVjo
per lb.
COFFEE — Co«ta Rica — 12mit3c for strtctly
prime to fancy washed, ll'-irj.- for prim-*
washed. lOVtftlO^c for good washed. »«- 2^
ll> a c for rood to pri:ne washed peab«rry. SS
j.j'ji.c lor good to prime peab«rry. 8^@10c for
good to prime. 7<g»c for fair. 4"8<%ic for com
mon to ordinary. Salvador — lltM2e nominal
for strictly prime washed. sijtri'Hje for goo-1
to prtme washed. 7^fcSc for fair washed. t>f»
10»jC for fair to prime washed peab«rr.> .
7%*#SV»c for good to prime semi-washsd. 7 1 **
Sc for superior unwashed. 737«-»c for jf>i
green unwashtU. 7*i8 1 *c for good to superior
unwashed peaberry. 4«0c for inferior to «r
dinary. Nicaragua— ll^QKic nominal tnr
prime to fancy washed. >@lCc nominal for
fair to strictly good washed. 6*l<87i»c for
good to superior unwashed. 7<^e«c for good ta
prime unwashed peaberry. Guatemala anl
Mexican tXHOlSc nominal for fancy wash*!.
Ill] 13c for prime to strictly prime washed.
»v«*in*sf for strictly gooO washed. 9'S9 1 jC for
good washed 7Ht?34c for fair washed. *97*»a
for mcilum. iQfc for inferior to ordinarr.
SW«J10Sc for fair to prtme unwashed pea
berrv 7 v »S>*c fcr good to prime unwashed p«a
berrV ;&-<«€ nominal for good to superior un
washed B073afl for ash-damaged.
LKATHER--s*ole. heavy. 20«93c: Og»
heav'y 3o|^Oc per lb; HMdlun RWfc: light.
"IfiCec: Rough Leather. 2ft92Sc: -Bwmm
Lelth«r heavy. 33«39c for No. 1 and 30e»c
"r No 2- m«dmmVS0(837c: light. 29tf*.V;
Skirting. No. 1. 404242c; No. 2. 8*©38c; Collar
Leatne'. 15.»Mc per foot: Trac* L«ath« 4ck»
44.-; Kip. unfinished, 40«f5Oc p*r IS: Veal, fln
la&ed aW per lb; Calf. ttnUhed. OcQI 1 P**
lb- Wax sides. l*317c per foot; Belt Knif*
Splits. 141M6c; Rough Splits. 8«10e per IS.
TANBARK— Ground. $20«C3 per ton: stick.
$1 O?tt-iYrd°ail is lower. Unseed. 43c fcr
boiled and 47c for raw m barrels; c *» e «._~
more; Castor Oil. In cases. No. 1, 70c; Fa
kers' AA. $1 10«l 12: Lucol. 44c for botlei
and 42c for raw in barrels: Lard Oil. ex^r*
winter atralned. barrels. 83c: case*. 90c: Ch.na
Nut, 55@70c per gallon: pure Neatsfoot. ir
barrels?7.V; cases. <»0c: Sperm, pure. 75c;
Whale Oil. natural white. S0<855<3 per gaUon:
Fish Oil. in barrels. 45c: ca*»s. 60c: CocoanMt
Oil. in barrels. 63c for C»ylon and 55c for Ans-
COAL OIL— Water White Coal Oil In bulk.
14Hc; Pearl Oil in cas«s, 21c; Astral. 21-:
Star 21c; Extra Star. 2-Vr; Elaln*. 27c: Eoc«n«.
2+^- d»«dor!ze«i Stove Gasoline, in bulk. t»e;
In cases 234c: Benzine, in bulk. 13c; In cases.
19* a r; Se-degre* Gaaolin*. In balk. 21e; In
cases. 27J^c.
TURPENTINE— SO? r*r gallon in cases and
74c in drums and lrrn barrels.
RED AND 'WHITE LEAD— Red Lead. «*»»
7c per Ib: White I>»ad. 6H < 5 > 7c. according to
quantity.
QUICKSILVER— $44ff45 f?r local W ami
$42 50f?43 50 per fiaak for expert.
SALT— The Amalgamated Salt Company
quotes as follows: Genuine Liverpool. $14^1 «:
Bales, common. $1 65: Dairy, per ton. $12 5*V
Half Ground. $« 75«1O 23: Reck 8alt. $* 6^9
» 75: Imitation Liverpool. 112 50^13 23; Gran
ulated. *12 SO«13 25 per ton.
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quote* as follows, per lb. in 100-lb ba**:
Cubes A Crushed a.M Fln<» Crashed. S.Mo;
Powdered. 5.70o; Candy Granulated. 5.70c; Dtv
Granulated, fine &.<Kte; Dry Granulated, coar*.
5.fi0c: Fruit Granulated. 5.«0c; B«et Oranu
lated ilCO-lb bairs only). 3.4.V:: Confectioner*'
A 5.6Or: Magnolia A. 3.20c: Extra C. 5.10c:
¦ 5old'.n C. 5c: "D." 4.80c; barrels. 10c mor»:
half barrels. 25c mor*: bex»s. 50e more; 30-lv»
b*gsi. 10c more for all kinds. Tablets — Hal?
barrels 6.10e: boxes. «.35c per lb. No order*
taken for less than seventy-five barrels or it*
equivalent.
LUMBER — Pine, ordinary aivtr. «l*ai»: ex
tra sizes, hlcher; Redwood, *19<9C3: t-ath. *
feet $.T 73: Pickets. 322fi2. < »: Shingles. $2 33 f"r
No 1 and $1 75 for No. 2: Shakes. $lf for *T>"t
an<i $15 f«r Mwn: Rystip. $40*42.
MACKEREL— Another car is in. *»Hlns: ar
$254X50 in barrels and flO 5(MTt2 in h*lf bar
rels.
Coke. $11 30313 per ton la bu'.V and $13 *a
sacks; Rocky Mountain descriptiona. $S 45 p-t
2CC0 lbs and $S 50 per ton. accordlEg to brand.
PACIFIC CODFISH- Bundles, per lb. 4',c.
cases, regular, 5c; cases, extra, larg* t\*;
Eastern style Gc; bonoleu, Cc: "Norway."
«c; "Narrow Gauge." «Hc; "Silver King."
74c; blocks •Oriental." 6c: blocka. S<»abrig!ir.
6 He; pickied Cod. bbls. $7 6u; pickled Coi.
half bbls. *4 75.
Hops ar-» off again and quiet at the decline.
Dealers give no reason for tne decline except
that the supply is larger than th# demand at
present. Buyers are indifferent and growers
are more willing: to meet them, though some
are still very firm and refuse to let go under
the a skint: prices of two Or three weeks ago.
Hide's continue quiet, both here and in the
East but prices show no change.
HIDES AND SKINS — Culls and brands sell
about H«c under quotations. .-feavy Salted
Steers. 9>«c: medium. 8%c; light, Sc; Cow
Hides 8c for heavy and Sc for light; Stags,
6c: Salted Kiiv S'ic; Salted Veal. 9>^c;
Salted Ctolf. 10c: dry Hides. 15t£15*ic: dry Kip.
IScj dry Calf. 17c; Sheepskins, shearlings. 25*3
30c each- short wool, 4(K<i5©c each: medtum. 70
e$WV; long wool. $l<gl 5O each: Horse Hides,
salt $2 75 for large and $2®2 50 for medium.
$1 25tfl 7."i for small and 50c for Colts; Horsa
Hides, dry. $t 75 for large and *1 •» for me
dium $1©1 25 for small and 50c for Colt?.
Buck' Skln»--Dry Mexican. 32'4c: dry salted
Mexican. 2Cc; dry Central American. 32'-ic.
Goat Skins — Prime An*ora.«. 75<-; large and
smooth BOcj medium. 33c; »m«l!, 20c.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered, 4S3-4"ic per lb;
No. 2. 4fMVjc: rrease. 2^^3c.
WOOL— Fall clip — Pan Joaquin Lambs . Pa
lie: Middle County, 11912c; Northern Free,
Il«l2c- Northern Defective, lOigllc; Hum
boldt and Mendoclno. 121p4c: Nevada. \2®15<*;
Oregon, fine. lfrgiOc; Oregon. meJlum. 17c
20<823c per lb for California and 20©
23c for Oregon.
Wool is en*y and quiet at the revised prices
already noted, with sufficient on hand to meet
current needj.
Hides] Tallow, Wool and Hops.
Th* demand for cured m»ats anl barreled
goods U fair at steady prices, but Lard is
weaker and dull. Otherwise there is nothing
new. The Western markets are well supplied
with all descriptions, and as the supply of
Hosts haa largely increased during: the past
few weeks there Is no indication of a shortage
In anything.
CURED MEATS— Bacon. 124> Per lb for
heavy. 13c for light medium, 13c for light.
15»4c for extra light. 13 4c for sugar-cured and
10c for extra surar-cured ; Eastern sugar
cured H;m*. ir.M.©15*ic; California Hams. 15
Gir»Vic; Mess Beef. $11 SO per bbl; extra Mess.
$12'al2 60: Family. $I3ffl3 ?O; prim* Mess
Pork $19: extra clear. 52.">: M»»r $2O; I>ry
?alt(Hl Pork. 124c: Pig Pork. $29; Fl?s' Feet.
$5 25; Smoke-J Beef, 15c per lb.
LARD — Tierces quotM at 7* A e eer lb for
compound and tt&c for pure; half barrels,
pure. 10c; lO-lb tins, 10»jc; &-ib tins. lO^Sc;
3-lb tins. 10»Jc.
• TDTTOLENE — One half barrel. 0%c: thre>»
half barrel, 94c; one tierce. 9?»c; two tierces.
9' 4 c; five tierces, 9ftc P« r l h -
Proz'isions.
NUTS— Walnuts, No. 1 softshell. 13#c; No.
2. ll\r>r; No. 1 hardshell. 13c; No. 2, lie;
Almonds, lie for Nonpareils, 104c for 1 X U
10i t c for Ne Pins Ultra* and S»ic for Langue
doo; Peanutt. C«7c for Eastern; fecans. llU
13c: Coeoanuts. *4 50@3: California Chestnuts'.
1O012HC for small and 15<31?4e per lb for
lar^e.
HONEY— Comb. new. 12U@134e for white
and 9511c for amber; new water whit* ex
tracted, 54064c; light amber extracted. 5c;
dark. 34"344c.
BEESWAX— 27fli25>c.
RAISINS— Following ar» prices fre» on
board to common shipping points: Imperial
clusters. M per 20-lb box; Deheua clusters.
$2 50: fancy clusters. $2: 3-crown London Lay
ers. $1 55; 2-crown London Layers. $1 45; 4
crown standard loose Muscatels. t>~i©7c per
lb: 3-crown standard loose Muscatels. 649
«4c; 2-crown standard MuscateU. <H?6Vc:
See<iless Muscatels. 5c; Seedless Muscatel?,
floated. 5Jic; Seediest standard Sultanas. 5c:
Thompson Seedless standard. 6c lh» follow
ing quotations on seeded ar» for a limited
quantity only: Fancy. 16 ounces per lb, 7*ic:
fancy. 12 ounces per package. «*iie: choice. IS
ounces per Ib. 7Uc: choice. 12 ounces per pack
age C>«c; fancv. bulk, per lb, 74c: choice,
bulk per lb, 7Hc.
NEW FRUIT— Apricots. 7$9Uc for Royals
»n«l &{Z11c for Moorparks; Evaporated Apples.
44£6i$e: sun-dried. Z^ t §4e: Peach's. 5#7e;
Pears OfflO^; Nectarines. 4$J54c: Fl^s. whlt«.
4@4$;o in boxes: Plums, pitted. 5@«3 per lb.
PRUNES— ma crop. 2?itT3V*c tor the four
sizes.
The- local trade report the situation un
charted all along the line. Th* demand for
all Fruits. Raisins and Nuts is steady and
prices rule firm.
Dried Fruits ¦Jtfuts, Raisins, Honey
QUINCES — tiXgfiO per box.
FIGS — 35-550C for drawers. $lffl 50 for dou
ble layer boxes and $2 50 for large boxes from
the. river.
PEACHES— 75«?{*V per box.
POMEGRANATES — 59973c for small boxes
and $1 25<K2 fcr large.
GRAPES— Isabella. 6Of65c rer crate; Corni
chon, 6O#75e per crate; other varieties. 30^
40c for small boxes. 50@65c for crates and
75c£$l 25 for large open boxes: Wine Grapes.
$l$ir22 per ton for Zinfandel. $15918 for Mis
sion and $12igl5 for White and Tokay.
MELONS — Cantaloupes. $1^1 75 per crate;
Nutmeg Melons. 4O@75c per box: Watermelons.
5<£15c each.
CITRUS FRUITS— Oranges, $2 50©3 for
fancy Valencia*, $2®2 50 for choice and $1©
1 50 for standard: Lemons. $133 per box:
Grape Fruit. $1 MNg2 50: Mexican Limes. $4®
4 CO; Banana*. $1®1 75 r>er bunch for Ha
'wallan and $2 75-33 50 for Central American:
Pineapple*. $21*3 per dozen.
PKARS— Bailletts. $101 ?5; winter varU
tles, 40@75c per box for common and $11?1 25
for Winter Nellls.
of a few small consignments from Santa Clara.
which cleaned up quickly at good prices. FIks
arrived freely from Stockton and offerings in
ordinary packages were selling at a wid<*
range, according to size of package. Canta
loupes and Nutmeg Melons were in light re
ceipt and sold fairly well at steady prices,
while Watermelons wer« neglected. Stocks of
Apples were large and the movement was con
fined chiefly. to fancy stock of th« Spltzenber*
and Bellflower varieties. The former were
steady at the maximum quotation, while »1
was the ruling price for the latter. The other
tree fruits stood as previously quoted.
Strawberries and Raspberries arrived freely
and prices had but slight variation. Fresh ar
rivals of Cranberries are selling at an ad
vance, while old atock was being offered freely
at the previously quoted rate*. The movement
is very light.
STRAWBERRIES — Longworths. $&07 per
chest; large berries. $1 50t?3 for Malindas and
$-t*/."i for the other varieties.
RASPBERRIES— $3 5«H>.
HUCKLEBERRIES — 7&8c per Ib.
CRANBERRIES— Cape Cod. $8 50©9 50 per
bbl; Coos Bay. $2 60®3 per box.
APPLES— $l@l 25 per box for fancy. 50®
85c for good to choice and 25®40c for com
mon.
THE SAN FBANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY. OCTOBER 14, 1903.
LOCAL MARKETS.
STOCK MARKET.
St. Louis Wool Market.
ST. LOUIS, Oct. 13.— WOOL— Steady. Me
dium grades, combing and clothing. I7@21c;'
light fine. 15©174c; heavy fine, 12@144c; tub
washed, 20030c.
Northern Business.
'SEATTLE. Oct. 13.— Clearings. $$SS,3M; bal
ances, $102,709.
PORTLAND. Oct. 13.— Clearings, $SS3.8S2;
balances. $174,0*1.
TACOMA. Oct. 13.— Clearings. $357,900; bal
ancec. $35,605.
SPOKANE. Oct. 13.— Clearings, $532,834;
balances. $42,212.
OREGON".
PORTLAND, Oct. 13.— WHEAT— Walla Wal
la, 74c; blu« stem, 78c; valley. 7t$@77c.
Northern Wheat Market.
WASHINGTON
TACOMA. Oct. 1.1.— WHEAT— Unchanged;
blue stem t 79c; club, 85c£j
Nczv York Grain and Produce.
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
11THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, OCTOBER 14, 1903. —
12
_ HELP TV ANTED FEMALE— Cob.
6EWINQ MACHINE OPERATORS AXD RIV-
ETERS: NO EXPERIENCE NECESSARY:
PAID SALARY. LEV! STRAUSS & CO.'S
FACTORIES. 32H FREMONT ST. AND 1873
MISSION. NEAR FIFTEENTH.
A GOOD vest operator wanted; only those who
are nrst-class need apply: a steady position
Is guaranteed, with union hours and union
wages. Apply I- THOMAS, foreman vest
department, S. N. WOOD _ CO.'S faotory,
27 Geary st.
GIRLS about 15 for factory work: good wages.
Apply tt once. AMES & HARRIS. 100 Sao-
ramento at.
GIRLS wanted — Box department Mutual Label
and Lltho Co., Second and Bryant sts.;
Bryant-st. entrance.
GIRL for email family; housework end cooking.
1047 Powell St., after 9 a. m.
FINISHER on pants; aleo apprentice, paid
while learning. 410 Kearny, r. 32. top floor.
SKIRT and coat hands; aleo shopper and stock
girl. MULRONEY. 110 Geary st.
2 LADIES of good address to represent a high-
grade magazine. 69 Columbian .bldg., city.
FIRST-CLASS stenographers furnished. Miss
M. G. Barrett, instructor, 302 Montgomery.
WANTED — First-class waist, skirt and coat
hands and errand Rlrl. J. BAER, 1200 Geary.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1006
Valencia st.
A— PACIFIC EMPLOYMENT AGENCY.
520 SACRAMENTO ST. 520
Phone Main 1191. Cor. Leldesdorff st
STEAMER SAILS TO-MORROW A. M.,
and this Is the last shipment to
ASTORIA. OREGON— NEAR PORTLAND.
FEE $1 — FARE $3 — FEE $1.
NO DISCOUNT— COMPANY WORK,
75 laborers, $51 and found; 23 rockmen, $53
and found; go to Astoria.
WILLITS— UKIAH ROUTE— FREE FARE.
CHICO— DIAMOND MATCH CO'S WORK—
HALF FARE — FEE $1.
35 teamsters, laborers, rockmen, tunnelmen,
$2 25 to $2 75 day.
Wagonnmker, !* nours country. $3 day.
5 miners. 8 hours, north. $90; 5 muckers,
north. $75.
16 laborers; you'll do; part fare paid: south,
20 laborers manufacturing company, near
city. $1 25 fare, $2 10 to $2 40 day.
150 men different sawmills, yards, woods.
NEW BOX FACTORY — BOSS HERB.
Edgerman. planerman. cut-off man, band
•resaw man. box printer, young men as
roustabouts, etc.; lumber pliers. $2 50 day, :
board where you please.
4 miners. $75; 2 muckers. $07 50, same mine.
X south: dishwasher, camp, free fare. $30 fd.
300 men chop wood, cut tics, stave and
shingle bolts, etc.. all over State.
Foreman, extra gang S. P. R. K. Co., south.
$3 day. boss here. • _
Cook, small country hotel, north, boss her«,
$50 found: old man. look after ranch.
OREGON— COAL MINERS— OREGON.
20 coal miners, free fare, $1 ton.
5 scraper teamsters with own teams. $3 50
day and found: see boss here.
10 laborers private railroad near city, fee
$1 long Job. $2 day; waiters, dishwashers,
etc • call and see us; read oul- bulletin
boards; also get a free list of Jobs at PA-
CIFIC EMPLOYMENT AGENCY, 620 Sac-
ramento st. m
WAITER and Indoor servant, $35 and found;
ranch cook and choreman. $25 and found;
cook and wife. $W) and f ound ;' porter and
wife for cook, small country hotel, $50 and
found; man about place and wife cook for
resort $50 to $70: 2 waiters, country hotels,
$30. and other*. J. F. CROSETT & CO.. C2S
Sacramento st^
WASHER, country laundry, $50 and board;
coachman and wife. $CO; man about place,
$30; ranch teamster. $35 and fare refunded;
Black work coopers; married man to care
for place $35: married vlneyardlst on shares;
can wa3her. $40 to $»>0; boy for planlnt mill.
$1 day; office boy; woodchoppers, $1 .to and
$2 cord, and many others. J. F. CROSETT
6 CO., 62S Sacramento st.
WANTED — Coachman and wife for family In
city $30; man and wife for country resort,
•mall hotel. $50 to $70; porter and wife for
country hotel. $30; man and wife for fruit
ranch. $C<». Apply to J. F. CROSETT &
CO., 334 Sutter st. ;
AT THE CAL. EMPLOYMENT AGENCY.
5U Third st., near Call bldg: phone Bush 405
FREE FARE.
NEVADA NEVADA.
Reno. Golconda and Ryndon.
100 laborers', $2 a day; S. P. It. Co.'s own
FREE FARE.
«• OREGON COAL MINES.
FARE ADVANCED.
8 coal miners, 0-foot vein; $1 a ton; ship
to-day.
4 laborers, city, 0 hours, $2 25.
4 men for rock quarry. $2 25 a day.
CAL. EMP. AGENCY, 50 Third st.
AT S F. Employment Bureau. 17 Fourth st. —
Reno Nevada, free, fare, ship to-day; free
fare to all points in Utah, ship now; we ehip
every day to El Dorado Ccunty; laborers,
rough carpenters, teamsters, lumber pliers,
timber fellers, etc.: dishwasher, city, easy
place. $15 and found; laborers and rockmen.
city, $2 to $2 50 day: 4 bollermakers' help-
ers, ' free fare. San Francisco Employment
Bureau. 17 Fourth gt.
AND.RE'S office, 317 Stockton st. — Groom, who
can milk cows, private place, $30; gardener
and do chores, $25; waiter for private place.
$."50: waiter. $45; pantryman. $30; young man
to help in restaurant. $25; restaurant butch-
er, $55; dishwasher for hotel, country. $23;
etc.
A^-HOTEL GAZETTE, 20 Montgomery, r. 12.
C Steward, $00; assistant baker. $40.
WANTED— -For U. S. army/ able-bodied. -un-
married men, between ages of 21 and 35, citi-
zens of Unite/ States of good character and
temperate habits, who can speak, read and
write English. For Information apply to Re-
cruiting Officer. Rlalto building. New Mont-
gomery st., San Francisco, or Masonic build-
ing, Sacramento, Cal.
WANTED — Thoroughly competent carpet and
shado man for Arirona; must be good on bor-
dered goods and understand cutting and lay-
lng. . Address box "03, .Call office.
WANTED — E-perlenced mechanical and ar-
chitectural draughtsmen; good Inducements
to first-class men. Apply 21G Bush St., en-
gineering department.
TRY our men's shoes, union made, at $1 and
$1 50 per pair, foot-form shoes at $2 50. or
orthopedic *hoes, $3 50;best shoes on earth. 11.
Third St.. Exam, bldg.. 5 doors from Market.
WANTED — Young man who Is an experienced
dry goods wrapper. Apply between 9 and
11 a. m. at HALE BROS*.
FIRST-CLASS Janitor; must be able to go on
Tiigh ladder and clean glass. Apply Superln-
tendent's office, Emporium.
BARBER shop for sale; 2 chairs; Income $35
week up; good location; transient trade. C.
DANIS. CSS Folsom st.
UNION barber wanted; steady: Wednesday
p V 1k Saturday U °' cl °c k -nd Sunday, lflltf
FOR sale— Barber shop. 3 chairs; in lively
country town; price $100. WILL A FINCK.
barber supply department. 21 O'Farrell st.
TRY our men's shoes, union made, at $1 and
$1 50 pair; foot-form shoes at $2 K0; ve pay
express or mall chrgs. 11 3d st.. Exam, bid.
WANTED— A young man stenographer: state
salary. Box 4404. Call office.
WANTED— Collar rubbers; good wages. Apply
; Cascade Laundry, 175 Tenth st.
HOUSES TO LET. ft,
A—PRIXTED list of houses to let; sanrl for cir-
cular. G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montsimery.
A— HOUSES and fiats to let; an lmm-n-e list:
service absolutely tree; take advantage of
this department: it wili save you time a:vl
trouble. Cordos Furniture Co.. 2;3-i'5J Geary
st.. on the square.
BEFORE moving get our pfcnted list of hou;.e-
to let. BALDWIN & HOWELL. 25 P.*t at.
OAK. 410— Elfg.-xntJyifurnlshed house: 10 sunny
rooms. 2 tathj. large g-iden; grand view.
HOUSES FL'RNISHKU FOB SALE.
CHEAP furniture cf 6-room house; 3 rooms
pay rent. 4H7 M!nna »t.
HORSES AND WACO~S.
HARNESS and saddles, the best for the money.
at JEPPEN BKOS CO . inc.. th» bis store.
1140-1147 Market at.. San Francisco.
CART, $10; buggy. $13;' 'wagon. 523; two-
seated buggy. *.b; horse. $10; saddle. $7 30.
70 City Hall ave.
FOR SALE — Express wagon anJ tcajn. C»ll
cigar store. _CO Townsend st.
GRAY mare. 12 years old: works single or
double; weight 12C0; fcr $:^i. Ci3 Post st.
MUST be sold at a eaorlflce- 5 good horses. _2t
Sixth gt.
Al EXPRESS wagon light camping wagon and
gocart for sale cheap. 532 Mission St.
Largest assortmt 2-hand Vfajons. buck^'d. sur-
rey, harness, work. driving horses. 13th- Valencia
LOST AND FOl>D.
LOST — A pass book with the Hlbernia Savings
and Loan Society of San Francisco, tn th«
r.ame ut FREDERICK and AUGUST «\
O'NEILL. No. 2ta-44U. Tha under «».l\
please return to bank.
IF ths party who found the two liver ai'.d
white pointer dogs at Haden on Sunday will
kindly return the eame to 3.>3 Harriet «t.
will receive reward.
LOST — Lady's watch and fob. between Third
and Seventh, on Market or Taylnr sts; In-
itials I* M. S. on caj?e. Return to 7^73
Howard St.; reward.
LOST — Bunch of Keys containing steel key No.
8C». Return 129 OFarrell St.; reward.
LOST— Gold watch, with the Initials I. S. ; $10
reward. 19CO Uryant st., cor. Eighteenth. "
IT will pay to "Remember" tjiat the California
Watch Case Co.. 220 Sutqer «t.. needs old
gold end sliver to make new watch ca^ea.
MILLINERY.
LADIES^ — 200 stylish huts to select from; leis*
•old must vacate February 1. 1904: sav»
money by calling on MME. DOSCII. 207 Post.
JIISCELLAXEOIS FOK SALE.
BOILERS engine*. 2d-hand machinery. MdN-
TOSH & WOLPMAN, 195-197 Fremont st.
DOES YOUR ROOF LEAK?
Repair it with elaterlte ; In rolls «asy to larj
needs no paintlns or coating: good over ola
Iron tin or shingles; belt for new roofs.
ELATERITE ROOFING CO.. 713 Market st.
2D-HAND machinery, hellers, engines, pumps,
pulleys, shafting, etc.. etc., bought, sold,
rented and exchanger!; see Sunday papers.
11. S. WHITE M'CH'Y CO.. 130-132 Beale st.
EDISON & MELLUS star moving picture
films same as nt-.v. less than one-hair cost;
10CO feet to select from. Novelty Theater.
Oakland. Cal. |
A— Fine ru.ts. $7 30; dress pants. $2 3i>. Origl-|
nal Misfit Clothlcg Parlors. 2-1S Kearny st.,
near Bush; open to 0 p. m. Sunday to rooa.
A— $C 50 DERBY and Fedora hats. $1 75. Pop.^
tilar Price Hatters. 330 Kearny st.. n»a»
Pine: open till 9 p. m. Sunday to noon.
A— BUYS. s?ll8 or rents gear machinery, en-
gines boilers water pipe shafting, pulleys,
etc. WHITELAW. 2M--55 Spear st.
FOR sale — Several trad* forest reserve at
*4 75 per acre; good title. II. A. COWAN.
110 South Kroaciway. Los Angeles. c a j. __
TRY our men's shoes at $1 and $1 T>0 pair;
foot-form shots at $2 50: we pay expre«*
charges. 11 3<1 st.. Exam, bid.; catalc?. free.
! OXE pair solitaire diamond ear screws; $273.
j At W. J. H_3TBALT8. 10 Sixth st. j__
j FOR SALE— Self-ad.lir.K cash register. $r£.
! 320 Railroad ave. south.
j 3, »i AND 10 hp. gasoline engines; 2il-hand: (U>
I Size3. Bfffc E. P. DECK & CO.. »_-' B-W
BEST Burhar.k potatoes. ?1 23 the sack, de-
livered: phone Grant 70; write, call; 113 Mitt.
NEW and ye-nn<! hand machinery of all klndj.
KEOGH MNFG CO.. 510 Market !>t.
SAFES — New and second-hand. THE HER-
MANN t?AFE CO.. 417-42:; Sacramento st.
MOVING pictures, magic lantern*. *ale, rental;
bargains. Bullard & BWdfc 131 Post st. '
MILES of pipe and fittings; all nizes. EU-
GENE R1LEY & SONS. ICO Vallejo St.
MOVING picture fl!m and sons slides. 109
Montgomery ec
SAFES — New ami «eeond-hand. E. B. BECK
& CO., 122 Market ft.
All bargains :camp stools and chairs ;ham rr locks,
metal beds.mattre«tsies.J.F.Hotter, 712 Mission. »
Edison phonographs, records, supplies, movtnt I
picture machines, films'. Bacigalupl. 933 Mitt. •*
GASOLINE engines, automobiles and launches;
all sizes. J. E. DOAK. 4<> Fremont at.
ASK *or prices on second-hand typewriters;*!!
> makes. ALEXANDER & CO.. 110 MontyWy.
MISCE LLAXEOCS WA~TS.
CALIFORNIA HOUSEWRECKING CO. '
Pays higher prices for buildings and take*
less time to wreck and remove. Office. NW.
cor. Mission and Tenth: phone Mint 3011.
WANTED — First-class sealskin coat: 36 or 38;
state price. Box 4402. Call.
f WANTED — To purchase or rent one in to 12
horsepower motor. 110 volu. Box 3473. CaU.
BOOKS and libraries bought. H. C. HOLME3,
1140 Market et. ; phone Jessie 3741. or postal.
TILTON wants good second-hand clothing and
theatrical goods. 154 9th st. : tel. Jessie 2851
A BIG price paid for sealskins: send postal.
25 Stockton at.: phone Bush 484.
MOXEYTO LOA.\.
AAA— HERMAN 5IUKPHY.
601-t>t)2-t;03 Examiner buU-l'.r.jr.
Quick settlements: no disappointment.
Save expense* by dealing directly.
Estates, 5«-ond mortgages, undivided Inter-
ests, afsigrimtnJs of rents, property In trust,
etc' legacies, life estates and undivided in-
terests in property purchased.
Courteous treatment. Strictly confldenttaU
- When You Need Money
See HERMAN MURPHY. i
ADVANCES on furniture and pianos without
removal; to permanent salaried people oa
t&eir note without security or knowledge of
employer; lowest rates; na commission. Na-
tional Credit Co «53 and t'J Donohoe build-
ing. 1170Marke£st^
INTEREST REDUCED TO 5 PER CENT.
DEAL DIKECT; SAVE EXPENSES. _
I will loan on 1st. 2d and ."d mortgages'. SA>A
FRANCISCO. OAKLAND. TOWN. COt>N-~t
" TRY PROPERTY anl REAL ESTATE la
probate: send full particulars of property; m>
answer otherwise. Box 24&8. Call office.
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL LOANS en fur-
niture, planes or to salarl^l people on rtvv «t
note; proper treatment guarantee!. ILLI-
NOIS TRUST CO., r. 16. Phelan h!d.. Market
and O'Farrell »ts.
PATRIOTS desiring President Roosevelt's Cali-
fornia speeches can have same sent to their
address by remitting 12 cents. V. THOMP-
SON. 231 Grant ave., San Francisco, Cal.
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry, at
lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store. N»t»
Market st. : tel. Main 1G41. Branch. l'J Thirl.
MONEY loaned to salaried people, retail m fr-
chams teamsters, boarair.g-licuses. without
security: e» s >' payments; largest business la
4G rrtncipal cities. Toiman. 653 Parrott bldg.
THE Open Credit Assn. make- advances to re-
sponsible salaried ptople, confidentially: new
and simple plan; easy Installments. Room
50. Academy of Sciences. S13 Market st.
A — 1 per cent on furniture or piano: no r«-n-.ov-
al. no commission, no publiclty;$23 up; quick,
private, confidential. 20 Mention: ery. rni. 7.
MUNICIPAL LOAN OFFICE. 101 Grant ave..
LOANS FROM $1 TO $10.000.
MONEY to loan on low interest: gold, sliver,
diamonds, pe&rls and precious stones bought
at W. J. HESTHAL'S. 10 Sixth st.
TO salaried people without «eccrlt>; on fur-
niture. Indorsed notes an;l other security.
S. F. Discount Agency. 14'J Pttetaa bMs.
ON furniture, piano; no removal. E. W. LICK.
1C0.1 Mutual Savinga Bank fcldg.. 70S Market.
MONEY leaned to salaried employes. G. V.'.
MILLER, room 74. Hfth fioor. Chronicle b'.rt^
3% ON furniture _ p!an~s; $13 up; no removal.
V. TREMA1N. room SI. 6 EJdy St.. floor 4."
ALL loans on diamonds and Jewelry 2 per cent .
mo. S. F. Collateral Loan Bank. 5T.8 Kea.rny.fr;
STAR Loan Co. of Wyoming loan- money t»
salaried employes. R.311, Mutual Sav.Rk.bM-
CASH loaned salaried pecple on notes without
Indorse-. ilORRELL. CC9 Examiacr bids
THE San Francisco Young Men's Christian
AMSocIation conducts a night school for men,
an enEineeriuK echool, an evening law school,
u working boys* night school and a day busi-
ness and academic schcol. Students have
gymnasium and other privileges. Apply at
Y. M O. A. building. Mason and Ellis sts.
SHORTHAND in 30 days; Boyd's Syllabic; no
ruled lines; no shading; nothing to confuse;
only U {characters; easily read; study by
iuu.ll; circulars, testimonials and first lesson
covering hi the courfe for two 2-cent stamps.
Chicago Correspondence Schools, Incorpo-
rated. t!2 National Life Bldg.. Chicago, 111.
HEALD'.SiBUSlN ESS COLLEGE, 24 Post. „
F. — Bookkeeping, shorthand, touch typing,
languages, telegraphy, • English branches;
day and night sessions; Illus. catalogue free.
HINMAK'S Academy; a thorough xchool of
dancing; established 20 years. 1412 Polk st.,
between Pine and California; both adult and
children's classes arc now open for the season.
AYRE.S. the leading business college, 723 Mar-
ket st. ; special summer course in all depart-
ments; handsome catalogue free; life scholar-
ship, $50; day and evening cessions.
CALIFORNIA Business College. 305 Larkln st.
"A thorough school"; positions secured for
graduates; modern methods; Individual In-
ttructlon. Write for illustrated catalogue.
THE Lyceum, an accredited preparatory school
for the university, law and medical colleges:
ref.. President Jordan or any Stanford pro-
feseori day, evening sessions. Phelan bldg.
A-SAN FRANCISCO Business College, 1238
Market et. — Practical, progressive, reliable;
day & evening sessions; write for catalogue.
HEALD'S School of Mines & Electrlclty.24 Post
et., S. F. ; a'practlcal echool of engineering;
complete equipment. Jfpecial catalogue free.
ENGINEERING — Civil, elec, mln.. raech., sur-
vey, assay, cyanide; day, eve.; est. 18tt4. Van
der Naillen School, 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
DANCING Tuesday, Thursday, Saturday and
Sunday evenings at Veutonia Hall, Howard
et.. near Ninth; management Prof. Foster.
SPANISH. Frt-nch,etc.Prof.DeFiHpp«'f> Academy
of I_nguager.32O Post ;estab'd 1S71: ablest profs.
GOLDEN Gate Com'l College.. 530 Golden Gate
ave.; full business course; day and evening.
SCHOOL OF ILLUSTRATION. Day and
PARTINGTON'S. 424 Pine st... Night class.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar. writing.
etc.: <iav nr eve : SH mo in?' Vl««lnn.nr fith.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
GEORGE^AOKir^l Poet St.; tel. Bush 135-^
Japanese-Chinese employment office; fur-
nishes best help: contracts for farm help, etc.
IF you want Japanese help, advertise in The
New World. Japanese daily paper. 303 Geary, i
A— ORPHF.UM Employment Office — Japanese-
Chinese helo. 42C Powell. Tel. Main 3752.
A— GRAND Japanese-Chinese Emp. Office. 415
Stockton: tel. Grant ltW; expert, reliable help.
CHINESE Employment Office — Best help at I
Leon Seung's. 411 H O'Farrell; tel. East 42ft.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of- :
Hce; all kinds help. 315 Stockton: Main 31HS.
CHINESE and Japanese hflp; estab. 20 years.
Tel. Main H>97. BRADLEY & CO.. 640 Clay.
IiMPLOVMEXT WANTED FEMALE.
RESPECTABLE young woman want» upstairs
work and plain sewlne In private family;
wages $25. Address MISS MATTIE, 1103
Van Nee* ave.
A YOUNG German girl wishes to do Hsht
housework: no children; wages $15 a month.
C25 Shotwell St.. rear.
BY 3 young lady in business office; sten-
ographer and has knowledge of bookkeeping.
Box 44C5. Call.
WOMAN warts work by the day, washing,
ironlnp, houfc:le_ning; $1 50 per day. MILS.
EIEBOLD, 2C<P<. Ritch St.. In r«ar.
•WANTED — A position as working housekeeper
to jrentleman with children or attend an In-
valid. 31 Eleventh st. ; phone Jessie 3»01 :
A GERMAN girl would like a place to take
care of children or do second work. Call at
::il.-> Seventeenth et^ _,
A GOOD cix-k wishes a rituatlon in! a small
family. 477 Jessie St.. near Sixth.
WOMAN wants work by the day; washing,
ironing, cleaning, etc. HtJA Eighth st.
POSITION wanted; good cook; reference. ;
2-07 '4 Pine st.
YOUNG woman wishes work by the day wash-
ing and cltaning. Call 1U05 Mission Bt.
WANTED — Position as governess by an edu-
cated, exyt-rienced and cultured young
woman havlnt had normal training and
holding kindergarten diploma. Box 4108. Call.
WINIFRED PHILLIPS, trained nurse, room
107. Hotel Netherland, 18 Turk Bt.; phone
Private Exchange C14. __^
TWO girls wish homelike places for house-
work. S Olive court, off. Union st.
JAPANESE girl wants a gcod position as
first-class cook; ?3j up a month; have refer-
ences. SUMI, Ml Sacramento st.
EMPLOYMENT AVAXTED--MALK.
SITUATION wanted by reliable young man;
well educated and has business experience
and knowledge of bookkeeping; references
last place. Box 3477. Call office. ;
WANTED — By young man, 2C, position In
wholesale house where there will be a fu-
ture; strong, sober and willing to work. Box
3478. Call office.
GARDENER — First-class, up-to-date, 7 years*
practice as head gardener in large private
jilnce. wants position; good, worker; beat ref-
erences; single. Box 706, Call office.
YOUNG man, student, wants inside work fore-
noon for board and room. Address S. LEE,
New Manchester, Sixth Bt., room 14.
YOUNG man, age 28, sober and steady, de-
sires work at anything. Address ALEX
McDL'FF, 259 Minna st.
ENGINEER and machinist wants position;
sober and experienced. Br.x 707, Call office.
LAUNDRYMAN wants work; city or country;
all-round man. Box 709, Call office.
BARTENDER desires position: good, reliable,
trustworthy man. Apply box 3480. Call. ;
MARRIED man wants position as electrician
end general mechanical work on gentleman's
place; 5 years last place.; 1000 lights, storage
batteries, dynamoe,«i and motors. It. GRIM-
WOOD. Brooklyn ave.. East Oakland, Cal.
PHOTO operator, retoucher and air -brush art-
ist from New York desires position. Address
4fc5(j. Call office.
YOUNG business man of this city wishes out-
door position, collector, etc.; references;
lxndi, or cash security; any amount. Box
_3470. Call office.
t MAN and wife want positions on ranch; man
able to i-enrMe ranch cr stock farm; wife good
cook. Address box K3C. Call office. Oakland.
GROCERY clerk. 17 years of age, 4 months'
experience, wishes steady position in retail
Box 3474. Call office.
YOUNG married man would like position as as-
sistant in office; good references. Box 4401.
Call office.
WANTED — A position as watchman or ship-
k*cper on :i vessel. Address F. FORD, 11)16
Eleventh ave.. East Oakland, Cal.
FIRST-CLASS cake baker and pastry cook
wants position; city or country. Address box
4134. Call office.
A YOUNG Japanese wishes a position as an
apprentice in a photocraphfc studio; ha«
much experience; moderate wages. T M \-
TOI. C35 Jessie at.
JAPANESE wants situation In country un-
derstands milking cows, driving horses
farming, gardening. etc. S. KATOH, 20
Lewis place, San Francisco.
GOOD Japanese boy wants position as school -
boy in city. Address H. FUKAMI, 110
Golden Gate ave.
JAPANESE boy, gentle and honest, wishes po-
sition as a schoolboy. Y. TOKAMOTO, 423
Stevenson St.
JAPANESE boy desires situation as school-
boy in city; speaks English well. Call or
address Y. SEKI, S10% Stockton St., S. F.
"WANTED — A position to do cooking In a prN
vate family or boardinp-house by a China boy
CllON'O WING. 902 Clay st. room 3. .
CHINESE first-cla&s cook wants position:
boarding house, hotel or restaurant. 33
Wcvcrly r'.me.
CHINESE cook; small family In city, H. S.T
Mrj Dupont st.
JAPANESE honest boy wants situation to do
cooking. Call at SX2 Clay st., rear. Oakland.
FINANCIAL.
4 PER CENT to 6 PER CENT HIGH GRADE
Municipal. School, Railroad and Corporation
Bonds. • .
Bank and Trust Company Stocks,
Selected for conservative investors.
Write for Information to
HEAZELTON A CO..
Stock and Bond Brokers.
Hayward Building,
San Francisco, Cal.
PARTY will sell a limited number of shares
I of stock in a private manufacturing corpor-
ation doing a good business. Address box
3472. Call office. .
FLATS FOR SALE—FDRMS 1 1 __I
NEATLY furnished flat of 0 rooms and bath-
party leavlngNcity: will sell at a bargain;
rent reasonable. 802% Folsom st.
FOR sale — 4 comfortably furnished rooms; flat
to let. Apply 1019 Dolores st., near Twenty-
ninth, between 1 and 3 o. m.
j ATTORNEY-AT-LAW — Continued.
LERNEST PHILLIPS and CHARLES GT'S-
TAVL'S ADAMS have formed a copartner:- hip
for the practice of law under the tlrm name
I of Phillips & Adanii, with offices Bt 11-2 Co-
lumbian building. MO Market tt.. San Kr.nn-
I Cisco. Cal.
ROBT. W. KING, atty-at-law. Examiner bid..
! rorra 811: ail cases, damages, catatts. wills.
I attachments, collections, etc.; <unsu.tat.on
1 free- no advance charges; ca!l or v.riie;
; -veninc* by appointment. Tel, tied 3001.
i DIVORCE— Costs. 512: quick, quiet; open even-
! ings. 1)27 Market bt.. room 301. __^
A.~ ?.r~EWING— Attcrney-at- law. Room C12.
Parrott bldr-
L~S CLARK. Emma Spreckels bldg.. 027 Mar-
kft St.: ( • -saltation free; no fees in advance.
AITKHN & A1TKEN. attorneys, rs. 200-10-U.
rhirie Mdg.. 503 California st.; tel. Main «2i.
! ADVICE free; no charge unless successful; all
!aw business. W. W. Davidson. 1)27 Market.
nVSJNESS CHAXCES.
$3000— BUSINESS pays annual proflt of $4000,
or h_:f interest for SlV»0 to good, honest
man; in country. Address CHAS. SHARP,
Hanford. Cal.
I COFFEE find lunch ilnee do'.njr good business; |
located In wholesale district: proprietor leav-
ing city; bargain; $UCO. Box 4403. CsJL _
j TO tailors — Fine chance to get oil tailoring
estah. • downtown: low rent; 2 years' lease.
Apply at once.- box 4400. Call office.
' PARTNER wanted— Energetic; small capital
reo,u;reii; riasonabie returns. Box 7(;."J. Call.
: SNAP — iiarga-ln: 14 rooms; central location;
I rice $850. Western Realty Co.. 10O7«-i Markt.
! H760— MEAT market; good location; low rent;
goocJ cash b^Mness r.nd large outside route; j
no agents. Fcr particulars addrebs box 4407.
Call office. __; \
I {goo — HOTEL and bar; beautiful trees and
flowers; a bargain on account of slcknesa.
Au.lress JOSEPH POOL. v >' c '°' ls; 5d^._5^ a l:
i PAPER route lor sale: clears $100 over ex-
panses. Address Call Branch, box S3S, Oak-
b nd^
' r<>n fALE— Mocha Restaurant. 1759^ Mls-
_|rn st. .
' CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received ot Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore.
| A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has bren established at 1090
Valencia et. ____________
LODGIXG-HOUSES FOK SALE.
100 ROOMS: hous^ for men; rent $140... $4000
5S rooms; south of Market: rent $100. 2OOO
14 rooms; corner; patt cash; bal. ea^y. 8TIQ
11 rooms: zood Income: rent $20.... :<S0
21 rooms; water front; rent $40; lease.. H50
Ji'O rooms; good l*ase; low rent 6500
87 rait.; apartment s; Western Add. '.rent 250
Money loaned nt 1 per cent.
i Hoteln. roadhouseF. flats. 5 to 100 roo— is.
¦ EITEL & CARROLL. 212 Kearny «t.
i WORTH investigating: an S-nx>m furnished
! flat with boarders; price $350. 1031 Mc-
Allister et.
! CARPET BEATING AXD CLEANING.
I AIR. compressed, dry. ice ecld. Is now univer-
sally used la sanitarily cleaning carpets, oa
floor, without removal or injury: prices mod-
erate. Apply S. F. COMPRESSED AIR
CLEANING CO.. Call bid.; phone Main 5237.
' WHEN you become disgusted with your work
Fend rorySPAULDIXG'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
ir.g Works. 305-357 Tehama st. : tel. South 40.
SMITH'S Carpet Cleaning Co.; Al work guar-
anteed. -Ic. 1S4." ITith st.: phone Capp 1851.
WESTERN Can*t Cleaning Work-. iSOO Har-
rison rt. ; Al cleaning. 3c: tel. Mission 225.
CALIFORNIA Carpet-beatir.g Co., J. McQueen,
prcprietor. 220 Guerrero ?t.; tel. Mission 4J.
! TRY HOPKE BROS.; excellent carpet-beatlne;
, m_ttre5«es mad«- over.l4T2 Howard;South 218L
I ADVAKCE C=rp*t Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter St.;
tel. Ma«n "^4. GF.O. WALCOM & CO.. Props.
! RUDOLPH A CO.. carpet-beating works; prices
reasonable. iVM Harriwn St.; tel. Mission 203.
CONKLIN'S Superior Carpet-beating Works.
r.rsi CUndc-D '!&<¦<> ave.- telephone Fast 12a.
CHIROPODISTS.
DUNLAP FOOT INSTITUTE. 50 Geary— All
ailments of the feet cur»<!: corns. bunions. etc.
I
I COLLKCTIOS OFFICES. I
BAD tenants ejected for $4: collections made;
city or country- PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO.. 415 Montgomery, rooms n-10: tel. f..V3O
j sriRITUALISM.
PROF. Fred P., Evans, nct^d psychic for slate-
writing and clairvoyance; stamp for circular.
1112 Ecdy st., nr. Ortavla: phone Scott 8S7.
EDWARD EARLE. 2OS2 Kills, readings dally,
9:30 to 4: seances Sunday and Thursday.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
MT Regular $3 Readings This Week For
(1 $1 $1 $1 $1 $1 $1
PROF"SSOR PAUL DESTINE.
The First Registered Trance Clairvoyant and
PalmiM ever In San Francisco.
I do hereby solemny agree and guarantee
to make no charge If I fail to tell you your
name, occupation and what you called for; j
I promise to tell you whether husband, wife j
or sweetheart Is true or false; I tell you j
whom and when you will marry; in fact, I i
; will tell you every hoi>e. fear or ambition I
. better than you can tell yourself; I Improve !
; your character so that you will reach the i
highest i>osFibIe development in mental vigor,
health, happiness ar.d capacity to earn
wealth; eo you will live bKppy and conttntrd
the rert of your life. Hours 10 a. m. to 8 ;
p. m.; Sundays. 2 to S. 326 OFarrell st.. 326. !
MME. M. BERNARD. THE FAMOUS
Clairvoyant and business medium, perma- !
[ nently located at 17 Third st.. next Examiner I
, bldg.; she reads your life correctly, gives an '
1 accurate description of the past, rt veals the ¦
present happenings and portrays events to
occur in the future; if you are In trouble, dis-
contented or not satisfied in life, or have do-
mestic, love or\business troubles, consult this
I great medium and you will be told how to
overcome them; valuable advice In all affairs
of life; 25c up; satisfaction guaranteed; read-
ings by mail. Tel. Black 4563.
. ISMAR. the Egyptian gypsy, clairvoyant and
I palmist, permanently located at 1104 Market
I «t., '•or. Turk: private readings daily. 10 a.
ri. to 6 p. m. : readings by mall rs satisfao-
¦ icry aa^Jn person: 3 question* answered, $1;
i full lHe, fZ: yenrl lock of hair, date and year
! I cf birth; "ion't send currency. Send postoffice,
• Wclls-Fsrgo money order or registered letter.
' : a — MME. PORTER, scientific clairvoyant and
', card reader, born with a double, veil and sec-
; ond right; tells the past, present and future;
ladles. 60c: gents. $1; by cards, palmistry
, er.d clairvoyant sitting; $1 SO. 12C Turk st.
; MUP. A. H. Kronenlx-rg, palmist, clairvoyant,
card reader, will (Ire gooo^l rending, 10c, for
| short tim« only: when others fail try me. to
' convince yourself. 402 Franklin, near Grove.
• MISS ZEMDAR, young g!fted'cl2.!r. and palm.;
I i has second sight; a wonderful prophetess;
¦ I names; L. 50c; G. Jl. 714 Franklin, nr.G.G.av.
ilMH. LEE, palmistry and clairvoyant; hours
: D-fi; evenings and Sundays by appointment:
readings 60c. 1200 Market, parlor 01; elev.
. JUST arrived; Mm«. Davis, greatest magic
[ card roader on ec;'.pt; born, crowned, veiled.
7G5 Market, parlors 18-17; 23-50c; mall $1.
A — Sirrc. Ravccna r^ads life, business advice;
; | r:-.iw given; 2Sc up. Ti 4th st.. near Market.
', MISS WARD gives names, dates and facts;
hours 10 to 8. 413 Maron St.; no sign.
MME. KAISEAU. clairvoyant, card reader; la-
i I dies 25c. gert* 50c; houre 1 to !». 645 Minna.
I MME. JAKE WAT. cl-lrvcyant and palmist;
ioadli:g3 $1. !):S) Eddy F t.. right hand bell.
, OLDEST lady palmi«t and card reader in city.
' COV, Kearny, room 20; ladies CSc; Rents 50c.
MRS. EKAFER. clairvoyant, card reader; slt-
tlnrs daily. 44S% Jessie St.. bet, nth and fith.
; DEXTISTS.
" ELECTRO^DENTAL CLI^ic^'sTOMarkeirst?."
cor. Fourth, room 7. Flood building; extrac-
j y tlong done painlessly; teeth without plates
our cpeclalty: goKB crowns, $3 50 up; plates,
i $4 SO up, extraction free; office hours, a
a. n*.. to Op. m.: Sundays. 0 to 2.
DR. GRUBS. &O4-5-6 C-llnghan bldg.. Market
; and McAllister sts., uses the Basford Obtun-
dtr. th* only device ever Invented for grind-
Ing, drilling and excavating teeth absolutely
without pain. For demonstration and proof
call at office.
I DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market. nr.Eleventn
I — No charge for extracting when plates are
made; old plate- made over like new; teeth
from $S per set; extracting. .50c: gas given.
A NEW plate — The Whalebone — cannot break;
warranted 20 yrs.; crown. $3 .10; fillings. 30c;
plates. ?5: full set ;all work painlMs and war-
, ranted. Chicago Dental Parlor*. 24 Sixth st.
PARIS Pentsl Parlors, 235 Kearny, ccr.Bush —
Set teeth $1 50 up; crowns ?2 up; filllnss 25c.
GOLD fllllncs. 75c; silver. 35c; crowns $2; no
ra'n- wn Snndav. r) r .O.KH»wl't.°n« Pu?t»r.
PRESSMAK33It8 r AJgD SJSAJISTUESSES
MCDOWELL Dressmaking and Millinery School
— Any pattern cut to measure. 1010 Market.
ACCORDION, sunburn Jt knife plaiting, otew-
art » button & buttonhole factory. ]](» Taylor.
DYEING .VXD CLEANING^
SEA breezes sweeten all garments, blankets,
™ C f _; Ur V aIns '-.-* tc - done by the -Presidio
Heights Dye T\ork B . S913 Sacramento; phone
for v.airr.n W««t *.„. H. HICKMAN ore.
FLATS TO LET.
A — HOUSES and flats to let: &n Immense list:
service absolutely free; take advantage of
this department; it will save you- time and
trouble. Conies Furniture Co.. 245-259 Geary
it. on the square.
POST. 1339, near Franklin — New modern up-
per flat: 8 rooms and bath; sun In er ery
room. Key at lower flat.
GREEN, between Laguna and Buchanan— 3
new flats. 7 rooms and bath and finished at-
tic: marine view.
GREEN. 2063— Handsome -imny upper flat;
marine view; 7 rooms; bath on two floors;
rent $50. ¦
TEHAMA. 336— A nice flat to let of 4 rooms
and bath. ________-__—-——•
FLATS TO LET— FPH5ISHED.
JBSSIE. 544 — 4-room flat, furnished: will sell
cheap; parties going away; rent $12; lower
bell.
FURNITURE WANTED.
A. WOLLPERT. 773 Mission. Bhone Red 44C2.
buys, rents, repairs, packs furniture, carpet*.
Cal. Auction House p«y» highest prices for fur-
nlture. flats, etc. 1106 Mission: tel. Mint 2481.
HIGHEST price for furniture and mdse. L. H.
BURP. aucttoneer.lSIS Mitt. :tel. Howard 27S1
HELP WANTED — FEMALE.
WANTED- Second girl for Burllngame. see
.lady this morning; 4 second girls, city, $20
and $1!5; German nurse, $30; 3 other nurses.
$20 and $25; 4 waitresses, some chamber
work, $20 and $25; waitress, restaurant, %-iO\
helper in delicatessen store. $25r laundress,
family work, $25; 2 German and Scandina-
vian second girl3, $25 and $30; 3 German.
Scandinavian cooks. $35; parlor maid and
waitress. $30; kitchen helper, county Insti-
tution. $25. Apply to J. F. CROSETT _
CO., 334 Sutter st.
WANTED — A large number of cooks, with and
without plain washing, for city and country
at $.10 to $35, also a great many girls for
housework in both city and country at $20.
$l!."i and $30: too many to advertise. J. F.
CUOSETT & CO.. 334 Sutter s^
WANTED — Two girls for the same house in
city, one an cook ut $39, plain washing, and
the other to care for children. $30; refer-
ences required. J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 334
Sutter st ._
TEN girls to label bottles for a wholesale
house; $1 a day. MISS PLUNKETT. 425
Sutter St., near Powell.
A — WANTED — Girls to learn halrdresslng.
manicuring, etc. ; trade taught from A to Z
In 2 weeks; $5 to those entering now; 3 po-
sitions to fill Immediately; positions guaran-
teed at $10 per week up; leading school In
West. 2-J3 Geary St.. room 13.
A — LADIES to learn all branches halrdressing
trade; manicuring, massage, etc.. 1236 Mar-
ket st.. cor. Jones, roo— i nt; positions secured
at highest wages; day and eve. claas; call.
A — Girls to l*arn millinery now for fall season:
both seasons taught from start to finish In I
month for $10; positions as trimmers, sales-
ladies, etc.. guaranteed at $10 per week up;
day and evening class. 143 Stockton St.. r. 13.
ASSISTANT cutters wonted for knit goods.
GANTNER-MATTER.N CO.. 007 Grove st.,
corner Laguna.
A — WOMEN to take work home on ladles' and
children's unuerwear. 050 Mission et., third
floor.
A — OPERATORS on children's woolen coats and
suits; good pay. 65C Mission St., third floor.
A— OPERATORS on ladies' waists; good pay.
C50 Mission st.. third floor.'
A — OPERATORS on ladles' underwear; good
pay. C38 Mission St.. third floor.
A — WOMEN to do embroidery work at norm;
bring sample. C50 Mission st.. third floor.
WANTED — Experienced alteration hands on
eults and eklrts. STRAUSS _ FROHMAN,
107 Post st. •
WANTED — A saleslady who understands tis-
sue paper flowers and souvenirs. Apply
SANHORN, VAIL & CO.. 741 Market St.
GIRL for general housework; four In family;
washing; $20. Call Wednesday. 3520 Sacra-
mento st.
WANTED — Respectable, reliable saleslady for
fine bakery; must have sufficient experience
in same; good salary. Box 708, Call office.
FIRST-CLASS button-hole maker on vests;
wanes no object. E. LAIVAND, 6 Eddy st.
room 112.
WANTED — A mlddle-ag'd woman to &¦> general
housework In country. Inquire 622 Vj Hermann
et.. nr. Flllmore. No objection to one child.
GIRL for general housework; wages $20. 1210
Fulton st.
WANTED — Girl for second work and waiting.
1307 Hyde st.
WOMEN operators on skirts and Jackets. M
SIMINOFF'S, 122S Market St.
TO asRlst In house from 9 until 4 p. m.; sleep
home. lfllQ Green Bt.
NEAT young girl for general housework and
two in family. 190S Broadway.
NEAT colored woman, cook and housework-
two In family. Apply 1030 Steiner st.
; FIKST-CLAS3 talloress wanted; custom-made
; ccats. 500 Kearny St., room 4.
WANTED — Good lroner ; also two good mangle
girls. French Laundry Co.. 3372 Mission st.
GIRL wanted for housework and cooking. 1423
Larkln St.; 0 to 12 a. m.
¦ GIRL for general housework and assist In
: bakery. 1704 Hal.ht st.
! GIRL for general housework, $25; call morn-
: ings. 2!)'j7 Howard st.
j WANTED — Good and bright girl to take cars
j of 2 grown children and assist tn upstairs
I .work. Apply 2000 Jackson. 'st.
• EXPERIENCED hand on dressmaking; one
j who understands first-class work: also lm-
I prover and an apprentice: paid. 411 Mason.
i WANTED — Girl for general housework in small
I family; wages $20 to $25;' references required.
I Call 715 Scott St., from 0 a. m. to 12.
¦ GLOVEMAKERE — Experienced banders and
. binders: also apprentices; wages. CARSON
GLOVE CO.. 123 Second st.
• CIGARETTE makers wanted: steady work and
good wages. The JOHN BOLLMAN CO..
corner Front and Pacific sts.
j NEAT girl for cooking and general housework;
! references-^ apply mornings. 1709 Baker st
WANTED — First-class finishers on coats 'at
Baron's cloak and suit house. 7fi2 Market st.
I TALENTED amateur performers. Apply 'at
Chut>s 0 p. m. Wednesday: salary no object.
GIRL for plain cooking and light housework.
1324 Post gt. ¦
! VEST hands who can also make buttonholes.
<*41& Stevenson Bt.
WANTED — A woman for general housework;
short distance In country. Call 2S13 Folsom.
> WANTED — 0 finishers on coats: also one but-
maker. 22f) Stevenson tit., room 5.
YOUNG girl for general housework; 2 In fam-
lly and baby. 539 Scott st.; car fare.
NEAT young lady, experienced in delicatessen
line. Apply forenoon at 1521 Devlsadero st.
LUNCH waitresses wanted. 515 Valencia st.
SAX FJIANCISCO CALL. J
EUSITCESS CrriCE Of the 5an Francisco ¦
Cal\ corr.or Market and Third streets: open
ttatO 12 t/clcck every r.i£,ht in the yenr. '
Ur..».N"CII OFFICES — S3* Mcr.tgoir.ery street,
fci.-fr CUj; ct*n until 3:"0 p. m. I
:.«> licyeit rtre et; epen until 0:30 p. m .
¦29 UcAfi—tef street; c;*n until 0:30 p. m. \
US LarJ;in *trect; or«n until 9:30 p. m. j
1941 Miarloa street; ooen until JO p. ra. ;
rri;i ttr.rket «— ;-ct. corner Sixteenth; open |
c:.til 8 d. — . :
108 ri«.\ei!th street; oi*n until 9 p. in.
lt£G V_Vrc:» street: ~pea until 9 p. m.
NcrtJ-.'-nel corner Church and Duncan" streets;
<;rn v::'.i\ 9 r. m.
Ker_— ect ccrr ler o? Twenty-second and j
3vT Surfcy etreet*; oren until 9 p. re.
•;¦:<•¦> 1'ilimon' ftreft: until 3 P- ~.
ME—TfXO NOT1CK*. !
C.'i.:iOi::CU Coramnndery N''. 1. K. t_ j
T.— «-;r Knights wUI uaemblc at the -YfF" !
Rsyium -rms dav <\vkv>:::.-i>ay> »j\* j
:t '.!¦ o'clock a. rn. to B«t «s e»cort to *3jf I
„« :•:. v. Grand Matter tt ihe dedl-
. ¦ a of Siir.inorr Temple. Siasanle Widow*
_tul Oni-H-* Knir.f, Decota.
THOMAS H. i;no\VNU. Ooir.m snder.
V. !_ KEXDEJISON. Reorder.
CAIIFORXIA Lcdrc No. J. F. and A. CI^ i
M.— Mc:rlx-~ of tbe above-n-imed lOT I
Wee .ire hereby nct!fl»<J :o _.-sei_b.e f >r ,
j,: fc_«_a!e Tempi* on WEDNESDAY,
«' i. ;•(. at 10 o'clock a. n., to join the Grand .
Iyiii'~r in .iod'.catir.s tfiminoff Twnplt at t^e
Masonic Hc*ne Decoto. By order of the,
j'sf .-r FRANKLIN __ DAY. Secretary
OrdDnXTA— Li-!fre No. .T^r. and A. _» _ \ j
JJ. — t"a:ic.1 rr?*-tiri!E. All r.ifmbers ar "^SJt !
earrir-.-t:y r«'<iv.< >\>~J to r-» at the temple /^r\ '
«a WEDNESDAY VQ3XIXO promptly
•t 10 t VI' < k. Ii>r ii.1 1 purpose cf asslstins in
«»c ri'r? the G:an^ Lodge from the temple ;
to the f'-rry. By ord-.r cf the Worshipful 1
|__ur.
WAI-TCn G. ANDERSON. Secretary.
CCUDEK <Jat^ Ix-.cipe No. "0. F. and A. 9
>I — Offlocm ana member* wiJI afs«m-
tl'- at Ux*caiC Temple K_DNESDAY. /V\ :
C;i 14 i:i(.:. at 10:30 n. m. tharp to
CMOrt tiie U. M\ Grind I^Jj;t. F. and A. ;
M. to 11:30 r. ra. l««t: thcr.-e by spsfl.il
trai'i ?o Masonic Hcme. Deooto. to participate !
Ovilh their families* In the dedication of the i
f l:i irc:T Tenvylr. Tickets. TOc round trip. :
By orrt.-r of W. M.
F.!>\VI>: L. METER. Secretary.
IIOl'N'T KCarU— 1 odpe No. 44. F. and A. B
II.— Offlrcn mid members ar»
*¦£ to assemble st Masonic Temple on /v\ j
WEDNESDAY. Oct. 14. at 10 o'clock
a. in., to if.in 'he Grand I-oi^e 1n dedicating
Bitninoff Vi-nnli' P.t fcXwomc Home. Decoto,
C*l. l:y order of ihe Master.
VIIKO. nSOUtCU. Secr^taiy.
PAcTfIO Lodge No. 130. F. end A. M. fi
will Bsscmbte TO-DAY <WKi>VKS-^Qr i
Ii.Wi nt in r.. m. to join the Grar.i/VA !
Lodre in the ?imlno!I Tern- :
_.le at Decoto. I
CSOZM2E PEXUXGTOX. t^c.-retao'.
CROCKCTT L<i<32e No. 139. F. and A. _
M.-«!ff!c?rs i.nd nierr.l»-r^ are re- ~%F*_f '
<i-jested to a«sem_e at Chapter Hall. /yf\
Mas. n o Torr.rle. WK1>NKSI>AY
UORK— CG. <':tob*r 14. »t 10 o'duck, to at- I
t.r.d 'l.e fie.li-atioa of S-'imimfT 'J emrle at j
Decoto. I'y rrder of ttoe W. M.
A K. H Mcl'HEKSON. Secretary.
CROCKnTT Lc<Jce So. 1Z3, F". »nd A. __
SI.— Fl— t IN-Kree THIS < WEIiNi:S-
DAY) EVENING at 7:W o'clock. I3y /V\ i
orier of the «¦'. M
R. H. McPH^RSON'. Secretap'.
ORIKXTAL Lodge No. 144. F. «nd A. m
M.— OfBcerc errt members will hswih- '^*_f
t.lc tt the Mafonic Temple. WEDXEfi- /^^\
DAT. Oct. 14. at 10:30 o'clock a. m..
!<t the lAllJKJm of proce<ding to I>ecoto. :isi-
rl^t:r,ff i!< the dedicatory services of the Sim-
lnotf Tempi*. A. S. HUBUARD. Sec.
EXCELSIOR Lode*- No. 10(>. F. und A. _
M. — O. fleers and members are neivty^rS^ ]
tiotifJtHl to assemble at Masonic Tein- /^/\ i
pie on VCEDXBSDAX. October 1*. r.t ;
j» o'clock a- m.. to join the Grand Lodee |
in oedjc_ttng J?!i:.inoff Temple at the Masonic j
Hoir.e. Deoota. I'y order of the \Y. M.
H. J. OWEN. Secretary.
BXC_U~OB Ik)d_e No. lwi. F. r.nd A. _
M.. «.ill m^t THIS < WEDNESDAY) VY I
EVENIXQ Et 7:rs<) o'c'ook and <-x- /V\ '
etn;>llfy the Second LVjtree before the
M. W.' Grand Lodge, l-\ and A. M.. of Cali-
lurnia. H. J. OWEN. Secretary.
IIIEEION Lo<lge N... IO, F. and A. M. «>
Officers arJ meml>ere are requested to > _fV^
assemble at the Mfisonic Temple at 10 I
o'clock THIS [WEDNESDAY) MOKN- !
ING. for the punosf of accotniianying the I
M. IV. Grand Lrxite to tho Masoric Home,
nccoto. t-- dedicate the PinUnoff Temple. |
l!y criier or the \V. M. i
li. F-. ALLAN. Secretary.
UISnON I>«lce No. 103. r. and A. M. _
Called SwettoxTHia (WEDNESDAY) W
EVKNjNG at 7_0 o'clock. Third I>e- /V\
trte. R. E. ALLAN, Secretary.
fcOITH FAN FRANCISCO Ixulge No. _
US. F. and A. M. — The officers and >»_\f
niembers <•{ the above-named lodge /\f\
are requested to assemble at the Ma-
*onif Temple, No. •> Pon Ft., on WEDNES-
DAY, the ltth lnst.. at 10 o'clock a. m..
for the r.-urjiose of accompanying th» Grand i
Lodre to Decoto, Cal.. to aslst in the cledl-
ontior cf the Pi^lncfC Temple. By order of
the M-JttT. E. C, HARK. Secretarj-.
DOIUC Lo<5 R e No. 2!P. F. and A. M.— m
The ofneers members of the above- >yy :
named Jcder- ar" requested to assemble
at the Maionlc Temr>!<?. WEUNBS-
DAT " Oct. 14, 1803. at 1C a. m., to assist
lh« -Grand Lodge !n «3edicatlr.g the SlminoCC
Teir.pie -t the Hcsnnic Widows' an.l Or-
r-har.i<' Hcme In Decoto. Cal. By order of
the Master.
J. R. GOLDSMITH. Secretary.
BAY CITY Lodce No. 117, K. of P?T -^f
Elks Hell. ?Zl Putter st — Fraurnal *Jj&L£f
KTKttlnx'- The monthly social for "j_!*5
October win b«. held this (WED- _^>C
ZC_St>_.Y| EVE3CIKG, October u y <
.,'ol.x-k. The E-UO4 cfaaaeellor. accompanied
l.y UU f-titr. w/ii pay an official visit Local
and aojotiminz Knight* will l>e welcomed
; CHAS. C. MOltUIS. K. of U. and S.'
TEAMSTERS. ATTENTION— Mem- _m>±.
L-^r? of the Rrolherhood of Team- /QiP\
Stcrs are resjJec'.fuMy requested to \_?£3%3
fitt»ri'l tliei- next regular meeting. WtjtCy
____\ «iil be htld THURSDAY %^_V^
EVKNIXG. Octrber 15. 19u:i. at Machinists'
Hail. US9 Mission Et. Minutes of Joint con-
vention 1k1<i in Sftagua rails. N. Y.. to
conit licfor<- this metting.
<iEO. \V. DILLON. Secretary.
SCCT1CB TO THE STOCK HOLDERS OF
Tin; FAN FRANCISCO OAS AND
EUECTKIC COMPANY 1b hereby given
that pursuant to mi crder and resolution of
the board of dlr<-ctorb of tho San Francisco
Ga» i.r.d Ekctric Company -uopttd at a
n.eetii.g et *_iii board duly held at the offtc?
cf tlie r— enpany in the City and County of
M-r. Francttco. Ktr.te of Calltornla. on the
3_tli day of August. 1908. :» meeting of the
rTr«-khoider» of s^an I'rancisco CJas and Elec-
tric Company will I*- lirid at the office of
the ocsnyujr. number 415 Post street. San
FrutcSaeo. <"_li:orr.ia (tne s.-'tne Ijehig the
; rjncijial filacc of bu^incss of said corpora-
tion and U:e building -Ahere the board of di-
rectors usually mrei), on Thursday, the 22d
day oi October. l!to::. at the hour ut 2 o'clock
p. ni.. for the [iMnxtc of a<-ting and voting
uprm the nroj)os:ticn io crrate a bonded in-
<lt¦l;teone^p vt said corpcrnticn to the amount
in the s.<Tsregii.c of ten mililon (!0.0«"»0,0(Xl)
dollar*. United St_t>-s sold coin, for the pur-
l-ore cf acguirir-s property to I* usod in car-
rying on the 'jus-inexfr of the corporation nnd
In o:-(2er ' to l.rr.vlde funds for ether legiti-
mcte anl r— r-'Hty purpo^?* of th« corpor-
biion. sv.i_h boiidetl in-l'-lnertr.eFa to !«• secured
by :¦. n-.ortBage or deed of trust upon all the
property now owned Ly said corporation, or
v.l.ich it may here_ftor acquire. 15y order of
Ihe board of d!r«-rtfirs.
CHARLES L. nAITRnTT.
Kc<T' > tary Fan Francisco Gas and Klectric
Company.
ASTO«I,OGy]
AHAMATJCHA Hfada *«v-r; aJept in aatrologj-;
obKcure t!is«aM.i i_>c_te>J; horoscopes cast.
1CS ni'.iff.
AGBVTS WASTED.
AGENTK can laake $10 per day selling our
novelty mHchino: M-nd stamp for circular
and price. roOTE CO.. Ixjs A:igclos. Cal.
AGENTS wanted— Apply Halpruner Medical
M'p. Co.. '2S f'alifornla rt.. aftcrnoens.
iiOAUni.\G, FO11 CHILDOES.
t_D — A chlM to board: private family
!)t*r's care. 15."0 Hy_r Et. *
at*i ohm: vs-at-law.
C— HiEE. EfcTAELlSl?_ilJr_2 YEAR_~
ivorets a Bpec.a.lty. Private. (Jutck.
no 1'av i;an_css succt:t:sFUL.
• <J. \V. HOWE.
Attcmr/ and Cou_selcr Et Law.
OeOJttC* 7 to 0. 1'hcne Jei-sie 4711.
i tn F.rst Floor — Rocmr. 1. 2. 3. 4 and 3.
Unite! iA-. Betwaea Mason and Tjylor.
,.:inc>l Oppo^tta "Ilsle's"' Dry Goods Store.
THE L-OAX. ADVISORY. Inc. ~ "
J'l-ctii-e la J-Vrl.-ry.i and nil K'.ate Co;:rts.
At;_r!.i:.«!it£. divorce, ruining, bankruptcy,
jiror.LCVtlonv. ntlju^unentR, corporations, pat-
?•r.U-. '•tstat.i. i-iobatc.
Hxj ericntc-d and Reliable Attorneys Engajrcd.
AC\i<'+ guarantied, Correypondrnce solicited.
Cll. MIA. 511IJ Crorjflcy Ulds. Tcl. John 2)20.
N. li. Cor. Nctv Moiitgotntr}' and Mission Sts.
J77TT AHV1CE FREE
<.XJLt.-JIIilAN LAW AGENCY
Xim. K\ '.'la Market: tcl. Red CIS; bad tes-
• t.ts ejected fp»*-dily and reasonably: collec-
tion* attrt.tlcd u>; uttachments: corporations
trpaii'.-ed: «-ivil and criminal pr*ctlce.
ADVJCE free — I will advance cost in merltorl-
ocs cases, divorces, probate and all other law
ra»c«: no fees in advance; open every even-
its. 3. M. THURSTON. 819 Market tU r. SI.
HELP WAltTKP— -MALE — Con.
MURRAY - READY. C34 and K56 Clay sIL
PHONE MAIN 5843.
Leading Employment and Labor Agents.
1902 WE GAVE 1903 WE'LL GIVE
45.000 MEN WORK. €0,000 MEN WORK.
Men wanted TO-DAY for
ARIZONA. OREGON.
N ]T\ f ADA.
Southern Pacific and San Fe systems; free
laaS ON EVERT TRAIN.
SECTION HANDS, MUCKERS, DRILLERS.
Extra Gangs. Teamsters. Hammersmen.
MINES. TUNNELS QUARRIES.
Miners, all over State. $90 and $S2 50.
Laborero and muckers everywhere. $CO, J...
and $R2 60
STABLES, FARMS. ORCHARDS. DAIRIF.S.
Farm and orchard hands. $.50. $>o. ?4l> fd.
Milkers. $30 to $50 and found.
26 choremen. coachmen, gardeners etc.. 830.
10 stablemen, city, country Jobs, $30 to $b0.
MURRAY & READY,
634-636 Clay st.
SAWMILLS WOODS.
633 laborers, no experience wanted. $40 to
$70 found. -„
106 mill and yard men. $50 to $150.
3*5 WOODCHOPBBS.^ T1 _ MAKERS .
All classes of experienced men for ' ~ooda,
mills, etc.. from $50. $60. $70. $S0. $30. 510t>.
$125 to $150 month. ¦__
MURRAY & READY. C34 and C3S Clay st.
COOKS. WAITERS, PORTERS.
24 cooks, hotels, restaurants, camps mines
and ranches, city and country. $30 to 5.0 fd.
12 waiters, city and country. $25 to 540 ra.
14 butcherg different Jobs. $40 to $00 fd.
Second cook mine. 2 waiters. $40. $30. fd.
Cook and wife, ranch kitchen. $60 found.
MURRAY _ READY. 634-636 Clay St.
MECHANICAL.
Head Dolbeer logger, $90.
8 painters stripe letter. $2 50 to $3 a day.
2 coopers,' factory. 20o fare. $3 25 day.
1C carpenters free fare. $3 50. $3 day.
arn " located' everywhere.
636 laborers and teamsters, city and coun-
try: some factories, mills, warehouse^ ex-
cavating building, etc.: many In San Fran-
cisco: lots to board home. $2, $2 25. S2 50.
$2 75 day 06 carmen and furnace men, $87
and $76.
Positions not advertised.
COM D— SEE.
BEST PLACES AT MURRAY & READY'S.
BIGGEST WAGES AT 634-636 Clay st.
miBniohtTordkrs by
phone. telegraph and special
letter delivery.
ARIZOV A— — — — —
903 MILES, PRESCOTT MIDDLETOWN.
ARIZONA. TO-DAY $1 50 FEE
6 slack coopers, 9c; 5 cabinet makers; 1«»
woodsmen. FRESNO COUNTi.
DIAMOND MATCH COMPANY.
Teamsters, laborers, fare $2 80. $75.
TO FRESNO TO-DAY.
15 laborers, lumber company. $40 to $56 fd.
Planerrnan, free fare, lumber company, $W)
and found.
Boxmaker. city Job. $2 50 day.
Carriage painter, young man. $9 to $12 week.
Machine shoemaker, country, $2 50 day.
Ehop butcher, north. $63.
SOLANO COUNTY.
"?12 laborers, fare $1 CO. $60.
MARRIED.
Fanner and wife, cook In kitchen, boss here,
$eo.
2 shlnglers. straight work. 70c M.
2 crosscut sawyers, lumber company, north,
$40 and found.
OREGON.
COAli MINERS— OREGON— FREE FARE.
65 coal miners, Oregon, $3 to $5 a day.
VERY MURRAY & READY.
IMPORTANT. 634-636 Clay st.
BARBER wanted for Saturday and Sunday;
steady one preferred. 3CS3 Twenty-fourth st.
OFFICE boy wanted. Apply box 704, Call
office.
WANTED — Boy: delivery wagon. 1147 Mission
St.. HENRY MARQUETTE.
WANTED — Office and errand boy. Address
P. O. box 2564.
WANTED — Baker's helper. 1550 Church st.
______
I WANTED — Bootblack. 34 Montgomery st.
j WANTED — First-class wire and metal grill
workers. 751 Mission st.
GOOD bootblack. 31 Fourth St.; none other"
need apply.
A GOOD solicitor, photo view work. Call be-
tween 10-11 a. m., 136 Sixth st., room 10.
6 YOUNG rr.en to bo to sea on deep water
ships. HERMAN'S, 26 Steuart st.
WANTED — An experienced plumber's helper.
729 McAllister St.
A BARBER wanted Wednesday evening. Sat-
urday and Sunday. 515 Hayes st.
BARBER wants Job evenings. Saturdays and
Sundays. Box 3479. Call office.
FOR sale — 3 chair barber shop and 3 furnished
rooms; a bargain. 2C!>2 Mission st.
BARBER shop for r»»nt. 3510 Twenty-fifth St.,
near Vajencia. Call before 9 a. m.
WHY pay big prices to have your shoes half-
soled when you can get It don* for 25c. BOo
and 60c while you wait at 563 Mission st..
bet. 1st and 2d sts.. or 11 Third st.?
WANTED — For V. S. Marine Corps, able-
bodied unmarried men. between 21 and, 35;
good character: muet speak, read and write
English; marines serve at sea on men-of-
war In all parts of the world, on land In our
Island possessions, and at naval stations tn
the United States. Apply at recruiting of-
fice, 40 Ellis st.. San Francisco. Cat., and
401 K St.. Sacramento. Cal.
BARBERS, attention — Bargain; 4 hydraulic
chairs, hotel shop, with all latest Improve-
ments; across the bay: lease; rent $15,
water; receipts weekly $S5 to $100; price
$550. H. BERNARD. 104 Seventh st.
WANTED — Saturday and Sunday Job regularly
in barber shep by a student at TT. C. who
has had S years' experience. Address C. E.
D., 2231 Blake St.. Berkeley: good reference.
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to know '
that Ed Rolkln. Reno House proprietor, has
added 100 new rooms to the Denver House,
217 Third et. ; 250 rooms; 25c to 50c per night.
¦ — — i
MEN to leam barber trade; only 8 weeks re-
quired; special offer thls.month; catalosrue
and full Information mailed free. MOLER
SYSTEM COLLEGE. 635 Clay st.
PRESSERS wanted at once at M. SIMINOFF'S,
1228 Market st. : highest wages paid; steady-
work guaranteed to good mechanics.
WANTED — Rough carpenters and laborers. Ap-
ply room 14, 2« Montgomery at.. San Fran-
cisco. Construction Company.
WANTED — 5 men, pick and shovel. Four-
teenth ave. and N st. south; Kentucky-st.
cars.
PENSION ATTY. M. HARRIS. 40 Ellis st. ; 14
yearn' practice; references from thousands of
persons for whom I have secured pensions.
WANTED — BUI clerk, experienced, for whole-
sale house; salary $C0- Box "U2, Call.
OPERATORS wanted at once on cloaks at M.
SIMINOFF'S. 1228 Market St.
BOY in tin shop; learn trade; 16 years. 533 I
Mission st. !
A SHOEMAKER on repairing. N. SUBKE. I
S2« Railroad ave. South.
"TINSMITHS wanted: steady work; good
wages. 17 Drumm st. ,
BOY 16 years: good opportunity: stendy posl- j
tion. Carson Glove Co.. 123 Second st.
BOY about 15 years of age for men's furnishing
store. 424 K?aray st.
WANTED — Oysterman. Apply 4C3 Seventh st.
Oakland. Cal. ;
DRUG clerk wanted: salary $25 a week: state j
experience and relet— nces. Box 3476. Call. ;
BARBER shop for sale; good location; tran-
sient trade. _2 East st.
FOR SALE — One-hclf Interest in 2-chair shop;
good shop. 1350 Howard st.
BARBER shop: old stand; muat bo sold for any
offer. 229 Hayfs st.
BARBER trado taught In 5 weeks. Address
W. C. B.. 647 Commercial st.
GOOD strong boy to work In blackimnh shop.
1322 San Pablo ave.. Oak:_nd.
COATMAKERS for country. Apply REI33
BROS & CO.. 21 Sutter st. .,_:.,-.•
McDONALD & PERRY have a larse stock of
new and second-hand shoes; cheap. 230 3d st.
PENSION atty. E. A. Bull!*, room 40. Phetaa
bldg. Past Com. Geo. H. Thcmas Post. Q.A.R.
MAN to do Janitor work for tuition In S. F.
Barber Schcol. 741A Howard st.
SAILORS and ordinary seamen for Europe and I
Australia. HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart st.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 Third st.. near Mar-
ket — 700 rooms. 35c night :. reading rooms;
frte 'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. C63 Mission st.. bet 1st and 2d sts.
GET your shoes half "soled while waiting: 25c
to 50c. B8.T Mission St.. bet. 1st and 2d sts
HOUSE AXD BAIIX TOLET.
3-ROOM hou3e; 10-stall barn and hay loft:
near Twenty-fourth and Castro sts. Apply
517 Clipper st.
HOUS_S^V^_>'T^D--4?URNISHEbI
WANTED — To rent for the winter or longer,
a furnished house of from 6 to 8 rooms and
situated north of California and east of
Flllmore; must be In good condition; best of
care guaranteed and highest references fur-
nished. Box 3011. Call.
The Joke is a jrood one, which, both men much enjoy,
They are talking: about how some papers employ
All sorts of fake schemes to secure the Want Ad, **¦
"When result* that It brings Is the test to be had.
When 'tis Judged on this, lino you'll hear every one say
Call Want Ads are the best, and are e'er found to pay.P-t£S_O_E_r BEAT B_X__O_TTS.
Continued From Page Eleven.
COMMERCIAL NEWS
SPRINGFD3LD. O., -Oct. 13. — Alleged dis
crepancies amounting to $44,000 are said to
have been discovered In the accounts of tha
late Joseph Shahr, who had been secretary and
treasures, of the nrm of P. P. Mast A Co..
manufacturer* of grain <trills. Two weeks ago
Mr Shahr was attacked by typhoid fever tnd
subsequently died. There li a story, that en
his deathbed ha revealed that his accounts
were not correct- *?fgi__Bn_
Associated Trust Cert 19 20
Azteg 00
California Standard 11 .12
Caribou • 100 1 10
Central Point Con WJ
Chicago Crude 21
Claromont 25- . , 35
Ksperanza 1 40 ....... .-J
Four -. «» 70
Fulton 3 25
Giant. • 20
Hanford ..130 00 140 oo
Home »5 100.
Imperial 18 00
Independence 17 IS
Junction " 20
Kern ."... 5 00
Kern Hlver 14 00
Lion 03 O4
Monarch (of Arizona). 4t» » Cl
Monte Cristp :.... 75 77}i
Occidental if W. Va. .18 19
Oil City Petroleum.. 2S so
Peerless 13 75 14 00
Pittsburgh..........: 25
Reed Crude 40
ALAMEDA. Oct. 13.— Arrested whtla
trylng to sell a stolen bicycle to the de
tectlv© who was looking for him was tha
surprising experience of 'Georg© Bruce
Young this afternoon. Hunger and want
of employment prompted him to commit
the theft, according to the statement he
made after being taken Into custody.
Young purloined the wheel from the
cyclery of George A. Faulkner. 351
Twelfth street, Oakland, and rode to this
city on it. As soon as Faulkner ascer
tained that his property was missing h8
notified th© police departments of Oak
land. Berkeley and Alameda and the bicy
cle shops In the three cities. Detective
George R. Brown was detailed to visit
tile local bicycle establishments, and went
first • to tho cyclery of A. O. Dexter on
Central avenue and Oak street. Young
was there endeavoring to dispose of the
stolen wheel to the proprietor." The latter
refusing .to purchase the wheel. Young
offered it to. the officer for $7 50. Brown
informed the astonished seller that ha
would take the bicycle and him also.
The prisoner at first gave an assumed
name, but a search of his pockets re
vealed several letters addressed to George
Bruce Young, which the stranger .later
admitted was his cognomen. Young said
that he had arrived recently from Reno,
and becoming discouraged through his
failure to secure occupation was tempted
to steal with a view of realizing money
to ward oft starvation. He claims to have
well to do relatives In South Dakota.
Young was turned over to the Oakland
authorities.
G. B. Youhg Alleges He
Stole to Stay Pangs
of Starvation.
HUNGER PROMPTS
THEFT OF WHEEL
And sure enough the freshmen did pur
sue the tactics to a successful Issue in
the second half. After ten minutes of the
hardest kind of work It grot the. ball over
the goal line for a touchdown, Kern and
Crow, who had been substituted for
Tweedy, having negotiated the ball
through the tackles and ends all the way.
Kern carried the ball over the line and
then kicked the goal, making six points.
Kern, Mclnnls and Sweeney were then
taken out of the freshmen line and that
made It easier for Belmont, which pro
ceeded to butt great tig holes In the other
line. The freshmen were not able to hold
at all, so fierce were the Belmont rushes.
But the freshmen braced up and held, on
the flfteen-yard line, getting the ball on
a close decision that hinged on Inches.
Just after that the time limit expired and
saved California from being tied.
Kern played his usual dashing game at
right half and Tweedy at left half was
close behind him In ground gaining. Gil
lis and Mclnnis, the freshmen ends.
piayed gritty games. Bishop, Belmont'3
fullback, played the best game for the
visitors. Jackson, the left half, made the
longest run of the day— twenty yarda.
The teams lined up in the following or
der:
Belmont Position. Freshmen.
Giliis
Vail R. E. L. David
Sweeney
Ealand ...R. T. L. Jones
Nowell R. O. L Allen
Coe C Haffey
Moody
Towne L. O. R Jackson
Stow
Mcody L. T. K ....Seabury
Melnnia
Epohr L. E. R Kletnsohmidt
~ „ Tweedy
Tower R. H. L. ....Crow
Kern
Jackson L. H. R. Sanborn
Blehop., F. Gabriel
Sachs.., Q Sell
Th freshmen will not play against any
other team this week, as all its strength
will be reserved for the Intercollegiate
game against Stanford next Saturday In
San Frandaco. Coaches "Whipple and Hall
expressed themselves as pleased with tEe
showing made to-day and predict victory
for Saturday's contest.
But to the close observer It was patent
that California had a little the beat of
the argument and would probably win.
California gained ground and kept the
ball longer than Belmont. It made Its
best gains through the ends and tackles
on both sides, with Kern and Tweedy In
the midst of the hot work. It was easy
to see that if California kept up these
tactics In the second half It would win.
Neither aide threatened the other's s;oal
line In the first half. They simply see
sawed up and down the middle of the
field for twenty minutes. First California
would be held on downs and then kick
and then Belmont would do the cams
thing, with no special advantage to
either. At the end of the half everybody
said there would be no scoring with two
Buch well-matched teams.
BERKELEY, Oct 13.— Thd freshmen
and tba Belxnont School played a gamo ot
football on the Berkeley campus tills aft
ernoon that for keen, heady playlnjf and
excitement put every other game- that has
been played this year In the shade. Th«
result was In doubt ud to the very last
minute and toward the end a critical time
came when only a hair prevented Balmont
from tying the score. The freshmen final
ly carried the day with six points to Bel
mont's zero.
Game Is Fast and Result In Doubt
Tip to Last.
Claude Kern, the spectacular right half
back of the freshman team, was chosen
captain of the eleven this afternoon by
a convention composed of Coach "Whip
pie, Assistant Coach Hall and Trainer
Christie. Kern was selected becausa h»
knows the game thoroughly and Is de
pended upon to keep tbo others going
from the Btart. His strong point Is hit
ting the line and knowing wher* to hit
It, and when the ball Is passed to him be
hind the line something happens.
Kern has bad a good deal of experience
on preparatory school elevens. He played
with the Lick School in 1SD9 and i9w* and
with tha Berkeley High School in 1301.
He Is 6 feet 1 Inch in height and weighs
170 pounds.
Berkeley Office San Francisco Call.
2148 Center Street, Oct. 13.
Is Selected Because of His
Thorough Knowledge
of the Game.
Spectacular Right Half
back to Lead Fresh
man Team.
S. F. & McKlttrick 2 75 ...-.
San Joaquin O A D o 25 '"ll
Senator 65 75
Sovereign 4O
Sterling 2 80 .....
Superior' ¦ 06 _ °*
Thtrty-threa • • •»
Toltec 21 .-•-
Twenty-eight . * 00 4«0
West Shore 2 90 3 75
Miscellaneous — *, „
Abby Land & Impt 1 40 1 65
Alameda Sugar ¦• 29 00
American Biscuit 83 00 85 00
American District Tel
Cal Gas A Elec Corp... • ;
Cal Cotton Mills 83 00 95 00
Cal Jockey Club 1<» 00
Cal Shipping Co 25 00
Cal Title Ins & Trust 130 00 140 00
Central Bank of Oakland 60 00
Chutes Company 8 25 .....
Cypress Lawn Impt Co 6 50 7 25
Fischer's Theater 3 25 2 75
Gas Consumers' Assn , 22 SO
Honolulu Sugar ,. . 16 00
Northern Cal Power 9 00 9 50
North Shore Railroad 10 00
Orpheum Company 15 25
Pacific States Tel A T«l 115 00
Parafnne Paint 83 00
San Francisco Drydock 47 00
Sanitary Reduction Works.. 2 00
Sausallto Land A Ferry 16 00 .....
Sperry Flour Co 27 SO SO 00
Standard Electric 18 00
Tesla Coal Co 80 00
Truckee Electrla 13 23
Union Sugar 22 60 .....
United Gas & Electric 34 60 -...
OFFICIAL BALES.
Morning Session.
Board—
100 Monte. Crtsto OU „, .«, 78
300 Monarch Oil ....~....... B0
100 Junction Oil „.-... 19
Afternoon Session.
Board —
100 Home Oil. a 60 95
200 Home Oil 1 00
100 Home Oil. ¦ SO 97%
Mining Stocks.
j _________
SAN FRANCISCO STOCK EXCHANGE.
Following wer« the sales on the- San Fran
cisco Stock Exchange yesterday:
Morning: Session.
200 Andes 21 300 Mexican 100
400 Chollar 22 200 Potosl 21
200 Con Cal '& V.I 35 200 Sierra Ner... 61
400 Con N T 16 1100 Silver Hill... 66
100 Gould & Cur. 20J1800 Silver Hill... 65
600 Kentuck 02 100 Union Con... 62
1 200 K Graessler..l 35 400 Union Con... 61
100 Mexican 1 03 !
Afternoon Passion.
200 Andes 221 200 K Graej«ler..l 43
100 Caledonia. 93 300 K Gracsslar..! 50
S0O Chollar 23 800 Potosl 22
500 Con Cal A V.I SO 1000 Silver Hill... 68
400 Gould A Cur. .20 1
PACIFIC STOCK EXCHANGE.
Following were tha sale* on the Padflo Stock
Exchange yesterday:
Morning Session.
300 Andes 21 [ 200 Mexican ...1 02H
100 Besf& Belch. 1 50 200 Mexican, 1 00
600 Bullion 09| 100 Mexican 1 05
200 Challenge ... 30 200 Savag* 23
200 Con C & V.I S2H! 500 8e_ Belcher.. 07
t 60 Confidence ... go, 300 Sierra Nev. . . 63
500 Con NT.... 15 800 Silver Hill... 5*5
300 Exchequer ... 15; 100 Union Con... «2
500 Gould A Cur. 20j 200 Yel Jacket:... 43
800 Hale A Norc. 65
Afternoon Session.
300 Andes 23 600 Exchequer ... IT
300 Bullion 10 100 Mexican ...I 07^
200 Chollar 22 300 Mexican .....1 05
100 Con C A V.I 32^ 200 Seg Belcher. . 07
200 Crown Point.. 20 20O Yel Jacket.... 44
TONOPAH MINING BSXCHAN'OH.
Following were the sales on th« San Fran
cisco and Tonopah Mining Exchange yesterday :
Morning Session.
600 Brunswick . . 05) 100 Ton B«lmcnt.l 00
3000 Esperanza ... 02 600 Ton & Cal... 25
200 Mont Ton ... 97 100 Ton A Cal... 24
200 Pino Grove. . . 85 20O Ton N Star. . 84
400 Ton Belmont.1 10 500 Ton N Star.. 33
Afternoon Session.
7000 Espranza ... O?|100O Ton Belmont.1 CO
S00 MacNamara . lGj 600 Ton N Star.. 31
.200. Mont Ton ... 90|
CLOSING QUOTATIONS. -
TUESDAY. Oct. 13 — i p. m.
Bld.Ask. 'JtsvPlS
Alpha 07 08 Julia 07 08
Alta 03 06 Justice 07 CS
Andes 23 24 Kentuck 01 02
Belcher 16 17 K Graessler.l 55 1 tto
Best & Belch. 1 43 1 65 Mexican 1 05 1 10
Bullion 09 10,Ophir 150 165
Caledonia 93 84 Occidental ... 23
Challenge ... 30 32 Overman ... 22 24
Chollar 2.3 24 Potosl 22 23
Confidence ... 72 73 Savage 23 24
v Con Cal & V.I 30 1 35 Scorpion 02 04
, Con Imperial.. 03 04JSeg Belcher.. 03 07
, Con N Y — 15 Sierra Nev... 60 64
j Crown Point.. 20 21 [Silver Hill... 65 50
| Eureka Con.. — 50 St Louis .... H
Exchequer... 17 18 Syndicate .... 04 0C
Gould & Cur. 20 21 Union Con... 62 es
Hale A Norc. 65 CO Utah 2O •>•»
Lady Wash .. 03 04 Yel Jacket.... 43 4i
TONOPAH MINES.
Bid.Ask. . Bid.Ask.
Esperanza ... 01 02 Rescue — io
MacNamara .14 16 Ton Belmont.1 00 1 10
Mizpah Ex .. — 26 Ton & Cal. . •>*
Mont Ton . . 95 OS Ton N Star. . 34 35
N Y Ton ... — 05 Ton Midway. SO 40
Paymaster ... — 13 United Ton .. — 15
: Pine Grove. . . 85 86
¦ *—.
OMAHA. Oct. 13.— Henry C. Ferris, assist
ant superintendent of the Nebraska division of
the Union Pacific Railroad, ha3 been appointed
to succeed Superintendent Duel of the Colo
rado division of that road, who after Oct 15
will be general superintendent of the Nebraska
! division with headquarters at Omaha
CLAUDE KERN
MADE CAPTAIN
THE SAtf FBANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, OCTOBER 14, 1903.
13
FRUITVALE ADVERTISEMENTS
FRUITVALES REAL ESTATE.
CHAS. F. LEE, . •- -.'. '. Phono Val« 296.
W block Fruitvale station.
$225— Only $225 down, balance $10 month,
for a modern 5-room cottage, high basement,
brick foundation, chicken house, pigeon
houses and nests; fine arbor; splendid well
end pump; large pump house; duck pond of
concrete; 20 fruit tfeea, nice flowers and
beautiful shade trees, surrounded j by good
picket and wire fence; large lot, 118x110,
fronting on two streets; school, church, post-
office and cars clos« by; price, all told. $1425.
and easily worth $1800.
$75 lots, $5 cash, $5 monthly; Rosa Lee
Tract; no winds or fogs here.
CHARLES F. LEE. 1222 Fruitvale ave., %
block of atatlon. -
Mill Valley Advertisements.
MILL VALLEY REAL ESTATE.
LOT 50x125— $400.
TERMS 10 PER CENT CASH.
BALANCE $10 MONTHLY.
Splendid lots in the tract right at the station
of Mill Valley; streets graded; water mains
laid; over 90 lots sold within the past 6
months; many attractive homes have been
built; new electric road Is a great success and
will undoubtedly increase land values; agent
on the ground Sundays.
LYON A HOAQ. 116 Montgomery st.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
ANTLERS, 415 Turk st.— Striotly modern, 4-5
room apartments; fur. or. unfur. for hskpg.
CALIFORNIA, 1514^ — Unfurnished rooms In
private family.
CHURCH ave., 2. off Bro_dwayT"b«t. Stockton
and Powell — 3 modern rooms to let for house-
keeping; rent $6.
FOLs6m, 1143— Two sunny furnished rooms
for housekeeping; bath.
GROVE, 42514 — 2 nicely furnished rooms; stove,
sink; sunny; yard; $8; no children.
HERBERT (The) — Sunny apartments for
"housekeeping; gas ranges; Just newly fur-
nlshtd. 1.130 Polk st.
HOWARD, 1053— Nice larare front room for
man and wife or 2 gents; use of kitchen.
LANGTON, 256% — 3 sunny nicely furnished
rooms for housekeeping; private family.
McALLISTKR. 636 — Sunny, nicely furnished
suite; gas range, hot bath, laundry; $11;
adults.
MODEL House 1206 Stockton — Newly furnlah-
ed rooms. $5-$12; bath; gas; phone.
j OCTAVIA, 406 — 3 furnished rooms, complete
; for housekeeping; $20.
I SEVENTH. 191 — Housekeeping rooms; nice.
i bay-window rooms.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1099
Valencia st.
ROOMS TO LET — Fnrn. and Unfnrn.
X^BRUNSWICK Housed 148 Sixth— Rooms-
25c to $1 per night, $1 25 to $5 per week and
light housekeeping rooms; open all night.
AT "The Almonte," 873 Market et. (or No. 1
Fifth ct.)— Rooms, 25c, SOc, $1, $1 fiO night;
$1 50 to $10 week; house open all night.
BURNETT, 1426 Market (old No. 1364) — Fur-
nlshed rooms, suite, single; also unfurnished.
CLIFFORD. 204 Ellis, cor. Mason— Elegantly
nlrnlshed sunny rooms; prices reasonable.
FIFTH, 119, second flat— Nice furnished
rooms, very reasonable; convenient; sunny.
GEARY. 14S2, cor. Laguna — Sunny suite of
connecting rooms; bath and gas range.
I GRAND Southern. 7th and Mission — Rooms 50a
I to $1 00 night; $1 to $3 week; reading-room.
I LAGUNA and McAllister, St. James flat— Sun-
ny single room.
JESSIE. S63, east of U. S. Mint— Furnished
room*, $3 and $6 per month.
MISSION, 1055 — Nice single front room;
$1 50 and $2 per week.
ROYAL House, 120 Ellis— Incandescent lights, i
reading-room, cmoklng-room and ladles' par-
lor; rooms per night, 35c to $1 60; week, $2
to $S; month. $8 to $30; elevator on ground
floor; rooms with hot and cold water; baths.
i SUTTER. C22 — Sunny front rooms, with pri-
vate bath; rates reasonable.
E UTTER, 111S — Lovely furnished front room,
all conveniences, rent reasonable; also h»kp.
THE FALMOUTH, 1CM9A Market at. ; furnished
rooms; hot and cold water; elevator; central.
THE Gillesple. 119 9th— Furn. rms.. $1 50-$2 60
wk : also transient rms., SOc to 75c per night.
UNITED STATES, 123 Eddy St., near Market—
400 single and family rooms; 35c to $1 night;
$1 75 to $'! w*ek; elevator; electric lights;
reading-room; free bus and baggage.
WINCHESTER Hotel, 44 3d st.,.near Market —
Most convenient and respectable; 700 rooms;
ii.'.c to $1 50 night: $2 to $8 week; elevator;
floe. lights; reading-room ; free bus; baggage.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Flllmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 10UG
Valencia
ROOMS AMI BOARD.
' STEVENSON Mansion. 807 California st At-
tractive and sightly rooms; beat tablo and
i service; lowe?t rates.
1 VAN NESS ave.. 1714 — Private boarding-house,
home like, everything first class; sunny
Eultf?«; single rooms; choice locality; ref.
O'FARRELL. 308— Furnished rooms and board
In private family; price reasonable.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call. 1C pages, sent to any address in tho
T.'nltpJ FtatPB or Canada one year for $L
COUNTRY HOARD "WANTED.
A GENTLEMAN wishes board in private fam-
ily, town or ranch, within easy reach of San
Francisco; comfortable and quiet place. Ad-
dress stating particulars and terms, box 4430,
Call office. -
RCOMS WAVTEIJ.
THREE unfurnished, sunny rooms, new, for
two adults; board optional ; references given;
German family preferred. Address MRS. J.
ROE. 63G Broderlck st.
A YOUNG couple want 3 or 4 unfurnished
rooms with gas and bath; $12. 14 Harriet st.
SEWING MACHINES AM) SUPPLIES
NEW HOME sewing machine, this week only.
$10 $15. $20; slightly used: needles 20c doz.
NEW HOME S. M. CO.. 1051 Market st.
SPECIALISTS.
CATArIrhTIdEAFNESS and NOISES In EARS
positively cured; new method; 1 week's treat-
ment free. Dr. Cottlngham. 201 Sutter st.
STORAGE AND ..WAREHOUSES.
A— EMPORIUM Storage &. Van Co.; furniture,
household goods stored, moved, shipped. 725-
731 Howard et.. near Third; phone Grant 161.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage & Moving Co., of-
fice Post and Powell sts.; tel. Prlv. Ex. 571.
CONKLIN'S Storage — Furniture and merchan-
dise. 333 'Golden Gate ave.; phone East I'M.
GOLDEN West Storage* advances made; 840
Mission st. ; tel. Howard 941. F. W. Zehfuss.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
pany, 2320 Flllmore St.; phone Jackson 281.
BEKINS Van and Storage- Co., 11 Montgomery
St.; tel. Main 1840. Shipping at cut rates.
STUTTERING AND STAMMERING.
MELBOURNE School, Va^ N^ss^M:trket— Cure
in every case; individual teaching; no medi-
cine. Inquire into wonderful curp«;home cure.
TYPEWRITERS AND SUPPLIES.
GREAT^BARGAINS IN TYPErWRITERS^We
sell better machines for less money than any
house in the city; rentals $3. The Typewriter
Exchange, 530 California;telephone Main 26&
A FEW good typewriters at $30 each; get par-
ticulars. L. & M. ALEXANDER, 110 Mont-
gomery st. ' , ."-¦>-
2D-HAND typewriters sold, rented, repaired.
Webster Typewriter Inspec. Co.. 008 Market
LEGAL ADVERTISEMENTS.
EXTENSION OF PROTEST — CAPTAIN H.
SCHWEGMANN, master of the Elsfleth ship
¦"Industrie" (N. F. T. L.), will extend his
protest on THURSDAY October 15. 1003,
at 10 o'clock a. ra.. at the office Of the Im-
perial German Consulate in this city (318
Sacramento st.). San Francisco. October 15.
1603. HISYER, Imperial German Acting
Consul. :. '
fU PROtOSALS. _^
PROPOSALS for Subsistence Supplies— Office
Purchasing Commissary, San Francisco, Cal..
October 13, 1903 — Sealed proposals for fur-
nishing and delivering of such quantities of
subsistence supplies, delivered at such wharf
or wharves or such warehouses in San Kran-
cisco. Cal., as per circular to be seen at this
office, . will' be received here until 11 o'clock
a. m., Saturday, October 24, 1903, and opened
Immediately thereafter, in presence of bid-
ders. Specifications, general instructions to
bidders, and blank forms of proposals will be
furnished to established dealers on applica-
tion to C. R. KRAUTHOFF. Major Com'y.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
UNITED STATES BRANCH
STATEMENT
OF THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF THE
Transatlantic Fire
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF HAMBURG, IN THE STATE OF GER-
many, on the 31st day of December. A
D. 1902, and for tha year ending on that day
an made to the Insurance Commissioner of the
State of California, pursuant %o the provisions
of fections 610 and 611 of the Political Code,
condensed as per blank furnished by th» Com-
missioner. •
A CCL" I 1 —
Cash Market Value of all Stocks and
Bonds owned by Company $429,800 00
Cash In Company's Office 4,747 21
Ca3h in Banks 27,797 50
Interest due and accrued on all
Stocks and Loans 3.5S5 00
Premiums in due Course of Collec-
tion 81,237 61
Due from other Companies for re-
Insurance on losses already paid.. 324 76
Certificates of Der>oslt in hands of
United States Trustees 49,000 00
Total Assets .$590.401 OS
LIABILITIES. ~
Los!>os adjusted and unpaid $ 820 00
Losses In process of Adjustment or •
.In Suspense 13,82162
Looses resisted, including expenses. 4,135 00
Gross premiums on Fire- R!*k« run-
ning one year or less. $275,704 76;
reinsurance 50 per cent 187,852 38
Gross cremiuma on Fire Risks run-
ning more than one year, $172,810; i-^.'-t
reinsurance pro rata 09,877 62
Commissions and Brokerage due and
to become due 20,S05 02
Total Liabilities .$277.311 54
INCOME. ""^
Net cash actually received for Fire
premiums $323,653 41
Received for Interest and dividends
on Bonds. Stocks. Loans and from
all other sources.... 13,949 02
Total Income ....". .$347,602 43
EXPENDITURES. ~~~
Net amount paid for Fire Losses (in-
cluding $S6,711 35, losses of pre-
vious years) $134,037 75
Paid or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage 86.313 10
Paid for Salaries. Fees and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc... • 18,751 72
Paid for State. National and Local
taxes ¦ 4.730 10
All other payments and expenditures 18,075 91
Remittance to Home Office 43S 21
Total Expenditures .$312,346 79
Flra.
Losses Incurred during the year $168,425 2O
Risks and^ Premiums. Fire Risks. Premium*.
Net amount of \ Risks
written durlne the
year- $33,042,676 $489,630 83
Net amount of Risks
expired during the .
year 33,863.596 467.742 lfl
Net amount in force
December SI, 1902.. 30.411.636 448,514 76
LEO A. LOEB, Assistant U. S. Manager.
Subscribed and sworn to before me this 234
day of January, 1903.
.ARTHUR A. LOEB. Notary Public.
': PALMISTRY.
MME. DEVAS — Scientific palmist and astrolo-
rlst. Palm readings $1. Hours 10 to 12 and
to 5, and Tuesday evenings. 138 Post st.
H. JEROME FOSELLI. scientific palmist. Blfl
Taylor et.. near Geary. Phone Black B61.
PAPERHANG1XG, PAINTING. ETC.
ROOMS - papered, $3 60 up; tintla*. painting.
Hartmann Paint Co.. 319 3d st. jtel.Maln 413.
' MARRIAGE LICENSES.
The following marriage licenses were Issued
yesterday:- . ; , .:-
Charles W. Blum, 25, San Rafael, and Doro-
thy Mason. 23, Cordelia.
Nell McMillan. 35, Eureka, . Cal.. and May
V. Rogers, 22, Eureka. Cal.
Matthew B. . Thllt_en, 21, 322 O'Farrell
street, and Mazie C. Tevlin, 18, Oakland.
Philip Asher, 23, 104 Dore street, and Lil-
lian Goldberg, 24, 55 Harriet street.
Edward E. Leonhardt, 47, Napa, and Mary
A. Smith, 35, Napa.
Antone S. Ouilla, 2S, 75 Jackson street, and
Louisa F. do Brum, 18, 75 Jackson street.
Eustace H. Rhodes, 47, Willows, and Martha
Weeks, 43, 83 Sutter street.
-Frederick W. Gartner Jr., 24, Oakland, and
Amelia E. Eisert. 21. city.
Luigl Dondaro. 23, 1735 Stockton street, and
Rosa Cademartori, 18, 426 Green street.
Abner E. Fisher, 27. 120 Fourth street, and
Leila M. Knox, 25, 311% Jessie street.
Albert J. Ewald, 20, Sacramento, ¦ and Syl-
via M. Becker 24, city.
Martin Hrstich, 37. Sunnjnrale, and Mar-
garet Lyons, 35, Sunnyvale.
Henry M. Brittan, 21, Occidental Hotel,
and Rebe Levison, 18, ISIS Poet street.
George AV. Connelly, 31, 1103 Van Ness ave-
nue, and Helma C. Swanson, 17, 230 Eleventh.
John W. McDonald Jr., 21. 1025 Devisadero
street and May T. O'Toole, 21, 139 Central
avenue.
•William J. Spinetti, 24, city, and Rose Kelly,
21, clly.
Arthur Raymond, 22, city, and Louise- Sled-
ner, 24, city.
Im-MARMJHIEATHS,
Birth, marriage and death notices sent b>
mall will not be inserted. They must be handed
In nl either of the publication offices and be
indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
B0EN.
BUCHER— In this city. October 12, 1003, to
the wife of Charles C. Bucher, a daughter. "
COLLINS — In this city, September 28. 1003, to
the wlfo of J. B. Collins (formerly Lottie
Meyer), a daughter.
DARRIMON— In this city, October 1, 1903, to
the wife of L. Darrimon, a daughter.
GOPCHEVLTCH— In this city. October 13,
1903, to the wife of Peter M. Gopchevltch,
a son.
MAYSENHELDER — In this city, October 2,
1903, to the wife of Frederick Maysenhalder,
a daughter.
MARRIED.
AXDAL— MTSEN— In this city, October 10,
1903, by the Rev. O. Groensberg, Ole P. B.
Axdal and Louise Mysen.
CLARK— MIZE— In this city, October 12. 1900,
by the Rev. FrancU M. Larkln, Frank Clark
of Oakland and Daisy Louise Mlze of Vaca-
villa.
_______ „ „ _
Baker, Fredrick Mltchel, Ethel J.
Boone, E. Daniel Newman, Arnold
Broramer, Dick O'Brien, John J.
Butler. Elizabeth J. Prendergast, Martin
Cantelow, Adeline M. Rock, Edna M.
Chrlstianson, Mrs. H. Ross, Sallie L.
Curran, William Sayle, Adeline M.
Dennis, George B. Shlllcock, Hester M.
Gross, Fred O. Slmonds, Rev. S. D.
Henney, Maggie K. Trumpp, Mrs. C. C.
HUdebrand, Anna B. Valencia. Louis E.
Howe, Edward B. Varney, Benjamin F.
Johnson, Lillian M. Wallln, Andrew
Jordan, Dennis Ward, William R.
Josselyn, Dr. J. H. Wood, Edward P.
Llchtenstein. Arthur Zobel, Ludwig .
Mills, James
BAKER— In' tills city, October 12, 1903, Fred-
rick Baker, a native of England, aged W)
years 10 months and IS days.
i BOONE— In this city, October 12, 1903, E.
: Daniel Boone, a native of Kentucky, aged 01
yt-ars.
[TTyFrlfnds and acquaintances are respect-
fully lavltefl to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tkm-kday), at 2 o'clock, from Elks' Hall.
2_! S>.;ttu- :treet, under the auspices of San
Fra«c1i-eu Lodge No. 3, B. P. O. Elks.
j _U2HB_.RH it San Francisco Lodge No. 3, P.
P. (). Rika, nro hereby notified to attend the
fun~rai of our late brother, E. Daniel Boone,
on r:vr< '.ny afternoon, at 2 o'clock, from
j th? I'l.'ireiMJii). By order
) ;MA_tE3 N. ODELL, Exalted Ruler.
BROS! Mi-!!.— In this city, October 13, 1903,
Dick Brommer, beloved son of Christina
Warnke, and brother of the late Fred Brom-
mer, f> native of San Francisco, aged 28
. yearn aadll month*,,..,.. ,. - — -¦ -
BUTLER— In this city, October 12, 1903, Eliza-
beth J., beloved daughter of Dennis and
Florence Butler (nee Ryan), and sister of
"j Johrnle Butler, a native of San Francisco,
agrd U months 8nd 19 days.
B-Triends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend f the funeral to-day
(Wednesday), at 1 o'clock, from the parents'
residence, 125 Ellery street, off Bryant, near
First. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
CANTELOW— In this city, October 13. 1003,
Adeline Minerva, beloved widow of the lata
William Cantelow, and mother of William.
Lawrence, Charles, Addle, Maxwell, Mary
and Clalr Cantelow, a native of Illinois,
aged «4 years 3 months and 12 days. :
(CTFrlends are respectfully invited to at-
tend the funeral services Thursday, October
15, 1003, at 10:3u o'clock, at her late resi-
dence, 1320 Page street. Interment private,
Cypress Lawn Cemetery, by carriage.
CHRISTIANSON— Entered into rest, in this
city, October 13, lDltt. Mrs. Hannah Chris-
tiansen, beloved wife of the late Antone
Christiansen, a native of Providence, R. 1.,
aged 51 years -ID months and 12 days.
ITT'Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 9 o'clock, from the residence
of her daughter, Mrs. Frank Duf field, 1352
Union street, thence to St. Francis Church,
where a requiem mass will be celebrated for
the repost of her soul, commencing at 9:30
o" clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
CURRAN — In this city, October 13, 19C3, Wil-
liam, beloved son of Simon and the late
Mary Curran, a native of San Francisco,
aged 3S years 7 months and 14 days.
B->*Hemaliis «t the parlors of McFadden,
Mcl.rearty & Green, 1171 Mission street, be-
tween Seventh anil Eighth. Notice of fu-
neral hereafter. 4
DENNIS— In Marysville, October' 12, 1903,
George Barrett Dennis, son of Mrs. Mary
Barrett Kmemin, a native of California,
aged OO years.
\ (K7"lnterment Decoto Cemetery, Decoto,
Cal.
GROSS— In this city, October 13, 1903,- Fred
¦ O., beloved husband of Adele Gross, and
brother of Rudolph Gross, a native of Ger-
many, aged 41 years 7 months and 24 days.
HENNEY — In this city. October 11, 1003, Mag-
gie Kyle, dearly beloved daughter of Sarah
and the»late William Henney, and sister of
William and John Henney and Mrs. E. D.
Miller and the late George Henney, a native
of San Francisco, aged 16 years 8 months
and 20 days.
tCTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Wednesday), at 10 o'clock, from the parlors
of Halsted & Co.. 016 Mission street. Inter-
ment Cypress Lawn Cemetery by carriage.
HILDEBRAND— In this city, October 13, 1903,
Anna B. Hiidebrand, dearly beloved daughter
of Alex and Emllie Hi'debrand, and lister
of Ernst Hiidebrand, a native of California.
E7Notle9 of funeral hereafter.
HOWE— In this city. October 11, 1903, Edward
B. Howe, a native of California, aged 40
years.
(CFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Wednes-
day. October 14, 1903, at 2 o'clock, from tho
undertaking sarlors of Iaccherl, Due Jos &
Co., 629 Broadway, between Dupont and
Stockton streets. Interment Laurel ..Hill
Cemetery.
JOHNSON— In this city, October 12, 1903, Lil-
lian May, dearly beloved and only child of
Jacob and Alice Johnso'n, a native of Chicago,
aged 13 years 11 months and 13 days..
(OTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Wednesday), at 10:30 o'clock, from the
parents' residence, 700 Natoma street, be-
tween Seventh and Eighth. Interment Cy-
presj Lawn Cemetery.
JORDAN— In this city, October 11, 1903, Den-
nis; dearly beloved husband of Mary Jordan,
and father of James E., Joseph S., Peter
I , Dennis V., Gertrude and Emllie Jordan
and Mrs. J. F. McNamara, a native of Jones-
'. boro, County Armagh, Ireland, aged ' 73
years.
C_TThe funeral will take place Wednes-
day, October 14, at 0:30 o'clock, from his
late residence, 633 Webster street, thence to
Sacred Heart Church, Fell and Fillmore
• streets, where a solemn requiem high mass
will be celebrated for the repose of his soul
at 10 o'clock. Interment private at Holy
Cross Cemetery by electric funeral car from
Eighteenth and Guerrero streets. Please omit
flowers. . . .. . .
JOSSELYN — In . this city, October 11, 1903,
Dr. J. H. Josselyn, beloved husband of Ma-
mie E. JosHelyn, father of J. H. Jr., Markus
L., Edna I. and Georgia C. Josaelyn and
Mrs. M. Lelsen, brother-in-law of Mrs. O. C.
• Barrett, and brother of B. F. Josselyn, a na-
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO.
(Successors to Flannagan ¦ & Gallagher.)
DANIEL P. DONOVAN. Mgr. - v -
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS.
20 Fifth St., opposite Lincoln School.
Telephone South 80. .-
UNITED UNDERTAKERS.
— Funeral Directors and Embalmrrn.— —
Formerly in Metropolitan Temple,
Now at 8t>8 MISSION, Tel. South 1C7.
Between Fourth and . Fifth, near Fifth st.
Finest Equipments at Moderate Rates.
REAL ESTATE CITY — FOR SALE.
HEADQUARTERS FOR PARK LOTB!
$500 to $1200 — Only graded lots fronting
boulevard, ocean and park. Unobstructed
view from every lot. Fronting electrlo cars.
Don't miss this opportunity. Easy terms.
»C0 to $260— Near ocean and park — (5 monthly.
Oceaneida branch office on 49th ave. and K st.
OPEN SUNDAYS.
SELLING FAET— BEE THEM TO-DAY.
$5U0 to 11000— New lots in Sunset District.
Graded tnd sewered, near cars, $10 monthly.
Sunset branch offlc* on 8th ave.. near H st.
$150 to 1200 — Level Excelsior Homestead lots
near Mieslon-st. electric cars — $5 monthly.
Choice Richmond District lots. $10 monthly.
$1000 to $3500^ — 4. 5 a»d 6 room modern cot-
tages. Sunset. Richmond and Excelsior
Homestead. All bargains!
Easy terms.
6OL GETZ A SON, owners and dealers,
Room M, Chronicle building.
1 THE very choicest lots in the P*n_andl« Dis-
trict.
! LdIs in the block bounded by Uaight. Page.
Arhbury fts. and Masonic ave. ottered for the
first time; beyond question they are the best
in the famous Panhandle District.
Prices, $2050 and upward; terms, one-fifth
ca?h, balance one, two, three and four years.
Surrounded by flue improvements; car lines
on three of the four streets; level: streets ac-
cepted; no laDd In the city at the price pays
as well when improved; no land Improving in
value bo rapidly; no better investment; no
choicer sites for flats or residences; jret our
prices before buvlng.
j LYON & HOAG. 110 Montgomery st.
N. H. LANG A CO.. 40 Montgomery St..
j Exclusive .'Dealers in Probate and Bank Realty.
$4000 — Stylish, up-to-date residence in Mts-
j slon warm belt; Just completed; containing 7
j rooms and bath, elegant finished plumbing and
1 hardware throughout; Rdjolnin? homes have
ail found new owners within last two months;
sold to clcee partnerrhlp account; easy terms
If desired.
JOSEril STRAUB, 0S0 Market st.
12100 — Cor. Twenty-fifth and Wisconsin 6ts. ;
j new cottage of 4 rooms, bath and basement;
to<->d location for grocery; $300 down $15 month.
$1750 — Fine new cottafre of 4 rooms, bath and
basement: $300 down. $15 a month; Wisconsin
St.. near Twentv-flfth.
$2400— House of 2 flats and attlo; basement,
I rear house; vicinity Mason and Filbert sts.
j 1
j BACRIFICED— Must be sold In 13 days; make
offer; two handsome sunny flats, 7 and 8
rooms, baths; this property la strictly In
•warm belt of Mission; will sell adjoining:
lot If desired; street bltumlnized; lot 51x117:6
to alley; No. 1OS0-10S2 Dolores St., between
23d and 2tth. PATTERSON. 11 City Hall sq.
$1<>U DOWN and $15 month for cottage, 4 r. and
b. on Nevada ave. Cottage of. 4 r., San Jose
av... $100 down and $12 60 per month.
fST-O down and $20 month, C r. and b., on
Duncan t.t. D. Coffin & Co., 3803 Mission.
j BUILD on your unimproved realty: we loan
full cost Improv. and part lot at 6 per cent.
MANHATTAN LOAN CO., Crocker building.
' FINE income flats on Fulton near City Hall;
reasonable. Inquire 142 Fulton st., owner.
i =
! REAL ESTATE Coontry— For Snle.
I INCOME p_yin_ property; th* beet fruit and
poultry farm In Sonoma County; 40 miles
from San Francisco, near Petaluma.
_Ueven-room furnished house, bis; barn,
fruit and poultry houses; tanks and wind-
mills; abundant water; 3000 bearing trees;
arnual crop 20,(XK) pounds cherries, 4000
boxes apples, 10,000 pounds pears, large lots
of peaches and plums; shrubberies, shade
trees, large vegetable and Cower gardens;
li acres cf asparagus.
120O hens, highly bred; white, buff and
brown Leg-horns, white and black Mlnorcas,
white and barred Plymouth Rocks, buff
Cochins, etc.
Incubators, brooders. — 'agrons, horses, Jer-
sey cows; outfit complete: place in full and
successful operation.
Distant residence of owner compels dis-
l»osal. and entire property ia for sale or
: rental to a tenant who would buy the mov-
able property, worth $2500.
L. E. THOMPSON. 452 Parrott bldgr.; S. F.
j A NICE HOME—
$S00; Improved chicken ranch of 12 acres,
U aci-es bottom land; 6 miles from Lockford.
Hen Joaquin Co. ; small rustic house, new
burn, fine well of water, scm« fruit and ber-
ries, wood : close • to school and free rural
delivery. QUIGGLE 9 to 10 a. m. WHIT-
AKER & RAY CO., 723 Market St.. or
eddrefs box 13. Gait,
I $10 A MONTH buys a 10-acre farm.
Write for booklet: It's free.
WRIGHT & KIMBRO.UGH, 603 J St.
Sacramento, California.
j 2 ACRES land, adjoining Union Park. Colma:
fenced hedges around land; good houae;
chicken-houses, water: reasonable; chickens,
decks. R. S. THORNTON. 416 Examiner bid.
IF you want a stock ranch, dairy or coloniza-
tion tract, write CHAS. W. COE & CO., 45
West Santa et.. San Jose, Cal.
1 ALALFA lands, stock ranches, orchards,
vineyards; Inspected bargains: monthly cata-
lrgucs sent free. C. M. WOOSTER CO., 648
Market Et.
I 52 A<"RES fruit or grain land, near Esparto,
YoU, Co.; chrep. Addrese E. A. KNEIB, Di-
mond, Cal.
1 FOR poultry and dairy ranches yielding a good
pr^-f.t. HAMILTON & KENDRIPK.PPtaluma.
j TOIXT RICHMOND REAL ESTATE.
. WATER front lots rnd bargains: all tracts;
rrapy- photos, etc. HELL. 417 Parrott bldg.
! BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
j _
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
! J. J. MASON,
Real Estate and Insurance Agent.
Choice Property a Specialty.
EE. cor. Shattuck ave. and Center st.
Berkeley. Cal.
Hill ADVERTISEMENTS
! ------—-—--—-—------—-—-------—-----—---------_-__-_—--_—-_--___--______
i OFFICE, 1118 BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE. • i
AT AUCTION.
AT AUCTION.
AT AUCTION.
AT AUCTION.
AT AUCTION.
AT AUCTION.
SATURDAY. OCTOBER 24, 1903,
On the Premises,
At 1:30 p. m..
The Reichllng Houses,
! At
Northwest corner Linden and 8th sts., Oak-
land's prettiest residence section.
. - • ¦ 8 Beautiful Homes,
In
S Large Single Subdivisions.
With n. 10, II and 12 rooms, bath each; cost
I originally $.VXH» to $11.5uO each to construct.
1/iiirt Sunny Lots.
Larra sunny lots with 4i» ft., 50 ft.. 69 ft. and
• 0 n. irentace by a depth of 100 to 165 feet.
(Note size and depth.)
Beautifully terraced, above grade of street,
with the moM artistic coping uniformly
j arranged around the entire frontage, with
¦ palms and full-grown shrubberies throughout
each parden. For years this half block of resl-
j deuce homes has been the pride of the city, the
: personal C are cf the owner, as one of the
j finest kept properties In Oakland.
Artistic and substantial, similar to the
I grounds of Golden Gate Park and the Schil-
ling's. Oakland 1 !! water fiark.
Rentals as an Investment.
As an investment property has retained
steady tenants. Some of them have occupied
tame almost since construction.
Present rentals are $:io, $4.1 and $65 each
A HOME LOCATION
Fronting on the only bltuminized residence
street in Oakland; opposite and adjoining line
block of modern residences worth from $8500
to $25,000; same hlock as the Havens' and
Gccrge W. McNcar's beautiful homes; 3 blocks
of Market or Adeline Mat ion; short walk to
Broadway business center; walking distance to
hi«?h school and finest primary, grammar and
private echoois in the city, without necessita-
ting . children to cross streetcar lines.
One <jf the choicest, close in, convenient,
strictly home neighborhoods in Oakland.
AN OPl'ORTUNITY SELDOM OFFERED.
THE PROPERTY MUST BE SOLD.
SEVERAL INTERESTS MUST BE CLOSED.
OWNERS ANXIQUS TO SELL.
NOTE THE TERMS.
One-third cash, balance on mortgage In one
and two years. ¦.,-..
To see premises, get permit at office.
Sale Saturday, October 24, 1903,
1:30 p. in., on the grounds. .
Write or call for catalogue showing photo-
graphs of premises and giving full particulars.
LAYMANCE REAL ESTATE COMPANY.
Auctioneers,
4C0 and 4C2 Eighth St.. Oakland. Cal.
$2500— COMFORTABLE cottage with bay-wlu-
dow and high basement; lot 140 feet deep;
fine large barn; gravel _rlveway; nice neigh-
borhood; street work all done: above San
Pablo ave. ; terms If you like. J. S. MYERS
or GEORGE W. AUSTIN. 1002 Broadway.
Oakland.
Modern house, 9 rms.; stable; Mason A Hamlin
organ. Before 12 m., 422 Orange st. k Oakland.
O A K L A
TO-MORROW the day for bargains in furni-
ture. H. Schellhaas. 11th st.,cor.store,Oa-lnd.
\ MEDICAL. _
*\ AN' PRANCTSOVS EMINENT PHYSICIAN.
¦ DOCTOR WHITE
TREATS WOMEN ONLY.
• 02 MARKET £T.. room 7. Phone Red S321.
Every facility for the BEST treatment of
HI diseases and disorders of women. Elegant
sanatorium. Select patients. Strictly confl-
cential. Fees within the reach of ail.
J>IRS DR. WYETH. specialist for all female
complaints: Jnstsnt relief sTiai_nt«*d; 30
years' experience; removed to S2G Pout St.
MRS. DR. KOHL, reliable specialist for all fe-
male troubles and irregularities; instant re-
lief jruarar.ttcd. IOOM4 Market st.. opp. 5th,
DR. G. W. O'DONNEL,L — All who are sick or
In trouble consult this specialist on female
<*jmpl_!ntc; positively corrected; the unfor-
tunate helped: the most difficult cases treat-
ed: advice free. Off.ce. 1018 Market «t.
Drs. «io *:win. T'VJ Turk, r.r. Van Ness — n_pert
In obstetrics, female complaint*; inst. relief;
treatment $10: hours, 10 to 5; 25 yrs. exper.
MRS. D. ALLEN. 1118 Market— Reliable ladles'
fperiaMs;; a. private home before and during
confinement; be«t medical care; low fees.
DR. ROSEN 3 ! moved to 2835 Foisom St.. corner
2Clh; relief $10; ladies' exclusive office.
£r. and Mr.?. DAVIES and HINDOO HERBS;
original rstihod of treatment. 112C Market st.
X»R NO TOY KEE. 319 Powell St.. opposite
Union i"j"»~; all <jlaea3« cured by herb*.
Ml'SICAL INSTRUMENTS.
'"^JbO-TTnirr^LO^ST^P^rc^S^NlDTiE^
VALUE.
CoHsrd. upright %iz
Fi!«her. upright j»0
Fhernisn & Hyde, upright 123
Nt.r.Ti«frldt A Hotnl. beautiful curly wal 1<3
Chickering /_ 155
2 ftetuway uprights, larjre. «__O...$ie3 300
2 Heiue uprtjrht*. large and «-;s;i used
It s» than 6 year* $232 3S3
And 200 others. Squares from $10 up.
- Kent*. f2 up. apply on purchase; install-
ments as low as |4. HEINE PIANO CO..
235-237 Ovary st. Only manufacturers ar.d
larcest exclusive trholeeale and retail deal-
«rs west of Chicago.
¦ ¦•JlEXTI N CJ la our specialty ¦ $2 up epr'T on
A rurcha.se. HEINE PIANO CO.. 237 O«ary.
(THIS AD IS Ot'R GREATEST EXPENSE.
ray no rrnt. as we own the bui'.dins;.
The only reason we advertise is to let you
linow we pen* the best piano in the city for $3
t~er rao_lh. Now we can *?;i you one Just the
;t»m«. Our expf rises are to vwy much less
than other firms, why net lr.vee;!jr_t» our prices
and compare notes? Invest oc carfare and mvi
' Irom $75 to 5150 on a pis.r.o. SCOTT-CL'RTAZ
riANO CO.. WXM_-€* Hayes «t-
"ViriLE low rHc«s ere the fashion you will
find that we are giving the most for the
tnon^y of try firm la the city. No better ln-
etxumer.U! than the Daumelster. Schubert or
Euxiard are needed by enybody, and ;ou can-
Rot afrom to buv until they have b»*"n ex-
•rr.ineJ. THE ZENO MAUVAIS MUSIC
CO.. 7CD Market et.
.A. FEW good urrijrht bargains from $50 up, ln-
o'.u<i:n« such makes as Cfclekerlng, Mucn &
Hamlin, Vote, 8Terlir.g, Curtaz. K'rkman.
Haines. Weser. Pease and others. BENJ.
Cl'RTAZ _ EON. 10 OTarrell et. No
branches In San Francisco.
OTE greatest opportunity ever offered In San
Franci«co to p*t a pood reliable piano cheap.
Before our removal we Win sacrifice any in-
'. etrutnf r.t for cash or Installments. Call or
¦write for pries and terms at once. KOHLER ¦
& CHASE. Established 1S50. 30 OTarrril.
«BAND instruments; F. Besson, Paris, maker;
Gus Malwaid Agt. Pac. Coast. 27S O'Farrell;
skillful repairing; 2d-hand Instruments sold.
•id STECK & GABI.ER upright, nearly new.
cheap: a sr.ap. HORNUN'J. 216 McAV.ister.
&ARE char.ee; cash or payments; elegant high .
rrade upright. 10 McAllister st.
>
T_nre<Jeeme<5 storage r'.anos and furniture dirt
ch«-ap. Whitehead's Etor_ge. 1C3« Market st.
»>EAUTIFT'L 3-p«"<1al Sieinway upright rlano;
perfect order; tacrince. Kreffe's.285 O'Farrell.
BOHXEB Byron Mauzy plar.o*. Cecillan piano ;
r!ayer. ' BYRON MAUZY. 308-312 Post *t.
SUPERIOR v'.t.iln*. zithers, old and new. H.
- MtXLER. rr.akT. repairer. 2 Latham place.
OFFICES A.XD STORES TO LET.
f5TORE with large basement; be'.ow Kearny j
ft.; rent f:50. Arply G36 Clay et.. room 1.
tii — TO let; grocery corner: five living rooms;
r.cw vac-ar.t. Key. 2304 Fulton et.
PIAXOS AXP OHGAXS.
SpARTof our list of bargains in second-hand
1 pianos for September, 1903:
Original
Price. Now.
1 STEINWAT & SONS— j
Rosewood case, large elze, 7 3-3
octaves, be_uUiul tone. In excel-
K-111 condition $725 $373
1 A. B. CHASE—
!i_hcgfcny case, largest eize, full
swinging music rack, three ;¦•¦:;¦.-.
very latest style, car.not be told
from a new piano 550 400
1 STEINWAY & SONS —
Wainut c_*e, email size, 7 1-3 oc-
tavffr. nearly new, beautiful tcne.
In fine condition €25 475
1 STEXNWAY & SONS—
.".-.!> cas.*, large size, latest
rtyie, 7 1-J octaves, cannot be told
from new 7M 525
1 A. B. CHASE GRAND—
Mahnpany ease, in perfect condi-
tion, only useJ three months 800 Z'Z
1 BTEINWAY ic SONS BABY
Elonizei rase, in use a very short
time and cjual to new 850 750
AUo a large number of square pianos
rar-ginK in price from $2.*> to $250. and chapol
and r.ar'.or organs from $20 to $1.V>.
Complete list furr.^hfi^on application at 1
our store. FHERMAJff CLAY & CO..
fnrr.fr Kearny and Sutt<*r Fts.
PERSONALS. I
A— FACIAL BLEMISHES REMOVED.
Wrinkles, yeilow ar.u Oabby skin, birthmarks.
. em_llpox i-ittincs and tears scientifically re- I
roamed without <utur.g. mstfjge, electricity or
rr.edicinf-F; t;<< Ul demonstrations tins week. I
Call or write DR. L. WILLIAMS. 071 Oeary. j
MK. VAI.KN'TINO NKBIO. W«» Sixth St., begs j
, to announce to wh.,m it may concern that his •
residence Is at j'lesi-m ut 1U> Fr«-lun st.. b«--
. tween Bryant ar.d Brannan. Third and Fourth
etrec-ts.
THE Star Ha:r Remedy restores uray hair, im- j
proves its growth, steps tailing, cures Uandruff '
• end Itching aj_lp; no stain or stickiness; I
cleanses scalp: at drugjrls-te'. hairdressers'; ac-
cept no substitute. Stir Remedy CTffl '.133H Polk. I
X3RAUN — Professor Martin, prcduate masseur
of the Imperial University Hospital, Vienna.
Ciff.ce 224 Starr K:r.g bldg., 121 Geary. Tel.
' Exchange 216
HOT how cheap but how good is the motto of
the manufacturers of th* Ranld Rotary
i the sewin?-machine of to-day. J. I
\Y. EVANS, agent, 1021 Market ft.
PHYSICIAN, 15 years' experience, cures i.er-
tnanently morphine, cocoaine habit. Call or j
ed3ress Central Pharmacy, 251 Grant ave.,
corner Sutter et.; fee moderate.
*TO Whom It May Concern — I will not be re-
sponsible for any debts contracted by my
»!fe, Agnes Halk. after this date. October 12,
l»03. (Sipmei) JOHN A. HALK.
LIQUOR habit cured. W« guarantee to cure
the liquor habit In 2 days or no charges.
Acme LlQUor Cure Co., 5JO7 Market. r ; 202.
¦DRUNKENNESS, morphine ar.d all drug dis-
ras^s positively cun-d by Willow Bark Co.,
1835> Polk et. : consultation free; call or write.
DANCING Tuesday, Thursday, f-'aturday and
¦ Sunday evenincs at Teutonla Hall, Howard !
ft., near Ninth: management Prof. Foster.
REMOVAL— DR. W. C. STRATTON has re- ,
moved his office from 2—T.5 Mission Ft. to !
rocrmt C73 and 574. Parrott bldg < Emporium), i
AT lee* Lhan cost, uncalled for suits, overcoatt !
and trousers at CHARLES LYONS*. London |
Tailor. 7-1 Market ft.
ELEGANT suits on easy installments: f.o cents
end up t>er -eek. LEON LEMOS. 1127
Market St.. bet. Seventh and Eighth.
ANDERSON — EJreant theatrical and masquer-
ade costumes rented. 26 O'Farrell ot.
6UITS to order on installments, (1 per week.
Ne_h_us & Co., n)erch.tallors,727-729 Market.
EUPERFLUOUS hair A moles removed by elec-
tric needle. Dr. A Mrs.Travcrse.1170 Market.
THE be«t jlace to buy good umbrella* or
have them covered or repaired is 120 Stockton.
TAILOR-MADE eu!t *7 V); dress pants $2 60.
Misfit Clothing Parlor.cor. Bush and rytpont.
MASQUERADE costume*, play books, wigs,
country orders. GOLDSTEIN & CO.. 733 Mkt.
ALFREDUMS Egyptian Henna restores- gray
hair to Its natural color; SI; at all druggists'.
Superfluous hair and moles removed with elec-
trlc needle. Mn». & Miss F.ato". 1119 Sutter.
PHVSICIANS A.\D SLHGEOXS.
DR. C C. O'DONNELL— Office and residence.
1U21V4 Market e_. bet. «th and 7th; particu-
lar attention paid to CJseaees of women.
BLOOD. eWn and rectal diseases a specialty.
DR. BALL. 1073 H Market st.
ELECTRIC treatment for all female diseases;
treats successfully. 405 Sutter et.
REMOVED — DR. WONO HIM. herb doctor.
. treats all diseases of the human body; for
*. past four years _t 11&-117 M_sos: now ID-
S' cated at CC7 Geary et-, near Lcarcnwort— ,
Dll. TONG PO CHY. successor to Er. LI Po
Tal. nerb doctor, cures ail diseases of human
by use of herbs and teas. 727 Washington st.
.WONG WOO, the famous herb doctor — AH dis-
eases cared by Chinese herbs. 716-8 Clay st.
tive of Boston, Maes., aged 83 years 4 months
and 23 days.
(CTFriends and acquaintance* are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral Thursday,
. October 15, 1003, at 1 o'clock, from the mor-
tuary chattel, of J. S.- Godeau, 805 Mont-
gomery avenue, thence to Red Men's Hall,
where services -will bo held under tha aus-
pices of Sotoyome Tribe No. 12, I. O. of
R., commencing at 1:30 o'clock.
LICHTENSTEIN— In Alaska. September 19,
1903, Arthur, dearly beloved son of Max and
Louite Llchtejusteln, and brother of Albert,
Henry, Max. Edith and Lulu Llchtenstein,
Mrs. W. W. Hewitt. Mrs. F. Quinlan. Mrs.
B. F. Hanlon and the late Edward Lichten-
stein, a native of San Francisco, aged 27
years 0 months and 14 days. . •
MILLS— At his home in San Pablo, Contra
j Costa County, October 13, 1903, James Mills,
beloved husband of Mary Jane Mills, and
. /father ot Mrs. , Jennie Nicholl, Angellne.
Emma F. and May Ellen Mills, Mrs. H. F.
Lyon and James, Adele J. and Mabel Jr.
Mills, aged 79 years 7 months and 12 days.
MITCHEL— In this city. October 13. 1003,
Ethel Josephine, beloved daughter ot George
and Bertha A. Mltchel, and sister of Oeorge
F. Michel, a native of San Francisco, aged
4 years 4 months" and 21 days. ;
IT—^Friends and acquaintance* are respect- '
fully invited to attend the funeral services
Thursday, October 15, 1903, at 1 o'clock, at
the residence of her parents, 1012 Shotwell
' street.
NEWMAN— In this city, October 13, 1903, Ar-
nold, beloved brother of Morris Newman, a
native of Hungary, aced 30 years.
O'BRIEN— In this city, October 13, 1903. John
' J. O'Brien, beloved son of Margaret and the
late Cornelius O'Brien, and brother of Cor-
. nellus A.. Timothy, . Mary and Annie O'Brien,
. aged 29 years 11 months and 23 days.
CNotico of funeral hereafter. Please
omit flowers.
PRENDERGAST— In this city, October 12.
1003, Martin, beloved husband ot the late
Rose Prendergast, and father of John J.,
P. H.. James M. and the late Thomas and
Martin Prendergast and Mrs. Charles F.
Brown, a native of Ireland, aged 48 years.
(E7Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Wednesday), at 8:30 o'clock, worn the resi-
dence of his eon, James M. Prredergast, 8173
Twenty-second street, thence to St. Peter's
Church, where a requiem high mass will be
celebrated for the repose of his soul, com-
mencing at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery.
ROCK— In this city, October 13,- 1903. Edna
Maud, beloved daughter of Emma and the
late Robert Rock, beloved sister of Guy
Rock and Roy Scanlan, and granddaughter
of. Mrs. Rose Laws, a native of Salinas,
Monterey County, aged 24 yearn 3 months
and 19 days.
C_~Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 11 o'clock, from the residence
of her itrandmother, 1735 Green street. In-
terment Holy Croas Cemetery.
! ROSS— In this city, October 12, 1003, Sallie
L., beloved wite of the late Daniel Ross, and
mother cf James E. Finch and Mrs. G. W.
Hammett, a native of Rldgeville, W»rren
County, Ohio, aged 76 years 3 months and 4
day*. (Elyrla, Ohio, papers please copy.)
' l_7"Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Wednes-
day, at 11 o'clock, from her late residence,
184 Clipper street. Interment private.
SAYLE— In Alameda. October 12, 1903. Ade-
line M. Sayle. widow of the late Algernon
S. Sayle, a native of Tennessee, axed 61
years and 7 months.
in? Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral "Wednes-
day. October 14, at 2 o'clock, from her late
residence, 1705 Central avenue. Interment
Mountain View Cemetery, Oakland.
SHILLCOCK— In this city. October 12, 1903.
Hester M.. wife of Henry J. Shlllcock, a na-
tive of Newark, N. J.
CryFuneral and interment strictly private.
SIMONDS — In this city, at his residence, 935
Clay street. October 12, 1003, Rev. Sam-
uel D. Simonds, a superannuated member
of the California Conference of the M. E.
Church, a motive of Vermint, aged 90 years.
IC7Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
to-day (Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, at the
chapel of Charles H. J. Truman & Co., 1901)
Mission street, between Fifteenth and Six-
teenth. Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
TRUMPP— In this city, October 13, 1903. at
her residence, 445 Noe street, Mrs. C. C.
Trumpp, mother of William and Charles
Trumpp and the late Mrs. E. L. Rothvmel,
and. grandmother of Louise J., Fred C. and
Henry P. Rothermel, a native of Oermany,
aged 88 years 10 months and 9 days.
VALENCIA— In this city, October 13, 1903.
Louis KrnesU, beloved son of Mrs. R. A.
Valencia, and brother of William E., Alfred
E. and Josle M. Valencia, a native of Cali-
fornia, aged 25 years 0 months and 20 days. ,
lETNotlce of funeral hereafter. t
VARNEY— In this city, October 12, 1003, Ben- ;
jamln F., beloved husband of the late Lydia
Ann Varney, ami father of Percy G. and
Benjamin F. Varney Jr.. Mrs. Mae Phillips
and Mrs. Helen Bradford, a native of New
Hampshire, aged 75 years. (Lowell, Mass.,
papers please copy.)
C7"Frlends and acquaintances are respect- I
fully invltud to attend the funeral to-day
(Wednesday), Rt 1:30 o'clock, from the par-
lors of Halsted & Co., 04U Mission street.
Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery, by elec-
tric enr from Eighteenth and Guerrero
streets.
WALLIN— In this city, October 12, 1003, An-
drew, dearly beloved husband of Emma Wal-
lln, a native of San Francisco, aged 38 years
7 months and 28 days.
fl_TFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors
of the Pacific Undertakers, 777 Mission street.
Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
WARD — In Santa Cruz. October 6, 1903, Wil-
liam Roache Ward, beloved husband of Lou-
; Isa Ward, and father of W. J.. J. S., C. H.,
A. L., J. M. and the Misses Annie L. and
Aggie A. Ward and the late Clem H. Ward,
a native of Canada, ased 66 years 5 months
and 26 days.
j WOOD— In this city, October 13, 1903. Ed-
ward P. Wood, beloved husband of Ann
Wood, father of the late George and Joseph
Wood, and grandfather of Edward and Cle-
ment Wood, a native of Catskill, Orange
County, N. Y., aged 72 years.
r (CTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 8:30 o'clock, from his late
residence, 523 Second street, thence to St. j
Brendan's Church, • where a solemn requiem
mass will be celebrated for the repose of his
i soul, cemmencine at 0 o'clock. • Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery. . \
ZOBEIj — In this city. October 12. 1003, Ludwig,
beloved husband of Marie Zobel, father of
Myron Zobel, son of Julius and Flora Zobel
of Los Angeles, and brother of Mrs. H. Hoff-
man, Mrs. A. Meyer and Sam Zobel of Los
Angules, a native of Germany, aged 35 years
9 months and 26 days. (Los Angeles papers
please copy.)
E~"The funeral services will be held to-
day (Wednesday), at 1 p. m., at the resi-
dence of Mr. A. Blumenthal, 1347 Golden
Gate avenue. Interment Hills of Eternity
Cemetery by train leaving Third and Towns-
end streets at 2:30 d. m.
ST. DOMINIC'S Church Building Association —
The monthly requiem high mass for the de-
ceased members of St. Dominic's Church
Building Association, and for parents and
relatives of living members, will be sung In
St. Dominic's Church Thursday, at 0 o'clock.
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
JjiP Dr.R.L.Walsh
' _*<T*M »t a!s ftrmix ifins )
«» * 847 Geary St.
lirtet'y opposite Siratagt Htll
Reduced Rates for Thirty Days
Painless Extraction 25c
Fillings . . . •. 50c
Crowns ...... . $2.00 to $5.00
Plate Work ... $5.00 to $25.00
LOOK FOB THIS AD. EACH OTHER DAT."Wedding invitations, very superior, printed
or engraved. Edw. S. Knowles. 24 Second st.«
The House of Representatives costs
$3,000,000 a year and the Senate $1,400,000.
P^latt Wants Temporary
Franchise for Geary-
Street Road.
Horace G. Platt, president of the Geary
street Railway Company, sent a com
munication yesterday to Chairman Braun
hart of the Supervisors' Public Utilities
Committee asking that the corporation be
permitted to operate its road between the
expiration of its franchise on November
6, 1903, and such time as a new franchise
is granted. The communication follows:
The franchise of the Geary-atreet. Park and
Ocean Railroad Company expires on the 6th
day of November of this year.
Kmier the charter. If the board determines
to grant a new franchise, notice of «uch deter
mination must be advertised for ten days.
After the completion of said ten days the board
must then wait at least twenty days before
taking further action. During this thirty days
bids may be filed. At the expiration of said
twenty days an ordinance may be Introduced
by the board granting the rranchise to th«
highest bidder. The board must then wait
ninety days before putting the ordinance on
final passage.
It will, therefore, require 120 days or four
months before the franchise could be granted to
tho successful bidder, if the board should de
termine to grant the franchise to any.
This company would like to be permitted to
operate It* road pending the expiration of Its
franchise and the granting of the new fran
chise to whoever bo the successful bidder. I
would like to have a consultation with you
upon the subject ln order that we may discuss
this suggestion.
If you will be so kind as to name the hour
and place when we could consult ln regard to 1
this matter, either at the City Hall or at your
office or at my office. I shall be much obliged.
Aa this matter will be referred to your com
mittee, I make this suggestion in order that
matters may be facilitated by a previous dis
cussion.
In reply the following communication
was sent by Braunhart to Platt:
I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt
of your letter of the 12th Inst. ln re franchise
of Geary-street. Park and Ocean Railroad Com
r>any and beg to inform you that as chairman
oTThe Committee on Public Utilities I have
deemed It advisable to call a meeting of the
committee on Thursday. October 22. 1903. at
3 o'clock p m. at which time the suggestions
you have made will be duly considered by the
full committee. Your attendance at said meet-
Ing Is respectfully requested.
Young Ladies' Institute.
The members of Young Ladies' Institute
No. 7 of this city have arranged for an
entertainment and ball in Lyric Hall, 121
Eddy street, on the evening of October 29.
A feature of the programme of entertain
ment -will be a farce in which several
prominent members of the institute will
take part.
In the meantime Nawella Williams, an
other stepdaughter of the accused, ar
rived upon the scene. The young woman
talked very freely about the way things
had been going on ln the Russell house
for the last three months. She said she
had been driven away from home by the
brutality of her stepfather and that she
worked for A. Bradley at 1940 Market
street, and entirely supported herself.
She also said that her stepfather fought
with her because she would not give him
her earnings, so she left and struck out
for herself. She stated that two months
ago her stepfather drew a pistol and
threatened to kill her mother and that she
Jumped between the two and saved her
mother's life. She said that her mother
had been in fear of her life for some time
end had decided to leave Russell and was
saving her earnings for this purpose. Her
mother worked at the Code, Portwood
Canning Company. Sha asserted that
only two weeks ago Russell had
taken her mother up to the Mar-
V.ct-strcet cut and, pointing out a se
cluded spot, saJd: "When I get ready I
am going to bring you up here and kill
you." She also stated that Russell abused
her little sisters shamefully, hitting, kick
ing and beating them unmercifully, and
BELIEVES IT IS MURDEB.
Jeff Russell was dispatched for a" doctor,
but returned with Officer W. V. Burke,
who arrived. on the scene very soon after
the tragedy. In the meantime Russell
was crying and groaning and kicking up
a tremendous commotion, raving like a
madman, yelling out that he thought it
was a burglar he was shooting at and
that he never meant to kill his wife. De
tectives D. G. Bell and E. Stanton were
promptly on the scene and took Russell
to the Hall of Justice, where a charge of
murder was entered against him, and the
body of the murdered woman was con
veyed to the Morgue. ' . •• ...
ORA RUSSELL, a colored worn- j
an, was. It is believed by the po- i
lice, brutally murdered by her
husband, Hilliard Russell, just
before daybreak yesterday. The
woman arose at 4:30 a. m. to prepare
breakfast and was standing ln the door
way leading to the kitchen of their home
at 159 Corbett avenue when her husband,
who was only six feet distant, fired the
contents of a double barreled shotgun
into her face, tearing away nearly half
of her head. Russell claims he thought
he was firing at a burglar, but the mem
bers of the family assert that the trag
edy was a cold blooded murder. Russell
and his wife occupied the main front
room of their home, two little girls Ro
sella Williams, daughter of the murdered
woman by a former husband, and Lacy
Russell, daughter of the accused, slept
together in an adjoining front room. A
back room was occupied by. Jeff Russell,
a brother of Hilliard. The little girls
were awakened by hearing the cry "bur
glar," followed by the voice of the moth
er crying; "Have mercy," and then they
heard the gunshot. Little Lacy was so
frightened that with one bound she
jumped through the closed window Into
the garden, smashing • the large pane of
glass to atoms. Rosella opened the door
of her room and there found her mother
lying ln a pool of blood - and Russell
kneeling beside her shouting "Wife!
Wife!"
MIDDLnSBORO|» Ky.. Oct. 13. — A feud on
Clear Fork betweM the Sowders and Parton
families has resulted ln the killing of James
Parton.
MAN' WHO IS ACCUSED OF
MURDERING HIS WIFE AND
HIS VICTIM.
Reduced rates on household goods to A frcn»
the East & South. Bekln's. 11 Montgomery. •
Edward E. Leonhardt and Mary A.
Smith, well known residents of Napa.
were married yesterday by Justice of the
Peace Daniels in the latter*s courtroom.
Uapa Residents Marry.
Good printing Is the Crst quality to employ
ln any business. Mysell-Rolhns. 22 Clay. •
Gus "Wherer, a porter, was arrested at
an early hour yesterday morning on How
ard street by i Policeman Connolly and
booked at the CHr Prison on a charge
of felony embezzlement. He is accused
by Herman Werner, 810 .r'olsom street, of
embezzlins $"3 worth of goods which Wer
ner claims belonged to him. Wherer .al
leges that the goods belonged to him and
he had a perfect right to sell them.
Accused of Embezzlement.
Gniseppl Pizzonl. a laborer, aged 43
years, died in the Southern Pacific Hos
pital in this city last Monday night from
injuries received in Stockton on August
13 by being run over by a freight train.
Killed by a Train.
WOULD CONTINUE
TO OPERATE LINE
sent frequently under guard to Fort Mas
on and the Presidio and it is thought that
he might have been a go-between. Stokes
was the only man of the four that re
ceived any money on release.
There Is no doubt In the minds of the
officers that the prisoners were aided
by a confederate in this city. Otherwise,
the letter In which the pardons were sent
could not have been mailed to Major Pax
ton at Alcatraz. It was feared at first
that more men might have secured their
freedom through like forgeries when it
was learned that Major Morrow's book
keeping would have allowed such matters
to pass unnoticed and great relief is felt
at headquarters that the escape is an iso
lated instance.
Morrow thinks that he will get descrip
tions of the escapes within a day or two.
He does not know whether he will ask
the peace officers throughout the State
to be on the lookout. The Government
gives a reward of $30 for the return of
escaped prisoners.
He denied the charge that he had ever
been sentenced to imprisonment, but ad
mitted he had been arrested for petty
larceny, but was not convicted. He stated
that until a year ago he resided in Los
Angeles, and that his father, Sheldon Rus
sell, still livea there.
Russell is a small sized, middle aged
negro. When seen at the' Hall of Jus
tice he appeared of a very meek and
mild type and not at all the sort of brute
that the children depicted him. He stated
that he had worked at Gray Bros.' brick
yard and had been there since May. He
also said that the shooting was purely
the result of a mistake and that he al
ways kept the gun by the head of the
bed, as he feared burglars would enter
the house, as some time ago he claimed
some one had entered the house and
stolen $30 from under his pillow. He said
he was awakened about 4:30 a. m. and
looking Into the adjoining room he saw
in the faint moonlight the face of what
he thought was a white man. Thinking
it was a burglar, he grabbed the gun and
fired.
With one voice the three all expressed
the same thought that it was not only
murder but was most cowardly and bru
tal at that.
Another daughter, Genervy Russell, Is
working away from home as a domestic.
RUSSELL IS MEEK.
when she Interfered he would attack her.
She further stated that Russell had been
In the penitentiary for a period of three
years for criminal assault. She says he
was not a drinking man, but that he was
always ugly and cruel.
Little Rosella confirmed all her sister
had stated, and added that her stepfather
had beaten her and recently hit her on
the head and kicked her down the back
stairs. Little Lacy Russell, the young
est, also said that her father had strip
ped her, beaten her and tied her up by
the thumbs.
Mrs. Hannah Christiansen of 879 Filbert
street was Instantly killed yesterday
morning by falling from a balcony in the
rear of her home while engaged in hang-
Ing clothes upon a line to dry. She had
placed a short ladder against the side of
the house with the lower end resting on
the floor of the balcony. In ascending the
ladder her. weight caused It to slip,
and, losing her balance, she fell to
the ground on he/ head, a distance of
twenty-three feet, fracturing her skull.
Mrs. Christiansen was a widow, 55 years
of age, and the mother of six children. .
Mrs. Hannah Christiansen Meets Her
Death While Hanging Out the
Family Washing.
WIDOWED MOTHER KILLED
BY FALL FROM BALCONY
Hibernians to Entertain.
Division No. 5. Ancient Order of Hi
be-rr.lans. is making preparations for its
entertainment nrA dance to be held in
T'nion Square Hall on Thursday evening,
October 22. when an excellent pro
pxamme Is to be presented. The commit
tee having the affair in charge consists
of R. J. Curtin. W. I. Reardon, T. P.
O'Dowd. E. P. Hogan. F. Londervllle. M.
Leonard, J. Craren, D. McMahon, C.
Mahoney. J. Johnson, E. Rigney, Dr.
Howard, J. Ryan. P. Lynch and J. Mc-
Donnell.
Joseph Doering. a cattleman from Mon
tana, who is livlr.c with friends at 1241
Sixth avor.ue South, went to the saloon
of Robert Chambers, 1921 Fifteenth ave
nue South, en Monday night. Doering
had several drinks and he and Chambers
quarreled about change. Chambers pulled
a revolver from under the bar and fired
a shot at Doering. missing him. Cham
bers was arrested on a charge of assault
with a deadly weapon, but when the case
¦was called before Police Judge Fritz yes
terday Doering refused to swear to a com
plaint against Chambers or prosecute him.
a6 he said they were friends. The Judge
dismissed the case.
Fires a Shot at Cattleman.
We figure that four or five automobiles will
be able to do the work of collecting mall in
San Francisco that now requires seventeen
horses and wagons. If the experimental work
shows that we can use automobiles for collect-
Ing mall It Is the intention to make the change,
provided, of course, that the bids for the use or
the automobiles do not exceed the amount now
allowed for the hire of horses and wagons.
Chief Postal Inspector R. R. Munroe
stated yesterday that if It was found
that the work of collecting mail could
be done by the aid of automobiles, bids
would be asked for to have the new ser
vice performed. He said:
It is not Intended to purchase automobiles
for the work, but to have the use of the ma
chines in the same manner as we now use
horses and waeons. We will ask for bids to
be furnished for the use of the machines by
the postal department. Automobiles are now
being used In some cities ln the East and their
use for collecting mall is proving most satis
factory. Saving- of time Is one of the most
essential features of the postal department.
' Before a final report Is made the vari
ous postal collection districts in this city
will be covered by automobiles, in
order that complete information may be
furnished to the postal authorities ln
Washington.
At the present time mall 1n San Fran
cisco Is collected by the use of seven
teen wagons and horses. They are fur
nished under contract by a local firm,
bids having been called for in the usual
manner.
The work of collecting mall ln this dis
trict by a wagon and horse usually cov
ers three hours, but the automobile cov
ered the ground in one hour and twenty
three minutes, a saving of one hour and
thirty-seven minutes.
The unusual spectacle of mail being
collected In an automobile attracted con
siderable attention ln the business dis
trict.
Postal Inspector James O'Connell, with
a number of postal officials, started out
in on automobile to collect mall from
boxes in a down-town district.
Collecting letters from mall boxes by
the use of automobiles Is likely to be in
augurated ln San Francisco in the near
future. The- question of Baving time in
the mall collections Is one that has been
under discussion by local postal officials
for some time, and the experimental work
of using automobiles was commenced
yesterday.
Two years ago it was given out that
a deal was about to be closed Involving
the purchase of the corner. This was
denied as the negotiations at that time
failed. Since then it has been ascertained
that the owners were willing to sell, pro
vidlr.g they could get the price they de
sired. This was placed at Jl.000.000.
The lot has a frontage of 175 feet on
Market street, 170 feet on Fourth and
375 feet on Stever.Fon street. It is covered
with old time buildings that are worth
very little Intrinsically, but. by reason
of their exceptionally good position, have
been able to earn an income that 1? re
ported to amount to $35,000 per annum.
The price that is paid for the land and
buildings is reported to be $1,000,000.
Some .of the leases run for quite a
time. Nothinp may be done toward large
ly improving the corner until they ex
pire, but it is the intention of the syndi
cate to erect a modern office building of
large cost whenever it shall seem best to
proceed.
G. H. Urabsen & Co. yesterday conclud
ed negotiations, which have been pro
ceeding for some time, for tho purchase
of the southeast corner of Market and
Fourth streets. The property, which is
opposite the old Flood building, was fh«
property of Clarence H. Mackay and
Maria L. H. Mackay, his mother. The
purchaser Is a syndicate composed of lo
cal capitalists, that has plans for the
improvement cf the property when the
existing leases run out.
Ralph E. Williams, who was sent to
Alcatraz from Manila for defrauding the
Government out of about $10,000, is sus
pected of having some connection with
the escape. He was a very clever pen
man and worked ln offices where he
could become familiar with orders for
remissions of sentences.
He was also a friend of White, one of
the escapes. The last named felon worked
in the adjutant's office at the prison, but
his work was clumsy. John L. Moore
worked in the printing office at Alcatraz
and might have printed the letter heads,
although It Is generally supposed that this
part of the work at least was done on the
outside.
The two negroes were uneducated and
assigned to ordinary work. Darling was
WILLIAMS SUSPECTED.
The incident has brought to light the
fact that Judge Advocate Henry W. Mor
row has failed to keep this tally, either
through ignorance of his open duty or
through negligence. Had the news of the
escape of the four convicts not been
brought to headquarters through rumors
that circulated among the prison guards,
other men. Major Morrow admits,
might have escaped by the same
means. He states that he thought
his clerk kept such matters in
his head. Illustrative of the trite say
ing anent locking stable doors. Major
Morrow says that he Intends to keep his
books properly hereafter. He has sur
veyed his returns for the last nine
months and asserts that only the four
men have escaped on forged orders.
The officials at the prison keep a very
accurate set of accounts and cannot be
blamed for being deceived by the forgery.
Colonel Andrews of the adjutant gener
al's office took the preliminary step
in the investigation, and Gener
al MacArthur subsequently assigned the
case to Major Morrow. This latter called
in Handwriting Expert Eisensehlmmel,
who says that the work is very crude.
The printing on the forged documents is
dissimilar to the War Department pa
per and the numerals are not in the
proper alignment.
The forger knew the details of the work
perfectly. He numbered the document
improperly, however, and gave the wrong
rank to officers whose purported signa
tures were attached.
The officials at army headquarters ar.
vainly attempting to get a, trace of Jos
eph White, John L. Moore, Cornelius
Stokes (colored) and James Darling
(colored), who escaped from Alcatraz
prison a week ago to-day on forged or
ders remitting their sentences, which
amounted to about two years ln each
case. Major Morrow, judge advocate,
and Major Williams, assistant adjutant
general, assert that their signatures were
forged to the documents.
The Washington authorities tele
graphed General MacArthur yesterday
that the Secretary of War had remitted
the unexpired sentence . of Cornelius
Stokes on Monday, but that nothing had
been done in th*» cases of the other men.
Stokes went free on the forged order
five days before he would have been leg
ally released.
The document on which prisoners are
released Is a letter, with the War Depart
ment head, on which is typewritten a
formal order signed by an assistant ad
jutant general. The department judge
advocate and adjutant Indorse the paper
and it Is sent to Major Paxton. prison
commander, who releases the men. He
makes a report subsequently to the judge
advocate, who is supposed to compare the
returns with his orders from Washington
to see that everything Is straight.
FAILS TO KEEP RECORD.
Experimental Work With Mo
tor Machines Shows
Time Saved.
Fine Building to Be Erected
at Market and Fourth
Streets.
Clever Scheme Successfully
Worked by Quartet of
Military Convicts.
Purchase Price of Prop
erty Reported to Be
31,000,000.
Horses and Vehicles
Now in Use May Be
Discarded.
Pour Prisoners Escape
From" Alcatraz on
Bogus Pardons.
SYNOICATE BUYS
MACKAY CORNER
AUTOMOBILES
AS MAIL WAGONS
ARMY OFFICIALS
ARE MYSTIFIED
THE SAN FBANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, OCTOBER 14, 1903.
Children of Mrs. Dora Russell Declare That Their
Mother Was Brutally Killed by Their Step-
Father After Many Threats to Take Her Life
NEGRO IS BEHIND PRISON BARS
CHARGED WITH MURDER OF WIFE
14
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
YOU WILL BE ALL
SMILES AGAIN
Forg«t Your Stomach and You'll
Have a Santa Claus Face.
HOW TO DO IT.
Tf ther* is onp thing more than all others
that vrill give a man a forlorn and friendless
appearance and make him morbid and
""cranky" aad disagreeable, that thing Is dys-
pepsia. It makes one forget his friends and
become morose and Irritable. He i% eo wrapped
up in hia own misery that he le inconsUerate
of every one else. Relieved of this terrible
and derrpssir-e ailment, he again becomes a
good fellow and a man among; men.
Stuart's Dy?rers=!a Tablets are beyond ques-
tion the most effective and popular remedy
ever offered to the sufferer* of this terrible
disease. The thousands and thousands of
cures they have brought about and the enor-
mous increase of their sales fully attest the
truth of this statement.
They are. above all. a natural remedy. They
posre** exactly the same properties that the
pastric juiceg and other digestive fluids of the
etomach possess, and they actually do the di-
gestive work of the stomach and enable that
organ to rest and recuperate and become sound
and well. They act in a mild, natural manner
and cause r.o disturbance in the digestive or-
cans. They prex-ent any fermentation of tho
food which causes sour stomach. In fact, un-
der their influence the subject for&eU that he
has a stomach and his resulting cheerfulness
presents a creat contrast to his former dejec-
tion.
MHlions of boxes of Stuart's Dyspepsia Tab-
Jets are Bold annually and they are but In the
<!awn of their popularity. Every mail brings
letter* of thanksgiving fronj grateful one» who
have been cured of this terrible disease. The
following is one of hundreds received each
Rev. J. R. Hoag of 'Wymore, Jfebr., writes:
'Tor eix years I have been troubled with dys-
pepsia. Last fall I became xcry much alarmed
et come symptoms of heart trouble and came
to believe there was a sympathetic relation be-
tween the two disease?, or rather that the
etomach trouble was the cause of the heart
disturbances. I hit upon Stuart'* Dyspepsia
Tabl«s for a remedy and invested a dollar and
a half for three boxes which lasted me three
months, and I can eat any kind of food I want
and have a good, vigorous appetite. Although
I am 77 years old, I now feel perfectly well
and without being requested by any cne I
make this statement as a compliment to the
virtues of Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets."
Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets are for sale by
all druggists at &Oc a box.
I 1 IS THE MARK OF M
{ J CLUETT, PEABODY & CO. E3
E§1 ? MAKERS J»3
\
ADVERTISEMENTS.
*
This week we will show a most eleaant
stock of FRENCH and ENGLISH Black DRESS
FABRICS at exceedin&lu low prices.
$1 (If) vA 50-inch Black English Zibelinei
«pi.uv y\i. S1 ik finish.
$1 Oil vA §4-inch Black English Granite
tPi.uuju. cloth.
$1.00 yd. 44-inch Black French Voile.
<M K V A 47-inch Black English Pebble
Ql.Ld yu. camels 1 Hair.
$1 25 vd 7 " lncl1 Black NoDI)8 CanYas Sui^
$1.50 yd. 54-inch Black Pebble CheYiot.
$L50 ydi 44-inch Black NoDDe Etamins-
We will also show a full varietu of fine
NoDDe Canvas Cloths, CreDs Etamines, Silk
Camels' Hair, Broadcloth and Venetians.
We have just 0D°ned a veru large ship-
ment of Ladhs', Children's and Gents' Um-
brellas, in pure Silk r Silk Gloria, Silk Serge
and Taffeta Silk, These are in natural wood,
ivory, pearl, silver and oxidized- bandies and
range in price from 50c to $15.00 each.
|%Jf-^T"*"H^ Orders by mall receive prompt attention.
1 V--r 1 JL_^ All orders f r samp.'es or goods fl.'led and
"~" shipped same day they are received.
ill, 113, 115, 117, 119, 121 POST STREET.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
§§§§^ 8-l C J < ' y i, and i effe K tlvely ln a " ea8M of Nervoui Headache, Sick
J$$$$$$$: P«i«Jf, I. Lumbago, Sea-Sickness, Car-Slckneas, Irritability,
;^^X Periodic, Bearing-down and Ovarian Pains.
N^^v for h'L^^ ery F£ te J ul that X have found such a Perfect remedy
S$$$S$$$ £?!„- £ dache. I had a sunstroke while in the army, and ever
J$$$X$Ss since have suffered treaty from headache and biliousness. Tho
C§$$$X^ nm y v5u th r a i ever Bave mo a °y relief is Dr. Miles 1 Anti-Pain
SSS$SSSS: fV lls « wh |. c . h ' V s ** 1 wlt " satisfactory results for a number
of years. — M. S. BALLARD. 98 Catlina Ave.. Pasadena. Calif.
S$$C$O$i t i' 1 ha^© frequently used Dr. Miles' Anti-Pain Pills for Neu-
$$$$$$^ ralgria. and they invariably grlve speedy relief. Also in traveling.
$S$SSSNV < S m , ne a1 r xT^. 1 A^ t^ them to Prevent drowsiness and headache."—
sSi§SSS^ SANFORD. Mgr. Etna Springs Hotel/ Etna Springs. Calif.
SnnnSSSv "Two years ago I had a severe attack of La Grippe, and was
under the doctor's care for five days without any relief. Then I
SSSSSSSS bought a box of Dr. -Miles' Anti-Pain Pills, and five Pain Pills
? ur ?£ "If* ¦ A ™ \\ or i tlme a S° I ha d another attack, but thanks
ii^SSS^SSSSS^ &,, th .? It 3 tLtT^V* 00 " cured, taking only three of the
ffifrVll^m^itrn ¦ Pills."— JOHN N. PURTTEMAN. Glendale. Ore.
oooc$o$N: Neuralgia, Rheumatism, Sciatica, Backache, La Grippe, Pain In
sSxnnxxV' Stomach, Ague Pains, Indigestion, Dizziness, Nervousness and
xvnnnSS?: Sleeplessness.
$N>!>>S>x "Once, and often twice a week, for years I have had spells
XSSSSSSx of duN- heavy pains across the forehead accompanied with
pains in heart, arm and shoulders 1 find Dr^ Miles' Anti-Pain
ScsSSSSSC Pills very beneficial, one tablet usually being sufficient to stop
iSsSS$S$S the pain."— MRS. LEON A ELDER. Wheatland. Calif.
"I could not get along without Dr. Miles' Antl-Paln Pills.
sSSxCsSSS They give me almost instant relief from almost any pain.
SSSSvvvv I give them to all of the children, even the baby, and we feel
no bad effects afterwards, as one does from most medicines."—
vSSSSSSS^ MRS. IRA ALLEN. 208 Indiana Ave.. Riverside. Calif.
ssssssns; .¦¦.-.•¦- . ' ¦ .
'•''U ISSsS^SSx^V D r - Miles' Antl-Paln Pills are sold by all druggists, 25 cents a
jRC'VNSNSSNSS^t box, under a positive guarantee that the first box well benefit
ftVYWmiftVtVia or money refunded.
Ihe Genuine Dr. Miles' Remedies are never sold at Cat Prices.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
SABLE and "!
ISABELLA I
In all the stylish lengths i
V /iUU I
San Francisco I
Never Knew I
Such a Bargain. I
We've not given our biff and splendid S
collection of Fur Neckwear half the H
newspaper publicity it deserves — bust- H
ness has been surging in so strong we R
really haven't had time. But the sub- t
ject Is one to enthuse over. H
Customers tell us that our styles ar* D
the most beautiful ln the city and that I
our prices are the easiest to pay. And ™
1/ they prove they mean what they say 1
by buying here at a rate that Is giving 1
us the largest business ln our history. H
We'd like to have you visit our third H
floor and let us show you all the new B
and beautiful fur. things. n
ADVEBTISEaTENTS. '
eeoocQdooooooGOQooooao
I MISSION |
I FURNITURE I
• At 20% Discount |
• From Regular Prices. ©
• » ©
o •
O We offer our entire line of o
| MISSION AND |
8 WEATHERED OAK g
8 Dining-Room furniture %
8 Bookcases 8
8 Desks 8
8 Chairs 8
8 Tables, Etc. %
8 — 8
|Chas.M.Plum&Co.s
o Cor. Sib and Market Sts. o
• ©
oo«oooocooo»caoq#o»o»»
Guaranteed Pure* b
None So Gqo<£» |
Sold EVerytohgrsi. |
HILBERT MERCANTILE CO.. W
Pacific Coast Agents. Xf
-, ta - ctUTeTra Price.
J. MABTY, 23 Turk Street.
Factory— 826 Howard Street. Repairing.
f\ 9 B l\ B ft Ammunition. Hunting and
S 18s4«V fc P°rt'n< Good.. Large,:
B rj n g fiVj stock. Lowest price*. Sena
B«3 a rcr catalogue.
yy9V V# SHREVE A BARBER CO..
73d Market at. t a4 3U
Kcarsj «.