exclamation made him almost drop the
gold. . . "' . , ¦¦
"Look— look, man! English 1 •• ; English
writing in , some brown sort of. ink and—
ah! what's that great rusty-red splash at
the bottom?" * - ' ¦ ' >
Roy .was now staring over the other's
shoulder.
"Bring ' the paper to r the ; window," he
said; . "the light ¦ begins . to \ wane." -
They scanned the scrawl and the splash
Closely before endeavoring to decipher It
"We need no detective to read this rid
dle,"- said • Tracy Fain, i 'The* poor; soul
who began" to write it never * lived \ to fin
ish. D'you see the blot at the end where
his' pen suddenly fell?" \
"Yes, in the middle of i a 1 word.* And
the splash at the bottom72JSWB
"An -Englishman's blood.- rm ; afralcV
As ; he \ bent «.¦ over { his , work ; some " black
guard came - up * behind I and : put : a knife
through his \ back ore bullet through ' his
head. Aa for the writing, it's wonderful
ly neat and fine,' though probably : the ma
terials were ; very rough— a porcupine quill
for pen and some decoction of berries for
lnk."^«fE$0& . : -.-> -. ¦••.'. ' - ,
••Better; read; if If we ¦ can/: 'said ¦ Roy.
"That t- may save ; the .trouble : of , making
any more theories."
'•/: Together > the / two • men r bent -. over ! ; the
crumpled ', paper. .:. Then, i as yFaln :_ slowly
made • out * the' strange document .' now , for
the first / time * since < its V creation . s*pread
before a ; white , : man's : eyes,' Meldrum
wrote fa • fair.: copy, in ' his '• pocketbook and
afterward read • It .¦ aloud.' Thus it ¦ ran :
"» this I day • In sound mind and
body, s yet having the fear, of death most
violently ; and vividly ; before my eyes and
in * my' ears, I' set down : these : facts with
some ; slight hope : that through . the hon
esty - and • faithfulness . of ; , my - servant,
Pomba, 1 all • that ¦ I ' have* achieved and ' suf
fered ; may , not be lost with some monkey
trick * of s fate. '
"In. brief space the facts are these; and
let ' any, honest- man,: If such shall ; ever, be
come r acquainted - with .'them.*.' look'ito"' it
that ' those . presently, to be mentioned hear
thia > story. - * Through ' the hands ? of ', Pom
ba; ' If I •; fall,"; r nope ' and '¦. pray ; these words
may * reach '•. civilization, - and by his : help
alone ¦ can ; my'} treasure : be * recovered.
''Long : years . ego '{ I \ worked ; at ' Kimber
ley. In the old days before the amalgama-
"So this poor chap found. ..The foe fell
on him <llke : a whirlwind, doubtless; and
he and his '¦ faithful ' Pomba were sent to
•kingdom come* together."
? I CHAPTER IL
THB OTHER BIDS OF THE PAPER.
Through the : shadows of ; evening, and
where pale blue mist- wreaths twined Uka
fingers over, the gold of the autumn
woods, Roy Meldrum '. and ' his cousin
passed ' rapidly. J- The elder* s last glimpse
of his' father's home showed its dart mass
and twisted ' chimneys rising against ' a
.rusty -red sunset The dog cart which
Meldrum drove quickly.. soon rattled them
back to Tunbrldge, ' and. after a comfort
able ' dinner at the hotel.* the cousins
' strolled i to the railway station and caught
1 the ' last train back" to town. V • *~ -\
Conversation quickened -over their
cigars In a first-class smoking compart
' ment,' of which ¦ they, were the sole occu
pants, and Roy's gloomy . reflections were
assailed and scattered before thoughts of
- the future ; in connection . with the curious
discovery of that afternoon. -
"By, the way," he said, "as w» are! to
share and , share . alike, I suppose one
must ;' keep the talisman, the other the
paper." Let ¦ me , retain . the gold disc and
"I don't know. I should have a great
time, anyway, and kill some heavy game,
and live every i moment of each thrilling
day. And ' at . worst a man v can only die
once." - - ¦ - ~ ?»M
"A gorgeous : wUdgoose ¦ chase 1 * Yon
wouldn't > spend : your .scanty patrimony
like thatr: . -
tlon, and being unsuccessful there, wan
dered, northward with three friends— tried
men alL But they have gone and the
spears of the Matabele let the life out of
them near twenty years ago. We had
struggled ' north by slow stages and
through many adventures, and when my
companions fell I would have welcomed
death gladly enough but- for those at
home.,
- ."The MatabeU took mt prisoner and,
iove'of.,life..giowlng again within me as
the chance «f it diminished, I conformed
to the. demands of my masters, instructed
them' m : the arts of civilization .and dwelt
with I them .for; the ..space* J of Sfour syears.
Then, - offering : and ; ;war
breaking out between two neighboring
tribes, I made my escape and endeavored
to; get back, south. But chance led my
steps astray and I avoided one danger
to fall In with others.
"The man Pomba of , the tribe of the
Batoncas ' I found sore wounded by the
wayside and was moved to play tho good
Samaritan. Never did human being save
a nobler and worthier life. Now on tho
eve of my last "attempt to return whence
I came It Is Pomba's right arm, his
strength and his skill I trust to. But even
he will have his powers taxed to. the ut
most, for this cursed country Is in up
roar, his own people, friendly until now,
have grown cold against me, and it may
go hard with us at any moment There
fore I write this much in hope that If I,
die, my treasure^ may not lie bidden, here
forever. :
"To be brief, after falling lnvwlth Pom
ba and;'saving. his 1 life,- he. attached him
self to me, ' proved my lucky genius and
marked the turning-point In my fortunes.
Withln^two months ; of 'our meeting in the
•land pffthe Kalongasil had struck wealth
as great ' as' any that man' has dreamed
of since, the tales of. Arabian Nights' en
tertainments; ' and \ now. with such dia
monds as I can carry, and'that Is a' num
ber- huge enough, I . set forth.
"But half my stupendous discovery lies
hidden close at hand— buried deep and safe
In the stony seed pods of • the umzlmbete
—a wild tree abundant hereabout There
It' will lie safe hidden from the knowledge
of all men but Pomba * and myself until
I return' to claim it if. ever I shall do so.
"To know the : exact - region, leave the
southern confines of Lake Mweru due
north, then press along ,. by the river
Ivuapula. that forms a boundary between
the Congo State and British territory.
'And, where divers lesser ; rl /era enter it
south of ' the lake •' of ; Mweru, take that
stream called -.Wambasi : and : follow . it
within 'the territory* of ' the Batoncas.
Here stands my hut,' .under an umzlmbete,
without • the village" boundary, beside the
.Golden Falls. : Appro— ." T * • ?' ;•¦'•'.,
Roy Meldrum stopped 'abruptly.
"That's- where -d,eath : «" ended* his. tnter*
i«st:ln dlamoiyls and everything, else," he
said; ; "yet— well,' what one man has hid
den, another might find— Is It not so? The
ruins of his hut may still stand under the
tree." ' ..; -'"''.. . : ¦¦
"You mean brains. Well. I know my
upper story is a bit light, but the few
things I have managed to cram into It
are just the sort to be useful on a Job
like this. Anyway you've got plenty of
brains for us both. Better change your
mind and come. You can only live your
life once, as I said before. Why not en-
Joy It?"
"As to enjoying It. old man, I can't
say a trip of this sort would give me the
least enjoyment in itself. But I should
like to make a fortune and you wouldn't
believe me. if I said I didn't".
"Well, let It -be., a bargain.' We may
do something that will wake the world
up. Who knows?".
"I can't dash at ' It in this hot-blooded
way. • You don't know what you're doing.
Only one white man ever gets through
to about 103 who go down on these explor
ations to Central Africa. 'Besides the ex
pense. Your money will go like water>
It's certainly 100 to 1 against us— perhaps
more. Let me review the position from
these scanty beginnings and" you'll sea
I'm light First here's a poor beggar,
name unknown, who has on his own con
fession been' residing with the niggers In
the bush for years. He gets away from
the 'Matabele at last and discovers a na
tive,-called Pomba, at death'* door.- They
become, tremendous chums and keep go
ins together until the white man strikes
it rich and apparently finds himself kick-
Ing diamonds about in the heart of Afri
ca. We are to understand that he and his
trusty Man Friday buried the bulk-' of
their treasure near a place called Golden
Falls, then got knocked on the head for
their pains; and we don't know to within
1000 miles or so where all this happened.
"Yes, we do. The directions are explicit
as can <be. The river Is named and the
tribe of niggers that he. thought he was
frienc'y with— the Batoncas. * Who killed
him we can't t& but seeing his message
was taken off a Batonca' s neck. 'It Isa't
hard to guess."
"It may seem clear enough on .paper.
But it's a different thing when you're a
stranger In a' strange land,, with nothing
but sun and stars to tell you your way
and a thousand dangers and enemies hid
ing on . both - hands. Think' twice. Roy.
and : don't waste.* your money. Second
thoughts are .best"
i At Charing . Cross the men parted after
an ¦ engagement to dine together > on the
following ' evening In I"racy Faln's dig
gings. .'Meldrum sought his club, and Fain
returned to his quarters in Westminster.
After." he had done so he, lighted a lamp.
drew his armchair to the table and again
produced the manuscript He looked
round him half as though he expected to
see' another person, then spread the pa- ¦
per.- turned It over and examined to*
back of it
, On the reverse of the sheet, ta eallgra
phy even more minute than that he had
already recited to Roy Meldrum, was one
line of forty words.. This he had caught
a glimpse cf when first he opened tha
manuscript but after reading the mala
document, "from some Impulse he had not
repeated the single line to his cousin. Tha
words ran along the bottom of the paper,
and now. taken' in connection with the
dead man's - other statement, they pos
sessed peculiar significance.
For a moment Tracy was In doubt
whether they had in reality any reference
to the main body. of the document; then
he decided that they must have.
Thus ran the strange direction:
"Stand where the peaks of the Antelope
Head Bluff are in one line. Then .wait till
the hour when the rainbow 'shines upon
the mist of the falls, and where the pur
ple of the arch touches the forest—there
in white ants*" nest".
Tracy, Fain wrinkled his brow over this)
enigmatic direction, then read and reread
the unfinished record on the other side.
Soon he defined his position with tha
added knowledge contributed by this sin
gle* line. It amounted to an exact direc
tion as to the position of the treasure.
Somewhere about the limit of British ter
ritory in the direction of Lake Tangan
yika, or in the extreme south of the Con
go State, a dead Englishman had made
a marvelous find of precious stones. Tha
approximate position of his discovery ha
had survived Ions enough to define pretty
closely, and It ' occurred on tha river
"Well, exactly. And I shall live. I'm
not built to flicker out at a breath of
swamp air."
"If abnormal biceps could do it, the
diamonds would be yours all right no
doubt But more than biceps go to suc
cess in Central Africa."
"Just like a Meldrum." said Fata. -Al
ways up in' the clouds, always oversan
gulne and overbold."
"My father would have seen this thing
through as a young man. so Z shall. It
must be a grand experience any way and
experience is always useful."
"If you live to aval] yourself, of It"
"Impossible to say that. I'm Jolly san
guine myself. Take my advice and see
mo through. What Is there about your
present work that fascinates you so
much? Three hundred a year l3n't so
grand that you need stick to it when you
might stand a rosy chance of making ten
thousand a year for all we know. Chuck
up your office and put In a year or so
In the wilds with me. If we succeed you
won't regret It: If we fall I can promise
you as good as you have got"
I will cheerfully surrender the keeping of
the manuscript to you."
"They are equally valueless. I fear."
THIS is the first Installment "of
"Tfce Golden Fetich," a new
raystery story that promises to
outrival "The Mystery Box"
and "Tainted Gold," both of which
were published complete in the Sun
day CalL You remember those? They
were intensely absorbing and thrill
ing to the last extreme.
•Well, coder the Sunday Call's lit
«rary policy cf not only giving Its
readers the very latest and best
novel* cf th*j day, by world famous
authors, yon will not only get "The
Golden Fetich" complete as it was
.originally tuiliiea, but yon will get
it quickly — four installments at the
laost. tfo interminable series of
"Oonttaned in our next,** and no long
waits between Installme3.ts. nils
book would cost you $1 50 anywhere
d**. In point cf fact you cannot get
it In any other paper in America.
fffepyxtgStt, 2KO. by Dd«a FmHpottsJ
CHAPTER Z.
* d£ FSTTCH FOUKD.
t {••""St-EASB Ood. rn never hear the
Tf% ) s»^sd of an auctioneer's ham
<L/ner more." said Roy Meldrum.
1 "Yesterday it fell like a tolling
X bell en ey heart and beat away
srerythteff— everything I thought I had la
ffce world."
Els ecmpenlon looked at him with a
sort of grudging admiration.
"Tea ciust have been made of tough
Stuff to see it through."
"Well, it wasn't a pleasant experi
eoce. though I had long feared the thins
had to come. After the governor died I
knew the deluge must follow. Out of re
spect for the dear eld boy the harpies
held off. but the moment he was under
ground down they fluttered thick as star
¦ lings In autumn. Happily my back
proved broad enough to bear It"
Roy Meldrum's position was rather a
trying one, despite his light tone and as
sumed contempt for his fate. His father
had been a celebrated and a wealthy man,
but had filed poor, cave in honors, and
row that the famous officer. General Sir
Rupert Meldrum. V. C. K. C. B.. and
ecme time aid de camp to her Majesty.
had passed away, it was found that his
affairs were sadly involved, and that the
cpm-handed end too liberal manner of
life pursued by the old soldier had left
his only son much poorer *h«p he ex
pected to find himself.
A week before this etory begins young
Jilcldrum had been present at the sale
cf tilings he formerly regarded as pre
cious heirlooms — trophies cf the chase,
rare curies from India and China, from
the South Seas and Central Africa— but
now all had vanished under the auc
tioneer's hammer; and Roy walked for
the last time through the home of his
ycutli, end fcnew that in all htznan prob
ability his feet would never tread the
shining ccien f.oors of Tamlin Hall again.
. He wandered through the empty place,
paused at each wide window to see some
veil-remembered view for the last time,
puffed his p!pe. and returned but brief
est possible replies to the questions and
expressions of sympathy which proceeded
from his companion.
Beth men were above average height,
but while Tracy Fain was dark and wiry
and only ecaled eleven etcne for all his
eix feet, the other man had a form of
which any Viking rr.Igh t have been proud.
Hoy Meidrum etcod six feet four In his
. cocks e.nd was built en massive lines.
. Btrength rather than speed was Indicat
ed In his tremendous limbs and he had
htld for two years the heavy-weight
wrestling championship of the German
.gymnasium, but this was his Bole claim
j, to athletic eminence, 'for though tried in
the pack cf the Cambridge Rugby team,
be had been found too eiow to repre
sent his varsity.
t; In face Hoy Meldrum was that type
whereon Anglo-Saron is stamped and can
fce read the wide world over. His voice
came from his tremendous chest; he look
ed all men In the face, was a clean liver
ar.r: a man of Eimple old fashioned prin
ciples. Now, at 20, and after imagining
fcr years that a very large income would
revert to him upon his father's death, he
was suddenly faced with widely different
future prospects.
He stood at this moment rich In mas
culine friends cf bis own age, poor in
i those who could furnish hinrwith wisdom.
Both his parents bad now passed away
and cf near relations he had few left and
rone could do him service. Indeed, Roy
MelCrum eeemed likely to represent the
last cf his line and upon his marrying and
adding another generation to the ancient
race depended its chance of enduring be
yond the limits of his own career.
Marriage, however, was the last thing
In his thoughts. He found himself now
heart-whole, hale and energetic, with all
• the world before him to choose from and
. a total capital of some £10,000, where he
* htd once supposed his income would be
little short of that turn.
• "Ten thousand!" said Tracy Fain. "Do
you mean to say that your hopes and ex
pectations have dwindled down to that.
i, cousin? "What in the name of fortune
<i:d £lr Rupert do with his money?"
"Good," answered Meldrum stoutly.
"Nothing but good from morning till
night. Never lived a more charitable and
generous man. His hand was always in
his pocket and those who gained his ben
efits were the sort who could pay no ben
efit back again, the men who came to our
place were those who seldom got asked
anywhere else, and so with everything
and everybody.- He had. half a regiment
cf old soldiers on the estate, and, of
course, not one in a dozen was earning
his salt. Poor old dad! He didn't know
how he had sent the money spinning.
Why, he died under the Impression he^
was leaving me quite a tidy fortune."
"And you're built of the same stuff as
he was, worst luck."
"Don't say that. I'm proud to think £ve
cot a n:s"re like his; but I'm not worthy
to be mentioned in the same breath with
him. He was a father in ten thousand."
Roy reloaded his pipe and looked out over
Ithe rolling hills of Kent Autumn already
mellowed the woodlands and powdered
the great tracts and glades of bracken
fern with gold. Ills cousin regarded him
with a kindly though slightly contemptu
ous g!ance.
Tracy Fain had a shrewder Intellect
than Roy, and his dark eyes shot forth a
keener intelligence than the frank blue
ones of the big man; bat life had yet CO
ehow where his heart was and prove the
young fellow's nature. He was a three
years' Junior, to Meldrum, but they had
»«cen much of one another In early life,
-fitnd to-day Fain, from mingled emotions,
perhaps not wholly devoid of sentiment,
had come down for the day from London
1 to Tunbrldge and had driven out with his
cousin to take a last look at Tamlin HalL
It represented half the sum total of the
past happiness cf both men; as boys they
But the talisman,- or whatever it might
be, paled its ' Interest v before the paper
that contained It » Fain occupied himself
with . this and epread It out carefully,
while Meldrum studied the disc. A loud
"One moment I've rot a rum feeling
about this. Will you go further arid say
'share and share alike, whatever It con
tains T*
"Good or bad?" '
"Yes." BUS
"Well, you're a rum chap! If you
don't believe in Providence you evidently
believe In something."'
"I believe in . my own presentiments."
Meldrum did not answer, but a moment
later had cut into the mysterious packet,
torn off the lion's hide covering, and're
vealed the contents. First ; came a piece
of coarse paper neatly and tightly. folded
into the necessary shape, 'and. within It
appeared a Cat, thin, irregularly,? shaped
disc of gold, upon which was set a ; curi
ous Ink-black figure. -
Fain put out his hand and arrested the
other's knife which was about to cut open
the fetich.
"Yes, I have, for all your sneers,"
said Roy, stoutly. "But even I > don't
expect to find evidences of Providence
hidden away In a Batonca warrior's
necklace. However, here goes. If it's a
diamond we'll - share and share alike.
I should never have seen the thtwy hang
ing up there but for you."
"Open It by all means. . Here we stand
on the threshold of grand mystery ¦ for
all we can say. Your life lies before
you and you have no inclination one
way or another. The contents of this
charm may decide you. Why not?
Stranger things have happened. '- Be
sides, you have such a solid trust In
Providence."
"Just what It is." answered his cousin.
"Governor got that and a big oxhide
ehleld and a sheaf of assegais when
young Tarrant of the Cape mounted po
lice came back from South Africa. He
was on a holiday right up in Central
Africa, near the Batonca country, you re
member. A horde of black men were
kept at bay all through a long pitch
black night by a hunting party of ten
Englishmen and a parson, who loaded the
guns, but wouldn't shoot. I mean tha
parson wouldn't. They came off without
any losses, though several were wounded.
And the good old parson said It was
frightful to tee about 200 black men on
their backs when the sun rose, because of
the fact that there would be 200 less
Christians go to glory.
"That amulet there came off a dead
man's neck. A big man, too. He was
called M'wenga, and afterward when tha
blacks caved in and made peace, they dug
up the chap and took him back to his
kraal up the country and burled him in
style. .And they made a rare row when
the fetich couldn't be found. They, said
the new chief wanted It.
"Young Tarrant had all the dead war
rior's spears and his headdress and
everything, and as for that little packet,
no doubt it hung around the baggar*s
neck to protect him against trouble. But
the charm didn't work against a rifle bul
let, somehow."
"What's In the thing. I wonder?" mused;
Tracy Fain, regarding the object with
Blight interest.
"A drled-up toad, or a few berries from
a medicine man's tree, or a lion's tooth, or
come such rubbish. Tarrant said lots of
the slau^itered Batoncas had charms and
all those the fellows opened were full of
such things. But one amulet had a Jolly
good diamond in it— only In the rough, yet
there it was, and a man from the Trans
vaal gave a hundred quid for it. After
that, Tarrant said, there were not many
charms or fetiches left unopened."
"Perhaps this thing has a treasure In
it, too."
"I hardly like to open Itr-yet we may
us well."
Tracy laughed.
"What Is It?" he asked.
Roy took the thlnr in hand, blew the
dust off it and then cleaned it with his
pocket handkerchief. The curio was a
small, hard packet three inches long,
two broad and about one Inch deep. It
was covered in a piece of cand-colored
lion-hide and tightly sewn with fiber. It
depended from a circular string of small
black seeds In shape of a necklace.
"It looks like some mumbo- Jumbo fool
ery of niggers," surmised Fain.
"By Jove! They thought It was a ven
tilator, I'll bet. But I know what It is.*
"How are we going to get it?"
"I'll lift you on to the mantelpiece,
Tracy. I'd climb on to it myself, but
It's not guaranteed to car^y 14 gtone."
"All right. Steady! Great Scott! I
feel like an infant in arms."
The simile made Roy laugh till the oak
celling echoed: but meantime he had
picked up his cousin with consummate
ease and lifted him to a broad stone
mantelshelf four feet from the ground.
The little oblect on the wall was now
well within Faln's reach. A moment
later he had dislodged it and Jumped
back to the floor.
"That* ¦ the room my mother died to,"
eald Roy a* they stopped for & moment
In a small apartment flooded with western
light "It was her boudoir, and the goy
trnor had It shut up after her death.
Then, two days before he went himself,
ha instated on having: It opened ajrain and
¦would occupy the couch mother passed
away upon, There he died, too, and If
ever a man saw .thing* hidden from his
watchers he did at the end. He ipokt
and stretched out his arms and greeted
her, as though she had come to welcome
him from the other side of the dark val
ley. And I think he knew that she was
going to do so and expected her."
"I know you believe all that sort of
thing, old chap," said Fain, Quietly. "Long
may you continue to do so. If you ret any
solid satisfaction out of It. I *nvy the
man with faith. It mnit be very comfort
ing In this weary world. Now, let* s go
and look at the smoking-room, the gen
eral's sanctum sanctorum. There X
einoked my first dear— stolen when Uncle
Hupert had his back turned."
"It looks naked and awfully wretched
now. Everything's rone, of course— the
pictures, the trophies, the old swords,
the helmet I put on that day to frighten
your Bisters and couldn't get off again
all vanished. And for such ghastly low
prices. I could have smashed some of
the brutes haggling over sixpences at
the sale last week, only that wouldn't
have done any practical good, of course."
"Probably not-except make an addi
tional hole in your last few thousand
pounds. This was the room. How dif
ferent now!"
They entered a handsome apartment
with dark oak ceiling and carved panel-
Ing reaching to the height of a man's
shoulder. Upon wallpaper which cov
ered the room above the lofty wainscot
appeared strange Impressions, where the
various trcDhies that had hung there
aforetime had left the paper clean be
hind them.
"What's that above the mantelpiece?"
asked Fain. "They've forgotten some
thing." '
He pointed to a small square object
hanging high on the walL
had dwelt there torethert and their
earliest recollections were stirred as they
paced the chambers sow echoing and
empty.
THE GOLDEN FETICH
Sunday Call Literary Section[ i He hooped . a I little in his walk, : like a
crane with clipped , wings, ; for his *I right
knee was stiff' arid represented ' the sole
personal Injury of any importance he had
ever .: Incurred. ¦ "•> His ':¦ Lordship,""; 1 however,
rarely.; alluded to \ this little matter/' Had
it ¦ been ;th«" work of -lion 'or-. other noble
beast it would not have mattered, but the
catastrophe resulted 'from a single hand-
The Morning Star hove to and ¦ soon his
Lordship came i aboard. : He explained
with grim eatlsfactlonUhat he had given
his medical man the slip, had bolted down
to Southampton, where he knew a friend's
yacht was lying, had borrowed her, ¦¦¦ as
we have seen, :¦ and, . after ' a ; four • hours'
tumble in the track of * outward-bound
steamers, , had met j his % reward. A • man
servant Baw | his master's trunks j aboard,
then returned to* the yacht,' and soon ; the
little vesselgave a screeching salute" with
her steam whistle and set off for port,
while the Morning Star, her complement
the richer ; for ; one of the - most famous
British sportsmen in the world, resumed
her way. / ' ¦ .
Lord . Wlnstone ,wa't a hard nut, with
a f ace : the ; color of his beard, little . red
dish a' ; hawk's, and a
rather hawklike nose between them. \ He
appeared remarkably thin, but the muscle
he possessed was bard as Damascus steel,
and his powers of endurance 'were known
to be extraordinary.', He. had; come out of
the : very Jaws of death , a hundred times;
but luck and his ownresources and nerve
had thua far ended all his great ? adven
tures.-with-man and beast in his own
favor. *';.¦;"..• <'¦ ' i .%•.-••' •* '¦"¦•:' ¦ '¦ ' ..'
Before breakfast had ended everybody
felt by a sort of Intuition that tbe most
Interesting man at the table was Captain"
Ogilvie himself. His niece, Elizabeth,
who was taking a voyage of pleasurs
with her uncle, resembled him in some
respects and he had her gray eyes and
dark hair; but the expression of h's face
was widely different and it puzzed all
strangers by a certain sense of peculiarity
which those who gazed upon h!m felt in
stantly/but were powerless to define.
Itr. Macabe. the first engineer, sus
pected- he must, be a mesmerist, and
Btcutly held to that opinion; others ad
vanced more plausible theories; In reality
a very definite reason existed for the cap
tain's singular expression and strangely
varied moods; but only a medical man
would have known it. .
Alister Ogilvie had a; wide reputation
as shipmaster and navigator, for a man
whose years numbered no more than five
and forty. He stuck to the sailing ships
for choice through many years, but had
now been in "steam" since he was 40 and
appeared quite content to stop on a ship
he liked, possessing neither wife nor chll-'
dren to make him ambitious. ¦ '¦*
:¦'¦ He . had commanded the Morning Star
for five years, and he gloried in his ship,
for she could saJKupon occasion as well
as, steam. He was popular both with the
owners and crew; but of, late there were
rumors that Captain Ogilvie had changed.
and his old boatswain, Dan Hook, a man
who deemed , himself as muchj a part of
the; Morning Star as her spanker boom,
growled sometimes in secret at harsh
words undeserved arid advanced | all man
ner of theories to account: for a gradual
change in the skipper's character..
Off | the Isle of Wight a little private
steam yacht, all aglow with cream-colored
funnel,? shining v spars ; and bright? brass
work, came tumbling alongside the Morn
ing Star and a thin, red-bearded man in a
fluttering gray ulster hailed, the vessel
through a ; speaking trumpet. ".: \ . . •
One passenger . recognized ¦; this '.bird
like figure; : Roy Meldrum shouted -with
delight at the'' spectacle of his friend "and
shattered all rules of marine etiquette by"
roaring a welcome to Lord , Winstone even
while Captain ; Ogilvie was hailing; the
yacht. '¦" . •\"; v ;".-'> -. ' ,,' "}•' '•
•nt unconsciousness of her own charms.
She was amiable with everybody ami
won all hearts before "the .Morning* Star
had passed out of the English Channel.
From ¦ the skipper, • her ' uncle, to the
cabin boy, -from Roy Meldrum, to Gen
Podesta, ".the fat and bellicose husband
of Madam already mentioned, not a soul
on board but had one opinion concerning
the Scotch girl.
Of . tho remaining passengers, one
proved to be a dark, taciturn Italian,
who kept tight lips ove'r his affairs and
preserved a silence and mystery most
rare aboard ship; while the other waa
a missionary, one Rev. James Me/sen
ger, bound for Zanzibar.
"I fear he hardly values my society as
you think, Mr. Meldrum. You see we are
alone in the world, ' he V and I— the last
'of ; our branch of a large family^;* I* went
to'" live * with i him some years ago, when
my > mother, died, and. this year; 1 not being
happyj about", uncle. I insisted on : coming
to sea with him. But 1 1 might as well
have stopped ashore. He is HI, out I can
not get : to ; his heart and comfort him." .
¦:-"Don't'say that. He. thinks the whole
wide world of you— naturally.".
:': '.'He '«' oes — I y know . it. At , times - he is
his old self i again, and I feel j ten i years
younger, : for I know I am, to ¦ him what'I
always have been. But' the sun seems to
"Only where : the' ship goes-^-to various
ports on the east coast, then to Cape Town
and then home, touching, at some Islands
—the Mauritius . and ¦ the ; Seychelles, I
think— on our way."
j VYouruncle is fortunate; to have such
a»comranion : f or . his whole voyage."
.;; The ; girl, sighed.
She. laughed, shut her sunshade, as tho
shadow of a sail made it no longer nec
essary, and'.- answered- him.
"You and your,: frierifl Mr. Fnln are too
busy to think at all of your consciences,
I am afraid. .You were goin,? to tell me
some more about your groat diamond
bunting expedition arid a wonderful pa
per and a fetich— whatever that may bo."
"So I was, only whenever I have the
luck to find you alone and g-it a chat like
this, I forget and just ga ba!)blln,r on.llRo
an idiot about the col or-3 in the sea und
sky : ; and the wonderful mountains on
shore," m
"I love these things and you know it
and eueak of what pleases. me. Look sit
all | this glorious ! sapphire, below us and
turquoise above. See the fl 3ecy clouds rip
pling over heaven, as tho little foam cap3
ripple over the water; watch these great
birds dropping llkashootfn;?, stars into ilie
waveB and , the little | rainbow that glim
mers at our bows, where the great ship
cuts the blue and- turns it up in a roaring
furrow of foam. :The .air- on.my cheek
and the sunshine on -the sea make me
thank a good God for letting me glory In
these beautiful things. Yet I am sad In
the mid8tof my own happiness, for how
"many > lives' i there are that will never be
gladdened by these wonderful sights."
/"Certainly, the sea la very Jolly when It
keeps amiable and flat. This is my first
voyage. And yours, I suspect, Miss Ogil
vie?" ' - •:¦ " '
"Yes, my first since I was a little baby,
but I hope not my last."
" "Are. you going 1 any whtre in v particu
lar?" :, ;.¦;•; ¦ ¦,,- ¦ ¦ ¦•'," - : ¦¦'.¦ " •
"Us be gettln' a blamed sight more than
our share o' fair weather for the time o'
year,"' he told Tracy Fain. " 'Twas this
way Jonah's voyage began. I warrant 'ee;
an' Paul— him as cast forth four anchors
from the stern and wished for the day;
an* wpII he might, poor chap— beln* no
seaman clearly. No, I caan't say as I
likes tu much happiness all to one spell.
It do make the bad days, as be sure 'to
come, sooner or later, all' the loncer."
But Dan found few to agree with him
except in the fo'c'sle. With increased,
knoWledge, increased familiarity and
friendliness grew among those thus
thrown toeether for a brief period of
time, and a party of various souls, all for
the moat part of amiable disposition,
found life nass agreeably away.
"It's so jolly to let . vour conscience
have a rest," declared young Meldrum to
Bessie Ogilvie. "Ocean traveling semis
it to sleep every week d.«y, and it is all
even that, good man, "Mr. Messenger, can
do, on Sundays to wake It up again. 1
suppose if: a. chap had committed u mur
der or robbed a;bank or .some such thing,
his conscience would prick him a bit even
In mldocean. But for humilrnm everyday
folks there is , nothing ;ike a voyage to
give peace of mind." u«-*S"tr
It is not our purpose to record the early
days of the Morning: Star's voyage with
anything like the regularity of Captain
Ogilvie's log. Favorable wind held into
the Mediterranean and Dan Hook, the
boatswain, who had plenty of sailor's su
perstition in' him, began to grow actually
uncomfortable.
to-rana encounter with a trfant baboon,
which had bitten Lord Winstone In the'
kr.ee as he was killing it.
His friends said that the sportsman
feared only one thing in the world, and
that, was cold weather. Ho admitted
himself that he would as soon face a
tiger with a shotsunas 10 degrees of
frost.
LOVE.
Long before . the Morning Star had
left the Red Sea, the Justice of Lord
Winstone's fears concerning Captain
Ogilvie wu too surely proved.
- On a fine morning, when the men were
watching a pilgrim, ship conveying do- "
rout Moslems to Jiddah for Mecca, the
skipper's cabin boy came rushing on
deck with the sensational announcement
that Captain Ogilvie was dead.
Roy Meldrum, Mr. Messenger, the mis
sionary and Lord Winstone Instantly
hastened to the cabin to find MIm
Ogllvlo in the extremity of grief and hey
uncle lying open-eyed but quite uncon
scious upon his bunk. He had been in
visible for two. days and Meldrum. aa
well as the clergyman, was shocked to
see the change* In him, but Winstona
showed no alarm. He examined the tick
man's eyes, then sent an order along t9
the galley for strong coffee. H« had al
ready convinced himself of the facts, and.
unnoticed by anybody but Meldrum, had.
picked up from the ground near the cap
tain's bunk a little nickel-plated syrinx*
—the instrument with which the unfortu
nate man had administered the poison.
Clearing the cabin of all but Miss Ogtl
vie and bidding Meldrum exert hi*
strength on the prostrate figure. Lord
Winstone shook the captain into some
semblance of life, roared and shouted at
his ear and then kept him tottering up
and down on his legs until the coffee
came. Two hours later the danger was
passed and the captain sitting quietly on
deck with his niece.
Elsewhere Lord Wlnstone had a private
chat with Meldrum and Tracy Fain.
"This is the thing he has been squirt
ing death and damnation Into himself
with," he said, showing the little syringe.
"I've suspected It for some time, as Roy
la aware; but to-day Ogilvle's face told
me all I wanted to know without any
thing further. Did you see his eyes? The
pupils had practically vanished altogeth
er. He's had a big debauch, evidently,
and he'd have been a dead man to-day
but for our timely intervention.?
"He must be accustomed to heavy
doses," said Fain.
"Exactly. Now, the question is. what's
our duty? Shall I give this back when
he asks for it, or not? Personally. I in
cline to keep it. out of regard for the
safety of the ship and Its passengers."
"It might kill the man altogether to go
without now," suggested Meldrum.
"No, that's a fallacy. He v.ouitl have a
very bad time ar.d endure a lot of ghsstly
misery, no doubt, while his- r.crvea ciam
ored for the poison; but he'd get over ft,
and be tbe first to thank me afterward.
He may have another syringe, but if he
.hasn't we shall soon know, because this
form of opium Is of little* use. I fancy,
without the hypodermic needle to put it
Into him. Very well. then. I'll keep "
He did not finish the sentence, for sud
denly a long arm and a thin, hairy hand
shot between Fain and the speaker, and
before the startled man could close hi*
fingers upon the syringe it wa« gone.
Ogilvte, untieen and uhhrard, had com»
up behind the group, and his eye had
noticed the deadly weapon in Lord Win
stone's outstretched hand. At sight of it
the man's face became violently agitated.
His teeth clenched, his forehead grew
wrinkled. He divined in a flash the cours*
of events and knew what had led to the
present situation; but he did not hesitate
a moment. With one action he drew doe*
and the next moment had stretched out
his arm and snatched hlg property. "*
"Mine. I think, my Lord!"
Not another wcrd he said. Only h!s eye*
Cashed at the startled company as he
turned on his heel and went in the direc
tion of his cabin.
But Wlnstone was not done with. »"4
now he hurried after the departing- flgur*
and entered without any formality.
"Listen, Captain Ogilvie; listen. I be«
and pray, of you. I saved your Ufa this
morning; the least you can do is to hear
me now."
"A pity you meddled," said tho other
shortly. "My life's my' own, and IX I
chose to—"
"Hush, hush, for God'* take! You a
man. and dared to think of that! To what
depths has this cursed drug reduced you!
I Implore you to consider, sir, the gravity
of your position. Who is ther» upon this
ship that can adequately take your placa
if you were lost to ua? As for tho first
mate, you know as well aa I do whether
the man's to be relied upon to handle a
big. heavy ship with weak engines, on ft
dangerous coast, even if he can at sea,
It was not only suicld© you contemplated,
but murder— wholesale murder for all you
know to the contrary." ¦-
This attempt to frighten Ogilvie failed.
"You. at least, are not the man to fear
me," he said, "and if you think I fear
you. you are mistaken. Lord or not,
you've* no right to tell me my duty to
myself or my ship, or to God or to tho
devil. I'll do what I please and as I
please. Opium is the only thing that*
inakes my life worth living- It's my slave,
not my master. Who dares say that I let
it stand between me and duty? By God.
'the man who says it Is a mutineer, and
I'll treat him Ilka one." .
"You've changed your ground now al
together; but I'm not here to argue with
you. You're soaked with the poison still,
and no more able to reason at present
than a man in drink. You're risht. at
least, when you say 1 don't fear you: but
you've more than fifty soul3ln your care
en this ship, and I pray heaven Wnen
you come to yourself you'll rccosn.ze
your responsibilities."
"It's mutiny to dictate to m?V* thun
dered the other, ard Lord Winstone.
realizing" that at present, all words'/were
vain, withdrew. He walked pensively,
litfe some lonely stork or heron, up and
down the deck; he scratched his great
red beard awhile and then shook bis head]
¦and retired, baffled and uneasy, to his
cabin.
But the unfortunate victim appeared to
realizs the truth of his passenger's re
buke. Indeed, within a week he had
spoken to Lord Winstone again, ex
pressed profound regret for the past, and
made a solemn assurance that he was
fighting the poison and lessening tha
doses.
As for hia, accuser, he knew too well
what a morphia maniac's promises are
worth; but it was beyond his power to
do anything practical: and he therefore
contented himself with hopes that the
captain spoke the truth, and was hor,est-i
ly endeavoring to cure himself. {
' Elizabeth Ogilvie. however.. alone kneW
the extent of her uncle's sufferings, and.
woman-like, when once the secret was
in her hands, she shielded the 'unhappy
sufferer from those who were most anx
ious to save him from himself.
Her, life on board the Jlornins Stir was
CHAPTER IV.
WambasI, a tributary of that gigantic
Ftr< am the Luapula, which flows between
Lake Mweru and Lake Bangweolo, In Lo-
Lira. «£ tf
Upon this tributary existed the territory
of the Biitoncas, and at tome point out
pidc the central Etronghold of that people
it was clear that the dead man had dwelt
for a time In harmony with them. Then
danger threatened, the tribesmen changed
their attitude toward him, and he pre
pared to escape, but left action until too
late. :K •
It was clear that he had been elain on
the day of flight— in all probability by his
treacherous friends. The missive thai oc
cupied him in the very moment of death
had evidently represented high fetish to
his murderer, and became an amulet of
power accordingly: but it was certain
that the savage responsible for the mur
der could not read what the dead pros
pector had written; therefore, in all hu
man probability, the diamonds etiU lay
within the "stony seed-pods" of the
manuscript.
This much Roy Meldrum knew as well
as his cousin; but the additional light of
the single line was possessed by Fain
alone. It Indicated that at some point in
the Batoncas' land there rose, near or ac
tually upon the river WambasI, an em
inence known as Antelope Head bluff,
probably on account of its resemblance to
a beast familiar In that region. From
cone point of eight the horns of this
•tone animal might be observed in line,
one hlfllng the other; and, at a certain
elevation of the sun. tho natural phenom
enon of a rainbow on the mist thrown
up by a waterfall was also to be seen.
And where the purple ring of that rain
bow fell upon the shore amid forest trees
—there thould be found a white ants'
nest.
That was all the dead man's directions,
but Tracy Fain could read the rest with
out words. In the ants' nest were the
pods of the tree, and in the pod» the
diamonds.
He sat and thought until Big Ben sol
emnly thundered 2 o'clock. Then, with the
tame sidelong glance as before, he took
out his knife and neatly cut away, half
an inch long, the bottom of the manu
script. This mutilation left the main
statement and the great rusty drop of
blood untouched. Indeed, the face of the
paper was unchanged; but now the line
cf explanation had vanished from the
back of it, and soon occupied a secret'
place in Fain's pocket book. Then he
drank a stiff glass of whisky and soda,
knocked out his pipe and retired for the
'"L'ntll this little discovery of mine our
expedition was madness." he said to him
self as he flung himself upon hia bed;
"but now, in the light of such a revela
tion, the thing comes more within the
range of practical politics. Yes, I sliall
delight old Roy to-morrow. I feel sure I
shall. His great, silly blue eyes will
twinkle when I tell him that I'm coming,
too. and he'll shout 'hurrah!' and grip me
by the hand till my finger bones ache.
And as to the diamonds— why, we Bhall
see. Cf course I may tell him all about
this later on— and again. I may not. In
this rotten world it's everybody for hlm
belf mid the devil take tbe hindmost."
With which reflection Tracy Fain re
ts<£ued himself to sleep. Yet the ideas of
the day pursued hlsi, and he moved and
growled in weird dream-scenery of tropic
trees laced with giant creepers, and full
of .chattering apes. The narcotic scent of
huge blossoms made him feel faint and,
eg re plucked them from the bough,
blocA JJkts a man's, burst from the broken
stems and trickled over his fingers, and
t*Ined and twisted end turned into little
live ccral snakes with diamond eyes.
He ehook them from him, for their bite
was death, and they fell wriggling into
night and silence. Then, through unut
terable darkness, sounded the monoto
nous, eons-like roaring of great beasts
and flashed fireflies and fell heavy tropic
rainstorms.
But the morning «of his t-ream dawned
m last, and the sun rose and brightened
t.v».ry polished stem and 6hinir.g leaf of
the tropic wilderness. Then he looked at
the sun. to bless it for returning, and
labbed his eyes and looked again; for in
st< ad of the old sun there had risen into
i he sky the golden disc from the dead
Latonca's watch; and en its face shune
wut that ink-black, strange design.
» Tracy Fain may here be hit off in a
sentence. He was a man absolutely lick
ing in principle, though to describe him as
mi atheist, as most men did, was to err.
lie was his own god and to himBelf and
hit. own selfish aims and amusements and
interests he had heiixtily dedicated his
It happened, however, that he was a
very j>oor man and had been obliged to
vurK for hia living 6ince he left echool.
His life In the city redounded but little to
his credit. Originally on the Stock Ex
change and independent, he had overshot
the lr.ark, come to grief, and been "ham
mered" under circumstances that those
who knew the truth were bound to re
gard as highly discreditable.
¦ But it was Just the truth that the young
man hid from his relatives. His piteous
story of undeserved misfortune had com
pletely deceived Roy Meldrum (who
begged to be allowed to go into the city
to "punch" respectable men of business
on a grand scale whexfihe heard of his
cousin's misfortune), and it had also de
luded his uncle. Sir Rupert.
Through tae exertions of that kind
friend Tracy Fain indeed obtained his
present employment; and now, as senior
clerk in a small shipping firm, he pros
pered beyond his deserts and hoped some
day to be taken into partnership. As a
preliminary step to that end some six
months before the beginning of thi^ nar
rative he had offered marriage to the only
daughter of the head of the firm; but she,
though plain enough to shake the pluck
of even penniless men, was shrewd as
well, and had astounded Tracy by curtly
refusing htm without conditions.
Lastly, it need only be said that Roy
Meldrum was wholly Ignorant of his
cousin's real character, but recognized his
¦ undoubted ability, although he could not
see through his superficial charm of man
ccr and simulated generosity.
Roy swore by Tracy; and as for Fain.
he honestly felt regret of a sort for his
huge cousin, though the big man's medi
ocre Intellect, transparent elmpliclty and
natural trustfulness of disposition made
him eneer often enough In secret.
The cousins met on the following even
ing, and, as Tracy had foreseen, Roy
Meldrum greeted his change of purpose
with very hearty applause. Roy had come
armed with the latest and most expensive
map of South Africa to be bought in Lon
don, and upon it ihe men traced the tre
mendous Journey before them, marked
the sweep of the Luapula from one great
lake to another and speculated as to what
region upon the WambasI. where it vround
through the land of the Batoncas, the
capital and chief's kraal of that tribe was
most likely. to exist.
"A* to the journey." said Fain, "money
being an object and time not pressing,
I should suggest one course,' whereas had
time been precious and coin of no account
I might have proposed another. But it
doesn't matter to a month or two when
you start on our little trip, and the more
money you keep the mere likely ycu are'
to get through. So instead of going to the
cape in a Castle or Union liner 1 propose
a cargo boat. She'll be a bit longer, yet
not so much longer as you'd suppose if
you didn't know. Because there are
•tramps' that visit the. little two-penny
half-penny ports along the Mozambique
and the Zanzibar coast: and if we went
out to o&e of these small centers we
might start our expedition and work in-
chine on him so seldom now."
"Is he really ill? Has he any physical
pain to fight against? Some days he looks
such a nolendld fellow, and others he
seems shrunken and thin and starved."
"I can tell you no more than you have
seen for yourself. He won't take medi
cal advice. In fact he knows a good deal
of medicine and prefers to attend to him
self. The captain of. a sailing ship Is the
doctor, too. as a rule. So. he has had
plenty of rough experience in the past."
"Well. I wish I could cheer you up. It
may be something on your uncle's mind.
But if you have not got his confidence no
body on this ship can expect to get it,
that's very certain."
"I cannot say; I don't know if there Is
anything to know; but something lies
hidden, and sometimes I fear it is of the
mind, sometimes of the body. We must
be hopeful, yet it is hard to be." \
Fain approached at this moment and a
cloud crossed Roy's eyes.
"How tnat chap does find us out!" he
¦aid with a short laugh. "Well, two's
company; three none." I'll leave you and
be more sportsmanake than he was." .
"Don't. go. Why should you? Stop and
tell me about the diamond hunt. That
will interest Mr. Fain as much as It does
you."
Tracy now Joined them, and Meldrum
grew taciturn. Then he seemed suddenly
Impressed by an idea.
"I'll show you the fetich," he said. 'It's
a rum trinket, though it's got nothing to
do with the diamonds as far as we know."
Fain had little enough to say. albeit his
cousin's brief absence gave him an oppor
tunity. He stood with his back to the
bulwarks and his hands in his pockets:
but the girl in a deck chair with her eyes
upon the sea did not get a glance of the
dark, hungry face turned toward her.
Presently she looked up to speak, but
caught his eyes and said nothing, while a
blush brightened her cheek.
"This is a quiet- corner, and you get a
rplendid view of the shore Just at pres
ent," h* said carelessly.
"Yes, It is very perfect— the shore and
the, sea, too; so is everything else of dear
Mother Nature's thaP men don't Interfere
with and spoil."
"Yet that splendid wall of foam, all
aglow with sunshine and iris colors,
•would not be there if "our bows did not
churn It up."
"I cannot argue with you, and I wouM
not have you think me a misanthrope, for
I am f;ir from that."
"God fnrbld! It would be hard if you
fc.ited 4 your fellow being-3, seeing that
they ail love you. Miss Ogilvie."
"That's not up to your usual pleasant
compliments, 3Hr. Fain; even clumsy for
you."
"The truth is apt to be clumsy. But
here comes my mammoth cousin."
Poy returned, exh't'te-1 the gold d!sk
Rnd told his story. The threa rat long to.
Tether, and it was not until a big bell beat
the hour, and a little one, in a lusty hand,
fcegan Jangrlir:g a summons to luncheon,
that they left the fascinating theme of the
treasure. ¦ •
The ship's company had now shaken
¦ eic.vn and regular amusements filled each
cay. Lord Wlnstone p!ayed whist with
General Pcdesta and the two diamond
hunters, when the latter could be dragged
from, more attractive metal, while at
other times his lordship and Ihe old offi
cer had single-handed battles at cribbage.
Mme. Podesta developed a mild flirtation
'with Sis. Poltl. but the Italian, though
uniformly courteous, was somewhat unso
ciable and occupied most of his time in
readine.
Captain Ogilvie did not come as much
among his passengers as might have been
expected. He often spent whale days in
his own cabin, taking his meals there, and
only appearing on deck for a few mo
ments at a time.
•Mr. Crouch, hia first officer, however,
proved a man of exceedingly gregarious
instincts. He had fallen hopelessly in love
with his skipper's niece before leaving the
Thames, and now, with the ingenuous
frankness of most mariners, openly hinted
at his condition to his Junior officer, and
ostentationsly mourned his lack of means
and the hardships of a seaman's Ufa, es
pecially in the matter of marriage.
Passage through the Suez Canal was a
little Interrupted by a big French steam
er, which went aground a mile ahead of
the Morning Star, and it was during a
night of delay that Lord Wlnstone and
Meldrum had an Interesting chat in the
smoking room, after most of the passen
gers "were in their bunks.
."Some rum people on this ship," began
the sportsman. "I've a way of making
theories about everything and everybody,
as you know. Roy.. It's exciting work,
because the theories contradict each oth
er, and have regular battles among them
selves. In the case of our fellow crea
tures on this ship, two especially interest
me— the skipper and that beetle-browed
Italian, Polti."
"He ought to have a monkey and hur
dy-gurdy to complete the picture," de
clared Roy. -"•
"He's got an ax to grind, I'll bet you.
not an organ. He's either a rascal or a
rascal catcher, that's my theory of him,"
"Perhaps he's both."
"It isn't impossible. He left his book
yesterday to go below for another cigar
and, chancing to pass'hts chair before he
came back, I took the liberty of glancing
at it. The elaborate coves is a blind. The
thing had cuttings from newspapers In it
all pasted on separate pages. They were
in Italian, which is Greek to me; but at
the head of one page, written In red ink,
was the word 'Ravogll.' and another set
of pages were headed 'Pannardo.' That
was significant, eh?"
"I never heard the names— and yet they
seem not quite strange."
"I should think not! Why, Ravogli was
the blackguard who killed the Archduke
Feedor of Russia. He stopped him at the
door of his summer palace in Oriel, Just
as he was going out shooting, and flung
.himself down and held out a petition.
The Archduke was begged not to take the
scroll, but he had leanings to socialism,
people said, and believed himself gener
ally beloved. So he-"waa in Orel, but not
by the. brood of vipers that are allowed to
ripen their poison in London and other
great centers. He opened the scroll, a
spring was broken and the infernal ma
chine exploded, killing the Archduke on
the spot and wounding three of his com
panions."
"An anarchist on this ship! By Jove!
that's a theory indeed. Fred."
"Either that or a detective interested in
them."
"But they've never been heard of in
Africa."
- "That's no reason why they never
should be. Imagine the blow to Great
Britain if such a man as Rhodes were
suddenly destroyed at this present criti
cal page in South African history!"
"Well, old man, you're a. cheerful com
panion for an ocean voyage. . And now, as
. to Captain Ogilvie— what do you make of
him?"
"My theory of Ogilvie is, If possible,
still more serious."
"Good heavens! What could be worse
than an anarchist?"
"Nothing ashore, but several things
afloat. , Consider the crew of this ship.
We're undermanned to begin with— all
l tramps are, more shame to the cheese
paring rascals who .make their -money
out of them. , Then the officers. After
¦ Ogilvie there's not a man-I would like
to call under or trust, myself, to. Crouch
' is a fool— a good hearted beggar, but a
fooj. He confessed .to me that he tried
five years to get his mate's ticket and
then only passed, because he, had a bit
of luck and the examiner was in a hur
ry. The second , mate's a boy and can't
even make himself respected among
the . men. Dan" Hook's all -, right, but he
couldn't navigate a ship any more than
you could a billiard table. It isn't his
"Have everything you can hammerles3.
of course. That's a necessity with nig
ger bearers, as you'll find. A strong
leather cartridge magazine Is essential,
too. and a pair of powerful binoculars.
Have them made of a.umlnum for light
ness. As for togs, wait till you get lo
Zanzibar. You get the right colored
knaki there, and color is haif the battle
in stalking big game."
"But my dear fellow, I'm not going to
stalk big game." %
"Well, perhaps some big game will
stalk you. Anyhow, there's a right and
wrong way of going to Africa. You must
go right or better not go at all. Now as
to camp gear. If there i» a man in Eng
land who understands camp gear, with
out undue boasting, I am that man."
To this theme Lord "Wlnstone now de
voted himself, and an hour or two later,
after hearty expressions of thanks, Roy
kit his friend with a light heart and a
full notebook.
During the following week, while Tracy
Fain looked into the matter of a vessel
that would suit them, his cousin made the
necessary purchases, and the following
Friday found him nearly a thousand
pounds poorer in pocket. Chance was
kind in another direction— at least so it
seemed— for Fain renoi ted within a week
that one of the steamers of his firm had
b«en signaled rathe-r unexpectedly off
Ushant and might be in London within
forty-eight hours.
"She is a fairly fast vessel— one of the
old China clippers fitted as a steamer—
but this voyage has been a record. She
must have had a farr wind behind her
ever since she left the cape. She will
load at once for the East Coast ports and
sail. If all's well, on the od of next No
vember. I've told the people at the of
fice I'm going, and when I went further
end mentioned the fact that I was think
ing of takine a cruise in the. Morning
Star they looked surprised, I assure you."
"Good news: and there's a chance of
Lord Wlnstone coming if he gets fit In
time. He pulled rather a face at the
idea of a 'tramp,' but he was awfully
tempted."
Fane looked uneasy.
"He wouldn't stand in with us, of
course?" -
"Why not? The more the merrier."
"What nonsense! What does a man
rolling in money want with— ?'.'
my dear Tracy, don't fret your
self. That's all settled. I offered him a
third ehare if he would come, but. he said
he valued diamonds no more than | glass
and would give all the precious stones in
the world for a shot at a new antelope."
"You had no right to offer him a third.
-Half of anything we find is mine."
Meldrum flushed up and his blue eyes
grew bard.
"Great Scott! Has the very thought of
wealth made a miser of you already?
That's. not the spirit to pleas* me. Fain,
and you know It. You're a wise man and
I'm a fool— granted; but we must under
. stand one another before we enter on this
business. I'rn the ¦' boss— that's all. I
Bhould never have reminded you of It, but
the last day or two, you've made me doubt
If you quite realized the position. '. Re
member, that's a good fellow, and don't
make me savage., for I. hate the sensation.
Never 'tell me what I have a; right to do,
because I* don't like it.. Now we know
where, we are; and you can come or stop.
Just as you please. " But don't make any
mistake, and- don't let these diamonds
Roy Meldrum, always a man of one
Hea at a time, "happened to know that
Lord Winstone was in town and the next
day spent a long morning with him. Ac
cording to his custom, the young- giant
set out every particular of the contem
plated excursion with absolute frankness.
His Lordship shewed keen interest and a
etrong Inclination to Join the expedition.
But he was little mure than convalescent
from a heavy attack of malarial fever—
the outcome of his last experience abroad
—and could give no undertaking.
"I'm going in fear of my medical man
Just now," he said. "Yet, if 1 can bring
him round before you start 1 shou d dear
ly like to come. You're breaking new
ground for me, to some extent, and I'd
rather winter in. Africa than Eng.and,
fever or no fever; but I fear it's out of
the Question."
A long dlecussion followed and Meldrum
listened to the expert.
"Of course, modern ideas are all in fa
vor of a Lee-Metford repeater, with a long
conical bulJet and cordite behind it; but
I'm old-fashioned and shalUstiok to my
favorite battery as long as 1 can draw
trigger. A Elngle four-bore, sighted for
short range, and shooting twelve drachms
of powder and a spherical bullet, id the
first piece — for rhino and elephant, of
course, and dangerous game at close quar
ters. Then a double eight-bore, sighted
up to 200 yards; a doub.e .577 express, a
44 Winchester carbine, which is a weapon
I swear by at long ranges, and a twelve
bore shotgun. You won't want more than
that."
"But I'm on business, you know, not
pleasure."
"Business or pleasure, you must carry
guns in Central Africa."
His Lordship was silent a moment, then
continued :
"Yes, but be careful of your money.
You know Lord Wlnstone, don't you?
He's a famous East African hunter, and
he's been all through Central Africa— at.
least through a good part of it— after big
game. Have a chat with him about what
is practical. I rather fancy you ought to
lay in a cargo of beads and cheap knives
and rubbish. It won't cost much here
and will save your money on the other
side."
Tracy was going to ask him to write
the promise down, but felt rather . ner
vous of doing so. The other was touchy
on matters of honor, and might have re
sented it. Moreover, he felt safe enough.
A Meldmm's word was as good as hi 3
bond, and Fain knew that Roy would
have the power as well as the will to keep
his promise.
He therefor© proceeded upon other sub
jects.
"We must leave nothing to chance. If
we can land at one of those small places
we can get little for Our expedition but
the necessary niggers. We must take
everything in the way of stores and camp
furniture with us."
"Heavy guns and Btores and" all the
reft of It."
land along one of the great rivers. From
Zambesi, on the coast of Mozambique, we
could follow the Zambesi River right
away for ISO miles and more northwest,
which would start ua well on our way;
or we might disembark at Rovuma - and
follow the river of that name along the
edge of German territory to Nyassa. That
would be In a fairly straight line for our
mark. "
Meldrum was delighted.'
"I can see you've been putting thought
into It already." he said.
"It's not thought; it's money that we
want."
"Well, and haven't we got mine? That's
all right Tou find the brains; I'll find
the brass. We want both." :,
"My people do some business with Zan
zibar and other email East African ports,
as it happens, and if you're game for a
cargo boat, I don't see why we should
delay taking our passages. There's only
one little condition I want to make. You
¦ee, I'm a beggar, excepting for what I
earn, and If we come back empty handed
I think I may reasonably ask you to
guarantee me as good a billet as I'm fling-
Ing up. Three hundred a year Is a flea
bite to many of the men you know In
Kent."
It did not occur to the other that, if
they returned empty' handed, he would
probably need a billet as much as his
cousin.
"That's all right, old chap. I'll see you
don't suffer. You may take my word for
it." .
"Because," said Lord Winstone, sol
emnly, "my theory of him i3 that the
man's a morphia-maniac and far ad
vanced on the road. I've had some bit
ter family experience in that direction,
and if Ogilvie isn't either eating opium
or taking' hypodermic injections, and big
ones, then my own poor brother-in-law
never did. He indeed recovered, being
made of strong stuff, but how man*
dot"
business. Mr. Macabe, too. is an able
man and keen as a razor, but he'.-* not a
navigating officer ami has enough to do
with his old engines."
"What does that ail prove?"
"It proves that if the skipper fails
at a critical moment we might be In
a very unpleasant position.".
"But why imagine he will?"
"I do more than imagir.e. "I think it
the most probab.e thins !n the world."
"My dear Fred, why?" "-'If,
THB SUNDAY OALTj.
worry you already, or I shall begin, to'
doubt it you are such a clever chap as I
always thought. As a matter of fact,
Fred VVinstone laughed at the Idea, of
finding the treasure at all."^
Fain was silent for a moment after this
sharp rebuke. Then he put out his hand
frankly, gripped Roy's with extreme ap
parent fervor and made a handsome apol
ogy.
"Forgive me. I beg your pardon ten
thousand times. As your Junior I had
no right to dictate and I hope you will
overlook my very foolish remark."
"That's all right, old man. And as to
the diamonds, Winstone absolutely re
fused my suggestion that ue should go
share and share with us. But he was
not hepeful, so be wise and don't set
your heart too much on what may prove
rainbow gold."
TJ^ word "rainbow" made Fain start,
an<rh</was glad it had grown too dark
for the other to see his face.
CHAPTER HI. . j
THE MORNING STAR.
On a bright sunlit evening in early,~No
vember the cousins found themselves lela
ureiy dropping down the Thames. ' The
river shone ruddy In the waning light and
the steamer set the water rippling and
twinkling along her sides und under her
tain ail like nery snakts wriggling In a
river of oil.
Through the gathering; darkness the
Morning Star passed down the Thames
and as Fain and Meldrum finally turned
In they heard a thousand unfamiliar
Eounds, the steady song of the screw, the
deep roar of the siren, the "fiendish rattle
of the ashes coming up from the stoke
hole and sound of many bells.
The novelty of their situation kept them
restless, but they slept at last, then woke*
before dawn to find the gentle, peace of
the river had vanished and, the * Morning
Star was beginning to shake herself and
wake up. They felt her lift, like a horse.
at a gate, as Hoy put It; an electric vi
tality seemed to inhabit the great hull
beneath them: overhead there was rac-;
Ing to and frd of heavy men, shouts and'
growls and whistles, . creaking and,groan
ing of timbers that uttered different com
plaints according to the force of the sea
and the hip and tumble of broken water
beneath the cabin porthole.
Meldrum got out of his bunk and tow
ered a huge figure in his pajamas. He be
gan by hitting his head and seeing stars,
then stumbled to the port to note another
Btrange concourse of Illuminations—yel
low and green and crimson. Ghostly
things passed over the black sea; distant
lights flashed dimly and waved red and
yellow arms, tben vanished; a bell buoy,
tolling monotonously, slid past not thirty
yards from the cabin window. , Under his
feet the strong, bounding sensation of the
ship increased, and having no sea legs as
yet, Roy made but a poor Job of It re
turning to his bunk and carried away
- several objects before getting- back again.
Daylight found a fair wind blowing and
the Morning Star slipped speedily away to
the channel with "a bone in her teeth."',
Meldrum had' seen no more of j Lord
Wlnstone, but there was a rumor of
other passengers , aboard and at break
fast — served In a snug, deck . saloon of
dark oak — both Roy and Fain were agree
ably surprised to find no ; less = than ' five
fellow-voyagers, including two" ladles.".
We mention the latter first. Mrs.'Man
uel ¦ Podesta was a Portuguese matron
and the most cheery, humorous, shriv
eled up, black-eyed little Creole imagina
ble;,while Elizabeth Ogilvie set the
young male hearts on the ; ship beating
from the moment their owners'' eyes fell
upon her. - ; ',.¦/.
A' bonny, gray-eyed girl -with dark hair
. and a lithe, pretty figure," 1 , was ¦ she. Miss
' Ogllvie rose somewhat above the recog
nized .standard of perfection ; In woman's
height, . but . her. proportions were , perfect
In their ha rmony; and one only 'realized
that she, stood nearly five feet teV Inches
when the girl > stood , beside ~ another
,woman or. an average man. ¦ Her. face
showed thought, . yet ; was ., not , saddened
or aged by/ it.7* Her eyes ..were * as i frank :
; as beautiful and she possessed that rare
master-Jewel In a pretty •- woman, appar-
2THE 6IJNDAY CAM*
3
a etrange blend of happiness and misery,
for love had come Into It— a great golden
first love that quite transfigured all
thoughts of the future and filled her lone
ly days with sunshine. Yet, before the
spectacle of her unfortunate uncle, her
young heart was torn with Borrow, and
her own powerlessness to aid made her
grief the greater.
Alister Ogilvle was the only near re
lation that his niece could claim. Born
at Cape Town, In 8outh Africa, she had
returned home as an Infant with her
mother, and her father. Richard Ogilvle,
a man of whom she could never get her
mother to . speak, was no more than a
name to her.
Once, after his wife'B departure from
Africa. Richard Ogilvle had written
home, and once his brother Allster. the
sea caotain. had visited him at Pieter
xnarllzburg, when hla vessel was lying for
a fortnight at Durban; but from that day
forward the man had never been seen or
heard of again. ,:'..%:,
There was a rumor that he had pro
ceeded with a big prospecting party Into
Matabeleland: whlJe other reports indica
ted that he had died of fever at Tham
bano, twelve months after his brother
last saw him: but tha truth was never
known and after eighteen years in igno
rance is to whether she was a wife or a
widow, Mrs. Ogilvle herself died in her
daughter's arms, and Elizabeth was left
alone— *t the age of one-and-twenty.
For her this. . her first voyage since
babyhood, had been fnll of sensations in
deed, and while she had found the man of
all others she believed most ltkelv to
max* her happy— a man to whom her
lonely young heart went out with long
lsg—«he, on her side, In all Innocence, had
set a light to two ardent beacons and
Btarted a rivalry between two friends — a
rivalry whlcn made one man bitter and
the other «ad.
There came a vtfll. hot night, when the
Morning- Star lay like a log under a red
moon. A faint gllmmar of light afar off
Indicated the Arabian shore, for the ves
sel had reached the portals of the Red
Sea and Captain Ogllvie expected to make
the straits of Bab-el-Mandeb on the fol
lowing day.
Just now, however, there had been a
ellirht accident in the engine-room which
called for some few hours' delay, and now
three red lights glared In a perpendicular
row aloft and warned craft to give the
Morning Star a wide berth as, for the
time being, she was unmanageable. She
might have made easy way under Ball,
but there was no wind to move a feather.
Some of the men were Dlaving cards;
the decks lay silent and deserted save for
the watch; from the fo'c'sle came a
rough "chanty" to the squeak of a con
certina and the clatter of bones. A small
awning was stretched aft. and under it
sat a man and woman alone.
With beating- heart and a strange sen
sation as of being In a dream world,
Elizabeth listened to Tracy Fain. So full
was her mind that she could hardly fol
low the thing he said, but the music of
his fine voice murmured melodiously on
her ear as he ran on. a
She had come there to be alone, per
haps to hide herself and follow the cur
rent of her thoughts without Interrup
tion; but Fain found her out and begged
to be allowed to stay. Timidly ehe gave
him leave, though she knew only too well
the reason for his petition. A moment
later and he had flung his cigar overboard
and was Bitting beside her.
"It's a story that's old as the hills and
as young es the daisies," he Bald. "It
comes to each In turn, like the waves of
a greaj sea. and tosses a man's heart
erest-hfgrh. like a cork on a billow. He
rises aloft, and then h« sinks Into the
I depths, only to rise again on the next
¦wave of hope. I'm afraid my metaphors
and similes are getting mixed, but you
"Roy's character is very beautiful to
me. I did not know there was such a
simple, single-hearted man left in the
world. I worship him and I am a proud
woman to think I have won such a treas
ure as his love."
He bowed, then rose to leave her.
"You have my congratulations, and I
wish I could echo your estimate of our
mutual friend. But that he Is my friend
makes me silent. W« need not speak of
him. But you will keep my secret. Miss
Ogilvie? I have a right to beg you to do
that"
"It is a eacred thing," she «ald se
riously; "none will ever learn from me
the honor you have done me, Mr. Fain.™
He was about to move away, but linger
ed. Many different thoughts coursed
through his mind, for the great agony of
his disappointment had not as yet crushed
into his heart. He could \ not realize
where he stood or that the hope and am
bition of the last four weeks were shat
tered.
He had counted In secret on victory;
he had read the signs, as he fancied,
and belltved himself safe. Now "no"
had fallen like a frost upon his soul and
had stricken him the deeper because he
expected "yes."
A purely trumpery, temporary Incident
now troubled Tracy Fain, and only a
great numbness crowding down over his
life yet indicated the suffering that was
to come.
For the moment he felt spark of anger,
not at his terrible mistake and unutter
able loss, but because upon Bessie's
throat hung the fetich of their present
adventure. The gold disk might mean
nothing; there was no good reason why
It should have the least to do with the
incomplete manuscript; but he chose at
this moment to resent Its present posi
tion, and told himself that Meldrum was
guilty of a breach of trust In thus play-
Ing in all a lover's foolishness with a
thing that might have the gravest bearing
on their future.
"I do not like to we that toy there."
he said suddenly, pointing to the disk.
"Roy has only a half interest in that
and he had no right to give it to you.
You might easily lose It."
She grew hot and her hand went up to
her neck.
"He told me the story and I understood
that you had the manusrlpt for your
share and that he kept this trinket. But
I will wear It no more. Indeed, knowing
the story of it I did not wish to do so,
only Roy Insisted. He said It would bring
him and you luck."
"You will be wiser to return it to him.
And now, good-night. Miss Ogllvie."
He passed away, moving silently like a
ghost, and she Bat long after he had gone,
until there came a sort of fear to her
heart and she shivered, though not with
cold.
Of Fain she had not thought a dozen
times since the beginning of the voyage.
Only after her hero proposed and was ac
cepted had she turned any attention to
his friends and tried to win Faln's regard
before the engagement should be an
nounced. Now she saw how he had mis
understood her, and she was very sorry.
Yet, while she pitied him, a. little uneasi
ness and even shadows of fear darkened
her mind. He was a strong inan, that
she knew, and a clever one. He had
never re-echoed his cousin's openly ex
pressed admiration for him. Now, unc6n-
Bdously enough, Elizabeth herself had be
come a stone of stumbling between them,
and her soul was full of vague presenti
ments as she retired to rest that night
CHAPTER V.
THE BLACK HAND FROM THE SKY.
Roy Meldrum's only fleeting sorrow up
to the last incident of this narrative had
Joker to Jericho from that day forrara.
He'd gone and wrecked his caste, you see,
an' was poison to all the other chaps— a>
pariah, as they say. If he'd been a leper
man. they couldn't have glved un a wider
berth. *
"Well, the poor cove's life growed to b«
a damn nuisance to him, beggin' pardon
for the fiery word. A nuisance it growed,
'cause the whites didn't know a syllable
of his lingo, an' his pals wouldn't be seen
on the same side 0' the ship with him.
"Then the 'old man'— as we allus calls
the skipper in the Mercantile Marine— the
old man ups an' sez: 'I've . had about
enough of such tomfoolery. The poor
sweep'll go off his chump at this rate.
An' I Eez, That he will for sartain.'
"So skipper he pipes a muster ot the
niggers and has 'em up afore him In a
row and sends a quartermaster to tha
cook for the biggest ham he's got by him.
Then the old man Just gives 'em beans
an* tells 'em they be . the most knock
kneed, slack - twisted, herring - gutted
crowd as ever he sailed with.
"Then he sez, 'Now my Bons, I'll ; soon
settle this little matter once an' for all.'
So he takes tjie ham by the knuckle and
marches down that line of monkey- faced
La-scar men an 1 smacks each cove on the
head wi' the ham as he walks along!"
"That soon put 'em all level again; an* a
tidy fuss an' fury they kicked up, I as
sure 'e; but so 'twas, an' theer weern't
no more trouble— not till the end of the
voyage, anyway."
Everybody laughed at Dan Hook's yarn
and thus encouraged he told one or two
more. . .
liien it was that a strange smell, that
staggered the nostrils of those who
sniffed it, attracted attention. It was
everywhere, but as Wlnstone " thrust his
sharp nose over the side of the ship he
started back In dismay, for the odor ap
peared to rise out df the sea; An open
port below, however, served to explain It,
and Inquiry proved that the window was
that of Signor Polti's cabin.
"A chemist, I'll lay," said Hook, not
guessing how near to and yet how far
from the truth, he had come. "I hope
theer ban't no harm in his powders an'
stinks, an' that he ain't arter any gert.
marvelous invention; for inventions, so
I've heard, is always discovered through
explosions and such like deviltries. I
blowed my eyelashes Into my head when
I was a bwoy, an' the door off its hinges
same time, but the only thing as I dis
covered was that my father could hit a
damn sight harder than gunpowder—
beggin' your pardon for the fiery word."
Lord Wlnstone said nothing, but beck
oned his friends aside. ' .
"This awakes a suspicion that has slept
for some weeks now," he declared. "I
thought things were . steadying down,
and In so far as the captain Is concerned,
I believe they are. but Polti's up to
some sinister business, as sure as fate,
and it would be a rough piece of luck for
us if some high explosive manufactured
for other causes should blow the_boUom
out of the Morning Star."
"We can't prove anything "yet," an
swered Roy.
"No— excepting that he's a chemist and
occupies his cabin as a laboratory." said
his lordship. ."That's dangerous iii Itself.
He's no right to cook hell-broth* in this
ship— or anywhere, for that matter. But
on board he would not De the only one
to suffer from an explosion. It's all right
when anarchists blow themselves to the
devil and makes one on better terms with
Providence generally; but it's all wrong
when they endanger the lives of honest
men."
Tracy Fain, however, did not share
their anxiety. He even sneered a little. S
"Perhaps the poor wretch is only mak
ing himself, some horrible, oily dish from
his mother-country that he cannot get
them to cook for him here. I'm sure, for
nrm engines did break down; lor ene De
longed to" that old-fashioned class of
ships on. which it was possible to make
sail. She carried not only steadying
staysails, but . canvas enough to push her
along in a good breeze.-
The storm broke in the afternoon and,
out of the darkness that suddenly spread
over sea and sky there came a yell and
scream and a jagged scrawl of blue light
that set every eye throbbing as it ex
ploded and seemed to tie huge ribbons
of livid flame at each masthead.
The sea rose instant and Ink-black.-
Great cross waves leaped alongside and
hissing tongues of water came aboard and
slipped here* and there snake- wise along
the dark decks. Hail flogged and churned
the sea and rattled like the discharge of
musketry on the skylights and Ironwork
of the steamer.
Invisible fingers seemed playing savage
music on the great harp of the cordage;
a screaming and sorrowing as of unhappy
spirits hurtled in the darkness above, and
on every, side came the thud of heavy
water; while almost within the first min
ute of the storm the Morning Star took
it black and heavy over her bows, and
the great ship stood still and shivered to
her keel plates like a frightened sheep.
The lightning blazed: its blue light
glared mistily over th« raging sea and
showed where th» hall had collected in
great," glimmering heaps along the Junc
tions of deck. and deckhouses, and wher
ever obstacles occurred to prevent it be
ing swept aft.
The Morning Star met the gale head
on, and now she had slowed down and
was pitching violently. The second en-,
gineer stood at the throttle valve, the
chief occupied ten places at once, but
the sea ran so tremendously high that
it was impossible' to do more than save
the propeller a little.
Now it stuck clean out of the water
and the vessel shook and groaned with
the awful race of the huge blades, then
down went the stern of the ship and the
whirling screw slapped into the sea
with a roar, tearing the heart of each
great black roller Into a caldron of ghost
ly foam, and putting luch strain as only
engineers can guess at upon shaft and
blade and throbbing piston. ,
-No attempt was made to travel against
the tempest! The log line hung Jerking
up and down astern; the "cherub," af
fixed to the taffrail, now tossed mute.
as the line hung limp, 1 now started to
run with a sound half purr, half screech.
Then perhaps came the "ting" of the bell,
again the strain was off and the hand on
the dial motionless. -
At the captain's order aft the passen
gers had gone below, and presently, when
In his Judgment the center of the storm
was past, he edged his ship off a little
on her course again. But the attempt
was not successful. With the sea on her
beam she began to roll gunwales under
and had to be brought back nose to wind
once more.
Through that night and until the morn
ing watch Captain Ogilvle stuck to the
bridge and Engineer Macabe to Jha en
gine-room. Then the worst was over and
the Morning Star, with a few storm-sails
cet to steady her, proceeded a little more
southerly; while the- hurricane began
veering to thenorth and slackened as it
veered. j-
No great damage had been done, tnougn
things were In a rare confusion forward.
One whale boat was stove In and a few
plates bent on the starboard bow, while
a stoker, his last watch ended, in getting
along the life-line rigged to the fore
castle, had lost his life in a heavy sea
which carried him with awful violence
across the waist of the shiD and smashed
his skull against the forward donkey en-
Great gloom settled over. the ship when
must forgive that, for I suppose no lover
[ ever yet failed to entangle his tongue at
| the critical moment."
t "What are you saying? Oh, Mr. Fain,
L what are you saying?"
I "I'm eaying that I love you, Bessie;
• that I love you with all my soul; that
you've come into my life like a star of
j hope and brightness. I love you more
than language can tell, dearest heart.
God In heaven knows how precious you
are to me— only he can tell. Your voice
Is like the chiming bells of home; your
eyes make the sunshine of my life, and
• It Is night only when they are turned
away from me. Tou are all the world in
<me darling, dainty parcel— all the world
to me— *nd I?
I "Oh. Bessie, den't *ay I am nothing to
X y<m— don't eay that. Tvt watched and
) rre watched, day after day, till I knew
I every turn of your lip and twinkle of
your dear gray eyes, and I've dared to
hope a little; I've dared to think your
face was kind and your emlle sweet to-,
ward me. Was I mad to thlnk.lt? Tell
me quick— "very quick. Let me rise Into
. the seventh heaven or tumble headlong
| to the plt^-"
& He stopped quite breathless, but though
i «h« had not Interrupted him. she eluded
J the arm he strove to slip round her
I waist.
• "Don't, don't." she said; "It hurts my
| heart to tell yon. It Is cruel and sad, but
\ you will understand and forgive me. I
• am proud to have won your friendship;
It will always be precious to me, but you
i mistook me. It was because you were
his friend— Roy's friend— his dear, close
friend, that I smiled at eight of you. I
wanted to win your friendship, too, for
; he thought so highly of you. I even felt
: jealous sometimes. But I only knew that
L It mad* him glad to eee us friendly; I
• never dreamed of this— never."
| The man's voice hardened terribly be
• fore he spoke again and all his fire and
passion were dead.
"Roy Meldrum? What Is he to your*
••All— «JL My life and souL"
"And be bid it from me. He might
have saved me this."
"Do you blame him? How could he
guess any more than you did? It was
my wish and desire that no one should
J know; least of all, you. I am only a
! woman, and weak and foolish, and I
could not suppose that you, too, would
grow fond of me. Bo I begged Roy to
keep his great deed a secret, even from
I you, until I could win your friendship. I
' Tras frightened of you— that Is the truth
frightened that you would think I had
come between you and your friend. For
give me, I have done what I shall always
look back upon with sorrow."
"A bitter mistake," he said, "but I have
had to suffer others only less bitter. You
did no wrong, cave in supposing me cap
able of Jealousy toward Roy Meldrum. I
have seen no cause heretofore why I
should be Jealous of him. You have ac
cepted him; that isr enough. He has play
ed and won— our first game."
He broke off, for his eyes were attract
ed and his mind startled by the sudden
glitter of gold. The moon had now as
cended and her orange tones were changed
to silver as she rose into the sky. It was
In a flood of pure light that Fain had
suddenly caught sight of an ornament at
Elizabeth Osilvie's throat and his breath
came hard and his right hand uncon
rciously clenched as he recognized the
Gold Fetich. But he said nothing and
she, ignorant of the. cause of his sudden
ellence, epoke.
been centered in a regret that his sweet
heart Imposed silence concerning their
engagement. He would have liked to tell
wery soul on board, to roar the gTeat
news through Captain Ogilvie's speaking
trumpet whenever another ship came
within hall, to shout his triumph to the
stars. Now, however, the truth was out,
in one quarter at any rate, and upon the
next occasion of a private talk with his
cousin Roy was surprised to find that
Tracy had learned the news. Thus Fain
unconsciously revealed his own secret.
As for Meldrum himself, he had been
swept clean off his legs by a tremendous
masculine tornado of love that shook his
big soul and banished every other emo
tion, thought and hope to limbo. His was
a nature incapable of much patience, and
before the Morning Star had left the Med
iterranean the young man had/ told his
love and asked Elizabeth Ogilvle bluntly
If she could ever care about a pAuper six
fe-et four Inches high, who worshiped the
deck she trod upon and the air she
breathed.
.Luckily for him she had long come to
the conclusion that she could. He was her
first love, and from the moment of ac
cepting him great Joy filled Elizabeth's
life, a Joy which even the sad and tragic
fate hanging over her uncle could not dis
pel. :¦':;$'
There came a day la the Indian Ocean
when the Morning Star was spanking
along at twelve knots and a little crowd
of passencrers sat around Mr. Dan Hook
and listened to that hardy mariner's yarns
of the past.
Dan was generally considered to be
rather broader than he was long, but his
proportions, such as they were, consisted
of nothing but hard muscle and harder
bone. Above this solid frame his bulldog
head, with small gray eyes, underhung
Jaw and fiat nose, rolled about on his
shoulders, now upon one, now the other.
It was always cocked sideways and he
very rarely took the trouble to open more
than one eye at a time.
The boatswain was a west country man
and the Devon accent tumbled and rolled
off his tongue In moments of excitement,
as It tumbled and rolled off the tongues of
Drake and Raleigh In the spacious days,
to the delight of good Queen Bess and the
merriment of her court.
Dan worked with lanyard and hand
spike, and as he did bo regaled the British
passengers with his doings on all the seven
seas. .The talk was of foreign sailors and
Mr. Hook's experience of them proved ex
tensive and peculiar.
"I was on a 'tramp,' by name the Fly
ing Fish," he said, "an* us had a Lascar
crew to her. Them cusses can work, if
you know how to handle 'em, but they've
gotten some blamed queer notions 'bout
matters of religion an' who be theer bet
ters an* who ban't. They wouldn't no
more pick a bit o' salt pork than you'd
take a walk along the topgallant, yard
Tou might say a cove as couldn't eat pig
ban't much sort o f use 'pon a ocean
gwalne vessel: but theer 'twas, an' Las
cars feed on trash any time ashore or
afloat. But a poor, blighted nigger, gwalne
to the galley on a dark night, missed
stays when the ship pitched, an* corned a
cropper head fust. Not that that mat
tered, but in falling he hit his head
against a gert ham, an* another Lascar
seed un do it.
"Then there .was the douce an* all of a
tantara, I can tell 'e, because to touch
pork be so bad as to eat it if you'm a
heathen; an' tother niggers sent the poor
my part, garlic is more terrible than dy
namite," he said.
"No laughing matter, in my opinion,,
declared Roy, and Wlnstone agreed with
him.
Finally It was decided to speak to the
captain, whose health of late had con
spicuously Improved. They designed to
speak privately upon the subject and im
part suspicions, not unnatural under the
circumstances, yet of a sorj almost too
sensational for ready acceptance without
strong proof. »
The projected conference, however; was
not destined to be held. That afternoon
the pleasant conditions changed and cer
tain phenomena Indicated unfavorable
weather. The Morning Star was now well
on her voyage down the eastern coast
of Africa, and the following day.lt was
hoped she would cross .the line.
Her first port of call was Jumbo, a lit
tle town at the extreme south of Somali
land, notable as having given a name to
that African elephant of famous mem
ory whose 'loss London deplored l so bit
terly some few years ago. But now, out
of the Infinite horizon from the far dis
tant heart of the Indian Ocean, rose one
long livid purple line, straight and clean.'
It ascended, very slowly but steadily;
the glass began to fall rapidly and the
wind to fail and come in flaws.
CaptaUi Ogllvie found "himself a little
nearer shore - than he liked and, -fearing
heavy weather, furled all s^iil, for the
Morning Star always helped her steam
with sail In a fair wind, and stood out
a trifle to meet the oncoming doom.
Once or twice during the morning sharp
eyes had sighted the rugged mountain
region of the African coast. Now, how
ever, it swiftly fell beneath the horizon
and the dark and sullen violet' arch, of
the heavens rose higher ; and higher, . ap
parently increasing its npeed of progres
sion as it rushed from the east and dark
ened all the upper chambers of the air.
Toward the horizon and at the center
of the great cloud was one strange rift,
torn by an elemental chaos of which as
yet no Bound could be heard; but in " : Its
heart a savage, lurid, copper colored shad
ow, like some huge demon of the tem
pest, moved and Increased in size and
changed Its form as the darkness gath
ered. Now a head it seemed, now a hand
with clawlike fingers; but amid Its pro
tean shapes each towered larger than the
last as It swiftly approached. -;;4raffi - '
Of the passengers none on board except
Lord Wlnstone had ever seen a storm at
sea; but all, save one, faced the approach-
Ing tempest with courage, and most with
extreme interest untempered by any fear.
. The exception - proved • to be Slgrnor
Poltl. His cheek had visibly blanched at
the sight of this towering continent of
cloud/ rising like the wrath of God from
that equatorial sea. What -he read < Into
the approaching chastisement none knew
beyond himself; but he liked it little
enough, and after his dark eyes had roved
in the still darker clouds, he withdrew to
his cabin and was no more seen.
/Captain Ogilvie faced the coming hur
ricane with' the self-command and confi
dence bred of knowledge and resource;
his niece felt perfect trust In him and had
no fear; the emotion in Meldrum's mind
was one of frank excitement at the pros
pect of a great, new experience, . while
Winstone, though, in. his heart he devoutly
wished the Morning Star was engined up
a little - stronger, yet knew; her' by :this
time to.be a. good' weather .- boat.' More
over,, she would be • in better • case than
many a giant of the sea, even if her in- '
this sorrowrui caiasiruyno un.am» «..»- .. •-.
and the delight of the passengers, as the
sullen demon of the storm 'drew off and
fleeting but fierce tropic sunshine bright
ened the morning was sadly -dampened
upon the sudden mourning beating of the
ship's bell.
The funeral was not destined to follow
the usual procedure, however, for, when
the hands were ready and the dead man
laid peacefully on a grating In tight sewn
hammock with a round shot at his feet,
awaiting his last resting place, there
came a rumor that the captain was too 111
to conduct the 'ceremony.
Dan Hook brought the intelligence with
a blank face and whispered It to the first
officer, who was acting at the corpse"3
side for the captain.
A few of the passengers, including Lord
Winstone, Meldrum and Tracy Fain, were
present at the funeral; and now his Lord
ship was informed that, doubtless over
come by the privations . and anxieties of
the past four and twenty hours. Captain
Ogllvie had fallen back upon a worse en
emy than the ' storm ¦' and' was lying in
capable of action. ' •
"And I beg and implore you'll read the
service, my Lord," concluded Mr. Crouch,
"for I'm no great shakes at such a Job,
best of times, and don't feel like it jus
now, I promise you. My arm is terribly
painful, too, from a blow I got last night.
There's a bone in the wrist carried away,
I fancy." « '^
Lord Wlnstone nodded, steadied him
self, and with one hand gripping a stay,
for the ship rolled heavily in a big sea,
and the other holding a prayer book, he
read in a high, hard voice the pathetio
words.
Then the grating was run out, even as
a greedy sea tumbled to the bulwark and
splashed the dead man's mates; and into
its dark bosom the corpse dropped with
Bolemn plunge, glimmering wanly through
the waves as it sank and fell astern.
"We therefore commit his body to the
deep, to be. turned to corruption', looking
for the resurrection of the body when the
sea shall give up Its dead." ' . •
At the end of the brief ceremony those
sailors who had been able to attend it
went forward, slow and gloomy, for the
dead man was a favorite; the officers re
turned to their duties and the passengers
disappeared into the saloon, where lunch
awaited them.
| Elizabeth Ogilvle walked sadly from her
uncle's cabin: With harsh words, he had
bid her depart and trouble him noamore. j
From the engine-room came clanking
of hammers, for some strain and damage
had resulted from tfie' storm, and in; the
saloon the clatter of; plates and business
of a meal went on as usual, though
voices were hushed before the sad Inci
dent of the morning, and those who knew
the truth concerning Alister Ogilvie ¦wore
grave expressions at, that, other tragtdy
being . acted once more in the captain's
cabin. .
A gorgeous but brief sunset ended '.the
day, 1 and Roy Meldrum, with Elizabeth
Ogilvie and some others, stood above, the
throbbing screw that marked a great
green highway in the -wake of .the ship
and watched the ocean and Bky.
The sun. his disk having once touched
the sea, sank with 'amazing rapidity from
an orange horizon that faded toward the
zenith into pure, pale tones of beryL
Above : the western glow there swept a
wild whirl of wind-torn cloud.' all ruby
and gold;' while below; It vast, irregular,'
vaporous masses, full • of glorious light.
showed where the pavilions of the storm
etui tnrust their pinnacles above the hori
zon.
To north and south' crimson Islands,
great and small, floated through an ocean
of purple and merged together into flying
continents; while cloudy giants, under
tattered banners of sheer flame, rolled
above the sunset In awful battle, and all
the wide heaven burned and glowed to its
unfathomable heart with light' and with
flame.
Almost as they gazed these splendors
dwindled and the bewildering pageant
grew lifeless and pale. Then trembled out
a fleeting after-glow of pearly silver and
rose— a dream sunset, on whose breast
hung, one planet, like a tear upon the
bosom of another dead day.
"Thus, in the hand of their God, do
wind and sun and the mist of the sun
magnificently labor together," said Lord
Winstone, gravely. "A sunset may be
more beautiful on shore- over high moun
tains and to the sound of bells and water
falls, but it is nev«r so solemn as upon
the lonely sea," • -
Roy nodded, and poor Bessie, sadly
overwrought by the stress of the storm
past and the"fear to come, could not
speak, but^gulned down her tears be
fore the dying glory of the sky and
squeezed her lover's hand under the
gathering darkness.
But another pair of eye* were survey
ing the sunset with added Knowledge and
very little sentiment.
Dan Hook knew the glass was falling
again; that a strange darkness was ad
vancing from the north to welcome night;
that the captain remained utterly in
capacitated, and that the first officer was
in his bunk with an injured wrist and
arm.
From the engine-room still came clink
ing and thunder of heavy hammers, "and
Hook turned his quid, sniffed the sea,
and stuck out his great under-hanging
Jaw till a row of yellow teeth showed
over his upper lip.
CHAPTER VI.
ON A LEE SHORE.
The Morning Star, as though she was
endowed with human -reason and human
distrust of the gloomy returning mon
ster behind her, made splendid progress.
Hook had given Mr. Macabe a bit of his
mind, and the engineer, alive to the sit
uation, was getting all he could out of
his engines.
A big following sea lifted the ship and
hurried her on her way, but each moment
the wind freshened and it became a ques
tion how soon she would have to turn her
nose to it or run the risk of ho'.ding on
until it was too late to turn.
Meldrum and Fain stood at the round
portholes of the, smoking-room, which
looked out aft, and watched ihe great
tumbling mountains of water rising above
the taffrail, all laced with the foam of
the screw. Each threatened to over
whelm the snip, but her nose dipped and
her stern cocked higher and higher, until
the treat mass slipped under her hull and
she wallowed, shaking and trembling as
before, with her propeller whirring naked
In the air.
"Wind freshening again," said Mel
drum. "By gad, it's a glorious thing to
think that men built of the same stuff
as. you and I invented ships! What a
fight! With the deep sea and the winds
of heaven and the lightning. And we
smoke our cigars and laugh, and pit our
brains and our steel and our steam
against the raving Titans, and beat 'em!"
"Not always. Only a fool would laugh
to-night, if you ask me. It was a circu
lar storm. Hook says, and is coming back
again— with seven devils v worse that the
first from the look of it. The captain's
lying like a hog in hl3 bunk; Crouch la
moaning like a sick girl about nothing,
Wlnstone eays, and the second officer
can't work out his sights and knows lit
tle more about our reckoning than we do.
I wish we were out of it and I'm not
ashamed to say so. They've given up all
idea of calling at the first port with the
ridiculous name. In fact, we've passed it.
and shall be ofT Zanzibar before we
know It."
"So much the better. That's where we
•want to be."
Tho men were still friends to outward
seeming, but their relations had been not
a little strained since the incident of
Tracy's rejection. Fain, Indeed, taxed his
cousin afterward and ' blamed him bitter
ly for keeping his secret in the light of
hi3 own subsequent step; but Roy an
swered, truly enough, that he had never
dreamed that Tracy was smitten in the
same quarter with himself.
The subject was not one upon which
a man would be likely to unburden his
heart even to his dearest chum, and
though Meldrum had doubtless confessed
to his triumph proudly enough after Bes
sie's favorable answer to his prayer, yet
her own wish It 'was that sealed his
mouth. Afterward the mistaken girl's
efforts to win Faln's friendship had pre
cipitated the catastrophe of his proposal.
. On such a man as he was— proud, sensi
tive and not a little vain— this reverse fell
with crushing force. It shattered his self
respect, terribly wounded his self-love
and awoke bad passions and reckless
, thoughts. His mind ran upon the future
and he brooded of what it might bring;
he allowed himself to sink into baseness
and dwelt on the picture of a future in
which he should return to England rich
beyond the dreams of avarice, while his
cousin and his cousin's future wife might
find themselves beggars.
Before this blackguard fancy hope
awakened. His busy brain . traversed a
thousand plans and possibilities, and he
told himself it was .never too late for a
woman to . change her mind.'
Between the men, therefore, Bessie had
come, and Meldrum' s magnanimity only
,made the 'position more , painful for his
'cousin. It is easy for a victor to be
generous, but difficult for him to escape
giving offense at every turn to those he
has defeated.
Unconscious Roy blundered daily and
inflamed a mind already bitter, and full
of gall. But Fain conducted himself out
wardly with propriety sufficient for the
case. His bearing toward Bessie was
well considered and she, wholly ignorant
of the truth, mentally commended her
disappointed lover and felt rejoiced that
he had taken; his sorrow in such manly,
fashion. So the position stood.
Meldrum and Fain shared a cabin, but
through those dark hours neither slept
much. The ship had been turned head
to. the wind at midnight, and now heavy
seas came over her bows and the cousins
In their bunks heard the crash and thun
*der of them and the hiss and rattle as
torrents of water dashed down the side
alleys scarcely two feet from their faces
where they v lay.
The deafening sounds Increased and
they felt themselves tossed and rolled
helplessly. The storm was evidently rising
and heavy seas flogged at the porthole
window, lighting : the cabin with a wan
¦ and ghostly , gleam from ' the phosphor
escence of the water, then falling with a
savage hiss back to the, deep and leaving
all In utter darkness.
is/very momeiii bugib uiua or crasn or
startled cry from deck seemed to sug- !
gest disaster; every moment Meldrura
was* about to dash out of bed and rush
to Bessie's rescue; but nothing definite
happened, and between the brief lulls
of .the shrieking wind he could hear, far
off In the hell of the waves, that slow
thud, thud of the faithful giant below,
and the sound warmed his heart, for he
knew that the Morning Star need fear
no 111 — given searoom — with sound pro
peller and engines.
The watch had been removed, both
from the fo'c'ale head and the forward
bridge, for no man could have stopped
upon the first, and there was danger on
the second; but though the cheery "all's
well!" did not echo across that savage
night, now and again came the windy
beat of the bell, tolling oft the half
hours, and that melody Is one of comfort,
too, to those In peril on the sea.
Few eyes closed on board the Morning
Star that night, and a sulky, leaden
morning at last illuminated the most ter
rible tempest that any soul on board had
witnessed. The laboring ship now slid
down sheer awful hills of water, lashed
and pitted by the wind; then, when the
destruction appeared a Question of. mo
ments only, with a shiver and stagger
and struggle, with the grinding concus
sion of a heavy sea aboard and a
smother of flying foam and green water
forward, her bows came up and her nose
gradually pointed into the sky.
Meldrum and Lord "Winston* climbed
up Into the wheelhouse to find the first
officer with his hand in a sllny and his
face drawn and haggard. His eyes were
on the wind gage, but It gave him no
hope, for the hurricane rather Increased
than moderated. -
Tho ship was straining heavily, and
from this altitude Meldrum was aston
ished to see what^a small thing the ves
sel looked in that awful sea, while the in
significance of the little creatures she
carried appeared almost appalling.
"How's the captain?" he asked.
"Better, Hook tells me— or was last
night. But he didn't take anything to eat,
so I expect he had another dose."
This proved to be true. Ogllvie was
helpless, and * Lord Wlnstone, who went
to see him. did not stay a moment. But
the hypodermic syringe and a bottle of
morphia tablets, stuck into a small rack
at the captain's elbow, he possessed him
self of before retreating. Then, full of a
sudden determination, he pursued a rapid
search, and presently had the satisfaction
of finding the secret hoard of Allster
Ogilvie's morphia tubes hidden In a fiat
trunk.
Lord Wlnstone thought long before pur
suing an extreme measure, but, finally,
he removed every atom of morphia and
a moment later had flung it overboard.
He was familiar with the action of mor
phia and knew that Ogilvle, despite his
agony, would not die for lack of the drug,
but live to bless him.
For three hours the struggle with the
weather continued, and toward midday—
as some slight improvement was reported,
and hearts began to beat more cheerfully
— there came a crash from the engine
room with cries and orders yelled louder
than the howl of the storm, and with
dense ribbons of steam curling and creep
ing through crevicea from below, to be
instantly blown Invisible as they touched
the wind.
A moment later came the terrible new?
that the screw shaft had broken at tht
third pair of thrust blocks. The ship, help
less and masterless, began to fall into tht
trough of the sea, and the question was
whether she could be got round tail' to
wind without going on her beam ends.
The steam escape pipes were shrieking a
veritable devil's song, and Mr. Macabe
tolled below where* the danger was a
bursting boiler; but every man stuck to
his post, though they knew the ship was
coming round and must, for some appal
ling moments, lie In the trough of the
seas.
Hook got a head sail or two on the
Morning Star, and of these one defied
the wind, though the other was blown
bodily away out of the bolt ropes.
But Providence helped the vessels at '
this critical juncture, for as '-she came j
broadside on to the storm there reigned
a few precious moments of comparative
calm upon the waters, and she was
nearly round before a heavy sea fell
aboard, swept her starboard side, sprung
her deckhouses, twisted a pair of davits
into corkscrews and smashed a boat.
A minute sooner and the whole weight
of this mountain of water would have
fallen into the ship and probably sunk J
her like a sardine box. Kow, however,
there was still a spark of hope.
Hook managed to get a little sail on
her, and then, at considerable risk, shook 1
out some more, for between two. perils, !
either of carrying away a mast or get
ting pooped, be chose the former.
Fortunately the sailing powers of the
Morning Star preserved her, for, as we
have said, she was rigged to carry un
usual canvas for a steamer even of her
day.
Hook's great and dally Jest with Mr.
Macabe had always been that their steam
power was merely auxiliary. Now the
chief engineer, with an engineer's usual
pluck and resource, was estimating the
possibility of tinkering the broken shaft
and getting a band round It with the
tools and appliances at his command.
But, meantime, the ship kept running
before the wind, and. as the storm abated
the first officer made more sail, until the
Morning Star, rejoicing in her old powers
and aided by the great following, seas,
tumbled and crashed forward at seven
good knots an hour.
Toward evening the sea grew a little
calmer. In the wheelhouse heads were
bent over a chart and anxious eyes fixed
upon the rugged and dangerous ccast line
of Zanzibar as represented in the map.
Where their ship was, exactly, neither of
the navigating officers could tell, but on
her 'present course they knew that she
must be rapidly nearlng the land.
"We'm on a lee shore, that's what we
be." declared Dan Hook. "We can stand
out a bit, no doubt, but Lord he knows
which way the currents set, or what we
ought to be looking for. I reckon we be
past Zanzibar this good few hours."
"The thing is to stand out a bit to
night anyway. We may get an obser
vation to-morrow," decided Mr. Crouch. •
The ship's course was altered, and as
she fell off a little another vessel was
reported through the gathering dusk.
She appeared to be about a mile or more
away, and was steaming steadily In a
northeasterly direction — a big, powerful
ship, which made little matter of the
waning storm, but pushed along rapidly
against it.
Suddenly a rocket went up from her,
then another as she was lost In the
gathering night. An answering stream
of fire* leaped aloft from the Star,
but nothing more of the strange ship
was seen, and whether she was signaling
for aid or warning her sister ship of
danger none knew until later.
Continued Next Sunday.ON THE 2:32
break our engagement."
"Let us not speak of those old stories,"
she said softly. The smile was gone out
of her eyes now. "Nor can I listen to
anything against Mr. Carlton.. He loved
me in his own way, I think, and, after all,
he was my husband, and a woman can
never forget that. I think of the dead
we should speak no evil."
"Of the dead?" said the man; in' quick
astonishment. "You mean— "
"Mr. Carlton died five years ago."
"But you told me that your half mourn
ing was for your grandfather."
"So I did, and so it is. I did not think
It necessary to wear mourning • for.' my
hus— for Mr. Carlton for five years.: But
there are the chimes en St. Michael's Bay
ing that it Is noon. You will have scant
time In which to catch your train. So
good-by. \ I wish you all happiness."
i ' The woman extended her hand and the
' man took It and * said : • '
"Don't you know 'the air the chimes
are ringing? They are saying. 'Backward,
: turn i backward, oh, time, in thy flight.'
Can't we make old Father Time go back
» for i us ; some ten" years ?" . |
' "Time ' can never ¦ be ; turned back,", said
the woman,; seriously; ;but there was , a
tender, light In her eyes ' which the : man
loved -to see.' •.. . '
"If that is the case," he said, "we must'
¦ begin all over again and bid ' defiance to
'time." . ,, *i .,_.". . _¦..'... ¦->.;..'.¦.•¦
Side by side they stood and listened un
til the 'Chimes had .flung out their last
note. * Then they entered the house "to
} gether. . . ; .'¦. -«-.-•; - ;-
(Copyright, 1333. by T. C. McClure.)
--—^ T^V E?C >' oar8 has changed
1 ]"*/5£ii^ijtis3S<; |J you— for the better,*'
1 »SX' fci)yi»*| " Jt has Ieft 5' 0U un "
Ir^^glp^H touched." said the
*i j jfr*^?*j * R Th * v.-oman smiled.
iflp^l* i i 'i jji'.^iJ At 33 time is not nec
essarily a woman's enemy, and ehe felt
that what the man raid was true. Her
beauty was a little more full blown, but
I', was In comparison to that of her youth
as the perfect rose is to the opening bud.
For the man, time had worked Just the
change the wished to see. True, the
buoyant spirit of youth had gone from his
eyes and the would never again see the
f tar-chine in ihtrn when he spoke of his
hopes, his ambitions and his love for her.
Now they were dear and steadfast, look- .
ing out on the world with the confidence
of a foui that has proved its strength.
His hair was touched with gray over the
temples, but his face was ruddy with
health.
"It Is Ktranre that we should meet here
In the very shadow of St. Michael's," said
the woman.
-yes," said the man. "It Is strange.
"We were to have been married in St.
Michael's. Do you remember that older
time?" "¦.{¦'¦
They were walking leisurely up : the
ehaded avenue and it was some moments
before the woman replied. Then she said,
ecftly and without looking at hlmr
"A woman never forgets the older time,
but I had thought that it was different
with men. You know that hackneyed
quotation. 'Love Is of man's life a thing
Bp""t, 'tis woman's whole existence!* "
It is not often that a man notices a
woman's dress, but love made this man's
faculties keen, and he noted with a Joy
ful start that the woman's costume was
a sort of half mourning. He did not an
swer her last remark, but said:
. "You are wearing half mourning?"
He was looking at her with a keen
bepe in his eyes that the woman easily
read when she glanced up at him. Lower
ing her eyes, and veiling them with
long lashes eo that he could not see the
curious faint smile in them, ehe said with
a conventional Eigh:
"Yes, for my grandfather, who died re
cently. You had not heard of his death V
"No, I hav« heard nothing from any
one In the city for several years. I kept
up a correspondence with one or two of
ay friends for a few years and then It
dropped away and died a natural death.
When I noticed your half mournlnc I
thought for a. momeft't" —
He did not finish the remark, except
with a sort of half sigh that the woman
heard and understood perfectly. The cu
rious emlle in her downcast eyes became
more pronounced.
. The man went en, this time a little bit
terly:
" 'Man's love Is of man's life a thing
apart,' you say, and yet Jt seems that I
have better kept alive the memory of
that older time of which you spoke. You
married Carlton within a year of the
breaking of our encagement and never
gave me a chance to explain the accusa
tions that were brought againet me. I
at least have so well remembered that I
have never married." , •
"I was unjust," said the woman. "But
remember that I was very young and
knew very little of the world and of the
men and women who go to make It. It
can do no wrong to you nor to — to Mr.
Carlton to say that I have learned since
that I was all in the wrong. I would
have called you back, John, but my pride
would not let me. 1 waited until hope
died and then I ' married Carlton, who
had been, as you know, devoted to me
for a long time. I thought it for the best,
but perhaps I was mistaken. Perhaps It
would have, been better to have waited
and waited." ¦ .'.
The man looked down at her in sur
prise. His sense of honor was too keen
to permit him to make love to another
man's wife t and it was' a shock to his
memories o'f this woman for her to talk,
in this way. She had married Carlton— a
man whom he despised— and It was not
for him to say anything to which the
most jealous husband might object. He
loved the woc.an, and- he was not will
ing that anything should be said by either
her or himself that would make the old
worship die away.
It was possible that the woman • read
some of this train of thought in his face,
for she looked up at him once more. In
her eyes was a curious smile.
They had reached her house and she
asked him to come in.
"Thanks," he said, "but I fancy that it
will be Impossible for me to do- so. I shall
endeavor to catch the 12:15 train for the
West."
There was a cold dignity in his manner.
"You used to know Mr. Carlton, did you
not?" asked the woman demurely,.
"Yes," replied the man, 'a trifle grimly.
"I knew him, but we were never friends.
I may err In my suspicions, but I have
always thought that It was h£ who told
you the stories about me which made you
TURN BACKWARD.
By Gregory Htxmes.
" ''Please wait here, Davle," said Alice,
as soon as they were on deck; "I'll he
hack in Just a minute."
"Oh; don't scold me, Davle," she plead
ed; "I— I had them darkened— they are
so much more becoming—'.'
"Not with your light hair," said Arm
strong, shortly; "they don't look natural.
Wash that off as soon as you can, child,
and don't do it again."
There was silence in the carriage during
the rest of the drive. Alice sobbed softly
behind her ¦ handkerchief, and Armstrong
was 111 at ease. Why wasn't he kind to
-the child in Just this little hour they
were to be - together? . Notwithstanding
his dim memory of her, she seemed to
have remembered him very pleasantly,
and • she ; was . certainly a charmingly af
fectionate little thing. He. put his arm
around : her and . drew her head to his
breast. . - . •
"Here .you are, sir," called cabby,
opening the door. "Shall I wait?" ¦•
"Yes; I'm only going to see my sister
comfortably aboard." -
(Copyright, 1303, by T. C. McClura.)
r—^l^—-^— jj ji. DAVID ARM
fa|ji£U c g£g/]] STRONG handed a
/MESF7\^Y^i^ii telegrani he had just
vi>|t iW^aM I received to hla part
iSlivj^Wiiv! rer> " isn>t that juat
llke a EChool -£ |r17 "
'?«S^^^S r - Cralners read It
, ratHrrnfagraSggfl and laughed. "I sup
pose she sent it 'collect?* "
"Yes," and then both men laughed.
The message was as follows:
"Dear Brother Davie:- I am coming to
Boston. Please meet ma at the South
Station. The train leaves Hlnkley
Heights at 1 o'clock, and reaches Boston
at 2:32. ALICE ARMSTRONG."
"I didn't know jjou had a slater, Arm
strong."
"I haven't This li ¦ my stepmother's
adopted child.. I haven't seen her for four
years; she was a pretty thing then; about
15. When my father and his wife went
abroad two years ago they placed the
child in a boarding school."
"I see she uses the name of Arm
strong."
"Oddly enough, that Is her own name.
My father's wife was a Mrs. Dana. In
adopting Alice she did not change the
child's name; and when she met and mar
ried my father she declared that Alice's
name was prophetic of what was to come.
I must go, Brainerd; I've barely time to
reach the station."
In the crowd at tha terminal he found
himself shoulder to shoulder with Bob
Tennessee, the detective.
"Hullo, Dave; gelng away?"
"No; expect my slater on this 2:31 Got
a cas* here. Bob?"
"Yes; a young fellow from Blankton—
bank messenger— got fifty thousand on
him in cash and another fifty In nego
tiable bonds."
The 2:32 came slowly to a standstill, and
the passengers streamed out.
Armstrong had not long to wait. A
trim, stylish figure in gray, with skirts of
ankle length, and two heavy braids of
yellow hair tied in several places, school
girl fashion, with big black bows, rushed
up to, him. exclaiming. "Davla. Davle,
don't you know me. Davle V putting up a
pretty red mouth to be kissed.
Armstrong was surprised, but he wasn't
at all "slow," and as he walked away
with his pretty sister, he decided that
Alice had improved.
"Don't wait, Davie," pleaded Alice. **I m
In an awful hurry."
"Just a minute, child; Bob wants to
speak to me." t _
"Fooled, some way, Dave—
"Got off somewhere else, perhaps."
"No, the 2:32 U express from Blank
ton." ' - • '
"Mr. Tennessee, Alice; my sister. Miss
Armstrong,- Bob.."
Alice did not offer her hand nor raise
her eyes to Bob's face, as she- murmured
a faint acknowledgment.
"Will ' you take a carriage, Davie,
please? I am going to tha Cunard Una
pier. The Baxonla leaves at 8:30, and I
have engaged a stateroom."
"You are not going alone. Alice TV
"Oh, yes; mamma sent for me; she is
to meet me at Queenstown."
Armstrong, watching her bright face,
thinking It very charming, exclaimed sud
denly, "Alfce, what have you done to
your eyebrows?"
He was shocked at the quick paling of
the girl's face.
She was away before he could answer.
He waited patiently until the warning
came for "All ashore that's going ashore."
A smart-looking boy. with closely crop
ped, black hair, wearing a trim uniform
of blue, with gold braid on his cap,
rushed up to him. "Your sister was un
able to return. Mr. Armstrong, ar.d sent
this note. Hurry, sir; they are about to
lower the ulank."
Seated In the hansom, Mr. Armstrong
hastily reviewed the past hour. He was
annoyed and greatly dissatisfied. He had
disapproved of the elder Armstrong's
marriage, but nothing would Induce him
to be other than courteous to his father's
wife or kind to her child. He had met his
stepmother but a few times, and was
really not at all acquainted with this girl.
But she had appealed to him. as to a
brother. In a frankly affectionate way,
and he had been unwarrantably harsh.
"Why had he allowed that officious boy to
hurry him off the steamer In that way?
Poor, little thing; how she had trembled
as he held her against blm In the car
riage.
Bob Tennessee was waiting at Arm
strong's office.
"I'm eour on all the world, Dave," was
his greeting. "To think I should let that
little rascal slip through my hands! I
can't sea how It was done."
Armstrong wished Bob would go: h«
wanted to read Alice's letter.
"I spotted that girl when she first got
off the train, but when I saw her make a
break for you I knew she wasn't my
bird."
"What was th» description?" Arm
strong asked, trying to be polity.
Bob handed him a telegram slip and he
read aloud: Height, five feet five inches:
weight, about 130 pounds; blue eyes, black
hair, brows and lashes; uniform, dark
blue, black silk braid; vlsored cap with
gold braid.
Mr. Armstrong:, departing from his usual
habits, said "Damn!" very softly. This
was the boy who brought him the nota
from Alice! He put down tha telegram
and opened the note. "When ha had read
It. departing still more from his usual
habits, he said "Damn!" again, this time
very strongly.
He handed tha letter to Bob, and Bob
read aloud, slowly and carefully:
"My Adorable Davle: I didn't coma
from Hlnkley Heights. I boarded tha
train at Blankton. and it pulled out Just
in time for me to shake a 'day! day!'
from the rear end to the officers. I knew
they'd wire to Boston, but I was onto
their tricks, and 1 carried in my suit
case all the rigging for a tailor maid,
plus tha 'golden braid to hang down my
back.' I've had a proposing acquaintance
with the mest of the girls at Hinklfey
Heights, and the fair Alice didn't escape.
To soften her refusal, she told me she
had given her heart to another when sha
was only 15, and the early conqueror still
held the fort. I managed to find out tha
whole thing, and was shown your photo,
which has tha placa of honor in her den.
I didn't know then tha use I'd make of
the knowledge. I was afraid to trust to
the 'tailor maid' altogether, and you'll
admit it was a brilliant scheme to be met
at the station by so eminent a member of
tha Massachusetts bar as Mr. David Arm
strong. And I'd got enough of tha fam
ily history to carry my part with you all
right, all right.
"I enclose a - dollar bill. Please buy
some good cigars for our friend Bob.
"I'm telling you of the cinch you'v*
got with Alice, as a reward for the good
turn you've done me. Alice Is a peach,
but she hangs too high on the- tree for
arty but the very best, and I think you're
it. Yours truly. HENRY HARDY,
"Also— Mark Browning.
"Otherwise— Jack Flnley.
"Alias— Little Freddie.
"Known to Mister Tennessee as Chum
- mis Charlie."
Bob groaned. Then he, too, said
"Damn!"— and said it forcibly and re
peatedly. "I wasn't prepared for this.
The bank people said it was a trusted
employe— been with them over a year."
He rose, still groaning, and reached
for his hat: then He turned sharply to
Armstrong. "How is it you didn't know
your own sister?"
Armstrong explained.
, Tennessee shook his head slowly, groan-
Ing still more. ,
"Don't let my sister's name get mixed
up with this. Bob."
"I won't mention her. "vThere are you
going. Dave?" as Armstrong walked out
with him.
"To Hlnkley Heights. I must ba abla
to recognize my sister when I see her
. hereafter."
But the outcome of his visit t» Hlnkley
Heights is quit* another storx.
Gold and silver both were there—magi
clans at whese beckcnlng fingers men for
ages have forsaken home and family,
fighting more madly than wild beasts for
the opportunity of being first In the field.
sacrificing religion, law, even reason it
self. Trailing along with the railroad
came the scum cf the earth— thieves,
gamblers, eharpers of ell descriptions.
Women there were a few, whose lives an
unkind fate had linked with these grace
less ecamps of the frontier. They sat
now in the only habitable room of the
Gulch Tavern, a long one-etory shed, with
the usual white canvas roof. The parlor
boasted a Bteve— a warm, luxurious stove.
Around this these women gathered in
xnute and ctony silence, inwardly dreading
the coming night, when the reeking dance
.halls, as near the gates of Hades as mor
tals can got In this life, would woo their
absent partners to the Insanity of cheap
drunkenness. L!fe was never very cer
tain at "The End of the Line." A chance
word, a quick «hot and only another man
tone. No one really cared.
The etorm had delaved the train six or
right hours, and long ago the last drop
cf llcuor had beep, drained to the Intense
prlef of the motley crew. One last hoarse
whistle announced the end of their Jour
ney, when a mad. precipitate rush was
made by the men, who paid scant atten
tion to the one woman who had spent a
terrified night in their midst, silently en
during the drunken orgy throughout her
tedious Journey.
Stumbling through the drifts, the men
eoon filled to oversowing the big general
room of the tavern, loudly demanding:
"Whisky!" "Plenty of It!" "Hot, and
C d Quick, too!"
In eucb awful ways doea civilisation
force Its inarch through a long line of
mertjTa. Science, fighting against ter
rific odda, was making an effort to reach
the new mines up among the clouds which
fcovtred over the mountain top.
k t — *. a T was a stiff blizzard,
* Mir^SS^^TSfTl * ven f or the Gulch 
!'&*! 5**3« I chone. although it was
i ''^'^E^V?'! near] y obscured by the
j^r'^Bjb}^. L dense swirling of the
T^^gJBL^ffi 3 drifting enow.. The.
>4.*^iri^wfaJ wind swept all before
it with savage fury, while the December
cold wu bo intense one's breath flouted
ahead in tiny ice crystals.
Nature never dreamed when she rent
the hills asunder, making a narrow cpen
lr.g to the plain below, that civilization In
it* crudest form would plant an outpost
there. t
The hills on both 6ldes of the frozen
mountain stream were covered with
ghai.edowr.6, mere shanties, whose rough
wooden 6ides. with canvas roofs and par
titions, were hardly covering sufficient to
keep out the wintry blasts.
There were three or four hundred of
these crude dwellings, besidf-s many tents
that had on extra covering of shaggy
skins, either bear or buffalo hide, which
served to chut out the bitterly cold wind
that swtpt eo pitilessly through the
Gulch.
Everything was hastily thrown to
gether In most clumey fashion, Ju»t for
the time cnly. for any day might come
the order, "L'p stakes, and move for
ward!" usually abuut ten miles ahead.
"The end of the line" only halted long
enough for these extra miles to be com
pleted. A new railroad was slowly and
painfully creeping through the Gulch.
Over the level plain of the "Great South
Park" tt had leaped with giant strides,
bavin* nothing to retard its progress
more formidable than the stiff grasses
and sagebrush that had etood untrodden
tor centuries. At the base of the moun-
ULlns facing this gorge it hesitated, where
rock upon rock and the steep ascents and
sudden turnings were enough to cause the
heart of the strongest engineer to quail.
Up came the road, first on one side, then
cra*wlln* over a frail "bridge to the other,
often finding a eudden landslide of the
night before had carried off the very stone
It needed for cupport; then. In Its ex
tremity, calling to its aid that long
wooden trestlework. which looked as frail
and full of danger as it really was. making
a ehaky foundation that was a near rela
tive of the old coach road, which fre
quently eer.t stage horsea and passengers
down the inaccessible elde of the deadly
ravine, where their whitening bones wait
for eternity.
With one sweep the dishes were dis
posed of and the body stretched out to
await the dawn of another day.,
In the "crowd was a vagrant lawyer,
who hastily opened a sort of court to de
termine I what should be done with the
Duchess. Some one then remembered the
missing girl, and a search party was In
stantly dispatched in quest of her. During
its absence the celf-constituted Judge
FClemiily delivered his opinion: "That the
raid Dook Williams came to his death at
the- hands cf a woman whom he had de
ceived; that the said woman killed him
under great provocation, and that she
cercrves the mercy of the court in order
that she. may repent."
In this way a court that would have
lynched a claim Jumper on sight or a
horse thief coolly dismissed an every day
murder. While the -farcical court slowly
dissolved itself' the wretched woman
withdrew to her room— a tiny corner cur
tained off with blankets from the long
leading to the enter room, where the men
¦were still drinking.
"Come In here and ee« what I have
done!" she shouted. Led by the gaunt
landlord, whose- firm favorite Paul had
been, part of the men filed in. The sight
of the dead face sobered them all. Tha
grief-stricken landlord rudely grasped the
Duchess by the shoulder. "My poor, dear
Paul, this she devil shall swing for It!".
Shaking off his detaining hand, the
Duchess faced the mob without a trace
of fear. "Swing nothln'; Dook deserved
all he got and more, too. He lied to that
paJe-faced girl; he lied to me. He swore
I was the only woman in the world worth
living for, and I wasn't a bad looking
woman before he robbed me of my other
eye. No, sir, there ain't no use a-talkin'
about swingin'. You Just make a p'ace
for Dook cut there on the table, where he
can lay."
The bright sunshine of th's splendid
day served to bring rut still more vividly
the sordid poverty of a miserable shake
down, which held in one corner a rude
camp bed, in another an old stove sup
porting a rusty boiler, while over a
steaming washtub bent a haggard one
eyed woman, who paused in her work to
mutter: "I with I hed let 'em done that
swingin'." Rtc, after it3 last journey
moved bodily with all its reeking wicked
ness, stands "The End of the ".Jne."
In June the hillsides were radiant with
beautiful variegated flowers and
grasses. The mountain streams glinted
nnd rippled in the sunlight. The rails
of a finished road wound ptacefully up
from the gulch. All around was lovely
summer and * glorious solitude, with no
eign cf sin' or sorrow to mar the beauty
of th<? v scene.
double line of beds, where the men were
eoon sleeping. There the Duchess, with
wide-open* staring eyes, kept her lonely
vigil through the long hours- of the night
search party, numbed and half
frozen, returned without finding a trace
of the poor girl, saying It would be im
possible for any one to survive very Ions
exposed to the fury of the mountain
storm, which grew fiercer every moment.
Soon the steaming "glasses of hot whisky
blotted out all remembrance of the young
girl or her fate.' . .
Outside, around the wretched tavern,
the wind still madly" raged. The broken
hearted girl, her senses dulled . by the
horror of the past scene, wandered aim
lessly until overtaken by night, with Its
mantle of darkness. On the hills the gray
wolves howled and howled. The swirling
snow piled the drifts higher and higher,
but no, silently and swiftly that soon all
trace of the wanderer was blotted out for
ever.
"Did you?" retorted she of the one eye.
"Then you'd better get b*ck there quick.
This ain't no place for girls " ke 5'w"".. a
"I came to find my husband. Baby died
and I was so lonely." the girl said, more
to herself than otherwise.
"Who's your husband?"
"Paul W.ill!ams," she answered. Blmply.
"There ain't no man In the Gulch
narnM Paul Williams."
"Oh. yes; my husband wrote home from
here. He sent us mcrey. so when I was
alone I came out to live wif.i him. It 13
four years since he left us." repllPd the
girl, in a tired voice.
"W«ll I tell you there ain't but one
man here named Williams— 'Dook' Wil
liams—and he's been my liusband for two
years. You've come for nothin'."
"What shall I do?" cried the girl. In
sudden terror. "Oh, madam, you must
be mistaken. My husband is surely
here." „
"Well, I ain't, mistaken. You can juet
bet I ain't. I've been with this crowd
long enough to know every thief In It.
My husband Is the richest gambler in the
Gulch, and the hardest drinker, too. \ou
see me. don't you! He shot cut my ether
eye In one of his drunks "
The girl, terrified by this brutal frank
ness, exclaimed: "How u-rriblcl Are you
not afraid of his?"
"Me?" the woman laughed scornfu.ly.
"me afraid? I guess not much. I put a
knife In hi* side, though, to square ac
counts. I think we're even, him and me:
¦«uFt about even, we are, 'Dook' and inf.
'The noisy chatter in the outer loom
was suddenly disturbed by the gen.-ral
welcome accorded to a new arrival. A
thick voice could be distinsusfced calling
out "Have one with me. boys."
After the clinking cf the g'.a-s<-s the
came voice asked: "NHiere's til-* Duchess?
In the rarlor. is ?he? Well, her* soes.'
Then into the room *vhcrf the v.o:ncn
were lurched a tall blond man. He bad
been handsamc one?, before diFspition
made of him a bloated, dru.ilten wreck.
There was still an a*r of distinction ajout
him that made him st*r:.-J cut from the
worthless crowd, an air that easily mao •
him the careless idol of this delimit:
camp.
"Pretty early in the nay for you to
bo drunk," was the sarcastic grcttinjj of
the one-eyed woman.
But the face of the slrl sttmpea
with horror as the rr;p4 out appeailngly:
"Paul! Paul Williams:"
"Good God, llr.be'.:" hi gasped* "what
fiend brings you lure io see iit'j vrhi'.
depths a man csn sink?"
"Paul! Oh, Paui! can this be you. Can
It be you? Is this the man whose imase
I have hugged to my desolate heart. aaJ
'for whom I have braved the awful ter
rors of this lonely journey, thai I raign:
shelter myself forever in his heart?
1 11 not believe it. This U some horribw
nlchtmare."
The one-eyed woman c'.utchrd his arm.
"Dook." she cried, '-what is th'.s bowling
girl to your'
"My wife," he answered broken y.
"Your wife! She can't be your wife. I'm
your wife!" shaking him vlclous'y.
"She was my wife when I was a man."
stubbornly iterated the "Dook." ,
"Oh, ehe was. was she? Then what am
I?" yelled the infuriated Duchess.
"You're a— well, you're what you've a!
wa;-s been."
"Give me a name, you brute, if you
dare."
The man was fast lapsing Into drunken
ness—a bitter and recriminating drunken
ness. "You're a curse, a plain curse.
that's what you are. A d d plain and
ugly one, too, a one-eyed curse."
Finding herself alone, the solitary pas
senger, a pale, fragile girl, who looked
sadly out of place In such surroundings,
made her way with difficulty to the tavern
door. For a moment she stood dismayed
at the sight which confronted her in the
outer room. Then one man, kinder than
the others opened the door of the parlor
and the girl timidly entered the room
where the other women sat and made her
way to the stove. There she stood
amazed at the surrcundlr.es. impressed
above all with the unfriendliness of those
silent women. She carried a bag. which
she placed on the floor while she thawed
her numbed fingers. When the warmth
hnd Riven her courage she ventured to
speak: "I beg your pardon; this Is W es
ton Guich. is it not?" .
A coarse, one-eyed woman answered:
"Yes. Weeton's what It Is. Did you think
It was Boston?"
"I came from Boston," replied the girl.
Around the flre the other women still
sat. One roused enough to say: ''Kinder
tcvgh; she'll most likely freeze to delth."
"Hope she will; it's easier than
starvin'," said another.
"And she's made me kill the r'.che--t
gambler in the place— I may have to get
down to work again." was the savaga
comment of the Duchess, who again
kr.elt beside Paul, seeking for a sign of
life. Her deadly knife had done its work
only too well. Finding her task hopeless,
she again rose and threw open the door
"Take your traps with you and never
phow your face here again. 'Taint safe,
I tell rou!"
Opening the door, the girl for a moment
was daunted by the bitter cold. Then,
bravely facing the icy blast, she drew her
wraps tighter about her and was soon
swallowed up in the mas3 of swirling
Enow. '
Silently wrapping her shawl about her,
the girl walked toward the door,. Seeing
the bag by the stove, the woman threw
It after her.
"I killed him 'cause you came here:
rurse your pale, puny, hateful face. You
pet up, get up and get out of here. And
do il cuick, too!"
She placed her hand over his heart.
"Yes; yes; dead, and I done It; done
Jt as he always said I would, and why?"
She gin need where the terrified girl
crouched silently weeping. The woman
rose and stood over her, shaking with
cruel rasslon.
Thoroughly enraged at this taunt, the
woman suddenly drew a knife from her
bosom and thrust It to the very hilt. Into
hia heart. Paul sank to the floor without
a sound. Then, throwing away her knife,
the bewildered woman sank to her knees
by his side.
"Have I killed him at last," she cried,
"the only man I ever cared for?"
THE SUNDAY CALL.
By OtHo B. Sex&geu
4
THE AND OF THE LINETHE SUNDAY CALL.I Vs^ 5 *^ EA^ HOLE at a recent meeting on behalf of Swanley
A|i Horticultural College spoke of a rich man to whom some
-^~|>o\ l|( QstB one sa "*« "Sir, your son has a marvelous talent for engin
.---^O*\ If eering. Place him in the workshop of some great firm and
/^-^r^^-ts^ I warrant you that in time the world will hear of him." The
\O/ ""^Svi father replied, "I wish my son to be a gentleman, not j a
"^^v^^^ stoker." "He maybe much worse than a stoker," rejoined
oSf^ the other; "he may be a loafer." The boy was sent to an
expensive public school and later to the unive-sity, and when he grew up he
did become a loafer, a barren tree in the orchard, a stumbling block in the
path.
To aim at culture as an immediate goal is to' invite defeat and to pave
the way to failure and disaster. In this respect culture is akin to beauty, the
pursuit of which as an end in itself always proved a sure sign of decadence
in the arts of architecture and sculpture. Culture and beauty form atmos
pheres which cannot exist by themselves, bui are the natural emanation from
honest and earnest work, and girdle with ambient grace the solid orb of use
ful arts and knowledge. The old-world opinion that usefulness is degrading
dies hard. Inherited from the sublime but inaccessible philosophy of the
Stoics, it tainted the teaching of the medieval schools and like a' noxious
weed still encumbers and renders fruitless many a seed-bed of education. The
record of the fact that the greatest being who ever trod this earth was a
carpenter should for all time have dispelled so absurd a heresy from Chris
tendom. To the credit of the Hohenzollerns and some other dynasties be it
said that the scions of royalty are invariably brought up to a trade or use
ful calling.
Theory and Practice Combined.
The unhappy divorce which until recent years separated knowledge from
usefulness went far toward permitting the world to be filled with idle schol
ars and ignorant workers. The demand for reform in educational methods
which is now reshaping the curriculum from the first step in the infant
school to the topmost rung of the educational ladder in the university owes
its success to the fact that it is the resultant of forces converging from two
different directions. It is urged on one side that the scholar, ignorant of
practical methods, is unable to apply his knowledge and is unfitted for the
real work of life, and on the other side that the worker who does not under
stand the scientific principles underlying his calling becomes a slave to rou
tine and is incapable of meeting the ever-varying requirements of progressive
trade and industry. ¦ On the one hand there is a requirement for practical
work to counteract the school tendency to theory and on the other hand for
scientific instruction to enlighten practice. The educator of to-day endeav
ors to reconcile these apparently conflicting, but in reality complementary,
claims; he seeks to forge the link between theory and practice, and by com
bining science and art trains youth to be both scholarly and . skillful and
unites the aims of the workshop and the school.
Progressive Universities.
The Allied Colonial Universities Conference, held recently in London, re
vealed the fact that the universities of Greater Britain have adopted the view
that the avenues to culture and success may be made identical. The principal
and vice chancellor of Magill University said that "the universities beyond
the sea had long taken leave of the idea that a university can be held to dis
charge its whole duty if it keeps itself jealously apart from the practical inter
ests of life, and from the calls of the world's work."
Both new and old universities are establishing departments of commerce,
engineering and applied science, and are bent on adapting their teaching to
every-day requirements. Birmingham disdains not to teach the science and
art of wholesomely brewing the national beverage. Cambridge, has estab
lished a tripos in economics. The tide of affairs now surges within the very
portals of the ancient seats of learning. The cloistered seclusion of colleges
facing inward to a quadrangle is no longer in keeping with the altered rela
tionship between knowledge and business. The thoughts of men are uncon
sciously embodied in their architecture. In America a significant , struc
tural change has taken place in the arrangement of college buildings. These
are now turned outward and face the world as if typical of the manner in
which the successful student steps directly from his Alma Mater into v the
workshop or counting-house.
The close nexus which has been woven between the centers of learning
and the practical affairs of life is attended with mutual advantage. Busi
ness is enriched by the accession of well-trained . intelligence, and the basis
of culture gains breadth and strength. Where all forms of knowledge are
widely spread it is possible for gifted individuals to attain a higher, degree
of culture than whete the general average of education is on a lower plane,
just as the loftiest mountain peaks spring as a rule from a high range of sur
rounding country.
In nt> direction has the influence of the age been more marked. than in
the increased estimation of commercial callings. Trade and commerce are
the channels in which the bold and adventurous spirits of the modern world
embark their energies; success in these callings demands high intellectual
and moral qualities which have been enumerated by recognized authorities as
follows: Extraordinary energy, good judgment, courage, resourcefulness, in
sight for the purpose of selecting suitable subordinates, vivid imagination and
firm upright character. These aptitudes which not only deserve and
command success, but also* go far toward forming a cultured and admirable
character. Above all the active temperament is essential, for it is useless to
perceive the possibilities of a position without possessing the initiative neces
sary to grasp it.' .. ' . ; " /
The alliance of both culture and success with activity is destined to grow
more and more' intimate. The truth of the saying that action and not .
thought should be the aim of life is now universally admitted. In action
knowledge" is confirmed and doubt dispelled. The command of the ancient
oracle, "Know thyself," can be best fulfilled by . the modern injunction,
"Find out what you can do." But not only is well ordered and rightly di
rected activity the legitimate goal of knowledge, it is through action that
knowledge enters the human mind. Activity stands therefore with regard to
knowledge both as cause and effect. : ;
Muscular' Knowledge.
The recognition of the important part played by the muscular system in
imbibing knowledge has revolutionized the methods of education. Formerly"
the pupil was regarded as a passiverecipient of information. The active
mood was reserved for the teacher, who accounted himself happy if he was .
permitted with, the minimum of resistance "to bombard the ears and eyes of
his pupils with spoken and written words. The true meaning of the word ap
prehension" was lost sight of. The memory was crammed with matter pitch
forked at random without regard to the readiness of the active agents of the
mind to -receive, and arrange it in some sort of order. Had it not been for
the healthy playground art of forgetting indigestible and unsuitable material
the old type of school would have been a wholesale manufactory of confused
intellects and irresolute wills. Many children with feeble powers of resistance,
whose minds were filled with loose, unattached words, shared the perplexity,
of poor Paul Dombey, to whom whether twenty Romuluses made a Remus,
or Hie Haec Hoc was a. troy weight, or a verb always agreed with ah ancient
Briton, were open questions. (
All this has "now been changed. Systematic hand and eye training have
won a permanent place in the curriculum of every efficient school and have
been found not only to strengthen the powers of observation and to promote
neatness and dexterity, but also to quicken generally the power of intellect
ual apprehension, so that the faculty of acquiring information from books is
greatly increased. When these new methods were first' advocated it wa3
claimed that the workshop might fairly be regarded as a usefuf adjunct to the
classroom, but so, successful has the new departure proved that in some cases
the schoolday is divided into two equal parts, half only* being spent 'in the
classroom and the remainder devoted to the workshop, laboratory and garden.*
The fear that over-pressure might result from the addition of these studies
has been dispelled; they form in reality a welcome relief from book work; they
are not so much new subjects as improved methods of dealing with all sub
jects so that a skillful co-ordination of workshop and classroom does not ex
tend the field of study, but rather provides a deeper tilth of ground, already
occupied but imperfectly cultivated. The lessons are not merely .read, but
marked, learned and inwardly digestad, and information thus acquired, be
comes thoroughly assimilated. Thus! are satisfied the requirements of cul
ture no less than of success, and in this path both aims are reconciled.
A General Training Indispensable.
The training of the senses to appreciate the beautiful and of the will to
choose the right are also essential conditions of culture, and these are in no
other way fulfilled so well as by education through activity, which alone sat
isfies, the desideratum of training of head, hand and heart. The road of gen
eral education ; for success may now be said to be fairly well .defined and in
most respects is found to be identical with that of true culture^ but there are
no short cuts to the goal of immediate utility. Too early specialization
stunts intellectual growth and unduly narrows the view. No; matter what
shape the, vessel is destined ultimately to assume, all the clay must alike un
dergo a preliminary tempering and preparation. The technical school by its
promise of immediate fruit must never be allowed to'usurp the years which
should be devoted to preliminary education. On a sound . stock, of general
training the special aptitude for any particular/ calling can be readily en
grafted. The simultaneous and harmonious development through exercise of ;
all the faculties of mind and body during the plastic years V of youth ' consti
tutes the brst possible guarantee for a successful and well spent life, but woe
be to the educator who measures success byV mere: money making. This
would be an infinitely) more deplorable and fatal error than the old-fashioned
view of education as the mere: acquisition of iknowledge. : The' ; teacher is the .
gardener of humanity whose 'object. should be to Increase and strengthen the
heart wood of the tree. Accretions, whether of " facts in the • head I or , gold in
the pocket, are as lichens which entrust ' the ; bark but are not indicative of i
real growth. : •
• In this respect it is well to call to mind the glowing words with which
Mrs. Ewingconcludes the, story of "Jackanapes": ,.'-•,
"Very sweet are the uses of prosperity,: the harvests, of peace and prog
ress, the fostering sunshine of health and '. happiness and length" of ; days in the
land. But there <be things i**.*i,'the;goodoffcwhich' and: the ;. use of
which are beyond all calculation of worldly goods and earthly fuses; things
such as Love and Honor and the Soul of Man, which cannot ;be bought with
a price, and which do not die with death. And they. ; who : would fain live
happily ever after should. not leave these things out of the lessons of thdr
lives." .^ ¦¦¦;¦¦.¦. .•*'".-¦ ¦-.-.--. •"-
Shall the child be sent to public or private school? This is a hard ques
tion to answer, unless it be answered by saying that he should be, sent to
the best school. Other things being equal, that school will be where ia
found the ' best teacher. ajp^g§gBg|
Someprivate schools have certain advantages over the public schools
of some localities. The convictions of some lead many to send to schools for
that religious instruction which they feel is a necessity.* Manv of these find
it best to transfer to the public schools as soon as they can conscien^ously
do to.
Where they are what they should be, it will generally be found that the
best training is given in the public schools. Their equipment is generally
far; superior. The State requires a certain, definite pedagogical training
of every teacher; while any one. without special preparation, can teach in a
private school. . .
Too many parents send their children to private schools because, so
long as the, tuition isypaid promptly, their children are permitted to* do
about as they "please and study when and what they like. Thus they un
wittingly injure their chances for. the future. Before it is too late many
discover the mistake and send to the public school, where thev are treated
just as they deserve to be. regardless of the homes from which they come.
This is ' certainly the best preparation for life.
Private or Public Schools.
The age at which children may be sent to the public school raries id
the different States. Six admit at the age of four; nineteen at five, twentfl
at six. Some children develop more rapidly than others, but few. if any,
are sufficiently developed to be deprived of their mental and physical free
dom before they are five years old. Many who have reached the age of six
should not be kept in school more than one-half a day, unless the work Is
imbued with the kindergarten spirit. The records prove that most chil
dren who enter at the age of seven or eight soon overtake and pass thosa
who have entered at an earlier age. Worse than this, too often those enter
ing early become dwarfed mentally when they should be at their best. It u
important to remember that these first years are the time for physical
growth. By their childish play and simple investigation they will learn
more between the ages of three and six than'they will ever learn a! school in
twice that time. - . *
The child who is sent to the kindergarten should be sent before the ag«
of six. Better at the age of five, provided it is a kindergarten in fact and
not merely in name. If the so-called kindergarten instills, in a pleasant
way, habits of obedience, attention, truth, tidiness, order, courtesy and good
manners in general, it is a good kindergarten. In too many most of thesa
ends are not reached. If the teacher 13 well prepared and has the right
spirit it is safe to trust your child's interests to her. Otherwise, it is not.
The right kind of a home will be far better than such a school.
Age of Entering School,
[S — * _ ..JlEz&fi EARS ago. while passing along the street in New York, a
Ii"^^^^v5^<il y° un K artist saw a beautiful child, in which hl3- trained eye
perceived more perfection than he had ever seen before in
l/£i^lvv'fil any human bcm K- He could not pass Jt by. He gazed
and RazcdI The more he studied the little boy the more
Ty(^iM^6^^ angelic his perfection seemed "I must paint that child's
f j^^^^aif>^a picture." he exclaimed. "I will never see such a child
again." He painted it; and, it is said, drew from It the
inspiration which made him famous, for it filled him with the highest and
noblest of thoughts.
Because of his love for it, he refused fabulous offers. Those who had
children ofwtheir own loved them better because of the sight of it. ThoM
who had no children longed for them as they gazed upon the eanvaa,
Those who had lost their little ones seemed lifted nearer heaven as they,
stood before it. The artist said: "If I can find a human being sufficiently;
hideous, I will paint it to show the contrast." Many years passed before his
search was rewarded. Finally, in a foreign country, he found a hideous
man, the personification of all that 1 was vile and Infamous. He lay upon tbd
prison floor, clad in rags, with haggard face and bloodshot eyes, cursing God
and man, while he waited for the summons to the gallows to pay.tha pcs>
alty of one of his foul murders. The artist received permission to paint thd
picture*. The contrast was something terrible in its* completeness. Imagla*
if you can the dreadful shock to the artist when he discovered that he had.
painted two pictures of the same person. The angelic child, because of tha
improper training received from his parents, had developed into th« inhu
man fiend. . ¦ . '
About this time of year many anxious parents are asking themselves
asking such questions as: At what age should a child start to school?
What about the kindergarten? Shall I send to public or private school?
Since the future welfare of a child may largely depend upon the proper aa
swers to these questions, they are of vital importance; for next to. his homo
his school home most powerfully influences each child's development.
Too many parents send their children to school for the purpose of scat
ting rid of them. It is quite natural that the tired mother should feel di*«
posed to shift the responsibility to the stfoulders of the teacher. However,
is it not the parent's duty to consider, not her own comfort, but rather thg
mental, moral and physical welfare of the child? ':' i
By Sir Jonn A. CocRburn, K. G. M. G.
EDUCATIONS
FOR SUCCESS
A CHILD'S SAD
DAYS.
FiftnTalR by W. J. Shearer, A.M., Pd. D.
* -i-^i, iji OPEKA. Kans., Oct ia.— The*" women of Kansas recently won their greatest political victory ov«r*
r5y^5ri3n5 their husbands, brothers, fathers and sweethearts, and the reports of the affray are reaching the
! SB 139 office of 'the State Superintendent of Public Instruction in the form of returns from the/ school
l-K S&; district elections. These returns indicate that the women have elected a majority of the members
g£^ Safe °^ the country school boards in the two thousand district* of the State. The platform on which
«3 *Wi thc womrn conducted their campaign for control of the schools was kept a secret until the day of
hS5»«r%«-3\\ the balloting. It declared for wiping out the objectionable provisions of the teachers' contracts
*¦¦ ¦ wmmm * which forbid the women teachers to receive attentions and calls from their gentlemen admirers
during the school term and provide for forfeiture of a portion of their salaries If the women marry before the end
of their terms. . . .
The campaign which the women conducted for control of the schools was one of the most secret m the history
of the State. For .genuine "gum shoe" work it has no equal in political 'Campaigns . in Kansas, and there have been
a number of very quiet ones in the State. When it became known three months ago that the country school
boards, which were then controlled by the men, would not make contracts with women teachers for the coming
year unless the contracts contained the provisions in regard to marrying, the women decided to gain control of
the boards. They kept their intentions to", themselves and started a secret campaign. Every woman in the districts
affected by the new order was urged to come to the polls on the day of election in July or August and vote for
three women for members of the district board. Only in a few of the districts did the fact become known that the
women were after the offices, and in some of these the men made stubborn fights.
A majority of the elections were held in August However, some were held in June and July. A majority of
those held in July were won by the woman because the men were too busy in the harvest fields to pay much atten
tion to public affairs. The August elections also found a majority of the men busy and the women won nearly all of
them.. The women did not appear at the polls until the afternoon of the day of the voting, and then they came in
force and carried the day before the men could rally their scattered strength. It was a carefully planned 'surprise
and well executed. Thc men could scarcely believe the stories they heard after the votes had been counted, lien
who had served'on the district boards until they had come to be looked upon as owners of the school buildings
were unseated by large majorities and found that the wife or daughter of some neighbor had been elected in their
stca£ . . *
Every contract which has been let by the new boards leaves the teacher free to receive calls from gentlemen
friends and to get married before the end of the school term if she desires. In the districts where the women
elected all three of thc members of the boards they are even talking of depriving the male teacher of the privilege
of smoking on pain of forfeiting, a part of their monthly salaries. This action, would be taken only by way of retalia
tion for the action of the boards which have prohibited the women teachers from marrying.
In nearly all of the districts where the: women were successful the men have cheerfully given up their places
and have announced their intention of making the next fight a harder one. In other places the men have threatened
to carry the contest to the courts. They have declared that the women used illegal methods to influence voters and in
conducting the campaign. Very few of tfiese threats show signs of, materializing. ''/-•
One report which has reached the State Superintendent is to the effect that force was necessary to obtain. the
places on the board in a Morris County district. The women there had elected their candidates • and . all .the men
surrendered their places with the, exception of W^T.rEckert; the chairman of the board, who has had the place for
thirty years. The women" made no* demonstration" until thelday of the next board meeting, 1 ? when they gathered at the
schoolhouse door and forcibly took the keys of thc-building from Eckert's person and-drbve him away: from the
meeting. • -...: "¦."'*%: . ".. " ,• "I;.
THE SUNDAY OAlI/Tj.
6
LOVE'S VICTORY POLLS IN KANSAS
Emigration .
the
Negro's
Only
Salvation
by
Bishop
EL M. Turner
On this
P»g«
next
Sunday.
Influence
of
Monarchs
on
Subjects
by v
W*. T. Stead.
Unsolved
Mystery
of the -
"Tinian
Monoliths
by
Captain
XL F. Tower.
On this
p*E«
next
Sunday.
Managing
1 Young
Children
Artifice
W. J.Sheare:Continued on Paxe 14.
"As much as you can; all that Is of
fered below 37," squeaked the it&poleon
of the Street. It was a Napoleonic order.
"And, Coolidge, I don't want this known
by any one. Clear the stock yourself.' 1
It meant that Mr. Coolidge was. to '.put
the stock through the clearing-house In
his own name. As there Is a charge for
this service, in addition to the usual buy-
Ing or celling commission, such steps are
not resorted to unless it 1» desired to con
ceal the identity of the. broker's principal.
Ormiston's 6000 shares found their way
to Mr. Coolidce's office at from 34% to
33% The man who once had done Greener
a good turn now did him another— the gift
"Cooiidge, £0 to the board at once. Or
miston Is going to sell 6000 shares of Iowa
Midland. Get it cheap as you can. Don't
be In a hurry, though."
"How much shall I buy?" asked the
broker. Jotting down a few figures In his
order book.
"Mr. Rock," he squeaked, placidly,
"telephone Mr. Brown that Ormiston,
Monkhouse & Co. are about to sell ' 6000
jhares of Iowa Midland, and that Mi.
Coolidge must not pay more than 33 for
it."
"Mr. Coolidge is In your private room,
sir." announced an office boy.
The little financier confronted his. chief
confidential broker. Their relations were
unsuspected by the Street. Everybody
thought Coolidge was a pleasant and hon
orable man.
'Thirty-seven and an eighth. Thirty
seven!" shouted Ormiston. "Great Scott!
she's eoing down like a " He did not
finish the comparison, but rushed out of
the office without pausing to say good-by.
Acaln Mr. Greener summoned a con
fidential clerk.
Iowa crop. Along the lire of the Keokuk
and Northern the crop is not what I hoped
lor." And he shook his head dolefully.
"Ticky-ticky-ticky-tfck!" said the ticker.
The portly man approached the little
machine.
however carefully, would be sure to break
the market." '. »
"Brown," squeaked the little man,
plaintively;"! have concluded • that in
case I can't get enouch Etock to bring
Willetts' and his crowd"— the president of
the Iowa Midland and his , fellow direc
tors—"to my way of thinktng, we had bet
ter sell the block we now hold to the Keo
kuk & Northern* Railway Company at the
market price of $68 a share. Perhaps we
could even run it up a little higher. Our
ptock cost' 1 us 'on an average $51 a share.
We could take our- payment one-half in
cash and -half in first mortgage bonds at
a fair discount. The deal would be highly
beneficial to the Keokuk & Northern Com
pany, since, -having such a large Btock
of. her rival's stock, there would be no
more fighting and rate cutting. Our com
pany, would be a Powerful factor in the
Iowa Midland's affairs,' for ; we ought to
have two, or possibly three, directors in
their board."/ '¦' V . ' .
"Greener," said Brown, "shakel" -
"Oh, no; not yet," . squeaked the little
man, deprecatlngly. , V
: Shortly afterward began a campaign of
hostility 'against the management of : the
Iowa*. Midland -Railway. Company and
President Willetts in particular. It .was a
bitter, campaign of, defamation,' of. Ingen
ious accusations and of alarming prognos
tications. :• All the newspapers; important
or obscure, subsidized or honest, began'to
print -articles of "the kind ; technically
known as "roasts." : The road, it ,was '. de
clared,' had escaped a receivership by a
sheer, miracle. President, Willetts'. incom
petence I was stupendous and ' incurable.
There was, s in sooth, some basis for \ the
complaints.' and many stockholders were
undoubtedly dissatisfied with the ; Willetts
!'dynasty." i But, not even • the „ newspapers
themselves knew ; that ''¦ they .were •. merely
nioving in respons* ; to . wires artistically
pulled by i a , financial genius I of tJ*s ¦ first
water. "^The • stock " once V, mon , declined.'
Many- timid brdlsgusted holder* sold "out.
Mr." Greener; gave . no sign of IS? v aut his
brokers bought the stock offered for sale.'
Brown said to" his partner one '= day, \ a
little uneasily: "Supposing we can't 'get
any more stock, what are We going to do
with what we have?" To try to cell It,
Such was the first of a series of skir
mishej by means of which the diminutive
Napoleon : of the Street captured the float-
Ing supply of Iowa Midland stock, until
he had not less than 65,000 shares safe In
his clutches.
All the old tricks that he knew and new
devices he Invented were used , to hido
from the Street the fact that Mr. Greener
was buying the stock on every opportun
ity. ,BUt beyond a certain limit extensive
purchases of a particular stock cannot be
concealed from the thousand 6hrewd men
whb make their - living— a ; very good ; liv
mg, indeed— by not being blind. First one
thing, then another, told these men that
some powerful financier, .- or . group " of
financiers, had bought enormously # of
Iowa Midland, "absorbing-" ' unostenta
tiously all the stock shaken out > by the
violent : fluctuations' - of the past .few
months. This fact and the remarkable Im
provement of business alone the line : of
the road caused a.- "substantial ' rise" ' in
the price of the company's. securities.' But
no one suspected the little Napoleon with
the shifty eyes and the squeak and the
genius, who had bought in the open mar
ket, through unsuspected brokers,' and' in
Iowa from the local holders, by means of
secret agents, until he had accumulated
78,600 shares.
In- addition, Coolidge, employing several
brokers, purchased 23,000 shares in all,
•yvhlch meant that Mr. Greener, after "cov
ering" Brown's early "short sales," was
'in. possession of fully 14,000 shares of the
common fctock of the Iowa Midland Rail
way Company, at a price averaging near
ly 6 points lower than they could have
been bought on the preceding day, which
Is to say $75,000 cheaper.
But Erowh & Greener had made as much
on their short. sales, which was actually
equivalent to having the lambs pay a man
for the privilege of being shorn byhlm!
Each reporter. who saw that smile went
away convinced to the life wagering point
that Mr. John' F. Greener was in control
of the Iowa Midland. And they wrote ac
cordingly. " ,
President Willetts all but had an apo
plectic . stroke; The street disgustedly
said: "Another successful, villainous plot
of Greener's!" And such was his reputa
tion that the stock declined ten points in
two days. Investors and -speculators alike
displayed a frantic desire not to be Identi
fied in. any/, way or manner with one of
Mr/* Greener's properties." • ;
..The .little .financier, had not been mis
taken. '.' His last card' was . his own evil
reputation.' On the widespread fear that
followed, his broker's artistic "indiscre
tion" he waa able to "scoop" 32,000 shares
more ' at *low " figures. Such is the value
of i fame! • /
¦¦: He;now, held 110,000 shares,; or one-third
of the ' Iowa 1 Midland ' Railroad Company's
entire ' ¦• capital '¦-; stock— enough # to %* coerce
Willetts ; into . making very, profitable \ ar
rangements 'with .Mr.. Greener's ; Keokuk
and :, Northern : Railway . CVynpany. '.- Of
course \ the ¦ absolute ' contra' ' <*; the Iowa
The. reporters rushed to Mr. Greener's
office. The little financier would not be
seen. At length he reluctantly consented
to be Interviewed. He admitted, after a
skillful display, of unwillingness, : that he
had bought Iowa Midland , stock. As to
the amount, he said that was not of Inter
est' to the general public The reporters
finally cornered him and succeeded in
making the little financier say, with a
fleeting and very peculiar smile: "Yes, It
Js over 100,000 shares." And not another
word could the newspaper men get out
of him. , ' ¦ ¦ * .'
It was very well done. The annual meet
ings of. the company was only six weeks
away.
At length a well known and talkative
broker confided to an intimate friend, who
tojd his intimate friend . In confidence,
who whispered to his chum, who told,'
etc.» etc. , that Mr. John F. Greener had
been responsible for the fall and rise of
Iowa Midland stock: that for months he
had been buying' it on the Stock .Ex
change; that he had quietly picked up
some large blocks In Iowa. All of which
was very sad, and, worse still, true. Also,
that Mr. 'Greener now held. 182,300 shares
of the stock, which was even sadder, but
untrue.
The clerk had studied Greener's Napo
leonic methods for two years. He had
learned patience for one thing, and he had
waited for his chance. It had come at
last and he- knew it... I.
The clerk all that wee* did nothing but
collect .the Iowa Midland proxies prom
ised by the complaisant trust companies.
They amounted to 21,200 shares. Prom
prominent brokerage houses, by means
"It Is all that it is worth to me, Mr.
Rock, and I think it is worth more to me
than to anybbdy else. I'll raise your sal
ary, from sixteen hundred to two thousand
a year. That's a great deal njqre money
than I had at your age, Mr. Rock."
"Very well," said Rock quietly. "I'li do
the best I can." But once away from
Greener, his face flushed with anger and
indignation.' '"Ten thousand for what
might be worth ten millions to the Rn&n
cier i" vtaaaaraaraawiTifliTnrTTfH H - u^lwm.
"Is that a good price for the work, Mr.
Greener? I may have to pay out a great
deal," added the young clerk, with a faint
touch of bitterness. * • - - >
Not by bo much as the twinkling of an
.eyq 'did .the. little man betray that he was
Interested in Rock's words, or that the
clerk's meddling with the firm's affairs
was at all out of the ordinary. - >
."Mr. Greener," said the clerk, very ear
nestly, "I should like to try to get them
for you." '
"Yes," he squeaked, absent-mindedly.
"Yes, sir," answered Rock.
"Go ahead, then," said Mr. Greener,
carelessly. "Let, me know next week
how you are getting on." •
An expression .of disappointment came
Into Rock's fa.ee, whereupon Greener
added, "Of course, if you succeed, I'll do
well'- by you."
"What will you do, Mr. Greener?" asked
the clerk, looking straight at him.
"I'll give you," he squeaked, encourag
ingly, " ten thousand .dollars." ¦
"Eh?" squeaked Greener, Innocently.
"I figure that; unless you are doing
something outside this office, you will
need proxies for 60,000 shares more to give
you absolute control and elect your own
board of director* and carry out your
plans in connection with Keokuk and
Northern." .
'Midland was best of all, if It only could
be secured. But of this this shallow-faced
little man with the high forehead and the
shifty eye* -was doubtful.
. He estimated— It had cost him $11,000 to
secure. the necessary data— that Wlllett*
and hi* ellque held 105,000 share*. *o that
there were still 122,000 share* unaccounted
for— probably scattered among small in
vestors throughout the country, who did
not care who managed the road so long
as^ they received pleasant promises of
dividends, and also among- banking houses
and anti-Greener men, who, though they
did not approve of Willetts, disapproved
even more emphatically and vehemently
of Greener and his method*.
If he could not buy the stock itself he
must try to secure proxies.
Ho knew that some of the -trust com
panies held a fair amount of the longed
for stock. He laid siege to them. He
bombarded them with pledges and pTom
lses bo honorable, so sound and business
like, as to pierce the armor of their dis
trust. In the end they actually grew to
believe that they were acting wisely when
they pledged their support to Mr. Greener
and .they agreed to give him their proxies
[whenever he should send for them.
He called his clerk. Rock and told htm:
"Go to the Rural Trust Company and to
the Commercial Loan and Trust Company.
See Mr. Roberts and Mr.. Morgan. They
will give you some Iowa Midland proxies
made out to Frederick Rock or John F.
Greener."
Rock waa a good-looking, quiat chap,
with a very well shaped head and a reso
lute chin. His manners were pleasing. He
had 'a habit of looking one straight In the
eyes, but. did. not always succeed thereby
In conveying an impression of straight
forwardness. But he certainly impressed
one as being' bold and keen.
"Mr. Greener,", said Rock, "you are
carrying 110,000 shares of stock, are you
not?"
"Good morning; Mr. Weddell"
"Good morning-, sir," *ald the basks*
coldly, "I ! must say I'm somewhat sur
prised at the presumption of your people
In sending- you to me."
"Mr. Weddell." said Rock. Tv* left th«
firm of Brown & Greener. They were." he
added, youthfully, "too rascally for me.**
Mr. Weddell's face fro** solid. Ha
feared an application for a position,
"Ye-esT" he said. His voice matched
his face in frigidity.
"Mr. Weddell." said tha yocnx elerk.
looking* straight into the old banker**
eyes, "you. In common with other honest
men, have been wlshlns; you could pre
vent Mr. Greener from wrecking- th« Iowa
Midland. Now, Mr. Weddell," h'e went
on eagerly, a* the enthusiasm of the plaa
grew ut)on him. "I know all about Mr.
Greener's plans and resource* and I want
you to help me fight him. If you do we
win win, sure."
"How will you f o about It 77 asked the
old banker, evasively. He was not cer
tain this was not some trick of the versa*
tile Mr. John F. Greener.
"Mr. Greener." answered young- Rock.
"has not control of the> property. • He baa
only 110,600 shares.. I had access to the
books and I know to a share."
"I don't wish you to betray an employ
er's secrets, even though he may be my
enemy. I do not care to hear any more."
He was an old fashioned banker, was
Mr. Weddell.
"I am not betraying any secrets. Ha
himself said he had over 110,000 shares,
and all the reporters Jumped at the con
clusion that he had actually a controlling
Interest. And that Is what he will have
unless you help me. I have proxies here
for 28.300 shares from the trust companies
and commission houses. . My plan Is to
get all the proxies 1 can from the ahti-
Greener and th© antl-Willetts stockhold
ers. Then we can make Mr. Wllletts give
us pledges in black and white to inaugu
rate the much needed reforms and stop
his policy of extravagance and his costly
traffic arrangements. WiUetts will do It
to save himself and the road from falling
Into Greener's hands. But there"3 no time
to lose, Mr. Weddell," The excitement
of the, game he was playing stimulated
him like- wine. .
"And you?" queried tht. oli banker,
meaning!}'. "Where do you con»e,ra?"
The insinuation was his last, weapon.
"I? It might be, Mr. Weddell, that
of alluring and unauthorised promise*, he
secured 7100 charts; In ail he had 23.3CO
¦hares. This meant that the approaching
annual meeting Mr. Greener could vota
1S3.900 share* out of a possible total of
CO .oca Unless the opposition could unit*
the election was already cure, t» **g» Mr.
Greener** way." . -
From time to time, when the little finan
cier would ask Rock how he wu progreas>
lns, the clerk would tell him he wu do
ing: as well as could be expected. He also
told Mr. Greener that the trust compa
nies had given only 14,000 snares, and h*
¦aid nothing- whatever of the 7100 shares
be had secured from the friendly broker*.
It was a desperate chance, this concealing
from. Mr. Greener how well ho had done;
but the clerk wu bold. '
The moment Rock became convinced
that there were no more pro-Greener
proxies to be had by hook or crook, he
beyejn his attack on the enemy. IDs
problem was to capture the anti-Gre«ner
votes— or stock. ' And the plan of thJL
healthy clerk with the unflinching- *ye«
and the rnolut* chin was worthy of the
sallow- faced little man with the furtive
look and the great forehead.
"It Is a case of heads I win. tails yea
lose," Rock muttered to him self exult»
tag-iy.
The young- man presented himself forth
with at the office of 'Weddall, Hopkins *
Co., prominent banker* and btttar «n«mle*
of John F. Greener and his methods.
They knew Rock as on* of the confidential
clerk* of Brown & Greener, and he had
no difficulty In securing- an audleno* from
Mr. ¦Weddell-
£ / **T"N ROWN," said Mr. John F.
\J Greener, as he turned away
Jft\ from the ticker In the corner,
y~ ) "I wish you would go over to
the board find s«« how the mar
ket 1s for Iowa Mld:ai:<3. Find out how
much stock there Is for sale and who
has it."
"What's up in it?" asked his partner,
curiously.
"'Nothing— yet," was Greener's quiet an
swer.
He was a sallow-faced, black-bearded
little man, slender — almost frail looking- —
with a h:gh but rather narrow forehead.
His eyes were furtive, shifty bits of brovrn
lip-ht. He was thinking, and thinking to
some purpose. Any one. even a stranger,
t-«eir.p him would have known that he was
thinking of something bis— the forehead
was responsible for the impression ; and
ei.--o of something tricky, unscrupulous,
cold-blooded— his eyes were to blama
there. At length his brow cleared. He
muttered, "I most have that road. Then
a consolidation with my JCeokuk and
Northern, and a new system that will
endure as lor.jr r.s the country!"
Brown returned In a half hour and re
ported. There was very little stock for
pale below Ji? a share. The vendible sup
ply increased at 44. and &t 40 inside stoc'i
would come out. It was thus evident
that the greater part of euch stock of the
Iowa Miaiand as the street was "carry-
Ing-" ypecu^atively was not for sale at
men a prir*- as would be regarded in the
l'.jrlit of a gr<=-at bargain by Mr. John F.
Grwr.i r. known to countless "lambs" and
widows avd orphans end brother finan
cifr- a^ the Kap4le£a of the street.
"Any ropporti&S orders?" pip?d Greener.
"Bagley has ©rd«r* to buy 3'-0 shares
every quart* r of a point do*" n uritt! Si is
reached, and then to take 5" j jj share* at
that figure. He got them direct- f.ro:n YVTi
letts himself.**. \V;i!ttts was the president
of ¦*• company.
"Wi'/.ttts." squeaked Greener. "\va= in
Council Bluffs ihia morning. He is to take
p.irt I:i ;i:e ceremonies of unveiling the
«.-.•, t,i»>r«' rcsonunur.:. which begin at 1
c ci.'Ck— that :*, r.ithin twenty minutes,
allowing l)6r difference in time, lie will
b« out of reach of the te:es»ar»h for the
eitornoon."
Blows iaugrhed. "No wonder they are
al:a:d of you."
"Brown." said Greener. s.art t*.e
movement by ceilis* ttjWO shares of Iowa
Miriund. Invide it up air.onp the 1 oys
on the floor. It would be well if the room
were frightened by the selling. It ia more
important for us to get the price down
than to put out short at high figures. I
want that stock down." >(
-If you want that I think you'll get it.
*a:d Brov.-r.. As he wiis poing out Mr.
Greener squeaked after him: "'Keep thtm
pucssing. Brown; keep them guessing."
A few minutes tattr the Iowa Midland
"j,osl" on the floor of the Stock Exchange
was surrounded by a dozen puzzled and
apprehensive but gentlemanly brokers.
And still a few minutes '.ater the same
rpot was a sf-cth:ng whirlpool of maniacal
humanity. And all that caused ihe trans
formation was the fact that Mr. Bro'wn
h&<". been seen whispering to Harry Wil
son, and Harry Wilson hid left him. gone
to the Iowa Midland crowd and sold 1000
shares at 42U a^d 42.
Then Mr. Brown had been seen speaking
iritfl W. G. Csxleton in what struck wit
nesses as beirg a more or less agitated
manner, and later Carleton had sauntered
carelessly over to the Iowa Midland pre
cinct, and. after displaying very grreat in
difference about the world in general, but
rcost particularly about the market for
Iowa Midland, had sold tfOO shares to
Bas'ty. the specialist, at «*i. « 3-S and
Tlr. Brown was now observed to look
about him apprehensively and then b»»Kln
to converse with Frai.k J. Pratt; when—
upon Pratt, as fast as his fat k-gs would
carry him. hastened to "Iowa Midland"
dnd sold T0OO shares at an average price
of <1. The observant eyes had by this
taken on a new expression — of Indecision;
but when they beheld Mr. Brown anxious
ly beckon to his "particular" friend. Dan
Simpson, and saw shrill-voiced Dan rush
like mad into the increasing crowd and
sell 5000 shares of Iowa Midland, appa
rently regardless of price, the observant
eyes ceased to observe Brown. Activity
T.'as tr*nsfeiT«d to their owners' throat?,
as they thought to emulate Simpson and
the rest of the Brown "whisperees."
It was a confident and yet a mystifying
movement. It became more maddeningly
perplexing when certain brokers, believed
to be "close to the inside." also began to
Ft 11 the stock. Everybody started to do
likewise. Arid everybody asked the same
question— "What's the matter?"— and re
ceived an avalanche of answers, all dif
ferent, but ail unfavorable. One man said
it was crop failures, another mentioned
divers kinds of bugs, a third asserted it
was extensive washouts and ruinous land
slides and bankrupting attacks by a So
<inli-t'c Legislature \ and receivership
probabilities.
The boardroom became Iowa Midland
n-ad.. £p»culators often stampede — just
'.Vt.<- ei! it animal.". No stock can w!th
»:«n<l 'heir rush to sell, even though it
fc« "protected" or ."supported" by its
rvr.'vu ators. much Ices a stock like Iowa
Midland, whose market sponsor was out
Cf town &oO rot of reach of the telegraph.
>ii<3 Iowa Midland was going down fast.
Mr. Oncrcr in hip office was looking at
C-e "tape." The sallow-faced little man
l-ermitud himself a slight— a very slight—
emile. The tape showed: "Iowa Mid.,
MM-. 39 : '-*, &%; 500. *i: 300. %: 200. %. H'.
SCO. 2S."
He turned awa-> to summon a clerk, to
wv<onrj hp said: "Mr. Rock, please send for
S.'r. CcoTJAp-e. Make haste."
"Very wdl, Fir."
A portly, v.hlte-waistcoated, white
haire-d man. with enow-white, short
cropped side whiskers, burst unceremoni
ously into the room.
"How do you do. Mr. Ormiston?"
squeaked Greener, cordially.
"Greener," panted the portly man,
"what's the matter with Iowa Midland?"
"How should I know?" in a half-com
plaining, half-petulant squeak.
"Brown started the selling. I saw It my
self. Greener, I did you a good turn once
In Central District Telegraph. I'm long
6000 shares of this Iowa Midland. For
God's Bake, man. If you know any
thing: **
"Mr. Ormlston. all I know is what I
learn from xny confidential reports of the
Corrrlrfct 1SC3. by Edwin Lefevre
THE, SUNDAY CALL.
7
THE MAN WHO WONSomt Idttdjy disposed fellow says that there are good Congressmen. O'
Course there are, but who said so? Can he prove it?
¦ • • • ¦:^- 1 -
Ah. tprins; homo-cleaning time I Will there be more tax dodgers?
Too much money *• like an overdose of "boose" — pleasant while you're
taking it m, but a troublesome load to carry.
Poor Buffalo. But there art other Smart Sett.
"Some unhappy people hare not senie enough to know when they lucre
' Bv&rj thing to make them happy.
,-: • • *:,':;¦¦ :'i( ..- " "¦ ¦•¦* "*" •
Two pugilists met lately to arrange for a fight for the world's charopion>
«Wp, tnd the congress of sports proved a perfect "love feast." The Daugh
ters of the Revolution met to fight for a head, but (ring down the curtain,
Quick, please { the comparison Is too harrowing).
A LITTLE PINK SHOE,
r. .
Ontr a Httl« ptak baby ihoa.
That U stained and wrinkled and torn,
irVlth a tiny hole where the Httla pink too
Peeped out In the days that are gona.
The little pink toe was the "big little pig"
That to market 10 often would go,
'And orer and over the legend was told
As X kissed the little pink toe.
¦Tlggie some more,'* her red lipe would Ex>
\ ";\3 And the story and kiss were given \
- /Again and again, so happy were we
In motherhood's foretaste of heavta.
tut there came a night, with desolate bllgftt.
When death bore my Idol away.
And no little toe ever peeps from the iho%
To be kissed In the tame old way.
-But my tears hare deluged the little pink shoo.
And stained It a deeper stain;
And I. long, for the touch that would still me in death
'• If it gave me my darling again.
80 when I am dead lay the little, pink sho«
Near my heart that Is silent and eold.
And perhaps up above. In the sunlight of lova,
' I shall kiss the pink toe as of old.
The whole world loves a peaceful
man,
Who never will quarrel or bicker,
But the full right of way, permit me
to say,
'Twill give to the 6trenuous kicker.
Scientists tell us that kissing spreads the "grip." What conscnsel A
perfect libel when everybody knows that kissing - tighten* tio -"grifc"
{ Girls, don't eay a word). * z^_*=-y j -wr .
* '
The whole world loves a modest man,
Whether he's great or Email,
But gives its plunks in great big
chunks
To the fellow with piles of galL
The whole world loves the silent
man.
Who's quiet all day as the owls —
It's absorbing attention, permit me
to mention.
Twill give to the fellow who
howls
A man who thinks he is marrying an angxl often wakes up to find that
be hain't
* ? *
A man's courage is written on his face when his wife "sasscs" him back,
* • •
Moralists who shout too loud need watching.
* » *
Z=? ¦¦ V-^J " S>TT h toraetlm** better to walk off with jovur <flfn!t7 u>
iKJrS^rafMTJ ti:aa to lUn< * t0 ° * on * °°
j^>>l ZJiJpi Jn The jaw-bone of an ass don't seem to har» ever goat
jjSjjgqsgffilg Many people think themselves star performer* whW
iIuJ1>*^>Buua they ar« only mlierable scene shifters.
".'¦?¦'- ¦¦¦-.•>.'-; •vi 1
The church has its ttsea, Yon can always ffaugo the generosity of jrout
best friend's husband by her Christmas furs and her Easter display.
If the shadow of Success comes your way welcome it as if it were the real
cabstanca.
The stomach, the heart and the mind each crave a different diet, and what
srCl feed the one wQl starve the other.
The fox u sometimes stronger than either the boll or tha bear.
After matrimony tha face in the honeymoon may be either a heart's do-
Egixt or aa aggravating Nemesis.
It's strange that the rcrj things that we long for most ardently lost
exech of their value with possession,
• * *
Still water runs deep and silent, but still whisky is apt to run shallow and
cckc i*** 1 awful fuss.
It's a wise automobile who takes out a life insurance policy.
• • • •
A politician never knows what a fool he has made of himself until ht
runs for office. /
• ? . *
If you trust your friends you ought to canonixe yov enemies.
;/" • " ? •
People who don't amount to much furnish proof every time they open
their mouths.
. The valuable law to be derived from this interesting experiment in the
matrimonial laboratory; is that- while it takes two to make a bargain It is
usually the other one who enforces" it. and also that the fragility of weaker
vessels is often the. best- kind; of protection.
..(Copyright, 1903, by Albert Britt.)
. It was hard at first, but the. habit of matrimony grows with what it
feeds on, and as he "grew older and tougher Samson became able to even
pity th£- few men whose wives let them run wild unchaperoned and un
chained. 7 -'At last^ accounts he was willing to testify that even the matri
monial muzzle had its advantages. The man who spends the most of hia
time under; his wife's thumb always knows where he is at anv rate.
R. SAMSON T. JONES was Ion* on ideas for the-sub
jugation of women. That is to say, he was unmarried.
You never catch a married man, -unless- he haooens to be
a professional humorist, offering the world any thoughts
on the subject of the predominance of the male bird in
the conjugal coop: He knows. better. It's only the bach
elors who fail to see the joke in the word "obey" in the
marriage! service. But Samson, being unmarried, believed
that man was the natural ruler in affairs domestic; and a ruler he is if
being kept straight for sixteen hours out of the twenty-four has anything to
do with the production of that useful instrument
His idea of the proper adjustment of the matrimonial relation was based
upon the theory that the hand that corrals the shekels is the hand that
rules the world. According to him the male portion of the establishment
should spend the day in thawing out selected ' portions of the • cold, cold
world, while the female contingent should sit quietly at home keeping ooo
eye on the cradle and putting the socks and other equipment of the afore
said male contingent in the dry. dock for repairs and general overhauling. II
he should succeed in getting the landing net under some choice Delilah ha
confidently expected that she would sit at his feet and soak up the words of
wisdom that would exude from his intellectual pores.
The verdict of William the Recent that the activity of woman should b«
confined to the four "ks" of cooking, clothing, children and church suited
him' down to the ground and as far up as he extended- It had never oc
curred to him that William-was more or Jess married himself and really meant
dubs, capital, clothes and calling. Being only a man Samson never
thought that any sensible woman could have a higher aim in life than to fol
low him around with a needle and thread looking for loose buttons, or meelc
ly making a graphic chart of his appetite in OTder, to give the cook her run
ning orders.
At last the day came that comes to most men who are not deaf, dumb
and blind or marooned on a desert island, and he paraded proudly down the
church aisle, accompanied by a bunch of orange blossoms and a long whita
veil inhabited by Mrs. Delilah Jones, nee Robinson. At that stage of tho
game he firmly believed that the nee was an abbreviation of ne plus ultra;
later on he wavered between needy and nefarious. Mrs. Delilah .was fair.
flushed and fascinating, and Samson congratulated himself on having landed
a fish that seemed likely to, make so little objection fo the boat or the fisher
man. v He fondly but foolishly imagined that it was the bait that had done
the business for her. Being only a man, as has been intimated several
times, he never knew until she told him that Delilah was really the fisher
man and that he was the one .who had been landed by hook or by crook.
His sensitive feelings received cruel shock number one when he returned
with Mrs. Delilah from a protracted .visit to the honeymoon and the wife of
his bosom proceeded to lay violent hands on the furniture and fixtures.
wall paper, bric-a-brac and other impediments which he had inflicted on the
flat of his choice. He was informed in honeyed accents that the chairs
would have been quite in their element as part of the equipment of a physical
culture institute,; while the wall' paper was redolent of suggestions of the al
coholic ward. Being new to the matrimonial business, he gasped one or .two
long-distance gasps and then sat down heavily to call the roll of his points
of masculine superiority to see how many of them should be reported as
killed,-)wounded or missing in the engagements. Then he was gently but
firmly 'allowed to discover that he could not have hit upon a more undesir
able location for ; housekeeping in the whol.e city if he had been blind and a
paralytic to boot Furthermore. Mrs. Delilah had never cared for a flat;
nothing less than a ten-room cottage with a yard and a barn and carriage
house' on the 'side would square with her ideas of domestic bliss.
Thisvwas -only the beginning. As she warmed to her work Mrs. Deli
lah proceeded to .lay down a plan of operation for her lord and master that
bore about as much resemblance to his own carefully conceived scheme as a
wheelbarrow to an eighteen horsepower automobile. In Salmon's luxu
riously furnished mind mea always kept a half-Nelson on the^ family purse
and air vouchers -were carefully audited by the male person, Lnder the nevr
regime poor Samson discovered that all he had to do was to pass over his lit
tle yellow envelope with its contents intact every Saturday night and Mrs.
Delilah would do the rest. Barring a rebate of $3 75 for car fare and lunch
there was nothing more to it for Samson. Also he discovered that the riot
ous friends of his sinful youth were distinctly persona non grata to Mrs. De
lilah and that the' presence of tobacco smoke in the window curtains consti
tuted a compound fracture of the laws of domestic, harmony.
* All these* things and many more were impressed upon Samson in the
opening months wherein he; had fully expected to demonstrate his masculine
superiority. He learned that the man who spends coin of the realm for
club f iues when there are new bonnets in the market is beneath the contempt
of all self-respecting citizens. He learned also that there i3 no place in the
married man's section of the hereafter for the sturdy oak who is seen on the
street unaccompanied by his vine after 9 o'clock at night.
BEFORE AND AFTER
MATRIMONY
FABLE for the FOOLISH
I ..was beginning to take an interest in Jim,- so Lbrought him into the
office and ; set him to copyirfg circular letters.' We used to send out a raft
of them to the trade. That was just before the general adoption of ! - type
writers, when they were in the experimental stage. - But Jim hadn't -been in
the office plugging-away at the letters a month' before; he, had "the writer's
cramp and began nosing around again. The first thing I ; knew he was sick
ing the agents for the new typewriting machine^ on to me, and he Wept them
pounding away;untjl they made me give them a trial. Then it. was all up
with Mister Jim's" job againl I raised his salary withouthis asking for it
this time, and*put him out on the. road to introduce a new product we were
making— beef extract. .
Jim made; two trips without selling .enough, to keep - them working"
overtime at the factory, and; then' he came into my .office with a long story
about how we were doing it all wrong. * Said, we ought to .'go for the con
sumer by advertising,- and make: the. trade cometo us instead of chasing
it up. - . .. ' ' '
That was so.like Jim that^I -just laughed at him at first; besides that
sort of advertising was; a pretty new thing then, and I was one -of .the > old
timers who didn't take any stock in it- But.Jim just kept '.plugging away
at me, betweenthe trips," and' finally; I took -him" off: the road and told him
to go ahead and try it in a small «way..'X ' . ' • -V",v ;
m -/:\ Jim pretty nearly scared me to death that first year. At last he had got
into something that he took an interest in— spending money— and he just
fairly wallowed in it. Used to layjawake'nights'thinking up ; new ways of
getting rid of the old man's profits/And he^found.them.- Seemed' as if I
couldn't :< get away from Graham's V Extract, and whenever I savr, it I gagged,
for I knew it wascostine me money that; wasn't .back: "but -every
time restarted. to draw • in, mv horns Jim talked to me and showed me where
there, was a fortune Awaiting for me- just around, the corner. "~
Graham's Extract . started out'. by" being something that you could make
beef tea out of— that was all. But.before.Jimihad.been fooling .withHt for.
a month he had got his'girl to think.up a hundred different ways in which it
could'be used, and had advertised them all. It seemed there ; was 'nothing
you could cook that didn't need a dash of it He kept -me between a chill
and a sweat i all the , time. / Sometimes, but ', not often, '. I just ; had . to .grin at
his foolishness. I remember , one ' picture* he got out : showing ; sixteen cows
standing : between something ; that ; looked like a letter-press, and tellinjj how
. every pound or so of Graham's Extract ; contained / the . juice , squeezed from
a herd ; of steers. If an explorer started for- the north pole Jim would send
him a case of Extract and then advertise that it was the great heat-maker
for cold climates: and if another fellow, started ; across Africa He sent "him a
case, too, and advertised what a. bully/drink itjwas served up with a little ice.
~ r He broke out in a new place every -day,; and every time ¦ he . broke out
it ; cost the^ house money. Finally, 1 I made ; up my mind to swallow the loss,
and Mister Jim wasabout to lose;his' job sure enough: when orders for Ex
tract began to look Tup,' and he' gotia ! reprieve; then he began to make ex
penses,*- and hefgot \ a . pardon ; and finally a 1 rush" came" that left him ; high and
dry- in a permanent; place.
Jim was all right, in his way, but it was a new way, and I hadn't been
broad-gauged enough , to ' see that ¦ it was a better way.
That ¦ was Vwhere : I [ caught • the ' connection : between - a • college education
and business. I've always made it a rule -to -buy; brains and; I've" learned
now that ; the better , trained they, are i the 1 faster \ they find reasons for getting
their : salaries ; raised. .; The fellow ; who i hasn't hadv the ? training ) may i be ' just
as smart.'but'he's; apt to pawthe air, when he's breaching '¦> for; ideas-
From ,"L«tter« From^a- Belf-Made llorchant to His Son," by Georga Horace Lari
mer. By permission of Email, Maynara & Co., PTjJdJsberB, Boston, Mass.
I thought that would settle Jim and let me out. for it's no joke lug
ging beef or rolling barrels and tierces a hundred, yards or so to the car*.
But Jim came right back at me with: "Done. Who'll I Teport to?"
That sporty way of answering, as if dosing a bet, made me surer than
ever that he was not cut out for a butcher. But I told him. and off he start
ed hot-foot to find the foreman. I sent word by another route to see that he
got plenty to do.
I forgot all about Jim until, about three months later, when his name was
handed up to me for a new place and a raise in pay. It seemed he had sort
of abolished his job. After he had been - rolling barrels awhile, and the
sport had ground down one of his shoulders a couple of inches lower than
the other, he got to scheming around for a way to make the work easier,
and he hit on an idea for a sort of overhead railroad system, -by which the
barrels could be swung out of the storerooms and run right along into the
cars, and two or three men do the work of a gang. It was just as I thought
Jim was lazy, but he had put the house in the .way xtl saving so much money
that I couldn't fire him. So I raised his salary and made him assistant
timekeeper and checker.
Jim kept at this for three or four months until his feet began to hurt
him, I guess, and then he was out of a job again. It seems he had heard
something of a new machine for ¦ registering" the nien, that did away with
most of the timekeepers, except the fellows who watched the machines, and
he kept after the superintendent until he got him to put them in. Of
course he claimed a raise dgain for effecting such a saving, and we just had
to allow &flBH fifiH
Finally, after about a month of this, he wore me down so that I stopped
him one day as he was passing me on the street I thought I'd find out if
he really was so red-hot to work as he pretended to be; besides, I felt that
perhaps I hadn't treated the boy just right, as I had delivered quite a jag
of that wheat to his father myself.
"Hullo, Jim." I called; "do you still want that job?"
"Yes, sir," he answered, quick as lightning.
"Well, I'll tell you how it is, Jim," I said, looking up^o him— he was
one of those husky, lazy-moving six-footers— "I don't see any chance in
the office, but I understand they can use another good, strong man in one
of the loading gangs."
r>— -^ — ; —^T^fl HE first college man I ever hired was old John Durham's
Ir^^y p^fs son * im * ' rhat was a good manv vcars aK °- wlien the
ll'* \lf I Tjt ; B kouse was a raucn smaller affair. .Jim's father had a lot
I |r>~^ °* mone y till he started out to buck the universe and cor-
I fvfiLVj 1 ner wncat - •^ n(^ tne b° y to °k a^ l^ e fancy courses and
V trirnmincs at college. The old man was mijjhty proud of
Ub jfriiimtL^Ji Jim. Wanted him to be a literary fellow. But old Dur
ham found out what every one learns who Rets his ambi
tion mixed up with number two red— that there's a heap of it lying around
loose in the country. The bears did quick work and kept the cash wheat
coming in so lively that one selling day half a dozen of us had to Ret under
the market to keep it from coiner to everlasting smash.
That day made young Jim a candidate for a job. It didn't take him
long to decide that the Lord would attend to keeping up the visible supply
of poetry, and that he had better turn his attention to the stocks of mess
pork. Next morning he was laying for me with a letter of introduction
when I got to the office, and when he found that I wouldn't have a private
secretary at any price he applied for every other position on the premise*
right down to office boy. I told him I was sorry, but "couldn't do any
thing for him then; that we were letting men go, but I'd keep him in mind,
and so on. The fact was I didn't think a fellow with Jim's training would
be much good, anyhow. But Jim hung on — said he'd taken a fancy for the
house and wanted to work for it. Used to call by, about twice a week to
find out if anything had turned up.
TRICKS OF MODERN
ADVERTISING
WORTH COOL MILLION
THE StTlTDAT OAtt.
8
ME-OWS OF A KITTY
' Yes Indeed
S, eyerybodj
: is laughing
' at th,s cats
' that appear
>;«XX^thiS-
'S page as
' well as at "
th« wit
and .wisdom
of the "Me-
ows" them-
¦elTMk
One of old
John
"Gorgon" '
Graham's
letters
to his son,
which, ha v«
made this
series
the talk of
thewholt-
• ¦
wocrld.Sunday Call
Woman And Children's Sectionyou : leave • undone." In plain words you
may give her no cause for annoyance,
yet on the , other hand give her " no par-
Those who are afflicted with the need
of / an appetizer in th o 'nature ; of a , stroll
before lunch and who invariably develop
a severe case of Indigestion afterward are
little short of pests,;, and the best way
to 'cure them permanently is to accident
ally on purpose forget them once or twice
and then sit back and quietly watch the
miracle -that is' almost certain to be
wrought. It's better than all the patent
medicines in the land and even the powers
ticular reason for being well pleased with
you. 5
It is such a small thing to see that
water is , needed and . cheerfully, volun
teer to get it before some one is asked.
Every man is always willing and ready
to help, but he hasn't the same knack of
seeing 'and' doing little things that a wo
man has and you will find out that it is
the little, things of life that really. count.
What if it is several ; blocks distant*
and you are on the ragged edge of starva
tion. Water , there, must be. and the
sooner it is over the flre the sooner you
will get your coffee and what goes with
it, so' you see it really, is the shortest way
out of It in tho long run. • . '.[¦¦ "•
No hostess expects her guests to do
anything that could He called work, but
there is often more to be done than one
pair of hands can do and do well, and a
little >. timely- assistance will win her ever
lasting gratltudel She agrees most heart
ily with the woman who said: fit Isn't
the things you '. do, . dear, it's the things :
her fathers good right arm and all
charged to the account of foolishness, too.
The shirk is a perfect abomination and
a very short-sighted one at that. If she
could see to the end of her nose it would
take her comparatively little time to find
out that the eaylng about "a cheerful
giver" isn't as much a Joke as it might
be and that a little time and labor axe
often a wise investment, paying a high
rate of interest. *'\ •¦./..,.
Senator Hoar of Massachusetts says
that the highest compliment he ever re
ceived was the remark made by a Jury
man many years ago. Mr. Hoar was at
torney in a case tried before twelve good
men and true in a Massachusetts court.
After the verdict had been returned one
of the Jurymen gave this as his reason for
voting as he did: "Squire Hoar told us
that it was right and just."
The coaching girl who would be popular,
sot only among her friends, but among
Of course, it goes without saying that
the "getting away" from trouble is
not Ao be one of the rattling "good
times" .offered by a woman with a v
variegated past, or by ruch a man either,
for that matter, for that would only make
the troublous kettle boil harder and more
furiously than ever; but Instead it does
mean a day *cf simple, unaffected pleas
tire, such a day as a coach and four af
ford one. .
Fortunately for us all, the good, old
fashioned virtue of hospitality has not
entirely given way to the artificial greet
ing generally accorded the locust horde
that 6wanns about, devouring anything
and everything in eight, and 'managing
In a few short years to get away with a
king's ransom.
But instead with our friends there's the
Jolly "hail fellow, well met" welcome, the
one that cays "Let's hie ourselves to the
country and forget the tribulations of this
vale of tears. Let's eat, drink and be
merry, for to-morrow we die."
A woman. Just because rhe is a woman,
cannot frequent public places and chat
Fociably with her friends as a man may,
but. being human, and very muchly so
at that, Ehe simply must associate with
other human beings, end co, quite as a
matter of course. Ehe gathers her friends
about her for a frolic or trips gayly away
when they nod and beckon, leaving the
neighbors to look wise and shrug their
shoulders. _ '
DO>TT you perfectly detest the
woman who sits up. folds her
hands piously and tnuttera signifi
cantly with her weather eye on
her neighbor's house, "The wife
that rxpects to have a good name is al
vays at hame as if Ehe were lame?" \
It's jErch absolute tommyrot, and as a
rule twe saintly one is anywhere from 90
In a very dark corner to IP? in a bright
light and hpj 6oul is filled with an un
lit ly an aunt of envy, hatred, malice and
all untharitableness. - '
Staying at home "like the cat and the
chimney" might be all well enough and
good for toothless, rheumatic old ladies
— bless their souls— but it most "certainly
doesn't apply to the merry young matron
who persists in getting as much fun out
of life as she possibly can.
And. pray tell, why on earth shouldn't
the enjoy herself? What possible good
would it do for her to stay at home with
her knitting from the cradle to the grave?
Not one whit, for from the day one there
has been more or less malicious gossip
ing ar.d the good work will flourish and
grow amazing strong until the final crack
of doom, and then ten to one the last
gasp will be to the tune of the merry an
vil chorus.
As soon as ; the destination is reached
and there Is the weest. smallest loophole
of escape, on* they go by themselves and
sit and. make sheep's eyes at each other
until lunch Is served and even then they
manage to keep exclusively apart.
Don't be that girl. It's' -woefully silly
and Isn't even decently polite to your
hostess and fap.r friends. Besides the re
ward is not alluring. Air slighting, re
marks, made even in Jest, are duly reg
istered against a girl's fair name and the
first thing she knows she will have a
string of deeds to account for longer than
Wherever you may chance to go you'll
be pretty sure to find a Miss Tier and
a close-by Mr. Him badly smitten with
a malignant case of puppy love.
If there's the least ghost of a show
they make a grand rush for the back seat
and they try to appear perfectly uncon
cerned. Generally they succeed most ad
mirably in' being an- excellent sample of
foolishness. Of course there really Isn't
any good and sufficient reason for those
In the front seats making themselves un
comfortable by twisting and breaking
their necks to look around, and anyhow
it is the most- natural .thing In the world
to look straight ahead.* So it comes to
pass that a considerable amount of spoon
ing Is carried on right under the. chap
eron's very nose.
Don't, whatever else you do, think it is
your bounden duty to stop all proceedings
and get out and walk every time you
come to a grade. It is a positive Insult,
and is always considered as such by the
driver, and no matter how skillfully you
may manage It, never falls to be a sharp
end prickly thorn that takes time to heal.
No man. or woman either, likes to be
thought incompetent, and if there is one
thing on the face of the green globe that
people pride themselves In, it la in being
a crack whip.
Get into the place assigned you quickly
and without any mutter-Ings, for delays
of any nature are always embarrassing
and are avoided by a careful hostess as
a deadly pest Long since ehe discovered
that a day well begun was almost always
a day well finished, and she has a per
fect right to expect her guests to assist
in this matter.
Remember that the front seat with (he
ribbon handler Is the seal of honor, and
that it is the worst possible taste to
scramble Into it on any and all occasions.
Never be greedy, for It Is not a paying
proposition, tflthough for the time being
may appear so.
her casual acquaintances as well, should
know that # the ability to be sweet and
cheerful under the most trying circum
stances Is the keynote to succesa, and that
selfishness will not aid nor abet her
thin* la get It out of slgnt and oat of
mind at- the same time. Even if the pill
Is bitter, it is far better to swallow It
gracefully and. insist on making others
forget your vexations, for they always
grieve those whom they do not annoy.
There la Just one other don't that the
coaching girl should take particular care
to avoid, and that is not to keep others
waitlnc- Such a fault is bad enough at
any time, and will have to account for
more than one ruined temper, but it is
almost beyond the pale of forgiveness
when restless horses are a part of the
paraphernalia.
If you would measure your friends by
the bushel, you must make up your mind
to present a smiling countenance and
take precious good care that it is present
ed on the stroke of the hour, for, unfor
tunately, punctuality is not one of wo
man's virtues, and when she has ap
propriated It for her very own she 13
possessed with that which a houseful of
golden shekels couldn't buy.
There is another girl who makes an en
viable name ¦ for herself, and she is the
philosophical one, who takes life exactly
as she flnds'it. Trouble never troubles her
for the simple* reason that she makes It
a rule ' to be out when it. calls. "What
would drive* some girls to the ragged edge
of despair falls to ruffle her in the least,
for. she argues "what's' the user*
"And. after all. what is the useT If a
pie lands fairly and squarely in the mid
dle of your brand new skirt, it doesn't
do the least particle of good to t*»r your
hair- and call on the gods for revenge.
The pie is there, and the only sensible
If you are such a girl, you are to b«
pitied above all. things, but do for heav
en's sakeljtay at home and conceal your
affliction or fight against it with the full
power of your will and overcome it. For
however ; unkind it may sound, your
friends consider your terror in the light
of silly nonsense, and sooner or later will
regard you as a tiresome, hopeless bore.
It's but human nature to pass over the
if factions of others lightly, and even con
temptuously, but when the same thing is
brought home in ~ full force it is a tons
to Quite another tune.
And, besides, it isn't fashionable to have
nerves nowadays. The girl who apparent
ly is ¦ made of iron, ' who can be turned
out <head over heels and not so much as
whimper,' la the one who comes In first
at -the post, with 'flying colors. 6he # ».a
"mighty good fellow, almost . as good as
a man,'' and there isn't a day of the week
that does not find her besieged with In
vitations for .this, that and the other
thing.. .' -"¦
Coaches, while they ar« tremendously
¦mart to look upon, are the most awk
ward things In the world to get In and
out of. Now It may be all very fit and
fine to have a code In Independence and to
be able to take care of yourself, but it
Isn't open and above board of you to
catch your heel and set a nasty tumble.
For a mere whim or a stubborn notion
you may succeed splendidly In ruining tbo
entire day's pleasure, as well as running
the chance of mutilating your own beauty.
Of all trying- girls the one who is etern
ally and forever afraid of all tilings takes
the bun. She doesn't enjoy the ride her
¦elf and in her utter selfishness won't al
low (.ny one else to. If a horse shies a
fraction of an inch she is beside herself
with - fear and clutches frantically at
•very one within her reach, and when it
comes to passing a team on a grade she
Is absolutely too Impossible for words.
She beg plteously to get out and then
makes herself the laughing stock of the
party by clambering up the hillside at
Xuli speed. ¦
of new thought go way back and «it
flo-pf n, for It U warranted to care while
you wait. ••_.
THE fiVJsDAY CALL.
10
Etiquette of the
Coaching Party
r-oi* the Form and Complexion.
_*l^-r*v_ Has been succesa-
vC&aVhjL fu;ly use(1 b ' i*»j-
££&£? &P* ln < actresses. slnj-
mS3( *£f * rt * n( * women of
£ ra?C3 (v<*i fashion for cajr*
Kar •• \T**jj xt*n 23 years.
F?3 "^ I Wherever 'applied
\*5 *¦¦*/ It la Instantly «r>-
*V^ aorbed through th*
8 ¦ pores of tb* skin.
i and Its wonderful
. A? \ nutrition fe«*is th*
f ' \^ waatlns tissues. |
[ ri/^ s \I^ BEMOV1WO
'V*»'MU«s . 9 As If by masie. ec*
' **& 7*Tv> Ml *PPUc»tioa •ftm
**«ClTv*/{*/ showln* a remark*
**-^m abU Improvement.
OR. CHARLES FLESH FOOD la positively
tite only preparation known to medical acienc*
that will round out hollows in the neck and
produce firm, healthy flesn on thin cheek j.
arms and hanua.
ros DEVELOPiuro tet bust
Or breasts shrunken from nursing- It has th*
highest Indorsement of physicians. Two boxes
ar* often sufficient to make Uj* .boat firm,
large «nd b«autiful.
SOLD BY THE EMPORIUM AND OTHSIX
DKPABTMENT STORES AND DRUGGISTS.
Regular prlee. $1.CO a box. but. to all who J
taks advantar* of this SPECIAL- OjTCR m «©.
send us on*, dollar w» will send two <2> boxv.^
In plain wrapper. .
FDPR-* *arapl» box and our book.
K EILj -ART OF MASSAGE." folly Illus-
trated, will be sent free to any lady sending
10 cents to pay for 'coat of mailing. Addreaa
SB. CHAELES CO, 13 P»ri Pitas. Krw T.ri.
DR. CHARLES FLESH FOOD
ADVEBTISEMEUTS.Another swell ona Is made of chln
rhilla. Just a plain, wee bit of a cap«
irtth long floating ends to give length,
jut tha smartness comes from tha lace
;hat peeps out at every opportunity. All
iround the cape it circles and then rlp
>les in - great cascades down the front,
where it is lost In the billows about tha
feet.
For those who affect black there Is the
Persian lamb and tha mora expensive
:>road tall, and when they are well cut
:hey are a source of perfect satisfaction.
CVbile they axe sweet and dainty, there
.s no retting away from the fact that
;rmlne, squirrel and chinchilla soil easily
uid frequently . color a peculiar yellow,
which means frequent trips to tha fur
rier, but fortunately little expense; but
the lamb is Just as good and as fresh
at tha end of a winter as It was in the
beginning, and where the art of economy
must be studied Is a far more satisfac
tory fur to buy. • •
But after all sable Is the fur of furs
and is' the only one Jo wear if you have
a long, golden-lined pocketbook. other
wise don't raise your hopes above seal.
A tiny boa. ihat would be considered
skimpy and miserably mean in anything
else, runs into the hundreds of dollars,
and a coat of ordinary length and make
costs well into the thousands. But it is
worth every dollar if the price is not a
necessary and annoying consideration.
The warm browns, blending from one
shade to another, the exquisite texture
and Its wonderful pliability make It one of
the most becoming furs that can ever be
worn.
And there is no danger whatever of its
getting common.* Well, rather not. Where
one In a hundred can* afford seal, one in
a thousand can buy sable, and then more
than likely but a collar and cuffs.
One of the most attractive sable novel
ties is patterned from your great grand
mother's cape, the only exception being
in the collar and tail trimmings. In cut
it is severely plain and rather tight fit
ting about the shoulders, coming about
to the elbow In length, and having the
stole effect in front. In itself it would be
rare because of the fur, but all about It,
tumbling here and there are a multitude
of tails that make It a stunning gar
ment to be worn ; only by a superbly
gowned woman. ' j
Last . winter was decidedly and em-
Ywrsal demand for them. 'In an ooncslv- ;
able furs. In svery possible oolor and In <
all shape* you may find them, and at
almost any price, too, so there really Is :
not a shadow of an excuse for not own- :
Ing one, especially as no chlo costume ,
seems quite complete without its finish*^;
Ing touches. :^
Squirrel is a light, pretty fur for even
ing wear, particularly when its only use
Is to add piquancy. An especially fetch-
Ing stole is fashioned somewhat like an
old fashioned collar, broad and fitted in
ths back, tapering enough, to tha front
to bs gathered Jnto a bright silver clasp
with a fall of soft, yellow lace, and then
widening to some eight or ten Inches and
facing gracefully to tha bottom of tha
skirt; : ' v .'•>< :¦%--
phatically a white one. Bv»rythlng--ftrt>cx,
coat and hat— ell expressed tha same
tone, but this fall fickla Dams Fashion
has veered about and shown a preference
for soft pinks, baby blue* and dellcata
greens. Instead of the white coat she
,has set her mind and heart on Jackets,
blouses and whatnots of soft, light furs,
and the girl who Is lortunate enough to
possess such a garment finds herself
thrice blessed.
Of all squirrel Is about the cheapest and
the' most effective. Tha soft Russian
blouse, belted with a bit of satin rlbboa
and clasped with a. jeweled buckle, is far
more suitable for all occasions than Is
the white broadcloth. In the afternoon
it Is much less conspicuous; although not
less handsome; it Is Infinitely mor» appro
priate with a silk dinner gown, and to all
intents and purposes answers quit* as
well In the late evening.
The girl who wants a blouse entirely for
evening wear can change its appearanos
radically by adding broad revers as4 wida
cuffs of ermine, but as soon as the fur of
royalty is added it is the worst possible
taste to don it beforo 8 o'clock.
Seal always has been and probably at*
ways will be a wonderfully popular fur
on account of its great* durability and its
delightful softness, and besides, it is not
the most expensive by any manner of
means. A staple Jacket, such as is worn
year in and year out. can always bo re
lied upon, and when it rubs and looks
worn it can be made over and over and
will look fresh and new for years.
Finally, when It gets utterly hopeless. It
can be • shipped to London and re-dyed
and there you are again as fit and as fins
as a daisy.
. Pointed* Russian sable Is somewhat of a
novelty, but such an elegant one that
there will never be the slightest danger
cf its ever going out. It is a blended fur
and the tiny white hairs that dot It so
thickly are all put In by hand. Fancy the
time, the labor and the great patience It
tak*es. Hour by hour, month by month
and year in and year out the Russian
peasants sit and stolidly cater to an ldla
whim of capricious women.
Fur fashions are more or less Influenced
by the prevailing. cut of the day and now
and then you may see a swell afternoon
coat of Persian lamb and trimmed with
a contrasting fur, built on the military
effect. ¦ . .- *;
It Is long and graceful, generally belted
in, although not always, with a bit of
black silk elastic that holds the waist Una
firmly In place.
And, by the way, elastic Is an entirely
new wrinkle. The new buckles that fit
into the curvo of the back are responsible
for it, in a measure, although if you eve;
tried to match fur, especially after It has
been worn a little and changed lta color,
you would appreciate what a blessing la
disguise It really Is. It comes in almost
any width, but generally about three
quarters of an inch is best liked; it fits
snugly and gives a good curve to tha
waist that is often difficult to get In
heavy fur garments and it always af
fords a decided and good contrast.
It goes without saying that boas of
every description are always la demand
and they possess the happy knack of
dressing up a plain tailor suit and making
one feel most comfortable. The great
bear ones, both black and brown, are a
splendid Investment as a good drenching
and a vigorous beating only seem* to do
them good. From early morning until
lato at night, and with all manner of
gowns, they aro appropriate, smart and
warm and they never look as through they
had been a part of your wardrobe a
century ago.
This Is to be a fur winter, and •m&mSaily
of the light ones, and have them you
must or be most wofully behind the times.
Bo, mlladl, be absolutely reckless in trim
ming a hat or even a gown, for no
matter how it Is dona, ther* la no
possibility of making a mistake, and therv
la every probability of looking mn"h bot»
ter gowned than your next door neighbor.
THE SUNDAY CAM*
FTTR3 are an absolute necessity
these days, that is. If you would pet
tern after la belle France. Not for
the actual warmth, for is this cli
mate they are more of & luxury
than anything else, but for the stunning
effects and the natty touch that they In
variably lend.
The first cloudy day of early fall makes
the smartest of summer frocks look
shabby and it is straightway uppermost
In the mind of every woman who takes
the slightest Interest in being well gown
ed to freshen and brighten up her rusty
wardrobe and make it last until the win
ter styles are fairly fashioned.
If she be wise she will naturally turn
to fur, for it is not only wonderfully be
coming and suitable, but it possesses the
happy faculty of toning down crudities
better than anything else, and reaJly
when you stop to consider all things is
not more expensive than a host of fragile,
perishable frills and furbelows.
J. pood bit of fur. whether It is a boa, a
stole or a Jacket, Is good as long as it
lasts and there Is never any sham abput
it, but instead an air of stapleness that
is most comforting and cheering. It is
like lace, always a good investment, for
in the long run it will pay for Itself.
Of course, novelties— and they are more
of a fad than ever this year— are more or
less an extravagance. la the first place,
they are always certain to cost more and
are a something to rejoice exceedingly
over to-day and to ehed briny tears over
to-morrow. It matters not on* whit how
valuable or how rare they may be. all
extremes are bound to look queer and old
fashioned after they have passed utterly
from vogue. But, nevertheless, they are
11
CM most tfltssnxBt, th» moat foctnafiny of
an issnjrtatioM.
Thar* ni a time, and not rer/ far dis
tant, ' either, when the combination of
fur and lac* on ' an evening sown wu
considered unique and distinctly faddy,
but It Is tho sudden rage of the hour, in
fact, the correct thing to wear a soft,
flimsy, billowy frock and In place of the
all-enveloping cloak, to throw an ermine
cap« about the shoulders and to ride gayly
off to dinner so equipped.
Certainly warmth Is not even dreamed
of, for the white silk cord and tassels
that fasten the cape together are but a
pretty pretext, and the arms and neck
are left almost bare. But there Is a look
about the soft, resral fur that no tailor,
no matter how clever, could ever hope to
rival, and milady rolls away In a state
of exultation and trusts that her prido
will keep her snug and rosy.
In her lap, tucked under her chin . or
waving- In the air is a great, oval muff
. and she ~ deliberately uses It In fifty co
quettish ways, never keeping it quite long
enough to derive any reai benefit, but al
ways flirting outrageously with it for ail
the world as the little Jap Jappy does'
with her fan. • ' \
In fact, the .fascinating muff has taken
the place of the fan to a great extent.
In the afternoon it is there, at dinner it
Is still In evidence and during the dance
it is more than likely to bob up serenely
every now and then, although, to b« sure,
it is more of a plaything than anything
else. Yet never before in the history of
tnutta has there been such a ereat. uni-
THE
SMARTEST
OF THE
SMART IN
FURIn this way the big, bluffing engineer
gradually worked Delaroo Into all the se
cret benevolent orders In Medicine Bend
that meant pretty much every one on
earth. ; There arose always, however. In
connection with the Initiations of Delaroo
one hitch; he never seemed quite, to know
whom he wanted to leave his insurance
of their time, dodging first-class trains;
and evening* when they got in from their
runs Delaroo, having nowhere to go, used
to wander, alter supper, to Sampson's.
At Sampson's he would sit In the shade
of the lamp and smoke, while Maje, In his
shirtsleeves, held forth on the benevolent
orders, and one boy crawled through the
bowels of the organ and another pulled
off the table-c|oth— Delaroo always sav
ing the lamp— and a third harassed the
dog, and a fourth stuck pins in a fifth—
and Martie, sitting on the dim side of the
shade, so the operation would not appear
too glaring, mended at Maje's mammoth
trousers. . . »-*'.]'.'
Delaroo would sit and listen to Maje
and watch the heave of the organ with
the boy, and the current of the table
cloth with the lamp, and the quarter in
which the dog was chewing the baby, and
watch Martie's perpetual motion fingers
for a whole evening, and go back to the
boarding-houso without passing a word
with anybody en earth, he was that si
lent
Had he no relations back in the moun
tains? Nobody up in th» Spider country?
No wives or daughters or fathers or
mothers or friends or anything? Delaroo
always shook his head. If they persisted
he shook his head. Maje Sampson, sitting
after supper, would ask. and Martie. when
the dishes were sidetracked, would begin
to sew and listen, and Delaroo, of course,
would listen, but never x>y any chance
would he answer; not even when Maje
tried to explain how it bore on 18 to 1.
He declined to discuss any ratio or to
name any beneficiary whatsoever. The
right honorable recording secretaries
fumed and denounced It as irregular, and
Maje Sampson wore holes in his elbowa
gesticulating, but in tne. matter of dis
tributing hla personal share or the un
earned Increment Delaroo expressed no
preference whatsoever. He paid his doss;
he made his passes; he sat In his place,
what more could be required? If they
put him in a post of honor h« filled It
with a silent dignity. If they set him to
guard the outer, portal he guarded well;
it was perilous rather for a visiting frater
or even a local brother to try getting past
money to. He could go the most compli
cated, catechism without a hitch every
time, for Maje spent weeks on the sidings
drilling him, until It came to naming the
beneficiary; there he stuck. Nobody could
get out of him to whom he wanted his
money to go.
yard nobody would come within a mffe
of him. He set out the boxcar below the
stock pens, cross lots from his house, up
on the hill, and, not being able to get ad
vice from anybody else, went home to
consult Martie.
Though there were a great many women
In Medlcino Bend, Maje Sampson looked
to but one, Martie, the little washed-out
woman up at Sampson's— wife, mother,
nurse, cook, slave— Martie.
No particular color hair; no particular
color eyes; no particular color gown; no
particular cut to It. A plain bit of a
woman, mother of six boys, large and
small, and wife of a great big. windbag
engineer, big' as three of her by actual
measurement. By the- time Maje had
taken counsel and walked downtown
prominent business men were fending off
his approach- with shotguns. The city
marshal from behind a bomb-proof asked
what he was going to do with his patient,
and Maje retorted he was going to take
him horn*. He wasn't a M. R. W. of T.
nor. a P. S. Q. of W E., but he was a
roundhouse man, and between Maje and
a railroad man, a wiper even, there was
a bond stronger than grip or password
or Jolly business of any kind. The other
things Maje, without realizing it, merely
played at; but as to the railroad lay— if a
railroad man was the right sort he could
borrow anything the . big fellow .had,
money, plug tobacco, pipe, water bottle,
strong bottle, it made no odds what. And,
on the other hand, Maje wouldn't hesitate
to borrow any or all of these things in
return; the "railroad man who got ahead
of Maje Sampson in this respect hid
claims to be considered a past grand in
the business.
The .doughty /engineer lifted and
dragged and hauled I Delaroo home with
him. If ' there was no hospital, Martie
had 'said, no pest house, no nothing, Just
bring- him : home.' They had \ all had .the
smallpox up at Sampson's, except ,<he
baby, and trie doctor had said lately the
baby appeared to ' need something. They
had really everything up at Sampson's
sooner, or later; measles, diphtheria,
croup, everything In earth except money.
And Martie Sampson, with the washing
and mending and scrubbing and cooking,
nursed the outcast wiper through . bis
smallpox. The baby took It, of course, and
Martie nursed the baby through and went
oh just the same as before— washing,
mending, cooking, scrubbing. .Delaroo
when he got well went to firing: Neighbor
offered the Job as a kind of consolation
prize; and he went to firing on the 264 for
Maje Sampson. •
It was then that Maje took Delaroo fair
ly in tiand and showed him. the unspeak
able folly of trying . to get through the
world without the comradeship and bene
fits of the B. S. U.'s of XL, and the fraters
of the order of the double-barreled star
of MacDuff. ', Delaroo caught a good deal
of it on the sidings, where they lay most
and hirgs. Prow ilit cab window he
Icoketi . i 14-year-old boy springing
out of a 10-year-old Jacket. Three things
only made Maje tolerable. First, the
number of bene-volent orders he belonged
to; Eecond, Delaroo; third, Martie.
Maje Simpson was a joiner and a slttet
up. He would Join anything on the west
end that had a ritual, a grip or a pass
word, ar.d he. would sit up night after
night with anybody that had a broken
leg or a fever; and If nothing better of
fered. Maje, rather than go to bed, would
tackle a man with the stomach ache.
This kind of took the cuss off; but he
was that peculiar he would sit up all
night with a sick man and next day maka
everybody sick talking the money queb
tion—at least, everybody but Delaroo. If
Delaroo was bored he never showed It.
As long as Maje would talk Delaroo
would listen. That single word was, In
fact, the key to Delaroo; Delaroo was a
listener; for that reason nobody knew
much about him.
He wasn't a railroad man by birth, but
by adoption. Delaroo came from the
mountains; he was just a plain mountain
man. Some said his father was a trap
per; If so, it explained everything— the
quiet, the head bent inquiringly forward,
the modest, ur.obtrusiveness of a man
deaf. Of a size and shape nothing re
markable, Delaroo— but a great listener,
for though he looked like a deaf man ha
heard like a dispatcher and saw marvel
ously from out the ends of his silent eyes.
Delaroo for all the world was a trapper.
He came into the service as a round
house sweeper; then Neighbor, after a
long time, put him at wiping. Delaroo
said nothing, but wiped for years and
years, and was in a fair way to become
liked, when, instead, he became one
morning pitted with umbilical vesicles,
and the doctors, with Delaroo's brevity,
said smallpox. The boarding-house keep
er threw him out bodily and at once.
Having no better place to go, Delaroo
wandered into Steve Beyer's saloon, where
he was generally welcome. Steve, how
ever, pointed a hospitable gun at him and
suggested his getting away immediatelT
from the front end of it. Delaroo wei t
from there' to the roundhouse with h> 
umbilicals and asked Neighbor what
man with the smallpox ought to do wltn
it. Neighbor wouldn't run, not even from
the smallpox— but he told Delaroo what
it meant. to get the smallpox started in
the roundhouse, and De'laroo wandered
quietly away from the depot grounds, a
pretty sick man then, staggered up the
yards, and crawled stupid into a boxcar
to die without embarrassing anybody.
By some hook or crook, nobody to this
day knows how, that car was switched
on to Maje Sampson's train when it was
made up that day for the West Maybe
it was done as a trick to scare the wlnd
brg engineer. If so, the idea was suc
cessful When the hind .end brakeman
at th« second stop came forward and re
ported a tramp with the smallpox in the
empty boxcar, Majo was angry. But his
curiosity gradually got the upper hand.
This man might be, by some distant
chance, he reflected, a P. Q. w. of A., or
a frattr, or a fellow or a knight or
something like— and when they stopped
again to throw off crackers and beer and
catsup, Maje went back and. entered the
infected car like a lion tamer~to try lodge
signals on him. Maje advanced and gave
the countersign. . It was not cordially re
ceived. He tried another and another—
and another; his passes were lost in the
air. The smallpox man appeared totally
unable to come back at Maje with any
thing. He was not only delirious, but by
this time so frightfully broken out that
Maje couldn't have touched a sound spot
with a Masonic signal of distress. Finally
the venturesome engineer walked closer
into the dark corner where the sick man
lay— and, by heaven! It was the Indian
wiper, Delaroo.
When Maje Sampson rot back into the
cab he could not speak— at least not for
publication. He was tearing mad and
sputtering like a safety. He gathered up
his cushion and a water bottle and a
bottle that . would explode if water
touched it. and crawled with his plunder
Into the boxcar. He straightened Delaroo
up and out and gave him a drink and by
vay of sanitary precaution took one per
sonally, for he himself had never had the
smallpox— but once. When he had done
this little for Delaroo he finished his run
and came back to the Bend hauling his
pesthouse boxcar. . The fireman quit the
cab immediately after Maje exposed him
self; the conductor communicated with
him only by signals. The Anderson op
erator wired ahead that Maje Sampson
was bringing back a man with smallpox
on Thirty, and when Maje, bulging out
of the 261 cab, pulled into the division
I.
If you want him. Quick and short, it
would be: whiskers, secret socleties # sta
tistics and plug tobacco— the latter most
ly worked up. That was Maje Sampson.
Bluntly, a wind beg: two hundred and
seventy pounds of atmosphere. Up on
benevolent fraternities, up on politics, up
on the money question, up on everything.
The Seven Financial Conspiracies engaged
Maje Sampson's attention pretty continu
ally, and had for him a practical applica
tion: there were never less than seven
conspiracies afoot In Medicine Bend to
make Maje Sampson pay up.
Pay? Indeed, he did pay. He was al
ways paying. It was not a question of
paying. Not at all. It was a question of
paying up, which is different.
The children— they were brickbats. Tow
headed, putty-faced, wash-eyed young
tters cf all sizes and conditions. About
Maje Sampson's children there was but
one distinguishing characteristic: they
were all boys # nothing but boys, and they
tpread all ovtr town. Was there a baby
run over? It was Maje Sampson's. Wai
there a child lost? Maje Sampson's. Was
there a violently large headed, coarse fea
tured, har.g deg, clatteriug sort of a chap
enywHere around? In the street, station,
round house, yards, stock pens? It was a
brickbat, cure, one of Maje Sampson's
brickbat bovs.
The Sampsons were at the end of the
street, and the end of the street was up
the mountain. Maje Sampson's lot
"ralred." as Neighbor put it— stood on its
bind legs. His house had a startling tum
ble-over arpect as you approached it. The
back end of his lot ran up Into the sheer,
but he marked the line sharply by a kind
of horizontal fence, because the cliff just
above belonged to the corporation that
owned everything else on earth around
Medicine Bend.
Maje Sampson did not propose to let any
grasping corporation encroach on his line*.
bo he built, and added to from time to
time, a cluster of things en the hind end
of his lot— an eruption of small buildings,
like pimples oh a boys nose, running down
in size from the barn to the last dry
poods box the boys had heaved up the
elope for a doghoure. To add to the
variety, some one of the structures was
always getting away In the wind, and If
anything smaller than a hotel was seen
careening across lots In a Medicine Bend
breeze It was spotted without further in
vestigation as Maje Sampson's. When the
gale abated Joe McBrackcn, who conduct
ed the local dray line, was pretty sure
to be seen with a henhouse or a wood
shed, or something likewise, loaded on his
trucks, headed for Maje Sampson's. Once
the whole lean-to of the house blew off,
but Joe McBrackcn stood ready for any
emergency. He met the maverick addi
tion at the foot of the grade, loaded it
en his house-moving truck, hitched on
four bronchos, crawled inside the struc
ture, and. getting the lines through the
front window, drove up Main street before
the wind had gone down. was photo
graphed in the act, and afterward used
the exhibit in getting Judgment against
Jlaje Sampson for his bilL
Now a man like Maje wouldn't be likely
to have very much of a run nor very
much of an engine. He had the 2C1, an
old pop bottle with a stack like a tepee
turned upside down. For a run he bad
always trains Number Twenty-nine and
Thirty, tfce local freights with an accom
modation coach east of Anderson. There
were times of stress frequently on the
west end, times when everybody ran first
In first out, except Maje Sampson; he al
ways ran Twenty-nine and Thirty west
of Silver River and back. A pettifogging,
cheap, jerkwater run with no lights to
rpeak of, not even against respectable
handcars. The only things Maje Samp
eon did not have to dodge were tramps,
blanket Indians and telegraph poles;
everything else sidetracked Twenty-nine
end Thirty and Maje Sampson. Almost
everybody on through trains must at
come time have seen Maje Sampson puf
fing on a siding as Moore or Mullen
ehot by on Number One. or Number Two.
Maje was so big and his cab was so lit
tle that when he got his head through
the window you couldn't Bee very much
of the' cab for shoulders' and whiskers
£ 1 1 T . ou tel1 u - * can>t teU !t> "
/ I prowled Neighbor.
(J "Oh, no. No. That's your
Etory, Neighbor."
'- "I ain't no story teller "
"Just an able-jawed liar," suggested
Callahan ll. rough a benevolent bluish
haze.
"Delarco's Ftory wasn't any He,
though," muttered Neighbor. "But a fel
low would think It was to hear It; now
he would, fcr a fact, wouldn't he?"
Copyright, 1303. by Frank H. Spearman
THE SUNDAY CAM*
12
THE MASTER
BOLD, THRILLING, DARING TO A WONDERFUL DEGREE.
....THE DISPATCHERS STQRY--NEXT SUNDAY....
v : 'l'[ ! FRANK H. SPEARHAN HAS QUITE OUTDONE HIMSELF IN THIS.Carborundum we may consider as a
very satisfactory product for the first
step in the process. The carhon in the
coal has by a single operation been trans,
formed into small granular crystals, dis
colored and impure, but exceedingly hard
and closely akin to the diamond. The
cause of these unsatisfactory features we
have already seen; now the remedy:
Let us suppose, for instance, that a tun
nel or shaft be excavated to a point a
hundred feet below the surface of the
earth, a quantity of the already purffled
carbon (carborundum) be placed at that
point, the necessary wire connections
made, the excavation refilled and the full
force of the electric current turned on
for such time as may be possible, or nec
essary to fuse the carborundum and to
greatly heat the surrounding earth.
Here we would have probably all the
heat necessary, a considerable degree of
pressure, and possibly some months of
tk'me for the process of crystallization.
Who dares sa y that this process, or a
repetition of it, might not result in—dia
monds? G. M. UTTLE.
This of itself is an achievement of no
small proportions.* scientifically consid
ered, but still falls short of success.
Theoretically, it seemed. It should have
produced, the diamond, but practically it
did not. Something Was not as it should
have been. Something in nature's labora
tory was more perfect than man's; some
law necessary to transform the carbon
in the coal to the pure, hard crystal of
the diamond had not been fully complied
with. Perhaps this law can yet be more
accurately interpreted.
First, let tia look at the laws of crys
tallography. Crystals are produced, gen
erally speaking, from a substance more
or less in liquid form, either In state of
fusion or solution, and it 13 well known
that they are greatly affected In stze,
shape and purity by the conditions under
which they are formed. In genera!, large
crystals require more time to form than
small, so that a short period of cooling
or crystallization will result in small
granular crystals. As each substance has
ita own characteristic crystal, it follows
that to be perfect In form It must be- pure.
In order that a crystal be pure It la not
essential that the original "liquid" con
taining it shall be pure. It la always the
tendency of the crystal in forming to ex
clude foreign matter, as will be realized
by those who have observed comparative
ly pure ice upon a muddy pond. There
are two ways by which a pure crystal
may be formed from an Impure source:*
First, by a sufficient lapse of time diirinjf
crystallization to enable all foreign mat
ter to be excluded, which Is nature's way;
second, by successively taking the par
tially purified product of one crystalliza
tion, remelting and recrystalllzing, until
purity Is reached, which Is man's way.
Now by analogy why not apply these
principles to the manufacture of the dia
mond? For nature's great advantage of
unljmlted time why not substitute recrys
tallization?
haps no more daring conception has
taken form and life than the attempt to
subjugate and direct nature's own forces
to the production of one of her greatest
masterpieces— the diamond.
By means of the great power plant at
Niagara Falls— that magic wand of mod
ern science by which the tremendous
force of gravity is transformed Into elec
tric heat of an Intensity which rivals
even the primal heat of the earth— was
produced, not the diamond, but the won
derful carborundum, the flrs£ (but arti
ficial) cousin.
IN the realm of science, since th«
golden dream of the ancient alchem
ists first stirred man to probe among
the Innermost secrets of nature, per-
Is the Artificial
Diamond
Possible?
"I don't know how much good It does
Delaroo spiking up his grave once a
year," Neighbor always winds up. "It
may not do him a blamed bit of good; I
don't say it does. But I can see them. I
see them from the it does
me good. Hm!"
"Maje?" he will add. "Why, I've got
hfm over there at the house wiping. I'm
going to put him running the stationary
If old John Baxter ever dies. When will
he die? Blamed if I know. John Is a pret
ty good man yet I can't kill him, can I?
Well, then, what's a matter with you?
"No, Maje don't talk aa much as he
used to — forgetting his passes more or
less, too. Getting old like some more of
us. He's kind of quit the money ques
tion; claims he don't understand It now
aa well as the boys do. But he can talk
about Delaroo; he understands Delaroo
pretty well— now."
When they turn at Maje Sampson'*
place— there's a gate there now— Martie
and more or less of the boys and Maje
kind' of Join In along and go over with
them, carrying a basket or so of flowers
and a bucket of water.
The boys soon stray over to where the
crowd is, around the graves of the heroes.
But Martie gets down by a grave some
what apart and prods the drifting gravel
all up loose with an old caseknife. You
would think she might be kneading bread
there, the way she sways under her sun
bonnet and gloves^ — for her little boiled
hands are in gloves now.
Bend. Decoration day tnere Is an attempt
at a turnout— a little speeching and a lit
tle marching— a thin, straggling column
of tha same warped, bent old fellows in
the same faded old blue. Up the hill they
go and around to the cemetery to deco
rate.
They buried Delaroo. But even* then
they were not through with him. Dela
roo had Insurance In every order In the
Bend, which meant almost 'every one on
earth. There was no end to his benefit
certificates, and no known beneficiaries.
But when they overhauled his trunk tho
found every last certificate filed away up
to the last paid assessment and the last
quarter's dues. Then came a shock. Peo
ple found out that there was a bene
ficiary. While the fraters were busy
making their passes Delaroo had quietly
been directing the right honorable re
cording secretaries to make tho benefits
run to Neighbor, and so every dollar of
his Insurance ran. Nobody was more
thunderstruck than the master mechanic
himself.
Yet Delaroo meant something • by It.
After Neighbor had studied over It nights
the best of a month; after Maje Sampson
had tried to take the color test and failed,
as he persistently said he would; after
he had gone to tinkering in the round
house and from tinkering respectably
and ' by degrees down the hill to wiping
at a dollar and forty cents a day with
time and a half for overtime— Neighbor
bethought himself all of a sudden one
day of a paper Delaroo had once given
him and asked him to keep. .
He had put it away in the storekeeper's
safe with his own papers and the draw
ings of his extension front end patent—
and safely forgotten all about it. It was
the day they had to go into the county
court about the will that w'as not, when
he recollected Delaroo's paper and pulled
it out of its envelope. There was only
a half sheet of paper, inside, with this
writing from Delaroo to Neighbor:
R. B. A.— What is coming to me on en
surance give to Marty Sampson, wife of
Maje. Give my trunk to P. McGraw.
, Rispk.. P. De LA ROUX.
When the master mechanic read that
before the probate judge Maje Sampson
took a-trembling, Martie hid her face in
her shawl, crying again. Maybe a glim
mer of what It meant came for the first
time in her life over her. Maybe shff re
membered Delaroo as he used to sit with
them under the kerosene lamp while Maje
untiringly pounded the money question
into him— smoking as he listened, and
Martie mended on never-ending trousers.
Looking from Maje Sampson, heated with
monologue, to his wife, patiently stitch
ing. No comments; Just looking as Pierre
Delaroux could look.
Strange, Neighbor thought it, and yet
maybe not so strange. It was all there in
the paper— the torn, worn little book of
Delaroo's life. She was the only woman
on earth that had ever done him a kind
ness.
\ Nobody at Medicine Bend quite under*
stood It; but nobody at Medicine Bend
quite suspected that under all the bar
renness up at Maje Sampson's an ambi
tion could have survived; yet one" had.
Martie had an, ambition. Way down un
der her faded eyes and her faded dress
there was an. ambition, and that for the
least promising subjects in the Rocky
Mountains— the brickbats. Under the un
ending mending and the poverty and the
toll Martie, who. never put her nose .out
of doors, who never attended a church so
cial, naver ventured even to a free public
school show— had an ambition for <he
bo>'s. She wanted the two biggest to go
to the State University— wanted them to
go and get an education. And they went;
and Maje Sampson says them boys, ary
one, has forgotten more about the money
question than he ever knew. It looks as
if after all the brickbats might come' out
—a bit of money in Martle's hands goes so
far. .
There are a few soldiers buried at' the
"It wouldn't worry ine so much If it
wasn't f'r the family, Neighbor. The
woman — and the, boys. I ain't much a
savin'; you know that. If you can gi' me
a job I can get bread an' butter out of,
give It to me/ I can't pull a train; my
eyes went out with this man here. I wish
to God It was me, and him standing over.
A man that's color blind, and don't know
a thing on God's earth but runnln' an en
gine, Is wos'n a dead roan."
Neighbor went home thinking.
"True as God's word. You might as
well know It now. There's a man that
stood between me and the loss of my Job.
It's been coming on me for two year. He
knew it, that's why he stayed in my cab.
He stayed because I was color blind. He
knowed I'd git ketched the minute a new
fireman come In, Neighbor. He watched
the' signals— Delaroo. I'm color blind,
God help me." Maje Sampson sat down
by the coffin. Martie hushed her crying;
the three sat in the darkness. J
- — r
up. But now his day was as one that Is
darkened. When Neighbor went up next
night to see about some minor matters
connected with the funeral and tha pre
cedence of the various dozen orders that
were to march he found Maje Sampson
and Martie alone in the darkness of the
parlor with the silent Delaroo.
Maje turned to the master mechanic
from where Delaroo lay. "Neighbor, you
might as well know It now as any time.
Don't you say so, Martie? Martie, what
do you say?" Martie burst Into tears;
but through them Neighbor caught the
engineer's broken confession. "Neighbor
—I'm color blind." . The master mechanic
sat stunned.
It was November and great weather for
running, and when the rails were riot
springing under the soldiers west-bound
they were humming under the steers east
bound. Maje Sampson, with his beer kegs
and his crackers and his 264 and his be
knighted fireman, hugged the sidings
pretty close that week. Some of the
trains had part of the rights and others
had the remainder. The 264 and her train
took what was left, which threw Maje
Sampson most of the time on the worn
out, run-down scrap rails that make cor
duroy roads of the passing tracks. Then
.came the night, that Moulton, the Philip
pine commandant, went through on his
special. With his staff and his baggage
and his correspondents and; that kind he
took one whole train. Syme Crowley
pulled them, with Ben Shearer conductor,
and, whatever else may be said of that
pair, they deliver their trains on time.
Maje Sampson left Medicine Bend with
Twenty-nine at noon on his regular run
and tried to get west. But between the
soldiers behind him and the steers against
him he soon lost every visionary right he
ever did possess. They laid him out
nearly every mile of the way- to the end
of the run. At Sugar Buttes they -held
him thirty minutes for the Moulton spe
cial to pass, and, to crown his indignities,
kept him there fifteen minutes more wait-
Ing for an east-bound sheep train. Samp
son afterward claimed that Barnes Tracy,
the dispatcher that did it, was a gold
Democrat, but this never was proved.
It was nearing dark when the crew of
local freight Twenty-nine neard the dull
roar of the Moulton special speeding
through the canyon of the Rat. A pas
senger train running through the canyon
at night comes through with the far roll
of a thousand drums, deepening into a
rumble of thunder. Then out and over all
comes the threatening purr of the strain
ing engine breaking into a storm of ex
hausts, until, like a rocket, the headlight
bursts streaming from tho black wall,
and Moore on the 811 or Mullen with the
818, or Hawksworth In the 1110, tear with
a fury of alkali arid a : sweep of noise over,
the Butte . switch, past caboose and' flats
and boxes and the 264 like fading light.
Just a sweep of darkened glass and dead
varnish, a whirl of smoking trucks beat-
Ing madly at the lish plates, and the .fast.
train is up and out and gone!
Twenty-nine, local, was used to all this.
Used to, the vanishing tall lights, the
measured, sinking of the sullen dust, the
silence brooding again over the desert
with,' this "night, fllteen ( minutes more to
walt'for the east-bound stock train before
they dared open the switch. Maje Samp
son killed the time by going back to the
caboose' to talk equities with the conduc
tor. It was no trick for him to put away
fifteen minutes discussing the rights of
inan with himself; aud with "an angel of
a fireman to watch the cab why not?
The 264 standing on the side was chewing
her cud as sweet as an old cow, with may
be a hundred and forty pounds of steam
to the right of the dial, maybe a hundred
and fifty— I say may be, because no one
but Delaroo ever knew-when the sheep
train whistled. :.V ,'J. ' •.
Sheep— nothing but sheep. Gar after car
rattling down from the Short Line behind
two spanking big engines. They whistled,
hoarse as pirates, for the Butte siding,
and, ¦¦ rising the hill a mile west of It,
bore down the grade throwing Dannah
coal from both stacks like hydraulic
gravel. . t -
No one knew or ever .will \ know, how it
happened. Th%y cat-hauled men on the
carpet a' week \ about that switch. ~- y The
crew of the Moulton special testified ; the
crews of , the stock train testified; Maje
Sampson testified; his conductor and both
brakemen testified ;* the roadmaster arid
the section boss each testified, and '.their
1 ¦ i
ease of keep out of our way er get smash
ed, Maje Sampson or no Maje Sampson,
money question or no money question.
Benevolent benefits "fraternally proposed
or anteroom signals confidentially put
forth by the bald-headed 264 were of no
sort of consequence { with the modern
giants that pulled 1000 tons In a string up
a 2000-foot grade at better than twenty
miles an hour. It was clear, yet cold.
"You old tub. get out of our way, will
you?" And the fast -runners, like Moore
and Hawksworth and Mullen and § the
Crowleys, Tim and Byrne, had about as
much consideration for Maje and . his
financial' theories as their machines had
for his machine.' Ht§ Jim-crow freight
nitflt didn't cut much of a figure In their
ack schedules.
Bo the MaJ« Sampson combination, but
quite as brassy as though It' had rights
of the 'first class, dodged the big fellows
up and down the line pretty successfully
until the Government began pushing
troops Into the Phillppines.and there came
days when a Rocky Mountain sheep could
hardly have kept out of the way of the
extras that tore, hissing and booming
over the mountains for Frisco. For a
time the traffic came hot; so hot we were
pressed to handla It. There wa*' a good
bit of skirmishing on the part of the pas-;
senger department to get the business,
and then tremulous skirmishing in the
operating department to deliver the goods.
Every brokendown coach In the backyards
was scrubbed up for the soldier trains..
We aimed to kill Just as few as possible
of the boys en route to the islands,
though that may have been a mistaken
mercy. However, we handled them well;
not a man in khaki got away from us in
a wreck, and In the height of the push
we put more livestock into South Omaha,
ear for car, than has ever gone in before
or since.
At dawn hot coffee was passed among
the wreckers, and shortly , after sunrise
the McCloud gang arrived with the sec
ond derrick. Then the men of the night
took hold with a new grip to get Into the
heart of the pile; to find— If he was there—
Delaroo. ' , ,- -;
• None of the McCloud gang knew the
man they were hunting for, but the men
from the Bend were soon telling them
about Maje Sampson's Indian. 'Not a
mute nod ' he ever gave; not a piece of
tobacco he ever passed; not a brief word
he ever spoke to one of the battered old
hulks who rode and cut and slashed and
stormed and drank and cursed with
Benedict Morgan was forgotten then.
Every slewed, twisted, weather-beaten,
ciippled-up, gin-shivered old wreck of a
wrecker^-they were hard men— had some
thing to say about Delaroo. And with
their hair matted and their faces streaked
and their shirts daubed and their elbows
in blood, they said ft— whatever it was.
much or little— of Delaroo.
The picks swung, the derricks creaked,
and all day/ with the heaving and the
calling they tolled; but the sun was sink
ing before they got to the middle of it.
Then Benedict Morgan, crawling under
the drivers of the hind mogul, partly un
covered, edjred out with a Bet face: he
swore he heard breathing. It was 'alcohol
to the veins of the double gang. Neighbor
himself went in and heard— and stayed to
fasten a grapple to pull" the engine truck
off the roof of a box car that was Jammed
over and against the" mogul stack.
The b!gr derrick groaned as "the slack
drew and the truck crashed through a
tier of stays and swung whirling into the
clear. A giant wrecker dodged the sus
pended wheels and raising an ax bit a
hole Into the jammed roof. Through that
they passed a second grapple, and pres
ently it gave sullenly, toppled back with
a crash, and the foremost axman. peering
into the openlne, saw the heart of the
wreck. Bending forward he picked up
something struggling in h'is arms. They
thought it was a man; but it was a sheep,
alive and uninjured under all the hprror:
that was the breathing they heard. Bene
dict Morgan threw, the man and his bur
den aside and stepped himself into the
gap and. through. One started to follow,
but the chief of the wreckers waved him
back. Close by where the sheep had been
freed stood Delaroo. He stood as if with
ear alert, so closely did the counterfeit
seem the real. So sure was the impres
sion of life that not until Morgan, speak
ing to the fireman, put his hand on his
shoulder did he realize that the "Indian
stood quite dead Just where'the shock had
caught him In bis cab.
Stumbling: over • the wreckage . they
passed. him"' in the, silence of the sunset
from hand to hand into" the open. A big
fellow, pallid and; scared, tottered after
them and when they laid the dead man
down, half fell at his side; it was Maje
Sampson. / ; .
It surprised everybody the way Maje
Sampson \w en t to pieces after Delaroo
was killed. The Indian was carried back
to the Bend; and up to ; Sampson's and
laid out-In" the God- fdrsaken parlor; but
Maje wasn't' any good fixing things up
that « time. r He usually shone on like oc
casions. Ha was the comforter of the
afflicted to : an extraordinary degree: he
gave the usual mourner no chance to let
men testified— but however or whatever
it was— whether tho Moulton special frac
tured the tongue or whether the pony of^
the lead engine flew the guard, or whether
the switch had been opened, or whether/
In dosing, the slip rail had somehow
failed to follow the rod— the double-headed
stocker went Into that Butts switch, into
that Butte siding, into the peaceable old
2M and the Twenty^nlne. local, like a lyd
dite shell, crashing, rearing, ripping,
scattering two whole trains into blood
and scrap. Destruction, madness, throes,
death, silence; then a pyre of dirty smoka,
a wail of sickening: bleats, and a scream
of hissing 8t«am over a thousand sheep
caught in the sudden shambles.
There was frightened crawling out of
the shattered cabooses, a hurrying up of
the stunned crews, and .a bewildering
count of heads. Both engine crews of
the stock train had Jumped as their train
split the switch. The train crews were
badly shaken; the head brakeman of the
sheep train lay torn In the barbed wire
fencing- the right of way; but only ona
pan was missing— the fireman of Twenty
nine—Delaroo. .
. "Second 86 Jumped west switch passing
track and went into train 29, engine 264.
Bad spill. Delaroo, fireman the 264, miss
ing," wired Sugar Buttes to Medicine
Bend a few minutes later. ¦
Neighbor got there by 10 o'clock with
both roadmasters and the wrecking outfit.
It was dark as a canyon on the desert that
night. .Benedict Morgan's men tore
splintered car timber from- the debris, and
on the knolls back of the siding lighted
heaping bonfires that threw a light all
night on the dread pile smoking on the
desert They dug by the flame of the fires
at the ghastly heap till midnight; then
the moon rose, an extra crew arrived from
the Bend, and then they got the derrick
at work. Yet with all the toil when day
broke the confusion looked worse con
founded. The main line was so hopelessly
blocked that at daylight a special with
ties and steel was run in to lay a tempor
| ary track around the wreck.
"What do I think of it?" muttered
Neighbor, when the local operator asked
him for a report for Callahan. "I think
there's two engines for the scrap in eight
—and the 264, if we can ever find any
thing of her— and about a million sheep to
pay for—" Neighbor paused to give an
order and survey the frightful scene.
"And Delaroo " repeated the operator.
"He wants to know about Delaroo-: — "
"Missing." :v*>^
THE SUNDAY CAii.
"Heaping bonfires that threw a light all night en the dread pile smoking on the desert. 7 '
Delaroo if he was rusty In the ritual. Not
Haje Sampson himself could work the
outer guard without the countersign; If
ho forgot In the hurry <©f getting to lodge
he had to cool his heels in the outer air
till It came back; Delaroo was pitiless.
In the ra.b he was aa taciturn as he was
In the lodge or under the kerosene lamp
et Sampson's; he Just listened. But his
firing v.-as above any man's who ever
•toked the 264. Ddaroo made more 6team
on less coal than any man In the round
house. Neighbor began to hold him up
as a model for the division, and the boys
found that the way to Jolly Neighbor was
to say nice things about Delaroo. The
head of the motive power would brighten
out of a eulk at the mention of Delaroo's
came, end he finally fixed up a surprise
for the Indian man. One night after De
laroo came In Neighbor, In the bluff way
he liked to use In promoting a man, told
Delaroo he could hav« an engine; a good
one, one of the K class; as much finer a
machine than the old 264 '.as Duffy's
chronometer was than a prize package
watch. Delaroo never said aye, yes or no;
be merely listened. Neighbor never had
a promotion received In Just that way; it
nearly cave him the apoplexy.
But If Delaroo treated the proposal
coolly, not so Maje Sampson; when the
newi of the offer reached him. Maje
went Into an unaccountable flutter. He
acted at first exactly as If ha wanted to
hold hi* man back, which was dead
against cab ethics. Finally he assented,
but his cheeks went flabby and his eyes
hollow, and he showed more worry than
.his creditors. Nobody understood It, yet
there was evidently something on, and the
Major's anxiety increased until Delaroo,
the Indian fireman and knight companion
of the Ancient Order of Druids and
Fluids, completely took Neighbor's breath
by declining the new engine. That was a
West End wonder. He said if It made no
odds he would stay on the 264. The men
all wondered;, then something: new came
. up and the thins was ¦ forgotten. Maje
Sampson's cheeks filled out again, he re
gained his usual nerve, and swore on the
~ money question harder than ever..^ .
After that it was pretty generally : un
derstood that Delaroo and Maje Samp
eon and tho 264 were fixtures. Neighbor
never gave any one a chance to decline
an engine mere than once. The, boys all
knew, If Delaroo . didn't, that he would
be firing a lone time* after throwing that
chance by; and he was.
The combination came to be regarded
as eternal. When the sloppy 264 hove In
eight, little Delaroo and big Majo Samp
eon were known to be behind the boiler
pounding up and down the mountains, tip
and down, year in and year out. Big en
gines came Into the division and bigper.
All the time the division was crowding
on the motive power and putting in the
mammoth types, until when the 264 was
stalled alongside a consolidated, or a mo
gul skyscraper, she looked . like an an
cient beer glass set . next an , Imported
stein. .
."With the 264, when the 800 or the 1100
class were concerned, It was; simply a
13
MECHANICS STORY
TBE BEST I :V^7--^ V ' THIS '.- '," ''' : '.i-">i: One of the Best |
Railroad stories —Dispatcher's Story... J§§||||jgl
EVER WRITTEN. I NEXT SUNDAY^ ; NEW SERIES. |Continued from page 7.
after the election I could be appointed As
sistant secretary of the company as an
evidence of good faith on the part of the
reform management I can keep tabs on
them and represent the Weddell-Hopkins
Interest The salary," he added, with
truly artistic significance, "could be $5000
a year. I have been getting Just one-half
of that" His salary was exactly $1600;
but why minimize one's commercial
value?
The old banker walked up and down.
"By gad, sir, you, shall - have our
proxies," said Mr. Weddell at length.
Weddell, Hopkins & Co. held 14,000
shares of Iowa Midland stock, and on the
next day Rock received their proxies.
Coming from so well known, so notor
iously anti-Greener a house, they served
as credentials to him, and he was able to
convince many doubting Thomases. He
secured proxies from practically all the
anti-Greener stock held In the city, as
well as In Philadelphia and Boston.
All told, the proxies he had secured
from Mr. Greener's friends and from his
foes amounted' to 61,830 shares. It was
really a remarkable performance. He felt
very proud of It As to consequences he
had carefully weighed them. , He was
bound to succeed, on whichever side the
coin came down.
Mr. Greener called him into his private
office.
"Mr. Rock, how about those Iowa Mid
land proxies?"
"I have them safe," answered the clerk,
a bit defiantly.
"How many?" .'.-¦•
Rock , pulled out . a piece of paper,
though he knew the figures by heart* He
said, in a tone he endeavored to make
nonchalant: "I have exactly 61,830
shares." ': -v, '.'¦; -i .- ¦. .
"What? What?" The Napoleon's voice
overflowed with astonishment -
Rock looked straight into Greener's
shifty brown eyes. "I said," be repeated,
"that I ; had proxjes. for 61.830 shares."., v
Mr. Greener remembered himself. "I
"Yes?"
a year."
"Yes," admitted Mr. Greener, meekly.
"How much do you want?" His look be
came furtive again. A great weight hud
been removed from his mind.
"Weddell. Hopkins & Co. and their
friends want me ¦ to voto the Wliletts
ticket. Mr. Wllletts having promised to
make important reforms. My reward is to
be the position of assistant secretary,
with headquarters In New York, at a sal
ary of $5000 a year,. to say nothing of the
backing of Weddell. Hopkins & Co.
"I'll do as much and give you $20,000 In
cash," said' Mr. Greener, quietly.
."No. I want to Join the New York
Stock Exchange. I want you to buy me a
seat, and I want you to give me some of
your business. And I want you to lend
me $E0.0OO on my note."
"Mr. Greener, you know what I can
do ; and I know what the absolute con
trol of the Iowa Midland means to you.
And I want to be your broker. I'll serve
you faithfully, Mr. Greener."
"Rock," squeaked Mr. Greener, '.'shake
hands. I understand Just how you feel
about this. I'll. buy you a seat and I'll
give you all the business I can. and I'll
lend -you $100,000 without . any note. I
think ' I ¦ know you now. The seat you
shall have Just as soon as It . can be
bought. My interests shall be your Inter
ests in the future."
"I've : made ' all the necessary arrange
ments. I can buy the seat at a moment's
notice," said Rock, calmly, though his
heart was beating wildly for sheer Joy of
victory. "It will cost $23,000."
"Tell Mr. Simpson to make out my per
sonal check for $25,000," piped the Na
poleon of the Street, almost cordially.
"Th- thank you, very much, Mr. Green
er,"; stammered the bold clerk. "The
proxies "
"Oh, that's all right," Interrupted Mr.
John F. Greener. VYou'U go to Des
Moines with us. You're ' one of us now.
I've long wanted a man like you. But.
Rock, nowadays young men are either
gamblers or fools," he added with a final
plaintive squeak. r
congratulate you, Mr. Rock, on keeping
your word. You will find I keep mine
equally well," he said, In his normal
squeak.
"We may as well have an understand
ing now ¦ as any other time, Mr.-
Greener." Rock's eyes eld not leave tho
sallow face of the great railroad wrecker.
He knew he had crossed the Rubicon. He
was fighting for his future, for the.suc
cess he had dreamed of. And he was
fighting a giant of giants/ All this the
clerk thought: and the thought braced
him wonderfully.
"What* do /you mean?" squeaked Mr.
Greener, naively.
Mr. Brown entered. He was Just in
time to hear the clerk say.: . "You have,
all told. 110,000 shares of Iowa Midland.
President Wllletts and his crowd con
trol about the same amount."
"Yes," said the sallow-faced little man.
His forehead was moist— barely moist—
.with perspiration, but his face was ex
pressionless. His eyes were less furtive;
tl<at was all.
"Well, some of the proxies stand In the
name of Frederick Rock- or John F.
Greener, but the great part in my name
alone. I can vote the entire lot as I
please. And' whichever, side I vote for
will have an absolute niajorlty. Mr.
Greener, I have the naming of the di
rectors, and therefore of the president of
the Iowa Midland. And you can't pre
vent me; and you can't touch mo; and
you can't do a d— d thing to me!" he
ended, defiantly. It, was nearly all su
perfluous,—. Inartistic. But youth^a de
fect one overcomes with time! .
"You Infernal scoundrel!" shouted Mr.
Brown.' He had a short, thick neck, and
anger made his face ~ dangerously ¦ pur
ple, f-v ,
"I secured most • of the proxies," con
tinued Rock, In a tone that savored
slightly ' of self-defense, "by < assuring
Weddell. Hopkins, &. Co. and their friends
that I would vote against Mr. Greener."
He paused.. s , . .'-..".
"Ho ahead, Mr. Rock," squeaked Mr.
. Greener; .Vdon't be afraid to talk." ••..*
' "You offered < me $10,000 cash and $2000
THE MAN WHO WON-By Edwin Lefevre
And Bill turned on more power. They
swung round the last corner before reach
ing the hospital, and a terrific rumbling
sound greeted their ears, mingled with
shouts and screams. It was all over in a
second— the runaways, attached to the
heavy dray, dashed straight Into the am
bulance. The driver hurtled through the
air. Dr. James felt a blow somewhere,
there was an instant of blankness, then
be realized that he was stumbling blindly
toward the sidewalk with that deathlike
"Clip It up. BilL"
The thoroughly frightened woman re
plied, stammeringly: "Working, sir; we
don't know much about her, sir. She's
seen better days, but she tries awful
hard."
Would that elevator never reach the
ground floor? And was that hospital at
the other end of the city? Every minute
was precious now. He leaned toward the
driver.
He covered her face. The gaping crowd
should not see her. As they passed out
to the elevator he still grasped the wrist
of the forewoman.
"What Is she doing here?"
Dr. James leaned back moodily, and
the ambulance swung round a corner,
then stopped before the entrance of a
high factory building. A policeman stood
guard at the door.
"Right up the elevator. Doc. Pretty
nasty case, I guess. They've been work-
Ing over her quite a bit"
"And doing the worst things possible,
I suppose," growled the young medical
man, as he stepped into the elevator. The
driver and policeman followed with the
stretcher. Up they shot, past floor after
floor, where the whirring of machines
sounded like the emphasized waves of
heat On the top floor girls sewed pant
ingly amidst the silks and velvets which
were being worked into new fall millinery
for the trade. The heavy fabrics added
to their discomfort, but they barely
looked up as the surgeon passed, though
one of their number lay silent arAl mo
tionless in the private office. It was all
In the day's work.
Dr. James entered the little room. The
green shades had been drawn tight A
woman leaned over a figure stretched on
the floor, with Ice on the wrists and head.
Dr. James Jerked up the shade, and the
pitiless sunlight shot across the floor and
rested on the deathlike face. The police
man and the driver reached the door Just
In time to hear a groan, which came not
from the patient, but from the young
doctor.. He turned as white as his new
found patient, dropped on his knees and
went to work with lips set grimly and
nerves that quivered.*
"How long has she been like this?"
"Half an hour," faltered the fore
woman, frightened at his savage tones.
"God!" murmured the doctor; then he
Issued some sharp orders to his assist
ants, and the girl was raised with a ten
derness new to the ambulance surgeon,
and. as the bearers turned to leave, he
said to the forewoman harshly: "Give
me a cloth." •: . •
"If you do not at once go away." con
tinued Sadie In trembling tones, "I shall
be under the painful necessity of snoot-
Ing you."
"By ginger, but what a heroine," laugh
ed the tramp.
He understood the situation. He knew
that she was alone and ready to be scaied
Into a fit, but was making a brave bluff
against her womanly weakness. There
was a strain of chivalry In his composi
tion. Stepping back and lifting his gre-dsy
old cap oft nU tousled hair, he bowed low
and said: "•
"Fair Miss, please observe that I grace
fully retire and give you the victory."
When he had disappeared down the
road Miss Sadie congratulated herself
oil her nerve, and sat down on the steps
of the veranda to look for a mad dog.
Aunt Deborau had said a mad dog
would come next. There was a slip
somewhere, however, for It was a robber
that showed- up about forty minutes after
the tramp's broad back had become only
a dot against the sky line. The robber
came from the west, walking In the mid
dle of the highway. As he reached the
barn, a few rods below the house, he
turned In and was quickly lost to sight
"Persactly. A gun Is as harmless as a
rag doll when It isn't loaded. I'd like to
change places with the gun for an hour
or two."
"Stop where you are!"
"That's better," he said as he came to
a halt. "I took It from your flinging
your arms about that you had St Vitus'
dance. Any cold wlttles which want eatln'
up?" *
"Sir!" commanded Sadie, as she drew
herself up, "I want you to understand
that I have a gun!"
"Just so. llttle one."
"And It's loaded.!'
gate you must look as fierce as you can
and motion him to pass on. If you see a
mad dog you will run into the house, of
course, and if a robber tries to enter you
Just stand right up to him and tell him
•you've got a loaded gun In the house and
know how to shoot." *
"But Is there a loaded gun?" asked
Sadie, as she slightly shivered at the
thought.
"I guess that old gun behind the closet
door in my bedroom has been loaded for
the last ten years. Uncle Ellsha kept It
loaded for owls before he died. Don't
shoot a robber unless he comes to rob and
can't be persuaded otherwise, and then
shoot at his legs and give him a chance
to live and reform."
"But I must shoot If he refuses to go
away?" — •-," J
• "You must You must point the gun
In his direction and shut your eyes, and
don't faint away when you hear the re
port"
Twenty minutes later she heard the
latch of the gate suddenly. click, and she
dumped herself out of the hammock to
find a first-class specimen of the Weary
Willie advancing up the path. She mo
tioned as Aunt Deborah had told her to.
She motioned with both hands at once,
but the tramp paid no attention. He was
within five feet of her when she cried out:
Copyrighted. 1903. by T. C. McClure.
•R y OUNG Dr. James tlght
rf^gS^/Tjiiia* ened up his belt wlthi
'^•YV^^C/M a ecowl - aa he heard
l*yi£&(*l'< lhe ambulance gong
'^V's^'IflB "A Eound - The llttle tents
fry^\ip'/^^V which dotted the
Tva£)£«»L^£ grounds of the hospital
IS^Bfeg^asi&Sfl were already filled with
victims of the heat His own head
• whirled and his pulse throbbed violently.
and there were four hours of relentless
"sunlight still before the scorching city.
The electric ambulance rolled lightly and
noiselessly 1 under the porte cocher* of the
great hospital, and then, with Us clang
of warning, threaded Its way between
cars, trucks and delivery wagons. Peo
ple eyed It with curiosity not unmixed
with awe. There was no telling whose
turn would come next And, unmindful of
their stare. Dr. James sat on one of the
lengthwise seats, with his feet stretched
on the one opposite and continued to
•cowl.
" Nothing but heat prostrations, a cut
head or so. and Innumerable cases of
cholera lnfantum had come his way since
he was put In charge of the ambulance.
The deadly monotony was getting on his
nerves. He hated the Interminable round
of remedies, the whimpering babies and
the whining mothers. This was not the
energetic, surgical work he had seen be
fore him during his hospital term. He
wondered If, after all. the doctor's life
did not bold a deal of drudgery. .And the
path to fame and success was bound to
be strewn with years of monotony.
. It all might have been very different If
Maude Allen had stood by him— had mar
ried him when. In his Impetuous lashlon,
he had asked her to come to the city
with him. and live on the slender income
which cam* to him through his uncle's
estate. But she had said that he must
first show his mettle. She lacked faith in
him. and. like all women, she was not
content to help a fellow work his way,
but would be quite ready to enjoy the
fruits of his success.
That was the way when a girl's father
had money, and the man who loved her
had few assets, except a clever brain and
a prospective career. No doubt she was
; enjoying herself this very moment at
tome seaside resort, with a string of silly
summer men paying her sillier compli
ments. He hadn't written to her and he
wouldn't until he had something to show,
and then, perhaps, he would not care. All
of which were exceedingly bitter thoughts
to be indulged In by a fine looking young
chap dressed in white duck, and bowling
along In the finest electric ambulance In
the great city.
He pulled himself together and shouted
to the driver.
•'Hey, Bill, where In time are we go
ln*r*
"To Stlnton'a wholesale millinery shop.
Bet there's half a dozen girls tumbled
under. It's h— 1 under that skylight
where they trim. We got a dozen cases
from there last summer. *"*
That Miss Sadie Davis was not a queer
girl, and that she did make the best of
it. was proven a year later. The diagno
sis of the doctor was correct, and th»
tourist with the rich dad was taken Into
the house as a summer boarder. He took
advantage of circumstances to woo aa.l
win and take unto himself a wife, and to
preserve the old shotgun as a ¦oureni*
of their first meeting.
"He's some college fellow, probably,
with a rich dad behind him. who's been
making a walking tour. He probably got
soaked in thct thunder storm yesterday
and he'll be in bed- for four or five days
as a result. Here's your little romance,
and If you don't make -the best of It
you're a queer girl." -
f'l — I dunno. but I'll try my hardest,"
said the trespasser, as he struggled to
his feet "However, I think I'd rather
have a doctor than a dose of bird shot.
Is your— your father— or anyone els©—
about— about T'
He lurched and staggered, and col
lapsed, and Sadie let the gun fall to the
floor and bent over him. It wasn't a
minute before she discovered that he was
burning with fever and shaking with a
chill at the same time, and all further
thoughts ,of robbers and shooting were
driven from her head. She brought him
water and later on stopped a farmer driv
ing by and got help to move the stranger
to the house and put him to bed.
"He's no tramp." said the country doc
tor who was called In.
"But I'll only shoot you in the legs, and
thus give you a chance to reform, Do
you think you could reform after being
shot in the legs?"
"I guess I'm only a common ""^ bat
I want to rest— and I'm so tired— and I
feel "
"It will be my duty to shoot yoa, you
know. If you don't move en."
"Yes? Well. I don't care much."
Sadie waited with beating heart for tea
minutes to see If he intended to advanca
¦upon the house from the barn and take
her by surprise; but as time went oa aha
made up her mind that he had com* to
steal hay or straw Instead of household
effects. He must be driven away Ju#t th«
same, and she was the only one to drive)
him. Aunt Deborah depended upon her.
It was another ten minutes before the
girl could work up courage enough to
go In after the old shotgun and drag it
forth by its muzzle. But once armed, «h«
felt braver and made her way Along the
path to the barn, whose doors stood wide
open to the summer wind and sunshine.
She approached them cautiously, fesxlns;
that the stranger was In ambush and
ready to spring forth; but as she finally
stood and looked Into the barn, she was
considerably relieved to find the maa
lying at full length on a scant bed of hay.
Robbers do "not generally take a daylight
nap before robbing, and though the mm-^
looked wayworn and somewhat disrepu
table, his face, as far as she could see It,
was not evil looking. Perhaps he was
not a robber.
"Are you— you a robber, or only a com
mon man?" Inquired the girl at last, aa
she hugged the shotgun.
The man sat up and smiled tn a tickly
way, and looked around with a bewildered
air. and it was a minute before ho vague
ly replied: .
By A. S. R.ic2aardsoz\
figure in his arms, and something very
hot trickling, trickling Into his eyes.
It was two days before It all came back
to him, clear and suffocating as an awful
nightmare. He clutched the nurse's hand.
"Where is she?"
"Who?"
"Maude— Miss Allen "
• "Oh, maybe you mean the girl you
snatched out of the ambulance Just in
time. She's coming, round, I guess,
though she had a dreadful prostration."
"I must see her at once," he said in his
old. peremptory fashion.
The nurse laughed. "Well. Just wait
until you can raise your head from the
pniow. You will get a medal or honor
able mention for that work, Mr. James.
You are Quite the hero of the hospital."
By P!*il Bryce.
SADIE LEFT IN CHARGE.
ON THE HOT WAVE'S CREST.
replied McConnell, "while the hay crop
of the North Is eaten by the horses and
mules of the North, and they are not
worth any more after they have eaten the
hay than they were before." .
Of the political orators In California In
I860 E. D. Baker was easily foremost.
He" possessed tho power of infusing Into
his words a fire and passion that capti
vated men's feelings, while It convinced
Among the brilliant speakers on the
Southern side was Harry I. Thornton. It
may have been modesty and It may have
been indifference and It may ha\'e been
the loss of his beautiful and accomplished
wife within a. year after their marriage
that caused him to abandon the political
career in which before the. war he had
eo successfully embarked, and which he
dropped utterly upon his return to Cali
fornia after four years' service In the
Electrons are actual particles of matter,
eo Infinitely small that a microscope with
1.000,000 times the capacity of the most
powerful instrument now in existence
could not discover them.
(Copyright, 1003, by T. C. McClure.)
[, p \ A ow « Sadie," said Aunt
sIpS&V'^SF^.II Deborah Warner to her*
?• tv5flx£ At? n ' ece » wno a d come
V^i Irw^" m u down tTom Chicago to
"j> [Xi^G-Sj V\ R pass a month at tho old
. "& h\j£v5» Jj £L farmhouse, "I've got to
[•E sJj-T(»^=i&I drIve to town tnls at "
jmii&*rmsJKii2mm ternoon to sign some
law papers. You'll be left all alone in
charge for three or four hours. Do you
think you'll be scared?"
"What will there be to scare me"?"
asked the girl of 20, who was 'swinging in
a hr.mmock. '
"Why, nothing at allr-If a tin peddler
cornea along you want to shake your head
before he" has time fo get down from, his
wagon. • If a tramp stops and opens -the
And when Billy heard about It all he
said If his broken leg mended In time
he proposed to be best man, because he'd
carried the young surgeon to his lady
love if she was a half-dead one.
"1 want something more than medals,"
said the young doctor, grimly." Then,
while the nurse wondered, he fell asleep.
It was two days more before he could
be pulled Into Maude's room, and very
white and ill he looked, propped up in his
invalid chair. But they settled the mat
ter then and there, for Maude told him
how she had wanted to wait, merely to
see that he_ had not inherited his father's
weakness and lack of ambition, and how,
when htrtfather had died suddenly, leav
ing. his affairs badly entangled, she had
left all for the creditors and come to the
big city to lose herself in the one line of
work for which" she felt fitted.
California did not lack for political ora
tors In 1SG0-61. The work of a canvass
was'more arduous then than now. There
was not a railroad in the State except the
line» from Sacramento to Folsom, and
Journeys we made in Concord coaches.
The meetings were usually held in the
open air. and the auditors thought noth
ing of standing for hours to listen to a
speaker of their choice.
bats of the forum ana yet kindly In cour
tesy to his opponents, he was, Indeed, a
gentleman of the old school.
"There was high gambling In Richmond
in the spring of 1S65," said Harry in re
ply to a question. "I never indulged but
once. I went Into a faro room, bet $20,000
on the Jack, won It and left." What did
you do with the money?" asked a friend.
"I bought a pair of boots with It," replied
Harry.
Henry Edgerton was one of the most
brilliant orators and most fascinating
men that ever delighted public audiences
in the Golden State. His voice in public
speech was magnetic, his presence im
posing,' his manner modest, ' and his
matter original. In the art of ridi
culing an opponent he had no superior,
"The gentleman observes," said Edger
ton in the course of a legislative debate,
"that he fears no man who, like himself,
is of woman born. He exalts himself un
duly. He is endeavoring to obtain credit
for manhood under false pretenses. He is
not the offspring of a woman; he was
born of a brass foundry." Of an editor
who slandered him, Edgerton 'said: "He
lies by day and he lies by night, and he
lies for the very lust of lying." Of the
speech in a secession convention of a dis
tinguished San Francisco lawyer of dark
complexion, curly hair, and Hebraic fea
tures and name, Edgerton said: "This
man states that he would not be true to
all the glorious recollections of his an
cestry if his sympathies were not with
If there be those who think th&i "bp«1V
binding" proves financially profitable to
those who follow It let them be disabused
of such an impression. Glory, fun, good
company, promises of promotion that gen
erally are forgotten after election— these
you may have galore, but money— now A
nfembsr of a brass band or a ward heeler
receives more pay than a speaker.
I have canvassed California fourteen
times and have no regrets, for having
given so much time and effort to service
that was uncompensated with money, for
"the song in the hinging of It" and "tha
deed in the doing of It" bring their own
reward. I have read reports at various
times of large sums alleged to have been
paid me for political speeches. I regret
that these stories were not true. Usually
traveling expenses -Jiave been allowed.
Sometimes I have defrayed these myself.
Only once did I receive anything like a
large compensation. That was In 1S3O»
when, weary of politics and Its disap
pointments, and In order to rid myself of
the Importunities of a persistent member
of the State Committee. I named $5000 as
the price of my services for ten speeches.
To my astonishment the committeeman
accepted my terms. In that canvass X
traveled with Senator Stanford and did
my best for the cause and for him, but
honestly, I do not think that I earned the
money. I learned afterward from Sena-,
tor Stanford's testimony before the San
Francisco Grand Jury as to his campaign
expenses that the committeeman who
acted as my walking delegate collected
$10,000 from the Senator for my services.
I made no effort, however, to recover, th*
difference, for the gentleman who mad*
the "rake-oft" Boon afterward went whera
I ehall never see him again— hi* funeral
was largely attended.
"We have brought you something with
which to protect yourstlf." said the first
•cpeaker cheerfully, pulling from his pock
et a pair of Derringer pistols. 'These are
ell loaded and ready," said he. "You had
better carry one in each outside pocket
of your sack coat. In that position you
The death of Senator Broderick at the
hands of Judge Terry the previous year
was still a topic of public and private dis
cussion. At this day I am inclined to the
opinion that the duel between these gen
tlemen was not conducted unfairly, but
such was not the opinion of many of the
friends of Senator Broderick in 1SS0, and
the tpeaier, whether' Republican or Dem
ocrat, who was most affluent in the use
of vituperative English in speaking of
the affxir was likely to receive the largest
nuasurt of applause.
Carried away by the enthusiasm of the
occasion, and unmindful of the adage
which classes the intellectual status of
those who rush in where angels fear to
tread, my remarks concerning the gen
tleman who acted as second for Judge
Terry on that occasion were more pun
gent than parliamentary.
Eariy next morning I received a visit
In my bedroom at the hotel where I was
stopping from two members of the State
Committee of my party.
"Have you received any challenge from
Calhoun Ber.ham on account of your
epeech last night?" said one of the com
mittee. "Why. no." I replied, wondering
ly. "Do they usually send challenges
h«re before breakfast to a man to fight
because of references to a public matter,
made in a public speech the night be
fore?" "Sometimes," replied the other
committeeman. "but I do not think you
will be troubled in that way. They know
that you are a Northern man, and they
will assume that you do not recognize
the code. They will probably In your case
make it a street attack."
(Copyright, 1903, by Thomas Fitch.)
THE steamer Uticle Sam on her up
ward trip from Panama to San
Francisco la August. 1SG0. con
tained among her passengers sev
eral returning delegates from the
national political conventions, and in the
•muking-room and on the promenade deck
political discussion ran high. A
eyed and wooden-legged schoolmaster en
route fur Oregon challenged me to discuss
the political issues of the day. I probably
knew as little about them as he did, but
I accepted his challenge ar.d made my
first public speech on the forward deck of
the eteamer. One of my auditors chanced
to be a member of the State Central Com
mittee of his party, and after we reached
San Francisco this gentleman arranged a
meeting at Plan's Hall, which I accepted
his Invitation to address.
There was no Republican newspaper
then in Butte County, and the posters an
nouncing the meeting were printed at the
office of the Democratic county organ,
and either through accident or with
malice prepense the abbreviation of Thos.
for Thomas In my name was divided by
an unnecessary period and printed as "T.
Hoa. Fitch." "Fellow citizens," said the
chairman, "we have with us a distin
guished orator, lately from Wisconsin—
the right Hon. T. Hos Fitch. Though
young In years he was one of the editors
of the Milwaukee Free Democrat, and he
had written many scurrilous aTtlc'.es in
favor of the Republican party. He Is
well named. When you have heard him
you will conclude that he is not only a
hoss, but a whole team. He spoke the
other night at Orovllle, and never, never
before in all my life, did I listen to such
a magnificent collection of platitudes."
I. was not troubled, however, either by
a challenge or a street attacK Under
the auspices of the State Central Com
mittee I made sixty-two speeches, mostly
in the mountain counties. The Democrats
in California were eaually divided be
tween those who supported Breckinrldge
and those who supported Douglas, tho
first being designated in the political or
gun of the day as the "chivalry," and
the latter as the "Shovelry." Gilbert A.
Grant, who managed the Republican State
committee, declared that there were- two
kinds of Democrats— those who threaten**!
to shoot the top of your head off and
those who promised to knock tho stuffing
out of you. It was this same gentlemen
who was appealed to by his colleagues to
co-operate with them in removing from
the Republican electoral ticket a nominee
who had been indicted in Michigan for
horsesteallng. "Keep him on," growled
Grant. "Keep him on, he will strengthen
the ticket. Half of his constituents have
taken horses."
I shall never forget my introduction to
an audience at Chlco. now a flourishing
city, but then a collection of a few houses
and' shops about Bidwell's mill. The
meeting was hfld in the afternoon and
was attended by hundreds of farmers,
some of whom had come many miles for
that purpose.
rnn gpt at them readily, or you can shoot
through the packets. Don't attempt to
use them except at close quarters. They
are hard on the triggers, so when -you
f re be eure and keep the muzzle down."
"I think," remarked the other committee
man, "that at close quarters you will find
this more useful — " and he pulled from his
pocket a long, glittering, ivory handled
bowie knife, and laid it upon the bed
alongside the pistols.
For a moment I suspected my callers of
indulging in a practical Joke at my ex
pense, but a look at their faces, convinced
me that they were in dead earnest. Nev
ertheless the ridiculous side of this "wel
come to California" struck me keenly,
and 1. could not help laughing as I replied:
"Thank you kindly, gentlemen; I shall
preserve your valuable presents as sou
venirs of your political vigilance and per
sonal friendship, but really I shall feel
safer if I carry them In my trunk rather
than in my pockets."
Confederate army. As an orator he had
•few equals and no superior in the Demo
cratic ranks, and aa a nisi prius" lawyer
in my opinion he outranked John Oarber,
whose'partner he was and in whose shad
ow he lived. Fervid in speech, felicitous
in phrase, magnetic in his influence upon
his hearers, quick to see and occupy a
coign of vantage, relentless In the com-
their reason. He had wu«. *as once said
of MIrabeau. "A tongue of fire steeped in
honey." All his pathos, all his logic all
his gorgeous imagery and graceful elocu
tion were usually, but not always, extem
poraneous. On the eve of an Important
address ha was expected to make a friend
eald to him: "Colonel, have you made
due preparation?" "Nothing." said he,
"but the general preparation of my life."
He had a pleasure in the power of lead
ership of minorities— compact, enthusias
tic, determined minorities, and possessed
in an eminent degree the Napoleonic qual
ity of attaching men to him. He so mar*
netlzed those he liked that they could not
choos« but follow him.
Thomas Starr King mar not be cTssattt
aa a political orator, for his patriotic ex
cursions into tho domain of mere politic*
¦were infrequent, but as a lecturer and
elocutionist he had no peer. The organ
tones of his voice were deep and sweet
and his matter was incomparable, espe
cially in dealing with nature. "My text
this morning," eald he on on* occasion,
"i% a passage from the works of God la
Blsklyou County, entitled Mount Shasta.**
—there followed an hour of entrancing
Imagery. His wit wait quick and not
bitter. Referring to the mining tows of
the Comstock lode (whoso leading mine
was the Ophlr), whose saloons wen fre
quent and whose hillsides abounded with
a small ground squirrel, he said: "Vir
ginia City la a town of Ophir holes, loafer
holes and gopher holes." If Thomas Starr
King could have while speaking freed
himself from the domination of his manu
script—if he could have perfectly mem
orized his addresses, ho would have ha4
no peer as an orator In any English speak
ing land.
John B. Felton was learned In classlo
lore, and a ready after-dinner speaker
At the banquet given to celebrate the vic
tory of A. B. D. Hoffman, whose elec
tion as a Presidential Elector bad b«*n
contested, because of a failure to print all
of his" 1 initials on the ballot. Felton, al
luding to -the Joyous condition of his
client, said: "He has passed his A's and
B's and Is now half C's over." "When
Senator Cole at a banquet exclaimed,
"Why may not Mount Diablo become an
other Olympus?" "Too much coal la
ft," roared Felton.
the Booth to tfcla struggle. Who wera
his ancestors? If ho traces his lineag-a
to Its Inception he will find that while
one of his forefathers was clamoring for
the crucifixion of the Savior of mankind
the -other was nursing; her babe on the
banks of the Congo."
A! Democratic speaker who was almost,
but not quite, an orator was John R. 11 o-
ConnelL He was clever at turning a cor
ner. An opponent quoted from Helper's
"Impending Crisis" to the effect that the
hay crop of the North was worth more
money than the cotton crop of the South.
*Tha cotton" crop Is sold for millions,"
STUMPING EN
CALIFORNIA
T&e
Fifilh ol These
R»emarRable
Articles. .
THE SUNDAY CAfcl*
14
RECOLLECTIONS AND REFLECTIONS
OF THOMAS FITCHTHE SUNDAY CALL,
THE WONDERFUL KINGDOM OF
WONDERFUL THINGS
15
T the rosy dawn of a beautiful morn King Pumpkin and
i <ia £**"-* -liv Set about with vigor great to discover other lands.
f M-A^l B?M Old Grandpa Prune had told the King that in the far-
Were regions rich and wondrous o'er which he could hold sway.
4t If what you say. Grandpa, is true," His Majesty exclaimed,
"I'll make you Governor General of all the land that's claimed."
The venerable subject was given charge of all the work laid out,
And his heart was filled with gratitude when he finally set about
To reach beyond the waters deep and claim the dreamed-of lands.
Wherein were fabulous riches from the hills down to the sands. '
"How shall we reach this land of dreams?' the King in time did ask,
And it was plain he could not see a way to perform the task.
"Leave all to me, O King of mine," old Grandpa grandly said,
"And if I do not find the place we seek you may have my head."
The monarch Blapped him on the back and spoke in earnest tone:
"I ne'er have seen such confidence and such a firm backbone." Tlf'-M
With his power quite unrestricted, old Grandpa set to work, 7
Warning all the laborers with: "Woe to all that shirk."
Accompanied by his foremen and his engineers and all
Grandpa went to the golden beach in time to see a squall.
He had planned to go exploring in tubs of stanchest make,
But the sight of the sea so angry made him fear and quake.
"Ill have to change my plans'," he said, "for we cannot go to sea,
While its bosom is so much disturbed by such wild revelry."
To a shady nook he hied himself, where he could think alone,
And when he showed himself again his face with brightness shone.
"I have a plan," he shouted loud— "a plan that's best of all!
"We'll build a tunnel long and strong and thus escape the squali.
"Your brilliance, subject good of mine," the monarch proudly said,
"Ne'er has seen its equal in the realm of which I'm head.'V
Cheers that rang far out to sea went up for Grandpa Prune,
Who, spurred by this approval, was busy very soon.
Crab Apple and Old Turnip surveyed along the beach, •• .
And the former stood on the latter's back because of his short reach.
Tiny Willie Straw Berry was appointed water boy,
And while he-took his pail about he showed the greatest Joy. _ r
Old Onion carried the heaviest stones because he was so strong,
And our- old. friends 'Squash and Carrot shouldered timbers long.
Happy Pat. Potato gave up his helmet, star and mace
And used a pick so vigorously that drops fell from his face. f-y'-
One of the ablest, workers 'was lovable Bartlett Pear, :||||
Who wheeled the barrow here and there and -almost everywhere.
Dill Pickle carried all the bricks and did his work real well,
And the earnest little Pepper had charge of the dinner bell.
Old Water Melon worked an hour and then said that he .was ill,
But Old Grandpa Prune was very mad and wouldn't pay his bill
The, big old fellow stood near by and smoked a big cigar,
Atid because of this there was some talk of feathers, fire and tar.
It was not long, my sweets, until the tunnel was well started,
And the King, who stood upon the land, was from his subjects parted.
For many a "day the workers dug beneath the waters deep,
A,wi t'v» hrxrA it tnlrt that not one cave a moment up to sleep.
The progress at times was fast and at other times 'twas slow.
And once or twice discouragement in some began to show.
But old Prune, with great assurance, said that the time was near
When the land of dreams should come to view and give to all. great cheer*
On the morn of the fortieth day great terror came to all,
And for once the brave old Grandpa Prone felt courage growing «r"*n.
A thousand miles away from home the last light flickered out!
And left the willing workers to grope hopelessly about.
"1 do not see what we can do but to do the best we can,"
Said Grandpa Prune in manner calm, for he knew not what 1 to plan. *
"Well dig ahead as we have dug and only hope for the best.
And I know that every one of us will work with added rest."
, \ ¦ • <'.•' .^'•v? • - ¦•
Dig they did with courage new, and — lo! what came to pass-
Many avenues were made beneath the home of the speckled bass.
Pat Potato dug one way and came up near Dublin town,
Wherein in after years, my sweets, he gained his great renown.
A crowd of Peaches dug southwest; and they did not badly fare,
For some came up in Michigan and some in Delaware.
The lumbering Crookneck Squash, .'tis said, and of course it must be so,
Arose to the surface of the land near the town of Kokozno.
Among -the flowers of Florida plump Pine Apple came to view,
And of course his history- long and great is known to all of yon.
Tiny Straw Berry dug his way to a beautiful patch of sand .
Where he with gladness in his heart took up a permanent stand.
I should like to tell you all about experiences of the rest,
Arid of how the willing workers put their mettle to the test,
But I shall rest and try to think, and at some future date .
Perhaps I'll tell you more, about the kingdom and its greatTprrcrß are the names of the
•ixty lucky children who woa
prlres In the | puzzle contest—
the E"ame» of Boats— publiaaed
In The Sunday Call cf October 4:
Elaine Btandlsh, 12T5 Waller
street, San rrandsooj Helen TTrban,
Pctaluiaa; Margaret Zlegler, Btock
ton; James Staples, Stockton; Amy
Bice, Santa Cruz; Helen Hathway,
Vallejo; Carl Buckner, 3621 Twen
tieth street, Ban Francisco; Leo An
derson, Vallejo; Gene Cert, 1615 Cali
fornia street, San Francisco; Mar
guerite Hughes, 1454 Guerrero street,
Ban Francisco; Elmina Schuster, 130
Julian avenue, San Francisco; B,uth
Dewey, San Baxael; MUner Sharp,
Los Angeles; W. A. Murphy, 3 8
Joyce street, Ban Francisco; Bobert
Krue^er, 62 5 Mission street, San
Francisco; Marguerite Hutchison, 152
Sanchez street, San Francisco; Ethel
Bcott, 4 15 6 Twentieth street. Ban
Francisco; Frank Lash, Suisun; Loris
Kennedy, Pasadena; Bobert Arnold,
Eden Vale; A. Wiedenbeck, Bakers
field; Irene Woods, 1252 Campbell
street, Oakland; , Annie Cumbelich,
1516 Seventh street, Oakland; Ber
nice Moldrup, 439 Haight street, San
Francisco; Irene Jordan, 922 O'Far
rell etreet, San Francisco; F. W. Tra
hnn, 815 "Washington street, Oak
land; Lester Wilson, West Berkeley;
Balph Aver, Grass Valley; Ellen
Peterson, Menlo Park; Lottie Brown,
Hilton; Harvy Johnston, Santa Cruz;
Buth Wiles, Tulare; Miriam Hum
phrey, Carson, Nev.; Belma Frazier,
Sacramento; Mary McAndrews, Mill
Valley: Dorothy Duncan, 904 MeAl-
lister street, San Francisco; Arthur
Polger, Mill Valley; B. H. Chad
bourne, Suisun; Clara Beard, Center
ville; EUnor Hall, 1319 Halght street,
San. Francisco; Fred Jensen, Hay
•wards; Tom Kennon, Point Bich
raond; A. Battersby, Fairfleld; A. Pro
eek, 1215 Stanyan street, San Fran
dseo; Charles Bennett, 451 Deviaa
dexo street, Basx Francisco; Albert
J&BXgo, 240 0 Pacific avenue, San
Francisco; Charles Peterson, 1118
East ' Nineteenth street, Oakland;
Frank Burton, Stockton; Irving Mar
tin, Stockton; Clara Vogel, San Ba
fael; Gladys Ouznxnings, 1400 Wash
ington street, Ban Francisco; Lester
Welch, Dixssnd; Balph Gregory, Pa
d<V^ Grove; Leland Olsen, Vaeavillo}
Charles Peabody, Vallejo; "Walter
Orashj, fill Thirty-third street, Oak
land) Dorothy Ash, 14 Eureka street,
San Francisco; Jiles Vergon, 207
EdegaM avenue, Berkeley) Ivy
Bauer, 1603^4 FUlmore street, San
Fncnclßoo; A. Schloh, 8900 Twenty
fourth «treet, Baa Francisco,
THESE ARE
THE SIXTY
PRIZE
WINNERS
OF OCT. 4.
THE SUNDAY CAJSL.
These P^ctu^s / vß«pr*s«n*v R«pr*s«n* Nine .pitf&orfc Th^iS* P«»
v tafrifnS *? a •Garrie of Sas<sbaTT—N a l'P^ Th^W
aiid Win a VaTUabT^ &rtz£.
SEND IN YOUR PICTURES.
PTVE BOYS, THREE CURLS.' Eight clever prize ¦winners In all on this page til* weak. Thai is ft
gain of one over last week. Keep creeping up, don't they? Of course this doee not moan that they •*•
not coming: in to the Puzzle Editor faster than that, for indeed they are. In fact the Puzzla Editor
will soon be veiy nearly swamped, but that is what makes this puzzle pays such raxa fun. Bat
though the pictures are being received in such, an array you must bear la mind, children, that toma
pictures do not maka good half tones, which means that they are too small or too Indistinct or too much
faded or too. badly scratched in coming through the mails to print well. And after winning such a beau
tiful prize you wouldn't want to see 'a poor picture of yourself on this page, would you? Of course not.
Neither would the Puzzle Editor, and that is one of the reasons why the pictures are not being printed In
greater numbers. Many of the prize winners are being written to "personally,, with the foregoing expla
nation and a request for a better picture if possible. However, that difficulty Is easily overcome and—
well Just keep your eye on this page. You will find it full of surprises in the very near future.
V ' So remember this; You will all have a chance not only to win a prize, but to get your picture pufc
lished as well. The Puzzle Editor wants ail prize winners from now on to send in their pictures— th»
whole sixty every week if possible. '-Begin right now. Don't wait. The more the merrier. There can't be
too many., But remember only the prize winners can have their pictures published.
. . rr < ..Each of the Nine pictures in this, the eighth contest of the FIFTH SERIES of Name Puzzles, rep
resents something pertaining to a baseball game. Can you guessf Ah! There is rich reward for you if
you can. Now. is your chance. Remember there will be a SPECIAL $5 and $10 prize for the highest per
centage of the whole thirteen weeks of the Fifth Series.
* And now listen carefully: THESE ABE SI^TY PRIZES, and this Is what you must do to win
•a* of them: ."..-"
'¦'.: i Find the name of nine different things pertaining to a baseball game represented by the Small Puz
¦!• Pictures on this page,' and write them out In full in the space opposite theproper corresponding ntua
b«r provided for the purpose In th» ; coupon on this page, as per direct!© as; fill In the coupon with your
name and address and: the prize yo u" desire— lf you win— and send the picture, with the coupon attached,
to the ZDITORI 07 '.THE ) NAME * PUZZLE PAGE; Sunday Call, San Francisco, CaL
REMEMBER— To the FIBST - SIXTY BOYS AND GIKXS who «olva the 371ne ITuu Puzzles
ooxroctly, . one of these SIXTY BE A U TLtf U L PRIZES will be awarded. ;
_¦': And dont forget this next point, because it Is Very important: ALL ANSWERS MUST REACH
(THIS OFFICE BY FRIDAY NOON. This givea [all tlose In the country an equal chanc» to compete,
fcead •veTyiaiins;;on>thls:pa^^to: bejsure. that 'you overlook nothing that will help yon to win a prlza.
'7 .'^THB NAMES OF, THE LUCITr : WIIX BB PTJBLISHED LN" THE SUNDAY CAUt
SPWO WEEKS FROM TO-DAY, Noveanbei' 1. !-: J
¦ '^'Ti^^w'.thyi'WJßyTY^EAUTlJf'UL BOOKS from which you may select If yon solve all the pta
¦jta* t ootrectly: , ; Treasura Island, by ; ' Stevenson ; - Two Years *; Before the Mast, by Dana ; Samantha at
Baxmtogailby-Holley;. Tom Brown's School Days, by Hughes; A Christmas Carol, by Dickeas; A Dog of
Flanders, by Ouldaj Gulliver's Travels, by Swift; The Magio Nuts, by Molesworth; The Little Lame
Princ«, l by:Mnlock;,The»Bllthed»le Eomanco, by Hawthorne; Kidnaped, by Stevenson; Uncle Tom's
Cabtnv;by^HB^et'j|eecher Stows j" Through the Looklrg-glass andvWhat Aiice Found There, by Carroll;
Vio^-The Autobiography '"otOiiVox Terrier, by Marsh; Bip Van Winkle, by^ Irvine; BAb and His Friends,
by^Brown; The Courtship "of MUepiStimdlsh,>,by£^ngfeUow;' The;Adv«ntux«jrf a Brownie, by Mulockj
Black Beauty, by ' Sewell, and Laddie and Miss Toosey's Mission.
'$ '. 3> j OB j A" BOX V OP SUPEBF INE rBENCH^PAINTS.
16
OUR NAME PUZZLE'S
Solve the Puzzles,
Pill Out the Coupon
and Send It to
the Fuzzle Editor,
Sunday Call, S. F.
To Puzxl* Editor, Sunday Call,
San Francisco:
Below la their proper nica-
bera pleasa find my solution of
th« names of Ulna Different
Things pertaining to baseball
represented In this week's
Hame Puzzles.
•••**•¦*••••»•••••••••«.¦.»••••
• **mmwB»»wnum*9namaaM ¦¦¦¦¦¦
• JiuiiiiiiniufnuuiaiMM
• . ¦ ¦¦ ¦ ¦¦¦¦
I., ¦.... I ¦¦III!
• October IS, 1SC3,
XXOM MBMMMMUMM*
III— t C?. ft — < MWBH11IM •
Stats a^HmmMnnaMnm
If S via Z cboow fwr prfx«Sunday Call Comic SectionTHE SUNDAY CALL,THE SUNDAY CALI*.THE SUNDAY CALI*SAN FRANCISCO, SUNDAY, OCTOBER 18, 1903-FORTY-EIGHT PAGES-
PRldB^ElVE J^ENTS.
mi 32
TULARE, Oct. 17.— At 6 o'clock to-night
City Marshal George Martin was fatally
shot by William James, a saloon-keeper
of Tipton. James was drunk . and : disor
derly and when Martin arrested him in a
Front-etreet saloon he resisted, ¦ shooting
the officer through. the lower part of the
body. The two physicians who are. work
ing over the victim say he can live but a
few hours. James was taken to • Vlsalia
by Sheriff Collt-fl
Crime Is Committed as a Result of
Attempt to Make an Ar
rest.
NOISY SALOON-KEEPER.
SHOOTS A CITY MARSHAL
Like Honor Is in Store for Mgr.
Calligali, Bishop of
, Padua.
ROME, Oct. 17.-At the consistory which
is to be held at the end of November
Mgr. Calligali, Bishop of Padua, and Mgr.
Merry del Val. acting Secretary of State,
will be made Cardinals. One of these two
will be appointed Papal Secretary of
State. No foreign Cardinals will b« ap
pointed.
PARIS, OcL 17.-Le Petit Parisen pub
lishes a dispatch from Rome In which it
is stated that Monslgnor L«r<:nzelli. Papal
Nuncio here, will be promoted to be a
Cardinal in epit« of the failure of the
French Government to recommend such
promotion. The dispatch states ihat Mon
«Ignor LorenzelJ! may be appointed Papal
Secretary of State.
MEEEY DEL VAL WILL
BE MADE A CARDINAL
Government Engineer Urges Study
of Conditions and Enactment
of Favorable Laws
LIMA, Peru, Oct. IT.— Government En
gineer Elmore, who was commissioned to
investigate regarding the Pan-American
Railway project, has submitted a report
in which be says the railway will shortly
be built and that the Government of Peru
should crder a complete study to be made
of the plans for the undertaking, should
obtain from Congress a law freeing tho
concern from duties and taxes and au
thorizing the Government to raise the
funds necessary for the appropriation of
prh'ate property, and should empower a
committee to manage the entire affair.
PAN-AMERICAN RAILWAY
FINDS FRIEND IN PERU
Premier Zanardelli Insists upon retiring
owing to ill health, and will, it Is report
ed, suggest Blgnor Glolitti, late Minister
of the Interior, as his successor. Several
members of the Cabinet advise a reor
ganization.
ROME. Oct. 17.— The ministerial organ
the Capltale denies that a ministerial cri
sis exists. It gays doctors have advised
Premier Zanardelli to take a rest from
his ministerial duties, and that he has so
informed his colleagues. But, the paper
adds, the Premier has not yet determined
on his course, and says his decision will
not affect the other members of the Min
istry.
The absence of Admiral Moran, Foreign
Minister, and Slgnor di Broglio, Minister
of the Treasury, from the Cabinet council
held to-day, at which was discussed the
situation created by the Czar's abandon
ment of his visit to Rome, prevented a
decision being reached. Upon the return
from France of King Victor Emmanuel
the Cabinet will consider the situation
and determine upon the policy to be
adopted.
Premier Says His Resignation Will
Not Affect Other Members of .
Ministry.
ZANARDELLFS ILLNESS
CAUSE OF RETIREMENT
Special Dispatch to The Call.
XEW YORK. Oct. 17.-After a month's
treatment by the application of the X
rays. Miss Elsie Winkler, 16 years of age,
has been relieved of semi-dally attacks
of epilepsy and her complete recovery
seems almost certain. Miss Wlnkler's
case, presented at the clinics of the Post
Graduate Hospital, has been the object
of much inquiry from physicians Inter
ested in electro therapeutics.
From; a condition where she suffered
attacks on an average of .two each day
with accompanying physical exhaustion
Miss Winkler is now ruddy cheeked and
vivacious and declares she is cured.
"I would be glad to discuss the mat
ter," said, her physician, "were it not for
the fact that before long I intend to pre
sent th« record of her case with those
of about twenty others before my col
leagues for their criticism. I would rather
accept the truths left after the most rigid
investigation. As it is I can hardly be
lieve what I have myself seen of the re
sults of the application of X-rays to epi
leptic patients."
From other sources it was learned that
•the majority of cases, treated have re
sponded to the application equally well.
A worklngman who was subject to four
convulsions a day has been treated only
a few weeks and is about . to return to
his work, from which by epileptic attacks
he has been prohibited . for, two j years.
If it is demonstrated that: the discovery
by Dr. Brant effects permanent cures in
this disease, which hitherto has been be
lieved to be Incurable,' there will 'be added
epilepsy to epithelioma, , lupus and sev
eral other diseases which have been made
curable through the agency. of the X-rays."
AMERICAN MINERS SAFE.
Men at Head of Portland Canal Re
i. locate Properties.
VICTORIA. B. C. Oct. 17.— The decision
of the Alaskan Boundary Commission will
not cause loss to the American miners
who are operating on and at the head of
Portland Canal. Some days ago these
miners relocated their properties and ' had
them recorded in the Canadian Mining
Recorder's office in this city. '.
EPILEPSY CURED
BY APPLICATION
OF THE X-RAYS
Whether or not Wickes will again enter
the Cook County divorce courts, with his
fourth wife aa an opponent, will depend
largely upon the decision of his attorney,
William Burry, who arrived from New
York to-day.
Attorney Frederick L,. Devine and Con
stable Frank McDonald were the- two who
rescued Mrs. Wickes and her wearing
apparel from the Drexel boulevard resi
dence last week.. Attorney A. S. Trude,
whose family home Is; opposite the
Wickes 1iome on Drexel boulevard, la
watching Mrs. Wickes' interests if di
vorce proceedings develop.
Mrs. Wickes stoutly maintains that she
has been a virtual prisoner. In her home
for the past six months. Though every
luxury ' which money could supply sur
rounded her and she had servants to obey
every beck and call, she asserts that she
was as effectually cut ofT from the world
as If the windows of the gray stone paJ
ace were latticed with Iron bars and
armed guards stood in front of its heavy
ddt-glass doors.
"My family affairs are not for discus
sion in the newspapers," Is all that
Wickes vouchsafes In reply to his wife's
allegations. As to where she is now shel
tered he emphatically repeats that he does
not know.
CHICAGO, Oct. 17.— Thomas H. Wickes,
vice president of the Pullman Company,
Is again involved in matrimonial difficul
ties. His young bride has left his man
sion and the palace car magnate curtly
disclaims any knowledge of her where
abouts. She effected her escape from the
mansion through the assistance of a con
stable and an attorney, and is now sup
posed to be hiding with friends on the
South Side.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
. The fire is still raging and it is an in
spiring spectacle as the flames leap from
the timber and brush. The entire damage
cannot be estimated, but it will run into
thousands of dollars.
MILES OF FLUME LOST.
Five miles of f.ume belonging to the
Ban Antonio Water Company were eaten
up by the hu:igry blaze. While putting
out the fire on top of his house Kred
Udall was badly burned about the face
and head. His whiskers and hair were
burned off. W. L. Hall suffered heavy
Iocs. He had a long private line of flume
ruined. The Ilendrickson and Green
orange packing house was saved by hard
fighting, as was the adjoining house of
H. H. Hughes. Many trees in the outer
rows on the orange, k-mon and almond
Sroves along the foothills were ruined.
Thousands of acres of mountainside are
now black and charred.
This morning the wind carried the
flames to the northwest. Within three
hours time the houses of C. E. Sackett.
Edward Senior and W. J. Davies were de
stroyed. The latter also lost his pumping
plant, water tanks and outhouses. The
barn of James C. I^eslie was burned and
his house caught fire, but neighbors
saved It. He lost many stands of bees.
They wcu'd have been paved, but the an
gTy bees drove the fin-men away. One
man was badly stung.
CAUL FOB, ASSISTANCE.
In answer to the first call fifty men
were sent out in carriages and on horse
back. The farmers and residents of the
vicinity were also fighting. At one time
this afternoon several hundred people
were battling- with flames in the various
canyons. That the Thatcher school
buildings and the Smith Academy were
not destroyed was due entirely to the
wind and the heroic efforts of the stu
dents.
All the Nordhoff stores were closed to
day to allow the men to go to the foot
hills and fight the roaring blaze. Every
able firefighter was brought into service.
The conflagration soon spread in many di
rections and the forces were divided.
The Sre started near the Casa de Piedra
school. It seems that Miss Elizabeth
Smith started a brush fire near the school
and a stror.s wind scattered: the sparks.
Headmaster S. D. Thatcher_ca"Iled out the
pupils to prevent damage. . This was at
10 o'clock and before noon Thatcher wa.s
compelled to telephone to Postmaster
Smith at Nordhoff for assistance.
VENTURA, Oct. 17.— A devastating
mountain fire swept over the foothills of
the Ojai Valley to-day. It is now raging
alo:ig the mountain tops. The flames de
stroyed farm dwellings. Irrigation sys
tems, pumping plajjts, fruit trees, bees,
feed and timber.
Speclel r*«p»tch to Th« Call.
The defendants renewed their bonds for
a new trial and District Attorney Mc-
Pherson was unabie to state whether
there would be another hearing of the
case set for the present term of court.
While neither side indicated any gratifi
cation over the result, it was evident that
the many employes of the Government
who were present were disappointed.
Judge Thompson then questioned the
jury as to the probability of reaching an
agreement and was advised that there
was no such probability, without addi
tional instruction.
While there were unconfirmed reports
that the jury stood seven to five for con
viction, it was generally understood in
the courtroom that the jury was unable
to agree as to whether Miller had any
connection with tha dealings between
Ryan and Johns, or as to whether there
was any conspiracy between the defend
ant?.
The disagreement of the jury was gen
erally regarded as somewhat favorable to
the defendants, as the Government had
shown its hand fully in this trial. The
jury was considering the case for six and
one-half hours. It was undisturbed from
5 until 11:10 o'clock, when Judge Thomp
son sent for it, and the jury asked for
further instructions. Judge Thompson
then told the.jury he would instruct them
about any matter of law. but i.ey must
settle matters of facts among themselves.
He directed the jury to retire again and
submit their request for further instruc
tions In writing. At 11:35 o'clock the Jury
came in again and. In writing 1 ; reported
as follows:
"We are unable to agree upon a matter
of fact."
CINCINNATI, Oc* 17.-The jury 1n the
case of Daniel Voorhies Miller and
Joseph M. Johns, on trial in the Federal
Court here all week on the- charge of an
alleged conspiracy to extort a bribe, re
ported shortly before midnight that it was
unable to agree, and was discharged by
Judge Thompson. The trial attracted un
usual attention, as it was the first one
under the many recent Indictments for
alleged frauds in the Postofflce Depart
ment. Four days were devoted to the
taking of evidence and the fifth day to
tho very vigorous arguments of attorneys.
General liobb and many c!erl:s from tne
department at Washington. Chief Coch
ran and many other postofflce inspectors
and others from Washington were here
assisting in the prosecution, and the
charge to the jury was an unusually
strong one.
Hundreds of Men Leave
Shops to Stay the Ruin
ing Conflagration.
Present Their Full Showing
of Evidence Only to Be
Defeated.
Fourth Marital Venture of
Pullman Car Magnate
a Failure.
Dwellings Destroyed
by a Resistless
Blaze.
Outcome Disappointing
to Government ?
Officials.
Lawyer and Constable
Aid in Rescue of
Bride.
Thomas E Wickes
Turns Mansion
Into Jail.
Miller and Johns
Score the First
Victory.
Ojai Valley Towns
Imperiled by
Flames.
FIRE ROARS
NEAR HOMES
OF FARMERS
HOLDS WIFE
CAPTIVE IN
HIS PALACE
JURORS FAIL
TO AGREE IN
POSTAL CASE
Continued on Page 22, Column. 4.
EFFECT OF THE DECISION.
the United States Fixed It.
Alaskan Boundary Is Left Just as
WASHINGTON. Oct. 17.— Secretary Hay
to-night received a cablegram from Lon
don announcing that the Alaskan boun
dary commission expected to hand down
a decision on Monday, but that no tlnai
agreement had been reached. No further
details of the cablegram were given out.
Commenting on the press dispatches, a
high administration official said:
"While' the Alaskan boundary commU-
Under the statue was found the skele
ton of , a powerful man, probably the
blacksmith represented by the statue.
Coins discovered in the same grave show
that the man was buried in the year 98,
during the reign of Trojan. The statue
has been transferred to the Musee Carna
valet, where it is now exhibited.
PARIS, Oct. 17.— A remarkable statue of
a blacksmith, of the Gallon-Roman period
has : .been excavated ' in Paris ' in a
small cemetery in , Rue Cassini, near
the observatory.. The figure wears a
striped cap. The face is broad and
beardless- and! the features are very
expressive. It is the. only genuine
statue of a blacksmith of ancient times In
Paris. AH others are mere figures of
Vulcan.
Special Cable to The Call "and New York
Heraltl. Copyright, 1903. by the New York
; -Herald Publishing Company.
ANCIENT STATUE
OF BLACKSMITH
IS UNEARTHED
Davis and Tedford were policemen.
Dudenhaven was a lawyer. and Cantwell
a politician. The conspiracy of, which the
defendants were' found; guilty. Is said to
have been, hatched . durinsr the month of
July,: 1902. William Hickey. a, young man,
and his mother 'went before' State's At
torney : Deneen and declared' they: were
the victims of a conspiracy. Mrs. Hickey
said that she had been approached by
Tedford, who" agreed to keep, her, son out
of. the penitentiary if a sum of -money
would -bo. paid. /The plan was to spirit
some important witnesses from the State
in order to ' prevent their- appearing
against Hickey.
tween them a chivalrous affection seldom
known inUhese days.. '_\ .
When it 'was found necessary to remove
Chaffee to Oakland that he might receive
medical I aid, the men were broken-heart
ed, .and it was predicted at that time that
Chamberlain could not V>ng endure his
life of sorrow and loneliness. •••'. ¦•>r.-Vr
CHICAGO," Oct. 17.— The jury in the
Hickey conspiracy case to-day returned
verdicts of guilty- against Josh'ua* Ted
ford, William Davis, David Dudenh&ven
and '• Frank Cantwell. Tcdford | and Dud
enhaven were . sentenced to the' peniten
tiary. Cantwell was fined J30O and Davis
$250. ¦ : • : - • ; ¦ ¦ ¦
VERDICTS OF GUILTY • } - '
AGAINST CONSPIRATORS
Policemen, Lawyer and Politician In
vite Bribe to Save Criminal
From Prison. •
HEAD OF THE ALASKAN TRIBUNAL, AMERICA'S . REPRESENTATIVES AND MAP SHOWING , THE* BOUND
ARY AS FIXED BY THE UNITED STATES AND SUSTAINED BY THE COMMISSION, WITH THE EXCEP
TION OF PORTLAND CANAL AND THE INSIGNIFICANT ISIiANDS AT ITS MOUTH.
tion of those in relation to the
Portland Canal, which Canada wins. All
that now remains to be done is for the
Commissioners to affix their signatures
to the decision and complete- the map
which will accompany it. On the . map
will be marked the boundary line, defi
nitely fixing the division of American and
British territory on such a basis that no
American citizen will lose a foot of land
he already believed he held, while the
United States will get all the waterways
to the rich Alaskan territory, with the
exception of the Portland Canal, which
gives Canada the one outlet she so much
needed.
The long-standing dispute was settled
only after a week of keen, trying, secret
deliberations between the arbitrator?.
Even up to noon to-day there was an
acute possibility that a disagreement
might result and the whole proceedings
fall to the ground. Lord Alverstone.
though openly Inclined to believe in tho
Justice of the American argument that
the United States was entitled to the
heads of Inlets, as contained in question
5. held out that Canada had established
her case in questions 2 and 3, including
the Portland Canal.
After luncheon Senator Lodge. Secre
tary Root and Senator Turner agreed to
cede those points and start the American
boundary line from the head of the Port
land Canal, thus giving the Canadians
that channel and some small Islands on
which there are only a lew disused store
houses. This accomplished, the majority
of the tribunal agreed to fix, with this
exception, the entire boundary as out
lined in the American case.
Whether, Aylesworth ana Jett. the Cana
dian Commissioners, will refuse to sign
the decision and make It unanimous Is
not known, but It will not affect the
validity of the agreement If a minority
report Is submitted. By Monday after
noon, it is hoped. . everything will be
ready for signature, though the actual
making of the line on the map which *hall
forever determine the respective tenito
rles will occupy some time.
The majority of the Commissioners left
the Foreign Office early this afternoon in
order to catch trains tor week-end visits
to the country. Nothing had occurred
which led the few onlookers even to sus
pect that the dispute had reached its
practical end. The commissioners them
selves are still bound to secrecy until th«
decision Is- actually rendered and prac
tically few others were aware how great
a degree of success had attended tho ef
forts of the American members of that
tribunal.
~gm- ONDON, Oct. 17.— The Alaskan
fa Boundary Commission to-<lay
S reached an agreement whereby
B all of the American contentions
" are sustained, with the excep-
Port/and Canal All
That Is Left to the
Dominion.
James H. Chaffee, who was the "Pard
ner" In the celebrated story, passed away
at an Oakland sanitarium on July. 31 last."
He was 80 years old. "Tennessee"- Cham
berlain and Chaffee had been* friends since
January 10, ¦ 1849, • and * there existed • be-
CHINESE CAMP, Oct. 17.-J.-P. Cham
berlain, an old and respected resident of
Groveland, in this county, and one of the
heroes of Bret Harte's . famous "Tennes
see's Pardncr.'V shot and killed himself at
his home at Second Garrote to-day during
a tit of despondency. .
Since the death of his old comrade,
Chaffee, he had lived alone. , On account
of Harte's book Chamberlain's' riamei as
well as his home, came Into world-wide
'prominence.*' He left a note saying: that
ho had lived to j his eighty-first, birthday,
was getting too, feeble _ for manual labor
and would choose death. '
BRET HARTE'S
"TENNESSEE"
ENDS HIS LIFE
Pages 21 to 32
¥N the settlement of the Alaskan boundary dispute, after years of controversy, America has scored a sweeping victory over Can
*¦ ada. The Arbitration Commission concedes the justice of the American contention upon all points, with the exception that
Portland Canal is given to Canada. Thus the Dominion is left with but a single outlet to the great gold fields of the Northwest and
the Arctic. ,
UNITED STATES SCORES A SWEEPING VICTORY OVER CANADA
IN THE DECISION OF THE ALASKAN BOUNDARY COMMISSION
VOLUME XCIV— NO. 140.
The San Francisco CallBaltimore Sails for Jlanila.
NEW YORK. Oct. 17.— The United
States cruiser Baltimore started on her
voyage to the Philippines to-day. She
»i!l irtop at Norfolk and from that port
will accompany a fleet of five torpedo
boat destroyers on their trip to the Phil
ippines. These vessels are the Decatur
th* BainbrJdjre, the Barry, the Chauncey
and the Dale.
GRASS VALL1/T, Oct. 17.— Attacked by
a ferocious wild boar and treed for three
hours was the exciting experience of
George Trezlse of this city while on a
quail hunting trip.
Trezise became separated from his com
panions and in the wilds on Wolf Creek
came on a monster boar, which charged
Grass Valley Man Climbs
a Tree to Avoid
Peril.
HUNTER ESCAPES
FEROCIOUS BOAR
CHICO. Oct. 17.— Nathaniel Reed, a resi
dent of Oakdale, one of the southern
suburbs of Chico, was thrown from his
v.agon, run over and mangled this after
noon. He was bringing a wagon loaded
with lumber down a etecp grade on th€
Cohasset road, when his team ran away.
He kcjtt his peat for a time, but the team
F'jon got under frightful headway an-!
P.ecd was thrown forward, the wagon
running over him. crushing one arm to a
pulp and otherwise injuring him. One ear
was torn from his head. He has not re
covered consciousness and is reported to
be dying.
BUTAWAY ON A GRADE
FATALLY INJURES DRIVER
Postmasters? commissioned: Washington
—Jesse D. Hall, Bossburg; John M. Flo
den, Liberty. Oregon — Mary E. Wall,
Early.
Additional rural free delivery service
(routo No. 2) will be established Novem
ber 18 at Vlsalia, Tulare County, Cal. !
Army order— First Lieutenant H. . A.
Hanagan, Fifth Infantry, from Depart
ment of California to join his company at
Plattsburg Barracks, N. Y.
him. Trczise was afraid to trust to his
gun; which was loaded with line bird
shot, so fie dropped It and swung him
self Into the branches of a tree after a
thrilling race.
Three hours later hi3 companions found
him there with the boar on guard. They
wounded the big beast, which disappeared
in the thick brush.
WASHINGTON, Oct. "17.— Postomce dis
continued. October 31: California—Suth
erland, San Diego County, mall to Ra
mena.
OF INTEREST TO PEOPLE
OF THE PACIFIC COAST
§
m
ANN ARBOR. Mich., Oct. 17.— Professor
Charles T. Green, member of the depart
ment of engineering at the University of
Michigan and famous the world, over as
an engineer, died last night of paralysis
of the heart, aged 60 years.
Famous Engineer Dies.
ABHEVILLE, N. C. Oct. 17.— Dr. J. E.
Jay. a. prominent" physician- residing near
Asheville, to-day killed his three children,
aged 2, .4 and 5 years, using a hammer as
the weapon. He then set fire to his home.
The flames were extinguished by neigh
bors.
Kills His Three Children.
After the business session of the day
a; banquet participated in by Senator
Hanna, President Gompers, members of
the federation, leading business men -and
labor leaders was held.
Senator Hanna, as did a number of the
other speakers, including those for capi
tal and labor, advised conservatism In
all 41sputes between both Bides and
praised the elements of labor organiza
tions. Labor leaders ' and employers be
lieve that the conference has done much"
in bringing the wage earners and the cap
italists together in an effort to establish
more harmonious relations and they ex
pressed gratification at .what they re
garded as a right step toward this de
cision.*
• Gompers had listened to the arguments
of the representatives of capital and
labor who had come from various parts
of the country to discuss questions that
would aid in bringing them closer to
gether. It was in reply to one of the
speakers, the editor of a New York paper,
who at the session of the day- before
took occasion to tell the employes,
in the event of a possible financial reac
tion, not to make any unreasonable de
mands on the employers, that Gompers
spoke of the harm that would follow any
attempt > to lower wages. President
Gompers answered many of the charges
made by the speakers and took particu
lar exception to some of the statements
made.
CHICAGO. Oct. 17.— A warning to capi
tal against cutting wages if financial de
pression comes, by President Gompers of
the American Federation of Labor, and a
plea for harmony between employers and
toilers by Senator Hanna were made at
the closing session of the National Civic
Federation conference to-day.
Qompers Tells of Harm
That Would Follow
v Such Attempt. ,^
Maps, pictures, affidavits and informa
tion regarding the property and work now
being done wftl be furnished free upon
application to A. P. Fuller, secretary, or
"W. G. Rifenburg. E. M.. at the office of
the company, suite 402. Callaghan build-
Ing, 1212 Market street, San Francisco,
who will personally be glad to assist any
Interested person to a clear understanding
of this opportunity, and any persons who
are desirous of seeing this property the
company would be pleased to show them
the ground and pay all expenses if a suffi
cient amount of stock would be pur
chased, provided the proposition proved
as represented.
If there are any readers of this paper
who desire to stand In in a small way on
this wonderfully rich proposition they are
advised to put In their applications at
once. a3 the opportunity will last but a
very short time, for more than one-half
the money required Is now In the treas
ury. '
This stock Is absolutely non-assessable
and non-forfeltable. If any subscriber la
unable to meet deferred payments It Is
arranged so that stock for every dollar
he has paid will be issued him.
The incorporators of the company have
subscribed a number of thousand dollars
for the preliminary work of getting to
gether the necessary material for work-
Ing this proposition, and now they have
concluded to place a limited amount of
the treasury stock within the reach of
small investors on monthly payments, if
desired, on the following terms, the par
value of the shares being $100, % and tho
company being Incorporated for ' 10,000
shares. This small amount of stock will
be sold at $25.00 per share. $5.00 per share
being cash and the balance at the rate of
$3.00 per month. The day the' dredger is
installed the company will have an In
come of $1COO.OO a day, and as the company
does not owe a dollar no more stock will
be sold and the dividends will begin' im
mediately. Not only will dividends be
paid, but the stock will advance to par at
once.
The company owns two and a half mile*
of this creek at the point shown In the
picture. The ground is free from logs or
large bowlders, and can be successfully
worked by a dredger of modern . type.
Such a dredger will be incorporated, and
will handle 2C00 cubic yards of gravel per
day of twenty-four hours, with modern
concentrators for working the black sand.
These dredgers are no experiment, aa they
are to-day working: successfully In nearly
every gravel mining camp on this conti
nent, as well as in South Africa. The
profits from such a dredger at Calaveritaa
would be over $1000 a day net. Samples of
the free gold and black sand heretofore
mentioned can be seen at the office of the
company in San Francisco.
BED OF CALAVERITAS CREEK
AT CALAVERITAS.
WARNS AGAINST
CUTTING WAGES
The people of British Columbia ex
pected to receive much more at the hands
of the Commissioners, but as one of the
officials of the British Columbian Gov
ernment said this morning:
"If the people of the province find that
the case has been rendered on its merits
and on its merits alone, they will accept
the decision frankly; but if, as has been
the case in other arbitrations where this
province has freen affected, and notably
the pelagic sealing arbitration, the deci
sion has been reached as a diplomatic ar
rangement between Great Britain and the
United States, it will cause extreme irri
tation in Canada, whose people are be
coming tired of being garlanded with
flowers and sacrificed to make diplomatic
arrangements between Great Britain and
the United States. British Columbia ex
pected much more and cannot see on
what grounds the decision was given
against them."
I VICTORIA, B. C, Oct. 17.— Pending the
receipt of full details regarding the de
cision of the Alaskan Boundary Commis
sioners in London, British Columbia Is
suspending judgment, and beyond expres
sions of keen disappointment at the de
cision, which concedes everything to the
United States with the exception of Port
land Canal, officials will say little on the
matter. ..
Feeling Exists That Diplomacy Is
Behind Boundary Affair.
BRITISH OOI/TJMBIAJIS ANGRY.
To the Calaveras Dredging and Mining
Company, San Francisco— Gentlemen: I
have finished the examination of your
property, situated at Calaveritas. I find
by careful free tests that the gravel will
pay 60 cents per cubic yard In free gold,
this principally from surface work; that it
contains seven pounds of black sand; that
a portion of It is the richest I have ever
worked. The lowest recovery was forty
one ($41.00) dollars per ton; the highest
was six thousand ($6000.00) dollars in gold,
the richest sand known to me ' on the
globe. It is a great mystery to me jthat
this has not been worked before. How
ever, I obtained the values and am pre
pared to do so again.
Th« richest sand I ever tested before
was from the Porcupine district, in Alas
ka, it running two thousand three hun
dred ($2300.00) dollars per ton. I frequent
ly find values as high as two hundred and
fifty ($2d0.00) dollara to three hundred
($300.00) dollars per ton. I believe your re
coveries will not be less than three mil
lion ($3,000,000.00) dollars from this deposit.
I consider your selection good, and must
recommend you to invest and push this
to a finish. Taking the situation and nat
ural advantages, a better property will be
hard to find.
There is no method that will surpass
the modern dredger 'for working gravel
and recovering gold. There are hundreds
of them now working. The modern
dredger is with us and has come to stay,
licspectiully yours,
(Signed) W. G. KIFENBURG. E. M.
Mr. Rlfenburg hastened to San Fran
cisco, and after co-operating with a few
gentlemen formed a company, to be
known as The Calaveras Dredging and
Mining Company, to whom he had the
property deeded and made the following
report:
There_is perhaps no more fai^>us min
ing district in the world than Calaveras
County, California. In the early *50's Cal
averitas was a thriving ~mtning camp,
with a population of upward of 2000 peo
ple; money flowed like the water in the
creek by the same name that ran through
the town. In those days mon got rich
separating the gold from the gravel of
the surrounding country with the crude
rcckers then in use. and millions of dol
lars have been carried from this section
on pack mules to the then distant town
of Sacramento, thence to the seaboard at
San Francisco.
Now at this point there are but a few
deserted cabins, an occasional ranch and
the bed of the old stream, dry in sum
mer but a tumbling torrent in the win
ter, while for forty-five years not a pick
or shovel has entered this ground.
Calaveritas is situated on the mother
lode about midway between San Andreas
and Angels Camp, and it was here that
W. G. Rlfenburg, E. M., a miner and pros
pector of years of experience, uncovered
a deposit of gold a few months ago that
proved,, so rich as to dazzle the Imagina
tion of even the most experienced and ac
customed assayers. At a depth of twenty
feet in the bed of this creek he found a
black sand, the assayer's recovery from
which was $6000 per ton in pure virgin
gold, while the free gold was $40 per ton.
Mr. Kifenburg states that this is the rich
est sand In the world yet discovered.
Mr. Rlfenburg announces that the only
way to work this property Is by- a mod
ern dredger. •"
Gravel-Carrying Sand Running $6000 to the Ton Located.
Bed 0! Calaveritas CrecK at Calaveritas Heavy With the
Precious Metals.
RICH GOLD DISCOVERY IN CAL
AVERAS COUNTY
In that year, following the rich discov
eries of gold in the Klondike and 01 her
Yukon districts, as well as in tho Porcu
pine, Canada set up an interpretation of
the treaty never before advanced and un
der it made claim to all the upper part of
Lynn Canal and the Taku, Stikine and
other estuaries from a few miles above
their mouths and to Portland Canal in its
entirety, with a territory adjacent thereto
etlual in size to the State of Massachu
setts.'.. £ ; .. -" ;.-. ; ,, , . "..'. , ,
Several incidents involving the question
of jurisdiction over parts of the lower end
of the "Hslere" or strip of coast lying
near the • theoretical boundary having
arisen previous- to 1892, in that year the
Governments of the United States and
Great Britain entered Into a convention to
delimit or mark out the boundary line.
Little or nothing was done, however, and
the question remained as it was until
1898.
Article III — The line of demarcation between
the posueMons of the high contracting parties
upen the coast of the continent and the islands
of America to the Northwest shall be drawn
in the manner following:
Commencing from the southernmost point
of the Island called Prince of Wales Island,
which polntNJies in the parallel of fifty-four
degrees and forty minutes north latitude, and
between- the "one hundred and thirty-flrst and
one hundred and thlrty^-thlrd degree' of west
longitude (Meridian of Greenwich), the said
line shall ascend to the north along the channel
called Portland Channel, aa far as the point o£
the continent where it strikes the. flfty-nlxth
degree of north latitude: From this last men
tioned point the line of demarcation ehall fol
low the summit of the mountains situated par
allel to the coast, rb :"ar as the point of inter
section of the one hundred and forty- first de
gree of longitude (o£ the same meridian); and
finally, from the $aid point of intersection, the
meridian of the one hundred and ¦ forty-first
degree, in its prolongation aa far as the frozen
ocean, shall form the limit between the Rus
sian and British possessions on the continent
of America to the northwest.
Article IV — With reference to the line of de
marcation laid down in the preceding article,
it ia understood:
First— That the island called Prince of Wales
Island shall belong wholly to Russia.
Second — That wherever the summit of the
mountains, which extend In a direction parallel
to the coast from the flfty-Plxth degree of north
latitude to the point of intersection of the one
hundred and forty-first degree of west longi
tude, shall prove to be at a distance of more
than ten marine leagues from the ocean, the
limit between the British possessions and the
line of coast which Is to belong to Russia, as
above mentioned, ehp.ll be formed by a line
parallel to the windings Cslnuositles) of the
coast, and which shall never exceed the dis
tance of ten marine leagues therefrom.
The articles referred to. written origi
nally in French, the diplomatic language
of the time, translate as follows:
The paramount question before the
Alaskan Boundary Commission was the
interpretation to be put upon articles 3
and 4 of the treaty of 1825 between Great
Britain and Russia, fixing the boundary
line between their respective territories.
These sections were quoted literatim et
verbatim in the treaty of 1867 between
Russia, and the United States, by which
the territories of the former power in
North America were ceded to the latter.
Interpretation of Old Anglo-Russian
Treaty the Issue.
HISTORY OP THE DISPUTE.
OTTAWA, Ont.. Oct. 17.-The Canadian
Government has not yet received official
notice of the decision In the Alaskan
boundary case. If .the decision is a. re
ported, namely, that Portland canal is. to
remain in Canadian territory, there is a
feeling 1 in official circles that the Dominion
has not much to be thankful for. Can
ada, In holding the Portland canal, re
tains Prince of Wales and Pearse Islands,
which overlook Port Simpson, the pro
posed terminus of- tte Grand Trunk Pa
cific It would be inconvenient to have
lost' these islands, but as they were
clearly marked on Vancouver's map as
being in Canada it is difficult to see "how
this could have been done. As the Gov
ernment has no official information, none
cf the Ministers will speak on the subject
for publication. J .
North of Port^Simpajon Canada will
have no harbor and no outlet on the Pa
cific Coast from the Yukon gold fields.
In the House of Commons to-day Gour
ley, member from Colchester, N. 8..
whose speeches in the House have gained
for him much notoriety, took occasion to
refer to the decision In the Alaskan
boundary case. He said: ' v
"If the news is correct that we hear in
Sensational Speech in the Canadian
' House of Commons.
CALLS BRITONS DEGENERATES.
slon has not handed down a formal deciB
lon, the press announcement may be tak
en as a correct forecast of the nature of
the decision, which probably will be made
public on Monday. The contention of
the United States regarding the Portland
canal was the weakest part of the Amer
ican case and the strongest point in the
Canadian contention. It is but a minor
detail of the controversy. The Canadi
ans contended that the Portland canal
ran to th© north of two small Islands;
the American contention was that the
channel ran alongside of these islands.
On this point there was ground for argu
ment. Pearse Island and the other Bmall
Island are both of little or no importance
and their acquisition gives Canada prac
tically no additional advantage. The de
cision of the Alaska, boundary commission
will be a complete victory for the United
States."
State Department officials naturally are
profoundly gratified that an agreement
has been reached favorable to the Ameri
can contention. As was pointed out to
night by a high official, the decision is a
"complete Justification of our claims, an
evidence of the skill with which the
American case has been presented and a
trlbuteUo the fairness and broadmlnded
ness of the British member of the com
mission, Lord Chief Justice AlverstonS."
The effect of the decision, it Is said here,
is to leave the Alaskan boundary practic
ally where it is now. The main point of
the Canadian contention Involved th* out
let from the Klondike gold field at the
head of Lynn canal, Including the port*
of Bkagway and Dyea. through which the
Klondike business is transacted. Ttieae
ports remain American territory.
The decision la taken to concede the
American claim to a strip of territory
ten leagues in width from tidewater and
extending from the head of Portland
canal to the' 141st" meridian of west longi
tude. The Americans laid especial stress
upon their contention that this strip
should be measured from the heads of es
tuaries or bays, while the Canadians ar
gued that the measurements should be
from the main water of the ocean. The
control of the Bites of Skagway and Dyea
¦was involved In the controversy.
the corridors (and I hope it is not), all
that the United States have got to do is
to make a. claim from Canada and they
wiU.get if by boastfiilness and* dishonest
effort. If it is ¦ true, we might as well
throw away. our national aspirations. The
last two generations of Englishmen were
degenerates and cowards. They have had
no leader since Pitt died. Thank God.
Chamberlain is galvanizing them and put
ting new blood in them."
Ross of Victoria. Cape Breton, prbtested
against speaking . about Englishmen in
this way. aqd Gourley retorted that they
went around \?ith blinds on. unfit to drive
sneep across the country. '
THE SAN FEANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, OCTOBER 18, 1903.
22
UNITED STATES TRIUMPHS OVER CANADA
Continued From Page 21, Column 7.
This is to Certify that Dr. Kilmer f s Swamp-Root, tb©
great kidney, liver and "bladder remedy, is purely vegetable
and does not contain any calomel,, mercury, creosote, mor-
phine, opium, strychnine, cocaine, nitrate potash (salt-petre) ,
bromide potassium, narcotic alkaloid, whiskey, wine or any
harmful or habit "producing drugs . .Swamp-Root was discovered
through scientific research and study by Dr. Kilmer, who grad-
uated with honors and is, now actively engaged in the practice
of his profession, which calling -he has successfully followed
many years. \ State of New York, County of Broome ,'}„ R
City -of Binghamton, •[*»•*•
Jonas M. Kilmer, senior member of the firm of Dr. Kilmer
& Co., of the City of Binghamton, County of Broome, State of
New York, £eing duly sworn, deposes and says that the
guarantee of purity of Swamp-Root, as desoribed in the
foregoing certificate, is in all respects true.
Subscribed and. sworn to) t £kr?v*<zJ /%Z. /tc&ytesz
before me April 26. ) v
Dr. Kilmer's Swamp-Root Is not recommended for everything, but if you have
kidney, liver or bladder trouble, It will be found just the remedy you need. Swamp- Root makes friends.
• Each bcttle contains the same standard of purity, strength and excellence.
Ycu may have a sample bottle of Swamp- Root free by mail, if you have not already had one.
When writing to Dr. Kilmer fit Co., Binghamton, N. Y., be sure to mention reading this generous
effe r In &!s pspfr.
' , . . .- ' '
I w W C9 EL *kU %», j lvS> 111 £111 ww 1 ivv^ •jMit*?
"" j£3zsfc*K 1 ur nes °^ su * ts W^ vests » for 1 , ¦
pf^^jf beautiful patterns in all the various •— >.
mixed goods and solid colors that are lt^4ssiiir
pi^J identified with the season. We have
plk. J us t received' from our workshops gar- 8?^?'
ff0M'M''^&^^^^K ments that comprise the latest styles ? *jd$^&*\
J^^^ f or T $s[00 S which ! is'' a n^bby^iUlefuk! H
™d there is a heavy blue cheviot in a
double-breasted style at $5.00 that is
Then there are-pretty stripes in new
UWM^^Mmm colors, and blue serges for $6.00;
M&?$mmmMr stylish Scotch mixtures and blue chev- $M
WS^^^M^^ jots at $6.50; fine Scotch woolens in
TJ^^^^^m ele - ant p atterns at $7 - 50 ' $8 - 00 and
if^siif %fli II Description is useless—you must see
iflBI WwS only wil1 you realize what il means t0 liitlf
•' &£ii£ : -'Q> • and green, navy and red, and red and +S&& «3**rc^*> l/^js^ .^62fi*
I .white. The price is $1.50. I ¦ ¦ • ¦ -• ¦•¦-.. • . -
Out-of-town orders filled, CL 1LT nA/^ksOk W\ C* jT^f\ If out-of-town, write for
Department N. ¦ catalogue.
I . 740 Market Street > I
* ADVERTISEMENTS. S
, ' ¦ - ©
\ 8I8-82O /AAPKET 3T, £Att FPANCISCO. 1
{ VISIT OUR ENLARGED BRUSH AMD MIRROR DEP'T. |
5 We Offer Some Extraordinary Bargains In Our Large In .'ertaUnS O
I ' TOOTK EEtTSHES — Seg". 25c, cat HAED MISEOES — Xm. Efcony or f>
J to. 'Z tor 25c Oai Back; rpecial —5c *»
I TXAXX, BRUSHES— Good bristles; HARD HI3SOB3— Heavy f" n «5 S
• rear. aso. cat to 17c Plate, roima cr oval. .Jt»1 .OO °P 9
I 3 re *- 50 °. cut to ..We 2 £c to 50c each, cut to 21c X
I SHOE SEIWEES — Beff. 35c, cut to TRIPLICATE 3IX2&O2S — Gilt; i*
J ...17c reg-. S5.0O. cut to ?»a.(M» 2
P BATH BRUSHES — With handle; WHISK Er.OOSIS — Beff. 25c to 40c, 9
I regf. 50c, cut to 117c cut to 2te ©
) KEEP-CLEAN HAXS BSUSHXS — BISBY'S LAEGE SIZE PASTE— 9
i Ray. 75c, cut to ,".lo ror patent leather calf or tan a
% HOWARD & Z.OOZT82r GUAUAN- shoes; re?. 10c, cut to. 7c m
' TEES HAIR BSXTSHES-T^Jen- WHITTjCTCOJIITS — Combination, Q
J ulna bristle*; res;. $1.25 value, cut black or tan. cut to 7c !£
* to 80c BATH 1IITT3 — Raf. 35o pair, cut J*
f Over 25 styles to ssleot from. to 27c *•
? , — — -— 0
) OSTRICH BOAS at one-third less RIBBONS — Pure slDc fancy ribbon, 0
k than rogrular prices. 1200 Boas ia Dresden, satin and fancy ©
! - &sr«ssBs ¦?&- js jrHk-^srtrfc: §
» 2000 BOAS— in black, white and tions and colorinffs; reff. 60c yd; «3
? gray, 45 in. long;; special. $12.75 special Monday and Tuesday.... O
? FASHIONABLE FURS —Electric 2SC y* 9
k coney stoles; finely lined and flu- _^-._ -,,-,»,,,„ _, „ , ,,i..._*w &
I ished; reg-. $1.50; special... })5 C WECJ3C BUTTS— JCade of liberty «»
I BLACK COlfEY BOAS; Also BUS- silk, ed?e& with ribbon, with lonff X
J BIAS BLUE HAKE STOLE pleated ends, very full neck, ta I?
' SCARFS — Reg-. 84.50; special... black and white; also white sad %
! isoirDAT -Ajm-<rm»AT%^ '";5£ * 2 -°° Bn2 "' *}**£££ ©
? LADIES' UNDERWEAR — Sleeve- Buffs 5»-—o q
k less undervests in pink, blue and TALL VEZLHTQ — Sow ca display; o
? -r X$£?J, re J^.i£ c i»J5tf 1 H- • * &££ ve^ dainty fancy mesh Tuxedos, Q
? latin taffeta, embroidered In aew fissions; re*, price, 35c yd; O
? flower patterns; special 25c special • 1 5c 9
I NEW CHATTERBOX FOR 1903 JUST RECEIVED. |
! ADVANCE BARGAINS IN HOLIDAY GOODS. 8
t $1.60 BOOKS, 500. DOLL BUGGY, 33c. «
I • The following copyright fiction, cloth Worth resrulir C0c; eood. strong, wll- J
? bound, published at ?l 60. on salo while lov,' body. 21 lnehe« lone, with M-lnoh V
t they last, ROc: wheels. Othira at 25c. 3Oc and 75c C*
| "Gray House of th« Quarries," by on si-eclal sale. O
I Norria. '• T\BOUR3ST, SI. 13. O
? - Hourf, 6 ° lrl ° f th " Halt^^ 1Iow " b >- Solid Oak. 21 inches h! S h. 14-Inch top: Q
? "A Maa's Woman." by Norris. handset- design and el^nt finish. Re*- ft
? "A Whirl Asunder." by Atherton. « Iar ™ !cc - **'• on «*"• * 1<15 - &
k "A Woman Intervenes," by Barr. EXLK-LIKE2> BASKET, 25c.
[ "Forty Modern Fables." by George Ade. Serrtn? Baskets trimmed with ribbon a
' "Zoralda." by I^> Queux. and quilted satin bottom. il
? "The Lord of the Sea,"' by Shlel. ¦prr-RTrrTTTKT* *TT *Rt> **
» "The Choir Invisible." by Allen. rUB3*TUBE SET, 26C. 3
1 "GrauBtark." by McCutcheon. Made of solid oak. nicely *arnlahed. q
"A Georztan Actress." by MacKlo. ccmprlsin? table; 2 ehstn and rocker 7 JT
' "Antonla." by Eelden. Inches high: -wouU! Ee chrap at 50c. JJ
I KHTVES, RAZORS AWD SHEARS GROUITD AND BI7AKED. S
PICTURE FRAMES OF ALL SESCRIPTIOZTS HADE TO OBOES. 0CHICAGO. Oct. 17.— Th« Issue of puses by
the Western roads durtnr th* year 1904 will
be greatly restricted Passes to. shippers or
merchants will be entirely discontinued.
QUKEXSTOWN. Oct. 17.— Sir Thomas Up
ton who arrived here to-day on th« steamer
Cedric from New York, has been greatly ben
efited by the voyage and has almost com
pletely recovered his health.
PARIS. Ky., Oct. 17.— Luther McCoy, a
negro farm hand, attacked Mrs. James
Mornaugh and Miss Nellie Herick, two
prominent women of this city, to-day.
McCoy was arrested and it Is not unlike
ly he will be lynched before morning.
Lynching Is in Prospect.
Accident Mars the Game Between
School Pupils in San
. SAN . DIEGO, Oct. 17.— In a football
game this afternoon between the Rusa
High School and the State Normal School
Victor. Morgan, on© of the High School
players, had his collarbon* broken. He
will bo out of the game hereafter.
YOTJNO FOOTBAIiL PLAYER
BBEAKS HIS COLLARBONE
reduced by $2,460,925 because of the dimin
ished deposits and deducting from the
sura the net loss of cash left $S56,125 as
the gain In surplus reserve to $17,433,250;
this Is nearly $12,000,000 greater than the
surplus at the corresponding date last
year. Computed upon the basis of de
posits less those of $37,237,900 of public
funds, the surplus reserve is $26,742,126.
The Item of circulation showed only a
slight change, there being an increase of
$8400. Loans were In excess of deposits by
$16,499,100. The daily average of clearings
for the week were $186,000,000. against
$187,000,000 in the previous week. Satur
day's clearings, reflecting Friday's busi
ness, were a little higher than the aver
age, being $186,393,479. Comparisons of
changes In loans show decreases by eight
banks in this item of $4,100,000 net. The
changes in cash resulted in a net gain by
six banks of $1,400,000.
LOS ANGELES. Oct. 17.— Manager J.
W. Brooks of Ascot Park received a tel
egram to-day from Starter Richard
Dwyer of New York, who acted as starter
at Oakland last season. Dwyer will open
the season at Ascot Park in tho same ca
pacity. He will alternate Betel-monthly
with Jacob Holtman, the other Oakland
starter.
DWYEB AND HOLTMAN
TO STAET AT IX)S ANGELES
Will Alternate Semi-Monthly at tho
Winter Race Meeting at
Ascot Park.
NEW YORK, Oct. 17.— The Financier
says: The notable feature of the official
statement of the New York Associated
Banks last week was the unexpected loss
of $604,400 in cash. The estimates which
were based upon the traceable movements
of money during the week seemed almost
unmistakably to indicate not only an in
crease oi, $1,418,400 in cash, but even a
larger amount as the result of Friday's
Sub-Treasury operations. While there
might have been some slight error In the
calculation of loss on the interior bank
movement, the reports upon which tho
gains in cash, through receipts of new
gold, the payments for redeemed bonds
and- the Sub-Treasury operations, were
computed could scarcely -fall to be accu
rate, and it was from these items that
the net results were obtained.
The discrepancy of $2,000,000 between
the estimated gain and the official loss
cannot be accounted for on the theory of
averages. The loans, as reported by the
statement, decreased $4,836,000; this was
probably the result of the liquidation in
stocks early in the week and of subse
quent contraction of bank loans as a con
sequence of the depression In the market
for the greater part of the remainder of
the week.' The .deposits were reduced
$5,823,700, an amount $402,900 In excess of
the sum of the decrease In loans and of
th«'loss of cash; hence, the statement
failed to prove. The surplus reserve waa
Estimates Seemed to Indicate a I/arge
: r'Q'~ Increase,
UNEXPECTED LOSS IN CASH.
There will be much. distress among de
positors, many of whom are contractors
who to-day came to the city to draw funds
to pay their men.
No other American bank is effected, all
being solvent. A large amount of cash
was offered to the failed Institution to
day, but is was said not to be sufficient.
The International Banking Corporation
has no connection whatever with the In
ternational Bank and Trust Company.
CITY OF MEXICO. Oct 17.— The Inter
national Bank and Trust - Company . of
America, W. H. Hunt, president, with
branches in New York and San Francisco
and various points throughout Mexico,
closed its doors this morning in voluntary
liquidation and posted a notice to that
effect on the doors of the bank in this
city.
Thfs institution has advertised that it
has a paid-up gold capital of $l,S50,000 and
deposits of about fl,500,000 silver. The in
sltution has been in existence for some
four years and had until recently enjoyed
public confidence. The cause of the fail
ure is said to be over-lending.
The depositors embrace a large num
ber of railway construction contractors
and men of the English speaking colony
In this city. President Hunt arrived from
New York to-day, but made no statement,
though later the management Issued a
statement saying It was deemed best to
close the doors of the bank, it was hoped
only temporarily, and that the prospects
were that the depositors would not lose a
cent -; ; r^' -T:v--I "ii-tiV-iflJi
PUEBLO, Colo., Oct. 17. — Oil has been struck
In a well bore elffht miles northwest of this
city.
treme Illustration of the abuses In the re
cent "trust formation."
Railroad officials continue to speak in
very sanguine terms of tho present busi
ness and prospects of the roads under
their charge. , Statistics of earnings bear
'out these claims and continue the average
increase over the corresponding periods
of previous years. Reports of freight
blockades and of car shortages owing to
enormous demands of traffic have been
received from various parts of the Middle
and Far West. Bank clearings the coun
try over are well maintained. The past
week has marked the passing of the pe
riod of danger to the corn crop, and the
Government's statistics point to a large
crop safely made. Money continues easy
and fears of stringency are no longer felt.
The foreign trade statement for Septem
ber reflects the late outward movement
of corn and cotton, due to the lateness of
the crops, but shows general exports well
maintained, while a decline from the re
cent high level of our imports brings the
excess of export values up to only about
$5,000,000 less than In September of last
year. ¦ These considerations were only
partly effective in offsetting the* weight on
the side of the depression.
City ot Mexico Branch
in Trouble Prom
Over-Lending.
INTERNATIONAL
BANK IS CLOSED
JAPAN DEMANDS
BINDING TREATY
Wants Russia to Mark
Off Her Sphere of
Influence.
BERLIN, Oct. 17.-The negotiations.be
tween Japan and Russia, according to
the view of the situation taken Here, arc
not making progress. Neither side, it ap
pears from official Information, will yield
on the essential propositions. Japan per
sists in requiring an agreement that shall
now delimit their respective spheres of
supremacy and declines to consent to the
general policy of "drift" under which
Russian Influence will, the Japanese say,
steadily bear upon Korea and edge for
ward until the time Is ripe for acquiring
a part or of the whole country.
Japan, as previously cabled from here,
is determined, according to the German
view, to have a settlement with Russia by
a treaty whereby both must abide or elser
and the threat 1b ever In the near back
ground—hostilities will begin. This is the
danger In plain view. The Japanese Gov
ernment seemingly makes no particular
concealment from the diplomatic corps at
Toklo of this attitude, one Impression be
ing that Japan is merely playing a diplo
matic game and another that the Govern
ment Is In deadly earnest.
Russia's ever-increasing military opera
tions in th© Far East and Japan's nearly
completed equipments are regarded as
pointing either to a settlement before
December or to hostilities. Japan's orders
for war material were placed in Germany
a year ago, and since then have all been
delivered or are afloat. Four Japanese
officers who have been buying war ma
terial and supervising artillery construc
tion at Essen left Germany for Japan last
Tuesday. ,
ST. PETERSBURG, Oct. 17.— While ex
pressing the hope of a peaceable issue of
the Far Eastern crisis, the Xovoe Vremya
points out that If war breaks out the
Russians will rise as one man at the call
of the Czar, and there can be no doubt
regarding the ultimate Issue. The Novoe
Vremya asserts that the- Japanese belief
that Viceroy Alexieff represents the Rus
sian war party is quite erroneous.
YOKOHAMA, Oct. 17.— A Cabinet Minis
ter says that Japan, agreeing with the
Marquis Ito, while stipulating the integ
rity of Korean and Chinese sovereignty,
makes no point of the military evacua
tion of Manchuria, thus simplifying the
negotiations. The bellicose rumors con
tinue, but the reports of Russian aggres
sion in Korea are proving to have been
exaggerated.
SAN JOSE, Oct. 17. — The Grange to-day took
steps to prevent the sending out of fruit from
other counties bearing- Santa Clara County
brands. Campbell Grange has joined hands in
the movement and a committee will ecu that
tbe State law la enforced. :
The troubles In the structural steel
trade are attributed In a large degree to
the tying up of building operations by
strikes in New York and other large
cities. The intended reduction of forces
In the steel works Indicates the reaction
ary effect of this cutting off of Important
consumption. With the reduction of work
ing forces on railroads the economic prob
lem of reduction of consumption growing
out of stoppage of wages gains Increasing
weight in the consideration of the out
look.
The sentimental effect of the United
States Shipbuilding proceedings upon the
stock market would be difficult to esti
mate. There is no difficulty for the well
informed to make discriminating Judg
ment among the many industrial securi
ties In the market, and there Is no dispo
sition in such quarters to view the ship-;
building instance as other than an ex-
EFFECT OF STRIKES.
At the same time the market has not
been free from depressing influences
drawn. from Industrial developments. The
reduction In the dividend and the formid
able . decrease In the net earnings of the
United States Steel Corporation has been
a persistent influence. Official admissions
of large reductions In working force by a
number of great railroad systems have
pointed -to a general policy of retrench
ment In that quarter of the industrial
wqrld. The departure of an Inspection
party of United States Steel officials with
the avowed purpose of seeking measures
of economy of operation and reduction of
working force where possible pointed to
the same conclusion. . ,
The stock market has been unsettled
during the week by a number of disturb
ing factors and continuance of liquidation
in spot. The trouble has centered in th«
Industrials as for some time and the
dwindling line between that class and the
railroad stocks has grown distinct. This
has led to some effort on the part of pro
fessional operators to Inaugurate an up
ward movement in the railroad list In
face of the continued depression in indus
trial. But the attempt -met with meager
success, beyond the comparative steadi
ness of the shares of railroads, until the
sharp rally on Friday. The disturbing
Influences have come from outside sources
rather than from local quarters and still
have' to do largely, with security market
considerations rather than general busi
ness and Industrial factors. Thus the un
settlement on the Plttsburg Stock Ex
change has been reflected on the New
York Exchange. The prospect of th©
passing of dividends on the Crucible Steel
preferred stock caused by the falling
through of the intended purchase of the
Clairton Steel Company by the- United
States Steel Corporation has thrown a
burden' of liquidation of more readily
marketable stocks upon the New York
market, especially of United States Steel
stocks, which have figured conspicuously
in the week's disturbance. The London
stock market has passed through a trou
blesome settlement during the week
which proved a severe strain and' re
flected some influence upon the outside
financial world. , .
DISTUNING FACTORS.
NEW YORK, Oct. 17.— Yesterday's
sharp recovery In prices brought In a
large number of buying orders this morn-
Ing: and the stock market -was very ac
tive durlnsr the first hour. -By the end
of that time It became very evident from
harrow movement of prices that the de
mand was being freely fed to take profits
on yesterday's advances. The bears there
upon became less solicitous to cover their
short contracts and -commenced to buy.
The sellers allowed prices to slip back
to about last night's close, at which level
there was a large decrease in the volume
of business. The market for the r^st was
somewhat hesitating and lrreeular. An
advance of about a point in Amalga
mated Copper, United States Steel pre
ferred and Union Pacific had a reassur
ing effect and steadied the market, but
failed to lift it to a materially • higher
le%-el. A number of the industrials which
had suffered violent losses during the
week made sharp recoveries and the high
priced coalers were marked up several
points at a time on the professed confi
dence that accumulations of steam sizes
of anthracite are being worked off.
The bank statement was regarded as
favorable. The furmer contraction in
loans is a satisfactory development and
the small decline in cash reserves In face
of the apparent gain by the banks on
the week's currency movement Is attrib
uted to possible withdrawals by the trust
companies. The market did not hold and
closed easy but dull.
Shipbuilding Trust Proceed
ings Has Potent Senti
mental Effact.
Continuance of Liquida
tion Disturbs the
Industrials. '
MARKET STEADY,
PRICES AT LEVEL
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, OCTOBER 18,, 1903.
23
NEW ADVERTISEMENTS.
DB. PEEBCE'S BEMEDIES. . ' '.
Are always "bean- • ffl,i>s .%
tiful " and always,,; p>*^v r V
K happy" accord-^ \ - •
ing to the society % - ggK^I \ \\ ',
reporters, and in I «^^V'i\\. "
this case the re- \ W®A*§*^"
port is mostly true. % jj <Hk • \\o *
There may be un- •„ *V Jj « Y \
happy brides in :\ \ >Y
fiction, but. there *• *s-* \ Y
are few in real life. /\- U
But how hard it is ¦-..-,*» O "" \
to look upon many .(Vtof* f \
of the wives we
know, and believe " \>\J
that they were ¦-*"
once beautiful and happy. Pain, the
result of womanly disease, has marred
beauty and undermined happiness.,,
22Sj£!s for women
WHO CANNOT; BB CURED. "
Backed up by over a, third of a century
of remarkable and uniform cures, a record
such as no other remedy for the diseases
and weaknesses peculiar to women ever
attained, the proprietors of Dr. Pierce's
Favorite Prescription now feel fully war-
ranted in offering; to pay $500 integral
money of the United States, for any case
of Leucorrhea, Female Weakness, Prolap-
sus, or Falling of ..Womb which they can-
not cure. All they ask is a fair and reason-
able trial of their means of cure.
« I have thought- for some time I would write
you and- tell you of the great improvement In
ray health since talcing 1 your ' Favorite Prescrip-
tion.' » says Mrs. H. S. Tones, of Forest, N. C
"When I began Us use I was a physical wreck
. and had despaired of ever having any health
again. Could not sit up all day, ana was so
r weak I could not walk one quarter of a mile.
. J noted a great improvement in my health be-
fore the first bottle was used. Was suffering
¦ with almost every pain that a woman is subject
to; had inflammation of ovaries, . painful and
suppressed periods, and other symptoms ' of
female disease. ¦ . After taking six bottles of
' ' Favorite Prescription,' I felt like a new j>er-
• son. Can ride horseback and take all kinds of
exercise and not feel tired."
If. you are looking for a perfect laxa-
tive try Dr. Picrce's Pleasant Pellets, _
CTTBIOSITY
Leads to Investigation and Truth.
What shall we do to be saved?, was the
title of one of Robert Ingersoll's lectures.
People oi faith and people of no faith
flocked to hear it. Thousands are ask-
ing, "What shall I do to get rid of dan-
druff?" The answer Is, "Kill the germ
that causes dandruff, falling hair and
finally baldness; and the only thing that
will do it is Newbro's Herpicide. That is
the very latest discovery of the.laborator
ry, and It Is the only preparation that
claims to, or that will, kill the pestifer-
ous dandruff germ. .It also is a delightful
hair dressing, free from oil or grease or.
sticky substances. Try It and be con-
vinced of its actual merit. Sold by lead-
Ing % druggists. Bend 10c In stamps , for
sample to " The Herpicide Co., . Detroit,
Mich. • ¦- ¦ ~ ¦ ¦- ¦_:¦•' ,
• ADVERTISEMENTS.
: rfsy
> Said one Kentucky Colonel to
another : —
" It's a long time between hats."
" No wonder," replied the other,
" we were wise when we selected
Stetson
Hats,
"They'll never wear out."
OIR PRICB <T> M HO OUR PRICB
ALWAVS Ht./l.- UU ALWAVS
Tilt SAME ip A'— £ THE SAME
ROOS BROS.
KEARNY AT POST
The common taste for ginger
is formed on almost anything
neutral, made sharp with a little
red pepper and flavored wit)
ginger. Pure good gingci-
Schilling's Best — agreeably
bites without burning. ..
-~ ADVEBTISEMEHTS.
©G>©GOwO€>c©©eoe©e©ss8o©G©6©ooooooooao3ceooo©«o
f WE TRUST THE F*EOf*LE; 2
I THIS WEEK'S SPECIAL! |
• This Artistic Iron Bed just l5^*Q$^\Svf S
? as shown in picture. Height of \f^^K Vf/flr •
head, 5 feet 6 inches; height of Ai0^ " ydj *
foot, 4 feet. Chill work perfect. \!0r •
• One of the newest and best de- 250 MAPLE ROCKERS; seat •
© signs. Made by the leading upholstered in silk vclour; posi- ?
• manufacturer of the United tively the best ever offered for £
x States. In the following colors: the money. Only 0
q Pink, pale blue, green, white <£¦ *yez />af»h •
. and black and gold. Regular 4>I.^.O Cdl/ll O
© price, $17.50. While CO Off Our weekly specials are the •
g they last, only. &%>*U%3 talk of the city. J
: EASTERN OUTFITTING CO., JKSSSu :
0 Wt Tarnish Homes Complete. All Cart lead to Onr Store. Country Order* Salicitsd. 9
••©©0©®©9©«0©«©«»0e»0©0©0©«©0000000©000000000
ADVERTISEMENTS. _ ¦ -
- • , . . • ¦ • ¦ . ;~ji
* Quickly and effectively in all cases of Nervous Headache, Sick Headache,
SSNNSNXS Lumbago, Sea-Sickness, Car-Sickness, Irritability, Periodic, Bearing-Down
sSnsnSnx and Ovarian Pains.
OOOCVCW h T 1^ 14 i not P t * Sm ¥ without Dr. Miles' Anti-Pain Pills. They give me almost Instant
OOOvSNXV 1^ I 1 " 0111 a V nOBt **? P***- * tf v « them to att of the children, even the baby, and we feel no
>o>N>o>>o^ bad effects afterwards, aa one does from most remedies "
XxSSS^OO MRS. IRA ALLEN. 208 Indiann Ave.. Riverside, Calif.
XVS^XV 1 . "T^ZT*™ •*• * **** • sever* attack of Le Grippe, and was under the doctor's care for
XNNNNNNN, flv» days without any relief. Then I bought a box of Dr. Miles* Antl-Paln Pflls. and nve Pills
V\>>nNXnN cured me. A short ttroe ago I had another attack, but thanks to the Pain Pills, I was soon
cured, taking only three of the pills."— JOHN N. fUBTTEMAN, Glendale, Ore.
"I have used Dr. Miles' Antl-Paln Pills for a number of years, and find that they promptly
relieve ordinary and neuralglac headache. They give similar relief to mv wife." —
/ . D. B. BAKER, Los Angeles. Calif. ,
"Once, and often twice a week, for years I have had spells of dull, heavy pains across the
forehead, accompanied with pales in the heart, arm and shoulders. I find Dr. Miles' Antl-Paln
Pills very beneficial. »ne tablet usually being sufficient to stop the pain.'" —
MMRS. LBONA ELDER, WheaOand, Calif.
"I have frequently used Dr. Miles' Astl-Paln Pills for Neuralgia, and they give speedy
relief. Also In traveling, am never without them, using them to prevent drowsiness and
headache." — JC L. SANFORD. M«t. Etna Springs Hotel. Etna Springs, Calif.
MRS. M. S. TODET. who was 11 years postmistress at Carponteria. Calif., says: "I suffered
a long time from nerruos headachee. and very severe pain in the back of my neck. Dr. Miles'
Antl-Paln Pilla brought relief, for which I am very grateful. I am pleased to recommend th»m
to others."
Neuralgia, Rheumatism, Sciatica, Backache, La Grippe, Pain in Stomach", |
s$Ss§$^ Ague Pains, Indigestion, Dizziness, Nervousness and Sleeplessness. j
VvV$O$$S "I have used Dr. Miles' Anti-Pain Pills for Neuralgia and Nervous Headache and ajyay*
N^sNNsSXj r*«lved prompt relief. The headaches occurred at ,'ntervals. usually m themornlng, ar d 6j
KSOCVVVCS taking a Pain Pill when first symptom appeared, always preventedthe attacks. My husband
t^g^ ta^aio used them for headache, and says he «»M^«4^g3^ b aV. tt a^. Idaho,! , |
£ am very gJjMttjtl have such^^*^^^ h^^ JS&iSK
Thl only thing Sat^w' gave me any relief was Dr. Mils' Anti-Pain Pilto, which I hav used
with satisfactory results for a number 98 tttlta Ave ., Pasadena. Calif.
"I have been bothered for years with headache and dull pains. I came across some of Dr.
Mfles^ Anti-Pain PHI. and ttied them, and they gave me relief at once. I have found them t«
bej^t the thing.^nd reoommend them highly.''— J. FRANK STERNS. Eugene. Ore.
M'l was long- aubject to spells of severe pain through the eyes and across my forehead— !
caused by Indigestion. The attacks often continued two days, during which time I was unable
£^o\nythtoir: Dr. Miles' Antl-Paln Plus relieved the pain, and I afterwards prevented th«
attacks bVtaklnr^ne Pill when I found the pains coming on. I have used them for a Ion* time
Snd they never failed to relieve me."— W. R. HOTT. Hiirsboro. Ore. _
Dr Miles' Anti-Pain Pills are sold by all druggists, 25 cents a box, tinder a
positive guarantee that the first box will benefit or money refunded.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
STRAIGHT-FORWARD EVIDENCE . FROM
; MEN OF NATIONAL PROMINENCE,
That Re-ru-na Cures Catarrh Wherever Located.
i j C- > *~-~>^ > * :: ''^<ffffi* y ' ' Hon. D. L. Russell, ex-Congressman and Governor-
( v^^-^-.^SggSt^^ _^^£^r\ ] ' elect of N..C. writes from Wilmington. X. C, as follows:
{2 ggggiSgg^yy^ \Zq(/£ "' cheerfully join with United States Senator Pritchard
EggS^iyy^ v>9y ant^ Congressmen Blackburn and Linney in recommending
¦¦ j>- Peruna has re- strengthen these nerves and give tone to
_fff&Z&r^ r ceivcd the indorse- the mucous membrane. There Is no other
ment of over fifty Internal catarrh remedy that has proven
j^jgjfi*H fflhfYiini II II I*' *" ' m*M^ mt-^rm ; members of Con- effective In all cases.
v?*?%Zmrium*^vuvmMiwnim)<jmiMii.*MaMi»rmcBmnMw-~m J mi[ft t^ i *gj ] p re ss, thirty-six The most distinguished men of the
C?^*V<\ j^T^^Ss /TfXiC^"^ — j-»>. Generals in our United States have no hesitation In lend-
Yt\^\-C VSS\ ¦'*¦ Army, Admirals In ing their Influence to assist in letting? the
IV^VV^XJ \Wf^ftU"" '^"^ the Navy, Consuls, people know of the virtues of Peruna.
VX^^Mr . - „ , .. : Governors. Judges. Nearly one-half the people are la Home
TiliL'.', : Mayors,, Physicians, degree affected by catarrh. Therefore It
r^^U Jo ,,«,, n ,,.rs ... -^. .«..«««., : i^fl« e n"f '» almost a national curse and it Is of na-
\S§^=zZf HON. CHAS. W. THOMPSON. a 3 ta °Ve T P Man? «onal import that the people should know
• 5 households regard ot Peruna.
\St)j I Peruna as their fam- * _ .~ T . ii -
.J^T--- I Hy medicine. Pe-ru-na Cannot Be Imitated.
Some things may be successfully imltat-
* w - *-~^^> — — -»—->— -v-->-^- > — > —^— — >— — *-*~*~-< . — 1^- • -^-^_— >>*->— —-^ ed> but p eruna cannot be. i-very one pur-
Mr. Cha3. "W. Thompson, Member of Congress, Fifth Alabama District, chasing Peruna should look out for imita-
gives the following Indorsement to Peruna: U ons. Examine each package carefully.
• , , ; Washington, D. C. if you have ever used Peruna or If you
The Peruna Drug Mfg. Co.. Columbus, .Ohio. have ever tasted it, you ere not in tho
Gentlemen : — "My cashier has used your Peruna for indigestion with the slightest danger of being misled by these
most unexampled and beneficial results, and I cannot too highly or earnestly imitations, but all those beginning the use
recommend its general use." — Chas. W. Thompson. of Peruna should beware.
w-n^--v»*-n^--s^->^>---s^--n_--<w^^~^-w--v-^^ Beware of imitations. Believe no one
who tells you that he has a remedy that
Congressman Goodricli Recommends ly as Congressman Goodrich of Oklahoma is making the same cures that Peruna is
p._. ¦-__ says: "Peruna is not only a cure for ca- ma ~ 1 ° s [-, ,,„, . . .
[ / a v. »X L ¦ "S 1 - h T T a most j lgor r s tonlc -" «&»~ S^^SFK &£*%>*£;
Fred S. Goodrich, Shawnee. Okla., ex- These two facts are beyond controversy, using, writa to Dr. Hartman and the
member of Congress from Florida, 61st Any remedy that operates to tone up the fraud, if there be any, will soon be de-
Congress, writes from Washington, D. C: whole nervous system will also operate tected.
"I am assured and am satisfied that your beneficially upon catarrh. if you do' not derive prompt and satis
Peruna is not only a cure for catarrh, but Catarrh Ja uimnly a flabby condition of factory Tesults from the uso of Peruna.
Peruna has cured more catarrh than all supplying the mucous membrane. Address Dr. Hartman. President of Th©
the other remedies combined. It is exact- Peruna operates Immediately to Hartman Sanitarium, Columbus, O.There were seven questions given them
to si en. 4 The first was as to the: sanity
of Uoyd at the time of the maklns of
the will. This was answered in the af
firmative. Six questions followed, simi
lar in wording, with the exceptjon that
the names of Marcaret Boxall,' Nesta
Boxall, Mrs. Little, formerly a Boxall
girl; Ethel Lloyd, Miss. Wilkinson, Lloyd's
housekeeper, and Miss Tillie Buttner, a
stenographer, were inserted in the difter
ent questions and were questioned in re
gard to Lloyd's relations with them. The
jury exonerated each and every one of
the women of any wrongdoing. .
The jury was just an hour in arriving
at its decision. The case was submitted
to it at 4 o'clock and the jury returned
to the courtroom at 5. Tho two brothers,
on opposite Bides of the case, were both
present at the rendering of the verdict
Nine jurors this evening by their ver
dict upheld* the will made by the late C.
R. Lloyd. By answers to questions sub
mitted to them to sign they said that
he was of sound mind when he made the
will and that the charges against his
morality were unfoundeu. Three of the
jurors dissented from "this verdict and
so stated when they were polled, but as
it only requires nine of the twelve in
civil cases the verdict was sufficient for
the purpose.
The names of the jurors who sat in the
case are W. D. Thomas, E. C. Bridge-.
man, Ruben Wiand, C. B. Rice, Minford
Y. Smith, H. F. Larabee, Seymour John
son, Emll Kirchoff, Carl Berlin^Willtam
Berry, Martin Donohue and Henry "W.
Prall. Bridgcman, Smith and Berry were
the ones who said they were not satis
fled with the verdict brought in by the
others.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, Oct 17.
Refuses to Set It Aside
on Plea of His Son
, Frederick.
JURY UPHOLDS
LLOYD'S WILL
vehicle and her dothinjr caught on the
steps. . For over 100 yards she was drag
ged and rendered unconscious.
When her clothing finally broke from
h«r body the horse ran a short distance,
demolishing the vehicle by collision with
a . post. Miss Polhemus' escape was re
markable, no bones being broken, but she
is in a state of nervous prostration as a
result of her experience.
TEACHER IS DRAGGED
• BY A RUNAWAY HORSE
JCitm Semphronia Polhemus of Santa
Eosa Has an Exciting
Experience.
SANTA ROSA, Oct. tf.-M^ss Semphro
nia Pclhernus, a teacher in the local
whoolf. had a narrow escape from se
rious injury this afternoon. The lady was
driving to attend the funeral of a friend.
Her horse became frightened and ran
•»»'•¦ The drjver wu tbrpwn from the
LIMA, Peru, Oct. 17.— The Archbishop of
Lima hag sent a note to the Minister of Jus
tice, asking the Government to veto the recent
law approved by Congress giving facilities for
the niar»U£es ot non -Catholics.
QUEENSTOWN, Oct. 17.— The Cunard
line steamer Etrurla, from New - York
October 10 for Liverpool, which arrived
to-day after a stormy passage, reports
that the British steamer Green Brier,
bound, for Jamaica from Manchester,
England, spoke September 17 the sailing
boat Columbia II, nineteen feet long, Cap.
tain Ison Brown, which left Boston Aug
ust 11 and Halifax August 26 for Mar
seilles, France, in latitude 37.21 north and
longitude 42.45 west.
The captain of the Green Brier invited
Captain Brown to abandon his small
craft, but Brown determined to persevere.
He bad been upset once and . had only
righted the boat after some hours of se
vere , strugle. The Green Briei', reprovi
sloned the Columbia II, which' when met
by: the steamer had been thirty-seven
days out from Boston.
Undertaking.
Captain Brown of the Columbia II
Perseveres in His Perilous
BEFTJSES TO ABANDON
VOYAGE IN SAILING BOAT
ST. ANDREWS. N. B.. Oct. 17.— Burglars
entered the Bank of Nova Scotia here to-day,
demolished the safe with explosives and es
caped with all the funds, estimated at several
thousand dollars. The robbers got away on a
handcar seized in the yards of the Canadian
Pacific •Railroad. ¦ '*\ ; •
SANTA ROSA, Oct. 17.— An accident oc
curred yesterday afternoon on the North
Shore Railroad between Cazadero and
Duncans Mills which resulted in the death
of William Irwln. He was foreman of
the Diledriver crew and had been sta
tioned at Duncans Mills for over a year.
In the afternoon be was coming from up
the road on a logging train of empty cars.
The train was running at a good speed
and the momentum caused the cars to
swerve violently. When theitrain struck
the sharp curve running on; to trestle No.
116 Irwln was hurled from the car on which
he was riding. , .
Foreman Hurled From a Train.
Train Robbers in Russia.
ST. PETERSBURG, Octw 17.— Ten men
successfully held up a passenger train be
tween Dunabourg and Pleskov, 162 miles
from this city, during Friday night. Tha
men jumped on the conductors' car, over
powered and bound both conductors,
robbed the safe and baggage and escaped
with the booty to an adjoining forest.
JERUSALEM. Oct. IT.— Cholera baa broken
out at Bethlehem. Tha town has been cor
doned by troops.
The usual court formalities were ob
served in the matter of a new trial and
an appeal.
and the smiles of young Captain Charles
Lloyd wera in direct contrast with the
downcast looks of his i brother who
brought the suit. *
For the purpose of avoiding confusion
in correspondence please note that th*
International Banking Corporation is In no
way connected with any bank and trust
company of similar name. •
International Banking Corporation.
BUTTE, Mont.. Oct. 17.— At an early
hour this morning two masked mounted
men rode up to the little station at
Welchs Spur, twenty miles east of this
city, and covering the operator with their
revolvers, drove him inside his office and
locked hint in. They then turned the sig
nal light so as to stop the next train. The
North Coast limited, the crack filer of tha
Northern Pacific, was due in half an
hour. The operator, F. K. Law, a boy of
20, threatened with death if he moved,
crawled on his hands and knees to his
telegraph keys and reaching from under
the table wired the operator at Home
stake to tell the engineer of the North
Coast not to stop, that bandits meant to
hold it up at Welchs Spur. The train
went through the latter place at forty
miles an hour and the bandits then rode
off. A posse took the trail at daylight.
NEW, YORK, Oct. ±i.— a letter was re
ceived to-day from Simon T. Bartlett,
captain of the ship Neptune, which is con
veying the expedition sent out under the
auspices of the Canadian Geological Sur
vey to undertake the exploration and
acquisition of Arctic territory- Besides
the scientists on the ship, the party in
cludes a squad of Canadian police, and
part of the purpose of the expedition is
said to be the checking of poaching in the
whale fisheries in Canadian waters. The
intention is, it is said, to survey the lands
north of the British territory and take
formal precaution, as far as possible, to
raise the British flag over lands here
tofore looked upon as neutral. The let
ter, which brings the first news of the
expedition since its departure from Hall
fax August 24,- follows:
PORT BUR WELL. North Labrador, Sept. 1,
1903. — We are now at the extreme end of Lab
rador and In the morning will leave for Cape
Haven and Black Lead In the Cumberland Gulf.
We hope to be in winter quarters by the 20th.
Expect to connect with a Newfoundland steam
er here about July 25, 1904, with coal and pro
visions, after which will proceed north along
the Greenland coast, crossing over to Ellsmare
Land, following the coast up Lancaster Sound,
returning by way of Cumberland Gulf, up Hud
son Bay to winter quarters, land the Governor
and his party and lay in a harbor at the mouth
of Hudson Strait as late aa possible, returning
home" via St. Johns. We are very comfortable.
We have material on deck to build a hnu«-\
On leaving we had 600 tons Welih and 30 t%is
anthracite coal, so we shall be able to keep
ourselves warm.
Neptune Expedition's
Purpose to Extend
Sovereignty.
Boy Operator Outwits
Bandits and Prevents
Hold-Up
CARRYING FLAG
TO NORTHWARD
RISKS HIS LIFE
TO SAVE TRAIN
Behind the idea of peopling the West
with prospective passengers and shippers
there is another motive influencing the
Union Pacific Railroad in the opening of
its lands to free settlement. By an act
of Congress approved July 10. 1S86, all the
granted lands, . excepting those unsur
veyed and those situated in unorganized
counties, were made taxable and under
this act the company has since paid a
total of $3,132,167 35 taxes. Men directing
the finances of the road have reached the
conclusion that the burden is one to be
thrown aside at the earliest possible mo
ment. .
The railroad officials assert that the
best land they hold in the- category men
tioned will be disposed of as quickly as
the least valuable. Irrigation has reached
the highest point of utility in Utah and
California. In Wyoming, ( Western Ne
braska and Kansas and in Eastern Colo
rado competent and conservative land
men say there i3 much land that with
scientific irrigation will be worth as much
as that in States .where irrigation is older.
The Union Pacific's total land grant
originally amounted to 18,547,844.24 acres.
The selling of land commenced in 1868 and
to-day there is still for sale 4,500,000 acres.
Under the plan of a year ago the sales of
land up to the first of the present month
were actually less than for the entire
year preceding, amounting to only 72,923
acres. This interesting information re
garding the sale of Union Pacific lands
would not be forthcoming were it not
for the abandonment of the old plan. It
is on the authority of Birdsall A. Mc-
Allister, land commissioner of the Union
Paciflo Railroad at Omaha. In extenua
tion of the failure of the plan to secure
colonization it Is pointed, out that this
small acreage netted to the road $225,869.
Last year 83,700. . acres brought $116,000.
The experience of Hill in the North
west was that even $3 an acre for land—
and this, was a high figure— would not
yield the financial returns in the future
that would 1 an assured settler at a few
cents an acre. The officials believe that
free land will result in unprecedented im
mlgrationi j It will be difficult, they think,
to devise means of securing actual settle
ment <by- provisos in the transfer papers.
4,500,000 ACRES FOR SALE.*
At the next meeting of the directors of
the Harriman roads the project will be
submitted and recommended by officials
at Omaha, whose advice is always heeded
in the railroad councils. By that time it
ls^xpected that Congress will have passed
the bill throwing open for settlement the
lands in the Rosebud Indian reservation,
in Gregory County, South Dakota, of
which there are homes for 2600 settlers.
The Northwestern road last year com
pleted a projection, into this domain and
is making an aggressive effort to promote
its development, so that if the Union Pa
cific opens a considerable part of its west
ern unoccupied possessions at the same
time it is not unlikely that the greatest
settlers' rush in Western land annals will
happen in consequence.
Hatriman is said to -have • concluded
with. Hill that selling off land obtained
under Government grants at v prices now
prevailing is an unprofitable way fo' settle
a country and develop railroads. The se
cret of profit-getting for the railroads in
yearg to come is colonization. What the
railroads want is not to be rid of the land
alone, but settlers, cattlemen and the
syndicates stand ready to take the land
off the companies' hands at substantial
prices, but the far-sighted railroad execu
tives know that land bought in this way
will .remain cattle ranges and unoccupied
investments for years to come.
The motives of the railroads stand re
vealed when the statement is 'made that
the Union Pacific carries twice the ton
nage from West to Kast as It does from
East to West, i What the railroads want
is freight from the East. Settlers alone
will solve the problem how to get it. The
great arid stretches of land which are
bound to be developed by irrigation can
be transformed Into populous cities and
prosperous agricultural ¦ centers which
will furnish the demand for commodities
manufactured in the East. The Union
Pacific reads in the reports of increased
traffic westward on th© Hill lines a les
son it was not slow to learn.
GREAT RUSH MAY OCCUR.
It was believed by the officials in charge
of the land department of the Harriman
road a year ago that the establishment of
a central office at Chicago, with branches
in the other cities of importance along
the line, for the sale of lands at small
prices would result in immigration out
stripping similar previous movements.
AVhat the expedient actually accomplished
wae considerably Increased receipts at the
expense of decreased colonization. Syndi
cates purchased the land fo,r speculative
purposes, and there were fewer immi
grants than in a single year for a decade.
The average price of land disposed of
during the past year the statistics show
to be greater than during the previous
years. The acreage disposed of was less
and the country was not populated as
thickly and quickly as was expected by
the originators of the plan. .
OMAHA, Oct. 17.— Satisfied that the plah
which has been In operation a year to
place the vast area of semi-arid lands
along the Union Pacific Railroad in the
West in the hands of home-builders is a
failure and that it is no longer financially
expedient to pay the Government large
sums annually in taxes, the executives of
the railroad have decided to adopt rad
ically different means to promote coloni
zation and secure relief from taxation.
It will be the opening for free settle
ment of a part of the lands in Western
Nebraska and Kansas, Eastern Colorado
and all of Wyoming. Possibly nominal
sums will be asked of the settlers, but the
plan is practically the same as that
adopted by James J. Hill in the North
west two years ago, with gratifying suc
cess.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Effort Will Be Made to Pop
ulate the Semi-Arid
West.
Taxes Are a Burden
and Settlers Are
. Wanted.
HARRIMAN MAY
GIVE AWAY LAND
THE SAN FBANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, OCTOBER 18, 1903.
24
ADVEBTISEMENTS. Tr^'r. i' ' ¦ ' ¦ ~ ' \.: . \ .. ¦ \ :¦ : ;
THOUSANDS OF YARDS OF THIS FALL'S MOST POPULAR WEAVES AT ALMOST HALF PRICE,
riV SALE such as we inaugurate to-morrow may be justly termed the greatest this or any other store ever planned.: Greatest in quantity—
¦>t^4^greatest in variety— and greatest in price reduction. Every yard selected solely upon merit, every weave an example of the loom's best
•^-^ product, every pattern of recent importation — a combination which places this superb stock beyond the point of improvement. The
early, and we are not, overstocked, nor have we any undesirable kinds that must be rid of at any price. We simply have
this sale to interest oar patrons— to benefit them, finding our reward, our profit, in the prestige it gives the department. It is in accord with
our determination to have qrcatef sales— give greater values— than any house within your reach.
|| COLORED DRESS GOODS. \\~' BLACK DRESS GOODS.
(— — All-Wool Altoatrow — L»ouble f £\esC- Voile and lonflon Twine Eta- O£?C Black Cheviot — 44 inches {V£» Q Priestley's Etamino— 46 inche;
: 9"7C f 1 j/T ?.. to?* l"ht w-iRhi'MH 0 mine— Vorv ohoic- all-wool ->O wide: our 75c quality; war- MJ)^ wide: no Black Roods are hette
raderLiL in colors of Pinfc 1 fabrics; 45 inches wide; both ranted a!l wool; shrunk and v yd known than Priestley's; i
'.ielit Blue Respila. Corn and Tan; the Ueht weight and shoer colors of New sponged; fast Black dye; greatest of coa .rse meshr openwork effect; th<
\-lr nualltv <no samples cut). Sale Blue. Gray. Castor.- Brown. Reseda and values at 35c Yard $l.oO quality for 95o Tan
price! i 27o Yard Black; adtual. value JL50. For.. 98e Yard ' . , ffmina \\
OrtP 3S-Inch Alpaca — In Navy. ! Q ¦ |O ' Scotch Mixtures— 34 inches Mf%C Black Alpaca— 52 Inches wide; <CI-35 ™" wide- a hi^ily Bllk-fln
m^ N«w Blue. Gray. Golden; NT 1 * wide; extra heavy weight." for ZtftSl the $1.00 quality; rich and V" Vd ' nished VoUe Ftfrnine* opei
"^yi Brown ground with neat V 1 yd nnest tailor suits; in choicest '?"yd lustrous Black; for skirts. J nd y " hG £. iS ?; "texture- rich and S i?k
wovn dot crrorts; a quality that al- mixed efteots; spongied and shrunk; waists and complete suits; immense Black- our !¦> 00 in-adp fnr S1.35 Yarc
ways Bells at 75c yard. Salo price., j actual $1.75 quality. Sale price barerain at 48o Yard ~~T "' graa.ior..»i« x«
f*f\C Crepe rte Paris VoUe Etamine ! f|OC Satia • rtelsli e<l ZiDellnes— />«rf London Twine Etamine— 44 Sk\'^ fpches^wide^^actus^^valu!
for? - ¦'¦¦•* Satia Prncella— 3 of the M(j^ Very stylish now for street K/ Z, inches wide; the $1.00 K rade: V'yd Ji 75 vard- r beiuUful licht-
"^yd mo.n popular weaves, in the V yd dresses; 50 inches wide; in V/ yd . a coarse mesh; openwork ma- T weieht and sUkv material
lon-Jine shades, including Cream and colors of Navy. Garnet, Brown. Gray. terial: a splendid dtep Black; our $1.00 r } cn and i us tron<» •Rlaok Sale nrice
ill-irk; Qm $1.00 quality for.. 69c Yard Oreon. Castor and Mack; our regmlar grade. Sale price. ......... .67o Yard " Cn anQ mstrous BlacK - 91 Yarc
I C S **<> Srtma. ClotH and Venetians— ! «-3« e rade - Sale P rlce 98c Yard ' •
•Si m Th ** 52.00 qualities; 52 inche3 S "y £¦ f* Fancy Zibelinea — 54 inches riOf"* Black Hop Sacking 1 — 501nches <p>tci: English Broad Cloth 55
V B y0 wide; beautiful satin finish \ J 7\ A wide; splendid weight for tail- HA^ wide; our $1.50 quality; a Jir"r inches wide; one of the fines'
fabrics; colors of Navy, Casror. Gray, j or-made effects; in all the v v y0 very popular Fall fabric; fast t" ya imported and grand qualitj
Brown, Gjirnet. Tan and Black. Sale new Fall colorings; sells regularly at Black, London dye; elegant value at., for tho swellest Black tailor suits am
price $1.35 Yard I $1.25 a yard. Sale price 75o Yard .* 98o Yard coats; the $2.50 quality for. $1.65 Yart
Sale of SHEETINGS, BLANKETS and COMFORTERS that great soc silk sale.
•-»., -y?riss wide BK&rhM Sheet- r\ (\ C $'-50 Comforters for (PA .25 ie success we achieved last week is an incentive to do even better thi:
tecia rn-xj weariTig quality, soft W J \j nxtra Quality, double size com- ibll-^h week; for to-morrow \\t have oreoared again some amazinsr Silk bargains
S?i vard ..' . ..rr. 8U . f-'..* f 7«». ni^!>; stit.hed and fliw c f^" This offer is not of Odd Ends, but every yard is of recent purchase that \.
with pure wnite cotton. On sale at..«..5 each ffom manufacturer at a Kreat 'sacrifice. Those on Sale tO-morrOV
I5c Pillow Casing for A OC $6.50 Blankets for - OM .85 include the choicest stvles in Fancy Striped and Checked Taffetas. Louisines
«nJr.S3?a l *y 6 to^'ZZ tSlX 4 tSSPSk*****: PJ«n and Novelty Moires: regular $1.00, $1.25 and $i. S o Silks on sale be*in
make, ror 12c yard fleecy; worth $G.5O each. 'ling Monday, at oOC a yan
\ More Savings in Linings and Notions | vgoo rg 25 oft £HEVI^ff| J^i
., Read carefully, for every item is reliable and at saving: prices, too. T tPi^^ h HI s^f^^Ofm^ f^_ IM^m 1^
CM VCIJ TW;| I I Ik'IWR 24c fnr lOincrts Per- .1c for 5c PLn Bocks. iH Ml wi»» " MONDAY HIS^^BH '
; ilLKtU niiLL LIMKb, Mmed Ph;olci«. So for 12c Sateen Tape ******
i rhi peculaj 25c A f} f 3o for :•• Duplex Safety Measures. We havo hppn offfrinc pomp remarkable £KS^J| WJSJT Mi*4. J??O.# J
j, .*¦. •¦. ,), ut T r~\ v Pins. 7«- for 10c Xatohorjk Cheviot values of late. t>ut for to-morrow you ** M\ Wm*dBwBBmlf\
I T~ ¦¦• ard* a X \J\rt ~° rrr 1(v a:l ' 3 '2c Hair Snars. will ftrt values absolutely without a parallel. I VI
niagmfic-ent lin- * Pins. Oc fftr 15c Bone Casing. Juet think of Ketting $1.00 and $1.25 Cheviots * Hm ~*^~
ir.K for complete dresses, in So for 12c Tracing Oc for 12c large Cube <for 50c a yard, and the most stunning styles
the !ea<itr.r ihaVs, al»o Wh*^!*. • Pins. of this fall, which are so popular now for waists. A irreat variety' to choose from in
Mack. Monday and Tuet- 2«« /for 5e Aluminum 4Sc for 75c Wrist Bags. checks, plaids, stripes, dots and plain white effects. Your choice of 1200 yards for
u.-;> ....lOc yard "%h\m\>\ea. ¦..-..- 05c. for $1.50 Wrist Bags. Monday only at i , 39c yard
OUR SUIT DEPARTMENT OFFERS GREAT VALUES-MONDAY AND TUESDAY (Iptf-hor I 300 QqId
Tailored Sujts-^Coats— Skirts - Jackets and Waists UulUUul LQUU OdlC
Our thomatt and sale of Suits and Costumes for this week 4 is the best we have There is a big demand now for th£s<
made yet. No sale was ever more carefully prepared than this. Never were the fabrics %efiT Laces for evening waists, and Monday
<o well selected : never were the styles and tailoring so harmoniously perfect; and as to yjfidipDv and Tuesday you will have an oppor-
price, they were never so !ow considering style and quality. /Myf/fe\ tunity to get some Re'nuine Lace bar-
$30.00 Ladies Tailored Suits for $37.50 and $40.00 Suits for mfm ££
;£l re S •*22" 52 iE^S I^O^^^ en ' se *" Over Laces
made of choice i '"•-Tea long fitted Jack- m^ m w*^*w&&-» A large variety in the prettiest pat-
mixtures and blue and black materials; c t styles; in long Blouse effects, with and * s > W#iVA terns on sale as follows:
nicely trimmed with tailor straps, new pleat- without capes, of the choicest tweeds, mix- r 6 !llm%-. | r - 2 5 and $ J -35 Laces for DSc yarc
ed sleeves and 7-Kore skirts; a great value at t ures and fancy Zibeline. A great leader at h t\ ||| 1\\> $1.75 and $1.85 Laces for.. $1.39 yarc
J S.jooo. On sale *?2'2.r>O C ach this price. /•/ |P\lVO^ |> Rl
Two Grsal Coat Bargains sale of Dress and Walking Skirts jtSr - DrapBry NetS
At $10.00 and $15.00 Each We are now holding a great sale of J \ ] V\
»| Military Box Coats of Black Zibeline with skirts. The savings are extraordinary. In- y/7 l\ >f\ Black and %vhite, 4S inches wide
% the latest puff slcetfes; also collarless Ker- eluded are skirts of Etamine, Cheviots. <V^ fl \ )|\ worth $1.00 to $1.50 a yard.
i sey Coats in Black or Tan. with the best Cloths and fancy mixed materials; the fin- k / 1 m\ OaIa Drinn 7fi« ll«r V*T
I fstin lining: worth $15.00 and $20. On ishing is perfect. On sale from <JLl \ yLS OfllR. rllCB I Jli rfil' YlL
j sr..I e at and each $2.»8 to »?1 7.45 each — ~ VUIU I I IWU I UU I Ul I Ul
! •¦ . _ . COU.NTllY ORDERS RECEIVE PROMPT ATTENTION. SALE OF FLANIMELS,
*\ nBW LllGVlOt \\31StS« Wk jfaJ & *m I! N « w Scotch Tennis Flannels, the *•%, w r
\ HfeU ?/liVflU*. W £3LSm jm jTiiI1L_LI JJJl^J - It prettiest styles we have yet of- QCC
\\ . dr ,~~ ' / ~^^ltSrw^^Jr M fFred. In dainty PtripeB an<1 checks, cjfl
< ome and ?r»o these stun- ff/\ JKfif //lO / J3I>« >»/ >( / 1 suitable for Waists. Klmonas and v *- r yi
J • :- u Waists that go on V l AW A^&&T*jT Af& / & men's shirts; special price 35c yart
sal. to-morrow. They have \p£»Each 2000 WliS IOC OUTING FLANNEL fOF
; ¦in received. Most . • 1 r »
j perfect flttins W.lrt. of the chol^t Ox- »^^ J£k\Sg$%*£. XS^i*tV^*ni ft Q
- : -.i Cheviots nr.6 many of the latest de- ,(\iJ *ttmwrmtiJrrl I » * ' gray. Monday only fi
M . _, ¦ 11 • j i.'.-.u *4 /Vh * mmmw - Vf l/f
'•* T)* i C13.ll'V "D!TlCCCl« • ¦ viin # t.'Af. p» ¦ ¦ • ¦«••«¦•• •••••••••••••••••««••« ••••••••• y *
ADVERTISEMENTS.
WARNING
ABOUT
DIAMONDS
Should any dealer offer for sale Imitation
diamonds and represent them to be Bapph-
Dlamonds remember that these gems can only
be procured at one place on the Pacific Coast,
124 Kearny st., S. F. I have no ajjencles on
the Pacific Coast except my palace at • 124
Kearny st., where this gem U demonstrated
and sold side by sld« with real diamonds, and
never sold under electric lights.' The motive
of the above precaution is to protect the public
from procuring some inferior substitute which
might be represented to be this phenomenal
masterpiece of human handicraft, the Sapph-
Diamond. ' , .
TMs gem is cut by diamond workers with
exact : number of facets ' as the *enulne, and
its excessive hardness causes it to receive that
high polish which throws the. same prismatic
fire as the real, thus producing a luster and
brilliancy which by far : outclasses all 'former
efforts of science. Guaranteed to wear and re-
tain' its brilliancy. * .
The Sapph-Diamond appeals only to a class
that would appreciate | a near facsimile of the
real diamond at a moderate price.
Rubles, Bmeralds, Sapphires, and Pearls of
almost equal modern construction. Send stamp
for catalozue. ... \ ¦ x.;
Western Agency, 134 Kearny St., S. F., Cal
J. C. DAVIDSON, World's Greatest Diamond
Imitator. • ' ' ' • . •• ';•¦•'."¦ . . '
ADVXRTISEjMENTS.
I •. • . ¦ gan Francisco. Sunday, 18 October, 1003.
Pure white or
green enamel
A practically designed bed, built for service. The
chills are all neatly finished and the corner posts are
ornamented with brass knobs. Full double width and
measuring 60 inches high at head and 43 inches at foot.
Price $10.00. •
Three hundred pairs of Nottingham curtains on sale
Monday and Tuesday. Regular $1.25 curtains for 90
cents. No telephone or mail orders will be honored
and not more than four pairs will be sold to any one
buyer. The patterns are good imitations of real laces
taken from our regular stock.
Will you share or miss this offer ?
We expect to move into our new Geary street build-
ing about the middle of November. In answer to many
queries will say that there will positively be no re-
moval sale.
(Formerly the California Furniture Co.)
957 % to 977 Market Street, San Francisco
coocoo«fecoG©oeoo«eocoocao<»ooo«oo©oeooooooo©oo
1 Victor Extension Tables |
| 15 !s one of the finest tables ever manufactured., §
« 1 easllu and rapldlg operatelljusimplu extending •
g either enl anl lifting leaves into position. Call ana J
§ see them. We can save uou 25 per cent on Bed Sets, 3
« Parlor Goods, Carpets, etc., as we own our Building— •
§ pau no rent anl give nou the Deneflfln low prices %
o anl "Llttle-at-a-tlme M paumsnts. - •. •
| THE J. IMOONAN FURNITURE CO. |
t» 1017-1021 MiQcinn above sixth, • •
w iui/-iUiS^ mission ou, Near New Pt8tof fj' cc . g
<JtQSQQOO*9eQQ0Q99m09Q9**W0QQ*99Q9Q%Qf9Q0QQ
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
THE DOCTORS WHO CURE
SAN FRANCISCO'S LEADING PHYSICIANS and EXPERT SPECIALISTS \
/f^^t W E TREAT AND CURE
§$i?$!s£e s\ CATARRH. Nose and Throat Troubles. Nervous Dls«*«e». Kidney
&£&&*?&. e&K at> d Llrer Diseases. Bladder Troubles. Heart Disease. Dlaea*p» of
%&v§S&r? L T?k the Stomach and Bo*tl.«, Plies. Fistula «ni Rectal D'.»ea«»^. Kema ,
W*HvS*^ -#WrT Complaints, Chronic Diseases of Women ajid Children. Rickets. Spin.
rafy Sdr \ »1 Trouble*. Skin Dl iea:es. Deafneis Asthma. Bronchial and Lur.j
sA\»» \ Trouble*. Rheumatism. Hay Fever. Neuralgia. Hyateri*. E*r Dl»-
ease*. Goitre or BIb Neck. Varleocele. Lest Manhood, etc. : Blood
aJ Diteaaea. Private D laeasea. Scrofula and all forms of Nervous an J
Jl p&l Chrcnlc Disease* (that are curable).
jL ~~lCjir I OXJB MOTTO: A low fee.9 (J^^^^SjS. {
jg|k P^\ lixtUck cure, mild aai palale«s A^'^^ 1^^^
"constUtatloa In person or fc*.
r 7 letter *"• t0 aU * CaU or *& **^^^t
Ir. A. J. Shore*. C '¦ -O Lj^
HOME CURES BY MAIL K^ r W
Do not despair because you live at a distance from theclty. Vr*. . , >^^5?{*k '
Phorea" new system of HOME TREATMENT makes it ea«7 to *et ; 'VW»i5v l
expert advice and treatment at home. Their new symptom b!an* JBr JSBrfss*
covers every symptom of disease which enables them to diaursosa J^v-mwf^tifiyi
your case and tell you what your trouble \m. what can be done fir JLJTf&Xia fsW
you. and what the cost of a cure, will be. WRITE If you cannot <V^\«tiS**P2*> J^
call for their new symptom list and taice advantage of the FREB
EXAMINATION. Whether you taka treatment or not. the ad- "f>*Warv^
vice costs you nothing. Dr. 0. W. Blunt.
y WEAK MEN PAY WHEN CURED
If von suffer from any of the weaknesses *" r f Z2" flrst • nd thea » s * * REA-
or diseases caused by ignorance, exceas or SO.SABLE FEE -when you are cured. Tou
contasrlon TOU ARE THE VERT PERSON ** a , <J«pend upon our word; thousands ot
WE WANT TO TALK TO. - &"!?.£ T ,T-r!2. do i!lf d . U1 - NOW .
We have proven our skill la curios; WANT TO CXTRE TOU with the diatlnct
CHRONIC diseases by publishing the many i™"* 4 ".? 111 * that we wln n °t demand a
voluntary testimonials from home peopl*. FEE "ntll we cure you. This applls* to
riving names, pictures and addresses. ">»* Manhood, Seminal -Weakness. 3p»r-
We Can't Publish Our Cures In VSSSr&ltfSSS&ttXZ. °<U h r !
Private Diseases. B^ ,» p J l t 'Srw£^fet«
Because it would betray confldenoe. Hencs men. ' •
we have to prove our ¦kill In this class ot OFFICE HOURS: 0 a. m to 4-30 o m •
troubles In another way. This Is our plan. Evenings 8:30 to 8; Sundays 10 *. "nx to IX
Drs. Shores a Shores, Expert Specialists, 933 amn^rl^JSrcmi.NEW YORK. Oct. 17.-Although neither I
f\ir was heard to utter a cross word to :
the otlu-r. Isa?~c P. Beach of Branford, ,
Conn., has brought divorce proceedings i
against Mrs. Beach on the ground of in
tolerable cruelty. They have been mar
ried ten years. Both are deaf mutes and
the testimony in the case will be given
h%- witnesses similarly afflicted.
Deaf Mute Wants Divorce.
PORT TOWNSEND. Wash., Oct. 17.—
The plant of the Pacific Wireless Tele
graph Company ¦was thrown open to the
public here to-day. The apparatus ¦worked
satisfactorily on the initial message,
which advised President Roosevelt of the
completion of connections of Fort Casey
on Whidby Island with the land lines of
ihe big ti-legraph companies. Following
lhis a large number of congratulatory
messages were passed between Fort
Casey and this city.
Wireless Work in Northwest
SACRAMENTO. Oct. 17.-Convlcts J. H.
Wood and Joseph Murphy, who were held
to answer yesterday for the murder of
Guard W. L,. Cotter at the Folsom State
prison on July 27 last, were arraigned in
tho Superior Court this morning. Both
defendants pleaded not guilty to the
charge of murder and demanded separate
trials. The casts will be called for trial
on November 12. §
Convicts Want Separate Trials.
DATTON. Ohio, Oct. 17.— With no excuse
to offer other than they had spent the
night quarreling. Charles F. Welffenbach,
well connected In Dayton, early to-day
choked his wife to death. lie then tried
to sleep, but a half-hour later arose and
prepared and ate his own .breakfast.
I^ater he wnt to the tobacco warehouse
where he Is employed as foreman and
gave instructions for the day's work. He
then went to police headquarters, coolly
told the story of his crime and was
locked up. ¦
Chokes His Wife to Death,
Judge Klrkpatrick refused to Interfere
In the proposed sala of the cruiser Chat
tanooga, which Is advertised for sale by
the Sheriff of Union County, Tuesday
next. The sale Is to be made to satisfy
the claim of Babcock & WIlcox, boiler
makers, who claim to have been unable
to collect a bill of $18,500. Judge Klrk
patrick says the fight was begun In the
State court and will have to be held there.
He says that If the Sheriff sells the ves
sel he will do so at his peril, but that the
court will not atop him or say whether he
has or has not a right to proceed with the
sale.
NEWARK, N. J., Oct. 17.— Judge Klrk
ratrick of the United States District
Court to-day signed an order permittin'g
the opening of the Crescent shipyards at
Ellzabethport Monday next to complete
the building of the Mexican cruisers
Tamplco and Vera Cruz, In accordance
with the agreement between Receiver
Smith of the United States Shipbuilding
Company and the Consul for the Mexi
can Government, by which the latter
agrees to furnish the money to complete
the cruisers. -^
Court Signs Order Permitting Cres
cent Shipyards to Complete
War Vessels.
MEXICO TO FDTLNTSH
MONEY FOB CRUISERS
Suggests That Fort Davis, Near Daw
son, Be Abandoned and Drill
Ground Acquired.
WASHINGTON. Oct. IT.— General Fred
erick Funston in his report on the Depart
ment of the Columbia gives a general re
view of the conditions existing in the de
partment, which includes the Pacific
Northwest and Alaska. As the result of
a personal tour of Alaska during the sum
mer General Funston suggests that a dif
ferent station be found for the troops at
Valdez. because a mountain two thousand
feet high lies just south of the post,
which shuts off the sun for a large por
tion of the day. At Fort Egbert, which
is near the Arctic circle, he found that
the officers had a culitvated garden In
which they raised their own vegetables.
He cays that the question of maintaining
all the military posts In Alaska Is one
•'requiring more knowledge of the policy
and intentions of the Government than
if vouchsafed to department commanders,
before it can be intelligently dealt with."
At four of the pests on the military tele
graph line all the available force is needed
10 maintain the line. He recommends
that Fort Davis, near Dawson, be aban
doned, as the military is not needed there.
The people of that community, numbering
about 10,000, are not turbulent, and most
of them, he cays, could be called uporl
to support the civil authorities. General
Funston speaks in high terms of the sig
nal corps which has constructed the
miltary telegraph line In Alaska.
General Funstcn recommends that a i
large tract cf land at American Lake, i
near Tacoma, be acquired for the pur- j
pose cf a drill ground and camp for con- '
centration In case of war.
Sj*elal Dispatch to Th« Oil.
RIVERSIDE. Oct. 17.-A dlastrous
freight wreck occurred this moraine on
Um I't-rrls-Temecula branch of tha Santa
I> road in Box Springs Canyon, about
<-;x m'.ies east of Riverside and tha same
(jistance south of High Grove, where tbe
branch to the San Jacinto and Perria val
]cys connects with the main line from
Baa Bernardino to Orance.
J. McAndrews # a brakemar., was in-
Etantly killed and eight freight care w«re
totally wrecked. It was the.north-bound
mixed train from Temecula to San Ber
nardino, consisting of twenty-one freight
cars and a combination coach, that met
with disaster.
The curves through the canyon are
Eharp and the grade la steep. One of
the cars near the middle of the train
Jumped the track and seven cars followed,
plunging down the side of an embank
ment. The engineer, thinking the train
had rsu-ted. put on full steam to prevent
the reaf section plunging down the grade
into the first section. As he rounded a
curve ha saw the train had been wrecked.
McAr.drews, who was walking from one
car to another, had his head crushed and
his leg broken. Death must have come
instantly. He has a wife living at San
Diego, where the remains will be shipped
for interment. He was 36 years of age
and had been en the run four months.
Conductor Harris was the only person
in the combination car. He was badly
cot and bruised.
Th© cars that left the track contained
al>out equal quantities of baled hay and
Backed trraln. Hundreds of sacks were
smashed osen. It Is thought the wreck
«-se /-cneert Kv thA Tails snreadintr.
TXJNSTON RECOMMENDS
DEPARTMENT CHANGES
Conductor* Is Injured When
Cars Plunge Over an
Embankment.
Freight Trains Meet
With Disaster Near
Riversida
BRAKEMAN DIES
IN THE WRECK
THE SAN- yEANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, OCTOBER 18,' 1903.
25
K When every store in town announces "the best at the lowest prices," "the Accounts can be opened by responsible parties. Apply to our Credit ' Sale Of Canary Birds
$ M liberal trea tmC nt" and all that, it finally become, a matter of faith and con- ,^^^W^ be sent CO.D. Singing birds distributed in all parts Of the StOFe Will
JJ fidencc m .hctorc that you patron.ze -^r be Q f the unj and attractive fe3tures of next
>: Have you traded stcadi.y wU h the Emporium for six months or more? If so, S/1 M/» A wpp\{\ riKnlflVS ThPSP hirrk rirrip nirprr frnm thp
V we are .ure that we btrcyour full confidence: and we know that we have en- *JL&' 4*6 ~ f *~ u J 1^ ' " eS^ DirQS C ? me Q . ireCt trOm the
* deavored to deserve it in every way. W e know that you hare '..red money . ¥/£ {? &fcs*sgS /^ShJ- g g & M** H "- Z Monn . ttmi £ Gc "™V nd ££» °f * c °™g°™nt °' J3.OOO
$ over the forme cost of things; that there has never been a question about ex- &^£r/ £"^^/SS^/nyi^iJLiyifi T^ % T™' A T 7 £ "* 1 I^"^ "*"" °V u™" '"*
* .ogoods; that money ha, been cheerfully refunded to you whenever you "^' %^%^ M MMU **«•' For .ejrerd day, they will carol their sweet song, for the p:ea 5 ure of
I- h."«kedV^^^ 'CALWRNIA'S"ttRGEST> / „»¦» patrons of the big store, and will then be .oid at about the cost of importing.
» us* c asxcu u, »• j ,__:«„„, .,„„„ i:l ,u- j ..I m i Tii |I|U 'HI *'"* Beginning to-morrow you can select your bird and u wn be *f* * *-%*%.
£ men's With our monev-back guarantee, is not a store like this a good one to , in ¦ i.hi i J, I fflTOWtir""*^^ ,,-j • • i- ¦ v • t i • *K a 5<€m
I pin your faith to ? ' ' a^^^SS^^ Sa^fi,lAZ^\tr<'S GRANDEST STORE delivered to you m good condition at the very special sale price #*Ojy
| Beautiful Hand-Made I ~ Our MoUel Gowns sutd Wraps ~~| Millinery With
£ French LingBMe For Fall and Winter, I9O3-'O4 . -„ „ „
I Recced One-Third Reduced One-third f to One-half a Charm A " " s Own
* <sk Beginning Monday and during . . c hpantifni npw i^L
I 6iSte,(»as5? %§? Were - Now- so h -s^n
I %'-![ USU1 u ~ e 0 /° F ' r ench tin gel "e the week, the Emporium's |§|i* lf*> $150.00 Gowns .... $100.00 wood fiber hce com- f«te|M
: at about thrcost offi and Vienna mode, g). $225 . O o ¦¦ .... $ , 0 0.00 "
i \. KB v re nrivii^ed to «wt offered at a reduction of /TJzk ..ffr^UMw*r " ....$150.00 with ostrich feath- \? S M
I KJi> I You n« pnviepd to select /A/rf/ , // / jQh^llP 3^ C9nnnn „ tnqnn ers and rosettes of -,£&&
\i r*rr^^r from our entire stock of imported one imra w one naij oj ine C^^u \vrnJ ltilM> AX \ >4J ffi^Vs«^ S200.00 " ....$125.00 rl .L ftt , X^A^iUU ;«f
i M/\, underwear, at one-third less than original prices. S^lW^^W^^^ \v?^Cf\ " CIA9 « A^ f \ /MrM\
i (i V) the marked prices. These charming exam- \ A%m>Mfi I n\W $325 ' 00 ....$162.50 and steel ornaments, ¦ /W^Jmj \
l'5 -A i Every garment is pies of the dressmaker's \}.?U imk\W(lt" 5275.00 " ....$150.00 in black, pale blue ViO^ftjf^ \
i M^tr^CW hand- made of the art, designed by some of i fll\\\ *5SU 00 " S17500 an^ white, are most
\i %lV|.\ ,<-V«F*&> best qualities of the most famous modistes /llHl\nJl\ lo-rc'nn <. v; ***«nnn reasonabl y P nced at • • • • tf fO #i#l
* KT^i^^) mUSlinS, longdothS in Europe, ,b.ve been in the .tore but fl I il Vf \ 275 ' 00 ..-.$150.00 §12.00
£• \*L* i 'A^\^ s^^\'\ <^ : y c\r\A Frpnrh nain- little more than one month, but they 'Ml I f « ,/ UWl \\ \ i 1 \ \ 00 '* 11175100 ...
J^Sjm^'iw !nW.cSm a a ?p havc scrved lheir P ur P° sc » modcl mil ! I 11 \ I \ V #^ U ' UU • • ' • 5 175 - 00 . BlacK Hals-Made of mohair braid and chenille, trimmed
S sooks. some are and now at £ c * beginni / | | | \ \ \ \ \ $450.00 " ....$225.00 w " h °«™\ L fMthcrs ' and P<""po«» a*y sg%
| hand embroidered, of thc 8cason we offcr / hcm % t Iess | I H \ \ \ t r mm «« wnnn ' and vcIvct nbbon ' on] ? &fm&U
S W SOme Scalloped, than the actual cost of importation. ij£r%\ ¦* 3UU ' yA) "" ***>*? Misses' French Sailor Hats-Trimmed with embroidered
'$• others trimmed in real Valenciennes and The gowns and coats offered in this m^Wll, \Wlw!#S. jSfc- $600.00 " $300.00 felt, and binding ot teit, just the thing for school,
5 Smyrna laces, and Still Others are beaUti" ««lcwer e de3ignedbjrinchwell-knowa m /\U/ \\^^Mj^^ «11Snf) rnats «7S00 very pretty and very reasonably priced — —
* tnrkpd and rihhnn trimmed ¦ rs " ' rancls> B!anch Lc /// #\\//v {WFm?^ »H5.uu v^oats W.W . h ..;.... &Mw7p
£ 'Uny tucKea ana ripoon mmmea. , Bouvi Braunstai Purdeaux Bccr J Ji \JWW^ «??snn " liliooo
h There is a complete line of tingle pitccs. bridal set?, etc. , . . __. ' It/ [/// \\\ \\ \X jp£6D.\J\J ' •SllU.Uw _ . — Ryf-J« ~c .:tl u m» j •
! »; Gown, that were^3.50 to £=9.50 now . $2.34 to 3119.67 S «« Mayer, Maurice Mayer, Gerson JT If/. \ \ \L,JR " > * Bonnets and Toqvcs-Madc of 81 !k, chemLe and Jet;
jj- Drawers that were $1.75 to *ia. S o now .. . $1.17 1° $8.34- B'.um, M. Pakuin, Drcscoll (Vienna), r M \ \^^ — $225.00 ....$125.00 finished with pompons, aigrettes and fancy feathers,
Ijr Chemiif* that were to $10.98 now. . . H.17 v>]$7.32 Leroy, Wallei, Doucet, Harvetand \c^^!t*//l]smtA ,«**• * «« (1CAAn and good quality velvet ribbon, black •— g%g%
* Skirtt that were $a.7S to J32.50 now.. $1.84 to $2UG7 CalJot Socvrs . -^^fZ&l^^ $150.00 and white . 9& mlMU
I* Corset Covers that were Si. 98 to J17. 50 now $f 32 to $il.o7 . t>—^ . . , ....
I Our Great Annual Sale Medium and High Grade
I Furniture and Carpets Is a Pronounced Success
f £^^4-^; 'JjS We have just the furniture for people who want dependable serviceable things at a moderate cost. We positively do not jggp|g^5^gggggj^
i M^^^^^^^W . ._ , .—..., can T the cheap trash grades that are merely made to sell and not to give I^^ I ffilii^s^r^|
i fi^fhxx^^"'' 11 ~~W$] %X^^WW^^\% long service. We are determined that every buyer of good lines of furni- . v m jBg '! i I \ |j||
'H i'll^^^^ ' M I *J^7 / I ture anc^ cal 'P et s, in California, shall know what a choice stock of fine fur- Kf r5 ST V ' v ' y v ' SrfMi
* im^^W\ m ft /// / / i* nishings we do carry, and to that end we have reduced the prices on many ,.,, -,„„ ,„ Ml|l I I'Wi'J $ vl
i tul^ VN^ -J /' thousands of dollars' worth, much of it fully a third. A few sample prices Kf^g^^^^^^ m Wrr^r'^A' wWi
I li " % iSMMBBM I Sale of High-Grade Carpets i "iT^lf Bill
: f \ $LLLJi--Ja>. i""pju '4 1 ' f I \ These are the lowest prices at which we have ever known i§§ - i/iW ' ''i«J .^ M ''aUffl
*: | |^S^^^^^^^^^i "* * $2.10 Roya! BunrJhar. Wiltons $1.65 These tWO Sizes of all-WOOl V $ \
\i This Mahogany Folding Bed-With This Mahogany Dressing Table- Colo- . .J|-«? l^^^T^l " ,.5«.78 Smyma RugS in a Variety Of Ladies' Desk,- Solid golden oak, This China Cabinet- Fine quality
g French beveled plate mirror, 36x48 inches, n:.l deiign, top 22x40 bche S handscmrly $'-65 Royal WIltOH Velvets . . .U $1.37 hfl A SQme pff eC tS I 1* ?' WOrkmanlhl P» S"'ter- f awJd oak ether golden or
*. bed when opened 50x71 inche., ha, b«t grained wood, large French beveled plate $1.85 Smith &. Sanforf's Extra Velvets .. .$1.65 llttlt<aov " J ' ' highly polished, was 157.50, citf to . Antwerp finish, leaded glass door and
£ quality all-steel fpiral iptinp, reduced from mirror, gla.s pulls on drawers, was #50.00, §163 LOWCM Axmlnsters $L37 26x54 inch. 36x72 ineh. $42.50 ends, u 68 inche! lugh, 47 inches w^e;
S 'vari£toP«teCi«^f-Ad.tS t CuHyBircU re ,,in ? T.bl«^?afg;^ *<"™* «•««« Brussels \\ W^'.. 7SO Reg.... $2.00 $4.00 CClarette-Weathered oak, alrncst <«™< *™ * 6 1S° <°' ' *52.76
I $ artirtlc piece of parlor funvture, always *l F.cnch plate mirror, beautifully marked $3.00 BlgelOW Lowell, Royal Wiltons $2.60 Q w SI.45 S2.60 feet . h5 S h - compartment, for Bquor,, Oriental Tabourette- Pyro etched,
!tf propriate no matter what othir style fu-n!*h- wood and highly polithed, all outlines grace- Sold by samble-io be shipped from New York. m*mw-w***r w ~ cigar*, pipes, etc., was cut to will look well in den, hall or smoking
Jf ingsyou have, was g 5 o. now.. $30.40 fully curved, was 522. 5 o,cutto5yg,75 ~^^^^~^ . -^ . ¦ . S23.4O room, was gl2.5o,cut to .. $9.85
S Nemo Corsets Now Being Silk DrOSS Nets $1 Crepe de Chine Salts and Peppers 43c a pair
I a .pcciai Z*y m °"o?*r™\f?»\c of th e cci.- 48c the Yard jsg the Yard . A limited quantity of very pretty fancy
j bratsd "Nemo" Corsets is being conducted in our conct Thousands of yards of 45-inch wide silk jj ne Q f Deau tjf u i crepy finish extras g^ ass sa^ an( i pepper shakers with heavy
* department, aii the new models are on view and thc dress nets, in all black, all white, white flua ii tv Creoe de Chines— the DODular silk, 'sterling silver tops in assorted designs
! I ±$$$^Mi " d S f§?0& ™*™*' a L f * S' Pott for a ev y en^g P tear andshirtwai^t" m§ will be'secured by ear.y comers Monday
Sf conetiere direct to us from New York, she win be 5 ?:, "re aJ£>a «ftc in ftrt otSrl, much-wanted colors as T at about half their actual'worth. .
j: giad to adv»c you regarding the proper model for your d Esprit nets, dotted nets.in i fact, every ljaht blue white The soecial Drice oer oair will be A9C
i individual needs. . new and desirable style, such as will be ian ii o iil uiue wnue me special price per pair win De -*••*«*
J . -. =—7: used this fall to cover dresses and waists; % X W turquoise red _ —
% Sa L eL iP ei Z Do * ! eS all on sale Monday and Tuesday only at nav y cream etc Some Brilliant New Dress
i .A-g^^^g|^ iliiSttit'vi 48g A iiffi l w e^ s ScaWn i f ( 5g- wm^^W&^§
V sizes, finished with pretty ltce borders— entirely new de- perydiu..... ............. w j MnnHav nniv # Otr 38-inch Fancy Tweeds— And zibehne effects— all wool.,
J. signs— can be stamped to be embroidered without extra These nets worth up to $r. 75 yard. main aiSie On lVlOnaay Only gome ' mk dej . gns and ncw coloring$j per ?d^ qq q
X charge, are offered for Monday only at these unusually _ mmm - -^ M .
i ifSife 70 W0 pOm D ' nn^ rSe1 on All Indian Goods .^^^^^tSTEK
i 717 in. 1 ;c Doilies lor 9c flflOttftSiy $7m40 Half PHCB ThiS Week S2 an j S 4-i nch Scotch Mixtures— Soms choice eSict. in
J ijxi.in . » S c Ddlie, for . . •••'»• And other Crockery Dept. Bargains The most important sale of Indian curios. g W . »nd browi,.. h.nd»mc m . PP «r.ncc and will-
I Mz£vs?$?£zF£ Wi m k ¦ h^ somc >c T c r b!e . A -r\ B r^ hite rP baskets - blanketSi etc - ever attempted in thls dty - e " c 7 T* WM "i- i •" J ; f
I r , B ub i ,,,b T; ob 5 ,, f6 han,.,i r r 1 . lir ,.un ggg^^^g^^g^ This week we ¦ will sell any basket.
S dcrwear, etc., marked at our regular department store iOW J iUC *•*""»"«;«; »*.*. « v . r , e u ' hlfinkpt or Other artirlp in Stock classed as ~ / i j-j i j **< *r»
%' . 6 v 1 1 o.oo, on Monday only . . . &7.4O UldiiKei ui umci diutic in mu«-R . ciaaacu <is nal, etc., a splendid value at yard . . . .$1,50
; pnc "- . , Indian curios, at exactly one-hall their marked ..,,;,
j Sales ot Sheetrng, a £ .^^^^Sv $3*50 G&t*I*i&iSB $7.30
I White Cambric and ffljfa £? -3jT\ Monday Onlv
V UCaai/iiai/lC UCWUIfllt/ LT^S^-f ' " Z^^y ffa *$?m<Zffl^ £^^\\U\W^^^>\ A $ma:1 lot onl y of thcsc h' indsomc Whitney Bibv Carriagti that
Birgairuof the inspiring kin i from our large household goods depart- m -^ft"V^ ' R^^^^^^w\rV^^^^ri retail regularly at 50 each,' to •
jfc° ment in th- dry goods i:cti.>n. Note thesi generous reductioni for -fcl^^iiii^l .jJr/^, j/* *' \^^m^\*j^f^'[^^jj^^^r^ be sold tomor- rf» «y &f% ' /j^^E*^
*j •» •/¦ \ 1 • r • • "^-^mbm^b^ -*iSii^^^^^^~ — Mw^"^-^SfijBHrl^*^^ -!j W^^faj^B^M^^^^^CTaJiS*^*,/ nAX^l Ey jM^^fj/Tm These cattizzcs hi vc v i mis ecu . • UpcAN^H^nCj^^jL
}£ wide matcr:a!, ior if you come to the big store before closing time . \^?9^^}^^^-^llX^S^ v^^Li^X^f ' *"*^T^3 j l^ t u K o ] s «>. i n
i R 5 I^ a r' l8 Srr m^ y 7^] h u t T J w t ntf - ttper 7" rd ,,'^ 0 Smokers' Set on Tray— As pictured above, decorated opal, w"h p'i'h «ii, -hood lined to '^mbrmBHBsf&r
J. Bed Shttts-Made of goodundrcsscdblrachedsheeung, and well made, C omp etc ECt of 4 pl CCC5, On Monday 29O ViUl^mnW^/ X^^/ mitc h body, scroll front, pretty (
i S^tebed .t e ; e sTx9oT each., '..r ...>.... .37^0 CuM or Collar Box-Decorated opa! raised design, of ieavc, ¦ Qur Stock and assortment JS Un- S i."1-K k riS IS /Sl^^^^l
g SfsH'ir^':::: f8« WSTS-^i a^ 1 SSiSiidc;«i r fS Questionably the largest in the city., and is g£«&,=!
}• Pillow Cases to much, bove sheets- nianv acc Mondav oniv PQr particularly interesting, even to those not veried in the ng- .mprovern-na
j; 4S , 3 6in. ., 12XO 50x36^, 14O B.^^^^l^ei^i ;ol- O r;d 2 b?n° 5^^M§^^||f fPIl^^ fo^tJ^l^n
* Bed ComfortexsJ^ 1^/^:-^^ ffled. oo "A" ofy . . /. . . . . . . / 2o arucle ha, u. tnbe name attached thereto. J b/ carHedontkeUreet car Xdl^
J- tlkoline covered; Monday only OtfC Heavy Plated Nickel Lamp — Flat wick burner, white shade, Just hair the following prices will be charged you if you purchaser J rom *3°° "P^ara.
tk' Bed Comforters — Fancy medallion designs, new effects; shown for the r eW a r price 2> I OO on Monday BOO th;§ week - A grt at chance for Christmas shoppers. .
}T first time; each . « #.j rfcta. n'iW«— Gold edte ' flower' centers' Mon- Washington Baskets . . .'75c, *i.oo,*i.*5, up to f 5.00 Grocery anti LiqUOr
J Brown Blankets-Select Oregon wool, 5 lbs. weighty instead of I5.00 Decorated China Plates—^o\a eage, nower centers, rvion- Wash - * n Bottles j S2.ooand5».as _ - , _- - -?L .
S pair . . . .- .- S3.98 day only, each . . . too Hoopa Baskets . . ir.50, J2.50, $3.00, 14.00, 5 o, 17.50. ««.oo Specials Monday ana Tuesday
\X BedSpreads— The hwry $i.a S crochet make; Monday only Q80 Tea Pot Stand — Round style, decorated china, instead of 2 5c Modoc Batkets . . $1.00, 11.50*; f 2.00. $1.50, I4.00 strvker'a Sand Seao— The b«t. xeban SOo
§ Marseiiles 5 P re.ds-Two ca., only; fuU ««; the | a .a 5 ,u.Uty each, Monday . ... '. . . . . . . . . . 12o Pomo Baskets ,8 00, ,,5.00, *,a. S o, j 35 .o«. sTu^i^^^p^^ i \ . ' . ' . ' . 2sZ
$ " ch SU78 Lemonade Set-Bohemian colored gla,s, flower and gold dec .River Basket. .... . *3-So, J6.00, gs.oo Best flaofl|| .j 1ItBa lugar curcd> b /ffo
I JVeiV Song HitS 186 tray, co.plet/for . ... 3 5 Jg^jS^g^ SSSi^^^i^.i '//// ' ' III
J. Beginning Monday and ah this week we offer the three Preserved * Palms— for decorating the home, 5 leaf, 35o Inyo Indian Baskets, large sire, fine .' .$15.00 j esso Mooro AA Whisky -The «eauia;. bottiej?2o
»f biggest hits in the East in the music line. Two songi 6 leaf. . . . . . . . ..... . . . . . 45c Samcan Tappa Octh» ..... 5».5»» #*-5°. I5.00 to Kentucky River Bourbon— Hand-made sour mash, worth fs. 50 j:a!.
I and a new intermezzo/each tBC Rose Bowl-Colored Bohemian glass, with flower decorations $ *'*°' $ ° °U 00 {To „ for c "7^ * V ' VC - ; - • • $1.95
I' T , ., T /• w . i» l . *w . : \ - OKn Blankets. . ....... r jz.oo to Brown's Celery Phosphate— Tbe great nerve tome, «jtj.. . . B5c
- The tit.es are: "Laughing Water, the new intermezzo; • • • • • • • •*•*.• * * * f°° Pappoose baskets, arrow points,. Indian pottery, bead Duff Gordon bherry-ilm?oit:d) gal. rejuUrW J 4 .eo for $3.00
.'*? "Lazy Sam," a very catchy coon song, and "In Old Ire- D. & H. Lamp— Center draught, 00 canaie power, neavv wor k % totem poles, bows and arrows, fans> water gourds % etc., bottle regularly $1.00 for '. .- . . . . 7So
: *• land Meet Me Tlfcre," a pretty ballad by Alfred Sol man. nickel plated,- with '..I o-inch'rbg top dome shade $1 m 75 all half price this week. , Burgundy- Rich and fruit*, gal 6S0
I Join Our New Chambers' Encyclopaedia Glut This Week
£ No home should be without a first-class, work of reference. There is no better or more ccmplete work of this character than Chambers' Encyclopaedia. We are
£ offering the new autograph Edinburgh and American edition, the latest and very best, brought up to 1903-r-10 massive volumes: 2G0.CC0 subjects, colored maps, iilustra-
J; tions, etc., for much less than regular published price, and on wonderful, easy terms; $1*OO brings complete set to your home. Full particulars by mail, or
i see the books in our book department. #was formerly a banker at Wllber, Nebr.,
in the University of Nebraska, took a
large dose of carbolic acid while stand*
ing in front of the St. Marias Cathedra)
to-day. She then staggered Into tfct
church and, trying to kneel In a pew,
died while in the act of mutterinr a
prayer. She was a student of tho Uni
versity of Nebraska.
of the minors, nor that H. L. Gear was
or is the friend of the minors, nor was he
acting in their interest.
Suicide Dies in Cathedral.
LINCOLN, Nebr., Oct. 17.— Miss Pansy
Ballard, daughter ' of E. E. Ballard, a
business man of Fort Dodge, Kans., who
THE SAN TBAN CISCO CALL, SUNDAY, OCTOBER 18, 1903.
ST. JOHNS, Newfoundland, Oct. 17. — Eight
vessels. In addition to those before reported,
have been driven ashore at ' different points ' ot
tha coast as a result of the rale of last -Thurs
day. Their crews 'were" saved. ¦¦•*"¦ -,v '
SAN DIEGO, Oct. 17.— C C. Brandt, for
merly president of the board of delegate*
in the City Council, died this afternoon as
the result of a- stroke of paralysis which
came upon him last December. He had
partially recovered, but an attempt to do
some work set him back and he could not
rally. Brandt was a Union veteran and
won his title of captain 'in the rebellion,
going up from the ranks. He formerly
lived in Minnesota, where he was a mem
ber of the State Legislature for two
terms. He was the owner of. the Brandt
block and considerable other property
here. He will be buried by the Masons on
Monday.. .. : . I .. .
Prominent San Diegan Dies.
*The enforcement of the law will direct
ly affect milliners and the dealers in mil
linery goods, particularly the class of or
naments used for hat trimmings, which
fall under the ban of the law," said Pres
ident Gilbert of the society. "There is no
doubt that the law is being greatly disre
garded. We believe that our vigorous
PORTLAND, Or., Oct. 17.— If the plans
of the John 'Burroughs Bird Society here
meet with success no woman in Oregon
will be able to wear a hat decorated with
the plumage of a bird. At a meeting last
night a committee was appointed to call
upon the proper officials and secure the
enforcement of a law which the Legisla
ture passed last winter and which reads
in part as follows:
"No person shall within the State of
Oregon kill or catch or have In his or her
possession, living or dead, any wild bird
other than a game bird, or purchase, offer
or expose for sale, transport or ship with
in or without the State any such wild bird
after it has been killed or caught except
as permitted In this act. No part of the
plumage, etaJn or body of any bird . pro
tected by this section shall be sold or had
in possession for sale."
Fines of from K to $100 or imprisonment
8t the rate of one day for each dollar of
the fine are the penalties for violation of
the law.
Fpoeial Diepatch to The Call.
Oregon Women May
Have to Forego
Feathers. ;sv;
SAN JOSE, Oct 17.— A move to quash
all pending litigation over the estate of
the late James Campbell, the Hawaiian
millionaire, was taken In the Superior
Court here to-day by Mrs. Abigail Camp
bell-Parker, the widow, through Attorney
C. T. Bira of this city. This waa In the
form' of a notice that on October 24 she
will ask the court to vacate the order of
August 14 appointing II. L. Gear of San,
Francisco guardian ad lltem of Muriel
and Mary Campbell, her minor daughters.
She alleges she la the mother and natural
guardian of the children.
In Gear's petition he sought to contest
tha will of the late millionaire Campbell.
An objection was made to' the final distri
bution of the estate in this county. The
St. James Hotel property, part of the es
tate, was sold for $180,000, and the money
given Into the custody of the trustees,
who are to -manage the two-thirds inter
est of the $8,000,000 estate left in trust for
the children. Gear claimed the money
secured : from the sale should have been
distributed among the children, it was
also intended to attack the . trust on the
ground' that It was illegal, in that It ex
tended beyond the life of the beneflcla
rlea. -
In the notice filed to-day Mrs. Campbell
alleges that the court had no jurisdiction
to make the appointment of Gear aa
guardian, aa the final decree was made on
February 25, 1903, and the time for appeal
had expired. Further, that there was no
proper showini made that the necessity
of a guardian existed, and that the state
ments upon which the .guardianship was
granted were. not true; that G. A. Davis
was or is not the guardian of the estates
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 17.-Senator Proc
tor of Vermont saw the President to-day
and asked him to reconsider the case of
United States Marshal Field of Vermont,
who was discharged a few days ago on
account of the escape of certain Chinese
who were being sent back to China. The
President told the Senator that the evi
dence was so convincing he could not re
consider the case.
Proctor Appeals in Vain.
PLUMAGED HATS
ARE IN DANGER
New Move Made in the
Campbell Estate
Litigation.
campaign will stop all this. It is a little
strange that the milliners (themselves,
who are directly affected, do not, many of
them, .look with disfavor upon the law.
In fact, some of them say that they
would gladly employ materials other than
the bodies, heads and plumage of blrda
for hat' trimmings."
SAN JOSE. Oct. 17 »— Miss Cora Belle
Fry, a 'popular young lady of this city,
to-day became the bride of J. Louis
Cramer, a young contractor of Monterey.
The ceremony .was performed at the resi
dence of the bride's mother, Mrs. M. L.
Fry, at 156 South Tenth street. The house
was handsomely decorated with flowers
and potted plants. The Rev. Francis Pal
mer of the First Presbyterian Church offi
ciated in the presence of frlendB and rela
tives Mabel Foreward was' bridesmaid
and H.' Ray Fry,' a brother of the bride,
acted as beat man. - . .
This evening Air, and Mrs, Cramer left
for Los Ane'eles, where the honeymoon
will be spent. The bride Is a graduate
of the State .Normal .Schopl and for some
time taught school In Monterey County.
She haa a host of friends in this city.
The groom is a popular young business
man at Monterey. The couple will re
side at the latter place.
Miss Cora Belle Try Becomes the
Bride' of J. Louis
Cramer.
WED AMID FLOWERS
IN THE GARDEN" CITY
WIDOW WANTS
LAWSUIT ENDED
whole the celebration waa a perfect suc
cess. Everything went without a hitch.
The committees saw to it that no exor
bitant rates were charged for the occa
sion by the hotels and livery stables.
Every guest who came to the celebration
went home well pleased and with kind
words for the entertainers. ¦ ¦ ,
' At night the visitors were entertained
by the most expensive display of fire
works ever Been in the valley. There
were many novelties and set pieces which
drew applause from the crowds. As a
Tears came to the eyes of. many visitors
as bronzed ranchers, tottering old women,
day laborers and local business men, all
of whom have made sacrifices and some
of whom have given all to the cause filed
by. Some were grave and heaved a sign
of relief as they passed the wire basket
Others tore the bonds into bits and hurled
them viciously among their fellows, while
occasionally a man would Jump on a bond.
When the last bond waa deposited the
basket was closed and swung into* full
view of the people, where they remained
while the Governor made his speech.
Governor Pardee spoke earnestly and his
simple, sincere words went straight to the
hearts of the hearers. He spoke with sym
pathy of the long, weary, and at times
seemingly hopeless struggle of the peo
ple, and as he pointed at tho bonds to
which he /would • presently apply the
torch he spoke words of congratulation
to the citizens on their triumph.
When the cheering announced that the
Governor had finished a bomb was shot
a thousand feet into the air, where it
exploded and an enormous .American flag
unfurled. Great cheering greeted this
novel feature and aa Old Glory floated
majestically In the air a band played
"The Star Spangled Banner."
Governor Pardee then lighted the bonds
and as the paper which at one time was
valued at $700,000 burst into flame the
bank struck up a "Hot Time," to which
the crowd lent their voices. And as the
last embers of the fire died away two
buglers from the militia sounded "Taps."
BONDS IN THE BASKET.
Then the preliminary ceremonies of the
bond burning began. • The bonds were
laid out on the table, while a huge wire
basket suspended from a crane at the
corner of the stand was lowered to the
platform. As the Governor placed the
first bond in the basket the crowd broke
into a mighty cheer. Each of the distin
guished visitors then passed the table and
in turn placed a bond in the basket. Then
came the'members of the bond liquidation
committee and the board of directors of
the irrigation- district. After this the
taxpayers themselves came upon the
stand to deposit the 'remaining bonds for
their cremation.
At 2 p. m. 10,000 people were gathered at
the handsomely decorated stand at the
pavilion, where the most dramatic event
in Tulare County's history was soon to
take place. The arrival of Governor
Pardee and his party was greeted by a
burst of cheering. The bonds, in a huge
basket, were then escorted to the stage
by the visiting militia. The Hon. J. "W.
Davis, master of ceremonies, made a
short speech, after which ho introduced
the Hoa. i "William H. Alford, who made
a few remarks.
At 11:80 o'clock the parade reached the
pavilion. Thousands of people were gath
ered to see the Governor and listen to
the speeches. On the south side of the
building a small army of men were bus
ily employed in making ready to serve
some fifteen tons of roast meat. Tho
barbecue was excellently managed, the
food being abundant and the tables ca
pable of seating a thousand people at one
time.
TULAHE, Oct. 17.-To-day Tulaxe cele
brated her independence from bonded In
debtedness. At sunrise the roaring: of can
non and anvils told that at last, after
weary years of waiting, the great day
had come. Flags and bunting were every
where. Every face bore a look of happi
ness, for Tulare was to be free.
At 10 o'clock the bond parade formed on
North K street, marching to Tulare and
down Kern street to the pavilion, where
the addresses were to be made. Sherhf
Collins of Tulare County was marshal of
the . day. First In the parade came the
bonds float, escorted on either side by
military companies of Hanford and
Bakersfleld. As the glass case containing
these bonds was borne through the streets
its progress was marked by one continual
round of cheering.
Following was the carriage of Governor
Pardee and Mayor John Tuohy of Tulare,
carriage;' bearing other distinguished vis
itors and the various committees who
have labored to bring about the settle
ment. Then came the High School stu
dents In festal regalia. The remainder of
the parade was mado up of representa
tives from local and visiting organiza
tions.
FIRST THE BARBECUE.
Papers Once Valued at Seven Hun
dred Thousand 'Dollars Servo as
Fuel for a Town's Most
Memorable Fire.
Governor of the State Takes
Part in Gala Cere
monies.
Mighty Rej oicing Over
End of Bonded In
debtedness.
BONDS BURN
AND TULARE
CELEBRATES
26
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
Begins To=morrow
This is another one of the kind of silk sales that has .made for. us,
a ercat reputation. This time we have three lines to offer, and they are
three of the greatest values we have succeeded in getting together for
a long time. They are silk Crepes in all the leading evening shades;
plain colored all-silk Taffetas in a very desirable line of colors, and
striped Louisines, with dainty light grounds.
These goods are worth from 75c to $1.00 a yard over A Otf*
any counter in San Francisco. We place them on sale be- £J-(£^
ginning to-morrow morning at • •
Splendid Specials from Every Department
On Sale Beginning To-Morrow ,
One item from each department. They are the kind of offers
that make shrewd buyers stop and think and act. They go on
to-morrow morning when the store opens, and although the sale is
planned to continue all week, we would advise prompt action on your
P art - ¦
C+% £\f\ ENGLISH ALPACAS ftA^>
Jpl. UU MOHAIR BRILLIANTINES
This department contributes about 1200 yards of genuine English
Alpacas and silk faced Mohair Brilliantines. The range of colorings is
•rood, including Ro3'al Blue, Ping Pong Red, Autumn Brown and a
deep rich black. Both are made in an extra heavy iron frame weave and
have a very bright silky finish. The in each case is 52 inches.
These fabrics are splendid for shirt waists, shopping dresses, house
gowns, etc They sell readily at $1.00 a yard. Special this AQr
-week •
$30.00 Svits for $22.50
A line of Black Cheviot Tailor-made Suits. Made in the blouse style
with capes over the shoulders, and in the long coat effect. They are
trimmed with fancy silk braid. The skirt is made with seven gores,
tailor stitched and full flare bottom. The colors are black and navy
blue. It is a good $30.00 value C77 M
#fc .'....Special this week •p**,OU
$6.00 Skirts, $4.90*
A notable offering — Black Cheviot Dress Skirts, fancy trimmed with
bands of Peau de Soie and made with seven gores and full a* j Qf\
flare. They sell regularly at $6.00. Special this week .. *pt*?U
$5.00 Waists, $2.95
Peau de Soie Waists, made with tucked front and back, >and full
pouch sleeve. They are trimmed with silk ornaments. Colors are car-
dinal, blue, pink, white, green and black. The regular price d*-p qp
$5.00 each; the price this week '.. . . •' *J)A»^*J
75c Cushion Bags, 49c
These bags are made of first quality Velour and lined with a good
quality Mercerized Sateen. They are trimmed with tassels at each cor-
ner, and are ready to receive the pillow. All new colorings and AQc
designs. A 75c value. Special beginning to-morrow tt^C
$1.25 Underwear, 85c
Ladies' Silk Vests, of extra quality; made with crocheted yoke and
trimmed with silk ribbon. Colors cream, pink and blue. Regu- RZf*
Iar value $1.25 a garment. Special this week OOL-
20c Ribbon, 10c
Taffeta Ribbon, 4 inches wide, in a very large assortment of colors,
including turquoise, lavender, shades of blue, red, pink and cream.
This ribbon sells regularly at 20c a j'ard, and goes on sale Ifis*
to-morrow at " *¦ "C
75c Lisle Gloves, 35c
They were received too late for regular selling — hence the sacri-
fice. They come in white, gray, mode, tan and black, and fit perfectly.
We intended to sell them at 30c and 75c pair. Beginning to- QtZf-.
morrow they go at OOC
15c Spun Glass Lining, 9c
Price on these goods is seldom cut, and you should not miss the
chance. Colors are pink, blue, red, cream, white and black, and many
other shades. Sells regularly at 15c yard. On sale beginning to- q
morrow -7C
35c Turnover Collar^ 19c
Embroidered turnover collars; a big lot to choHjf from. This is
one of the best offerings in the list. They sold regularly at 1Q,-,
?Sc and 35c each. The sale price is .• 7"C
Persian Band Trimming, 25c yd.
This is a lot of trimming that sold at prices . ranging from 35c to
60c a yard. The widths are 1 and Ij4 inches. We have never' -y p
offered a better bargain. The sale price is £OC
60c Sheets, 39c
Fall bleached heavy muslin sheets, size 72x90. They 6ell OQ^
regularly at 60c each. Special this week t O2fC
ADVERTISEMENTS.
This is the most important episode that has occurred
in millinery circles this Fall, and simply illustrates what
a big concern like this can afford to do. Every visitor
we induce to see our Fall display is a customer gained.
An entirely new KlPI^l^li& F ons w^* e »
, . t &tf^#Pwoil bUck, navy,
assortmentofex- 1^^^ P^ or castor;
elusive ready to i^^^^^MW %t S1U * reg "
wear hats, regu- ' Bffc** special
Iar value $2.50 fi? fmSr 39c
and $3.50, for \&S*P)^*?& Szmt in smaller
Cf no £<e ?^§*a colors, regtrlarly
$ 1 *9o fe§ f-^'M 35c, special
I 19c
- J -tsT
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
«iumu mw99
BREAKS UP
INFLUENZA PREVAILS
EARLY COLD WEATEEB PROMOTES
COLDS AND OOUOBS.
The , Open Street Car and the Frigid
Breeze. Tirm Allies In tha Aa.ault
XTpon . Health. x
"** ¦ ' - *~ r .• ~z -
The changeable weather has proved a
regular Cold breeder. While the Board
of Health does not keep records of cases
of Influenza, it is recognised at the office
of tha board that there are more Colds
now than for many a day.
The prompt use of Dr. Humphreys'
"Seventy-seven" breaks up Coughs, Colds,
Grip, Influenza, Catarrh, Pains and Sore-
ness in the head and chest. Hoarseness
and Sor« Throat- .
"71" is a small vial of pleasant pellets
that fits v the vest pocket, ever, handy and
ready prepared to take.
At Drugrsi»t«.- 28 eenta.-or mailed.
Humphreys' Med. Co., Cor. William & John
Streets. New Tork. " ' '*¦""'
ADVEBTISEMENTS. ;
.. . .f. + : ; + + — "'
rjr^E5f^-4s"=^c-i ! i4fl QLt S^*" — * !*L^ r ~' lor Cabinet Combined— Davenport— O1J solid com- »
*g^"-**i 1 1 „ -riHj -**"- !%r^ xhi* little P'«c« la unusually j ort . mahogany design; frame jl. ..
JjA * gracwul in dealgrp. Haa can- of ouarter-sawed oak. weath-
*V>" opy top decorated with bevel ered *. cush | on8 o f Spantih praiT^— — taa,^^
Tbree Piece Iledroom Suit — CoIonlRl design; aolld mahogtiny; bed plato mirror. Cabinet has leather- workmanship anJ ''•iirtf ** Str» "
haa crotched mahoeany head and footboard. The wood In the entire ampl* room for the avera** material of the ben. Prt-'<\ 'v{\y f V?a m2V$ I
suit Is selected for its beautiful grain. Dresser haa large bevel French mumr.il library. 1 rice, jjlH.7."*. • TVCpki!*'" 'r^liMi
p!ato mirror. (The h.:lght of the cabinet makers' art.) Price. 9122. J»11.OO. , J^ uU«J» ?|*5, gMTl \
<£llife^ signs have arrived. These, with 1__ Hi £r b !^ lo nJK!lii-5
(W^Sliiil **s2i£tsg the staple patterns, give us the Dr M ..n ET(1 ,,ic- 8XE? hS^iea^SE
LSw£3s2£a£j£^*2S£«Sft ,,,.,„,,-, qolld . . . . Quarter - saw»<l oak. doers. Writing desk conve-
fP?3l®g^ £*£%&w%£ largest assortment in the city. #-« «-?• »gj -^-gjygnijg-
niL— ~^^ line, workmanship of Iloyal Wiltoni-A lanre range of colom and pat- SSS^lSSf-h "^^ ™*™~A°,l h?,'t
«M* Honrd Solid oak tho bent. One of the terna to ault the most exacting demand. No color £,!«.» P 0 " 5 * 1 - Prlce - S£S?- *m.~ 3S££ljIa
K ofden e ftai? "' d «n ! o O Dy d top! many .rtutlc de.ijn. ¦ .cheme that we cannot carry out. »° Ot " artistic. Prlc.
carved and decorated with we show. Price. »3.7P. { imperial Axmln«ter.-Orlental and floral de- V 1* *
bevel plate mirror, three v ! ? gIsn9 . Suitable for library cr parlor. . a, j
drawers and commodious cup- , j. ¦ '
board, a credit to any dining- *r "*" Wilton Velvet. — A beautiful assortment of hall. «-ea_
room. JJ14.7B. • library and stair patterns. Many of th?m faithful re- //f3i>CS^*^r<2*Jvr--— '¦v
.'. .J. g productions of expensive hand-made carpets. fv^^^n^ f^^>^?*^\
, .!. Extra Velvet* — For hall, lodseroom ami public rfffiGfyT* '^*'
'•"/ j. buildings. Wo can execute the largest contracts on t^t^P"^ "i^?9?"?V —
Iloilj- Ilrniiiwels — We show this well-known and «C^y'*^g^i-tito ! i'r
W- £> «ulFfactory floor covering In a very extensive range of A^&yX&r
i Jfy^sjyz?%%!>7^^JW 5fc. patterns, suitable lor library, hall and stair. j5)«WAjfGinfili
- %ft^%> -^W^foffijtoffi Insrraln.— All wool, reversible, the good old-faah- _ //>ftf/yS3i*?. ( f
Ha ''' v -, -^ifll ¦ Ioned weave that wears like Iron; all the latest de- • *j| , " jjp -S .JJ^£>>T>.>^A - ft<^-gru
1 -* A costomer— tury. No cast ramje on the market can jfiP%M§j §jg£ig8^ig££™^ ' "^l||
" — IL. . Mkh'oga^ny^fmisir touch it in durability or economy. Every W/fW^^T^^'- " ''t^''2^1^Z^ MB J?L ti
Drenser— J?olld oak, golden fin- the greatest con- part guaranteed. It will save its COSt in Jjjjfo i ~fZ~'^ ~~~" S^2»
lsh, bevel French plate mirror, venienco possible fuel. Call and investigate. Term?, $1.00 &lL'i3+ :^*~~
carving and finish of a very supe- ' for the dressing '<l*»u, n ~>nA <i nn •> ,,.»»l.
rlor order. Price, «15.5O. room. Price. «5e. down and $I.OO a week.
t • * jf m »% r T T -*- ¦ ¦ ¦¦¦ — ¦ ¦ --— i -ii- . , , m m ,'
"I b»d trouble with my bowels which made my
blood impure. Mr fuce wag covered with pipaplea
which no external remedy could remove. I tried
your Cancarels and great wai my Joy when tha
rlmples disappeared after a month's steady n*e.
have reeommeoded them to all my friend* and
Quite a few hare found relief." .
C. i. Poseh, 967 Park Are., New York City, N. T.
.'_ ' CANDY CATHARTIC "^^^
Pleiiant, Palatable, Potent. Taite Good. Do Good,
Never Sicken, Weaken or Gripe. 10c. 2Se, Me. Keref
told in balk. The gennine tablet stamped 0 C 0.
Guaranteed to cure or your money back
• Sterling Remedy Co., Chicago or N.V. 600
ANNUAL SALE. TEH MILLION BOXESA. erand picnic and excursion .of the
Golden Gate Athletic and Social Club will
be held to-day at El Campo. The steam
ers Frlsbe6,and Monticello will convey
the crowds from Mission-street wbarf at
9:45 and 11:30 a. m. and at 1:30 p. m. The
admission and round- trip will ha 50 cents.
A" number of handsome gate prizes will
be, distributed. , . I
Athletic Club Picnic.
November 11— Examiner of Burveys,
General Land Office; salary, $3 50 per diem;
age limit, 20 years or over.
November 11— Assistant in soil manage
ment (male). Bureau of Soils, Department
of Agriculture; salary, $1000~to $1400 per
annum; age limit, 20 years or over.
November 11— Clerk (female), skilled in
typewriting and cataloguing; salary, $840
per annum; age limit, 20 years. or over.
Applications should be made to the
United Staten Civil Service Commission,,
Washington, D. C, or to the secretary
of tho Consolidated Board of Civil Ser
vice Examiners, 301 Jackson street, for
application form 1312. Persons who are
unable to file their formal application and
who notify the commission of thj»''fact,
either by letter or telegram, with tho re
quest that they be permitted to take the
examination, will be examined, subject
to the subsequent filing of their, appli
cations, provided their reauests are re
ceived by the commission in sufficient time
to ship examination papers.
The United States Civil Service Com
mission announces that examinations will
be held at San Francisco as follows:
Federal Civil Service Tests.
NEW YOHK. Oct. IV — Charged with pass-
Ins worlhlrai checks on the Adams Kxpress
Company. Frederick CorxJit. a real estate bro
ker, has been arrested in this city. The checks
fimcuntfd to only a few hundred dollars and
were drawn on a New Jersey trunt company,
of which CorxJlfa brother Is cashier. Condlt
ti- M years of age.
A man giving his name as Richard
Newman, 1006 Larkin street, was arrested
in a restaurant at Third and Mission
streets yesterday afternoon for raising a
disturbance. He was locked up in the
detention ward of the Emergency Hos
pital pending an examination for Insanity.
Held for Insanity.
You Are Invited.
$2.50 shoes for ladles and gents, equal in
style, fit and durability to any $3.50 shoa
manufactured. Kvory pair guaranteed by
Herman Lesser.913 Market st.,opp. Mason.**
Gasper May Recover.
Harry Gasper, who attempted suicide 03
Friday night at Washington-street wharf,
was removed to t'le City and County Hos
pital yesterday afternoon. ' The attending
physicians say Uuvt ho will probably re
cover.
Beginning with the matinee 'to-day Hall
Calne's "The Christian" will- be the at
traction at the Grand Opera-house. Gath
rlne Countlss * heads the company as
At the Alcazar "Lady Bountiful" <will
be succeeded to-morrow evening by "The
Cowboy and the Lady." This is a com
edy of Western life and Involves the ad
ventures of a Harvard lad who becomes a
Colorado cowboy, and a beautiful and
well bred wtfrnan of fashion, who la fet
tered by an unfortunate alliance. The
parts written for N. C. Goodwin and
Maxlne Elliott fall to James Durkin and
Adele Block. The part of the adopted
daughter will be taken by Frances Starr.
Luke Conness will make his debut aa the
halfbreed. 'Marie Howe impersonates the
piano player.
At the California "In Old Kentucky"
will be put on thiB evening. This is the
eleventh year of this play. Miss Bessie
Barrlscale, who achieved success last
year in the role of the mountain heroine,
Madge Brierly, will again appear In this
part. The pickaninny band and the race
scene aru leading features. It Is \ an
nounced that the play will be produced
with entirely new scenery. The pictures
include views of mountains, a Lexington
running track, a paddock, etc. - ).=.'
The attractions at the Orpheum for tho
week include a large variety of events.
Among the people to appear are whistling
Tom Brown, Herbert Lloyd, assisted by
Lillian Ellyan; the Rappo sisters, the
Crane brothers, Wallace Brownlow, A. P.
Rostow, the Golden Gate quartet and
Fanny Wlnfred, Colombino and Water
bury and Tenney, musical comedians.
Colombino is in the last week. The new
people come with good records.
The Tivoli will have two important op
eras on this week and, in addition, will
have a Verdi night. "La Boheme." by
Puclni, will be on Monday, Wednesday,
Friday and Saturday evenings and "An
dre Chenier" is announced for Thursday
and Sunday evenings and Saturday mat
inee. Tuesday evening will be devoted ex
clusively to the works of Verdi. The se
lections will be from "Aida," "Rigoletto,"
"II Trovatore," "Forza Del Destino,"
"Nabbucco," "Traviatu" and also from
other operas that are not announced.
To-morrow "evening Robert Edeson will
open at the Columbia in "Soldiers of For
tune," by Richard Harding Davis. The
scene of the play is in South America. The
story is one of advqnture during a revo
lution in the period covered by the action
of the drama. In the cast are included
Harry Harwood, Ellen Burg, Helen
Ware, E. W. Morrison. Dorothy Tennant,
Frazer Coulter. Taylor Holmes, Macey
Harlan, Sidney Ainsworth, Richard Ster
ling and Byron Ongley.
It is something unusual for highbinders
of this race to organize. Much trouble
has been experienced from Chinese of
this class, but the Japanese are usually
very orderly. The polic-j now fear that
they will have another source of this sort
cf trouble to cope with and strict In
structions have been given officers to put
a atop to the annoyance before it gains
any headway.
There? are about twenty alleged Japa
nese highbinders and all are reported to
be armed. Much trouble ha3 recently
been caused in the section, including two
or three cutting Bcrapes, for which ar
rests have been made. According to busi
ness men it is the plan of the lawless ele
ment to visit business houses and restuur
nnt.t, as well as houses of ill-fame and
gambling Joints, and levy blackmail. The
merchants fear the band and in cases
where they have refused lo accede to the
demands they have been assaulted.
The police have been informed that a
number of Japanese highbinders are op
erating in the neighborhood of Pine and
Dupont streets and efforts will be madt
to suppress them* It, is alleged that the
men attempt to levy blackmail on houses
in the vicinity and upon being unsuccess
ful make trouble for those who refuse
Little Brown Men Ac
cused of Operating
in a New Role.
Players and Musicians
Offer Attractive
Programmes.
STAGE AFFORDS
NEW FEATURES
SAY JAPANESE
ASK BLACKMAIL
From Los Angeles— Mrs. M. Frick, Mrs.
F. A. Gibson. H. L. Gibson, at the St.
Denis; Mrs. G. Dudley, at the Albert
HEADING. Pa.. Oct. 17.— Thomas J. Du
gan. & conductor qq the Reading: and Southwest
ern branch of the United Traction Company,
was killed to-day by his car crashing into a
telegraph pole.
NEW YORK, Oct. 17.— Californians in
New York:
From San Francisco— L. H. Bill, Albert
W. Clark, at the Broadway Central; I.
Miller, F. W. Wilbert. at the Hotel Im
perial; C. C. Jones, Mrs. N. A. Jones, at
the Cosmopolitan; E. Latell, at the Astor
House; D. Strong, A. S. Tubbs and wife,
at the Manhattan; H. F. Barbler, at the
Imperial: T. I. Chase, at the Grand
Union: S. G. Tasheira and wife, at the
Xew Amsterdam.
Californians in New York.
The efforts of Benjamin Ferner to pre
vent by aid of the law the police from
interfering with him in the possession as
lessee of the notorious Hotel Nymphia, at
Pacific end Stockton streets, met with de
feat In Judge Murasky's court yesterday.
Judfe MuraEky refused to issue an In
-Junctlon preventing the police from raid
ing the place, holding that if the place
was a hotel, as was claimed by the plain
tiff, there would be no need for the police
to enter It. He said that he could not
h_*». if the claims of the plaintiff that the
pl&ce was a respectable house were true,
why it was necessary to surround it with
a high wall, like a fortress. "In view of
the evidence adduced." said the court. * 1
cannot give you the Relief prayed tor. Let
judgment be entered tof the defendants.'
The decision of Murafky is in line with
a decision rendered by him when the case
first came up for trial. At that time the
plaintiffs asked for a preliminary injunc
tion pending the trial of the case on its
merits. This was refused by Murasky be
cause of the refusal of the plaintiffs to
promise that the place would not be run
as a house of prostitution, which refusal
In the eyes of the couit stamped the
plaintiff as one coming into court with
unclean hands.
Murasky Holds Officers
Have Right to Enter
the Nymphia.
WILL NOT STOP
POLICE RAIDS
Guptave A. Malmgrist. alias C. D. Ran
dall, pleaded guilty yesterday in the
United States District Court to the sec
ond count of the indictment charging him
with having falsely sworn that he was
C. D. Randall and entitled to a pension
as an honorably discharged soldier of the
Civil War. Malmgrlst and Randall were
privates In the same company and Malm
prlst deserted in 1S64. Randall died a
few years ago, and Malmgrist went be
fore a United States pension agent and
made application for a pension, represent
ing himself to be Randall. Malmgrist is
CO years of age. He will be sentenced on
next Saturday.
Judge de Haven sustained the demurrer
in the case of the United States against
Captain T. C. Lockyer, indicted for an
infraction of the customs laws. It was
alleged that Captain Lockyer several
years ago. while in command of the tug
Hercules, went with his vessel outside
the heads and received from the Ameri
can schooner Winchester 170 fur sealskins
valued at $1700. The point raised by the
demurrer was that more than five years
had elansed before the amended com
plaint was filed and that the statute of
limitations had intervened.
and Captain Lockyer Is Saved by
Statute of Limitations.
SATURDAY'S MATINEE IN
U. S. DISTRICT COURT
Deserter Malmgrist Pleads Guilty
According to Harper's complaint he
gave hl3 credentials to Moore on April
3 last, with the understanding that they
were to be returned upon demand. On
October 12, alleges Harper, he asked
Moore for his papers and was told they
were in the possession of the other de
fendants, and they still keep them, he
says, notwithstanding that on October
14 he requested that they be given to him.
Harper claims the papers are of great
value to him, easily worth $10,000. With
out them, he says, he cannot follow his
chosen calling. They were only obtained
after years of study, he says, and by the
expenditure of large sums of money.
The documents are Harper's credentials
hs a deacon of the Methodist Episcopal
church and aa an elder of the Methodist
church south.
Rev. E. J. Harper, the Methodist divine
who is In difficulties with the elders of
the Methodist church south, yesterday
filed his threatened suit to recover the
credentials which he claims are being
wrongfully withheld from him. In lieu
of the credentials he asks for $10,000, their
alleged value. The suit is against Revs.
H. C. Morrison, W. Acton, J. E. Moore
and \V. E. Vaughn.
Awarded Judgment for Ten
Thousand Dollars.
In Lieu of Them He Asks to Be
MINISTER HARPER' SUES
TO RECOVER CREDENTIALS
The advance force of stage mechanics
and electricians of the "Ben Hur" com
pany have already arrived here and are
hard at work upon the Ptage of the
Grand Opera-house, preparing for the re
ception of the production on November 2.
Klaw and Erlangsr. it is announced, will
send the London and New York effects
to this city and will stage the piece with
over 330 people in the various scenes.
Gottlob, Marx & Co. have secured the
Mission-street playhouse for the entire
"The Paraders" will be kept on at
Fischer's. This has filled the house all
the past week. Changes for the better
have taken place ¦ since the opening.
Kolb. Dill and Bernard make the crowd
merry with their .funny business. Maud
Amber has carried off the musical honors
easily with "My Alameda Rose." Harry
Hermsen and Miss Jenkins have given
satisfaction. The groupings, marches,
etc., reflect credit on Jones. Hope and
Emerson have a specialty.
Glory Quayle. In the cast will be .Asa
Lee WHlard, who plays the part of John
Storm; Allan St. John. Arthur Lane. W.
B. Fredricks. Nicholas Cogley. Charles
Edwin Insloe. Charles Belcher, Thomas
de Laney, Winona Bridges, Charlotte
Hammer, Hazel Kilday, Edellna Blair,
Paula Herbert and Marie Horton. "The
Christian" will run fhrough the week. At
the matinee next Sunday the musical
comedy -of "Spotless Town" wil be sub
stituted, with Lelia Shaw and -Leslie Mo
rosco In the leading roles.
To-morrow nighfs bill at the Central
Theater will bo Meredith's thrilling bor
der drama, "Ranch 10," with L. R.
Stockwell in the comedy role of the fron
tier judge. The play is full of sensations,
rich in scenic effects and ought to do
good business at the Central.
This evening at Steinway Hall. Dr.
Alex J. Mclvor Tyndal! will speak, tak
ing for hla subject "Money— The Psychic
Law Governing It." After the talk he
will give the customary demonstrations
trlative to the power of thought.
A performance Is given every afternoon
and evening In the Chutes Theater. Thero
is much amusement in the "penny ar
cade." During the week the colored baby
in the incubator has been an attraction.
The fun and interest are many sided.
month of November and will present
"Ben Hur" during that period.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, OCTOBER 18. 1903.
27
PBAGEBS f PEAGEBS | PBAGEBS | PKAGEBS i | PEAGEBS ) j ~PBAQEBS | PBAQEB3 %
These Are Record-Breaking Days in Green Trading Stamps Given Millinery Just From Our Work Room.
Ba- ""™"T!™ 11 ™""' . mmm^TJJUf*""™ ™ a ™™ With AH PiirrfiaQP^ -Mii^ -» m»^«™— -a *m DBaMKZia « nKaKH^ HHBnB -
Dress Goods arid Silks. % £ wim Hats Made SpecialIy for This Gr8at> Sale by our cor?s of trimmers
THE values offered in this department last week created considerable stir among • j&L J&&*,-. ' ¦ XT OT since the fall season opened have we been able to offer so large a variety of
... * . . . « IN fino, hats as we will to-morrow. We have had our milliners at work for weeks on
those who prefer to make or supervise the making of their own gowns. ymg J * th £. e hats? and every sty l e imaginable will be placed on sale. We have succeeded
DRESS GOODS. • : ff»*^B*&S a^j t—A^ ><^ >»i J&si JQxaS in arTan S} n S a li ne °f hats that are even better than we anticipated. They are all
Thc success achieved in our wonderful sale of dress goods, last week warrants us IfZji Stric j ly high f ad l a^ d tf** 0^? 7 . b . cautif , ul a f d ' ici }\ T 1l his / , off 5 ring i* t *" mw^M
repeating some more of the remarkable values. It will be well worth one's while to in- H"" 1^ ¦T^/W" H Hi W/^TI WrM to^S^u^^Srfy W advantage of by hundreds, so that it will be well
5Oc a yard— 44-inch silk finished alpaca. Sold always at 75c. Special for to- |P|W ? *s$r \^^r v^^^a "^P^ JT™X$^ A handsome tan beaver with white plume falling to one side;
morrow. , ¦ • era O / J caught high on the left side; it is finished in trimmings of white
S5c a yard— 50-inch black unfinished worsted; regular $1.25 quality. An excep- jg| 4 IWIV^ Ul^ff ¥ ARI IT S*^ l#0 * *^ plush and tan satin ribbon.
tional value. Special. , . ¦ • • - - . K A JU ?¥ i^- * W^ B%BU*sB.I*>BJMsB!4 Black and white braid turban, Continental shape; finished with aigrettes and velvet
J?1..5o a yard— 52-inch apphqued skirtings, a great variety of styles. Just the thing Pl- Art rt 1 O ft A iff A niT IC^T tiT /.» imfn bandeaux; very dressy,
for rainy day skirts. COLORED • .. ¦ . ¦ ¦ . W \2tO&~ 14SO flARKE/l A black velvet poke, trimmed with black satin ribbon and pompon; a hr C e steel or-
T.Oc a yard— 38-inch mixtures. An excellent assortment of weaves and colorings. ~, -¦ -. - -..: ¦ nament across the.back.
a yard— 54-inch colored zibeline— the popular material for fall skirts. Regu- O 4 1 f 1 Shirred black velvet turban — the popular Empire shape; a beautiful bunch ot aigrettes
lar $2.00 material. ' ;..''.. oDeCial V <3llll€S on the side; one of the P rettiest hats ot * thc season.
a yard— 52-inch mixtures. Several styles in foreign makes. Regular $1.50 b^^ m A beautiful black velvet hat, with folded chiffon facing in black; a long pleat across
quality. ¦ • . ___ - - %Uf • a.* t^ ie f ront a °d finished with bandeaux of velvet and satin ribbon.
: SSc : 53=^£ '.Xi'Vi^'bto oru!lF™£ "It "SZmX «n,i. Flannels and Waistings. street hats.
Very neat efftcts. w . f™^™?™""™ 1 ™ a^ mamma f a FT^ m T^ maBmm j itff* #^ Pf /% Felt turban in black and Oxford; made of folds of felt and velvet;
A f ILKS. . . IT is not often that 'money-saving specials like these we are presenting J& 2 llj binding and trimmings of velvet; two black quills drawn through the
5Oc, 60c,Gf>c\ 75c and up— Black taffeta. All are excellent goods for the price. 1 will be offered. We have secured a very large stock of flannels tpfi^t^V sid a most becoming shape .
Every vard is euanntced — and waistings, and to insure their quick sale have marked them at ' .. . , . . 1 j •«
75e, 85c »MP «d up to 91-30 a yard-Black peau de soie. Only the most temptingly low prices. . Black felt pompadour shape, finished with satin edge; trimmed with velvet and quills;
reliable makes offered. - . Co a yard-1700 yards of tenms flannel in pretty stripes: suitable for very stylish.
1 night gowns, skirts, etc. Better srrades at 8 l-»e, l«c and 12'/2« a vard. 1 > > ¦ ¦
¦ i 1 8 J-3c a yard — A fine srrade of bleach canton flannel; extra value. Finer i . . ' • |
Bead chains. New Fall Shoes for Everybody pl^M^fw:^ •*" *-*¦ Excuse cioves at Popular Prices. " mbr f^ s -
SI OO «rh This is a iwn»rv.i .¦¦! wwnunuuiiiuiin'uiaii ' am ¦— just the material for infants* wear underwear, etc qp HESE gloves are the pro duct of world famous manu- S I . 10
groun only in China. It VV chosen lines that are sure to please every one. side and does not soil easilv. WA selection from. Each glove is perfectly made in every de- umbrellas: Pa ra.ro n
has a crop once a vear J?3.<>O— Women's swell dress shoes in patent kid or kid WA15HNO&. ta il t an( j beginning to-morrow they can be had at thc fol- trame; steel rod and steel
and amontr the natives is vamps, patent tips, medium soles and French heels. Cannot be 15c a yard— New Oxfords and satin striped waistings; 32 inches wide; all lowing great reductions: nl»r absolutely rain
in great demand for or- bought for less than $1.50 elsewhere. I new. popular shades. . JjJl.OO a pair— All our mocha, suede, overseam. pique and proot: the hanaies are 01
naraer.ts of all kinds We 9 1.25- Children's and misses' shoes; kid."patent tips, exten- JiWc* a yard— Wool Momie cloth with pretty satin stripes; comes in navy, cap e gloves, made from selected skins; two clasps: one row of cherry, bone, rosewood
have secured quite a lot sion soles and fair stitched; sizes 8^4 to n. Misses' sizes. 11V2 brown, tan and black; regular Soc values. embroidery: $1.25 values. and pearl: every one has
of them direct from a to 2. at 91.50. Excellent shoe for winter wear. ' 45c a yard— New wool flannel waistings; Roman stripes; red. navr. black. $1.25 a pair— Genuine French kid Rloves; two clasps: Paris ou r guarantee, lake aa-
trader and have placed 91.75— A strone shoe for boys of heavy kangaroo -calf: light blue, oldj-ose. wine, green and brown. Exceptional values. point embroidery: comes in all the latest street shades. Soecial. vantage of this oppor-
them on sale at this rea- heavy extension soles: iron-clad bottoms; sizes 11V2 to 2. Sizes <»5c a yard— Oxfords, the most popular waisting ever shown: heavy mer- All our kid gloves fitted, guaranteed and kept in repair free turuty; they are excellent
sonable price of Si.oo. 2V2 to 5'/i. 92.OO. cerized quality; come in white with shadings of light blue, red, black etc. O f charge. Gloves eleaaed by a new process. values.
One-Price Special on Men's Suits I If™ Opening * I Marvelous Success of Great Women's and Infants' | R Value* Obtainable in
and Overcoats r* ~J~,p -. Reduction Sale m Cloak and yosnioname unaerwear. , , , , „,
¥ F you were to pay FIFTEEN DOLLARS for WanO A Oy Vept. Suit Section Continues. S SS^b^^n^Tt^L^ ' BOVS* CloUteS.
1 one of these suits or overcoats you would get a qp HIS is the first announcement we Opportunity Still Open to Secure One of These vail &U kmdS ' PragCrS . P°P ular pnces pre - « flBaaaaaBMaBBaeBaaaa
remarkably fine value, and at the prices */e are 1 have made of our magnificent tov de- — ...... ,_, kl - _ „.,„„_ , , . , „ ,
offering them they are the bargains of the year. k partmS .it probabTJ^ uses more floor . Half- Price New Fall Carments. MUSLIN GOWNS. p EC AUS Ewe have gathered every style turned out
cfirrc c«,r. ,ni i«Vi /c , , ,?« I, •"» , Z Z ZTZ r,i ''**— Made of Lonsdale cdmbnc, French JQ .by the best known Eastern tailors, we can sat-
J/ _ SU C 1TS « . . . w . . Tw^ a greater variety | F you have any thought at all for a new fall slip style: round neck, elbow sleeves; pret- W isfy the most exacting. There is an immense
£?* /fb. 4Th & r Smt , °f heavy-eieht dark of holiday articles than any other retail I garment this liberal offer will be of vital inter- tily trimmed with torchon lace and clus- variety of clothes in our stock, and at the small mar-
>bv SJ8 /Hk IanL T C , Ot "i ith i , neat , strip t es f tore »" this city. It includes .he entire *¦ cst . Every garment in our stock received for ters of tucks; full length and width. g i n of profit at which we have marked them they are
«LD m. (Lip sin R le and d° ubl e breasted basement, extending from Market street the the fall business has been reduced one-half. The Infants' Wpar Genuine bargains
*T ~ «^^%^ styles. full length of the store. . ' sale, however, has been conducted for three UliaiUS- Wear. genuine oargams.
Gray Scotch mixture with We have been at work for months ar- we eks and it will be advisable to make your selec- SLIPS. SUITS.
Kreen overplaid. One of the very latest fabrics. A very ranging the display and have spared no ex- tion at once Defore the lines become broken. 50c— Long Bishop slips, made of long S7 50—Ynrths' aaes 12 to 10 vears- the roit,
neat suit. pense to make the department as attrac- SUITS cloth and trimmed at neck and sleeves with 3 ' 'V^T7h« l~™ i,t«t f^inn il^TnM ff- V
Heavy - weieht blue serge and black Clav worsted. tive as possible. Already a great part ¦ of S9 or , All wool tailored -suits beautifully fin narrow hemstitched ruffle of India linon, ,«H^no 1! hri» e t?rf • »S ,r' m?rf? «? ™ ?^»n S
lined with K ood Italian linings; hair cloth fronts and our sto P ck ha , arrived fLrn luropefand we ,J» *^^t 2 "o fthe""* S left. Same style and aualitv in short dress; sizes 6 " ' ° f
square padded shoulders. are. prepared to accommodate those shop- p"^"i- r « I2n o to $2200 "valueq months to .1 years.
OVERCOATS. pers who prefer to secure their toys now, lifos «7 r.o'sil! 75 L 822 SO-Gives POKE BONNETS. #0.00-KavY blue serge # and black Thibet suits:
Oxford overcoat, cm 48 inches long: slit packets: cuffs before the great crowds begin buying. * your ' cno i ce of' aW 300 suits. Every one v"? C ' t 7Sf \: *l' 0 °J V'™** I" 5 * ? 7 ?7 double and single breasted coats: perfect fit guaranteed ;
on sleeves: eood Italian Hnin R s: cut vcrv full and loose. Every new novelty manufactured will be * tr " ct f y man tailored the very latest in styles We Made of embroidered, hemstitched. tucked aK es 12 to. IQ years. These soils are re K ular $ro.oo val-
Dark Oxford box coat. 40 inches long: extra finely found m our rooms, besides hundreds made colors and blade. Coats are """
made: perfect fit exclusively for us. long> short Of me dium lengths, with straight '"y, e e s S of l vanous daint > materials. Many OVERCOATS.
TROUSERS. fronts (mannish effects) or pouch with extra ' "' 92.OO-Double-breasted reefer top coat with velvet
$1.S5— Good heavy-weight mixed tweed pants for ¦ shoulder capes. Skirts have full sweep and are 1 collar They are made of Oxford cheviot: aces T to 8
work: suitable for teamsters or rough wear; extra well Mon'c f Jndorwpnr handsomely tailored. Some have silk drop skirts. Men's FtimishinKS. years. Special for this week only.
made: regular $2.2S values. men b v/nqerwedr. £v garment is worth from $30.00 to $4500. S— „ .
.•? l.J>5_Dark worsted trousers with neat colored Am ' _ L ., L _, COATS. 5e each— HEMSTITCHED HAND- *.M>(>— Russian overcoats for boys from .1 ; to 7 years
Btripes: cut in the latest style and suitable for business , 4< » c a Karrnent-Derby ribbed underwear; $o.95_=;o coats made of the very best Enclish KERCHIEFS; plain white and colored old; all the rage tor the little fellows. Special.
year; worth $i50. f " irts i iav , e , 9 lIk ( - aC uT C " c a^uu^o kersey. .10 inches long: satin lined and prettily borders. Just received a new shipment. ?4.»5— Reefer top coats: trimmed with brass buttons:
#U.:i5— Worsted trousers; all silk sewed and tailored have doub.o -stitched seams and double seats. tr immed. tailor" stltfhed: we have, several shades of Fine values. 6 for 25c. . embroidered silk design on the sleeve and collar of self
in first-class style; a b:g variety ot patterns: regular S.^.oo CO '?f S CCI "J;' lv • • tan and castor J worth $17.50 regularly. NECKWEAR. material: aees .1 to 8 years. Exceptionally good values.
" a «2.83-Fancy Scotches and mixed chmot, in ,„•. i^r-t^lt^'^c"i 1 gaLeS ' made' ,, „. . .. ,J^f- , , -, • and^hWd'bows^fourufieckT- ««' p«t« , «.^O0_Full length Oxford overcoat with «lvtt col-
&** Panels; warranted S tnc«,y all-woo! C oods and (or warmth and durabiUty; ahvays so.d a, J^ ~^f iS|i|2 St'^f^toreT stript'a'n'd 'doS g£ Th " m ° f «"' mltt^ « *** «'"
fast colors. ; $i.oo a garment. from $10.00 to $12.00. ' | regular asc values. ,.V for 35c. " *" ' r
Braunschweiger & Co. f inc.
5 and 7 Off VMM ST., San Francisco,
Tel. Main 1C4C Wholesale Dealer*
Superior from all points o*' .
view; PociMBbir abaolnt* pur-
ity, proper are and' Honest
Flavor. Adapted to all tartes
according* to Brew end Brand.
EXPORT WIEUER PRIVATE STOCK WJEHCHEHER
'.••'¦ Aik for "BLATZ" at Club or Bar.
YAL. BLATZ BREWING CO., MILWAUKEE
ET Bt a H fl & kL*£0 h R blM
OF BEER, DECLARE
El tif!^ M n( * man y other painful and serious
P^H^I^i ailments from which most mothers
a y | |1 «§ suffer, can be avoided by the use of
*•* /Kk "Molber'S Frlead."" This great remedy
?Q? ' wm f&k iB S a God-send to women, carrying
%M \ V* WL HH R them through their most critical
SS&r a @ S^m >«Br y ordeal with safety and no pain.
No woman who uses "Mother's Friend" need fear the suffering
and danger incident to birth; for it robs the ordeal of its horror
and insures safety to life of mother and child, and leaves her in
a condition more favorable to speedy recovery. The child is
also healthy, strong and «¦ m- jm^ ¦, «, ¦> «m p-^ -—^
woman, and will be sent free in plaiu pa p^ S |Si 0 K^
envelope by addressing application to ||j If ra HsS r| U
Bradficld Regulator Co. Atlanta, Ga. i Bal^i^^
ADVERTISEMENTS.
"Fairly Sparkling In Beer Goodness 11
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ADVEBTISE2IE2ITS.
SPECIAL SALE Of
Blue Voile
Tailor -Made Suits
Richly trimmed with silk braid and fancy
buttons; skirt trimmed with braid to
match. Positively made to sell for $27.50,
and worth it. ' On sale at
SfS-OO
SEE OUR WINDOWS
0
Wholesale Manufacturers
1142-1146 MARKET ST.
w^^Ci O O D cl U D GEo\In a complaint for divorce filed yester
day by Fannie M. Forsen ag-alnst Ferdi
nand Forsen she alleges that ever since
the night of August 21 of this year she
has been unhappy.* She says that on that
night her husband choked and struck her,
saying as he, did so, "I'll kill you before
I get through with you." Since then, she
says, he has repeated the performance so
many times that she Is unable to specify
the dates, with the result that she fears
he will some day do as he threatens. The
Forsens live at 21 Victor street. They
were married July 4, 18SS, and have four
children.
John Sullivan is suing Lulu Sullivan for
a divorce on the ground of desertion. He
says that she left him without cause or
reason more than a year ago.
Judge Murasky granted C. J. Robinson
a divorce from Hattle Robinson for deser
tion. She left him a year ago and he has
not seen her since.
Because She Fears for. Her
Life.
Fannie M. Forsen Wants a IMvorce
ALLEGES HER HUSBAND
THREATENS TO KILL HEB
During the examination of the witnesses
the defendant sat beside his counsel with
hla face burled In his hands. He never
lifted his eyes_ and when the court ad
journed he covered his eyes with his hand,
kerchief so that he could not meet the
gaze of the crowd that lined the corridor.
The witnesses examined were J. L.
Wolf, Harvey Long, John J. Sullivan, G.
Gamborinl, Fred Martin, Geneva Portler,
Mrs. Pearl Dobyns and Dr. L. D. Baci
gralupl, autopsy surgeon. They were all
eye-witnesses of the tragedy, except "Wolf
and Dr. Bacigalupl. and their testimony
was the same as given at the Coroner's
Inquest. The hearing was continued till
to-morrow morning, when two more wit
nesses will be examined, which will close
the case for the prosecution.
The preliminary examination of Ed
mond de Labrousse, . charged with the
murder of Miss Marie Jordan In front
of Her residence at 1459 Sacramento street
on September 29, was commenced before
Police Judgre Cabanlss yesterday. District
Attorney Bylngton conducted the prose
cution and the defendant was represented
by Attorneys Roche and Kelly. The court
room was crowded.
Eye-Witnesses of tlie Tragedy Repeat
Testimony Given at Coroner's
Inquest.
LABROITSSE'jS PRELIMINARY
HEARING IS IN PROGRESS
Three flats at 1123 to 112T CFarrell street;
new house on lot 42:4x137:6 feet" at 2517 Pine
street; flats at 723 to 729 Fulton street, 112
west from Buchanan; flats at 711 and 713
Webster street, south from Fulton; 'flats at
275 Shipley street; building- lots on the south
line of O'Farrell street, ,80:6 feet west from
Fillmore: house and two flats on Jones street.
1506 to 1510, north from Jackson; building lota
on. the west line of Buena Vista avenue, be
tween,' Congress and Evergreen streets; two
story house at 927 Union street. : west from
Taylor; building lots on the east line c-f Forty
fnnrih avanue. south from B street. .
Madison & Burke will hold an auction
on Wednesday, October 28. and will offer
for sale properties on the north line of
Market street, adiolnlng Mason: on the
north line of Eddy street, between Mason
and Taylor: a Mission street corner be
tween Ninth and Tenth, and a half ln
terlst on the southwest line of Third
street, between Brannan and Townsend.
Kaston, Eldridge & Co. report the fol
lowing sales at auction on October 18:
Holyrood Hotel. $50,250; four two-story
frame buildings and lot on the westerly line
of Leavenworth street, 84:6 feet south from
Ellis, with frontace of 83:9 feet on Leaven
worth street, and running 1 through to rear
street. $48,000; lot on southwest corner of
Church and Twenty-flrst streets, C0xll4 feet,
with 6-room cottage, for $2000; lot adjoining
corner of same streets, 25x114 feet, for $600;
lot on southwesterly corner of Mission and
Mary streets, subject to confirmation. $70,000:
lot, 25x114 feet, on the southwesterly line of
Twenty-seventh street, SO feet east from Noe,
for $800; lot, 25x100 feet, on the itouth line
of Point ixiboa avenue. 107:0 feet oast from
Ninth avenue, with 6-room cottage. -for $2000;
3023 and 3025 Clay street. 27:6x85 feet, with
two flats, for $5000.
Easton, Eldridce & Co. will auction
realty at their salesrooms. 638 Market
street, at noon on October 27. The offer-
Ings include the following: - - .
Through the agency of A. J. Rich &
Co., Leopold Kahn has leased to Isaac
Llebea for thirty years two pieces of land
at the southwest corner of Sutter and
Sansome streets and on the south line
of Sutter street, S7:l feet west from San
some, for the sum of $442,800 for the term.
Liebes will, at the expiration of the pres
ent lease, put up a ten-story building
on the land at a cost of $150,000 to $200,000.
A frontasre of 600 feet on tho west line
of Twenty-first avenue by 120 feet on H
and I streets will be graded, the con
tract havlnjr been let for the work. The
property will be brought to the official
lines. The street and sewer work will
also be done. Then the property will be
subdivided and sold by Baldwin & Howell
on special terms.
The Jacob Heyman Company reports the
following sales:
, Cottage on the south line of Alvarado street,
west Irom Douglass, for $3200, to D. Rlchard
6on; cottage on the southeast corner of Hoff
man avenue and Alvarado street to Louis
Sposello, for $3700: four lots In block 17,
south of the park, for $1000, to "W. Eddy of
Stockton. Tho .company Is building cottages
on the west line of Hoffman avenue, between
Twenty-third and Alvarado streets, and on the
east line of Hoffman avenue, near Twenty
second street.
Madison & Burke have leased to Smith
& Plotner for Joseph Musto the new ho
tel on the east line of Taylor street, be
tween Geary and Post, at $1300 per month.
The term of the lease is five years.
south of Twenty-second, for $3350; Mrs. M.
Dunn to Mrs. E. Cosgrove, lot 25x75 feet, with
two flats, at 312 and 312^ Tehama street, for
$3500; R. L. L/evensaler to A. Messina, lot 23x
68:0, with Improvements, on the south line of
Berry street, for $3000.
LONDON. Oct. 17.— It is announced that
Jsa \>c\\f Jay, formerly leading lady of the Sa
ity Theater, wife cf II. S. H. Cavendish, the
Hi* Etif, participating in the production of
'Tba Country Girl" In Daly's Theater.
WASHINGTON. Oct. 17. — Secretary
Moody has approved the estimates for
the support of the navy for the next fis
cal year, as recommended by the chiefs
of bureaus, amounting to $102,566,449, as
against $79,516,791 appropriated for the
last fiscal year.
Moody Approves Estimates.
Among minor properties recently eold
by Easton, Eldridge & Co. are the fol
lowing:
Richard Pahl to A. Bondani, lot 30x117 feet,
on the ea»t line of Fair Oaks street, 122 feet
Lot on north line of Fell street, east of De
vlsadero, 25x137:6, Alice Armstrong to E. But
ler, $3000; lot on south line of Beulah street
east of Stanyan, 25x137:6, H. J. Cole to c!
MeuBsdorffer, $21. r »0; lot on routh line of AN
varado street, west of Sanchez, 50x114, Rob
ert Fltzcerald to Eugene F. O'Connor, $SOO
lot on west line of Larkln street, north of
Gre^n. 27x137:6, with cottag-e. A. Lauterbach
to A. Chichizola, $3375; lot on north line of
Broadway, east of Powell. 20x90, with Im
provements, $7500, J. Sartor to B. Becaaa, and
a lot on south tin* of Twenty-third street, east
of Douglass, 25xS9. and cottage. Prudence
Building and Loan Association to William
Wiener for S2400.
The Von Rhein Real Estate Company
has sold the following mentioned proper
ties:
MANUFACTURING SITE.
Baldwin & Howell have sold the north
east corner of Townsend and Eighth
streets, 275 feet sauare, for $75,000 to a
local manufacturing establishment The
sellers are the Armour Packing Company
of Chicago, who bought the property in
March, 1902, for $63,000. In the re-sale G.
H. Umbsen & Co. represent the sellers!
Between $140,000 and $150,000 will be ex
pended by the new owners for buildings
and plant.
Lot 25x120 on the east line of Forty-seventh
avenue, 30O feet south of If street, to B. C
Best for $800; lot 25x100 on the north line of
I street, Ji7:6 feet east of Forty-eighth avenue
to H. C. Clark for $800: lot 25x100 on the
south line of I street, 82:6 feet east of Forty
sixth avenue, to George G. Foster for $550
lot 25x120 on the west line of Forty-sixth ave
nue. 100 feet south of H street, for JSOO; lot
25x120 on the east line of Tenth avenue, 175
feet south of J street, to F. Crothera for $1000;
lot 25x120 on the west line of Forty-eighth
avenue, 212:0 feet south of K'street, for $550,
to Mary K. Whelan; lot 50x120 on the west
line of Forty-sixth avenue. 175 feet south of
II street, to Henry Van Wle for $1600; lot 25x
120 on the east line of Tenth avenue, 125 feet
south of J street, to J. F. BJorklaund for J1OOO;
lot 57:6x100 on the southeast corner of H
Ftreet and Forty-seventh avenue, to Samuel C.
BenHon, and lot 50x120 on the east line of
Forty-seventh avenue, 100 feet north of I
street, to Ada D. Norton for $1600.
From Aaron Kahn to Mrs. S. S. Foorman,
25x77:0 and Improvements at 4ti ai:d 443 Thlrvl
street, for $3o,WJO; from the V. K. Van A1I«J
estate to Alexander Heyneman, dSxlCiS feet,
and improvements, at 912 and U14 Pine street,
for $24,800; from P. P. Austin to Louis A.
Uevoto, 100x120, and improvements, on tha
eouth tide of Grove street, 131:3 east of Bu
chanan, for $17,250; Beausan & Beauson to
Garret W. SIcEnerney, improvements and Zlx
85. on the south line of Bush street. 90: a east
of Mason, JOtSOO; Frank Krates to C. J. Jep
son. southeast corner of Oak street and Centra]
avenue. 49:5x110. $8000; H. Dlckerson to Airs.
F. Bauer, Improvements at 429-429% Oak
street and 822-322 H Lily avenue and lot 25x120
for $0500; Mary E. lilgelow to Julius Relmer,
improvements at 1117 Broadway and 23x60 feet
west of Jones street, for }2200; Paul Branke
to Mrs. M. Ferry, improvements at 1021-10".U
York street, and 25x100, for $2200; M. Silver
man to Martin Fahey. Improvements at 1310
Florida street, and lot 25x100, for $1100- Ellen
Coleman to Mrs. Mltrovich, lot 25x110, on tha
north line of Twentieth street. 60 feet east of
The following sales are reported by Sol
Getz & Son:
The Mackay corner at Fourth and
Market streets was sold by G. H. Umb
sen & Co. These brokers have also sold
the following mentioned properties:
VARIOUS PKOPEB.TTES.
ton street, with lot 65x137:6 feet for about
$40,000: also 60x137:6 feet on the northeast
corner of Sutter and Steiner streets for
Mrs. Emma G. Butler to Oscar Harris on
private terms; also 25xl37;6 feet on the
north line of O'Farrell street, with im
provements, S3 feet east from Larkln, for
JM.OyO.
private terms. The lot is 50xl27:8>4 feet.
The same brokers have sold* to a client
for Peter Creighton the Lithgow apart
ment house on the north line of Washing-
Bovee, Toy & Co. have sold for Mrs.
Golda Alexander to a client of the brok
ers 25xS7:6 feet on the south line of O'Far
rell street, with improvements consist
ing of a three-story brick and frame
building for $65,000. The present rental
is $300 per month under lease.
A. J. Rich & Co. have sold for TV. F.
Perkins the residence on the north line of
Washington street, east from Locust, on
agreed to sell for $3S,500 the property on
the north line of Jessie street, 69:6 feet
west from Seventh. The lot is 210:6xS0
feet.
Through the agency of Guy T. Way
man the southeast corner of Gough and
Turk streets, C5xl20 feet, has been sold
for John G. Barker and Calvin E. Knick
erbocker for $35,000. The property will be
Improved with twelve flats.
J. C. Skinner and C. E. Holmes have
Easton, Eldrldge & Co. have sold to Al
bert Pissis for the Poole estate 72:6x87:6
feet • on the north line of McAllister
street. 72 feet east from Fillmore, for
$lfWi0. They have also sold at auction
the Holyrood Hotel at 820 Bush street to
iX. Cronan of Sacramento for $50,250.
The estate of John Barry has sold to R.
O. Baldwin 55x80 feet on the east line of
Fourth street, 195 feet south from Bry
ant, for $18,500.
paper. Leon SIoss, Ix>uls Sloss, "W. L.
Gerstle, E. R. Lilienthal, G. H. Umbsen.
et al. bought for $1,200,000 the southeast
corner of Market and Fourth streets,
which is at the rate of 56S6O per foot for
the Market-street frontage. The Im
provements to be erected hava not yet
been determined, but they will be costly.
Speck & Co. have sold the Alcalde prop
erty at 725 O'Farrell street for $140,000.
The lot is 50x137:6 feet. The present In
come is $13,740 per annum. The same
brokers have also sold property on the
north line of Turk street, 98:9 feet east
from Taylor, practically unimproved, at
the rate of $2050 per front foot, or $53,000
for the entire piece. The sellers are Mrs.
Mary Morrissey and Miss Annie F. Mc-
Dermott. The new owners will improve.
week has already been mentioned in this
The largest real estate deal of the last
The officials of the Southern Pacific
Company aro exerting- all their energies
to provide the necessary "equipment for
the expeditious movinjr of the products
of California to the East, and they are
confident they now have the situation well
In hand. The growth of freight traffic
from this State during recent years has
been phenomenal and has forced the rail
roads to go to enormous expense for the
purchase of new rolling stock.
In the last three years the Southern
Pacific Company has bought more than
15,000 new freight car3 and 337 new loco
motives of the -most powerful ahd ap
proved type have not only been ordered,
but most of them have been delivered and
put Into servioe. Forty-one % thousand
carloads of California products were car
ried over the Southern Pacific lines to
Eastern points during the fiscal year end-
Ing June 30. an increase of 4000 carloads
over the preceding year. Shipments with
in the State also showed a large increase.
The local officials of the Southern Pa
cific are Just now doing a great deal of
crowing over what they claim to be re
markable transportation feats in railroad
transportation of freight. The first and
most gratifying was the rapid handling of
a cargo of silk that came in on the
steamship Korea. The consignment was
placed on the cars and rushed across the
mountains in passenger train time, the
trip from this city to Ojjden being made,
it is claimed, in Just thirty-six hours and
twenty minutes. .Almost as fast time was
made in the handling of the big cargo of
tea brought to this port from the Orient
last week on the big steamship Siberia.
The chests of tea were taken from the
vessel's holds and loaded on the cars
with all possible dispatch and the big
train was sent over the heavy grades to
Ogden in just sixty* hours, which, railroad
men say, is remarkably good time for a
heavy freighter.
According to a statement recently issued
from the office of the railroad company,
the orange and lemon crop of California
last season required 5601 cars to carry it
East, green fruit 7673 cars and canned
goods and dried fruit &000 big freight cars.
It is estimated that the present season's
raisin crop will require not far short of
£500 cars to move It.
During the last two months, which rail
read officials say is the rush season, cars
have piled up to some extent at certain
Junction points, but they add that such
"blockades" mean nothing more than the
necessary criss-crossing of trains to roach
points of destination.
Record Time Made by Heavy
Trains Between This City
and Ogden.
Co3tly Improvements on Pur
chased and Leased Land
Contemplated.
Southern Pacific Adds
Largely to Its Equip
ment.
Several Deals Effected
Indicate Healthy
Conditions.
FREIGHT TRAFFIC
IS ENORMOUS
REALTY MARKET
REMAINS STRONG
THE SAN FKANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, OCTOBER 18,-1903.
POTSDAM, Prussia. Oct. 17.— Prlncei Aug.
uste William and Oscar, respectively the fourth
and fifth sons of Emperor ¦William, were con
firmed to-day In the Church of Peace. In th«
presence of the Emperor and Empress and
other members of the Imperial family.
28
>. ADVERTISEMENTS.
HAVE YOU AN AILMENT
THAT WEAKENS YOU?
Something that makes you feel weak, dragged
down and debilitated all the time? Do you get
up tired and weak every morning, no appetite
and a bad taste in your mouth?
IF you do you need f l|k T CURE a11 diseases
the cause removed. / , MI and weaknesses of
You need treatment L^ >||| mcn , such as Varico-
by one who has made |j|& ip! cele, Stricture, Con-
a study and cure of y %<i »— tracted Ailments,
these ailments for 17 X-j) *J Specific Blood Poi-
years. Don't neglect ,ff son, N e r vo u sn ess,
your health for a few y®%0& j Nervous Debility,
dollars. Your health JS^' Lost Strength, Piles,
is worth more to you /J^ — 1\ Rupture, Fistula,
than all the money In J~ /J / Kidney and Kindred
the world. S / \ ' Troubles.
Con«ultatlon Pree. j P|| r p Q C.UArant PPli\ TTe ' B P ok ftt Offlce
Cbarsres Seasonable. "Ul t5 UUdl all Lt/t>U or By Mall.
CK HHI QMAM M IV 729 Market Street. S. F-. Top Floor.
• l\. IIULoItIAIII, IVI. U., Hours-9 to 8 Dally. Sundjy 9 to 12.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
biliousness;
Constipation, Inactive Liver and
Weak Kidneys are the result of a
weak stomach. Then the only
way to prevent these ailments is
to strengthen the stomach by tak-
ing Hostetter's Stomach Bitters.
Prominent physicians always pre-
scribe it in cases of stomach
troubles. You can therefore rely
on it. It positively cures Belch-
ing, Heartburn, Indigestion, Dys-
pepsia and Malaria, Fever and
Ague. Try it.
HOSTETTER'S
STOMACH BITTERS.
ELEGTRO-GHEMiSTRY I C fir
Saves a a I
r^^^-^^V'—v—j^ Paralyzing Rheumatism Is Cured
<- '"'•"'"•" '*'^fei; 1^? bj Electrochemistry as by
i r-^^^^^i^'H K° Other Known Treatment.
1 ;^ Read More Proof.
jlIPP" '•'^CT'* '" '^' Mrs. Mary Rivest, living at 523
;$?¦ \ .: '» Forty-fourth street, Oakland, adds
j I^^*'- <mf- * ' cr testimony. Mrs. Rivest says:
' «g|£' A ¦ • ¦•; : t% "About one year ago I was taken
T8&> ffif 4 with a very severe at:acic of rheuma-
j. _.'¦ \;r.fe '-.i ti«m, my right* knee being the worst,
*. 4 ' ¦' $g$rk "'i ¦ * at times being so swollen that the skin
> : - i . WS^Kmn^^^^f iHmSL ;/ ' '" ; cracked open. I was given all kinds
P^flS^^CTT^^^' °^ treatment in form of medicine,
ItoTSBE^^TC^''' •j'SSSB^^a blisters, liniments, batteries, etc., but
B^>£p«|fo:£SSL"/' - "^^ '-.BBBp-.^j •" spite of all this I was unable to
fffp*j8pRSrggi|V rnove out of bed for over five months.
19ft.'/ *«^^fffi \- - ¥3fiz5Z&!i Then I was only able to barely move
vpc vist BTtrrc- around with the aid of crutches for
va rcrty.fetrth Btmt otkiui tnc next 61X months. Even after be-
ing: able to move with the aid of
crutches some of the best doctors that 1 saw told me that the only thing to
be done was to have my leg taken off. Having heard o^ people being cured
««r rheumatism at the Electro-Chemic Institute, 118 Grant avenue, San Fran-
cisco, I managed to go to their office, and before I had taken ten treat-
ments the pain had left my knee and I w*a able to take off the heavy band-
age that I had been wearing. In some five or six more treatments I was
abie to walk without my crutches, there being only a slight stiffness and a
smail amount cf weakness, due undoubtedly to a year's entire disuse of
the leg and knee joint. '
"It gives me great pleasure to recommend this wonderful Electro-
Chenr.c treatment." •
Elect ro=Chemic Proof.
For nearly two years we have been publishing the testimony of cured
patents in the leading San Francisco paper*. We have not asked the pub-
lic to take our unsupported word for our claims of cures. Some of the
jest people of San Francisco, through gratitude and a laudable desire to
benefit other sufferers, have kindly volunteered their public testimony,
i ncse Electro-Chemic cures are quick, they are permanent and they are in-
i X c P T«w C ; « t^^ri a 7i becncuredof CONSUMPTION, CATARRH,
RiMrmr* #ii£ U b^JK^c CANCER S. TUMORS, DEAFNESS
SSt i?t?i^SS- PARALYSIS. LOCOMOTOR ATAXIA, PILES, KID-
peculiar to them have been cured painlessly and kept out of the surgeon's
™2pT^ E ™™ C T, b T C ,f n cured of WEAKNESS, PROSTATITIS, VARI-
COCELE, SPECIFIC BLOOD CONTAGION, etc., etc., after having lost
P V$T?Hf h f *i lt S^ t i ndcr the older medical treatments.
QUICK and PERMANENT cures are what we want. They are the
best advertising that we can get. We have the largest special practice In
San Francisco, but we can do still more.
HOME TREATMENT.
We loan to outside patients our Electro-Chemic apparatus for home
treatment free of charge. We advise all our outside patients, when it can
possibly be done, to come to our office for a thorough personal examina-
tion. In most instances the patient can return home the same day tak-
ing the necessary treatment along. When it is imposeible to visit us
a «™ U Ji dc , SCnptlOn °/ Principal symptoms, and full instructions
will be promptly forwarded for home examination and treatment.
free *.ZE!1h Electro=Chemic
All sufferers who are tired of belnc
sick, those who have worn out their w « .
stomachs swallowing drugs, thoee who I«1Pf<t«fA
have found from bitter experience that S IS I ill P
th« older methods of treatment do not HlOUmiV .
help them— all are Invited to come to us ,, o « . ,
for fn*« examination. We will explain Ho Urant AVC. COT Post <st
how Electro-chemistry acts. We will _ , . . ' rWl Ot *»
demonstrate how and why It cures. Come oAIN FRANCISCO.
2lS£8S&g£^iS2gSZ JVS^Shi %£i£ i £S'- a r* '
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
W^^^KSU^ COMFORTS ARE GOING TO BEADDED^ffi»MifflJ //I
w0mm¥fmlfflr7Q from our forest stock as never \ v l
WM^Mmmr BEFORE. HERE ARE A FEW OF THE NECESSITIES
l™l^$i«r AND THE LUXURIES WE OFFER IN THIS OUR DRIVING MM
Wi^&TT SPECIAL OF THE BEST GOODS AND THE LOWEST PR1CE^ hI
W here Large hand-carved, solid oak and solid -. j This bedroom set, three pieces, bed. !f \Jns
H know sections, "$65.00; 3 sections, $95.00. w| 1 golden oak; bureau with triple |l^
\ cd in Corinthian scrolls and upheld This J6. 50 Handy Couch, a couch by dav and A large, inviting arm-chair-, /3\ M|\|p i
-r^r, \ hv ffriffins Snprinifnr <Minr nn bed by night; 33 in. wide and 6 ft long; solu oak, embossed i;ather /£& num \\Afe )
THE \ t b / 2 XS bpeCialt ° r $225.00 stro n g y sprin g s,covered W ithh e avy^n nr seat. Regular price j* «« /JjS&mBWfkl
BAR- \ I the vveek ¦ V^tu.uu musljn . Special for week 00.33 S7.50. Special.... **'^/fi£$M\ ]||Al/l U
OF 'THE \ WE ARE PREPARING FOR BIG CHANGES — CHANGES THAT WILL jMiiWm I iM
I VVEEK WILL V DOUBLE THE SIZE OF OUR STOCK AND OUR STORE, AND jfm f K|fli| Ulm
mUTFR^ D uTFn\ ADD A ROUND 500,000 SQUARE FEET OF WAREHOUSE v# Ugl ' \g9i(| ff f ( M
POLISHED 1 HAND-X F0R ol J R RESERVE SUPPLY. DEPARTMENTS ' Wi |9[< \}fm
CARVED AND MADE \. ARE BUILDING UP AND OLD ONES ARE SPREADING TOJ 41,; \m\SV l Ijm
l\T0 SUCH SHAPES AND \. OUT IN THIS, THE BIGGEST FURNITURE rjVlJ Cfi! I tSM \ VM
FORMS AS WILL PRODUCE «s^^ HOUSE OF THE COAST. iMj SBf N(M
i^W/^S " THE CREDIT HOUSE " 233 "^ :^!Z2!L^ -§^$?M F/rWt£&
ADVERTISEMENTS.
DR. CHAMLEY -
VICTORIOUS
AH Blackmailing
Schemes Defeated
S. B. CXAKLEY, m. I).
r.T"-'-4 T gra^oat* la eaedldae u>4 resitt»r»d in
fcur *t«t«*. Xfic'an aai pTtsrei to tt»
prefet&ioa lilt
In Woman's Breast
A Lump Is Cancer
/•- larap or tor« oa the lip, fac« or aaj-wlscr*
i.i months is nearly aitray* oaceer. Ti»y
sever pcia urtil almott pa.it czre.
I YVill Give $1000
IT I FAIL TO CTTKE AKT CAKCZR OR TV-
K0R I TEZAT BETOEE IT POISONS TKE
DEEP CLA2TD8.
\0 KNIFE OR PAIN
Nit a Dallar Ne;d B; Paid Until Cared
An it!»t(J «lr:b cr plent stir* the <rcr«0, the
r:o»t xrccfierful dlscorery cc enrib To-<!«y. Be«t
l-^-^k <*n r«Dcers «'»«-r prlatod tent ireo with te»-
: denials c" T^pT:BBnd« cared whom yon can «•«•.
jfT V m m 'TJk -^f_&%_ ** 3 *U luirp la tfc8
/£f*^± ff Tl 7\^^^ !r»ast w!:l pft'joa
US& i&Sw&x: tian " D 7 oth«r <Jcc-
\^-^ *4 1 20-Page 6ock Tree.
S. R. CHAMLEY, M. D.
••Slrlct'y Reliable" Two Lady Assistants
25 Third Street, San Francisco
PLEASE SEND to some one WITH CANCER
bee:rs
I Famous the • World
I Over-"Full£.Matured.
fl tSotd EVerytvher*;
M HILBERT MERCANTHOC CTX.
H FaclOo Coast Agents. ,
Rheumatism
Blight's disease, brick dust deposit, bed-
wetting, travel, dropsy, diabetes.
Cured with jr%3&|^
One Bottle /
McBurney's /^* *vili t
Kidney and fe) AW I
Bladder Cure r> f h
Relief tn 20 mln- "«^ A. H
ut?s. Express pre- * -^N» •Jv 1 1
paid $1 6O. Send 25c to W. F. McBur- I
ney for five days' treatment. M
220 S. SprJns st.. Los Angeles. So!d 11
by druggists. *J
g3^WEAK 7V\EIN
Baa ft&ii Du - IIALLS REINVIGORATOlt
|^™ ¦*¦!« stops all lussea and unnatural Ui»-
il H charges in 21 hours. You feel aa
EH BtfM Improvement from the firs: dose.
furl l (Mil e ' IHVe so n ' uo!l confidence In our
LLuJ UeaJ treatment tliat we offer Ftve Hun-
*¦* .-3 JfffiM drej rewarl for any case wo ta>
NOMBBSui not cure. Th'.a secret remedy cus-j
lc«t power, nightly emission*, wasted urgatid
varicocele, gleet, strictures, kidneys, failing
memory, drains In the urine, gonorrhoea, dis-
ease of the prostate glands and ail other terri-
ble effects of self-abuse or excess.-*, which lead
on to consumption and death. Positively cures
the worst cases in old or young of that mortify-
ing condition, quickness of the discharge and
wanting to do, and you can't. Sent scaled $_'
per bottle, three bottles. $3. Guaranteed' to
cure ary case.
Call or address orders HALL'S MED T CAL.
INSTITUTE. SM Broadway. Oakland. * Cal.
Also for sale at 10731, Market St.. 9 F Send
for free book.
v 5^gP^! K i¥ MENANDWOMErT.
<SrSylTi. JtEs^%?l Cs»Big6fortjnnatur»l
/3E*jy lilut iUtOKJ disehirges.inflansziation*.
m>j&B Gutrtateed jj irrititlont or ukeiadoai
it^Jf no« t» iirlotnre. o f mucous tuembnnet.
torn d. r r TT!- t *. C !'"^!*"'- P»>o"'e»». and not utria-
KTaYHEtnsSCHEMiCllCO. ("nt or poinonons.
m*»3^^CIH;mHAH,0,fciE<Aa Sold by Drn^lsU,
ISSgA^ C 8. A. JfgfT or lent In pUin wr*pp«r.
TiTS^fc. DT «xpre«i, i>r«ji;iid, far
— Circular wet on r«qoe«t.
61 pep v Year*What a happy old world this would be
if men who don't know anything would
only keep it to themselves Instead of tell
ing It.
at. the Grand Opera-house.
On Friday of next week a .special ath
letic entertainment will be given' at the
Sutro Baths, and the Cliff House,. Sutro
Heights and Seal Rocks will be visited.
On ' Saturday next a number lof trips
have been planned. The delegates will
have the choice of going to the Asti-Swlss
Colony vineyards at Asti. where lunch
will be provided, of visiting- Mount Ta
malpais, of a journey to Stanford Univer
sity and Ban Jose, with a ride through
the Santa Clara Valley, or of visiting
Monterey and Del Monte and the Big
Trees of Santa Cruz. -
The return trip of the visitors will be
made via Los Angeles or Portland, as
the delegates may elect.
The saecial train over the New York
Central road will arrive in this city to
night bearing distinguished visitors from
the Atlantic coast. The special train
furnished by the New York Central Is
designated as the "train de luxe" and is
said to be the finest ever Bent. across the
continent.
The officers of the American Bankers'
Association are as follows: President,-
On Thursday next a ferry-boat ride will
be Riven around the bay and on, the same
evening the visitors will be taken to'wit
ness the performance of "The. Christian"
The social . features of the gathering of
bankers will be on an elaborate scale.
On Tuesday next the , Century Club wili
give 'a reception from 4 to»6 p. m. to the
ladles accompanying: the delegates at the
clubrooms, 1215 Sutter street. , Informal
receptions 'will take place on Tuesday at
the headquarters at the Palace Hotti.
On Wednesday 'evening next a reception
will be tendered to the delegates and their
ladies at the Mark Hopkins Institute of
Art at 8:30. .. .
PLENTY OF ENTERTAINMENT.
On Friday next the addresses to be de
livered are "Education of Bank Clerks "
by J. B. Finley of the Fifth National
Bank, Pittsburg, Pa., and "The Effects
of the Inflow of Gold," by Hon. Ellia^H.
Roberts, Treasurer of the United States.
A discussion will* follow on '.'Practical
Bank-ing Questions," . and elect'en* of offi
cers will then be in order and the con
vention will, terminate. -\.
On/ Thursday next the topics to be
heardbythc convention will be "Practi
cal Banking Questions," which will be
generally discussed, and an address will
be delivered by Hon, W. B. Ridgely,
Comptroller of the Currency, his subject
being "Currency." Homer Kling of Wells
Fargo & Co.'s Bank will deliver an ad
dress, and the "Money Supply of the
United States" will be dwelt on by J. E.
McAshan of the Texas National Bank of
Houston. The day's proceedings will
close with statements by the bankers of
various States as to the condition of
business in their districts.
ADDRESSES TO BE GIVEN".
The resorts of the officers will be fol
lowed by an address on "Money Orders
of the Bankers' Association." by L,. P.
Hillyer of the National Bank of Macon,
Ga, The delegates of the various State
associations will then meet and elect
committees on nomination.
On Tuesday afternoon at 3 o'clock the
savings bank section of the association
will convene in the Academy of Sciences
building:, when many papers will be read
by men prominent in financial circles.
The opening of the Bankers' Convention
will take place at the California Theater
on Wednesday morning next. . The con
vention will be called to order by Cald
well Hardy of Norfolk, Va., president. of
the association. Prayer will be offered
by Bishop Nichols of the Episcopal dio
cese of California and speeches of wel
come will be made by Governor Pardee
and Mayor Schmltz on behalf of the State
and city. The annual reports of the offi
cers of the convention will then be pre
sented. •>"*£¦?: -
annual meeting. A number of papers will
be read on that branch of the banking
business and a general discussion will
follow, - ¦
siderable money will be expended to en
tertain the visitors at the famous
hostelry.
Bankers are busy men and pleasure is
to be combined with business. In order
that events in their home citie,s may not
be neslected in the next few days, the
entertainment committed has arranged for
a number vt expert stenographers and
typewriters to be on hand at the Palace
Hotel headquarters. They will attend to
any business the bankers may desire to
transact and free use. of the wires of the
Western Union. Postal and local*telephone
companies will be accorded to the visit
ing delegates and their families.
TO DISCUSS BANKING TOPICS.
On Tuesday next the trust company
section of the American Bankers' Asso
ciation will, at the California Theater,
beginning at 10 a. m., hold its seventh
The first Illinois delegation of bankers,
numbering about 100 and headed by Bank
er Hamilton, arrived in a special train
shortly after midnight this morning. The
party is composed mostly of friends of
Mr. Hamilton, and were his guests on a
similar excursion to the last convention
of the association, held in the South.
During the day a number of Eastern
bankers, who traveled "westward on the
regular trains, arrived in the city and
ILLINOIS PARTY ARRIVES,
Caldwell Hardy, president Norfolk Na
tional Bank, Norfolk, Va.; first vice pres
ident. F.G. Biselow, president First Na
tional Bank, Milwaukee,' Wis.; chairman
executive committee. E. F. Swinney, pres
ident First National Bank, Kansas City,
Mo.; secretary, James R. Branch, 20
Broad street. New York; treasurer,
George F. Orde, cashier Northern Trust
Company,' Chicago. 111.: assistant secre
tary, William G. Fltzwilson, New York.
The local committees having in charge
the affairs of the convention are com
posed of representatives of every bank in
San Francisco, together with banking men
from every city in California.
the majority of them registered at the
Palace. Among theae are W. A. Tilden
of the Drovers' National Bank of Chi
cago and wife; Kenneth Clark of Minne
apolis, W. Fredericks Myers of the Cap
ital Bank of St. Paul;. John C. McKeon.
vlco president of the Commercial National
Bank of Chicago; D. H. Moffltt of the
First National Bank of Denver, and B.
O. Selbach. also of Denver. C. C. Hay.
representing the official Journal of the
Bankers' Association, was also among
the arrivals from New York yesterday.
CHICAGO, Oct. 17.— Another large party
of Illinois and "Wisconsin bankers left
Chicago to-night for San Francisco to
attend the annual convention of the
American Bankers* Association. The
party, which is traveling in a magnificent
special train over the Chicago and North
western Railroad and its connections,
was organized .by George F. Orde of the
Northern Trust Company, Chicago.
which will last for five days.
Men whose names are associated with
enormous wealth are now speeding toward
the city by the Golden Gate, and In the
next twenty-four hours representatives
of tho great banking Institutions of the
j United States will be gathered In €an
Francisco.
This city, together [ with California and
the Pacittc Coast, Is likely to benefit by
the visit of the men who take care of the
wealth of the country. The broad possi
bilities of Investment on the Pacific slope
are sure to appeal to the custodians of
the country's wealth, and It 1b no exag
geration to say that material good Is
bound to result from the meeting in San
Francisco of the men. who carefully guard
and invest the accumulated earnings of
rich and poor of the country.
THEY REPRESENT MILLIONS.
Eight special trains are now hurrying
to San Francisco bearing the delegates
to the annual convention of the Bankers'
Association, and it Is estimated that 1500
delegates will be in this city by to-mor
row. They represent the great banking
Institutions of every section of the re
public The guardians of the millions of
famous financiers, of the money of own
ers of fabulously wealthy estates; the
earnings of railroad, steamship and trans
portation companies; the profits of. world
famous business concerns, the savings of
professional men of all classes and the re
sults of accumulations of physical toil as
measured by the standard of dollars and
cents, will meet In San Francisco ¦ in the
next few days to exchange views and dis
cuss questions vital to the financial world.
The savings of a toiler and the vast for
tunes of a Morgan, Vanderbllt or an As
tor or Rockefeller will be matters on
.¦which the delegates to the convention will
•five attention during the convention of
the next few days.
Men of all standing in the world of
finance will gather in San Francisco to
exchange Ideas as to the best methods
of handling and investing the wealth en
trusted to their charge. .. , i •;..;¦
Humble clerks In savings banks, presi
dents of wealthy financial trust institu
tions and representatives of the treasury
of the United States will meet on a com
mon platform to give each other the ben-,
efit of their experiences,' so that their cli
ents—the general public— may be bene
fited.
The details for the bankers' convention
have been carried out without undue pub
licity. The public of San Francisco has
not been asked to contribute to the enter
tainment of^lhe distinguished visitors.
FLEASTJRE' ANI> WORK.
In a quiet way the representatives of
the local and State banking institutions
have raised a generous sum of money to
entertain the men from other points who
have selected this city by the Pacific
Ocean as the scene of their deliberations.
To the credit of the local banks and the
men engaged In them the entertainment
fund has reached vast proportions, and
the visitors will have no cause to grum
ble. If*anythlng, they will be over
whelmed with attention and entertain
ment.
The real work of the bankers' conven
tion will commence on Tuesday next. To
day and to-morrow will be devoted to the
arrival of the visitors and the exchange
of social greetings. Headquarters will be
established at the Palace Hotel, and con-
Ban Frandeco will have in Its midst In
the next few days men who represent
countless millions of dollars of the coun
try's wealth.
In a quiet manner plans have been per
fected for th© twenty-ninth annual con
vention of the American Bankers* Asso
ciation, that commences to-morow and
Elaborate Entertainment Is
to Be Provided for the
Visitors.
Convention of Bankers
to Begin To-Morrow
MEN OF WEALTH
ON WAY HERE
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, OCTOBER 18, 2903.
29
v ADVEBTISEMENTS.
TH* VALUE OF CHARCOAL
Few People Know How Useful It Is-
in Preserving Health and Beauty.
Nearly everybody knows that charcoal Is the
Fa'fft and most efficient disinfectant and pur-
ifier in nature, but few realize Its value when
taken into the human system for the same
cleansing- purpose.
Charcoal Is a remedy that the more you take
of It the better; It Is not a drug at all. but
simply absorbs the gases and Impurities always
present In the stomach and intestines and car-
rles them out of the eystem.
Charcoal sweetens the breath after smoking,
drinking or after eating onions and other odor-
ous' vegetable*.
Charcoal effectually clears, and improves the
complexion. It whitens the teeth and further
acts as a natural and eminently safe cathartic.
It absorbs the Injurious gages which collect
In the stomach and bowels; it disinfects the
mouth and throat from the poison of catarrh.
All druggists sell charcoal In one form or an-
other, but probably the best charcoal and the
most for the money Is In Stuart's Absorbent
Lozenges; they are composed of the finest pow-
dered Willow charcoal, and other harmless an.
tlseptics in tablet form or rather In the form
of large, pleasant tasting lozenges, the charcoal
bring mixed with honey.
The daily use of these lozenges win soon
tell in a much Improved condition of the gen-
eral health, better complexion, sweeter breath
and purer blood, and the beauty of it Is that
no possible harm can result from their con-
tinued use. but on the contrary, great benefit.
A Buffalo physician In speaking of the bene-
fits of charcoal says: "I advise Stuart's Ab-
sorbent Lozenges to all patients suffering from
gas In stomach and bowels, and to clear the
complexion and purify the breath, mouth and
throat: I also believe the liver Is greatly bene-
fited by the dally use of them; they cost but
twenty-five cents a box at drug stors.. and al-
though in some sense a patent preparation, yet
I- believe I get more and better charcoal In
Etaart's Absorbent Lozenges than In any of
the ordinary charcoal tablets."
d visit DR. JORDAN'S great 6
4MUSEUM OF ANATOMY*
\ Sf Th« Larrest Anatomical Muteua In Ibe \
A «•=£?& disease p-HU.rJjr r «r.4 by the oldest ¥
A flfftf A OR. JORDAN-DISEASES OF MEN A
A I ®(hJe^8 Consultation free and strictly priTite. \
V B Vt/N Treatment personally or by letter. A A
\ 8 W ' i m '*•*•"'• Our€ ia ertry cts* andetaktn. T
APu I Write for Bock, rniL«KUPBV«r A
V f a * HAItnlACK. MAILED FKEB. ( A ¥
A fl I ¦ valuable book for men) \
V DU.J«BD1.\ A CO.. 1051 Market St.. 8. P. Q
Radway's
Pills
Purely vegetable, mild and reliable. Causes
perfect digestion, complete absorption and
bealthful regularity.
For the cure of all disorders of the Stomach.
Liver. Bowels, Kidneys. (^Bladder. Female Ir-
regularities. Sick Headache, Biliousness. Con.
ctipatlcn. Piles and all derangements of the
Internal Viscera. 25c a box. At druggists or
by mall. RADWAT & CO.. New York.
POLITICAL CARDS.
For
Mayor
HENRY J. CROCKER
• * '
Republican
Nominee
| For Public Administrator!
[William E. Lutz
"~JBepiil)lican Homineep
\ ¦•
,-
For Tax Collector
Edward J.
SMITH
1 ' ONCUMBENT.)
, Regular Republican Nominee
For ism :
ffASIMTONDOIE
Beicratic Miee.
For Sheriff
Peter J. Curtis
Chairman Street Committee- of Present Board
Of Supervisors,
Democratic Nominee
Union Labor Party Nominee.
DDTTCUDC Toa BARBERS. BA-
JjriUorlJu^ ker »» bootD'ack*. baU»-
¦ r?*f~ . , .. hotM«». biniard Ubl«^
brewers, bookbinders, candr-makers. eannera.
dy«ra, flour mllla. foundries. ' UundrUs. papers
har.jjers. printers, painters. aho« factonaa.
•Ublemen. tar-roofem. ¦ tanners, tailor*. «t&
BUCHAHAS B3OS.. - - ¦
Xxuth Xaaolactnzfiis, 609 Sacxaauato S «
ADVERTISEMENTS. : ;\ '¦'¦: ¦:
1 C *r* t r* jA Escaped from
OaVCU Padded Cell
CT "l-ff Ik /I H *"
V jlj I i == I VI I 1 13 ff I t"^ ]| Drink -Crazed Youth Breaks
* M •*» v*-; T m * From Hospital and Seek*
¦ _ ' 'v**M • Dr. Mch'onna.
*-— — \ Y Cure for the Liquor
ft^ff habit has Saved thousands Last Sunday morning an
1 S3 n£ **«^ M €«..»_ • • j r*'iiv ; >V: emaciated younp man stapgered
JK^JS 01 men trom SUlCldC I into my Sanitarium and begged
*P " • a « « 'or relief. He had been, on a
-^. have restored men's rea- 3£$?i$%2l
v J son when they were over .i o tte b n e dl o n b t 3 ered ca^?- ffi? h int p o lta i
thf VPrcrp nf incin!f<r f*«s\m padded cell, where the tortures
. LnC Verge OT insanity trom of his condition became so in-
j •„!, , I 4-i.A*»4. nM Ji i'i." a« t_ •• tense that In desperation he *
dnnK. l-treat and cure Alcoholism forced ws liberty, and, coming
. tt .. ' -. » T '. . « . ' to me, implored me to lessen his
;^ in all its stages. No drinking man sufferings.
. % . ** Every man who has drunk or
Will ever return to hi^ CIin<; attf*r * ' ls drinking to excess knows the
win 1CIU1U IU lll> tupb dlLCr agony this young man endured
falcino* tnv trf»sif mf»rii- ¦ ln tne P ad <Jed torture chamber.
idKing ITiy treatment.. H ad he been a victim of Ty- t v
" ¦ phoid or Diphtheria or Malaria
• ' T""V M ¦ 'T - ' 7& /3 T ¦ ' or any other serious disease, he
I B#* " 'I I ll/l/^ w£ Oft *^ #H ' would have received prompt
L/f . «|. t l. / 7ll_TV rt I I I 1 *\ ¦ medical attention, skillful nurs-
: •*-^m.;« •*# • ; ¦ ¦ %# • X T .!.%• JB.^kt*J| J.1 JL4JI Ing and the most cheerful ac-
i : commodations. Perhaps he was
14 Geary Street; San Francisco Si'iiK^H s£
Telephone Main 1037 .. penalty of disease ma padded
' The Original and : Only --3-bay. Cure for the ' '"¦•-¦ " ¦
v • --'Liquor Habit ¦ "" •
. . OPEN DAY; NIGHT AND SUNDAYS. fS^> M irAMMA-
Sanitariums: Chicago, III.; Kansas City, Mo.; Oklahoma UK *
'%\ 1 City, 0. T.; DeS MoineS, la.; Seattle; Wash. : Three-day Cure for Alcoholism
¦-¦'¦¦¦ ]¦'"¦¦ * •-'•,:---"¦- --.-;¦: •* - ¦ lsahumaneratlonalremedy.lt
Dr. mc/Canna'8 Book on Alcoholism Mailed on Request.: . . cures to stay cured.
iii iiiiii ii ii i in m^^ mm^ mmmmM^rm mm n^^^ m^rmnnwnmmwtmTmimm
. ADVERTISEMENTS.
B. KATSCHINSKI
Philadelphia Shoe- Co.
(0 THIRD STREET, SAN FRANCISCO.
AflJclnlaBT Call Builttoff.
IF YOU NEED SHOES
LET US FIT YOU
You cannot postpone buying
ehoes much longer, for the first
rains have fallen and you mi'st
protect yourself aj^inst the wet
weather. Now, when you want
shoes, why not let us fit" you? We
have the finest selected stock in
this city and no firm can undersell
us. That's a broad statement, but
we foar for no contradiction. For
example, we offer this week ladies'
r>!urnp vici kid lace shoes with dull
kid tops, straight foxed with styl-
ish loos and kid tips, Cuban heels
and. hand welted soles, with cork
filllnp. which prevents the damp-
ness from penetrating nnd WE
OFFER THEM AT flil.Oo A
TA1H. Just think of Felling a vici
kid.- welted shoe at such a cheap
price. Sizes 2 : j to 8, widths AA
to E.
A SWELL JULIET j
g
Here we have comfort and style B
combined. An article of footwear M
that any lady can wear. Vici kid n
Juliets with quilted satin tops, v
trimmed with beaver fur and warm B
lined. THE PRICE REDUCED I
TO S1.-1.V Sizes £4 to h, widths H
C to EE. P
CHILDREN'S S
LACE SHOES I
What every child requires. Neat [j
fitting, stylish shoes that are dur- H
able. Children's and misses' Impe- M
rial kit*- lace shoes with coin toes a
end tips, double soles -and spring ¦
heels; widths D and E— H
Child's sizes, 6tf to 11 85c ||
Misses' frizes, 114 to 2 Sl.OO t
RUBBERS I
Child's sizes, B£ to 10 1 .i....-....23c E
Misses' sizes, 11 to 2 30c |j
Ladies' sizes. 2\i to 8 35c if
Men's sizes, L4 to 12 50c I]
B. KATSCHINSKI j
p Philadelphia Shoe Co. n
1 1 10 THIRD ST., San Francisco. I
At Manutacturer's Price.
J. maktt, 22 Turk Street.
Facton'— t>-G Howard Street. Repairing.
SUMMER AND WINTER RESORTS.
TUSCAN SSSSSk.
Open the year found. AL.L, CASES OF
IU1EUMATIEM, GOUT AND BLOOD DIS-
KASES TAKEN CNUEK A GUARANTEE TO
CURE IN FROM TWO TO THREE MONTHS-
TIME OK ALL. EXPENSES, INCLUDING
HA IL.no AD FARES BOTH WAYS, RE-
FUNDED. KJdney trouble*. Dropsy, Diabetes.
Ftone in the KicJney or BlaCder, Catarrh of the
Kladder. CjTBtitls. DiscaRfg or the Genito-Uri-
nary Organs. Delicate Women, FkJn Diseases.
fccrofula and General Debility are treated with
pre-eminent success. Any case of Malaria
cured in from ten dayi to two weeks. Never
a failure known.
Amons the thouRanfls of case* that hare been
treated here in the last 13 years there has
never been a DEATH. Send 50c for a bottle of
Catarrh ?8lt« and sample of Metal Polish.
Products of Tuscan Springs. Hound-trip ticket*
hi reducpd rates. Inquire of any Southern Pa-
cific IiaUroad acent. TUSCAN MINERAL
SPRINGS COItP., Tuscan Sprlr.cs, Cai.
I RANK J. liVLEX, Manager.
ACUA CALIENTE SPRINGS
OPEN ALL YEAR ROUXD. Natural hot
sulphur spring*, temperature 115 decrees. No
*ia«in*T. Tare $1 10. Sure cure for rheuma-
tism, asthma, kidney and liver troubles. Tub
end hot Blunxp ».ath«. The larcest mineral
water swiaimlr.c tank In the StA'.e. Compe-
tent lady and gentlemen masseur*; ewlmminjr
teacher. Fpeclai ratt-, from now on. Peck's.
It Montgomery st. TIIEODOR RICHARDS.
Atna Caliente. Snr.oma County.
Schools and Colleges*
LEADING BUSINESS COLLEGE OP THE
WEST. 24 Post et.. gan Francisco. Ca"
Cft *w^rfo 4 r 0 r,r^^ rm &srxzr? t -
Weekly CaU, $l per Year
JOE BOSENBEBCKS. | JOE BOSEITBEBCPS. | JOE BOSENBEBQ'S. A | JOE BOSENBEBCKS. | JOE BOSENBEBCS.
UF At Hr* \/f%Ji T^Tf TMifcl I^ITV TO THE FACT THAT'THIsnSv
> ;s^e^lik\\ We Want You to Be Satisfied -The StoreThat Can Say, "We Satisfy."
y^Z.. ISl JP^^fS^rfav^JLwJ^v We arc looking for trouble— looking all day, every day, for anything that has caused or may cause even
/jfS^ \ the slightest vexation. When we find it, it is FIXED. If you find it first, TELL US. We want to SATISFY.
/ J-rf^T * *oWh A^^^^^^A I We do satisfy. YOUR MONEY BACK at any time if you are not satisfied. , |
/ t T\A^%ife^f>l; Snrnrkfl fnr To Get the Best and Give It at the Brides, Mothers and Sisters, Eyery Kind of Beantifier for EYerjIiody.
r^m^^yi XX W$C-1 Ynn hr Right Price Is This Store's Mission. j* - d t m.
V /^^xTTi \ Wr*/ m II] 25c and 35c Cushion Cords Now 19c. J$*yfk S&* ??£l Mm de^^i^3 e^^:
\ V'vtf'C / /I \\ y*i&? jW • Mnnnil x^.^. Full three and a quarter /S?V/\ WfiC** slightly soiled. /frSSjge&N nllle dotted in blue, brown.
V N&.v;!>>r>>V W II /* Jf illUI Gr lfi£\ yards Ions, made of extra //? \J\ W Rfcl made on cambric ur^VrTiLj al.«o black or whit*, with
- vT>*^7 /y' 5 V\ .4^ ' * It />?S heavy silk tinished yarn /7^r v (I V PS* and nainsook. f3. different combination of
Xsv &£m^. — *^*£il<*~1 j— -^ — VQUOrO \rjf 11 antl verv large tassel in *£ttJ}3> <iH blind, open 'work colors. Rral worth W cents.
_^ »t *J^g3«ft? OulGlui >C"X II different combinations of *"lW«aGr **. and Irish point Money-saving: store price 2Sc
Wm^- LasT/I)/* ™° a d k / t "f"?? l<andP r ie Jww/ .^Vvor^d'T^ g:?ISf 3SliiJ? ::::::::::::::::::::::§gS »„».„<! : -
•'•'•' ."S^'VfV fc^AfeJ / / >?•> made of the very best ffl|fM/ these now or for the hoi- BO-cent quality . I. "HSc MOtfieTS!
' leathep,$1.00 and $1.50 w^*"*"" idays here's your chance And others. We hare Just received another line of.
k •'•*¦'•' vZ^^ >oljTvT""w'' ; quality. Monday price to save. Our price.... lOc CHILDREN'S FAST-BLACK ¦DRAV-
./Smv'4 t^?T'i-L>' *'"»' ¦*¦¦¦'£''' :; - /> tt n t j i n i Cnmo MflFO T Stifle' Voctc ER9. Made of English thread. French
¦$$*At£\&ivVZi'.'' »^v Every One Has Been Led to Expect some more Lames lesis. band> butt oned on the side; ankie
;Wf'%'\tJM&>>/.' EZfli\ J ii „ »i™.Tp»!l» n , Mnde of pure sIlk - Iow neck and no »«W*». Swlsa ribbed. Elastic and vel-
,.*i : •;:'/'«?>•>*''''.•' rBllft / UnUSUal ifcWS rTOni lue sleeves, hand crocheted ed*e, with silk vet finish. AVhy not buy these and save
•• '.•/'"¦•//.• t/VrO f LmIM*.. tape run throu 8 h ". Swiss ribbed. In your laundry bill. Price 50c
y •'¦' - PriCe-CUtter. P«nk and blue. If you paid double this v
To Those We Know and Those We Ought to Know \ SS5 J^ "S« ooS? tf fi'^WSSV :
Thnrn , B 1« x Wff x,,,. *«••„ T . A - wear at low price. -J V^V KOre LaQieS UOOU Ulluerncar. LAblES* HOSE SUPPORTERS that
mere IS profitable reading in th!S that fOllOWS. The greatest LADIES' VESTS, made JvUpAy High neck and long sleeves, made of came our war far underprtwd.
measure of value goes to every patron of this store. ?ec« u S B nd It Si la i5ee I J?.: fiSS (mj f h e e a X^SF$^$?$^%S\ th^i^h 8^ S^SPSflSfr SS
Don't feei that- you must be a m Wffl Kot Sell Hosiery. ?fi?t! iiffSShoKN^! v » ' SS:!^2S^!^A!53os!
purchaser in order to see the new Twenty years' handling hosiery has ribbed. In pink, blue, white. &1U PANTS TO MATCH, same quality as black. Here's where you pet two for
things^ — we want you to come more taught us all the defects, and we havo lavender and black. \\ e above. French band, ankle length, same *ne price of one. Now 10c a pair
as I visitor.: l/we have what, gu^em^here.^ y ° U WlU when you $$&£ WM^^MaM^ *** ' 5 ° C ' HOOi-Oll
pleases you best, that is an after CHILDREN'S HOSE, made of Ger- ¦ . i W6*AdYertiS0 0H6 Hand~Mad6 HOSE SUPPORTER AND ABDOM1N-
considflrfltion '.-' ' man cotton, jersey ribbed, double Heels^ „ mni tt ti»^ n»» *„ n,,» n V* v mu AL. REDUCER, shaped pad to fit
consiaeratlon.- and toes, fast black and full length; all We Will Ha¥6 a BUSY DaV W OW Battenbe^ TidV. smoothly over abdomen, fancy filled
We place on sale • sizes; real worth 25c. Monday and Tues- ""«"«* J J ° x *» elastic, with four button clasps. Only
n.-. . f a__ , N ._ - vn »„¦ ;• day price i 5e yv COrSBt Dept. MOnQaY 11 LOW |ml.^A(* And we have many v> be had here at this price 19c
rf S?-.S5.^ 1 iR.-i«pa\- ' Ladies' Hose. # Price and Qaality Will Do It lgg» S£>"^? fl O »«I Spent at tie Price-
f* finish and fifare right Tand the f$8gfr1l£l Made of French lisle, £T V> FRENCH TAPE GIRDLE > "ifover lace ha^id 1 fllttPf T «5 h » DflV WPll SDfint
gjgl prices are right, too. Madn of I doublo heels and tons /Y>-^i CORSET, for the athletic made Thebraid will LUUCl b 1b a Ud/ HC11 opCUl.
Ftrlped and dotted, fleece-lihed L^BSa^i fast black, full length fed P irl; mado o£ extra , st / on B @W^ • S you more than ! SHELL HAIRPINS, made
flannelette, wide ruffles over f^»\y I with velvet finish; extra Ij^SA French tape, rust proof front fa&SgMs^ the tidy finished ! " ; o£ ltallan shp11 - straight an.i
J&. the shoulders, square . yoke 1 J**M9 I low In price 1 P^i \ steels and finished with a j£|^gp^{% Price >in« crinkly kind, three and a half
«SI effect. Collar, front and back. V«Ttw« H / on- , *. „« \\ ftl" 'arRe eatin bow; in white, - " 1 nce •••» l - \ j ; inches Ion*, highly pollahed.
Jg®k braid trimmed. Deep flounce. Vl 0^!!/ 0 PaiFS [Or $1.00 I \S $ I'ink. blue, gray Only to be n n - ijj_ fl ai/ii.-u m fl9 ft . n flnp » tct.-v . The kind that will not scratch
QSgf^ tight fitting lining. In red. T f ! , , i^ " • -^ V had here at thls loW P r i-° r OF TlYC U L10CK lea Or fanC) fiQIL or pull your hair.. ..5 for IOC
blue and black. Th« store lDSlBaU 01 OUC d rdlF. " oC LADIES' APRONS, made of India , t 0 R r an » B
that saves you money. Price.. ..Sl.OO LADIES' HOSE made of Paris liMe i«T«J™ t««- ji rt« V«™ Pmniwi Hnen. In the circular cut, finished with fll Ld tcIllS.
W™ rpwn^n ? r 'A * HV)x opmwork lace ? effwt. fu°i f finish, fit Lady Jean, the KeW EmpirQ & a hemstitched ruffle all around, with NECK or WATCH CHAIN, made of
1W0 lninfiS tO lOnSlder m Ma&inR a black and perfect in every detail. Our P,'«/11« Pn.cnr ~?< long and wlde strln S 3 - Trice 25c three bralded'stranda of highly polished
n n ..i,».. . P rlce •••••3 for SI. OO UUUlB tOtbCl. $,*£$ „ m . beads. 43 inches long. In black or white.
• P ™ aS 6' n rAm a . Am U ¦ ? . Boned with alumlnold bon- OW Be On Tim6 . j^ Jou will appreciate the low price when
FIRST-THE GOODS. FrOHl Our OWn FaCtOneS. Ing. which is unbreakable; jm\ For these CHILD'S KNITTED JV >ou see these at ...2oC
<»FrONn_THF PRfCF . • ' LADIES' WHITE SKIRTS mi/lp nt lace trimmed, top and bottom; IJM * WAISTS, made of steam /lUX "FAWUF^"
I JLo5!? - r • Neir York Mills muslin fini'she^d tuh in pink, blue, white and black. J/. shrunk yarn, jersey knit, taped /jMA fUWfli.0 «
§• FOGEL & POSNER sample cambric flounce hemmed and flnUhed Mo ndfl y and Tuesday speciaj.. 4$/S seams to add to the strength. LiWi]) T Q * hfl w-r,,. n f thn Mnct p OT f 0P t
- line of SHIRT WAISTS.. They with ac l u °t"r of tucks Price -uu. • 45c washable buttons; all sizes.... yffty IS Ifl8 flafflB 01 1118 JuOSl mieCl
favored us and gave us their W1[n a clU5lPr OI iucks. i-nce .... 0 0e o*- n {-«i.* !?-„».? 12c each 'I I \\ VUtiiui Fntflich flrtiTflP Ua/la
sample line at 65 cents or. the a JrtvPrticlntf PlnrV Wnito* Hrriw f^ The L. S. StraigM-FrOnt A ' C Htting bngllSO WOYeS Hade, k
dollar. Very chic. Fit^and lin- UW AaYertlSlDg UOCK bUlKeS Offly W fnPCPt IOC Mead Of 25C SUEDE LISLE, patent two . cla*p*.
Ish second tO none. Made Of TJUlinn Tf Uof. OnrrntUn^ ?« C-_ • >V.> tOlOCl. lUSlCaU Ul UUU -tftrhprl hnolc In er»v« totw nl»r> h" ofr
I t P£ r fn de , S # e r^ ante M «D6n It HaS SOmetWng tO Say. curved' cut and hand LADIES AND GENTS' PURSES.
l taffetas in ,black . Pjnk, blue and QS2a -- fflB az3 And when it strikes it Gh™JK\ gored, double rust proof made of extra strong and soft skin, pat- so ln prIco -- c
white. Hemstitched, tucked, f^mAj**™""" must str u,p Heht nr S^ 4 Klde steels- carters of fan- e "t steel frame with patent clasp. In • .
openwork. fagoting, etc. 1& ' win be wonh nothing to WM"& cv flfled leia%c -with but- black, tan and brown. You will appre- .. COTnfOft flTlf! ffPSlth 111 TllP^a
K£2 aWe C0Uar3 "^ ' •"'¦¦ yo^or^us^Herf s fcJ^flf attached. Tour elate the good value when you see them tOffllOT^aJlU nedU^UI lfle^.
sleeves. - . some very stylish neck- 4kf'\ '•* money's worth or your at tms low price lOc each >*-V— A . jHvi *
$5.00 quality sample, price. *3.7« wear at low price stjnshneck J»^,J Sonlv back Corset and • \ 1 m^ de « of , K* Ied J?K lsy an "
& SSSig'SSgl' SS^SB^8 ¦ A N ? SvEkcOI.I.AR. made on SlSS^uSSrter ...,....5Oc MO re Than an EYen EXChange fOr \?«L Sb^^Souncr^fh
An P d e et P cy 1Ce :-"^- 00 pi^^^^i^M^^ Sale O-rarren-Street YOUT Money. 1^^^^^%^
TlrtdllJf nnt (Inr Wach'Vflik blue. Price-cutter's way of selling. lOc Corsets Fitted Free by £xperts. LADIES' HANDKERCHIEFS, made 5Oc
UUMUg UUl UUr HdbU ICllb. u..,H, 1 ,Vm,».«Mi, 1 .e.*.i n i Fitting Rooms on the Mam F/oor. of good heavy lawn, full size, hem- „. w 4 n .„ - . -. .
Madeof flhe M-ashable bobinet. em- M0r6 NeC&WeaT at tlie Same LOW PriCe. Agent for the Celebrated La Vida Corset, stitched. 2c each WDV HOt PreYdlt YOIir COrSet SteelS
• broldered scalloped edge, some dotted ALICENA COLLAR and TURN TAB. 1 GENTS' HANDKERCHIEFS, made of • v _ p . .
others plain. Price... Oc each made of India silk and trimmed with m , - ., m .,•»„.„„ n „ extra heavy lawn full size, hemstitched rrOIll DreaAlIlg .
• "WhTr on* WhnmfftPn » °P,! n t. T 10 ?- -i her^bone and tailor CO d Weather Will SOOn BO Here reaJ y for use - Now 5c each When you can do it for a very little
WDV anil WliereiOre. stitched bands. Chic and mannish. . , .„ , , -,¦.'¦ „ -., .. n ,, money like thld'
Dotfn,. P.n»« Mnn^on «nTr.f V«n. PrlCe 25c " thtse LAD E^ SHIRT JK NO RhenmatlSm Or COldS They can be attached to any corset.
Better Be Here Monday and Get Your - A . t , A D . n . Anft .. Vnn . &\ waists' shirt _ _ w Th H eai worth 25 cents; a lucky purchase
fhnir/ • Two for the Price of One if You Are w& Sot-buy them wwie the " « Je^rf^JSrS^. enables U3 to 8Cl1 them for 1Oc
lC< fini'Mr d%L assortment Is complete? Mado fJ\ fiffi//&S LADIES' FLAN.NKLETTB txt, . nthoi»C InT7orti"o Vnn'll TinH Wa
A Lucky Purchase Enab/es Us to S'fl 25c . ' " U1CKl OTtA of all wool imported French tMW# GOWNS, made of heavy MM UllierS AQVerth8 YOU 1J rlEQ W6
ffLUCK/rurcnasecnaoiesustoi>en^C . y. K CUSHIONS filled MM\ flannel, large, full pleats, tailor 1 striped flannelette douhle c.n f n . ]<,»„
f and 35c Ribbons for 15c. J^f J> wUh XXX silk floss V»fcW' stitched; detachable collar, in rf|Hft&4 back, trimmed with feather- OCll IOr leSS
ALL SILK TAFFETA $£***<_ sanitary kind' r]/ gray. red. also, black f JT|f| braid; in pink .and ladjeS* PETTICOATS, made of im-
RIBBON. high luster. , -^S^m^r^> ' strong cambric coy! : ' // The small store with the smaU V,lf blue striped effect. Price-; ported fast black sateen, trimmed with
t fancy corded edge, satin -.->~*=2i4r ered- ¦ full . weight u ¦ price S I . i .» : OUL a 12-inch flounce and finished with 4
dotted effect; 1 washable. )^_J^~J^^S (not' the skimpy i' ¦ rows tajlor stitched braid; also dust ruf-
In pink, blue, ' cardinal. t <rn 'im*mr -..'kind).- ... . _ -^ -— irk/\^r-nir^r-ir<k^V THF DPIPF PI ITTFR fle - Our price 73 C
LTd on a^ 2^rV\ n ou ISMJow:::::::: *58SSi& JOE ROSENBERG PR'CE-GUTTtK gcgQts
-are not in need of any 20x20 now ...... 2i)c apiece :- v -^. Bl ™ . ¦ *™ ' ™ "^ "™" " m '-¦•%" -'• T,«^en DOTt , tT1B
yl b u b0 t n o 3 i^hemlSdeTt %l% ZZ B Ili^ %£ll ' 816 Market Street II OTarrdl Street. e^SS^Sd^lSbi^ffif »"!"&
, this price ...15c m^g^^^lggsWS.^K . MAIL OBDEBS SOLICITED. stead of 20c. our price 8cL»ATE9T CONTRIVANCE FOR RAP
ID AND CONVENIENT HAND
LING OF GREAT WEIGHTS.
Special Information supplied "daily to
business houses ' and public men by • tha
Press Clipping Bureau (Alien's), 230 Call*
Xorala street. Telephone Main 1012. -•¦
The Federal cVmrts have decided that in an attempt to smuggle there is no offense against the
laws. This decision is of a parity with that of the State courts which make the carrying of knockout
drops no crime. The only criminality involved in either affair is in being caught. Accidents not mo
tives therefore determine offenders against our peace, \-' - . -
Townsend'S; California place fruits- and
candles, 60c a pound. In artistlo flre
etcbed boxes. A nice present for Eastern
friends. 715 Market st.. above Call bids. *
An investigation, designed to interrupt and if possible suspend the Oriental slave trade,- is* now
in progress under Federal direction in Honolulu. This terrible traffic has reached such prpportions and
is so firmly established! atUhis port that the Government probably, considers that an inquiry, certainly
could shed no light the public has not seen on the subject and probably could not effect any remedy.
There are some signs, not particularly encouraging, that the bantam republics of Central America
intend to make an effort to reduce themselves to a condition of peace among themselves with- perhaps
an exhibition of common decency to those who have relations with them. The accomplishment of this
purpose would be perhaps the greatest revolution which the world would be called upon to record in
Central America.
The decision of the Supreme Court, suspending final decrees in divorce until a year after inter
locutory decrees have been obtained, has reduced overmarried couples to an ambiguous condition where
they cannot tell if they are married or single, or neither. While this is all unquestionably very distress
ing to those concerned, it will have the effect of lifting a very heavy burden from the divorce courts,
whose daily grist is shame and scandal.
The missionary does not expect to soon see Gondar again. Perhaps the world would be better
off if the rule of Menelik were applied generally and no country sent missionaries abroad until all the
needed work is done at home. - "
T^ HE missionary societies may learp something from Menelik, King of Abyssinia and Emperor
of Ethiopia. A German missionary has just returned to Berlin from that country and ha's re
ported to the society that sent him. He was taken before Menelik, who asked why he had jour
neyed from Berlin to Gondar. The missionary answered that he had come to convert the Jews
of Abyssinia. "Are there no Jews in your country ?" asked the King. The missionary admitted that
there were many. "And in the countries that you passed, through did you find no Jews nor heathen?"
asked the Socratic monarch. ' The missionary confessed that Jews and heathen were fairly abundant all
the way. Turning to his guards, the Ethiopian Solomon said: "Carry this good man beyond the fron
tier, and let him not return until he has converted all the Jews and heathen which lie between his coun
try and mine." . . , .-. .
the *wts:do:m: of Ethiopia.
Ladles of a Danish, dub Creata
Iiaughtex In Clerverly "Writ
ten Play.
The Danish Ladles' Relief Society rave
a dramatic entertainment last evening In
Turn Ver«in Hall on Turk street.
'The programme consisted of a mono
logue by by Mlsa Ellen Bentzru. cornet
solo by Nick Brown and a play, entitled
"Af Asken Ogr I Ilden." enacted by F.
C. Hamemrich. Mrs. P. Paulaen, Miss
Ellen Bentzru, J. E. Bogglld, Carl Dahl
gren and W. C. Hansen.
The play was written for th» occasion
by one of the ladles of the society and
was full of wit and humor.
The entertainment was well attended
and the proceeds aro to b« added to th«
relief society's fund.
A dance was given after the dramatic
part of the evening and light refresh
ments were served.
Thomas Lowry of Merriam. Kansas,
claims the medal for shucking .153 bushels
of corn in nine hours. He Is also th«
champion apple picker of that section.
: ¦ •
WITHIN the last six months there have been thirty murders of women by rejected
and importunate suitors. Two have occurred in this city. In all of these cases the reports
say that the man has pressed his distasteful and unwelcome stiit by threats to kill, if he be
rejected. The Call has" of tenj;alled attention to the unprotected condition of women in
such trying circumstances. The erotic lunatic cannot be proved insane.' If arrested and bound over
to keep the peace his bond is no restraint. Juries say.it is no crime to court a woman and the subject is
treated with unbecoming lightness and levity, but the slaughter goes on. If the young women who were
recently murdered in this city had only understood that the frequent threats made by the men who pur
sued and annoyed them meant that they were in real peril of their lives, and had maje relatives with
the right to protect them, such relatives should have been confided in. The appearance in such an
affair of a man with authority to protect the imperiled woman should mean always that he will punish
to the death, if needbe, the cowardly fool who threatens a woman in that way. / r
The law has an office in the matter, for which it should be equipped by legislation. The threat
to kill a woman for rejecting a man's suit should be made a felony and should be punished with a long
term of imprisonment. Perhaps it would be well to precede the imprisonment with a public whipping
in the jailyard. It is a high demand of civilization that the women of a country be protected. Next to
lynching, these murders of women by lust-crazed fools is the greatest of evils now apparent in this coun
try. It is a crime that seems to respond to the incitement furnished by the yellow press in its lickerish
exploitation of erotic sensations. It is yearly on the increase and is a real evil that decent men should
thoughtfully recognize and seek to remedy and prevent by law.
Unless this is done, the only recourse will be in the hands of such male relatives as can be ap
pealed to, and if they go to extremes they must trust to the common sense of juries for vindication.
This is a state of things that should be avoided if possible, and the only way to avoid it is by the seven
ties of the law.
EROTIC MURDERS OF WOMAN
IJC Burop* large Interest has been taken
of late years la cranes for heavy
dockyard work, and while electric
motors have been applied in many
cases and have been found to be
economical in operation for the very
heavy work preference Is still given to
the Eteam, crane.
A powerful LX>-ton steam derrick crane
recently erected at the wharf of Blohm
& Voss. Hamburg, Germany, has aroused
much Interest in shipping and naval cir
cles on account of the facility with which
It can be operated in placing great and
cumbersome weights.
The picture, taken from the Scientific
American, shows the crane In the process
of mounting a heavy gun in one of the
turrets of the Kaiser Karl der Grosse,
which feat was performea with ease In
a remarkably short time.
Its maximum lift Is 145 feet. Speed with
150-ton load. 6 feet per minute, with 10-ton
load, 40 feet per minute.
This type of crane has many distinct
advantages over the hammer cranes, with
horizontal Jib, and Jt is especially suitable
for wharves where a full revolution of
the crane of 2C0 decrees Is not required,
or is. In conseauence of local conditions,
tmjxjsslble. Little space Is taken up by
the three-legged frame and traffic on the
dock Is not disturbed or impeded In the
least, while even locomotive cranes with
large Jibs may pass under the principal
ley of the crane -without difficulty when
they are required for auxiliary service.-
One of the advantages of this crane lies
In the fact that it Is provided with an
•djustable Jib. whereby the height of the
•kip to be served is of no consequence,
K£ the masts are easily avoided, and any
pert of the ship betwe«i the masts may
2>e reached. The crane is much lighter
because of the absence of a counter
mwight, and the great height of the pul
ltjr«—45.25 meters with the Jib drawn In—
renders It possible to reach the highest
¦parts of the ships, even if they 'lie In
the dock.
"When this crane is operated with a load
of 150 tons, and at the highest projection
of Jib of twenty meters, the speed is 1.3
meters per minute: but with a load of
eeventy-flx-e tons and the came projec
tion the rate Is Increased to 2.6 meters
per minute, or double the speed under
full load. When the Email hook is used
with a load of thirty tens, the highest
projection being 22.5 meters, the rate of
operation Is six meters per minute, and
double this Fpeed, or twelve meters per
RELIEF SOCIETY GIVES
DEAMATtC ENTERTAINMENT
Consequently the proofs underwent con
siderable revision. These revised proofs,
in turn, were subjected to further altera
tion at the suggestion of certain relatives
and frlenda of Mr. Gladstone, who read
the chapters before they .were finally
passed for the press.
In order to carry out th« work under
the most favorable conditions, Mr. Morley
rented the "Red House," at Hawarden.
on several occasions.
and handed It to his assistants to copy.
It was not that Mr. Morley at any time
during tho compilation of tho work took
any rest. From beginning to end he
never relaxed his work, even when the
book was in the hands of- the printers,
for much new light was thrown on cer
tain phases of Mr. Gladstone's career by
matter which came to hand late. .
These experiments with liquid hydrogen
have led to the curious discovery that
freshly prepared salt or solution of ra
dium has a comparatively feeble power
of giving off heat at all temperatures, but
the power steadily Increases for about a
month, when it reaches its maximum ac
tivity, which it then maintains apparently
indefinitely. These remarkable results
have failed to throw any light upon the
process whereby radium maintains a con
stant emission of heat radio-activity.
Edward D. Adams has presented to
the New York Natural History Mu
seum a tube of radium of 800,000 power.
This was secured through Dr. George F.
Kunz, the gem expert of Tiffany's, where,
as well as at the museum, some most In
teresting experiments have been made on
precious stones and crystals. Including tho
new Wunzite. Working In experiments
together. Dr. Kunz and Dr. Charles Bas.
kervllle of the University of North Caro
lina believe they have made a valuable
discovery In connection with a trtllemlte.
By mixing radium with natural ¦willemlte,
pulverized to a powder, ; the % activity or
power of the former substance Is multi
plied a hundredfold, and probably — for no
Instrument has been devised for measur
ing the increase of the activity— a thou
sandfold. That at least is the temporary
effect of the mixing of the two sub
stances. Time must tell whether one will
nullify the other. Willemlte is a compar
atively cheap silicate of zinc. It Is possi
ble, also, that there is In wlllemite a sub
stance which Is as yet unrecognized as a
distinct element, but which produces the
radio-activity that has awakened the en
thusiasm of the two experimenters. But
thus far it is taken for granted that the
one substance merely stimulates the.ac
tivity of the other. The germ of a very
valuable discovery seems to lie here. Mr.
Adams has now supplemented- his pre
vious generosity by authorizing Dr. Kunz
to secure some radium of not less than
1.800,000 activity, which will probably b9
placed at the disposal of some of the
hospital authorities for experiments on
the alleviation or cure of disease.
Professor Curie has communicated to
the French Physical Society still another
remarkable property of radium. But a
few months ago scientific men shook their
heads when it was proclaimed that the
new Eubstance possessed the property of
maintaining a temperature higher than
that of the surrounding atmosphere. Pro
fessor Curie now announces the amazing
fact that the change in the rate of heat
emission of radium within the compara
tively short distance of absolute zero is
exactly In the opposite direction to what
might be expected in view of the effect of
low temperatures on ordinary chemical
action, for at the temperature of liquid
hydrogen the heat emission of radium,
instead of being reduced, is augmented.
In simple language, the substance which
does not change Its heat at all tempera
tures from that of an ordinary room to
that of liquid air gives out a greater heat
when subjected to the greatest cold that
scientists have yet reached.
That the light given out by radium
when phosphorescent is practically Iden
tical with that radiated by the rare gas
helium seems to be proved by recent spec
troscopic observations of Sir William
Huggins, reported in the London Times.
This paper goes on to say: "It will be re
membered that la?<t year Professor Ruth
erford produced striking evidence- for the
view that in the slow break-up of radium
that Is concomitant with its radio-activity
the Inert gas helium Is one of the pro
ducts formed. Recently Sir W. Ramsay
and F. Soddy have succeeded in detecting
helium by the" spectroscope in the gases
extracted from a radium salt. If, as the
present observations indicate, the radium
salt shines spontaneously in the dark
largely *by light belonging to the different
element helium, another important step is
gained In elucidating the nature of the
Instability of such chemical elements of
high atomic weight and the radio-activity
associated with it."
The crane is worked by two double
cylinder steam cngrnes, ono of which
drives tho gear for lifting, the other
transmitting the power for slewing, and
altering the radius of the jib. The energy
produced by slewing is mostly consumed
by a friction clutch built Into the shaft
of the revolving gear, which excludes any
compression on the frame or the driving
gear. The crane is lighted by an electric
arc light mounted on the top of the
frame, as Mill be noted in the Illustration.
minute. Is attained with a load of te:
tons.
FAMOUS COMPOSER "V7HOSB
LIFE STORY IS BEING WRIT
TEN BY RELATIVES.
Then. In addition to these, people sent
from all parts of the world a mass of
correspondence in answer to the adver
tisements asking for assistance from
those who. at one time or another, had
received letters from the great statesman.
These amounted to something like 150,000,
every one of which had to be examined
by Mr. Morley himself. Whenever he
found something essential he marked It
Those who wondered at the long delay
and freauent postponements of the pub
lication- 6f John Morley's "Life of Glad
stone" will cease to wonder now, when
they learn of the tremendous labor the
Author had with his three volume work.
"To begin with, Mr. Morley had about
50,000 documents, more or less t of historic
value in Mr. Gladstone's collection at Ha
warden to draw upon.
It may be interesting to know' that the
authoress was born in Jamaica, educated
in. London., and introduced to the public
through the medium of Sir John Leng's
popular weekly, the People's Friend. But
It was not till her father died that she
took up literature seriously. Her hus
band is Eugene Lee Hamilton, whose
poems appeared recently in the Canter
bury series, and who has written that
remarkable historical novel, "The Lord
of the Dark Red Star." Mr. and |frs. Lee
Hamilton live at Florence, in a charming
old villa on the slopes of Flesole.
Automobiles have become so popular
that it is surprising 1 they have not been
utilized by authors as prominent features
in their stories more than has been the
case up to the present. There is one
automobile novel coming out. It Is called
"The Motor Pirate," and is written by
G. Sidney Paternoster and published by
Messrs. Chatto & Windus. .
Mrs. Lee Hamilton, known to readers
as Annie E. Holdsworth, authoress of the
very successful books "Joanna Trail.
Spinster," and "The Gods Arrive," has
another work ready, which, I believe, will
be published serially before , It receives
book form. It is to be called "The Tri
umph of Love." ¦ ,,;| ¦
. The other biography, which will be pub
lished in a few weeks, comes In the na
ture of a surprise. It Is from the pen
of Sir Arthur Sullivan's cousin, B. "W.
Findon, better known as a dramatic critic
than as an author. It will deal with Sul
livan's works as well as with his life/
Sullivan family. On© biography
which ought to be interesting Is being
prepared under the direction of Sir Ar
thur Sullivan's son Bertie, who is super
vising the selection of suitable matter
from the dead composer's private letters
and diaries, which are full of references
to both the British and German royal
families.
LONDON, Oct. 17.— Two biogra
phers aro busy on the Ufa of Sir
Arthur Sullivan, both by sanction
of or under the direction of the
ALREADY it is apparent that the recent incidents in Wall street, arising in overcapitalization of
trusts and the manipulation of their stocks, will cause an expansion of the law to cover and
prevent such pseudo financiering/ Taking the International. Mercantile Marine as an ex
ample, it was capitalized with $60,000,000 of common and $60,000,000 of preferred stock and
$75,000,000 of 454 per cent bonds. The squeezing and liquidating process of the last two months
has pressed this mass of paper down to its true value. The common stock is selling at 3^, the pre
ferred at 14 and the bonds at 30. This means that the whole capital of $1*95)000,000 is proved to be
worth, at market prices, $33,000,000. Those who saw a vision of appalling dimensions in the bloated
capital of the trusts did not take into account what was sure to happen in the shrinkage to natural and
right measures. V ;
What is needed is legal restriction that will, in the future, prevent any but the natural measure
of value being attached to such enterprises. President Roosevelt has from the beginning insisted upon
such publicity as will protect the public from investing in anything that has a false and unnatural meas
ure of capital. The public, against all prudence and all warning, has heretofore invested in these enter
prises at the valuation fixed by their promoters, as if they were run by wizards, who by some super
natural process could make something out of nothing. As people will continue to follow the illusions
of hope, it is proper that the law protect them against the glamour of self-deception. Those who have
despaired of the expansive force of the law might have reinforced their foresight by taking a back sight.
Every human relation is subject to abuse and misuse. The dearest and most intimate relation
is that of the family. But to prevent its abuse the regulation of law was necessary, and we have the law
of domestic relations, of husband and wife, parent and child, master and servant. Business was once a
partnership activity, before joint stock companies and corporations, and, to safeguard it, legal principles
were expanded in the law of partnership. When the corporation appeared the evifs of its physical im
mortality, by reason of its perpetual succession, were regarded as so formidable as to threaten the over
throw of society. But concurrently with the development of the corporation arose that great body of
corporation law, by which* the power of co-operation was preserved for every useful purpose, while its
agency for evil was restricted, limited and finally destroyed.
So it is destined to be with this new system of incorporated corporations, called trusts. If they
survive at all it must be under an expansion of the law that restrains them from the beginning of their
existence to the last and least of their operations. If, under such protective and restrictive law, they
have a useful office in the busy world, they* will survive and fill it efficiently, as the partnership and the
corporation did. If they cannot do this it will only prove that the law, which furnishes a remedy for
every wrong, has found their existence to be inconsistent with the interests of mankind.
Every great advance in business, and every extension of the vast operations of trade, and every
period in which the common prosperity is greatly enhanced carries also a myriad of devices to unduly
appropriate to a few the gains of the many. In one period these devices take one form, and in an
other they appear in different shape. But no matter how protean their character, their object is the
same, and the great principles of the law need to be constantly invoked to curb their cupidity, which is
their permanent object never lost sight of through all the forms in which they appear. So far the world
has been protected against them by invoking the law, and the better condition of the mass of the people
in nearly all of the modern nations, the rise of each generation of the common man to common use as
comforts of those things which were the luxuries of the few in generations past, testify to the expansive
and protective capacities of the law in so high a degree as to inspire all men with profound respect for
that science of human life, which progressively protects every man in the enjoyment of his own.
EXPANSIVE FORCE OF LA.^TV".
THE SAN FBANCISCO OAI1I1, SUNDAY, OCTOBER 18, 1903.
THE SAN fRANCISCO CALL.
JOHN D. SPKECKELS, Proprietor. . . ... .Address All Communications to JOHN HcNAUGHT/Hanager
SUNDAY.. ;... OCTOBER 18, 1903
Publication Office ..? <j^^^^> ...........* Third and Market Streets, S. P.
RIVAL BIOGRAPHIES
OF SIR ARTHUR SULLIVAN
SOON TO APPEAR.
HAMBURG HAS A CRANE
WHICH IS THE GIANT OF ALL
WEIGHT LIFTERS.
30
AXVEBTISE2IE28TS.
MAKE JUST ONE
MORE TRIAL.
27o Matter How Many Remedies Yon
Have Tried Here Is One That
Will Cure Your Files.
If rou ar* enfferlnr from tbe pain end toi^
ture of z>Uws »nd irant to be cured, ppend 50
cent* at tho Amztlst'u for one pack&ce of
Pyrair.ld Pile Cure and convince yourself be-
yond a doubt that It can be done. Th*re Is no
earthly doubt that this remedy will cure you
just as It has cured thousands and thousands
of others If you follow the directions and give
It a fair trial.
Tcu may have tried eo rnajiy remedies that
you feel that yours Is a hopeless case. You
may have become dlscouraeed and suffered bo
long that It is almost second nature to you. It
makrs no difference how serious your case 1h,
or how lon«r you have had It. you will be cured
Just the game.
Pyramid Pile Cure Is In the form of supposi-
tories, and reaching the seat of the trouble
gives Instant rell'f. It does away with the
torture of the knife and the humiliation of ex-
amination and operation by the physician. It
Is administered by the sufferer himself In' the
privacy of the home. There Is no record of Its
?ver failing to cure the most severe, aggra-
vated and Ions standing cases.
Mrs. R. T. C. Boytan, Marshall. Mississippi
write*: "I suffertd . awful torture for years
from piles. I used I'yramid Pile Cure and was
¦well in three days."
Amos Crocker of Worcester writes: "After
rolng throurh a frightful surgical operation
t.nd after try-ins any number of salves and
ointments, on« 60-cent box of Pyramid Pile
Cure cave epeedy relief and it quickly cured
me."
James Renton. Memphis. Tenn., ears: "I
suffered tbe torture of itchinfi* pllos for years
and not even mercurial ointment would relieve
me. One SO-cent box of Pyramid Pile Cure
cured me entirely."
Pyramid Pile Cure is for sale by all Anig-
Clets, cr will be sent upon receipt of price, 00
cents a package, by Pyramid Drug* Co., Mar-
shall. Mich.
Write for free booklet on th» nature, trtat-
mest aad care ot pile*. _,_ _,_„.'
ADVEBTISEiiENTS. ...'....'
bvj ill Sp3 }0 « t.i |4 Era /y
B|\ \ but music in the fullest sense of the term \ mjiji
T|yw!v\ Combine one with a Bchr Bros, or Baumeistcr Piano and //////ijwLONDON. Oct. 17.— With "The Duch
ess of Dantzic" at the Lyric Theater
George EdwardesHo-nlght made his first
experiment in comic opera^proper. The
piece, which is in three acts, is founded
on Sardou's "Mme. Sans Gene." The
lyrics are by Henry Hamilton and the
music by Ivan Caryll. Holbrook Blinn
bore off the honors of the evening as Na
poleon and was ably supported by Evie
Green as Sans Gene and Courtice Pounds
as the court milliner. King Edward at
tended the performance and the audience
cheered the play enthusiastically.
PARIS, Oct. 17.— The first performance
of a romantic drama, "Epave," by Gug
genheim and Lafaure, scored a success at
the Gymnase Theater here to-night. It
deals with the Restoration period, and
the climax, in the fourth act, is a duel be
tween two of Napoleon's officers on top
of a billiard table.
BERLIN, Oct 17.— Theodore Betram,
the barytone of the. Royal Opera, is under
contract to make a tour of the United
States. He will receive '$50,000 for a two
months' ' engagement.
"The Duchess of .Dantzic," With
Holbrook Blinn as Napoleon,
Is Successful.
EDWARDES' COMIC OPERA
WINS LONDON'S FAVOR
OAKLAND, Oct. 17.— The body of the
man who was killed Thursday night by a
Berkeley local near B-street station has
not been Identified. The Inquest will be
held October 20. at 7 p. m.
Body Still Unidentified.
RICHMOND, Oct. 17.— The town to-day
received its first supply of water from
the new .wells. The water is of good
quality and the supply abundant. The
Richmond Water Company gets the liquid
from a aeries of wells, the deepest of
which is 1100 feet.
Town Gets New Water Supply.
j OAKLAND, Oct. 17.— The annual fair of
St. Patrick's parish opened this evening
In the parish auditorium on Tenth street.
The opening address was delivered by
Father J. B. McNally, pastor of St. Pat
rick's Church. The booths, ten in num
ber, have been arranged to represent a
street In an Eastern bazaar, and many
attractive articles are offered for sale by
the young ladles of the parish.
The fair will continue until next Satur
day night and each booth will have an
afternoon or an evening set aside for Its
special benefit. An interesting programme
of eveHts has been arranged for each
afternoon and evening and It is expected
that the fair will prove a great success*
Booths at the West Oakland
Church.
Young Ladies Preside Over Pretty
ST. PATRICK'S ANNUAL
PARISH FAIR OPENED
Calendonian Club Nominations.
The annual nomination of officers of the
Caledonian Club was held in Scottish Hall
on Friday night. Those nominated for
the offices were as follows: Chief, A. M.
Macpherecn; first chieftain, Samuel Mc-
Gregor; second chieftain, F. F. Finlay;
third chieftain. James H. Duncan: fourth
chieftain, J. W. Cameron; club directors
—Neil Lindsay, Rod Chisholm. W. W.
Finlayson, J. B. Johnstone, R. McD.
Murray; Scottish Hall directors— A. M.
Macpherson, John E. MacFarlahe, James
Gorie, Charles A. McPhee, Richard Grat
ia; physician. Dr. J. A. J. McDonald.
NEW YORK. Oct. 17.— Robert Ree\-es of
Brooklyn was. ehot and killed by Charles C
Wentish to-day while trying, with two com
panions, to break into Wentish'a home in
Wocdhaven. L. I.
PARIS, Oct. 17.— Miss Moulton of the
American colony here has gained the rec
ord for the longest aeronautic fllzht by
a woman. In a balloon piloted by Count
Castillon de Saint Victor she covered the
distance between ¦ Paris and Breslau,
about 700 miles.
Seven Hundred Miles in Balloon.
CLEVELAND, Oct. 17.— Orders were
Issued to-day calling for a reduction of
the working hours in the car repair and
locomotive chops of the Lake Shore Rail
road from ten to nine hours per day, with
a corresponding reduction in pay. The
order will go i^o effect early next week.
The orders will effect all the large centers
of the Lake Shore and the Lake Erie and
Western roads.
Hours and Wages Reduced.
Mr. Tormey went to Portland the first
of the week on' business and was stricken
with paralysis Wednesday. He sank
gradually until death relieved, him of his
sufferings. Mrs. Tormey arrived i/i Port
land from San Francisco Friday morning.
The remains. will be brought to this city
for interment. Mr. Tormey was 5G years
of age. He leaves a wife, three daughters
and a son.
was very well known here.
He was vice president of the Owl Drug
Company and president of the Quaker
Drug Company of Seattle. Mr. Tormey
edited with excellent success for two or
three years a "whist" page in The Call
and was a prominent member, as well as
one of the organizers, of the San Fran
cisco Whist Club and the Trist Duplicate
Whist Club of this city and the Pacific
Coast Whist Association, which has en
rolled clubs all over the Pacific Coast.
Mr. Tormey served for years as direc
tor of the American Whist League, a na
tional organization, and was elected Ita
president in 1901, from which he retired
the following year.
He was instrumental In organizing a
local lodge of the Knights of Columbus,
of which he was a member, and the na
tional organizer came out here a year
ago solely on his recommendation.
Mr. Tormey for the last year took a
great interest in fly-casting, being a
prominent member of the Sun Francisco
Wv-castinK Club and having within a
few weeks taken several medals for high
clas work. While in the East a few
months ago he interested* Commissioner
Bean of the St. Louis World's Fair in fiy
casting and got a promise for a fly-cast
ing tournament at the exposition next
year. Mr. Tormey leaves a host of
friends, not only in this city, but all over
the United States.
r
WELL-KNOWN BUSINESS MAN
AND WHIST EXPERT WHO
DIED AT PORTLAND.
PJ. TORMEY of thla city, who
passed away Friday evening
at 7 o'clock in Portland. Or.,
® from a stroke of paralysis.
NEW YORK, Oct. 17.— Division No. 10
of the Brotherhood of Locomotive En
gineers, the members of which are em
ployed as motormen on the Interborough
Elevated Railroad, at a meeting to-night
decided to refuse to submit to the com
pany's physical examination every month.
It was the general opinion of the men
that a strike could not be averted now
unless the company modified its require
ments.
"L" Road Strike Seems Certain.
PITTSBURG, Oct. 17.— When the last
turn at the W. Dewees wood mill at Mc-
Keesport quit work to-day orders were
given to shut down portions of the plant
that will throw about 250 men out of em
ployment indefinitely, in addition to those
who have been out nearly all of the past
few months. Practically all the plant has
been closed, only a few of the depart
ments being still in operation. The cause
of the shut-down is said to be lack of or
ders in some departments, while in oth
ers repairs are being made.
McKeesport Mill Shuts Down.
One difficulty the express company has
to face at present is that the local "com
bination" man, who knows the combina
tions of incoming safes, is among the
strikers. The safes must remain locked
until an expert combination man is found.
ST. LOUIS. Oct. 17.— At the headquar
ters of the Brotherhood of Expressmen,
President F. E. Moody of Chjcago to
night said in effect that unless other ex
preES companies stopped handling 'ton
nage for the Pacific Express Company a
general strike would be ordered among
the employes of the different companies
who are members of the brotherhod.
Members of the brotherhood declare
themselves well satisfied with the prog
ress of the strike in St. Louis, which has
been augmented by employes in Missouri.
Arkansas, Louisiana, Kansas. Indian
Territory and Texas.
Officials of the Pacific Express Company
say that their business is not suffering to
any extent from' the strike. General Su
perintendent Gentsch Baid the company
was somewhat behind in getting express
matter out of St. Louis, but he was con
fident this would be overcome by the first
of next week.
From descriptions furnished by. Ede and
Walsh, tho police are led to believe that
the men are the same ones who were op
erating earlier in the night.
The pair slid over the side of the
tender and disappeared in a nearby
marsh. As soon* as the train arrived at
the Oakland station the police were no
tified. •
Shortly after midnight the engineer and
fireman of a special freight train were
held up at the West Berkeley stock yards
by two masked men, supposed to be the
same ones who robbed Kley's saloon ear
lier in the night. They boarded the tender
of the engine, climbed on to the cab and
at the point of revolvers held up Engineer
Robert Ede and Fireman John Walsh, se
curing the street clothes of both and $10
from Ede. They then jumped off the train
and disappeared In a marsh near by.
The freight was slowly pulling into the
West Berkeley stock yards when the
highwaymen boarded the tender. Their
presence was not noticed by either the
fireman or the engineer until they com
manded the trainmen to throw up .their
hands.
Both Walsh and Ede were taken en
tirely unawares and quickly obeyed the
command The desperadoes searched
both men carefully. They took $10 from
Ede, all the money he had. Walsh had
none, so the men decided to take his
street clothes which were lying in the
cab. As they were about to leave, they
noticed Ede's clothes and took them also.
Nusbaum was the only man who was
required to stand against the wall, and he
finally gave up the contents of the till,
amounting to some $30. . The sum of $9
was secured from Louis Davis, but the
other men had nothing. During the ex
citement the mask covering the face of
one of the men dropped sufficiently to
show that he was a young man with a
light mustache. Otherwise no description
of the robbers was secured.
A pair of desperate masked men com
mitted two daring hold-ups at the points
of revolvers last night. Early in the
evening- they entered the saloon of Chris
Kley at Tenth and Kirkham streets and
robbed the bartender and all the patrons
of the place, securing $50. While 'the po
lice were busy seeking clews to the des
perate pair they climbed on the engine
of a . special freight train as it was near-
Ing the stockyards at West Berkeley and
robbed Engineer Robert Ede of $10 and
his street clothes, and also took the wear-
Ing apparel of Fireman John Walsh.
At Kley's place the barkeeper and all
of the' occupants of the saloon were lined
up against the wall and the plac was
cleaned but. The men then made their
escape and those in the saloon say that
they are unable to identify the robbers.
Kley's saloon- is in the center of the res
idence district, away from the usual beats
of the policemen, and the location is fa
vorable for any attempt of this kind.
Fred Kusbaum, son-in-law of the pro
prietor of the place, was on duty to-night
shortly before 8 o'clock, when a man in
a black mask entered through a side door.
He had a revolver, which is described as
a "blue gun," and ordered everybody in
the saloon to throw up his hands. There
was an indication on the part of Nus
baum to flght, when another man with a
white mask and a "bright gun," made his
appearance at the front door and rein
forced the demand of the first man that
hands be thrown up.
There were three men in the saloon at
the time— Joe McCutcheon. Arthur Beau
champ ana Louis Davis. When they saw
the second man with the revolver appear
they decided that discretion was the bet
ter part of valor and they yielded to the
command.
Oakland Office San Francisco JJall,
1118 Broadway, Oct. 17.
Must Refuse to~Handle Ship
ments for Pacific
Thugs Secure Fifoy-Nine
Dollars and Make
Escape.
Barkeeper and Patrons
of Saloon Forced to
Yield Up.
Express Companies Are
Threatened by the
Brotherhood.
GENERAL STRIKE
MAY BE CALLED
MASKED ROBBERS
MAKE GOOD HAUL
PROMINENT MAN
DIES SUDDENLY
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, OCTOBER 18, 1903.
Turkey to Have Exhibit.
CONSTANTINOPLE, Oct. 17.— An Impe
rial irade issued to-day approves the par
ticipation of Turkey in the St. Louis Ex
position
31
ADVERTISEMENTS.
- t " i ~ ~~ — —
To Give Liquozone Away.
To let all people know Liquozone— liquid oxygen — we shall buy a 50c bottle and give it free to
every one who needs it. This offer appears in every great newspaper in America. The cost of 1
the offer, we expect, will reach $500,000. We pay that price to convince those who suffer from germ
troubles that Liquozone does kill germs. Will you— for your own sake— let us prove it to you?
Just Oxygen We Will Buy
No drugs— no Alcohol— in it. A 5Oc Bottle and Give it to You to Try
Liquozone is simply liquid oxveen; no drug of any kind is employed in it. If you need Liquozone. and have never tried it, please send us the coupon
It is the discovery of Pauli. the great German chemist, who spent 20 years in below. We will then mail vou an order on your druggist for a full-size bottle
learning how to liquefy oxveen. His object was to get such an excess of ox- and will pay your druggist ourselves for it. Thife is our free Rift, made to con-
ygen in staple form into the blood that no germ could live in any membrane vince you; to show you what Liquozone is and what it can do. ' To accept it
or tissue. . , - places you under no obligations whatever.
Liquozone does that. It charges the blood with a germicide so powerful tm • • \^ n u • , . ¦¦' '
and certain that we publish on every bottle an offer of $1000 for a disease germ • 7, hls 1S a , r . em , ar , kablc ? ffer - b » l !t se <; ms the best way-the right way-to
which it cannot kill quickly get this help to those who need it. All we could say about Liquozone
Oxygen, as you know, is the vital part of air. It is not only harmless. migh , t "^ c ° n \ mcc °" c m ten - jj B , ut n « sick one can refuse to test it when we
but the greatest of tonics— the very source of vitality— the most essential ele- ' p , ay T- the test o urselv , es - An <\ the very fact of the offer will convince vou
merit of life. In this liquid form its effects are exhilarating, vitalizing puri- * iat L ><l UO2o n e does what w e claim. We would certainly not pay for a bot-
fying. # But germs are vegetables: and an excess of oxygen— the very life of tle ' and glve !t aWay> S there was any doubt of results -
an animal— is deadly to vegetable matter. This offer is possible only because Liquozone never fails in a germ trouble
Liquozone goes wherever the blood goes; and as no germ can escape it. And those who use it tell others about it. In one city where Liquozone was
and none can resist it. the results are inevitable. A germ disease must end entirely unknown we sold 2800 bottles through giving one bottle to a hopeless
when the germs are destroyed: nothing is more certain than that. consumptive, and curing her. I
We Paid $100,000 Germ Diseases. Let Us Convince You
". For the American rights to Liquozone before we These are the known germ diseases. If you will send up this couoon we will send you a
made the first bottle. We first tested the product for Every trouble in this Hst is caused by in- book, explaining how Liquozone acts in your particu-
two years, through physicians and hospitals, in this side germs, and medicine cannot destroy lar trouble. We will send you overwhelming evidence
country and (others. YYe proved it in thousands of the them Medicine often aids Nature to over- from cured ones. And we will send you an order on
- tific discovery i those results are indirect and uncer- We do this because Liquozone is a product which
We ten you this fart because it best shows ' the ; ain " ke . v d , CDend on the Pint's condi- most of the sick must have. It doe^ what no skill can
• value of Liquozone. Claims are easily made: but men ll ° n - <\. nd there are some of these germs accomplish without it/3 Diseases which have resisted
don't pay $100,000 save for a product of vital import- w *"ch Nature, aided to the utmost, never medicine for years yield at once to it. And it cures
• ance to humanity. We have not staked our fortunes destroys. ¦ diseases which medicine never cured. We want you to
and reputations on Liquozone without knowine that it Liquozone kills all germs, wherever they know it.
<ioes what we claim. are, and the results are inevitable. It de- Won't you be as fair with yourself? If you need
And the making of Liquozone is very expensive. stroys the cause of the trouble invariably. this help, will you merely send us this coupon to learn
as compared with the cost of medicine. It takes 14 and the trouble then must end. In any what this. product is? If yoir don't need it, will you tell
days to ordure it. The making requires immense ap- stage of any disease in this list the results us a friend who does? There is no greater service that
ufr?n ri?v, P™. ce£S IS in cha . r Ke 0/ the , bcs t chem- are so certain that d t you can do a sick friend than to p i ace him in th
i^^SteS^^SSSt'te- 1 ?.^ tient who asks it an absolute guaranTee' to get Liquozone.
The value of Liquozone lies in this fact: It forms SffnS'SiSSr 1 " Li«"««one is sold in two sizes-soc and $,.
tne only way known — the only way one can conceive Bronchitis La Grippe -
of— to kill germs in the body without killing the tis- Blood Poison 1
sues, too Any drug that kills germs is a poison, and SKl' Troibi" 8 MaiYrJ^^iHn CUT OUT THIS COUPON
- fn^germs^ 611 intCrnally ' ""^ "** g^lP ffinV&^g&e.
m-ide germs £2S£15K!fn P^3n n l a blanka and 'mall it to the Liquid Ozone Co.. 221-223
abI?°Simn/ *}**.*?**** have been considered incur- gSSSigSSS; KunMT^ Kinzle st "' chlcag0 -
arjje. simply lor lack of a germ killer. All of them Catarrh— Cahcer Skin Diseases My disease ia
often continue in spite of the best medical treatment. '^ yBe I lte S y lPl a Jj2 iea - fcrofula-Syphllls ! have never trled Liquozone.' but if you will supply
That is because medicine is not for germ troubles: and SS^^T P 7 Throat Tr^uhi« es me a Wc b °ttle.free I will take it. PP<y -
any physician who relies on it doesn't know . what . Ec^ma-Eryslpelas ' TSbe^cuTo'sIs *
•/quozone does. He should, write us. Fevers— <Jall Stones Tumors— Ulcers
*d^?Srnil nO^/i° Pl '^^ th S be . St0hv8i< i ail8 x Gono^a^leet Wo'men'^Dlseases . / ,.......... -
KiiS ™f authorities as the only way to destroy fl^matlon-all catarrh-all contagious dis- 514
inside germs. Its value and necessity have been too eases-all the results of impure or poisoned Give Mil address-write plainly.
fell P r °ved to be questioned. No man who knows it blood. ¦ r J^~:~ ¦ .¦ -
01^ 1 • 'tj" 11 do more *? r sick humanity tbau In nervous debility Liquozone acts as a Any physician or hospital not yet using Liquozone' will
ail tnc drugs w ihf world combined. »*UJlzer, acconn>£shing what no drug can do. be gladly supplied for a test. '
ADVTSRTIS'rTfti jr. n xa.
Cloak and Suit Departments
ShCUiNU t-LUOR.
New Fall and Winter Styles in Ladies'
Suits, Goats and Costumes for street,
driving and evening wear in the latest
models and newest materials, also a
complete line of New Furs, including
Moleskins, Ermine, Fox, Mink, Persian
Lamb and, Squirrel.
Costumes and Dresses
of Voile and Etamine, black ouly, about 45
single models at the special price of
$45.00, $50.00 and $65.00.
Regularly from $75.00 to S95.00.
Long Coat Walking Suits
Strictly Tailor Made, equal to custom work,
extreme length, coat lined with best silk to match.
Regular price $40.00 and $45.00.
Special at $30.00. <
Ladies' Dress Skirts
of voile and etamine in blacks and blues, 8 and
9 gore, some with silk drop, trimmed with taffeta
and satin bands, braids, cords and buttons.
J Special at $20.00.
Tan Covert Jackets, custom tailored ....
" $18.50, $22.50, $25.00.
Fancy Velour Blouse Coats ' with fancy trimmings,
Special
$27.50, $30.00, $35.00.
Kersey and Broadcloth v Coats, silk lined, Special
-Vr. $18.50, $25.00, -$27.50. 1
Cravenette Ulsters, guaranteed waterproof . . .
1 $20.00, $25.00.
Automobiling Rain Coats and Traveling Coats, the
correct colors
at Attractive Prices.
Coats for evening and reception wear
$45;00, $50.00, $65.00, $75.00.
in White, Champagne, Kaiser Gray and Mauves.
[ . _ 1 I
New Importation of
Japanese Silk Sacques, Wrappers and Kimonas,
ii tmodeled for American ladies. Made expressly
1 TTT1 TT •
for the White House.
Embroidered Japanese Silk Sacques, all
shades, quilted and richly embroidered, *\!l
all sizes . . . ePlteJV
/ Cor.PostsKearny Sts.
MONDAYANDTUESDAYWEWILLSELL fT?^/T% 0 * . ->,
illiiilil crwnxir <^h SPHER0ID (Paiented) fa
SEWINU U\ Eye Classes V\J
Kit HI AfHINFK IV ° pcra GIasses V
C*W%* JuAlllllNCj I J Scientific T J
EVEIt OFFERED FOR f f InStrUITlCntS \ 1
$10, $15, $20 L> Kodaks - PhotoCoods H
New Home Sewing Mariiiiu Go. \$tma£gAn%&*i
1051 Market Street.
Jtamm- DIRECTORY
II^LlTtf 0F RESp ONSIBLE HOUSES.
W^htm rvw Catalogue and Price Lists Mallei
LU1 Lt-rT-Y on Application.
EVERY LIADEMRRANTED «*=« Aro sam mats -
****-» • '-"WTl'UJiruujruuu/ ..^ DAVCC * Trt Shipping Butcher* 104
i . — JAJ. DUI CO tt VV. Clay. Tel. Main 12M.
&CO.^S^^ lubricating oil*: lko.vard & ellis.
jfrS <^^ aa °'"**"" ***—*£y^Vm 41S Front «t.. S. F. Phone Main 171SJ.
£" ,.i ' pbintxho.
MISCELLANEOUS.
' PATTOSIEN'S
Christmas Idea!
Pattosien Co. has hit upon a novel plan of
saving; money for Christmas.
It will not only help you save, but insures
your getting something useful in the home,
from the mostJ reasonable and best Furni-
ture and Carpet House in the State.
You can almost guess when you see
the bank.
Here's the Proposition.
You know that Pattosien Co. runs a strictly
cash house of the highest standard. Many
people would like to get some of their
Christmas goods here, butthey haven't the
cash ready— they haven't saved enough to
get the piece they fancied, so they go
down to one of the installment houses and
pay about twice as much in the end.
Save It Now!
It's much easier to save now and buy
Christmas than to buy then and save
afterwards.
Come and get one of these oxidized metal
banks— with a dollar deposit— to be re-
funded when the bank is returned. Take !
it home and drop in your savings and by
Christmas time you'll have enough to get
something very nice — something that will
be appreciated. YouMl feel better to know
it's paid for in its real value and that you've
saved 40 per cent by purchasing from the
largest Furniture and Carpet House on the
Coast.
haveV return PATTllQIrN 1181 MIs ™°" " t8
it on Christmas. rHlBUOlLll UUl !gg^?*g3*
ifySuVe^" 16th and Mission Streets. J^lct. 111 yourWarrant for C. B. Maybee
R. E. Filcher. an attorney in the Mills
building, secured a warrant from Police
Judge Fritz yesterday for the arrest of
C. R. Mabee on a charge of obtaining
money by false pretenses. He alleges that
on September 13 Mabee represented to him
that he waa half owner of the American
Telephone Directory of Oakland and he
had sold a part of h's Interest to "John
Doe" of Oakland for $630. On these rep
resentations, which Filcher says were
false, he advanced Mabee $160.
¦ ? »
Casimir, who was chef of the lately
closed Maison Doree In Paris. Is airing
his mind about the Judgment of kings at
the dining table. He scoffs at Leopold of
Belgium, who ordered "soup and a slice
of beef," says Kin;: Edward took only the
simplest dishes and that only his Majesty
of Portugal knows how to eat.
King Edward perhaps wears as many
different types of necktie as any living
man. His predilection, however, is toward
ties that have been made from some spot
ted material, preferably dark with spots
of a light gray or white upon It.
Reduced rates on household goods to A from
Ui* East ft South, lie kin's. 11 Montgomery. *
B.F.StoIl. dentist: Haight & Masonic av.»
Of the 518,000.000.000 worth of commerce
done by all the nations of the world Great
Britain's share is 1S.C per cent, Germany's
10,1 per cent, and 9.7 per cent falls to the,
lot cf the United States.
Young Ladies' Institute No. 7 is mak
ing elaborate preparations for its enter
tainment to be given at Lyric Hall on
October 23. Besides dancing, there will be
a farce, which will be interspersed with
songs and specialties. . •
Will Give Farce and Dance.
Templar l^odge of the Independent Or
<Vr of Odd Fellows, which lodge was in
stituted in l£3, will celebrate its fiftieth
anniversary in royal stylo in Steinway
Hall on the evening of Thursday, October
12. The committee that has had this mat
ter in charjre has made arrangements for
a most pleasant evening for the members
ard the invited guest?.
Templar's Golden Anniversary.
Wedding cake bcx^s, wording stationery. Ed
v.ard S. Knowlf?, 24 Second St.; MsUn 598. •
Men's all-wool $3.50, $4 and $4.50 pants
for $2.55; latest patterns and perfect fit
ting: at Herman Leaser's, 915 Market
street, opposite Mason. •
Do Not Neglect This.
Loreley Circle >*o. 26, Companions of the
Forest of America, is arranging for a so
cial and prize waltz to be given In the as
sembly hall of the Alcazar building on the
evening of Friday. October 23. This is a
Carman iTrcle, and the members are well
known in Forestie circles as first-class cn-
UTtainers.
Loreley's Prize Waltz.
A number of petty thefts were reported
to the police yesterday. B. Asber, 1105%
Alabama street, had his front door forced
open and two clocks stolen; Joseph Wolf's
stable was entered^ by means of a false
key and a buggy robe was stolen: Arlie
Beecher, 502 I^arkin street, and R. Me-
Pherson, 234 Bartlett street, had their
bicycles stolen: C. J. Harrigan's store at
116." Folsom street was entered during his
absence for five minutes and a box of to
bacco was stolen.
Petty Thefts Beported.
Auditor Harry Baehr yesterday filed
with Mayor Schmitz his annual report of
the financial operations of the city gov
ernment for the fiscal year ending June
30, 1903. Accompanying the report was the
following communication:
SAN FRANCISCO. Oct. IT. 1903.
Hon. E. E. Schmitz, Mayor City and County
of San Francisco — Dear Sir: I have the honor
to submit for your consideration my second
annual report, as provided for In article XVI,
ttection i>, of the charter, containing a full de
scription of the operations of the financial de
partment under my supervision for the fiscal
year ending June 30. 1903.
During the year I have personally inspected
and taken receipts for over 75,000 demands on
the treasury. These claims necessitated an
enormous amount of clerical work since they
have to "be credited to the proper appropria
tions, and It Is with Dleasure I note the ex
penditures were strictly within the amount
provided for in the budget. I have also inves
tigated each and every ordinance, bill and
resolution demanding my attention to the re
ceipt and dinbursement of the finances of the
I municipality and have given them the proper
consideration. j; ••'•,•¦ ~1
r It i<< very gratifying to state that before
another year expires the bonded indebtedness
of the park improvement bonds of 1874-i5 win
be fully paid up, leaving the city practically
without debt. In the past thirty years the tax.
payers have wiped out of existence an enor
mous debt, viz.: the park improvement bonds
of 1871-2 and 1874-5, City Hall construction
bonds, Dupont-street widening bonds, Mont
gomery-avenue bonds and the House of Correc-
U( In the following report I have
taken (treat pains In perfecting a comprehen
sive statement of the financial condition of the
several departments, boards and commissions
and a personal resume of the transaction* of
e *A 1 tte < ntion e u n respectfuIly called to the "Re
capitulation of Demands Audited." since It
will enable you to distinguish at a glance the
general distribution of the revenue* of the dif
ferent funds. I have segregated the several
accounts and in classified form shown the
amount of the specific appropriations allowed
by the Hoard of Supervisors, the amount au
dited Tor salaries, wages, supplies, material
furnished, etc., together with the total amount
of each. Very respectfully.
HARRY BAEHR. Auditor.
The report shows the following sum
mary of demands audited:
General fund, salary
register $2,IK)7.©00 47
General fund, miscel
laneous register .... 1,291,389 IS
General fund, public
works reclster 732,604 4S
Total general fund $4 '£q'£2 H
Sundry funds t SS'S? £
School fund 1.34J.017 33
Total amount audited $6,524,201 95
The sum of 53,633,920 99 was expended
for salaries; for wages. $600,178 16, and for
materials, supplies, contracts, etc., $2,288,
102 80. t J. '
Unfinished contracts of previous years
were audited in the aggregate sum of
$169,950 31.
The balance on hand in the city treas
ury on July 1. 1903. was $2,319,029 44. The
sum of $9,567,625 12 was received for taxes
and from other sources, of which $1,911.
493 64 went to the State. The sum of $473,
961 50 was taken in for licenses. The pay
ments by the City Treasurer aggregated
$9,093,175 01. _'
Kasts" Creditors
Are now disposing of the immense stock
of shoes at the present location, 104-110
Geary street, in order to realize as large
a percentage as possible of the Indebted
ness. By this mode they hope to pay
about 40 per cent on their claims. The
Board of Trade has made an estimate and
reports the value of the stock to be about
$.53,000 ; • . •
Baeh* Furnishes Figures
on City's Financial ,
Condition.
AUDITOR FILES
ANNUAL REPORT
Chauncey Dppew stated at a large pub
lic meeting, "The young man who grad
uates from college (literary) and who en
ters business without going through a
business school is enormously hampered
in his progress in life."
In other words, the average graduate
of Yale. Harvard or Cornell needs a. busi
ness education as much as the high school
graduate.
Practical education is a necessity. Lack
of businrss training is not only responsi
ble for numerous business failures, but
is the true solution of the problem of
¦rfajr so many young men are out of em
ployment. There is no lack of work for
th^ properly equipped man or woman.
Heald's Business College cannot half
meet the demand for its graduates.
Chauncey M. Depew
M. Simlnoff, proprietor of the Pacific
Cloak and Suit House and president of
the Golden Gate Cloak and Suit Com
pany, leaves for New York to-morrow at
10 o'clock. The union, by Its demand of
closing Saturdays at 4 o'clock, has com
pelled Mr. Siminoff to the step of closing
his manufactory here, which employs 310
people with a pay roll for labor alone of
$150,000 a year. He will establish a fac
tory in New York, where the goods for
his retail stores will hereafter be made.
The sign of To Let is already displayed
on his quarters at 1228 Market street.
Goes to New York.
yesterday's collision illustrated the help
lessness of the officers and crew to handle
a large and disordered crowd so that
even a few of them could take advan
tage of the limited life-saving apparatus.
Winter with Its storms and fogs is ap
proaching and as some of the ferry-boats
are said to lack even water-tight bulk
heads yesterday's collision gave the whole
great army of commuters the text for a
vigorous protest against the chances in
volved in a residence across the bay.
With the advent of an additional line of
ferry-boats these chances will be multi
plied and bay travel In foggy weather
promises to be more unpopular this win
ter than ever before.
James P. Massin, a broker residing in
San Francisco, filed a petition in insolv
ency yesterday in the United States Dis
trict Court. He owes $5406 and has no
assets.
Insolvent Broker.
Trapper's Oil cures rheumatism and nenmlstm.
DrUKlste. SOc flask. Richard & Co., 406 Clay. •
• • ' - -
Mamie Pierce, recently of 340 Stockton
street, died yesterday forenoon in the
Waldeck Sanatorium fr^m the effects of
a potion of bichloride of mercury swal
lowed by her last Tuesday night with
suicidal intent. She nad become despond
ent because or a quarrel with her lover.
The woman wait 21 years of age.
Dies of Poison.
ts, although badly, frightened and
"I was going ahead slowly, sounding my
fog whistle. I heard the whistle of the
Oakland and was* on the lookout for her.
Suddenly, however, she came 'out of the
fog, gave me two whistles and started
across mv bow. I. reversed -engines/ but
we only cot a few. turns out of- them
when the boats came together. Neither
boat ' was badly damaged and .the pas-
Captain Anderson of the Oakland had
little to say of the accident. He blamed
the fog and seemed to think that the
Newark was a long way out, of her
course. He heard the Newark's fog whis
tle, but was unaDle to locate her, and was
taken by surprise when she loomed up,
heading directly for him.
Captain Bradley of the Newark; who
has the reputation of being'»Ohe of the
most careful navigators on Q&.bay, was
equally brief, in his discussion of the af
fair. ,;i
The Newark escaped with the loss of
a Jackstaff and a few feet of rail and
the Oakland, although more seriously
damaged, was able to make a couple of
trips before she was laid off for repairs.
THE CAPTAINS' STORIES.
The Oakland fortunately had on board
comparatively ftw passengers, but on
the Newark were nearly a thousand men
and women bound for the 'shops and of
fices of the metropolis. The screams of
women mingled with the crashing of glass
and tearing apart of timbers. Women
added the disorganizing element* of hys
terics to the general confusion and strong
men fought with' each other for lifebelts
and convenient places in the vicinity of
the small boats. Above the confusion,
however, from the lusty lungs of the
officers came assurance of perfect safety,
and by the time the reversed engines suc
ceeded in tearing the boats apart a meas
ure of self-control had settled down over
the passengers of both boats.
Both boats were going ahead slowly and
both sounding fog whistles. Each pilot
heard the whistle of the other boat, but
the hills of Yerba Buena helped to dis
tort the sound and neither could locate
the other by the long, regular blasts
that came floating through -the white fog.
Suddenly the boats came within sight of
each other. Engines were stopped and
reversed, and when a collision was seen
to be inevitable skillful steering reduced
the force with which the big vessels came
together.
The Oakland, commanded by Captain
Charles J. Anderson, loomed up, heading
right across the bow of the Newark, of
which CaDtain Charles H. Bradley was
in charge. The wheels of both boats were
going full speed astern when the collision
took place, but the great weight of the
Newark carried her on with considerable
force. She struck the Oakland a little
aft of amidships. The Newark's blunt
nose forced its way under the Oakland's
guard and in the Impact the latter boat
was heeled over at an angle of terrifying
acuteness.
BOATS GOING SLOWLY.
It is customary during the prevalence
of foe as thick- as that which yesterday
blanketed the harbor to rearrange the
ferry schedule so that only one. boat is
away from the wharf at a time. This
Js for the purpose of preventing Just what
happened yesterday, as when traveling
under the slow bell required by the reg
ulations in foggy weather it is impossible
for the pilot to adhere to his usual course.
For some reason no such precaution was
taken yesterday. The Newark was late
In leaving the Alameda mole and the cap
tain of the Oakland, figuring on the New
ark having left on time, took no account
of the possibility of an encounter in mid
channel. >
The Oakland, bound for the Oakland
mole left this city at 7:20. The Newark
left the Alameda mole for this city about
the same time. The boats met about
midway. There -was a strong flood tide
at that time and the fog was extremely
thick. Both boats were traveling at slow
speed and both pilots, on account of the
lagging pace and fast running tide, had
to guess as to the leeway they were mak
ing and consequently as to their exact
whereabouts.
heavy fog and, although the pas
sengers on both boats escaped with a
bad scare, some of them will suffer from
the nerve jar for many a day to come.
That thn accident was not more serious
was due to the presence of mind of the
men in charge, of the boats. . With little
margin in which to do anything, what
they did, was done promptly and, fortu
nately, turned out to be the proper thing
to do.
THE Southern Pacific ferry-boats
Newark and Oakland crashed
into each other yesterday morn
ing off Goat Island during a
It was the first thick fog of the sea
son and the accident, although devoid
of fatalities, calls attention to the un
pleasant but patent fact that the boats
on which the Southern Pacific Company
daily transoorts thousands of people are
woefully lacking in facilities for caring
for passengers In the event of a really
serious mishap. For several hours in the
morning and as long an Interval In the
late afternoon and evening both broad
and narrow gauge boats are crowded far
beyond the capacity of the lifeboats, rafts
and even lifebelts provided for times of
emergency. The panic which followed
The captains of the ferry-boats made
full reports of the accident to the rail
road company and next .week the United
States inspectors will make an official in
vestigation for the purpose of placing the
responsibility. At this investigation it is
expected "that the Government officials
will make searching Inquiry into the ade
quacy of the life-saving equipment of the
boats, and if yesterday's collision leads
to some improvement in this direction the
people that were frightened may live to
feel that they were scared in a good
cause.
rather panicky for a while, behaved splen
didly."
After the collision and wnen peace Jbad
been restored the souvenir craze took pfcs
pesslon of the passengers and every port
able piece of the wrecnaee was picked
up to be taken home and carefully pre
served ;i.« a memento of the dangers of
the life of a commuter whose home and
business He on different sides of a fog
visited stretch of water.
Not the cheapest, but the fairest and most
honest printers. Mysell-Rolllns, 22 Clay. •
SOUTHERN PACIFIC FERRY BOATS OAKLAND AND NEWARK IN
COLLISION OFF YERBA BUENA ISLAND IN THE THICK FOG
WHICH YESTERDAY BLANKETED THE HARBOR.
¦ William Henry Bushnell appeared be
fore Police Judee Fritz yesterday and
was Instructed as to his rights on the
charge of murder. As no complaint has
yet been sworn to, the case was continued
till next Wednesday. Bushnell is accused
of having thrown a lighted lamp at his
wife at their residence. 214 Seventh ave
nue, on September 12. burning her so se
verely that she died on October 8.
Bushnell Appears in Court.
THE SAN FBANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, OCTOBER 18/1903. I
Southern Pacific Steamers Newark and Oakland
Crash Together in Dense Fog Off Goat Island
and Only Action of Pilots Averts Bay Tragedy
PASSENGERS THROWN INTO PANIC
BY COLLISION OF FERRY-BOATS
32
If there is one thing more than all others
that will give a man a forlorn and friendless
appearance and make him morbid and
"cranky" and disagreeable, that thing Is dys-
pepsia. It makes one forget his friends and
become morose and irritable. He <« so wrappsd
up in his own misery that he is inconsiderate
of every one else. Relieved of this terribU
and depressing ailment, h« again becomes a
good fellow and a man among men.
Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets are beyond ques-
tion the most effective and' popular remedy
ever offered to the 'sufferers of this terrlbla
disease.* The thousands and thousands of
cures they have brought about and the enor-
mous Increase of their sales fully attest the
truth of this statement.
They are. above all, a natural remedy. Ther
possess exactly the same properties that th»
gastric juices and other digestive fluids or the
stomach Dossees, and they actually do the di-
gestive work of the stomach and enable that
organ to rest and recuperate and become sound
and well. They act in a mild, natural manner
and cause no disturbance In the dlgestlv-s or-
gans. They prevent any fermentation of tha
food which causes sour stomach. In fact, un-
der their influence tha subject forgets that he
has a stomach' end his resulting cheerfulness
presents a great contrast to his former dejec-
tion. . ¦
Millions of boxes of Stuart's Dyspepsia Tab-
lets are sold annually and they are but in the
dawn of their popularity. Every mail brings
letters of thanksgiving from grateful ones who
have been cured of this terrible disease. The
following is one of hundreds received each
•week: .
Rev. J. R. Hoag of Wymore, Nebr., writes:
"For six years I have been' troubled with dys-
pepsia. Last fall I became Aery much alarmed
at some symptoms of heart trouble and came
to believe there was a sympathetic relation be-
tween the two diseases, or rather that the
stomach trouble was the cause of the. heart
disturbances.. I hit upon Stuart's Dyspepsia
Tablets for a remedy and Invested a dollar and
a half for three boxes which lasted. me three
months, and I can eat any kind of food I want
and have a good, vigorous appetite. Although
I am 77 years old, I now feel perfectly well
and without being requested by any one I
make this statement as a compliment to the
virtues of Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets." : ' ¦
Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets are for sale by
all druggists at 50c a box.
HOW TO DO IT.
Forget Your Stomach and You'll
Have a Santa Claus Face.
YOU WILL BE ALL
SMILES AGAIN
EXPERT OPTICIAN.
Ww Beware
or impostors
"Who deceive the onbltc by uslar the name.
O. Mayerle of Saa Francisco.
THE 03NCIHE XATXBLt'8 01488X8 itruf tfcta
Wttk Eyei tad Poor Sight. X sit be irlirta direst
from Qeorga M»ysr t. Oarata Optiitl Iaitltato, 1071
Market itraot, Sia rnaeisra.
. .^^^ GERMAN
*@^ Eye Water
INSTANTLY relieves all .ye trembles. Hirhtr
recommended for Weak Eyes, Poor Slyht. Pain-
ful, Sore. Discharging, Burning; Smarting.
Itching. Inflamed or Injured Eyes, Headache.
Dizziness, Nervousness, Cross Eyes. Red.
Crusty and Gluey Eyelids. Floating Spots.
Cloudy Vision, etc. Price, COc. By mail. «2c.
CAUTION— The Genuine must hava signature
of Georsre Mayerle. also the trademark — an Eye
with a Crown.
MR. GEORGE MAYERLE,
German ExDert Ootician. Honorary tnemb»r
of the Delaware and Iowa State Optical So-
cieties. Charter member American Association
of Opticians.
1O71 MARKET ST..
Near Seventh. San Francisco.
Tslepboas feata 572.
ADVEE-TISEM3NTS.
Oriental Goods]
At Wholesale Prices ;
W» Offer Onx Entire £xtr» rta« Col* '
lection of
Oriental Rugs
AND CURTAINS
At 25 Per Cent
\ Discount from regular rttall price ai ', ',
' - ' We are sole agent* for
JOHN CROSSLEY & SON'S
CELEBRATED ENGLISH CARPETS
Chas. M. Plum & Co.
Cor. 9th and Market Sts. :
ADVEBTISEMENTS. }
SPECIAL OFFERING
EXTRA QUALITY
BLACK SWISS TAFFETA, 21 Inches wide... 60c Yard
BLACK TAFFETA, heaYD aualltu, extra value, 21 Indies
wide... 75c Yard
BLACK GUARANTEED TAFFETA, a beautiful heavu
duality, .23 inches wide 85c Yard
BLACK GUARANTEED TAFFETA, U Inches wide, our
most reliable make SI.OO Yard
BLACK guaranteed TAFFETA, manufacturer's guar-
antee for durabllitu, 26 Inches wide.. $i. 00 Yard
BLACK TAFFETA, ""extra heavu aualltu, 27 inches wide
SI.OO Yard
BLACK GUARANTEED TAFFETA, perspiration and spot
proof, 27 inches wide $1.25 Yard
BLACK GUARANTEED TAFFETA, 36 Inches wide
SI. 25 Yard
BLACK GUARANTEED PEAU DE CYGNE, Yer.U lustrous
finish, 21 inches wide.. SI.OO Yard
BLACK GUARANTEED PEAU DE SOIE, extra heaYU and
high lustre, 21 inches wide — ...... SI.OO Yard
BLACK GUARANTEED SURAH, heaYU twill and SOft
finish, 24 inches wide , SI.OO Yard
BLACK PEAU DE SOIE, all pure silk and beautiful soft
f.nlsh. 24 Inches wide..... $1.25 Yard
NOTE.
Orders by mail receive prompt attention. All orders for
samples or goods filled and shipped same day they are re-
ceived.
iiii 113; 115, 117, 119, 121 POST STREET.
ADVERTISEMENTS.,
ADVERTISEMENTS. "" *___ j^ nJ ,
S^/.fxX fcl*! ilu Keg 'A** Tl] »j t 38^ 4 1
£ **«WO U mi»|iMH II— " ill K l IM*1.iirMtTMMiif"1Hi»i fM — ¦ *¦' ~ rir ¦¦¦ rHfniM"*~*~*"r~ nr"*" 1 ""*"*'** y * "^ 1 1
STYLISH APPAREL for SMALL BOYS
We invite an inspection of our large variety of boys
suits. We make a specialty of stylish wear for boys
\ from 1 to 5 years of age— a class of garments entirely
different from the ordinary clothing store kin0< -
We are now showing entirely new SAILOR' Su ITS,
\ TUNIC SUITS. RUSSIAN BLOUSES, NORFOLK
i SUITS. TOP COATS, REEFERS and MILITARY
) COATS, with hats and caps to match. |
Particularly attractive features of the Magnin styles |
J are the distinctive character of the garments and the |
reasonable prices. B
; PARISIAN HAND-MADE OUTFITS I
For Ladles, Children find Infants. I
5 A personal visit to Paris would not reveal a greater 1
\ variety of more handsome lingerie than we have im- g
ported for our patrons. Our Paris office managers are I
daily on the alert selecting the very choicest and most i
exclusive hand-made garments and making frequent I
fhipments to our store here. We are foremost leaders |
¦j for fine lingerie, carrying the largest and best assort- |
ment in San Francisco. i
UNDERWEAR I
! DEPT. — 4#llp-i I
\ A visit to this depart- lW^$ I
ment will reveal an un- 'f Jf=T
« equaled assortment of " *^ xf. //<¥
j choice productions of M hr^Vi $1
our own reliable make. gs *
Special attention is di- -q .^^^^S^Jsvv %
' rected to our line of ' (u\- ®a\ /'
winter undergarments. \~f*^i S^^i a
LADIES' GOWN, of /^^K^JT^ ¦ «" v'\^ -\
; Teasel down flannelette; A]'--:r^ ' ; .-Tp! Qr|5^j/i\. \
J a handsome assortment ffiVl^gJ ; gjaSi \
j of this season's newest i-^.^^'W \ ! ! -• W! }
patterns; trimmed as <~£i>?fy\ 1 . ••«. ' : .~Y .A
illustrated; an excep- J ' i\*!« 1^ ]& ' '# '/
; ' a^s..$i-5o f m i m^m
) Infants' Wear I $$gmgm
Dcpt. L -H - vV
The VARIETY AND MAGNITUDE OF OUR AS-
SORTMENT of elaborate and dainty garments for
i infants and accessories for their toilet is amaz-
ing to patrons who visit this department for the -
first time. Every requisite for the outfitting of the lit-
tle ones will be most satisfactorily purchased here. Ex-
quisite hand-made as well as inexpensive machine-made
in equally large variety. Manufacturing largely under
the most favorable conditions we are able to offer in-
ducements not to be obtained elsewhere as to style,
quality and price. B
INFANTS' SLIP, of Jones' long cloth, round yoke I
of tucks with hemstitched ruffle: hemstitched ruffle on 8
neck and sleeves. An example of neat and f* d~\ n
careful workmanship that distinguishes all fC i
our products WW |
We are exclusive Pacific Coast Agents for the "Arnold" R
good? and Dr. Grosvenor's Gertrude garments. M
918-922 Market Street. I
Mail orders receive c aref ul attention. Illustrated catalogue free fl
V 4T3 **- • !¦!¦¦»¦'¦ ¦' " m _ m r-r~:-—Tr. : - ' """" '— "lh. B* jj
J 4 ***i () ., )| . l n r f .- m . gn imhi" i i ii iinr nlrn in" •¦iiii"^nimrnnn'iM l iM"iT"imrii"irff'ir "iiuiirilili- irniniHiiimniM«nn»iB^ BttJ
ADVEBTISEMENTSL -_ '
Sjjif Coat Styles for I
> iw itlTPt* WP/lt* Hi
I : Jiii^> 1C success °* tl " s u
•wt^lm\^%\ (October) month's sales is \
i'WWffik w*\"V nothing less than marvel- \
'¦^w^CT f V\4\'' i lwl' showing of coat styles,
vilrWlil % iPsI*!!?^ 1 b ° th f ° r street and evenm S '
\0m : -ni$ iRSX wear * Several hundred
r iPjfilf 'vlipW new arr^ va "^ s » made from i 1
1 li$4w\ the correct mat erials, with <
iMM^ '"'' ? « il§^ tlie P ro P er st >' le t0 them.
.pl|i]^ \W$4 As usual, all moderately
MMwM W\ Y priced. See our $15.00,
HHI" ji^»jr $20.00 and $25.00 coats
"^^fe^f^^^^ if you have a thought of
JpPl yM~J$W^ Separate Skirts.
*— 2^*^^^^ New effects in black, brown and
r _ fancy mixtures in dress and walk-
rancy Dresses for Children in ? s J° rts •, , many " p £l of h i« h -
.. * priced models ?o. $< to #25
Many mothers will be pleased to
know that our entire line of chil- ¦ \
dren's wool dresses for fall wear Royal Worcester tOrSetS \
with fan'cTvoke plaid' otin^ex' arc designed with a view to cover
tra f3? skit ir , hW £5' C^ the requirements both for fit and {
g«en"6ti k ,4'y«Srs Price comfort-the most exactine women
4 y «o okT-VV, ' wear them. A new model for a )
¦_•/.* VV~ the dreSs medium figure, low bust, full-eored
Another pretty Russian style, hip. adapted to short figures, made
. made from all wool serge. . neatly from fine imported Broche: satin
trimmed. with braid: 6 to 14 years, ribbon bound; sizes 18 to 26
Price.. ...93.75 the dress Price .:... .92.75
&*D.2>avis & c 0
Con SeaiySt and Grant C(ve.
i* } •¦ : Agents { Royal Worcester Corsets.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
PW Little 1 Gentv?
fefe^ IF IT SHOULD \-
¦¦'—•..- ¦¦- • . 1 suddenly turn \
j?"*r^^^ <^^^n. cold, how would \
g "" <^^N. t^ lc b°y k e off for V
/ ff;/ \ shoes? Put the \
/ question to yourself \
m -^i^^jj^^^^ to-day. If he's need-
§ . ing a pair or two. \
* consider this Little Gent's Lace Shoe, that is made of \
m soft calf, with extended soles,, sizes q to 13. on a man- 1
f nish-Iookinz last that the boy would like. It Is a splcn- --I '
I did wearinsr shoe, backed by our guarantee. You would I
I judce the shoe to b e worth at least $1.75— and it is. I
I We pav particular attention to children's shoes. We I
I see that the tender growing feet are properly fitted, and I
E we have something to say to every mother in San Fran- I
I cisco. We would like them to see the new Kozv Kloes • I
j for children, and all the rest of the good shoes we have. I
\ fV^832 MARKET st.SF/-*O /
V (ioocTShoes J
jZ-^ 1^ —I W^*m — bsjsj — — — sf|^— sjs^^^^m^—^^Personal.
Mr. and Mrs. Claus Spreckels and John
D. Spreckels left last evening for Cor
onado. John D. Spreckels will return in
about a week.
firger. was arrested in Jx>s Angeles yes
terday. Welk r «s wanted in this city" for
forging three checks for $30 each. Dettc-
UVC Ross Whitaker will leave for the
Mttth this morniiig to bring Weiler back.
G. E. Weiler, said to be an old-time
"Wanted for Forgery.
The Swedish-Americans of this city and
Oakland will congregate to-day in Shell
Mound Park to celebrate the thirteenth
anniversary day and moonlight picnic of
the Swedish-American Political Club of
San Francisco. A large orchestra will
furnish music all day and dancing will
continue until 11 p. m. Speeches will be
made by different candidate^. A large
attendance, is expected. . ' ' ?
Swedish-American Picnic.
Fairfax H. Wheelan. George H. Buck
ingham. Secretary White of the Society
for the Prf-vtr.t:on of Cruelty to Children
and H. W. L<-v.!r of the Roys* and Girls'
Aid Society are busily engaged in search
ing for a noiise which mav serve as a
euiUil-lo jj'.aco f,f detention for wayward
and homoletfi cliHdren. The Board of
Health lias decided not to allow children
lo be kefet in the detention ward of the
limerpenry Hospital as previously and
the need of a "home" is very great The
committee will welcome aid in its search
Want Hcrae for Children.
Major Filmer was the floor manager,
and was assisted by his lieutenants and
the entire patrol as floor committee.
Colonel C. H. Murphy. Major George Fllmer,
Thomas H. Browne. C. S. Benedict, AV. P.
Humphrey!, Theo. Cohen. Charles Jellinek. H.
L. Hathorn, Thomas Trebell. D. R. Martens.
Philip Jacubovlcs. W. D. Keystone, C. H. Van
Ordfcn, A. Woodslde. J. H. Blakeway. G. E.
Bacon. G. K. Porter, Frank Titus, W. G.
Moore, W. G. Mobley, G. G. . Frisble, A. F.
Gunn. P. F. Ferguson. W. V. Bryan. George
Llpman, George Llebold. R. B. Moore, Walter
N. Brunt. George D. Kijulres, Herbert D. Wal
ler. A. J. de Lamare, F. O. Raabe. Max Claus-
Benius. E. R. Bryant. W. T. Crossman. J. A.
Hammersmith. George Habenlcht. Colonel Wil
liam Edwards. Frank W. Sumner, Julius
JatBllng. Dr. F. C. Papue. W. H. Hindle. it.
R. Browne, Charlet M. Troppmann. J. I
Abrams, S. Meyerson, Andrew W. Turpin and
CVorce Wittman.
dancing for two hours, and at one time
there were as many as 2000 on the floor.
Those who arranged this very success
ful affair were: .
The elected and appointed /jfflcers of the
Masonic Grand Lodge of California were
installed yesterday, after which Orrln
8. Henderson of Stockton, the retiring
grand master, was presented by E. H.
Hart, on behalf of the grand body, with
a magnificent diamond set Jewel. The
new officers are: .
C. W. Nuitingr, grand master; G. W. Hunter,
deputy grand master; M. II. Flint, senior
grand warden: E. Coleman, grand treasurer;
George Johnson, grand secretary; W. II. Ed
wards, grand lecturer; Rev. J. Nieto, chap
lain; S. Monroe, orator; Harry Johnson, as
sistant secretary: John S. Graley, standard
l*arer; L. May. sword bearer; Samuel Prage.
senior deacon; D. W. Smith, Junior deacon;
William Ketner, senior steward: Jacob Moses,
junior steward; George T. Rodden, marshal;
George B. Adams, tyler. and S. 15. Mayer,
organist.
Grand Lodge Installs Officers.
The deceased leaves a wife and daugh
ter and Is also survived by his . toother
and a brother. He was a. member of the.
Woodmen of the World, of the Red Men
and of the Native Sons of the Golden
West.
George 1 Tewksbury, an employe of the
ITnited Railroads, residing at 100 Twenty
ninth street, met with an accident yester
day morning from which he died in Si.
Luke's Hospital during the afternoon.
The deceased, with other employes of the
company, whs sent from the carhouse mi
Mission street to free the {rack from an
obstruction at Mission street and C lrt
land avenue, where a two-horse truck
laden with tanbark had, broken down.
While hoisting the truck from the track
one of the levers jerked in such a way
as to throw Tewksb«ry .; against an iron
pole, fracturing his skull. He was picked
up in. an unconscious condition -and car
ried on a stretcher to St. Luke's Hospital,
where he died several hours later. The
deceased was 30 years of age. Upon an
brder from Coroner Leland the body was
allowed to be removed to an undertaking
establishment.
Struck by Truck I and "Killed.
The will of Ludwig Zobel, the Markct-
Fireot milliner, was filed for probate yes
trrday. It disposes of an estate consist
ing of realty in Los Angeles and this city,
s-K.iks and bonds and life Insurance pol
icies cf an aggregate value of JOO.'XW. By
the terms of the will the entire estate is
tfi go to Marie Zobel, widow of the de
<ea.»«id. r.r.d Alexander Meyer and Jacob
Wolf, hi* brothers-in-law. They are to
held it !n tru^t. paying from the income
therefrom a monthly sum of 575 to Flora
Zobrl. mothrr of the deceased, and the
remainder to the widow. The will also
provides that when Zobel's one child, a
boy. who i.s now 6 years of age. shall have
reached the age of majority, the trustees,
who arc aU isecutors of the will, shall
pay him 13000.
Milliner Provides That Widow and
Mother Shall Enjoy Income
From S50.000 Estate.
LUDWIG ZOBEI/S WTLL
CBEATX3 A TBUST FUND
HENCHMEN of Ruef's candidate
for Mayor attempted to break up
a Republican meeting at Silk's
Hall last night, but failed.
Cheers were given for Schmltz,
but these were drowned by heartier cheers
for Henry J. Crocker, the standard-bearer
of the Republican party. After two or
three men had been threatened and an
other thrown out of the hall the speakers
were given a hearing.
Maurice Asher. candidate for Supervisor,
turned the Incident Into some ' good by
saying he regretted that the "Schmitz
man" had . been thrown out the window,
as had he remained and listened to Henry
J. Crocker he would cast his vote for him
and not for the incumbent. Mr. Crocker
nlso secured a laugh by telling the crowd
that he had heard there was "something
doing" before he arrived, and he regret
ted he was late.
The hall was too small to accommodate,
the crowd.. Hundreds of voters filled the
place und cheered lustily for Crocker, and
the other candidates on the ticket. Excel
lent speeches were made and many con
verts to the standard of the Republican
party were gained.
The success of the meeting was due to
the efforts of the following members of
the campaign committee of the .Thirty
third District: Louis Taylor, J. J. Calla
han, John Hogan, James J.. Ryan,- John
Feno and Joseph McTighue.
John S. Partridge presided at the meet
ing,, and he carried - out his part with
great skill. His opening speech was full
of logic. !He pointed out that it .would be
wise for the people to elect Henry. J.
Crocker. He showed that the administra
tion of municipal affairs with Crocker at
the helm would be the finest the city haa
ever had. He dwelt at length on his qual
ities as a business man and as . a citizen
of the city of his birth. Continuing he
said: ¦"'?¦£%'¦ *<VJ«
REPUBLICANS UNITED.
There has never been a time In the history
of this city and county when ¦ the Republi
cans were' so absolutely, together as they are
in this campaign. We have at the head of
our ticket a man who does i not owe allegiance
to any boss or to any political faction. He
Is an upright, decent Amercian citizen. I have
traveled this city from one end to the other
and I hear Henry J. Crocker's name every
where. It seems to be In the air.
I know ¦ the candidate on the Labor ticket.
He is a decent, agreeable gentleman.. I -know
the candidate on the Democratic ticket. >He.ls
also a pleasant, affable • gentleman, but I . do
not believe that either of these gentlemen
could do for San Francisco that which has
to be* done— the. expenditure : of eighteen'mil
lion dollars — better .than our candidate for
Mayor. He has promised to see that the work-
lngmen get the most of the money expended.
The Republican party is the truest friend the
workingman has ever bad.
A PLAIN CITIZEN.
Charles Alpers created a great deal of
merriment by his rhyming talk. He has
the happy faculty of putting into verse
what other people find difficult to put into
prose. He appealed to the voters to
stand by the Republican ticket. He also
criticized Mayor Schmltz ' and his advis
ers. \ The speaker was interrupted fre
quently by men in the back of the hall
who were In favor of the opposition tick
ets, but he did not mind the interruption.
Theodore Lunstedt, one of the party's
clean-cut! candidates for. Supervisor, re
ceived a hearty welcome from the voters
present. In the course of his speech be
said: ¦ ,
I hare been Informed that the time limit
for candidates for Supervisor is one minute,
and I will not overstep it. I want to make
the same statement to-night that I have made
every night, during the past week, and when
I make this statement I want every Republi
can resident in this district to know I mean
it. The Republican convention has placed
before the community of this city % ticket
that Is as good as any in the field, and I
say It Is the duty of every good Republican
to go to the polls on November 3 and vote the
ticket straight, from Henry J. Crocker to Ed
die Sweeney. (Applause.)
I want to correct an erroneous Impression in
regard to our standard-bearer. There seems
to be an Impression that Mr. Crocker is an
aristocrat. I had the pleasure of Initiating
Henry J. Crocker Into a lodge of Native Sons.
over which I presided, some years ago. I want
to pay that he was a plain man then and he
is Just the same man to-day. (Great applause.)
For myself, gentlemen and fellow-citizens. 1
can only promise, n" you will give me- your
support and If I am elected, that I will give
you a fair and honest administration of the
duties of t^e otflce.
Judge Joachimsen was given a good
rally when presented to his large audi
ence. He told of his past record; of the
boys and . girls he had saved to be better
citizens. He said if he was deserving he
wanted the voters to stand by him and
the balance of. the ticket.
George R. Wells, Maurice Asher, Fred
Eggers and Joseph S. Nyland were given
hearty greetings when presented. Ashor
scored quite a hit in his speech. He said:
r "l am sorry they threw the Sghmltz
sympathizer out of the window, because I
am sure if he had waited and heard Mr.
Crocker he would have voted for him."
(Laughter and applause.)
CREATES SENSATION.
When Henry H. Lynch was introduced
a voice could be heard above the hearty
cheers for the candidate for Sheriff. A
man rushed toward the platform yelling:
Contlnued on Page 37, Column 1.
HENRY J. CROCKER, Republican
candidate for Mayor of San
Francisco, Is developing consid
erable support In the camp of or-
gadzed labor. The magnitude of
his vote on Nevember 3 will surprise the
followers of Lane and the henchmen of
Schmitz. An exceptionally large number
of Republicans will vote their straight
party ticket at the next election. Many
Republicans are saying that they will
stamp inside of the circle at the top of
the ballot and also stamp for each Indi
vidual candidate down the column. Op
portunity will not then be given for any
misinterpretation of the vote by unfriend
ly election officers.
The new ballot law adopted at the last
session of the Legislature goes into prac
tical effect in this city on November 3
next. Republicans will make no mistake
in voting the straight Republican ticket
from top to bottom. The Democrats recog
nize the fact that San Francisco Is a Re
publican city and are therefore particu
larly anxious that three or four of the
Republican nominees for the Board of Su
pervisors should not receive a straight
party vote. The coon in the Democratic
woodpile is not wholly concealed. If Re
publicans should make the mistake of voU
'Ing for two Democratic nominees for th«
board and then fail to stamp the cross
opposite the name of each of the remain
ing sixteen Republican candidates the en
tire ticket for Supervisors would be
thrown out In obedience to instruction?
from the Registrar's office. Unfair or un
friendly election officers might insist on
th'rowing out the entire ballot.
To avoid any possibility of mistake let
Republican voters stamp inside the circle
at the top of the column and then go
down the line and stamp for each candi
date In the Republican column. It will b«
time enough after the new ballot law has
been construed by the election officers for
Republicans to discriminate In favor of an
exceptionally good man on a rival ticket.
The safe proposition in this election for
Republicans is to vote the Republican
ticket straight, beginning with Henry J.
Crocker for Mayor and ending with Ed
win M. Sweeney for Judge of the Poll?*
Court. M; ¦;-
It is common talk In political circle*
that Henry J. Crocker will be elected
Mayor. It is true that the Schmitz meet
ings are well attended, but Schmitz ha*
a large following of office holders con
nected with the various commissions and
departments of the city srovernrr.t* nt.
Many of them neglect their official duties
In daytime to do politics for the man who
put them next to the public treasury, and
nearly all of them are campaigning at
night -{or Ruef and Schmltz. They 3hout
lustily for the Mayor whenever Ruef
gives the signal. The promise is out that
Ruef will allow a wide open town in ths
event of Schmitz's re-election. Fire De
partment attaches and policemen are do
insr politics for Ruef and Schmltz.
The Republicans, however, are holding
the largest and most enthusiastic meet
ings of the campaign. It is freely predict
ed that Crocker will get more than ZJ.OO
votes on November S. The support ho is
gaining from the ranks of the working
men Is especially gratifying to the Repub
lican leaders. Mr. Crocker Is making a
manly campaign. Lane Is not doing any
thing to speak of aside from casting *ome
reflections on the Schmitz administration.
At the Potrero last Thursday evening he
was advised by a committee of hla follow
ers to talk of sewers. Lane heeded tfhe
advice and made a short talk on drain
age. The to^Ic Itself Is not so alluring,
but it is a change— a reltef from Candidate
Lane's incessant twaddle about himself.
The Election Commission has ordered
the names of about SCO men to be stricken
from the great register because they coul-.i
not be located at the residences whicb
they had given when registering.
J. IJ. Abrams, Robert Aeh. G. E. Bacon, J.
H. Blakeway. William Bromfleld. H. n.
Browne. IZ. it. "Bryant. G. K. Bushnell. Max
ClaiEst-niu*, Ira W. Coburn. \V. T. Crossman,
A. J. de Umarf, George Fllmer. W. P. Fll
mer. George G. Kri*bee. E. P. Halstead, R. U
Halhom. W. H. Hindle, Wj P. Humphrey*.
If. H. Hutching*. Phil Jacobovlcs. J. Jaegllng,
C JcHinok. W. T. Kibbler. F. S. Latterly. J.
G. Klebold, Harrison It. Unman. G. W. Lip
man. U. R. Marten*. S. Meyerson. T. S.' MII
lt-r. W. O. Mcbley. K. T. Mullen. H. C. Nor
ton. S. W. Otttnheiraer. S. K. Overgarde.
Frank <;. Pague, Charles Parks. G. K. Porter,
F. O. Itaabf. Kd Etephenson, William Thomas.
George Thompson, C. P. Thorp. F. W. Titus.
Thomas T re-hell. C. M. Troppraann. A. W. Tur
pin, C. If. Van Orden, George Walker, A. B.
Wood. Alex. Woodnlde. • - _y : ?
The entertainment was - followed • by
The final number on the programme
was an exhibition drill by the Temple's
Arab Patrol, under. command of George
Filmcr. captain: William P. Humphreys,
first aid; Charles Jellinek, second lieuten
ant. The drill was perfect, every
movement being made with a precision
equal to that of the best .drilled military
compans*. Many of the evolutions were
unique and there was frequent applause.
Those who took part in this drill are:
Company B, Captain Walter N. Kelly,
then gave an exhibition of bridge build
ing without nailing, simply using ropes
to fasten the timbers. The work was
well and quickly done, winning the ap
plause of the entire audience.
Troop A. Captain Charles Jansen, gave
an exhibition saber drill which proved
conclusively that the men of the troop
know how to handle the arm named.
The section from the Naval Militia, un
der Gunner D. O'llearn. gave an exhibi
tion of drilling with a Hotchkiss one
pounder which was a revelation -to many
who never before had witnessed the
handling of a gun of that description.
The Jackies, like the others, were loudly
applauded.
The first event of the evening was a
rrand entree and march in review in the
following order: Troop A, N. G. C. ; Com
pany B. First Regiment Infantry: one
section from the U. S. B. Marion, and the
Islam Patrol Drill Corps, all under com
mand of Major George Fllmer. The sev
eral organizations made a fine appear
ance.
irg card_ for nearly 8000 persons
assembled in the' big building to witness
the entertainment. Many of the ladles
were in evening costume and all the mem
bers of the temple were in dress suits
and wearing the Islam red cap. It was
one of the most fashionable audiences
that has gathered in that building in
years.
THE military novelty night of Is
lam Temple's Patrol Drill Corps,
A. A. O. M. S., in the Mechanics'
Pavilion last night was a draw-
Henry J. Crocker Develops Great Strength
in the Outlying Districts by His
Business Like Ways.
OFFICERS OF THE SHRINERS'
ARAB PATROL. WHICH
GAVE UNIQUE DRILL.
#
HENRY J. CROCKER ADDRESSING A PACKED MEETING AT SILK'S
HALL LAST NIGHT, AND THREE CANDIDATES WHO ARE CAM
PAIGNING WITH HIM ON THE REPUBLICAN TICKET.
Inmate of Almshouse
Wields Weapon on
Keeper.
Justice of the Peace Van Nostrand yes
terday gave Judgment In the sum of $2G0
against Sheriff Lackmann, who was sued
by Adolph and Max Lehmann for hav
ing attached two printing presses which
the plaintiffs had bought in good faith.
After the plaintiffs had bought the presses
the Sheriff's deputies took possession of
them on a writ of attachment served on
the man who had sold the presses to the
Lehmanns.
Lackmann acted under an amendment
to the Code of Civil Procedure which was
adopted at the last Legislature and pro
vides that the selling of goods in bulk
or as stock In trade is not valid unless
due notice of the same has been filed
with the County Recorder for at least
five days before the sale, together with
the name of the vendor and vendee and
the amount of the purchase price.
Lackmann contended that the man who
cold the goods to the Lehmanns had not
complied with the law in the manner
mentioned and therefore the goods had
not legally passed from the possession of
the seller to the buyers. As the writ of
attachment was directed to the sellers
Lackmann's deputies seized the printing
presses after the Lehmanns had obtained
possession of them, on the ground that
the sale was an absolute nullity since
it had never been recorded. ¦
In deciding the case against the Sher
iff. Judge Van Nostrand practically rules
that the amendment requiring five days'
notice before sale is In direct conflict with
Federal and State laws and is therefore
unconstitutional. Van Nostrand held that
the amendment was a deprivation of prop
erty rights, which always included the
powers to buy and to sell, without any
due process of law. Van Nostrand was
fortified In his ruling by a Federal court
decision in the State of Ohio, which held
that a similar provision making certain
requirements In the sale of goods was
unconstitutional.
*'I must have be*»n pretty drunk when
I did this," said the prisoner. "I had
rarnc d !!5 cents for washing some clothes
and with it went to a nearby saloon,
Where I jrot a quantity of red wine. When
I returned I wanted to stay out in the
yard, but they would not let me and that
.made me mad. Pulling out the knife, I
»=aM they would let me do as I wanted,
but they finally had their own way about
it. I do not remember having cut the
guard ar.d I thought little of it until I
found that 1 had been charged with as
sault to murder.''
It was soon after 7 o'clock on the night
"cf the quarrel that Donovan was discov
ered strolling about the yard. He wu
ordered inside, but positively refused to
gro, and another guard came to Guard
John O'Brien's assistance to take him by
force. Donovan was very excited and
resisted the efforts cf the officers to move
him. After a short struggle he drew an
eld knife out of his pocket and plunged
It into O'Brien's back. The wound was
not deep or serious and the injured man
craa able to continue In the struggle and
trlsg his man into submission. Donovan
was locked up in a cell Friday night and
ifFterday morning was Turned over to
Sergeant Helms at the Park police sta
tion.
Jeremiah Donovan, an aged inmate of
the A5mshouse. is under arrest for having
gabbed a guard Friday night. He is now
*t the Central police station and the
charge against him Is assault to murder.
According to the prisoner, he was intoxi
cated at the time he committed the
crime, having consumed 25 cents' worth of
c!aret at a neighborhood saloon.
, The deceased had lived at the place
where his death occurred for the last
twelve years. He was nearly blind as a
result of an operation to remove a cata
ract from one of his eyes, and was gen
erally in feeble health. He was remark
able for hl3 thrifty habits. He cooked
and slept in one room, and. some of his
neighbors cla'm he obtained most of his
provisions from rejected stuff at the mar
kets and what he could glean from swill
barrejs. . .
Before he became disabled by partial
blindness Page drove a sprinkling cart,
being employed -by "his . brother, Robert
Page, now deceased, who'at one time held
the contract, for the sprinkling of the
city's streets. It is claimed that he was
a partner in the' contract, although his
name did not appear as' one of the parties
to It. . : : •
The body of Henry Page was found in
a bathroom of the lodging-house at 123
Tenth street yesterday morning by W. T.
Brown, the proprietor of the house. The
deceased was aged 73 years, and the cause
of death was evidently heart disease. He
appeared in good health and spirits when
he retired Friday night.
The dead man was a teamster by occu
pation, and by careful saving and fortu
nate Investments had accumulated an es
tate valued at $30,000. It consists largely
of cash in bank and negotiable securities.
He left a will devising the bulk of the es
tate to a sister who lives in Providence,
R. I. Some small bequests were made to
children of a cousin living in this city.
A. W. Johnson, secretary of the Supreme
Court Commissioners, ¦ is named as ex
ecutor.
Henry Page Found Lifeless in Bath
room at His Lodgings After a
Career oi Thrift.
HOARDED HIS MONEY
AND DIES FRIENDLESS
Van Nostrand Declares
Amendment to the
Code Invalid.
PLUNGES KNIFE
INTO A GUARD
Republicans Advised to
Vote the Ticket
Straight.
GIVES JUDGMENT
AGAINST SHERIFF
She was attired in a handsome dress of
black silk, with black hat. At her right
side was the empty. bottle and at the left
was her silk handbag, containing her
false teeth and a purse with $3 50 in It.
•There was nothing about her to in any
way show her Identity.
About twenty feet away was found a
tin cup. From this she had drunk the
poison and then thrown It away from her.
The remains were discovered by W. J.
Barnard of 1630 Page street and Oscar T.
Schuck, Parrott building, as they were
climbing over the hills.
They at once reported the matter to
Beargent J. H. Helms, who telephoned
to the Coroner's office and Deputy Coro
ner J. Fennell and Officers Nelson Norton,
J. S. O'Shea and J. J. Dow were prompt
ly on the scene and the body was at once
removed to the Morgue.
Charles Schwebs said he thought Mrs.
Brodt was laboring under -an attack of
temporary insanity. : aa he knew of no
possiblo reason why she should take her
own life, as her family relations were of
the most pleasant character.
The deceased was about 62 years of age.
Another eon, Lincoln Brodt, is residing
at 2328 Tenth street, Berkeley, Friday his
mother sont him a note saying: that she
intended doing away with herself and on
receipt of the letter he at once came to
town and sought his brother-in-law,
Charles Schwebs of 37 Langton street,
and asked him to try to find his mother.
Schwebs visited the Morgue late last
night and at once identified the remains
found in the park as those of Mrs. Brodt.
Mrs. Brodt chose a picturesque, seclud
ed spot on the brow of Bell Tower Hill,
just adjacent to the cyclers', rest, and
there, on a sloping, mossy bank at the
foot of a tail eucalyptus tree . and sur
rounded by a thick growth of oak trees,
took the deadly potion that ended her ex
istence.
The dead body of Mrs. Eva Brodt of
Quaker Hill, Nevada County, was found
In Golden Gate Park yesterday afternoon
at 2 o'clock. By her side was an empty
bottle, which had contained carbolic acid.
What were the reasons that caused her
to take her life are not. known. About
three weeks ago she arrived In town from
Los Angeles, where she had been visiting
friends. Her husband is residing in
Quaker Hill, and" a son, William, is living
in Fresno.
Writes to Son in Berkeley
'That She Intends End
iDg Existence.
Mrs. Eva Brodt of Qua
ker Hill Takes Her
Own Life.
The Cavalrymen Handle
Their Sabers With
Cleverness.
infantry. Constructs a
Bridge in a Very
Few Miuutes.
SWALLOWS ACID
IN THE PARK
ISLAM TEMPLE'S ARAB PATROL DRILLS
BEFORE THE DELIGHTED SPECTATORS
VOTERS OF THE MISSION TURN OUT IN FULL FORCE AND CHEER
LOUDLY FOR THE STANDARD BEARER OF THE REPUBLICAN PARTY
SAN FRANCISCO, SUNDAY, OCTOBER 18, 1903.
Ra|es Mdo 44
Pages 33 to 44WASHINGTON, Oct. 17.— The War Depart
ment has received information frcm Manila
that as a rewilt of th4 St. Louis Exposition
board In Manila sending throughout the Islands
hun<Jr«<iK of thousands of pamphlets In Rns
il»h. S-ranirh and ' Die native tonsue, thirty-
Uur t^uusand exhibits have been promised.
NEW YORK, Oct. 17.— Robert .Fitzsim
mons hao started for the Pacific Coast to
begin training for his contest with George
Gardner r.cxt mo'.tii at San Francisco.
He will train ii. Alameda. The former
champion !s conAuint of whipping Gard
ner. He expects, however, a hard light.
"If I <3on't heat him," said Fltzsimmans,
"1 will quit the ring for good."
Fitzsimmons to Train at Alnmeda.
The San Francisco Maeunerchor Sing-
Ing Society will celebrate its fortieth an
niversary, with a concert, entertainment
and ball at Turn Vereln Hall On October
£5. Some of the best known amateur per
formers In the cif.y have volunteered their
services. ¦<?»'.-:¦:
Singing Society's Concert.
Mrs. Flora B. Arndt, wife of Dr. Hugo
R. Arndt. died Friday at the family res
idence, 2902 Bush street. The deceased
was a well known musician and a.mem
ber of the San Francisco Musical Club,
before which she frequently lectured on
music.
Musician Passes Away
An amusement event of unusual im
portance will be the eleventh annual ben
efit in aid of the charity fund of San
Francisco Lodge No. 21, Theatrical Me
chanical Association, to take place at the
Alhambra Theater next Friday afternoon
at 2 o'clock TJharpl The best dramatic
talent in the city will be brought to
gether, as is always the case at the en
tertainments given by "the men behind
the scenes." The music will be one of
the strong features of the programme and
several of the scenes .will be set and^
struck in -full view of ¦ the audience .by'
members of the ; lodge. Tickets are going
with a rush and reserved seats can be
obtained at the Alhambra box office on
and after to-morrow morning at 9 o'clock.
Theatrical Mechanics' Benefit.
The Market-street planing mill, at Mar
ket and Dolores streets, owned by p F; A.
Geler, was totally destroyed by fire short
ly before 10 o'clock last night. The blaze
had its origin in the engine-room of the
mill and when the alarm was turned in
by Patrolman Balllet the place was al
ready enveloped In flames. The loss is
estimated at $15,000.
Tho mill; a two-story frame $tructure,
burned readily. The flames rose high in
the air and could be seen for many blocks.
An immense crowd gathered at the scene
of the fire and the patrolmen had much
difficulty in keeping order.
Two-Story Frame Structure at Mar
ket and Dolores Streets Is a
Total Loss.
FLAMES QUICKLY DESTROY
GEIER'S PLANING MILL
To-dayon the National baseball grounds,
beginning at 3 p. m., the Vancouver team
will play Its last game In San Francisco
against an all-California team of picked
players.
After five minutes' interval the second
period opened.- In. 3:15 P. Brennan ob
tained a second goal for the Shamrocks.
After two minutes thlrty-secen seconds'
play J. Hogan put the ball through for
the Shamrocks again. J. Brennan added
another goal to the Shamrock score in
two minutes, the second period ending
with the score Shamrocks 4, Vancouver 1.
During this period O'Brien- of the Van
couver team and Currle, center of the
Shamrock team, were ruled off the field
for five minutes for fighting, and E. Rob
inson of the Shamrock team for slashing.
Play had been started only twenty sec
onds in the third period when the Sham
rock cover point, Rellly, went all down
the field and scored a goal for the Sham
rocks. Then a long spell of back and
forth play ensued, thirteen minutes forty
seconds elapsing before O'Brien put the
ball through for Vancouver. In one min
ute more Vancouver secured another goal.
The period ended with the score Sham
rocks 5. Vancouver 3.
. The first third of the fourth and last
period was closely contested, neither side
being able to score until the Shamrocks
obtained a goal In 7:20. Score— Shamrocks
6, Vancouver 3. Then T. Brennan of the
Shamrocks added another goal to the list
in 6:25. Score— Shamrocks 7, Vancouver 3.
Mcllvane, first defense of the Shamrocks,
was ruled off three minutes for foul play.
The game ended without further incident.
The officials of the. day were as follows:
Referee, M. J. Tansey; umpires. A, E.
Suckling and A. B. Smith; timekeepers,
H. J. Trlhey and Frank Wright; field
captains, O'Conncll of the Shamrocks and
Smith of the Vancouver team. The names
of the players and their positions were
as follows:
Shamrocks. Positions. Vancouvers.
Kavanagh Goal .• . . Norman
Howard. . . .;..'.... Point ... ... . .Reynolds
Rellly Cover point. .Yorke
Mcllvano. ......... First defense Barr
Hayes. ............ Second defense. .... . .Allan
Smith.....: Third defense. .\. .Morrison
Currle : .Center .Mattheaon
Robinson. Second home. . v .... Murray
Ho*ran .First home. .Co-wan
J. Brennan. Outside home O'Brien
P. Brennan .Inside home Godfrey
The ball was put into play by Wllllanf
Greer Harrison at 3:17:30 p. m., and after
three minutes and twenty-five seconds
play the first goal was scored by P.
Brennan for the Shamrocks. The
second goal was scored by the
Vancouver team in 1:40, being put be
tween the posts by Currie of the Sham
rocks. The first period ended without fur
ther result. Score— Shamrocks 1, Vancou
ver 1. During this period Howard of the
Shamrocks and Morrison of Vancouver
were ruled off for tripping and O'Brien
of Vancouver for slashing an opponent.
' / FTER the keenest, fastest and
t\ most exciting game of lacrosse
y£==\ ever seen in the West the Sham-
A )\ rocks of Montreal defeated the
Vaucouvers" of British Columbia
yesterday on the National basebalf
grounds. The score was: Shamrocks 7
goals, Vancouvers 3 goals. The winners
played a closer game than the losers and
excelled them In shooting for goal. In
other respects the teams were evenly
matched. Little Currle, the center of the
Shamrock team, caught <"- nttention of
the spectators by his brilliant play. He
was loudly applauded on many occasions.
Some of the players became overexcited
at times and Indulged In foul tactics, for
which they were ruled off the field for
spaces of three or five minutes. There
was a large attendance, the spectators be
ing highly enthusiastic. The Shamrocks
being short two men, Hoobin and Flnlay
son, the spare man, Hogan, took a place
on the team. The Vancouvers also played
eleven men, Cao being the absentee. The
lack of Cao was noticeable* in the attack
ing line of the Vancouvers.
EXCITING MOMENTS OF PLAY
,.AND AN OFFICIAL UF /THE
>GAME.vr . ., .- t',C- : -V
WEST POINT, N, Y., Oct. 17.— Under
extremely bad weather conditions Har
vard defeated West Point to-day, 5 to 0.
There was much fumbling on both sides.
It was probably the most desperately
fought football game ever seen on West
Point's field. Exchanges of punts were
frequent. Near the close of the first half
Hurley of Harvard made a clever rush
at the side of the formation and, evading
theetads, ran twenty-five yards, crossing
West Point's goal line and making the
only score of the day. The plays through
out the first half were mostly in West
Point's territory. There was no time dur
ing the game that Harvard's goal was
threatened.
Soon after the second half began Prince
of West Point got possession of the ball
within twenty yards of the army's goal
and ran the entire length of the field,
crossing the enemy's line. The wildest
enthusiasm prevailed for a minute, but
the official declared the play out of order
and the sprinter was called i>ack. Near
the close of the last half Harvard at
tempted a goal from the field, but the ball
went wide of the mark. <
NEW HAVEN, Conn., Oct. 17.— Yale de
feated the Pennsylvania. State eleven to
day in a rainstorm by a score of 27 to 0.
Yale scored two touchdowns In the first
half by bucking the line and end running.
The play was of the simplest throughout
and the superiority of the Yale halfbacks
rather than the attacking power of the
forwards is responsible for the big score.
PRINCETON. N. J., Oct. 17.— In a pour-
Ing rain Princeton defeated the Carlisle
Indians this afternoon by a score of 11 to
0. Princeton kept the ball nearly all the
time, but made twelve fumbles. The first
score was made on a series of plays in
which Short figured prominently by line
plunges and part by long runs. Hart
crossed, but fumbled, and-Vetterlein made
a sensational run of fifty yards and was
downed on the eighty-yard line. Foulke
scored around left end.
ITHACA, N. Y., Oct. 17.— The hardest
game on the Cornell schedule played this
season waa played with Bucknell tiTiS
afternoon, when Cornell had difficulty
scoring a single touchdown. The final
score was 6 to 0. In tho first half neither
side scored. Early in the second half the
visitors carried the ball to Cornell's thir
ty-yard line, when Rice got in on a,fum
ble. Line piunging by McAllister and
Hunt brought it to the . fifty-yard line.
Breweter gained twenty-five yards on a
fake kick and Rice, with a clean run,
scored a touchdown. Brewster kicked
the goal.
NEW YORK, Oct. 17.— Amherst was de
feated by Columbia to-day at the Polo
Grounds, 12 to 0.
MINNEAPOLIS, Oct. 17.— Minneapolis
75, Iowa 0.
LINCOLN. Nebr.. Oct. 17.— In a raprd.
rough-and-tumble game, Nebraska to-day
defeated Haskell by a ccore of 16 to 0.
The Indians nearly held their own at the
outset, but went to pieces in the second
half.
BOULDER, Colo., Oct. 17.— The football
game between the University of Kansas
and the University of Colorado was won
by the former by a score of 12 to 11.
PHILADELPHIA, Oct. 17.— In a game,
the main feature of which was fumbling,
the University of Pennsylvania football
eleven defeated Brown University, 30 to 0.
MADISON. Oct. 17. — Wisconsin S7, Beloit 0.
COLUMBUS, Oct. 17. — Ohio State Univer
sity 0l», Ktnyon 0. . .
GALESBURG, 111., Oct. 17.— Knox ColloRe
20, Chicago College of i'hyslcluhs and Sur
geons 0.
LEXINGTON. Ky., Oct. 17.— Kentucky State
College lb, Kentucky Military Institute 0. *
LAFAYKTTK. Inu., Oct. 17.— University of
Illinois 24, Purdue 0.
CINCINNATI. Oct. 17. — Miami 15. Univer
sity of Cincinnati 0.
TERRE HAUTE, Oct. 17.— Rose Polytechnic
5, Eastern Illinois Normal 0.
AMKS, Iowa, Oct. 17.— Ames College 30, Coe
College 0.
L. C. Bozarth beat R. B. Dacsett. 6-2, 0-4;
H. Long beat Melville Long, 0-2. C-4. 7-5. 7-5:
Glenn CobwIII beat M. Ounet. tt-4. «-4: Harry
Gabriel beat 'Jr. Lovecrove, 6-2. «-2, 0-6, 2-8;
Dr. Sumner Hardy and Sidney Salisbury beat
Dr. Hill and Dr. McChesney, 8-8, «-2; Will
Allen tied Merle Johnson. C-4, 4-6; Harry Mc-
Afee and Glenn CorwIII beat Bradley Wallace
and T. Buckley, 6-2. 4-6, 6-0: .Wallace tied
Buckley, 0-4, 4-0; Cogwlll beat McAfee, tt-4, 0-3.
The following matches were played
L. C. Bozarth, an enthusiastic park
player, who recently joined the club, la
improving steadily. He beat K. B. Dag
gett yesterday ' handily. Bozarth won
both sets.
Counter attractions made the attendance
on the tennis courts rather lighter than
usual yesterday afternoon. Many of-the
cracks, too, preferred not to play as they
expect some hard matches in the tourna
ment to-day and are desirous of entering
them Jn the best possible condition..-
Will Allen and Merle Johnson furnished
the best game in singles. Johnson has
played but little in the past few months,
but managed to break even with his op
ponent. Allen played good tennis in the
first set, which he won by fast work at
the net. In the next set Jonnson used his
clever chop stroke and passed his op
ponent constantly. He won this set and
thus evened up matters.
An exciting .doubles match was played
by Dr. Hardy and Sidney Salisbury and
Drs. Hill and McChesney. The latter
made a good showing in the first set and
several times came near winning. Hardy's
cleverness finally enabled his sJde to win
both setB.
Hardy, Former Cham
pion, Displays Old-r
Time Cleverness. •
Players Struggle Des
perately Throughout
; ' '' Both Halves.
TENNIS MATCH
PROVES EXCITING
HARVARD DEFEATS
WEST POINTERS
From the cardinal aggregation there
gleamed forth thuee particular stars,
Weller. Stott and Stephenson. Weller Is
the human mogul engine; he just drives
and drives at the line, with his opponents
flapping wildly at his waist like so many
flics. He makes his distance on nearly
every down. Stott distinguished himself
by making one of Chet Murphy's old-time
runs fcr the goal. Starting on the forty
five yard line with a double pass from
I'ack to quarter, he cleared the scrimmage
und raced for the white line. LJttle red
h*>sded Stephenson made a brilliant effort
THEEE CABDINAL STABS.
Out of the nebula of doubt and waver
ing uncertainty which always surrounds
a freshman team the youngsters from Dr.
Jordan's school suddenly shot into the
gridiron world a finished unit of football
efficiency. The freshman team is always
the roc's egg of college athletics— you
never can tell whether there will be
hatched a fighting bird or an ugly duck
ling. From Coach Lanagan's incubator,
however, there sprung yesterday as fine
a^rood of game chickens as ever clicked
epurs on the checkered field.
(Jood, clean, hard football was what
won the day. The freshmen from Stan
ford played like a piece of pewerful ma
chinery, all together, never ceasing:. Their
team work left nothing to be caviled at;
their hammering was persistent and at all
times effective; the generalship of Cap
tain Stott in the quarter's position rarely
.failed to find an advantage and to follow
it when once discovered.
The Berkeley boys played for all that
was in them, but their all was not suffi
cient. They were not "quitters." They
stayed with an uphill game with their
team criprlcd by the loss of their captain
ar.d star flayer. Kern. They were simply
outpointed at every turn of the game.
Their team work was scarce worthy the
came. They were slow to get into the
play and slower still to follow the ball in
case cf a damaging fumble. The Stanford
freshmen should have made the score 24
instead of 12.
Eleven Stanford freshmen will wear a
b'.g white "07" on their cardinal sweaters
with just pride, for they defeated the
Berkeley baby team yesterday by as neat
nsid clean-cut a victory as has ever been
registered by either of the two big var
sity elevens. The score was 12 to 0.
.In the second half -the Berkeley men
took a wonderful brace and kept Stan
ford from scoring again. The same story
was repeated. Stanford would buck the
ball so far and then Berkeley would make
a desperate stand and get the ball only
to D»nt out of danger. Only once was
the Berkeley goal threatened, and that
was when Stephenson made his
run to Berkeley's 20-yard line. A fumble
lost Stanford the chance of scoring again
and the game ended with the ball in the
center of the field.
f The following Is the line-up and list of
officials:
California, i Position. Stanford.
GUlis-Davls.... L. E. R ...Kelley
Sweeny L. T, R True
Allen L. G. R Shaner
Haffejr Center Molrtno
Jackson R. G. L Stephenson
S^abury ,...R. T. L Butterfield
Klelnschmidt
and Mclnnis R. E. L Morrow- West
Sell Quarter .Stott
Panborn-Tweedy L. H. R....Brennan-Packtfr
Kern-Crow..: R. H. L Dole
Gabriel Fullback Weller
Referee — Rrjiert Varney. '
Alternate » I plre and lineman — John Nourw.
Peter Kaareb.'.ir. /
Stakeaien and timers — I. J. Muma, William
Blake.
With Kern out of It and. with no chance
for a touchdown themselves, the Berke
ley players forced a punting 'duel for the
reEt of the' half, in which honors were
even between Stephenson and Gabriel,
upen whom devolved the task of booting
the leather when Kern went out.
¦ Stott gave the signal, the ball was pass
ed by him to Dole, but Dole backed up
against his line and passed the leather
back to Stott ag^iin— the old double pass
trick. It worked beautifully and Stott
was dodging through the Berkeley play
ers and off toward the goal for a touch
down, before the blue and gold men had
rubbed the sand out of their eyes. Again
Dole kicked the goal. Score, 12 to 0.
•TJ. C. -TAKES A BBACE.
Twice Kern tried the Stanford line and
once Tweedy did so, but it was like bat
tering against boiler iron. Kern had to
kick down to Stephenson on the fifty
yard Jlne. Then Stanford began firing
Weller and Brannan through tackles and
circling Dole about Gillis, Berkeley's left
end, until the whole fifty yards had been
bucked through and Dole had slid over
the line for a touchdown just seven min
utes after the first whistle was sounded.
Dole kicked the goal; score, 6 to 0.
Kern started the ball again by kicking
out of bounds on the kick-off. It was
brought in to the twenty-five yard line
and there kicked back to Kern at the
center line by Stepbenson. Again Berke
ley tried to buck. Tweedy, Kern and
Gabriel were shot at Stanford's guards
and tackles to no avail and Kern was
forced to kick out again. Stephenson re
turned the punt to the middle of the field.
Then the two teams see-sawed, Berkeley
punting and Stanford bucking until the
ball -was on Berkeley's forty-seven yard
line.
There was nothing like the crowd of a
big game •which assembled on Richmond
field to see the struggle of the under
classmen. The grand stand was about
half filled by the brilliantly gowned and
beribboned feminine partisans of the two
universities, while the bleachers were
given over to the leather-lunged ones—
those who bark out doggerels to inspire
the players on the gridiron. Presidents
Jordan and Wheeler were there to look
after their boys and they themselves
came in for rounds of cheers from the
college youths. Of the old footballers
there were Hall, Kaarsburg, Franken
heimer and Spauldlng, who had come to
yell for the baby yearns.
The two teams lined up on the gridiron
at 2:40 o'clock and at the blow of the
whistle Dole kicked the ball off. It flew
out of the limits, however, and had to be
brought back. After a second kick it
flew into the arms of Kern on the ten
yard line. Kern ran It in twenty yards
before he was downed. Then everybody
waited breathlessly to see what the U.
C. freshmen could do on bucking.
BERKELEY IS WEAK.
ATTENDANCE IS SMAIi.
The young greyhounds easily held their
own with the older performers at Ingle
slde Park yesterday- and greater things
are expected of them to-day. . Irvington
Tralee, the Futurity winner, cleverly de
feated Lulu Girl, from the kennel of G.
Lacy Crawford of SU Louis. Our Motto,
another Futurity candidate, won from
Topsy Turvey. King Death, also a young
performer, defeated St. Louis Bpy hand
ily.
The biggest score of the day was in the
trial between Go On and Van Alba, when
the latter ran up 42 points to 0 for his
opponent. Jimmy Anthony and Wild
Wave were run to a standstill in their
trial.
The talent expects Cloverdale. J. E. H..
Homer Boy and Fine Fellow to be fight
ing for the coin this afternoon. The re
sults of yesterday's running with Judge
Thomas Tierney's official scores follow:
Clov«rda!e beat Queen's Motto. 8-0; Bonnie
Hughie beat Otto. 12-4; Donnybrook a bye. To.
baseo Bob withdrawn; Kittleman beat Yukon,
»-7; False Alarm tx-at Half Moon. 7-2; Llttl**
Mercy beat Vagrant, 0-3; Hoots »>eat Lazy Bob,
6-2; Duhallow beat Slievenamon. »-8; Lily
Wright beat Yelloxvtall, 14-0; Rosetree beat.
Rock and Rye, 13-3; Pofala beat Progreso, 10-2;
Van Alba beat Go Cm, 42-0; J E II beat Tyrone
Prince. «-3; Weilirewood beat Menlo Prince,
4-0; Onward Maud beat Raxtlme. 0-3; Flora
Temple beat Kuxury. <J-4; I3raw'« Hill beat
Fair Glen. 4-0; Piker beat Frank Dunn. 4-2;
Gold LJly beat Miss Shirley. 12-0; Belfast beat
I^ady Menlo, ti-2; Clobefell beat Flnoola, 7-4;
Haddlngton beat Tom Hurllck. 3-2; October
Lad beat Honor Bright. 4-2; White Stockings
beat Concord Boy. 4-0;- Homer Boy beat Maid
of the Glen, — ; Dorothy M beat Alden Girl. 7-0;
Our Myra beat Rlcnzl. 8-5; Younj Buck a bye,
Doreen withdrawn; Crockett .Boy beat Tom
6a.yers. 11-7; J. C. Heenan beat Runaway Girl.
12-0; Lord Granard beat Orslna, 13-7; Rocke
feller beat Van Xora, 4-0; Prometheus beat
Rich Argosy, «S-4; King Death beat St. Louis
Hoy, 10-1; Equator beat Advance Guard. 6-3;
Reta S beat AUy McDonald. 7-1; Cosette beat
Intruder, 5-0; Bella Lloyd beat Shadow. 13-tf;
Pepper Jack beat Mountain Poet, 14-7; Meddle
some beat White Mystery. 19-2: Hesper beat
Cascade 14-3; Yankee Boy beat Mtke Rice, 6-1:
Linda Vtfta beat Cremo. 9-1; Little Lucy beat
Rry Hubble. ,%-2 ; Jimmy Anthony beat Wild
Wave, lb-0; Royal Friend beat Beauty Gold.
S-2: Our Motto beat Topey Turvey, 9-4; Red
wood L«d beat Chuchu. 8-5; Irvington Tralee
b»at Lulu Girl. C-4; Little Plunder & bye; Com
mercial Traveler withdrawn ; Medley beat Odd
Eyes. 6-.t; Flora Belle beat Mount Ida. 6-1;
Black FluFh heat Mornlnr Glory. 13-3; Firm
Fellow beat Morella. ti-1; Pure Pearl beat
Ploughman. 6-4; White Buck beat Daylight.
20-0.
to duplicate his captain's feat, but was
stopped after a dash of nfty-nve yards.
The game was a good one to watch, but
evidently a hard one to 'play. There were
enough brilliant plays and ticklish mo
ments to keep the spectators gripping
their scats. It was fierce football and
many a player lay sprawled after the
scrimmage. To Captain Kern of the
Berkeley freshmen belongs all honor. He
went into the game with several weak
ppots in his anatomy and was put out
time after time by the fierce rushes of the
cardinal. After brief moments of semi
unconsciousness he would rise stiffly to
his feet and get into the game again, but
finally he fainted from pain and exhaus
tion and had to be carried off the field.
Kern has lots of grit.
Cardinal Eleven Puts Up
Remarkably Steady
Game.
Show Excellent Form
on the Ingle side
Field.
CALIFORNIA MEN
ARE OUTCLASSED
YOUNC HOUNDS
ARE PROMISING
SHAMROCKS TAKE WORLD'S LACROSSE CHAMPIONSHIP
AFTER A KEEN STRUGGLE WITH THE VANCOUVER TEAM
STANFORD'S BRAWNY FOOTBALLERS GIVE BERKELEY FRESHMEN A SEVERE GRILLING TO TUNE OF 12 TO 0
CRIPPLES LOSE
BY ONE TALLY
JUDGES AROUSE
MRATH AT RACES
Decision at Los Angeles
Almost Causes a
Small Riot.
Cooper Pitches in Good
Form, but Proves
Unfortunate.
If the Cripples only got Into the game
with a little more life yesterday at Recre
ation Park they, would have captured, all
the honors. As it was. they nearly turned
the trick. Their old- falling of- piling up
errors when men were on the bags was
kept up with regularity, and In the mean
time the Angels sneaked In with victory.
Score, 4 to 3.
Southpaw Cooper pitched the kind of
ball that generally wins ball games, and
with any sort of backing up he would
have buffaloed the Angels into losing.
When the Cripples did finally settle down
after the third spasm the Angel tossers
made no more runs and only one lonely
hit, in the eighth inning.
In the first round. of the game the Crip
ples threw Cooper down. Hoy was hand
ed a pass to first and Smith was safe on
an error by Cooper. Dillon lined one to
O'Hara, and the latter let the ball go
through his mitts, so the silent Hoy had
little difficulty in sauntering in.
T^ey finished up for the day in the third
round, when three tallies were accumu
lated. Wheeler and big Smith each tore
oft solid ones, and ,ere the crowd had a
< hance to think Dillon sent the_ ball on a
mad chase to center for two bags and
scored both players.
Murdock singled In the fourth for Oak
land and went around to third on a "Tex
as leaguer" from the bat of the Moose.
Wheeler then threw badly to third in an
attempt to catch Murdock. and the latter
ambled home on the error.
The big rally on the part of the Cripples
was reserved for the ninth spasm. Deve
reaux waa given a chance on an error by
Dummy Hoy. and immediately came In
when Messerly punched out a double. Old
Peter sent a single to center and Messerly
came over the pan. Just then Mosklman
hit Into a double play and it was over for
keeps. The score:
Oakland — Los Angele» —
AB. R. II. P.A. AB. R. H. P.A.
O'Hara,cf.4 0 2 4 lHoy.cf.. 3 11 2 0
Mskmn.ss.5 0 0 3 2 \Vhelr.2b 3 12 11
Schwz.2b 3 0 0 4 3 Emlth.3b. 3 112 2
Murdk.rf 4 112 0 Dillon. lb 3 1 1 10 2
Baxter.lf 4 0 2 1 OCravtferf 2 O 0 3 O
Devnc.Sb 4 10 2 2 Rou.lf . . 3 O 0 3 O
Msrly.lb. 4 118 0 Raymd.ss.3 0 0 12
Lnbmn.c 4 0 10 3Sples.c. 3 0 0 2 0
Cooper.p. 4 0 0 0 1 Newtn.p. 3 0 0 3 0
Totals 38 3 7 24 12 Totals 28 4 S 27 7
RUN'S AND HITS BT INNINGS.
Oakland O O 0 1 O O 0 0 2—3
Base hits 1 0 O 2 O 1 1 O 2 — 7
Los Angeles 1 O 3 0 O O O O x — 1
Ease hits 1 0 3 0.0001 x— 3
SUMMARY.
Stolen bases — Dillon. Murdock, Cravath. Er
rowi — Wheeler 2, Smith 2, Hoy, Cooper, Cra
vath, Schwartz. Two-bane hits — Dillon, Mes
serly. Sacrifice hit — Smith. First base- on
errors — Oakland 5, Los Angelea 1. First base
on callod balls^Off Cooper 3, off Newtoa 2.
Left on bases — Oakland 9, Los Angeles 2.
Struck out — By Cooper 0, by Newton 2. Dou
bl-s plays — Dillon to Newton, Smith to Ray
mond, Smith to Dillon. Time of game — 1 hour
3<) minutes. Umpire — McDonald.
FOUR GAMES - FOR *- SEATTLE.
Pitcher Iberg the Latest 'Victim of
the Northern ' Batsmen.
,. SEATTLE. "Wash.. Oct. 17.— Seattle made
i\ four straight to-day by hitting Iberg bard
at -the right time. Sample 'pitched his first
game In several weeks and was touched up
hard, but his support saved him. The locals
bunched two singles.' two doubles and a thre**
bagger on Iberg In the eighth and clinched
the game. The batting of Byers was the fea
ture. Score:
R TT "T*
Seattle 1 0 0 2 1 1 0 5 •— 10 14 2
San Francisco.. 0 12 0 0 0 10 1—5 16 4
Batteries — Sample and Byers: Iberg and
Leahy. v-^. ; '
PORTLAND, Or.. Oct. IT. — Francis* two er
rors at third base saved Sacramento a shut
out In to-day's gama with Portland. Both
pitchers were hit bard. Score:
"R H F*
Portland ... 2 3 0 0 0 0 1 0 •— 5 8 2
Sacramento ....0 00001 02 0 — 3 11 3
Batteries — McFarland and Arthur Anderson;
Knell and Graham. Umpire — Levy.
FACULTY GIVES ORDER
FORBIDDING FOOTBALL
Carroll College Students Will Not Ba
Allowed to Play the
Game.
CHICAGO, Oct. 17.— A dispatch to the
Tribune from Waukesha, Wis., says: Be
cause of the frequent accidents during
football practices, which resulted In five
students being injured In the last ten
days, one so seriously that he was sent
home, the faculty of Carroll College has
forbidden the game. This action was
taken after putting the question to a
vote, first of the football team«and then
of the students of the college. Failing
to secure their approval, the faculty per
emptorily ordered the football eleven to
disband for the season.
The fifth semi-annual district convention
of the school of instruction of the Degree
of Honor, the ladles* auxiliary of the An
cient Order of United Workmen, will con
vene in Odd Fellows' Hall, Haywards,
next Tuesday at 10 o'clock. The -meeting
i«« for the purpose of renewing the bonds
of fraternity, for reviewing the work of
the last six months and to devise means
for the advancement and development of
the order. Each lodge It is thought will
be fully represented. In addition to the
business portion of the affair there .will
be a social function that will relieve the
monotony of business methods.
Degree of Honor Convention.
LOS AXGEI^ES, Oct. 17.— An unfor
tunate decision rendered by the judges
at the finish of the Pasadena* stake
at Agricultural Park this afternoon
almost caused an Incipient riot. Be
yond peradventure of doubt. Blissful,
ridden by Waterbury, finishing out In the
center of ths track, defeated the favor
ite. Kenilworth. with See in the saddle, by
three parts of a length.
Taking time by the forelock, the mark
er man across tho track chalked up th«
numbers with Blissful first, he evidently
thinking the mare's victory a clean-cut
one. Then came the decision from the
stand, giving the race to Kenilworth. and
this precipitated the trouble. More than
1000 people gathered about the Ju<lge»*
stand and In an instant the occupants of
the grand stand were on their feet.
For a time it looked as if the services
of a corps of carpenters would be re
quired to repair the officials' stand, but a
sergeant and four officers* prevented any
muscular display. There was apparently
no appeasing the wrath of* the mare's
backers, for the crowd continued hooting
and Jeering, Interspersed with cries of
"Robbers." "Thieves," etc., until the
next race was called.
A like demonstration has not before
been seen on a California course. For the
benefit of the spoVt the occurrence was
moat unfortunate, but no officials are in
fallible and mistakes will happen. The
stake was worth $530 to the winner, and in
the ring Kenilworth was quoted a 9 to 20
chance. Blissful was 2 to 1, and Durbar,
the only other ctarter, 4.
See on the favorite went down fcr
wraps right after the start, his handling
of the brown horse being a case exhibi
tion. In the stretch he sat down, to f'.de.
but could not get up. Blissful reeling off
six furlongs Jn l:13\i. However. See was
too dumbfounded to see his number on
top as he returned to the stand. Then
followed v unhappy moments for the
judges, moments when they would liked
to have -b«en left alone.
Perfect weather prevailed, the track
was lightning fast and the attendance was
large. Ivy Powell distinguished himself
by piloting the last three winners. Fa
vorites were thrice returned first. There
was some semblance of a contest In the
Wlnship stake for 2:20 class trotters. Sut
ter. driven by Mastern. held sway in the
betting, but Walter Maben's superior skill
behind Zombouyette landed that mare
winner after each had captured two heats.
A mile selling event introduced the run
ners and was taken by Billy Mcore.
Chandler had the mount and hustled trie
brown gelding off In front at the start.
Both George Dewey and Flamero made a
bold bid for the purse in the stretch, the
three horses finishing heads apart on the
wire. The ring held Flamero a slight fa
vorite over Dewey.
There were but four starters in the spe
cial handicap, with Tower of Candles,
ridden by Chandler, a 2 to 3 favorite. E.
M. Brattain was not coupled with the
first choice and came next in demand at
2. Threes could be had about Colonel
Van and Cruzados, all of which figured a
book that should have delighted almost
any syndicator. Tower of Candles .was
rated in the early part of it, with E. M.
Brattain being allowed to make his own
pace. This suited the gray sprinter and
he won handily from Colonel Van In
1:13*4- The favorite was third.
El Piloto. at odds of even money,
stubbed his toe again in the three-quarter
selling race. The Miller, next in demand,
won all the way. El Piloto dropping in
second ahead of Wachusett.
George Webb's Solon equaled the track
record in the mile and a furlong handi
cap, covering the distance in 1:53. Tha
gelding was a 4 to 5 choice and, perfectly
ridden by Powell, nabbed and downed
Cambaoeres with ease. Bragg finished
third, beaten a dozen lengths. Diamanta
was away from the post' poorly. losing all
chance. Powell had the leg up on Fox
Lake in the final two-year-old dash and
won from Metlakatla with speed in re
serve. Almansor took the show. Lester
ReifC started Turtle in the event, a good
looking colt by Scorpion.
F. E. MULHOLLAND.
THE SUMMARIES.
LOS AN'GELES. Oct. 17.— Weather fine;
track fast. Summary:
One mil». selling — Billy Moore. 104 <Chand
ler). 4 to 1. won; George Dewey. 10O (I. Pow
ell). 2 to 1. second; Flamero. 109 fTuIlett). «
to 5. third. Time. 1:41%. Homage. Dwight
Way. Imrlctus and First Past also ran. '
Six furlongs Pasadena stakes — Kenilworth.
120 (See). 0 to 20, won: Blissful. 1O4 (Water
bury). 2 to 1. second; Durbar. 92 (Knapp). I
to 1. third. Time. 1:13*-*. No oth<r starter*.
Six furlongs, handicap — TZ. M. Brattain. 103
(Tj. Jackson). 2 to 1. won: Colonel Van. ftl
(Knappi 3 to 1 second: Tower of Candles, 10*
(Chandler). 2 to 3. third. Time. 1U7H- Cru
zados also ran.
Six furlcngs selling— The Miller. 114 (T.
Powell) 3 to 2. won: El Piloto. 114 (Frawley)
even second; Wachusett, 114 <C Jackson), 12
to 1 third. Time. 1:14 Vi. Frank Pearce. S.
Chrlstophtr. Penance. Bicycle and Dug Mar
tin also ran.
One and an eighth miles, handicap — Solon.
Ill (T. Powell), 4 to 5. won; Camhac«res. 100
(Chandler). 3 to 1. aecond; Brags. MM (Knapr>.
2 to 1. third. Time, 1:53. Heather Honey and
Diamante also ran.
Five furlongs. two-year-oJds — Fox Lake, 114
(I. Powell), even, won: Metlsfcatla. 111
(Chandler). 9 to 5, second: Almansor, 110
(See) 10 to 1. third. Time. 1:02. Pat Bulger.
Lusti'g and Turtle also ran.
2-20 trot, Wtnshlp Stak«a. $300t three In five:
Zombowttte (Maby) 1 2 2 1 I
Suiter (Mastin) 2 112 2
Jupiter (Hughes) 8 3 3 or
Potero (Hedges) 4 4 4 «r
Time— 2:18. 2:13\i. 2:19. 2:20',$. 2:21.
THE SAN FBANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, OCTOBER 18, 1903.
34
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ADVZBTISEMENTS.
YEARS A SPECIALIST
IN THE TREATMENT OF
MEN'S
DISEASES
DR. 0. C. JOSLEIM,
The Leading Specialist.
0 O
There can he no comparison be-
tween the ability cf the ordinary
physician and that of the trained
and scientific Ei>eciali!>t. The for-
mer. In trying to explore and con-
fer the whole Held of medicine
*nd surgery, becomes proficient in
no particular branch. The latter
conscientiously confines himself to
a F'.r.gle class of ill* ar.d masters
them. I do not scatter my facul-
ties, but I concentrate th«m alt on
c:s.-^fc. k and weaknesses peculiar
to „ tbe mate. Recently I hare
tr*st»d Brows of stubborn cases for
some cf the best men of San Fran-
cisco end vicinity, and not a fail-
ure nor an unpleasant result haa
been reported. What I have done
. tor others I can. do for you.
I wait for my fee
until you are well.
WEAKNESS
My success In curl&c those de-
rangement* commonly termed
•"weakness" has done more to ex-
tend my rpputation as a Ejieciallst
In men'« diseases than any other
thing. I was flrrt to discover the
fact that "weakness". 18 merely a
cymptorn resulting from a chroni-
cally inflamed prostate gland, and
that, to remove this inflammation
Is the only method of permanently ."
restoring lost vigor. To this day'
my system of local treatment i*
i the on!y successful one ln'use.. In
years I hare -not failed to effect a
complete cure; This is a state-
ment which cannot trotbtully ap-
ply to any other treatment being f
; employed in these cases. Of course...'
there Is aa occasional case that has
•passed Into the incurable stag*,
¦r.d these I do not treat at all. My
long exr*rience enables me to rec-
ognize them and to select -only ;
' euch cases as I can cure perma-
; nenfly.
O — — : O
O '• ;
My fees are fair, and satisfac-
tory terms can be made to suit
each patient.
o o
I also cure
Varicocele, Hydrocele,
Contracted Disorders,
Specific Blood Poison
and Keflex Ailments.
"Live AH Your
Years a Man"
My pamphlet. "Live All Your Years
a. Man." will be mailed free upon re-
quest. Consultation is free, either In
person or by msil.
DR. O.^TJOSLEN
COR. MARKET & KEARN'Y STS.
PRIVATE ENTRANCE.
702 MARKET ST.
Scrofula manifests itself in many ways. Swelling of the glands of the
neck and throat, Catarrh, weak eyes, white swelling, offensive sores and ab-
scesses, skin eruptions, loss of strength and weakness in muscles and joints.
It is a miserable disease and traceable in almost every instance to some
family blood taint. Scrofula appeared on the head of my
Scrofula IS bred in the f^Sg&h*) little grandchild when only 18 months
bone, is transmitted gpSg
from parent to child, Jw^tff we feansd she would lose her tieht. Em-
th* cowlenro -ni anted in <{? tj\ ) inent physicians were consulted, but
the Seeds are P la^ tet t^ \ iC/ ***$£ d % nothing to relieve the little in-
mfancy and unless tne -.-iV' T/g-. nocent. Jt wa » then that we decided to
blood IS curbed and pu- JgSHjW; try S. S. S. That medicine at once nade
dioou ib Fi o cu a** JT-* trnrnFmT a speedy and complete cure. She is now
nfied and every atom ol |^^jwl J a y J ounK . i ad y, and has never had a «iga
thetaintremovedScrof- T ' ' * of the BERKIjY ,
u!a is sure to develop at 1BQ South 5tn street. Salina, Kan.
S ° m N^rim^/^ua^S. S. S. as a cure for Scrofula. It cleanses and builds
„ t t e bloo d makes it rich and pure, and under the tonic effects of this
jrreat Blood Remedy, the general health improves, the digestive organs are
b \ _, strengthened, and there is a gradual but snre return
S^^ /f«*3 to health. The deposit of tubercular matter in the
joints and glandajs carried of? as soon as the blood
1^*%^ >jh^]lj Ig restored to a normal condition, and the sores, erup-
tions, and other symptoms of Scrofula disappear.
S S S is guaranteed purely vegetable and harmless; an ideal bloodi
nurifier and tonic that removes all blood taint and build* up weak constitu-J
; tions. ¦ Our physicfens will advise without charge, all who write us about
their case. Book mailed free. 4
tn THE SWIFT SPECIFIC CO., ATLANTA, GA*George F. Baehr, president of the Read,
ing Railroad, celebrated his sixty-first
birthday recently. Among the messages
he received on the occasion was this:
"You're old encuch to know better."
Resolved. That a copy of these resolutions b«
sent to Mayor Schmitz and to all the dally
papers.
The Newsboys' Union has adopted the
following resolutions:
Whereas, The Bulletin has been publishing
vile and malicious cartoons against Mayor
Schmitz, and has also published false state
ments about his attitude toward the News
boys' Union df San Francisco, and whereas.
Mayor Schmitz is and always has been our
true and loyal friend, as he has been the
friend of all the plain people; therefore be It
Resolved, That we denounce the Bulletin for
its indecent conduct toward the Mayor of this
city. We brand as a willful lie the statement
frequently made by the Bulletin that Mayor
Echmitz caur-ed any newsboy or any other boy
to be arrested: and we hereby declare that
we are all unanimously for Mayor Schmitz and
his re-election. We recognize In him our sin
cere friend, and we will use all the influence
we possess to assist him to a scond term.
Further
The Newsboys' Union.
ALAMEDA. Oct. 17— Clarence M. Moi
pant. aged 14 years, died this morning at
the home of his parents. Mr. and Mrs.
Edward D. Moisant, 1515 Everett street,
as the result cf an injury to his spine
sustained Fix weeks ago by diving Into
shallow water at the West End and
striking his head on hard, packed sand.
An operation was performed yesterday
afternoon in an effort to save the boy's
life, but he failed to recover from the
fhock. Deceased was a native of this
city and a brother of Harriet, Shirley and
Bertin ifoisant.
If. W. Rarnh'll recovered the body of
Charles McCondah from the shore of Bay
Farm Island to-day. McCondah was the
cook who was lost from, the oyster
pchooner Admiral, that turned turtle in a
hravy blow on the 9th of this month. The
vessel capsized opposite Hunters Point
and McCondah and a sailor namea Emii
Larson were drowned.
The remains were identified by William
J. Klanchard and William M. Duncan,
members of the Cooks and Stewards*
Union of San Francisco, of which the
<3«>ad man was also a member.
George Phelps, 17 years of age, who re
eides at 1733 Central avenue, had the
muscles of his right arm near the elbow
fhot away to-day through the accidental
dircharge of a gun he was removing from
a duck boat. Phelps and Andrew Fisher
had been hunting and were in the act of
disembarking at the High-street trestle
when the weapon which Phelps was tak
ing from the craft with the muzzle to
ward him went off. The youth lost con
siderable blood before receiving medical
attention.
Anderson was anxious to plead guilty
to petty larceny, but the Judge refused
and said he wanted to make an example
of him as a warning to other thieves who
wantonly destroy property for the sake
of the few dollars It would bring them.
"There must be some way of stopping
this sort of thing," said the Judge. "I
have received numerous complaints from
real estate agents of empty houses being
entered and cas fixtures and lead pipe
torn out and stolen. It seems that a
short term In the County Jail is not suffi
cient punishment, otherwise that sort of
thieving -would not be so prevalent, and
a term In the State's prison may have the
desired effect."
Clarence Anderson was held to answer
before the Superior Court by Police Judge
Mogan yesterday on a charge of burglary.
He broke Into an empty building at 895
Jackson street on October 3 and cut out
all the gas pipe and gas fixtures. He
was arrested while carrying away the
loot.
Clarence Anderson Is Held to An
swer on a Charge of »
Burglary.
THIEVES WHO LOOT EMPTY
BUILDINGS ABE WAENED
Special Dispatch to The Call.
ST. LOUIS, Oct. 17.-One of the 'worst
cards of the present season was this aft
ernoon's offerine at the Fair Grounds.
All of the events were filled to overflow
ing and, barring the field In the Laurel
stakes, the horses had little claim to
class.
The Laurel was at six furlongs and
brought together a field of fair sprinters.
There _v/as little to choose from, between
three or four of the candidates and the
public money was well scattered.
The attendance was kept down by the
cold § raw weather. The track was in
fairly good condition, though still a trifle
r.low. Summary:
FIRST RACE— Five *a4 a half furlongs, sell
ing: '
Betting. Horse, Weight. Jockey. St. % Fm.
10 to 1— Tom. Knight. 108 (George) 4 4 1 nk
7 to 2— Miss Guido, 110 (D.Austin) 5 12 1
20 to 1— LRdy Fonso. 02(H.Andersn) 3 ti 3 2
Time, .1:10. Start good. Won driving. Win
ner, W L. Hazellp's blk. g. by Faustus-rthada
mantha. Handlllo U5, Tenny Belle 100, Soson
S7, KIes Quick 10U. Mathilda 105, Chorus Boy
110, Sartor Resartus 8.1, Goudy 105. Offset 10t»,
Hoofbeat 91. also ran.
SECOND RACE — Six furlongs, purse:
Betting. Horse, Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
7 to •£ — Schawarzwald.llO (Sheehan) 9 8 1 h
15 to 1— Laroupe, 107 (Louden) 7 3 2 h
3 to 1— Swift Candle. 105 (W.Watsn)ll 5 3 2
Time, 1:17)4. Start good. Won driving. Win
ner, B. Schrieber's blk. c. by Sain- Ellen. Sar
dlan 108, D'Arcy 105. Ultra Vires 107. Nina
Fly 105. After the Ball 105. . The Scamp 105,
Lady Fisher 105, Araxes 105, Helen Tarwater
105. Howard P 105, Mamie Rcilly 105. Don Er
nesto 108, also ran.
THIRD RACE — Mile and seventy yards sell
ing:
Betting. Horse, Weight, Jockey. St. % Fin.
S to 2— Wllhelmina, 77 (Perkins).. 4 2 1 12
7 to 1 — Landola, 10-1 (Donegan) 9 9 2 nk
15 to 1— Model Monarch, , 101 (R.
Murphy) ..11 8 3 1
Time. 1:47. Start good. Won eased' up.
Winner, W.' A. McKinney's ch. f. by Flying
Dutchman-Chicora 11. King's Court' 90. Ma-
Rhonl 07, Margie S 97, Honda 77, SI Ah 80,
Cardigan 90. Decoration 80, Aransas 82, Roger
Smith 93, Susie Letcher 87, also ran.
FOURTH RACE — Six furlongs; XAUrel han
dicap. • ' ,y,».
Betting. Horse. Weight, Jockey. St. « Fin.
4 to 1— Bridge, 111 (F. Smith)..,, a 1 1 1
7 to 1— Hllee. 112 (Foley) 5 3 2«'
4 to 1— Frank Bell. 115 (Kaack).. 1'- 4 3 20
Time. 1:14%. Start perfect. Won easily.
Winner, J. S. Bratton's b. c. by Julien-Brook
let. Sylvia Talbot 109, Pourquol Pas 87, Two
Lick VO. Rlfco ran. ' . -
FIFTH RACE — Five and a half furlongs;
selling.'
Betting. -" Horse, Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
5 tb 1— My Surprise, 105 <Matthw) 8 3 1 h
25 to 1 — Haven Run,05 (Hennessey) 6 6 2 nk
4 to 1— Sharp Bird. 118 (F. Kelly) 5 13 2
Time. .l:00Y 4 .. Start good. Won driving.
Winner. W. M. Rogers' b. c. b>' Florist-Katie
G. Lady Chariot 100. Zirl 105, Overhand 97,
Countesa Clara 105. Tempt 110, Our Llllle 87,
Phillida 97. Soufrlere 112, Aylmer .Bruce 110,
also ran.
SIXTH RACE— Seven furlong*; selling.
Betting. Horse, Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
!) to 1! — Dave Sommers, 102 (Foley) 4 3 1 \: 4
fl to 2— Quiet. 102 (D. Austin) 1 1 2 1 \(,
8 to 1— Avoid. 104 (Sayers) 2 2S8
Time, l:2S)i4. Start perfect. Won handily.
Winner, W. W. Elliott's br. c. by Hlndoo-L«ndy
Beth. Star Gazer 107. Burgoyne 105, Maverick
05. Optional 102, also ran.
SEVENTH RACE— One mile and seventy
yards; selling 1 .
Bettlnsr. Horse, Weight. Jockey. St. % Pin.
IS to n— Deer Hunter. 94 (Calvlt). 6 2 1 nk
7 to 1 — SUn*. 82 (Plunket) 6 12 1
9 to 1 — Axares. 04 (M. Johnson).. 3 4 3 3
Time, 1:4S. Start sood. Won driving. Win
ner S. B. Charles' ch. c. by Deerslayer-Geor-
Ble M. Nettle Recent SO, Tros 87, Pathos. R5,
Chickamaupa 101. The Four Hundred 90. Mili
tary 102, Varna Fonso 00, Barrica 101, aJso ran.
GUARDSMEN MUST
LOOK SOLDIERLY
United States Inspector
Wilhelm Receives
Lindecker, Company B, First Infantry,
have been accepted.
Newell Vanderbilt has been commis
sioned captain of Companay D, Fifth In
fantry and has' qualified. Since his elec
tion he has secured a number of recruits,
men who are reputed to be first-class
shots The new captain has already ar
ranged for a number of matches with
other companies. ....
The Fifth Infantry Band has been re
organized under the leadership of Band
master. Walton and the headquarters will
be at San Rafael.
Colonel Wilhelm, specially detailed as
Inspector of the National Guard of > this
State has received instructions from the
War Department at Washington and un
der these instructions It Is expected that
he will be able to bring about a better
condition of the guard than has been
known for many months past. On Tues
day next he will Inspect the First In
fantry Regiment In the - .xge-street
armory and the place he will next visit
will bo Oakland, where he will Inspect the
two companies of the Fifth Infantry of
that city and the company of Alameda of
the same regiment.
BAUER SUCCEEDS NERNEY.
Captain Thomas A. Nerney, Naval
Militia, National Guard of California, at
his own request, has been placed on the
retired list. An election . was held last
night In the rooms of the San Francisco
Club in the Claus Spreckels building for
his successor. There were present officers
of the divisions at San Francisco, Eureka,
Santa Cruz, Santa Barbara, Los Angeles
and San Diego. Commander George W.
Bauer who, for some time past, has been
second In rank in the Naval Militia, was
the unanimous .choice for captain, which
in the navy is equal .to the rank of colonel
In the army.
The new captain of the militia Is promi
nent In business, social/military and fra
ternal circles. He Is vice president of
-The recent criticisms of the National
Guard of California by Colonel' Koster,
while they" have been adversely comment
ed upon by many of the organizations,
have had an effect— that of arousing the
many company commanders and making
them a little more attentive to the duties
Imposed upon them. Each how expresses
a determination to put his command in a
condition by the time the next Inspection
is held eo that praise shall follow cen
sure. To accomplish this result will re
quire a great deal of time and close at
tention, as well as a brushing up of the
common duties of the enlisted men and a
change from slouchy to soldierly appear
ance.
One matter that has been severely com
mented upon and has had a tendency to
make the members of the guard look un
soldierly is that of the uniforms that are
furnished' to the men. While it is admit
ted that shop-made uniforms, made ac
cording to specific Blzes, are not expect
ed to lit like custom-made goods, It Is
contended that the regimental tailor can
alter such so. as to make them present
able and give the men a chance to appear
o little better. than scarecrows. Neatness
In. uniforms will hereafter be one of the
matters that will be insisted upon. 'X:'i
John "W. F. Diss having been appointed
colonel and engineer on the staff of the
commander in chief, | Herrell Benjamin
Thomas has been appointed major and
brigade Inspector of tho First Brigade.
Lieutenant Harry F. McGurren, bat
talion adjutant of the First Infantry, has
been honorably discharged from the ser
vice. Frederick Alfred Marriott has been
commissloned~lieutcnant to succeed him.
OFFICERS COMMISSIONED.
The following. named have been com
missioned:
Second Infantry — Edwin Henry . Harvey,
first lieutenant and Inspector of riflo practice;
John Frederick Sherburn, first lieutenant;
Samuel Luke Howe, second lieutenant; Wil
liam Henry White, captain; Joseph Oervls
Garthaffner. first lieutenant. Company A;
Joseph Francisco Burk, second lieutenant, Com
pany A; Loyal Chauncey Moore, captain;
Frank Free Canon, first lieutenant. Company
E; William Wesley Martin,, second lieutenant.
Company E; William Henry Hall, first lieu
tenant. Company I. ,
Fifth Infantry — Hans Peter Johansen, sec
ond lieutenant. Company F.
Sixth Infantry— Richard Keith' Whitmore.
lieutenant colonel, vice Grant, deceased; David
William Morris, vice Whltmore, promoted:
Lucien C. Beer, captain: Charles Donald Swan,
first lieutenant. Company A; Arthur Stephens
Edwards, second lieutenant. Company A: Wil
liam Coughlin Grove, captain; .Walter Edwin
Garrison, first lieutenant, Company D; John
Madison Walthall, second lieutenant. Com
pany D
Seventh Infantry— Charles David Williamson,
captain and chaplain; Walter Charles- Smith,
second lieutenant. Company H.
Sanitary Corps — Oscar Crosby Hyde, captain
and assistant surgeon, vice St: Sure, and as
signed to the staff of the commanding. officer
of the Fifth Infantry.
The resignations of First Lieutenant F.
J. Driscoll, Company H, First Infantry;
First Lieutenant Clement R. Arques, Fifth
Infantry; Commander Randolph H. Miner,
staff of commander in chief, and Charles
DIVE IS CAUSE
OF BOY'S DEATH
Special Dispatch to The CalL
BRIGHTON BEACH RACETRACK.
Oct. 17.— The best card of the meeting
was offered this afternoon and, despite
' the bad weather, a big- crowd Journeyed
-to the 6ea«lde track. Rain during the
night and :o-day did net affect the track
very rnuch. The features of the day were'
the Produce stakes for flllles and the
Wave Handicap at a mile and a sixteenth.
The fields were good In nearly all of the
events and but few horses were with
drawn, flve being scratched in the handi
cap.
.The opening event, a hurdle race, was
very easy for the favorite, Enrlght, which
took the lead at the start and raced out
in front cf the others all the way, win
ning puiled up by twenty lengths. Gib
eon Light beat The Rival a length for the
place. Summary;
FIRST RACE — One and three-quarter miles;
hurdle handicap, over seven hurdle*:
Betting. Horse, Weight. Jockey. St. Si Fin.
a to 5 — Er.ri£ht. Vi* (Donohue).. 1 1 1 20
:« to S — Gib. Ught, 136 (Sanger).. 2 2 2 1
20 to 1— The Rival. 133 <Cotne:iy). 3 5 3 h
Time, 3:10 1-5. Start good. Won easily.
V.inner. J. E. Widener's b. g. by Candelma*-
Hlhelot. Ameer 147. Candling 102, Sir Ellerslle
'¦ ¦¦: also ran.
SECOND RACE — Six fur!or.cs; ir.aiden two.
vear-olds; et-llir-g:
Betting. Horse, Weight, Jockey. St. % Fin.
. 10 to 1 — Col. Bawn, ICO (Gannon). 1111
U to 1 — Gay Lothario. 112 (Burns) 5 3 2 4
?0 to 1 — Sir Carter. I'X» (Ileedfern). 3 2 3 'i
Time, 1 :1C. Start bad. Won driving. Win
ner. F. P. K«ene'e br. f. by Kingston-Ben
My Chre. Redman 10H, Berosa 112. Tower 11<>.
Gold Doroe 112. Champlaln 112, Tctness 103,
Gay Lizxette 109. Dutiful 112, Exclamation
112. Silverfoot 112. Reliance 112, also ran.
THIRD RACE — Six furlor.es; the Produce
Ftakes of JT500; two-year-old fillies:
BettiBC Hurse. Weight. Jockey. St. \ Fin.
fl to 1"— Audience. 1J1 (Odom)... 3 2 11
7 to 1 — Algonquin, 1<>6 (R^dfern) 5 4 2 3
32 to 1 — Cantaloupe. 107 (Fuller). J 1 3 15
• Time. 1:15 4-5. Start good. Wen driving.
Winner. P. Wirr.mers ch. f. by Sir Dixon-
Haliie McOI'.and. Fine Art 10S, Great Cross
ing 111. :iV • ran.
FOrRTH RACE— The Wave handicap; one
find a. Flxteenth miles.
letting. Hcrye. Weight. Jorkey. St. *i Fin.
7 to 2— Huretboume. 11." <Odom). 1 2 1 Vj .
Jfi to r.— Rcrtand. 100 (Michaels).. 7 4 2 1
l<t to 1 — Palvatrlla. 08 (Redfern)... 2 5 3 6
Time. 1 :47 4-5. Start poor. Won easily.
Winner. \V. B. L«edi.' b. c. by Indio-Flora
Hurst. Lord Bailee 07. Stamping Ground 10S,
I'-ad Nrwf Ui4. riyria 33. Highlander fiS. Lux
Onsta 112, alfo ran.
FIFTH RACE— HighwHght handicap; six
furloncF.
Hettinc. J Hrrw. Weight. .Tor*ey. St. \ Fin.
13 to ."• — Young Henry. 134 (Fuller) 4 2 1 1 '¦»
20 to 1— Mary Street IK> «. T.Jones). 7 3 2 \
7 to r>— Mf'IIi* iirant. 120 (Odom). 5 13 1
Time. 1:13. Ptart pood. Won easily. Win
ner, K. K. Thomas' b. g. by Henry Toung-
VfJamjfp. Ptep«w«jr 10.-.. Wealth US. Locket
'.'• . ::if.e L ]< 1. Silver Heels 02. also ran.
RIXTH RACE— Polling one and an eighth
BettiriK. Hon*. Weight Jockey. St. «i Fin.
11 xr> .-—Will Pirat<\ '.tS (Houbre). 1 1 1 «4
4 to l — Sheriff Hell. 10S (Fuller)., ft 3 2 4
i to I— Fame, tO fHigtriniO 5 2 3 VJ
Time. 1 :S4 "-r>. Start fair. Won driving.
}v':r.ner. K. Hurlew's b. g. by Pirate of Pen
rsru-e-Ripht Wild. Hoodwink fl.1. Nevermore
'.•2, Gavirta SS. Stonewall f«4. Medal 85, also
ran.
Time. 1:14. Start good. Won drl\-lng. Win
ner. James Arthur's ch. f. by Deceiver-Ada IV.
Bardolph 104. Miriam W 94. Henry McDanlels
97, Safeguard 101. Goodman 99, The Forum 102,
Frank Rice 104. Mso ran.
SIXTH RACE^ — Six furlongs: selling.
Betting. Hone. Weight. Jockey. St. 5» Fin.
4 to 1— Belle Mahone, 100 (Pollak) 7 2 1 h
9 to 1— Big B«n, 114 (D. Hall) 5 1 2 2
7 to 1— Stem winder. 102 (Adkins). 12 3%
FIFTH RACE: — One and three-sixtenth miles;
selling.
Betting. Horse, Weight, Jockey. St. »i Fin.
9 to 5— Bard of Avon. 98 (Philips) 5 1 1 iy,
13 to 10— Alrllght. 97 (U Wilson).. 6 4 2 U
60 to 1— Tufts. 94 (S. Bonner) 3 5 3 %-,
Time, 2:00 3-5. Start good. Won easily.
Winner, C. R. Ellison's b. g. by The Bard-
Water Lily. Dodie S 9C. Barrack 102, Mr.
Dingle 95. Old Mike 10L also ran.
FOl'RTH RACE— Six furlongs; handicap.
Betting. Horse, Weight. Jockey. St. *; Fin.
15 to 1— Gregor K. 110 (D. Hall).. 2 2 1 h
11 to 5 — Topsoil. 05 (Wilson) 4 9 2 h
7 to 1 — Satchel. 92 (S. Bonner)... 6 4 3 4
Time, 1:14 4-5. Start good. Won driving.
Winner. W. M. Hedges & Co.'a b. g. by Phoe
nix-Kola. Cyprienne 92, Stuyve 110, Father
Tallent 90, Gypiene 100, Thane 100, Muresca
102, also ran.
THIRD RACE — One and a quarter miles;
Columbian handicap:
Betting. Horrc, Weight. Jockey. St. »4 Fin.
8 to 1 — Incubator, 9(5 (Ferrell) 2 6 12
X to 5 — Potheen. 05 (Wilson) 8 9 2 1
5 to 1 — Bondajre 94 (Robblns) 1 10 3 2
Time, 2:07 1-5. Start good. Won easily.
Winner. F. B. Van Motor & Co.'s b. c. by
Ingoldshy-My Chick. Wltfull 100. Major Ttn
ny 102, Jock Ratlin 105. Havlland 106 Lady
Jocelyn 112. Dr. Stephens 102. Nitrate 106,
also ran.
SECOND RACE— Six furlongs; purse:
Betting. Horse. Weipht. Jockey. St «i Fin
1 to 2— Dick Bernard. 112 (Adktn) 4 1 1 2V>
T> to 2— CHftcn Fonye. 105 (Hall). 5 2 2 1H
SO to 1— Clangor. 1OT. (Phillips)... 3 S 3h
Time. ISIS 2-5. Start good. Won easily,
n inner. E. E. Smathers" b. c. by Florist-Ver
onica. Palm Reader 105 Diaphanous 105 al?o
ran
Dick Bernard, at odds of 1 to 2, was
the only first choice to win. The weather
was chilly and cloudy, the track fairly
fast and the attendance large. Summary:
FinST RACE— One mile; purse-
Betting:. Horse. AVeiKht. Jockey. St % Fin
« to 1— Examiner.. 07 fPhllllps).. 3 2 1%
0 to 20— Olympian 112 (Reed) .. .. 7 1 25
0 to 1-CalIant. 1C4 (Adklns) .... 1 5 3 h
a,\ , V. 41 1 " 5 - Star t strapplins. Won han-
AUy. Winner. Mrs. C. A. Wolfe & Co.'s ch.
e. by Inspector B-Great Lawn. Fairbury 109
Jane Holly 101. Bummer II 104. Firing L1n.«
104. MorenJo 01. Germany 94, also ran.
CHICAGO. Oct. 17.-F. B. Van Meter
& Co.'s Incubator, backed down a point
from 10 to 1. won the Columbia Handicap
In easy fashion at Worth to-day. S. C.
Hildreth's Potheen, one of three from his
etable t was second and Bondage was
third. The Hlldreth entry was favorite
at 8 to 5. backed from 9 to 5. Bondage
was a heavllv backed second choice at
5 to 1.
Jack Ratlin and Major Tenny set the
early pace, closely attended by Nitrate
and Havlland. At the far turn Wltfull
shot out of the bunch like a rocket and
led by two lengths at the upper bend.
Her backers exDected to see her romp
home from there, and on turning for home
she still Jed, but Pollack was usins hi?
whip. Incubator, In the meantime, had
been perfectly rated by Fcrrell back in
sixth ©lace, but when *he was set down
he ran over Witfull and was really only
cantering at tlie end, with two lengths
to SDare.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Easily Beats a Fast
Field in Handicap at
Worth.
Colt Continues to Im
prove and Beats
Pasc Ones.
Son of Indio an Easy-
Winner of Brighton
Feature.
INCUBATOR WINS
THE COLUMBIA
WAVE HANDICAP
FOR HURSTBOURNE
BRIDGE FIRST
IN THE LAUREL
EVENTS ON THE EASTERN RUNNING TRACKS
Final Cottlow Concert
The third and final Cottlow concert was
given yesterday afternoon at Lyric Hall
and from an artistic point of view was
fully as successful as the two previous
performances. Miss Cottlow was assisted
by Natorp Blumenfeld, the violinist.
Among the violin numbers was Beetho
ven's great masterpiece, the "Kreutzer
Sonata," which was beautifully rendered.
Miss Cottlow has a faculty for making
immediately a favorable impression with
her audience. Yesterday she opened with
the "Intermezzo" In A flat major by
Brahms. There was another Brahms
number, a "Berceuse" and a "Polonaise"
by Chopin, and "Etude" In G minor by
Zarembskl and two Schubert-Liszt num
bers. Mr. Blumenfeld. besides the
"Kreutzer Sonata," played the Sarasato
"Zlgunerweisen" and a WienlawBki "Ro
mance." -
With the exception of the British Par
liament the Swedish Rigsdag is the old
est legislative body in the world. The
Kingdom of Sweden has maintained its in
tegrity as far back as there Is any rec
ord.
Selections From Famous German
Composers Are Rendered and
Dancing Is Enjoyed
Th« Germanla Club's singing, section
celebrated Its fifteenth anniversary last
evening in Saratoga Hall on Geary street.
The entertainment was opened with se
lections from the famous German com
posers, which were well played by th«
large orchestra under th© direction of
Professor Hoffmann.
The principal number of the evening
was a threeract light opera, entitled "Die
Schlacht lm Teutoburger "Wald*."
The plot of the opera Is laid In the time
of the war between the Germans and Ro
mans and was presented In San Francisco
for the first time last" evening-.
At the conclusion of the opera refresh
ments were served, after which there was
dancing.
SINGING GLTJB MEMBERS
' CEI_GBBATE ANNTVEBSABY
He graduated from the university of Cal
ifornia in 1897, and while in the university
had conferred upon him the highest mili
tary honor, {hat of being commissioned
colonel of the University Cadets. He was
placed on the retired list of the National
Guard with the rank of colonel in May,
1897. He re-entered the active service in
April, ISpl, when he was commissioned
commander of the Naval Militia. He now
holds the position of commander of the
Alumni Commissioned Officers' Associa
tion, an organization composed of retired
officers of the University Cadets.
After the election last evening the new
captain was the host at a dinner served In
the club and tendered by him as a com
pliment to Captain Nerney, the retiring
commanding officer of the militia.
Lieutenant Roscoe Howard, command
ing the U. S. S. Pinta, at San Diego, was
elected commander of the militia, vice
Bauer, promoted.
At the banquet Lieutenant Carl Lindsay
was the toastmaster,,and there were re
sponses to' toasts by Captain Thomas A.
Nerney, Captain-elect Bauer, Adjutant
General Stone, Lieutenant J. McGee and
Lieutenant Thomas Harloe.
the Bauer-Schweitzer Company, Incor
porated; a member of Excelsior Lodge of
the Masons; California Chapter, R. A. M.;
California Council, R. and S. M.; Golden
Gate Commandery, K. T.; Islam Temple
of the/Shrlners; San Francisco Consistory,
A. and A..S. R. M.; San Francisco Lodge
of the Elks,* Stanford Parlor of the Na
tive Sons, member, of the American
Chemical Society, American Electro-
Chemical Society, of the Mlm Kaph Chem
istry Hour Society, the San Francisco
Club, the Deutscher Club and the' San
Francisco Merchants' Association.
THE FAN FEAKCISCO ; CALL. SUNDAY/OCTOBER 18, 1903.
35
ADVERTISEMENTS.
„ . \\\"+^ : i -- ADVEBTISEMENTS. -
tL V JlL lif^m TOi4A^IS5#iwM v4 Ibri A V IK 1
Youth, with all its pjeajures" and fire and vinvcan$fe yours.^outh is only health; it is only fresh
young manhood. Wheivypur blood is warm and your neryesjull of fire you have youth and all the"
force that goes with it. fire of the nerves.- dimmed "by dissipation and neglect, can be rekindled,
and all the sparkling vitality^ youth restored^#Get/back throldnrerthe^ld vigor, and *yoii will feel
like a young man again. YoiTcan do it; . 50,000. t)ther,menj)ave, and they join in the praise of that
gand DR e McLAubi^T^ !-^KTrRl(_^BELT.
It is. a wonderful renewer of the vigor^f Jmen. Its touch is thrtoL^fToOjmagnetism^SJt fills the
nerves with snap. It charges the body witfv& grandfforce of vitalizing energyTand^urns baefcfrthe
hand of time for men who have begun tofeel ojd>1)roken^'down_and feeble/ > You ougrit to read nhe
letters from these men who have found their salvation inTt> They are full ofJjrbpzAo tfie manfwrio
has begun to think that his face is run^D^Mf Ilaughlin wii[sendjhem to y6u'if Va you will ask fortKem. 1
They are sent with his beautiful illustrated bpok?,_which is free, sealed'By maiL —=-- '. v - . ¦¦ -*&
Are you a weak man? Have you a pain anywhere? If so Dr. McLaughlin's Electric Belt will
cure you. It will restore strength to every organ of the body " Its life-giving current removes the
cause of all pains. Call and see it .if you candor get the book— both free.
L I have perfected a new Belt, better and stronger than I have ever made before, a Belt which will transform the weakest, pu-
niest specimen of "half-man" into a perfect cyclone of strength, and I want every man to use it. I want a test case. Therefore I
offer $1000 in gold to any weak man who will use this Belt under my direction for four months and then show by examination of
any reputable physician that he is not cured, sound and well. -^ J
This is especially directed to men who have doctored for years without benefit. I want men with Rheumatism, Pains in the
back, Weak Kidneys, Sciatica, Lumbago, Varicocele, Prostatic Trouble (I cure by a new method), Locomotor Ataxia, Torpid Liver,
Indigestion^ and Dyspepsia. All of these troubles in chronic form I can cure with this new Belt, even after all other treatments
have failed, as I have cured these men:
Mr. Abraham Spady, Alcatraz, Cal., writes: "I have given your Belt a fair trial with results far beyond my greatest anticipa-
tion. I am cured of all my former ailments, and extend you my heartfelt gratitude for what your treatment has done for me."
Mr. Emile Dore, Ivy, Modoc County, Cal., writes me: "I have had no indication of my old weakness since I have worn your
Belt, and the varicocele is yielding nicely. I am very well pleased."
Mr. L. J. Barnett, Tillamook, Or., says: "I would not part with the Belt for any money if I could not get another. I can't
praise it too highly- for what it has done for me."
To every weak, debilitated man who wears this new Belt I eive ray ELECTRIC SUSPENSORY FOR MEN WITHOUT CHARGE.
This attachment is made for the purpose of treating all special ailments of men, and assures a cure of all waste of strength, early decay and debility.
Its current is invigorating and wonderful in power.
If you can call, come and see me, and I will show you my new Belt and prove to you that it is a wonderful device. You can. feel the Rlowinsr current of
life that flows into the weakened nerves. I will show you letters from your own neighbors telling how I cured them. I have over 50,000 testimonials in the
past 21 .vears.
If you can't call, write, and I will send a book describing my new method, with letters from many grateful men and women. If you write send this ad.
and I will send the book, sealed, free. Cut the ad. out and act to-day.
Look out for the concern offering "Electric Belts free." They send nothing free, but force on you a box of cheap pills CO. D.
DR, M. G. McLAUQHLIN, 906 Market Street, IBS? San Francisco
Office Hours; 8 a. m. to 8 p. m. Sundays, 10 to I. Seattle Office. 105 Columbia Street. Los Angeles, 129 South Spring Street.
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
m/£?*§\ y?\ DR. LAWRENCE'S WONDERFUL NEW IMPROVED
wMm? vacuum developer
1 V AND INVICORATOR
tl'— gjj_ Has New Patented Perfect Diaphragm and Other Improvements. Sold *
H ' "terapj! Only by Us.
'•¦¦' 111 tiuickly Restores Loit Strength, Permanently Cures Varlcocele, Drains,
m 1 Stricture, Prematurenew and Proatatlc Troubles by a Simple and. Con-
H |1 venlent Home Treatment. •
H SI Tb« VACUUM DEVK1X5PER stimulates and energizes the nerve force
HjS ] FJ and Induces a free circulation of blood Into the debilitated parts, thus ;
M- I permanently strengthening and developing them.
_• ill SPFCIAI FftFF OFEPD In order to demonstrate and prove the merits
B/ 1 • 5r V WIAtl , rnCC Vfrcn. ot our - Vacuum Treatment we. will send the
He J Perfected \acuuin Developer free on ten days' trial and approval.
I B ' Cal1 or write for our 64 -page Illustrated book No. 6, showing the male
H IB system and explaining our serfected treatment. Sent plain sealed free.
IB ! _• Jlil ALL DISEASES OF MEN'. Contracted Disorders, etc., treated and
' H ffeLiSL curp ii^c-'iVr r s P ec lalist.<>. even when others fail.
H_*33lE_> CONSLLTATIOX FRKK and confidential, at offices or by mail. Hours J
H~ a ~*T > "^ : — » a. m. to 0 p. m. Sundays. 10 a. m. to 1 p. m. Open evenings.
|1 No Moner Required Until Cured.
H Health AnnilJinr** Co BO'Farrell .St.". near Market
-hot rtHpilalltC WO., - st... San Francisco.
. ADVEBTISEMENTS. & T ?
¦ - — . _______________
- Marquette worked diligently to open to the world the
'.. great Mississippi Valley.
The distillers of Marquette Whiskey began many years
ago the task of producing a perfect whiskey. In their product
of to-day, they have it. It costs more to produce it,, but you
pay no more than for ordinary whiskey.
CROMMES & ULLRICH, W. J. KEARNEY. Representative,
Distillers. 400 Battery Street,
Chicago, III. San Francisco. Tel. Main 536
_
M REGISTERED |
I PURE WOOL UNDERWEAR j
SPECIAL PRICE <fcK (\(\ Ulf I
. ? . TO INTRODUCE .A . C|5*J*Vr \J SUIT |
BOMBYRET-Pure Silk. UHOviW vdi 1
WE MAKB | . E
SWEATERS I fiJJJS yL l |
1 — KNITjriNBCO. |
nil 10 P. M. 60 Geary St, San Francisco, JAfter an overture by an orchestra and
vocal selections- by the Knickerbocker
Male Quartet, High Chief Ranger O. S.
Cooper, who Is president of the board of
trustees of ' Vallejo, welcomed the su
preme chief ranger to San Francisco.
There were but two candidates for the
exemplification of the work. All the can
didates arose in front of their seats when
the obligation was administered to those
at the altar and all made the solemn
promise in unison, every one in the audi
ence standing and. witnessing the pledge.
The work was well rendered and the floor
work, which presented several added fea
tures, was very favorably commented
upon. After the last of the Initiatory part
of the ceremony had been performed the
acting chief ranger gave way to the su*
preme chief to allow him to proclaim the
initiates members of the order and of
the several courts for which they had
been Initiated and to welcome them into
the fraternal organization. The work of
the team and the words of the head of
the order were loudly applauded.
Immediately after the initiation : the
doors were opened to admit a large num
ber of ladles and gentlemen who were
Invited to be present at the reception and
subsequent entertainment. -While waiting
for the termination cf the initiation they
were entertained in the large parlors with
music and song.
TAKE OATH IN UNISON.
The work of inltation was conducted by
the following named members- of the
board of deputies:
Chief ranger. G. Q. Stewart D. 8. C. n. ;
patt chipf ranuer. E N. Cameron. O. D II.
C. 41. : vice chief ranger. J. P. Murphy. II. 41. •
court deputy. R. C. Stiller. D. D. H C U •
orator. O. K. Brown. O. D. H. C. R. • record
ing secretary. E. S. Lemme. D. D. H. C R. ;
financial secretary. J. H. Mahan, ' D D I£
C. R.; treasurer. J. B. Knudson, D. f>. H. C.
R.; senior woodward, George Dow, C R •
junior woodward, F. W. Collins. D. D. H. C.
R.; wr.lor beadle. J. J. Delaney, D. D. II. C.
R.; Jnnlor beadle. E. E. Northnip, D. D H.
C. R. ; standard bearers. A. R. Ozler, j'. P.
Strlegel, C. R.; orga.ni*t. A. B. Swan; choir,
B. F. True. D. D. 11. C. R.; F. Coul#-.urst,
A. C. Lawrence, A. N. Daniels Dr. H D
Noble. - -i ¦¦-•-
After the candidates had been seated in
the several sections representing the
courts and companion courts, in which
they had placed their respective applica
tions, and the court had been opened in
due form by Deputy Supreme Chief
Ranger O. Q. Stewart, chairman of the
boxrd of San Francisco deputies, acting
as chief ranger of the degree team, the
supreme chief ranger, the high chief
ranger and other officials of the High
Court were admitted. They were pre
ceded by the Royal Foresters, who, as
they approached the altar in the center
of the hall, opened ranks and with their
glistening swords formed an arch of steel
under which the distinguished visitors
marched to the saluting point, being
escorted by High Marshal Murphy. as-
Fisted by the high senior woodward. Af
ter salutation by the visiting officers they
were introduced by their titles and brief
ly welcomed by the acting chief ranger
and then given the honors due them,
after which they were escorted to the
stage, the Royal Foresters forming a
semi-circle In the rear.
RANGERS ABE ADMITTED.
The affair was in the nature of a re
ception to Supreme Chief Ranger Oron
hyatekha, M. D., of the Independent Or
der of Foresters, who came to California
from the headquarters in Toronto, Can
ada, for the purpose of attending the ses
sion of the High Court of the order of
this State, which is to open in Stockton
next Monday. The courts of this city
and Oakland decided to greet him with
a large class of candidates, two hundred
and eighty, to let him see that the or
der is wide awake in this locality. It was
also to let him 6ee how Impressively the
work can be done by San Francisco of
ficers and in a manner that he has never
witnessed before. Supplemental ; to the
class initiation there was a programme of
entertainment and dancing by Court
Southern Heights In celebration of the an
niversary of its institution.
The hall was elaborately decorated with
the colors of the order, ferns and flowers
and the American and British flags. The
stage was reserved for the visiting of
ficial, and High Chief Ranger Cooper,
Past High Chief Ranger McElfresTi, Vice
Chief Ranger Wirching and other high
officials of the order, who were present
by invitation, and an encampment of
Royal Foresters.
The main floor of the hall, which had
been arranged as a court of Foresters,
was, until the close of the initiation, re
served for the candidates and officers of
the degree team that took part in the
ceremony, while other members of the
order were assigned to seats in the gal
lery to witness the work.
Golden Gate' Hall was the scene last
evening of on© of the most impressive
large class initiations of the many that
have been held in this city In the last two
years.
The California Women's Whist League
played its regular second Thursday game
of compass whist on the 8th Inst. for club
pins, which were won by the following
ladles: Mrs. Eugene Duffey (north), Mrs.
Cecil Dodge (south) ; Mrs. H. Relley of
Fruitvale (east), Mrs. C. C. Kinsey of
Belvedere (west). In future the second
Thursday will- be devoted to teaching of
the different up-to-date games, such as
bridge whist, flinch and others.' Mrs. ,E.
B. Grace, the president, will Instruct
members and their friends on that day,
willingly Imparting, her knowledge to
those who desire to learn those games.
Mrs. Grace has just returned from a long
sojourn la Eastern cities, where she was
the guest of many prominent clubs, and
while visiting acquired the necessary
The Irving Club has entered upon its
second year with vigor and enthusiasm.
The regular meetings are held on the first
and third Thursdaya of each month at
Utopia Hall. At the first meeting of each
month guests are invited; the second
meeting is reserved for members only.
"Current Fiction" will be the subject of
discussion for club members, while lec
tures and musical programmes will be
prepared for guests. The president, Mrs.
Bauer, and her clever assistants have
gathered much of the best talent in tho
City for future functions of the club, and
a successful winter is predicted for this
clever little organization. Much credit for
its success is due to its Indefatigable past
president and founder, Mrs. Tuttle. Th©
club is composed exclusively of members
of Irving Institute, past and present, and
the devotion -to their alma mater Is the
keynote of the club's high standing.
The. "Ladies' Society rtf the St. Paul's
German Evangelical Lutheran Church,
corner Eddy and Gough streets, will have
an entertainment and sale of fancy work
on the afternoons and evenings of Mon
day and Tuesday. October \0 and 20.
The Ladles' Auxiliary to Camp Relnhold
Rlchter will give their first ball since
their organization on Wednesday evening".
October 21, at the armory, Page and
Gough streets. The Ladles' Auxiliary Is
a society organized to assist veterans of
the late wars. The members have been
untiring in their efforts to make this
dance a success and promise an enjoya
ble time to all. -
Los Amigos Club gave a ball at the
Golden Gate .Hall on Friday last, which
proved an auspicious opening of the
club's social season. The decorations
were of a striking character, and the
music excellent. The arrnagements were
directly under the leadership of Gus Soher
and Howard Van Kirk.
During the evening a musical pro
gramme was rendered^ consisting of a
tenor solo by Garner Stenhouse, a string
trio by the Misses Bessie, Elsa" and Lucy
Fuhrer, and a contralto solo by Miss
Frances Maude Purdy.
Among the guests of the evening was
Father Dabovitch of St.. Nicholas Cathe
dral, representing tha Russian Church.
The lecture was particularly Interesting
and Instructive to. the members of the
club, as its year's work Is upon Russia,
to which at -the present time , aft - the
world is attracted.
. A large gathering of the friends of the
Clionian Club assembled on Tuesday
evening at the home of Mrs. J. R. Rob
ertson, 3426 Clay .street, to listen to a
lecture on Russia by Marsden Man
son. This lecture was illustrated by views
taken by Mr. Manson while traveling in
that country- 'In his usual pleasing man
ner the speaker .held the attention of the
audience for over an hdur.
The Daughters of the California Pio
neers will hold their monthly reception
to-morrow at Pioneer Hall. A programme
of much interest is promised. This club
has established a high reputation for hos
pitality, which is said to be direct heri
tage from the honored pioneer fathers
and mothers.
Club Parties.
Candidates Take Oath of
• Independent Order
of Foresters.
IMPRESSIVE
GLASS INITIATION
Mr. and Mrs. George Schafer announce
the engagement of their daughter, Emma,
to Charles H. Spengemann.
The engagement of Miss Minnie Offen
back, daughter of Mr. and Mrs< A. Often
back, to Abraham Shapiro in announced.
Mr. and Mrs. David Edwards announce
the engagement of their daughter Flor
ence to Benjamin M. Harris.
The engagement is announced of Miss
Hannah Hartman, daughter of Mr. and
Mrs. S. Hartman of Santa Ynez, to Isador
Goldstein. The young people will receive
on Sunday, October 25, at the residence
of her aunt, Mrs. J. Packscher, 1309 Scott
street, from 2 to 5 p. m.
• • •
The engagement reception of Miss Lu
cile V. Breslauer and Charles C. Cohen,
which has already been announced, will
take place to-day, Sunday, October 18, at
2118 Bush street.
The engagement is announced of Clem
ent L. C. Blethen, now of San Dimas,
SJexico, and formerly of San Francisco, a
son of the late C. P. Bletnen, to Elodia
E. de Valdez, daughter of Senora Carlota
R. de Valdez of Mazatlan, Mexico.
The engagement is announced of Miss
Eleanor C. Eckert, daughter of TV. R.
Eckert of the Union Iron Works, and
Charles Edwin, son of Q. W. Hume, pres
ident of the G. W. Hume Company, the
Alaska packers. Young Mr. Hum© was
a member of the class of 1903, University
of California, and a popular member of
Delta Kappa Epsilon fraternity. Since
his graduation he has been associated
with his father in business. The wedding
will occur in the early spring.
Engagements.
Weddings.
Mr. and Mrs. A. Scharowsky announce
the marriage of their daughter Meta to
Charles Diamond Chrisler on October 12,
in Vallejo.
the clubs that figured
largely Jast season 1n pleasure-giving 1 ar»
awakening, and during the coming month
many merry dances are on the cards.
If prognostications fall not we shall
see 'mobillng parties a popular mode of
entertainment during tha winter. And
what is more Joyous than a spin through
the park during our winter days— those
rare days when a tinge of cold brings
the blood to the che«k?
/sr*/\s>s/G£~t HAT with engagements,
rt fl m! prenuptlal entertain-
II I IV II ments an^ weddings,
I \liy\J/l I tno wln *®r whirl Is ncar-
ly upon us. Many, of
The number of visitors to Niagara Falls
averages 750,000 a year. , In. the year of the
Buffalo Exposition there were 3,000.000.
• Mr. and Mrs. E. Pinto announce the
barmitzvah of their son Merton at the
Geary-street Temple on Saturday, October
24. , They, .will be at home Sunday, Octo
ber 25, from 2 to 6 p. m.
Nathan Bibo has moved to 2323 Sacra
mento street, between Buchanan and
Webster. Mrs. Bibo is at home last two
Mondays.
Mr. and Mrs. Clinton Jones have closed
their home at Ross Valley for the winter
and with their family have taken apart
ments at the Colonial.
J. J. McKinnon Is down from Sacra
mento in attendance on the Masonic
Grand Lodgej and is staying at the Grand.
W. . H. Clifford, the clever young song
writer, is meeting with much success in
his new song. His one-act farce given
by the Papyrus Club, "The Artist's Re
venge," is pleasantly- remembered.
• • •
Dr. M. H. Atkins of 311 Van Ness ave
nue left for a trip to New York on the
6th inst. ;
Prior to her departure for Philadelphia
Mrs. Ben F. Kohlberg will be pleased to
see her friends Tuesday afternoon, Octo
ber 20, at the residence of her daughter,
Mrs. E. Metzger, 1978 Green street.
Miss Edith BY Martin of Salt Lake Cfly
is at the St. Denis Hotel, where she will
remain a month.
• ¦ ? *
Mr. and Mrs. A. Goldenberj of 420 Buch
anan street will receive in honor of the
confirmation of their son Arthur Sunday,
October 25.
• > •
Mr. and Mrs. Adolph Kaufiftann have
returned to the city and will reside at
2457 Scott' street
Mrs. Jessie E. McCollough of Los An
geles Is visiting her father, W. W. Stone,
president of the j James Lick Grammar
School, and her sister, Mrs. W. P. Cole.
Mrs. McCollough is accompanied by her
infant daughter, thereby completing a
household of four generations.
Personals.
Flans for Entertainment at Idora
Park for Benefit of the Cere
monial Fund.
Next Wednesday evening, October 21,
will be "Native Sons' night" at Idora
Park, Oakland, under the auspices of the
Alameda County members of the. cruiser
California launching committee, repre
sented by members of Alameda. Oakland,
Eden, Piedmont, Halcyon, Brooklyn,
Athens, Berkeley and Estudlllo parlors,
nine in all.
The committee, composed of representa-
AULMEBA COUNTY NATIVES
WILL AID THE COMMITTEE
The home of Mr. and Mrs. T. J. Spencer
at 2363 Howard street was the scene of a
pleasant gathering of friends Saturday
evening. October 3. Mr. and Mrs. Spen
cer gave a farewell party in honor of
Mrs. -Dingell, who departed for her home
in Loa'Angefes on Sunday, October 4.
Those present were: . Mr. and Mrs. T., J.
Spencer, Mr. and Mrs. J. H. Blakeway,
Mr. and Mrs. Arthur Greatrix, Mr. and
Mrs. J. M. Barrle, Mr. and Mrs. Chris
Fegan, Mr. and Mrs. J. W. Hird, Richard
Spencer, 1 Miss Gladys Blakeway and Mas
ter Frank Blakeway.
The Informal reception given by Mr.
and Mrs. Julius Joseph of Seventh avenue.
East Oakland, on Wednesday last was a
delightful affair • an«i the many friends
present enjoyed- the vocal and instrumen
tal selections prepared x for their pleas
ure. Dainty refreshments were served
afternoon and evening.
• . • » ¦ •
Mrs. P. F. Ferguson, Mrs. H. F. Graves,
Mrs. H. Damkroeger. Mrs. C. C. Moore
house, Mra. Elliot, Mrs. J. P. Jaegllng,
Mrs. T. P." Rosa. Mrs. William Koenig
and Mrs. R. W. Smith.
tives from, the Darlors of San Francisco
and Alameda counties. Is arranging ap
propriate ceremonies to attend the
launching of the flrit United States
cruiser that is to bear the name of the
Golden State, and as the expense of the
attendant ceremonies is to be borne by
the general committee the parlors of Ala
meda County are to contribute their
share of the expense.
In addition to the regular attractions at
the park there will be a grand minstrel
and vaudeville entertainment in the new
and commodious theater by the- troupe
that gave a performance In Native Sons'
Hall In aid of tha launching: fund a short
time ago. J. ' R. Knowland Is the chair
man and G. W. Frick secretary of tha
Alameda County delegation to the general
commltteee.
During the early part of last week Mrs.
George H. Newmans of 898 Fell street en
tertained a number of the ladies of the
Ladies' Auxiliary of C.'C.-of K ; T. Ex
cellent vocal and instrumental music was
rendered; after which- luncheon was
served upon tables -decorated with smllax,
sweet peas and violets. Mrs. Newman
proved a charming hostess. .Those who
were the guests of Mrs. Newman were:
Mrs. W. R. Jones, Mrs. S. A. McDonald,
Mrs. Val Schmidt, Mrs. J. F. Logan, Mrs.
E. P. Heald, Mrs. Henry Holmes, Mrs.
William Martenstein, Mrs. A. A. Badkln,
Mrs, S. L. Henderson, Mrs. Timothy J.
Crowley, Mrs. John Fraser . Mclntosh,
Mrs. J. Young, Mrs. T. Byron de Witt,
Mrs. J. F. Prior, Mrs. Hugh McJunkin,
Mrs. Mundrell. Mrs. George Wittman,
Mrs. Charles' Taber, Mrs. George Seibe,
Miss Eva Powell, Mrs. R. L. Radke, Mrs.
H. D. Nichols. Mrs. F. D. Marsh, Mra.
M. Johnson, Mrs. C. F Humphrey, Mrs.
George Haas, Mrs. G. H. Dyer, Mrs. Ada
Roxy Duncan. Mrs. H. F. Barbler, Mrs.
G. E. . Dorn, Mrs. George Bennett, Mrs.
George W. Brown. Miss M. J. Bragg,
Mrs. J. F. Fraser, Mrs. Isaac Grant, Mrs.
A. Homada, Mrs. Julius Lowe, Miss Eliz
abeth Murray, . Mrs. William Crocker,
Mrs. M. A. Wheaton, Mrs. A. M. Cox,
. The fiftieth anniversary of Mrs. Menges'
birth was celebrated at her residence, 259
Victoria street, Ocean View, Saturday
evening, October 10. The following are the
names of those present: Mrs. Menges,
O. Hilken, Miss F. Mahlman, C. Menges,
Miss S. Mahlman. C. Schmidt, Miss J.
Husing. Mr. and Mrs. G. Gray Miss A.
Yale, T. Rayner. Miss H. Mudde, E.
Burke, Miss G. Taylor, W. Toohey. Miss
A. Knadler, W. Lewfs, Miss A. Henrick,
G. Travers, Miss F. Weischeimer, Miss
A. Menses, Miss J. Schmidt, Miss K.
Hansen, C. Autagne, Miss B. Jahl, H.
Hilken, Miss E. Lewis, Miss J. M. Weber,
Miss L. Weber. Miss K. Lane, W. Sen
ner. Miss L. Hilken, H. Lewis, Miss A.
Mudde, J. D. Lane, Miss L. Hogan, G.
T. Lane, W. N. Sanderson, W. Klngsley,
G. L. Kingsley, F. Frickley, Mr. and
Mrs. R. D. Coleman. F. Leslie, J. Young,
H. Schmidt, T. Lewis, Mies W. T. Sheedy,
Mr. and Mrs. H. Hilken, Miss H. Hilken,
Miss D. Hilken, Miss F. Hilken, D. Hil
ken, Mr. and Mrs. C. Michaells, P. Miller,
G. Awbrlght, H. Randhahn, W. L.
Schmidt, Miss M. Randhahn, L. W.
Menges, Miss R. Mengeg. Mr. Mlchaelis,
Master C. Michaells, Mr. and Mrs. W.
Menges and G. Steffens.
Mrs. Thomas J. Regan entertained Mrs.
Victor Cauhape of San Jose as her guest
of honor at a reception given last Sat
urday evening. Among the guests in
vited to meet Mrs. Cauhape" were Mrs.
James Rattican, Mr. and Mrs. O'Leary,
Mrs. James Campbell of" San Jose, Misses
Sadie Rattigan, Alysee O'Leary, Maud
Campbell. Vera O'Leary, Margrete Ratti
gan, Nell Rattigan and Kate Rattigan.
Mrs. Mary Gartland Foster \^s the
guest of honor at an enjoyable informal
reception given by Mrs. George Harvey
Fairchild on Monday afternoon. Mrs.
Foster was one of the founders of the
Corona Club and more than sixty of the
ladies were present, with love and good
wishes, to speed her on her contemplated
trip East and to Europe. Miss Greninger,
Mme. Cecile, von Seiberlich and Mrs. F.
M. Fairchild were the vocalists of the
afternoon. Miss Charlotte Dorr eave a
piano solo and Mrs. Tuttle read a very
amusing selection. Mrs. Fairchild was
assisted by Mrs. E. G. Deiiniston, presi
dent of the Corona Club; Mrs. L. R. Tut
tle, Mrs. George Fredericks, Mrs. J. D.
Jessup, Mrs. W. A. Handcock and Mrs.
W. A. Johnston.
•¦• Home Parties.
The next open meeting of the California
Club, on Tuesday afternoon, October • 20.
at 3 o'clock, will be under the direction of
the department of social science. A vocal
number will be given by the talented
Madame Emilia Tojetti. Miss Jennie Mori
row Long will deliver a lecture entitled
A^Talk to Club Women." Among those
who have arranged this interesting pro
gramme are Mrs. A.V. Brown, Mrs. A.
R. Cotton and Dr. Dorothea Moore.
• • •
The monthly concert of the South Park
Settlement was given last Friday even-
Ing. The programme was in charge of
Hother Wismer, assisted by Miss Ger
trude Wheeler. The programme afforded
much pleasure to the members of the
settlement, who appreciate deeply the "ef
forts of the settlement workers toward
their amusement.
• • *
knowledge to facilitate her management
of the large and popular club over which
she presides. Visitors - will be especially
welcomed on Mondays and second Thurs
days.
THE SAN FBANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY. OCTOBER 18, 1903.
Society Events
Edward Johnson pleaded guilty to thre«
charges of burglary before Judge Cook
yesterday. He was sentenced to serve
three years in San Quentln on the first
charge, two years on the second and one
year on the third, making six years alto
gether. He was a daylight eperator. On
September 5 he entered the residence of
Mrs. Mary Cardoza. 204 McAllister street:
September S he entered the residence of
George W. Prefontaine. 630 Golden Gate
aveni-e, and September 24 the residence
of Mrs. Ida M. Whipple, 43 McAllister
Ftreet.
Daylight Burglar Sentenced.
36
COOK BOOK OFFER TO
CLOSE OCTOBER 30.
The Call's Cook Book prem-
ium offer will close on October
30, 1903, and all readers of this
paper who desire a copy of this
household treasure should not
fall to placa their order im-
mediately. . ~V
This splendid' premium will
be offered to Call subscribers at
the exceptionally' low rate of
fifty cents pcr ; copy. Out of
town orders twenty, cents .ad-
ditional to cove- prepayment of
transportation charges.
- ADVEBTISEJffENTS. _
i I V OF w^fvy^f/ H A S» 1 1
Dry Goods •^X^&B* i Company.
....H ousc Furnish i nis...
(First Floor.).
Cotton Comforters.
10 cases Cotton Comforters— Full size, filled with pure white
cotton in silkoline, tufted - ••• • $1.00
10 cases Cotton Comforters— Full size, filled with pure white
cotton, silkoline stitched $1.25
20 cases Cotton Comforters— Assorted styles, all filled with
pure white cotton, stitched or tufted $1.50 to $2.00
15 cases Fine Sateen Comforters— Assorted stylish colors,
full size, prices varying from $2.50 to $4.00
Eiderdown Comforters.
12 cases Sateen Covered Comforters— Assorted colorings
and the most novel patterns, ranging from. .$5.00 to $9.00
Woolen Comforters.
10 cases Fine Wool Comforts— In the different materials,
well filled and nice fresh patterns, upward from $5.00
White Wool Blankets!
Eastern and California Makes— A splendid offering at the
prices named for full sizes.
$4.00. $5.00, $6.50, $7.50 and Upwards.
CITY OF PARIS DRY GOODS COMPANY,
retry end StocYion Struts. Union Square.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
MRS. NETTIE HARRISON'S
LATEST . PORTRAIT^
BACK AGAIN
FROM HER
Triumphal
Tour
MRS. HARRISON has returned
from her Eastern trip, which included
visits to all .her, Eastern offices and
short stays in the principal cities.
She was everywhere , received with
the greatest favor, and her services
were enthusiastically sought after by
ladies in every walk of life. ;
This week a number of new ideas
in face treatments will be introduced
under MRS. HARRISON'S personal
supervision. 5a
I GUARANTEE my personal- office
treatment to remove
Wrinkled Skin, Decayed Muscles,
Withered Skin, Flabby Flesh,
Frecklee, - Bed Hose,
Moth Patches, >Blood Disease,
Pimples, Bed Veins,
Black Heads, Flesh Worms,
Moles, Eczema,
Warts, Blemishes,
Superfluous Hair Sunken Look, . .
"Wrinkles, railing- Hair,
Thin Eyebrows, Dandruff, .•¦•¦•'
Pnstules, ' ,, Hollow Cheeks, ' •
Disfigurements, Yellow Skin,
Pitting*, Bong* Skin. V
I REMOVE ALL BLEMISHES. .'
NO CHARGE FOR ADVICE.
SUFEBri-TrOTTS HAIB FESMAHEHT-
XiT REMOVED . BT TKS EI.EC-
TBIC NEEDLE. ABSOLUTELY
V O FAXLUBE. . . , i
MBS, 1TTIE SARSISDN;
• DERMATOLOGIST, V : ' '
140 Geary St., San Francisco
NEWMAN & I.EVINSON.
Kearny and Sutter Sts.
Our Annual Lace Curtain Sale
High-Class Goods Reduced cOtDay Vown in Trice for this Event
(Second Floor Sutter Street) /»- •'
We have done a phenomenal Lace Curtain business and a great many brokenlines have accum-
ulated in one,' two, three and four pairs of a pattern. These we are going to sacrifice to-morrow
away below their actual cost, in order to close them out quickly. A rare opportunity to secure
handsome imported curtains for parlor or dining room at a very low price.
$2.50 PER PAIR — FOR ARABIAN LACE CURTAINS SOLD REGULARLY AT $3.50 and $3.75
$3.00 PER PAIR— FOR ARABIAN LACE CURTAINS SOLD REGULARLY AT $4.00 and J4.25
$3.50 PER PAIR— FOR ARABIAN LACE CURTAINS SOLD REGULARLY AT $4.50 and J5.00
$4.00 PER PAIR — FOR ARABIAN LACE CURTAINS SOLD REGULARLY AT $5.50 and $5.75
$4.50 PER PAIR— FOR ARABIAN LACE CURTAINS SOLD REGULARLY AT $6.00 and $6.50
$5.00 PER PAIR — FOR ARABIAN LACE CURTAINS SOLD REGULARLY AT $7.00 and $7- go
• A oreat oaie 01 r. lj. u e .r» y . S t.;
$1.50 PER PAIR FOR $5.00, $6.00 and $T.OO CORSETS
Hundreds of ladies will be interested in this announcement, for this is the first time that the
genuine P. D. CORSETS have ever been offered at a price so low — They are the best French
corsets made ; none fit better, none more comfortable. The sale includes a great variety of models,
in low, medium and high busts, of finest quality Coutille, Zanilla and Italian Cloth— black q.i rn
and gray, sizes 18 to 30, sold regularly at $$.00, g6.oo and $7.00 per pair, to-morrow
MORE BLACK SILKS BLACK DRESS GOODS
(First Floor Kearny Street) -V " -| (Flrrt Floor Kearny Street)
From Our Recent Great Purchases Newest Fall and Winter Fabrics
Values Absolutely Unequaled Elsewhere At Remarkable Price Attractions
Black Taffeta, 19 Inches wide, all silk — a firm, cft 53 inch Black Cheviot, all wool, jet black; real 5Q
• good quality; real value 75c yard, at t>UC value 75c per yard, special at •*"**-
Black Taffeta, 21 inches wide, a magnificent e _ 40 inch Black Mohair Slcillian, one of this sea- _ fl
quality, all silk ; real value 85c per yard, at ODC son's favorite weaves; worth 75c yard, at %»v*w
Black PeaudeSoie, 20 inches wide, a bright, Ius- __ 44 inch Black Mistral and Momie Cloth, fine 7Q
trous silk of excellent quality* worth 95c, at. . . . 7 QC high grade all wool fabrics; value $1 .00 yd., at / m
A Handkerchief Bargain Beautiful Dresden Ribbons
(First Floor Kearny Street) (Main Aisle Kearny Street) ,
For Monday we will offer a special purchase of Q ,. ty at 25c d
more than 6000 Handkerchiefs " * ,
At 10C each — worth 15c, 20c and 25c 7h ese charming Novelty Ribbons cannot be matched
Included in this lot are : anywhere at this price. They are regular 35c and 40c
Ladies' Fine White Hemstitched Handkerchiefs qualities— all silk, 3# Inches wide— exquisite Dresden
Ladies' Colored Border Hemstitched Handkerchiefs designs, in white, cream, pink, blue, maise, nile, cardinal.
Gents' White Hemstitched Handkerchiefs navy, brown and black — suitable for neck, bodice and
Gents' Colored Border Hemstitched Handkerchiefs millinery purposes. If bought in the regular way they
New and perfect goods— all on sale to-morrow tn . could not be sold for less than 35c and 40c yard. 5 c r
at the extraordinarily low price of.;... lUC each your choice to-morrow at **»*-
Extraordinary Offering of Fine Art Linens
(Second Floor Kearny Street) ."_;.•
If ever you wished to buy handsome Art Linens at less than the regular prices, you cannot afford
to pass this. We offer to-morrow the finest of imported hand-made Point Lace Doylies, Squares,
Scarfs and Tray Cloths, in rich, artistic designs, at the following marked reduction from usual prices :
POINT LACE DOYLIES POINT LACE SQUARES POINT LACE SCARFS
35c instead of 50c 90c instead of $1.25 $4.50 instead of J6.00
50c instead of 75c $2.00 instead of $2.65 $5.75 instead of €7.00
POINT LACE TRAY CLOTHS $2.50 instead of $3.25 POINT LACE CENTER PIECES
75c instead of $1.00 $2.85 instead of $3.75 $1.00 instead of $1.25
$1.25 instead of $1.75 H-50 Instead of $5.50 $1.85 instead of $2.65
S2.25 instead of $3.00 < l $5.50 instead of $7.25 $2.00 instead of $2.75
|i Ladies' Knit- Underwear Values ||«f£|
"'""There is nothing that the season-demands in the way of undergarments that you can fail to find
here— priced as low as reliable goods can be sold for. These four exceptional values for to-morrow:
Ladles' Ribbed Egyptian Cotton Vests, high neck _ A Ladies' Fleeced Cotton Ribbed Union Suits, high * 1 oc
and long sleeves, drawers to match, each .OUC neck, long sleeves.ankle length, special at. . . ?l.£9
Ladies' Ribbed Merino Vests, high neck and long __ Ladies' Ribbed Merino Union Suits, high neck, C| __
sleeves, white or gray; drawers to match, each /DC • long sleeves, ankle length, white or gray, suit /D
Write for our New Illustrated Catalogue —We mall it Free.
ADVZBTISEMENTS.
I SIDEBOARD |
$15.95
n Solid oak; solid brass trim-
1 mings; French plate mirror;
beautifully carved; regular
$25.00; this week \
I $15.95
% ,| Indian Window Seat; just
2 the thing to decorate your
f! cozy-comer with. Either
B weather or golden tf>| AA
Q oak. This week.. tpl.UU
I CASH OB CREDIT
I You Can Buy by Either Plan
I If vou have use for a few
p remnants of Carpets or Mat-
K ting, now is your chance. We
g have a few of each left.
a Matting Remnants, vard
I I.. 12^c
a Carpet Remnants, vard...5Oc
(j Roxbury Velvets and Axmin-
« stcrs.
T. BRILLIANT
I FURNITURE CO.
8 338, 342 F»OST ST.
¦civ riAMX fx/.\: \t&*l' J6 jjmMfiK
jf/jrrsr j*MJZfr*f. WHO JP'WiJlJffJy/
i TV/V&vT yO7 v5CH/T JVVffik itJ/t^y
jxASXAt>£.£&zcrjtfCsry ox. '
sr£.o/<VAX ' srscsAt />£srosr~ <
JTAAr/OjV TJT/S W££Jt ~ CAJU OJI ,
DRJU WILLIAMS
SUPERFLUOUS HAIR
And all other facial blezolsbes are removed by
DR. and MRS. A. W. TRAVERSE, Donohue
buil&lcs. 1170 Market street, cor. Taylor, rooms
t'S-28. wit* the ei«cirtc Beadle without pain or
•car; permaaescy csaraxueed; hours 1 to 4 p.m.
l; r ''I ADVEBTISTflVTFi NTS.
f FIlR J^H
For Misses, for Children. v^^^
We have all the swell new stylP3 In all jtragiuKarTSRi&St.
the fashionable furs— Sable, Mole. Stone JGa8X3WW<6EJiKi»
Marten, Squirrel. Mink, Ermine, Black Mar- Is WbS&9?4?74^V 1
ton Sable Squirrel. Opossum. White Fox, I ¦j-'-^.-^ScffvU'Mf I
Pable Fox Isabella Fox. Russian Mink. i -ZrStinfinr[P&fc%f I
Black I^ynx and Monkey. WBftgClvCanlW. I
Won't jou come and see them? wSm?QnC^7U I
\V e promise that you will be delighted T&3EI&3X3&' F\ I
¦with their b«-auty and fair prices. • TC243cFi29^ /I i
OUR FACTORY IS WORKING OVER- l W&W »' \
TIME TO KEEP ABREAST WITH THE Hf^U V 9
DEMAND FOR THE filjsS /^\l |
Sable and Isabella BtikyP L 1
Fox Boas i^^fe
KJ^UJosr each lilljiiill
I We didn't make any mistake when *¦« «^ff^3^ ' \
thought that the clever women of San nffl itS&r ' I * '\
Francisco . would appreciate our effort* to >^"* vS^ I ~ /*
do better by them than any one else.. ? **S^s tit 'h>* •) V>.
Our Sealskin Jackets 41 / jM v \
(At $125.00 to $350.00 \*%S$ \
Are as Justly famed for their •uperior style., g> .SUCO-S^P^
superb beauty and trraceful fit as they ar* ' * C<«-<1 O CL«2S>5S™5^^'
for the protection they afford, the comfort
they Insure and the full measure of service * ' '
I that they give.Resolved, That we, members of the bar and
attorneys at law of San Francisco, rerardless
of party affiliations, take pleasure In recom
mending for the suffrage of the voters of Ban
Francisco the name of John J. Grelf for County
Clerk, and In doing so we feel that we are
recommending a man of merit and efficiency
and that his nomination was a Jutt reward
and recognition of his faithful. Intelligent,
honest and efficient services; and wa heartily
urge his support and election by the voters of
Ban Francisco, and feel certain that his ad
ministration of the County Clerk's office will
bring with It many needed reforms In that
office and will be in harmony with his pre
vious efficient service and established qualifica
tions for attention to duty and Integrity. '
Whereas, Hon. John J. Grelf has been nom
inated for County Clerk on the Republican
ticket, and his nomination was largely recom
mended by many of the practicing attorneys
of San Francisco; and- ¦ -
Whereas. The professional duties of the at
torneys at law of San Francisco bring- them
in intimate contact with the County Clerk's
office, where they have had ample opportunity
to observe the work of Mr. Grelf for the past
eleven years, the period of time of his employ
ment as deupty.and head of the judgment de
partment of that office, and where Mr. Grelf
has been retained by successive administrations
of the County Clerk's office on account of his
merit and efficiency: be it
terday in the Assembly Hall of the Mills
building to Indorse John' J. Grelf for
County Clerk.
The meeting was presided over by
Judge Hunt, who, on the motion of Edgar
Peixotto, "appointed the following com
mittee to take- active measures to further
the' candidacy of Mr. Grelf:
Judge C. W.' Slack. William Thomas. "W.
S. Wood, E. F. Heller, E. S. Pillsbury,
A. L. Morrison and Samuel .Knight.
The following resolution' was adopted:
Ancna Masquerade Ball.
. OAKU\D, Oct. 17.— The Ancna Danc
:ZS .Ojub will give a nlas<juera«ie ball at
Aicatraz Hall - on Seventh and Peralta
Ptrfcts. on Saturday evening. October 24.
Efcvefal prizes have been provided for thft
itfsl dressv-d. b^t sustained and most
original characters. The grand march
will commence* at 8 o'clock.
ALAMEDA. O< t. 17— Frank O'Brien and
Ford Samuel won »he medals offered stu
t>m debaters or the Alameda JJlgh School
r>y thp Unitarian Club, the contest being
held last night In Assembly Hall. The
ether competitors were Ralph Marx, Je
rome Politzer, Arthur Rader and Miss
Freda Dunlop. The judges were Profes
sor Martin C. Flahr-rty of the University
• oT California. Frank II. Graves and
//eorge -T. Wright.
Win Medals for Debating.
OAKLAND. Oct. 17.— The funeral of N\
W. Spaulding, ex-Mayor or Oakland and
pioneer master of Oakland Lodge No.
1SS. F. and A. M., will be held from the
Masonic Temple to-morrow at 2 p. m. un
der the auspices of the lodge of which he
was so long a member, and Oakland
Coramandery No. 11, K. T.. and Oakland
Lodge of Perfection, Scottish Rite, No. 2.
Mayor Olney has requested that all the
city officials attend the funeral.
Funeral of N. W. Spaujding.
HKEKELET. Oct. 17— Eu^ne R. HaJlett
and Ralph L«n?rnorthy of the university have
pone to Now York to represent th* California
« l.apter of Delta L'pellon at the national con
•\ontion to be held In the latter part of this
.-lo.-ith. Wfcile tn the Kan HaUett will ar
range tor th» publication of the next "Blue
and Gold." the collie annual.
l'rofessor Henry Moree Stephens 1* now lec
tt.rir.it in the southern part of the State. He
U .carrying out work In connection with the
istverattjr extern-ion plan.
Mt.t. Allir. I'utzker. the wife of Professor
mtzker. !j now In Berlin and will epend the
winter th»-rc wltb her daughter, who is rtudy
inc muMc.
Proi^secr C. I>. Cory of the university fac
ulty has }um made a report to Governor Far
or<- < ••no«.ri,ing the several patterns of voting
iruichin'-s that hatv twtn submitted to the con
rirtfratlon of tin- Onirf Executive of the State.
« "ory iids Ix-rn lnve rti^atlng; the matter of vot-
Its- niK. : .•. - for honir time.
!>rofrs«sor II. IV. Hilpard. dean of the col
;•;;,¦ of agriculture, has been appointed a mem
1 ¦•.- of the <••«. remittee to award the 125.000 for
th<? first raooreffid fcnr.ula for the maknlg
¦ of «T»-aTi of t.-.Ttar from rrapes. The prize la
b^irnt offered by the American Grape Add A«
*-orlation. It is ur.'lrrstood that a number of
:he men in tht university are experimenting;
v ith a view to rtiiiiinjj the valued formula.
UNIVERSITY EVENTS
The present scarcity of cars on the
Southern Pacific Company's system Is
causing no small concern to the lumber
mill, men in the northern . part of. the
State. Their efforts to secure much
needed cars to carry their lumber to mar
ket having failed after repeated overtures
to the railroad company, a number of the
millmen continued to operate their mills
and pile the lumber up, hoping for relief
In the near future. J;
During the last few days, however, it
became apparent to the. lumbermen that
there were poor prospects ahead for their
getting cars, and, foreseeing trouble, a
number of the big millmen decided to
shut down, which they have already done.
Yesterday It was^nnounced that the rail
road company had advanced the rates on
certain local commodities, among them
lumber, which is expected to result in the
closing of a lot more Northern California
mills. In fact, one of the prominent rep
resentatives of the lumber interests said
yesterday that the raising of the rate and
the scarcity of cars left no alternative
for the millmen but to close down.
It is supposed that the advance In the
rates Is for the purpose of discouraging,
for a time, the shipment of California
lumber and thereby permit the railroad
company to use whatever empty cars it
may secure for the shipment of other
commodities to Eastern points and also
give the company the service of addi
tional engines, of which it is greatly in
need.
EUSTIS. Neb.. Oct. 17.— Six masked men
robbed the Farnum State Bank early to-day,
obtaining (4000. One of the men waa arrest
ed and the officers with bloodhounds are on
the trail of the others.
ABERDEEN. Wash.. Oct. 17.— Mayor
West to-day received offers of help from
Olympla and Portland, but has decided
that no help is needed from outside
sources. The merchants of the town are
not bankrupt as a result of the lire and
the outlook this morning Is encouraging.
The Montesano and Hoquiam firemen
returned home to-day, as no more damage
Is expected from the fire, which fs still
smoldering in places.
After a careful inspection of the burned
district the business men of the city to
day estimated the loss at no more than
$700,000. while the insurance experts say
that it will not exceed $500,000, on which
there is about $130,000 Insurance.
The loss of life is known to be three
men, but It is not doubted that a fourth
man perished In the Mack building, In
which the fire originated.
A mass meeting of citizens was held this
afternoon to discuss a proposed ordinance
establishing a fire limit and compelling
brick and stone construction therein.
This meeting also took steps toward the
formation of a building and loan associa
tion to aid In rebuilding the burned dis
trict. The work of clearing away the
ruins has begun.
DOUGLAS, Ariz., Oct. 17.— A band of
'Vaqul braves, from the Yaqyi River col
ony in Sonora. who were being escorted
io Douglae. Ariz., for an exhibition In the
lull ring to-raorrow under guard of a
troop of rurales. engaged In a fight with
the Mexican soldiers and a bloody battle
resulted.
Two of the Yaqui* In the rear over
powered their guards, secured the rifles
and sixshooters they were carrying on
Their saddles, and opened fire. The Mex
icans outnumbered the Indians and when
the Fmoke cleared away two of the Ya
<tu[9 wire lying dead and but one of the
rurales had been wounded.
The entire party of Indian braves were
returned immediately to the reservation
en th* Yarjui River and the exhibition at
Douglas was called off.
Fpecl*: rxsr«.tch to The Call
Two Mexican Indians
Killed and a Rurale
Wounded.
Southern Pacific Unable
to Handle State Out
put of Lumber.
Aberdeen's Mayor Says
Merchants Are Able
to Rebuild.
MILLS FORCED
TO SHUT DOWN
Attorneys of City Strongly Recom
mend John J. Greif for Office !
of County . Clerk.
A large number of attorneys met yes-
PROMINENT LAWYERS
ADOPT RESOLUTION
Stirring speeches were made by Colonel
W. H. Chamberlain, D. L. Fitzgerald, W.
H. Metzner. J. J. Handley, George W.
Lewis. J. E. Barry and Henry Levison.
They said that In their various districts
the sentiment was strongly for Crocker
and the Republican ticket and all pre
dicted a magnificent victory on Novem
ber 3.
It was determined to appoint an ex
ecutive committee of seven members and
a campaign committee of twenty-five
members. The appointment of these com
mittees was left to the president, who
will report at the next meeting. The
president and secretary were .made mem
bers of the executive committee.
The Young Men's Crocker Club was
formed last night at CabriHo Hall, 414
Mason street. Four hundred of the rep
resentative business and professional men
of the city took part in the meeting and
attached their names to the roll of the
organization. Permanent organization
was effected by the election, of W. H.
Hazell as pkisldent, F. H. Dam vice pres
ident. Jesse C. Allan secretary and T. P.
Martin treasurer.
Young Men in Large Numbers De
clare for Republican Ticket.
ORGANIZE CROCKER OXTJB.
STRICKEN TOWN
DECLINES AID
Then the Mayor- went to a Labor Union
meeting at Butchers' Hall, on Eighth
street, near Folsom, and spoke for twen
ty minutes on topics that have been worn
threadbare In the present campaign.
At the Labor Union meeting the Mayor
again said that he did not favor array
ing class against class and accused his
opponents of doing such a thing. He de
clared the campaign of Franklin K. Lane
was but a subterfuge to draw votes from
the Labor party In sufficient numbers to
insure the election of the Republican can
didate. Henry J. Crocker.
Schmitz went over the familiar ground
of the teamsters' and carmen's strikes
and how he had refused to allow police
or armed deputies to be arrayed against
the strikers.
The Mayor Insisted that the Labor party
had earned a good record in the admin
istration of the city's affairs In the last
two years and It was not wise to elect
other men as an experiment to conduct
the business of the municipality, and for
that reason he aeked a re-election.
Powel Fredrick, Labor Union candi
date for County Clerk, was given a warm
reception at the Butchers' Hall. He ar
raigned the County Clerk's office and
dwelt upon the defalcations that' had
been discovered In the office. He said
that the present Republican nominee for
County Clerk was one of a crbwd that
had dominated the office for many years
The Mayor fir6t addressed a gathering
of newsboys at Scottish Hall, on Sutter
street, and the little fellows cheered the
Mayor, despite the fact that they ;xuld
not vote for him on election daj\
Mayor Schmitz was kept busy last night
canvassing for support at the coming elec
tion. He started in at 8 p. m. and fin
ished up his round of work after mid
night, addressing citizens, opening social
sessions and leading the dance at enter
tainments.
Mayor Visits Meetings, Socials and
I>ances Throughout City.
SCHMITZ IS KEPT BUSY.
Franklin K. Lane addressed the Sunset
Assembly District last night at Park View
Hall before a good-sized but apathetic
audience. , He told hW hearer* that he
was not in the fight b«causo he wanted
any gain that might accrue from tne of
fice of the Mayor, but that he
had gone into the fight because
he felt a sens* of dutv to the
city and because he wanted to save San
Francisco from an Infamous conspiracy,
He said the Republicans were playing a
crafty game, but one that would not bear
scrutiny, and he added, that the Union
Labor party was not a union labor party,
but was simply a branch of the Republi
can party.
Ruef also came In for a sound scoring
for tha part h© was playing in the cam
paign. De Young's attitude was handled
without gloves. He referred to the Chron
icle as "that organ of sweetness and
light," and Etated that that paper had In
former times complimented his manage
ment of the office he represented, but now
he was denounced for Inefficiency.
The other speakers were Judge Ca
banlss, Alexander Dodge, Alfred W.
Wehe, Judge Slogan. Edmund Godchaux,
C. W. Westerfeld, T. B. W. Leland. I* F.
Bylngton, John Connor and John Barnett.
J. P. Quigley was chairman of the meet.
Ing.
Addresses Sunset Voters and Is Re
ceived With Mild Favor.
I.ANE AT PAiBK VIEW HALL.
YAQUIS ATTACK
THEIR GUARDS
,< lub ar.d I have been a member of its com
•»iitt"e«. I have been Interested in the lm-
cut this way. I was on the com
:i:itt'-e that visited the railroad company to
c« better transportation facilities— to pet a
tyr'.t line to connect with the other line. I
>!ld these things, not because I expected to be a
aniiiJate lor Mayor, not because I hoped for
/uture reward, but because I had the Interests
<»f this community at tieart.
Now. p«-mlercien and Republicans. laboring
'There's thr man who put the strikers on
tJir Sutt*r-FTrect roaii to work on the
Ptmell-ctreet Une. That's right, because
1 was one of thorn. Three cheers for
Henry H. L.>nch, the workingmaji's
friend." This dramatic outburst created
a sensation in the hall. The voters took
•«p the excited man's signal and made
the building resound with acclaims for
l^ynch » «: 4
Mr. Lynch thanked the voters for their
kindly reception and expressed the hope
that if elerted he would give the people
n«> cause to regret voting for him. Harry
Raehr, candidate for Auditor, also re
cefved a warm greeting. He said:
As baa already been said by other speakers,
j..u have wen the Republican ticket. You
have at Us- h^ad a true business man — Henry
.1. Crocker. lApr-lau^e.) you have Just voted
f., r the -.-Miance of $lK.000,<XW of bonds and It
b.h-"w« .\cry taxMiyer to know into whose
linr.rif that m<^ney should be placed for dlstrt
lution. V' u can't place it In safer hands than
llMM of Henry J. Crocker. As for myself, you
oil know my record. If re-elected I will con
duct t'.ie business !n the same way as 'I have
la :i« r a *t. <Arp'.ause.)
• Percy V. Lorg, candidate for City At
torney, seemed to be among friends. The
greeting extended to him was an enthu
siastic one. He expressed his pleasure
V.t Feeing such a large attendance. He
paid It reminded him of the meetings held
for William McKinley, some years ago.
Joseph S. Nyland was hailed as "the
cooper" ar.d cheered by his fe'.low-work-
Ingmea. Nyland made a pleasing speech.
Dr. Thomas H. Morris, candidate for
Coroner, also received a f.ne greeting. He
told his auditors that If elected Coroner
he would give them a good, clear, admin
istration. He said there would be no mu
tilation of bodies; that no special under
taker would have the right to act for his
fVffice, and that bodies would not be re
moved from the homes unless circum
stances demanded It.
BAHBS' SON SPEAXS.
Judge G*orsre H. Bahrs Is suffering from
a eevere case of hoarseness, by reason of
his strenuous campaigning during the
past four days. His son. a bright young
lawyer, spoke in behalf of his parent and
helped win votes for his sire. He made
a ppler.did ppeech and was Interrupted
¦with hearty applause. He scored quite a
1'lt when he said: "It was last Wesdnes
<!ay when the nomination was made and
friends said Dr. Dodge was invincible.
Gentlemen, nothing human is Invincible."
General Salomon, candidate for District
Attorney, discussed national issues and
showed the importance of electing the
Republican ticket this year. He aJso toli'
<'f'his record as a soldier and private citi
zen. He said he voted for Lincoln, and ,
had always stood by the Republican r^rty j
since its inception.
Maxwell McNutt. candidate for Super
visor, made an excellent Impression.
•<Ieorge Alpers, another candidate for
r^-electlon, was given a rally by his
friends.
Henry J- Crocker slipped Into the hall
rjuietly In order not to disturb the
speaker. When recognized he was
'theered to the echo. When the applause
had subsided Mr. Crocker spoke as fol
lows:
I am probably a little late in getting out
h»re owir-g to a previous engaffemer.L. I Bup
l««; some c' the beys have been oa the stage
tella e * tern campaign lies and I am here to
: ¦ fjte them. < Laughter.) I am sorry I was
Bat h«T«- all the evt-jiinc. as I heard there was
f.:r.»U;ing doing, and if it Is to continue I
war.t to remain and see it out. (Applause.)
A great many people no doubt know that I
am somewhat of a native out this way. I
have bfen connected with the Holly Park Im
jrovernrnt Club six years — long before am
i ;i:pn t trees. I have h*-en a member of that
Continued From Page 33, Column 0.
and censured the Bar Association for in
dorsing that nominee for election.
Speeches were made by a ' number of
the Union Labor party candidates. In
cluding h.. J. Deaver, Harry A. Knox.
Frank Jewel. J. C. Williams. J. J. Furey,
G. B. Bcnham. J.-F. Buckley, W. Gal
lagher and M. W.-Coffey. • •
Mayor Schmitz al3o made short speeches
at the California Cycle Club, the Ger
man Singing Society at Saratoga Hall,
the Kthics Club at Eintracht Hall, the
Red dance at Native Sons' Hall,
the meeting of the Woodmen of the World
at Guerrero and Eighteenth streets and
at the dance given by the Woodmen and
the Druids at Apollo Hall, on Pacific
street. . ,
"The good times for the workingman,"
he said, "have always been under a Re
publican administration and they will
come more fully to and for the work-
Ingmen of San Francisco when we have
a Republican Mayor. I have known
Henry J. Crocker for many years and If
you had been a civil engineer with three
months' experience on the Board of Pub
lic Works as I have It would take a
mighty fine stop clock to record the
quickness of your decision* to vote for
him for Mayor. You can make no m}s
take In doing so."
Another meeting will be held . In the
Thirty-third District next Friday- night.
After the meeting last night Henry J.
Crocker was royally entertained as a
guest at the fifteenth anniversary of the
Germanla Club Singing Section at 840
Geary street.
A. Van der Nalllen made the last and
one of the strongest speeches of the even
ing, full of rlth and good advice to the
working-man. He quoted the advice of
noted men to labor unions to keep out of
politics. He pointed out that, having been
a workingroan himself, he came out to
voice his opinion in politics because his
interests were Identical with those of the
workingman and he wanted them to make
no mistake.
men and Democrat*. I am going to have the
votes of the people who want good government
free and unpledged. I am the man who will
eive it to you. (Applause.)
I have no interests In the government of
this city other than a pride for our greatneso
and in the hope that in the future we can
make It a city that fvery voting citizen will
have a pride to live in. .
It Is about time for the people to take hold
of municipal affairs. I am egrot let leal enough
to believe that if I am el-ct«>d I will appoint
such commissioners as will give you good re
sults. I will join my friends who are elected
and Fee to it that we have a good city govern
ment. I am for the Republican ticket from top
to bottom and I am going to vote for myseir.
\V* will get together and do all we can to give
you a good administration.
OF MISSION DISTRJCT CHEER LOUDLY
FOR STANDARD BEARER OF REPUBLICAN PARTY
THE SAN FKANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, OCTOBER 18, 1903.
37
" ADVERTISEMENTS.
B BBSBBBBBHEBBBC.BBBaSBBBHHBBiaBBIIDBHBBBBBBBBIDBB
IRUPTlJRFi
E This month we discharged, cured and happy, over twenty £j
J patients. Theywere aired without operation, pain of risk. B
¦ They did not pay a cent till fully cured. If ruptured, call and £
2 see us. Consultation is free. R
{j- FIDELITY RUPTURE CURE |
S 1344 Market Street, San Francisco./ §
BBBBBBBDBBBDE3HBBBBBBBBSBBBBHHBBBIIBBBBBBHBBBBB
AMUSEMENTS.
f*rtB IIR4.BB A m rawcisctrs
vUELU IwlsiaM leading thea*«re
TO-NIGHT,
Last Time of tha Musical Triumph,
"FLORODORA"
'SS MONDAY
MATINEE SATURDAY ONL.5T.
FIRST TIME HERE
ROBERT
EDESON
(Management HENRY B. HARRIS.)
In Richard Harding Davis'
oULUILKo
OF FORTUNE
Stage Version by Augustus Thomas.
BEST OF ALL BOOK PLAYS
150 Nights at the Savoy Theater. New York.
Third Year of Its Popularity.
WATCH T^LJSF
for i ncL
STORKS
TIV/OI I opera
II VU Li house.
(NOTE — Perton.i»*j^ir besln at 8 sharp; Sat-
urday matinee at 2 sharp.)
TO-NIGHT— Last Performanca of "CAVAL-
LERIA" and "PAGLIACCI."
NEXT WEEK!
Monday. Wednesday, Friday and Saturday
EvMilncs, Puccini's Favorite Opera,
"LA BOHEME."
Tuesday Evening — SPECIAL
VERDI NIGHT, selections from
"Aida," "Rigoletto," "Trovatore,"
"Forza del Destino," "Nabucco,"
"Traviata" and other of the Maes-
tro's great works.'
Thursday and Sunday Evenings, Saturday
Matinee. Giordano's Splendid Work,
"ANDRE CHENIER."
PRICES AS USUAL 25c, 60c, 75o
Telephone Bush 9.
rAbiFORNiir
UI TO-NIGHT." ~ )Bk3
j BT5TTER THAN EVER. If %
Eleventh Season of Enormous Success of
IN OLD KENTUCKY
New $20,000 Scenic Production. .
Stronger Company Than Ever.
QCC the Funny Pickaninnies,
OLL the Realistic Horse Race, .
the Buck and Wine Dancers.
• SPECIAL — Friday night, dancing con-
test for coast championship and purse; —
open to all comers.
| HI Rudolph and Adolph. JH I
IheatrDI
•WE TOLD YOU SO.
Crowded to the Doors Continually.
| THE PAKADERs]
The Biggest Hit We Ever Made.
The Very Acme of Perfection.
No Other Production. Like It.
Our "All Star" Cast, Including
KOLB AND DILL.
BARNEY BERNARD.
WINFIELD BLAKE.
HARRY HERMSEN,
MAUDE AMBER. ,
ELEANOR JENKINS.
RESERVED SEATS — Nights, 23c, SOo and
75c. Saturday and Sunday Matinees, 25c and
50c. Children at Matinees. 10c and 25c.
Next Play— "RUBES' ROSES."
LYRIC HALL,
119 EDDY STREET.
Otto Spamer
VIOLINIST. ¦Zr'^'\'
TWO CONCERTS.
WEDNESDAY, Oct. SI, 8 p. m. ,
SATURDAY (Matinee), Oct. 34, 3 p. m.
Assisted- by
MBS. M. S. BLA2TCHAED,
MBS. L. SMTIDEB JOHNSON and
MB. TBEDEBICK MAUSEB. •
Prices of Seats— 60c, $1. $1,50. *At Kohler &.
Chase's new store, corner Kearny and Post sts.
UBCTTTBES ANIT C0NC2BT&
STE1ITWAY HALL,
vi^jvjj- ADVEBTISEMENTS.
CUT=RATE PRICES
WE keep on selling the newest-style garments of the
season at. Cut-Rate Prices. Additional and greater
cuts in prices for the coming week.
More New Mixtures ! More New Styles !
$42.5O ENGLISH TWEED TAI- Pnt'DttA OA AH
lor suits -: l>Ul IvaLC, $OU.UU
Perfect in every detail M ignlficent quality cloth- A sixty-dollar
made-tc-order suit could not be better made o: superior In styl;.
$35.00 and $32.50 NOVELTY TAILOR SUITS In Louis XIV
2nd Cutaway Styles, 5 different p,,f D»f A (^Off A A
colors and black.. l>Ut KcltC, $£5.UU
600 STYLISH TAILOR SUITS
CUT RATE $12^2 and $15^2
Entirely new styles, new.mixtures, warranted shrunk and sponged- They are
excellent values at $17 50 and $20.00.
NOVELTY VELVET COATS at $35.00
NOVELTY SILK COATS
at ,...$10.00, $11.00, $12.50, $15.00, $20.00
NOVELTY CLOTH C0AT8
at $10.00, $12.50, $14.00, $15.00, $.18.50
FUR JACKETS, FUR CAPES and FUR BOAS
at LOWEST MARKET PRICES.
Feather Boas at Cut-Rate Prices
$ioco Quality CUT RATE. $8.00 black,
12.50 Quality CUT RATE, $10.00 natural
15.CO Quality CUT RATE, $IZ50 gray
20.C0 Quality... CUT RATE, $16.50 and
25.00 Quality CUT RATE, $20.00 mixed
1230, 1232, 1234 Market Street, near Jones.
AMUSEMENTS.
J!SS.|-Noy.-2to28|Ja.
NO SUNDAY PERFORMANCES.
Matinees Wednesday and Saturday Each Week.
OOTTLOB, MAK3C ft CO., .... s *
In Conjunction "With the Grand Opera- House Management, 'present _ j
KLAW & ERLANQER'S
- . - Stupendous Production, of General Lew Wallace's . 1 ' r« ¦
Dramatized by WILLIAM YOUNG.
Music by EDGAR STILLMAN KELLEY.
THE MOST IMPRESSIVE OF ALL STAGE PAGEANTS.
350— People in the Production— 3fiO
Prices— $2.00, $1.50, $1.00 and 75c.
Seat Sale Opens THURSDAY, October 29, at 9 a. m.
Mall orders will bo promotly attended to In the order received after the open-
Ing jot the regular sale, when accompanied by remittance. Those wishing tickets
mailed must Inclose a self -addressed envelope. Address all communications to
CHAS. F. TOWLE, Manager Ben Hur Co.. Grand Opera-house. San Francisco.
SRAhsps^ CENTRftLT"
MATINEES Belasco & Mayer, Proprietors.
TO-DAY THURSDAY. SATURDAY Market Street, near Eighth. Phone South 533.
l\j WA^ E ££ BEGINNING MATINEE TO-DAY— TO-NIGHT LAST TIMB
mATINEE TO-DAY 4J A MTflWH^HT R17T T »
HALL CAINES GREAT DRAMA. "A lUlUllllJlll DULL
. THE MONDAY NIGHT— ALL NEXT WEEK.
¦ . ¦ . _ . ,,*—.••¦ MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
y~* W W r\ § sL^ r I ¥ A \T Meredith's Famous Border Drama.
tllKlb 1 IAIN "RANCH IO"
CATHBINE C0DNTI88 A* GLORY QUATLE L k'sToCKWELL '
.8A LEE WILLARD A8 JOIN 8T0RM g ComeTy^Rofe^^D^E VrOSE,
And a Specially Selected New \ork Company. A1 j tne Central Favorites in the Cast.
PRICES— Evenings loc. 2oc. 50c. Maeniflcent Scenery! Gorgeous Stage Effects!
Matinees 15c. 25c. 50c Powerful Climaxes !
Beginning Next tundiy M»tiiee. the Music&l /tree pDIfCC Evenings 10c to SOo
C:mjdy "cPOTtiBS TCWi." IHU/Cj Matinees 10c. 15c, 25c
Extra ! Extra ! |
THE GREATEST ORGA5T1Z ATION ETEB BROUGHT TO CAIiITORITIA.
WILL Ii. GREENBATJM FBESEXTTS
...The Metropolitan Opera House Symphony Orchestra...
60 ARTISTS, CONDUCTED BY
MR. J. S. DUSS
SOLOISTS
MADAME NORDICAauSfor
MRS. KATHARiiiE FISK. Contralto. MR. NMN FRANKO, Violinist.
TUESDAY NIGHT. OCTOBER 27. THURSDAY NIGHT. OCTOBER 29.
i*j«-*P»r-.ir^Z\ c=r-»Ioist special programme.
fN \J rv 1_#1 V-« t-\ 9 OUHJisi Auspice* of Twentieth Century Music Club.
Programme Includes Novelties by Flrgt performance of a RICHARD STRAUS3
ELGAR. GOLDMARK AND HALLEN. Tone Poem. "DON JUAN."
WEDNESDAY MATINEE. OCTOBER 28. FISKand FRANKO
'•POP* COnCert In Rare Solos.
Specially for School Children and Teachers, FRIDAY MATINEE. OCTOBER 30.
SPECIAL "POP" Prices as Below. farewell Concert
FlSKandFRANKO NORDICA and FRANKO
S0l0lStS. v :V Sol0lSt3.
Beierved Seat* • S 1 - 00 - » 1 - 50 . 5 3 - 00 «** *3-°<>
Special Wednesday "Pop." Matinee Price*, 50c to S2.00. !
BOX Office, WEDNESDAY, at 9 A. M., SHEBMAW, C1.AT ft CO.«S.
SPECIAL-OAKLAND-iYlACDONOUGH
WEDNESDAY NIGHT • • . • October 28
NORDICA, Soloist. AlsoFRANKO.
jf ext ELLEBY'S ITALIAN BAND — Better Than HvtT.
The Greatest Conductor of Italy, SIONOB CHUrrABELLI.
n-KT WEEK ONLY. ' • C OBOIENCINO SUNDAY, NOVEMBER 1.
UflJ * All the Old Solol«t» and Many New Ones.
MISCELI.ANEOTJS AHUSEKtENTS. MISCELLANEOUS AMUSEMENTS.
\A/ I FAnRPATFR GRAND PICNIC AND EXCURSION. .
. W. L-C/M-rDcrv 11-n aate Athletle and Soclal Clubt
of London will lecture upon , CAMPO. Sunday. Oct. 18. 1903. steamers Frls-
"POSSIBILITIES OF HUMAN CONSCIOUS- bie and Monttcello. Boats will leave Mission-
NESS" st. wharf at 0:4.% and 11:30 a. m., 1:30 p. m.
In GOLDEN GATE HALL. 8 p. m. Adm. :5c. Admission, round trip, 90 cent*
AMxrsEMiarrs.
i — j:
I Week Commencing THIS AF- 4-
T TERNOON, October 18. £
|f A Vaudeville j
\l Carnival! |
! ' * The Renowned Musical Comedians.
I WATERBURY BROTHERS I
| and TENNEY i
, . Presenting "A COLD DAT IN JTLT." *
f WHisiUNG TOM BROWNli
.Of Hoyt'i "A Trip to Chinatown" Fame . .
f HERBERT LLOYD I
i* "Tha King's Jester." assisted br . .
* LILLIAN* LILTAN. ±
t SISTERS RAPPO f
' • Russian. Siberian. Tscherkess and * '
¦ • Cossack Dancers. ¦ ¦
; 3 CRANE BROTHERS |
MTTDTOWN MINSTRELS.
[ WALLACE BROWNLOW I
U Th« Distinguished English Barytone. 4.
. . In New Selections. . ,
:: A. P. ROSTOW j:
Original Russian Spectacular Equtlt- . ,
j . tortst. . ,
f Golden Gate Quartette ::
£ And PANXT WINFRED. Comedian*. * \
Singers and Dmncera.
¦ • Le*t Week of the E'-rojeaa Sensation. * '
iiCOLOMBINO;:
• * Impersonator and Quick Changs Artist. * \
' " Parquet, any seat. 23o; Balcony, 10o: * "
"»* Children, any part except reserved. " '
• • 10c ; a few front Orchestra Rows, r»- " '
•• served, BOc: front rows of Balcony, n- ' '
• • served, 25c. • '
M!IlIM.t.I-HiIIT.MIirW444i
UNION
COURSING
PARK
ANDREW DEAN. Jud*e. \
JAS. F. GRACE. Slipper.
To-Day, Sunday, Oct. 18, 1903
FLEET RACING HOUNDS
IN CLOSELY ¦
MATCHED OLD-TIME
ifflUfflli
Total Prize Money $1000
SPECIAL TRAIN SERVICE.
Trains leave Third and Townser.d itf. at
10:15 a. m.. 11 a. m.. 12 m. and 1 p. m.
Twenty-fifth and Valencia st». five minntea
later. Returning at 4:45 p. m. and immediate-
ly after the last course. San Mateo electiia
cars direct to the park entrance every &'*•
minutes during the day.
ADMISSION 25 CENTS. LADIES FREE.
- -- ¦ —
AT t*\ h. T7 A T"&Be!asco ** Mayer.
A I I A # A K Proprietors.
ALj\jAJLiAI\ n E- IX Price.
¦_ General Manager.
MAT. TO-DAY— TO-NIGHT— LAST TIME*
LADY BOUNTIFUL
With the Great Church Wedding Seen*. ; I
"THE BEST STOCK COMPANY
EVER AT THE ALCAZAR"
To-Morrow Night— One Week
THE COWBOY jc^,,
THE LADY I IE?
Breeaily ' Humorous. Intensely Dramatic.
Evk». 25c to 75c: Mat. Sat. & Sun.. 15c to BOo.
MOJfDAT, OCT. 2ft— -UNDER THE RED
ROBE."
ALCAZAR- SPECIAL
Friday Oct. 23, 3 P. M.
Musical and Dramatic Matinee
MRS. BIRMINGHAM.
-MISS MARY GEXEVIEVE MORONT.
Assisted by MR. WEKZEL KOPTA. vtolla-
lst. and MR. THEODORE MAN'SFELDT. ert-
11st, and .
Miss FLORENCE ROBERTS
By Courtesy of Mr. Frederic Belasco.
Special prices — Orchestra and Dress Clrcl*,
$1; Balcony 75c and 50c. Seats now on sal*.
High-Class Specialties Every Afternoon and
¦:&f : Evening In the Theater.
THE YERXAS: FREEZE BROTHERS:
TRASK AND P.OGER3: JOHN TIERNEY:
ALLAN WIGHTMAN: MAY LAMSON, AXD
NEW MOVING PICTURES.
Visit the MYSTIC MIRROR MAZ2.
: -'-* DON'T FAIL TO SEE 'i-
THh COi.O ED BABY
In the INFANT IXCUBATOR.
ADMISSION. 10c; CHILDREN. 5c——
Paian* don't pail to
1 maiW gee the beautiful
t COURT Lounging
/irifl room, the EM PIRE
aUU PARLOR, the
r i PALM ROOM, the
llTflfld LOUIS XV PAR.
ui auu LOR znd the LA .
n i 1 DIES' WRITINO
Hotels room -OAKLAND, Oct. 17.— The officers of
the San Francisco, Oakland and
San Jose Railroad Company,
which is the corporate najtne of
the new ferry system that Is
shortly to be put in operation from this
city to 8an Francisco, Invited a number
of the prominent citizens of Oakland and
the surrounding neighborhood to Inspect
Officers of San Francisco, Oakland and San Jose Railroad Company Enter
tain Residents* of Alameda County Metropolis, and, After Viewing
Work Completed on Terminal, Trip Is Made Around Bay on Ferry Boat
OFFICIALS AND CITIZENS OF OAKLAND
INSPECT NEW TRANSPORTATION SYSTEM
The Epworth Le'ague, now. 14 years old,
has 28,000 chapters and 1,500,000: members.
One thousand new chapters were added
during the last year- ;; :
The train bearing the Invited guests of
the company left P'ortleth street and San
Pablo avenue at 1:15 p. m:, and a quick
run was made to the new ferry depot,
where time enough -was given for the
guests to Inspect the depot and the sleep-
Ing apartments of the officers and deck
hands employed on the boats. At 2 p. m.
the boat started on a. trip around the bay
by way of the northern shore of Goat Isl
and and out past Lime Point to the Gold
en Gate. The return trip was made along
the San Francisco water front to a point
near tho ferry building and back on the
channel route of the Southern Pacific
ferry to tho San Francsico, Oakland and
San Jose depot.
•During the trip refreshments were
served to the guests, and on tho return
trip from the new pier the train was
stopped at the power-house of the com
pany, near the subway, to give the ex
cursionists an opportunity to Inspect the
plant and see the machinery in operation.
The excursionists arrived at Fortieth
street and • San Pablo avenue exactly on
schedule time. The trip around the'bay
consumed nearly two hours.
. Among those who enjoyed the hospital
ity of the company were:
Supervisor Joseph M." Kelly. Supervisor John
Mitchell. Councilman Edwin Meese. Council
man . I. T. Wallace. Assistant Postmaster Paul
Schafer, Judge George Samuels. Judge It. Ed
gar of .Berkeley. Captain of Poll c« Walter' J.
Petersrn and wife. Captain of Police Adelbert
Wilson and wife. Sergeant of Police H. E. E.
Green and wife. R«v. E. E. Baker. County
Clerk John P. Cook, ex-City Attorney James
A. Johnson. John T. Bell. W. E. Logan and
wife M. L. Wirts, Edward Steward, A. A.
Sawyer. Frank Lee. J. 8. Nalsmlth. ¦ N.' J. Mc-
Keon. A. J. Snyder. A. F. Kerr. E. A. Bushell
and wife, J. J.: Werner, John McDonald, R.
Jackson. George Gray. E. La. Fortune, J. J.
Jones and R. J. Montgomery.
The following officials of the company
accompanied the'guests: T't, . \
E. A. Heron,- president; F. C. Havens, vice
president and treasurer; W. -F. Kelly, general
manager; John I. Brown, • assistant ' general
manager; B; J. Taylor, secretary; F. W. Frost,
assistant secretary; E. M. Boggs, assistant sec
retary, and Howard C. Holmes, consulting en
gineer. • - .
The excursion was given with the object
of. showing the officials of the east bay
shore cities and the residents of this sec
tion what the new company had done. An
exhibition of the- rapidity with which the
boat could be handled was made, and
when oft Goat Island it was demonstrated
that within a minute the, boat could be
stopped and reversed.
' to-day the new ferry-boats, the subway
at Emeryville and the terminus of the
"various railroad systems, including that
of the Santa Fe Railroad, that center at
Emeryville.
ROME. Oct. 17. — The Pop* ' has fixed No
vember 9 as -the date for a secret consistory.
and a public consistory will ¦ be held on No
vember 12. . . ..-.I' .1 .:
A German geographical magazine points
out that it is possible for a good pedes
trian, in less than five hours, to touch
upon seven of the smaller German States,
starting at Stcinbach, la Bavaria.
Marriage Licenses.
OAKLAND, Oct. 17.— The following mar
riage licenses were issued by the County
Clerk to-dsy: Edwin II. Johnson. 24. San
Luis Obispo, and Jeannie C. Elliot. 23, San
Francisco; James Thorup, 35, and Sophie
Olson, 35, both of Suisun; William Gra
ham, 21. and Mabel Haley. 25. both of
San Francisco; Harvey E. Teuscher, over
21. Oakland, and Rachel F. Millar, over
18, San Franci3co; William F. Stecker, 26,
Oakland, and Katherine Bregers, 24, Mel
rose; Frank Thomas. 20, and Caroline L.
Wilson, 19, both of Oakland; Benjamin F.
Walker, over 21, San Jose, and Margaret
II. Humphreys, over 18, Oakland: Charles
A. Sutherland, 42, and Sarah C. Martell,
40, both of Alaraeda.
Following is the programme for music
at Golden Gate Park to-day:
"Star-spangled Banner." national anthem
United States of America (the audience is r*
•luesWHl to rise ajvi remain landing during
th« rendition of this number); march "Koko
Holo." Stlckney; overture. "Jolly Hobberg "
Suppe; waltz. "Roecs of the South." Strauss
solo for cornet, f fleeted. D. C. ttosebrook- se
lection. "Andre Chenier." Giordano; overture.
"Zampa." Herold; Hawaiian airs, Berger;
Fakeltanz ICo. I. Meyerbeer: comic tattoo.
Fahrback; selection. "Lohengrin," Wagner;
"America."
Music at the Park.
HAVANA, Oct. 17.— The two companies
of American artillery which occupied
Santa Clara and the five batteries here
boarded the United States transport Kll
patrick to-day for the return home. Prob
ably 2000 persons were' assembled at the
Punta and 2000 more at the palace. The
Americans were not greeted with much
cheering.
It was exacted that President Paima
would make a short address to the troops
but be explained that all he wished was
to see them before they -vent. He said
he wished them and thefr country pros
perity wherever they might go
President Palma Wishes Them and
Their Country Prosperity Where
ever They May Go.
AMTraTCAir ARTILLERY
EMBARKS FEOM HAVANA
Deaf Mutes — Morris, Gleason. Cumbri. King,
Curran. Sherman. Depew, Tlllman. Hortman,
Cartwrlght, Baker.
BERKELEY. Oct. 17.— A deaf and dumb
team of football players from the insti
tute in Berkeley was defeated this morn-
Ing In a hard game played Tilth Ander
son's Academy. The play was closely
contested, the only score being made by
H. Tyson of the academy, who played
right half. The six points made were
early in the game, and after that the
preparatory school boys could make no
appreciable gains on the mutes. In the
matter of weight and experience the An
derson team had a decided .advantage
over' the lads from the institute. With
more experience the mutes give promise
of making a good team. The rival elevens
were made up as follows:
Andersons — Randolph. 'Whlpple. Fay, Wells,
Dilllnghani, Forrest. Glascock, Thomas. H.
Tyaon. Goodfellow, R. Tyson.
Speechless Quarter Gives His Signals
in the Sign Language to the
Players.
'DZAr'MTJTES PLAY . < -^
AGGRESSIVE FOOTBALL
The railroad authorities here are ' reti
cent as to how the accident occurred, but
it is believed that the gravel train either
failed to see the signal or that the flag
man of the first train failed to go back a
sufllclent distance. *
The train bearing the men who were
killed and injured was made up of four
cars, two coaches m which the men were
riding and two flat cars in the rear. The
train stopped near Washington Crossing
to receive orders regarding the passing
of the regular passenger train. While the
train'- was standing on the track It was
run into from the rear by a gravel train.
The two, flatcars telescroped the two
coaches. There were about 180 men In the
two cars. As soon as the accident hap
pened the Italians became frantic and
made an attempt to do bodily harm to
the crew of the gravel train. Word was
sent to Trenton for police assistance, but
the men were finally quieted by the< fore
man.
TRENTON, N. J., Oct. 17.— Fifteen per-
Bons were killed and about forty Injured
In a collision which occurred to-day on
the Belvidere division of the Pennsylva
nia Railroad Company near Washington
Crossing. The persons killed and injured
were laborers, who were on a work train
and were on their way to work at Wash
ington Crossing to repair washouts along
the line. Fourteen bodies have been tak
en from the wreckage and one more body
is known to be under the debris. Only
two or three of those who are injured will
be permanently maimed* ¦ • ¦¦' -
As soon as the collis'ion occurred a spe
cial train was sent from Trenton with a
corps of physicians and the. dead and In
jured were brought to this city. The dead
men, with one or two exceptions, are Ital
ian laborers, who resided in this city, tho
others being colored men. ' Their bodies
were taken to the morgue for Identifica
tion.
Italian Laborers Are
Victims of Railroad
Horror.
FIFTEEN KILLED
IN TRAIN WRECK
TWO OFFICIALS OF THE SAN FRANCISCO, OAKLAND AND SAN JOSE
RAILROAD COMPANY AND SOME OF THEIR GUESTS ON THE EX
CURSION AROUND THE BAY. " , "
PARIS, Oct. 17.— At Clermont the Fer
raud statue of Vercingetorix the Gaul
was unveiled to-day and M. Combes took
advantage of It to make a great speech,
in which he condemned clericalism and
nationalism and even laid down a pro
gramme for the political season. Including
the speedy passage of the budget of 1904
during the session, which will open on
October 20, and, then, after New Year's
day, the discussion of Important reforms.
These are an educational reform, with
the object of completely suppressing the
law of 1S51 which permitted the organiza
tion of teaching by religious congrega
tions, and a financial reform, with the
object of denouncing the concordat and
separating church and state.
The Income tax is frightening all French
financiers. As to the concordat, which has
lasted a hundred years, the Idea of its
suppression affrights many persons. The
struggle between church and republic is
going to continue. This country has
finally been persuaded that the existence
of republic and that of a state church
are Incompatible.
Special Cable to The Call and Kew York
Herald. • Copyright, 1903. by the New York
Herald Publishing Company.
Suppression of the Con
cordat a Proposed
Reform.
FRENCH PREMIER
OUTLINES POLICY
Rev. H. H. Bell, D. D., will address the
men's meeting at the Young Men's Chris
tian Association Auditorium this after
noon. His subject will be "Five With
•nts." The association orchestra will ren
der the musical programia- at 2:45 o'clock.
The sermon at the 10:30 o'clock mass
this morning In St. Ignatius Church will
be preached by Rev. Father Frleden. In
the eveninr Rev. Father Forhan will de-
Hx*er the sermon.
"Gloria in Ezcelaia." from th« masa In A.
Caesar Kranck; contralto •olo. "Are Verum"
<C. H. Tebbs). Mie« Ell* V. MeCloskey; quar
tet. "O Salutarti" (LJszO: solo. "It la
Encash" (Elijah) fMendelmohn). Benjamin
Baruck; solo, "The "World of Lirnt 1 ' (Stewart).
HIsb 1*. C. Stone: quartet. "Recorfare" and
chorus; ••Lacrymosa" (requiem mass), (Mo
zart): solo. "Salve Rerlna" (Von Wilm). Miss
Camille Prank. At benediction — "O Balu
tarls" (Stevenson): "Tantum Erco" (Gluck);
"Jubilate Deo" (Stewart). Dr. H. J. Stewart,
organist and director of the choir.
At the other churches th© services will
be &¦ follows:
First English Lutheran — Morning, Rev. Wil
liam Hoskineon. D.D.. of Sacramento will
preach at the morning and evening services.
First Church of Christ (Scientists)— Morning,
"Probation After Death." Pastor, the Bible
and Science and Health, with Key to the
Scriptures.
First Congregational — Morning, "A Friend
leas Enterprise"; evening. "A Peculiar Sort
of Letter." Pastor. Rev. George C. Adams.
Third Congregational — Morning, "The Sleep-
Ing Guard*": evening, "The Old Man' a Con
science." Pastor, Rev. William Rader.
First United Presbyterian — Morning. "The
Sabbath School": evening, "The Tentmaker of
Tarsus." Paetor. Rev. William Rader.
First Cntarian — Momlnr, "What All the
"World Is Seeking." Pastor, Rev. Bradford
f ¦¦¦II!
Second TJnltarlao — "The Hearts of Great
Men." Pastor, Rev. Jay William Hudson.
The usual monthly programme of sa
cred music will be given at St. Dominic's
Church this evening. The following num
bers will be rendered:
Topics of Interest Will Be Discussed
by the Pastors of the Various
Churches.
USUAL MONTHLY MUSICAL
SERVICE AT ST. DOMHTCC'S
Charles F. Murphy, the leader of Tam
many Hall, says: "I am very well pleased
with the registration for three days. It
pclnts to a tremendous victory for the
entire city ticket."
Senator P. H. McCarren, Tammany's
leader in Brooklyn, eaya: "McClellan
will be elected, because the people are
cissatisfled with the fusion administra
tion and because the Republican party is
r.ft going to permit Itself to be disln
t< grated by being fusionized. McClellan
•will carry Brooklyn and so will the whole
Democratic ticket."
M. Linn Bruce, president of the New
York County Republican committee, says:
"The registration Indicates that the peo
ple are aroused and that the desperate
attempts of Tammany to regain control
of the city treasury will be defeated."
R. Fulton Cutting, bead of the Cltlrens'
I'nlon, says: "I believe Low will be elect
ed. I do not think it possible that the
people of this city after the administra
tion that Mr. Low has given will vote to
return to conditions which existed two
years aeo. They have too much pride in
the city and too much regard for their
own interests to Invite such calamity."
XEW YORK. Oct. 17.— The Herald prints
the views of prominent leaders of both
eldes In the great campaign for the con
trol of New York City. Both eides pro
fess the greatest confidence in the out
look.
Fpecl*! Dlnm-tei to The Call.
Tammany Leaders Say
Election of McClellan
Is Certain.
EACH CONFIDENT
OF A VICTORY
f^'.a! Dl5patch to The Call.
AVGUSTA. Me., Oct. 17.-Chauncey
Siiilman. Harvard $8, the son of James
Stillman of New York, president of the
National City Bank. Is to be married here
next week to Mi^a Mary Wight, a young
nurse, whom he met while sick with
typhoid fevor at the Harvard Infirmary-
Ilia Wight nursed him back to health
and ycung Stillman fell in love with her.
The weddinfi: will take place at St. Bar
nabas Episcopal Church. Miss Winifred
Wight will be maid of honor and E. G.
Stillman. brother of the groom, best man.
James Stillman and Mrs. W. G. Rocke
feller will be tmong the principal guests.
Young Stillman and his bride will re-
Flde in San Francisco, -where he will have
a position in the Southern Pacific offices.
Since leaving college he has been under
the guidance of J. J. Hill of the Great
Northern p.nd is working his way up In
the railroad business.
Make San Francisco
Their Home.
Happy Young Couple Will
Girl's Gentle Care Wins
Love of Chauncey
Stillinan.
BANKER'S SON
TO WED NURSE
WASHINGTON, Oct. 17.— A : cablegram
received at the State -Department from
Minister Hardy at Madrid. announces that
Spain will send a warship to; New Or
leans in connection with the Louisiana
Purchase .Exposition.
Spain to Send Warship.
Late Shipping Intelligence
OCEAN STEAMER.
NANTrCKET LIGHTSHIP. Oct 17— The
stmr La Brttagne, from Havre, for New York,
off bent at 8:10 p tu. «
SAN JUAN, Porto Rico. Oct. 17.— It was
learned to-day * that the Fortifications
Board had decided to make San Juan one
of the American fortifle'd strongholds. All
the Spanish guns which were in the for
tifications at the time the Americans took
possession have been rejected and sur
veyors to-day began planning for the
placing of modern rifles in the Morro, San
Cristobal and Escambron forts, in each
of which will be mounted four ten-inch
and two twelve-inch guns, having a range
of ten miles. The range of the present
guns is only 5000 yards.
San Juan to Be Fortified.
Same to O. C. Coppelmann, lot on XV* line nf
Lyon street, 2!) S of Sacramento. S 20:7> s by
XV 100. quitclaim deed: Si-
Mary A. and Eugene N. Frits to John W.
AIcDonald Jr.. lot on E line of Ashbury streot.
Nannie A. a Ad MorjU Mey«rfeld to Freder
ick K. Houston, lot on S line of Putter street.
20 W of L*rktn. \V 45 by S 70: $10.
Frederick K. and Mary F. Houston to An
gela G. Blldocchl. same; $J0. -
Jacob and Kate Goldberg to Guy T. Way
man, lot on S line of Jackson street. 50 E of
Octavla. E 77:6 by 8 127:3£/ *IO.
Guy T. and Stella H. dayman to K. 8.
Browne, lot on S line of Jackson street. ICO L
of Octavla. E 27 :« by S 127:SV»; $10.
Same to John F.. William J.. M. 'Alice.
Charles A and Florence O. Schrolh. lot on 3
line of Jackson street. 60 E of Octavla. E N>
b3 Jaco 1 b T iuvd'8ophla H. Brundt to Anna E.
Krafft (wife Julius C). lot on W lln« of De
vlsadero street, 103:0 N of Green. N 34 by W
Julius E. Krafft to same, same; rift.
Max Goldberg to Julia J. Morrison, lot on
N line of McAllister street. 187 :U E of Brod
crick. E 23 by N 137:8: $10. -
City and County of San Francisco to O. P.
naldwin (executor estate of William Van Alen).
lot on 8 line of Sacramento street, (B»:<ivj w
of L.yon. 8 to volnt 132:7*4. — 80 :S W Lyon.
W 8:fl. N to beginning: . . ,
Eitate of William *K. Van Alen (by O. D.
Baldwin executor) to Thomas J. Barry, lot
on W line of I^yon street. 81:7: 3 of Sacra
mento S 2fl. W 100, -8'0:<m. W 14:3%. N
2C:4»i. E 14:3*4. 3 0:0H. E 100, quitclaim
deed: $1.
SATURDAY. OCT. 17
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
485 S of Frederick. 8 28 by E 106:3; $10.
John F. Slow to Oeoriru William*, lot on W
lln*> of Shotwcll «tiv*t. CO N of Twcaty-second.
N 24 by W 122:«; $10.
City and County or Sun Francisco to TV. A.
Van- Jsr Nlenbenf. lot on N line of Twentieth
•tr»*t. 17* W of Valencta. W 31 by N 1H:
Fenllnando A. and Winifred Smack to
August tJehrlng and Frlda Hammer, lot on S
lino of Pay street. 113 E of Sanchez, E 23 by
S 114; $10.
John and Isabella Curran to Charles Sladky.
lot on W line of Eureka streat. 140 S of Seven
teenth. 9 50 by W 123; $10.
idaury and Ltlllo Gibson to V. Andreazzi. lot
on S line of Filbert street. 237:8 E of Dupont.
E 17 :« by S 57:6; $10.
JuIIa Elmqulat to Ida E. Peterman. lot on
S lino of Trhanm »trcet, 3S7:6 E of Fourth,
S SO by E 23; rtrt.
Ttrontstaiva Ilunacncwakl to Mary Rydlcki.
John F.. Martha and Teresa. Danachow^kl. lot
on SH line of Tehania street. 123 XE of Sixth.
NE 2.-V by SE 80". utft.
Timothy McSwenncy (administrator of th?
estnte of Thomas Crmnem. by J. J. Maejcinl*.
ooifcmlsMoner) to Ellen Cxinnor*. let on W lino
of Iowa street. 30 S of Twemjr-flrth. s :£» by W
ICO: »l7li.
Jaime Mi-llafilo to Jrnnt* F.. Uobert.«-n. lot
on E line of Thlrty-sevenlh nvenue. 230 X of
D utrcet. N BO by E 120; $10.
Estate or AmclU iir ICmrtia Rritt (by P. 1>- .
rirttt. administrator) to M. T. E»te». lot 9i<:>A
Gift Mao 2: ?S3. J»
Two tournament matches were played
on the Scottish bowline: rinks at Golden
Gate Park yesterday. Many bowlera and
a large crowd of spectators were present
and watched the games with Interest.
The best match was that between W. R.
Eaton and W. A. Cook3. Baton held his
opponent down until hear the end, when
Cooks won by some clever bowling. Score,
21 to 17. In the other match A. Craig, con
trary to expectations, made no showing
whatever against James Gray. The lat
ter led all the ..way and - outplayed his
opponent from start to finish. The score
was 21 to 17. Gray has been bowling
cleverly of late and will prove Mc-
Naughfs most dangerous opponent in the
upper. half.. -
In practice games G. C. Patterson and
William Watson beat H. L. Tickner and
Dr. Gunn. 21-18. Y. *C. Lawson and An
drew Wllkie beat T. C-.Altk.en and H. L.
Tickner. 21-20. J. C. Moffatt.and Alex
ander Craiff, beat James Gray and W. A.
Cooks, 21-15. James .M ears beat A. R.
Patterson;' 21-17. A. Foreman and S. Irv
ing beat T. M. "Latimer and Dr. Hamilton,
21-16. • . • ¦-¦ • :Kf
Scottish Bowlers on the Green.
PARIS, Oct. 17.— The mystery of the
assassination in her villa at Alx les
Bains last month of Eugenie Fourgerie
has been solved by . the confession of
Mme. Giriat, known in certain circles aa
"La Nublen," an Intimate friend of Mme.
Fourperle.
In her confession Mme. Giriat stated
that the crime had been committed by
her lover, Henri Has sot. The woman said
that she had long coveted the jewels of
her friend, which were valued at several
hundred thousand francs, and that she
Instigated Bassot to commit the murder.
Mme. Giriat and Bassot are under arrest.
AND INSTIGATES MUBDEH
Mme: Giriat Confesses Her Lover
Killed Eugenie Fourgeri© at Aix
Les Bains Villa.
PARIS. Oct. 17.— The Judicial Inquiry
Into the Fair will case was resumed to
day. Judge Ganneval examined the cy
clist Moranne, who claimed to have been
actually present when the automobile ac
cident occurred .which resulted In the
death of Mr. and Mrs. Charles L. Fair
In. August , of last year. Moranne
denied ; that he had made false
statements in his affidavit. The testi
mony given seemed to show that Moranne
and Maas, another cyclist, who claimed
to have witnessed the accident, did not
witness It.
Cyclist Morann© Denies H© I Made
False Statements Concerning
Tragedy ,
FAIB WILL INQUIRY
IS BESTTMED IN PABIS
Third — We feel authorized, and deem it pro
per to add. that we are satisfied from state
ments made before us by the prosecuting wit
ness during such investigation that the -charges
were made under a misapprehension on the
subjects Involved therein.
J. C. SIMMONS,
JOSEPH EMERY.
A. ODOM.
The report was hailed with much sat
isfaction by all of the members of the
conference. The result of the investiga
tion was just as anticipated.
When the report was adopted Harper
attempted to make a request that he be
restored to his church. His efforts, how
ever, were Ignored and his name was
stricken from the. roll of the conference.
Rev. M. F. Grove, pastor of the South
Methodist Church of Visalia, who was
expelled last March for marrying again
while his divorced wife was living, made
an appeal for reinstatement. The divorce
was not on Scriptural grounds. The dis
cipline prohibits marriage by a minister
of any person divorced for any reasons
other than Scriptural. Grove made an
appeal to the conference for reinstate
ment, and the following committee was
appointed to try the case: Jesse "Wood,
W. F. Coffin, J. C. Thomas, R. F. Allen.
J. L. Jones. C. C. Black, W. A. Booker,
C. E. W. Smith, C. Todd Clark and O. L..
Russell. The committee met this after
noon to investigate the matter.
Grove was sued by his wife for divorce
in the Superior Court of Tulare County on
the ground of extreme cruelty. He made
no defense and the decree was given to
the wife by default. Shortly after the
separation Grove married again, and it
was this marriage that caused his expul
sion from the church. No decision was
announced by the committee.
Tne Ladies' Foreign Missionary Society
occupied the morning session of the con
ference, and the Sunday-school anniver
sary was held to-night. I. N. Halliday of
the First Methodist Church of Oakland
and Charles' R. Fisher, State superin
tendent of Sunday-schools, were in charge
of the anniversary services.
'To-morrow will be given over to ser
mons by the various members of the con
ference in different churches In this city.
Monday will probably close the confer
ence.
The four Methodist clergymen •whose
characters were assailed by Edward Har
per, the former Centenary Church pas
tor, were completely vindicated of the
grave charges when the committee hav
ing the Investigation In charge made Its
report this morning.
When the conference opened the follow
ing Veport of the committee was read to
the assembled Methodists:
Tour committee of Investigation appointed
by the president of the conference required
by paragraph 274 of the dlsclllne to Inves
tigate charges preferred by Rev. H. C Mere
dith aralnst Revs. J. J. N. Kenney, W. O.
Wagtoner, W. E. Vaughan and J. A. Wailes
respectfully report that wa have carefully in
vestigated said charges and heard the evidence
in support thereof, and duly considered the
whole matter, and report thereon:
First— We deem the charges entirely unsus
talned by the evidence.
Second — We deem a trial of the charges un
necessary as against or as to all or any of
the said elders so accused.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, Oct. 17.
Divorced Pastor Seeks to
Be Reinstated to
¦X™-4> i JLX ? C) L'X j »
Harper's Charges Pound
to Be Without Any
. Foundation.
MINISTERS GET
A VINDICATION
THE SAN FBAN CISCO CALL, SUNDAY, OCTOBER 18. 1903.
38
t®oe©©e9®©e«o9eeoo0©o©a®eo©©o©©©eee©$«eo9©o&
I I ONE OF BRYSON'S BALLET GIRLS I
; [ REHEARSING. j
| FREE WITH NEXT SUNDAY'S GALL.
.^ui mmm .it .ml .-llui iil.iihl ¦> i ii . , -j. i.. .. ..--¦---¦- "i. .'.'I. ',"..'" ¦:-.".. ¦ "*~\"\. *?: ..... . >fl
t^^fBtty^ffJECmKjS^^'^ "^ -* ' "•""' : *v ' ''¦ >- ''•' -^ ¦•¦¦-'•3-.V : ' : "^' : i»mBBff^M^8^^^3y^T^jlrt']^T* JjjMff. • ' ' < ' ~' ¦ : '- ' ¦ ¦ jN& .' 3
I INTERESTED.
| ALL NEWSDEALERS AND TRAIN NEWS AGENTS SELL
THE SUNDAY CALL.
? ¦i-i-i-i-r- i-i-i-i-z-i-r -i i -i-i' ii-i i r-H-i n ¦M-I-M- n h 1 1 1 im-i imii m-
The Weird Elephant Spirit.
a a r^\ HUNDRED yards distant rusty masses of ironstone preceded
f I an undulation in the flat country, and toward the base of one
I "I tall block Lord Winstone descried an object which made him
JL rub his eyes with frank amazement.
"Near the foot of the rock, his back against it, and shadowed entirely
from the sun's liffht by a natural grotto in the stone, sat an enormou3
man or ape. Its stature was colossal, though smaller bv far than
the natives of Mapora had described; its naked body was bright ereen;
its hands were folded over its breast; its misshaped head was bent for-
ward, and wild, snakv hair, also of vivid green, fell luxuriantly around it.
while pressed upon its crown was a wreath of flowers.
"In the midst of this strance kingdom, silent, motionless and alone,
with uncouth face and distorted limbs, reigned this huge green monster
in mortal shape.
"Lord Winstone cot out his field glasses, without which he never
hunted, and trained them on the grotto. He stared awhile, and then his
breath left his lungs in a gasp of surprise, as he returned the classes to
their case and pushed forward."
Without doubt the reader will gasp with eq«al amazement and no Ies3
curiosity that such strange things can exist even in the Africa of to-dav.
but Eden Philpotts knows absolutely whereof he speaks when he made
the great Elephant Spirit of the Dark Continent one of the bit: features
of his new novel. "The Golden Fetich." now running in the Sunday Call,
the second installment of which will be published next Sunday. It gives
you Africa as it really is now and as it has not been shown since the
wonderful explorations of the creat Stanley. •
But unbelievable as the foregoing extract may seem, stranger thines
are being found richt here at home. Look in the next Sunday Call for
"Fitch's Mine of Mvsterv." It tells of the discovery under the very
feet of civilization in California, only a few months ago. of a mine of
fire that has utterly baffled the best scientists in the world. Chunks of
this wonderful mineral that has a flame which cannot be destroyed have
been taken from Fitch's mine, eround into powder, assayed bv every
known process, tested bv every possible standard, and still it remains a
mystery — and still it glows on with undiminished brightness. It cannot
be destroyed and it cannot be extinguished. Wonderful as is the newlv
discovered radium, of which/ there is less than one pound in the whole
world and which costs a fabulous sura for a single ounce. Fitch's new
mineral is even more astounding and by far more puzzling. And to
think that the earth in California is just full of it. but — read next Sun-
day's Call.
There you will find other absorbing things. "A Daughter of the
Aurora," by Jack London: the big twe-page railroad storv by Frank
H. Bpearman. "The Dispatcher's Story"; a full page of "Half-Hour
Storiettes": "The Unsolved Mystery of the Tinian Monoliths." bv Cap-
tain H. F. Tower, which is something that Uncle Sam has recently ac-
quired along wah a whole sea of queer islands; "Emigration the Negro's '
Only Salvation./ by Bishoo H. M. Turner; n full page of "Gems from the \
Photographer's Exhibit." to be held next week at the Mechanics' Pavil- .
ion. (You'll watch for those pictures.) "The Picture Coat." which is
something so new that no' woman who cares a pin how she looks (and
what woman doesn't?) will even dream of missing the next Sunday Call.Exchange and BuMion.
Sterling Exchange, Sixty days.. — $4 829i
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 8i:',*
Sterling E:cchange, cables *-', 4 H7W
New York Exchange, sight — . <j7U
New York Kxehange. telegraph lo — 10
Silver, per ounce — _ 61%
Mexican Dollars 47 43
Wheat and Other Grains.
WHEAT — Clopcd the week steady and not
materially changed.
The Chicago letter of Bolton, De Ruyter &
Co. says: 'Primary receipts are about the
same as last year. Cash markets were slow
nnd export demand not in evidence, although
some reports of higher bids were made.' Trad
ing is still mainly local and professional. The
prevailing sentiment is no doubt bullish. The
confidence seems based wholly on what Is the
strong domestic position. - Cash Wheat Is at a
premium in all markets. This cry would be a
strong feature if It were due to scarcity of
Wheat and an urgent demand. Its bullishness,
however, seems to us modified by the absence
of these conditions. Stocks of Wheat are, on
the whole, a little less than last year and the
receipts at primary markets on the average
about 10 per cent less, but the visible supply is
increasing fully as rapidly as last year, and
at the present rate of movement is likely to
increase more rapidly; than last year for the
next two months. There Is a demand for cash
"Wheat In this market from unusual quarters,
but the cash demand on the whole In aTl the
markets is below normal. It seems to us that
the strength of the cash position Is due great
ly to the congested situation in St. Louis. Kie
vator people owning the cash Wheat here are
afraid It will be spread out and go to that
market. Elevator people and millers in the
Nbrtnwest owning the cash Wheat are afraid
It will come to thlt market. ' In both cases
they are afraid of losing their Wheat. On the
theory, therefore, that the stocks on every
market will accumulate during the next two
months. It seems to be only a question of time
until this fear 'will disappear. Of course, on
the exoort demand, should It improve and
LOCAL MARKETS.
but* found few buyers, owing to .the rreenness
of the stock. Old crop offerings «old readUy
in - preference to • the new. . . ;. - ,
STRAWBERRIES—Longworths, $1©9 P*'
chest: large berries, $1 50®3 60 for Mallndas
and. $3!&5. for the other varieties.
RASPBERRIES—$3(g5.
HUCKLEBERRIES—7@10c. .
CRANBERRIES—Cape Cod, $0 50 per bbl;
Coos Bay, ?2 50©3 per box. >
APPLES—00c®?l per box for fancy. 60®
S5o for eood to choice and 25©40o for com
mon.
PEARS—Bartletts. $1@1 25: winter varie
ties, 40®75c per box for common and $1©1 25
for Winter Nellis.
QUINCES—50@60e per box.
FIGS—3Oc5J$l per box.
POMEGRANATES—50@75c for small boxes
and 120-2 BO for large, j
PERSIMMONS—75c©?l per box.
' GRAPES—Isabella, 50<gC8c per crate: other
varieties, 2$S40c for small boxes,HW@60c for
crates and 75c©$l 25 for large open boxes:
Wine Grapes, $18©21 per ton for Zlnfandel
and $14018 for Mission; White. $15®16 per
ton. .
MELONS^—Cantaloupes, $1@1 BO per crate:
Nutmeg Melons. 60@85c per box; Watermelons.
5@80c each. . . .
CITRUS FRUITS—Oranges. $2 60«J2 75 for
fancy Valpnclas, $262 25 for choice and tW
1 00 for standard; Lemons. $1®3 per box;
Grape Fruit, $1 60<£2 60; Mexican Limes, $4©
4 50; Bananas. $101 75 per bunch for Ha
waiian and $2tf3 for Central American; Pine
apples, $2<U2 50 per dozen.
Dried Fruits,Nuts, Raisins, Honey
Prices remain without further variation and
the demand for Fruits, Nuts and Raisins Js
still excellent. - •
- The Lcs Angeles Beekeepers* Association
has fixed a price of 5 cents a pound on light
amber extracted Honey, to hold for j the next
thirty days. • '
NEW FRUIT—Apricots, 7®0%c for Royals
and 0©llc for Moorparks; Evaporated Apples.
4%@5%e; sun-dried, 3%®4c: Peaches., 5@7q;
Pears, 0@10c; Nectarines. 4@5%c; Flu's, white,
4®4%c In boxes; Plums, pitted, 5®%o per lb.
PJtUNES—1903 crop. 2?4Q3%c lor the four
sizes.
. RAISINS—Following: are prices free . on
board to common shipping points: Imperial
clusters, $3 v per 20-lb box; Dehena clusters,
$2 50; fancy clusters, #J; 3-crown London Lay
ers, $1 65; 2-crown London Layers, $1 45; 4
crown standard loose Muscatels. b')i@7c per
lb; 3-crown standard loose Muscatels. 6>4®
C%c; 2-crown standard Muscatela. fl@6«4c;
Seetiless Muscatels. 5c; Seedless Muscatels,
floated. 5}ic; Seedless standard Sultanas, 5c;
Thompson Seedless standard. 6<j. , lhe follow
ing quotations on seeded are for' a limited ;
quantity only: Fancy, 10 ounces per lb, 7fcc:
fancy, 12 ounces per package, Q%c; choice, 16 j
ounces per lb, 7%c; choice, 12 ounces per pack
age Oftc; fancy, bulk, per lb, 7%c; choice,
bulk, per lb, 7V4c.
NUTS—Walnuts, No. 1 softshell, 13%c; No.
2, HVic; No. 1 hardshell, 13c; No. 2. lie;
Almonds lie for Nonpareils, 10%c for I X L,
lOHc for Ne Plus Ultras and 8%c for Langue
doc; Peanuts. «e7c for Eastern: lecans, 11®
13c; Cocoanuts, *4 5C@3; California CheStnUts,
10S15c per lb.. .
HONEi'—Comb, new. 12%<gl4c for white
and bfillc for amber: new water white ex
tracted. 5%©6%c; light amber extracted. 5c;
dark. !J%<g4M.c.
BEESWAX—27®20c.
Provisions.
The market shows no change worthy Of note.
The Chicago letter of Bolton, De Ruyter & Cc.
cays: ."Market Is again heavy and a - shade
lower. There is no chance in general condi
tions.- Receipts of Hops continue- liberal, the
demand rather below normal and on the whole
disappointing. The large packers who. sup-*
ported prices for such a long time seem to
have abandoned their policy. We see nothing
very bullish for the ultimate outcome."
CURED MEATS—Bacon. 12%c per lb for
heavy, 13c for lleht medium, 1 15c for light.
lD%c fcr extra light. lS%c for sugar-cured and
10c for extra sUKar-cured; Eastern sugar
cured Hams. 15%@155ic: California Hams, 15
filfi%e; Mess Beef, $11 50 per bbl; extra Mess,
$12@12 50; Family, flZfilS 50; prime Mess
fork $19: extra clear. $25; Ue«n, $20; Dry
Salted Pork, 12%c; Pig Pork. $23; Pigs' Feet.
$5 25; Smoked Beef. 15c per lb
LARD—Tierces quoted at 7%a wr lb for
compound and tt-'Ho for pure: half barrels,
pure. 10c; KMb tins. 10%c; 6-.b tins, 10%c;
3-ltx tins, 10»ic ¦ .= .
COTTOLENE—Onn half barrel, f'ftc: three
half barrel?, 9%c; one tierce, fl%e; two tierces.
i> 14c; five tiercW 0%c »er lb.
Hides, Tallozv, Wool and Hops.
Mail advices from New York report quieter
English and easier German markets for Hops.
Wool and Hides al.«o remain about as b:fore. .
HIDES AND SKINS—Culls and oiands sell |
about l%c under quotations. -Teavy Salted 1
Steer*. U->4c: medium. S:iic light, be; Cow!
Hices 8c-for heavy and sc for HicM; Staz.i. !
tic; Salted Kip. 8%c; Halted Wai. u%c; j
Salted Calf, 10c; dry Hides. lSQlS'kc; dry Kip.
l!Jc- dry Calf, 17c; Sheepskins, shecrlir>KS 25Q
30c each; short Wool, 40«COo each; medium. 70 '
tfjUOc; lonu wool. *1(&1 50 each; Horse Hide*. :
salti ?2 75 for large and *2#2 50 for medium, i
$1 ".".£( 1 "5 for ?mall and 50e for Colt*; Horse
Hides, dry. *l 75 for lar« nnd fl r,u for me
dium Jlgl SH for small and 50c for Coltj.
Huck Skin*— Dry Mexican. 32c; dry salted
Mexican." 25c: dry Central American. 32c.
Goat Skins—Prime Anjtoras. 75c; laige and
smooth r»nc: medium. 35c; Knriall, COc.
T\LLOW— No. 1 rendered, 4%c per lb; No.
2 Vc; grtase. 2%^3c.
WOOL—Fall cliD—San ioaruin Lsimbs*. 0^
lie- Mldd'.e County, Illpl2e: Northern Free.
Il*il2c- Northern Defective. 10@uc; Hum
boldt and Mendoclno. li'iil Ic: Neva-la. 13@18c;
Oregon, fine. lSSfl'Jc; Oregon, medium, 17c
P<Tl0PS —20Q23C per lb for California and 20®
23c for Oregon.
Meat Market.
The market for all descriptions continues un
changed, receipts being ample for current re
qulrements. DnESgED MEATg
Wholesale rates from slaghterers to dealers
are as follows:
" liEEF—Ud?7c for Steers and 3#«c per lb
°VEAl^-l>arge. C®7c; small. 8-ol'c per lb.
MUTTON—Wethers, 7%®Sc; Kwm, 7g7%c
per pound.
LAM U—0010c r^r pound.
PORK—Dressed Hog*. 8UffOW<? per pound.
LIVESTOCK MARKET.
The following quotations are for good, sound I
Livestock, delivered in San Francisco, less so
per cent shrinkage tor Cattle:
CATTLE—Steers. 8©0c; Cows and Heifers,
7©Sc- thin Cows, 4^5c per pound.
CALVES—4W4%c per pound igross weight).
SHEEP—Wethers. 3%®3%c; Even, 3&3%c
p«r pound (rross weight).
LAMBS—$2 75®3 per head.
HOGS—Live Hogs, 150 to 250 lbs C%c;
under 150 lbs. 5%®5l>ic; Sows. 20 ptr cent off;
Boars. 50 Der cent off, and Stags. 40 per cent
oft from above quotations.
General Merchandise.
BAGS—Grain Bags. 5@5^e; San Quentin,
6.66c;-Wool Bags. 32@35c; Fleece Twine. 7U
(&Sc; Cotton Fruit Bags. 6%c, e«4c and 7fc4e
for the three grades; Brown JUte, B%@7%c.
COAIj—Wellington. $8 per ton; New Wel
lington. $3- Seattle. $0 50; Bryant. $0 50; Bea
ver Hill $5 50; Stanford. $7; Roslyn. $7; Coos
Bay $5 6»: Greta. $7; Wallsend, $7; Rich
mond. $7 CO; Cumberland. $13 la bulk and
«14 25 in sacks; Welch Anthracite Egg, $13;'
i Welsh Lump. $11 50; Cannel. $3 50 per ton:
1 Coke $11 5C@13 per ton In bulk end $15 in
saclw. Rocky Mountain, descriptions, $S 45 per
2000 lbs and $8 60 per ton. according to brand.
OIL—Linseed, 40c for toiled and 47c for raw
In barrels; cases. 5c more: Castor Oil. In cases.
No 1 70c; Bakers' AA. $1 10®l 12; Lucol, 44c
for boiled and 42o for raw In barrels; Lard Oil.
extra winter strained, barrels, 85c; cases, 00c;
China Nut, 55®70c per gallon: pure Neaufoot,
In barrels, 75c; cases, 80c; Sperm, pure, 75c;
Whale Oil, natural white. 50055c per. gallon;
Fish Oil, in barrels, 45c; cases, 50c; Cocoanut
Oil, in barrels. 68c for Ceyi^n and 55c for Aus
tr cOAL OIL—Water White Coal Oil in bulk,
14%c* Pearl Oil in cases, 21c; Astral, 21c;
Star 21c: Extra Star, 25c; Elaine, 27c; Eocene,
24c-'deodorized Stove Gasoline,'in bulk, 17c;
In cases, 23%c; Benzine, In bulk. 13c; in cases,
19%c; SO-degree Gasoline, In bulk. 21c; in
c&scs 27 ViC* ' - *
TURPENTINES—80c per gallon In case* and
74c In drums and Iron barrels.
RED AND WHITE LEAD—Red Lead, 6%©
7c per lb; White Lead. 6%®7c. according to
SUGAR—The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes as follows, per lb. In 100-lb bags:
Cubes A Crushed and Fine Crushed, 5.85c;
Powdered, 5..0c; Candy Granulated. 5.70c; Dry
Granulated, fine. 5.60c; Dry Granulated, coarse.
5.f>0c; Fruit Granulated. 5.60c; Beet Granu
lated (100-lb bags only), 6.40c; Confectioners'
A 5.60c: Magnolia A. 5.20c: Extra C. 6.10c;
Golden C, 5c: "D." 4.90c; barrels, 10c more:
half barrels. 25c more; boxes. 50c more;50-lb
bags 10c more for all kinds. Tablets—Half
barrels. C. 10c: boxes. 6.35o per lb. No orders
taken fo? less than seventy-five barrels or its
equivalent. ' -A;
Receipts of Produce.
SATURDAY, OCTOBER 17.
Flour, qr »ks...l7,tiC7 Wool, bales ...,v 207
Wheat ctls ..:.. 041 Screenings. >kB.. 200
Barley, ctls ..... 7,002 Tallow, ctls .... 213
Rye, ctls ....... C5 Pelts,. No ...... 3»0
Beans, sks ..... 11,768 Hides. No ...;.. 710
Potatoes,- Bks ... 8,180 Raisins, bxs ....' 1,500
Onions, sks 2,310 Quicksilver, flsks 267
Bran sks 1,553 Leather, rolls .. 203
Alfalfa Seed. sks. ¦ 87 Wine, gala 34.S00
Hay, tons ...... 505 Chicory, bbls ... 50
Hops, bales .... 16S Paper, rms ..... 645
STOCK MARKET.
*— ————'-''' '¦'.' — ~../:,"" — ¦—- —#
' Aside from a decline In Mutual Electric to
$11 there van no fluctuation worthy of note in
local securities. The oil stocks were also dull
and featureless.
gales on the California Exchange last week
were ¦ 27,786/shares, valued at. $:).'! iO, the' lead
ing, sales being.as follows: Associated Oil.
Bank Clean jigs.
The lncal har.k clear'.rrs durir.r the week
Just ended thawed a pain cf $1,324,030 over
the corrtFpondirc week of last year, being
$a3,05l,C57. against $:2.C17.C27 in 1902.
Weather Report.
<12(Hh Meridian — Pacific Time.)
6AN FRANCISCO. Oct. 17—5 p. m.
Last This Last
Station*— 24 Hours. Season. Season.
Eu-eka 0.00 3.17 0.72
Red Bluff 0.00 0.47 0.04
Sacramento 0.00 0.14 0.12
Kan Frajicisco 0.00 0.17 0.21
Fresno 0.00 0.00 T.
Ind-i-endenoe .... 0.00 T. 0.30
Pan Luis Oblspo.. 0.00 0.42 T.
Los Ar.geles 0.00 0.43 T.
Ean Diego 0.00 0.06 6.92
THE COAST RECORD.
g g Z g
5 S?5 ?¦= <?. *% i?
I II II li S* 5
STATIONS, g 1| «3 "3 ?"• 5
r ii 5 : o ? i
% % '¦ " • ?
Pak^r 3o.lS 72 «0 BK Clear .00
£irs<on 30. W 7'i 3<; K Clear .00
K "rtka ::o.'i» 54 50 N Cloudy .00
Farailnn 2-J.97 Srt M SW Clear .<>0
Fre»no 2:».'*4 U2 58 RE Clear .ort
FiaFKtaff 3^.12 r.4 ZS E Clear .CO
indPX'endrnce .»t.(>4 S2 TA PE Clear .00
Los Ar.gti^..2;».i»2 '.*» 52 W Clear .<Xi
Ml. TBm«.lpals2s».«7 77 <?.» NW Clear .<-0
North H.ad ..30.12 C2 52 8 Cloudy T
P!x*nix 20.H6 92 58 E Clear .00
Porateiio ....50.20 74 SO E Clear .0))
Portland .-.O.M 74 44 S Clear .«0
Jo nt r.pyes..20.t»2 55 62 N Foggy .00
»'.»<1 Bluff 2H.!*4 82 C8 SE Clear .00
RocebutB 3i). O4 SO 40 NW Clear .00
i-'prramento ..29.H2 KS 50 NW Clear .<'O
fiatt Lake ...30.22 70 49 NW Clear .00
Fan Fr»r.cisco.20.!t« hO 54 W Clear .00
B L '>t)tspo..29.9a b2 50 S Clear .00
FaaDfeso 20. «8 74 r.2 SW Clear .CO
Pattle 30.10 Cii 54 SW Clear .00
BtK*an« 30.0S .. 34 NE I»t Cldy .(<>
TatoacSi 80.00 D8 44 8 Cloudy .<«
''"alia Wall«.:;0.M5 «8 4O S Clear .CO
Vlnn^r.ucca. t>0 30 ff\V Clear .00
Tuma 60 00
V.KATiiCit CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
Tho following are the seasonal rainfalls to
cJau as compared «ith those of same date last
s-ason. and rainfall in last twenty-four hours:
Ther<: has been almost no chanpe In tem-
P< ratur.> over the western half of the countr>'-
A gtiig:nar.t high covers the entir<* western half
n f the l.'nited States. Dense low fop has pre
vailed ond i* likely to continue along the coast
trom San Francisco to Eureka.
In the great valleys of California the tem
peratures continue about 17 deprees above the
normal and the afternoon temperatures have
txceeded f»0 degrees at many points. Condi
tions have betn excellent for raisin-making.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours, endinff midnight. October 18:
Northern California — Fair Sunday, with fes
ftlonK the coast and ehom-c-rs Sunday afternoon
an<: eight In northwestern portion; light north
ft'nd changing to eoutheatterly.
Southern California— Fair Sunday; light
rouiheriy winds.
Nevada — Fair Sunday.
Pan Francisco and vicinity — Fair Sunday,
with fog in the morning; cloudy at nipht; light
northerly wind? chensring to southeasterly.
A. G. McADIE. District Forecaster.
•¦ «
EASTERN MARKETS.
NEW YORK STOCK L.1ST.
Sales. High. Low. Close.
Atchison 2.<*>9 67% 66% 67
Atchison pfd 500 «• SS% 88%
!3altim^re & Ohio. . 12,100 75% 75% 7.1%
Bait & Ohio pfd 86%
Canadian Pacific . 3,800 12O>4 119% H»%
L>r.tral of N Jer.. 600 157% 133 157
.-l«s & Ohio 2.OO0 30% 30% 30%
¦hi & Alien 3.90O 26U 25% 2.',%
:"ht & Alton pfd 62
CU & Gt Western. 1,400 15% 15U 15%
Tii & Gt W B pfd 2.->%
•hi & N W 100 158% 158% 15S7b
:"hi Term & Trans 9
•hi Ter & Trn pfd 17f4
C C C & St Louis 71
L-olo Southern 400 13 12% 12%
Colo Sou 1st pfd... l,<«00 51% 50% 51
Lolo Boti 2nd pfd.. 1,000 20% 1J»»4 20U
lx-1 & Hudson 2iM) 154% U>i% 153%
Del Lack & West.. 2»0 234 234 234
I>en & Rio Grande. 200 20% 20% 20%
t>on & Rio G pfd.. 200 C7% 67% C7%
Krie 24.7U0 28% 28 2.S
Erie 1st pfd 1,400 C7% 67 00*4
Erie 2nd pfd feOO 49* 49 <*%
Great Northern jrfd 160
Hockins Valley C9
llock'.r.g Valley pfd 70
Illinois Central ... «V)0 131% 131 ',4 13<>%
Iowa Central 400 19 18 18%
Iowa Central pfd.^ 32',-s
K C Houthern 18%
K C Southtrn pfd. 100 32% ."S»4 32
LrfUis & Nash 2.4 r M) 1OOV4 JOO 1()O
Mat.hatlan L 600 132% 132 J32H
Metropolitan Bt liy 1.9U0 10Z% 105 103%
Minn & Kt Louis... 100 41 43 40
U» Pacihc .. 17,3<*0 81 1K»% 90%
Mn, Kar.s & T 17
Mo Kons tz T pfd. OCO 30 35',4 :<r,i,i
Nat It of Mex pfd XI
H r Central 1.109 118 117>4 1I7'{
Ncr & West 1.709 58 57% C7%
Nor & Win pfd... 200 SS S3 87
Ont & W<«t VJ';0 21% 21% 21%
Pemaylvanla So.ioo 119% 118^5 U»%
Pittf *C C & h"t U 59
leading H.*O *7% 47% 47%
Hiding 1st pfd.... 100 70 7C 75%
Heading 2d pfd CHi
Rock Irland Co Jl.l<*» 25'4 2T.% 25%
Bock Iflar.d Co pfd 700 5"'H 59 50 Vi
Bt L S V 53
St L * 3 F lrt pfd «0
Ft L i S F '2a1 p.'i. C;)(» 40% 4G 45*4
Ft Ix.ui!= P W t'Oft 15 14% 14*i
St I>-us SW pfJ.. K00 83 n2% :{!Vi
St Paul lO.CCa* 13S% 13S 338
Kt Paul pfd 100 WOtt J70% 1TO%
So PhcISc C.100 42% 42 42
so Hallway 3,too i«% is*S is*4
Ku Railway rf.J 1,500 74% 73% 74%
Texan & Pacific... 800 24 23«i TiV.
Tol. St L & V,' 300 I"H ' 7 1C%
Tot. 6t C ic V7 pfd 100 25% 25% 2T>\
Vnion Pacific 40.*0O 73% 71% 72%
l"nio:i Paciilc pW. ltO M 84 Si
Mahash 700 1? 17% 17«4
Waba-A r'<3 2.3W 31% S0% 30%
Wr.cei & L Erie 15
W*s Central &00 J0% 1C»» 36
Wl?ron«ln Cent \>'A 33
Espress Ccmpar.Icc —
A^sir.s .... 223
American .... .... 1.S0
Vrited 101
We:i*-Farno 200
M i seel ! c neous — ¦
Amal Copper 51.000 33% 3fi% 3S%
Am Car & Foundry 3.6W 22V4 21% 21%
Am C«r & Fdy pfd 1,700 CS',4 CC% €8
Am L'.nsecd Oil 3
Am Linisecil Oil pfd 26
/.rn !x>coti)C"tivc 900 14 13% 13»l
Am Locomotive pf,l SOO 74 72% 74'
Am Knelt & Ilettc. 4,500 .41 « 40'i 40%
Am 5m & Het pfd. 700 88 85% 65%
Am Sugar Reff 6,000 112% 111% 112%
Anaconda Min Co.. 200 CO C6 GJ
P.rocklyn Rap Trtn 7,700 Z~.% 83 >1 31%
Colo Fuel & Iron. OW 32^ 30 30*
fol & Hock Coal.. 300 11# 11 10%
Confohdated Ga« .. J.000 174'A 174W 174«
General Electric .. 500 148 147 148
T otern&tiocal Paper 11U
Minin a Stocks.
SAN FRANCISCO STOCK EXCHANGE.
Following were the sales on the San Fran
cisco Stock and Exchange Board yesterday: -
Mornlnz Session.
600 Alpha OSj 10O Keyes Graes. 1 «c)
500 Bullion i:| 10O Overman 21
600 C New York. 12| COO Silver Hill... £»
PACIFIC STOCK EXCHANGE.
Following were the sales on the Pacific Stock
Exchange yesterday:
Mornins Session.
COO Bullion 13 2C0 Mexican t>>
500 Bullion It! :tCl> Mexican .....1 (M
100 Con Cat & V.I SU| 200 Ophlr 1 B«>
50O Con Imperial. 0-i! 20O Overmen .... 21
;«X> C New York. EH 30O Savage J5
70O Crown Point. IT) 500 Savage 3t
200 Exchequer . . . IS! CCo Sierra Nev. .. 4j
300 Oould &• Cur. lsi 200 Silver Hill .. «D
SCO Julia 09 1100 Union Ccn .. 5.»
200 Mexican OS! 300 Yellow Jack.. 4J
TOXQPAH STOCK EXCHANGE.
Following were the salea on the San Fran
cisco and Tonopah Mining Exchange yester
day:
Morning Session.
COO Brunswick .._W 1(M) Pine Grove... ?>
2000 Espera?5za ... « 100 Pine Grove... T»
300 MacN'amara... 13 5C0 North Star... 31
600 Montana .... 95
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
SATURDAY. Oct. 17—12 m.
Bld.Ask., Bld.Ask.
Algha OH lo! Julia W* fci>
Alta 03 06 Justice 05 CO
Andes 2* 251 Kentuck 01 C2
Belcher 12 W!K. Gra»ssler..l 85 1 T-»
Best & Eelch.l 4t> 1 So Mexican 1 OO 1 <53
Bullion 12 l.i'oceldental ... 22 2\
Caledonia X5 OOiOphlr 1 50 1 fe.'»
Challenge Con 2"J 3<)i Overman ,... 2O S"i
Chollar 21 22|Potosl 21 Z£
Confidence ... 7l> 75! Savage 25 £U
Con Cal & V.I 25 1 SOi Scorpion 03 pi
Con Imperial.. 03 04'Seg Belcher.. 05 Cil
Con NY It 12' Sierra Nevada 48 4»
Crown Point.. 16 171 Silver Hill ..61 62
Eureka Con.. — 50' St Louis .... 11 piA
Exchequer ... 16 is! Syndicate .... — |K?
Gould & Curry 17 1S ! Union Con .. 5S «)
Hale & Norc. 55 WjUtah 19 20
Lady Wash.. C3 04 1 Yellow Jacket 40 41
TONOPAH MINES.
Bid.Ask. t Bld.Asfe.
Esperanza ... 01 02 Rescue 05 *ks
Hannapah ... — 14 Ton Belmont. 95 1 t«»
Lucky Tcm .. — lOiTon & Cal.. I — 23
MacNamara . 14 — I Ton & G W. — 1»
Mlrpah Ext.. — 30 Ton of Nev.. — 7 30
Mont Ton ... 95 9!) Ton N Star.. — M
N Y Tonopah — o:;,Ton & S Lake 10 2*
Paymaster .. — l^Unlted Ton.. — H
Pine Grove .. — 781
FLOW OF BIVERS.
The following tables give a comparative
statement for two years of the estimated flow
cf certain California river* In cubic feet per
second, or second feet, one second foot equat
ing 60 California miner's inches, or about 40
Colorado miner's inches. The figures for tii*
last year may be revised by later meaauit
merits. The figures are by J. B. Lippincott.
hydrographer. United States Geological Survey:
TULE RIVER NEAR PORTERVILLE.
Second Feet.
DATE. *
1902. 1900.
October 4 14 1 19
October 5 15 IS
October 6 15 IS
October 7 Id 1$
Octobers 16 IS
October 9.... • 17 18
October 10 18 IS
TUOLUMNE RIVER AT LA GRANGE.
DATE. , ""1^
1002. 1803.
October4 25 7
Octobers 25 13
October 6 25 23
October 7 23 35
October 8 33 65
October 9 35 35
October 10 33 35
KINGS HIVER AT RED MOUNTAIN.
Second Feet.
DATE. 1 ¦—
1902. 190J.
October 4 213 360
October 5 :... 215 RO
October 6 215 32t>
October 7 213 a2*>
Octobers 215 S2»
October 9 215 283
October 10 21Z 2S3
SACRAMENTO RIVER AT IRON CANTON,
Second Feet.
DATE.
1302. 1903. .;¦
October 4 50O0 C22O
Octobers WxjO 5220
October 6 5om) 522»
October 7 5«X>O t>22<»
October 8 5<)0o 523>
October 9 BOOO S22l>
October 10 600O 6S»>
Lloyds' returns show that the shipping
of the United Kingdom Increased laat
year by 201 vessels, aggregating 713.334
tons gross. The register now contains.
20.257 vessels of 15,331.203 tons gross.
Internatl Paper pfd 100 C2 62 61
lntenalional Pump 32%
Internatl Pump pfd 71
National Biscuit... 100 35% 30% 34%
National Lead 13
North American .. 100 74% 73 74%
Pacific Mail 000 21 10% 21
People's Gas £00 92 91% 91%
Pressed S-teel Car.. 200 31% 31 31
Pressed St Car pfd 100 «9% 69% «*%
Pullman Palace Car 100 214 214 210
Republic Steel .... 200 8% 8% 8'4
Repub Steel pfd.. 500 to' 57% 57 •>;
Rubber Goods 700 14^4 14% 14
Rubber Goods pfd. l'K) 70 70 68
Tenn Coal & Iron. 2,500. 30>4 29 14 30i;
U S Leather 100 7 6% C%
U S Leather pfd... 1,200 761i 75 ! > 8 76
U S Rubber »
V S Rubber pfd.. 100 36 36 35
U S Steel 20,300 14% 14% l*\i
U S Steel pfd "38,000 02% 61% 62%
Wei-tem Union 200 82 82 81%
Total sales 409.100
UNITED RAILROADS OF SAN FRANCISCO.
NEW YORK. Oct. 17.— United Railroads of
San Francisco bond transactions: COOO at $77.
• NEW YORK BONDS.
V S ref 2s rcg..lOG% Louis & N unl 4s. 98%
Do coup 1OU% Manhattan c g 4s.l00%
Do 3s reg 107% Mex Cent 4s 71
Do coup lOSVi Do 1ft inc 14^
Do new 4s reg.134 Minn & Rt L 4s. 90
Do coup 135 M K & T 4s 97
Do old 4s reg.110% Do 2ds 76
Do coop 11<)%iN R R of M c 4s 74V.
Do os reg lOlU'N Y Cent g 3%s. JWVi
Do coup 102% N J Cent g 5s.. 128%
Atch gen 4s 98^ Nor Pac 4s 101^4
Do adjt 4s . . . 00m Do 3i " () %
Atlantic C L 4s.. 90Vi|N'or & W c 4s... 95»i
Balto & O 4s ..lOO^fOr S L 4s & P. 00%
Do 3U,r ... 93TijPenn con 3U S .. IW.%
Cent of Ga 5s . . 105% | Read G«n 4s 98
Do 1st inc 65 St L & I M c r>.«.100%
Chfs & O 4%s ..lOlvAiSt L & S F fg 4s. Kl%
! Chi & Alton S^s. 71% Pt L S W lsts... 95
C B & Q n 4s... 93 Seaboard A L 4s 65
C M & S P g 4s.lOC%|So Pac 4s 86
Chi & N W c 7s.ni*;:Bo Ry 5s 112%
C R r & P RR 4e 72V4 JTex & Pac lsts.,115
Da cal 5s 71»/4 To! St L & W 4s. 68
CCCiSLjlslW Union Pac 4s ...101%
Chi Term 4s . T.'J L 4 | Do conv 4s . 04%
Con Tobacco 4s.. 54 U S Steel 2d 5s.. 71%
Colo & 80 4a... S3 JWabash lets 115%
I) & R G 4s .... 90 Do Deb B . r .n%
I Erie prior lien 4s. 97 Wheel & L E 4s. 86
Do gen 4s S3% Wis Cent 4s ... 8!)V
j Ft W & D C lsts.KM Colo Fuel con ... 70
I Hocking Val 4%s.lO5 I
NEW YORK MINING STOCKS.
Adams Con 10;Little Chief 07
Alice 14 Ontario 4 25
Breec* 10 Ophlr .,.£ 1 33
Brunswick Con .. 01 Phoenix .... ..'... 07
Comstock Tunnel. 06 V. 'Potosl 19
Con Cal & Va 1 13 1 Savage 20
Horn Silver 1 00 'Sierra Nev 42
Iron Silver 1 50; Small Hopes 15
LeadviUe Con (^'Standard 180
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money — . lAdventure 3U
Call loans 3®4 ; Alloue8 4$S
Time loans 5(5 6 Amalgamated ... S9
Railroads — Daly West 39
AtchiPon 60% BIr.gham 21%
Do w'd 8S% Calumet & Hecla.4.10
Bost«* & Albany. 248 Centennial 1(!%
Boston & Maine. 106 Copper Range ... 47
Bofton Elevated.. 130% Dominion Coal .. 67%
N Y N H & H...iSa'/3iFrankIln 7%
Fitchburg pfd ...134 Isle Royals 53%
Union Pacific ... 73 Mohawk 38%
Mexican Central. 10% Old Dominion ... 8%
Miscellaneous — Osceola 56
1 American Sugar.. 112 Parrot 17%
Do pfd ..^ 117 Quincy 83
Amer Tel & Tel. 12JV4 'Santa Fe Copper. 1%
Dom I & Slecl... 9 ITamarack 94
General Electric. .146 |Trlnity 5%
Mans Electric ... 19% (United States ... 17%
Do pfd 77 Utah 2<!%
United Fruit .... 03 Victoria 2
U S Steel 14V» Winona 7Ji
Do pfd C2 j Wolverine 63
Mining— - I
LONDON CLOSING STOCKS.
Cons for money.. 8S%1N Y Central 121
Cons for account. SS% Norf & Western. 59
Anaconda 3% Do pfd 89
Atchieon C8>4 {Ontario & West. 22
Do pfd 91Vi ! Pennsylvania 61%
Bait & Ohio 78%iRand Mines 9%
Canadian Pacific. 123% ; Reading 24%
«-hcs & Ohio 31% Do 1st yfd 40
Chicago G W 16 Do 2d pfd 33
Chi Mil & St P..142%'Southern Ry li>
DeBeers 19%' Do pfd 75%
Denver & R G... 20%,Pouthern Pac ... 43%
Do pfd 71 (Union Pacific ... 74%
Erie 29% I Do pfd 87
Do let sfd C8%!U S Steel 14%
Do 2d pfd 60 j Do pfd 62%
Illinois Central ..135 jWabash 18%
Louis & Na*?h ...103 j Do pfd 32
Mo Kan & Tex.. 17%
Bar silver firm, 28%d per ounce. Money,
1©1% Per cent. The rate of dlscouct in the
open market for short bills is 3% per cent,
and for three months' bills is 3% per cent.
Associated Banks Statement.
NEW YORK. Oct. 17.— The statement of
averages of the Clearing-house banks of this
city for the week shows: Loans, $903,205,000;
decrease $4,C36.OO0. Deposits $891,771,400; de-»
crease $5,843,700. Circulation. $45,723,000; in-"
create! $8400. Legal tenders. $es,505.3<Xl; de
crease. $1.411,9<r>. Specie, .*171.87O.£«i; In
crease. $807.1(10. Reserve, $240,376,11)0; de
crease $ti01,800. Reserve required, $222,942,-
KiO; decrease. $1,400,925. Surplus, $17,433,250;
increase. $850,525. Ex-United States deposits,
I $2G,742,725; Increase. $948,275.
Exports and Imports.
NEW YORK. Oct. 17.— Total exjxwts of dry
goods and general merchandise at the port of
New York for the week were valued at $9,-
B4.CS9.
Exports of specie from this port for the
week were $070,975 silver and $74,r.OO gold.
Imports of specie for the week at New York
were $125,532 ctlvcr and $51,462 gold.
Nczv York Grain and Produce.
NEW YORK. Oct. 17.— FLOUR— Receipts,
31.100 barrels; exports. 9300 barrels. Firm; all
grades with a moderate demand. Winter pat
ents. $3 'J0@4 30; winter straights. $3 K0Q>4;
Minnesota pateDts, $4 G0©4 85; winter extras.
$2 00*13 25; Minnesota bakers, $3 75Q4 75;
winter low trades, $2 75$i3 05.
WHEAT— Receipts, 29,275 bushels; exports,
39,300. Spot, steady. No. 2 red. 86c eleva
tor; No. 2 red, 83%c f. o. b. afloat; No. 1
Northern Duluth, 92c f. o. b. afloat; No. 1
hard Manitoba, nominal, f. o. b. afloat. Op
tions were barely steady on cables, but soon
turned etrons and advanced on covering of
December. Receipts were light and Argentine
reported damage from frost, and there wan
realizing, wheat finally recovering on bullish
n.ws from Eastern Asia and olosed %c higher.
May, 83 ll-16@84%c. closed 84%c; December,
SC%<it87 5-16c. closed 87V4C
HOPS — Steady: State common to choice.
1903, 27®30c; 1902, 21©20%o: olds. 10<513c; Pa
cific Coast. 1903. 23®30c; 1902, 21©20%c; olds.
10<?13c.
HIDES— Steady; California, 21 to 25 pounds,
14c.
WOOL— Firm: domestic fleece. 28®33c.
PETROLEUM— Firm.- .
COFFEE — Spot Rio. firm: No. 7 invoice,
5%c; mild, steady; Cordova. 7@llc. The mar
ket for coffee futures closed steady, net un
changed to 5 points higher. Total sales, 42,550
bags, including: December, 5.0505.10c; Jan
uary, 5.10©5.15c: March, 6.30®5.83o; May,
5.4r.S5.53c: July, B.55@5.6Qc; September, 6.05®
5.70c.
SUGAR.— Raw, firm; fair refining. 8«4c; cen
trifugal. 96 test, 3%c; molasses sugar, 3%c:
refined, firm; No. 6, 4.40c; No. 7. 4.30c; No. 8,
4.3Oc; No. 9, 4.20c; No. 10, 4.15c; No. 11.
4. 10c: No. 12. 4.05c: No. 13. 4c; No. 14. 3.05c:
confectioners' A, 4.30o; mold A, B.lOo; cuttoaf,
0.35o; crushed. 5.35c; powdered, 6.05c; granu
lated, 4.75c; cubes. 5c.
DRIED FRUITS.
EVAPORATED APPLES— The market con
tinued very quiet to-day. Common are quoted
at 4§f5c; prime, BH@5&c; choice, 6®6%c, and
fancy, 6»i@7c.
PRUNES — Spot prunes are. moving very
slowly in almost all markets. Prices, how
ever, are still held at from 3 He to 7c for all
grades.
APRICOTS— Are fairly active at 9Vi#9%c
for choice; 10®10>yic for extra choice'and 110
11 %o for fancy.
PEACHES — Remain quiet; choice are quot
ed at 7Vi@7?ic; extra choice at 7«i£b"4c;
fancy, »k@10ttc
Foreign Futures.
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat— Oct Dec.
Opening Nominal 6 6^
Closing 6 5%
PARIS. -
Wheat — Oct. Jan.-Aj»l. .
Opening: Holiday.
Closing
Flour^ —
Opening
Closing
Chicago Grain Market.
CHICAGO. Oct. 17. — General anxiety on tha
part of shorts to cover their UneB pending
possible further advances over Sunday caused
renewed strength in wheat. The opening was
rather quiet and easy, due to the indifferent
cables, the Liverpool market being barely
Eteady. notwithstanding the advance made here
yesterday. December was J /&c lower to %c
higher at £0%c to 80% c, and with some profit
taking by local longs prices declined a trifle,
December Flumping off to S0^4c early in the
day. At the decline local Shorts were good
buyers and the demand Trotn this quarter gave
a fair impetus to trading and the market
quickly rallied. Closing prices were at about
the best of the day, December being up &@
%c at 80Hc after touching 8I0.
The corn market still .felt the effects of
yesterday's heavy celling and ruled weak the
greater part of the day. Closing prices were
lower, December beine down Vic.
Oats were laboring under the same difficul
ties as corn. December closed %c lower at
36 Vic
Provisions ruled weak on a large run of hog3
and lower prices at the yards. AH January
products closed with a loss of 12%c
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Articles — Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2 —
December, new. 80% 81 80U 80%
May 80 80tf 79% «0> 8
Corn No. 2 —
October 44ft 44«fc 44% 44%
December 44% 44% 44% 44%
May 43% 43% 43% 43>i
Oats No. 2 —
October 36V* S6Vi 36 36
December 80% 3C% 3014 3<Hi
May 87% 37»i 36% 37
Mess Pork, per bbl —
October. 1123 I
January 11 97U 11 07% 11 00 11 SH)
May 12 07 % 12 07% 12 03 12 05
Lard, cer 100 lbs —
May li 67% 6 70 6 65 8 B5
October 0 55 6 55 6 52% «J 52%
December « (55 0 05 « 62% 6 52%
January 6 65 665 660 060
Short Ribs, per 100 lbs —
October 8 20
January 6 32% f> 37% 0 25 6 25
May « 32% 6 35 8 32% C 85
Cash" quotations were as follows: Flour, 1
firm: winter patents. f4*J4 :*>: straights. $3 70
4*4 10: spring patents. $4 Hl<g:4 50: straights, .
$3 70@3 !X>: bakers', $2 9Of 3 40: No. 3 spring
wheat. *>lc; No. 2 red, 87 J »ifi87%c: No. 2 corn.
44%043c; No. 2 yellow, 4«j; No. 2 oats. 4CVAc;
No." 3 white, 35(fi38c; No. 2 rye. 67c; good
feeding barley, 41<G42c; fair to choice malting.
47@57c; No. 1 flaxseed. I»5c: No. 1 Northwest
ern, ?1 02%: prime timothy seed. f3: mess
pork, per bbl, ?11 25®11 HO; lard, per 10O lbs,
$6 55QU CO: short ribs sides (loose). *« 754?":
dry salted shoulders (boxed). $0 12%*} 0 25;
short clear sides (boxed). $868 12%;. whleky.
basis of hlnh wines, $1 25; clover, contract
grade, $10 75.
Articles — Receipt*. Shipment*.
Flour, barrels 27.UX) 35,400
Wheat, bushels 224,1O(> 200.10O
Corn, bushels 311,200 4ISS.000
Oats, bushels 273,000 378,800
Rye, bushels , 7,800" l,))0r)
Barley, bushels 101,300- 4,100
On the Produce Exchange to-day the butter
market was steady; creamery, 15%4£2o%c;
dairies, 14318c; eggs, firm at mark, cases In
cluded, lS&lDVic; cheese, easier, 105i@ll%c.
Eastern Livestock Market.
CHICAGO
CATTLE— Receipts. 0000; nominal. Good to
prime steers. $5 10®5 75: poor to medium.
$3 50@4 7. r r; stackers and feeders S2 "."«/( io
cow? U 40^4 40; heifers. ?2#4 75; canners,
*1 40©2 50; bulls, $2@4 23; calves. ?2 5O©7 25;
Texas fed steers. ?2 75@3 50; Western steers,
?3!fi4 50.
HOGS — Receipts to-day, 16.000; Monday, 30.
000; 5610c lower. Mixed and butchers', $3 40
#5 ;»5; good to choice heavy, $5 (KKjtS .S5: rough
heavy, $5 lr«ST> 90; light, ?5 40@5 90; bulk
of sales. f.V50«?5 80.
SHEEP— Recelpu, . 1500; sheep. steady;
lambs, steady. Good to choice wethers. $3 25
(34; fair to choice mixed, $2@3; Western sheep,
$3 25®4: native lambs. $3 50@5 75; Western
lambs, $3 75(85 25.
New York Metal Market.
NEW YORK, Oct. 17. — There wan little or
no business in metals to-day and prices were
generally unchanged.
Copper was quiet. Lake, $13®13 50; electro
lytic. $13; casting. $12 ((2%. s
Tin quiet; spot. $25 50fi25 SO.
Lead steady, $4 50.
Spelter quiet, $6.
Iron quiet, nominally unchanged.
A r £K' York Cotton Market.
NEW YORK, Oct. 17. — The cotton market
closed steady to firm, with prices advancing
on unfavorable weather news.
Northern Wheat Market.
OREGON.
PORTLAND, Oct. 17.— Wheat— Walla Walla,
75c; bluestem, 79c; valley, 77c.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA, Oct. 17.— Wheat. unchanged.
Bluestem, 80%c; club, 70%c.
Northern Business.
SEATTLE. Oct. 17.— Clearings. $507,527'
balances. ?6G.2Tt4.
TACOMA. Oct. 17.— Clearings, $372,011;
balances, $71,955.
PORTLAND, Oct. 17.— Clearings, $506,853
balances. $141,392. y
SPOKANE, Oct. 17. — Clearings, $309,271'
balances. $25,20S.
11 'all-sir cct stocks close the week rather higher.
Nothing nczu in local Stocks and Bonds.
Bank Clearings gain slightly over last year.
Not much chance in Wheat, here or elsewhere.
of - :
Barley easier. Oats firm for seed.
Chicago continues to offer Corn heavily here.
Bra:i and Middlings firm and Hay steady.
Beans unsettled and 'fluctuating.
Continued demand for Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins.
Provisions featureless at previous prices.
Wool, Hops and Hides unchanged.
Cattle, Sheep and Hogs in sufficient supply: I
Potatoes and Onions arriving in large quantities.
Arrivals of Summer Vegetables delayed by fog.
Scz'cn cars of Western Poultry received last week.
Game, declines under large receipts.
Butter showing more steadiness. Eggs scarce. Cheese plentiful
Fog delays arrivals of Fresh Fruit.
4000 shares; Independence, 10. T37: Junction,
1100; IJon. 4275;. Occidental, 1950; Reed, 2108;
Sterling, 1100. -'
The Anaconda- Copper Company has declared
a semi-annual dividend of 50 centa per share.
. The Pacific Coast Company has declared
regular quarterly dividends of 1% per cent on
the common and first and second preferred
stocks, payable November 1. This company
reports a gain of 10 per cent in the gross earn
ings and 12 per cent in the net earnings for
the fiscal year ended June 30, and a surplus,
figuring on last year's charge*, equal to 6&
per cent on the common and second preferred
stocks, both -Issues sharing alike in the divi
dends after 4 per cent, j
Stock and Bond ExcJiange.
SATURDAY, Oct. 17—12 m.
UNITED STATES BONDS.
Bid.Ask. Bld.Ask.
4s qr coup.. — — 4s qr (new). — —
4s qr regr. ... — — 3s qr coup. • — —
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Ala A W 5a. — — IQ T Co 5s.. — 111
Bay CPC Bb.103 104^1 Do con 5^.103 105
Cal CO 59.102 lMfc O W C g 5s. — 97*i
Cal G &. E s ¦-• Oceanic S 3s 73 79
m & ct 8s. — 102% Om R C 6s. — 122&
Cal-st 5a ... — — Pac G 1m 4a. — —
C C Wat 5s. — 102 P E Ry 3s.lO8$4 —
E L & P 68.125 130 P & C H 6a. — —
F & C H &». -»S 116^i P & O R 03. — —
Geary-st 5s.. — 90 Powell-st Os. — 114
H CAS 5XSB.101 — S E G&R 5«. — 103^4
H C & S 5s. 88%10O SF & SJVosll5*i —
Hon R T 6«.106H108 S R of C 65.112& —
L A Elec 5s. — 1C5 S P of A tfa
L A Ry 5s.. Ill — (l!>00) 1C7%1OSK
L A L Co 6s. — — (1910) 108>41C»
Do gtd 6s. — — IS P of A III
Do std 5s.lO2)4lO5% (190S)Sr A.102 —
LAP lem Bs. — 103% (1005)Sr B.103 —
Mkt-st C 6s.ll8 — (1006) ....lWJs —
Do lem C* — 115 (1012) .... — 117}i
NRR of C 6s — 107% SPC 1 eg Bs. — 113%
Do 5s ....114 115«4 Do stmpd.l08%10!>
N P C R Cs.106 — S P B R 6s. — 134
N O R 5s.. — 112% S V Wat 6s.lO5»i —
N C P C 6s. — — Do 4s 2dm. — 99%
N S R 5s.. .ICO — J Do 4s 3dm. DO —
O G L H Bs. — — Stkn G&E Cs 98 —
O T Co 6s.. — 121 lU G & E 5s. — —
WATER STOCKS.
Contra Costa. — 47 (Port -Costa... — —
Marin Co ... 61 — iSp V W Co 29% —
GAS AND ELECTRIC.
Cent L & P. 3% — ]S F G & E.. 6» 67
Mutual E L. 10% 11 S F Gas ... 3 3%
Pac O Imp.. — 03 Stock G & E 5 —
Pao Lighting 55 — UQ&E...— —
Sac B O & R — —
TRUSTEES' CERTIFICATES.
S F G & E.. 65 67
INSURANCE.
Firem's Fnd.325 —
BANK STOCKS.
Am Nat Bk. — 123 LP&A — 170
Anglo-Cal ..— 05 Mer Trust ..225 —
Bank of Cal — 485 Merch Ex . . — —
Cal Safe Dp. — 160 3 F Nation!. — —
First Natlonl — — '
¦ -. ¦ SAVINGS BANKS.
Ger S & L. — — Sav & U Soc 95 105
Hum S & L. — — Sec Sav Bk.40O 800
Mutual Sav. -O — Union T Co. — —
S F gav U.6W —
STREET RAILROADS.
California .. — 205 IPresidio .... — 41
Geary — 80 I
SUGAR.
Giant 66 68 yvigorlt — 5
POWDER.
Hana P Co. — 13c Kilauea S C. — 6
Hawaiian C. 44% 46% Makawell C. 20% 22
Honokaa S C 12 U — Onomea S C. 32 33
Hutch SPC 9% 10 Paauhau S C 15% 18
... . MISCELLANEOUS.
Alaska Pack. — 155 Oceanic S C — 7
Cal Fruit As 94 — Pac A F A.. 2% —
Cal Wine As — 00 Pac C Boraxl67 —
Morning Session.
' " ' Board —
10 Contra Ccata "Water 40 00
10 Mutual Electric Light 11 73
23 Mutua lElectric Light 11 50
50 Mutual Electric Light 11 00
$5000 Oakland Transit Cons Rm 102 00
$3000 S F & S J Valley bonds 116 00
Street —
50 Spring Valley Water Co, s 10.... 40 00
40 Spring Valley Water Co 40 00
California Stock and Oil Exchange
Oil Stock — Bid. Asked.
Alma 135
Apollo 40
Associated Trust Cert SO
Aztec 90
California Standard 11 12
Caribou 100 110
Central Point Con K5
Chicago Crude 21
Clarcmont 25 33
Espcranza 140
Four «a 70
Fulton 3 00
Giant 20
Hanford 130 €M»
Home 82% «3
Imperial IS 00
Independence , 19 20
Junction ¦..*... 19
Kern soi)
Kern River 13 00
Lion 03
Monarch (of Arizona) 5O ' 62
Monte Cr:sto 73 SO
Occidental of W, Va IS 1S»
Oil City Petroleum 20
Peerlesa /. 13 50 ... .
Plttsburg 23 30
Keed Crude 4O ... .
S. F. & McKlttrlck 2 75
San Joauuln o & D 5 25
Senator .73
Sovereign 38 a
Sterling 2 80
Superior 00 07
Thirty-three 7 75
Toltec • 21
Twenty-eight 4 20 4 40
West Shore 2 95
MLfirelianeeun —
Abby Land & Impt 1 50 1 GO
Alamcda Sugar 29 0t>
American Biscuit 88 00 95 Co
American DUtrlct Tel
: Cal (ia* & Electric Corp
Cal Cotton Mills km 00 <j7. 00
Cal Jockey Club li;."i <u>
Cal Shipping Co 23 00
i Cal Title Ins & Tni3t 130 00 140 CO
Central Bank of Oakland.... «> 00
Chutes Company 8 23
Cypress Lawn Imj>t Co « 50 7 23
I Fischer's Theater 2 00 2 75
Gas Consumers' Assn 22 .".¦>
Honolulu Sucar 15 00 IS Oo
Northern Cal Power 8 50 0 50
North Shore Railroad..* 7 00 s <•<>
Orpheum Company 15 25 10 23
Pacific States Tel & Tel 115 W)
Parafflne Paint 33 CO
San Francisco Drydock 47 00
Sanitary Reduction Works... 2 Oo
Sausallto Land & Ferry 16 00
Spcrry KJour C0..1 27 50 30 OO
Standard Electric IS 00
Tesla Coal Co 30 00
Truckee Electric 13 25
Union Sugar 22 50
United Gas & Electric 34 50
OFFICIAL SALES.
Morning 'Session.
Board —
500 Home Oil 05 '
50 Aztec Oil *::%
100 Aztec Oil 80
1000 Independence Oil. b 30 20
500 Independence Oil 2O
3000 Associated Oil Co Stock Tr Cert.. ID
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
reach normal proportions, J this would change
the situation." ' *
CASH WHEAT. • - '
California Club, $1 40@l 45; California
"White Australian, $1 60@l 55; Northern Club.
$1 40@l 42 W; Northern Blue Stem. $1 50@l 65:
Oregon Valley, $1 4C@1 45 per ctl.
. FUTURES. "
Session 0 to 11:30 a.' m.
Open. High. Low. Close.
December $1 41 $141 $1 41 $1 41
BARLEY — Futures were lower and the cash
grain was also eaay, with lower quotations for
brewing: and shipping grades. ;¦.
CASH BARLET.
Feed, $1 12}£<gl 15; Shipping: and Brewing:,
|1 17%@1 22'i; Chevalier, $1 20@i 45 for fair
to choice.
Session 9 to 11:30 a. m.
Open. High. Low. Close.
December $1 11VJ $1 11% $i u# $1 lltf
OATS — There is no further change. Black
and Red continue in demand for seed.
White. $1 20©l 32H: Black. ?1 40@l 60;
Red, $1 20©l 25 for feed and $1 2501 35 for
seed: Grey. $1 22K,<&1 27H Per ctl.
CORN— Continued weakness at Chicago,
whence we ate deriving the bulk of our sup
plies at present, keeps this market depressed,
though there Id no further decline. But Chi
cago continues to offer heavily on this market.
The Chicago letter of Bolton. De Ruyter &
Co. says: ' "The market still seems heavy,
December Corn is better suported than May.
The cash position does this. « Farmers' deliv
eries are still very small and although at the
moment the cash demand Is only moderate
stocks are decreasing. The immediate condi
tions of supply and demand are therefore likely
to control the December price to a great ex
tent; on the other hand the tendency of the
May ?. option seems to be toward lower
prices. Its tone is rather heavy.- It
seems to reflect the preponderance of
speculative' feeling that the new crop of
corn will be marketed at lower prices. Proba
bly the most of successful and Influential of
the local talent is disposed to operate on the
short side. We are Inclined to think, there
fore, we would sell May Corn whenever the
shorts cover freely and -a reasonable advance
takes place." • .• . . .
Western, sacked. $1 32i4 for Yellow $1 32%
for White and $1 80 for mixed; California large
Yellow, $1 i;5<gl 40; small round do, nominal;
White $1 30(&l 40 per ctl.
RYE— $1 2501 30 per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— $2 25Q2 60 per ctl.
Flour and Millstuifs.
FLOUR — California Family Extras, $4*60©
4 85, usual terms; Bakers" Extras. $4 50@4 60:
Oregon and Washington. $3 W)@4 20 per bbl
for Family and $3 00@4 40 for Bakers'.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices In packages are as
follows: Graham Flour, $3 25 per 100 lbs; Rye
Flour. $3 25; Rye Meal. $3; Rice Flour, 17!
Corn Meal, $3 25; extra oream do, $4; Oat
Groats, $4 50; Hominy, $4@4 25; Buckwheat
Flour. $4 50®4 75; Cracked Wheat, (3 75; Fa
rina, $4 50; Whole Wheat Flour, $3 50. Rolled
Oats, bbls, $7 23©8 00; In sacks. (0 75@8 10;
Pearl Barlty. $«: Split Peas, boxes, $7; Grecu
Peas, $5 50 per 100 lbs.
Hay and Fccdstnffs.
Bran, Shorts and Middlings continue very
firm and handlers say • that the I California
mills are not producing enough to fill the de
mand. Hay Is steady or weak, according as
the dally receipts jire large or moderate, but
the net situation remains about the same.
BRAN — *21 6OSj2."I r>er ton.
MIDDLINGS— »27@23 50 per ton.
SHORTS— $21 5<i(52.{ per ton. .
FEEDSTUfFS— Rolled Barley. $24025 per
tor.: Oilcake Meal at the mill, $2U@2u CO; job
bing, $27(027 BC; Cocoanut Cake, $21<&22; Corn
Meal, $32 61)©SW: Cracked Corn, $33®33 50;
Mixed Feed, ?22 50@23 50; Horse Beans, $26(820
per ton.
HAY— Wheat. $13©16, . with sales or extrt
choice at $16 50; Wheat and Oat, Si 2 50<a
15 50; Oat, $12 50(514 50; Wild Oat. $11 5(Xtf
12 50; Barley, $10@12. 50; Stock, $0@10; Ali'ai
fe, $10®ll 50 per ton. . '
STRAW— 40Q«5c per bale. .,,",
Beans and Seeds.
The situation in Beans remains unchanged,
[the- market being unsettled. Li mas are still
\ weak and large White continue in demand for
, overland shipment.
' BEANS— Uayos, $2 3062 40; Pea, $3 25;
''¦ Butters. $3 5ft: email White. $34i:t 25; larjte
White, ?2 W.@2 feO; Pink. $2 35^2 40; Red.
$2 W&3: Lima. $3«?3 10: Red Kidneys, $4 13
f(4 35; Blackeye. ?2 50®2 65 per ctl; Horse
Beane. $1 5(x&2.
! SEEDS — Brown Mustard, nominal; Yellow
j MuRtard, $2 05; Fiax, $1 70(ftl 80; Canary,
! BSftUe for Eastern; Alfalfa. 12®13c; Rape,
I l&^-'^c: Timothy, egeVic; Hemp, 3U©»V4c
1 per lb; Millet. 3@3^c; Broom Corn Seed, $20®
23 ton.
DRIED PEAS— Green, $1 S0©2 per ctl.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
Prices of Potatoes were unchanged,- but the
miukrt was easy, with shocks of all- klnda
heavy. River BuTbanks, which are the weak
i es>t description, continue to arrive freely and j
i are eteadlly accumulating. Carrled-over stocks I
of Sweet Potatoes were offering freely and |
moved slowly at previous- prices. Receipts oft
Onions exceeded 2uOO bags and the market was !
easy. Some dealers were still asking 85c per
cental, but with a. majority of the trade 73c
was the to? price.
The early trade In Vegetables was quite ac
tive and confined cMefly to carrled-over stock.
! The trains with fresh supplies were delayed^by
I the fog on the bay and did not arrive until the
¦ afternoon, when business wan practically over,
' and the bulk of, the receipts had to be carried
I over for to-morrow's market.
: POTATOES— Burbanks irem the river, 50®
i 75c per ctl: Salinas Kurbanks, $1 25&1 45 per
tetl: Oregftfi Burbanks, 75Qs)0c per ctl; llivtr
' Red*, 60<97r>c per ctl: Sweet Potatoes, $1 254J"
; 1 35 per ctl for Merced and $1 25 for Stock
i ton.
OXIONS — 60073c per ctl.
VEGETABLES — Green Corn, 75c@$l 25 per
pack; Groin Pen«, 2@."ie per lb: String
Deans lH<fi2%c per lb: Wax. af.T^c: Lima
Beans, 3> ; <i@5c per lb; Tomatoes, 25@50c per
box; Summer Squash. 3S(i'50c per box; Cab
bage, <;oc D=r ctl; Carrots. JT.V; per sack; Cu
cumbers, 4mff50c per box: Garlic, 3@4c per lb;
Green Pepper?. 3." ©50c ner box for Chile and
50@75c for Bell: Green Okra. "."©flOc per box;
Egg Plant, 40®50c per box; Marrowfat Squash,
$H)@12 per ton.
Poultry and Game.
The receipts of "Western Poultry during the
week were unusually heavy, 7 cars being re
ceived from that source, and the receipts of
domestic stock were liberal. The demand dur
ing the last of the week was light, owing to
the competition of wild Ducks, and as a re
sult the market closed weak, with quite a
quantity unsold. Some dealers were willing to
make concessions yesterday In order to effect
sales, but buyers were scarce. Two cars of
AVestem. including one that came in on Thurs
day, will be on- sale to-morrow.
There were liberal receipts of Game and
there was a general decline In prices, as nearly
all descriptions showed the effects of hot
weather. Hare and Rabbits only were firm,
and the former were quoted higher. The bag
limit law was strictly enforced by the Game
Wardens and no dealer was allowed to handle
more than 50 birds.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys. 20@22c per lb for
young and 14<f/17c for old; Geese, per pair,
$1 75@2; Goslings, $2«2 25: Ducks. $4 50*? 5
per dozen for old and $5©0 for young;
Hens $5 50@0 for large and $4 50(65 for
small'- younu Roosters. $4 fiogS: old Roostere,
S4 50®3; Fryers. $3 5OSJ4: Broilers, $3®
5 50 for large and $2 .Wga for small; Pigeons,
SI per dozen for old and ?2ft2 25 for Squab*.
GAME— Mallard Ducks, $3 00£H per dozen;
Canvasback. $0; Sprig, $2!f?3; Teal, $1 50®2;
Widgeon, ?1 50(32; Spoonbills, $1 50; small
Ducks, ?1 50: Gray Oeese, ?3@4; Brant. $2 50;
English Snipe, ?3 50; common Snipe, $150;
Wild Doves, £1 25; Rabbits, $1 75 for Cotton
tails and ?1 25 for Brush; Hare, $1 25.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
The Butter market la showing more steadi
ness and arrivals are working off better. There
were four steamers in with Supplies from Hum
boldt but they brought less than expected,
' henct? the better feelmg. There is no change
' in Cheese.' Kgge continue very firm, with fine
ranch still scarce and selling readily at 50c.
with occasional sales «ven. above this figure.
Receipts were 30.500 lbs Butter, K)6 cases
Eggs -and 4300 lbs Cheese.
tiUTTER — Creamery, 2Sc for extras and 2G@
27c for seconds; dairy, 21@24c; store Butter,
17^@19c; cold storage, 24@25c; Eastern, 22@
24c per lb.
CHEESE — 12Mc for good flats, 13@13Hc for
choice mild new and H®12c for lower grades.
Young America, 13H£fl4c; Eastern, 15H0
lO^ic: Western. 14$rl 5c per lb.
EGGS — Ranch, 45®50c; store nominal; cold
storage, 30c; Eastern. 21@28c per dozen.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits. •
Fresh supplies of--frults-i from most ssctions
! arrived too late for the regular trade. ¦ the
: trains and boats having bean delayed by the
fog. -The local demand was brisk, as usual on
Saturday, and carried over stock, which was
abundant, cleaned up w?U at about ' previous
prices. Strawberries that arrived late on the
preceding day wire sold to canners at the min
imum quotation, while fresh lots that came to
hand on the early express cleaned up well at
steady - rates. Raspberries arrived . late and
prices ranged lower. Cape Cod Cranberries
are well cleaned up, and as there are none ex
pected to arrive for aome time the market 1«
ttrm at $9 50 per bbl. Coos Bay lots are mov
ing ' more freely owing to the scarcity of the
Eastern goods. The Apple market was active,
but supplies were In excess of the demand and
there was no improvement in prices. 8 In fact;
nothing but fancy Spltzenbergs . brought the
top ¦¦ quotation, ¦ $1" being an' extreme for, all
" other „ varieties. • Pertimmona were | offering
freely and were quoted lower, while ctices . of
other tree fruits had very ¦ little- chanre.
Dealers reported a good demand for choice
and fancy Lemons • and a dull market for
, standard . grade*. .; Good . Valencia Oranges
moved off well. A : carload of choice - atock
j was marketed and cleaned up well at $2@2 5O
1 per box. New crop Grace Fruit was offering,
• ¦.¦¦.¦.¦.- ¦ ¦: '
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, OCTOBER 18, 1903.
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
39
ADVERTISEMENTS.
BHEnBSHHBSKHSEHHEBDHHBBBEBZHBBSSaanDliaaaSIJSBH
| First Mortgage 6% Gold Bonds %
ES nr thf t>
[California Power & De= '[
a velopment Company i
§ OF CENTRAL CALIFORNIA. §
a • si
n THE CALIFORNIA POWER A DEVELOPMENT COMPANY of Central Califor- m
S nia has authorized the issue of $2,000,000 in First Mortgage 6 per cent Coupon Goid S
¦" Bonds, running 50 years, with a 20-year redemption clause. * m
£1 ¦ Interest is payable on the first day of January and the first day of July of each H
¦ Tear at the banking house of the California Safe Deposit & Trust Company, San n
m Francisco. Cal., on presentation of coupons, ' " ».,
S The bonds are secured by First Mortgage on the company's valuable holdings in S
¦¦ ' Sacramento, Placer and Butte counties In California, constating of franchises, pri- ™
B vate rights of way, lana rights, water rights, mineral and timber leases, etc.. to- £3
_ ,' gether with all other property of which the company may become possessed, including m
¦ Foadbed, cars, depots, locks, dams, power plants, etc. "
¦ The mortgage Is deposited with the California Safe Deposit A Trust Company H
M In trust for the bondholders, and the said company, as trustee, certifies to the authen- ft
n tlclty of the bonds. ca
S The security is ample, and the company's plans for Its electric railway from Sac- t-t
H ramento to Orovllle and other points, opening up the richest territory in the State, Lz
H have the indorsement of the best citizens along the line, practically ail of whom El
m are subscribing liberally to the bonds. . Q
¦m The company's purpose is to build an electric railway from Sacramento tj
j= to Orovllle,- with several branches, the whole traversing the great fruit belt K
w Of the Sierra Nevada foothills; the building of a dam on its lands on the Feather j
¦ River for, the purpose of supplying power and light tn addition to the power re- W
m quired for the operation of its own railway; the storage of water for Irrigating B
»i purposes, etc (For a detailed statement of the company's plans see Prospectus B
S Mailed on application.) tj
I $500 fc 000.gg at 75 Cents g
{-[ We offer, mibject to prior sale, tha above bonds to the amount of $500,000.00 at P\
*1 76c on the dollar, which will yield an income of 8 per cent to the holder. The de- z:
B nominations are $500 and $1000. Orders must be accompanied by 10 per cent of the «
M purchase price, when the bonds will be sent to the subscriber's local bank for de- H
S livery. Address, y
| The American Guaranty & Trust Company, |
a , Corner California and Montgomery Streets g
S (HATWARD BUILDING) S
| SAM FRANCISCO. CAL « |
BBBBBgBflBaBBflBBBBBB9flaEJBBBflBBBBanBflflaBBUUlj
AUCTION SALES
fe GRAND pfi
AUCTION SALE
Of Magnificent
ALL-PURPOSE HORSES.
40 head, weighing from 1200 to 16OO lb«..
ages ranging from 4 to 8 years; also several
standard-bred roadsters; Edith.* 2:10: Monaco.
-:15, a.id marea by Director. Guy McKlnney,
etc. These nee horses are all sound, well bro-
ken and suitable for any kind of work. Sala
takes place next •
WEDNESDAY EVENING, OCT. ax.
Commencing at 7 :-».*>.
Occidental Horse Exchange,
240 Third St., near Folsom.
WILLIAM G. LAYNG. Livestock Auctioneer.
Horses at saleayard Tuesday. #
DON'T FORGET THE BIO AUCTION
SALE of horses, wagons. cart3. buggies, sur-
reys and milk wagons and all kinds of single
and double harness: also 1 fine driving dun-
key, cart and harness. TUESDAY, Oct. 20. il
a. m.. 1140 Folaom st.THE SAN FKANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, OCTOBER 18, 1903.
40
REAI^J^^ATj^CITY^FOR JtAJL^.
SHAINWALD, BUCKBEE & CO., *
218-220 MONTGOMERY ST.
$13,500— Stelner St., near Ellis; 3 elegant new
_ flats. Just flnlshed; 6-7 rooms and bath;
all rented; rents $32 50. $37 50. $37 60;
total. $107 60. One of the most artistic
and best paying Investments In the mar-
Let.
$11.000— Reduced from $12,500; Clay st.. near
Buchanan; beautiful 10-roomed resi-
dence; every modern improvement; %
block from public square; lot 25x100 ft;
is being sold at the above figure to ef-
fect an Immediate sale. - ¦
$35,000— Fillraore, corner Sacramento; one
of the best investments" in the market;
handsome lot to Improve.
$8,000— Central ave.. near Pacific ave.; ele-
gant marine view; lot 40x90 feet, %
block from Presidio gate; ready to build
en;" is being offered at above low fig-
ure to- effect quick sale.
$4,250 each — Jackson St., sunny side, near
Baker; lots 27:6xl27:8V4 feet each; fin-
est location la Western Addition for
modern flats; flats in this neighborhood
"will rent for $00, $65 and $70.
$22,000— Fifth st., near Folsom; new building,
. store and lodging-house; rents for $176
per month; lodging-house has 48 rooms
and bath; five-year lease; mortgage $12.-
000 can remain: all repairs made by
tenants; one of the best investments
on the market.'
$30,000— Nob Hill residence; substantial two-
story attic and basement residence: 12
1 , rooms and 2 baths; electric lighting;
good stable; lot 50x127:6 feet. .
$20,000 — New Presidio Heights- residence: first
floor; contains large reception hall and
living room, dining room, breakfast
room, kitchen and butler's pantry. Up-
per floors: Contain 6 bed .roomi and
bath, also billiard room. Basement:
Contains ball room., laundry, servants'
room, furnace, etc.: house Just com-
pleted and sold on account of owners de-
parture from city; lot 40x127:8^4 feet.
$1,750 — Broderlck st., west line, bet. Geary
and Post sts.; 25x100 feet; only two lots
left; very cheap; ready to build on.
$45,000— O'Farrell-st. corner, down town; three
frontages; old Improvements renting for
$158 per month; lot 60x90 ft.; mortgage
of $25,000 at 6 per cent can remain.
$11,000 — Rents $1260 a year; pays 11 per. cent;
3 new flats, 6-7 rooms and bath; lot
25x100 feet. (C. 3261.)
$6,250— Mission st., near 20th; store and 6
rooms; lot 28x122 ft.; make offer.
$8,250— Sutter St., near Gough; house of 8
rooms and bath; rent $50; lot 25x110 ft.
$2,200 — Northwest corner of Castro and Alva-
rado sts.; lot 50:6x105 feet; elegant
view of citj\
$31,750 — Fourth st., near Mission; lot 2S:10x
82:6 ft.* rents nominal; should be Im-
proved.
$15,500— Franklin 'st.. near Broadway; 3 mod-
ern flats of 7 rooms and bath each;
rents $145 per month,
$3,250— Lake st.. near Eighth ave.; lot 65x72
feet to' public park.
$9,000 — Income $UCO gross per annum; 2 ne*v
modern flal9 on sunny, side of Sacra-
mento st.; will pay 8 per cent net; lots
25x100 feet.
$8,000 — New modern flats, close to Jackson
Et. cabl-j line: 6 and 8 rooms and bath
each; rented very low for $57 50; rents
should be increased: lot 25x110 feet.
$7,200 — Presidio Heights residence; Locust St..
near Jackson; almost new; 2-story, base-
ment and attic; 7 rooms and bath and
basement: 3 bedrooms and also room for
servant: lot 25x112:6 feet.
$4,500— Presidio Heights residence lot; Clay
nt., sunny side; marine view; near Lo-
cust st.: size 30x127 :8 U feet.
$35,000— Mission-st. corner; 100 ft. front; pays
over 10 per cent net; stores and apart-
ment house above; fine investment.
$16,500 — California St., near Lajruna; fine resi-
dence of 0 rooms and bath; large lot,
34:4>ixl32 feet; house will readily rent
for $100 per month.
$8,100 — Sutter st., near Devlsadero; substan-
tial residence; stable; large lot; 59:3V4x
114 feet; or will sell 34:3x114 feet for
$6500.
$30,000— 3-story and basement brick building,
Batt«ry st. ; one tenant; leased five years
at $.175 monthly; pays 6 3-10 per cent
net: lot 40x9 i feet.
$17,000— Flllmore st.. near McAllister: fine
modern flats, 7-8 rooms and bath each;
rents $127 60 per month; lot 25x87:6 ft.
$G,000 — Webster St., near Clay; 2-story bay- :
window house of 7 rooms and bath; lot
26xOQ feet to rear street. !
$7,000— Broadway, this side of Van Ness ave.; i
2 modern flats of 6-5 rooms and bath;
rents $53; a pick-up.
Get a copy of our printed list of properties
for sale.
SHAINWALD, BUCKBEE A CO..
Real Estate Agents,
218-220 Montgomery st.
C. M/ WOOSTER CO..
C. M. WOOSTER CO.. ' i
C. M. WOOSTER CO.. '
648 MARKET STREET
$11,000—84:3x137:6; north side of Sutter st.,
near Devlsadero; let us show you how
you can make 18 per cent by improving
this grand property.
$7,750— Rents $060; 4 new modern flats, porce-
lain 1 * tubs, etc.; hear lSthand Castro;
an exceptional bargain.
Only $3500 cash for a magnificent residence of
14 rooms; finished In the finest possible
manner .on the best portion of Pacific
ave.: if you are looking for something
of this class don't fail to Investigate;
price $12,500.
$3,200 — Rents $560: 3 modern houses, only 7
years old; near 18th and Castro; lot 50x ]
125. Is alone worth the money. !
$6,100— Three modern flats on California st..
near Broderlck; rents $CCO; first-class |
condition.
$26,500 — Hayes-st. business property: 3-story
building containing store and 7 flats, on
downtown Hayes St.; rents $2448; lot
35:lVixl20 to rear street.
$11,250 — Three new modern flats flnlshed In
the finest possible style; on I 'ace st.,
near Masonic ave.: rents $1260; lot
25x100.
$6,750^ — Handsome modern residence, 9 looms
and bath; stable; near California and
Pierce sts.: lot 26:6%xl37:6. If you
want a home you can't beat this.
$5,250 — Two new modern flats, porcelain tubs;
wired for electricity: rents $600; lot 25x
1C8: on Broderick street.
$2,500 — Handsome modern cottage of 5 rooms
and bath in excellent condition; near
19th and Castro sts. (
$20,000^ — Palatial residence on an O'Farrell-st.
corner, nenr Van Ness ave.; 3 frontages.
$25,000^ — Rents $2700; the cheapest and best in-
vestment in the city; 6 elegant new mod-
ern flats in the best renting rjortion of
the Western Addition, near Sutter and
Filln-.ora sta.
$3,500 — Rents $4CS; house of 7 rooms and bath;
2 rear flats, near 7th and Howard; lot
25x80.
$6,250 — Rents $732: residence of 7 rooms and 4
flats In excellent condition: Minna St.,
near 8th; lot 30x80.
$9,000—3 new flats on Post St., well built; all
the latest, new, modern, artistic ideas;
rents very low $1C.'1S; lot 25x137:6.
$6,750 — Handsome, modern 2-story bay-window
residence. 7 rooms and bath: on Octavla
St., near Broadway; lot 25x137:6.
$50,000—34:6x120 to rear street; 46-foct front
on rear street; 200 feet from Sutter and
Kearny sts.; downtown retail business
property: wonderful bargain; heavy
mortgage can bo secured.
$18,500 — 3 of the handsomest new modern flats
In the city: on Franklin st. ; rents $1920.
C. M. W f OOSTER CO.. 643 Market st.
A FEW SNAPS.
Must be sold. Make offer. Two handsome
sunny flats. 7 and 8 rooms, bath. This prop-
erty Is strictly In warm belt of Mission; street
bituminized. Dolores st., between 23d and
24th. Lot 28x117:6 to rear street. Will sell ad-
Joining lot. Z"»xll7:6 If desired.
NE. cor. 19th and Dolores; lot 120x120; op-
posite new rark.
<10th ave.; lot 50x120; very cheap.
$7700— Sanchez st.; 3 fine flats, 6 rooms,
bath each.
$2d00 — Church st. ; fine corner lot.
$2100 — Church St.; store and flat, • 4 rooms,
bath.
$2700^ — 2 flats. 4 rooms, bath each: lot 25x125.
$2200 — 30th st.; 2 fine building lots, 60x114;
small amount cash.
$23(XH-Sanchez st., near 28th; cottage 4
rooms; Waller St.; One. residence, 0 rooms,
bath.
Pine, near Taylor: 3 new flats.
Bnnche! «t.. cor. Ford: corner lot. .
Golden Gate ave.: 27:6x120 to rear street.
PATTERSON. 11 City Hall Square.
OWN A LOT
IN THE CITY OF RICHMOND.
The California tnrmlnus of the Santa Fe
Railroad und Standard Oil Company is at tho
city of Richmond, Just across the bay from
Kan Frnnclseo. where these corporations, .to-
gether with the Southern Pacific Railroad, aro
wi'ftiillnK millions of dollars, which will man
It the greatest manufacturing city on the
Paclflo Coast.
$5 per month.
A good wny to save and make money. Maps
free. RICHMOND LAND COMPANY.
Crocker building. 8an Francisco.
YOU CAN BUY
New l( room* and bath; Sanchez, near SOtb.
New ft rooms and bath; Day st., near Noe.
New 5 rooms and bath; Potrero ave. A 23d.
OSCAR HEYMAN,- 14 Post st.
| ¦',;:,
ON EASY MONTHLY PAYMENTS.
% TWO BRAND NEW FLATS.
CALIFORNIA ST.. NEAR 4TH AVE.
OSCAR HEYMAN. 14 Post st. *
CHEAPEST property near water front in the
mrfrket; corner; 300, feet ftmt: suitable for
warehouse or manufacturing purposes; solid
foundation ready to build on; on grade of
. street; near Sansome and Bay sts. . LOUIS
SCHLOSS. 205 Montgomery gt. ' ¦
$2600 — COTTAGE, 3 Boyce st.. near Point
Lobos ave. (1 block from Geary-st. cars), 6
r. and b.. basement; lot 37:6x120 feet; lot big
enough for flats; am compelled to sacrifice;
no reasonable offer refused; owner on prem-
. Ises. to-day from 10 to 12 and l.to 4 p. ni.
MAGNIFICENT new flats for sale on Sixteenth !
•st.".- near Church. Apply, on premises, D. j
CONDON, builder ' :
REAL ESTATE— CITY— FOR SALE.'
LYON A HOAG,
116 Montgomery street.
Send for our printed list of property for sale
In all sections of the city.
FOUR BLOCKS FROM MARKET AND TURK.
$40,000— Fine large lot; old Improvements; no
. leases now; east of. Hyde; right In
town; 50x137:6; 6875 square feet.
FINE SITE FOR AN APARTMENT HOUSE.
$39,000— Corner Fell and Franklin; IVt blocks
from Market; large lot; 3 frontages;
120x82:6.
BIG INTEREST— WESTERN ADDITION.
$9,000— Five flats on Geary St.. near Flllmore:
renting for $95; small flats that always
rent.
FINE MARINE VIEW RESIDENCE IN
TOWN.
$6,150— Near Leavenworth and Chestnut; .-
"story residence of 7 rocms and bath;
large lot, 27:6x110.
GRAND CORNER IN WESTERN ADDITION.
$22.500— Rented low at. $184: 0 fine flats of 6
and 7 rooms and bath; on large corner
lot; a snap; be quick.
PARK PANHANDLE FLATS.
$7.600— Two brand-new flats of 6 and 7 rooms
and bath; dining-room In rear; rent $63;
lot 25x137:6; submit offers.
A HOME AT A SACRIFICE.
1 $5,500 — Offer wanted; brand-new house of 8
rocms and bath; large reception hall;
grand views; Twenty-fifth St.. near Do-
lores; must be sold on account of sick-
ness.
FINE WAREHOUSE SITE.
$25,000 — Downtown business property, near the
Mint; large lot; two frontages: old Im-
provements; present rents $152 per
month; could be Improved to pay good
Income.
$5,000— Harrison at., near Sixth; rent S47: 4
good, substantial tenements; large lot;
- a good Investment; good Improving loca-
tion.,
$0,900 — Clayton St., near Haight: 2 modern
flats cf 5 and 6 rooms and bath; nearly
new; rent $52 50; large lot.
$3.000 — Twenty-second St., near Noe; lot 2Sx
114. with bay-window cottage of 3
rooms, bath, etc.; Is a fine home; cheap.
$7,750— Rent $74 50; blgr enap: new 3-story
building, containing 3 flats of S rooms
and bath; Fifteenth St.. near Dolores;
could not be duplicated for anything
like the price.
$9,750— Rent $92 50; In Park Panhandle dis-
trict, facing Golden Gate Park; 3 new
flats of 7 rooms and bath each and
finished basement; lot 25x106:3; build-
ing only about 2 years old.
LYON A HOAO.
116 Montgomery "st.
A BEAUTIFUL NEW MODERN HOKE
ON EASY TERMS.
$6500 — Brand-new modern house, contain-
ing 8 rooms, bath, etc.; on Shrader st., near
Carl, In Park Panhandle district; this house
Is exceptionally well arranged; has abundance
of Ilzht and sun and Is elegantly flnlshed In
the latest style: can be had on terms of $1000
cash, balance In monthly Installments: house
open for inspection; better see this home at
once.
LYON A HOAG, 116 Montgomery st.
BOVEE. TOY A CO..
REAL ESTATE AGENTS.
117 Montgomery st. Opp. Occidental Hotel
$25,000 — Rents $2160 per annum; 4 elegant
- flats on, S. E. corner on Washington St..
Pacific Heights; handsomely finished in
natural wood: solid brick and cement
foundation, cement floor in basement;
also splendid view of entire Western Ad-
dition; size of lot 50x108 feet.
$25,000— Close to Montgomery and California
sts.; good 2-story and basement brick
building; lot over- 50 feet frontage; pays
6 per cent net- upon asking price.
$20,000— Income $160 per month; O*Farrcll st. :
right down town; 3 elegant flats of 8
rooms and bath each.
$10.000— Sutter st.. north side; rents $1800 per
annum; 3 strictly up-to-date flats of 8
rooms and bath each; nothing better
offered.
$16,600— Hayes st.. close to entrance of Park; 3
strictly up-to-date flats of 7 rooms and
lath each: rents $1824 per annum; mort-
gage of $10,000. which can remain; lot
30x137:6 feet.
$15,000 — A splendid residence of 14 rooms ard
bnth; large reception hall; beautifully
finished; on sunny side of Pierce St..
close to Alamo Square: lot 37:0x112:6
feet: this property cost the present own-
er $25,000; must be sold.
$13,325 — Must be sold at once; Devisadero St..
near Ellis; 3 new flats of 6 rooms and
bath each, having all latest Impts., elec-
tric light and gas; good cement founda-
tion; stone sidewalks; rents $112 50
per month: good size lot.
$12.500 — Colonial residence. Presidio Heights,
north side of street; new and up-to-date
residence of 10 rooms and bath; hard-
wood finish, electric lights and gas
throughout; lot over ' 30 feet frontage
with a depth of 120 feet. <
¦$11,500 — Rents $102 50 per month, north side
of street, close to Park Panhandle: every
room light and sunny; 3 modern flats of
6 and 7 rooms and bath; lot 25x106:3 ft.
$10.000 — Two splendid downtown flats of 6 and
7 rooms and bath each: east of Polk st.
and south of California; in best of ron-
dltlon; always rented: rents $900' per
annum; key lot. 27:CxS7:6 ft.
$9.000 — Two modern flats of 7 and 9 rooms and
bath each; nicely flnlshed; all open
plumbing; gas and electric lights
throughout; solid cement foundation and
marble steps; en choicest part of Fill-
mord Ft.; r?nts $75 per month.
$S,25O— Waller st.. near entrance of Park; 2
new flats, lower of 5 rooms and bath
hnd upper of 6 rooms, two large rooms
In attic; large reception hall for use of
tenants; rents $65 per month.
$1,250 — Mission warm belt, close to Sixteenth
8nd Valencia sts.: cottage of 10 rooms ¦
and bath In good condition; lot 30x100
feet, with large stable.
Further particulars of
BOVEE. TOY A CO.. 117 Montgomery st.
DAVIDSON & LEIGn. 207 Montgomery st.
Opp. Mills building.
Real Estate Agents. Houses to Let.
FLATS.
$6,750 — 3 flats; 4, 4. 5 rooms, baths: rents
$618 per year; Webster St., near Waller.
$3,500 — 2 excellent bay-window flats; 5 rooms
and bath each; all in Al condition; sit-
uated Pond St., near Sixteenth.
$8,400 — 2 excellent modern flats: 6, 7 rooms
and baths; rents $S64 per year; Waller
St.. near Scott: a bargain.
$16,000 — A northeast corner; 3 of the fine«t
flats In the city;. 7 rooms and bath each;
flnlshed basement; charming marine
view that cannot be obstructed; Just
being finished; all the very latest appli-
ances; every room sunny; rents $16°O
per year; bank mortgage of $6500 can
remain; situated near Hyde and Cheat-
nut.
INVESTMENTS
$15,000— Eleventh St.. near Market: large store
and 2 flats above; fine concrete base-
ment; lot 25xS0; a genuine snap.
$08,000—70 feet on East st. by 137:6 feet
through to Drumm St.. facing water
front and adjoining Santa Fe depot-
cheap.
$28.000— Polk St., near Jackson; 2 stores and
4 flats; lot 40xC0; a first-class invest-
ment.
; $105,000 — Mason st. corner, 137:6x137:8- partly
"improved; pays 10 per cent net.
LOTS.
$7,000— Lot 3Oxl07:tf; Gough st. near Page-
choice building lots; only 1 block from
Market.
$12,000 — Northwest corner Page and Gougn;
30x137:6: Just the place for stores and
apartments.
Improved and unimproved property In all
parts of the city; easy terms.
DAVIDSON & LEIGH.
.*¦• '.-"• Removed to
207 Montgomery st. Opp. Mills building.
RAYMOND. ARMSTRONG & CO.. "
Room 2, 7th floor. Mills Building.
$170,000 — Chotce corner on New Montgomery
St., new 7-story and basement brick
building: will pay 6 per cent net.
$18,000— Clay st.. Presidio Heights, new colo-
, nlal residence; 10 rooms, furnace- up
to date.
$6,000 — Wlllard st... College Heights; modern
residence. 7 rooms, bath, etc.; lot S7-6
front; stable, etc.
$3,100— Welsh st.. near 4th: 5 flats; annual
rents $444; water $2 40.
$10,000— Washington st.. west of Baker- lot
75x128; splendid site for flats.
$35,000— Comer Broadway and Baker St.; 125x
132:7: elevated lot, superb marine view.
$23.50O — Six. new flats: modern throughout:
large lots, buildings detached, well
rented: pay handsomely; Broderlck st.,
near Union st.
$5,750— New flats on Greenwich St., 5 and 6
rooms each; pay fine Income.
Ross Valley — Fine list of properties of every
kind, vacant and Improved. $320 to
$05,000; directly on line of North Shore
new electric R. R.
RAYMOND. ARMSTRONG & QQ.
FOR sale — As a whole or In subdivisions; 50-
vara lot. south line Union st.. 137:6 feet east
of Pierce; lot ¦ northeast corner Green and
Pierce sts.; lot 10.1:6x137:6 feet. Inquire of
CHARLES C. BEMIS. Real Estate Broker.
221 Sansorue st. "*
$760O— RENTS $S70; 3 fine new flats near
Church and Market: $5100 cash required; in-
vestment nets 12 per cent. Owner. 1920 Flf-
teenth st. -
BUILD on your unimproved realty: we loan
. full' cost improv. and part lot at 6 per cent
MANHATTAN LOAN CO.. Crocker building!
FOR sale — Fine 2-story residence, 5 ¦ large
¦ rooms, equal to 6. 3818 22d st.. nr. Castro.
FINE' income flats on Fulton, near City Hall:
reasonable. Inquire 142 Fulton St.. owner.
REAL ESTATE— CITY— -FOR SALE.
BALDWIN A HOWELL,
25 POST STREET.
$5,250— Bryant St., near Third; price reduced
from $6500; 2 flats of 4 and 5 rooms;
rents $38.
$4.000— Rents $40; Clement-st. building of 4
flats of 4 rooms eaoh.
$3.S0O — Alvarado st., near Sanchex; new build-
Ing of 6 rooms and bath; lot 25:6x114;
easy terms can be arranged.
$6,500 — Howard-st. residence of 0 rooms and
bath; lot 42:6x115 to rear street; bargain.
$3,250— Cbolce building lot on Howard at, ad-
joining above residence; 30x11* to rear
street.
$25,000— Rents $155; Leavenworth it., near
Turk; lot 25x137:6; front and rear
buildings In good order; choice down-
town Investment.
$24,000 — Mortgage $15,000 at 6 per cent can re-
main; oflly corner on Third st. for sale;
will surely double In value within a
short time; present buildings In good or-
der; new plumbing; rents low. at $1500
per year; splendid location for new per-
manent Improvements.
$17,000 — Only $7000 cash needed, balance can
remain on mortgage at 6 per cent; new
property stores and flats; large lot, 73
feet frontage; rents $103 50 per month;
rents $13(32 per annum net after paying
Interest on Investment of only $7000. %
$17,800 — Large corner. Improved with stores on
ground floor, rooms above; present rents
$132 60 per month — notices have been
served increasing rents to $1S6 per
month; this is a splendid Investment.
$17,B0O— Extra large lot, 37:6x120, on Golden
Gate ave., fronting Jefferson square; an
Ideal spot for small apartment house or
hotel; present Improvements rent low at
$114 month; this can be made & hand-
some paying investment If properly Im-
proved, and sold at a splendid profit.
$S500— RENTS $81.
$8,500 — Rented low at $81 per month; can be
Increased; large lot on north side of Sac-
ramento St., 31:3x127:8)4; * flats In good
order and condition; very low rents; an
opportunity to obtain a bargain.
$3,000 — Splendid 2-story house of 7 rooms;
barn In rear and driveway; lots of sun;
this place is a bargain; Maple st. ; Pre-
sidio Heights.
$25,000 — Leavenworth St., near Turk; lot 25x
137:6; front and rear buildings In splen-
did order; rents $155 per month; this Is
a tplendld downtown Investment.
$20,000 — Broadway, near Laguna St.; large lot,
34:4%xl32:7%; modern residence; 10
rooms; etc.; excellent residence location;
house in perfect condition.
$11,500 — Spruce st., near Sacramento; new
building: 2 swell flats; rents $1200 per
year; lot 35-foot frontage.
$4,000— Rents $40 per month; Clement St.; 4
flats of 4 rooms each; lot 25x100.
$15,000 — Vallejo St., near Hyde; new building,
renting for $140 per month; lot 27:6x
137:6.
$42,500 — Rents $3000 per year under secured
% lease; new building; downtown; Ellis
St.; larce lot.
PARNASSUS Helshts,
Sunset District. >
Part Frontases.
BEACH LOTS.
Cottages and Flats
On Installments.
Branch Office.
H st. and Seventh ave.
Open Sundays.
BALDWIN & HOWELL,
25 Post st.
BUILDING SITES
SUITABLE FOR
STORES OR FLATS.
STABLES. FACTORY,
OR WAREHOUSES.
ON MARKET,
MISSION,
VALENCIA
and TWELFTH ST.
BALDWIN & HOWELL,
25 POST ST.
VON RHEIN REAL ESTATE COMPANY,
513 CALIFORNIA ST.
LARKIN-ST. BUSINESS PROPERTY.
$67,500 — Larkin St., near Geary; Improved
with stores and flats; renting for $450 per
month.
GEARY-ST. NEW FLATS.
$14,500 — 27:6 feet frontage; 8 new flats; rents
$122 50; In the most desirable portion of Geary
street.
COR. OF ASHBURY AND FREDERICK STS.
$10.000 — 61:6x110: NW. corner Ashbury and
Frederick sts.; fine site tor residence or flats.
NEW FILLMORE-ST. FLATS.
$9000 — Four new bay-window flats of 4
rooms and bath each; renting for $85.
Sold by order of the execute™ — Corner Steln-
er and Fell sts., 35x100; corner Oak and Flll-
more sts.. "5x100; large Oak-st. lot. 40x137:6,
Oak st.. near Stelner. The above property must
b* sold at once to close an estate; no reason-
able offer will be rejected.
BUCHANAN-ST. BUILDING LOTS.
fgOOO — 50 feet on Buchanan St., near Sutter;
very desirable locality for either a home or
flats.
MISSION HOME.
$5250 — 37x90 to rear street: San Jose ave.,
near Twenty-fifth; 9 rooms and bath; In the
warm belt.
MISSION HOME.
$4500—30x122:6; Capp St.. near Eighteenth;
2-story bay-window residence of 7 rooms and
bath; renting for $35 per month.
MODERN BAY-WINDOW FLATS.
J45OO Laguna St., near Union; two modern
bay-window flats; rents $34.
CORNER GEARY AND BRODERICK.
$4000 25x92; improvements, flats renting for
$3C ier month.
FILLMORE-ST. BUILDING LOTS.
2 lots, 25x87:6 each; Flllmore st, near
O'Farrell; fine locality for flats; must be sold.
DIAMOND-SI'. COTTAGE. .
$2000 28x125; Diamond St.. near Eighteenth;
cottage, with stable; must be sold at once;
cheapest bargain in the Mission.
CALIFORNIA
TITLE INSURANCE AND TRUST COM-
PANY, 410 MONTGOMERY ST.
MOVED FROM MILLS BUILDING TO MORE
COMMODIOUS QUARTERS IN
HAVWARD BUILDING.
CAPITAL ONE MILLION DOLLARS.
"THE ADVANTAGE OF A. POLICY In the
Cal. Title Insurance and Trust Company when
a man wishes to convert his property into cash
quickly or to make loans upon it. has been
proven again and again by experience. The
man with a guaranteed title finds that he can
borrow money with as much ease as if he had
stocks and bonds."
THE TRUST DEPARTMENT OF THE Cal.
Title Insurance and Trust Company is incor-
porated under the laws of California to
«ict as trustee, assignee, executor or financial
spent, to manage estates, take deed In its own
name for purchasers of real estate or transact
any trust business. The advantages of em-
ploying a corporation In a trust capacity are
obvious.
THE ONLY SAN FRANCISCO TITLE IN-
SURANCE COMPANY having a complete lo-
cality plant or copy of the real estate records,
constructed especially for insuring real estate
titles like modern plants of New York, Boston,
Chicago and Eastern cities; reasonable rates,
regular trust company business transacted
under State charter; all matters controlled and
managed by the following
DIRECTORS AND TRUSTEES:
WILLIAM ALVORD.
President Bank of California.
CHARLES R. BISHOP,
Vice Pres. Bank of California.
ROBERT BRUCE/
Of Balfour, Guthrle A Co.
HENRY L. DAVIS. .
President California Optical Co
P. N. LILIENTHAL.
Manager Anglo-Callfornian Bank.
WARREN OLNEY,
. Olney & Olney, Atty's and Counselors.
CHARLES PAGE,
Page. McCutchen A Knight, Att'ys.
A. T. EPOTTS.
Mcr. Cal. Title Ins. and Trust Co.
JOHN R. SPRING.
Capitalist. 530 California st.
$15,000 — BEAUTIFUL residence on Stelner St.,
near Vallejo ; modern In every respect; hard-
wood floors and finish throughout; grand ma-
rine view cannot be obstructed. ; \
Also have a number of fine homes in va-
rious parts of city at absolute bargains and
will sell on easy terms; no more expensive
than rent.
Also have vacant lots In different parts of
city, on which I will build homes, flats or
stores to s-ult purchaser.
S. A. BORN. Contractor and Builder,
76 Montgomery St., S. F.
"" OCEAN VIEW. "
Lobos street — 4-room cottage; lot 50x125;
$1000; $100 cash, balance $10 80 per month.
Lobos street — 1-room cottage; lot 25x125;
$900; $100 cash, balance $9 CO per month.
W. N. RUSSELL, !
301 California st.. San Francisco.
$700 EACH— 2 lots. Mission st. $250— New cot-
tage, 6r.b. ; Precita ave.: bal. terms. $500—
New flats. 4-5 r. b.; bal. easy terms; 29th and
Mission. $100— Cottago. 4 r. b.; 135 Nevada
ave; bal terms. D. Coffin A Co.. 3303 Mission.
BANK foreclosure property: 10 flats on Bryant
St.: pays 13V6 per cent on investment: $8500;
building almost new; modern. W. N. RUS-
SELL, 301 California St., San Francisco.
IN COURSE OF CONSTRUCTION. ~ ~~~
6 room and bath house on Hoffman are.;
come in and buy It with your rent money.
I have given over 200 people honfts that are
al! paid for" with money that would have gone '
for rent if they had not bought. Make ap-
pointment evenings. Phone Main 5542
JACOB HEYMAN COMPANY. 117 Sutter st.
RE AX E«TATE-~CITY— FOR SALE.
Jt C-BON * BURKB, 80 MONTGOMERY BT.
AT AUCTION! AT AUCTION!
EXTRAORDINARY
AT AUCTION! AT AUCTION!
WEDNESDAY OCTOBER 23TH. 1908.
At our salesroom. SO Montgomery St.,
At 12 o'clock, noon.
SALE OF SELECT PROPERTIES TO
CLOSE THH ESTATE OF BILAS M. LOCKE,
DECEASED.
I J
> . ' ' t»
o — —
MARKET ST.. ADJOINING CORNER OF
MASON.
1034 — Market st., bet. Mason and Powell, an
opportunity of a lifetime to Invest In the
choicest of San Francisco realty. Very center
of retail district. Annual rent $3800.
EDDY 6T.. ONE BLOCK FROM MARKET.
120 to 126 Eddy at., bet. Mason and Taylor.
Directly In line of realty growth. Present
Income $4260 per annum. This property
should be immediately Improved.
CORNER ON MISSION ST.
SW. cor. Mission st. and Grand ave.. bet.
Ninth and Tenth sts. This location is
steadily Increasing In value. Lot 28:4x100.
Present annual Income $504; can be In-
creased.
THIRD-ST. PROPERTY.
An undivided Interest In this property. lo-
cated on west line of Third st., bet. Brannan
and Townsend; 137:0x160 to Ritch St.; two
frontages.
TERMS AT SALE.
For catalogues and particulars apply to
MADISON A BURKE.
30 Montgomery st.
MADISON & BURKE,
REAL ESTATE AGENTS.
ESTABLISHED JANUARY. 1858.
SO Montgomery st Opposite Lick House.
$17.500 — A northwest corned In the commls-*
elon district of the city; rent $176 per
month; cheap.
Sacramento St.. between Larkin and Polk; S
houses and lot. 55x115, paying large in-
come; only $16,000 asked.
Fillmore ft., corner of Geary: 183 feet on
Geary and 137:6 feet on Flllmore: the
largest and finest corner on the market
on any business etreet; $40,000; call fon
particular*.
Jackson st., 5<Vvara lot. corner Lyon; an ele-
gant, tightly building location; com-
mand? grand, unobstructed view and
best neighborhood in city; only $30,000.
$g_OCO — To close nn estate; Dolores St.. near
Sixteenth: 3 houses; rents $60; large lot;
must tell Immediately; call for particu-
lars.
$3 000 — Hay»s-st. investment, near Buchanan;
2 buildinrs; rents $68 50 per month;
27:6x120 to rear street.
$2 350 — Shotwell St., near 24th; 6 rooms and
bath; lot 22:3x122:6.
Cheap home: only $2300; on Twentieth St.,
near Guerrero: 4 rooms and bath; cot-
tage and lot. 25x114.
$4.200 — Eteiner St., near O'Farrell; 25x109:9.
$2,500— Lets on Larkin st.. near Broadway;
$100 per foot.
Choice residence lots on Sutter, Post and
Eteiner sts. in sizes to Bult.
Building lots, northeast corner Golden Gate
ave. and Baker St., in sizes to suit;
prices from $2000 upward.
$1 500 — Snap: northeast corner Sanchez and
Valley ets.; 26:6x100.
MADISON & BURKE.
20 Mentgomcry St.. opp. Lick House.
G. H. UMBSEN & CO..
20 MONTGOMERY ST.
$23,000— Near City Hall on Franklin st.; 2
houses of 0 rooms each; 2 flats of 6
rooms each, and 6 flats of 3 rooms; bey
windows, brick foundation, etc. ; rents
$18S; lot 10a feet front.
$16,500 — Business corner on Third St.; old lm-
ITovrments rent for JUOO per annum.
$l4,0C0 — Rrnts $1440 per annum; 3 elegant,
new, modern flats of 7 rooms and bath
each: on Geary st.. near Laguna;
27:CxS7:6. '
$3,CO0 — Fine business corner near Folsom and
14th ets.: substantial Improvements In
Ftore. flat and 2 houses; 50xSO; rents
${H>6 per annum.
$7.000 — Price reduced; an elegant Park resi-
dence. 8 rooms and bath and basement;
25x126.
$2,700 — To close an estate; price greatly re-
duced to- make a quick sale; rents $228
per annum and over half the lot vacant;
2 flats of 5 rooms and bath each; handy
to «everal street cars; lot 79x86; a real
enap.
For further particulars of the above and for
the Real Estate Record containing a list of
properties for sale 1* all parts of the city,
inquire at our office.
G. H. UMBSEN & CO..
20 Montromery st..
Real Estate Agents and Auctioneers.
j DESIRABLE sunny building lots, close to Du-
boce Park: bitumlnized street; lots level and
ready to build on: a rare chance to obtain a
holding admirably situated and close to the
city at a very reasonable price; diagram,
price and all further particulars at our office.
G. H. UMBSEN & CO..
20 Montgomery st.. •
Real Estate Agents and Auctioneers.
HAWKS & SKELTON.
Rents Collected and Entire Charge Taken of
Property.
$13,000 — Taylor-st. Investment, near Sutter:
lot 22:llxS7:6; new building here would
I>ay well.
$8,500 — Fine house of 10 rooms and large
basemerU: Grove st.. near Flllmore; N.
side; good neighborhood.
$4.500 — Lots en E. side of Vermont St., S. of
25th; ready to build on: 183x100.
$5,500 — Lot north side of Post St., near Bu-
chanan; 25:10x90. j
. $8,000 only for 19 lots on 13th ave. and B St.,
: between Point Lobos ave. and Park;
must be sold as a whole; will front on
the new park; a snap.
$5,100— Lot on SW. cor. Larkin and Lombard
f.ts. : 25x105; magnificent marine view
from every window.
$3,000 — Lot. Franklin, near Filbert; 53x100;
street sewered.
$2,000— Lot N. side Filbert St.. between Van
Ness ave. and Franklin St.; 33:4x137:0;
rtreet s*wered and paved.
$4,000 — Lot. Greenwich St., between Van Ness
ave. and Franklin st.: 66:8x137:6.
HAWKS & SKELTON. 323 Montgomery st.
I FOR SALE BY ~~
! JUL1EN SMITH.
j Real Estate Agent, 420 Montgomery st.
i Northwest Corner.
Lot 42:6x73:6. $8000
Near Devlsadero and California sts. ; level
block: smooth street; prettiest, sunny corner
on the ir.arkel; can sell 82:6x120 If desired.
HOWARD STREET.
Lot 60x90; ncrth Bide, near Seventh; rents
$82 50; price $1C.COO; 1 block of new Post-
office; reasonable offer entertained; 2 stores
and lodging house.
TWENTY-THIRD STREET.
Pretty home. C rooms, basement, attic;
side entrance; brick foundation; cement
bulkhead: all In perfect condition; lot 25x114
and extra lot same size; price $4 '.'GO
CALIFORNIA STREET.
Near Devisadero st.; 2 excellent pieces of
business property: lots each 27:6, full depth-
fair Income: 2 houses on each lot; price
$0500: growing Investments; large stores
now. others bulldincr.
ANOTHER CORNER.
Northeast comer at that; stores and tene-
ments; rent^now $63; should be and can be
$75; price $flOO. Please call Monday.
READ AND CONSIDER!
You are not wise to pay rent all the time In
an old worn-out house .and make the landlord
rich and have nothing to ehow for It.
Come to the Jacob Heyman Company; they
j will furnish you the plan and money to build
a new Cottage or Flat on your own lot or pro-
vide one for you, to be paid back on small In-
ctallments.
Time nVs and before you are aware of It
you get a Deed to your property free and clear
JACOB HEYMAN CO.. 117 Sutter st.
CASH buyer— $2500 to $2000; flats any part of
city. Box 34i>7. CalL
TC^NHAM * MARSH CO.. MoaMomery , t
BARGAIN ON VAN NESS AVE. •
Corner of Van Ness ave.. near Turk rtj^
123; rents $4i0 a month: pay. food Interest,
rent can be raised to $550.
?e e eV; S- "^
4* per cent; ground rent; no leases.
PAYS 11 PER CENT NET.
$36,000— Only half cash: new building on Fcs-
•t.. only 5 minutes' walk from Kearny.
FAST BECOMING BUSINESS PK?P E R. TT f -
$26,000— Downtown property on O *' a "T e " "V
new building; pays 7 per cent, double nan*
Interest.
PAYS $.50 A MONTH-
$3250— Store and flat on Eleventh ft.
• PAYS $40 A MONTH.
$5750— Nlnth-st. business property.
VERY FINE INVESTMENT.
$13.000— Rents $112; Grove St.; fine flats: large
lot to rear street.
A BARGAIN*.
$1700— Rent $10; Greenwich st.. n«r Stelner.
two flats.
CHEAP LOT.
SHOO — Twenty-third st.. near Noe; large lot.
25x114.
BCRNHAM A MARSH CO..
211 Montgomery »t.
REAL ESTATE — Conn try— -For gale.
A- ' A- A- A-
MODESTO IRRIGATED LAND.
Cbolce 20 and 40 acre tract* In oar fine col-
ony, dote to Modesto. The best land la t&«
Modesto Irrigation district.
$50 PER ACRE. •
This land Is unequaled for alfalfa; six cut-
tings, 10 to 12 tons la a season: w«-J«f K o< "»
with the land and there Is plenty of It; close
to schools, churches, etc. ,.«.~.
AN IDEAL LOCATION FOR A HOME.
SOME LARGE TRACTS A3 LOW AS $30 PER
ACRE.
Now U the time to buy at Modesta while,
good land Is cheap.
CHAS. F. O'BRIEN. 30 Montgomery st.
A PAYING VINETARD.
$22.500— 160-acre vineyard, near Fresno: ISO
acres In full bearing; Muscats and Malagas:
full water right; rich soil: no alkali and no
disease: 20.000 trays; a fine paying raisin
vineyard; owner not able to look after It and
' offers It at this very low price.
"Walnut Creek; nice little hom« of 5 acre*.
with 5-room cottage, barn, good well, etc.; 4
acres In olives, 1 acre almonds and walnuts:
this would pay as a chicken ranch; price $2SOO.
CHAS. F. O'BRIEN. 30 Montgomery st.
HUGH M. CAMERON. 105S BROADWAY.
11400—15 acres: 12 acres full-bearing vineyard
(fenced in two fields): barn and well; j
miles from Pleasanton.
$2500—47 acres under cultivation. fenced:
house of 5 rooms, bam and outbuildings,
stock and farming implements; 4 miles
from Llvermore.
|5000 — 160 acres, good house and barns, 30 head
of cattle, 4 horses and all farming Imple-
ments; 5 miles from Pleasanton.
S33C0 — 10 acres: 4 acres prune orchard; 1 mi!»
from Haywards; \i mile from electric car;
modern cottage of 5 rooms: good barn;
well; windmill; 2-story tankhous*.
$30C0— 5 acres orchard and chicken ranch:
house of 8 rooms, barn, chicken houses
and yards; water piped to house and barn
from spring.
HUGH M. CAMERON.
105S Broadway. Oakland. Cal.
$7000— EASY payments; 2S0 acres Cne land for
fruit, table or wine grapes, Sacramento Co.:
100 acres Is creek bottom, land.
$3000 — Improved dairy ranch of 40 acres. >j
bottom land; adjoins the town of Gait:
creamery M mile.
$t>500 — $2000 down: Improved dairy ranch of
140 acres. bottom land; 8 miles from
Lockeford. San Joaquln Co.; plenty of fee^l.
|80o — Improved place of 12 acres, close to
school; 9 acres bottom land: good house,
barn, water and plenty of wood; some frul:
and berries.
$400—10 acres choice fruit land. cIosb to
• school and neighbors: Sacramento County.
$600— For rent. 320 acres: finely Improved
grain ranch ; near Acampo, San Joaquln Co. ;
\k down.
For rent on shares — Grain land, from 400
. acres up; Sacramento County.
Address box 15. Gait.
MENDOCINO COUNTY.
Great railroad and other developments
koi now is "the time to invest.
We have for sale near WlUIts. 1973 acres
of choice improved farming, fruit, grazing
and timber land, which we can sell as a
whole at the cheap rate of $13 per acre;
would also sell In subdivisions.
McAFEE BROTHERS.
108 Montgomery st.. San Francisco.
ONE of the prettiest ranches In Castro Valley,
about 1 mile from Haywards; this beautiful
ranch Is all In bearing orchard: about 8 acros
In Bartlett pears, balance In assorted fruit.
Including some 50, Or 60 cherry trees; a larga
5-room cottage, nice stable, chicken-house;
all fenced: with all fanning implements;
property In vicinity Is selling for $500 per
acre. For Information Inquire at
HOLCOMB. BREED & BANCROFT.
1060 Broadway. Oakland.
$5000 — 10 acres rich soil, warm belt adjoining
San Jose. In prunes, apricots and peaches,
all bearing; near electric cars; windmill,
tank, drying plant, frulthouse, trays, hard
flnlshed house, barn, poultry, etc.; exchange
for house and lot or sell half cash.
PETERSEN REALTY CO.,
Tel. Mint 756. 1033 Market st.
A NICE HOME—
$300; improved chicken ranch of 12 acres.
9 acres bottom land; 6 miles from Lockford.
Ban Joaquin Co.; small rustic house, new
barn, fine well of water, some fruit and ber-
ries, wood: close to bcTjooI and free rural
delivery. QUIGGLE. 9 to 10 a. m. WHIT-
AKER & RAY CO.. 723 Market St.. or
address box 15. Gait.
2 ACRES land, adjoining 1 Union Park. Colma:
fenced hedges around land; good house:
chicken-houses, water: reasonable; chicken*.
ducks. R. S. THORNTON. 416 Examiner bid.
$10 A MONTH buys a 10-acr» farm.
Write for booklet: It's free.
WRIGHT & KIMBROUGH. 603 J st.
Sacramento, California.
FOR farms, stock ranches, fruit and poultry
farms, grazing and timber lands, call on or
send for catalogue. ROTHERMEL A CO..
507 California st.
IF you want a stock ranch, dairy or coloniza-
tion tract, write CHAS. W. COE & CO.. U
West Santa St.. San Jose. Cal.
ALFALFA lands, stock ranches, orchards.
vineyards; Inspected bargains; monthly cata-
logues sent free. C. M.^VOOSTER CO.. »IS
Market st. r
BUY a cheap home; send stamp for list: chick-
en ranches, alfalfa, stock, fruit and general
farms. W. J. WHITE. 26 Montgomery st.
ALFALFA our specialty: best alfalfa land at
$20 per acre; ditch and artesian water. P.
H. JORDAN CO.. 116 Montgomery st.
52 ACRES fruit or grain land, near Esparto.
Yolo Co.: cheap. Address E. A. KNEIB. Di-
mond. Cal.
FOR sale or leaser — Kan Pedro farm. 410 acres;
15 miles from S.F.Apply Madison & Burke.
FOR poultry and dairy ranches yielding a good
profit. HAMILTON & KENDRICK.Petaluma.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents — The Weekly Call.
76 pages. In wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
Valencia street. --¦' ¦¦-• ?•¦'¦ -
SAN MATEO REAL ESTATE.
SUBURBAN HOMES '""
AT SAN MATEO PARK.
SA* MATEO.
Beautiful home lots, averaging about 1 acre
each, in San Mateo Park, the finest suburban
tcridence property near San FrancSsco; this
property, the famous Clark Tract, held for over
42 years by the same owners, recently subdi-
vided into cottage, bungalow and villa horns
sites with wide and winding avenues; bor-
dered with thousands of costly shad- trees
and cempricinr the most desirable of all the
eligible honw sites tn> beautiful San Mateo.
Suburban electric trains now running every
CO rasnutes from San Francisco for San Ma:eo
Th«fe villa lots will be eold on terms of on*i
third cash, balance In one and two years
For maps, catalogues and full particulars
apply to or address BALDWIN A HOWELL.
Real F.t.tate Agents. 25 Post st. a F or
FRANK S GRUMMOS. San Mateo.' *"
San Mateo office open Sundays.
SAN MATEO. "BURLINOAMe!
Best suburban homes near San Francisco- no
ferry; electric railroad now running; lots and
residences for sale; we can sell good lot* aa
low as $5CO each: we will be glad to show
them. We al»o have some acreage land near
by as low as $100 to $20O per acre.
¦ McAFEE BROTHERS
1C8 Montgomery St.. San Francisco. Resident
Agent. S G GOODHUF, Western Union
TelegTaph building. San Mateo.
ROSS VALLEY REAL ESTATE.
THE Mann place. Ross Valley, will bT7fl>~re4
for sale the next thirty days; prle* $20,000.
i Address box 16. Roaa.
SAJT FRAJTCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE ef — • Baa Francisco
Call, corner Market and Third streets; open
until 12 o'clock every night In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— 527 Montgomery street,
sorter Cay; cp«n i_Ul 0:30 p. m.
300 Hayes etreet; cpen until 8:S0 p. ta,
«39 McAllister street; cpen until 8:S0 p. m.
613 Larkin street; — lUl 8:80 p. xn.
1»41 Mission Etreet: opea until 10 p. ta,
2261 Market street, corner Sixteenth; opea
cntll t p. xa,
106 Eleventh atr««t: opea uatll » p. m.
10&3 Valencia etreet; cpen until 8 p. m.
Northeast corner Church and Duncan streets; :
•pen until 9 p. ta. i
Northwest corner of Twenty-second and
Kentucky streets; open until 8 p. m.
2200 Fillmore street: open until » p. m.
REAL. ESTATE — CITV — FOR SALE.
SPECK & CO.. _,_
667 MARKET ST.. OPP. KEARNT.
R'tl Estate Agent* and Rent Collectors.
Full Charge Taken of Property.
EELECTED INVESTMENTS.
JONES-ET. CORNER.
$140.000— Magnificent brick 6-story building:
10 years' secured lease; annual net
rents f:*CO0; lot COxSS feet. !
FoURTH-ST. CORNER.
$65.000 — 75xlOu feet: main cor.-ier; storee and ¦.
apartment* above: pays C j>?r cent net; I
a safe investment.
WESTERN ADDITION CORNER.
$50.000— Animal rents $5172; beautiful modern .
building ; lot 87x55; r&ys over 10 per I
cent: rents $iSl; bank mortgage of i
$26,500 cen remain.
EDDY-ST. CORNER.
*20.000— E— « of Larkln; 37:CxS7:« feet: stores
aad lodging-house: pays 6 per cent net;
offer cf $47,000 refused.
NORTHWEST CORNER.
I50.C0O— 137:exl37:C; substantial Improve-
ments: Insured for $20,000; mortgage
$30,000 at 64 per cent can remain;
paye S per cent net.
SECOND-ST. CORNER.
•48.000— 1H blocks frcra Market St.; 47 feet
front; cheapest downtown corner to be
had near Market *t_; a chance to make
a turn at good advance.
CHANCE FOR SPECULATORS.
$40.000— Lot 82x275; 2 frontages: 108 rooms;
reau $250; cne tenant; caa be easily
leased at $400.
GOLDEN GATE AVE.
$23, COO — Golden Gate, near Van Ness ave. : 42
xl20; 2 frontages; rents $144; can be
Increased to $170; fine site for apart-
ment house.
POLK-ST. BUSINESS PROPERTY.
$:2,000— 6tcrr-« and lodging-house; yearly
rents $1'j80; lot SO feet frontage; pays
over 0 per cent; bank mortgage of $10,- j
000 can remain. I
SANROME-ST. CORNER.
$17,600 — BuEincMf corner; stores, basement and
floor above; rents $153; pays 11 per
cent.
OCTAVIA-ST. RESIDENCE.
$17,500 — Choice location; 14 rooms and baths;
S bedroom?: lot 35x137:6.
DOWNTOWN INVESTMENT. !
$16,600^ — O'Farrell st., east of Van Ness; pays j
10 i-er ornt net by assuming $f>0W
bank mortpage; rents $115; lot 27:6x J
120; 2 frontages. j
WAPHINGTUN-ST. RESIDENCE. 0 ,
f 15,000 — Modern 12-rocm residence; marine |
view; building alone cost mere than
rrtre a*ked: lot 40xl2S feet.
ELEVENTH ST.
$13.600 — Let PftiryW feet; 2 frontages: nominal I
improvements: fine site for warehoube. j
dravajr> or automobile garage purpose, j
PINE-ST. CORNER.
$12,500 — SE. corner Pine and Webster sts.; .
€2:CxlfX>: er>!enui<l cite for flats.
$6.500 — Three f.ne tiats; vicinity Eighteenth ;
and CaMro; rents $58 a month; lot j
2rxl25.
55.500 — Washing-ton ft., near Spruce; lot 50 '
xl27:M.4. worth S00O0; want offer.
K,' .'• '¦ — New eottc^e in Mission; 6 rooms anc" j
bath; fine lot. '
$1,400 — Corner lot near Golden Gate Park; ¦
25xiO<> f»>et.
SPECK & CO.. CC7 Market st.
McAFEE BROTHERS.
10S MONTGOMERY ST. ,
PANHANDLE COTTAGE. ;
New modern up-to-date 7 rooms and bath; j
©n!y $4250.
20 LOTS. 20 LOTS.
Just put on the market: on Frederick St.. one :
block from Stanyan. facing Into Golden Gate i
Park: all ready to build on; a fine chance for ;
a builder; pricff from $1250 to $1600; cheapest !
lots In the market. j
THIRD STREET.
Between Fcl&om and Harrison; 25xS0 feet; 1
rente $75; urice $14,600.
THIRD-STREET CORNER.
40 feet frontage; old improvements: renting ]
for $56 monthly; cheapest buy on Third St.; i
price $16,500. i
SACRAMENTO ST.
Between Walnut and Laurel: 50x112:6 feet;
only $3350; very cheap; street bltuminlzed;
cars f ssa. . ,
McALLISTER-ST. LOT.
Between Scott and Devisadero; 27:6x137:6;
only $3250.
FELL-ST. FLATS.
Fronting on the Park Panhandle, near Lyon ;
et.; 4 and 5 rooms; rent $4C; lot 25x100 feet; I
price $3000. . !
IN THE MISSION.
Two flats and two stores.; lot 36:8x57:6; rent-
ed fcr $71; rrice $7200.
El'TRO HEIGHTS.
ON EASY TERMS.
A FINE CHANCE.
To secure a beautiful marine view lot over-
looking Golden Gatf and the ocean; on main
driveway to Sutro Heights; gas and water in;
street cars pass; the^e lots will soon be worth
big money: buy one on easy terms; prices only
$S50 up to $500; you won't get this chance
again.
FINE LOTS.
On north side of Jackson st.. near Devi«a-
dero; 27:6 feet frontage: prices $3750 to $5750.
McAFEE BROTHERS.
108 Montgomery st.
B. GETZ. ROOM 227 CHRONICLE BLDG.
OWNER AND DEALER.
<":cean Heights and Ocean Boulevard Lots!!!
New Level Block on the Market.
All L#ts and Corners Have Grand Ocean View I
FirstCome- — First Served
$:00 to $100; Splendid Bargains; $5 Monthly.
I3TH AVENUE BOULEVARD LOTS'.!!
THE CREAM OF THE SUNSET'::
LOOK AT THEM YOU'LL LIKE THEM
Elevated — "LatvcI — Graded — Ready to Build On
On Very Easy Installments.
EXCELSIOR HOMESTEAD LOTS!!!
WARM BELT OF THE MISSION!'!
If You Haven't Seen Them Go at Once!
Choicest "Home" Bldg. Lots. Perfectly Level
$150 up $5 month On Mlsslon-st. car lice
$300 to $1200 Sunset and Richmond Lots!!!
$1000 to $5000— New Cottages — Easy Terms.
Sunset. Richmond and Excelsior.
"Buy Direct from Owner" Title Perfect.
R. D. CRANSTON & SONS. ~~
Real Estate and Insurance Brokers,
114 Montgomery st.
$9,000— Swell 8-room residence on the sunny
ride of Hairht Et., near Pierce; lot
S4:4'ixlU».
$7.50rt_Rents $«10 a year; two attractive new
flats of 6 a«d 7 rooms; facing Bucna
Vista Park.
$12,000— Three rubstantial and attractive new
flats on a Fillmore-st. corner; rented
low for $1110 a year.
J4.000— Fine Urge lot. 27:6x137:6. en sunny
side of Haicht Ft., near Dev'gadero
Sn.lOC — Lo<-k at thi?; Jurt completed; splendid
5-room cottage '.n Mission warm belt
$7.500— A snap; rent $M6 a year; on Fell near
Buchanan. runnir.g_ through to' rear
street; 27:6x120. %
?2.2C0— A rick-up: 2 cottages paying over $30
a month and lot 25x120, on 4Sth ave
r.ear J street; grand marine view
$10,500— Magnificent home of 15 large sunny
tooms. Uautli'ul lawn, garden, etc :
mnrtgar* of $3.r.0O can remain; lot 37x
10f, : m-ar Golden Gate Park.
«.C00— Price reduced to <-]o«e an estate; on
Ashbury St.. n«ir Waller: beautiful new
home of 'J rooms and bath; hardwood
finish, etc.
$«. 000— Four eplendid flats: near Bush and
Franklin gts.; rent $S16 year; lot C0x60.
BARGAIN — Two handsome new residences of
*t rooms and bath; sunny, modern and up to
date In every particular; Nos. 0C6 and 9CS
ii!?£° n TimSS" G^™ Gate Park: prire
' ¥ ii f£j£ a ,fl' i $?- ArpIy n - D - CRANSTON
<r SONS. 114 Montgomery et.
$1S.O(X»_c FLATS. 4 and 5 rooms; San Jose
ave.: rent$154S; size CDx'.ir; 12 percent- new
iJCOO-North !!ne of Waller st.; new and
modern; Vt flats; n>r.t $10<X>.
E2Sh"2_? flat ' : npw : rrnt *RCO; snap.
*. .1 Two new nat «: near Sacramento st.
and Klrrt ave.; rr?nt t2T0.
N'o. 1WS SA ave.: rlegent new 7-rootn and
bfth dwelling; $3C00; ?asy terms.
$1400— Like rent; new 4-room and bath cot-
tare: near 17th. north of Market
RICHARD F. WELLS. C.J(j Market St.
ARE YOt; LOOKING FOR A HOME?
We will buy you a lot and build or buy you
a home in any part of the city. Have you a
lot? We will loan you full cost of a home on
. monthly payment*. Interest 8 per cent. Esti-
mates and flans free.
PACIFIC HOME BUILDING CO..
Jl__Montgomery st.
FOR rale— Three lots. MisFion dlFtrictT Twen"
ty-»w»venth Ft. and San Jose ave.; $1100 and
$1200: this is a bargaJti: will pell one or all-
no agents. Address W. H. ROUSSEL, 19
C*:::crn:a St. ,
REAL ESTATE— CITY— FOR SALE.
EASTON, ELDRIDGE 4 CO
638 MARKET ST.
AUCTION.
AUCTION.
Tuesday f.Y.^T!?. 1 ?' . . October 27, 1903
At our salesroom, 038 Market at.
At 12 o'clock noon.
O FARRELL-STREET FLATS.
ilxres handsome new fiats. 1123-25-27 O'Far-
rell St., west of Franklin; absolutely new, mod-
ern in every respect; a revelation as to archi-
tecture; steadily rented for $160 per month.
PINE-STREET RESIDENCE.
North line of Pine st.. 129:8 feet west of
?.£ T f, e i No - 25 »: extremely large lot. 42:4%x
ijM.o reet; Improvements consist of a handsome
10- room residence; flnlshed attic and high base-
ment, brick foundation; plumbing in strictly
nrst-class condition; rooms spacious and sunny;
beautiful ground*, driveway, etc.. and a mod-
ern hard finished stable in the rear at the lot;
this residence could easily be changed into flats
or enlarged for a sanitarium.
FULTON-STREET FLATS.
South line of Fulton st., 111:6 feet west of
Buchanan; Nos. 739-31-33 Fulton st. and
through to Birch ave.; 5 magnificent new flats,
» months old., renting for. f 130 per month;
mortgage of $10,000 can retrain at 6?« per cent
and be paid off on easy t<*ras.
WEBSTER-STRiaiT FLATS.
line of Webster st.. 120 feet south of
Fulton;. Nob. 711-713; extremely large lot. S3x
82:6 feet; 2 modern flats of 6-7 rooms and bath
each, high flnlshed basement: rents $07 50 per
month; concrete sidewalk, brick foundation,
street bitumintzed
WHITNEY-ST. INVESTMENT AND
,_ BUILDING LOT3
»nT' Bt T llne of Whitney st.. bet. Randall and
30th; Nos. 70- (2; Improvements consist of two
substantially built flats; always rented for $24
per month; 4 r. and b. each; also 3 large build-
ing lots adjacent; this property will bear In-
spection.
SHIPLEY-STREET INVESTMENT.
South line of Shipley st.. east of 6th; No. 275;
Improvements consist of 4 very fine flats of 4-8-
6 rooms and a desirable stable; rents $45 per
month and could be Increased
O'FARRELL-STREET BUILDING LOTS.
South line of O'Farrell st., 80 feet west of
Flllmore; 2 magnificently situated building lots.
25xl3i :6 feet each; these lots are located in the
best portion of the Western Addition.
JONES-STREET INVESTMENT.
East line of Jones st., 47 feet north of Jack-
son; Nos. 1506-08-10; extra size lot. 4Tx78:6
feet; improvements 2 modern flats of 6-6 r. and
an elegant 10-room house; present Income $840
per annum.
J3UENA VISTA AVE. BUILDING LOTS.
Southerly line of Buena Vista ave., between
Congress and Evergreen »ts. ; 3 large sized
building lots, commanding a magnificent view;
take Haight-st. car. transfer to Masonic avo.
UNION-STREET RESIDENCE.
South line of Union st., west of Taylor; No.
027; lot 27:6x127:0 feet; improvements beauti-
ful 2-story residence, 10 rooms and bath; new
plumbing, patent flush toilets, brick foundation,
patent concrete sidewalks; this property com-
mands o. fine marine view
RICHMOND BUILDING LOTS.
East line of 44th ave., 40 feet south of B
st.; two lots. 50x120 feet; this property is ex-
ceptionally well situated and affords an ex-
cellent opportunity for an Investment.
EASTON, ELDRIDGE & CO.. ""*
... -^ " 638 MARKET STREET
$14,000— Oak st.. near Kaguna; rents $1320 a
year; 3 fine flats of 6 r. and b. and 3
. flats on rear street; large lot. 27:0x120.
$13,500— Rents $1290 year; J elerant modern
fla s of 7-8 r. and b. ; Dovisadero St.. near
Fulton; owner anxious to sell; bank
mortgage $7000 can remain.
$10,000— Rents $1218 year; store, 4 bay-window
flats of 4-5 rooms; fine condition; corner
near 6th and Howard sts. ; cement side-
walk. . |
$8,600— Rents $840 a year: 3 new modern flats
of 5-8-6 r. and b.; Hyde St., near Broad-
way; cars pass the door.
$6,750— Rents $690; Mission warm belt; 2 new
modern flats of 6 rooms, porcelain b.iths;
every modern convenience; 18th St.; sun-
ny tide; cars paEs the door; cement
walk; street bitumlnlzed; this property
nets over 9 Der cent.
$0,500— OFarrell St.. near Flllmore; large resr-
dence of 11 rooms, bath, basement;
modern plumbing; Improvements alone
cost orlce asked.
$6,500 — Elegant residence of 6 rooms, bath,
large flnlshed basement and stable; im-
provements in first-class condition; best
residence portion of Stelner st.
$6,000 — Biggest bargain on Golden Gate ave.;
3 bay-window flats of 4-5-6 r. and t>. :
sunny side of street; rents $504 year; lot
25x137:6 feet.
$5,000 — Two, nice flats of 4 r. each; in good
order; rents $408 a year; Natoma St.,
rear 6th; 25x75 feet: cement sidewalk.
$4,750 — Reduced from $5750; handsome modern
residence of 10 r. and b.. tiled manteis".
billiard room, attic, large halls, electric
appliances, etc.; cement' sidewalk; street
bltuminizcd; a big snap; present mort-
gage $2500.
$4,700 — The rents are $47 month at the present
time; could bring more; 4 flats of 3 r. ; a
good renting portion south of Market st. ;
lot 25x75 feet.
$1,200 — Devisadero st.. near Fell; very cheap
lot. level .*nd ready for. building:
26x106:3 feet.
$4,000 — Leavenworth st. ; snap; 2 frontages; 2
fine flats with large basement, stable,
etc. ; rent $450 a year.
$3,600 — Rents $36 1 year; 2 excellent flats of 5
r. and l>. ; on Minna st. ; nothing to be
spent on tfce property and the rents
could be raised.
$3,000 — Uaker st.. close to Sutter: cottage of 4
r. and basement; cement sidewalk; street
bitumlnized.
$2,5C0 — Handsome cottage of 6 r., b., larsr* I
basement, etc.; on Point Lobos ave.; lot I
25x100 feet. "
EASTON, ELDRIDGE & CO..
638 MARKET ST.
HEADQUARTERS FOR PARK LOTS!
$500 to $1200 — Only graded lots fronting
boulevard, ocean and park. Unobstructed
view from every lot. Fronting electric cars.
Dcn't miss this opportunity. Easy terms.
$60 to $250 — Near ocean and park — $5 monthly.
Oceanslde branch offl.ee on 49th ave. and K st.
OPEN SUNDAYS.
SELLING FAST— SEE THEM TO-DAY.
$500 to $1000— New lots In Sunset District.
Graded and sewered, near cars, $10 monthly.
Sunset branch office on 6th ave., near H st.
$150 to $200 — Level Excelsior Homestead lota
near Misslon-st. electric cars — $5 monthly.
Choice Richmond District lots. $10 monthly.
$1000 to $3500 — 4, 6 and 6 room modern cot-
tages. Sunset, Richmond and Excelsior
Homestead. All bargains!
Easy terms. v
SOL GETZ & SON. . owners and dealers,
Room 64, Chronicle building.
A. J. RICH & CO.. REAL ESTATE AGENTS
112 MONTGOMERY STREET.
$300,000.
Geary St., close trf Kearny. The Safest In-'
vestment In San Francisco for Capitalist.
$100,000.
JCearny St.. near Sutter. A Sure and Safe
Investment; guaranteed rent for all time. i
$100,000.
Bush st.: large corner, near Kearny; worthy
o* Immediate investigation; property pays a
large rental on the investment.
A. J. RICH & CO..
112 MONTGOMERY ST.
JOSEPH STRAUB, 630 Market st.
$2100— Cor. Twenty-flfth and Wisconsin sts.;
new cottage of 4 rooms, bath and basement;
good location for grocery; $300 down $15 month.
$1750 — FJne new cottage of 4 rooms, balh and"
basement: S3C0 down. $15 a month; Wisconsin
st., near Twentv-flfth.
. $2400— HouEft of 2 flats and attic; basement,
rear house; vicinity Mason and Filbert sts.
N. W. COR., 44x103. Western Addition, grand
marine view; $4800; a bargain; rest of block
built up with flats that bring high rents; fine
corner to improve; cars pass. ¦ W. J. GUNN
630 California St.
ONLY $12»5 — A bargain: west sirle, Sixth ave.,
north of Lake; 25x120; street work dene; elec-
tric cars clpse by. W. J. GUNN, 630 Cali-
fornia St.
CHEAP lots, sunny side Union, with fine ma-
rine view. $1750.. W. J. GUNN, 630 Califor-
nia st. ¦ ,
N. H. LANG & CO.; 40 Montgomery st..
Exclusive Dealers in Probate and Bank Realty.
$4000— Stylish, up to date residence In Mis-
sion warm belt* Just completed; containing 7
rooms ahd bath, elegant flnlshed plumbing and
hardware throughout; adjoining homes have
all found new owners within last two months;
sold to close partnership account; easy terms
If desired.
DESIRABLE sunny building lots; close to Du-
boce Park; bitumlnlzed streets; lots level and
ready to build on; a rare chance to obtain a
holding admirably situated and dote to the
city at a very reasonable price; diagram,
price and all further particulars at bur office.
/ G. H. UMBSEN & CO., 20 Montgomery st..
real estate agents and auctioneers.
$11.500— $1500 CASH; not yet completed, but
rented for $1200 per year; 3 marine view
flats, Nos. 2068-70-72 Union St.. E, Webster;
every room Is and will be sunny; every pos-
sible latest Improvement For inspection ap-
ply to Albert Wllford, owner. 3009 Jackson.
CHEAPEST and best, in America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address In the
United States or Canada one year for' $1.
postage paid. i
¦ JMm in i ¦ n --*_ . ¦ -. . ¦ '_ .."¦vHBnh'THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, OCTOBER 18, 1903.
41
PIANOS ANX> ORGANS.
PART of our list of bargains In second-hand
pianos for September, 1903:
. Original
Price. Now.
1 STEINWAY & SONS—
Rosewood case, large sice. 7 1-3 ¦
octaves, beautiful tone, in excel-
lent condition $723 $373
1 A. B. CHASE—
Mahogany case, largest slse, full
swinging music rack, three pedals,
very latest style, cannot be tola
from a new piano CSO 400
1 STEINWAY _ SONS—
"Walnut case, small size, 7 1-3 oc-
taves, nearly new, beautiful tone.
In flne condition 623 473
1 STEINWAY & SONS —
Mahogany case, large size, latest
style, 7 1-3 octaves, cannot be told
from new 750 623
1 A. B. CHASE GRAND—
Mahogany case, in perfect condi-
tion, only used three months 800 673
1 STEINWAY & SONS BABY
GRAND—
Ebonlzed raae, in use a very short
time and equal to new 850 759
Also a large number of square pianos
ranging In price from $25 to $25O. and chapel
and parlor organs from $20 to $150.
Complete list furnished on application at
our store. SHERMAN. CLAY ft CO..
Corner Kearny and Sutter sts.
PALMISTRY.
MMa DEVAS — Scientlfio palmist and astrolo-
• gist. Palm readings $1. Hours 10 to 12 and
1 to 5, and Tuesday evenings. 139 Post et.
H. JEROME FOSELLI. scientific palmist. 615
Taylor at., near Geary. Phone Black 661.
PAPERHANGING. PAINTING. ETC.
ROOMS papered, $3 60 up: tinting, painting.
Hartman Paint Co.. 319 3d at.; tel. Main 413.
PERSONALS.
UP to date. Intelligent, honorable gentleman
who cares nothing for society, desires ac-
quaintance of wealthy lady; would know
how to appreciate deserving and loving wom-
an; could also vastly Improve happiness and
condition of both in every way; object, mat-
rimony; strictly confidential. Box 4447. Call.
THE Btar Hair Remedy restores gray hair, lm-
proves its growth, stops falling, cures dandruff
and Itching scalp; no stain or stickiness;
cleanses scalp ;at druggists', hairdressers'; ac-
cept no substitute. Star R?medyCo..lS3S Polk.
CLAUD AUGUSTUS CURRIE. his wife or
children, or any one knowing their where-
abouts, please communicate with box 714,
Call, and learn something to their advantage.
BRAUN — Professor Martin, i graduate masseur
of the Imperial University Hospital. Vienna.
Office 224 Starr King bldg.. 121 Geary. Tel.
Exchange 218. '
NOT how cheap but how good Is the motto of !
the manufacturers of the Rapid Rotary
Standard, the sewing-machine of to-day. J.
W. EVANS, agent. 1021 Market st.
PHYSICIAN. 15 years' experience, cures per-
manently morphine, cocaine habit Call or
address Central Pharmacy. 251 Grant ave..
corner Sutter St.; fee moderate. *
RAG carpets wove to order and for sale; also
chenille-wove rugs, silk portieres; dealer Jn
carpet twine. In hank or chain, at lowest
rates. Oeo. Matthews. 700 Fifth St.. Oakland.
MARRIAGE directory free to all; pay when
married; new plan: send no money. For
particulars address H. A. HORTON. Dept
143, Tekonsha. Mich.
DOLLS wanted to dress for exh!bltlo_ or pri-
vate use; place orders before holiday rush.
Doll Dresser box 729, Call office. ¦
LIQUOR habit cured. We guarantee to cure
the liquor habit in 2 days or no charges.
Acme Liquor Cure Co.. 997 Market r. 202.
DRUNKENNESS, morphine and all drug dis-
eases positively cured by Willow Bark Co.,
1839 Polk st; consultation free;call or write.
DANCING Tuesday, Thursday. Saturday and
Sunday evenings at Teutonia Hall, Howard
st., near Ninth; management Prof. Foster.
REMOVAL— Dr. W. C. STRATTON has re-
moved his office from 2255 Mission st to
rooms 573 and 674, Parrott bldg (Emporium).
AT less than cost uncalled for suits, overcoats
and trousers at CHARLES LYONS', London
Tailor. 721 Market st
ELEGANT suits on easy Installments: 50 cents
and up per week. LEON LEMOS. 1127
Market St., bet. Seventh and Eighth.
$5 HATS a specialty this week. 816 O'Farrell
Street.
OLD hats made new. 816 O'Farrell st.
ANDERSON— Elegant theatrical and masquer-
ade costumes rented. 26 O'Farre-U st.
SUITS to order on Installment*. $1 per week.
Neuhaus & Co., mereh. tailors, 727-729 Market.
SUPERFLUOUS hair & moles removed by elec-
tric needle. Dr. & Mrs.Traverse.1170 Market
THE best place to buy good umbrellas or
have them covered or repaired is 120 8tockton
TAILOR-MADE suit $7 60; dress pants $2 50.
Misfit Clothing Parlor, cor. Bush and Duront.
MASQUERADE costumes, play books, wigs,
country orders. GOLDSTEIN & CO.. 733 Mkt.
ALFREDUM'S Egyptian Henna restores gray
hair to Its natural color: $1; at all druggists'.
Superfluous hair and moles removed with elec-
tric needle. Mrs. & Miss Eaton, 1119 Sutter.
CHEAPEST and best In America — The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address in the
United States or Canada one year for $1.
PHYSICIANS AND SURGEONS.
DR. C. C. O'DONNELL— Office and residence,
1021 % Market st. bet 6th and 7th; particu-
lar attention paid to disease* of women.
BLOOD, skin and rectal diseases a specialty.
DR. -ALL. 1073 H Market St.
REMOVED— DR. WONG HIM. herb doctor.
; treats all diseases of the human body; for
past four years at 116-117 Mason: now lo-
cated at 667 Geary st, near Leavenworth.
DR. TONG PO CHY. successor to Dr. Li Po
Tal, herb doctor, cures all diseases of human
by use of herbs and teas. 727 Washington st
WONG WOO. the famous herb doctor—All dis-
eaaes cured by Chinese herbs. 746-8 Clay st
A WEEK'S news for 6 cents — The Weekly Call.
16 pages. In wrapper, for mailing, $1 per year.
KEEPING.
ANTONIO. 16. off Jones, bet. Ellis and O'Far-
rell — 3 and 4 unfurnished rooms to let for
housekeeping.
ARDELL. 15 Page — 2 sunny furn. hkpg. rms.,
| sink, 13; one, $1 60, $2 week; yard; gas.
ANTLERS, 415 Turk st— Strictly modern, 4-5
room apartments; fur, or unfur. for hskpg.
BUSH. 1510 — One large sunny unfurnished
room. ¦¦ '
FIRST ave., 804, near Fulton st. — A furnished
- sunny basement; 2 rooms and kitchen; reas.
GEARY, 1034, near Van Ness ave. — 2 nicety
furnished rooms for housekeeping.
GEARY, 1432, cor. Laguna— Sunny suite of
rooms: connecting: bath and gas range.
GOLDEN GATES ave., 1404— Large sunny front
room for housekeeping-. it ¦
COUGH. 137— Two sunny front rooms for light
housekeeping ; private family.
HOWARD, 759A— 2 nice front rooma for Ilg_t
housekeeping; no children.
HOWARD, 1063 — 2 sunny connecting completely
furnished bkpg. rms. ; elec. lights; others.
JESSIE, 333 — Sunny room, furnished for house-
keeping; gas range, water; $1 75 week.
LARK1N, 901— 3ur_iy front room with small
kitchen; no children; rent $14. •: - : :
MARKET, 1509^4. opp. Van Ness _re.— 2 or 8
unfurnished rooms; $15 or $18.
MODEL HOUSE. 1206 Stockton-- Newly fur-
nished rooms, $5-$12: bath, gas, phone.
OAK, 117 — 2 furnished rooms, $8; ore room. $3;
gas range; hot bath; laundry; adults.
OCTAVIA, 406—8 furnished rooms, complete
for housekeeping; $20.
PIERCE, 915, n«ar McAllister— Two neatly
furnished rooms suitable housekeeping; use
of parlor, bath: phone; private family.
SEVENTH, 191 — Housekeeping rooms; nice
bay-window rooms.
THREE large unfurnished sunny rooms. In-
quire 458 Hayes st.
TWENTY-THIRD. 3720. near Dolores — 3 sunny
bay-window rooms: nice, neat, camplete.
TWENTY-FOURTH. 8150. bet. Howard and
Folsom — 2 furnished rooms; gas sttae; fold-
lng bed; bath.
WALLER, 71, near Market and Octavla — 1 to
4 rooms, furnished or unfurnished ; new.
WESTERN Addition — 3 upper sunny furnished
housekeeping rooms In private family; flne
marine view: adults: ref.' Box 716. Call.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1006
-Valencia st ¦ .'
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address in th«
United States nr Canada one yeai* for $1;
IIoa-elipK Roomsi Apnrlm't House*.
EL MONTEREY, the city's newest apartment
hotel, located on the north side of Pine st..
between Hyde and Leavenworth; a superb
brick building of Spanish architecture; all
. the comforts of housekeeping combined with
.the conveniences of hotel life; prices very
reasonable. WSFM
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS. ;
. OAKLAND REAL ESTATB.
WOODWARD. WATSON & CO..
Real Efetate Agents and Dealers, !
1172 Broadway, cor. 14th et.
HOMES— 'HOMES. •
'¦ EAST J, J_#l __*IS,
ELASY TERMS.
12600— Good lU-story bouse of 6 room* and
bath, in very desirable locality; only &
minutes' walk to 14th and Broadway and
local trains. Two blocks from school.
$2750 — Fine new and modern 6-room cottage;
splendid location: bound to increase 1 in
value ; close to cars and new ferry" | for
San Francisco; easy terms.
$3000 — A special bargain; very desirable 8-roora
cottage, within 5 minutes' walk of 14th
and Broadway; everything in very best
condition; flne cement basement . under
whole house.
$3200— On. Filbert st.; fin© neighborhood; good)
8-room house In best condition; stable;
very large lot; room to build, another
house.
$3S0O — This is a snap; flne modern home of 8
rooms and bath; close to cars and school;
only 5 minutes' walk to 14th and Broad-
way, or 7th st local.
$4160— On 33d St.; a splendid modern home of
7 rooms and bath; nearly new; owner is
forced to sell and you get the benefit;
easy terms on this one.
$4250— Just completed; 7-room house, with all
modern Improi'ements: gas and electricity;
beam celling in dining-room; large recep-
tion hall, with hardwood floor; close to
cars and eahool; 5 minutes to local train.
$4500— Here Is a chanc* to get as flne a 7-
room house as there is in town; the house
ha» every possible convenience and the
location is handy to cars, school and local
trains; never been occupied.
WOODWARD. WATSON & CO.,
Real Estate Agents and Dealers,
1172 Broadway, cor. 14th st., «J
Oakland.
$4250— ELEGANT Queen Anne home of. 8
rooms, porcelain bath; all modern; large
veranda nearly new; flne location; close
to Telegraph ave.: lot 200 feet deep, with
fruit trees and vines, garden and lawn.
Remember, easy walking distance from
town. Owners built house themselves for
home; going away; must sell.
$3500 — Downtown: few blocks from Broadway,
bet. 10th and 14th sts.; 6 rooms, bath; all
• In flne condition; lot' 50 feet front (note
the size); lot alone worth $70 per foot;
figure It up.
$1200^— Cottage. 6 rooms, conservatory; large
lot: elevated; 1 block from car line; flne
location; owner away; must sell. GEO.
•W. AUSTIN. 1002 Broadway. Oakland.
$3650— FINE! downtown Investment: a l>-room
house and 5-room cottage on let 55x106;
three blocks from Washington St.; near
High School; flne location for apartment-
house; will bring 10 per cent on pur-
chase price.
OEO. W. AUSTIN, 1002 Broadway, . Oakland.
$2000^ FINE modern 5-room cottage, with good
high basement; lot 30x100; on sunny side
of street: green lawn; cement walks; all
street work done; electric cars pass the
door; $S0O cash and balance on time.
OEO H. VOSE. REAL ESTATE,
1118 Broadway, Oakland.
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR SALE.
TOMORROW the day for bargains In furni-
ture. H. Schellhaaa. 11th st.,cor.store,Oaklnd.
Mill Valley Advertisements*
MILL VALLEY REAL ESTATB.
BEST bargains ever offered; new tract right at
the etatlon; big lots; beautifully wooded;
grand views: street graded; water mains laid;
lot 50x125 for $400; terms, 10 per cent Cash.
$10 monthly; bound to Increase In value; 92
lots eold to date. LYON & HOAG. 116 Mont-
gomery st.
LOST AND FOUND.
LOST— Saturday, small open-faced gold watch,
pin attachment. Return 54A Appraisers'
building; reward. ¦_
LOST— Black and tan deer hound; not thor-
oughbred; $5 reward. Return to 1314 O'Far-
rell st.
LOST — Lady's gold watch; monogram "C. M.
P."; liberal reward. Superintendent's office,
Hale Bros.
LOST — Fox terrier; tag No. 4100; reward. 830
Sanchez nt.
IT will pay to "Remember" that the California
Watch Case Co.. 220 Sutter et.. needs old
gold and silver to make new watch case*.
MEDICAL.
BAN FRANCISCO'S EMINENT PHYSICIAN.
DOCTOR -WHITE:
TREATS WOMEN ONLY.
702 MARKET ST.. room 7. Phone Red 3321.
Every facility for the BEST treatment of,
all diseases and disorders of women. Elegant
sanatorium. Select patients. Strictly confi-
dential. Fees within tho reach of all.
VALPEAU'S female pills; best regulating pills
sold; price $2 60 by express. Pasteur's
' syringe and tablets; price $2 60. By express
only on receipt of price. OSGOOD BROTH-
ERS, wholesale druggists, Seventh and
Broadway. Oakland.
MRS DR. WTETH, specialist for all female
complaints; instant relief guaranteed; 30
years' experience; removed to 826 Poet st.
MRS. DR. KOHL, reliable specialist for all fe-
male troubles and Irregularities; Instant re-
lief guaranteed. 1008% Market st., opp. 5th,
DR. G. W. O'DONNELL— All who are sick or
In trouble consult this specialist on female
complaints; positively, corrected; the unfor-
tunate helped; the most difficult cases treat-
ed; ndvlce free. Of flee. 101S Market et.
Drs. Goodwin, 733 Turk, nr. Van Ness — Expert
tn obstetrics, female complaints; lnst. relief;
treatment $10; hours, 10 to 5; 25 yrs. exper.
MRS. D. ALLEN, 1118 Market— Reliable ladles'
specialist; a private home before and during
confinement; best medical care; low fees.
DR. and MRS. DAVIES and HINDOO HERBS;
Original method Of treatment. 1120 Market ts.
DR ROSEN, moved to 2005 Folsom St.. corner
26th; relief $10; ladies' exclusive office.
DR. NO TOY KEB. 319 Powell st.. opposite
Union square; all diseases cured by herbs.
: M1LLIXKUY.
LADIES — 200 stylish hats to select from; lease
Sold, must vacate February 1, 1004; save
money by calling on MME. DOSCH. 207 Post
MISCELLANEOUS— FOR SALES.
BOILERS engines, 2d-hand machinery. MoIN-
TOSH - WOLPMAN, 196-107 Fremont st.
FOR sale — 1 small steam heater. 1 compressor,
1 25-horsepower gas engine. 1 10-borsepower
gas engine, 1 8-horsepower boiler. For prices
and Information regarding above and Inspec-
tion of same call at WHITTIER-COBURN
CO.. 20 Fremont St.. San Francisco.
DOES YOUR ROOF LEAK!
Repair It with elatertte; In rolls easy to lay:
needs no painting or coating; good over old
' Iron, tin or shingles; best for new roofs.
ELATERITE ROOFING CO.. 713 Market st.
2D-HAND machinery, boilers, engines, pumps,
pulleys, shafting, etc., etc., bought, sold.
. rented and exchanged; see Sunday papers.
H. 8. WHITE M'CH'Y CO.. 130-132 Beale st.
A— Fine suits. $7 50; dress pants, $2 60 Origi-
nal Misfit Clothing Parlors, 238 Kearny st.,
near Bush; open to 9 p. m. Sunday to r.oo_.
A— $3 50 DERBY and -Fedora hats. $1 78. Pop-
ular Price Hattera. 830 'Kearny st. near
Pine; open till 9 p. m. Sunday to noon. '
A — BUYS, oells or rents gear machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipe, shafting, pulleys,
etc. WHITELAW. 253-256 Spear st.
FRESH milk Cows for Bale; for private faml-
lli-s especially. Schaefer Stock Yards, -Ban
Bruno road and Twenty-seventh ave.*
TRY our men's shoes at $1 and .$1 50 pair;
- foot-form shoes at $2 50; we pay express
charges. 11 3d St., Exam, bid.; catalog, free.
TWENTY Durham heifers In calf; must~be
sold ; make offer. SAM AFTERGUT. Mission
road, near 7-Mlle House, county line,'
TWENTY freih milk cows; must be sold. In-
qulre BAM AFTERGUT, Mission road, near
7-MH* House, county line.
FOR sale—'Heavy , horse and delivery wagon.
Corner. School and Carp sts., Fruitvala.
MISCELLANEOUS ¦ FOR SALE— Con.
Al ENGINE. 10x36; slide valve; about 175 HP.;
good as new; bargain. P. O. box 208S.
SLOT machine; Dewey; first-class condition;
$45. - 1508 Seventh et., Oakland.
THOROUGHBRED Scotch collie pups for sale,
474 Edward St., Oakland.
A VERY fine diamond over 3 karats for $335
at W. J. HEBTHAL'S. 10 Sixth st,
CHOICE) carrier pigeons; record birds; loft of
20 birds at a sacrifice. Box 4442, Call office.
NEW Winchester rifle, cheap. E. J. Felling, 221
Clinton Pk., nr. Guerrero st.. bet. 13th-14th.
FOR sale — 2 flagpoles. 24 feet long; 2000 ore
brick. 1328 Fifteenth st. . ¦- .
3, 6 AND 10 hp. gasoline engines; 2d-band; all
sizes, new. E. B. BECK & CO.. 122 Market.
NEW and second hand machinery of all kinds.
KROGH MNFQ CO.. 018 Market st.
SAFES — New and second-hand. THB HER-
MANN SAFE CO.. 417-423 Sacramento st.
MOVING pictures, magic lanterns, sale, rental;
¦ bargains. Bullard & Breck. 131 Post st.
MILES of pipe and fittings; all siaes. HU-
GENE RILEY A SONS. 100 Vallejo st.
MOVING picture film -and song slides. 109
Montgomery st.
SAFES — New. and second-hand. B. B. BECK
& CO.. 122 Market st.
All bargains ;camp stools and chairs ;hammocks,
metal beds,mattresses.J.F.Hotter,712 Mission.
Edison phonographs, records, supplies, moving
picture machines, films. Badgalupl, 933 Mkt.
GASOLINE engines automobile* and launches;
all size*. J. E. DOAK. 46 Fremont st.
ASK for prices on second-hand typewriters; all
makes. ALEXANDER _ CO.. 110 Montfy.
MISCELLANEOUS WAXT3.
CALIFORNIA HOUSEWRECKING CO.
Fays higher prices for buildings and take s
less time to wreck and remove. Office, NW.
cor. Mission and Tenth; phone Mint 3011.
WANTED — A good home In a respectable fam-
ily of adults by a respectable young Ameri-
can woman. Address box 4793, Call office.
BOOK8 and libraries bought. H. C. HOLMES.
1148 Market et. ; phone Jessie 3741. or postal.
TILTON wants good second-hand clothing and
theatrical goods. 154 6th st ; tel. Jessie 2S31.
WANTED— Second-hand reclining go-cart; hood
top. 422 Waller st.
VIA VI Cure — 9 months* treatment cheap. 1031
McAllister St. > ¦
A BIG price paid for sealskins; send postal.
25 Stockton St.; phone Bush 484.
MONEY TO LOAN. £^«
AAA— HERMAN MURPHY,
601-602-603 Examiner building.
Quick settlements; no disappointment.
Save expenses by dealing directly.
Estates, second mortgages, undivided Inter-
ests, assignments of rents, property In trust,
etc; legacies, life estates and undivided In-
terests in property purchased.
Courteous treatment. Strictly confidential.
When You Need Money
Bee HERMAN MURPHY.
ADVANCES on furniture and pianos without
removal; to permanent salaried people on
their note without security or knowledge of
employer; lowest rates; no commission. Na-
tional Credit Co.. 63 and 69 Donohoe build-
ing. 1170 Market St. s
INTEREST REDUCED TO 5 PER CENT.
DEAL DIRECT; SAVE EXPENSES.
I will loan on 1st. 2d and 3d mortgages, SAN
FRANCISCO, OAKLANf>, TOWN. COUN-
TRY PROPERTY and REAL ESTATB in
probate; pend full particulars of property; no
answer otherwise. Box 2498. Call office.
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry, at
lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry ¦ Store, 846
Market st.; tel. Main 1644. Branch, 19 Third.
MONEY loaned to salaried people, retail mer-
chants, teamsters, boarding-houses, without
security* easy payments; largest business in
46 principal cities. Tolman, 553 Parrott bldg.
THE Open Credit Assn. makes advances to re-
sponsible salaried people, confidentially; new
and simple plan; easy Installments. Room
50. Academy of Sciences. 810 Market st.
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL LOANS on fur-
niture, pianos or to salaried people on their
note; proper treatment guaranteed. ILLINOIS
TRUST CO., r. 16, Phelan bid., tel. Main 704.
A — 1 per cent on furniture or piano: no remov-
al, no commission, no publicity ;$25 up; quick,
private, confidential. 20 Montgomery, rm. 7.
MUNICIPAL LOAN OFFICE. 103 Grant av*.,
LOANS FROiniTO $10.000.
MONEY to loan on low Interest; gold, silver,
diamonds pearls and precious stones bought
at W. J. HESTHAL'8. 10 Sixth st.
TO salaried people without aeeurtt) ; on fur-'
nlture, indorsed notes and other security,
S. F. Discount Agency, 143 Phelan bldg.
YOU can borrow more money on your furniture
than any other place In city; no commission.
612 Parrott building; phone South 653.
ONE per cent on furniture; $5 a month on each
$1000; any security. 302 Montgomery, room 16.
ON furniture piano; no removal. E. W. LICK.
" 1003 Mutual Savings Bank bldg., 703 Market.
MONEY loaned to salaried employes. G. W.
MILLER, room 74, fifth floor, Chronicle bldg.
3% ON furniture & pianos; $15 up; no removal.
V. TREMAIN, room 81. 6 Eddy et.. floor 4.
ALL loana on diamonds and Jewelry 2 per cent
mo. S. F. Collateral Loan Bank, 538 Kearny.
STAR Loan Co. of Wyoming loans money to
salaried employes. 11.311, Mutual Sav.Bk.bld.
CASH loaned salaried people on notes without
lndoraer. MORELL. 609 Examiner bldg.
NO trouble with people who buy the . Heine
piano; 7000 satisfied customers the best ad-
vertisement; strictly high grade and sold di-
rect from factory to purchaser; this enables
you to procure a first-class piano at a rea-
sonable prifl*; we carry 14 different makes;
any piano purchased from us taken In ex-
change any time within S years and full
purchase price allowed on a Peerleea Heine
or any of our other makes. Some bargains,
all uprights: Collard. $45; Weber. $70:
Bherman & Hyde, $90; Klmball, $115; Smith &
Barnes, $150; Miller, $178; Emerson. $165;
Mansfield & Notnl. $125; 2 Steinways. $143.
$265; 2 Chickering. $85, $175; 2 Heine, slight-
ly used. $325, $303, and 25 others. Install-
ments $4 up; rents, $2 up, allowed on pur-
chase. HEINE PIANO CO.. 235-237 Geary
St.; Oakland branch. Fifteenth and Broad-
way, old P. O. site. Largest exclusive
wholesale and retail dealers of the West.
THIS AD IS OUR GREATEST EXPENSE.
We pay no rent, as we oMin the building.
The only reason we advertise la to let you
know we rent the best piano in the city for $3
per month. Now we can sell you one Juat the
same. Our expenses are so very much leas
than other firms, why not Investigate our prices
and compare notes? Invest 5o carfare and save
from $75 to $150 on a piano. SCOTT-CURTAZ
PIANO CO., 660-62-64 Hayea St.
WE do not advise the purchase of cheajt pianos,
as they are seldom satisfactory, but we have
. pianos at a medium price that can be guar-
- ¦ anteed to please the most critical. Our best
sellers are the Behr Bros.. Baumelster and
Schubert. THE ZENO MAUVAIS MUSIC
CO., 709 Market at.
VICTORIA Talking Machines; $10 for a $45
largest size talking machine-made concert
sound box; ten-inch turntable; extra large
horn; we manufacture them; sent C. O. D.
subject to examination. Cut Price Talking
Machine Co., 622 Locust St., St. Louis, Mo.
A FINE lot of second-hand uprights from $50
up, including such makes as Chickering,
Vose, Kroeger, Curtaz. Klrkham, Pease,
Hardman, Marshall & Wendell, Baus and
others. BENJ. CURTAZ & SON. 16 O'Far-
¦ re II st. No branches In San Francisco.
BAND Instruments; F. Beason, Paris, maker;
Gus Matwald, Agt. Pac. Coast. 278 O'Farrell;
skillful repairing; 2d-hand Instruments sold.
A STECK & GABLER upright, nearly new,
cheap; a snap. HORNUNG, 216 McAllister.
FOR sale — Fine university organ; account de-
parture; reas. 1338 Alabama, bet. 25th-2Cth.
RARE chance; cash or payments; elegant high
grade upright. 10 McAllister st.
FOR nsile — Fine old violin; date 1809; also
child's violin. Box 4446. Call.
BLUTHNER grand piano cheap. BYRON
MAUZY. 308 Post St. W
Unredeemed storage pianos and furniture dirt
cheap. Whltehead's Storage, 1630 Market at.
BEAUTIFUL 3-pedal Stelnway upright piano;
¦ perfect order; sacrifice. Keeffe's.285 O'Farrell.
SOHMER, Byron Mauzy pianos. Cecillan piano
player. BYRON MAUZY. 308-312 Post St.
SUPERIOR violins, either*, Old and new. H.
¦ MULLER, maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cent* — The Weekly Call.
If. pages. In wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year
OFFICES AND STORES TO LET.
STORE and 3 rooms; good stand for shoemaker
or other business. -711 Fulton st.; rent $18.
Apply MADISON & BURKE. _____J
FRONT office, plate glass window; ground
floor. 'F. L. JONE3 A CO., C30 Market at.
SMALL store, very prominently situated, suit-
able for any business. 1348 Valencia st.
DESK room for • rent to lawyer or business
man. 612 Fan-ott bldg. ' .
STORE ¦ with large ' basement: - below Koarny
st.: rent $30. AoDly 030 CUur st_ room _ .:
BYRON
ROOSIS TO LET — Fnra. and I'nfarn.
A— THE AUDITORIUM HOTEL.
THE AUDITORIUM HOTEL,
115 AND 117 EDDY ST.
115 AND 117 EDDY ST.
MOST MODERN AND UP-TO-DATE HO-
TEL DOWNTOWN; 150 ROOMS: S5 SUITS
WITH PRIVATE BATH; ELECTRIC
LIGHTS: STEAM HEATED THROUGH-
OUT: TELEPHONE IN* EVERY ROOM:
SUITS WITH BATH. »l 5O to $2 60 PER
DAY; SINGLE ROOMS. 75c to $1: HOT
WATER DAY AND NIOHT. TELEPHONH
SOUTH 1041.
A6HWORTH. '
820 MASON 6T.. bet. Geary and OTarrell
With or Without Private Bath.
An Addition Just Completed.
Sun in Rooms All Day.
A — BRUNSWICK House. 14S Sixth — Rooms
25c to $1 per night. $1 25 to $.'» per week and
light housekeeping rooms; open all night.
AT "The Almonte." 87.1 Market st. (or No. 1
Fifth st.) — Rooms, 25c. 50c. $1. $1 50 night;
$1 50 to $10 w«ek; house open all night.
BROADWAY. 14S0— Nicely furnished sunny
room In 'a private family; no children; to a
month; phone Lark In 220.
BURNETT, 1420 Market (old No. 1364)— Fur-
nished rooms, suite, single; also unfurnished.
BUSH. 1412A — Nicely furnished front rooms
. suitable for 1 or 2 gentlemen: reasonable.
CLIFFORD, 204 Ellis, cor. Mason — Elegantly
furnished sunny rooms; prices reasonable.
ELLia 828—2 large nicely furnished front
roorr* «n suite; very reasonable.
ELLIS. 1019— Newly furnished hallrooei; bath.
ga«, phone; re_ K>nable.
GRAND Southern. 7th and Mission — Rooms 50o
to $1 50 night; $1 to $3 wek; reading-room.
HARRISON, 784H. near Fourth— Finely fur-
nUhed sunny rooms: bath; all con . :$1 wk up.
HAYES, 136, near Van Nes»— Single sunny
room, suitable for gents: rent $8.
HOWARD, 604 H — Nice sunny room; nice Ger-
man family; $3 month.
JESSIE. S63. east of U. ST. Mint— Furnished
rooms, $5 and $6 per month.
JONES. ©41. near Bush. — Sunny modern fur-
nlshed room for gentleman; private family.
LACUNA and McAllister. St. Jaxaea flat— Sun-
ny single room. ¦
NATOMA, 102, comer of Second— Nice clean
runny furnished single rooms, $1 per week.
O'FARRELL, 20S— Nicely furnUhed sunay
front rooms, also single rooms; $2 to $3 week.'
ROYAL House, 12« Ellis — Incandescent lights,
reading-room, smoking-room and ladles' par-
lor: rooms i>er night. 35c to $1 50: week. $.
to $8; month. $3 to $30; elevator on ground
floor; rooms with hot and cold water; bath*.
SEVENTEENTH. 8005. cor Cast™ — Alcove
bedroom, facing Market; gentleman; refs.
TAYLOR. 51GB — Large sunny room suitabl* 3.
water, $10; also front parlor. $13.
TENTH. 282 — A front bay-window room, far-
nlshed; rent $3. _________
" ~ THE FREMONT.
The most modern hotel In S. F. : single and
suite, baths attached: electrla light and tele-
phone tn every rm. : steam heated ; electrla
elevator day and night; 75c to $1 50 day;
special rates by month. 18<*>4 Market st.
THE FALMOUTH. 1049 A Market st.; furnished
rooms; hot and cold water; elevator; central.
THB Olllespie. 119 Oth— Furn. rms.. $1 60-$2 SO
wk.; also transient rms., 50c to 73c per night.
THE La Tour, 408 Post; elegantly furn. rms. ;
sunny, every conven. ; hot, cold water, phone.
TURK. 1218 — Nicely furnished room. wlt_ use>
of kitchen If desired. '
UNITED STATES. 123 Eddy st.. near Market—
400 single and family rooms; 33c to $1 night;
$?75 to $8. week: elevator: electrto lights;
reading-room : free bus and baggage.
' VAN NESS. 519 — Handsome sunny furnished
suites and single rooms, all conveniences.
WEBSTER. Ill— Large sunny front bay-win-
dow room: new flat; new furniture; $10:
1 .or 2. ___
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 3d St., near Market-
Most convenient and respectable: 70O rooms:
85c to $1 50 night: $2 to $9 week; elevator;
elec. lights; reading-room; free bus; baggage.
2 UNFURNISHED rooms on Sutter at., near
Broderlck; price $18. Box 2604. Call.
$7 A MONTH; sitting and bedroom combined:
finely furnished: sunny: central; gentleman.
G. D. H.. box 4448. Call.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 22QQ Flllmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1098
I Valencia st. ¦ ¦ ¦
ROOMS AXJDJ1OAR1X
SHOULD like a few steady boarders; can fur-
nish two rooms; home cooking; strictly pri-
vate. 235 Eighth at. downstairs.
STEVENSON Mansion. 807 California st. — At-
tractive and sightly recrr.i; best table and
service: lowest rates.
VAN NESS ave., 1714 — Private boarding-house,
homelike; everything first class; sunny
suites: slnrle rooms; choice locality; ref.
TWENTT-FIRST. 3373 — One largo sunny room
furnished, suitable for 2 gentlemen, wit-
board.
PINE. 2040— Very desirable sunny roomwltli
board; private family; phone Dakar 3371.
O'FARRELL, 808 — Furnished rooms and board
In private family: prlca reasonable.
ROOMS AND BOARD WANTKP,
BY a young man, room and 2 meals in privets
family: south of Bush and east of Larkla.
Address box 4794. Call.
YOUNG lady, flrst-class planiste. will give les-
sons and pay part for board and room, Box
8500. Call office.
SCIENTIFIC OPTICIAXS.
DURING the O. A. R. encampment Dr. Cl!*».
1023 Market st.. b«t. 6th-7th. fitted rlassea to
Gen. Miles; you want the best as well as he.
SBWISO MACHINES AND SUPPLIES
NEW HOME sewing machine; this week only;
$10. $13. $20: slightly used; needles 20o doa.
NEW HOME B. M. CO.. 10B1 Market st.
CATARRH. DEAFNESS and NOISES In EAR3
positively cured; new method; 1 week's treat-
ment free. Dr. Cottlngham. 204 Sutter st.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
Ladles! Chlchestyr's English Pennyroy_i PUZa
art best; safe, reliable; take no other. Bend 4«
stamps for particulars. "Relief for Ladle*"
In letter by return — lall. Ask your druggist.
Chlchester Chemical Co.. Philadelphia. Pa.
STABLES TO I__T^
jT.-J^-.-LHji.T.mr.-j-.-ArL^ -.i-.-lW - -iru-.-L-.Si.1.-JT.r.- i-mjyuwt
BARN to let with 16 stalls and wajron room.
74 Dora it. bet. 9th and 10th. oft rotaom.
STORAGES AJfD WAREHOUSES.
A — EMPORIUM Storage St Van Co.; furniture,
household goods stored, moved, shipped. 723-
781 Howard St.. near Third: phone Grant 161.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storaga A Moving Co., oU
flee Post and Powell sts. ; tel. Prtv. __. 071.
CONKLIN'S Storage — Furniture and merchant
dlse. 333 Oolden Gate ave.; phone East 126.
GOLDEN West Storage; advance* made; 8-10
Mission St.; tel. Howard 941. Fy W. Zehfuss.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
pany, 2320 Flllmore St.: phone Jackson 231.
BEKINS Van and Storage Co., 11 Montgomery
st. ; tet. Main 1840. Shipping at out rates.
TYPEWRITERS AND SUPPLIES.
GREAT BARGAINS IN TYPEWRITERS^-We
sell better machines for less money than any
house tn the city: rentals $3. The Typewriter
Exchange. 636 California; telephone Main 208^
A FEW good typewriters at $C0 each; get par-
ticulars. L. _ M. ALEXANDER, 110 Mont-
gomery st. . .. ¦
2D-HAND typewriters sold, rented, repaired.
Webster Typewriter Inspec. Co., 508 Market.
LEGAL ADVEnTISEMEXTS.
IN the Superior Court of the City and County
of San Francisco, State of California— Pro-
bate. No. 283»O. (Indorsed) Filed Oct. 13,-
1903. Albert B. • Mahony, Clerk, by . E. S.
Hawley. Deputy Clerk. In the matter of
the estate of PATRICK DUGAN. deceased.
Notice for publication of time appointed tor
probate of will. C C. P.. Sec. 1303. Notice
Is hereby given that TUESDAY, the 27th day
of October. A. D. 1903, at 10 o'clock a. m. of
that day. and the courtroom of Department
No. 0 of said court, at the City Hall, in the
city and county of San Francisco, State of
California, have been appointed as the time
and place for proving the will of said PAT-
KICK DUGAN, deceased, and for hearing
the application of NELLIE A. LASSELJ..
for the Issuance to her of letters of adminis-
tration with the will annexed thereon. IScal.j
ALBERT B. MAHONY. Clerk. By E. 8.
HAWLEY. Deputy Clerk. Dated October 1.1. '
A. D. 1903. A. D. KEYEd. Attorney for
Petitioner.
STCTTERIHG A5P _ STAMME1115C.
MELBOURNE: School. Van Ness-Market — Cure
In every cas;; Individual teaching: no rr.ptli-
cine. Inquire Into wonderful curea;hnme cure.
Por Additional Classified Adverti_#-
cien_3 See Page Forty-Tws. .
rOir«T R»CHMOJ^^~|AjL.JjSSTATC.
BUY a Point Richmond lot now.
In the Santa Fe tract
It will double In value.
Every reason here for the growth of a large
city.
I>st real estate chance to-day.
Ivots S-Tt per month. AH level.
' • McEWEN BUGS.. 118 Montgomery st
Sole Agents^
"WATER front lots and bargains; all tracts;
mars rhotos. etc. HELL. 417 Parrott bldg.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA 11EAL ESTATES.
IT 15 TO TOTTB INTEREST TO PURCHASE
A HOME IN* ALAMEDA.
Pporial Inducements. Big Bargains.
Cheaper Than Auction Prices.
We Fe'.l Below Cost.
Great Chance to Purchase a Horn* Cbeap.'
$2250— T?uy« Iw-sutiful 5-room cottage; lot 80r
35": liarpain.
' $2500— Eifemit 5-room colonial cottage; very
modern.
|2500— Bays f:ne 5-room cottage; lot 50x159;
g.fool I'ascmrnt.
fiono— <;-«rl r>-ro«»ni cottage; lot 35x100; snap.
$3000— Sj.lendld 5-room cottage; lot 60x150,
¦ni:h :i furnished rooms in basement.
$3150 — Nearly new C-room cottage with car-
pets, lace curtains, etc.
$3500 — Huys beautiful 7-room colonial home;
choice neighborhood.
$4_5O— Buyii wv'A 8-rooi_ colonial home; Grand
st. ; sacrificed.
" $">00 — Cho'.ce 10-room house; corner lot, COx
150; must be eeen to be appreciated.
If you desire a home at _he right price
five us a call.
The best bargair.s ever offered In the city o.
" Alaaefia- Houses built, rented, exchanged and
sold on «sy iSA c^ANY.
_ 1500 Park St.. Alameda.
•ua-C-Oxd * nAM-iosp^ ~^^j
X_-rest Agency In Alamefla.
Br___-_«w C-room house on Ninth st.: extra
wenbuiU; has never been occupied; can be
bought on terms cr cheap for cam.
' " ¦ HAMMOND- - HAMMOND.
1422 Park st.. Alameda. _
$1500— 7-rtOOM _-ftory house; corner lot. 108x
250 feet, or will sell house and lot. B8x
150 feet, for f S500.
• $1300— Eieg-nt lot en Ft. Chsxles •*•
« : 400— Lot BO-ISfti with old house of 7 rooms
and bam: fine location.
W. K. CONGER - CO.. 1501 Park st.
jvi R rale — $1800: easy terms; lodging-House
of _T roon-J'. choice location, paying averag*
' at J12T> per month above rent; with little out-
lay will pay better. J. L. HANLDY, 1310
Park «t.
ALAMEDA HOUSES.
• TO rer.t— tTnfurr.lshed house. 4 runny rooms,
bathroom, porcelain tub. gas range, new
• r!umbing; choice location. 1S0S Alameda
arc, Al_rneda.
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
DERKELEY REAL ESTATB.
FOR SALE AT A BARGAIN'.
NORTH END BIFINESS BLOCK.
BEST BUSINESS CORNER AT NORTH
BERKELF.V STATION: X'lHTHEAET COR-
NER OF VINK AND SHATTUCK AVENXTES;
. fr<» FEET FRONTAGE ON VINE STREET. 75
• FEET FRONTAGE ON SHATTUCK AVE-
NUE LARGE TWO-STORY FRAME BUILD-
"ING WITH 5 STORES ON GROUND FLOOR;
. 3 6 LARGE ROOMS ON FEOOND FLOOR;
' ALL RJ:NTEI> AT PRESENT; PAYING 6
PFR CENT ON THE ASKING PRICE: CAN
HE MADE WITH LITTLE OUTLAY TO
PKING A RENTAL OF 12 PER CENT.
CHENEY _ BERRY.
Berkeley — Postofflce Block.
$225C«— 6-ROOM house; lot 60x120; street work
done; 1 block from College ave.
?¦"•" — Lot S0xlS5; Addlson at., near Santa Fe
line.
CHENEY _ BERRY'S SPECIALS. *
$75^) — 600 feet en Oaremont ave. ; will pell
this as a whole or in lots of 100 feet frontage.
?.''"¦ — 6-room house, new;" near car line;
•street work done; easy terms.
10 lota -ear Grove Et.; $400 to $500; Install-
ments.
600 feet on water front and railroad. West
Berkeley, for sale; Just the place for a factory.
CHENEY & BERRY.
P. O. Block. Berkeley.
ALLEN & ELLIS' SPECIALS.
Why didn't ytxi get one of those $800 lots
near r»w:ght way and Tele-raphT Why dldn"t
you buy that elegant 10-room house with big
corner lot for (5500? If you really want to
get a desirable heme In Berkeley, of any sort.
at a bargain, don't be backward about coming
forward. It don't coet you anything to see our
H*re are some of the things that are bar-
rs_ns: A comfortable 5-room place, on paved
street, for $1JUV>; 4 rooms, modern, neat as a
pin and close In. for $1850; 5-room house, new,
close in. $2300: C rooms and chance to add more
In attic, large lot, handy to cars and U. C,
J2S00; 0 rooms, new, colonial, convenient to
cars and V. C, $2650; 8 roooss, nearly new,
Food lot. Figrhtly Fituatlon. handy to cars and
U. C. $."5So<»: ft rooms. 2 grates, 2 toilets, 2
Ft&lrways, large halls. Cue location, corner
paved streets, all in nice condition, close to
cars, $3350. And— we have others.
If you don't 6te what you want ask for It.
We have the most active renting agency In
.Berkeley. If you want to rent a place see us.
Mr. O:. :.-:•;> will tell you and enow you all
atout houses to rent.
ALLEN & ELLIS.
2123 Center St., Berkeley.
BERKXLET BARGAINS.
$750—2 lots, each &0xI25; within 2 blocks of
electric car; 10 minutes' walk of univer-
sity; a »nai>. W. J. MORTIIIER & CO.,
2123 Center St.
$800—2 FINE lot* on the hillside; size. 50x280;
grand view.
$:S00— See that sightly lot in the Wheeler
Tract ; view unexc*:i*J in Alamed* County-
street Improved. W. 3. MORTIMER &
CO.
$2200 — N EW cottage of 5 rooms and bath; elec-
tric fixtures; 2 blocks from high school and
City Hall, electric cars and university;
*trwt Improved.
$4000— Pretty home in the Scenic Park of 7
roorr.8. etc.; rents for $33 net per month;
good tenant.
W. J. MORTTMER & CO..
Successors to May & Mortimer,
2123 Center st.
ALL GOOD BUYS. *
$S0O— 6-room house: patent toilet; city water;
chicken house; lot 44x125; fenced; close to
cars; can eell on terms.
$1200— 5-room house; lot 40x110; bath and
tcllct; street comr>Me; cement walks;
clo6e to carp; only $200 cash needed.
$l!500 — 5-room h—joe; new. modern; large lot;
$150 cash, balance $16 ix>r month.
$2C00 — Fine 7-room house and 2 lots, facing
differ ent etrcfts: Ftrett work complete;
every convenience; 3 car lines pass the
door; only fCOO cash required.
INVESTMENT SNAP.
$3000 — Handsome ntw etore and fiat building;
finely located; will rent for $35 per mo.;
only $H*iO cash required.
W. C. 1IORAN. Lorin Station, or
C. C. EMSLIE. A*hby Station.
Twin cottage*. 5 rooms and reception hall;
hlph lasement; pas. bath and electric; fine
location; best work and material.
tfittO— Beautiful J2-room house near the unl-
verelty; best of everything.
J&00 — K-room house, large lot, city water,
patent toilet, etc.; treat barcain.
Corner lot, Lcrin station, almost given .
eway. " - ,¦-.
ln-ar-re tract; scenic view best on earth:
115,000.
MURDOCK & CO.. Lortn station.
»12.V>— niG reap; «-otta_# of 6 rooms and
hswmfni; areQ and fine tankhouse; large
Jot; close to care.
$1500— Good house, k rooms and bath; close to
station; o»f>- u>rrrf; great chance.
•~-n,v ~ JlHT THK THING.
»_.uo— New modern 2-tstory colonial boure 9
room*, bath and hall, paneled dining-
roorn. tlptrd -alls, combination fixtures.
£££_?_? Nation; close to etatlon; lm-
prtned strert: carv terms
" ». Ii IRWIN. Lorin station.
l^^r?_?_^ : P^e_r ™°°-' *
'*t and principal
L. J. MORAN & CO..' 2131 Fhattuck ave .
j , Berkeley Station.
!iEE_! K ALnEE r "»« wsUteThiv* for __£
TWkcl, y home*. reFidewe and bufilnesa lots
at iow fc Kt price. : choice Investment property
-it__r bank in BerkeJey. 21S» Center mU '
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
BERKELEY HEAL ESTATB.
$2500— HOUSE of 6 rooms and bath; large lot;
on the sunny side of the street; very con-
veniently situated; installment mortgage
of $1500; will take lot or house and lot
for equity. >
$2000— House of 6 rooms and bath; good sUed
lot; street work all done.
$24oO— House Of 7 rooms and bath; street work
all done.
$2500 — House of 5 rooms and bath; lot 60x135;
near Dwight way station.
$3500 — New house of 7 rooms (4 bedrooms),
wim'ow shades, combination fixtures, etc;
street work all done; near station.
$3WC — Nearly new house. of » rooms; large lot;
on sunny side of street; near the hills.
$eS00— New house cf 12 rooms; lot 69x159; fine
view a bargain.
JOSEPH J MASON. Real Estate,
Berkeley Station.
j; o , 07— Near North Berkeley station; lot 40x
135- street work done; price $500.
jCo. CS Very desirable building lot on Tele-
graph are.. $760.
HOUSES FOR SALE.
*j o 69 New. modern 10-room house, near
Berkeley elation; all Improvements
complete; lot 35x120; $4000.
jj 0 . 70— 5-room house; lot 40x120; well and
.pump; $1C5O.
TO LET.
¦^ a ii jcear Berkeley station; new 10-room
house; everything up to date; $30.
No 72 — 1-room flat; clcse in; $15.
MONEY TO LOAN.
YOUNG & BARRY. 2149 A Center st.
Berkeley, Cal.
Phone Dana 205.
ARE you Interested in Berkeley 7 6-room cot-
tage nice location, $lb00; 6-room cottage,
new.modern. $2000; 6-room house, near sta-
tion $2200; 6-rpom house, colonial style,
$3150. Lot; in _ll parts of Berkeley from
$150 upward. Send for Illustrated pamphlet
of Berkeley. STATTS & JUSTER, 214.
Shattuck ave.
FOR sale— Income property paying over 1 per
j cent nst per month; also improved and unim-
proved property in all parts of town.
FRANCIS FERJUER. Real Estate.
2121 Shattuck ave.. opp. BERKELEY Station.
J. J. MASON.
Real Estate and Insurance Agent
Choice Property a Specialty.
BE. cor. Shattuck ave. and Center st
Berkeley. Cal.
FOUR blocks of ground In Berkeley, Cal.. for
$20 000- this is the amount of Indebtedness
aa the property; a good Investment and In a
section of growing values. Inquire of W. N.
RUSSELL, 801 California St.. S. F.
11 ACRES adjoining university; whole or dl-
vlglcns. DR. MOUSER. owner. 707 Bush st.
FRUITY ALE ADVERTISEMENTS
FHPITVALB REAL ESTATE.
H. BAJUCMErYER,
1206 Frultvale ave.. Frultvale.
SPECIAL BARGAIN.
A neat cottage of 4 rooms and bath; all mod-
ern- corner lot, 140x176; fruit trees In
bearing; also small store building; chick-
en houses, etc.: situated in a line location;
on macadamized street; an opportunity
worth investigating; must sell this week;
price $2400; $500 cash, balance on easy
installments-
$550 — Rustic house of 2 rooms; lot. 40x166;
city water; one block from car line and 10
minutes' walk to local train.
$1009 — Neat cottage of 4 rooms, closets and
pantry; extra good well and pump; barn;
lot 60x125; all fenced; near school and car
lire. (Fitchburg.)
$1200^ — 'Cottage of 4 rooms, closets and pantry;
b*m; good well; lot 100x230; all fenced;
large two-story barn; only or* block from
car line.
$1600— A bargain: bay-window cottage of 6
rt*>mt; hard-flnlshed; flne two-story barn;
good well windmill and tanlc chicken
h*>use; lot 110x135; on macadamized
i<treet: 3 blocks from car line; terms If
doslred.
$19O>5 — Splendid cottage of 5 rooms and bath;
large reception hall; all modern; high
basement concrete foundation; large lot;
one block from Frultvale Station; small
payment down, balance just like rent.
For particulars apply to
H BARKMEYER, half block from Frultvale
Station. Cal.: tel. Brooft 638.
CHAS. F. LE_: Phone Vale 290.
Office half block Fruttvale Station.
$2500^ — One full ' acre land with rplendld four
large room cottage; brick foundation ; high
bacement; and good one large room cottage ad-
joining; nice pigeon cote: large aviary; lots of
chicken-houses and yards; all wire-fenced;"
creek in rear; lots of flowers and fruit trees;
property surrounded by flne fence: only txvo
blocks to electric cars, and located on a flne
avenue leading to Mills Seminary; If you want
a bargain In a good home see this — an ideal
epot for a chicken ranch.
$250 cash, balance $15 monthly — A brand
new 4-room and bath cottage: close to local
trains, school, churches, rostofflce and elec-
tric cars; large lot. 38*125; price all told $1,150.
Building lots, $5 cash. $5 month; "Rosa
Lee" tract; close to electric cars, flne school,
church and postofflce; only $75 each; $5 down,
$5 month.
CHARLES F. LEE. H block of station.
$600 PER acre will buy you 5H acres of the
finest laid land in Frultvale and facing en
High St.; electric cars run pact land; also
handy to etatlon.
$1350 Is the priect for one of the coziest and
nicest 4-room modern cottages, with high
basement. In Frultvale; house plastered and
street work completed; lot 30x100.
$1SOO — A 5-room modern cottage, with high
basement; street cars pass the door, and J 4
block from stores; lot 50x125; eltuated in a
good neighborhood.
$S00— Buys you a cozy 4-room cottage; city
water; lot 66x100, and 1 block from electric
cars.
Apply to ALAMEDA LAND CO..
J. E. WHITE, Manager,
1151 23d ave. station. East Oakland, Cal.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE, 1118 BBOADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
HOLCOMB, BREED & BANCROFT (Inc.).
1060 BROADWAY. OAKLAND, CAL.
$375. PHENOMENALLY LOW. $.175.
Choice building lots, 40x130; good sur-
roundings; flne view and location; street
work complete; 10 mlnutea to broad-gauge
local; close to schools, electric cars, etc.;
just a few left; terms.
U T.
$2C00. UNDER CONSTRUCTION. $2000.
Cottage, 5 large rooms; reception hall;
porcelain bath: open plumbing; paneled
dining-room; china closet, etc.; tinting
done to your own taste; gaa and electric
lighting; in very flne location and sur-
roundlnge; see plans at of flee.
M. A. C. i
$1700. BANK FORECLOSURE. $1700.
Store and fi-room flat above; Adeline sta-
tion: $16 rent; will bring $25 per month;
easy terms.
$2700. FORECLOSURE. . $2700.
(Two) 2 7-room houses; close to Adeline
station: lot 63x145; a few repairs and will
pay $30 per month. This is a flne Invest-
ment.
D. C. B.-l
$4000— ORIGINAL COST $6500.
We are Instructed to sell this flne prop-
erty at a very low figure; house, 9 rooms
and bath; Webster at.; fine fawn, palms,
fruit, etc.: full particulars and an order
to Inspect property given at the office.
16C8
We have an exceptionally good list of prop-
erty. Any location you desire.
See our list of bank properties — on very easy
terms.
HOLCOMB, BREED & BANCROFT.
1060 BROADWAY. OAKLAND. CAL.
BARGAIN— BARGAIN. t
$3000— Best paying hotel In Oakland: CO
rooms elevator And corner property; big snap:
cauae.' sickness. THB ALDEN CO., 1118
Broadway.
$1500 — Cottage. 4 rooms and bath; sunny
Hide of street and walking distance of 14th and
Broadway: easy terms. THE ALDEN CO..
1118 Broadway.
.*2s00 Modern cottage*, 10th st. ; C rooms and
bath; a bargain. THE ALDEN CO., Ills
Broadway. '
1S500— FOR SALE — Flats; new and modern;
*^7 rooms each; lot 50x150; 2 block* from
the business center; will pay flVi per cent
on the investment • , .- »'s.?,>
$3750— Two modern flats, 5 rooms each; cen-
trally located; rents will pay 10 per cent
on the Investment; must be bold; owner
lcavlnc the State. - .
C. K. MARSHALL, .1118 Broadway.
ALEX MURDOCK, Chronicle bldg., San Fran-
I dsco, for Oakland, Berkeley or rural homes.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OAKLAND _ Kg AX. ESTATB.
AT AUCTION*.
AT AUCTION.
AT AUCTION.
SATURDAY. OCTOBER 24, 1903,
. On the Premises,
At 1:30 p. m., ' •
The Reichllng Houses, ; ..
At -.. '
Northwest corner Linden and 8th sts., Oak-
land's prettiest residence section.
8 Beautiful Homes,
In
8 Large Single Subdivisions.
With 9. 10, 11 and 12 rooms and bath: original
cost, $5000 to $11,500 each to construct
Large Sunny Lots. '
Large sunny lots with 4U ft.. 60 ft.. 69 ft. and
70 ft. frontage by a depth of 100 to 166 feet.
(Note slzo and depth.) •
Beautifully terraced, above grade of street,
with the roost artistic ttone coping uniformly
arranged around the entire frontage, with
palms and full-grown shrubberies throughout
each garden. For years this half block of resi-
dence homes has been the pride of the city and
the personal care of the owner, as one of the
finest kept properties In Oakland or San Fran-
cisco.
Artistic and substantial, similar to the
grounds of Golden Gate Park and the, Schil-
ling's. Oakland's water park.
RENTALS AS AN INVESTMENT.
' As an Investment property has retained
steady tenants. Some of them have occupied
eamo almost since their construction.
Present rentals are $30. $45 and $65 each.
A HOME LOCATION
Fronting on the only bitumtnlzed residence
street In Oakland; opposite and adjoining flne
block of modern residences worth from $S500 to
$25.0GO; in the same block are the Havens' and
George W. McNear's beautiful homes; 3 blocks
i of Market or Adeline station; short walk to
1 Broadway business center; walking distance to
; high school and finest primary, grammar and
\ private schools in the city, without necessita-
ting children to cross streetcar lines.
One of the choicest, close In, convenient,
strictly home neighborhoods In Oakland.
AN OPPORTUNITY SELDOM OFFERED.
THE PROPERTY MUST BE SOLD.
SEVERAL INTERESTS MUST BE CLOSED.
OWNERS ANXIOUS TO SELL.
MINOR' S INTEREST.
1 SUBJECT TO CONFIRMATION OF COURT.
NOTE THE TERMS.
One-third cash, balance on mortgage In one
and two years.
To see premises, get permit at office.
Sale Saturday. October 24, 1903,
1:30 p. m.. on the grounds.
Write or call for catalogue showing photo-
graph of premises and giving full particulars.
LAYMANCB REAL ESTATE COMPANY,
Auctioneers,
460 and 462 Eighth St., Oakland, Cat
AT AUCTION.
AT AUCTION.
AT- AUCTION.
AT AUCTION.
AT AUCTION.
AT AUCTION.
AT AUCTION. *
AT AUCTION.
AT AUCTION.
S. M. DODGE A EON,
. , r, . - . . . 116 ° BROADWAT.
Al BARGAIN— OFFER WANTED
$3450 IS THE PRICE— $3750 IS THB
VALUE.
Two-story house. 8 rooms and bath* 4 bed-
rooms; modem; lot 3.1x15; large lot If desired
NEAR MARKET-ST STATION
Cottage. 7 rooms and bath; barn and shed;
lot 51:1x125; part cash; Myrtle at., near. cars
TWENTY-THIRD ST.. NEAR TELEGRAPH
AVENUE. - .
Four- year-old cottage. 5 rooms and bath;
floored basement; 30x10(1; reasonable offer con-
sidered; present price $20.10
REMOVAL SALE.
OWNER GOING NORTH.
$2- t >00 — Compelled to sacrifice this nearly new
6-room two-etory house; reception hail; large
closets: Inclosed porch; easy of access.
QUEEN ANNE STYLE OF ARCHITECTURE
$2000— Nearly new; 1% -story house, 6 rooms
and bath: reception. hall; 34x100; barn; Chest-
nut st., between Eighteenth and Twenty-first
streets.
FINE VIEW! FINB VIEW!
Choicest lot overlooking Oakland. Alameda,
Berkeley, San Francisco, the Golden Gate,
Marin County, bay points. Ban Pablo and
Point Richmond; 2 blocks from cars and 6
from local station; 100 feet frontage; will sub-
divide.
SPLENDID BUILDING LOTS.
EAST OAKLAND.
l."Pxl00 — Exchange for Seattle property.
Another flne lot. fc0xl40; price reduced to-day
to $1300; sightly and attractive; cbeap at this
price.
B. M. DODGE & SON,
1160 Broadway.
AIbo agents for the Realty Syndicate prop-
erties and 6 per cent interest-bearing- certifi-
cates^ i ¦ _^
' . ' _____ " "
A. 3. SNYDER, ,
Real Estate Broker and Dealer,
467 Ninth St., Oakland, Cal.
12.700—2 flats, paying $260 per year. 14-27.
$4,fKK> — 2 flats, paying $540 per year. 61-31.
$4,600—2 flats, paying $600 per year. 51-27.
$(5.000 — 4 flats, paying $720 per year. 14-30.
$7,500—2 flats and house, paying $940 per
year. 48-26.
$14,600—4 flats, paying $1860 per year. 61-43.
SOME ATTRACTIVE PRICES IN LOTS. .
$15 per front foot, Oakland Heights; near
car line; a snap. . 213-12.
A very cheap lot on Thirty-first, near Grove.
$600— 31-foot lot, surrounded by new homes,
out Linda Vista way.
$1100 — 60- foot lot on Telegraph ave. 213-9.
Have 'two good lota near Forty- first and
Adeline, right in the active center of new
ferry operations. 213-10.
A. J. SNYDER.
Real Estate Broker and Dealer,
467 Ninth st. Oakland, Cal.
CHEAP LOTS. CHEAP LOTS.
$5 cash. $2 50 monthly; flne, level lots; soil
and location superb; price $75.
' $10 cash, $5 monthly; level lots In new set-
tlement; soil and location the best; 60x145;
price $150. *
$25 cash. $7 60 monthly; extra flne lots, 100
zl22:6; 75 homes just gone up; has a great
future; see them; price $300; will build you a
home.
Near two electric lines, school, church, wide
boulevard and adjoining East Oakland; sec-
tion building up with good, substantial peo-
ple; call or eend for circular, 455 Seventh st.,'
Oakland opposite Broadway fetation; carriage
I free. H. Z. JONES. Owner.
DEAN & MITCHELL,
052 Broadway. Oakland.
$15,000 — 840-acre dairy and etock ranch; well
improved with stock, implements, water
and electric power; cut 1000 tons alfalfa
every year; investigate.
$2,400- ; -Moaern cottage, S rooms, bath; lot
00x120; stable, etc.; clone In Oakland.
$3,750 i -Modern cottage, 7 rooms; lot 50x186;
barn, stable, flne chicken house, etc.
•4 (xx) — Modern 2-story house, 8 rooms; large
stable; lot 39x130; close to locals.
Investigate our list of city and country prop-
erty for sale, r«nt and exchange. _^
A LOVELY new modern 7-room colonial home
facing finest park In Oakland: 'convenient to
broad and narrow gauge trains; price rea-
sonable. Apply 101 Eighth St., Oakland.
WEST St.. 840; seven apartments; Income $79
per month; modern Improvements; windmill
- and' tahk; $7000. Inquire 007 Grove St.,
Oakland. ' -^ _ ' ¦ ¦ -
Modern house, -9 rms.; stable; Mason tc Hamlln
. organ. Before 12 m., 422 Orange at., Oakland, iTHE SAN FBANCISCO CALIi, SUNDAY, OCTOBER 18, 1903.
42
HE— P WAJTTED — FEMALE— Col.
A Fn_3T-CLASS cobk for an American family.
$45; a kitchen maid for same place. $20; a
cook for a flrst-class German family, $35; a
cook for a boarding-house in city. $40; a
French nursery governess. $30; a waitress,
also a cleaner for an institution. $20 each;
CO housework girls for city and country.
MISS FLUNKETT. 425 Sutter. near Powell.
CITY experienced millinery saleslady; -ery
good salary; plain maker apprentice. 24
Kearny st. ¦ ¦'
GIRL who thoroughly understands labeling bot-
tles and to act as forelady. Address box
730, Call officer-
A — WOMEN wanted to do embroidery home;
bring sample. 656 Mission st. third floor.
A — SEWERS wanted "to work at home. 65(J
Mission st. third floor.
GIRL with some experience on machine to saw
window shades. Box 4777, Call.
"WANTED— Experienced waist and skirt hands;
hours 8 to 5:5o. Call Sunday. 161BA Clay st
GIRL wanted to assist In small restaurant.
S31 Bay st. near Mason.
WANTED— Fur salesladies. Call between •
and 10. H. LEDJES _t CO.. 137 Post st
WOMAN for important confidential position;
must have references. Box 4772, Call offlce.
GIRLS wanted to wrap chewing gum. NEW-
TON GUM CO., Second and Folsom sts.
GIRL for second work: 3 in the family. Call
Monday morning, 1192 O'Farrell st. _.
WANTED — Skirt makers. 12« Kearny at,
room 46
APPRENTICE wanted at dressmaking: paid
while learning. Mrs. M.Q.Allen. 776 O'Farrell.
"WANTED— Girl for general housework. 112
Lyon st. bet Oak and Page.
A LADY of indomitable energy to make money
and a convincing talker. F. PERSON,- 477
and 478 Parrott building.
EXPERIENCED tucker and operators on silk
and wool waists; steady work. KONIG-
BTEIN, 23 First st
WANTED — Experienced millinery trimmer.
Apply to manager before 10 a. m.. R. D.
DAVIS & CO.
NEAT, respectable middle-aged lady; ex-
perienced delicatessen line. Apply 1621 Deris-
adero st.
EXPERIENCED -omen to canvass; salary.
Call Monday morning between 8 and 9, 916
Market at.Toom 60.
WANTED— A girl to eell candy In store. Los
Angelas Candy Co.. 148 Fourth st
OPERATORS and finishers" on white shirts.
ROGEKSON'B. 635 Valencia »t.
AN apprentice and Improvers at MME. LI-
CHAU'S dressmaking parlors. 455 Geary st
WANTED— Mangle hands. Apply United
States. Laundry. Sixteenth and Valencia ets.
IMMEDIATELY, four lady teachers for Call-
fornia district schools. C. ESTERLY. 613
Parrott building.
WANTED— Respectable, reliable saleslady for
fine bakery; must have sufficient experience
in same; good salary. Box 708. Call offlce.
GLOVEMAKERS— Experienced banders and
G^Ovlfco^lsrsSrstr*''- CARS °*
CIGARETTE makers wanted; steady work and
good wages." The JOHN BOLLMAN CO
corner Front and Pacific sts.
GIRLS about 15 for factory work; good wages.
Apply tt once. AMES & HARRIS. 100 Sac-
ramento st.
NEAT girl for cooking and general housework:
references; apply mornings. 1709 Baker st
2 I_AX»IES of good address to represent a high-
grade magazine. 89 Columbian bldg-.. city.
FIRST-CLASS stenographers furnished. Miss
M. G. Barrett. Instructor. 802 Montgomery.
WANTED— First-class waist skirt and coat
hands and errand girl. J. BAER. 1200 Geary.
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia st
¦• HELP WANTED — .MALE.
AT THE CAL. EMPLOYMENT AGENCY
89 Third st., near Call bldg.; phono Bush 408.
FREE FARE.
NEVADA —NEVADA.
Reno, Golconda and Ryndon.
w? if 1 * 0 "™ 1 * 2 * day: S. P. R. R. C©.'_ own
FREE FARE.
SALT LAKE TRESTLH).
10 carpenters. $3 CO a day.
Board. $4 60 a week; bring tools.
S. P. R. R. . FREB.FARB.
OREGON COAL MIXES.' :
FARE ADVANCED,
8 coal miners. . 6-foot rein; $l & ton; fhlp
4 laborers, city. 9 hours. $2 23.
4 men for rock quarry. $2 23 a day.
CHICO. BUTTE CO.
Half rate fare. $2 80.
12 teamsters, $2 GO a day.
10 laborers, $2 25 a day.
Ship to-day; fee $1.
CAI_ EMP. AGENCY. TO Third rt.
PACD7IC EMPLOYMENT AGENCY,
__ _. . , 520 SACRAMENTO ST.
Phone Main 1191. Cor. Leldesdorff st
OODEN*— UTAH— FREB FARE.
8. P. R. R. Company work — OGDEN"
12 bridge carpenters on the Great SALT
LAKE— $3 80 day— Overtime 70o hour— Call
to-day — SUNDAY.
fonTjob?^^^ lar ~ «** er '
We have our offlce open to-day, Sunday, 10
to 12 m. Call and see us to-day. Read our
bulletin boards; also watch our ads la to-
morrow. MONDAY'S papers.
PACIFIC EMPLOYMENT AGENCY.
520^ — Sacramento st — 520.
WANTED — 15 more woodehoppers for mining
company, fare paid, long Job, pine, 2 and 4
foot wood; go early this week; good wages.
J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 623 Sacramento st.
WANTED— Insurance solicitors; eomethtng
new. popular and safe; the best out; pays
the holder to carry and the solicitor to sell;
if you are a business getter we can Interest
you. Address Mutual Protective League.
Lltchfleld, 111., or J. H. BURNER, Manager
Coast . Department. Pomona, Cal.
CORPORATION 1 controlling- business establish-
ed 1865 desires energetic business man with
unquestionable references as to abil-
ity and integrity, to take management ot
branch office; compensation $2500 per an-
num. Address "Auditors." box 536, Madl-
eon, WIs.
SALESMAN, good address and hustler, to call
'on jobbers and dealers In paints and drags
and to represent us as manufacturer's agent
for our full line of specialties; liberal propo-
sition to right party. Bereda Mfg-. Company
Chicago. 111. ,
WANTED — Two salesmen who can sell, who
desire to sell, who will sell, and who dress
and act well; If you mean business and have
confidence In yourself. I can put you In a
position to make some big money. Address
box 2603, Call office. ¦ ;¦ ¦ ,-.
SALESMEN calling on the trade, commission,
to sell new line odorless base-heating gas
stoves and new air-gas mantle burners; state
territory you cover.- TURNER & CO., 36
• La Salle st. Chicago.
WE paid one salesman this year, from January
to July. $1560 commission for selling Weir's
White Lead as a side line; write for our
proposition. D. T. WEIR WHITE I__U>
CO.. St. Louis. Mo.
TRAVELING salesman for California; no tech-
nlsal knowledge, but active, all-round hustler;
established, well-rated house. Box 624, De-
trolt. Mich. .
WANTED — A bright young man about 16 years
of age. In large wholesale establishment;
grammar school education and good penman-
ship required: references. Box 4431, Call.
WANTED— Boy to learn the grocery business;
about 15 to 16 years old. Apply Monday
after D o'clock nt GOLDBERG, BOWEN &
CO.'S, 432 Pine St., and ask for Mr. Whitney.
WANTED — BrlKht young man as shipping
clerk and bookkeeper for furniture store; one,
with experience only need apply to H.
/• SCHEI_,HAAS. Oakland.
"WANTED EVERYWHERE— Hustlers to tack
signs, distribute circulars, samples, etc.; no
canvassing; good pay. Sun Advertising Bu-
rea« Chicago. .
AN active young man as '.shipping clerk; also
capable of acting as salesman when neces-
sarv; position permanent; references. Box
4437. Call. ;
WANTED — At once, experienced traveling
salesman for California: none other need ap-
ply. Address Drawer S. Chicago.
SALESMAN to travel In California; capable
producing results staple line to country mer-
chants; bond required. Box 60S. St Louis. Mo.
WANTED — 50 reliable men and women for
steady, pleasant work; good pay. Apply by
letter only, "Iconoclast.'.' 300 Parrott bldg.
YOUNG man about 18 who has had some expe-
rience in stockroom in wholesale house. Call
Monday. 9 o'clock. 19 Battery st. third floor.
CEMENT workers, wheelers and mixers want-
j ed Monday morning, Fifth and Adeline sts.,
' Oakland. ; - ¦ ' '
DETECTIVES^ — Everywhere; good salary; no
I' -experience,. Int'l. Detec Agcy., Milwaukee.
. TRY our men's shoes, union made, at $1 and
I $1 80 pair; foot- form shoes -at $2 80; we pay
[ express or mail chrgs. 11 3d at. Exam. bid.
EMPLOYMENT TVANTEP— MAJLB.
WANTED— Situation as night .watchman or
elevator man ; can give beet of reference.
Box 8495. Call offlce. ___________
YOUNG man, neat appearing, seeks a posl-
. tjon as bookkeeper, or. assistant or col-
lector; stenographer; .speaks, reads and
writes the German language; best of ref er-
encea. Box 720. . Call offlce.
STEWARD for club or gents in chambers, priv-
ilege cooking, speaks and corresponds Ger-
man and French, sober, age 30; disengaged
Nov. 6. F. C. R.. Box 713. Call.
YOUNG business man ot this city wishes out-
door position, collector, eto.; references;
bonds, or cash security; any amount' Box
8470. Call offlce.
MAN and wife to take charge of kitchen, either
city or country. Box 715. Call offlce.
GOOD Japanese boy wants position as school-
boy in city. Address H. FUKAMI. 110
Golden Gate a~e. .
JAPANESE boy desires situation as sohool-
boy in city; speaks English' well. Call or
address Y. EEKI. 810% Stockton st. B. F.
JAPANESE honest boy wants position as
schoolboy in good family In city. H. TAKA.
607 Larkin st
JAPANESE wants position as school boy. Ad-
dress TABATA. 431 Stevenson Bt
JAPANESE boy wants situation as school boy.
B. K.. 633 Sutter st. Telephone Red 6518.
JAPANESE good boy wants situation. HBNRT
ITO. 807 Thirteenth st; tel. Page 4363.
FINANCIAL.
4 PER CENT to C PER CENT HIGH GRADE
Municipal, School, Railroad and Corporation
, Bonds, '
Bank and Trust Company Stocks.
Selected for conservative Investors.
Write for Information to
HEAZELTON * CO..
Stock and Bond Brokers,
Hayward Buildlnr.
San Francisco. Cal.
FLATS TOILET.
A— HOUSES and flats to let; an Immense list:
service absolutely free; take advantage of
this department; It will save you time and
trouble. Cordes Furniture Co.. 245-259 Geary
et. on the square.
. ELEGANT MODERN FLAT.
CONTAINING 10 ROOMS AND 2 BATHS,
CLOSE IN TOWN. RENT $90 MONTH.
McAFEE BROTHERS. 108 MONTGOMERY.
NEW up-to-date flat. 8 rooms, modern, 1390
O'Farrell St.; 4-room flat, newly finished,
corner O'Farrell and Laguna. $15 per month.
Apply MADISON & BURKE.
NEW modern up-to-date 7-room upper flat; 783
Fulton st; rent $35; near Buchanan st Ap-
ply MADISON & BURKE.
GOUGH, 2519. near Vallejo— Sunny lower flat of
6 rooms and bath; rent reduced to $23. VON
RHEIN R. E. CO.. 513 California st.
ELLIS, 810, near Polk — For business purposes;
3 rooms; all conveniences; electric light and
power. ¦
LARGEST list of new flats and houses; call
for printed list. LYON & HOAG. 116 Mont-
-- gomery st. ¦
NEW corner fiats; 8191 Washington; 7 and 9
rooms; separate entrances; rents $47 60 and
$57 50.
GREEN, 2063 — Handsome sunny upper flat}
marine view; 7 rooms; bath on two floors;
rent $50. ' _-_
$25— NICE flat 5 rooms; all conveniences;
open plumbing, tiling, tinting, garden. 893
Lombard st.
BRYANT, 321, corner— 1 flat of 6 rooms and
bath, $12. Apply Flat "C," on premises.
BUSH, 1651. near Franklin — 7 sunny rooms:
upper flat; $37 50; yard, etc.; rear entrance.
MCALLISTER. 331 — Unfurnished- parlor floor,
¦ 4 rooms, gas, bath, $23; adults; call before 3.
MCALLISTER, 1909, near Park— Modern sunny
upper flat; 5 rooms and bath; rent $22 60.
PIERCE and McAllister sts.. NE. corner— 0
rooms; new; rent $57 50.
TO let — 3 new flats. Devlsadero. between Turit
and Eddy; rent reasonable.
FIjATS^TO Ii_T---FU~.Xl'SHEp. "
SUNNY. 8-room flat;- largo grounds; Alameda.
153C St Charles st. Bay Station. . .
FLATS FOR. SALE-— FtlRVISHED.
A NEWLY fur. , flat . for sale; 18 large sunny
rooms, well arranged for renting, 823 and 825
.Polk Bt. Apply to H. S. RANSO.V.057 Market
FURNITURE 4 rooms for sale; flat to let. 1619
Dolores st. near _Oth, after 12 m.
TURSITtRE FOR SALE. ~~~
BEDROOM set. spring, mattress, $10. 7 Red-
wood court, near Sixteenth and Howard sts.
FCRXITCRE WANTED.
A. WOLLPERT. 773 Mission, phone Red 4462,
buys, rents, repairs, packs furniture, carpets.
HIGHEST price for furniture and mdse. L. H.
BURP. auctloneer,lS13 Mkt.;tel.Howard 2756.
HELP WANTED^— FEMALE.
COOK. Menlo Park, $30, San Mateo. $30; 2
ccoks, American family, $35; 6 cooks, Ger-
man families, $30-$35; parlor maid, $30; 5
second girls, $20-$25; 4 nurse girls, $15-$20-
$25; nurse girl, Benicla, $25; laundress for
orphanlge, $25; cleaning woman, $20, or-
phanage; waitress for nurses' hospital, $20;
maid and seamstress, $25; housework, San
Rafael, $30; housework, 2 family, $30; cham-
bermaid and waitress, city, $20, Vallejo, $25,
and a large number of houseglrls to call
. Monday to fill ' positions too many to adver-
tise; good wages. Apply to J. F. CROSETT
& CO.. 334 Sutter st *
A — Girls to learn millinery now for fall season;
both eeasons taught from start to finish In 1
month for $10; positions as trimmers, sales-
ladies, etc, guaranteed at $10 per week up;
day and evening class. 143 Stockton st, r. 13.
A — WANTED — Girls to learn halrdresslng.
manicuring, etc.; trade taught from A to Z
In 2. weeks; $5 to those entering now; 8 po-
Fitlons to fill immediately; positions guaran-
teed at $10 per week up; leading school In
West 233 Geary _t. room 13.
A — LADIES to learn all branches halrdresslng
trade; manicuring, massage, etc.. 1236 Mar-
ket st.. cor. 'Jones, room 94; positions secured
at highest wages; day and eve, class; call.
8_WIKO MACHINB OPERATORS AND RIV-
ETERS; NO EXPERIENCE NECESSARY;
PAID SALARY. LEVI STRAUSS & CO.'S
FACTORIES. 32% FREMONT ST. AND 1873
MISSION. NEAR FIFTEENTH.
WANTED — Young ladles as salespeople, thor-
oughly experienced in notions, ribbons, hand-
kerchiefs, leather goods, druggist sundries;
state experience. Box 4779, Call. -.-v. ¦-.->.
GIRL for cooking and housework and assist
care child; 2 adults, 1 child in family; small
. flat; good wages to competent help; call
mornings. 1529 Larkin at -
LADIES to do piecework at home; we furnish
materials and pay $7 to $12 weekly. Send
stamped envelope to ROYAL CO., 34-B Mon-
roe at. Chicago. ¦ Y- ..;".
WANTED — A reliable, competent woman to
take care of an invalid lady. Apply between
10 and 12, Monday morning, October 19, at
1701 Post at. •
A— OPERATORS -.anted on ladles' waists;
good pay; steady position. 656 Mission st,
third floor. • ; .
$25 a 100 WRITING letters home; materials
furnished; no deposit Particulars. Woman's
Remedy Co.. dept 21, Chicago.
FINISHERS and sewers on cloaks and suits:
high wages. RATNER., 144 Union square
ave.J opp. Union Square Park. . •¦
WHOLESOME, Intelligent lady over 23 : of
good ' character and standing for high-grade
position. -' Box 2605. Call office.
CLOAK and dress makers who are used to
alteration - work wanted at KELLY ¦ &
LEIBES', 120 Kearny st. ;
GIRL or woman to do light housekeeping- and
assist with. child; wages reasonable. 1560
Fell st, to-night, between 6 and 8.
I_ADIES having dollies, centerpieces. Batten-
berg and drawn work to sell. Address La-
dles' Exchange, 34-D Monroe st, Chicago.
MIDDLE-AGED woman as working housekeep-
er for gentleman with girl 7 years old. 622
Natoma st. - ' ¦ '
SALESLADY with experience at tissue paper
counter, paper flowers, etc Address box
47S3. Call offlce. -
LADIES to write "letters; $25 a 100. Address
American Novelty Co., Department 101,
South ; Bend. Ind. _¦ ;
COATMAKERS and improvers wanted; steady
work; good pay. MME. L. LENENBER-
GER, 139 Post st.
YOUNG lady to keep small set of books; hours
9 to 8: wages $5 per week. Address box
-. 2602, Call offlce. \
GIRL for general housework; plain cooking*
$20 month. Call 10 a. m., 120 Eleventh st,
; " top floor. . . • - . : .
WANTED— -Girl or woman to wait In restaur-
ant 272 Brannan Bt
RESTAURANT waitress. $9 a week. _>eo-
.. pie's Restaurant, 631 Clay st .: -
j HELP WAXTOP-~aiAI,E-— Continued.
MURRAY & READY. 634 and 636 Clay st.
Open To-day (Sunday). 8 to 12 a. m. >
PHONE MAIN 5343.
Leading Employment and Labor Agents.
1902 WE GAVE 1903 WE'LL GIVE
45 000 MET* WORK. 60.000 MEN WORK.
Men wanted TO-DAY for ,-.-,---
ARIZONA. OREGON.
NEVADA.
Southern Pacific and Santa F_ systems; free
PRS8 ON EVERY TRART.
SECTION HANDS. MUCKERS. DRILLERS.
Extra Gangs. Teamsters. Hammersmea.
MINES. TUNNELS. QUAR-tlES.
Miners, all over State. $0o and *S_ oO.
STABLES. FARMS. ORCHARDS DAIRIES
Farm and orchard handa, $30. $35. $40 fd.
Milkers. $30 to $30 and found. •
Choremen. coachmen, gardeners etc. »oO.
ID stablemen, city, country Jobs. $30 to »»>•
MURRAY A READY.
634-638 Clay st
SAWMILLS— WOODS. „-
GU laborers, no experience wanted. $40 to $70
and found. _._ '¦ ,, mr .
196 mill and yard men. $50 to $i-«.
863 WOODCHOPPBRS.
m?n, cI xr <£-. sr^«ra«ors&
I 3-&T. ***» CUT -t.
COOKS. WAITERS PORTERS.
24 cooks, hotels, restaurants, camps, mines
and ranches, city and country. $30 to $.0 ra.
12 waiters, city and country. $23 to $« IJ-
14 butchers, different Jobs. $40 to $30 found.
Second cook. mine. 2 waiters. $40. $30 found.
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st.
MECHANICAL.
2 coopers, factory, 20c fare. $3 25 day.
LOCATED EVERYWHERE. ,
638 laborers and teamsters, city, and country,
some factories, mills, warehouses, excavating.
' building, etc. > many in San Francisco; lots
to board home, $_, $2 23, $2 CO.
Positions not advertised. -
COME — SEE.
BEST PLACES AT MURRAY A READY'S.
BIGGEST WAGES at 634-606 Clay st
" "" PLACER COUNTY.
16 laborers, flume work with carpenter.
$67 60. _ , ., e-«
1B carpenter*, flume work, fare $3. 5.3.
SANTA BARBARA TO-DAY.
26 laborers, you'll suit $45 found.
8 lumber pliers, north. $75. • . -
A T_.T_r_O^A
903 MILES. PRESCOTT MIDDLETOWN.
ARIZONA. TO-DAY ¦ $1 80 FEE.
6 slack coopers. 9c; 5 cabinet makers.
TO FRESNO TO-DAY.
15 laborers, lumber company. $40 to $38 fd*
OREGON.
COAL MINERS— OREGON— FTIEE FARE.
65 coal miners, Oregon. $3 to $5 a day.
VERY MURRAY 4 READY.
IMPORTANT. 624-636 Clay st
MIDNIGHT SPECIALST *
Bakers' helper, city. $23 and found.
LOS ANGELES.
4 farm hands. $30 and found.
2 shinglers, Monterey County. 60o M.
Man. run boring machine, city mill. $1 73.
Butcher shop, south. $47 80 and found.
8 blacksmiths and helpers, $3 to $2 day.
6 boys learn trader $5. $6 and $7 week. •
PRIVATE GROUNDS.
MULTIMILLIONAIRE GROUNDS.
6 laborers, you'll suit, fare $1. $20 found.
THIS IS 9 HOURS.
12 laborers, fare paid. $67 80. i
MAKUFACTURLNG PLANT.
25 laborers, fare $1 50: you'll suit. $67 50.
Old man, care city warehouse. $20.
Sheet metal worker, soldertnir. general tin-
smith, country, boss here. $3 73 da?.
Carpenter. 70c fare. lather and shlngler. $3
_*y.
Carpenter, Monterey County. $90.
MURRAY & READY. 634-639 Clay st.
DIAMOND $75 4-hor3e teamsters.
MATCH $75 You'll suit
COMPANY $75 Go to-day.
COST YOU $1 THAT'S ALL.
MURRAY -b READT. 634-636 Pay st.
WANTED— A coatmaker at BARNETT'S, 2262
Mission st. J
WANTED — Jewelers at 17 Lie- place. Lick
House. _________
YOUNG men for wrapping parcels. Apply «u-
perintendenfs offlce. Emporium.
NEAT errand boys. Apply superintendent's of- I
flee. Emporium.
WANTED — An experienced paper cutter. Apply
SA-NBORN. VAIL & CO.. 741 Market st
GOOD errand boy wanted. MME.* I* LENEN-
BERGER. ISO Post st.
FIR3T-CLAS3 coatmaker-. 1103 Market st
YOUNG man to carry morning paper route.
Address C. G-. 203 Guerrero st
WANTED— A first-class upholsterer. -JOHJ*
P. CLEESE & CO.. 1121 Howard Bt.
WANTED— A bedmaker; wages $9; call early.
Yosemlte House, 1043 Market st.
BARBER trrlp and full set of tools. Apply
019 Capp at.
BARBER trade taught In 8 weeks. Address
W. C. B., 647 Commercial st
WRAPPER wanted to assist In w rapptnr desk.
Apply S. N. WOOD. 716 Market st
DRUMMEJIS wanted for merchant tailor; good
inducement 1125 Market st. bet. 7th and 8th.
WANTED — Dishwasher at 1792 Mission st
FOR sale — Two-chair barber shop and living
rooms; a bargain. Box 4731. Call.
WANTED — For U. S. Marine Corps, able-
bodied unmarried men. between 21 and 35;
good character; must vpeak. read and writ*
Knglish: marines serve at sea on men-of-
war In all parts of the world, on land In our
island possessions, and at naval stations In
the United States. Apply at recruiting of-
fice, 40 Ellis st., San Francisco, Cal.. and
401 K it., Sacramento, Cal.
MEN wanted to distribute samples, circulars,
tack signs, etc.; we have distribution for ev-
ery locality; good pay; permanent occupation.
ATOZ. South Whltley, Ind. -
WANTED — A flrst-class window dresser and
card writer for out of town; a rood position,
and good salary for the right man. Address,
stating- reference., box 726. Call offlce.
WHY pay big prices to have your shoes half-
soled when you can get It done for 25c. SOo
and 60c. while you wait at 863 Mission st.
bet 1st and 2d sts.. or 11 Third st?
A MAN of indomitable energy and push, a good
talker, eager to make money, F. PERSON.
477 and 4S3 Parrott h-lldlng. "
$73 PER month and traveling expenses paid
salesman to sell to grocers; experience un-
necessary. PURITY CO., Chicago.
WANTED — Responsible man for steady posi-
tion; $150 cash security required. 1032 Mar-
ket st, room 4.
BARBERS — Partner —anted; chance for young
man; about $75. Apply Call offlce.
BUSHELMAN and coatmakers for country.
Apply REISS BROS. St CO.. 24 Butter st
NEAT, clean errand boys wanted. Apply Su-
perintendent's offlce. Emporium.
¦WANTED— A rood military tailor. 91* Mar-
ket Bt, room 82; steady work.
YOUNG man In offlce of large corporation*
salary $25 per month. Box 728. Call offlce.
WANTED — Flrst-class coat, pants and vest
makers; lots of work; good pay. Apply N.
• DAVIS, Reno. Nev.
BARBERS — 5-chair shop In heart of city for
sale; owner going to Europe. Call DECK-
ELMAN BROS.. 108 EUla st
WANTED — Experienced mechanical and ar-
chitectural draughtsmen; good inducements
to first-class men. Apply 216 Bush st. en-
gineering department
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkln. Reno House proprietor, has
added ICO new rooms to the Denver House.
217 Third St.; 250 rooms; 25c to 50c per night.
MEN to learn barber trade; only S weeks re-
quired; special offer this month; catalogue
and full information mailed free. HOLER
SYSTEM COLLEGE. 633 Clay st.
FOR sale — Barber shop, 3 chairs; in lively
country town; price $1CO. "WILL & FINCK.
barber supply department 21 O'Farrell st.
WANTED — Rough carpenters and laborers!.
Apply room 14. 20 Montgomery st, San
Francisco Construction Company. . . -
pension Atty. m. Harris. 40 eius st; 14
years' pr_ct>?: refererces from. thousa_-.^r •<
persons for wi>«m I have secured pensions.
FIRST-CLASS salesman for children's _e-
partm't HUB CLOTHING STORE. Oakland.
MEN to learn barber trade; catalogue mailed.
S. F. Barber School. 741A Howard st
OPERATORS wanted at once on cloaks at M
SIMINOFF-S. 1228 Market st. _^
BOY 16 years; good opportunity: steady posl-
tlon. Carson Glove Co... 123 Second st.
McDONALD & PERRY have a large stock of
new and second-hand shoes; cheap. 2_D 3d nt.
PENSION atty. E. A. BulHa. room 40. Phelan
bldg. Past Com. Geo. H. Thomas Post G.A.U.
SAILORS and ordinary eearaen.for Europe and
Australia. HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart st •
TRY our men's shoes, union made, at $1 and
$1 60 per pair, foot-form shoes at $2 50, or
orthopedic shoes. $3 50;best shoes on earth. H
Third st.. Exam, btdg., 5 doors from Market
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 Third st. near Mar-
ket— 700 rooms. 35c night; reading rooms-
free 'bus and baggage to and from ferry. "
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, hah
price. 863 Mission st. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
GET your shoes half soled while waiting: 23*
to 60c. 663 Mission st , bet 1st and 201 its.
EDUCATIONAL—- Continued.
HINMAN'S' Academy; a thorough school of
dancing; established 20 years. 1412 Polk St..
between Pine and California; both adult and
children's classes -are now open for the season.
AYRES. the leading business college, 723 Mar-
ket st; special summer course in all depart-
ments: handsome catalogue free'; life scholar-
shlp. $50; day and evening - sessions.
CALIFORNIA Business College. 305 Larkin st
"A thorough • school'.' ; positions secured for
•graduates; modern -methods; individual in-
struction. Write for illustrated catalogue.
THE Lyceum, an accredited preparatory school
for the university, law and medical colleges;
ref.. President Jordan or any Stanford pro-
fessor; day, evening sessions. Phelan bldg.
A— 8AN FRANCISCO Business College, 1239
Market st. — Practical, progressive, reliable;
day & evening sessions; write for catalogue.
A GENTLEMAN teaches privately young men
and women whose education has been neg-
lected; also foreigners. Call or add. 719 Post
HEALD'S School of Mines & Electricity,24 Post
st, 8. F.; a practical school of engineering;
com pi ete. equipment. Special catalogue free.
ENGINEERING — Civil, elec, min.. mech.. sur-
vey, assay, cyanide; day, eve.; est. 1864. Van
der Nalllen School. 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
GOLDEN Gate Com' I College, 630 Golden Gate
ave. ; full business course; day and evening.
BCHOOL Of ILLUSTRATION.. Day and
PARTINQTON'S. 424 Pine st... Night class.
ART lessons In. drawing, painting, burnt work.
Klngsland Art Shop, Halght and Devlsadero.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing,
etc.; day or eve.: $5 mo. 1024 Mlgslon.nr.6th.
PIANO lessons given to beginners at OOo. Box
2610. Call offlce. '
i A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— Th* Weekly Call.
16 pares. In wrapper, for mnlllng. >1 year.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
GTORG^ADKX^l^PosT^rTteirSush 138—
Japanese-Chinese employment offlce; fnr-
nlshes best help; contracts for farm help, etc
IF you want Japanese help, advertise in The
New World. Japanese dally paper. 383 Geary.
A— ORPHEUM Employment Offlce— Japanese-
Chlnese help. 426 Powell. Tel. Main 5782.
A— GRAND Japanese-Chinese Emp. Offlce 418
Stockton: tel. Grant 163; expert, reliable help.
CHINESE Employment Offlce — Beet help at
Leon Seung"*. 411% O'Farrell; tel. East 426.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of-
flce; all kinds help. 315 Stockton; Main B1S8.
CHINESE and Japanese help; estab. 20 years.
Tel. Main 1007. BRADLEY & CO.. 640 Clay.
EMPLOYMENT "WANTED FEMALE.
i A SCOTCH cook, young and strong, best of
references, wants a quiet place at $30, where
there Is a second girl kept Call at MISS
PLUNKBnT'S. 42C Sutter st. near Powell.
A YOUNG nurse girl wants a place to care for
one child at $15 a month; must be seen In the
offlce. MISS PLUNKBTT, 425 Sutter st.
near PowelL • ¦
A SWEDISH girl with 4 years' references
wants housework and cooking at $30 month;
no window.washlng. Call at MISS PLUNK-
BTT'S. 42ff Sutter st. near Powell. '
AN experienced nurse wishes engagements, sur-
gical or confinements; reference; reasonable;
careful: prudent: economical. Call or address
MRS. MERRITT. 127 Seventh et
English young lady desires engagement from
November 1 as nurse to young children; is
expert on children's clothing, fancy work and
the training of. children. Box 3408, Call.
DRESSMAKER and ladies' suit maker; good
cutter and fitter: engagements made at once
in private families; only flrst-class work
! done. MISS BARSS. 1024 Mission Bt.
REFINED colored girl Would like work In doc-
tor's office, or other light work; some time
for self; small wages, board and washing.
Box 4440. Call offlce.
A RELIABLE German woman wlehea a situa-
tion to do housework and cooking in a small
family; wages $25 to $30; good laundress.
Box 4441. Call offlce.
A COMPETENT woman would like to take
care of children and assist at light house-
work. Box 4773, Callofflce.
CAPABLE young woman; can sew well; wants
to care for an Invalid: beat references. Box
47S7, Call offlce.
CAPABLE young woman; can sew well; wants
to care for child; best references. Box 4782,
Call offlce. . !
COMPETENT young woman wishes housework;
city or country; wages moderate. Box 2608,
Call offlce.
ENGAGEMENTS by the day at homes treat-
ing »halr and scalp by reliable treatment; no
triflers. MRS. E. HIGBEE. 1356 Pacific st
SWEDISH woman wishes work by the day
washing and housecleanlng; flrst-class refer-
ence. 1223 Stelner St.
ELDERLY lady wishes position to care' for
child, or do plain sewing in family. Apply
033 Sacramento st.
A GOOD woman wishes work by the day; good
laundress, cook, chamber work. Box 4446,
Call offlce. - ¦
GERMAN lady wishes work by the day.
RAUSHAN, 1485 San Bruno road, corner
Army st.
NEAT, reliable, honest girl desires position to
do housework; no children; best references.
Box 723. Call.
GERMAN woman, good cook and housekeeper,
wishes position in country. 234 Minna st,
between Third and Fourth.
BY a young lady In business offlce; sten-
ographer and has knowledge of bookkeeping.
Box 4405. Call.
ELDERLY woman wishes situation to _o light
housework; city or country. Box 4444, Call.
A GERMAN woman wishes light housework or
cleaning by the day. Call 522VS Ivy ave.
GOOD .stenographer of experience and ability
desires position; salary $60. Box 4785, Call.
EXPERIENCED stenographer desires perma-
nent position. Box 3499, Call.
JAPANESE girl wants a good position as
flrst-class cook; $35 up a month; have refer-
ences. SUMI, 031 Sacramento st
WANT Sds and subscriptions taken for The
Call at Eaton's Bazaar. 633 McAllister st.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED — MALE.
AN energetic man of legal, business and lit-
erary training seeks position that gives large
returns. Advertiser could manage estate or
act is confidential agent being resourceful
and having a good record; will accept poat-
- tlon where brains and rare attainments
count. Being one man in thousands he eeeks
one tla.ee in thousands. Present income is
$3000. Might Invest with employer. Box
4433, Call.
WANTED — A situation by a foreman to take
charge of gentleman's private place; flrst-
class in all horticultural and agricultural
branches; 14 years' experience; civil service
standing of 100 per cent as gardener; flrst-
class references. Box 2600, Call office.-
BRIGHT, ambitious young man, clean-cut,
neat appearance, good address, wishes con-
' nectlon with responsible house In sales de-
partment; no books or insurance. Box 4792,
Call offlce. :.-;¦.;<.
SITUATION private place, city or country, by
competent young man, 26 (Dane) ; capable
taking care of horses and garden; also a
first-clans driver; references. Box 2607. Call.
GOOD, steady, non-union carpenter would like
employment In factory, warehouse or real
estate firm or private owner, where he could
make himself useful. Box 2600, Call offlce.
INDUSTRIOUS man of high references desires
any honest work that will Insure good liv-
ing; la educated and not afraid ot hard
work. Address box 4432, Call.
MEDICAL student desires 1 to S hours' work
a day and all day Saturdays; bookkeeping or
any kind of work; terms reasonable. Box
3496. Call. ¦
AN experienced bookkeeper can epare 2 hours
dally to take charge of books of small busi-
ness house.- Address box 4703, Call.
YOUNG man wants position on ranch or hand-
ling stock; can fill- position as foreman; $40
and board required. Box 4776, Call.
WANTED — Position as night watchman, city
or ccuntry, or to do any kind of work around
the house. Box 4788. Call. .
WANTED — Work for a young man of 10 years.
jvilllng and strong; wholesale 'house prefer-
v reel. Box 4443, Call offlce. '
CAKE baker wants situation; good ornamenter;
city or country. Box 47S9, Call offlce.
SOBER nnd Industrious young man would like
position. Box 4778. Call. ' ,
BAKER wishes position in the country. Box
¦ 4774." Call office. • '
RETIRED, very temperate, active, elderly sea
' captain, having been unfortunate In his in-
vestments, desires suitable employment, such
. aa charge of yacht, steam launch, etc. Ad-
dress P. O. box 2163, San . Francisco, Cal.
YOUNG man (21) wants position in offlce or
. salesroom; understands bookkeeping; whole-
sale grocery preferred; references. Box 725,
Call offlce. '' • . .
A PERMANENT position 'wanted by experi-
., enced ' clerk . in' grocery or general merchan-
dise store; Al reference. Box 4771, Call offlce.
GARDENER, first class; laying out and taking
. care of large private grounds a . specialty;
best references. . Box 724., Call, office.* . «¦ - .
BARBER. 50 years old. wants a steady Job.
' Address box 722, Call .office. j
CUt-tCIl BER.VJCF.9.
UNITARIAN Church (First). S. W. ocr. Geary
end Franklin sts. — Rev. Brandford Leavitt,
minister. Rex-. Bradford Leavitt and Chas.
A. Murdock. r-pts. of Sunday echool. Jurlor
churrh end Sunday Bchool are at 10 o'clock.
The roornin* service is at 11 o'clock. Rev.
- i:i_<!fi ni Leavitt will preach: subject, "What
All the World Is Seeking." Music by quartet
under direction of EL liretherlck. organist.
Parents may leave their children in the
kindergarten during service. All are cordially
Invited. There is no evening eervlce.
UNITARIAN Church (Second), corner Twenti-
eth and Capp ste. (Take Mission or Valencia
*t. car.) — Rev. Jay William Hudson, minis-
ter; residence 5<H> Capp st The Sunday-
school 16 at 9:4i o'clock; W. C. Maxwell,
superintendent. At the morning sen-ice at
11 o'clock nev. Jay William Hudson will
preach, subject, "The Hearts cf Great Men":
muElc by orchestra and choir, under the di-
rection of Jabish Clement. All the seats are
free. No regular evening service.
PLYMOUTH Congregational Church. Post St.,
near Webster — Rev. I. C. Meserve. D. D..
pastor. Morning worship at 11; sermon topic.
"In the Beginning, God." Evening worship
«t 7:45; sermon topic, "What Is That in Thy
Hand (Money and Authority)?" Sunday
pebooi ot 9:30 a. m. C. E. meeting at
6:45 t». ra. ________
CALVARY Presbyterian Church, cor. Jackson
and Fillmore sts. — Rev. John Hem phill, D.
D., pastor. Morning service at 11 o'clock:
sermon topic, "Hindrances to the Christian
LSfe." Evening service at 7:30 o'clock; ser-
mon toplo, "Christ's n-tlm ate of Himself
and His Mission." The pastor will preach
ct both services. Sabbath -school at 0:80 a.
m.; orchestral music. Christian Endeavor
meeting at 6:30 p. ra. Prayer metelng Wed-
nesday evening at 8 o'clock. All are oor-
-la!Iy lavlted.
FXRST Presbyterian Church. Van Ness are. and
Baeramento Ft. — Rev. William Kirk Guthri*.
pastor. 6erv:ces et 11 a. m. and 7:30 p. m.
The pastor will preach at both nerrlces. Sab-
bath school et 12:30 p. m. Christian En-
deavor at 6:15 p. m. Wednesday, 8 p. m.,
midweek service. All are. cordially Invited.
CENTRAL M. E. Church, Mission st.. between
Flxth and Seventh — The pas-tor. George W.
White, wiil preach at both morning and
evening fervices. The morning topic will be.
"The Place of Power." In tbe evening the
upual orchestral concert at 7: Si), followed by
term on et S. en the toric. "The Fatal Fal-
lacy." The Punday-echool meets now nt
12:45. The Younisr People's meetings at 6:15.
Everybody cordially Invited. Seats free.
GRACE Church (Methodist Episcopal), corner
Twenty-first ar.d Ocrp sts. — Rev. F. M. Lar-
vin, Ph.D.. pastor. Services, 11 a. m. and
7:20 p. m. Morning subject. "The Help of
Prayer." Evening, "Irrever» •nee. a Social
Menace." Sunday -echool, 12:43 p. m.; J. E.
Prescott, superintendent.*
61MPFON Memorial Methodist Episcopal
Church, corner Hayes and Buchanan sts. —
Rev. John Stephens, pastor, 333 Haigrht ft
Pennon at 11 a. m. on "The Gospel Accord-
ing to Luke," and at 7:30 p. m. on "The
Word of Jesus." Sunday-echool at 12:30 p.
m. ; C. B. Perkins, euperinteafient. Epworth
I*a»r_e at C:SO p. m.; Dr. R. O. Moody pres-
ident '
FIRST Coturr egatlor.al Church, corner Post and
Maso-i sts. — Rev. George C. Adams. D. D..
pastor, will preach at both services. At 11
a. ro.. topic. "A Friendless Enterprise. " At
7:45 p. m.. "A Peculiar Sort of Letter." All
are cordially Invited.
THIRD Congregational Church. Ffteenth st,
near Mission— Rev. William Ra£er, paator.
will preach at both services. 11 a. m.,
"Watching With Christ, or the Sleeping
Guards." 7:30 p. m., "The Conscience of
the Other Man."
YHIST Baptist Church, Eddy rt... near Jones —
Preaching at 11 a. ni. and 7:30 p. xn. by Rev.
Charles J. Hall; topic, morning, "Twentieth
Ccotnrjr Inspiration for Sen-ice"; eveninp,
"The Responsibility of Opportunity." Bible
echool, l_:."tu p. rn. Christian Endeavor
meetings. 0:30 p. m. Midweek prayer meet-
ins. W«Jne*_ay. 7:45 p. m.
FIRST Church of Christ, Scientist, Central
block. 223 Sutter «., bet. Kearny and Grant
ave.— -Christian Science service at 11 a. m. ;
subject of lesson-sermon, "Probation After
Death." Sunday pchool for children at the
parne hour; Wednesday evening meeting at S
o'clock; free reading room. _t*5 Kearny st.,
moms WW-510; all are welcome.
A MASS meeting for men to-day at the Young
lien's Christian Association Auditorium,
Mason and Ellis e*s.; addressed by Rev. H.
H. Bell, D. D.. on "The Five Without*."
t-acred concert be£lr.s at 2:45 o'clock. All
men welcome.
THE People's Church holds services Sunday
ever.lr.P8 at 8 p. m. et 223 Butter St., Elks'
Hall. Central liloclc Pastor. Mrs. Anna L.
Gtlleqple.
THE Theosophieal Society— Col. H. S. Olcott
president -founder. Public lecture at 8 p. m..
in Golden Gate Hall, Sutter Et.. by C. W.
Leadbeater of London: subject "Possibili-
tles of Human Consciousness": admission 25c
MEE71?. 3S SPJfDAY. ~
DEBATE— "Is the Basis of Social Progress
Idealistic Rather Than Materialistic?" Isaac
Selfcy (Unitarian minister) affirms: Arthur
I/ewla (SoclallFt lecturer) denies; Wed. and
Frl. evg.. Academy of Sciences; 8.
MME. BECLET. In epirit costume; rrand flow-
er test meeting; good music; Friendship
Hall. Odd Fellows' bldg.. 8 p. m. ; adm. 10c.
MME. YOUNG'S convincing test circle to-night,
10c: 619 McAllister St.; all private readings
dally. 760 Central ave.. Cth-st sta.. Alameda.
KATIE HEUSSMANN at Calistoga en account
mother's Illness; no circles, meetings, sittings
till further notlc* through Sunday's press.
MRS. EB~RHART"S spiritual test meeting to-
Rlght. 10c, S o'clock sharp. 3250 Twenty-
eecond et.. bet. Mission and Valencia.
A— MPJ3. GILUNGHAM will read sealed ques-
tions. fi09 Market St., 8 p. m.. front hall.
MRS. STODDARD continue* to give convincing
tests to al!; Pun., Tues. sittings. 278 8th Bt.
EAIILE'S crand seance to-night: slate ques-
tlnns. full names. 10C2 Ellis; Wed. aft. also.
FRIENDSHIP Hall. 335 McAllister— Mrs. Mey-
er; tests tr> all; 10c; last meeting until notice.
TESTS— Front hall. 909 Market. 2 and 7:30. Mr.
Wllron: 7:00. _l.-s. Glillngham. Dr. Cowan.
~>*- O- KEEGAN holds a test seance eveij night
e_c«pt Saturday. 10c; Bit 10 to B. 148 Cth st
SPIRITUAL circle. S o'clock. Prof. Perkins
1220 Mission et. ; ground floor.
C V. MILLER'S materializing seance to-nlrfit
8 o'clock. $1. 10S4 Bush st
StXDAY LECTCHES.
AA— DR. J. DEPEW KERGAN'S free lecture
this evening. Costal Hall. Pythian Castle
P0» Market st. ; subject, "The Reminder— If •'
, followej by views nf a visit to Rome and
Italy; free tickets will be distributed for
: ¦*-«>•. exhibition at Fanltarlum. Tuesday
evening;., remember ttje question box; special
EWAMI ' TRICrUNATITA. will deliver his
. tweiftn lecture to-night on "What Is God,"
. 8 t>. m. . Admission 25c. He also lectures
. *«»ery -Monday evening o_' the Glta, admls-
_lcn. 60c,. 3 tickets $_. 40 Stelner street Ve-
Canta Spcleif". c
-O «•. -ORLOW will deliver a lecture
in T.o._en-G_te Hall (upstairs), C29 Sutter st
Tfcls evening* at 8 o'clock Fharp: subject '
"The Successful Psychic Mind."
Good music and slng'.nfe. Admission Is free.
TrXVLU'to-rAgiX- Btelnway Hall. 223 Sutter
' l££%fi3&!_~Z .*k P_y<*- Law Governing
It. Psychological demonstrations thou«_it-
readin* and clairvoyance. "rougni
"**? xv ,. T /, i 1 *?'. £1-- Inharmonious Vlbra-
S-^S'V 1 *** 7:^°- Tn - dd ' u » FrR_ of For-
ward I Movement.- Occidental Hall, Larkin and
, — icAfisstcr ets.
FS_5__!__f_ •**»«>¦ and get lecture No. 1.
* er^310*c H . r £ nOtSsnl ? " by Mr «- E - D - Las£
' r^£^R OL ? InT _* n<1 Sclenc * Society lectures
• T£? S,, 8 p -"- ; BW ' ***¦• OM ™-
"^ o " n T lecture. Henry Harrison Brown, "Just
for Fun." Odd Fellows' building. 8 p. na.
MEETIXG NOTICES.
ALTA Lo_;re Xo. 205, I. OOF
Initiation MONDAY, Oct. 39 All^WSSS-tfe*
ir.emben _re recuettcd to W-^^oW
tend. Visitors welcome. **+a&8f5Sr
*¦'« - , ALFRED VOLIGNY, R. G.
B. F. LEDFORD. Bee. E?cy.
FIDELITY Lodge No. 222 I O O *— -_,
P.— Initiation MOXDAY Exfcx- i?5*_:5»_?'*
ING, Oct. ]:.. Vi-itor* welcome. SpEiSGwS
.1. n. CASSIDY. N. G. -«!5_?* c
W. MITCHELL. Reg Sec
THE Son Francisco Scottish Thlrtle v c_* ¦*-
Club will hold its 2_d annual Hal-». QtOj
. loween ball. FRIDAY EVENING AlSc
October 30. lt»03. at Lyric Hall. "*_?•%
119 Eddy st. everybody welcome A gala
time assund to all. Good music. Grand
march aj 8:S0 p. m. Admission 'payable at
door), 23 ceftts. Hat and cloak rooms at dis-
posal of £ue£ts.
GEORGE TT. MILLER, Roval Chief.
GEORGE W; PATERSON. Recorder.
THE California Debris Commission having re-
ceived application* to mine by hydraulic
pnoeews from E. C. Kavanaugh and William
H. Duffey. in Phillips mine, near Forest
Hill. Placer County. Cal.. draining into Mis-
souri Creek, which reaches American River,
and from North America Consolidated Gold
Mining Company, in its mine near Gibson-
vllle. Sierra County. Cal.. draining into west
¦ branch of Slate Creek, which reaches Yuba
Elver, gives notice that rceetlng. will be held
.! «t room 86. Flood b/illdinc. San Francisco.
. Cal., Noveiaber 2. 1903. at 1:80. p. m.
AGENTS WANTED.
$1.00 PER HOUR and upward POSITIVE. The
I* manufacturers of the BEST, most attractive
and RAPID SELLING ladles' and men s
drees ehoe known desire men and women
_«nonetr_tore everywhere. Ten NEW. re-
markable sight selling health and comfort
' features; original selling plan; posslbillUes
I unlimited NO RI8K. Write to-day.
: Son komfort Shoe Co.. 1165 Market st..
San Francisco. Cal.
I WANTED-100 brieht. energetic and thor-
oughly reliable agents, male or female, all
| over the Pacific Coast to present a ¦trictfy
I first -clans huslners proposition. Box 4. 91. Call.
I AGENTS wanted .verywhere to handle "N'oyel-
ty Sign Cards"; every merchant buys from 10
: to loo on sight; bOO varieties; catalogue fr»e.
SULLIVAN CO.. 45 May St., Chicago, 111.
a G K NTS— An agency for a proposition that Is
a decWed^rnpTovement on building and loan
U worth having. Great Western lmprove-
ment Co.. Parrott bldg. j p
! HOUSEHOLD novelty: 100.000 sold In Milwau-
kee- big profits ; exclusive field; free sample;
salary. Edgren Mfg. Co.. Milwaukee. Wla.
AGENTS, either sex. everywhere: a ™ n *Z-
raaker; write for terms: samples free. 8H_r.
HERD Mfg. Co.. 941 Liberty st. Plttsburg.
AGENTS can make $10 per day selling our
novelty machines; send stamp for circular
and price. FOOTE CO.. Los Angeles, Cal.
$32 A WEEK salary and expenses for men.
with rigs to sell poultry compound. Imperial
Mfg. Co.. dept. 64. Parsons. Kans. ¦
MAKE $5 a day; sell photos from Parts life;
sample. 12 stamps. W. G ASTON. Bureau
14. Parts. France.
NATIONAL Trio eells for 20c to 0 out of 10
persons. SMITH _ CO., box 1638, Prtnrl-
dence. R. I.
HOARDING FOR CHILDREN.
WANTED— A child to board; private .family;
mother's care. 1536 HyCe st.
ATTO RS BY S-AT-LAW.
ADVICE FREE.
OLD ESTABLISHED
COLU_IBIAN LAW & COLLECTION AGENCY
Able attorneys. Rm. 85, 916 Market, oppo-
site Emporium. Bad tenants ejected speedily
and reasonably. Collections, no matter how
email, attended to; attachments: bonds fur-
nlehed; corporations organized; civil and crim-
inal practice. Tel. John 6226. Open evga. by ap-
pointment. We solicit an interview with you,
ADVICE FREE. ESTABLISHED 22 YEARS.
Divorces a specialty. Private. Quick.
NO PAY UNLESS SUCCESSFUL.
G. W. HOWE.
Attorney and Counselor at Law,
Open Evenings 7 to 9. Phone Jessie 4711.
Ofncee on First Floor — Rooms 1, 2. 8, 4 and 5.
1122 Market St., Between Mason and Taylor.
Alrooet Opposite "Hale's" I?ry Goods Store.
THE LEGAL ADVISORY. Inc.
Practice in Federal and all State Courts.
Attachments, divorce, mining, bankruptcy,
prosecutions, adjustments, corporations, pat-
ents estates, probate.
Experienced and Reliable Attorneys Engaged.
Advice guaranteed. Correspondence solicited.
611 MIA. 611B Crossley Bldg. Tel. John 2926.
N. E. Cor. New Montgomery and Mission Sts.
UOBT. W. KING, atty-at-law. Examiner bid.,
rocm 611; all cases, damaires, estates, wills,
attachments, collections, etc.; consultation
free: no advance charcee: call or write;
event ngg by appointment. Tel. Red 3601.
ADVICE free^ — I will advance cost in meritori-
ous cases, dlvcrces, probate an. all other law
cares; no fees In advance; open every eyen-
irg. J. M. THURSTON. 819 Market st. r. 31.
WARNER TEMPLE. 03 Chronicle building;
bankruptcy, accidents, proDate and matri-
mcnlal cases; 1-tor liens.
A. M. EWING — Attorney-at-law. Room 612,
Parrott bldg.; phone South 655.
; DIVORCE— Costs, $12; quick, quiet; open even-
lcgs. 027 Market st. room 301.
! L. E. CLARK, Emma Spreckels bldg.. 027 Mar-
ket rt.: consultation free; no fees In advance.
AITKEN A AITKEN. attorneys, rs. 309-10-11.
Clunle bldg.. 503 California St.; tel. Main 727.
ADVICE free; no charge unless successful; all
law business. W. W. Davidson. 927 Market
CHIRP PO PI STS.
DUN LAP FOOT INSTITUTE. 60 Geary— All
aliments of the feet cured: corns. bunion*. etc
COLLEC^OyOF^ICES^^^^^^
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO.. 415 Montgomery, rooms 9-10: tel. 5680.
COTTAGES TO LET.
FURNISHED cottage, 114 Hawthorne st, near
Poiiom; 5 rooms and bath.
j BUSINESS CHANCES.
I OPPORTUNITY IS NOW — Miners' Incorporat-
ing Comrany want three or more good men
or womun, with ready money, $100 to $500
each, to put in and up, and be associate ln-
corporators. As subscription for shares on
ground floor prices and opportunity. For
details call upon or write GILES OTIS
; PEARCE, M. E., Room 11, Brooklyn Hotel.
San Francisco, Cal.. for 10 days only, from
10 a. m. to 3 p. m. of each day.
FOR sale — Furniture, carpets and good will of
a new brick apartment-house of 175 rooms,
in the city's swellest locality; partly fur-
nithed, and although Just opened is over half
filled with regular tenants already; long
lease; if you want an apartment-house don t
fail to get particulars of this at rooms 1404
; and 1403. Call buildlne.
~ J TnusT TOU .
$20 invested 6 months ago has earned $1600;
no margins; not more than $20 required; can
handle your own money; something out of
ordinarj'; no charge until profits are realized;
then I trust to your honor to remit small per-
centage; write me. M. S. HOWARD, 1022
Masonic Temple, Chicago.
I BRANCH bakery and grocery store; conmlete
stock; fu21 value; bread, pie and cake sales
pay expenses; shelving, counters, show-
cases, gas fixtures, partitions; novelties and
echool supplies; 4 living rooms; rent with
lease, $25. MONTGOMERY &. TILLEY, 105
Telegraph ave.. Oakland.
RARE chance — B. bakery, delicacy and light
groceries; located on busiest street in the
Mission; 2 furnished rooms; neat and clean;
pure air and sunshine; average sales $15 per
day: rent $15 per month; good fixtures and
Etock; all for $8:0; Investigate this; coa;ettts.
Box 4775. Call.
FOR sale — Blacksmith, horseshoeing and wheel-
wright Eho» and residence in fine fruit and
farming country; all up-to-date machinery:
doing fine business; must sell on account of
¦v^poor health; $4250. Box 85, Gulnda, Cal.
SMALL Investments havo yielded large average
returns — $20 Invested ten months has pro-
duced average earning, exceeding those of the
Standard Oil Co.; opportunity still open;
straightforward, honorable business proposi-
tion, coming from a corporation with $1,000,-
000 capital; Nat. Bank refs.; write us. STAR
& CRESCENT CO.. 226 La Salle st. Chicago.
FOR sale — A good grocery business; centrally
located in Oakland; etock about $8000; owner
wishes to attend to other interests. For fur-
ther particulars write to box 839, Call offlce,
Oakland.
"WANTED — To invest about $10,000 in com-
pany or partnership owning schooner profit-
ably engaged In coast freighting trade or
about to be built or now building. Box 478S.
Call offlce.
EEND for free book, "Facts and Figures," ex-
plaining option trading. $20 margins, 1000 bu.
wheat 2 cent-. OSBORN GRAIN CO., 17
Chamber of Commerce, Minneapolis.
$1000 CASH, balance same as rent for grocery
and bar: lee* than stock and fixtures; run-
ning 9 years; with 2-story cottage, 6 rooms
and bath; let 23x100; 21st and Douglass Bts.
FOR 'sale — Fine country road house and ho-
tel, near San Francisco; must be sold on ac-
count of sickness. Apply K. MARTIN &
CO.. 84 Flr«t «t
FOR sale — General store, doing good buslnecsj
60 mlleu from San Francisco. See WEIAT-
MAN-PECK. Wholesale Grocers.
OWING to continued ill-health will sell best
paying small coffee house south of Market
st; no agents. 185 Fourth st
PAPER route for sale; best bargain ever of-
fered in Oakland. Box 840. Call, Oakland.
$700— CONFECTIONERY, with factory; best
on Fourth Bt ; sickness of owner cause of
sale; no agents.- 417 Fourth st. '. .
£30C0 — AN established grocery business; whole
or half interest; splendid opportunity. Apply
box 4784. Call office.
$300— HALF interest mfg.: worth $3000; $100
per month guaranteed. Box 4780, Call.
FOR sale — Branch bakery; good location; price
$175. 1020>4 Hyde, opp. power-house.;.-^;
FOR sale — An old and well established grocery
and feed business, on one of the best corners
in Oakland, with stock, fixtures, large lot and
improvements, consisting of two stores,
dwellings, stable, windmill, tank and abund-
ant supply of water. For further particulars
apply to P. J. KENNEDY, 11 Montgomery
rt, San Francisco.
FOR cale — Fine candy store and ice cream par-
lcr; elegantly fitted up; good location: good
reasons for selling. Apply the Hromada Co.,
222 Battery st
$350 BUYS fir6t-class bicycle and repair busl-
ness; good reason for selling:. Address at
once, box 712. Call offlce. - -„ ...* f
FOR SALE — Mocha, Restaurant -1759 ft Mis-
tlcn st
CLASSIFIED advertisement* and subscriptions
received at Call branch offlce, 2200 Fillmore.
LODGING-HOUSES FOR 8ALE. -
100 ROOMS; house for men; Vent $140... $4000
CS rooms; south of Market; rent $100. 2000
24 looms; corner; part cash; bal. easy. 850
11 rooms; good income; rent $20. . . . . 350
21 rooms; water front; rent $40; lease. 6oO
120 rooms; good lease; low rent 6500
C7 rms.; apartments;Western Add.;rent 250
Money loaned at 1 per cent.
Hotels, roadhouses, flats, 6 to 100 rooms.
EITEL & CARROLL. 212 Kearny st.
LODGING-HOUSES, business T chances, real
estate loans; quick sales on any business
you have for sale; if you want to buy a
business, large or nmoll, sea our list MONT-
GOMERY & TILLEY, 105 Telegraph ave.,
Oakland. . ¦
10 ROOMS; McAllister st; complete as apart-
ment-house; carpets and furniture erood; rent
$37 60; bargain this week, $500. Grocery,
700 McAllister et. ¦_ -
SPIRITUALISM.
PROF. Fred P. Evans, noted psychic for slate-
writing and clairvoyance; stamp for circular.
1H2 Eddy st. nr. Octavla; phone Scott 837.
ETHEL CRINDLE— Materializing seance, Sun-
day eve., 60c 328 Ellis St.; 8 o'clock.
EDWARD EARLE. 1052 Ellis, readings dally.
0:30 to 4; seances Sunday and Thursday*.
MRS. ADA FOYE. 336 O'Farrell st. corner
Taylor; sittings dally. 10 to 4.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
MY Regular $3 Readings This Week for
$1 II II II II $1 11
PROFESSOR PAUL DESTINE.
The First Registered Trance Clairvoyant and
Palmist Ever in San Francisco.
I do hereby solemnly agree and guarantee
to make no charge If I fail to tell you your
name, occupation and what you called for;
I promise to tell you whether husband, wife
or sweetheart is true or false; I tell you
whom and when you will marry; in fact. I
will tell you every hope, fear or ambition
better than you can tell yourself; I Improve
your character so that you will reach - the
highest possible development in mental vigor,
health, happiness and capacity to earn
wealth; so you will live happy and contented
the rest of your life. Hours 10 a. m. to 8
p. m.; Sundays. 2 to 8. 320 O'Farrell st. 326.
MMB. M. BERNARD, THE FAMOUS
Clairvoyant and business medium, perma-
nently located at 17 Third St., next Examiner
bldg.; she reads your life correctly, gives an
J accurate description of the past, reveals the
present happenings and portrays events to
occur in the future; if you are in trouble, dis-
contented or not satisfied In life, or have do-
mestic, love or business troubles, consult this
great medium and you will be tol- how to
overcome them; valuable advice in all affairs
of life; 25c up; satisfaction guaranteed; read-
ings by mail. Tel. Black 4569.
ALL secrets, names, dates, changes, Journeya,
love, marriage, divorce, past, future, pros-
pects, speculations, mining, lawsuits, . every-
thing truthfully revealed or $700 forfeited;
lucky charms free; also magnetism, clairvoy-
ant?, mediums developed free. Consult MISS
WARD, great Egyptian princess; fee 50c. no
higher; office or by mall $1: send AVells-
Fargo or P. O. money order; hours 10 to 8.
413 Mason; no sign. '.
IEMAR, the Egyptian gypsy, clairvoyant and
palmlBt, permanently located at 1104 Market
ct, oor. Turk; private readings dally, 10 a.
n_ to 6 p. m. ; readings by mall as satisfac-
tory as in person; 3 questions answered, $1;
full life, $5; send lock of hair, date and year
of birth; don't eend currency. Send postofflce.
Wells-Fargo money order or registered letter.
A— MME. PORTER, scientific clairvoyant and
card reader, born with a double veil and sec-
ond sight; tells the past, present and future;
ladles, 60c; gents, $1; by cards, palmistry
and clairvoyant sitting; $1 50. 126 Turk st
MRS. A. H. Krone^perg, palmist, clairvoyant,
card reader, will give goood reading, 10c, for
short time only: when others fall try me to
convince yourself. 402 Franklin, near Grove.
MISS ZEMDAR. young gifted clalr, and palm.;
has second sight; a wonderful prophetess;
names; L. 50c; G. $1. 714 Franklln.nr.G.Q.av.
MME. LEE, palmistry and clairvoyant; hours
9-5; evenings and Sundays by appointment;
readlnKs 60c 1S06 Market, parlor 61; elev.
JUST arrived: Mme. Davis, greatest magio
card render on coast; born, crowned, veiled.
703 Market, parlors 16-17; 25-6Oc; mail $1.
FREE^ — Fortune told; you want the best; send
birthdate and 2 2-cent stamps. DR. BEST,
144, D. 665. Chicago.
A — Mme. Ravenna reads life, business advice;
names given; 25c up. 6 4th st. near Market
OLDEST lady palmist and card reader in city.
26% Kearny, room 20; ladles 25c, gents 60c
MRS. BROWN, clairvoyant, card reader; ladles
25c, gents 60c; readings dally. 132 Sixth st.
MME. WALTERS, 'great card reader; ladles 25c,
gents 60c. 951 Mirslon st.. nr. 6th; open Sun.
MISS WARD gives names, dates and facts;
hours 10 to 8. 413 Mason st.; no sign.
MME. MA1SEAU, clairvoyant, card reader; la-
dles 25c. gents 60c; hours 1 to 9. 645 Minna.
MRS. SHAFER. clairvoyant card reader; sit-
tings dally. 44SH Jessie st, bet. ( 5th and Cth.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cento— The Weekly Call.
16 pages, in wrapper, for mailing, $1 per year.
CARPETBEATOGA^
AIR, compressed, dry, ice cold, is now univer-
sally used in sanitarily cleaning carpets, on
floor, without removal or injury; prices mod-
erate. Apply S. F. COMPRESSED AIR
CLEANING CO.. Call bid.; phone Main 6237.
WHEN you become disgusted with your work
Bend for BPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
lng Works. 355-367 Tehama at; tel. South 40.
SMITH'S Carpet Cleaning Co.; Al work guar-
anteed. 3c. 1843 15th st; phone Capp 1551.
WESTERN Carpet Cleaning Works. 1809 Har-
rison st; Al cleaning. 3c; tel. Mission 223.
CALIFORNIA Carpet-beating Co., J. McQueen,
proprietor, 329 Guerrero st; tel. Mission 49.
TRY HOPKE BROS.; excellent carpet-beating;
mattresses made over.1432 Howard;South 216.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter st;
tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM - CO.. Props.
RUDOLPH A- CO., carpet-beating works; prices
reasonable. 1703 Harrison st; tel. Mission 263.
CONKLIN'S Superior Carpet-beating Works,
833 Golden Gate ave.: telephone East 126.
DENTISTS.
___KCTRO^D_NTAL CLINIc7^oT^arket »C
cor. Fourth, room 7. Flood building; extrac-
tions done painlessly; teeth without plates
our specialty; gold crowns. $3 60 up; plates
14 60 up, extraction free; office hours, 8
a. m. to 9 p. m ..; Sundays. 9 to 2.
DR. GRUSS. 604-6-6 Callaghan bldg.. Market
and McAllister sts., uses the Basford Obtun-
der, the only device ever Invented for grind-
ing, drilling and excavating teeth absolutely
¦ without pain. For demonstration and proof
call at offlce.
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market. nr.-lereaUi
—No charge for extracting when plates arc
Bade; old plates made over like new; t+«th
from $8 per set; extracting. 60c; gas give-.
A NEW plate — The Whalebone— cannot break;
warranted 20 yrs.; crown. $3 60; fillings, OOo;
plates $5; full •et-.all work palnleas and war-
ranted. Chicago Dental Parlors. 24 Sixth st
PARIS Dental Parlons, 235 Kearny, ccr.Bush—
¦ Set teeth $1 60 up; crowns $2 up; fillings 25o.
GOLD fillings, 75c; silver, 35c; crowns, $2; no
pain: open Sunday. Pr.O.B.Hewl*:t.20l Sutter.
IJJRJESSMAKB^SANDSEAMSTRESSES
Mc^O^TOLLTimE^S^AKlNO
AND MILLINERT SCHOOL.
Leading system of dresscutting. Thorough
business course in millinery. Any pattern cut
to measure. ¦ ' . .
. ' 1019 Market above Sixth et
McDOWELL Drecsmaking and Millinery School
—Any pattern cut to measure. 1019 Market
ACCORDION, sunburst & knife plaiting, btew-
art's button & buttonhole factory, 110 Taylor.
EDUCATIONAL. '
THE Ban Francisco Young Men's Christian
' Association conducts a night school for men,
an engineering school, an evening law school,
a working boys' night school and a day busi-
ness and academic school. Students have
gymnasium and other privileges. Apply at
Y. M C. A. building. Mason and Ellis sts.
SHORTHAND in 30 days; Boyd'a Syllable; no
ruled lines; no shading; nothing to confuse;
only 9 characters; easily read; study by
mall; circulars, testimonials and first lessoa
covering % the course for two 2-cent stamps.
Chicago Correspondence '• Schools, ¦ Incorpo-
¦ rated. 62 National Life Bldg.. Chicago. 111.
MANDOLIN, violin, guitar, piano, singing, el-
ocution, physical culture, English, French,
. Spanish, German, halrdresslng, manicuring,
millinery and dressmaking taught for $1 5o
per month at San Francisco Girls' and
Women's Educational and Industrial Union
749 Bu«h at. . '
FRENCH Kindergarten— Mademoiselle Olga
Segur von Reppert, teacher of French at the
Beaulleu in Berkeley, • will open a select
French kindergarten on Tuesdays, Thursdays
Saturdays, from 9 to 11 a. m., at 1103 Van
Ness ave.. S. F. ; phone Hyde 1846. '
CECILIA' Choral Society concert in preparation-
a few more tenors and bassos required Ap-
ply at POMMER-EILER'S- Music. Store 653
Market A., TUESDAY, 7:15 p. m.; rehearsals
Tuesday evening. • , • ¦ ¦
HEALD'S BIJSINESS COLLEGE, 24 Post S.
F. — Bookkeeping, ' shorthand, touch typing,
languages, telegraphy, English -branches;
day and night sessions; illus. catalogue free.
DANCING Tuesday, Thursday, . Saturday and
Sunday evenings at Teutonia Hall. - Howard
st, near Ninth; management Prof. Foster. -
BPANISH.French. etc. Prof.DeFllippe's Academy
of L_nguages,3_0 Post ;ea tab' d 1371; ablest prof a.Time Ball.
Branrb Kvdroeranbic Office. U. S. N.. Mer-
The Pacific Mail Company's steamship , San
Jose sailed yesterday for Panama and way
ports with passengers and a large cargo, which
included a heavy shipment of California wina.
Sails for Panama.
The British ship Flfeshlre was added yes
terday to the overdue list. She is out 71 days
from Manila for New Caledonia and is quoted
at 15 per cent. The rate on the St. Mungo
was advanced to 40 per cent and the Crown of
Scotland is now quoted at 15 per cent.-
The Overdue List.
TO ARRIVE.
Steamer. From. Due.
S. Barbara... San Pedro Oct. 18
Centralla Grays Harbor Oct. 18'
Marlposa Tahiti Oct. IS
Del Xorte.... Crescent City Oct. 19
IsIs Seattle Oct. 1!)
Arctic Humboldt Oct. 19
Uedondo San Pedro Oct. 19
Arcata Coos Bay Sc. Port Orford Oct.' 19
North Fork... Humboldt Oct. ltt
State of Cal... San Diego & Way Ports Oct. IS)
Umatllla Puget Sound Ports Oct. in
Sierra Sydney & Way Ports.. Oct. 19
Corona Humboldt Oct. 20
American New York Oct. 20
S. Portland... Portland & Astoria lOct. 20
Coptic China & Japan (Oct. 21
Eureka Humboldt [Oct. 2t
Coos Bay San Pedro * Way Ports Oct. 21
Acapulco New York via Panama. Oct. 21
Ramses Hambwg & Way Ports. Oct. 21
J. Dollar Seattle & Tacoma Oct. 21
SanPtdro.... Humboldt Oct. 22
Q. Ltndauer. . Grays Harbor Oct. 22
Santa Rosa... g an Diego & Way Ports Oct. 2_
Point Arena. . Mendocino & Pt. Arena. Oct. 22
G. W. Elder.. Portland St. Astoria Oct. 22
Pomona < Humboldt Oct. 23
Queen Puget Sound Ports Oct. 24
Nlcarla Hamburg & Way Porte. Oct. 24
Rival Willapa Harbor Oct. 24
Bonita Newport &^Way Ports. Oct. 25
Columbia Portland & Astoria Oct. 27
Alliance7..... Portland & Way Ports. Oct. 27
Curacao. Mexican Ports Oct. -7
Peru New York via Panama. Oct. 2H
Centennial Seattle & Tacoma Oct. 28
qty Puebla. ..' Pugfet Sound Ports_..... Oct. 2U
~ ' TO SAIL.
Steamer* Destination. Sails. Pier.
~~~ October 18.
Coronado... Grays Harbor. ..... 4 pm Pier 10
S.Monica.. Los Angeles Ports. 9 am Pier 2
Chlco Coqullle River 6 pm Pier 2
Iaqua Humboldt 11 am Pier 2
Ean Pedro.. Humboldt 4 pm Pier 2
F Leggett. Humboldt .10 am Pier 10
Phoenix.... Mendocino City.... 1 pm Pier 13
Santa Rosa. San Diego Way Pts 9 am Pier 11
City Puebla Puget Sound Ports. 11 am Pier S
Centennial.. Seattle & Tacoma. 3 pm Pier 2
October 10.
S Barbara. BeatUe^ O^ympla. 4 pm Pier 2
|S|g H tfcH ..l:30p»e: 9
Callfornian. New York direct Pier 23
Bonita Newport& Way Pts 9 am Pier 11
Ilarda"".. Hambun_.Way Pts. 2 pm Pier VJ
Rainier' Seattle 4T Whatcom 4 pm Pier 10
Columbia... Astoria & Portland 11 am Pier 24
Ostober 21.
Czarina.... Coos Bay direct... 6 pm Pier 8
Eureka Humboldt 4 pm Pier 13
,,' t , Coos B. &. Pt.Orford 10 am Pier 13
ArcaU October 22.
c ftn Pedro . lA>a Angeles Ports. 4 pm Pier 2
Corona 7 Humboldt 1:30 p Pier a
A?rtlc . Humboldt 4 pm Pier 10
State of Cal Ran Diego & Way, 9 am Pier 11
N Fork . Humboldt 6 pm Pier 2
S/ Portland. *¦$'£,£ J*"^- 6 pm Pler 2
isls ... Humboldt Way Pts 2 pmlPler 10
Siberia "... China & Japan 1 1 pm|Pier 4u
Umatilla... Pu*e* 8ound *%?*¦ u «> Pier »
October Z4.
8 Monica. . Los Angeles Ports. 10 am Pier 2
Pt. Arena . Point Arena 4 pm Pier 2
Coos Bay .. Ban Pedro & Way. 9 am Pier 11
Centralla.. Grays Harbor I 4 pmlPler 10
Barracouta. N. Y. via Panama.]12 m Pier 40
October 25. |
G W Elder Astoria & Portland. |11 am|Pier 24
' October 2O. | «! |
J Dollar... Seattle & Tacoma. 10 am Pier 2
Marlpoea. . . Tahiti . . . 11 am Pier 7
October '£7.
Nevadan. . . Honolulu 8 pm Pier 20
Rtval Willapa Harbor .. 4 pm Pier 2
October 28.
Queen Puget Bound Ports. 11 am Pier 9
FROM SEATTLE. . ,
Steamer. ¦Tor. Sails.
Farallon...... Skagway & W r ay Ports.. Oct. 20
City Seattle... Skagway & Way Ports.. Oct. 20
Humboldt.... Bkagway & Way Ports. Oct. 21
Nome City.... Cooks Inlet & Way Ports Oct. 22
Cottage City.. Skagway & Way Ports. Oct. 28
City tfopeka . . Bkagway & Way Ports. Oct. 23
Bun, Moon and Tide.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey-
Time and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE — The high and low. waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf), about 25
minutes later than at Fort Point; the height
of tide is the same at both places.
i SUNDAY. OCTOBER 18.
Sun rises 6:21
Sun sets 5:28
Moon riaeg 3:58 a. m.
O ITlmel ' Tlmel Time ¦ JTtmel
2. I 1 Ft. Ft. — --- Vt. I -—I FC
? |L W| |H W L W |H W|
IT 2:20 0.8 9:00 6.5 2:57 1.3 0:161 oTl
18 3-09 -0.9 9:41 5.6 3:45 0.8 10:151 6.2
19 3:61 1.2 10:20 5.8 4:30 0.4 11:10 B.3
20 4:34 1.4 10:57 6.9 6:11 0.0 1
H W . . L W H W L W
21 0:05 5.2 5:13 1.8 11:35 6.8 5:57| — 0.2
22 0:57 5.1 5:64 2.1 12:12 5.7 6:421—0.2
23 1:47 5.0 6:36,2.5 12:50 5.6 7;3O|— 0.1
NOTES — In , the above , exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given in the left
hand column and the successive tides ¦ of lha
day in the order of occurrence as to time; the
fourth time column gives the last tides of tho
day, except when there are but three tides, as
sometimes » occurs. The heights given are In
addition to the soundings of the United States
Coast Survey charts, except when a minus ( — )
sign precedes the height, , and then the number
given- is subtracted from the depth given by
the charts. The plane of reference is tho mean
of the lower low waters. .
ASKS LEAVE OF COURT
TO DRAW UPON ESTATE
Marie Knauer Petitions for Partial
Distribution of Husband's *
Wealth.
Marie Knauer, widow of the late Ferd
inand Knauer, a wealthy German, and
who has been accused by a number of
Knauer's relatives of being an adventur
ess with a world-wide reputation. Is very
anxious for legal permission to handle
part of the $55,000 estate bequeathed to her
by Knauer In his will. Yesterday she pe
titioned the Superior Court for the distri
bution to her of $10,000 of the money,
which Bhe, as executrix of the will, has
on hand. She says the estate is free from
debt and the distribution of the sum she
asks for will not in any way affect the
estate.
She says that the estate consists of se
curities of th» value of $55,213 34. Of this
sum she has In her possession $27,667 48,
the balance being as yet uncollected.
London la the birthplace of the Young
Men's Christian ' Association, and al
though it celebrated some eight years
ago its semi-centennial it has not become
languid.
The British bark Hawthornbank, bound from
Antwerp for San Pedro, la having more than
one ship's share of ill-luck. In collision short
ly after leaving the German port, she yester
day put Into Gravesend with her stem badly
damaged, as the result of another collision ofT
Dover. In this second mix-up she sustained
serious Injury and is reported to be making
considerable water In the fore peak.
Again in Collision.
The bark St. Katherlne sailed yesterday for
Hllo with an assorted cargo, valued at $51,641,
and Including the following:
608 bbln flour, 449 cs canned goods, 141 ctls
wheat, 7523 lbs beans. 13R2 bales hay. 100 ctls
oats. 46,010 lbs middlings. 121.791 lbs bran
3CT.0 ctls barley, 3020 lbs lard, 0202 lbs bread
10.750 lbs salt, 113 pkgs groceries and provisl
Ions, 10 bxs candles, 31 tins matches, 1215 gals
vinegar, 250 lbs butter, 4 cs table preparations
10.110 lbs bone meal, 1,000.000 lbs fertilizer'
50 cs 10 hfilf-bbls salmon, /WKH3 pals 42 ca
wine, 1500 lbs millstuffs. 30 ctls corn, 2000 lbs
codfish. 105 pkgs potatoes. 15 pkgs onions 55
pkgs paste, 433 lbs shrimps, 30.000 lbs rice !
10.265 lbs sugar. 50 cs powder. 212 lbs dried i
fruit, 25 bxs fresh fruit. 14 bxs raisins 310
kegs white lead, 20 pkgs paints and oils 70
cs soap. 14 pkgs dry goods, 19 pkgs agricul
tural Implements, 111 bdls steel and Iron 43
pkgs wagon material, 550 cs coal oil, 7 foils'
fenther. 60 bbln lime. 50 cs powder. 3 cs cans
2 bdls twine. 25 mules, 31 bdls paper, 22 vkne
hardwood. 6 bdls brooms. 2 cs afc Ids.
620 bbls flour, 0239 ctls barley, 235 ctle wheat
71 ctls corn, 2251 lbs 10 cs meals, 162,402 lbs
bran, 47,087 lbs middlings, 4202 bales hay, 412
ctls oats, 7440 gals wine, 75 pkgs beer. 395 cs
C3 bbls salmon, 0937 lbs 44 cs tobacco, 1,257,
990 lbs fertilizer, 433 pkgs groceries and pro
visions, 775 cs canned goods, M60 lbs lard,
727 lbs dried fruit, 0 es whisky. 398 lbs nuts,
211 pkgs potatoes. 71 pkgs onions, 45 pkgs
fresh vegetables, 681 pkgs fresh fruits, 40 pkgs
paste, 10.400 lbs salt. 20O4 lbs ham and bacon,
797 lbs tea, 2429 lbs 12 cs bread, 6323 lbs
beans, 72.500 lbs rice. 6228 lbs sugar, 1169 lbs
dried fish. 3570 lbs codfish. 10 cs eggs. 1903
lbs cheese, 1438 lbs butter, 735 gals vinegar,
56 pkgs paints and oils, 28 pkgs saddlery, 6
cts sewing machines, 155 bxs soap, 33 cs boots
and shoes, 73 pkgs dry goods, 21 pkgs electri
cal supplies, 92 pkgs plumbing material. 44,109
ft lumber. 1 pkg machinery, 12 bdls leather,
67 cs matches, 625 cs coat oil, 42 pkgs drugs
and sundries, 12 pkgs car material, 21 coils
rope, 4 tanks acids, 55 cs powder, 43 pkgs agri
cultural implements. 4 cs rubber goods, IS bdls
steel. Cl bars 4 bdls iron. 6 bbls cement, 4
kegs nails, 175 rolls building paper.
The bark Rhoderlck Dhu was cleared yester
day for Hilo with an assorted merchandise
cargo valued at $S7,5i)0. The leading ship
ments were as follows:
Two Cargoes for Hilo.
To Central America — 3flCS bbls flour. 1100 lbs
dried fruit, 1365 gals 28 cs wine, 25 pkgg fresh
fruit, 13 pkgs beers, 381 lbs ham. 3S cs canned
(roods, 33 pKgs groceries and provisions, 802
lbs spices. 224 cts potatoes, 20 cts onions, 2 cs
brandy, 217 lbs beans, 116 gals 176 cs whisky,
Cll lbs raisins, 3 cs liquors, 2 cs bread, 12,100
lbs rice. UX) lbs meals. 68 pkgs dry goods, 147
cs coal oil, 02.153 ft lumber. 40 bdls shingles.
6 cs nails, 1 engine, 20 pes mining machinery,
157 pos steel rails, 8 bbla tar. 1534 gals cocoa
nut oil. 49 pkgs paints and oils. 086 lbs grease,
34 bars 1 bdl iron, 9 pkgs tank material, ft pkgs
sewing machines. 1 pkg leather. 60,772 lbs
tallow, 100 reels barbed wire, 25 kegs blasting
powder.
To Colombia — 310 bbls flour.
To New York— 101,459 gals wine. 133 gals
brandy, SCO cs salmon, 32,716 lbs beans, 16,130
lbs dry hides, lf>21 pigs lead, 18 bdls Junk.
To Ecuador — 100 bbls flour and 20 cs salmon.
To Germany — 50 gals wine.
To Belgium — 22,500 lbs dried prunes.
To Mexico — 18,800 lbs rice, 4S00 lbs raisins.
10 cs mineral water, 37 cs paints, (i pkgs min
lnc machinery. 1 cs arms and ammunition, 14
pes steel, 3 ci shoes, 145 pkgs car material, 132
pes pipe, 5 cs pipe fittings. 11 kegs nails,
;10,000 lbs eulphate of copper, S pkgs building
material. 10 bdls iron.
The steamer San Jose nailed yesterday for
Panama and way ports with a general merchan
dise cargo, ¦ valued at f 91. 129 and distributed
as follows: For Mexico, $4384; Central Ameri
ca. S3S.157; Colombia, $1207; New York.
M«.O16; Ecuador, J010; Germany. $405; Bel
gium, $400. The leading exports were as fol
lows :
Matters of Interest to Mariners and
Shipping Merchants.
NEWS OF THE OCEANf
Will Try to Save Anchors.
An attempt will be made this week to re
cover the heavy anchors used in the efforts
to drag the ill-fated British ship Gifford from
her sandy grave. As far as the Gifford Is con
cerned ehe may never be offered for sale. It
being extremely doubtful whether what is left
of the gallant vessel would bring a price large
enough to pay the auctioneer's fee.
Movements of Steamers.
The schooner Gem, which arrived Friday
night from Coqullle River, while sailing up
the harbor In a light breeze, was carried by
the tide across the bow of the United States
cruiser Boston. Uncle Yarn's vessel lost a
little paint, but the Gem's bowsprit was car
ried away and her stem badly dinged.
Collided With the Boston.
Professor H. Berger, Honolulu's famous
bandmaster, returned on the Alameda.
The passengers Included the following
named:
« J. M. Fuller, Peter Glbb. Mrs. Glbb, W. M!
Giffard. H. B. Giffard, Miss Glffard, Geoffrey
B. Grubb, Reginald C. Grubb, JP. Jones, Miss
Hones. Mrs. William Horner, Miss Edna M.
Horner, John Hunter, Mrs. D. G. Mackay, E.
H. Parrish. T. B. Patterson, Mrs. w. J. Rob
inson and infant. William E. Rothery, 8.
Bchweitzer, C. D. Sherman, F. a Shoup, Cap
tain T. G Taylor, Miss G. Taylor, Miss L.
Taylor, Mrs. S. Well. C. B. Wells, Mrs. C. L.
Wight, Miss N. B. Winston, Mrs. M. Wood
ward, J B. Wright, Mrs. Wright Miss E. F.
Allen. W. M. Arthur. Prof escor H. Berger. W.
J. Black. H. B. Blanding, G. M. Boyd. G. E.
Bryant, Mrs. Bryant, H. R. Bryant. Mrs. M.
Carlisle, J. C. Cohn, Mrs. Cohn, A. M. Davis,
Mrs. J. Efttnger, two children and maid, W.
S. Fraser.
A large crowd thronged tha Oceanic
dock yesterday to witness the sailing of
the steamship Alameda, whose decks were
crowded with ' passengers for Honolulu.
The fos: which during the early morn
ing had blanketed the bay most accom
modatingly took Its flight sunward a'llttle
while before 11 o'clock and Captain Dow
dell was able to make a good departure
and the Alameda passed out of the har
bor In the bright sunshine.
The popular liner carried a large num
ber of passengers, among them many so
cially prominent here and in Territorial
society. It was a smart throng that
crowded the wharf and waved and shout
ed good-bys as the Alameda moved mio
the stream.
Fog Lifcs Before She Leaves
and the Liner Gets a
Good Start.
Carries Many Prominent
People Among Her
Passengers.
Saturday, October 17.
Stmr Pomona, Swanson, 18 hours from Eu
reka. - *
Stmr Eureka, Jessen, 24 hours from Eureka.
Btmr Cella, Nordberg, 9 hours from Pigeon
Point.
Stmr Iaqua, Bonlfleld, 37 hours from San
Pedro.
Stmr Gualala, Johnson, 12 hours from
Bowens Landing. - ¦
Stmr Columbia, Doran, 00% hours from
Portland, via Astoria 51 Vi hours. i
Stmr Argo, Dunham, 25 hours from Eel
River.
Stmr Santa Crus. Glelow, 12 hours from
Moss Landing.
Stmr ¦ Whlttler. Maedonald. 53 hours from
Portland.
Stmr San Mateo. Ross, 4 days 8 hours from
Tacoma. . .- .
Stmr Czarina, Johnson, 45 hours from Coos
Bay. . .
Br ship Clan Graham, Mclntyre. 164 days
from Hamburg.
\ CLEARED.
Saturday, October 17.
Stmr City of Puebla, Jepsen, Victoria, eto;
Pacific Coast Steamship Co. • .
Stmr San Jose. Brown, . Panama; Pacific
Mall Steamship Co." : ¦"¦•'¦ — -*
Stmr Alameda. Dowdtll,- Honolulu: J D
Spreckels & Bros , Co.
Stmr Centennial. Gllleaple. Seattle: E T
Kruse.
Bark Roderick Dhu. Engalls, Hllo; J D
Spreckels & Bros Co.
SAILED.
Saturday. October 17.
Stmr Alameda. Dowdell. Honolulu.
Stmr Ruth, Reed, Westport.
.Stmr Chehalls, Frantzon, Grays Harbor.
Stmr Aureila, Peterson, Monterey.
. Stmr Eureka, Jessen, Eureka.
Stmr National City, Hammar, Fort Bragg.
Stmr Greenwood, Johnson. Albion.
Stmr Point Arena, Miller. Mendocino.
Stmr Montara, Rellly, Seattle.
Stmr San Jose, Brown, Panama and way.
ports.
Stmr South Coast, Olsen, Caspar.
Bark Alden Besse, Kessel. Honolulu.
Bark St Katherlne. Saunders. Hllo.
Schr SDOkane, Jamieson. Port Gamble.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LO BOS, Oct 17, 10 pm— Weather
foggy; wind SW, velocity 8 miles per hour.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
UNION LANDING— Arrived Oct 17— Stmr
Noyo, hence Oct 16. v •
PORT HADLOCK — Sailed Oct 17— Schr C i
Kennedy, for . I
UMPQUA— Salted . Oct 16— Scbrs Caroline
and Sadie, for San Pedro.
TATOOSH— Passed In Oct 17— Schr Mawee
ma, from San Diego, for Whateom.
Paused. in Oct 17— Schr Oliver J Olsen. , from
San Pedro, for Everett.
FAIRHAVEN— Arrived Oct 17— Br stmr
Arab, hence Oct 12. '
SEATTLE — Sailed Oct IB — Btmrs Valencia
and Dolphin, for Skagway.
Arrived Oct 17 — Stmr Edith, hence Oct 13.
POINT REYE8— Passed Oct 17. 5 miles E—
Btmr San Gabriel, from San Pedro, for Ump
qua River. y
BANDON, Or— Sailed Oct 17— Schr Lizzie
Prien, for San Francisco.
PORT LOS ANGELES— Sailed Oct 17— Ger
bark Professor, for Portland. Or.
GRAYS HARBOR — Arrived Oct 18— Stmr G
C Ltndauer, hence Oct 12.
Sailed Oct 17— Schr Roy Somers. for San
Francisco; schr Sailor Boy, for 8an Francisco.
SOUTH BEND— Arrived Oct 17— Stmr Rival,
hence Oct 14.
EUREKA— Arrived Oct 17— Stmrs Alliance
and Arctic, hence Oct 15; stmr Corona, hence
Oct 16.
Sailed Oct 17 — Schr Esther Buhne. for Re
dondo: schr Mary Buhne, for San Francisco.
SAN DIEGO— Sailed Oct 17— Br ship Scot
tish Moors, for Seattle. . ¦
FORT BRAGG— Sailed Oct 17— Stmr Bruns
wick, for San Francisco.-.
HARDY CREEK — Sailed Oct 17— Stmr
Marshfleld. for San Francisco.
ASTORIA— Arrived Oct 17— Stmr George W
Elder, hence Oct 15.
ISLAND PORT. ¦
HONOLULU— Sailed Oct 17— Bktn Echo, for
Columbia River.
EASTERN PORT. '
DELAWARE BREAKWATER— Sailed Oct
10 — Br bark Dendraeth Castle, for New York.
FOREIGN PORTS.
SANTA ROSALIA— Arrived Sept 28— Br ship
OFborne, from Barry.
TALTAL— In port Sent 7— Ger ship Wilhel
mine, for Port Townsend.
GUATEMALA— galled Oct V1&— G«r atmr
Ramses, for Ban Francisco. "V ¦•'¦>.•* :?--
SWANSEA— In port Sept 17-^Ital ship Cate
rlna Acc»me, J for San • Francisco. ".", ' .
MELBOURNE— Sailed Aue' 28^-Fr barx
Jollette. far Astoria.
MAZATLAN— Sailed Oct 16 — Stmr Acapulco,
for San Francisco.
HONGKONG— Arrived prior to Oct 17— Br
Stmr Lowther Castle, from Manila. •
ANTWERP— Sailed Oct 15— Fr shlpLaennee,
for Port Los Angeles. • .
COLOMBO— Sailed Oct ,11— Br stmr Terre
bla, for New York.
HAMBURG — Arrived Oct 14 — Ger bark Se
lene, from Port Blakeley.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
LIVERPOOL— Sailed Oct 17— Stmr Cartha
genla, from Glasgow, for St Johns, N F, and
Philadelphia; utmr Lucania, for New York.
Arrived Oct 17 — Stmr Cevlc, from New York.
LIZARD— Passed . Oct 17 — Stmr Friederich
der Grosse. from New York, for Plymouth,
Cherbourg and Bremen.
QUEENSTOWN — Sailed Oct 17 — Stmr Ara
bic, "from Liverpool, for New York.
ANTWERP— Sailed Oct 17— Stmr Zeeland.
for New York.
HAVRE— Sailed Oct 17— Stmr La Lorraine,
for New York.
NEW YORK — Arrived Oct 17 — Stmr St
LouiB, from Southampton; stmr TJmbria, from
Liverpool.
Sailed Oct 17 — Stmr La Gascogne, for Havre;
stmr Vaderland. for Antwerp; stmr Mlnne
tonka, for London; stmr Phoenicia, for Ham
burg; stmr Campania, for Liverpool; stmr Co
lumbia, for Glasgow.
, CHERBOURG— Arrived Oct 17— Stmr Fried
erich der Groese, from New York, for Bremen,
and proceeded.
Sailed Oct 17 — Stmr New York, from South
ampton, for New York.
Shipping; Intelligence.
ARRIVED.
ALAMEDA SAILS
FOR HONOLULU
" ¦ chants' Exchange. San ' Francisco, Cal.,
. October 17,' 1903.
I The Time Ball on the tower of the Ferry
building was dropped exactly at noon to-day —
1.- e.. at noon of the 120th meridian, or at S
p. m.. Greenwich time.
J. C. BURNETT.
Lieutenant. U. S. N.. in charge.
THE SAN FEANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY. OCTOBER 18, 1903.
43
OCEAN TBAVEL.
TOYO KISEN KAISHA.
(ORIENTAL 1 STBAMSHIP CO.)
Steamers will leave wharf, corner First and
Drannnn streets, at 1 p. m., for YOKOHAMA
and HONGKONG, calling at Kobe (Hiogo).
Nagasaki and Shanghai, and ' connecting at
Hongkong with stisuners for India, etc. No
cargo received on board on day of sailing.
8. S. AMERICA MARU.,
Tuesday, November 10, 1003
S. S. HONGKONG MARU
Thursday, December 3, 1903
8. S. NIPPON MARU (Calling at Manila)
Wednesday, December 30. 1903
Via Honolulu.' Round-trip tickets at reduced
rates. *For freight and passage apply at Com-
pany's office, 421 Market street, ¦ corner First.
W. H. AVERT, General Agent.
S S MARIPOSA. for Tahiti. Oct. 26, 11 a. m.
SS. SIERRA, for Honolulu, Samoa, Auck-
'land and Sydney. Thursday, Oct. 29, 2 p. m.
S S ALAMEDA, for Honolulu, Nov. 7, 11 a. m.
illPIEnEU-BWl.tt^i^.TICaitOfflea.llSEarwa
rrtfifctlfflca.-SI BarkittUfiarlt. I.fadthll
COMPAQHIE SEHZEALS TBAKSATLANTIQUE.
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS. ''_»___,
Sailing every Thursday Instead of<E\myA
Saturday, at 10 a." m.. from Pier 42. **'JfciE«
North River, foot of Morton street.' ¦
First-class to Havre, 970 and upward. Sec-
ond-class to Havre, $45 and upward. GEN-
ERAL AGENCT FOR UNITED STATES AND
CANADA. 32 Broadway (Hudson Building),
New York. J. F. FUGAZI & CO.. Pacific Coast
Agents, 5 Montgomery avenue, San Francisco.
Tickets sold by all Railroad Ticket Agents.
SOUTHERN PACIFIC
Trains le— v« »iul sri> tint* t» hitiv* nt
SAX Fit AN CIsCU.
(Main Llae. r'uot of Market atreet >
L»«T« — FkoM Octiiiih IS. 1:i(W. ¦— ikbiti
7.00a Beiilcla. Silsuu. k.!:i:ir:i ai:U 5«tri»-
menti 7-25r
7.00a Y«cst1I1c. W Inters Uuniner 7.25F
7.30a M*rtlnez. San Unmon. Vallrjo,
Kapa. Caltstog^, Santa Kusa 6 25r
7-30a Jflles. Llrericore. Latlirop. Stocic-
ton ZHp
8. 00* DstIs. Woodland. Knlsht* Landing.
Marjrftvllle. Oroville 7-5Se
800* Atlantic Kxpres»—OBtlfn snd K»«. 1025*
8.00* Port Oita. Martlnea. Autloclu »y-
ron.TrBcy.Stocitimj.SHc.rainento.
Los Banos. Memiota. liaoturd.
Vlnalla. PortrrTllle 4.25?
8.00a Port Costa. Martinez. Tracy. Latb-
• rop, Modesto. Merced, Fresno.
- * Ooshen Junction, tlaaford. VI-
s»Ma. nakenfleld 5.25'
8.30a Shasta Express — Davis. Wt'.ltami
(for Bartlett Springs). Willow*.
tFrnto. Ueu Bind, Portland 7-65*
8.30* Klles. Saa .lose. Livennore. Sloclc-
too,lone,8acramento.PUcervllle.
Marysvllle. Chlco. Ued Blnff 4.2Sf
8.30a OalCiUlc. Chinese. Jamestown. So
nor*. Tuolumne and Anjols 4-25p
900* Martlnea and Way Stations S55p
10.00a Vallejo 12.25*
10-00* El P*.*o PanseoKer. E—stbonnd.—
Fort Costa. Martinez, Byron, N
Tracy. Lathrop, Stockton.
Merced. i:«rmond. Fresno, Ilan-
, ford. Vlkalla. Ba^ersaeld. Los
Angeles ami Kl Paso. (West-
hound arrives TinCoant I.!:i>*>... «1.£0r
; 10.00a The Orerland LI— ilted — osden.
Denier, Omaha. Cbluago 8 25r
12.00v Hayward. Nlles and Way Sutions. 3-25r
tl.OOr 6acramentoUlver Steamers. tii.OOr
5 30r Bentcla. Winter*. Sacramento. - .
Woodland. Kafghts Landing,
MarysTll'.e. OroTllle sad way
stations 10-5Sa
8 SOr Hayward, Slln and W»t Stations.. 765p
4. OOp Marttnra.San IUmon,VaIleJo.Napa,
Callstoga. Santn H<>»a. '-25*
4-OOr Martinez. Tracy.Lathrop.Stoclctoa 10 25*
4 OOp Slles. Llrennore. Stuckton. Lodl.. 425p
430p Harward. NIIim. Irvtngt-jn. San I t3.55*
Jose. LtTermore f til. 65a
B OOp Tne Owl Limited— Fresno. Tnlare.
Bakersdeld, Los Angeles 8.55a
f .00p Port Costa, Tracy. Stockton, Los
Banos 12-25*
tB 30p Hayward. Nlles and San Jose 7. 25*
6-OOp Hsywsrd. Nlles and San Jo«e 10.254
600? Oriental M»ll— Opden, Denver,
Omaha, 8c Louis. Chicago and
East. Port Costa. Beoicia, Sal-
son. Elmlra, Davis, Sacramento,
Rock 1 In. Auburn. Col fax,
Truckee. Boca. Reno. Wads-
worth, W Inn em sees, Battls
Mountain. Elko 4 23p
6.00* Vallejo, dally, except Sunday I 7kk»
7-00* Vallejo, Snaday only f iO9r
7-OOp San Pablo, Port Costa, Martlne*
and Way Stations. 11. 25a
8-OBp Oregon A California Express— Sac-
ramento, SfarysTllle, Redding,
Portland, Pogat Sound and East. 8-55 a
8.10? Hayward, Klles and Saa Jose (Sun-
dayonly) 11-55 a
11.25p Port Costa, Traey. Lathrop. Mo-
desto, Merced. Raymond (to To-
semlte), Fresno, Uaaford, VI-
•alla, Bakrrsfleld 1225»
COAST LINE (1arr»w IJan<«).
m (Foot of Market Street.)
8.15a Newark. CenterrUle. San Jose.
Frlton. Bonlaer Creek, Santa
Cras and Way SUtlons 5-53P
t2.16p Newark. CenterTtlle. Saa Jose.
New Almadea.Los Gatos. Felton,
Boolder CrMk, Santa Cms sad
Principal Way Stations 10-S5a
4-16r Newark. San Jose, I,Q| Oatos and
way stations .". t3-554
ttB 30r Hnnters Train. Saturday only. Saa
Jose and Way Stations. Sunday
only return* from Los Gatos .... J7 25p
OAKLAND' HARBOR FERRY.
From BAN r'HANCISCO. Foot or Market Bt. (Sllj>J>
-t7:I5 9:(x) 11:00 aJI. 100 300 515r.il.
From OAKLAND, Foot of Broadway — H:W *3:09
t8:(O 10:00 a.m. 12 CO 200 4 00 p.m.
COAST LINE (Broad Us***).
tW (Third and fn~n»end Streets.) _ __
6.10a San Jose and Way Stations. 8 30»
7 00a Saa Jose and Way Stations 5 33p
800a New Almadrn (Tues.. Frld.. only), 4. 10?
8 00* Coast Llae Limited— Stopt only San
Jose, Gilroy (connection for Hol-
llster), Pajaro. CastroTllIe. Sa-
linas. San Ardo. Paso Kohle*.
Santa Margarita, San Luis Oblspo.
Principal stations thence Surf
(connection for Lompoc) princi-
pal stations thence Santa Bar-
bara and Los AnReles. Connec-
tion at CastroTlUe to and from
Monterey and Pacific Grore 10.439
9.00a 6ita Jose. Tres Pinot, Capitols,
S»n tafrni. Pacific OrOTe,S:iltna.«,
San Luis Obispo and Principal
Way Station* 4.10f
1050a Ban Jose and Way Stations... 1.20*
11-20* Santa Clara, ban Jose. Los Gatos
and Way Stations 7.30p
130r Ean Jo»e and Way Stations 8-384
3.C0F Pacific Gn>T<! Express— SantaCTara
Ban Jot«, Del Monte. Montf rey,
Pacific Grore (connects at Santa
Clara for Santa Cruz. Boalder
Creek and Narrow Oauge Points)
at Gilroy fur Holllster. Tres
Ptnos. at Castr/TrlHe for Sallnaa. 12.15*>
JJ0» Gilroy Way Passesger 510 45a
t4 4o> San Jose, (via Saata Clara) Loa
Gatos, and Principal Way Sta-
tions (exeept Saaday) t9-23A
;630r SanJoseandPrlncipalWarStattoni 18. 00a
B.COi* Sunset Limited. Easthound.— Saa
Lnl» Oblspo. Santa Barbara, Loa
Angelra, I>emtng. El Paso. New
Orleans, New Tork. (Westbound
lrrlTt-trU Hun Joaqnln Valley 1 .. t«8.25A
•S.lEr Ean Mateo,Beresford,Belniont,Saa
Carlos, Redwood, Fair Oaks,
Menlo Park. Palo Alto tiMSr
fjfir San Jote and Way Stations. §33a
11 .SOp South 9an Francisco. Mlllbrae. Bnr-
Ilngame. San Mateo. Brlmont,
Saa Carlos. Redwood. Fair Oaks, tfl 45a
Menlo Park, and P«lo Alto 9-4&P
>11-30r Mayfleld. Mountain View. Snnny-
rale. Lawreace, Santa Clara and
Pan Jose KM3p
A for Morning. P for Afternoon.
J Sunday only
I Stops at all nations on Sunday.
t Sunday excepted. a Saturday only.
fV la Coast Line. irTU Sao Joaqola Valley.
tVOnly trains ttopptno; at Valencia St. soatbtM>nn4
«re»:I0A.M. fTrls»#,p .M-.<"> • w a-.fi p m »nd 6:30 P.M.
CALIFORNU NORTHWESTERN RY. CO.
y T.-E2S3SHD
SAN FRANCISCO ANO NORTH PACIFIC
SAILWAT COM7J-VT. . t
Tlbnxon Terry, root of Maxist S treat.
SAjf rsAircxsco to sah batael.
WEEK DATS— 7:30. 0:00. 11:00 a. m.; 13:33.
3:30. 8:10. 6:30 p. m. Thursdays — Extra trl»
at 11:30 p. m.
Saturdays— Kxtra trip at 1:30 and 11:30 0. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:00. 9:30. 11:00 a. m.: 1:30. 3:30.
6:0O 6:2a 11:30 p. m.
bait ____»__exi to saw paAjrenaco.
WEEK DATS— 6:06. 7:35, 7:30, 9:20. 11: IS
a. m.: 12:50. 3:40. S:00. S:20 p. m.
Satursftiys — Extra trip at 2:06 and 8:33 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:00. 8:40, 11:13 a. m.; 1:40, 3:40.
4:63. 5:08. 6:23 p. ro.
Leave I In Effect I Antr*
San Francisco. I Sept. 27. IOCS. |3an Francisco.
Week I Sun- I Destlna- 1 Sun- I Wee-
Days. I days. I tloa. . f days, f Days.
7:30 a 8:00 a 9:10 a 8:40 a
P:30a Ifnaelo. 10:40 a 10:20 a
8:30 p 8:30 p 8:05 p 6:20 9
8:10 p 8:00 p T:33p
7:80a 9:10a 8:40a
8:00 a Normto. 10:4Oal0:20a
8:80 r 9:30 a Petaluma 6:03 p 6:20 9
8:10 p 3:30 p and 7:33 p
0:00 p Santa Reata.
7:30 a 110:40 a 10:20 •
8:00 a Fulton. 7:33 p 6:20 9
8:30 p 3:30 p
Windsor.
7:30 a 8:00 a Healdsbur?. 10:40 a 10:20 a
Lytton.
3:30 p 3:30 p Geystervtlls. 7:33 p 6:20 9
Cloverdale.
7:30 a! 8:00 al Hopland 110:40 a!10:29 »
3:30 a| 3:30 p| and Ukiah. I 7:33 p| 6:20 P
7:30 a| 8:00 a| W1111U. [ 7:35 p| 6:20-
7:30 a! 8:00 af 110:40 a(10:20 a
3:30 pi 3:30 p| Guernevllle. | 7:35 p| 6:20 p ,
7:30 al 8:00a! Sonoma. } 9:10 al 8:40*
8:10 p| 8:00 Pi Glen Ellen. | 6:03 p| 6:20 p
7:80 al 8:00 a! 110:40 a'.10:20 •
3:30 p| 8:30 p| Sebastopol. I 7:35 p| 6:20 P
STAGES connect at Green Brae for Saa
Quentln; at Santa Rosa for White Sulphur
Springs; at Fulton for Altruria and Mark West
Springs; at Lytton for Lytton Springs: at Gey-
serville tor Ekaargs Springs; at Clorerdale for
the Geysers. Booneville and Greenwood; at
Hopland for Duncan Springs. Highland Springs.
Kelseyvllle. Carlsbad Springs. Soda Bay. Lake,
port and Bartlett Springs; at Uklah for Vichy
Springs Saratoga Springs. Blue Lakea. Laurel
Dell Lake. Witter Springs. Upper Lake. Pomo.
Potter Valley. John Day's. Riverside. Lierly's.
Bucknell'z. Sanhedrln Heights. Hullville. Orr's
Hot Springs. Halfway House. Comptche. Camp
SteVens ' Hopkins. Mendocino City. Fort Bragg.
Westport. Usal: at Wllllta for Fort Bragg.
Westport. Sherwood. Cahto.' Covello. Laytpn-
vtlle Cummlngs. Bell's Springs. Harris. Ol-
sen' s. Dyer GarbervlUe. Pepperwood. Scotia
and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at re-
duced rates.
On Sunday round trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket offlcs. 650 Market street. CSronlda
building
H. C. WHITING, R. X. RYAN.
I ' Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass. Agt.
Mt. Tamalpais Railway
Leave fia lumiia Its tj Arrive
San Francisco Foot of Mark* &. San Francisco
¦Week Son- .JrTIB Sun- Ween
D*r»- days >^<w33&iv davs Days.
•U;93i*8:OUA r^^S^a 14:O5pf0l40i
•I:45p 9:00a ISfc_g»_f_3 l:?5p'4:5;r
5:15r 1O:OOa 8.5:>r .V.tOp
11:OOa \$?£££2r 4:r.O? 9:5Or
*Csaaset wi- itap fcr * Biysa ai TiltoT Ca-y
TIClIf I ii26 Makkst ST.,(Nortb Shore Railroad)
OmCB I and Sausalito Fkjuiy Foot Market Si.
.IIOQSES AND WAGONS.
HARNESS ar.d saddles, the best for the money,
.*t IETSEN BROS. CO.. Inc.. the big store.
114r,-ll47 Market st., San Francisco.
A" ~!N"E new rubber-tired Victoria for sale,
•cheap; the litest ?tyle. 1504 I'oi.som St.
BAY Kildin^ pacer; 2:3C: must be sold; owner
gone East. Inquire 220 Valencia st.
RIG auction ev«-ry Tuesday. 11 a. m. ; horses,
harness, vatons. buggies. 1140 Folsom st.
HAY vicon with sideboard; big lumber wagon.
910 Capp st.
DOCTOR'S C04XW for sale cheap. 1000 Geary
street.
fclt/ST lx» !»Md Bt a sacrifice; 5 good horses. 327
Sixth tt.
Al EXPKES6 wagen. light camping wagon
and c^art for rale cheap. 032 Mission st.
l.arReyt atsortmt 2-har.d wagons. buckb'd. sur-
vev. {"urner.*. work. driving horses. lMh-Valencla
HOISES TO LET.
A.T-FBINTED llrt of houses to let; **nd for cir-
cular C. II. 1'MBSEX & CO.. 14 Montgomery
A— HOi'FEP *nd f.ats to let; sn Immense list;
Ml vie* absolutely free: tak«? advantage of
this crjiartment: It will save you time and
trouble. Oordes Furniture Co., 245-259 Geary
s^t.. on the square.
A — FUNNY upper flat. 4 rooms and bath; rent
niKcnable. 371 Lind'n ave., near Octavla.
VTCELY decorated modern nine-room house,
osi>oeite Buena Vista Park. $50. 1206 HaUht.
BEFORE moving get our printed lls»t of h"Uws
to let. BALDWIN & HOWELL. 25 Toft St.
IIOISE AXD IJAUN TO LET.
3-ROOM hou**: 10-stai! barn and hay loft:
fear Twer.ty-fcurth and Castro ets. Ap;ly
tl7 dtppsT Ft.
hoi m;s to Tki—kc hmsh ed.
BEAUTIFULLY furnished h«^us» of 11 rooms
and baih; situated in the t*»st part of th»
Western Addition on Sacramento st. : for six
months or longer; rent $KX» per month. Ap-
ply to F. IJ. SURRYHNK. l."N Montgomery.
BAKER. 1MT. — Fura!<=h«-.i ho'isr. « rooms, bath.
Inquire 3 to 6 y>. ro.
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
The following marriage licenses were issued
yesterday :
Jamrt Murnane. SS, WO Howard street, and
Miiry In.fle. *<>. 172 Flri=t etrwt.
Lu/l»ig V. Baser, WXt Howard street.
eni Itrnha Luncahl. 2."«. city.
Villlam A. Wilson. 9, Point Richmond, and
HctLlr'.c" Fhafcr. 2.5. city.
Antonio Mariiano, 25. 5 Prescott onurt, and
Jennie I r . Zangriilo. IK. S Prefott court.
Thoma* J. Kowler. "7. Newark, ani Lottl<"
G. Davidson. 2<>. 2U72 Folsom street. N.
EliT..r A. Carson. 2U. (31 Ivy avenu*. and
Rulda Johnson. 2»». «31 Ivy avenue.
Andrew K. Bownmn. 3». Sacramento, ana
Lucy LcBMfT, '•'£, Sacramento.
Harry H. Oh«>a, 25. HKI3 Union street, arid
Ethi li. McLellan. \H. HUB Union street.
Samuel H. Hawkins. 24, city, ar.d Emily
F. Henck». 21. 1108 Vallejo stn-et.
Ausu*t rus^i<-h. 24. 'A South I'ark. and Jen-
nie MatiFlch. 27. 410C Howard street.
Edwin J. Hcwelcke, 25. V2T.U Oipi-er street,
and Bom A. Donnelly, *-'>. ISO Buena V:su st.
Waitor 1. Sr.ibley, 21. Hollisier. anj Lillian
M. IVUhlte. 2V, Wat.'onville.
I>rtlce Lane. 31. I'aw I'aw. Mich., and Ger-
trude l-tolant-y. 2.J. Stockton.
fharl^s C Fogg. 22. 12<t7 Octavla Ftreet. and
Marie Downing. IS 1207 Octavia street.
WaJtiT J. 1> >us!as. 27. lii';i Church street,
and j™<ie J. Oert. 20. I«® Eleventh street.
Manoel l». Nu?ie*. TK». Hnlfmoon Bay, and
Izabtl Ventura. IK. Halfmocn Bay.
J Percy I'r.rterfiVM. 2s. <i'il McAIlfsttr
Street, and Mau'.e E. Jones. 2C. 310'^ Twelfth.
Francis L. oKelllj-, -'4. 5"!» Market street,
and r-jtiT'Iln«> Kidd. 21. 2."1<5 I'nion street.
John J. Ke-js. 25. lW.',* t Natc.ma street, and
Ellen K. Kort^elsTi, 17. CA:i"- t Natoma Street.
Jostepn E. Cotter. 2T. r.HA Natnma Street.
S.n.1 Jean' tv A. It;«>. 17. 13fi>£ OoUlncwOod st.
FteffaP'j i'anepa, 22. 4<«o Hay street, an-2 Au-
ffUKtir.a Uncar.te. 10, 4^4 Bay street.
¦ Harry 'J l»ahler. ..!?.?. :'.*> Valencia ttrwt.
and Amy K. Hammond. 2.">. 4.".21 Kighteenth st.
rre'Jt-rick L. Hoick. 21, H'i T^nth avenue,
and Margaret a. «'arter. I 4 *. 2. r >7 Pen> ptret-t.
Oe«rge Lkajr. '¦'•*• 22* Fifth street, ar.d Chris-
tina IC PiKard, 2<!. 224 Fifth Ftr«^t.
'"haries F. <". Lehmkuhl. 27, Pinole, and
L!!lian E. UoMiifion. 2<\. V\no\e.
Pruik nv-grhart. 27. 7("2 Rarrtaan Ftrret, and
Johnnna Ftruss. 26, 700 Harrlsrn M.-eft..
Chtrics Sehir.itt. 22. ctty. ar.d Frances Doty.
XL < ity. . . • -^ . , ¦ . • -
YaFU*>-ro T«k'<1a. ™*. l. r > * ;> . Marys place.
and Vul;i Tanaka. 27. 13 S:. Marys place.
EIETHS -MARRIAGES- DEATHST""
Birth, marriaee and d^ath notices sent by
n.ai! will not tie insert«1. Tht*y rnurt iyt hand<^l
In at either of the publication offices and be
Indorsed with the narr.e ond residence of j.or-
¦OBS authorised to have the same published.
BORN.
CAP.R— In this city, Ortober 1?. 1003. to the
wife of I k. . : J. Ctrr, a daughter.
CRONIN— In this city. October 13. 1903. to
the wife of l»ertnis Cronin. a eon.
GERLACH— In this city. CKtober 16. 1»G3, to
the wife of John Gerla<"h, a sen.
GnACIEK— October 10, V.<m, to the wife cf
P. n. Gracier, a daughter.
HnACO'K— In this c;ty. Octob'r 5, IVXXi, to
the wife of J. Hearock. a son.
HOUGHTON— In this city. October 16. 190.3.
to the wife of Frank B. Houghton. a daugh-
ter.
KELLY — In this city, October 17. 1003. to the
wife of Charles J. Kelly, a son.
LYNCH— In this city. October 12. 1903, to the
wife of Timothy O. Lynch, a eon.
MrGKOKEY— In th!e city. October I, 1003, to
th«- wife of Thomas McGrorey, a son.
MILLEK— In this city. October 10. U<», to the
wife cf Louis Miller, a daughter.
MORSE — In this city, October 7. 1903, to the
wife of F.-ank J. Morse, a daughter.
MOULIN— In thla city. September 2S. 1903, to
the wife cf Gabriel Moulin, a son.
PIEP.CE— In thi£ city. October 10. 1903, to
• the wife of P. H. Ilerce (nee O'Reilly), a
daughter.
SHANE— In this city, October 11. 1903, to the
wife cf J. J. Hh&ne, a daughter.
SHEEHAN— In this city, October 8. l»03. to
the wife of Dennis Fheehan, a daughter.
SKOWUAN— In this city, October 3. 19C3, to
the wife of K. J. Ekowran, a daughter.
WILLIAMS— In this city. October 11. lt»03, to
the wi!> of D. J. Williams, a sen.
MARRIED.
ALLEN— HAMILTON— In this city. October
14, 1603. by the Itcv. G-orge W. White,
pastor of Central M. E. Church, Henry A.
Allen cf Hail Francisco and Grace Hamlltcn
of Fraitvale. Cal.
ARNOLD— HART— In this city. October IS.
1SH>3. by the Rev. L. C. Sanford, Charles E.
Arnold and Annie C. Hart.
EEAL— ELLEKirr— In this city. October' 10.
llHW, at U.t Cathedral MinUon, by the Ilev.
J. V. Turner. Krtd Eeal of San Francisco
. and Elizabeth I>*_le Ellerby of Marehfleld.
Oregon. '
IJOWMAN— LEMERY— In this city. October
* 17, l:KI3. by the Ber. Dr. John A. B. Wilson,
pastor of Trinity Methodist Epincopa! Church.
Andrew E. Howman and Lucy Letnery,
both of Facramento.
CONNELLY— SWANSON— la this city. Octo-
ber 14, l»ua. fcy the Rev. L. C. Sanford.
Gturre W. Connelly end flllma C. Swanson.
DAVKNI*ORT— MURIIAY--In Los Angeles.
October 12. 1!«J.5. by the Very liev. p. Hart-
n».tt, V. G.. William It. Davenport of Phoe-
nix. Ariz., und i'ary J. ilurray of San
FrancUrco.
GARTNER— EISERT— In this city, October
14. l'-ttt, by the liev. Herman Gehrcke. Fred-
erick William Gartner of Oakland and Ame-
lia Ells* Eisert of San Francisco.
JOHNSON— MORGAN — In this city. October
14. 1Wj:j. by the Kev. George W. White, pas-
tor cf Central M. E. Church, William M.
Johnson and Ethel F. Morgan, both of Sin
Fry.r.cltico.
' L.ZMKl'HL- ROBINSON— In this city. Octo- ,
ber 17. lJKtt, at Trinity Methodist Church. !
by lh' Rev. G. O. A«h of Pinole, Charles
Fredctick Christian Lemkuhl and Lillian
Ethel RoMr.son, both of Pinole. Contra Costa
County.
LYNCH— MARSH- la this city, October 12
VM.I. by the IUv. L. C. Sanford, Thomas K.
Lynch ar.d Carrie M. Marsh.
McDEVITT— ANDERSON— In this city. Octo-
ber 14. lftftj, by the Rev. Father Moran. M.
J. liCDeiltt of San Francisco and Gabrella
Andfr*-on cf fan Mateo
M l'-^ ! ' N^, S l ? 1I lF n ~ In thi * cIty - Goober 14.
li«U. bv the Kev. l. c. Sanford. Ted Ma-
l'.ne and Mf-rlo ]> E r Lulse Seller.
~died] ~
Alexander. Jas. It. Klnc, Maria
An :*-r r - Prtrta K^nlg. Gaspard
l£^, ' rah McNamee. George E.
Kfflir*' 1 ,,"* 0 ' Mahony. Daniel G.
»S?™ ? V, \ f V PUtoksi. Emma F.
IJunner. Stej.htn Raven. Sofia
r^h^V Ha . lrkk Richardson Sophie
ESos^ArV* 1 Rodger. David
vwl; iT 1 * Pkehln. John J.
F^I m- 1 u r ' c , k J ' Koubirou. Josephine
V£k i ?• M ' rlvah Tadich. Mary
Haworth Jame« Tormey. Peter J.
ir??T y xv M M yme r Caldron, Mary P.
iohn;^ w?m U Wynne. Richard
Johnson, William A.
ALEXANDER— In Oakland, October 17. 1903.
Jam«s R Alexander, beloved father of Mi»!
.Odessa Bivwn and Orline Alexander, and
brother of Sally u. I^ach and Addle Knoz
of Lakeport. Cal.. a native cf North Caro-
lina, aged 5j ytars and 5 days.
Cr Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
Monday. October la, liKC!, nt 2 o'clock, at
the funeral parlors of Lcitch & Henderson
and under the direction of Mrs. E. L. Ram-
sey. Interment Mountain View Cemetery.
ANCKER— In Tehacliapl. October IC l»03,
Frieda, beloved wife of Leo Ancker. mother
of Lenora Ancker. dearly beloved daughter
cf Jacob ami Pauline Levy, and sister of
Jfnnie. Fanny. Li.uis and Leon Levy, a na-
tive of Ben Francisco, aged 24 years. '
C7"Fricnds and acquaintances are respect-
i fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Sunday), at 1 o'clock, from the residence
of the riartntR. 011 Octavla street, between
Grove and Fulton, and thfnce by 2:30 o'clock
train Trom Valencia and Twenty-fifth streets
io New Haiem Cemetery for interment.
BACOME— In this city, October 17, ItKO. Sarah
Bacome, dearly beloved wife of William Ba-
fome. lovlnx mother of William Jr. and the
iato Maria Annie Baoome. and elster of Mrs.
Edmond McGee of Palo Alto. Robert Connor
of 6an Francitco and Mrs. A. Gallaeher of
Portland. Or., a native of County Kerry,. Ire-
i land, aeed 30 years .'! months and 8 daye.
!C7Frier.(i« and acquaintances are respect-
fully tavttad to attend the funeral" to-morrow
(Monday), at 11 o'clock, from her. late resi-
dence. W-j Clementina street, between
Third and Fourth. Interment Cypress Lawn
Cemetery.
! BARSTOW — In Oakland, entered into rest,
i October 13, 1IHX3, Mary Barstow, a native of
England, in the Tith year of her age.
i EOUKNB— In this city. October 13. l»03. at
his re*ideuce. 2120 Bush street. Richard A.
Bourne, husband of Anna Bourne, and father
of Mi.-s K. Winn. Miss Birdie, J. P.. W. A.
and O. T. Bourne, a native of Springfield,
Ohlr.. aged «2 year*.
CFrlends and acquaintances and com-
radfs cf the G. A. It. and members of Frank-
lin Lodge No. 44, A. O. U. W., are respect-
fully Invited "to attend the funeral, which
will be held under th« auspices of George II.
Thomas l'cfct No. 2, G. A. R., at their hall.
;_:0 Post street, on Sunday. October 18. at 1
o'clock-. Interment Gcortre H. Thomas Pobt
Plat, National Cemetery. I'rceldio.
BURFEIND— In thla city, October 15. 190.5,
Mary, beloved wife of the Ute Martin Bur- j
felnd, and beloved mother of Addie. Henry.
Edward. May and the late John Burfeind,
a native of Lyons, Wayne County, New
York, aged SS years 9 months and 3 days.
(L>cns. Wayne County. New York, pap«r*
please copy.)
C-/" Friends and acquaintances art respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Sunday,
October IS, JIH3.1. at 2 o'clock, from her late
residence, liKK". Taylor street, between Union
and Filbert, thtnee to I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
CrxXER- In this city, October 16. 1!KW.
Stephen, beloved eon of George F. and Sarah
Bunner, brother of James. George and Rod-
ger Bunner. and grandson of Steohen and
FTllza Bunner and James and Margaret
O'Donnell. a native of fan Francisco, aged
7 year* 1 month arid 2s days.
K^Kiiends and acquaintances are respect-
fully inviti?d to attend the funeral to-day
(Sunday), at 12:30 o'clock, from the parents'
residence. ::5O Laussat avenue, between Fill-
more and Fteiner, Halght and Waller streets.
thence to Sacred Heart Church for services
at 1 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Ceme-
tery.
CONXOnS— In this city, October'W, 19C3, Pat-
rick, beloved husband of Ellen Connors, and
father of Nellie Connors, a native of Ever-
green, County Cork. Ireland, aged OC years.
C3*F"rlon<is and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
• Mnnday). at /»:3a o'clock, from the parlois
of J. C. O'Connor & Co., 707 Mission street,
th*nce to St. lenatius Church, where a s >1-
emn reQulem high mass will be celebrated
for th* repose of his soul at 0 o'clock. In-
terment Holy Cross Cemeterjv
CRABB — In this city. October 17. 1SW». Janet
Crabb. a native of Edinburgh, Scotland.
tC?*Kijn"eial services Monday. October 10.
at 2 :.'!'> o'clock, at 3t>50 Washington street.
Imerinrnt l.aure! Hill Cemetery.
ENOS— In Oakland, October 17. 1JMX5. Antone
Ems, beloved hu»bttnd of Louisa Enos, and
father cf Mary Enos.
FERR1TER— In this city, October 15, 1&C3.
Patrick Jweph. beloved husband of Margaret
Ff-rriter, father of Katie. Patrick Jcs3ph,
W;iliair. and Leo L. Ferriter. and brother of
John Krancts Kerrlter and Mrs. Mary 11.
Connolly, a native of the parish of.Ferrite
Dingle, County Kerry, Ireland, aged 47
years.
ETFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
] <s>unday). at 12:15 o'clock, from the parlors
of J. C. O'Connor & Co., 7H7 Mission street,
thence to ft. Patrick's Church for services
at 12:M0 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery.
! FlfK— In ilenlo Park. October 16, 1903, Mrs.
Merlvah Fi?k. beloved mother of Mrs. A. E.
Allen. Mrs. Marshall and Frank Flsk. a na-
tive of Canada, aged 81 yeers and 9 months.
C-7~ ;":¦;• n<!s ai:d aoquaintHnces are respect-
fully inviu-d {o attend the funeral to-day
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, frcj*i the family r«s!-
¦>nce, :»i:i I'ulk ttreet. Interment I. O. O. t\
Cemetery.
': FKF.DERICKBON— In this city. October 17.
U'0.;. J.nnie J'atrlr.a FrederlckKon. beloved
wife of S«rcn P. ' Frederickson, a native of
Denmark^ aged 24 years and 20 days.
HA WORTH — in thrs city,- October 15. 1H03, at
tho residence of hit" son-in-Jaw, Charles C
Well*. i.'o4 Carl street. James Haworth,
father of Mrs. Jameslna Wells of San~Fran-
clsoo, and brother of Mrs. F. N. Pauly of j
Los Angeles, a native of England, aged 73
year* b months and « days. A member of
the Society cf California Pioneers. (Marys-
ville and Nevada City papers please copy.)
E7"Ttie funeral will take place from Pio-
¦ neer Hall on Sunday. October 18, at 1 :30
o'clcek. Interment CyDress Lawn Cemetery,
by electric funeral car. Remains at the
parlors of the California Undertaking Com-
pany. 40o Powell street.
HUSPEY— In this city, October 17, 100.";.
Mayme, beloved daughter of Patrick ar.d
Mary Hus.«ey. a native of Oakland, aged 21
years 5 months and IS days.
IRVIN — In Duncan Mills, October 16, 1903
William B., twin son of Mrs. M. E Irvlni
and brother of Mrs. F. E. Allen. Mrs. D c!
IVregoy and Mrs. A. F. Benard Jr., a na-
tive of Lyons, Iowa, aged 34 year*.
ETFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 10 o'clock, from the parlors of
McAvoy & Co., 1239 Market street, between
Eighth and Ninth. Interment Cypress Lawn .
Cemetery.
JOHNSON— In this city, October IC, lfKW. Wil-
liam A., beloved son of Sarah Johnson,
father of William, Irene, Sarah, Mamie and
George Jchnson, and brother of Harry, Peter
and Frank Johnson and Mrs. Kate Sterritt
cf Helena. Mont., Mrs. C. H. Eyrns of Oak-
land and Mrs. E. T. Heike, a native of San
Krancisco, aged S9 years 8 months and 18
days.
£7Krien<3s and acquaintances are respect-
fully Inviud to attend the funeral to-day
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from his late resi-
dent*-. W0f> Stovenaon street. Interment Lau-
rel Hill Cemetery.
KING— In this city. October IC, 1903, Maria
King, niece of the Ute Michael King, and
cousin of Michael and Delia McGovern, a
native of County Cavan, Ireland, aged 47
years.
C7"The funeral will take place to-day
(Sunday), at 1 MO o'clock, from the parlors
of Carew & English. 29 Van Ness avenue.
Interment private. Holy Cross Cemetery.
KOENIG — In Alameda, October 17, 1903, Gas-
pard Koenig. beloved husband of Florence
Koenig, and father of Dora, Gaspard and
Louis Koenig, a native of Switzerland aged
79 years 0 months and 3 days.
£7Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Monday
October 19, 1&03, at 2 o'clock, from his late
residence, 639 Santa Clara avenue. Inter-
ment Mountain View Cemetery. Oakland.
McNAMEE— In this city, October 10, 1003,
George E.. beloved brother of James and Jo-
sephine McNamee. a native of San Francisco
aged 38 years 11 months and lC'days. *
C/'Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Sunday), at 10 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. 818 Hyde street. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery, by electric funeral car from
Eighteenth and Guerrero streets. A requiem
high nuu will be celebrated for the repose
of his sou! to-morrow (Monday), at 9 o'clock,
at St. Mary's Cathedral. Friends and ac-
. quaintances are Invited to attend.
MAHONY— In this city, October 15, 1903,
Daniel G.. beloved husband of Elizabeth Ma-
hony. son of Daniel and the late Mary Ma-
hony, and brother of Mary Mahony and Mrs.
E. Liebar of New York City, a native of
California, aged 28 years 4 months and 5
days.
CJTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Sunday), at 12 o'clock, from the parlors of
the Henry J. Gallagher Undertaking Com-
pany. -*0 Fifth street, thence to St. Patrick's
Church for services, commencing at 12:30
o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
PAGE— In this) city, October 17, 1903. Henry
C Page, a native of I'.hode Island, aged 71
years 2 months and 3 days. (Providence, R.
1., papers please copy.)
$3T Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral Tuesday.
October 20, 1903, at 10 o'clock, from the par-
lors of Halsted & Co., 94(1- Mission street.
Interment I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
PISTOLESI— In this city, October 17, 1903,
Emma F.. dearly beloved wife of Frank V.
rutoleel, and beloved mother of Rcaalle,
Frank, Emma and Norbert Pistolesi and the
late Harold Pistolesi, a native of San Fran-
cisco.
RAVEN— In this city. October 15. 1903, Sofia
Raven of Petaluma. beloved wife. of C. Ra-
ven, and sister of Mrs. N. Segard, a native
of Denmark, aged 38 years and 14 days.
E7"Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
HENRY J. CALLACHER CO.
(Successors to Flannagan & Gallagher.)
DANIEL P. DONOVAN. Mgr.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS.
20 Fifth St.. opposite ¦ Lincoln School.
Telephone South SO.
UNITED UNDERTAKERS.
Funeral Directors and Embalmers
Formerly In Metropolitan Temple, •.
Now at 6tS6 MISSION, Tel. South 167.
Between Fourth and Fifth, near Fifth st.
Finest EquiDments at Moderate Rates. :
F. J. Mor.ahan. President.
MONAHAN & CO.,
(Inc.)
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS.
2339-2311 Mission st. Telephone Mission 31, i
(Sunday), at 1 o'clock, from the parlors of
H. P.i-Petenwn, 22S McAllister street. In-
terment Odd Fellows' Cemetery.
RICHARDSON— In Oakland, October 17, 1903,
Sophie Richardson, beloved mother Of Mrs.
George U. Horner of San Francisco. Wil-
liam It. Chaffee of Boston and Mrs. Florence
Murdock. and grandmother of Robert t>.
Tracy. Mis* Grace E. Horner and Francisco
Wall of New York, a native of Maine, aged
73 years .'5 months and 5 days.
RODGER— In vthlB city, October 1". 1003, at
his residence, 556 Wisconsin street, David,
beloved husband of Clarissa Rodger, father
of Elizabeth. Henry. Thomas, David and
Margaret R-*leer, and son of Henry and
Margaret Rodger, a native of Scotland, aged
M years and 22 days.
CyNotioe o* funeral hereafter.
SKEHIN— In this city, October 17. 1003, John
J.. beloved husband of the late Maria
Skehin, a native of County Kilkenny. Ire-
land, aged US years. .
Ipfitemalns at the parlors of McFadden,
McBrearty & Green, 1171 Mission street, be-
tween Seventh and ElKhth. Notice Of iu-
ncral hereafter.
SOUBIROU— In this city, October 17. 1003.
Josephine Soubirou, beloved wife of J. l>-
Soubirou, sister cf Mrs. J. B. Bordenave,
and slstef-ln-law of Jean Louis and Alphoni,*
fcoubirou and J. B. Bordenave, a native of
France, aged 36 years 0 months and -a
days.
(^TFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Tuesday.
October 20. 11)03, at 10 o'clock, from the
mortuary chapel of J. S. Godeau. 306 Mont-
gomery avenue, thence -to French enurcn or
Notre Dame des Victolr*s. where services
will be held. Interment Holy Cws ceme-
tery.
TADICH— In this city. October IC, l»03. Mary,
dearly beloved daughter of Mr. Andrew ia-
dich ar.d Mrs. Antonla Tadich, and sister of
Katie Tadich, a native of San *ranci»co.
ap'-d 5 months and 18 days.
IC7"FrienrlH and acquaintances are respect-
fluly Invited to attend the funeral Sunday,
October IS, at 1 o'clock sharp, from her
parents' residence. 14 John street, between
I'acinc and Jackson, Mason and Powell
streets. Interment Holy Croes Cemetery-
TEWKSBURY— In this city, October 17. 1003,
George Henry, beloved husband of Ida M.
Tewksbury, devoted father of V ista M.
Tewksbury. and brother of Sidney J. B.
TewkBbury. a native of California, ayed U-
years. A member of San Francisco Lodge,
Woodmen of the World.
(mtemair.s at the mortuary chapel of tne
Golden Gate Undertaking Company, -4SJ
Mission street, near Twenty-first.
TORMEY— In Portland. Or., October 10. l»03,
Peter J beloved husband of Mary C. Tor-
mey, and father of Clara M.. Isabel L..
Edith M. and Julian C. Tormey, a native of
Plattsburfc. N. Y.
CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Tuesday
morning, from his late residence, 852 Grove
street, thence to Sacred Heart Church, Fell
and Fillmore streets, where a requiem hlKn
mass will be celebrated for the repose of his
siul, commencing; at 10 o'clock. Interment
Holy Cross" Cemetery.
KNIGHTS OF COLUMBUS. Ean Francisco
Council No. C15— Brother P. J. Tormey. a
charter member of this council, died in
Portland, Or., October IC, 1003. Notice of
funeral hereafter.
GEORGE A. CONNOLLY. G. K.
p. f. McCarthy, f. s.
WALDRON — In this city. October 16. 1903,
Mary P.. wife of the late D. G. Waldron,
and mother of Chester S. Packard, a na-
tive of New Hampshire.
(CTTrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Sunday), at 11! o'clock, at the chapel of the
Cypress Lawn Crematory.
Wynne — In this city, October 15, 1903, Rich-
ard Wynne, a native of Georgia, aged 78
years.
JC^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Sunday), at 10 o'clock, from the funeral
parlors of Bunker & Lunt. 2660 Mission
street, between Twenty-second and Twenty-
third. MlB*lon Masonic Temple. Interment
Mount Olivet Cemetery.
CARD OF THANKS.
Mr and Mrs. Thomas Learned extend their
sincere thanks to their friends for kindnesses
shown them during their son's illness and
death.
CARD OF THANKS.-
We herewith desire to express our heart-
felt thanks to our many friends for their
kindness shown in our late bereavement of
our loving daughter and sister, Anna Hllde-
brand; also for the many beautiful floral
e MR gS and MRS. ALEX. HILDEBRAND.
ERNST H1LDEHRAXD.
P^^»_h MiftxlMT isE_s»_TiBmssW_i% s ¦ Jr J^ »r iL/JfwJt j-l^V-i J
I ff&3 J_ fc_3 l__j P I f<*rX U E -*j3 S I p^ffcT^ff 3; stf? j. J?_iStr
UNITED STATES BRANCH
©T/\TE/VYE1NT
OF THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
. OK THE
Transatlantic Fire
'insurancSe company
• I
OF HAMBURG. IN THE STATE OF GER.
many, on the 31st day of December. A.
D. 1902. and for the year ending on that day.
as made to the Insurance Commissioner of tha
State of California, pursuant to the provision*
of section* 61Q and 611 of the Political .Code,
condensed as per blank furnished by tha Com-
missioner. -
ASSETS. :
Cash Market Value of all Stocks and
Bonds owned by Company...... ..$429,800 00
Cash In Company's Office.. 4.747 21
Ca«h in Bank 27.797 SO
Interest due and accrued on all
Stocks and Loans u ...... 3.585 00
Premiums in due Course of Collec-
tion « 81.237 01
Due from other Companies for re- .
insurance on locses already paid.. 324 76
Certificates of Deposit tn hand* of
United States Trustees 49,000 00
Total Assets .$396.401 98
LIABILITIES. ~~"
Losses adjusted and unpaid $ 820 00
Losses in process of Adjustment or
In Suspense 13.821 52
Looses resisted, including expenses. 4.133 00
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning one year or less. $275,704 76;
reinsurance 60 per cent 137.852 38
Gross premiums on Flr« Risks run-
ning more than one year. $172,810;
reinsurance pro rata 99,877 62
Commissions and Brokerage due and
to become due 20,803 02
Total Liabilities .$277.311 3t
INCOMES. =:=::=S
Net cash actually received for Firs
premiums • • • • • • • • • • • .$323,«53 41
Received for interest and dividends
on Bonds. Stocks. Loans and from
all other sources 18.949 02
Total Income .*347.e&2 43
EXPENDITURES.
Net amount Dald for Fire Losses (in-
cluding $36,711 38. losses of pre-
vious years) $184,037 73
Paid or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage 8S.313 10
Paid for Salaries, Fees and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc... 18.781 72
Paid for State. National and Local
taxes 4.730 10 1
AH other payments and expenditures 18,073 91 j
Remittance to Home Office 438 21 i
Total Expenditures .$312,846 79
Fir*
Losses Incurred during the year $168.423 29
Risks and Premiums. Fire Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of Risks
written during the
year $33,042,670 $489.639 83
Net amount of Risks
expired during the
year 83.863.596 487.742 10
Net amount in force
December 31. 1002.. 30.411.636 448,514 78
LEO A. LOEB. Assistant U. 8. Manager.
Subscribed and sworn to before tn* this' 23d
day of January. 1903. > '
ARTHUR A. LOEB. Notary Public
PACIFIC DEPARTMENT ESTABLISHED III 1372.
_____ /.
213 Sansome Street
*Saii Francisco. Cal.
V. C. DRIFFIELD, Manager.
OCEAN TBAVEL.
S Steamers tears San Fran-
cisco as follows:
For Ketchlkan. Wrangel,
Juneau, Halnes. Skagway,
etc, Alaska— 11 a. m.. Oct.
18, 23. 28. Nov. 2. Change
to company's steamers at
Seattle.
For Victoria. Vancouver.
Port Townsend. Seattle. -Ta-
coma. Everett. 'Whateom — 11 a. — i., Oct. 18,
23, 28, Nov. 2. Change at Seattle to this com-
pany's steamers for Alaska and G. N. Ry.; at
Seattle or Tacoma to N. P. By. ; at Vancouver
to C. P. Ry.
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay)— Pomona. 1:50
p. m.. Oct. 19. 25, 31. Nov. 6; Corona, 1:50 p.
m.. Oct. 16, 22. 28. Nov. 3.
For Los Angeles (via Port Los Angeles and
Redondo), San Diego and Santa Barbara-
Santo Rosa, Sundays. 9 a. m.
State of California. Thursdays. 9 a. m.
For Los An*ele» (via San Pedro and Eaat
San Pedro). Santa Barbara, Santa Cruz. Mon-
terey, San Simeon. Cayucos, Port Harford (San
Luis Cbispo), Ventura and Hueneme.
Coos Eay. 9 a. m., Oct. 10, 24, Nov. _.
Bonita. 9 a. m.. Oct. 20. 28, Nov. 8.
For Ensenada. Magdalena Bay. San Jose del
Cabo, Mazatlan. Altata. La Pas. Santa Ro-
salia, Guaymas (Mex.), 10 a. m., 7th of each
month.
For further information obtain folder.
Right Is reserved to change steamers or sail-
ing dates.
TICKET OPHCES- 4 New Montgom-
ery street (Palace Hotel). 10 Market street and
Broajway wharf.
Freight office. 10 Market street.
C. D. DUNANN. General Passenger Agent,
10 Market street. San Francisco.
O. R. & N. CO.
"Columbia" sails Oct. 20. 80. Nov. 9 19 29
Dec. 9, 19, 29. "George W. Elder" sails Oct!
25, Nov. 4. 14. 24, Dec. 4. 14. 24. Only steam-
ship line to PORTLAND. OR., and short rail
line from Portland to all points East. Through
tickets to all oolnts. all rail or steamship and
rail at LOWEST RATES. Steamer tickets In-
clude berth and meals. Steamer t.alU foot of
Spear st. at 11 a. m. S. F. BOOTH. Gen.
Agt. Pass, Dept., 1 Montgomery st.; C. CLIF-
FORD. Gen. Ant. Freight Dept.. S Montgomery.
Mare Island and VaUaJo gfsuner*.
Steamer GEN. FRISBIE or MONTICELLO—
9:45 a. m.. 3:15 and 8:30 p. m.. except Sunday.
Sunday. 9:45 a. m., 8:30 p. m. Leave Vallejo,
7 a. m., 12:30 noon, C p. m., ex. Sunday. Sun-
day, 7 a. m.. 4:15 p. m. Fare. 50 cents. Tel.
Main 150S. Pier 2. MIssion-st. dock. HATCH
BROS.
SJJLWAY TBAVEL.
B CALIFORNIA f
I LIMITED TO OHIOAGO |
flj - Leaves Holidays and Thandaya B
B| at 0:30 a. m.p through In S days* B
fi with dinar and all trappings. JJ
Other Santa Fe Trains :'
IrS ?* 51' I 'of Stockton, Fresno, Ba-srsfieW,
sfrS^^l Merced, Haaiord and ViaalUu
B.IAJ p. la. f
.4.00 p. m, tor Stockton.
8:00 p. m. for Kansas) City, Grand Canyon and
Chicago.
Ticket Officb: 641 Market Bt,, and Ferry
Depot. S. I*. Also 11U Broadway, Oak-
land, Cal.
BTO SAN RAFAEL,
SAN QUENTIN,
MILL VALLEY,
CAZADERO, ETC.
via Sausalito Ferry.
Suburban Service, Standard Gaugft Electric —
Depart from San Francisco Dally— 7:0O. »8:0O.
•9:00 •10:00. 11:00 a. m.. *12:20. 1:40. »3:15.
4-15 '»5-15 6:15. 7:00. 8:45. 10:20. 11:45 p. m.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO
—Dally— 5:25. »6:35. »7:40. «8:35. »9:35, •11:06
a. m. •12:20. 1:46. •2:55, »3:45. 4:45. '5:45.
•6:45, 8:45. 10:20 p. m.
Trains marked (*) run to and from San Quen-
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRAN-
CISCO— Daily— 5:45. * 6:55. 7:62. 8:55. »:55.
11:20 a. m. 12:35. 2:00. 3:15, 4:06. 5:06, «:05,
7:05. 0:00. 10:35 p. m. .
L \> THROUGH TRAINS.
8:00 a. m., week dayi — Cazadero and way
stations.
5:15 p. m., week days (Saturdays excepted) —
Tomales and way stations.
-3:15 p. m.. Saturdays — Cazadero and way
stations. . .
. Sundays only— 10 a. m., Point Reyes and way
stations.
TICKET OFFICE— «28 Market st. -
FERRT— Union Depot, foot of Market atRETIRES EIGHT TEACHERS.
Annuity Commission Acts on Re
quests of Pedagogies.
The San Francisco Public Schoolteach
er*' Annuity and Retirement Fund Com
mission met yesterday and retired eight
teachers from the public school depart
ment at their own request. They will all
receive pensions according to law.
Tho^e retired were Misses A. E. Slavan,
Jean Parker. H. Fairchild. Lydla Harti
Christine Hart. Mrs. B. A. Shaw. Mrs
S. A. Miles and T. B. White.
The total amount paid out for teachers'
annuities during the quarter ending Oc
tober 1 1S03. was $310$ 10.
The ubiquitous burglar continues to op
rrate in the Western Addition, notwith
standing the vigilance of the police, and
liis latest exploit has netted him consid
erable valuable plunder. The residence
cf J. P. Miller of the Red Front store,
1346 McAllister street, was entered early
Friday evening while the family was at
(Jinner and two diamond rings?, a diamond
brooch, a lady's gold watch, an Elgin
silver watch and $10 in cash were carried
away. The daring theft took place be
tween 7 and S o'clock and an entrance
was effected through a side window. All
of the rooms in the upper portion of the
residence were ransacked. Detectives
have been detailed on the case and are
nuLklne a diligent search for the thief.
Ubiquitous Burglar Is Active.
ilarearet McKcnzle, who after almost
forty yean* service as a teacher In the
public schools of this city was in July,
lifOl. dismissed from the School Depart
ment after a trial by the Hoard of Edu
cation on charges preferred against her
by the parents of pupils attending the
Hancock Grammar School, of which she
was principal, was, in the opinion of
Judge Hebbard, illegally dismissed. In ac.
curdance with this opinion he issued a
•nit of review of the board"s proceedings,
thus riractlcaUy restoring her to her place
In the School Department and declaring
bcr entitled to about $0?0G In salary lost
l>y her by reason of her dismissal.
Judge Hebbard decides the case on two 1
points raised by Attorney S. V. Costello
lor the petitioner. The iirst was on the
la< k of jurisdiction of the board because
of the fact thut the charges against Miss
AIcKenzie were not preferred by the Su
perintendent of School*., as the charter
provides, and the second on the insuffi
ciency of evidence to prove the charge
against her of Incompetence. He sus
tains Costello's contention on both these
points, and la his opinion says:
APPUXS FOB WHIT.
The retitioner, Margaret McKenzie, vu a
teacher in the public ecIkxJs of San Francisco
from May. JS63. mull July, 1901. when the.
tlitn bein* the principal of the Hancock
Grammar School, was dismissed from the
fcH.hool l>ej>arimer.t by the defendant, the
i • o : . of K<2ucatlon.
Petitioner now arplies to the court lor a
• writ of ctrtiorarl annulling Bald proceedings; I
the board has made answer setting forth the
record Mifon which the dismissal was based,
end the pleadings are now eubmltted to the
crjurt for Judgment therein.
There are two questions involved:
1. Petitioner claims that the proceedinga
aptlnst her were not based upon any charge
«>r »harges. fomiaily or otherwise preferred by
tl;e Superintendent of Schools, as required by
e»ct!on 1. subdivision 2, chapter 3, article VII
of the charter.
Her Mcond contention is that there was no
evidence be:cre the board whereon to base her
removal from the School Department. The so
called charges were In the form of communlca
tldns addrt-ssed to the board by parents and
i .. ¦ ::^.> of pupils attend inc the Hancock
(irammar School, and were that the pupils of ,
thr eighth grade of that school had been will- !
lully and eroealy negrlected and Improperly '
taught; that the course in language, grammar \
nr.d iiiglisii had been esi>eclally neglected in .
ihat neither "Snowbound" cor "ThanatopslB"
had b*-^n taught them, and that monthly re
j^ns had not been received from the school
They further charged her with physical and
mental unfitness to teach, and with insubordi
nation and ur.profesFional conduct.
These charprs were not, apparently from the
rec> rd. investigated by the guperlntenJent of
t-'chix>Is. nor did he formally, or at all, make '
any chances against iH'titioner.
SUPERINTENDENT'S POSITION.
The position of the Superintendent, as shown
by the recrd, was that It any one desired to
prefer a charge or a complaint against a
teacher he would give the same consideration,
if made in compliance with the forms of his
c'nee.
The Superintendent evidently relied upon the
provisions of the charter as governing his con
duct in such matter.
Section 1. subdivision 2. chapter 3 of article
.All of the charter reads, in part, as follows
•Oiarges against teachers must be formally
made by the Superintendent after due investi
gation, and shall be finally passed upon by the
hoard after giving the accused teach* due
hearing."
The court must construe this language to
mean that the Superintendent himself must
first make investigation of the charges or com-
M«int made by any one. and If he deems them
raffirient to warrant a trial of the accused
teacher by the board, then it would be his duty
to formally make and file the charges before
the board, and thereupon, and after a trial
the board may finally pass Judgment in the
matter.
Thif lr the plain meaning and intent of the
charter provision, and it is inconsistent with
no general law of the State nor with any rule
of the board.
Rut It Is certainly consistent with reason
and common wane, and no better Illustration
thereof could be givm than is presented bv
the record in this case. -
Margaret M'.Kf-nzie. aftor nearly forty yeare
of conscientious iab->r in the public schools of
thin city, is brought to trial upon some ram-
Ming charges cr neglect, slightly In detail
coupled with the grave accusation of insub
ordination, unprofefsior.al conduct and physical
«n.1 mental unfitnefs to teach, uttered In the
most general terms.
The evidence taken at the trial proves ab
solutely nothing of all these things charged
CEoept that there was some testimony given to
ft,* effect that some of the other teachers of
the Hsncnck School d!d not have '"Snowbound"
• r.<5 "ThKnatopsis" rtad to or by the pupils
every day. but that ••FIvant.-eline" and "Chrls
r.:a* Carols" were r»ad. and that some of the
pupils of tV eighth rrade. composed mostly
of children of foreign yarents. failed to pass
exMr.lntaion for promotion.
EVIDENCE FAVORS TEACHER.
The great bulk of (he evidence taken Is to
the tfTect thai Mi!=s McKenzie was a competent
and reliable teacher and ought not to have
l*<i dismissed from the department.
Tl.is must have berr. the opinion of the Pu
prinun.i'r.1. for whatever testimotTy was
plven bjr him at this hearing was favorable to
J!'*f lIcKcnxle.
. Yet th«> boerd rroc^dod to try this teacher
w.ihout th* sanction of the Superintendent and
to pass Judgment upon her that Bhe be cj|«- i
misjfd from the Fchoo] Department, which
judgment necessarily carried with jt the loss
nf salary, the loss of her Interest in and enjoy
ment of the annuity fund provided for the '
veteran teachers of the department aft"r their I
retirement, as w. II as the ignominy which such
JuHgnicnt would cast ui>on her generally in the I
public estimation.
The court Is of the cpinion that had the rule
cf the charter b><-n enforced! by the board these
unfortunate r'-sults would never have hap
|*>ncd.
TIk- Hu perintendent could and would have
Snwstipat*^! the«e complaints (I think he did)
¦nd. not considering them worthy of the basis
of formal charges, would have made none; the
iKirirri would have been saved the trouble of
the investigation *r.d the error of Its rulings,
end prfiHonfr would have been spared all this
unhapplnei-s.
The reason for the rule of the charter re
quiring Investigation and the preferring of
• hargps sgainst a teacher by the Superintendent
is demonstrated acutely by the record In this
case.
The Beard of Education never had jurisdic
tion to try petitioner * n <l th « record shows that
ll had no reason tri convict her.
!>>t <be writ Issue as prayed.
Holds That Evidence Did Not
Justify Her Removal
From School.
Judge Hebbard Says Her
Dismissal by Board
Was Illegal.
MISS M'KENZIE
WINS HER SUIT
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, OCTOBER 18, 1903.
44
HALE'S. ; | HALE'S. | HALE'S. | HALE'S. | HALE'S. |_ HALE'S.
II i—r jser **m \ In the Black Taffetas. H/I^k**^ r^^^MtAriMS^^** C^I/^^ • In Black Peau de Soies. '
<QdM£?W~M^ /& a 49c buys Joe grade (27-inch). lYlOI C L^QITlDclPlSOn B3c buys 75c grade (24-lnch>. f&JUL^?/ ffl « „*-. l
JS3& M' /4Pa&&<ifES. . r ,9c buy S 75c crade (22-inch). ATAX-T* W 'W VJ^ * ¦ * £* *-• * lvvl1 X-y«*a*^^<^ 69c buys S5c grade (20-inch). /J" /4@>™^^
! /j£r /&/ <*&^J*^W&2r-£*W H9c buys C«c grade (27-lnch). ! rTfjT 7 - r" . t . r> r~ ' t t r t- . 79c buys Me grade (21-lnch). /5S//W/ &£&& (&^ §m>^' <*£*&
I jflS/ — . wr^ "**~^^*£Bt 79c buys ji grade (24-inch). With which to let San rrancisco women know where the best 89c buys ti grade (21-inch). /ffl Jj&Jzzr__^\_Z~~<^^
/ — l -^ZGpGD GOOlt&^S^ 8?c buys $1 - ]5 « rade (24-inch). ... . r , . . . &9 C buys $1.25 grade (23-inch>. M?( '^^^GoTxnTTiTuia^^
-^*— ,, .^t/*^^ 99c buys 51.25 grade (24-inch). silk values are . Comparison ts conviction. $1.09 buys ji.50 Vade (24-mch). -**--Zy° o u 0 **^^
' 11 1 1. V $1.09 buys $1.35 grade (36-lnch)/ • . . Thev're all standard makes and the — — —
Children's BOX CoatS *JS? £&£$&$?* Wd , r men compared, our prices last week and came back here to H ale guarantee K oes with every yard. 2 Rjbbon Offers
v^IlllUICll a QUA vUttia t> uy# We can't remember when we were so busy as we were last .. . — — • . * K1DDOn uucra
For little girls 2 to 5 years old. ™2?^£^*LZ~^ week - They.'found that the qualities were even stronger than the 7%c fe^ffif^oiSSg 0^^. 36 14c and 15c
1W0 ya r(J s for special soling, beginning to- price. . , Inches wide; grays only. The first one is a pillow ribbon. \Ya
$3.oo-The first one. A plain red TgTadTof whit"/ Japanese silk is 35c; They even wondered why we could sell such qualities at such Ah" wide ' s: TeSUl " inches wide, shaded in ereen. vcilow.
cadet or castor one with box back, cir- 27 inches wide. prices. They could find no excuse in the materials for such prices 6 * c s»«rfas; lOc grade; black, gray and red, violet and blue, with a draw stnnar
fa U ncy brafd uSmK lined throuSSit BIaCk C ° IOred VclVCtS ' ™ey went away thinking more of US. P ' for XXX Premier lining. It's a er a >^% inch ourc fancy
lancj Draid uarnil> lined throuenout. The assortment lB now complete, in- , ? , ;, , { ... ° r f » c fabric, fine silk finish twill cloth. In . • e . otJ L er is a O-incn DU , rc . su^J a "rj
$3.50 is the next one: plain red. cadet eluding all new fall colorings, $1.00 yard. 1 nat S the good Will we are alter. 1 b i ueg> g ra y S , browns, tans, etc. striped taffeta ribbon, rejrularlv 3OC and
or castor, with a Monte Carlo back: " : " ~" ———_—_ 35c one; we have marked Monday 15c
0^0m^m^i Women's Tailored Suits Another Opportunity in Men'Tsw^tei*
dou"b!e c^e^ollTont-^CT sHk h oiD a You'll find the prevailing styles at Hale's-even some late ones not seen • r _. <¥>w U ($I.IO, worth $1.50.)
W^^SM^M iSr #S "- ffice kM0! s " dinB '" new ones by ~ Dress )U " Trimmed Dress Hats men's suspenders
$4.50. worth $6.50. and at SvOO. worth ( t Her^V w^ mi S a I7 tn^ mCd C ° rdCd Wi: $4-75 ones have been soeciallv pre- (25c, worth 50c.)
$7.00. A few black velvet ones at U.7S S^tTni like a man's than any suit vet. The SStoSv^ %£* ffr "" Still a few of those
-7 — - h^ h !ifft r js < a3 £&m3Be& a ls ?ca " I5 ° of them (and no two -*«^*^*^ at *-
(1^ -1 $3a( ?: . , f -u r .... . , f Made in the last week from the best —and all linen cuffs at IOC a
e Thcn her v e . ar £ ? ] T V -u°- " eW z i behn pTi ."?' °V m}X ii °t mSB^^^L materials, velvets, felts, iets. chenilles. /, a: >
WF%i *^ $2a °°° and whitC nakcd zibdines at $i5 - But lct s look more "rctullv at some and trirnmed with black and white P ™' . . .. .
Xlb-^S . 4 /vV £iB of them. S*$s!? n | 1im « u: r j* ~ n( \ w in£r5 \ few of The > r wcre oi:t yesterday and added
tf^m M^k ™^^£™m££'^£ S'c^rtrffi SSf^^S.. 0^ .*<* rP%^ ~ them were kept forjo-morrow. an^snspenden j. Haic , s
Xf &/%J!£*J ¦ *i\v" l t,fi : Rt new ful1 sleeves; rklrt has seven cores and fancy braid, silk ornaments; others plain. C/A^--*/ c lt . .u t. nishincrs or have VOUr witr huv them
ytV&~jfvi' unlink with plenty cif stitching. Ji^^*? So thev are as new as they can be, nisninps or_na\e >our wire ouy tnem
G+k \ uminea. |25.OO-Ml3ted zihellnrs, collarl°EB blcmo« In the /M^t I*v cmbodvinc- little Stvle touche3 as orlv when s " e 13 in to-morrow.
$20.0o-Bcveral lines In cheviots, mannish skirt effect set off with velvet and fancy JPSBV SN>. rinmeA^r^nJ^^Awseest Such The sweate « *«* WO0 '. roll collar, heav-
rZii (TtTA cloths nnd zlbelines «ome coat effects; oth- rald ?"<* buttons, front on the duchess or- X\^^^l^ VN % "pened experience V,OUld SURCest. bUCh ,, y rlbbed# aU slzes zi to 44; blackgi na .
\l JWL nned. bucks. b,ue s and mixtures. seven-cored skirt. —<* . ' are older slower styles that receive a buftoSTastene^.^roSI^^^^
dlvL ~ $3 or a $4 price. One. to be economical, must take something some one else quite an assortment of. patterns la
qyfrSy&^y^ ? CSl/^OkC^ ¥ T Vt f\& V%Y\Y%\r* &f\ didn't want. Hale's way offers as good opportunities (may be better ones) to light and dark shades.
§p25S]b JLlCI^W^ Ullvld LII IvCU late buyers as to early ones.
fin tn H?i1f»'c fnr CAnrlee. ' «Ti »-» *4 I-¥^k"m,m7' f-#- Hf 4rfeY>Y^i^-f^ t=±.f\ $10 hats bear this idea, too. We've just got through making a lot of them. £3& fi^ & «=£j
UO tO naie S IOr 3fflQ [lOW It 0«PPSllv^O They are jewels, trimmed principally with long ostrich plumes— in black and I £| j|- R II W (I ' llS
*-* . 1 1 < . JT^ JT^ • . t . black and white effects. a u » H M a Jt fftu
Oo now An underwear man ordered them, but they were delayed. M H fflu yS g M Ms
Hosts of new stvfes will be shown He couldn't delay making his garments, so he bought elsewhere. * @ lt\ 11 8k 11 til I 111
thkiwk When thev did come he couldn't use them and he couldn't afford f\-f-fdDkfC* iti I dr»O rtii^ldlfic 19 U M ll m ?i 1 f Hi
Some prices will beespecially low. to hold them. So he came to us for relief. He go it. You get UlierS lO LaCC I A I 1 I I I i i]^
" bargains. — $1-25 white Swiss ones, $1.00. §§Lg— -jra§, _ «i jf<A m »S^.lug. . ffl. hS
It's the best word yet for clocks- Point Venise Galloons. 2c Yard. —$1 7Z Nottinphams at $1 to ' i . If ¥ T fl rT^'^^
more beauty, more oriRinahty. more va- Worth 4c ¦ v L -/3 ivoumgnams at $1.50. yf I JlTl nt*P I I5?C
riety than we have ever had. Doesn't All of them in two prrouns. 2600 yards English torchon lace edging, — $c co white novelties at $4 KO If UU1UI VllCtO
matter what kind you want or what *,r Inf—rso-ulnr brice I2 l £c and itc %a nd !% Jnches wide, and insertions as a j */? 1 u j j * d. I rw . .Y lth «
vou want to pay, vou'll be pretty apt to ?c , ] re S^ price 12 <-c«™ f& wide as 1 inch. . —And $6.50 white corded ones at $5.00. Detachable Handles
find it at Kale's. ' ™c lot-regular price joe, and 25c 3c Yard. There are lways good reasons for coming to Hale's for cur- Men's or Women's, $1.85.
th?G^ SIS .?£U I^S^iPo^i^ SSifepWKs 10 3 tains-some special ones just now. With Extra Fancy Han°-
SSri£S£&S TJSP& m SSSSSbif meda°mon rib shapes ead Alf S tto ' 5c Yard. At $1.00 Pair. At $4.50 and $5.00 Pair [j ,., .ff ' *f f£, jgj
Both in new silver B ray. Butler or gold J|Jf"- s id Tas in iwllit * WY and Ara- W s % th 8 « c - f 1O t c i a 5 d , 20c - t v . White Swiss curtains. 10 different pat- At this price are 90 pairs of novelty lace \ RS * he lateSt ldea - J" St
I u , -r , , , • u- V- \ £* I™ !"\a' ,"A S i? %%?? Of em \ e ffi e \ Up tO S/4 3 yards to Winches, which in- curtains in white cord designs, just like 1 a slight pressure of the
Another beautiful clock is this one. bian shades. 3200 yards. inches, and Insertions to 2Vfe Inches. eludes a 414-Inch ruffle. Some of them the Arabian ones. They're the last of «| tV,, 1rn K , n^ +Vi« i, m Kr«11i ; c
where the figure is clineine to the dial " have lace edges: others have clusters of seven favorite designs. So few of a kind > inurriD ana me umoreiia IS
sasfe^Si^ Children's Underwear |i|g^^i|H a'sna^"" 1 — - g gggg gg|g
a SveHdelin two-ton^effVt-si'rl '' Receives special attention this week, and well it may, for there is so $1.50 a Pair. I2^c Figured Silkolines, 8^c. I case. Push the two to- I
There are any number of Gold Cupid much of it ; all so good and all so cheap. Never heard of such qual- six new patterns in Nottinghams. a.11 30 pieces, quite a variety of patterns, : gether and you're ready ,
<"Hork«! <t ->- «f -n <*> "v» <5c ,, n »a •* ..~A~~ ..-»-- M,«^^ I frood ones for single or bay windows, lots of colors In medium shades. Some f or *Up. rain Vr» crrpivs «
OIOCHLS. ?1.25, *loO, 52. 5.1. 5..S up to ity underwear SO Cheap. / itrong and well twisted thread, usually good ones among them for covering com- 1Or tne rain - ' No Screws
?I k« n Hn. n«,vc ? * .« . a chiidren-s plain natural gray half wool Girls' Swiss Ribbed Underwear, sold at $1.75. forters. to get out of order. They ;
Desk Clocks with Cuoid and ink the neck and down the front, pearl but- bands down the front, pearl buttons. ' j rods, Strong trames, and
stand, $3.75. ?S and $7.50. tons-pants and drawers with shaped and Pantalets have . silesia bands, covered , , TPl-^x A -*-rf- CT £± rv 4- Z r\ *-« i areCOVered with taffeta
Mantel Clocks, $.,. 7S and $££ That's narrowed ankle^ "£ £ 2 and 3 years^Oc. ' 1 11^ J\T L Z3 CC L 1 U O I siIk> which wiI1 neV er CUt.
lower than such clocks usually sell for. ||^ gO^Jsc Size 28^45c Slzes *• 5 and 6 y«a"— 35c. 1
House Helps iize iKS iize itMl Sl "* 10 ' n d B years-45c. Thought of Christmas tempts us to do some special things this |1 Other Umbrellas 65c
a*« n A «m <z+ n - * size34-60c Infants' Vests, 25c. weet Strong black mercerized
Are LJOWn OiairS. Another quality in the same kind of a Ribbed wrapper style, open down the '- 1 ' nn ., orVinrh narawn
garment, two-thirds wool, at 10c more for front, silk bound edges, pearl buttons, I ones, paragon
And some offers this week to !"*!- , AT ¦ TT ££££ monfhs t?*?**?"" 1 WhUe - S!ZeS 6 Fr « in'truction in embroidery and sTso^ 1 re «: I *£$&*. steel rods ; splen- ¦
4-^1 «.i, a i in ,,- fl ,,-;vM,irtii.n ?!-,«»-« Children s Merino underwear. , , n . . , „... ¦ , TT , i_ r _ etitrhintr This art school of aium-iized jewein are Be dor. I: did variety oi nandles —
take the house* i\es down there. weI ht whlte and Boys and Girls Ribbed Under- lace stitching. 1ms art scnooi o bJack> iUw> of C0l0r9> 1Oc J
natural gray. 80 per cent wool, fine soft . . . W ear. - : • Hale's is a great help for women. If Tr X n n ch - , ... „„,„„ ,-„ ±'± . I P ., "» ."' S V * , ' 1
—Castile SOap, l$C bar. quality nicely made and nnished: shirts Xatura i gray wool, winter weight. SO you want to do some oridnal fancy- In^ad l"m.r1^ «cL ° ' '° bUDCh: " d 3 Sliver trimmed, natural
-Bissell's carpet SWCe P er,$2.2 5 . «H^&S!SgkrS«^ %^^^™s^™^Z% work for Christmas here is an instructor Battraberff rO und or f^M^M^M
—"-burlier "OS StOVeS Si QZ, 111 Ksc 111 it^fc Sill Xi^kc elaS " C - c l7> «,,„ -r-^ tO Show yOU how tO Start your Cm- IOC each cellent wearing cloth. 26 in with *
'nZ Int % T o- * il1 *** SIze 28 " €5c Slze 34 ~ 8OC Slze e 2^5^ fill 30=Hc broidery work for pillow tops or linens; Vuinmy Tray Cloths and Splashers, I X^-MS^rSiSSisJaSi
TnZJnlr'nt'-r Children's Union Suits, 5 OC. gg f££ |g^g« another instructor to show you some £c: corners of firm pretty open-work | wogW^
— lOllct paper at Two styles, heavy ribbed, natural gray. \TJccpc' Underwear me new lace stitches. We are even ore- de pS?'J in aSSa 23 c nai r- %i* «;,^ \ u»ei. tight roiiia* very styii,h
tr 1 j-j r 1 • • •* n^«,.^ Mrfa/t «nttnn snlis-flnpn down the ' AllSSeS UnQcrVvC3.r, >QC. ... r i_ -j JT11XOW onams, «OC pair; lull Sized, \\\ handles in run metal u well as new
.Splendid reasons for housewives visit- J«« i?a d crSs tVchl^^neltTmake! Ribbed and shaped, white,' half wool, pared to do all sorts of embroidery good quality; set ' o ff with a 2-inch hem! % SSSun* -nEr. J
ing Hales down-stair store this week, splendidly made and nnished with shell B oft heavy quality: vests with shell wor k— do it well and not charge too stamped in floral designs; nnished nice V^- , , , -"' ¦
In fact there are good reasons all the stitched edges, pearl buttons, covered stitched edges, pantalets with silesia >%u , " *^*I i,," K ' """"^ ' ' '"' -
t ; nic seams. All sizes. 3 to 15 years. bands, covered seams. Sizes 3 to 10 years, much. a "Q e * en -
\y\ )j 1 i.grtK j ft pig>- -*i 1 Tl-i/^c?^ 1^1/ n r>*.i+%+ckA Diaiip New pniow Tops, 17c. if s Watches To-Day
1 ikC V j Lfe^^ /"*-_ S ' — ' 1 llUsC l^/2t r^rillLCU rlUUC That's news that will make a stir Something unusual for Hale's.
I'/ /s-tfA I jj^^^/^xz*. / ,{tf\ ~jL */O<X * -*-*«« - V'j r\ -« r •* The y' re i ust the to P s mo . st wanted °
IN lAi^^^CW^Ul^^^' /O\\N Pl5inn^lQ » fn C\f\ f\\ SC V^irn P Ow; u ple " ty Of fl0raI dcs5 ?. n u s: . cven We've always had watches. Mav be
U %^<S W/l^r^^:^^ IW\ \ \ \ ridllllClo * tU V-IU €tL Ot I Cll KM. holly-berries; many pretty Christmas y ou didn't know it, and if vou did may
K /uAYT^fOT IM[ V\\ You have been paying I2^c. s ; g t n h S :; 7^ l°" t S Iw hive H? you d5dn '5. kn?w what - eood ones
/\) // r^y^nX r^T\ / fl 9$\ %^\V , f a J lll S A -/2»- and this is the first time they na\e they were or how mexpensrve.
/ JW / f *H ( w^-'^ 'f ft WUf/Ti?*-*^li Of course, the assortment isn t as complete as it once was. it been as cheap as this— 17c. Some are So we put these three on sale to brin*
IT / ' f f N "^ ir^ ril> ¦ ¦ '" 7 * -\T isn't vou'll care x whit about thir What's here is all' rieht Pink, geraniums, wild .roses, marguerites, them to your notice more forcibly.
C~ I \ fiS. I 11 is" 1 you 11 care a wnit aDOur tnat. vvnat s>nere is an ngnu ± nm, s^ veet peas an^ holly-berries m rare
) / I To Morrow Opens the Hale X^^^^S light blue, tan and white grounds with small colored stripes. tints. Top and back, 17c. $3:85 — Gents' /Watch.
\ P If you've a wrapper or sacque to make, this is your time to buy. p ."", T , f t^X^Zt^^^u^tc^
>// , October S^lle W Bargain in a waisting, too. Tapestry Pillow Tops, 15c. • ' — r • fi.
//I' \ I Vf^HJUd OCIIC V^ & ._ ._. , ,^, . x . «. . ± <>a Fun-sized ones, though you would least $5.9: — Women's Chatelaine
// h V f * r* * *• 45c Wool Waisting Flannels at 34c ? h pec V° flnd r 8 ? t c difiiSf* u in lr"n ?S" w^trh
Jj % \\ fkf KaH nitlCTQ A st y Hsh - dress y flannel in lieht bluc > red ' nay y' tan ' * rcen and Pink « rounds (lag Wu^and 6 beiee. There's no pillow , nnm H «u! h in ., nn «,,
Ji k V • Ul UCUUUl^d . contrasted with small dainty stripes. \ top like them for wear. ortted^uc'h^tusuaHy s^aT'jsV^
JJ ti^l_/^ — ;¦ Sheets, pillow cases, blankets, spreads, com- ¥ ¥ «•: T # w-^ j ¥ • tj r r n^ -.n^ TaeeMc mr c<*r- r*I]X' -v^r^^i,
2^ >^~ . ;-/•**: ' ' ¦. ' HalA I iflAflC* RacT 1 iriPIIC Heavy Cord and lassels, 19c. $0.75 — Gents Watch.
*^v—^ forters, pillows all as good as they Can be; all 1 ICtlC L<I 1 1CI l£>. DW L JL^lllWlIO Extra long-loni? enough to go around Gold filled hunting case or op«n f*c«,
low priced, some of them less than you would think it was possible Merit put them there. Merit keeps them there. Values tell in any plUow - They>re In the be3t colora - with seven Jewels: aranteed -
for them to be. linens. Sometimes our prices don't show up like others'— but our 0^ . g _^^ j
The better posted you are the more surprised you will be. qualities do. That, after all, is what determines the value. We &£$ " f^g Cx^T <^^^^^sss> '& J§i t^— fr^^x
Hale buying is not common buying, by any means. Six-Store saw another's 75c linen at 50c the other day that .was the same /v^=M_Ml~^'I I >r~^^5^\. S^=Si*
influence is naturally more powerful in the world's markets than width and quality we have right along at 45c; and three other f$j[^gStJl^Jtyw fZ^_ rJ^iiCJ^l
one. So we have values the one-stores don't get. samples of $1, $1.25 and $1.50 lines that were all the same quality. Vj^ ¦ •
Comforters at 79 c. Feather Pillows. t^^^^^^S^^^^^^^£ .ffL. W^L l^M-
lawful, doubie bed size, with $1.00^^75^ Z^m^^l^^^^^'^^' V V DlSHCS **\
white cotton filling, wool tufted, covered $pr arade at Si OO nOt ' !t Wl11 P a >^ y OU tO COme and S et versed. ; . Y / fl I ¦
with figured silkoline. They weigh full 3 ' t>' uuc - u * *P A -*-^- ........ - /k A Jfc^l ==^1
?r°a un ch s elpf 7&c heavy ' extra good and ex " 2>o ° S rade at $ I 75- . Now and then. special advantages pop up as result of special \$< The advantages at Hale's. (I "T ll
' ' £ 6o ° of t] £l n , out at those prices to- buying. Nowhere do they pop up oftener than at Hale's.: No- And what's special now. /Lrl I^J\
Comforters at Si IO morrow. They re all good sized and / & , , . , A i -i tt - t ? //^^ \^\\
«, « i£ -*"*¦??.: * ?1 - 1U< well filled with a K ood grade of feathers, where are housekeepers quicker to snap them up than at Hate s. — // | H
1 * 1 * White Bedheads, $1.25. 50c White Linen at 40c. • Silver Bleached. Napkins. Plenty of decorations from which to select- ?JJ J
roitlfort^Tat Si O- & W wffi£%*,cheted ones for large dou- pure l.nen. too. and 60Jnche, wide It g9 |J » ft SI | M Inches 40 patterns in" S«ni-porcelain Haviland. 41
COmlOrterS at J>I.Qj. ble beds hemmed Thpv'ra <jnlpnrtM extra quality and extra good, even at 50c. So They're those soft •German made napkin*. . . 1t . - r r
K.25 grade. spreads and 2^neaper now tha£ «SJ what a value It must be at 40c. 20 full pieces, all^ 1 Inen.^ They're^ famous for their washing All are faVOnteS. All are Open Stock. Yotl may get aS fcAV Or aS
ert2; o T2^°nfrhw%effiMY B tt?e"^". hav ' be " IU . . 90c Quality at 75c. Table' "cloths and Napkins to many pieces as you want and pay same rate as by the set complete.
n ¦Di~~W C? n j° C j'°. W C aSe f 8c. - pure white ltnen> 68 inche 8 wide; a heavy Marrii • The pr'lCCS are the lowest ill the city.
Gray Blankets, $4.50. Good standard cases: full sized (as* 8tU ni y .doth with deep border patterns. Match. ¥. *-
40 pairs, light gray, double bed^ize. 65x 36 inches) ; j?ood even if the price is low. Napkins to match. 22 inches square, are They're from Scotland-perhaps the most 1 hOSe are advantages WOrtM tllinking aDOUt.
82 inches, pure wool and full^-pound 12 l-2c Pillow Cases arc also unus- $2 C5 a dozen. . . . . ¦^^^^L£^^SSi»M^M^ "
¦ ual - The manufacturer made them ud ' • .. r\ iv *. 6r.~ a yard B iong.-$2 to $;* 40: 2% yardaiong. «2 50 Thf» HnvilnnH China The Semi-Pnrcpl?iin
- Mottled Blankets, $5.00. ll™ cnds °- f l eetinfr f c h ? d left <T r - 75C 5 L $7 fr^ a »3 y^ 8 t»fdo° 2 en $0 - ** napktM J he MaV a l n 1 ff d CHma ' ' 0 T Celain
Jg™» B— TS. ,,00-^l.r W T1^ c C pSf ow &S«;JJ' *§fgg u - — h - i 2 ya.. wide, heav, all WuC k Towels. ..^ p^ $3 1.50 100 Piece S^t $11.45
b^ B -^ s ?n. la w. 6 w5-S2.f^ i V, a SS 50X36 inches. ' Pattern Damask Cloths. Favome famiiv^s 2 si zea . e] sells' Haviland .China as Any one. can find what thev like
if a mm hadnt a small lot and wanted to Hale'*; Donhlp Warn - v-/~, n 1JtX . lll<x:>^ -, . — ,¦ • I2%c-iox36. . Hale's do. ¦ Not only less than others a mone these 40 oatterns and th,. h,t
dose them *ut. ™ e SiJ ou ble VVarpbheets. . t 68 - They're hemmed, pure white, with red bor- ask>b ut single pieces at same rate as among tnese and the Hale
•White Blankets, $1.68. 213."^?^^°/^^ sheeting. f^^T A Cotton Crash, 6/ 2 C. m^^ " th character- not' a SS^^S^^^-
*"oo -rade. They outwear any other sheet we know 3 yards ion K . $2 40. : ¦ ¦ , . _ ! ¦ Then look at the character: not a just as much or just as little of it as
40 Va£? ™ol and cotton mixed/ C8x72 In. ° f l f W , he " w « *«» >' ou , we S u PP«y They-re- white/ all linen, cloths, bordered all ¦ pure white, fine for roYter towSi; So P°or design, not an off sliaoe. not an they want and pay the least Drices'in the
„ ,,r, • 7^T~ , '1 ?hl% *£ n l? e v,*Sl els 1 . 111 ">«" y° u know around. It's aulte a temptine lot and one we pi^g for special selling:, beginning to-morrow inferior piece— none that the factory -.- ; >^ > uik.cs in me
4-lb White Blankets, $2.25. wanted tS " work off. Even this $.«.» «*/- ' # '.;< .
cr. i.airs. wool and cotton mixed, Cjx76 in. day. ¦••,-.. ¦:\r..-- ' ¦¦:>:¦•,•:•->' • fffssy A&rm&F set is perfect in every respect, thoueli £'-. 5U. 5'4. $15. $--. $27. $^0 up to
white woofiiinkets, ?2 . 9 - fflS::::"«S |||::::::^ <^UiMLMf /W 4» • I'lfe? lhan wc have seen MCOnds " u, m
White WoolTBTankets, $4 . 5 o. ' Sjfcgg "ic^S # M Jg^ - Sftt* "' ™ '"
woirt 5 ib 8 an j are made from good clean A bleached one; heavy quality: suit- "'""'lli'lililM'llllltnMMir^ ¦mr'*^ ud to S6000 for set Q f ido oiecaa i^»i I ?"" .I? t « r l U '
fleecy wool. able for pillow-case bolsters. .-.-.-¦ , """^^^¦¦¦¦¦^^^^^ . . *" «• «SAN FRANCISCO. SUNDAY, OCTOBER 18, 1903.
Borzoi for one-tenth of that price.
Other breeds In Her Majesty's kennels
are Danes, Scotch deerhounds, collies,
rough and smooth Bassett hounds, grey
hounds, bulldogs galore, whippets, pugs,
spaniels and terriers. In spite of the fact
that he Is no longer strictly a "fashion
able" dog. Her Majesty, clings to her love
of the great Dane and has him in her pos
session to the number of half-a-dozen.
Her Majesty's recent photograph, here
with publishea, shows her with the dog
she has most frequently with her. 'It
is a beautiful little Pekinese spaniel, a
graceful, fluffy creature, more like a ball
of flossy silk than anything so' determined
as a dog. Black "pugs" are among the
ty often Indulges In a veritable romp with
Paul and Pansy, but "this only when she
K'.ts them Into the secluded confines of
Sandrlngham's remotest lawns.
It '3 eald that on an average half .the
Queen'p dogs are presented to her. The
other half she buys and the attendant
cost cf keeping up the kennels is esti
mated at not less than $5000 a year.
Having teen how the Queen gets her
dogs and where she keeps them, one thing
remains to be told. Where does she bury
them? Not In the plebeian dog cemetery
adjacent to Hyde Park, frequented by
such common folk as Dukes and Duch
esses, Lords and Ladies, but in a royal
burylng-ground of their own within the
LONDON, Oct 17.— Th» Qoeea of
England owns more dogs than
any other woman In the realm,
and cut of her canine family ehe
recognizes more than fifty as
frleafis. Where ordinary people buy dog
biscuit fcy the box or by the dozen Queen
Alexandra buys them In ten-ton lots and
is manifestly one of the best patrons of
the purveyors of this delicacy. To every
2000 person* In England there are thirty
eight dogs, but in this respect Her Majes
ty has a truly royal advantage over the
average Inhabitant. The Duchess of
Newcastle and Her Grace of Bedford
follow the Queen close as seconds, but
.even these celebrated dog fanciers do not
approach in number the collection of
canines owned by the Queen of England.
- Now, although tb« King teases the
Queen about her numerous pets he is
really ts fond and as proud of
them as she !a. and It la large
ly owing to a suddenly developed
affection on Edward VII's part that
the earre fieg. "Ecottle" by name,
%v£.s rot tent to £t_ Petersburg as
the Queen first intended. She and the
King came upon "Scottie," a wiry lron-
ETay terrier, when yachting off the west
eciist cf Scotland. The Queen's answer
to the King's QueBtlon was: "I think I
ehall give it to Minnie"— "Minnie" being
r.o lesa a person than Her Imperial
Majesty, the Dowager Empress of Rus
e'.a. But In spite of his banter. King
Edward grew to like "Scottie" as well as
the Queea did and does. So "Minnie"
never got the dog. The Dowager Em
press shares Queen Alexandra's love for
animals as do most of the royal ladies
cf Europe, the future Queen of England,
now Princess of Wales, being one of the
exceptions.
Queen Alexandra is considered by pro
fessional Cog-breeders to be far ahead of
the average woman in point of common
tense. In this day of Jeweled collars, fur
coats, pocket handkerchiefs and night
gowns as necessities for dog wear. Queen
Alexandra remains free from such affec
tation. The King dislikes the idea of
dressing up the little animals and Her
Majesty Is said simply to loathe the ab
surdities of the fashion.
None of the Queen's dogs, you may be
*ur*. bathe ia "VIolette de Panne.** nor
got their lives Insured. Her Majesty has
too much true^ sporting Instinct to turn
her flogs into' the likeness of "Punch
sr.d Judy." She does, however, encour
age some of them to do their little tricks.
The poodle, Sam. recently presented by
the Queen to Princess Victoria, her
daughter. Is one of the best tricksters
belonging to the royal family. He is
Her Majesty Never Pampers Her Pets, Which Are of All
Sorts and Sizes, but Has Engaged an Artist
to Make Their Portraits.
QUEEN ALEXANDRA OF ENGLAND MAINTAINS EXTENSIVE PRIVATE
KENNELS AND IS ONE OF THE WORLD'S GREATEST DOG FANCIERS
ENGLAND'S QUEEN AND SOME PICTURES OF HER TAKEN WHILE OCCUPIED WTH THE CANINE PETS
. OF WHICH SHE OWNS MANY ANDAVHICH SHE MAINTAINS IN LUXURY IN THE LARGEST KENNELS
IN GREAT BRITAIN. . \>:±v'-*. -
Pauj and Pansy. Miss Elizabeth Maglll,
the animal painter, : does most of this
work for the Queen. Miss -Maglll is. a
clever Irish woman, a pupil of Carolus
Dunin ard a devotee of Landseer. She
long since painted • the beautiful "Alix"
and her. picture of Queen .Victoria's
donkey, who was so long an inhabitant
of 7 Kensington Gardens, • has been exhib
ited on innumerable occasions. The'pre
sent Queen and Miss Maglll are great
friends. '..,'..' - . . .
Then, there Is Mrs. Gertrude . Massey,
the miniaturist. Mrs. Massey makes
miniatures .of ¦ the ' little dogs while - Miss
Maglll paints the big'ones. ¦ /
• Queen Alexandra freely' admits that
dogs are her , favorite - pets." Even her
whole aviary of birds does not take orece-
the only woman's club ¦ to .which Her
Majesty belongs. She, never misses the
annual opening, of the show and sppoara
daily while.it remains open. The Queen
is ex-officio president of the kennel club,
but has no wish to be In actual fact mure
than the commonest, member. • She- Is re
rorted to : have expressed the wish- that
she could belong , to the club In 'disguise.'
in ort;er that -she \ might enjoy its .pro
fessional- privileges- more fully and . witn
out the undeniable; drawbacks of defir
ence attached to. her as a'royal ia«]y.
It fs not in this land of cere
mony, of \ \ ''gold-sticks-in-watting", arid
such oddly, named offices, to find that Her
Majesty^ has artists, as It; were; in wait
ing to immortalize ••with the brush '¦¦ the
beauties ' of such bulldog celebrities ; as
grounds of Marlborough House, in Pall
Mall. Inscriptions such as these are nu
merous in this queer little graveyard:
Tiny. .
The favorite dog of H. R. H.
The Princess of Wales.
Died 16th March, 1S89.
1 Aged IS months.
Bonny. • >
FaVorite rabbit of
II. R. -II. The Princess of Wales.
Died June 8, 1881.
Fortunately, there have been few addi
tions to the Marlborough House cemetery
since ' Alexandra became Queen, so, the
tombstones all bear the name of the then
Princess of rtVales." ¦
One of the Queen's most practical tri
butes to the love of dogs is the member
uhip in the Ladies' Kennel Club. This is
_^*» ... , ¦ WSBiM
canines often In attendance on Her
Majesty, who is said to like them because
they have such nice table manners and
are rarely greedy. A certain blue whip
pet, the cleverest of greyhounds In mini
ature. Is also beloved of tbe Queen.
It Is, however, as bulldog expert that
Her Majesty has most recently come be
fore the public. She appeared this Beason
for the first time as an exhibitor at the
twenty-ninth show of the Bulldog Club.
Her^ Majesty's renowned dogs, Sandring
ham Paul and Sandringham Pansy, look
ing as unlike either a Paul or a Pansy as
possible, took all the prices in sight
Their skulls were the biggest and squar
est. their Jaw-grip firmest, their ugly
noses most finely turned up and blunted.
"Paul" is the son of "Peter." the King's
favorite dog at Sandringham.
Of the dozens of dogs the Queen owns,
most reside at Sandringham. Kennels
quite elaborate enough for the housing of
men and women occupy a, fine spot on
tbe Sandringham estate, not far fram the
house itself. A score of servants do noth
ing but attend to the Queen's kennels.
The sanitation of the doghouses is per
fect. Her Majesty visits them while in
residence at Sandrlneham with clock-like
regularity every morning after breakfast.
She will have no regal preparation mado
for her visits (such as carpets on' the
kennel steps), or any care taken which
reduces the feeling of professionalism
with which the Queen endeavors to breed
dOgS. .Vi.'/wt •
Clad In short skirt, high boots, plain
"turban" hat and a black veil, the Queen
of England visits her puppies with ' the
simplicity of greatness. Her view of tha
kennels Is frequently followed by a waik
through Sandringham Park, when a dog
is nearly always selected to make. the tour
with his royal mistress. Her Majcs-
the particular joy of "the little Waleses."
Prince Eddie most of all. This grand
eon of the King delights In "Bam," who
c&n beg, run errands, balance biscuits on
his nose, toss them Into the air and
catch them again, "file for his country"
and Co the cakewalk, not to mention
half-a-dozen other entertaining things.
So averse Is Queen Alexandra to the
foolish display of dog worship that she
teldom takes even her most precious pets
with her when walking or driving. The
dogs always In residence with Her
Majesty are given dally exercise by the
grooms. This eight may be Been in the
neighborhood of Buckingham Palace fre
quently. Some of the dogs are on foot,
others in bird-caee-llke baskets, others
In arms. The latter are tender breeds,
and these temporarily too delicate to be
trusted on their own legs.
Hounds f.gure more largely than dogs
of any other species in the Queen's col-
Ipc-Uon. The death of her famous "Alix."
ihe wonderful white Russian wolfhound.
removed from Her Majesty's kennels the
most remarkable specimen of the dog
world she has ever possessed. It is said
that a certain dog dealer is now endeav
oring to find a fitting successor to the
graceful "Alix," but has so far been
unsuccessful.
In common with Her Grace the* Duchess
ef Newcastle, that sportswoman equally
lamous on both sides of the Atlantic, the
Queen Joves Borzois, generally admitted
to be the most fashionable dogs of the
moment. The favorite Borzois In the
Queen's kennels are white with fawn
markings. elim. unobtrusive dogs of the
Bize and family of the Scotch deerhound.
Most of those belonging to the Queen
have been purchased at the rate of $50!)
each, but it is possible to buy a good
ry, as well as a dozen prominent English
people whose names are for the present
withheld, will support the Institute soon
to be founded and from which the "cure"
doctrines, are to be disseminated through
out Europe. Carl H. Fowler, son of Bish
op Fowler of the Methodist church ia
America, Is now In London arranging the
opening of the institute on behalf of the
parent organization in America, among
the directors of which are Bishop Pot
ter, Bishop Fowler. Jose Aymar, Chaun
cey Depew, Senator Hanna. Rev. P. S.
Henson, Rev. C. H. Parkhurst. Admiral
Dewey. Lyman G. Gage and Mrs. Donald
McLean. Dr. J. E. Price of Tonkers, N.
Y., is also in London on business connect
ed with the institute. He and his wife
are stopping at the Cecil Hotel and will
remain here' a month longer.
William E. Curtis, who with bis nephew
arrived la London from Washington two
weeks ago, starts on his long Journey to
India via Egypt next week. Mr. Curtis
has been stopping at the Victoria Hotel.
London, and has been devoting most of
his time to some, close study of European
politics preparatory to the writing he ex
pects to do In India and the Asiatic coun
tries he will visit en route home.
Dr. and Mrs. Harper of the University
of Chicago, who have returned to Amer
ica, accomplished something while
abroad this time of greatest importance
to the university. While in Constantino
ple Dr. Harper secured from the Sultan
permission to send representatives of tha
University of Chicago to make certain
explorations and literary researches In
Babylon" This permission has never teen
granted to any one before and Dr. Har
per went home Jubilant.
T. B. Wanamaker, Mrs. Wanamaker
and Miss Wanamaker of Philadelphia
have arrived In London from the Conti
nent and expect to remain for a week or
more before sailing home.
as to dog societies. Her Majesty's name
appears in connection with every one of
them.
It is not generally known that the fa
miliar sign in London omnibuses. "Out
of consideration for the horses, kindly
stop the omnibus as seldom as possible,"
waa placed there at the original sugges
tion of the Queen herself. It seems that
some one had described to her the exi
gencies of omnibus travel from the horses*
point of view. Her Majesty thought the
matter over, consulted the Humane So
dety-and tf>* «i*ns went u»
LONDON, Oct. 17.— When Eleanor
Calhoun, the California actress,
was married a few months ago to
Laczarovitch, the Servian leader,
who had the refusal of his country's
throne before it was offered to Kara
georgevitch—she still thought she might
some day return to the stage. She has
now, however, abandoned all such ambi
tions and has thrown herself enthusias
tically into assisting her husband with his
political writings and into looking after
his three children.; So Mrs. Laczarovitch
will obviously be brought Into close sym
pathy with the ups and downs ofSenrta.
It will be remembered that Laczarovitch,
according to his own statement, waa ap
proached by certain Servians prior to the
massacre of King Alexander and Queen
Draga and - was * asked .to^ .accept the
throne aa next in line of succession should
the , plot prosper. Laczarovitch, however,
having no desire to rule the kingdom, not
only refused to be a candidate, but left
we country. It was then be j came to
London, met the American girl and mar
ried her. The Laczarovitch ea are ' now
living In unpretentious quarters near
Westminster Abbey. Both intend to write
on matters political. •:,*- •
Laczarovitch is much sought at present
as an authority on the Macedonian ques
tion.
Mrs. Laczarovitch Is' a favorite with
the ladles of the American embassy. Her
unique scheme for staging Shakespearean
plays attracted wide attention at one
time and won the interest of Mrs. Henry
White, wife of the first secretary at the
embassy. Owing to insufficient capital
Miss Calhoun was obliged to abandon her
project. . '
Lady Henry . Somerset has found a new
outlet for her interest in temperance. Sho
has given over her private temperance
hospital In London for demonstrations of
the Oppenhelmer drink cure. Lady Hen-
dence In her affect'ons. The birds, how
ever,' for some reason had the preference
during the recent royal visit to Ireland.
The Queen , and Princess Victoria each
took in their retinue a favorite songster.
The cages were neatly done up in linen
and' occupied a secluded portion of the
royal train. But none of Her Majesty's
net dogs happened to get the trip.
Cats 'are rather far down In the line of
royal favor; rabbits distinctly : well up.
Horses Her Majesty loves dearly. She
has taken great interest in cab-horse-so
cieties and the omnibus «ue&tiaa: while
Eleanor Oalhoun, Who Married Laczarovitch,
Servian Leader, Will Aid Her Husband.
/ . —
AMERICAN GIRL LEAVES STAGE
AND EMBRACES HIGH POLITICS
Pages 45 to 48
Pages 45 to 48Doings of Stage
People in the
Everyday World
A season of six weeks of Italian opera
will be a feature in Paris beginning next
May. Once Paris had its regular Theatre
Italien, devoted to performances of opera
in Italian and supported by the best lyric
artists that could be secured, but latterly
this form of musical art has not flour
ished in Paris. As an odd circumstance
it may be noted that the Parisians look
forward as to a novelty to the perform
ances of Boito's "Mefistofele" and Pon
chielli's "Gioconda," neither of which
has been given at the Opera.
Marie Geistinger, the comic opera singer
and actress who died recently in Austria,
once the reigning operatic star in Vienna
and also favored by Offenbach for the
spirit with which she sang some of his
sprightly music, was equally successful
in comedy and tragedy. She toured the
United States as late as 1S97. •
On September 13 seventy-five years had
elapsed since the arrival in Berlin of a
young man who was destined to revolu
tionize pianoforte music — Frederic Chopin,
at that time 20 years old. His father had
sent him to Berlin in charge of Professor
Jarocki, and the trip from Warsaw by
stage had taken five days. He remained
in the city two weeks, and never had
occasion to return to it. He had oppor
tunities, however, to meet Mendelssohn,
Spontini, Zelter and other prominent mu
sicians of • the time during his brief so
journ. The music he heard— Handel's "St.
Cecilia," Spontini's "Cortez," Cimarosa'a
"Secret Wedding," etc. — has long since
disappeared from the repertory. Thera
were many thlnes abo.ut Berlin which he
liked, but the women he did not admire
at all. "It Is not true," he wrote to his
sister, "that the Berlin women dress with
taste; undoubtedly they like to adorn
themselves,' but I am sorry for the beau
tiful material wasted on such puppets."
thoven is the nucleus around
which the works of other authors will be
gathered, but there are novelties. A sym
phony by Witkowski will be given for the
first time. Two symphonies, respectively
by Dukas and Guy Ropartz, will be heard;
also the four symphonies of Schumann,
tha last five by Mozart, the fourth of
Brahms and the second of Borodine.
Among the symphonic poems will be two
by Liszt, the "Preludes" and "Orphee"
and "Death and Transfiguration," by
Richard Strauss. The second orchestral
suite on "Namouna" will be revived.
Wagner will be represented by the third
act, in concert form, of "Die Gotterdam
merung." Berlioz will be remembered by
"The Damnation of Faust" and "Sym
phonle Fantastique." The modern school
will be represented by works of Breville,
Busser, Erlanger, Le Borne, Lavade and
Lutz. Among those who are engaged are
Van Dyck, Hugo Hermann, Felix Wein
gartner, De Greef, Hubermann and Mes
dames Jeanne Raunay, Katchowska and
Taliero-Delacroz.
THERE Is some richness in the an
nouncements for the Lamou
reux concerts in Paris, to be
conducted by Chevillard. Bee-
Mascagni will need to look to his laurels
as the man at work on the most master
pieces at one time. Edmund Rostand is
reported to be at his home, at Cambo,
with seven plays under way.
Mrs. Carter Harrison's book of fairy
tales. "Prince Silver Wings," has been
dramatized in three acts and seven gor
geous scenes and is called a musical fairy
spectacle.
An important event of the musical sea
son will be the concerts by the complete
orchestra of the Metropolitan Opera
house of New York City under the direc
tion of J. S. Duss, and with Nordica as
one of the soloists. Mrs. Katharine Fisk.
the contralto, and Nahan Franko, the
violinist, also accompany this organiza
tion on the tour. The concerts will be
Riven at the Alhambra. the first being
on Tuesday night. October 27, when Nor
dica will be the soloist, and a great pro
gramme will be rendered, including the
wonderful orchestration of Weber's "In
vitation to the Dance." by Weingaertner;
the march. "With Pomp and Circum
stance." composed for King Edward's
coronation by Edward Elgar; the over
ture to Goldmark's "Cricket on the
Hearth," Introduction to "Parsifal" and
other new works. Nordica will sing two
grand arias and a few numbers with
piano accompaniment for encores. Tues
day afternoon will be a popular concert
of excellent works. Including the suite to
"Lorna Doone," by Nevin, and solos by
Mme. Katharine Flsk, the great contralto
and Franko. the solo violinist. Thursday
n!ght win be under the auspices of the
Twentieth Century Music Club. For the
first time one of the Richard Strauss
tone poems. "Don Juan." will be pre
sented. Other numbers on this programme
will be tha "Dream Pantomime^* from
VHaer.se! and Gretel," "The Dance or tha
Sunfeast" CVmerlcan Indian), by Waller
and other great works. Mme. Fisk will
sing the beautiful aria, "Softly Awakens
My Heart" from "Samson and Delilah "
and "A Summer's Night." by Goring
Thomas, with violoncello obligato by Paul
Miersch. Nahan Franko, the violin so
loist, will play "Theme and Variations "
by Corelll. The same programme will be
played at Stanford University on Tues
day afternoon. October 27. The Friday
matinee will be the farewell concert and
an immense programme will be rendered
with Nordica and Franko as soloists On
Wednesday night the entire organization.
with Nordloa as soloist, will aDD«ir et
the Macdoaough Theater in Oakland.
Richard Strauss* symphony, which ho
expects to complete this year, will b«
known as "Slnfonia Domestica," Hia
last work, "Talifer," for soli, chorus and
orchestra, will be performed in Heidelberg
this month, in recognition of the fact that
Heidelberg University recently mads
Strauss an honorary Ph. D.
Orchestras will be almost superabund
ant in New York next season. The sym
phony orchestra, which was founded by
Walter Damrosch ten years ago, will bo
revived for a series of concerts to ba
given on Sunday afternoons by Mr. Dam
rosch. -
audience forthwith. Whenever
they so willed it some of the most hard
ened sinners in the city and county of
San Francisco wept like watering carts.
I went out to see the aggregation and
know whereof I speak. In a chair near
me sat a man, CO years old if a day,
known in several clubs for an inordinate
thirst, a politician, a man of business,
•who would balk at an Intimation that ha
had any sentiment. From his eyes, in the
death scene in "Lady Bountiful," a little
ealty moisture stole. Presently it oozed
with accumulating volume. It salted a
nose that long ago reddened into fast and
imperishable ruddiness. It slid down his
cheeks and dropped like a glass bead upon
his otherwise immaculate raiment. The
three rainmakers had turned the faucet.
Monday evening was a great time for
the lachrymal glands. Damsels pulled out
enough handkerchiefs to convey the Im
pression .that they were preparing to give
the newcomers in the stock company an
innocuous Chautauqua salute. But the
truth is that the girls all came with the
jileasing anticipation of having a delicious
cry. The rainmakers furnished the op-
I>ortunity and excuse and the audience did
the rest.
The rainmakers axe of three radically
different physical types, and their men
talities will not need to be labeled to pre
vent confusion as to identity. There i3
Miss Adele Block, leading lady, tall, with
<3ark sparkling eyes, checks that health
has painted with roses, supple, subtle,
strong of will, assertive— a charming fig
ure on the stage, and not less attractive
seen at closer range. Her hair is dark,
and even It bespeaks vitality.
Frances Starr has not the air of com
mand; entreaty, modest self-deprecation
and mild surprise sit ever as guests In her
mental make-up. Her eyes are blue.
There is a little dimple in her girlish chin!
V»'hen she smiles It is more dimply. Moods
Ktrn to sail at will through her mental
firmament as freely as clouds athwart a
blue summer sky. They are always, in
Infinite variety, at ea*y command. She
can assume any at will. For recreation
ehe lets them ordinarily coast as they
ir.ay, gathering here a glimpse of sun
shine, there a shadow, and her own tears
snd smiles are as responsive as the clouds
to the varying hues of sunset.
She has been but four years on the
stage. She had no preliminary training
attended no dramatic school; yet here sho
is making people cry. Clearly tempera
mental volatility Is the base of that phe
nomenon. She Is the greatest rainmaker
of the bunch.
The third of the rainmakers is James
Durkin. He weighs 1S5 pounds. He i 3
fond of horses, dogs, handball, football;
if you please, an athletic provoker of
tears. On the stage as he appear? in
"Lady Bountiful" as the riding master
his outer husk of riding habit makes him
look heavy enough to make sway-backed
any animal less than a Clydesdale draft
horse. Off the stage, in everyday haMli
mmts, he shrinks in bulk and is simply
Vfll-kr.it and athletic.
He is possessed of strong opinions con-
THE dramatic event of the week
was the advent of three rainmak
ers at the Alcazar. They took
command of the emotions of the
cerning stage "business"; not disinclined
to discuss the probability or lack of prob
ability contained in the lines of the dra
matic authors whose existences have sup
plied him incidentally with roles.
Frances Starr confesses to being just
20. She does not look, off the stage, to fie
a day older. One might guesa 18. When
asked for definite information she said
simply and without annoyance that she
was 20 years old. •
Miss Block is a Bostoniin and made her
dt:but in "The Girl I Left Behind Me :> as
Kate Kf nnion. She played three years in
Albaugh's stock company at Baltimore,
at the Grand Opera-house stock in New
Orleans and the Davidson stock theater in
Milwaukee. She was with E. H. Sothern
one season at Daly's Theater in New
York in "The King's Musketeer" and
"The Song of the Sword." Then she
played as Iras, the Egyptian girl, in
"Ben Hur" at the Broadway Theater.
New York. She has been Glory Quayle In
"The Christian" and was leading woman
with Henrietta Crcsman, during which
time she appeared in "The Sword of the
King" and "Mistress Nell" and Celia In
"As You Like It." Miss Block says that
her preliminary training was at Wheat
croft's Dramatic School in New York.
Her favorite role is that of Maslova in
"Resurrection."
Miss Starr says that she first appeared
with an Albany stock company four
years ago. She then went 'to New York
as ingenue in the Murray Hill stock com
pany, then before a San Francisco au
dience at the Alcazar.
"I am an only child," she eays. "My
father Is dead. I felt, like any girl, that
I would like to do something to support
myself. I started In the Bond stock com
pany with a small part In Albany, in
which city I was born. Before going Into
the stock company I had appeared in two
amateur plays.
"But here I am talking about myself.
I do not like to do that, for it sounds ego
tistical. After the engagement at Albany
I went to Frohman's stock company in
New York. I was three years with the
Murray Hill stock company. You see
there is nothing to tell."
In the comparatively short experience
of Miss Starr she has played as Phyllis
Lee in "The Charity Ball," as the horsey
girl In "Hearts Aflame," as Wilbur's Ann
in "The Girl I Left Behind Me," Lisbeth
in "In Mizzoura," Sybil in "The Dancing
Girl," Simplicity Johnson In "Lovers'
Lane." Lydia Languish In "The Rivals"
and as "Jane Eyre."
It was Interesting to hear the three
principal actors in the cast discuss the
Lady Bountiful death scene. They calm
ly dissected various phases of Pinero's
play. Seldom is a chance afforded for
such frank expressions for the benefit of
the public that never goes behind the
scenes. ,
Miss Starr, who as Margaret dies on
the stage, said quite simply and directly
that she was always affected by the death
scene. She was frequently moved to real
tears by it. It produces fatigue from
which she would suffer if she were not
naturally robust.
She believes, she says, that the audi
ence prefers to be sorrowful. Sad books
catch the popular fancy. Sad scenes on
the stage bring out the deepest applause.
The deepest weeper is — the matinee girl!
She best likes to cry!
The first striking and impressive cir-
A correspondent of the New York Mall
and Express describes a Bayreutn audi
ence, in an unconventional way, but the
sketch may be pleasing to readers. Omit
ting any discussion of the musical fea
ture, the writer says that a feeling of awe
crept over him even before the opera be
gan. "And how the audience contrasts
with a Metropolitan gathering. It has
truthfully, been said that the courts of
Europe could not summon more splendor
and wealth than the ¦ Metropolitan on a
gala night. /At Bayreuth only a low. mur
mur, of conversation Is heard, the one
topic being ; the opera itself— whether
Kraus , is'.going to sing or not, whether
Ternina is the best Kundry, and the like.
Then he throws** himself down beside
his dead wifa and his head is on the ta-
The wife has changed her position. The
"sleep deeper than sleep" is upon her.
Her outstretched hand falls rigidly on the
table beside her and remains motionless.
Her face becomes drawn and dead. The
irrevocable facial change has never been
more closelv mimed.
Donald goes to her swiftly and touches
her hand.
"Mag," he says, hoarsely; "Mag, don't
leave me like this."
The wife looks on and smiles. The hus
band talks cheerily to the baby about
the better days to soon come to them all.
He is absorbed in this talk— and In smok
ing! frA
"How loud the clock ticks!" he sud
denly exclaims.
Then the final scene between the hus
band and wife is prepared and moves for
ward. There is some preliminary conver
sation that leads toward the climax. The
pillows are rearranged in the chair for
the comfort of the wife. She will He there
and hear Donald talk to the baby, she
says. He will sit where she can see him.
From the programme the audience knows
that there is a death scene. But Donald
must get a pipe to smoke while he talks
to the baby. Lighting a pipe is slow
work. Finally Donald sits by the cradle
and turns it so that the baby can see a
clock that has suddenly begun a very
loud tickinc.
She takes from her own neck a costly
chain and locket and places the chain
around the neck of the baby for a keep
sake. She has added about all the gloom
she can to the situation so far as mak
ing a mental condition for the audience
is concerned.
"Often I have a sleep that is not really
a sleep," she eays brokenly. "It may
be some time so deep that when they
come to me I shall not wake up." \
Lady Bountiful kisses her, takes tha
letter, then devotes herself to the new
baby in the cradle.
The wife, who has been ill for some
weeks, "Is to come downstairs to-day for
the first time." The bankrupt and feeble
father of the bride, an old and broken
man, disappointed with the world, says
in a shaking voice that "it will bo like
old times." The tearful mother of the
wife and the hero-husband perform all
the premonitory/ little offices of love to
make the room more cheerful for the.In
valid. They procure the favorite roses
from their scanty funds. They place fruit
In a dish. The scanty cushions of the
house are gathered and tucked and patted
to make the chair the wife is to sit in
seem the softer.
When all is ready the husband brings
in the wife in his athletic arms and
places her in the' cushioned chair. The
family welcome her. The Lady Bounti
ful enters. She disposes of the husband
and the others by scnaing them away for
a time and so leaves tne way clear for
contributing her large share to the at
mosphere of foreboding.
The eick wife has been jealous of her.
Still is, although she declares to the con
trary. She must have the Lady Bounti
ful in her rich attire and in the bloom of
health stand before her that she may,
even In this time of illness, see why Lady
Bountiful had been loved by her hus
band in his earlier days. She draws the
Lady Bountiful to her, feverishly con
fesses her jealousy, writes a letter to her
husband— which she reads aloud to the
audience— to be given to him by the Lady
Bountiful in the event of. "her own death.
In this ghe writes that no shadow of her
is to come between the husband and Lady
Bountiful when she is dead.
cumstance in the death scene in "Lady
Bountiful" is that the surroumlings all
indicate poverty. The hero, who was
reared in affluence, has turned his back
to Lady Eountiful and has married, from
a 6ense of duty, a poor girl, the daughter
of a riding master. To them a child Is
born.
"Simply because," said the young lady
with the blue eyes, "my hand was cold
and rigid when I let it fall on the table."
In this Is the argument for and against
the lines of Pinero, or it may be the edict,
of the stage manager for what appears.
The point has not been lost on the audi
ences of the week. The element of prob
ability in this regard may now form a
theme for some after-theater discussion—
thereby prolonging the agony!
Do actresses haunt hospitals to study
death scenes? How did Miss Starr learn
how to counterfeit reality In death so
grimly?
"I have never seen any one die," she
said. "If my face really looks dead on
the stage I am glad of It! I never studied
death, but I think of it a great deal."
More disquieting to the public, to whom
sham is made to seem so actual by the
stage people, may be the fact that Mr.
Durkin and Miss Block, who appear on the
stage to have been long-time lovers, dif
fer radically in opinion as to Whether
Donald was really in love with Lady
Bountiful at first.
"I don't think that he was," saya Miss
Block decidedly.
"Yes, he was," says Mr. Durkin with
equal decision.
"Then why did he not return to the
old life when she invited him?"
"He wished to go. He couldn't then,
for it was too late, for he 'had promised
to marry Margaret."
"Then he never loved Margaret?"-'
"Yes, he really loved her." [
"Then," inquires Lady Bountiful, "how
could he ever have married Lady Bounti
ful after the death of Margaret?".
"He has been away for years. Seeing
her In the old chapel, where as children
they had knelt together, the influence of
the old time was on him and the old love
for her took possession of him strongly."
Lady Bountiful is silenced, but does
not look convinced.
"And what fiay you, Miss Starr; how
could the husband so soon conclude that
you were dead— just by touching your
hand once?"
Darkness falls suddenly on the scene.
Darkness and 'then a fiasn of light, then
darkness and momentary light alternat
ing for a few seconds, and then the cur
tain finally falls on the scene.
"It is wrong." says Mr. Durkin, the
husband in this scene. "It is not nat
ural. The first Impulse of the husband
under the circumstances would be to call
for assistance. The next would be to find
out whether the wife that he loved was
really dead. He would not take It so
easily for granted. Oh, yes, he loved his
wife at the end, although he did not at
the beginning. He had learned to love
her. He was grieved at her death, deep
ly BO."
ble, pillowed on his outstretched arms
while he sobs. , t
New York has an Idea of great utility
to the people from outside towns who
come" 7 in to attend theaters. This is a
large placard placed at the theater en
trance giving the time of departure of
th'e various , theater trains on the subur
ban railroads. Nearly, every railroad in
New York has its theater traliu*.
Eleanor Robson has. two new plays, a
dramatization by Israel Zangwlll of his
own book, "Merely Mary Ann" and an
original play by Mrs. Humphry Ward
and Louis N. Parker, entitled "Agatha."
An act has been added to "Merely Mary
Ann" to solve the question left unan
swered by the book, "Did he marry her?"
"The Proud Prince," a play by Justin
Hutnley McCarthy, in which E. H. Soth
ern is playing in New York, is based
upon Longfellow's poem "King Robert of
Sicily." The poem tells how Robert was
for his impiety transformed from King to
court fool and in rags suffered many hu
miliations before his pride was humbled.
The lack of a love story in the poem has
been supplied by the playwright.
The Chicago Chronicle tells of three
young European musicians who have
come to Chicago to study music In the
windy city. This reversal of all musical
'precedent is accounted for on the ground
that they have followed a favorite violin
teacher in London. Two are from London
and one from Berlin. They say frank
ly that when they proposed to come to
America to continue their musical edu
cation their fellow pupils in London were
greatly astonished and did not believe
them to be in earnest.
The version of "Old Heidelberg" In
which. Richard Mansfield Is appearing in
New York as Prince Karl Helnrich is the
same that ran In England and on the
Continent. It is in five acts. The role of
Mansfield is that of a Prince who after a
youth choked with the etiquette and
fiunkeyism of a small court, having com
pleted his education, goes to Heidelberg
to take a doctor's degree and enjoy a
breath of life. Here he falls in love with
a fraulein, and sentiment and comedy rise
out of the # romance. One scene prepared
fcr the New York production shows Heid
elberg with the colorful life of the stu
dent corps. Nearly one hundred students
appear, and the action is enlivened with
the old German songs of the unlverslty
men.
• * *
De Wolf Hopper is arranging material
for a little volume, so says the Chicago
Tribune, that will deal with the hotel
landlord. "In the book, which will be en.
titled 'Landlords Who Have Met Me,' he
will give some important recipes for one
night stand coffee, and various rules and
regulations for proper conduct in hotels
in small towns which have been impressed
upon his mind. The Pullman porter comes
in for a share of description under the
general title of 'landlord.' Slippery elm
towels, the unerring whisk broom and
early morning calls are mentioned among
the Joys of life in a Pullman car."
Where are all the diamonds, fusa and
feathers characteristic of a New York
audience? They are conspicuous by their
absence. The vast throng is composed of
music lovers assembled to drink in every
note, and not that they may be seen.
Many a poor student has denied himself
or herself the necessities of life to be able
to realize the ambition of hearing Wag
ner's greatest opera. The men are dressed
in their business suits, the women In their"
'tailor-mades,' with flannel shirtwaists,
but they are all perfectly happy and
greedy to hear every word and note. The
opera may be staged as well, possibly
even super as well, in New York, but
Manhattan cannot hope to reproduce "the
atmosphere of the place and the crowd."
TWO PRETTY MEMBERS OF A LOCAL STOCK COMPANY WHO DURING THE PAST WEEK HAVE CAUSED THE
MORBID PLAYGOER MUCH SWEET SORROW AND WHO HAVE MARKED SUCCESS IN THE HEAVY RAIN
FALL FROM MANY SYMPATHETIC EYES. . \
THE SAN FKAKCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, OCTOBER IS, 1903.
46
WITH THE
PLAYERS
AND THE
MUSIC
FOLKPERSONS WELL KNOWN IN
SAN FRANCISCO CHARITA
BLE SOCIETIES.
Juniors and Daughters.
THE Daughters of Liberty and Ju
nior Order of United American Me
chanics of this city are making ar
rangements for a joint social evening to
be given In Mission Opera Hall on tha
night of November 7. A joint committee
is arranging the details and it Is expected
that it will surpass anything previously
given by these two associations.
Stanford Parlor had two candidates to
initiate at its] meeting October 6. On Fri
day, October' 30, thisrarlor will have a
theater party, at Fischer's, and on the
The proceedings of the last Grand Par
lor have been issued. They form a book
of more than 500 pages full of general and
statistical information that is .valuable
to all members of the order. It has been
carefully prepared and compiled by Hen
ry Lunstedt, the grand ' secretary.
Caucusing for those who will be suit
able officers for the next term is in order
in the various parlors at this time.
THERE Is a prospect that a new par
lor will soon be organized -in Lom
poc.
Native Sons.
Altahmos Tribe cf the I. O. R. M. has
decided to give its seventh annual ban
quet in the Call Cafe on the evening of;
December 7.
YOSEMITE COUNCIL of the Degree
of Pocahontas gave Its first en
tertainment of the season on th«
evening of October 13 In Woodmen's Hall.
Alameda. Among those who were engaged
for that evening were Billy Hynes, the
comic entertainer; Miss Rose Harrison,
who appeared in her specialties; Ed Eck
ert. the popular barytone, and Marion
Moore Seagreave. who gave a select read-
Ing. The programme closed with Indian
tableaux and dancing.
The Red Men.
The San Francisco Relief Committee
paid a fraternal visit recently to Bay
City Lodge and also to Presidio Lodge.
At each place the visitors were well re
ceived and a pleasant and instructive
evening was spent. This association wili
pay a visit to Templar Lodge of the Re
bekahs on - the evening of October 17, by
special request. ' .
The San Francisco Rebekah Drill Corps
has returned from Paso Robles covered
with -'glory and pleased with the fact that
WILDEY ENCAMPMENT, Inde
pendent Order of Odd Fellows,
celebrated the' fortieth anniver
sary of its institution by an entertain
ment, dance and banquet recently jn the
banquet hall of the Odd Fellows' build
ing. There were many present, who spent
a very pleasant evening.- \''<-
On Wednesday, October 14, Oriental Re
bekah Lodge moved Into Its new quar
ters in the Memorial Hall of the Odd Fel
lows' building and on that occasion will
have a house warming. The farce and
dance which this lodge was to have giv
en on the date previously announced has
been postponed until October 21, when it
will be given in the Memorial Hall of the
I. O. O. F. building. The farce is entitled
"Hilario Jocundl." . •
Odd Fellowship.
THE entertainment given by Starr
King Chapter of the Order of the
Eastern Star in Golden Gate Hall
recently was a delightful function, that
was greatly appreciated by as many peo
ple as could find place on the main floor
and in the galleries of the building. The
programme Included the following num
bers: Overture, orchestra; address, I. B.
Schantz; specialties, Maud Sharp and
Queenie Tilton: vocal solo. C. R. Mont
gomery; violin solo. Alfred F. Worbes;
duet ("Trovatore"), Mrs. Zelda Lewis
Glaser and M. McCurdo; whistling solo,
Frank Stafford; Jewel song ("Faust"),
Leonora L. Goodman. *,
The feature . of the evening was the
violin playing of Alfred F. Worbes, a
former resident of the State of Wash
ington, who for many years in his former
home was the musical leader in Masonic
affairs. His performance on the violin
was loudly applauded and he was recalled
three times. The function, which was fol
lowed by i dancing, was conducted under
the supervision of the following named
committees: Committee of arrangements-
Henry Mayer (chairman), . Adelaide
Hickle, Cella Mayer, Charles Llbby,
Katherine Libby; floor manager— O. L.
Blackman, assisted by Frank Vanatta,
Joseph Goodman, O. H. Hickie, I. L.
David, I. Goldman, H. F. Wright; recep
tion ¦- committee — Emma E. Goodman
(chairman),^ Dora A. Wright, Carrie Van
atta. Zelda Glaser. Helena Cohen. Jennie
Eastern Star.
Steinberg, the mascot of the parlor. Re
freshments were served during the even
ing. This parlor has arranged for an
open meeting on .the last Thursday of
each month. <
Mrs. A. C. Milliken. a past president
of Mauna Loa Parlor of Fort Jones has
sent to ex-Grand President Keith a mag
nificent rug mounted with head and claws
on. It measures seven feet in length
This gift waa accompanied with a note
expressing admiration of the recipient aa
a grand officer.
Delia Rose and Leona Condy, the lat
ter the daughter of Grand Trustee L. M
Condy of Angels, a member of Princess
Parlor, were in thi3 city recently. .
Past Grand President Mrs. Ema Gett
of Sacramento was in this city visiting her
mother. On October 6. she was the guest
of Miss I. M. Kervan at the California
Club and on the Sth she was entertained
at dinner by Past President Lena H.
Mills and at night was accompanied to
a theater party by Miss Kervan. .
AVinona Parlor of Arcata on October. 6
Native Daughters.
ONE of the local parlors, N. D. G.
W., has come to the conclusion that
the old saying, "Figures do not
lie," may be correct, but that they are
sometimes confusing. There was a charge
some time ago that the figures presented
at tho present session of the Grand Par
lor as to the accounts of the order were
not as they should be and a motion was
made that the grand treasurer be asked
to furnish "the correct figures." Tho
Krand treasurer did furnish a statement,
but it proved a confusion of figures, so
confusing that it was thought best to
return them with a request for a further
explanation. The figures that were pre
sented at the Grand Parlor showing the
financial condition of the Grand Parlor
were from the report of Grand Treasurer
Hammerly and were adopted by that
body.
At a recent meeting of Gabrielle Par
lor No. 123, Gabrielle Gress and Sadie
Osterman, organizers of the parlor, pre
sented to it a handsome silk Ameri
can flag. Past Grand President Eliza D.
Keith making an eloquent patriotic pre
sentation speech. The flag was received
on behalf of the parlor by the president
thereof. This was followed by a patriotic
song by Mrs. Bates, a reading by Ollie
Woods, the whistling of "The Star Span
gled Banner" by Mrs. Cordie Wetjen
Steinberg, a talk on "The Origin of the
Flag" by Mrs. Schniedewind, a select
reading by Lisette Wetjen, recitation by
Lizzie Stanton and short talks by Nellie
Mulcay, the district deputy; Miss Mulcay
of Las Tarrossas, and then the presenta
tion of a silver knife, fork and spoon, to
the infant child of Mrs. Cordle Wetjen
LIBERTY LODGE of the Knights ot
Honor had three applications to act
upon. Saxon Lodge also had thro*
applications for membership.
The several lodges of the city have not
reported a suspension during the last
thirty days.
The loss by death during September was
the smallest in many years, 140. Of this
number seven occurred In California. All
claims were paid for September and the
assessment that was collected during that
month left a surplus of $164,000.
There was a meeting of the grand of
ficers last week, when plans were adopted
for the extension of the order In this city
and In the Interior.
Knights of Honor.
celebrated the second anniversary of Its
institution and flag day by an "at home,"
at which there was presented a pro
gramme of .entertainment appropriate to
both occasions.
The whist tournament in the hall of
Piedmont Parlor of Oakland was a suc
cess in every sense of the word. The com
mittee that had the matter in charge—
Mrs. Gertrudo Biber, chairman— was un
tiring In its efforts to make the affair
pleasant for all, and in this it was suc
cessful.
On the evening of the first Saturday in
October Beulah Chapter had a well at
tended ice cream social In its hall. South
San Francisco. There was a pleasing pro
gramme of entertainment and then a
dance. .,' '¦¦':"
Mission Chapter at its meeting on the
last Saturday In September elected eight
applicants to membership and after tho
close of the chapter had a social hour.
A feature was a mock marriage for the
entertainment of the .members and visit
ors. Refreshments were served. Mrs.
Mary Garston Foster, secretary for a
number of years, will leave for the East
about October 22 and make her permanent
home there.
Wright, Sarah David, Estella Blackman,
Essie Colton.
any of the order visit It and it will always
do what It can to make it fraternally
pleasant for visitors.
San Francisco Temple of the Rathbone
Sisters has appointed Mesdames M. E. C.
Maida. C. Olney. Siddie P. Daggert,
Emma Schofield Blackwell anfl Lawberre
a committee to arrange for a night in the
Chutes for the* benefit of the temple's
fund for the sick.
The order in this State has lost In the
death of Frederic H. Hastings, a member
of California Council No. 530, one of the
most energetic and earnest workers it has
ever had. The order In this city, through
the San Francisco Cabinet, some time ago
recognized his worth and work for the
order by presenting him a magnificent set
of resolutions beautifully engrossed. His
remains were followed to the grave by
Apollo Lodge of the I. O. O. F.. of which
he was a member, and by the San Fran
cisco Cabinet and California Council of
the National Union.
National Union.
THE official visit of the San Francisco
Cabinet of the National Union to
Yosemite Council No. 29 was a very
pleasant affair. One candidate was obli
gated and held for the large class initia
tion in December. The speaker of the
evening on behalf of the cabinet waa Jo
seph A. Wilson, ex-president of El Capi
tan Council, who dwelt upon the events
that are to take place In this city
during the early part of Decem
ber, when President Jeffrls will pay an
official - islt to the local councils. The
council was also addressed by E. H.
Hills, president of the San Francisco
Cabinet. After the closing of the council
there was served a collation and there
was an hour's entertainment for all.
At the last held meting of Eureka
Lodge all officers were present as u«ual
It is a remarkable fact that the officers of
this lodge are always on duty on meeting
rights. There was work in the confer
ring of the rank in the amplified form
and it was done in the most perfect man
ner. The lodge Is always pleased to have.
All arrangements have been completed
for tbe ceremonial session of the D O
« IC ,^<* "W IS tO l? e held In p nh!an CasU«
in this city on the evening of October 24.
A ft?ivf2 , cf ovates has ***»> secured
f» n iiii St^SS l l not "» ln^resting one
It will not be the fault of "those who will
have the management thereof
San Francisco Company of the Uniform
Rank wii entertain its members and
0?era^Ton^X^ h ° W * M1SSl ° n
Sequoia Ix>dge is making arrangements
to give a complimentary banquet to Past
Grand Chancellor Charles L. Patton
Triumph Lodge of San Jose had an an
niversary entertainment on October 15
Grand Prelate D. C. Clark of Santa Cruz
was present.
A new company of the Uniform Rank,
which has been organized by William
Kaufman, will soon be instituted in this
city. It Is composed Jn the main of mem
bers cf Mission Lodge No. 202.
Golden City Lodge on the second Fri
day In October conferred the page rank
on several candidates, one of these being
the son of Grand Keeper of Records and
S*-al Herman Schaffner.
McK INLET Company No. &8 of the
Knights of Pythias Uniform
Rank at a recent meeting selected
as its instructor in military matters and
drill master Captain J. K. Rltter, a mem
ber of the order In Indiana and for a
number of years the dri:imaster of Silver
•Shield Corr.pany of Muncie. The mem
bers of the company are being congratu
lated on having secured the services of so
competent an Instructor and a result of
the engagement is that numerous applica
tions are being received, as there are a
large number cf the knights who det*re
to become members of the company that.
It is believed, will carry away or.e of the
Important prizes during the competitive
drill at Louisville. Ky., next year. This
company hA made up Its mind to obey
orders and ft proposes to be a credit to
th'- Uniform Rank cf California.
Knights of Pythias.
THE third of the ten great events ar
ranged for the United Moderns of
this city was given in Elks' Hall on
the evening of the first Saturday In Octo
ber. It waa In the nature of an Illustrated
stereopticon lecture, delivered by John G.
Jury. It was entitled "A Trip to the
Orient," and was an Interesting account
of travel In the direction of the rising
sun. The text was entertaining and the
views on the canvas served in a great
measure to add to the interest of the
words of the lecturer. Mr. Jury was re
warded with long and prolonged applause
by the large audience that had been
charmed by him. The fourth of the series
will be on Saturday evening, November 7.
when David Starr Jordan, president of
the Leland Stanford Jr. University, will
deliver a lecture on the "Call of the
Twentieth Century. ,
United Moderns.
Alameda Council on the first Thursday
in October passed the one hundred mark
in membership. This council held the
Grand Cquncil banner in 1902, but this
year lost it to Elyslan Council of Los
Angeles, but purposes to regain It.
The grand regent. G. Gunzendorfer, and
the grand secretary, D. W. Maloon, re
cently visited subordinates of the order In
Sacramento, Stockton and Santa Rosa,
and at the last named place they were
greeted by all but three of the members,
who were out of the city. At each place
the visitors spoke eloquently.
Two new councils are in process of for
mation in this city. Neither will be Insti
tuted with less than fifty members.
Buena Vista Council at its last meeting
admitted four strangers by initiation and
received seven applications. There were
many visitors present and at the close of
the meeting there was a game of pro
gressive whist, at which W. V. N. Bay
won the first and G. W. Jackson second
prize. This council will have an open
meeting on October 29, when an interest
ing vaudeville programme will be pre
sented.
¦ FTER the reception of four applica-
LJ tions in Argonaut Council at its last
V hel'J meeting the following named
were appointed a committee on council
work and aid to the orator: G. B. Tully,
J. I. Macks and M. S. de Roco. It will
be the duty of this committee to arrange
for a grand rally or identification meeting
of the members of the council In this sec
tion of the State on Monday, November
SO, and to procure, if possible, a photo
graph of each -member. Under good of
the order the council was addressed by
J. I. Macks, Herbert E. Wilkinson. M. S.
de Roco, F. Head, A. Hilson, Regent
Longworth and Secretary Dixon. The
council has six candidates for Initiation.
Royal Arcanum.
Supreme Councilor Tugwell has return
ed from an official tour of visitations to
Montana, Idaho, Washington and Oregon.
He reports the order In good condition In
those States, and asserts that every
where he went he was cordially wel
comed, and that In Helena, Mont., he
was tendered a reception that amounted
almost to an ovation.
Oakland reports an Increase of forty
during the month of September, and
Stockton reports fifty during the same
period.
Arrangements are under way for .a
campaign In this city to extend the limits
of the order. It Is probable that it will
open shortly after the November election.
Volunteer Council had work In the ln
itiatory degree at its last held meeting,
wnich was witnessed . by a large num
ber of members of the council and the or
der.
THE Order of Pendo has vacated its
quarters In the Callaghan building
and has taken the upper floor of
the southwest corner of California and
Kearny streets.
Order of Pendo.
Templar Lodge, I. O. O. F., will cele
brate the fiftieth anniversary of Its Insti
tution on the evening of October 22.
it carried away the prize. At the site of
the Grand Encampment the members of
the Drill Corps were delightfully enter
tained by the Rebekahs of that
They fitted up a flat for their special use,
and there the members of the corps en
tertained many of the order and their
friends. The drills were executed with
marked perfection and were received with
many marks of approbation. There was
a grand banquet, at which the members
of the corps, under command of Captain
Allie Parker, were present in their neat
uniform. All the members of the corps
praise the hospitality of the Odd Fellows
and Rebekahs of Paso Robles.
LODGE No. 202 of the
•LJ Knights and Ladles of Honor at
V Its meeting on the first Monday in
October had a large attendance. In
cluding Grand Protector Wolfe, Grand
Vice Protector Mrs. Williams, Grand
Secretary Quitzow and a number of other
grand officers. "The lodge received three
applications and initiated two strangers,
who had been elected at the previous ses
sion. During the evening the grand of
ficers had something to say for the good
of the order, and then, after the closing
of the lodge by Protector Mrs. Davidson,
there was a short programme of enter
tainment, the chief numbers being a vo
cal selection by Mrs. Downey and the
reading of poetry by Financial Secretary
Mrs. L. A. Rapp. This was followed by
dancing.
The various lodges of this city are work
ing to secure members for the class in
itiation that is being arranged for by the
grand officers, and which will be held
during the late part of the year.
Bay City Lodge has secured several
members through Mrs. Quitzow, general
State organizer.
Knights and Ladies.
Sentinels of Universe.
OX the last nig-ht of the month of
September Prosperity Council cf
the Sentinels of the Universe- had
a delightful party in Its hall In the
Shlels building. Between dances Interest
ing numbers were Introduced to entertain
the large audience of members, friends
and acquaintances. There was a piano
solo by Miss Knell, who had to give an
encore; Mrs. Vance gave a recitation,
which proved her to be an eloquent elo
cutionist; Miss Bertha Knell captured the
audience with the rendition of two songs
in a most pleasing voice; the Lily of the
Valley Mandolin Club under the leader
ship of Mrs. Atkinson showed at its best
In a number of selections; Master Willie
and little Cecil Flynn. as one of the ladies
said, "gave the dearest cake walk ever
seen," and Miss Wendt gave a reading
which waa well received. Mrs. W. A.
Martin was a committee of one -on enter
tainment and she was highly compliment
ed on the success of the affair. The com
mittee on reception was composed of Mrs.
F. Johnson. Mrs. M. Olsen, Mrs. E. Mont
gomery, Mrs. F. Stewart, Ml3s Henrietta
M. Coburn and R. D. Darby. The floor
committee was George 8. Clinton, Dr. G.
H. Therkof. Mrs. M. Livingston and Mr.
and Mrs. W. F. Hlte.
Court James G. Elaine has arranged a
benefit for one of Its members, J. Clancy,
who has been particularly unfortunate of
l&te, baring lost two of his children in a
short time ar.d having had much Illness
in his family- The benefit performance
will be in Pioneer Hall on the evening of
October SL .
Supreme Chief Ranger Kel'y has ac
cepted the invitation of Grand Chief
Banger Gabriel to visit California in No
vember. He will be the guest of the
Grand Court of this State.
'. Court United States of America of Oak
land has appointed a committee to make
arrangements for the celebration of the
.fourteenth anniversary of its institution
: *r» Thanksgiving day.
• 'Court San Jose is arranging for the lni-
LtJatibn of a large number of candidates.
•Grand Chief Ranger Gabriel will be pres
¦ «nt#
." .Court Stanford rave a eocial in the
assembly hall cf the Alcazar building on
-the evening of October 7.
. Court New Era, Foresters of America,
et Its last. held meeting Initiated a class
'cf twelve etrangers, and celebrated the
'jeve&J: by giving a benquet to the new
.members ar.d the eld.
•• Cptsrt Barbsirossa has appointed T.
i }*ah, -Henry Haab, E. Nordhoff, W.
¦"Lewis, C. Thle'man, F. Zucker, J. F.
."Wagner. .C. Sharenbergand and G.
-.Ti'mak'el a committee to arrange for its
.eleventh annual ball, to be given in Turn
: "Halle. -Turk street, on the evening of
•October H.
: |Fhere waa a class Initiation for all the
, courts cf Oakland on October 18 in For
eseen* HalL The grand officers were in
• attendance and the degrees were con
ferred by a specially selected team.
. Court* Magnolia is arranging for a high
. Jir.ks to be given on the night of Octo
jber 23. Fred Gunn, C. L. Sharff and M.
•Uarrls have been appointed a committee
to arrange the details for th!a affair.
• Court America and Mizpah Circle of
the Companions will give a ball on Octo
ber 21 in the South San Francisco Opera
House.
•Court Golden Era No. 35, Foresters of
America, will give its fourteenth annual
ball in Union Square Ha:l on the evening
Cf October 2L The committee of arrange
ments expects to have this affair eclipse
any social function previously given by
the court.
Court Washington had an unusually
Interesting meeting in Elks' Hall en the
evening of October 15. H. Goldman was
on that occasion presented a handsome
and valuable token of fraternal affection.
Richmond Circle, Companions cf the
Eorest of America, on the evening of Oc
tober 3 had a delightful party In its hall
on Polk .street, nr-er Sacramento. There
was" a good attendance of young people
•and a well-arrar.ged programme of
; o dances. .The affair, one of the many pleas
ant, social functions given by this pro
• gTcssive • circle, was under the manage
foest of Gertrude Cur-ran, -xise McBlrney,
: Ella -F. Wehe. Emma Gregory, Mrs. H.
_ Ogden, Tillle Haner and Emily Cellarius.
. Bcpreme Chief Ranger j. F. Kelly of
• Hew Jersey will officially visit this city
' in the latter part of December, and the
' local courts of the Foresters of America
will -greet him with a large class of can
, didates to be initiated at one time in on©
"of the large halls. On the following night
. rtiere will be a grand ball.
Lizzie Atwood, who at the recent
ly held session of the order In Philadel
phia was re-elected supreme sub-chief
companion- After the- ordinary business
had been disposed of Chief Companion
Mrs. Mate Cartwright on behalf of the
circle congratulated Mrs. Atwood on her
¦access in returning: to this State with
Supreme Circle honors. Then followed
other speeches, and kind -words were
spoken for Mrs. J. J. Cordy, the treas
urer of the circle, who had also been
East to attend the Supreme Circle ses
sion- After the spcechmaking and a few
eor.gg and instrumental solos the circle
served ice cream, cakes and coffee. This
circle on the last Saturday in September
gave a ball In the social hall of the Al
cazar building. It was well attended and
was a decided success. The affair was
directed by the following- named commit
tees: Committee of arrangements— George
T. Beban, chairman; Mrs. Ida J. Cordy,
Mrs. Phil KUey. Mrs. Dolly Bradley. Mrs.
Mate Cartwright, M. H. Livingston and
Mrs. Laura Label. Floor manager, Mrs.
John J. Cordy; aesiFtar.t floor manager,
Norman D. Cook; floor committee — Mrs.
Phil Kiley. Mrs. Dolly Bradley. Dr. Frank
Emmal, Mrs. Sylvia Beban and Thomas
Emery. Reception Committee— Mrs. M.
E. Cllne. Mrs. F. E. Dalby. Mrs. Annie
Woodall. Mrs. Clara Grant, Mrs. Josle
Flsk and R. Label.
JAMES G. BLAXNB CIRCLE of the
Companions of the Forest of Amer
ica at a recent meeting tendered
a reception to Its deputy, Mrs.
evening: of November 23 It will have a
ladies' niyht.
" Sequoia Parlor No. 190 has arranged for
a grand ball to ba given on the- evening
of November 17, under th« direction of
John H. Dumbrell, D. D. Gibbons, "Wil
liam F. Lippert, John S. Young and
George J. Stockwltz.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, OCTOBER 18, 1903.
47
Echoos from the Lodge RoomSOCIETY GIRLS WHO ARE
LEADERS IN OUT-OF-DOOR
SPORT.
PARIS. Oct. 17.-Madame Paul Blouet.
widow of the late Max O'Rell. is about to
return to the stage. Some years ago the
beautiful widow was known on the stage
in the United States as Beatrice Grea
hem. She is now. in Paris preparing her
costumes and retraining her voice under
the dlrectioln of Professor Clark of Chi
cago, prior to her return to comlc'ooera,
Max O'Kell's Wife.
LONDON, Oct. 17.-The King wears a
gold bangle or bracelet on his left wrist,
says "T. A. T." His Majesty Is never
without It. and It Is quite a familiar ob
ject to members of the royal entourage
The bracelet has tragic associations as
it belonged to the ill-fated Emperor
Maximilian of Mexico, from whose arm
it was removed after hla execution, and
later came into possession of King Ed
ward. * .
King Edward "Wears Bracelet.
The nuptials of Miss Eleanor Glynn and
Captain John Mooney will be celebrated
at the cathedral at noon on Wednesday,
the Very Rev. Father Prendergast of
ficiating. Judge Tobln, with whom the
bride has \ always resided, . will give her
into the' keeping of the groom. Miss
Glynn, who is a young woman of. splen
did physique and good style, will wear
a, robe of ivory satin, covered in Irish
point. She will.be attended by her sister,
Louise, who will be gowned in pale pink
silk. A small reception will be held at
th.c residence of Judge Tobln on Gearv
• • . •
take place at St. Mark's, Berkeley, and
the subsequent reception will be held at
the Kappa Kappa Gamma Sorority house,
of which the fair bride is a popular mem
ber. The following fraternity mates will
assist at the ceremony: Miss Hazard, the
bride's sister; Miss Elizabeth Mills, Miss
Elsa LIchtenburg, Miss Myrtle Sims, Miss
Gladys Meyer, Miss Elsie Everson and
Miss Alice Treanor. Mr. Gerlinger will
bring a Portland friend with him, while
William Powell, Alvin Powell, Paul
Rockey • and Arthur Traphagen will of
ficiate as ushers.
f ornla claims exclusively as a daughter of
the West, deeplte her probable . residence
In the East for some time to come. .
The courts at the park— which the dear
old Park Commissioners ¦ have given I us—
are daily occupied with -many of tha em
bryo society lassies, who' go out from
school, of course duly chaperoned. A few
illustrations of the 'athletic character of
our women convinced the clubman— whom
we all agree possessed s. most discrimi
nating and admirable taste— what the se
cret was of the vigor, the spirit aM the
development of the San Francisco society
girl. What a contrast to the days of our
grandmother, when working a sampler in
wicked-looking worsted or walking sol
emnly In the garden gathering rose
leaves constituted the exciting exercise
of her times! No wonder, she fainted
when a suitable occasion presented Itself
or ran off with the coachman Just for the
exhilaration caused; by the resultant ex
citement. Women have a need of a cer
tain amount of excitement in their lives—
which are necessarily . more or less pro
saic or stupid— and what . they obtain
from . a rational Indulgence \ in athletics
fulfills the requirement created within
them by the Heavenly Father And here
with let .the temperance workers take no
tice—the more athletics the fewer cock
tails. *Let those censors of society who
cry out against the encroachment of evil
of drink In social circles advocate the
promotion of open air athletics; and the
normal craving of women for excitement
will be assuaged without resort to false
and harmful stimulants. This is a de
duction made by physicians— they who
share women's secrets as do no others—
and surely their deduction is Indisputable.
The wedding of Miss Irene Hazard,
daughter of James Rider * Hazard, to
George Gerlinger of Portland. Or., will
What a bunch of weddings! We have
the Hazard-Gerlineer affair on Wednes
day, likewise, the Glyrm-Mooney nuptials
and the .Taylor-Siebe wedding; on the
27th comes the Nokes-Murphy celebration,
and on the 29th the happy Bruce-Steven
son affair. . /z
•m»ffl*
The War Department denies the report
that the transport Sheridan, on which
ten young officers and their bonny brides
will sail for Manila, is to be decorafed
with tulle and Bride roses— and the rea
son offered is plain. An even distribution
of tulle and roses would not be compati
ble with the varying rank of the young
people. ' and an attempt to apportion the
decorations according to rank wouldn't
be nice, you know; but the department
has gone out- of Its way to recognize the
affair in a suitable manner, and has pro
vided a ca»se of rice and an equipment of
old shoes for the embarkation of the
bridal party, and friends will find the
same on the wharf on the day of sailing.
Many of these good friends are fearful
of the disillusionizing of the vaporous
dreams of these honeymoons spent in a
4x6 stateroom, and with Neptune behav
ing badly. In case of his very bad con
duct, would It not be well £or the captain
to Isolate the brides until the seas calmed
over? One cannot conjecture anything
more destructive to sentiment than mal
de-mer — the very limit of human • lnele
gancies. It must give love an awful
wrench.
If you don't believe it, Just ask your
doctor I #
• • • ,
What is Mayor Olney , of Oakland try
ing to bring upon himself? He has inno
cently Invited 150 of Oakland's lending
Guy Barham and his bride have been
visiting at the Palace during the week.
Mr. Barham, wrib by the way possesses
as many friends on this side of the Tc
hachapi as on the other, is one of the
newly created Harbor Commissioners.
Following " closely upon his ' appointment
his marriage to the beautiful Miss Baby,
a member of a prominent old French
family of the south, was "celebrated.
The Barhams have been living at the
Van Nuys, but will soon set up their
household gods In the old Barham home
so well known in Los Angeles.
The Presidio Is to be graced- with an
other fair bride. On Wednesday Miss
Leona McCoy, daughter of Major and
Mrs. Frank B. McCoy, was wedded 'to
Lieutenant Lynn Edwards of the Coast
Artillery. U. S. A., at All Saints Cathe
dral, Milwaukee. The bride was attended
by Mrs. George Glbbs of Chicago and the
groom by Lieutenant Joslah Minns of the
Twentieth Infantry. A large reception
followed the ceremony. " Lieutenant and
Mrs. Edwards will spend a few months
at Wichita, Kans., after which they will
Journey to San Francisco, where "Lieu
tenant Edwards' is stationed. ;.•*-•
• • •
Miss Emma Moffat of Franklin street
gave a charming luncheon to fourteen
fraternity mates of Kappa Kappa Gam
ma Sorority on Thursday in honor of the
bride-elect. Miss Irene Hazard. The dec
orations were of the season's prevailing
colors— green and white. A very merry
party of college friends discussed the
menu, and let it be spread broadcast that
a. cleverer group, of raconteurs is rarely
met with, especially among girls of the
younger set. This Is one of the happy
results of sorority life ' at college— It
broadens and develops. %
The beautiful Mrs. Allie Taylor will be
come the bride of young Mr. Siebe on
Wednesday: The ceremony will be qui
etly celebrated in Modesto, the home of
the bride. •
street, after which the happy pair will
go south for a few weeks..
Again we have the fascinating society
maid a-gallop over roadways, taking
fences, ditches and not a few hearts in
her spirited morning canter. Miss Bertie
Bruce, the well beloved bride of the 29th,
is a pretty sight on horseback and a
cavalcade of merry maids— Miss Bruce
among them— is one of the alluring pic
tures in the park on fine mornings.
Then, there is tennis. Now, when is a
pretty maid prettier than when, racket
in hand, head uncovered to the glint of
the sun, arms bared to the domain of dim
ples, color in her cheeks, coming and go
ing as the "server" attends to his busi
ness, she stands behind the net with mind
and body keenly alert? Here is a perfect
ly balanced phase of athletics when the
mental qualities keep even pace with the
physical. Acknowledged leader of tennis
In this country is Mrs. Robert D. Farqu
fcjur (formerly Marlon Jones), whom Call-
And such is the truth. Our maids and
matrons of the smart set— and many of
those outside of it. for that matter— are
devotees of unfailing faith In tennis, golf,
'mobiling, swimming, yachting, riding
and. best and finest of all. In plebeian
walking. Apropos of walking, this sum
mer some of our society girls, among
them the Misses Henrietta and Emma
Moffat, packed their traps and meager
contributions to the commissary depart
ment and went with the Sierra Club mem
bers on their difficult ascent of Mount
Whitney. Here is a solution of the club
man's secret. And not only does tH»
kind of waUdnc oompound Interest In the
bank of physical energy but it generates
a supply of the high, spirits that have
Individualized the California woman, not
only la the eastern pert of our own coun
try but everywhere abroad. j Getting close
to nature energizes all civilized mankind,
and the hirher our civilization the more
neceesary <So«» this earthy association
become.
Then comes the girl who gets over the
earth without walking-ehe who rides in
a "red devil"— and then she who clings
to the "black beauty" in spite of all the
allurements of the hour. Of ail the maids
who seem to have cast out fear from
her heart as the man in the Bible did the
devils. Miss Pearl Landers is foremost
in the role of 'moblllsts. This dainty lit
tle maid almost afflicted the Del Monte
ites with heart failure during the B um
zner months by the daring manipulations
of bar autor-*nd ebe didn't take the ho
tel eteps with.her machine, either.
"Well." said his listening friend timid
ly, aud blushing modestly. "I suppose it's
part climate, part athletics and part tem
perament; but athletics seems to be In
the lead, the other two qualifications
standing rather In the attitude of acces
sories."
womankind, viewed. from the physical or
Athenian standpoint. In all the years of
tny observation as I have seen in your
city, and I began to observe at rather a
precocious age," said he, with a wicked
wink. "Can you explain the phenomenon
of this almost universal development, and
for w&nt of a. better -word I may say
style, that the California women pos
sess?"
in progress: "I have never be
fore seen so many splendid specimens of
SAID a New York clubman (and
New York clubmen axe adorable)
as he eat In the palm garden of
the Palace while a smart tea was
The invitations for the Confederacy
ball at the Palace on the 23d are eagerly
sought for by the young folk, who think
it a far cry from their last winter'3 big
dances. The success of the first affair of
flie winter season Is now assured, and the
patronesses of the Albert Sidney John
ston Chapter are correspondingly happy.
Everybody Is wondering how liberally
the Jefferson Davis Chapter will help the
•rood cause. How about that. ladies r
While living in San Francisco Miss Mc-
Kenna was an exceptionally popular girl,
possessing high ideals and living up • to
them. Soon after Judge McKenna's pro
motion to the United States Supreme
bench the family moved to Washington,
where they immediately took a prominent
place in official society. r "j '¦¦;" :¦,'•
The lucky fellow who has won the heart
of the high-splrfted Calif ornian is the son
of General and Mrs. Henry Dufileld of De
troit and nephew of Justice Brown, one
of Justice McKenna's associates on the
Supreme bench. Young Mr. Duffleld Is a
member of the publishing firm of Fox &
Duffleld.
The wedding will occur in Washington
and will probably follow the festivities at
tendant upon the new year.
So Isabella McKenna is engaged. The
lucky fellow Is Pitts Duffleld of New
York. He'd better be good, this fellow,
if he hopes to really wed the lovely Isa
belle, for we all remember her engage
ment to Peter Martin. soms years ago,
when her trousseau was complete, the
bridesmaids' gowns were .ready for the
wearing and the smallest details arranged
for the function, when lo! out of a clear
eky came the social thunderbolt of a—
broken engagement No one knew Just
why but the action was decisive and defi
nite.'
What shocking bad taste it is for rela
tives to up and die just on the eve of a
big function— a wedding, for instance!
Sureiy, it would seem that having held on
to life so long, they could take a fresh
hold on it for a little while longer. What
effect such an ill-timed affair will have
on the Goelet-Roxburghe nuptials remains
to be seen. At any rate, the death in tha
family brought the poor Duke home from
his hunting trip In the Adirondacks and
Just spoiled his fun. Now, that wasn't
nice of Miss Goelet's uncle!
• .:.•• ,¦' •
One of the belles of the hour who Is
entertained perhaps more than any other
girl In the smart set is Miss Gertrude
Dutton, recently returned from Paris. Al
ways attractive, Miss Dutton has imblded
much of that indefinable chic which dis
tinguishes the Frenchwoman from all the
world. Miss Dutton was entertained this
week by Mlss^Belle Hannes of Sausalito
at luncheon. The guests present were:
Mrs. George Beardsley, Mrs. Alfred B.
Spaulding, Mrs. Harry Bates, Miss Flor
ence Callaghan, Miss Mabel Cluff, Miss
Mabel Hogg. Miss May Colburn, Miss
Mabel Toy- Miss Maylita Pease and Miss
Edna Middleton.
The young couple will probably reside
In the city after their return from their
honeymoon, making occasional visits to
th© various stock farms of Mr. Pierce,
some of which are located in Nevada.
Miss Ford is of the type that has made
California women famous. Possessed of
a Junosque figure, with marked elegance
of carriage, she has been greatly admired
during the two years sh'e has been in so
ciety.
Miss Aline Ford, the beautiful young
daughter of Mr. and Mrs.' Charles Dens
low Ford of the Palace, will be married
to Lewis Pierce at Los Angeles on Tues
day, ' October 20. Immediately after the
wedding the young people will leave for
an extended trip through the Eastern
States, returning some time in January.
Mrs. Ray Sherman, who has been a
guest of her mother, Mrs. Joseph
Moody, for some weeks, will sail some
time next month to join her husband in
the Orient. It was hoped that the hand
some football hero would return before
this to the scene of his triumphs, but
business interests will not permit of hi»
return for some time. Hence his wife's
determination to join him.
• • •
Will some one who knows Jack London
— and who loves him — beseech him to
wear a conventional white shirt and col
lar the next time he addresses an audi
ence of ladies*? Now, why a man of Jack
London's unquestioned ability should
alienate himself from the ordinary decen
cies of dress for the purpose of adver
tising himself is beyond solution. He
surely Is conscious of a conspicuous in
elegance of attire when he appears on
the lecture platform of a women's club
in a flannel shirt and the tie tnat goes
with it— even if it be a white one. Do,
somebody, beseech of him to mend his
ways— just the manner of his dressing.
Otherwise the women before whom he
read passed upon him as charming. His
smile? Yes. it is captivating— If he will
Just be good and not dress that way
again.
t
women to form a club with civic improve
ment as its object. Has the Mayor any
knowledge of the Interior workings of
women's clubs that are composed of dif
ferent" sets and different cliques? Well,
he will, if we Just give him time!
California is well represented at present
in Gotham. The De Youngs and tha Wal
ter Deans are stopping at Waldorf-Asto
ria and.- will probably remain there until
the horse show comes off. What an event
that Is in New York! Such beautiful
women, such gowns, such Jewels, such
grandeur— Oh, yes, and, th^ horses! But
they are merely motifs. Of course they'ra
beautiful and capable 'and well bred, but
it's the women that count the most at
the "horse show," the men corns next and
then the equine beauties that answer for
a setting for society— society with its ener
gies, its ostentations, its glint, its glit
ter and its grandeur. Vulgar? Well, per
haps.
Mrs. Pomeroy is now in mourning and
consequently is not goingr out. Therefore
the' duty of Introducing Miss Christine
will devolve upon Mrs. William Gilman
Thompson, a sister of Mr. Pomeroy.
Miss Christine Pomeroy and Miss Lucy
Gwln Coleman will make their formal
entry into the social wh^rl on October 31.
when a large tea will be given at the
home of Miss Pomeroy on the corner of
Clay and Hyde streets. j
• ':•'•;?!'•
Dr. and Mrs. F. R. Orclla have returned
from Europe. While abroad Dr. Orella,
visited the leading hospitals of the Con
tinent and pursued a special course in
surgery.
The stunning Josselyn girls leave for
an extended tour on the 3d of next
month with their mother, airs. Charles
Josselyn. They will visit for a time in
New York, after which Paris will become
their objective point. It la their Intention
to winter in the gay Parisian capital.
• • •
• • •
The hop at Mare Island on Wednesday
evening was a very pleasant affair. The
officers are all gracious fellows and their
uniforms are certainly alluring. Many of
the girls from town went over. Mrs. Mc-
Calla received, assisted by Mrs. Tllley,
Mrs. Richard Cutts, Mrs. Miller and many
other ladles of the navy yard. Among
those who attended were: Captain and
Mrs. Miller, the Misses Meade, Miss Ma
rie English, Mls3 McQuade, Mrs. Dick
Cutts, the Misses McCalla, Paymaster
and Mrs. Hagnor, Lieutenant and Mrs.
T. Gains Roberts, Miss Dorothy Dustan,
Mrs. Dunstan of Menlo, Miss Mattle Mil
ton, Miss Frances Moore, Miss Catherine
McDougall, Dr. and Mrs. Parker, Mlsa
Shorb, Captain Day, Lieutenant Foreman,
the Misses Clary of Stockton, Miss Terry,
Dr. Rodney, Lieutenant and Mrs. Moore,
Captain and Mrs. Drake, Lieutenant and
Mrs. Stone, Mrs. George C. Carr. Pay
master George Brown, Lieutenant Stan
ley, Lieutenant Morris and a number of
others. The hop was followed by a dain
ty supper served In one of tha adjoining
rooms.
• • •
The wedding of Miss Caroline Ayer and
Dennis Searle will occur at an early date.
Emerson "Warfleld has entertained twice
at dinner during the week, numbering
among hl3 guesis Mrs. R. H. Warfleld,
Miss Gertrude Dutton, Miss Mayo Col
burn, Mr. and Mrs. Henry Dutton, Ralph
Hart, Captain Frederick and E. Johnston.
• • •
There is much talk of Miss Ardella
Hills going to Manila at a., early date.
Also that Miss Bessie will tour the Cast.
Should the proposed departures become a
reality the young women Trill be greatly
missed by a host of friends, notably by
the clever Spinners' Club, of which they
are active members. This is the club
¦whose influence tends toward the salon of
the future, t Who shall say what the next
decade may bring forth In the develop
ment of our social life? Yearly the pre
miums upon attainments— cleverness, tact
and ability— are rising steadily. This Is a
good omen.
"What do you suppose these two old sol
diers, whose names you all have ham
mered about so dextrous!y, think of this
affair of yours as they look down from
their celestial heights? Really, now, the
matter ought to be settled here at home,
v.ithout dragging the fair name of Cali
fornia Into disrepute by carrying: the
squabble to Charleston. Southern women,
with all that tha words Imply, you
should come together, bury the hammer
and proceed to the national convention
united In spirit and purpose, as becomes
your ancestry and your cause.
THE SAN FBANC1SCO CAIili, STJNDAY, -OOTOBEB 18, 1908.
48
The
Society
Maid
AND HER LOVE
FOR ATHLETICS