"It was most thoughtful of the old gen
tleman to have the man call for you with
the perambulator/' shouted ; Pettingill
above the laughter. "Tell him you've al-
"Damned nuisance!" said Richard Van
•Winkle. "I -want to hear Brewster's
speech." ¦ ¦ " -• ¦ .
"Speech! Speech!"' echoed everywhere.
Men settled into their places. •
"Mr. Montgomery Brewster," Pettinglll
Introduced.
Again the bell rang— long and loud.
"Reinforcements. I'll bet there's a pa
trol in the 6trcet," remarked Oliver Har
"If it's only the police, let them in,"
said Pcttinjill.: "I thought it was a' cred
itor." • •-,' - - . ¦ : .
The waiter opened the door. ... . -.- . .
"Some one to see Mr. Brewster, sir,- .n»
announced. , ...
/•Is she pretty. walterrVcalled McClouf'
"He saysihe is Ellis, from your.frand
father*s," sir." ,\T; 7 i • . . ' .
"My compliments ' to mils, aad ask him
to infbrminy grandfather that it's after
banking hours.. I'll see him in the morn
ing," said -Mr. Brewster, who 'had red
dened under the jests of. his. companions.
,-, "Grandpa doesn't want .his 'Monty to
i=tay out after dark," ' chuckled Subway
Bmlth.. ..... ....;.-.--."*-¦-'" .
"The police!" some one suggested," All
*aces were turned toward the door. A
waiter etood there, uncertain whether to
torn the knob or push the bolt.
The eudden ringing of an electric bell
cut off this flow of sentiment, and so
unusual was the interruption that the ten
members straightened up as IX jerked Into
Position by a string.
Among the "Littlo Sons of the Rich"
birthdays were always occasions for
1 casting. The table was covered witty
dishes sent up from the French restau
rant in the basement. The chairs were
pushed back, cigarettes were lighted, men
had tlieir knees crossed. Then Pcttingill
got up.
••Gentlemen," he began, "we are here to
celebrate the twenty-flfth birthday of Mr.
Montgomery Brewster. I ask you all to
Join roe in drinking to bis long life and
happiness."
"So heel taps!" Rome one shouted.
"Brewster! Brewsterl" all called at once.
Tor he's a joHjr rood fellow.
Tor Ue'a a Jolly, good fellow!
grandfather had taken the boy to his
O«ra house and had cared for him with
what he called affection. After college
iiid eomc months on the continent, hov.
ever. Monty had preferred t<» be inde
pendent. Old Jtr. Brewster nad found
him a place in the bank, bet beyond this
and or.asional dinners. Montv asked for
and received mo favors. It was a ques
tion of woik and hard work and small
pay. He lived on his Ealary because he
had to. but he did not resent his grand
father's attitude Ho was belter sat
isiicd to M»rnd his "weakly balary,"
as he called it. in his own way
than to earn more by dining seven nights
4 *..••.!; with an old man who had
forgotten h«i was ever young. It was less
wearing, he said.
One .of th« directors was Colonel Pren
tiss Drew. .Itbe. railroad magnate", of th*
newspapers. He had shown a fondness
for young Mr. Brewster. . and Monty bad
be«n a * frequent visitor at his cottsa.
Colonel Drew caHed him "ray dear boy."
and Monty called him "a btxUy eld chap,*
" The ' directors of the bank net and
adopted resolutions lamenting the death
of .their 'late president, passed the leader
ship on to the first vice president and
speedily, adjourned. .The auestlon of ad
mitting Monty to the directory wa»
brought va and , discussed, but ¦ it was
left. for tlm« to settle.
Since his grandfather's death he had
been staying at the gloomy old -Brewster
house in Fifth avenue, paying but two or
three hurried visits to the rooms at Mrs.
Gray's, wb<re he had made his home. Th*
gloom of death still darkened the Fifth
avenue place, and there, was "a stillness.
a gentle stealthlnesa about. the house that
made him long for more cheerful com
panionship. He wondered dimly if a for
tune always carried the suggestion of
tuberoses.- The richness and ' strangeness
of It all hung about him unpleasantly.
He had had no extravagant affection for
the grim old dictator who was dead, yet
his grandfather was a man and had com
rnandetf his respect. It seemetl brutal to
leave liim out of th« reckoning— to dano»
on* the. grave of the mentor who had
treated him well. The attitude- of th»
friends, who. clapped him on th« back," of
the newspapers •which congratulated- him.
of - the crowd that expected.; him to . re
joice, repelled him. It seemed a tragio
comedy, haimted by a severe dead ;face.
He was* • haunted/ too. by memories < and
by a jsharp . regret for his own foolish
thoughtlessness. Even the fortuneitself
weighe.4 upon him at moments with a
half-defined melancholy. • . • .
vTet^the situation. was not without lt»
compensations. For wveral days when El
lis called him at 7 he would answer hint
and thank fortune that he was not required
at the bank that morning. The luxury of
another hour of sleep s.-pmed the greatest
perquisite of wealth. His morning mail
amused him at first, for since the news
papers had published his prosperity to th«
."world h« was deluged with" letters. Re
quests for public or private charity were
abundant, .but most of his correspondents
were ; generous and thought only of his
own Brood. For three days. he was in a
hopeless state of bewilderment. ; He was
visited .by reporters, photographers and
ingenious strangers who benevolently ¦ of
fered—to .Invest his money in enterprises)
with certified futures. When he was not
engaged in declining- a gold mine In Colo
rado, worth S3.000.000. marked down to
$450. \ he was avoiding a guileless in
ventor who offered to sacrifice the secret*
of a marvelous device for J300. or.de,nyln*
the report ' that he had been tendered the
presidency of the First National Bank.
\Oliver Harrison stirred him *out' early
one 'morning and. while the sleepy mil
lionaire was rubbing his eyes and still
dodging the bombshell that a dream an
archist bad hurled from the Binnacle : of
a bedpost urged him to excited, confi
dential tones to take time by the forelock
and prepare for possible breach of prom
ts* suits., Brewster sat on the edge of th*
bed and listened' to diabolical stories of
how conscienceless females had flesced In
nocent and ev*n godly men of wealth.
From the bathroom, between splashes, he
retained Harrison by the year, month,
day. and hour, to stand between him and
blackmail. HBBB8B9£lASI
Montfomtry Brewster no longer had
"prospects." People could cot now point
him out with the remark that som* day
h» would com* Into a million or two. ; H*
had "realised." as OUver Harrison would
have put it. Two days after his grand
father's funeral a final will and testament
was read, and. as was expected., the old
banker atoned for the hardships Robert
Brewster and his wife bad endured by
bequeathing one million dollars to their
son Montgomery. It was his without a
restriction, without an admonition, with
out an Incumbrance. There was - not a
suggestion as to how It should be handled
by the heir. The business training th*
old man had given him was synonymous
with conditions not expressed in the will.
The dead man believed that he had drilled
Into the youth an unmistakable concep
tion Of what was expected of him In life:
If b» failed in these expectations th« mis
fortune would be his alone to bear; a
road had carved out for. him and
behind him stretched a (long lil»<»
of guide-posts whose laconic . Instruction*
might be Ignored but never forgotten..Ed
win Peter • Brewster evidently made his
will with the sensible conviction that it
was necessary for him to die before any
body else could- possess his money, and
that oac» dead It would b« folly for hint
to worry ov«r th« way in which bene
ficiaries might chooso to manage their
own affairs. ». ,,' , • * -
ThVhousein Fifth >venue went to s>
¦ister, together with a million or two, and
the residue of the estate . found kindly
disposed relatives who" w*ro willing to
keep It from going to the Home, for
Friendless Fortunes. Old Mr. Brewster
left hl3- affairs In order. The will nom
inated Jerome Biiskirk as executor, and
he was instructed, In conclusion, to turn
over • to Montgomery Brewster the day
after the was probated, securities to
the amount. of $1,000,000. provided for in
clause four of the instrument. And. so it
was that on the 28th of September youn«
Mr. Brewster had an unconditional for
tune thrust upon him, weighted only with
the suggestion of crape that'eluwgto It.
II.
SHADES OF ALADDIN.
ready bad i«v botov added ' liaOeed*
?¦Waiter, I" taQ l BJtUs V Pa : too busy i to ee
seen,'* commanded I Br*wster. sad ¦ m» Ellis
vent down in the elevator a roar followed
him. ..- : . ¦-.-¦¦ 'i'.. ¦¦;¦,'¦'¦"¦":¦•¦'•¦¦ ¦ >.*-. ¦.*.¦¦ ¦;
, :' "JTow, for Brewster'atpeech— Brewster."
- Monty '. rose. " - - '""- "'
"Gentlemen, you s««m to have forgotten
. t or~ the * moment- that ? I - am •; SS ""years " old
this ' day. and ' ; that f your a remarks- * have
been childish and wholly unbecoming the
dimity ' of - my age. That I have arrived
at a | period | of ¦ discretion * Is evident from
my choice of friends; that I am entitled
• 'Brewster "had a
midden heart attack at
half-past "•-'eleven/-" sir.
The doctor-' sent word
by m: sir. that be was
at the ; point' of death.
My last message—"
.. "Good'Lordl'f
""This time I bring a
message - f rom *Rawles..
the butler, asking: you
• to come' to M*;Brews
ter*s * house * at once—if
yon can sir— I mean If
you '' will, sir," Ellis
to yottr T—vet u
evident from my
frandfathw'i bo
torioas wealth.
Ton have dou* m*
the honor to drink
xny health apd to
reassur* m« as to
the lnofteasiveness
«t approaching se
nility. Now I ask
you all to rise and
drinK to.'Th» Ut
tle Eons of th»
"Rich." May the
Lord lov» us!"
An hour later
"Rip" Van Winkle
and Subway' Smith
were tinging "Tell
Me. Pretty Maid
en,** to the uncer
tain accompani
ment o* Pettln
glll's violin, when
the electric bell
again disturbed the
company.
. ."For heaven's
cake!" • shout © d
Harrison, who had
teen singing 'TWith
All Thy Faults, I
Love Thee Still," to
PettlnsuTs lay fig
ure. '
"Come home with
ma. grandson,
come home with
We now," euggest
cd Subway Smith.
: ;.J*r«ir'E?lti- : to go
tdi Halifax,".com
manded > Mon t gom
ery? and . " again
Ellis took :th* ele
vator- 'downward.
Ilia usually Impas
sive face now wore
a | look of anxiety
andtwiai he start
ed to return to tha
top floor, shaking
Us. head dubious
ly. At- -last he
enmfced into a han
som and reluctant
ly left the revelers
behind. He knew
It was a birthday
celebration . and it
was only half past
12 In the '¦ morning.
At 8 o'clock the
elevator made an
other, trip to the
top floor and Ellis
rushed over to the
unfriendly- door
bell. This time
there was stub
born determina
tion In hi* face.
The singing ceased
and a roar of
laughter' followed
the hush of a mo
m?nt or.- two. ,
"Come in!'-*:call
ed a hearty voice,
and Ellis strode
firmly .Into- the
studio. • » - -
"You are just.tn
time for - a *nteht
cap,' Ellis," crifd
Harrison, .rushing
to the footman's
side. Ellis, .stolid
ly ' "facing.. . the
young .man.' lifted
his hand.
.VNo. thank you,
*ir," he saiu re
spectfully. • "Mr.
Montgomery, if
you'll excuse me
for breaking in,
I'd like to give; you
three messages
I've brought hero
to-night."
"You're a faith
ful old chap." said
Bub way" * Smith,
thickly. "Hanged
If rd.do'AT'D. T.
• till ¦ 3 a. m.
for anybody."
"I came at- ten,
Mr. -.'Montgomers'.
with a message
froni Mr.: ;Brews
ter. ''wishing '"¦ you
many ! happy - re
turns of" the day
and- with a check
from him 'for ! one
thousand dollars.
Here's the check,
Blr. -"-Til ; give ray
messages ... In tha
order.* I "received
them, air. If you
please. •; At 12:20
o'clock ' X /-' cam*
with a me««*ge
from ? Dr." Gower,
•lr, who bad been
called !m-~— "."I
"Called Inr
gasped. 'Montgom
ery, 1 turning white.
"Yes. sir, Mr.
mterjeeted, apijtinelTntTtj. Th« wlflk Ms
gase directed steadily «t« tin beads ex
the cubdueA "Sons" he added, tajce»
tlvely;
"ilr. Bjwwster ts dead, sir."
A BIRTHDAT DINNER.
>ArT^HB little Eons of the Rich"
•• I T ww« gathered about th« long
I tsil* In PettingUTs studio.
I There were nine of them pres
** «nt besides Brewster. Tin
ware all young, more or lesi enterprising:,
hopeful and reasonably sure of better
thins* to com*, ilcst of then bore name*
that meant something in th« etory of
New Tork. Indeed one of them had re
marked. "A man is known by the street
that's named after h!m," and as he vas
a r«w member, they called him "Sub
way."
The coit popular man in the company
Tvas t young "Monty" Brewster. He was
tall ana straight and Fmooih shaven.
People called him "clean looking." O!d»r>
v.omen xcarm interested in him because
his father and mother had made a ro
mantic runaway match, which was the
talk of the town in the seventies. ar.<i
had n«u-er been forgiven. Worldly women
nere interested in •him because be was
the only grandson of Edwin Peter Brew
s'tf-r, who was many times a millionaire,
and Monty was fairly certain to b« W«
heir— barring an absent-minded gift to ,.
charity. Your.ger women were interested
for a much more obvious and simple
rrapon: they liked him. ~Men also took
to Monty because he was a* #QOd sports
man, a man among men, becat?«e^e lisd.
a decent respect for himself and "iHvg'f'erit:
aversion to work.
II Is father and mother had both died
¦nhll« he was otJJl a. child. andr«« if ts
make up lor his long relentleceness, the
Copyrlgbt. 1*03, by Herbert 8. Stone *
Co. All Rights Reserved.
HEUE is the most fascinating
problem in. the world to-day,
presented ia Its most fascinat
ing form. It is the theme of Richard
P. Greaves' new novel, '?Brewster's
Millions." "Can you spend a million
a year, get your money's worth and
yet have nothing: to show for it at the
end of that' tlmeP" If you think you
can, Just read on- "Brewster's Mil
lions" will teach you a thing or two
n-ni hold you in. complete thralldom
while doing: it.
Under the Sunday Call's new liter
ary policy you will not have to read
long. Ycu not only get the very
latest novels by the most famous
writers in the world, but you get
them quick. There are not long waits
between installments and no inter
minable aeries cf "Continued in our
s.exf* catch lines.
Then, la rapid sacoesslon will fol
low that thrilling new novel, "The
Golden Fetich," by Eden Phillpotts;
"The Master cf Appleby," by Francis
Iiynn; "Crlttenden," by John Tox
Jr. | *The Two Vanrevels," by Booth
Tarldngton; "The Turnpike House,"
by Fergus Hume, etc, etc.
Sunday Call Literary Section
BREWSTER'S MILLIONS"I know you are generous, Monty, and
I know you have a heart. You want us
to— to take some of your money"—
it was not easy to say, it, and as
for Monty, he could only look at
the floor. "We cannot. Monty, dear— you
must never speak of it again. Mamma
and I had a feeling that you would do it.
But don't you see — even from you It is
an offer of help, and It hurts."
was compelled to scrutinize rather intent
ly a familiar portrait in order to maintain
an air of careless assurance. She did not
respond to this venture, but he felt that
she was looking directly into his sorely
tried brain. "We'll do any amount of dec
orating about the house and— and you
know that furnace has been giving us a
lot of trouble for two or three years "
he was pouring out ruthlessly, when her
hand fell gently on his own and she. stood
straight and tall before him,' an odd -look
in her eves.
"Don't— please don't go on, Monty," ehe
said very gently but without wavering.
"I know what yov mean. You are good
and very thoughtful, Monty, but you
really must not." ... ...
"Why, what's mine Is yours — "he be
gan.
thinking when he walked Into the office
of Swearingen Jones' lawyers.
"The truth is, Mr. Grant, I'd completely
forgotten trie existence of an uncle," he
responded.
"It Is not surprising," said Mr. Grant,
genially. "Every one who knew him in
New York nineteen or twenty years ago
believed him to be dead. He left the city
when you were a very small lad, going
to Australia, I think. He was off to seek
his fortune, and he needed it pretty bad
ly when he started out. This letter from
Mr. Jones comes like a message from the
dead. Were It not that we have known
Mr. Jones for a long time, handling
affairs of considerable - lmoortance for
him, I should feel inclined to doubt the
whole story. It seems that your uncle
turned up in Montana about fifteen years
ago and there formed a stanch friend
ship with old Swearengen Jonee, one of
the richest men in. the Far West. Sedg
wick's will was signed on the day of his
death, September 24, and it was quite
natural that Mr. Jones should be named
as his executor. That Is how we. became
interested in the matter, Mr. Brewster."
"I see," said Montgomery, somewhat
For a moment there was only amaze
ment in the air. Then a faint bewildered
smite appeared. In Monty's face, and re
flected itself In. the girl's.
He found the letters and resumed his
seat in the window, glancing half-heart
edly over the contents of the envelopes.
The last was from Grant & Rlpley.. at
torneys, and even from his abstraction
it brought a<- surprised "By Jove!" He
read it aloud to Margaret.
September 30. %
Montgomery Brewster Esq., New York.
Dear Sir: We are in receipt of a com
munication from Mr. Swearingen Jones
of Montana, . conveying . the sad intelli
gence that '.your uncle, Ja/nes T. Sedg
wick,-died on the 24tb Init. at M— - Hos
pital .In; .-Portland,! after a brief Illness.
Mr. Jones by this time has qualified In
Montana ¦ as the executor, of your uncle's
will, and has retained us' as his Eastern
representatives. He incloses a copy of
the will, in which you are named as sole
heir, with conditions attending. Wlllyou
call at our office this afternoon If It is
convenient? It. is Important that you
know the contents of the instrument at
ence. Respectfully yours, • • - -
, GRANT & RIPLEY.
"It seems that Sedgwick-never married.
Your mother was his slste'r and his only
known relative of close connection. He
was a man of most peculiar tempera
ments,'but In full possession of all-men
tal faculties. You may find this will to
be a strange, document, but I think Mr.
Mr. Grant drew the . document from a
pigeonhole in his desk, . adjusted his
glasses and -prepared to read. Then, as
though struck by a sudden thought, he
laid the paper down and turned once
more to Brewster.; •-::;¦...-.-:
"I have a copy of the will. Mr. Ripley
and I are the only persons. in New York
who at present know its contents. You,
I am sure, after hearing it. will not di
vulge them without the most careful de
liberation." ¦ . ' .•
handled with all the skill of a Wall-street
financier. At the time of his. death, in
Portland, he did not owe a. dollar in the
world. His property Is absolutely unin
cumbered — safe and sound as a Govern
ment > bond. 1 ; It's rather, overwhelming.
Isn't it?" the lawyer concluded, taking
note of Brewster's expression.
"And he— he left everything 'to" me?"
"With a proviso."
"Oh, I never wondered about my over
coats: the tailor did the wondering. But
I wish I could go on living here Just as
before. I'd a heap rather live here than
at that gloomy place on the avenue."
"That sounded like the things you used
to say when we played In the garret.
You'd a heap sooner do this than that—
don't you remember?"
"That's Just why I'd rather live here.
Pejrgy. Last night I fell to thinking of
that old trarret, and hanged If something
didn't come up and stick in my throat
"But think how fine it Is. Monty, not
ever to wonder where your winter's over
coat Is to come from 1 and how long the
coal will last, and all that."
"Really, though. Ill never get as much
Joy out of my abundant riches as I did
out of financial embarrassments."
"Well. I can't see that you are much
changed." There was a' suggestion of a
quaver In her voice, and the shadows dO
rot prevent him from seeing the quick
mist that fiitt-d across her deep eyes.
"After all. its easy work being a mil
lionaire." he explained, "when you've
always had million-dollar Inclinations."
"And 50-cent possibilities." she added.
"Jlantr your rich relatives. Peggy; if I
thought that this money would make any
difference 1 would give It up this minute."
"Nonsense. Monty." sh<! said. "How
<-ould it make a difference? But you must
«dm!t it Is rather startling. The friend
til your youth leaves his humble dwelling
Saturday night with his salary drawn for
two weeks ahead. He returns the fol
lowing Thursday a dazzling millionaire.".
"I'm glad I've begun to dazzle, any
way. I thought it might be hard to look
the part."
"I thoupht of that, but I didn't dare
fsy It." she laughed. "One must be re-
Fi>«»ctfiil to rich relatives."
I>r first self-con«cfousness had gone.
Brewster let himself in with his own
latch key. threw his hat on a chair and
unceremoniously bolted Into the library.
Marparet was seated near a window, a
book in her lap. The first evidence of un
biased friendship he had seen Ir. days
shrine In her smile. She took his hand
and said sirap!y. "We are glad to welcome
the prodigal to h'.s home a&aln."
"T remind myself more of the fatted
calf."
Leaving the bank, he hastened, by elec
tric car. to Fortieth street and Broadway,
and then walked eagerly off into the
s-treet of the numeral. He had not yet
come to the point where he felt like scorn-
Ing the car*, even though a roll of bank
notes was tucked snugly away In a pocket
that seamed to swell with sudden afflu
ence. Old Hendrick. faithful servitor
through two generations, was sweeping:
the autumn leaves from the sidewalk
when Montgomery came up to the house.
"Hfllo. Hendrick," was the youn?
nian's cheery greeting-. "Nice lot of
leaves you have there."
"So?" ebbed from Hendrick, who did not
even so much as look up from his work.
Hendrick was a human clam.
"Mrs. Gray in?"
A grrunt that signified yes.
"You're as loquacious as ever, Hcnd
rlck."
A mere nod.
proceedlrg that he refused to' see an ob
stacle. P::t he knew It was there; the
proffer of such a ptft to Mrs. Gray would
mean a wound to the pride Inherited from
haughty generations ! of men sufficient
unto therr»se!ves. There was a small but
troublesome mortice on the house, a
matter of $2000 or $3000. and Brewster tried
to evolve a plan by which he could as
sume the burden without giving deep and
lasting offense. A hundred wild designs
had come to him, but they were quickly
reirgated to the growing heap of subter
fup^js .ir.d prete'xts condemned by his ten
derness for the pride of these two women
who meant po much to him.
looking, bright and cheerful, she knew no
natural privations With a heart as light
and Joyous as a May irorrlnp, she faced
ad\-ersity as thouch it were a pleasure,
and ro one would have suspected tnat
even for a moment her courage wavered.
Now that Brewster had come Into his
rplendid fortune he could conceive no
greater delieht than to share it with
them. To walk into the little drawing
room nr.d serenely lay large Minis before
thi-m as thtir own seemed such a natUTal
possession. But little money had come to
her at her husband's death, and an unfor
tunate speculation of his had swept away
all that had fallen to her from her father,
the late Judfre Merrlweather. For years
she kept the old home unincumbered.
teaching Frencn and English until Mar
paret was well Into her teens. The girl
was sent to one cf the cood old board
ing-schools on the Hudson and came out
well prepared to help her mother in the
battle to ker-p the wolf down and appear
ances up. Margaret was rich In friend
ships: and pride alone stood between her
and the advantaees they offered. Good
Mrs. Gray lived in Fortieth street. For
rears Montgomery Brewster had regarded
her quiet, old-fashioned home as his own.
The house had once been her grand
father's, and it was one of the pioneers
in that part of the town. It was there
she was born; in Its quaint old parlor she
was married, and all her girlhood, her
brief wedded life and her widowhood were
connected with it. 1'rs. Gray and Mont
porr.ery's mother had been schoolmates
and playmates, and their friendship .en
dured. When old Edwin Peter Brewster
looked about for a place to house his
orphaned grandson Mrs. Gray begged him
to let her care for the little fe'.Iow. He
was three years older than her Margaret,
and the children RTew up as brother and
pi?ter. Mr. Brewster was generous In pro
viding for the boy. While he was away
at college, spending money in a manner
that caused i"ie old gentleman to marvel
at his own liberality. Mrs. Gray was well
paid for the unused but well-kept apart
ment?, and there never wa* a murmur of
complaint from Edwin Peter Brewster.
He was hard, but he was not niggardly.
It had been something of a struggle for
Mrs. Gray to make both ends meet. The
property In Fortieth 6treet was her only
III.
MRS. AND MISS GRAY.
As he left the directors* room, on the
afternoon of the meeting. Colonel Drew
came op to Monty, who had notified the
officers of the bank that he was leaving.
"Ah. my dear boy," 6aid the colonel,
shaking the young man's hand warmly,
"now you have a chance to show what
you can do. You have a fortune, and
with Judgment you ought to be able to
triple it. If I can help you in any way
come and eee me."
Monty thbnkcd him.
"You'll be bored to death by the raft of
people who have ways to spend your
money," continued the colonel. "Don't
listen to any of them. Take your time.
You'll have a new chance to make money
every day of your life, so go slowly. I'd
have been rich years and years ago If
I'd had sense enough to run away from
promoters. They'll all try to get a whack
at your money. Keep s your eye open,
Monty. The rich young man is always a
tempting- morsel." And after a moment's
reflection he added. "Won't you come out
and dine with us to-morrow night?"
though not In his presence. But the ex
istence of iuiEs Barbara Drew may have
had something to do with the feeling be
tween the two men.
"Who Is your Uncle James?" she asked.
"I've never heard of him."
¦ " You , must ¦ go ' to Grant & Rlpley at
once, of course." . ¦ ¦ - . - .,' .
"Have you- forgotten, -Peggy,", he re
plied, with a bint of vexation in his
voice, "that we are to read 'Oliver Optic'
this afternoon?".
A SECOND WILJ* ; ;
"You are both : fortunate and. unfor
tunate, Mr. Brewster," said Mr. Grant,
after the young man had dropped into a
chair In, the oiiicejOf Grant & RIpJey the
next day. Montgomery wore a slightly
bored expression, and it was evident that
he took. little interest in the will of James
T. SedKwick. From far back, in the re
ceases of memory he now recalled this
long loot brother of his mother. As a
very small child he had seen his Uncle
James upon the few occasions which
brought him to the home of Mr. and Mrs.
Robert Brewster. But the young man
had dined at Drew's the night before and
Rarbara had had more charm for him
than usual. It was of h*r that ha was
puzzled. "But why do you say that I am
both fortunate and unfortunate?" ¦
"The situation is eo remarkable that
you'll consider that a mild way of patting
it w"hen you've heard everything. I think
you were told, in our not* of yesterday,
that you are the sole h*ir. Weil, It may
surprise you to learn that James Sedg
v.ick died possessed of an estate valued at
almost seven- million dollar*."
Montgomery Brewster sat like one pet
rifled, staring, blankly at the old lawyer,
who could say startling things Jn a level
voice. • '*' • ;
"He owned gold mines and ranches In
the Northwest and there is no question
as ¦ to their value. Mr. Jones, in his let
ter to us. briefly outlines the history of
James Sedgwick from the time he landed
In Montana. He • reached, there in 1885
from Australia, and he was worth thirty
or forty thousand dollars at the time.
Within flv« vears he was* the owner of
a huge ranch, and scarcely bad another
five years passed before he was .part
owner of three rich gold mines. Posses
sions accumulated rapidly; everything! he
touched turned to gold. He was shrewd,
careful and thrifty, and his money was
so tight that I wanted to cry. How long
has it been since we played up there?
Yes, and how. long has It been since I
read 'Oliver Optic' to you. lying there in
the garret window while you ¦ sat with
your back against the wall, your blue eyes
as big as dollars T'
"Ob. dear me. Monty, it was ages ago—
twelve or thirteen years, at least," she
cried, a soft light in her eyes.
"I'm going up there this afternoon to
see what the place Is like. ' he said eager
ly. "And, Peggy, you must come. too.
Maybe I can find one of those Optic books,
and we'll be young again."
"Just for old time's sake." she said im
pulsively. "You'll stay for luncheon, too."
•I'll have to be at the— no. I won't,
either. Do you know, I was- thinking I
had to be at the bank at 12:30 to let Mr.
Perkins go out for something to eat? The
millionaire habit isn't so firmly fixed as I
supposed." After a moment's pause, in
which his growing seriousness changed
the atmosphere, he went on. haltingly,
uncertain of his position: "The nicest
thing about having all this money is that
—that— we won't have to deny ourselves
anything after this." It did not sound
very tactful, now that It was out. and he
"Don't ? talk like that, Peggy," he Im
plored. • . ' ' * . ' "
"It would break her heart If you offered
to give her. money in that way. She'd
hate it, Monty. ¦'• It -Is foolish perhaps, but
you know we can't take your money." .
"I thought you— that you— oh, this
knocks all, the Joy out of it," he burst out
desperately.
"Dear Monty!" ' • v
/"Let's talk it over, Peggy; you don't
understand—" he be'gan, dashing at what
he thought would be a break In her re
solve. ' . * ' . '
"Don't!" she commanded, and In her
blue eyes was the hot flash he had felt
once or twice before.
, He rose and walked across the floor,
back and forth again, .and then stood be
fore her, a smile ion his 1 "lips— a rather
pitiful smile, but still a smile! There were
tears in her eyes as she looked at him.
"It's a confounded puritanical
dice, Peggy," he said in protest,
"and you know It." .
"You have not seen the letters that
came for you this morning. They're on
the table over there," she, replied, isnor
inc hli»-
"But, my dear fellow, you are already
the possessor of a milllcW 1 Do you forget
that you are expected to be penniless a
year from now?" . " '..•
"Wouldn't you exchange a' million for
seven millions. Mr. Orant?"
"But let me Inquire how you propose do
in 5 ! 5 ? " aaked Mr. Grant mildly.
"Why,- by the simple process of destruc
tion. Don't you suppose I can get rid of
a million in a year?" Great Scott, who
wouldn't do it! All I have to do Is to
cut a few purse strings and there Is" but
one natural conclusion. I don't mind be-
"Well, it is rather staggering, isn't it?"
paid Montgomery, passing Us hand over
his forehead. He was beginning to com
prehend:
"In more ways than one. V'hat are you
going to do about It?"
"Do about It?" In surprise. —Why. It's
mine, isn't it?"
"It is not yours until next September,"
the lawyer quietly said. .
"Well. I fancy I can waiti" said Brew
ster with a smile that cleared the air.
No, Mr. Brewster ; v it Is absolutely gen
uine. Here is a telegram from the Pro
bate Court in Sedgwick's home county
received In response to a query from us
It says that the will is to be filed for pro^
bate and that Mr. Sedgwick was many
times a millionaire. This statement,
which he calls an inventory, enumerates
his holdings and . their \ alue, and the
footing shows $6,343,000 in round numbers.
The Investments, you see, are gilt-edged.
There is not a bad penny in all those
millions.!' - ¦
The latter took the paper and glanced
over It with the air of one who had heard
but had not fully grasped Its meaning
"It must be a Joke. Mr. Grant." he
paid, still groping with difficulty through
the fog.
"I believe I'd like to have you read this
cxtraor— the will. Mr. Grant." he said,
with an effort to hold his nerves In leash.
Mr. Grant cleared his throat and began
in his still voice. Once he looked up to
find his listener eager, and again to find
him grown indifferent. He wondered
dimly if this were a pose.
In brief, the last will of James T. Sedg
wick bequeathed everything, real and
personal, of which he died possessed, to
his only nephew, Montgomery Brewster
of New York, son of Robert and Louise
Sedgwick Brewster. Supplementing this
all-important clause there was a set of
conditions governing the final disposition
of the estate. The most extraordinary of
these conditions was the one which re
quired the heir to be absolutely penniless
¦upon the twenty-sixth anniversary of his
birth, September 23.
The instrument went into detail in re
spect to this supreme condition. It set
forth that Montgomery Brewster was to
have no other worldly possession than
the clothes which covered him on the
September, day named. He was to begin
that day- without a penny to his name,
without a single article of Jewelry, fur
niture or finance that he could call his
own or could thereafter reclaim. At nine
o'clock, New York time, on the morning
of September 23. the executor, under the
provisions of the will, was to make over
and transfer to Montgomery Brewster all
of the moneys, land?, bonds, and inter
ests mentioned in the inventory which ac
companied the will. In the event that
Montgomery Brewster had not. in every
particular, complied with the require
ments of the will, to the full satisfaction
of the said executor. Swearengan Jones,
the estate was to be distributed among
certain Institutions of charity designated
In the instrument. Underlying this im
perative injunction of Jarr.cs Sedgwick
was plainly discernible the motive thar
prompted it. In almost so many, words
he declared .that his heir should' cot re
ceive- the fortune if he possessed a single
penny that had come to him. in any
-shape or form, from the man he hated.
Edwin Peter Brewster. While Sedgwick
could not have known at the time of his
death that the banker had bequeathed
one million dollars to his grandson; it was
more than apparent that he expected the
young man to be enriched liberally by his
enemy. It was to preclude any possible
chance of the mingling of his fortune
with the smallest portion of Edwin P.
Brewster's that James Sedgwick, on his
deathbed, put his hand to this astonish
ing Instrument.
There was also a clause in which he
undertook to dictate the conduct of
Montgomery Brewster during the year
leading up to his twenty-sixth anniver
sary. He required that the young man
should give satisfactory evidence to tile
execut/or that he was capable of manag
ing- his affairs shrewdly and wisely— that
he possessed the ability to add to the for
tune through his own enterprise; that he
should come to this twenty-sixth anniver
sary with a fair name and a record free
from anything worse than mild forms of
dissipation; that his habits be temperate;
that he possess nothing at the end of the
year, which might be regarded as a "vl3-'
lble or invisible asset"; that he make no
endowments; that he give sparingly to
charity; that he neither loan nor give
away money, for fear that it might ba re
stored to him later; that he live on the
principle which inspires a man to "get Els
money's worth." be the. expenditure great
or small. As these conditions, were pre
« ribed for but a single year In the life
of the heir, it was evident that Mr. Sedg
wick did not Intend to impose any restric
tions after the property had gone into his
hands.
"How do you like It?" asked Mr. Grant.
as he passed the will to Brewster.
Jones, the executor, explains •"* mys
tery that may be suggested by Its terms.
While Sedgwick's whereabouts was un
known to his old -friends in New York.
It seems that he was -.fully posted on all
that was going on here. He knew that
you were the only child of your_mother
and therefore his only nephew. He sets
forth the. dates of your, mother's mar
riage, of your birth, of the death of KoD
ert Brewster and- of Mrs. Brewster. He
also was aware of the faet that old Ed
win Peter Brewster intended to bequeath
a larf« fortune to you-and thereby
hangi »>tale. Sedgwick was proud.
WhmhtUTtd In New York he was re
garded aa the kind of man who never for
gave the person who touched roughly
upon his pride. You know, of course, that
your father married Miss Sedgwick in
th* face of the most bitter opposition on
the part of Edwin Brewster. The latter
refused to recognize her as his daugh
ter, practically disowned his son. and
heaped the harshest kind of calumny
upon the Sedgwicks. It was commonly
believed about town that Jim Sedgwick
left the country three or four years after
his marriage for the sole reason that
he and Edwin Brewster could not live ra
the same place. Bo deep was. his hatred
of the old man that he fled to escape
killing him.. It was known that upon one
occasion he visited the office of his
sister's enemy, for the purpose of slaying
him, but something prevented. He car
ried that hatred to the grave, as you. will
see."
Montgomery Brewster was trying to
Rather himself together from within the
fog which made himself and the world
unreal.
THE SUNDAY CALL.
2ntE SUNDAY CALL.
3
Continued Next Week.
Ing a pauper for a few hours on the 23d
of next September."
"That Is your plan, then?"
"Of course. First. I shall substantiate
all that this will sets forth. When I am
assured that there can be no possibility
of mistake in the extent of this fortune
and my undisputed claim. I'll take steps
to get rid of my grandfather's million in
short order." Brewster's voice rang true
cow. The rest of life was comine back.
Mr. Grant leaned forward slowly and his
intent, penetrating gaze served, as a check
to th«* young fellow's enthusiasm. .
"I admire and approve the sagacity
' which urges you to exchange a paltry mil
lion for a fortune, but It seems to me that
you are forgetting the conditions," he
said. pIottIv. "Has It occurred to you that
It »ill be no easy task to spend $1,000,000
without in some way violating the re
strictions in your uncle's will, thereby
losing uoia fortunes?"
V.
THE MESSAGE FROM JONES.
A new point of view gradually came to
Brewster. AH his life had been spent in
wondering how to get enough money to
pay his bills, and it had not occurred to
him that It might be as difficult to spend
as to acauire wealth. The thought stag
gered him for a moment. Then he cried
triumphantly, "I can decline to accept
grand father's million."
"You cannot decline to accept what is
already yours. I understand that ' the
money has been paid to you by Mr. Bus-
Wrk. You have Jl .000.00}, Mr. Brewster,
and It cannot be denied."
"You are right." agreed Montgomery,
dejectedly. "Really. Mr. Grant, this prop
osition is too much for me. If you aren't
required to give an Immediate answer, I
want to think It over. It sounds like a
dream."
"It is no dream. Mr. Brewster." smiled
the lawyer. "You are face to face with
an amazing reality. Come In to-morrow
morning and see me again. Think it over.
rtudy it out. Remember the conditions of
the will and the conditions that confront
you. In the meantime, I shall write to
Mr. Jones, the executor, and learn from
him just what he expects you to do in
order to carry out his own conception of
the terms of your uncle's will."
"Don't write, Mr. Grant; telegraph. And
ask him to wire his reply. A year Is not
very ?sng In an'affalr of-thls kind." A
moment later he added. "Damn these fam
ily feuds ! Whv couldn't Uncle James
have relented a bit? He brings endless
I trouble on my Innocent head. Just because
of a row before I was born."
"He was a strarpe man. As a rule, one
does not carry grudges quite so far. But
that ie neither here nor there. His will is
law in this case."
"Suppose I succeed in Fpending all but
WW before the 23d of next September!
I'd lose the 6even millions and be the next
thing to a pauper. That wouldn't be quite
like retting my money's worth."
"It is a problem, my boy. Think it over
very seriously before you come to a deci
sion, one way or the other. • In the mean
time, we can establish beyond a doubt the
accuracy of this Inventory."
"By ail means, go ohe: d, and please
urge Mr. Jones not to be too hard on me.
I believe Til risk It If the ./restrictions are
not too severe. But If Jone- has puritani
cal instincts. might as well give up
hop* and be satisfied with what I have."
"Mr. Jones is very far from what you'd
call puritanical, btt he Is Intensely prac
tical and clear-headed. He will undoubt
edly require you to keep an expense ac
count and to show some sort of receipt
for every dollar you disburse."
"Good Lord! Itemize?" I '
"In a general way. I presume."
"I'll have to employ an army of spend
thrifts to devise ways and meanr for pro
fUpacy.**
"You forget the Item which restrains
you from taking anybody into your confi
dence concerning this matter. Think it
over. It may not be so difficult after a
night's sleep."
"If it isn't too difficult to get the night's
Bleep."
All the rest of the day Brewster wan
dered about as one In a dream. He was
preoccupied and puzzled, and more than
one of his old associates, receiving a dis
tant nod In passing, resentfully conclud
ed that his wealth was beginning to
change him. His brain was so full of sta
tistics, figures and computations that It
whirled dizzily, and once he narrowly es
caped being run down by a cable car. He
dined alone at a small French restaurant
In one of the side streets. The waiter
marveled at the amount of black coffee
the young man consumed and looked hurt
when be did not touch the quail and let
tuce.
That night the little table In his room
at Mrs. Gray's was littered with scraps of
pad paper, each covered with an Incom
prehensible maze of figures. After din
ner h» had gone to his own rooms, forget
ting that he lived on Fifth avenue. Un
til long after midnight he smoked and
calculated and dreamed. For the first
time the immensity of that million thrust
Itself upon him. If on that very day, Oc
tober the first, he were to begin the task
of spending It. he would have but 357 days
In which to accomplish the end. Taking
the round sum of $1,000,000 as a basis, it
was an ea*y matter to calculate his p.ver
age dally disbursement. The situation did
not look so utterly, impossible until he
held up the little sheet of paper and rue
fully contemplated the result of that film
plo problem In mathematics.
It meant an average dally expenditure
ef $2801.12 for nearly a year, and even then
there would be 16 cents left over, for. In
proving the result of. his rough sum In
division, he could account for but $:<#,
899.S4. Then it occurred to him that his
money would be drawing Interest at the
bank.
"But for each day's $2801.12. I am get
ting seven times as much," he solilo
quized, as be finally got into bed. "That
means J19.607.M a day, a clear profit of
316.fiO6.T2. That's pretty good— yes, too
good. I wonder if the bank couldn't
oblige me by not charging interest."
The figures kept adding and subtracting
themselves as be dozed off, and once dur
ing the night .he dreamed that Swear
engen Jones had sentenced him to eat a
million dollars' worth of game and salad
at the French restaurant. He awoke with
the consciousness that he had cried
aloud. "I can do it, but a year is not very
loner in an affair of this kind." -
It was 9 o'clock when Frewster finally
ro;=e, and after his tub he felt ready to
cope with any problem, even a substantial
breakfast A message had come to him
from Mr. Grant of Grant & Ripley, an
nouncing the receipt of Important dis
patches from Montana. &nd asking him
to luncheon at I. He had time to spare,
and as Margaret and Mrs. Gray had gone
out, he telephoned Kills to take his horse
to the entranca to the park at once. The
crisp autumn air was perfect for his ride,
and Brewster found a number of smart
people alreadv riding and driving in the
park. His horse was, keen for a canter
and be had reached the obelisk before he
drew rein. As he was about to cross the
carriage road he was nearly run down by
Miss Drew In her new French automobile.
"I beg your pardon," she cried. "You're
the third person I've run Into, so you see
I'm not discriminating against you."
"I should be flattered even to be run
down by you."
"Very well, then, look out." And she
started the machine as if to charge him.
She stopped in time, and said with a
laugh, "Your gallantry deserves a re
ward. Wouldn't you rather send your
horse home and come for a ride with
me?"
"My man Is waiting at .. Fifty-ninth
street. If you'll come that far, I'll go
with pleasure." '
Monty had merely a society; acquaint
ance with Miss Drew. He had met her
at dinners and dances, au he had a hos,t
of other girls/ but she had Impressed him
more than the others. Something inde
scribable took place every time their
eyes met. Monty had often wondered
Just what that something meant, but he
had always realized that it had in it noth
ing of platonlc affection.
"If I didn't have to meet her eyes," ho
had said to himself, "I could go on dis
cussing even politics with her, but the
moment she looks at me I know she can
see what I'm thinking about." From the
first they considered themselves very
good friends and after their third meet-
Ing it seemed perfectly natural that they
should call one another by their first
names. Monty knew he was treading on
dangerous ground. It never incurred to
him to wonder what Barbara might think
of him. He took it as a matter of course
that she must feel more than friendly
toward him. As they rode through the
maze of carriages, they bowed frequently
to friends as they passed. They were
conscious that some of the women, notice
ably old Miss Dexter, actually turned
around and gazed at them.
"Aren't you afraid people will talk
about us?" asked Monty with a laugh.
"Talk about our riding together in tho
park? It's Just as safe here as It would
be in Fifth avenue. Besides, who cares?.
I fancy we can stand It."
"You're a thoroughbred, Baibara. I
simply didn't want you talked about.
When I go too far, say the word and
drop me." \
"I have a luncheon at two, but until
then we have our ride."
Monty gasped and looked at his watch.
"Five minutes to one," he cri*d. The
matter of his engagement with the attor
ney had quite escaped him. In the exhil
aration of Miss Drew's companionship he
had forgotten even" Uncle James' ¦millions;
"I've got a date at one that means life
and death to me. Would you mind taking
me down to the nearest Elevated— or—
here, let me run -It."
Almost before Barbara was aware of
what was happening they had changed'
places . and . the .machine, under Monty's
guidance, was tearing over the ground.
"Of all the casual people," *ald trfe
frfrl. by no means unequal to the excite
ment, "I believe you're kidnaping me."
But when she saw the grim look on
Monty's face and one pollcemnn after
another warned him she became seriously
alarmed. "Monty Brewster, this pace is
positively dangerous."
"Perhaps it Is." he responded, "but if
they haven't sense enough to keep x out
of the way, they shouldn't kick if they
get run over."
"I don't mean the people or the auto
mobiles or traps or trees or monuments;
Monty; I mean you and me.. 1. know
we'll either be killed or arrested."
"This Isn't anything to the gait. I'll be
going if everything turns out as I ex
pect. Don't be worried, Babs. Besides
it's one now. Lord, I didn't dream It
was so late."
"Is your appointment so important?"
she asked, hanging on.
"Well, I should Bay It is, and— look out
—you blooming idiot! Do you want to
get killed V The last remark was hurled
back at an Indignant pedestrian who had
escaped destruction by the merest chance.
"Here we are." he said, as they drew
up beside the entrance to the Elevated.
"Thanks awfully— you're a corker— sorry
to leave you this way. I'll tell you all
about it later. You're a dear to help me
keep my appointment."
"Seems to me you helped yourself."
she cried after him as he darted up the
steps. "Come up for tea some day and
tell me who the lady is."
After he had gone Miss Drew turned to
her chauffeur who was in the tonneau.
Then she laughed unrestrainedly, and the
faintest shadow of a grin stole over the
man's fa.ee.
"Beg pardon, Miss," he said, "but I'd
back Mr. Brewster against Fournier any
day."
Only half an hour late, Brewster en
tered the office of Messrs. Grant and Rip
ley, flushed, eager, and unconscious of
the b^g splotch of mud that decorated his
cheek.
"Awfully sorry to have kept you wait
ing." he apologized.
"Sherlock Holmes would say that you
had been driving, Mr. Brewst*>r," said
Mr. Ripley, shaking the young man's
hand. . .
"Ho would miss it, Mr. Ripley. I've'
been flying. What have you hoard from
Montana?" He could no longer check
the impatient question, which came out
so suddenly that the attorneys laughed
Irresistibly, Brewster Joining them an in
stant later. They laid before him a half
dozen telegrams i responses from bankers,
lawyers and mine operators In Montana. \
These messages.establlshed beyond doubt
the extent of James T. Sedgwick's wealth;
it was reported to be even greater than
shown by the actual figures.
"And what does Mr. Jones say?" de
manded Montgomery.
"His reply resembles a press dispatch.
He has tried to make himself thoroughly
clear, and if there is anything left unsaid
it is past our comprehension. I am sorry
to Inform j'QU, though, that he has paid
the telegraph charges," said Mr. Grant,
smiling broadly.
"Is he rational about it?" asked Mont
gomery, nervously. N
Mr. Grant gave his partner a quick,
significant glance and then drew from his
desk the voluminous telegram from
Swearengen Jones. It was as follows:
' October 3.-
GRANT & R1PLET.
Yucatan Bulldlnr. New Tork:
I am to be »ole referee In this matter. You
are retained as my agents/ heir to report to
me through the week. Ono desire of uncl«
was to forestall grandfather's bequest. I shall
respect that desire. Enforce terms rigidly. He
was my best friend and trusted me with dls
poellion of all this money. Shall attend to it
sacredly. Heir must gret rid of money left to
him In given time. Out of respect to memory
of uncle he must take no one into his con
fidence. Don't want world 1 to think 8. was
damned Tool. He wasn't. Here are rules I
want him to work under: 1. No reckless
rambllnir. 2. No Idiotic Board of Trade specu
lation. ;t. No endowments to Institutions of
any character, because their memory would be
an invisible asset. 4. No Indiscriminate , giv
ing away of fund*. By that I don't mean Mm
to be stingy. -I hate a stingy man and eo did
J T. S. &. No more than ordinary dissipation.
I hate a saint. Bo did J. T. 6. And both of
us sowed an oat or two. 6. No excessive do
nations to charity. If he gives as other mil
lionaires do I'll let It go at that. Don't be
lieve charity should be spoiled by Indulgence.
It' la not easy to spend a million, and I won't
be unreasonable with him. Let him epend it
freely, but not foolishly, and get his money's
worth out of It. If. he does that I'll consider
him a good business man. I regard it foolish
to tip waiter more than dollar and car porter
does not deserve over five. He does not earn
more than one. If heir wants %r> -try for this
big stake he'd better begin quick, because he
xnlKht silo up if he waits until day of Judx- ~
ment It's less than year off. Luck to him.
Will write you. more. fully. 6. JONES. ,
"Write more fully!" echoed Montgom
ery. ¦ "What can there be left to write
about?"
"He is explicit," said the attorney, •'but
it is best to know all-the conditions before
you decide. , Have you made up your
mind?".
Brewster sat silent for a long' time,
staring hard at the floor. . A great strug
gle was going on in his mind. •
"It's a gamble, and a big one," he said
at last, squaring his shoulders, "but ,i'H
take it. I don't want to appear disloyal
to my grandfather, but I think that even
he would advise me to accept. Yes, you
may write Mr. Jones that I accept the
chance." . •'
The attorney complimented him on his
nerve and wished him success. Brewster
turned with a smile. > ¦ : '
'.'I'll begin by asking what you think a
reasonable fee for an, attorney, ln»a case
of this kind. I hope you will act for me."
"You don't want to spend it all in v a
lump, do you?" asked Mr. Grant, smiling.
"We can hardly act as counsel for both
you and Mr. Jones." . .
"But I must have a lawyer, and the will
limits the number of my confidants. What
am I to do?" -¦ ••. - '
"We will consult Mr. Jones in regard
to the question. It is not regular, you
see, but I apprehend no legal difficulties.
We cannot accept fees from' both sides,
however," said Mr. Grant.
"But I want "attorneys who are ••willing"
to help me. It won't be a help if you de
cline to accept my. money." >••¦.«¦-}?
"We'll resort to arbitration," laughed
Ripley. ' ,. ; ij • * \, 9 < . • ¦,..;
Before night Montgomery Brewster be-
gan a career that would have startled the
world had the .facts been : known. With
true, loyalty to' the "Little Sons of. the
Rich,". he asked'hls friends to dinner and
opened their eyes. 1 • .• ' •••'..<
- "Champagne!" -cried Harrison,' as they
were seated at table. ' "I can't remember
the last time I had champagne." • " • ¦
"Naturally," laughed "Subway" Smith.
"You couldn't remember anything after
that." Y-^X* * "
As the dinner progressed Brewster ex
plained that he Intended to double his
fortune within a year. "I'm going to have
some fun, too," he said, "and you boys
are to help me."' ' • "' • ' •'
..".Nopper". Harrisqn. was .employed ._ as .
"superintendent of affairs," Elon Gardner
as financial secretary, Joe Bragdon as pri
vate secretary, "Subway" Smith as coun
sel and there were places in view for the
other members. * V " ' "" * *
"I want the smartest apartment you can
find. Nopper," he commanded. "Don't
stop at- expense;-- Have Fettlngill-redeco
rate it from top to bottom. Get the best
servants you can 1 find' I'm going to live,
Nopper, and hang the consequences." '
! vi.
MONTY CRISTO.
A fortnight later Montgomery -Brewster
had a new home. In strict obedience to
his chief's command, "Nopper'.' Harrison
had leased until the Septemberyfollowing
one of the most expensive apartments to
be found in- New York City. The renta!
was $23,000, and the shrewd financial rep
resentative had saved $1000 for his em
ployer by paying the sum In advance. But
when he. reported this bit of economy to
Mr. Brewster he was surprised vthat It
brought forth a frown. "I never, saw a
man who had less sense about money,"
muttered "Nopper" to himself. "Why, he
spends it like .a Chicago millionaire trying
to get into New York society.' If it were
not for the rest of us he'd be a pauper in'
six months." • C
Paul Pettlngill, to his own Intense sur
prise and, it must be said, consternation,
was engaged to redecorate certain- rooms
according to a plan suggested by the ten
ant. The rising young artist, in a great
flurry of pxeitement, agreed to do the
work for $500. and then blushed like a
.schoolgirl when he was. informed by the
practical Brewster that the paints and
material for one room alone would cost
twice as much.
¦ "Petty, you have no more idea of busi
ness than a goat," criticized Montgomery,
and Paul lowered his head in humble con
fession. "That man who calcimines your
¦•etudlo could figure on a piece of work
with more Intelligence than you reveal.
I'll pay $2500. It's only a fair price, and I
can't afford anything cheap in this place."
"At this rate you won't be able. to af
ford anything," said Pettlngill to himself.
And so it was that Pettinglll and a
corps of decorators soon turned the rooms
Into a confusion of scaffoldings and paint
buckets, out of which in the end emerged
something very distinguished. No one had
ever thought Pettinglll deficient in ideas,
and this was his opportunity. The only
drawback was the time limit which Brew
ster so remorselessly fixed. Without that
he felt that he could have done some
thing splendid in the way of decorating
panels— something that would make even
the glory of Puvls de Chavannes turn pal
lid. With it he was obliged to curb hia
.turbulent ideas, and he deci/led that a
rich simplicity "was the proper' note." The
result was gorgeous, but not too gorgeous
—It had depth and distinction.
Elated and eager, he assisted Brewster
in selecting furniture and hangings for
each room, but he did not know that his
employer was making conditional pur
chases of everything. Mr. Brewster had
agreements with all the dealers to the ef
fect that they were to buy everything
back at a fair price. If he desired to give
up the establishment within a year. He
adhered to this rule in all cases that
called for the purchase outright of sub
stantial necessities. The bump of calcu
latlveness in Monty Brewster's head was
growing to abnoral proportions.
In retaining ! his rooms at Mrs. Gray's
he gave the flimsy but • pathetic - excuse
that he wanted a place in which he might
find occasional seasons of peace and
quiet : When Mrs. Gray protested against
this useless bit of extravagance his grief
was so obviously genuine that her heart
was touched and there was a deep, fer
vent Joy In her soul. She loved this fair
faced boy, and tears of happiness came to
her eyes when she was given this new
proof of his loyalty and devotion. His
rooms were kept for him Just as If he
had expected to occupy them every day
and every night, notwithstanding the
luxurious apartments he was to' maintain
elsewhere. The Oliver Optic books still
lay In the attic, all tattered and torn, but
to Margaret the embodiment of prospec
tive riches, promises of sweet hours to
come. She knew Monty well enough to
feel that he would not forget the dark lit- ,
tie attic of old for all the s«plendors that
might come with the new dispensation.
There was no little surprise when he'
sent out invitations for a large dinner.
His grandfather had been dead less than .
a month, and society was somewhat scan
dalized by the plain symptoms of disre
spect he was showing. No' one had ex
pected him to observe a prolonged season,
of mourning. . but that ho should ' disre
gard the formalities completely was
rather shocking. Some of the older peo
ple, who had not long to live and who
had heirs-apparent, openly denounced his
heartlessness. It was not very gratifying
to think' of what 'might be in store for'
them if all memories were as short as -
r
Brewster's. Old Mrs. Ketchell changed
her wlll^and two nephews 'were cut off
entirely; a very modest and Impecunious
grandson of Joseph Oarrlty also was to
sustain a severe change In fortune in the
near future, if the cards spoke correct
ly.' Judge Van Woort, who was not ex
pected to live through the night, 1 got bet
ter immediately after . hearing some one
in the sick room whisper 'that Montgom
ery Brewster was to give a big dinner.
Naturally, the helrs-to-be condemned
young Brewster In no uncertain. terms. •
Nevertheless, the dinner to be given. by
the grandson of old Edwin | Peter Brew
ster was the talk of the town, and not
one of the sixty invited guests .could have
been persuaded to miss It. Reports; as to
its magnificence were abroad* ldng before,
the night set for the dinner. One of 'them
had it that It was • to cost,- $3000 a plate.
From:that figure the legendary price" re
ceded to a mark as low*as-$500.^Mont
gomery.' would have been" only too' glad
.to pay $3000 or more; but Some. mysterious"
force conveyed* to his mind a'perfect por-v
trait of : 8wearengen Jones In the act 1 of
piittifig-down a large .black 'mark against -
him, and he forbore. . { '•'."¦ ' - • **-,
"I wish I knew whether I, had to abide
by the Hew -York or _the Montana stand
ard of Brewster Bald to
himself. "I" wonder if 'he ever Bees the
N£w York, -papers." * , • "***'¦¦
?Late each night the last of the grand
old Brewster family- went to his bedroom,
where,, after dismissing his 1 man, he set- •
tl<Jd dowfiJat^hiBTdesk.with a pencil and a~~
pad of paper. Lighting the candles, which
were m^re }* easily managedjjhe- .found,
than. lamps, and much more^ costly',"* .ho
thoughtfully • and religiously calculated
bis expenses for the day. "Nopper" Har- .
rlson and Elon Gardner had the receipts
for all moneys spent, and Joe Bragdon
was, keeping an official report, but the
"chief," as they called him. .could not go
to sleep until he was satisfied in his own;
mind that he was keeping up the average.
For the first two weeks it had been easy— j
in fact, he seemed to have quite a com
fortable lead in the race. He had spent
almost $100,000 j In the fortnight, but he
realized that the greater part of It had
gone Into the yearly and not the dally
expense account. He kept a "profit and
loss" entry In his little private ledger, but
it was not like any other account of the
kind in the world. What the ordinary
merchant would have charged to "loss"
he jbtted~"down on the "profit", side and
he was continually looking for opoprtunl
tles to swell the total:
Rawles, who had been his grand
father's * butler* since the day after he
landed ' In New York, came over to the
grandson's establishment, greatly to the
wrath .and. confusion of the latter' s Aunt.
Emmeline. The chef came from Paris
and his, name was Detult. Ellis, the foot
man, also. found a much better berth with
Monty than he had had In the house on
the avenue. Aunt Emmeline never for
gave her nephew for these base and dis
turbing acts of treachery, as she called
them. • \
One of Monty's* most extraordinary fin
ancial feats grew out of the purchase
of a $14,000 automobile. He blandly ad
mitted to "Nopper" Harrison and the
two secretaries that he Intended to use
it to practice with only, and that as soon
as he learned how to run an "auto" as
it. should be run he .expected to buy a
good, sensible, durable machine for $7000.
His staff officers frequently put their
heads together to devise ways and means
of curbing Monty's reckless extravagance.
They were worried. , • • » — >
"He's like: a ; sailor in port," protested
Harrison. "Money Is no object . if ;he :
wants a thing, and— damn It— he seems to
want- everything^ he sees." /¦ %
"It won't last long," - Gardner said, re
assuringly^ "Like bis namesake, Monte
Cristo, the world is his just now and he
wants to enjoy It." ' ' .' "
"He wants to get -rid of it, it seems to
me." ' . , .
Whenever they reproached Brewster
about the matter he disarmed them by
saying:, "Now that I've got money I mean
to give my friends \ a good time. Just
what you'd do If you' were In my. placer.
flTiat's the money for, anyway?^' *
"But this $3000-a-plate dinner "
"I'm going to give a dozen of them, and
even then I can't pay my Just debts. For
years I've been entertained at people's
houses and have been taken cruising on
their yachts. They have always been
bully to me and what have -I ever done,:
for them? Nothing. Now that I can af
ford it, I am going to return* some of,
those favors and square myself. Doesn't
it sound reasonable?" k ... •'
And eo preparations for Monty's dinner
went on. In addition to what he called
his "efficient corps of gentlemanly aids"
he had secured the services of Mrs. Dan
DeMille as "social mentor and utility
chaperon." Mrs. DeMille was known in
the papers as the leader of the fast
younger married set. She was one of the
cleverest and best looking young women
in town and her husband was. of thoso
who "did not' have to be "invited too."
Mr. DeMille lived at the club and visited
his home.' Some one said that hewas so
slow.and.hls.wife .so_ f ast_that. when. she _
Invited him to dinner lie was usually two
or three days late. Altogether Mrs. De-
Mille was a decided acquisition to Brews
ter's campaign committee. It, required
just her touch to make his parties fun ¦ '
instead of funny. <
It was on October IS that the dinner
was given. With the skill of a general
Mrs. Dan had seated the guests ¦ In -such ¦
a way that from the beginning things
went off with zest. Colonel Drew took In
Mrs. Valentine and his content was as- '
sured; Mr. Van Winkle and the beautiful
Miss Valentine were side by side and no 0
one could say he looked unhappy; Mr.
Cromwell went in with Mrs. Savage; and*
the same delicate tact— in some cases it
was almost indelicate— was displayed in
the disposition of other guests. ' , , .
Somehow they had come with the ex
pectation of being bored. Curiosity '
prompted them to accept,, but it did not .
prevent the subsequent .Inevitable lassi- '
tude. Socially Monty Brewster -had yet
to make himself felt. He and his dinners ¦
were something to talk about, but they I
were accepted hesitatingly, ¦ t haltingly. ;'
People wondered how he had secured the )
co-operation of Mrs. j Dan, but then Mrs.
Dan always did go In for u new toy. . To <
her was inevitably attributed whatever '
success the dinner achieved. And It was <
no small measure. Yet there was noth- "
ing startling about the affair. Monty .i
had decided to begin conservatively. He <
did the conventional thing, but he did it '
well. He added a touch' or two of lux- •
ury, the faintest aroma of splendor. Pet
tlngill had designed the curiously way- ' '¦
ward table, with its comfortable atmos- |i
phere of companionship, and arranged Us i
decoration. of great lavender orchids and i
lacy butterfly festoons of white ones
touched with yellow. .He had wanted to • i
use dahlias in their many rich shades *
from pale yellow to orange and deep red, ' !
but Monty held out for orchids. It was /
the artist, too,' who had found in a rare
and happy moment the massive gold' can- 1
delabra— ancient things of a* more luxQ- i
rlous age— and their opalescent shades. :
Against his advice the service, * too, was i
of gold— "rank vulgarity," he .called it, i
with Its rich meaningless ornamentation. <
But here Monty was obdurate.' He insist- ' <
ed that he. liked the. colorand. that ; porr..,i
celaln had no character. Mrs. Dan only
prevented a quarrel by suggesting that
several courses be served upon Sevres.
PettlnglU's scheme for lighting the room
was particularly, happy. For the benefit
of his walls and the four lovely Monets
which Monty had purchased at his insti
gation, he had. designed a celling screen
of ' heavy rich . glass - In tones of white
that grew into yellow and dull
green. It served to conceal the lights In
the "daytime, and at night the glare of
electricity was Immensely softened and
made harmonious by * passing through It.
It gave a note, of quiet to the picture,
which caused even these men and women,
who had be«n here and there and seen
many ~ things, ¦ to draw In their breath
sharply..' Altogether, the effect manifest
ly made, an Impression. ¦
.Such "an environment had Its Influence
upon the company.. It went far toward
making the dinner a success. From far In
the distance came the softened strains of
¦ Hungarian music, and never had the little
„ band i played the "Valse Amoureuse" and
the'"Yalse Bleue" with the spirit it put
„ Jjifo-them that night. Yet the soft clamor
In the '^dining-room Insistently Ignored the
emotion or the music. Monty, bored as
he 'was between the two most Important
dowagers at the feast, wondered iifmly
what -invisible part it played in making
things go. He had a vagrant fancy that
without It there would have been no zest
for. talk, no nolsv competition ' to over
come, no hurdles to leap. As It was. the
L^talk certainly went well, and Mrs. Dan
Inspected- the result of her work from
time to 4 time with' smiling satisfaction.
From across the table she heard Colonel
Drew's voice— "Brewster evidently objects
to a long siege. He Is planning to carry
us. by assault."
Mrs. Dan turned to "Subway" Smith,
who • was* at . her right— the latest addi
tion to her menagerie. "What Is this
friend, of yours J" she asked. "I have
never seen such complex simplicity. This
new plaything has no -real charm for him.
He is breaklng.lt to -find out what It Is
made of. And something • will happen
when he discovers- the sawdust."
"Oh, don't worry about him." said "Sub
way." easily; "iuonty's at least a good
sportsman. He won't complain, whatever
happens. He'll accept the reckoning and
pay the piper." '.
It was only toward the end of the even
ing that Monty found his reward in a mo
ment with Barbara Drew. He stood be
fore her, squaring; his shoulders belliger
ently . to keep away -intruders, and she
smiled up at him In that bewildering fash
ion of hera. But It was only for an In
stant, and then came a terrifying din from
the dining-room, "followed by the clamor
of crashing glass. The guests tried for
a moment to be courteously oblivious, but
the noise was so startling that such po
liteness became farcical. The host, with a
little laugh, went down. the hall. It was
the beautiful screen n#ar the ceiling that
had fallen. A' thousand pieces of shat
tered glass covered .the place. . The table
was a sickening heap of crushed orchids
and 'sputtering candles. Frightened ser
vants rushed Into the room from one side
just as Brewster entered from the other.
Stupefaction halted them. After the first
pulseless moment of horror, exclamations
of dismay went up on all sides. For
Monty Brewster the first sensation of re
gret was followed by a diabolical sense of
Joy.
"Thank the Lord!" he said softly In the
hush.
The look of surprise he encountered In
the faces of his guests brought him up
with a Jerk. , .
• "That -it didn't uappen .while we were
dining," he added with serene thankful
ness. And his nonchalance scored for him
In the idle game he was playing.
vn
¦ Mr. Brewster*B butler was surprised and
annoyed. For the first time In his official
career he had unbent so far as to mani
fest a personal Interest In the welfare of
his master. He was on the verge of as
suming a responsibility which makes any
servant- intolerable. But after his inter
view h« resolved that 'he would' never
again overstep his position. He made
sure that It should be the last offense.
The day following the dinner Rawles ap
peared before young Mr. Brewster and in
dicated by. his manner that the call was
an important one. . Brewster was seated
at his writing-table, deep In thought. The
exclamation that followed Rawles' cough
of announcement was so sharp and so un
mistakably fierce that all other evidence
paled Into insignificance. The butler's in
terruption came at a moment when
Monty's mental arithmetic was pulling it
self out of a very bad rut, and the cough
drove It back Into chaos. .
"What Is It?" he demanded irritably.
Rawles .had upset his. calculations to the
extent of seven or eight hundred dollars.
"I came to _¦ report h'an h'unfortunate
condition h'among the servants, sir," said
Rawles. stiffening as his responsibility be
came more and more weighty. .He had re
laxed temporarily upon entering the room.
"What's the trouble?"
"The trouble's h'ended, sir." •
"Then why bother me about it?"
"I thought it would be well for you to
know, sir. The servants was going to ask
for'igner wlges to-day, sir."
"You. say they were going to ask?
Aren't they?" And Monty's eyes lighted
up at the thought of new possibilities.
-¦ *.'I convinced . them, . sir. as how they
were. getting good pay as it Is, sir, and
that they ought to be satisfied: They'd be
a long time' finding a better place and as
gqpd_wlges. . . They. !aven't. been with you
a week, and here they are strikin' for
more pay. Really, sir, these American
servants " . •
"Rawles, that'll . do!" exploded Monty.
The butler's chin went up and his cheeks
redder than ever. . * .;¦
"I beg pardon, ' sir." : he gasped, with a
respectful but injured air.
."Rawles. you will kindly not, Interfere
in such matters again. It is not' only the
privilege., but the duty of every Ameri
can,to. strike for higher pay whenever he
feels like It, and I want' it distinctly un
derstood that I am heartily in favor of
their attitude. You will kindly go back
and. tell them that after a reasonable
length of . service their . wiges— I mean
wages— shall be Increased. And don't
meddle agaln.'Rawles." ' • -
Late that afternoon Brewster dropped in
at Mrs. DeMlJle's to talk over plans for
the next dinner. . He realized that in no
other way could he squander his money
with. a better chance of getting its worth
than by. throwing himself bodily into so
ciety. It went easily, and there could be
only one asset arising, from It In the end
—his own sense of disgust.
"So glad to see you,\ Monty," greeted
Mrs. Dan, glowingly, coming in with a
rush. "Come upstairs and I'll give you
some tea and a cigarette. I'm not at home
to anybody." • < v
"That's very good of you,' Mrs^ Dan,"
said he, as they mounted the stairs. "I
don't know ' what I'd do without your
help." He was thinking how pretty she
was. ¦
"You'd be richer, at any rate." turning
to 'smile upon him from the upper land
ing. "I was In team half the night,
Monty, over that glass screen," she said,'
after finding a comfortable place among
the cushions., of a 'divan.. Brewster
dropped into a roomy, lazy chair in front '
of her and j handed her a cigarette, as he
responded. carelessly: ..
"It Amounted to nothing. Of course. It
¦ was very annoying that It should happen
while th« guests were still there." Then
he added, gravely. "In strict confidence,
I had planned to have It fall Just, as we
were pushing back our chairs, but the
confounded thins disappointed, me. That's
the trouble with these automatic clim
axes; they usually hang tire- It was to
have been a aort of Fall of Babylon ef
fect, you know."
"Splendid! But like Babylon,' It fell at
the wrong time." ...
For a lively quarter of an hour they dis
cussed people about town, liberally ap
. proving the slandered and denouncing the
slanderers. A still busier quarter of an
hour ensued when together they made up
the list of dinner guests. * He moved a lit
tle writing- table up, to the divan, and she
looked on eagerly while he , wrota down
the names she suggested , after . many
puckertngs of her fair, aristocratic brow,
and then drew lines through them when
she changed her . mind. Mrs. Dan De-
Mille handled her people without gloves
in making up Monty's lists. The dinners
were not hers, and she could afford to do
as she pleased with his; he was broad
and tall and she was not slow to see that
he was indifferent. He did not care who
the guests were. or. how they came; he
merely wished to make sure of their pres
ence. His only blunder was the rather
diffident recommendation that Barbara
Drew be asked again. If he observed
that Mrs. . Dan's head sank a little closer
to the paper, he attached no importance
to the movement; he could not see that
her eyes grew narrow, and he paid no at
tention to the little catch in her breath.
"Wouldn't that be a little— Just a little
pronounced?" she asked, lightly enough.
"You mean— that people might talk?"
"She might feel conspicuously present."
"Do you think so? We are such good
friends, you know."
"Of course. If you'd like to. have her,"
slowly and doubtfully, "why, put her
name down. -But you evidently haven't
seen that." Mrs. Dan pointed to a copy
of the Trumpet which lay on the table.
When he had handed her the paper she
said, " The Censor* Is growing facetious
at your expense."
"I am getting on In soc.ety with a
vengeance If that ass starts In to wrlta
about me. Listen to this," she had point
ed out to him the obnoxious paragraph.
" 'If Brewster Drew a diamond flush, do
you suppose he'd catch the queen? And
If he caught her, how long do you think
she'd remain Drew? Or, If she Drew
Brewster, would she be willing to learn
such a game as Monte?' "
The next morning a writer who. signed
himself "The Censor" got a thrashing and
one Montgomery Brewster had his name
in the papers, surrounded by fulsome
words of praise.
VIIL
One morning not long after the Inci
dents Just related Brewster lay in bed.
staring at the celling, deep in thought.
There was a worried pucker on his fore
- head, half hidden by the rumpled hair,
and his eyes were wide and sleepless. Ho
had dined at the Drews' the evening be
fore and had had an awakening. As h«
thought of the matter he could recall no
special occurrence that he could really
use as evidence. Colonel and Mrs. Drew
had been as kind as ever and Barbara
could not have been more charming. But
something had gone wrong and he had
endured- a wretched evening.
"That little English Johnnie was to
blame," he argued. ."Of course, Barbara
had a right to put any one she liked next
to her, but why she should have chosen
that silly ass Is more than I know, j By
Jove, if I had been on the other side I'll
warrant his grace would have been lost
in the dust."
His brain was whirling and for the first
time he was beginning to feel the un
pleasant pangs of Jealousy. The Duke of
Beauchamp he especially disliked, al
though the poor man had hardly spoken
during the dinner. But Monty could not
be reconciled. He knew, of course, that
Barbara had suitors by the dozen, but It
had never occurred to him that they were
even seriously considered. Notwithstand
ing the fact that his encounter with "The
Censor" had brought her into undesirable
notice, she forgave him' everything after
a moment's consideration. The first few
wrenches of resentment were overbal
anced by her American appreciation of
chivalry, however inspired. "The Censor"
had gone for years unpunished, his coarse
wit being aimed at every one who had
come into social prominence. So pungent
and vindictive was his pen that other men
feared him, and there were many woo
lived in rlass houses In terror of a fusil
lade. Brewster's prompt and sufficient
action had checked the pernicious attacks
and he . became a hero among men and
women. After that night there was no
point to "The Censor's" pen. Monty's
first qualms of apprehension were swept
away when Colonel Drew himself bailed
him the morning after the encounter and
in no unmeasured terms congratulated
him upon his achievement, assuring him
that Barbara and Mrs. Drew approved,
although they might lecture him as a
matter of form.
But. on this morning, as . he. lay In .his
bed Monty was thinking deeply and pain
fully. He was confronted by a most em*
barrasslng condition and he was discuss
ing It soberly with himself. /'I've never
told her," he said to himself, "but If she
doesn't know my, feeling she Is not as
clever as I think. 'Besides, I haven't time
to make love to' her now. If it were any
other girl I suppose I'd have to, but Babs,
why, she must understand. And yet—
damn that Duke!" . - ,
In order to woo her . properly he would
be compelled to neglect financial duties
that needed every particle of brain en
ergy at his command.' He found himself
opposed at the outset by a startling em
barrassment, made absolutely clear by
the computations of the night before. The
last four days of indifference to finance
on one side, and pampering the heart on
the other had proved very costly. To us«
his own expression, he • had been "set
back" almost eight thousand dollars. An
average like, that would be ruinous.
"Why. think of it." he continued. "For
each day sacrificed to Barbara I must de
something like $2500. A long campaign
woujd put me irretrievably in the hole:
I'd get so far behind that a holocaust
couldn't put me even. She can't expect
that of me, yet girls are such idiots about
devotion, and, of course, she doesn't
know what a heavy task I'm facing. And
there are the others— what . will - they do
while I am out of the running? I cannot
go to her and say. 'Please may I have a
year's vacation? I'll come back next Sep
tember.' On the other hand. I shall sure
ly neglect my business if she expects me
to cbmpete. What pleasure shall I get
out of the seven millions If I lose her? I
can't afford to take chances. That Duke
won't have seven millions next Septem
ber, It's true, but he'll have a prodigious
argument against me, about the twenty
first or second." .
Then a' brilliant thought- occurred to
him which caused him to ring for a mes
senger boy with such a -show of Impa
tience that Rawles stood aghast. The tel
egram which Monty wrote was as follows
Swearengen Jones, fiutte, Montana — May X
marry and turn all property over to wife, pro
viding she will have me?
MONTGOMERY BREWSTER.--c, jVEX though It were
risky, one day. # while
r^HExrxarCsP come of the officers of
EtB ffirfJl Bengal Lancers
i\\H^Ptti*'^jl were tiger hunUny.
>kflK*K > .^sE ****¦ *°nnd a baby
'c^^Z^'&p'TtM tiger three months old
sssBJBf"**"*****™ and took It back to
cantonments and presented It to their
conuaandiar cflcer. Colonel McBrlde. In
CAUGHT IN THE FLASH OF STRIPED DEATH
By Harriett G. Canfield.
WHAT TINY PETER DID
(Copyright, 1903, by T. C. McClure,)
? — f $ — a KSEY GATES was the
| H seauty of Cane Creek
N J" neighborhood— even £is-
jct Meakins admitted as
(§ rnuch In cplte of robust
I (^4^'lf /^^/ir r€^ udlce - Ja^y would
fi*4!^s5!i^!^|3 nave teen likewise the
JHaffZsasB&gyg jelle if it had not been
accepted as a fact ever since she put up
her hair and let down her frocks that
» he was. in the neighborhood phrase,
"mortgaged property." Phil Mayben had
laid claim to her when the came hardly
to his elbow. He had, further, let no
body dispute the claim, even after she
came back from boarding-school, fear
fully and wonderfully accomplished. He
was a big fellow, square-jawed and
square-beaded, who cared nothing fcr
books unless they dealt with figures. At
figures he was marvelously quick and
clever — so clever It was nothing for him
to ejump successive schoolmasters, even
though they were college-bred, while he
knew nothing higher than the neighbor
hood academy.
Possibly it was a triumph of this sort
which had flret Incited the present school
master, I^eonard Trabue, to try con
clusions with him in the field of Miss
Janey's fa\'or. Janey loved books In the
freshest, most whole-hearted fashion —
Trabue could talk books by the hour, and
talk very welL Naturally he found bim
celf welcome at the Gates homestead.
Quite as naturally Phil Mayben resented
his presence there, and showed It out
right, after the manner of a masterful
man crazlly in love. Thus, by fate and
free wfll, and the obligation of hospital
ity, Janey was in a manner forced to
take Trabue's part. The result was a
very pretty quarrel, and the transfer of
Phil's attentions to Miss Dora Meakins.
There had been no set engagement to
break— that made Phil's attitude .all the
more aggravating. Janey was, for
months, bitterly unhappy over the rup
ture, although she let nobody see it— not
even her mother. Outwardly she was
gayer than ever, and so charming Mr.
Leonard Trabue quite lost his head. He
had meant at first only to . punish that
pestilent fellow, Mayben— incidentally, of
the picnic season opened in mid-May.
SJster Meakins and Sister Hodgin, self
elected social autocrats, got up the first
one and set the place for It— Clear Spring,
just a little way off the Gates' pasture.
The spring ¦was. in fact,* Gate*' property,
so Sister Meakins let the owner know she
thought it would be no more than neigh
borly of him to pu^ up the tables, seats
and stakes for the gypsy kettles, to say
nothing of the swings. There Phil May
ben interfered. "You don't play a lone
hand at this game with me around,
squire," he Bald to Janey's father. Thus
It ftll out that for two days before the
picnic he was nearly as much in Janey's
eyes as he had been all winter In her
mind.
It amazed. and somewhat frightened her
to find how equably she regarded him.
Squire Gates brought him to dinner
whether or no, and Janey shook hands
with him and chatted gayly throughput
the meal without the least flutter of the.
heart. She even watched him go away
with no access of sentiment.
If only Trabue had spoken there and
then! But he was invisible until next
day. The picnic crowd gathered early.
Phil was the life of it, though Dora Mea
kins stuck to him like a limpet. He even
bowed civilly to Trabue, who hung about
Janey, his eyes downcast, his look pre
occupied. The end of the school term was
just three weeks ahead. Before he came
to that parting of the ways he felt that
he must know exactly where ¦ he stood.
Janey had grown distinctly kinder— stfll
there was something in her kindness that
put him farther off. She would be an
ideal wife for him. A bold stroke would
do it now — a year hence would be quite
too late.
While the laughing and chatter were at
flood he drew her apart and poured out to
course, to divert himself and pass time
otherwise heavy on his hands. Teaching
was merely a stop-gap. Literature was
his chosen vocation. He meant to enter
upon It through the gate of newspaper
work as soon as he could scrape together
a few hundred dollars.
The Gateses were not rich folk, but still
comfortably off, and Janey an only child.
It is but Just to say the fact had little to
do with Trabue's falling in love. That
came upon him unawares. But once he
had realized his frame of affections, he
took full cognisance of it. Might It not
be easier to make himself immortal even
here In the deep country, with a charming
wife, and assured comfort, than out in
the hustle and hurly-burly of a city? To
settle It out of hand, he proposed plumply
to Janey. He was dazed to get a refusal,
distressed, almost tearful.
Next week' the county paper printed,
with flattering comments, a love rhyme,
signed "Leofric." Cane Creek read It, be
cause reading the paper through was cer
tainly the part of thrift If not of Chris
tian duty. Still It felt no curiosity as to
the authorshiD until the rural press quite
generally copied and praised the rhyme. A
second bit of verse got reprinted In three
city papers, so, upon the appearance of
the third, Leofric's identity became a
burning question— one that the editor him
self could not answer. All he knew was
that the copy came to him by the hand
of Mr. Murdock, a leading lawyer.
All winter long Leofric wrote Intermit
tently, becoming more and more a riddle
and a personage. AH winter long, too,
Phil Mayben ate Sunday dinners at the
Meakins' table, and Leonard Trabue
talked books and the world to Janey
Gates. He was playing a waiting game
resolved to win her. In spite of herself and
Phil Mayben.
Janey's heart was singularly steadfast:
still, there were times when she thought
Trabue would succeed. Phil's going had
left her desolate, indeed; he could never
have cared as he pretended, or he would
not be able to stay away. Of course, she
could not make the first move to reconcil
iation, especially einc"e he was so. taken
up with the Meakins' generation. Since
he was forever lost to her. It was far
from unpleasant to sun herself in Tra
bue's devotion.
Spring came with such a rush that year
had fits. Billy Barnes had said so. Peter
was thinking seriously of getting his
pitcher and treating Mr. Pnillet to a
shower bath when the door-knob turned
and his Aunt Bertha came into the room.
To his delight the minister rose from, his
chair.
"Why, Mr. PhWet!" she said, "what la
the matter? Your face is so flushed; hxv«
you a fever?"
"No," Peter called down. "I guess it
was a fit." Aunt- Bertha looked op.
"What does the child mean?" she said,
turning to th» minister.
"I'll tell you." shouted Peter, "I
said ha ate all the chicken he could
hold, and he says it's ( so. and I
said he came hers to see you. and he says
it's a story— he didn't Jest say so. but ha
thinks so. and It give him a fit. X guess."
Bertha's face was as red as the minis
ter's. "Of course, Mr. Phillet doesn't
come here to see me, Peter!" she said
severely. Aunt Bertha had never spoken
to him like that before. He shut his eyes
to keep the tears back. When he opened
them the minister was looking up at him.
"Come down here, Peter," he said, "and
change places with your Aunt Bertha. It
is she who tells a story— you are truth It
self 1 I do come here to see her. but I've
been afraid to say so. You see she doesn't
care for ma at all. Peter."
Then his Aunt Bertna said something
very disrespectful (Peter thought) to the
minister. She said— very low— "Who is
telling a story now? It is you who should
go upstairs!"
But neither of them came up. They
moved into a corner of the room, where
Peter couldn't see them at all. And by
and by his mother came in and said sup
per wis ready.
Peter began to undress— very slowly,
for his stomach was empty, and he had
almost decided to go down and say that
he was sorry, but it was all true. He was
putting on his coat again when his mother
came into the room. She kissed his
freckled, little. face, and said soothingly,
"Go down, dear, and eat your supper
now. Aunt Bertha has a big dish of
peaches and cream ready for you. The
minister has explained everything— ho
says you did him a great kindness."
Peter wondered what it was.
excuse me," she said, "while I whip some
cream for the peaches."
Peter's mouth watered— peaches and
whipped cream! He didn't know they
were to .have that! No wonder the min
ister looked pleased! He watched him
seat himself In the easiest chair In the
room; It was directly under the stovepipe
hole. An Idea came Into Peter's little
closely-cropped head— he would fish the
tidy from the back of the minister's
chair! But scarcely had he dropped his
hook and line when the minister looked
up and caught him.
"Come down and see me," he said, Just
like an every-day man.
"Can't," Peter said.
"Why not?" the minister asked, getting
up from his chair. "Have to catch the
fish for supper?" he said laughingly, with
a glance at the hook and line.
Peter blushed through his freckles. "No.
sir," he said, "ma says I can't come down
till I say I'm sorry."
"Sorry for what, Peter?"
"Sorry I told such a story, 'bout you!"
"About me?" \he minister said.
"Yes, sir; I— I— said you was fond of
chicken."
Mr. Phillet laughed heartily. "That
isn't a story." he said, "I am!"
"That ain't all," Peter confessed. "I
said you ate all the chicken you could
hold."
Mr. Phillet blushed guiltily. "I'm afraid
I am something of a p-i-g. when there's
chicken before' me. Was that all you
said. Peter?"
"No, sir; I said "
"Yes?" the minister prompted him gen
tly. "You said "
"I said you came here to see Aunt
Bertha," he blurted out.
The. Rev. Mr. Phillet sat down again
in his chair and gasped. "Did your
Aunt Bertha- hear you say that?" he
asked feebly.
1 "No, sir; don't 'you worry, sir— she
wa'n't anywhere around."
Mr. Phillet was silent so long that Peter
grew uneasy. He cleared his throat in
hopes that the minister would look up,
but he didn't; he sat still— so very still
that Peter imagined all manner of dread
ful things— probably he was dead, or hav
ing a fit! That was it— he was having a
fit! They threw water on folks when they
(Copyright, 1903. by T. C. McClure.)
it — a-ik jII Peter!" Mrs. Gray
(^mpift^nwf) 6on called. "Come In
and Ket your * ace
jSfl&.iH&ifl K washed. The minister
VHSSBSB r§ * 8 com * n ** to tea!"
iJ^HHRr^fll Peter was little; he
ngMj^^Mtf- hated soap and water—
ij^fanBOHQoBESand ministers, so he
said, "Plague take It!" under his breath,
and came In at a snail's pace.
"What's he corain* for?" he asked, re
sentfully, while his mother poked a wash
cloth uncomfortably around his ear?
"To visit your father and me," Mrs.
Grayson said, complacently.
"No, he ain't, neltaer! He's comln* to
see Aunt Bertha, and eat all the chicken
he can hold, jest like he did last time."
"Peter Grayson," his . mother said se
verely, "go right straight up to your room
and undress and go to bed. I won't allow
such ' disrespectful language to go unpun
ished—and there isn't a word of truth In
it."/ .•:;;;'; .\,i~%:.l
Peter started for the stair door, sniffing
hungrily ' as he passed the loaded table.
"You can come down and eat your sup
per when you're ready* to say you're sor
ry for telling such a story," his mother
called, relentlngly.
Peter's room was directly over the par
lor. When there was talking down below
he could hear It distinctly. It was warm
•weather; now, and the stove had been
taken down, so that he could see, as well
as hear. When the doorbell rang he lay
flat on his stomach and watched his
mother usher the Rev. Mr. Phillet into
the parlor. "I snail have to ask yqji to
her his hopes, aspirations, plans. Love
he barely named— might they not, Ke
pleaded, be Intellectual comrades? Sus
tained by her companionship, lie felt him
self capable of great things— he had al
ready made a beginning, and *he was all
unwittingly the inspiration of what he
had done.
There he tried to take her hand. Janey
withdrew it gently. "Tell me all about
It,'.' she whispered, a hovering smile
about her lips. Trabue bent her ear and
said hurriedly: ."You must not mention
it. sweetheart, but I am Leofric— Leofric.
who wrote desolate and despairing things
because you refused him."
"Indeed!" Janey said, getting up from
her "mossy rock to slip past him. Then
over her shoulder added: "You will please
wait until after noon for your answer. I
must go help about the dinner."
Dinner was so fine a feast Lawyer Mur
dock declared he felt more than paid for
his long drive out from town. He was
Squire Gates' man of business and Janey's
sworn friend. Therefore i}obody won
dered at their confidential talk aside, and
even Phil Mayben smiled approval when
the Umlyer kissed Janey In greeting. But
be sure there was a stir as Lawyer Mur
dock DUllea Janey to the middle of the
crowd, raised his voice, and said, with
twinkling eyes: "Ladles and gentlemen,
I like unmasking humbugs, so permit me
to present to you— Leofric. the poetess of
Cane Creek. Don't remember it against
her that she is a poetess— It's all the
fault of that scoundrel, Phil Mayben-r-r"
"It won't be any longer, Mr. Murdock,"
Phil said, bursting through the crowd to
catch Janey in his arms and hide her
blushes in his breast. "I know/ I've been
seven kinds of a fool," he went on. ;.' "I
don't deserve Janey— nobody does, for
that matter; but I'm going to have her,
or die trying."
"You've got her,'" Lawyer Murdock
said, wringing Phil's hand. Dora Meak
lns -turned her back ; and went off with
her head high, but Mr. Leonard Trabue
stayed not on the order of his going. No
body In Cane Creek neighborhood ever
saw him acain.
By MartKa McCtillocK Williams.
MYSTERIOUS LEOFRIC
"There Was a Boar and a Bound, and He Went Down in a Flash."
due time the beast became full-grown and
was in and out of the bungalow like a
favorite dog. He was apparently tame,
but now and then be moped and snarled
and betrayed the ferocity lying dormant
in bis nature, but on such occasions he
was given the whip and always crouched
in submission at his master's feet. Like
the average dog, the tiger had his likes
and dislikes of men. Some of the officers
never laid hands on his head without be
ing rewarded by a low, deep growl, while
he was ready to welcome and make
friends with others. Among the former
was Major Swift. He had been exchanged
from an English cavalry regiment and
been received! cordially. He was a gay
bachelor of 40, supposed to be possessed
of a large income, and a man who was
first in society and sport of all kinds.
That he had lived a fast life was known
to all, but that fact was not permitted
to count against' him. His many friends
boasted of his gains or losses on the race
track or at cards, and held him up as
free-handed and a good fellow.
There had Just been a breath of scan
dal about the major at Allahabad. It had
been softly -whispered that he had run
through his patrimony and was 1 hard up,
and that bis success at cards was not al
ways due to luck alone. These whispers
did not circulate far and were stamped
as the result of spite and Jealousy. No
one but the major himself knew that
they were founded on fact and that they
were the sole reason for his exchange.
He was tendered a farewell banquet by
the officers of his late regiment and the
soldier or civilian who had dared to re
peat the gossip of Allahabad would have
been silenced very quickly. Had the ma
jor been a man to take any one into his
confidence and reveal his true situation
he would have been obliged to eay:
"At 40 years old I am without a dollar
1 cart call my own. My estate Is mort
gaged for its full value; I am in debt
to the money lenders; my last two horses
are not paid for: I owe my tailors and
am being pressed for payment and if I
Ehould lose £20 at cards to-nlgh't I should
have to borrow, the money to pay the
debt of honor. I am simply living on my
past reputation as a man of money, and
I see no way to better my circumstances
except to become a card sharp and fleece
the officers at this cantonment."
That would have been the truth and
only the truth, but the major would have
sent a bullet through his head rather
than make any such admission.
There was much sporting blood in the
Bengal Lancers, and the officers played
for high stakes. The major did not have
to encourage them to gamble; they were
waiting for him, but they soon had cause
to regret that he had appeared. His bets
were high and his luck phenomenal. But
for his continued extravagance he could
, (Copyright, 1903. by T. C. McClure.)
. V JJ ITH Miss Merriam the
incredible had hap
l^wMW'In pencd. She was tired
'yBftgfE&iR, ot hearing that she was
Vwlmir beautiful. From her
/fSwalfflval^ earliest recollections
]*^JyrAJ?Sl strangers had ex
fi*ffi~~™*^n&fi claimed over her pretty
face, and her lovers, one after another,
had rung the variations on the same
theme. Miss Merriam listened politely to
their extravagances and found herself ex
tremely bored.
"To be loved for your face Is like being
loved for your fortune," Miss Merriam
cenfided to ; her Journal. '"Beauty has
wings Just as truly as riches. If a- man
falls in love with your complexion, what
is he going to do when you come down
with the smallpox? If I were a pretty
fool I might be perfectly satisfied with
things as they are, but I know I'm worth
loving for myself— if only they had the
sense to find it out."
Unfortunately for themselves, "Miss Mer
riam's adorers never suspected her pecu
liar views. If there had been one of their
number shrewd enough to compliment her
Intellect Instead of her dimples and to
have talked about her sparkling wit rath
er than her Bparkling eyes, he would have
found the short cut^to her heart. As it
was, they were unanimous in deciding
that the aforementioned article had been
omitted from her composition. And Miss
Merriam expressed her displeasure in the
following paragraph in her Journal:
"Beauty! beauty! beauty! #How tiresome
it all is. I wish I might never . hear I
was beautiful again."
Rash prayers sometimes bring unwel
come answers. Not very many days later
the city was electrified by the news that
Miss Merriam had been thrown from her
automobile at a well-known watering
place and seriously injured. Pictures of
the beauty appeared In all the leading
newspapers of the country, with reference
to her possible disfigurement. Miss Mer
riam'3 relatives when appealed to on this
important point refused to say anything
to relieve the suspense or to satisfy the
popular curiosity. And the explanation
of their reticence was apparent when
Miss Merriam made her appearance in so
ciety a few weeks later. Across the fault-
less curve of the girl's cheek ran an un
sightly scar, a scar so aggressively prom
inent that it held the attention of the ob
server and made him forgetful of all else.
It seemed likely that Miss Merriam was
to have her heart's desire and never again
be forced to hear that she was beautiful.
Lloyd Hollister saw her for the first
time at one of the opening functions of
the season, a few days- after his return
from abroad. "Notice that girl over
there," a friend said, pulling his sleeve.
"Last spring she was the 'beautiful Miss
Merriam.', and see her now. Hard luck.
Isn't it?"
Hollister looked as directed. He saw
a small head 'regally carried, a mass of
dazzling hair and eyes that shot violet
lights from under their arched brows.
Then Miss Merriam turned her head and
he eaw the scar and nothing else.
"I'd be sorrier for her," the man- at his
elbow went on, "If she hadn't turned
down half the fellows in her set I guess
she thought she was good for a duke
with that face of hers. Introduce you.
did you say? Why, certainly, my dear
fellow."
It was the Innate chivalry of Hollister's
nature which had prompted him to ask
the honor of Miss Merriam's acquain
tance. He was as sorry for the girl as
he was disgusted with -the cold-blooded
comments of tha man who had pointed
her out to him. For the first few mo
ments of their conversation he unscrupu
lously kept his eyes away from her. He
could not bear to witness the beauty In
eclipse, and he fancied that she) who had
been so used to reading admiration in
the eyes of every man must wince at the
pity which tact could not conceal.
Presently he found that admiration was
getting the better of his sympathy. This
quondam beauty was not crushed by her
misfortune. She met this thunderbolt of
fate's spite with a gallant courage which
quickened Holllster's pulses. Her easy
gayety. her apparent unconsciousness of
her situation, appealed to him as no wom
an's beautv had ever done. He made
the discovery that Miss Merriam was
brilliant, if not longer beautiful, and that
her cleverness, unlike that of many of
her sex, owed nothing to ill nature.
In the months that followed he saw a
great deal of Miss Merriam. It was clear
that the girl's liking for social pleasure
remained unaltered by the change in her
circumstances. She went everywhere,
and to all appearances enjoyed herself in
spite of the sudden falling off In the num
ber of her admirers. There had been a
time when the man who wished a word
with the beautiful Mls3 Merriam was
obliged to fight his way through a double
ring of black coats, but Hollister had no
difficulty in gaining her side whenever he
went. Yet the deposed queen of hearts
seemed so unconscious of anything about
her which called for sympathy that Hol
llster suppressed his pity as if it had been
a form of disloyalty. And after a time
he no longer found this difficult. He ad
mired Miss Merriam too much to be sorry
for her. In every quality of mind and
heart she met his ideal of what a woman
Fhould be. As for the scar, he looked at
it now unshrinkingly. Whatever he did
he meant to act with his eyes open.
The night he asked her to marry him
they sat In Miss Merriam's little library,
where the flickering light of the grate
fell full upon her face. No man worthy
of the name Is voluble when he lays his
heart and life in the hollow of a woman's
hand. Hollister stammered through his
lovemaklng like a boy. As he went on
Miss Merriam turned away her face so
that the profile was toward him. The
light of the fire flashed on the scar, and It
stood out in livid relief. As a rule Hol
llster was not fanciful, but for an in
stant the gash seemed the mocking mouth
of a demon, stretched In a fiendish grin.
Holllster waited for a long time for an
answer to his question. Miss Merriam's
face was averted and he could see that
she was stirred by some strong emotion.
When he made a movement to take her
hand she turned toward him suddenly,
and he saw that her eyes were brimming
with tears.
"You are a brave man, Mr. Holllster,"
she said in a' voice not quite steady.
"Have you thought of this?" Her fingers
touched the scar with a strange, half
caressing gesture. "Have you thought
what It will mean to have every passer-by
look at your wife pityingly and whisper
as you pass?" * ',,
"I love you." was Holllster's answer.
"If there is a hard thing In your life It Is
my right to share it." Then his head
whirled at the* look of sudden adoration
that leaped from her eyes.
"Oh. I wanted to find a man like you,"
Miss Merriam whispered. "I was sure
there must be such a one in the world."
And then she was In his arms, with the
poor, scarred cheek pressed to him. sob
bing out her heart in a burst of exultant
triumph that enraptured him without his
understanding it In the least.
When they said good-night Miss Mer
riam clung to her lover as If reluctant to
let him out of her sight. "I must see you
in the morning, dearest," she said. "You
must spare me a few moments." And
Hollister, who was looking forward to the
separation of a few hours as if It had
been as many weeks, agreed with a sud
den lightness of heart.
He wondered a little when he came next
morning that she should keep him wait
ing. His heart leaped at every footstep
In the hall for the first half-hour, and
when at last she stole Into the room, clos
ing the door behind her. she took him by
surprise. Holllster sprang to his feet, then
stood staring blankly.
An enchanting face smiled up at him.
a face rosy with blushes. He saw the
play of the dimples and the curve of the
cheek as if he were looking on It for the
first time. The scar was gone.
"My God!" said Hollister helplessly,
and he dropped into a chair, bis own face
dead pale. Miss Merriam ran to him and
dropped on her knees beside his chair,
looking Into his eyes with a fascinating
mixture of timidity and confidence.
"Forgive me. dearest. Don't be angry
¦with me for deceiving yon. If you only
knew how tired I grew of men who
couldn't see anything in me to love but
my pretty face. That little accident with
my automobile was too good an oppor
tunity to mi3s, and the scar was easily
put on. An actress showed me how to
do it. but I flatter myself that after a
little I improved upon my teacher/*
Sho smiled at Holllster shyly and did
not seem to find his silence discouraging.
"Please don't say you like me better th«
other way. I almost grew to hate my
beauty when it blinded people to all the
rest in me. but now I'm glad to have It
to give to the man who loved m« for
myself."
Several complexion specialists claimed
the credit for removing the scar that had
ruined Miss Merriam's beauty and reaped
golden harvests thereby. But the beauti
ful Miss Merrlam never regained her
title, for the reason that her identity was
soon merged in that of the beautiful Mrs
Holllster.
By Hattie T. Lummis.
THE BEAUTIFUL MISS MERRIAM
ava paid oft much of his Indebtedness
with the money' won during the first six
weeks. Those not In the game praised
his nerve and talked of his luck; those
who always came out losers did a great
deal of thinking, but were silent. At the
end of two months whispers ' were heard
again. No one could trace them to any
authentic source, and they did not exact
ly charge the major with card sharping,
but when they reached the colonel's ears
he listened and planned. He himself had
been a heavy and continuous loser, and
had not always been a philosopher as his
gold changed hands. There had been
games at his bungalow as well as else
where and the first time that Major Swift
made his appearance there those In his
company bad considerable curiosity to
know how he would be received by the
colonel's pet.
The tiger no sooner caught sight of the
new officer than he ceased to frolic and
became sulky and morose. There was
no outbreak of temper, but he lay down
and fastened his eyes on the major as
if reading him through and through and
it was evident that there was dislike and
distrust of the man. The beast contin
ued his glare until the colonel's man was
ordered to take him away and tie him
up. The colonel had said nothing to any
of th« officers, but he 'had secretly de
termined to watch the major's play and
discover if there was a cause for his win
ning the way he did. The major could
hav« had no hint of it, and yet perhaps
intuition had given him warning, and he
was not himself at all. He played and
won. but he also played and lost, and
his losses •were far greater than his gains.
Seated at his right hand and taking no
active part in the game was the colonel,
and he never left his chair from first to
last. The major came out loser by £200
On the next night he lost £73; on the
third night £100. He made good his first
two losses from his former gains, but
when he rose from the third sitting he
knew that he would have to borrow of a
brother officer to pay his losses.
The officer had not been detected cheat
ing, but he had been out of luck. The
colonel may have put two and two to
gether in his own mind and so perhaps
might one or two of the players, but the
party broke up with the greatest appar
ent good feeling all around, and half an
hour later the colonel was In bed. He
v/as a sound sleeper, and it was partly
for this reason that at night the tiger
was given free range of the bungalow.
There were no sentinels stationed outside
the , place, but a native watchman slept
on the veranda. At 2 o'clock In the morn
ing this man slept and the colonel was
In dreamland. The tiger was stretched
on the floor, blinking and dozing, when
he suddenly pricked up his ears and
opened wide his eyes. He had heard a
step on the earth outside. As he listened
the step came nearer. It being in the
heat of the summer, the doorways were
guarded only by mats. Presently the an
imal saw one of these slightly move and
ho got the scent of a stranger. He did
not growl or spring up, but the fire In
his eyes grew brighter and his teeth be
gan to show. The man, who slowly and
carefully pushed the mat aside and crept
Into the room, which was one in which
the guests had been entertained that
night, ought to have caught the blaze of
the tiger's eyes In the darkness, but he
did not. With footfalls as gentle as a
hare's he stole across the room to the
colonel's desk. The desk had been care
lessly left unlocked and he took from it
a bag containing the money to be given
to the winning horses of the races to be
held a week later. There was £600 in the
bag, and the robber had Just turned from
the desk to make his stealthy escape
when there was a roar and a bound and
he went down with a crash. It was
hardly a minute before the colonel was
at hand with a light, but the beast bad
done his work. A blow from his paw
as he sprang had broken the man's neck,
and teeth and claws were still at work.
He was promptly shot, and then th«
colonel bent down and rolled the dead
man over that he might see his fa?e.
"God. but it's the major!" be gasped
out as he started back. "It's the Major
and he has the bag of money clutched ia
his hand!"
THE SUNDAY CALL.
4
THE SUNDAY GALL^S
Two pull Pages of trje Cleverest FictioQ by the Cleverest Writers
HALT-HOUR J .ST0RIEOES .ory Is Justly notorious to-day.
The murderer's guests were at first
charmed by their host's irreproachable
courtesy. His wines were of the finest
quality and he was most generous with
them, although he personally did not Im
bibe over-freely. . His slaves came to the
table and vanished at a gesture of his
hand. Certainly it was a most orderly
house In this respect.
Strange to say, there was never more
than one guest In the castle at a time.
To this day it Is said, "They were come
and gone rapidly."
"They treat me badly," Hutchison used
to say, with a queer smile. "They know I
love to have them visit me, and I am al
ways sorry I could not keep them
longer." It was the desire of this blood,
thirsty tiger to have the pleasure of kill
ing his victims over again.
Hutchison would award the finest room
In the castle to the passing guest and the
household would seemingly retire. But
in the night the door leading to the con
ning tower would open and a ray of
starlight reveal the demoniacal face of
the betrayed girl's brother.
"Against all men!" he would mutter
and steal into his guest's room. The
explosion of a Horse pistol was the sig
nal for several stalwart slaves to drag
the victim's body to a cave near the
house.
In this cave no less than thirty bodies
were hidden, their mutilated skeletons
being afterward discovered.
This castle of crime continued to flour
ish until the year 1773, when a traveler
who was seeking shelter one night saw
and heard things which decided him in
choosing the sward for a couch and the
stars for a coverlet. He communicated
his discovery to the Government at Span
ish Town, with the result that an inves
tigation was ordered. f
One of Hutchison's slaves heard that
the soldiers were coming to look at the
famous scenery around "Edinburgh Cas
tle" and warned his master. The mur
derer thought that the Bcenery would In
ho way suffer by his absence and fled to
the Jungle.
When the soldiers arrived they found
some interesting relics in the black cave,
and sought to thank Mr. Hutchison for
his hospitality. But the host at that mo
ment was drifting In an open boat on
the Caribbean Sea to the north of the
island. Intent upon reaching Cuba and
safety. * .
The Jamaican Government beat the Jun
gle for several days, then gave up the
chase after a supposed suicide.
Admiral Rodney, who was then cruis
ing in West Indian waters, was return
ing to Port Royal, when from the quar
terdeck of his battleship he espied a
speck upon the ocean. It was a drifting
boat. In It Rodney found a man dying
of thirst. The castaway was picked 1 trp
and restored to consciousness. It was
Hutchison.
When the murderer learned that he
was aboard of a British battleship bound
for Port Royal he wanted to Jump over
board. Rodney's sailors restrained him.
however, feeling some pity for the man,
not knowing the real reason for his oft
attempted suicide. They believed his suf
ferings bad rendered him Insane.
In the meantime the Jamaican Govern
ment had gathered such evidence that,
when Hutchison arrived at the capital,
Spanish Town, he was promptly tried and
sentenced to be hanged.
On the night before his execution the
murderer, wrote his last will and testa
ment "Don the wall of his prison cell.
He left freedom and wealth to his slaves
(none of whom waited for freedom when
the soldiers came), reserving only £100
for the erection of a tombstone over hla
own head. The following lines are en
graved on the stone. In accordance with
the desire expressed in his will: .
LEWIS HUTCHISON,
Hanged in Spanish Town, Jamaica.
On the 16th Mornlnj? of March, In the
Year of His Lord. 1773.
Aged 40 Tears.'
Their sentence, pride and malice I defy.
Despise their power, and like a Roman die.
After writing these lines he cursed all
men anu —ed.
When the fly accepted the spider did the
rest. For the "rest" Hutchison's mem-
Bald tha cplder to the fly.
In these days the island of Jamaica,
West Indies, was the dumping ground
for every scapsgraoe son and ne'er-do
weel disowned by Indignant parents. The
home of former pirates was also a harbor
of refuge for criminals from the other
sidewalks of life.
Hutchison escaped to Jamaica, where
be bought a tract of land near Pedro, St.
Ann. There he built a residence, which
In the bitterness of his heart he named
Edinburgh Castle.
The house had a conning tower with
little windows and was built on the sum
mit of a ridge commanding a view of the
country for miles around. Here the mur
derer lived with a number of brutal ne
groes, all of whom were enslaved to their
master's criminal vows. ,
Hutchison never worked, never read
books and seldom ate or slept, it Is said.
He spent his days In the conning, tower,
with a powerful telescope scanning the
orange *and pimento groves that stretched
away In the vista of a man-cursed para
dise. When a traveler hove in sight this
mysterious man dispatched a negro slave
on horseback with a pressing invitation
to come and dine at "Edinburgh Castle"—
Why, spend a few days or so.
There was nothing suspicious about this
Invitation. Even to this day Jamaica is
famous for its hospitality. Not even an
utter stranger need feel any hesitation
to-day about accepting such an Invita
tion as Hutchison urged if pressed by
a modern Jamaican planter.
But In Hutchison's case hesitation and
refusal meant a great deal to the Invited
guest. It was parallel with the old nur
sery rhyme:
"Will yon w&lk Into my parlorT"
Tie yocsg lord referred to became en
tnored of this beautiful girl, and In time
ehe became the victim of a foolish and
disastrous Infatuation on her own port.
Then love died, as the young woman did
ehortly afterward cf chaine and a broken
heart.
Letrta Hutchison, the brother, then
swore tn oath of vengeance against ail
men and particularly against the young
and thoughtless lord. One night the two
men met on a lonely read on the out
skirts cf Edinburgh. There was an alter
cation, followed by a sword thrust, and
Hutchison fled the country, leaving bis
first victim's body In a ditch.
Early In the eighteenth century. It ap
peared, a Scotsman named Lewis Hutchi
son lived with an only sister on the estate
of a young lord near Edinburgh. Th-j sis
ter was the only relative Hutchison pos
sessed, and, apart from her great beauty,
he loved her as a man loves his all In
life.
When her ladyship recovered her nerves
ruSdently to make Investigations she un
earthed the story of the skeletons.
When Sir Henry was Governor of Ja
maica, a few years ago. Lady Blake was
as much la love with the scenic beauty
of the ;«>"/< as her husband was with
Its politics. She spent moat of her time
la the Jusgle. exploring with her party
the wonderful caverns with which the
oolony Is quaintly enriched.
One afternoon her dauntless ladyship
was lowered down a "sink hole" In the
recesses of a cave near St. Azns Bay.
When, after wild slgcallsg. ehe was
hauled up her womanshlp was much per
turbed. At the bottom of the "sink hole"
Lady Blake had discovered numerous
skeletons, all with their heads battered
In,
j-tl__c3 LTHOUGH Lady Blake
\^~/m^vvv.'[| Governor of that ls-lanu.
'¦^'/'^Wfll b " fcrgcttea her exj>«
|| C^jjffiv^ifi^.l rlence la a West In
'^¦^T*. 1 1 if i «iV fmA <u»a cave.
By A. S. Richardson.
HOME TEATHER
By Blair Eton.
LOVE'S POTION
• ( •
flesh U heir to. Mr. Bquabs would put on and not telling It If the pernicious habit blanca of a ¦'•^""jSfS? JJiSnl
his most superior air, borrowed for the of truthfulness ever becomes chronlo hard rain. He came home one "Untof
evening from the office boy. and descant among women, divorces will be as plen- with a look of «« B Jj n * d £2™%
a few long-distance descants on the in- tiful as negro nurses of the late O. broad-chested woe on hls^ face^ ths*™*"
nate superiority of men over women In Washington or bolos at a Filipino peace have done credit a P"**"*™ h £
every particular. Mr. Squabs could Jump conference. morlst. He was dy ing, th; at was all he
up and do a double reverse descant with When Mrs. Squabs' parent on her knew. Already he could hear^ the gx eat
both hands tied behind him any time. father's side departed this vale of tears waves breaking on the further sho re.
"My dear." he would say, and when a and golf tournaments, not to mention the Mrs. Squabs assured him that the near
man says my dear he Is either preaching less Important trials of life, leaving Mrs. est thing to a wave that be could near
or apologizing. "My dear, you should be Squabs disconsolate and $150,000 In cold was a leaky pipe in the kitchen sin*,
stronger. Control yourself. Do you ever cash-cold for lack of exercise-Squabs but he wouldn't have It that way. Me
see me yield to little ills or worries, and called her attention to the fortitude with could feel his feet getting cold already .
consider; how many of the gas bills and which he bore up under the heavy bur- he didn't pause to reflect that If cow
bobtailed flushes of outrageous fortune den of grief and slmoleons. It was the feet were a certain indication or im-
I have tW bear?" same way, when Mrs, Squabs' mother's pending dissolution, the attractive but
Mrs. Squabs might have reminded him two months' visit in the Squabs domin- slippery poker chip would be a close
that he didn't have to bear being married die came to an end. The equanimity and second to the ravenous automobile as an
to a man named Squabs, but that would fortitude with which Bquabs bore all of eliminator of foolishness from tne race
have been impolite as well as unwise. Mrs. Squabs' troubles would have gained of the earth. .
Half the domestic trouble in the world is him a life membership in any phllos- He called his family around him, bade
due to some rash woman telling her hus- ophers* union. In the country. them a long, farewell between gasps, and
band the truth about himself. The other But there came a time when all his expressed his regret to Mrs. Squabs that
hajf is due to women finding out the truth philosophy was knocked into the sem- he, hadn't been a better husband to her.
The fact that lovely woman aforesaid Is
almost invariably towing some represent
ative' of the opposite— or contrary— sex
around by the nose doesn't seem to alter
the face of the matter, or of the man.
From the cradle to the grave man Is the
slave of circumstance, although the cir
cumstance Is often attractively gowned
and the chains diplomatically concealed.
The saying of that wise old specialist In
matrimony, J. Solomon, Esq., that wine,
women, horses and the trusts are respon
sible for most of the trouble In the world
may be true, but It Is equally true that
most men sneak off behind some poor lit
tle woman when they get Into trouble
from any of the other causes.
However that may be, Mr. Squabs was
every inch a man when it came to plty
lng women. Whenever Mrs. Squabs had
a headache or had been beaten out by a
nose at the bi-weekly euchre handicap or
had been Introduced to Mrs. Vander
snobs' new hat or was suffering from any
of the other numerous ills that feminine
n^ba^yj^* 0 tor hl8 wlf e> So dld oth "
cr people ' but not for
t tne «ame reason. They
f 'rHiv7§&f/»*a pltie<s hcr becaUB9 Bhe
I*- Xj^yTEH^w wa8 MrB# Squabs.
|Tg^^^^^| Squabs was sorry for
l/fTr^Ci^ **•* : her because she was a
woman. There was nothing unusual about
that, because it has been the common
theory of the male sex from the time of
Father Adam down. ; .VC.- '\
He didn't regret It half as much as she
did, but she was kind enough to let that
pass. Incidentally he filled Mrs. Squabs'
hand In beautiful fashion by confessing
to various and sundry small sins that shs
hadn't been able to get next to, thereby
giving her a lead over him that he will
never be able to overcome.
Mrs. Squabs didn't waste any time
shedding the bitter tear of sorrow, but
got busy with a hot water bottle and a
mustard plaster. For an hour Squabs
lingered on the brink of what he insisted
was the cold and' silent grave: then he
concluded to ante up and take cards
again. When the doctor arrived— Mrs.
Squabs had sent for him more as an evi
dence of good faith than because she
thought he was likely to be needed— he
found Squabs sitting up and taking
notice, supplemented by a large. bowl of
soup. The doctor's "verdict was that a
lunch of deviled lobster plus a Quarter
section of green cucumber equals a tem
porary regret for a wasted life. In fact.
It's the only way some men can feel
sorry for their sins. The doctor also re
marked that Mrs. Squabs had hustled
around pretty lively for a woman who
had had two teeth pulled that day and
was looking forward to securing a de
cree of absolute divorce from one more
refractory ; molar on the day following.
This teaches us, if It teaches anything,
that. if it were" not for. the clinging vines
half of ; the sturdy . oaks in the world
would ¦ get tired of growing and go out
of business before their leaves were half
open. '
Fables For tHo FoolisK— By Nicholas Nemi
THE DOWNFALL OF A STURDY OAK.
laney was waiting for him.
"Now, about this prayer-meeting busi
ness. Shorty," Dawson began.
Shorty's eyes flashed fire. - •
"If you fellows have been shadowing me
there's likely to be a rough house here."
he said. He stood glaring about him 'for
a moment, thea turned ea his heel and
went to bed.
There have been many vague theories
advanced and many absurd stories circu
lated as to why the Mahaa-Devlne fight
never took place. Boms will tell you
Shorty Mahan was terror-stricken at the
last moment: others affirm he was paid a
liberal sum to forfeit the fight to Devlne.
The real reason, set forth In a letter by
Shorty himself. Is In the possession of Jim
Delaney. It came the morning of the
fight. W-''-¦:"::.
"Dear Jim" (so the letter ran), 'it's all
off. You know I have often said that If
I was ever defeated I'd never fight again.
Well, I lost this fight before It began.
Clean knockout— by a woman, too. We
were married last night beneath the tree
where I caught the kitten. I'm out of it
for good, Jim."
And that Is why Shorty Mahan faded
from the eyes of an admiring puMlo, and
also why Jefferson Douglass Jerrold Is
custodian of the family pride, the silver
and the ancestral portraits— ons of which
"Humph," Dawson trusts*, and they
started bade
When Shorty returned t» Quarter* D»-
threatened, but Shorty Mahan could b«
neither wheedled nor driven. The fight
was to take place on a Wednesday even
ing. The Sunday evening preceding It
Delaney and Dawsoa Quietly shadowed
Shorty when he stt out from the cot
tage. They followed bin to ths little
church and stood before the nacuxtaiaed
windows of the vestry. Shorty entered
and took a seat well down In front,
« "Member the kitten I told you akoatf
Delaney whispered. "Well. X"v» found
out that the girl was the parson's daugh
ter."
Afternoon Her Dauntless IafiysMp Ww Lowtred Into th» Crrem*
seal showed unmistakable signs of flag
ging. Delaney begged and the trainers
The waiter arrived with her dessert and
*he selected corns white grapes with elab
orate care. When she looked up again a
boy came scampering down the drive
which divided two of the cottage homes.
He swung a baseball bat in signal to an
other youngster emerging from another
yard. Both homes had barns and chicken
yards In the rear and the boys wore
sweaters.
"They have had their tea and have done
their chores," thought Miss Ashton. stir
ring her coffee elowly, "and by and by
twine cue will call them both in and pujl
down the shades."
A woman ran across the back yard of
the house nearest the tracks, carrying
something under her apron. She disap
peared In the kitchen doorway of the next
house, then reappeared, empty-handed,
and ran back to her own home.
"Ehe had borrowed something, no
doubt.** said Miss Ashton to herself, "per
haps ehe had a little tea this afternoon.
We always borrowed things from * the
Marsdeas when we had teas."
She pushed aside her coffee cup, laid a
bill on the silver tray which the waiter
offered, and left the car. Her chair was
In the' drawing-room car forward. She
found herself looking straight Into the
side yard of a trim little cottage. A young
woman sat on the step of the porch, a
"fascinator" thrown over her shoulders.
At the foot of the step ttood another
woman, holding a restless baby In her
arm*. The two women were so earnestly
engaged In conversation that they did not
notice how the baby was stripping young
buds off the porch vine,
"Gossiping." murmured Miss Ashton.
Ehe knew the narrow life only too well.
Ehe had run away from It years before,
Bhe wanted to go where your next door
neighbor did not count the skirts and
shirtwaists on your line, where no one
Insisted that because a young man had
shown you a few courtesies you were
bound to be engaged to him.
She swung her chair Impatiently, and
her glance fell once more on the church.
The eun was setting and two people were
walking up the narrow flagged path. The
man pulled out a key. threw open the
church door and they both passed In. He
did not look like a minister. He was
something of an athlete and had an alert
air. A moment later be was opening the
windows. The girl was not In sight, but
Margaret was certain that she was put
ting flowers In the vase at the pulpit.
"He's a leader In the church, no doubt.
A man must always be at the head of
(something," she thought. "And Miss De
mure will be eittlng down In the amen
corner soon, watching him with adoring
Mies Aahtoa picked up the menu, read
It absert-mindealy and laid It down again.
Tfcea her glance traveled back to the pan
orama spread beyond me dining car's
window. It was the residence district of
a. pretty village, with yellow and white
and gray and white cottages placed at a
discreet distance apart, with well kept
Iawcs asd budding gardens in between.
Close to the crossing where the train
2iad come to a sudden standstill was the
church, painted In pearly white, with
dark green shutters and Imitation col
ored glass windows. Even at this dis
tance Margaret recognized the material
tn those windows. They had received
camples when ehe was In the altar guild
et 6t- Paul's.
i . i iii^ 1 1 TTF waiter coughed ob
'^~~"""~~*! sequlously. bjn! Marga.-
H^ P?l i ret AeMo:i turne!i to ~
Hjr%j fc2cV ' w&r< * til 23 Impatiently.
g4_tt TlS% "Just eorae fruit and
ICSyJ EbCi cofTee for dessert." %
tS^r^g^ZVv The waiter picked up
plate holding an un
tested tmtrtA.
"Why are we stopping here so long?"
"Freight train off de track ahead.
ma'am, but Ce wreckln* crew's bean,
ma'am."
She gave her number to the cabman
and was whisked off into the glare of
Broadway's lights. By and by they
turned Into a quiet side street. She
mounted the steps leading to a dim,
brownstone apartment house, shook out
her keys and hurried to her room.
There were no matches and she rang
the bell impatiently. The maid apologized
and brought in clean towels.
"We weren't expecting you till to-mor
row. Miss Ashton," she remarked with
a furtive flirt of her towel across the
dusty table.
Margaret lighted every gas Jet In the
room, and In the dressing-room Adjoining,
to say nothing of t~e gas log In the
grate, but still the room seemed dark
At last the train moved with great,
heaving strain on wheels and springs.
Margaret rave one more glanco at the
church. The lights were ablaze, and the
young man was standing in front of the
congregation, a book In his hand. The
girl was at the organ.
Margaret leaned back and closed her
eyes. She saw another church, another
man — and herself. Then Bhe turned her
thoughts resolutely Into other channels.
She glanced down at her bag. She knew
the papers In that bag meant Insurance
policies for thousands, all written by her
self. She had stepped in where other
agents feared to' tread and had secured
business. She was going back to New
York and the approval of her superiors.
Ehe would be glad to shut herself In her
private office and take up her accumu
lated correspondence. She must have a
new cabinet ordered for that empty cor
ner of her office. The papers to be filed
in her department were Increasing.
What a narrow set these people in small
towns were! Here was a train stalled in
their midst, bearing men of millions, wo
men who had traveled at home and
abroad. Interests that might affect the
world of trade, and they did not stop so
much as to Inquire into the trouble. They
were so email, so narrow, so self-ab
eorbedl
eyes because the whole congregation
looks uo to him."
Copyright. 1803, by T. C. McClure.
F course, it is very ob
vious that his, first name
was "Shorty.'* but. what
is not bo obvious, his
last name was not Ma
han. The name the reo
tor pronounced when h\
stood before the font
with the wriggling infant in his arms was
Jefferson Douglass Jerrold. They were a
fine old family, the Jerrolds. with an
abundance of heirloom silver, faded an
cestral portraits-one of them a Copley—
and enough family pride to sink a ship.
When Jefferson Douglass had grown
into a short, thickset youth, with sandy
red hair and a mobile face, which effectu
ally concealed his thoughts and emotions,
the family council set about to choose a
career for him which would do credit to
the silver, the portraits and the family
pride. I
The exact moment when he decided
what that career should be was that Octo
ber afternoon when Michael Ryan, ath
letic trainer and ex-middle-weight, rose
grogglly from the floor of the gymnasium
and rubbed the point of his Jaw in a
dazed fashion. Before him, unlacing the
boxing gloves which encased his hands,
stood a short, thickset young man with
sandy red hair and an impassive face.
Ryan pulled off his own gloves and ex
tended his hand, which the other shook
gravely.
"If I could hit like that," said Ryan, "I
wouldn't be here. Man, I could make a
wonder of you In a year's time."
That was why Jefferson Douglass cut
short his course at college, where, to tell
the truth, he was not succeeding tremen
dously along prescribed lines, and, in a
stormy interview at home, announced his
Intention to seek his fortune in the world
in his own way and by his own efforts.
How those efforts were to be directed fie
neglected to state, but when the identity
of Shorty Mahan, the newly arrived stel
lar attraction in the lightweight class,
was finally forced upon his unwilling fam-
lly, and their suspicious fear became bit
ter truth, his father swore roundly and
wept
Just two weeks after this announcement
Shorty Mahan, with his trainers. Bis
sparring partner, his rubbers and his bull
terrier, took up his abode in a little cot
tage on the shore of Freshwater Lake*
prepared for the monotonous three
months of training which was to fit him
for the fight of his life.
The trouble began one May evening Just
at sunset, as Mahan and Jim Delaney. his
sparring partner, were returning from a
ten-milo run along the country roads.
They had reached the village and were
Jogging easily along the elm-lined streets
when Mahan noticed a young woman
standing beneath a cherry tree 'and call
ing in tones of coaxing anxiety to an
Angora kitten, which sulked among the
branches at the top of the tree. He
stopped short and turned Into the yard.
' "If you'll permit me," he said, dofflng
his cap, "I'll get the kitten for you."
"Oh, If you would be so good," said
the girl, flushing becomingly.
In another moment Shorty Mahan's red
head was among the topmost branches,
and then, with the kitten In bis arms, he
slid deftly to the ground.
"Gee," said Delaney, when Shorty
Joined him outside the fence, "pretty
nifty, wasn't she?"
Shorty wheeled on him suddenly.
"Jim," he said shortly, "that was a
lady. Remember It, If you please." And
then he cut out a pace for the training
quarters which landed Delaney there per
spiring and well-nigh blown.
Delaney remembered afterward that
It was directly after the kitten affair that
Mahan began to behave rather strangely.
He insisted on taking his dally run quite
alone. He found— or Invented— numerous
errands which took him to the village,
and he went there alone also. Every
Sunday night precisely at seven he
slipped off for a quiet walk by himself—
so he said. *
The weeks went past and the time of
the fight approached. Instead of In
creasing Interest In his training Shorty's
"Thank you," she said, still without
looking up, "but I have accepted— another
position."
The great man fairly Jumped.
"But, my dear young .woman, yon
should consider "
"I have considered— and thl* is for
life."
This time she looked up, straight Into
the eyes of the great man. Something
ho read there made him rise and extend
his hand cordially.
"My dear Miss Ashton, I trust you will
be very happy. And I congratulate the
young man with all my heart."
"Miss Ashton, we have been going over
the results of that last trip you made.
They are remarkable for a woman. And
we have decided to make you superin
tendent of the Troy offices,"
He paused for an expression of sur
prlse or appreciation. Miss Ashton was
studying the carpet. The great man
coughed.
"Your salary, of course
Ten days later a man who wore gold
glasses and looked at her above them
called her Into his private office. She had
only been In that office twice before, and
they had been red-letter events In her
business career.
"Yes, pneumonia— awful sudden, too.
None of her folks were here. They live uq
State somewhere, and the undertaker
shipped the body."
Margaret sat staring at the even flame
of the gas log. "None of her folks were
here. They shipped "
The life had died out of the great city
and the clock struck 2 when Margaret
Ashton laid down her pen. She bent low
to kiss ' the letter as she sealed It, and
again there came to her the vision of the
man and the girl, walking up the narrow
flagged pathway to the church.
"Died!"
"Is Miss Harding In this evening? If
she Is J wish you would ask her to come
In and have a cup of tea with me."
Miss Harding had the room at the end
of the hall.
The maid paused In the doorway and
looked In In startled fashion.
"Why, didn't you know? Miss Harding
died while you were gone."
The maid returned with a package
which had arrived In Margaret's ab
sence and the latter Inquired:
and dull. She wished that It were morn-
Ing and she might bury herself In office
work.
THE SUNDAY CALL,
THE SECRET OF THE JAMAICA "SINK-HOLE"
Two Full Pages of the Latest Fascinating Craze in Literature
HALF-HO1JIV STORIETTESTHB SUNDAY CALIi.
6
ry=?__ CENTER, Aug. 20.— I was talkin' to Judge
HV&l^j^flipflB Miller thc other day about the bond strengthenin' bizness
triats Boin' ° n » a »d him and me came to the conclusion
that * ts a goO( * th ' ng t0 cncurr »dgc.
"The only way th3t civilization can ever accomplish her
npKAcWi$A*£ill hyperbolical purpose and take her placets the grand cir
, iiHijI"^riw»&r»c|) cumlocutory luminant in the pharmacopoeia of human af
fairs," said the Judge, "is by the strengthenin' of bonds. I
honor, the German Emperor for what he has done in this line, for who
knows what would of happened over that Venezuelan bizness if the bonds
hadn't been good and strong at the time. That case shows how handy
strengthening bonds come in once in a while in times of need. I see Will
iam is going to send his brother and his boy over here again next summer to
strengthen the bonds some more. I s'pose he has a sneakin' notion of
sendin' a fleet of his warships to South America again before lone.
"King Edward's in the bond strengthenin' bizness, too. Look at the
way England and France are makin' it pleasant for each other lately. Each
side wants to grab off a few more chunks of Africa before the other can get
it and they sec what a good thing it'll be to have thc bonds as strong as pos
sible so as to prevent hard feelin's.
"Nobody has started in to strengthen any bonds with King Pete of Ser
via yet, because he doesn't -seem to have a string attached to anything that
the rest of them want, and if he had they might think it was cheaper to just
go and take jt without runnin' up any wine bills. That's one disadvantage
of not havin' a large votin' population. In the categorical and protoplas
mic exegesis of human activity when you think of doin' something that a
bigger man than you may not like it is always well to make him believe
you re doin' it in a friendly spirit.
"This bond strcngthenin' dodge reminds me of a case that come before
me once when I was Justice of the Peace down in Adams country. A man
named Baker wanted to buy a farm and had the cash ready to pay for it.
Lon Richards and Ed Robinson both had farms that Baker liked and he
didn't hardly know which one suited him best. While he was tryin' to make
up his mind about it Robinson went to Richards and told him neither one
of them ought to think of sellin' out for less than $50 an acre. Richards
said he'd be willin' to sell for forty-five.
" 'Don't you do it,' says Robinson. 'Your old father would turn over in
his grave if he knew you let this place go for that price. Stick to fifty.
This man do,n't want my farm and I dunno as I care to sell anyway, so all
you have to do to get your price is to make him believe when he comes
around again that you've given up the idea of lettin' the farm go. Human
nature's a que,er thing. The minute a man gets to thinkin' he can't have
somethinghe didn't want very much before he's crazy to get it. Of course
it's nothin' to me, but we've always been friends and I want you to have all
you can get. There's some people I wouldn't put myself out to help along
on in the world, but blood's thicker than water, so there's a bond of rela
tionship between us that ouzht to^make us kind of stand together/
"Richards thought it was blamed kind of the other fellow to come to
him honest like that, and he made Robinson stay to dinner and they killed
a chicken and talked about human nature and almost felt like brothers. The
next day the man that wanted the farm com? to see Richards and offered
him forty-five dollars an acre for his place.
" 'Nope,' says Lon. 'I don't believe I care to *ell. You see my old
daddy cleared most of this land with his own hands and I'm kind of at
tached to it, so I wouldn't take less than fifty anyway/
"That afternoon Robinson sold out for forty-five an acre and Richards
was so mad when he heard about it that he went over and called Ed out in
the road and licked him so" he could hardly get out of bed for a week.
When the case came up before me I asked Robinson why he done it and he
said: •
" 'Why, j'ou see there's a famibly ,tie between us and he seemed so
friendly and kind of grateful because I /had thought of his poor old dead
father's feelin's that I didn't s'pose he'd care. But some people are so
blamed selfish that they foreit all about the sacred bonds of friendship when
ever they have a chance to makFa little money.'
"I wouldn't be surprised." says the Judge, "if it was a eood deal that
way with some of these Emperors and Kings that are busy strengthenin' the
bonds. The ties that bind'll snap mighty sudden that minute one of 'em
sees that one of the rest is cettin' the best of it in a real estate deal some
where, and it ain't always safe to bet too heavy on human nature, be
cause thc bluffs that work are the only ones we ever hear much about."
The more I think about the bond strengthenin' question the more I
can't help believin' the Tudee is rieht. 1 "
Us white folks get Booker Washington up from the South and tell him
how v.e love the negro and arc coin' to help him rise in the world, and the
next day, feelin* that the bonds are good and strong, we chase a few black
men into a corner and elevate them with ropes. We are all God's children.
Let us remember that, and the man who forgets to hold on to his pocket
book when some other chao comes along tellin' him thcy are brothers, made
from the same clay and bound for the same goal, may have, to/ borrow
money to get home.
George Prentice went into bizness up to the city and done well. too. I
guess he's got a million or so to-day. After a while Jim trot promoted and
he went up to the city. too. and the first tiling we knew they'd made him
general passenger agent. One daj- George Prentice came into Tim's office
and told him how glad he was to see that his talents had got recognized.
"I always knew." said George, "that you'd get there, and it seems to
me that we ought to keep up the old ties. . There's no friend like .the old
friends, you know, and us comin' from the same town, we ought to kind of
stand together. Say. I like to eo back to see the folks every little while,
and VOU couldn't fix me out with a nass rniilH vnti?"
Y==? _ ._*t^rd O R some reason people who go out into the fields at this
j. scason of thc vcar to P ick berries often have r a singular ex
*H^vJr*J pcriencc - As they S Iean from bushes right about them
tliey catch sicllt of othcr bushes a little distance away and
USr^sH a suddcnly thcy bccom c aware of the fact that thc berries with-
W=BS8c> in RraS ° are sma11 and few while over beyond thcr = ap-
J^iitMMiL^cgj pears to be an abundance of large and luscious fruit. So
off they go in a hurry, scrambling over the fence, perhaps,
barking their shins maybe, but eager to enter the land flowing with milk
and honey. But when they arrive^ — oh, what a disappointment. Not a bit
bigger are the berries, not a bit more plentiful. It is the same old story of
a good many leaves and brambles and here and there only a prize worth put
ting into the basket. And vet for an entire afternoon a person will experi
ment in this fashion until he has roamed the pasture through and come back
to the place whence he set out. a considerably wiser and perhaps a trifle
sadder man for his repeated disappointments. (
This experience in the berry patch is typical of a bij* section of human
life. We do not always realize when we are well off. We take up our abode
at a summer resort and before .we have been there a day we are restless to be
up and away. We think that.we shall find a better table at the next water
ing place. " Well, the table may possibly be better, but the flies may be more
numerous and pestiferous. The point is that we are looking at all the ad
vantages of the place where we are through the small end of the telescope
and all the attractions of the place where we think we would like to be
through the large end.
Mothers there are who lose all the satisfaction to be had day bv dav
from contact with and ministry to their small children because their amh?
tions leap forward to the time when their children shall be out in the world
doing great things and reapincr a large harvest of fame "Then" savsthe
aspiring mother to herself, "how free I shall be from the strain of this con!
ant care as they hang upon my skirts all day long and how proud I shall
be of their successes." Poor woman I How little she realizes that bv ami
by she may look back to these days when she is all and all to her little ones
as the happiest days of her life. c onc3
--Many of us Jwwe/M would be better off if we were doing some other
kind of work. Now the pay is small and the hours are lone But X
knows if we had what seems to be a softer job we should be 'really any
better off. In our present employment we have acquired a certain capital of
experience which we might forfeit if we engaged in another vocation We
have learned to adjust ourselves to our fellow-workmen and we should hive
to learn tfl affiliate with an entirely new set of men
Oneway recently I met a minister who I happened to know was ex
tremely ?lstless m his parish five years ago He was then writing letters to
his friends asking them to open a door for him into another field But when
he met me afterward he began at once to talk enthusiastically about thS
church which he has served for over ten years. "You are all over V n»r r, -t
lessness, aren't you?" I.inauired "Oh, yes." wa^ his cukT r?ply "I
wouldn't leave my parish now for anything." I honor that man for 1 ving
down his discontent for *orkin* out his professional problem, for winning
htsjjattle. In view of his record to^ay how inglorious it would havc been
to have quit his task five years ago when it was only half completed.
f>==2^^rr^3 HERE is a tide in the attairs of men that launches them
h^^^hW^^M out on l ' ie sea °* matrimony, where the life-savins: station
\\- Ar-'H ¦ £CCmb n " cnty * ar °ff» ant * l ' ie rescue band minds its own
I JvS^JIhI r^*l When matrimony goes on a strike love loses its pin
LrJeSaBHSBteE^jyl That one old apple has caused more dyspepsia than any
other old, thinjr on ri:ord.
When a man pays bis wife to "l:\ss and make up" he mortgages both his
peace and his purse. •
A woman thinksiierself most happy when she is miserable about the
man she loves. • »
Never follow anybody's advice unless you want to go a long way out of
your way.
The only thing a woman don't want because it's cheap is — a cheap man.
People alwaj's^ell the truth when they tell what they think of you be
hind jour back. ...
The don't worry clubs are never overstocked with people who want to
live in $50 flats on $10 incomes.
Some people nuke you feel as if you were upholstered with fly paper.
Can a fat man be real square?
¦:.{ The fellow who plays the bass drum may make an awful noise, but he
isn't the best musician of the band. •. ¦
The man who gives a woman away is too mean to be generous.
The things that we' intend to do always give us so much satisfaction.
A breach of promise suit takes all the conceit out of a man. . ,""\~.
Even the height of follv is sometimes a mighty low business.
A man may pray for bread, but he neve*- prays for a drink. He must
havc the price. < .
When a woman falls in love, has she met with an accident?
A man often thinks he's mighty independent when he's onlv henpecked.
Charitable performances often bring large receipts in soothing syrup ad
vertisements.
A man may often thank his lucky stars that he can't take the woman who
is presented to him.
When a woman falls in love easily she docs not havc enough bruises to
leave a scar. >
Some men know they arc great, some think they are great and some
are Just plain rvcry-day fools.
It is strange that so many people when trying to commit suicide send
word to some one just in time to be caught in the act.
All through life we write our own epitaphs.
Patience is the key that worries out the combination.
¦ • In prosperity you are "IT,"
' •* In adversity you are "NIT."
• Hardship is a sorry old stepmother, but she nurtures no weaklings.'
, There's not much risk in giving a fellow an extra jolt after he's been
knocked out. * .; i^:';
- ;If you splash your life with ink it takes a pretty good solution to wash
out the stains.
Taking cargf of other people's morals is a' large-sized 'contract.
'"When'a wife gives a husband a pieceof her mind he is seldom polite
enough to say "Thank you." >y .^-^ . -n;
Love is a confidence game played by* the cleverest of swindlers.
..Never. get too familiar. Even a husband and wife may become disgust
ingly, familiar. _•
-- 'There 'are no elevators running upand down the ladder of fame. .
The woman who objects to a cigar may find the cigar the more desir
able'cornpanionr" • — <•-- - ....
i The follies of the rich are always ridiculed by those who cannot afford
the price. >• ...
A first-class scrub woman may be fatally ruined by a college educa
tion. .'.' . V- •* • ' ' ¦¦" '. ; t ;
- Scientists say music destroys mosquitoes. If the brass band played |
the '"Good Old -Summer Time" and the drum corps made it dizzy, of course
it would kill the pesky thing. Science is so ingenuous. : , :7 V
. When a man proposes. but once he has acted from a sense of duty.and
thanks the girl who said "No." -; :.
Realities and not theories count up enough to pay the bills.
Nothing makes a woman so mad as to 'have the wrong man - hanging
around making love to her. A 's
When a. woman learns to cater to a man's appetite it'e time for him to
put his heart in cold storage.
True friends tell you things you don't want to know.
An empty pocket has an awfully sorry sort of feeling.
If money is the root of evil, some good old .times - dangle from - the
branches. . , ¦
¦ A wise woman thinks she knows her husband, a fool is sure she does:
and the old man just smiles. • - - • ¦
. . ; katethysonmarr/ ..:
r—^ — 3 FAT? PIERREPONT: Yours of the fourth has the right
|i^B37=^jJ^. ring, and it sayj more to the number of words used than
'^jHfWVB^ any lettcr tl)at I havc CVCr rccc: ' ved from }OU- l remember
>»||-&t£gj reading once that some fellows use language to conceal
(«!z]£^V» thought: but it's been my experience that a cood many
TjaflStfj^^" more use it instead of thought.
i -ii/piT 1 ~TrjfwL A business man's conversation should be regulated bv
fewer and simpler rules than any other function of the
btiznan animal. They are*
Have something to say.
Beginning before you know what you want to say and keepine on after
you have said it lands a merchant in a lawsuit or a poor,house, and the first
is a short cut to the second. I maintain a legal department here, and it
costs a lot of money, but it's to keep me from going .to law.
It's all right when you are calling on a girl or talking with friends after
dinner to run a conversation like a Sunday-school -excursion, with stops .to
pick flowers; but 'in the office your sentences should be^the shortest dis
tance possible between periods. Cut out the introduction and the perora
tion, and stop before you get to secondly. You've got to preach short ser
mons to catch sinners: and deacons won't believe they^ -need long ones
themselves. Give fools the first and women the last word. The meat's al
ways in the middle of the sandwich. Of courses *little~*butter on either
side of it doesn't <lo any harm if it's intended for a man who likes butter.
Remember, too. -that it's easier to look wise than to talk wisdom.- Say
less than the other fellow and listen more than you talk; for when a man's
listening he isn't telling on himself and he's flattering tlje f^Jow who' is.
Give most men a good listener and most women enough notepapcr and
they II tell all they know. JV;Vi- . , ,', i
While as to play, of course your future is going to take so much time
and thought that you won't have a very wide margin left for golf— especially
in the afternoons. I simply mention this in passing because I see in the Chi
cago papers which have been sent me that you were among the players on
the links one afternoon a fortnight a*o. Golfs a nice, foolish game and
there am t any harm in it so far as I know except for , the balls— the stiff
balls at the beginning, the lost balls in the middle and the highballs at the
end of the game. But a young fellow who wants to be- a boss butcher
hasn it much daylight to waste on any kind of links except sausage links.
Of course a man should have a certain amount of play, just as a boy is
entitled to a piece of pie at the end of his dinner, but he don't want to make
a meal of it. Any one who lets sinkers take the place of bread and meat
gets bilious pretty young; and these fellows who haven't ,any job. except to
blow the old man s dollars, are a good deal like the little niggers in the pie
eattng contest at the county fair— they've a-plenty of ;pastry arid they're at
tracting a heap of attention, but they've got a - stomach-ache coming to
them by and by. .'¦ ......
From "Letters -From a Belf-Made Merchant to Hie 8on, M by Oeorce Hcrace
Lorlmer. By permission of Small. Maynard & Co.. Publishers. Boston. MaYa!
The foUowln* highly Interests letter writu-n thlrtr-four }«,« a«o by Mark T^aln
to the firrt California Pioneers to make the trip East over th«.««* talon PacJflc Kail
road to express h!. rezrrf that he cculd not be present at #Wwg »» £• ~ ™<
bu fat be^n brought to lfeht In Elmlra. XT. The great huaorttt h« be*n pilot, printer.
Sser travels-eve. ythlng. In fact-and now that he 1. preparing for another trip abroad
bo 1. cverhaullng hi. literary effect, and finding letter, and manuscript! long forgotten.
This Is ens of tt©ni r ¦<¦ **^i«j^r; T*! •
rw=Jfc- = = S=3 ENTLEMEN: Circumstances render.it out of my power
FV^SpSj^J to take advantage of the invitation extended to me
fs/jjPifc^vVf through Mr. Simonton and be present .at your dinner in
Vimmt&ril New York. I regret this very much, : f or there arc sev-
I r -ffi^SsE?I era! among you with whom I would like to join hand.?
r?**J^£2^i\\-ith.on the score of old friendship, and I suppose 1
j^J^^Sas^JS .vuuld have a sublime general right to shake hands with
the rest of you on the score of kinship in California ups and downs in
the search of fortune. • J . _ ,.
If I were to tell some of my experiences you would recognize Cali
fornia blood in me, I fancy. The old, old story would sound fami liar, : no
doubt. I have the usual stock of reminiscences. For. instance, I went
to Esmeralda early. V • „;. j „?!,...
I purchased largely in the Wide West, the Winnemucca and other
fine claims and was very wealthy. I fared sumptuously on bread when
flour was $200 a barrel and had beans every day when none but bloated
aristocrats could afford such grandeur. But I finished by feeding bat
teries to a quartz mill at $15 a week and wishing I was a battery myse t
and had somebody to feed me. My claims in Esmeralda arc there yet.
I suppose I could be persuaded to sell. I went to the Humboldt dis
trict when it was new. I became largely interested in the Alba Neuva
and other claims with gorgeous names, and was rich again— in prospect.
I owned a vast mining property there. I would not have sod out for
lesi than $400,000 at that time— but I will now. finally I walked home
=00 miles— partly for exercise and partly because stage fares
were expensive. _. '
Next I entered upon an affluent career in \ irginia City. And by a
judicious investment of labor and the capital of friends became the owner
of about all the worthless wildcat mines there were in that part of the
country. _,
Assessments did the business for me there. There were 117 assess
ments to one dividend and the proportion of "income to outlay was a
little against me. My financial thermometer went down to 32 degrees
Fahrenheit and the subscriber was frozen out. I took up extensions on the
mainland-extensions that reached to British America in one direction
and to the Isthmus of Panama in the other— and I verily believe I would
have been a rich man if I ever found those infernal extensions. But I
didn't. I ran tunnels till I tapped the Arctic Ocean, and 1 sunk shafts
till I broke through the roof of perdition, but those extensions turned up
missing every time.
I am willing to sell all that property and throw in the improvements.
Perhaps you remember the celebrated North Ophir? I bought that mine.
It was very rich in pure silver. You could take it out in lumps as big as
a filbert. But when it was discovered that those lumps were melted half
dollars, and hardly melted at that, a painful Ase of "saltin 1 " was appar
ent, and the undersigned adjourned to the poorhousc again.
I paid assessments on Hale & Norcross till they sold me out, and I had
to take in washing for a living— and the next month that infamous stock
went up to $7000 a foot. I own millions and millions of feet of affluent
silver leads in Nevada— in fact, I own the entire undercrust of that coun
try nearly, and if Congress would move that State off my property so
that I could get at it, I would be wealthy yet. But no, there the squats
-and here am I. Failing health pett^es me to sell. If you. know. ot
any one desiring a permanent investment I can furnish him one that will
have the virtue of being eternal. m ¦ / ¦
I have been through the California mill, with all its dips, spurs and
angles, variations and sinuositites." I have worked there at all -the dif
ferent trades and professions known to the catalogue. I have been
everything from a newspaper editor down to a cowcatcher on a locomo
tive, and I am encouraged to believe that if there had been more occu
pations to experiment on I might have made a dazzling success at last
and found out what mysterious design Providence had in view in crcat
& Bui you perceive that, although I am not a pioneer. I have had a
sufficientfy variegated time of it to enable me to talk pioneer like a na
tive, and I feel like a Forty-Niner. Therefore, I cofdially welcome you
to your old remembered homes and your long deserted firesides, and
close this screed with the sincere hope that your visit here will be a
happy one, and unembittered by the sorrowful surprises that absence and
lapse of years are wont to prepare for wanderers: surprises which would
come in the form of old friends missed from their places; silence where
familiar voices should be; the young grown old; change and decay
everywhere; home a delusion and disappointment; strangers at the
hearthstone; sorrow where gladness was; tears for laughter; the melan
choly pomp of death where the grace of life had been.
With all good wishes for the Returned Prodigals and regrets that I
cannot partake of a small piece of the fatted calf (rare and ,110 gravy;,
I am, yours cordially. MARK 1 \\ A^rs.
To the California Pioneers.
Elmira, October 11, 1865.
MILLIONS IN DREAMS.
By MarR Twain.
ORACLE'S SLY TIPS
By S. E. Kiser.
PASTELS IN PORK,
Old Gorgon's Letter to His Son on "Conversation."
WHY NOT BE, HAPPY?
By "The Parson."
ME-OWS
OF A
KITTYTwo German explorers. are planning to
g5 to the North Pole In submarine boats.
They think It will, be easier to steam un
der the Ice pack and ccme out at or near
the pole than to climb over the pack with
dog sledges They are not afraid of get
tina lost, for they intend to use wtrelesa
telegraphy to keep In communication
with their base of. supplies. Let us hope
that they may be more, successful than,
Andre, who sailed away In a balloon (to
find the pole and has not been -hear*
from since.
A buzz rose from the crowd, and they
were ail on tiptoe again, trying to catch
a glimpse of this reckless buyer. Being a
tall man. Dodds could see over the others,
and there at the side of Holloway he saw
the masterful nose and aristocratic beard
of the eecond stranger In the coffee-room!.
A sudden personal interest added Itself to
the scene. He felt that he was on the
verge of something— something dimly
seen— which he could himself, turn to ac
count. The two men' with strange names,
the' telegrams, the horses— what was un
derlying it all?
The salesman was all animation again,
and Mr.- Flynn , was sitting up .with his
white whiskers bristling and hia eyes
twinkling. It was", the best'deal which
he had ever made in his fifty years of ex
perience. '¦,•'¦¦- " .' . •
, /'What name, sir?" asked the salesman.
: '¦ "Mr.- Mancune."' "-*•'. -¦'"¦"S '*".'.:¦' : •
"Address?" . ¦ '';"¦ •"'. ~ i>v>> -*" '*- -y, ¦'¦' '.
' "Mr. Mancune of. Glasgow."
"Thirty-six pounds bid," said' he. "Mr.
Jack Flynn's lot Is going to Mr. Strellen
haus of Liverpool at £36 a head. Going
going — -"
"Forty!" cried a high. thin, dear voice.
"Then I wish you joy of your bargain,"
said Holloway: "I don't buy at. that
price, but I should be glad to sell you
eome." . * '
, Mr. Strellenhaus took no notice of the
irony. He was still looking critically at
the horses. The salesman glanced round
him in a perfunctory way.--
Holloway grew angry at this persistent
opposition. His red face flushed redder
etlll. , ' -
"Thirty-three!" he shouted. ...
"Thirty-four.", said Strellenhaus.
' Holloway . became thoughtful and en
tered a few figures in'hls notebook.
"At the end of your rope, Mr. Hollo
way?" asked the salesman, with the sus
picion of a sneer. . .
"Thirty-five." cried. Holloway gruffly.
"Thirty-six," said Strellenhaus.
"Thirty-one," said Holloway. with the
air of a man who has gone to his ex
treme limit. . .
"Thirty-two," said Strellenhaus prompt
ly. -K r .- ¦/.-./ r. - ' ¦ ' . " • "
ones. . Those fives meant determination
and also wealth. < Holloway had ruled the
market so long that the crowd was de
lighted at finding some one who would
stand up to-hlm.
"The bid £pw stands at thirty pounds
a head," sSl. the salesman. . "The word
lies with you, Mr. Holloway."
of the speaker, i The salesman leaned
forward. .*>'-;
"May I ask your name, sir?"
"Strellenhaus— Mr. Strellenhaus of Liv
erpool." . • ;
"It'a a new firm," paid podds' neighbor.
"1 thought I knew them all. but. I. never
heard of him before." •
The salesman's head had disappeared,
foi he was whispering with the breeder.
Now ha 2 suddenly straightened himself
again. .. .
"Thank you for giving us a lead, sir,"
said he. "Now gentlemen, you have
heard the offer of Mr. ', trellenhaun of
Liverpool. It will give us. a baa« to start
from. Mr. Strellenhaus has offered twen
ty'pounds a head." *
/^"Guineas." sa.j Mr. Holloway.
"Bravo. Mr. Holloway;' I knew that you
would take a hand. You arejibt the man
to let such a string of horses pass away
from you. i; The bid Is twenty guineas a
head." ...
"Twenty-five pounds," said' Mr. Strel
lenhaus.
"Twenty-six."
"Thirty." , /;'";¦
It was London against. Liverpool, and
it was the head of the trade, against an
outsider.:-'' Still, the one man had Increased
his bids by .fives and the other only by
tapping his -teeth reflectively with his
pencil as he eyed the horses.
The talesman had mounted upon a
chair, and his ke»n. clean-shaved tace
overlooked the crowd. Mr. Jack Flynn's
gray whiskers were at his elbow and Mr.
Holloway immediately in front. _J.
"You've Been these hordes. jjariTiemen,"
said the salesman with a backward sweep
of his hand toward the line of tossing
heads and streaming manes. "When you
know that they are bred by Mr. Jack
Flynn, :,at his place in Kildare, you will
have a guarantee of their quality. They
are the best that Ireland can produce,
and In this class of horses the best that
Ireland can produce are the best In the
world, as every riding man knows jfell.
Hunters or carriage horses, a I 1 warranted
sound, and bred from the best stock.
There are seventy in Mr. Jack Flynn's
string, and he bids me say that if any
wholesale dealer would make one bid for
the whole lot, to save time, he would
have the preference over any purchaser."
There was a pause and a whisper
from the' crowd In front, with some ex
pressions of discontent. By a single sweep
all the small dealers had been put out
of it. It was only 'a long turse which
could buy on such a scale as that. The
salesman looked round him inquiringly.
"Come, Mr. Holloway," said heat last.
"You didn't come over here for ihe sake
of the scenery. You may travel the coun
try and not see such another string of
horses. Give us a starting bid."
The great dealer was still rattling hia
pencij upon his front teeth.
"Well," said he, at last, "they are a fine
lot of horses, and I won't deny it. They
do you credit, Mr. Flynn, lain sure. All
the same, I didn't' mean to fill a ship at
a single bid In this fashion. I like to pick
and choose my horses."
"In. that case Mr. Flynn Is quite pre
pared to sell them In smaller lots." said
the salesman. "It was rather for the
convenience of a wholesale customer that
he was prepared to put them all up., to
gether. But if no gentleman wishtJ -to
bid-r-r"
"Walt a minute," said a voice. "They
are very fine horses, these, and • I 'will
give you a bid to start you. I will give
you twenty pounds each for the string of
seventy."
There was a rustle as the crowd all
swayed their heads, to catch a glimpse
It is not to buy young horses, however,
that the great dealers come to Ireland,
and th« real business of the fair com
menced when the four and five year olds
were reached— the full grown, perfect
horses at their prime and ready for any
work or any fatigue. Seventy magnifi
cent creatures had been brought down by
a single breeder, a comfortable-looking,
keen-eyed, ruddy-cheeked gentleman who
stood beside the salesman and whispered
cautions and precepts into his ear.
"That's Flynn of Kildare," said Dodds'
informant. "Jack Flynn has brought
down that string of horses, and the other
large string over yonder belongs to Tom
Flynn, his brother. The two of them to
gether are tbt two first breeders in Ire
land.", '
A crowd had gathered in front of the
horses. By common consent a place had
been made for Mr. Holloway, and Dodds
could catch a glimpse of his florid face
and yellow covert coat In the front rank.'
He had opened his note book and was
"Why, that's Jim Holloway; the great
Jim Holloway," Bald he; then, seeing by
the blank look upon Dodds' »face. that
even this information had not helped him
much, he went into details. "Sure he's
the head of Holloway & Morland of Lon
don," said he. "He's the buying partner,
and he buys cheap, and the other stays at
home and pells, and he sells dear. He
owns more horses than any man in the
world and asks . the best money for
them."
When breakfast was over he sauntered
out into the market square, where «he
horse sale was already in prosrres-s. The
yearlings were being Fold first. They
were largely of thoroughbred blood and
were being bought by English dealers,
who would invest a few pounds now on
what they might sell for 50 guineas In a
year if all went will. One man with a
ruddy fare and a yellow overcoat took
them by the dozen with as much sansr
frold as if they had been, oranges, enter
ing each bargain In a bloated note book.
He bought forty or fifty during the time
that Dodds was watching him.
"Who is that?" he asked his neighbor,
whose spurs and gaiters showed that he
wsf likely to know.
The man stared In astonishment at the
stranger's ignorance.
man who received it. One turned pale.
The other sprang excitedly to his feet. It
might be a coincidence, but It was a very
curious one. If it was not a coincidence,
then what could it mfan? He puzzled and
puzzled, but could find no satisfactory
solution to the problem. All breakfast he
was turning it over in his mind.
As he opened the telegram Dodds could
perceive that it was as bulky as the first
cne. He observed, also, from the delay
In reading it, that It was also in some
sort of ciDher. The gentleman did not
write down any translation of it, but he
eat for eome time with his nervous, thin
fingers twitching among the hairs of his
white be&rd, and his shaggy brows bent
In the deepest and most absorbed atten
tion while he mastered the mcrnlng of it.
Then he sprang suddenly to bis feet, bis
eyes flashed, his cheeks flushed and in
bis excitement he crumpled the message
up In els band. With an effort he.mas
tered his emotion, put the paper into his
pocket end walked out of the room.
This was enough to excite a less astute
| and imaginative man than Worlinrton
Dodds" eyes had already fallen upon
this man. and he had wondered vaguely
what he was doing In such company. Ha
rm a tall, white haired, eagle nosed gen
tleman, with a waxed mustache and a
carefully pointed beard— an aristocratic
type which setmed out of its element
among the rough, hearty, noisy dealers
who surrounded him.
"Looks like it." Dodds answered; and
at that moment his thoughts were sud
denly drawn off into another direction.
The boots had entered the room with
a telegram in his hand.
"Where's Mr. Mancune?" said he to the
waiter.
"Well, there are some quare names
about. What was It you said?"
"Mr. Mancune," said the boots, glanc
ing round him. "Ah. there he is!" and
he handed the telegram to a gentleman
who was sitting reading the paper in a
"No, I don't know," sa'.d he. "I never
heard It before. It's a foreign name.
Perhaps if you were "
But at :hst moment a little round-faced,
ruddy-chirked gentleman, who was
breakfasting at the next table, leaned
forward end Interrupted him.
"Did you fay a foreign name, sir?" said
he.
"Strellenhaup is the name."
"I am Mr. Strellenhaus— Mr. Julius
Etrelier.haus of Liverpool. I was expect
ing a t^l^rem. Thank you very much."
He rat so r.ear that Dodds. without any
wish to play the ppy. could not help to
eome extent overlooking him as he
opened the envelope. The m^fsacre wai
e very long one. Mr. Stre!!enhaus ar
ranged the sheet* methodically upon the
tablecloth in front of him *o that no eye
but tils own could Fee them. Then 'he took
cut a notebook and with an anxious face
he began to make entries In It, glancing
first at the telegram »r.d then at the book
end writing apparently one letter or
f.g'ure at a time. Dodds was interested,
for he knew exactly what the man was
doing. He was working out a cipher.
Dodds had often done It himself. And
then suddenly the little man turned very
pale, as If the fu'l purport of the mes
sage had been a shock to him. Dodds
had done that also, and his sympathies
were all with his neighbor. Then the
stranger rose, and, leaving his breakfast
untasted, h« walked out of th« room.
"I'm thinking that the gintleman has
he* bad news, sorr," said the confidential
waiter.
THE 15th of July, 1ET0. found John
YTorllr.gton Dodds a ruined game
eter of the Stock Exchange. Upon
the 17th he was a very opu'.ent man.
And yet he had effected the change
without leaving the penurious little Irish
townlet cf Dunsloe, which could have
been bought outright for a quarter of the
sum -which he had earned during the sln
rle day that he wu within Its wails.
John Worllr.srton Dodds had many of
th» gifts which lead a speculator to suc
c*m. He tu culck In observing, Just in
•ttlxsatlng, prompt and fearleis In act-
Ing. But In financ* there Is always the
element of luck, which, however one may
eliminate it, still remains, like the hlank
at roulettr. a constantly present handicap
upon the operator. And so it was that
Worllngton Dodds had come to prief.
Everything which he had touched had
gone wrong; and now, on the eve of his
marriapa. young, clear-headed and ener
getic, he was actually a bankrupt had his
creditors chosen to make him one. But
the Stock Exchange is an indulgent body.
What is the case of one to-day may ba
that of another to-morrow, and every one
is Interested in seeing that the stricken
man is given time to rise again. So the
burden of \Vorllngton Dodds was light
ened for him. many shoulders he'.ped to
bear 'It. and he wae able to go for a little
summer tour into Ireland, for the dor-tors
had ordered him re«=t and change of air
to restore his shaken nervous eystem.
Thus it was that upon the 15th of July,
1STO. 'he found himself at his breakfast in
the fly-blown coffee-room of the G'-orge
Hotel, in the market square of D'Jnsloe.
It is a dull and depressing coffee-room,
but on this particular day it whs "as
crowded and noisy U that of any London
Hotel. Heavily booted men clattered in
ar,d out. spurs Jingled, riding crops were
stacked In corners and there was a gen
eral atmosphere of horse. From every
?=Me Worllngton Dodds heard of year
i'nps. of Kindgalln. of roarers, of ppavins,
of crfbsuclrera, of a hundred other terms
v h'c K were as unintelligible to him as his
own Sto<k Exchange Jargon wouid have
1 . « n \r, *jje company. He asked the wait.
. ' r.ir 'he reason of it all. and the waiter
v *« s>n artonlsfced men that there should
1 <¦ nr»y one in the world who did not
U' w <t.
"£hur* lt*» *he Dunsloe horse fair. s*our
\:,.,* C r— the gr*-at**?t home fair In a!l
Olrelard. It Insts for a wake and the foist
rccie from far an' rear— frnm England
an* Scotlar.d an' I very where."
Tie waiter bad a tfiepram in hi* hand
¦tad he turned the address to Worlington
Dodds.
"Shure I niver hoard such a name. *orr.
May be you eotjWJ tell me who owns it?"
Dodds looked at the envelope. Strellen
haus wa» the name.
(Copyright by McClure, PhlUlpf & C»>
fjDodds. Was there any connection be
rjtweex) these two ' messages, or ' was It
''merely a coincidence? Two men with
strange names received two telegrams
within a few minutes of each other, each
.of a considerable length, each In cipher,
and each causing keen emotion to the
"By Jove!" cried Warner. "Old Dodds
was riKht after all."
And then suddenly he saw a newspaper
boy fasten a poster unon a lamp post, and
a little crowd had gathered around it in
an instant. One of them waved hia hat
in the air: another ahouted to a friend
across the street. Warner hurried op and
caught a glimpse of the poster between
two craning heads:
"FRANCE DECLARES WAR ON GER«
' >iANT!"
Mr. Warner, who was the ' partner of
Mr. Worllngton Dodds. and who was suf
fering from the same eclipse, had gone
down to the Stock Exchange, but had
found little consolation there, for th« Eu
ropean system was in a ferment, and ru
mors of peace and of war were succeed
ing each other with such rapidity and
assurance that It was Impossible to know
which to trust. It was obvious that a
fortune lay either way, for every rumor
set the funds fluctuating; but without spe
cial information it was Impossible to act.
He returned to his office in the afternoon,
half inclined to back the chances of peace,
for of all war scares not one In ten comes
to pass. As he entered the office a tele
gram lay upon the table. It was from
Dunsloe. a place of which he had never
heard and was signed by his absent part
ner. The message was in cipher, but h»
soon translated It, for it was short and
crisp. ' - /;'-
"I am a bear of everything German and
French. Sell, sell. sell, keep oa selling."
For a moment Warner hesitated. What
could Worllngton Dodds know at Dunsloo
which was not known in Tbrogaaorton
street? But he remembered the quick
ness and decision of his partner. If h»
was to act at all he must act at once;
so, hardening his heart, he went down
to the house, and, dealing upon that cu
rious system by ¦which a man can sell
what he has not got and what he could
r.ot pay for if he had it, he disposed of
heavy parcels of French and German se
curities. He had caught the market In
one of its little spasms of hope, and ther»
was no lack of buying until his own per
sistent selling caused others to follow his
lead and so brought about a reaction.
When. Warner returned to his oSces It
took some hours to work out his accounts,
and he emerged into the streets in th«
evening with the atsolute certainty that
the next settllns day would leave him
either hopelessly bankrupt or exceedingly
prosperous. .
It all depended upon Worllngton Dodd •
Information. What could he possibly have
found out at Dunsloe?
So, with a bow they separated. Mr.
Strellenhaus walked down to the tele
graph office, where his message was de
layed because Mr. "Worlington Dddds was
already at the end of the wires, for, after
dim guesses and vague conjecture, he had
suddenly caught a clear view of this com
ing event, which had cast so curious, a
shadow before It In this little "Irish town.
Political rumors, names, appearances, tel
egrams,. seasoned horses at any price,
there could only be one meaning to it
he held a secret and he meant, to use It.
g 1 a nces crossed
like swordblades. "It Is possible that I
may see the horses again." , . . '
"I hope so," said Mr. Mancune, and his
white, waxed mustache gave a feline up
ward bristle.
"Quite so! Mr. Flynn suggests, gentle
men, that as you are both largo buyers.
It would, perhaps, bo a convenience to
you if he was to add the stiinz of Mr.
Tom Flynn. which consists of seventy
animals of precisely the urns quality,
making 140 in alL Hav* you any ob
jection. Mr. Mancune?"
"No, sir."
"And you, Mr. Strellenhaus?**
"I should prefer It." < •
••Very handsome! Very handsome. In
deed I" murmured
the sal e a m a n.
"Then I under
stand. Mr. Man
cune, that your of
fer of fifty pounds
a head, extends to
the whole of thesa
horses?"
"Yes sir."
A font* brtath
went up from the
crowd. Seven thou
sand pounds at
one deal. It was
a record for Dur.s
loe.
"Any advance,
Mr. Strellenhaus?"
"Fifty-one."
"Fifty-six."
"Sixty."
They could hard
ly believe their
ears. ¦ Hollo way
stood with his
mouth open, star
ing blankly in
front of him. Th«
sale sxnan tried
hard to look as If
such bidding and
prices were noth
lns unusual. Tha
crowd listened In
¦Hence.
"Sixty-one," said
Strellenbaus.
"SIxty-flve.~
"Sixty-six."
"Seventy.**
But the clock
work had run
down. No answer
ing bid cam* from
Mr. Strellenhans.
"Seve n t y bid*
sir."
Mr. BtrelleahAUJ
shrugged his shoul
ders.
"I. am buying
for another, and I
have reached his
limit.", said he.
"If you will per
mit me to send for
Instructions "
"I am afraid, sir,
that tb« sal* must
proceed."
"Then the horses
belong to this gen
tleman." For the
the, first time he
turned toward his
rival, and their
"And here Is another," said Mancuna.
"Nothing could be more handsome, gen
tlemen," said, the salesman. "It's a treat
to oee such" a" spirited competition. The
last bid was fifty pounds a head from
Mancune. The word lies with you. Mr.
Btrellenhaus."
Mr. Jack Fly an whispered •omsthin*
to the salesman.
"As a mere matter of business, jsntle
men," said the salesman, "It Is usual la
such cases to put down a small deposit as
a guarantee of bona fides. You will un
derstand how I am placed, and that I have
not bad the pleasure of dolns; business
with either of you before."
"How much?" asked Strellenhaus,
briefly.
"Should we say flve hundred?"
"Here Is a note for a thousand pounds."
"Thank you for your bid. sir. Potty
pounds a head has been bid by Mr. Man
cune of Glasgow. Any advanco upoa
forty?" 4 , -.
"Forty-one," said StrellenhauJt ;
"Forty-flve." said Mancun*. .
The tactics had changed and It wu tS«
turn of Strellenhaus now to advanc* by
ones, while his rival sprang up by flY«a»
But the former was as doend «• vrar.
"Forty-six," said he.
"Fifty!" cried Mancune.
It was unheard of. Ths most that th«
horses could possibly average at a retail
price was as .much as these men w«-»
willing- to pay wholesale.
THE SUNDAY CALL.
A SHADOW BEFORE.
7
I THE WONDERFUL KINGDOM OF WONDERFUL THINGS
g ..";.': By CARTOONIST . MoCUTOHBON, 3
53 ¦ • The Famous Artist who first depicted the Philippines in a way that Convulsed the World. ¦ «
§ IV I _L_ f*\ ' I "..' ",^ 0m \ II »
I Next s^unday Gall f
I. TWO FULL PAGES Something Aijsolutelu •',,,— , I
I op .-••- :¦¦¦¦:•• New for ' The, Widow's Secrets. |
I HALFiHQUR YoungandOld Wr^0SS !
lliiiiiiiii: Iliilisl Jiiii^Hiill
¦ ¦ . -lirTTBtrmnfntfrffflrrm mi i ' hi ri'trffr-'h HrtTITIlrflillfllirBfSBMSTTHE BUND A Y CALL.
8President McKinley had no particular
favorite, but loved the flowers for their
profusion of color. He was fond of sit
ting In his easy chair where he could see
the rich coloring i a the fuIL He called it
a riot of bloom, and the White House
g-Crdener was very particular to have the
plants In pood order on his return from
his vacation.
Helen Gould, who Isn't a scion of roy
alty but who comes mighty near being an
¦American queen, owns the finest chrysan
themum row In the world. It Is located In
Tarry-town and occupies a whole green
house. The little cripples of Helen Gould's
Hudson River home— Helen's Babies, they
«fe called— are allowed to walk down
chrysanthemum row every fall; and. half
cf_the working girls ct New York find.
The l'owcr is ragged and half-Inclined to
curl, and its color and dishevelled ap
pearance were commented upon by a
young woman of Washington, who laugh
ingly whispered that it bore a pronounced
resemblance to the head of a certain foot
ball player of Harvard who last season
paid Alias Alice most marked attention.
yellow, rather tawny In tone ana re
sembles the mane of the lion, which is
pc-rhaj>s the reason why the President
likes it so well, though it is rougher than
a lion's mane
only to have a rough hand laid upon her .
shoulder and a gruff voice inform her
that she was under arrest.
At this moment the Kaiser, superbly
mounted upon a cream hor:e, came charg
ing down the bridle path and.. when the
young woman saw him, ehe nearly faint
ed. But she had an American girl's wit.
Reaching forward as he drew near, s!i*>
held the flower up to the Emperor and
presented it to his Majesty with a drop
bow and a sweet smile. The bow and the
smile had to do, for she could not epcak
a word of German.
The Kaiser took the flower, bowed gal
lantly and In very good English thanked
the young woman. Then he ordered the
guard to release her, chiding him for be
ing so lacking in "• gallantry. . . • -
Loubet, Eugenie and Bernhardt.
President Loubet loves the chrysanthe
mum and Mme. Loubet. who is not a sen
timental woman, also loves It; In their
pretty summer home. Just outside Paris,
they raise the largest white specimens
grown In the French capital; and thesd
madame contributes to her pet charities.
tending out great bunches of them' out
every day during the fall.
Madame Bernhardt and the ex-Empress
Eugenie are the only public women oa '
record who do not like chrysanthemums. •
Eugenie la too Spanish . to like them with »
their, lack, of recent, for her «cx-MaJeaty ,
must, have heavy- odors; asd | Bcrahardt
THE chrysanthemum has been elected
t±»« international flower, thu3 go-
Ing the national flower one better.
No particular color is selected, just
the chrysanthemum flower, whit*.
yellow or rick.
A United Etates diplomat has just re
ceived a present from the royal hothouses
of a choice pot of chrysanthemums, all
In bud and ready to burst forth into bloom
when the time costs.
Qoeen Alexandria., whose favorite scent
less Cower the chrysanthemum li. loves
to make gifts of it to her friends and this
is ose of her meet pronounced ways of
thowirg her Queenly approval.
The Queen's p«t Cower is a pink "mum"
of moderate size ar.d with semi-curled
leaves. The flower is shaded and deeply
colored In the heart, which is slightly de
pressed. The Queen takes much pride in
her chrysanthemum house and enjoys the
ff owers because they bloom so long while
ethers are fleeting. Her Majesty calls the
chrysanthemum the fair flower of fall and
declares It to be the international flower
because It blooms in every court and coun
try In the wcrid. Recently the e«fct plants
of it to ell her lanisBa and 'relatives,
which means to every court in Durope,
and with one exception every flower
lived and bore blossoms. It was then that
she said: "It shall be the International
flower."
Her dacghter-in-law, the Prlncees of
Wales. Iik»=-s a small white chryeanthe-
OBt&n, which looks more like an old-fash
ioned China B.sir-r. The Princess prefers
this Bower because Ji was her mother's'
favorite and was raised in large l»e«J« in
Richmond Park, a here the Princess May
ppent her girlhood. One of her prettiest
pictures fcbows her with, a jar of the
Qtmers near ber.
The President's "Lion."
President Roosevelt's favorite chry
tnthexnutn is very large, as lar^e a* a
tea plate, but much thicker: It would
hardly £t Into a gsart bowL Its color, is
President Boosevelt's Favor
ite Flower la Yellow and Looks
X4ke the Head of a Football
Knight Who Pays Miss Alice
X>«voted Attention— Queen Alex
andra likes Best a Certain Pink
Flower With a Shaded Heart.
Helen Gould's chrysanthemum
Bow — The Floirer Which the
Czarina Sent to Queen Helena
cf Italy— The Chrysanthemum
Which an American Girl Picked
in the Kaiser's Garden and for
Which She Was Arrested.
Other Favorite Chrysanthe
rnTTTn n ¦
their way to Tarry town by some means
• r;d walk down the row. Here are chrys
anthemums In ail fcblors, and one flower
dlffereth from ano\er, In size. In color
and In curly glory. But to the layman
they look very much alike. ."
Tet the chrysanthemum .grower will
contradict you If you tell him this, and'
will declare that a curly locks is as. dif
ferent from an Alice Roosevelt as is a
cabbage from^a tea rose.. ami -lie will be
wilder you, with his knowledge of th<s
flowers, large 'and small, straight petalcd
and curly, regular and ragged.
The Flower as a Peacemaker.
The chrysanthemum, besides being an
international flower, has acted as a peace
maker. Once upon a time there was a
Fiory told that the Czarina was not
friend'.y wltt the Queen of Italy: that
early in their career both were trying fur
the Czar, ard when Alix of Hrfcse won
Helen* of Montenegro returned to her
mountain home In a huff. It was gossip,
all gossip, but gossip Is powerful.
So the Czarina, when *he heard this. bi<1
ed her time; and when ..to far-off Italy
there came a daughter isbe ordered larreat
beds of the g-audy chrysanthemums lifted
bodily and transported to Italy, ther* to
bloom in the royal' hothouses. At that
time there were no chrysanthemums in
Italy and the sight of the flower from her
cold northern home was most gratifying
to Italy's young Queen.
But chrysanthemums.. If they/can' do
good, can also work harm— ng a young
American girl found out. This young
American traveler, walking by-permission
in the royal grounds at Potsdam, -saw
growing along one of the walks a beauti
ful white flower which she recognlxed as
a chrysanthemum. In fact, the walk was
bordered with the flowers, not large ones/
but of medium size, of the sort that grew
at home by ' the side of the young wo
man's garden wall.
Thinking that this would make a pret
ty souvenir of her visit to the .palace
grounds, ehe stooped and picked the flowat
dees not care for them because they are
too vivid. "They take away the color of
my eyes." she declares. :
King Alfonso has Just had a bed of
chrysanthemums set out * in eoa - ef tho
royal greenhouses. The Spanish conser
vatory is not very large, for the outdoor
blooms are so. superb. , But the Kins, who
likes to own a complete assortment of bo
tanical specimens, has ordered the gar
dener to place one plant of e?ch known
color In the . greenhouse.
But It Is the little Queen Wilhelmlna
who has the prettiest • collection of chry
santhemum flowers In Europe. Her Ma
jesty chooses them for their brUllanoy of
coloring as well as for their else, and dur
ing the season she always has s great pot
of them upon her window ledge. The
Queen Is very fond of flowers and they
form the chief ornament of her summer
house. The Palace in the Woods la vivid
with them..
When the Queen goes to drive this time
of year she has her carriage banked with
big flowers, and the people who alt In the
little milk nouses that lie mm the roads
leading oat of Amsterdam know the reyej
equipage by the waving flowers- If la am
other way. It Is the custom, to rise an*
bow and wave handkerchiefs or chrysan
themums st the Queen as she passes.
The American Flower.
But It Is the American millionaires at
home and abroad who revel la ehrysantho
mums and their culture. The Gould chry
santhemum house at Lakewood la word
thousands of dollars, but not more ?»<«¦
•the Carnegie chrysanthemum house at
Sklbo Castle.
, .The Bradley Martins were probably the
-first people to make a specialty of rare
chrysanthemum growing abroad, and
•when' they built their chrysanthemum
' house at Baal ma caan. their Scottish
scooting box. It was the talk of the gar
deners of the country, for It seemed Im
possible that a scentless flower could at
tain such popularity. • - •
It was a floral screen of chrysanthe*
mums that' saved the day and the mod
esty ft Andrew Carnegie's organist. That
gentleman km In the swimming pool
when there arrived' a breathless messen
ger saying that King- Edward was com
ip? to mako a visit and that the royal
rquiparc was even' then at the- doer. H!a
Majesty's telegram bad been delayed.
3 Rushing to the swimming* pool. Mr.
Carnegie dragged eat the organist, who
¦was hurried off to the bis; organ to peal
forth. "God Save the King," while Kin*
Edward entered vastly pleased with the
music and the flowers. It was long b«
£>re his Majesty knew how the organist,
clad only m raftiirop* aad local coloring,
worked the pedals, behind the beautiful
chrysanthemum soreen
The Oowifn Emyrtu Is proud of he*
£ower, the chrysanthemum, p^vl
China is n nicked each year for tha
largest specimens. '
It was thus that an American woman
osce had audience with the Dowager Em
press. Upon her right stood the Lord
Chamberlain holdtny aloft a three-eyed
peaoock feather. On her left sat her Min
ister, trembling for tie safety of his twe
eyed head. And la front of her stood an
tmTtv MMI t pot of chrysanthemum flowers, a
brilliant yellow and »e heavy that thej
could scarce tilt upon their stems.
The Dowager Empress has done a great
benefit to the world by her rare tntelU*
genee to botanical matters and the bo*
tanlcal progress of the world has been
advanced more than on* step by her won*
derful enthusiasm fa . floriculture. Ha*
prizes are competed for by the finest
gardeners la Europe and Asia.
In America the fair flower of fall has
become a fashionable fad. No ethet
flower ever attained half Its furor. It Is
carried In the fall by matron and maid
and is the hobby of the football girl and
the football knight who makes It his em
blem.. The United States grows the big
gest chrysanthemum flowers tn the world
and It Is pleasant to know that Its euf
flowers are exported for the flower grow*
era of other in i ifilsa to see*
THE CHRYSANTHEMUM,
THE INTERNATIONAL FLOWER
Sunday Call Women and Children's SectionJust for the fun of the thing.
That girl's fun Is contagious. She sim
ply brims over with vivacity and high
spirit and even the doubtful pleasure of
standing up and looking "pretty, please,**
in half a dozen gowns was considered in'
the . light of a great lark. - ¦ It wasn't a
bit of trouble for her, and she tripped
q£out leaving a trail of laughter and good
humor behind her.
But back to that etamlne gown. . The
front breadth is wider than the ordinary
ene and Is in reality an embroidered pan
el. From there two '"• rows of shirring
commence about nine inches apart and
encircle the skirt drawing it In a snug
fashion, but hot nearly as closely as many
of .the shirred skirts have already been
drawn, so it behooves those of you. who
possess the. tight skirts 'to let them' out
at least two inches. Certainly that; will
be something to the good, for nothing has
ever f been . more uncomfortable or - more
awkward. >; :C: /¦ •¦'•vV,' ":'¦¦:¦ .""•' :.-¦
' She. possesses a swagger gown of black
spangled net, a gem of a thing for sim
plicity , for ' when you ¦ stop to remember
that i all simple things cost like furlation
it makes It very ¦ plain to be seen why
so many ; people ' like* a ' thousand and one
ruffles,' a bolt or so of lace ¦ and a - host
of ' dangling dodads. "
This frock is spangled in a trailing de-
Bign, rather lightly about the hips, but
increasing In weight and size - until at
the", bottom there Is a bewildering mass
of glinting, glittering ; bits always ' Intent
upon playing , bide'; and seek with them
selves. -¦;•"-' ¦."..:_ . :• ";'. ..' '.. ',
The waist is 'almost severely plain." The
low yoke and the elbow sleeves are trans
parent while the body . is : lined with a
tight fitting taffeta that holds and curves
the rebellious spangles. Collar— there is
I wonder how many people realise that
the bulldog boots that have been so im
mensely popular are almost a thing of the
past. The pointed toe is here again, and
strange as it looks and feels It has found
favor with the smartest of the smart and
is here to stay. And tan boots. Several
years ago no well equipped wardrob« was
considered 'complete without the low rus
set shoe, and then suddenly and without
any warning they dropped completely out
of sight
In fact it seems to me that the newest
accessories are really the oldest dating
back . to the time of our grandmother.
Her quaint, little satin sash has been un
packed and given to this generation, her
lace scarf has been utilized for flying
streamers and all her odds and ends^no
matter what their original purpose t#s.
have been confiscated and pressed Into
duty again.
"There are Just two more things that
might be of interest to you." Mrs. Belasco
said as she straightened out a biscuit
colored broadcloth ' coat, "and they
are about handkerchiefs and veils.
• You have on a. thin veil, but
I .haven't one in my possession.
Everything Is heavily dotted, the heavier
the better, and the veils that are worn
on the bats are much lighter than th«y
used to be. In fact, no woman In New
York goes about town without two veils.
One Is snug to protect her hair and the
other is loose and flying to the wind.
"And . handkerchiefs are no longer all
white. Now, don't .misunderstand me and
think I mean that they are all solid reds
and blues, for they most certainly are
not 1 but they are more than likely to have
a touch 'of color, and -I think they are
often prettier for It There may be a
band of pink and a small Initial worked
in pink on sheer white linen, or there may
be a blue border edged with lace, but
color of some kind you' will generally find
on the handkerchief that is late of Paris."
i Wrinkles, wrinkles, wrinkles. "Will there
ever be a time when the wily Frenchman
will be content to-'slt down and clasp his
hands in Idleness, or will there ever be a
time when women will refuse to linger
over a 4 o'clock tea and gossip about the
latest in clothes? Somehow when X left
the Belascos and their pretty "traps.**, aa
they call them.- I was nearly bursting t»
spring the newest In frills and furbelows,
and every woman that I have seen siace
has added a rose here, and, % bow taerv*
the result of my missionary work.
The waist is soft and. sweet. The yeke
Is of the lace, and there era small oape
extending over the Immense colored
sleeves, which are caught again at the
wrist by the same ecru bands. The body
proper Is flowered and the roses seem to
run about in the wildest confusion, drop
ping a bud here and a spray there, -while
now and then a wee cluster of leaves
seems bent on investigating the world and
what is In it. -
ways remain somewhat of ft nevetty. His*
Gussie ha* an exquisite one done la wild
roses with the soft tint* blended Into the
under linings, which are p*"* and white
chiffon over pink taffeta. -Narrow In front
and gradually Increasing la width on the
sides, and ; then again decreasing, - ia &
heavy piece of ecru lace which restrains
perfect billows of pleated colored chiffon,
which tumble about every time she takee
a step.
Now, the same long/graceful lines are
there, but Just at the waist line there Is
a slight break and the smallest Imagin
able pouch. The back Is tight fitting and
generally . plain, but the tiny deviation
makes all the difference in the world.
Satins, especially in baby blues and the
new salmon pink, trimmed with soft lace
are ideal evening gowns, but the girl who
wears them successfully must look and
act- the part of an aristocrat, for they are
positively regal looking. -
Flowered chiffons are popular, or would
be If- everybody could afford them, but
as they are ordered designs they will al-
"And 'studded things Just reminds m-e.
Paris is filled . with studded belts In cut
steel and Jet. There are any number of
studded purses in all sizes and for all pur
poses, studded with jet combs for the
hair and almost everything that you can
think of. , Those combs are beauties and
particularly chic for evening wear. I sup
pose you know that bows. and high stand- 1
ing ' ornaments are thoroughly passe.
Crowns of Jet or studded with rhinestones
are much later, but the newest and swell
est of all is a wreath of green artificial
fern studded with rhinestones. For
theater wear It is the prettiest thing a
girl can put on, for it doesn't profess to
be anything but sweet and dainty."
"Boots?" I: asked as I looked at a pair
of gray suede that now and then showed
a bit or themselves under a gray skirt.
"Shoes, why all shoes match the gowns
worn,- of course," was my prompt answer,
and I dimly thought of one or two women
I had seen walking down Market street.
shod In red and gray ties that matched
their frocks to a nicety. They had at
tracted more attention than a hundred
women with ordinary boots would have
done. And they were the latest style and
we didn't appreciate it, but looked upon
them as faddists.
"If : you wear brown, why you wear
brown." ¦
Your hat matches the frock, your coat
matches the frock, your boa matches the
frock and it is the same with your shoes
and -.your gloves.
This year 'Isn't a year of white, as it
was last winter. Then everything was
.white, and white for all occasions. Now
it's solid colors and nothing else. In New.
port red, blue and green are .worn in lin
ens, and even the parasols and bags must
express the same tone, so . you see it
keeps one busy getting enough clothes for
the- summer and then when you have
them it is time to start all over again
on the winter outfit
I don't wonder Mrs. Belasco thinks it is
a task to buy clothes and the thousand
and one whatnots that go wtth them,
especially as her two lively girls have
everything new long before others have
even seen them, and when their elaborate
costumes mean a trip across the ocean
it is quite evident that, it consumes some
little time and not a few pennies.
Princesse gowns have returned at the
beck and call of Dame Fashion and for
slender people, something that has never
been quite, a howling success before. They
have always been considered stunning for
a Venus-like girl, but, unfortunately, only
about one out of ten girls possesses a fig
ure that warrants wearing such a cut and
looking their best in It.
any stones If on* fioesn's car* for the
diamonds.
'none; WU-> the throat a small row of
brighC<'»hlnlng glints finishes the waist,
but as'she' always wears a diamond and
pearl collarette with . It the trim little
finish is never seen. . ¦ T •
Strange as t it may seem, neither of
these girls who have everything under
the shining heavens that they want and
a whole host that they don't care two
pins about care .the least for. dia
monds. Not even enough to. wear [ their
mother's, for~they don't possess any of
their own, excepting the bars in the neck
laces. • jj
But their father needs to write an extra
play now and then*, to keep them
supplied with pearls. . Pearls in
every imaginable manner— collars., ropea,
pins, rings and everything that has ever
been invented In the Jewelry line, but no
gem other than the pearl will answer
their purposes. Miss Reyna wears a rope
of baroques that would be the delight of
any girl. Every pearl would shame a
good sized pea, and as there are but three
links of sold between each one it makes
an almost solid pearl chain considerably
over two yards in length. In the most
nonchalant manner she twists it about
her throat and lets it drop as it will, and
even then it is too long. Just at pres
ent I'm living- in high hopes, for It
caught (in i chair, and In a rash mo
ment she promised me enough for a neck- .
lace, i saying it would be plenty long
enough for us both, rx- * :
Earrings evidently must be the style
for girls, although so far we haven't seen
them here.! Both the girls wear immense
pearls, too large to be comfortable, I
thought, but it developed that they were
a" new crinkle, and a clever one 'at that.
The pearl is held in place as any other
screw earrings might be, but Instead of
being in two parts and piercing the ear
It is fashioned ini one piece. The ear is
slipped between the pearl and the gold
and the screw is tightened until it is*
snug enough to hold It in place. Much
larger stonea can be worn without any
discomfort ' and It does ; away with any.
piercing, which Is so uncomfortable. Be
sides all this, it doesn't give, men an op
portunity to say that "rings .in the nose
would be quite as sensible as boring holes
in the ears.""' .' ; : ¦:.-.¦:'
"I'm going to show you something that
really Is new," said Mrs. Belasco, after
she bad brought out .what seemed to me .
like' a small houseful of what she termed,
trinkets. } 'The banquet ring, and - I'll,
warrant : you haven't seen anything like
It, now have 'you?" and she handed me
the /queerest! ring: It has :e\er been 'my;
fortune-", to • see."' '.' The ? design 1 . Is S a scroll
and very fanciful, without -/ a Jrace of
heaviness about it, 'and all carried out
in diamonds and, gold. But'the size of it! -
¦ She simply couldn't ;,wear "another ring
if she .'wanted to' the worec-.way. It ex
tends from ¦' knuckle to knuckle - and the
two inches ¦ Is : a' perfect ¦ blaze. •- •'
1 "There 1 are? hosts, of : small things that
the girls always carryt'about with them,
in," fact,' It, Is: hard 'to 'remember them all,
but" the newest In bracelets Is pretty and
simple, something: that: any young girl
can '•¦¦ wear 'with . perfect ; propriety. They
are merely a gold band about • an inch in
width" with a single Initial In chipped dia
monds. Of course, the monogram may
be used If one cares for It, but as a rule
the single letter Is more effective end It
may be mad* any size and studded with
"With this ehe a large hat of
Mack pleated tulle. Large an* round and
plain without a particle of trimming on
It excepting the material Itself. With all
tailor suits come kind of a waist must he
worn and we have rot : It Into our
heads that the heavier the material the
plainer its make, th* smarter the waist
1*. Tet the waists worn by these girls,
and all bearing the name of a French*
man, are just the thinnest of the thin. The
regulation babv waist, a mass of tucks
and lace, with new and then a bit of sheer
laws just to chow what the ground was
Bv contrasting colors I saw *clearly
vrhat the meant. Fastened firmly on her
d*rk hair, fully e>ight hat pins being used
and nearly all of them of the royal cop
per, was a large picture hat of the new
rpd. a something between a bright, flam
ing color and a rose, but a shade entirely
foreign to anything that we have had on
this coast as yet. The hat itself was
etraw and a rather coarse weave, but Its
chief beauty lay In two long red plumes,
one that retted softly on the hair and
• nether that almost covered the \op of
the hat and that drooped over the brim
in the back.
There always seems to be a host of
things, little accessories to be/sure, that
travel across the ocean gives one that
ordinary stay-at-home folks never dream
of, much le«* see. To complete her cos
tume MJps Reyna carried a bright red
parasol which Fhe tilted at forty different
dangerous angles and a red bag with R.
V. B. stamped in plain gold letters on it.
For jrlove-g sh<» wore kid, and white ones
et that, to I took it that silk gloves were
not the only ones on the market.
| And that red bag: It was too irresist
ible to paps by. Outwardly it \poked
cwagger. but inwardly it divulged the
most delightful of secrets. All imminent
ly feminine, but the kind that women
revel in and that are ruch a source of
constant amusement to men. There was
the ordinary smelling bottle, but filled
with perfume instead: the wee powder
box. with its cover dying to get off eo
that the candies might roll out and th«
numerous little things that girls are so
wont to carry about with them. But the
crowning feature was the powder puff.
A ewect smelling purple silk bag, the s:ze
of a round dollar, carefully drawn to
gether with e draw string and represent
ing nothing else but the flat hip purses
that men find so convenient- But lo, and
behold: when that string Is pulled there
Is your powder puff, soft and white, ready
to banish any traces of dust that may
have cot on your nose or in your eyes.
The puff is secured firmly in its silken
holder and after it ha* been used It can
be turned back and fastened and no one
need be the wi*er. Certainly to look at
it one would never dream that it was
meant for beautifying purposes.
The eister. Miss Gussie, has Just as
stunning a suit made of smooth black and
white checked material, the main differ
ence b*lns in the cut of the coat It Is
without the full ripple and not quite as
long, about half way to the knees, but it
has the air of being something new and
well made.
The .lackpt makes no pretense at being
anything but tailored. It Is a single?
breasted blouse, boasting of several deep
tucks to match the skirt and with plain
but larpe sleeves. Where its Frenchiness
Fhows Itself is in the little skirt effect.
Tucl-ed fo as to represent a continuance
of -he blouse, a full fitted ripple falling to
the- knees is fastened on' by means of a
slender belt, so slender that It elves the
ic>a of a two-plc-ce c klrt.
"Short skirts. English tweeds • and
blacks and whites are all the rage." said
JiJiss Reyna; "That is for morning wear
en«l for traveling purpose*, but to look
their test they should be worn with con
tracting colors."
THK David Belapeos have come to
town. And they <3:dn't come alone,
either. Full seventeen immense
Faratogas, a Final! fami'y of hat
trunk* and countless suit eases.
pripF ard bafr*» umc along with them, an
packed, crammed lull of the very latest
thai Pari* always has to offer piquant,
dar-r.i-icf i?irls.
Their nifty trave'.ing suits were the first
things that attracted attention and one
Ei»ne at them f.rmly convinces one that
th< v were never turned out nt any of our
hc:::e> Fhcps. One Is s rough gray cloth,
rather mottled in appearance, yet di.*
tir.'tly gray The skirt is. of course,
ehort." Not that bobby length, but Just
clearing the ground *o as to make walk
lug a pleasure instead of a tiresome bore.
The front -brcafith is plain, but great
pleats are iet in all around the skirt to
the very back, giving that fullness and
fewii g that slender people can stand eo
well.
By Madg'e Moore.
"I tell mamma If I am ever going to
•wear black I ought to do it right now,"
Ehe said as she laid out several somber
skirts. "I never could make out why
a woman wants to wait until she be
gins to show wrinkles before she puts
on the most trving color that was ever
invented. Whv it brings out every de
fect and makes people look as old as
the hills, but it's the- smartest thing to
wear after all," and away she danced
"I'll tell. you where- the change has been
made in etamir.es. Not in the 'materials
itself, but in the making and the trim
mings. No more laces are used unless
they are an exact match. For instance
(taking up a pearl gray blouse), this waist
Is all there is to th.s suit, and you sec it
is one perfect color. These laces are gen
erally white or cream and th*n they are
dyed all colors to suit th*" materials, and
the woman who buys a white lac<j or
white trimmings for a' tan frock hasn't a
first-class dressmaker behind her. It
isn't always the goods Itself that makes
a stylish frock, but the way It is made."
There is more truth than poetry in that,
too, if you .but knew it. That gray suit
was as plain as plain could be, that is,
without the Jace, but the great collar and
trie bagg.- sleeves with great uprawly me
dallions, with now and then a tucx,
transformed the nun's garb Into an ultra
fa.-hioriable afternoon calling costume.
Black etamlne is always pretty and
should retain 1U popularity through thick
and thin. One of the prettiest I have seen
for many moons belongs to Miss Gussie,
who by the way has a decided preference
for blacks in every kind of materials.
crigir.ally intended to be. .1 d-light to
look at, but rath«r frigid to wear.
There Is one thing I want to say right
now. TYic.se of you whe have etam.nj
gowns n<?ed not feel so badly about It.
even If your next door neighbor is wear
ing everything awfully fuzzy and heavy.
Etamlnes will still be wcrn In Par's a:nl
in New York even if they r.re not on this
coast, and soorer or later. thty w.U be
back here ag^In.
"How perfee y queer about •ctamlnes,"
laughed Mrs. Betasco, when I. looked my
surprise at seeing a new frocK of U.
"Why, they are as much worn as eve-.
These two gowns are perfectly new and
you see hoFts of them in New York a!l
the tirre. Now. I'm going to tell you ;i
little secret and cee if it vtxee you. The
pet pie of San Francisco are perfect dears,
but they are awfully behind times <vhcu
It comes to styles." And then whtn I
didn't fly into fourteen peces she aoded,
"And it makes them furious to tell tl'u.n
about it— as a rule.
THE LATEST
PARISIAN
GOWNS IN
SAN FRANCISCO
THE SUNDAY CALL.
10*^f GLIMPSE, a flash— and then pres
f I to— change! Such Is the way with
f""H the frills, the -furbelows and the
I conceits that are meant for noth
"* Ing else under the shining sun but
• ,the adornment of. women, lovely women.
I j For what Is called midsummer, the pres
v «nt faahionn are but a revival of the past,
. but they are so thoroughly transformed
that no one but an expert would recog
nise them, and then there probably would
b* s> doubt as to whether or not they had
imHt been used. /
Borne four years ago the flowered mus
lins were all the vogue and they are most
extensively worn at the resorts this
lummer, the main difference being in
the cut, which is graceful, and the artis
tic trimming, which makes them into
charming frocks. For instance, the shirr
ing used to be perfectly round, somewhat
like barrel hoops slipped over tha arms
and then extended down as far as one
pleased. The style ..was all well enough
for very slender folks, but It was an
abomination for any /one with an ounce
too much of solidness. This year the
shirring is not done in that round and
round fashion, but follows the drooping
lines of the girdle, and the girlish girl is
never seen to better advantage than when
arrayed in all her light, fluffy, shirred
glory.
An important item is the care that is
bestowed on the details of .the silk or
lawn slip worn under all gowns, especial
ly the gauzy ones. It must be as soft
and pliable and as carefully cut as the
Cown itself, to give what is commonly
called by modistes inline -effects." And,
by the way, did you"know. that organdy,
perfectly cut "and daintily trimmed with
lace. Is one of the most popular linings
that can be had this year? Well, they are
and for several reasons. With ; a thin
frock, no matter what its purpose, the .
lining must be made with a train, and it
is inly a matter of several - wearings be
fore the delicate silk or lawn is soiled and
all the fresh beauty of the frock is lost.
* With a silk underlining the sweetness is
utterly irrevocably gone and it will cost,
a pretty penny 'to get a new one, more,
perhaps, than ; 4fce gown warrants, - but
with the organi^slip it is quite different.
All one has to do 1* to send it to the laun
dry and Io! and behold! it returns looking
quite as well as when it was new and
the expense is but a trifle.
So this winter when you. milady, are
selecting your dainty evening gowns, re
member that a princess style is by far
the most satisfactory, but remember, too,
if you make your own linings that they
are much more difficult to manage than
an ordinary skirt with a sleeveless and
low necked waist, for without the lines
that make the princess what they are
they are an utter failure. ' , ¦
While the winter materials have chang
ed radically, that is the materials for
heavy outdoor suits, there is the same ,
lovely variety of sheer goods that will
serve again for evening frocks. Silk,
mousseline, chiffon, mull, organdy, ba
tiste, nainsook, net and point d' esprit are
by far the most popular on account of the
soft, clinging qualities, as they are easily
adapted to the present fashions. *
The day of crepe de chine and etamines
has passed and right sorry are the
majority of folks to see them relegated
to the dark shelves, for . nothing could
make a more stunning gown or be more
serviceable than these two materials. In
place of them has come the silk voile,
although it Is far too expensive for the
| average purse, and .the modest nun'e veil-
Ing, with a perfect legion of dotted and
beautifully embroidered batistes.
For the remainder' of the summer and
until late In the fall, taffeta in stripes
and checks will do duty for traveling and ,
shopping, and Just at present /there is
nothing quite so fashionable or seemingly
quite so suitable. In black and \ white,
blue and green, blue and black and brown
and white these silks are In constant de
mand and the simplest shirt-waist style
'j the beat liked, sometimes piped with a
eoJM color by way of trimming, but other
, wise perfectly plain sod absolutely com
fortable. /
While these little gowns all look more
or less jomewhat aUkp^they can be made
as varied as one fancies. There . are all
degrees of checks and strides, some small
and indistinct, while others are large and
very decided, but all are made of .the thin
taffetas, the foulards entirely going out
with the last season. ¦> i
To our sorrow, the shirt /waist, really
seems to be going out. "Yet/ who fails to
remember when. one and all shouted at
the top of their voices, "No matter what
comes, I'll wear the shirt waist. It is by
far too^ comfortable to be discarded be
cause fashion dictates so." '
Well, fashion has said that the shirt
waist must go and going it most certainly
is. There are all sorts and conditions of
pretty bodices made of the same material
as the skirt is and for want of something
better they are called the "shirt" suits,
but the waist of varied colors to be worn
with one skirt is distinctly a thing of the
past. . .:.
To be smart the suit must be the same
color and Jt should be of the same
material.' Fortunately, such costumes are
swell and comfortable as well, atnd It may
be possible that they will last until the
supreme ruler, Mr. Frenchman, decides
that we may glory in colored shirts with
odd skirts again.
For street suits the shaggy, wooly
materials have come in with a rush and a
bang and right queer do they look, too,
in 'direct contrast with the smooth satin
finish that has delighted the hearts of
all dressmakers. And the plaids, great
squares and checks. Alm6st until you
can't, rest. And the viyld colors. * Just
the very" loudest and gayest that" could
possibly be combined. •
Of course, all the materials are noK
going to be checks. ..They could never
be adopted by • the woman with too much
avoirdupois, no matter how smart they,
were, for, thanks be, there are still a' few
women who realize that fashions are not
always set for • all folks and they /wisely
refrain from following blindly . a!nd , look
ing, as a consequence, like a fright • and
receiving only the pity of their friends.
Flecked goods seem to be their salva
tion, and as they come in an endless va
riety and In every conceivable color the
heavy woman really is >not to. be pitied.
A soft black covered with a long silk hair
and .with occasionally a patch. ' of white
dotted here and there makes. up as pret
tily as can be imagined, the heavy mate
rial belngcut to fit, the figure 1 closely and
.with ' no; more trimming than is: really
necessary. , ; :.'¦¦ -'. ' «^ v- .•' • »<", ••'-
For - the ,girl with sparkling black eyes
and a quantity of black hair' such a pat
tern in red, 'with, a" patch of black -now.
and then, is more than fetching. The
warm tones bring "out j all her rich color
ing, and she looks her -most bewitching. .
While 1 hats really don't;; belong- here,
they are far too Important a factor to" be
entirely ignored, especially -when/speak
ing of a red and black ttock. Pokes are. to
be /worn this year,-' you know— the' really,
tri/ly poke that yoiir^ grandmother and
her ; grandmother wore ¦ before her; the
kind that come down over the, ears' a lit
tle, fit down snugly over the back of the
head and that flare right up in the front
Just- as far as they can and that afford
such an excellent opportunity to show off
the beauty of the latest halrdresslng. •«'.
For' several seasons it has. been the
proper thing to have a great plume, that
made your pocketbook feel ill for a week
after its 'purchase, softly laid over 1 tha
rim and gently framing the face. .It cer-.
talnly was vastly becoming and more than
pretty; but this fall the feathers are to!
be used in quite a different way. In the.
first place, such an immense. one Is really
not essential to one's happiness. Three
smaller ones— not too' wee, though— are to
stand straight up, as though about to de
clare their Independence. On account of
the flare brim they may be Eeen now and.
then, but It will only be when the head
is bobbing In a saucy fashion, and then.
the feathers will only serve to accentuate
the impertinence of the wearer. •'_.'"•
So, now, say if you can that this winter
will not create havoc with the hearts of
men.' The quaint old styles always have
been admired," but' not until right lately
have they j been evoked . with as much ao- -
curacy as at this present time.
, A calling or a reception frock will not
necessarily be made of heavy materials—.
In : fact, It .would, seem j tha,t . they .would
be far too heavy looking and, too warm
N for such purposes. The .voile is a.beautl
fuV weave coming in checks, plaids, stripes
and dotted, with a variety of novelties,
showing white hairs all over the surface.
A swell gown for the late autumn is a
pale coffee, a shade that has been worn
quite a little and that seems to be well
adapted to the. complexion of the average
woman. However,; just a word of warn
ing. Try all these shades well before buy
ing. Ifs there is the least suspicion of yel».
low in your .skin it will bring out every
' bit of it and will give you a sallow, look
mat is anything but; pleasing.
•The w-ais.tr is. In simple cut, but very
elaborate as to, lace and embroidery, and
the three-flounced skirt, the upper flounce
deeper than the others* has' the hip yoke
formed of whip cordlngs, that. have been
so much admired but not much worn. On
the edge^of each flounce is a band of deep
ecru ; lace, and, if you please, a narrow
band of silk, say, in a deep red of* some
contrasting color, used somewhat in the
piping, fashion. Beneath this skirt a soft
lining of taffeta is worn, and it Is a pretty
idea to have it several shades lighter than
the material itself, for -it shows through
and lends quite another tone.
Girdles are quite a feature in the fin
ishing touches of gowns these days. "With
such a gown the soft satin in the exact
coffee shade should be worn. The front
is rather narrow and "deeply pleated so
as. to give breadth in the back. When
it is possible fasten the girdle to the
waist.for you will find nine times out of
ten that' it t will set much better and re
tain its 'shape much longer..
Pull it gently up ton the. Bides, grad
ually, of course, until it his reached the
height that you wish It to be in the
back and then gently tack it here and
there to hold it In place. Don't be afraid
of getting It too high. Six, seven or even
eight inches will finish it oft nicely.
To be Bure, it must be fastened in some
way, and there is no better or more eat- t
isfactory method than the great silk eyes.
It wasn't so very long ago that the ring
fancy work was all the , rage, so if you
will hunt diligently lyou may be able to
find a few that will answer the purpose.
They are' generally wooden or of com
mon wira and , are covered with a stout
buttonhole silk in ¦ the regulation button
hole -fashion.- Fasten them on three
fourths of the way around firmly, but
be sure to leave enough space for a
heavy ribbon to lace through, for that is
the way all- the girdles fasten at pres
,enL Commence at the top and lace zig
zag downward until, the two ends of tha
satin come together, and then tie the ends
in a stiff bow with the short ends stick
ing, straight out In donkey ears. It is
a matter of choice as to whether the
streamers are long, or short. Some, think
that tne small stiff ends: are more chic,
while : - others f fancy j the ~ two ends short
with the Sloops falling in graceful lines
to i the bottom* of , the, skirt, and really
they, are 'exceedingly smart when |he fig
ure, is lithe and' slender. - / •.;'-.• .'•; .'
.^Noti'only. are suits and all manner of
gowns made of these heavy- materials, but
coats,. as well have been, so desirable a
garment that they are included in every
well appointed outfit, and they- are con
sidered- particularly" Frenchy " when* ' they
are. long and loos'e and maut of a check
or a small plaid.' The uses of this styl
ish and accommodating garment are too
many to even be enumerated. There is
scarcely. an occasion when such a coat
is hot considered proper and effective as
well. To have the rough, wrap does not
mean that It must necessarily be light,
either In tone - or weight, , for a black
Jacket can be woolly equally as well as
a white one and be every inch as smart.
Black and white, by the way, still re
mains a good and popular combination,
and not a few. imported robes are faith
fully carried ' out in these two colors,
even to the embroidery and laces that
seem preferred to anything else in the
trimming line, although let-in medallions
of ' lace dyed to match and self-colored
embroideries mak# one . of the ¦ best fea
tures of unique ornamentation,
Those of you who posses* gowns of
smooth materials that are new. and strik
ing break your heart and your purse Im
mediately and wear them out while they
: still retain their popularity, or ! else you
. will have them on your bands and will
be ashamed to get the good of/ them, No
woman cares to parade the streets In a
frock of last summer's make, neither
does ' she fancy wearing; materials - that
Ihavejasaed-tato, obUvV»W
A Pictorial 'Forecast of . What CM ilacly .of
/Fashion Will Wear;' TMs' Winter.
RACIAL CHANGE
IN
FROCK FABRICS
THE SUNDAY CALL.
11THE SUN DAY CALL.
is possible, for real simplicity, la cut cf
style. . Wv : -
What a day it Is for fandness in dress.
They may say what-: they please about
simplicity of outline and, absolute plain-'
ness as the keynote to ' elegance. But.
when you come to look at the gowns, you
will find that they are very far from
plain, and If there is any such' thing as
simplicity, it would take a very keen per
son to discover its whereabout a.
Dresses are trimmed to the last degree
and embroidered to the last notch. On
the fall gowns there Is lace used upon
everything, even to a gown of fine brown
serge which had a deep brown lace dec
orating it, and lace flounces as deep as
the knees are used upon some of the
autumn cloaks.
Those who think that the gowns of to
day are simple should study the lines of
the tailored dresses of flsjeen years ago
when sleeves were made exactly like
men's coat sleeves, when collars were
perfectly straight bands, and when the
dress skirt fitted like a glove, and when
the waist was a jersey waist without a
sign of trimming upon it.
It took an angel of a figure to wear
those plain clothes, and in this respect
the woman of to-day has the advantage
over her ancestress who wore a Jersey,
for the gowns that are now made are so
skillfully and so artistically treated that
defects of figure are hidden, and all
women look beautiful under the magic
touch of a yard of lace and : a chiffon
flounce with a little applique to bring out
the best points.
But the autumn girl looking for a pic
ture cloak will 1 scarcely go into ecru, but
she may seek out brown, for brown is
coming »in and very neat and attractive
It looks. A well-known ' society woman
takes a walk every day up Fifth avenue.
"The woman in brown" she is called, be
cause Ehe wears a lovely fall suit all in
brown, g
> Her low shoes are 'of expensive soft
brown, leather, and her brown silk stock
ings match them to a shade. Then there
is her gown, which is a brown etamlne,
trimmed with such very narrow bands
of brown 811k, and over all there Is worn
a brown tYiree-quarter coat of moire, a
beautiful thing, with a wide collar and
Gibsonlan shoulders.
Her hat Is a biff black oicture hat In
chip, with brown feathers In three
shades. It Is a lovely affair and the
whole makes a remarkably lovely picture
for the promenades. It is not at all
With the introduction a few months
ago of a series of the leading novels of
the day, published complete, with speak
ing illustrations. In from two to four is
sues, the Sunday Call leaped into first
place with one bound. There Is no pub
lication on the coast to compare with it,
this feature placing it head and shoul
ders above all competitors. Announce
ment Is now made that with each Sunday
number will be issued an art supplement
of favorite paintings by Bryson. the artist
who created "The Lady in Scarlet." with
full Instructions for cheap and efitectir*
framing. This is an astounding offer,
each of these pictures commanding Jl 60
In the art stores. .Each of these pictures
by Bryson "represents a beautiful girl in
a clinging gown of truly striking hue.
who combines in her pose all the seduc
tiveness of Carmen, with the illusive mys
tery and charm of Faust; and each In a
different combination of colors."
From tha Modesto (CaL) Harald.
Bryson'j Beauties.
gaudy, yet It catches the eyt because if
Is so very tasteful.
The picture girl of autumn had better
make up, her mind that she Is going to
match throughout, and she had better
also resign her purse and herself to the
fact that she must harmonize throughout.
If it takes the last cent of her dress
money and keeps her busily working day
and night.
The greatest Sunday paper published
en the Pacific Coast is the Ban Francisco
Call. Aside from Its usual magazine sec
tion and other departments it presents
every Sunday a beautiful art picture.
Many of the readers of that paper will
remember the artistic production in colon
entitled, "The Lady In Scarlet." by Bry
pcn. The Call has secured a series of pic
tures bjr the sane artist and will present
one each Sunday, commencing July 12. to
each of Us subscribers. These produc
tions are rare specimens of art work and
are from paintings. The Call is the only
paper published which can present the
Bryson pictures, as It has secured the ex
clusive right from the artist. These pic
tures are sent absolutely free to »U %ub
ecrlbers to The Sunday Call. Price by
mall, $2 50 per year.
From the Colfax (Wash.) Gazette.
Mrs. Dcsew is scarcely an old man's
darling, for there is such a very great
difference in the ages of the two. but she
Is certainly the sweetheart of her hus
band, who dotes on her.
As the "summer girl's" fondness for
travel com*s next to her love of dress,
let us Journey back across the water
sgain. There we will find Margaret of
Connaught. who has been rumored en
gaged to the Crown Prince of Germany.
The picture on this page shows her as
a "summer sirl." Margaret is distin
guished In more ways than one. In ad
dition to being of royal blood she is the
most beautiful and the most highly ac
complished of any of the English Prin
cesses, and It Is said her marriage to the
Crown Prince would give general natis
factlon. and more especially would it
please the young man's mother. What
more could any "summer girl" want?
And n«xt we have the picture of the
beautiful Mrs. Arthur Paget as she looks
since her recovery from her recent ill
ness. She Ij very slender and decidedly
youthful in spite of the fact that she
has » son In the King's Guards and a.
daughter in society.
And then there Is— but doubtless that
it enough to show to what lengths the
love cf things beautiful will carry even
the most exalted. The pictures look sim
ple enough, don't they? Well, that is
precisely the effect that the "summer
girl" strives hardest to attain. It is the
simplicity of elaboration, if such a thing
The Lady in Scarlet.
All this would be remarkable enough
in Itself, but the real Burprise of the
hour Is the fact that the new "summer
girl" fad has been appropriated by some
of the most distinguished women In the
world as peculiarly and exclusively their
own. if you please. Just think of it! No
less than royalty and blue blooded aris
tocracy before the camera as victims of
the new picture craze for striking effects
In costume poses. Hark a while to the
reading of the list of distinguished "sum
mer girls."
First, let. us announce the Princess of
Wsks, whose picture appears above. The
Princess cf Wales Is one of the most dis
tinguished "summer girls" living. She
dresses In white to the end of the season,
for she loves to be a "summer girl." In
deed she is universally known for her
great fondness for flowers. She is the
honorary head of more floral societies than
any other woman In the United King
dom.
For the next on the list let us return
to America. Here follow names to con
jure with.
Mr. and Mrs. Chauncey M. Depew are
In many respects the • most remarkable
couple In the United States. Mr. Depew.
who will be 70 on his next blrthdav. is
as hale and hearty as a man of 50. Mrs.
Depew. who is considerably younger than
he, is remarkable for her charm of man
ner and graceful bearing.
Mrs. Depew has probably more gowns
than any other American woman living,
for Mr. Deoew is a firm believer in the
gospel of fine dress and in the cure which
dress works upon the feminine mind. The
last time they went abroad he said:
"Mrr Depew is not very well, but will
he better a* soon as she has seen her
Paris dressmakers. I shall take her to
eee D-; Worth and other dress physi
cians."
«¦* "T EAV effects in photography. Lat
f\\ est things in fluffs and frills.
I Given a combination of the two
V *" and you have the summer girl
and her latest foible. And where
the result it so perfectly fascinating who
can blame her?
12
SOME
DISTINGUISHED
SUMMER
GIRLSexchange gossip of the tutt. !
Before the Belmont idea of separating
stables for -stallions, mares arid young
stock obtained Peter Duryea had built his
place, and consequently he made but one
long stable. It is an eighth of a mile
long, the largest barn in America devoted
to harness horses. It Is famous as the
home - of the great stallion Patchen
Wilkes.: .+;-t
*£ <&- America's Wonderful Coal Mines
By far the most valuable of our min
eral products Is coal. , In this age 'of
steam and electricity, when cheap power
is the very life of a nation's industry,
coal is king. Professor John Tyndall said
that the seat of England's greatness was
her coal mines. Without them she could
never have become the mistress of the
world's manufactures; and without them
she could not remain the mistress of the
seas.
But Great Britain's coal 'lies 2000 feet
below the surface, and is mined In a tem
perature of 100 degrees or higher. There
are prophecies that the supply will be ex
hausted within fifty years, and it is stat-
ed that the mines of Germany and tB«
Netherlands are still nearer exhaustion.
The coal supply of Europe Is distributed
as follows : x Russia has 27,000 square
miles, said to be of poor quality; Great
Britain, 9000; Germany, 3600; France,
1800;: Belgium, Spain and other countries,
1400. ' •
The United States has 194,000 squar«
miles of coal measures, saya Success,
which Is' more than ! four times th« are*/
of all the coal fields of Europe, twenty
one times the coal fields of Great Britain,
and 41 per cent of all the coal area* of
the world.
. Not less' than thirty of our States ' and
Territories are now producing coal for
the ; market In West Virginia, forty
eight counties out of fifty-four bava coal
deposits. Ohio has had at one time 215
large mines, besides 3S3 small ones, dis
tributed through thirty counties. Of the
twenty-four States and .Territories west
of the Mississippi, coal has been found in
every one save Minnesota,
In 1S70 Germany raised more coal than
we' and Great Britain nearly four times
as much. In 1830 we had passed - Ger
many, but Great Britain raised more than
two tons to our one.. In 1300 the United
States led the United Kingdom by 18,000.
000 tons, and produced more than twice as
much coal as ' Germany. Our product is
now- more than • one-third of the world's
annual supply.
The none of the horse about Lexington
Is really a beautiful park. Each mlllion
• !re tries to outdo his neighbor in' the
matter of Improvements. Everywhere, as
far ii the eye can reach, are miles of
macadamized roads cutting; their way
through the green of the level turf
and the shadow of the forest trees. Ev
erywhere the natural beauty of the Iand
¦ecape has been preserved. Even the pad
'<!ocks are bo well placed as to give no
unpleasant suggestion of their stock yard
existence.
Many of the houses are approached by
circular drives under long galleries of
high fir trees. And here on Mr. Harkness'
place is one of the largest training stables
in the world. It is 400 feet long by 70 feet
•wide, and there is an arched central aisle
running through Its full length. The
Ftalls, neat and clean, open upon It from
cither 6lde.
It was In this stable that many noted
horses have been born and sheltered, for
V.'n!r.ut HIM farm has the distinction of
raving accomplished in ten years what
r.*a* usually difficult to attain In twenty.
In a single season its horsfs won three
classic stakes, including both divisions of
THOEOTJGHBBED IN PARADISE.
(~y 3METHING In the Juicy blades of
V^^y blue grass, in the clear water flow-
Y*J Ing from the limestone hills. In the
K— * glint of the yellow sunlight which
warms the paddocks throughout the
long waiting days of development, some
thing—who can tell what?— made . the
State of Kentucky famous for her horses,
«r.d the city of Lexington, the center of
the blue grass region, the well-bred
horse's home.
New Tork millionaires, when it was
demonstrated beyond the shadow of a
doubt that the racer born and bred in
the heart of the blue grass was superior
In all things to one reared in any other
Etate In Union, began turning their at
tention to the possibilities of that State,
tiEtll to-day around Lexington, as a
focus, there are grouped many of the
most famous stock farms In the world.
Among the first of the New Yorkers to
come here waa L. V. Harkness, who was
•oon followed by August Belmont. Others
who are grouped about the town, within a
radius of eight miles or more, are Fox
hall Keene. Peter Duryea. J. B. Haggin,
Colonel PfppeT, Berator Van Meter. Mr.
I/esher end the two Gibson brothers,
Howard ard Richard.
At first these men went to Kentucky
merely to establish breeding- places and
nurseries for promising colts, but some
how, as they repeatedly went down to see
how the horses were getting along, the
charming climate, landscape and customs
grew upon them and they built homes
near their training stables, and the homes
are beautiful. Mr. Harknpss bought the
eld Walnut Hall track and more in the
?ldnity. until he has a farm cf 2009 acres
•f rolling tneadew and woodland close to
l>exington.
It Is called Walnut Hall farm, after the
mansion house, a spacious colonial struc
ture bcilt by Victor Flournoy, a planter
of the early *3D*s and a descendant of the
Cavaliers, who owned several hundred
slaves and much property in the South.
Every door In the old house. It is Fa!d.
Is made from eolid walnut cut from the
adjacent woodlands, and the interior is
all of carved walnut. Even the floors are
of the eame material. After purchasing
the pl3ce Mr. Harkness spent thousands
cf dollars in modern Improvements, and
to-day it Is one of the most complete
stock farms of Lexington.
As an adjunct to their racing stable In
England James R. Keene and his son,
Foxhall K*ene. maintain a large breeding
stable in Kentucky, also near Lexington.
The place is called Castleman and here
Beeldea his stud farm Mr. Belmont still
maintains two training stables, one at
Babylon and the other on the South Car
olina training track. Recently four year
lings from his Kentucky farm were sent
to England to be trained for their entry
in the Derby and Oaks of 1905. "With them
he hopes to renew the success of the fam
ous old Bridegroom.
The old method of raising thor
oughbreds was primitive— that is to say,
nature and the blue grass had their way
largely, and the horses were sheltered at
night In primitive stables which served
well enough a generation ago. When Mr.
Belmont appeared on the scene he erected
some buildings. There were buildings for
stallions and buildings for mares and
buildings for young stock, with ail the
modern improvements. And the rest of
the horsemen, catching the merit of the
Idea, eagerly followed. On his Kentucky
farm lives the great stud Hastings, a
horse which is considered one of the lead
inc stallions in America, a reputation
which he holds owing to the winnings
this year of two of his children, Magis
trate and Gunfire.
Mr. Belxnont's Model Farm.
Unlike all the rest, August Bclmont's
place Is not adorned with a magnificent
palatial residence, because that lover of
horses does not live on his breeding farm.
But what he loses in residence he makes
up In splendor of horse buildings and in
terior equipment. It requires revenues
arising from millions to defray the ex
penses of his stables, because he manages
them on such broad lines.
cious porch. There are four of these mas
sive columns upholding the roof or the
porch, which is a continuation of the roof
of the house Itself. The two outside
pillars are guarded by a marble lion hold
ing a shield.
This palatial residence has Just been
finished and it is. one of the wonders of
the blue grass country. It cost some
thing like one million dollars.
Mr. Haggin is said to be the most ex
tensive breeder in the world, and he is a
rpmarkable man in the matter of produc
ing thoroughbreds. No other person In
any country is breeding horses on the
same scale. He offers for sale, it is said,
about one-twelfth of all the young horses
v.hich annually appear upon the turf.
And he is not to be blamed If he keeps
the best for future reference. Arkell and
Salvator. who made themselves favorites
this year, live in the paddock just behind
the housA. ?-i •-
Perhaps the most beautiful of the man
sions which these lovers of horses have
erected is the home of J. B. Haggin. It is
a beautiful classic marble pile, in which
new and later improvements are blended
with the old Southern idea, which calls
for towering pillars, running to the full
height of the building, supporting a spa-
something which no horse has ever been
able to do before. Her sire was M jko. the
intelligent, noble-looking aristocrat, the
youngest "sire to a Futurity winner. He
was a son of Barcn Wilkes, and a.s a trot
ter has equaled the speed of any of his
brothers.
Mabel, another Futurity winner, by
Moko. has also contributed to the honors
of Walnut Hall. Zenum. who was un
beaten during the season of 1902; Chestnut
King and Dartmore are olher notables.
Mr. Haggin's Marble Palace.
that most Important of American turf
events, the Kentucky Futurity.
Fereno, the noble mare who did this.'
captured the stake as' a two-year-old and
the following year as a three-year-old.
Like all the other native breeders of
horses, the Gibsons— father, eons and
daughters — are always in the saddle. And
their greatest pleasure is to ride over to
Senator Van Meter's place or to Colonel
.Pepper's to see how the horses tha.t make
Kentucky famous are getting along and to
At Elmside lives Mrs. Louisiana Max
field (nee Gibson), whose room at a fash
ionable New York hotel was robbed last
year, when she came North to see some
of their favorites run and who has the
reputation of being herself the most fam
ous cross country rider In Kentucky.
Homes of the Gibsons.
Elmside and Shadysides£re the names
of the homes of Messrs. Howard and
Richard Gibson, who own adjacent farms
near Lexington. Both of these places are
old fashioned mansions. One Is a typi
cal Southern porch, with a plain red
brick house back of it; the other is a
Gothic structure, most euggestive of a
Norman church. Only the best of horses
are In the stables.
Is the home oCSiajor Daingerfleld, not the
horse, but the man. Castleman is a typ
ical Southern brick house, with a front
porch and the inevitable short columns.
Shaded by tall trees growing from a well
kept lawn, it is a place of rest for the
venerable trainer.
Trifles as Irritants.
We are so constituted that what Is oc
curring at the moment interests us often
out of all proportion to its importance.
For example, we are thrown off our bal
ance by the merest trifles, perhaps, which
occur to-day, but which, in a week's time,
may have no significance whatever. Ob
stacles which seem like mountains, when
we meet them, dwindle away to mole
hills when We get away from them.
Even what seemed tragedy at the mo
ment in the future may be the most in
nocent comedy.
Most of us are so constituted that we
will make almost any sacrifice for pres
ent peace. It would seem easier to have
an arm or a leg amputated two years
hence than to lose a finger to-day! It
is human nature to shrink from pain, and
we purchase release at almost any cost:
If we could only train the mind to look
at to-day's trouble and annoyance from
the standpoint of the future it would b«
much easier to bear.
THE SUITOAY CALL.
After a visit to Lexington one can read
ily understand that racing has taken a
firm hold on the millions of Americans
as a recreation and from the pure -love
of the horse. With such a stable as Is
represented by the combined farms in this
most populous home of the thoroughbred
It lsl believable that Americans will some
day lead, instead of follow, as they do
now, the English and French gentlemen
of wealth in the thoroughbred procession.
13
KENTUCKY'S SPLENDID HORSE HOMES
IN THE BLUE GRASS REGION WHERE THE RACING LORDS RESIDE.
So Say
Jhey jfll!
JOE ROSENBERG
Ss Crowned for
FORM -BUILDING
CORSETS.
San Francisco womea have b««a
made famous for their lovely forms
by wearing; our celebrated corsoti.
La Vida— ~~~~
Made of the finest Imported ma-
terial, boned with genuine whale-
bone; a corset for the most fas-
tidious women.
Price, $3,50, $5.00 and $7.50
Van Orden La Grecque—
Made of XXX Italian doth,
boned with aluminoid boning, which
is unbreakable. Twenty different
models to choose from— from the
stout woman to the college girl.
Price, $1.50, $3,50 and $7.50
Celebrated
NEMO, self-reducing corset, mad*
of English imported cloth, boned
throughout with rustproof steels.
which will not bend or break; self-
reducing b«It attachment.
Price, $2.75, $3.50 and $5.00
C. B. A la Spirites—
Made of Italian cloth, princess
hip. long over the abdomen, for
slender and medium stout figures.
Price, $1.00, $1.50 and $2.50
CORSETS PITTED TBEX.
Expert fitters in attendance.
JOE ROSENBERG,
HOME OF GOOD COKSET3.
816 Market St.
Running tiirough.to II O'Farrell St.
matt, osssxs soxaexno*.'' i $i ?i"
battle with the Third Vermont Infantry
in isGl. "When noticing a small red fias;
at the foot of some 0' the sheds he said:
" 'May I ask, nurse, what those flags
mean?*
" 'They mean low diet, sir/
" •What Is low dletr
"'Wine, whey, milk and watar. its*
gruel— always something light,' I an
swered.
"Walking with President Uaoetm
through the ward to the door, he said:
" 'Well, nurse, we often hear the re
mark that these are days that try man's
souls— I think they try women's eeols*
too. I shall remember yon and. all the
noble women of the North when this lxad
Is at peace.' "
Mrs. Mary A. Bickerdyke, a widow with
two little sons, was living in Gales'burg,
111., when she went to the front. In No
vember, 1861. Aftercaring for the wound
ad at Belmont she was appointed matron
of the United States hospital at Cairo.
She was the authorized agent of the Chi
cago Sanitary Commission, with author
ity to draw all needed supplies, while
Generals Grant and Sherman gave her
passes everywhere, ordering all military
roads and boats to give her free trans
portation.
Mrs. Bickerdyke was a practicing physi
cian when she entered the service, and
this was of great advantage to her as a
nurse. Always resourceful and econom
ical, ahe baked fresh bread for the hos
pital, and it was said, "Mother Bicker
dyke could bake bread on horseback," as
she often carried the set sponge in this
way. baking it as soon as her portable
oven could be set up when camp waa
reached. /
At Memphis the milk and eggs were ao
bad that "Mother" Blckerdyke obtained a
furlough, hastened to Chicago, where ahe
made her wants known, and soon had 100
cows and 1000 hens, donated by the pa
triotic people of Illinois, whose Governor
had them shipped to Memphis.
General Hurlburt, commanding the de
partment, gave her an island opposite tha
city, where contrabands took charge of her
stock. Some of these cows traveled long
distances with the army and saved many
a soldier's Ufe.
Just at the dose of the war some of
her boys invited her to a review. Donning:
her sunbonnet, she was seated on an ele
vated seat and was amazed to see her old
cows file past, each with coats curried
until they shone, horns polished and hoofs
blackened and bright as patent leather.
No general ever enjoyed a review of his
troops more than did "Mother" Bicker
dyke, her "cows', review." She remained
in the service until March, 1866.
"One day President Lincoln visited the
hospital at Georgetown with two man car
rying a basket of grapes for those who
were allowed - fruit," ; says Mrs. Harriet
M. Bcott, who followed her husband Into
.. xntnd becomes so very fine, we ean know
some finer things that cannot be ex
plained by material science. . Then, when
we can understand In this life regarding
the future.' we can understand something
of the next Ufa. In that Intense love we
sometimes say that we will meet again,
. even after death. You know that is a
amying that comes out of intense lore.
There can be no other higher reason than
Viet, than faith. That .is the basis of
uigner science, higher mathematics, ''al
though we took in the beginning some
thing for granted, yet afterward we find
that by that granting, by that simple
faith, we have not lost. So with faith of
religious, of spiritual things.
"In the theory of Vedanta there is no
death; and when we say that there is no
death we should say, if we are logicians,
that there Is no life. Life and death are
relative. Where there Is death, there Is
understood life. So Vedantists say there
is no death nor life. But they say you
have eternal life— not Ufe as relative to
death; not life under limitations, under
conditions, but absolute life, eternal life,
and that life cannot have death. Noth
ing can burn roat life, nothing can bury
that life, nothing can finish. puKan end
to. 'that Ufe. That Ufe is eternal and
infinite.
We say. for Instance, that a person con
sists of body, senses and the mind. Wa
do not speak of the ego and the ioul—
they are high terms. We say, practically
and materially, body and mind and
¦enaes. Now, death comes over the body.
Death is material. Mind and senses be
ing abstract something, spiritual some
thing—In its literal sense being Just like a
npirlt-^cannot end. as body ends, in death;
cannot have death— mind and senses. They
are abstract something. Abstract things
cannot die; only material things die. And
mind and senses being abstract, they*
transmigrate from the body to another.
All the senses and the mind. Mind Is the
ruler of the senses; and when they de
part, they go with some treasure. That
means some impression that we have ob
tained In this life. Boma philosophers will
explain that mind and senses are nothing
but a collection of those Impressions sim
ply; and those impressions transmigrate
and they go into another new body that
will act out its temperament. Its impres
sions. But all theories are simply general
or individual, in some respects. To me
some laws may be applicable; to others,
some other laws. So, If I do some great
things, some very high things. I may not
coma back to earth as a human penon.
but go to a higher plane, higher world,
such as heaven; or some planet, higher
planet than earth; or I may come to be
born again as a man; or I may go to a
lower animal kingdom. If we give rise to
some satvie qualities in ourselves— satvio
qualities, meaning; righteous, virtuous
things— and if In that period wa die, we
will go to a higher plane. And if we die
while in our rahaa quality— rahas meaning
activity, active quality— then we may
come back again as men; and if we die
In tha state of tamas. or when the dark
qualities, the sinful things predominate,
then we go to lower animals.
There are many, several kinds of deaths
and from these kinds of death we may
gat glimpses to what kingdom, to what
region, tha departed soul may go. If
some persons die in bed, they have a good
chance; but dying at night, they have not
B o good a chance. And then some persons
who die during the northern solstice
then they go to the higher plane; and dur
ing the southern, to the lower, etc. It
has some reference to the time, also.
Owing to some Karma we may die In the
night, or unfavorable time; but owing' to
other Karma, which is higher, I may
supersede that law.
Tha idea of the absolute God In Ve
dantlsm is expressed in three little words
— Sat. Chit and Ananda. Bat means abso
lute existence; Chit means absolute Intel
ligence, and Ananda means absolute bliss.
Bo the absolute God means the absolute
existence of one blissful/ intelligence.
Everything on tha face of tha earth is es
sentially nothing but an absolute exist
ence. Apparently we see a variety of
things; essentially there is no variety, but
only unity in everything.
Vedantlsm teaches that as a matter of
fact we are divine, and not mortal. Mat
ter may be mortal In a limited sense, but
spirit can never be so. It Is always unlim
ited—that Is to say. infinite— and absolute.
If we try to know the real essence and
the meaning of our existence by our splr.
ltual culture we can understand that we
are all eternal and ona. Our bodies may
parish, but our souls can never perish.
When such forms as body and the other
external things of this world cease to
exist as such, the eternal essence meets
us with tha all-pervading and ever-exist
ing substance. Vedantlsm says that
"Mother" Bickerdyke's Cow Review
into a germ, from, which again all tha
phases of evolution will corns. It U by
nature that we have become- involved,
and it Is by the sania nature that we wUl
go back to the causa. Now. gotag bao3i
to tha cause is not a bad thins*. Do not
think that li retrogression. That maaaa
going to Brahman, going to, and becom
ing mixed up with tha absolute. F"rom thm
absolute we have coma and to the abso
lute we will go. When we come from the
absolute we say we are evolved by tha
laws of nature; and when wa say we go
back to the absolute the higher sTi^nfWa
may say we are going to be Involved
again Into the same primary causa.
i-H-i-H-i-M 1 1 : 1 1 1 ; h-m-h m-#
cannot see that we- are gods, that we ara
divine powers; but w* should not d«ny
that, wa should not neglect that. When
some philosophers and sage*) gay so, w»
may take that theory for granted, and w
may continue some practice as they pre
scribe. And if we go through that prao
tlce, that training, then w» may arrtva at
some stage, some state of the mtnd, wXv*
w» can know everything and. r«i at las*
realize fully th** •»• are divinities.
Nature L*a two phases of eharaotssv
one evolved nature and tha other In
volved. In a more scientiflo way, yoa wUl
understand If I call It evolution and la
volution; evolution, meaning expression,
and involution meaning destruction. Na
ture' by th» ona phasa of charaatar ax
presses everything on tha fac* of tha
earth or in this universe. Owlnx to tha
existence of the laws of natur* w* hat*
come up from the lowest animal to tha
human nature. We have grown 09 by
means of tha law of nature, wnloa la
called the law of evolution. First, t&a
scientists will tell you, tha Ufa germ la ia
the form of a mineral, than a ragatabla,
then animal, then afterward. In tha form
of a man. It finds its highest expression
In man. Tha Ufa germ becomes very wall
expressed in man. You do not find in a
beast the kind affection, tha human Qual
ities. Why don't you find them la a
beast? Because tha germ Is not yet ax
pressed very well. It will afterward be
very well expressed when that Ufa gsrav
will coma to bo in tha form of a man, In
every man. even, it Is not very well ex
pressed. A man can be a beast in human
form. You will not find tha human qual
ification very weU expressed in that beast
ly man. When will It be expressed?
When that man becomes a little more
moral. You will find the very Uf» gana
which you previously found in a mineral,
in a vegetable, in a beast, moro fully ex
pressed in an ethical, moral Ufe germ.
In that moral man. even, you will not find
It fully expressed yet. When that moral
man will become spiritual, you will find
a little more expressed tha very Ufa germ
which you have previously found in tha
lowest form of beast. Now. in tha spir
itual man, even, it Is not found in Its
perfection. When that spiritual man rises
high above everything, every relative
idea; when that spiritual man become*
a god; when humanity Is transformed
into divinity Itself, then you will find that
germ in perfection. This is tha law of
nature, the law of evolution. This Is ona
phase of character in natur*.
There is another phase of character t*
be observed in nature. That is involu
tion, going backward; mm a seed grows t«
a tree and again that tree becomes In
volved in the seed that Is produced by
that same tree. That seed is called thai
involution .of tha future tree, a tutor*
tree being involved tn that seed. Nov,
when a man becomes divlna. become*
God, that same principle will again cocoa
after a good many cycles, to be formad
where there are more things tnan ons.
then there is misery. The highest aim of
man and of every being is happiness. And
the real -happiness lies In the, realization
of one universal thins. In this way Ve
dantism teaches that every man, from
any position, can rise to godhead.
As a last word: Vedanta Is a system
that embraces, that Includes, all kinds of
thought, of sect, of religion, of philoso
phy, of anything and everything; all
kinds, whether they be materialistic or
spiritual. So the Vedantlsts say only, b«
simply a little thoughtful. Think over
things, think over affairs; think ovsr
things that you see, that you d*
and that will lead you to your goal, ta
your salvation, by way of natural pro
cess. Be sincere and thoughtful. Do not
be deluded, do not bo Irrational. W* can
not see our eternal life before ns; w«
The next higher theory is the theory of
thought, transmitting thought. When w«
think, suppose we think of % somethina
very intensely that may happen, and
afterward we ilnd that does .happen^
and we come to understand that It Is nog
Ing— nothing because.it was the produo*
tion of the body. When the tree dies : it
dies In every way, nothing remaining; and
bo when the body dies there is no life
afterward. . ¦¦ • ; • •.',.¦
Girl Wife Captive to the Sioux
• 1 ¦ : .
3uie tiling in this sense. If we take
heaveti as a relative thing, then we may
*neaJ£ < f fjoh a place as hell. But if
l.^v^n is Fpcken of as eternal (as some
Ch'i.llnn^ sneak of lt>, then we cannot
give ris-e to such an expression as etrrnal
lieil. Whatever Is eternal is infinite.
Whatever is infinite cannot be but one.
And where there is no more than one.
there cannot exist relative things. If
there is the father, there must be the rel
ative- tiling— the son; where there is birth,
there must be the relative thing— death.
In this cense, where there is heaven
thete must be hell. But if heaven is
LternaJ and infinite, there cannot be an
other thir-g at the game time and the
sa.n:c place that is eternal and infinite.
And fn this tense we cannot have hell.
This :s ore ct the early Ideas we get from
the Vtdas.
The Vedas are divided into several po>
t'ons. The last and best portion is called
Vcdanta. I^ater on, a high philosophy or
iginated from the Vedanta, which is njw
known by the name of Vedantitm. In
Vcdantism everything Is a manifestation
i;i tome shape or other of this absolute
God. God Is a universal and all-pervad-
Ins essence. Eve i> thing In this wor'd is
j^t like a tcnipcrnry wave on the great
ocean vt that universal. all-p£rvading
lead sooner or later to this tame place.
As a matter of fact, from a historical
point of view, ail religions that ;are
j»reached by r«»al prophets have emanated
from the sam» grand and essential reli
gion of the Vedas. If God be in every
thing, then man cannot be born a* sin
ner. In Vedantitm man is very near.. God
and in one singl*- life, by spiritual cul
ture, lie can realize practically that he
is nothing but a part of this universal In
telligence. And when -the individual soui
passes off from the body it mixts with
the one universal Intelligence. ~\ ,
There are several theories by which we
can understand that after death we Con
tinue to exist. | . •
The agnostics say that we have simple
physical connection with this world and
when our body, our physical organism,
ends all connection ends. Therefore, ac
cording to the agnostics, thsr^is no such
thins as a future life. - We should eat,
drink and be merry.
From that theory we get the next hlgh
tr theory, th«i theory of the skeptics, or
rather, say the atheists. They say that
from body, from a certain accumulation
of certain things in a peculiar way, is
produced our consdoueness, and we get
our life. That is material production, and
when our body dies there remains hoth-
BY SWflMI TRIGUNATlTfl.
THK Veias is the oldest religion fn
the world,- acknovri edged Buch by
the most eminent linguists of the
day. Ia the Vedas are mentioned
the ftveral stages of the old civil
ization of the xvorld. This literature
tpeaks of the time when there was no
ether country on the face of the globe
known to civilized man eave that part
of Asiatic India was the original
*-»a.t of the very ancler.t forefathers of
t!if present civilized world.
Cireek travelers, passing through Asia
Minor on th^ir war- to their own country,
Bttex*d pom* of the thoughts of the Ve
das 8S they passed through Tibet, and
t'irse thoughts the inhabitants of that
country lmbi!>e<J. Some cages came at
th» Mrth of Christ. Th<~se sages did not
belong to ary particular and bigoted* re
ligion. They bellrved In the absolute ex
tctence of God. and they took their re-
J'pious fa'Ui from the thoughts of the
Vedas. Christ, v, hen he grew up. came
to understand that there was some gr*>at
placp of learning and religious cultur-3
in the far East. This made him come
•over to the rortliern part of India, there
'.«> *tu<3y the Vedas and Imbibe the
'thoughts of tb* Vedas. This part of
Christ's life is unknown to the Christian
iccrld. But it Is true, for only a few
years ago a Russian gentleman discov
ered i:t a big library in Tibet a book in
the Tibetian language containing a part
of the history of ChriEt. Accordtng to
Ui',s book. Christ came to Tibet and India
t<> learn Vedic thoughts und<>r Brahmins,
and there performed much asceticism-
J5"ln the t!m»> of the Vedas civilixation
reached its higheFt point. All men were
s^ppostd to be pTf»tt. and society was
an ideaJ one. Th^re was but one relig
i«"i. arid Ood WiU« nothing but absolute.
I Jeaven «as supposed to be nowhere else
but in the heart of man: or. in other
Swords, there was net a particular place
be takf n as heaven if the meaning of the
¦ttcrd va-s properly understock. If heaven
m*-ans the abode of God. and if God is
omnipresent, thru heaven cannot be a
particular plac<». Any pla<-e is heaven,
i^'jod bcins absolute, every, idea In con
*.<xtio:i Tilth him must be absolute.
t'r-»v#-n mnseaupntly. must be an abso-
tr.ersy. When tLfc waves subside the/
take again their original formi-Wlth the
ocean, ami tbey lose a!', name,, form and
distinction
Vedantlsm never makes any distinction
between this thing and that thirtg.;. We
know thot the different things In i.*^'«
vorld are, but In different degrees «pl
change in their course of evolution.* We
consequently cannot say that tliH inaji li
Blnful and will go to eternal hell;. ot'thit
man <a jmua and will go to • eternal
heaven. " ¦•+*'• ,"' .
Every moment In our Kfe i» but a death.
What Me wre the previous morrienV ve
are ro more now the sam i thin*, but
cj':ite exciter. If yen^ analyze vefy- r-*°p
erly, very closely, you find quite another,
both niO.ira.Uy, physically, sp! rjtuiUly und
every other way. And, if you gd on study
ing that way, after seven years— in every
s«wer>t"i >ear of your life— you will hod u
thorough charge. Even scientists. 'admi:
that. A thorough charge In the course .of
seven years, even in man. So nothing, can
grow all of a sudden, but by a gradual
process.
If you take nature as a personal some
thing, time Is the garment of nature,' the
dress, the robe of nature. Nature puts
on her body the garment of time. Then
her body is space, spread over all thte
universe. All this universe Is ttte-body of
nature and on that body Is the garment
of time. Now the life of nature is -caus
ation. The law of causation is 'the lite
and bcuI of nature! It is by these 'three
factors, time, space and the law -of caus
ation, that the universe is held ia order.
If we get rid of this Idea of time, this
idea of space, this Idea of ¦ the Jaw of
causation, then we are freed altogether.
If we devote all our life and soul to tht.
matter, though we may not be successful
in one life, time Is' eternal before us.
The Vedantists know that everything
is In the course of their evolution. Con
sequently, according to Vedantlsm, there
cannot be one particular religion as an
exclusive path to salvation. All religion.-;
FROM out the Elder East has come
the Swaroi Trigunatita to instil!
into Occidental minds the olden
philosophy of the Vedas and to im
part to ttie materia'-istic West the
thoughts of his preceptor. Sri Ramkri^h
rti. Jn far Calcutta was the Swami bopir
¦ nd in the university there he studied un
til he had arrived at the standard of B.
A. At the age cf IS years ho met Sri
Jiiimkrishna. the great sage, who Is the
m&Fter of the renowned Swami Yiveka
nso'a, and under him for over two years
he learned spiritual practices. Then he
became a Sannj-asln (a monk), and there
after for many years performed asceti
cism?, afterward going forth on travels
to distant lands, in the course of which
he has come to San FrancJsco and is now
delivering lectures promulgating the
mystic lore of the Orient. These lectures
*re being given under the auspices of the
Vedania Society of San Francisco, which
tv as organized three or four years ago by
Fw2irl Vlvekanada. A similar society
hes been In existence in New Tork for
some seven years.
The Vedantlsts believe In one absolute
God; they believe In heaven and hell only
in their relative sense, and not' as • ever
lasting: they think men are not born sin
ner*, but through spiritual culture may
make themselves as tioly and happy as
God himself; they believe in reincarnation
and transmigration; they hold that all re
ligions are but paths leading to one : place,
and they frown on such psychic powers
as mesmerism as hindrances to the
growth of the individual soul. ; '-
It is the opinion of Swaml Trigunatita
that Christianity has come down from the
teachings of the Vedas. In fact._a.ecord
ing to the belief of the Vedantlst all sects
and religions In the world to-day . arc
m*r<>Iy branches of the old religion of the
Hindus.
And of these things has the brown
faced. brigUt-eyed Swaml come to epeak.
Id the yellow gown and turban, of his
priesthood, with the^aoft speech and the
subtle thinking of the Hindu, he is ad
vancing again the old thoughts of- the
Vedas a:id the newer thoughts and ne'wer
wisdom of the modern Vedantlsm. <¦'
In September Mrs. Farmer and., her
daughter, afterward Alice Carey Risley.
took up the work of nursing: the sick and
wounded In their own horn* and In the
hospitals, using their own means until
exhausted, when they war* ; forced - to
draw rations for themselves.
• • • • • • '¦
Mr. Farmer refusing to vote for seces
sion.' was obliged in the- spring ~ Of ~1M2
to seek safety ia New Orleans, . after
whiclL his family were watched and ' not
allowed to send or receive letters. Mrs.
Farmer was charged with being a spy
and Dick Taylor and his men ' threatened
to hang her. One dark night this helpless
woman with her young daughter left their
beautiful home and . were * taken
aboard a steamer some miles ? down
the river and locked in a. state
room by the friendly captain,: who
landed them at Brashear City. Then fol
lowed innumerable perils and hardships.
Three days and nights were spent in a
eklff on the river, while the Confederates
were scouring the country for them, so
that they dared not go ashore for food.
They arrived at New Orleans Juno 20,
1S62. x .-.' : /.-*i
almost frozen, half-clad, and It was uome
time before the surgeon and kind-hearted
ladies at Fort Sully nursed her baek.to
health. Her husband made her a visit
here and the reunion was a Joyful one.
As soon as her health permitted she en
listed as a nurse, serving until the. close
of the war, when her husband took tier
back to Kansas, where he died In 1867. For
her timely information in twice saving the
United States troops and property from
\he Indians Congress by special act gave
Mrs. Kelly $5000, and later President Grant
appointed her a clerk in the Interior De
partment, which she resigned In 18S0 to
marry Captain Fitzhugh Gordon, who
died in 1893.
In 1S49 Mr. and Mrs. Farmer removed
from Ohio to Nauvoo, 111., where they be
came Involved in trouble with | the Mor
mons and Mrs. Farmer molded bullets
with which her husband defended their
home. They then went to New Iberia.
La., Alice Carey, their only child, being
reared on the beautiful Bayou Teche, the
home of Evsngeline. J - 1 v]
"When the war began her three brothers
enlisted with the Kansas volunteers, one
dying in service, and after caring for him
in the hospital where be died the devoted
e'.ster took him home for burial.
When only 16 she married J. S. Kelly of
the Ninth Kansas Volunteers, who served
on the staffs of General Blunt and Gen
eral Jim Lane. His health being impaired
In the service, In May, 1S64, they started
acroes the plains In search of health, but
In July tfceir train was captured tsy the
EBeux Indians and all the women and chil
dren, including a little niece of Mrs. Kel
ly, »cre murdered. She was taken pris
oner and held for ten months, enduring
the most terrible suffering. Her husband,
wbo escaped, hearing of her capture, was
indefatigable In his efforts to rescue her,
and the United States troops made every
effort in her behalf. Orders from Presi
dent Lincoln to effect her rescue at any
price reached the command st Fort Sully
at the same time that a note from Mrs.
Kelly, sent by a. friendly Indian, informed
them, that it was the intention of the In
dians to convey her to the fort, and when
It opened to receive her rush In and over,
power the garrison. Owing to her timely
warning, however, the Indians were al
lowed to enter the ladosure to find them
selves prisoners.
Mrs. Kelly was in' a pitiable condition,
Fannie TVlggena, when a child of 19
years of age, went with her family from
Canada to Kansas, her father dying on
the way.
many and varied reunions of old
veterans of the heroism and self-sacrifice
ct' the women during the most trying
days of the great rebellion— stories the
like of which have never emanated from
tny.war before or since. Here are some
of them:
OJJE of the most remarkable fea
tures of the G. A. R. Encampment
In San Francisco during the past
week are the stories told at the
THE SUNDAY CALL;
•imply the feody that lives, net simply the
effect of accumulation or , combination | of
raatsrial .thing* that lives, but something
els*— It . Is thought, : mind, _, higher aome
tiiing, that knows something of the fu
ture., that can understand, that can think.
But that theory, 'also, cannot bteatli-
fled wltli the answer; and the next theory
comes as a healing our*. - If we : love some
person , very intansaly . we > can ; send our
thought; we can read thought even from
a distance. , Love means sharpening lonw
instrument /that I* within ,us— eharpenlns;
the power of • tha sain4. v keA *b« n our
all ¦ scienoe. -, We -. take ' semetfelaa* , tor
granted; and those postulate* and axioms
art nothing; but faiths, and those faiths,
although" they 'are) very simple, do not go
for nothing. We find ' thay have much
truth : la ; themselves, } and ¦> afterward,
when we art advancing: In hlf her rasaa.
SWAMI TRIGUNATITA.
= He Is Come to Teach tHe Mystic - Lore of tHe Orient.
- ' • s"* ¦ .- • Photo by Stanford Studio. •
14
PHILOSOPHY OF THE VEDAR
ATVP-pntTTgTrM KNTR.
DR. CHARLES FLESH FOOD
For the Form and Complexion.
Has been*~«nnns—
fu!ly used bjr l ** d -
/ZMlS* **^# leg actresses. «iaj-
fjffy ti vB% «rs and womta of
r *£? •* 'Wy fashion for more
r«3f •-» r than 23 years.
VC ZjL ft Wherever «.pptl»d It
*3 f / is Instantly absorbed
D ik through tha pores ec
y ) 1 tha skin, and Its
j& t won4crfal nutrition
jS V feeds toe wasting
/ tlssuea,
•3*7/vLw • . A« If by mafia, oaa
r '*irj!?l-~- \ »i application oMia
*IirTjyv JrA' showlns; a remark-
I*ei<r(>2rl7- able ImpiamuwBt.
DR. CHARLES FLESH FOOD Is poatUrsiy
the only preparation known to medical reitnea
that win round out hollows to tha neck ud
£odu£ T flrmT^healthy flesh on thia ducks,
70S DSVSLOFDIO 7HB BUST?
nr breasts shrunken from nursing It has toe
h'ehest indorsement of physicians. Two boxae
art often •utficlmt to maka Um bait firm,
iTres and beautiful. •
SOLD BT THE EMPORIUM AND OTHER
DEPARTMENT STORES AND DRUGGISTS.
Regular price. Sl.OO a box, but to an whi
/take VdvanUS* of this SPECIAL OFFER aa4
/¦end us one dollar wa will send two CD boxes,
S« r»*Jn wrapper.
Fnpc — A sample box and ear beak.
KDC "ART OF MASSAGE." faUruI
lostrated. will be sent free to any lady aeattta*
10 cents to pay for cost of mailing. Address
ra. emus co, u ?&* pia* kit t«*.SOMETHING ABSOLUTELY NEW FOR 50 SPECIAL PRIZES
artistically as yea can make It, All La the coupoa with ysur solution
of the Patry Biddle, your sum sad address sad the prfjw you dasir*— 41
you wia-*nd ssad the picture, with the coup** attached, ta the KD
ITOB Or THJB AUIMAL FABLX3 AND ZfUJXLB PASS, ftumdsg OtU,
Baa Francisco, OaL
To the JTRJBT 1XFTT who not only solve th» Fairy Biddle cor
rectly and and all the object* enumerated la th» riddle, bat whose pic
tures an the VOST ABTIITICALLY COLOBED, one of these Fifty,
prizes will be awarded. Bemember, old and young may compete, but
ALL ANS WEBS MUST SBAOE THH O77ZOB SSFOSB PBIDAY.
NOON. V , *
TEDS NAMES 07 THE LUCKY WUMUJBiM WZZiL S3 PUB
LISHED IN TB3 SUNDAY CALL TWO WJSJ&KS 7B0K TO-DAY,
September 6. . !
FOLLOW TBM BX7I28 OB YOU WILL BE DEBABBS3X
Those who won prizes la the Third Fairy Biddle, published oa
August 9, will Had their names printed below.
*=!?=» BIS 18 THE LIST OF PRISES FROM WHIOH YOU HAT CHOOSB
IF YOU WIN t "Prlaecu »t <fe« Mmmr,** by E. Marlltti «*Tsio Qoldem
II C«ay« » by O. A. H«tri M A«T«mraref Cm thm Troplea, 1 * sir Fr««w
'.** Ick Gentacktri «Tko Spy," hy J. Fen t more Cooper i "Cnlldrem #f
the Abbey," by R«r>na Marls R*«laei "The Giraffe Hnaters," by Cm>
taln M ayne Reid i "Water Babies," by Charles Klastleyi "By Skee*
Plnclt," a tale of the Asaaatt War, %r a, A. Hentyi "Tom Browa at
Oxford,** by Ta«saaa Hacaeat "FsUf, s Sew-Fuhloaed Maid," by L. T.
Meadei «Tk« Deenlarer," »y J. Fealxaoro Cooper I »JwU»s»fM,» by
Jnllana Horatio Ewlng i "Butlig la tkm Great West," by O. O. Shields i
"Tb« Karl ftneea." by Kataly rmn Esehstrnlli "Flower Fables,"
by Lonlsa May Alcottj "Tom Browa's School Days," by Tfcomaa Hasbeai
-AdTtaUrci ia Cmbs," by F« I~ OtwtUi "Qjseeale'a Whim," by R*«*
K. Carey* "The Lntauck," by Oaptala BXayae Zleldi "Tb* PstUm««
er." by J. Fealmore Cooper.
Fernkof. Oakland, "The Giraffe Hunters"; B. Yount. 73 Hartford street. San Francisco, "The Golden Can
yon"; Elsa Putzman, 1513 Oak street, Alameda, "Flower Fables"; I* B. Anthony, Orovtlie, "Jacka
napes".; Mary Edwards, Gilroy, "Adventures In the Tropics"; Minnie House, San Joss, "The Lone Ranch";
Oscar Schwendt, Selma, "Hunting In the Great West"; Dora Brink, Lakeport, "Flower Fables"; Earlo
Richardson. Redding. "The Golden Canyon": Will Lucase, Redding, "The Golden Canyon"; Doris Aden,
Vallejo. "Queenle's Whim"; Echo Benjamin, Rose Park, "The Golden Canyon"; Leonard Coombs. Agnew.
"Tom Brown at Oxford"; Eddie Garner, 149 Belvedere street, San Francisco, "Queenle's Whim"; Clint Har
vey, Redding, ."The Giraffe Hunters"; Edith Buslich, Alameda, "A New-Faahlaned Maid"; Florence Col
lln, 31* North Will ard street, San Francisco, "The Lone Ranch"; Jim N orris, 1097 LearenweTth street, San
Francisco, "Adventures In the Tropics"; Lafe Readhead. 2919 Laguna street, Ban Francisco. "Adventures
In the Tropics"; Knox Lofland. East Auburn, "Princess of the Moor"; Hortens* Hughes, Flame, "A New-
Fashioned Maid"; Henry Alves, 825 Hampton street. San Francisco, "Tom Brown's School Days"; Eaxle
Myers, 1334 Washington street, San Francisco, "Adventures In the Tropics"; R. Ruff, 425 Bryant street,
San Francisco, "Children of the Abbey"; T. Largente, 2401 Post street, San Francisco, "A Now-Fashioned
Maid." ¦ ' ; . ¦ ¦ ' ' ' v- - :V
Violet March, Stockton, "A New-Fashioned Maid"; "Frieda, Klein, 1507 Jackson street, Baa Francisco,
"Children of the Abbey"; William Raymond, Sacramento, "By Sheer Pluck"; Harold Jacobs, 624 Pott
street San Francisco. "Adventures In the Tropics"; Zelda Wilbur, 521 Hill street. San Francisco, "Queenle's
Whim"; D. Wilkens, 203 Clara street, San Francisco, "Adventures in the Tropics": Leon Cameron, 331 ,De
visadero street, San Francisco, "Adventures In the Tropics"; Josle Galllgan. 261 Seventh street, Ban Fran
cisco "The Deerslayer"; Stella Berry, San Leandro, "Jackanapes"; Genevleve Bradley, Vlsalia, "Prin
cess 'of the Moor": Vivian Martin, Fresno. "Tom Brown's School Days'*; Anna Farel, Sunnyslde, "The
Lone Ranch": Cora Otis. 2522 Pacific avenue, San Francisco, "A New-Fashtened Maid"; Herman Wood,
Eelma, "The Golden Canyon"; Eleuenca Parry. San Leandro, "A New-Fashioned Maid"; Harry Asher. 524
Post street Ban Francisco. "The Golden Canyon": Ed Adair, Alameda, "Children of the. Abbey"; O.
Echellborn, Redding. "The Lone Ranch"; George Heermance, 424 Clementina street, San Francisco, t "Ad.
Tentures in Cuba": Ludle Mosher, Berkeley, "The Golden Canyon"; Irene Woods, Oakland, "The Golden
Canyon"- Antoinette- Kossak. GeyservIUe. "Hunting In the Great West": J. Underhlll. San Mateoi VThe
I^ese Ranch"; Clarisse Brune. Oakland, "Flower Fables"; Leila Prince, Escalon t "The Lone Ranch"; Bert
S~y 2XLDBEN, WATCH FOB BOKCETHING UXW AND STAHTIilNQ
I f ON THIS PAGE NEXT SUNDAY. IT WILL ATlTAZE AND DE-
Wj LIGHT YOU.
\£ & 1 the meantime, what do 70a t™"* of this little tire-line
Jingle?
"ARMOR CLAD, LIKE YE OLDEN KNIGHT,
I'LL PINCH YOUB TOES WITH ALL MY MIGHT."
Now you surely ought to be able to guess what that is. The an
swer is illustrated in half a dozen places in that picture. Guess, now.
Why, of course, in a picture- at the seashore what else could the answer
be? It is Just possible, however, that many of you have seen this ob
ject and forgotten all about It If there are any such there is a little
game, "The Poultry Yard," at the top of this page, which will help to
sharpen your wits. Try it. It is heaps of fun.
Of course, it is barely possible that, even after all the fore
going suggestions, you haven't made the discovery for yourself
before reading this far, but if you will look closely you will find
the answer to this riddle hidden in half a dozen places in the
picture. You know you must find them all and mark each of them
in pencil or ink, as well as solve the riddle and paint up the whole
picture if you want one of those exceedingly fascinating books, enumer
ated in the list below. So now go to work if you want to have plenty
of fun, frolic and rich reward.
And now listen carefully. This is what you must do to win one of
those IIFTY PBIZES: After solving the Fairy Biddle* printed in big
letters at the top of the picture below, find all the objects the answer
to the riddle represents, outline each is pencil or ink* and then' 'color
with paints, inks, water colors or crayons the whole Paint Picture as
Here Are the Lucky Fifty Prize v Winners in the '<Long Legs, Crooked Thighs'^ Riddle Published August 9.
THE SUNDAY CALL.
THE POULTRY YARD is a jolly game, something like "This Is the House That Jack Built," but a eood deal more amusing. 'Any number of players can take part in it
The leader reauests'the players to be seated in a row. all facing one way, and then stands in front of them. He begins the game by •aying-v^y:
These words must be repeated by the players in turn. Then the leader says: ; *
The players also repeat this, as they «'t all the sentences that follow. Any player that misses a word, or" misplaces one, must pay a forfeit, and it may also be required that they should
all speak with a grave face, a smile or a laugh subjecting the offender to the payment of a forfeit As it is well nigh impossible to go through the game without plenty of laughter, xt is likely
that there will be a goodly number of forfeits before it is ended. Here are the other sentences spoken by the leader: - v
"Three wild Reese, two -ducks and a good fat hen." . : , \ . ' \ - .. ; . V:
"Four plump partridges, three wild geese, two ducks and a* good fat hen." ; „ ' . - Nc
"Five pouting pigeons, four plump partridges, three wild geese, two ducks and a good fat hen. -¦¦¦ , •,
"Six long-legged cranes, five pouting pigeons, four plump partridges, three wild geese, two ducks and a good fat hen."
"Seven green parrots, six long-legged cranes,, five poutinjr pigeons, four plump partridges, three .wild geese, two ducks and a good fat hen- • '• / t. »
"Eight screeching owls, seven green parrots, 'six long-legged cranes, . five pouting pigeons, four plump partridges, three wild geese, two ducks and a good fat hen. ... »
"Nine turkey buzzards, eight screeching owls, seven green parrots, six long-legged cranes, five pouting pigeons, four plump partridges, three, wild geese, two ducks and a good fat nen,
The list may be cut short or increased to suit the wishes of the players. . . .¦'¦'.
When the game is over the forfeits are paid, and this may be done\by the leader, ordering the players to do all sorts of amusing thing*. - ....
15
OUR FAIRY RIDDLES AND
PAINT PICTURES
TO TEB EDITOB v^,'V -
ATrrivrAy^ FABLES
AND PUZZLE PAG*
August 23/ 1903.". 1*
Name .........*.....,.
Street or P. O ..*...>...
City
State
My solution of this '¦ week's
Fairy Biddle is .....»...¦¦«
If I win I choose for prise
- (8«* Zist of Prises.)BZI.O W is given ths list of parts*
winners in the puzzle contest
of August 0. This was the
Twelfth Set— the Names of Mother
Goose Characters — in the Fourth
Series of Name Puzzles, begun on
May 24. 8eo if you are one of ths
lucky forty wLonexs:
Grace MUf card, ¦4t"** < f**T», ¦m-imtij
desk; Dell A miff, XTkish, beauty pla*j
Gladys CBri«a» Oakland, ping posi^T
set; Lena' Rahmstorf, Byron, sllveai
bracelet; Babe Taggart, Stockton,
doll) Jessie Ross, Healdsburg, wrist
purse; Mae Benson, Fuyallup, Waab^
piny pong set; Alleea Bill, 610 Pag*
street, San Francisco, nail fllsj Flo**
ence Engelbright, . Oakland, ptng
pong set; Gertrude Macdcmald, 1104
Treat avenue, San Prundaoo, wrist
purse; Jjaura THTik, 71O Brodsridi
street, San Francisco, beauty pins]
Edith Demartini, Angels Campi,
silver bracelet; Mazy Keys, Oakland*
tennis racquet; Edna- Calburn,
Bloomfleld, writing desk; Zstall*
Phillips, Sacramento, wrist purso|
Ethel Homer, Z>os Angeles, alive*
bracelet; Viola Duran, 415 Franklin
street, San Francisco, doll; Effla Mo-
Callum, 75 Hardy street, San Fran
cisco, beauty pins; Susie Wilson, 103
Clay street, San Fran dice, nail file;
Edna Collyer, Oakland, tennis
racquet; Bert Chamberlain, Uklah,
fishing line; Robert Xrueger, 625
2Usslon street, San Francisco, ping:
pong set; W. R." Service, Ceres, ping
pong set; Clarence Dow, Lodi, catch
er's mitt; Stanley Huber, Sacramento,
baseball; John Stromby, mount
Eden, ping pong set; Norman Arter,
Mill Valley, catcher's mitt; F. Not
tage, Oakland, catcher's mitt; Harry
Nurnberger, Sacramento, silver stick
pin; Harry Blatchly, 1001 Pina
street, San Francisco, bathing suit;
Will Bryan, 2S30 Sacramento street,
San Francisco, baseball; Willie Wil
son, 403 Oak street, San Francisco,
catcher's mitt; Harold Swanton, 443
Castro street, San Francisco, tennis
racquet; Will O'Brien, 013 Minnesota
street, San Francisco, -writing desk;
Gilbert Simpson, Berkeley, bathing
suit; H. Bowman, Laurel, bathing
suit; Theo Malmgren, 2O19 Oak
street, San Francisco, ping pong set;
Charles Hopps, Alameda, naval war
game; Irving Brown, Sacramento,
stamp album; Henry Breck, Oakland,
writing: desk.
winner *n
Contest Q?
THE SUNDAY OAIiIi.
r-vHILDBJEN: WATCH FOB. SOMETHTMQ NEW AND STABTUHTt ON THIS FAQS SZZZ
[ / SUNDAY! NEW PHIZES— BEST OP AT.Ti.
j£ In the meantime—all those who did not win prizes in the Fourth Sarias, which closed last
Sunday — ATTENTION! This Sunday is your chance, absolutely and exclusively. It is a SPECIAL
CONSOLATION CONTEST for the FIFTY SPECIAL PHIZES enumerated In that fine list of books at
the bottom of this column; and it is OPEN ONLY TO THOSE WHO DID NOT WIN PS.IZE3 IN ANT
OF THE THIRTEEN CONTESTS OF THE FOURTH SERIES. Remember that, children— none of thoM
who have won prizes before will be permitted: to compete in this consolation contest. And let at.t.
WHO DID WIN PRIZES keep a sharp lookout for the names of the lucky winners of those SPECIAL
$5 and $10 prizes for the highest percentage of the whole thirteen weeks. Those two names will b«
published very soon now.
And now what do you think of the ten pictures published on this page? They represent ths
names of what is used in operating a railroad. Do they look particularly difficult? Well, they art not
No. 1, for instance, represents a BOLT. Wasn't that easy? Now what are the others?
. Bememlier, each of the ten pictures in this, the Consolation Contest of the FOURTH SERIES of
the Sunday Call's great puzzle contests, represents what is used in operating a railroad. Can you guess
themP Try and see; if you are successful — well, read the list below for the rich reward that will come
to you. *^ : " .
REMEMBER— You may send in as many answers in your name as you wish, provided only that
you have a coupon to accompany each answer, and— REMEHSER— there is no age limit and young and
fold may compete.
THE NAMES OF TES LUCKY WINNERS, WILL BE PUBLISHED IN THE SUNDAY CALL
TWO WEEKS FROM TO-DAY, September 6.
Now here are the important points for you to remember: The First Forty Boys and Girls who
tend in correct solutions to these ten pictures , before noon next Friday will win a prize. Don't
forget that point, because it is very important. ALL ANSWERS MUST REACH THIS OFFICE BY
FRIDAY NOON. ¦ This gives all those in the country an equal chance' to compete. Bead everything oa
¦ this page, to be sure that you overlook nothing that will help you to win a prize.
This is what you must do to win one of those forty prizes: Find the name of something that is
\ used in operating a railroad represented in each of the ten puzzle pictures and write it out in full In the
space^opposite the proper corresponding number provided for the purpose in the coupon on this .nags as
' per its directions; fill in your name and address and the prize you desire — if you win— and mail the cou
v.p'on to the Puzzle Editor, Sunday Call, San Francisco.
. - „ FOLLOW THE RULES OR YOU WILL BE DEBARRED.
These are the TWENTY-FIVE NEW PRIZES from which you may .'elect if you solve all the
puzzles correctly: Fishing rod, knapsack, belt buckle, pocket-knife, boy's nickel chain, wrist purse, fish
ing line; hook and sinkers; Bathing suit (for boys not over 14 years old), tennis racquet, catcher's
: baseball ¦xnitt," ping; pong set, baseball, letter seal, postage-stamp album, set silver beauty pins, baseball
mask, naval war game, silver bracelet, gold-filled horseshoe brooch, silver stickpin, silver hatpin,
wooden writing desk, nail-file, hair comb, dolL ' \'\
* Those who won prizes in the Twelfth Set— the Names of Mother Goose Characters — published la
the Sunday Call of August 9, will find their names in the announcement printed in another column.
fh'ese P'CtfcPeS-.Repi^'SenVWhat Ts Used in Op^atTriS
\ a RarT>-oad—- C^n Y olj GUgss The?P
- and yjir\ a Prfs$? ••"... .
16
OUR NAME PUZZLES
Solve the Puzzles,
Fill Cut the Coupon
and Send It to
the Fuzzle Editor,
Sunday Call, S.F,
r* £tuzl« Editor, Sunday Call,
San Fraadsooj
Below in their pxopez num-
ber* please find xay solstioa of
the r""« of an article used In
operating a railroad represented
In t>»<t week'a suas pussies:
1 ¦»«¦««¦««•»¦¦¦¦¦»»» nil »¦¦» —
• - •». i «—
e ...mm.......u.
• f» «• «<L*« »»»J C««J> •*«•«»»•«••«
8 » •...,,.. JLfc . *.
• —•«••« *JUI* tU«.M(<« )llitiu M
10 .^....
August 83, 1003.
Same ».....•¦•••.•••«••••••••••
8 Licet or Jr. O. •#•«•>•»••<¦••*•«
v-lty ...IUM*M»>M»M«
State m nxttt-r «>*!•> i-"-ri -rff-
If X win Z choose for prize
_. »
Om ti*t «f Ptls«.>Sunday Call Comic SectionTHE SUN DAY' C AIi UTHE SUNDAY CAI^L.THE SUNDAY CALL.SAN FKANCISCO, SUNDAY, AUGUST J 23, 1903— FORTY -EIGHT PAGES.
VOLUME XCIV— NO. S4.
Boats. , .'Start. Turn. Finish. Elapsed Time.
RELIANCE :.............;....... ii:45-2i v i-55-io ¦3-*7-& 3-32.17
SHAMROCK III.. ......; 11:45 • I 7> i .5^.30 3.26.34- 3-41-iZ
Continued on Page 24, Column 1.
Continued on Page 24, Column 5.
The nautical sharps, who had already
made up their minds on Thursday that
the Reliance could take the measure of
the challenger in any kind of weather,
regard to-day's test as conclusive, al
though they hardly anticipated sb over
whelming a victory. The race even dam
pened the ardor of Sir Thomas, who in
sisted after Thursday's fluke that his con
fidence in the beautiful craft designed by
Fife was greater than'ever. Still, like a
true sportsman, he does not acknowledge
EXPERTS ARE SURPRISED.
day beat the Shamrock III in
commanding style by exactly, nine min
utes, actual time, or seven minutes three
seconds after deducting: the one minute
fifty-seven seconds which the defender
concedes to Sir Thomas .Llpton's third
challenger on account of Reliance's larg
er sailing plan as. at present measured.
It was a royal water fight for the an
cient trophy, which carries with it the
yachting supremacy of the world, and by
a strange coincidence. the first victory in
the cup series of 1903 occurred on the fif
ty-second anniversary of the day on
which the old schooner America capture'd
it in her famous race around the .Isle of
Wight. The Reliance beat the British
boat three minutes . twenty-four seconds
in the thresh to windward and five min
utes thirty-six seconds in the run down
the wind. . '"'??'?•,
y* Y EW YORK, , Aug. 22.— In a
/«. / splendid twelve to fifteen knot
/ t^/. breeze' over a windward and
/ leeward course of .thirty miles
A. » the gallant sloop Reliance' to-
The size of the, enormous excursion fleet
and-, the number, of sightseers aboard, in
the; estimation of those who" have* wit
nessed many -contests, made a record for
The racing conditions to-day were ideal.
A:. thin haze, hung over the Jersey coast,
obstructing the .'view of the spectators
gathered there,- but out on the ocean race
course the sea was flooded with sunshine
from a vault • of fleckless blue. A long
ocean * swell heaved . up from the south
and •< a >* twelve-knot breeze, fresh and
strengthening,' blew out of the southwest,
throwing' up; fleeting whltecaps on the
sparkling ocean. The marine picture was
superb- ...,-;< ../...« __„.„,' .tv'
BREEZE FOB RACING.
It must be conceded, however, that the
Shamrock showed herself a wonderful
boat in beating to the windward, perhaps
the ablest craft in this respect ever sent
across. the western ocean on a cup hunt
ing expedition. For twelve miles tho
great singlo stickers raced like a team of
horses and during that portion of the duel
the patriots made no attempt to conceal
their nervousness.
The single criticism he. and his friends
make of to-day's race is that the only
shift of the wind which occurred was to
the , advantage of the defender. As this
shift of the 'Wind occurred on the wind
ward-beat, even* granting that it ac
counted for the Reliance's • lead at the
turn, thVtirhethe defender gained on the
home- run was more than ample to have
given her the race.
defeat and hopes for better luck next
time. " . ' . . •;
The tramp who was killed was assist
ing the fireman at the engine. His skull
was fractured by a rod on the engine.
Many of the injured were taken to Dr.
S&. C. Kennicotfs hospital, where physi
cians from Olympia, Tacoma, Centralia
and other points care for them. There
was a great scarcity of bandages and
women tore oft their skirts for bandages.
Probably one of the most seriously in
jured Is Mrs. C B. Brown, the wife of a
Portland dentist, whose hand was torn
completely off and was fdund in the
wreckage. Her left arm was amputated
a?.d her right arm broken. She is In a
serious condition to-night.
Engineer Green's Injuries are mainly
in the back, though he sustained a ter
rible blow on the head. Green said:
"I don't know what was the cause of
the accident. The engine had been steam
ing badly all morning and the injector
•was not working right. When the acci
ocjit occurred I had let her out and we
* ere going at a good clip, probably thirty
The injured: A. D. McDonald, Glencoes
Station, head cut; E. Quimby, Portland,
leg broken and head cut; Dr. H. R. Little
field, Portland, slightly injured; H. B.
Stout, Portland, back hurt; Franzin,
Portland, head cut, badly hurt; Mrs. C.
13. Brown, Portland, left arm cut off, seri
ously hurt; Will Harris, Portland, slight
ly hurt; Charles Oberg, Portland, injured
internally; Edward Sterling, Portland,
back hurt; J. Kahn. Portland, slightly in
jured; Leo Dosky, fireman, cut on Head;
William Gre«n, engineer, back hurt;
Charles Harr. Portland, slightly Injured;
— Walker, conductor, head and face
bruised; Charles Farland, Portland, head
cut, hurt Internally; Gua Kratz, Port
land, badly injured; C. F. Frank, Pcrt
;«.nd, cut on head, hurt Internally; W.
Reidt, Portland, bruised badly; O. W.
Perdue, Vancouver, ribs and shoulder
broken; Tillle Cornelius, Portland,
bruised, ebouider broken; A. J. Mc-
Daniels, Portland, badly bruised; George
J. Blodgett. Portland, leg broken, head
hurt; Dr. C. W. Cornelius. Portland, seri
ously hurt; Dr. Hickey. arm broken; D.
J. Caswell, Portland, seriously Injured;
Walter Edmunds, Portland, head bruised;
Guy Carter, Portland, leg broken, head
bruised; Mrs. Harr, Portland, head hurt;
John Rudy, bead and face bruised; Otto
Winf elder. Portland, ribs broken, hurt ln
teixally; William H. Souls, Portland. left
arm broken; Thurston H. Daniels. Port
land, arm broken.
Nearly every passenger In the first
coach was Injured, most of them having
their legs or arms broken. Those who es
caped injury started in to assist the in
jured and to pull them from the wreck.
Several doctors were on the train and
T.lthin a short time they were binding
wounds or setting broken limbs.
A messenger hurried to Chehalis with the
news and a train of flat cars was sent
to the scene of the wreck to bear the in
jured to the hospital here. Every phy
elcian in Chehalis and Centralia hurried
to the wreck and a special train was sent
from Tacorna with doctors and nurses.
Most cf the Injured being from Portland
¦were" sent there on the special hospital
train or by the regular trains which
passed through. The killed:
CHARLES FARLEMAX, £32 Yamhill
etreet. Portland, Or.
TRAMP, name unknown.
Mr-.g at a good rate of speed, when the
rails spread, throwing the engine down
an embankment forty feet. Three coaches
piled on top of the engine and to add
horror to the scene the boiler of the en-
K'-ne exploded, throwing scalding water
and steam for several yards around. The
fourth, Otth and sixth coaches left the
track, but only the front end of the fourth
cat rrent over the bank. The seventh
< ar is the only one that did not leave the
rails.
CHEHALIS, Wash.. Aug. 22.— An ex
cursion train on the Northern Pacific,
consisting of an engine and seven coaches,
en route to the Elks' clam bake at Olym
pia was wrecked about 11 o'clock this
raorningr. two miies south of h«re. Two
people were killed, four fatally injured
and about thirty seriously injured.
The train left Portland at 7:30 this
morning and every car was crowded with
prominent Elks of that City and " their
families and friends. The train was rua-
Nearly Two Score Pleasure
Seekers Are Bruised
and Crippled.
Engine Leaves Rails,
Dragging Coaches
Into Gully. -
GARS PITCH
DOWN STEEP
EMBANKMENT
Two Persons Die
in Wreck Near
Chehalis.
Continued on Page 23, Column' 3.
•QUEENSTOWN, Ireland, Aug; 22.—
There was a disturbance to-night between
British soldiers and some German sailors
belonging' to the corvette Stoch on the
beach here. "During the melee one soldier
and : a : resident of" Queenstown were
stabbed. ,' . . . .. ;.
King > Edward's Soldiers and the
; Kaiser's Sailors Engage in
/a Fight.
BRITISH AND GERMANS
DO BATTLE IN IRELAND
an International cup, race.
The concourse of palatial steam yachts
was the largest ever seen oft Sandy Hook.
As the direction "of the wind would have
carried a windward course from Sandy
Hook lightship into, the. Jersey shore,;" the
committee' was oblisred | to set the \ mark
seven miles' farther out. ' '. This delayed' the
start about forty-flve . minutes , and pre
vented the massing of the excursion .fleet,
as usual, in the form of a great; marine
amphitheater back of the s tartinj? line.
Instead, kept back by the revenue cut
ters, they formeda column of hulls and
stacks extending three miles toward ; the
Jersey shore, the yachts, around the line
completing the- shape of, a fishhook. The
course, southwest, carried the yachts di
rectly into the^eye of the; wind to a point
off Asbury Park.
The honors of the start, as ; . on Thurs-!
day, were captured by the American skip
per.' Captain Wringe" timed ,his 'approach
to the, line with the Shamrock badly- and
in an effort to keep off until the gun
boomed he almost lost his .bowsprit as
he luffed " up , to - cross. ¦ Barr, as • usual,
went over Im the; windward ; ; berth, .¦ four
seconds behind his rival/ , Both were close
hauled on . the'; starboard '¦' tack. - . It ' was
a magnificent 1 sight. as* they? plunged eea-
The records of the Health Department
show! that only thirty-eight deaths of
children under 2 years of age were re
ported last : year, while this year during
the seven and a half months past sev
enty-five deaths of children under 2 years
of age have. been reported. . .¦:.".*.
DENVER, Aug. 22.— The - Health De
partment announced to-day that com
plaints are being prepared against dairy
men who have been distributing milk
treated with poisonous preservatives. It
is alleged that in the last four days nine
teen infants have died in this city from
diseases which can be traced to milk pre
served with formaldehyde. . '
Denver Health Department Is Pre
paring Complaint Against the
."¦ v . Offending Dairymen.
HIGH INFANT DEATH BATE
DUE TO DOCTORED MILK
VIEW OF THE . BIG , CUP
' YACHTS WHICH COMPETED
YESTERDAY.' '
The report from New York that Sham
rock III would have to: be' remeasureVI
caused considerable discussion." In some
quarters I heard " allusions .'*. to Yankee
tricks. ; Such remarks were made by per-
Call-Herald bulletins which were post
ed by -the Royal - Temple • Yacht Club In
the Hotel Cecil attracted considerable at
tention. There are a few yachtsmen -in
town and two members of this club^ whom
I saw. had "apparently built': no hopes on
Shamrock, III. , - '•'."'¦
One of the .morning papers announced
the ; result by sending up . three j red bombs
at the Crystal Palace and Hampstead. '
' Even among the Americans • in _ the ho
tels no remarkable degree of interest Jn
the contest, was. observable, as most- of
them' regarded, the result as inevitable. \
.*-— . . ONDON. Aug. 22.— Much of the
M same sort of apathy obtained
B In London to-day . regarding
B the result of the yacht race as
ffl ugfl^ was the - case ; on Thursday.
¦ ¦¦ ¦ . Most of the morning papers
made no attempt to display bulletins and
those persons who were interested either
consulted the news ticker or bought up
"extras" which more enterprising jour
nals flung upon the streets at intervals. r
1 The fact that news of the Humbert trial
came out an hour: or. so* before a bul
letin from Sandy- Hook j caused a stlght
misapprehension in some quarters. The
newsboys were shouting the result of the
trial and some persons bought the papers,
thinking the yacht race was over. I saw
one "gentleman in the Strand take one
glance at his paper and fling it away with
an exclamation. .
sons whose knowledge of yachlng mat
ters is nil.
The first work after breakfast to-day
was a tour of the grounds, through which
the desperadoes made their escape July
27. and much interesting information was
elicited from the Warden, Captain
"phy and the guards who accompanied the
party. It was demonstrated how the con
victs poured in on the prison officials and
how the majority of the felons were pre
vented from joining the escapes. The
directors passed around the building oc
cupied by the ofHcers and guards and
came to the gate leading to the armory.
"How did the convicts, get through
here?" asked Senator Felton.
"The guard unlocked the gate," wa3
the reply of the Warden.
The road at this point runs behind a
high wall of natural rock and the es
caping prisoners were out of range of
the guns in the hands of the men in the
After inquiring further into the conduct
of the guards the officials dispersed for
the night with the understanding that
the morning session should be early in
order to finish the work as soon as pos
sible.
The Warden stated that he was posi
tive that others than the escaped convic:s
were in the plot. "Kid" Thompson, Myer3
and Lavarone are thought to have been
partners in the conspiracy and their con
nection with the break will be invesilp
gated later.
It, was also reported that the employes
of the Folsom Light and Power Company
were entering the prison grounds and
shutting off the water when they thought
best, relying on the injunction secured
against the Board of Prison Directors
several months ago. All were agreed that
this state of affairs should not exist and
to-night the situation was discussed with
State Engineer Eckart. Some of the di
rectors want to sue the electric company
for a quarter million dollars damages and
have the case tested. ,:.».;¦
PLOTS STILL BEING rORMED.
The Warden opened his desk last night
and took out a box which contained ar
ticles discovered in the possession of pris
oners on Thursday night. There was a
miscellaneous assortment of knives and
stilettos, showing that plots were still be
ing formed.
Charles Montgomery of the Prison Re
form Commission was the next subject
of conversation and his ears should havo
burned well.
"I have been waiting to hear what you
gentlemen had to say about it," was the
answer.
"Are they still here?" asked Director
Wilklns. referring to guards last named.
"Yes," replied the Warden.
"Well, why in thunder don't you fire
them?" ejaculated Felton.
GUARDS TO BE DISMISSED.
Wilkinson stated that Guards Scott and
Edwards resigned immediately after the
outbreak and that Guards Klenzendorf
and Ryason had refused to do further
duty at the rock crusher.
Prison Directors Fitzgerald. Felton,
Wilkins and Ray arrived In town late last
night by special train from Sacramento
The remaining director, Robert Devlin, is
absent in Europe. The party went imme
diately to the penitentiary, where they
were welcomed by Warden Wilkinson.
After luncheon the directors assembled
In the "Warden's office and discussed the
situation In a general way for several
hours.
FOLSOM. Aug. 22.— That some of the
guards were cowardly and that four of
the convicts were of great service to the
btate on the morning of the outbreak,
July 27, were two of the most Important
facts established to-day by the investiga
tion of the Board of Prison Directors at
Folsom Prison. As a rasult of the inves
tigation Guards Klenzendorf, Ryason and
Chalmers and Prison Physician Plant are
slated for dismissal and convicts Joseph
Casey. O. C. Clark. John Martinez and
Charles Abbott will be recommended for
executive clemency. The directors are in
clined to think the responsibility for we
escape of the thirteen desperadoes rests
not so much with prison management as
with State legislatures which have failed
to allow appropriations making possible
the acquirement of facilities for restrain
ing dangerous felons. The result of the
investigation will be embodied in a re
port to Governor Pardee.
Special Dispatch to Th» CalL
Four Felons Who Gave Aid
to Wounded Guards Are
to Be Rewarded.
Cowardly Officials Are
Booked for Dis
•missal.
Prison Directors
Begin Inquiry
at Folsom.
INVESTIGATE
THE ESCAPE
OF CONVICTS
Britons Already Acknowledge Futility
of the Struggle With Yankee Sloop
RELIANCE, FLEET DEFENDER OF THE CUP, BEATS SHAMROCK III
BY NINE MINUTES, ACTUAL TIME, IN A SAIL-FILLING BREEZE
Test Proves That Victorious Boat
Should Lead Challenger in Any Weather
Pages 21 to 32
Pages 21 to 32
PRICE FJTVE CENTS.
The San Francisco Call.
UPTON'S CONFIDENCE UNSHAKEN.
|¥ 7 E zvere beaten fairly' and' squarely. It zvas splendid
\<y weather and the % Shamrock did not do asivellasl had
expected she zvould in the race to ivindward and
return. I' appreciate the splendid manner in which my boat was
handled. The Reliance is a wonderful yacht. My confidence in
the Shamrock, however, is not shaken.
SIR THOMAS UPTON.
ISELIN PRAISES FAST RELIANCE.
THE Reliance's performance to-day spoke for itself. I can
add nothing in words. I zvas always confident that she
was the better boat and to-day's result justifies my conten
tions. SItamrock III did splendidly in windward work. It was
fine racing zveather and offered a test of the boats.
. C. OLIVER 1 T SELIN, Managing Owner of Reliance.. . This was in a large measure due. to the
fact" that rnome.ntou9 questions affecting
Great Britain's interests' abroad kept the
wprk'''of ' tne'"F6refgn '.Office prominently,
before the public,' and Uniting the country
In Vuppo'rt^of the Ministry: as against the
outside^ world distracted attention from
domestic and. other questions- over which
wide ..and. ¦• serious - division might . have
arisen.
; .In 1S96 attention was occupied with the
conduct of ;relations~. wlth" ; :the United
States "over the ' Venezuelan boundary
question;, which l had been brought to a
crisis ljy the' attitude assumed 'by Pres
ident;.Cleveland and action taken by Con
gress.' " This matter ¦ had hardly been set
tled by agreeing, to the long, refused ar
bitration when the. Eastern' question again
arose through \ the ' Armenian . atrocities.
Then carte: * n e - Cretan crisis, finally set
tled at the 'suggestion of Lord Salisbury
by vjolht action* of the great J powers, re
quiring the withdrawal of the Turkish
Following the general election^ of that
year Lord Salisbury; again -went out of
office,' giving; place to Mr. Gladstone, who
in MarcH," 1894," gave way. to Lord Rose
bVry.^Tho fall; of' thie : .Rosebery; Ministry
•in- 1895 called < Lord. -Salisbury, again to the
fpre-'He^ organized a Cabinet with four
of. the nineteen members, Liberal Union-,
lsts,,? The next general election gave the
coalition 150 'majority' in the House' of
Cprjirnons," making ' the > ministry
strongest' of modern; record.
•~ This strong support 'in the main ad
hered to Mm throughout what proved to
be the longest' term of:his three premier
ships. ' V ¦¦ ' ;¦/•¦¦ : ' ... . ' - . ¦•-'
His; Active Political' Work in the
*^ ; 1' 7 Midst of Crises.
BUILDER OF MINISTRIES.
The way soon after began to clear for
Jx>rd Salisbury's entry into the wider
sphere of diplomacy. and action 1 in which
he remained to the end of his working
days— foreign affaira.
When the gathering clouds of differ
ence between Russia and Turkeys foretold
the approach of war he was sent In No
vember, ' 1876, as special Embassador to
the Sublime Porte, where- he and .Sir
, Jleoxy Elliott acted as joint Ministers
On the death of his father April 12.
1868, he succeeded to all " his hereditary
titles and estates and took his seat in
the House of Lords, as a peer of the
realm. There he was soon recognized as
having but the one superior. Beacons
fleld was the master ¦ mind and* central
ngure of that fixed assemblage, as Glad
stone was of the lower house. In the
shadows of these two men the. full pro
portions and possibilities of Salisbury's
mental and personal powers could hardly
be discerned. ;J>.';,' . . ' . ,
Except on some few questions Lord
Salisbury took but little part In domestic,
legislation, his tastes and hls % measure.,
of the necessity of the situation leading
him to devote his time and energies to
Britain's foreign policy. His part and
hand in nxing and carrying out this pol
icy must wait, for time and the future
historian to fully uncover, but as far as
seen in the Heht of. the present they
must be conceded to have been wise and
masterful.
In July, 1866, while yet in the House
of Commons,' he made his entry into 'the
executive branch of the Government by
accepting the tender from Lord Derby,"
•then. Prime Minister,- of the portfolio of
Secretary of State for India. This office
he held until March 2, 1867, when he re
signed on account of difference of opin
ion respecting the reform bill. He was
again appointed to the same office when
Mr. Mlsraeli returned to the Premiership
in 1874.- ..
Future Premier Takes His Seat With
the Lords.
PEER OF THE REALM.
BERLIN, Aug. 22>- It Is announced that
Baron von Stengel, the Bavarian Pleni
potentiary in the Bundesrath. has been
ippointed Secretary of the Treasury in
succession to Baron von Thielmann, who
nag resigned owing to the difficulties con
cocted with carrying out the reforms in
:he imperial finances.
Von Thielman's retirement appears to
Save been due to his lack of ingenuity
n finding fresh sources of revenue and
nays to economize. His UFual expedient
*as to place a fresh loan, in order to bal
mce the budget. Imperial 3s rose frac
iionally to-day, which was attributed by
jorne newspapers to Von Thielmann's
caving the Finance Ministry. His budget
itatemcnt. in which he said he believed
t would be necessary to lay an imperial
ujx on bfer. now the prerogative of the
rarious states, was badly received.
There was a nearly even number of
electrical and gasoline motors In the
national German automobile exhibition
Just closed in Berlin. 'With scarcely
an exception the vehicles carried the
motor in front high above the axle.
STRANGE WATERSPOUTS
AXARMING PERUVIANS
Inhabitants of Hua'raz Believe a
Threatened Calamity to Be Chas
tisement . From Heaven.
LIMA. Peru, Aug. 22.— In the city of Hua
raz 20,000 inhabitants have been in dan
ger since ' yesterday. .Water is spouting
under a church and under various houses.
The people are : greatly alarmed and
church bells are rung and masses said
for deliverance from a calamity. The in
habitants believe the waterspouts to be
a chastisement from heaven. '
VESUVIUS BECOMING
LESS THREATENING
ROME, Aug. 22.— Vesuvius' being sta
tionary, with a seeming tendency of de
crease in eruptions, the inhabitants con
sider It a victory over Professor Krull of
Munich, saying that their signs against
the evil eye are more powerful than his
predictions.
Royal Juvenile Cyclists.
LONDON, Aug. 22.— In Princess Victo
ria of Wales— 8 years of age— England
cannot boast the youngest royal cyclist In
the world. The infant son of the Duke
of Aosta has the prior claim.' This small
person, who Is only 3 years old, rides a
liliputlan- safety bicycle with remarkable
skill. His accomplishment is fully in-ca
cordance with the methods the Duchess
of Aosta employs in the bringing up of
her children.
The young Princes are trained in a rig
idly English fashion, even to the extent
of; cold baths every morning. They have
an English nurse and are encouraged by
the Duke to play English games. , In fact,
their education : might be . described as
more English than the English.
Charged With Less Majeste.
BERLIN, Aug. 22.— Carl. L. Leid, editor
of the. Voerwarts, has been arrested,
charged- with lese majeste. .In an-edi
torial in his paper he stated that Emper
or William intended to build a fortified
castle on the island of Fichela, In the
river Havel.
Garibaldi's Son Dies.
-ROME, Aug. 22.— MenottI Garibaldi, eld
est son of the Italian patriot, died to-day
from liver complaint,' complicated with
dysentery.
FINDS REFORMS
ARE DIFFICULT
OTTAWA, Ont., Aug. 22.— Tha affair
between the Canadian cutter Petrel and
the American fishing steamer Silver Spray
on Lake Erie has resulted only In the re
newed determination of ! the Dominion
government that poaching In Canadian
waters must cease. Minister Prefontaine,
who Is in charge of marine and fisheries,
said to-day that nothing would be left
undone to stop the operations of Ameri
can fishing boats on the Canadian side of
the line in: Lake Erie. This means that
the next Mme a Canadian cutter chases a
fishing boat it will not get away easily.
Poaching Must Cease.
He sprang from comparatively old
stock, being a direct descendant of Wil
liam Cecil, first Earl of Burleigh, who
was Prime Minister to Edward VI (1547),
to his fister Mary, why succeeded him,
and then filled the same office for some
forty years for her sister and successor.
Queen Elizabeth. ¦ '
Lord Salisbury was the third Marquis
of that name and the second son of that
Marquis who held the privy seal in Lord
Derby's first Premiership' and was later
Lord President of the Council under the
same Premier. His mother was a Miss
Gascoigne, daughter and heir of a
wealthy gentleman, Bamber Gascoigne
Esq.
Lord Robert Cecil, as he was then
called, being the second son, had his first
schooling at Eton and then spent nearly
three years at Christ Church College, Ox
ford. Leaving there in his nineteenth
year, he made the tour of Europe and
then went to New Zealand. His father
was rather penurious and he knew that
he had his own way to make. He led the
life of a cattleman for some two years
and then went with the rush to the Aus
tralian gold fields. There he remained
for nearly three years, digging for gold,
Lord Salisbury, or as he was baptized,
Robert Arthur Talbot Gascolgne-Cecil,
had already passed by some two and a
half years the Scriptural allotment of
three score and ten,' when in July, 1902,
he tendered to the new King his resigna
tion of the Premiership, as he was born
at Hatfield Februar$' 3. 1S30.
CAEEER OF SALISBURY.
Distinguished Services of the States
man to the Empire.
He chose the field of journalism and
from 1S5" until 1SG5, when by the death
of his elder brother he became \iscount
Cranborne, he made his living as a writer
for the press. His essays, political, so
cial and economic, were features of the
Saturday Review and the Quarterly, and
his leaders found frequent place on ihe
editorial- pages of the. Morning Chronicle
and the Times.
A patrician by descent through many
generations, he was noted for his ultra
aristocratic views and extreme Tory prin
ciples and from these he never swerved
during his long career and was rarely if
ever. In eympathetic touch '.with the
masses of the people.
The young Lord did not confine his ef
forts and work to the floor of the House.
Of necessity it was otherwise, especially
after hi3 marriage In 1S57 to MIa'* Geor
giaa Alderson. She brought nim no
dowry, and his father, who was much of
fended at his choice, insisting that he
should have married an heiress, refused
to increase the meager allowance which
he had before made to him. This threw
the young man on his own resources and
forced him to supplement his small ln
.corne in some honorable and inconspicu
ous way.
Soon after hl3 election he was chosen
a fellow of All Souls' College, Oxford.
He made his debut before the House, and
the nation in a protest against a pro
posed measure for reforming the -great
university. His effort on this occasion
attracted much attention In the House
and outside as well and from that time
forward his support or opposition was
reckoned as a potent factor in the fate
of every bill of political or public nature,
especially those affecting the interests
of the established church.
His mining ventures were not over suc
cessful, however, and in 1&53 he returned
to England and was soon after elected
to Parliament- from' Stamford. <So well
did he please his constituents- that - they
returned him at every election until 1S6S,
when by the death of his father he suc
ceeded to the Marqutsate and took his
seat in the House of Lords.
and being generally known as "Long Bob
Cecil."
O^v February. ,4, 1SS6," Salisbury . : gave
pla.cV.to ' Gladstone "and concentrated his
energies oh fighting the home rule policy
of .that^statesman. : On August 3, 1SS6, he
again bec^nje Premier and held. the place
for^Pwre.thin six years. Lord Randolph
Churchill's^resignation from the Cabinet
in 1892. led to u reconstruction of that
body, ; and Lord Salisbury took to him
self vtbe direct management of the For
eign Aftlalrs Office.
In April, 1SS0, he went out of office with
his" party after defjeot; at the elec
tion. At a meeting of Conservative peers
held 'April 9, 1SS1, after the death of Lord
Beaconsfl>ld-, 'Lord "Salisbury was elected
to lead the party in the*House of Lords.
He opposed, but • finally ~ accepted the
Irish land act of 1SS1, fought Gladstone's
Egyptian,' policy, compassed the 'rejection
of the county', franchise bill in 1SS4 and
represented his party at. the conference
of opposing leaders/ which led to the
f owning of .the., redistribution bill . of 1SS5.
Ori June i}'5>fVthat year the .Gladstone
Ministry 'went out and Lord Salisbury be
came Premier' of Great Britain.' His term
was Short, howover, only 227 days.
The ultimate result of this conference,
during which Lord Salisbury displayed
the vary highest grade diplomatic In
stinct, .was, no .reflection on the work done
by ..tha conference. The Grand Ottoman
Council, with, but one dissenting voice,
January 15, 1877. rejected the proposals of
the powers, and war followed soon after.
The situation became a -critical one for
Britain.. -Lord Derby resigned the. posi
tion of Secretary ,, of. State for Foreign
Affairs and Lofd Salisbury was appointed
to 'the' place! His lirst act was to write
the memorable dispatch clearly enunci
ating Great Britain's jfositlon with re
gard .to the Eastern Question. The Czar
and tils armies were stopped within sight
of the minarets of ~mar, and the confer
ence of Berlin was called to readjust the
political' V'CuilibHum'of Europe.
With hiB- -chief, -Lord- Beaconsfleld, Sal
isbury was sent, to represent Great Brit
ain, at .that memorable council. -, Their
work is history. ¦ .They gained much for
Britain at little cost, and Britons were
pleased. ¦•' f ¦
From this time forward Lord Salisbury's
part In the conduct, of Great Britain's
foreign relations was . so comprehensive
as to preclude here more than the mere
recital, 'in ordgr of "the' more important
act3 and events.
Plenipotentiary, at the conference of Con
stantinople. ._ * . ¦ ...... : . .
Lord Salisbury was honored with visits
at Hatfleld House by the German Em
peror and the Prince of Naples in 1891,
Li Hung Chang in 1S96 and by her late
Majesty Queen Victoria In her jubilee
year, 1S97.
There are in England and elsewhere to
day many who place Lord Salisbury at
the very head of the roll of her great
statesmen, others who rank him among
the first and still others who contend that
he possessed but few elements of great
ness, and those only in a moderate de
gree, and* that he only appeared to be a
great man In comparison with the dwarf
ishness of those about him. Partiality or
partisanship can now hardly do him jus
tice on either hand.
Lord Salisbury was a great student,
especially of electricity and its applica
tions, an-' he maintained a well-appoint
ed experimental and working laboratory
at Hatflold House, in which he spent
much of his leisure time. The whole place
Is furnished with electric light and power,
generated by the River Lea, which runs
through his estate, for which all the de
vices and appliances used are of the most
modern character and of his own design-
Ing.
Lord Salisbury inherited large and valu
able properties (over 20,000 acres of land)
from his father, and added much thereto.
His oldest eon. Viscount Cranborne, suc
ceeds to the titles and estates.
Lord Salisbury bore many titles and
honors, some hereditary and others won
by his own efforts. On his return from
the Berlin conference in 1878 the Queen
conferred upon him the order of the Gar
ter, and he, with Beaconsfleld. was given
the freedom of the city of London, and
later (1S31) of Glasgow. In 1SG) he was
elected chancellor of the University' of
Oxford, to succeed Lord Derby. In 1871-72
he was one of the arbitrators in the great
investigation of the officers of the Lon
don, Chatham and Dover Railroad Com
pany. He was for a long time chairman
of the London and Northwestern Rail
road Company.
The Boxer outbreak in China in 1900 and
subsequent events in that quarter, the
final outcome of which is yet in abeyance,
added much to Lord Salisbury's cares
during the last years of his Ministry.
Then the death of her late Majesty the
Queen reminded him that his generation
was passing away. He would probably
have resigned long before he did but that
he was moved by a desire to bring the
Boer war to an honorable close before
leaving the helm of the ehip of estate.
His retirement, coming as It did when
Britain was full of rejoicing at the con
clusion of the war and engrossed with,
the preparation for King Edward's coro
nation, made less of a jar in the political
world than it would have done a year
before, for . instance. In fact, it had al
ready been discounted, and his successor,
his nephew, A. J. Balfour, practically
chosen. Labouchere- largely voiced the
sentiment of the British public when he
said that it was "a matter of absolute
indifference whether the uncle or the
nephew was at the head of the Govern
ment."
Salisbury Takes Rank With Greatest
of Britain's Statesmen.
RETIRES WITH HONORS.
Soon messages of condolence began
coming in, and the little telegraph office
at Hatfie'.d was swamped with unprece
dented business. The death of Lord Salis
bury occurred on the fiftieth anniversary
of hs entry into public life as a member
oi th» House of Commons for Stamford.
Th* elevation of Lord Cranborne to the
Pu'sc o£ Lords creates a vacancy in the
P.ochcster district and probably will en
tail the election of a new Under.Secre
tary for Foreign Affairs.
The end of the distinguished statesman
was a peaceful one, without the slightest
evidence of pain. When death became
imminent the attending physicians sum
moned the waiting members of the fam
ily, who gathered at the bedside and took
farewell of the dying man, who, how
ever, was unconscious of their presence. >
Within a few minutes after the death
a brief announcement was handed to the
newspaper men, and simultaneously tHe
tolling of the death knell from the tower
of the church, of which Rev. Lord Wil
liam Cecil, a nephew of Lord Salisbury,
is pastor, told the people of the little .vil
lage" ftf ! Hatfield i that the long struggle
was over. " ¦
MOURNING OF A NATION.
The village -of Hatfleld. which still re
tains many features of the feudarperiod,
was A filled with anxious residents
awaiting the news of his Lordship's
demise. The. great Hatfleld House, hid
den behind the screen of pine trees, was
lighted at every window and gave no sign
pt the approaching" fatality. Groups of
watchers clustered under the Elizabethan
arches: of the lodge gates, anxiously-ques
tioning •;' each passenger from '• Hatfleld
House. 'V' i ¦ v" .
j Later the news came,--. when a' hatless
servant dashed down the graveled road
way, saying as he passed, ""He has gone,"
and then disappeared In the church. Soon
thereafter the bell from the tower above
tolled slowly, and the" villagers at the
street corners uncovered In acknowledg
ment to the passage' of' their neighbor
and friend, England's greatest statesman.
Viscount Cranborne, who now assumes
the title of Marquis of Salisbury, imme
diately notified King Edward and Queen
Alexandra, the Prince and Princess of
Wales and others, including Lord Edward
Cecil, the soldier son of Lord Salisbury,
who is now in Egypt and who was the
only son of the Marquis absent from the
deathbed.
WATCHERS AT HATFTEIJ>.
Lord Edward Cecil had been -warned
early this afternoon by telegraph that the
end was near. All of the other members
of his Lordship's family had gathered at
the bedside. . Dr.. Douglass,- who had at
tended Lord Salisbury, was Informed by
telegTaph this morning Hhat it- wa's use
less for him to come, and he was there
fore absent at the end. ¦' ¦ . -
+ _ 1.
LONDON, Aug. 22.— Lord Salisbury,
died peacefully at .9:05 o'clock to*,
night. During the past forty
eight hours the end was seen to
be inevitable,;, the life, of Eng
land's ex^Premier :belnB •'* only
by : the constant use of oxygen. Even the
use <j t oxygen'f ailed of effect as the even.
Ing advanced, and soon after the shadows
bad crept* up from the valley and en
shrouded the dull red walls of Hatfleld
House the distinguished statesman, mak
ing the last effort of his life, turned
slightly toward his -favorite daughter.
Lady Gwendolin Cecil, who was kneeling
beside him, and then quietly breathed his
last.
.While this matter was in process of set
tlement affairs in the Far East assumed
an acute phase. Germany had forced the
ninety-nine year lease of Kiaochau and
Russia 'had thereupon seized Port Arthur
and Talienwan, later, securing the same
concession made to Germany. Lord Sal
isbury, demanded and was granted pos
session of Wethaiwei on the same terms,
securing also at the same time the open
ing of all inland waters to navigation for
vessels of all nations; the opening of va
rious additional treaty ports, the assur
ance that no portion of the provinces ad
joining the Yang-ste-Kiang Valley should
be alienated to any other power, and that
as long as British trade continued to ex
ceed that of any other nation the Inspec
tor General of Maritime Trade should be
a British subject. He also secured the
concession of about 200 Square miles of
land on the Kowloon Peninsula, opposite
Hongkong.
The capture of Khartoum in lS98.and
the subsequent death of the Khalifa and
the conquest of his territories, with the
appearnce of a French force at Fashoda,
on the Upper Nile, brought up the neces
sity of a settlement of the rights of the
two countries in that quarter of Africa.
Lord Salisbury made certain concessions
in the Niger Hinterlund, and the French
Government relinquished all claims to
any part of the Nile Valley. '
In 189D the relations with the South
African republics were ruptured, and the
yet fresh in memory Boer war ensued.
The British Government was forced to
put a larger force of men by four times
than she had ever done before, and pro
vide a total of over $1,350,000,000 of cost
before -she could bring the brave and
hardy burghers to terms. Yet the Minis
try was well sustained in Parliament and
tjy the people through the whole of this
trying period of nearly three years' dura
tion.
troops and making: Prince George ot
Greece high commissioner and Governor
of Crete.
DEATH CLOSES THE BRILLIANT CAREER
OF AN EMINENT ENGLISH STATESMAN
Lor;d _3aHsjbyry, former Premier, Dies
;¦¦ - : i at thesHistoric Hatfield ; House.
THE SAN FRANGISfJO-CAii, SUNDAY* AUGUST 23, 1903.
BRITISH STATESMAN, FORMERLY £RIAIE MINISTER OF ENGLAND,
WHO HAS SUCCUMBED TO ILLNESS AFTER A LONG AND USE
FUL LIFE DEVOTED TO THE SERVICE OF HIS COUNTRY.
"Speaking of 'political dark horses,* I
suppose we might properly call the re
former 'the political mule.' " "Do you
think that appropriate?" "Of course, the
reformer Is forever kicking." "But when
a mule starts kicking he usually accom
plishes something."— Catholic Standard
and Times.
ROME, Aug. 21— Prince George of
Greece has renewed the demand to have
Crete annexed to Greece. . The Italian
Minister of Foreign Affairs, who, as
sisted by the British, French and Rus
sian Embassadors. supervises the ad
ministration of the Island, is consider
ing the attitude of Greece in the pres
ent insurrection in Macedonia. It is
thought that annexation would not be
objected to by Turkey.
Demands Annexation of Crete.
22
1 THE MAN YOU LOVE. §
g IT has been said repeatedly that any woman, who is not positively «
* I deformed, can, with tact and delicacy, win any man she sets her heart S
g JI upon, bitt— can she? How many women have smilingly accepted Q
Q the compliment of the assertion in public, only to ponder the ques- Q
~ tion anxiously, oft times hopelessly, in the privacy of the boudoir. S
§ What an old, old. problem it is. to be sure, but oh, how appallingly «
o new to most of the {rentier sex who will read these lines. Matrimony S
8 —the right man— a comfortable, happy home. .It is the one creat prob- 8
§ lem of a woman's life from the cradle to the prave. They are the ideals g
8 that women have always cherished, always will. And how many, or Q
8 rather, how few. realize their ideals. S
v3 It is a problem that few men can understand, or, worst of all. ever g
g try to understand. Man. with his lordly assumption of all the oreroK- o
Q atives of life worth haviner. may woo and win where and when he list- g
S eth.~ But to woman — passive, receptive woman — what is Riven? She g
* must wait her lover's coming. She may not seek, as man does, that which 8
o pleases her most. And out of the lovers who choose to woo she must- «
g make what poor selection is afforded her, and, burying the ideal, jjive all S
g the fluttering, clinfcins: hope of the future to shaping: the Teal into X
<3 something akin to the srod of her dreams. «
8 And in this world of sham a n< * show, of the mad chase for wealth, g
j* the problem has become vastly more vexatious than it ever was befoTe. «
« Even though it has been lone a cce P te<^ as something akin to a ioke. it o
o happens all too often in real life *^at she loves the poor man. and must 9
g choose between him and a wealthier though less undesirable suitor.
gt Perverse woman, say the knowi n S and the worldly; but only the cirl «
£** who has been confronted with su c^ a P r °blem can realize the heartburn- 8
g ing, the sublime emotional tragedy of il a^- Whichever way she chooses g
g some great part of the ideal is s^ att . cre(^ and— what then? o
q Every woman who reads is s e ?^ mj ? *^ e answer to just such a ques- 5?
£$ tion. Just a few of those who w" tc Iiave l " e< * to answer it for her.
S Such a one is the "Half-Hour-^ to ". ette " ' n the next Sunday Call, en- £>
g titled "When Jabberwock Rode." Curious title, isn't it? Well, it is a «
« curious story, and one that answe rs the Problem as — well, read it and
8 see if you would answer it that wav - vou are -a woman it is ten ci
g chanres to one you would or— would you? . • <;.• *
C* Perhaps, after all. you would n 't. for there is another story that solves S
8 the riddle in a different way. It is called "Betwixt- Dad and loe." but «
g the problem before the girl is n ot exactly what you would infer from S
8 that title — indeed not by a erea* deal. Nor can you_ guess. what man- » -
« ner of finesse she used to brintr about a happy, ending— the only sort an «
g ?rdent girl will ever accept. Still another is "Under the Car of the 5
$ Juggernaut." but the eirl in this stol 7 d »d not have things as much her 8
g own way as you might think sh e d ' d from such a title. Or does that S
g title convey as clear a concent' 00 °f what a remarkable story this is §
g ps a .'.veil selected title should? You'll be able to decide that question. §
g best for yourself when you read a^- the bright, clever, up-to-date stories ;*
g on th^ two "Hnlf-Hour-Storiette" pages in the next Sunday Call. g
« . T^ e "* to P* sure ' there is th e second installment of "Brewster's § •
g Millions" wh?rh goes far toward clearing the mystery of how he S
g spent one million a year to make six more. If you think it h the S
$ easiest thing in the wbrM to soe n d a million a year, get your money's S
g worth and yet have nothine to show for it at the end of that time. §
g you'll finH valuable information in the next Sunday Call. 8
n ¦ You'll find also "A P*4 HaiVed CurmT bv Henry Wallace Phillips. «
» The Etiouette of the Hostess" by Madge Moore, the San Francisco 8
g seaman who ha« lust brouarht 9 ereat ship safely into harbor bv rid'tie S
g the broken rudder in a ttnrm like a tramo on a brake-beam. "Old g
Gorgon Graham's Ainhabet." which is the funniest thine vou ever ww. o
g exceor perhans the "Wonderful Kingdom of Wonderful Things." which «
g reallv is a fttllpaee of .something new tinder the sun. .
« But what is the use of telling you any more. You will see all this 5q "*"
8 *f°r yourself, and much more, very much more, besides" in the- next S
§ Sunday Call, that is if you care anything at all about snappy, brilliant 8
3 newsnaoers. • ;
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Announce the arrival of Fall Styles in
Children's Reefers
__ and
Overcoats
We study children's clothes as carefully as we do
those of their elders.
*J We aim to have aU the little folks properly and
stylishly appareled.
SF The popular child's Reefer this season will be worn
more than ever before. They are longer than formerly
and come in two styles— Peter Thompson regulation and
the small collared Reefer, with long, narrow lapels.
Children's Reefers, in variety of Blue Cloths and Fancy;
Cheviot Mixtures, exclusive styles, with Peter Thomp-
Ison regulation or new small collar, and nautical emblem
embroidered on sleeve. .3 to 10 years.. .$5.00 to $15.00
OUR SPECIAL #5.00 LINE
SF Attention is invited to our special $5.00 line of these goods, as
being the most economical and money-saving clothes yon can btq£
for children's every-day wear.
Cheviot Reefers, in Red, Brown and Navy, with velvet
collars, embroidered nautical emblem on sleeve, double-
breasted front, with 6 large pearl buttons.
Extra value for — ~~.i$5.00
Child's Oxford Melton Overcoat, made with velvet col-
lar, double-breasted fly front, ornamented with 3 heavy
silk frogs.
Extra value for..^~>^ ¦—..... ¦ $5.00
Child's Navy Blue Cheviot Overcoat, made with velvet
collar, double-breasted front, with 8 large pearl buttons.
Extra value for ,~_..,..*- $5.00
Our $3.50 Sailor Suits
*ff These are one of our standard suits for small children, and
represent the best values that can be put in children's clothes for
the money. They are immensely popular, and the demand for
them is daily increasing.
Of all-wool Serge in favorite colors, daintily trimmed
with Soutache braid and embroidered najutical emblem,
the pants with taped seams and lined throughout with
Extra value for — $3.50
KEARNY. AT POST.
' ADVERTISEMENTS.
AS A LAXATIVE
Hostetter's Stomach Bitters is
without an equaL It will not
gripe nor shock the system, and
make you feel sick all over like
most cathartics do, but has^a firm
and gentle effect on the consti-
pated bowels, stimulating and as-
sisting tiiem in ther proper per-
formance of their functions. Then
on occasional dose is all that is
needed to keep the bowels .regular
and the stomach strong. A trial
will, convince you of its value.
HOSTETTER'S
STOMACH BITTERS.
I WILL GIVE $1000
UIJTIL CURED
%i&sr * D j L niD p in a
ft'OlttrS-BllHSl IS CICER
A. linnp or sere oa it*. \ 1 1 p.' face or »st where
?lx aoBth&is nearly always caseer. 120 page
book k--i free with testimonials of thousands
:ured whom you can see. '
Hie Dr. S. E. Chamley Cancer Cure Co.
"Strictly Reliable**' Two lady assistants.
23 and 25 Third St., San Francisco
SLSD TO SOMEONE WITH CANCER
Cfee f awritc gb^inpagne •
j wiluam woLf re* co. :
< Pacific coast acekts '.
CONEY 1SLAND
3CEAX BOULEVARD. 2 Blocks B«low th«
CliX House.
SUNDAY,JVugust 23.
BIG VAUDEVILLE SHOW.
GRAND CONCERT.
DARING ULLOONASCEHSION
PARACHUTE LEAP
Ey MILE. ANETl, tbs Celebrated Lsdy
Aeronaut.
¦ ADVEB.TISEaLEIfT.3.
;-- — ""'¦•; — *~" — *
You can't beat American skill. WlM \ jc <
That is why you can place absolute W$m \\
reliance on any line of pianos we afjp| \ \ j
\ carry. They are all winners. affi 1 \ )
l^_J J^/ ' Tne Everett, Steck, Haidman, fm|| ir^V- '
l\ Packard, - Ludwig and Conover ]|$i|jib \\ \
// pianos are winners of plaudits from &}$$&, \\ \
//ji the music-loving everywhere. §MpE 1\ \
f^HvK ou can P urc^ ase an y piano in fe^§& \K \
I rMju our salesrooms on the most liberal §$Mjt& \\\ \
% *3 and satis^ actor y terms. p|? ?^S \\ \ \
/flyMj Basement Bargains — We've pvMgk \\ T
// IM'i' a lot of upright ' sc 3 uare and grand .|M|pfiy\
I ) fir Pi anos * which have been taken in '^%^^|\\
SfjUtJf exchange,' or which have been Ipfrfrar j*i§j\\
£s««?s^ rented out. Some are nearly new — W.iM *r\\
"<^-^ all are in excellent condition. We'll fl$e| \
2*. ' sell any of these at extremely low Wlfwk \ \\*<A
— prices. Better investigate at once. j^^til \m""|
% The Wiley B. Allen Go. «!?
J< 931-933 Market St., lUBIWI
5? . San Francisco. . H^Sfif^BuAl 1J "5
/^- Corner 9th and Broadway, wSfflllfiSM: 1*1 V "^»
C"^ Oakland. W^^WS"fThey also deny as untrue the claim
made by Miller that he, has increased the
output of his division at reduced cost.
He was rranted a fair and Impartial trial
by Ms peers. He was Riven every right and
privilege accorded by the constitution he had
obligated himself to conform to and support.
During the progress of the trial the evidence
that he had outrageously violated his obliga
tions was so convincing and overwhelming
that he was denounced as unfit for member
ship in an organization composed of self
respecting men, and they expelled him there
from.
They explain at length the grounds for
Miller's expulsion from the union, which
they say was due to the fact that he
made misrepresentations to Congress con
cerning the work done at the Government
printing office with a view to securing a
reduction of the pay of the binders. On
th.'s point they say:
The bookbinders claim that when Mil
ler first entered the service he had made
misrepresentations to the effect that he
had served a full apprenticeship, which
they claim he had not done, and they re
peat the charges of marital irregularities.
WASHINGTON*. Aug. 22.-Th* Book
binders' Union of this city to-day gave out
an authorized statement regarding the
controversy with TV*. A. Miller, assistant
foreman of the bookbindery of the Gov
ernment printing office, who recently was
discharged by Public Printer Palmer on
the ground that he was a non-union man*
and afterward reinstated upon order ot
the Prsldent.
NEW YORK, Aug. 22.-L.lzzie Spltz
nadel, a pretty Austrian child 11 years of
age who has been totally blind since she
was 3 vears old, has been made to see
slightly as the result of an experiment
in in combination radium and X
rays. The experiment was tried only last
Wednesday night, and at the time of ap
plication it gave little or no promise of
being even moderately successful. The
child's sight has not been restored, but
she has in three days emerged from a
condition of total blindness to one in
which she can distinguish moving objects
and can plainly discern ordinary electric
lights at nignt.
Dr. Amon Jenkins of this city, who is
connected with the marine hospital ser
vice .and whose patient the child is, and
Wlllfam J. Hammer, a well known elec
trical engineer and expert in radium, con
ducted the experiment on the blind child.
» ? »
A few years ago, when Czar Alexander
III was alive, and his family included
three sons, it almost seemed bevond a
doubt that the succession to the throne
was secured to his descendants, and that
It could hardly pass to his brother or
nephew. However, the eldest son, now
reigning as Nicholas II, though married,
is the father of daughters only; the sec
ond son. is dead, and the third son. now
25 years of age, is unmarried and appar
ently content to remain so.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Bookbinders Issue State
ment Concerning
Controversy. ,
Success.
Radium and X Ray3 in
Combination Give
UNION ATTACKS
MILLER'S RECORD
SIGHT RESTORED
TO BLIND GIRL
They say an Atchlson woman Is worry
ing herself to death because she -talks so
much about s other people's '¦. affairs. That
Isn't worrying; that is gossiping:
Figures have Just been published which
the Canadian press claims as an indica
tion of the military spirit which animates
young Canada. THe State of New York
has a population of nearly 2.000,000 more
than the entire Dominion of Canada, yet
its national guard has an enrollment of
only 14,468 men. Canada, on the other
hand, has 35,000 men in its active militia,
and thousands of others who have gone
through militia training and are now on
the retired list.
"Might doesn't always make right," ob
served the Wise Guy. "No, but it gener
ally makes good," murmured the Simple
Mug.
.Railway officials differ in the degrees of
liberality In which they define the word
"family" when used on a pass. An Amer
ican copied the instructions of the Paris-
Lyons-Mediterranean Railway bearing
upon the subject as a lesson in liberality.
On that road a pass for/ one family is
good for father, mother, children, grand
father, ¦ '¦ grandmother, -mother-in-law,
f athec-ln-law, brother, sister, brothef-ln
law, slster-ln-law, 1 uncle, aunt, nephew,
niece and servants attached to the fam
ily. . ' '
In several respects the Albanians are
the most Interesting people in, Europe.
They commit no crimes but murder.
Among them, human life has an " even
smaller value than In Sicily and the ven
detta prevails even more rig'idly. The old
law of an eve for an eye, a tooth for a
tooth and a life for a life Is strictly en
forced, but the laws of hospitality are
equally respected, and when once a man
has broken bread or tasted salt with Al
banians his life Is safe against all com
ers as long as he remains their guest.
The railway across the Andes, between
Chile and the Argentine republic, which
was projected twenty years ago. Is at last
to be completed, the Chilean Congress
having recently passed a bill for the pur
pose. The loftiest part of the pass, which
lies not far south of the great Andean
giant, Aconcagua, and which has an ele
vation of 13,000 feet, is to be penetrated
by a tunnel, which will serve both to
avoid snowdrifts and to decrease the
maximum elevation of the road. The ter
minals of the railway on each side of the
pass are now within one day's travel by
mule caravan from one another. This
will be the first -rail line to cross the
South American continent^
"We usually discover at night that the
only things we found time to do during
the day were those which should have
boen left undone.
Sir Thomas, by 'Inference, scathingly re
buked the crew of his yacht for the man
ner In which they handled her, but not a
word of direct criticism fell from his lips,
though several questions leading up to
such an admission were put to him. Not
contrary, he contented himself with heap-
Ing the most enthusiastic praise on the
manner in which the Reliance was
handled, and by his failure to comment
on r the work of his own crew left to be
Inferred his own opinion In this direction.
He had in person, standing on. the
bridge, led a hearty cheer, for the de-;
fender and her crew as the Erin> her
course laid for the purpose,' steamed
alongside the Reliance, and was Bitting In
his smoking saloon surrounded- by his
friends. ' •' >-
NEW YORK, Aug. 22.— "It cheers me
up In this defeat to know that some girl
cares about me," said stout-hearted Sir
Thomas Upton, genial to the last, doing
all In his power to keep up the spirits of
his guests on the Erin In the hour of his
defeat, as he had done to care for their
slightest want during the hours when his
yacht was vainly struggling for victory.
Ho was as ready for a Jest as if he were
steaming homeward with the cup one
third won.
Lipton Leads in a Cheer for the
Victors.
SIB THOMAS CHEERFUL.
David S. Belles, who has just died at
Northport, Mass.. though blind since
childhood, made a fortune as a business
man and inventor. In 1ST.1 he began In a
small way thc manufacture of mat
trtsses. The business crowing, he began
to make furr.iture. He invented new
etyles of chairs and furniture and went so
far as to desijni and carry out machinery
for their manufacture. His pr-nse of touch
was ho wonderful that he could detect the
slightest flaws In artleUs mad<? in his fac
tory.
Although Bertha is old enough to be able
to take care of herself. I will not allow her
to be duped by an unscrupulous adventurer
¦without legal redresa at least. But I cannot
believe without proof that Mr. Barlow is guilty
of undlssolvcd alliances with other women.
When asked as to his plans after arriv
ing In Buffalo, he said: "I have no <Jefl
nite plans. I want to see my sister first
and after I talk to her I can tell better
what I shall do. Of course, I expect to
take her away from Barlow."
MILWAUKEE. Aug. 22.— "Reginald
Barlow either will prove his right to woo
and marry my daughter, unhindered by
any previous matrimonial alliances, or he
will be prosecuted," declared Mrs. W. J.
Merkel, mother of Mrs. Bertha Barlow,
the Milwaukee girl who was wedded on
August 16 in Los Angeles, Cal., to an ac
tor, who. it has been alleged, had en
gaged in other matrimonial ventures, not
as yet dissolved by law. Mrs. Merkel
said:
CHICAGO. Aug. 22.-Reginald Barldw.
whom three women claim as husband,
loft Chicago Friday night, pursued by
Clarence Merkel, brother of the Milwau
kee heiress whom Barlow married In Los
Angeles after a short courtship on the
train. When Barlow heard that Miss
Florence Hamilton, an actress at the
Academy, one of the three woman who
claim him as husband, had written to her
attorney at Houghton, Mich., where she
says she was married, to obtain her mar
riage certificate and intended upon its ar
rival to have him arrested on a charge of
bigamy, he became much agitated and
with Mrs. Bertha Barlow, his latest wife,
hurriedly left for Buffalo.
t Mrs. Barlow's brother arrived. In Chi
cago to-day and on learning that the man
he was pursuing had left for Buffalo
Merkel called on Miss Hamilton, com
pared some of Barlow's writing with
some letters which Miss Hamilton had In
her possession, secured what Information
he could as to the movements of his sis
ter and the man who claimed her as his
bride and left on the first train for the
Ea.«t.
Special Dispatch to The Call,
Leaves Chicago to Es
cape Charge of
Bigamy.
ACTOR BARLOW
HURRIES EAST
Mrs. Kirkpatrick was seriously injured.
but it Is thought she will recover. The
other two were not seriously injured.
CLEVELAND. Aug. 22.— While climb
ing a hill toward Little Mountain, a sum
m<.r resort twenty-five miles east of here,
to-day, an automobile containing four
people suddenly became unmanageable
and started backward down the hill. At
the bottom it was upset and the four peo
ple thrown out. When picked up It was
found that Mrs. W. H. Kirkpatrick, re
siding on Ingk-siiie avenue, this city, was
dfad and the other occupants injured.
The thr»»e other occupants were W. H.
Kirkpatrick, his mother, TO years of age,
and a man named Cavanaugh. The elder
Unmanageable Machine Backs Down
Hill and Upsets, Throwing
Out Its Occupants.
CLEVELAND WOMAN KILLED
BY BTJNAWAY AUTOMOBILE
"It was all an oversight, and the yacht
club representatives were only made
cognizant of our being measured with
out . them when we told them. Neither
the Reliance representatives nor ours su
perintending the measuring noticed the
error at the time. It won't make any;
difference."
with the same trim as measured and then
carry out your wishes by remeasuring on
Monday with the anchor and chain
aboard. If your committee has any more
suggestions we will meet them with
pleasure. CRAWFORD."
When Shamrock III was first measured
the hatches had to be removed and two
lightweight men substituted for two
heavier ones , In the crew to keep the
water line inside of ninety feet This
brought her to 89 81-100 feet. The anchor
and chain weigh as much as two men,
and it is "thought that when the yacht
shall be remeasured there will be some
difficulty In getting inside the water line
maximum. A few seconds'- difference in
the race to-day might make the result
dependent upon the remeasurement.
Nobody who was present on either
yacht would discuss the measurement of
the Shamrock wltb her anchor and chain
aboard. Sir Thomas Upton said, how-
"Mr. Iselin reports that you Informed
him, Just before starting on yesterdays
race, that Shamrock III, when measured,
did not have the anchor and cable on
board before starting. You reported it
also to . the regatta committee. This, if
true, would require a new measurement
under the agreement before starting an
othc race. I appreciate that Jt would
be impossible now for you to procure a
measurement before starting - to-morrow,
and understand that the regatta commit
tee has requested that Shamrock III be
remeasured on Monday. Under the cir
cumstances, knowing that the error arose
from an oversight, our committee are
willing that your boat shall start to-mor
row, but subject to the new measurement
to be taken on Monday next. The vessel
on such measurement is to be exactly in
the same trim as when sailing Saturday,
which fact will be established by your
own statement.
"LEWIS CASS LEDYARD."
Mr. Crawford's answer was:
"Thanks for telegrams. We were meas
ured without anchor and chain aboard.
We had not an anchor or chain on board
during the first race, and we find they
are required by the rules. We propose,
with your permission, to sail to-morrow
NEW YORK, Aug. 22.— Shamrock III
will be remeaeured in Erie basin Monday
morning by C. D. Mower, official meas
urer of the New York Yacht Club, In the
rresence of a representative of the Re
liance. Lewis Cass Ledyard, chairman of
•thc racing committee of the New York
Yacht Club, notified Sharman Crawford,
vice commodore of the Royal Ulster Yacht
Club, to that effect in the following tele
gram:
Shamrock's Anchor and Chain Not
on Board Before.
MUST BE REMEASURED.
The wind began to moderate a bit, and
wise observers asserted that the Reliance
had half a minute advantage. When both
yachts were about a quarter of a mile
apart: and a mile and a half from the
turning mark the Reliance was ahead,
but considerably to leeward of the Sham
rock. They were southwest of the mark
and heading toward the Jersey- coast,
when the wind suddenly "shifted from
south-soiHhwest to south by west, three
points. Thjs placed the Reliance In a
windward position. It was clear luck and
gave the defender a distinct advantage.
The Shamrock III held on her course
toward the Jersey shore, and the Reliance
crossed her bow a Quarter of a mile to
windward of her. Both boatsHhen made
short hitches to the turning mark and
when the Reliance rounded it three min
utes and twenty seconds in advance of
the challenger the whistles of the < fleet
acknowledged her luck and her lead. This
Just about an hour after the start, when
the yachts had covered nearly half the
distance to the outer mark,' opportunity
was afforded to note how close the con
test really was. The Reliance and Sham
rock III were approaching each other,
with the former on the starboard tack
and havlnc the right of way. As they
necked one another it was a. question
which was leading. The Shamrock III
was forced to go about to avoid a collis
ion. One hour's work had given neither
the advantage. They held that tack for
twenty minutes. The Shamrock III sud
denly went about and the Reliance fol
lowed suit, only to see the Shamrock re-}
turn to her former coursA Plainly it was
Captain Wringe's trick to shake off the
defender, which must have been threat
ening to blanket the British boat. As
soon as the Shamrock III got clear of the
Reliance she laid a parallel course.
The Shamrock III held the' lead under
the lee bow of the Reliance, but could not
add an inch to it. Neither could the Re
liance, although in the weather position,
get past the leader. If Captain Wringe
luffed Captain Barr luffed also and one
seemed to be as good as the other at this
trick. If Captain Wringe gave his craft
a hard full and\ tried to run away from
the Reliance Captain Barr eased the
American boat a bit and went after him.
Boats and skippers were evenly matched.
BOATS BOW AND BOW.
Both got away on the starboard tack,
carrying three lower sails and club top
sails, the Reliance a baby jib topsail.
What followed was the prettiest, closest
and most hard fought fifteen-mile thresh
to windward that has been witnessed in
these historic waters for many a day.
For nearly half an hour they held on one
tack and during all that time the most
acute observer could not detect that their
relative positions had varied more than
half the length of either of them.
The cup yachts went trailing off to the
eastward for about five miles and at 11:10
a starting line was established between
the Navigator and the Unique and the
committee's tug signaled a course fifteen
miles to the windward and return. The
wind was increasing, when, at the flash
of the starting gun, at 11:45, both yachts
lurched across the line, the Shamrock III
four seconds ahead of the Reliance. The
official starting time was:
Bhamrock 11:45:17
Reliance 11 :45:21
A snappy southwest wind was blowing,
when, a few minutes after 10 o'clock, the
Shamrock III, followed by the Reliance,
reached Sandy Hook Lightship. At 10:30
the regatta committee's steamer signaled
that the starting line would be shifted and
the race postponed until later in the day,
because of a windward course southwest
would have landed the racers on the
beach off Long Branch.
SCENE AT THE START.
The scene at the finish jvas soul-stir
ring. Unfier her towering cloud of can
vas, rolling ry thmically in the swell, the
Reliance bounded across the viewless fin
ish line like a. queen. The excursion
boats gathered there fairly awakened the
echoes with the terrific din which they
let loose. Then the immense' concourse
of boats waited until the Shamrock, ma
jestic even in defeat, swept by between
the stakeboats. The reception she re
ceived was, if anything, more hearty than
that extended to the victor.
Turning for home her spinnaker boom
poised along the mast like a lance in rest,
fell to port and the big sail burst out like
a cloud, while at the same moment her
enormous balloon jib topsail bellied out
forward. The smart work of the Yan
kees cheered the crowds, but a moment
afterward there was dismay when the
guy that held the spinnaker pole parted
or was carried away. The enormous sail
soared and tumbled over the jib topsail
stay, collapsing like an empty mail sack.
But the spar was soon hauled back into
place, and then, with her Viree balloon
sails setting like plaster, the stately
yacht sped homeward before the wind
like a frightened deer.
The fleet remained to salute the Sham
rock as she rounded and then, with a jin
gle of bells in the engine-rooms, scam
pered away for the finish line to be In at
the finish.
In setting her balloon jib the Shamrock
encountered another piece of bad luck.
One of the stops would not break out and
the sail held for some minutes like a limp
rag on the stay. When both had been
Equared away for home it was seen that
the Reliance was making a runaway race
of it. With her crew aft to keep her-- head
up, she skimmed along the surface of
the water like a gull with outstretched
wings, leaving the Shamrock far astern.
The pace was bo fast that many of the
tugs and not a few of the steamers were
left behind.
YANKEES SHOW SKILL.
Suddenly the wind draped and hauled
a trifle to the west. The shift enabled
the yachts to head up for the mark with
the Reliance In the lead by about two
hundred yards. This was tho only thing
which marred an otherwise truly sailed
race. But from that time on the Reliance
steadily Increased her lead in the wind
ward work until she was three-quarters
of a mile ahead. As she rounded the outer
mark the whistles, sirens, bands and the
voices of the unnumbered thousands on
the excursion fleet swelled Into a vast
chorus.
The first few minutes of the thresh to
windward wero watched with Intense In
terest. Both were footing like mad. They
showed yards of their underbodies and
shipped a good deal of spray and some
solid wa^er forward. But after fifteen
minutes of sailing their positions had not
varied perceptibly and there was alarm
among the experts. Those who had ex
pected to see the Reliance walk away
from her adversary as a result of last
Thursday's showing were disappointed.
Shamrock hung on and in tack after tack
she seemed to be holding her own.
For thirteen miles the challenger and
challenged fought out the magnificent
duel sailing" between two lines of excur
sion boats as free from Interference as if
they had been In the middle of the Atlan
tic. All the time the wind was Increasing
and the whitecap3 were whitening the
waves. The critical point In the race came
at 1:40 p. m., a little less than two hours
after the start. The mark was less than
two miles away and the relative posi
tions of the boats were about the same.
Both were on the starboard tack, the Re
liance ahead but to leeward.
OPENING OF- CONTEST.
ward In the twelve-knot breeze, pound-
Ing fountains of spray from their bows
ana leaning to It until the water swirled
and bubbled under their, lee rails. The
crews were piled up along the weather
side to hold the great racing machines
up.
. Once around the mark - the Reliance
out her balloon jib topsail, swung
out her spinnaker pole and broke out her
spinnaker for a run dead before the wind
to the finish line. Whether her spinnaker
sheet parted or slipped from its fastening'
or the boom lifted was not clear, the
pole swung out ahead of her high in'o
the air and the big sail hung In loose
folds across her Jib topsail stay. For a
minute It looked as though she were in
serious difficulty. The pole was hauled
'aft to its proper position and her spin
naker began to do its work.
The Reliance was three-quarters of a
mile away wlien the Shamrock III turned
the mark and broke out her balloon jlm
topsail. The upper part of It refused to
break out and still hung in stops,, but
only for a few minutes. As with the Re
liance, her Bplnnaker, too, swung across
her Jib topsail stay and hung empty of
wind for a minute or more. When it was
sheeted back into position there was a
good sized rip in the leach of It pear her
masthead, and during all the run home
it bellied out loosely, as though Captain
Wringe would not give it a good full for
feax that he might lose it altogether.
During all of the fifteen mile run which
the yachts covered at a twelve knot clip
the Reliance steadily and persistently
crawled away from, the now hopelessly
beaten challenger. The smoke of the
scurrjing fleet almost hid them from the
shore as the Reliance swept across the
line and into a long lino of the faster
boats who had got there in time to see
the finish and to acknowledge. her victory.
Eight minutes and fifty-six second^ later
the plucky challenger followed her across
the line and received the salute of the en
tire fleet. . I - '
The summary (official):
Elapsed
Boats. Start. Turn. Finish. Time.
Reliance ...11:45:21 1:55:10 3:17:38 3:32:17
Shamr*k 111.11:45:17 1:58:30 3:20:34 3:41:17
Giving Shamrock III - an allowance of
one minute fifty-seven seconds according
to the measurement, acknowledged to
have been incorrect. Reliance would have
beaten her by seven minutes three sec
onds.. . -.
The net result of the race shows that,
barring the fluke Shamrock III had held
her own in the windward work and had
been beaten more than five and a half
minutes to leeward.
It is expected that the next race will
be sailed on Tuesday.
FEABS IN THE FLEET.
with the four seconds less at the start
gave the ¦ Reliance three minutes and
twenty-four, seconds clear gain.
THE SAK FKAKCISCO CALL. SUNDAY, AUGUST 23, 1903.
CUP DEFENDER RELIANCE
SCORES GREAT VICTORY
OVE R THE CH ALLE NGE R
Continued From Page 1, Column. 4.
23
NEW ADVERTISEMENTS.
THE ANT.
Facts About One cf Nature's Most
Industrious Creatures.
When trring coitips with all its walth cf
opening buds and n«"w flowrrs the ant in pre-
X«rins for a capon of profitable industry.
It conies out cf its •winter quarters" and lo-
catfH a n^w homo whore it can ttore away,
<5ur!r.g the hi»njm»T mor.ths. the sustenance for-
th** long winter days.
Just as industrious as the ant— but in a dif-
ferent way — are the countless. Infinitesimal
Kermis which burrow Into the ecalp and eat
away at the roots of the hair.
As they burrow away I»an(iru!T forme, and if
the germs are net all killed Haldness results.
Ntwbro't Herpiclde Is the only known rem-
edy which kills' the germs.
Sold by leading drucjrlFts. Fend 10c la
stamp* for sample to The Herpiclde Co., De-
trolt. Mich.
¥4- JEiilious
Vtti by Amenean Physicians r.earlv 00 year*.
Cleans and settles the stomach, keeps the
towels free, the liver .active; it aids
digestion and is "good for children, too."
SO*-, and * I . r-x riroy.-SH!" or by rnail f rcm
THE TAP.RAwT CO.. 21 '— «•' — « N-.~v At _
The only one of Schilling's
Be^t si^c
tea baking-powder cptecs
coffee UnToring extracts sod*
fn which you have no ad-
vantage is soda; no loss in that.
?t)r*-« grocer's; snimijti.-fc.
*DR^ PIE^CE'S REMEDIES. >_
Of consumption" is a remark of^en made
of a fleshy man. The remark expresses
the popular recognition of thc fact that
the sign of consumption is emaciation,
loss of flesh. On, / *gpi^
gain in flesh is a /C^ jF\
jing diseases are bc-'jg&^^jjaBBhk
pie with obstinate jBll_l?B_SB53fcl
and weakness, have WW^^alBHHMy
corded in ounces lltSSfciH
When there is gain |§§P \|pll
in flesh the wasting $*$£ Ufa!
Mr. Will H.Whitmire, «S___P*>«P*
of Arkton. Rocking* «^» G&r
ham Co., Va., write*: . "Our son contracted a
deep cold about the first of July, 1899. ant * had a
tern ble cough.' We called a doctor and he pro-
nounced it irritation of the bronchial tubes, with
asthmatic trouble, and he informed tne that my
son was liable to die at any time. He told me
that if ire could keep the bronchial tubes open,
he mightcuTz him; but after treating him several
weeks and my son growing- worse ail the time,
I concluded to try Dr. Pierce's Golden Medical
Discovery and .' Pleasant Pellets.' I had aeej^
several almost miraculous cures brought about
, by the use of these medfcines, and of course X
had wonderful faith in them. Ha used three
bottles of ' r.olden Medical DiscoWry • at home
and one vial of the ' Pellets,' and was then well
enough to go to West Virginia, taking a supply
with him. I am just in receipt of a letter from
him from which I quote : ' / am well and hardy
and getting very flesh v.' " *
The Common Sense Medical Adviser,
1008 large pages is scnlfree on receipt of
stamps to pay expense of mailing only.
Sena 31 one-cent stamps for the. cloth-
bound volume or only 21 stamps for the
'book in paper covers. Address Dr. R.
; V. Pierce. Buffalo." N. Y.
RacS way's
Pills
Purely vegetable, mild and rcllablo. Causa*
perfect digestion, compleU absorption and
healthful regularity. -
For the cure of all disorder* of the Stomacn.
Liver. Bowels,' Kidneys. Bladder, Female Ir-
regularities. Sick Headache, Biliousness). Con-
stipation, Piles and all -derangements of th*
Internal Viscera. 26c a box. At druggists or
by matL BAD WAT & CO.. Ntw York,
ADVEBTISEHEirra %
The Clothing
S to re
of the West
thc encampment of the
G. A. R. we, had several visitors
in the store from various Eastern cities.
They inspected all thc departments —
clothing, tailoring, hats and furnishing
goods. Before leaving thc store, many
of them expressed opinions to the
effect that they were surprised to find v
such a large establishment "out west."
They pronounced ours not only the
largest store of its kind this side of
Chicago, but the finest in appearance,
light, location and other features.
We further informed them of the
fact that ours is thc only establishment
in thc United States that makes all its
own clothing for men, youths and
boys and retails direct to wearer.
Our success is due to a large stock,
low prices, good merchandise and a
liberal policy.
Have YOU ever traded here?
Out-of-town residents should write for
our 64-page catalogue.
740 Market Street
:.' : \vA ' ;.'¦ " ¦'- ¦ ADVEBTISKMENTS. .
MANY PEOPLE s g CATARRH OF KIDNEYS.
y Pe-ru-na Is Invaluable in Such Cases.
A thc Kidneys. % THOMAS M.HlCKS. \ |!]S ~* ¦ wjl |||
Fred R. Pennell, pianist. Grand Opera that it has been of practical benefit to ! tj 'jijwi >__£P~=te^ /ll ', l|i|i|!i N I
House, Hot Springs. Ark., writes: a number of the men employed in the ' ! j (I ! |j\\^^ —^fc j\ M, \\ \\ I f,
''Two years ago I came to' Hot Springs street CT.eaning Department in the city 'li'iiliMT^ J/lk Will 1 '' i ' 1 '
to take the batha and be treated for o f Jacksonville. They are especially ex- !| I i|M^^ ! *==== s:^yi l; iiliiii l lii'lPi "i
bladder and kidney trouble. After spend- posed to the inclemency of the weather, i!L^_2^Bv. \ /KsP' 11
lnpr two, months here under the care of and a number who causht cold, which «fc-Z_Jfl»^SsL I
one of the moat prominent physicians later developed into pneumonia, kidney |dBp_||PBH^^p >^'—^P^BB^^^ '
nnd receiving little or no benefit, I was or liver trouble, were cured through the DMMHMPm^^aaP^^^BBoB___jBM a
persuuded to try Peruna. I had little U s»> of Peruna."— S. L. Earle, Supertn- aWfiSKflSStt «Hk I
faith In it, but after using one bottle tendent of Streets. ijMQrfrS^SpST^^v «5te!*c3rat^l
I noticed a marked Improvement. Three Mr. J. Brake of Petrolla, Ont., Canada, TOK«KjSKf8me*8ffi^^ " i8mwRlwm[ 3
bottles entirely cured mo. I can cheer- wr it es: t V^ w\^ vKSfr*3gB$ffS«\ fgjfflr/reiray *
fully recommend Peruna to any one ••po,.',. ,,..„..„ T hnrt „ -«..--« n ttnrk\_<^ _. ¦ rJ
afflicted as I was."-Fred R. Pennell. , *L OU r . > ea " ago l na^ ? severe attacK \f) 4S O^
Thomas M. Hicks, 1131 Thirteenth ° f Br 'sht s disease, which brought me < grp-'-,
street, Louisville, Ky., writes: so low the doctor Bald nothing more U.Li.tlARLc..
"Neglected colds, irregular habits and could be done for me. I began to take
overwork brought on serious kidney and p er una and Manalin, and in three months ?
'nL a med r wnn U Sson My my b sTomacrbe d came 1 was , a ma £ T COntInUed 8 ° heart ' s actloa *»* d * es « v « ¦**•». **h
entirely demoralized, a bad odor eman- e^ er slnce - ~ J - Brake - of which are apt to fall rapidly in this
ated from my urine, and I realized I was At tne appearance of the first symptom disease.
a- sick man. The doctors dosed me to of kidney trouble Peruna should be Peruna cures catarrh of the kidneys
their heart's content, but I kept growing taken.* This remedy strikes at once the simply because It cures catarrh where-
'worse. Then fortune brought Peruna to very root of the disease. It at once re- ever located.
my notice and I at once began to mend, lieves the catarrhal kidneys of the stag- If you do not derive prompt and satis-
I kept taking it for five months before rant blood, preventing the escape o* factory results from the use of Peruna.
I was completely cured. I feel now that serum from the blood. Peruna stlmu- write at once to Dr. Hartman, giving n.
I owe my life to Peruna, and will never lates the kidneys to excrete from the full statement of your case and he will
cease to be grateful."— Thomas M. Hicks, blood the accumulating poison, and thus be pleased to give you his valuable ad-
S.L.. Earle, Superintendent of Streets, prevents the convulsions which are sure vice gratis.
Jacksonville, Fla., writes: to follow if the poisons are allowed to Address Dr. Hartman, President of The
"I am a firm believer in Peruna. I find remain. It gives great vigor to the Hartman Sanitarium, Columbus, Ohio.
AJDVESTISSMSiNTS.
O The Photoscope Is Here
Stock Hf Thc Pacif ic ph <>toscope Co.
Cfl II FIRST IN THE FIELD.
a Share.. \J -Prospectus and flachines
On View
FIRST QUESTION— _£_!_• Via t IV tt .
What Is the Photo- VNt — —— ¦ "¦"¦""•— — *~
answer - it i, a B A Limited Number of Shares Will Be
nickel - in - the - slot fj ~~ ~~ ™"~ ~~~ ~~ ~~~ ~" ~" ~~~ """"" ~~ "~ ~ """^ ~~
machine for taking M. Sold at 75c a Share.
pictures autornati- — -^ —
cally. . >T^
"chTn? .^ESJSfV'. I I DiTidends of 2M Per Cent Per Annum
inches high by twelve Inches \a a
wide. A small mirror in front of __ — —
the case gives the focus for the 1 " f"
picture, and a push . button attached ....«.»«,» ,» -„„ _. «-,
to a cord operates th« mechanism. X"V NlflfPI - IX * THF • OT
Tho machine can b» fast^ed on the |L ~ mWlVEL " 111 * lllC'JLUi
wall or set upon a standard. A small stool J^fek !«--_. «.._»._..
with an adjustable seat la fixed in front fcr» T A If EC VAUU PinTIBF
of it. It can be quickly and readily set. J 1AAC3 IUUA IlvlUAE
and wherever crowds are assembled the
machine can make pictures. l •^^ IV T CCC THAV
The boldness of its conception and the masterly M . Ill LE33 1 11 Ail
manner in which this machine performs it* wondrous B »
duty excites the admiration of every one who seea it. »m4 1 U1VITTC
As a money-maker it win rival any of the novel \ iflinU 1 £..«•.••«•
inventions of recent times. It is so simple 'and
readily understood and withal posseses mo popular a result _____
that Its resource* are practically unlimited. To produce _f~^
within the limits of a few seconds, for a nickel, a perfectly a BV /aa
framed, handsome photograph, ready for instant use aa a Ja f 1 4UV
pocket piece, a boutonnlere or a gift, will insure its steady 11 W _ . .
popularity. Diolfn HM(T
Daylight or electric* lixht Is used for exposure. If th* ¦* -\- t - niaiiv UlUg»
place or time is not suitable for daylight work an electric light at- _____
tachment is used. On the front of each case are the following printed W*^^ a__
directions: !J ¦ °* a
Drop a nickel In the slot. Pull lever until nickel appears behind EL_« 0* Fr3Hcisco
the glass. Hold push button in your hand. Find your face In the it
center of the mirror. Press the button and get your picture In a mtn- ¦*»¦ ¦«>---->
ute. Sit still while the bell rings. , . ¦ *
Any person or child able to read can thus obtain a picture- In any position. jr^
with any expression desired, entirely unaided. The general average earnings |1
for machines throughout the country, where they are operated day and evening. JBL____>
is about $15 per day. _
t ' ' "^SANTA BARBARA, Aug. 22.— An over
charge of powder used to blast out a
hardpan basement In the Commercial
Bank block, under course. of construction
at the corner, of State and Canyon Poido
streets, caused much damage this after
noon. 1 Several tons of rock and dirt were
thrown Into the air,, scattering for a dis
tance of seyeral blocks in the heart ot
the business section. Several teams in the
neighborhood ran away and the Misses
Breslauer and, Mrs. A. C, Schuester and
Mrs. (irahiim were thrown into the street
and injured. Heavy timbers were thrown
a distance of several hundred feet.
Explosion ..- Causes Teams to Run
Away and Several Women . .
Are Injured.
OVERCHARGE OF POWDER
ENTAILS SERIOUS DAMAGE
'Death of a Noted Catholic Sister.
BAN JOSE, Aug. 22.-Sister Marie du
Sacre Coeur (Miss Emma Barry) died at
the College of Notre Dame last night.
She was 64 years *of age and a daughter
of Judge Barry, an early California law
yer, and closely connected to Barry, the
"father ot the 'American navy." Sister
Marie had the distinction of being the
first boarding student of Notre Dame
Convent, having entered the school Au
gust 4, 1851. On July 31, 1863, she entered
the novitiate of the order. She taught in
the .?: c . ade niy. and college for a number of
years. . and ; In. 1881 • -was made superior of
the Academy,; pC', Notre Dame at Ala
meda..'In 1S95' she' returned to the convent
here. , . ¦ '¦: ' .- {< '.-•••:
According to the story told the police
the highwaymen who held up a gambling
house of Brewery Gulch. In Bisbee, Ariz.,
a few days ago and shot two men dur
ing a running fight have taken refuge in
Juarez, where they have | matured plans
for a, raid on the gambling-houses on this
side Of the border, where many thousands
of dollars are . lying around loose. Chief
of Police Wooton after a thorough Inves
tigation gave full' credit to the "report
and with the aid of the Sheriff proceeded
to organize a posse and prepare for the
expected trouble. Should the raid occur
the murderous gang will meet with a
warm reception.
EL PASO, Tex., Aug. 22.— Every saloon
and gambling-house in this city Is heavily
guarded to-night and their interiors re
semble arsenals In anticipation of an at
tack, by outlaws, plans of which were dis
closed to the police. A score of well
armed men also parade the streets ln the
heart of the city, ready for action at any
moment.
Special Dispatch to The Call,
LOS ANGELES. Aug. 22.— An electric
car of the West Adams street line of the
Los Angeles Traction Company was held
up at the west end of Adams street at
11:10 o'clock to-night by two highwaymen
and the motorman and conductor robbed
of their watches and money. The car
was ready to start back to the city and
Motorman W. A. Salisbury and Conduc
tor W. M. Holton were inside making up
their tally sheet when the robbers en
tered, one from either end, and, covering
them with revolvers, commanded them to
throw up their hands. o'»V ;
The order was obeyed, and the robbers
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Gambling Houses in El
IJaso Are Carefully
Guarded. '
Relieve Motorman and
Conductor of Their
Valuables.
PORTLAND. Or.. Aug. 22.-C. D. Farle
man. who was killed ln the wreck, con
ducted a cigar ard confestionery store
«t the corner of Third and Yamhill
StrectB. He was 65 years old and was the
oldest living member of Portland Lodge
No. 42. B. P. O. & Before starting this
morr.ing he expressed his dissatisfaction
• t going, but he was urged to make the
trip. In the early '60s he was well known
In San Francisco, having been employed
ln various theaters there as a machinist.
miles por hour or maybe forty. All I re
member was a flash and the next I knew
I was being carried to a train of flatcars.
Some of the engineers who have been
down to the wreck have told me that the
crown plate dropped, ln other words the
engine blew up. I don't know myself
what h&pptned. The engine had been in
*rrvlo«> on the Northern Pacific eight
years to my knowledge. She was formef
ly in the regular passenger service and
««« thrro until the big engines were put
on thp road. I have beon working for the
Ni-rthrrn Pacific about two years as en
gineer."
Former San Franciscan Is Killed
•
Continued Frcm Page 1, Column 1.
MASKED THUGS
HOLD UP A CAR
DISASTROUS TRAIN WRECK
SAN JOSE, Aug. 22.— The officers of the
State Christian Endeavor Society were
tendered a reception at the First Baptist
Church this afternoon by the local En
deavor Society. They arrived shortly aft
er noon and held an executive committee
meeting. State President Major B.
White of San Francisco presided. Those
present were: State Treasurer . Weese
man. Miss. Anna Frazer and Edward
Newell of San Jose; President F. W. Reid
of San Luis' Obispo County, President
Alex Byrd of Alameda County, President
Mattlson of San Francisco and President
W. G. Crawford of Santa Clara County.
Rev. F. Patchel of Pueblo. Colo., was
elected State field ¦ secretary, and Miss
Sadie Tuthill of Los Angeles superinten
dent of Quiet Hours work.
• A banquet was tendered the visitors
at % o'clock by the Young People's En
deavor Society of the First Baptist
Church. An elaborate menu was served.
This evening a reception followed. All
the prominent church workers of the
cl:y attended, and the society's members
were out in force to welcome the State
offlcers. v.>. ; ."
then compelled their victims to leave the
car and walk into a field to a place be
yond the light from the car. One of the
robbers kept the car men covered with a
revolver while the other searched them.
They took the men's watches and from
Holton secured $14. They then ordered
the men back to the car, telling them
to pull out at, once. .
Both highwaymen wore masks which
completely covered their faces, and only
a partial description of them was se
cured. They were well dressed. "If they
were captured their victims admit that
they probably would not be able to Iden
tify them. ,
the Officers of the State
Society.
CHRISTIAN ENDEAVORERS
OF SAN JOSE ARE HOSTS
Tender a Reception and Banquet to
TURN SALOONS
INTO ARSENALS
ment: - - "li«HH
I am serving five yean for burglary. X hava
two prior convictions for the same offense. My
age is 20. Weeks before the outbreak Eld
ridge, who was my cell mate, waa asking ma
about the Mother Lode country. I told him
all I knew of the country about here. On th»
night of July 28 he said: "I am getting
away from here and I will take you with me.'"
I refused, as I have short sentence. He then
eald: "Come with m« to the Cape Horn
country and we will stick ur> a train." I re
plied that he could not break out and that I
would not go. I got oft the bunk and he drew
a knife on me. but finally let me go. Th«
next morning I £eard that Guard Kip was
likely to be killed and I tried to send warn
ing, but failed. Convict Woods kept his eyes
on me all the time. Since the escape I have
been assaulted once and slashed once with a
knife. They all think I played traitor and
will kill me If they can.
Grider has to be kept ln his cell for
protection.
Chairman Fitzgerald told all the men
that the directors felt kindly disposed
toward them and that they might hav»
shortened sentences or freedom. The di
rectors, held a night session., but trans
acted routine business for the most part.
They all want to. reward Guard Corcoran
for his bravery.
Director Felton said: "If the Stat»
won't pay that man's expenses at Taho«
for a week I'll do it myself."
An Inspection of the records showed
tha't Clark had eight prior convictions for
felonies.
John Martinez said:
I received a twenty-year sentence for fel
ony. I have served seven years and nin»
months. It is my only conviction. I woo:*
like to go free and could make a good living.
[ was bqrn In the City of Mexico. 1 was cloaa
to Captain Murphy's of flee when the other
convicts made their rush. I aaw their knives
and knew the men meant murder. I locked
the door when Chalmers dropped the key and
then rang the b»ll to give the alarm. Th«»n I
went back to the office. Cotter was covered
with blood and said to me: "I am killed."
I said: '"No. you'll be all right." I tried
to dress his wounds. Then I dressed Cor
coran's wounds. 1 have worked four years in
the prison hospital. Afterward I dressed Jolly's
neck, where Howard had cut him. I have
sever been reprimanded.*
It was shown later that Martinez had
lost the use of one eye in the prison ser
vice. He has been a model prisoner.
Charles Abbott said:
I am serving a life sentenc» for killlos
Thomas Dally with a penknife during a
drunken brawl In a San Francisco saloon. I
am a sailor and could make- a living- If free.
I was standing near the laundry on the morn
lng of the escape. I picked up Corcoran and
did what else I could to assist. I had a prior
conviction for robbery and served four years.
My age is 41. . •
W. II . Grider made the following: state-
knife. He isade me throw up my hands. "When
he turned I dropped to the floor, crawled under
• the desk and got out Into the yard. I inter
cepted Ward and told him to blow the alarm
whistle. I went to the telephone and callort
up Folsom. I told them what was the matter
and returned to the office.
I am servtns a twenty-year sentence for
forgery. This is my third conviction. I never
was ln Jail until I came to California, but have
been behind the bars most of the time here.
When I get out I will go East. I am a clerk
and bookkeeper by profession. I can keep out
of trouble if I get free. I was well brought
up, but when I could not continue to. live as
I had been In the habit of doing I made money
anyhow. When the outbreak occurred I was
in Captain Murphy's of flee. I heard the rush
and looked around to see Fahey brandishing a
I am serving a sentence for murder. I killed
a man at Colusa In a dispute over a game of
cards. He threatened me while my back was
turned and I shot once at him. t thought I
was defending myself. I have been at the gate
twelve years and never missed a day. The
morning "of the outbreak I saw the men crowd-
Ing and Theron was awfully excited. I heard
a chair fall and then some scuffling. I knew
something was wrong- and closed and locked
the gate. Yes. Yes. I would like my freedom
and could easily make my living outside ot the
prison. This is my first and only experience
behind bars. g >-'-•'¦';
O. C. Clark made the following state
ment: ¦.. ;.-.i. ¦¦.¦'
After testimony showing that Convicts
Clark, Abbott, Martinez and Casey had
actedj in a splendid manner on the occa
sion .of the outbreak, the directors called
them In to speak for themselves. All
of these men had acted with coolness and
presence of mind and, as the evidence
showed, probably without a thought of
reward. They were all somewhat abashed
ln .the presence of the directors and their
statements were secured only by contin
ual questioning, on the part of Chairman
Fitzgerald.
Joseph Casev said:.
The other members of the board agreed
to this view of the case, but all were
unwilling to censure the Warden or his
subordinates.
It Is ea«j- for a man to ait back in a chair
and talk of It when the murderous thugs are
not ready to blow one's brains out. Under the
strict construction of their duty the guards
should have fired, otherwise the convicts can
grab a number of offlcers at any time and walk
off to the woods.
Chairman Fitzgerald said
fled around the auarters of the offlcers
and guards to the back pate. There they
were permitted to pass by Night Captain
Dolan without using their dynamite,
which was carried by Roberta. Then th$
outlaws went to the armory and got in
side as the guard appeared with a rifle.
After arming themselves* the" convicts
took off over the hills, dragging their un
willing prisoner's. While Casey secured
the remaining- prisoners Clark called for
assistance by telephone and Martinez
rang the alarm bell. It appeared that'
not alone the Warden but the other free
men called to the guards ln the tower not
to phoot.
The directors felt that it was a ticklish
position in which to place men and they-*
were not ready to say whether the guards
should have shot at the group of convicts
and officials on the fateful occasion.
felon, "but I spent a week In jail before
I got back here and the lawyer there said
I had better keep my mouth closed until
I should be brought to trial. The District
Attorney informed me that I would be
charged with murder. So unless I am
compelled to speak I would prefer to say
nothing." ' ,
Fitzgerald said: "That's right, and we
will not compel you to answer any ques
tions." '¦ ¦
Then the party passed to the cell of F.
Quyada, a murderer with a life sentence
from Los Angeles. A dangerous looking
knife was taken from him Thursday night
in the course. of the search conducted by
the Warden and the guards. The weapon
was found after a careful inspection to be
a counterpart of the knives dropped by
two of tho escaped convicts on the morn
ing of the outbreak. Furthermore Wil
kinson claims to have other evidence that
Quyada made the weapons used to wound
the officials on July 27.
The convict gazed unintelligently at the
Directors, but said nothing. He is an In
dian half-breed, but looks more like an
animal than a human being. After a long
pause Director Wilkins asked, "What
were you doing with that knife?"
"Nothing," replied Quyada, "only -one
of them fellows told me that he would
kill me and I made the knife so I could
defend myself."
'.'Why did you not make a report of the
man's threat to the offlcers?'^ was asked.
"I did not think of that," .was the re
sponse.
The Warden is giving Quyada a taste
of the straltjacVet to teach him not to
make and conceal deadly weapons. The
canvas covering was applied to the pris
oner in the presence of the visitors and
he was left lying on the floor of his cell,
stolid and sullen. He Is obstinate and the
punishment seems not to trouble him in
the slightest degree. On the morning of
the escape ' Quyada was locked in the
prison by Convict Joseph Casey and was
nearly frantic with disappointment.
The directors then inspected the re
mainder of the interior of the prison and
found everything in satisfactory condi
tion. Several of the prisoners, with stories
of innocence and of 111 treatment, ac
costed the visitors on the way out and
all weTe accorded a hearing.- The board
then went into executive session again
Captain Murphy, Night Captain Dolan
General Overseer J. J. McDonough j'
Kip. C. Gillice and Michael Halloran then
told their stories of the outbreak and
their separate adventures following that
Incident. All agreed that the whole thing
occurred in an instant. . There was crowd
ing, scuffling, shouting; and blood-letting
and the convicts locked In prison were
yelling in excitement,, while the escapes
ROBERTS IS SILENT.
"You must excuse me," replied the
Guard Chalmers was on the stand after
the Warden. He admitted himself and
was strongly corroborated by others that
he dropped the key to the gate and
sprinted away from danger. Convict John
Martinez picked up the key and locked
the gate and then went to attend to the
wounded guards, Corcoran and Cotter.
Guard G. E. Jetef told hq,w he was
gathered in by the convicts near the en
trance to Captain Murphy's office and
then carried to the hill country as a pris
oner of the outlaws.
John Hlnters was the last man to ap
pear before the directors in the morning
and he went away without the $50 reward
he wanted for the capture .of Convict
James Roberts.
After luncheon Directors Fitzgerald,
Wilkins and Ray, accompanied by War
den Wilkinson, some guards and press
representatives visited the prison for the
purpose of seeing the convicts Seavls and
Roberts. The former, whose wounds are,
not yet healed, lay on a blanket spread
on the floor of his cell. As the door
opened he raised himself on his elbows
and smiled pleasantly at his visitors.
"How is your leg getting along?" asked
Fitzgerald.
"Oh, pretty well; it is better to-day
than it has been," was the reply. Then
he continued, volubly: "The doctor said
all but one of the shot was out. It will
get all right before long."
Seavis has convinced himself that he
will escape punishment for his part in
the outbreak and is quite content to be
back where he can eat three meals each
day.
When the Directors reached Roberts'
coll and the door was opened, the convict
arose and saluted the visitors very re
spectfully, although the guards have had
much difficulty with him since his recap
ture. He regards himself as a hero.
"Where did you get that dynamite,
Roberts?'.' asked Fitzgerald, alluding to
the four sticks of explosive carried by
the convicts on the morning of the es
cape. '
towers. The directors went inside the
armory and asked how the outlaws got
entrance so easily. . .
, "It was. this way," replied the Warden.
"The guard heard that the convicts were
getting' away and ran to the armory to
get their weapons. .The escapes caught
him as he was coming out. They had
dynamite and would have blown the door
down anyway." >
Governor Pardee and Secretary A. B.
Nye Joined the directors at this point,
having arrived by an early train, and re
mained with the party throughout the
day, although the Governor took almost
no part in the proceedings.. *
Accompanied by the Warden, the party
ot investigators adjourned to the house
and formally opened the session. The
minutes were read and approved, after
which several communications relating
to the parole of prisoners were read and
action postponed. Then a letter from Jo
seph Silverla was unearthed, in which
the directors were. asked to pay $700 for
horses Wiled and Injured in the Pilot Hill
fight and for another animal taken by a
pursuing guard and not returned. Sll
verla's team was the one in which tho
outlaws made their sensational escape.
The directors thought that a thousand
more bills Of the same kind might ap
pear and that it would be better not to
establish a bad precedent by the payment
of the first. So on the suggestion of Di
rector Fitzgerald it was decided to refer
the matter to Attorney General Webb.
i Silveria can w|l( for his money. This
will be the fate of all such bijls result
i ing from the depredations of the fugitive
I felons.
! Warden Wilkinson was then examined
j In regard to the outbreak. He testified
that he was In the office, and after escap
ing the knife thrust was marched off into
the hills at the point of a rifle by his
charges. He stated that had he been
alone he would have ordered the guards
In the towers to fire, but he did not feel
like risking the lives of so many of his
subordinates.
' The Directors asked some pointed ques
j tions regarding the management of the
prison, but all agreed that the outbreak
was made possible by a lack of walls
around the prison grounds.
Director Fitzgerald said if the Legisla
ture would appropriate funds for cement
and tools a splendid wall could be built
for $60,000 by convict labor. He asserted
I that other breaks would be possible un
der present conditions, and the other
members of the 'board agreed with him
fully. The Warden said if he had money
he could put the prison in such shape as
to make a big outbreak Impossible.
Wilkinson* reported that several of the
prison employes acted in a cowardly man
ner on the morning of the outbreak.
Guards Klenzendorf, Ryason and Chal
mers and Dr. Plant were given special
mention. It appeared from the statements
of majiy of the prison officials that the
worthy physician hit only the high places
In getting to a point of safety.
;;. ADMITS COWARDICE.
THE . SAN FB ANCISGO CALL, SUNDAY, AUGUST 23, 1903.
Continued From Page 1, Column 7.
INVESTIGATE
THE ESCAPE
OF CONVICTS
24
"JUST^GATHERED,"
The beautiful .fruit study to be
given 'awayl'FBEE with next
SUNDAY'S CALL,, will make a
handsome dining-room picture
if- framed closely in ebony and
ornamented burnished gold, size
10^x15^; ' .
Style=Beauty=Comfort
Are Dominating Qualities in Our
LADIES' KNITTED JACKETS
Latest Design and Stitch
Men's 'Sweaters and Jerseys
STRICTLY UP TO DATE
LINEN, LISLE, SILK OR WOOL
Form=Fitting Underwear
FOR MEN AND WOMEN
Bathing Suits k b&7)k(fr .jl-
YOU CAN RELY W.D.W |/I^WC/
On our goods.* They are KNITLFTINGCO
made right, fit right and 60 Gcory St. San Francfsco
priced right j Open Satjrdays Until io p. m..
, «• /-..,, «-. r . ' coi.vrnv ounnns receive prompt attextiox. \ \ T . \t «i« «t e' V n
India Silk Waists i~ |g |pfe|N<^ti^^i^jtogsi
A grand offering. These A J pn & ' ' / MU!^^Wy/^M ¦' hibit of Automobile Bags -in all the
waists are made in beautiful JJ JJ M * JL&jd/1^/&&ljOtf&& a^JL*&1 'S$sA ¦ popular shades of blue, red, gray,
trimmed with dainty laces and fine shir- ¦!»>" J^w^m^^ l^^^9(A the very latest effects in wrist bags,
ring: lace collars and cufTs: also hem- G3^<^ iffi« .^i arnnuuwg^B^^^^* and priced . -
v lT." n^\^o i- $2.00. $2.50. $3.00, $3.75.
AN EXTRAORDINARY EVENT: BLACK AND COLORED DRESS GOODS
THOUSANDS OF YARDS OF THIS SEASON'S POPULAR WEAVES AT ALMOST HALF PRICE. \
ONE of the greatest Fall and Winter Dress Goods Sales ever held in this city will start here to-morrow morning. . . .It will prove an event
of the utmost importance, for right at the openin g of the new fall season we offer the fabrics that Fashio n has decreed to be correct for the season
1003-4 And we offer them at prices that merely represent the cost of customs duty Our New York buyer secured every yard of these 1
goods from an importer, who, rinding himself financially embarrassed, was obliged to sacrifice a large part of his importations in order to secure
ready cash We had the cash — thg goods became ours — 12.000 yards of the new season's finest weaves, including Zibeliries, Venetians. Broadcloth,
Panamas. London Etamines and all the other finest fabrics that will be worn^during'the fall and winter. ...Every new shade sanctioned by the fashion
creators is included in this magnificent assortment, and now is your opportunity to choose from this enormous stock AT ALMOST HALF the pre-
vailing prices. .. .Judge the economy of this sale by these items.
52-Inch J 52-Inch Imported '56-Inch I 46-Inch
English Alpaca, Ail-Wool Zibeline, Novelty Zibeline, English Broadcloth, London Etnmine,
48c Yard. J 83c Yard. $1.50 Yard. j$i'.45 Yard. 95c Yard. , .
Resrular value $1.00. fl Regular' value $1.23. Regular value $2.25. Regular value $2.50. ' I Regular value $1.50.
Colored Dress Goods. Black Dress Goods.
C\C\~ A ALBATROSS-AH wool, double width, light weight, soft • £\ j ENGLISH ALP ACA-Coarse mesh Sicilian: extra heavy
T/Vf C Vfl material that has that popular clingy effect, in all the lead- *+CiC Vfl weight rich lustrous black: made In England; a quality that
•*" v «7 Ing shades. Actual value 45c a yard. Sale price iJJ)e •/ will give superior service. Worth $1 yard. Sale price..... ..48c
QO/-» **tA F NGI 4i§. H AXPACA-In the very desirable metallic dot ef- £%P-r _ _J VOILE KTAMINE-AH wool, light weight sheer niaterial,
OWC VU. f * cts " Th 1 E^und colors are navy black, cream and red A K7Q Vfl. warranted perfect black fast dye? a fabirlc much used for
vv^ J w * most popular material actually worth GOc yard. Sale price. .30o w * w J **• early fall suitings. Regularly sold for $1 Sale price ...G7c
yU. fabrlc wm be extenslvtirwoW Regularly 75c. Sale price.. 48c i i C }TQ. ffi^^^^WrtftiftL* The ."KV™. "7%
89C Vd E ™&^adL^X^ CklZr* 1^ t ETAMINE-An elegant open mesh material; rich
v -* c/w ' J**» inps. a!so black. Sells regularly for $1.25. The sale price.. 81)o t/uC VQ«- sllky black - warranted fast London dye: has that desirable
CkO A NOVELTY ETAMINE-Sheer openwork material, fine and J coarse net effect. Regularly sold for $1.50. Sale price only.. 05c
»JrtC Vfl coarse mean effects ln dotted and dash designs: all new styles £% f\ _ « ENGLISH CHEVIOT— A superior all-wool quality, thor-
•/ and colorings. Regularly worth $1.50 to $2 yard. Sale price... iISc Oc/C yfl. oughly shrunk and sponged; extra heavy weight} will give
OO A ALL-WOOL ZIBELINES-Splendid "weight, beautifully fin- * most satisfactory service. Regularly $1. Sale price? (JOc
OOC VU. i^hcd materials; the very latest fall effects ln all leading *7Ckr> ALL-WOOL ZIBELINE-Silk finished, lustrous material;
J shades. Sells regularly for $1.25. The sale price 83c lYjC Vfl the ' ver >' latest black goods effect in a splendid weight for
C\ ""^ A PANAMA BASKET CLOTH-All-wool material in entirely •/ tailored suits. .Regularly sells at $1.25. The sale price 7J> C
C/OC VUi ? pw weave : splendid weight, well suited for tailor-made ef- qq j CREPE DE PABJS-Soft. clingy silk and wool material in
r\ 7 •/ fects; numerous new colorings. Actually worth $l.oO yard. VfclC Vfl a rich black; the most popular material for fancy dress wear.
Sale price j)5 C r VV7V J v * # Regularly sells for $1.50. The sale price -. 98c
<£i SZCi *tA IMPORTED NOVELTY ZIBELINES-The desirable <tv | •,#-•'• « ENGLISH BROADCLOTH-Extra heavy, warranted all
ti>l«OU VQ. , cl0 , s , e , CT aP *£*?• ma »2 Ifl cent Quality; rich _ silky finish. $K | <q.£\ Vfl. wOcl - fast London dye; has an elegant finish and
j; n . ~\ r ln aI1 leadlnp shadt> s. with dot and dash designs. Worth „ * is the ideal cloth f or tailored suits and coats. Worth
£»-.¦¦ Sale price .S1..*>O SS.fo. Sale price 81*45
NEW FALL SUITS, COATS AND SKIRTS SURPRISINGLY LOW PRICED.
THE FINAL OFFERING WASH SUITS AND WAISTS.
Women who are fashionably Inclined, yet prudent purchasers, find in our Suit Department shopping: satisfaction, for not only are we showing th* npw fall styles of suits
jkirts anil coats, but w* are ofTcnm? the advance shipments at less than the name articles would row cost us in the Eastern market. This year our suit-buyer was weeks early ln reach-
ir* the njanu.artiirins centfrs. and he found lanre e<«tablishm<>nts willing to take orders on a na-row margin In order to tide them over the dull Eeaaon The benefit of the Rood
purchase we did is now yours, and you will b^noftt by it by buying before our later orders arrive, because then prices will n-cessarlly be higher
marked «"cU-»nd^ rna n y 0 "Lf a t n e ce" 0 I es. OU than na cos°J rerin ' f ° f ™* ™™'* hish ' clAsa ™ h g£ * kIrts and walsts - whlch takes P lace week. Every suit, skirt and waist la
New Long Jacket Suits, efeftk IMMENSE VALUES
Worth K2.S0-32-lnch silk lined Jacket Suits in <n-\-) r{\ >>iM^*£jif « 2£?/2 fc "{''-V ' - ' ' . .
black and white, pray, blue and preen invisible J)/S Jll V >%S3^V\ 111 L f% § 1 AI ¦ 1 .111 ¦ Jl
mx.?. •— !— :. -«^^ im jggp wash Suits, Skirts and Waists
New Fan Styles Suits, JM^%&jMi^ %/„.. m, ¦ ««/ •. * •*
Worth SG.<«-The n^ir long skirted Mouses C01 Cf\ W^r/^i^K XH-5?H VeTy litlOICC W3SH ollltS,
Sample Suits and Broken Lots, rmWuSffl iMfll W&&S^^SIMmiSS
Were 525.00 and $30.»>— There are only 53 suits &> + i-i i r Jl /3u " \ v\ 7 : : f 4i, li etnllrl, ii/..i, O..!*-^
fn this lot. Blouse and jacket styles In chev- \1 /.AS 1,, I* 4l$\W\ AW vlitwi otVllSll WQSll OUJlS.
lots, homespuns and etamines, in black, blue y * ' *^ J \\\ ••:•.: A/U»-^\ . / A\ \ \ $:I VM , <» X 7 _¦¦*¦*>¦¦ vmivo,
and brown and three shades of grav. Great value at. SI T.4.*; (I . .f-rj I- ',"V't1''V^VA / ./ V\ V. V'A r '7/ . Worth ».). »»O and SO. .10— Pretty designs in <t»-y (\ r
oi..-».» i, ( .i UJ^MzrgA fjf :\\IW ¦% cheviot,: chambray. lawn and linen ln the ]VVVS
Ptwtnwi- r*lrk*-N Ctwcnt- f**\*\4-c w\i £\Y'&~*~%&/ 4 ilZlnj ¥' mos t popular styles and colors, neatly tucked T^. ¦* . w
WJVCrL OEUtiE l>0rS6L bOdtS, ¦- ii^W\^^^\£<2ujW' and trimmed with stitched bands: pearl buttons. Now
Regular $li. 50 value— In tan shades, well made <T»*1 if /[ \fer T A'' yWM "" ' 83.05
?lf r isiaS' ii^ c< sSd a ' i vS^r^ n 2pS?/ 1 « MmMMzmM white Pcrs ' an Lawn vvarsts,
1 ""*" ' /^^^'vS^-^'-A ' '^W Regular $4.00 to $7.00 vaiuea-Made of the' fin- V^ r»r-
Dlnnfy Ptsmitin t\fncc Ol/icfc /^'- •' Vr 4;^^ r '--"V'cvV\\ ''".'!,''')&* est q 111111^ Persian lawn, hacks and fronts of JSZ. V^
DldCK ttaminC UrCSSoKirtS, /-^>1"H ;^ 4 A^VV ; HV>'; « 3aln^ v embroidery and all-over tucking: fancy W* 0 * ' **
: 7 io : T e - " m ,- *^ 4r ' I; * jM^^^^K White Victoria Lawn Waists, |
Latest Styles Black Dress Skirts, tw.WffilS^^^^v Regular $3.00 and $4.00 &?£Lib& O f a su . Y nr
th. ™£ ]^%^ inC In i 1 1 A AS V: i%^teml^$^ S%i^r^^s V^n o^\r^^ea^ V^k^: 5 1
P^atV°A-W^d J oVr^Tt «i a 5°5 a -- Ji4:»4j JZ^^^^^==^^y^^ stylish beeves and fancy cuffs. A very superior value at
p. tax?, a f,,.cnu.a o..enng at M4,4i> ~ • — • —^r-c^_.?*" " the reduced price «¦« <>•?
Exquisite Embroideries Low Priced. A Sale of White Petticoats.
I6C Yard &Sj^Sm^S^^^^!~^^^^^lii^ 98C ffiffiVffl^l^^ trImmed W ' th laCe ' «" bro " 5^ •««» hemstitching: regu-
43c Yard ° to 12 gp $1.50 K^^sH'^ wlth three row " Norm »' ndy VaI and torl
59c Yard %&?&%£^^ $1.75 ?^ med WIth daInty French and open * mbrold -
ATVEBTTSKBCENTS.
New Velvets, $1.35
Over a dozen totally new patterns In
tapestry velvet carpets from Alex. Smith
& Sons. Two tone greens, two tone reds,
Persian blues, scroll and tan parlor effects.
The price, $1.35 yard sewed, lined and
laid, is the lowest price that can be made
regularly on this line of goods by ANY
successful carpet store.
And when we say that $1.35 is our
price, we mean that it is our ONLY price
'. on these goods. We allow no commissions,
no discounts, no "rake offs." We want
business — want it bad — want all we can
get; but we want it only on the basis of
"one price to all," and that price a fair one
for both buyer and seller.
(Successors to California Furniture Co.)
957 to 977 Market Street, Opp. Golden Gate Avenue.
THE DOCTORS WHO CURE
SAIM FRANCISCO'S LEADING PHYSICIANS and EXPERT SPECIALISTS
SWE TREAT AND CURE
CATARRH. N«js« and Throat Troubles. Nervous Dtseasw, Kidney
and Liver Diseases. Bladder Troubles. Heart Disease. Diseases of
the Stomach and Bowel?. Piles, Fistula anj Rectal Diseas*<, t'emj >
Complaints. Chronic Diseases of Women and Children. Rickets. Spin.
•1 Troubles. Skin Dlseaies. Deafness Asthma. Bronchial and Lung
Trouble*. Rheumatism. Hay Fever. 'Neuralgia. Hysteria. Ear Dl»-
eases. Goitre or Bis; Neck. Vartcocele. Lost Manhood, etc. ; Blood
Diseases. Prirate Diseases. Scrofula, and aU forms of Nerrous ani
Chrcnlc Disease* (that are curable).
OX7B MOTTO: A low fee.T i£fcigBZS&J%_
(luick cure, mild and painless lr ¦sijs&fi&pS
Consultation in person or /?*. *"C§SSbeSw&
by latter fre* to all. Call or £&» *^S|§f.
Lr. A. J. Shorn. jj Wrrlt *- ; /\ $>VLpj
HOME CURES BY MAIL £L r jf
• Do not despair because you live at a distance from thecity. Drs. / ><^v£S|&i«
Shores' new system of HOME TREATMENT makes It easy to K«t
.expert advice and treatment at home. Their n«w symptom blank flP' JcTSw/Ty/'
covers every symptom of disease which enables them to dla<nos«v yf/p- W&Qwffjyi
your cose and tell you what your trouble u. what can be done for ftjr
you. arid what the cost of a cure will be. WRI TE If you cannot *^T "»SC">«V'
call for their new symptom list and take advan tsire cf the FREE >^Pu35'»'^ ¦
EXAMINATION. Whether you take treatment or not, the ad-' «_Aw*«i.
vice costs you nothing. Dr. 8. w. Shtnt.
WEAK. MEN PAY WHEN CURED
or'dSe^^^^^ -^A^fflKs^Saj^
WF ta^ANi O Ti A T R A E I^ H^) VERT PERS ° N P.SenrtvT'VoV.er'uV
W We W h a N vI ™o£n"L?°-,kni In curln, WANT TO CURE YOU^«h .«£««,«,
CHRONIC disease, by publishing; the many « « e7ou Thl, S to"
voluntary testimonials from home people. fEE J«"J* Weakn ess? Ur-
glvinr names, picture, and addresses. }SSJSS^JSS£ SSKV'S.
We Cant Publish Our Cures In Prostate Gland. Unnatural. Losses. Gonor-
p r |.,, f . ni.».... rhoea. Gleet. Stricture, etc.: Contagious
private Diseases. Biood Poison and all weaknesses «t
Because It would betray confidence. Henea . men. _____ '
we have to prove our skill ln thi« class of OFFICE HOURS : 9 a. ra. to 4:30 p. tn.:
troubles In another way. This Is our plan. Evenings 8:30 to 8; Sundays 10 a. m. to 12.
Drs. Shores &. Shores, Expert Specialists, 933 s . n M F £ n t cl £rc- LProminent Lumber Dealer Dead.
WATERTOWN. Wis.. Aug. 22.— Colonel
J- K. Knight, one of Wisconsin's most
prominent lumber men, died to-day from
%a affectioa of the throat, aged 65 years.
Explosion Kills Three Men.
TORONTO. Ontario. Aug. 22.— The pack
ing-house of the Ontario Powder Com
pany at Tweed, Ontario, was blown up
to-day and - three men were killed. The
explosion broke many plate-glass win
dows In the town a*-* •- lured buildings.
BLOOMINGTON. III., Aug. 22.— A spe
. :al from Mount Pulaski to the Bulletin
Kays that Constable Cassaway to-day
captured near there Frank Smith, who Is
Wanted near Lexir.pton. Ky.. for the al
lowed murder of a United States revenue
officer and who Is also charged with mur
derously assaulting another officer so that
df-ath almost resulted.
Kentucky Desperado Captured.
Honolulu Attorney Accepts Chair
HONOLULU. Aug. 22.— H. A. Biglow, an
aitomey of this city, to whom was ten
dered the chair of criminal law In the
University of Chicago, has accepted the
office and will leave shortly for Chicago
to assume hrs duties at the university.
Mr. Biglow was formerly an associate
professor at Harvard, of which institu
1 Aon he Is a graduate.
Postmaster commissioned: Washington
— Alva L. McDonald. Baird. Fourth-class
Postmasters appointed: California— John
H.- Grimsley, Woodville. Tulare County,
v!c<» Louis L. Hunsaker, resigned. Wash
ington—Robert Olanfare, Bay Center. Pa
cific County, vice George W. Brown, re
signed.
WASHINGTON. Aug. 22.— Postofflces
<".iscor.tir.ued September 13: Oregon — Ax
tcll, Lincoln Count}-, mall to Waldport.
Washington— Romo, Whatcom County,
mail to Whatcom; Roxwcll, Clark Coun
ty, mail to Hockinson.
CHICAGO, Aug 22.-H. P. Ricketts. ed
itor cf the Memphis Scimitar, was found
ccad In bed at the Kaiserhof Hotel here
to-day. He had been ill for several days
and his unexpected demise is attribut
ed to heart disease.
MEMPHIS. Ter.n.. Aug. 22.— H. P. Rick
etts. associate editor of the Scimitar, was
widely known in newspaper circles
throughout the South. He was born in
Louisiana forty years ago and served on
r.rwspapers in different parts of the coun
try until the Scimitar was established
fourteen years ago.
Of Interest to Pacific Coast
Memphis Editor Dies.
CINCINNATI, Ohio, Aug. 22.— The
Times-Star announces to-day that Gould
has secured valuable terminals and an en
trance into Cincinnati for the Wabash
over the Chicago, Cincinnati and Louis
ville Railway, which is about completed
into this city. It Is also stated that nego
tiations have been closed for traffic ar
rangements over the Louisville and Nash
ville road into Louisville from Cincinnati.
Gould Secures Terminals.
ST. LOUIS, Aug. 22.— By the sudden
lurching of a rapidly speeding Creve
Coeur car In rounding a sharp curve
Judge W. J. Pollard of the Second Dis
trict Police Court, Miss Stella Chadwick
and Miss Xellle Chadwick were thrown
from the open car to the ground. Judge
Pellard was internally injured and may
die. The two ladies were severely In
jured.
LURCHING OF CAB, THEOWS
PASSENGERS TO GROUND
Louis Police Judge Receives In
ternal Injuries That May
Prove Fatal.
Mystery of Chicago Man's Disap
pearance From Michigan Village
Is Partially Explained.
CHICAGO, Aug. 22.— A special to the
News from Walloon Lake, Mich., pays
that the body of Attorney Albert W. Bar
num of this city, who disappeared mys
teriously several days ago at that point,
has been found.
Barnum, who was a son of former
Judpe W. H. Barnum of Chicago, reached
the village of Walloon last Wednesday
find employed C. H. Rice, a boatman, to
row h!m to his cottage across the lake.
,,1'he boat was found later at its moorings,
V>ut Barnum had disappeared. Rice Is be
ing detained until the mystery Is solved.
ATTORNEY BABNTJM7S BODY
IS FOUND IN A LAKE
Th« Pennsylvania is provided with a
twin screw, vertical triple expansion en
gines and boilers of the Xicklause type,
which axe required to develop a mean
cpeed of twenty-two knots an hour for
four hours. The engines are estimated
to develop a collective Indicated horse
power of 23,000. The contract price for
the bull and machinery of the warship
is $3,780,000.
Under the towering prow of the Penn
sylvania was erected a platform from
¦vrhich 2300 specially Invited guests wit
nessed the launching. • From the main
stand rose a smaller platform, upon
which stood the christening party, includ
ing Hiss Cera Quay, daughter of United
States Senator Quay, the ship's sponsor;
Senators Quay and Penrose, Governor
Pennypacker. Mayer "Weaver, Rear Ad
miral Sigsbee, U. S. N.; Rear Admiral
Melville, U. S. N., retired; Cnarles H.
Cramp, Edwin 8. Cramp and a cumber of
ladles.
On the main etand were assembled the
beads of the various Navy Department
bcreajos. Captain Alexander Boutlkoff,
Russian naval attache; Lieutenant Com
tnander I. T&lcashlta. Japanese naval at
tache; Cfceldb Bey, Turkish Minister to
th« United States, and Lieutenant Com
mander Sabrey Bey and Lieutenant All
Bejr of th« Ottoman navy.
After the launching the guests were en
tertained at a luncheon.
PHILADELPHIA, Auff. 21— An occasion
wtilch ¦will he memonbl* In the history
of this Stata transpired to-day, when the
plant armored cruiser Pennsylvania,
r.aaed bx the daughter of the State's
senior Senator and political leader, was
launched at the yards of the William
Cramp £h!j> ana Enjine Building Com
pany. Tn« maldea plunge of the formid
able addition to the United States navy
was witnessed by one of the largest and
most dlstlEffulsiied assemblages that has
ever gathered *_ Cramps" shipyards.
More favoratle ¦weather co-Id not hav«
been desired, and the Cag-bedecked sea.
fighter gliding down tie ways, greeted by
the acclamations of thousands of specta
tor* and the shrill blasts of the myriad of
river craft, was an Inspiring scene.
A Distinguished Assemblege
Sees the Great Vessel's
Plunge.
Cruiser Pennsylvania
Is Successfully
Launched.
QUAY'S DAUGHTER
CHRISTENS SHIP
THE SAN FKANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, AUGUST 28 1903.
25
THE EMPORIUM. | THE EMPORIUM. I THE EMPOBIUM.: | : THE EMP^BTUM. -j- -I THE EMPOBIUBL J_ _____ T^ EMP0B:nrM:>
| New Fall Styles in Women's ial^ e Goo^^ M<kl t Tel^ one Will^ B < s ™ tc: °' D - Trunk Dept., Needing More Room,
| Wearing Apparel Now Ready m ji^ * • Has Been Moved to Second Floor
I Safe of Gamma Baskets &n^^^^C^^^y/^^^^^^^ Beautiful Spachtel Pieces 37o
£ Monday only — Six sizes of thc genuine Gamma baskets, the neatest baskets M M M M^V^y WT 9^m^V^jSrJr ,, NGW TetieHffe and Battenberg DolJIeS
»,* maac for shopping, lunches or traveling, at a third under every-day 'prices. Tfll |r^P M ' A ' c "' " a6ftre< f- : jr m— _M"^^^ I • ¦', , . . „ , . . --, , „ c r c-j i_ j
X . rr £ _,« , . \-« vk*i-"-w i ..Tmiiiii U|illWll— . 2000 pieces of the prettiest of Spachtel and Tambour Bureau Scarf3, Sideboard
ft," acetic .... 19c 4.0c sue .... 29O 60c size .... eJ-BO • ¦ naw IPTITPffi^i " TTiHiWr^ . £_¦:,: _ • , • t- li /-v t>mi oi. i_ r j i_
i 3 ici«. . . 22c 5°' « : «- • • 39c 70c tht. . . 59G *^™S»»^ BB^AMERlCA'S GRANDEST.STORE. Covers, Table Covers, Pillow Shams, etc.^the scarfs and bureau covers
*" - . . .-T ..-¦ ¦":.- 7 ; ''':.. : , X ° Z 54 inches — the shams 32x32 inchej— a season's samples of the most
it; Untfei m yifCai* mm Extt m a ValUCS A never-ceasing effort to satisfy in, quality, in price and in ser- attractive patterns/ worth from 65c to $1.00 each; Monday *&^F*%
I Ladies' Jersey-Ribbed Wool Mixed Vests or Pants SOc— High neck, long vice is a notable feature of California's largest, America's Grandest and Tuesday . ... ... .... ..... . . <¦> M <U
t,| sleeves; pants French yoke bands, natural co'or; an exceptional quality; store. It is our desire that every customer shall be so pleased, SO New Hand-made Battenber^ Squares— Tcnerlffe Dbilles— Those new *pecimen$
J" cach • • 50c satisfied with the goods bought, the ; ; price paid and the attention Jj n^ T^J rk^ ndsorae eclmeat with drawn-work linen centers and whed-
J* Ladles' Unshrinkabte Wool Mixed Vests and Pants 75c— Natural color lamb's received that he or she will always think of The Emporium as the 9 i\ iqc'L, '.^^o W °a+x74 inches $1. 65 Eke Iace b ? rder *—
k' wool, well made and finisned, sizes 30 to 44, each . . . . . . . 75c headquarters for dependable merchandise— a shopping-place 1 6xI 6 mche * 6B0 18x54 bch« $2.BO 6x6 bcie * • - 25o txX facie* . 65c
»; Children's Heavy Fleece Lined Bibbed Cotton Vests, Pants'and Boys' Drawers— Where for every dollar expended you receive the fullest value in lS * liiach «85o i8x 7 ainch« $3. SO 7 x 7 inche. . . BOo laxxainche. 75o
J. Nat jral color, sizes 18 to 3+ inch, per garment ....'.. . . . 25o return. • ¦ ; ' " All kinds of 'braids, threads, rings and 'designs for Battenberg Work'
\ New Autumn Suits and Skirts First Big Sale Fall Clothing
I Notable Productions Most Reasonably Priced Begins Monday, August 24
J • Never yet have we been able to make such a .- =*-^^^fine display of Fall styles before the first of Sep- Bought hundreds "of SUitS of 3 ±*~*~ •"***» » v great NeW York manufacturer 3
% tcmber. We have not waited to bring the ' \ garments here by freight, but have rushed f eW Weeks agO— NeW Stylishy^ " f abnCS, CUt in the fashions that
j 'em forward by express. Styles are^^ *S^kgT^ % absolutely correct in every detail. Rich , men will Wear this Fall and yVQs /^v \Winter— allthat We COUld get
I long-skirted, Coat Suits in abund, Wvf^ flW^. The most favored ot the Fall modes at the prices.which average / fW '\ a third less than regular,
v Suit $14.95 0 mm -u^ 7 Dress Skirts and to-morrow begins our / JLJ ii W . \ first big sale. Next season's
a Made of pretty novelty check mi- ' V We are prepared with the seasons Mrrnpn^ cnpri^l c^Ip 0 • Jrttviv ' a mnnth h^fnrp thp cpa-'
\ terialin medium brown, gray or/* rflTlfc&X^k^ ' \ bat in W«ck and colored . ©re«, garments at Special Sale / <3Q\ /-^W\ Ni • ? ill t w MS
S green effects-skirt coat with waist '? f[[ I //% J\i \W \ Skirt, of such fashionable and most Son fairly begins. InVCSt- /,;/ \ .>^?\ f f /\ \\ IgatC OlCSe fiTCflt OflcrfngS.
J defined by leather belt— having/ A I / JJS^VXj " '• demanded materials as Cheviots, $t2.5O 3ttd $15.00 a L 1 f. * <[ \ /J L',-^1 I \ $17.50 and $20.00
i even length, unlinei skirt. Com- p TvL^ T^/^^V -^Serges, Etamines, Voiles and Stilts ! l^J I - /) \ / fl '*M ' V SultSm
h pare them with the b;st $ 18.00 , l/yT^vA^C^J^O^ ".Broadcloths. Some are uniined, _#ft_j»*^^^* fl \ / " /^l/sid •»*^^ S \\- *?H<G43 P** if^l
V Walking Suits you've seen and fl // / \ / 7^f\ .others have mercerized or silk i&SSaOG • V /T* !. ill CT J^ tl
% then manrei at 77/tf Emporium » /./ / \// l\ Q drop skirts; prices from $5.0010 |) \/§ ' \\J\\ * \^\ '*¦
f 5I4-95- ) // ' \f if U!^ /^ l /KlJ • $25. oo,and every garment guar- . £i ther single W • ' L/\ ' ¥ VSA \ ( J More than haIf a
«^ Stf« $19.75 ' Fl \ fH'/-- Oanteed best possible value at prices Eimer b ! " 8 » e or • y~X T __^ir KyK_JU 0 o f these stylish single or
I' Made of fancy mixtures io I /( \ I \ \ II ' / '? {charged. double breasted Sack ,. / / 1 \ \ /double-breasted sackcoat
J mannish effects. The 36-inch* / . \ I |V\ ' • Short Skirts COat Styles, in a great V/ / / \ \ T ¦ / suits- /kj^ manufactured 'for
I j straight front, coat-back top gar- \ / jj /J fcpi\^C / New beauties just in from New variety of Fall, 1903, worst- V " / > / # /^ , I \ I . I Fall and Winter, ipo S ; fine
V ment is iincd all through wirhhsiv/ * A j/uOl _^r S I ¦ V V * VorW- latr«t novehv materials in j t-^- • */// rh/ 1 / \l \ I ' * . Jr . . -
** twill ittin lining The skirt ii evi-n \ %^ / York, latest novelty materials m ed cheviots, cassimeres • / // § tfl)(J > I \\ ¦ . ¦ - i /fancy worsteds, unfinished
twill satin unujg. 1 he skirt u even % 7/T^< — * A \ \ V^w * mannish effects in gray, green, tan , ' , . I / / U U I £ \\ \\ fl ; i . . '
S; length, o-gore, unlined and flaring \ //• / \ \\ \ \X /and brown effect,;, also solid colored and Scotch mixtures; every * // | // /£ \\ /worsteds, cheviots and cassi-
J. bottom. A J2 5.00 creation for Fall *// / \ \ V^~^/ ¦ colored fabrics in black, blue, brown, fabric in the lot most desir- //, 11 U Wn / meres; some of the best fabrics
»i wear. The Emporium price $19.75 I I \ Vj) / gray and Oxford, at such prices as able; the most of the garments\J/ T \| \ ! l^^ # made up for the Coming season.
* Suits $47.50 \f \r~£y /14. 50, $5.00, J6.25, 57.50 up to $15 hand-tailored throughoutfall made \f' : \JL iL/ V*l/ Remember the styles and patterns
v Two views of this beautifal costum: arc '^v-U^>^ xr'^ Waists with the view of selling them as\^L J^r J^ are this Fall's and Winter's and the
ij shown in the illustration. The suit is a reve- Charming creations in the new black and extra good values at $12.50 and $15; N^ *^- J»' suits were made to sell for % 17.50 and
j lation original ideas successfully applied. It » colored Silk, Crepe and India Silk such ss will be a bargain that cannot be duplicated in Cal-^-•«»r^ P f20.00. Your choice, beginning Monday,
made ot fine Panne Cheviot Suiting. The handsome worn this fall and winter. The styles arc many and varied, ifornia at our special sale price, "nine-fifty." at our special sale price, "eleven-fifty."
K blouse frock coat, splendidly lined throughout with change- and all of the dainty evening shades will be found in the o-»#^. _x rui~~.9^ t~^»..»« m » ii • j. c r-tin'+j. n j j _x *-Z.-
I ,bl e Taffet. .ik; the unlined skir: has a min. In brief, it is a reguar * 55 collection. Price, range from | 5 oo. J6. S o, $7.50 to 1,5.00, and * a/ ° ° f Men'S TrOUSerS—\n large Variety Of new Fall Patterns, Well made and perfect fitting,
ft? perfectly tailored suit for which The Emporium price is . . $47.50 are much lower than ycu would expect to pay for the styles and qualites. regular 53.00 Values, during this Sale •' SI. 95
I Tapestry Portiere Bargains I Sales Towels, Linens I Beautiful Haviland China
I ees _l_., *£ Styles— a Third Saved An event j- linens that should command the attention of and a batch of Crockery Specials
i f.'^T^f^TV^nf" Advantageous purchases from Several thrifty buyers Who Will appreciate gOOd linens little Just received some new style Haviland Dinner Sets, among them the
I lliiii pr uT en i manufac | u f rers h f ave re : ¦ priced. The special offerings are for three days only. W0M3M 7 dCC ° rati ° ni * W:
VFSiX-ffiimtil suited in the accumulation of a great v v -„ Ar , ro , X ,1,, ,*,„. act ' oo P lec « 12 persons -
S feVi ¦;,¦* cfnrU' nf nnrhiprpc. whirh Hemstitched Table Cloths — Fully 45c and 50c, for the three days, . $37.50 -^S^^^w
I W&^WZM StOCk Of attraaive portieres WhlCh b!cachcdf fine G . rman damask> full you r choice.. 28O Set 52 pieces for 6 per. A /^^-^^X
$ tr?)i-- --T < ;>C A!| We are enabled t0 0 "er yOU thlS .hemstitched, every pattern new, a Fine Towels — Heavy real German 8£ >ns : . . "\A /W'
5 t'^jj •• ' : 'i't^ii Week at « third less than regular— p. 50 lvalue, Monday, Tuesday and , huckaback, hemstitched, 'all white or $24.00 J|L_ j£M[ (if "*^* _^<_!x^^
fc - |j>l>,'! ..:¦ :,. •'"#$_..; you've never had a larger variety or . Wednesday, each . . . .$1.78 co '°" d borders, 22x44 inches, uni/?i^^ \fe ri^T-%'.T\^^^
i WM/Mm better StvleS tO ChoOSe from at Lunch Ctoths-Fringed German linen, worth S3.75 dozen-sale price /(5=fe /'\f^ fit
« KM special sale prices:- ; MfMlSl^lS; <^^ > €fflP &H
K ! >' • 7-.. t V4.7; $L75 Portiere — 36 in. X3 yds., fringed on both * days: , , ,. t ...-t , .^. | r ;^t v - than mill would produce them for
g traSSa 4" : -i^4ii ends, beginning Monday, pair . . . . &ti m 18 Jfl.2C, 8-4 size for .... . 86c to-day. Maviland Dinner Set— (Three pieces jhown in illustration), heary dead gold handle*, dainty
*' 'iplr^^ j^' : -l,.)i\ ! iP j t Ho , „ ,, , , „ . . larender and pink flower decoration, the rich new Russian ihape.
J" i \W*2-& -V-j 3 '"\n^- i 5^ 00 Pnr»pro« AC in. X ? vdi.. heavv overthrow 8-IO sze for 98O Lot 1— Fully bleached, fine weave, «ize 23x52 . .
*: 1U||2&^M $4.00 Portiercs-Heavy Oriental stripes, fringed, iull * work thc othc 7 r damagk «t«i of | 3 jo , dozer , .ale^ pnee each 2fO Umogts Cup, and Saucers-Set of 6, German Steins -8 jn. tall, «tal corered,
* Tjy^ 1^^-^^^^^ size bepinnin? Mondav Dair <fc^ OO ¦ F , , ¦ . , , _, . , _- Lot 3— Bleached, nice y hemmed end«, close regularly {2.10, Monday and Tuesday . .- raised figure decorations, instead of 75c, for a
g jWWw«Sg*«4 81ze ' Dcginmng monaay, pair. . . . &^ m *J& ncat ] y hemstitched, and instead of weave; a * 3 . 00 per dozen value, each f£o ...... . . ...... $1.33 days. .......... . . 49o
%' $5 00 Portieres — Heavy rep effects, in four best colors, beginning Monday, pair Cno#*/'»# l/aluoc in R*>rlrlinn Cut Class Oil Bottle— Genuine brilliant prism Cake Plates- Fine French China, enpid dec-
fc . *>.w mucrcs j r z> ' O/ICCfai VSiUeS in DBUaing . pattem cut) reg _ 524£>> f()r ad ays$lf.O5 oration, regularly 98c each, for* days £0 O
j." ' 9viilO Bleached Sheets— 81x90, carefully hemmed, . White Blankets— 6 teet wide, 5 lbs. weight; ¦ ¦-
v $6.00 Portieres — Extra heavy, full size tapestries, 5 colors, beginning Monday, .....».' BOo exceptional value, pair $3.25 if_ni/#»'« J7Vt»i#«9i**«a ffifr*
J Pair 4? #7 A Bleached SheeU— 54x90, ¦ carefully hemmri, Very Fine Blankets-72.x86 inches; best Au»- B-OVG S i%GVCriG, MOG
ik 1 ,"""*, *, v^«oo ' . . ... . . 37Vzo traiian wooi ; pair . $8.4-5 Thp biff sonp hit at Fischer'*; sunc hv Amh^r and Rlakp*
»• 57.00 Portieres— Heavv mercerized imitation sik, same on both sides, sac White BIankets-10-4 size; 4 lbs. weight Fine Comforters -An extra $3.00 va'ue for l " e UI f b , Un g '"or ,u[- 8 1 Y Am ? e . r a " Q Di aKe,
f price pair ... . '. . l §4.88 »!««>« au wool; fancy border pav, 5^.15 $2.35 regularly here 25c; all this week, special at f5c
I" Novelty Trimmihgs~Fall 1903 I Qorrect New Millinery |
X __ , . . r .iijr i i ri_r-,it Ready-tO-Wears—Zibelint and camel's hair felt; in all the popular co!ors and newest effects; just the thing to start the season with be-
* You can now select trimmings for your new fall dreis from an almost complete assortment of the new fall and , fore purchasing your new dre« hat; prices from.. . . 9So to$3.BO
J. winter nove'ties. There are: Thc Popular Cowboy Hat — Best French felt; tan or whit.- $2.85
* Fiber Laces in all rolors; Wool Laces in tfack and white and combinations of color; new Oriental Lace effects; jailor and Ready-to- Wear Hats-ln the newest correct sha F e3 and f.n materials ••..•. S2.OO to $5.OO cach
tk nucr wt» » "w»i "»**». , . . ' wtiwmoi "»^c » Trimmed Dress Hats— In the vsry smartest new Fall designs; iht earliest showing of the correct makes for the coming season . .-. .
»: Black SilK Applique Laces; Persian Applique m richest co.onngi; black and iridescent Spangle trimmings; Pearl Me- $4.45 to $25. OO each
J. dallions; drop ornaments etc. etc. ". - A Dainty Poke Bonnet— Of Z : bsline trimmed with velvet and wings; a most attractive early fall style * $6*85
| Fall Silks and! Prices like these tor the best of Furniture and The New Neckwear
% Dress Goods Gar pets completely solve the Domestic worn by the Ladies
i Big assortment of the Fall and Winter, Economy Problem M- nv of ° th *^vanrpd F^l Jvi^ h*v*
K ion? foKrirc raoAxr fnr wnnr smnrm/si— .3 . ¦ ** iviauy oi me .aavaucea ran siyies nave
g 1903, fabrics readV tor your approval a These Roman Footstools- That can be used for Thl*f**» Smail arrivpH hv P ynr P « within th/ n^t t^
5 few of them briefly tod of be ow. No NjfV>*~_ JJ> v * ¦ «- r ¦'¦ * A r -a a m mmtrw . %9mBm€mma arnvea Dy express wiinin tne past tea
| San Francisco stor^an or will offer you Lots of Carpet S They.make. dlsplajr well, worth
g better values than these: . Chair)( eithergoldenoak eatlieredoak '^^^.iL' seeing..
* Corkscrew Silks— A pretty new soft ribbed effect weave fox -evening Ml \t ?A or mahoganv finish uoholstered with good #l * ¦ "^ r ff aM " rTiUBS Fancy Silk and Chiffon Stocks and Jabots, in en-
$ wear, in ni'e, blur, pink, rnals and red, per yard .... $f.OO M\\§ \$v$| Or manogany Iinisn, UprtOlSiereajVlingOOU patterns of each of these tirely new lace and Persian effects, $ 3 . 5 o, Sj-OO, __*___^___,
V Canvas Silks-Another new weave, ccar.e like c.nv«, will wear well, /f^r&2S3S^S^3\ SOlldCOlor Of figured Vei0UrS,;,Q JJf» linci are Vft SO these d«D CUt DricCJ $2. 5 O,$I. 75 *^ ... '. " . .' . $1.25
£ make pretty and serviceable shirtwaist,;- color, cr.am, light blue. <7 W^ Mondayaild Tuesday, Only. • . l«es are left, SO these deep cut^ prices k Sto , cs and Ca EffcCtsT^g^ with
jf brown, royal and red; per yard 9 1. 25 Iff Yj ' ' ' , tO C '° SC m We Will line ribbon . black only 56.50 to $10.00
x Crfpt-Oiga— Anew weave eimiiar to Bengaiine, only much soter and /# V| Finely Finished Dresser— Made of beautiful and lay them at the sale price all Russian and Point Venise Lace Stoles and
Ji more lu.trous, for street and evening gown-, all new colors, per g p| quarter marked oak, the serviceable thisweek- Collars. $3.OO, $4.OO to S8.5O
j. W^^-^^^^^^^^^&^^^ - ? golden color, full svveU front, handsome 6 patterns best quality Wilton A Fine Line of Ostrich Feather Boas.
tc choice color combinations, wiii make ee.ant shr.waUs, 3 grades, per pattern plate mirrors of generous size . . . .... . . . $47. ou Velvets, regularly d^G O7 —^ ~~" ¦-—--—-—--—--—————
*: )"i $2.OO, $1.5O and $1.25 Other Siyies Dressers $11.00 to $r 27.50 $1.75 yard, for . *PBm& M Bl^fSt SHEf &foffl*f*Z
I Seeded Taff aa -Another new .h,rtw a «t ..ik, aU ,oLd cokr, p.r 6oldcn Qak ChiUonier-To match the J 27.50 dresser, 5 roomy drawers 14 patterns fine quality Brussels K9l*iUn <"'M dfJIfrid
t 36 y and38inc"hTw«d^^^ and hat box, full swell front- ¦ .. . Carpets, regularly 51. 10 Q^n Some of the new styles in Fall Petticoats
J color.., vard soo Without mirror, only. ..... . $22.50 yard, for . . . . . • **-*** have arrived. There are many new
%- 44-inch Zibeiinei-New silvered finhh effrcts, y.rd. . . . . .75© With the mirror, only • • • • • • • • . . $27 .50 6 patterns Tapestry Brussels Carpel, ideas in flare flounces accordion and
\ SaaSSaS^ ta "" m M §1 P^5 Pl^ci^^ * jw-. %*«& -<• S>liatK hemSings °an" 1 "uck-
$ 52-inch Scotch Twteds- Homespun effects, per yard. ..$1.25 See Our Colonial Design Metal yard, for • . • . • ******* incr<; ThP <HrK wp arp nnw rp^v tn
a; Foreign Novelties- a big variety, per yard Beds for Fifteen Dollars The Emporium belongs to no "Jp 3 " »"cai\nia wcdic uuw icduy iu,
g . .$3.OO, $2.50, $2.OQ, $1.75 and $1.50 Solid Oak Rockers^-Wide arms, cobbler seats, beauties, only. $3.25 Furniture or Carpet- Combine. Show are made Wide and full, _ and
£ ---^ _,-. Dressing Tables— Twenty-six new patterns placed on our floor this week, We make our own prices., .We beautifully finished in every detail.'
5' BOOKS antt StatBOnerV one pattern, pretty French lines throughout, in either Golden Oak, r.ave the largest and best assortments They are priced:
$ C*.~~ffof i/o/»oc #_»•• *h*% Woolr Mahogany finish or Birdseye Maple, for. ... . . . . . $13.50 of Carpets that we have ever owned _ y «f/l Cf 9 Rt%
I x- £fr! f ? • v r «m h , ? XX~ Other Dressing Tables from-- • . > , . .$ro.oo to $ 97 . 5 o . -Bigelow, Lowell and Smith Axmin- 95.75, 98.75, SW and $12.50
I TypcwrittaflPaper-Lettersize i^boxof 500 sheets. ffffo HanW Medicine Cabtaets-In Weathered or Golden Oak, well finished. sterV, extra quality Wilton Velvets, M~ n > c wr~U #009
*; Cash Boxes with Yale lock and two keys— ¦ handily arranged inside shelves '-.•• • ...... . $3.25 Body. Brussels, Tapestry Carpets, Wool ¦ men.8 rail, I&U&,
* lt C X' ' ' 6O% \m' lot iTinch.' ..fSs Clothing Poles (proper name Costumer)-A strong, good looking one in -Vcvets. etc., all at positively the Underwear, Hosiery, Etc.
$ 9-inch." .' '. 7Oc n-inch! ". . 85o 1 6-inch . .. i.SO different woods, at. :-.'.. • • • •¦ . • . • .... . . . $3.25 lowest prices. -r* v Men's Sanitary Natural Wool Undenrcai — Wellmade
I C^XT-BoxofTte^shape- • • 1o2 We do not belong to any Furniture or Carpet Combine.
I i^ll^piiiiiili New Automobile Bags Hams, Liquors, Etc.
$ : trations and maps; two volumes; published at „ ,t, , - ' • , r , . - • V . Special Monday and Tuesday Men's Fancy Lisle Hose— Jacquard weaves, lace stripe
£ S 10.00; this week the set .- • • • .$2.75 c 3°"y lc8 jait arrived of.th.s cs^SbB^aB^t Eastern Hams -Very best, ib .. . ... ..... ..•J3 3 Ag and ¦ figured effects, . also very fine black socks
i Siberia and the Exile System— By George Kennan; two latest Eastern fad:— ; »I^B Royal Baking Powder-Pound cans .... . 40o with white feet, per pair . 25C
$ volumes; published at $7.50; this week.. $3. 75 Saffrin Leather-Red, : blue and green/ Bji tHi* WS^S^T' ' * ' M.UorCarrnel 6 pairs for $1.40 '
J Bismarck s Aulobiojjraphy— Written alter his retire- $ilk lined, containing purse to match ' Grape Nut*— Force cr shreddsd whrat BUcuts, » packages . . 2So Men's Fall Neckwear— Smart new styles direct from
% ment from office; two volumes; published at $7. 50; e# nn . -. « t o _ S^^^^^^' Kona Coffee— Fine Hawaiian biend, ib ... . . We Gotham's leading manufacturing haberdashers.
*: thisweek $2.5O ' ' ' *'' uuana *M -?»^^^ffi '^ Sh « r^» r Angelica- Gallon .. ........ . SUOS f our -in-hands, ;¦ Imperials and Ascots, very newest
% Dvmas' Complete Works— 17 volumes, bound in red SafFrin^Walrus or Seal—New shades;^^^^^^. e -" $ !^^. S^^r feoV.' % '£/;$£2o colorings and designs, each SOc
* Tu Cl ? thtiO r T ' i/iJ :¦••' ' • '• * ;• ' ' 1 V V^?o?5 ; chain or leather, handles/ moire silk '^« (!^* 5 Champion Whiskey -| Bm]e > ,. $IOO ; ! V; *\ ,J 5o g $ i|ljhtshlrl$— Good white muslin or cambric,
J* JJ^^'^P^Worki-ioTiwi., bound in ei^^ liniD ¦¦ # .$U75.$3. $5 Cherries in Maraschino-Botti= . ... . . . .;. . . . . 2Oc wash silk trimmings with orwithoiit collar cut
» Northward Over the Great Ice— By Peary,, a vol?., regularly $7. 50, 6 wm* v,, W, v«*, ' - f Quarts dozen S2.2O wasn SHK Ulininillgi, Wllll or wuiiuut tuuoi, tut
J for . . . . .$1.75 Full size genuine Walrus . .... • > • >$4kOO A - B - u Becr " |&s, 'dozen .'.'.'.'. . . ..".'.'. $1.40 extra long, and full, each .. . .-. ? . ? 5UC'BOSTON. Aug. 22.— It Is estimated more
than 20,000 employes of the American Woolen
Company will bo Idle next week owing- to tha
closing down of a number of mills."
DOMESTIC PORTS.
PORT BLAKELET- Sailed Aug 23— Bent
MIndoro. for San FrancUco.
WESTPOHT— Sailed A«J« 22— Stmr West
nart for S*n Francisco.
FORT BRAGG— galled Au« 22— Stmr Acme,
for San Francisco.
TATOOSH — l*awed la Aim 23— Schr Mary n
Foster from Honolulu, for Port BUkeley; bktn
Kohala. hence Auk 9. for Chemalnua; stmr
Fan Matfio. hence Au? 19. for Tacoma; schr
Helene. hence Auk 5. for Port Hadtock.
Passed out Aus 22 — Schr Maweema, from
n&llard. for San Diego; stmr Portland, from
Seattle, for Nom«.
ABERDEEN— Arrived Aug 22— Brtf Lurllne,
fctnc* Aus 3.
Late Shipping Intelligence.
NEW YORK Au$. 22. — Supplies for tha re
lief of the sufferers from the recent hurricane
on the Island of Jamaica wer« shipped from
this city to-day on th« steamer Barnstable.
Much Interest has lately been aroused
in London by two surgical operations
which have resulted In a marked, change
of character In the patients. One was
that of a boy of good family who had de
veloped strangely brutal instincts. .; A
clever surgeon examined him with care,
located what he considered the seat* of
the trouble, removed* a piece "of the skull
and thus relieved the deforming pressure.
/The lad was restored to his parents ; a
normal and lovable child. The other
case was that of a soldier who, after an
injury in a skirmish, developed a propen
sity for theft. An operation on the brain
cured him. " •
Ireland's great astronomer, Sir Robert
Ball, has Just reached his sixty-third
year. It is true that he has been astro
nomical professor at Cambridge for a de
cade, but he remains a thorough Irish
man still. His career as an astronomer
dates back to 1865, when shortly after
leaving Trinity College, Dublin, he was
placed in charce of the famous private
observatory established at Parsonstownj
Kings County. Ireland. When the pos
sibility of signaling to Mars was under
discussion he pointed out that If a fjag
of the size of Ireland was waved from
a pole to match. there was just a ghost
of a chance that an astronomical Mar
tian might perceive the ghost of a flutter
on the earth.— New York Commercial.
No Chance to Signal Mars.
"The negro has no doubt been jj mis
treated In many ways; possibly he has
been lynched occasionally for an offense
he did not commit: he has been deprived
of his political rights' now and'then per
haps; his pretended friends have forced
the responsibilities of citizenship upon him
beforo >he was able to wear, them: Bpell
binders have caused him to conjure with
the foolish dream of^equallty, and all
that kind of thing," Bald Senator Money
of Mississippi tho other day at tho. New
Willard, Vbut theso grievances are small,
indeed; they aro mere trashy nothings
when -compared to others to which I de
sire to address myself | for tho moment.
Of course, I cannot say how the negro
feels about the things I have in mind,
but it seems to mo that they should be
inclined to offer some kind of show of
resentment. The negro has individuality.
It is striking:, even' poetic. In some of
its respects. What is sweeter than-char
acteristic negro melodies? Split up Into
ragtime/ syncopated, drawn and haltered,
its natural beauty is marred. The. negro
dialect is . rich. • musical and ;* limitless In
both. comic and poetic possibilities. But,
my!, my!, if there is. a letter in, the Eng
lish i alphabet for which the negro ' shows
a pronounced preference it is tho letter
Senator Money Tells of Some of Them
and of Other Charac
teristics.
PECULIARITIES OF SPEECH
OF SOUTHERN NEGR0E3
Seating herself by the side of the lad.
she said kmdly: "Oh. my boy. wouldn't
your father be dreadfully pained if he
saw you smoking that cigar?"
"Rather think he would," responded the
twentieth century young man. without re
moving the weed from his mouth, "this is
one of his best cigars."— New York Com
mercial.
A kind hearted woman saw a small boy
seated on one of the benches In Fair
mount Park at Philadelphia the other
day, smoking a cigar, which she after
ward told a friend, seemed almost as bis
as himself. This woman is an enthusias
tic anti-tobacco worker and never loses
an opportunity to impress, especially upon
youthful minds, the evils of using tobacco
in any form.
One of the Old Man's Best.
'1.' This Is notably true in the negro's
use of 'is* for 'are.* Aealn we find him
leaning toward the thinner sound of 'a,'
as when he will use 'am' instead of 'are.'
the 'a' in 'am' coming nearer the sound
of T than the 'a' In 'are.' 'Gwlne.' the
negro's word for 'going,' and, by the way,
a word of splendid euphony, infinitely
sweeter and more musical than 'going,'
is another illustration of the black man's
preference for the sound of '1.' So, too,
'ain't' and 'isn't' are constantly and per
sistently used by negroes Instead of 'am
not' and 'is not,' again showing the ne
gro's preference for which I have called
the thin and sharper sound. Did you ever
hear a negro say ah for I? Well, per
haps you have, but this is the rare ex
ception. The negro generally sounds the
'1/ and sounds it thinly instead of broad
ening it into the sound of 'a.' For In
stance, Ts gwlne' ia a very common way
the negro has for beginning a sentence
meaning 'I am going.' The expression as
a rule is thin and sharp— Ts gwlne." This
peculiarity of negro speech la not only
overlooked by the Jingle builders who
have flooded the market with ragtime
songs; the dialecticians who are seeking
to preserve what beauty there is In the
language of this Interesting race by giv
ing the negro a lasting place in the lit
erature of the country have fallen Into
the same error.. Rob the negro of his
peculiarities of speech and change tho
character of bis music, and you take from
him all that is humorous, poetic and all
the finer emotional shades, all the tints
and colors which run the wide range be
tween light-hearted, comedy and the deep
er "shadowing of the tragic." — Washington
Star, _ .;¦
Indian Basket Materials.
Collectors of Indian baskets agree in
conceding the greatest beauty of form
and design to the products of certain
parts of California. As yet, though, the
source of some of the material Incorpo
rated in those exquisite pieces of handi
craft has been a mystery. C. Hart Mer
riam supplies in Science some Interest in
formation on that point.
One color of which much use Is made
is a buff brown that grows richer with
age By careful selection a handsome
\ dappled effect Is secured with It. This
material, the Indians told Mr. Merriam,
is the root of a marsh plant, which they
travel far to get. After a long hunt he
! obtained specimens and a California
botanist identified It as "Cladium maris
cus." The eplit root is wound around a
foundation of yellow grass. For black
the Indians use the root of the brake
fern. Red is generally obtained from the
redbud tree, the twigs being gathered
after the autumn rains. Another red, em
ployed by the Kern Valley Indians, is
sometimes called "cactus root." Mr. Mer
riam has discovered, however, that It is
the unpeeled root of the yucca. The plant
Is found in the upper part of the Mohave
Desert and reaches over the Sierras Into
the vicinity of the Kern. Here, again,
there is a variation of tint which permits
beautiful shading with a single sub
stance,
Blacks are produced In the Death Val
ley by the eplit seed pods of the "devil's
horn (martynla) and the root of a marsh
bulrush. By burying the latter in ashes
it can be made to assume a brownish or
purplish hue. In the Colorado Desert of
California black and orange brown are
secured from the teaf of a desert palm.
Either in combination with yucca root
or alone the bright red shafts of the
wing and tail feathers of a woodpecker
give striking effects.
In parishes where the population can
not sustain a church school tho children
of Catholic families attend the common
Bchools, under an arrangement with the
educational authorities that there be no
religious education during the regular
school hours. After the school is dis
missed the children may be taught relig
ion by members of any denomination who
desire to use the schoolbouses for' that
purpose, but attendance Is voluntary.
That is the Farlbault plan, which was in
troduced In 1892 at the town of that name,
and has since been extended very gen
erally throughout the Northwest. - • • ¦
CITT OF MEXICO, Aug. 22.— Pedro Alvara
do. the famous mining- magnate of Parra, is
not dead, as has been generally reported, but
is In good health. It Is not known how the
report of his death, which gained wide circu
lation, originated. :
TRENTON, N. J.. Aug. 22^— A receiver has
been appointed for the Citizens' Ice and CoM
Ftoratre Company of Atlantic City. Assets,
S75.W0; liabilities. SS2.000.
F0L60M, Aug. 22.— Convicts Antone
Keuches. with a year to serve; Wong
Gow, four years to serve, and Ceranlett,
seven years to serve, were paroled by the
Prison Directors late to-night.
Convicts Axe Paroled.
VIENNA, Aug. 22.— The Turks consider
the insurrection which started in the
sanjlk of Kirk-Killsseh to be connected
with the appearance of the squadron off
Inlada. The Insurgents, it is stated,
burned from ten to twenty villages and
destroyed the telegraph wire between
Adrianople and Klrk-Killsseh.
Caused the Insurrection.
Appearance of Squadron, They Say,
TTJTLKS BLAME BUSSIANS.
In matters of tho law the physician is
"a layman," and may therefore err in
judgment, as we find even tho best ln
tentloned of our laymen do as to medical
ethics. In spite of the caution this
thought gives, one must feel something
like a shock at a recent decision of the
United States Court of Appeals. Previous
decisions had established the precedent
that no insurance can be collected on the
life of a man executed for crime. One
by the name of Burt was executed for
murder, but it was subsequently demon
strated that he had not been guilty of the
crime. The family claimed, in view of
his innocence,/ that* tho lifo Insurance
company should pay the amount, of his
policy. The court has decided against the
claim, "even If the policy makes no pro
vision for forfeiture on that account."
This appears a capital Illustration of add
ing Insult to injury. The law's Imper
fections permit an innocent man to be
hanged and then refuse his widow the
little justice of the money of his life in
surance policy! We allude to tho matter
less to criticize the law than to ask for
the wide publication of the name of the
Insurance company, which can bring it
self to illustrate a "low-down" meanness
that no. American business man should be
guilty of and which should not be left
unpunished.— American Medicine.
A Strange Ijegal Decision.
Private information from Budapest de
clares the Emperor is not ready to grant
the army concessions demanded by the
Hungaian Diet.
gary because he la tired of the
continual political struggle. Both Aus- ;
trian officials and the Hungarian opposi
tion deride the reports, the latter believ
ing them to be spread by tho Government
with the view of Inducing tho abandon
ment of the aggressive attitude of the op
position.
-¦p^ ERLIN", Aug. 22.— Rumors are
«_i/ again in circulation of the pos-
sible abdication of , Emperor,
" Francis Joseph as King: of Hun-
Francis Joseph of Austria
Soon May Abandon the
Kingship.
RULER WHO MAY SURREN
DER THE SOVEREIGNTY
OVER HUNGARY.
The late Dr. William F. Poole, who had
charge of Ithe Chicago Public Library,
declared that many clergymen had, as
regards books, an imperfect appreciation
of tho laws of meum tuum. He had
found ministers more remiss in returning
books than any other class of men. He
dhi not intend to reflect on a noble and
sacred profession by charging the . dere
lictions of the few upon the many, but
he believed the truth about the matter
should be told. He had had unpleasant
experiences with men of that calling, who,
after stealing books from the library, had
removed the book plates and library
stamp and covered the^rivolumes . with
heavy paper, carefully pasted down In
side the covers. This statement seems to
be borne out by thd record of the Union
Theological Seminary, at New York, in
Its dealings with ministers and theolog
ical students. According to the librarian's
report, the seminary Irtis lost. a thousand
volumes, 'taken out and not returned.
This, of course, included what were
charged out. but could not be recovered.
The long history of the Mercantile li
brary of "Philadelphia furnishes many
strange cases of this form of petty lar
ceny. At a certain period in the some
what checkered career of this time hon
ored institution a number of valuable
books were missed from its shelves, and
means were taken to detect the culprit.
This led to the discovery that the thief
was a physician In the most respectable
rank In society, and more than fifty vol
umes were found upon the shelves of his
private library and recovered. Other ex
amples of kleptomania in persons of ac
cepted social position have astonished the
custodians of this library from time to
time, but the means of preventing such
thefts has not yet been discovered.
It may be gathered from these many
cases of library depredations that they
aro very common, that perpetual vigil
ance is necessary in order to guard the
books and that in nearly all cases some
form of punishment would be wiser than
pardon. In many cases of detected theft
strong appeals are made by tho. culprit
or his friends to save exposure by public
proceedings. These appeals are commonly
made not so much to avoid paying fines
imposed by law as to avoid the disgrace
attached to publicity. It is probably true
that in the majority of cases such in
fluence has been strong enough to over
come the determination of the library
authorities to let the law take its course.
Unfortunately, the consequences of such
leniency seems to encourage the extreme
ly lax conception of the sacredness of
public property entertained by so many
men and women of to-day.— Philadelphia
Record. "*-.s.
While it may be taken for granted that
the great body of readers who frequent
any public library ar© honest, both In
practice and intention, there will always
remain a certain number who are con
spicuously the reverse. In all public li
braries a large number of volumes dis
appear during the twelve months of a
year; a few of these may have been lost
through carelessness while in circulation,
but the greater number of them have
been stolen. This fact being freely admit
ted in the reports of all librarians, the
question naturally arises: Who ar© the
thieves? Do they steal the books in or
der to sell them, on does their dishonesty
arise from a diseased love of literature?
Melvil Dewey, who may be regarded as
an authority on the subject, has truth
fully declared that it is almost Impossible
to tell a library thief at sight. He may
hide his dishonesty beneath an exterior
as smug and sanctimonious as that of
Pecksniff. A prominent lawyer of Brook
lyn, of distinguished appearance and fin©
manners, made a regular practice of
stealing the periodicals in a well known
public library. Being caught at it on©
day and accused by the librarian, he put
on an air of great dignity, hotly declared
that he was insulted and walked out. But
the magazine the lawyer had stolen was
found thrown down in the entry; and he
never again reappeared In that library.
At the New York Mercantile Library a
young woman was discovered leaving tho
rooms with one book, which she was en
titled to, in her hand, and five others
hidden under her cloak. She proved to be
long to a Well-to-do family and was am
ply able to buy all th© books she could
need.
A Study of the People Who Steal
Volumes From Li
braries.
BOOKTHIEVES ABB
A CLASS TO THEMSELVES
Boris Earafoff is reported to have ap
peared at the village of Pesoder and to
have siezed a Greek priest who had de
nounced the revolutionists. Sarafoff took
the priest to Buch and was pursued by
Turkish troops, who bombarded the vil
lage. Sarafoff and his companions es
caped.
Fighting is reported at fifteen places in
the vilayet of Adhanople, during which
the Insurgents are said to have lost four
teen and the Turks 300. Heavy fighting is
reported at Sreborne, where the troops
destroyed the village and where the
Turks are said to have lost heavily from
the explosion of dynamite bombs. From
elsewhere throughout the disturbed area
come continual reports of skirmishes and
heavier fighting, resulting in the destruc
tion of several villages. At Kurbanl it Is
stated that the Turks killed or wounded
sixteen women, who had valiantly de
fended themselves. One Turkish soldier
was killed by a woman. The women are
organizing bands to help the insurgents.
A dispatch from Dubnltza asserts that
the situation on the frontier is extremely
critical, the Insurgents having killed sev
eral Turkish soldiers at Dnevnik. The
dispatch also states that a division of the
Roumanian army with a brigade of «cav
alry from Bucharest has been ordered to
march toward the Bulgarian frontier, os
tensibly for maneuvers.
SOFIA, Bulgaria, Aug. 22.— The general
outlook in Macedonia shows no signs of
improvement and the developments in the
next few days are awaited here with the
greatest anxiety. The outbreak at Adrian
ople Is growing, and disturbances are also
prevalent along the coast and In the vi
cinity of the Bulgarian frontier.
Alarm th© Inhabitants.
PEBILS ARE MULTIPLYING.
Conditions in Macedonia Continue to
ROME, Aug. 22.— Private news from the
Balkans contains horrible description's of
massacres committed by the Turkish
troops in repressing the insurrection.
Whole villages were set on flre and sacked
and men tortured In the worst manner be
fore being killed. Not only women, but
even children of both sexes, were brutally
violated by Bashl-Bazouks, and other
cruelties committed so repugnant that
they. cannot be described.
To remonstrances from th© fmriuls, the
Pa.sli»«. have answered pledging them
selveWto be able within two w-eks to an
nounce to the whole world th~r. order has
been re-established in the Bal.^je. *.
8ALONICA, Aug. 21 (Friday).— Th© vil
lages of Boufl, Rakoro and Armesko, near
Fiorina, have been bombarded and their
insurgent garrisons annihilated. At Boufl
alone 600 Bulgarians are reported to have
been killed. The women and children es
caped to the mountains.
In an engagement at Ostrorot August
19 fourteen Komitajls were killed and
thirty-seven wounded. » •
During another fight near Okrida 217
Bulgarians were killed.
An Important action is proceeding near
Fiorina. The commandant there demand
ed immediate reinforcements. Twelve
battalions have started for Fiorina from
Monastir.
Advices From the Balkans Contain
Horrible Descriptions of Mur
ders Being Committed by
Turkish Troops.
The local Chamber of Commerc© has re
quested Hawaii's representative In Con
gress to secure harbor improvements for
Honolulu, Hilo and Pearl Harbor, also
Federal buildings in the Territory. They
also ask him to secure the establishment
and maintenance of lighthouses by the
National Government and the making of
Honolulu a port of call for the transports
en route to and from the Philippines.
They also ask that the Territory be al
lowed to retain the customs revenues. ¦
HONOLULU, Aug. 22.— Governor Dole
and other Territorial officers held a con
ference 'to-day and decided to try and
float the 52,000,000 loan authorized by the
last Legislature. It is thought her© that
the local banks will take the entire loan.
An exhaustive statement has been sent
to President Roosevelt in response to his
request for information before approving
th© loan. '; : ;Sv
Hundreds Fall in Fights and
Women Hurry to" the
Mountains.
Chamber of Commerce Urges
National Expenditure for
Harbors.
Carnival of Atrocious
Crime Prevails in
Many Towns.
Dole Thinks Honolulu
Banks Will Take En
tire Issue.
WILL ATTEMPT
TO FLOAT LOAN
BULGARIANS
ARE VICTIMS
OF MASSACRE
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, AUGUST 23, 1903.
EMPEROR TIRES
OF LORDING IT
OVER HUNGARY
26
ADVEBTISETVr-KTJTS. ¦
-TO§BbS? *™i tiMBl'S^iC'jy ¦VSSN rfflP^Jl TBnsftPlts^ssfWtlBs^'^smtP^ / ttsTf^Wv^ 3***i£ 4* A sWB^^fl^S
h.i^rmF^^F - ¦» V S fiSBsO2iiBBK«r^V^^ t^^-Il r** >¥"\ ¦liyjLaCv > *'Cw» — P*^^^^*^ WMF wQV/Trk
I On Monday last a fire broke out in our basement. By prompt |
I action on the part of the Fire Department the damage was con-
I fined chiefly to smoke ; but there was an abundance of that.
I Insurance adjusters are through now. Settlement has' been
I made. We are partially protected in our loss, but we are now
I confronted with the proposition of disposing of
I some' of which are slightly damaged* and some not hurt in the
I least. -There is but one thing to do. We must sell without
1 regard to cost.
I Every department was affected, and in consequence we must
I put sacrifice prices on everything —
I Dress Goods Jackets Corsets Draperies Sheets
I Silks Skirts Gloves Curtains Pillowcases
I Suits Waists Notions Underwear Blankets
I • — everything must be disposed of, *cost not to be considered.
I Most of the goods to be thus sacrificed are new, having arrived
I just recently for fall trade,' The sale begins to-morrow (Monday,
I August 24) morning at 9 o'clock. Be here promptly if you want
I ....Opportunities like this don't come every day....
Cash or 'littlest a time"
Of Three Pieces, § lyP B i
In the latest piano polish, mahogany finish; upholstered in silk tapestry or
verona; your choice of colors. This is a beautiful set for parlor decoration and you
must see it to fully appreciate its value, as the cut does not do it justice. We ex-
tend a cordial invitation to you to call and see our immense stock and the extremely
low prices at which we are selling. We are enabled to mark our goods at these
low figures as we own our building, pay no rent and give our patrons the benefit in
low prices. Our carpet department is the largest -and most complete in -the city.
B 1017-1023 Mission Street.
Above Sixth Street. Near New Postoffice.
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
Electro-Chemic
Quick Cures
MR. E, NOKDBERO. 1555 Pine btreet.
Mr. Nordbers says: "After years of suffering
from Catarrh and Rheumatism and alter spend-
ing a small fortune for doctors and medicines
without any benefit, Electro-Olfemlstry has
cured me in less than a month and the expense
has been almost nothing when the wonderful
results are considered.
"My rheumatism by weakening my knees al-
most Incapacitated me for work, but now 1 can
do my heavy work as cable splicer on ! the
Butter-street line without the least inconveni-
ence. I am glad to recommend this wonderful
new treatment to others and will be glad to
Bee any one who is especially Interested in my
cure." -
Signed) ' E. NORDBERO,
1555 Pine street. Ban Francisco, Cal.
CONSULTATION f- ff-K fr- «- W
and mni
X-RAY EXAMINATION I 9 * L. fiL •
Speclaltlei — Consumption, Catarrh/
Bronchitis, Asthma, Cancers, Tumors,
Deafness, Bead and Ear Noises. Rheu-
matism, Paralysis, . Neuralgia, . Piles,
Diseases of the Stomach, ' Liver, Kid-
neys and Bowels. Special Diseases of
Ken and Women. All Chronic Diseases.
Electro-Chemic Institute,
118 GBANT ATE., Cor. Post St., ,
S AN PBAKCZSCO.
Separate Apartments for Ladies and
Gentlemen.
ADVEBTTSEMENTS.
| B. KATSCHINSKI S
[f Philadelphia Shoe Co. 1
110 THIRD STREET, SAN FRANCISCO. |
Adjoining fr^TI EtiildinjT, P
OFFERED JUST TO I
| STIMULATE BUSINESS |
Oar trade Is good and we have H
no complaints to make, but we be- I]
licve !n stimulating business, and H
as this la generally considered a §3
I quiet season cf the year xe& are H
offering something particularly H
Kood JUST TO DRAW YOUR AT- I
TENTION TO OUR STORE. We S
want jour trade, and these bar- I
gains are dared on eale eo that t
yon w*ll buy them. We feel confl- I
dent that If you once make a pur- I
chase you will continue to I
trade with us. Ladles' Patent £
Leather Bluchcr Lace Shoes, with I
mat kid tops coin toes and tips. I
military heels' and soles with ex- m
tension edffes. ON BALB THIS K
„ WEEK AT 82.1 .*» A PAIR. Sizes I
| % to £; widths A to E. f,
I SWELL BLUGHER
OXFORDS
ANOTHER MAGNET TO DRAW
TRADE TO OUR STORE. W« of-
fer the ladles this week a style
that for design, cut and finish can-
not be excelled, and as an extra H
Inducement we have reduced the t
price. Ladies' Blucher Oxfords, H
with patent leather vamps and vicl E
kid quarters, plain coin toe, hand- 14
turned scles and extra hiph French I
hoels. THE PRICE ONLY SSS-lo- H
Sizes Z\i to «Tfc widths A to E. H
I THE ODDS IN YOUR FAVOR
\\ E ARE GIVING EVERY MAN I
TWO FOR ONE. Men's Patent
Leather and Tan Oxford Ties, very H j
latest UD-to-date designs and the K
price cut in two. Sell reeuJar at H \
$3. 50. hut as a special WILL OK- H
FER THEM AT #1.7."» A PAIR. H
A FEW OF OUR GLORIOUS H
SHOES LEFT. Ladies* Patent fcj
Leather and Vicl Kid Lace Shoes, Eg
turns and welts. REDUCED FROM H
t We don't gTiarantee to fill coun- ;
| try orders on sale shoes. '
IB. KATSCHINSKI!
1! Philadelphia Shoe Co.
| 10 TEISD ET., Sba fmadsco. '
SPECIALTIES
Advertised by Responsible Firms of S. F.
mobphinb j ELASTIC
p|8r7«U5 STOCKINGS
CvtJa KO PAIM AMomlnal Supporters.
I Csr * :~-V... • , Hospital Belts.
U tl wr n j. i» M*fle to order at th*
1833 P«lk Bt, S. I. JOHN W.HOPEWELU
MMMBHMHKM, ROOZOM 3-4.
I ¦
HOTELS AND APARTMENTS.
the ALCALDE flats
725 O'Farrell St.
6TRICTLY FIRST CLASS.
Th« tsoat modern apartraent-houe* west
of the Rockjr Mountains. Handsomely
furnlrbtd throughout. Housekeeping flats
of TWO. THREE. FOUR AND FIVE
ROOMS. Fifty-four private baths; elec-
tric elevators; lone distance main line
phone in each flat: dumb waiters; electric
lights; la.UB6ry and dryer; alt tunny rooms
In a rooet respectable neighborhood; only
five biockc from all leading theaters and
center of buetnecs dlftrlct. Call and see for
yourwelves. THE AL<CALJ)E. T25 O'Far-
rell et. Phone Prlrate Exchange 700.
22 ELAINE
APARTMENTS.
532 Turk Street, Near Larkin
THE MOST MODERN AND
. . UP-TO-DATE APARTMENT .
1 BUILDING IN THE CITY.
IXRNISHED or UNFURNISHED SUITES
FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
Private exchange phone; porcelain taths:
hot and cold water In every *ulte; eleva-
tors; Jaoitor service; exceptionally fin* lo-
cation. . . f
NIBIIBBBIHIBIIBHIH
IS * MOTEL
GRA YSTONE
tl 66 Geary St.; pbone 3ush 880. £*
B decant suites and single rooms, with §*
Q baths. Strictly modern high-class flre- H
| proof hotel.' Centrally located. The Q
JS firest moderate priced hotel in the city, ssj
BBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBIBBB
The BRADBURY
Under New Management
160* CALIFORNIA ST.. COR. POLK.
Elegantly Furnished Rooms and Suites. Ex-
cellent Table* Home Comforts. Pboae Hyde
«7TI.Regnier published several pamphlets with
the object of aeir-JustlflcaUon— on» entitled
"A Strange Story. Veiled." and another "What
Is Your Name. N or M?" He died in England
in 1SSS.
1S74. when Regnier. during his absence. wa»
tried and condemned by a court-martial held
In Paris. .
throughout the trials to his sister, Mme,
Humbert
Counsel severely criticized thc declara
tion of M. Patenotre, the former French
Embassador at Madrid, that he did not
know Mme. Humbert* and invited the
jury to request the presiding Judge to
give some certain private letters, in one
of which, M. Hesse asserted, M. Patenotre
thanked Mme. Humbert for adornments
which she had sent him for his salon.
At the conclusion of the pleading Mme.
Humbert arose, amid an intense hush
throughout the courtroom, to made her
promised revelations. She seemed to be
laboring under a great effort and paused
after her first emphatic statement that
the Crawfords and the millions existed.
Then she began formally:
"Gentlemen of the jury; When I want
ed the address of M. Crawford he an
swered, 'You cannot know me. I am not
called Crawford. I am not known by
that name.'
" 'Then, what name?' I asked.
"He replied: 'My fortune was made
during the war of 1870, by reinvestment
of rentes, which were then very low, and
a large quantity was bought here.' "
CBAWFOED IS REGNIER.
Madame Humbert paused again, length
ily, and then continued:
"His name is. Regnier, the Intermediary
between Marshal Bazaine. and the Ger
mans. Ivhad already«transacted business
with one Regnier, who appeared to me to
be a mysterious personage, and who said
to me: 'Be careful, madame, not to con
fuse me with the notorious Regnier.'
"That is how I suddenly learned Craw
ford's name. I never told. my husband. I
swear on my daughter's head. This is
the first time he hears the name," .
Addressing the presiding Judge, Madame
Humbert went on, exclaiming:
"What I say is true. ; The Crawfords
exist, the fortune exists, and I, Madame
Humbert, will bring : action against the
Crawfords." . ,» ' ¦•• •'/• '.-.: ¦¦.-
Turning to the jury again, Madame
Humbert said: *.
"Gentlemen, I. will not say any more. It
Is enough to tell you that the fortune
exists, and that I never cheated any one.
Now you have the whole Humbert case
and the whole Crawford case."
Madame Humbert continued, making
a rambling, indefinite statement, criticiz
ing M. Valle, the Minister of Justice, in
connection with the Cattaui case, assert
ing her truthfulness and declaring that
when acquitted her creditors would be
able to find her. She would do her duty,
she said, and- if any one offered her
money she would show him the door.. She
concluded:
"I have full, complete confidence, and
now I await my fate."
A prolonged movement among the spec
tators followed the statement, which
caused a general feeling of disappoint
ment, owing to the inconclusive nature of
Madame Humbert's declarations.
LABORI SPEAKS.
Maitre Labori, addressing the jury,
said: '^<V ;V
"Now you have the secret of Mme.
Humbert. | She has told you the same as
she told me."
Counsel, continuing, read a sketch of
Regnier from a biographical' dictionary,
which stated that Regmier played a con
siderable secret part in the war of 1S7D,
and that he acted as intermediary be
tween Prince Bismarck and Marshal Ba
zaine.
Maitre Labori said he had been unable
to learn what eventually became of Reg
nier. After being condemned to death by
court-martial. Regrnler disappeared.' The
Minister of War should be able to furnish
information as to what became of him. •
Counsel concluded with an eloquent
plea to the Jury not to condemn the pris
oners, which aroused loud applause. The
president of the court then declared the
arguments closed and read the 260 ques
tions submitted to the Jury- The jury re
.tired'at 2:30 p. m. and the prisoners with
drew. M. Humbert and Emlle d'AurlRnac
looked greatly depressed,, while Mme.
Humbert and Romain d'Aurignac main
tained their defiant attitude. The specta
tors remained, anxiously awaiting "tfie
verdict. The general feeling was one of
stupefaction at the utter futility of Mme.
Humbert's revelations.
Mme. Humbert's mention of Regnier ln-
TCLARE, An«. a— Witt tht> last day of
grace but ten days dlrtaat, tho prospect for a
settlement of the Irrigation district bonds ia
most hopefuL The larrer part of the necc«
eary (273.000 Is on deposit with the Ran Fran
cieco Savins* Union and nearly all of the
remainder is promtoHL At this time there Is
abeolutely no opposition to the settlement as
a whole.
The expectation that to-day would bring
the conclusion of the Humbert trial re
newed the Intense public interest in. the
case. The courtroom was again crowded.
Among the throns: were a number of
American lawyers and tourists, who se
cured favored places through the efforts
of the United States embassy.
The prisoners maintained the same out
ward aspect of calm. Mme. Humbert
walked in haughtily and surveyed the
crowd with a scornful air. Dr. Floquet,
who examined the prisoner before she
came into court, found her to be in good
health and showing no signs of nervous
breakdown under the strain of the cul
mination of the trial.
Advocate Hesse addressed the court at
length in defense of Romain d'Aurignac,
pointing out his brotherly devotion
Following the announcement of the ver
dict Maitre Labor! raised technical objec
tions to the proceedings as a probable
basis of appeal.
COURTROOM IS CROWDED.
The sentences came as the culmination
of a day of sensational Interest. The chief
event preceding the verdict was the dra
matic revelations which Therese Hum
bert ha* so long promised, In the making
of which she disclosed the same genius
which had marked her entire career, as
indicated by her selection of the myste
rious name of Regnier as tho real Craw
ford. Rejrnier figured in the dark page of
the Franco-German War as the interme
diary between Prince Bismarck and Mar
shal Bazaine for the surrender of Metz.
The court and spectators listened to the
recital with an amazement amounting to
stupefaction. It was evident that The
rese Humbert sought to bring into the
case one of the supreme events of the
war of 1870 for the purpose of introducing
another mystery to confuse the court tuid
delay the result, but court, jury and spec
tators alike were unconvinced, as her ref
erences to Regnier were most vague and
did not explain his relationship to the
younger. Crawford.
Although Therese did not indicate
whence Regnier's millions came, it was
apparently part of her plan to create the
impression that Regnier had received a
vast sum for inducing Marshal Bazalne to
surrender Metz. The conclusive character
of the revelations was shown by the fact
that the court did not take the slightest
judicial cognizance of them and immedi
ately submitted the case to the Jury. The
jury likewise treated the revelations as a
subterfuge and returned a verdict of guil
ty upon all the material points. The de
tailed verdict is as follows:
Upon the questions of forgery and the usage
ol forgery the Jury answers "Therese Hum
bert and Frederic Humbert guilty; the others
not guilty."
Upon, the question of the Issuance of forced
legal paper* the Jury answered "Therese Hum
bert and Frederic Humbert guilty; the others
not»gullty."
Upon the question of swindling five specified
bankers the Jury answered 'Frederick Hum
bert and Therese Humbert guilty; the others
not guilty."
Upon the question of swindling the Rente
Viaglere the Jury answered "All guilty."
The Jury Indorsed on Its verdict that there
were extenuating circumstances in favor of all
the accused.
DRAMATIC BEVELATIONS.
Frederic Humbert acted as though
dazed by the shock of conviction, his thin
face assuming a ghastly pallor.
Romain and Emile d'Aurignac pre
served an air of stolid indifference.
After & brief deliberation the court sen
tenced Theresa and Frederic Humbert
each to five years' and to a fine of 100
francs, Emlle d'Aurignao to three years
and Romain d'Aurignac to two years.
The verdict was reached after the Jury
had been out four and a half hours.
When the verdict was pronounced Therese
and Frederic Humbert, weeping, em
braced each other. Romain d'Aurignac
tried to console bis sister, whispering to
her: "Remember, we are not separated
even in the hour of our adversity."
Theresa Humbert seemed to be hopeful
until the last, maintaining that the jury
was certain to bring in a verdict of ac
quittal. Even after condemnation her
emotion was only momentary. She soon
resumed her self-possession and thanked
Dr. Floquet for his ministrations. , Show-
Ing him the fan which he had given her,
she said: "1 shall always preserve this
as a precious token of the care, even
more moral than physical, which you
have bestowed upon me during the pain
ful hours I have Just gone through."
She also thanked Maitre Labori and the
other counsel for the defense. Then, turn-
Ing to the military guard, she Indicated
her readiness to go back to the cells of
the Concierserle Prison.
PARIS, Aug. 22.— One of the greatest
criminal trials In the history of France
culminated to-night, when the jury in the
Court of Assizes rendered a verdlot of
guilty against Tberese and Frederic Hum*
bert and Romaln and Emlle d'Aurignac
th© Butte miner, is as happy as & school
boy over* the prospect of another fight
wits Jim Jeffries. Munroe learned last
night that Jeffries would five him $10,000
if he could stay four rounds.
-Will I fight Jeffries ? Well. Td rather
do that than eat dinner to-day," he said.
"That $10,000 he offers— why. It's like find
ing money. Tm afraid Jeffries don't
mean it. But I'll ten you what I will
do. I will give him a $1000 present to sign
articles for a fight. Then I will bet him
$5000 on the side."
"What is the use> of that. Jack? Why
not fight him for $10,000 and bo satisfied
with that?" some one asked.
"Why, It's a cinch, and I want to make
as much as possible out of it," the miner
replied. "Jeffries can't knock me out in
twenty rounds. He did not do it at
Butte, but came near being beaten him
self."
Puts on Bold Front and Offers Cham
pion $1000 if He Will
Sign Articles.
NEW YORK, Aug. 22.— Jack Munroe,
JACBI MTJN"ROE 07 BUTTS
"WANTS - TO IViri^i 1 JEFFRIES
The big parade takes place on the morn
ing of the *th. This will be followed by
exercises in the park. Grand President
I>ouls F. Byin^rton will be president of the
day. Jackson Hatch of this city will de
liver the address of welcome. The orator
of the day will be H. R. Noble. O. D.
Stem of this city will be chief aid to
Grand Marshal Fo'ey-
On the evening of September t the vis
iting; parlors will be met at the depot
and escorted to their headquarters. There
will be a torchlight procession and a band
concert in St. James Park.
The local parlors of the Native Sons and
Daughters Trill entertain at Native Sons'
Hall and Turn Verein HalL
SAN JOSE. Avg. 22.— The Native Sons
and Daughters of San Jose ar« preparing
for the Admission day celebration to be
held in this city. Ttco days will be da
voted to honoring the State's birthday.
Report* from outside parlors show that
there will b« a large attendance. Tea
parlors of Native Sons from Saa Fran
cisco and elsewhere have secured head
quarters here. The Native Daughters are
not less interested, for a Vespero, Laurel,
Fremont, Orinda and Santa Cruz parlors
have signified their intention of beins
present.
NATIVE SONS ABBA2TOE
FOB A BIG CEUSBBATIOU
Garden City Parlors Are Busily En
gaged Preparing for Admis
sion Day Exercises.
Promised Bevelations Are Not Hade
and the Four Persons Guilty
- Will Be Confined for
Terms of Years. •
Woman Declares in Court
That Crawford Millions
Exist.
Notorious French Swin
• ¦ - ¦ -• ¦ -¦-.•.-...... , \ _ . .
dlers Convicted and
Sentenced.
PRISON DOORS
MUST CLOSE
ON HUMBERTS
THE SAF FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, AUGUST 23. 1903.
HELENA. Mont.. Aug. 22. — Two big forest
fires are raging above Hamilton. One Is en
Lost Horsa Creek and the other on Hughes
Creek. Reports from those sections ara to the
effect that much damage la being done.
Goes to San Quentin for Ten Tears.
SACRAMENTO, Aug. 22.— F. B. Mas
tenes, who was charged with assault with
Intent to commit robbery, pleaded guilty
before Judge Hart in the Superior Court
this morning and was sentenced to tea
years' imprisonment at San Quentin.
Regnier was first heard of In connec
tion ' with the revolution of 1848. in which
he played a doubtful part. In September, 1S70,
the Empress Eugenie then at Hastings. Eng
land, Intrusted him with a mission to Prince
Bismarck. Regnier later went to Metz. intro
duced himself to Marshal Bazalne and urged
on Bazalne that the war should have ended
after the battle of Sedan and that his army,
which was useless at Metz. ought to maintain
order In the interior. Bazalne thereupon ac
cepted the Idea of treating: with the Germans.
Regnler's obect was simply to Induce Bazalne
to capitulate ar.d it was well known that Ba
zaine acquiesced to the capitulation without
raising any difficulties The surrender of Metz
followed. Regnler's complicity was proved in
troduced an entirely unexpected name,
one which had been almost entirely for
gotten, although it was that cf a noto
rious figure In the latter days of the
Franco-Prussian war. The Llberte print
ed the following sketch of the man:
27
Santa Cata|ina Island
2% Boars From Los Angeles.
Season 1903.
Our Marine Band of 30 Artists.
OCTDOOR PASTIMES. BOATXNO. BATH-
ING. FISHING. QOLF. ETC
The Famous Canvas City Is Now Open!
With as Entirely New Equipment, In Shady
Grove.
HOTEL METBOPOLE,
With Modern Appointments. Always Open.
Reservations Made. Address
BANNING CO.. 222 SOUTH BPIUNQ ST.,
LOS ANGELES. OR
PECK'S BUREAU. 11 MONTGOMERY ST.,
SAN FRANCISCO.
PARAISO SPRINGS
MOITTEKBT COUHT5C. CAT*.
The leading Summer Resort of the
Pacific Coast. Hot Soda and Sulphur
Baths, large Swimming Tank, first-
class table. Send for beautiful illus-
trated booklet and rates to F. W.
Schroeder, Manager, or San Francis-
co Agent, ii Montgomery street.
NEW ANNEX |
GOLF LINKS.
ORCHESTRA.
HOTEL VENDOME, i
SAN JOSE. CAL.
£T.IMMINO.
BOWLINO.
AUTOMOBILES.-
Adams Springs
LAKE COUNTT. CAL.
BTIUJm HAS TBS CBOW9.
BEST WATER.
SUPERIOR SERVICE.
Curing the month of August the celebrated
Merced Concert Band In full uniform will b«
at the springs.
PR. W. n. PRATHEB. Prop.
Tahoe Tavern a! Lake Tahoe
Is now open for the reception of guests.
Our. patrons of last season say: "Ta-
boo Tavern Is the etjtutl of any summer
resort hctel in the world."
and that Lake Tahoe has no equal. Visit us
and prove statement for /ourselves. Rates
from J3.M) per day upward. For particulars
or reservation of room* address Tahoe Tavern,
Tahcxa City. CaL
YOSBMITE VALLEY
ONLY 18 HOURS FROM SAN FRANCISCO.
OVER OILED ROADS via WAWONA AND
INSPIRATION POINT.
THE ONLY ROUTE TO MARIPOSA BIO
TREES!
THE ONLY ROUTE VIA INSPIRATION
POINT!
For particulars address A. 8. MANX*. 813
MARKET ST.. 8AN FRANCISCO.
V!CHY SPRINGS.
8 miles from Uklah. Mendoclno Co. Natural
electric waters, champagne baths. Only place
in the world of this class. Fishing, hunting.
Crystal Bprings. Accommodations; table first-
class. J. A. REDEMEYER A CO.. Props.
Campbell Hot Springs.
18 hours' rail to Boca; stag* for springs con-
nects 6 p. m. train from city; round 'trip. In-
eluding stage. (14 CO, good for season. Kates.
>10 per week.
Weekly Call, $1 per Year
TilQPAiM MINERAL
iUOuAtt SPRINGS
Loc&ted cine miles northeast of Red BluS on
the line of th« Southern Pacific Railroad. •
The undersigned beg» to lnlorm the pubVlo
that It haa tuccct-ded to the ownership and
!nanaren?ent of these famous Fj.rir.es. and it
Is their put{>OF« to conduct them in a manner
that will ineur* euch care and comfort to ltt
latrona a* will be thoroughly EEtltlactory. Par-
ticular attention «m be, e»wn to tfce cuisine
and dinlng-rocm Eerrtc*. rurthermore. It If
the Intention of the new owners to extensively
Improve and beautify the property — which.
a<Jded to the marvelous curative properties of
rhe various f prints in cases of Gout, Bheuma-
t.«m. Catarrh of the Bladder. Gravel. D!aN»te».
Kidney Troubles of every variety. Urinary trou-
bles. Fkln Diseases Dyspepsia, Cystitis and
Eloo3 Diseases cf every description will plac«
t^t 'TUSCAN FPBINGS- In the front rank
cf the faxnou* mineral spring* cf th« world.
Cases cf RHEUMATISM GOUT AND ALL
ELOOD DISEASES WILL. BE ACCEPTED
f.VDER A GUAKAN'TEE THAT THEY WILL.
BE CVKED WITHIN a SPECIFIED TIME
OR ALL EXPENSES INCLV'DINO RAIL-
WAY FACE. WILL BE REFUNDED.
These wonderful sprier* can be reached by
t^e Southern Paclflc Company 1 * system of rail-
nay; and its connections throughout the
United States.
Tuscan Mineral Springs Corporation.
An experienced physician resides at the spring*.
Stag-* transfer service between Red Bluff and
TOKcan Spriiigs
For rstes cf !are Bind routes of travel apply
to any Eoutherr radflc Railroad Aper.t.
NAPA Hapa County, ;
SODA SPRINGS ; | Gal. |l
FOB HEALTH AND PLEASURE GO TO
Napa Soda Eprinrs. Situated 1000 feet above
the beautiful Napa Valley. Hot and cold soda
taths. Shetland ponies and burros for children. '
Two trains daily. 7:30 a. m. and 4 p. m. Add.
DOLLMAKN & JACOBS. Napa Eotfa Sprlnji.
HOTEL
Del Monte
The only coif links la California with full
IS-hole course equipped with perennial turf
rreens. This course Is provided exclusively for
live ruests of the hotel.
POLO, AUTOMOBILING,
GOLF AND SWIMMING
The year round, ltate*. $3 60 per day and up.
Snerlal rates by the month en application to
GEORGE W. REYNOLDS. Mgr.
SPRINGS
In September U the best place In California.
The mountains h*ve Conned their autumn
colons. Bowlin*. driving, ewlrnmlng, fishing.
etc. Health-restoring waters. Ideal service.
$7 round trip from Kan Francisco.
AETWA BTUrsaS COMPA5T,
Aetna Spring*. g»P» Co- C»^
HOTEL W1LLITS.
First *e*«on. New building; up to data
eoulpment; over a hundred rooms, handsomely
lurr.i*h«J; large dlninE-room: rooms en sulU
with private baths- hot and cold water; elec-
tric llrbts: nrst-claas plumbing and perfect
kcwerare. Redwoods and mountainous country
around with all their pleasures; center of th*
detr bur-ting and fishing of Mendoclno County.
h to $3 bO ptr day: $10 to $18 per week. Ad-
dress WILLIAM WEIOAND. Manager. WU-
liU, Meadodao County. CaL
Seigfer Hot Springs.
Natural bet baths, wonderful stcmacta waters.
ftwlmsUng pond, games. livery; |w to »1* P«r
week, liookiets at Peck's. 11 Montgomery «..
or H. H. McGOWAN. Belgler. Lak» Co.. Cal.
KLAMATH SPRINGS,
BESWICK. EIEKITOU C^.. CAi*
Finest fishing, hunting and health resort on
thc coast. Bead for booklet. _
EDSOH BP.OS., Froprietor*.
FRAGEBS y | P&AGEBS \ I PBAGrTRS. ,/Cv f PBAGEB3
Underpriced Fancy t3t-. I Remarkable Bargain
™ a 5 < ! ods * Bt^MirlTl^ Opportunities in
The goods in this department have a wide /ptjraj^ -^r *$r /®&r \
reputation for their reliability in quality and Usi^ /tSb-JP • ! TMoiA/ IT^Il Of*f>rfQ
low prices. Flattering comment is made every fl * AOVAYS^EIJABLE | A^CW P Oil WJUU3. |
day on the splendid selections offered here. HI * a on VoKAM Aivmc 0 !^ <fcTi«rt*joitt3 ... .
In these lines few other stores can keep pace Igflft- 1250 MARKET SH***** 8 It is very Rrat.fying to us to see the. a*,
with our bargains. • ¦ ¦ ' » — erneS3 with wh j ch our gTe:it bargain spec-
Handkerchiefs. I _- . .. - * /% „ w - I iaIs are snapoed up hy . C "- That
25c each-250 dozen women's linen ¦ EmbPOldeTieS at One Half. our efforts are appreciated is shown by
lawn fancy handkerchiefs, with hemstitch- Special reductions have been made on those lines the immense crowds that attend all our
ed, scalloped, embroidered and lace and that are in most demand by shoppers. The ex- seasonable bargain sales,
insertion edges. All new designs and tremcly low prices place them m reach of cU. We are on the verge of the annual fall
patterns. 40c and 45c values. Special. 5c a yard— Cambric insertions and galoons, y 2 onen ; nir whrn all the newest eooda will
5Oc each— 200 dozen ; fancy handker- to VA inch wide: regular 10c and 12H values. opening, when all the .newest goods wm
chiefs, made of pure Irish linen, in all the . :12/,c a yard— Cambric edgings and insertions. have arrived from the fcast and been
latest New York and Parisian effects. 2 to 7 inches wide; all new patterns; worth 20c and placed on display. But before this great
Worth 75c and 85c regularly. Special. 25c. . , event we are showing many advanced
51>c, G9c. 75c and up to $1.49— "ular values. 35c and 50c a yard. specials on the newest style goods at pnees
New black drape veils, in chiffon, wool and 9Sc a yard — Embroidery flouncing, 45 inches low enough to make them very attractive,
silk and silk crepe; hemstitched borders. wide plain embroidery and fancy lace effects; .
ll/ i& T t u-* - worth $I " 5 ° and $I * 7S * Green Tradinj Stamps Given with ell
48c each— Drape veils of chiffon in Remnants. p»«*™
the new topac and blue shades; also one-thlrd'off on tAces. Embroideries. All-OYera, remnants rorcaases.
black and white. Plain and fancy with that have accumulated the last three months. Watch dally pa.p«rs for bargain announo«-
wide hemstitched borders. i]A to l 1 /, \ A** Special. ments.
yards long. Sells regularly at 75 c. ' pU 8 q^To^rs %?%S^&F w^tvS?** ap " '
T "^^^^^^^^^^^^^^"^i«iWBBSSBBBBWB»SBBS»BBBBBBBiBBBlBB«BBBBB^BBBB^BBBB^BBBB^B««»S»SSSS^B^
Autumn Styles in Women's House Furnishings and Wash
Cloak and Suit Section. Fabrics for the Autumn Season.
We have expended a deal of energy in securing new autumn Always to the front with early and popular goods, we have ar-
goods at this early date, but we are confident that the spontanfcty ranged for an enormous bargain sale this week. Care has been
Z^i-u t,,vv. «finrm*r« «,!n * i, a "" uc " 1 " w " ic BHuni.«ui-»iy taken to get only those ,goods that shoppers want and need the
with which shoppers will take advantage of the opportunities will most# Special prices have been marked throughout, and this ad can-
amply repay us for our work. Only the very best goods for the not tell the many other good things that are awaiting you on our
money will be found in our cases and on our counters. counters.
Tailored Suits. Towels.
,14.05 -Fin, ch<vio« suits with M - inc h skirt jacket, coHar.ess g**J £*£» <«« gl^^fJ'SS* "* *"
effect, satin trimmed. One-half satin lined. Seven-gore flare skirt, m, i-
unlined. They come In blue, black and brown. c « , S ? ee te an .?, P Ca$eS " < a t a
aift . r c . ., '. . . , . UIUWU - 8 l-3c each— ioo dozen pillow cases, 45x36; made of a good
bmts with 30-inch tight-fitting jackets; novelty weaves quality of muslin that will wash and wear well.
and mixtures; six folds front and back, with self belt. Satin lined 50c each — Large size heavy sheets— for double bed. Extra
jacket. Seven-gore flare skirt. grade of sheeting.
$25.00— Styiish blouse suit; 33-inch coat with broad tailor * Blankets. ,
stitched straps, leather belt, velvet collar, braid fasteners and one-' Soft fleece blankets; white and gray s
half satin lined. Flare skirt, stitched straps and stitched ten times 10-4 75c 12-4 9I.25
around the bottom. n - 4 $1.OO
Shirt Waists. Heavy California woolen blankets; the finest quality.
45c— A big lot of women's white and colored shirt waists with 10-4 fIJ.85 13-4 «?I*«rt
tucked and embroidered fronts and fancy lace fronts; some have Il ~4 $o.OO 14-4 91O.OO
hemstitching. Many styles to select from. These waists we have I2 '4 ?CJ.5O 16-4 $lo.OO
been selling at 95c, $1.25 and $1.45. . Bed Spreads and Comforters. ¦ ;y ;
91.225 — Women's stylish shirt waists with dainty embroidery $1.50 each — Extra heavy large size bedspreads; heavy raised
and hemstitched fronts; others of lace and tucks. All sizes. These Marseilles patterns. Extra value.
are regular $2.00, $2.25 and $2.50 waists. . . $1.H9 — 156 dozen heavy large size comforters, covered with
Jackets pretty figured silkoline. Scroll stitched and filled with pure white
$7.95_Kersey- jackets for fall wear; just the weight for cool COtt ° n - W ° rth $ ' 75 a " d ?2O ° "^
evenings. Not one worth less than $10.00, and some worth $12.00 New Lace Curtains.
iwe. * n << w Ur- «i,\* The opening of our new curtain department last week was a
wress ana waiKin S okots. phenomenal success, and, notwithstanding thc enormous buying that
$4.95— Nearly two hundred women's all-wool dress and walk- was done, we still have a large lot of curtains. And those who do not
ing skirts, of cheviot, broadcloth, alpaca and fancy mixed suitings. object to a little imperfection can save from 50c to 75c on cheaper
Some arc worth $7.00 and $8.00, others $10.00 and $12.00. curtains and from $1.00 to $2.00 on better ones.
unsurpassed 1 1 a Splendid Time to Buy New Fall Dress Goods 1 1 Maiinery.
Shoe r «J ¦ One of the
Specials. and SllkS* chief attractions
I? 1 *- 5 — W e The choicest assortment of goods in the city is to be found right here in Prager's. It is only °. our new lI "
carry a full .ine with considerable care and forethought that stocks of dress goods and silks the equal of those we linery de-
of boys school 'are "showing can be secured. partment 13 thc
cair^ood^exten- Silks. 9 1 ' 50 a yard-36-inch guaranteed pcau de making of hats
sion soles. Sizes Novelty Silks. : ;T ' soie ' at special orders.
8 to 13. $1.00 a yard— New arrivals in fancy „ „ P" eam SSBs '- *o,'- w « have a
Jj? 1 . « 5 _ silks for waists and suits. Many different 60c to 9 1 - 2 *> a yard— We carry a large large WO rkroom
Misses' and chil- weaves in gun metal color. Every pattern stock in the latest designs — dots, corded. and a corps o f
dren's Vici kid suggests newness. bourette, canvas, brocade and plain weaves. well- trained
shoes, lace or Phalanx Silks. They are more popular than ever. young ladies to
button, - patent Thc latest fall silks— "Phalanx"— sold with T>rp«c Cnndc make hats ac "
leather tips, matt bona-fide guarantee against splitting. . */*«»* xwwua. cording to the
top and spring <H>e and 75c — 19-inch black Phalanx silk. . Colored. wishes of cus-
heels. Sizes 8J-S 7 *» c and • S5c— 21-inch black Phalanx silk. Heir-lined Suitings. . tomers. Person-
to 11. Same »Sc .24-inch black Phalanx silk. OOc a yard— New, neat and durable, m a l attention will
style shoe, siyes 75e, SOc and * 1.1 2— .27-inch black Pha- navy, royal, tan, black, brown, cardinal and be ivcn all or _
111/2 to 2, $1.50. lanx silk. green. An exact duplicate of material that ders> and thc
Very dressy. \ .^1.^8 and $1.50— 36-inch Black Pha- sd!s for. $1.25. best satisfaction
*5 a . 5 0— lanx silk. - Etamine. is guaranteed.
Men's Vici kid Black Peaxi de Soie. 50c to $1.50 a yard— Comes in all colors Already w e
shoes; Goodyear Better "values than ever in this line. * f° r street wear. have advanced
welt, fair stitch. O8c a yard — 24-inch guaranteed peau de Scotch Mixture. lines of stylish
A strictly up-to- soie. 50c to $1.5O a yard — Many exclusive street hats and
date and dressy i^l.10 a yard — 27-inch guaranteed peau de styles and they make up into stylish street school hats for
shoe. soie. gowns. Exceptional values. children.
Women's Newest Muslin and Knit Underwear.
This department is now completely stocked with all the newest arrivals from the Eastern manufacturers. We are able to show the
newest styles thc season has developed and offer them at prices that are exceedingly economical.
Gowns. Skirts. Drawers.
si an Afn^/. ~r mMO i- . \r}J.'2lu ;.,„/.„ ,,«i-- $1.50 — Cambric foundation, with wide um- 25c — Made of muslin, with cambric hera-
91.00-Made O f mus hn; V neck, fancy yoke brdla ,^ flmmce trimmed ' with duster of stitchcd ruffle . Cut extra wide.
of tucks, two rows of lace insertion and one row hemstitched tucks and wide embroidery edge. 85c— Of muslin, with wide ruffle of cambric.
of embroidery beading run with ribbon; neck An exceptionally Rood bargain at this price. trimmed with cluster -of hemstitched tucks and
and sleeves finished with lace edge. 1JHS.5O — Cambric foundation, with wide .um- one-inch hemstitched hem. **
$1.50 — Made of cambric, chemise slip style, brella flounce of lawn, trimmed with three clus- 50c — Made of cambric, with umbrella flounce
with round yoke of valenciennes lace and tucked ters of tucks and two insertions of Cluny lace of tucked lawn, trimmed with four-inch Nor-
lawn. Very dainty garment.' and wide lace edge to match. Extra dust ruffle, mandy" Valenciennes lace.
ADVEELTISrnvrFNTa.. . . __
TiV*+T»Q Tfcwnr
Importations for seven months ending My 31,
75838 CASES »
Being Greater than the Importations
of any other brand
The Extra Dry of the scperb 1898 Vintage bow
arriving is conceded to be the choicest
Champagne prodiced this decade.
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
MILWAUKEE.
The purity of "Blatz" has
never been questioned. Its
very taste forbids doubt
on that score.
It's in the taste that
Blatz holds the winning
hand. There's an inde-
scribable flavor that sug-
gests at once the "real
thing" — there's a good-
ness that is distinctly
Blatz.
Always th$ same good old Blatz.
YAL BLATZ BREWSCO., MILWAUKEE
Braunschweiger & Co,, inc.
SaodJ DRUMM S T., San Francisco,
Tel. Main 1M«. Wholeealt Dealer*.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
SPECIAL OFFER TO MEN
Extended to September 1st
§———~~—~~—-~~~~~ j^ Tl0W O f there being 1 so many afflicted with.
special and chronic diseases, wto are treating 1 will*
quack specialists and Inexperienced' physicians
without receiving any benefit, Z have decided to I
make a special offer to charge only one-half of |
- my regular fee -for enrin* those who are now nn-.
derg'oingr treatment elsewhere and are dissatisfied,
provided they come to me before September 1,
1903. Tor Instance, if yon are affected with either v
Lost Strength, • * Varlcocele, Hydrocele, Strie-
tnre, Xervons Decline, Files or Bnptnre— my chary*
for curlnsr either of which, wlthont any compllca- *
tion, Is $30— I will care you for $25, and accept the .
money In any way yon wish to pay. I will also
cure Contagious Blood Poison for 950, which is
jnst half my regular fee. This liberal offer la
made to enable those to be cured who have spent their \
rm km rmav money In doctorin* without relief, and to show the
Sv?!lwKM many who have treated with doiens of physl-
JStaL- eiSi without relief that I have the only meth-
:*.!• -- >'"""- | o4|| tnat produce a lifelong cure.
If you cannot call at my office, write me your symptoms fully, r Many cases can
be cured at home. FREE BOOK describing my specialty at office or ty mail.
Ci/ MAI CAJAA1 V/l !"¦ V29MAR CET ST., S. P., TcpFlooF.
. l\. HULolVlAnl. IVI. If., Hour«-9 to Caily; Sanday 9 t» 12¦WASHINGTON, Aug. 22. — Secretary of the
Interior Hitchcock reDOrta that th» reported
Irregularities In Indian Territory -will be fully
Investigated. The Investigation la now under
•way, )ie says. •
SACRAMENTO, Aug. 22.— Superior
Judge Hart to-day appointed Zebullne H.
Beck guardian of the persons of Jose
phine S., Paul J. and Symmes H. Schafer,
minors. Mrs. Beck Is the mother of the
three children. She is tho former wife of
Deputy Postmaster Schafer of Oakland,
who has brought suit . against her in
Omaha, Neb., to have Bet asldo the de
cree of divorce she obtained against him.
Schafer has for some time been trying to
secure possession of the children.
Appoints Guardian for tho Children
SAN JOSE, August 22.— Miss Daisy Fox,
a popular young woman of this city, was
married to-day to Louis S. Desmond of
San Francisco. The wremony w^ per
formed at the Unitarian church by Rev.
N. A. Haskell. Only a few immediate
friends and relatives were present The
bride is an accomplished musician and has
taken part In many amateur theatricals.
For a number of years she has b«en a
teacher In the city schools. Tho groom
was formerly a resident of this city.
San Jose Teacher "Weds.
Yesterday afternoon the exalted cap
tain's attention was drawn to White Hat
McCarthy's unique head piece, which he
coveted and seized. Before the owner of
that fuzzy and historic covering for the
head realized that his heirloom, was In
Jeopardy Boynton snatched It, placed It
on his own head and marched down Bush
Btreet as proud as a boy with his first
pair of red-top boots. This was the quick
est rush act that Mao had encountered
Eince the close of the races, and It took
his breath. After some persuasion the
captain surrendered tho hat and went his
way rejoicing.
The captain createu a furor when he
strikes town. Last month he was treated
to the indignity of a ride in the patrol
wagon owlns to his having drunk too
deeply of the flowing cup.
Guests of the California Hotel think
that the gallant captain and Mrs. Boyn
ton met casually in the city, but the
old man of the sea simply waves his mar
riage license in the inquirer's face.
Captain Boynton has several grown sons
and daughters In this State. They have
not yet had the pleasure ol meeting their
new stepmother, and it Is rumored that
there will b«i a scene when Captain Boyn
ton arrives home with his bride.
By degrees Captain Boynton's heart grew
lighter and lighter, and suddenly he ap
peared at the hotel with a buxom woman,
introducing her as his wife. He secured
tho license on Thursdaj^ and the good
lady's name is Anna M. 'Myers, aged 52.
She gave her residence as Colusa.
Captain Boynton is a retired sea cap
tain. In the words of the author of up
to-date literature he would be termed "a
rough sea dog." Grieving over the loss of
his wife and reading lurid accounts of
how the Grand Army veterans were be
ing entertained in the city, ho fled from
agricultural pursuits near Sulsun and
found himself a few days'ago in this city.
He was a frequent visitor around the of
fice of the California Hotel and just to
show that his seventy-six years were
carried lightly he danced a sailor's horn
pipe in the office of the hotel, much to
the horror of the aristocratic permanent
guests and to the edification of the fire
men in the next door engine-house, who
were attracted to the unusual scene by
the £iptaln's Indian warwhoops.
The guests of the California Hotel are
trying to conjecture whether It was from
viewing the brilliant arch that spans
Market street or whether It was San
Francisco Grand Army posts' hospitality
that made Captain H. Boynton of seven
ty-six summer and nobody knows how
many winters change from a lonely
widower Into an exhilarated bridegroom.
Aged Sailor Answers Quer
ies With Flourish of
License.
CaptaiD Boynton Again
Launches on Sea of
Matrimony.
TIES A BRIDE
AT SEVENTY-SIX
Irish Mayors are exempt from duty in
courts of law.
The failure of this bank is said to be
due to the same causes which led to the
closing of the Citizens' National Bank
excessive loans to R. Oliver, who was
president of both associations, and to en
terprises in which he was interested.
WASHINGTON, Aug. 22.— The Comp
troller of the Currency to-day received a
telegram stating that the Groesbeck Na
tional Bank at Groesbeck, Tex., had been
closed by tho cashier by direction of the
president of the bank as the result of the
failure of the Citizens' National Bank of
Beaumont, Tex. National Bank Exam
iner J. W. Hertford has been appointed
receiver.
Excessive Loans to the President Are
Said to Have Been the
Cause.
BANK CLOSES DOORS
IN A CITY IN TEXAS
Mr. Murray was born In Canada, 46
years ago and came to the United States
shortlly after attaining his majority. For
the past 15 years he has lived at T^ood
land, California, but of late years he has
spent much of his time in touring the
country with Diablo, which he has owned
since a colt.
It was the wish of the dying man that
the horse remain here for another year In
order that all of his obligations may be
fulfilled. Diablo has a record of 2:09}4 in
the mile pace, made in California in 1894.
Murray was one of the most popular
men on the turf and was alsp noted for
his good heartedness and liberality.
Mrs. Murray has been at his ! bedside
constantly during his illness.
PORTLAND, Ore., Aug. 22.— William
M. Murray, the owner of Diablo, the cele
brated pacing stallion which !s now at
the State fair grounds, died at the Willa
mette Hotel in Salem at 9 o'clock last
night of typhoid fever.
William M. Murray, Owner of the
Facing- Stallion Diablo, Passes
Away at Salem.
NOTED HORSEMAN DEES
AFTER A LONG ILLNESS
DENVER, Auff. 22.— A special to the
Republican from Cripple Creek says that
a compromise has been agreed upon be
tween President James F. Burns of tha
Portland mine and President Charles M.
Moyer of the Western Federation of Min
ers that will probably lead to a settle
ment of the miners' strike at Cripple
Creek. By this compromise work will bo
resumed on the Portland mine next week.
The exact terms of the compromise can
not be learned, as both parties decline to
make a definite statement.
COMPROMISE IS MADE
AT THE PORTIiAND MINE
The- train was in charga of Conductor
Kartell and Engineer Myers and was run
ning about eight miles an hour on an
up-grade when the accident occurred.
Extra cars were Bent out from. L03 An
geles to make a new train and the sched
uled trip will be resumed as soon as the
wreckage has been cleared away, whlcn
will require about four hours' work. A
wrecking crew and train were sent out
from here.
LOS ANGELES. Aug. 22.— SoutJ-*rn Pa
cific train No. 7. which left her© for the
north an hour late at 8:30 p. m., was de
railed and wrecked at 10 o'clock to-night
by a broken rail a quarter of & mile east
of San Fernando tunnel. A baggage car,
a deadhead dining car, a smoker and one
day coach left the rails. Only the bag
gage car turned over and none of the
cars was badly smashed. No on© was In
jured.
Southern Pacific Train
Is Demolished Near
San Fernando.
DEFECTIVE RAIL
CAUSES A WRECK
Mrs. Lucy Van Herckes Dies.
OLATHE, Kas.. Aug. 22.— Airs. Lucy
Van Herckes who recently lost her bustle
containing $7500 near St. Paul, Minn., was
found dead at her home near Shawnee,
Kas., to-dav. Secreted about the house,
$1575 in gold was discovered, but the bustle
containing the $7500 is still missing and
search is being made for it- '
LONDON, Aug. 22.— Robert Grau, under
whose direction Mme. Adellna Pattl will
appear in America in the autumn, said
to-day: •. ; ,
"For this, her farewell tour of America,
Mme. ;Patti will-sail on the'Etruria on
October 21, accompanied bjr Baron Ceder
strom and a suite, of eight persons. Her
opening concert will be in Carnegie Hall,
New York, November 2." '
Patti Coming in October.
MOBILE, Ala.. Auc 22.— Two vessels
are overdue and are supposed to be vic
tims of the West Indian hurricane of last
week. One is the Norwegian steamer
George W. Kelly.from Bluefielda for New
Orleans and the other the American
schooner Bentley from Mobile to den*
fuegos.
Victims of the Hurricane.
SANTA ROSA Aug. 22.— Fire to-night
destroyed a large frame building on Men
docino street, " in process of erection for
Allen Bryant, a liveryman, and for a time
it looked as though the whole block would
go. The handsome . residence of A. W.
Riley adjoining, the office building of Dr.
William Finlaw on the other side, and ad-
Joining structures were only saved after
hard work and because the wind was fav
orable.
Fire Destroys New Building.
LOS ANGELES, Aug. 22.— William Boul
ton, or Button, supposed to be an Ari
zona mining man, met death this after
noon at the North Beach bathhouse, San
ta Monica. Boulton dived off the gallery
into four and a half feet of water and
struck his head against the cement bot
tom of the plunge. He did not rise, but
was brousht to the surface by a boy
swimmer. All attempts to revive him
proved futile. No injury . to the brain
could be found and the physicians are of
the opinion that Boulton was seized with
heart failure at the Instant he dived.
Bather Dies of Heart Failure.
STOCKTON, Aug. £2.-The wine
growers of this county at their meeting
this afternoon adopted resolutions pledg
ing their support of legislation against
adulterated and spurious wines; against
any attempt to shackle the wine Industry
by Imposing onerous revenue Instruc
tions; and, lastly. In favor of effecting
permanent organization of the wine
growers of this county. In accordance
with the last resolution a committee,
consisting of C. E. Wetmore, G. E. Law
rence, Sol Light, A. Braghetta and Ed
Ladd, was appointed to effect organiza
tion. Another meeting will be held in
about two weeks.
Wine Growers Will Organize.
The impossibility of stating; In advance what
lands will ultimately be recommended for re
clamation Trill result In great disappointment
to many jjemons. The fact that the lands
have been temporarily Bet aside Is, In the eyea
of many, an indication that these lands will
be reclaimed, and although every attempt has
been to warn Individuals of the futility of
filing upon these lands under the homestead
law, they persist In taking up the lands on
the bare possibility that the surveys and
recommendations will ultimately show it to
be reclalmable. It is i an unfortunate condi
tion, which, apparently, cannot be corrected at
present. ...
At each of the places where systematic
work has been conducted preliminary
temporary withdrawals of public lands
have been made, but the 'areas which
may be reclaimed are indicated only in a
general way by those temporary segre
gations.
Commenting on the effect of these with
drawals the report says:
On the Salt and Glla rivers, in Arizona;
on the Colorado River, in California; on
the North Platte, Gunnlson and Grand
rivers. In Colorado; on the Snak© River
In Idaho; on the deep well problems of
Western Kansas; on the Milk River, in
Montana; on the artesian well problems
of Western Nebraska; on the Carson and
Truckee rivers, in Nevada: on the artes
ian - probabilities of . Central Oregon; on
the Bear River, In Utah; on the Yakima
River, in Washington; around Lake Des
met and also on the Sweetwater River, in
Wyoming.
"WASHINGTON, Aug. 22.— The first an
nual report of tho Arid Land Reclama
tion Service of the Geological Survey,
made by P. H. Newell, who is in charge
of it, has been completed and soon will
be made public. It gives detailed infor
mation of tho work to date for the estab
lishment of a system of irrigation under
the direction of the National Govern
ment. It appears that work has been
carried on in the different localities in
the various States and Territories as fol
lows:
Newell Reports Work
Preliminary to Re
clamation.
WASHINGTON, Aus. 22.— Severe, com
petition by Russian firms threatens the
American lumber trade In North China,
according to a report to the Department
of Commerce and Labor from Henry B.
Miller, American Consul at N'ewchwanp.
Miller also says that Russian companies
are actively engaged In an effort to se
cure trade In cotton goods, kerosene, lum
ber and flour. Imports In which the United
States has long had the lead. Cotton
goods, he says, are coming Into Man
churia from Moscow, kerosene from
Southern Russia, lumber from Siberia and
the Yalu and flour from Harbin.
The first of a new line of Russian
steamers which has entered the coasting
trade of Siberia, Japan. Korea and China,
arrived at Newchwang recently with 2000
feet of lumber. Miller says this steamer
will soon be followed by many ' others.
Of lumber trade conditions Miller says:
"In a contract for lumber for Dalny that
was let recently American firms were
beaten by Russian firms supplying lum
ber from Siberia."
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CAREFUL SURVEYS
OF ARID LANDS
Russian Competition Is
Driving Out the
Americans.
THREATENS CHINA
LUMBER TRADE
THE SA!N Jb'Jtt ANC/ISCJO CArjIJ. SUIS^XJAY, AXJGrXJST 23, 1<3O3.
28
ADVEBTISEiEEuMTS.
I JS1 JWa W mrrm IrabJB
\ &EEJIS
j tho Best Quality. 4
HILBERT MERCANTILE CO
Pacific Coast Agents.
: \ji Broken Eye Glass yu
r iCp Lenses for 50c. (~A
i 1^1 Factory on premfsca. !k^ % |
'. jT J . Phone Mala 10. Y-
; \ m J QUICX REPAIRING. \J
SIA/EAKJVYEIN
DR. HALL'S REINVIGORATOIt
steps all losses and unnatural dis-
charges In 24 hours. Tou feel to
Improvement from the first dose.
We have so much confidence In our
treatment that we offer Ftva
Hundred reward for any caaa w«
cannot cure. This secret remedy
cures lost power, nightly emissions, wasted or-
gans, varicocele. gleet, strictures, kidneys, fall-
! ing memory, drains In the urine, gonorrhoea.
i disease of the prostate glands and all other
terrible effects of self-abuse or excesses, which
" lead on to consumption and death. Positively
' cures the worst cases In old or young of that
• mortifying condition, quickness of th« dis-
charge, and wanting to do. aad you can't. Sent
¦saled. $2 per bottle, three bottles. *3. Guar-
i anteed to cure any case. » . .„ ..„,» „ .
Call or address orders HALLS MEDICAL
INSTITUTE, 855 Broadway. Oakland. Cal.
Also for aala at 1073H Market St.. S. F. Send
for free book.
EVERY WOMAN
j is interested and should know ¦
.^gg^V. about the wo:. Jcr.'ul
HA SUE I WHIRLING
I?, ) 1 h « n «» ?*rtnal Syrirre.
KWVSi v -y fiL' V \ Injection anj Suction.
t\\«S»^c?TSn Best— Safest— Most Con-
N «^^C>S^^te^ veaient. Itaeaasei
N^g^^lys^. icstaaUy
Ask yorr drnn!U for it. \>, ABL,!.,,,!.^^^^'*
If b« cinnot mjn-ly tho \W '">V^'?&
MARVEL, accept no V, "J^*^\ - -
uthet. hut send tfrivp for flics. >fc. t W"'' t -' / -fa\f
tntedbook— noalrd. It giv*» Ml Y'/ ( m '''¦/£
particuian tn>t riirertion* in».iluabl« W / IS
toUdie- MIBVKI.CO.. t Hjl ; ''i/"/"W
Rocm 203. Tines BCs.. N»w Tork. *>*<<dLJr ,
ivgg^&sM MENAHDWOMEn,
*2^^^^ KE *^^« *"* ° or oanitaril
JESsT u * u * -1T1 " TM d ' Ic h»rgei,ln3amm»tiooa,
HW» OamraaiMd |J irritations or nlceraliom
EL~J »•'«• itilowr*. of tnucoui ide:;:brnne«.
E^J rr««iii C«u»i«. Palnleii, and not a«tri3-
WTilTKEtlfMSCHEMlMlCO. geat or poi*onou§.
\jgA. CIMCmiUTJ,O.Kra| Scld by Draxxl.U,
¦T^rjfiftfru .trV^l D ' «xpre«s. prspaid. fcl
V»' aJKfH «1.0O. or3bottl*t«2.7S.
"^¦BsP^^r » ClrculM i«t oa mxutt
ADVERTISEMENTS.
I^gB,. ' DR « LAWRESCE'S WOXDERFBL KEW IMPROVED
VACUUM DEVELOPER
I^3&rf£^&*K AM) IXVIGORATOR.
J&gSlrZyx^ AVlth Xew Pntentt-d Perfect Ulaphrajrm, and Other
~"~™J&$fL '¦» ' Improvements, Sold Only.. by. Us.. , :
St^A (iniokly IloHtoroH I.oxt Stren«tli. Permanently Cnre«
if mhT ' ¦ Varlcocele, Drain*. Stricture and Proatatlc Troables
. H H by a nl tuple HOME: TREATMENT.
I W Tho VACUUM DEVELOPER stimulates and energizes the nerve
fjl |>1 force and induces a full and free circulation of blood Into the deblli-
M m tated parts, thus permanently strengthening and developing them.
,Pi ||1 Call or write for our 61-page Illustrated book No. 6, showing the
yjl I || male system and explaining our special treatment.
al ' :J Sent plain scaled free.
JJ5 1 All TJlMcnnen of Men. Contracted Disorders, etc.. treated and
|S II cured ' by • our specialists, even when others fall. -
r lit' Consultation Free and -confidential, ~< at offices or by mall.
y-g-iJ3 Hours — 9 a. m. to 9 p. m. Sundays. 10 a. m. to 1 p. m. Open evenings.
<GJs|g3P? Ho Money Required Until Cured.
HEALTH APPLIANCE CO.,
V^-. : '¦.'-¦•. .6 O'Farrcll St., near Market St., San Francisco.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
CI wish to prove conclusively
that I am not offering treat-
ment such as the average
doctor Is able to give. No
matter how many physi-
cians have failed to cure
m a you. you can come to me
Ci I with complete assurance
H I that If I accept your case
gf I the treatment
H I mj . given will be
B a-b s <>I ute ly »cl-
tkjgr ¦ entlflc and
Every patient M 1« efftrct-
I treat Is given Q \4 BS j V e
a thorough and KJ
permanent cure. H™
If you are afflicted O ff >
with Sexual Weakness, fi| , , CJSw
f-p«'rmatcrrhoea, Un-
natural Losses, Piles, *
Hydrocele. Varlcocele, Con- W
tractcd Disorders. Stricture
or Specific Blood Poison, call
and »ee me. I charge noth-
ing for advice and consultation, and
am willing to watt for my fee until a
cure la effected. I TREAT MEN
ONLY.
Dr. O. C. Joslen
THE LEADING SPECIALIST.
Cop. Market and Kcarny
Private Entrance T02 Market St.
Send for my copyright pamphlet —
"Ll\ r e AH Your Years a Man." In-
structive and interesting treatise of
men's private ailments. It's free.
Send to-day.
LEADING BUSINESS COLLEGE OF THE
•WEST. 24 Poet «t.. Bin Francisco. Ca!.
E«abliFhed 40 years. Opea entire year.
TVrlt* for Illustrated catalorue (Jre«).
* POLYTECHNIC
X^^ * Buelneas College and
_35^2 »^a_\ ». lr - K - Oakland. Cal.
—^y^ZTi3^P^J8»t Largrst and best
rsZfWtr ** UX^"!r5» »qu!r:>»^l school or
t%iv?CT2 fl l n«lne*« ehortha.n-1
CtLtle^E iSSiS.^ er ' 1 cr.rineerlr.ir west
**}Q fTOBTtf^l ct Chicago. Perfect
n^Jfej^r^wS*.*^* 1 - cI ! rnate> "Pensei 1°».
pa^e catalcsrue.
Miss West's School for Girls,
2014 VAN NESS AVENUE.
Or^na August 1I>. Home and day school. Ac-
credited by leading coIIpijps. For catalogue ad-
dregg MARY B. WEST. PrindpaJ.
THE LYCEUM
An accredited preparatory school tor the uni-
versity, law and medical collegec, la well
known for Us careful and thorough work. Come
ar.d ba with us; we prepare you well; refer-
• rces President Jordan or any Stanford pro-
:*tior. /'neisn build Inc.
L. H. GRAU. Ph. P.. Principal
HOITT'S SCHOOL
TOP BoTS. Menlo Park. California. Prepare* !
for any university or for business. Eend for
Illustrated catalorue. IRA O. HOITT. Ph. D.,
Principal. Fall term opens Aujrust 11.
BELEVZONT SCHOOL.
]'OR BOTS. BELMONT. CAL.. '
Op^ns for new pupils August 10; for former
t>upi!« Au?urt 12. Catalogue and book of views
rn explication.
W T. REID. A. M. rH*rvart5). Held Master.
HAMLIN SCHOOL
A2UJ VAN ITESS SEMISART,
!!S49 Jackson st., E. F. Boarding and day
?choel for rlrU. Accrefilte<l by the leading
col>ffet and universities. Speclai attention
dv-t: to n.utlc. Reopens Auguet 10. 1903.
t: A RAH P. HAMLIK. Principal.
SACRED HEART EVENING COM-
MERCIAL SCHOOL,
'JtBW IEABT COLLEGE. Ztif tad UrkinStt.
ILIEIZS CPElf K05DAT. ACGCST 3. 1903
«,t 7:1S p. n.
Ritchcock Military Academy,
SAB EAriEL, CAZ..
Separate building for little boys. Xtoas term
«sn ! < t::r. on August 17.
St. Mary's College,
OAKLAND, CAL
Studies will be resumed MONDAY. August 3.
:r>03. BRO. ZEXOStlAX. President.
ST. JOSEPH'S ACADEMY,
. PEIIALTA PARK. BERKELEY.
Hoarding and day ecnool for boys under IS years
of cge. Studie* commence MONDAY. Auguet 3.
:»C3. f.end for :irofpectu< to Bro. Genebran.
DDTTCII17C FOR harbess, ba-
DKUbniiD
bre«-er», bookbindere. candy-raakera. canners.
djers, flour mills, Ioun<lrle». laundries, pape:-.
har-eerc. printers, painters. . *ho«? factorlei.
-ctab'.emen, tar-rcofers. tanners, tailors, etc
BUCHANAN BEOS.,
SrosJx ZCasolactarers, 609 Sacramento St.
Weekly CaiJ, $1 per Year
fc^^^^^^MJ£^ Carpets, Rugs, Linoleums, Matting, Oil Cloth, Curtains, Draperies, Furniture g
(home and office), Children's Furniture, Kitchen Furnishings, Stoves and Ranges. fefe ¦ 'Jfag
E ach of the eight great floors is teeming with bargains. All the latest designs
Si^^^pl? of the world's leading makers displayed here. You will not count the time TjHgwfeiS Wj
i|^^^&«^ wasted roaming through the new store. You are welcome at all times ife*rrnr^|ra
||n§tfB^W[ whether you wish to purchase or not. Remember, we lead in low prices, i*jj3g^U* 3
IryETEr^^lf liberal dealing and variety of goods. • - Q^^^^Ki
s7ii^^^_M l Rnr^rn!^^f^P^i^Ti 8 w _t .^_2^*< i t\& & S l * H \\ iw >l \^ '\ i vv w tvwih lift " i \j* ••-i iO'M'_[^*^^yl -f *oC.^i.^aJiiJ 1 1
§ -K DAVENPORT— Mahogany finish. Upholstered in figured Verona,
mSSS^^^ 35^^ Body Brussels, Wilton Velvets in°all their glory of IIB^ fj
m -^. best to the cheapest will be found here. !
S Two-toned greens and leds. Oriental, floral s S!2? l ii_r2^ a ftiff s p™a h SS
"SgFS&sSSSft b'efeW^/eSS and-mecjalllon effects. No such line ever shown in r F T nls £° d m i b n n t e h% 2S??o-fflii5 «£SS:
supported by Bwan's neck supports. Su- fU« r\t\r A H^Trlincr iirrsw At nrirp«; that runnnr Nothrne could be more thorouehly ar-
perlor finish and work- a* <t n IV inQ Clly. A aaZZIing array. At prices inai Cannot tlstlc or practical for tfii 7 np
"f.?.^:..^ 1 . 0 .!::::::::::::* •&*¦•¦•> fail to please. ;.. : .-. the dtaine-rooin. .^ price
kbbrsBSI '¦ '_^^9B^_b8S_h^^^____v__S^b___I_____PV__H_i _H_V__9^__B59i ____s__B^____^^ ebStEm _^q^^^a - • __^_n^_3nl M___5___r^_Ki_i^__v^_M«^i^__^«L^_l tStSSr^BB^M __RB_1^^_b___b _W'"1hIa_k
JUJVSB.TISZMENTS. ¦ £
Ml,J^lWI^¥JlgUJftiraaMi^^
818 and 820 MARKET ST.
SPORTING GOODS - - BARBER SUPPLIES
RIBBONS g} £\J£t VEILIMG^%'SS J C 2
•white, cream, pink, xnzlze, turquoise, Net, plain, fancy and dotted, all the
helio, cardinal and nile. Regular latest styles and patterns,worthjffp
He quality ca special sale t£\p. 40c yd^ on special sale at . . IvIUyd.
i A r F^='«< 2 NECKWEAR &&&
Lrt^ L^ loons in fancy trimming g^ wo ite collars with colored tabs,
designs, such as Point de Venise, Filet trimmed with silk pearl buttons, regu-
Pcrint aad Venetian Point in black, pr ice 50c, on special OGn
cream and butter I to 4 in. wide, worth a t fcDvr
from 25c to 75c yd. on sale, special A assoftment o{ Udies . Lace
5C 10 p« yard Collars of different patterns. /-^
________ Regular price J5c, special at . «Jvr ca .
PI n\/FQL**o' Black Taf- — — — .
ULUVLOfet^valueSScon/v QHAWJ C Hand made worsted
pr., special -wiflr 0 1 1 tA ¥ V LO Shawls in circular,
'Women's 2-clasp Silk Gloves, finger square and scarf effects, pink, blue, red,
tipped, black and white £TAp black and white, special • £*/\
The |%^ M Dress and
Always Corset
Really Protector
Takes the place of a dozen ordinary shields. Vill wear for six _? C? /->
xcosths. Can be laundered. All dies, 30 to 50 in. bust DOW
HOUSEHOLD DEP'T STATIONERY
30 fa Curtain Rod- 52 inch ex- Exquisite Dimity Tablets in box
tension brass point, silver balls. |O/> with « nvdo P« to match, comes in
Good value for 25c, special sale . I --O Z n Y' white bIue » n Z- O -//*
r- s mm wr , . k 0 ** oa special sale at _¦ y v
. £»? "S"* e ™r7~*' <lh S >ok The litest out, French Crepon
JOc each, or 3 for 25c, on special. OO * : ' " * ' '*',''' , «, ...
A full and complete line of writing
Strainers for tea or coffee, 3 dies; Tablets, in linen, satin and bond flo-
rgg^^Sf3c,4cnfl5c £m^r^ a^ r .*~:5c g p
BOOKS FOR LITTLE FAIRY LAMPS 10c
riflf I/"C With red glass bowls and globes,
* vfl-»*V«O can be used for night lamps or
tv,« <~~ *s~ v t i« ir table decoration; burns for 24 hours
The foilowir.gr books, size 10x15. is-lth one fllHn<"
Wth 40 rapes, full of colored pic- WJtn one «%.^w-^^
lures. Just what the little folks BASKETS
Th^Kat-priTmrner Kids 6M covered baskets of various sizes
Happy Hooligan K<>£ P laln - regular price 10c and 15c, on
On and Off the Ark r>Oc ffAwr 'i'icTfr^a "^"~iY"«Vi?S
Poor LI1 Mose 5Oc BOWL BASKETS on sale at half
price, 12 sizes, strong: and neat, can
Ci en RfldKC CZZ.r> *> e used for many purposejs — cut to
BUU!\d bDC ac 5c 7c 1Oc 12c 15c 17c
Handsome Cloth Bound Copyrights, -lc 25c 28c 3tfc 35c
published at fl 50. cut to G5c HAMMOrWQ
A Man at Arms, by Scollard. IIMiUmU^rYO
My Strangest Case, by Boothby. CloEing out at reduced prices.
Captain Ravenshaw, by Stephens. Tnnvi'o
Stephen Holton. by Pidgin. - I KUiNKo
Jarvis of Harvard, by Kaufman. Belling: at cut prices In face of the
She Stands Alone, by Ashton. advance.
Like Another Helen. ff\ fiiDTC
Lally of the Brigade, by McManus. UU-WrtK 1 O
A Sister of Evangellne. BO styles to select from at sale
The Devils Plow, by Farcjuhar. prices 82.OO to $35.00
Knives, Razors and Shears ground and repaired.
Picture Frames of ail descriptions made to order.Harrowed by this terrible thought, his
only consolation was in the fact that he
had put an old salt on the tale anyhow.—
New York Herald.
"I suppose," faltered the poet, ."that I
should have' made him put salt ' on its
tail." . •
Coleridge has Just finished the "Ancient
Mariner." -. .' g ' ' - , ;*
"But why," asked his friends, "did, you
have him shoot the albatross?" ' •'
Edward Rojrexs'was arrested last night
by Oflicer Nelson and booked on a charge
of petit larceny. He is accused of steal
ing a pair of pants from the 'clothing
store of %->. Hirsch, 221 Montgomery ave
nue. ' : ~ ¦"•'--..'
Steals a Pair. of Pants.
Thumns W. Wlndhate, a G. A. R» vet
eran from Colorado, called at police head
quarters last night and informed Captain
Martin that he had been robbed of a $200
diamond stud while visiting the Univer
sity of California on Friday. He has no
Idea ; who robbed him. Detectives are
working on the case. . . .-.',/•,
Veteran Loses His Diamond.
The Young Ladies' Sodality of St.
Charles' Church will give a garden party
on the afternoon and evening of Septem
ber 4. The affair will be held in the gar
dens in the Convent of the Sisters of the
Holy Cross, at Eighteenth and Harrison
streets..-. A, very entertaining programme
has beef arranged for the occasion. .
Will Give a Garden Party.
The annual picnic and outing of the
Tyrone, Fermanagh and Donegal Society
will be held next Sunday at Shell Mound
Park, near Berkeley. Valuable game and
gate prizes will be given to the winners
and a pleasant day's outing is promised.
Irish- Society's Outing.
Says Husband Is Cruel.
FauJin* Kolb is tired of matrimony be
rause she says her husband. John E".
Kolb. i5 addicted to the use of intoxicants
.ahd while under their influence has the
habit of throwing glassware at her. She
'says that he is also prone to making
threats to do her great bodily injury.
««rf married in January. 1S35, and live at
CIS Jones street. She makes these allega
tions in a complaint for divorce filed yes
terday. A puit for divorce was also filed
fry Marguerite M. Hunt against Archibald
Hunt for desertion.
S. Dentici. proprietor of the Clay street
market, was arrested by Deputy Fish
Commissioner J. C. Ingalls for having In
his possession bass smaller than allowed
by the law. Dentici was tried before
Judge Mogan yesterday and fined $20 for
the offense. ¦ -/ '
Law Violator Pays a Fine.
Dress suit case, fiber or telescope grip,
we can please you in both quality and
price. Leather goods department, San
born, Vail & Co.. 741 Market street, v V.'
If You Need a Trunk,
E. B. Burns of Gold Beach, Ore., re
turned yesterday from Point Reyes, where
he was inspecting a wrecked vessel he
owned. He reports the vessel a total
loss. He is registered at the Grand.
James H. Andrews, a well known mer
chant of, Los Angeles, Is at the Palace,
accompanied by his wife and child.
M. A. Gunst, who has been abroad for
the last eleht .months, returned to the
city last evening, much Improved in
health. . ' :r, v
Judge A. C. Hart of Sacramento is a
guest at the Grand.
William F. Powers, a furniture dealer
of Portland,. Ore., is at the California.
Joseph Ullman, the well known sport
ing man of New York, is at the Palace.
D. B.- Farcjuharsen, an extensive land
owner of McLoud, is among the arrivals
at the Palace. '.'¦¦' I')
PERSONAL MENTION.
Judge Sloss yesterday discharged the
order preventing the Board of Public
Works from dismissing John J. Murphy
from his position as engineer at the Hail
of Justice. He also sustained the board's
demurrer to Murphy's complaint, allow
ing Murphy ten days to amend, however.
This practically disposes of the case.
Discharges Restraining Order.
Mrs. Moxley died last May. leaving an
estate estimated to be worth $100,000. In
hrr will. "which was filed a few days after
her death, she devised her residence on
Ellis street to Mrs. Mooney and the rest
of her estate to the Union Trust Com
pany in trust for Mrs. Mooney and her
brothers and listen in the East and sev
eral nephews and nieces residing In Mas
rjichusetts. She provided that they should
receive only the income.
An amended contest of the will of the
late Elizabeth W. H. Moxley was filed
yesterday by Carrie Talbott. niece of the
deceased. She claims that at the time the
will was executed Mrs. Moxley was 73
years of ace and of unsound mind and
under thp influence of her sister, Lydia
IT. Moonpy. and Ella H. Mooney. daugh
ter of the lart named.
UNDUE INFLUENCE ALLEGED
BY NIECE OF MRS. MOXLEY
Carrie Talbot Claims That a Sister
of the Deceased Prompted
Her Will.
The Retail Clerks' Association of the
city is making extensive^ preparations for
the celebration of Labor day. A meeting
will be held next Tuesday, when commit
tees will be appointed and the final ar
rangements will be made. Any member
of the association who falls to report on
the morning of the parade will be fined
$2 50.
Preparing for Labor Day.
Debt and Debtors.
Casual moralists take different views of
tne moral turpitude of debt. They ca'l a
debtor anything between a thief and a
careless fellow. The former verdict Is,
of course, too harsh, though we have
often heard its justice seriously main
tained, and it is certainly more easily
refuted by Illustration than by argument.
On the other hand, to excuse debt as
mere thoughtlessness, as many upright
people do excuse It. is clearly absurd.
The renson of this divergence of judg
ment is, we think, this: Debt is a moral
disorder. If not in Itself of fatal import.
One or two attacks in youth have as n
rule no lasting effects upon character.
Again, debt is often symptomatic of se
rious moral disease, because it is a com
mon outcome of the selfishness which lies
at the root of all departure from a state
of moral health. Consequently the man
in debt, is much misjudged— most often,
perhaps', on the side If leniency. There
are men— and they are almost always In
debt— for whom the words "right" and
"wrong ' seem to be replaced by "penal"
and "non-penal." They owe money, but
that is perhaps the least thing they owe.
They never return kindness or help, or
Justice even, and certainly not affection,
should any one be so unfortunate as to
have let them have any. They behave
decently or not. according to the nicety
with which they are able to calculate
consequences.— London Spectator.
"A plant that Is Its own gardener is.
you would think, an impossibility," said
a peanut dealer. "In the peanut, though,
we have just such a plant— a plant, as
It were, with a spade. The peanut grows
In the air and sun, but when the flowers
fall off nnd the pods appear it is neces
sary for these pods to mature • under
ground, and therefore the plant buries
them. It buries them with a movement
of the stalk, a downward bend that
pushes the pod beneath the soil. This is
a strange thing. to see: it makes a pea
nut patch well worth a visit. Go to one
of these patches at the season when the
flowers are falling.-, and if you are pa
tient you may have the luck to catch a
plant in the very act of burying Its pods.
—Philadelphia Record. .
The Board of Public Works will hold a
special meeting to-morrow morning for
the purpose of revoking all permits here
tofore granted for the occupancy of, any
sidewalk by bootblack stands. The board
has already inaugurated a crusade under
the supervision of Officer Beach against
the stands, twenty of which have been
removed from various parts of the city
to the corporation yard.
Before proceeding against the rest of
the stands which are illegally occupying
sidewalk space Commissioner Mdnson
thought it advisable to rescind permits
granted under an ordinance of the Board
of Supervisors, which the Board of
Works, however, always regarded as il
legal and was sustained In this conten
tion by a Superior Court decision. After
th" permits are revoked Beach, with the
assistance of two laborers, will continue
the demolition of the stands. About nine
teen owners of stands who have sued out
restraining orders to prevent the board
from removing them wi'.I not be disturbed
pending the settlement of the sulta.
Continue Crusade Against Occu- •
pants of Sidewalk Space.
Board of Public Works Will Then
WILL REVOKE PERMITS
! ' FOR BOOTBLACK STANDS
The Board of Education yesterday re
jected all bids received by the Board of
Public Works for heating and ventilating
the new N'oe Valley School building on
the ground of excessive cost and re
quested the last named board to reaxlver
tlse for bids for an approved modern
warm-air heating and ventilating system.
The board decided to exclude all systems
using steam for heating. The bids re
jected ranged from. $3000 to $8000.
With a view to the completion of the
Xoe Valley School the board adopted the
plans and specifications submitted by the
Board of Works for grading the lot at
an estimated cost of $1400.
The Board of Works was again re
quested to submit, plans for a sanitary
drainage system and foj' the fencing and
planking of v the yards and for the con
crete walls and for all other necessary
work to complete the Noe Valley School
building and grounds.
The Board of Education will go on Its
annual inspection of schools beginning
next Tuesday. The outside schools will
be visited and the Hunters Point School
will receive the first consideration of the
board. The Inspection is in accordance
with the regular custom of the board.
Board of Education Orders Plans and
Will Go on an Annual Tour
' of Inspection.'
TAKES STEPS TO COMPLETE
NOE VALLEY SCHOOLHOUSE
MARY CHARLOTTE ARMS
CONTESTS MURPHY'S WILL
Accuses Mary Robertson of Using
Undue Influence Upon the
Deceased.
Mary Charlotte Arms, granddaughter of
John Murphy, who died in August of last
year leaving an estate worth $20,000 to his
two grandsons, John J£ and William T.
Gavlgan, is dissatisfied with Murphy's
disposition of his estate and has Inaug
urated a contest of his will. The contest
was filed yesterday.
The contestant alleges that Murphy, for
weeks prior to his death, was under the
influence of oniates and was in no con
dition to make a will. She says that be
cause of his condition he was amenable
to the suggestions of i Mary Robertson,
who, the contestant alleges, used her po
sition in the Murphy home to prejudice
the dying man against all his relatives
but his grandsons. . :
FANTASTIC JEWELRY
WORN BY MEN
Anklets and • Bracelets and Evtn
Necklaces Among the Things
Affected bv Them.
Jewelry Is becoming more fashionable
for male wear every year, said a West
End goldsmith to the writer recently, and
a novelty will probably- have a more ex
tensive sale among men than among fair
jewel wearers of the opposite sex. We
ourselves keep an expert at work design
ing eccentric trinkets which are likely to
catch the fancy of our Yale customers.
The personal jewels of some peers are
worth fabulous sums, those belonging to
the Marquis of Anglesey being valued at
.€40.000.
The anklet Is becoming more popular
among men every season. It is worn just
above the boot, and generally consists of
a gold chain of fantastic design. Fifteen
guineas Is no uncommon price to pay for
one of plain gold, while those in which
jewels are set command anything from
£30 to £150.
The male craze for wearing bracelets
is steadily growing. King Edward wears
one on his left wrist Just out of sight,
which Is valued at a large sum. Gold
curbs are the most fashionable, but some
men prefer a bangle in which a minia
ture surrounded with brilliants is set.
There Is a large demand for such brace
lets this season, and they realize £30
each.
The fob chain is coming into favor
again and is generally of gold, handsome
ly embedded with jewels. The gold seal
at the end has now given way to all sorts
of fantastic adornments. For instance,
an officer lately home from South Africa
had a bullet which had been extracted
from his arm after an engagement set
In a fob chain and surrounded with emer
alds. He paid £130 for.it. Jeweled fobs,
however, frequently command as high as
£200.. '¦&£';
Necklaces are, being very largely worn
by men. A popular design is a gold chain
with a heart amulet attached, set with
pearls or brilliants, and the market price
is from 30 to 50 guineas, but in some
cases a locket containing a miniature
takes the place of the amulet. They are
worn Inside the waistcoat, with the chain
showing over the shirt front.
One of the finest pieces of male Jew
elry "I have seen was. a gold snuffbox
made to the order of a French lady of
title for her lover some months ago. The
box was only four Inches long by three
inches wide, and was handsomely en
graved, but the most remarkable feature
about it was that when opened a spring
set in motion a tiny musical box which
played one of, the most delightful selec
tions from "The Bohemian Girl."— Tit-
Bits.
To ordinary eyes a man 1000 yards away
—say on a rifle range— appears as a dot.
He could not "be shown as a man except
as being a smaller dot than a horse.
GOMPERS IS APPEALED
TO BY CARMEN'S UNION"
Livernash Goes East to Request Him
to Make the Closing
Argument.
The arbitration proceedings between the
Carmen's Union and the United Railroads
will be brought to a close next Wednes
day.
E. J. Livernash left last evening for
Washington. D. C, to confer with Presi
dent (lumpers of the American Federa
tion and to try and induce him, to make
the closing argument on behalf of the
carmen. . 1
SUPREME COURT AFFIRMS
JUDGMENT OF LOWER COURT
Defendants Hold That Claim of
Bank Is Barred by Statute
of Limitations.
A judgment of the Supreme Court in
the case of the Commercial and Savings
Bank of San Jose vs. John A. Horn
berger and Kate Ilornberger affirming
but modifying the decision of the lower
court was given yesterday. The defend
ants appealed to the Supreme Court on
the ground that the claim of the Com
mercial and Savings Bank of San Jose
against them was barred by the statute
of limitations, and further claimed that
erroneous attorney fees had been allowed.
The Supreme Court affirmed the judgment
of the lower court that the claim of the
bank was not barred by the statute of
limitations, but allowed that erroneous
attorney fees had been allowed to the
amount of $400.
Bishop Talbott of the Episcopal church
has a ready wit. While in Wyoming not
long ago a cowboy who was slightly in
toxicated rode up and said: "Hullo! I'm
glad to see you. Where in did I see
you before?" The Bishop quietly an
swered: "I am not sure, my friend. From
what nart of hades do you come?" The
Bishop called recently on Archdeacon
Radcllffe of Stroudsburg, Pa.,, and said:
"Are you well. Archdeacon?" Dr. Rad
cllffe said he never felt better. "I ara
glad to hear you say so." said the Bish
op, "for I want you to work like the
devil." The Archdeacon looked shocked,
but Bishop Talbott added: "You know
the devil is always working."
The Kansas City Star has begun suc
cessfully the operation of its paper mill,
built at Kansas City. Kans., within the
last nine months. The capacity of the
mill Is fortv tons of white paper daily,
all of which will be consumed by the
Star, and its morning paper, the Times.
The paper is made from pulp shipped
from Cbnada. There is only one other
newspaper in the world that manufac
tures ita own paper— the London Tele
graph.
The cowry shell came to have value In
much the same way that value has been
attached to gold. It waa regarded by
the West Africans who saw It as a con
venient form of money; but it was diffi
cult to obtain It. The cowry shell la
found only on the coasts of a number of
islands off the southwest shores of India.
It bad to be carried thousands of miles
to the west coast of Africa, where ther«
was a demand for it, and so real value
became attached to it and it could bo
used as money.
When the world's supply of coal is ex
hausted, which is not a matter of imme
diate worry, the eucalyptus tree, may be
grown as a substitute. The eucalyptus
stores ud more of the sun's energy than
any other tree (1 per cent of that re
ceived on the unit of area), and in South
Africa it has been found cheaper to raise
it than to import coal. An acre of eu
calyptus plantation will produce each year
the equivalent of thirty tons of coal.
The woman had been drinking heavily
since her arrival in this city. She took
the poison In the apartments of a man
she met on the steamer.
She has a sister named Mrs. E. McFar
land, residing at 1016 Mission street, and
a brother, Sydney L. Blaser. who former
ly conducted a cigar stand at 126'^ O'Far
rell street.
Later she was removed to MeXutt's
Hospital In charge of Dr. Koskowitz. At
a late hour last night It was stated that
she would- recover.
A woman named Ollie Blaser, who re
turned from the Orient on the steamship
Sierra last Monday, took a dose of car
bolic acid yesterday afternoon at the
Touralne Hotel on Ellis street. She' was
hurried to the Emergency Hospital, and
for a time her condition was regarded as
critical.
RETURNED TRAVELER
- ATTEMPTS HER LIFE
Ollie Blaser Swallows Carbolic Acid,
but. Is Discovered in Time
to Save Her.
H. Thompson and his wife Gertrude are
the plaintiffs in a suit for damages filed
yesterday against the Sharon Estate
Company, proprietor of the Grand Hotel.
They ask for $*>000 damages and costs of
suit, alleging that through the careless
ness of the defendant corporation Mrs.
Thompson was severely injured.
According ta the complaint, the com
pany's carelessness consisted of keeping
in room 212 of the hotel a defective chair.
Mrs. Thompson occupied the room from
January 1 of this year to January 13. On
the evening of the last named date she
retired to her room and proceeded to take
what comfort she could out of one of
the chairs in the room. It suddenly broke,
precipitating her to the floor with such
force that her hip was dislocated. "
Mrs. Gertrude Thompson Seeks Mon
etary Balm for Injuries Re
ceived at the Grand.
BREAKING OF HOTEL CHAIR
CAUSE OF A DAMAGE SUIT
She avers in her complaint that Mrs.
Loughery separated from her husband iri
the eatjy '70'f, and that when she, the
plaintiff, was born Mrs. Loughery was
living with her parents. This was in 1S>79.
and, al!rge s Miss Crowe, the deceased re
mained vrft>i her folks until June 1838
when she bought 'the Pine street prop
erty and moved there, taking the plain
tiff with her, the understanding being
that upon the death of Mrs. Lougherj
the property was to go to her godchild.
Anne E. Crowe, grrandnieee and god
rhSld of the late Mrs. Bridget Anne Crowe
Cioughery, filed a suit yesterday to quiet
j|tle !of residence at C025 Pine ftreet
itrunst Edward J. Loughery. husband of
her d<*cfased relative. Mrs. Ix>ughery
died intestate a fhort time ago. and her
husband. *rom whom she had been sepa
rated for many years, now claims the
home fhe and the plaintiff occupied for
years. Miss Crowe says the property was
acquired by Mrs. Loughery long after she
h.Td left her husband. She claims to be
able to prove this statement, and also her
assertion that the deceased intended to
aive th«» place to her.
»-.. ..i>.»^rjn u.is uuires ai -i\j auiier
=treet. His residence, where he and his
ivife spent their unhappy davs. Is at 215C
=uttrr street.
W • 4 . . . . . •*WWWW*»~."«*W 9
DISPUTE OVER PROPERTY
REVEALS FAMILY SKELETON
hnne E. Crowe Says She Is Entitled
to Realty Left by Wife of
E. J. Loue-herv.
Mrs. McLran evidently agreed with the
floctor at this time, at least so far as the
suggestion of divorce is concerned, even
though she did not take steps to procure
ane until seven months later. She makes
no ppecific complaint of the treatment
accorded her by her husband from' Janu
ary 10 until Aprl! 15. It was on the latter
33te, she alleges, that he completed hrr
misery and drove her to an appeal to the
rourts by demanding that slie should con
sider his every expressed wish as a com
snr.d.
f f xr WANT you to understand now
C C 1 1 that I propose to have my
! I every expression of a wish
•^*- treated as a command without
question from you."
Thesp are the words accredited to Dr.
Robert A. McLean, professor of surgery
at the University of California and one
of tbebest known and most skillful phy-
Flrians on the Pacific Coaj«t, by Viola A.
McLean in a complaint for divorce filed
by her yesterday. They were uttered, ac
cording to her complaint, last April, or a
Utt'.e more than a year after she became
the physician's wife. They cut her to the
quick, pays Mrs. McLean, and because she
is a highly-strung, proud and sensitive
woman caused her the most intense
mental anguish. It is because of these
words and others alleged to have been
used by the doctor during the course of
his very short married life that she wants
her freedom. Incidentally the wants $500
a month alimony and permission to re
sume her maiden name, Glrvin.
It Is only too evident from the com
plaint that the marriage of Dr. McLean
to beautiful Viola C. Girvin waa not pro
ductive of happiness. The blame for it is
laid at the doctor's door by his wife, as
in her complaint she alleges that ever
Fir.ce their marriage, January C, 1902. he
has Fpoken to her only in the most
abrupt manner and in a way that
chocked her and caused her keen mental
figony. She says that at times he has
also been profane, and was frequently
discourteous, with the result that she
fears to live longer with him will seri
ously endanger her health.
Their first open rupture occurred Janu
ary 10 of this year, when Dr. McLean, she
alleges. Informed her that she was not to
dare to have an opinion of her own.
"You are always," she alleges he said
on this occasion, "expressing your opin
ion about matters and offering objections
to my commands. You are to have no
opinion except- my own. A wife should
have no opinion except her husband's,
and unless you surrender yourself com
pletely to me we Fhall have to have a
Jlvorce."
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, AUGUST 23, 1903.
Mrs; Dr. Robert A. McLean Objects to Her
Husband's Ideas of How She Should Act
>. and Sues for a Divorce for Cruelty
MARITAL YOKE WEIGHS
H E A V I L Y 0 N YOUNG W I F E
PROMINENT PHYSICIAN AND
SURGEON WHO _IS BEING
SUED FOR 1IVORCE.
29
"JUST GATHERED,"
The beautiful fruit study to be
given away FREE with next
SUNDAY'S CALL, will make a
handsome dining-room picture
if framed closely in ebony and
ornamented burnished gold, size
'IO^xISj^.
ADVEETISEMENTS.
B $\ P^^S^Itf^ Is the joy of the household, for without
M W' it no happiness can be complete. How
1 elii I Tf t^B sweet the picture of mother and babe,
¦MaBBr fa angels smile at and commend the
Pi fSI /"3k H JBSS S2B ' OU S^ S an( l aspirations of the mother
Yltl fc?ra B mW BL bending over the cradle. The ordeal through
ill/ 11 II 1 1 1 J m m^ which the expectant mother must pass, how-
W %B 9 Bll CVCr ' is SO *"** of dan S er and 6 uffering that
she looks forward to the hour when she shall
feel the exquisite thrill of motherhood with indescribable dread and
fear. Every woman should know that the danger, pain and horror
of child-birth can be entirely avoided by the use of Mother's Friend,
a scientific liniment for external use only, which toughens and renders
pliable all the parts, and — . _^ — ¦¦¦¦"——— ¦ *-*¦
assists nature in its sublime fataa &Lwk gT rJI W- M3& 9
work. By its aid thousands m H E^ gi mat
of women have passed this IWlSi 11 If ft WL. B Bj €^
* * • • r r a BB IB Ml u KB Hi mSSSm BB W
great crisis in perfect safety
and without pain. Sold at $i.oo per gB RBk ¦ HI A H Hh|
tottlc by druggists. Our book of priceless gL J^S I wL HU B H
value to all women sent free. Address f gMg B|| If
CtUOfMEUD REGULATOR CO.. At I mat*. Cm. B B «9 H KB B W BBr
AD VEB.TISZ2U5U TS.
Keep Your Insides Cool
y^S^p^Sibi Here's a man who thinks he has heart dis-
a ease, and is scared half to death. His face
£lMy^ Jjk ls a^ drawn out of shape from fear and
agony. Every time he eats, his heart "pal-
(V^jjffjlf j£3%l&EtgrTk P' tatcs " —^ at simply means that hi3 stom-
YT*^§y£ $Js!rW&& ac^ * s swe^ c<^ U P w ' 1^ gases from fer-
%fi$g&^ Zf* l^r ment ' n 5 undigested food, and his heart
>jii^^> * m/§ against his diaphragm. Nothing
W l*^d&W *h c matter with his heart In the summer
\\ IASjmEsb time, this pas distention is much worse, his
AXVY^ -mJfflr whole body and blood get over-heated, and
s heart and lungs get so crowded for
room, that he gasps for breath. There he
g^^lgfgfl^l^sSfefc^ is, look at him ! Every minute he ex-
L^ /^k^.^ra»|gfr pects to drop dead. As a matter of
4F }&£h OmR fact, all he needs is to stop that souring
fr"" 1^ ¦ -¦ anc^ as f° rm ' n S i° his stomach and
I •> H -^ m * mm bowels, help his digestion along, and
i keep cool inside. You all know that
.v whenever something rots or decays,
heat develops. Same in the body.
Wr&Egr Keep cool inside ! Take a candy ca-
thartic CASCARET every night at
bed-time. It will work while you sleep, clean up and cool your
insides, give you a regular, comfortable movement in the morning,
and you'll be feeling fine all day every day. Heart Disease ! Fudge I
/£?t«fc m. ahaAh. Beat for the Bowels. All drnrgltts, toe, «5C, 50c Never sold la bul*.
ffCl V»V Aa]ft V ?* ¦¦> The genuine tablet tumped CCC. Ouaraateed to curt «r your m«a«»
V^yyay.TVry back. Sample «nd booklet free. Address
* *^^ Sterlinc Remedy C».,Cnicato or New Ytrfc... __ 857 jj
JOE ROSENBERG'S. | ., JOE ROSENBEBCPg. | JOE ROSENBERG'S. | JOE ROSENBERG'S. 1 ; ¦ JOE' ROSENBERG'S.
PPlGE CUTTEP IS WORKING -AGAIN
f DOKT YOU HEAR THE RASPING 50DND ? JS^SSS-" 111 A
L OUR CLEARlNCi KNIFE. IS BEING OROUN D ? I^'H'iB'*'"™ /r\s
ii^^M^k LADIES' Is Money Worth Saving? If so Come The Discouraged Purse Will Receive This ls th« smill * |l
mM^sL VB6TS - Here. . Comfort Here. store with th. «m.ll / r ...f|Q\
4 TflJJgJB BSSSk Iade of Pure SADIES' PATENT LEATHER Me CROATS now 17c. made of Import- «P«lSe taat sens
il ¦fnTWm"Sfl3gaa> vega bilk; BELTB— Made of uncrackable leather, ed cheviot and madras, in colored. with, the small profit.
No W siee e ve S ; and '^ve- toT h "^ liarn .?r. S .... bU 10c anWashaWe^no^ d "' Sn9i fMl 1°-" Come here and be convinced.
imvBBF^^, '" Swls « Rlbbed : • KICKINA DE EVli" COLLAR" and „ ,„, i/liO
V IlK'Xzi .i^y^M Now 42c Money Savers and Money-Saving tie combined, made x>t wash duck 6&0& Good Gloves at Cut Prices.
\i EadsSlfeslaStl) : • > : " o ,„„„ and openwork beading, with lawn »V» LADIFS' KID GLOVES—
T«3rW*r Prices. «tring 3 for tie. Very chic, but low In If fi Mide of imported Prenchkld
•III tf^ftiEl , B ;=> , • f'ADIES' COMBINATION POCKET price 2 5 C KZ8 l| oi-erseam-Vutched; patent 2
iMii-'MM^ alaSplritC BOOK and PURSE-Made of seal, mo- LADIES' LACE COLLARS are In Ef H clasps; in browns, ffreen.
JllffSSttt^Tflnf Corset— rocco and Levant kid; some sterling sil- great demand now and here are some at Sf«f3 blues, also black and white.
fiflWlU/ iWU Newest ver trimmet . others plain; patent steel an exceedingly low price, made of hand- m Instead of U and |1 SO. now..
/ 1 »lf WI French qh fl n« f rame: the ki , nd Z?? n c ?o nn °t. fe m .°", ey made battenberg In ring designs in Ara- W OOc
' U'ia^ JJiaL— v iTfnch Shape out of. . Regular $1.50, $2 and $2.50 kinds; bian color, now T 7.-,e
Now $1 Monday and Tuesday, price .".tie ( . Instead of 31 00 and SJ 25 Man-
0^ v LADIES' CHATELAINE BAGS— Odds and Ends af Fmhrm'Hnru mSteaa 07 fl.UU ana fi.JO UQn-
' Made of fine cut steel beads, hand At :„ onnr^fw y day and Tuesday 85c.
TninlL. n.tr 1 tl 5 ;« „ tll ,¦ , crocheted, suede lined, with a patent TJ^^, n ODD LOW frj/attflniFSSK r *nivy wiwinTP «r v \w«!H
Totally Different Than You Have Attention! steel frame; nower designs; not one less PRICE. .t-jJgH^l^jro J'ADIEb^ASHABLE SILK MESH
Ever Seen Them Marked Before. Milliners and Dressmakers. .°:.f!°Si:7S «£g,S5 SSSg&l < ffiS t^kf^ho^fSl
TPP N p.W B ATT ENBERG CEN- . Just received by last night's express, , , J[ pieces; some with $£$$%&[ . ™*£ fl No 3 w St the * 1OVe f , Or tMs sea gS '
'^ 1KCr i S - 12 lnches »4«are; also 90 pieces of MOUSSELINE DE SO1E. 43 £$fr^*&* S * r * tO **S**^45t§> 'nation to match; -/MSHS^SgraW^ L, VL \V~ ~'^.'.
round ones the same .width; extra heavy inches wide- in pink, blue, cardinal irzZj&y^ ma' 1^ on tine nain- '#>:£* jmffS^9^' Sale OT»rreU-Stre«t JTatranc*.
inen center, with wide handmade Rat- grenn, also black and white; high luster KJSSf MA Ym, Fuaf feS^r sook, also cambric?; f** < t&£ft r @£c^>
tenberg lace; full worth 50c; cut to and perfect color; now ....(J.",c \M? OldYOUtver blind and open work m{ y AdvQr{ ; SB /,
'2-7*1 . dftir Attend a edges in the newest designs. F,n**lu Wh * W n «\ I?
Ladies' Long Kimonas Nothing More Chic or Stylish Than Rummage Sale? £ ggig. --;:;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;ip > g S vests- l«$l
tFor the coming Indian sum- the New Chains for the Neck. 1Iere is one In RIBBONS at surpris- 6Oc qua ii ty> now ;{.-j e j MW neck and no g i ee ves. ff^jIii'X
mer months; made of 1m- ,,., itawat..^ lngly low P rlces : odd and end pieces: other* Sale on bareain wlth hand crochetted yoke |ife*r3
ported colored lawn; square f*T\ , "^1, HAWAIIAN' SHELL all-ntlk and the washable kind; dotted c^"'V r % n a \. ket X ee t entrance and over shoulder. Swla. W&&
yoke, back trimmed with il \ BEADS-ln the real pointed and plain, embroidered and striped- counter. Market street entrance. ribbed. Pure Vega Silk. RwlS
SSP-BS^iSRSs-^S-fflSfe \-4 «« s e :« g rS! Sj&jg&lS&g : ~}M Good Hose From the Good Store at %?*'£*£££&&.
'Tis Folly to Be Wise Unless YOU I -Made of'-fihell and beVd^ On sale at our bargain counter, center hasYatuTht ufa'llthe defects, anil ' |£%. I^?J™ 1 ? 1 * * GOODS
D ~r*k u If combined, -.72 . Inches ¦ long. of Btore ' get the benetlt of that. Vj Ml j S^ f G ?- Mad , e »2 f cheviot
rrOTIt Oy It. \ . I inrle-p not thp aualitv hv th» / 'j' i 111 „.,„ _„_.„_ ..,,__ ,/Di ana Madras cloth; striped
fE«H '^IF^SB These «in<y Afternoons ffip £»Sf | $ Sg. SfSsfH lit W$M kMA
ors; three to rive Inches wide; 50c, 60c some at low prices. Made fijz::- :ri ©•»« II flTTWefil outwear «lx nalrs of anv ha!e on bargain counter,
and 75c quality; cut to 35 C of tempered steel Jet flfcs -JEssl „..„.„ r . u . D , l*.*^^ other kind made; all O'Farrell-street entrance.
NORMANDY LACE, in flower and , hea . d: , rust P roof - 8 " Why Not Buy a Good Hair Brush sizes at one price 25c
leaf designs; full five inches wide; the 'q^CrV^nwP S/rPiKq-^riin-r 11 When you can buy TWm .. „„„„ INDIES' HOSE-Made of Our Low Prices Make Us Busy.
B vv^'^, 'S^^- 1 ?';" yarU vor m floTr d^gnr eSC/pm ,^ em >, at a PrlC^ f§Sfc*^^ Fre^c^ lisle in the new open- (£*5?<^ CI'SIIION COVERS-Made of silk fln-
VENISE GALOONS one inch wide. At the Drice-cutter ! s ...' 1 <»,: like these solid wood «3fc»««^ work lace effect: double heel YmtZS? Ished aateen; in flower designs and dlf-
in flower and star design*: .butter and Aune pnn lltc hacks, in light and . m(1 toe; fasit , (lack , n new tj^B^ fer ent combination of colors: you will
Arabian colors; prices cut to close dark colors; pure v " f patterns; real worth 25c.- Spe-, more than appreciate these at this low
15c a yard Important if True and True It IS. white hog bristles? Not at drugstore £ j • ...10c' ts f^ price I.i 10c
„ D . D . We are overstocked In SUMMER UN- Prices, but our cut price lOe T cn %>t^
No Premiums or Prizes derwear, and our low prices, must cushion cords, at cut prices, made 17 c Instead of 50c. s *^* In Greater Demand Than Ever— the
BUT FULL MONEY'S WORTH FOR make th * m K°- of fancy colored yarns, with extra heavy LADIES' HOSE— Summer weight: „ _ ....
EVERY PENNY YOU SPEND IN LADIES' VESTS— Low neck and no cord and tassels, 3^4 yards long. In dif- W hite grounds with different designs of New Drape Veil.
THIS STORE. -^ sleeves, deep yoke of openwork lace ef- ferent combination of colors. >«ow.J»>e figures in black; double heel and toe; The NEW DRAPE _ r -.. u _ f
LADIES' HANDKER- #9k lect. mnde of KnK'Hsh thread. Rich^l.Mi ,,.,„,.,„, • full length. Being late in the season. VEIU mad* of all-silk >S?v55>>^
CHIEFS - Direct from ?, T& and Swiss ribbed, in Tvlth col- Ladies Skirt Chemise. we >ave cut the price to reduce our French chiffon. 40 i-5ltS£5gg^a1fr
Belfast, where the best J)«K ored lace yokes. At the pHce-cutter s Square yoke flntah, made of Isow 17c inches long:, hemstitch- \^?fn/i
Jiandkerchiefs are made; x^ /TYl *^ ¦*i'""^C""."l-V.Vri.'^.'V^V.'"X^"^.'AV,'rA ' i-r** frj Valenciennes lace. trimmed . ed borders: dotted and *"' /?• *V-^' ll*\
'made of X X lawn and (§>*/ i FR A ? E I w™ " wfthflouncland lace to match /„ Hunting for Good Mus/in Under- Plain: In the new blue T. *%*£
hemstitched; now ',\c ER— There is comfort and ease in wear- /flflL^a voUe Liberal in width and * brown, also black and '-^VV
LADIES' UAXUKER- /Zffi^J h *:,U*$S^^ "¦<""• jS'.S At ' hC "?<£ fX>
CHIEKS-Made of soft feSJ shaped to 111 the form; "ummc? wetght'vAM/ T «» lla !' 7r> " You do not n«a a do» cu "«iL^;"" — •¦"ft?. ,
h i° A d D "i d s- ssp^S^^ ™ s#p|#;s£§| ««!>¦¦ a^ss^» t^js *&&$&. sax-
of pure Belfast linen. 14 and V4 inch sey knit, cusseted arms, neck finished " » leev "- " eck , and >' oke trimmed with f - ,„,„,. cutting, now
hem; now (Kic apiece with beadlnc and silk ribbon running Torchon lace insertion and hemstitcned X Here is a few exam- Sale OTarreU-Street Entraac*.
GENTS' HANDKERCHIEFS-Made through. You never got the equal for tucks. Don t worry about the fit. \\ e pies of our good muslin ;. x%r
of extra heavy linen; % and 1 inch hem; • 50c guarantee that and the price 8.x? underwear at low prices. Ladies' Shirt Waist Suits Of Tun
full sizes; now 1C)C apiece T a d T V <T rnMRlNATinN LADIES' WHITE SKIRTS, made of LADIES' DRAWERS, made of soft Laa '°* °" /rr naiSX HUITS Or I UO
- . oJ-it^ t^W r.nv «n,i il VUca. muslin, trimmed with an 18-inch bleached muslin, umbrella cut. with a Suits at One-Half Price
"Lest Ye Forget" • . j> '¦ S^fMliSH? B£^Sr^^ A f» *SS%Sh 1™
Heducing Stock and Cutting Prices. :,< ; I. "X amMrinlSE! wfttt t$Zi> "o-nomicai pr.ee »r,c French ba n d,. Prtee 4.-,,; JL Sf ,S', n J e E.,ff t n Sd. I1 .Ma t iJ:
t, LADIES' PETTICOAT, ' ; /, ;' wide crocheted lace, jersey * m£Sb piques and butcher linen: some
JLt made of heavy Italian cloth, ]' ',' knit; made of velvet finished ¦ g-^ ¦— nAOFKiriFnA ~..w- ~^.~r- .»...»¦.-_ Iace trir-med. others embroid-
fA7 in fancy black and white U •'¦ thread. Far below the or! K l- E I B l~ W* 9 1 V S" RU B-S IT" hP 9 n THE PRICE-CUTTER aW±. *-red: no two alike.
\L. strli)es; trimmed In deep mil s.-lliny lirlc.', now 5O«? «i if I 1^18 WL fl IJ LBa\l i^'v^- v^ j££Zs*b. Regular $4.50 quality, now
liAa flounce, with two ruffles, with LADIES' TIGHTS-Made of silk tin- v -»w v -w <S^4f? J§U.7."J
viitfi^v slx tailor-stitched bands; ished lisle, ankle length, jersey knit, kid RIK Market QtrPPt II fl'FarrpH 7* Regular J3.0O quality, now
$J$l% made expressly for us; they fitting tops, giving small waist; fast OID |VIdl KtJl »>«Ct5l. II U VtiVVVH OUtCl. r .»2.08
hang as they should. ' Price. . black, shaped and perfect tittliiK. The ... • .. , .,.,, ADnuDO oni TPiTrn Regular $3.C« quality, r.uw 5v"»..">O
Sl.Ot) Alpha make. At Joe Rosenberg's.. 75c . MAIL ORDERS SOL.It.il H.U. Sizes 34 and 36.SIR WILLIAM CROOKES. WHO FROM HIS INFANCY HAS SHOWN A
NATURAL BENT FOR SCIENTIFIC RESEARCH AND WHOSE FAME
AS A CHEMIST IS WORLD-WIDE.
It is officially announced that China will, yield to American demand and will provide for two
open ports in her disturbed dominion. Out of the maze of uncertainty, rumor and gossip comes the
reality of a new fact in our foreign policy. The door to China will be open. After we enter it will come
the more difficult problem of getting out without jostling with our troublesome national neighbors.
A man who is eighty years of age and who has spent fifty of those dishonored years in prison
was cpnvicted again the other day of an offense which will send him to the penitentiary. He prob
ably feels that his intermittent appearance and freedom among decent people and in wholesome sur
roundings was an interruption in the^ progress of his legitimate career. He is 'going, where he
belongs. . .,
The Grand Army of the Republic has come among us and Has gone. Probably for the last time
we have seen the heroes of forty years ago as a body, and if they think of us as we'do^of them they
are pleased with their week's association with us and glad to have been in such good, company. The
old soldiers who fought for the Union are still the idols of the American people.
A bull fighter suing in a minor court for his salary, denied him by a manager on the score that
his performance was inferior, asked permission, a few days ago, to present his fight, bull and all, in
court as a proof of the justice of his claim. His extraordinary demand was refused. He should
have known that wolves, not bulls, fight in the courts; of San Francisco.
Townsend's California glace fruits and
candies. 60c a pound. In- artistic fire
etched boxes. A nice present for Eastern
friends. 715 Market st, above Call bldg. •
Special information supplied daily to
business houses and public men by the
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 230 Cali
fornia street. Telephone Main 1042. •
During the nineteenth century London
grew from a *city of 800.00D people to one
of 6.&00.000— that Is, increased eight-fold.
New York Increased from 60,000 to 3,500,
000 — nearly sixty fold. London Is noW
Increasing 17 per cent In a decade and
New York S3 per cent, or twice as fast.
If this rate, should hold good for fifty
years more New York would have over
15.000,000 population and be 1,000,000 ahead
of London.
and tiger. Of the latter he has to hi
credit upward of 200, shot or shared in
as sportsmen say.
The report was circulated recently that
William Watson, the poet. Is in dangrr
of losing his eyesight. It i3, fortunately.
not so bad as that, but he will have to
exercise the greatest care. He Is not
allowed to read or write, and Just at pres
ent Is staying at Bristol, under the care
of Dr. Cross, the well known oculist.
Francis Cribble, who, by the way, was
a close friend of Phil May— whose srud
den death came as a great shock to lit
erary and artistic circles the ouier day—
and who was the first editor of Phil May's
funny, popular Annual, is now busily at
work on the shores of Lake Thun, where
he intends remaining a considerable time.
He Is engaged In writing a romance
based on the Franco-Prussian wax. Some
of the Incidents which he is using fore
shadow and account for the antl-milltar
ist movement, which is now assuming re
markable proportions on the Continent.
It is not decided yet whether the book
shall be published this autumn, as ar
rangements have yet to be made regard
ing Its serialization.
WHILE'the dread forces of insurrection and revolt that are disturbing the Balkan states
with pillage, arson, battle and massacre hold public attention by reason of the frightful
atrocities committed and the lurid tales told concerning them, let us not wholly overlook
the unhappy fate of the dwellers in high society, for they, too, are suffering because
insurrectionary forces are invading their peculiar realms, storming their holy citadels and doing a
Cakewalk in their sacred ballrooms. " •
We need not dwell upon the fearful stories that come from London telling how the haunts of
the nobility are thronged by aspiring plutocratic Huns from the wilds of African gold fields, or the
dangerous depths of Chicago stockyards ; for these stories are like chestnuts and have whiskers on
them as stubby as the spikes of a chestnut burr. London society, as we know, has long since been lost,
and only now and then there arises-out of the discordant din of the invading hosts some feeble wail
of one of the good old aristocracy, to remind us that it was ever a temple of the elect and the festival
ground of a beauty and a chivalry.too good for common clay.
It is more interesting to note that the invading hosts, having overrun London, are now pour
ing their forward floods over Berlin, while the recoil is spreading disaster over Newport. Advices
from each of those courtly centers are distressing, and it is .impossible at this distance to decide with
any approach of accuracy which of the two is suffering most. Berlin complains that, the Kaiser has
entertained a Vanderbilt, and that seems dreadful ; but on the other hand Newport complains that
the haunts of the Vanderbilts have been profaned by persons fresh from lamb-fleecing in Wall street,
and that is worse.
One of the wretched sufferers in Berlin, complaining bitterly of the Kaiser for receiving the
barbaric hordes from America, says: "If the whole Four Hundred should visit Germany in a body it
will be his policy to entertain them as if they were all descended from Charlemagne. Any Senator,
Congressman, State Governor, judge or colonel may count on the same magnificent hospitality. Even
Tammany would be received with open arms. The noble company of free lunchers should make all
haste to Germany for the autumn holidays and a round of official feasts. The Kaiser keeps open
castle, and they can order what they please."
The assertion that the Vanderbilt hordes from the United States have invaded Germany
as "free lunchers" is of, course nothing more than the natural exaggeration of a storm-tossed heart. It
may be described as "the language whose excess imparts the power they feel so well," and accepted as
convincing evidence that the cakewalk has stepped heavily upon the gouty toe of German pride.
Listen next to the wail of woe from Newport. Several of the most indomitable leaders of the
exclusives have abandoned that place to the invaders and have fled to the inner lines of intrenchment
in order to hold there the citadel of society secure against the oncoming hosts of bulls, bears, porkpack
ers, land boomers and Indiana poets. The complaint is that Newport is "full of parvenus," and it must
be remembered that in the language of Newport "parvenu" is as much a term of reproach' as is "free
luncher" in Berlin. So the one place not only suffers as much as the other, but is as loud in its wail.
It is quite probable that in the near future we shall hear similar stories -from Vienna and St.
Petersburg, for the invading army of free lunch parvenus is marching eastwards That being so, the
only sure place for society is San Francisco. Here in a balmy climate where every prospect pleases,
there will be freedom for all from the interloper, and should the worst come, the exclusives can find
a last refuge on the Farallones. ( - ;:- : fs£-i.
SOCIETY IN DISTRESS.
A Philadelphia clergyman lunching at
the Catholic Club recently was asked to
set an estimate on the expenses of . the
late conclave in Rome for the election of
a successor to Leo XIII. He goes to
Rome at least once a' year and is on fa
miliar, terms with many of the -under
functionaries of the Vatican.
"I can't Bay." he answered, "as to the
cost of the conclave that chose Pope Plus
X. but I do know that the conclave of
1878, which resulted in the election of
Leo XIII involved two 2>Uls, one of $11.
574 28 for carpenters' and masons' work,
locksmiths, painters, gas. glaziers and
electric bells: . the omer. of $1000 (or fit
ting up £he Sistlne Chapel. But this was
dirt cheap compared with the- figures for
some preceding conclaves. .That of 1821,
when Gregory XVI was elected, cost $144.
736 18.. and the" elections of Pius VITI and
Leo XII were responsible for $127,702 and
$98,423, <¦ respectively.' These conclaves all
took place. during the .last century; but
before' that period conclaves . were both
longer and more freauent. so that It was
found necessary , on several , occasions to
limit . beforehand - the expenditure on a
papal election. Thus Alexander VIII lim
ited, the number of the functionaries of
the . conclave and . cut . down their emolu
ments and perquisites."— New York Com
«aerclal. ,
High functions of the church of Rome
cost money. The choice of a Pope has
to be paid for out of the contributions of
faithful Catholics— and it is no cheap af
fair.
The Cost of Conclaves.
Other novels which have kept in the
forefront of demand are "Pigs In Clover,"
"Four Feathers," "In the Guardianship of
God," "Lady Rose's Daughter," "Park
Papers" and "My Lady of the Bass."
Two biographical works have also tak
en a big share in making July such a
satisfactory month for th© trade. These
are "Letters of a Diplomat's Wife" and
"Orrery Papers," by the Countess of
Cork.
Preparations are now begun for the au
tumn publishing:, but they cannot be said
to be going forward very actively.
There is nothing the publishers dread
so much as a general election, especially
if it be suddenly sprung upon them. Last
time It resulted in tremendous losses for
those who had many books in the press,
and now the rumors of a general election
before the close of the year, even though
little or, no reliance may be put on these
rumors, are. having a very disquieting ef
fect on publishers, who say they might
as well stop the presses . and give the
bookbinders a vacation at a season when
books have to give way to newspapers.
Publishers' minds are also running on
politics for the present, for they are
much exercised as to the effect a pref
erential tariff would have on their trade.
A great portion of the paper they use is
manufactured abroad. If this were taxed
home made paper would go up .in price
and the adjustment of the burden between
publishers and book buyers might be dif
ficult, if not embarrassing..
Among the books now printing which
promise special interest Is the volume of
"Reminiscences of Sir Montagu Gerard."
It will deal with his remarkable experi
ences as a soldier and huntsman of dan
gerous game. He Is a great sportsman.
He took part in the Abyssinian and Egyp
tian campaigns and In that against Arabl
Pasha. He has enjoyed unusual facilities
of exciting sport, principally with pl&
In fact, tlftre has been quite an aver
age sale for the month. This is all the
more satisfactory considering theTe has
been really nothing that could be term
ed unusually sensational to create a spe
cial demand. The sales In fiction, partic
ularly the six shilling novel, have been
rather above the average for July. The
consensus of booksellers' opinion Is that
the leading item of fiction has undoubted
ly been Neil Munro's "Children of the
Tempest," while another of the most
popular current issues has been "Eliza
beth's Children."
L.ONDON, Augv 22.— Now that the
booksellers have had time to
take stock of business during
July, they find It haa not been
so bad as was feared it would
turn out to be.
He next devoted h!s attention to the
discharges of electricity through highly
rarefied Rases, and to the development of
the theory he had formed in the course
of his previous experiments with thal
lium of the existence of a "fourth state
of matter."
The name of Crookes will forever be as
sociated with his remarkable discoveries
In connection with radiant matter arid his
evolution of the genesis of elements. The
results of his researches In highly rare
fied tubes caused him to assume the ex
istence of matter in ultra-gaseous form,
to which he applied the term of radiant
matter. He explained the novel phenom
ena of phosphorescence, trajectory ehad
owb, mechanical action, magnetization
and Intense heat possessed by matter in
ultra-paseous etate. It was a remark
able discovery that stormed the BdenUflc
world, for it was of enormous range, as
the discoverer conclusively proved by
demonstrating: that -while some radiant
matter was as stable as a chair, other
forms were of the character of radiant
energy. It was the fringe where matter
and force appeared to merge Into each
other.
Though at first received by the scien-
His has been a remarkable career.
Sir William Crookes is a born scientist.
He played with chemistry in his infancy,
practiced it during his youth— much to the
discomfiture of his parents, whose goods
and chattels suffered from the effects of
his experiments — and has developed It
ever since. He is now in his seventy
first year, having been born in 1S32. At
16 years cf ace he entered the Royal Col
lege of Chemistry as a pupil of the fa
mous Dr. Hoffmann, and acquitted him
eelf with such distinction that two years
later he was appointed Hoffmann's as
sistant. In IS:* he obtained the much
coveted post of superintendent of the
royal meteorological department of the
Radcllffe College of Oxford, which post
he subsequently relinquished In order to
devote his entire energies to the pursuit
of chemistry. With this view he accepted
the professorship of chemistry in the
Training College at Chester In 1S35.
"Scientific men are very like pavlors;
they lay down stones for future gen
erations to walk over, and wear out."
Such Is the presient explanation of scien
tific research and pursuit of a new dis
covery, expressed by Professor Sir Wil
liam Crookes, F. R. S., the eminent Brit
ish chemist. Science, although it pos
sesses a bewitenmg glamour to its disci
ple. Is yet a lenoly occupation. Great
ideas and pomsibllities of the hitherto un
known, drawn upon the mind of the chem
ist, only to be followed by years of pa
tient Investigation, ceaseless experiments
and roDcatftd failures. When an epoch
making discovery bursts upon the ¦world
not an evanescent thought Is bestowed
upon the years of protracted labor and
Intricate calculation? that such a discov
ery" has entailed. Sir William Crookes
can relate many such experiences. When
he discovered the new element thallium
he promptly set to work among other
numerous experiments to ascertain its
atomic weight— 203.G42. The figures were
worked o*-t as far as the first decimal
point with comparative ease, but to de
termine the second decimal figure in
volved no less than two years of patient
labor.
His experiments with this new element
covered the period of eleven years from
1862 to 3873.
Professor Crookes' discovery of thal
lium, like Dr. Roentgen's discovery of the
X-rayf, was to a very preat extent the
result of an accident. He was engaged
in the examination, by the spectroscope,
of the residue which results from the
manufacture of sulphuric acid, when his
attention was attracted by a bright em
erald preen line which asserted itsejf.
This line had never been noticed before,
and he consequently followed up its ap
pearance, with tlie result that he suc
ceeded in ijeolatins: a new metal •which
he called thallium. The first piece of
this new element was placed on view at
the Great Exhibition in London of 1861,
and commanded universal attention.
It was the observation of certain anom
alous behavior of thallium when being
weijrhed In a vacuum, which he explained
as "expulsion from radiation." that led
to his invention of the radiometer.
first year, is still working
away in his Laboratory with as much
energy and vigor as when he began his
first original researches fifty-two years
*go.
RECE-VT discoveries and events
in the scientific world have
aroused renewed Interest in
Professor Sir William Crookes,
who, thoueh in his seventy-
He has received many distinguished
awards In recognition of his many valua
ble contributions to science. In 1880 he
received from the French Academle des
Sciences their gold medal and a purse of
3000 francs; in 18S5 the Davy medal of the
Royal Society of Great Britain was be
stowed upon him. He is a royal medal
list, and his crowning recognition came -In
1897, when he was knighted for his
achievements by the late Queen Victoria.
The charm of Professor Crookes' char
acter is his honest, frank and simple
manner. He believes in the truth, and
is kindly and courteous to all those who
approach him. His laboratory is his ha
ven, and therein he passes the greater
part of his time among his retorts, spec
trographs, test-tubes and numerous other
scientific appliances, and what he regards
as much more Important, his extensive
library of works upon every conceivable
branch of science.
Professor Crookes is also deeply inter
ested in psychical research and lts^attend
ant phenomena, and is now endeavoring
to establish some connection between psy
chical and physical waves — to establish
the existence of "brain waves" to answer
the question, "What is thought?"
Owing to his immense knowledge, he Is
naturally associated with the leading
learned and scientific societies of Great
Britain, the presidential chair of many of
which he has occupied at one time or an
other. He has also made many valuable
contributions to scientific literature. His
best-known publications comprise: "Se
lect Methods in Chemical Analysis,"
"Manufacture of Beet-root Sugar in Eng
land," "Handbook of Dyeing and Calico
Printing." "Dyeing and Tissue Printing."
"The Profitable Disposal of Sewage" and
"The Wheat Problem." In 1859. he found
ed the Chemical News, and in 1864 he be
came editor of the Quarterly Journal of
Science.
In his presidential address to the Brit
ish association in 1898 he announced the
discovery of yet another number of the
rarer earths— monium or victorium.
The investigations of this eminent sci
entist have not been confined to a select
ed few of the many fields of chemical re
search, but to all its ramifications, with
the result that he has bestowed incalcu
lable benefits upon various manufactures.
He discovered the sodium amalgamation
process of. separating gold and silver
from their respective ores; he carried out
numerous experiments with M. Molssan's
method of the manufacture of diamonds,
by which our very limited knowledge of
the nature of this substance has been
considerably extended; he Is deeply inter
ested in dyeing and calico printing, the
manufacture of beet sugar and the deriv
atives of anthracene, while he is one of
the greatest authorities in sewage and ar
tificial fertilizers. In 1871 he accompanied
the scientific expedition to Oran, and in
1S66, when the cattle plague caused such
widespread alarm in Great Britain, he
was appointed by the English Govern
ment to report upon the application «f
disinfectants for arresting the scourge.
Perhaps his most famous invention fa
miliar to the lay mind is the Crookes
tube, by means of which Professor Roent
gen was able to make his famous discov
ery of the phenomena of the X-rays.
tlflc world with skepticism, the course of
time has proved that Professor Crookes'
thesis of 1S79 was no wild chimera of the
laboratory, but an Indisputable fact,
which opened up a fresh untrodden field
In scientific investigation. The existence
of matter in an ultra-gaseous state, the
existence of material particles smaller
than atoms, the existence of electrons,
the emanations from uranium and the
dissociation of the elements have now all
been proved to be one homogeneous the
ory by the remarkable discovery of ra
dium and the experiments with this new
element by M. and Mme. Curie, so that
what was twentr-flve years ago regarded
as Professor Crookes* dream has at last
been realized.
WILLIAM WATSON. AUTHOR AND POET, WHOSE EYESIGHT
THREATENS TO FAIL HIM, BUT FOR WHOSE AFFLICTION AN
/ EMINENT OCULIST IS DOING WHAT HE CAN.
Even if the experiment cannot be made now, it might be arranged for in future congests. The
issue is in fact the only one that now interests the mass of American yachtsmen. For more than a
generation we have held the America's trophy against all comers, and have Avon in most cases wkh
such ease that after the first race the remaining contests of the match were hardly worth speculating
about. To persist in conducting the matches in the old way will result in a diminution of public interest
in them, and perhaps lead to^ their abandonment. To introduce the proposed exchange of crews
would at once renew popular interest. There would be a double issue at stake ; in every contest. The
men as well as the yachts would be squarely matched against one another, and we should doubtless
have the satisfaction of proving our superiority not only in the construction of yachts, but also
in that of handling them in a race.
The one question of keen interest to yachtsmen now is whether the superiority of the Ameri
can competitors in the various races that have been sailed for .the cup is due to superiority of yacht
construction or to superiority, of seamanship. That question has been asked more than once, but no'
answer has ever been given, because no trial has ever been made to test the relative importance of the
craft and of the seamen. A good opportunity «is now afforded to put the question to the test of experi
ment. Were the American crew to sail Shamrock III and the British crew to sail the Reliance, the
comparative showing made in that race would go far toward solving the issue. , • ~
The question of the comparative merits of the men and of the yacht has become more inter
esting of late because of the close, approach of the two yachts to similarity of construction. There is
no longer a British type and an American type of yachts to be matched the one against the Other. The
yacht builders of each side have borrowed the best points of the construction of the other, until now
there is no radical difference between them. In fact, the New York Sun recently said of Shamrock
III and the Reliance that they "are as alike as any two peas that ever came out of the same shell."
Such being the case it is quite probable that the success of the Americans in race after race should be
attributed to seamanship rather than to any assumed superiority in yacht building.*
It is an old saying that victory in battle is due not so much to the gun as to the man behind
me gun. The battles of our war with Spain appear to have established'that truth beyond the shadow*
of a doubt. Our warships were not much if any superior to Spanish ships, our guns were jiot better
and our ammunition was in some respects inferior. We won in every fight because our men were able
to handle their guns more rapidly and to shoot straighter than the foe. Tt was the men and not the
ships that made every battle of the war a new glory to our navy; and it is not at all uniikely that our
long series of yachting victories may be similarly due to our seamen more than to our yachts.
The question is sufficiently interesting to render it worthy of solution by actual experiment.
There would be an immensely increased interest in the coming races of this contest if an exchange of
yachts could be made and our seamen were given a chance to show what they could do with Lipton's
challenger. The very announcement that such a trial is to be made would have the effect of sending
a thrill of expectation through the country, and the match would be awaited with an eagerness that
has not been felt over a racing event in many years. g
ONCE more the American champion has beaten the British challenger for the America's cup.
It is true that only the first of the series of races in this, match has been sailed, but the
showing of the two yachts justifies public expectation that those, which are to follow will
have similar endings. As the affair stands* it is doubtful if the succeeding races between
the Reliance and Shamrock III, in the hands of their present skippers and crews, will be close enough
to be interesting, for there is hardly much excitement or even fun in a match where the conclusion
is foregone. . ¦¦,•*;
THE QUE3STION OF THE YACHTS.
THE EAST FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, AUGUST 23, 1 903.
THE SAN FRANCISCQ CALL.
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor . . . . . ....:.. . . Address Commentations to W. S. LEAKE, Manager
SUNDAY .¦..?...¦.........;;... ..;,. ........:../... .AUGUST 23, 19Z
Publication Office ....................... <T *jf|||^ > Third and Market Streets, S. P.
WELL-KNOWN AUTHOR
IS IN GRAVE DANGER
OF BECOMING BLIND
STILL BUSY AFTER
HALF CENTURY OF
LABORATORY LABOR
30
AIWKrVrTHKM UMTS.
WE TRUST THE PEOPLE.
tbis¥eek's
SPECIAL.
Satin Russe Sofa Bed; when
opened as large as a doable bed;
comfortable and durable. Made
up with 24 best steel tempered
.springs, trimmed with silk plush.
Only 35 will be sold G*i~]
at this price. Regular >/ /"%
$11— while they last k * Ji #fclfc/
Not more than one to a cus-
tomer.
TH> beautiful white maple crib,
just as shown in picture, body 14
inches deep," 24 inches wide. 44
inches Ion-, with the best woven
springs. Cannot be bought in any
store in San Francis- q«^ rjn
co for less than Five .J^./J
Dollars. This • week I* **
Eastern Outfitting Co.
1320-1328. Stockton St.
We furnish houses complete.
¦ All cars lead to our store.
Country orders solicited.. NEW YORK. Aug. 22.— Mm. Langtry. the
actress/ arrived to-day on the steamer. New
York from Southampton.
LOS ANGELES, Aug. 22A-Manager Loh
man of the Oakland baseball, team to-day
signed Catcher H. Hildebrand and Pitch
er Johnson, both of the defunct "Los An
geles Pacific National s team. .They .will
join the Oakland team at once.
New Players for Lohman.
New Pastor Arrives at Palo Alto.
PALO ALTO, Aug. 22.-Rev. S. Ptaaer
Langford of the First Baptist Church of
this city has resigned his pastorate here
and Rev. L. A. Pettlt of New- York has
been called to the pulpit here. The for
mer had been pastor of the church since
the fall of 1902. Rev. Mr. Pettlt, th© new
pastor, arrived In Palo Alto this morning
to assume the duties of his new position
and will deliver his first sermon .to-mor
row. He is an alumnus of Franklin Col
lege, Indiana, and of the Rochester Theor
logical Seminary. During the' past few
years Rev. Mr. Pettlt has been preaching 1
In' New York.
SANTA CRUZ, Aug. 22.— A runaway oc
curred to-day that caused considerable
excitement As the Rev. E. D. McCreary
was getting Into his buggy a passing
wagon upset it* causing the horse to run
off Rnd throw him out. He held on to the
reins for some distance, but fortunately
escaped injury. The horse struck a post
In front of the Seaside store and about
fifteen feet of awning came down and
several plate glass windows were broken.
The horse here : struck Mrs. William
Guinea, who was on the sidewalk, and
she was slightly, bruised.
Buna-way Injures a Pedestrian.
WILLOWS. Aug. 22.— At a Joint meeting
of the Boards of Supervisors of Butte and
Glenn counties, held here to-day, it was
decided to establish a free ferry across
the Sacramento River between these two
counties, the toll bridge near ChJco having
been burned recently. \A new ferry will
have to be built, as the Supervisors were
unable to find one already constructed.
Passengers and freight are now being
transported across the river in boats.
New Ferry for Sacramento Biver.
New Canton of Patriarchs Militant.
SANTA CRUZ, Aug. 22.-A new canton
of the Patriarchs Militant was Instituted
In Santa Cruz to-night. The members of
the local canton met at Odd Fellows' Hall
and, headed by the Third Artillery band,
marched to the depot to receive General
Bauer and staff and the installing of
ficers. • A banquet followed the institution
of the canton.
SANTA ROSA, Aug-. 22.— The California
Northwestern Railroad has petitioned the
City Council through Its general super
intendent, F. K. Zook, to be allowed to
erect a wooden structure upon the site of
the recently destroyed passenger depot.
In presenting the petition Zook stated
that the railroad had In view a depot
that will be up to date, modern in every
respect and an ornament to the city.
Mayor Bower said to-day^ that he was in
hopes that the City Council would not
grant the permit for a wooden building.
The site is inside of the fire limits, and
it remains for the Council to gay whether
a wooden structure will suffice.
"Wants to Build a Wooden Depot.
-PHOENIX, Ariz., Aug. 22.— Mrs. Joe
Wilson was burned to death at a ranch
a few miles west of Phoenix to-day. She
was pouring oil from a can on a fire of
green wood. The can exploded and also
caused the explosion of a five-gallon can
of oil nearby. The woman ran across the
street and Jumped Into an Irrigating
canal, but not until all her clothes had
been burned off. She lived for three hours
and was conscious most of the time. The
only other person In the house was a 5
year-old child, who was uninjured. :;'
Wife of an Arizona Rancher Is
Burned to Death in Her Home
: : - : '..'V"f-': Near Phoenix.
POURS COAL OH, ON FIRE
¦ AND EXPLOSION FOLLOWS
CLEVELAND. O.. Auk. 22. — The Democratic
county convention held here to-day was domi
nated completely by the Johnson wing of the
party and the Mayor had no difficulty in mak
ing a clean eweep in naming the various can
didates.
SANTA CRUZ, Aug. 22.— The Second
Regiment broke ramp to-day and left for
home on a epccial. For two weeks the
militiamen have b*-cn encamped here, and
they have won the admiration and re
spect of all for their military bearing and
good behavior.
Second Regiment Breaks Camp.
Evil Fairies^ — Dorothy . Thompeon, Annie
Maud Newbegln. Dorothy Greaves, Myra Qll
christ. Hazel Schllngman, Jean Woolworth,
A 1 vina McDonald. Ruth Arter.
The Orphans— Dorothy Folker, Alice Beckett.
Soloists— Annie Maud Newbegln, "I Told
You So"; Alvina McDonald. "Flower Song";
Lillian Barnard "I Don't Think So"; Alice
Beckett. '•Angels Hear Us"; Dorothy Folker
••Beautiful Shining Way"; Leslie Davis, "Slum,
ber 3onp."
Spirits — Maud Davis. Marian Fisher, Janet
Bostwick, Irene McDonald, Helen Grey, Ruth
Johnston. Halsie Schllngman, Dorothy Silwood
Ruth Seymour, Florenco Greaves, Bessie
Forbes.
Good Fairies — Louise Tyler, Dorothy "Wool
worth, Ethel Johnson, Llllle Barnard, Vivian
Klngwell, Leslie Davis, Emma Wler, Ethel
Fisher.
Other soloists who took upecial parts In
the entertainment were Miss Ethel Fisher,
Helen Gray, Maud-Fisher and Irene Mc-
Dougall. Those who took part in the
cantata were: ¦ . ¦
MILL VALLEY, Aug. 22.— Tne young
society girls of Mill Valley sang the can
tata, "A Dream of Fairyland," to-night
before a large audience. The entertain
ment was given in the assembly hall of
the public school and was under the di
rection of Mrs. J. J. Newbegln and Miss
L. Lenhart. The proceeds will be donated
to the public school library fund.
One of the special features of the en
tertainment was the solo of Miss Pansy
Newbegln.
Entertainment Is Given for Benefit
of Mill Valley Public School
Library Fund.
YOUNG SOCIETY GIRLS
RENDER A CANTATA
The boarding problem was exceedingly
difficult for the faculty and university
management to solve and it was thought
that the students could make a success
of it, but the hope has not been realized.
The students' affairs committee will su
pervise the new management.
The inn has always accommodated near
ly 200 students, yet it has . never, been
run successfully. When It was lirst
opened several years ago it was under
private , management of a prominent
restauarant man of San Francisco.' It did
not prove a successful business venture,
either for him or the several other parties
that succeeded to the management In
later years.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, Aug. 22.—
The Stanford University Inn, which for
the past year and a half has been run
by the students as a co-operative board
ing-house; will be opened on Monday next
under the supervision of the university
faculty. I. W. Strowbrldge, who occupied
the position of steward at the inn last
year, has been appointed receiver by
President Jordan and will have complete
control of the big eating place, subject
to faculty supervision.
The Stanford University Inn Club, the
co-operative organization which has been
running the inn. finished the college year
with an indebtedness of $2300, hence the
Intervention of the faculty and the ap
pointment of a receiver. The Inn Club
was composed largely of men living at
Eneina Hall, the men's dormitory, and a
board of directors elected from among Its
members had charge of the business.
Student Boarding-House Will Be
Conducted Under Supervision
of the Faculty.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY
INN TO BE REOPENED
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, Aug. 22.—
Hon. Thomas Welton' Stanford of Aus
tralia, brother-in-law of Mrs. Jane L.
Stanford, has presented the university
library with a complete set of the pub
lished works of the LInnean Society of
New South Wales. The gift comprises a
large number of very valuable scientific
treatises and is published in twenty-five
large volumes. The donor some years ago
gave the money, $250,000, for the erection
of the present general library, which will
be supplanted by the new library soon to
be erected.
Makes Valuable Gift to University.
SAN DIEGO. Aug. 22--Infonnatlon
reached here this afternoon of the total
destruction of the fine house on the Look
out ranch at La Mesa. An immense barn
near the residence caught fire twice, but
It was saved. Lookout ranch was sold
recently by U. S. Grant to Harry Cannon,
who, with his family, occupied the house.
The loss will approximate £000. The in
surance recently lapsed.
uig Fire at Lookout Ranch.
j She describes Raacke as a man of about
46 years of age, weight 145 pounds, height
5 feet 6 inches, dark brown hair and bald
on the top of his head. He is a linguist,
speaklrrg German, English, French and a
smattering of Japanese and Chinese. He
stated that he was a 'correspondent for
the Chicaeo American and that he had
also been connected with the Los Angeles
Herald.
Raacke took $42 from his wife's purse
when he left here. She also states that
he had JGOO. Mrs. Raacke is nearly dis
tracted and . believes that her husband
has been made away with.
OMAHA, Nebr., Aug. 22.— After having
lived in' the most lavish manner at the
Vienna Hotel for the past three or four
weeks, Otto Arthur Raacke, who posed
as a newspaper correspondent^ disap
peared suddenly, yesterday aftornoon and
left behind him a wife who is penniless.
Twenty-three years • ago Raacke resided
in St. Louis, but became the object of his
father's wrath. He went to Pasadena,
Cal., and did not return until about
eighteen months aeo.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Otto Arthur Raacke Dis
appears Prom Omaha
Hotel.
Tuesday at midnight the real, business of
the games •will j begin. The forty-eight
hours of preparation will expire at this
time and the attacks on the fortifications
will commence. These attacks will be
constant, with the purpose of showing
any weakness there may be.
One of the most interesting features of
the situation is the system of indicators
on shore which are to be connected elec
trically with the mines and sunken ob
structions in the harbor. No actual ob
structions will be placed In the way of
navigation, but such obstructions as could
have been constructed in the period al
lowed for preparations will be represented
by dummies in the water. When a bat
tleship has actually come In contact with
one of these mines or obstructions, or has
sailed into the mined area, us will be in
dicated by cross observations, the electric
indicators will announce the blowing up
of the ship, or the cross angle observa
tion will chart the possibility of .such a
result.
PORTLAND, Me., Aug. 22.— The forty
eight hour preparatory period which Im
mediately precedes the attack on Portland
will begin at midnight. At that time ac
tive preparations *jr the defense of Port
land by the laying of mines and the as
sembling of troops to protect against
landing will begin. Yesterday the last
cables for mines were laid in the several
entrances to the harbor. The last regi
ment to take part In the defense of the
port, the First Massachusetts Heavy Ar
tillery, arrived In the afternoon and -was
sent to the different fortifications about
the harbor.
Chafifee's Men Prepare
for the Defense, of
the Harbor.
MAKING READY
FOR THE FLEET
For thirty years James It- Christie, w«U
known all .along tho Pacific Coast, tho
long lost and newly found brother, has
roamed tho wilds of Canada and tha far
north* Ha has been frontiersman, aol
dl«r and explores. Even now, with wealth
at nls command, tha old Instinct Is with
him, and preparatory to settling down he
is oft on mi exploring expedition, accom
panied by Indians who were in bis ser
vice eighteen years ago. Into Bering Sea
and up the Peace Riven
Tho Christie family lived In Edinburgh,
Scotland, and James, the younger brother,
a spirited lad. who had been educated for
the navy, left home - at the age of 17.
After that there was an occasional letter
from him until thirteen years ago, after
which his family heard nothing. ,
Mn/WAUKEBJ, Wls., Ang. 22.— After
years of search, Involving a perilous trip
to tho Klondike In midwinter, Mrs.. H.
Hamilton, a trained nurse residing In
Milwaukee, has found a brother who
Ions af o was mourned as dead by mem
bers of his family, and In a few weeks
¦will go to preside over a home in British
Columbia, which he will build. He la the.
ewner cf two mines In tb« West Koote
nay country* rich enough to dwell to lux
ury, and the two will pass their declining
years together-.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
DESERTED WIFE
IS PENNILESS
TUCSON, Ariz., Aug. 22.— Alarmed by
the recent Yaqul outbreaks In Sonora, the
Mexican officials in that State have de
cided on a policy -Which they believe will
prevent another Insurrection and perma
nently settle the question of dealing with
the Yaqui Indians which has so long
agitated the different civil arid military
Governors of Sonora. Tho policy Is said
to have been the outcome of correspon
dence which the Governor of Sonora re
cently had with General Torres, formerly
military Governor, but now Minister of
War for Mexico,
The plan of deportation of all Indians
showing any hostile Intentions which was
so effectively employed at the end of the
last rebellion will be, revived. Hereafter
when, any of the Yaquls working In the
mines or on the ranches are found con
cealing arms or are suspected of being la
sympathy with rebels or raiders, they
will be deported to Tabasco, Vera Cruz,
Chiapas and other places on. the east
coast from which they are distributed over
farms and hacienda3, fax. from their na
tive State and the mountains which they
know so well. Seven hundred Yaqula
were thus deported' at one time about a
year ago, and Btice then have given no
trouble. They were for the most pa^t
women and children, however, many of
them being, the survivors of ths massacre
In the Uvalama Canyon, when most of the
Yaqul men who were engaged in the light
were killed.
The Government will adopt a policy of
deporting entire families where the inem
bers of the family are suspidoned or
Sound turty of being In league with the
rebels and will thus avoid the breaking
up ol families so far as they exist. The
Indians are to be taken In transports
down the coast and after landing
will be taken under guard to the
east coast points from which they are to
be distributed. The haciendas on which
they are placed are so far distant from
each other and the country so strange to
them that all danger of an outbreak is
precluded. The policy will be Immediately
inaugurated, as the Yaquls In many scc
4-ions of Sonora have shown signs of rest
lessness.
Special Dispatch to The Calk
Will Send Rebels and Raiders
to Haciendas on the East
Coasts
James h! Christie Will Sur
round His Sister With
Luxury*
Trained Nurse Finds a
Long-Lost Brother
in Alaska.
Sonora Officials Decide
to Punish Trouble
some Reds.
ROVING YOUTH
NOW RICH MINER
YAQUI INDIANS
TO BE DEPORTED
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, : SUNDAY, AUGUST 23, 1903.
31
- ADVERTISEMENTS.
....... .(.
dvisiT DR. JORDAN'S grcatj
OF ANATOMY!
A C^ iosiiuszxTsT.Ht.«tk*7a,s.r.e*i.i
\ Cj Jhe Larreit Autnaical Mosesai la the *
0 »rafefcv World- We»JtneMes ar »n» contracted 1
L w5f3l «Ji"«e p»«IU»elye«r««l by the oldest \
O gSjBi S P* ctilisl on llle Coast E«t-36 r c»rv |
A fl^^ft OR. JORDAN-DISEASES OF MEN
\ iwbl Consultation free »nd niictly prime.
0 I J&WB X'*»™eni JxrsoMlljr or by letter. A ,
\ 8 W H» *•**— CWviaererycaseoadCTtakeii.
B r n 1W v/ 'ite for Book. miLOrf urBY *f
Y II \Y* HiBniAUE. MAILED FRHX. ( A
\ fl /J, «luable book (or mm)
Y »«- JOBDAH A CO.. 1051 Market St.. 8. r I
EVEfyjLADOftRRANTED
&» fflw iff Br/y wtySSft^n'''*^'
SAMPLE TRUNKS TO ORDER. REPAIRING
J. MARTY, 22 TURK ST.
Factory S2tf Howard at.
ad v *m'v 1 s K'wnrwTa.
UNITED STATES BRANCH.
STATEMENT
——OP THE ¦
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
—OF THE
Commercial Union
ASSURANCE COMPANY, Limited,
OF LONDON. ENGLAND. ON THE 3\ST
day of December. A. D. 1903, and (or
the y far ending on that day, aa mad* to Um
Insurance Commissioner of th« Stata of Cal-
ifornia, pursuant to the provisions of Sections
C10 ' and 611 of the Political Cod«. condensed
a a. per blank furnished toy to* Commt«slon»r.
' ASSETS. T. "
.Real Estate owned by Company... S3S3.14S 69
Lnans mi Bonds and MortgaffM. . . . 212,000 00
Cash Mark«* Value of all . Stocks
and Bonds owned by Company.. 2,140.981 23
Cash In Company's Of flct ........ 8,233 63
Cash In' Banks .............. ..;}.'¦ 173,730 80
Interest due and accrued on alt
Stocks and Loans .............. 1.915 23
Interest du. and . accrued on- Bonds '
and Mortgages 3.1S4 It
Premiums In due Conn* of . Cal-
' lection ¦ ¦...'..*..... 630,733 VI
Bills- receivable, not Matured, ¦ -
taken for Fin* and Marina Risks. 9.114 41 *
Rents due and accrued ........... . 6.702 17
Due from otber Companies- for Re- f '
Insurance on losses' already paid. '^ 22 09
Tot« ( A ss«t» '.,... 1 ........ ..^14^07340477
¦ • ' ¦ i, ¦ . ¦ . WABTLTTTES. . r ' ' v
Losses adjusted and unpaid ...... 179,830 00
Losses In process of Adjustment o*
t In Suspense .......~. .......... 213.243 00
Losses resisted. Including expenses. * 37,200 00
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run- ,
-. ning one year or less. $2,303.-
971 39; reinsurance 50 her cent.. 1.14oV483 70
Oroes premiums on Tire Risks run- '
nlng more than one year, $2,120,-
002 04 r reinsurance Dro rata... 1.119.4M OS
GroFs premiums on Marine andl
! Inland Navigation Risks, $...;
reinsurance 10O per cent 11.13* 00
Oro»s pnjmlums on Marine Tlm<» I
1 Risks,' $.....;• reinsurance 60
per cent i.. ......; ...j!
Amount reclalmabl* by thm In-
sured on' perpetual Fire Ia»ur-
ance Policies 103.414 11
All other liabilities 134,932 43
Total Liabilities .,...'• .$2.884.881 35
INCOME. ~
Net cash actually received for Fire
premiums $2,810,084 M
Net cash actually received for Ma-
rine premiums .'.. 181,480 63
Received for. Interest on Bonds and
Mortga«9«' ..-. i 10.408 13
Received for Interest and dividends
on Bonds. Stocks, Loans and
from ail other sources ...'..... 71.379 44
Received for Rents ......'.. 13.312 83
Total Income .13.001.8gS 73
» EXPENDITURES.
Net amount paid for Fire Louses
(Including $.....*., losses of pre-
vious years) ' $1,634,610 06
Net amount paid for Marine
Losses (Including f....... losses
of previous years 118.613 66
Paid or allowed for Commission
or Brokerage S48.850 47
Paid for Salaries, Fees and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc. 142.913 49
Paid for State, National and Local
taxes 72.243 78
AH other payments and expendi-
tures 14S.S59 74
Total Expenditures .I2.6C3.8OO 20
Fire!
Lowe* Incurred dnrlcg the year. .$1.670.433 73
Risks and Premiums. Fire Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of Risks
written during the
year $337,002,583 $*.034.47B39
Net amount of Risks
expired during the
year 338.009,101 8.702.333 99
Net amount In force
December 31. 1902.. 408,174,717 4.413.873 43
Mar. Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of Risks *it"
written during the
year $58,040,361 $261,239 06
Net arfwrant of Risks
expired during the
year 87.662.134 272.820 38
Net amount In force
December 31. 1902. 4.183.394 84.548 29
C. F. MULLINS,
: ¦¦ ¦ Paciflo Coast Branch Manager.'
Subscribed and sworn to before me, this
10th day of March, 1903.
M. M. RHORER.
• - Deputy Insurance/ Commissioner.-
416 California Street.
SAN" FRANCISCO.
UNITED STATES BRANCH.
STATEMENT
OF THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF THE
ASSURANCE COMPANY, Limited,
OF LONDON. ENGLAND, on the 31st day
of December. A. D. 1902. and -for tha
year en-Sing on that day. as made to tha In-
surance Commissioner of • the State of Cali-
fornia, pursuant to the provisions of section*
610 and 611 of the Political Code, condensed
as per blank furnished by the Commissioner;
ASSETS.
Real Estate corned by Company... $173,170 87
Cash Market Value of all Stocks
and Bonds owned by Company. 697.000 CO
Cash In Banks 73,868 80
Interest due and accrued on all
Stocks and Loans 2.250 <X> ,
Premiums la due Course of Collec-
tion 63,43© SI
Rents due and accrued 065 00
yut from other Companies for re-
insurance on losses already paid 2,031 93
Total Assets $904.317 40
Y'* rjABIUTTES.
Los*** adjusted and unpaid $18 33
Lowes to process or Adjustment
or In Suspenw ................ 10.143 83
Gross premiums on Fire Risks »,.-.
running one year or less.
S233 434 17 : reinsurance 60 per
Jent 116.717 Ot
Gross premiums on Fire Risks i
running more than . one year.
$118,021 22; reinsurance pro rata 63.213 43
Due and accrued for salaries, rent.
«*c" 4.866 83
Commission* and Brokerage due-
and to become due 11.196 83
All other Liabilities 11.387 57
Total Liabilities $217.253 64
INCOME. > ~ '
Net cash actually received for Flr» _
premiums •••••••• $278,607 64
Received for Interest and dividends
en Bonds. Stocks. Loans, and
from all other sources 1S.681 81
Received for Rents 13.821 SO
Total Income '.... S30O.111 13
EXPENDITURES.
Nat amount paid tor Flr« Losses
" (including $3,027. losses of pro-
vious years) •••••; -••• $83,951 49
Paid or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage -- '£"1ZZ" *3.TSO e2
Paid for Salaries. Fees and other
chantes for officers, clerks, etc. . 14.14(3 03
Paid for State, National and Local
taxes 3,801 <3
All other payments and expend!-
turcs •••..... ••.•»••.......*.. -lw. ytM ©3
Total Expenditures $134.723_57
Fire!
Losses Incurred during tha year... I 83.743 11
Rlak» and Premiums. [Fire Rlaks.1 Premiums.
Net amount of Risks
S?f..f^..^WL«SOUIl $ 373.07111
Net amount of Risks
y eaT?.. .'?*?* -^! 2U65.083 347.5S5 34
V %JS^^ *££ 25.918.127 352.355 89
SAMUEL R. WEED, of "Weed & Kennedy.
U. S. Manasers.
Subscribed and sworn to before me this lith
day of February. 1908.
F. FISHBECK. Notary " Public
416 California Street,
San Francisco.
THE WEEKLY CALL
$1 jp&r Year.
ADVEB.TISE1IE1ITS. ;
THE WHITE HOUSE
Toy Department
Now Opened Permanently
AN ATTRACTIVE AND COMPLETE LINE OF- AMERICAN, GERMAN
AND FRENCH TOYS WILL BE. CARRIED DURING; THE
Entire Year
AT POPULARP^ICES
Of papier mache, -full jointed, Of; extra ' quality papier
best quality bisque head, ball mache, .*full. jpirvted, bisque
and socket joints, sleeping head, full woven wig, parted
eyes, mohair wig, -shoes and in Writer or at side, sleeping
stockings. \ ¦ eyes with eyelashes, shoes
. 05/» : ' • -ari4 stockings. :
rr ¦ inches long -*¦ ~^CiD\**aeh ,.««,.
n/\ _ " . " ' i% fnzh&longy -.^^-.^.^p 1 *DU -each
rj J /4 inches long. —^- J3UC each :. \.. - . . &iy r\*\ '¦"'¦"
HU n 35% inches Jong-.-.-,-.:^Ui\J{J each
rj% inches long* ~, COCA
C-l AH • inches long .-.-.- J^CiJuKJ each
rp inches long . — . $l.\J\Jeach . . Cf AA
ff^Pft, , flinches long. •*~*±..**p*k\)\) each
20ft inches long .- — *fr\»j\) each * • — ~
C*yAA ' -27$* inches Jong^-.-. > ..^!Ku\) each
24-inekes long-.~~-~-~«$L t »\J\J*ach GdL CA
jo Inches' 2nng^~ ;,V-, <i^CuOv/ each
Dressed Dolls
Baby dolls with long white'! . F'4 |\ 11
dress and rattle, bisque head, iilfl 1/OllS
sleeping eyes, mohair wig. Bisque head, showing teeth;
50C, $1.25, $2.00 each J nohair wi S' sleeping eyes,
riveted hips, .jointed knees,
Coasters " hoes and s{0 ? in^
The "White House Flyer," " imh "'™z 25Cwi
Wheels, brake, 14 inches long 50C each
Body jfz inches long . . $L,.\t\J each 15^ inches long /DC each
Body 43 inches long- - »£ J.UU each ijli inches long 4J 1 .00 each
Body 48 inches long, , 4&.UU each 20 inches long -" $ 1 • J 0 each
Best class of goods, offered at the
lowest prices, comprising the latest
novelties and a variety not equaled
elsewhere.
/ Cor.Post&Kearny Sts. *
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
¦ '- - '
Extraordinary
Furniture Week
Always Look for Our Sunday Ad '
New Specials Every Monday
4^^^^^^^^^^^^U -^:Ro«iid&-footExtcn.
r^fc^^^^?^'''*'"'— :^^2§^^w " *«» Table, golden oak
$i *!$ : M Js*;- :¦•.'•¦.;.-',;¦ $15.00.- dining." table.-
wjs JL^a 2^4 jin! i™ ' " "<¦ Special tor g\ **
8a SSI i8 S cil' : ¦ ' week- V^»^vl
III '¦!*§ /ia ell ' Square Extension
W lH W -. Qt**-~ ||S;. ; _ Tables, golden oafei
r ,it QiL***- M 6 fcct > K50; 8 feet,
WL* , \ $n.50;I0feet,$24.0a
Special Price, $9.50 r U
; Large- Gondola
. . Ojuch, floral yelour
tapestry cover, strong
springs, $16.50.
Special Price, $11 .00 ;
/g^^g^^^^g^s\ Bird's Eye or Golden
* Oak Dresser, serpen-
*iV^;'v>r A^fy •*')&£$& une iront, oevei piaie
jBik* •>*'' J /y.y '•$£ glass 24x32 inches, top
Sa ' *' ' ¦$ - "itfvv 20x42 inches. As
/C if ' '''S W\\ shown in the cut, the
ill %*«^ • _r.-rr^ )1 > whole front is serpen-
• tine, the trimmings
j^r^jS^S^gi^ag^^^ are of brass and dever-
-^-t ¦:'-.¦.¦.¦¦.^^-^ :--^y Jy turned and the big
bevel plate glass a
. r i I^^^K^PpVJKil I Dainty Princess
|^^^^g|^^^^g| I .. 'il .Dresser of the Old
S^^S^^§=^^^^^^^ jj Regime, long, narrow
f£T |lj^ -^^^^^^*^^^^\^| bevel plate glass mir-
•¦e«^^ rr - " ..; any finish, $31.00.
Special Price, $27.50
*^*^SI>V^ " Ji "' fej^y^^^^ Parlor Tables with top
ffM H^ and shelf smoothly
Sm 1 A polished, golden oak
HZji m « finish, size of top. J8x
- inches, cut this
Jr"" \\ Parlor Tables 24x24
B inches, sameas^bove,
j? cut from $2.25 to $1.45.
Special Price, 85c
IN DRAPERIES.
30c Burlap, figured and plain, in teautiful patterns
and colorings.
Special Price, 1 5c
15c Figured Swiss and Silkoline,
Special Price, 7 l Ac
*THE CREDIT HOUSE," **
233, 235, 237 POST STREET.
ADVEKTISEMEUTS.
1 will give you greater control of C\ yjtl
I the piano than years of prac- J \
i tlcc and study. Hundreds of / V IS
I pieces by the world's greatest c^M
• § cornposers at your command. -. \|
I Call at the store and verify \^ z /'
j) our statements, or '
ft . Write for booklet giving testl- Ujfiffi^^ I
f \ monlals and full Information. l///y7yr ri^d/'
P WE ARE AGENTS FOR -SmIL (E—L
H Behr Bros, and Baumeister Pianos jt|ll|J35?k
f ; j Celebrated for tone and action.NEW YORK. Aug. 22.— Californians
in New York — From San Francisco: J.
Mclntosh, at the Murray Hill; J. Smith,
at the Vendome; Dr. R. Martin, W.
Leech, at the Grand Union; Mrs. A. Sa
line, at the Marlborough; J. E. Wolfe
and w.ife. at the Grand; S. Kriston, Miss
J. G. Kriston, at the Bartholdi. From
Santa Barbara — G. Voorhees Jr.," at the
Imperial
Californians in New York.
The Science of Life.
Professor Ostwald of Leipsic came
half-way around the world to tell the
Berkeley collegians the latest develop
ments in biology, or physiological chem
istry — the science of lire. People who
take time to rest and be happy have
learned half of the science of life.
You'll see them — lots of them — at Hotel
Vendome at San Jose, the one resort
that combines the attractions of moun
tain, seaside, and valley. Have you
been there yet? '16188
Said to Have Aided Prisoner.
George Waldworth and James Hennes
sey were arrested in South San Francis?
co yesterday afternoon by Officers Innes
and Ryan and charged with rescuing a
prisoner. The two men are said. to have
interfered with Officer Ryan while he was
engaged in arresting Robert Duff last
Thursday. In the scuffle that followed
Duff fescaped.
Trapper** Oil cure* rheumatism and neuralgia.
Druggist*. 60c flask. Richard * Ca.,4W CUjr. •
George White and Victor S. Lawson,
stevedores, were badly Injured while load
ing ballast in the hold of the British ship
Cralgmore at the Risdon Iron Works yes
terday afternoon. A large bucket of rock
fell into the hold and several pieces struck
the men. They were treated at the
Emergency Hospital for badly lacerated
heads. White's skull is thought to be
fractured.
Stevedores Badly Injured.
The students of the various high
schools throughout the city are still at
war in regard to their signs on Twin
Peaks, and on Friday night another
skirmish took place. A number of boys
from the Wilmerding School destroyed
the 'emblem of the Lick School on the
peak and placed their own In its stead.
A squad of police from the Seventeenth
street station ¦ arrived on the- scene soon
after and dispersed the crowd.
Students Still at War.
Rex Showell. son of 12. B. Showell, a
wealthy grocer of Philadelphia, was In
jured Friday while making a dive In a
tank at Sutro Baths. The boy was re
moved to the Palace Hotel, where he was
placed under the care of Dr. Shields. It
was feared that the boy had sustained a
fractured skull, but yesterday he was
much better and his physician reports
him out /Of danger. - , \
Injured While Diving.
Reduced rates on household roods to & from
the East & South. Bekln's. 11 Montgomery. *
Hammond was removed from the
Book Concern three years ago. - Then
it was rumored that his books were
tangled and that he did not account for
certain sums of money. Since then the
matter has been discussed by the lead
ing Methodists all over the State, and
the seven clergymen who are investigat
ing the matter may soon take some defi
nite action. •* '/. ¦¦¦•?
The members of the Methodist
churches are very much wrought up
over the way that the Rev. John D.
Hammond, former manager of the
Book Concern and head of the Methodist
Chinese Mission at 916 Washington
street, is alleged to have mismanaged
the affairs over which he had charge.
Seven of the leading clergymen of the
city are investigating the affair, and
they are said to be ready to bring
chirges against Hammond and have him
removed from the position of manager
of the mission.
Engaged in Investigating His
Alleged Mismanagement.
Prominent Methodist Clergymen Are
Postal Clerks and Carriers.
An examination under the rules of the
United States Civil Service Commission
is announced for November 21 for the po
sitions of carrier and male and female
clerk in the Oakland postofflce. Age lim
it 18 to 45 years. Apply to the secretary
of the Consolidated Board of Civil Ser
vice Examiners, 301 Jackson street, this
city, or to the auxiliary secretary, Oak
land postofQce, for application form 101.
BEV. DB. HAMMOND MAY
BE' ASKED TO"" EXPLAIN
ucational column
B, H.Webster, Ex-Supt. City Schools.
Business college; reduced rates. See ed-
J. Silver, who has a place of entertain
ment at 906 Kearny street, was seen by
Policeman McPartland chasing a man
about 10 o'clock on Friday night. Mc-
Partland soon overtook the fugitive and
Silver said the stranger had put his hand
through the ticket window at the play
house and tried to steal the money box.
When Silver resisted the would-be thief
struck him on the right eye with his flst.
The man gave the name of Thomas Ha
berlin and was booked at the City Prison
on a charge of assault to commit rob
bery- The case was called before Police
Judge Mogan. yesterday and continued
till Tuesday.
Tries to Steal Money Box.
The Western Pacific will circle the
southern arm of the bay from Haywards
to San Jose and San Mateo and enter this
city from the southern end.
The Western Pacific Railroad, a cor
poration with valuable rights of way in
California, has completed negotiations
with Otto Greenwald for the purchase of
the baseball grounds at Ninth and Har
rison streets. The property will be used
as the terminal of the road.
Company Has Option on Old Base
ball Grounds at Harrison and
Ninth. Streets.
WESTEBN PACIFIC HAS
SECURED DEPOT SITE
Everything you need in cameras and
photo goods. Tourists and visitors rea
sonably supplied. Sanborn, Vail & Co.,
741 Martcet street. •
Cameras and Photo Supplies.
In one way and out another over the
"Double Loop." The scenic way into the
Yosemite takes you directly through two
groves of big trees. Special coupon tick
ets covering total expenses from San
Francisco to the valley, five days' trip,
$34 90; seven days, $38 90: ten days, $42 90.
Holders of G. A. R. tickets reading via
I>os Ange-les or Santa Fe may make five
day trip from Merced to valley, with all
expenses, for $29 00. Full information at
Santa Fe office. 641 Market street. •
S25 9O for the Bound Trip.
G. A. It. Excursion via Santa Fe.
Y0SEMITE VALLEY.
One of the four* men ¦who were ar
rested in an opium resort at 829 Howard
street on Friday night by Detectives T.
B. Gibson and Braig is an ex-convict.
Dennie O'Brien, alias Thomas Ryan, alias
Harry Gordon, alias John "Wright, who
was sentenced to serve ten years in Fol
som. penitentiary on May SI. - 1884. for
grand larceny.' and who. on February 9.
1892. was sent back for five years on a
similar charge. After . his release he
served six months for vagrancy. He went
to Montana and served a term there, re
turning to this city recently.
- John McQueeny was arrested at the
same place yesterday morning by Detec
tives O'Dea and Mulcahy and Policeman
T. C. Murphy, and he is also an ex-con
vict. He served a term of eighteen
months for burglary- and about a month
ago a. charge of burglary against him was
dismissed by Police Judge Fritz.
George Raymond and James G. Dunn
were found in the same resort yesterday
afternoon by. Detectives Gibson and Fitz
gerald. Several skeleton keys were found
upon Raymond, and he was booked on
a charge of having burglars' tools in his
possession. Dunn was booked for visiting
an opium resort, and the others, who are
not known to the police, will have a sim
ilar charge booked against them.
However.
Police Unable to . Trace Any of the
Becent Burglaries to Them,
FOBMEE CONVICTS FOUND
IN AN OPIUM BESOET
Music in the Park.
The following is the m_ ical programme
for Golden Gate Park to-day:
Part 1 — "Star-Spaneled Banner"; patriotic
song, "California, Queen o£ Old Columbia"
(Jennie _ Thorp); overture. "Stabat Mater"
(Mercadante) ; waltzes. "Breezes from Vienna"
(Zlehrer); aolo for fluegel horn (selected), per
formed by Carl Reltse; descriptive, *• Musical
Tour Throngh Europe" (Conradi).
Part 2 — Overture. "Fest" (Lassen); <»)
"Turkish Patrol" (Mlchalls); fb) "G. A. R.
Patrol" (Faasett): (c) "American Patrol" <M1»
sud): selections from "Ermlnle" (Jacobow»lcy):
g^rand musical znel&nre, - "International Con
gress" (Sousa); grand fantasie, "Carmen"
(Bizet): "America."
Further argument in the case will be
heard on the 2Sth inst. Pending a deci
sion in thp suit the police will not be
restrained from arresting o*her violators
of the ordinance, as Judge Sloss modified
the alternative writ issued when Sing's
complaint was filed. It now applies to
Ah Sine alone.
Argument on the question of the con
stitutionality of the ordinance recently
passed by the Board of Supervisors for
the purpose of suppressing fantan play
ing in Chinatown was heard in Judge
Eloss* court yesterday.
Attorney George D. Collins appeared on
behalf of Ah Sing of 115 Waverly place,
who was arrested for violating the ordi
nance ( and who is suing for a writ pro
hibiting Police Judge Conlan from pro
ceeding with his trial! Assistant District
Attorney Hanley defended the ordinance.
Chinese Gambler.
Point Raised by Ah Sing, a
Judge Sloss Hears Argument on
VALIDITY OF ORDINANCE
QUESTIONED IN COURT
The ascent will be made at 4 o'clock
from Coney Island, the new family re
eort at the beach, two blocks below the
Cliff House. A fine vaudeville programme
¦will be given on the big open air stage,
and Blum's band will render an afternoon
concert, commencing at 1 o'clock sharp.
c Fcr the first time in many years in San
Francisco a young woman will make a
balloot) ascension on the trapeze bar.
This afternoon out at the ocean beach
Mile. Aneti will climb skyward.
The very successful ascension of last
Sunday has led to the- engagement of the
young woman, who is considered one of
the best woman aeronauts in America,
and under the auspices of Professor Vass
ner she will make the ascension. She
nopes to attain an altitude of at least
6000 feet before making the daring leap
with her parachute and expects with fa
vorable winds to land near Strawberry
Hill in the park.
scend by Parachute.
WOMAN AERONAUT WILL
HAKE ASCENT AT BEACH
Mile. Aneti Will Soar Sky— axd
From Coney Island and De-
The San Francisco delegates who . will
represent the letter-carriers in the con
vention to be held in Syracuse, N. Y.,
from August 21 to September 5, leave to
night for their destination. This will be
one of the most important conventions
ever held by, the letter-carriers aa well
as the last annual convention, as" here
after the conventions Trill bo held bien
nially. The two most important ques
tions to be considered will be the salary
measure, asking for an increase of $2t*
to carriers In the first-class cities, that
is at the beginning of the fourth year a
letter-carrier shall receive $1200 per an
num, and those of the second-class cities
$1000 per annum.
Another measure that will cause a great
deal of discussion is the retirement meas
ure, as prepared by the carriers of New
York City. There is also quite a warm
fight on hand for the next convention.
Portland, Or., is in the field and has been
making a strenuous fight for the honor.
Samuel F. Stevens, a member of the
executive board, located in this city, left
for the convention three days ago.
Thomas P. TIerney, John J. Hughes and
John J. O'Connell are the delegates from
this city. They will be joined on the way
by the Santa Cruz,- Los Angeles and San
Bernardino delegates.
portant to Their Craft at
Syracuse, N. Y.
Delegates Will Discuss Hatters Im-
LETT— B CARRIEKS LEAVE
TO ATTEND CONVENTION
Inventors! M. P. Schell, model maker, 529
Mlesion ¦ street. Kxperimental machinery and
novelties of all kinds. Modern shop. . . • :
Beauty Doctors in Court.
. L. "Williams, the beauty . doctor on
Geary street, charged with criminal libel
by Mrs. Ella' Harris, the beauty doctor
on O'Farrell street, appeared yesterday
before Police Judge Cabaniss. The case
was continued till September 8 for trial,
the defendant waiving his right to be
tried by a Jury.
C. S. BuesdorfC, who keeps a saloon at
137 Fourth street, reported to the police
yesterday that three men stole a purse
containing $85 from behind his bar about
9 o'clock on Friday night* . The men were
standing at the bar when he was called
to the telephone. When. he returned the
men had disappeared; and so had the
purse. .' ~.-r :
Steal Purse From a Saloon.
A number of well known local people
have successfully used Dr. Koenigstein's
Red Salve for eczema. •
\ ."oodmen's Anniversary.
• Tamalpais Camp No. 427 of the Wood
men of the World will give an anniver
sary entertainment' and ball in the assem
bly hall of the Pioneer building to-mor
row' night," on which occasion the com
mittee of arrangements will present a
very interesting programme of music,
songs, recitations and dances.
We print newspapers and do It well. Let us do
yours.Mysen-Rollins,22 Clay.give aatief action.*
Seeks, I>a_ages for Son's Death.
William Whittlngton, whose son, Guy
S. Whittington, died from Injuries- re
ceived by falling from a Sutter-street car
on May 20 last, sued the United Railroads
yesterday- for $5000 damages. • He --claims
that his son, who was 14, years of age,
was pushed 'from the car by the gripman
or ! conductor.'
A circular piece | of iron casting lying
In the roadway at the' foot of Montgom
ery and Chestnut streets In the "Wet—ore
Quarries caused the death yesterday
morning of Edward Geary, a 15-year-old
boy employed. by. "Wetmore & Co.
- Young Geary was driving a cart filled
with broken rock he was taking from, the
quarry to the rock crusher at the time
the accident happened. One wheel of the
vehicle struck the piece of Iron, jolting
the boy off his seat. He fell directly in
front of .the wheel, which passed over his
head, breaking the skull. The uncon
scious boy, was - taken .to the Harbor
Emergency Hospital, where he died with
in' a short time. "His parents reside at
2128 Stockton street.
Albert Giavocchine, another boy driver
for Wetmore & Co.. was returning to . the
quarry with an empty cart and witnessed
the accident
Fifteen-Year-Old , Edward Geary Is
Killed Wliile Hauling Bock .
.-¦: , to a Crasher. ,
JOLTED OFF HIS BEAT
. V AST) S_U_L FRACTTJRTU)
A struggle has already begun between
Southern and Central California to secure
the station. The Chamber of Commerce
of Pasadena and Santa Barbara have set
to work with a determined effort to ac
complish something. Central California
has done nothing thus far, but it is likely
to be heard from before the final decision
is made. Professor Stubenrauch natur
ally favors this part of the State, not only
because of pride in it, but because of its
fertility, commercial advantages and
proximity to the University of California.
Mr. Dorset inclines to Southern Califor
nia and will probably vote to build the de
pot there, so that there is likely to be a
deadlock in the committee. A third mem
ber will be required to settle the ques
tion.
California is about to become the depot
for seed and ! plant distribution for the
whole; United States. Instead of the work
being carried on by the many agricul
tural stations in the States the Depart
ment of Agriculture at Washington, has
planned to concentrate it in California,
and a large sum of money will be- spent
in the purchase of land for the cultiva
tion of plants and seeds and buildings for
their housing. .
The determination of the Department
of Agriculture to provide for this, enter
prise became known to-day through the
announcement of the appointment of Pro
fessor Arnold V. Stubenrauch of the ag
ricultural department of the University of
California as one of a committee of two
to select a site for the proposed station.
The appointment was made by Dr. A. J.
Pieters, head of tL'e division of plant in
troduction and seed distribution of the
Department of Agriculture, with whom
Professor Stubenrauch recently toured
the State. P. II. Dorset of Los Angeles,
the other member of the committee, was
also appointed to-day.
This committee is called upon to select
a site of 100 acres in some fertile and well
Irrigated spot in California. There a force
of men will grow plants and seeds under
the direction of the agricultural experts.
The Feeds will be grown for scientific pur
poses and distribution and it must be un
derstood that this work is quite distinct
from that of the annual Congressional
distribution of seeds. As soon as the sta
tion is built the work of distribution from
the various agricultural stations about
the country will be discontinued and seeds
will then be shipped to every part of the
world from that point. . .
Berkeley Office San Francisco Call,
214S Center Street. Aug. 22.
Owing to business engagements that
will prevent him from attending to the
duties of treasurer of the general commit
tee,. Charles H. Turner of Alcatraz Parlor
tendered his resignation, which was ac
cepted with regret, and W. H." Hazell of
Pacific Parlor was elected In his stead.
A report from ' San Jose was that the
parlors of the counties south of the cele
bration city will take part in the parade
and that they will come up from their re
spective localities with bands playing a>d
banners flying.
It was announced that Tosemite,'G«ne
vieve and Orinda parlors of the ' Native
Daughters will take part in the San Jose
parade and that the la<t named will be
the special guests of RIncon Parlor of
the Sons. '
' The matter of taking bands to San Jose
for the parade there was deferred until it
can be ascertained what music the cele
bration city will furnish.
None of the parlors heard from will
have bands in San Francisco's night par
ade because of inability to make satis
factory terms with the musicians/, but
California, RIncon, Alcalde, Olympus,
Presido, Army and Navy and Twin Peaks
parlors will have field music, and In view
of that fact it was recommended that the
general committee engage two bands, for
escort duty in this city during the paraQe
from Native Sons' Hall to the Fourth
and Townsend street depot on the night'
of September 8. The recommendation was
adopted. . The grand marshal reported
that there is to be a liberal display of
fireworks during the night parade..- "
At last "night's - meeting of the Joint
September 9th committee of the Native
Sons of the Golden "West Grand Marshal
Foley stated that he had received favor
able .. reports from most of the . parlors.
They vrill make a good showing here and
In San Jose. . ¦;-¦',
Fair San Francisco Daughters
Will Take Part in the
Celebration.
Native Sons Will March
to the Sound of
Field Music.
Department of Agriculture
Names Men to Select
State to Be the Center
for the World's
Supply.
ONLY TWO BANDS
IN NIGHT PARADE
PLAN SEED DEPOT
FOR CALIFORNIA
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, AUGUST 23, 1903.
32
* IS___ .
BERTHA SCHONNAfi SAVED.
Terrible Disaster Foreseen by Ismar, the
Wonderful Gypsy.
"You are contemplating going yachting Miss Schonnag the day following the aw-
on the bay with a party of friends. Don't ful disaster:
do it. Prevent your friends. If you can. Dear Madam Ismar: I am so thankful that
or all •will be lost. The yacht will cap- J followed your advice and did not go yachting
_.„ m —thankful to you and to the kind fate that
¦ cent me to you. I tried to prevent the rest of
if - th « P* rtjr from going, but they only laughed
/K!Jr^~ " < *» at m * 'ears. Thanking; you again. I remain
V.V** 'J^^ ~ r ~~3c(*~ sincerely yours, BERTHA SCHONNAG.
j^^^^^^^fejk The name of Ismar Is almost a house-
i^K^ic^^raSSy hold word on this coast Even ' t>eople
&*j^tV:.*X*3v€.tySt3^ who usually discredit such powers as she
L*-$/Vc*jttt^?$&/*&<\ possesses admit that there is certainly
iKfi\ m£«^^^^\ something wonderful about her.
Bi5*Q Last week Mr »- Gertrude Frltsch of 300
, rji^^tvSmUasfli Railroad avenue. South San Francisco
iTy-Sp^^^GJ^/Wyl recovered some valuable jewels that had'
? '" i2i^C> * 7?i>'Z&rX*/; i been stolen, by aid of the wonderful
«SS^^*_-«'-_^53.tti/' clairvoyant powers of Ismar. Is it any
'*&_1^^?/&<W/// wonder that treat crowds besiege hf-r
''¦^^^•^MMlli tl^'r fo°r idvioe 0 ' kn ° W the fUtUr ° and
tfi _W^^ 1^ ; f^i^^'\ Durinp th<^ past few months she has
i\\^a^&^^>^^?SS- \ bcon d ? ily pou sht by caper multitudes of
i !l "«^H?^^^_^iSp«. the Klck and aniictc< J for the exercise of
hor mysterious and almost miraculous
)^7&^{^WX&&1K& powers of heallnR and curing of diseases.
&?A££ttttfi(nrli2i*'j\ Many of the cures she has performed
'y £%$&$S y~J^^ nave cases that were pronounced
• *w .If you are sick, don't despair until you
Then, were the prophetic words of Is- «• *™^^^niwfyouTf ufe Ismar
mar. the wonderful gypsy seeress, to Miss -.„, correctly delineate it to you. '
Bertl:a Schonnag last week. Write her If you can't call. Three ques-
A few days ago the very yacht referred tions answered for $1. Full life reading
to wa? found floating upside down and £>. Send money by Wells-Fargo or post-
ail its occupants drowned. The local pa- « ffice n ' one^ *?n de , r 1 V u °£r Te^f ter « d letter,
pcrs contained a full account of the sad R^J^hSf.'ffutftSa. O&cfho^
Incident. \ — io a> m. to 6 p. m.; Sundays, 10 a. m. to
The following letter wae received from 12 m.
EXPEBT OPTICIAN".
STefflectad Eyeslg-ht Affects the Bra_
antl Cause* Serious Bodily Ills.
Admiral Dewey
"Who u«ed Mayerle's glasses dorfnr th»
Spanish- American - War, and Is still using:
Miem with much satisfaction, hlehly rec-
ommends George Mayerle. and seeds th»
following: testimonial:
Mr. George Maycrle, German Expert Op-
tician — My Dear Kir: I am still usin» with
much satisfaction tha glasses you sent m«
at Manila; also the new ones suit my eyes
perfectly. Tours very truly,
¦¦ -.-- - GEORGE DEVTET.
Mayerle'ii , Glasses rtxeagr— ea _•
Eye aad Brain.
GERMAN EYEWATER
-jsyip^K I s * harmless and effectlv*
>4C3&£rj_9 remedy; it Instantly relieves
all eje trouble. . makes weai
eyes irtrone. diseased eyes
'well; of great benefit to those
..wearing glasses; 60c oer. bottle; by mall,
62c. .CAUTIONS The Genuine bears the
Trademark— an' Eye in • a Crown — and the
signature; of :_..."¦,.¦...„.¦-,.;-...
GEORGE MAYERLE,
¦ German Exoert Optician.' Charter Member
American Association of Opticians,
1071 Market St- 6aa Francisco.
. Opp. Callaghan Bid?., near 7th. rt-
Phone South. 672. ¦
•¦•¦¦•¦ _AJX. ORDERS OTI_KD. )
. I hare used a bottle of George Mayerle's
German Eyewater, . and It - has helped me
' wonderfully, — Chas.' Morgan, Rockl in, CaL
ADVEBTISEMENTS,
NEW
DRE55
FABRICS
This week we will show an elegant Ya-
pietu of New Dress Fairies for Fall wear.
These goods are from the test manufacturers '..
and we ask the special attention ofourcus-
.tomers to this disDlau.
NEW DONEGAL TWEEDS— Fancu Cam-
el's Hair. Ziheline Mixtures, Ziheline Noddb,
and striDed Tailor Suitings In the latest Fall
colorings, all 54 inches _l_e----(M prn
......... v. vpliuU ud,
46-INCH ZIBELINE MELANGE-(Fre_ch
••manufact_re}s_it- (M7|r (ho njr
able for tailor suits vPi' / 0 and wP_l.£u ud.
FRENCH ZTBELINE PLAIDS-AH the naff
color' effects and <£i rn (hn nn
. 45 inches wide ----wPl rUU and »4>_arUU ud*
& 47-INCH FRENCH ETAMINE VOILES—
In all the new staple and fancu (M prn
shades—---^ I vpliOU ud.
We hare also received new trimmings,
new ribbons, new laces and lace collars.
Our mall order department is most com-
plete, Write for samples of ahoire goods.
111, 113, 115, 117, 119, 121 POST STREET.
AD" EBTISEMXNTS. '_ __
I IMPORTANT SALE OF >
Children's Woolen Dresses I
\ . Ages 6 months to 7 years. • !^
, Our entire lot of broken lines, comprising hundreds of desir- 3 ;
able styles, have been very much reduced. • . l,
" The values are short of marvelous — for the raw material
C would cost the price we ask for the ready-to-wear dresses. jT
f LOT i— CHILDREN'S! LOT 2-CHlLDREN'S |
DRESSES, made of all-wool DRESSES, made of all-wool j'
cashmere, empire style; some cashmere; empire and long- Y
* trimmed with white braid, oth- waisted styles; trimmed with j %
*. ers with white stitching; colors feather stitching; colors red, «
* red and navy; regular prices brown and navy; regular prices „
t $2.7-. $3.00 and $3.50. $1.50 53-OO. $3.50 and $4.00. $1.85 1
. Now ¦ Now ¦ 0'
I LOT 4— Cxi I LD REN'S L
5 LOT 3—C HILDREN'S DRESSES, made of all-wool •[
DRESSES, made of all--rool albatross, guimpe style; trim- j 5
* cashmere; empire and long- med with fine lace and braid; 5
v waisted effects; trimmed with colors red, blue, white and pink; J ;
v lace and white stitching; colors regular prices $5-50, $0.50
$ tan. pink, light blue and red; $6.00. Now O
i *T=™/£"n No? $ 2' 75 LOT 6-CHILDREN'S ,
; U^S -nd $5-SO. Now- DRESSES-We can hardly go ;
? into details, as the assortment ,
* LOT 5 — CHILDREN'S is so wide and varied; but we .*
I DRESSES, made of all-wool have many dresses in guimpe, J3
! cashmere and serge; long- long- waisted, Russian, Sailor j*
! v.aisted and Russian styles; and Thompson effects; made of L
j some trimmed with lace, others cashmere, alpaca and serge;
with braid and stitching; regti- regular prices $7.00 to $i6.5!O. .
5 lar prices $5.50, $5-7 5, SQ.85 Now.... $/f .25 tO $11.50 :
* $6.00 and $6.50. Now. O H ¦¦ £
J NOW ON DISPLAY i
* Advance Styles of Misses' and Chil- i
1 dren's Cloaks, Suits and Hats
J AT POPULAR PRICES f
I In addition w are showing foreign models of the most exclusive and ,*
s attractive styles. 5
I 918-922 Market Street
* Our new Fall and Winter Catalogue will soon be ready for mailing.
> Send your name and receive one free. *
r. *
Oriental Goods
At Wholesale Prices
We Offer Our Entire Extra rtna Col-
lection of
Oriental Rugs
AND CURTAINS j
At 25 Per Cent 1
, Dlicount from regular retail prises. »
_______ I
We are sole agent* for *
! JOHN CSOSSLEY & SON'S
CELEBRATED ENGLISH CAfiPETS!
Chas.M. Plum & Co.
Cor. 9th and Market Sts. .!!
. BEFORE AJj'TEB
FIN'DINO
WM. HATTEBOTH in his new es-
tablishment. 224 Slitter st. Fitting
trusses, supporters. Elastic Stock-
Ings. etc.
DIRECTORY
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
Catalogue and Price Lists Mallei
on Application.
r_SS_ AMD SA_T MEATS.
US RAYF^'&'CO sh 'PP»n* Butcher*. 104
JA\ DU1CJ tt KtV. Clay. T.J. Mkta 1294.
___ _______ .
LUBKICATIJIO OILS. LEONARD * m.t.i-^
418 Front »t. S. F. Phona M-ta 171».
E.X. HUGHES. w _S_TS.r.
LADIES' TAILOR MADE |
S New Fall Designs j
| At Wholesale Manufacturers' Cost |
I Seven Bi^ Dollars saved on a $_1.00 'g
I Suit, Other Prices in Like Proportion |
I $16.00 Suits, with Lorg Belted Goats, tf-iAAA |
| Black or Navy .. .......... ... .... .; |
| $24.00 Brown Zibeline Suits, Lons Knee ffip f\f\ g
| Coats ¦¦4>l»>-W-g
§ $25.00 Navy Basket Etamine Suits.. SL1f\ 1
§ $27.50 Light Grey Melton Suits, with CI7 Cf) |
I Long Coats 4! 1 • »D V |
I $30.00 Tan Armure Walking Suits... ... C^Q Y)Q |
I $35.00 Tan Covert Suits, with Corset tf^enft I
I'- Jackets. $C>D.\J\J |
8 $45.00 Navy Poplin Suits, Long Belted tf 7A Afl I
g Coats...... ........ . •POU.UU, §
I See Our Windows |
I 1000 Children's Cloaks, 30 Styles, Velvet, Silk I
g and Cloth, richly trimmed, $3.50 to $15 each. %
I The New Lon£ Belted Cape Coat for Ladies in g
§ Silk or Cloth, $15.00 to $25.00 |
§ Stylish Cloth and Silk Skirts $3.50 to $25.00 jgj
I NEW FUR BOAS. NEW FUR STOLES. |
MARKET ST. |
S " Jr^ Bet. Mason and Taylor Streets. "', ftContinued on Page 37, Column 4.
that goes to make up a perfect and un
spotted citizen wa5 the theme of the com
mander in chief's address.
His remarks aroused all to enthusiasm
Among: those who were present were
Corporal James Tanner, Colonel J. C.
Currier, General E. A. Carr, General 2.
W. Backus, General E. Torrance, Gen
eral Stewart; Colonel J. B. Fuller, Ad
miral O. W. Farenholt, U. S. N.; Judge
L. W. Collins, General A. Woodruff, U.
8. A.; Colonel C. Mason Kinne, vice com
mander in chief of the' Grand Army of
the Republic; General George Stone, Col
onel W./R. Smedberg, who has been're
corder* of California Commandery, Loyal
Legion, for thlrty.-three years; Major
General George B. Dandy, Colonel W. R.
Parncll, General N. P. Chipman, General
E. S. Salomon, General Charles A. Cool
idge. General L. H. Rucker and General
M. S. Bisbeo.
Mrs. George Ivlnc, Mrs. William W. Grayson
Mrs. H. E. Webb. - . .
Dlx , Post. G. A. R.— Moore Brlggs (chair
man), Mr. • Barnum. George Edmans Mr Me-
Gucken, Miss Smith. Mrs. Shanks, Mrs. Topln
Shanks. Mrs. Codd. Miss Brundage. Mrs- Brun
dage, . Miss Ulrlcl. Miss Smith,- Miss Blumer
Mrs. Tremey. .Mrs.-. Lee.- Mrs. Edgar, Mrs"
Newnnam. Mra. Newnan, Mrs. McNeal Mrs'
Prescott. Mr. Cams, Mr. Edmans, Mrs. Frank
lin. Mr. Hermann. -. Mrs. Jones. . Mrs • Rich
mond. S. Lee; Mr. Phlncar. Mr. Beach. Mr. Ed
monds; Mrs Lee, Mrs.*-Bdagr and Mr. Cooke*
. Phil Sheridan Corps — Mrs. Minnie GUmore]
Mrs. Belle Rowland. Mrs.";Elmlra Hanson Mrs'
W. Jersey Mrs II. F. Kelley. ¦ Mrs. N." Sim
mons. Mrs. L. L. Nattlnger. - Mrs. M. * Ellis
Miss Minerva Myers. Mrs. W. A. Bldleman!
Mrs. M. Harlan. Mrs. V. Arne. Mrs. E. Han-
Citizens' committee — Mrs J. A". McLure,
Mrs. G. T. Morey. Mrs. A. M Morris. Mrs.
Murphy. Mrs. Eastwood Hlckey. Mrs. Cann,
Youns. Mn«. English. Mrs.' Compton,- Mrs.
Kelly and Mrs. Jersey. - • •
Woman's Club — Mrs. A. E. Kelley | (chair
man), Mrs. Stocking, Mrs. Dinsmore, Mrs.
Er-cup. Mr*. W. C. Kennedy, Mrs. G. H. Wor
rell. Mrs. Eugene Koeenthal, Mrs. J. L. Be
in pe. Mrs. John Mauzer. Mrs. Austin and the
Mitses Eether and H. Macombcr. Dr. Mary J.
Bearby, Miss Hope Byburn. Mrs. Hugh Center.
Miss Jean Manson, Mrs. Archie McDonald.
Mrs. J. L. Aeay. Miss Carrie West. Miss Mas
eie Hunklns and Mrs. Marie Feibos. ¦ - - ¦
Iowa Club— Mr*. Starter (chairman) Mrs. J.
Buchrodt. Mrs. Dennis. Mrs. Knapp. Mrs. Jen
ni« Cummlng. Mrs. Beerraaker, Mrs. Bozarth,
Mrs. Greenleaf. Mra. W. C. Harran. Mrs.
Klemhaus. Mrs. W A. Law. Mrs G B. Lum
bard. Mrs. J. P. Spaldinc. Mrs. Ickets Mrs.
Erma Statler. Mrs. Bessie Bozarth ' Mr».
Thomas Riley. .
After delightful vocal selections ren
dered by the Knickerbocker quartet, com
posed of D. B. Crowe, Herbert Williams,
L. A. Larsen and Dr. R. W. Smith, Col
onel Denlcke delivered an address to his I
The attendance wa3 large and as youth
ful in spirit as in the days of '61. The
white-haired veterans heard speeches
that were eloquent of the past and hope
ful for the future and optimistic as re
gards the present.
Colonel E. A. Denlcke. commander of
the Loyal Legion, presided and on his
left was Commander in Chief of the
Grand Army of .the Republic General
Black.
shake an au revolr until the en
campment to be held at Boston next year.
M n EMBERS of California Loyal
/vB Le&lon an<3 friends met last
1 V A night at the Occidental Hotel to
Mrs. Morris.' Mrs. Fllckinger. Mr. Tarleton,
Mrs. Graham. Mrs.. Start and Mr. Hlckey. -
Native Daughters — Mrs. Mamie Campbell
(chairman), Mrs. Lawrence, Miss Yoco
Miss Rutan, ' Mrs. G. A. Kocher Miss
Wonderllck. Miss Poulaine. Miss G. Poulaine
Miss M. Wade. M|ss L. Wade. Mrs. -F. b!
Chandler, Miss Frank Stockton. !
Pacific Coast Business College — Miss F. Rock
(chairman). Mr. Burton. Miss Grace Lewis
Miss Kittle Augustine. Miss Jennie Moore,'
Miss Bernlco- Hundley.. Miss' Josie Baker Miss
Barber. Miss Hinnott. ¦¦ - ¦•
Degree of Honor — Mrs. T. A. Piper (chair
man), Mrs. L. M. j Davis, Mrs. A. Schroeder,
Mrs. Walter Spugle. Mrs. A. Serlo Mrs M A
Crawford. Mrs. 8.. I. Pfelflle. Mrs. Nina Wil
liams. Mrs. C. Bacqule. Mrs. M. Rockwell Miss
E. ¦ Lljfhtstone, Mrs. Carrie Peterson. Mies R.
Soto.. Mrs. V. Stewart, Mrs. V. Romlne, Mrs.
F. Bassett.- Mrs. • Pcndergast and Mrs. Wil
liams.
Citizens' committee — Mrs. Gill (chairman).
.Love of country, loyalty to the flag,
good citizenship and observance of all
General Black • was deeply touched by
the ovation accorded him and delivered
an address which will long be remem
bered. During his remarks he declared
himself the unfailing friend of the com
rades" with whom he had fought side by
Bide.
There was no, mistaking the heartfelt
regard in which the commander in chief
of the Grand Army of the Republic Is
held in San Francisco. The assemblage,
both of local men and guests from other
States, rose on the mention of the gener
al's name and cheered him to the echo.
comrades which was patriotic and told
of the valiant service of the men of the
organization. He was followed by Gen
eral Black, who received an ovation
which will ring in his ears even long af
ter his return to Illinois.
Early In the evening Colonel A. J. Vln-
Ing, acting adjutant, and Past Post Com
mander W. A. Jacobs were detailed to
wait upon General Black and General
Stewart and escort them and their ladles
to the campflre at the Pavilion. From
they were driven to Steinway Hall.
Here the closing festivities' of the elab
orate series of high class entertainments
that the Thomas Post had been giving
during the week were taking p]ace.
In the neighborhood of 1000 persons were
present, who rose to their feet with one
accord and greeted the distinguished vis
itors with tremendous cheering. •
Commander A. D. CJtter received the
guests of honor upon the stage and as
they approached him he pinned on the
breast of each the beautiful post badge,
at the same time presenting each with a
handsome silken flap with long streamer
attached.
The recipients all replied with short
speeches, and again there was loud cheer
ing and shouts of approval.
Iner; Joseph G. Mansfield, city editor Call;
Ernest S. Simpson, city editor Chronicle: Henry
Lfc Brooke, news editor Bulletin: Clarence H.
Warren, city editor Post: Paul Cowles. man
ager Associated Press; Charles 9. Alken. edi
tor Sunset Magazine. Ladles' Auxiliary— Mrs.
C. Mason Klnne. Mrs. Samuel W. Backu*.
Mr?. Hush M. Burke. WBtBk
One of the most pleasing events of
the G. A. R. festivities of the past week
took place on Friday night at the recep
tion given by the George H. Thomas Post
at Steinway Hall.
This delightful feature was the presen
tation of badges to General John G.
Black, the newly elected commander; Gen
eral Thomas J. Stewart, the retiring com
mander, and Past National Commander
A. G. Weissert.
GIVEN BADGES OF HONOR.
_ . ¦ .^ .
Officers of Local Commandery of Loyal Legion Tender Banquet
to Distinguished Leaders of War Veterans.
SCENES AT SAX JOSE DURING THE ENTERTAINMENT OF THE GRAND ARMY VETERANS AND THEIR
FRIENDS BY THE CITIZENS OF SANTA CLARA VALLEY, A FEATURE OF WHICH WAS THE DISTRI
BUTION OF MANY TONS OF FRESH FRUITS.
The first exodus toward the. East com
menced yesterday: morning,' when a num
ber "started home. Eome via Ogden.and
others via Portland, Or. All -the evening
trains bound north, .-' south ¦ and east ' car
ried heavy; loads, and to-day all outgoing
trains will •; be taxed , to their utmost ca
pacity.: carrying away members of : that
noble: army, of. the republic V whose visit
to this coast marked an^epoch in the his
tory of the State and conferred an honor
upon all. who reside within Its bounds.
A big contingent left for Los Angeles
early in . the day, and will return here
about the -middle of the week. , ..
[ The Santa Cruz ¦ Mountains were also
.visited by a large contingent, which came
back late last night and reported, a fine
day In the redwoods.- .
A party, of 200 , visited Tamalpals and
spent the day there enjoying the grand
scenic panorama that stretched out be
fore their "delighted gaze. . Another party
of , 250 , went .over to Mill Valley, .where
they put in the' day wandering through
the beautiful .woods of that lovely sub
urban retreat. Another large party went
to Sausalito and were entertained' with
aquatic sports.
Large delegations visited the Cliff House
and park, the weather being unusually
propitious for these outings. About 3000
went to San Jose, both by broad and nar
row gauge lines. They returned late last
night. • They were delighted with their
trip and all spoke of the unbounded hos
pitality that was showered upon them.
They were especially loud in their praises
of the great display of . luscious fruits
and the wealth of flowers that greeted
them . on every side. . . .
The scenes in the early morning about
the different ferries and railroad stations
presented a highly animated appearance.
Some were saying good-by to : California,
and others starting out for a day's recre
ation. All were In the best of spirits and
enthusiasm was pictured on every face.
The arrangements for transportation
were entirely adequate, and while there
was commotion and excitement on all
sides no confusion of any kind prevailed.
FKSTERDAY the members of the
Grand Army of the Republic had
a chance 'to rest from their duties
and devote their time to the en
joyment of seeing San Francisco and the
cities about the bay.
While many lingered in the city taking
in the immediate points of interest in this
locality, the great ¦ majority"' took advan
tage of the different excursions, both by
rail and water, and left town for different
points early in the day.
The committee did splendid work and
has won the respect of every member of
the craft. The rooms were beautifully
decorated and the visitor was regaled
with liquid refreshments and enjoyed an
excellent programme. The headquarters
were open all day and hundreds of Grand
Army men dropped In to pay their re
spects.
Professional talent - entertained the
guests each evening. Such well-known
singers as Miss -Millie Flynn, Mrs. Grace
Davis Northrup. Miss Rose Brodeiick,
Miss. Frances Walss, Miss Alma Berg
lund and Miss Ella V. McCloskey took
part- each evening. Jean Durrell, the well
known elocutionist, charmed the visitors
with her. clever elocutionary work. Pro
fessor C. H. Randall and Professor A. F.
Worbes played the piano and violin dur
ing the evening and were heartily ap
plauded for their splendid playing.
The Press Club Quartet was always
ready to help out, and their services were
appreciated. ' Uncle George Bromley re
cited "When the Cows Come Home" and
told many of his interesting anecdotes.
The j press committee was composed of
well-known newspaper men of . this city
and the presidents of leading clubs. The
committee was as follows:
; Hugh Jl. Burke, chairman: Louis Levy, sec
retary: Harrison Gray- Otis: Samuel W.
Backus; N. P. Chlpman: E. O. McCormlck;
Colonel Charles L. Pierce; James D. Phelan,
president ¦ Bohemian Club; Klmore Leffingwelt,
president Press Club; Captain Robert H.
Fletcher; James R. Nourse, city editor Exam- ,
Among the distinguished visitors to
headquarters last night were General
John C. Black, commander In chief of
the . G. A. R., and General Thomas J.
Stewart, ex-commander in chief. They
were only able to stay a short time, but
enjoyed the hospitality of the men of the
press. During the last week the rooms
of the committee in the Grand Hotel
have been filled nightly with the foremost
soldiers in the United States. Lieutenant
General Kelson A. Miles. Major General
William R. Shatter, Major General Ar
thur MacArthur and others signed the
visitors' book. Governor Pardee and staff
visited the headquarters last Thursday
night.
Its headquarters last evening with
fitting ceremonies. There was a large at
tendance- of distinguished visitors from
the East and residents of this city. An
excellent vocal and instrumental pro
gramme was rendered and the guests
were delighted.
rHE press. committee of the Thirty
seventh Annual Encampment of the
Grand Army of the Republic closed
Final Reception Is
Given at Press
Quarters.
Throngs Participate
,in Farewells at
Ferry.
To-day they will be tendered an infor
mal reception at the nurses' settlement.
420 Tehama street.
The fourth annual convention of the
Spanish-American War Nurses' Associa
tion opened here on Friday. Delegates
from every section of the Union were
present. unfortunately through Illness
President Dr. Anita Xewcomb McGee of
Washington, D. C, was unable to be
present. Business of an informal char
acter was enacted. The election of of
ficers will take place Monday morning ac
Albion Hall, 120 O'Farrell street, at 10
o'clock. The last meeting of the society
was held In Washington in December.
1902. and the next meeting will be held
at St. Louis in 1904. jointly with the Vet
erans of the Spanish-American "War.
Friday afternoon twenty-four of the
nurses went to the Presidio, where they
were driven through the post In, ambu
lances, being the guests of the officers
stationed there.
• Yesterday the observation car Atlanta
wa3 chartered by the Golden Gate Camp
cf nurses and the visitors were shown
the principal places of Interest in the
city.
Last night a reception was tendered
them at the Sorosls Club, which was
largely attended by the wealth and fash
ion of San Francisco.
The nurses of Camp Golden Gate, as
sisted by Captain and Mrs. Kerwin of
Fort Mason, acted as the reception com
mittee. The principal feature of tho
evening was an eloquent and eulogistic
address of welcome delivered by Major
Kendall, captain of the general hospital
at the Presidio. Miss Eleanor Connell
sang two ballads in a charming manner
and then elaborate- refreshments and
champagne punch were served.
ARMY NURSES IN CONVENTION.
The final illumination of the streets and
arches took place last night, and though
many requests have been made for tha
electrical display to be given this even
in? the committee in charge decided to
end the festivities last night.
The old soldiers and their associates will
take with them to their far away homes
the kindliest recollsctions of the hospi
tality of California, and the visitors, one
and all, so expressed themselves.
at midnight laat night.
the Thirty-seventh Annual Encampment
of the Grand Army of the Republic passed
into history.
The last day of the encampment was
spent In a varied manner by the veter
ans and their visiting friends. Thousands
took advantage of the Invitation from, the
citizens of San Jose and Santa Clara Val
ley and went to the Garden City on the
special trains and enjoyed the beauties
of the trip.
Interesting points adjacent to San Fran
cisco were also visited and the delights
of Golden Gate Park and the beach at
tracted thousands.
But little business was accomplished by
the city's guests yesterday, for all wera
determined to make the last day of the
encampment free from care. Final calls
were made at the many State headquar
ters of the Grand Army, the Woman's
Relief Corps and the Ladies of the G. A.
R. Farewells were expressed and the
bustle and excitement of near departure
was imminent everywhere.
While many of the veterans and visi
tors left by yesterday's train, the bulk
of the departures will take place to-day.
The travelers will return to their homes
by many routes, as the railroad companies
have afforded every opportunity to the
veterans to Inspect the glories of the Pa
cific States.
-^r wHEN the thousands ot
M Is Jr electric lights Ulumlnat
ta /h / ing the streets, public
Br Hr buildings and triumphal
* ' arches were extinguished
,rl' n i l J^' S \ o . r ; mttilu<^-rMrs. H. E. Miller
*'" Jexsie Mitchell, Mrs. McVey and E L.
Sen* and Tteughif-rr of Pioneers— Mies Joey
i.T.TV^? 1^'- Miss JuII » Anderson. Mrs.
l'ilu M?«. hw M 7' Em J "ran^n. Miss Clara
m ' t?"« ~ HiMmh. J. S. Lawrence,
Mrs. p. Herold. E. A Kmi^v u n p> »
Orifnn Mrs. V\«<Jr Mra. Lutch. Mrs. Dahl.
Mr* Meyer Mra. Kflban. Mrs. Gurrans. Mm.
t>rcb»t^ Mr.. Ul«ia». Mrs. Grant, Mrs.
Amonf those who waited on the tables
were the following-;
Kaftern Star— Mr*. Sam Moreland fchalr
rr.an); Mrs. George T. Pratt. Mrs. 'C. R. Wil
liams MiM Drcxier. Mis* Pratt, Mrs. Cobb,
Mr*. Field. Mr*. Oilmcre, Mr*. Dr. Whiffln
and Mr*. Vail.
Fraternal Aid Society— Mrs. Bates (chair
man) Ml*s Maud Rurdlck. MIes Eva Holland.
, „ , lnKor - Mrs J W. Holland. Mrs.
trlt?ZJS « A- "t-M™. O. A. Welch
m-n) Mr,. .«= a. H oyt, Mrs. Henry E. Miller.
m «; i^f,*! K< '^y- Mrs. Brown. _Mrs. Drew.
"l» £ aRlels ' Mrs - Sherwood. Mrs. A. E.
THOSE WHO ASSISTED.
<>n transportation — George L. Barker, L B.
McMahlM. A. L. Chambers. Fred C. Ross and
Hurh Center.
It was i-hortly after 11 o'clock «rben the
visitors began to come in on special and
rfpul*r trains. Committees met them at
the depot and directed them to the park.
but & few blocks away. The arrange
ments were, perfect. All veterans who
wore the tedge of the Grand Army of the
Republic were permitted inside the wires
That surrounded the tables. No time was
tact In waitics: on the quests. Hundreds
of ladies, .dressed in white, moved back
and forth with pitchers of delicious coffee
and lemonade. There was no hitch in the
Bxnsgeme&tl and everything went off as
,'lanned--
Mrs. \V. H. Haley, chairman of the
waiters' committee, was in charge of the
ladjpg and Paul Shcup of the Southern
Pacific Company looked after the ar
rangements. Mrs. Dr. A. E. Osborn.
chairman cf the supply committee, also
rendered efficient service.
The ladies and gentlemen who looked
after the old soldiers represented various
organizations and colleges of this city.
They not only gave their services, but
contributed money and supplies in order
that the affair might be a success.
Between the rendering of selections by
the band an informal programme was en.
joyed. A roll of the great battles of the
war was called. Many answered to the
call of Gettysburg and Shiloh. and there
was also a numb, r of Mexican war vet
erans. Stories cf the battles were told
and experiences related. A Grand Army
man from Iowa sang an old army song.
Walter G. Jones of Company C. Eighth
New York Cava'.ry. exhibited a Bible
•that had twice been the means of saving
hi* life in battle. The long roll O f the
drum was also given. Miss Jessie Camp,
an 11-Teur-ptd miss with thp Ohio d<lepa
tJon, gave several recitations that were
well received. The I^.s Anpeles n j> an( j|
drum corps also rendered patriotic music.
The Euceos? of the affair shouM be credl
itrd to the citizens' committee that
worked in conjunction with the Grand
Army posts. Joseph H. Rucker was
chairman and J. Edward I>»e secretary
It consisted of members from all over
the county. Final preparations were
placed in the hands of an executive com
mittee that was subdivided as follows:
r>r. Stock ins-. AsTiewF; Thomas Derby AI
maden: J. J. Ortley. Alviso; H. Lord Berrv
rssa; C. H. Whitman. Campbell; J. V.\*Thayer
Ollroy; W. B. nankin, Los Gate*; G. RagVio'
Madron?; Ben M*yer, Mayfleld; L. a Cunha'
Mlipitar: A. C. i-'terrett. Morgan Hill; W a'
•lark. Mountain Vi*-w; J. V. Parkinson. Palo
Alto; F..W. aicCurdy. Rucker: E. S. Wi!Iiam*
Saratosa; James C. Lowe, Sunnyvale-; Dr. a!
i: Osborne, I^-anta Clara. Fan' Jrst- — A. K
Whltton. Oiarles N.- Coc, Oeorg> L. Barker
A. C. Darby. J-- D. Radford, Albert H»ttpns'
T. *v Montgomery. T. C Barnttt, J. O. Hayes*
A. Orwninger. R. V. Horsey. \V. S Orvi/
Frank Flock, C. J. Cornell and H. D. Mathews!
Printing, publicity and ftdwertlslas — E. M.
Khrhorn. Pau! fihoup. F. M. Eler, I. B. Mi—
-¦:•¦. •::!! er><J A. C. Raton.
On fruit— L. F. Graham, W. P. Crajrin. W.
'. Lyon, Gerrc* Frank and Lloyd Child*.
Packing-house* and canneries — ft. W. H«r
wy. J. W. <7h!Iton. Frank A. Dix^n, Elmer E.
'">.«(-*, Edward Richmond.
On lunch**— Paul Fhoup. George P. Snell.
F. W. Crandall, G. H. Wheeler and W. C.
Andrew*.
SPECIAL TBALNS ARRIVE
hospitality of the citizens of
this city. Twer.ty-six long tables, ar
ranged end waited on by the fair resi
dents of the Garden City, were occupied
by the visitors. Everything was prepared
for their coming and the old soldiers were
delighted with the warmth of their recep
tion.
Bvtt7 table was laden with fruit and
choice viands. The guests of honor were
charmed with their reception and ex
pressed their pleasure.
The citizens of this city certainly put
forth their best efforts to entertain the
comrades. Cars, carriages and other ve
hicles were placed at their disposal and
the guests were given a splendid oppor
tunity to see the t>eautles of the Garden
City and its surroundings.
Tor.s of fruit were sent to the park for
consumption and the visitors were over
whelmed. Watermelons, plums, peaches
and other choice fruits filled every table
and after the guests had their surfeit of
fruit they -were driven through the or
chard districts and all attestt-d that the
Sacta Clara Valley was "Gods own coun
try."
The San Jose Band discoursed music
during the" luncheon and in the afternoon.
Patriotic jind popular soaRs were played
by the bar.d and the crowds applauded.
Are Regaled
With Free
Fruit.
f te.AN JOSE, Aug-. 22.— Beneath
ft*, the shade of the trees In St.
James Park at noon to-day
j. jl 50CK) veterans %r.d their wives
and families partook of the
Many Guests
to Leave ;
To=Day.
Busy Scenes
Occur at
Hotels.
Heroes Enjoy
San Jose
Feast.
Headquarters
of States
Close.
Visit Valley
of Santa
Clara.
GRAND ARMY OF REPUBLIC ENCAMPMENT TRIUMPHANTLY ENDS
AND CROWDS OF VISITORS BEGIN TO DEPART FOR THEIR HOMES
• - ¦ _j^.' • ¦ ¦ ¦¦-¦-. . .. , ..¦-,..¦-.... . ¦ -
SAN FRANCISCO, SUNDAY, AUGUST 23, 1903.
Pages 33 to 44
Pages 33 to 44An exhibition of athletics will be held
this* afternoon 'at 2:3d o'clock on the pub
lic playgrounds'; Seventh and Harrison
streets. George SchHt'ter," Howard Gil
lette, Charles Merz,. Hermann Stelljes and
others will perform. There will also be
a basket ball game and- general athletic
work! " '
All doubt was dispelled yesterday re
garding the return match between Benny
Yanger and Eddie Hanlon. Manager John
Hertz received a wire from his represen
tative in Chicago saying Yanger is in
training. He will start West the first
week in September. The fight is' set for
Tuesday, September 29. The fact that
Yanger will be ready to fight will bring
<o an «nd all negotiations for a match
between Herrera and Hanlon. .
Yanger to Meet Hanlon.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CHICAGO, Aug. 22. — Glassful, an
other one of the good sons of the great
sire Mirthful, ran away with the Au
gust- handicap at Hawthorne to-day,
in which he was at 7 to 1 and prac
tically neglected inlthe betting. The
track was fast, 1 the weather clear and
hot and the best crowd of the meet
ing was in attendance.
Fred Cook's good colt, St. Minor,
was struck by a street car last night
and instantly killed while being led
from Hawthorne to Harlem. The colt
was valued at $3000.
FIRST RACE— Mile, nurse:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. K Fin.
0 to 5— Lendln, 112 (Domlnlck).. 3 1 1 2
5 to 2— Brush By, 102 (S. Bonner) 12 2 1%
a> J° 1— LdyMtchlss. 107 (Bknrth) 4 3 3%
wTJ me * iL 41 ., 2 " 5 - Start Eood - Won easily,
winner. Fred Cook's b. c. by Linden-Kit Kat.
Ltmca 107, Sailor's Dream 100, Mamselle 107,
Zepho 10!>, Durandel 100. Naulahka 107, also
ran.
SECOND RACE— Steeplechase, short course,
handicap:
Eetting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
8 to 1— Falella, 143 (C. Johnson) 3 114
10, to 1— Arius. 142 (Dash) 7 2 2%
l;i to 1— Oliver Me, 133 (T.Corbley) 5 4 3 3%
Time. 2:54 2-5. Start good. ' Won easily.
Wlnn ?r, C. Hak & Sons' b. m. by Falconer-
Brlarilia. Joe McGee 130 also ran. Dagmar 140
refused. Paulaker 145 threw rider. Senator
Matts 143 ran out.
THIRD RACE— One and a quarter miles,
August handicap:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
7 to 1 — Glassful, »S (Adkins).... 1113%
0 to 1— The Giver, 103 (Bknrth).. 3 2 2 n
10 to 1— Bes McCthy. 100 (S. Boner) 2 0 S 1
Time, 2:03 2-5. Start good. Won easily.
Winner, P. Dunne's b. g. by Mirthful-Belle
Hoy.t. Hargls 108. Flocarllne 07, Bondage 103,
Nitrate 115. also ran.
FOURTH RACE — Six furlongs, handicap:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
10 to 1— Schwalbe. 104 (Robblns).. 2 1 In
18 to 5— Walnamolnen HO(S.Bonr) 4 2 2 1%
0 to 2— Toah, 110 (Adkins) 1 3 3 1
Time. 1:13 1-5. Start good.. Won driving.
W inner. B. Schreiber's blk. f. by Sain-Grati
tude. Linguist 101. Telamon 10S, The Ken
tuckian 112, Beau Ormonde 115, also ran.
FIFTH RACE— One and an eighth miles;
selling:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. ty. Fin.
13 to 5— Floyd K, 91 (L. Wilson).. 6 3 13
9 to IO— Our Eeafie. 89 (H.Phillips) 5 12 1
11 to 1— Serge. 07 (Helgesen) . . . . 14 3 %
Time, 1:53 3-5. Start good. Won easily.
Winner, S. C. Hildreth'a b. c. by Pontlco-Ona
etta. C. B. Campbell 105. Frivol 03. Prodigal
Son 04, Lode Star 104, Slap Dash 108, also
ran.
SIXTH RACE— Five and a half furlongs,
purse:
Bettln?. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
IS to 5— Peter Paul, 115 (S.Bonnr) 4 2 1 n
1« to 5— Witchcraft, 10$ (L-Wilsn) 2 3 2 4
11 to 10 — Clftn Free, 111 (Helgsn) 3 13 5
Time, 1:06 4-I>. Start good. Won driving
Winner, Mrs. R. Bradley's br. g. by Aloha-
Eminence. J. P. Mayberry 111 Father Tallent
112. Tootsey Mack 100 Elle 100. also ran
Benefit for Former Fireman.
A game of lacrosse will be played at the
baseball grounds, corner Eighth and
Br&fm'Sn streets, on the 30th inst for the
benefit of Samuel Shear, a former mem
ber of the Fire Department. Two teams
from the California Lacrosse Association
"will cross sticks and are practicing dally
for the event.
Time, 2:35. Start good. Won eased up.
Winner, Mrs. M. Goldblatt's b. gr. by Hart
Wallace-Florence Shanks. Satin Coat lttf
Pamplona 100, Goo Goo 85, Irving Mayor 105,
also ran.
han) 4 1 1 10
0 to 2 — Tony Lepping. 10O (Shea) 5 3 2 ',4
0 to 2 — Gin Spray, 1C5 (R. Murphy) 3 'i 3 s
SIXTH RACE— One and a half . miles. Bell
ing:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. K Fin
3 to 1— Dr. Hart. 105 (J. Shee-
FIFTH RACE — Seven furlongs, purse:
Betting. Horse, Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
8 to S — Bas d'Or, 105 (J. Shee
han) 1 2 11
» to 6— Hilee, 105 (F. Smith) 2 12 8
7 to 2— Flintlock, 1)3 (Hlgglns) 5 5 3%
Time. 1 :2ti%. Start poor. Won easily. Win
ner, W. Mulkey's ch. g. by Dochart-Golden
Slipper. Macy 108, Hottentot 98, Miss West
93, also ran.
han) 4 2 2 nk
7 to 1 — Frank Bell. 108 (Shea) 113 6
Time, 1:13. Start good. Won driving. Win
ner. W. W. Elliott's br. m. by Hermence-Aala
Lala. Helen Print 102, Theory 85, Maud
Gcnne 105, also ran.
FOURTH RACE — Six furlongs, handicap:
Betting. Horse, Weight, Jockey. St. «i Fin.
7 to 5— Miss Mae Day, 110 (Ht£
glns) . 5 3 1 %
13 to 5— Croix d'Or, 107 (J. Shee-
Time. 1:55%. Start good. Won easily. Win
ner. L. Lemp & Co.'s ch. c. by Counter Tenor-
Onlisht. W. B. Gates 104, also ran.
ner) 3 2 11%
3 to 1— Josie F, 105 (Shea) 4 3 2 1
13 to 5 — Montana Peeress, 04 (Byx
bee) 113 2
THIRD RACE— One and an eighth milea,
selaiig:
Betting. Horse, Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
11 to 10— Light Opera. 103 (C. Bon-
SECOND RACE— Five and a half furlongs,
purse: . ,, . .
Btttlns. Horse, "Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
7 to 1 — Toupoe, 105 (Donegan). . . . 2 11
5 to 1 — Major Carpenter, 103 (F.
Smith) 5 5 2%
8 to 1— Harbor, 103 (Higrgins) 1 4 3h
Time. 1:08 hi. Start good. Won driving:.
Winner, L. Simpson's br. c by Tenny-Flores.
Potter 108, Jebane 105. Soufrlere 100, Flrbane
108, Huckleberry Finn 108, also ran.
han) 6 3 3h
Time. 1:41%. Start good. Won easily. Win
ner, Oats Bros.' ch. c. by First Mate-Manola
Mahon. Decoration 108. Budwelser 105, Scotch
Snuff 102, Dr. Holscher l>.">, also ran.
Watson) . 3 2 11%
11 to 5— Custus. 103 (Hirglna) 1 12 8
7 to 2 — Neversuch, ltf) (J. Shee-
In the fourth Miss Mae Day was
made a hot public ¦ favorite over Crolx
d'Or. In the fifth the contenders, Hilee
and Bas d'Or, were from the same
stable, and an Interesting stretch duel
furnished interest. Summaries:
KIHST RACE — Mile, purse:
Betting. Horse, Weighr. Jockey. St. %, Fin.
8 to 5— First Mason, 108 (W.
ST. LOUIS, Aug. 22.— A very attrac
tive Saturday card brought out an at
tendance of 5000 to Kinloch Park. The
weather- was clear and warm . and the
track was lightning fast. The fourth
and fifth races, the former six furlongs
and the latter seven furlongs, handicaps,
were attractive features.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
The longest trial of the day waa be
tween Little Plunger and Ouida, the two
greyhounds running three minutes and
twenty-two seconds before the hare was
killed. Two relief dogs were sent out
and for a time the quartet found It dif
ficult to break down the hare.
The Eastern dogs from the Van Hum
mel kennels did not show to the best ad
vantage. Redwood Lad and Marguerite
were the only winners out of five nom
inations.
Of the dogs in to-day Pasha Pleasant.
Flora Belle. Renegade Apache. Young
Fearless and Presidio Boy look the best.
They are to run well into the
money. The results in detail with Judga
Thomas Tierney's official scores follow:
Tabasco Bob b«at Van Noye. 15-2: Bob R
beat Lulu Girl. 8-«; Otto beat Eastlake. 9-5;
Safala beat Clobcfell. 10-3; Slievenamon beat
Cascade, 8-2: Shadow beat Lord Ooff. 6-0;
Wedgewood beat Harvey M, 6-0; WUtte Hat
beat Pepper Jack. 7-5; Grace W beat Whisky
Hill. 8-0; Dorothy M beat Rosetreo. 8-0; Med
ley beat Magtc Stuff. 22-0; Bonnie Hugh! a beat
Old Ironsides. 5-2: Tdp»y Turvey beat Roy
Hughle, 4-1 ; Tom Hurlick beat Donnybrook.
8-2; Wattles beat Tan Dalla, 15-6; Money Musk
beat Glaucus. ltf-3; Go On beat Lady Pinto,
15-7; Presidio Boy beat Duhallow, 5-0; ilanr
Ann bteat Lady Menlo. &-3; Modest Beauty beat
Rlenzl. 7-2; Youngr Fearless beat May Flush.
li-t; Belfast beat Clarice. 7-2; Miss Wilson
beat Lily Wright. 5-4: Irvlngton Tralee beat
Rock and Rye, (V2; Concord Boy beat White
Buck, 9-5; May Hempstead beat Special, 5-4;
Odd Eyes beat Idle Fellow. 10-5; King's Pride
a bye, Gramercy withdrawn; Melrose beat
Little Lucy, 9-7; Siren beat Chill Mara, 10-7:
Rural Artist beat Sempronlus, 7-4: Little Mercy
beat Imperious, 3-0; Yukon beat Lottie W. 5-0:
Firm. Fellow beat Articulate. 13-7; Rockefeller
beat Golden Links, 8-3; Flora Belle beat Bella
Lloyd. 6-2; Piker beat Reta S. 6-4; Our Myra
beat Terah, 7-4; Pasha Pleasant beat Doreen.
14-2: Ragtime a bye. Pasha Queen withdrawn;
Aggie W beat Tyrone Prince. 6-0; Vtna, beat
Fine Gold, 6-1; Fannie Hughle beat Flower of
Kerry, 4-1; Meddlesome beat Pure Gold, 22-0:
Redwood Lad beat Pretty Face, 6-0; Haddlng-
Batteries — Willis and Moran; Currie and
Ryan. Umpire — Johnson.
ton beat Adonis. 5-0; General D« Wet beat Yel
low Tail, 5-3; Royal Friend beat Luxury. 13-4:
Renegade Apache beat Harlean Gladys. 3-2;
I'na beat Arsina. 8-3; Little Plunger beat
Oulda, 12-4; Golden Rule beat Thetis, 4-2;
Halfmoon beat Creswick, 12-2; Marguerite beat
Sir Pasha. 8-4: Beluga beat Mount Rose, »-4:
Master Clalr beat Sylvan, 12-1.
The talent was bumped hard at Ingle
side Coursing Park yesterday afternoon,
warm favorites being beaten in the last
five trials. The worst upset was the de
feat oi Mount Rose by Beluga, a 10 to 1
shot. At the first attempt Mount Rose
broke out of "slips." Beluga was then
released, but the trial was called "no
course. " At the . second trial Beluga,
which is a green puppy, outfooted and
outworked Mount Rose, winning ultimate
ly by a score of 9 points to 4.
Two Horses Prom the
Same Stable Con
tend at Kinloch.
Defeats Mount Rose, a
1 to 10 Choice, at
Ingleside.
Son of Great Mirthful
Runs Away With
Handicap.
BELUGA SHOCKS
HEAVY BETTORS
GLASSFUL WINS
AT HA WTHORNE
STRETCH DUEL
THRILLS CROWD
The annual race meeting of the Pacific
Coast Trotting Horse Breeders' Association
will commence next Wednesday at Peta
luma. It- will continue four days., The
betting will bo limited to auction and
parl mutuel pools.
' A train will leave Petaluma each day
for this city Immediately after the last
race. On Thursday the two-year-old pac
ing division of the $6000 Breeders' Futurity
stakes will be decided. The entries for
the opening day are: •
2:30 class, trot, $500 — Gr. 'm: Louise Croner.
br. s. Erosmont, s. • g. Larlctn W, b. m. .Gertie
H. b. rn. Rosie Woodburn. b, m.Dollexa, bl.g.
OroBelmotit, a. g.- Deputy, br, m. Lady Zom
bro, b. m. Una K, br. m. Sona; b. gr. Sproul,
b. el Telephone, fc. g.' Getaway,, b. gr. Swift B.
Pacific Slope stakes. $2000, for 2:20 class
pacers — Ch. g. Key del .Diablo, br. s. Jonesa
Basler, bl. «. Del Oro, • b. gr Allendale, bl. m.
Novice, b. if. Billy. F, s. g. N L B, b. g.
Tom Carneal, rn.,:m., Mildred O, br. m.
Bullet; b. m. Dot.' b. n. Almereno, b. g.
Rajah, ch. g. Edwin S, b. m. The Mrs. b. m.
Sutter MaKi. b. g.>Ben F. br. f. Miss Georgie,
b. g; Ira. t>. - g ¦ Colonel . C b. h. , Monroe 8,
b. g. Al San4y. b, g. George.
/ 2:15 class, troC JflOOO-7-B. -R. Ole, b. a.
Geprge W. McKlnney, b. s. Potrero, b. g.
Zambra. b. b. Limcnero. : b." nt. Verona, gr. g.
What Is It, gr, in.. Louise Croner,, b. m. Daisy
B, ch. g. Lynall.'b. g. Hollo.
Breeders' Meeting Gives Promise of
Exciting Sport Among Light
W'^0- Harness Horses.
TROTTEKS- AND " PACERS
WILL RACE AT PETAXUMA
' TearJWInner. | Time. |Value.
1901 (Blues {2:522-6 |3350
•l»Oi! iAdvance Guard 13:01 4-6 335O
19<;3 j Africander |2 :58 OOOO
•Increased from one and five-eighths
ZEllea to cne and three-fourths miles.
two-year-olds ; six furlongs:
Betting. How. Weight. Jockey St. »4 Fin.
12 to 1— Highball. 117 (Fuller) 6 8 12
12 to 1— Dimple. 107 (Odom) 3 1 2 %
CO to 1 — Rapid Water. 117(Wnkflld) 9 7 3 n
Time. 1:14 1-5 Start fair Won driving. Win
ner. W. SI. Scheftel's b. c. by Ben Strome-
Strychlnla. Palmbearer 122. The Mlnuteman
117. Gallant 122. Stalwart 117. Reliance 110.
Golden Saint 122, Tlppecanoe 122. Avenger 117.
Grfrcn Crest 107. Crown Prince 110. Nut Crack
er 110. also ran.
FOURTH RACE— Saratoga cup: three-year
olds and upward; mile and six furlongs:
BettlSff. Horse. Weight. Jockey St. % Fin.
10 to :>— Africander. 113 (Fuller).. 2 3 In
9 to 5 — Heno 120 (Burns) 3 1 2 15
C to 5 — Water Boy. 120 (Odom)... 12 3
TiTne. 2:58. Start good. Won driving. Winner
Hampton Stable'* b. c. by Star Ruby-Afrlc
Queen. (Three starters.)
FIFTH R.VCE— Purse; two-year-olds; five
and a half furlongs:
Bwlng. Horse. M'eSirht. Jockey St. *i Fin.
13 to 10 — Hambrg B«lle 114(Fullr) 2 112
20 to 1— Long Shot. 117 (J. Mrtin) 3 4 2 2
C to 1— Race King. 117 fOdom).. 8 2 3 2
Time. 1:07. Start goo<l. Won easily. Winner.
S. I'apft's oh. f. by Hamburg-Isiac. Mercury
112. Adrfutha 1(>9. Beldame 114, Sais 112
Graceful 114 Strephon 112, Komomba 109,
Bronx 112. al£o ran.
EIXTH RACE— Selling; three-year-olds and
SARATOGA, N. Y^ Aug. 22.— An im
mense throng 'saw' AfrlcarT^er beat Heno
and Waterboy to-day for the Saratoga
cup Fttiies, valued at J>XO. In doing so be
tsade a sew world's record for a mile
and three-quarters. He set a mark of
2:5$. the prertoua record being 2:58 2-5,
Held by Larson. Hermls, Irish Lad and
Circus had be«i withdrawn, leaving but
three to eo. Uc-no led all the way to
the stretch, Waterboy running second to
the thr*e-<lshths pole, where Africander
passed frirn Fuller rode Africander In
fine style, winning- in a hard drive in the
last hundred yards, was fif
teen *<\nclhs ba-ck. The tvijjncr . was 16
to 5 in the Letting, Heno was 9 to 5 and
Waterboy was played down to C to 5 fa
voritism.
Sydney Facet's Hamburg Belle came
out after a lung rest and won a. five and
a half furlongs sprint in good 1 style.
The Grand Union stakes of 510, (WO was
won easily by Highball, a 12 to 1 shot,
ridden cleverly by fuller. Summary:
F*nST RACI3 — Handicap; all ages; KTtB
fur»<)Tyjs:
Brttlng. Home. \Vcigfct. Jockey. f=t. \ F".n.
3 to 1— rie.lla.blc. 317 (Burns) 2 1 1 '4
8 to 5 — Hurstboume. 120 <J. Mrtln) 13 2 4
8 to l—Vuke of Kendal. HKOdom) 7 5 3 2
Time, 1 :25 ;-?. Start poor. 'Won driving.
Winner W". C. Whitney'g b. c. by Watercress-
Annftte. Futurita 1()5. Koetand 110. lilyria
«5. Monograph 112. The Carmelite 100. also
ran
SECOND RACE— Thn ShITlalah Bteeplechase ;
about two and a hajf miles:
BeUiog. Horec. \\>ight. Jockey St. \ Fin.
5 to 2 — I^avator. 1C5 (Mara) 2 2 lh
:.T to S — Land of Clovr. Kl( VtStch) «i 1 2 10
5 to 2 — Arias. 130 (A. Jackson).. 1 3 Z 30
Time. S:04. Start good. Won driving. Winner.
J. XV. Colt'* ch. ft. by Falvatcr-Hot Sr lings.
Fulmlne*e 1C2, Rowdy 151. Ca!!cr 137. Whine
Kay 14S, VsJdez 145. also ran.
THIRD RACE— Grand Union Hotel stakes;
OAKIiANT> IS DEFEATED.
Mixes Up in a Slugging Match With
. Los. Angeles Team. •'.
LOS ANGELES, Aug. 22.— The Seraphs
and the Oakland aggregation engaged in
the fiercest .battins game this afternoon
been here this season. The locals won out
by the score of 12 to 8. Both teams start
ed in the first inning to smash any kind
of offering served up by the pitchers and
•kept it up, with momencary interruptions,
to the last. The locals made two more
hits and four less errors than Lohman's
Cripples, which pulled thern through. Jud
Smith was put out of the. game in the
first inning for disputing with McDonald.
Wheeler moved pver to third base, Cor
bett going to second. Gray was taken out
in the sixth and Hall substituted. There
was some star fielding by Francks and
Toman and some bad errors by Doc Mos
kiman. Attendance 2000. Score:
Los Angeles— Oakland—
AB. R. H. P. A. . AB. It. H, P. A
\-1 y :?£¦;*. t 2 3 2 1 OHara.cf 0 2 4 4 6
I.lr.2b-:jb5 1 4 0 ;s Krnks.ss 4 110 4
Smlth.3b 10 0 1 OMurk.rf.. 5 1 120
KiT. b "',- b 4 2 1 O 4 Sh\vtz,2b 5 2 3<i 1
tfillon.lb 5 12 4 0 Mkmn.if. 5 0 14 0
« ravth.rf 5 0 0 0 € Oorton.c 5 11 3 3
rtoss.lf.. 4 113 0 Mesly.lb 5 0 t -I "i
j.oman,ss 5 2 3 14 Bxtr.Sb. 4 1 2 •> 1
pies.c. 5 2 2 6 lLee.p... 4 0 10 1
iiray.p...2 O 1 0 l| ____
Hall, p..JJ 110 1 Totals 43 S 10 24 13
Totals 43 12 18 27 lH|
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
Los Angeles C 2 10 2 " Q 1 0 x— l"
Iizs* hiu 4 4 2 0-4-2 1 ? x-l5
Oakland 1 2 2 0 1 o 0 2 o—s
Base hits 2 a 2 1 3 11 2 1— 1U
SUMMARY,
Stolen bases-rO-Hara. Hoy, Wheeler/ Toman
Spies Errors— Dillon (2). Ross. Mosklman
]y< Gorton. Three-baee hit— Dillon. Two-ba«e
hits-Hoy (2), Schwartz (3). Tcman. u™; Lee
? *}?*,*: /irst base on errors— Los AnKelf*'
3: Oakland. 2. First base on ball«-Off A £fe *'.
A^^i? y ' fi 1: r?1, HaI1 - h **" on bas^Us
Angtles. 8;. Oakland. 0. Struck out— By Lee
1: by Gray. 1; by Hall. 1.. Time of game— 2h'
10m. Umpire— McDonald. B«me—^n.
TWO GAMES FOR SALT LAKE.
First of the Contests Takes Twelve
Innings to Decide.
SALT LAKE. Utah. Aug. 22.-By playing
clean, fast ball m the field and bunching their
hits the Elders captured both games to-day
from Seattle. In each contest the llnal result
was in doubt until the last man had been re
tiied. Quick pitched championship bali and
was splendidly supported. The first game was
a twelve-inning affair and was won on errorl
by Babbitt and McNichols. The second game
iT 8^!*™"" 1 U . D ¦• ' a ' flve-lnnm« contest, but
it took an extra innlny for the locals to eel
la the winning run. With one man out Davis
batted out e three-bagger. Weed brought him
in a moment later with a -two-base hit. Quick
and Maupin. at their own request, pitched In
both ffamee. . Attendance, 1600. Scores: '
First came — ' . ¦ • ' R ii t.
Salt Lake .3 0 0 0.0 0 4 0 0 0 0 2-S' m'' *
SeatUe ....0 0 0 3 0 2 10 10 0 0—7 12 4
Second game — • • ' r. ' tt ¦»
Salt Lake ....0 0 010 1—2 7 2
Seattle.. 0 0 0 0 10—1 6 2
Batteries--Quick and Anderson; Maupin and
Stanley. Umpire— Huston. . pin * n<1
BUTTE. Mont., Aug. 22.— Spokane's heaw
hitting to-day, coupled with the inability
the Miner, to do anything , with ¦ Puttmann
won the game for the visitors. Butte's e«S?i
were costly. The club put up a miserable Ex
hibition of baseball. Attendance, COO Fcore"
Butte ....0 0 0 0 0 0 1 0 0— X: ?' ?i
Spokane 0 18 3 0-001 0—13 14 " \
Batteries— Roach, Lundbohm and Swindells-
Puttmann and Hanson. Umpire— Riither. •
WINNERS OF THE,
jSARATOGA GUP
upward;-mn e and a' sixteenth^on turf: '
Bettinlr. f Il6re<*.0ft-e%ht!? JocRey St. % Fin.
8 to 1— Black Hussar,' J&6 fJ:Mrtln> 4 • 1 1-t
4 to 1— Post. 90 (Desouza).". ,.-8 2 2« :
T to 2— Satire 165 (Hicks). .-.'... ;V 6 4 3 2
• T1in>. l:4»^-5. Start Rood Won easily, "tf-in-
n * r . >V. ft Faneha-w's b. .c. by St. George-Ma
rie 'Janseh. "Lord Advocate 101 * Hoodwink .102 '
Easy Street* 109. Gold-BtirK© 'bllden 100 Eari
of Warwick 01, also ran. ; > • » ., : "
THRE£-YEAIt-OLD EON OP STATt RUBY, BRED AT -JAMES B. HAGGIN'S RAXCHO DEL PASO NEAR SAC
RAMENTO. 'WHICH 13 .PROVING THE SENSATION OF THE YEAR ON THE EASTERN RUNNING TRACKS,'
• HAVING WON A NUMBER OF THE RICHEST STAKES. / ..>,-;.« i^. /-W ;> ... , '
''"¦¦'- - ->-r •¦">-'* p»a e '13 ..it. - f •
SUMMARY.
Errprs^-Sheehan-rBrnshear 2, Wilson. Two
base hit— Dolan. Sacrifice hits — McLaughlln,
Lumlcy. First baee on balls— Off Baker 3. oft
Barber 6. Left on bases— Sacramento 0, Seat
tre 11.' Struck out— By Baker- «, by Barber 8.
Hit by pitcher — Townseml, Smith 2. Barber,
Zlnssar. Duuble plays — Casey to Kagan to
Hogan; Braehear unassisted. PaEsed ball —
Wilson. Wild pitch— Baker. Time of game—
2. hours and 15 minutes. ' Umpire—^O'Connell.
.
TotalsiSS 3 ' r. 27 9|
" RUN'S ANP HITS BY INN1XC5S. 1 '
Sacramento. 1 0 10 10 0 0 0 — 3
Base hit3 * 1 000011, 1 1— 5
Seattle 1' 0 0 '0^0 10 0 0—2
. Ba»e hits ...... 0 020 11 2 2 0-^S
SACRAMENTO. Aug. 22.— An excellent
game of ball was spoiled to-day by the
senseless kicking of the players. Any de
cision of the umpire was a signal for a
wrangle, in ¦ which Park Wilson and
Charley Doyle were the chief offeniers.
Doyle was eventually put out of the game.
It took an hour and ten minutes to play
three Innings. Barber made Jiis first ap
pearance in the box for the Seattle team
and was effective, except in the third in
ning, when he walked four men straight
and forced in a run. Baker pitched for
Sacramento and did excellent work.
Score: • •¦• "
Sacramf-nto — • • : Seattle — '
AB.R. II. P.A.f AS.R. H. P.A.
Tas-ey. 2b. 3 0 12 3 Lumly, cf.:; 1 12 0
Htldbt, lf.:i 2 0 0 0 Mohlr, 2b.5 0 1-4 0
McL'n, rf.2 1 11 p ! 15r?hr. lb.4 0 2 10 1
ICagan, fs.8 0 0 4 2 Smith, lf..'t 0 12 0
Hopn, lb.2 0 1 10 liZlnpar, rf.3 10 10
t.hohn, Sb.-T 0 1.2 . alAndra, 3b.4 0 0 1 .4
Vhms, cf..{ Oil OlDolan, ss.3 0210
Orahm, c.4 0 0 6 0 Wilson, c.4 0 0 0 2
Baker, p.-.t 0 0-0 I Barber, p.3 0 10 4
Voned, lb.O ' 0 . 0 0 0 ' . - '
Doyle, cf.l 0 0 0 1 Totals.32 2 8 27 11
DOYLE PUT OFF THE FIELD.
Stolen bases — Shay.- Nadeau. Errors — Shay,
Hollinersworth. Irwin^ Francis. Two base hits
— Hurlbert, Lynch.- Krug. Sacrifice hits—
Mcany, Anderson, Van Buren. First base on
errors— San Francisco 2; Portland • 1. First
bace on called balls — Off Iberg 2; off Butler 1.
Left on basei*— San Frnnclnco 5; Portland 11.
Struck out— By lberg 3; by Butler 2. Double
plays — Delmaa to Shay to Pabat. Hurlbert to
Van Buren. InvJn .to. Pabst. Passed ball —
Shea. Time of same — 2:20. Umpire — Levy.
Portland it 002 0000000000 1 — 3
Base hitB...l 0020121001013 2— H
San Fran 10 0 0 0 0 0 10 0 0 0 0 0 0—2
Base hits. ..•-• 0 0 1 0 0 0 1 0 Q 0 0 1 0 1— 6
. SUMMARY. •
Totals 50 2 (5 43 24' " Totals C5 3 14 43 15
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
San Francisco — . U : Portland— -. - . .- -r
AB V R.H. P.A.I AB. R. H. P.A.
Shay. s. .($ V 1 4- Hi Blake, cf « 1- 1'3 0
Meany.rf 5 0 0 3 Oi V Brn.lb 6- 0 0 1T> 0
Irwin. 3b 5 0 0 1 8 Nade'u.lf 7 0 5 5 0
Leahy, c C 0 2 5 0 And'n,2b 5 0 0 5 C
Pabst.lb CO 0 24 0 FTnels.3b 7 1 2. 0 4
Krug.cf .G 0 2 4 'l Holl's'h.s « 110 2
Lynch.lf 0 1 1 3 0 HMVt.rf « O 3 5 1
Del f as,2b 5 0 0 1 4 Fhea, c 0 0 2 3 1
Ibenj, p 5 0 0 0 5 Butler.p. 6 0 0 11
¦•'. To the astonishment of every : fan .' in
the place, Rube said ',' out -" Then a yell
went ud and it seemed .the mob would
do harm to the wlelder'.of the "indicator
The storm filially died away- and the in
cident was forgotten in,the maze of other
startling things that happened. This de
cision lost the "game for.the home team
in that innine-
The home: team- scored once in the first
when Shay hit and Meany sacrificed.
Shay then stole third and; arrived on a
long fly ¦ by 'Irwln. The visitors went
them one better in the .fourth. With two
away, Francis drove the leather to cen
ter. Hollingsworth -was given a chance
on Shay's error. Hurlburt drove Francis
all the way to the plate with a double
to right. Irwln threw wild to Leahy, let
ting Holllngsworth in and giving Port
land one the best of it.
No more signs, of a run were seen till the
eighth. Lynch led off with a double down
the first base line. He advanced to third
on a fly to right field. As Iberg" was be
ing put out over the third and first route
Old Honesty ambled to the pan with the
run that created the deadlock and kept
the game 1 going for fifteen long innings.
"Blake, 'began the fifteenths for the
Brcwns with a smash clean to center.
Van Buren laid down a neat bunt, which'
advanced the runner to second. Then, as
the fans- were' preparing to settle them
selves fOF a Elege of a few. more Innings
Kadeaucame through with his fifth. hit
for the day. As the ball wenti on its
Course 'out to center Francis, sprinted afad
finally the plate a second before
Krug whipped the ball to Leahy and the
great game was won. »•--..¦••
The home team made a bid for honors
in their half of the fifteenth. With two
gone Krug hit" the ball' for two bases to
left field- and. stood waiting for some one
to bring him in and tie up the. score
once more.- Lynch was. not there; this
time,! and as. he went out to Anderson
the game \vas. over f6r, good. The score:
Rube Lew's. decision was about the
only thing in the long battle that did not
look good. " In (he thirteenth inning Krtig
singled and then made a dash' for sec
ond. As. he ran Lynch hit the ball. Hoi
lihgsworth fielded It in a twinkling and
threw to .Anderson In an attempt to ex
ecute a double play. The latter dropped
the ball in his haste and Krns reached
the bas. '" . --
real'* -.to descend upon ! Recreation : Park
yesterday- and -thus; force, fans, and play
ers to wahaet to. the fireside a run came
byer "the : paii; : * This run was - threatening
f(jr many- liiiiinks, : 'and when at •; last It
arrived' one of ih« greatest struggles ever
seen at the Eighth-street lot had reached
an end .and 'the Portland team had trl
umnhed over San Francisco in fifteen in
nings. Score, 3. to 2. . •
-A>\th*: shades :<rf" night —were r about
STANDING OF THE CLUBS.
(PACIFIC COAST. LEAGUE.)
W.' L. Pet I . W. L.. Pet.
Los Ang. ..81 '40' ' .639 'Portlind.^CB G4 .4(3
San Frao-.73-.G8 .BB«jiSeatUe......M.- tt> .4:10
3?Pi7un'to. U5 o;{ .OlolOakland ..55 83 .3«9
Nadeau Scores Winning
Run : With a Timely
Drive.
FIFTEEN ROUNDS
OF GREAT BALL
AFRICANDER THE CALIFORNIA -BRED COLT, WINS SARATOGA CUP
Defeats Henb in a Hard Drive in the Last Hundred Yard's
in World's Record Time-— Waterboy Beaten Off. v j
THE SAK FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, AUGUST 23, 1903.
34
ADVESTI3EMENTS.
THE WHITE STEAM TONNEAU
Wins Six Cnps-Makes a Sweep at Del Monte Races.
The "White" Steam Carriage has long been known as the most reliable
car on the market. It has won first honors in all endurance Contests The
races at Del Monte, as well asthe races at Los Angeles last May show that
this c* is as speedy as it is certain. These races were all won by stock
cars, and it is now conceded that the "White" has the speediest as well as
the most reliable stock car of the year. . Those who have never experienced
the silent, easy running of the speedy "White" do not know the possibili-
ties of automobihng. Among its advantages are light weight, speed, power
economy large radius of operation, compound engine, condenser, chainless
drive and self-draining burner. Don't forget that this is a steam machine
without a boiler, and it does not require'an engineer either to run it or to
care for it. Simplicity of operation is one of its strongest features Write
for descriptive literature, or call and see us.
WHITE SEWING MACHINE COMPANY
SAN FRANCISCO
WHITE GARAGE « Office and Salesrooms
corner form one n^ * 01
Franklin and Market Sts. .1), JuU-JOo POSl St
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Every season has its own diseases, but Rheuma- 'lJv\W V^^
tism belongs to all, for when it gets well intrenched aV\\\^^^ !I^^^^( oSE*
in the system, and joints and, muscles are saturated 'jMCCfr*-^^ .^T^dP^i *^^
with the poison, the aches and pains are coming and J^x$s^<Z' <^$*
going all the time, and it becomes an all-the-year- 3§5/| jff ?2&Mf/A)rf&\ \^^
round disease ; v an attack coming as quickly from sud- yr •^^JeT/vrfcMlPtt, \ V*
den chilling of the body when overheated, a fit of in- ft VJE
digestion or exposure to the damp. Easterly winds of >7\ \ 07M3ffl&N§r^\%f^
Summer as from the keen, cutting winds, freezing >lS^^^L^\0^^jn^*J^9^^'
atmosphere and bitter cold of Winter. <
Rheumatism never comes by accident. It is in '^^^^^^^^^ 00^^^^^ r
the blood and system before a pain is felt. Some ~ y '^' *^ ¦ '
inherit a strong predisposition or tendency ; it is born in them ; but whether heredity is
back of it or it comes from imprudent and careless ways of living, it is the same always
and at all seasons. The real cause of Rheumatism is a polluted, sour and acid condition
of the blood, and as it flows through the body deposits a gritty, irritating substance
oi sediment in the muscles, joints and nerves, and it is these that produce th.e terri-
ble pains, inflammation and swelling and the misery and torture of Rheumatism. \a No
other disease causes such pain, such wide-spread
suffering. It deforms and cripples its thousands, HIS WIFE A GREAT SUFFERER.
Jeaving them helpless invalids and nervous wrecks. My vife had been troubled vith Riottma*
. When neglected or improperly treated, Rheuma- 3£f *?«2rjFS£i l ££d < £? It-
tism becomes chronic, the pains are wandering or piet«iy. m she has not suffered stoce. I reo-
shif ting from one place to another, sometimes sharp on S£oiS£ Mis" * KOOd "^ j!°EJBExn>SB.
and cutting, again dull and aggravating. The mus-.
cles of the neck, shoulders and back, the joints of the knees, ankles and wrista, are
most often the seat of pain. Countless liniments and plasters are applied to get relief,
but such things do not reach the poisoned blood; their effect is only temporary; they are
neither curative nor preventive. The blood must be purified, and all irritating matter re-
moved from the circulation before permanent relief and a thorough cure is effected, and no
remedy 'does this so certainly and so quickly as S. S..S.. It contains not only purifying
and tonic properties, but solvent qualities as well, all these being necessary in eradicating the
poison and making a complete and lasting cure of Rheumatism. S. S. S. cleanses the
blood of all irritating matter and the acid particles are
§4^*"™**^ ri ** a^| dissolved and filtered out of the system, thus relieving
K a e nmscles and joints and removing all danger of future
\Z?^V attacks. Under its tonic effect the nervous system re-
jj^^7\ l^^^^X gains its normal tone and the appetite and digestion im-
W^J p^JI prove, resulting in the upbuilding of the general health.
T*<m'M** S. S. S. contains no Potash or minerals of any descrip-
r <-: ; tion, but is guaranteed purely vegetable. Old people
wiUfinditnotonly the best blood purifier, but a most invigorating tonic — just such a remedy
as they need to enrich the blood and quicken the circulation.
¦ .Whether you have Rheumatism in the acute or chronic stage, the treatment must be
internal, deep and thorough in order to be lasting. Never be satisfied with anything less
'than an absolutely perfect cure. This you can get by the use of S. S. S., the Oldest
and best purifisr and greatest of all tonics. }
; Write us fully, and freely about your case, anc* medical advice will be given without
charge, and our special book on Rheumatism will be mailed free to all desiring it.
THE SWIFT SPECIFIC COMPANY, ATLANTA, GA.
ADVEKTISEMENTS. • • Tr
£>/rjQMrjrs*- y Hn^i WO H 3ft K I V J I I mS^KuQQn Sfiui
I want your trade and will make special
efforts trt please you. . . • '' . , - : ¦ -
JOE H. ROSENBERG. 135 Stockton et.HENDERSON, Tex., Aug. 23.— Joe San
ders, a negro accused of having attempt
ed an assault on a young girl, was shot
to death by a posse of citizens.
SANTA' ROSA, Aug. 22.— William Black
man, a carriage painter, committed sui
cide to-day by cutting his throat with a
scissors blade. N<r cause ¦ is known for
the deed. . Blackman was . a native of
England and about 50" years of age.
Painter Commits Suicide.
William Stewart, the welterweight who
defeated Bonar Wilt at the San Francisco
Club on Friday night, has been matched
by "the Bay City ..Athletic Club to, fight
George Braun at its show on Wednesday
evening in Mechanics* Pavilion annex.
There are five other , bouts on the card
for the same evening, as follows: Liew
Powell vs. Paul Martin, Joe Fountain as.
T6m Sullivan. Charley Kelly vs. James
Malcolm, Al Elklns vs. Walter Walker,
Bill Platt vs. Joe .Thomas.
Bay City Athletic Club Bouts.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey —
Time and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE — The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street — Tiarf) about ia
! minutes later than at Fort Point: the height of
: tide Is the same at both places.
SUNDAY. AUGUST 23.
Sun rises 5:32
Sun sets .' 6:51
Moon sets .....7:57 p. m,
C Tlmel iTimeL Time ' Time
«• 1 Ft. J T Ft. Ft. Ft
? L W| |H Wl L W H W
5 5:271— O.5|12:17| 5.6 5:42 1.5 .....
H W] |L W H W L W
24 0:01 5.S| C:12— O.I 12:55 6.71 6:35 1.3
25 O:55| 5.5| 6:56 0.4 1:34 5.7| 7:30 1.1
?« 1 1:521 6.11 7:40| 1.0| 2:15| K6| 8.26 1.1
27 I 2:551 4.71 8:2ii) 1.61 3:011 5.5J 0:25 1.0
28)4:021 4.4| 9:171 2.1| 3:4S! 5.4(10:35 0.9
Ti 1 5:151 4.211O:15| 2.S] 4:42| 6.3111:44 0.8
NOTE — In the above exposition of the tides
the early roornlns tides are given In the left
hand column and the successive tides of ths
day" in the order of occurrence as to time: the
fourth time column gives the last tide of the
day, except when there are but three tides, as
occurs. The height: given are in
addition to the soundings of th.- United States
Coast Survey Charts, except when a minus ( — )
clgn precedes the heights, and then the number
given is subtracted from the depth given by
the charts. The .plar.e of reference Is the mean
Of the lower low waters.
Time Ball.
rrc: i Hydrographlc Office, U. S. N.. Mer-
Sun, Moon and Tide.
BROOKLYN. Aug. 22. — Brooklyn and Cin
cinnati each won a game to-day. Th* horns
club won ths first game and Cincinnati ths sec
ond. Garvln and Ewlng had a pitchers' bat
tle in the second and the tall Westerner cams
out on top. Attendance, 6500. The scores:
First gam«— B- H. E.
Brooklyn 7 11 8
Cincinnati 4 4 5
Batteries— Schmidt and Jacklitsch; Halm
and Peitx. Umpire— Moran.
Second game — , R. H. E.
Brooklyn \ J -J
Cincinnati - 4 B 1
-Batteries— Garvln and Rltter; Ewln* aad
Pelts. . Umpire — Moran.
NEW TORK Aug. 22.— Chicago took second
place from New York to-day, ths local team
dropping Into third position by losing the open-
Ing game of the series. Ths support given to
Miller was very loos» and the local fielders
were hissed repeatedly. Attendance. 18.721.
SCOfe: . R. H. E.
Chicago * J 5 \
New York 8 ' 3
' Batteries— Weimar and Kiln*: Miller and
Warner. Umpires— O*Day and Hurst.
3 PHILADELPHIA. Au». 22.— Plttsburg won
two games from Philadelphia to-day by supe
rior work with ths bat. Attendance, 8000.
Scores: _ _ • _
First game— «• «. E.
Plttsburg J }! •
Philadelphia '"""'' ',„ C Z
Batteries— Doheny and Phelps; Sparks and
Dooln. / _ _ _
Second game— «. H. **.
Pittsburg £; i t i
Philadelphia .» * * *
Batteries— PhilUppl and Smith; McFetrtdgs
and Roth. Umpire— Emslie.
BOSTON Aug 22.— St. Louis played wretch
ed ball to-day and practically gtyre Boston the
game Both teams hit equally hard, but Cur
rie's support gave Boston six runs. Attend
ance. 2500. Score: , r. H. E.
Boston 6 I i
St. Louis 1 T •
NATIONAL LEAGUE.
TO ARRIVE.
Steamer. ¦ From. | Due.
Iaqua Humboldt Aug. 23
Bonlta Newport St Way Ports. Aug. 23
G. W. Klder. . Portland & Astoria.... Aug. 'Zi
G. Llndauer. . Grays Harbor Au;j. 24
Titania Na:iaimo Aug. 24
S. Barbara . . . Sar. Pedro Aug. 24
Korea China & Japan Aug. 24
Del Norte Crescent City Aug. 24
Czarina . ... Coos Bay Aug. 24
Argo Eel River Ports Aug. 24
Pomona Humboldt Aug. 24
Arcata Coos Bay & Pt. Orford. Aug. 24
State of Cal.. San Diego & Way Pts. Aug. - 24
Silesia Seattle I Aug. 25
Eureka Humboldt Aug. 25
Californlan... New York Aug. 25
Queen Puget Sound Ports Aug: 25
San Pedro. . . Humboldt Aug. 20
Coronado San Pedro Aug. 26
Chehalis San Pedro ~ Aug. 2C
Coos Bay San Pedro & Way Port? Aug. 'M
Chlco .'... Coqullle River | Aug. -27
North Fork... Humboldt Aug. ' 27
Peru New York via Panama Aug. 27
Corona Humboldt .Aug. 27
Santa Rcea. . . San Diego & Way Pts. Aug. 27
Centralia San Pedro Aug. 23
Uoint Arena.. Mendoclno & Pt. Arena Aug. 2<j
Columbia...... Portland & Astoria Aug. 28
Luxor Hamburg & Way Pts. Aug. 28
Centennial... Seattle & Tacoma .... Aug. 29
City Puebla.. Puget Sound Ports.... Aug 30
Curacao Mexican Ports Aug. :«
S. Monica.... Grays Harbor ......... Aug. 31
Alameda Honolulu Sept. 1
Gaelic China & Japan Sept. 1
San Juan New York via Panama Sept. 2
TO BAIL.
Steamer. Destination. ISails. Pier.
Ansrnnt 2a. f~~ * .-;
F. Leggett. Portland Way Pts. 9 am Pier 10
Phoenix.... Mendocino direct... 1 pm Pier 13
Arctic Humboldt 10 am Pier 10
S. Rosa.... San Diego & Way. » am Pier m
Corona Humboldt l:30pPler 9
August 24.
S. Barbara. Seattle & Olympla 4 pm Pier 2
Nebra&kan. Honolulu & Kahului 3 pm Pier 20
Pt. Arena.. Point Arena 4 pm Pier 2
Umatilla... Puget Sound Ports. 11 am Pier &
AusruHt 25.
S. Portland Astoria & Portland 5 pm p;«r ..
Bonita. .... Newport Way Pts. 9 am Pier 19
Arcata Coos B.&Pt. Orford 12 m Pier 1"
Anfrnst 20. I
Iaqua..... • Humboldt .... f Pier 2
Coronado... Grays Harbor' .... 4 pm Pier 10
Chehalis... Grays Harbor .... 3 sm Pier 2
R. Dollar. . Portland direct ... 6 jTm Pier 2
Pomona.... Humboldt 1:30 p Pier 9
Argo. ...... Eel River Ports.... 4 pm Pier 2
G. W. Eldei Astoria & Portland 11 am Pier 24
A. Maru... China & Japan.... 1 pm Pier 40
Rival Willapa Harbor.... 4 pm Pier 2i
AuKiint 27.
Eureka.'.... Humboldt 0 am Pier 13
State of Cal San Diego & Way. 9 am Pier la
Newburg. . . Grays Harbor .... 4 pm Pier 10
Sierra Sydney & Way Pts 2 pm Pier 7
J. Dollar... Seattle & Tacoma. 10 am Pier a
Rairler Seattle & Whatcom 4 pm Pier 10
AuriiM 2S. \ ,
G. Llndauer Grays Harbor ....I 4 pm Pier 10
Centralia... Grays Harbor .... 4 pm Pier lo
Silesia Hamburg Way Pts 2 pm Pier 27
Ausriiat 20. | .
San Pedro. Humboldt ........ 110 am|Pier 2
Coos Bay... Newport & Way..) 9 am Pier 19
Acapulco... N. Y. via Panama. |12 m Pler4o
Queen . . Puget Sound Ports. 11 am Pier u
Auffust SO.
North Fork. Humboldt : 5 pm Pier 2
AugruRt 31.
Columbia... Astoria & Portlandlll am Pier 24
September 2. I I
Alliance.... Portland & Way ..[ 5 pmfPler 16
FROM SEATTLE. /
Steamer. ' For. I Sails.
Nome City... Cooks Inlet & Way Pts Aug. 25
Farallo/-. ..... Skagway & Way Pts:. Aug. 26
Dolphin...... Skagway & Way Ports Aug. 27
Cottage City. . Skagway & Way- Ports Aug. 27
City Topeka. . Skagway & Way Ports Aug. 2»
Senator. ...... Nome direct ....'...... Sept. 1
Eureka....;.. Nome direct .......... Sept. 1
Excelsior. .... Cook's Inlet & Way Pts Sept. 1
Roanoke Nome & St. Michael... Sept. 1
City Seattle.. Skagway & Way Ports Sept. 2
Ohio......... Nome & St. Michael.. Sept. 2
Four of the best players of the Cali
fornia Club will play on the San Rafael
courts to-day. Drummond MacGavin and
Grant Smith will play William Collier and
Frank Mitchell a doubles match. The
four will also meet in singles.
Near Buffalo Park, in Platte Canyon,
another cloudburst occurred and a wall
of water said to be ten feet high rushed
down the river. Two and a half miles of
track of the Colorado Southern Railway
was covered with debris, and some wash
outs occurred.
About 300 excursionists are stalled on
the other side of the track and cannot
i each Denver to-night. .
Long beat Wallace. 6-3:- Drolla beat Golcher,
6-4; Golcher beat Cogwlll two sets to one; Mc-
Afee beat Cogwill, -6-3. 7-5. 7-5; Dr. Noble
and B. Little beat W. S. Dole and Hans Lls
ser. 4-6, 7-5, 6-1; Dr. Noble beat Little. 6-3.
6-1. * '
At a meeting of the tournament commit
tee of the Golden Gate Park Ladies'. Club
it was decided to hold an open handicap
singles tournament for the Jackman cup*
next Saturday. The trophy is In the pos
session of Miss Edwards, who won the
last tournament. * : i ; ' . v . *. - .
DENVER, Aug. 22.— A cloudburst oc
curred over part of this city this after
noon, while other sections were only vis
ited by a light rain. Considerable dam
age was done by the rain, and in some
places the street car tracks were so cov
ered with sand that they had to be dug
out. The circus tent of Noryls & Rowe
fell during the heaviest part of the storm
and caused a small-sized panic. Most of
the audience had left the tent before it
fell and no one was hurt.
Denver Experiences Del
uge From Celestial
Reservoirs.
¦Insurance and Trust Company have rati
fied the action of the board of directors
by-unanimous vote -In increasing the stock
to $1,000,000. The new stock authorized
was all taken up by the stockholders.
Through the agency of G. H. Umbsen &
Co. the following leases have been ef
fected: . .
.Ground floor of the Douglass Grant building
on the east corner of Market. and Seventh
streets to ¦¦ the .Market-street Bank for. fifteen
years ; the four-story building I owned by John
F. Merrill' at 114' and 116 Kearny- street to
Armand Cailleau for ten years for $135,000;
the apartment-house on the northwest corner
of Larkln street and Fern avenue, owned by
'R. A. Vance, to Mrs. I. L. Smkh for five years
at the rate of $500 per montK.
The k Jacob Heyman Company has pur
chased j on 1 the west line of Sixth street,
near. . Bryant, two three-story buildings
and lot, 50x85 feet, for $18,000.
'At- auction next Tuesday Easton, Eld
ridge & Co. will offer the following prop
erties: .
'Lot 25x117. feet, on the east line of Buchan
an street, • 137:6 north of Union, with two
flats, renting for ?47 50 a month; lot 36 Mix
87 :6 feet, with a two-story building, on the
north Una of Clay street, 76:0 east of Powell
and on the corner of Parker alley; lot 23x100
feet on ' the s west ' side ' of . Broderlck street, 75
feet north ot Oak ; lot 27 :6xl37 :6 feet, on the
north side of Bush street/ ' 60 •¦¦: feet east or
Broderlck.: with two flats.; renting, for $47 50.
and a stable in the rear; northeast corner, of
Seventeenth « and Noe streets, having a front
age of,30feet and adepth of 91:6: two build
ing, lots 51:8x114 feet, with a cottage, on the
south line of Elisabeth street, 23(1:8 west of
Diamond : lot . 25x91 :6 feet; ¦ on • the northeast
corner of Seventeenth -and Prosper streets; lot
20x80 feet, "with -improvements, renting for
$42 50 a month, on the northwest side of Har
rison street." 185, feet northeast of Eighth, and
the -block in the Sunset district bounded by
Seventeenth and ¦ Eighteenth , avenues and "W
and X streets. ¦ 240x600 feet. .. - .
Drs. Hill and McChesney played a fast
singles with honors even. McChesney
won the first set. 6-4, and was beaten by
a similar score In the second.
Grant Smith played one-set matches
with Alexander Beyfuss and Harry Rolfe.
Both youngsters did well, Beyfuss playing
a tie, 5-5, and Rolfe losing, 7-5.
f W. B. ColMer won two sets from Sidney
Salisbury, but the latter made an excel
lent.; showing, 'ice following matches
were played:
i Glenn Cogwlll and Herbert Gould beat Brad
ley Wallace and Richard Buckley, 6-1. 8-6;
Grant Smith tied Alexander Beyfuss, &-», and
beat Harry Rolfe. 7-5: Alden Ames tied Miss
Wright. 6-3, 4-6: Robert Drolla beat A.
Whitehead. 6-4, 6-4. 6-4; Bert Golcher beat
Glenn Cogwill, 10-8: H. Gabriel beat Will
Volkmann. 6-1 : Harry McAfee beat«Volk
mann, 6-3; D. Boatswain beat Bradley Wallace.
6-2, 6-2; Dr. Mcfthesney tied Dr. Hill, 6-4, 4-6;
Sidney Salisbury and Harry Butler tied Harry
Rolfe and Frank Strlngham, tt-0, 7-5, 3-6. 3-6;
Herbert Long beat W. H. Averell. 6-3. 5-7.
6-2, 8-10, 6-1, and tied Sidney Smith, 6-2, 5-7;
The California Tennis Club courts were
crowded yesterday and many Interesting
matches were decided. The. cracks are
practicing hard at every opportunity for
the championship tournaments which
will commence a week hence.
The match that attracted the most at
tention was a doubles, In which Sidney
Salisbury and Harry Butler won the first
two sets from Frank Strlngham and
Harry- Rolfe, but lost the last two. But
ler and Salisbury depended almost entire
ly upon drives from the back court, while
Rolfe and Strlngham • were constantly at
the net.
Many -Interesting Matches Are
Played on the Courts of the
California Club.
Detroit 3 0 0
Washington 0 3 0
Batteries — Mullin and Buelow, Patten and
Kittredge.
CLEVELAND, O.. Aug. 22.' — Cleveland won
easily from Philadelphia, knocking Bender out
of the box in the third inning. Attendance.
12.655. Score:
Cleveland ..." 11 13 3
Philadelphia. 3 4 2
Batteries — Moore and Bemls; Bender. Henley
and Powers.
St. Louis 2 4 0
Boston ISO
Batteries— Pelly and Sugden; Dtneen and J.
Stahl.
DETROIT. Aug 22. — To-day's gam* was
played in a drizzling rain, but was remarkably
clean and fast. Washington could do nothing
with Mullln. two of its three hits being lucky.
Attendance. 474. Score:
R, H. E.
New York 0 13 3
Batteries — Owen and S lattery; J. Tannehlll
and Beville. .
ST. LOUIS, Aug. 22.— Pelly. St- Louis* n«w
pitcher, defeated Boston to-day in a close game.
2 to 1. Dlneen was ' hit for four safe drives.
two being triples. Attendance. 4100. Score:
V' R. II. S.
CHICAGO. Aug. 22.— Chicago had ths game
well in hand until the eighth inning, nhfn an
error, followed by a base on balls and a single.
allowed the visitors to tie the score. Each
side scored in the ninth and New York won out
in the eleventh. Attendance. 7800. Score:
R. H. E.
Chicago 6 11 :t
New Pitcher for St. Louis Defeats
Boston in a Close
Game.
AMERICA?* LEAGUE.
CHICAGO PI^AYS WELL,
BUT LOSES TO GOTHAM
TENNIS CRACKS PRACTICE /
FOR COMING TOURNAMENT
Movements of Steamers.
CLOUDS BURST
OVER THE CITY
Sailed Aug 22 — Stmr Mlnnetonka, for Lon
don; etmr Columbia,- f or Glasgow; stmr Vader
land. for Antwerp; etmr Campania, for Liv
erpool.
LONDON— Sailed Aug 22 — Stmr Mlnnehaha,
for New York.
LIVERPOOL — Sailed Aug 22 — Stmr Siberian,
for St John. N F, and Philadelphia; «tmr Lu
cania. for New York.
Arrived Aug 22 — Stmr Georgic. from New
York: Hmr Mayflower, from Boston.
ANTWERP— Sailed Aug 22— Stmr Zeeland.
for New York.
CHERBOURG— Balled Aug 22— Stmr Moltke.
for New York: stmr Philadelphia, from South
ampton, lor New York.
QUEENSTOWN — Arrived Aug 22— Stmr
Etruria, from New York, for Liverpool, and
proceeded. „
SCILLY — Passed Aug 22^ — Stmr Grosser Ker
furst, from New York, for Plymouth, Cher
bourg ajid Bremen.
SOUTHAMPTON — Balled Aug 22— Stmr
Philadelphia, for New York, via Cherbourg.
HAVRE— Sailed Aug 22— Stmr La Lorraine,
for New York.
ROTTERDAM — Arrived Aug 22— Stmr Staa
tendam. from New York, via Boulogne.
Sailed Aug 22— Stmr Potudam, for New York.
PLYMOUTH— Arrived Aug 22— fitmr Grosser
Kurturst, from. New York, for Bremen, and
proceeded. -^**
NEW TORK — Arrived Aug 22 — Stmr Um
bria, from Liverpool.
YOKOHAMA — Arrived Aug 21 — Br stmr
Arab, from Sourabaya. Prior to Aug 22— Br
etmr Indrasamha. from Oregon.
HONGKONG — Sailed Aug 22— Stmr City of
Peldng. for San Francisco.
SHANCHAI — Arrived prior to Aug 22 — Fr
stmr Ereiz Huel, from Singapore.
QUEENSTOWN — Arrived Aug 20 — Fr bark
Due d'Amaule. hence AdHI 11.
OCEAX STEAMERS.
EAST LONDON— Sailed Aug 6— Br bark
Pess of Brander, for Vancouver, via Newcas
tle. Aus. -
STDNET — Arrived prior to Aug 21 — Br stmr
Mlowera. from Vancouver.
FOREIGN PORTS.
HONOLULU— Sailed Aug 21— Ship George
Curtis, for San Francisco; stmr Nevadan, for
Kahulul.
MANILA— Sailed Aug 21— U S stmr Sher
man, for San Francisco.
ISLAND PORTS
EVERETT— Sailed Aug 22— Bktn Northwest,
for San Pedro; echr Taurus, for San Pedro;
Ger stmr Silesia, for Vancouver. B C.
SAN PEDRO — Arrived Aug 22— Stmr Cen
tralia. hence Aug 20. - \
Sailed Aug 22 — Stmr Samoa, for San Fran
cisco: stmr Alcazar, for San Francisco.
SAN DIEGO — Arrived Aug 22— Schr Com
peer, from Eureka.
EUREKA — Arrived Aug 22— Stmr San Pe
dro, hence Aug 21.
Sailed Aug 22 — Stmr Alliance, for Portland;
Etmr Iao.ua, for San Francisco.
Stmr Corcii&do. from Santa Barbara; Etmr Al
cazar, from San Pedro.
There has just been started on the isl
and of Santa Catallna, off Southern Cali
fornia, the first daily newspaper depend
ing: on wireless telegraphy for all its
news. The Avalon Wireless (Avalon is
the capital of the Island) publishes every
morning- the telegraphic news of the
world, which la sent across the channel
during: the night from the mainland In
stallation at San Pedro, thirty miles
away.
The time ball on . the Ferry building was
dropped exactly at noon to-day, i. e., at noon
of the 120th meridian. 'or at 8 p. m. Greenwich
time. J. C. BURNETT,
Lieutenant, U. S. N.. in Charge.
chants' Exchange, Saa Francisco. Cal.,
August 22. 1903.
If is Dosslble that the school child may
be quite as readily fatigued by inspiring
the waste products of his fallows as by
his own. and that the business man is
more liable than the agricultural laborer
to become run down, not so mucn/be-'
cause he works harder or more monoto
nously and therefore personally manu
factures more waste products, buu be
cause his tissues are more liable.tW-be
come saturated with the waste products
of himself and others derived from ,i the
confined atmosphere in which he works.
Excessive fatigue from a railway Journa
ls likely to be noticed if the cars are
crowded or ill ventilated.
Saturday, August 22.
fitmr National City, Johnson, 14 hours from
Fort Bragg.
Stmr Newsboy, Adler, 18 hours from Men
doclno. '
Stmr Arctic, Relners. 43 hour* from Re
dondo.
8tmr Rival. McClements, T2 hours from "WII
lapa Harbor.
Stmr Geo Loornls, Badger, 76 hours from
Seattle.
Etmr Newburg, Anflndsen, 70 hours from
Grays Harbor.
Stmr Jas Dollar. Thwlng, 77 hours from
Seattle.
Stmr Ruth. Re«d. # 4R hours from San Pedro.
CLEARED.
Saturday, August 22.
Stmr Corona, Johnson, Eureka; Pacific Coast
6t»>am6hip Co.
Stmr Krands H I^egett, Jahnsen, Astoria,
via Eureka; Hammond L. Co.
Stmr riaraccuta, Trask, Panama; Pacific
JMail Steami^ilp Co.
Schr W H Marston, Curtis, Honolulu; Welch
& Co.
. • SAILED.
Saturday, August 22.
« Stmr Xcrth Fork, Nelson. Kureka.
Funr Eureka, Jessen, Eureka. .
Stmr Navarro, Weber. Kishermana Bay.
, Stmr fcanta Monica, Olsen, Grays Harbor.
Mmr liaracouta. Trask, Panama, etc.
Ptmr Mineola. Kirkwood, Tacoma.
Htror Ukme. Gunderson. Grays Harbor.
Htmr South Coairt. Olsen. Caspar.
Ptmr Noyo. EJlefisen, Fort Bragg.
Tug I»r-nance, James. Eureka, with bark
Haydn Brown in tow.
<Jer ehip Christina, Krus«. Queenstown.
Bark Ilcydn Brown, Arplund, Eureka,
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOnos, Aug 22. 10 p in— Weather
el'-ar; wind W, velocity 12 miles per hour.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
SEATTLE— Arrived Aug 22— Stmr City of
I'uebla, hence Aug 19; etmr Tampico, from
Nome; stmr Nome City, from Valdez.
Sailed Auc 22— Stmr Queen., for San Fran
fieco; Jap Ftmr Kaga Mara, for Hongkong.
Aug 21— Stmr IHrijo. for Skagway.
TATOO^H—I'assed out Aug 22— Bark Car
rollton. for HetbOBrnc; Nor etmr Titania. from
fCanalmo, for San Francisco; Nor stmr Tellus,
for Kan Fran'.-i.«<xj.
Pat^d in Au 2 22— Stmr CentenSia!. hence
*yg J'.t. lor S-f-.ttl»>.
ALBION- An-ivt-d Aug 21 — Stmr Celia. hence
Aug 20.
RElJONIiO-— FaUcd Aug 22— «tmr Sequoia.
for fan Fran<Mnco
PORT TOW.NSEND— Arrived Aug 22— Bark
5er\-i&. hrnc*- A\>£ 2.
Kailwl Aug 22— Ship Great Admiral, from
facoma. for South Africa
GRAYS HARUOR— Arrived Aug 21— Brig
L.url!ne. nenc-e Auc K
rrjHT BRAGG— Arrived Aug 22 Stmr
Brooklyn, hence Auc 21.
TACOMA— A rrivei Aug 22— Fr ship Made
'.eine, from Antwerp.
Sailed Aug 22— Uktn John Smith, for San
i ranoisr-o.
ASTORIA— SaI5rd Aug 22— BktB Katie
'"lUkinger, for Fan I'edro
COOS BAY— Railed Aug -2— Stmr Czarina,
.or San Francisco.
BANDOX— Arrived Aug 22— Schr Albion,
•'nre Aug 2.
BOWENS LANDING— Sailed Aug 22— Stmr
tcotla, for Fanta Barbara.
POIiT LOT aUSGELES— Arrived Aug 22—
•
Shipping Intelligence.
ARnrvED.
The steamer Earracouta saUed yesterday for
Vanair.a and way t*>rts with an assorted raer
ti.andis* cargo, varied at $104,600 and distrib
uted as Allows: For Mexico. *lt>,322; Central
America. $19,223; Colombia, f2fc3O; New York.
?T0,C*3: Ecuador. ?lu:H>; Jamaica, $1O3: Havre.
France, ?2<«'; Barbados Island. $100. The
leading exerts were as follows:
To Mexicui-200 flasks quicksilver. 10,323 ft
lumber, 2«j'j» ft hardwood. 20 pkgs car mate
rial. 12 c* nails, 5 bdls iron. 13 pkgs ship chan
dlery, lu.pkps machinery. 176 lbs starch. 1O2O
lbs/r;ce. 4 cs canned goods.
To Cer.trai America — 1904 bbls flour, C5 pkgs
**>tatoes, 68 pkgs fresh fruits, & pkgs onions,
8S pkgs groceries and provisions, 446 lbs rai-
Fins, 1207 lbs Fpices. b pkgs parte. 1795 lbs 1 cs
bread. 4 c* salmon. 53 cs canned good?. SSO
11* codf.Fh. 2.VH gals 34 cs wine. 20 cs mineral
water. T.5 gal* .43 cs whirtcy. 2S gals brandy.
2 pkes beer. 4S75 lbs tallow, 8296 ft lumber.
«B pkgs paint* and oils. 20 cs fuse, 9 sks coal,
22 tk? coke, 1&4 c* oil oil, 11 pkgs dry goc-ds.
£1 bales bag«, 1 cs firearms, 14 pkgs machin
ery. 15 pkgs nails. 3 pkgs railroad material,
1 bale leather, 1 foil rope.
To Colombia — 2<jO bbls flour, 1400 gals wine,
372* Tbs sugar. 27 crt? garlic. 225 crts potatoes.
225 crts onior.E, lfi pkgs fresh fruit. 2S.0O0 ft
lumber, 5 pkgs drugs, r. rUgs acids, 26 cs
car.ned goods. 275 lbs epices.
To New York — G7.404 cals wine. 57 gals
brandy. 11,700 lbf= dry hides. 145 bals Junk,
111.3M7 lbs wool. 134 «=ks herns, 4700 Ibs rice,
3700 pigs lesd, 301 .930 lb# asphaltum.
To Ecuador — 150 bbls flour, 70 coils rope.
To'.Tamaica— 14 cs canned fruit and 14 cs
canned salmon.
To Havre. Franc* — 22 sk« cattle horns.
In addition to the merchandise cargo the
«psmw carried a treasure list, consisting of
f 1500 in cold co!n ?¦""" Champerico and $50 la
gold cola for Mexico.
Exports by the Panama Steamer.
A Car^o for Honolulu
The schooner W. H. Marston wa* cleared
y-sterday for Honolulu with an assorted mer
chandise cargo, valued at $26,426. and includ
ing the following: TW bbls flour, 2533 Ral»
vinegar. 2»W keg* white lead, 2>i ikga grocer
ies'. 35O pkzs »osd. 110 bdls pipe, 35 pkff»
joints and oils:. 29^3 balea hay, 4745 ctls bar
ii-y. 1*15 lbs bran, 2535 ibs middlings, 557 ctls
oats. 2MJ2 lbs tobacco, 5 j>kgs rciljji-ork, 2 cs
wtne, SOitO ibs lard. 62 ctls corn, Slt45 lbs co
coanut meal, 5 pkgs machinery. 26.7DO lbs eu
par. 446 CO* wh<"iit. 75 hbls salmon. 8405 lbs
Iwiiiftf. 25 cs matches, 14,fc27 lbs bread.
The American ship Dirigo (at Honolulu) was
chartered prior to arrival for sugar, thence to
New York at '$.'> «S.
The barkrntine S. G. Wilder returned to
Honolulu with general cargo.
Matters of Interest to Mariners and
.Shipping Herchants.
The rate of rflnsuranoe en the Aristldes ¦was
advanced yesterday to S5 per cent. She Is
now out fii days from Caleta Buena. for this
l*>rl. The MJltcn Park Js quoted at en) per cent
and the Helen Brewer at !K) per cent.
«
NETTS OF THE OCEAN
Reinsurance Bates.
Since last year 6,000,000 acres of new
land ha re been plowed up in the South
west .\rd this year Is producing Its first
crops. These crops are not large, by any
m#c*ns, but serve to increase the 'profits.
Last year we raised 2,500,000,000 bushels
of corn and 600,000,000 bushels of wheat
and nearly 1,000,000,000 bushels of oats.
The earnings on the farms of this coun
try last year were $5,200,000,000. Of this
sum $<O0,OO0,OOO was paid out to the work
ers of the fleld. Several million men and
women went Into the harvest and worked
three months gathering in the cereals.
It Is a more gigantic task than any other
single industry presents— that of harvest
ing the grain.— New York Commercial.
"What will the harvest show? What
was It last year? The actual profits of
the fanners In 1902 were in the neighbor
hood of $2,000,000. Not so' bad for^5,000.000
farmers, one would 'say — a trifle of £4tX>
each, writes a correspondent 'of the St.
Louis Globe Democrat, from the Western
wheat fields. How many professional men,
or even storekeepers, can say as much.
Mind you, that Is dear, profit, above all
expenses.
This Year's Wheat Harvest.
A curious example of the discoveries
which even at this time of day await the
antiquary In our old churches Is reported
to us. In the belfry of the little v51ia»T5
church ol Heckfleld, about nine mileo oot
of Baslngstoke, there has b^en found an
old chest which Is undoubtedly one o' the
thirteenth oer.tury crusader's almschests
wtiich Pope Innocent III— tha Pope who
laid England ur.der the Interact and de
posed King John— ordered to be set in
every church In the Catholic world to re
ceive contributions for poor Knights who
went to the Holy Land to fight In the
crusades. This order was Issued A- D.
1399. These chests were to have three
locks. The keys were to be kept respec
tively by the Bishop, the parson and a
chosen layman, and the funds adminis
tered by the Knights Hospitallers and the
Knights Templars. On the lid of the chest
found at Heckfleld there is a slit for the
reception of coins. It has evident traces
of three locks, two being hasps with pad
locks and the other an ordinary lock. The
matrix of the middle lock is in the shape
of a crusader's swordY The dimensions of
the chest are: Height, including the legs,
H Inches; length, 3 feet lhi Inches; width.
17^4 Inches; depth of well, 11 Inches. There
Is a narrow Inner receptacle extending
over the width of the chest with a lid.
and the hinges are of wood. The chest
for many years has been used for storing
worn out service books and the old par
ish pall.— London Daily News.
An Interesting Find.
Only four vesstis catered the Golden Gat»
j ceterfiaj-. They wer* all lumber schooners
end cne of them, frosi the south, came in bal
last. Tne Na.tic.nal City, Newsboy and IUvaJ.
lrom coart lymljer ports, brought altogether
Kd.000 feet of lumber. The Arctic Xroin He
o r.c_- carse vz> In b-Uaft
Few Vessels Enter Haibor.
Fr?d Martla. who lrv«a at 1 GoadeH plaec.
fell Coirs the hold of ths stee,m* v .ti> StMtx
Jwoca j-erterdax and sustained aumeroos and
perlous Injuries. He vu takrn to the Harbor
. ii-»; :u -'. Amos? other damage he sustained
a aevera !ajceration of vh« forehead, a. fitctJire
d th' left knee i'.i a broken thtc&.
Falls Dorm Steamship's Sold.
The work on t-.e Marconi st&Uon on tb*
Faxallones has b»»r. finished and yesterday th»
men tiiat have brer, enraced In it* coastruo
Uot» »-«r« brouc^t to lfae mainland Is Peter
son'* launch BstSX. TU» etatlca w*a mct*&
tor the Government and will b* trsed by th«
Weather Bureau in coanwtion with a timlV«f
structtira to be built at Point Rey«&.
Marconi Station Finished.
Miss S. J. Freeman. Mlf* C I. Milton. TK l»
11am Sadler 2 S. Oliutte. William Downlnc.
P. Sv«--««and P. J. Btmes. G«*«rge Schmidt,
A. Weunfii and thr«-» ron*. Mr».A. Weimar.
Miss E Weimar. Mrs. William Whit« and In
fant. Carlos SI Areda, Joseph Wade, 11. E.
Christmas. D. G. Freebom, V. H. Pierce, A.
Tarrlba. E. Schcenttfid, wife and thre* chU
drea; Ml*s E. S*Ji<2benr.
The steamship Earracouta sailed yes*
tcrday for Panama and way ports with
all the cargo the ingenuity of experienced
etevedores could contrive to stow below
her decks. The Barracouta Is a small ves
sel, but she sailrd yesterday with 2400
tons of freight. This Included 2000 barrels
of California wine for the New York
market, 200 tons of lead and 700 tons of
flour. In addition to this the Barracouta
carried S00 barrels of asphaUum. Sh«
took the following passengers-:
FORECLOSURE SALE. v
Baldwin & Howell have disposed at
foreclosure., sale v of i 400 acres, twenty,
blocks ~ or parts of ~ blocks,- on Stanford
Heights, Twin Peaks ; and; In the Sunny
side district for Wells, Fargo & Co. Land
on Twin Peaks sold for $400 per acre. The
total sales '» in - the localities mentioned
amounted to} ?150,250.'; • , .
"The stockholders of the California Title
M.Slminoff will erect on the southwest
corner of Market- and Church streets five
stores and eleven fiats, three of the stores
facing on Market \ street and ' two fronting
on Church street.^ ." ~? ¦ ' , r , ;
Coffey, Hughes «p Co. h,ave dissolved
partnership. C. V. Hughes will ca^rry on
the business under the firm name of C.
V.: Hughes & Co.
J. W. Corcoran has bought the Sydney
V. Smith property, in San Rafael. .
C. A. Anderson will, build a three-story
and basement structure to contain , flats
on the northwest corner of Chestnut and
Leavenworth streets. ; .
The estate of Mrs. Lizzie T. Shute' has
sold to I Lucia M. Lane and Virginia W.
Smiley - the property on the east line of
Hyde street, 87 feet south from Clay
street, for $15,500.
The three-rail electrio road to Mill Val
ley is now in successful operation. Along
the entire length of the line a fence has
been erected on both sides to prevent in
gress to the right of way.*' At all stations
platforms. have been built which lap over
the charged rails. . The time consumed in
the trip from the ; city ; has , been" reduced.
The new road and the large sum that the
Town Trustees 'will . expend on the roads
and sewers have attracted many home,
seekers and investors: In the Sunnyside
tract, of which Lyon & Hoag, are agents,
upward \ of . ninety lots have been sold
since spring, some of which have been
resold at advanced prices. ' :
Edgar G. Vlnzent has returned: from
his vacation. ¦ ' ¦ . ¦ ' ¦¦--!:
Lot 25x100 on the south line of H street, 32 :«
feet west of Forty-seventh avenue, to Rlchaid
Barker Jr. for $1000; 60x120 on the west line
of Forty-eighth avenue, '162:0 feet north of M
street, to C. Wilson for $1000; 50x120 on the
west line of Forty-sixth avenue, 150 feet -south
of H street, to J. R. Hartley for $1600: 50x
100 on the south line of H street. 57:6 feet
east of Forty-eighth avenue, to M. E. Perlet
for $2000; 25x120 on the east line ojt Seven
teenth avenue. 150 feet north of I street, to
I. A. Rogers for $800. : .= ;-
Easton t Eldridge & Co. report that the
inquiry for real estate has been excep
tionally good, considering the. unsettled
condition of affairs incident to the Inter
ruption caused by the G. A. R. Encamp
ment. Smaller parcels of land In the
outside districts have suffered, but the
inquiries on large properties down town
has come up to the standard. This con
cern has sold the lot and Improvements
on the east line of Middle street. 112:6
feet north of Pine, 50x89 feet; the north
east corner of McAllister and Octavia
streets, with -three dwellings, lot 60x100
feet, for $20,000; also several lots on Minna
street, northeast of Fourth, to H. Suhr:
on the westerly line of Mission street, 63
feet south of Twenty-fifth, lot 40x115 feet,
for $5150: west line of Alice* street, Nos. 5
and 7, off Folsom. for $4000; northerly
line of Twenty-fourth street, 55 feet east
of Diamond, for $2800;, northeast corner
of Sanchez and Twenty-eighth streets, lot
89x160 feet, for $4000; also lot 3, block 8,
Clarendon Heights, price $3jO.
Sol Getz & Son report sales of Ocean
side lots during the past week as follows:
INaUIRY IS STRONG.
During the week' A. J.* -.Rich & Co. sold
to A. Lachman, the wholesale wine mer
chant, the handsomo residence of Mr. Po
helm on the northwest corner of Wash
ington and Locust streets. The house is
a new structure of colonial architecture,
having a stone foundation and wall up
to the first floor. The interior is most
modern In every way. There is adjoining
the house to the north a stone automobile
house, fully fitted 'with electrical attach
ments for charging said machines. The
lot Is 47:6x127:8% feet on the slope of Lo
cust street, giving a view from the house
of the bay and surroundings without any
obstructions.
A. J. Rich & Co. have also sold for
Mrs. Anna #Dunphy to a client of the
office the property on the north line of
Sutter street, east from Leavenworth, 25
feet front by GS:9 feet in depth, for a lit
tle more than $15,000; for Mr. Toelken to
a client of the office the property on the
southwest Corner of Harrison street and
Oak Grove f avenue, 56 feet front by 100
feet In uepth, fully improved and paying
$1700 per year, for $14,000; for, the Hum
boldt Bank to J. D. Hannah, the four
story brick building on the south side
of Commercial street, 48 feet west from
Kearny, 20 feet front by 68:6 feet in depth,
for $7750; also the northwest corner of
Hyde and Allen streets, 30x60, for Mr.;
Bethowsky to Mr. Stuparich for $3000.
Minor properties sold by Raymond,
Armstrong & Co. are as follows:
C. H. Bell and A. Bannan to li J. Cowjill.
lot on south line of Washington street, 50 feet
west from Maple, 57:8x127 feet, for $8000; at
College Helchte two lots to O. Scrlbner for
$3700; to C. M. Sawyer, lot for $1500; to M.
J. Bodwell, lot for $1000: to M. A. Paul. lot
fcr $1275. Raymond. Armstrong: & Co. have
sold at Ross Valley Park almost all the lots
In the first subdivision and they arc going: to
open up another tract of sixty acres, which
will be sold In acreage, in villa lots) etc.
:,The following sales'are reported by G.
H. Umbsen & Co.:
By E. M. Stehn to Mrs. A. Castelle. lot on
northwest corner of Hayes and Lajruna streets,
120x80 feet, with stores, flats and dwellings.
for ?30,750; for Mrs. A. L,. Vlllegla, lot and
improvements at 1424 to 1432 Turk street, lot
100x137:0 for $15,000; from A. McKay to D.
J. Mercer, lot 27:0x137:6, and three flats at
1111 Golden Gate avenue, for $14,000; from
J. J. Lermer to B. Fau, lot 25x120 feet, with
Btore and three flats,, at 445 and 447 Hayes
street and 344 and 346 Linden avenue, for
$12,500; from H. E. Ibera to 1 D. Oputz, the
northeast corner of Twentieth and Eureka
streets. 25x100 feet, for $12,000; from P. Lynch
to John Sroufe. southwest corner Of Devisadero
and Grove streets, 35x100 feet, for J7000; from
the D. N. Hawley estate to J. H. Boyson, lot
35x80 feet and two-story dwelling on the north
east corner of Twentieth street and Lexington
avenue, for $0500.
With so much going on in connection
with the National Encampment of the
Grand Army of the Republic the last
week was less devoted to business than to
.entertainment' andthe* effect of holidays
and the general Interruption of the course
of affairs affected the realty market^
Nevertheless the deals that are reported
show, good returns. Prices hold firm. ,.,
•Harvey H. : Dana paid $137,000 . for t*e
southeast corner of Stockton street and
Union square avenue, 44x70 feet. The
price for the property on the south line
of "Geary street. 27:6 feet east from
Powell, which was purchased by John
Rosenfeld> Sons, was $173,750. ; ; .
Raymond, ¦ Armstrong & Co. j have sold
the 'property" on the south line of Ellis
street, 38:6 feet west from Glasgow, with
improvements, to v Jose Costa for $75,000.
This adjoins the Press Club building.
The same brokers have sold'for William
Edwards and L.. A. Stelgert to Klise A.
Drexler the north corner of Minna and
New/Montgomery streets, 53x59:6x80 feet,
with" ¦seven-story building, . for $152,000;
also. for, Cerf and Hattie Weyl to Curtis
Hillye'r property' on , the south line . of
Sutter street,- 10S feet east from Van Ness
avenue, eS:9xl20i feet, for $45,000.
SELLING RESIDENCES.
A number of men In the employ of the
Santa Fe near Cadiz have drawn their
time, being unable to stand the heat.
Two are prostrated.
Coroner Pittman himself had an experi
ence with the heat. He did not take a
coffin to the desert with him and there
fore he and the other men wero com
pelled to construct a rude casket in the
broad glare of the desert sun. Then they
carried the remains over the burning
sands for a quarter of a mile and in
terred them.
The Coroner found that Rlvas died
from congestion of the brain produced
by the awful heat. :\
SAN BERNARDINO, Aug. 22.— Coroner
Plttman returned this morning from
Cadiz, on the desert, where he went j to
hold an inquest on the remains of George
Rlvas, who had died suddenly* • Rivas
was a Santa Fe section laborer and was
a victim of the terrific heat which just
now prevails on the desert.. He "was at
work with another man under a boss
when he began to feel faint from .the
heat. The thermometer on a passing
freight train registered 116 degrees In the
shade and the boss thought lt.was^Ume
to pull out for the section house., t On'
the way Rivas began to stagger and ha
was placed on a handcar, A few minutes
later he was dead. ,. .;¦'•
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Relying on Inspired newspaper reports
to th« effect that the search had been
given up, he came out of his hiding place
and was captured by Deputy Sheriff Juan
Padllla of Apache County, who had fol
lowed Grieso from St. Johns through the
Blue River country and into Clifton,
where he believed Grlego to be in hiding.
His supposition proved correct, for as he
was riding down the main street of Clif
ton with two rangers, neither of whom
knew Griego, Padilla caujjht sitfht of his
men. signed to his comrades that the man
entering the saloon was Grlego, and be
fore he could resist tht> fugitive from Jus
tice was covered with three rifles and
forced to surrender, A sir shooter was
found In his possession, and other things
which positively Identify him as the man
-who Is wanted. Grleco will bo taken to
"Williams for trial by the Sheriff »f Cocoa
ino County.
TUCSOX. Ariz.. Aug. 22.— Pablo Grlego,
who Is wanted at Williams, Ariz., for
wife murder, was captured yesterday on
the main street of Clifton Just as he was
entering a gambling hall. The crime with
which he is charged was committed on
July 16, and since that time he has led
th« officers of three counties a hard chase.
Special Dispatch to Tlw Call.
Leads the v Officers a" Lively
Ohase Before Being
Captured.
Several Other Laborers Em
ployed Near Cadiz Are
Pi 03; rated •
Prospecrs Are Bright and
Owners Demand Orig
: inal Figures.
Takes 2400 Tons of Freight*
Which Includes 700
Tons of Flour.
Barracouta Leaves for
Panama Heavily
Laden-
Santa Pe Section H^nd
Dies Prc m Exposure
to Sun's Rays.
Pablo Griego Is Caught
on the Main Street
of Clifton.
Despite the Lull Good
Prices Mark Week's,
Deals.
CURRIES A BIG
CARGO OF WINE
TERRIFIC HEAT
ON THE DESERT
WIFE MURDERER
IS NOW IN JAIL
HOLIDAYS CHECK
SALES OF LOTS
THE ? AN FRANCISCO CALL, :. SUNDAY, AUGUST .23, 1903.
RIO DE JANEIRO. Ausr. 22.— The French
bark Bonchamps, Captain Hallvllle. from
Shields, etc., for San Francisco, has arrived
here, with hatches stove. . , . . i . .
Negro Shot to Death.
35
- __¦ ¦ ,; - ' ¦ '_.,_,.^_ x--' Jj :-¦- -_, :- ADVEBTISEMEHTS. ¦
Give me a man broken down from excessey, dissipation, hard work, or worry, from any cause, which has
sapped his vitality. Let him follow my advice (or three mouths and I will make him as vigorous in every respect
at any nun of his age. , )
I will not promise to make a Hercules .of a man who was never intended by nature to be strong and
sturdy. Even that man I can make better than he is; but the man who has been strong and has lost his strength
I can make as good as he ever was. I can give back to any man what he has lost by abuse of the laws of nature.
A man who is nervous, whose brain and body are weak, who sleeps badly, awakes more tired than when
he went to bed, who is easily discouraged, inclined to brood over imaginary troubles, who has lost ambition and
energy to tackle hard problems, lacks the animal electricity which the Dr. McLaughlin Electric Belt supplies.
The whole force of vitality in your body is dependent upon your animal electricity. When you' lose in any
manner my Belt will replace it, and cure you. - ?'„-¦*. * • •
-/-'¦. . 787 Q9Mtr*xo lt,8u JrraaetBco. C%X.
SB. VoKAUOX&XBT — Dmi Sir i X avffcred fox scTcxal years ftma tamtaro sad f«a«rml teeksn Aowafnliaf. Xa
this condition it waa terd to naks my rsa aa enrtator on tha B. 9. — tlrial. After oslaf y cux tottt for two mo&t&s
tt «ntiT«Jy otuwsI my allmnxts, oad fr* haA ao wttira of is* fata sima*. X t »«1 fa» bttttr iian X aav for yon, an 4
shall always rwomamf yonx B«l% t ex It r«otcrtd m» t» neala. Tours truly , 9. J. BOCXWBU.
Letters like that tell a story which means a great deal to a sufferer. They are a beacon light to the man who
has become discouraged from useless doctoring. I get such letters every day.
My belt has a wonderful influence upon fired, weak nerves. It braces and invigorates them, and s£irs up a
great- force of energy in a man.
I make the best electrical body appliance in the world, having devoted twenty yean to perfecting it. I know
my trade. My cures after everything else has failed a're my best arguments.
* ' KASSOm, Or#*o*u
SB. M. O. ICoX*a.T7CtXCUXr — X)»xr Sir: la reply to your last letter X wUZ say that X wore y««r Belt for SO days
toad in that tin* It entirely ooxtd m* of lass book aad a«rroiua«*s. X f*«l perfectly w«U m#w, Wttcrtkaa X U*t«
for SO y*ars, for wU*b X Suits your Bstt to taaak Tours vsvy traly, A. BSXSOV.
Give me a man with pains in his back, a dull ache in his muscles or joints, "come and go" pains in his
shoulders, chest and side, Sciatica in his hip, Lumbago, Rheumatism or any ache or pain, and my Belt will pour
the oil of life into his aching body and drive out every sign of pain. No pain can exist where my BeU is worn.
. BZSTOOr, OaL
SB. X. O. lCoX.AUaBXXSr — 3>»s Slri X h*v« only wora th« Belt for six w««ks aad it kaa don* fla* In ra.7 cmi.
Xtrsry »Xgn of pata aad wsakacss kas l«ft my l«ar aad X mm. as w»U as ersr. X was tult« lxmm wkau X first wrot*
you, Vat am all ovsr tbat asir. Tours gTatsfulJy, T. H. IXAOXiSXS.
They come every day from everywhere. There is not a town or hamlet in the country which has
not cures by Dr. McLaughlin's Electric Belt. - ""' •
Now, what does this mean to you, dear reader? If you are not what you ought to be, can you ask any bet-
ter proof to make you try it? Is there a remedy which is as simple, as easy to use, as sure to cure, and as cheap
as Dr. McLaughlin's Electric Belt? I have not seen one. You must try it. In justice to yourself and to those
who look to you for their future happiness, try it now". Act this minute. Such a matter ought not be delayed.
. It's as good for women as for men. Worn while you sleep, it causes no trouble. You feel the gentle,
glowing heat from it constantly, but no sting, no burning, as old-style belts.
Call to-day, or send for my beautiful book, full of the things a man likes to read if he wants to be a 1 strong
men. I send it sealed, free. Cut out this ad. ., ¦ >'¦> •
*• NEVER SOLD IN DRUG STORES OR BY AGENTS.
DR. M, 1 McLAUGHLIN, 906 Market St., ahoveElIis, San Francisco
Office Hours— 8 a. m. to S p. m. Sundays, 10 to 1. Seattle Office, 105 Columbia st., Los Angeles. 139 South Spring «t.Souvenirs of California.
We are headquarters for souvenir postal
cards, view books, maps, orange and red
wood panels and kelp novelties, etc. San
born, Vail & Co., 741 Market street. •
Grace Williams, the girl who married
Chan On, a Chinese, has carried her point
and yesterday in Judge' 'Lawlor's court,
with the' consent of her mother, she was
allowed to return to her husband. The
matter was taken before the Judge about
three months ago on; an application by
the cirl's mother to have her sent to
some public institution with a view, td
having the marriage annulled. She was
sent to the House of Correction and was
twice called Into court to see if she would
give up Chan On and live with her moth
er, but she was obdurate, and yesterday
the mother acknowledged herself beaten
and the Judge dismissed the application.
Returns to Chinese Husband.
Las^ Monday evening a tire broke out In
the basement of the store of Strauss & Froh
man, 101 Post street. The Fire Department
responded with their usual promptness, and
the result was that the damage was confined
chiefly to smoke. . After a week's delay, dur
ing which all business has' been suspended and
the store has been closed, a satisfactory ad
justment h*» been made with Insurance com
panies concerned, and to-morrow morning at
9 o clock the store will be. open for business.
At this time they will inaugurate a Fire Sale
in order to dispose of the $150,000 stock that
wa» damaged. They will also reduce prices on
everything in the store to make the sale still,
mere attractive. The fact 'that the stocE' is
almost new, having just arrived for Fall trade,
makes this sale an event of more ! than ordi
nai-y Interest to San Francisco ladles.
Fire on Post Street.
Mrs. Uttman of Denver is visiting her
mother, Mrs. Lauter. at £2 Turk street.
Mrs. Elvira E. Gladwln. a delegate from
Massachusetts to the national convention
of the G. A. R. and W. R. C, is In tho
city for a brief stay.
Mr. and Mrs. M. Mendelion of Capis
trano. Orange County, are on a visit .to
San Francisco. At present they aro at
The Radston. 278 Turk 3treet.
Mrs. R. Wolff and daughter. Miss Eva
Wolff! will spend two weeks In Sonoma.
• • • «
Miss Ida Olwa has returned from a
month's vacation at Cloverdale.
Mr. and Mrs. Charlea A. Durfee an.l
daughter Leonor G. Durfee. left on Tur.»
day, the ISth. for the East. They fxp*t:
to be gone about three months and will
return home by way of the Northwest
and visit at Spokane. Wash.
Miss Sadie Lapidaire of 1001 McAllister
street has returned after an extended trip
to the various springs In Northern Cali
fornia.
'¦'. • i • *
Mr. and Mrs. Thomas F. Harney ami
their daughter Claire have been the guests
of Mrs. Sarah Harney at her summ-r
home In San Leandro during the pa*t
month. They are being extensively en
tertained. They will return to their tome
in this city about September 1.
Miss Aphia L. Dimick of Portland If' a
guest at 1490 Sacramento street. Miss
Dimick is one of the leading educators of
Oregon and will visit many of our city
schools.
K. Mes?ager left for New York Tuesday
morning on a business trip.
Mr. and Mra. Arthur Flckenscher l-.av#
returned from a delightful trip through
the high Sierras.
Mrs. Mary E. Collins and daughter.
Miss Annette Collins, have Rone to Sls
»on for three weeks. ¦ -»w
Miss Florence Lussey has returned to
the city after spending the summer at
Ross.
Judge Tobln'and his nieces, the Misses
Glynn. and Mrs. O'Brien are regriaterwl
at Hotel Vendome, San Jose. T ney Intend
returning to San Francisco this week.
PERSONALS.
Hessey, j. s. Fluent, E. , D. Perry and wife,
Mrs. J. A. Blackburn. Mrs. T. Beck, Mrs. D.
C. Magruder, Mrs. Lulu Averett. Bessie Aver
ett, N. A. Uven and wife, E. M. Silvey, C. W.
Waldron, F. W. Lucas, Charles B. Younger
and wife. J. W. Llnecott, August C. Hlhn.'
P. G. Williams, A. A. Taylor, S. P. Freeman.
Mrs. Hbule, W. S. Heger, J. F. Bender, Miss
M. E. Kenney. Katherine A. Cope, T. M. Lan
drum, H. W. Tracy. H. G. Taylor, E. F. Fra
zer. F. T. Boynton, R. V. Withrow, Thomas
J. Davis, H. C. Brown, A. F. Banaett. Henry
w. Lynch, J. Berg, H. Bercovich, Percy
Stout, Mra. L. A. Osgood. Harry Osgood, T. E.
Trafton, Miss Neeb, E. W. Hihn, Ralph Lowe,
W. H. Lowe, H. C. Blcknell, Miea Hallctt,
Miss Collins, Miss Zumwalt, J. O. Simms,
H. E. Find and wife, D. W. Johnston F T
Cashman. W. B, Crow. C. H. Baker, Miss Ha
gan. Arthur E. Horlock and wife. S. T. Corum,
J. W. Riddle and wife, George P. Beverldge,
Hector Beverldge, H. V. F. Turner. Robert
C. Herschback. Thomas Hershback, Mrs. C A.
White Miss McGovern, Evelyn White R. E.
R.adcliff and wife, Calvert Wilson and wife.
J. R. Curnow and wife, Maud Curnow, Mabel
Curnow, Grace Curnow, Mrs. Grace Ryder,- M.'
iv., Rn 2 ads - Walte f Bellatt, Michael Hyman,
Mlllard Hyman. ;>;.V^; . v - . , . ..- ,- ... .
AT HOTEL CAPITOLA: From San Fran
cisco — J. T. Lydon and wife. Mrs.- A.- B. Hale.
Ruby Hale. A. H. Simons, J. C. Morrison and
wife, P. J. -Tormey, Clara Tormey, Isabel Tor
mey. Fay W. Adams, Jani'-s H. Borland, Wil
liam I»uUson. Joseph Spencer, Margaret Leg
pan. Grace Hilborn. William Tappenbeck, N.
A. Judd. E. L. McRaskey, W. Atherman, M.
M. Garroutte. C. E. Ray. E. H. Elliott and
wife. H. J. Elliott. L. . P. Crane. Mrs. J. B.
Stetson, Marguerite. Doe, Anna Newborn. "Jo
wph H. Scott and wife, Mrs. H. Meyerstein,
Paul Ousting and wife. From other points —
C. Lamb. Mies Agnes •Brigjys. S. P. Truman.
A. C Bronse. J. T. Vennum, Mrs. R. B. Fabbl,
Arthur J. Bond, Joseph Heathman. Mrs. J.
James, Victoria Mason, AHcr Mason, E. B.
Kitchen. W. L. Oliver. Carter P. Pomeroy. Wil
liam Kent. H. F. Baseett, J. L. Wright and
wife. S. De Locke, Mra. G«orge E. Everett, R.
C. Ruby, Mrs. Al Baldwin, Bessie Kay, Sarah
AT EEIGLER HOT SPRINGS: From San
Francisco — L. F. Terkelson and wife. L. F.
Terkelson Jr.. Harry M. -Ward. MlM Annette
Erickson Miss Grace Burmelster. Miss A. Mc-
Donald Miss K. Michaelson William F. Dahl.
MIfs M. .Sullivan. Miss A. G. Bberldan. J. A.
Strand. Mrs. A. A. Cottrell, Mrs. M. C. Smith,
Mrs. William Brown, Mrs. V. A. Kesner and
eon. Miss Carolyn Armstrong. S. C. Schwartz,
Miss M. Hogan, Miss A. Commerford. Mrs. C.
Commerford. E. J. Banning. H. Overmohle,
J. Foley. William A. Graufleld. Jack Moore,
Frank Valerro. J. B. Hauk. J. J. White.
George iJiwrrncf. Miss K. Nolan. L. Slsen
,vine, J. H. Donovan and wife. Dr. F. H. Law
son. Miss Ella Lawson. Ml«s Ada Small. Frank
A Davis. Miss Ella McLaughlin. Colonel Frank
A. Ellis. Miss F. Doyle. Miss Ada Peters.
From Oakland — Frank Peralta and family,
Mrs. H Matthews Miss A. Coghlan. Mrs. A.
Daniel*. Miss Etta Smith. . Miss C. F. Schall.
From Sauealito — Edward Broderick, Dan
Whaley. E. G. Laughlin. C. A. Kane. From
Napa — Mrs. Nelson Wulff and daughter. Miss
A. Beuschel. From ¦ Sacramento— J. A. Du
hain. W H. Covell Joseph C. Toomey, Harry
A. Demick. Ed H. Cox Jr.
AT KLAMATH SPRINGS: From Ean Fran
cisco — F. A. Hoffman, F. J. Sullivan, E. Mc-
Devltt, A. W. Staufflr. . From Sacramento — E.
F. Peart. From Chico— H. P. Briscoe, J. S.
Briscoe. From Yreka— A. Slmmert. From
Dunemulr — A. W. Skelton. From Seattle,
Wash. — Leroy J. Chapman. From Portland,
Or. — T. V. Ward. From Klamath Falls, Or. —
C. N. F.' Armstrong. From Washington, D.
C— A. M. Moore.
AT BARTLETT SPRINGS: From San Fran
cisco — Mrs. Eugene Moffat, Miss L. Moffat,
J. C. Kelly, C. A. Stephens, E. A. Fotherlng
ham. Miss Adele Monahan. Miss Jennie Mona
han. W. J. McBrlde. J. B. R. Cooper, Mrs.
John T. Gilmartin. Miss Rush, J. C. Nolan, T.
G O'Brien. P. W. Brady. From Oakland —
T. F. Dorgan and wife. J. J. O'Nell, David
McKay and wife. C. E. Clausen. Miss Kathryn
G. Kirk. From Sacramento — E. S. Wachorst
and wife. A. T. Trainor. From San Mateo—
Robert Wlenon. From San Leandro— Sam
Best. From Courtland— Mrs. S. King, Viola
King. From Grimes — A. H. Stapp and wife.
Miss Bernice Stapp. W. Stapp, Frank Stapp.
From Marysvllle — C. C. Rubel. From Wood
land—Louis Kerget. L. B. Kanslow, R. W.
Browning, W. Y. Browning. Mattle Leo, Mas
ter Paul Leake. From Tucson. A. T. — L. Pease.
From Colusa — S. Rummelsburg. Dr. Cassau.
From Concord — A. Rumgay. From San Pablo
— Peter Alameda. From Los Angeles — T. N.
Canfleld. From Lflkeport— Mrs. W. C. Butler,
Mrs. George Donders. From Kelseyville — A.
T. Lea. '• ' .'•'
*,.•¦¦ •
Mrs. George F. Williams, M16S C. Williams,
Miss G. Williams, Miss C. M. Farley, Miss C.
Sanders. From Monterey — Thomas Field.
Charles White, J. L. Hartee, Walter Little,
Charles Carr. From Mill Valley— Mr. and
Mrs. A. C. Hinz. Mrs. Charles Mayer. E. D.
Rucker. From Stockton — I. H. Ganard. From
Blsbee. Ariz. — A. T. Sowle and wife, Mrs. M.
Sowle. From Salinas — Mrs. M. Bengal Chris.
Thorup and wife. E. Thorup. Mrs. W. S. Morse.
From Gonzales — Mrs. I. Madsen. Mrs. H. J.
Hansen. Mrs. B. C. Tharp- From Santa Rosa
— W. L. Johnson.
AT PA n AISO SPRINGS: From Pan Fran
t\f.«y— L. II. Ojleman. W. A. Taylor. I. Pelrer,
C nshrlson. Mr. and Mrs. Lyman I). Fester
Pt.. lyvrrmn D. Foster Jr.. Miss J. Koran. G.
W. F.lder. Miss Belle Msk. Mrs. U Arnold.
.1. Kf mens. Arthur Fraiser, J. Adamu, Joseph
IT. Burton. From Ran Jose — M. Pomeroy and
wtf*. J. w. Elancr and wilt, Clarence Blaner,
AT BERGESHEIM: From East Oakland —
Mr. and Mr«_.Henry VoRt. Angus Vogt, Ernest
Llcken. From Kan Francisco — Albert Marks.
Mrs. R. H. Hipkins, M1ss Heien Hipkins. Mrs.
!>>roy D. Nesbit. V>rdlnal Nesblt. From
Stockton — Mrs. Bernard Caasldy, Miss Kathryn
Oatstdy. Bern§r(J Cassidy. John Cassidy. From
San Francisco— R. II. Fant. Mrs. Ethel Dean
Fant, M'r* Marie Fay, Miss Gertrude Fay,
Mrs. Walter K. Sloan, M. A. Froment Jr..
<J*orre C. Kar«r»enl>ent. A. E. Frost, Mr. and
Mrs. n**ger. L«ouiae Plaeger. From Alameda
-^Mre. A. Perks. Harriet Perks.
-AT HOTEL. VENDOME. San Jose: From
ban Francisco — Thurlow McMulIen. M. W.
JeJl»>tt. Horace V. Scott, F. A. Kenny. J. G.
\Vri«rhi. W. S. Reed. Stephen Potter. Jay W.
Adams. F. C. Elmes. S. Drew and wife, M. F.
Tarpey. S. Frledlander. \V. M. Hunt, Albert
Well, August Shields and wife, George Tre
bugh, Mrs. Robert Sherwood and maid. It. L..
Sherwood, S. Lebenbaum. Miss Rose Leben
baum, Mr*. II. Scboenhol*, Mrs. Charles L..
Otts. Robert J. Tobin, Miss E. A. Glynn. Miss
Louis' A. Glynn, Mrs. James O'Brien. Charles
P. Hall. G. B. Dinsmore. Toby G. Hughes,
TV. C. Frahm. C. ft. Quick. \V. J. Davis. J.
Upright and wife, Mrs. \V. G. Holcomb and
nun, F. W. Lougcl, William J. Dutton. A. W.
Porter, J. W. Van Bergen. Mr. and Mrs. John
Lloyd. A. Goldstein. W. A. Merralls and wife,
J. C. Hire-ins and wife, E. S. Ruano and fam
ily. M. Blanco. Mr. and Mrs. Burrell S. White,
Mrs. D. II. Arnold. Robert Muller, S. E. Ep
1«t. J. M. Patrick. William Loewl. Mrs. J. W.
Valentine, Henry U. Brandenstein, D. J. Gug
r«iheim. W. F. Bowers, Mr. and Mrs. Edmund
Baker. Mrs. James Agler, Miss Maude Agler,
J. E. Laweon. 8. Kalten and eon, A. D. Shep
ard. Li M. Duncan. Mr. end Mrs. William T.
Garrett. Walter B. Helm. Misc )>na E.
Kohoenholz. Mrs. Fred C. Liebenbaum, Mrs.
Max M. <"r;hn. Miss Ruth Cohn. H. Schoenholz.
I> Lebenhaum Jr.. C. F. Itunyon. James Ak
l»r. Allen C. Harmon. C. Edward Jones. R. D.
Bentler. G. A. Ix-i^er. T. W. Brown. Mr. and
Mrs. F. M. Mclaughlin. P. O. Goody, E. W.
Newhall. U It. Marlow. Dr. J. McKay. Francis
Pope. 8. G. Buckbee. G. E. Jones, H. C. Miner.
J. G. TrcadweU. From Menlo Park — Mrs. Chris
tian Reis, Miss Frances Harris, J. W. Ells
worth and wife. Mies Ellsworth, Jeff M. Moore
From Oakland— R. H. Davis. Booth P. Sea
rlifht. M. <le I>. Hadley. Mr. and Mrs. John
P^meroy. 8. C. Farnham. From Lo« An-
K»les— U. J. McQuade. M. H. Coulee and wife.
Miss A. C. Balch, Mia# Margaret Jacks, Charles
K. Snider. Mr. and Mra. George L. Winter,
F. C. Winter.
AT HOTEL, PASO DE ROBLES: From Fan
Fr*r.t-iaco — W. C. Hall and wife, Henry Brun
cer. I. S. Benedict and wife. Mrs. M. L.. Mat
th< ws, Charles H. Ptoutenborounh. From Jef
ferson, la. — Mrs. Flora Brians. From Red
l«r.ds — MiM R H. Smiley. From Oakland —
Mrs. A. \V. Kelley. Mrs. L. M. Hamilton.
From Ixm Atigreles — Mr. and Mrs. W. G.
Hutchin«on. George \V. Beck. Mr«. John
Chanslor. Mis« Chanslor. From Naples — Mrs.
J. H. Williams. From Philadelphia. Pa.— Mr.
and Mre. C H. Judd. From Yonkers-on-Hud
fjx\ — Mrs. Frank teaman. Mrs. Charles Sea
man. From New York — Dr. E. V. Carpenter
and wife. M. C < i Mara. From Ogden. Utah —
Mra. H. A. Code. Miss Mary Klrwan. From
Pomona — Joseph Nunan. From Towanda. Pa.
— C. L.. Stewart. and wife. From 6an Jo»e —
Ph. Doerr. Lieutenant F. 8. Furr. Fifteenth
Infantry.
AT AETNA SPRINGS HOTEL: From San
Fr«.ncUco — Fred He»» Jr., Otto Hess. E. M.
iitrtfy. H. Lubber. Miss Bessie K. Paton.
From Santa Ros»— M. J. Hlbbard. From St.
Helen*— M:e. O. P. Benvle. Miss 6ara E.
Spurr. James Caughey and wlfc. FYom Napa
— Samuel A. Clarke. From Xapa — A.
L Voorhe-s. From Yountville — George S. Mc-
Williamt and wife.
AT THE SUMMER RESORTS.
Mrs. Mllly was the recipient of "numer
ous choice gifts. appropriate to the occa
sion. Among those making '. up the party
were Mr. and Mrs. Jerome Milly, Mr. and
Mrs.' Albert Milly, Emlle Mllly. Master
Jerome, Milly Jr.,. Miss Anna Mllly, Miss
Lulie Milly, Miss Cecelia Julian Milly,
John Milly, Mr. 1 and Mrs. Christian Wahl,
Christian Wahl Jr., Miss Katie Wahl.
Mr. 'and ¦_ Mrs:- Martin Kessler, Edwin
Kessler, Mr. and Mrs. . Emlle Luttringer,
Albert H. Menne,; Edward O'Brien. Mr.
and Mrs. Charles Lille, Master Louis
Lille, Mr. and Mrs. George Rapp, Mr. and
Mrs. John Fischer, Mr. and Mrs. A. Wal
denmeier,:Miss Bertha Waldenmeler, Miss
Augusta': Waldenmeier,. Miss Bernioo ' M.
Rapp, Mr.' and Mrs. Charles Fauser, Miss
S One . of the most interesting and de
lightful social events of the season oc
curred in' a downtown dining hall on Sat
urday evening, August 15. A large circle
of the family and friends of Mr. and Mrs.
Jerome Milly of 1517 Tenth avenue south
assembled to celebrate their silver wed
ding. Mr. Milly is a native of France
and Mrs. Milly of Germany. They were
married in this city twenty-five years ago
and their union has been a happy and
prosperous one. . Mr. Milly is a prominent
wholesaler merchant and manufacturer,
well known in social and fraternal circles,
8nd Mrs. Mllly has a pleasing personality
and sterling qualities that have endeared
her to many friends. The affair was held
in private and was an evening of unusual
pleasure, . marked by many pleasing fea
tures. J. J. Applegate, who was selected
to act as master of ceremonies and toast
master, welcomed the guests in a neat
and witty address and succeeded in hav
ing executed a programme that delighted
all present until 3 o'clock a. m. Numer
ous'toasts .were responded to in a happy
vein, notably by John Fischer, A. Wal
denmeier, Emlle Luttrlnger, Albert H.
Menne and John Milly. Mr. and Mrs.
Lille .rendered .¦ several vocal selections,
whlch^were well received.
A reception was given by Mr. and Mrs.
C. A'. Dpnohue at their residence, 27 Oak
street,^ Tuesday evening, August 11, in
honor of Mr. and Mrs. P. J. McLaughlin.
Those present were Mr. and Mrs. J. W.
Welsh, Mr. and Mrs. W. H. Lamb, Mr.
and Mrs. G. Boyson, Mr. and Mrs. E.
Goodfellow, Mr. and Mrs. J. F. Dunn, M^
and Mrs. Bevens, Mrs. C. Donohue, Mrs.
T. Gillfoyle. Mrs. E. Lothrop. Mrs. W.
E. Taggart. Miss M. McLaughlin, Miss
A. McLaughlin, Miss N. McLaughlin,
Miss M. Convey, Miss A. Convey, Miss
M. McManus, Miss K. McManus, Miss
Tessle Flynn, Miss L. Grlffln. Miss M.
Gillfoyle, Miss Kate Duddy, Miss L. Me-
Night, P. H. Brooks, L. Brooks, C. Dooly,
E. Sullivan, Master Harry Donohue,
Master Leo Donohue, Marguerite Lamb,
Miss Bernadetta Healy, Miss Kate Don
ohue, Miss M. Donohue. ¦'¦.) '«. ... -•;.
A reception was given at the home of
Mrs. M. Redington, 266 Fell street,, on
Monday evening. In honor of Captain
Michael Sullivan of Boston, who is visit
ing friends and relatives in this city.
During the evening several musical num
bers.were rendered and elaborate refresh
ments were served. Among the invited
were Captain Sullivan, Mrs. M. Reding
ton, the Ml?ses Annie and Katherlne
Redlngtoh. Mr. and Mrs. Peter Kelly Jr.,
Master Ralph Kelly, Mr. and Mrs.
Thomas Brennan, Miss Nellie Sullivan,
Mr. and Mrs. J. C. Sullivan, the. Misses
Pauline and Lucy Sullivan. Captain Sul
livan leaves for home in a fev days and
will. visit many places of interest en route.
iss Emma Eaton. After luncheon
mes afforded much amusement and the
izes were won by Mrs. . George Scovel
d Mrs. J. McDonogh Jr.
A very pleasant surprise was given to
Mr. and Mrs. Charles Fauser at their
residence. 1218 Railroad avenue. South San
Francisco, on Sunday evening last upon
the celebration of the twenty-fifth anni
versary of their wedding. Among those
present were: Mr. and Mrs. Jerome Mll
ly, Charles Boehringer, Miss Lizzie Mll
ly. Miss Annie Mllly, Miss Louise Boeh
ringer, Mr. and Mrs. Peter Wolff. Emil
Milly, Jerome Milly Jr., Mr. and Mrs.
J. J. Smith, Mr. and Mrs. James Green,
Clarence Smith. Alfred Green, Miss Bea
trice Green, Mr. and Mrs. George Schenck,
Mr. and Mrs. Nicholas Lubke, Miss Irene
Schenck, Miss Marguerette Schenck.
Charles Lankenau, Carl Rice of Arizona,
James Flannery of Arizona, William
Widemeyer, Miss Dora Fauser, Charles
Teresa Rapp, Mr. and Mrs. Joseph Frey
ermuth. Miss Froyermuth, Miss Teresa
Orra, Miss Regina Orra, Mr. and Mrs.
William Gerken, Mr. and Mrs. Charles
Boehringer. Miss Louisa Boehringer, Mr.
and Mrs. P. Hansen, Miss Lucy Hansen,
Miss Clara Hansen. Mr. and Mrs. Eu
gene Sweeney and J. J. Applegate.
Mi
ga
pri
am
An enjoyable surprise party was given
August 1j to Mrs. C. Bird at the home
of her daughter, Mrs. Q. Baker, 1607 How
ard street. Her chlld.Vn, grandchildren
and great-grandchildren were present. It
being her eighty-fourth birthday. Ther*
was singing, music and dancing until a
late hour. The table was decorated with
flowers and a dainty supper was served.
Among those present were: Mrs. C. Bird.
Mrs. C. Baker. Mrs. J. Wilson, Mrs. J.
Bryant. Mr. and Mrs. Cutler. Mr. and
Mrs. Singer Mr. and Mrs. Hogan. Mr.
and Mrs. Hennlnjr Mr. and Mrs. Kearney.
Mr. and Mrs. Kemble. Mr. and Mrs. Wil
son, Mr. and Mrs. French, .ur. and Mrs.
Stevens. Miss Addle Herfind. Mr. Holtz.
Mr. Orville. Clarand LJsser. Miss Marv
Ober. Charles Cutler Mel Cutler James
Cutler, Mlsa Mabel Kemble, Miss Annie
Kemble. Henry Heinze. Miss Lillle White.
Archie Frousth, Mrs. Oueldner. Mr. Ho
gan, Carlie Baker, Miss Ethel Hen
nlng, Lionel Baker, Miss Ethel Wilson,
James White, Miss Dorothy French. Mr.
Hogan. Mrs. Elsie Clary. Mr. Flanlgan.
Miss Edna Gueldner. Frank Wilson. Her
man VVe<aa, Bertie Cutler. Roy Hogan,
Miss Lizzie Berg and Mr. and Mrs. Berry.
Fauser Jr., James Cummins and
Mary Ewlng.
• Mrs. Webster Welbanks gave a birth
day luncheon at her new home, 1142 Ma
sonic avenue, last Tuesday. a Those pres
ent were her mother, sister and niece,
Mrs. Onelda Austin, Mrs. Harrison House
worth, Mrs. Livingston Dunn, Mrs. J. G."
Lelbold, Mrs. Carrie B. McLean, Mrs.
George Scovel, Mrs. Gus Lawton, Mrs.
G. F. Terschuren,»Mrs. J." McDonogh Jr..
Mr. and Mrs. G. W. Schweinhard last
Friday evening celebrated the china or
twentieth anniversary of their wedding
at their home, 2524 Market street. The
rooms and parlors on the lower floor were
tastefully decorated- with carnations and
ivy and the atmosphere was laden with
the odor of roses. The friends who called
to congratulate the , happy couple came
early and stayed late, because the host
and hostess would not left them leave.
After congratulations and the presenta
tion of gifts appropriate to the occasion
there was an evening of entertainment,
which included recitations I by Mrs. M.
Doyle and Z. T. "Whitten and vocal selec
tions by Charles Blake, Mrs. E. K. War
ren, Mrs. M. Doyle and Mr. Whitten.
Mrs. E. K. Warren presided at the piano.
At 10:30 o'clock the party partook of an
excellent supper and at the close thereof
there were games, charades j and a jolly
good time. The party, was made up of the
following named in addition to the host
and his charming wife: Mr. and Mrs. J.
Cope, Mr. and Mrs. A. E. Craig, Mr. and
Mrs. R. Jenkins, Mr. and Mrs. W. G.
Hornlein, Mr. and Mrs. A. D. Staneart,
Mr. and Mm. Z. T. Whitten, Mrs. M. Tren
nell, Mrs. M. Doyle, Mrs. 1». Gilbert, Mrs.
E. K. Warren, Mrs. J. Kuehn, Mrs. J.
Blake, Mrs. E. Kemper, Mrs. W. W.
Granville, Miss J. G. Trennell, Miss M.
Gilbert, Miss M. Fuoter, Miss L#. Fuoter,
Dr. F. A. McMahon, Charles Blake, and
Masters George Warren, Jess Warren
and Elmer Hornlein. , :' v \ -¦:*;
HOME PARTIES.
The Onward Club of the Tmrd Congre
gational Church held its regular monthly
meeting Thursday evening, August 20. It
was an evening with the California
writers. The musical part of the pro
gramme was well worthy of note. Miss
Vallance Arnott favored the club with a
number of Mendelssohn's songs without
words. Miss Elsie Arthur read a paper
on the "Life of Mendelssohn." Vocal se
lections .were rendered by Mr. and Mrs.
Trist. Mendelssohn's "Wedding March"
was beautifully rendered by. a trio of
young ladies, Miss Thompson, Miss Frost
and Miss Jones.
CLUB PARTIES.
The bride was attended by her sister.
Miss. D. KIrchman, and J. Drieschman
acted as best man. Those who remained
for the supper were Mr. and Mrs. W.
Drieschman, Mrs. Barbara Drieschman,
Mrs. Henry Pfaun.- A. Drieschman,
J. Drieschman, Miss T. Drieschman, Miss
G. Drieschman, Mr. and Mrs. C. A.
Hunteman, Mr. and Mrs. J. Umhalt, Mr.
and Mrs. H. Drieschman, Earl Driesch
man, Ed Drieschman, ' M. Sanders, Dr.
W. Rader.'Miss D. Kirchman, Miss Alice
KIrchman, H. Kirchman J^\, Mr. and
Mrs. F. Klopper, Mr. and Mrs. J.
Riemers, Mr. and Mrs. D. Hunteman and
Mr. and Mrs. H. Kirchman.
The wedding of William .F./Drlesch
man and Miss Frieda M. Kirchman took
place August 6 at the home of the bride's
parents, Rev. Mr. Rader officiating. Green
and white was the color theme in the
decorations.
The bride is a daughter of, Mrs. C. M.
Bode and the late .William Anselni Bode,
proprietor 'of the American .Tobacco Com
pany of Sydney, N. S.; W, also sister-in
law of P. E. Anderson) chief 'officer of
the steamer Alameda. '_' *. >' .
A pretty home wedding was solemnized
on Wednesday,. evening. August 12, when
Miss Katharine Agnes Bode became the
bride of Samuel James Gibson. The cere
mony took place : at the home of- the
bride's parents, at 393 Haight street," Rev.
Father Fleming officiating. The; bridal
party stood beneath a canopy, of huckle
berry and. sweet peas. . The decorations
were carried. out in white and green., The
bride, who was unattended, .was given
away by her brother, Franklin . V.
Bode. ¦ Her gown was a pretty creation
of granite and hand-made embroidery; a
tulle veil that fell in a cloud to. the hem
of the long train completed the costume.
She carried a shower bouquet: of bride's"
roses. Numerfius presents were received.
After the ceremony an elaborate supper
was served., . >
WEDDINGS.
ENGAGEMENTS.
Mr. and Mrs. J. Levison of 1S18 Post
street announce the engagement of their
daughter Rebe to Henry M. Brittan
of New Haven, ponn. :.
very few exceptions, the con
ventlonlsts were the motjfs of the func
tions given and their departure will quiet
pleasure's wand until the return of reso'rt
ers for the fall festivities. . r !*
BNTBRTAJNING j the vener
able veterans and 'their fam
ilies has been of all-absorb
ing interest to the social
world for the last week. With
SOCIETY
EVENTS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CAL.lv SUNDAY, AUGUST 23; 1903.
36
"JUST GATHERED," r
The beautiful fruit study, to be
given away FREE with next
SUNDAY'S CALL; will make a
handsome dining-room picture'
if framed closely in ebony and
ornamented burnished grold, size'
ioy 2 xisy 2 .
; ADVEBTISEMENTS.
lt» YOUR FACE UNWOi >~tf?
Have you dark shadows on your lips, cheek,
chin or person? If you have. B. B. B. English
Caramel Is ju»t what you want.
It removes and cures this unfortunate blem-
ish.
After one application your face will he as
free from hair as the palm of your hand.
B. B. B. English Caramel is Indorsed by the
medical profession, and has had twenty years of
successful practice In England and on the Con-
tinent. It Is, In fact, the only satisfactory erad-
icator of superfluous hair known to science.
Elite Skin Food — Removes all blemUhes and
roughness; makes the complexion perfect; keeps
the skin clear, soft and smooth.
The Elite Blackhead Eradicator — Permanent-
ly removes blackheads and reduces the pores
of the skin.
Elite Face Powdei 1 — Chemically pure: » pre-
ventive of superfluous hair.
The Elite Face Bleach — For removing: tan
and freckles. It has no equal.
Prompt attention to mailorders with stamps.
Elite Dermatology Institute*
838 Market St.. San Francisco.
WRINKLES |||g|jr
Blemishes Removed
BY DETCI MX new Wgi S^m
THE nUoLUlTXlTHOD §E&£§^B
Witch Hazel and Astrln- mK.i. vl3*!i3H
sent. The peer of all skin foods. 12.00.
DR. E. H. RETSLOFF,
603 Starr-King- Fid*.. 131 Geary St.
SUPERFLUOUS HAIR
And all other facial blemishes are removed ay
DR. and MRS. A. W. TRAVERSE. Donoho*
building, 1170 Market street, cor. Taylor, rooms
28-29, with the electric needle without pain or
scar; permanency guaranteed; boura 1 to 4 p.m.
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
I Wrinkles |
I Shriveled Skin I
,, 1 "After using g
' jB&SL^ -la' few appli- g
AP&|fifc I cations of Lo- <\
rajfjPj. » la Montez §
E&qS' j#v Creme I have ©
— r-v lK£~ Jr astonished my «
My. u\- ¦ '¦'¦ clear, smooth, ,&
, healthy com- S
•A plexion." A :g
lady 55 years tt
• DERMATOLOGIST X ««»«<* «" g
* 1 moving wrin- <q
§kles from her face by using LOLA §
MONTEZ CREME. It will do the 8
« same for you. To the young face <5
0 it gives fresh charms, to the old re- «
S newed youth. Pot 75c, lasts three 8
X' months. AU druggists. ' ¦ ft
8 TRIAL JAR. Ladies sending »
P this ad. and 10c will receive a jar of g
8 LOLA MONTEZ CREME, a box §
8 of Face Powder and a book of instruc- g
1 tiona - .; ,/ , , §
S. Mrs. Nettie Harrison's «
Wfi:'l 4-DAV •¦ 'I
§ HAIR RESTORER |
« Will bring; back the natural, color. Q
Q Gray or faded hair restored perman- 8
« ently without inconvenience and with S
« no disagreeable after 'effects. Not a £*
8 dyej is clean ; leaves no sediment and S,
« doe* not make the hair sticky. $1.00 g
g ¦ ! per bottle. All druggist j. ; . ' »
I SUPERFLUOUS HAIR I
g Permanently removed by the ELEC- «
S TRIC NEEDLE as operated by me. «
§ MRS NETTIE HARRISON |
8 x Dermatologist. ' S
|>140 GEARY STV •/ S.*F.,'CAL; •&;
itiKlllBHIni 1 ¦ :m«Wl ?JSWH9«« mrrnMinHMllillil
V\ f , NEWMAN & LEVINSON. m .
Kearny and Sutter Sts.
First Showing of the New (fw^)
Fallt Laces and Trimmings
Advance styles for Fall have arrived and are now on display — How can we begin to tell you of
the beauty and richness of these new Laces and Trimmings? — no other house in the city shows
such a stock — They, represent the choicest products of the leading European manufacturers — all
marked at prices that add charm. to the beauty of the goods :
New Venise Lace Bands and Galloons, in Antique, New Persian Trimmings — Bands and Festoons, i to 2}
-Floral, Brazilian and Teneriffe effects; per yard inches wide, in the very newest colorings; per yard ...
.:....:.....25cto$9.00 ». 1 50c to $4.00
.'New Venise Allovers in black, white, Arab and cream, Black and White Silk Appliques, In a large assortment
in a large variety of small and large designs; per yard of handsome Medallion and floral designs; per yard.....
.....;.....„.. $2.25 to $12.00 - 50c to $5.00
.. New ..Wood Fibre Lace Bands, 1 to 12 inches wide; \ New Silk Drop Ornaments, from 3 to 9 inches long, in j
black and white, in antique and cluny designs, per yard black, white and colors, also black and white combi-
;»..». 50c to $5.00 nations, each ...25c to $3.00
-Just received a large and handsome assortment of new BUTTONS in the very latest effects for Fall
Grand Display of Imported Novelties in
"Neck Chains, Hat Pins, Leather Bags, Etc.
r^i.V V;- " " [First Floor Sutter 9tr««t]
; ; ;»^The Fancy Notion Department now occupies the whole main aisle of our new Sutter Street
1 Annex whert we are showing the handsomest of these imported articles. Everything brilliantly new
and desirable. This vast display of beautiful goods has no equal anywhere. For to-morrow we quote:
Leather Automobile Bags, made. of Hat Pins with large pearl tops, oval Imported Neck Chains, in pearl and
best English Morroco, in red, green and or round, in a large variety of colors, gold, with handsome turquoise, special
blue, special at $175 special at, each 25c each $1-75
Leather Wrist Bags, in real seal and Fine imported Hat Pins, 8 inches Imported Neck Chains, in gun metal
walrus, black and colors, exceptional long, with colored crystal tops, fine and crystal, with the new tassel ends,
value at.. v ... ......... $1.25 value, each ..75c each $2.50
Chamois Jewel Bags, to wear around Handsome imported Hat Pins, In Novelty Chains, In coral and tur-
the neck, each 25c latest novelty designs $1.00 to $5.50 quolse, latest style ends . $4.00
Cushion Tops Ladies' Gloves Knitted Blouses
[Second Floor Kearny St.] [First Floor Kearny St.] [Third Floor Kemrny St.]
For 1 Art Needleworkers, there is on We don't know of a better Glove for Here we offer an exceptionally fine
pur second floor every possible variety the money than our one clasp Menlo— lot of Ladies' Knitted Blouses, made of
of Cushion Covers. Dozens of new it is a new mannish glove, made of fine Australian wool, in the fancy basket
subjects have just arrived, ncltiding selected skins, with Paris point em- stitch — come in colors white, cardinal
the Carnation. Poppy, Nasturtium.Cac- broidery — considered just now the cor- and navy blue— If bought in the regu-
tus, Autumn Leaf and. Red Kose, also rect sty , e for street wear _ e }r , ar thev cou , d not be so , d for , e$s
Se to^mo^w"! I.. 0 ."* .. ." .^.1* fltted * nd P»«nteed, «t than | 4 .5o-special to-morrow at
Top with Back 50c Each. S 1 - 00 ¦ S 3 - 25
TT 1 y*V /"* ; "1 • f TT * " /Second FlootA
Handsome Oxford Waistings <^««s<~o
These washable Oxfords are entirely new and are particularly desirable for Waists — They will
be extensively worn this season instead of flannel. We have a splendid assortment of them — Here
are four interesting offerings : f >V'
White Mercerized Oxfords, 27 inches wide, In an Handsome Oxfords, with white grounds and neat- cn
prettiest of jacquard designs, per yard - DOC cst of small colored dots, per yard SUC
Colored Oxfords, in light grounds, with black, «_ Novelty Oxfords, with beautiful luster, In the * | nA
red* pink and blue figures, per ya;d O3C new plaid and check effects, per yard _ «P 1 .00
Ladies' Underskirts with Adjustable Yokes
* c '"~ It is the McGee Adjustable Yoke that makes this skirt better than any other — By a series of
-hooks and eyelets at the back, it can ,be quickly' adjusted to any figure — They are made of best
Tmaterials and are controlled by us for this market : i «¦» \=
Adjustable Yoke Petticoats, madeof Sateen," with' 3 Adjustable .Yoke' Petticoats, madeof heavy Sateen,
Inch accordion pleated ruffles at bottom $2.25 with 7 inch accordion pleated flounce $3.00
Adjustable Yoke Petticoats, of fine Italian Cloth, made Adjustable Yoke Petticoats, of fine quality -Moreen,
with three 2* inch ruffles at bottom ....$2.50 7 Inch flounce, with ruffle edge, velveteen bound $4.00
Mail Orders Receive Prompt Attention — Samples sent to any address
ADVERTISEMENTS. \\ '" " ¦ ' ''/_'_'"- _;;..'...' ¦'¦'¦'
I Np^ other medicine in the I
I >vorld excBusively fpr women J
I has made so many actual I
I cures* and attained such an if
[I ©ilOriTlUiSS S^I© SLS slcis , - m
I ' bJf mESpwBnbm gift [I HNn7 ¦cQ^^A wmS^r
C^V^^HP 1 Hr jKpECl BRSa mm J*£w3m HssSf |Nin Bm **$w ¦' BStsSa
1 - - ¦ - Tff^^^mSF^Bt^n^^^Bt^lmffBmPmf^n^ff^nmi^^^^^^^m * ' lTiMiMMMnffri3«!^B flpHnJytfTS : ?i^^i ii*ffBnrTffl»Wff^TffP"^^^^w9mBl^r^r^ '
1 Wlore than a million women 1
I have been restored to health I
I by it. Merit alone can make 1/
I such a record. Wise are the |)
I women who will accept 1 no 1
I j Oi f ff^^k ¦ E m I J ¦ tf^ mRi
l_^ Sm> wtt r*£^iP vl W %fm 9$\& A .„ MSBIf the likenesses of girl graduates which
now make an attractive feature of many
newspapers are true to the life, and un
doubtedly they are in most cases, doesn't
It seem that those leaving the high
Echools have A remarkably mature look?
In some instances they look to be quite
25 years of age. and as knowing and wise
as girls who really have seen that num
ber of years are usually found to be In
this sophisticated age. It seems rather
curious, too. that such young girls should
look so "finished." but it is probably Just
an evening up of things In their respec
tive families, as their mothers and grand
mothers are undoubtedly' engaged in tak
ing beauty and youth renewing cures with
years from five to twenty-five taken from
their ages. We will record, it as the re
sult of an effort of nature to square ac
counts.—Boston Transcript.
Old Girl Graduates.
DONATE CARLOADS OF FRTJTT.
Fresno County's Hospitality Was a
Feature of Encampment.
Carloads of fresh fruits and flowers
were sent to San Francisco daily and the
One of the most pleasant features of
the encampment week was the hospitality
extended by the citizens of Fresno Coun
ty, who opened and maintained headquar
ters in this city.
Joseph Chamberlain does not write out
a word of his speeches. Lord Rosebery
makes full notes, while Sir William Har
dcourt and Sir Henry Campbell-Banner
man write cut and read their speeches.
The long-distance automobile race this
year will be from. Parid to Madrid, 330
miles.
Ism of the Common Place"; evening, "General
Robert K. Lee — III* Patriotism and His Place
In American History." Pastor, Rev. William
Racier.
Calvary Presbyterian — Morning, "The King
doms That Never Die"; evening, "Qur Vic
torious Lord Returning from the Conflict."
Pastor. Rev. John Hemphlll.
Plymouth Congregational — Morning, preach
ing; evening, "Lessons from the Great Civil
War." Pastor, Rev. I. C. Meserve.
First Presbyterian— Rev. George H. Scott of
New Hampshire and a soldier of the battle of
Gettysburg, will speak; subject, "The Full-
Grown Man."
First Unitarian — Morning. "The Greater
Heroism." Pastor, Rev. Bradford Leavltt.
Second Unitarian — Morning, "What Shall
We Do with Sunday?"
St Paul's Episcopal — Evening. "Christian
Marriage." by Rev. G. Taylor Griffith.
Trinity M. E. — Morning. "The Glory of Our
Zion — How It May be Perpetuated." Pastor,
Rev. Jfchn A. B. Wilson.
Simpson Memorial M. E. — Morning, "A Sol
dier's Faith"; evening, "The Touchstone of
Christianity." Pastor. Rev. John Stephens.
Howard-street M. E. — Morning, "The Only
Name" ; evening. "Weighed and Wanting."
Pastor. Rev. A. C. Bane.
Grace M. E. — Morning. "Ministering Spirits";
evening, "The Holy Catholic Church." Pastor,
R«>v. F. M. Larkin.
California-street M. E.— Morning, "Christ
and His Friends"; evening, "The Manliness o£
Christ. 1 ' Pastor. Rev. Clarence Reed.
First M. E. — Morning. Rev. Thomas Fllben
will preach; evening, "Pressing Toward the
Goal." Pastor. Rev. Frank K. Baker. .
Rev Father Handle will preach at high mass
in St. Mary's (Paulist) Church this morning;
Rev. Father Carey will preach In the evening.
Rev. Father Allen Kill preach at last mass
in St. Ignatius Church this morning. Rev.
Father Woods will deliver the sermon at
Veppera.
First English Lutheran— Morning, "The Cap
tives of Babylon": evening, "The Second Day
of Creation." Pastor, Rev. E. Nelander.
Many Houses of Worship Will Give
Addresses for the Benefit of
the Q. A. R.
Services at the churches this day will
be as follows:
FlrBt Congregational — Morning, "Why Paul
Wrote a Letter"; evening, "Faithful and JuBt
to Forgive." Pastor, Rev. George C. Adams.
Third Congregational — Morning, "The Hero-
PATRIOTIC SERVICES
AT VARIOUS CHURCHES
The statistical officer urges that, hav
ing regard for the expense necessarily
entailed in the taking of any intermedi
ate census and to the great changes
which take place in London between the
decennial returns, the extra cost of a full
quinquennial census should not be al
lowed to stand in the way of its prepara
tion. Mr. Harper also emphasizes the ne
cessity of a day census of persons en
gaged in work in the county of London.
—New York Commercial.
Glancing at the wage earners, ' we dis
cover something striking— that the num
ber of girls and women should be so
preat. In the county there are 2,394,456
females. Of these no fewer than 719,331
are wage earners. Allowing for children
under 10, this must mean that one in every
three is engaged in daily toil; 548,721 of
these are unmarried. The occupations
followed by women cover almost the
whole range of work. One girl in every
twenty between the ages of 13 and 14 is
a wage earner.
Of the persons under 18, three boys of
16 were married, and fourteen of 17 years.
Girls beat the boys in the matter of early
alliances. Ten of the tender age of 13
were wives, twenty-one were aged 16, and
no fewer than 164 aged 17. Speaking gen
erally of marriages of people over 20, the
figures show that the proportion to the
population in London has declined since
1871. This is demonstrated by the follow
ing table for London, showing the rate of
these marriages per 1000:
1R71-1S80 19-1
1SN1-1S90 17. «
1KU-1000 17.8
1WJ1 17.0
"These figures," writes Mr. Harper,
"are somewhat remarkable In view of the
prevailing impression that the marriage
rate furnishes an. indication of prosperi
ty."
The marriage statistics show that the
2,930,204 people over 18 years of ave in the
county of London In 1901 are classified as
under:
Male. Female.
Married 777,346 702.002
Unmarried 492.82«} 587.487
Widowed ..'. 72,128 197,51j
In the city the excess Is accounted for
by the number of male assistant* living
in drapery establishments; in Poplar and
Stepney by the male alien immigrants;
and In Woolwich by the arsenal laborers.
With reference to the Hampstead fig
ures and those of the boroughs where
the women are numerically stronger, Mr.
Harper gives an interesting table ot tnejr
ages.
stead. ton.
Under 15 807 740
15 and under 20 2,527 4,002
20 and under 25 4.015 7,270
25 and under 30 3,517 7,295
.50 and under 35 2.145 4,090
35 and over 6.555 14,415
¦ Padding- Maryie
ton. bone.
Under 15 573 686
15 and under 20 2,882 1,652
20 and under 25 3.142 3,38«
25 and under 30 3.520 3.239
30 and under 35 2.351 2,058
35 and over 9,050 6,497
A commentary on London and its myri
ads, based on the census of 1901 and other
facts and statistics separately obtained,
was issued recently by the London county
council. It Is the work of E. J. Harper,
the statistical officer of that authority.
After some interesting references to the
vast Increase in London's population, he
points out that London has also advanced
amazingly in value. In the city the rata
ble value per head of population was
£33 16d in 1S7L In 1901 It had increased to
£1SO 18s. For the administrative county
of London the value rose from £6 2s to
£8 14s In the same period. The question
of sex occupies some conslderaBle space
in Mr. Harper's commentary. In the coun
try the females exceed the males by al
most a quarter of a million, there being
1118 women to every 1000 men. Hamp-
Etead holds the record for the number of
women. Taking the same comparison,
1000 men could be mated, and still in
happy Hampstead there would remain to
every such thousand families 590 females.
Kensington comes next with 550 per 1000
over. Then follow Paddington with 340,
Marylebone with 800, and Chelsea with
250. The tables are turned in "the city,"
Poplar, Stepney and Woolwich, where the
men are In greater force. Of every one
thousand men in the city, fifty would be
debarred from matrimony owing to lack
of women, 10 in Poplar, 20 in Stepney, and
90 in Woolwich.
Interesting Facts Concerning the
City's Myriads and Its
Wage-Earners.
COMMENTARY ON LONDON
AND ITS INHABITANTS
One of the email but very curious mys
teries of the day Is the existence In the
mind of elmost everybody who uses the
telephone of a feeling that he has a spe
cial dalm upon the time and attention
cf everybody whom for his own interest
or convenience he chooses to "call up."
The man who seeks an Interview In the
old-fashioned way has no such feeling.
He sends In his card, usually with an ex
planation of his business, and then with
more or less patience waits until the per
son he wants to eee is ready to receive
him. The man at one end of a telephone
wire, however, demands that he be treat
ed on a "favored nation basis," and if he
Is kept waiting more than a few seconds
by the man at the other end he resents it
as a discourtesy. If not an actual wrong.
And the v-lephone companies themselves
seem to assume that each subscriber has
entered into a tacit contract to leap
riromptly to his instrument every time
the bell rings, and they scold him when
he doesn't do It. on the ground that he
"hurts the service." This assumption of
the companies is seriously — and therefore
amusirply — expressed by the American
Telephone Journal, which, after telling
how much better the telephone service is
nr>w than It used to b«, proceeds to lec
ture the called subscriber for not doing
Ms to make It still more prompt.
"The average time." It says, "taken by
the subscriber to answer the telephone
bell Is still much greater than it should
be. and It still lies in the power of the
subscriber preatly to increase the ef
ficiency of the telephone service by cut
ting- this time down. Jt represents at ;
rresient the larger proportion of the total
time occupied in getting two subscribers
together on the telephone, and as long as
that is so It will remain a standing re
proach to telephone subscribers in gen
eral."—New York Times.
Answer Your Phone.
While the time for the encampment
will be left to the council of administra
tion it was said that the date will be
given out officially In December' next.
There has been some talk about the en
campment being held In July, but It Is
almost certain that the great gathering
will meet in Boston Just one year from
the date of the encampment In San Fran
cisco.
The election of General Black as com
mander In chief of the Grand Army of
the Republic was frequently discussed,
and on every hand one could hear appro
bation of the choice.
Naturally most eyes were turned to the
encampment which will be held at Bos
ton next year, and the date of the en
campment was a matter which came un
der discussion.
Although every one had done his or her
best no one thought or felt that he had
done enough, though the veterans ad
mitted that they could never forget their
reception In the city by the Golden Gate.
At what had been the headquarters of
the Grand Army Just a few veterans sat.
They represented several of the East
ern States and were calmly discussing
the achievements of the week. Each had
prepared to return to his home a long
way off, but not without regrets.
The social advantages, the climate, the
whole life of California appealed to the
visitors, and on every hand one could
hear determination to some day return
to the Pacific Slope and everlasting sun
shine.
The headquarters of the Grand Army
and of the Woman's Relief Corps and the
Ladles of the Grand Army of the Repub
lic were all bereft of the busy throngs.
The hotel proprietors, the managers,
the directors and all connected with the
executive committees wore a depressed
look. No one was actually happy; no one
could be reconciled to the fact that there
would be a chance of meeting the na
tion's heroes in another year. It was
sufficient for Californlans to realize that
the gallant veterans who were leaving
for parts far remote to add to their de
pression.
Such a moving and replacing of furni
ture was general, and it seemed yester
day as though the whole city had been
voluntarily and good-naturedly turned
upside down and had been as good-na
turedly returned to its nprmal state.
Around the Palace Hotel, the Occident
al, the Lick House and the Russ House
armies of servants were engaged clearing
up and tearing down decorations and set.
ting in domestic order rooms that for a
week had been devoted to executive* la
bors. •-
Signs were torn down from doors, and
desks that had been utilized for the ben
efit of executive committees were re
moved, to be replaced by the more do
mesticated lounges and chairs 'and side
boards.
every one of the headquarters rep
resenting the various States of the Union
became deserted.
7HB breaking up of the encampment
of the Grand Army of the Repub
lic was emphasized yesterday, when
old soldiers and their friends were given
an opportunity of sampling the luscious
products of California. „ .
Every one who called at the Fresno
headquarters was given a basket of fruits
and a bottle of wine and the veterans de
clared that such hospitality exceeded any
thing in their recollection.
The fruits were donated by citizens of
Fresno County and the wines were the
gift of the California Wine Association.
Veteran Is Badly Injured.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, Aug. 22.—
Captain Harklns, a prominent member of
the Grand Army of the Republic, who re
sides at Menlo Heights, near the univer
sity, was seriously injured to-day as the
result of a collision. The old veteran was
driving to Palo Alto when a Menlo Park
coachman driving' a trap at a high rate
of speed collided with Captain Harkins'
buggy, overturning it. Captain Harklns
suffered a dislocation of his left hip and
will probably be confined to his bed for
several weeks.
• •M-I-M-H-K-M 1 I-H-M 1 I-H-H-O
son, Mr«. B, J. Loomtn, Mrs, A. T. Kelly,
J. Harl&n. Mn J. L Brlmion and Mr*. A. R.
Rickey.
Daughters of Veterans— Mrs. N. A. Smelser,
Mrs. K. J. Haynea. Mn. Belle Sullivan Mrs.
K. Mentz Mn. F. W. Fellowi. Miss Mabel
Watklna. Mlna M. Hedrlck, Mrs. M. Hartman
and Mist E. Hartman.
FACTS ABOUT GLOVES
NOT GElTEBAIiLY KNOWN
Th» principal material from which
gloves and mittens are manufactured is
the roans. Including all kinds of domestic
sheepskins. Horse, cow, seal; hog " and
dog skins were also used. A horse or cow
hide Is generally split up the back, and It
Is estimated that in each hide there Is
thirty, square feet. Mocha and imported
kid are used for fine lined and unllned
gloves for men, women and children, and
the domestic kid is made into the more
common varieties. The Cabretta and Bra
zilian sheepskins are cut into men's me
dium grade gloves for driving, while the
roans or domestic sheepskins are made
into men's low grade gloves and mittens,
the cheapest leather gloves manufactured.
The horse and cow hides and the goat
and seal skins are used as a substitute
for deerskins in the manufacture of men's
Imitation buck gloves and mittens. The
manufacture of ladles' fine gloves has not
yet been attempted to any considerable
extent In the United States. This Is due
to the fact that thus far glove manufac
turers here have been unable to secure
the finest gTade-of skins. ¦'
Probably the most notable glove-making
machine is the multiple needle machine,
for stitching "the back of gloves, which
sews two, three, four and even six rows
at the same time. The automatic trim
mer, which is attached to the head, or
needle bar, of the machine, was intro
duced in 1893 and has greatly facilitated
the work, as It trims the leather much
better than do shears.
At various periods and in different coun
tries the glove has been the theme for
many fanciful and poetic theofios. It has
been a customary offering on occasions of
Joy and aorrow:tho pledge of friendship,
of love and of safety: the symbol of
hatred, defiance, humiliation and honor;
the token of loyalty and the tenure by
which estates have been granted or held.
The origin of the glove is unknown, and
its material history is not aided to any
extent by the history of the world Itself.
From all the evidence obtainable, the
glove probably constituted a part of
man's dress , from time immemorial. If
recent discoveries in the geological world
are to be credited, It formed part of the
costume of the prehistoric cave-dwellers.
It is suposed that the gloves of the cave
dwellers were made from roughly dressed
skins and sewed with needles made of
bone, and were not of ordinary size, but
reached to the elbows, thus anticipating
the multibutton glove of the Victorian
era. They were known to the Greeks and
also to the Persians and Romans. Among
the Greeks they were chiefly used by the
laborers as a protection for the hands in
gathering harvests. Among the Persians
and Romans they were-also worn as-or
naments, chiefly by the higher orders, par
ticularly the military. •
They were . considered a necessary ad
junct to the regalia of royalty, and they
were not generally worn by women until
about the period of the reformation. The
manufacture of gloves in the United
States dates from 1760. In the early period
of the industry the Indian process of tan
ning was exculslvely used. "Jhe distin
guishing feature of the- process was the
use of the brain of a deer, which insured
a durable as well as a soft and pliable
leather. The brain of a hog was subse
quently tried, but it was not entirely sat
isfactory, as it lacked certain properties
possessed by the deer brain. At the pres
ent time the sheep and lamb skins used
are received in what is known as "salt
pickle," which is applied to the Bkln after
thfe removal of the hair.
When the glovemaker gets the skins he
stretches them and then shaves them
down to the desired thinness, and then
they go to the cutters. From the cutters*
room the leather, .which has assumed the
shape of a glove, goes to the "silkefs,"
who embroider the back, and then to the
"makers." Some sew the fingers and put
the thumbs in, while others- welt or hem
the glove, around the wrist, and others,
called "pointers," work the -ornamental
lines on. the back.— Philadelphia Record.
Final Greetings Are Exchanged Between
Comrades of Civil War Who Make
Ready for Departure. ¦
HEADQUARTERS CLOSE;
FAREWELLS ARE SAID
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, AUGUST 23, 1903.
Continued From Page 33, Column 4.
VISIT SANTA CLARA.
37
AMUSEMENTS.
GRAND So&3£
ONLY MATINEE SATURDAY.
LAST WEEK OF THE SEASON*.
LAST WEEK.
RAYMOND AND CAVERLY
And Our Superb Eastern Company In •
"Iiy HARVARD "
Next Saturday STANFORD UNIVERSITY
NIGHT.
PRICES. 25c. 60c. 75c
- Commencing - -
NEXT SUNDAY NIGHT
POLLARD LILLIPUTIAN CO.
In the
"BELLE OF NEW YORK."
PRICES. 15c. 25c. 50c. 75c
Saturday and Sunday Matinees, 15c 23c 50c
Tl WAI i OPERA
I I VULi HOUSE.
TO-NIGHT AND ALL NEXT WEEK.
,,,. r SATURDAY MATINEE.
The Last Week of Comic Opera.
camilleIvarville
, . IN—
The Highwayman
' With the entire Tlvoll Company.
The Opening of the Grand Opera Season
will take place on
Monday, August 31st.
Sale of seats will commence on MONDAY
NEXT. 24th Inst, at 0 a. m.
POPULAR PRICES— 25c, 50c. 75c
Telephone Bush 9.
f* 111 1 1MB 1 A SAN frascisco-3
bULUlfllSiA LEADING IHEfiE
Powell Street, Near Market.
"' ONE WEEK,
, Beginning
MATINEES WEDNESDAY and SATURDAY.
HENRY MILLER
AND
MARGARET ANGLIN
¦ In Richard Harding Davis' Comedy, .
THE TAMING
OF HELEN
August 31— "CAMILLE."
CENTRAL^
Market Street, near Eighth— Phone South 533.
_ _____ ¦'.. ¦*
MATINEE TO-DAY— TO-NIGHT LAST Time of
"CUMBERLAND '61"
MONDAY NIGHT— ALL NEXT WEEK.
MATINEE SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
Sumptuous Production of Alexander Dumas'
• Masterpiece,
•'CAMILLE"
EUGENIE THAIS LAWTON AS CAMILLE
HERSCHELL MAYALL as ARMAND DUVAL.
And Brilliant Supporting Company.
DDirUC Evenings" 10c to 50c
rlllvE3 Matinees 10c. 15c. 25c
MONDAY. August 31.
"THE GREAT RUBY."
VETERANS OP THE O. A. R.
Don't Go Home Until You Have Seen
"QUO YASS rSS"
— AND—
"THE BIG LITTLE PBINCESS."
Both Burlesques are so very funny that your
lives will be prolonged when you have wit-
nessed these plays.
Our All-Star Cast. Including
KOLB AND DILL.
BARNEY BERNARD.
WINFIELD BLAKE.
HARRY HERMSEN..
MAUDE AMBER.
[ELEANOR JENKINS.
ETC.. ETC.. ETC.
. RESERVED SEATS— Nighta. 25c. 60c and
75c Saturday and Sunday Matineas. 25c and
50cI ¦ Children at Matinees, 10c and 25c.
Watch for the Next Double Bill.
, LECTURES AND C0NC3BTS. •
4ra^3QjHH»/^ TO-NIGHT.TBufDAY)
MaBaWH^K-A^lill "The Marconi or the
(iHiHElLU fir'" Mind." on
•itHKilsiiLc WHAT IS THOUGHT I
*HB«w2?K? r\ Wlth Experiments in
Thought Reading.
' 3 ™"^ Tickets, 25c,' 60c, . 75c
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
I SCHUMACHER & CO. a™ >
| Jewelers
\ 8 New Montgomery St. Also Entrance From Palace Hotel Corridor
| Precious and Semi-Precious Stones,
I Watches, Gold Jewelry.
J CALIFORNIA
; souvenirs.
! Gol d Quartz Jewelry— Specimens of Al 1 K i n ds.
I ' > — — • - r
t Watches and Jewelry Repairedat Reasonable
[ ¦ Prices. . ¦'...'•,.. .- . ¦¦"/«-., ,...
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
Diamonds
May. Soon
Drop in Price*
The reason for this you will observe
when you have viFited the Palace of J.
C. DAVIDSON, the worlds greatest dia-
mond Imitator, and have Inspected the
Sapph-Diamond. This gfm has engaged
the thought of our famous diamond Im-
porters because of Its excessive HARD-
NESS, phenomena! luster and brilliancy
Having: the same diamond cut, they pos-
*ess the prismatic fire so characteristic
of the genuine. Constructed as nearly on
the lines of nature as It was possible for
science to venture, pressure and the most
intense heat obtainable are the important
factors of construction.
No foilbacks and never sold under elec-
tric llphts and demonstrated side by
tide with genuine diamonds.
Beware of any one offering to represent
me — there is but one place on the Coast
where the Sapph -Diamond can be pro-
cured. 124 Kearny street, San Francisco.
Reconstructed ruble?, emeralds, pearls
and sapphires.
Importer of Australian and Mexican
• fire opals.
Catalogues on application.
MONDAY, TUESDAY, WEDNESDAY
Butter, very best, square. . . 40c
Eggs, best selected, doz. 30c
(Fresh Eggs, warranted, doz.25c)
Cream, Poppy Brand, 3 cans . . 25c
Grape Nuts, brain food. 2 pkgs.25c
Scotch Oats, reg. 15c pkg«.. . . 10c
Chocolate, Ghirardefli's,ground 25c
Lard, snow white, 3 Ib. paiIs..40c
C.O.D. GROCERY CO. inc.
JOHN* UOBISSOX. President.
313 OTarrell SL, Near Mason
Formerly of Post and Buchanan.
Telephone Folaom C10. I
\o Liquors Prompt Delivery
VfihcP &0NT FAIL TO
i ulflwW see the beauti f u i
j COURT Lounging
/Iflfl room, the EMPIRE
ailU PARLOR, the
r 1 PALM ROOM, the
UnMQ LOUIS XV PAR-
UlUliu LOR, and the LA-
n i !„ DIES' WRITING
Hotels room.
"'¦ '•'-" . ADVERTISEMENTS. -' " - "" "¦':'.'*¦
I CITY • jfrnrAKlS
I Dry Goods -^^WSff^ Company. 8
S Fashionable Outerwear for Ladies §
1 All fresh, neat, well cut garments at most |
§ inviting prices. |
I AR 1 10 lib I LADIES' MAN-TAIL- |
I MM/CITICQ! orbd suits s
I . § CLOTH, ETAMINE a n d |
g FOR § LACE DRESS SKIRTS |
| fill Til MM I RAIN PROOF CRA- |
I HUlUlfin | VENETTE RAGLANS I
I flMfl I I
I HflIU | FANCY EVENING |
1 1 WINTER 1 COATS - 1 1
I CITY OF PARIS DRY GOODS COMPANY, |
q Geary ted StcoHoa Streets. Union Square. &
— :-- • * ¦ --;-;-. •-'¦ - ADVERTISEMENTS. .'"r^r" •;•" ?¦ 1 '."V
• . ;The Largest Exclusive Cloak and, Suit House in California. ;:¦,'•
| AU TU7VV1N, : 19O3. •
J GRAND DISPLAY OF NEW STYLE GARMENTS. §
• Tailor Suits, Jackets, Capes, Furs and Skirts 2
j MASTERFUL SUPREMACY |
• Superior Workmanship. , Perfection of Fit f
• v Precision of Finish. , ]..V.X. . •
9 . We -receive our. models 'from the'fashion' center of Europe. ' " ; " #
D '.' We purchase our; material direct from the mills. • s ¦ "" ¦ • ' u - 'O'
P We' manufacture all" our garments. ¦¦¦'•-' : • ..¦-.;. . •••-'_©
• Ah_>£? PRICES ALWAYS LOWER 5
> tPlsP THAN ANYWHERE |
I W/^ lAlLiUK Z>Uli«i> •
9 ' j^m. . i5°o new style Tailor Suits, new .mix- 9.
' turc °^ twec(^ s an d cassimere, newest •
• . JgjggBffiarSflfa \ : shades of broadcloth and Venetians. ©
Z • fflKoWHSEm,^ The long coat- and new Norfolk style 9
S JrH*iBi^is§iK9a at th e moderate prices of $13.50, •
I Wm*$&^%^ ; $15.00, '$17.50 and $2O.OO. ,''."•§'
• 5 °° high-class Novelty Tailor. Dress- 2
• rzftt lffl&ttt&&J<SJl cs « elegant and exclusive styles, at a
» t^a^P^^S $25.00. $27.50, $:JO.OO, $35.00 o
I SB llliftil&lliw English Top Coats, satin lined Q
• Wfflfiiiswl throughout, at $12.50. . , ; O
I a WBdliB Novelty Dres- Coats, in cloth and
\ AsPSflgflg* silk, at 915.0O. $18.50, $20.00, •
» i*SgS«{j|k $22.50 and $25.00. J
\ J^^^m^. MISSES' and CHILDREN'S COATS |
I In lar B e and elegant variety of cloth, 5
> (^SP^a^^S^^S^^i silk and velvet, from $3.5O to $2O. S
5 :^S^^^^HKSS%"'' F UR JACKETS, FUR CAPES and %
\ FUR COLLARETTES, FUR BOAS 9
\ and FEATHER' BOAS at LOWEST ©
} 1230-1232-1234 MARKET STREET, Near Jones. •
Week Commencing: THIS AFTER- t
( NOON, Angust 23. /.:
! Opulent I
Vaudevelle!:
IDWIN DOROTHY }
. KEOUGH and BALLARD :
Presenting Their Delightful Come- ' ' '
n dletta, "A Vaudeville Surprise." j
j THE FLEURY TRIO 1
1 Novelty Dancers. -.,"
SAM EDWARDS and CO. I
1 In a- Condensed Comedy by Edward E. ?
¦ i.Krdder Entitled. 1 "A Pass' for Twoi" • i
" ' JOHW • • ¦ - DOEA • ' !!
URKINS 1 PATTERSON;]
'. ' Colored Character 'Artists. •
.JAKES . . . A&HOLD > >!!
ROBERTIaDdBILLOSKll
- • Operatic Basso and ' L'yTic Tenor.* j 'fr
ROSIE- RENDEL 1
i England's Foremost' Transformation ',,
...../ .. > ¦ ¦ Dancer. . -¦ -' • • 'i
I JOHN LE CLAIR ;
' . Artldtlc and . Refined Comedy Juggler. J
| HEELEY and MEELY !
i < "The Most Peculiar Cou&le Before the ?
i Public. " . • ' ?
( ' •
,, Last Week and Change of Specialty. ?
| LEW HAWKINS ]
I • The Chesterfield of Minstrelsy; -¦ ?
i Parquet, any seat. 25c; Balcony, 10c; «
i Children, any part • except, reserved, »
I 10c; -a. few front Orchestra rows, re- I
7 served, 6Oc; front rows of Balcony, re- ,
t served, 25c. . . *
AT /^ A T A T5 Belasco & Mayer.
. ' • i • , - • - .- Gen. Mgr. .
Extra Matinee To-Day
T8»NI6HT-0Nf MORE WEEK
Enormous Success of Belasco & . Slayer's
Great Realistic Production,
THE DAIRY FARM.
"AS IT WILL TOUR THE COAST.
GREAT CAST. EXQUISITE EFFECTS.
DRAWING CAPACITY HOUSES.
"The • kind of comedy to see after eating 1 a
home cooked dinner/' — Bulletin. '
Evenings 25c to 75c Matinees. 13c to 50c.
MONDAY. August 31 — First Time of FLOR-
ENCE ROBERTS in "THE' UNWELCOME
MRS. HATCH."- ' - * •
Seat Sale To-Morrow at 9 a m.
Symphony Concerts.
FRITZ SCHEEL, SI
GRAND OPERA HOUSE.
CHANGES OF DATES OF CONCERTS.
The . SYMPHONY SOCIETY anouncea that
the concerts under the direction of MR.
SCHEEL will taka place on TUESDAYS In-
stead of Fridays, at 3:15 p. m. The next con-
cert will be on TUESDAY. Aug. 25. at 3:15 p.
in. The remaining six concerts on: Tuesday.
Sept. 1; Tuesday. Sept. 8; Tuesday. Sept. 15;
Tuesday Sept 22; Tuesday. Sept. 29; Tuesday,
Oct 6. * Seats on sale at Sherman & Clay "a
Music Store, cor. Sutter and Kearny sts..
Thursday morniwr and after. Price*: 80c, $1.
$1 25. $1 SO. Tickets good for Tuesdays of th«
week ot their dates.
OCEAN TRAVEL.
.»<Tr"'r>v Steamers leave Sao Frma-
/£\>^-"*£i«\ ciaco aa follows :
/£< For Ketchlkan. Jnneao.
Ku ?C3kJHa *-A Halnes, Skacway. eta. 11»>
| j \ltar* I I k« — 11 a. m.. Aueutt 4. a.
I V \W5»/ 1 14. 19. 24. 29. Sect. 3.
Wv \\ Change to comptay'i »te*m«
>5§isV/t/ ers at SeatUe.
For Victoria. Vancouver.
- -r Port Townsend. Seattle. Ta-
coma. Everett. Whatcom — 11 a. ra.. August 4.
9, 14. 19. 24. 29. Sept. 3. Change at Se&ttl*
to this company's steamers for Alaska and O.
N. Ry. ; at Seattle for Tacoma to N. P. Ry. ;
at Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay) — Pomona. 1:SO
p. m.. August 2. 8. 14, 20. 28. Sept. 1; Corona,
1 :3O p. m.. August 0. 11. 17. 23. 26, Sept. 4.
For Los Angeles (via Port Los Angele* and
Redondo), San Diego and Santa Barbara-
Santa Rosa. Sundays, 9 a. m.
State of California. Thursdays. A a. ra.
For Los Angelea (via San Pedro and East
San Pedro). Santa Barbara. Santa Cru*. Mon-
terey, S«n Simeon. Cayucos. Port Harfor«
(£an Luis Obispo). Ventura and Huenem*.
Coos Bay. 9 a. m.. August 5. 13, 21, S3,
Sept. 6.
Bonlta. 9 a. m.. Aug. 17, 23. Sept. X
For Ensenada, Magdalena Bay. San Jo»« del
Cabo, Mazatlan. Altata. La Paa. Santa Ro-
salia. Guaymas (Mex.). 10 a. m.. 7th ot eac&
taonth.
For further Information obtain folder.
Right is reserved to change steamers or sail-
ing dates.
TICKET OPFXC.CS— 4 New Montgom-
ery street (Palace Hotel), 10 Market street and
Broadway wharf.
Freight office. 10 Market street.
C. D. DUNANN. General Passenger Acmt.
10 Market St.. San Fraadaea.
O. /?- & TV. CO.
"Columbia" sails Aug. 21. 31. "George XT.
Elder" calls Aug. 18. 20. Only steamship l!n»
to PORTLAND. OR., and short rail line from
Portland to all points East. Through tickets
to all points, all rail or steamship and rail, at
LOWEST RATES. Steamer tickets lnclud*
berth and meala Steamer sails foot of Spear
«t. at 11 a. m. S. F. BOOTH. Gen. Ajrt. Pasa.
Dept.. 1 Montgomery at.: C. CLIFFORD. Gen.
AKt. Frt. Dept.. 3 Montgomery »t.
TOYO KISEN KAISHA,
(ORIENTAL STEAMSHIP CO.)
Steamer* will leave wharf, corner First and
Brannan streets; at 1 p. m.. for YOKOHAMA
and HONGKONG, calling at Kobe
Nagasaki and Shanghai, and connecting at
Hongkong with steamers for India, etc Ka
cargo received on board on day of sailing.
S S AMERICA MARU
Wednesday. August 20, 1803
S. S. HONGKONO MARU (calling at Ma-
nila) Saturday. September 19. 1903
8. S. NIPPON MARU
Thursday. October 15. 1903
Via Honolulu. Round-trip tickets at reduced
rates. For freight and passage, apply at Com-
pany's office. 421 Market street, corner First.
W. H. AVERT. General Agent.
S S SIERRA, for Honolulu, Samoa. Auck-
'laniS and Sydney, Thursday. Aug. 27. 2 p. m.
S 8 ALAMEDA. for Honolulu, Sept. 5, 1\ a.nu
S* 8* MARIPOSA. for Tahiti. Sept. 20. 11 a. m.
4J..PlEBttU*Bin.C3.,l8ti.ri4itflfflc«,e43ftrti!a
frdBbt8tSn.l2S larbtSL.Phrli l.ttaUll
COMPAONIE GEHERALE TSAKSATLA5TIQUX.
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARia r~i^
Sailing every Thursday Instead al «MKrdfQk
Saturday, at 10 a. xn.. from Pier 42. «JWWB
North River, foot of Morton street.
First-class to Havre. $70 and upward. 8eo-
ond -class to Havre. |45 and upward. GEN-
ERAL AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES AND
CANADA. 32 Broadway (Hudson Building).
New York. J. F. FUOAZI A CO.. Pacific Coaat
Agents. 6 Montgomery avenue. San Francisco,
Tickets aold by all Railroad Ticket Agent*.
Max* Island and. Vailejo Steamer*.
Steamer GEN. FRISBIE or MONTICELLO—,
0:43 a. m.. 3:15 and 8:30 p. xn.. except Sunday.
Sunday. 8:43 a. m.. 8:30 p. m. Leave Vailejo.
7 a. m . 12:30 noon. 8 p. m., ex. Sunday. Sun-
day 7 a. m., 4:1ft p. m. Far*. BO cent*. Tel.
Main 1508. Pier 2. Mlsslon-st. dock. HATCH
BROS.
AMUSEMENTS.
UNION COURSING PARK
A. DEAN. Judge. , J. P; GRACE. Slipper.
To-Day, Sunday, Aug. 23, 1903
yjj] PUPPY STAKE jjjj
l§\ CHAMPION H0UNDJ4R
...TOTAL PRIZE MONEY...
$1000— $1000
SPECIAL TRAIN SERVICE— Leaves Third
and Townsend streets at 10:15 a. m. and 1 p.
m; Twenty-flfth and Valencia streets five min-
utes later. Returning Immediately after the
last course. San Mateo electric cars direct to
the Park every four minutes during the day.
"EVERYMAN"
To the Editor of the Public Ledger. Phila-
delphia: :•..¦¦ ' t ;
Kindly permit me, through, your columns,
to urge with all possible emphasis, every
student of dramatic literature, every lover
of the drama, every reader of the history
, of manners and customs, every student of,
theological history, every Protestant cler-'
gyman, with hi9 congregation; every Ro-
man Catholic priest, with his congrega-
tion, to see the old fifteenth century mor-
ality of "Everyman." Never again may
such an opportunity be offered. Not to
have seen It ought to be a lifelong regret
to all thoughtful minds. '
HORACE HOWARD FURNESS.
LYRIC HALL— Edd y> above Mason
Commencing Wednesday. Sept.2
Chas. Frohman presents the Morality Play,
"EVERYMAN"
Every evenlnpr (except Sunday) at 8:30;
afternoons, Thursday and Saturday,
at 3.
Box office Sherman. Clay & Co.'s.
j next Wednesday, August 26.
Reserved Seats $2.OO. S1.5O, $1.
Special rates for societies and colleges.
First performance under the aus-
pices Channing Auxiliary.
IfAbLFORNI^f
1 _P ALL THIS WEEK! \f-\
\J Owing to the enormous ¦ ¦
success, the • P ¦
7 c NEILL-MOROSCO CO. 7^
.!«/ W1U cont i nue tne great war AO
50 play * 50
ZZ "SHENANDOAH" ,^
IXa/ Don't miss the marvelous jCO
1 battle scene. It's the talk
I of the town. Special matt-
IfW nees Thursday and Saturday flBB
|| ¦ I — MRS. DANE'S DEFEXSK. JjL,
11 HE AT FUJI
High-Class Specialties Every Afternoon and
Evening in the Theater.
THE .JUGGLING MATHIEUS; EDWARD
POULTER; HODGES AND LAUNCH-
MERE: BANDV AND WILSON; HARRY
BAKER: JESSIE DALE. AND NEW MOV-
ING PICTURES.
FIVE BABY LIONS IN THE ZOO.
AMATEUR NIGHT. THURSDAY.
SEE THE
"Mystic Mirror Maze."
ADMISSION. 10c; CHILDREN. Be
MISCELLANEOUS AMUSEMENTS,
Giiliil
TO NAPA
On the steamer" St Helena; will .leave Wash-
ington-street wharf on SUNDAY, August 23,
10a. m.: taking In all points of Interest; danc-
ing and music. Round trip. 00c.CLEVER YOUNG PEOPLE WHO WILL- CONTRIBUTE TO THE PRO
GRAMME TO BE RENDERED THIS MORNING AT THE ANNUAL
RALLY OF FIRST PRESBYTERIAN CHURCH SUNDAY-SCHOOL.
OAKLAND. Aug. 22.— The funeral of
George H. Reader, who was drowned
Thursday In the Russian River near San
ta Rosa, will be held at 2 p. m. to-mor
row from Foresters' Hall. Thirteenth and
Washlngtpn streets. The funeral will b«
under the auspices of the Ancient Order
of Foresters, of which order deceased was
a member.
Funeral of George H. Reader.
"Yes, we are going to settle out In tha
suburb."
"But why did you buy two sets of every
kitchen utensil?"
"Oh, one set Is for our own use and the
other for the neighbors when they coma
borrowing."— Chicago News.
Dr. A. L. Metz, professor of chemistry and
medical Jurisprudence of Tulane University,
New Orleans, visited the university to-day.
The library will be open evenings, beginning
with next Monday night. Up to this time It
has been closed on account of the Installation
of a larger transformer in the lighting appa
ratus.
BERKELEY, Aug. 22.— Mrs. Ellen Richards.
Instructor in sanltarr chemistry in the Massa
chusetts Institute of Technology, will lecture
In the students' observatory ct 4 o'clock Mon
day afternoon on "The Physical Basis of Suc
cess. "
UNIVERSITY EVENTS
OAKLAND, Aug. 22.— Samuel Dens
more, an insane man who was being tak
en from the asylum at Uklan to b« trans
ferred to Cincinnati, Ohio, escaped from
Ed Hoban. a trained nurse from Cincin
nati, this morning while on the way to
take the boat to San Francisco. The
mother of Densmore resides at 1943 State
avenue. Cincinnati. The escape has been
reported to the police.
Insane Man Eludes Keeper.
PBESIDENT WHEELEB
MEETS THE FRESHMEN
Beception Given to the Class of '07,
Which. Is Welcomed to the
University.
BERKELEY, Aug. 23.— President and
Mrs. Wheeler received the members of
the new freshman class at a reception
tendered in its honor this evening in
Hearst Hall. The five or six hundred
young men and women of '07 were for
mally Introduced to the hosts and wel
comed to the precincts of the university.
The freshmen were escorted "by the upper
classmen that went to the function. The
hall was simply decorated for the occa
sion and an orchestra made music.
Proposed Bond Election.
OAKLAND, Aug. 22.— The Committee on
Schoolhouses and Sites of the Board of
Education met last night in executive
session to consider the needs of the de
partment for increased school facilities.
The meeting was preliminary to the prep
aration of a report to the board with re
lation to the calling of a special bond
election.
More than usual interest attached to
the case because of the prominence of the
parties. The father was for many years
chief clerk in the customs department at
San Francisco and Attorney Whitney had
been his closest friend.
It was charged that Whitney had taken
advantage of his relations as attorney
for the estate of Miss Jerome's father to
Illegally take the ffioney and substitute a
promissory note for the coin. Friends of
the deceased Jerome took charge of the
matter and pressed it to the point of
causing Whitney's arrest.
' The charge of embezzlement against
Attorney Frederick E. Whitney, preferred
by Miss Ethel .Jerome, daughter of the
late E. B. Jerome, was dismissed to-day
by Justice James G. Quinn.
;¦ Miss Jerome testified that Attorney
Whitney 1 had made a settlement with her
of the amount Involved In her complaint
some $4000.
Whitney claimed that the transaction
which had caused the difficulty was a
business one and that no criminal intent
was involved. Upon the showing that
restitution had been made the case was
dismissed.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, Aug. 22.
Jorgenson has agreed with H. H. Blrk.
holm, the Danish Consul at San Fran
cisco, to no longer delay his return by
allowing attorneys to bring further legal
actions In his behalf.
Consul Birkholm is authority for the
statement that two years* imprisonment
is the maximum penalty for Jorgenson's
offense, and if he pleads guilty this is
cut in half. Besides this all the time
that he has been held In Jail here counts
on his sentence, . so it is calculated that
if he goes back and pleada guilty the ex
tent of his Imprisonment will be about
eight months.
The proceedings in court this morning
were brief. Consul Birkholm was pres
ent and was represented by Colonel
Thomas H. Barry and G. B. Somers of
San Francisco, while Jorgenson's attor
neys were Messrs. Scott and Taylor of
this city.
Julius Jorgenson's attorneys made a
last effort this morning to gain the re
lease of the defaulting bank clerk on a
writ of habeas corpus They were un
successful, however, and in charge of
United States Marshal Shine and Chief of
Detectives John Martin of San Francisco
he will, start for New York City In the
morning, as planned. With him will also
go his two children, a boy of 9 and a
girl of 11 years. Johanna Moeller, the
companion of Jorgenson In his flight from
Denmark, will be given a position in San
Francisco.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
111S Broadway, Aug. 22.
So far nothing has been seen of Dallsel.
but if he can be discovered no chance*
will be taken and he will be charged with
Insanity forthwith.
While admittedly insane by those who
have talked to him. It was not thought
that he was at all dangerous and hla de
mands were laughed at until his arsenal
was exhibited by him.
Little attention was paid to the man's
complaint and he was sent from pillar
to post about the buildings to tell his
story. He hung about the courts for sev
eral days and then disappeared. The mas
ter, however, took on another aspect tc
day when from a saloon In East Oak
land word was telephoned that Dallsel
had ¦ left a Colt'3 revolver and consider
able ammunition there the night before,
and when he returned some time later
he was siven hia weapon and then an
nounced that he had purchased the plntol
and 5100 worth of ammunition in San
Francisco for the purpose of killing the
Judges and Sheriff Bishop.
The man's name i3 W. H. Dallsel. and
on July 13 la^» he made the rounds of
the various Judges of the Superior Court
In an effort to have them oust Sheriff
John Bishop from office, alleging that
Bishop Is holding the office illegally and
that he (Dallsel) had been elected Sheriff
at the last election.
An Insane man, armed with a pistol, has
threatened to shoot the Judges and the
Sheriff of this county full of holes for
fancied wrongs, and a force of Sheriffs
deputies pcoured the city to-day in an
effort to secure him before he does any
harm. s^ 2 I
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1113 Broadway. Aug. 22.
Writ in His Behalf Fails
and He Promises to
Be Good.
Miss Ethel Jerome Testifies
That Restitution Has
Been Made.
Deputies Search City for W.
H. Dallsel, but Fail to
Find Him.
Jorgenson Has Prospect
of a Very Light
Sentence.
Charge of Embezzle
ment Is Heard by
Justice Quinn.
Insane Man Armed With
Pistol Wants to Be
Sheriff.
MUST ANSWER
FOR HIS CRIME
WHITNEY CASE
IS DISMISSED
SAYS HE WILL
KILL OFFICIALS
These are the Britsh birds in the
greatest danger of extinction: The
chough, golden ousel, hoopoe, osprey,
kite buzzard, bittern and ruff.
High-angle fire is that from guns at
all elevations beyond 15 degrees.
OAKLAND. Aug. 22.— The strike of the
employes of the rolling mills at the Jud
son Iron Works has been settled satis
factorily to the men, who will get an
increase of about 20 per cent in wages.
The agreement provides that all the men
¦hall return to their old positions. • '
Iron Works Strike Ended.
. Although Canada's situation among
the principal wheat-producing countries,
with respect to quantity, is humble, with
respect to quality, it is high. The out
put is also increasing steadily.
. In Turkey amber is supposed to be a
specific against the evils eflects of nico
tine. All Turkish ' pipes t have amber
mouthpieces.
OAKLAND, Aug. 22.— Suit for divorce
was instituted to-day by Margaret Sink
witz against William Slnkwitz on the
grounds of intemperance and extreme
cruelty. They were married in Stockton
in 190L Lizzie J. McConohy began Mi
vcrce proceedings to-day against Harry
E. McConohy on the ground of desertion.
They were married in 1897 and have one
child.
Wives Ask Divorce.
ALAMEDA, Aug. 22.— Farewell services
will be held in the First Presby ttrian
Church on Versailles and Central avenues
to-morrow. The old building that has been
used as a house of worship , for thirty
five years is to be torn! down, bo that
the material in the edifice that is suita
ble may be utilized in the new, home for
the congregation now being j erected on
Santa Clara avenue and Chestnut street.
The Rev. Frank S. Brush, J. E. , Baker,
C. H. Ham, P. W. Barton and John Ells
worth will speak during the services.
F*arewell to Old Church.
OAKLAND. Aug. 22.-The office 'of the
Polytechnic Business College in the Y.
M. C. A. building was broken into last
right and robbed for the second time
within two weeks, a small sum of money
being taken. Entrance was gained by
cutting the glass of the front door of the
office no that the spring lock could be
reached. The college was robbed of about
JJO on August 11 by some one who broke
into the safe during the noon hour.
Robbed for the Second Time.
BERKELEY. Aug. 22. -John I. Sabin,
president of the Sunset Telephone Com
pany, will be arrested a second time for
violating the ordinance regulating the
height of telephone wires from the street.
W. P. Grant, who is quarreling with the
telephone company over the cutting of a
cable, had Sabin arrested two weeks ago,
but the complaint was found to be de
fective by Justice Edgar and to-day Grant
was forced to swear out another.
New Complaint Against Sabin.
OAKLAND, Aug. 22.— The following
marriage licenses were Issued by the
County Clerk to-day: Henry W. Rich
ards, a years old, Kernvllle, and May
Thomas, 20, Mokelumne Hill; William E.
Ellis, over 21. and Elizabeth A. Love, over
IS. both of Fruitvale; Bernard Vargas, 23,
and Mary Serf a, 20, both of Alvarado;
Jacob Saxover. 23, and Lilly Ellerbeck, 27,
both of Bethany; Robert R. Murray, over
21. and Margaret Horn, over IS, both of
Mcndocino; Thomas Ryan, 2S, and Agnes
B. Kane. 36, both of San Francisco;
Thomas Myhre, over 21, Oakland, and
Mary 8ml th. over 18, San Francisco; Paul
B. Norton, 21. Sacramento, and Addle M.
Clark, over 18. San Francisco.
Marriage Licenses.
OAKLAND, Aug. 22.— While showing a
new pistol to some friends to-night F. J.
Stewart, business manager of the Oakland
Herald, accidentally exploded a cartridge,
the bullet inflicting a superficial wound
in Stewart's side. Stewart bought the
weapon to-day, and was displaying It to
L. W. Coombs and Frank Adams In his
rooms at the Hotel Crellln.
After the accident Dr. L. F. Herrick
was called and he found that the bullet
had struck Stewart's breast bone, being
deflected and passing out below the heart,
following the ribs.
Stewart. said he did not know the re
volver was loaded.
F. J. Stewart Inflicts Wound With
Weapon He Did Not Know
Was Loaded.
SHOOTS HIMSELF WHILE
EXHIBITING HIS PISTOL
Solemn high mass will be said at 10:20
o'clock a. m. Rev. Father Morrison will
be the celebrant The sermon will .be
preached by Rev. Father Canuillon. The
choir will be under the direction of Pro
fessor Adolph Gregory, and Mrs. Gregory
u-lU be at the organ. The soloists are
\V. H. Ballantyne, Victor F. Camand and
Miss F. Shean.
OAKLAND. Aug. 22.— Lorenzo Perosi's
celebrated "Missa Patrlarchales," which
was 6ung at the consecration of the Pat
riarch of Venice, now Pope Pius X, and
afterward rendered at Rome by the fa
mous Slstlne choir will be sung to-mor
row at St. Mary's thurch of the Immacu
late Conception.
Perosi's Famous Mass Will Be
Heard in Oakland for the
First Time.
MISS A PATRIARCHATES •
AT ST. MARY'S CHURCH
Some Have None, While in Others
Appellations for People and '" .
State Differ.
Some people are unaware 1 of the fact
that in most cases the nicknames of the
Inhabitants of the States are different
from the nicknames of the States. We
herewith submit a list of sobriquets of the
following States:
Alabama, Yellowhammers.
Arkansas, Toothpicks.
California, Gold hunters.
Colorado, Rovers.
Connecticut, Nutmegs.
Delaware, Muskrats. •
Florida, Fly-up-the-creeks.
Georgia, Crackers; also Buzzards.
Illinois. Suckers.
Indiana, Hoosiers, same as State.
Iowa. Hawkeyes, same as State.
Kansas, Squatters (obsolete), Jayhawk
ers, Freesoilers and (derisively during the
Civil War) Redlegs; also Grasshoppers
and Sunflowers. _,
Kentucky, same as State, Bluegraas;
sometimes Colonels.
Louisiana, Creoles.
Maine, Foxes.
Maryland, Craw-thumpers.
Massachusetts, Bay Staters and Blue
Stockings.
Michigan, Wolverines.
Minnesota, Gophers.
Mississippi, Tadpoles.
Missouri, Pukes (strictly Pikes).
Montana, Bonanzas. (Not general.)
Nebraska, Bug-eaters. (From the In
vasion of locusts.) _ -
New Hampshire, Granite Boys. '
New Jersey, Jersey Blues, Spaniards,
Crows, Clam-catchers.
Nevada, Sage Hens.
New York, Knickerbockers. ,
-North Carolina, Tar-heels, Tar-boilers,
Buffaloes, Tuckoes.
North Dakota, Sioux.
South Dakota, Coyotes.
Ohio, Buckeyes. j _ -.
Oregon. Webfoot: Hard Cases.
Pennsylvania. Pennamites; Leather
heads.
Rhode Island, Gunflints (old).
South Carolina, Weasels.^
Tennessee, once called Whelps; now sel
dom heard. The Indian name of the State
is curved stioon.
.Texas, Beef heads. . ,,
Utah, once Brigamites and Mormons.
Neither applies now and the inhabitants
have no nlcKnames.-
Virginia. Beadles. (Why?)
Vermont, Green Mountain Boys.
Washington, Chlnooks. •
West Virginia, Panhandlers.
Wisconsin, Badgers- ' . ¦
We find no nicknames for the States of
Idaho or Wyoming, nor any for their In
habitants. At the time of their admission
to statehood: in '1890, blth were called
Centennial States." But that was because
of the date of admission. The inhabitants
of these two States doubtless have nick
names for themselves , and also for their
States, but none appears in any of the
authorities consulted. - The same is true,
no doubt, of Utah.
Kansas was the only Territory that had
a nickname before it was admitted to
statehood.— New York Sun.
Edward H. Benjamin is the general
superintendent of the excursion. He will
be aided by a number of assistant super
intendents, one of whom will be stationed
at the end of each car in the special
train. They will guard against accidents
to the passengers. An orchestra will ac
company the excursionists and furnish
music for dancing. A social committee
of thirty members will have charge of
the excursion.
OAKLAND. Aug. 22.— "A social ex
cursion" will be given by the members
of the First Unitarian Church at Sunset
Park one week from to-day— August 29.
A long programme of races and games
has been prepared and prizes will be
awarded in all the events.
Members of the First Unitarian
Church Will Visit Santa
Cruz Mountains.
SOCIAL EXCURSION
TO SUNSET PARK
In the linen taffetas a hitherto unex
plored field Is now opened for the lovers
of the beautiful in connection with the
summer coverings or slips. The light
brown or natural linen colored ground
work Is more durable for this purpose
than the white, and the all-over patterns
are the most economical. Roses tied with
ribbon knots, garlands of flowers with
stripes of Contrasting colors and conven
tional designs are some of the styles that
Rre pretty for slip covers.— New York
Sun.
Cretonne has for a long time been used
for bedroom furniture coverings, but only
lately has it been adopted in other "rooms.
A daring use of a big flowered pattern
made up with red binding made a sum
mer parlor so distinctive that the idea is
worth repeating. Some of the art tick
ings have particularly pleasing designs,
small and well defined, that makes them
serviceable for certain pieces of furni
ture.
The ordinary gray or cream-colored slip
covers for furniture have been superseded
in the homes of those who know the lat
est and best fashions In house furnish
ings by attractive chintzes, linen taffetas,
art tickings and cretonne. The usual
spring cleaning has heretofore brought
out an array of somber toned coverings
that in some cases was retained far into
the winter, • and even in a few Instances
only put aside for occasions of formal en
tertaining. Now, with the rapid advance
in making the interior of the house beau
tiful, even the details of summer furni
ture coverings are not overlooked.
The old-style Hollands, when adopted
merely as a protection, from dust In a
closed house, answered very well, but
many homes make only a pretense of a
summer closing, part of the. family re
maining and making use of the rooms.
Under these conditions a little thought
and expense should bring into the
changes necessary for the season not only
the comfort that is imperative, but an
artistic element as well. A new material
that gives a crisp appearance to the fur
niture when made up into slips Is a
French linen embroidered with tiny dots.
This comes in fifty-inch goods at $1 a
yard, and its range of colors — blue, red,
green, heliotrope and brown— adapts it to
any color scheme that has been attempt
ed for the winter months. •
Modern Improvements in the Dress
of Furniture for
Summer.
o'clock. An interesting pro
gramme has been prepared, including rec
itations by Miss Elsie Krytser, Miss Mil
licent Dean and Miss Emily Hanson and
a cornet duet by Lester Melauiond and
Hadley Clarrage.
The idea of holding an annual Sunday
school rally originated with the Ohio
Sunday-school Association about five
years ago. The members of the associa
tion prepared programmes for rally day
services and urged the Sunday-schools to
use them and forward the offerings of
the day to the State Association for use
in the Sunday-school work. The Califor
nia State Sunday-school Association is
sues its programmes in July, giving am
ple time for preparation, for th£ rally
day 'services are not to be held until Au
gust. Now that this, day's programme
SIMPLE BUT ARTISTIC
SLIP COVERINGS
OAKLAND, Aug. 22.— The annual
rally of the First Presbyterian
Church Sunday-school will be
held' to-morrow morning at 9:30
NICKNAMES OP PEOPLE
OF THE SEVERAIi STATES
has become an important adjunct of Sun
day-school work there are a number of
people who make a special business of pre
paring matter for use in these services.
Among them is Miss Dora Burns of San
Jose, wh% under the nom de plume of
Elizabeth Cameron has written a large
number of rally day i poems. The best
poems written for the service last year
appeared in the International Sunday*
school Evangel, and of these three-fifths
were by Miss Burns.
The programme of the California Sun
day-school Association will be used by
the First Presbyterian Sunday-school to
morrow, and the entire offering will be
donated to the State organization.
The members of the Sunday-school have
been practicing the songs for several
weeks under Musical Directors Dr. Ray
E. Gi!son and Miss May Coogan. . . The
Sunday-school lesson for the day will be
read by H. W. Phelps. It is expected
that Charles R. Fisher, secretary of the
California Sunday-school Association, will
be present at the service and will deliver
a short address.
RICHMOND, Aug. 22.— The new Catholic
church, a pretentious structure, com
pleted at a cost of J1S.000, will be dedi
cated to holy service to-morrow morning
by Coadjutor Archbishop George Mont
gomery of the archdiocese of San Fran
cisco. The ceremonies will be elaborate
and a number of clergymen from San
Francisco and Oakland will take part.
High mass will be celebrated at 10:33
o'clock by the following named priests:
Celebrant, Rev. Father Cottle of St.
Erlgid's parish, San Francisco: deacon.
Rev. L. Serda, Sacred Heart parish, Oak
land; sub-deacon. Rev. E. Nolan, San
Pablo; master of ceremonies. Rev. T.
Mulligan of San Francisco. The pastor
tf the new parish is Rev. Martin P. Scan
.an. For many months much work has
been done to raise the funds necessary to
build the edifice. E. A. Garln of Oakland
Is the architect.
WILL DEDICATE HEW
CHURCH AT RICHMOND
Coadjutor Archbishop Montgomery
Will Officiate at Opening of An
other Edifice of Worship.
Ladies and Gentlemen : The people of Ala
tntda County thask you most heartily for the
T.-ork you did as their representatives ¦ in the
reception of the veterans of the Grand Army
of the Republic and their families yesterday.
Those of you who were on the committee of
trr8J>irem» > nts seemed to g1v« all your time and
»-nerKy for many days previous to the work
In hand. The contributions made it possible
to give the veterans a generous reception, and
the work of the ladles was not only most
rtrer.uous, but absolutely necessary to make the
reception a euece«s. Again thanking you la
behalf of the people. I am. very truly.
WARREN OLNEY. 'Mayor.
OAKLAND. Aug. 22.-Mayor Warren
Olney has sent the following communi
cation to the members of the Grand Army
reception committee:
Mayor's Office, Oakland. Cal.. August 22,
1003 — J. W. Evans, chairman; Edwin Stearns,
secretary; Theodore Gler, H. D. Row©, E.
Lehnhartt. J. D. H«meberry. I. A. Beretts,
Thomas Pearson, Oakland; Dr. T. Carpenter,
Alameda: H. B. Griffith. Berkeley; John Mc-
Coy. Haywards; and the people who contributed
and especially the ladies who gave their eerv
icee in preparing the luncheon and waiting
upon the veterans and their families:
Mayer Olney Expresses His Appre
ciation of Hospitality Shown
to the Visitors.
GIVES THANKS FOB
VETERANS' RECEPTION
After the honeymoon in Southern California
Mr. and Mrs. Bcagnelll will reside In Jollet,
IJL
The church ceremony was followed by a re
ception at the residence of Mr. and Mrs. F.
Antone, where seventy-five gnests assembled
to congratulate the happy couple.
An orchestra furnished music for the even-
Ing. Mi*s Alice Calvin also gave a number of
piano selections and Mrs. Blake-Alverson sang
several times In her usual bappy manner. A
wedding breakfast was served in the garden
in a large marquee, which had been elab
orately decorated with the national and Ital
ian colors.
Mrs. Blake-Alverson was matron of honor,
the bride being one of her favorite pupils, the
was gowned in black satin with garniture of
lace and jet over pink satin; a bonnet of black
lace and Jet trimmed with delicate pink roses
finished an effective costume. The bride was
given away by her brother. Frank Arena, and
her cousin, J. Cbauchaunelll, attended toe
groom.
The wedding of MIes Angelina Arena and
Rick Bcagnelll was solemnized last Sunday at
high noon in St. Anthony's Church, the Rev
Peter C. York officiating. Miss Sarah Chau
chaunelii served as maid of honor. She was
gowned in white organdie and lace and car
ried a bouquet of pink roses and maidenhair
ferms. Miss Lulu Antone carried a basket
filled with rose petals, with which j=he strewed
the pathway of the bridal company. The ring
bearer was Angle Chauchaunelli, a dainty miss
of 5 years.
The bride wore an Imported gown of white
chiffon, heavily embroidered over silk. Her
veil was caught up in graceful folds and
fastened with orange blovsoms. She carried
bride roses and maidenhair fern.
The Rev. C. E. Winning of Woodland was
the officiating clergyman and the happy couple
was attended by Miss Pauline Yancey and
Edgar Bonnemort.
A pretty wedding took place at the home of
Mr. and Mrs. John La Blanc, 972 Jackson
street, Tuesday evening, August 18. The con
tracting parties were William Virgil Cowan
and Miss Lena Marsac, both of Port Jones,
Slsklyou County. The bridegroom Is the son
of Dr. Charles S. Cowan of Fort Jones and
was appointed to the West Point Military
Academy from the First Congressional Dis
trict after passing the competitive examina
tion with high honor*. Mrs. Cowan is the
only daughter of Mr. and Mrs Charles Morsao
end was born at Fort Jones, where her mother,
who was present at the wedd-lng, stiM resides!
The La Blanc home was prettily decorated
for the occasion.
Mrs. Cotton is to be the guest of honor next
Tuesday at a luncheon and card party which
is to be given by Miss Agnes McLaughlln.
Mr. and Mrs. E. J. Cotton are In 6anta
Cruz, where they are being entertained con
siderably. They were guests at the birthday
dinner which was given at CapHola by Mr.
P. A. Hihn and at which 150 covers were laid.
The dinner was a very elaborate affair. The
decorations were In yellow. An orchestra
played during the repast.
The senior Snook is a member of the O. A.
R. and his son belongs to the Sons of Vet
erans and served In the Philippines during the
late war. He Is now on his way to Manila to
e*rve there as a missionary of the Presbyterian
church.
There will be a pleasant family reunion next
Tuesday evening at the home of Mrs. 'William
S. Snook on Thirteenth street, when a large
number of relatives will assemble to greet Mr.
and Mrs. J. J. Snook and their son, the Rev.
J. Eugene Snook, all of Rochester, Mich.
Among those present were Mrs. Burr, Miss
Jewett. Mrs. Dyer, Mrs. Granger, Mrs. Crane,
Mrs. Aiken. Mrs. Ellsworth, Mrs. Ford, Mrs.
Clough. Mrs. Tllden, Mrs. Tyson, Mrs. Ogden,
Mrs. Roach, Mrs. Chlttenden. Mrs. Volmer,
Mrs. Hudson. Mrs. Mowry. Mrs. Hale, Mrs.
Jarvifc, Mrs. Decoto. Mrs. Brown, Mrs. Emer
son. Mrs. Roes, Mrs. Plummer, Mrs. Lernhart,
Mrs. Bunting, Mrs. Overacker, Mrs, Huxley,
Mrs. McClure, Mrs. Haley, Mrs. Homer, Mrs.
Rogers and Mrs. Gregory.
Mrs. Layson was the hostess at a large tea
recently at her country home In Arden. Miss
Gertrude Judd. the whistler, and Misses Edith
and Ruby Moore, vocalists, contributed musi
cal gems to the afternoon programme. Mrs.
Layson was assisted in receiving by Mrs. Haw
ley, Mrs. Beard, Mrs. Allen. Mrs. Miller, Mrs.
Donaldson, Mrs. Edwin Hawley and Miss Haw
ley.
• « •
The ruesta included Dr. and Mrs. A. F.
Merriman, Dr. and Mrs. H. P. Carlton. Mr.
and Mrs. E. D. Crandall. Mr. and Mrs. R. S.
Kitchener, Dr. and Mrs. Lionel Schmltt of
San Francisco. Mrs. Herbert Gasklll. Misses
Elizabeth and Geraldine Bcupham. Miss Net
tie Stevens. Miss IVllhelmlna Koenlg, Miss
May Morrison, Lowell Redfleld, Mr. McCan
dllsh. George Lackey. Mr. Warren. Dr. Morey,
Charles Dunsmoor, Stewart Mlddlemas and Dr.
E Udder.
OAKLAND, Aug. 22.— Mr. and Mrs. Charles
Evans (ceo Stoneslfer) cav* a very pleasant
affair last evening at their horn* on Tenth
street, the guests mainly being the friends
who had joined In giving Mr. and Mrs. Dvans
a beautiful punch bowl on the occasion of
their marriage a few months ago. The punch
bowl was christened last evening and the
evening agreeably passed in the enjoyment of
several games of "sixty-three" and music by
the Orpheus Quartet.
The winners of prizes In the card games
were Mrs. Merriman. Mrs. Gasklll, Lowell
Redfleld and Dr. Morey.
EVENTS IN SOCIETY
This letter Is taken to mean by the
City Trustees that the next conference
of the representatives of the railroad cor
poration and of the people of Alameda
will be held here. All of the ether con
ferences between the members of the cit
izens* advisory committee, the City Trus
tees and the officials of the Southern
Paclflc took place in San Francisco. Ar
rangements will be made to fix the date
for th* next conference as soon as prac
t!cable. It Is probable that it will occur
during the coming week.
Our Mr. Shay has been requested to take up
with you personaJly the question of a date for
conference with the board In your city.
ALAMEDA, Aug. 22.— Manager Julius
Kruttschnitt of the Southern Pacific Com
pany has addressed the following letter
to City Clerk James W. Gillogly under
yesterday's date:
Tour cotcmanJcation of August 19. incloelnjf
copies of two ordinances granting franchises
embodying th* idea* of the Board of Tru«t*«»,
has been received and referred to our legal de
partment. ,
Work on the underground road through
the hills progressed so rapidly to-day that
the workmen were able to cut the last
section, making an aperture large enough
for a man to pass through. Supervisor
Rowe said the cut would enabl« the men
to get better air and that work would be
pressed rapidly. He expects the road to
be completed within two or three weeks.
OAKLAND, Aug. 21— Supervisor H. D.
Rowe this afternoon passed through the
tunnel road, being the first person to walk
through the cut between Alameda" and
Contra Costa counties.
Manager of Southern Pacific
so Notifies Alameda
Officials.
Supervisor Rowe Walks From
Alameda Into Contra Costa
Beneath a Mountain.
Last Cut in Underground
Driveway Connecting
Two Counties.
Kruttschnitt Is Willing
to Confer About
Franchises.
READY TO MEET
CITY TRUSTEES
TUNNEL ROAD
NEAR COMPLETION
THE SAN- FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, AUGUST 23, 1903.
Interesting Programme of '% Recitations and
Music Will Be Given to Entertain and the
Offerings Are to Further Church Work
GREAT SUNDAY-SCHOOL
RALLY TO BE HELD TO-DAY
38
ttffe W^f^^'fr'f-^i^rtl Hi^gMLsiMswf^-^ MsHFs^tsfcffWE :^MaWiBKff t L'| l Zr rnsMrii isMitiw^ wHattTt i' sgfc'i'-^'^'^iTi u^uuJXStiimMmUmr^m?Smr*^'**' i SS^XM^2^I^^tm —
Swell Fruit Study 1
FOB YOUR DINING ROOM J
Big sifflBifSi :^^^8MliBap^^g^M^WH9BBMHj|i
Free Call Art Supplement Next Sunday.
, 0. P. Beam has won a reputation surpassing that of any other artist
In this. country as a painter of fruit "Just Gathered" Is characteristic of
his best style, which does not depend upon imitative ability alone for its * .
excellence, ,but combines qualities of effect, composition and color har-
mony, which give his works a pictorial interest not usually found in. still-
life paintings.
In this picture the plums lie in the grass as if they had been freshly III
plucked from the tree, with the bloom still on them, while a ray of sun- l'|
light falling on some of them and on a portion of the grass gives effect ||
and variety of color to the composition. There is something infinitely P|
more pleasing in this suggestion of a natural environment than to the |j
- conventional arrangement of a still life with a meaningless background, Jj
which is so common in most representations of fruit and flowers. j£j
"Just Gathered" was formerly owned by Catherine M. Whita of H- H
linois, who bequeathed it to the Chicago Art Institute, in whose perma- El
' nent collection it now is. "It was selected by a committee appointed by the <H
art institute, along with a picture by William Hart, from a number of- |]
fered in the bequest. fj
Ask your news agent for the SUNDAY CALL. : «
TRAIN NEWS AGENTS AND ALL NEWSDEALERS SELL THE CALL |
Price 5 Cents. Price 5 Cents. Price 5 Cents. |
THEY ARE FRAMING THE CALL ART SUPPLEMENTS 1 1
L___ The Following Art Dealers Are Making a Specialty of Framing Call Art Supplements: - 1
SACRAMENTO— Hevener, Mier. & street; Gage's art store, 509 East Main SAN DIEGO— W. P. Fuller & Co., 71 1
Co., 615 J street: C. N. Davis, book street; Weber's art Btore, 425 East P street I
Btore. 817 K street. i Main street. FRESNO— Sronce A Dick. B
PETAL.UMA— H. B. Gutennute, J. JIARYSVILI^E— Q. TV. Hall. " REDDING^W. H. Bergh. "Bersfa £
M. Wyckoff. >. ..OAKLAND— E. J. Saake. 13 Tel*- Furniture Company": T. J. Houston. 8j
' SAN JOSE— George Denne, M. Len- eraph avenue; A. A. Barlow, SS3 Houston Furniture Company. £i
cen & Son. . . Twelfth street. REDWOOD CITT— W. t,. Kline. 0
, STOCKTON— Morris Bros.' book ALAMEDA— C. P. Magocncs. 1JM SANTA CRUZ— H. E. Irish. Cook* H
•tore, 20 North Er Dorado street; Park street. Dro«.. F. R. Hew, George Hoban. K
Btockton Racket store, 711. East Main CHICO— Fetters & Williams. JACKSON— E. G. Freeman C» SW
;¦-•,.-- ..¦•....-• - ¦ -- ."¦...¦¦. - ' - - - - • . . flHWheat and Other Grains.
The week closed on a quiet and featureless
market, business being light on all the ex
changes, with no fluctuations worthy of com
ment.
Sales on the California Exchange last week
were 42.753 shares, valued at $27,740. the lead-
Ing sales being as follows: Chicago Crude.
1000 shares; Claremont. 1200; Home, . 13,573;
Junction. 2S46; Lion. 2000; Occidental. 6725; OU
' S K 3 2 2 <
w s- n£ -;» o:T oi
Iljf-SS %. 1 3
STATIONS. 2 3 S 3 §5- 5 P" o.
Cloverdale .... 83 28 .... Clear
Ocluea * 3 O0 .... Clear S
1,,pU G4 C« .20 Clear SW J*
Fresno 02 00 Clear NW 06
Hanford 95 S3 .... Clear
Hollhuer S7 48 .... Clear W
Independence .62 68 .... Clear SB 0«
King City 89 40 Clear N Fr
Livermore .... 63 C5 .... Clear . ... ..
I -^ Angeles... *0 04 .... Clear SW OS
Napa 83 M .... Clear SW .r
Sterling Exchange, sixty days.. — $4 83*4
Sterling Exchange, sight ;— 4 86%
Sterling Exchange, cables _, 4 87H
New York Exchange, sight — 7U
New York Exchange, telegraphlo — * 10 --.
Sliver, per . ounce -;......' — 65%
Mexican Dollars, nominal — 42
Exchange and Bullion.
Fruit and Wheat Bulletin.
For the twenty-four hours ending 5 p. ra.,
I2!nb meridian time. Ban Francisco, Aug. 22:
Trading In fruits was active owing to the
additional requirements of retailers for the
Sunday trade, and fancy fruits, such as Straw
berry Freestone Peaches and fine wrapped
Bartlett Pears, met with a steady demand at
good prices. The general feeling, however, was
decidedly weaker than on the preceding day.
owing to the heavy supplies of poor stock, and
prices of the common run of . offerings tended
downward. Clingstone Peaches In small pack
ages were neglected and there was a sharp
drop In prices of both clings and frees In large
open boxes. The canners were handling only
email quantities' Of Peaches,- but purchased
freely of fine Pears and choice Egg Plums and
Silver Prunes. Common Apples continued ' very
dull and there was very .j little .- inquiry for
Plums in small packages. Figs were In free
supply and continued to sell at Irregular prices
as to variety and size of package, .while choice
Nectarines were steady at the . previously
quoted rates. No more Pomegranates came In,
but offerings that were received on the pre
ceding day sold slowly at 75c®$l per box.
Quinces appeared from Sonoma County and
were offering at 65@75c per box, but as the
stock was too green to Invite custom few sales
were reported. Grapes were offering freely and
were moderately active at a wider range of
prices. The Wine Grapes . that arrived on
Friday, were selling slowly at $25@2G per ton.
The market was overloaded with Cantaloupes
and ¦ Nutmeg Melons and some dealers were
trying to force sales by selling below the
quoted rates. Watermelons were active at
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
Neiv York Cotton Market.
NEW YORK, Aug. 22. — The cotton market
opened steady at unchanged prices to 3 points
lower and closed dull within 3 or 4 points of
the Initial level.
St. Louis Wool Market.
6T. LOUIS, Aug. 22.— Wool— Quiet and
weak. Medium grade combing and clothing.
10@-Jl%c; light fine, 16@l"%c; heavy fine, 12©
15%c; tub washed. 20©29>ic
NEW YORK. Aug. 22.— The volume of trans
actions In metals to-day as a whole was small
and the market showed no. new features of
Importance. Prices In all cases held steady at
yesterday'B last bids. Copper — Lake, $13 t>"2fci
©13 70; electrolytic. $13 50@13 C2&; casting.
$13 37%@13 eo. Tin— Firm; epot. $28 S7y.@
28 «2'/4. Lead — Steady; spot, $4 25. Spelter- —
Firm; $0. Iron — Unchanged; quiet and nom
inal. , V
Nezv York Metal Market.
flock — Sales, nigh. . Low. Close.
Atchiscn .-. 18,400 61% «0% 60%
Atchison r'd 100 fcSHt SS*4 88>|
NEW TGRK STOCK LIST.
Tb* Financier tuls week says: The most
striking feature of the statement of th* New
York Associated Banks last week was the in
crease of $9,599,300 In loans. This was ex
plained by the character of the business on
the Stock Exchange early In the week, when
there was large buying of securities for in
vestment and speculative accounts, calling for
Increased accemmodation from the banks. This
buying of stocks and other securities in the
previous week was also large, but lt was not
then reflected In the loan Item, as was ex
pected, for loans showed an Important decrease
It seems probable - that as ' loans must have
been largely Increased In the latter part of
that week through stock operations the loan
item was then made up on rising averages
which were reflected In this Item last week
The loans were also Influenced by the Important
Increase of $3,096,800 by tbe Western National
Bank of the United States, which increase was
probably due to operations Incident to the In
tended merger. The net cash gain by the banks
as reported by last . week's statement was
$2,106,400, while the estimates based on the
traceable movement of money during the week
Indicated a gain of $3,500,800. This Is not
only an unexplalnable discrepancy of $1,400 400
thown by these figures, but also the Important
unaccounted for difference of $3,700,500 be
tween the official and the estimated figures of
tbe previous week, which difference was not
corrected In last week's statement. The de
posits Increased $10,446,700, which amount is
less by $1,259,000 than that called for by tho
sum of Increase In loans and the net gain In
cash; hence the statement does - not balance.
The required reserve was augmented $2,611,675
through the Increase In -deposits; deducting
•NEW YORK, Aug 22. — The statement of
averages of the Clearing-house banks of this
city for the week shows: Loans, $917,944,900;
Increase, $9,399,300. Deposits, $913,782,000; in
crease. $10,440,700. Circulation, $43,068,000;
increase, $37,700. Legal tenders, $75,324,000;
decrease. $1,441,900. Specie, $174,179,200- In
crease, $3,548,800. Reserve, $240,503,800- In
crease, $2,100,400. Reserve required, $228,445 -
500; increase. $2.611,tt75. Surplus, $21,058 300
decrease, $505,275. Ex-United States deposits
$30,370,050; decrease. $498,400. *"»««.
Associated Banks' Statement.
Following were the sales on the Pacific Stock
Exchange yesterday:
Morning Session.
500 Con Cal & V.I 23t 300 Savage 25
500 Cn New York. 13 300 Sierra Nev... 63
300 Crown Point. 16 500 Stiver Hill.... 69
300 Gould & Cur. 33 300 Union Con ... 67
500 Mexican 1 03 200 Yellow Jack.. Sjj
TONOPAH MINING EXCHANGE.
Following were the sales on the Sao Fran
cisco and Tonopah Mining Exchange yesterday:
Mornlnx Session.
6000*Esperanza ... 0511000 Hannapah ... 25
100 Gipsy Queen.. 27 100 MacNamara . 2t>
100 Gipsy Queen.. 2C| 200 Ton & Cal... 33
TONOPAH MINES.
Bid. Ask. [• Bid. Ask.:
Esperanza ... 0-1 05, Ton Belmont.1 SO 1 f».V
• ilpsy Queen.. — 20,Ton & Cal... 31 37:
Uucky Tom... — lliTon * G W.. — 10
MacNamara . — 20 Nevada Ton.. — 7 25
Mont Ton.1 07*4 1 12%iTon N Star.. 46 40
New York ... — lo Midway 40 43
Paymaster .. — 25 Utopia, — 3d
Rescue 09 101
PACIFIC STOCK EXCHANQB.
SATURDAY. Aug. 22—12 m.
Bid. Ask. , -i . Bid. Ask.
Alpha CO OS Justice 12 lt
Alta 04 07[Kentuck 02 CS
Andes 18 171 Lady Wash.. — Ct?
Belcher 30 32 Mexican 105 110
Best & Belch.l €5 1 73 Occidental ... 42 44
Bullion 02 OljOphir 1 «O 1 «3
Caledonia ...1 00 1 05 Overman .... 27 28
Challenge Con 27 28;Potosi 17 1»
Chollar 1« lHSavage 25 2<;
Confidence i.. »5 1 C0| Scorpion C2 C>
Con Cal & V.I 20 1 23 Seg Belcher . CO It
Con Imperial. 03 04 Sierra Nev... «4 €.»
Con NY. 12 13 Silver Hill .« 72 74
Crown Point. 15 lfiiSt. LouU 16 .IS
Kureka Con.. — 451 Syndicate ... — C<v
Exchequer ... 05 WjUnion Con .. «8 «S
Gould & Cur. 32 33 Utah 23 21
Hale & Nor. 44 46 Yellow Jack.. 57 C3
Julia 02 04
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
The Butter market closed weak, with all
holders more or less anxious to sell and most
of them making concessions. The -demand was
quieter than for a week past and the general
expectation was for easier prices during the
coming week. ¦ .
Cheese remains as previously quoted.
Eggs are quoted higher again, though noth
ing will bring 30c but very fine selected
rarch. Receipts are light and the demand
readily absorbs them. <¦«
Receipts were 31,800 lbs Butter, 711 cases
Errp P-nd 12,000 lbs Cheese.
BUTTER — Creamery. 27023c ; dairy. 22^@
20c; store Butter. 17©20c; Eastern, 22@2le.
CHEESE — New, VMlHoi Timing America. H
@15c; Eastern. 15<5jl6c; Western. 14©13c
per lb.
EGGS — Ranch. 29@30c for large white select
ed and 27©2Sc for good to choice; store,
22%@26c; cold storage. 25c; Eastern. 18®23c
per dozen.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
HOGS — Receipts to-day, 7000; Monday, 30,
000; nearly 10c hlcher. Mixed and butcher:-..
$5 15©5 S5: good to choice heavy, $5 40©5 C5;
rough heavy, $1 00(55 30; light, $5 50@610;
bulk of sale*. $5 20S3 C5.
SHEEP — Receipts, 1000. Sheep and lambs,
steady. Good to choice wethers, $3@3 CO; fair
to choice mixed, $2 2503; Western sheep, $2 80
€3 50; native lambs, $3 25@5 60; Western
lambs, $4@5 25.
CHICAGO. Aug. 22. — CATTLE — Receipts,
400; nominal. Good to prime Bteers, $3 15«p
5 00; poor to medium, $3 75®5; stockers and
feeders. $2 50ft4 25: cows. $l C0QS4 50;. heifers,
$2(34 S3; cannere, $1 50®2 60; bulls, $204 20;
calves, $3sjrt> 75; Texas fed steers, $3Oi 30;
Western steers. ?3tf4 40.
CHICAGO
Eastern Livestock Market.
SATURDAY. AUGUST 22.
Flour, qr sk*.*.'.: 7,175 Hops, bales .... 60
wheat, ctls 3.S36 Wool, bales .... 82
.Barley, ctls .... 4.69S Wine, gals 11.30O
Oats, ctls 1,431 Brandy, gals ... 8.200
Beans, sks S.i Tallow, ctls . ... 280
Dora, ctls 542 Hides, No ...... 700
Potatoes, sks ... 6.01.1 Pelts. No 333
Onions, sks .... 204 Leather, rolls ... 40
Bran, sks 1.310 Urn*, bbls 503
Feed, sks 400 [Quicksilver, fl*ks. 163
Hay. tons- 1.182
Receipts of Produce.
SUGAR — The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany, quotes as follows, per lb. In 100- lb ban:
Cubes, A Crushed and Fine Crushed, 5.73c;
Powdered. 5.60c; Candy Granulated. 5.60c; Dry
Granulated, fine. 5.50c: Drv Granulated, coarse.
5.50c; Fruit Granulated. 5.50c: Beet Granulat
ed (100-lb bags only). "6.40c: Confectioners' A.
5.50c: Magnolia A. 5.10c: Extra C. 5c: Golden
C. 4.90c: "D," 4.80c: barrels.- 10c more; half
barrels, 20c more: boxes. ROc more: SO-lb bags,
10c more for all kinds. Tablets — Half-barrels.'
6c; boxes. fi.25c per lb. No orders taken for
lees than 73 barrels or Its equivalent.
RED AND WHITE LEAD— Red Lead. t&
CVjC per lb; White Lead. CJJSUc. according to
quantity.
COAL OIL— Water White Coal Oil In bulk.
14c; Pearl Oil in cases.- 20%c: Astral. 20<4c;
Star. 20>4c: Extra Star. 24Uc; Elaine. 26Hc:
Eocene. 23Vic: deodorized Stove Gasoline, in
bulk. 17c; In casts. Zl'ic: Benzine. In bulk.
13c; In cases, 19%c: S<>-degree Gasoline, in
bulk. 21c: In cases. 27%e.
TURPENTTNE^ — 7Gc per gallon In cases and
70c In drums and Iron barrels.
BAGS — Grain Bags, 6@5l£c; San Quenttn,
5.55c; AVool Bags. 3fc@35c; Fleece Twine, 7H»
Sc; Cotton Fruit Bags, 6*tc. o^ and ?Vic fcr
the three grades.
COAL— Wellington. $S per ton; New Wel
lington. $S; Seattle, $6 50; Bryant. $6 50; Bea
ver Hill. $5 50; Stanford, $7; Roslyn. $7; Coos
Bay. $5 M); Greta. $7; Wallsend. $7; Rich
mond. $7 50; Cumberland. $13 In bulk and
$14 25 In Backs; Welsh Anthracite Egg. $1.1;
Welsh Lump. $11 SO; Cannel, $3 00 per ton;
Coke, $11 5U@13 per ton In bulk and $15 In
racks; Rocky Mountain descriptions. $3 45 per
2000 lbs and $8 50 twr ton. according to brand.
OIL — Linseed. 44c for boiled and 43c for raw
In barrels; cases. 5c more; Castor OU. In cases.
No. 1. 7Cc; Bakers' AA. $1 10©! 12; Lucol. 41c
for boiled and Sl'c for raw In barrels; Lard Oil.
extra winter strained, barrels. 90c; cases. 95c;
China Nut. 57*4®tS2c per gallon; pure Neata
fcot. In barrels. 75c; cases, 80c; Sperm, pure.
70c; Wfcale Oil, natural white. 50(g55c per ral
lon; Fish Oil. In barrels, 45c; Cases. 50c; Co
coanut Oil. - In barrels. 53c fcr Ceylon and 53c
for Australian.
General Merchandise.
On the Produce Exchanua to-day the butter
market was firm; creameries. 14@19c: dairies,
13©17c: eggs, steady at mark, cases Included,
14Vi@15&c; cheese, steady, 10igll>,ic.
e g s D » *s
¦ t-=? *:=• c 5" *,Z 2
o e'Ji. ¦» 2. •+& >~ %
f. =335.2 %l g
; • • • .
j ' • '. '. : ;
5* k «» - 29.78 72 f.2 N Clear loo
g«« 29.72 71 50 W CWr .<*(
Eureka 20.00 «4 «i0 NW Clear 20
Frwno 29. €8 I>2 60 NW Clear .00
Flagstaff 23.70 Ki U> W Cl«»r 00
Independence 2».5S J<2 w fe Clear 'id'
Los Angeles.. 2». 70 S6 C4 P\V _ <»l«ar "«>
Mt Tamalpals.29.90 «7 .%4 NW Clear *OO
North Head M
Phoenix 2».4« 108 ko W Pt.'cidy "of*
Pocatello, Ida.29.C0 88 CA W Clear IN)
Portland 29.88 CS 59 PW Pt.CIdy Yt
Point n>yes..29.t?2 «0 fa NW Fnrcv *oo
Red Bhiff 29.78 >*»} <2 FE Clear *00
Roseburg 23.94 72 56 W Pt.CIdy 04
Hacrarcento ..23.76 W Jit gw Clear OO
6a!t Lake 29.58 SS CS SE Clear ' (<n
Kan Francl8CO.29.S8 CS 64 W Clear "oo
S. L. Obl«po..23.82 K4 50 W Cletr "oO
San Diego 23.72 7H 06 SW Clear 'oo
Seattle 29.88 66 .. W Cloudy T
Spokane 29.84 P4 M E ClouJy .»s
Tatoosh 29. &0 fiO 62 W Cloudy .14
Walla Walla. .29. SO 74 «0 E Cloudy 02
Wlnnemucca .29.70 K2 40 W Clear *00
Yuma £9.50 110 Ki Eff CKar !oo
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
There ha« been an unusually rapid fall In
pressure over Arizon<t. Southern California and
Utah. At Phoenix the barometer is es low as
29.48 Inches. A etorm of the Scnora type will
probably move northward over the valley of
the Colorado. Another depr«^Elon is moving
rapidly acrocs Washington and Idaho. Gener
ous showers have fallen over the entire north
wettern portion of the country. At Portland i
thunderstorm with nearly half an Inch of rain
is reported. Thunderstorms with rain have
Alfo fxreurred In Utah.
The temperature bM fallen 10 de^.iecs over
I.si»t<-rn Washington and Northern I.iaho. It
.'.:-!• risen 20 decrees In Southern Hiho. II. t
w«-ather orevafU in the Mojave and Col«»ra!io
deserts.
Forecaft made at San Francisc^ Tor thirty
hours ending midnight. August 23:
Northern Calif crnia— Fair Sunday; warmer;
light southerly winds.
Southern California— Cloudy; wrmsr Sun
day: possibly showers in the mountain; ll;ht
Fiiuthrrly wind*.
Nevada — Cloudy Sunday; warmer; bntk
wrfterly winds.
Pan Francisco and vicinity— Fair Sunday:
lirht southwert, changing to brisk westerly
wirds with fcr. A. Q. McADIE.
* lrd8> CX District For,e«t,r.
The week closed on a dull and liberally-sup
plied Poultry market and a considerable quan
tity had to be carried over for Monday's mar
ket. Young stock, which was In free supply*
waa below the usunl standard of size and
there was continued dullnes In that line. Good
heavy Hens and large old Roosters were mod
erately firm, but the demand was nothing ex
tra. A car of Western Is scheduled for to
morrow's market.
Game continued to show the effects of the
warm weather In the Interior, a large portion
o? the receipts being tainted and otherwise
in poor condition. Receipts were liberal and
trade was quiet at previous prices.
POULTRY — Live Turkeys, nominal; Geese,
per pair, $1 2331 50: Goslings. $1 50©l 75:
Ducks. $3®4 per dozen for old and $3<$4 60
for younit: Hens. $4<2ff; young Roosters. $4©
r>- oid Roosters, $4 60@5: Fryers, $3«.T r>0:
Broilers, $3<tf3 50 for large and $2©2 50
icr small: i Pigeons, $1 50 per dozen for old
and $1 50®l 75 for Squabs.
GAME— Rabbits. $1 25®1 75 per doaen;
Hare, ?I@1 25; Wild Doves, 75c per dozen.
Poultry and Game.
Weather Report.
(iSOth Meridian — Pacific Timp.)
SAN FRANCISCO. Aur. 22. 5 p. 'm
SAX FRANCISCO STOCK EXCHANGE.
Following were the sales on the San Fran
cisco Stock Exchange yesterday:
Mornlns Session.
200 Challenge Con 27 300 Sierra Nevada (13
100 Caledonia ...100 200 Silver Hill.... 72
4CO Con Cal & Va.1, 23 200 Union Con . . 83
200 Mexican 1 lw 10O Union Con. .. *."•
500 Ophir 163 200 Utah 23
200 Overman 2H 400 Yellow Jacket 5a
500 Potosl IS
Mining Stocks.
Stock— Bid. Ask.
Caribou Oil Co 15 80
Four Oil 7»
Hanford OU 130 00
Home Oil 133 1 4O
Imperial Oil 19 0i>
Independence Oil 17 18
Junction Oil 21
Kern Oil B 50
Lion Oil 03 04
Monte Crlsto OU 75 80
Monarch OU 55 58
Oil City Petroleum, ......... 30 ....
Peeriesn Oil 13 5O 11 CO
Reed Crude Oil 4O 42
San Joaquin Oil ............ 5 5O
Sterlin? Oil 2 90 3 0O
Thirty-Three Oil 8 00
Twenty-Eight Oil 3 75 4 25
Union Oil «8 CO
United Petroleum » US CO
West Shore Oil 3 00 S 29
Miscellaneous —
Abby Land and Impt 1 23 1 50
Alameda Sugar 29 0O
American Biscuit 80 OO 95 CO
American District Tel
Bay Counties Power ....
Cal Central Gas and Electric .... ....
Cal Cotton Mills ...* 87 00
Cal Jockey Club 105 CO '
Cal Powder
Cal Shipping Co 25 00
Cal Title Ins. and Trust 130 CO 14O 00
Central Bank of Oakland... 60 0O
Chutes Company 8 BO
City and County Bank ..... .... ....
Cypress Lawn Impt. Co 6 50
Eastern Dynamite «... ....
Ewa Sugar Plantation ....
Gas Consumers' Association. .... 22 50
Honolulu Sugar 20 00
London and S F Bank (Ltd.) .... ....
Mercantile Trust .... ....
Northern Cal Power , .... 9 50
Nevada National Bank ...... .... ....
North Shore Railroad 5 00 8 00
Orpheum Company 13 0O
Pacific States Tel and Tel 122 50
Paraffin© Paint 33 00 ....
Festal Device and Impt ....
San Francisco Dry Dock 47 0O ....
Sausallto Land and Ferry... 16 0O ....
Sperry Flour Company 2750 30 00
Standard Electric .... 13 0O
Truckee Electric 13 23 16 00
Union Sugar 22 50 ....
United Gas and Electric ... 34 50 ....
Western Fish Co ....
OFFICIAL SALES.
Morning Session.
Board —
100O Monte Cristo 73
125 Home 140
lCCOLIon 04
30 North Shore Railway 5 00
200 Home • 137%
1000 Chicago Crude 19
Street —
1000 Occidental IS
100 Sovereign 39
500 Monte Crlsto 73
ICO Home 140
California Stock and Oil Exchange
VEGETABLES — Green Corn, 75c<g$l 50 per
sack; crates from Alameda, $lf?l T5; from
Berkeley. 9Oc51$l 2!»: Green P*-as, 384c p*>r Ib:
String Beans. l@2c per Ib; Wax, l@2c;
Lima Beans, 1%@2%c per 1b; Tomatoes, $1<$
1 CO per box; Summer Squash, 3O#4Oc per box;
Calibape, 75cfl$l P*4" nl: Carrots. "r>csi*l per
sack: Cucumbers, 30@5Oc per box: Pickle Cu
cumbers. $1 25© I 05 rer box for No. 1 and 75c
©$1 for ethers: Garlic. 2@3n per lb: Green Pep
pers 25$? 40c per box or pack: Green Okra. 25(i?
40c per box; Egg Plant, 40@COc per box; Mar
rowfat Suuash, $20 per ton.
POTATOES— burbunks ircm the river. 75c0
$1 10 ner ctl In sacks and $Ufl 50 In boxca,
with some fancy hicher: Salinas Burbanks,
(1 r.i)3g I Tr. vht ctl: Karlv Rose. 8Oo@$l: Garnet
Chiles. $H?k 15; Sweet Potatoes. 3@3%c per
pound.
ONIONS — W5® 70c per ctl. »
Tomatoes were easier under Increased re
ceipts.and.a limited demand, dun chiefly to
the previous high prices. There was quite a
surplus unsold at the close and choice stock
could be bought on the wharf In the afternoon
at 75c per box. String, Wax and Lima Beans
were In excessive supply and exceedingly dull.
Early arrivals of choice Green Corn met with
quick rale at full figures, but as much of the
stock arrived too late for the regular trade
and was of poor quality, tbe quotations still
had a wide ranee. Summer Squash was in
free supply, but moved freely at the long 1 es
tablished prices. Green Peppers and Okra
were a drug on the market and Cucumbers
ruled weak at easier rates.
River Potatoes were in ample supply and
dealers reported a quiet but steady market,
with prices Unchanged. \ There was very little
doing in the shipping line and the local trade
was of email volume, as usual on Saturday.
Salinas Burbanks were firmly held at the pre
vlouily quoted rates and : fancy lots found
quick sale.. Kweet: Potatoes were in f, air re
quest anu as supplies were limited prices
were maintained. Onions ruled easy .at un
changed rates. • < . *
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
HOGS — Live Hops, 140 to 200 lbs. 6©C%c;
under 1W lbs. 6%®5%e; Sows, 20 per cent off:
Boars. 50 per cent off. and Stags 40 per cent
off from above quotations.
The following quotations are for good, sound
Livestock, delivered in San Francisco, less 50
p«r cent shrinkage for Cattle:
CATTLE— Steers, 8$0c; Cows and Heifers,
7fi8c: thin Ccwn, 4@5c per lb.
CALVES — 405 %c per lb (gross weight).
EHEEP- Wethers. 4c; Ewts. 3%§3*c per ib
(gross weight).
LAMBS — Spring. $2 75@3 per head.
MUTTON— Wether*. SJfOc; Ewei, 8©8Hc p«r
pound.
LAMB— Sprine. 0^©I0c p«r Ib. ,
FORK — Drewed Hots, KViSOiJc per Ib.
LIVESTOCK MARKET.
VEAL— Large. "iffSc: small. 9310c per Ib
DK££SGU MEATS.
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers
are as follows:
BEEF — 6©7c for Stsers and 5®€c per lb
for Cows.
Cattle, Sheep and Hoes continue as before
quoted, the demand and supply about balancing.
Meat Market.
HOPS— 1903. 19fc20c; 1002. 17 %c per lb.
HIDES AND SKINS^ — Culls and brands sell
about l%c under quotations. Heavy Salted
Sseers, 10c; medium. 9c; light. 8c; Cow
Hides, 8c for heavy and 8c for light;
StaKs, 6c; Salted Kip, 9c; Salted Veal, 9%c;
Salted Calf, 10c: dry Hides, 16c; dry Kip, 13c:
dry Calf. ISc: Sheepskins, shearlings, 25<S:30c
each- short wool. 40@50c each; medium. 70®
9Cc: long wool. $1S1 50 each; Horse Hides, salt.
t'2 76 for large and $2 25©2 60 for medium. $2
for small and 50c for Colts; Horse Hides, dry.
?1 75 for large and $1 50 for medium. $1©1 25
for small and 5Oc for Colts. Buck Skins — Dry
Mexican. 32%c; dry salted Mexican. 2tic: dry
Central American. 32 %c. Ooat Skins — Prlmo
Angoras, 75c: large and smooth. 50c; medium,
S5c; small. 20c.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered. 4%34%c per lb-
No. 2. 4#4>ric; grease. 2%ig3c.
WOOL — Fall clip — San Joaquin Lcmbs*. 9@
12c: Foothill. 10®12c; Middle County, ll@13c.
Quotat'on* fcr spring clip are aa follows: Hum
boldt and MendocJno, lS©20c; Nevada. 13313c:
Valley Oregon. 3n». I8gl9c; do. medium, 17@
ISc: do, coars«. 16tfI7c per lb.
The situation remains as before, Hides being
weak and Hops and Wool firm and moving
oft well.
Hides, Tallow, Wool and Hops.
With the ceffiation of the forced selling of
collateral out of loans, a violent rebound was
to b« expected v. he;i the Ion? standing bear
account began to cover. With the satisfaction
of the demand from uncovered shorts it wm
natural that there should be augmented sell
ing pressure by those seeking to take profits
who had been buyers at the low level. The
market of the early part of the week showed
plainly enough that many of th«E« buyers at
the low level were capitalists of large re
sources and with skilled market managers on the
fio-r of the Stock Exchange to guard their in
terests. The upward rebound in prices was
thus prolonged to eome extent. Before the
middle of the week the manipulation had be
come violent and the uprush oi prices so fever
ish as to arouse distruvt. Subsequent events
proved that there had been very heavy profit
taking under cover of whipping up of the
market, and the supporting tactics were after
werd withdrawn. The reaction was correspond
ingly violent and sudden. Hut lt gav« rise to
none of tb* uneasiness and rumors of busi
ness disantrs that had become so prevalent
at the lower levels of the market. The reac
tion was an admonition not to be mistaken that
the exigencies which were being prepared for
by the long liquidation were real exigencies
aaii that the rebcurciw provided to meet them
were not to be safely dissipated at once in
w!M speculation again. The course to be ex
pected cf the market In the absence of im
portant Influence* would be a lessening series
cf fluctuations follow«-d by a period of dullness
and sluggishness. The tightness of the money
market and the expectation of the early de
velopment of the reasonable Interior demand
for currency to move the crops are factors like
ly to tend to this result. The course of In
terior exchange during the week has pointed
unmistakably to the conclusion that money is
beginning to move from New York and that
the balance will shortly turn In favor of the
interior. A timely event in view of this de
velopment wab th» arrival at San Francisco
of nearly $2,000,000 of Australian gold, which
was made Immediately available to New York
bar.k v series by telegraphic transfer through
the meOum of the Treasury Department It
so happened that in the final upward spurt of
prices en stocks much was made by the bull
leaders that the Colombian Senate had finally
rejected the Panama canal treaty and that
an agreement had b*en reached for the passage
through the coming session of Congress of a
comprehensive currency measure. The subse
quent news that the Panama canal treaty wag
still available for adoption by the Colombian
Legislature and the report that disagreements
would limit tbe possible action by the
next session of Congress on the currency
therefore disappointed the speculators who had
bought stocks on these accounts and aggravated
the reaction. The effect of the Panama canal
news was not due to any views held on the
larger political and commercial bearinjrs of
the project, but to Its probable Immediate
effect? on th<? money and exchange market
It was argued that the defeat of the treaty
would relieve a drain on the foreign exchange
markft to provide remittances In payment of
the $40,000,000 due to the Panama Canal Com
pany and the $10,000,000 due to the Colombian
Government under the terms of the treaty and
wouM leave the Treasury Department with re
s*r;rets to relieve the money situation. The
effect of the financing of these payments has
been a rather obscure problem In Wall street.
The foreign exchange rate has moved deci
sively away from the gold Import point during
the week, partly on account of protective
measures adopted by foreign money markets
and partly owing to large nellinff of stocks
her* for foreign account, London having Joined
freely in the movement to take profit on Iarge
accounts accumulated in the later stages of
our decline. There has been some brighter
feeling In the Iron trade, notwithstanding an
other cut In the price of Southern pig Iron,
as report* are had of some Increase In demand
at last appearing on account of the lower range
of prices. An advance In the price of copper
has also been an event of Influence on the
stock market. Railroad earnings have made a
satisfactory showing. Railroad officials \ con- '
tlnue. to express confident views of the outlook
for traffic. The business of the country at '
large f>eems to lie stilt unaffected by the con
traction In Wall street, with the exception of
Fcattered failures of some small banks through
the country which produced an unpleasant Im
pression.
Prices of bonds rose but slightly !n sympathy
with a recovery In clocks and have been cor
respondingly little affected by the reaction In
stocks.
Quotations on call for United States bonds
have been unchanged.
The upward reaction In stocks which devel
oped in tbe early port cf the month reached
its limit this week, and there has been a sharp
downward reactlua. Tlie successive tluctua
tioiis seem U> be the normal tequel to th» pro
ii-r.fc. i; c.iI.jk- lather than a rei<pon»e to any
tefW Uictora in the (situation.
in the last three months. There was a slight
trilling out ot stocks >.n the publication ol tlM
'. a'.k tlatern* r.t, as the iarge loan increase wan
a ¦;:.-„, i«i;:.tr.;.-.u. but the roum Ehorts In the
narrow market covered again before the clos
ing, which was steady anj airncst stagnant.
l'.ankeis are Inclined to attribute the loan ex
;a!-.-;i.n to some corporate borrowings, but to
a Iarge extent to regular commercial demands.
tliese circumstances were of little Siirnlflcanct.
United Statts l!e.ilty prelcrred surtered from
the rumors preraicr.t that the next dividend
would be passed. Minneapolis, St. Paul and
£ault fete. Mane roe momentarily on the deu
laration of ifce Bnt dividend < n the stock,
then yielded on proQuk'cg. Favorable weather
and the review ui titi.Ia by mercantile ageuciea
were rrabsunng Esctota and the crop news had
nothing tiut-iiteniiijT in it. Attention was ai
tractea to the :tr« import or reimport move
mc-rt of craum thus far in order lor delivery
en cuiuacib owing 10 the existence of a corner.
This is in adverse factor in the exchange mar
ket. The K.r.ar.clai Chronicle i>oints out that
the municipal bend ir.arkct has suffered in
common u.th that for other securities Ircm
the dearth ai demand and estimates that no
less then l.'-."> oifcricgs of municipal br.nus
throughout the country have failtd of taKiliK
NEW YORK, Aug. 22.— The Stock Market
was practically idie to-day, a larKe portion of
the membership being absent at the yacht
race or for the end of the week holidays out
of toun. A holiday on the Lon.Jon Stock Ex
chiLT-ge subtracted aUo from normal busi
ness. The Biugsibh movements of prices under
Nexv York Stock Market.
] There are some changes in Beans, most of
i them being reductions. The market continues
I quiet.
» HKANP — Bayos. *3: Pen. *-l 25: Butters.
' $1 25; small White. $2 75©3 05; large White,
j $J 75@2 85; Pink. $2 75@2 90; Red, $2 90@3;
' Lima ?3 25ig3 40; Red Kidneys, nominal;
Biackeye, ?2 G5@2 85 per ctl; Horse Beans,
t* 4U&1 50.
SEEDS — Brown Mustard, nominal; Yellow
Mustard, nominal: Flax,- $1 70®l 80; Canary,
' rtio'U: for Eastern; Alfalfa, nominal; Rape.
1%@2%c: Timothy. C®BVjC, Hemp, 3*4©3%c
per lb; Millet. 3{{3%c; Broom Corn Seed. t'JiixJ
13 per ton.
DRIED PEAS— Green, ?1 80®2 per ctl.
Beans and Seeds.
CHICAGO, Aug. 22— Trading in wheat was
of a very tame character. and prices were con
siderably unsettled. The opening was easier
under the influence of excellent weather In the
Northwest September being %c lower at
SO-Tfce. There was a fair demand the first hour
on fears of rain in the spring wheat belt an>J
the market turned quite firm. September ad
vancing to SOftc. but the general trend of crop
news was of a bearish nature ami free liqui
dation soon caused a decline. Liberal clear
ances and receipts of new wheat at Minneap
olis vrere depressing influences the latter part
of the session. The close was near the bottom
price of the day. September being %@»4c lower
at 70 74 ©79 lie
Corn showed slight improvement on the easy
transactions but trade- was dull, with the bull
leaders making no special effort to support the
market and consequently prices soon turned
weak. 'September closed at 51%c. a loss of '/ic.
Oats were chiefly stlected by the liberal sell
ing on the part of a prominent interest. Sep
tt-mber closed %O>*,c lower at 34%&34<%c.
Provisions ruled firm «arly In the day on a
smaller run of hogs and better prices at the
yards and with a good demand from longs for
October lard and ribs, togetner with covering
t.y shcrU, "and a firm undertone prevailed
throughout the entire session, although profit
taking resulted In a lors of most of the early
g-aln September pork c'otrd unchanged; lard
v.-aa'up 5c and ribs were also 5c higher. ' . ¦
The leading tutures ranged aa follows: -
Article*-^- Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. .2 —
September, old. 80% 80% wOTi «9-,£
September, new S0% 60% T.t% 79;^
I December, new. 81% Sl% W»T» 81
May 83% W% *3% 83%
Corn No. 2 —
September 51% P2 51% \ 51%
; December 61% 52& 51% 51 ft
Oats No. — —
September ST. 30 34% 34%
December 30% 3«*i SOVi 3tHi
Mny 3S% 33% 38% 38}4
Mess Pork, por bbl —
September 12 95 13 00 12 83 12 87%
October 13 00 13 15 12 97% 13 00
May 13 05
Lard, per 100 lbs —
September 8 22% 8 25 8 22% H 25
October 7 70 7 72% 7 »5 7 Co
Short Ribs, per U)»> lbs—
September 7 77% 7 80 7 70 7 77%
October 7 82% 7 87% 7 77% 7*7%.
January Q &
Cash quotations were as follows: Flour was
steady; No. i! spring wheat. WS85c; No. 3,
Nifrtsic: No. 2 red, 79*5$I'S<>Vic; No. 2 corn.
MVfcc- No. 2 yellow. 53Vic; No. 2 oats, .Viyje;
No. 3 white, 85®3ttVic: No. 2 rye. 51»4c; fair
to choice maltrng barley, 46j?rK}c. No. 1 flax
seed, 97c; No. 1 Northwestern, ?1 01; prime
timothy seed. S3 15: mess pork, per bbl.
$12 J5@12 87%: lard, per KK) Iba, $8 10©
6 12Vi; short ribs sides (loose). $7 4C©7 70;
dry salted shoulders (boxed), $7??i7 25; short
clear sides (boxed), S7 75@7 87%; whisky,
basis of- high wines, $1 23; clover, contract
grade. T10.
Articles — Recelpts.Shipnients.
Flour, barrelR 15,600 15,800
Wheat, bushels 72.400 S2.000
Corn, bushels £19,400 (S.00O
Oats, bushets 37f»,f)O<> P9.30O
Rye. bushels 3,fHX)
Barley, bushefs 25,300 1.40O
Chicago Grain Market.
| EASTERN MARKETS.
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat — Sept. Oct. Dec.
Opening « 5% 6 5% 6 6%
Closing: tt 5^, 0 5% 6 6%
PARIS.
Wheat— Aus. Nov. -Feb.
Opening 22 30 21 50
Closing 22 25 21 40
Flour —
Op«--nin»f • ; . . 30 80 28 C5
Closing 30 75 • 28 55
Foreign Futures.
CURED MEATS— Bacon. 12%c per lb for
heavy. 13c for light medium, 15c for light,
15%c for extra light. 17 %c for sugar-cured and
lS%c for extra suKar-cured; Eastern sugar
cured Hams. 15%c: California Hams. 15Hc:
Mess Beef. Sll 5O4J12 per bbl; extra Mess, $12
©12 50; Family. $13 50; prime Meas Pork. $13;
extra clear. $25; Mess. $20; Dry Salted Pork.
12%c; Pig Pork. $28; Pigs' Feet, $5 25; Smoked
Beef. 15c per lb.
LARD— Tierces quoted at 7%c p«r lb for
compound and 10Q10%c for pure; half barrels,
pure. lu%610?ic: 10-lb tins. 10%@llc; 5-lb
tins 11 He: S-lb tins. ll»4c.
COTTOLENE — One half barrel. 9?4c: three
half barrels. 9%c; one tierce. 9%c; two tierces.
9 He; five tierces, 9%c per lb.
The local market continues tame at un
changed prices. The Chicago situation Is thus
stated In Bolton, de Ruyter & Co.'s wires:
"Market quiet and without material change.
Hogs are again a little higher at the yard*
and receipts at Western markets are rather
light. Markat shows very little snap, however,
and outside speculative Interests are Indiffer
moderate one and there is nothing urgently
bullish in the situation. There is every indi
cation, we think, that the receipts of hogs will
come again when the price suits."
Provisions.
Receipts of Hay continue large and the
market Is weak for everything except the
choicest grades. There Is nothing new In
Feedstuffs. Straw Is firmer. .
BRAN— $24 50625 ZQ per ton.
MIDDLINGS — $27030 per ton.
SHORTS — $24®25 per ton.
FEEDSTUFF'S — Rolled Barley. $23 5O@24 50
per ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill. $26®2(1 50;
Jobbing. $27®27 50; Cocoanut Cake. $21*?22:
Corn Meal, $33 &O034 50; Cracked Corn, $.14@
35; Mixed Feed, ?23S24; Horse Beans, $2S@30
per ton.
HAY — Wheat. $12®14 50. with sales of extra
choice at $15; Wheat and Oat. $llt!2i:j 50; Oat.
$10®13; Wild Oat, $9 50*811 50; Barley. $9@11:
Clover. XS 50011; Stock. SS'O%>: Alfalfa. $S^
10 50 per ten.
STRAW — 10<g65c per bale.
Hay and Feedstuff s.
Newman 95 5.1 .... Clear
Palermo 1*0 51 .... Clear S
Porterville i>3 58 Clear W
Red BlutT bH «2 .... Clear SE Lt.
Riverside 87 61 Clear
Sacramento ... SO 58 .... Clear SW 12
San Diego 78 0<5 .... Clear SW Lt.
San Francisco. 68 54 Clear W 18
San Jose 79 51 Clear
S. L. Obispo. .. S4 50 Clear W 10
Santa Maria... 7S 5*5 Clear
Santa Rosa &3 49 Clear
Stockton S5 57 Clear
Willows &'i 54 Clear S
Colusa — Crop conditions unchanged.
Hollister— Hay coming In fast; warehouses
all filled.
Willows— Peaches light crop and poor qual
ity.
Stockton— Shipment of fruit East heavier
than before.
Cloverdale — Prune drying in progress; good
crop; small fruit.
Livermore — Hop picking will, begin at Pleas
antun next Thursday.
Hanfcrd — Cutting and drying peaches In full
blast; all racking-houses working full time.
Napa — Corn looking good.
Palermo — Weather favorable for fruit dry
ing.
Santa Maria — Very windy; second week of
unfavorable bran drying veather; other crops
satisfactory.
Sant* Kota— Hop picking In progress.
A. G. Me A DIE. Section Director.
The report of G. N. Salisbury. Section Direc
tor, United States Weather Bureau, for the
Washington Crcp Bulletin, week tnded August
IS, Is aa follows:
In the western section the patt week was
raoitly cloudy and cool, with a light rain on
the 12th acd a sprinkle on the 15th. 10th and
17th. WhiJe the rain was very beneficial to
root crops and gardens it was quite insuffi
cient, aa much more is prvally i.t-mtJ. for pas
tures are becoming short in &U sections.
This has been an ideal we*k for the harvest
ers and tErashers in the eaciern section, »her«
It has been clear, warm and dry- Harvesting
tit winter wbea.t U about finished, except In
Elevens and Whitman counties. Thrashing is
cow In full progress and grain is being hauled
to the warehouses. There will be a fair aver
age yield; the Quality is fine, except in a few
localities, where tome smut Is reported.
In ££>okane County oats and barley will be
good crops; su^ar beet* and all root crops are
looking fine. Vats in the Sound country are
reported heavy arid lodged In Bora* places.
Hop epraying is finished, en.l the yield will be
very roo<L
Government Fruit Crop Report.
From the Crop Bum tin. United States De
partment of Agriculture, Washington, D. C,
week ended August 10:
In. Iowa, Michigan. Ohio. Kentucky, Ten
ncftee. Vlrpir.ia ar.d Maryland the outlooU for
aj»i les rang<-s from fair to good. In New York
£iate less than an average crcp is promised;
rjwwhcit the crcp is litht.
tStm Er.plar'l — Arp!e» and other fruit pros
(•<¦>•.!= unchanged.
SCew Yc:k — .Aj'i-Ies lets thai: average; grapes
declining.
rennsylvanU— Excepting apples fruit is
fierce.
;Uery!«.ad and Delaware — Apples holding
v.»!l.
Virginia — Good crop apples indicated; grapes
icttir.g.
Start]) Carolina — Apples giving average yieM
in only few localities.
Florida — Mort- rain needed ox*er portions of
cUroa belt.
',¦:..: .-t: — Cooflltlon of fruits unrhanged.
Tcr.iiesM;e^ — Ptanufs doing well; apples fair
crop.
Kentucky — Apples doing well.
Missouri— Confcidtiabie daniage to apples by
lii^itl windstorn]? In tras*t &nd pouth.
liitno;* — Coael>ierable damage by stories over
western haif of Stale: xrait anJ fruit trees
Aomu: fruits drtericrat^ne.
Indiana — Apple crop light ; Iruif. mostly In
ferior.
V.'es-t Virginia— Little fruit: about half crop
of apples in wicie Fnuthfm counties and fine
crcp :n parts of Par.handle section.
«)hii* — Winter apple* fair; »-arly jieaches rip
rninp: some complajr.t ol grajie rot.
Michigan — Apples, plum* and pears continue
quit? j r :r.:i-:r.c.
Wisconsin — Apples light; M&ckberrles plen
tiful.
Icwa — Apr'" ruffcred no recent detriment.
Kansas— S!any apples blov.n off in southeast.
Oklahoma Territory— Fruit giving fair
jieMs: iate fruit. and melons ri'^cIr.E.
Idaho — Fruit advancine rapidly.
Oolr-rado — Fruits generally doing well.
Vtan — Fruit and gardens doing well.
Oregon — Prunes have thed heavily and yield
will be lighter than expected; apples fair to
rood.
Washington Crop Bulletin.
Local ber.k clearings during the week Just
en4ed were $27,707,217. against $23,508,322 dur-
Jcg the corresponding week in 1902, showing a
gain of $4,140.S35.
Bank Clearings.
FLOUR— California Family Extras, $4 CO®
4 85, usual terms; Bakers' Extras. $4 60@4 60;
Oregon and Washington. $3 90®4 20 per bbl
fcr family and $3 90O4 40 for Bakers.
MILL9TUKFS — Prfces In packages are as
follows: Graham Flour. $3 50 per 100 lbs; Ryo
Flour, $3 25: Rye Meal, $3; Rice Flour. $7;
Corn Meal. $3 5O; extra cream do. $i 23; Oat
Groats $4 M>; Hominy, $t 25<?4 50; Buckwheat
Flour, $4 60#4 75; Cracked Wheat. $.'1 75; Fa
rina, $4 50; Whole Wheat Flour, $3 73; Rolled
Oats, bbla, $7©S 60; in sack.*, $6 60@S 10;
Pearl Barley. $8; Split Peas, boxes. |7; Green
Peas. $5 30 per 100 lb«.
Flour and Mill-stuffs.
With the exception of Prunes, old fruit Is
about cleaned ud and only new fruit Is now
Quoted. There la a good demand for Peaches.
Apricots and pitted Plums, and prices rule firm
and In "moat cases slightly higher. There U
nothing new In Nuts and Honey.
NEW FRUIT — Apricots. 7%®9%o for Royals
and 9©llc for Moorparks: Evaporated Apples,
5S0c; Peaches, 6Vi©7c; Pears. 5%®7c; Nec
tarines, 4®4%c for white; Figs, white. 4%@
4%c in boxes; Plums, pitted, 4%@5%c per lb.
PRUNES — 19U2 crop. tor the four
flees, with %©lc premium for the large sizes.
• RAISINS — 1902 crop are quoted as follows:
2-crown loose Muscatels, 60-lb boxes, 5Vic per
lb- 3-crown. 5%c; 4-crown. <5c; Seedless, loose
Muscatels, 5c; Seedless Sultanas, 6c; Seedless
Thompsons. 5%c; 2-crcwn London Layers, 20
lb boxes. $1 40 per box: 3-crown. $1 50; 4
crotvn fancy clusters. 20-lb boxes. $2; 2-crown
Dehesas. 20-Ib boxes. $2 50; ft-crown Imperials,
20-lb boxes, $3; Seeded, f. o. b. Fresno, fancy.
1-lb cartons, 7%c: choice. 7%c.
NUTS — Walnuts. No. 1 softshell, 12%igl3c;
No. 2. 10%SH%c; No. 1 hardshell, ll%@12c;
No 2 10^'lOV.c; new Almonds, lie for Nonpa
reil's. 'l0%c for I X L. lOVic for N« Plus Ul
tra and 8%c for Languedoc; Peanuts, 5®7c
fcr Eastern; Pecans, ll@13c; Cocoanuts. $4 30
©5.
HONEY— Comb. new. 12%@13%c for white
and lie for amber; new water white extracted.
5%i@Cc: light amber extracted, 565%c; dark,
4%&4%c.
BEESWAX— 27©29c per lb.
Dried Fruits,Nuts,Ra\sins,Honey
EVAPORATED APPLES— The market Is
•very quiet and quotations are more or less
nominal In the absence of important buslnestt.
Common. 4f/5%c; prime. 5%©6c; choice, «Vi®
ti'/ic and fancy. C= t ig7%c.
PRUNES— Spot prunes In fair demand and
steady to firm at prices ranging from 3!4 to 7o
for all grades.
APRICOTS — Show continued firmness with
coast advices denoting strength in primary
markets. New crop choice. 9%@9%c; eld
choice. 8U@S%e. and fancy, 12c.
PEACHES— Rule firm, with choice, 7@7%c
and extra choice, 7%<?Sc.
NEW YORK. Aug. 22. — FLOUR — Receipts,
22,400 barrels; exports, 10,300 barrels. Firmly
held but quiet Winter patents, $3 00@4 30;
winter straights, $3 65@3 90; Minnesota
patents. $1 70O4 95; winter extras, $2 90®
8 23- Minnesota bakers, $3 0503 90; winter low
grades. J2 7063 05. „ .
WHEAT — Receipts. 7«.5O0 bushels. No. 2
red S5%c elevator and 80%c f. o. b. afloat;
No. 1 Northern Duluth. 94V.c f. o. b. afloat;
No. 1 hard Manitoba, 94%c f. . o. b. afloat.
Options were dull all day. They opened easier
because of perfect- northwest weather condi
tions and poor cables, declining later through
liquidation. The close was dull and easy at
a partial iCc net decline. Sales Included: No.
2 red May, 87%®SS%c. closed. 88%c; Septem
ber 85%eSGl-lCc, closed 85%c; December 86%
(S^SC 13-16c, closed 8UH-C „ ¦ _^,
HOPS Firm. Pacific Coast 1902 crop, 21®
25c; 1901 crop. 14Q17c: old lie. ¦
HIDES — Steady. Galveston, 20 to 23 pounds,
ISc; California, 11 to 25 pounds, 14c; Texas
dry. 24 to 30 pounds. 14c.
WOOL— Quiet. Domestic fleece, 2S@32e.
SUGAR— Raw, strong; fair refining. 3 5- 15c:
centrifugal, 96 test, 3 13-10e; molasses sugar,
3Mic: refined, firm; No. 6, 4.C0c; No. 7, 4.55c;
No. S 4 50c- No. 9, 4.45c; No. 10, 4.40e; No.
11, 4.iZc; No. 12. 4.20c; No. 13, 4.25c; No. 14.
4.20c; confectioners' A, 4.85c; mold A, 5.25c;
cut loaf, 6.00c: crushed, 5.20c; powdered, 6.10c;
granulated. 5 COc; cubes, 5.25c.
COFFEE — Spot Rio. quiet; No. i Invoice,
6%c; mild, quiet; Cordova. 8@llc. Coffee
futures closed steady, net unchanged. Sales
were: 10 750 bags, including September, at
3.75c; llav, 4.80c.
DRIED FRUIT9.
New York Grain and Produce.
SATURDAY. Au«. 22— 12 m.
UNITED STATES BONDS.
Bid. Ask. I Bid. Ask.
4s <jr coup.. — ll'i |4sqrc (new)I34 135
4s tjr reg... — 110 ISs qr coup... 116U 107 h
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Ala A W 5s. — — O T Co 6s.. — —
Bay CPC 5s.l05&103%! Do 5a — — '
Cal C G 5s. — — | Do con 5s. — —
Cal G Si E e ; Oceanic S 5s — 82
and ct 5s.. — — Oia C R 6s. — —
Ca!-st C 5.i.. — — Pac G Im 4s — —
C C Wat Sa. — 103 P E Ry Ss. — —
Ed L & P t!s. — — P & C H Cs. — —
F & C H Cs. — — P & O R <5a. — —
Ueary-st 5a.. — — Powell-st Cs. — —
H C * S 3%s — — . S E G&R 33. — 104
H C & S 5s. 87%10O SF & SJVSs. — —
Hon R T «s. — 107 S R of C 6s. Ill —
L A Elec 5s. — — S P of A Is
L A Ry 5s. — — (1909) 107%10S&
L & L C 6s. — — (1910> 108=?4 —
Do gtd Cs. — — S P of C Cs
Do gtd 5s. — — (lftOoSr A. — —
LAP lem 5s. — — (19O5)Sr B. — —
Mkt-st C6». — — (190O — —
Do 1 cm 5s. — —I «1912> .... — —
NRC(of O«9.106%107U S P C 1« 5» - —
NRC(of C)5s. — 119 'j Do stmpd. — —
NPC R R Ss.108 — ' S P B R t!s. — —
N C P C 5». — — S V Wat 6a..lC8 108%
N C R 5s*. — — Do 4s 2dxa, J»%100
N 8 R 5s.. 05 1C0 Do 4s 3dm. 99 T » —
O G L H 5s. — — I Ftkn O&K 6s — —
O W C e 5s. — — I U G & B 5s. — —
WATER STOCKS.
Contra Costa — — iPort Costa... — —
Marln Co .. — — I Spring Val.. 85 83 Vi
GAS AND ELECTRIC.
Cent L & P. 4 4%FacEG&R— —
Equit Gas... 4% 5^8 F G & E. 65 67
Mutual E L. 13 t.1%! S F Gas — —
Pac G Imp.. 51% 52 Stkn G & E. — —
Pac L Co. .. — — U G & E — —
TRUSTEES' CERTIFICATES.
S F G 4 E. H 65%
INSURANCE.
FirenVs Fnd. — — ;,•
BANK STOCKS.
Am Natl Bk. — — iL P & A... — —
Anglo-Cal .. — — Mer Trust ..200 230
Bank of Cal. — — Merch Ex . . — —
CSD&T. — — SF Nationl. — —
First Nationl — —
SAVINGS BANKS.
Ger S & L.. — — Sav & L So. 05 1C3
Hum S & L. — — Sec Sav Bk. — —
Mutual Sav. — — Union T Co. — —
S F Sav U.. — — J
STREET RAILROAD3.
California .. — — I Presidio .... — —
POWDER.
Giant C7% M^VIgorlt - »tt
SUGAR.
Hana P Co.. — — tKllauea 8 C. — —
Hawaiian C. 43% 44% Makawell C. 21% 21
Honokaa. S C 12% 13% Onomea S C. 23% —
Hutch S P C 13% 14 |Paauhau S C 14% 13%
MISCELLANEOUS.
Alaska Pack — 150 lOceanlc 3 Co 7 —
Cal Fruit As 89% 90% Pac A F A. 2% —
Oil Wine A3 98 ICO |Pac C Borx, — —
Moralns Session.
Board —
33 California Fruit Canners* 90 00
50 Honokaa Co 13 00
Street —
75 Mutual Electric Light 13 00
$1000 S V Bonds, 4s (2d Mtge.) DO BO
Stock and Bond Exchange.
Local securities still dull and featureless.
IVcll-strcct stocks zveak on tU day. t
Local bank clearings gain over $4,000,000 for the week.
Silver and exchange rates as he fore quoted.
Wheat and Barky quiet and without feature.
Oats steady, Corn very firm and Rye well held.
Beans quiet, with some price changes.
Butter weaker, with holders trying to sell.
E^^s move up another point. Cheese steady.
Provisions inactive, with previous conditions quoted.
Hides easy. Wool and Hops firm.
No change in Cattle, Sheep end Hogs.
Increasing demand for some kinds of Dried Fruits.
Fresh Fruits active, but rather weak.
Supplies of Citrus Fruits greatly reduced.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables in good supply.
Considerable Poultry left on hand at the close.
NEW YORK Aug. 22. — Imports of 4pec!e
at New York this week were $15,375 gold and
$SS61 silver. Exports. $11,050 gold and $351,122
silver. Total Imports of dry goods and mer
chandise were valued at $12.152,65«.
Exports and Imports.
NEW YORK MINING STOCKS.
Adams Con 14 | Little Chief ... Ofl
Alice 18 Ontario 0 00
Brecce 1 •» Ophir 1 55
Brunswick Con .. 05 Phoenix .... 08
Comstock Tunnel C0% Potosl 14
Con Cal & Va..l 40 Savage 21
Horn Silver 1 CO Sierra Nevada. 61
Iron Silver 1 S3 Small Hopes 20
Leadviile Con C2 Etandard .... 1 7%
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS."
Money — AHouez 51'
Call loans ."! <?b Amalgamated 47
Time loans 5V£©<- : Oaly West :{f>>
Raiiroade — Bingham °4il
Atchtson 00% Calumet & Hecla 445
Atchlson pfd SS% Centennial mu
Boston & Aibany.243 Copper Range.... fll K
Kcston & Maine. .170 Dominion Coal. .. SO
N Y. N H A H...196 Franklin ku
FItchburj? pfd 134 Isle Royale... . tl*
Union Pacific 85vi Mohawk 40
Mexican Central.. H\i • >ld Dominion »%
Miscellaneous — Osceola sjt
American Sugar. .114% Parrot iovi
Am Sugar pfd 118% Sulncy OO
Am Tel & Tel. ...134 Santa Fe Copper. Ui
Dom Iron & S.... 9Vi Tamarack 100
General Electric. .161 Trimountain 81
Mass Electric... 22 Trinity q
Mass Elec pfd... 79 I'nited States 19s;
United Fruit 95 Utah 27«
U S Steel pfd 09% Victoria \ 3*?
Westlnghse Com.. So WInona %Q.
Mining— Wolverine .*. C9
Adventure 6
Baltimore & Ohio.. 900 82*i 81% 82ty
Bait & Ohio pfd 80V»
Canadian Pacific... 300 125 124% 124%
Cent of N Jersey 159
Ches & Ohio 600 82 82% 32%
Chicago & Alton 21
Chgo & Alton pfd 02
Chicago & N W 163
Chgo & Or Westra 16%
IC&GW. Bpfd 29
Chgo Term & Trn. 100 11 11 10%
Chjro T Sc T pfd. 20
C C, C 4 St L 73%
Colo Southern 100 13J& 13% 13%
Colo Bo 1st pfd 00%
Colo So 2d pfd 21%
Del & Hudson 100 164 164 163
Del. Lack & W .... 235
Denver & Rio Gr 24
D & R G pfd "6
Erie 9.5O0 29% 28% 28T4
I Erie 1st pfd 2.000 60% 6«% 66^
i Krle 2d pfd 51
1 «reat Nor pfd 165
Hocking Valley W>%
Hocking Val pfd 177
Illinois Central.... 100 132% 132% 1S2&
cv.-a Central 300 21% 20 21 Vi
Iowa Central pfd.. 4O0 39 38% 38
Riinaaa City So 100 22 22 21%
:;»ns city so pfd.. S9H
LuaUvl & Nash..... 400 104 103% 103%
.Manhattan Elev... 700 133% 132% 133k
.Vetropoltn St Ry.. 200 112% 112% 113
Minn & St Louis .... 09
Missouri Pacific 400 94 02% 02fc
Vo, Kens & Tex 19
Mo. K & T pfd 100 41% 41% 41%
Nat R R Mex pfd.. 200 40 40 40
New York Central.. S00 122% 121% 122
Norfolk & We*trn. 2,100 «2% 62% 62
Nor & Westn pfd: 80
Ontario & Western. 4CQ "23 22% 23
Pennsylvania 3.800 123% 123% 123%
P. C, C & St L 61%
Reading 11, $00 55 64% 64%
Reading 1st pfd S0%
Reading id pfd C8%
Rock Island Co 5,400 27% 20»i 26%
Rock Island Co pfd 400 64% *l\$ «4
St L & S F 1st pfd C9
St L &. S F 2d pfd. 200 51 50 49%
St Louis Sowestn 1«>
St L Sowestn pfd.. 100 32% SZ«S 32Vi
St Paul 0.000 »Hi 139% 140%
St Paul pfd 400 173 172% 172
Southern Pacific... 2.400 44% 44 44
Southern Railway. 800 22% 21% 21%
Southern Ry pfd 83
Texas & Pacific 26
Tol. St L & W 20
Tol, St L & W pfd 2S%
Union Pacific 13.200 75% 74 74^
Union Pacific pii W%
Wabash 21%
Wabash pfd 300 33 31% 34%
Wheel & L Erie 16
Wisconsin Central.. 100 19 10 18%
Wls Cen pfd 100 40 40 39
Express Companies——
Adams *. 222
American ISO
United States 105
Wells- Fargo 200
Miscellaneous —
Amal Copper 0.400 48 46% 47
Am Car & Foundry 800 32% 32 32
! Am Car & F pfcl 81! '
Am Linseed OH 9
Am Linseed Oil pfd 30
Am Locomotive ... 200 1S% 18% 18%
Am Locomotive pfd 83%
Am Smelt A Ref.. 1.100 44% 43% 41%
Am Smelt & R pfd- .\ 90%
Am Sugar net... 7 300 115 114% 114%
Anaconda Mln Co 74
Brooklyn Rap Trn. 1,000 44}4 44 44%
! Colo Fuel & Iron 4S
i Co! & Hock Coal.. 100 14% 14 V» 14
Con Gais 177
Gen Electric 10Q 162 1C2 161
Int Paper 12
Int Paper pfd B0
Int Pump 34%
Ir.t Pump pfd 72%
National niscuft 3l!%
National Lead 1«K> 16 1C 10
North .American 75%
Pacific Mail 20O 20% 20% 20%
People 1 * Gas 93
Pressed Steel Car.. 700 43 42 43
Pressed St Car pfd S3
Pullman Palace Car 218
Republic Ftoel 11
Republic Steel pM 05
Rubber Goods ;.. 14%
Rubber Goods pfd. 10<» 09% tt»*4 68
Tenn Coal & Iron.. 7CO 41% 41 41%
Vj S Leather 1MX) SVi 8 8
1" S Leather pfd 80
1* S Rubber 12
IT S Rubber pfd... 10O 40 40 40
U H Steel 6.900 ?2 21% 21?*
IT f? Steel pfd 5.700 70% 09% flf)%
Western Union ... 200 83% 83% S3»j
Total sales . ..132,400 shares.
UNITED RAILROADS OF SAN FRANCISCO.
NEW YORK. Aug. 22. — United Railroad!! of
San Francisco bond transactions: 1000 at 77 1 4,
1S.000 at 77%.
NEW YORK BONDS.
j U S ref 2k. reg. ..1(W%|L & N unl 4s 0S%
Do coupon 1C(;% Mexican C*nt 4b.. Vi
Do 3s. reg louU Do 1st inc 1«%
Do coupon 106 ; .i Minn & St L 4«... 5 7%
Do new 4s. reg.134 M. K & T 4s 03%
Do coupon . ...Lit Do 2ds . '. 70%
j Vh> oil 4.S. reg.KO N Y Cen gen 3%; 95%
Do cour 11 . . .100 N J Cent i?en 5s.. 127
Do 5s, rear 101% Northern Pac 4s..lf'G'-,
; I-.: !io:i .1111% Do 3s 70%
j Atchlson ssr. 4s. OOWN & W con 4s... 97'
; Do aJJ 4s SS I Reading sen ts... H5
; Talt & Ohio 4s. 09% PtL & I M con os.lll
Do o%s J2 It't L & S F 4«... 02
I Do conv 4» 37 St L S W lsts... !)4
Can Southern 2i2 4. 1 (tG%\ Do 2dt> 72
! Central of Oa 5s.in*ti>S A & A P 4?... 75
Do 1st inc 75% Sou them Pac Js.. 86
Ches & Ohio 4 u,s. 102% Southern Ry 5a. .113
Chi & Alton 3V»s. V^UjTesas, & Pac t»ts.H4%
f C. B & Q new 4s. !H)^ T. St L & W 4s. 71V.
I C. M&StP gen 4S.102 Union Pacific 4s. !)f>*i
I C & N W con7»..12!» Do conv 4k P4W
I CCC & StL gen 4., !V5 V/abash lsts 114
ThicaRO Term i*.. IX Wabash 2ds 101U
Colo & South 4.;. n-.i, Do deb B 58 Vj
j T>» n * Rio O 4--.. «r. west Shore 4* lOHii
i Erie prior Men 4%. W,' H Wheel & L E 4s 00
Do gen 4b...... S2»i Wisconsin Con 4s. 00
Tt \\ & D C lsts.103 Con Tob 4s ,. r,7%
Hocking Val tij-j-lOl i Colo Puel not;
Rhode Island ... 74 ' IT S Steel '. 7SU
Pennn con 115% 1 Martha tun .....'. 101 %
City. 5500; Monte Crlsto. 1500; Reed. 2380; In
dependence. 3500; Sovereign. 130O; Four. 500.
A sale of 100 shares of the First National
Bank of Hawaii at $112 50 is reported.
The Mexican Mining Company has levied aa
assessment of 10c per share, delinquent In ths
boards September 22.
SUMMARY OP THE MARKETS.
these from the net gain in cash leaves $505,275
as the decrease in surplus reserve to $21.058. -<n<i
Computed upon the basis. of deposits, less those
of $37,271,000 of public' funds, the surplus la
$30,376,050. The loans are $4,152,800 In excess
of deposits, against $5,010,300 In the previous
week. The daily average of bank clearings
was $184,000,000, against $100,000,000 In the
week ending August 15, reflecting the. decreased
volume of business on the Stock Exchange.
The changes in loans show that five of the
larger banks Increased this Item by $7,800,000
net. Seven banks "gained $4,200,000 net of cash.
Open. High. Low. Close.
December ...$1 09 .$1 09% $1 00 $10914
OATS — The Government has opened the bids
for the 1200 tons It calls for,, but the award
will not be announced for some days. ¦ Mean
while the market rules steady, with a mod
erate demand. Offerings, while not large, ar«
sufficient.
White. *1 20<ffl 30; Black. $1 SOfflt 43: Red.
$1 1D@1 22^4 for common and $1 23©1 30 for
choice; Gray, nominal.
CORN — There is nothing new to report. Tha
market continues meagerly supplied and firm.
The Chicago wires of Bolton. de Ruyter &
Co. say: "Market • easier. Continued fine
weather throughout the corn belt Is the de
pressing factor. There is no change in the
trend of crop advices. . The bears are hopeful
that the prevailing fine weather will last and
will make a. fair crop and the bulls are equally
confident that the case Is hopeless. In the
meantime the cash situation seems about a
standoff and consists of moderate receipts and
a good demand."
Western, sacked, f 1 B0@l G2»i for Yellow
and $1 47»*i&l 50 for mixed; California largo
Yellow, $1 57&@1 62^; small round do, $1 70
01 75; White, $1 55 per ctl.
RYE — $1 1714®1 25 per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— $2 25@2 60 per ctt
Feed, $1 08% @1 11U: Shipping and Brew-
Ing. $1 12#@1 17%; Chevalier, $1 20®l 60 for
fair to choice. :
FUTURES.
Session 9 to 11 :30 a. m.
Open. High. Low. • CIom.
December . ..$1 46& $1 Wn $1 <«Vi *1 ¦*«%
BARLEY— The week closed on a quiet and
unchanged market.
CASH BARLEY.
California Club. $1 45@1 50; California,
White Australian, $1 M©1 60; Northern Club.
$1 45©1 50; Northern Blue Stem. $1 55@1 57H:
Oregon Valley, $1 52%.
FUTURES.
Session 0 to 11:30 a. m.
steady and a good deal of long Wheat was
dumped, neither of the latter conditions being
bullish. ,
Cash grain In this market was unchanged,
but futures were weak. There were no new
features • worthy of comment.
CASH WHEAT.
maintained rates under a steady demand asd
light receipts.- Attractive lota of Berries met
with prompt sale at good figures. Some of the
Raspberries arrived too late for the regular
trade, hence the wider range In prices. '¦
Stocks of Oranges have, become very light
and there are not enough ' Navels, Mediterra
nean Sweets or St. Michaels left here for a
quotation. Th« other Citrus fruits are la am
ple supply and prices stand unchanged.
STKAWBEKRiES — Longworths. nominal;
other varieties $3 50<S6 per chest.
RASPBERRIES— $9012 per chest.
BLACKBERRIES— $3@5 per cheat.
HUCKLEBERRIES— 6@Sc per 1b.
APPLES— 83c<g$l 10 per box for fancy, 5OS
?5c for good to i-noice and 25&40c for common;
Crabapples. 25®40c for small boxes and 60@65c
fo»- larze.
PEARS— BarUetts. S5c@$l 25 for fancy and
40® 75c for No 2; per ton $20335.
FIGS— 60cg$l 25 per box.
PLUMS — loeGOc per crate and 2*S40c per
box; large, open boxes. 35@60c; per ton. $20
©25.
NECTARINES— 75@S5e per crate.
PEACHES— Small boxes. 20@35c for cling
stones and 40@75c for frees; carriers, 65gS5c;
large open boxes. 35-$65c: per ton. $15<@20.
GRAPES— Small boxe3. 35@50c; crates, 50c
@$1; large open boxes, 75c'«$l 25.
MELONS— Cantaloupes, 50c® $1 per crate;
Nutmeg Melons, 2T>@luc per box; Watermelons.
$5020 per hundred.
CITRUS FRUITS— Oranges. $2 5O©3 for
fancy Valenclas. $1 75<82 25 for choice and
$1S1 25 for standard; Seedlings. $1®1 25; Lem
ons, 75c@$2 50 per box. with some fancy high
er: Grap« Fruit. $1 25©2; Mexican Limes.
$4@-i 50; Bananas. $1®2 50 per bunch; Pine
apples, $263 per dozen.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, AUGUST 23, 1903.
LOCAL MARKETS.
STOCK MARKET.
WHEAT— The markets all over the world
are quiet and featureless.
Chicago was %c lower and tame. Though
the weather was- perfect and . the sentiment
reported rather bullish, - cables \ were barely
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
39
AUCTION SALES
-fes fe £a
TO BB SOLD AT AUCTION— 20 head Of all-
purpose horses. 40 seta of harness; also a largd
stock of camp, express wagons, rubber-tire
buggies and surreys at 11 10 Folsom st.. Tues-
day, August 23.THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, AUGUST 23, 1903«
40
REAL ESTATE— Country— For Sal*.
CHATFIELD A VINZENT.
228 MONTGOMERY ST.. 8. F.
A soecial invitation is extended to members
of the G. A. R. and strangers in this city to
visit our office for information concerning
California lands. , Good Drcductlve country
property offers a fine Investment and lands
will never again be as cheap as at present
We are thoroughly conversant with different
sections of California and will gladly give ad-
vice concerning same.
A beautiful place 30 miles from San Fran-
daco, near Martinez; 66 acres of choice land:
30 acres In vineyard and orchard: all In per-
fect condition: expensive imorovementa: nn«
modern house. 9 rooms and bath, completely
furnished: well-built barns, coach house, wind-
mill, cement reservoir, completely fitted chick-
en yards, horses, wagons, carriages, all farm-
Ing tools; delightful view; a flne and profitable
place; cost over $20,000; price only $11,500;
easy terms.
1570 acres land, 8 miles from; railroad sta-
tion and having a frontage of lVi miles on
the river: 6C0 acres choice river bottom, bal-
ance grain and stock land; fine house, barn
and orchard; price $17 per acre; worth $30.
5000 acres choice fresh marsh land, mostly
all under cultivation; easily leveed; originally
cost $27 60 per acre-; can sell for $10; easy
terms; cheai>«st land in the State; near Sac-
ramento River.
2S00 acres No. 1 stock ranch, highly im-
proved, including 120 head cattle, some hoTses
and other personal property; 4 miles from,
railroad. In Sonoma County; price $22;500;
ttrms easy.
113 acres all level choice orchard and grain
land: 1% miles from Napa City, on mala
county road: plenty water year round on land:
some large oaks; beautiful spot; price reduced
to $6000.
100 acres; Xapa County; highly Improved; oa
main county road; price reduced from $10,000
to $7000; terms easy.
1600 acres all level choice grain land. Solan©
County, near Dixon. at $30 per acre; will eub-
dlvld* and sell In 160-acro tracts.
800 acres with one- rail » frontage oa Rossiaa
River, Sonoma County; bottom land la ber-
ries, fruit and vineyard; foothill land good
vineyard, hay or grain land, now used for stock
purposes, and partially wooded; T-room bouse,
barns and outbuildings ; fenced and croe»-
fenced: very cheap at $8000.
144 acres: 6 miles from Healdsburg: 00 acres
vineyard. 15 acres orchard; full bearing; mod-
ern 8-room house, barn and outbuildings;
springs and running water; price $12,500.
CHATFIELD & VINZENT.
223 Montgomery St.. 8. T.
SAN JOAQUIN CO. PROPERTIES.
For sale — Improved dairy ranch of 12»
acres: 80 acres bottom land; Vi mile from
town and creamery.
For sale— $SCO: Improved chicken ranch of
12 acres; 9 acres bottom land; some fruit and
berries and dose to school.
For sale — $7000: Improved dairy ranch: 149
acres: Vj bottom land; about SO acre* in corn;
1-3 of crop and all the feed goesovlth place;
1-3 down and balance on easy payments.
For sale— $8000: 800 acres stock ranch tn
the Sacramento Valley; well fenced and
watered; 600 acres plow land.
For sale — $2000; nice home in Santa Crua;
will exchange for good lot in San Francisco.
For sale — $30,000; 1600-acre ranch: well Im-
proved; 1C0O acres alfalfa land; 1-3 down,
time to suit on balance.
QUIGGLE. care Woodward _ Co.. 11 Mont-
gomery street.
Hours 9 to 10 a. m.. 12 to 1 and 4 to S
p. m., or address box 15. Gait
FOR SALE — TOKAY GRAPE LAND.
This flaming Tokay grape land can be pur-
chased in 10-acre tracts, tn Whitaker & Kay
Colony. Gait. Sacramento Co., Cal.. $100 a
tract. V, down; the Tokay grape ripens In th!s
locality 4 weeks earlier than In any other part
of the State. Grapes from this locality can b«
seen In the windows at 6-13 Market st. 11 Mont-
gomery et. and at the Sacramento County ex-
hibit, ferry building.
QUIGGLE, 11 Montgomery St.. care Wood-
ward & Co.. hours !) to 10. a. m. and 12 tot and
4 to 6 p. m., or address box 13. Gait, Sacra-
mento County. Cal.
FOR rent — Terms to suit; mountain stock
ranch: 1040 acres; splendidly watered, shari-
ed; substantial fences; residence, barn, build-
ings, orchard; $C0O annually; responsible
principals only: cattle, horses, hops, poultry
for sale. II. C. SE1IPLE, Cloverdale. Sono-
ma County, Cal.
HEALTH and pleasure resort in the. redwood
belt, containing 360 acres; hotel, cottage*,
tents and dance hall; leased for $1300* per
annum: popularity increasing every vasi-n:
price $20,000. For particulars apply to
McAFEE BROTHERS.
- 108 Montgomery St. San Francisco. .
A HOME In the Buena Vteta Colony.
$2 per acre cash. 30 cents per acre per
month, buys at $20 per acre In the garden
spot of California the best alfalfa and crop
section In the State.
P. H. JORDAN CO.. 116 Montgomery st.
FOR sale — 20 acres. 3 miles from town and
railroad station; 12 acres bearing vineyard.
6 acres bench-grafted resistant vines; house,
barn and well; income last year $1400; a
good crop; 1 horse and all tools go; price
$4S50 Box 111, Sebastopol. Cal.
ALFALFA lands, stock ranches, orchards,
vineyards; inspected bargains; monthly cata-
logues sent free. C. M. WOOSTER CO.. 64S
Market st. ___________
TO let or on shares — Fine stock ranch In Hum-
bold t County. Cal., for a term of years; lots
of wood and water. M. R. JAGER, 110
Taylor street.
$2300 BUYS 120-acre rancn. near Yount villa;
house, barn, good water; 30 acres vlnee.
Apply or address Owner. 916 Second st>
Napa.
ALFALFA our specialty; best alfalfa land at
$20 per acre; ditch and artesian water. P. H.
JORDAN CO., 116 Montgomery st
WANTED — To rent or lease 10 to 100 acres |
comfortable house: best of reference. Box
1009. Call.
FOR sale — Best fruit farm in best county
(Sonoma); bargain. It MOORE, Kenwood.
Cal.
$15.000— A LOVELY country home: 30 acr «•
fruit: 60 miles. MOSSMAN. 850 Market st.
SAX MATEO REAL ESTATE.
SUBURBAN HOMES,
AT SAN MATEO PARK.
SAN MATEO.
Beautiful home lots, averaging about 1 acr*
each. In San Mateo Park, the finest suburban
residence property near San Francisco: this
property, the famous Clark. Tract, held for over
42 years by the same owners, recently subdi-
vided into cottage, bungalow and villa horn*
sites, with wide and winding avenues; bor-
dered with thousands of costly shade trees
and comprising the most desirable of all th*
eligible home sites in beautiful San Mateo.
Suburban electric trains now running every
20 minutes from San Francisco for San Mateo.
These villa lots will be sold on terms of ona-
thlrd cash, balance In one and two years.
For maps. catAloirues and full particulars
apply to or address BALDWIN & HOWELL.
Heal Estate Agents. 25 Post st. S. F., or
FRANK S. Olll'MMON, San Mateo.
San Mateo office open Sundays.
__________
BURLINOAME.
Best suburban home near Ban Francisco:
no ferry; electric .railroad now running; lots
and residences for sale. We can sell good lots
as low as $500 each. We will be glad to show
them. We also have some acreage land near
by as low as $100 tt> $200 per acre.
McAFEE BROTHERS.
108 Montgomery st. San Francisco. Resident
Agent S. G. GOODHUE. Western Union Tel-
egraph building. San Mateo.
POIXT RICHMOND KEAL ESTATE.
OWN A LOT IN CALIFORNIA.
The California terminus of the Santa Fe
Railroad and Stan.lard Oil Company is at
Richmond. Just across the bay from San
Francisco, where these corporations together
with the* Southern Pacific Railroad are spend-
ing millions of dollars, which will make It
the greatest manufacturing city on the Pa-
ClflC C ° aSt - $5 per month.
A good way to save an«1 make money. Maps
free. Address RICHMOND LAND «
PANY. Crocker building. San Francisco.
THE GREATEST COMING TOWN ON TUB
PACIFIC COAST.
FOINT RICHMOND.
SANTA FE TRACT IS THE BEST.
LOTS $5 PER MONTH. ALL LEVEL.
McEWEN BROS.. 118 MONTGOMERY ST..
SOLE AGENTS.
WATER front lots and bargains: all tracts:
maps, photoa. etc. BKLL. 417 Parrott bid*.
ItKAL ESTATES
FINE estate, comprising 23 acres Island and
mainland. Portsmouth Harbor. N. H. : modern
bldgs. ; bus. block and ground, De* Molnes. I.i.
W. M. Oatrander. N. A. bldg.. Philadelphia.
¦ REAL ESTATE TO K.VCHA.VGE.
EXCHANGE.
WILL give $3C0O or $4CC0 in cash toge'Iicr with
good paying ranch near Capttola. woitiJ $»00©,
all clear, for Income property.
THE ALDEN CO., Ills Broadway. Oakland.
REAL estate to exchange; free nrlnted list.
Pacific Coast Ex. Bureau, 830 Market at
ItEAL ESTATE-— CITY-— FOK ¦ 8A-P,
BALDWIN & HOWELL,
26 Post st.
$22,500 — Elegant modern residence on a north-
east corner on Broadway: unsurpassed
marine view.
$5.250 — Pine, near Scott; residence - of 8
rooms, bath and basement: very sunny.
$2,500 Filbert St., near Buchanan, one block
from Unlon-st. cars; lot 27:0x120; cot-
tage of 5 rooms.
$25,000 — Rents SloOO; DevlEadero-st. business
property; extra large frontage of 00
leet; new 3-story building, store and
flats; a splendid site.
$40,000 — Rents >235; Powell-st corner; store
and house above of 28 rooms and 6 mod-
ern fiats.
$47,000 — Polk-st. business Investment; stores
and Hats above; lot 80x80.
$8,800 — Kudy-st corner; lot 28x100; 2 storet
and 2 Cats.
$9,000 — Rents $m> per month; Union st, near
Octavla; store and flat above and roar
dwelling.
$6,500 — Pine-st. corner; lot 25x80; old frame
improvements of no value; splendid site
for new building.
$18,000— Rent3 $124 50; Post st, near Laguna:
lot (!2:t>xl2j to rear street; 3 dwellings.
$7,500 — Grove st., northwest corner; lot 31 :0x
00; " fiats of 6 and 7 rooms and bath
each.
$13.000 — Jter.ts $137 50 per month: Carl st.
near Golden Gate Park; new building of
6 flats.
$4.100 — Price reduced from $4,500: McAllister
st, near First ave.; new building of 2
fiats; rents J3G.
$9,000 — Rents $73 per month; a positive bar-
rain; Lyon st., near McAllister; lot 25x
10G; new building of 3 separate flats.
$20,000— Bush St.. near Powell; lot 30x112:5,
splendid site for small hotel.
$7,600 — Rents $54; Broadway, near Stockton;
lot 32x65; 2 stores and flat above. . -
$21,000— Price reduced from $25.00a: Taylor
st, corner, near Geary; excellent build-
Ing location.
$6,600 — Pine si', near Kearny; 2-story brick
building.
$14,500 — Montgomery ave., near Washington
st; 2-story brick building; store, base-
ment and 6 rooms above.
$13,600— Elegant downtown residence on Leav-
enworth st, commanding an unsur-
passed marine . vlwv, which cannot be
obstructed; first floor contains double
parlors, dining-room, pantry and kltch*
en; second floor, 4 bedrooms, bathroom,
large closets, etc.; basement contains
laundry, servant's room, wine cellar,
etc.; house is very attractive; sun in all
rooms. t
$24,000 — Thlrd-st. business corner, on promi-
nent thoroughfare; a new building, suit-
able for manufacturing or apartments,
would yield a handsome Income; outside
of fire limits; present buildings, store,
etc., pay $1380 per annum; Third st. Is
much in demand; $2750 per front foot
was paid last week fcr an Inside prop-
erty on this street within a few minutes'
!" walk of this corner.
$3,650 — South-of-Market Investment: lot with
double frontage; 2 flats on each street;
rents $42 per month and can be In-
creased; near Third st. and railroad de-
pot; always rented.
$3,750— Building lot, close to Market st.,
-suitable for a builder for fiats or resi-
dence; double frontage. 48x90; bltumln-
ized street; cement sidewalk; 15th and
Castro sts.
$500 cash for a S5000 residence in the warm
belt of the Mission; balance payable in
easy monthly installments; residence re-
cently built: all modern improvements.
$3,000— Rents $30 per month; lot 23x30; 2
flats; near Valencia and 18th sts.
' ?20,000 — Bush st, near Powell; lot 30x112:6:
[ residence rents for ?82 50 per month;
splendid site for new building.
$1.700 — Rltch st; lot 23x73; old house.
$2,200 — 20th ave.. South Pan Francisco; lot
75x100; bay-window house of 5 rooms
and bath; attic, etc.
?6,000 — Dolores Ft. business corner, lot 50x57;
store and flat.
BALDWIN & HOWELL,
25 Post st
MCAFEE BROTHERS.
103 MONTGOMERY ST.
MARKET ST.
53 feet on Market gt., with 2 frontages; old
buildings; rent $152; a flne prospective lnvest-
• merit.
CALIFORNIA ST., NEAR LAGUNA.
Lot 27:0x1^7:6; residence of 7 bedrooms, par-
lor, reception and dining rooms; all large; a
very attractive home; price $12,000.
FINE NEW FLATS.
Near the park; 4 and 5 rooms; sunhy; rent
$38; price $4500.
FOR FLATS.
! Lots on McAllister st, near' Scott; 27:6x
137:6; only $3250.
SUTRO HEIGHTS.
Beautifully situated, overlooking Golden Gate
Park and the ocean; car line passes: water and
gas In street: lots from $350 to $550; they are
very cheap; easy terms if desired.
i _____
LARKIN-ST. CORNER.
Fine building corner, 35 feet frontage; surt
to Increase in value; rents now for $122 month-
ly; a fine investment; price $20,000.
SOUTH OF MARKET ST. INVESTMENT.
Fine corner; size 55x80; rent $126 per month;
: price. $20,000.
WARM BELT OF THE MISSION.
Cottage of 6 rooms and bath; lot 25x122:6;
price reduced to $2000.
FINE CORNER.
Only 2 blocks from park; size 25x107:6; price
$4500; make offer.
CHEAP LOTS.
Looking into Golden Gate Park, one block
! from Stanvan. street to be bituxnlnlzed and
paid for by owner, any size, only $64 per front
fnot; car line passes; cheapest lots in the
; market.
SACRAMENTO ST.
Near Laguna st. ; 34:4x137:6: price $10,250.
or will sell (58:9x137:0 f 0^20,500: purchaser
! already found for 34:4 feet, but owner desires
to sell whole lot at one transaction. Fine
site for apartment-house.
PRESIDIO HEIGHTS.
32:7x112:6, on bituminized street; enly $2250;
key lot.
McAllister, near fillmore.
North side; 105x137:0. or will subdivide; flne
Investment property; price, $24,000.
Send for list of cheap lots in all parts of the
city. McAFEE BROTHERS,
10S Montgomery st.
. BOVEE, TOY & COMPANY.
REAL ESTATE AGENTS. I
117 Montgomery St. Opp. Occidental Hotel.
$11,000 — Two handsome new flats of 7 rooms
and bath on choicest part of Green st;
lot 25x137:0 feet; rent $100 per month.
$9,500 — Thirteenth st.. near Fillmore. close tc
Duboce Park; 3 brand new flats of C
rooms and bath each; lot 25x100 ft: In-
come $83 per month; mortgage of $4000
at 6 per cent can remain.
$4,000 — Rents $34 per month; Natoma st, neat
11th; 2 good houses of 6 rooms and bath
each.
$4,000— Tehama St., near 4th; rents $36 pei
month; 4 good flats; lot 25x76 ft.
$2,1CO — Walter-st. lot, opposite Duboce Park;
an elegant location for flats; size 25x122
feet.
$13,600 — Post St., near Franklin: north side: 2
modern flats, lower of 7 rooms and bath
and upper of 12 rooms and bath; rents
$100 per month: lot over 30 ft frontage.
$12,600 — Sacramento st, close to Polk; 2 ele-
gant flats, containing 8 and 9 rooms and
bath each; rents $85 per month; lot
27:6x137:6 feet.
$24,000 — Key lot. close to Sutter and Hyde sts. ;
size 50x87:6; old lmpts.; rents $120 mo.
$7,000- r Sacramento St., north side, near Fill-
more; choice pair of flats, containing €
and 7 rooms and bath each; all in first-
class condition; modern plumbing; rents
$55 per month; lot 25x128 feet.
$12,500 — Broadway residence,' containing 14
rooms and bath; In splendid condition
throughout; lot 43x120 ft.; lot alone la
v/orth price asked.
$7,750 — Washington et. near Fillmore: north
side; modern residence of 9 rooms and
bath; rents $60 per month.
$5,500— Masonic ave. ; two flats Just completed;
rents $45 per month; everything strictly
up to date; elegant view of city; size
25x100 feet
$7,000 — Clay st, north side, close to Presidio
Reservation; modern residence of 8 room*
and bath; lot 29x127:8% feet
Further particulars of -
BOVEE, TOY & CO., 117 Montgomery st.
B. GETZ, ROOM 22. CHRONICLE BLDQ.
OWNER AND DEALER..
Ocean Heights and Ocean Boulevard Lots!!!
Unobstructed View of Ocean. Your Choice
$100 to $250. Splendid Bargains. $5 monthly.
19TH AVENUE BOULEVARD LOTS!!!
See Them at Once. Graded, Level to Build on.
High Ground. . Magnificent View.
Perfect Bargains. On Easy Installments.
EXCELSIOR HOMESTEAD LOTS!!!
WARM BELT OF THE MISSION.
Nothing to Equal Them in Quality or Price.
One Block from Mlsslon-st care; Perfectly
level. .
Corner Lots for Business. Opposite New School.
$150 UP; $5 MONTH. PERFECT BARGAINS.
$300 to $1200.
. Choices of Sunset and Richmond* Lots!!!
$S0O to $5000. . New Cottages and Houses In
Sunset. Richmond and - Excelsion Homestead.
All My Own Property. Sold' on Easy Terms.
NEAT and attractive Western Addition 'cot-
tage, $4.")00: terms If : desired. THE Me-
CARTIIY CO.. 010 Market st
I REAL ESTATE— CITY— FOR BA1A3.
SHAINWALD, BUCKBEE & CO.. -_*„"" _'
218-220 MONTGOMERY ST.
$17.500— NW. cor. Pacific and Ransome sts.;
lot S3x67 ft. more or lesa; improve-
ments consists of stores and flats:
monthly r»nts $132; mortgage of $S00O
can remain.
$9,000— Post st. this side Polk: Improvements.
2 residences; rents $44; lot runs through
to rear street.
$40,«X> — Turk st, near Leavenworth st; 60X
137 : 6 ; grand site for the erection of
• apartment-house, etc. __
$44,000— Jones st. near Golden Gate ave.: 53
ft. front; frame Improvements; Income
$160 per month: mortgage of $30,000 can
remain; this property Is one block from
Market st each way and is a great
¦ ¦ bargain.
$8,250— Grove st.. near Fillmore st; two-story
residence, 10 rooms and bath; now rent-
ing for $50 per month; in flrst-class
condition.
$5.200— Moss et. near Folsom: 2 flats. 6-6
rooms; rent $40; lot 24x80 ft; good In-
vestment.
$4,600— Silver st. near Third st: 2 flats. 6-B
rooms; modern plumbing; $1500 has Just
been spent in renovatinz; rents $40. •
$8.250— Ellis st., near Laguna; two-«tory bay-
window residence of 9 rooms and bath;
lot 25x120 ft to rear street.
$16,500— California st, near Laguna: flne resi-
dence of 0 rooms and bath; large lot
34:4^x132 feet: house will readily rent
for $100 per month.
$18,000 — Franklin st, near Pacific ave.; .three
elegant marine view flats of 8 rooms
and bath each; total rents $162 60; lot
27:6x92:10% feet
$30,000— Market-et. corner. 3 frontages ; grand
site for apartment-house or flats; lot
181x100 and 163 feet; only a few blocks
from the City Hall.
$11.000 — Clay et. near Buchanan; beautiful 12-
rootned residence: all modern improve-
ments; lot 25x100 ft; a bargain.
$27.600— Polk st. near Bush: 3-story and base-
ment brick building; rents $114 60; rents
can be raised; lot 30 ft front.
$50,000 — Turk St., near Jones: present rent
$120; lot 60x37:6 ft; should have new
building.
$23,000— Large Tenth-st comer, close to Mar-
ket; lot 76x110 ft; rents $167; will pay
6 per cent net
$10,000 — Modern X-stpry and basement house,
north side Jackson st: marine view;
hardwood floors, natural wood finish, five
bedrooms, electrio lighting; lot SOx
127:8% feet.
$1,000— Ninth ave., near California st:; flna
building lot, 25x120 feet
$300 each — Fine building lots. Army st.
near Castro, 26x115 feet each.
$16,500 — NW. cor. Clay and Spruce sts.: grand
marine view residence, colonial style.
- large square hall, living-room, reception-
room, dining-room, kitchen, servants*
room; all rooms finished in hard wood;
5 bedrooms on second floor; large room
In attic: basement contains laundry,
Btoreroom, wlneroom, furnace, etc ; lot
37:6x100 feet;- permit to Inspect pro-
curable at office.
$22,500 — Corner of Seventh and Natoroa sts.;
frame Improvements, renting for $iW
per month.
Lake st— Various lots from Thirteenth tc
Twenty-third aves. at very low figures.
Full information at office.
$1,730 each— Broderick st, near Post; flne
building lots, 25x125 ft. each; ready to
build on; only 3 lots left
$8,100 — Sutter st., near Devisadero: substan-
tial residence; stable; large lot: 69:3^x
114 ft; or will sell 34:3x114 ft for $6500.
$15,000— Bush st. Inside of Hyde; a large, sub-
stantial residence of 15 rooms and bath;
now renting for $95 monthly; lot 27:6x
137:0 ft; mortgage of 5S50O at 6 per
cent can remain; property must be sold
within 90 days.
$20,000 — Broadway, near Gough St.; handsome
residence. 6 bedrooms, bath; beautiful
marine view; house in perfect order; lot
a2: 6x137 :« ft
Get a copy of our printoj list of properties
for sale.
SHAINWALD, BUCKBEE & CO.,
Real Estate Agents.
218-220 Montgomery st
NELSON. JOHNSON & CO.,
20u Montgomery St., opp. Mills bldg.
MUST BE SOLD THIS WEEK.
Financial difficulties cause immediate need of
money. i
$10,500— Cost $14,000 a few months ago: noth-
ing must stand In tlie way of a sale;
any offer submitted; to fully appreciate
th*«e 3 attractive, modern, well-built
flats of 7, 8 and 8 rooms, on the north
side of Sutter st. with large, handsome
lot, In one of the best residence blocks
in the city, you must see them.
FOUR BEAUTIFUL RESIDENCES FOR LIT-
TLE MONEY.
$2,500 cash — Stelner st. ; attractive, bay-win-
dowed. 6 rooms and bath; Improvements
alone cost the money; $2500 mortgage
at 0 per cent.
$5,250 will buy this; nowhere on Pine st. can
.you obtain a handsome, modern, bay-
windowed residence of 8 rooms and bath
for this money.
$5,500 — A revelation In up-to-date appoint-
ments; beautifully finished; dome ceil-
ings; abundance of closet room; high
basement; 8" rooms and bath. ' servants'
rooms, etc.; swell new surrounding!. :
. 67 Noe st, few feet from Duboce Park.
$10,COO buys that elegant family residence; im-
provements alone cost price asked, with
beautifully situated key lot 30x110:0.
containing 9 rooms and bath, reception
hall, servant's room, butler's pantry, j
kitchen range, etc., large garden; cement
walks; choice marine- view; make us an
offer, no matter how little, and we will
submit it
SOUTH OF MARKET BARGAINS.
$5,600 — Rents $600; all rented; 37:6 frontage;
property in Al condition: new sanitary
p.lumblng; tank toilets, etc.; nr. Fourth.
NELSON, JOHNSON & CO.,
205 Montgomery st, opp. Mills bldg.
R. D. CRANSTON & SONS.
Real Estate and Insurance Brokers,
114 Montgomery street
FLATS FOR SALE.
A SPECIAL BARGAIN.
A SPECIAL BARGAIN.
$11,000— Three new flats, rented for $1,225 a
year; well built and thoroughly up to
date: 710 Clayton street, near Halght-
JUST WHAT YOU WANT.
$7,600 — A beautiful new 10-room residence,
near Golden Gate Park; elegant wood
mantels, gas and electric fixtures;
handsome tiled bathroom; open to-day
(Sunday) for Inspection; 846 Clayton'
st. near Frederick.
$7,000 — Two light sunny flats, renting for
$G90 a year, on Scott st, near McAl-
lister.
$8.000 — Four good flats near Bush and
Franklin streets; rent $S16 a year;
lot 60x60.
$4,000 — Two flne flats on Vallejo st. near
Larkin; rents $36 per month; always
rented.
$3,800— Two pretty flats in the Mission
warm belt; rent $34.
$5,000 — A bargain on Pacific st. near Hyde;
2 flats of 5 and 0 rooms and bath; rent
$41.50; can be Increased.
BUILDING LOTS.
$6,600 — The best and . cheapest lots in the
Park district: north elde of Page, near
Cole st; C0xl37:6.
$1,700 — Large, well-situated lot on Ashbury
Heights; 30xS5.
$4,000 — Cheapest lot on Fillmore st, near
Hayes; 25x100.
$9,000 — Fine corner opposite new postoHlce;
lot adjoining sold for $18,000.
BARGAINS.
$2300— Cottage, 4 rooms and bath, etc.; brick
foundation; in flne repair; lovely home; lot
25x114; sunny side.
$1300 — Cottage, 4 rooms; lot 25xS0; Folsom
st; 14* block from cars; street work all done.
$3400 — 2-story, 7 rooms; modern; lot 20x125;
flne neighborhood; between Twenty-fifth and
Twenty-sixth sts.. Fair. Oaks.
$1100— Lot 23x125; Fair Oaks st, between
Twenty-flfth and Twenty-sixth; sunny side;
flne neighborhood; lot in same block held
at $2000.
$1650 — Lot 25x78:6: San Jose ave., between
Twenty-flfth and Army sts.; bltumlnized and
sidewalk.
$550—2 lots, 23x114; Duncan st.
J. F. PLUMBE. 1402 . Valencia s't
JOSEPH STRAUB, 630 Market St
$3000 — 2 flats, 9 rooms, basement; rear house
4 rooms; basement of 2 rooms; Mason and Fil-
bert sts.
$8500 — Good income property; nice locality;
3 bay-window flats: basement; sun all day;
pays over 11 ner cent.
Nice level lots on Eighteenth and Nineteenth
aves.; easy installment or cash; south of park;
marine view.
$200— Choice level lots, ready to build on;
Excelsior Homestead; Mission: Installment
DON'T MISS THE OPPORTUNITY! 7~~~7
. . You can have a new, modern, 5 room and
bath cottage at 825 Alvarado, near Douglass,
and close to new schoolhouse, for the rent
money you are now wasting; we have given
deeds for over 200 homes to people ¦ who
would otherwise be paying rent JACOB
HEYMAN CO.; 117 Sutter st.
DESIRABLE • sunny building lots/close to
Duboce Park; bituminized streets: lots level
and ready to build on; a rare chance to ob-
tain a holding admirably situated and close
to the city at a very reasonable price; dia-
grams, price and all further particulars at
our office. G. II. UMBSEN & CO..
._.••¦¦ ¦¦ 20 Montgomery st.
FOR sale — As a whole or In subdivisions; 50-
vara lot; south line Union st, 137:0 feet east
of Pierce; lot northeast corner . Green and
. Pierce sts. ;' lot 103:6x137:0 feet Inquire of
CHARLES C. BEMIS, Real Estate Broker,
221 Sansome st.
TWO flats. Nob. 1417' and 1419 Pacific st;
price $3500; $500 down, balance $36 month.
CONTINENTAL BLDO. & LOAN ASSN.,
\ 301 California st.'San Francisco. Cal.
$400 LOT for $220; must sell this week. R. G..
. box 1001. Call. .
I REAI, ESTATE— CITY— FOR 8ALB.
EASTON,. ELDRIDGE ,& COMPANY, *
¦¦'-. . ¦ 638 MARKET ST.
• . AUCTION.
- , AUCTION. • , , •
¦¦ AUCTION.
TUESDAY, AUGUST 25 1903
At Our Salesroom. C38 Market St.
At 12 O'Clock Noon.
WESTERN ADDITION FLATS.
| E. line of Buchanan St., 137:0 ft. N. of
j Union; beautiful bay-window frame building.
I consisting of two flats, 6 and 7 rooms and
j baths; modern in every respect; Nos. 3018 and
3020; lot 25x117:6 ft
SOUTH OF ' MARKET-STREET INVEST-
MENT.
NW. line of Harrison st. 185 ft NE. of
Eighth; Nos. 1176, 1176A and 1176B; improve-
ments consist of 3-story frame building, con-
taining 3 flats and small building in the rear
containing 2 rooms; rent $42 50 a month; lot
20x80 ft.
SUNSET DISTRICT BLOCK.
Entire block of excellent land, bounded by
Seventeenth and Eighteenth aves. and W and
! X- sts.. being block. 1257. size 240x600 ft; this
! Is a most desirable location for a roadhouse,
j being adjacent to the famous Ingleside racing
' course and covered with eucalyptus trees. It
] is on a oar with Trocadero.
i MISSION BUILDING CORNER,
i NE. corner of Seventeenth and Noe sts.; ex-
tremely desirable corner; lot 30x01:6 ft; this
' is a particularly desirable location for stores
' and fiat?. '
! MISSION BUILDING SITES.
I NE. corner of Seventeenth and Prosper sts.;
•lot 25x01 :B ft; an excellent location for the
. erection of flats; this property lies In theheart
! of the warm belt.
I EL1ZABETH-ST. INVESTMENT.
S. line of Elizabeth st., 236:8 ft. west of
Diamond st: 2 very desirable building lots,
size 51:8x114 ft; Improvements on property
consisting of a cottage of 5 rooms. i
' WESTERN ADDITION FLATS.
; N. line of Bush st, E. of Broderick; Nos.
' 2G26 and 2G2GA, 6 and 7 rooms; flne stable In
the rear; rent $48 60 per month; lot 27:6x
j 137 :C ft.
DOWNTOWN INVESTMENT.
N. line of Clay st. 76:6 ft. W. of Powell.
corner of Parker alley; improvements consist
of a substantial 2-story brick building; ex-
tremely large lot. 30:6x97:6 ft
BRODERICK-ST. BUILDING LOT.
W. line of Broderick st. 75 ft. -N. of Oak;
very desirable neighborhood; 1 block from en-
trance of Golden Gate Park Panhandle; 25x
i 100 ft.
For further particulars apply to
EASTON, ELDRIDGE & CO.,
638 Market st
EASTON. H^BXDGB* TOg^ STR __ T>
(Established 1875.)
$125,000 — Jones-st. hotel; rents for $650 per mo.;
76 ft. frontage.
$125,000— 50 vara lot; strictly downtown corner
oh • Leavenworth st. ; present Improve-
ments building; renting for $225 per mo.
$70.000— Market-st building site; present Im-
provements pay $112 50 per mo.; 25 ft.
frontage; adjoining property recently
sold for $4000 per front foot.
$65,000— Golden Gate ave. frontage of 42 ft;
Improvements consist of a 3-story brick
building, renting for $204 por month.
$28,000— Business cor. on Steiner 8t: 55, ft.
frontage; large double store and 0 new
flats above, containing 0, 7, 7 r. and b.;
all rented; rents $210 per month.
$35,000— Polk-st business property; improve-
ments 3-story bldg., containing stores
nnd- flats above; being in flne shape;
located in the principal block of Polk st.
$45,000 — Choicest block on Leavenworth st;
fine lot, 75 feet frontage; present im-
provements renting for $325 per month.
I $20,000— Cor. on McAllister St., close to Mar-
¦ ket; 60 ft. frontage; 3 very flne dwell-
ings on property; by raising and plac-
ing stores underneath could be made to
pay a handsome revenue.
$20,000-— Larkln-st. cor: 35 ft. frontage: im-
p'rovements consist of a 3-story bldg..
containing stores and flats; rents $117 50
per month.
$1S,000— McAllister st., west of Fillmore;
property desirable for bldg. site; 62 ft
frontage; improvements on property at
present pay 580 per month; this prop-
erty Is being sold to close an estate
and no reasonable offer refused.
$18,000—3 elegant new flats on Pacific Heights,
containing 8 r. each; porcelain bath,
jlectrlc lights; renting for $1«2 60 mo.
$17,000 — Absolutely the cheapest piece of prop-
erty on Jones st; property selling in
the same block for $1000 per front foot;
take advantage of this sacrifice imme-
diately; lot 25 ft. frontage; improve-
ments paying $S0 per month.
$16.000 — Howard, near Uth; 33 ft frontage;
modern Improvements.
$15.000— O'Farrell st, west of Laguna ; 3 new
flats, rU rented; 30 ft frontage.
$14,000—6 new flats on Waller st, renting for
$1452 per year.
$13,000— Howard 6t, near Oth: elegant store
and 2 modern flats: almost new; this is
the cheapest piece on Howard St.
$11.000 — 3 new flats on Halght st. close to
Market; always rented; this Is a rare
opportunity to secure 3 flats at bargain.
$9,S00 — Stelner-st. residence, 10 rooms, porce-
lain bath; steam heater 'in basement;
modern architecture; rents for $65 mo.
$4, SCO— Elegant cottage. 7 r. and b. : high'
basement; Park Panhandle district;
this Is a great bargain.
$8,500— Callfornla-st investment; best piece
of property in the W. A.; size 34:6x
137:6 ft.: Improvements consist of an
8-room dwelling; rents for $32 50 mo.
$3,2C0 — Modem lnveptment, south line of 25th
st, near Sanchez.; Improvements con-
sist of house, 2 flats, 5 rooms and bath
each, patent closets, brick foundation,
windmill and tank: no water bills to
. pay; mortgage of $1300 can remain.
$3,000 — A snap; 3 flats, south of Market; ;
present rents low nt $2S per month.
BARGAINS IN BUILDING LOTS.
$3,250— West line of Fillmore st, near Oak;
27 ft. frontage. v
$2,150— West line of Walter st.. 245 ft north
of 14th st: lot 25x125 ft; street bitum-
inized; concrete sidewalk.
$2.000— North line of 15th St.; large lot, 25x33
ft: bltumfnlzed.
$450 — North line of 22d st, west of Church;
size 25x114 ft.
$75 — West line of 29th ave.. 175 ft. north
of W st, close to Ocean boulevard; thl*
Is a flne investment; purchase this and
deed It to your little one.
EASTON, ELDRIDGE & CO.,
C3S Market street
c! Ml WOOSTER CO.. ~
C. M. • WOOPTER CO.,
C. M. WOOSTER CO.,
64S Market street
$60,000— Stores, flats, etc.; large S-story build-
ing on the downtown business portion
of Larkin st; lot 63:9x137:6; rents low,
$4500.
$40,000 — Corner lot, 80x77:6. about 250 feet from
the new Falrmount Hotel; improvements
elegant modern residence; grand site for
apartment house or hotel; magnificent
view.
$26,000— Modern 3-story building on a Golden
Gate avenue corner, not far from Van
Ness avenue; Improvements 2 stores and
4 flats; rents low. $2100.
$15,000^ — 1 flats, S-S-5 rocms and bath; brick
foundation; lot 25x87:6; on Leavenworth
• st.,' near Sutter; a small expenditure on
remodeling this property would make a 1
per cent proposition out of It; land alone
worth the money.
$12,000 — 6 modern Hats of 6 rooms, bath, etc.:
In flrst-class condition; brick foundation;
good plumbing, etc.: 10 years old; rents
low for $1.'J68; the gloss of newness has
gone from this property and the rents
have reached the staple value of a per-
manent Investment; the neighborhood is
rapidly improving; lot 51x96.
$9,000 — Two 2-story residences of 9 rooms; in
good condition: would easily remodel
Into flats; on Eddy st; lot 45x137:6.
$7,500—2 new modern .flats on Sbrador st,
near Waller; rents $750; lot 25x137:6.
$0,000— Rents $756 per annum: six 2-story flats
on the east side of Harriet st, near
Harrison; this property Joins the 6th-
street frontage; lot 50x75. ,
$5,750 — Mission business corner; rents $720; 3
stores with rear rooms, and modern flat
of 6 rooms and bath; corner lot, 50x80;
property always rented; this is the big-
gest kind of a bargain. <
$4,500 — Handsome modern cottage, 6 rooms,
bath; 7-foot basement; in tho very best
of condition; between Page and Oak sis.;
lot 25xlC6:3; half block from Park Pan-
handle.
$3,800 — 4 modern flats on Fair Oaka st, near
22d; rents $480; lot 80x117:6; in the heart
of the Mission warm belt.
$2,760 — Handsome modern cottage of 6 rooms,
bath, large basement; modern plumbing;
lot 25x100; on Point Loboa- ave., near
Eighth ave.
We advertise an entirely different list
of properties in the Chronicle, Examiner
and Bulletin.
C. M. WOOSTER CO.. 048 Market st.
HEADQUARTERS FOR PARK LOTS!
$500 to $1200— Only graded lots fronting
boulevard, ocean and park. • Unobstructed
view from every lot. I Fronting electric cars.
Don't miss this opportunity.. Easy terms.
$60 to $250 — Near ocean and park — $3 monthly.
Oceanslde branch office on 49th ave. and K st
OPEN SUNDAYS.
BELLING FAST— SEE THEM TO-DAY.
$500 to $1000 — New lots In Sunset District
Graded and sewered, near cars, $10 monthly.
Sunset branch office on Oth ave., near H at.
$150 to ' $200— Level Excelsior Homestead ' lots
near Mlsslon-st electric cars — $5 monthly. .
Choice Richmond District lots, $10 monthly.
$1000. to $3500 — *, <6 and 6 room modern cot-
tages, - Sunset, Richmond and Excelsior
Homestead. .All bargains!
\ Easy, terms! .
: BOL GETZ & SON, owners and dealers.
Room 64, Chronicle • building. -
STOP PAYING RENT. •¦ .- ¦ •..-.•¦¦.
$100 down. bal.. $20 per month; cottage 6 r.
and b., on 26th st, half block Castro-st cars.
| $250 down/ bal. . $20 per month ; cottage 5 r.
and b., Sanchez st. Office' open on Sunday.
' D. COFFIN & CO.. 3303 Miss Inn m*.
RKAti ESTATE CITY— FOR SALB.
DAVIDSON _ LEIGH^ 219 Montgomery St-
Real Estate, Opp. Mills Bide
FLATS.
$15.240— Sacramento St.. near Scott: 2 of the
most elegant flats In this city; 8-0
rooms and baths; every room sunny:
finished 3 months; leased for 5 years;
' pay* 10 per cent net; lot 27:exl3»:o.
140.000—6 elegant flats, 9 rooms and bath each;
nothing finer in the city: lot 55x1- .;
pays 8 per cent net; north side Wash-
ington st., between Polk and Larkin.
$16,500— Fell st. near Central ave.; 3 swell
flats, 7. 7. 8 rooms and baths; rent $loo
per annum; lot 25x137:6.
$9.600— Rents $950 per year; 2 elegant ne- 1
flats, 8, 9 rooms, bath, basement; key
lot: every room sunny and light! marine
view; lot 25x137:6: Walnut st. nr. Clay.
INVESTMENTS.
SPECIAL. __ _
$137,600— 137:0x137:6; full 60 vara on Turk
St.. close to Market; right in the heart
of the retail business district; this prop-
erty will double in value In less than 5
years; a chance of a lifetime; we can
procure a tenant that will pay 10 per
cent net on secured lease for a modern
building constructed on this property.
Mission st. north side, near water
front; large building site; any size;
cheap.
8110.000— All offers submitted: positively must
¦ be sold; lot 187:6x137:9; partly im-
proved: pays at present $7200 per yearx
room for 100 additional rooms for which
present tenant will pay $1O.2OO per year;
plans all prepared; with the additional
Improvements the property win pay 12
per cent per annum.
$67,000—74x137; East St.. through to Dromm;
adjoining Santa Fe depot and facing
water front; flrst-class Improvements
adjoining; a bargain.
$10,000 — 11th st. near Market: fine 8-story
- building, large store and 2 modern flats
above, o rooms and bath each: flne con-
crete floor; cost $20,000; forced sale; all
offers submitted.
LOTS.
110,000 — Special— Howard st, near 23th; 120x
115 to rear street; only $83 per front
foot; flne location for flats; forced sale
to close estate.
$125 per front foot worth $200; beautiful
marine view lots on north line of Val-
lejo st., between Steiner and Pierce:
swell location; best bargain in the city;
lots any size and full depth.
Improved and unimproved property in
all parts of the city; easy terms; call
for list
DAVIDSON & LEIGH. 219 Montgomery St
Opposite Mills Building.
A. J. RICH & CO., REAL ESTATE AGENTS,
112 MONTGOMERY STREET.
$40,000.
Turk street; business investment; not far
from Market etreet; lot 60 feet front.
$17,000.
Harrison, street: large corner; 66x100; near
Sixth street; improvements consist of store
and flats; rent $137 50 per month; always
rented.
$17,000.
Butter street, near Fillmore; largo lot;
52x137: a ; partly Improved; well rented;
mortgage of $9,000 can remain.
$16,000.
Buchanan street, between Paclflo avenue
and Broadway; elegant large residence; lot
. 32 feet front; marine view.
$15,000.
Post street, near Larkin; house of ten
rooms and bath; lot 25x120, to rear street.
$13,500.
Fillmore street: three modern flats, near
Clay; rents $90 per month.
$12,500.
Larkin and Chestnut streets; corner resi-
dence; lot 27:6x110; unobstructed marine
view.
$12,500.
Broadway: corner residence; nine rooms
and bath; lot 30x112:6; unobstructed marine
view.
$12,500.
Laguna street; corner; two modern Im-
proved flats; rents $86 €0 per month.
$11,000.
Pine street residence, between Gough and
Octavla; ten rooms and bath; lot 2Sxl37:6.
$11,000.
Devisadero street, near Clay; residence of
ten rooms and bath; lot 34x110.
$8,250.
¦ Commercial street, near Kearn y; three-
story and basement brick building; pays 10
per cent on Investment.
$7,750.
Masonio avenue, near Waller street; new
modern Improved residence; nine rooms and
bath; lot 25x100.
$7,000.
Portola avenue: house and lot: near Waller
street; eight rooms and bath; lot 25x90.
$0,650.
Modern improved flats; Cherry street, near
Clay; lot 25x110:6; a bargain.
$4,000.
Green street, near Franklin; cottage; lot
23x130.
$3,300.
Lexington avenue, near Twentieth street;
house of six rooms and bath: cheap home
A. J. RICH & CO..
112 Montgomery street
MADISON & BURKE.
REAL ESTATE AGENTS.
ESTABLISHED JANUARY. 183S.
30 Montgomery st Opposite Lick House.
Sacramento st., between Larkin and Polk;
3 houses and lot 55x118. paying large in-
come; only $16,000 asked.
Fillmore st, corner of Geary; 185 feet on
Geary and 137:6 feet on Fillmore: the
largest and finest corner on the market
on any business street; $40,000; call for
particulars.
Jackson st, 50- vara lot, corner Lyon; an ele-
gant sightly building location; commands
grand, unobstructed view and best neigh-
borhood In city; only $30,000.
$S0O0 — To close an estate; Dolores st, near
Sixteenth; 3 houses; rents $60; large lot;
must sell immediately; call for particu-
lars.
$6000— Folsom St., near First: 23x70; this lo-
cation is advancing rapidly.
$9000 — Hayes-st Investment, near Buchanan;
2 buildings; rents $63 60 per month; 27:0
xl2O to rear street.
$5000 — Leavenworth-st home, near Jackson;
6 rooms and bath; lot 22:6x137:6.
$2350 — Shotwell. near 24th st; 6 rooms and
bath; lot 22:3x122:6.
$2500 — Rents $2S per month: two houses on
Converse St., near Bryant and Eighth;
lot 25x75.
LOT&
$4200— Stelner st. near O'Farrell; 23xlO»:».
$2500 — Lots on Larkin, near Broadway; $100
per foot.
Choice residence lots on Sutter, Post and
Steiner sts. in sizes to suit
Building lots, northeast corner Golden Gate
ave. and Baker St., in sizes to suit.
Prices from $2000 upward.
MADISON & BURKE.
30 Montgomery st., opp. Lick House.
$40,000— BRICK building in the very business
center of Oakland, paying 6 per cent
net; clear of all taxes. Insurance and
repairs; under guaranteed lease; prop-
erty cost $65,000. I must sell Imme-
diately. Address Owner, Box 816. Call
¦¦;-;; office, Oakland. >.,v^;,- -.^ •. •
$20 MONTHLY pay s for a 4 room and bath
cottage and level lot, 23x114; Just been built.
Hi blocks from Mission-st cara OSCAR.
HEYMAN. 14 Post st
2 NEW flats: you can buy them on easy
monthly payments; we are building them in
Richmond, within one block of 4 car lines.
OSCAR HEYMAN. 14 Post st.
$20 MONTHLY pays for a 4 room and bath
cottage and level lot, 25x114; Just been built.
\Vi blocks from Mission-st. cars. OSCAR
HEYMAN, 14 Post st.
NEAT cottage; 4 roorms; modern Improve-
ments; ttrms same as paying rent Apply
lumber yard, SE cor. Alabama and Mont-
calm sts.
BEAUTIFUL 8-room modern residence; large
lawn; best part Pacific Heights. THE Mc-
CARTHY CO.. 046 Market st
$2,500 — FOR sale, a modern 5-roora and bath
cottage. 4516 Twentieth st, near
Eureka.
FINE corner. 75xS0 ft. Market and Dolores
st. For particulars see sign on premises..
$2800 — RENTS $30; 3 flats. 4 r. each, on Val-
lejo st, nr. Leavenworth. Inq. 112S Vallejo.
THREE elegant new flats, 6 and 7 rooms.
Church and Seventeenth sts.
FOR sale cheap — A lot 110x114; on Ellen st.
next to Douglass st For information call at
545 Stevenson st
FOR sale — House 8 rms.; high basement; sunny
side 19th. bet Valencia and Mission; no reas.
offer refused. Stephens & Co.. Unlon-sq. Mkt
CHEAPEST and best in America — The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address In the
United States or Canada one year for Jl.
postage paid.
REAL ESTATE WASTED.
WANTED — To lease (furnished) a good paying
stock and grain ranch for a term of years,
with the privilege of buying. Box 1036, CalL
SAX FRAXCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE cf the Ean Francisco
Call, cetxer Market and Third streets; open
cata 12 o'clock every night in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— C27 Montgomery street,
eoraer Clay; open until 9:50 p. m.
SCO Hayea rtrect; open until 9:20 P. m.
CS9 McAllister street; open until 9:30 p. m.
CIS Larkin street; open until 0:30 p. m.
1941 Mission street: open until 10 p. m.
22C1 Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
cctil I p. a
108 Eleventh etreet: open until » p. m.
1C9C Valencia street: open until 9 p. m.
Northwest con i»r of Twenty-teoond and Ken-
tucky streets: open ¦until O p. m.
_2200 Flllmore ctwt; cpen until 9 p. P. ,
HEAL KXThTV r^___^_zZ~-VLJt£2£2- j
LYON & HOAG 110 MONTGOMERY ST. |
A FINE BUSINESS CORNER |
$27.000— Comer lot. SXixM); en the Icsdlng busl- .
ness street in the Mission; m ***_*£*_£_?¦. '
proved with store, an* flats; total rent* $1<W ,
it could be materially increased at small
outlay. ¦
MIESION-ST. PROPERTT. j
$:n250— Let 60x122:6. improvements consist o. j
4 flats; tot«l rents $02: could be raised; the ,
owner is a MB-ces*«et_ and baa not taken
cdrantsxe cf increasing rents.
HAIGHT-ST. FLATS.
$12.000— Three fine Cats on the s^nyf*?.."
Halght »t.. inside of Buchanan; lot 30x137.8,
rents low at |00.
A SPECIAL BARGAIN.
•4100— Reata U*: Lexington «ve rear Twen-
tieth; 2 l_x* of 5 rooms and bath «_ch; also
rtar _ou?*: brick foundation.
A SWELL RESIDENCE.
le^OO— A handsome home oloee to *nd overlook-
ing Golden Gate Park; contains 3 rooms and
bath laundry bllllard-room, etc; handsome-
ly finished In hard woods; t— is house was
built by a prominent architect tor a home
fTid ao axjienae was spared.
A HOME r.TJAXt THE PRZSIDIO.
$4400— Brand new 2-story and basement boose
on Birth ave.. north ot Lake it: oontalns 6
rocms and bath and all conveniences;, lot
25x127; only a few steps from Sacramento-sC
cars.
ANOTHER BUSDTESS CORNER.
$15.600— Lot bSxOO. on Twenty-touith st. near
Folsom; improvements consist of 5 houses, 8
stores ard 2 flats; also 4 dwellings; total
rents $111; could be increased.
THREE NEW FLATS.
$11,000— Reels $87 50; facing Duboce Park;
contain 6 rooir.s and bath each; haadsome
building in a good renting neighborhood.
SOLD AT A GREAT LOSS.
r<:.O — Handsome corner residence on FlHmore I
rt; must be eo'.d at once; owner leaving the j
State, cot to return; house contains 11 rooms, i
bath, etc.; hardwood floors in hall, parlors,
dining-room and library; hot air furnace; |
billiard-room, etc >
$21.500— A flne corner lot contains 11,700!
square feet; only 2 blocks from water front: |
Sitnsoine and Green sts., near belt railroad;
• great lot to improve.
$2'i.W0 — An excellent investment en one of our
beet uptown business streets; new 3-story
building; 2 stores and 4 flau; total rent
$lt5; lot 40x60; ben buy on the market.
$40.000— One block from O'FarreU and Powell;
4-story building, built 7 years aeo; lot con-
tains 2400 square tcvt; pays 5 per cent now;
no lea*e; will pay nearly 8 per cent under
lease.
$2/x»o — $500 cash, balance $27 monthly, includ-
ing Interest; a new house on Elizabeth st,
near Diamond; contains 0 rooms and bath;
2 mantels; cost much more than price asked.
$3500 — F.'i'teenth et., near Howard; splendid
bargain; good 2-story house, 0 rooms and
bath; brick foundation; owner must go East.
Call for our complete printed list of property
Tor sale in all sections of the city.
LYON & HOAG, lib Montgomery st
TAKE YOUR VlFE AND FAMILY
TO MILL VALLEY ON SUNDAY
And see the tplendld lots we are offering
right at the station for $400; terms 10 per
rent cash, balance flO monthly; large lots,
:>Uxl25. The new electric trains are now
running: the Iwst service in the country- You
will have a pleasant outing, and if you buy
a let it will prove a very profitable one;
vaiwts are bound to increase: agents on the
grounds Sundays. LYON & HOAG. llfi
Montgomery et
BUKNHAM & MARSH CO..
211 MONTGOMERY ETREET.
CHOICE DOWNTOWN CORNER!
VAN NESS AVE. CORNER!
OFFERED- VERY LOW!
Large lot. only partly improved, but rents
for $460 a month.
PAY 11 PER CENT NET.
$36,000 — Only ij cash; new building; only 5
minutes' walk from Kearny Et, and
north of Market ct
CHOICE GROCERY CORNER!
Pay 7 per cent net
$13,500 — 2 etorts end 2 flats, east of Stelner
st; low rents; has flne future.
ANOTHER BARGAIN.
12C.C00 — Rent $174 a month; 2 stores and 4
flats; Golden Gate ave.; not far from
Van Ness ave.
ELEGANT RESIDENCE.
Dnly $500 cash, balance like rent, for new
modern residence of 9 rooms end bath
on Shrader st. near Carl, Park Pan-
handle district; rustic brick facing;
marble steps, dining and breakfast
room in flemish oak; modern in all
];articulars; don't fail to see them.
CORNER 25TH AND HOWARD.
Large corner 97:t5xll5, fronting 3 streets; flne
lot for club, church, school or flats;
must be cold.
BUPH FT. INVESTMENT.
$32,5C0— Rent 5223 50 a month; large lot. C6x
117 :ti; partly Improved, and downtowii.
SECURE A HOME!
Only 5250 cash required.
$3,000— For modern cottage, built by daj-s'
work; t; rooms and bath; wood man-
tels; high light basement, and lot 30x
JOO; Western Addition location, and but
20 minutes from corner Kearny and
Market streets; flne view.
PATS $30 A MONTH.
$3,250— Store and flat on Eleventh street
PAYS $40 A MONTH.
$9,750 — Ninth street; business property.
PAYS $23 A MONTH.
$2,800— Store and fiat In Mission.
PAYS $40 A MONTH
$5,000— Store and flat in Mission.
ELKGANT FLATS.
Park Panhandle District.
,.$8,000 — R»»nt <t ; 0; low rent; modern; well
, " , built; very eunny.
BURNHAM & MARSH CO.,
21 1 Montgomery st.
VON RHEIN REAL ESTATE COMPANY
tl3 CALIFORNIA ST.
LEAVENWORTH, NEAR PINE.
$3..^U>— Larc lot, with new improvements-
renting for $2_! 50 per month. e ™enis.
,™~ GRAND SUTTER-ST. LOT.
$30,000-35x120; Sutter tt, near Larkin, run-
itiinj through to Fern Rve. ; in the best retail
i', u ~ n A« s IocalIt - v °l »he Western Addition;
£1 00,000 apartment house In course of construc-
tion adjoining.
*-> -™ IS £ ION \ NEAR "XTEENTH.
$22...00—.5 ft. lot; four 10-room houses; with
Flight outlay v.ill pay 1 per cent per month.
MODERN DOWNTOWN FLATS
f21. 000— Masou M., near Pine, running
through to rear street; 4 new artistically fln-
if-hM flat* of 10 <S, C and 4 rooms, renting for
?183 50 per rncnth. ¦ T .
NEW FILL1IORE-ST. FLATS
C30CO — Four r.ew bay-window flats Of 4 room*
each, renting lor $S3.
MINNA-ST. FLATS.
$5500 — 25x75; Minm Ft., near Sixth; 3 flats
<-t t\-^-t rooms: mortsace of $2000 In Hibernia
js.ar.k can remain.
WARHINGTON-ST. HOME
WM— 25sl^7 :«; Washington st, near Hyde;
dwelling "of 7 rooms and bath.
MARINE VIEW LOT.
$575&— 34:1x1(3: W. line Devisadero st. near'
Green; beautiful marine view and In a raDidlv
nrowlng locality.
MISSION HOME.
$4500— 30x122 :«; Capp rt.. nar 381h; 2-story
IK I W IllfloW residence of 7 rooms and bath
: ' .¦¦¦ '.:.? tor $-'15 per month.
VAN NESS AVE. BUILDING LOTS
r*xJ37:«; wwrt line .Van Ness ave.. near
Or'«nwich; splendidly situated for a home or
ti&ts.
UNION-ST. BUILDING LOT.
41 :<:xJ25; Union Et., r.ear Van Ness ave.
ilODKRN BAY-WINDOW FLATS.
UUti — Laguna. «., ucar Union; 2 modern
fcev-wlndow n>_t£; rents
OCTAVIA-GT. COTTAGE.
fX95 — 3Jx72: Octa\_, ct. near Unim; well
built tgAttM* of 0 rcr.it.*: renting for $10.
JfJirH™.- * ro'— s r.r:i fcath; lot 23x125; this
»>'<y** fct Jj'fOQ r/!JI |:ay Its Insurance and tin
triil in 7 y<«— •; i roerns will" rent for $12
• n>l 4 fir HO. Call at Cigar store-, SW.
tv.tr/nc ««!i zrA Minion rts.
fSniYU: Ifcirhi* lots; maiino view; SW. cor.
r>*/tt #n-J Pilljtrt ets. THE MCCARTHY
CO., Li: Marktt St.
REXI, ESTATE— CITY—jFOn^SALjB.
$70,000— Rents $310 per month; flne inside cor-
ner not far from Union square; +-ftory
building and basement, stores and lodg-
ing-house; 3 frontages.
$45.000— Rents $J0O per month: under lease for
5 years; fine investment: close intown;
double frontage; substantial 4-story and
basement building of CO rooms; in flrst-
class condition; pays 7 per cent net
5*>6 000 — Rents .$175 per month; substantial Im-
provements in flats and store; large lot.
30 feet front.
$20,000— Rents $124 50 per month: corner on
California st. ; inside of Van Ness ave.:
3-story hcuse and - stores and upper;
large lot. 35 feet front.
$18,000 — ltents $118 50 per month; flne business
property near Third and Folsom 6ts. ;
substantial improvements in store and
fiats; steadily rented and in a good im-
proving location.
$15,000— Rents ?75 per month: Third-st Invest-
ment property: lot 25 feet front.
$12,500 — Rents $105 per month; 3 flne flats on
sunny side of O'Farrcll St. containing
7-«-« rooms and bath each; large lot,
27:0xl37:C.
$12,0C0— Rents J?1CO; gutter st: 3 modern flats
of 7-7-0 rooms and bath each; larse lot,
25x137 :C.
$10,500 — Rents S73 per month; Bush St.. near
Larkin: 2 flats and cottase; sunny lot.
25x137:0.
$9,C00 — Rents S6S 50; Bush St.; 3 modern up-
to-date flats; sure to enhance in value;
large sunny lot. 27:6x137:0.
$7,700—1101118 ?7<>; clc6e to Folsom and Ninth
»ts.; 4 flats steadily rented; larse lot.
over 30 feet front.
$7,000— Rents $02 60; Sacramento st: 2 very
choice flats of C-6 rooms and sunny lot,
25x102:0. «_,
$6.660— Rents $55 per month; 2 flats on Oak
st; with very sunny lot 25 feet front.
$5,750 — Rents $55 per month; close to 14th
and Mlseion sts.; 4 sunny flats and lot
25 feet front
$s 000 Rents $40 50 per month; close to Har-
rison and 25th sts.; 2 modern sunny flats;
« 500— Rents $30; close to 6th and Harrison
i sts.: 2 flats of 6 rooms each; lot 2a feet
! $3,250— Rents $30 per month: close to 17th and
Valencia sts.; 2 sunny flats and lot »6
$3 000— Rents $23 per month; close to Mission
sxd 19th sts.; 2 residences of 0 rooms
each; sunny lot.
For full particulars of the above and for the
Real Estate Record, containing a list of prop-
ertla. for sale In all parts of the city, .inquire
at our office. _ r um _ sen & _-_.
Real Estate Agents and Auctioneers.
20 Montgomery st.
BOARDMAN BROS, t CO..
Real Estate Agents,
138 Montcomery st.
•82 500 Near Jones and Ellis; 80-foot lot:,
good depth; splendid site for stores
and hotel.
$42,600 — Geary st.. downtown; large lot and
good Improvements; rental $185; can be
materially increased at small expense.
$30,000— Western Addition corner; fine new
I improvements; store and 5 Cats; $210
I a month.
I $23,000— Howard st; large lot: 2 frontages;
i old improvements; splendid manufac-
¦ turlng site: without doubt the cheap-
est buy in the neighborhood.
$10 000 — 2 blocks from Panhandle: 3 beauti-
ful modem flats: Just reduced from
$17,000; $132 50 per month; nearly 9
per cent net.
$12.500 — Howard st.. neer Second, with old
Improvements; a good turn can be
made here. ''.''!'¦
$11,000 — Western Addition corner; 30-ft. lot:
good Improvements; stores and flats;
$88 a month.
$8,000 — Mission flats on one of the best
streets; r.ew and handsomely finished,
with marble steps, etc.; $70 a month.
$0 500— Modern, attractive flats; California
st: $32 a month; 8 per cent net.
$6.000 — Close to Hermann and Market sts.;
3 cuod flats; rents $50.
$5,000 — On nice street, neaer California and
Fillmore sts.; 3 flats, and a house;
pays 1 t>er cent a month and with
sorie repairs will pay far better.
$4,500— Near Point Lobos ave.; 2 good flats;
$36 a month; and lot C0xl20.
$10.000 — Near Jackson and Fillmore, 30-foot
lot with modern 10-room house.
$9,000 — Corner residence on Panhandle: 10
rooms. 30-foot lot: modern and very
funny; comfortable and homelike.
(9 i 000_Xhoroughly modern house of 11
rooms: good, lot; mutiny and attrac-
tive; Presidio Heights; near cars.
$7,500^— Cozy little home; modern; sunny;
beautiful marine view; key lot.
$4,500— Near Stelner and California sts. ;
good 7-room house; sunny and com-
fortable: this is to close an estate;
make offer.
$2,250 — Twenty-fourth st. : comfortable,
modern cottage; eunny and pretty;
will exchange for good lot.
$10,000— Marine view lot on Broadway; beau-
tiful and convenient location.
$4,750 — McAllister st. north line, west of
Stelner; the best block on McAllister:
27:6-foot lots; no grading; sheltered
from winds.
$4,000 — North line Page, near Buchanan;
beautiful building lot.
BOARDMAN BROS. & CO.,
138 Montgomery st.
CALIFORNIA
TITLE INSURANCE AND TRUST CO..
410 MONTGOMERY ST.
MOVED FROM MILLS BUILDING TO MORE
COMMODIOUS QUARTERS IN
HAYWARD BUILDING.
CAPITAL ONE MILLION DOLLARS.
WHAT IS TITLE INSURANCE? It Is the
application of the principle of insurance to all
risks connected with the purchase cf real estate
and the loaning of money on mortgage security.
WHAT IS THE EFFECT? The effect is to
protect the innocent purchaser of mortgages
against all undiscovered liens. Judgments, mort-
gages, claims of titles, suits and losses Ut the
extent for which the California Title Insur-
ance and Trust Company policy is given.
THERE IS BUT ONE WAY TO ATTAIN
PERFECT security in purchasing or taking a
mortgage on real estate and that is to have
the title insured.
THE ONLY SAN FRANCISCO TITLE IN-
SURANCE COMPANY having a complete lo-
cality plant or copy of the real estate records,
constructed especially for Insuring real estate
titles like modern plants of New York, Boston,
Chicago and Eastern cities; reasonable rates;
regular trust company business transacted un-
der State charter: all matters controlled and
managed by the following
DIRECTORS AND TRUSTEES:
WILLIAM ALVORD.
President Bank of California,
CHARLES R. BISHOP.
Vice Pres. Bank of California.
ROBERT BRUCE,
Of Balfour, Guthrie & Co.
HENRY L. DAVIS.
President California Optical Co.
P. N. LILJENTHAL.
Manager Anglo-Californian Bank.
WARREN OLNEY.
OIney & OIney, Att'ys and Counselors.
CHARLES PAGE.
Page, McCutchen & Knight. Att'ys.
A. T. SPOTTS.
Mzr. Cal. Title Ins. and Trust Co.
JOHN R. SPRING.
Capitalist. 630 California st.
EPECK & CO..
667 Market st, opp. Kearny.
Real Estate Agents and Rent Collectors.
Full Charge Taken ot Property.
$150,000— Modern 6-story brick building, leased
$1145 per month: assuming mortgage
$75,000, investment pays 11 per cent
net: lot 60x137:6 feet.
$70,000 — New building; 1 tenant; 10 years'
cash security lease; pays 7% per cent
net; lot 35x137 :C feet ¦ T ¦*--¦„••
$53,000 — Best Larkln-st. corner, 87:6 feet
frontage; flne building; stores and lodg-
ing-house; very Fafe Investment.
$50.000 — Corner. 87x85 feet; new building; an-
nual rents $5172; pays over 10 per cent.
$60,000 — Corner, 137:6x137:6 feet: good Im-
provements; mortgage $30,000 ut 5^4
per cent can remain; pays 8 per cent
net.
$25,000 — Bush st, near Grant ave.; 45x126
feet; 2 frontages.
$19,000 — Corner business property; modern im-
provements; rents $164.
$18.000 — Fronting Golden Gate Park; rents
$180; splendid flats: lot 60x137:6 f*et
$17,500 — Sansome-st corner: rents $132 60;
stores and 1 floor above.
$10.500— Post-st flats; yearly rents $1770; lot
25:6x120 feet; 2 frontages.
$7,000 — Three good flats in Misslcn; rents $03
a month.
$6,500— Three fine flats, vicinity 18th and
Castro: rents 558 a month: lot 25x125.
$5,250 — 5th and Clementina; fine front and
rear improvements, leased 2 years at
$000 a year.
$5,000 — Four good fiats In Mission, always
rented at $48 a month.
$5.500 — Washington pt. near Laurel; 50x
127:8 feet: worth $3000; want offer.
$2,050— New cottage in Mission. 6 rooms ajid
bath; fine lot. *
$1.400 — Corner lot near Golden Gate Park.
25x100 feet. . -
$1,000 — Lot 110x111; corner cottage 3" rooms;
in M_sion.
THIS week we have disposed of six lots and
upon tbree of them we will at once begin
the erection of cottages. The buyers of
these homes have been counting up their
rent receipts and found, as all renters do,
that they have wasted more money in rent
than they could have purchased a home for.
It you readers are troubled the same way
turn a new leaf. It is never too late to do
Rood, and benefit tho*e dependins upon you.
Our terms arc most liberal, and as we own
lots in various parts of the city we . know
we can please you In location. We will
deal with you en a fair basis and. can con-
vince you of this fact.
-WEISSBEIN- EUO8. &. CO.. Owners,
£16 Sacramento st. near Montgomery.THE SAN FE Als CISCO CALL, SUNDAY, AUGUST 23, 1903.
41
MISCELLANEOUS WANTS.
TILTON wants good second-hand clothing and
theatrical goods. 164 Bth st. : t«l. Jessie 2831.
_^ MILLINERY.
Ladles' imported &. tailored hats Just In; call;
prices low to start them going; frames made
to flt the face. MME. DOSCH. 207 Post st.
MONEY TO LOAN. ~_
AAA— HERMAN MURPHY
e01-602-«03 Examiner building.
Quick settlements; no disappointment.
I have expenses by dealing directly.
Estates, second mortgages, undivided inter-
ests. assignments of rents property In trust,
etc.; legacies. Ufa estates and undivided In-
terests In property purchased.
Courteous treatment. Strictly confidential.
When You Need Money
Bee HERMAN MURPHY.
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry at
lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store. * 848
Market st. ; ttl. Main 1644. Branch. 19 Third.
MONEY loaned to salaried people, retail mer-
chants, teamsters, boarding-houses, without
security; easy payments; largest business In
46 principal cities. Tolman. 653 Parrott bldg.
A — 1 per cent on furniture or plano:no removal;
no commission: no publicity; $23 up; quick.
quiet, confidential. 26 Montgomery St.. r. 7.
MUNICIPAL LOAN OFFICE! 103 Grant tT«.,
LOANS FROM $1 TO $10.000.
AT cut rates on real estate, furniture or piano;
no commission. E. W. LICK 1003 Mutua
ear. Bk. bid.. 703 Market; phone Main 818.
S. F. DISCOUNT AGENCY— Loans to salaried
people on their note.
Th« TOUSLET CO 143 Phelan bldg.
MONEY to loan on low interest; gold, silver,
diamonds, pearls and precious stones bought
at W. J. HESTHAL'S. 10 Sixth st.
MONEY loaned to salaried employes. G. W.
MILLER, room 74. fifth floor. Chronicle bldg.
ONE per cent on furniture: $5 a month on each
$1000; any security. 302 Montgomery, room 18.
8% ON furniture ft pianos; $15 up; no removal;
. V. TREMAIN. room 81. 6 Eddy st.. floor 4.
ALL loans on diamonds and Jewelry 2 per cent
mo. 8. F. Collateral Loan Bank. 638 Kearny.
STAR Loan Co. of Wyoming loans money to
salaried employes. R. 311. Mutual 8aT.Bk.bld.
CASH loaned salaried people on notes without
. Indorser. MORRELL. 600 Examiner bid.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
AMONG OUR BARGAINS ARE:
8 Chlckerlngs $130, $183. $233
1 Filsber; upright $83
1 Jewett; mahogany; new $180
1 Schaffer ; mahogany; nt_W $183
2 Emerson $183. $213
2 Etelnway $163. $213
8 Heine $233 to $395
25 squares $13 to $170
7 organs $10 to $73
Rents $2 up allowed on purchase; Install-
ments $4 up; piano players from $90 up;
new pianos from $117 up. HEI.VE PIANO
CO., 235-237 Geary st.. agents for the Gab*
ler. Krell. Steger. etc.
A SMALL walnut Emerson upright, absolutely
like new. $133.- 237 Geary ttT\
8TEINWAY upright, left by private party.
$188; a great bargain. 237 Geary st.
A FEW upright bargains from $70 up, compris-
ing such makes as Chlckering, Jacobson.
Vose, Sterling, Knabe, Fischer, Schwechten,
Weser, Schuman and others; easy payments.
BENJ. CURTAZ A EON. 16 CFarrell St.; no
branches in San Francisco.
WE have a few snaps this week that are
very tempting and we can save you big
money on a good piano; come early. THE
ZENO MAUVAIS MUSIC CO.. 769 Market.
O. A. R. VISITORS— Free Ceclllan Piano
Player concerts daily at BYRON MAUZY 1 S.
All are welcome. 3CS Post st
BAND instruments; F. Besson. Paris, maker.
Ous Maiwald, Agt. Pac Coast. 278 O'FarreU;
skillful repairing; 2d-hand instruments sold.
THE big piano sale at BYRON MAUZY'S Is a
grand chance to purchase a piano cheap.
SOS Post et. .
UNFORSEEN circumstances caus* sacrifice of
¦ first-class 3-pedal upright piano. 358 Golden
Gate ave.
ALMOST new 3-pedal piano; must be sold.
012 Ellis st.
A NEW piano for sale cheap. Apply 5Bl
Geary st.
BARGAIN— Standard make upright; good con-
dition. 8CHMITZ ft CO.. 10 McAllister st.
Unredeemed storage pianos and furniture dirt
cheap. Whltehead's Storage. 1836 Market.
A GRAND rush at BYRON MAUZY'S sale ot
pianos; uprights, $50 up; squares. $20 up*
308 Post st.
CALL at BYRON MAUZY'S Piano House and
get prices on pianos which will please you.
30S Post st.
BEAUTIFUL 3-pedal Stelnway upright piano:
perfect order; sacrifice. Keeffe's,2S3 O'FarrelL
BUY direct from the factory and save SO per
cent. HORNUNQ. 216 McAllister st.
KOHLER ft CHASE. 30 O'Parrell St.; largest
anJ oldest piano house.
BE8T renting piano in city for $3 per month.
6COTT-CURTAZ PIANO CO.. 660 Hayes sU
6OHMER. Byron Mauzy pianos, CeelHan piano
player. BYRON MAUZY. 308-312 Post st.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
MULLER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
PERSONALS. .- '
A GRAPHOPHONE free with two dozen rec-
ords. Make your friends a present. Talking
machines and records or all makes ex-
changed. We are manufacturing headquar-
ters and our guarantee means something.
COLUMBIA PHONOGRAPH CO.. 12S Geary
St.. 8. F.. and 468 Thirteenth St.. Oakland.
A— FACIAL BLEMISHES REMOVED.
Wrinkles, yellow and flabby skin, birthmark*,
smallpox plttlngs and ecars scientifically re-
moved without cutting, massage, electricity or
medicines; special demonstrations this week.
Call or write DR. L. WILLIAMS. 371 Geary.
THE Star Hair Remedy restores gray hair. Im-
proves its growth:stops falllng;curea dandruff
and itching scalp; no stain or stickiness;
cleanses ecalp;at druggists', hairdressers' ;ac-
cept no substitute. Star RemedyCo..3S3Qeary.
WANTED — 999 men with scalp diseases; loss
of hair and baldness prevented (can treat by
mall, blank for stamp); consultation free;
8:30 to 6 Sundays 10 to 12. Prof. GEO. A.
QARI.OW. Specialist, room 218. 997 Market.
NOT how cheap, but bow good. Is the motto of
the manufacturers of the Rapid Rotary
Standard, the sewing-machine of to-day. J.
W. EVANS, agent. 1021 Market st.
RAG carpets wove to order and for sale; also
chenille- wove rugs, silk portieres; dealer in
carpet twine. In bank or chain, at lowest
rates. Ceo. Matthews. 709 Fifth St.. Oakland.
PHYSICIAN. 15 years' experience, cures per-
manently morphine, cocaine habit. Call or
addrese Central Pharmacy. 251 Grant ave.,
comer Sutter st.; fee moderate.
MARRIAGE Directory free to all: pay when
married; new plan; send no money. For par-
ticulars address H. A. HORTON, dept. 143,
Tekonsha, Mich.
BY a lady, another lady to share room or rooms;
rooms to be selected; a good reader or a com-
panion. Address box O, St. Nicholas Hotel.
DANCING Tuesday, Thursday, Saturday and
Sunday evenings at Teutonla Halt. Howard
st.. near Ninth; management Prof. Foster.
AT less than cost, uncalled for suits, overcoats
and trousers, at CHARLES LYONS'. London
Tailor. 721 Market st.
THE highest price paid for ladles' or gents'
cast-off clothing and all articles of value at
WEINBERG'S. 114A Ellis at
ELEGANT sulu on easy installments; SO cents
and up per week. LEON LEMOS. 1127 Mar-
ket St.. between Seventh and Eighth.
BRING your goods: will make tailored shirt
waist $1. The Fashion, 1129 Market, bet. 7A8.
MRS. RUMPLE will be pleased to meet old and
new friends her millinery parlors. 221 Geary.
SUITS to order on Installments. $1 per week.
Nenhaus & Co.. merch.tallors.727-729 Market.
ALL styles halrdressing. 25c: hair goods: manl-
curlng 23c. O. LEPERER. 123 Stockton st.
TAILOR-MADE suit $7 SO; dress pants $2 30.
Misfit Clothing Parlor, cor. Bush and Dupont.
SUPERFLUOUS hair and molea removed by
tlectrlc needle. Dr.ftMrs.Traverse.ll70Mark«r.
MASQUERADE costumes, play books, wigs.
country orders. GOLDSTEIN tk CO.. 733 Mkt.
ALFREDUM'S Egyptian Henna restores gray
hair to Its natural color: $1; at all druggists'.
Superfluous hair and moles removed with elec-
trio needle. Mm. ft Miss Eaton, lllfl Butter.
PHYSICIANS AND SURGEONS.
DR. C. C O'DONNELL — Office and residence.
1021% Market «l. bet. Sixth and Seventh.
BLOOD, skin and rectal diseases a specialty.
DR. BALL. 1073K Market St. '
REMOVED— DR. WONG HIM. herb doctor:
treats all diseases of the human body; for
past four years at 115-117 Mason; now lo-
cated at 667 Geary «t.. near Leavenworth. .
DR. TONO PO CHY. successor to Dr. LI Po
Tal. herb doctor: cures all diseases ot human
by use of herbs and teas. 727 Washington st.
WONG WOO. the famous herb doctor— All dls- \
eases cured by Chinese herbs. 74B-8 Clay st
PAPERHANOING. PAINTING, ETC. !
ROOMS papered. $3 BO up; tinting, painting. {
: Hartmann Paint Co., 31» 3d St.; tel. Main 413 I
OFFICES AXD STORES TO LET.
EMMA 6PRECKELS building. 027 Market st.-.
Office to let: rent $15; light, heat. Janitor and
telephone. ASHTON & GARDIXER.
For rent, halx of store. 2Sx»8 ft.: all the bas*-
ment:113DavU. Los Ang. Soap Co.. 124 Mkt.
'SANSOME 712. near Jackson— Handsome large
store to let; rent $25.
. S PALMISTRY. '
MME. DEVAS, scientific palmist and astroio-
gist. Office. 26 Ltebes bldg., 130 Post »t.: »1
palm readings; a questions free; Tues. eve.
MME. ZILLAH. scientific palmist and card
reader; 23 years' experience; Uta of New
Zealand and Australia. 523A Post st.
READ on page 32 of a young lady's marvelous!
escape from death through the advice of
ISMAR. the gypsy.
H. JEROME FOSKLLI. scientific palmist. Hi
Taylor St.. near Geary. Phone Black 581.
FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
FOLSOM. 754 (near Third)— One or two sunnj
rooms; gag, water, pantry, closet.
FOLSOM. 1143—2 or 5 furnished rooms for
housekeeping; bath and yard: cheap.
GOLDEN GATE ave.. 1004B — 1 sunny house-
keeping room. %S; also 2 for $15 or 3 well-
fur, connecting rms, gas. run. water. $20.
HERBERT (The) — Sunny apartments for
housekeeping; gas ranges: just newly fur-
nished. 1530 Polk st.
HYDE. 412 — Nice sunny, furnished rooms;
'housekeeping; laundry and yard.
JESSIE, 333 — Sunny front room, furnished
housckpg.. $12; other room. $10. gas ranges.
KEARNY. 104— Sunny unfurnished suite. $20;
newly papered; no children.
LINDEN AVE.. 324 — Three nice sunny rooms
for housekeeping: sunny side; . fine yard;
everything convenient.
MARTHA place, 4. off Geary St.. near Mason-
Four furnished or unfurnished rooms.
MCALLISTER. 53S— Nicely furnished, . sunny
suite; gaa range, hot bath, laundry; adults;
$15. :
MCALLISTER, 122S — Carpets, cozy corner, cur-
tains and draperies of one of the prettiest
' apartments with private bath in town for
sale; used 5 months; party leaving city;
apartment to rent.
OCTAVIA, 806 — Large sunny front room and
kitchen; bath and gas; reasonable.
POST, 951— Sunny front and back parlor; con-
veniences for housekeeping; primate family.
STOCKTON. 120ft— Model home; nicely furn. ;
$5-$12; front; phone, gas. bath, sunny.
VALLEJO, 1019 (Russian Hill) — 4 rooms, part-
ly furn; two people: rent $32 SO; marina view.
APABTamarrs to lit.
"EL MONTEREY." the city's ntweat apart-
ment hotel, located oa the. north side oC
Pine St., between Hyde and Leaven worta; *
superb brick building of Spanish architec-
ture; all the comforts of housekeeping com-
bined with the conveniences of hotel lift; tot
$30 per month you can secure her* an unfur-
nished 8-room apartmtnt. consisting of larga
living-room with gas grate and mantel, bed-
room with bay-window and closet; kitchen
equipped with gas range, built-in china
closet and hot and cold water; bathroom
with toilet and porcelain tub (hot and cold
water); this price also includes) Janitor ser-
vice night and day and night and day ele-
vator service; only ten minutes' walk from
Powell and Market; see these apartments
to-day.
ROOMS TO LET — Parn. and t'nfaro.
A— THE AUDITORIUM HOTEL,
THE AUDITORIUM HOTEL,
115 AND 117 EDDY ST.
115 AND 117 EDDY ST.
MOST MODERN AND UP-TO-DATE HO-
TEL DOWN TOWN; 150 ROOMS; 35 SUITS
WITH PRIVATE BATH; ELECTRIC;
LIGHTS; STEAM HEATED THROUGH-
OUT: TELEPHONE IN EVERY ROOM;
suits with Bath. $i so to $2 so per
DAY; SINGLE ROOMS. 73c TO $1: HOT
WATER DAY AND NIGHT. TELEPHONE
SOUTH 1041. •
AA — City Room Renting Agency,
1104 Market st.. cor. Turk and Market sts..
Rooms 3 and 4. Phone Jessie 4471.
FREE. , FREE.
We locate y*u free of charge
in Rooms with or without board.
Housekeeping Rooms or Hotels. >
A ASHWORTH
320 MASON ST.. bet. Geary and O*Farrell.
ROOMS SINGLE AND EN SUITE....
..PRIVATE BATH— BOARD OPTIONAL..
SUN IN ROOMS ALL DAY
A— BRUNSWICK House. 148 Sixth— Room*
23c to $1 per night. $1 '^5 to $3 per ween, and
light housekeeping rooms; open all night.
AT "The Almonte," 873 Marke*. st. (or No. I
Fifth at.)— Rooms. 25c. 60c. $1. $1 SO night;
$1 to to $10 week; house open all night.
ANTLERS. 415 Turk st. — Strictly modern: 4-5
room apartments: fur. or unfur. for hskpg.
BURNETT. 1428 Market— (old No. 1384)— FurT
nlshed rooms, suites, single; also unfurnished.
CLIFFORD. 204 Ellis, cor. Mason— Elegantly
furnished sunny roams; prices reasonable.
EDDY. 210 — Beautiful back parlor- for 2 gen-
tleman; separate beds; running water.
FOLSOM. 778H— Large room, suitable for S
gentlemen. '
FOLSOM, 834— Sunny room; closet, bath;
$1 25.
FOLSOM, 1007%, near Sixth — Room In private
family; $4 per month.
GILLESPIB House. 119 Ninth st-— Nicely fur-
nished rooms. 6Oc to $1 per day; phone; quiet.
GOLDEN GATE AVE.. 1004B — Sunny front
room for 1 or 2 gentlemen; $8.
GOLDEN GATE ave.. 311— Large furnished
front room and kitchen for light housekeep-
ing; gas stove, bath; no. children; private
family: references) given and required; $18.
GRAND Southern. 7th and Mission — Rooms 50a
to $1 SO night; $2 to $8 week; reading-room.
GUERRERO. 1203, near Twenty-fourth — Four
unfurnished rooms; $15.
HAIGHT, 1188— Sunny, furnished room to let.
IAYE3, 373 — Newly furnished sunny rocmj;
bath: private family. ¦
HOFF ave., 75 — 2 or 3 large sunny well fur-
nished rooms; private family; bath and
kitchen; warm belt of Mission.
HOTEL GRAYSTONE •
68 Geary St.; phone Bus'i 880.
Centrally located fireproof hotel; •leg&atl?
furnished suites, with baths and singles.
HYDE, 810, near Sutter— A large furnished
room. _j . '
LARK IN. SOI — Large sunny back room, one or
two persons; $8. ¦ '
MASON.* 217 — Two nicely furnished rooms;
_ board optional. -
NATOMA. 102. corner Second— Nice sunny
furnished front rooms; cheap rent. \
NATOMA. 1330%— 5^ furnished rooms; yard;
cheap rent. '¦
OAK. Ill — A nice sunny room, suitable for on«
or two gentlemen.
O'FARRELL. 20 — Sunny furnished rooms and
offices; elevator: elec. lghts: day, week, mo.
SUTTER. 1770— Sunny front alcove room; prl-
vate fam.; reas.; gentleman or couple: refs.
SW. cor. 6th A Howard— 200 rms., 13c,23c.3Oc
night: from $1. $2. $4 week; open all night.
THIRTEENTH. 280. bet. Mission and Howard
— To let; nice sunny furnished front room in
a modern flat, with or without board.
UNION. 2001— Sunny furnished room in cot-
tage. with bath; $8.
UNITED STATES. 123 Eddy st. near Market
— 400 single and family rooms: 35c to $1
night; $1 75 to $6 week: elevator; electrio
lights: reading-room: free bus and baggage.
WINCHESTER Hotel.' 44 3d St.. near Market—
Most convenient and respectable: 700 rooms;
85c to $1 SO night; $3 to $S week; elevator;
elec. lights: reading-room: free bos; baggage.
A BRANCH office Jor Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 109*1
Valencia st.
ROOMS AND BOARD.
AMOTT'THB " 901 DEVI3ADERO s£
Strictly first-class family hotel; sunny rooms.
fmulte or single: billiards: steam heat.
STEVENSON Mansion, 807 California st. — At-
tractive and sightly rooms; best table and
' service: lowest rates.
EDDY. 616— Sunny front room, double, with
board: private family; reasonable.
HAYES. 671 — Nice front room, with board, for
gentleman? private family; reasonable.
ROOMS AND BOARD WANTED.
ROOM and board, man and wife with child 5
years old: private family preferred: reference
exchanged. Address room 19, 109 California.
WANTED — Home for boy 5 year* old; also
room for father; city. Oakland or Alameda;
state price.' Box 101*5, Call.
BY doctor's wife and child: sunny room; walk-
Ing distance St. Luke's Hospital. Box 1100,
Call office.
For Additional Classified Advertise-
ments See Page Forty-Two.
HORSES AXD WAGONS.
FOR sale— $135; gray horse, pacer. 2:40 gall;
top buggy, harness; good order. 3217 24th
' st. (number on gate). . See man 12 to 1 dally.
STYLIBH bay mare, 5 years old; lady can
drive- sound; good roadster; 2 wagons, cheap.
800 Clement st.. cor. Fourth ave.
ON account of going to build, entire stock ot
wagons, buggies and harness must be Fold at
sacrifice. Corner 15th and Valencia sts.
FOR sale— Handsome trap; cheap. Box 1050,
Call office. .."¦••
GENTLE horse; will follow you; good home
more than Drice. 473 Valencia st.
8 GOOD horgga for sale cheap. 827 Sixth at.
GOOD horse (or sale, $40. 2001 San Bruno
ave. .. , ¦-
ONES line buggy, fruit wagon, cart. 2 J -hand;
new laundry wagon, cheap. 823 Harrison »t.
Al EXPRESS wagon, light camping wagon
and gocart for sale cheap. 632 Mission st.
HOUSES TO LET.
A — PRINTED list of houses to let; send for cir- I
cular. O. H. UMBSEN * CO.. 14 Montgomery.
BEFORE moving get our printed list of houses
to let. BALDWIN A HOWELL. 25 Post st.
A 0-ROOM sunny house; billiard hall, laundry,
flower garden. 781 Cole et.
IVY, 410— 7 rooms and bath; rent $22 60. Ap-
ply 440 Hayes st., plumber's.
HOUSES TO LET — FURNISHED.
A WELL furnished house, piano, 8 rooms: very
sunny; fine location; 1375 Masonic ave. Apply
MADISON & BURKE, 30 Montgomery st.
A 'COMPLETELY furnished 2-story houst; gar-
den; back and front rooms all sunny; reason-
able. Apply HOOKER & LENT. 10 Post st.
FURNISHED 6-room cottage; rent $30. Call
after 11 a. m., 2834 Pine st., cor. Baker.
. HOUSES WANTED.
WANTED— -To lease fashionable residence of
moderate size. Box 10C5. Call.
LOST AND FOUND.
LOST — Saturday on following - route : Scott,
Golden Gate, Stelner, Fulton. Waller, Her-
man, Church, Market to Clinton Park, lady's
handbag containing two rings, watch keys
and owner's cards. Return to 1150 Scott St.;
reward.
LOST — White, yellow crested cockatoo lost
near Golden Gate Park; liberal reward given
for information or return at Cheero Villa,
corner Fulton st. and Seventh ave.
LOST— A pass book. With the Hlbernia Savings
and Loan Society of Ban Francisco, in the
name of THOMAS H. FITZGERALD, No.
116-439: the finder will please return to bank.
REWARD for return of dress suit case marked
J. A. K., left at corner Page and Buchanan
sta. Return to Dramatic Review office, 28
Geary st.
LOST — Pocketbook containing ticket to Ohio
and $10 bill. Return to JAMES W. MIL-
LER, 233 Bartlett St., S. F.; reward. .'
LOST — On Larkln St., diamond sunburst, dia-
mond surrounded by pearls. Return 743 Mar-
ket; liberal reward.
LOST — Gold hatpin; on Devlsadero St., near
Minister. Return to 823 Shrader: reward.
LOST— Tortoise shell opera glasses; reward $5.
BEN GREET. Lyric Hall. 121 Eddy st.
LOST — On San "Mateo cars, camera. 1118
• Guerrero St.. and receive reward.
LOST — Aug. 20, gold buckle fob; reward $5.
Return 939 Mission st.
LOST — Collie dog, yellow and white; liberal
reward. 405 Montgomery st., room 9.
LOST— Red collection book; value only to
owner: very liberal reward. 739 Market st.
FOUND on Alameda Mole — Black spaniel.
Owner can have same at 310 Vlcksburg st.,
by paying expenses. • '
IT will pay to "Remember" that the California
Watch Case Co.. 220 Sutter St., needs old
gold and silver to make new watch casea.
IiOrTS TO LET,
LOFT to lease — 656 Mission St.. NW. comer
- of Annie; light loft of 4000 square feet; pas-
senger and freight elevator service; will lease
for a term; rent reasonable. SHAINWALD.
BUCKBEE & CO.. 218-220 Montgomery st..
Mills bulMlng. ¦
."',', MEDICAL.
VALPEAU'S female pills; best regulating pills
sold; price $2 50 by express. Pasteur's syringe
and tablets; price, $2 50. By express only on
receipt , of price. OSGOOD BROTHERS,
wholesale druggists. Seventh and Broadway.
Oakland.
MR8. DR. WYETH. specialist for all female
complaints; Instant relief guaranteed; 30
years' experience. 728 Post St.. near Jones.
MBS. DR. KOHL, reliable specialist for all fe.
male troubles and Irregularities; Instant re-
lief guaranteed. 1008H Market St.. opp. Bth,
DR. G. W O'DONNELL— All who are sick or
In trouble consult this specialist on female
complaints; positively corrected; the unfor-
tunate helped; the most difficult cases treat-
ed; advlca free. Office. 1018 Market st.
MRS. D. ALLEN. 1118 Market— Reliable ladles-
specialist ; a private home before and during
confinement; Dest medical care; low fees.
DR. ROSEN moved to 2995 Folsom st.. cor.
2(Uh: relief $10; ladles' exclusive office.
Drs Goodwin. 783. Turk, nr. Van Ness — Expert
In obstetrics, female com p. ;25 yrs. experience.
DR and MRS. DA VIES and HINDOO HERBS;
original method of treatment. 1126 Market st.
DR. NO TOY KEE. 319 Powell st.. opposite
Union square: all diseases cured by herb*.
MISCELLANEOUS—FOR SALE.
BOILERS, engines. 2d-hand machtnery. McIN-
TOSH » WOLPMAN, Ii)5-in7 Fremont st.
A GOOD reason to buy diamonds, watches and
Jewelry from us Is that you need only pay a
email weekly payment on all purchases; all
goods delivered on first payment. Call and
examine our goods, even If you don't can* to
buy. LICHTENSTEIN BROS.. 25 Stockton.
DOES YOUR ROOF LEAK?
Repair It with elaterlte; in rolls easy to lay:
needs no painting or coating; good over old
Iron, tin or shingles; best for new roots.
ELATERITE ROOFING CO.. 713 Market St.
SLOT machines — Machines of every descrip-
tion, picture, lifting, punching, electric shock
and fortune telling; send for catalogue.
WATLING MFG. CO., 26 Second st.
A— Fine suits. $7 50; dress pants. $2 50. Origi-
nal Misfit Clothing Parlors. 238 Kearny St.,
near Bush; open to 9 p. m. Sunday to noon.
A— $3 50 DERBY and fedora hats. $1 75. Pop-
ular Price Hatters. 330 Kearny st., near Pine;
open till 9 p. m. Sunday to noon.
A— BUYS, sells, or rents gear machinery, en- :
glnes, boilers, water pipe, shafting, pulleys,
etc. WHITELAW. 253-255 Spear st. »
A— Al ENGINE, 16x36-lnch sliding valve;
in first-class condition, as good as new.
- P. O. box 2086, San Francisco. 1
SLOT machines repaired; we have a fully
equipped repair department; charges reason. ;
-able. WATLING MFG. CO., 26 Second st.
I SKCOND machinery, boilers, engines, . pumps'
wood and Iron working machinery, bought. '
¦old and rented. H.S.WHITE.130-132 Beale. j
TRY our men's shoes at $1 and $1 50 pair;
foot-form shoes at $2 50; we pay express ;
charges. 11 3d St.. Exam, bld'g.; catalog free.
3 H.-P. GAS or gasoline engine and pumping
plant complete: cheap for cash. Columbia '
Machine Works. 203 Main st.
FOR sale — Lady and gent's wheel, "02 model,
cheap. If taken by one party. Call Sunday •
afternoon. 110 Turk st.
FOR sale — Beautiful brown collie dog;. 6 •
months old. Apply 111 Oak s^ '
PRIZE Great Dane dor. Apply Call branch ]
office. 1006 Valencia st.
FOR sale — Ticket to Denver: $20. Box 1053,
Call office. ¦
FOR pale — House to be removed. Apply 628 •
Shotwell st.
FOR sale — Soldiers* blue overcoats, $2 60. I
'Coleman's Loan Office, 608 Kearny st.
SEALSKIN. $225 quality, same as new, bust !
34 to 36. $00. ' 10 Sixth St. -¦'. ¦¦¦• - ¦- '
TWO , 50-galion copper caldrons. 1760 Union .
street. ¦
AUTOMOBILE — Olds; 1903 pattern: Al condl- I
tlon; u»ed 6 weeks; $525. Apply 203 Larkln.
MOVING pictures, magic lanterns, sale, rental;
bargains. ¦ Bullard & Breck. 131 Post st.
MILES of pipe and fittings; all sizes. EU- ]
GENE RILEY A SONS. 109 Vailejo st.
MOVING picture . film and song slides. 103 1
Montgomery st. . ¦ -
BAKES— New and second-hand. B. B. BECK J
A CO.. 122 Market st.
All bargains ;camp stools and chairs, hammock*,
metal beds, mattresses. J.F.Hotter, 712 Mission. •
Edison phonographs. . records, supplies, moving
picture machines, films. Bactgalnpl. 033 Mkt.
GASOLINE engines, automobile* and launches. '
allslies. J. E. DOAK. 46 Fremont at.
SAFES— New and second-hand. THE HER-
. MANN SAFE CO.. 417-423 Sacramento st
ASK for prices on second-hand typewriters; all !
makes. ALEXANDER & . CO., 110 Montg'y.
-¦¦.'•¦¦-¦ -¦i - ; :•- , -• .-;
¦ . - . . •¦
BERKELEY " ADVERTISEMENTS
HEItKKl.KV REAL ESTATE.
¦ $2400 — NICE house of 0 rooms; very conven-
iently situated.
$3000 — House of 6 rooms; north of D wight way
and east or Telegraph.
. $3400 — Daley Scenic Park Tract; house of 5
; rooms and bath; lot 00x120; street work
: all done.
f3r>00— In Daley Scenic Park; house of 6 rooms
and buth; very fine view; a bargain.
$CC0O— Biggest bargain In Berkeley: house of
9 large rooms; fine corner lot; 135x100;
I convenient to university and R. R. sta-
tion.
JO?. J. MASON.
HEAL ESTATE AND INSURANCE,
SE. corner Center st. and Shattuck ave.
7-ROOM house. barn<* and chicken houses, deep
well, mill and tank; lot 72x135; a great bar-
gain; easy terms. .-.«;.
Bargains In houses, vacant lots, etc. Berke-
ley Income property paying 13 per cent on
the Investment.
We will have 20 small cottage* built
ready to occupy by October 15 on \-ery easy
terms.
MURDOCK & CO.. Lorin Station Berkeley.
FOUR blocks of ground In Berkeley. Cal.. for
$20,000; this is the amount of Indebtedness
on the property; a good Investment nnd in a
section of growing values.
Inquire of W. .V. RUSSELL.
S01 California st., San Francisco, Cal.
BARGAIN— Beautiful new house; near univer-
sity: large reception hall, finished solid oak;
paneled sides: beamed ceiling: fancy stair-
ways; polished floors; tiled sink; furnace.
Owner. 2407 Fulton st.
$2.000 — GOOD store building; lot 37>4xlOO;
good location to start a business.
LITTLE & WOOI^SET,
2110 Shattuck avenue. Berkeley. Cal.
FRUITY ALE ADVERTISEMENTS
rntlTVALK HEAL ESTATE.
H~BAnKMEYER.
1200 Fruitvale ave.. Frultvale, Cal.
Telephone Brook C38.
JC50— Cottage of 4 rooms; corner let 50x
100; terms- $00 cash. bal. $7 20 per
month; 2 blocks from car line (Fltch-
burg).
jnoo — Cozy cottage of 3 rooms; hard fin-
Uhrd; one room finished in basement;
large barn and chicken house; lot 75x
10$; on macadamized; 3 blocks from car
line.
$1750— New modern cottage of 4 large rooms
and bath; high basement; lot 60x137;
fruit trees in bearing; close to school
and local train; desirable location.
$1SOO— $100 cash, balance $24 40 per month
bay- window cottage of 6 rooms and
bath. Midlng door, mantel; all late«t
Improvements; corner lot; 3 blocks from
local tram.
$2200 — An Ideal house of 6 rooms and bath,
all tinted and nicely frescoed, porcelain
bathtub, mantel, sliding doors; gas and
up-to-uate fixtures; high basement; fine
garden and fruit trees in bearing; two
blocks from Frultvale station; fine loca-
tion; terms $500 cash, balance to suit
purchaser.
tiOOO — Reduced from $5000: beautiful home
on Frultvale ave.. consisting of 8 rooms
and bath, conservatory, gas. etc.; all
modern improvements; 2-st<?ry barn; ex-
cellent well of soft water; large tank
and windmill: corner lot. 80x203;
variety of fruit and shade trees; this
elegant home must be sold and must
be seen to be appreciated. For particu-
lars apply to
H. BARKMETER,
1206 Frultvale ave.. Fruitvale, Cal.
H. A. PLEITNER— FRUITVALE STATION.
CHICKEN ranch of 3 acres In bearing fruit;
house of 4 rooms; 2 barns: 10 chicken
houses; for rent at $12 50 per month; stock,
fixtures and furniture for sale; also 200
chickens: 80 duck*; 2 pigs; horse; harness
and wagon; wire fencing; 1 Incubator; t
brooder, and all for $COU.
$1,100 — For sale in Oakland, cozy cottage
of .3 large rooms and basement; large
stable, city water; lot 50x133; $100
cash, balance $14 per month.
$1,450 — Cottage of 4 room?: also 1 room
furnished in basement: good well,
windmill and tank; nice stable: 2
chicken houses, wagon shed, 29 fruit
trees; lot 100x100.
$1,350— Modern bay window cottage of 4
rooms and bath; lot 35x120; garden
In full bloom; Just half block from
Frultvale avenue; a small sum down,
balance can remain on mortgage.
ll.T'X) — Nice 4-room cottage. Colonial style:
lot 50x100; 2 short blocks from Frult-
vale station; easy terms.
$1.075 — For sale In East Oakland, cory 3-
room cottage and bath fronting on car
line.
H. A. PLEITNER.
Frultvale Station. Cal.
CHARLES F. LEE. Phone Vale 290.
1222 Frultvale ave.
$150 cash, balance $12 50 month; 3 r. cottage,
chicken houses and yards; 8 large lots, «-
toot picket fence; bordered by creek; some
nice fruit trees and large fine shade trees-
2 living rprlngs; only 3 blocks to street
cars; no fogs or cold winds; price for all
$925.
$450— $100 cash, balance $10 month; 3 r. cot-
tage: fine well.
$1250 — $200 cash; new 4 r. cottage and bath;
balance $15 month.
$1200— $400 cash: 6 r. cottage; Queen Anne
etyle: balance $10 month: lot 100x100
$1300— $100 cash, balance $10 month; 4 r cot-
tage, barn: lot 132x100.
$1700— $500 cash, balance $20 month; 5 r. and
bath cottage; good barn.
$1800 — 5 r. and bath colonial cottage; barn-
$500 cash. $17 month balance ¦ '
$3200 — 8 r. and bath; fine view of bay and
country: commanding site; $700 cash bal-
ance 8 per cent mortgage: lot 50x230'- two
streets.
$75 — Lots; $5 cash, balance monthly to suit.
The beautiful "Rosa Lee" tract; fine sand?
loam soil: no cold winds or fogs here- fine
building sites, beautiful view; 3 blocks to
street cars; churches, school and postofflce
close hy.
CHARLES F. LEE. Phone Vale 29C
1222 Fruitvale ave.
$650— CHICKEN ranch consisting of 430
chickens: 14 chicken yards with houses
brooder house. Incubator: 1 horse: 1 surrey
and farm wagon: 2 bone machines: 1 feed
cotter; 1 farmer's boiler, all of the tools,
etc.: new furniture for 5-room house: the
rent of the house and 3 acres of land is
12 per month.
$600— CotUge: 4 rooms; lot 60x150; near
streetcars: stable and well.
$1500— Cottage. 4 rooms furnished: chicken
house and yard; lot 37:6x100.
- i
$2250 — Cottage of S rooms; all modern; Just be-
ing completed: street work all done and
ia a nice neighborhood; lot 35x140.
$758 per acre: close to streetcar line: from 2
to 5'4 »cres of land In Frultvale.
Call and see our new houses on easy terms.
ALAMEDA LAND CO..
1151 23d-ave. station. Eaet Oakland.
OAKfcAND- ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE, 1118 BROADWAY.
__JOAKLAXD REAL ESTATE.
FRANK P. LEE. " """""*
911 BROADWAY.
$4250— Brand new corner house: Falrmount
ave.. adjoining Linda Vista; side en-
trance: 7 rooms, basement, beamed cell-
Ings, paneled dining-room, tinted walls,
2 eleeant mantles, front door oak with
bevel glass panel; sun all day.
$3600— Practically new house: 6 rooms, base-
ment, driveway; lot 35x135; very desir-
able; between Grove and Telegraph:
close In.
$2800— New colonial. 7 rooms, on Grove st.:
immediate possession; owner going away. ;
$2250 — N. W. corner on Moss ave.: modern,
* rooms; nice lot, 50x100; sunny.
$2000— Corner Grove and 60th: modern cottage.
6 rooms, basement, laundry; lot 40x120'
must be sold; offer considered.
$2800— Modern extra well built cottage 6 rooms, .
basement, in excellent condition, on Union
St., within call limits; lot 80x133.
$1:700— Cottage of 5 rooms, basement: 14th and
Magnolia.
$3000— N. W. corner 11th and Webster; 60x75;
opposite Produce Exchange; offer
wanted.
San Pablo ave.; best Investment offered i in '
business property. Sold two Improved
corners x>ast week. -
AH properties sold strictly on commission at
lowest price.
FRANK P. LEE,
811 BROADWAY.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
ALAMEDA THE IDEAL RESIDENCE CITY
OF THE WEST.
FINEST STREETS, LOWEST DEATH RATE.
BEST EEWEB SYSTEM.
i:lix;ant schools, 37 miles of mac-
adamized DIUVKWAYS AXD THE
PAETTIEPT AVENUES AND STIIEKTS
OK ANY CITY OF ITS SIZE IN TZTT
Wt> KLD.
'BEAUTIFUL HOME? FOR SALE.
BARGAINS— BARGAINS— BAROAINS.
j ;•¦..-.. — Buys 5-rooni cottage, near^lralns and
schools; a snaj<.
Jit^O-j-nuj-* 5-room cottar: large lot; fine lo-
cation.
$2250— Buys new 5-room colonial; corner lot;
a bargain.
R3OO- feuys beautiful 5-room cottage: lot 50
KISS.
*-<,:.<¦> — Buys colonial cottage. 6 rooms *nd
bath; large lot.
J2S50— Buy» fine hou*e. 8 rooms ar.4 bath;
foreclosure; must be sold.
$3500— nuys .ilesar.t 7-room house; nlcs lot;
very convenient.
?425O— Buys .nw S-room house: Grand st. :
very d^sirabl*.
$3000— Buys cottagr, 8 Tocmt: lot 50x150: Pan
Antonio ave.
$4500— Buys a N>ai:tiful n*w modern 6-room
house; large lot; charmingly situated,
with all modern and improved conven-
ience?: near train and schools.
EASY TERSIE-EAST TERMS— EAST
TERM?.
EXPERIENCE DEMONSTRATES IT IS
CHEAPER TO BIT THAN TO RENT.
rCRCHAPE A HOME NOW— THE BEST
VALVE EVER OFFERED— HOMES
BllLT. RENTED AND EX-
CHANGED.
ALAMEDA LAND CO..
1500 PARK ST.. ALAMEDA.
Tel. Grand 14ti.
$13C0— COTTAGE of 4 rooms; near station and
schools; lut 50x150; $700 mortgage can
remain.
Must be sold — J2C00; cottage of 5 rooms: com-
pletely furnished; 1 block from Park-st.
ftatloc: t-trect work all done; sidewalk in;
worth $3UOO; owner must realize on the
came at once.
$5250— New ur-tr-date cottage: all complete:
Temtly to move In; first-class location; near
schools and station: terms $500 ca*h, bal-
ance $25 per month.
WE ARE BUILDING ON THE INSTALL-
MENT PLAN HOl'SES TO Pl'IT OF 6. 7. R
AND S> ROOMS; WILL FURNISH PLANS
AND GIVK ESTIMATES FREE.
•WM. I>UFOUn & CO 2320 Santa Clara ave.
N>ar Park ft Alameda.
IjELANOV-KANDLETT CO.
Our Laurel-rt. tract is the finest bay shore
property in th'.s city.
The bungalow is nearly completed. Don't
fail to fcee it.
We will build any style you may desire.
PELANOV-nANPLHTT COMPAXT.
l.'5.'J6 Park ft.. Alameda.
KBKELEr ADVERTISEMENTS
PEItKCLEV REAL ESTATE.
CliEXCY &. BEttBT.
cxrvEBsmr height? tract, ad-
joining LNlVEIiSlTY GROL'XDS. .COM-
M.VKDINO FINE VIEW OF SAN FRAN-
Ci'SCO BAY; ACRE LOTS IN THIS TRACT
>< IB £ALE AT $400.
$1000— Fine acre lot. North Berkeley.
$000 — Lot* en Parker et.:- street work done;
half blotk from Grove-et. car line.
$^000 — 6 rooms and bath; lot 00x120; street
work 4cne; r.. * •:¦ plumbing; 1 block
- from proposed car line.
$3t00^-7-l-ocn; house; barn: large lot: on etreet
car line: exceptionally ea*y term* to re-
?ponslbJe part>-.
$:^.':j ca»h — S-room houae. near College ave.;
l?t 4'.!.\12<J.
40 lci«— 1 block from car linp; 4 blocks from
blgh school; $400 to $GOU each.
CHENEY & BERRY.
P. O. Block. Berkeley.
WE w:tb to 6ay to you that m-e are. selling
house*. We advertise things that are r«>al
bargatna and we sell them. Now, there was
;hat K-room house eaet of Shattuck for $2800.
and that cory fe-room home on Channlng for
*i.V". and that 7-room house, close in, for
$2*00. and that dandy little cottage east of
relesrajAl fur $2400; all sold last week. It
: esa't cost you anything to inquire and
Jpern about these things. We are here to
hi » you.
We have a real bargain In a 3- room cot-
izg* for $1100; 4 rooms, nice and close in.
for $15*00; «5 rooms, new and convenient to
V. C, for $2C5»: 7 rooms, new and In fine
k. it;cn. near Dana, ror $3750: 10 rooms,
nearly new and close in. for $4&00: 16 rooms.
near in. for $5000- and — we have others.
Cnmt and see us. We have a real pleasant
office: plenty of room and easy chairs. We
have rigi of our own. and we're here to show
you.
ALLEN & ELLIS. 2129 Center et.
LOTS FOR SALE— ~~"
University Heights tract: most romantic
buil&r.g Eite on the hillsides; large lots, beau-
tiful HM.lM.it j prices reasonable; terms easy;
get in <n the ground floor.
WHEELER TRACT.
Overlooking the university ground*; an ob-
ftrucied view of Berkeley. Fan Francisco,
th* Golden Gate and eurroundlng cities; all
l"tf have street work done; close to cars;
only a few lots left; b«st investment In
town.
W. J. MORTIMER & CO..
Successor to May & Mortimer.
Temporary office. 2154 Khattuck, near
First National Bank. At 2123 Center street '
about Sept ember 1.
LAWTON & ALBEE. ~~~ — —
Special Bargains In Berkeley Homes.
B rooms; new, cozy home: $2300.
6 rooms; »!%¦; Delaware St.; $2625.
6 rooms; new; tinted walls; south fronf
$2250.
« rooms; new; poliehed floors; modern; $4000.
«^ rooms; modern; new; North Berkeley;
9 rooms; elegant new home; everything com- J
l>Iet*; fine corner; '.••n in; you should see
this; $C0O0.
WE ALSO HAVE HOUSES IN DIFFER-
ENT PARTS OF TOWN FOR FROM $1500
1TWARD. CHOICE LOTS $250 UPWARD.
LAWTON A ALEEE. 212a Center St.. Berkeley.
$1.700 — NEW oottagr, fl rooms and bath;
large lot, i>tre»>t work done; close to
rtation; easy terms.
(2,350 — Beautiful new bungalow; S large '
rooms, bath, pantry, laundry, etc.;
white rcciar finish; all modern ap-
pointments. You win want tt It you
eee tt. /,-
$2,400 — Fine bargain; modern house. 7
rooms, bath, laundry, etc.: lot 50x133; •
close to elation. »tores, etc. A gen-
uine snap. $200 each. "" :
II. D. IRWIN. Lorin Station, Berkeley.
AN opportunity ecldom met with; I have a \
n*w 2-Ftory 7-room house, 4 bedrooms,
equipped with all modern conveniences, gas.
electric lights etc.. on an improved street,
cin'.y 2 blocks from the station, which I will
tell to a reliable party on the following
terms: $100 cash and the balance In month-
ly installments; whole price $3500. j
JOSEPH J. MASON. Real Estate.
Cor. Fhattuck ave. and Center. Berkeley.
1T/O7 l'RIN<"E t-t./near Fanta Fe R. R. — Large «
t>-room Iiauw: high basement; stable, cow '
barn. 7 houses for chickens; lot 160x133;
utret-t work complete; call and inspect. «
$4000 — 3 ACRES en Dwight way, East Berke-
ley; elegant location; fine. ,
LEVI 3. MORAN.
2131 Khattuck ave.. Berkeley.
j'iMv, new. handsome cottages; up to date; all $
conveniences: close to cars: large lots; JliSO
ts fltiOO; only $200 cath. balance Jltj 60 »*r
mc-Eth.
W. C MORAN. Lorin station, or t
C. C. EMSLIE. Ashby ftatlon.
FOR RENT— Hou*e of 8 rooms and bath; near •
U. C. and Head Seminary.
JOS. J. MASON. Real Estate.
Corner Shattuck ave. and Center st. g
150 FEET Incoming touslncfs property In South
Br-rkelcjr: only $20 x*r front foot: will ad-
vanc* with opening of new ferry. It. E.
NICKEL. South Berkeley.
JI ACRES, joining university; whole or divis-
ion. DR. MOL'fc'ER, owner. 707 Buth St..
£an Francisco.
. OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS,
OAKLASD JtEAL ESTATE.
LAYMANCE REAL ESTATE COMPANY. .
. 460-402 Eighth St.. . Oakland, Cal.
-._.. A MAGNIFICENT RESIDENCE. ¦
$..500— A sucerb residence In Lakeside dis-
trict of imposing architectural design;
unique but magnificent In structure: fine-
ly finished interior; 10 rooms and all mod-
ern appointments; large grounds; $10,000
to duplicate;, short walk to business
center -
$15.000— Worth $20,000: beautiful home on
height*.- fine 12-room house: 3 acres,
fronting on 3 streets; 848 feet frontage;
family orchard: ornamental trees: on
electric line; city water: gas and elec-
' trie lUthts; . choicest location; marine
view; climate unexcelled; will sacrifice
for quick sale; grand Investment.
$4,250— Beautiful modern 8-room dwelling:
magnificent grounds, «Ox200, with ce-
ment walks, ornamental trees and
shrubbery, selected bearing fruit, etc.
commanding situation, with view of bay
and city: on splendid street; good ca
service; flne neighborhood: cost $7600;
owner removing from city; satisfactory
terms may be arranged.
$3,000— Fine cottage. « rooms and bath; bun-
galow style; 40x120: cement walks and
lawn; 2 years old: up to date; near
35th and Telegraph. , .
$2,750— Fine piece ground, corner. 125x175:
fruit trees, flowers and barn: good
house. II rooms and bath; splendid view;
nicely located: warmest part of Oak-
• land; this property destined to become
very valuable.
$3.650 — A beautiful home. 9 rooms and bath:
fine corner lot; near car lines and locals;
owner must sell; actually cost $6000.'
$2,400— Modern cottage, 6 rooms and bath;
large lot; driveway and lawn; street
work complete; $500 down, balance on
time; 10 minutes' walk to business cen-
ter.
$2.000 — Good house, 6 rooms and bath; lot
100x125; fruit trees, rhlcken-house and
barn; half block to car line; one of the
few large area lots within 10 minutes'
ride of Sth and Broadway.
$250 down, balance rent — Fine modern houses.
<» and 7 rooms each; every convenience,
street work, cement walks and lawn:
close to Hchnolx. churches, locals and car
lines: owner must sell f Investigate.
$2.200— Fine modern cottage, 5 rooms and
bath; up to date; street work complete:
cement sidewalks and lawn; 40x100; near
Santa Fe. S. P. and San Pablo car
lines; $200 down, $20 per month.
$2.000 — Pretty little bay-window cottage. 5
•rooms and bath: corner lot; 1 block to
car line; nice neighborhood; North Oak-
land.
$1,500^ — New modern cottage, 5' rooms and
bath; near car line; good locality.
$1,700— Neat cottage, 4 rooms and bath: 1
block from local: 2 car ILnes; Clinton
station; $400 down, balance on terms.
UNIMPROVED.
Beautiful Weat-st. corner, 33 feet frontage: 6
blocks to postofflce; Investors, flat
builders and bargain seekers note price
—$1350.
$55 foot— Beautiful lot 60x100: Lakeside dis-
trict; worth $05; In midst of elegant
homes.
LAYMANCE REAL ESTATE CO..
460 and 462 Sth st.. Oakland.
HOLCOMB, BREED & BANCROFT.
1060 BROADWAY. OAKLAND, CAL.
$300 cash, balance $20 per month; neat 6-
room cottage; modern; 2 blocks to broad
gauge train, schools, etc.; price $1800;
bank property and must be sold; bargain.
$250 cash, balance $20 per month: cottage of
5 rooms, bath, etc.; Market st. ; easy walk
to business center, schools, etc.; price
$1600; actually worth $2000; now rented
at $15 per month.
. M-24
$2000 — Cost to duplicate $2500: the neatest and
coziest cottage of the year; 5 rooms; large
reception hall; artistic tinting; gas and
electric lighting; open plumbing; the din-
ing-room a special feature; large bath-
room with the latest finish: high base-
ment etc.. etc.; lot 40x125; street work
complete; marine view and good sur-
roundings; small payment down, balance
eaEy monthly payments.
$4000— Original cost $7000: administrator's sale
of an elegant home on Webster st: 8
large rooms In first-class order and con-
dition; large lot; lawn, palm trees, etc ;
particulars at the office.
05S1
SPECIALS IN LOT8.
$375 — 40x120: street work complete: snap
$400—100x133: near Santa Fe lmpro\'ements;
bound to triple In price.
$600 — 45x113: Grove st; street work com->
• plete ; Just $16 per foot.
S. F.
$1000—33 1-3x100; 27th St.. near Telegraph
ave.; this is very, very cheap.
HOLCOMB. BREED & BANCROFT.
1060 BROADWAY. OAKLAND. CAL.
$20 PER month on the property and only 6 per
cent Interest buys a new modern home of
8 room*, porcelain bath and sink laundry
sanitary plumbing, gas and electric light-
ing: sunny side of the street; fronting
electric line nnd within walking distance
of local trains to San Francisco: choice
residence location; street workiall done;
stone walk all laid; open lawn lm front; or
will rent for $30 per month; small first
payment required If Hold; Investigate at
once; an exceptional chance to get a
home on payments like rent. i
$1750 — Rents $228 per annum; 2 old cottages*
sunny side; downtown; 5 rooms each. -
Send for new 8-page printed catalogue of Oak-
land property *for sale.
GEORGE W. AUSTIN,
1002 Broadway. Oakland.
TWO SPECIAL, BARGAINS.
A beautiful home In. Frultvale. commanding
one of the best views In Alameda County An
abundance of fruit treeg, modern house, con-
taining 9 rooms, bath and 2 reception halls
New barn; windmill and tank of 5000 gallons
capacity. To make a quick sale this- prop-
erty Is now offered for $4000.00.
Administrator's sale. 160 acres of the best
grain land In San Joaquln Valley. Good res-
idence, barn, windmill and tank. Worth
twice the asking price of $3500.00.
THE E. P. VANDERCOOK COMPANY
Oakland Office — No. 1016 Broadway. " '
San Francisco Office — Room 32 2d floor
Mills Buildlnr. S. F. '
$1500— Cottage of 4 rooms and bath: sunny lot-
near 20th and San Pablo ave.: walking
distance of 14th and Broadway.
THE ALDEN CO.,
HIS Broadway, Oakland. -
PART EXCHANGE.
Business property, stores, flats, etc: rents
$112 month; price $15,000: take $5000 In
trade; bargain for some one. -
THE ALDEN 'CO..
1118 Broadway, Oakland. ' \ ,y
$4500 — MODERN 'flats; central to Broadway
and cars; rents $47 60 per month steady; a
snap. , * \
THE ALDEN CO., .
1118 Broadway, Oakland.
A BEAUTIFUL country home In Elmhurat: 8-
room house; elegant Interior finish; barn and
carriage-house, chicken and numerous other
outhouses; concrete driveways; beautiful
flower garden; 2 acres In orchard; one of the
prettiest homes In Alameda County: It u
going to go for half of Its real value- price
$4000; small payment down, balance on easy
payments. MITCHENER & BARTON 1010
Broadway, Oakland. •
LOOK AT THIS— $2650 only for a fine home of
7 rooms and bath; better than new; lot 50x
127; all street work done and cement .walk
around the house, etc. Apply to P. 'Ci'LAS-
SEN & CO.. 460 10th St.. Oakland. Cal. ;. *
HOUSE 6 rooms, etc; modea; 857 87th st.
near Syndicate bank and station; a private
lean at your own terms of payment. Address
Boil< er, 931 60th at., Oakland, Cal.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
6- : OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
I,-'--- ¦ ¦-¦-.-----¦¦ --^ ., ,_
*. • —
WOODWARD, WATSON ft CO., ' ¦ '
; ' Real Estate Agents and Dealers, x ".
, . I 1172 Broadway, cor. 14th st
0N1T COTTAGES,
AND THEY'RE BARGAINS.
$1500— Neat, modern, 6-room cottage In East
Oakland, close to local trains; very .cheap.
$1650 — Very desirable neighborhood; close to
cars; neat 6-room cottage and bath; street
work all done; lot 25x92.
$1900— Cozy 6-room cottage and bath; all mod-
ern; high basement; fruit, flowers and
'berries; very easy terms..' .•;
$2400-^On West St., near 20th; neat cottage
of 6 rooms and bath; easy terms.
$2500— Splendid cottage on large northeast cor-
ner In Piedmont! contains 5' rooms and
bath: outhouses and plenty fruit trees in
bearing.
$2600 — On the Sth st. car line and close to
station of local train; very fine cottage of
5 rooms and bath; lot 30x146. .
$2760— In growing part of the city; nice homes
all around; 5-room modern cottage:- gas
and electricity; high basement; on Brock-
hurst st. near Grove; a bargain.
$2S00— On 14th ft.: splendid cottage of 6 rooms
and bath: in good condition and has every
modern convenience.
NEW HOMES.
NEW HOMES.
- XEW HOMES.
TUBBS HOTEL BLOCK, EAST OAKLAND.
TUBBS HOTEL BLOCK, EAST OAKLAND.
TUBBS HOTEL BLOCK, EAST OAKLAND.
We want you to see these handsome homes,
the very finest In East Oakland. So that you
can we have a man there every afternoon from
1:30 to 5 p. m.
1:30 to 6 p. m.
Sundays by appointment.
Prices range from $4250 to $5250.
f ¦ Houses contain 7 and S rooms each.
They are elegant
... ¦ » _— _- ' .
• " WOODWARD. WATSON & CO..
Real Estate Agents and Dealers,
1172 Broadway, cor. 14 ib st.,
Oakland.
TAYLOR BROS. & CO.,
REAL ESTATE AND FIRE INSURANCE.
Telephone Cedar 351. 1236 Broadway, Oak-
land, Cal.
EXCHANGE LIST.
$0,400—64 lots. Tuxedo Park Addition, at head
of 23d ave.; convenient to street cars;
flat loan of $2500; equity of $3900; ex-
change for residence In Oakland, Berke-
ley or San Francisco.
$6,000 — Handsome residence, 11 rooms; strict-
. . ly modern; handsomely finished; ele-
vated lot: flat loan of $2500 at S per
cent: equity of $3500; exchange for S or
0 roomed cottage in Oakland or Berke-
ley.
INVESTMENTS— INCOME PROPERTY".*"
$4,000— Flats: West si.: Income $500 per an-
num: cheas at $5000.
$5,250 — Flats: Alice st; lncom« $690 per an-
num; choice location.
$5,600— Flats: 12th st. : Income $600 per an-
num; can be Increased to $725.
$8,600— Flats; Grove et.: Income $1250 per
annum; cloee In: new and up to date.
$10,000 — Flats; 26th, near. Telegraph ave.: In-
' come $1250 per annum; new and up to
date.
$9,000 — Choice business corner near New Mar-
ket; time limit for this price.
TAYLOR BROS & CO.. Oakland. Cal.
A FEW SAMPLE BARGAINS.
Beautiful home In Linda Vista terrace; not
built to sell, but built by the owner for
himself; house Is perfect, but not large
enough: fine location; 11 rooms. Price
$7250,
Here Ip anotfier: House of eight rooms: good
house: large lot; will be sold for $6500.
$3750 will buy the very best new colonial house
yet offered for the money; close to Broad-
way; very sunny and a perfect gem:
seven rooms; handsomely tinted and fin-
ished; dining-room is finished in dark
wood: everything up to date; see this.
Other bargains always on hand.
JAS. S. NAISMITH.
464 Twelfth st
CAPITALISTS, attention— A building site you
might seek forages and never find its equal;
corner Seventeenth ave. and Eighteenth st..
opposite Independence Park. East Oakland;
lot 150x140; from Its apex, easy of access, the
surrounding hills, valleys and waters form
one grand panorama; must be seen to be ap-
preciated; the right party desiring to build,
inducements will be offered. 455 Seventh st.
Oakland. H. Z. JONES.
Land Owner.
BARGAIN.
Positively the most elegant Improved grounds
in Alameda County: fine 0-room residence
and barn: lot 00x130; on the west side of
Telegraph ave.
BERKELEY.
A 4-room cottage on a large lot, 80x150. This
\9 a snap at $1250.
M. L. WURTS.. 17th tt. and Broadway.
$4000—2 NEW flats of 6 and 7 rooms;, lot 25x
100; well, mill and tank; rents $42 per
month; central location.
$3600 — A modern house of 0 rooms: corner lot,
40x90; worth $5500; owner absent.
HUGH M. CAMERON.
105S Broadway.
$40,000— BRICK building In the very business
center of Oakland, paying 6 per cent net:
clear of all taxes. Insurance and repairs:
under guaranteed lease: property cost $65,-
000. I must sell Immediately. Address
Owner, boat 816. Call office, Oakland.
BARGAIN— Only $1000 for a fine 6-room cot-
tage in East Oakland. P. C. LASSEN & CO.,
46B Tenth >t-, Oakland.
ALEX. MURDOCK, Chronicle bldg.. San Fran'
Cisco, for Oakland. Berkeley or rura' homes.
OAKLAND HOUSES TO LET.
BEFORE moving get my printed list of houses
to let. GEO. W. AUSTIN t 1002 Broadway.
OAKLAND FURNISHED FLATS.
COMPLETELY furnished flat, and lower flat
partly furnished, for adults. , 541 18th at, ,
Oakland.
OAKLAND FURNITURBPOR^BALK.
TO-MORROW the day for bargains In furni-
ture. H. Schellhaas. 11th St. cor. store.Oaklnd
Mill Valley Advertisements.
MILL VALLEY REAL KSTATB.-
TAKE YOUR WIFE AND FAMILY
TO MILL VALLEY ON SUNDAY
:.- And see the splendid ¦ lots we are ¦ offering
right at the station for $400: terms 10 per '
• cent cash, balance $10 monthly; large lota,' ¦
60x125; the new electric trains are now run- <
nlng, | the best > service In the country ; you
.will have a pleasant outing, and if you buy ,
ia lot it will prove a very profitable. one; '
' values are bound to increase :- agents on the ,
grounds Sundays. LYON & JiOAG. 116 ,
Montgomery st J*THE SAN FKANCISCO CALL/ SUNDAY; AUGUST 23, 1903.
42
HELP WAXTED FEMALE Con.
A GERMAN nursery governess for 2 grown
children, 8 and 10 years; a cook who under-
stands German cooking in small family,
$40; a cook for San Rafael, $30: second
girl for San Rafael, $23; a parlor maid and
waitress $30; a German maid and seam-
stress. $30; a French lady's maid $30; a
second girt for city. $23; a cook and general
housework girls. $33; 10 housework girls for
city and country, $20 and *-5. MISS
PLUNKETT. 425 Sutter St.. near Powell.
A SECOND girl for Mare Island; wages $23.
MISS PLUNKETT. 423 Sutter, nr. Powell.
EXPERIENCED millinery maker wanted. Ap-
ply superintendent's office. The Emporium.
DESIGNER, waist trimmer and paid appren-
tlce wanted. 2014 Sutter st .
'¦ HELP WANTED MALE.
PACIFIC EMPIiOTMENT AGENCY.
620 Sacramento st
Phone Mala 1191. cor. Leidesdorff st
Special — Office open to-day.
Sunday — 8 a. m. to 12 m.
Steamer sails this morning-.
Eureka, Humboldt County, half fare.
10 laborers, large sawmill company, $40 fd.
Call early to go to Eureka.
This Is positively the only office that ships
to Astoria, Or. Fee $1. Very cheap fare.
Company work.
30 laborers. $51 60 found.
20 rockmen, $59 found.
We are the only office that ships.
Steamer sails to Caspar to-morrow (Mon-
day). Free fare. Fee $1.
80 laborers, teamsters and tunnel— tea, $3 to
$2 76 day.
Wllllts, Uklah route. Free fare. Fee $1.
10 laborers and teamsters, $2 23 day.
Special — Blacksmith, ranch, boss here, $30
found; cook, small R. R. camp, free fare,
$40 found; carpenter, R. R.. north, free fare,
$4 day. Call to-day at the PACIFIC EM-
PLOYMENT AGENCY. 520 Sacramento st,
for the above Jobs. Call early to-day.
A SPECIAL TO-DAY. SUNDAY. SUNDAY.
Office open from 7 a. m. to 12 m.
NEW WOKK. SOUTHERN CALIFORNIA.
Iron handlers $2 40
Splkers $2 25
Strappers $- 23
Laborers $2 00
Board $4 60 week.
Ship every morning 8 o'clock.
FREE FARE.. FREE FARE.. FREE FARE.
SHIP MONDAY EAST.
STATE OF NEVADA.
Laborers, fence builders, tunnelmen... .$2-$3
FREE FARE.. FREE FARE.. FREE FARE.
C. R. HANSEN & CO.. Employment Agents.
429 Bush st ..642 Clay st
A— HOTEL GAZETTE. 20 Montgomery, r. 12.
Head waiter, $90; head laundryman. $70;
night clerk, $30; houseman who can car-
penter. $80; 10 colored waiters, $30.
___
SALESMEN wanted — To fill vacancies: 2 trar-
eling grocery salesmen, worth $125 per month
and expenses; good territory; well-known
house; established trade; write, giving age,
experience and references; personal Interview
If satisfactory. Box 1C54, Call.
GOVERNMENT civil service examinations will
soon be held In every State; Information and
questions used by the Government free. Co-
lumbian /Correspondence College, Washing-
ton. D. C.
WANTED — Young man used to and quick at
figures as assistant In statistic and cost dept
wholesale business; resident of S. F. ; perma-
nent position; refs required. Box 1056. Call.
SALESMEN wanted to handle our well-known
shoe polishes; best and cheapest In mar-
ket; fine chance for hustlers. Cleveland Toy
and Mfg. Co.. Cleveland, Ohio.
WANTED — In a wholesale house, a young man.
18 to 20 years old, with some experience in
running electric elevator; references required.
Address box 1073. Call.
WANTED — Experienced. hustling soliciting
salesmen to sell safes; references ' required.
Herring-Hall-Marvln Safe Co.. 605 Market st.
WANTED everywhere — Hustlers to tack signs,
distribute circulars, samples, etc.; no can-
vassing; good pay. Sun Adv. Bureau, Chicago.
WANTED — Experienced traveling salesman for
Calif.; only hlgh-{— ade men need apply; bond
required. Drawer S., Chicago.
WANTED — 20 reliable, strong young men, Mon-
day morning at 7 o'clock. LONG Syrup Re-
flnlng Co., Sth and Brannan sts.
WANTED at once,' 2 errand boys at JOE
ROSENBERG'S store. Apply at 11 O'Far-
rell st.
ERRAND boy, , $4 50 week. Apply Sunday.
10-12, or Monday. H. KRAMER, 20 San-
some.
ENTRY clerk: must be rapid writer anfl ex-
tender: references required; steady position
to right man. Box 1070, Call.
DETECTIVES— Every locality; good salary;
experience unnecessary. International Detec-
tive agency, Milwaukee, Wla,
FIRST-CLASS penman for wholesale office;
rapid writer of good, bold, plain hand. Box
10S4. Call office.
INTELLIGENT and industrious person for
- steady position; salary $5O. 302 Callaghan bd.
YOUTHS wanted for wrapping counter. Apply
superintendent's office, THE EMPORIUM.
YOUNG German to work In grocery store. 2101
Golden Gate ave.
RELIABLE young man for wholesale house
to learn business. Box 10S3. Call office.
AN errand boy; about 15 years old. Apply to
MacCABE & SOX. 611 Merchant St.
WANTED — Boy for office work In tailor store.
24 Phelan building. 806 Market st
WANTED — Partner for prospecting gold placer
mines. Northern California. Box 1076. Call.
ERRAND boy. HALL'S. JO Kearny.
CABINETMAKER wanted; a first-class work-
man. The Fink A Schlndler Co.. 1309 Market.
WANTED— Bright, active office boy; resident
of S. F. ; wholesale house. Box 1003, Call.
NOTION salesman about 25 years of age; refer-
ences required. Box 1071, Call.
WANTED — Errand boys. Apply HOLM A NA^
THAN. 512 Market st
PLATEN press feeder wanted: steady, good
Job. 109 California st.
BOY to assist on small ranch In exchange for
good home. 6495 Telegraph are., Oakland.
S HOEMAKER wanted. McDONALD A
PERRY. 201 Third st.
BOY wantedT Apply E. H. LEVT (Inc.). 313
Market st. ; good wages.
WANTED — Experienced tinware stock clerk.
Address, stating references, box 1085. Call.
FIRST-CLASS salesman for furniture house;
state salary expected. Box 1062. Call.
OFFICE assistant; $15 week; some cash re-
quired; call Sunday. 1007ft Market st. IS 1.
WANTED— Strong boy for candy factory. 63S
Washington st
TINSMITHS wanted; steady work for good
workmen. 17 Drum— t st.
FIRST-CLASS pager wanted. F. MALLOYE.
422 Sacramento sf : •-. . .
WANTED — Man for. nursery and general work.
500 Halght st
DISHWASHER and cook wanted. 331 Bay st,
rear Mason. ;
BARBERS, whole or half Interest for Saturday.
501 Castro st.
BARBER shop furnished to let Apply 1633
Turk st
WANTED — A young man. 16 or 17 years of
age; must be bright, possess good habits and
live with parents; work will be to assist in
an office. Apply to S. N. WOOD A CO., 740
Market st., Friday .or Saturday mornings
only, between 9 and 12 o'clock.
GOVERNMENT Civil Service examinations will
soon be- held In every State: full Information
and sample questions free on request Co-
lumbian. Corres. College. Washington. D. C.
GOVERNMENT positions — Examinations soon;
write for free circular 14. giving various po-
sitions, salaries, etc. Polytechnic Business
Collese. Oakland, Cat.
WANTED — Pants finishers. Apply to 8. N.
WOOD A CO.'S factory, 27 Geary st
WANTED — Young man who Is an experienced
dry-goods salesman, to go to a city a short
distance from San Francisco; state acre, ex-
perience ' and salary expected. Apply box
1050. Call office.
TRY our men's shoes, union made, at $1 and
$1 50 per pair: foot-form shoes at $2 30, or
orthopedic f ho s, $3 r.0; best shoes on earth. 11
. Third st. Exam. bldg.. 5 doors from Market.
WANTED — Handy man who has had experi-
ence In setting up toys; state age. experience
and salary expected. Apply box 1058. Call.
A' MAN of Indomitable energy and push, a good
talker, eager to make money. F. PERSON.
477 and 4S8 Parrott building.
TRY our men's shoes, union made, at $1 and
$1 50 pair; foot-form shoes at $2 30; we pay
express or mail chgs. 11 Third st. Exam. bid.
WANTED — Dress goods and silk salesman at
STRAUSS A FROHMAN'S. 107-109 Post st
WANTED— Cash boys at STRAUSS A FROH-
MAN'S. 107 and 109 Post st
WANTED— A boy to drive butcher wagon. 1919
* Flllmore st -
HELP WANTED— 3IALE— Con.
OPEN TO-DAT
SUNDAY. "
MURRAY A READY,
PHONE MAIN 6843. 634 and 638 Clay «.
Leading Employment and Labor Affenu.
Office half block long; 14 clerks employed:
by our own printing plant we publish a
••FREE" Bulletin of Labor, containing every
position segregated under departments ready
for distribution 7 a. m. ; also noon and even-
Ing editions. GET ONE FKEE
THIS IS WHAT
MADE US FAMOUS.
We know no distinction between — -»n .»_d
man. ' . -
TOTJ ARE ALL EQUAL.
YOU ARE ALL WELCOME.
1902 VflB GAVE 1003 WE'LL GIVT3
45.000 MEN WORK. 60.000 MEN WORkT
WE SHIP TOU FREE TO CXE.
FREE TO-DA^T. FREE TO ALL.
Orden. .Utah, All parts Nevada.
Los Angeles County. Chatsworth Park.
Wllllts. Uklah, Ore Ron!
Arizona. • To-day
And All Points North. East South.
Including Ogden. Utah.
Carpenters and helpers, pile drivers, fence
builders, drillers, single, double and machine
men, corner and bench hands, muckers.
chuck tenders, car dumpers, teamsters, la-
borers, track men. cooks, waiter*, black-
smiths, etc., $5. $4. $3 50. $3. $2 60. j; dar
Free fare. Free fare. Free fare.
I Everybody talking. Thousands going.
Are you? Are you? * Are you?
MURRAT A READY.
634 and 630 Clay st
163 MEN OR BOYS.
FRUIT PICKERS— $30 fd— FRUIT P1CKER3
Fare $1. Fee $1. Three month*' ybs;
picking, packing and drying.
S65 laborers, teamsters, city and country
Jobs. $2, $2 60 and $3 day. All classes of
work; coma see.
155 Italians, $2 25 a day.
You board yourselves. Steady Jobs.
\ 26 laborers, free fare. 14 miles away. $43
and found.
26 laborers, you'll suit, factory, far* paid.
$67 5a
155 coal miners, free fare. $3 to $3 day.
165 laborers, teamsters, Wllllts. Uklah, fre«
fare, $67 60.
Do You Know — Free Fare-
On every trala we ship to S. P. Ox's own
work, on all divisions, laborers, extra ff&ns*;
also section hands.
DIAMOND MATCH COMPACT.
156 teamsters and axmen. $75.
197 laborers and drillers, $73.
155 track layers, ballast track. $67 BO.
Cost you only $1; no discount; steady Job.
MINES. QUARRIES. TUNNELS.
155 laborers, you'll suit $80. $73 and found.
96 miners and tlmbermen, $90 and.found>
186 quarrymen. also drillers. $S3 to $90.
96 carmen, furnace men. $73.
STABLES. FARMS. DAIRIES. HARVEST.
196 farm, orchard, rineyard hands, $30 t»
$43 and found.
38 milkers, butter makers. $3O. $33. $40 fd.
156 harrest hands, hay balers. $2 60, $3 day.
68 choremen. coachmen, gardeners. $30 to
$50 and found.
16 stablemen, city and country. $30 to $45 fa.
86 men for brickyards. $33 to $30 found.
MARRIED HELP WANTEIX
12 men and wives, farms, orchards, mines,
mills, $40 to $70 and found.
MURRAT A READY.
634 and 636 Clay st.
WHERE ARE THEY?
80 Lumber Trusts and Syndicate*.
Located in Four State*.
Managers here. Two Territories.
FREE— FARE— FREE.
995 laborers, no experience wanted. $33 to
$70 and found.
188 experienced mill and yard men, $40 to
$150 and found.
a«3 woodsmen. $40 to $150 and found.
386 woodchoppera, tlemakers. shingle, post,
picket and box bolt makers; tools -and pro-
visions found.
BIG L MURRAT A READT,
TRUSTS. . 634 and 636 Clay st.
A— COOKS— BIG PAT! \ '
COOKS. BIO PAT. COOKS. COOKS.
26 cooks for harvest and fruit ranches, hay
presses, etc.. $70. $60. $30. $40. $30 found;
very few men to cook for; no women thera;
4 cooks for different mines. $70, $63. $30. $40
and found.
46 cooks, hotels, restaurants, cafes, saloons.
etc., $70 to $40 and found.
WAITERS.
32 waiters, different places. Including cafes.
grills. $45 to $30 and found.
6 bell and elevator boys, city and country
positions, $15 to %'M and found.
9 porters and bed— takers, city and country
positions $45 to $20 and found.
66 dishwashers, etc city and all parts of
California, $40 to $25 and found.
12 butchers, different Jobs, $.T3 to $60 found.
6 bakers. 5 helpers. $35 to $50 and found.
15 boys to learn trades and work in factories.
$6 to $12 a week. -"
MURRAY A READY. 634-630 Clayst
MISCELLANEOUS. v
35 carpenters, new Job, fare $1, $90.
16 blacksmiths and helpers, located erery-
where, $90 to $45 and found.
Also 96 other different mechanics; come see.
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st.
TO GO TO-DAY NORTH.
13 laborers for lumber company. $30 to $80. f 1
YOUR FARE PAID.
26 carpenters, plam work. $00
CO laborers to help carpenters, $57 60
Located In El Dorado County.
MURRAY A READY. 634 and ecu Clay st
. _ ________
TO-DAT. 900 MILES.
MURRAT A READT. 634 and 636 Clay st.
SPECIAL ON MIDNIGHT MAIU
PHONE and TELEGRAPH,
Cement finisher, free fare, va 60 day
Carpenter, city Job. ., - $3 to $3 50 day
Boy to fill boiler, city. $6 week
Machine hand, furniture factory. $2 60 day
Clerk and sell paint. $10 week; troner, coun-
try.
Driver bakery wagon, fare 80c, $30 fd
Sheep herder; 2 bench bands, planing mill.
.! .. . EXTRA 6PECIAI*.
Young man. sharpen drills, free fare, boss
here, $40 and found.
FREE FARE.
2 stonecutters. Nevada, free fare both ways.
$4 to $5 day.
Cook's helper. $33 found, gold mine.
Bark peeler, fare $1. $40 found.
52 rough carpenters, very plain work, man-
ager at office, $75; 4 laborers, city foundry.
$2 day.
Boy. City Amusement Photo Stand, city, $7
week.
Tinsmith. $3 day.
MURRAY & READY. 634 and 636 Clay st.
WANTED — Salesman for drapery department
In large furniture and carpet house. Address
Box 10SC. Call office.
Barbers^For sale. Improved electric Yibrator:
$50 cagh. 217 Montgomery. Russ House baths.
WANTED-^Cash boy and wagon boy. Apply
between 9 and 11 a. m. at HALE BROS..*
WANTED — Man. educated and enerretlc: sal-
ary or guarantee; call 9 to 12. DODD.
MEAD A CO.. room 561. Parrott bid*.
WANTED— Rough carpenters and laborers.
Apply room 14. 26 Montgomery st. Saa
Francisco Construction Company.
BOTS wanfed Immedlaftly to par* fruit wtta
machine; good wages. California Canneries'
Co., 423 Brannan st
WANTED— Educated young maa to leara our
buslaess and take responsible position when
qualified; $900 per year; flrst-ciass reference*
required. Stoddard Lectures, 210 Examiner
building.
TRY our men's shoes, union made, at $1 and
$1 60 pair; foot-form shoes at $2 30; we pay
express or mall chga. 11 Third it.. Exam. bid.
COATMAKER for country. REIS3 BROS. A
- CO.. 24 Batter st
MAN to do Janitor work for tuition In S. P.
Barber School. 741A Howard st
8AILQRS and ordinary seamen for Europe and
Australia. HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart st
600 MEN to buy new and 2d-hand army shoes,
80c up; soling cheap. 923 Howard st. nr. 5th.
PENSION atty. E. A. Bullls. room 40. Pbelvi
bldg. Past Com. Qeo. H.Thomas Post Q.A.R.
WANTED — For the U. S. Marine Corps, able-
bodied, unmarried men. between 21 and 33:
good character: most speak, read and writ*
English; marines serve at sea on men-of-war
In all parts of the world, on land in our Isl-
and possessions, and at naval stations In tho
United States. Apply at recruiting office 40
Ellis st. San Francisco. Cal.: 222V4 N. Main
st. Los Angeles. Cal.. and 401 K st. Sacra-
mento. Cal.
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkln. .Reno House proprietor. h*a
added 100 new rooms to the Denrer House.
217 Third st. : 230 rooms; 23c per night.
WINCHESTER Hotel, 44 Third st. near Mar-
ket— 700 rooms. 35c night; reading rooms:
free 'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. 0(3 Mission st. bet 1st and 2d sts.
GET your shoes half soled while walttn*: 23c
to 60c. 663 Mission st. bet. 1st and 2d uta.
HOTELS A~D BOARDXN0-HOTJS£3.
"THE PRINCETON."
(EUROPEAN PLAN.)
Superbly furnished and the only high-grade
residence hotel In the city which Is operated
on the Euiopean Dlan.T Located at No. 710
JONES ST.. bet SUTTER and POST STS..
and reached by three street car lines. One
hundred rooms, mostly arranged en suite,
with bath. Electric lights, steam heat. Ions
distance telephone in every suite; billiard
and smoking rooms aad a magnificent grill-
room. Rates are very reaaonahla.
BPSIXESS CHAHCES — Continued.
A— $1600; RESTAURANT and chop house;
close to Phelan building; daily receipts about
$85; splendid business. Be* R. G. WILKE,
'¦ 26tt Kearny it. ¦ .
A— $326; RESTAURANT and coffee saloon, on
Third st; rent $30: average dally receipts,
$18; a bargain. R. Q. WILKE. 26VJ Kearny.
NEW HOTEL FOR SALE—
A brand new brick hotel of 100 rooms,
magnificently furnished throughout with ths
very best grade of furniture and carpets;
located in the very heart of the high-grade
residence hotel section, on a corner, and
equipped with every modern hotel con-
venience, such as electric lights, electric
elevator, steam heat phones In every room,
billiard room, grill room, etc.; long lease.
If you're looking simply for something cheap,
for speculation, regardless of quality,' don't
bother with this. But If you want a really
high-grade proposition for permanent Invest-
ment that will yield good, steady returns
and be a credit to you, by all means look
into It Apply Room 1403. Call building.
118,000— HALF Interest In well-established bus-
iness In San Francisco; capital required to
meet expansion. Don't Inquire un'.»ss a work-
er and ambitious; full Investigation permit-
ted; bank references; write for- Interview;
principals only dealt with. Box 1006, Call.
THERE Is only one absolutely perfect,' safe and
sure system of beating the races, earning a
regular dividend each month of 6 per cent and
upward when the results are guaranteed by a
respectable, reputable Incorporated company
with a large capital and guarantee fund for
that purpose. The "Ledger System" alone
has accomplished this and It Is the sole prop-
erty of the undersigned, to whom you should
write for particulars at once In order to avail
yourself of the greatest opportunity ever pre-
sented to you. Address Kentucky Mutual
Sweepstakes Assn., Temple Court, N. Y. City.
•
CORNER lodging house — Sixty rooms, and
every one big and sunny; downtown location;
a new house, nicely furnished; only opened
a short time, yet already on a paying basia;
everything modern; electric lights, steam
heat, etc.; long lease; a good legitimate ln-
' vestment; offered for what It's worth; not a
cent less, not a cent more. Apply room 1403,
Call building.
FOR SALE—
Furniture, carpets and good will of a new
brick apartment house of 175 rooms In the
city's ewellest locality; partly furnished, and
although Just opened. Is half filled with regu-
lar 'tenants already; long lease. If you want
an apartment house don't fall to get particu-
lars of this, at room 1403, Call building.
TO LEASE.
On Mason street, adjoining the "Poodle
Dog," a fine, modern rooming house of 105
rooms, under construction, but almost
' finished; 50 single rooms and. 65 baths; great
location; reasonable rent; a sure money
winner If run on the right plan. SPECK &
CO., 667 Market st
MANAGER wanted— A national concern with
headquarters In New York would like to cor-
respond with men of ability who are capable
of establishing branch office and managing
a large business on salary basis. They must
be hustlers, strictly trustworthy, well edu-
cated and able to Invest from $3000 to $5000
in a thoroughly established, suucexeful and
legitimate business; references exchanged.
Box 400. 617 Sixth ave.. New York.
LIST your mining stock for sale If you want
cash; no brokerage or listing fees; 10,000 buy-
ers of mining shares; send for, particulars, list
of fake and defunct stocks, latest mining
news, all States. Bulletin Mining Exchange,
1748 Stout St., Denver. Colo.
FOR SALE BY ELROD A HULL.
$400 — Chicken ranch.
$1000— Dairy, cows and goats.
ELROD A HULL,
1 block of Fruitvale station.
A MECHANICAL engineer wants to meet an
Intelligent lady of means that will consider
an investment in a secure and very profitable
" permanent enterprise In Oakland. Box 815,
Call office. Oakland.
FOR sale — Corner grocery and bar; running
9 years; with lot 25x100 and Improvements; a
etorn and 2-story cottage; 6 rooms and bath;
NW cor. Twenty-first and Douglass sts.
WILL sell modern ground floor photographic
studio, fully equipped; established business;
If necessary will Instruct entire business to
buyer. C. G. FOLLRATH, Peorla, 111.
GET ycur shares! Great success! See the new
saw filing machine. Office room. 4 Flood
bldg., or at M. P. SCH ELL'S. .Model Maker.
629 Mission st
FIRST-CLASS delicacy store; good location;
doing good business; at a bargain; sickness
cause of selling. Box 1007. Call. .
SALOON for sale, cheap; long lease; • cheap
rent; sell because of death; call between 7
and 8 p. m. 794 Mission st. *
$250— GOOD paying candy and icecream busl-
ne8s;Vstabllshed 3 years; must be sold; good
chance. 111H Folsom st.,«or Smith's, 241 8th.
OLD-ESTABLISHED grocery and bar for sale.
Inquire at southwest corner Powell and Val-
lejo sts., from 0 a. m. to 5 p. m.
$1000— THE Santa Cruz bill-posting plant; will
pay for Itself In one year. 256 Pacific ave.,
Santa Cruz. Cal.
BUSINESS man with office furniture and email
capital wants profitable employment Box
. 10S1. Call. - •
$1000 WANTED to establish cannery for gro-
cers' specialties. Box 1004. Call.
$100 NEEDED to locate gold ledge; rich; near;
half interest Box 1079; Call.
FOR sale — Ladies' and gents' tailoring business
with 3 rooms, furnished. Box 1068, Call.
LADY of hotel experience would like partner;
excellent proposition. Box >.403, Call.
PARTNER office business; small cap-
ital. Box 1080, Call.
FOR sale — Largest, best located stable In city.
Apply SCOTT & MAGNER, hay merchants,
615 Sixth st. _^
GROCERY and bar; great bargain; fine loca-
tion and trade; cheap rent; living rooms;
good bar business. 1 230 Minna st.
CROCKERY, household utenslla, toys; account
of other business; established years; stands
Investigation. Box 1053, Call.
FOR sale — Mocha restaurant 1759% Mission
street
FOR sale — Grocery business In .small town;
clean, new stock; will Invoice about $3000;
doing good business; best of reasons for
selling. Address P. O. box 123. Sulsun, Cal.
$350— CHICKEN ranch, chickens and fixtures
for sale; 5-room house, 1 acre of land, for
. rent; $10 per month: 6 years' lease. Address
P. O. box 142. Frultvale. Cal.
$500— PARTXER; tend to shipping goods; do
some collecting; $100 month guaranteed. Par-
ticulars 620 Bryant st.
MERCHANDISE business in small town near
San Jose. Address box 524, San Jose, Cal. •
FOR sale^ — Oyster and chop house. 1197 Mar-
ket St.. cor. Eighth.
FOR sale — Printing office: good condition: es-
tabllshed patronage: cheap rent 1042. Call.
Halrdresslng parlors; cheap; value In sight;
good location; retiring. 1153 Market st.
A bakery; delicacy; all store trade; $25 a day;
price $1SOO; no agents. 715 McAllister st
OUTSIDE route No. 4 thin Daper for sale.
Inquire hardware «tore. 19th and Folsora sts.
LODGING-HOUSES FOR SALE.
jj c DECKER," *
i 906 MARKET ST., COR. STOCKTON. '
V PHONE JOHN 531.
Headquarters for Real Estate. Rooming-
Houses. Hotels. New Apartment Houses,
Flats and Private Homes. :. v; 5
27 YEARS IN THIS BUSINESS IN
SAN FRANCISCO.
See the following bargains:
10 rooms; Folsom st; full of roomers... .$225
7 rooms; modern flat; fine furniture 200
8 rooms; newly furnished; clears $25.... 175
14 rooms; exchange for larger house -COO
17 rooms; 9 rooms furnished; snap BOO
8 rooms; Leavenworth st. ; reduced to... 500
35 rooms; choice location; Oakland .3200
12 rooms; Geary St.: choice transient -400
42 rooms; sunny corner; rent $100........ 3200
30 rooms; sunny bay-window corner. .....2800
26 rooms; Mission and Sixth sts.; snap... 1900
12 rooms; Taylor st; transient only. 700
60 rooms; Market St.; of flees: permanent. 5500
62 rooms; part house; long, lease .2000
8 rooms; cost $1500; a beauty; reduced.. 750
18 rooms: newly furnished; long lease.... 1200
• H. C. DECKER, 1)06 Market, cor. Stockton.-
A BIG OFFER » , THIS WEEK.
See KREDO & CO.. 765 Market st.
Up-to-date Reliable Brokers.
Best $4000 modern house, $2250; clears $300.
Auction price; must -sell. \
A S-room flat; furnished; only $85.
50 others; all sizes; low prices.
We loan you the money.
List with us; customers waiting.
$£50 — ELEGANT colonial flat of 6 rooms and
bath; beautifully furnished; all new; cost
Over $1000: piano cost $350 alone; must sell.
PETERSEN A LARSEN, 1035 Market, rm. 1.
A BARGAIN this week; forced sale; 34 rooms;
Market st, central; all rented; first floor of-
fices, clearing $175; only $2400: easy terms.
PETERSEN A LARSEN. 1035 Market, rm. 1.
MEETIS3S SUNDAY.
MTSTIC CIRCLE. __
Sunday, 11 a. ra.. Dr. Emerson Clark will
lecture oa "Why Don't Ood Kill the DerllT"
8 p. ra.. Dr. F. O. Parish will lecture on
the "New Maa"; good musio; silver collec-
tion following each lecture; demonstrations
in ohrenolory and kindred sciences. Opera
Hall. 62S Sutter st. third floor. . __-¦¦
TESTS. D03 Market 11 a. m. — Mlas Florence
Morse. Inspirational lecture, clairvoyant; In-
troductory remarks, J. J. Morse, 2 and 7:30
Mr. Wilson, Mrs. Tobias, J. N. Young, others,
10c -
MRS. WERMOUTH and Dr. Cowan's spiritual
meeting; 8 p. m.. Odd Fellows' bldg., corner
Seventh and Market eta.
ARRIVED— Psychic PROF. FRED EVANS.
1112 Eddy st; note ad under bead of spirit-
ual! nm.
Mrs. Stoddard' • seances 10c; convincing: testa
can be recognlred; Bun.Tu. sittings. 278 9th.
KATIE HEUSSMANN, 909 Market, Colanthe
Hall, to-night; spiritual messages; ad. 'free.
FRIENDSHIP Hail. SS5 McAllister— Mrs. C. J.
Meyer; sit dally; test to all every night; lOo.
MME. YOUNG'S convincing spirit messages to-
nlght; 10c 619 MoAJIlster; come, skeptics.
W. G. KEEOAN holds a test meeting to-night,
10c; sittings. 10 to 13 and 1 to 6.
JOHN SLATER'S test meeting to-night at 8:13
sharp; lower ha.IL 117 Larkln st
EARLE' S grand slate and test seance to-night.
1062 Ellis street
MEETING NOTICES.
CALIFORNIA Lodge No. 1, I. O. _-_W_^,
O. F. — lUrulsr me»tinjr M0N-.$_3ECjHfc<li
DAY EVENING. Business o'^^^fa^
Importance. *wfmWy
E. KAUFMAN!?. N. Q.
EXCELSIOR Lodge No. S10, I. O. .'"Bgfti-r
O. F.— Initiation M° NDAY 3^S5Ei
EVENING, Aug. 24. Visiting "^^^gSj^
brethren cordially '"^^^TT
M. HAWKINS. R. B. .
GREAT Scotch gathering— Clan Fra- hQ» ,
Ber 1 * picnic at Schuetren Park AD- VJGw'
MISSION DAY, Sept. ». This will
be the outdoor event of the season; ¦—^>_\
new, novel and amusing events. In- __N$;
eluding football and walking ** j
matches, etc; dancing all day in the largest
pavilion on the Paclflo Coast Ticket*, in-
cluding R. R. fare, 60c; children, 25c
WILLIAM CORMACK. Chief. !
A. KDfO. Secretary. I
TO the Officers and Members itf^T^, >v
of ths Riggers' and Steve- _l_Jjt ijnJ^N
dores' Union Association j>Jff*y*~ggS3
Local 222 of tbe I. L. M. « "**~L«
and T. Association — You are hereby notified
to attend the#regular meeting of this asso-
ciation to be held Monday. Aug. 24. at 8 p.
m. Business of great Importance to come
before the association. By order of
THOMAS F. BRYANT. President
HENRY JEND, Recording Secretary.
THE annual meeting of the stockholders of
tbe Paclflc Undertakers will be held at 777
Mission st, San Francisco, on MONDAY,
August 24, 1903, at 8:30 p. m.. for the elec-
tion of directors for the ensuing year and
the transaction of such other business as
may com* before the meeting. Transfer
books will close on Thursday. Aurust 2a
By order of the board of directors.
M. C. GORHAM. Secretary.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call 16 pages, sent to any address In the
United States or Canada one year for $1.
postage paid.
AGENTS WAKTED.
$1.00 PER HOUR and upward POSITIVE. The
manufacturers of the BEST, most attractive
and RAPID SELLING ladles' and men's
dress shoe known desire men and women
demonstrators everywhere. Ten NEW, re-
markable sight selling health and comfort
features; original selling plan; possibilities
unlimited. NO RISK. Write to-day.
Kushlon Komfort Shoe Co., 1155 Market st,
San Francisco. Cal.
WANTED — An established Chicago corporation
wants a manager and general agent for its Pa-
cific Coast branch, located at San Francisco.
Must possess executive ability and unques-
tioned Integrity; must have had selling ex-
perience and be able to Invest some capital.
Address, with references, experience an<l par-
ticulars, P. O. box 193, Chicago, 111.
WE want men and women of rood standing
in every community In the United States '
and Canada to represent us. Hustlers, as
toon as they learn tbe business, can earn $5 i
per day and upward. No money is required.
Address T. J. BRADSHAW, president, room
i/2. Granite block. St. Louis. Mo.
EXCELLENT opportunity "Is offered to a man
of character and ability, who can sell first-
class Government bonds for monthly Install-
ments without risk; good commission; people '
who speak different languages preferred. Ap-
ply Rlalto bldg.. rooms 405-407.
BEGIN business for yourself; stop working for
others. We start you In profitable mall-order
bUFlness at your home; pleasant work; im-
mense profits; unlimited possibilities; full in-
formation for stamp. Franklin-Howard Co.,
Denver. Colo.
AGENTS wanted everywhere to handle "Nov-
elty Si— Cards": every merchant buys from
10 to 100 on sight; 800 varieties; catalogue
free. SULLIVAN CO., 1139 Maplewood ave.,
Chicaeo, 111.
AGENTS — Send 20c In stamps for the handsome
"Blue Leaf Quota of Bible Quotations and
Selections." Agents are selling thousands of
them. W. P. SMITH A CO.. box 1538, Provl- |
dence. R. I.
$30 A WEEK to sell our oil burner. % cheaper
than coal; heats stoves and furnaces; burns
crude oil: sample free. Write National Mfg.
Co.. Station E. New York, N. Y.
FIVE experienced men to place shares in high-
class mercantile company in which some of :
best business men on coast are directors. Ad-
dress box 1096, Call office.
AGENTS— A new money-maker. F. PERSON,
477 and 47S Parrott building.
AGE— T3 AgD 8OLI~?OBS_ WAlfTEP.
WANTED — An A No. 1 solicitor; none other
need apply. Call 1114 Washington St., Oak-
land, room 3, 10-12 a. m.
ATTOUNEYS-AT-LAW.
ROBT. W. KING, atty-at-law. Examiner bid.,
rm. 611; all cases, damages, estates, wills,
attachments, collections, etc.; consultation
free; no advance charges: call or write; even-
Ings by appointment. Tel. Red 3G01. •
ADVICE free-rl will advance cost In meritori-
ous cases, divorces, probate and all other law
cases: no fees In advance; open every even.
ing. J. M. THUR8TON. 819 Market st. r. 31.
ADVICE free: divorces a speclalty:qulck,qutet;
no charge without success; established 15 yrs.
G. W. HOWE 1122 Market st. opp. Hale's.
ADVICE free all cases. R. C. ADAMS, room
316. third floor. Examiner building.
L. 6. CLARK. Emma Spreckels bldg.. 927 Mar.
ket St.: consultation free; no fees In advance.
AITKEN A AITKEN. attorneys, rs. 309-10-11
Clunle bldg.. 603 California st ; tel. Main 727.
ADVICE free: all cases; open evenings. M.
L. RYAN, 850 Market st. cor. Stockton.
HICVCI.ES— For Sale or Exchange.
3-GEAR hill-climber bicycle; almost new; $S0:
selling because doctor forbids me to ride.
1818 Market st : '• ¦¦ : --' ---- ¦
BIRDS, DOGS. ETC.
YOUNG talking parrots. ?5 each;Ger~ lan singing
canaries, 12; we will try to please you;every.
thing In our line at right prices. 1546 Market.
PU8IXESS CHA.NCES.
BIG profits will be realized during the next
few wecka in December Wheat The oppor-
tunity now offered by the wheat market for
quickly realizing large profits has seldom been
equaled. Do not iet this unusual opportunity
escape you, but write for our free booklet,
which tells all about our original methods
and clearly explains the wonderful advan-
tages of wheat investments at this time. No
matter what your position or occupation,
this booklet will prove highly Interesting and
profitable to you. With the booklet we send
the latest Information concerning the wheat
situation, showing just how and when to
Invest Experience on your part Is unneces-
sary and large capital Is not required. Your
account will be handled by an experienced
and reliable broker and you will be fully In-
> formed as to the progress of your account
Your investment is subject to withdrawal on
demand and is at all times under your con-
trol. Do not fail to Investigate our methods.
It costs you nothing and may be the means
of your realizing a fortune. Delmar Grain
Co.. suite 11, Granite block, St Louis. Mo.
A SPLENDID chance for Investment; make
your lit'.l'j money earn big Income. A $20
share will pay 5 per cent for first five years;
guaranteed by Columbian Banking Co. of San
Francisco, and a share in profits. Your
earnings on a $20 share will be, first
6 years. ..6 per cent|9th year $20
eth. year $0 10th year $25
7th year $12|llth year $29
8th year .~.$16jl2th year .....$33
Write to-day for free booklet. It will pay
you. Address LA ZACUALPA RUBBER
PLANTATION 6O.. 713 Market St. S. F.
CORPORATION ' controlling business estab-
lished 18G5. desires energetic business man
who can furnish unquestionable reference as
to ability and integrity to take management
of branch office for the State of Cal.; salary
12500 per annum. Address Auditor's Dept.,
box C36. Madison. Wis.
DO YOU WANT TOGO INTO BUSINESS?
Do you* want to go out of business?
WUford A Harrison, Business Agents, 3 Taylor.
LODGING HOITSCS FOR SALE— Con.
100 ROOMS; house for men; rent $140. : :.$4000
68 rooms; aouth of Market; rent $100... 2000
¦ 24 rooms:' corner; part cash; bal. easy, ; 850
- 11 rooms; good income; rent $20. i....- 350
21 rooms; water front; rent $40; lease. 650
120 rooms; good lease; low rent..... — .. C500
67 rma.; apartments; Western Add.; rfnt-. 250
, Money loaned at 1 per cent . ' ¦ > ¦" ,"¦'-:,
Hotels * roadhouses flats ' 5 to 100 rooms.
EITEL A CARROLL. 212 Kearny st ;
NEWLY furnished 27-room house, on Post st,
( opposite Olympic Club; private baths, sta-
tionary washstands. medicine lockers, | elec-
tric lighting, etiunclator In each room, steam
heat throughout and other modern conveni-
ences, for rent with 5 years' lease and fur-
niture for sale. Apply 338 Post st. •
CAKPET-BEATIXG AND CLEAXIXG.
AIR compressed dry Ice cold. Is now univer-
sally used In sanitarily cleaning carpets, oa
* floor, without removal or Injury; prices mod-
erate. Apply S. F. COMPRESSED AIR
CLEANING CO.. Call big.; phone Maln'5237.
WHEN you become disgusted with your work
send for SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
ing Works. 356-357 Tehama st. ; tel. South 40.
CALIFORNIA Carpet-beating Co. J. McQueen,
proprietor. 829. Guerrero st. tel. Mission 49.
TRY HOPKE BROS.; excellent carpet-beating;
mattresses made over. 1432 Howard .South 216
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co., 402 Sutter et;
tel. Main 394: GEO. WALCOM A CO.. Props.
RUDOLPH A CO., carpet-beating works; prices
reasonable. 1703 Harrison st. ; tel. Mission 263.
CONKLIN'B Superior Carpet-beating Works.
833 Golden Gate ave.; telephone East 126.
' SPIRITUALISM.
ARRIVEDr-PROF. FRED P.' EVANS, the
world-famed psychic, known as the independ-
ent • writer and clairvoyant. Indorsed by the
leading spiritual and psychical societies as
well as Journals of the world; consulted on
all lmprotant matters; spiritual or material;
office 1112 Eddy Bt. near Octavia, Send
stamp for circular on medlumshlp.
THOMAS OUELLETTE; special life readings
¦ 25c; absolutely free unless correct; full
names given. 34 Sixth St.. rooms 10 and 12.
READ on page 32 of a young lady's marvel-
ous escape from death through the advice of
ISMAR, the gypsy. "
A— ETHEL CRINDLE, materializing seance,
Sunday eve., 50c. 1115 Post; 8 o'clock sharp.
MRS. WINCHESTER, trance medium, 1C09
Clay — Circles Sunday, 8: Tuesday, 2 p. m.
KATIE HEUSSMAN, circle Friday evening.
25c; sittings. 1000 Harrison st. cor. Sixth.
MRS. J. J - WHITNEY, trance clairvoyant
business medium and life reader. 416 Turk.
EDWARD EARLE. 1052 Ellis, read'nss dally.
9:80 to 4; eeances Sunday and Thursday.
JOHN SLATER'S test meeting to-night at 8:15
sharp; lower hall. 117 Larkln st.
CLAIRVOYAXTS^ ;^
A^ CALL AT ONCE AND SAVE $2.
My Regular $3 Reading This Week for
$1 $1 Jl $1 $1 $1 $1 $1
PROFESSOR PAUL. DESTINE
The First Registered Trance Clairvoyant and
Palmist Ever In San Francisco.
I do hereby solemnly agree and guarantee
to make you no charge If I fall to tell youV
neme, occupation and what you call for; I
* prcmlee to tell you whether husband, wife Ol
' fcwtetheart is true or false; to tell whom anil
when you will marry; in fact. I will tell you
every hope, fear or ambttiort better than. you
can tell yourself. He restores lost affections,
reunites the separated, causes speedy and
happy marriages, makes you successful and
prosperous, cures disease and lost vitality
without medicine, locates hidden treasures ;.
hours 10 a. m. to S p. m.; Sundays 2 to 8.
ll'M O'Farrell st, 326.
MME.'M. BERNARD* THE' FAMOUS
Clairvoyant and business medium, perma-
nently located at 17 Third St.. next Examiner
bldg.: she reads your life "correctly, gives an
accurate description of the past, reveals the
present happenings and portrays events to
occur in the future; if you are In trouble, dls.
_ contented or not satisfied in life, or have do-
mestic, love or business troubles, consult this
great medium and you will be told how to
overcome them; valuable advice In all affairs
of life; 25c up; satisfaction guaranteed; read-
Ings by mall. Tel. Black 45C9.
ISMAR. the Egyptian gypsy, clairvoyant and
palmist, permanently located at 1104 Market
St.. cor. Turk: private readings dally. 10 a,
* m." to 5 p. m. : readings by mail as satisfac-
tory as in person: 3 questions answered. $1;
full life, $5; send lock of hair, date and year
of birth; don't send currency. Send postofflce,
Wells-Fargo money order or registered letter.
A — MME. PORTER, scientific clairvoyant and
card reader, born with a double- veil and sec-
ond eight; tells the past, present and future;
ladies 50c; gents, $1; by cards, palmistry
and clairvoyant sitting; $1 50. 126 Turk st.
Mrs. A. H. Kronenberg. palmist, clairvoyant,
card reader, will give a good reading, 10c. for
a short time only; when others fall try me to
convince yourself. 402 Franklin, near Grove.
FREE — Your fortune; nothing but the truth.
Send now three 2-cent stamps and birthdate.
Dr. BEST, 144. P. COS. Chicago.
READ on page 32 of a young lady's marvel-
ous escape from death through the advice of
ISMAR. the gypsy.
A — Mme. Ravenna reads life, business advice;
names given; 25c up. 5 4tb St.. near Market.
MRS. BROWN, clairvoyant card reader; ladles
2."c; gents 50c; readings dally. 132 Sixth st.
MME. WALTERS, great card reader; la. 25c;
gents 50c. 951 Mission St., nr. Cth; open Sun.
MISS SEYMOUR, wonderful card reader; sat-
isfaction guaranteed. 303 Jessie, cor. 4th.
MBS. SHAFER clairvoyant card reader: sit-
tings daily. 44S'i Jes?le St., bet. 5th and 6th.
OLDEST lady palmist and card reader In city.
26Vi Kearny, room 20; ladies 25c, csnts 50c.
MME. LE FERN professional card reading.
109 Fifth st.
_| COLLECTION OFFICES.
BANGHART & WEYER,
Collectors.
No. 1170 Market Street Room 37.
ADVICE free; bad tenants ejected speedily. CO-
LUMBIAN LAW AGCY.. r. 85, 916 Market;
tel. Red 618; collections; gen'l law business.
BAD tenants ejected for $4: collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO.. 41T. Montgomery, roomn B-10: tel. BftSO.
FLATS TO LET.
FILLMORE, 1017-1025, near McAllister— Two
magnlflcent new sunny flats, 7 rooms and
bath; convenient to several car lines; rent
reasonable. SHAINWALD. BUCKBEE &
CO., 218-220 Montgomery st. Mills bldg.
BRYANT, 321 — Corner; several flats, 4 and 5
rooms and bath; $ti, $8, $12. Apply Flat C
on premises.
CONTINENTAL BLDG. A LOAN ASSN.,
301 California st, San Francisco, Cal.
HOUSES and flats to Jet; an immense list; ser-
vice absolutely free; take advantage of this
department: It will save • you time and
trouble. Cordes Furniture Co.. 24S-2S9 Geary
it., on tbe square. t "
CORNER Noe and Elizabeth sts.; new, sunny
flat on corner, 1050 Noe st. ; modern Improve--
ments; convenient to Twenty- fourth and Cas-
tro st. cars; rent reasonable..
A 'MOST convenient, practically new upper
6-room flat; half block from Market st; rent
reasonable; Castro and Elghteenth-st. cars.
3943 Seventeenth st. ¦ ' ¦ • :•
CALL for printed list houses and flats to let;
something new every day; will find what you
want. LYON & HOAG, 116 Montgomery st.
$14— POST st, 2454, near Broderlck— 6 rooms;
cheapest flat In the .neighborhood. Apply at
.VON RHEIN R. E. CO.. 513 California Bt. •
N. W. COR. Fulton and Scott— 9 extra large
R. & B.; exposed on all sides; separate en-
trance; grand view; only $50.
BEAVER. 57 — New 9-room flat; low rent to a
good tenant. •
FLAT, 336 Oak; modern flat, S rooms and
. bath; finished by September 1.
.FLAT, 4 rooms and bath; 143 William st,
near Post. Inquire middle flat.
HAYES, 1753. near Park entrance — Sunny up-
per flat, 4 rooms and bath; rent $16. ¦ .
LOMBARD, 945-987— Lower newly modeled
flats; 5 rooms, baths, gardens, $25; open. f
PAGE, 1733. near Golden Gate Park — 3 . new
flats completed; 6 rooms and bath each.
TO LET — Corner upped flat, new. 7 rooms and
. bath. 3C8 Church st, block from Market. •
TO iet — Flat of four rooms: 1897 O'Farrell.
HOOKER A LENT. 14 Post st
TWENTY-SECOND, 3344, near Valencia — Bun-
ny upper flat; 6 rooma and bath. .. '
CHEAPEST and best In America — The Weekly
Call. ' 10 pages. ¦ sent to any address In the
United States or Canada one year for $1.
FLATS TO LET— FUKXISHED. -'
NINTH, 135-^-Furnlshed flat; 5 or 6' rooms, bath
and gas; use piano if desired. Call Monday.
PINE. 2738— Handsomely •' furnished sunny ; 5
. rooms and bath ; large yard; phone; adults.
FLATS FOR SALE FURNISHED, i
NEWLY and elegantly furnished lower- flat
within five minutes of Powell and Market
sts.; must sell; parties going East Address'
. box 8309, Call office. " : . ¦ j
FIVE-room\furnlshed flat for sale; 4 Antonio,
bet Ellis and O'Farrell. Call bet 10 and 3.
CHURCH SERVICES.
EIMPSON Memorial Methodist Episcopal
Church, ©or. Hayes and Buchanan sts.— Rer.
Joan Stephens, the- pastor, will preach at 11
a. in. en "A Boldler"8 Faith" and at 7:45
p. m. on "Testing Our Christianity." Muslo
under the direction of Mr. L B. Blake. Sun :
day-school at 12:30 p. m.. C. B. Perkins su-
perintendent Epwortto League at 6:45 p. m..
Dr. R. O. Moody president A cordial wel-
come for all to the services of this church.
CENTRAL Church (Methodist Episcopal). Mis-
sion at, bet Sixth and Seventh— Arthur H.
Brig** and Berber F. Brtggs, pastors. 11
a m., fennso by Arthur H- Brlggs; subject.
"Tne Character of a Methodist" 6:15 p. — u,
societies of Christian Endeavor. 7:30 p. m.,
concert, prt iirua 10a — Overture, "The Pirate
(Bellini), orchestra: instrumental quintet
"Night Sour" (Voct); contralto solo. "The
Penitent" (Coombs). Mlas Logaa Tooley; se-
lection. "Slrllletta" <Von Blon). orchestra;
recessional. "March" (Granenwald). orches-
tra. 8 p. m.. sermon by Herbert F. Brigga.
Tbe seats are free. The people are weloome.
GRACE Church (Metbodlrt Episcopal), cor.
Twenty-first and Capp sts.— Rer. Francis M.
-Larkln, Ph.D., pastor. Services at 11 a. m.
and 7*43 p m. Sunday-school at 12:43 p. m.
Morning subject "Ministering eplrita."
Evening subject. "The Holy Cathollo
Church." the viewpoint of a Protestant All
. invitee. Special muslo at ths evening Berries.
CALIPSJRNIA^BTREET Methodist Church,
cor. California and Broderick sts.— "Christ
and Ills Friends" will be tbe subject of Rer.
Clarence Reed at 11 a. m. "The Manliness
of Christ" will be the subject at t :48 p. m.
J. H. Hailowell, organist and chorister.
Strangers are cordially invited.
CALVARY Presbyterian Church, corner Jack-
sen and FUlmore streets— Rev. John Hemp-
hill. D. D.. pastor. Morning service at 11
o'clock; sermon topic. "The Kingdoms That
>-«— er Die." E rentng eervlce at 7:45 o'clock;
sermon topic, "Our Victorious Lord Returning
from the Conflict" The pastor will preach
at both services. Sabbath school at 9:30 a.
— i orchestral music; Christian Endeavor
meeting at 6:30 p. m.; prayer meeting Wed-
nesday evening at 8 o'clock. All are cor-
dlally invited.
BT JOHN'S Presbyterian Church, corner Cali-
fornia and Octavla streets — Rer. George O.
Eldredge. pastor. Morning service at 11
o'clock. Evening service at 7:46 o'clock, at
which there will be a special musical ser-
vice. Sunday school at 9:45 a. m.; Christian
Endeavor Society, vacation. Prayer meeting,
Wednesday evening at 8 o'clock.
LEBANON Presbyterian Church, corner San-
ches and Twenty-third sts., pastor, Rer. R.
Logan. M. A- — Morning: subject, "Is War
Justifiable T" Special reference to the Civil
War and the rlslt of the reterans to San
Francisco. Evening subject "Paul." Mon i-
lxtg service at 11 "o'clock, evening service at
6 o'clock. Christian Endeavor at 7 p. m.
Sunday-school at 10 a. m. Everybody glvea
s> hearty welcome. Seats free.
indTARIAN Church (First), 8.W. cor. Geary
and Franklin sts. — Rer. Bradford Leavltt
minister; Rer. Bradford Leavltt and Charles
A. Murdock. supts. of Sunday school. The
Junior Church and Sunday school are at 10
o'clock. The morning service Is at 11 o'clock.
Rer. Bradford Leavltt will preach; subject,
"The Greater Heroism." Music by quartet
under direction of H. Bretherlck. organist.
All are cordially invited. There is no. even-
ing service.
CNITARIAN Church (Second), corner Twen-
tieth and Capp sts. (take Mission or Valencia
st car) — Rev. Jay William Hudson, minister;
residence. 600 Capp st. Tbe Sunday school Is
under the supertntendency of W. C Maxwell
and meets at 9:45 o'clock. At the morning
service at 11 o'clock Mr. Hudson will preach
on the nibject "What Shall We Do With
Sunday?" Musical pro— ramme by orchestra
and choir, directed by Jablsh Clement The
sittings are free. No regular evening service.
FIRST Presbyterian Church. Van Ness ave.
and Sacramento st. — Rev. William Kirk
Guthrie. pastor. Morning eervlce at 11
o'clock. Rev. George H. Scott of New Hamp-
shire, and a soldier of the battle cf Gettys-
burg, will preach, subject, "The Full-grown
Man." Evening service, 7:45 o'clock,
preacher. Rev. W. K. Guthrie. Appropriate
and patriotic music will be given at both
services. Evenlnr ©raise service for G. A,
R. : Anthem "O Come, t Let Us Sing Unto
the Lord" (Buck); tenor solo and congrega-
tion. "BatUe Hymn of the Republic": organ
solo. "Improvisation on National Airs"; of-
fertory duet (soprano and alto), 'Awake Up
My Glorr"' (Millet); anthem. "O Thou Eter-
nal" (Sudden); organ postlude. "Star-
Spangled Banner." Otto Fleissner, organist
and director. Sabbath-school, 12:30 p. m.
Christian Endeavor n 6:13 p, — i. Wednes-
day. S p. re i.. midweek service, leader. Rev.
~.\ K. Guthrie. Members of the Grand Army
cf the Republic and their friends are cor-
dially Invited to all of these services.
TRINITY Church, cor. Bush. and Gough sts..
Rev. F. W. Clampett. rector. Holy com-
munloii 7:30 a. m. Sunday-school 9:30 a.
m. Morning service 11 o'clock., sermon by
• rector. Evensong 4 p. m.; sermon by as-
sistant.
PLYMOUTH Conn relational Church, Post st,
near Webster— Rev. 1. C. Meserve. D. D.,
pastor. Services at 11 a. m. end 7:45 p. m.
At the evening service the pastor will speak
on "Lesions From the Great Civil War."
Visitors and strangers are always welcome.
"GENERAL ROBERT E. LEE and His
Patriotism" will be the subject of P.ev. Wil-
liam Rader's pern ion at the Third Congrega-
tional Chupch at 7:45 p. m. In the morning,
"The Heroism of the Commonplace" will be
the subject.
FIRST Baptist Church. 320 Eddy st. — Preach-
ing at 11 a. m. and 7:30 p. m. by the Rev.
W. B. Hinson of San Dleco. Bible school
at 12:30. Y. P. S. C E. at 0:30. Prayer
meeting on Wednesday at 7:45 p. m. Seats
free and all invited.
REV. MR. HINSOX of San Diego, Cal.. will
preach at the_ First Baptist Church, subject,
morning, "What Even 'body Wants"; even-
ing, "Destroy Christ; Then WhalT'
AT the Young Men's Christian Apsociation
building. Mason and Ellis cts.. this (Sunday)
afternoon, at 3 o'clock. Rev. Frank K.
Baker will address the mass meeting for men;
subject "The Advantages of Matrimony to
the Young Man." the fourth In the Eeries.
Mr. and Mrs. Baker, the blind evangelist*.
will sing, and all men are invited to attend.
FIRST Church of Chrirt. Scientist Central
block. 223 Sutter st. bet. Kearny and Grant
ave.— Christian Science ser%lee at 11 a. — i. ;
subject of lesson-iwrmon. "Christ Jesus."
Sunday school for children at the same hour;
Wednesday evening meeting at S o'clock: free
reading room, 206 Kearny st, rooms 509-510;
all are welcome.
THE People's Church, Sunday evenings at 8
o'clock. Elke' Hull. 2:2 Sutter st— Pastor.
Mrs. Anna L. Gilllspie. Subject this even-
Ing, "Hidden Purposee." All are welcome.
THE Theosophical Society, Golden Gate Lodge
— Free public lecture every Sunday. 8 p. m..
Flood buildlnir, 809 Market et. Subject to-
night, "PFychology." by Miss M. A. Walsh.
Discussion meeting Saturday, 8 p. m.. Emma
Spreckels building. Library ani free read-
ing-room, room 11. Flood building, open
daily. 1 to 4 d. ~ i. -
THE Theosophical Society— Coi. H. S. Olcott.
president-founder. Headquarters, second
floor, Odd Fellows' bldg. Public lecture at 8
p. m. by Frederirk M. Willis: subject "Tho
Horn* We Live In." . Lotuf Group at 11 a. m.
Study class, Thursday at 2:30 p. m.
HERMETIC Brotherhood. 509 Van Xess ave. —
Open re. letting Thursday eve.. 8 o'clock. W.
C. Bailey. M. D., Ph.D.. lectures on — — -
bolls— i of motion. . C - -~ •
gPKDA Y LECTCKES.
DR. W. R PRICE, of International fame as
orator, author, scientist and philosopher, lec-
tures under the auepices of The Psychic Re-
search Society this evening at 8 o'clock.
Memorial Hall. Odd Fellows' bldg. ; subject
"The Labor Question" — discussed from the
standpoint of new (or practical) psychology,
with telepathic demonstrations; admission 10c.
HENRY FRANK, eminent lecturer In Carnegie
Lyceum. New York, on the Religion of Sci-
ence. A founder "Independent Liberal Society
of the New Thought." delivers address Gold-
en Gate Hall. Sunday, 11 a. ra. (only); sub-
ject. "Progress and Triumph of Truth "
"Magnetic Orator." "Profound Thinker."
Miss Xena Roberts sings. Seats free.
AA — Dr. J.- Dcpew Kergan's free lecture this
evening. Crystal lUU. Pythian Castle, txrj
Market et.; subject "How's Your Heart T'
lollowed by views of Venice, the home of the
Pope; free tickets will be dlrtrlbuted for X-
nty exhibition at Sanitarium. Tuesday even-
ing; remember the question box; music
O. N. ORLOW will deliver an Intereninc lec-
ture In Golden Gate Hall (upstairs), C29 Sut-
ter et.. this evening at 8 o'clock sharp; sub-
ject. "God and Man of the T~ -entloth Cen-
tury." Piano and vocal solos; admission Is
free. ;.; j.
DR. ALEXANDER J. McIVOR-TYNDALL" de-
llvers popular pcychologleal lecture. - "\_fcat
»* Thought T' tc-nlght Stelnway HaII,«C23
fcutt'.r, «5:i:». Telegraphic and thought-trans-
frrence demonstrations follow.
SWAMI TRIGUNATITA will deliver his
fourth lecture on "Is There Any Difference
Between a Christian and a Hindu T' to-night
* o'clock. 40 Stelner Et; admission 25 cents-
Vedanta Society.
"THE Sex Question" — Thaddeus 8. Fritz of
Forward Movement 11 and 7:30. Occidental
Hall. Supreme Court bldg.. Larkin A McAlr.
J. J. MOREE of England lectures to-night at
8, in Welcome Hall. Odd Fellows' bldg.; sub-
ject, "Spirits, Good and EvlL"
T. Q. de STONE. M. D. — Lecture, subject
"Posltlreness," Sunday. 8 p.m. Golden Gate
Hall, Sutter st; free.
"NOW" lecture. Henry Harrison Brown.
"Salt" Odd Fellows bldg.. 8 p. m. aha— .
KATE HEUSSMANN, 003 Market Colanthe
Ball, to-nlgrht; free lecture; spiritualism. .
A WEEK'S news for S cents — The Weekly Call.
' 16 paces, la —rapper, for tn«iM*g, $1 per year.
__ FOB SALE. _
FOR SALE— Furniture of . 4-room flat . cheap. :
201 Franklin st; call bet 9 and 3 Sunday.
NEW carpets and t all new oak furniture 5
flat cheap. 1615 Laguna st.
X- FPR3MTUIIE WANTED.
A. WOLLPERT. 773 Mission, phone Red 4462/
¦' buys, rents, repairs, packs furniture, carpets.
J HELP WANTED— FEMALE.
"WANTED— Housework. Palo Alto, see lady
office Monday, $25; housework. Vacavllle, $25,
no washing, fare paid;. San Rafael. 3 In fam-
- lly. $25; 4 housework girls In Berkeley, Ala-
meda, Oakland, San Lorenzo, at $25; call
Monday. J. F. CROSETT A CO.. 334 Sutter.
. SECOND girl. Menlo Park, $30; Ross Valley,
$25; San Rafael, $20; nurseglrl, Ross Valley.
$25; lady's maid. $25, one who can pack;
call Monday. J. F. CROSETT & CO., 334
Sutter Bt. -, '
COOK, hotel, country. $33; cook, 10 boarders,
$30; 3 German cooks. $.'!0-$35; 3 small board-
ing-house cooks, $25-$30; we want a large
number of cooks for both American and Ger-
man families at $20, $25. $30 In both city
and country. Apply to J. F. CROSETT &
CO., 334 Sutter st.
"WANTED— Working- hotel housekeeper, $30; 8
second girls, city and country; 3 nurseglrls,
city and country. $25-$30; German compan-
ion to lady, $25; 2 chambermaids, wait one
meal, $20; nurse for nursery., $20: 4 walt-
: resses, $20, $25: chambermaid, girls' school,
$25; laundress for hospital. $20; 2 laundresses
for Orphanage, $30, and 40 houseglrls In both
city and country at $20, $25. $30; call Mon-
day. J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 334 Sutter st
HOP PICKERS— HOP PICKERS.
Men, women and children, pay $1 per 100,
can make $2 to $3 a day; we make special
shipments Monday. Tuesday and Wednesday.
The 24th, 25th and 2Cth. Wagons will meet
you at the depot and take you to the hop
fields; fare $1 50. office fee $1. CAL. EM-
PLOYMENT AGENCY. 59 Third bt.
WANTED— Experienced saleslady for chil-
dren's millinery department; good pay and
. steady position to right party: leierence nec-
essary. Apply between 9:30 and 10:30 Mon-
day. I. MAGNIN & CO.. 43-53 Ellis st
WANTED — Young girls as apprentices to learn
the business. Apply between !>:30 and 10:30
a. m.. Monday. I. MAGNIN & CO.. 43-53
Elite it. ¦ '
WANTED — Experienced dressmakers for alter-
ations. Apply between S;:>0 and 0:30 a. m.
- Monday. I. MAGNIN & CO.. 43-53 Ellis st.
GIRLS and women to operate on shirts, coats
and overalls. .If you are looking for work
give us a trial. We pay Inexperienced hands
while learning; new machines; best of prices;
steady work guaranteed. Apply 631 Mission.
HA1RDRESSING, 'manicuring, massage, hair
work; removal of superfluous hair taught
from A to Z in 2 weeks for $10; positions
guaranteed; $10 to $20 per week; school day
and eve. 233 Geary, r. 13; maids prepared.
A— LADIES, learn all branches hatrdVesslng
trade; manicuring, massage, etc.; 1236 Mar-
ket it., cor. Jones, room 91; positions secured
at highest wages; day and eve. class; call.
WOMEN and girls to work on fruit; steady
- employment: day and piece work: highest
wages. CODE-PORTWOOD CANNING CO..
Bryant and Tenth.
A — Girls to learn millinery now for fall season;
both seasons taught from start to finish In one
month for $10; positions a3 trimmers, sales -
. ladles, etc... guaranteed at $10 per week up;
day and evening class. 143 Stockton St., r. 13.
LADIES to do piecework home: we furnish ma-
terials; pay from $7 to $12 weekly. Send
stamped envelope Royal Co., 34 Monroe st.,
Chicago.
$20 A 100 writing letters home; envelope for
particulars. Electric Reniedy Co.. dept. 101,
235 So. Michigan. South Bend. Ind.
LADIES — Do sewing home; machine or hand;
material furnished; no deposit. Woman's
Rem. Co., 12 State St. desk ASS, Chicago.
WANTED — AH the ladles to know that we
. are the only hous« making suits to Individual
measurements at factory prices; try it.
Royal Cloak and Suit Co., 523 Market st.
WANTED — Young woman with knowledge of
bookkeeping for gen. clerical work in whole-
sale estab. ; ref a. ; res. of S. F. Box 1060, Call.
FIRST-CLASS sewers on ladles' waists, tennis
gowne, etc.; work sent or car fare paid. H.
FRIEDLANDER. 338 Fell st
WANTED — First-class millinery maker; salary
$15 per week; state experience. Box 1091.
Call office. .
A GOOD motherly woman Is wanted for a 10-
months baby; It Is a nice home for the right
party. Box 1092. Call.
GOOD woman wanted for a small child; work
light; a good home; state age, references
and salary expected. Box 1093, Call.
GIRLS — About 15, for factory work: good
wages; apply at once. . AMES & HARRIS,
IdC fcecramento st. " .
LADY over 25 with some business experience
' to take charge of business branch. Box 1089,
Call office.
OPERATORS on muslin underwear: also
learners. G. W. REYNOLDS CO., 595-507
Mission st. ',
A — HAND finishers on waists wanted. 656
Mission Et. ; take elevator.
A — OPERATORS on ladles' underwear; good
pa)'. «;."<; Mission st. ; take elevator.
A — GIRLS from 14 to 16 years to sew by. hand.
650 Mission st; take elevator.
WANTED — Second girl; wages $20. Call Mon-
day forenoon. 2023 California st.
GOOD trimmer wanted. H. P. DINAN, 24
Kearny st.
AN active, conscientious woman to travel for
a business firm. Box 1078, Call.
WANTED — Experienced operators on hem-
stitch machine., 623 -Market st, room 8.
WANTED — Experienced operators on skirts.
523 Market st.. room 8.
YOUNG girl to assist with housework; small
family. 1810 Broderlck'st. . .-.- -
YOUNG girls to wind yam: no experience.
Guntner & Mattern -Co.. 607 Grove st.
INTELLIGENT and Industrious person for
steady position; salary $50. 302 Callaghan bd.
YOUNO girl for general housework; 2 In fam-
ily and baby; carfare. 539 Scott st.
LADY agents on salary. Call 9 to 5j office 59,
Columbian building, 916 Market Bt.
MIDDLE-AGED Swedish woman as working
housekeeper; 2 In family. 622 Natoma st.
A GOOD cook.'. ; Apply Monday forenoon at 2112
Vallejo St., near Buchanan.
LUNCH waitress \ wanted at 507 Fourth st;
call Monday. •
GIRL for general housework In small family;
adults; good wages. 2115 Broderlck st.
A LADY of Indomitable energy to make money
and a convincing talker. F. PERSON. 477
and 478 . Parrott building.
WANTED— Experienced salesladies for suit
and cloak department at STRAUSS A
FROHMAN'S, 107-109 Post st.
WANTED — Parcel wrappers at STRAUSS5 &
FROHMAN. 107 and 100 Post gt. '
WANTED — Salesladies for all departments at*
STRAUSS A FROHMAN. 107 and 109 Post
GERMAN girl to take care of child In family
boarding at San Rafael and assist in light
housework. In flat when family returns to city
In September: wages $20. Apply to G. W.-
CLARK & CO.. 304 Post st.
FIRST-CLASS trimmers for city and country:
good salaries; stf.idv positions. Apply HOLM
& NATHAN. 512 Market.
A YOUNG girl for light housework and assist
with children: wages $20; call between 12
and 4. 1636 Waller st
WANTED— First-class cloak and suit sales-
woman. Apply at HALE BROS'.
WANTED — Experienced millinery maker. Ap-
ply between 9 and 11 a. m. at HALE BROS*.
LINERS and flnrahers on furs. Apply before
;.:10 a. m.,;H. LIEBES & CO.. 137 Post fct
NEAT drl for general housework: no wash-
; Ing; four (4) adults. 1914 Vallejo st.
WANTED — Thoroughly experienced untneum-
bered woman to take care of a child about
1 year of age. Address box 1052. Call. •
ITALIAN lady who can speak English wanted
to • travel. Apply ¦ Girls' Directory Central
'ave. and Waller st. —
PANTS finisher* wanted by 8. N. WOOD A
CO. Apply at 27 Geary st; union wages.
WOMEN and girts .wanted to work on fruit
and canning; steady work; highest wages,
t Apply California Canneries Co. Brannan
' St., between Third and Fourth.
SEWING MACHINE OPERATORS AND RIV-
ETERS; NO EXPERIENCE NECESSARY:
-PAID SALARY. LEVI STRAUSS A CO.'8
FACTORIES. 32H FREMONT ST. AND 1373
MISSION. . NEAR . FIFTEENTH.
¦ELDERLY German Catholic woman for house-
work; $7 per week. 1071 Market st
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions, has been established at 1096
Valencia st. B_9HBSH_m9MBTorquato Tasso was famous throughout
Italy before . he was 9 r years old as an
accomplished Greek and Latin scholar
and the author of clever and polished
verses; and at 13 he was the intellectual
center Of the brilliant court at Urbino.
Moses and Bertha Fisher to Frederlcka
Bauer, lot on N line of Waller street, 132:6 N
of Scott. -B. 22:6 by N 137:6; |10.
Jamen . and • Bridget Carolan - to James R.
McElroy, lot on N line of Twenty-first street.
200 E of Guerrero, E 25 by N 125; ?10.
John H. and Sarah M. Kruse to Louis and
Lizzie Renner. lot on S line of Twenty-third
street. 25 E of Harrison, E 50 by S 62; $10. -
German Savings and Loan Society to Charles
15. and Madge Scully, lot on E line of Sanchez
street. 114. S of Twenty-second, S 22:6 by E
100; ilO.
Louis Zeh to Mlchele . Cilentano, lot on S
SATURDAY, AUGUST 22.
BEAT* ESTATE TBANSACTI0NS.
Secretary Shaw of the treasury has
distanced all endeavor in beautiful covers
for reports to Congress. His annual
statement was topped by. an ' . exquisite
creation - in -, morocco, with . -, gilt filigree
work, as fine as the bookbinders - of the
Government could supply The daintily
prepared pages,' detailing Treasury trans
actions and policies for ' a twelvemonth,
were tied up in equally beautiful red rlb
b-n, with the loveliest kind of bowknots.
—Washington Letter, i .
M. Deniker, a well known French an
thropologist, has- recently shown that
while the individuals vary In height, the
average or mean height for the same peo
ple remains fairly constant. The lowest
statures -occur among the Monbutto of
Africa, the Negritos of the Philippines
(Asia), the Caribs' of Guiana and'Ven
ezuela (America) and the -Lapps of Scan
dinavia (Europe). The Tenggeras of east
ern Java, the Jews of. Russian Poland,
the Salches of British Columbia, the Mo
zabites of Africa' and the natives of New
Britain • (Oceanica) are. not much taller.
All these peoples are below the mean of
1.60 meters. Above "thft . mean, come the
Aderbaidjanl of Persia and Transcaucasia,
the Kabarda of the Caucasus (Europe),
the negroes of the United States, the Ma
oris of New Zealand and the Ottawa In
dians. All these are ' below 1.70 meters;
Finally, the very tallest people are the
Cheyenne Indians ' of the United States,'
1.745 meters; the Peals of the French Sou
dan, 1.741 meters; the Tsigans of Russian
Turkestan, 1.719 meters; th© Polynesians
of the , Marquesas Islands ' (Oceanica),
1.745 meters,. and; above all, the Scotch
agricultural class of Galloway, 1.792 me
ters. The "finest men," "according to our
authority, are the Gaiwegians, while the
smallest are the Akkaa - of . the Monbutto
country. The real "Brpbdingnagians,"
are j Scots, and the .'.'Lilliputians" ; are Af
ricans.—London* Globe.
The Height of Men.
FLOW OF EIVEBS.
The following tables give a comparative
statement for two years of the estimated flow
of certain California rivers in cubic feet per
second, or second feet, one second foot equal,
ing 50 California miner's inches, cr about 40
Colorado miner's Inches. The figures for the
last year may be revised by . later measure
ments. The figures are by J. B. Llppincott,
hydrographer. United States Geological Survey:
TUOLUMNB RIVER AT LA GRANGE. ¦
s Second Feet.
DATS.
1902. 1903.
August- 9 .•..."155 7
August 10. 115 ... ,.
August 11.. f'S ' .".
August 12.... 115
August 13.... 155 . ..
August 14 "• 155 ...
August 15 , 200
gULE RIVER NEAR'PORTERVILLE~
Second Feet.
DATE. — —
1902. 1903.
August 9 20 18
August 10...... 22 j 18
August. 11. 22 18
Au B U8t 12.. 22 18
August 13 21 IS
August 14. 21 18
August 15... 21 18
SACRAMENTO RIVER AT IRON CANYON.
. Second Feet. ¦ -
DATE. ;
1902. 1903.
August »......'. &6C0 - 6000
August 10 56C0 6000
August ll.....;.-...ii:... 6060 6000
August 12.... 6660 6000
August 13 6660 6000
August 14................ 6660 BOOO
August 15....... ..... L ... 6660 6000
The admiral could stand it no longer
and called the executive officer. Then he
learned that his mail had been given to
the orderly more than an hour before.
So the orderly was summoned once more
and asked 1 what he had done with the
bundle of papers. Immediately he went
to one of the small gunracks and got the
package. When asked what he intended
to do with it he explained: "When I had
time I was going to open them and what
I did not want for my own reading I was
going to give -to 'the other fellows."
And now the admiral -has mentally
framed this maxim: "When you are look
ing for an orderly don't always pick the
best looking man until you have had a
chance to talk with him."
Fifteen minutes- later he placed a large
dish of steamlng~oatmeal before the ad
miral. Saluting, he explained: " 'Tls all
the male I could find on board, sor; and
the cook didn't want to give it to me."
The admiral was so surprised he did not
know what to say. Finally he told the
orderly to take it away.
"Bring my .letters, letters; do you un
derstand?" he repeated.
"Shure, sor, I do," said the orderly,
rubbing his head in a wondering way. In
half an hour he returned with one of the
small "Jacob's ladders" and placed It on
the table before the admiral.
" "Tls the only ladder I could find, sor,"
he said.
Admiral Rodgers lately returned from
China to the command of the Brooklyn
Navy Yard. He always makes it a point
to select his aids and orderlies from
among the officers and men who appear
"well set" and well groomed.
One day on the. China station, while he
was inspecting . his flagship, the cruiser
Brooklyn, his eye fell upon a well-built
young man who wore the ..uniform, of a
marine. He wag well set and his uniform
was the acme of, cleanliness.' At once the
admiral concluded he had found just the
man he wanted to^tictj as hls'brderly, and
before ; the ' day had '"passed the marine
was assigned to that. task.
But it turned out that the admiral had
selected a raw recruit, a true son of Erin.
who knew- nothing of the sea or ships.
Pretty soon the admiral summoned him
and asked:
"Has the mail come on board?"
_. "Mall?" echoed the orderly, looking
thoughtful. "I dunno; I'll see, sor."
Yarns From the China Station Which
Have Beached the United
States.
A NUMBER of residents of this city
met en the fourth Tuesday In July
In the Fraternal Eagles' Hall and
organized a new fraternal benefici
ary association called the Lions of Ameri-
ADMIRAL BODGEBS AND
HIS ITEW MlDEBIiY
Lions of America.
THE receDtlon that was given Au
gust 17 in Native Sons' Hall by the
local subordinates of the Young La
dles' Institute to the grand officers
of and delegates to the Young Men's In
stitute was one of the most delightful
functions ever given In this city under
the auspices of the Ladies' Institute.
More than S00 persons attended and the
major portion of the ladies were most
magnificently gowned. After the recep
tion there was a grand ball, the march
being led by Grand President Kelley of
the Young Men's Institute and Miss May
Stein, grand president of the Ladles' In
stitute, who were followed by more than
200 couples. The effect, as the marchers
followed the leaders in the various move
ments, was a very pleasing one. The af
fair, under the direction of committees
composed of members of the several sub
ordinates, was declared to have been a
most enjoyable one.
Young 'Ladies' Reception.
DEPUTY SUPREME CHIEF G. A.
McGOWAN, assisted by Past Chief
Charles H. Davis, Installed the Jol
lo-wlng named officers of San Fran
cisco Castle of the Knights of the Golden
Eagles last .week to serve for the" current
term: Henry L. Wcdel, P. C; A. B.
Christenson, N. C; Dr. C. O. Southard,
V. C; R. F. Clark, H. P.; George A.
Hopps, S. H.; R. Meiners, C; P. Dewar.
M; of R.; F. W. Ammann, C. of E.; G.
W. fiumm, K. of E.
Golden. Eagles.
JAMES ' AY * G ARFIELD CORPS, W.
R. C, is rapidly growing in numbers
and favor. At the last held meeting
In July a number of candidates were
admitted by Initiation, In the presence of
President Mrs. Johnson of Meade Corps,
Department Aid Mrs.. Ayers and other
visitors. .At the .conclusion of the busi
ness session the members of the corps
received the. membership of James A.
Garfleld' Post in a bo,dy, and after ex
change of mutual courtesies a bountiful
collation, prepared by the ladies, was en
joyed by all. !.-•-»¦; ¦ ¦
Iola B: Marsh (widow) to Charles E. Bat
dorf. lot on S line of Channlng way, 2U0 W ot
Mllvla street. W 50 by S 135. lot 11 block
5, map' of blocks 5 and 6, Barker Tract.'Berke
ley; $10.
Charles E. and Emma M. Batdorf to- Iola
B. Marsh. lot on N -line of College way, 403 (VI
W of Shattuck avenue, W 40 by N 134.31. "lot
25, block 5, amended map of Sea View Park
portion of plat 79. etc., Berkeley; $10.
Guy E. and Cassle E. Dlxon to James L.
Barker, lot on S line of Harmon street, 118
W of Adeline, E 118, S 60, W 95.83. etc., N
53:8 to beginning, block 2, map of property of
A. B. Dlxon at Alcatraz station, Berkeley; $100
California Bank to Andrew Petersan, lot op
SW corner of Hepburn and Lawrence streets
S 150 by E 100, lot 21. Ghlrardelli Tract, near
Frultvale, . Brooklyn Township; $10.
Elizabeth Harper (widow) to James A. John
son, lot on-N line of Eleventh street., 45 13 of
Harrison. E 30 by N 78. block 162, Kellers
bcrger's Map, Oakland; $10.
John P. and Edna ;F. Beckett (wife) to Ger
trude I. Macdonald (wife of John A.), lot on
8 line of Thirty-sixth street, 476 W of Grove
W 50 by S 120:3. block G, property of Central
Land Comnany, Oakland: ?10.
J. P. and Mary W. Eaton (wife) to Helen
E. Mttnro (wife of A. J.). lot on N line, of
Laurel or Twenty-fifth street. U5 W of > Grove
W 35 by N 75, block M, map of W. F. Kelsey
Tract. Oakland; $10.
Wallace. M. Pearsall to Susan T. Pearsall.
lot on SE corner of Felton and Paradise (now
King) streets, E 150 by S 135, lots 1 to 3, block
F. Paradise Park. Berkeley; $10.
F. K. and Rosa M. Shattuck (wife) to Con
•tantine and Maggie Meletlous (wife), re-rdtord
637 D. 290, S line, of Derby street. 205.78 W rt
Adeline, W 40 by S 130, lot 9. block 15, Map
No. 4. Shattuck' Tract, portion of plat 08
Berkeley; $10. •
Norman J. Pryde to Mrs. Marguorlte H.
Pryde (wife), lot on SW line of Clark street.
690:3 NW or B street. NW 50 by 8W 300:9,
lots 12 and 30, map of High-street Tract,
Brooklyn Township; gift.
Emma R. and Jacob House to Elwln F. Aur
tln, lot on N line of Golden Gate avenue ""5
E of Baker. E 25 by N 125, being E V, lot" 5
block S; amended map Butler tract.' Golden
Gate. Oakland: $10. . .
E. A. and Elizabeth D. Heron to P. E.
Bowles, lot on S line of Durant street. 75 W
of Franklin, W 75 by S 100, block 2152, Oak
land; $10.
John and Bridget Geary to William H.
Hardy, lot on E line of Linden street, 213:6 S
of Twenty- fourth, S 7S:tf by E 125 block H,
Map survey Northern Extension of Oakland,
Oakland: $10.
J. S. . and Clara Myers to S. S. Ptlles, lot on
BE corner of Weston avenue, or Thirty-eighth
etr*et. and Telegraph avenue. E 100. S 44.26.
W 103:0a, N 30 :t». block D, Map Broadway and
Telegraph avtnue Homestead. Oakland; $10.
Rufus K. and Sarah A. Tucker to Sara So
rocco, lot on S W corner of Market and
Twenty-sixth streets, S 39 by W 100 block
G37, Boardman's Map, Oakland; $10.
Home Inveatment Company to "Cal\-ln S.
Wlnchell. lot on E line of Manila street. 71.23
S from line dividing Berkeley Park and New
bury tract. S 30 by E 112. lot 8, block 3 map
blocks 3 and 4, Berkeley Park, Oakland; $10.
Irving M. Hull (single) to same, same, also
all Interest acquired by first party under recon
veyance dated August 18, 1003, Oakland* Jl
auce), Oakland; $1. '
Henry J. and Emily Letts (his wffe), to
D. T. and Nettle MacArthur, lot on W line of
West street, 80 S of Apgar, 8 50 by W 116.64.
lot 7 and portion lot 8, block F, Major Given
tract, Oakland; $10. . .
H. D. Brown (single), to The Realty Syndi
cate. 4 acres beginning at a point in center of
Pleasant Valley avenue, distant 718:3 south of
its Intersection with NE boundary In plot 23,
etc.. and thence SW 300. SE 654.51.' NE 212.89,
NW 725.31 to beginning, lot 15 and portion
of lot 14. Pleasant Valley tract, Oakland; $10.
E and Olette Pedersen (Guttormsen) to Olaf
E. Mathlson, lot on E line of Walsworth ave
nue. 27:5 N from common corner lots 5 and
C, E to point on line between lots. 5 and 27.
30 feet E from common corner lots 6, 6. 20 and
27. S along said dividing line 28 feet W to
point on line of Walsworth avenue, 23 S from
point of beginning, N 28 to beginning, portion
of lot 5, block A, Oakland View Homestead,
Oakland; $10.. •
James R. Gates and Mrs. M. L. Wilson,
trustees under deed from Parmella- E. Shcp
ardson to West End Building Association (cor
poration), lot on N line Railroad avenue. 29
rods 14 feet E from dividing line of Aughln
bauRh 223 acre and Chlpman 111 acre West
tract, E 100 by N 150. lots 5 to 8, block A,
Sherardson Tract, Alameda; $10.
Walter B. Cope (single), to Constance A.
Mecks and Blanc T. Heath, lot on E line
Everett street. 198 8 from, Lincoln avenue, S
74.10 by E 110. VI, portion of Foley tract, Ala
meda; $10. .:'-;..-.
Heron- Holcomb Company to . Paul Emory
Otey. lot on SE . corner of Marlposa avenue.
108.45 NE of Santa Rosa avenue, NE 40 by
SE 150. portion lots 4 and 5. block D. Map No.
2 Linda Vista Terrace, Oakland; $10.
Alice M. and Georgo A. Scott to Frederick
Hammerly. lot on S line of Merrimac street,
140 W of Telegraph avenue. W 40 by S 69.66,
lot 43, 'Austin Park, Oakland: $10.' .
Ix T. .niul Nettie MacArthur to Henry J. and
Emily Letts- (his wife), lot on HE corner of
Webster street, or Piedmont avenue. 80 NE
of Oak avenue, NE 30. E _125. SW 36, NW
125, portion lot 7, map subdivision lots 2 to
4 and 42 of Map No. 2, Glen Echo tract, Oak
land; • - ,• — - ¦"'¦. ' ' ~"*
Joseph C.Vischi (owner) with Demartlnl &.
Traverso (contractors), architect J. A. • Porpo
rato — All work except painting and plumbing,
chandeliers and shades, for a -two-story and
basement frame (two flats) on 8 line of Union
street, 105:0 W of Gough. W25, K- 137:6, E
23:11. NE 137:0; $3925. •
Nunzlo Tarantino (owner) ..with . Johnson &
Secor (contractors) architect J. A. Porporato—
Alterations and additions except. painting and
sewering to a frame building on S line of
Green street 137:6 W of Stockton, W 21:6 by
8 130; $1900. " .
J E. Caregglo (owner) with E. Dalgero (con
tractor); architect game— Alterations and addi
tions except brick; plumbing, gas fixtures and
shades to a two-story frame building on N
llna of Union street. 40 E of Jones, E 40 by
N 77:0; $1420. „
William <3. Henahaw and A. W. Pattiam
(owners) with Henry H. Larsen & Bros, (con
tractors), architect ¦ . Brick work and set
ting of terra cotta. etc.. for Pavla ofnee build
ing, on S line of Sutler street. 137:6 W of
Mason, W 50 by S 12":«: $14,000.
Wolf Flelsher (owner) with R. Zelinsky (con.
tractor) architect Charles J. Rousseau—Paint
ing etc. for a four-story and basement build
ing'on W line of Laguna. street. 87:6 N of
Geary N 50 by W 187:0, Western Addition
block '231: $1755.
Merchants' Ice and Cold Storage Company
(owners) with J. W. Mitchell (contractor), ar
chitect Herbert B. Magga— All work except
mason work for alterations and additions to
a two-story warehouse on W line of Sansome
street. 42:2 S of Lombard. S 43:3 by W 118;
$1970. - , ¦ ¦
. . . Alameda County.
SATURDAY, AUGUST 22.
Mary E and Rebecca O. Quintan (owners)
with Bernard Dreyer (contractor),, architect
. Alterations and additions to a two
story and basement frame- building, on *N\V
corner of Green and Octavia streets,! 25 • on
Green by 100; $4S18. /. . .
Western Fuel Company (owners) with James
A.' McMahon (contractor), superintendent J.
W "Kinsman— Erection Of coal bunker on Mls
eldn-street wharf No. 2; $15,000.
Builders' Contracts.
line of Unlqn street, 235,E ; Qf ..Dupont,, E .20
by ff- 60; $2000.. ' * ."
. Josephine and George R. Crofut to Jose Costa,
lot on S line of -Ellis street, 33:6 W of Glas
gow. W 36:6 by S 80:6: #10. ... .
Edward M, and Louisa Slehn to Edward
and Theodore Lunstedt, lot on Sw line of Sixth
street 150 NW of Folsom. NW. 25 by .SW 155;
flO. ¦ • . - '.,
A. H. and Harriet. M. Vail to Thomas and
Bertha Geddes, lot on E line of Twenty-tljlrd
avenue, 150 S of Lake street, S- 25 by E
120; $10..-
Joseph Susanna L.'E., George F. and" Mary
E Wlnterburn to Frank R. Grannls lot- on
W* line- of ¦ Twenty-fifth avenue. 25 N of A
street. N 50, W 100:8, S 50. E5 101 :0ft;- $10.
-Fernando and Julia A. Nelson to John G.
and Mary Anderson, lot on W line of -First
avenue, 300 N of C street, N 25 by W 120; S10.
Continental Building and Loan Association
to Rebecca Thompson, lots, 116 and, 117,- less
N 6 feet lot 117, gift map 3; $10.
Cassle A and S. M. Snyder to Bruno Rein
hold, lot 43, Ben Franklin Homestead, quit
claim deed: flO, . " , -,
State of California by. E. J. Smith, Tax,Col
lector, property assessed to John Walsh and
Philip C. Pennell, to B. Relnhold and Cassle
A. Snyder, lot 14, block 2, Falrmount Tract;
' Cassle A. andiS. M. Snyder to Bruno Beln
hold, same; $10. . . . ,
During the last thirty days, Grand Or
ganizer H. C. Lewis has instituted West
ern Addition and Enterprise lodges in
this city, and one each in Alameda, Fruit
vale, Walnut Creek afld Redwood City.
He states that at no time since the or
ganization of the order has it been so
prosperous as at this time.
Enterprise Lodge was organized in this
city August 17, with a good charter list.
This makes the sixth lodge in San Fran
cisco and the seventh In process of organ
ization.
Progress Lodge, at its meeting on Aug
ust 14, initiated eight strangers. This
lodge will give a social August 26, in its
hall in the Red lien's building.
The officers of Western Addition Lodge
were installed in public August 20 by the
team of San Francisco Lodge, assisted
by the officers of Columbia Lodge. The
work was moat creditable.
Columbia Lodge is doing well, receiving
applications and initiating candidates at
every" meeting, .
A number of the grand officers paid a
visit to the lodge in Oakland during the
early part of the week and were present
during the work of initiation. The vis
itors had much to say for the good of the
order.
a meeting last week -in the office of
Grand Secretary Quitzow and arranged
the details for the large c>ass initiation
that is soon to be held in. this city. The
work of conferring the degrees will be by
the. grand officers and it Is expected that
if will be presented with an impressiveness
that has never before been known in this
order in this city. It was reported that
already quite a number of candidates had
been secured. for that event.
A CONVENTION of three, members
from each of the local lodges of the
Knights and Ladies of Honor held
Knights and Ladies.
In addition to the beneficiary feature
there are' to be added social features, and
the ritual, which is now, spicy and up-to
date, providing Innocent mirth, fun and
frolic for the lions. .
ca. San Francisco Den No. 1 was institut
ed and the -following named chosen aa the
first officers* Judge G. H. Cabanlss, pre
siding lion; E. Gaus, past presiding lion;
Henry Duhmon, vice presiding lion; W.
Kugler, scribing lion; T. m: Ferguson,
financial lion; H. C. Arnold, ceremonial
lion; T. Lunstedt. guiding lion; C. O.
Bradley and. C. B. Bleakmore. - sentinel
lions; Dr. A. D. McLean and Dr. William
P. Reed, medical lions.
TOLD IN ANTE-ROOMS
THE SAN FBANCISCO CALL, STJNDfcY. AUGUST 23, 1903.
43
EMPLOYMENT WANTED MALE.
YOUNG man 23 years old and of good habits,
with office experience, seeks position; good
references. Box 10U0. Call. .
GOOD shoemaker and »o!o cornetlst desires po-
sition In a mining town; write particular*.
Address box 1074. -Call.
GROCERY and bar clerk with city experience
wishes position. Address H.. 914A Larkln tt.
MAN and wife would like situation In city or
country; woman to do cooking and house-
work and man outside work. J. FLEISCHER,
1417 Powell st. • . ,
ENGINEER, eteady and sober, willing to do
his own firing, wishes situation; able to make
both steam and electrical repairs; nrst-class
references. Box 10C6. Call office, •
POSITION wanted by honest and sober Oer-.
man about gentleman's residence. Box 1002,
Call offlce.
AN honest and strictly temperate man of 40,
with over 20 years' experience with men and
machinery, withes position as superintendent
or foreman. L. A. COLLIER, lock box 230.
Truckee. Nevada County. Cal.
SOBER, eteady married man (no children), po-
sition as care-taker on country place, -or as
watchman; good references. P. O. box 48.
San Rafael. Cal. ..
PRACTICAL engineer wants charge of sta-
tionary engine or machinery; city or coun-
try; married. Box 3387. Call.
JAPANESE cook wants a position In family
or small boarding-hous*. M. M. FRANK.
S06H Stockton Bt.; tel. John 2121.
STOCKS AND BONDS FOR SALE.
$1200 A YEAR INCOME INSURED
If you buy 5 shares la our 60U0-acre rubber
plantation In Mexico; small monthly pay-
ments; finest location: bent transportation fa-
cilities; cultivation ot rubber exclusively; no
hazardous side lines. Apply to-day for pros-
pectus to the Conservative Rubber Production
Co.. 820 Parrott bldg.. fean Francisco. Cal.
¦ STOnAGE AAD WAHEHOPSES.
A — EMPORIUM Storage A Van Co.; tumltur*.
household. goods stored, moved, shipped.' 729^
731 Howard eC. near Third; phone Grant 16L
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage & Moving Co., of-
Coe Post and Powell sts.; tel. Priv. Ex. 87L
CON KLIN'S storage — Furniture and merchan-
dise. 333 Golden Gate ave.; phono East 128.
GOLDEN West Storage; advances made- 840
Mission st.; t»L Howard 041. F. W. Zehfuss,
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
pany. 2320 FUlmore st.; phone Jackson. 281.
BEK.INS Van and Storage Co.. 11 Montgomery
tt.; tel. Main I84O. Shipping at cot rates.
TYPEWRITERS __ A^ rp SUPPLIES.
GREAT BARGAINS IN TYPEWRITERS— W«
cell better machines for leas money th«n >ny
fccuse In the city; rentals $3. The Typewrite-
Exchange. 536 Callfornla;telephone Main 2«J.
A FEW good typewriters at $30 each; get par-
ticulars. L. & M. ALEXANDER. 110 Mont-
gomery st.
CD-HAND typewriters sold, rented repaired.
Webster Typewriter In* peg. Co.. 209 Sansome.
SPECIAL. XOTICES.
PILES— PETER FREILING'S pile salve. $1
per box; warranted to cure all cases of bleed-
lag, itching, external. Internal or protruding
piles without fall, no matter of how long
standing. 1C28 Devisadero St.. near Sutter.
Ladies! Colchester's English Pennyroyal Pills
are best; safe, reliable; take no other. Send 4o
stamps for particulars. "Relief for Ladles."
In letter by return mail. Ask your druggist.
Chich»!»ter Chemical Co,. Philadelphia. Pa.
CATARRH. DEAFNESS Tend NOISES "in EARS
positively cured; new method; 1 week's treat-
ment free. Dr. Cottlngham. 204 Sutter st;
STUTTERING AKD STAMMERH O.
MELBOURNE System School. Van Nesa and
Market; positive cure fcr all. Don't delay.
i "* —^ — — — —^^
MASBIAGE LICENSES.
The fallowing marriage llocnaea were Issued
yesterday :
Frederick F. Baker. 2S. city, and Katie J.
! Carroll. 27. Sacramento.
Louis A. Coppola. 23. 471 McAllister street,
and Gussle M. Severance, 20. 471 McAllister.
Thumas J. Marlow. .2S. 461 Tehama street,
and Anxle Lehman. 24. 1437 Pine street.
Emll Blumemhal, 23, city, and Nettle
1 Bluhm.. 24. -City. . - .- .
Frank g. Morrison. 21. 041- Golden Gate ave-
nue, and Sadie M. McCoy, 22, Haywards.
Louis Garflnkle. 22. 172 Clara street, and
Millie Davis. 21. 15 Morris avenue.
Louis de Vlnelnri, 24, 449 Union street, and
Gllda Macchlavelll, 10, 420 Filbert street.
David J. Archer. 22. 623 Howard street, and
Edith A, Klngsley. 20. 406 Beal« street.
Robert J. Ryan, 21. 1211 Howard street, and
Tillie It. Johnson. l:». 1211 Howard street.
Giovanni Cravea, 82, Tres Plnos. and Glu-
sepptna Secco. 20. Tres Plnos.
John H. Fischer. 46. city, and Lucy Farares,
24, Minneapolis, Minn.
John J. Murphy. 35. 14 Commercial street,
and Annie McDonougb. 28, 14 Commercial ft.
Armand Mlchelottl. 23. 418 Broadway, and
Jennie Ciuccl. 17. 1104 Montgomery avenue.
Leopold Alexander. 48, Los Angeles, and
Matllde Straus. 36. city.
Neuton Elder, 33, 1- Lundy Lane, and Adella
Felix. 27. 1 Lundy Lane. • .
Henry Aceves. 21. 324 Clementina street, and
JoEle D. Rahlves. 20. S24 EHiabeth street.
BIBTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS.
Birth, marrlace and death notices sent by
mail will not be Inserted. They must be handed
In at either of the publication offices and be
Indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
BOBN.
ABRAHAMSON — In this city. August 21, 1003.
to the wife of John Abrahamson, a daugh-
ter.
BOLLER — In this city. August 11. 1903, to the
wife of William H. Boiler, a daughter.
BREITZMAN— In this city. August 15, 1903,
to the wife of Robert J. Breltxman. a son.
EGGERT — In this city, August 22, 1903, to
the wife of A. Eggert, a daughter.
GREENLAW— In this city, August 21. 1903,
to the wife of Thoma» J. Greenlaw, a son.
HANEELL — In this city. August 11. 1903. to
the wife of Lewis F. Hansell. & eon.
HAYES— In this city, August 19, 1903, to the
.wife of John Hayes, a son.
HINTZ— In this city, to the wife of Adolph
A; Hlntx. a daughter.
HYDE — In Ocean View, August 22, 1903, to the
wife of C. L>. Hyde, a son.
JORGENSEN — In this city, to the wife of
John Jorgensen, a daughter.
LUNDY— In this city. August 20, 1903, to the
wife of T. Lundy, a son.
McCORMICK— In this city, to the wife of
Frank E. McConnlck, a eon.
NELSON— In this city, August 20. 1903, to
• the wife of N. Nelson, a daughter.
ELON'E — In Colma. August 19. 1903, to the
wife of William B. Slone, a son.
STACKPOLE — In this city. July 21, 1903, to
the wife of Edw. C. Stackpole, a son.
WAHLIN— In- thta city, August 22. 1903, to
the wife of F. Wahlln, a daughter.
ma"R"R.tt;t>.
' GIBSON — BODE — In this city, August 12, 1903,
by th« Rev. Father Flemmlng, Samuel James
Gibson and Katharine Agnes Bode.
NORRIS— KISH — In this city, August 18, 1903,
by the Rev. J. Lagan, assisted by the Rev.
P. E. Mulligan, David It. Norris and Al-
bertlna Klsh. ¦
____ __
Barry, Edward Lunny. Annie
i Cagney. Mamie Marryatt, Henry A.
Davlnl. Elvla G. Miller, Myra
Donovan. Jeremiah O'Donnell, James
Doyle. Catherine A. Porter, Ann C.
Kgan. Daniel V. Qulnn. Peter J.
Emerson. Ida Rl:kerts. Josena M.
Foster, Mrs. Mary Schonfeld, Louis
Geary. Edward D. Taylor. Sarah C.
Gosliner, Elmon Webster, Frederic R.
1 Gregori. Rudolph . Webster. Lemuel
GupyL Mary Woods. Mrs. Bridget
Jones. Annie
BARRY— In this city.' August 22. 1903* Ed-
ward Barry, a native of County Cork, Ire-
land, aged 74 years. ;~; .-.,-
CAGNEY— In this city. August 22, 1903. at
the residence of her aunt, 245 Shipley street.
Marote. beloved daughter of the late Timothy
J. and Kate Cacney, and sister of the late
Martin Cagney, a native of San Francisco.
DAVINI— In this city. Auguet 22, 1903, Elvla
O.. dearly beloved daughter of Hugo J. and
Georgia Davlnl, and bitter of David Davlnl,
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO.
(Successors to Flannagan & Gallagher.)
DANIEL P. DONOVAN. Mgr.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS.
20 Fifth st.. opposite Lincoln School.
Telephone South 80.
UNITED UNDERTAKERS.
Funeral Directors and Embalmers
Formerly In Metropolitan Temple.
Now at 660 MISSION. Tel. South 167.
Between Fourth and Fifth. Near Fifth st.
Finest Equipments at Moderate Rates.
F J. Monahan. President.
MONAHAN & CO.,
One.) •
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS.
2339-2341 Mission st Telephone Mission 3L
CHJRO PO D tSTS.
DUNLAP FOOT INSTITUTE. 60 Geary— All
nllmpnt* of the feet curod; corns, bunlons.etc
COTTAGES TO LET.
Fl'HNlSHED cottage to rent; 4 rooms; on the
¦"" beautiful Russian Itlver; Montrio Park. So-
noma Co.; accessible to road and railroad;
grand view. Wllford & Harrison. 3 Taylor.
COTTAGE* 6 rooms and bath: rent 510; no
oftii'Jren. 1S6 Nevada ave.. cor. Cortland.
UCmBABD, 9U5— Corner house; 7 rooms, bath,
frarjrn: $35; block from Hyde-Bt. cars.
5 KCMJMS. bath, laundry, stable, garden; In
Mission warm belt. Box 1094. Call office.
B-BOOM cottsffe, bath and stable; rent $15.
Apply 350 Hreclta av*. .
¦ j ____,, l __,^
DR. LUDLUM HlLU'l443~ Market, nr.Eleventh
— No charge for extracting when plates are
made: old plates made over like new; teem
frcm $8 per set; extracting. f-Oc: gas given.
A NEW pUie — The Whalebone — cannot break;
warranted 20 vrs.: crown. *3 SO; filling*. &0c:
plates. t5:full set: all work palnlesi "i 1 }* WI K"
ranted. Chicago Dental Parlors. 24 Sixth st.
GOLD fillings. 75c- ellrer. SSc; crowns. $2; n«
pain; open Sunday. Pr.O.B.HewlU.204 Sutter.
PAH1S Dental Parlors. 235 Keamr. cor._ »«»?—
6«>t teeth. Jl R0 up: crowns. $2 up; fcimc».-jc-
10 Pr.R CENT eff this month: estimates tree.
»^ York nor.tlytn, !>«3 Miralon wt.^cor^ttn.
D»**f«"KBBI * SEAMSTIUi"^
school.
Largest and best school on the coast.
Leading system cf (Jresscuttlng.
Leading pattern rooms. w__~ ew«s
luI9 Market St.. above Sixth.
aixurcr ajtd cleaning.
EDUCATIONAL.
A^CALDWELL Collegs of* Oratory. Acting!
Ope™ a*4 Authorship; largest In the West;
14 teachers; positions guaranteed; fall term
iMMr'ns Sept. 7; t*-y & evening class; beautiful
£S^tah£ue freV 1^5 Market, cor. Ninth.
57 H WEBSTER, ex-Supertntecdest City
School: Metropolitan Business College . day
and evening: 403 Vaa Ness ave.; assists to
position; free use of typewriting taacfclncs at
homea; reduced ratea. ,
UEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE. 24 Post, S.
F —Bookkeeping, shorthand, touch typing,
languages, telegraphy. English branches;
day and night sessions; tllus. catalogue fre*.
BAN FHAKCISCO Business College. 123S Slax-
ket; QGdern. progressive, practical; " st »- b -
llshed :5 years. Gregg Ehorthar.4. M*
easiest, most readable. Actual business
bookkeeping : typewriter at hctr.e free.
AYRES. the leading business college. T23 Mar-
ket et. • special summer course in all depart-
ments : fcandisoine catalogue free: lire scholar-
ehlr. *5o: day and evening sessions.
CALIFORNIA Business College, 305 Larkln st.
"A thorough school"; positioM secured for
graduates; modern methods; tnfllviauaJ in-
struction. Write for illustrated catalogue.
PRIVATE teacher fcr little childrer.: univer-
sity preparation in chiid Ftuiy. nature etuer
and psychology: crafluate c£ a Normal sccool.
Address box 1005. Call.
UEALD'S School of Mines &. E>ctric:ty.C4 Post
et., S. F. ; a practical school of engineering;
complete equipment. Special catalogue free.
THE Berlitz School of Language" c&s removed
to 1000 Van Ncts ave.; rates reduced during
cummer. Bend for catalogue.
ENGINEERING — Civil, elec., rain., raech., sur-
vey, assay, cyanide ; day. eve. ; est. 1&64 Vaa
der Nalllen School. 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
SYSTEM, discipline and results; the Golden i
Gate Commercial College. Vaa Ness and
Golden Gate aves..S.F. : fills every reauiretnnt
DANCING Tuesday. Thursday. Saturday and
Funday evenirgs at Teutcnla Kali. Howard
St., near Ninth; management Prof. Foster.
PIA"NO and Genran; pupil of Leipslc Conser-
vatory; lessons 75c and $1. 846 Golden Gate.
AT Kfngsland Art Shcp — Drawing, painting
and tournt work. ;>» Hsirht St., near Lyon.
SCHOOL OF ILLUSTRATION Day ana I
PARTINGTON'S. <24 Pise st Night class j
LESSONS riven In Water Color or Oil Paint-
ing from Nature. CURRIER. 372 Putter rt.
ARITHMETIC, bockkeertag. frnrjr.ar. writing,
etc.: day or eve.; $5 rr.o. 1024 Mlssion.cr. 6th.
Chicago Business College. 1455 Market, nr. ICth.
Pttuuu fh'^thand. trv'.rg. bookkpg.. SS rao.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES^
GEORGE AOKI. 421 Port St.; tel. Bush 135—
Japar.ese-Chir.ese employment offlce; fur-
r.igheg bert help; contracts for farm help, etc.
A— ORPHEUM Eir.plcrs!fnt Offlce— Japanes*-
Chlaese help. 426 Powell. Tel. Main 575Z j
A — GRAND Japanese-Ch!ne«» Enp Office. 413
Stockton: tel. Grant 16S; ejrpert. reliable help.
CHINESE Employment Office— 3est help at
Leon Seur.g'8. 411 OTarrell; UL East 426.
RELIABLE Japsxese-Chlnese Employment Of-
fice; all kinds ht'.p. 318 Stockton; Main 51&S.
'CHINESE and Japanese help; ertab 20 years
Tel, Main l. r >fl? HP.API.EY A CO.." 640 Clay.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED FEMALE.
EXPERIENCED bookkeeper and ttenographer.
c&pable of taking er,t;re charge ot books and
correspondence of small firm, desires per-
rr_a.nent position; excelled references. Box
10G3. Call offlce.
NEAT, reliable Fwedlfh woman wishes house-
work for elderly couple; no children; or
working housekeeper: city ct country; state
. particular*. Box 109*-. CaU office.
HOTEL housekeeper of exj>erience and ability
£es!r*s poeition in larce Cm-class hotel as
housekeeper: fan give the best of references.
Box 1004. Call
SALARIED solicitor* wanted; city and coun-
try; eaey work amor.* your friends; large
Bof 1OT7, Van' £scV hat " ~"-""=~»"°*-
DRESSMAKER ar,,l sultmaker; fine cutter and
fitter; only Cm-cUsg work done; In private
,?Z\*.V , ty day cr we€k - M *ES BARSS.
1024 Mission et.
AN experienced naree wishes engagements,
eurpical or confinements : careful prudent.
e<~onoTiie«tJ; reference; reasonable. MRS.
SICRRITT. 12T Seventh et.
REFINED North German nurse would like sit-
uation carlrg for 2 children between 2H end
« years; do plain tewing; city or country;
reference? ; fare paid. Box 1068/ Call. "
THOROUGHLY competent young lady etenog-
rar-her wishes poeition; $40 per month; rapid
ar.d accurate. Uox 2402. Call offlea.
COMPETENT dressmaker wants a few more
enrarement* by the day, $2. MISS PARKER,
4*2 Kddy street; phone East 272.
A liEFINED well educated young woman
wishes position of trust or responsibility; no
traveling. Box 2404. Call office.
A RESPECTABLE young woman wlshe* to
work «t house-cleaning In private families.
Phone Polk 344fl.
WANTED — Sewing by good dressmaker; will
j.-o out by day or take work borne; reasonable.
Box 10C7. Call. '
LADY would like position to wash; email tum~
t\y; no children. Box 1087. Call office.
POSITION by competent stenographer, thor-
oughly experienced In legal work. Address
box 1075. Call. '
A RESPECTABLE old lady wishes a situation
to do lijrr.t housework; fond of children; city.
43A Rltch st.. near Third.
A ItELIABLE. neat woman wants work bjr the
day end cleaning. Box 1099. Call offlce.
\ STRICTLY first-class dressmaker wishes
work by the day. Box 1072. Call.
RELIABLE woman wishes position, mm work-
ing housekeeper for an elderly couple. Call
§at 21 Sherwood place, off Third St., down-
•¦ lairs.
YOCNO woman will care for convalescent or
Invalid during day or by week; wares
moderate. Box 1057. Call offlce.
WOMAN would like situation as working
housekeeper or to take care of Invalid; good
reference. Call 221 6*» FlUmore bU
MIDDLE-AGED lady would like a situation
as chambermaid and plain sewing; or taking
care of old lady; reference*. Address Box
Hit. Call office. Oakland.
WANT ads and eubscrlntions taken for Tb«
Call at Eaton's Bazaar. 633 McAllister «t-
EMPLOYMENT WASTED MALE.
KNGINEER and electrician with 7 years' prac-
tical experience In charge of power and light-
ing plants; character and capacity equal to
tny miulremenU. Address with particulars,
>x)x E12. Call offlce, Oakland.
wishes position: thoroughly un-
C'-ntanda care or horses, hames and wagon;
¦ober and willing; cood reference*. Box 1032.
Call otflce. •¦ ¦ - ,
Wanted — By a young man. the care of an
tlderly gentleman; very best of references.
also fcble to" care for corrcfpoaoe'" 1 * Vox
J0U1. Call effle*
a native of. San Francisco,^ aged 4, months
and 27 days.
DONOVAN— In this city. August 1 21, 1903,
Jeremiah, beloved husband of Bridget Dono-
van, and father of Joseph i J. Donovan, a
native of Klnsale. County Cork. Ireland,
aged 68 years. A member of the Gentlemen's
Sodality of St. Ignatius Church, and alsi
the Ship Calkers' Association. (St. John, N.
B., papers please copy.)
CTFnends and acquaintances are respect-
• fully Invited to attend the funeral to-dai»
- (Sunday), at 12:30 o'clock, from his 'late
residence, 220 Noe street, thence to Mission
Dolores Church for services. Interment Holy
, Cross Cemetery. A recjulem high mass will
, be celebrated for the repose of his - soul on
Monday, August 24, at 9 o'clock, at Mission
Dolores Church. Friends are Invited to at-
I ' tend. . - -
DOYLE — In this city, August 21. 1903/ Cath-
erine A., beloved wife of Stephen R. Doyle,
beloved mother of Alex, Harry, Geaevieve,
Dora, Kathleen and Juanlta Doyle, daughter
of Mrs. C. and the late Michael Moran. and
sister of Mrs. J. E. Whitney. Edward and
Joseph Moran and the late Mrs. G. Reslng,
" a native of New York. ¦
i [CTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
1 fully invited to attend the funeral Monday,
August 24, at 0 o'clock, from her late resi-
• dence, 1216 Treat avenue, thence • to ¦ St.
Peter's Church, where a requiem high mass
will be celebrated for the repose of her soul,
commencing at 9:30 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
EGAN— In this city, August 21, ]903. at his
residence, 347 Thirtieth street, Daniel V., be-
loved husband of Minnie Egan. father of
Adaline Egan. beloved son of Bridget and
the late John Egan, and beloved brother of
William J.. David C-, John 8. and Thomas
F. Egan and Mrs. Augustus O'Farrell, a na-
tive of San Francisco.- aged :a years 5
months and 27 days.
' IC7"Internient private. Holy Cross Ceme-
tery. Please omit flowers.
EMERSON — In this city, August 20,' 1903. Ida,
beloved wife of Fred Emerson, and daughter
of E. A. O'Malley of Ottawa, Ontario Cana-
da, a native of Canada, aged 23 years 3
months and 10 days. A member of the
Walters' Alliance No. 30.
ETFrlends ajid acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral Sunday.
. at 3 o'clock, from. the funeral parlors of Por-
ter & White, 423 Golden Gate avenue. In-
terment Laurel Hill Cemetery,
FOSTER — In Bollnas, August 21. 1903, Mrs.
Mary Foster, beloved wife of Frank Foster,
and mother of Rose, Fannie, Birdie. Frank,
James and Fred Foster. Mrs. E. H. ! Peters
and Mrs. T. C. Brown, a native of Scotland,
aged :,i years and 7 days. >
(E7Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral Monday,
August 24, 1003, at 9 o'clock, from the fam-
ily residence. Las Gallinas, thence, to St.
Raphael's Church. San Rafael, where a sol-
emn requiem mass will be celebrated for the
repose of her soul. Interment Mount Olivet
Cemetery.
GEARY— In this city, August 22. 1903, Ed-
ward D., dearly beloved son of Edward F.
and Catherine J. Geary. a»d beloved brother
of Joseph. William and Mamie Geary, a
native of San Francisco, aged. 15 years and
12 days.
GOSLINER— In this city, August 22, 1903,
'Simon, beloved husband of Keka Goellner,
and father of Harry. Edward and Louts Gos.
liner and Mm. Moe Abrams, a native of
Germany, aged (3) years 8 months and 3
days.
E7Triends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral Monday.
at 9:30 o'clock, from his late residence, 1265
Eddy street. Interment Salem Cemetery, via
11 o'clock train from Third and To-wnsend
streets depot.
GREGORI — In this city, August 20, 1903, Ru-
dolph, dearly beloved son of Augustlna and
Narclso GreKori, brother t>f Albert, Hlnaldo
and Edith Gregorl, nephew of Augustlna and
John Grandolfo. and grandson of Angela and
Glacomo Gazzola, a native of San Francisco,
aged 8 years 5 months and 26 days. (Louis-
ville, Ky., papers please copy.)
CTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Sunday,
August 23, 1903, at 1 o'clock, from the resi-
dence of his parents, 2101 Larkln street, cor-
ner Vallejo. Interment Italian Cemetery.
GUPTILL— In this city. August 19, 1903, Mary
Guptlll, aged 53 years.
£7Remains at Charles J. B. Metzler's un-
dertaking parlors. 036 Washington street.-
JONES — In this city. August 21. 1003. Annie
beloved wife of Thomas Wilson Jones, and
slater of John Keefe, a native of San Fran-
cisco, aged 42 years.
ICTNotlce of funeral hereafter. Remains
at the parlors of J. C. O'Connor &Co., 767
Mission street, between Third and Fourth.
LUNNY — A requiem high mass (anniversary)
will be celebrated for the repcs«j of the bouI
of the late Annie Lunny on Tuesday. . Au-
gust £5, at 9 o'clock. In St. Peter's Church,
Alabama street, between Twenty-fourth and
Twenty-fifth. Friends and acquaintances are
respectfully Invited.
MARRYATT— In" this city, August 19, 1303,
Henry A. Marryatt, devoted husband of
.Sarah A. Marryatt, and loving father or
Malvlnia, Henry A. and Noble Marryatt, a
native of Kingston, Jamaica, aged 45 years
C months and 2 days. ».
C7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
to-day (Sunday), at 1 o'clock, at his late
residence, 23 Stone street, off Jackson, be-
tween Stockton and Powell. Interment Lau-
rel Hill Cemetery. - . •
MILLER— In this city. August 21. 1903. Myra
Miller, mother of Lillian, Maud. Elner. Pearl
end Ward Miller, a native of Mississippi.
aged 49 years 6 months and 7 days.
IC7"The funeral will take place to-day
(Sunday), at 10:30 o'clock, from the parlors
of J. C. O'Connor & Co., 767 Mission street.
Interment I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
BOHEMIAN Circle No. 200. C. of F.-A)fflcers
and Members: You are requested to attend
the funeral of Companion Myra Miller Sun-
day, at 10 o'clock, from the parlors of J. C.
O'Connor & Co., 767 Mission street.
JULIA GRAU, Chief Companion.
LENA SCHOLTEN, Fin. Sec.
O'DONNELL— In this city, August 22, 1903,
James O'Donnell. a native of Ireland, aged
79 years.
PORTER— In Ocean View, August 22, 1903.
Ann Craig Porter, wife of the late David
Porter, and mother of Mrs. George Altchi-
Bon, David K. l»orter. Mrs. David Donald
and the late Agnes Porter, a native of For-
fer, Scotland, aged €8 years.
QUINN— In this city. August 21, 1903, Peter J.,
beloved husband of Annie Qulnn, father of
Peter J. Jr., John J. and Thomas A. Quinn,
Mrs. Thomas Gosiand and the late Mrs.
Rosanna Hhultz and Arthur Qulnn, and
brother of Mrs. Annie Quirk and the late
James Qulnn, a native of County Tlpperary,
Ireland, aged C4 years.
(C7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 9 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 165 Tehama street, thence to St. Pat-
rick's Church, where a solemn requiem high
mass will be celebrated for the repose of his
bouI, commencing at 9:30 o'clock. Inter-
ment Holy Cross Cemetery.
HICKERTS — In this city, August 22, 1003,
Josena Maria, beloved daughter of Martin
and Inez Rtckerts, and sister of Elsie Ro-
vllla Rlckerts, a natlVe of San Francisco,
aged 3 months and 9 days.
SCHONFELD— In this city. August 19, 1903,
at his residence, 640 Gough street, corner
Fulton, Louis, dearly beloved husband of
Catherine Schonfeld. father of Louis Jr.,
George and Hedwlg Schonfeld, brother of
Mrs. Aug. Trost of Germany and David and
the late August Schonfeld. son-in-law of
Mrs. Marfsarethe Hess. and brother-in-law
of Mrs. John Jebe and Mrs. Ellfe Meldner of
Seattle, a native of Frankenberg,: Hessen,
Germany, aged 44 years 5 months and 26
days. A member of San Francisco Turn
Verein and San Francisco Turner Schuetzen.
(Frankenberg and New York - papers please
copy.)
C7Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Sunday,
August 23, from San Francisco Turn, Verein
Hall. 323 Turk street, near Hyde, where
funeral cervices will be held, commencing at
2 o'clock. Interment I. O. O. . F. Cemetery.
Please omit flowers.
TAYLOR— In this city. August 21. 1903, at
her residence. 2S22 Pine atreet. Sarah C.
Taylor, wife of the late F. F. Taylor, and
mother of Mrs. Hamcton S. Field and Ed-
ward J. and William F. Taylor. (Sacra-
mento, Cal.. papers please copy.)
E^Interraent private in Sacramento, Cal.,
Sunday, August 23, at 12 o'clock noon.
WEBSTER— In this city, August 22, 1903,
•Frederic Rand Webster, a native of Ver-
mont, in his Kid year. -
(QTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
Monday, August 24, 1903, at 2 o'clock, at his
late residence. 710 Pine street.
WEBSTER— In this city. August 19, 1903,
Lemuel, beloved father of Cecil Webster,
and brother of Mrs. J. R. Troxel and Peter
and William Webster, a native of Prince
Edward Island, aged 57 years. (Prince Ed-
ward Island papers please copy.)
C7Friends and acquaintances and mem-
bers of Ship Calkers' Association are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
to-day (Sunday), at 2 o'clock, at the par-
lors of Craig, Cochran & Co., 429 Golden
Gate avenue, between Polk and Larkln
streets. Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
WOODS— In this city. August 21. 1903, Mrs.
Bridget Woods, mother of Mrs. D. Jordon
and Mrs. R. W. McCann. a native of Kill-
rush, County Clare. Ireland, aged 100 years.
ItyThe funeral will take . place Monday,
August 24, at 8:30 o'clock. ¦ from the resi-
dence of her "daughter. Mrs. R. %V. McCann.
406 , Tenth street, thence to. St. Joseph's
Church, where a requiem high mua will be
~ celebrated for the repose of her soul at »
'o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
EALLWAY TRAVEL.
California
I fgnitAn
to CHICAGO
Vf [m An Ideal Train
[^M^Bj For Those Who
ll^j-SIL^l ,. \l , :.; ¦¦..;¦
SANTA FE TEAINS.'
Leave Market-«treet Ferry Depot.- ' •
Local JUm'd Local OVrl'd
Dally ' Dally Daily" Dally
Lv. San Fran.... 7:30a 0:30a 4:00p 8:00p
Ar. Stockton..... 10:40a 10:01 p 7:10 p 11:15 p
"Merced. 1;C5 p 1:55 p 1:28*
"Fresno.. 2:40 p 3:2Op.. 8:l»a
"Hanford 4:58 p 4:07 p 7:50a
"Vlsalla 4:55 p 4:4S p 5:00 a
" Bakersfleld .. 7:15p 8:00 p 7:35a
" Kansas City 2:35a 7:00a
"Chicago 2:l5p 8:47p
a for morning; p for afternoon.
7:30 a. m. Dally Is Bakersfleld Local, stop-
ping at all points in San Joaquln Valley. Cor-
responding train arrives at 8:55 a. m. dally.
!t:30 a. m. Monday and Thursday is th«
CALIFORNIA LIMITED, carrying- Pal-
ace Sleeping <Jar» and Dining Cars
through to Chicago. Chair car runs to Bakers-
field for accommodation of local first-class pas-
sengers. No second-class tickets are honored
on this train. Corresponding train arrives at
11:10 p. m. Tuesday and Friday.
9:30 a. m. Dally. Valley Limited. Composite
Car and Reclinlnr CHalr Car between Bakers-
fleld and San Francisco. Corresponding train
arrive* at 11:10 p. m. daily.
4:00 p. m. Is Stockton Local. Corresponding
train arrives at 11:10 a. m. daily. « •
8:00 p. m. Dally Is the Overland Express
with through Palace and Tourist Sleepers and
Free Reclining Chair Cars to Chicago; also
Palace Sleeper, which cuts out at Fresno. Cor-
responding train arrives at 6:25 p. m. dally.
Personally conducted parties for Kansas City
Chicago and East leave San Francisco every
Monday. Thursday and Saturday at 8-p. m.
Offices — C41 Market street and In Ferry De-
pot. Ean Franclaco; 1112 Broadway. • Oakland.
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN HI. CO.
SAN FRANCISCU AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPACT.
Tiburon Perry, Toot of Market St.
SAN FRANCISCO TO SAKT BATAEI..
WEEK DATS— T:30. 8:00. 0:00, 11:00 a. m-
12:35. 2:30. 3:40. 5:10. 6:50. 6:30 and 11:30
p. m. •
Saturdays — Extra trip at 1:30 n. m. ---**
SUNDAYS— 7:30. 8:00. 9:30. 11:00 a. m.- 1-30.
2:20. 3:40. 5:l6. 6:30. 11:30 p. ra.
SAN EAPAEL TO SAN PBANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 6:05. 6:50. 7:35. 7:50 »-20
11:15. a. m.;. 12:50. »2:00, 3:40. 5:00. 5-20*
C:25 p. m. • . ••'... • .
Saturdays— Extra trip at 1:45 p. m. ,
SUNDAYS— «:R0. 7:35. 0:20, 11:15 a. m.- 1-45.
3:40. '4:60. 6:00. 6:20. 6:10. 6:25 p. m.
-¦- - - - 'Except Saturdays. . •„;,:.-•,
.Leave I In Effect I Arrive
San Francisco. I May 3. 1003. 1 San Francisco.
Week I Bun- I Destlna- I Sun- I Wee*
Days. 1 days. | tlon. | daya. | Daya.
n oa 7:SOa "' 7:45 a 7:45 a
7:30 a 8:00 a - . 8:40a 8:40 a
8:0O a 9:30 a Igcaclo. 10:20 a 10:20 a
2;3Op 2:30p . <*:•,.., ,e:eOp 6:20 p
5:10 p 6:10 p .. 6:20 p 7:25 p
'___ 7:25 p
7:30 a 7:30a ¦ ¦ 7:45 a 7:45 a
8:00 a 8:00 a Novato. 10:20 a 10:20 a
2:30 p 9:30 a Petaluma, 6:20 p 6:20 p
5:10 p 2:30 p ' and ' 7:23 p 7:23 p
' 5:10 p Santa Rosa.
7:30 a 7:30 a ~ ~~ 10:20 a 10:20 a
8:00 a 8:00 a ,, Fulton. 7:23 p 6:20 p
2:30 p 2:30 p 7:25 p
Windsor.
7:30 a 7:30 a - Healdsburg, 10:20 a 10:20 a
"Lytton.
2:30 p 2:30 p Ceyservllle, 7:25 p 7*23 »
• Cloverdale. , P
7:30 at 7:30 al Mopland 110:20 a|10-20 a
2:30 p| 2:30 p| and Uklah. | 7:25 p| 7:23 p
7:80 a| 7:30 a| Willlts. | 7:25 p| 7:25 p
8:00 al 8:00 a! Camp Vacation. 110:20 a|10:20 a
2:30 p| 2:30 p| Guernevllle. | 7:25 p| 6:20 p
8:00 a! 8:COa| Sonoma. : I 8:40 al 8*40 a
3:10 p| 5:10 p| Glen Ellen. | 6:00 p| 6:20 p
7:30 a) 7:30 al 110:20 a|10:20 a
2:30 p[ 2:30 pf Sebaatopol. 1 7:23 pf 6:20 p
STAGES connect st Green Brae for San
Quentln; at Santa Rosa for White Sulphur
Springs: at Fulton for Altrurla and Mark
West Springs: at Lytton for Lytton Springs-
at Geyservllle for Skaggs Springs; at Clover-
dale for the Geysers, Boonevllle and Green-
wood; at Hopland for Duncan Springs. ' High-
land Springs. KelseyvlUe, Carlsbad . Springs
Soda Bay.' Lakeport and Bartiett Springs; at
Uklah for Vichy Springs, Saratoga Springs
Blue Lakes, Laurel Dell Lake. Witter Springs.
Upper Lake. Pomo. Potter Valley. John Day's
Riverside. Llerly's, Bucknell's. Sanhedrin
Heights. Hullville. Orr's Hot Springs. Half-
way ; House. Comptche. Camp Stevens. Hop-
kins, Mendocino City, Fort Bragg. Westport,
U»al; at Willlts for Fort Bragg. Westport,
Sherwood. Canto, Covello. . LaytonvlUe.^Cum-
mlngs. Bell's Springs. Harris, Olsen't, Dyer.
GarberviUe. Pepperwood. Scotia and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday - round-trip tickets at
reduced rates. - .
On Sunday — Round-trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket offlce, 630 Market street. Chronlcla
building." • •.-¦¦¦
H. C. WHITING, R. X. RYAN,
1 Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass. Agt.
¦
I BAH.WAY TBAVEL.
! SOUTHERN PACIFIC
1 Trains leave uml urn due to arrive »t
¦SAN FUANCISCO. •
1 (Msln Line, Foot of Market Street )
¦ mti — Ktim Acorrr 23. j-xa. — uiiti
7.01U, Uuntcla. SuUun. Ki'ulrn »nd Sacra-
mento 7-2Sr
7.00a VacMTille, Winter". Euuuey 7-25p
750a Martinez. Site ItaniuB. Vallrjo.
. Nsp*. Csllxtog*. Santa lto»a 6-25r
730 a NUes. Llvermore, Lathrop. Stock-
ton.. 7.25*
8.00a Davis. Woodland. Kn!i;htt Laih1::i?.
- Mnrytvlile. Orovllle. (connect*
st Murjrsvllle for Orldlcy, Ulgjs
' snd Cai«-o) ..., 7.55*
8 CCa Atlantic fcxpres*— Ogden sntl Ran. 10.25*
i 8.00a Port Costa. Martinez. Antioca. Df-
ron.Tracy.Stocktoo.Sarrnmento,
' : ' ' Los r.anoo. Memtota, Hanford.
Vlgalln, PorterrUle m4,2SP
8-CQa Port Costa. Martinez. Tr»cy. Lato-
rop, Modesto. Merced. Fresno,
»- Ooi-Urn- Junction, Hanfoni, VI*.
nails, nskerillcld 5-25p
8.30a Shasta Express— Da»l*. Wiutamt -
(for Dartlett Sprlno). Willows. "-¦
tFruto. Ked Bluff. Portland 7-55r
830a X11o». San Joae. LlTennore. StocS-
~\ « ton.lone.S.icr«nie»to.PlacerTnie. , ••-
M.irysvIUe. Cnlco. KeJ BlnS 423r
> 8.30a Oakdale. ChlneMt. Jaaectown. So-
iiwrH. Tuoliiiiine and Angels ...... 425r
9.00a MnulneiHud Way Stations 6 53r
1000a Vallejo^..- ..: ...„....; 12.25i>
1 0.00a El Pa*o Patsenttrr. Eaatbound.—
Port Costa. MartlneS. nyron,
*-. Tracy. Latbrop. Stockton..-. «
Merced. K.iyiBoud. Fresao, Ilia- .
ford. VUalfa, Pakersfield. Los -
Anteles sad EL Pase. , (Wes6» ... .
bound arrives vt»Coa*t Line)... «1.30r.
1000a -Tae OrrrJanil Limited — Ogden. ¦ • - •
PenTcr. Omaha, chli: »/«. .. . ... ..„ 625f
12.00V Ilay ward. Mies and Way Stations. 3.25p
ti-OOr SacraiDeatoRtTer Steamer* tii.OOr
3 30r Bealcia. Winter*. • S»cr*uient<». ¦. ¦
. Woodland. Willlams^Coluia.Wtl- .
lowi, Knl^bts Landlnr. Marys-
Ttlle. OroTlile and way atatlons.. 10.55*
ZZCp nsyward.Kllfsan4TVay Stations.. * 7 55?
-4-COr MartJnez.SunlUuion.VulleJo.Xapa.
Callaioga. Santa Itona 9-29A
40f> Marttnex. Tracy. Lathrop.StoektOB. 10".25a
4 CCp Nile*. Llrermore. Stockton. Lodl.. 4.2Sf
4 30p Hayward. Mle*.. IrTlngton. San { *8.55a
Jose. LlTermore....:. ..» II 1.55a.
- 6 COp Tie Owl Limited — Fresno. TuUre.
. llrtkersflelrt. Lo» Anselen - 8-05*
B.COr Port Costa, Tracy. Stockton. Los
Banos .....I....:,:..,. T2-2S*
1530r Hayward, Kites and 8.13 Jooe 7 25a
6. COr Hayward, NUts and 6aa Jose. 1025a
SiSly-w 7m*
6 COr Oriental Mall — Sacramento, Ofdra,
Denter. Omatut. St. Louis. Chl-
caKoand Eaau (Carrtpaflnt-elaas -.
pa»»engerson!y oat of San Fraa-
cltco. ' Tourist t-ar and coach-
passenger* for points beyood
Eacramento take T.nor. w. train'
to Kroo. contlnnlnz tbence la
" '» '• their cars* r.M. train eastward.. 4.2Sf
7.00F Port Cuts, Bcnlcia, Satsna, Davis. -- •
: eacraai«nt<K Truckre. Keno.
Stops at all sutluss east of
Eaeramento *.. 7.55a
• 7.00* Ban Pablo. Port Costa, Martlnea
and Way Stations. 11.25a
805i» Orefon A Calirorcla Kxpreis— 8ac- .. -
ramento, MarysYtlle,/ i:edd!nfr, •
* • ' Portland. Puget Sound and Kaat. 8-55*
tS.IOr Hayward, Nlleaaad San Jose (Snn- -
d«yon!y» til. 55 a
11.251" Port Costa, Tracy. Lathrop, Mo-
deito, Merced, Raymond (to To- . ' •
Semite), Freiao, lianfard. VI-
Mlta. Bakenflrld a 12 2Sr
COAST LINE Harrow Uaajs).
t (Foot of Market Street.)
' 17.45a Santa Croi Ezcarslon 'Saati&y
only) tS-IOr
8-15a Newark. Centerrllle. 8an Jose,
Feltcn. Bonlaer Creek. Santa .
Cms snd Way Stations t.25>
12.161" Newark. Centerrllle. San Jose.
5few Almaden. Lob Gato».Felton,
Bonlder Crnek, Santa Crux and
Principal Way Stations ..„ 10.55*' i
4.15J" Newark. 8an Jose. Lo* Gatoa and
way station* (on Saturday and
Snndsy rans taronja to Santa
Cruz; Monday only from Santa
Crnz). Connect* at FeKon to
and frost Bonlder Cr^ek tt.55*
OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY.
From SAN » KAN CISCO. Foot of Market St. (Sllpi)
— ff:« »:0O ll:tX>Ajt. 1.00 3 00 515 r.n.
From OAKLAND. Foot of Broadway — t*:0O )fl;M
t8:05 10:ODa.m. 12 00 2 00 4 00 r.». \
COAST LINE (Uroad Uan«s).
ZJT i inird and Townaend Streets.)
610a San Joac snd Way SUtlont 6 3O
t7 00a Son Joae and Way SUtlons 6-38r
}7.15a Monterey and Santa Cms Kxcur-
slon (Sunday only)....: .. ... J330p
/8.00a New Almaden (Tues.. Frid.) S4-10*
8-00 a Coast Line Limited— Stopaonry Saa '
Joae. Gllroy (connection for Hol-
liater). Pa]aro. CsstroTllle. 8a- r
. Unas. 6an Ardo, Pas» Robles,
SanUMarg»rlU,S*aLa!» Oblspo, ...
GaadaJupe. Surf (connection for
Lompoc). Sants Batbara, Ssuja*
and Los Angeles. Connection at
Caatrovtlle to sad from Monterey . • -
aadPaclflc Grore 134J»
BXOa Ban Joae. Trea Plnos. Capltola,
8antaCrui.PaciacOro»e.S»!tn»a. . .
San Lola Oblspo and Principal ' -
Intermediate Station* 4.13c
' 1030a Ban Jose and Way Stations 1.20*
11430 a Cemetery Passenger— South Saa
- - - Francisco, San Bruno 1.C5?
11 -30a Santa Clara, tan Jote. Lo* Gatoa
and Way Stations 7.30^ -
•1-30*- Ean Jo*e and Way Stations X7.O0P
2.C0r fma Jo»e mil Waj SuUons 19-40*
2.30r Cemetery PaaaenKer — Sontlt Saa
FraneUco, San Bruno *.SSr
tSXOr Del Monte Kzpreas— Santa Oars,
fian Jote, Del Monte. Monterey,
Pacific OroT« (connects at Santa
Clara for Santa Crnz. Boulder
Creek and Narrow Gauge Points) fl2.15>
8.30* PaelQc Grore and Way Stations— - . -
BurllD came, Saa Mateo.IJed wood.
Menlo Park. Palo Alto. Mayfleld.
Mountain View. Lawrence, Santa
Clara. San Joae. (Gtiroy. Hollla-
ter. Tre* Plnos). Pajaro, Watson-
rlile. Capitol*. Santa Crnz, C*#-
troTllle, Ssllnss 1045a
4.30p Fan Jote and Wst Stations 8.33a
tb-OOr San Jose. (t1» Santa Clara) Los
Gatoa. Wright and Principal Way
Station* 1900a
iS-ZOr San Joae and PrlncipalWay Stations tS.OOA
t6.15r SanMateo,Bereaford.Belmoa(.S«a
Carlo*. Ked wood. Fair Oaks, -J.
Menlo Park. Palo Alto t945#
6.30r Ban Jote snd Wsy Station*. 6.36-t
7 CCr Suu*et Limited, Eastbound.— Saa
. Lull Oblspo. Santa Barbara, Los
, Angeles, bemlnp. El Paso. New
Orleans, New York. (Weittraund
aiTlTeaTUS«nJoAqa1nValley)... w6Jls>
COOP Palo Alto and Way Stations 10.1&A
11-30rSonta San Francisco. Mlllbrae.'
Burlingame, San Mateo. Bel-
moat, San Carlos, Redwood. MJ(
Fair Oaks, Menlo Park. Palo ¦ Vtjmt
Alto. Mtyfleld. Mountain View, ?*?»»
Sunnyvale. Lawrence, Sanu
1 Clara snd Ssn Jo*e J
A for Morning. Pfor After a ooa.
X Saturday and Sunday only. t Sunday oaly,
I Stop* at all autlona on Sunday,
t Sunday excepted. a Saturday only.
« Via Coaat Line. w Via Saa Joaijula Vaney.
mArrlTeTlaNUe*. /Tueadayand Friday.
PT Only trains (topping at Valencia St. toathovoasl
»re 1:10 a.m.. |7:00A.M.,n:00A.M.. 2:30 r.a. and 6:30 tm.
¦ TO SAN RAFAEL
SAN QUENTIN,
MILL VALLEY,
CAZADERO.ETC.
via Sausallto Perry
WEEK DATS— (Holidays .neeptcd>-4US.
t»7:45, 8:45. 9:43. 11 *- m-. 12:20. "1:45. 34*
4:15? t»:15. 11:15. 6:45. 0. 11:45 ». m.
7:45 a. m. train week days does not rua to
Mill Valley.
SUNDAYS. AND LEOAL HOLIDAT9-7.
tS t«9. t*10- 11. tH:30 a. m...U2:30 ri:8<^
2-35 •3:50, 5. «. 7:3a 9. 11:45 P» m.
Trains marked (•) rua to Saa Qusntla. Tao««
marked (t) to Fairfax; except ft:15 p. m. Sat-
urdays. On Saturdays the 3:15 p. m. trala
IU FROM^AN*RAFAELTO SAN KRANCTSCO
— WMk days— O:25. J8:23. 7:40. 8:15. t»:S3.
11:05 a. m. 12:30. 2:20. *3:45, 4:50. 8:30. «:4A.
"sSiDATS-eilS, 7:35. JS:IO , »:*^ UMX
til -45 am.. 12:50. 2:30. »:23. 4:40. 18:5*
«:55 7:35. 10:20 p. m.
Trains marked (t) «tart from San Qjenthj.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO BAN FBAN-
CISCO— Week days— 5:45. «:40. 7:45. 8:25.
»:45. lT:10 a. m.. 12:40. 2:45. 4:15. 5:10t T:0ft,
10-40 d m.
SUNDAYS— 6:35. 7:53. 10. 11:10 a. m.. 12:05.
105 2:40 3:45. 4:R5. 6:05. *.:10. 10:40 p. m.
* * THROUGH TRAINS.
7:45 a. m.. week days— Caza<J«n> and way
stations. eck dayg (Saturdays excepted>—
Tomales and way stations
3:15 p. m.. Saturdays — Cazadero and way
stations-
Sundays and Le*ral Holidays—* a. m.. Caza-
dero and way stations.
Sundays and Legal Holiday*— 10 a. m.. Point
Reyes and way stations.
TICKET* OFFICE— 626 Market tt.
FERRY— Foot of Market st. *
MOUNT TAMALPAI3 RAILWAY
. Leave Via Sauaii* tmrrj i Arrhr*
a—Praa. 9m *i Mart* It. Saa Fraa.
Sun- 3«- I J^i
Par*- day* mwentftrhk.
»:4fiA 8:00a ISiOOn »: Ha
l:45r »:OOa \S^S?^aSr 18:5O^3:3O?
»tltrlO:OOA 3:3Of 3:JOf
l':»ot *':*3rZ
| ais&rj Vy 8:00?
fcttrsay* mtj, law Hwni 9:30T,«rhT«lf. ili8Or
TICUI ISMMaimtSt, (North Shore KaUkwO
OtiSB } aad Sausauto Pkxkv Foot Markat St.
The We^C#
$1 per Year.They Are Charged With Attempting
to Keep Proceeds of Sale of
1 Mining Stock.
M. and N. Wlnants yesterday sued
Rufus and Bertha Morris to recover S15S0,
the value of 59.320% shares of stock ln the
Zaragoza Mining Company. They claim
that the defendants, to whom they In
trusted the stock to sell, have disposed
of It and refuse to account . to them for
the proceeds, notwithstanding that nu
merous demands for the same have been
made upon them.
The plaintiffs claim that In February of
this year they turned the stock over to
the defendants. They recently learned,
they say, that within a few weeks after
receiving the stock the defendants sold
It. In two blocks, receiving for the whole
number of shares J15S0 50. The Winanfs
aver that they demanded the money, but
were told by the defendants that the
stock was still ln their possession and a
return would be made as soon as a sale
was consummated. They now charge
that the Morrises are endeavor ins to de
fraud them.
BTJFT7S AND BERTHA MORRIS
ARE SUED BY THE WINANTS
\ The school will not be able to fill any
further applications for teachers until
next December when a fresh class will
be graduated. Of the 123 graduates whom
the school has added to the teaching force
of the State since June, 1901. 106 are now
engaged as teachers, three. have died, six
are married and seven have been obliged
for various other reasons to refuse posi
tions. Sixty-nine of these graduates are
holding positions ln city or town schools
and thirty-seven are in rural schools. Six
ty-five positions have been filled since last
May, chiefly ln response to applications
to the school by Superintendents or Trus
tees or upon the school's special recom
mendation. These recent appointments
are as follows:
San Francisco elegible list — Etta Tessmer,
Lina Hansf-n," Marie d'Erlach. Eloise Harri
son. Josephine Hopkins. Carolyn Hortop.- Elsie
Hart. Emma ', MacGowan. Kathryn Parker.
Clara "Westerman. Oakland — Clara Hoagland,
Frlda . Bers, Ray Jacobs. Maude Wentworth,
Eleanor Sampson.' Eva Fulton. Alameda —
Lillian Clarkson, Susan Edson. Benlcia — Har
riet Ropers. Niles- r Mary Mayberry. Berke
ley — Nellie Newton. Sacramento— Elsie Consl
dlne. Stockton — Lottie Haas, Grace Condy.
Paso Roblex — Martha Hamlll. San Margarita
— Mabel Clarke. Sebastopol — Tessie Savage.
Fresno — Elizabeth Nash. Oakdale — Rita Cas-
There is a stronsf demand for school
teachers. As a result all of the graduates
of the State Normal School at San Fran
cisco have been engaged for the ensuing
term. r^'-'^t
All Graduates of City's
Normal Schools Find
Positions.
GOOD TEACHERS
ARE IN DEMAND
tie. Traver— Bertha Schtreinitzer. Kernvllla
— Gay Spencer. Lindsay — Ida- Dunne. Red
lands — Kate Symises. Orange — Emily Trus
cott. Santa Barbara — Emily Dillon. San
Francisco State Normal School — Ruett* Lynch.
Miss Bolte's school — Faustina Soadonl. Del
Norte County — Margaret Akelaa. Trinity
County — Imo&ene Jones. KAthrya Parker.
Tuba County — Mabel Ruff. Siskl>*ou County —
Alice Houston. Mendocino Oounty— Allca
Corbett. Nellie "Welch. Cecilia Harriett. N«p»
County— Helen Morehouse. Dora Savaye. So
noma County — Elma Anderson. Bertha Brock
ir.gton. Jemella Peugh, Bertha Wilson, Eva
Gibson. Solano County — Celsa Carnall. Sac
ramento County — Edna Gardner. Tolo County
— Mabel Furbush. Contra Costa County —
Clara Doolan. Josephine Hopkins. Alamoda
County — Helen Carroll. Josephine Dougherty,
Frances Martin. Martn County — Carolyn Pa
roni. Alicia Dufflcy. Evelyn Ryan. Florence
Martin. Nettie Canneld. San Mateo County —
Anita Hermes. Eleanor Sampson. Monterey
County — Julia Lemon. San Luis Obispo Coun
ty — Louise Lisbon. Edith Sargent. Mariposa
County — Henrietta Moore. Kern County —
Clara Reid.
Court Apollo to Entertain.
On the evening of September 2 Court
Apollo of the Ancient Order of Foresters
will entertain its members and friends in
Golden Gate . Hall with a programme of
musical numbers, songs,- specialties and
a ball. :'Aw
At Ocean Beach, two blocks below the
Cliff House. Sunday. August 23. Mile.
Anetl, the daring 'young lady aeronaut,
will make a grand balloon ascension and
thrilling parachute leap. A fine vaude
ville projjramme will be given on the big
open air stace. and Blum's celebrated
band will render an afternoon concert of
popular music, commencing at 1 o'clock
sharp. Many new attractions. Grounds
perfectly sheltered In the new twenty
foot fence. •
Coney Island,
Judge Decides Against
Keeper of Dupont-
Street Place.
Husband and Wife in Trouble.
Tyndell , Thoroughman and his wife
Fannie were arrested yesterday on a
warrant charging them with an attempt
to extort money from Theodore Howe,
publisher of the Raven. Howe alleges
that they called at his office on August
6, and Thoroughman produced a club and
demanded that he give up $200 which Mrs.
Thoroughman had paid Howe for an in
terest in the paper. He broke away from
them and made his escape. The case
against Howe for obtaining money by
false pretenses was dismissed by Police
Judge Cabaniss yesterday, but he was
immediately placed under arrest on an
other warrant issued by Police Judge Mo
gan.
National Ouard Notes.
Captain R. E. Warfield has been de
tailed to preside at an election for cap
tain of Battery A, First Battalion of Ar
tillery, . N. G. C, on Monday, August 31.
to fill a vacancy caused by the retirement
of Captain Nlppert. During the Grand
Army parade last Tuesday, when the col
umn halted 6n Market street; near Fifth,
waiting for the reviewing party to ' pass
on its way to the reviewing stand on Van
Ness avenue, the fine band of the First
Artillery Battalion of the National Guard
continued Jto play, j The members of the
band were warmly applauded and re
quested to continue. "When the column
took up Its march again a number of la
dies thanked the band. for its attention.
George Sellinger, lessee of a notorious
resort at 1129 Dupont street, a resort simi
lar to the Pacific-street Nymphia. who
has been in the courts for months past
endeavoring to tie the hands of the Po
lice Department by Injunction proceed
ings, again failed to accomplish his pur
pose yesterday. Judge Murasky decided
that Sellinger is not entitled to an order
from him setting aside the order made by
Judge Cook on June. 10 last, which order
stamped Sellinger's place as a den of in
famy and declared that the police had
every right to enter therein and make
arrests.
Sellinger appealed to Judge 'Murasky
within a few days after Judge Cook ren
dered his decision: He claimed that he
was. entitled to provisional relief on the
ground that pending an appeal to the Su
preme Court ho would be compelled ;; to
close up his place if the police were al
lowed to enter his place. Murasky ; held
in his opinion yesterday that 'he -was not
entitled to any , such : relief, holding that
only through^ an' appeal could he get a
review of the court's action. ' %S?'\-
Wants Receiver Appointed.
• Arthur N. Bayley,' a ¦ member ¦ of the
firm of Parmelee Morgan ' & Co., asked
the Superior Court yesterday to- appoint
a receiver to take charge of the affairs
of the concern pending " a ' trial of a suit
Souvenir Writing Papers.
Souvenir writing tablets and papeterles,
containing Mission and other scenic
views, illuminated with California poppy
and: poinsettia pictures. . Good to write
home and take home. Stacks of other
souvenirs. Sanborn, Vail & Co.", -741 Mar
ket street.; . *".
Promotion Committee
Asks Owners to Sell
Off Small Tracts.
REFUSES RELIEF
TO E. SELLINGER
DEVISES A PLAN
TO SECURE HELP
for an accounting the plaintiff has
brought against Parmelee Morgan, the
other member of the firm. He claims that
Morgan, after agreeing to dissolve the co
partnership, refuses to give him access to
the books or help him in any way to
wind up the firm's affairs.
they will be able to obtain constant employ
ment while their orchards are coming into
bearing, and earn enough mearn while to sup
port themselves and finish paying for their
land, thus making a permanent supply of help
that will to a large extent remove the difficulty
that yearly confronts the fruit growers
In order to secure such settlers are you will
ing to sell to desirable people tracts of land
in rrom 1 to 15 acre lots, either Improved or
unimproved, for the purpose of establishing
nomes. It to be understood that your granting
such concession Is to give you flrst claim on
the services of the settler and the members of
his family when needed.
V ?u u , &re , ln favor °f this Plan kindly fill
out the inclosed blank and mail It at your
earliest convenience to this office.
v Jv L Wo . uld bo P' ease <l to have expression from
you bearing on this plan for securing a perma
nent supply of help, and will be only too glad
to u?e any practical ideas you may present
whether the same are applicable to the State
of California in general, or your section In par
ticular. . .
The California Promotion j Committee
makes announcement that it will attempt
to brine into. this State a class of per
manent settlers who are able to have
their own homes and at the same time
assist to gather the fruit crops of Cali
fornia. In furtherance of this the com
mittee has addressed a letter to farmers
in California, asking whether they are
willing to sell small tracts of land, from
one to fifteen acres in size, to Eastern
settlers with the understanding that the
settlers will owe their first services to
those who sell them land. , ,.]\
The committee elves out the informa
tion that this plan will prove effective
for the reason that a large proportion
of those who are now coming to Cali
fornia are buying small tracts and culti
vating them. The letter sent to the farm
ers is signed by Rufus P.' Jennings, ex
ecutive officer of the Promotion Commit
tee. The substance of It is as follows:
The efforts of this committee to obtain farm
help from the agricultural districts of the
Eastern States for the California fruit grow
ers and farmers of the State generally, have
resulted In the discovery that many farmers
and uielr families In the middle West with
some capital are ready to come to California
to engage In fruit growing and general farming
on a small scale if they can locate here under
deMrable conditions.
Dependence year by year upon a floating
supply of labor must ever be unsatisfactory
and uncertain and certainly undesirable. We
believe If these settlers and their families can
be distributed generally throughout the State,
The menaperie presented for inspection
and study this year by the Rlngling
Brothers is the greatest zoological col
lection ever brought together. As an Im
portant department In the biggest show
in the world it offers not only features
of Interest and wonder but recommends
itself pre-eminently as a superior source
of study and information. In point of
eize as well as in rare and exclusive
features It is beyond comparison with any
other animal collection In Europe or
America. It possesses many specimens
of rare .inimal life not to be seen in any
other collection that it is the most dis
tinctive menagerie in the world, and will
be seen In its entirety when the Ringling
P.rothers exhibit in San Francisco for
pight days from Monday. September 7
to Monday. September 14, inclusive The
giraffe, now almost extinct, is represented
by two beautiful types, a male and a
female. The rhinoceros is another fea
ture that cannot be seen with any other
chow. Explorers say this species of beast
has disappeared with the solitary excep
tion cf the one owned by the Ringling
Rrothers. The only baby elephant ever
l>om and successfully reared In captivity
in America belongs to this remarkable
exhibition. It was born January S. 1903
nnd stands no higher than its mother's
knee. This little midget of elephant life
is as playful as a kitten and is the pride
and net of the great herd of forty ele
phants in this extraordinary tented or
ganization. Naturalists, scientists and
students T.ill find many other specimens
of almost extinct types of animals. like
the eland, the vlack vlarck or South
America, the ?ak from the highlands of
Thibet, hippopotami as heavy as a good
fized elephant, huge polar bears — all that
is rare and interesting In zoology— is here
exhibited. Some idea of the immensity
:md completeness of the Ringling Broth
ers' menagerie may be formed from It3
comparative statement that no other me
naprerie contains more than forty cages
while the Ringling Brothers actually pos
sess 108 cages, tanks, lairs and dens con
taining three times the largest zoo the
» orld has ever seen. Nor is this me
nagerie the only wonder of the World's
Greatest Shows. Ringling Brothers have
375 of the most finished performers known '•
to the amusement world, a new and glor
ious three-mile free street parade, a sub
lime and beautiful spectacular production
of Jerusalem and the Crusades shown on
¦ ho largest stage ever used for exhibition- :
tl purposes, the whole being transported '
from city to city In eighty-five double I
*>ngth cars, equal in carrying capacity to
CO ordinary cars.
The World's Greatest Zoo.
At the first meeting of the fall course
of the Corona Club of literary ladies, held
in Mission Masonic Hall in the presence
of a large attendance, "Vacation Expe
riences" were given by Mrs. Clare O.
Southard, in which she told of enjoyable
trips to Santa Rosa and Guerneville in
the company of the Mystic Shriners and
their families. Mrs. J. H. Bullock spoke
of the "Esoteric Fraternity at Applegate"
in' a very entertaining way. Mrs. James
Ralph Jr. in a very clever way gave an
account of a recent European trip.
Mrs. A. L. Sobey told of amusing inci
dents of a sojourn at Lake Tahoe and
added a number f>t exciting fishing ex
pciiences, proving conclusively that the
fish stories are not confined exclusively
to the sterner sex. Mrs. S. Martin spoke
a i some length on the matter of preserv
ing Telegraph Hill, and Mrs. Edward
Gore Denniston, president of the club,
was selected to represent the club with
the central committee that has that mat
ter in charge. The following numbers
were rendered: "Lift Thine Eyes," from
"Elijah." by Mrs. Burrill; trios by Mes
d:;mes Brace. Burrill and Norton, and in
strumental recitals by Mrs. M. A. Owens.
President Mrs. Denniston announced the
following committees for the current term:
Programme, Mrs. L. R. Turtle: reception.
Mis. George A. Johnston; auditing. Miss
Frances Meeker; music, Mrs. George H.
Norton; decorations, Mrs. H. L. Segar;
refreshments, Mrs. J. D. Jessup; home.
Mrs. Frank DaHon; parliamentary leader,
Mrs. A. L. Barry: custodian of the log
book. Miss Jennie Partridge.
The next open meeting of the club will be
on Thursday. August 27. when the guests
will listen to an interesting lecture by
the Rev. William Rnder in addition to a
well arranged programme of musical
numbers. Sectional work will be dis
i ussed :»t the next regular meeting of the
cluli. This association, the membership
of which is limited to 200, has thirty-two
applications from ladies who want to
Join.
Rev. Mr. Rader to Address Members
at an Open Meeting Next
Thursday.
CORONA LITEBABY CXUB'S
FIRST OF FALL COURSE
Unless the District Attorney appeals
Against the decision of the Judge to the
Supreme Court the case is closed. As
sistant District Attorney Whiting believes
that Judge Dunne would be reversed on
appeal, as he Is satisfied that the records
of the Civil Service Commissioners are
public records to all Intents and purposes
for the simple rej»son that any officer
charged with pubiTC duties has an in
herent power to keep a record of his acts.
The District Attorney is as yet not pre
pared to say whether he will file an ap
peal so as to have the question settled by
the higher court.
Mershcn was arrested about two weeks
later by Detective T. B. Gibson and his
case was assigned to Judge Dunne's
court. When It was called Attorneys
Fuhrman and Bull, on behalf of the de
fendant. Interposed a demurrer to the in
dictment, the main ground being that
Walsh's paper could not be construed as
a public record. The Judge Instructed the
attorneys named and Assistant District
Attorney Whiting to submit briefs on the
points raised, which was done.
When the case was called yesterday
morning the Judge said he did not care
to discuss the many exceptions raised to
the indictment, as there was only one to
•which he had devoted any considerable
thought and attention and that was
¦whether or not Walsh's paper was a pub
lic record. It was his belief that It was
not a public record within the meaning of
the section under which the indictment
was found and therefore the demurrer
would be sustained.
John R. T. McrBhon. the former Civil
Service Commissioner, who resigned on
April 29 -while under a. cloud of suspicion
that he had been juggling with questions
to be put to applicants for positions In
the Fire Department, was fortunate yes
terday In having the demurrer to the in
dictment of the Grand Jury charging him
with falsifying a public record sustained
by Judge Dunne.
Among the applicants ¦who took part in
the examination before the Civil Service
Commissioners for positions In the Fire
Department In March last wu W. B.
"Walsh. It was alleged that Walsh ob
tained less than 75 per cent on his paper,
but that Mershon altered the figures so as
to bring him within the eligible list. The
matter ¦was laid before the Grand Jury
and on May 29 the Indictment was re
turned against Mershon.
Holds That Civil Service
Papers Are Not Publio
Records.
Judge Dunne Sustains
Demurrer to the
Indictment.
MERSHON EVADES
TRAIL BY JURY
THE SAN FBANCJSCO •CALL,, SUNDAY, AUGUST 23, 1903.
44
HALE'S. I HALE'S. I HALE'S. | HALE'S. T\\^C SALE'S. I HAT.TTa .
sw-wvy-isi-nj-irv'Lru^^nj-irKj^^ <~> rr-nri «-r-» J^-»-v^r> l rir-i.r l r.->rir-r->-ir^w-ir l vi.iijijvomju\AAwjmi-uir--irui.:uujLj L-u"-TWM-Wir-i -^--- r^^%rf> l^^ M >^>^ >r^^^ ljru -^^ jx rn.'J'-»l"»ni-i-n ¦ - -*- ¦ ¦ m — *»^»**^^»» .- ¦ _ inn.nnnnnnn.nn.
Hale's— San Francisco's Successful Store
Let's Look at the Lorgnette Chains, 20c PfnhrniHpt 4 ipc firiri FlniinCinO'Q
/ Coraline ones, 48 in. Ion* Women JL-* 1 1 1 V lillUCilCiS Z\ 1 1 U 1 1 tJ 14 1 1 W 1 II J* •
IVT^k^^T' I nilrk««A/l I B*»Z^C?C?^C? think a good deal of them at the pres- <=> 4
iNew lanorea uresses %:;- pt)pu , ar idM! in lhe Jew&T - For . sale Th. s week
_, ; ¦.*-'; ,, . . .' v, , section now are— • 25c for embroideries 16 in. wide, and as pretty as they are wide; 30c tor tnem up to 17 in.,
The Style Seems to be all in the jacket. Pearl sets BOO— Are white pearls, , enrina , ,, • , . o . . , J -,. / ,, f ;r, t i flrtunrintr*: fnr -,~AU u
T . . (_ , . a-u i r i.t. thr «e of them in a set. and some of these patterns themselves are 8 in. wide. Those beautiful riouncings ior starts and baby
It S either a blouse Or COat. The COatS Of COUrse are the mOSt Chain Purses and Chatelaines 35o. 811- ,!„_,._ . ,, . , ,• , ¦ , , A , v „,« .-_. AA XtuAm** ™\A~ a
... , . . ver plated or oiidized. dresses, not sold regularly under 75c (and some of them $1.00), are all 49c, 44 incnes wide. An-
striking, lor they are Go]d Fnie(J j ewelry> other ]ot WQrth as h[gh as 50 win gQ at 6gc>
we afe'i^e habTt of s^W^h VS More good fortune for the Hale public.
*^*Wjp|||||pv . <;. . . suckifas 3 ' 75c— 14-karat gold fliied; of Manufacturers have been hearing a great deal lately of embroider}* sales ; of the tremendous
ViTp^!^ seeing, some ot tnem ¦¦t«rHn« saver, new designs with set- quant i t j es Hale's stores sell, and of how many more women come to them for embroideries rather
I <dm, are , SO much lke J he Ke^'a?^ 8e f^f t irn 7 ctt"e 1 it«w t i than ff° elsewhere. They all want this outlet— their bidding against each other for it develops bar-
wiTe isTlmost Hie Tn B^oo^T^n-unrat. g oid mied. gains that other stores don't hear of. These to-morrow:
M^MMk wcari o- her hus" -Si eaf and star de3lf?n9 ' 25c Lot, Regular Price 35c and 50c 38c Lot, Regular Price 50c and 75c
iW&$2/^"^rafflJ§^3l5a & ~" Some are rare values in cambric, nainsook and dainty Swisses. 1600 yards beautiful embroideries, nainsooks and dainty nt!w a ,
0%^mMM band's coat. Some of Tambour Scarfs I?'"' m u £ £"% £"?*« 2T bIln ; stltch effecta v s^o™ n «o?T\c^^^
M&ll0%MMf>mfflN8i& thf rmtish nuP< fit j ou A • op.-nwork fleur de Us. scrolls, pretty medallion patterns, openwork , tylea are ,„ o^ en wc) -j c pattfrns> 8Cr0 ll «nd bead effect*. Up , 3
COailSll Ones lit an( J ShamS Again edges with Insertion and beading. Some or the patterns are 7Vi 6 ln. deep.
snugly, others hang All in two lots— 65c and 79c. ln - dec p- . . 68c Lot, Regular Price $1.00 to $1.50
IWml\\ more Ioosely - Some of 65C lot worth $I and $I - 25 - J^dHr 1 ; i Re f ula b r , p / ic f 7 ? c $ l 'P?, ™ ?sa sssra %z?S£ siWK
X V iPwiPv lhe SklrtS faH far 79C l0t W ° rth $I - 35 and $I - 5 °- dr: "- £ "^.^n^'arn^h'canop'ed ed^s.^ XT^irk"^^^^^^
\\\ BHiwili'SfflS a sac^ coat ' some as They are in Irish point effects
\\\\ ffill^ltf^^ far as a Prince Albert. and include sonic of the hand- l\J/*\Ti/' Cplf c €\fl(\
''^Bllli^^ Some Qf them even somes t designs made. ' i W W I CI Id Ctll.U ±D LI 11 llCllo
lil^^r haVC Side P ockets and Ver - V rarc ' indecd - t0 find s «ch These ready-to-wear styles become more thought of every sea- .^^^^^^
!ill^» . h Au l coin . P° ckcts ' h - cIass P ic^ es fw half what sorL T hey appeal with peculiar emphasis to the American woman. < S§g§S£^£gg?'
&IMMwWt^\ (Women will certain- thev usually are. A similar sale , ri . it _ . , , . .
i^^Pl»V^ ] y be S^d of that.) last week met with a big response. fhey CXpreSS hcr th ° Uffht ° f COmmon S °" Se aS perhapS n ° ° ther hat
/ /^^lP^%v^w^ V nt tn e more fern- does. They go with her tailored costume as no other hat does. So we <* s *^*\ ; L <r Jl*
'^y^^fel^l^^^^W^^v * mne ones ave c^ asl1 S Flannelette have been more than careful to cull out the best styles. They have been V^L^^T
/jMM II f^^W^^^^^^ and swagger to them, f Night Robes arriving by every express train lately. We don't keep them hid. They /-^e^^^W
! /M^ : I I'mHP^^^^^^^^^ too. Imagine some It's time to think about them. are on sale as quickly as we can get tbem opened up — 85c to $8.00.
JESSM? I IHM^^^^^^^^^ with fanc y' collars and Alul to bc sure y° n would With them came a bargain this week, of which we are anxiou3
S|i|J£||U '^^^^^^^^^ Cllffs - dce P ca P es and thmk of Hal f s ; lt the samc timc t0 tdI y° u - / W
-¦= a =^^afcge^ggsir^jrr r ""--^. — (sometimes double we. nave marked <£i fie -tf '' ' r W*\* f-n vi 1 . C Ix ,< fxr^
and triple ones) tucks, buttons and may be three or four dangling This one 50c. $ 1 .V5 TOr jLlvQllUe OV lYlOliair reltS WOrtll 4>O.UU
trimminP r s and vou have these in vnnr minri tUov o.-« ¦ ts good quality, all new patterns -Samples — that tells the story.
trimmings ana you na\e mesc in \ our mind. Sometimes they are mostly % ink \ nd y hluc st rip?s made Only 8 dozen - We wish there we - re & dozen - . Thc y' re aI1 hand-made, all trimmed and ready-to-wear. Whites,
severely plain, sometimes protusejy fixed — any woman S taste mav full in the body, good length all blacks, castors, reds, blues, oxfords; trimmed with ribbons, quills, wings, birds and buckles. There are no two of
be Satisfied this fall. 1 * sizes - 15 to 19. ' them exactly alike, so choosing will be interesting and lively ao4 the first one will get the best.
_. ,.'.,. . . 75c— Night Robes of heavy prade flan- ~~~ ~~ — "
Zibdme » the favonte mtenai, then broadcloths, panne chev- 3Sfc^!^^*pSffiS*Sa Circle (i) Silk is at HaWs. QrktTt^ HfPCC C*f\f\A<Z
tots, etam.nes cheviots and p.Iain cheviots. Blacks are first, but g \°!?,'JL$U<^;, l Vh^ „„„ » nd . '< „ . - UTCSS VlOOaS
blues and greens and browns are good. Some of these in mixtures i ul1 ln l ,\ he body: made from flne quality It s the silk for linings, 50c yd.
are stunning. £™ l $& £^i&t a c3K£ ne * y trim - . . Fashion is unfolding her new materials at Hale's. Her favor-
S16 qo to $7- 00 ri w ~Z 1 ~ . ite is zibeline. Sometimes it's hairy; sometimes plain; sometimes
Ware read^iih anything volant to sec. UeV Ladyship COVSetS t^Z^^^^Z^I^^^Z
r** w r « » Stand for strength, suppleness, style — corset satisfaction. 5 OC > $!» $1-25, $1.50, $1.75.
rew Underwear items , I^P^^jp?^iipi c r bine « i^tPS^p^p WMsl, £**%*¦&£
best materials— English batiste, COUtll, hgured Silk or figured proud of it. 54 in. wide. Comes in black, brown, tan, navy, moureen and
—To show you how far you r money will go at Hale's this broche. Suppleness, because they are made to* conform to the Bordeaux.
week. The selection now is at i ts best— broad and safe. movements of the body. They have elasticity life. Iridescent Satlglieu Black Cheviots
Women's Silk Vests. Children's Oneita Suits Stylish,, because they embody the strength front, nature's* own. and two 1 conmilt'nK^oioTs 111 The^rf Tc/frro^h Steam shrunk and spot proof. They're
Beautifully designed, with h 4 nd-crocheted They're fleeced lined; have nigh n«k s and e >j n '? * Y™ 1 * °J . st >' Ies to fit each figure. Every natural curve is con- f"^!}^-.. "' s P°P ular for fa » cctume.; 49 made of finest worsted yarn. We
yoke; pattern extending over shoulders; pink, lo "^ "'eeves; ankle length; finished ln front Slder ed and molded into perfect grace. There arc the medium and low - " -,. . . __ would like to have you see them and
rky. black and cream; $3 75. w '"• ¦« lk J5ViS h !?» : 8l , zes * t( ? 15 > ea «: We- ousts, long and short hips, tapered hips and dip hips. bpOHged CneVlOtS, 75C take samples for comnarUnn Thr^..
Other Mtm ,3. *2 75 and ?2 25. dr^ii" 11^ ' UltS ln Onelta «jg «* ch,,- Personal attcntion j ¦£&¦ eyery P customer P f ach one's COrset needs Another frth lot of them are here. Plenty w id t h S £ in VTo 7 c"c I II
Richelieu Ribbed Vests, Child's StcaM Shrunk Garments. ™ T^X*-^ to° $"0.50" IS? C ° rSetierC ' x P " Vate ParI ° rS - b -SS&«S?-«Sf ST 1 - u ' a >a ' in., $1.25 ind }& ' 7SC ' 54
High neck: long sleeves; Hnished in front wtth al^Ifz'k P f^m ""f^STS* 1 flne^ erse y ribbed: - ' & T J • /• f** *
|^p^^H |gig^«| New Art. Draperies Notions-tor a Sale .
• Wool Mixed SuitS. 5c rlse t0 each 8lze - " ' - '¦'' „ , * (Wom.n Will Be Intereated.)
The,* .re natural rray garments; high necks; Child's White Vests and Pants. Hun g anan Cloth 29c— It's a very Art Bcnims 12^c_Entirelv new TJ - , notions o £ Standard Hale's
ion* S le*ve. : finished at the neck with crochet The.Vre Swiss ribbed ones- in medium wetehf —^ W ° VC " matcrlal « & Wlde « line - P lent y of Patterns, all new. l nC Y Sre g 000 nO«OnS OI StanaarO Hale S.
Pitching; $1. sizes 2 to 12 years. Vests have crocheted specially adapted for lounge or floral and oriental and Persian It S safe to save money on them. The savings are worth noting
ptitcning at the neck; eatin bands in from. box coverings, cozy corners or designs, to make cushion and box •, T«r . r A v -n u i. r n' • \
Oneita Combination Suits, 45c. wkiV.^YVSr.^a^/S^'isVir curtains. It's a 2sc cloth. coverings ment - Most of them will be out for first time to-morrow.
They have hl S h necks; long sleeves; ankle 7 to 0 years 40c. 10 to 12 years 45c. « This lot will go at 20C. . . Fancy Silkolines lOc_Some new Hose SllpOOrterS at I M ZZ 2 B^ 9 trover's 5c. 200 varda on
length; come in nautrai gray and ecru; fleece Bovs' Merino Underwear ace Curtain Swisses 12^c_Two cases and exclusive designs in floral and _ . no J,Jr Mll nf ,- n D TW b?a?k P ' n a " numbers - wtlt9 and
iii^^iiiii i^/pif^i ly^sife for & " M "-w,,^, 1 -- — -"
or »n front; pants and drawers with ribbed ankles. dainty lace stripes and others in Figured Cretons 15c — In floral and The same style In satin pads 25c In- — 3 Reliable Basting Cotton. 100-yard
These are but hints. Judge U S by them as you would follow a dots - striped ideas, light and medium s * ea^, of with fancy frilled side spools. 5c; white only.
1 u *i i^"w« ct Fig Ur ed Sateens 12i/c— Extra colorines "?6 in wide elastics attached. , r,*U-. T>:~~ ~
road by the sign posts. ff twil.ed material. in. wide, Lap't^Cu^Fn "hisses lOe- Stockinet Shields, 5 c pr. Jet or col S e f S n i S oo 5C *
erfnls el Sm^Sf? Tow f°? C W? * f Th^' re ~t In perfect- condition, but Fancy card of X fan-shaped, with
S-V fl •-» « * f v w j a enngs and are seldom sold as low fects and dots, very neat and tasty they're just the thing for shirt waists, white, jet or mourning pins. 6c.
CR I f\ I B 4~\ T" H*^i3kC %^k/ "tf"* A*Z1 #<cr as this - We ROt a Iot of manu " ior window curtains and pillow — Kid Curlers 2&c dozen. — Cleopatra Pin Book 9c 100 colored
OC4.1V \af/ K\Jf JL-1 fi WO T T 1 I I I iT C I facturcrs' short pieces. sets. —Finishing Braid oc piece, white and P Ina wit « elass heads.
m colors. — Hatpins 4c. Jet heads, fancy cut.
i First Opportunity of Its Kind. p-r\ /• /• j X "W T ' ¦ 1 w~^k • n -a — Tubular Shoe' Laces 10c dozen; reg- — Cap Sheaf Safety Pins. Tho only
Now we are ready to K ive you as good wringers as there are and ask you Taffeta W aSH Rl bOOIlS "-bS^PIh. 3c paper. -i'T £*&£? Slzes 2 ' 2 *
less than we ever have. *W.*Jl^^** TV**4^Ai JIVAJLT KJYJ 44^ -Kingston's Safety Pins 3c. Nickel- -Onto Nainsook Shields. Areodor-
Si.65 for wringers we have never sold under $2.25 and $2.45 for those we • factory ends, l l / 2 to O vards. They are the last CUtS Plated. 3 sizes. 2, 2% and 3. less and can be washed. 20c. 25e, 30c,
couldn t formerly sell under $3-75- Retailers and jobbers will be as surnrispH L n j • a- 1 1 -.t- 1 — F - p - c - Wax 2^ c cake - „
as you to hear of it. u junoers wm oeas surpnsed after all the I O-yard pieces are Off the loom. We get them -Tailor's Tape Measures 2y,c. 2- a S so , Stockinet Shields 22c,
But Hale's have six stores. folded instead of ill rolls. -Then See what Variety. .- yaTS^th^Slec 1 . ?n e< di ff e 7 r h e nt Sths 3 "-dressmakers-" Hooks and Eyes, wit*
We wanted to push wringers in all of them at the same time So we be- v n , laW , , , , ...„,,.,,,„ wiatns. patent arrangement. Sizes 3. 4- 2 cards
gan figuring with the manufacturers. Here's the result: , No! I \l S^SjffiSSftft. No! S S l^h Needle Books, 3 C. 5c " Elther *»*™* « silver. 4 '
These Wringers $1.65. "Universal" Wringer $2. 4 c. 3£ u is £ tt: JSSS S2 lot no % u c $t S^,!^^ m which are needles, sewing and Ne-dl-Pt Pins, 5 c.
"Rival-: family size; made with steel It's one that used t n .mi «. m-7 .. No. 10 Is 8c yd., regular price 12%c 5 ln. Is ISc yd., K-gular price 2Sc. ' darning, bodkin, hatpins, white pins and They are our own W» Vt»«. *h.v«
This Wringer <$-> AZ (tfOS. /$¥/ JMr/ im/ —Capitol Bastlnsr Cotton 5c. heads. Ask to see them ' *
, V • r u v, , This Wringer Si "? X&&Z&Z±^<gffl /M/ *&V _ Wo have McCall 1 . Magazine* and patterns. Subscriptions by the year are
"Novelty": with Improved ; xlIla >vn "b u V'-j. /Mf/ /^^hiP /0%Z^ 5 °°" To those who subscribe we are ivin K one extra Pa»ern.
They re the well known "Horseshoe Brand" wringers, every one pruaran- /Mir/ /&*Stf >»— V^__^. +^ L3.TCSL I~*l3.nnGlS
teed so if they are not satisfactory you may feel free to get your money back. /Mmf * _ J~ , ~~~*f rif > ues with fleece b * cks - 12 « c - L '^t and German Eiderdowns, iso and 20c- he*r,
75c Wash Tubs, 58c. 90c Clothes Baskets, 65c. 6ZQ@E$§L^*^ "«"¦ KroundSl dots> stripe?t one of the new fn^' strlpe3 and fisures> ful1 raa « 9 ' of «> l£ > r -
Oalvar.ized Iron: strong, heavy and substan- Sincls strand selected willow med'ium s\il ~^ J^^^^ 9BR^ar\\ II m \j\\\mf~*^^ Napped oxfords. 15c; new and handsome LXiuble faced German Eiderdowns. 25c: la
Ua, at a new price to-morrow morn,n g: 22 - f%± M C . C - I ' 53 ™? 18 - £ , „ ', , K SS&S& fit
inch size. 58 cents. Claus"Soap. Or " ant * • 979 Market Street, neai' SlXth. a d^ilrerir 111^ Snd "' strl P« 9 Tricot Flannels. 30c; plain colors. Flsured
"JUST GATHERED,"
The beautiful , fruit study to be
given away FREE with next
SUNDAY'S CALL, will make a
handsome dining-room picture
if framed closely in ebony and
ornamented burnished gold, size
ioy 3 xi5y 2 .SAN FRANCISCO, SUNDAY,; AUGUST 23, 1903.
KING EDWARD VII, while Prince of Wales, earned a repu
tation of good fellowship at the- expense of his assets and
but for the liberal provision made him by Queen Victoria,
Baron Hirsch and others would have had a hard time getting
along on his annual salary of $550,000. As it is, with an income,
of about $3,000,000, only the aid of his wealthy subjects and the
financial genius of his advisers keep the royal purse from col
lapse. His Majesty is well provided with royal residences, as is
shown by the accompanying illustrations.
strictly controlled by the King and whose
""ankers are mostly Princes -costs hU
necessary if any person employed on the
royal estates would" entertain' bis friends
at tea, ."This is, obviously, when the em
ploye is fed, as so many are. out of th<
PARIS, Aug. 22.— The discovery that a
plant called ocimun virlde, or green basil,
is destructive to mosquitoes has caused
much discussion among scientists, but till
now no one was aware that the sweet
basil plant, common In the south of
France, Spain and Italy, is equally de
structive.
Charles Raymond, the dramatic author,
however, writes that during a visit Uo
Venice he obtained complete protection
by putting pots containing the plant
along the window sill, as not one raoa-
M .i>* rx.xutd throueh.
Plant Enemy of Mosquito.
illegible hand, by the way):
"Dear, — —: I wish you'd look in on me
to-morrow about 1. I'll hope to see you
at " luncheon. Yours sincerely,
"EDWiRD ••
PARIS, Aug. 22— Philippe Mariat, a
French architect, is endeavoring to have
the Shah of Persia summoned before The
Hague tribunal to secure the payment of
a debt of 300.000 francs (JCO.OOO). If he suc
ceeds he will establish a precedent cover
ing payments of disputed claims between
governments ar^d individuals. The ques
tion is whether The • Hague tribunal is
competent to try the case.
Wants to Sue the Shah.
family flour j bin. Queen Victoria intro
duced this' careful system and King Ed
ward has adhered to it rigorously. J
. But King Edward alone Is responsible
for reducing the -time of his owndlnner
eatlng to one: hour; by eliminating innu
merable petty courses. The private dinner
at Buckingham Palace costs ' less to-day
than It did even in; the days of quiet
Queen Victoria,' simply because it Is. not
thought necessary to have so many things
to eat. The King's- example in this in
stance has affected every dinner- table in
polite London." ¦ ¦ ¦ ¦ • • ¦ . v >
; The formal private entertaining of both
the King arid ;Queen' and the Prince ; and
Princess of Wales is far too big ; a thing
to be arranged , by themselves. They
signify who shall , be : Invited and .then
they- can -go about their : affairs and not
trouble themselves further ; to remember
the list. "- Lord Knollys. 'the" King's se'ere- j
tary, is his aid ' in .chief. Lord Knollys 1
nrincipal duty in connection with tha
King's entertaining is to tell his Majesty
whom he Is about to entertain. .
Sir Dlghton Probyn, who lives at Buck
ingham Palace and who has an apart
ment in ¦ the Mornam. Tower, Windsor,
and 'a house ' at ¦ Sandringham", stands be
tween, the King and his bankbook. ' V
When the Queen doesn't wish to trou
ble the Hon. Charlotte Knollys, her pri
vate secretary, to . write her invitation
notes for her,' she lays the duty upon the
Hon.,*Sydney^ Greville. Mr. y Grevllle is
technically her Majesty's secretary, j but
he" also has Innumerable, other social du
ties | Imposed upon ( hlm by the Queen. . He
plays- cards with her," for instance, and
makes - a fourth : . hand often in a game ; in
which 1 the King; the Queen and Princess
Victoria participate.
- Sir Arthur John Bigee is the prime
mover in the 1 social affairs of the Prince
of } Wales. He personally * writes many
notes of. invitation for his Royal High
ness - and as his private secretary is in
attendance on. him at. nearly every, social
function.
Naturally, the royal . family . Issue Invi
tations for their, own formal affairs with
prodigio'us ceremony. Their favorite In
vitations are big. square cardboards with
the .blackest of black engraving. "The
King and Queen desire' the company off
is the cqnventlonal phrasing, of the . invi
tation. But when the King wants' a
friend just" to , run into Buckingham Pal
ace for luncheon he is very likely to scrib
ble on a bit of plain note. paper (in very
He adds: "A peculiarity in "Wagner's
left, eye caused th*. forehead to arch in
concentric curves. This the master's ad
mirers described as 'the eye of genius,'
as if "geniuses had a peculiar sort of eye
defect."
• People who cannot appreciate "Wagner
are greatly consoled by Dr. Gould's dis
coveries.
"¦Wagner," says Dr. Gould in the Lan
cet, "throughout life was a martyr to
dyspepsia, headache, nervousness, mel
ancholy, insomnia and indescribable suf
fering. Other men have had some of
these symptoms all of the time, but Wag
ner had all of . those symptoms all the
time." "W.;*^
LONDON, Aug. 22.— The latest theory
about "Wagner's music is that it was due
to ill health.
Yesterday s also a woman presided for
the first time at the distribution of prizes
In the girls* college— Mrs. Bert, the widow
of a great educator and one who was in
strumental' in establishing girls' colleges
in France.' v
Mme. Gaussel passed a brilliant exam
ination yesterday and was appointed
chief surgeon in the midwifery section of
the medical college at Montpelller. She
Is the first woman to obtain such an ap
pointment.
PARIS, Aug. 22.— At the latest meeting
of the Academy of Sciences In Paris the
eminent English scientist. Lord Kelvin.
and his wife were present. The admit
ting of Lady Kelvin was contrary to a
custom of many years' standing, but she
was graciously received by the French
savants.
A woman was recently appointed a
ship's doctor at Marseilles.
FRANCE IS ACCORDING
RECOGNITION TO W0XE2T
Some Recent Incidents That Show a
Departure From Time-Honored
Customs.
his subjects do so much of it for him.
V:»e King is practically host at every
house party he attends. It is considered
that he pays tack his social obligations
when he asks his hostess to Include cer
tain guests in the list of those bidden
to meet him.
In all the great English houses the King
is practically at home. His own servants
attend him. His own waiter hands him
his food, as the same waiter does, for
the matter of that, at every dinner his
Majesty attends in town or country.
When the King dines out so
also does his chief •waiter. At
the country houses his Majesty simply
takes possession and has all meals ex
cept dinner there in private. The guests
are his and so are the servants, the
horses and everything else about the
place so long as he remains.
A number of the English nobility, nota
bly the Dukes of Devonshire. Westmin
ster and Sutherland, are said to spend
much mere on lavish entertaining than
does the King himself. He has, at least,
no King to entertain, save on rare occa
sions when one visits him privately. For
certain distinguished foreign gue»ts his
Majesty has spent as much as $5009 a
week for a house. A cozy dinner at his
tlub, the Marlborough— an organization
Majesty $100 or thereabouts, and when
he and the 'Queen entertain "at- home"
the price of the dinner frequently runs
Into tho four figures.
His Majesty pays out of bis own pocket,
figuratively speaking, for the . special
trains which take his guests to and from
"Windsor and Sandringham, ~ "When there
are "command" performances, while act
ors and actresses are not paid anything,
the leading lady always receives a costly
present and the leading men souvenirs of
some kind| all at the personal expense of
the King-. He also hires the train that
carries the company to him. As "com
mand" performances are reported to be
his Majesty's pet diversion, and as they
are certainly the diversion most-frequent
ly provided for his house parties, the
money be spends on theater trains and
theater people is not inconsiderable.
So it's not to be wondered at that econ
omy Is practiced In the royal 'household.
For example, "ticket of admission" is
LONDON, Aug. 22.— King Edward
VII, who isn't as hard cp now
es he was when ho was merely
a Prince, would be poor, In
deed, if be bad to live on the
c&lary allowed him by his peo
ple. JCot that It Is a email 6alary. for It
is a very considerable one, with the purse
strings pulled tight by a special keeper.
It amounts to £.50,000 a yeas, aside from
housekeeping expenses. But It la esti
mated that his Majesty spends not less
than half this gTeat amount in private
entertaining: and gifts, and that leaves a
email proportion for the various other ex
penses devolving upon him In the capac
ity of English gentleman. Fortunately,
however. Queen Victoria, Baron Hlrsch
and Others have left King Edward nicely
••fixed." In all his .Majesty's income is
about $3,000,000 a year.
But his own share of his actual salary
floea not even approach the total cost of
the King's private entertaining, because
With a $ 3 ,000,000 Income
Ruler Must Practice
Economy.
KING EDWARD'A SUBJECTS HELP PAY HIS SOCIAL DEBTS,
BUT PLAYING THE ROLE OF A ROYAL HOST COMES HIGH.
_ ¦¦¦• * ~^
Pages 45 to 48
Pages 45 to 48
DECLABES DYSPEPSIA
INSPIRED "WAGNER
Dr.. Gould's. Odd. Discovery Concern
ing the Famous German
• , . Composer."Of course every one sees an ideal en
vironment for- his work— you In yours,"
and Mr. Miller bowed courteously, as-with
a nod I acknowledge an inner yearning for
an office hung with Gobelin, a copy-room
that would enjoin me to taxeall the time
I wanted to ¦ write and ' a business office
insisting on a weekly raise of salary!
"And you succeed then In pleasing at
least one person, as Mr. Lackaye says,"
I added.
."Well, in a. way," Mr. Miller owned..
"It doesn't often happen, though. Then
is when you must act just for yourself."
anything else," the actor affirmed, "of
the sub-conscious will. You cannot al
ways be calculating 'your effects. But one
feels immediately if that peculiar vibra
tion in the audience is absent. Some
times, of course, it is a matter of hand
ing things out on a (salver— but one
doesn't care to insult the intelligence of
an audience that way. Still there does
come your bad audience, where you
are really sure that it Is not all your
fault nor the author's that the play fails
to go."
. "When you are really a little satisfied
with yourself—"
HENRY MILLER, WHO IS MAKING FRIENDS FOR GEORGE BERNARD SHAW.THROUGH MEDIUM OF "THE DEVIL'S DISCIPLE/'
But he will not be an editor again.
He prefers to write songs, anil no won
der, for as one of Cole & Johnson
Bros, he is part recipient pt <tn income
larger than that of the President of tha
United States.
Did you ever have a mission In life?
If so then you will appreciate the laud
able ambition that filled the breast of
a young man in Jacksonville. Fla.. some
years ago. He had just finished his col
lege course and he decided that It was
his mission to start a newspaper for the
colored people. It was a praiseworthy
ambition and so the Daily American be
came a pioneer in this field. Unfortunate
ly, though, young James W. Johnson had
not counted the cost— or perhaps he mis
calculated. At any rate the ambition and
the newspaper lasted a short »ix months.
Then the young editor taught school for
six years to pay for the prlnt'ns of the
paper. To-day he is proud of the ex
perience. "I ought to be," he says, "It
cost me enough."
"Monte Crlsto" O'Neill is said to b«
very enthusiastic over^* C .° r .f" p Do £. 9
play. "Brigadier Gerard, which Mr. Ty
ler secured for his use while in Europe.
Every person who has enjoyed Sir Co
nan's delightful descriptions of the won
derful adventures and eseapad* s of this
Napoleonic D'Artagnan will understand
Just how easy it might be f-r James
O'Neill « to make an extraordinary "hit
in lust such a role. The dramatist, who
is Dr Doyle himself, is said to have done
excelient work in his dramatization.
Nelson W. Page, the composer who
wrote the music rendered In the presen
tation of the Chinese p'.ay, "The Cat and
the Cherub," and Mrs. Patrick Campbell s
Japanese play. "Mme. Chrysanthemum,
presented in London., has been engaged
by Klaw & Erlanger to compdse the
music for their coming production of A
Japanese Nightingale." to be staged at
Daly's Theater in New York in Decem
ber.
Rehearsals for "Alexander the Great,".
In which Louis James and Frederick
Warde are to appear during the coming
season, started Monday at Wagenhal3 &
Kemper*s studio at Orange. N. J. Tha
new play will be seen first in the West
and on the Pacific Coast, and later in
t.ie season will be presented for long en
gagements in Chicago, New York and
other Eastern cities.
Children's day— September 19 (Saturday),
piano and violin— 10 a. m. to 12 m., 2 to
4 d. m.
Further particulars of the examinations
may be obtained from the secretary. 128
East Seventeenth street. New York. This
conservatory, it will be remembered, is
the only one not run for profit that ex
ists in America and enters on September
1 on its nineteenth year. It was founded
by Mrs. Jeannette M. Thurber and has
the following distinguished faculty: Ra
fael Joseffy, Adele Marguiles, Leopold
Litchenberg, Eugene Dufriche, Irenee
Berge. Leo Schulz. Henry T. Finck. Max
Spicker, Charles Helnroth and others.
Goodwin In this firm's production of "A
Midsummer Night's Dream" as the ini
tial attraction. This piece will be staged
most elaborately. In one effect alone
more than 5000 incandescent electric lamps
will be used.
The National Conservatory of America
in New York will hold its annual entrance
examinations as follows:
Piano and organ— September 15 (Tues
day), 10 a. m. to 12 m.. 2 to 4 p. ra.
Singing— September 16 (Wednesday), 19
a. m. to 12 m., 2 to 4 p. m., 8 to 9 p. m.
Violin, viola, 'cello, contrabass, harp and
all other orchestral instrument^— Septem
ber 17 (Thursday), 10 a. m. to 12 m., 2 to
4 D. m. \
Another Wolfsohn importation of inter
est lo us Is Mme. Schumann-Helnk, who
during her concert tour of this season
will enrich the local proeramme. There
Is probably no contralto who would be
more eagerly welcomed here. Mme. Schu
mann-Heink's Ortrud, her Madeleine, re
main as amons the chief glories of th«
Grau grand opera season. The comic
opera rumor remains true. The singer
will make her appearance In comic opera,
as heretofore stated, in 1904. It is un
likely, Mr. Wolfsohn announce?, that her
concert engagements will permit Mme.
Schumann-Heink to appear at all in
grand opera thi3 season.
Jacques Thlbaud, the famous French
violinist, who may or may not reach her©
this winter. Is also in the Wolfsohn cor
ral, with Alfred Relnsenauer. a noted
German pianist, and Maud Powell and
Maurice Kauffanan, who play the violin
for the glory of America.
Among things on the coming season's
programme is none more welcome than
the engagement of Pablo Casals, the bril
liant young cellist who came here last
winter with Emma Nevada. Casals, who
Is at present touring in South America
with Harold Bauer, the famous pianist,
will be heard here this winter under the
management of Henry Wolfsohn. The
young cellist Is among the most gifted
artists ever beard here and his. visit will
be eagerly awaited by. those who have
once heard him and those who desire
to hear his loveliest of instruments played
as it should be played. South America
has now succumbed to the little wizard's
magic and since his season here Casals
has been conquering his native Spain.
A clever move has been made by the
St. Cecilia choral Society in securing the
services of Mr. Walter Handel Thorley,
the English director, as their leader. Mr.
Thorley's work as a conductor, both
choral and orchestral, has the cachet of
the leading London critics, and under his
baton the society should do some excellent
singing.
A good chorus is one of the musical
needs of the community. There is a
lovely literature that must be a dead let
ter in Its absence, from the oratorios to
such things as the Berlioz "Faust." and
Mr. Thorley's ambitions for the society
are of the broadest.
It should bo said that a meeting for
the reception of new members will take
place on Tuesday evening next at Cur
taz Hall, where the rehearsals are to b«
held.
Next Tuesday's programme is another
delight, its chief feature the •'Eroica"
symphony. What Mr. Scheel can tlo with
Beethoven the Eastern critics have been
superfluously trying to tell us since Mr.
Scheel's advent among them. But we
can again renew the keen pleasures of
his Beethoven conducting on Tuesday
next, and the rest of tne programme is
all to the good.
the Grand Opera-house, and at
the same time, 3:15 sharp. For the care
less It should be said that the doors are
closed during the rendering of the num
bers, adding notably to the comfort of
the affairs and the education of local
audiences.
ANOTHER change of dates i3
announced for the Scheel sym
phony concerts. Hereafter
they will be given on Tuesday
afternoons at the same place.
monotonous. • • • It is amusing, too.
in spite cf the author'* witness and
Dirk's repeated testimony how the audi
ences will persist in believing him to be
«n love with the minister's wife 'He' al-
"Oh. I have no doubt that there Is the
r.trasional minister that' would regard the
p:ay as fr^sh evidence of the profanity of
the . stage," the actor agreed, "but that
side cf It. I must confess, had not struck
me. Dudgeon is so truly religious. You
his utter respect for the rights of
others. You see his respect for the min
ister's religion after it has proved lts&lf
crnuine. You see his sensitive love for
Vj* little illegitimate girl. You see his
iearlessr.ess, his sincerity, his. heroism.
• • • Here again is another element of
dramatic, weakness. Dick delivers his
message as soon as he appears. There is
no development of character, you know
what he must do, being what he in, and
his ct/urse thereby becomes dramatically
"There is that ether side, too," I add,
"not all publics would 'stand for' Dick
Dudgeon's gospel; or rather, one should
ray for his peculiar fashion of express
ing it. One knows, of course, that his
is the pew God of Love, but It Is a little
startling to hear him put it that he Is
the 'devil's disciple* In his desire to word
bitingly enough his contempt for the
cruel fetich of his fathers. New England,
for example, micht object."
Llanees."
"Yet their determining characteristics
are the same," I hazard, "sincerity, an
essential nobleness, the self-sacrlficlal
genius, the hatred of cant."
"But Carton sold his birthright." Car
ton's best exponent asserted. Then, dig
ping an illustrative forefinger Into the
table cloth, and raising it In slow spirals
to an imaginary apex, he said: "Carton
begins at the base" in the play. He is
varice*ly wallowing when love for Lucie
Manet finds him, and it is through that
that he is redeemed. Dudgeon has been
brought up standing by the law of his
own nature and may not go against It,
gallows cr no gallows. Sucn light as he
baa he has lived by. Expressly he says,
and the author in his preface Insists, that
he is not governed in his sacrifice by lova
for Judiih. . He would have done as much
for any .other man In the town, or any
othrr man's wife."
"Therein he is by so mucn greater than
Carton, «f courser-"
"And by £o much less dramatically In
teresting." .the actor declared. The fas
cinating little stutter that Mr. Miller
sometimes indulges in proved effective as
he Pitt the" following: "Love cannot be
crushed^ out of us by a few cynics, you
know. Lord, if that Interest were to be
taken out of our nature, what would be
come of it** One must have ideals. Love
of what is hiph and fine is all that makes
life worth while. Think how dreary and
cold things would be without it. • • •
Dramatically, of course, the most appeal
ing passion is love. Carton, under the In
fluence of love, appeals much more widely
than Dick Dudgeon, under the governance
of an abstract Idealism. He does to the
public at large; he does to the actor, look
ing for acting opportunities. Even I my
self— '*-ell, there is a large share of senti
ment in my make-up. I suppose — "
"You did like 'Heartsease V " I ac
cusingly murmured.
"Ah, now, no!" the actor deprecated.
Yet memories of his romantic triumphs
as Eric Temple played about the Miller
mouth as he said: "There Is an Instance
of false sentiment, the pretty pretty. The
thVrg never rang true to me. Couldn't
"Tis base rru» t tal. Yet it draws. The pub
lic likes the play. And there is your hero
under titt influence of love as usual.
• • • T^e sentiment of Dudgeon, on the
contrary. lings true as a bell. I feel that
from what he is he must do Just what he
does. He Is absolutely logical."
"And Shaw has succeeded here In the
difficult feat of making a hero who Is out
of the love orbit—"
"But Shaw has not succeeded in mak
ing a fortune." Mr. Miller reminded and
regretted. Then he smiled and added:
"That will not worry Mr. Shaw, however.
He would probably regard it as signifi
cant of degeneracy to be rich. But — "
"But?" I prompted as the actor hesi
tated.
"Well," he began at length, then mod
rstly decided, "but it sounds* like a bid
for favor. I think I won't say what I
thought of saying."
"But we know you well enough here,
Mr. Miller, for—"
¦"For me to indulge in a complimentary
truth without being suspected of ulterior
intentions?" the actor completed.
His expression was charmingly confi
dent of his audience, as he acknowledged
then: "After all, yes, I know you do.
If I mav not ' say what I mean here.
where can I? It was this: As a specu
lative manager. I should not have dared
to take 'The Devil's Disciple* anywhere
«Ise. I eimply couldn't have afforded to.
But you have the right audience here.
You know where the people go to 'hear'
a play— the majority go to 'see' It— Shaw
is alwavs safe. There Is that kind of
audience at this theater. Your cultivated
interest is not divided among a score or
to of first class houses, you see. All of
the piay-going public Interested In the
best dramatic art may be counted on to
gather under this roof. And as I have
paid befri*e. it is a peculiar and independ
ent public, certainly responsive to genius.
I knew that it could be absolutely de
pended upon to appreciate Shaw, In spite
of his play's lack of sentimental Inter
est."
•<r HAD time only to remark how very
; well Mr. Miller looked and the actor
to reply, as we c*imbed the stairs
to the Columbia's • business office,
that he feared only that the coming
by-and-by would bring "too much of
him." before the subject of the week,
•"The Devil's Disciple," Imposed itself.
"Well?" the actor smilingly queried,
placing himself at the little table whereat
I had chosen to siL
•'Well?" 1 replied, Irish fashion.
"Dudpeon?"
"Of course Dudgeon."
"Now 1 think," Mr. Miller eagerly be
jra.ii, I as eagerly listening, and for the
cat half hour there was nothing but "the
devil's disciple." Dick Dudgeon, his mo
tives and motif; George Bernard Shaw,
the cynic, idealist, wit: Bhaw and the
publics— particularly San Francisco's; the
artois ar.d Shaw.
The Fii!:Jfct is as prolific of discussion
as the famous "Head of an Unknown
Woman." as the heavyweight champion
ship. It is as fruitful of argument as the
race suicide problem, as provocative of
1 actions as the color question. Shall we
camp with Shaw— "better than Shake
speare?" — or stay in the Bard of Avon's
tack yard? And if not. why not? Not
that in "The Devil's Disciple" the fam
ous Fab'.an'te challenges the comparison.
It is only in "Caesar and Cleopatra" that
Mr. {Shaw modestly suggests his superior
ity to the prior— "too previous," he wouid
I robably lightly phrase It— limner of Ju
lius. "Better than Wilde-cum-Pinero
eum-Fitch?" Mr. Shaw might character
istically sub-title "The Devil's Disciple."
Neither is this to say he would be wrong.
But Mr. Miller's "think" has been too
long left in air. It concerned the com
parison that has been maide between the
characters of Dick Dudgeon and Sydney
Canon in "The OaV Way."
"I think," the actor said, cruelly re
ducing me to a mere matinee girl with his
best "Heartsease" glance, "that -the dlf
lerences between Carton and Dudgeon are
ni'jch more marked than their resem-
WITH THE PLAYERS AND THE MUSIC FOLK
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, AUGUST 23, 1903.
Klaw ' & Erlanger*s New Amsterdam
Theater will open in October wI*h'N. C
When "The Bonnie Brier Bush" begins
Its tour next month it will open the sea
son" with the- 500th representation. J. H.
Stoddart has missed but one perform
ance of Lachlan Campbell since the open
ing night, two yeara ago.
Gossip Heard on the Rialto.
"So he has," I squared It for Mr. Mil
ler, "and whom better could we find to
talk about?"
As we hastened downstairs to the foyer.
Miss Anglin came forward with a charm
ing pout. "Mr. Miller will say, as he
once did in London," she smiled to me,
"that he had been talking about m« when
he had kept me waiting for a whole half
hour.'.'
we have come to expect that kind of en
terprise from Mr. Miller," I said for the
community.
- The actor answered: "I'm glad to feel
that. But it was the '^y'lnct of the shop
keeper, too, you know, mat made me pro
duce the play. I knew you'd like it. I'm
not rich enough' to d*o just what I please.
If I were I might even do Shakespeare."
Then he told me of the new play, "The
Taming of Helen." that he will produce
to-morrow evening; that it is not a great
but a pretty play; that it has never bored
any one and that there is not a shadow
of a doubt as to whether the hero is in
love with the heroine. Then we talked of
Margaret Anglin awhile, and Mr. Miller
shockingly remembered that he had asked
the actress to remain after rehearsal for
some last words of direction.
goyne's the character of the piece. How
Shaw loved him, dallied over him!
There's one line he has; you remember
it—"
And together, for each is Jealous of Its
Joys, a tenor and a modest mezzo rap
turously quote: "I believe I am Gentle
manly Johnny, sir, at your service. My
more Intimate friends call me General
Burgoyne."
"That is Shaw at his Shawest," I laugh,
while Mr. Miller's chuckles subside. "It
isn't Wilde, it isn't— well, it couldn't be
anybody but Shaw."
Then somehow the subject of the "tim
ing" of plays came up, perhaps conse
quent on Mr. Miller's expression, "the
melodramatic tempo."
"It's the time! the time! and again the
time!" the actor raid, his brown eyes
flashing Inquiry as to my appreciation.
He beat a measure on the table and again
enthusiastically insisted: "It's the beat,
the beat. .Each play has its different ac
cent, like a piece of music. Get its
rhythm and all goes right. You know
you can take the finest muglc in the world
and the finest orchestra, but their effect
will be futile without the right beat."
Then marking off an explanatory trlan
glo on the table he went on: "A play Is
a three-cornered game. There are three
actors, two on the stage and on at the
front who paid to come in. Here's the
stage. The problem is for me to set the
tempo of the play so that my beat will
set the man In front pulsing, and he in
turn give the rhythm to the third actor —
the one with whom I am playing. If the
audience does not get the rhythm the ac
tor will surely lack the impulsive Impe
tus."
"How do you go about trying to make
the audience act?" I asked curiously.
"It is more a matter of instinct than
Mr. Miller laughed as he subjoined the
following testimony to Shaw's prejudice
for particular characters. "Ah, Bur-
Then Mr. Miller agreed that perhaps
the "engaging British notion of mascu
line supremacy" — the supposed masculine
monopoly of certain virtues, abstract
honor, abstract heroism— had colored the
lady's portrait
"The character Is only a sketch," he
continued. "The truth is that Shaw has
tried to write a problem play in the mel
odramatic tempo. In melodrama there is
no time for character development. It is
away with the hero to the dungeon; to
the tower with the heroine; slap down the
pile driver; zip, z»P. zip!"— to the ac
companiment of snapping fingers, "and
that's all. Think how Pinero would have
handled that final situation. He would
have given Judith a scene. All she has
to eay, according to Mr. Shaw, to explain
her doubt of her husband, her repent
ance, her remorse <or her sudden passion
for Dudgeon, Is, "Tony, I'm ashamed.' "
"And I argue that he did not love the
lady or he would have allowed her to
explain." I persist. "Think of General
Burgoyne."
"But Shaw sees what he paints through
the Shaw prism— as Mr. Lackaye would
eay."
•ways is In love with 'she'— therefore Dick
must be. Of course, don't you' know, if
we saw a fellow around with a dark lan
tern and a mask, we'd feel for our
watches. And Dick has all the earmarks
of the passion— «ven to Mrs. Anderson's
pretty puritan eyes."
"How contemptuously Shaw pictures
her, by the way."
"Do you feel that?" the actor queried.
"£haw seems to me to have seen before
him certain types and pictured them
without prejudice." #
" "Another , thing I . wanted to say was
that every one is very grateful to you
for producing 'The Devil's Disciple.' But
"But I knew." he said. "That is the
trouble of producing plays yourself. You
feel the whole performance on your shoul
ders. You, in , a way, act ; everybody's
parts, even the scene-setters'. Foolish,
no doubt." :
"But also you are spared the annoyance
of bad stage management."
"That is the compensation," Mr. Miller
agreed. "But come in again -In three or
four days. You will find a different thing.
I Know now where the laughs come, and
all sorts of those small things, that make
for ease and smoothness. You know a
man enjoj'3 walking if his shoes fit. I
was acting in tight shoes the other nip-lit,
so to speak. I couldn't give myself up to
the pleasure of acting; it was hard work."
ingly— terribly— infinitely little atoms Just
painted on a Bpeck of whirling dust."
"I was thinking about that— or rather
something like it, this morning," Miller
said. "I wanted to get to rehearsal. The
Grand Army parade was passing. I was
Impatient until I remembered, 'Why, man,
this is a great big thing. Who are you
with your; little affairs? 1 And again, ono
probably needs the education of suffering.
One must suffer to learn. But what a lot
of drivel I'm talking." he laughed; ".Let's
return to'our muttons."
"Well, I did want to ask you." I said,
"if you were not rather nervous on your
first night? I thought you were, the new
play, the first night of the season and
so on." ' : ¦
j "I was unusually nervous," the actor
acknowledged, clasping his sensitive
hands. "You see, we hadn't had . quite
enough rehearsals to make the play go as
smoothly as it should."
"I noticed nothing," I consoled.
"To conquer one's environment, of
course. Is the thing," he said, and smiled
Infectiously. .-.- . *'.."'¦' '.<
"Wo talk of double natures," I begin.
. "Oh, a double nature would be terribly
monotonous!" Miller laughed. Then he
quaintly asked: "Is it that you that you
most frequently are which Is most you?
I'm sure 1 don't know what I am. About
that jack-in-the-box philosophy of ours.
It seems to me that what one most needs
to rub through life Is the appreciation of
its funny: side. It is necessary to keep
one In place." - , ' •'. "
."I find it occasionally useful to,remem
ber," I ventured, '.'that we are all amus-
46Independent Foresters.
ANEW lodge of the Fraternal Broth
erhood was Instituted in Alameda
by General Organizer H. C. Lewis
August 5.
Columbia Lodge gave a very pleasing
entertainment in the. Red Men's building
on August 3. It was enjoyed by a large
number of people who/ after listening to
the several numbers 'of an Interesting pro
gramme, danced until midnight.
Western Addition Lodge at its meeting
August 6 had several strangers to ini
tiate.
San Francisco Lodce of the Fraternal
Knights of Maccabees.
GDLDEN WEST TENT of the
Knights of the Maccabees had sev
eral candidates for initiation at
the meeting of August 11. This
tent has In the last six months initiated
more than 100 strangers and it is now
striving to increase from a little
over 300 to 500. As an incentive
to the members to work for the
attainment of . that end the tent
has offered the following prizes: A free
ticket to St. Louis, Mo., and return dur
ing the St. Louis fair; second prize, a
free ticket to Los Angeles and return,
with 110 added; third prize, a {25 suit of
TEMPLAR REBEKAH LODGE, on
the evening of August 15, gave a
"twirly-whlrly" party that was at
tended by more than three hundred
people. The twirly-whlrly was in the
nature, of an "at home," that had for
features of entertainment a basso solo
by Professor S. J. Sandy, Miss Nora
Sandy accompanist; a comic quarter of
an hour,. J. G. Becker; barytone solo, Gus
Olsen; comic songs, M. Bellamy; special
ties, Elton Lambert, •"the white coon":
violin solo, A. F. Worbes and trumpet
duet, Helneman and Stevens. The pro
gramme was followed by one of dances
and the serving of light refreshments.
The affair was carried out to a very suc
cessful ¦ issue by a committee 'composed
Fraternal Brotherhood.
M EMBERS of Sans Soucl Parlor.
Native Daughters of the Golden
West, to the number of thirty
five, tendered a banquet last
week to Mary Mooney and Dora Bloom,
who were delegates from the parlor to
th 0 Grand Parlor at Red Bluff. Leah
Williams, president of the parlor, was the
toastmistress, and after the supper there
v.iis a social hour and the guests of the
evening were called upon to respond to
t«ast5, as were also a number of the
members of the parlor. ¦
The following named have been in
stalled as the officers of Da.-lna Parlor
for the current term: Lucle Hammer
smith, past president; Frances Edwards,
president; Lottie Heinlcke. Mary Mooney
and Emma Dames, vice presidents; Mabel
Benjamin, recording, and Adeline Driscoil.
financial secretary; Anna Gerlchten,
x~^ ALIFORNIA Circle of the {Women
| of Woodcraft has had the : follow-
V_j ing named Installed as Its officers
for the current term: Mrs! Par
melia Ross, /guardian neighbor; Mrs.
Johanna Stayart, past guardian neigh
bor; Mrs. Bella Parks, advisor;
Miss Frances Dennechaud, magician; Mlsa
Grace Davis, musician; Mary Phraner,
Mabel McCrackin and Catherine Kavan
augh, managers; Mrs. Mary Davis, cap
tain of the guard; Melvina Schell, Claude
LaBerge, Sarah Pomeroy, Mary Fields,
Bertha Comstock, Mollle Burns, W. Sims
and Lulu Trimble, guards; Mrs. Louise
Cronin, outer and -Mrs. Lizzie Estees,
inner, sentinel and Mrs. Rachel Fried
lander, attendant. This circle is still' In
the forefront of the order in this city,
and is maintaining, its standard for fra
ternity, sociability, membership' and
finance. On the occasion of a recent
CHAIRMAN Stewart, Secretary
Brown and a. number of the local
deputies of. the San Francisco
board. Independent Foresters, have
recently visited the courts of this city in
the interest of. the large class Initiation
that will be held in Golden Gate Hall on
the night of October 19. In the presence
of - Supreme Chief Ranger Dr. Oronya-
The Rebekahs.
The camp of the Patriarchs Militant at
Paso Robles will be a regular military
camp. Tents, cots and all the necessaries
that are requisite for a camp hava bean
secured for that occasion*
Arrangements are being made for the
institution and mustering in of a canton
at Petaluma and one in Redding.
A new canton was organized and mus
tered in at Santa Cruz, August 22, by
Brigadier General H. O. Brower and hl3
staff. Among the visitors were passed
Brigadier Generals E. II. Black and J..
F Crosett.
SAN FRANCISCO CANTON NO. I
of the Patriarchs Militant. I. O. O.
F.. is holding weekly drills in this
city for the purpose of perfecting
itself; having the ambition of returning
to this city from Paso "Robles. where the
grand encampment Is to be held In Octo
ber, with a number of the trophies that
have been offered.
The Odd Fellows.
Native Daughters.
Woodcraft.
San Francisco Hive of the Ladles of
the Maccabees has changed Its open meet-
Ing nights from the last to the third
Friday of each month, and on such nights
San Francisco. Tent of the Maccabees will
act in conjunction with the ladles, so
that, in fact, it will be a joint open meet-
Ing. At such meetings there will bo. a
fine programme of entertainment for the
members of 'the two subordinates and
those they may desire to invite.
Lieutenant H. W. Ensign during the
last two weeks has mustered In a com
pany of the uniform rank at San Jose,
with twenty-eight charter members. L.
L. Rlley has been commissioned captain.
Then he mustered in one. at Santa Cruz,
with twenty-nine charter members. The
captain Is J. C. Doyle. He also mustered
In one at Haywards, with twenty-two
charter members. This one Is captained
by F. S. Cutler. The lieutenant will
shortly muster In a company at Alameda,
one at Fresno and one at Eureka. It
will not, be long "before the thirteenth
regiment* of the rank will be organized
in this State.
clothes, and fourth prize, $10. The prizes
are for»members brought In between Au
gust 1 and June 1 of 1904. The prizes will
be awarded to those bringing in the larg
est number of candidates in the order of
numbers.
visit by a grand officer to this circle, the
floor work was presented and pronounced
by the visitor to be perfect. The ball
this circle Is to give, and which had been
announced for the 16th of the current
month, will be given on September 16, in
Golden Gate Hall.
J Golden Cate Camp on August 17 initiat
ed five strangers In the full form with the
assistance of the camp's very proficient
drill team.
California Camp on August 17 initiated
three candidates and received two appli
cations. After the close of the camp, C.
N. Brown and his retinue of princes of
the orient conferred the Oriental degree
on a class of thirty-five who were anxious
to become princess. They were created
such, after the most approved form of the
ritual, and all were glad at the close to
meet the great Padishaw and congratu
late him and his assistants on the strik
ing manner in which they imparted the
mysteries of the order. After the con
gratulations, a collation was served. On
August 31. this camp will entertain xne
members of the visiting committee of the
order and will at the same time tender
a reception to the editor of the official
organ to show him that the camp ap
preciates the honor that has been con
ferred upon him, although he is not a
member of the camp.
Tamalpais Camp No. 427 will hold its
anniversary entertainment andball In the
assembly hall of the pioneer building,
August 24.
On August 21, the members of Califor
nia Camp, were the guests of California
Circle of the Women of Woodcraft, at
an "at home." '
Golden Gate Camp Is arranging for a
grand entertainment on October 9.
Supreme Councilor Tugwell returned to
this city on August 17 from Los Angeles,
where he was for several days In the In
terest of the order.
/~*^ OLDEN GATE COUNCIL, of the
| Order of Pendo at Its meeting
IT on the second Friday In August
had a short business meeting and
then opened the doors of the council
chamber to its friends, who enjoyed a
pleasant social evening. There was danc
ing until midnight, which was Inter
spersed with vocal selections by Florence
Morse, a recent arrival from London; bal
lads by Mrs. M. Colby and recitations
by Miss Mary Mack. During intermission
a number of prettily decorated lunch bas
kets filled with dainty things were distrib
uted. "\v. T. Jones. Mrs. A. M. Talt and
Mrs. Colby constituted the committee of
arrangements.
On the second Thursday In August
Grand Secretary Terry visited the council
In Berkeley, where six candidates were
Initiated. The visitor gave the members
a very Interesting and encouraging ad
dress In relation to what Is being done
in the order at this time.
Mission Lodge on August 14 had a large
attendance In Its new quarters In Excel
sior Hall to enjoy a programme of enter
tainment that had been prepared by a
committee consisting of Clara Augusteln,
Miss Baudot, Miss Fahrenkrug, Dr. Veal,
Dr. Rogers and A. B. Dygert. The num
bers on the list were: Orchestral selec
tions. J. Dvesscher, G. Fritz von Ohrman,
N. Mohr and J. Simpson; recitation, Miss
Camilla Bronlllard; exhibition of fancy
dancing, Miss Georgie Bacon; vocal se
lections. Miss Olive Reed; specialties,
Master Barron; vocal solo, T. McCarthy.
President Greer of the lodge was mas
ter of ceremonies. After the entertain
ment there was dancing and light re
freshments were enjoyed. This lodge
purposes holding an entertainment once
a month.
Brotherhood, after a short business meet-
Ing on August 14, opened its doors to Its
friends for a social. There was a largo
attendance and an admirably arranged
programme of dances under the direction
of B. F. Martin, floor manager, assisted,
by W. D. Evans and N. M. Halverson.
On the evening of September 14 this lodge
will have an open meeting, entertainment
and dance. • .
Grand Recorder Spencer Is authority for
the. statement {hat notwithstanding the
fact that the plan of new rates for as
sessments has been out for some time the
returns show a net Increase for July.
Carnation Lodge of the Degree of Hon
or will give a social on the evening of
august 28 at»d Silver Spray Lodge of the
same order will give one on August 23.
Deputy Grand Master D. S. Hirshberg
and Grand Recorder Spencer will visit
Hueneme and Ventura during the latter
part of August. They will also visit San
ta Paula.
Grand Recorder Spencer paid a visit
August 14 to the lodge In Stockton, where.
upon invitation, he told the members all
about the new plan under which the or
der Is to be conducted. He has also made
arrangements to visit tho lodges In A.la
meda County during the current month.
During the last week Grand Master
Workman Browning visited the lodgo in
Boulder Creek and met with a cordial re
ception. While there he attended a re
ceplion tendered to Governor Pardee, who
Is a member of the order.
GRAND ORGANIZER FREEMAN
of the Ancient Order of United
"Workmen has returned from a
trip to the southern part of the
State and he reports ' at headquarters
that after listening to a full explanation
of the new plan prepared by 'the supreme
body of the order the membership of
the lodges visited is taking more kindly
to it than was expected. '¦;'<.
Order of Pendo.
PERSONS WHO ARE WELL KNOWN IN LOCAL FRATERNAL CIRCLES
¦ i . .. .-..¦ •• ¦ ¦ . •
Ancient Workmen.
Sierra Council of Oakland will give a
smoker to Its friends and acquaintances
in its hall August 24. ,
Le Conte Council of Berkeley was
visited by Grand Regent Gunzendorfer,
Alternate Supreme Representative George
W. Dixon and others August 13. Two
propositions were presented and one
stranger initiated by Regent W. J. Phil
lips and his staff in a most impressive
manner. B. K. Denleigh having resigned
tue office of regent on account or de
parture for London, England, where he
will reside, the council in appreciation of
his services presented him an emblematic
jewel of the or^er. W. J. Phillips was
advanced from vice to regent and A. H.
Nettleton to vice, 'a he grand regent made
a forcible and eloquent address and there
were talks by others. The meeting was a
very successful one.
Ine visit of the grand regent to Ala
meda Council In the early part of August
was an agreeable and instructive one.
Grand Regent Gunzendorfer, accom
panied by his staff of deputies and mem
bers of the San Francisco, Oakland, Ala
meda and Berkeley councils, paid an of
ficial visit on August 12 to San Jose Coun
cil, where Acting Regent Dlnsmore re
ceived him with the honors due his sta
tion. The degree was conferred by a
special team composed of Past Regent W.
E. Benedict, A. F. Howell, T. G. Hodg
kins, W. E. Crist, H. V. N. Bay, George
W. Dlxon and Charles C. McDougall, the
last named being regent of Buena Vista
Council. After the meeting had been ad
dressed by a number of the visitors in
addition to the grand regent, a generous
banquet was served and a programme of
entertainment followed.
Golden West Council at its meeting,
August 17 initiated three strangers.
Under good of the order, the membership
was entertained with readings and im
personations by Past Regent A. F.
Howell.
Two new councils are being organized
in this city under the supervision of
Grand Regent Gunzendorfer. One will
be ready for institution early in Septem
ber.
ARGONAUT COUNCIL of the Royal
Arcanum has arranged for an open
meeting August 31. An entertain
ing programme will be presented.
Royal Arcanum.
AT the last meeting of Clover Leat
Chapter of Cloverdale Grand Pa
tron Lyman C. Byce paid It an of
ficial visit, being accompanied by
Mrs. I* C. Byce, matron of Morning Star
Chapter. The officers of the chapter dem
onstrated their proficiency in the work of
the order by the Initiation of seven
strangers in a most creditable manner.
The work of the evening was followed by
a banquet and congratulatory speeches.
The same grand officer and Mrs. Byca
paid an official visit on August 11 to Soto
ybme Chapter at Healdsburg. the home
chapter of Grand Martha Miss Annie
Beauchamps Barnes. The visitors were
extended a most cordial welcome. The
business methods of the chapter were
examined Into and approved, after which
there was the initiation of four strangers
in a manner that won for the officers tha
praise of the visiting grand officer. The
chapter that evening received four appli
cations to join. A most sociable time was
had after the close of the meeting.
Dr. W. A. Atwood, patron of Olive
Branch Chapter, left for the East August
IS on a three weeks' vacation.
The Eastern Star.
The following named have been selected
by Chairman Wilson of the committee
on class initiation to confer the degrees:
E. H. Hills of San Francisco Council,
president: A. K. Kingsford of 'California
Council, ex-presldent: G. B. Badgley of
Mission Council, vice president; R. J.
Walsh of Pacific Council, speaker; L. J.
Beicke of Mission Council, usher; W. T.
Thomson of Golden Gate Council, chap
lain; E. Sanders of El Dorado Council,
sergeant, and H. Baum of Yosemite Coun
cil, doorkeeper. This team will have its
first practice drill in the council chamber
oj. Golden Gate Council on the evening of
August 25.
At the whist tournament given by Pa
cific Council at the August meeting the
first prize was won by President Galvln
and the second by Joseph A. Wilson of
El Caoltan Council.
main hall of the Golden Gate Asy
lum. 625 Sutter street, on the evening of
August 28. A ball will follow the enter
tainment. Among the features will be
minstrelsy by the Berkeley minstrels and
the "whirlwind dance" by Misses Ruth
Wilson and Irma Roper.
San Francisco Council at Its meeting
August 20 obligated seventeen candidates
who will be given the three degrees In
full on the occasion of the class initiation
at the time Senate President Jeffries shall
visit this city in the latter part of next
October. .
PACIFIC Council of the National
Union has arranged for a high-class
I entertainment to be given In the
National Union.
MEMBERS of Courts Wiersdale
'and Lincoln of the Ancient Or
der of Foresters opened a whist
tournament last week, which re
sulted in a victory In the first of the
scries of five for the members of Court
Lincoln, with a score, of 440 to 230. There
are to be five evenings of whist, and the
court whoso members shall win three out
cf five will receive a magnificent silver
cup valued at $50. the same having been
donated by James H. Duncan, a well
known fraternal man of this city.
At the staled meeting of the Board of
Deputies of the Companions of the For
est of America held in the first half of
August there was presented a most grati
fying reccrt as to the general progress
of th« circles of the order. It was an
nounced that the members of the execu
tive board would pay an official visit to
Loyal Circle No. 179 on the evening of
August IS and one to Sherwood Circle
No. IS on the evening of August 19. The
members cf the Board of Deputies de
cided to accompany the executive on
these visits. On August 20 the Board of
Deputies paid a fraternal visit to Ivan
hce Circle No. 125 and a very pleasant
evening was spent. This was the first of
a scries of such visits that the board has
arranged for.
Sherwood Circle No. 129 gave an at
home on the evening of August 12 In its
circle room in the Alcazar building, when
the following programme was presented
for the entertainment of members and
guests:
Piano selections, Mme. ven Llnderman;
vocal selections. Miss Stewart. Miss Mur
phy. Miss Tina Cochran and M. Farry;
jsonjj and dance. Miss May Hughes: in
strumental solo. Miss Kate Tobin; reci
tation. M. Warwick: vocal selections, the
Orpheus Quartet; barytone 6olo. Ed Dris
coll. and ballads, E. Meyers. After the
several numbers there was dancing and
th<* serving of refreshments.
The Pan Chief Rangers' Association at
Sts meeting August 10 had a large at
tendance. On that occasion Past Chief
Ranger Edwards cf Court Bournemouth
was Initiated. The association has un
der consideration a proposition to give
a day and night at the Chutes, at wnJch
all members of the order will have an
opportunity to attend. W. J. Yarrow,
president of the association, read the
draft of a degTee for the association
which had been prepared by members
cf Court Occidental. It was appreciated
and pronounced one of the most beauti
ful degrees ever proposed for the order.
Court Occidental at a recent meeting
hf.d a large attendance, at which time
n valuable geld fob was presented to
P. E. Besslcker and a gold badge to W.
Bloss, members of the court, for ser
vices rendered to It. This court will have
nn anniversary celebration in Golden Gate
Hall September 17.
D. E. Hook of Court Eclipse, who was
recently injured in a lumber mill in the
interior, was sent to this city for treat
ment and placed In the care of Perma
nent Secretary Falconer, who procured
suitable quarters and attention for him
in the German Hospital.
Court Twin Peaks had a very pleasant
party in its hall last week and had for
Its fpecial guests the ladles of Twin Peaks
Circle. There was an entertali.lng pro
rramme of varied numbers and dancing.
Ancient Forestry.
Court Yerba Buena on August 12 had a
pleasing entertainment In Shlels* build
ing. A musical farce was the feature.
This was followed by dancing.
theka.
Deputy Supreme Chief Ranger Stewart
on August 10 paid a visit to Court Oak
land, which is securing a large class for
the big initiation. On the evening of Au
gust 13 he was with the Independent For
esters of Stockton, giving information
about the approaching High Court that
is to hold Its sessions in that city In the
latter part of October.
Deputy Supreme Chief Ranger Uber
will visit the courts In Humboldt County.
Mr. Uber Is the deputy for the southern
half of the State, but owing to the fact
that Deputy Stewart is busily engaged
arranging for the reception of the su
preme chief ranger, he will make the
Humboldt County visits Deputy Stewart
should, have made.
The grand president during the last
week has been visiting In the vicinity of
Downievllle. At that place the parlor
tendered her a pleasant reception and
manifested ability to do the work of the
order in a manner that won the officer's
approbation.
treasurer: Isabelle Jentzch, marshal;
Frances TTevilllan, Lucy Trevilllan and
Louett Dletz, trustees; Louise Graul, in
side, and Elizabeth McCarthy, outside
sentinel, and Elizabeth Tletjen, organist.
The Installing officers were District Dep
uty Grand President F. Edwards, assisted
by Katheryn McGough, both members of
the parlor.
Keith Parlor will give an entertainment
in its hall on Fillmore street on the last
Monday In August. An active committee
is arranging for a pleasant affair for the
members and their many friends.
On Wednesday, August 26, La Estrella
Parlor is to have a day and night at the
Chutes. At the last meeting of this par
lor Grand Secretary Frakes was a visitor
and addressed the meeting, which was a
large one.
Rio Del Mar Parlor recently gave a
poverty party, which was a great success,
so great that one of the members wrote:
"It rose In a night from poverty to af
fluence." The "invitations were a novelty
in their way, surpassing for, originality
anything previously issued by a parlor of
this order.
Laura Fox of La Bandera Parlor of
Sacramento has presented to Grand Sec
retary Frakes a paper holder for use In
her office. It is made from a leaf of one
of the palms on the State Capitol grounds.
Grand President Stella Finkeldey an
nounces visitations for the remainder of
this month and for October: August 17,
Greenwood; 19, Alta; 23, Conrad; 24. Ur
sula; 25, Amapola; 26, Forest; 30. Ivy;
October 1. Geneva; 2, San Andreas; 3,
Ruby; 7, Princess; 8, Golden Era; 9, Dar
danelle; 14, Occident; 16, Oneonta; 17,
Reichling; 20, Winona; 21, Blue Lakes;
24. Oro Fino.
the local groves. r 'i*.»
H. E. Griffiths, editor of the Concord
Transcript and an active member of the
grove at Concord, paid a visit to Grand
Secretary Martlnoni last week and re
ported the grove in good condition. AC
a recent meeting seven strafnsers were
Initiated and thirteen are waiting to re
ceive the third degree.
DURING the second week In Au
gust Noble Grand Arch Beck, ac
companied by Grand Marshal An.
tonovich, visited the grove of the
United Ancient Order of Druids in No
vato, where the third degree was con
ferred on a number of bards, after which
the noble grand arch gave Instructions
in the opening and closing in that de
gree. During the evening two strangers
were given the ovate's degree. Among
the visitors were Judge Thomas J. Len
non and S. Graham, County Treasurer
of Marin County. The grand officers then
visited Duxbury Grove at Bollnas and
there witnessed work In the initiatory
degree. From there they went to Olema,
where two candidates were initiated, aft
er which there was a banquet in honor of
the visiting grand officers. At that place
the noble grand arch gave the members
instruction in the manner of carrying on
the work of the order.
Last week the noble grand arch. In com
pany of Grand Secretary Martlnoni, vis
ited the groves of Tomales. Duncans
Mills, Guerneville. Healdsburg and Peta
luma. This week they will visit some of
The Druids.
ON the evening of Saturday. Au
gust 8, a number of tha members
of Golden Gate Lodge, F. and A.
M.. and of Golden Gate Chapter
of the Order of the Eastern Star, paid a
surprise visit to "William S. Moses, known
to every one In the Masonic fraternity as
"Uncle Moses," to congratulate him upon
the seventy-sixth anniversary of bis
birth, after which the representatives of
the lodge presented him a handsome sil
ver-mounted pipe, and Mrs. Frances Tow
er, on behalf of the chapter, presented
him a silver matchbox. Mr. Moses la one
of the earliest Masons of this city and he
and his wife are the founders of the or
der of the Eastern Star in this State.
Those present were W. H. T. Agard, Cap
tain Horace and Mrs. Tower. Garrett P.
and Mrs. Judd, Mrs. A. A. Hobe, Frank
A. Phelps, Mrs. H. B. Madison. Robert
Martin. Mrs. E. G. Parker, John Atkin
son, J. C. and Mrs. Linne, Mrs. J. B.
Ogilvie, A. H. Phelps, J. B. and Mrs.
Charleston, Miss Elsie Kelly. J. F. Fer
chew. Dr. A. Florence Temple, C. H. and
Mrs. Hasty, Miss S. A. Hobe, Miss A. M.
Hobe, Mrs. G. Schumacher, Carson Hln
kle, Miss Addle Mathews, Mrs. Francis
Peters, John and Mrs. Kelly, Mrs. Ham
mond Lewis, Grand Secretary Mrs. Kata
J. Willats, Mrs. Phoebe Stevenson, Miss
Louise B. Stevenson, Mrs. Mary Hacker,
Miss Emma Shayer and Mrs. Ada II.
Duncan.
After the presentations a social hour
was enjoyed.
Uncle Moses Surprised.
GOLDEN GATE LODGE of
the Knights of Pythias at a
recently held meeting con
ferred the knight rank on an
esquire and the page rank
on two strangers, after
which the following named were installed
as officers of the lodge for the current
term:
• W. R. Emerick. C. C; Dr. Joseph Ar-
Jenyi. V. C; E. S. Johnson, P.; B. Schiff.
M. of \\\; p. a. Mecredy, K. of R. and S.;
W. J. Lewis. M. of F.; M. A. Samuels.
M. of E.; M. A. Cumming. M. at A.; T.
l. Webber. I. G; R, E. Helnrich, O. G.;
Drs. \V. D. Clark and Joseph Ardenyl,
physicians.
This lodge has decided to have a social
meeting on the first Thursday in each
month, when there will be an entertain
ment and refreshments. The first of the
series was given August 6.
A new company of the Uniform Rank
was mustered in at Oxr.ard July 13 by
Brigadier General McGlashan, assisted
by ether officers of the rank. J. A. Driffel
was elected captain. Another company of
the same rank was mustered in at Lom
poc subsequently. Peter Paulsen was
chosen captain.
A r.ew lodge of the Knights of Py'nlas
was recently instituted at Richmond.
Contra Costa County, with forty-eight
Chaffer members, by F. E. Covey, assist
ed by members of Oakland lodges.
San Diego, Red Star and Loma lodges,
whose date cf institution falls in Septem
ber, have decided to have a Jotnt anni
versary celebration in San Diego Septem
ber 25.
The lodges of Los Angeles are arrang
ing for a grand celebration during the
month of September.
At a recent meeting of Amador Ledge
a number of candidates were admitted
into full membership, the ranks btlng
conferred by the team from the lodge In
Jackson.
Grand Chancellor Sargent is arranging
a list of visitations to the lodges of San
Francisco.
On August 8 Brigadier General G. F.
McGlashan, assisted by Brigadier Gen
era! Herman Schaffner (retired). Colonels
T. A. Nerney, George Samuels. R. F.
Burns. \V. J. Kidd and T. J. Crowley and
others, mustered in Jackson Company
No. C7 of the Uniform Rank. The officers
are: William S. Williams, captain; A. M.
Gall, first, and A. B. Caminetti. second
lieutenant; G. \V. Brown, secretary, and
KHUjuii Dennis, treasurer. The muster
ing in was followed by a banquet.
A company of the Uniform Rank will
soon be mustered In at Whittier, another
at East Oakland and still another at San
•Lrandro.
On the first Friday in August Eureka
Lodge No. 9 conferred the knight rank in
'long form on three esquires at the request
of Golden City Ix>dge. There was a large
attendance of members 'cf the order to
witness the very impressive manner in
which the team of Eureka confers this, as
well as the other ranks. This team is
captained by Past Chancellor Raabe.
Several of the officers of Eureka paid a
fraternal visit recently to Harmony
Ixidge, thereby carrying out in practice
wfcat is often preached, fraternity be
tween the lodges.
?
of Miss Grace Bray, vice grand (chair
lady) Grove Dennett, N. Thompson, Mrs.
O. Dennett, A. Behrend, Cora Gable, Bes
sie Munroe, P. N. G., and H. W. Ost
hoff, "tha funny man of tho Odd Fel
lows."
Amity Lodge on Saturday, August 13.
bad work In the initiatory degree with
seven candidates, which was performed
by Mrs. Ada Z. Stltes, the recently In
stalled noble grand, and her officers, in a
most satisfactory manner, proving that
the new officers have taken an Interest in
the work, as they promised they would
on the night of installation. The floor
work, under the direction of drill mis
tress Mrs. Antoinette Shaw, was pro
nounced beautiful and perfect.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, AUGUST 23, 1903.
47
ECHOES FROM THE LODGE ROOMmany friends In San Francisco, having
paid a visit to this city a winter or two
ago. The Whitakers have taken a house
at Vallejo street and Van Ness avenue.
Mrs. Hagner is the wife of an officer on
the Adams. The wedding occurred on
shipboard when the Adams was in San
Diego Bay. i'r/^i
• • • "
Miss Maye Colburn entertained a few
friends Informally at her home on Hyd»
street Thursday afternoon td meet Miss
Kohl of Burllngame, who has been spend
ing the last week with her. It was one of
ders in dark colors, and will have to get
used to it.
• • •
Sherrit Schell, who recently went East,
has returned to San Francisco/ Mr. Schell
had accepted a good position with a pub
lishing house In New York when he was
called back to California to look after a
small legacy which had been left him by
a relative in Southern California. Now
that Mr. Schell is under the paternal roof
once more in San Francisco his return to
New York is quite indefinite.
• • m
P. H. Fox, grandson of Senator Stew-
• ¦ • •
Mr. and Mrs. Alfred Sutro (nee New
w
Miss Helen de Young is wearing some
very attractive French gowns this sum
mer. A long coat of red doth, which she
wears with a red hat, is particularly
noticeable because It is cut In inverted
scallops around the bottom. The coat
Is perhaps eighteen Inches shorter than
the skirt in the back and extends In an
Irregular line to the hem of the gown In
front. The effect is extremely odd.
Mrs. James E. Spiers Jr. has returned
to the city after a prolonged visit in Los
Angeles very much Improved in health.
She leaves for New York and Europe
shortly.
• ---;'• -.'»
The golf tournament at Del Monte will
open August 21.
•Mrs. Clarence Mackay Is busy at work
on a second book, which will appear next
spring. She was much encouraged by her
previous effort and Is also Interested In
the work of improvement which Is beins
done on Harbor Hill. Mrs. Mackay still
wears deep mourning and does not go out
socially. The Mackays are at present at
Saratoga.
Ing hospitality from Urns to time at her
beautiful country place.
A TRIO OF WELL KNOWN SOCIETY YOUNG LADIES WHO ARE IN
THE NEAR FUTURE TO BECOME THE BRIDES OF THREE POPU
LAR AND WEALTHY MEMBERS OF THE SMART SET
The weddi.ig Is to be a church affair, fit
Mary's Cathedra* Ijaving been decided
upon, and the ceremonies will Include
mass. A large number of Invitations will,
of course, be Issued and relatives will
come over from Europe for the nuptials.
The color scheme will bo pink, and It
is expected that the arrangements j will
be 2.6 beautiful as wealth and good taste
will permit. -v v
Mirs de Laveaga will be a charming
brJde. She Is an extremely pretty bru
nette and enjoys more sincere popularity
than any girl I know who Is so young.
She will undoubtedly wear a white wed
ding gown. The bride will be attended
by a matron of honor, four bridesmaids
and two flower girls, but as all have not
been decided upon I cannot give the names
at present..
• • •
The trousseau of Miss Vesta Shortrldf e
will be an elaborate one, I fancy," as two
of the most prominent gownxnakers are
putting forth their best efforts and -will
be busy up to the time of the wedding,
the second wesk in October. Miss Shcrt
ridge will be one [ of the sweetest of brides.
The plans of the young people, for the
future are : still a -, little . indefinite. | Al
though Mr. Emile Bruguiere owns a large
cottage in Newport ; and is , building at
Monterey, he and- his bride. .will, live in
New York' a greater part of, the time.
When in San . Francisco they, will reside
at the new St. Francis Hotel, of which
Mr.. Bruguiere Is a director.- -
.••¦¦• • ¦ .
Mrs. Philip Worcester is being consider
ably entertained prior to her departure for
New York. Mrs. j John P. 'Jackson gave
her a pretty luncheon yesterday, and Mrs.
Howard Holmes will give her another to
morrow. . ...
On Tuesday Mrs. D. J.-Hoff acker will
give a tea at her home on Pacific avenue,
complimentary to Mrs. Worcester. .
The Worcesters have sold their home at
San Matco, as they will reside In New
York because of business Interests there.
Mrs. Worcester leaves on Thursday of
this week.
The United- states steamship Adams
—wended its way through the Golden Gate
on Wednesday and is anchored at Sausa
llto. As there are charming officers on
board, some of them accompanied by
• their, wives, it is safe to say, that the
Adams will be the scene of many, a Jolly
dance and. In return, the hosts will be
extensively entertained in town for weeks
to come. I :^}{4Sl' : - V/v, ; V
Major and Mrs. Rafferty will spend the
coming season in : San Francisco. '. The
Raffertya ¦ have-'- apartments at the
Crocker. ¦ • ¦ ¦ , • • . ...
-.•¦.'• •
Miss . Charlotte Russell has returned
from Del . Monte with her mother, ¦ Mrs.
E. J. de Sabla, and, after a. few! days in
town, will flit away in another. direction,
so that the date. of her marriage to Cle
ment Tobln cannot be'very close. at hand.
It i was pleasant to see the warmth with
An informal tea will be given this aft
ernoon ; by * Mrs. George G. Carr at her
new home, 2012 Broadway. No cards were
issued owing to the recent death of.Mr.
Carr's brother, but friends were asked by
telephone to come and meet the officers
of the French man-of-war Protet. Now
that the •¦ Adams' officers have arrived
they,' too, wiir be ; numbered among' the
chief guests. Mrs. y Carr ' : will be assisted
in 'receiving , by .two recent •brides, Mrs.
Hagner and Mrs. George W. Whltaker, : a
niece ' of the hostess. Mrs. ¦ Whltaker ' was
s^^ntly married . in tBakersfteld. but has
Miss Russell is a tall, statuesque blond,
with a typical California figure. She has
very light hair, large blue" eyes and a fair
complexion. Pink and blue must be Miss
Russell's astral colors, for she affects
them almost constantly and seems also
fond of white. Pastel, shades are unusu
ally becoming to Miss Russell and I hope
she will have plenty of pink and blue
people in her wedding procession.
which Miss Russell was taken up by Mr.
Tobin's friends at Del Monte. This was
quite to be expected, however, for the
bride elect has a charming personality (n
addition to her beauty and . stunning
gowns.
In these days of big theatrical achieve
ments it takes many more people to fill
a cast than was the case in the old days.
Ten years ago a cast of twelve people for
a comedy or even an ordinary drama was
considered rather large. The public did
not demand so much as la the case now,
and they were more complaisant with re
gard to that old fashioned device of "dou
bles." It used to be no uncommon thing
for the hero to "double" the villain, or
for the lovely heroine to stalk on In one
or two scenes as her own mother. All
this is changed now. There must be a
separate actor for each performer, and
he must bo well fitted to his part in
every case. This makes the list of peo
ple a long one In plays which do not pose
as "spectacles" In the accepted sense.
Take "The Earl of Pawtucket." for In
stance. This comedy deals only with
personages such as you may meet in
New York or London every day. and the
story, while interesting. Is simple. Yet
there are no *ewer than thirty persons
engaged in the production, including the
stage manager and workmen who are n»t
seen. It is conceded that a more smooth
ly working company has never appeared
on a New York stags.
Mr. Robertson presents a superb per
formance In all Its varied phases, delight
ful to witness and good to remember. As
Malsie Miss Elliott shows marked capac
ity to express depth of feeling and the
force of a determined character. "The
Light That Failed" is a performance con
ceived and carried out in the purest taste.
Theatrical Gossip.
White hats are so vastly becoming to
Miss Pearl Landers 'that • she ought to
have an exclusive right to them. Noth
ing so completely suits s her piquant style
of good looks as a white hat with ostrich
feathers. She wore a particularly pretty
one at Del Monte recently. Since her
formal bow to : society winter before last
we have seen Miss Landers so much in
white that It gives us something like sur
prise to. see her going about town lately
in . a dark ecru straw hat trimmed : with
navy blue ribbon and a" gown of dark
blue silk. . It Is a pretty costume of fig
ured blue and "white foulard trimmed
with graduated bands of- navy blue ¦ and
white lace In 'front; but the fact remains
that -n-a are not used to seeinc Miss Lan-
* • •
The R. E. Mulcahys have returned to
their apartments at the California Hotel.
Mrs. Mulcahy has been at San Rafael for
the last two months. .
• • •
Major and Mrs. Payson have returned
to the city and have taken j a house on
Webster street.' Mrs. Payson Is still liv
ing quietly owing to the death of her
¦mother, Mrs. Stewart, last year.
• • •
Mrs. A. G.s Stoll of Sacramento is at
the California Hotel.
• • •
A merry party of friends went down to
San Mateo yesterday to attend the chris
tening of Mrs. William L. Spencer's new
baby. A year ago last April Mrs. Spen
cer was Miss Alice Masten, a bride, and
prominent among her guests yesterday
were [ her bridesmaids. The festivities
ended with a tea at the home of Mrs.
Yuill, MrsJ Spencer's sister. Mrs. Yulll's
home is prettily arranged for entertain
ing. All of the Masten children were left
money with which to build a home, and
they seem - to have vied with each ' other
in getting original and artistic effects. •.-
those cozy, homelike affairs, vwhere the
fair guests may bring their work and en-
Joy a little chat over a cup of tea. -
* • * - »
Mrs. California Newton, who has been
spending the greater part of the season
at her summer home in Sonoma County,
Is : In town at present, but will soon re
turn to the country for a long stay. Mrs.
Newton gathers about her friends of cul
ture and refinement and extends charm-
Professor Graham Taylor of Chicago,
who with Mrs. Taylor went to London
six weeks ago, Is in the country at pres
ent. Professor -Taylor is traveling in*
leisurely fashion. . He expects to return
to London a little later and continue his
round of visits to places and people of
sociological Interest. Professor Taylor is
the distinguished warden of Chicago Com
mons and professor In one of the Chicago
theological schools. He has already been
entertained at Toynbee Hall and others
of the great London settlements. *
A number of ladles in" English smart
society are likely to lose many a pretty
penny In the future. New regulations
making it impossible for individuals to
appear at court more than once In three
years must necessarily do away with
many presentation fees. Women who
have made an income out of introducing
rich Americans will be able to ,ply this
trade only once in the three years. With
the exception of the ladies in the diplo
matic corps and other notable exceptions
the one chance rule will hold good. It is
said that one lady well known x in society
but who has "introduced" with particular
attention to quiet and to large fees Is
exceedingly annoyed]
art, Is now at Saratoga with his bride,
who was formerly Miss Byrne of San
Francisco. They are guests of "the bride's
brother, Thomas A. Byrne. The Foxes
have been residing in Washington since
their recent wedding at St. Mary's Cath
edral, but expect to visit Mrs. Thomas
Byrne, mother of tho bride, next winter,
as Mr. Fox has mining Interests to look
after in Mexico and Nevada.
The Countess of Warwick Is a country
neighbor and very Intimate friend of
Elinor Glyn, and is said greatly to desire
a trip to America herself. But Lady War
wick is kept strictly In England Just now
chaperoning her young daughter. Lady
Marjorie Greville. A fact hitherto un
mentioned in any paper Is this— those "on
the inside" think a match Is imminent
between ¦ Lady Marjorie and the" young 1
nobleman recently come of age. Lord
Howard de Walden. Lord Howard is one
of the richest peers In England, a great
amount of property having come Into his
hands from certain divisions of wealth
once held by Lord Howard's kinsman,
the Duke of Portland. Lady Warwick is
supposed not only to desire this marriage
for her daughter, but the story goes
that She desires It immediately. Some
persons go so far as to say the event has
already been arranged and that Lady
Marjorie, a debutante of this season, will
also be one of the season's brides. The
Warwlcks are hard up. and Lord How
ard de Walden is the "catch" of the sea*
son.
Elinor Glyn, the author of "The Visits
of Elizabeth," sailed for America on Aug
ust S for a six weeks' visit in the United
States. J. J. Van Alen, who met Mrs.
Glyn while on a recent trip to London,
predicts that the'visit will be a brilliant
one. Mrs. Glyn Is a strikingly beautiful
woman, with reddish hair and pearl-whlto
complexion. She Is a most delightful
dresser, and her clothes are simply after
the fashion of those worn by her sister.
Lady Duff-Gordon, who Is called "the
artist In dress." Sub rosa. Lady Duff-Gor
don has a- dressmaking business and is
frequently consulted by ladles of the
royal family.. Mrs. Glyn, unlike her sis
ter, is received at court. The business
connection excludes Lady Duff-Gordon. It
Is expected that Mrs. Glyn will be enter
tained at Newport and In New York by
the Van Alen and Astor relatives, by the
Twomblys and by Mrs. Ogden Goelet.
The visit may Include a run down to
Washington and a short trip to Philadel
phia. Mrs. Glyn regrets that the brief
time she can spend In America will not
permit of her going "West.
• • •
General Shaf ter has removed to SS25 Pa
cific avenue, formerly the Tatum resi
dence.
mark) are entertaining 1 their llttls daugh
ter at 2505 Gough street
The friends cf Miss Julia de Laveaga
and Andrew "Welch are looking forward
xi-ith sreat interest to their ¦ marriage,
which will take place In three months.
WHEN the debutantes
ccme out they are so
naive, bo fresh, so
delightfully enthusiastic
that it seems a pity we
cannot keep them ever
Just as they are. They are so free from
the pettiness which often characterizes
women who have spent their lives in the
Eoclal zoo that one continually hopes that
the new buds may prove exceptions and
keep the freshness that is their ruling
charm.
I regret to say. however, that some of
last winter's debutantes are already the
subject of discussion among their friends,
who accuse the newly admitted ones of
developing; "airs." I have in mind one
particularly attractive girl who came out
last winter and whose girl friends say
is now an "insufferable snob." The point
thefdrls make is that meeting people of
means has imbued her with the spirit
that makes for meanness; that she
didn't know many of the smart set a
year aero and Invited some rich girls
whem phe did not know to receive at
her Jomir.g out tea. One debutante whom
phe met at a tea the week before as
sisted her in receiving and the rest was
smooth railing. One by one her old friends
have been not cnly dropped but delib
erately cut -whenever the fair climber was
in the company of new friends. At the
theater recently with the fair possessor
of a fortune she is raid to have commit
ted the crime of snubbing girls who had
befriended her In times past.
One debutante of last season caused
her friends considerable anxiety at first,
but is new getting over her "airs." and
eays thjt eld friends are the best. I
think this change for the better is due
to her charming mother, who has mended
her daurnter's ways. It would be well
if more mothers would instill loyalty and
sincerity alcng with etiquette while pre
paring their daughters for a social ca
reer.
THE SAN FB ANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, AUGUST 23, 1903.
48
SOCIETY