PRICE FIVE CENTS.
SAN FRANCISCO, MONDAY, NOVEMBER 30, 1903.
VOLUME XC1V— KO.* 183.
JO URTH ASSISTANT
, POSTMASTER GBN
| ERAL BRI STOWS
report, giving in detail the re
sults? of . the investigation of
frauds intlie Postoffice Depart
partment/has been made public.
Accompanying^ it, in the nature
of a reviezt'j is a memorandum
by the President, praising the
thoroughness of Bristozt/s
wbrMy denouncing in unsparing
terms .'the officials who Juive
been exposed and promising
that every means at the disposal
of the Government will 'be used
to bring the guilty to punish
ment. In the report of Bristow,
the name of ex- Assistant Post
master General Perry S. Heath
is given much prominence. Con
siderable space is devoted to the
scandal involving the San Fran
cisco Postoffice, and in that con
nection some interesting facts
not hitherto known arc brought
out. Correspondence indicat
ing that blocks of stock in the
Montague Indicator / Company
were set aside for Heath is pro
duced, and it is shown that. ef^
forts were made to have Heath
indicted, but the District Attor
ney regarded the evidence as in
sufficient. •¦'.'¦. .
OFFICIAL WHO CONDUCTED THE POSTAL INVESTIGATION. CHIEF EX-
I ECUTIVE WHO PROMISES: THAT; THE GUILTY WILL BE PUNISHED.
AND FORMER OFFICIAL WHOSE NAME IS FREQUENT IN REPORT.
Continued on Pa$p 3, Columns 3 and 4*
BERLIN. Nov. 29. — Baron von Stern
bcrg. German Ambassador to the United
Btatcs. had an audience with Emperor
William at the new palace, Potsdam, to
flay. The Einbassador left for Hamburg
to-night and will sail from Bremen on
the steamer Kaiser Wilbelm II Decem
ber 1.
Earon Sternberg Starts to America.
tigatlons. Frequently drunken Indians
are jailed here, and - from , elsewhere in
the county comes complaint j of "their,
bad conduct because; of drink.' The
building, adjoining the jail, occupied by*
the County Recorder and Justice of the
Peace, was also burned, and valuable
LOS ANGELES, Nov. 29.— Two large
warehouses of the California-Vegetable
Union filled with goods were destroyed
by flre of unknown origin before day
light this morning. The warehouses
stood at Alameda street and . Slauson
avenue, at the extreme southeastern
corner of the city, and so remote from
the nearest flre company that, from the
time the flre was discovered there was
no hope of saving them.
Eight refrigerator cars . and one box
caij. all fully loaded, which were stand
ing on the packing house siding," were
also destroyed. The loss will amount
to $25,000; insurance, $16,000.
WAREHOUSES ARE LOST
IN EARLY MORNING FIRE
The conflagration was evidently
started by the attempt of the Indians
to burn their way through the walls
to freedom. The inside of the jail was
a furnace by the time people arrived
at the scene, and the absence of any
noise within told of the awful fate
that had befallen the youths of the
Yainax Indian School.
• An early messenger arrived at Yal
nax, conveying the news of the- tragedy,
and by 9 o'clock this morning a num
ber of Indians had arrived at Bonan
za. The town board held a meeting
and ordered every business house in
town closed. The people of the com
munity fear that unless the persons
who provided the youths with whisky
are punished to the full extent of the
law, harm of some kind will come to
the town from the infuriated Indians,
whose reservation is near by.
The Coroner and Deputy District At
torney are at Bonanza making inves-
KLAMATH FALLS, Or., Nov. 29.—
Yesterday the Town Marshal of Bonan
za, a little town twenty miles from
here, locked up two Indian youths for
being drunk. Three hours later the
Jail and county buildings were in ashes
and the charred corpses of the two
Indians were pulled from among the
debris. "
WASHINGTON. Nov. 23.— Former
Captain R. P- Hobson of the navy has
r repared a bill which he has requested
representative Wiley of Alabama to
Introduce in the House on the conven
ing of the regular session for the pur
pose, as he says, of making the United
States the first naval power of the
vorld during: the next eighteen years.
The bin makes a total appropriation of
$2,750,000,000. a certain portion of which
Is to be used each year for new ships.
Fifty million is made available for the
present fiscal year. $£0.00,009 for the
next and eo no. increasing by 510,000,003
t&ch year up' to 1915. when a lump sum
of $1,50 /.t'90,000 is made to carry on the
programme to 1023.
Jlerrimac's Hero "Would Disburse
Three Billions in Battleships
and Equipments.
EOESON'S GREAT PLAN
TO IMPROVE THE NAVY
Young Redskins Make
Attempt to Escape
and Lose Lives.
The. investigation made by Mr. Bristow discloses a condition of gross
corruption in the office of the First Assistants Postmaster Gener.al and in
that of the. Assistant Attorney General for the Postofflce Department. In
the 'case of the superintendent of free delivery. Machen. the evidence
shows that; his misconduct began Immediately after his appointment in
September, 1893. In the case of the general superintendent of salaries and
allowances. Beavers, It began soon after he was appointed to that place in
lSg'.^n the case of Assistant Attorney General Tyner it has gone on for
anumber of years, but it is impossible to say exactly when It began. A
melancholy feature of the case is that, with one exception, all the offend
ers have been for a number of years In the Government service..
The following ig a list of the fourteen postoffice employes. In the servlca
at the .time this Investigation was begun, who are apparently most seriously
Subsequently, some time in January, Information was. laid before me-,
by Mr. Seckendorff tending to show improper conduct by Beavers, general
superintendent . of the division of salaries and allowances, and Machen,
general superintendent of the free delivery system; and by William Allen
White, tending to show corruption by or under Tyner, assistant attorney
general for the Postoffice Department. First Assistant Postmaster General
Wynne also -informed me that he had become suspicious of the Integrity
of both Machen and Beavers. After full consultation with Mr. Payne it
was decided that Fourth Assistant Postmaster General Bristow should
make a thorough and exhaustive investigation of the charges in question,
and of all matters that might be'developed In connection with them. ilr.
Bristow's report is a record of as thorough a bit of investigating work as
has ever been done under the Government.
After % this investigation had been in progress for about two months it
became evident that legal proceedings would have to be undertaken
against some of the offenders. Owing 'to. the Importance of the case it was
deemed advisable that special counsel should be employed, and Messrs.
Charles J. Bonaparte and Holmes Conrad were chosen for this purpose.
Messrs. Bonaparte and Conrad, 'in their review of the report of Mr. Eri3
tow, speak as follows:
"We consider the report an exceptionally able, candid and Impartial
review of its subject matter and that it shows clearly reprehensible mis
conduct, amounting in many cases to crime, on the part of a number oC
public officials. It is a voluminous document, but this arises not from pro
lixity, but from the nature of the matters discussed. ? •';¦¦• We heartily
commend the report and deem its conclusions fully justified by the facts
it sets forth; .and while regretting in common with all patriotic citizens
that the grave abuses of long standing which it reveals should have grown
up In the Postoffice Department, we consider the exposure of these abuses
and the attempts made .to punish those responsible for them a work of the
highest public utility, quickly and j ably rerf ormed."
In all "that is thus said of the report of Mr. Bristow I cordially agree.
y>-' LONG LIST OF, IMPLICATED OFFICIALS.
It appears that in December, 1902, Postmaster General Payne and Con
gressman E.F. Loud, chairman of the Committee on the Postoffices and
Postroads, held verlous consultations regarding the postal service, and as
a result of these interviews it was determined that as soon a3 possible af
ter the necessary appropriations could be made by the Congress, an in
vestigation should be made of the service, both Messrs. Payne and Loud
agreeing as to the need for the investigation and the time when it should
take place. Accordingly an Increase of $5000 in the appropriation bill re
ported in January was made for the express purpose of carrying on the
investigation In question. The reasons for the increase in the appropria
tion were ' known only to the Postmaster General, to Congressman Loud
and to Congressman Bromwell.
BRISTOW GIVEN CHARGE OF THE Hi V EST1GA.TION
Interesting Revelations in the San
Francisco Scandal.
The other' letter, dated August* 21, 1902,, addressed to Richardson, says:
i . "Our friend at Salt Lake wants 'inclosed stock /drawn in the name of
Edwin R. w Bacon. Kindly issue new certificates and have these destroyed;
forward same to nie by registered mail." V/
The '.'inclosed stock" referred to in Beavers' letters consisted of 1000 of
the 2000 shares given -to Beavers, r • '; \ •
Ed win R; ; Bacon Is a, citizen of Louisville, 1 Ky., and Heath's 'uncle by
marriage. 1000 shares of stock issued- to Bacon was returned to the
company anonymously in a^ blank "envelope after the : investigation began.
Bacon 'says he- never 'saw .the 1 stock. ' /Heath -refused to make a written
statement, but. told'Inspector, Simmons " verbally* that he had never heard
of it and had ¦ nbTdirec t on . indirect^ in terest in ; the* company. . For this trans
| action Beavers, , Machen and - Erwin.'t postqffice, inspector, [were indicted. The
! District Attorney decided'that^ttieTevldence against Heath was not sufficient.
• Bristow says 'that, .eliminating,- all indications of fraud arid passing on the
case wholly as a 'question . of judgment, > the* transaction would have justified
summary removal .from, office of Heath and Beavers. 8®S§9
• The division of supplies and allowances, of which George W. Beavers
was head, and the division of free delivery^of which S. A. W. Machen was
head; were both involved in ' the ..transaction.
A company to manufacture and sell this device was promoted by W. W.
Montague, postmaster in San Francisco, and D. S. .Richardson, cashier in
that office. Not the . least interesting part of the report is the revelation
that Congressman Loud's secretary. H. F. Dodge of San Francisco, received
150 shares of stock in the letter box device company, unknown to the Con
gressman, who was himself Instrumental in bringing about the investiga
tion. ;
¦* Bristow tells how, in an effort to interest the department in the Mon
tague indicator, 1000 shares ; of stock' were given to- Machen. who had it
made out in the name of H. 'C. Sega r, 'and 2000 shares to Beavers. Segar
says he paid Machen $1200 for his stock. - There is mystery regarding the
true ownership of. the 2000 shares given to Beavers. It was issued in the
name of D. S. Richardson, and, at Beavers' ; suggestion, assigned to John
R. McDonough.' Bristow shows letters sent by Beavers .to Richardson.
One of them acknowledges the first dividend on the stock and says:
"I have not seen Mr. . Heath,': but iwill make another effort to-day."
'Intense public interest will be taken in the revelations made by Bris
tow regarding the connection of former First Assistant Postmaster Gen
eral Perry S. Heath with some of the most sensational transactions.
Heath has not been connected with the department since July 31, 1900, when
he resigned. He still continues as secretary of the Republican National
Committee. The general impression has been that Heath, was not indicted
because he was protected by the three years statute, of limitations. It
now appears that in' two instances his case' was submitted to a District At
torney for indictment, but the District Attorney decided that the evi
dence was not sufficient to justify, indictment. V ¦;",.{
, One charge against Heath had todo with the sale to the Postofflce De
partment of the. Montague indicator, a device attached to street; letter
boxes, showing the hour of collection. • ; ¦"¦'
CALL, BUREAU. 1406 G STREET, N. W., WASHINGTON, Nov. 29.—
The postal "graft," In all its hideousness, .was laid bare to-day in one of
he most remarkable Presidential documents ever published. President
Roosevelt "authorized Fourth Assistant 1 Postmaster General Bristow, .who
has had charge of the investigation of the, Postofflce Department, to make
public the result of his work, and as a preface to the report writes a long
memorandum epitomizing what has been accomplished and what will be
done in the future.
WHITE HOUSE, WASHINGTON, Nov. 24. 1903.— Memorandum upon va
rious papers submitted from the Department of Justice and the Postofflce
Department concerning the investigation into the corrupt practices obtain
ing in the Postofflce Department, notably in the office of the First Assist
ant Postmaster General, and in the'offlce of the Assistant Attorney Gen
eral for that department. All the documents in the case are herewith for
warded to ' the Postofflce Department land will be held ready for submisisoa
to the Congress whenever it may choose to ask for them.
Chief Executive Denounces the Men
Accused by Bristow.
Threats of iDJury to This
Country's Influence Are
Made Openly.
The correspondent of tfie Daily Mail
eaye that Admiral Alexieff, Russian
Viceroy of the Far East, has sent the
battleship Bottavla and three torpedo
boat destroyers to Chemulpo to support
Russia's demands for redress in con
nection with the recent affray between
Russian an* Japanese sailors, regard
ing which the Russian Minister at Seoul
maintains an unyielding attitude.
The Daily Telegraph this morning
eays It hears that Russia is trying to
purchase the two battleships Libertad
end Constitution, recently built In Eng
lish yards fcr Chile. The Libertad is
making her trial runs and could put to
tea at once, but the Constitution is not
yet finished. Russia, it is said, wants
these vessels to increase her Far East
ern squadron.
LONDON. Nov. 30.— According to the
Tokio correspondent of the Daily Mail,
a telegram from Tientsin to the Amlji
reports a sensational conversation be
tween Russian General Wogack and
Yuan Ehai Kai. director general of the
Peking Railway, in which General
"Wogack is reported to have said that
the demand for the evacuation of Man
churia was unreasonable and impossi
ble of fulfillment. Yuan Shi Kai re
plied to this that a third power would
never consent to accept such a view.
General Wogack rejoined that "a third
power" meant Japan, and that Russia
could easily crush so small and poor an
opponent at c-ne blow, adding that
China must accede to Russia's wishes.
Baron Hayashi, the Japanese Minister
to Great Britain, In an interview to-day
6aid he believed his Government con
sidered it to be in the interest not only
cf Japan, but of other countries, that
cither Yongampho or Wiju be opened to
foreign commerce. Japan, however, he
eaid, would negotiate such a matter
with Korea and not with Russia.
Acquisition by the Russo-Chinese
Bank of a large area of Government
land at Newchwang and the construc
tion of permanent administration
buildings undoubtedly will prove op
pressive to foreign trade at that port.
The Russian administration in New
chwang has openly threatened to in
jure by every means in its power the
influence and authority of the Ameri
can consulate, which has been the ob
ject of hostility on the part of former
administrators. The same prospect
awaits the opening of Moukden.
PEKING, Nov. 29.— By the successful
institution of the commercial depart
ments of the Russo-Chinese Bank and
by means of the Siberian Railway and
the extension of Russian influence to
all principal points in Manchuria, Rus
sia is now supplying this country with
butter, kerosene, flour, cotton and other
products. The Russians handle goods
identical with those coming from the
United States. It is the Intention of
the Russians to make a wholesale ac
quisition'of foreign trade in Manchu-
Special Dispatch to The Call
IMPRISONED
INDIANS DIE
IN FLAMES
It is reported that the supply of oil
in the Eastern States is steadily declin
ing. The Standard has been making
every effort to encourage the opening
of new fields, and the project of estab
lishing the largest refinery in the world
in the Kern River district is the direct
result of conditions In the East that so
seriously threaten the Standard's sup
ply.
It is known that work on the plans
has already progressed well nigh to the
point of completion, and the company
is even now preparing a site across the
Southern Pacific spur track, in proxim
ity to the great reservoirs recently built
for the colossal new refinery.
There are some urgent reasons that
have impelled the Standard to locate
its largest refinery in the Kern River
field. It is now common knowledge that
while the light oil from the Coalinga
field is readily transmitted -through the
pipe line to Point Richmond, the heav
ier product of the Kern River field is
not moved with equal facility.
In addition to the density of the oil,
which is a bar to rapid movement
through the pipe line, the company has
been having a deal of trouble with
sand, and in the past three weeks an
effort has been made to cleanse the
pipe line by running a distillate through
It. How successful this has been is not
known, but the company evidently
realizes that there will be always more
or less difficulty in transporting the
crude oil through the line.
The pipe line will be supplied with oil
that has been subjected to one or two
processes that will have separated the
heavy asphaltum, and that product will
receive final treatment in the establish
ment at Point Richmond.
BAKERSFIELD, Nov. 29.— The Stan
dard Oil Company is now having plans
drawn for a refinery to be constructed
in the Kern River field and which when
completed will be the largest plant of
its kind in the world.
Sp*dal Dispatch to The Call,
Influential Chinese prevailed on the
Government to send the boat again to
the rescue and she returned with four
Junks and 109 men, and on a* third trip
picked up three junks and five men.
Their appearance told a tale of extreme
hardship and physical suffering. It
was the same tale— no food, no water.
The Stanley's captain counted as many
as fifty-seven Junks drifting seaward
helpless, all flying distress signals. The
naval authorities dispatched three tor
pedo-boat destroyers and the * naval
water tank, which relived the suffer
ings of many rescued, and the torpedo
boat destroyers picked up several
junks. A Chinese cruiser also aided in
the work.
The fishermen estimate that of the
400 Junks 300 were disabled or sunk and
all tell of many men struggling in the
heavy seas and of the final disappear
ance. Thousands of lives undoubtedly
were lost. The typhoon came upon the
fishing fleet suddenly*. They * had
scarcely time to drop the sails, to haul
in their trawls when the swirling wind
was on them. With a clatter down
came the masts and rigging, littering
the flooded decks and swinging against
the bulwarks of the Junks. Huddled
together in fright the unfortunate Chi
nese waited for death, and hundreds
were swept from the decks. Many of
the Junks were sunk by the heavy seas,
foundering with all on board.
Signals of distress were flown from
what was left of masts or on the high
est point. Death stared all in the face
when the Stanley came to the rescue.
Frantic signals were made and when
the Stanley bore down on the unfor
tunates their joy knew no bounds. The
Stanley was bound on a regular cruise
with provisions for Wagalen light, and
her master, realizing the Impossibility
of relieving all the disabled craft, took
as many as he could in tow and took
off the crews of others. There was a
heavy sea running, but he managed to
get eight vessels in tow and picked up
122 men.
The Hongkong Government tender
Stanley, a Chinese cruiser, three tor
pedo-boats and the naval water tank
at Hongkong went out as a rescue
fleet and saved a number of the unfor
tunate fishermen, the Stanley towing
in more than thirty junks and picking
up nearly 400 men, who were suffering
terribly from thirst and hunger, for
the survivors had. been without;. food ¦
f&f from" two to five days. ¦'-'¦-' *
When the gale swept down on the
fishing junks the havoc wrought was
fearful. Rudders were swept away,
masts broken, sails ripped and general
destruction was rife. For days the dis
abled junks drifted helplessly about,
the crews suffering the pang# of hun
ger and thirst.
VICTORIA, B. C, Nov. 29.— While
400 Chinese fishing junks were lying
off Swatow on November 8. according
to advices brought by the steamer
Athenian to-day, . a typhoon swept
down upon them, as a result of which
at least 300 of the junks were disabled
or sunk and thousands of lives were
lost.
Special Dispatch to The Call,
Conditions in the East Re
sponsible for the Big
Project.
Warships Hasten to the
Scene to Take 'Aboard
the Survivors.
Gradually Shutting Out
Products of the
United States.
Proposed Refinery to
Be the Largest in
the World,
Gale Swirls Vessels
to Wreckage in
the Orient.
Russia's Grip Upon
Commerce of
Manchuria.
Kern River Fields
to Have Gigan
tic Plant.
Typhoon Disaster
Off China Ap
palling. J
TRADE LOST
TO AMERICA
IN ORIENT
OIL COMPANY
PLANS VAST
ENTERPRISE
THOUSANDS
MEET DEATH
IN THE SEA
PRESIDENT ROOSEVELT, IN REVIEW OF POSTAL FRAUDS REPORT,
DECLARES HIS BELIEF IN THE GUILT OF INDICTED OFFICIALS
Orpheum— "Vaudeville.
The Chutes — Vautlevills.
Alcazar — "A Poor E elation-"
Calif oraia— "aV ta»' Old Cro»s\*
Bo«d,> a th^ im *
Central— -"Tfc« Coniterfeit«ri.*,^.
Columbia— "¦W^>,^wn t -EMt." * |
Pischefs—- "X. O.' TT?*"^ •¦"¦*' ?" •-,.
Grand — "Over , Niarara Falls." ->
TBS THSATZS8.~
- THE WEATHES.
* -r z: — — *k
rorecast made--&t San Fran
cisco Ycr .-thirty , hours endlar
ruldni«rht, November 30:
..Saa^rrsiclsco and vicinity—
rair Monday; lisrht northwest
wind. a. h. wiiti,scm.
Local Porecaster.
The San Francisco Call.an increase in the allowance for clerk hire at
Prestonsburg. Ky., the postmaster being his
sister. A count was ordered and the report
showed the office entitled to $250 per annum,
but an allowance of $500 was made, which
afterward, at Langley "s 'request, was In
creased to $700.
In May. 1900. the member of Congress recom
mended an Increase In i the allowance at Con
yers, Ga.. which was ¦ then $40 a year. A
count was ordered and the report showed the
office entitled to $160 per annum: only $100,
however, was allowed. Afterwards, the Con
gressman called on Beavers personally and
the allowance was increased to $820. This in
crease of $720 was , paid to a clerk recom
mended by the Congressman. On July 1, 1902.
this clerk was transferred to another office and
the allowance was then reduced, to $100 per
annum, plainly indicating that the $720 in
crease In the allowance was made to give a
cleric employment and not because of the needs
of the offloe. ¦ ' -
At Port Deposit, Md., the postmaster was
receiving an allowance of $60 per annum for
separating purposes. On February 13. 1903.
the member of Congress asked that on account
of increased business the allowance be made
$500, and that Ethel VS. Colvin be designated
as the clerk at that salary. On February 17
he was advised that the Increase had been
authorized. On February 27. the postmaster
having refused to appoint Miss Colvin, the
Congressman wrote, stating that fact and sug
gesting that the allowance be reduced to $60,
which was immediately done.
The foregoing cases refer to clerk hire In
third and fourth class offices. A hundred
other similar cases could be cited.
Offices of First and Second Classes — It. was,
however, in offices of the first and second
classes that Beavers reached bis climax of
reckless and . criminal waste In the matter ot
clerk hire. Clerks were appointed in post
offices when they were not needed. Promo
tions were made without consulting the post
masters. Clerks were placed upon the rosters
of Dostofflces and paid when no service was
rendered. Changes were made In the titles of
clerks or emDloyes In offices In order to In
crease, their salary, while the duties performed
would remain the same.
LEASES
In five first-class offices assistant postmasters
have been designated as cashiers for the sole
purpose of giving them larger salaries than
they were entitled to under the law. Forty
eight clerks at first-class postofflces have been
receiving salaries of from $100 to $400 per
annum In excess of what they were entitled to.
Maurice Hooker was appointed a laborer In
the Dostofflce at Fredonia. N. T.. at $400 per
annum on January 1, 1902, and though he did
no work In the office he drew pay until June
30, 1903, amounting to $600. He employed a
substitute for a part of the time at an ex
pense of $150. „_.._ ,_
At Fredonia. N. T.. on October 11. 1899, the
postmaster was directed to appoint Frank P.
Ball as laborer, at a salary of $600 per annum,
which he did: and Ball was carried on the
rolls at that rate from October 12. 18dS. to De
cember 31, 1902, and paid $2532 07, for which
he rendered no service whatever, being en
gaged most of the time in the ticket brokerage
business at Dunkirk. N. Y. This period covers
a part of the terms of two postmasters: botn
of them, however, certified Ball as regularly
N. T.. John A. Link was ap
pointed a laborer In the postofflce on May 1.
1898, at $600 per annum, and drew pay until
June 30 1903, covering a period of more than
five years. He waa a barber and continued to
work at his trade during all that time. He
received In all S3100 55. less $1*1 pal* for a
substitute, for which he rendered no service.
At Baltimore, i^d.. on January 1. 1898 John
W Pettlt was appointed an auxiliary Clerk at
$200 per annum. He neither performed duty
nor drew pay until July 21, 1898. when his sal
ary was Increased to $600 per annum; and
from that date he drew pay regularly, but per
formed no*»ervice whatever. On September 30.
1890, his roster title was changed to "book
keeper" and his salary increased to $1500. This
salary was paid him by the postmaster until
September 9. 1002, although he performed no
services.. , _
The postmaster says he protested to Beavers
against the appointment of Pettit, stating that
he was personally distasteful to him and that
he would not allow him in the office. But at
the same time he certified his name to the
Auditor every quarter during the entire, pe
riod as a clerk rendering service. Pettlt was
paid $5130 96, for which he performed no ser
vice whatever. In these and all similar cases
known the amounts paid have been charged
against the postmasters who made iuch certifi
cation.
The leasing of premises and furnishing of
light and fuel for first, second and third class
postofflces are under the supervision of the sal
ary and allowance division.
Formerly leases were made usually for a
period of five years, with a proviso that the
Government might at any time cancel the
lease. If the Interests' of the postal service re
quired It. by giving three months' notice.
Sometimes It was found necessary to omit the
"three-months" clause" in order to secure tha
most desirable location, but these instances
were rare.
' In 1693 a law was enacted authorizing the
department to make leases for a period not
exceeding ten years. On November 2 following
the enactment of this law the First Assistant
Postmaster General, in a letter Intended as a
guide to Inspectors when investigating lease
cases, stated: -
"While the department has authority to ex
ecute a lease for a period of ten years. It Is not
deemed advisable to do so unless it can ba
demonstrated that a positive advantage to tho
service will be secured thereby." '
This policy, however, was not consistently
carried out.
Canceling leases. — At "Weenawken, N. J., on
July 1. 1900. a lease was executed for ten
years, at $500 per annum. Including all equip
ment, heat, light, etc. On July 1, 1902. eight
years before the lease expired. It was canceled
and a new lease entered Into for the same
premises and the same equipment at an' annual
rental of $800. . '
At Hastings/ Nebr., on May 1. 1897, m. lease
was made for -postof flee premises for a period
of five years, including light, heat, vault and
equipment, at an annual rental of $700 per an
num. In March the lessor was notified that
the lease would be canceled on June 30, almost
a year before its expiration. Shortly after thia
a proposal was accepted for another building
no more desirable, at a rental of $1800 per an
num. A most vigorous protest was filed
acalnst this action of the department by thosa
Interested In the canceled lease-, and the mat
ter was referred to an Inspector for investiga
tion, who, on April 17, 1901, reported as fol
lows:
"Viewed from the standpoint usually as
sumed by the Postofflce Department in the
treatment of lease cases, and eliminating all
questions of personal Interest. I am unable to
conceive what possible representations could
have -been made to the department in this case
to result in the entertainment and acceptance
of the proposition of Mr. Dietrich at the price
named ($1800 per annum). . The proposition Is
exorbitant, and the location one that If in com
petition with other propositions offering central
locations at two-thirds the price asked could
not conscientiously be considered."
As a result of this report the price for the
new "site was reduced to $1300 per annum,
with the - proviso that the department should
pay for moving and Installing the equipment
and provide heat and light. The office was
moved ¦ at an jxpense to the department of
$746. —
At Dunkirk. N. T.. & five-year lease was ex
ecuted March -1, 1899. at $450 per annum. In
cluding fixtures, with an additional allowance
of $115 for light and fuel, making $565 In all.
On October 15, 1901, a lease was executed for
a room fully equipped and furnished with light
and heat for $1350 per annum for ten years,
the "three-months' clause" being eliminated
On January 27, 1902. about three months from
the date of execution of this lease. It was can
celed and another executed at a rental of $1500
And on May 14, four months afterward, this
$1500 lease was canceled and another executed
for ten years at $2000 per annum, with the
"three-months' clause" eliminated. No addi
tional service was provided for in any of the
6ub3equent leases that was not included In the
original lease. - ¦
It will be observed that Instead of uslnsr
this authority given by Congress to make long
time leases to secure better buildings for less
money, it has been used for the benefit of
"grafters" who seek to pillage the public
revenues. v
Increasing Rental Over Amount of Proposal—
As a rule there is an active Interest in every
community in the location of the Postofflce
and numerous proposals are submitted by the
property owners. After considering the reports
of the Inspectors- and accepting one of the
proposals. Beavers frequently, at the request
of friends. Increased the rentals from $100 to
$500 per annum above that asked In the Dfo
pos&l. The records Indicate that many at
these arbitrary Increases in rent were made
upon the recommendation of members of Con
gress. A list ot over forty cases is submitted
where increases were made in this manner
The arbitrary increase of rentals by deoart
ment officers because of the political infln^Mi
or the lessor is a flagrant injustice to tS22
whose bids are rejected. It enables tn» «£T»
with a political or personal "pSr to hi2
lower than. others and then by intrigue secure
increased compensation. .Such a pofw " c no ?
only grossly unjust to the propmy owne™
whose proposals are submitted In good fStF
and fSSt^'V! d00r8 t0 ° fflclal «Won
BRANDT AUTOMATIC CASHIER
Prior to 1898 1 large-«ized postofflceo for con
venlem* in enabling clerks -to make ehmi
rapidly, were. furnished with "colntrav. •¦^?S!
price, of which ranged from $5^o ii^oend
ing upon the ,iz* and construction ' * P?n ?"
Durtos th« iummer of 1S98 a number of the
locate just. now, being busy on national
committee matters. Give my regards- to
all inquiring* friends, and believe me,
very truly yours,
"Q. W. BEAVERS,
"Superintendent.
"Mr. D. S. Richardson,
"Room. 7 Mills Building; San Fran
cisco." .
This was in Tebruary, 1901, and the
stock was still in Richardson's name and
apparently. In Beavers' -possession. Za
August, 1902, Beavers again wrote:
"Personal.) .
"WASHINGTON. August '21, 19C2.
"Dear Richardson: Our friend in Salt
Lake wants the inclosed stook drawn in
the name of Edwin B. Bacon. Kindly is
sue new certificates and have these de
stroyed. Forward same to me by regis
tered mail.- Tours very truly.
"G. W. BEAVERS.
"Mr. D. S. Richardson,
"Care Postmaster, San Francisco,
Cal." -
These letters were secured from Rich
ardson by the Inspectors. On the face of
the last letter is indorsed in lead uencil,
in tho handwriting* of K. E. E. Espey,
secretary of the company: "Editor Salt
Lalte Tribune." and, on the back, "133 3.
West Temple" and '*9th E. and Briarham,"
the first being* Perry S. Heath's office ad
dress and the second his home at that
time. The "inclosed stock" referred to
in the last letter consisted of 1000 of the
shares given to Beavers on December 27,
1899,
Edwin B. Bacon Is a citizen of Louis
ville, Ky., Heath's uncle by marriage,
and said to be one of his most intimate
friends. This 1000 shares issued to Ed
win B. Bacon was returned to the com
pany anonymously in a blank envelope
after this Investigation begun. Bacon
states that he never saw the stock and
did not know that it was In existence.
Heath refused to make a written state
ment, . hut stated verbally to Inspector
Simmons that he never heard of the
stock and had no interest In the com
pany directly or indirectly.
Machen alleares that .what he did for
this company was at the earnest solici
tation of ex-Congressman Iioud. Rich
ardson states that Mr. Loud had no pe
cuniary interest in the company; that he
never offered Loud any stock, because he
thought such offer would be resented,
but that he did g*ive ISO shares to H. F.
Dodge, clerk to the House Committee on
the Postofflce and Post Roads, but that
Loud had no knowledge of such dona
tion.
The evidence in this case-was submit
ted to the United. States Attorney for the
District of Columbia, and Beavers,
Machen and Erwin were indicted on Sep
tember 8, 1903. for conspiracy to defraud
the Government. The District Attorney
decided that the evidence against Heath
was not sufficient to Justify his indict
ment. '.. ¦ •. ¦ ¦
Metcalf made other unjustifiable and reckless
changes in dealing with the Wynkoop-Hallen
beck-Crawford Company, which ¦ resulted In
lews to the department of nearly $30,000.
Combination of printers— It appears from the
correspondence between J. T. Metcalf and J.
Horace McFarland.. that Metcalf was a party
to a combination of the four principal bidders
for the purpose, of raising the price of money
order supplies at the last letting. When the
bldg were opened It was discovered that the
prices of printing were advanced about 30 per
cent.- When knowledge of this combination
was brought to the attention of the Postmas
ter General he refused to approve the awards,
and ordered a new letting. The result was
that the combination went to pieces, and the
department saved $51,124 16 on the contract.
On October 5, 1903, J. T. Metcalf, N. R.
Metcalf and H. C. Hallenbeck were Indicted
by the Federal Grand Jury of the District of
Columbia for conspiracy to defraud the Gov
ernment.
Inferior paper used — The Investigation shows
that Inferior paper was being used In the
printing of the forma and that Metcalf, knew
this fact, but made no effort to require the
company to adhere to the specifications In re
spect to paper. . . . . :
which it was to receive 3^S cents per book.
Afterward, upon lietcalf's recommendation, the
price was Increased to 414 cents. - ¦
It was further discovered by tha Investiga
tion that Metcalf's son, who Is employed by the
company, was receiving 1 1-6 cents per book for
all of the books shipped by the company under
this arrangement." From December, 1899, to
May. 1903, he was paid $9547 17 in addition to
his leeltimate salary.
ALLEGED STEALS.
IN THE DIVISION
OF FREE DELIVERY
August W. Machen entered the postal ser
vice as a clerk in the Toledo, Ohio, postoffice
and was appointed assistant postmaster in
1687 by Postmaster George E. Lorenz. On
July 31, 1900, Lorenz retired from office.
1893 Machen came to Washington in the hope
of securing some kind of Federal position
under- President Cleveland's second adminis
tration. On. May 6,^1893, he was appointed
assistant superintendent of free delivery, and
on September 16 following he was made su
perintendent. At that time he was a bank
rupt financially, with numerous Judgments re
corded against him. When he left Toledo he
borrowed turns of money, from friends, promis
ing to repay these loans out of the first salary
that he received, which he failed to do. Vari
ous fraudulent representations were made to
secure loans, and uoon one occasion he even
resorted to f orsrexy; *
A simple statement of facts will give the
clearest idea of Machen's methods.
CARRIER'S STRAPS.
On September 10, 1893. four days after
Machen became superintendent Of free delivery,
he wrote the First Assistant Postmaster Gen
eral recommending that leather straps be sub
stituted for twine used by letter carriers in
tying up their mall, stating that to equip the
service would not cost more than $1750 a year.
The recommendation was approved, and Ma
chen ordered several thousand straps from
George I>. Lamb of New Haven, Conn. Up- to
the time of Machen's removal over 1,000.000
btraps had been purchased, at a cost of $137,
217 39, or over $14,000 a' year.
On July 24, 1900. the postmaster at Worces
ter. Mass.. wrote the department asking per
mission to buy carriers' straps from a local
dealer, stating that he could buy them for
about half the price the department was pay-
Ing. Machen refused this request, stating:
"The straps for this year were purchased of,
Mr. George D. Lamb, In accordance with con
tract with this office." -
This bcld statement was made In the face
of the fact that no contract 'bad ever been
made. Machen buying the straps from Lamb
at a price fixed by a verbal agreement be
tween them. . •
George D. Lamb is now dead and the busi
ness is conducted by George B. B. Lamb, his
son. who advised the lnspectors*that he knew
nothing of the details of his father's arrange
ment with Machen. but°that a man named. W.
C. Long appeared at his father's office at reg
ular Intervals and collected 2V4 cents for every
strap furnished. During the nine years that
these Ftraps were used Lamb paid Long con
tributions aggregating about $30,000. a part
of which has been traced Into Matchen's hands.
Long, Machen and Stern have been Indicted
by the Federal Grand Jury In the XMstrict of
Columbia for conspiracy to defraud in con
nection with these transactions.
CARRIERS' SATCHELS.,
Carriers' satchels are purchased under four
year contracts.
Beyle Contract — On June 25, 1S94. a oontrjact
waa executed with John Boyle & Co. of New
York for furnishing these satchels, beginning
July 1, 1894. The shoulder strap was a part
of the satchel to be furnished by the con
tractor. On August 18. 1894, Machen \ wrote
the company that straps would be furnished
them by George D. Lamb. During the life
of the contract 20,784 shoulder straps were fur
nished Boyle & Co.. upon which -Long and
Machen receive 2% cents each. ;- '-¦
The Boyle contract expired June SO, 1898,
and that year Machen awarded the contract to
Leopold J. Stern of Baltimore, a dealer In
plumbers' supplies. The specifications called
for* a satchel with leather etrap minutely de
scribed the earoe as the contract with. Boyle
& Co Yet Stern was supplied with 55.700
shoulder straps. Lamb continued .to -pay Long
a bonus on the straps, and Stern paid for be
ins relieved from furnishing. them. >-:-
Machen. Stern and Long were indicted on
July 31 1903 by the Federal Grand Jury In
tiw DMrict of Columbia for conspiracy to de
'"ci aw ford Contract— On June 30, 1902. the
contract with Stern expired, and a_ new - con
tract was entered into " for. a period of four
ieara fiom that' date with the Postal Device
an" Lock Company of. New Tork represented
bv W'il'am G-.Crawford of Washington. D. C.
CrawldroWasthe Deputy Auditor.for the Post
office Department under the last Cleveland ad
ni S;-bW» U SfS were. opened Crawfor'd.en
ifiSS*?hiService* ot George I* Lorenz of
Toledo Ohio, to aid him in securing the con
tract An Ksreement was entered Into between
£o%nz «Srt Crawford whereby Lorenz waa to
receive a specific amount on each -satchel as
M« share of the profits, and he was to fur
nsh Se strars. An analysis bf the accounts
shows that the money which was^pald to Lo- :
renr by Crawford was eubdlvlded between Lo
reSz Machen and Crawford. Machen and
mmwmsf
probably the most . skillful and
complex Scheme Invented by any of «th«/'pos-
Sl SStSS.™ It- consisted ot a double con-
EDlraw- First. Lorenz- and Machen conspired
with Crawford to defraud the .Government out
of the ~Ice of the straps: then Crawford eon-
° P lred with Machen and. Lorenz to defrand.h s
own company out of the profits on the .manu
facture of the satchels, while on the side waa
Long and v Matfien receiving a "graft on
8t On"july n 31. 1903. Machen. CTawford, Georgo
B." Lorenz and Martha J.Lorena were indicted
by the Federal Grand Jury In the District- of.
Columbia for conspiracy to defraud. ,,..-,
GROFF FASTENERS,
The Groff fastener Is a patented device for
attaching street letter boxes to. posts. No con
tract was ever executed for these fasteners.
They were bought by Machen direct. . This
method of attaching letter 'boxes was not a
necessity and in many places postmasters, did
not consider it satisfactory. The cost of .the
manufacture of the patent fastener was 25
cents each. For many years the department
pair $1 60, but the price was afterward * re
"ot the $123,651 25 that during eight years
has been paid the Groff • by the department,
Machen and Lorenz have received about $51,-
The Groffs. llachen and Mr. and Mrs. Lorenz
were Indicted by the Federal , Grand ' Jury in
the District of Columbia on June 5. 8 and 22,
1903, for consoiracy to.derraud and the offer
ing and receiving of bribes.
PAINTING OF STREET LETTER BOXES.
In 1897 Machen made a vprbal arrangement
with John T. Cupper of Lockhaven, Pa.,- to
paint -all of the letter boxes in the United
States, allowing htm 25 cents each, on -the
posts, 50 cents each for the letter boxes and $1
for the package boxes; if the work was done
by a local painter Cupper was to furnish the
material and . receive 38 cents ; for ' each • letter
box and 75 cents for each package boxj '
On July 24, 11)00, the postmaster, at} Spring
field, Mass., submitted a proposal from a local
painter to furnish the material and paint the
boxes In that city for 15 cents per letter box
and 25 cents per package box, costing In all
$32 26. I On July 27, three days afterward, 'he
was informed by Machen that John. T.: Cupper,
the contractor." had : been ' Instructed to arrange
Immediately' f>r painting the .boxes. , After
Cupper had completed the work the postmaster
was directed to ray him $100 50, more than
three ' times as much as asked by the local
painter. ."¦.- ' ¦ ¦' : -.;¦¦. -• ; -.'''¦:.. Y -,.i'- \
In May, 1002. the postmaster, at San Fran
cisco, Cal., asked r permission : to expend :$1SO
for material, to paint letter boxes. ' In answer
to th,ls request he was advised that John ;T.
Cupper of Lockhaven, " Pa., had been Instructed
to send him Kuffloleht ; material, far -.paintln*
the boxes, -and on September 10 he was direct-
I*. 51. Cushman. — At the same time that Up
ton vu operating In Chicago. L. M. Cushman,
publisher of the Columbian ol Boston. J!a*3.,
Casslup M. I'pton. — Caesiu* M. Upton, pub
lisher of a cheap . illustrated paper in Chi
cago, toucht tci extend hi* circulation by the
j.urzle' rlan. In one of tils schemes he rub
roitted the Initials of nine leading railroads
running out of Chicago, with the names of the
roads Fpellnd out. omitting a few of the letters.
He .off ered «3<w . reward for full correct an
swers to. the list. The condition wag that ia
order to .get a prize It ,would be necessary to
penfl 12- fcr a year's subscription to Upton'*
Illubtrated Weekly. .The puzzle was bo simple
that any. cne could answer it correctly.' The
result was that the SitW) prize would have been
divided up until the winners would receive lers
than 5 cents each, and this Upton failed to dis
tribute. He was arrested for uxlngr the mails
to defraud. Asu:ftant Attorney General Tyner
protested eg* trust the act lor. of the Postofflcc
Inspector causing the arrest. And upon Bar
rett's urgent appeal the Attorney General,
over the protest of the District Attorney, di
rected that the cate toe dismissed.
The administrative methods of Tyner and
P^Lrrett are ciearly illustrated in a numbw of
caeee which were passed upon by them.
K G Lewis.— E. G. Lewis of St. Louis. Mo.,
waa" conducting what is known as an "endless
chain" scheme. Barrett ruled that his scheme
was a lottery, but no fraud order was issued,
and as an acknowledgment of Barrett s l«nicnt
treatment Lewis presented him •with a gold
* Earauel Harrif.— Samuel Harris of New
Vork published in the papers a picture of an
«>ye then the letters D and A. followed by the
I-icture of a no*. The advertisement an
nounced that iiOO reward would be given to
any one who would correctly answer the name
of .the "State represented- In the picture. When
an'jenFwer was *cnt in the correypondent was
advised that under the rule? of the company it
¦was necessary before a cash prire coul J. be
Fiven fcr him to purchase one package of the
renowtied Curallne tablets, costing 50 cents.
After buying the package the victim was ad
vised that to creat a number had . answered
correctly that It became necessary to divide
the SlfW prire among them equally. The
amount due each would not exceed 2 or 3 cents.
A fraud order was issued against Harris,
but' after Barrett retired fiom Office he be
came • Karris' attorney. . had the . fraud order
revoked, aad Harris ran the same old business
lor months without Interruption. I
Prior to Kemrner's appointment as super
intendent of the registry system, manifold
books were not furnished to offices where less
than 2000 pieces of registered mail were
hcndled per annum. Kempner disregarded this
rule and tent these expensive manifold books
to third and fourth class offfes. The books
are made of material requiring careful hand
ling yet they have been sent to hundreds of
ofhees" throuchout the country that are kept
in small country stores and farm houses where
not more than twenty-five pieces of mall ars
reieietered m a yesr.
The. result has been that the cost of manifold
supplies for the fiscal year 1902-3 was $84.
7«>4 S5 as against $41,499 24 for the fiscal year
lftOl when supplied by the Public Printer, an
Increase of $43,269 61. After the books .were
cnoe adopted for general use the company ad
vanced the prices; to illustrate:
On October 9. 1002. 25 books were ordered
for Atlanta. Ga.. at a cost of $33, while on
the 15th of November, five weeka later 2o
books exactly the same, were ordered for
<«-d.~i' Utah for which the company charged
SrS On 'October 13. 1902. 100 books were
ordered for Boston. Mass.. for which the com
par^charled f 120 SO. while In April. 1903. 100
of the eame books were ordered for the eam«
city for which $165 v.as charged.
During the investigation it was learned that
Kempner had been receiving from Cuba nu
merous packages of cigars without paying duty
as required bv law. By an order of the Pres
ident dated November 10. 1899. .any one em
r.loved in the United States oenice in Cuba
l-M pennltVHl to rend gifts or souvenirs to
nfoten of his family free of duty. Kemp
tier had parties In Cuba buy cigars for him
and /end them to him by reGistered mall.
Marked "g:ia." thereby evading the duty,
i^tv-rfeht "ackages were received by Kemp.
r^r in' this way. many of which he sold.
Hi wiis removed October 25. 1903.
STRANGE METHODS
IN THE OFFICE OF
y TYNER "AND BARRETT
On June 1. 1902. Louis Kempner became %u
roxlrite-ndect' of the registry system, and un
der fcls administration books made by the Gen
eral Manifold Company have been used In a
lavish manner. The original proposition wan
to furnish a book containing 500 receipts for
:*2*i cents each. This book, however, was
never used, but in its stead a book con
taining 1000 receipts, which cost $1 10.
It was I^andvoigt's duty to pass upon the
m«T:?? and quality of the supplies furnished
by this company, and the acceptance., there
for-?, of a favor of this character was con
sidered hiyhly improper, and his resignation
was rt-^uested and accepted.
The Saw required the department to pur
chase manifold ' supplies from the Publla
Printer, but the Public Printer could not buy
completed books. Morton succeeded In hav
ing the law changed so as to authorize the
Public Printer <• to buy "completed manifold
fcook*." After this the use of books of the
Ocneral Mioiifold Company was extended bo
u- to include all books used in the registry
service.
In September, 19C1. George L. Morton, rep
resentative of the General Manifold Company
of Franklin. Pa., submitted a proposition to
furnish manifold books made of a patented
duplicating paper for the registry system. W.
H. Landvoijrt was then superintendent of the
system. After Mortc-n submitted this propo
sition, but before any books were ordered, he
I'roposed to secure Lan«Jvoigfs eon employment
•with the president of the General Manifold
Company. The proposition was accepted by
Lardvoigt, who considered it a great personal
favor.
Inking Pads. — For the fiscal year beginning
July 1. 189>\ upon fsUe statements of Louis
thr contract for inking pads wae awarded to
IV. C Long, at 15 cents each, in preference
t > 14-cent pads offered by Herman Baumgar
ten. Lone wai not a manufacturer, so ha
bought an inferior pad from Baumcartcn at
12 J *j cent* each. Lonis received a net "rake
•cfT" cf $1(525 on the year's business.
Fcr the fiscal year 1900- 11)01. M. D. Helm
had the contract for twine at 1 10 95 per hun
dred pounds; for the following fiscal year the
j>ric» dropped to ?7 45. During the closing
naOEtfai of the year 1901 when the price of
Hrlaa was J10 9S. and after the contract had
t«^n elven for the succeeding year at $7 <5,
Louis bought large quantities of the twine at
$•><) tt, which was carried over Into the next
.fWal year.
IFp was removed October 21. 1JKO.
. PURCHAEB OF MANIFOLD BOOKS.
For the fiscal year lSSrt<-93 no contract was
awarded for canceling ink, and from March.
1839, until the beginning of the fiscal year
1^12-3. Louis bought canceling ink from the
Ault & Vlhorg Company at 30 cents per pound.
6 cents hipher than the last competitive bid, 10
crr.ts fcijrher than was paid before Louis be
came superintendent, and from 4 to 9 cents
hicher than present cost.
¦ Contract for Canceling Ink. — Shortly after
L^uis was placed in charge of postoffice sup
plies the contract for canceling Ink was
awarded to Ault & Wfborg Company of Cin
cinnati. Ohia. at 24 cents per pound. 4 cents
l.igher than other bids. Much of the Ink fur
rtrh<rd by the new contractors was of Inferior
quality, but Instead of being returned to the
o-mpany It was paid for and burned or thrown
cv.-sy on the cttj dump. During the fiscal year
BLOOO itounds of canceling ink were bought
lrom the Ault & Viborg Company, costing $14,-
S*T 12. while during the previous year but 20.-
OU* j,our,ds hai ben usei, at a ccst of $4,302 65.
On April 17. IM>7. Michael W. Louis of Cin
cinnati was appointed cashier In the Kansas
City, Mo.; postofflce and was detailed to the
oT'Sjtmejit as actlnr superintendent of the
eupply division. The Civil Service Commis
sion was ack«»d to except the position Trom the
clawifled M-rWce. This the commission de
clined: but in July following it did give a spe
cial «xs.njination, allowing Louis a rating of
Mty Points for exrerience acquired during the
three month? he had l*«>n in charge of the di
vision. As a result of this rating Louis parsed
a successful examination and was appointed.
WASHINGTON. Nov. 29.— Fourth As
sistant Postmaster General Bristow's
report, giving in detail the results of
the investigation of official corruption
in the Postofflce Department, vrith a
review of the evidence obtained against
each person accused, was made public
lo-day. The report Is succinct and to
the point and unsparing In the frank
ness of its revelations. It takes up in
turn each bureau involved ia the al
leged frauds and reveals Just what the
inspectors were able to uncover. The
report follows: . ' -
FRAUDS IN SUPPLY
DIVISION COSTLY
i TO THE NATION
Mailing of Books. — In 1R99, upon ' Metealfs
recommendation. the Wynkoop-Hallenbeck-
CrawtonL .Company, wav given the contract : to
ship the money order books. to postmasters, for
For supplying money order forms for four
years from September 4. 1903. the bid of Paul
Herman was $11,94$ less than that of the
Wynkoop-Hallenbeck-Crawford Company. James
T.' Metcalf , superintendent of the money order
system, asked Herman to withdraw his bid bo
that the Hallenbeck Company, where his son
was employed, would get the contract. He as
sured Herman that If he did so he would have
him reinstated In the position he formerly held
with that company. Metcalf knew that such
withdrawal would cost the department about
$43.CO0. For this action of Metcalf s the Post,
matter General summarily removed him from
office. '
E. J. Arnold &^ Co., of St. Louis, Mo., were:
conducting what is known as a "turf Invest
ment" echeme. On' November 25, 1902, • the in-'
epectbrs. having investigated the company, 1
recommended that a fraud order . < be ' issued
against it. In the meantime the company
had* employed Barrett' as Its attorney and paid
him a fee of $5000. And instead of issuing a
fraud order Tyner gave the company a letter
of • commendation. Two days after Tyner
wrote thU letter Barrett received a check of
$1000 as an additional fee. The company failed
in February, 1903— assets, $75,000; liabilities,
$3,120,776.
J. J. Ryan & Ct>. — J. J. Ryan & Co. of St.
Louis was a kindred institution to Arnold &
Co.- In October. 1902, the inspectors recom
mended a fraud order against this company.
The. company was given a hearing by the As
sistant Attorney General's office and another
investigation by the Inspectors was requested.
In the meantime J. M. Johns, an attorney of
Rockville, Ind., made a proposition to Ryan
that for a fee of $5000 he could help him,
through his friend D. V. Miller of th* Assist
ant Attorney General's office. After some ne
gotiations it was agreed that $4500 would be
paid to Johns by Ryan If he would give him a
"clean bill" before the Postofflce Department.
This Johns agreed to do, and Miller secured a
favorable ruling for Ryan & Co., which' he
eent to Johns.. As a result of this transaction
Miller and Johns were Indicted. - ¦
Rifling of the Safe.— On April 21. 1903. while
the investigation of the Assistant Attorney
General's office was in progress, Mrs. J. N.-
Tyner, In 'a clandestine manner, admitted Mrs.-
Barrett and Mr. Hamner. a safe expert, Into a.
private room of the Assistant Attorney Gener
al's office, where he unlocked the safe and took
out all of the contents, which Mrs. Tyner car
ried off. What was In the safe no one knows
but the Tyners. Mrs. Tyner stated that she
went to the office and secured the contents of
the safe under the direction of her husband,
which statement he confirmed. Ab a result of
this episode Tyner was summarily' removed
from the office of Assistant Attorney General
and Christlaney resigned.
For elx years .under Tyner's administration
certain favored frauds and lotteries were given
free use of the malls. Barrett's scheme to re
sign and practice before the office, and Tyner's
part In that scheme, as set forth In the body
of this recort. was the climax of official per
fidy more evil In its results and more demor
alizing to the public conscience that outright
embezzlement or open theft.
Tynfr and Barrett were Indicted on October
5 by the grand Jury for the District of Colum-.
bla for conspiracy to defraud.
METCALF LOSES
HIS POSITION 'AND
IS THEN INDICTED
The Physicians* Institute of Chicago adver
tised a magnetic belt "free." To any one an
swering this advertisement a symptom blank
was sent to be filled out and- returned. In
every case this .. concern -. claimed that the
symptom sheet Showed such a complication of
diseases that the belt alone would render no
service; and' a package of. cpeclal medicine
was forwarded - in connection with the belt,
by express, C. O. D., $3 60.
When an Investigation was ordered the com
pany engaged the>Bervices of Barrett, and paid
him a fee of $5000 to ' represent them before
Tyner. On November 13, 1001, Barrett pre
pared a letter and sent- It.- to Tyner's home
address, inclosing a note "Indicating the kind
of a decision he .would 'like. A few days after
ward the case was disposed of as suggested
by Barrett In this note.
¦ TURF-IN VESTMENT COMPANIES. . i
PHYSICIANS' INSTITUTE.
The books of Barrett & Nelms «how that
during the first . flity-flve days of their part
nership they received $6600 from these bond
investment concerns. ¦ ' •
"There are only two ways of accomplishing
this: First, to take the matter Into the Fed
eral courts at a likely expense of $25,000; the
second, to «mploy Messrs. -Barrett & Nelms, a
newly organized law firm, who stood close to
the Tyner crowd, but if It was to be done this
way he wou'.d have nothing to do with It."
Pulllarn, however, was not so sensitive. He
employed Barrett & Nelma and contracted to
pay them $10C0 as a retainer, and further com
pensation of $000 per annum in monthly In
stallments. *• '"' *—
On the "1st of December, l!>00. Nelms ee
cured the approval of Tyner of a plan which
enabled it to operate Its business according to
the old plan, which Barrett In his opinion had
declared fraudulent. And on January 5 follow
ing Nelms wrote Bowman, secretary of the
company :
"I wish you would state to your board of
directors Just what I stated to you and- Mr.
Bronston when you and he agreed to pay me
$101)0 fee to get General Tyner to eay he would
approve the contracts submitted to him."
The issuing of this opinion of Barrett's
caused a panic among: bond-Investment ? con
cernSi K. G. Pulllam, of the American In
vestment Company, had employed ex-Secretary
Carlisle as attorney to represent him In his
effort* to prevent the issue of a fraud order.
Pulliam In a statement cays , that Mr. Car
lisle ad\-lsed him: v
Southern Mutual: Company — The Southern
Mutual case, of Lexington. Ky., probably
more clearly Illustrates the scheme of Barrett,
Tyner and Nelms than any other. Nelms was
tho attorney for the company. A fraud order
had been Issued against It by Assistant At
torney General Thomas on January 21, 1897,
but afterward revoked by Barrett.
A number of bond-investment companies were
In Washington during the holiday week of 1900,
but they could get no satisfaction out of
Tyner. But on the 31st of December, after 4
o'clock In the afternoon, they met Barrett by
appointment and employed him as their attor
ney. On the next day he presented the matter
to Tynor and had their certificates approved.
Early In the year 1900. Barrett and J. Hen
ning Nelme. an agent lor a bond-Investment
company, made a verbal agreement to enter
into & law partnership January l.^lttOl. Short
ly after this agreement Barretr- announced that
he intended to render a decision as to all bond
inveetment schemes. This opinion was ren
dered on December 5. 1900. and It held all
bond-investment concerns as fraudulent. But
while declaring ¦ them "Inimical to the postal
laws." Barrett 6ucgested that they be given
an opportunity —
"To make such changes as will eliminate
all objectionable features before further action
U taken by this'department In the direction of
depriving them of the use of the malls."
And the same mail that carried the opinion
with this suggestion to the bond-investment
concerns also carried the announcement that
Barrett had resigned and formed a law part
nership with Nelms. The result was that
many of the concerns Immediately sought^ his
services. In a letter to the secretary of -one
cf them, . written ten days before he retired
from office, Barrett said:
"I believe we can eliminate all the objec
tionable features In the couracts and put them
in such form that they will meet with the ap
proval of the department. Our fee would be
$1000 retainer and $100 a month for twelve
months."
On June 28, four days later, he again wrote:
"Had a long interview with the law clerk
(very satisfactory). He is a nice fellow and a
relative of Tyner's wife His name is Barrett
and he has charge of this matter of ours and
Is conducting the investigation. • • • I ex
pect a suspension order by about Thursday."
This letter was written on Monday, June 2S.
The fraud ordejr was revoked on Wednesday
the 30th. one day earlier than Vlllere expected.
After the fraud orders against these institu
tions were revoked bond-investment schemes
multiplied until there were several "hundred in
the United Statee.
Shortly after Tyner and Barrett were In
stalled in office eight of these bond-investment
companies, against which fraud orders had
been issued by Thomas, formed an organiza
tion and eent representatives to i Washington
for the purpose of having these fraud orders
revoked. G. A. Vlllere • of New Orleans, a
representative of these companies, on June 24
wrote the secretary of his company as follows:
"I have grot the strongest assurance that the
Government is our friend and will do all they
can lor us. Being sure of this I wanted to re
turn home, but Butterworth. Dudley and Tynep
himself tell me that I must stay here; that I
will be needed."
"Taese so-called bond-lnveetment schemes are
more dangerous to society than avowed lot
teries."
When the Louisiana Lottery Company was
broken up by the Federal Government a num
ber of bond-Investment schemes sprang up
over the country embracing' lottery features in
their methods of business.
Assistant Attorney General Thomas declared,
in 1899, that:
was also operating schemes of exactly the
same character, and en July 1, 1S99, Barrett
declared his schemes fraudulent, stating that
the case should be presented to the District
Attorney with a view of his Indictment. Yet a
short time before he had declared Jhe prosecu
tion of Ufiton for exactly the same offense
"-.vas unwarranted."
BOND-INVESTMENT SCHEMES.
Results of Months of Investigation Jtre Made Public and the Accumulated Evidence
Against Each Accused Person Is Succinctly y Reviewed.
Brandt-Dent automatic cashiers were placsd
in different postofflces for the purpos* of teat-
Ing its desirability as a change- making de
vice, and the postmasters were requested to
report on their desirability. At that time
Wlnfleld S. Strawrt of Canton. Ohio. - was the
superintend* nt of agencies, and George F.
filler, also of Canton, was the Washington
agent.
Judge George E. Baldwin of Canton. Ohio,
father-in-law of Miller, th< Washington
agent, was active in hi3 efforts to secure the
introduction cf the machine by the depart
ment. The methods employed to accomplish
this result are clearly set forth by the cor
respondence between Brandt, president of tn»
company, and Strawn and Miller, his agents.
On February 20. lbO9, Miller wrote Brandt,
stating:
•I am satisfied that we have the assurance
and friendship of both parties— General Hearh
and Mr. Beavers— and all that is necessary ia
to cultivate that friendship, if not by kind
words, by dollars and cents, and X think, the
latter will be the most positive; however, tha
lines we have out now will result ¦ in a
change of programme, which means our ulti
mate success."
Six weeks later Strawn wrote Brandt from
New York that Miller had left" that day for
Washington having •"succeeded In a plan to
effectively reach Mr. Beavers through a
Brookljn Congressman." -
On April 6. after a conference with Bald
win, his father-tn-law. In Canton. Ohio, Mil
ler wrote Strawn as fellows:
"Mr. Baldwin • • • says to find out if
possible exactly what this man Beavers wants
to insure our success in that department In tha
way of dollars and cents, but not to give it
to him unless forced to> do so: and when we
do' if at all. he desires to b« present in per
son himself and plan the agreement."
On May 1 Strawn wrote Baldwin, statins
that Brandt would like for htm to come to
Washington for consultation. In response to
this Invitation Baldwin came to Washington
and held a conference with the parties Inter
ested and as a result on May 9. 1399. an or
der was given by First Assistant Postmaster
General Heath for 25O machine* at $150 each.
The machines were exactly the same as those
that were selling In the open market for $125.
with the exception of a slight change in the
base After the 250 machines had been dis
posed of additional orders were given until
C27 machines had been purchased. 217 of
which were shipped to postmasters without r»-
at Chicago, on May 31. 1S99.
stated that ho could use but one In hla '<*««>.
yet on July 25. lees than two months later, nine
of these machines were sent to him and he was
ordered to pay $150 each for them. The.post
master at Keokuk. la., advised the department
that the machine was not P«^cai»l* and of no
value to hla office. On June 23. 1900, Beavers
"Relative to the automatic cashier in your
office, you are directed to put the same Into
active use. as it is the desiro of the depart
ment to have a uniform system in the matter
of handling cash In the larger POstofflcM.
It is difficult to understand what interest
the department could have la a systematic
method of making change in tha larger offlcea.
Nina of these machines were sent to Balti
more, and only four of them are In use; twenty
were shipped to Boston, of which only two ar*
now In use. the other eighteen being stored in
the basement of the Dostofflce; twenty wer»
sent to New York, only one of which Is userl.
the others being an incumbrane*. to t tie office
Of the 627 machines purchased. 1.3 are idle;
many of them have nevpr been taken from tns
cases in which they wera shipped. Th» aggre
gate amount of money paid to the Brandt-I«?nt
Company for these useless cashiers was iJ.t,.i.V
Eliminating from consideration all Indication*
of fraud and passing upon the case wholly as »
question of administrative Judgment. It ap
pears to me that this transaction would hav»
justified the summary removal from office or
First Assistant Postmaster General Heath and
George W. Beavers.
But the erement of frand cannot t>« elimi
nated. Men of ordinary lTrtelllgen** rarely
waste the public revenus in such * manner
without a personal motive. A bribe of $12,500
was paid Congressman Edmund H. Driggs t<>
Bflcure the order for 230 machine*. A part of
thia money has been traced . to the bank ac
count of Beavers. J
Driggs. Beavers and MlTTer h»v« been In
dicted by the Federal grand Jury In the city o£
the investigation of this eas» Inspec
tors Little and Oldfleld secured evidence indi
cating that Ernest E. Baldwin. Assistant
United States District Attorney for the South
ern District of New York, had knowledge of
the transaction* between this company tndof
ncers of the department. Ho was the attorney
for the company in a suit then pendms in tn«
Southern District of New York and had In his
possession the original $12,500 note.
The lnsoectors were given a written ora*r
by the president and treasurer of the company,
directing the firm of Boothby & Baldwin, of
which Ernest E. Baldwin la a member, to giv*
them access to any papers In th*1r possession
bearing upon the subject. When the Inspector*
presented this order to Baldwin he refused to
recognlie It. became very angry. *"<* wtth Z!°:
lent and profane language ordered them from
hl Tnere C % reason to believe that Judge George
B. Baldwin knows as much about this fraud
as any ftther party, not even excepting Beavers
and Driggs. He la at present Consul at Nurem
bur* Germany, and was not In thl« country at
any time while the lnvestieation wu In proc
ress. The Inspectors therefore did not bays aa
opportunity to Interrorate him.
ELLIOTT & HATCH BOOK TYFETWTEUTER9.
The Elliott & Hatch book tyoe-writer Isa
machine intended primarily to write In record
books. A company was organized to manu
facture and *»11 the machine. wlthJV »Uer P.
Hatch aa general manager. H. J. Oensler. oru»
of the stenographers of th» United States Sen
ate; was In August. 1S9J, fl«n the *f«7 '°*
Maryland, Virginia and the District of Co
lumbia.. _
The machine -was not a success. On Jum
ary 24, 1899. the postmaster at Brooklyn. N.
Y to whom three machines had beea sent,
wrote, asking that they be taken away, statin*
that they were useless and an incumDrane* to
hi* office. Th« postmaster at Chicago notified
the department that they were of no advan
tage to him: that the clerks could do the work
better and faster by hand.
The work done upon these typewriters was et
such an unsatisfactory character that the clerks
in the inspecting division of the auditor s office
protested against their use. Their protest was
transmitted to the First Assistant Postmaster-
General by A. L. Lawshe. actlnsr auditor^ sug
gesting that the use of the typewriter bo dls-
C °to I sStember 23. 1893. Genaler wrote Hatch
"'•rnave^Mr. Eylar-s letter d ! the 23d. con
cerning the No. 6 machine which was delivered
to the postmaster at Allentown, Pa., who only
wants tor>ay $173 for same. He does not 'cut
anv Ice' • • • T<** will notice from tn«
copy of the letter received by me this mominjf
from the Postofflce Department, sent you under
another cover, that the postmaster Mas been
authorized to pay $200 for that machine, and
you can bet that h« will pay It p. d. q. or he
4rin Y>* hauled up with a Jerk.
'GenTleA correspondence plainly Indicate*
that he had an understanding with Beavers to
furnish his machines when requested by post
masters But requests did not* come In fast
enotigh and Beavers famished the Elliott A
Hatch when other machines were asked for.
The postmaster at Erie Pa., requested an al
lowance of $150 to purchase a Fisher bock
tvDewrlter but tt was declined; and one weeK
later he was furnished an Elliott tt Hatch, for
which he was ordered to pay J20O. _
On October 80. 1899. the postmaster at Coun
cil Bluffs. la., asked t>ermls*ton to buy a
Remington machine at $110. His request was
declined but In March following he wa* for
warded an Elliott & Hatch and ordered to pay
On June 27. 1S90. the Postmaster at Ashe
ville. N. C. made a similar request with tn«
"^On October 25. 1S99. the Postmaster at r>«
catur 111 , asked authority to purchase a Smita
Premier typewriter* at $100. which was de
clined. He then asked permission to test a
Remlnston. which was also declined, but on
January 23 following he was ordered to pay
$200 for an Elliott &. Hatch. „„_,.
The Postmaster at Elgin. 111., asked permis
sion to buy a Remington machine, stating that
It was cheaper than the Elliott & ««<$• a " d
did his work more satisfactorily.- but ms re
quest was declined and he was ordered to pay
$200 for the Elliott & Hatch
The Postmaster at Kansas City. Mo- made
a stmilar request with ttie same results.
The Postmaster at Spokane. ™ •**«:• a -™£J
permission to buy a Remington. £ tat '"* V" 1 *
he could get one for $100: that the Elliott *
Hatch was not suited to the needs of his
office. He was refused permission to buy the
Remington, however, and ordered to pay $J»
for the Elliott & Hatch. •
A hundred other such cases can be cited.
Gensler. however, was not able »<!, in « u <?
many Postmasters to ask for the Elliott *
Hatch machine. From January. 1893^ to April
15. 1001. 193 of these machines were bought br
the department at a total cost of W8.3.5. Of
this number. 131 were sent to Postmaste.s
without requisition. ' ¦ ¦ ,..,
The investigation revealed the fact tnat
Gensler had a contract with the company bj
which he received $75 on . each machine- sow
to the Postofflce Department. From th.s *~>
he paid W. Scott Towers. «uPfr» nt « nd « nt r £-
Station C of the Washington Postofflce. $£.
and the Inspectors have evidence that Tow';,.
divided this $50 that fce received from GensS^r
equally with Beavers.
Towers and Beavers were Indictee^ I by ' t£
Crand Jury In the District of Columbia Octo
ber 1 and 5, 1903.
BUNDT TIME RECORDERS.
In 1R9O, while John TTanarnafcer wa»_£o»^
PERRY S. HEATH'S MAME IS GIVEN PROMINENCE IN THE BRISTOW REPORT;
OFFICIAL IN CHARGE OF THE INQUIRY IS UNSPARING IN HIS REVELATIONS
THE SAN FBANCISGO CALL, MONDAY. NOVEMBER 30, 1903.
Continued on Page 3, Column 1.
Anonymous charges were made against John
M.- Masten, formerly chief clerk to the First
Assistant Postmaster General. It was alleged
that while ho was chief clerk. he had solicited
bribes from clerks for promotions. . An investi
gation showed that the charges were not true,
and that C. B. Terry, a clerk in the supply
division, who had preferred the charges, had
submitted false affidavits; that Terry him
self had endeavored to Induce clerks to pay
him money under the pretense that he could
%ld them in securing promotions.
Terry has been removed by the Postmaster
General.
CHARLES HEDGES.
Charles Hedges was appointed an assistant
superintendent of' free delivery on July 1, 1898.
He was- made superintendent of city delivery
on July 1, 1901, and was removed by order
of the Postmaster General, July 22, 1903. for
loaning his traveling commission and making
false statements in his diary for the purpose
of collecting per diem to which he was not
entitled. C. T. McCoy, an assistant super
intendent of free delivery, who also falsified
hla diary, was permitted to resign,
H. H. RAND. )
H. H. Rand was appointed assistant super
intendent of the salary, and allowance division
In April, 1902. It was charged that Band was
interested in the promotion of numerous spec
ulative enterprises, mostly mining companies,
and that he used his official position to in
duce department employes . to Invest in his
schemes. A .thorough investigation failed to
sustain the., charge that Rand had ever solic
ited . departmental employes to buy stock In
any of his companies. .
JOHN M. MASTEN.
Charles J. Heller of Philadelphia, who fur
nishes badges for rural carriers, receiving BO
cents each, was required to give Machen 10
per ' cent on the gross sales, 'amounting to
$767 C5 in three years.
The. "Heller case" completes the record for
the free-delivery division wherein the inves
tigation has resulted in criminal proceedings.
Many of the frauds that yielded Machen the
largest returns, viz., those relating to pack
age boxes, Groff fasteners, letter boxes, and
straps, began during the administration of
Hon. Wilson S. Bissell as Postmaster General
and Frank H. Jonee aa First Assistant. A
change in the politics of the national admin
istration did- not retard the progress of his
corrupt operations, it -¦-¦¦¦
Machen does not seem to have considered a
day of reckoning as possible. Over nine years
of continued prosperity had given him confi
dence. He had passed safely through two
Congressional investigations, one in 1896, by
the Committee on .the Postdrflce and Post
Roads of the House, and one 'in 1897, by the
Committee on Civil Service and Retrenchment
of the Senate. He had deceived his superior
officers |hrough the administration of four
Postmasters General and a like number of
first assistants. But his schemes finally grew
to be so elaborate and their ramifications so
extensive that the atmosphere became charged
with suspicion. Damaging etorles affecting his
Integrity reached the ears of his superiors,
and this investigation was ordered.
MACHEN'S RAKE-OFF
ON CONTRACT FOR
CARRIERS' BADGES
John W^ Langley. . appointment clerk of the
Census Office,, on December 6, 1900. requested
v The postmaster at Duquoln, 111. .in Decem
ber, ' 1901, asked for an allowance for'clerk
hire. The postmaster was directed to keep ac
count of the transit mall handled which he
failed to do; but submitted a statement show
ing the local work of the office. He was In
formed that - no , clerk hire could be allowed
under the law for local work.' In March, 1902
the member of Congress recommended that an
allowance of • $5C0 per annum be * given that
orCce." and the request ' was ' compiled with
The amount -was afUrward Increased to $900
per /annum.': -Under the . rules of ;¦ the depart
ment, on the basis of a count made • in Au
gust. 1003. : the office was entitled under the
law to $60. - *• ' '- j .."-.'•
The amount allowed to third and fourth class
offices is ; based upon the number of pieces
of mall handled In transit. This appropriation
averaging over $1,000,000 annually, ha« been
distributed by Beavers largely by personal
favor. If a Senator, member of Congress or
any ..prominent politician whom Beavers was
anxlouB to please requested an Increase in the
clerk hire allowed a postmaster. Beavers would
comply, regardless of the merits of the case
To illustrate:
The appropriations for clerk hire are made
under two heads: ."For compensation of clerks
in first : and second class postofflces" and "for
separating mails at third and fourth class
postof flees." :.
In August 1897. George "W. Beaver* was ap
pointed chief of the salary and allowance I di
vision. Beaver's methods have been reckless
and without rule' or regularity. Increases of
allowances : for clerk hire in poetofflces were
made as matters of favor regardless of the
necessities of the service. Promotions were
frequently made without consideration of the
merits of the clerk promoted." . Long-time leases
for postoffice premises were canceled and the
rent increased i upon the recommendation of
prominent political leaders, sometimes ' without
regard to the rental value of the premises.
Sale of Promotions. — Otto F. Weis. a clerk
In the New ,York postofflce and an Intimate
friend of . Beavers, an' officer of the Postofflce
Clerks' Association, according to hla own story
collected from $8000 to $10,000 from the clerks
upon ¦ the pretense that it was to be used in
securing favorable* legislation.
Many of the clerks in the New Tork and
Jersey City postofflces stated under oath that
they bad contributed "o Wels' legislative fund
under the promise - of promotion. Frank C.
Hay. a clerk in the Jersey City postofflce.
states that Wela told him that this money
was to be. paid to Beavers after deducting the
expenses for collecting. , . "
CLERK HIRE. .
RECKLESS METHODS
OF BEAVERS IN THE
SALARIES DIVISION
The r , large boxes fastened to the letter .box
posts or ¦ other supports are styled package
boxes. They were first contracted for In 1893.
Isaac McGlehan was the real contractor at that
tlm« and has been since.
In 1897 Solomon C. Wynn. whose bid for let
ter boxes was thrown out upon the fiction that
Machen had a cousin Interested with him, was
also a bidder on package boxes, and offered to
supply them for $3 50 each. But the bid was
set aside with five others, ranging in price
from $4 to $8 per box, and the contract given
to McGiehan at $10 80. The evidence shows
that McGlehan paid Machen a "royalty" of B0
cents a box. McGlehan and Machen have both
been indicted. <»* ¦¦.•¦¦
PACKAGE . BOXES.
Machen and Scheble were ¦ Indicted by the
Federal Grand -Jury- In the District of Colum
bia, September 8, 1903, for conspiracy and
fraud.— '• ¦ ¦ -»••;. •
One Solomon C. Wyrm submitted a proposal
to furnish the various sized boxes at $1 75.
$2 25 and $2 75, as against the Scheble box at
$2 60. $3 25 and $5 25 each. Wynn. therefore,
became an embarrassing competitor. But
Machen was equal to the occasion. He stated
to Posynaster General "Wilson that he had a
cousin, Arnold J. J. Machen, of Toledo, Ohio,
who was Interested 'with Wynn in this box,
and that he did not think It proper for the
contract to be awarded^ to a firm in which a
relative of the superintendent of free delivery
was financially Interested. The Postmaster
General evidently was Impressed by the unself
ish devotion of Machen to the public Inter
ests, for Wynn' a bid was discarded, though In
so doing the cost of letter boxes during the
contract period was increased $51,553 80. The
profits on thte contract to Maybury & Ellis
aggregated something over $53,000, half of
which was given to Scheble, which the evidence
indicates was divided equally with Machen.
During the past four years 27,000 letter boxes
have been distributed on rural routes. They are
unnecessary, since every farmer's letter box
serves the purpose of both a deposit and a col
lection box. Postmasters wrote ' frequently
stating that the boxes were of no use, that in
many of them there was not a letter deposited
once a month. Nevertheless. Machen continued
to have them erected, and during the last four
years over $70,000 has been paid for letter
boxes on rural routes.
One of the most important contracts for free
delivery supplies Is that for street letter boxes.
These contracts are let periodically,' every four
years, in February, 1893. the contract was
awarded to Maybury & Ellis of Detroit, Mich.
Madhen became superintendent' of free delivery
in the . following September, bIx months after
the contract had been executed.
Maybury states that not many months after
Machen s appointment Eugene D. Scheble a
dentist of Toledo, Ohio, called on him and in
terested him in a patent he had acquired for
a new letter box. Maybury agreed to give
Scheble a 25 per cent interest in the contract
which he then held. Maybury, when asked why
he gave Scheble an interest in this contract,
stated that he thought there was merit in
Scheble's box. and that it might In the ruture
become n, troublesome competitor.-
It Is not reasonable to suppose that a man of
affairs like Maybury, who had at that time
served two terma in Congress and Is at present
Mayor of the city of Detroit, should volun
tarily deliver to a stranger from Toledo, Ohio,
one-fourth of his profits in so valuable a con
tract because he feared that two or three years
hence that man might become a dangerous
competitor for another contract, t
During the first year— that Is. before Scheble
had interested ; himself in the contract— there
were 2740 boxen ordered, for which the- depart
ment paid $8189 40. Maybiiry's profits, 'as near
as can | be . estimated, amounted '.to $3425 on
that year's business. During the. second year,
after Scheble became interested. 16.400 boxes
were ordered, at a cost of $52,526 25. The total
profits of the second year's business was $20.
500, of which 'Maybury received three-fourths,
or $15,375. and Scheble one-fourth, or $5215.
In 1897. when a new contract' was to be
made, the box "which MayUnry had"' acquired
from Scheble, known as the Scheble box. was
the one selected, and, as a result, Maybury &
Ellis were required to give him a B0 per cent
interest in She new contract. The evidence
shows that Scheble remitted one-half of his
profits in this contract to Machen.
STREET LETTER BOXES.
Charles E. Smith Caees — The cases alleged
to be for city delivery were bought of Charles
E. Smith of Baltimore, Md. They were ex
actly the same jib the Runkle cases in con
struction. C. Ellsworth Upton, an employe
under McGregor in the free delivery division,
took up with Smith' the matter of supplying
these cases. Upton submitted to him a sample
case and Smith told him he could furnish them
for 50 or 60 cents . each. Upton told him to
make a proposal to Machen at 90 cents, which
he did; and 20,000 cases were bought from
him at that price. Smith states that the profits
en all the cases he furnished was $11,450, and
that this amount was. divided as follows:
."Ma-chen, $4000; McGregor. $2000; Upton,
$2000; Smith. $3450.
Upton and McGregor were Indicted in Balti
more on June 25, 1003. for conspiracy to de
iraud.
Machen, Runkle and McGregor were Indicted
by the Federal Grand Jury In the District of
Columbia on July 81, 1903, for conspiring to
defraud. .
When the system of carrier registration
was adopted, Machen conceived tha Idea that
the carriers needed a. small case in which to
carry the registration book. He bought these
cases from Maurice Runkle of New York and
Charles E. Smith of Baltimore, Md., without
competitive bids. Those purchased from Kun
kle were safd to be for the rural delivery ser
vice. On October 80, 1902 21,000 had been
ordered, though at that time there .were but
11,000 rural, carriers in the service.-
Runkle was not a leather manufacturer, but
a dealer In clothing. He received from tha
department 90 cents each for the cases and had
them made by leather manufacturers, paying
from 25 to 2S cents each.' The 21,000 cases cost
Runkle $5,831 96, while the Government paid
him $18,908 30, making him a profit of $13,
074 34. Runkle paid Machen $2450 for worth
less mining stock and also gave McGregor, a
clerk In Machen's office, certain sums of
money.
Machen, Cupper and Long were Indicted by
the Federal Grand Jury on July 31, 1003, for
conspiracy t» defraud.
CARRIERS" LEATHER CASES.
Inquiry from about 500 fsee-dellvery offices
shows that the expense of painting letter boxes
for the six years prior tp Machen's agreement
with Cupper was 29% cents each. Since
Machen' s removal the boxes have been painted
In thirty-eight cities, * the average cost per
letter box being 23.7 cents, package boxes 61
cents and posts 9 cents each.
Cupper, when first Interrogated, denied that
he had ever paid anyone a part of the money
he received for painting letter boxes. I.ater,
when he was confronted with drafts which he
had paid to W. C. Long, he admitted that he
had paid him' 10 cents per box on every box
painted, or about $20,000 during the last five
years. Fart of this money has been traced to
Machen.
eS to pay Cupper $811 48 for material which
he had ninety days previously notified the de
partment he could secure fcr $180.
The manufacturers of letter boxes by the
terms of. the contract were required to paint
the boxes at the factory, but,' regardless of
this provision, Cupper was ordered in July,
1000, to paint all the letter boxes at the fac
tory where they I were made, and ha was ¦ paid
S16.227 50 for this work. .¦ *..
, "WASHINGTON, February 20, 1901."
"My Dear Mr. Blchardson: Tours of
February 6, with - inclosure, duly re
ceived. I will, hold the papers in your
name for the present until 'something*
decisive i is known. I am glad to • know
that the matter promises so well. I have
not seen , Mr. Heath, but will make an
other effort to-day. He is mlsrhty hard to
The Montague Indicator i* a devioe at
tached to street letter boxes showing* the
hours of collection. It was promoted toy
W. W. Montague, postmaster ' at San
Francisco, Cal., and D. S. Richardson, a
cashier In tlxkt office.
A company was organized In 1899 with
a capital stock of $100,000, consisting 1 of
20,000 shares, par value $5. Immediately
after the company was organized Rich
ardson and James VT. Erwin, at that time
a postoffice 1 inspector, •. visited ¦Washing
ton for the purpose of securing 1 the adop
tion of the device by the Postofflce De
partment. Richardson consulted Oeorg-e
W. Beavers, who told.hlm that to Insure
success he ought to * distribute stock
among 1 the officials who - had charge o2
the matter. Acting- upon this suggestion,
Blchardson ' srave Machen 1000 shares of
the - stock, who requested that Jit be is
sued in the name of H. G. Seger, and
Beavers 2000 shares, that were issued In
the name of Richardson. A short time
after s ; this gratuitous ';¦ distribution of
stock an order was given • for 7000 indi
cators at $4 25 each.
¦ Seger, in whose name the stock donat
ed to Machen was isued, says- he boucrht
this stock from Machen and paid him
$1200 for it. ,¦ There is a mystery, about
the . true ownership of. the 2000 shares
given to Beavers. Xt was Issued In the
name of D." S. Richardson, and at Bea
vers'suggestion assigned to John B. Mc-
Donoug-h. The first dividend, consisting*
of 8120, was forwarded to Beavers Feb
ruary , 6,' 1901, * and acknowledged by him
in the following* letter: -
"Personal.) ;• :.:' ;..-:¦ v'.V--"'
SUMS UP SCANDAL *
INVOLVING THE SAN
FRANCISCO OFFICE-
2
PyrosrraphF Outfits and thing* to burn
in wood and leather. We are agents for
WJnsor & Newton, makers of the best
artist materials In the world. Sanborn,
Vail & Co.. 741 Market street. :. •
To Cure a Cold in One Day.
Take Laxative Bromo Quinine Tablets. AU
d"ggls^refund the money if it tails to c£..
E. W. Grova's signature is on eaco box. z»The total amount that the perpetrators of
these frauds themselves received cannot be
definitely learned, but it will aggregate be
tween $300,000 and $400,000. while tho loss to
the Government, considering the unneceesary
•upplies that hare been purchased and the in
ferior quality of those furnished by fraudulent
contractors, cannot be estimated with any
degree of accuracy.
As the gross abuses have been brought to
light they have been promptly corrected by the
proper departmental officers. Contracts where
fraud has been discovered have been annulled.
As a result of the investigation four officers
end employes of th« department have resigned
and thirteen have been removed. Forty T four
Indictments have been found, involving thirty
one perrons, ten of whom have been connected
with the postal service. Attached to this re
port is a list of thos« who have been separated
from the sen-ice by resignation and removal:
also a complete list of the indictments and the
persons involved.
I cannot speak In too high praise of the
Industry and intelligence of the inspectors and
their loyalty to the interests of tho service.-
The success of the investigation Is largely due
to them. They have sought the truth with
eagerness and skill. Xo accounts have been
too intricate for -them to unravel, no labor
too burdensome to undertake. Under the. Im
mediate charge of Chief Inspector TV T llliam E.
Cochran they have worked in perfect accord.
A llFt of those who have been employed on th«
investigation is attached to this report.
The results of the Investigation demon
strate that all traveling agents of the depart
ment — such as assistant superintendent of sal
aries and allowances, of the free delivery ser
vice, the railway mail 6ervice and the regis
try system and inspectors — should be placed
under one organization.
A number of changes should be made In the
organization of the department In order to
provide a more perfect check on th« operations
of various divisions, and some restrictive legis
lation affecting the divisions of salaries and
allowance of rural free delivery, and possibly
others may be necessary. What the service
most needs, however, is honest. Intelligent and
vigorous administration. The corruption dis
closed is not due to lax laws, but to the dis
honesty of those who have been charged with
the reRponslblllty of administering them.
In closing permit me to extress my most sin
cere appreciation of the cordial support I have
received from you during the progress of the
Investigation. The hearty » co-operation of
First Aeslstant Postmaster General Wynne,
whose bureau has beeji so largely Involved, and
of Assistant Attorney General Robb, has been
of great value.
Bearers and his associates received lera than
$20. COO from the automatic cashier. Yet the
department expended $74,275 for this wholly
unnec?ssary machine.
Machrn probably did not receive more than
$26,000 from the Groff fastener. Yet the Gov
ernment hus paid approximately $130,000 for
that device, which represents a net loss, sinca
the department continued, by th© terms of the
contract for letter boxes, to pay for the orig
inal fasteners.
The syrtem of organized corruption that has
been disclosed began In 1893 and continued
until stopped by this investigation. The amount
of money secured by the corrupt officials and
their confederates Js email as compared to the
total loss to the Government. To Illustrate:
There is no evidence that Louis received any
compensation from Ault & Wiborg, yet during
the first year of his administration the expendi
tures for canceling ink Increased over $10,000.
It doe» not appear that Kempner received
money from the manifold company, yet the
cost of manifold eupplies Increased more than
$40,000 a year.
Barrett received but JCOOO from Arnold, yet
that company defrauded the people out of over
$3.con.ooo.
More than forty inspectors have em
ployed upon this work, sofcne of them contin
uously every day since the Investigation be
gan. The records of 1000 postofflces have been
examined and the flies of many divisions of the
department, covering a period of from «lx to
ten years, scrutinized.
For the purposes of this report, the Investi
gation ordered by you on March 7 has been
completed. In the preparation of cases for
trial where indictments have been found. In
formation may be secured which will necessi
tate further investigation and possibly involve
persons not now Implicated.
GOVERNMENTS LOSS
BY THE DISHONESTY
HARD TO ESTIMATE
No charge for lettering your nama In
gold on pocketbooks, card cases, cameras,
traveling sets, trunks, valises, dress suit
cases or any other fine leather goods pur
chased at our store. Sanborn, Vail & Co.*
ftrlH I MI I H-H-H-M II III !¦#
demoralized condition. A committee con
demned tho Ink in use and recommended the
ink purchased. The tremendous increase in
the regular postal service required the filling
of thousands of new orders in new offices as
well as old ones, arid the military postal ser
vice, necessitated the supplying of thousands
of offices In newly acquired territory.
Because I cannot be truthfully accused of
ever having received any reward, in cash,
bonds, stocks, presents ' or other form, while
I was In the department or since I left it,
for acts while in the Government employ, ap
pears to be especially disappointing to the au
thor of this report. But since much of the
report Is occupied with the cases of men who
have been tried and acquitted, I am willing
to trust the public to draw its own conclu
sions. I welcome the opportunity to publish
It in its entirely in the columns of th« Tribune.
1903 TAXES 1903
Notice is hereby given that th© taxes
on all personal property secured by
real property and one-half of the taxes
on real property will be due and pay
able on Monday, November 2, 1903, and
will be delinquent on Monday, Novem
ber 30, 1903, at 6 o'clock p. m., and un
less paid prior thereto, fifteen per cent
will be added to the amount thereof,
and that if said one-half be not paid
before the last Monday in April next
at 6 o'clock p. m., an additional flve per
cent will be added thereto; that the re
maining one-half of the taxes on all
real property will be payable on and
after the first Monday in January next.
and will be delinquent on the last Mon
day in April next thereafter at f
o'clock p. m., and unless paid prior
thereto, flve per cent will be added to
the amount thereof.
That all taxes may be paid at th*
time the first Installment as herela
provided is due and payable.
That said lazes are due and payable
at the office of the Tax Collector, New.
City Hall.
N. B. — For the convenience of tax
payers unable to call during the day.
this office will be open continuously
during the month of November from
8:30 a. m. to 9 p . m., commencing Mon
day. November IS, 1901
Taxpayers whose assessed valuation
is covered by mortgage will this year.
owing to the increased valuation for
State purposes, have a tax to pay.
and should in all cases ask for their
bills.
Taxpayers will greatly facilitate this
office and themselves by bringing last
year's tax bills. /
(Signed) EDWARD J. SMITH.
Tax Collector of the City and County
of San Francisco.
SAN RAFAEL, Nov. 20. — A wreck occurred
on the. North Shore Railroad at Tyrone, on the
Cazadero branch, last night. A work train
en route from Sausallto to Cazadero wm
ditched about one mile south of Tyrone sta
tion. Engine No. 11 was overturned and the
escaping stwm scalded Engineer BUney and
Fireman Fields. /
Why do some men oppose gras, ranges
in their home? The best answer wo can
give is. Why did the ancients kill the
man who made new inventions? We have
the latest in ranges. San Francisco Gas
& Electric Company. 415 Post street. •
JACKSON. Miss., Nov. 29.— Governor
Longino of Mississippi has the charter
of a proposed negro lodge of Elks under
advisement, and will pass upon it fin
ally to-morrow. The chances are that
the Governor will approve the charter.
There is considerable stir among the
Elks of Mississippi, and protests have
come in at a lively rate. Threats are
freely made by the Elks that they will
take the matter into the courts to have
the charter declared void if the Gov
ernor grants it.
LODGE OF NEGRO ELKS
APPLIES FOR CHARTER
Men like Louis, whose eupplies were pur
chased through a committee of three appoint
ed by tho Postmaster General, by public ad
vertisement, under the direction of the Poet
master General, he being merely the .distribu
tion clerk, are censured and made to suffer
for responsibilities they never had. When Louis
entered the service he found his division in a
The author seems to have studiously avoided
mentioning the Important fact that many. If
not a large majority, of these offenses oc
curred alter I had left the service. Nor Is
the slightest reference made to another Im
portant fact that I had heaped upon me ten
times as much administrative and executive
work, by reason of the Spanish-American war,
as I should have undertaken; or the fact that
during the time moat of the onus of performing
the military postal duties fell upon me, to
gether with the distribution . of much of the
patronage of the service In the way of appoln
ments, and that we had to establish precedents,
as we had no military postal laws; and,
lastly, the fact that if any one conjured with
my name for corrupt purposes I could not
know It except somebody told me. Xo inti
mation of the kind ever reached me till lately
throuch the press.
.1 shall not hesitate to publish In the Salt
Lake Tribune to-morrow . morning every word
of this report, and also every word of this
memorandum of the President, although there
Is not a syllable In them, exc^t official com
ment, so far as pertains to myself, that Is
news or new to the public. I hope ray ene
mies, as well aa my friends, will do s me tho
Justice to read It all carefully/* The ¦ news
papers have been kept informed and have been
publishing It all during the past year. That
which has hitherto been generally regarded
as newspaper criticism, It Is now revealed,
was official criticism In disguise.
It is no surprise to me to see tha denuncia
tion of me tn this report. The author of It.
from the time he entered the Postofflce De
partment up to the present moment, has, in
his official capacity, pursued me personally,
In season and out. as every one who has been
in public life in Washington during the past
six . years knows. Innuendo Is artfully con
trived and malice Ill-concealed throughout the
entire document as everybody familiar with
the facts may see. Its very opening pages at
tack my friend. M. W. Louis, an honest gen
tleman, as the report itself is compelled to ad
mit him to be, and It closes with impertinent
and intrusive animadversions upon my admin
istration.
he said
SALT LAKE, Utah, Nov. 29.— When
former. First Assistant Postmaster
General Perry S. Heath, now proprietor
of the Salt Lake Tribune, had read
the report of Mr. Bristow and the
memorandum of the President to-night,
Former Official Declares Malice Has
Actuated Bristow.
PERSECUTION, SAYS HEATH.
Two men passing rushed to the of
ficer's assistance or he would have been
killed outright. The physicians attend
ing Kilbourne say that death Is ap
proaching. Feeling runs high in the
city and If the Chief dies before morn
ing Welch may be lynched.
BAKER CITY, Or., Nov. 29.— While
Chief of Police Kilbourne was taking
James Welch to the city Jail for drunk
enness the prisoner suddenly turned
upon Kilbourne, who Is an old man,
and beat him fatally. Welch knocked
Kilbourne down, jumped on him, broke
three ribs and kicked out all his teeth.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
HONOLULU, Nov. 29.— Charles S.
Dole, nephew of ex-Governor Dole and
a noted Stanford University athlete,
has met with a serious accident. He
was out riding in the country yesterday
when his mount, a polo pony, fell and
threw him. Dole pitched on his head,
and it is feared suffered concussion of
the brain. His condition is critical, but
hopes are entertained for his recovery.
Dole was to have been a member of
the Hawaiian polo team which will
visit California and play a series of
games there next spring.
Chief of Polioe Is Fatally
Shot by a Drunken
Culprit.
Young Man Was to Come to
California With the Ha
waiian. Polo Team.
Lynching Threatened by
Citizens of an Ore
gon City.
Well-Known Stanford
Athlete Is Thrown
, From a Pony.
THEODORE ROOSEVELT.
No crime calls for sterner reprobation than the crime of the corruptionlst
in public life, and of the man who seeks to corrupt him: The bribe-giver and
the bribe-taker are equally guilty. Both alike sin against the primary law of
the state's safety. All questions of difference in party.pollcy sink into insig
nificance when the people of this country are brought"jface lo face with a
question like* this, which lies at the root of honest and decent government. On
this question, and on all others like It, we can afford -to have ho division
among good citizens. In the last resort good laws and good administration
alike must rest upon the broad basis of sound public opinion. A dull' public
conscience, an easy-going acquiescence in corruption, infallibly mean the ruin
of free Institutions. Self-government becomes a farce if the representatives
of the people corrupt others or are themselves corrupted.
Freedom is not the gift which will tarry long in the hands of the dishon
est or of those so foolish' 1 or so incompetent as to tolerate dishonesty In their
public servants. Under our system all power comes from the people' and all
punlsmnent rests ultimately with the people. The toleration of the wrong,
not th« exposure of the wrong, la the real offense.
In pursuance of this policy the individuals above enumerated have been
Indicted. In no case has the indictment been sought save where the officials of
the Government were convinced of the man's guilt, and In every case the Gov
ernment will exhaust every expedient In Its power in the effort to see that
justice is meted out to the offenders. Those in the public service whose duty
It is must ever be vigilant In the detection of wrong-doing, fearless In its ex
posure, relentless in its prosecution; but in the last resort, when everything
which the public official, whether legislator, Judge or executive officer, can
do has been done, It remains for the jury, drawn from the people and repre
senting the people, to do even-handed justice, shielding the innocent but de
clining to be misled by any plea into refraining from punishment of the
guilty.
CONVINCED OP THE A CCTTSED MEN'S GUILT.
All this is being done. The immediate reformation of the service by the
turning out of the offenders is not in itself enough to meet the demands of
Justice. The cases against both those within and. those without the Postofflce
Department who by their acts have brought themselves within the grasp of
the law will be pushed with the utmost vigor. Every effort must be made to
see that both the delinquent official and the outsider who shares his guilt are
punished to the limit of the law. • i
However, the prime need is not new legislation, but the punishment of
those who offend against existing laws. The Postofflce Department Is making
certain changes In the methods of administration, notably in the method of
inspection, by which the service will "be improved and the chance of corrup
tion existing wlthotit discovery be minimized; but the only way to meet the
real evil Is to punish the offenders by removal in any event, and, where pos
sible, by prosecution under the criminal statutes. In any great business,
public or private, wrong-doing.ls certain at times to occur. The way to guard
against It is rigorously to scrutinize the character of those appointed, care
fully to supervise their actions after appointment and, finally, to punish with
relentless severity those who go wrong.
The details of the corruptions are set forth in full in Mr. Bristow's report
and need not be recapitulated by me. As regards Messrs. Beavers and
Machen, the corruption took the form of bribery and blackmail in connection
with the purchase of Government supplies.
In the office of the Assistant Attorney General for the Postofflce Depart
ment under Tyner and Barrett far greater wrong was inflicted upon the
public than could be measured by a pecuniary standard, as in these offices
the corruption of the Government officials took the form of favoring get-rich
quick concerns and similar swindling systems; fh other words, the criminals,
whom it was the sworn duty of these Government officials to prosecute, paid
them for permission to fleece the public unmolested.
I heartily approve of the recommendation of Messrs. Conrad and Bona
parte that the statute of limitations be extended in the case of Government
servants to a period of at least flve years, for the persons who in such posi
tions of trust engage in corrupt practices can ordinarily conceal their guilt
for a longer time than is covered by the present short statute of limitations.
This recommendation has been laid before* the Congress In the report of the
Attorney General, and it is earnestly hoped that it will be acted upon favor
ably. Moreover, our experience shows that outsiders claiming political influ
ence sometimes sell their influence to candidates for office — or, In other
words,' 1 blackmail these candidates. There should be legislation which will
permit of summary dealing with such offenders.
The three chief offenders in the Government service were Tyner, Machen
and Beavers. The friends of Tyner have advanced the theory that in his
case the chief offender was really his nephew by marriage, Barrett, who was
his assistant In the office for a part of the time, and that Tyner's offenses are
due to his falling bodily and mental powers. The facts set forth in Mr. Bris
tow's report do. not tend to substantiate the validity of these excuses for Ty
ner, while they show literally astounding misconduct in Barrett. For Machen
and Beavers no excuse of any kind has been alleged. In the case of Metcalf,
the superintendent of the money order system, the most vigorous protests
were at first made on his behalf by a large number of reputable citizens, and
also by others who were at the time deemed reputable, but who, it has since
been discovered, were profiting by Metcalf's misconduct. One of them has
been Indicted in connection with him.
When these investigations «n*ere begun some nine months ago many of
the chief offenders, who have been Indicted or dismissed or both, as above
enumerated, were considered to have excellent reputations. A number of the
most respectable people in the land offered voluntary testimony on behalf of
Mr. Tyner. So highly were Messrs. Beavers and Machen thought of by those
who had been brought into close connection with them that the Congress
actually provided at its last session for raising the salaries of both, the sal
ary in each case being increased $500, to take effect at the beginning of 'the
fiscal year on July 1 last. By that date they were both out of office and the
Department of Justice was taking steps to have them indicted. During
Machen's term of service he was twice investigated by the Congress, once by
a committee of the Senate and once by a committee of the House, but was
cleared on each occasion. Yet at that very period, as has been shown In the
present investigation, he was engaged in the corrupt business for which he
has now been removed and indicted. This is no reflection upon the commit
tees who conducted the Investigation, for so skillfully had Machen concealed
his wrong-doing that it was only revealed after months of laborious and ex
haustive work by trained inspectors.
IN I/EAGUE WITH NOTORIOUS SWINDLERS.
Several of the above have been indicted two, three or flve times each.
George E. Green, Diller B. and Samuel Groff: William C. Long, for
merly in the Postofflce Department from April 17, 1S90, to August 15, 1893;
Isaac S. McGiehan, George H. Huntington; George E. Lorenz, formerly
postmaster at Toledo, Ohio, from August 3, 1866, to July 9, 1890; Martha J*
Lorenz. John T. Cupper, H. C. Hallenback, W. D. Doremus. Eugene D.
Scheble; William G. Crawford, deputy auditor Postoffice Department, from
June 12, 1893, to September 15, 1897; Maurice Runkle, Norman R. Metcalf,
Leopold J. Stern, Edmund H. Driggs, George F. Miller, Joseph M. Johns.
As shown in Mr*. Bristow's report, and as partially indicated by the ac
tions in the several cases, these cases show widely varying degrees of culp
ability.
Among outsiders indictments have, also been found against:
H. J. Barrett, formerly in the Postoffice Department from May 11, 1889,
to September 20, 1893, and from June 1, 1897, to December 31," 1900.
M. W. Louis, superintendent supply division; appointed to Kansas City
postofflce April 17, 1897; removed October 21, 1903. \
Charles B. Terry, clerk, supply division; appointed September 20, 1900;
removed October 21, 1903. !fr .
OUTSIDERS WEOASE NOW UNDER INDICTMENT.
Otto F. Weis, assistant superintendent registry division, New York
postofflce; appointed clerk New York postofflce June, 1890; removed Octo
ber 21, 1903. ¦ •
T. W. McGregor, clerk free delivery division, in charge of supplies; ap
pointed to Department March 11, 1891; removed June 5, 1903; in
dicted twice.
C. E. Upton, clerk, free delivery division; appointed July 1, 1900; re
moved June 5, 1903; indicted once.
W. Scott Towers, superintendent station C, Washington, D. C; appoint
ed clerk in Washington postofflce November, 1890; removed October 1, 1903;
indicted three times.
James W. Erwln, assistant superintendent free delivery service; appoint
ed postofflce inspector June 27, 1887; removed September 16, 1903; indicted
James T. Metcalf, superintendent money order system; appointed postof
flce inspector February 2, 1882; has been in postal service ever since; removed
June 17, 1903; has been indicted once'.
Daniel V. Miller, assistant attorney, Postoffice Department; appointed
July 1. 1902: removed May 25, 1903; indicted once; after one mistrial was
retried and acquitted. • - .
Louis Kempner, superintendent registry system; appointed clerk in New
York postoffice in August, 18S6; removed October 21, 1903.
Charles Hedges, superintendent city free delivery service; appointed as
sistant superintendent free delivery service July 1, 1898; removed July 22,
1903.
Implicated in the wrong-doing, together with an account of steps that have
been taken by the Government in each case, and a statement of the date
of original appointment of each man in the service:
(The case of ex-First Assistant Postmaster General Heath, who left the
service July 31, 1900,. is set forth in the report of Mr. Bristow).
James N. Tyner, assistant attorney general for the Postoffice Depart
ment; appointed special agent, Postoffice Department, March 7, 1861; with in
tervals of a few years has been in the service ever since and was Post
master General under President Grant for several months; he was removed
April 22, 1903; he has since been indicted three times.
A. W. Machen, general superintendent free delivery system; appointed
clerk in postofflce at Toledo; Ohio, M.arch 1, 1887; continuously in service
ever since save for three years; removed May 27, 1903; has since been in
dicted fourteen times. ?:?:>
George W. Beavers, general superintendent of salaries and allowances;
appointed to clerkship, in New York postofflce in January, 1881; continu
ous service ever since; resignation accepted, to take effect March 31," 1903;
has since been indicted eight times.
master General an efrort wa« made to Intro
«uce the Bundy time recorder for use In the
postal service, but it failed. lAter. during the
administration of Postmaster General Wilson,
upon the recommendation of A- \V .Machen, It
¦was ndooted Machen estimated that the en
tire free delivery service could be supplied for
JtSiDJ^OO. „ .
The purpose or this clock wai to record the
time of arr ..si ar.d departure of carriers on
their ofneial trip* Th « x>ric J 1 2 f lh * clock
- when < first adopted was $.5 ?l hlch wa » After
1 -"ard increaeed to »1W. "Jid BO cent* for each
key ordered The.«e tim« recorders were first
used only Su th* m delivery service, and their
rurcnast was in the hands of Machen; but In
1X0$ First Assistant Postmaster General Heath
required postoiSc* clerks to use them, and the
purchase oi them was transferred to the salary
and aiiowance division.
!¦! 1901 an rfBort »ss made by First Assistant
Pos*jnaster General W. M. Johnson and his
chief clerk .John M. Masten. to reduoo the
price of ir.ese ime i reorders, but tho effort was
afttrvara abandoned.
H J. Truesiell. »'ho w» the agent of th«
company at tli ' tilae these clocks were first
adopted *;a.tes that he paid Machea $1000 for
his nrv'.cft in securing- their Introduction into
the service- Criminal action on euch payment
is barred by the statute of limitations.
The "tame reckless waste that characterized
Beaver's administration. In other matters pre
%aJ!ei in the supply of these time recorders.
The office of Berkeiej-, Cal., has eleven car
riers tn<J seven clejks, yet it has been iur
nlshed with three clocks and 162 keys.
Los Angeles. Cal.. with ninety-three carriers
«r.t4 *iEhi} - -seven clerks, was supplied with
thirteen clocks and &*0 keys.
Eighty-nine clocks have been sent to 8t.
Lou:s. and thousands cf keys, while twenty
ic-r were all that could "be used la Baltimore.
Fort Collins, Colo., with three carriers and
three clerks, hts beca furnished a clock and
«ixty-»ix key*.
Bristol. Conn., with five carriers and four
clerks, was furnished two clocks, one of which
has never been taken from the crate A
\Vir.sted. Conn., with five carriers and seren
c>rks, was furnished three clocks and 139 keys.
Independence, Kans., with three carriers and
thret clerks, was sent one clock, with ninety
kevs.
A hundred other such instances are cited,
fuch profligate expenditure is almost incredi
ble. In the State of Sew York there are l'«
offices with no free delivery, and therefore no
carriers, that have h«>en *unpjled with Bundy
c;<)ckE. In less than six y.-ars under Beavers'
management the department has purchased
1170 of these time recorders.
George E. Green receives a salary as presi
dent of the Bundy company and also receives
a commission cf 30 per cent on all sales made
to the Postoffice Dei/art nient.
In the course of the investigation the ln
cpectore discovered certain amounts that had
b*en paid Beavers by Green. They called upon
Green and asked as to 6uch peyamer.ts, but he
declined to rr.ake any statement whatever In
rcpard to them. He was then subpenaed be
f.'.r.r ihe Grand Jury and still declined to
answer any questions, taking advantage of the
principle that a witness cannot be compelled
to ttmttty where euch testimony would incrim
inate himself.
Tfle investigation shows that Green paid
Beaver* the 10 per cent commission allowed him
by the coir.par.y on all Eales made to the de
partment.
Beavers ar.d Green were Indicted by the
Grand Jury cf the District of Columbia on
Eepten.tfVr 17 and October 1, 1903.
CANCELING MACHINES.
There are eight varieties or machines in
vet in the postal service for canceling stamps
end postmarking mail matter. Six of thes?
are leased and two are purchased outright.
The arprrrrtation f or the rent and purchase
nf . anceling machines for the fiscal year 18^6
i>7 was $fJ>,0C0; for the present fiscal year it is
S250.O00. cbowlnc an increase in the amount
ot money expended for this purpose during the
tim- of the Beavers administration of the
salary and allowance division of $190,000, or
'over 3<<t» per cent.
The Barr-Fyke. the ColumMa and the Pneu
matic are only used in a very limited manner.
The Amrrlcsn Hey-Dolphin are used ext«-n
fiv»ly. but there is no evidence of corrupt use
of money in ec-curiiig their introduction into
the service.
Th*- Harry machine «« invented by William
Barry of Oswr-go. N. Y., in lSStl. In 1W> 100
of these machines were rented at Jl.'O p*r «n
r.um. The corres=;>otidenc<? of Major Ralph
Ballin. the Washington agent In 1807, shows
that at the purgertion of Perry S. Heath the
company t-rr.ployed M. D. Helm at a salary of
$12! 9 per year, to up*, his influence in behalf
of the Barry machine. After Helms employ
ment the contra rt was renewed and the price
ralswl from $ir>O to $175. and again in 1K0S
advancf-d to 5200 per annum. In July. 1D00,
aftrr Heath's retirrmrnt from th<? department,
the rent wps reduced to $150. Trie employment
of Helm t\a? in the nature of a gratuity on
the part of Th*> company because of his reia
. tions with the First Assistant Postmaster Gen
eral.
The Hampden — The Hampden canceling ma
chine was invented by \V. B. Landfear in i
•ISSKi. Landfear, in 1SS7, after Perry S. Heath i
becUM First Assistant Postmaster General, i
offered to fell 100 of these machine to the de
partmeot for $200 each, but the offer was de
clined.
The company was reorganized in June, 1S98,
*nd George N. Tyner. a brother of the late
Assistant Attorney General, secured a con
trolling Interest in it. Another effort was
then made to setl the machines to the de
railment. wMch resulted In the purchase of
1&> machines at |300 each, the Fame ma
chine with a few plight changes that had been
offered at ?200 less than a year before and
derlined.
The maohines proved worthless. Of the 100
machine* purchased there are at present only
'17 of them in use. and there is evidence that
th^ir worthless character was well known to
both Heath ar.d Beavers before they were or
dered.
, The D"r«rr:us — The most important contract
for canceling machines was that for the Dore
tnus. Its oriplnal promoters were W. D. Dor*- ;
mus, the iuventor; L. T. Michener, member of ;
the law firm of Dudley & Michener of Wash- j
ington. ar.d H. J. Truesdeil of Blnghampton.
N V." The company was organized August !
3 ' 1RW. and capitalized for $100,000. divided
"into 1000 chases of $ 100 each. Of the 1000 j
rhares. 250 vrere reserved as treasury stock, :
-the remaining three-fourths being owned equal- ;
I* by Doremus. Truesdeil and tho firm of ;
Dudley & Michener. The 250 ehares of treas- j
ury f-tock were transferr»d shortly after the ;
organization of the company to George E.
Gr«-en of Blnghampton. N. Y..ln consideration
of his agreeing to guarantee the expense of
manufacturing the first 100 machines; and In
December. 1899. he acquired the interest of
Dudley & Michener.
Truesdeil way on intimate personal relations
with Beavers, and In 1839 an order was given
for 10O machine* at $150 each. Long before all
of the 100 machines had been delivered the
de-partrwnt received numerous complaints from
postmasters stating that they were worthless;
and on account of the great dissatisfaction
with f-ls first 100 known as Model No. 1 the
Doremus company established a factory of Its
©wn in TVa*binrton and created Model No. 2.
and Beavers, without testing its efficiency, on
June 30 1000, contracted for 100 of the new
machines at S225 each. Model No. 2 also
CHARLES DOLE
IS BADLY HURT
HEMP MAY END
PRISONER'S LIFE
Continued From Pagre 2, Column 7.
The administration of Beavers was. If possi
ble, more demoralizing upon the Integrity of
the service than that of Machen.
The evidence against Heath was also sub
mitted to the District Attorney, who decided
that it was not sufficient to warrant his In
dictment.
On October 5, 1903, indictments were found
against Gre«>n. Doremus and Beavers for con-
Fpfracy to de'raud.
Th»> Inspectors also called upon Doremus and
asked permission to examine the books of the
company to either verify or disprove the truth
of the statements of Truesiell. Ida E. Crowell
and Lonp. hut they were refused permission to
pee the books. Doremus claimed that they
were not In hia custody; that he had no au
thority over them and could not therefore per
mit them to be examined; that they were in
charge of L«. S. Fish, the bookkeeper. Fish
was subpenaed to produce the books before
the Grand Jury. He answered the eubpena,
but stated that the books of the company had
been burned last winter.
There were 130 Doremus canceling machines
installed by the Postoffice Department from
January l."l!Ki2. to June 1, l!)02. The three
checks referred to aggregate $3230, an amount
exactly equivalent to $25 each on 130 machines.
When the inspectors inquired of Green as to
tlr^e payments to Beavers he refused to make
any statement. He was subpenaed before the
Grand Jury and he still refused to answer any
questions.
proved a failur*, and Model No. 8 waa made,
and Beavers DromDtly save an order for 100
machines of that model at $225 each.
Of the 200 machines purchased of models
Xos. 1 and 2 but thirty-nine are now In use.
the remalnlnsr 161 being practically a net loss.
Six hundred and seventy-one of these ma
chines have been ordered by the department, at
a net cost of $143,475. This Is a repetition of
the story of automatic cashters and Elliott &
Hatch typewriters, except that it Is on a
larcer scale.
In 1901 Tniesdell and Green became es
tranged and Truesdell left the employ of the
Bundy Company, and also sold his interest in
the Doremus canceling; machine. When inter
viewed by the Inspectors Tniesdell stated that
before the second order on June 30. 1000, was
given f<v 100 machines Green told him he had
transfeired to Perry S. Heath. First Assistant
Postmaster General. $20,000 worth of his stock.
In consideration of receiving an order for not
less than ?00 machines. , rjw .
Tniesdell states that he contributed *o(xx>
worth of stock to Green as his share or tne
amount Elven Heath. He also stated that
Doremus transferred 55000 worth of h s stock
In the same manner. Doremus denies any
knowledge of the stock having been elven to
Heath, but states that he did contribute fifty
Bhares. Dar value $5oO0. to Green to be used
tor the best Interests of the company. Doremus
admits that Tniesdell told htm subsequently
that the stock was to be transferred to Heath
in consideration of receiving a large order for
machines. Ida E. Cror.ell. Tniesdell s secre
tary who was a bookkeeper in the employ of
the Doremus Machine Company from October
3, 1800. until Aueust, 1901. confirms many oi
Truesdeirs statements.
Heath refused to make a written statement,
but said verbally to Inspector Simmons that
he never received any stock from the LK>re
mus Canceling Machine Company, or any re
muneration of any kind, directly w Jndlrectlv.
Truesdeil further states that on all machines
pold to the department after the order for 100
of model Ko. 1. the company was required to
pay Beavers $25 on each machine, which Bear
ers stated was to be divided with Heath; that
on the first 100 he did not receive $23 each.
but a lump sum of money, as he remembers
*I,Co. which he personally paid Beavers In New
York. Truesdeil states that he paid Beaver*
mims of $5<i0 upon three other occasions: that
he procured the money by checks on the &e\
enth National Bank of New York cashed at
the Citizens' National Bank, by Ida E. Crow
ell. Ida E. Crowcll and the records of the
Citizens' National Uar.k confirm- Iruesdell s
statement as to the cashing of the checks.
Ida E. Crowell states that the money pro
cured by cashing these checks was charged on
the Ijooks of the company to "commission ac
count." Her statement is corroborated by
William W. Lons of Washington. D. *-• *
bookkeeper who was employed to post the
books of the Doremus Machine Company, who
states that he found cuch entries on the blot
ter end ledrer, made by Mrs. Crowell. but no
name was given as to whom the money was
paid
Mrs. Crowell end Truesdel! left the employ
of the company in 1901. and since then Green
attended to the business personally, as he did
in the case of the Bundy clocks. He has left
a more definite record of the money paid to
Beavers than was left by Truesdeil.
As has ttoen stated, an account of the com
pany was kept In the Seventh National Bank
of New York. In the same bank Green also
kept an account. On March 14. 1902, Green
drew a check for $500 on the account of the
Doremus Machine Company in the Seventh
National Bank; on March 15 the personal
account of Green in the name bank was cred
ited with the same amount, and on March 18
Beavers deposited to his account In the Nas
sau Trust Company of Brooklyn, N. T.. a
check on the Seventh National Bank of New
York for $500. and on March 19 the personal
account or Green In the Seventh National Bank
of New York was charged with $500.
On May 10. 1902. a check for J1000 was
charged to the account of the Doremus Ma
chine Company In the Seventh National ilank,
and on the same day the personal account of
Green was credited with that sum: four days
later George W. Beavers deposited by letter
from Washington. D. C, with the brokerage
firm of Moore & Schley of New York the per
sonal check of George E. Green for $1000.
On June 24, 1902, the account of the Doremus
Machine Company In the Seventh National
Bank of New York Is charged with a check
for $1";». and on the same day the personal ac
count of Green In the same bank Is credited
with the Identical sum. The next day Beavers
deposited with the brokerage firm of Moore &
Schley of New York the personal check of
George E. Green for £1750.
Bristow's Report.
PRESIDENT DENOUNCES
THE MEN IMPLICATED
Continued From Page 1, Columns 6 and 7.
*- ' ¦ - _ *" _~ ~ ¦ • - ~
THE SAN FKANCIBCO CALL, 11OWDAY, KOYEMBEB 30, 1903.
3
DOAN'S KIDNEY PILLS.
DON'TGOJTBLIND
There's So Heed to la San Frsuicitco—
Tilt Way Zs Almost XedffeA
With Guifle-Fosts.
Have you ever read a newspaper arti-
cle — a grlowlng account of some incident
told in elusive words to lead you on —
and found it ended up with a proprietary
medicine advertisement? Annoyed you.
didn't it? And were you convinced of
the merit of the article? We think not.
because it told the experience of some
strangrer in a far-away town. To take
his word for it was like "going it blind."
It's a very different thing when a state-
ment is presented from a citizen, from
people you know, and that's the caso
Joseph P. Jackson of 2 Rose avenue,
now retired, says: "Of all the remedies
I ever used for my back and kidneys
none took effect so promptly or acted so
thoroughly as Doan's Kidney Pills. For
years I had trouble with my back, and
latterly it ached all the time. I dreaded
to tstoo'p on account of the acute twinges
which shot across my loins when I at-
tempted to straighten, and many a time
I was compelled to place my hands on
the fcmall of my back and press them
into my loins for the slight assistance
that makeshift afforded. Two boxes of
Doan's Kidney Pills stopped the back-
ache and positively removed other symp-
toms of sluggish or over-excited kidneys.
I am only too pleased to recommend a
preparation upon which the public can
- For sale by all dealers. Price 50 cents.
Foster-MIlburn Co., Buffalo, N. Y.. sole
agents for the United States.
Remember the name. Doan's, and take
no substitute. _____—¦—
Always alike — Schilling'?
Best — and the prices alway:
alike, at your grocer's.
Moneyback; always alike.
ADVEBTISEIIENTS.
Christmas
Overland
Monthly
A cover in four colors.
The prettiest design of
any of the Christmas
Magazines.
The most popular mag-
azine in the West.
Under new manage*
ment.
Intensely interesting.
Timely articles.
The best Western
writers.
New, crisp, bright
thoughts on every page.
15 Cents a Copy-
$L50 a Yean
.Overland.
Monthly Pub. Co.,
320 SANSOME ST.,
San Francisco.
Ki s8sfi£9 a. isl.. m§ - EM a^wk
IM IWfiW A mam* '
Ri Hg|8 \JTiiw Q'EB BJiL Tt*l
t FAVORITE
SCRIPTION
, RWEAKWOMEW.
•^v^'^m.T S. 4nd O. Boots and Shoe*.
l\l ll\ 'Warranted waterproof. Kor
+¦ V^ 1. Hunters, Surveyors. Mln-
» w -. -* er«. etc. Send for catalog.
AflllA SHREVESl BARBER CO.
i *\ij; -^* 730 Market St.. 3. T.
\IU. X. HESS.
Xotaxy Ptfbllo and Attorney-at-iaw. '
Tenth Floor. Room 1013. Claua SpradteU bids.
Telephone Main 883.
Residence. 821 California »t-. below PtwtlL
Re»ldecce Telephcca James 1301.
Weekly Call, $1 per Year
/ ADVERTISEMENTS^
i"i qt f\ cA\ on II
/ The man who orders one of our made-to-measure suits and ga
examines the srarments is satisfied that he Rets full value for his g«
money. He is satisfied as to fit, material, style and workman- By
ship. Through months of service he continues to be satisfied be- ||
cause the garments wear as they should. _ ||
The suits we make and the prices we ask are intended to sat- I
isfy every custdmer. Any customer not satisfied can'have the sat- ||
isfaction of getting his money back and he is not out a cent. S H
The suits we are making to order for $15 are the best you ever a a
saw for the price. Come in and be satisfied. . f|
Out-of-town customers can secure satisfaction through 1
our self-measuring system — write for blank and samples. 8
740 Market Street and I
Cor. Powell and Eddy Sts. 1PARIS, Nov. 29.— As a reprisal to
protests from the United States against
outrages in Europe comes the mani
festo of a certain number of Europeans
promient In radical and philanthropic
movements with regard to the United
States.
The manifesto Is published this morn
ing by the International Socialist
Bureau. It calls attention to a rapid
increase in the number of lynchlngs in
America— "In j 1902 there were 103
lynchings in a single State."
"An Investigation made by the Fed
eral Government," continues the,mani
festo, "has revealed a state of affairs
recalling all the horros of slavery.- The
negro works under whip and bludgeon,
and dies, frequently beaten to death!
to prevent him escaping from this mar
tyrdom. He is compelled to work
naked; he is imprisoned and shot. Men,
women and children of the colored race
are massacred, their dwellings are de
stroyed and they are burned alive, with
the encouragement of authorities and
at the instigation of proprietors."
The manifesto protests against "these
abominable . acts , which are » committed
daily in the .United States." . It ; calls
upon working 'classes to unite, j without
distinction of > race or color, against
capitalistic tyranny. It is signed by
LONDON, Nov. 30. — The fact that
two prolonged Cabinet councils were
held Friday and Saturday gave rise to
the renewed rumors that a dissolution
of Parliament was imminent. An ap
parently authorized statement is pub
lished this morning, however, declaring
that at the meetings no question of a
dissolution was brought up, and that
the discussions turned upon foreign af
fairs, including the situations In Mace
donia, the Far East and Thibet. ¦
Humors of Dissolution Untrue.
NAPA, Nov. 29. — Henry Stabe, a pa
tient in the Napa Asylum, has petitioned
the Superior Court to restore him to
competency. Stabe was adjudged Insane
May 21, 1901. and committed to the State
Hospital. Fred Martin of Napa was ap
pointed his guardian. Stabe claims hia
commitment was illegal and that he was
not and is not insane. Judge Gesford
has set the matter for hearing on De
cember 12.
Asylum Patient Makes Appeal.
EUROPE WANTS
LESS LYNCHING
SALT LAKE, Nov. 29.— A rate cut
ting which may lead to a lively war
between Harrlman and Gould has been
started in Utah and Wyoming. The
trouble Is over coal. Several weeks ago
a conference was held In Denver be
tween representatives of Harriman's
Union Pacific Coal Company- and
Gould's Utah Fuel Company, at which
it was agreed that the price of coal
should be raised. No time was speci
fied, it being understood this should
be settled later. Last week, without
warning, the Union Pacific Coal Com
pany JuAped the price 60 cents a ton.
The Utah Fuel Company, with a strike
on its hands, was loath to follow, but
did so. Two days ago, while Harriman
was in Utah, a representative of the
Commercial Club of Salt Lake waited
on him and persuaded him that the
price was too high. He promptly,
without consulting the Gould repre
sentatives, ordered a 30-cent cut on this
price of coal. This angered the Gould
men because they were given no chance
to reduce at the same time and Har
riman was given a chance to get pub
lic sentiment. After wiring George
Gould the situation, they announced
last night a cut of 25 cents on coal and
25 cents on the freight rate from the
mines. This cut In the freight rates is
considered by the Harriman officials
as a challenge. They have been wiring
Harriman and It is understood they
are anxious to make another cut. Such
a step is momentarily expected. It is
believed here the fteht may % get so
warm that the Ogden gateway may be
closed and the Western Pacific push
ed through with the utmost speed be
tween Salt Lake and San Francisco.
+ -1-H-M' !¦ M-M-M-M -X-I-I-I-'x -I 'I I !-»
For the Dresent the University of Munich
limits Its admission of women by regular
matriculation to such as possess th« abiturta
of the German gymnasium, and they are ad
mitted to this German high school on the
same conditions as its male students. Lady
students of foreign birth, graduates of col
leges but who do not possess the German
gymnaslal abiturta. are admitted only as
hearers, and with the consent of the faculty
they may pursue a course of study and finally
come up for a degree, but they have not yet
been conceded the same rights that are ac
corded to that class of German female stu
dents having the gymnaslal abiturla.
The Consul General saya the rector
of the university has promised to sec
ond the petition of the United States
Consul General to the Bavarian Min
istry of Cultus that American lady stu
dents possessing diplomas from repu
table American colleges shall be con
ceded the same advantages that have
been conceded by German universities
to graduates of reputable American col
leges and universities.
Under the concessions temporarily
made, Mr. Worman says, a number of
American young ladies, graduates from
American colleges, this term have en
tered on serious work in the University
of Munich.
Continuing, the Consul General says
In several of them women have been per
mitted to attend lectures and have been al
lowed to take their degrees on examination
by and wltn the consent of the faculties con
cerned.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 29.— James H.
Worman, United States Consul Gen
eral at Munich, Germany, has reported
to the State Department that the Uni
versity of Munich has opened !ts doors
to women students. "Heretofore no
women were permitted to matriculate
In the German universities," he says,
adding:
BAR TO WOMEN
IS NOW RAISED
Eventually the woman, evidently in
a aondition of desperation, went to an
apartment on the lower deck, locking
the door, after she had entered. A short
time afterward &n effort was made to
gain access to the room. No response
was had to repeated calls and the door
was opened by force.
The woman was not In the apartment.
Her only means of egress was through
a window, from which it Is presumed
she plunged into the bay. She was not
seen in the throng on the vessel after
she .went to the room.
The captain of the Frisbie stopped the
vessel and boats were lov.ered. A care
ful search was made for nearly a quar
ter of. an hour, but nothing: was found
that might substantiate the suspicion
of the passenger who caused the alarm.
That a woman did leave the boat
somewhere near Red Rock seems from
the available fragments of circumstan
tial evidence to be a fact. On the trip
from San Francisco to that point two
passengers, a man and woman, at
tracted the notice of the other oersona
aboard by auarreling. Harsh word3
were exchanged and several times the
woman fled from the companion, only
to be confronted by him in another part
of the boat. ,
VALLEJO, Nov. 29.— When th«
steamer General Friable, which arrived
from San Francisco to-night, was near
Red Rock in San Pablo Bay in the aft
ernoon one of the passengers alarmed
the officers by the announcement that a
woman had Jumped overboard.
Search Made Near- Red Rock
by Men of the General
Frisbie.
GOAL ROW MAY
CAUSE RATE WAR
' NEW YORK, Nov. 29.— To the sur
prise of naval officers here, the navy
supply ship Culgoa, which sailed from
the Brooklyn station "for Colon to-day,
had to take 600 bluejackets, selected
under ruaji orders from Washington,
from the men of the receiving ship
Hancock at the navy yard. Nearly all
of the bluejackets are long-term men.
Ostensibly they are being taken to
Colon, so far as the Navy Department
has given any intimation of its Inten
tions, for transfer to another vessel,
which will carry the men to the China
station. ' Officers at the navy yard ex
press the opinion that the men are like
ly to see more of isthmian than of Chi
nese waters.
COLON, Nov. 29.— The next event of
political importance to the new re
public of Panama will be the ratifica
tion of the canal' treaty and its return
to Washington, which is looked for
ward to with much Interest, as conclu
sively settling Panama's status.
The ratification of the treaty appears
to be considered by the Government as
the final step, so far as Panama is con
cerned, absolutely binding the republic
to the protection of the United States.
After this has been effected, it Is be
lieved, there will remain nothing for
Panama to do except to proceed under
the security of the protection of the
friendship of the United States with the
development of her internal affairs.,
The possibility of a war with, or armed
trouble from, Colombia, was not taken
into serious consideration anywhere on
the isthmus. '
The Government officials seem to be
lieve that In the event of any difficult
situation arising they will have nothing
to do but to turn to the United States
for wise counsel and guidance, and tljat
if help be needed by Panama the Unit
, ed States will supply it.
Colonel Torres, who was in charge of
the troops at Panama at the time of
the revolution, may be court-martialed
and shot by order of the Colombian
Government.
Special Dispatch "to Th« Call.
Commenting upon the document, M.
Clemenceau, in the Aurore, says:
"The present document of the Inter
national Socialistic Bureau will with
out difficulty receive the unanimous
assent of Europe, where African slav
ery has not had any history. In the
United States it will meet with Ies3
success.
"If it protested against the system
atic massacres of Hebrews In Russia
the American republic would give it
its enthusiastic indorsement and the
Russian people and Government would
remain rather cool. Our sensibility be
comes willingly blunted at the spec
tacle of our own faults. It becomes
sharpened again and vibrating at faults
of our neighbor."
WASHINGTON, Nov. 29.— That the
force impelling the manifesto of the
International Socialist Bureau came
from a well organized and persistent
negro propaganda in the United States
is the strong belief existing in Wash
ington.
Secretary Hay and the officials of the
State Department will not comment
upon the Socialist Bureau's manifesto,
but precedents against serious consid
eration of such documents will be
closely followed. Should the matter
ever reach this Government In a con
crete form it would probably find its
way to the waste basket. The admin
istration holds that these lynchlngs are
purely matters of local administration.
Petitions received by Count Casslnl
have been signed by persons represent
ed as negroes not only in the Southern
but In Northern_ States, many of them
clergymen and teachers. The petitions
never went further -than his desk. It
is supposed that these same petitioners
then directed their efforts toward Eu
rope and interested the International
Socialist Bureau.
Robert Allen, Leo Beale. Frederick Broder
lon, Ward Brown, James Bryant. Arthur
Bracken, Frederick Carli. Frederick Carroll,
Daniel Coll. John Cornyn. Matthew Donovan.
William Mack. Daniel McCarthy, Arthur Mann,
James Marlow, Joseph Mitchell. John Morrisy.
Walter Murray. Peter McIIale. George O'Brien.
Leopold O'Connor, Henry Peterson. Gustave
Conlan, Joseph Collins, William Fitzgerald,
George O'Brien, Herman Ripe, Arthur Roesner.
Raymond Summers, William Syron. Joseph
Fresh, Joseph BIoss, Charles Sarity. Joseph
Drlscoll. John Erlgero, Joseph Ferronl, Fred
erick Gibson, Antonio GIvanovich. Edward
Healy, Daniel Holland. Edward Holz. Edward
Hughes, Vincent Klrby, Joseph Sevelra, Wil
liam Lynch, Thomas Lyons, William Porter,
Earl Rice, James Reeves, Charles Reinhart,
John Roche, Thornas Rodden, Joseph Schlinck,
William Sinclair, Louis Smith, Mark Stokes.
Maurice Sweeney, Edmund Treacy. Alfred
Walsh. Charles Daley, William Kllkelly, Syd
ney Hall, Fred Schaefer, William Held. James
Desmond, William Coleman, Edmund Mad
ison, Harold Tracy, Constance Barry, Irene
Barry, Margaret Bradshaw, May Bell.
Bernice Coleman, Annie Corbett. Teresa
Canty, Sara Cheney, Katie Corkery, Irene
Cox, Edna Doherty. Mabel Doherty, Mary
Derham, Ella McDonald, Rita McFar
lane, Margaret Murphy, Josephine Me-
Gulre, Kittle O'Leary, Josephine O'Brien, Mag
gie O'Connor, Florence Paile. Mercedes Ryan,
Mary Ryan, Mary Rowan. May Rlordan, Lo
retta Reno. Maggie Desmond, Irene Donnolly,
Mary Eccles, Julia Fitzgerald, Mary Forsythe.
Mary Harney, Katie Hoey, Azita Herald, Dol
ly Hughes, Grace Haggerty, Mary Killlan, Ka
tie McElroy. Nellie Mears, Minnie MulUna,
Maggie McMahon, Mary Ryan, Florence Favo
lara, Evelyn Watts, Mary Qulnn. Margaret
Sims, Lizzie Coyne, Josle Galllgan, Florence
Well, Josephine Warren, Lydia Crowley, Lilian
Black, Josephine Treacy. Hazel Callaghan, Ger
trude Guild, Annie Fay. Rose Glavinovich,
Grace McGinn. Nellie Geary, Vera Moran,
Christine Ferle, Ethel Rowan. Ada Pickard,
Violet Flynn, Lilian Wood*. Isabella Flaherty.
Christina Bergner, Nellie Reynolds, Nellie Bu
ser. Delia McHale, Rosemary Fraser.
leading Socialists, representing twenty
four countries.
During the morning services the fol
lowing named received their first holy
communion:
The sponsers for the girls who were
confirmed were Mrs. Gus Bayreuther
and Miss May Hollahan. The sponsera
for the boys were J. McCosker and J.
Keane.' The sacrament was conferred
upon the following named:
William Joseph Bennett, Stephen Aloyslus
Bresnafcan. Thomas Gerard Buckley. Martin
Joseph Cahlll. Bernard Aloyslua Dolan. John
Joseph Donovan. Frank John Foley, Patrick
Francis GHlesple. William Sebastian Hamil
ton, James Leo Healy. Frank Aloyelun Hynea.
"William Aloysius Kilmartln, William Martin
King, John Charles O'Neill. Lawrence John
Poessera Eugene Aloyslus Sheehy. Thomas
Michael Vaughan, William Francis Welch.
James Joseph White John Joseph Broderlck.
Adolph Joseph Schumacher. Timothy Patrick
Sullivan, Emmet Joseph Winters, Alfred Joaeph
Boerner. William Francis Klrby, William Fran
cis Lally William Aloyeius Lanthler. Eugone
Joseph Lynch. John Aloysius Lyons, John
Remising McElearney. Thomas Matthew Me-
Keon, Frank Anthony Mullany, Joseph Edward
Nolan Frank Richard Norton, Edward Aloy
slus 6'Connell, William Joseph O'Connell. Al
fred Joseph O'Connor Arthur Patrick O'Neill.
Milton Dominic Nolan, Charles Aloyslus Nor
ton. Arthur Daniel O'Neill, Thomas Joseph
O'Neill Frank Charles Schmltt. John Fran
cis Sorocco John Clement Ward, John Joeeph
Barrett Edward Joseph Bennett. Peter Joseph
Burns, ' Lawrence Joseph Callanan. James
Patrick Corbett Walter Aloysius Corey. Henry
Celestlne Dolclni. Alfred Anthony Dupins,
Vanantius Aloyslus Collins. Edward AloyMus
Crosby Luke Aloysius Glavlrtovlch. Jo#«ph An
thony King, Henry Daniel McMahon. ttoy Je
rome McNelll Stanislaus Charles McNelll.
•Charles John Edwards. William Paul Eng
lish Henry Joseph Fox. John James Gibson.
Richard Aloyslus Gorman, Dante Francis Gu-
Elielmette. Julius Joseph Hackmeler, Bertran
Plus Harrlsan Arthur John Kavanagh, Har
old Aloystus 6'Dea. Edward Patrick O'Con
nell George Francis Schafer. Owen Joseph
Shannon. William Francis Vocke, \alentlne
J Te P c»ia*Sbeth Walsh. Mary Teresa Hoi
leran. Sara Frances Bowen. Mary Agnes
O'Connor. Nora Patriciua Sweeney. Lydla
Cecilia Berry. Viola Oenevleve Brownu Rose
Imelda McKeon. Ida Margaret O Ev*
Luclna Beany. Kathleen Dominica McMahon.
Rote Veronica Marrln. Jennie Imelda Stretch.
Catherine Agnes McCarrick "° rtens «
beth Cousin. Agnes Carmel Soper, Margaret
Teresa Edwards. Ignore Catherine Folej.
Katherlne Lcretta Growney, Mary Cecilia Drls
coll. Catherine Frances Mathers, Mary Imeliia
McFarlane. Ethel Irene Flannery. Mary Pat
rlclus McCarthy. Ethel Mary Peterson. Ade
line Mantaret Brannan. Margaret Dominica
Bayreuthtr, Margaret Genevieve Asmussen.
Rose Imelda McCann. Catherine Phllomena
Heath. Marlon Elizabeth Flannery, Mary Ce
cilia KlrWy. Josephine Agnes Shanley, Julia
Patricius McFarland, Annie Agnes Waldron.
Winifred Josephine Hlggins. Teresa Constance
Dolan, Martina Elizabeth Baronl. Alma Grace
Freck Teresa Veronica Ryan. Veronica May
Hallahan. Mary Veronica Ward. Alexina Isa
bella Hachetti. Anna Cecilia Crowley, Mary
Agnes Crowley, Caroline Rose Meyer, Sarah
Gabriel Sasrulne, Sarah Agnes Kane, Dorothy
Louise Mund. Catherine Gertrude Guglleli
mettl. Mary Elizabeth Matheson. Margaret
Veronica. Black. Lilian Josephine Hurley, Mary
Johanna Farreli. Veronica Dorothy Welch.
Julia Imelda Cox. Catherine Grace Brown.
Helen Colombia Autey, Clara Bernadette Rog
ers.
! The annual confirmation at St. Jo
seph's parish was conferred by Arch
bishop Montgomery at 4 o'clock yester
day afternoon. Those assisting were
Father R. P. Scanlan,' rector of the
parish; Father P. J. Keane, Father J.
Collins, Father J. Harnett and Father
E. O. Sullivan.
Archbishop Montgomery Offi
ciates at Solemn Relig
ious Ceremony.
Panama Looks to America
, i to Do All Necessary
! Fighting.
Woman Is Thought to
Have Jumped From
Sacrament Is Adminis
tered to a Large
Class.
Five Hundred Bluejack
ets Sail on Hurry
Orders.
DISAPPEARS
FROM A BOAT
IN THE BAY
CONFIRMATION
AT ST. JOSEPH'S
RUSHING MARINES
TO THE ISTHMUS
Spain Suffers From Storms.
MADRID, Nov. 29. — Severe gales
prevail throughout the northern portion
of Spain and shipwrecks and loss of
life are reported from the coast
California Calendars, Poppy, Poinset-
Ua. Redwood. Burnt Wood, Yucca,- eta,
now. on sale. Sanborn, yail & C», •
CHEMAINUS— Sailed Nov 28— Br stmr Port
Stanley, for Taltat. via Port Townsend. ¦
LIVERPOOL— Arrived Nov 28— Stmr Um
brta. from New York, via Queenstown.
Sailed Nov 28 — Btmr.. Carthasrenian, from
Glasgow, for St Johns, . N F, .Halifax, N 8,
and Philadelphia.
M0VII..L.E— Sailed Nov 29— Stmr Ethiopia,
from Glasgow, for New Tork. -
QUEENSTOWN— Sailed Nov 29— Stmr Cam
pania, from Liverpool; for New York. •
" HAVRE-^Sailed • Nov 2&— Stmr La Cham
pagne, for New York. •
..'•. Reported sailing 'of stmr 8t Louis on Nov 28
was an error.-- -•¦• ¦ •.-... ...
CHERBOURG— Sailed Not 28-^Stmr Bt
Louis, from Southampton, for New York,
OCEAN STEAMERS,
Sunday. November 29.
Bktn Portland, Clark. 2<5 days from Tacoma.
Schr Mildred. Klndelln, 27 days from What
com. •
Schr Falcon, Anderson. 12 days from Grays
Harbor.
Schr J A Campbell, Smith, -A days from
Grays ' Harbor. ¦•¦;'¦¦
Schr Jos Buss, Andersen. - 4 days from , As
toria.
Schr . Salvator, Obere. 12 i daya from Grays
Harbor. ; . ,' ¦¦•¦:¦*.. .- :¦¦']• , ¦¦
Late Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED.
W. A. Langille of the United States
Department of Agriculture is registered
at the Occidental.
J. M. Btudebaker of South Bend, a
member of the carriage manufacturing
firm, is a guest at the Palace.
J. C. Stubbs. traffic director, and Ben
Campbell, assistant traffic director of the
Harriman lines, departed for Chicago
last evening.
John B. 'Parish of Denver, consulting
engineer of the Venture Corporation of
London, arrived in this city yesterday
asd is staying at the Palace.
R. B. Burns of Los Angeles, chief en
gineer of the Santa Fe's Western lines,
is at the Palace.
Dr. A. Trysler of Williams, Arizona, is
at the Palace.
• E. B. Edson of Gazelle arrived at the
Occidental yesterday.
B. and E. Gonnet, young French tour
ists from Paris, are at the Palace.
Railroad Commissioner A. C. Irwin of
Marysville is at Uje Lick.
PERSONAL MENTION.
No statement could be secured from
Nicolo other than that he had sought
to take his own life. On his person
was found the card of a grocer at
Brooklyn, N. Y., whose first name was
Nicolo, and it is believed he is a rela
tive of the supposed suicide. Nicolo
had about $30 in currency on his per
son.
SACRAMENTO, Nov. 29.— A. Nicolo,
apparently an Italian about 45 years
of age, was brought to the Receiving
Hospital this afternoon suffering from
a bullet wound in his left breast. As
sistant'City Physician Hanna removed
the bullet, but at 4:50 o'clock this after
noon Nicolo- expired, after saying he
was alone responsible for his death.
The case, while believed to be one of
suicide, is surrounded with some mys
tery. Nicolo was a passenger on the
overland train which passed through
this city westbound this afternoon and
his ticket showed he had taken passage
from Ogden to San Francisco. At a
small station in Yolo County, four
miles west of Sacramento, he stepped
off the train. In a few minutes a shot
was heard and Nicolo was discovered
lying on the ground wounded.
The weapon from which the bullet
was fired was not found. When spoken
to Nicolo admitted that he had tried to
commit suicide, although assigning no
reason. He was removed to Davis
ville, but it was subsequently decided
to return him to Sacramento for treat
ment.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Mrs. Short said: "This outrage upon
my boy should act as a warning. I can
but admire his loyalty, but of course It
is undeserved by. those who would do I a
youth so grievous an injury. I cannot
bear to think .of ..the, Buffering, he: must
have endured with that red-hot * iron
"I am as much to blame as any one.
I knew that there was to be some
thing, but I did not know what It was.
I, am under oath and will not say any
thing. mother discovered the whole
affair and I regret that The Call has
heard of it. If any of the boys. should
suffer expulsion for this, you may de
pend upon it I will go out with them.
They are my friends, and I have taken
an oath and .will say nothing."
Mrs. Short tried to prevail upon
Albert to tell everything, pointing out
to him at the same time that an oath
administered to him, which carried the
concealing of cruel- and revolting in
juries could not be regarded with any
seriousness, but no persuasion of rela
tive or friend could move young Short.
When seen last night Albert, while
not being able to deny that he had un
dergone an ordeal which in his loyalty
to* his schoolmates he tried to make
light of, said:
SCREENS THE CULPRITS^
It was discovered by. Mrs. Short that
the boy had not only suffered the tor
ture of having branded into his flesh
the insignia of the fraternity, but a big
bruise prominent on his back indicated
also that he had been struck with a
club.
Members of the family conferred with
him yesterday, but young Short, while
evidently suffering agony, still refused
to reveal the names of his fellow stu
dents who were responsible for the
scars, which he will carry with him all
his life.
Albert Short, residing at 211 Clipper
street, and attending the Mission High
School, is the victim of an outrageous
act perpetrated by fellow students on
Saturday night.
The facts of the case might never
have been known but for the illness of
Short upon his arrival at his home, at
which time his mother, Mrs. Edward
Short, discovered that her son had been
branded on the abdomen with a red
hot iron.
Albert absolutely refused to tell his
mother how he came to be so shame
fully treated, but subsequent pressure,
the lad's continued illness and the fact
being known to his mother that that
night he was to have been initiated
into one of the several fraternal socie
ties of Mission High School pupils,
caused a rigid investigation, which re
sulted in unraveling some of the mys
tery.
Albert returned to his home at mid
night Saturday and hurriedly retired to
bed. Occupying the same bed with
him was his little nephew, John Lewis.
The last named was startled by Al
bert's severe sickness and called upon
Mrs. Short to come to the sufferer's
aid. While attending to her son Mrs.
Short discovered that he had been
branded. The wounds caused by the
cauterization were badly inflamed.
STUBBORNLY HOLDS SECRET.
Albert- stubbornly refused to relate
the facts. When his mother determined
to send for a doctor he begged her not
to do so, for the injuries, he said, had
been dressed by his companions, who
had remedies at hand. Being pressed
for details, Albert said that he was un
der oath and would, not divulge the
names of those, who were responsible
for his condition. When the subject of
Initiation into the fraternity was men
tioned hd pleaded that he himself was
as much to blame as any one, since he
had consented to stand by what might
occur. He acknowledged that he had
gone through some sort of ceremony
and refused to give further informa
tion.
"As it stands the Jurisdiction of the
school ceases when the pupils have
reached their homes after dismissal. It
is a deplorable affair."
One other boy underwent the initia
tion on Saturday night and some time
ago a youth was badly shocked while
undergoing the rough treatment of a
mock initiation. He had been blind
folded and turned loose upon the street.
His companions watched him walk
headlong into a lamppost, with the re
sult that his head was badly bruised.
The boy's parents took the matter in
hand, and through their application the
boy, who had come to the Mission High
School from the Lowell High School,
was returned to his former school."
"In Berkeley they paint letters of dif
ferent classes on the hillsides and now
children of the public schools are doing
exactly the same, which only proves the
force of example.
WOULD EXPEL THE LAWLESS.
"If the parents of the boy injured
complain to me I shall investigate the
matter immediately. I would sooner
that we dispensed altogether with pu
pils who would be guilty of so great an
outrage. Indeed, I would willingly see
the school cleared of all its pupils if a
lawless element prevails nnd begin over
again.
Joseph O'Connor, principal of the
Mission High School, was amazed to
hear the shocking story. He said:
"I am shocked. That alone describes
my feelings. Such proceedings should
be stopped. I do not believe In young
people being cruel to one another, even
If that should be the price of special
friendship afterward. I think that if
they are intelligent enough to be stu
dents of a High School, they should
certainly know what they owe to one
another In the way of privileges and
rights, and no one should wish to do to
another what he would object to have
done to himself. ¦
"It is time to strike at the source
from which these abuses spring. At
best the societies, so far as I know, are
merely opportunities for the members
to have fun at the expense of other
people.
"I feel very certain that if these
things could be prevented in the uni
versities and colleges they would soon
die out in the secondary schools.
"They are checking hazing in Gov
ernment academies and I cannot see
why the practice should not be pre
vented in the universities, colleges and
schools all over the country.
SHOCKS SCHOOL PRINCIPAL.
"Surely there ought to be some exam
ple made of those who are guilty of bru
tality which one might expect only
from savages. I am speaking now in
the interest of all students and parents
of youths attending our schools. It is a
miracle that* my boy was 'not mur- ;
dered."
singing deep into his flesh. It is horri
ble. And further, the boy will bear
that awful brand with him to the
grave.
MISSION HIGH SCHOOL STUDENT WHO WAS VICTIM OF BRUTAL
OUTRAGE INFLICTED UPON HIM BY MEMBERS OF SO-CALLED
COLLEGE FRATERNITY WHILE THEY WERE INITIATING HIM.
Chief of Police O'Neill to-night as
serted that there was a strong probabil
ity that Neidermeier and Vandine
would tell of all their accomplices fn
other crimes In which both men ac
knowledged they had helped.
From the assertions made by Neider
meier and Vandine to-day it is said by
the police that more arrests will be
made.
"Before last May I spent three years
in hold-ups and robberies outside Chi
cago, and if the rewards are forthcom
ing for my mother I will make a clean
breast of everything."
The police have been so appalled by
NeJdermeier's confession that they
hardly give credence to all his asser
tions. It is thought that his anxiety
over his mother's welfare has prompted
him to make himself the author of
crimes he did not commit.
"I stalled the train alone," said Neid
ermeier, "then I entered the baggage
car and threw out three sacks. Barnes
grabbed one of them. I did not get
any, as I was lucky in getting away
with my life. They found Barnes in a
swamp with his throat cut. He had the
razor in the hand that he committed
suicide with.
Operator Dougherty and Ticket Agent
Lathrop, the victims of the robbery in
the Clybourne station hold-up, were
present during Neidermeier's confes
sion, going over with him In detail the
robbery and the shooting of Lathrop.
Neidermeier detailed the Paducah,
Ky., hold-up perfectly, refusing to tell
the names forethe reason that none of
the Illinois Central detectives were
present. He offered to tell Special
Agent O'Keefe the entire story of the
daring robber}', and even show him the
house in Kentucky where he hid after
the robbery.
BANDIT TALKS FRANKLY.
Special Agent W. RIley of the Chi
cago and Northwestern Railroad prom
ised him that Mrs. Neidermeier should
be given the reward of $500 for the ar
rest ana conviction of the Clybourne
station robbers after Neidermeier de
tailed the robbery to them and exon
erated a man named Dolle of St. Louis,
who Is now under indictment-
When Neidermeier went back to his
cell it was with the assurance that his
mother would be bettered J&00 finan
cially, o c
A hold-up and attempted robbery of
a Baltimore and Ohio train at Edge
moor, Ind., four years, ago.
Miner hold-ups and robberies in and
out of Chicago were mentioned by
Neidermeier. In all cases he was care
ful to conceal the names of his asso
ciates in crime, merely giving sufficient
outline of tne crimes to warrant Chief
O'Neill in believing that Neidermeier
was telling the truth.'
THINKS OF HIS MOTHER.
Hold-up and robbery of a Chicago
and Northwestern train ¦ near Boone,
Iowa, six months ago.
A few of the additional crimes he
claims to have participated in are as
follows:
Robbery of the Illinois Central ex
press at Paducah, Ky., in which
Barnes, one of the robbers, cut his
throat ¦while surrounded in a swamp.
The others escaped.
Hold-up of a stage coach and a faro
bank in Nevada two years ago and rob
bery of the mails. No one was shot and
the robbers escaped without recogni
tion.
CHICAGO. Nov. 29.— Peter Neider
meier. onr» of the members of the quar
tet of young bandits who for the last
Eix months have terrorized Chicago, in
another confession to-day added sev
eral more crimes to the long list al
ready charged against him and his
companions, Vandine, Marr and Roeskl.
With parental love uppermost in his
mind, Noidermck-r offered to tell Chief
of Police O'Neill of a score of train
hold-ups, burglaries and other crimes
that he has committed if the rewards
offered will onJy be sivon to his mother.
•I want to know that my mother will
be cared for after I am hanged," savi
the 21 -year-old boy, who is now the
self-conferspd murderer of five men. "I
am guilty of crime of which you know
nothing and for which innocent men are
now suffering. There are rewards of
fered for my capture and conviction. If
you will guarantee that these rewards
will go to my mother I will convict my
self. I will confess crimes that will
startle you."
In order to make good his word Neid
ermeier told of a few crimes which he
claimed to have committed. He out
lined them in such a manner. Chief
O'Neill declared to-night, as only one
concerned in them could do. Neider
meier refused, however, to divulge the
names of his partners in the crimes
referred to pending proof that his
mother would get the rewards.
CONFESSES MORE CRIMES.
Young Criminal Aeks That
His Parent Be Given
Rewards.
DIES DECLARING
IT WAS SUICIDE
The audience at the Orpheum last
evening was exceedingly large and ap
preciative.* There were several new
numbers of merit, and the hold-overs
went well. Agnes Mahr, on the pro
gramme as the "American Tommy At
kins," was well received, and her toe
dancing was exceptionally good. Clarice
Vance won her audience from the first,
and all of her vocal selections were of
the best. Hal Godfrey and his com
pany presented ,a one-act playlet, "A
Bad Boy," which took well and was
acted by artists. The character worlf Is
clean-cut and distinct and the plot is
original. Joseph Newman, the Denver
song writer, gives a number of his own
comic selections and tells funny stories.
He made a good impression. Annie Ab
bott, the little Georgia magnet, is the
most interesting of the hold-over acts.
She continues to mystify, and at the
end of each trick leaves the audience
guessing. Searl and Violet Allen are
clever dancers, and their comedy turn
continues to please. Bryant and Saville
still do their musical act, and the Ar
menls-Tito Quariet opens another
week. The motion pictures are new,
and one of them, showing a chase and
capture of English poachers, is the best
that has been shown since the escape
and capture of a burglar was thrown
on the canvas.
• • •
Those who recognized Mr. Brophy
were astounded by the coldness of the
j greeting he received from the gallery.
Instead of getting the " 'Rah for
Brophy!" and the wild acclaim of an
I admiring throng, the once popular
| actor was almost ignored. One small
j voice in the upper tier squeaked, "Sit
down, Brophy," and a gentleman in the
; balcony audibly asked his young
1 woman companion, "Who is that swell
# duck." Her answer was a headshake.
# Mr. Brophy did not sit out the play.
"Over Niagara Falls" did not afford
much original food for criticism. Its
story is ingeniously improbable, i^s
characters are .familiar to stageland
and its spectacular effects alone are
worth the money charged for the privi
lege of witnessing it.
The company arrived late from the
south yesterday and the performance
was going on before some of the
scenery and properties were received
at the stage door, which facts condoned
in some degree the tardiness in raising
the first curtain and the tedious wait
which preceded the stellar scene of the
.series— the heroine careening over
Niagara Falls in a barrel. When that
scene was finally presented, however,
the gallery rewarded it with half a
dozen recalls.'
Mr. Brophy, by the way, was among
those present yesterday afternoon. He
entered the Darv.ette while the over
ture was in progress, and he was the
cynosure of all eyes as he stalked with
stately tread down a center aisle and
took a seat near the front. At the con
clusion of the orchestral effort he arose,
walked down to the orchestra, tapped
the leader upon the shoulder, effusively
grasped and shook his hand and held
an animated conversation with him.
Then he gave the bowman's digits an
other fierce clutch and returned to his
seat.
Most conventionally melodramatic is
"Over Niagara Falls," that began a
week's engagement yesterday at the
i Grand Opera-house. It has all. the tra
! diticmal features of the class of stage
i entertainment that made the welkin
i of the big theater ring in years agone,
j when the late Walter Morosco was at
the managerial helm and "Jim" Brophy
! held a warm spot in the esteem of the
1 clientele.
Orpheum Presents New Turns
in Vaudeville to Large
House.
Neidermeier Confession
Is Appalling in Its
Depravity.
I "Over Niagara Falls"
Gives Gallery All
It Seeks.
HOMED LOVE
NOT LOST IN
YOUNG FIEND
NEW MELODRAMA
OPENS AT GRAND
THE SAN FBANCISCp CALL, VMONDAT, NOVEMBER 30, 1903.
Albert Short Will Carry to ¦¦: Grave Scars Inflicted
While Being Initiated Into a Secret Society
by Fellow Students of the Mission High School
BRANDED WITH A RED HOT IRON
YOUTH SUFFERS UNTOLD AGONY
4
NEW ADVERTISEMENTS.
XT IS A FAKASITB
That Camel Xtcaiaff Scalp. Dandruff,
ana Finally. Falllnr Kalr.
The Itching scalp, the falling hair and
the dandruff tvat annoys are the work of
a parasite hidden in the scalp. That par-
asite must be killed to cure dandruff:
and the only preparation that will do
that Is Newbro's Herplcide. "Destroy
'the cause, you remove the effect."
C H. Reed of Victor. Idaho, says:
"Myself and wife had dandruff and fall-
ing hair several years. Two bottles of
Newbro's Herpicide completely cured us.
after several other preparations had
failed to do srood.' Makes hair grow
glossy and soft as silk. Hundreds of
other testimonials Jost as strong. Sold
by leading druggists. Send 10c in stamps
for sample to The Herplcide Co., Detroit.
Mich.
CASTOR I A
For Infants and Children.
The Kind You Have Always Bougbt
Si«uaturo of Wfc<a^£/?&f£2*tfLarge Transactions That
Contain a Lesson;;
That Counts.
PETALUMA IS PLEASED.
The Petaluma Argus reports that "the
surveyors and engineers of the Peta
luma ard Santa Rosa Railway Com
pany arrived in Petaluma Thursday,
and the first work on the new road
was done on Friday morning, when
the men bejjan putting in the grade
Flakes on Oopeland street In Cast Peta
luma. A similar corps of men will soon
be out to work on the other end of
the line. Friday A. D. Bowen and as
sistants assumed possession of the
temporary headquarters of the new
company in East Petaluma.
"This will be the general headquar
ters durinc the work of construction
P and an office force will soon be put to
work. The big power-house for the
ruaJ will be located at Sebastopol. The
rtmpany has already bought thirteen
acres of land for that purpose."
NOTED FRUIT AUTHORITIES.
The Orovllle Register tells of the
orange industry, In Butte County. The
season has fairly begun, says the Re^-"
Ister, and there are t)etween fifty and a
hundred men. women and girls at work
at . the packing-houses of the Califor
nia Citrus' Union boxing the fruit for
shipment East. Daily three or four cars
will be sent from Orovllle and the same
number from Palermo, according to the
statements of the superintendent of the
Citrus Union. The fruit 13 of unusually
fine quality and the trees are loaded.
•The Vlsalia Times remarks that
"George Halstead. who resides at
Goshen, states that from one English
walnut tree on his place he will this
year secure about 200 pounds of nuts.
As the market value of the walnuts U
about 11 cents, the product from tho
one tree would net if 3old about $22.
About fifty trees can be planted to th«
acre, which at this rate of production
would amount to about $1100 per acre."
Whatever eUe may be accomplished, at least
the people of the counties have been brought
closer together, understand each other better,
view the section more broadly and are more
charitably disposed toward each other. Thesa
things alone mean much for the Sacramento
Valley, since they Indicate the breaking .down
of mere political boundaries and the unification
of the people of the valley In common effort for
common high purpose.
The mere fact that there has be«n achieved
this unity among the counties is In itself
wholly compensating for all that has been don*
to this time. The valley and foothill sections
constitute a vast territory of common interests,
the units of which are the counties. To have
brought these several subdivisions into common
agreement to work for the benefit of each and
all Is full of meaning and promise for the who!*
region known as Northern California.
The Sacramento Valley D«velopmeat Asso
ciation has for Its purpose a praiseworthy ob
ject, one that must have the commendation of
all thoughtful people. It embraces fourteen
counties . lying- above the waist of the State, la
the valley and aloncr the foothills. These, coun
ties, through the agency of that most powerful
of all forces — union — are now working together
by various methods and devices to publish to
the world in a practical and rational way th«
claims of the valley and Its borders for desira
ble population and investment.
The Sacramento Bee tells of the pur
poses of the Sacramento Valley Devel
opment Association as follows:
Development Association Wants
14 Counties to Pull Together.
WORE IN THE VALLEYS.
If we eliminate fruit growing as an
attraction to tillers of the soil what
have we to offer that may not be found
elsewhere? Climate? Yes; but man
cannot live on climate alone. Shall It
be stock growing and dairying, aided
by irrigated forage plants— as alfalfa?
There j is much to be said in favor of
this occupation, but is it enough? Is
it sugar-beet growing? That, too, we
urge as an attraction, but if does not
entirely -suffice.
• When, you get away from the pro
ducts of the orchard, • vineyard and
garden as the' chief attractions to the
home builder there are limitations and
objections ¦ at once obtruding. I con
tend that to Intelligent fruit growing
in California— and by intelligent I mean
proper selection of varieties with refer
ence* to soil . and climate, proper culti
vation ] ot f ithe soil , and : preparation of
the : fruit' for, market and co-operation
in placing the product. on. the market
to such intelligent fruit growing there
are no limitations. ¦¦-.-¦¦
) , California is to be . ! the orchard of
America. "Fruit is . destined to be the
"ultimate glory of California,"
VARIED ATTRACTIONS.
Accordingly, leading interests put
aside all feelings of Jealousy and an
tagonism and patriotically came, to
gether in a discussion of the conditions,
and with an earnest desire to do what
they mizht to remedy the evils that
were at that time consuming growers.
As a result of this . conference this
Would these happy and prosperous
fruit growers go back to wheat, and
sheep?
The remaining 60 per cent was han
dled by what were known as independ
ent shippers, including such firms as
the Earl Fruit Company, the Fay Fruit
Company, the Ruddock Trench Com
pany, A. Gregory, the Spruance Fruit
Company, Moulton «& Green, A. G.
Stearns, the West American Fruit
Company, the Redlands Orange Grow
ers' Association, the Redlands Eclipse
Association and F. B. Devlne.
All of these Independent shippers
were antagonistic not only to each
other, but also to the Southern Cali
fornia Fruit Exchange, thus creating a
great deal of vicious competition, the
result being that California fruits not
only had to fight foreign importations,
but under the system of marketing,
they actually fought themselves to a
far greater degree. The result, as this
agency believes, could only be disas
trous to the fruit grower.
Last February it became apparent to
those best informed in the business that
unless something was done to put a
stop to the unhealthy condition then
prevailing as regards competitive mat
ters certain ruin for the grower was an
inevitable conclusic-n.
Previous to the formation of the Cali
fornia Fruit Agency, the citrus fruits of
California were marketed by a multi
tude of shipping Interests, the largest
being, of course, the Southern Califor
nia Fruit Exchange, which was a
purely co-operative movement, they
controlling at the time this agency was
formed about 40 per cent of the entire
output.
A dealer in the East would telegraph
one shipper- that another was quoting
The vital difference between our or
ganization •¦ and others is that we now
have secured practically a solid front
to compete with foreign and other do
mestic • shipments, whereas before the
organization of the agency we were
fighting ourselves and every one else
also. As an Illustration. of the condi
tions existing prior to the formation of
this agency, will say that on the first
day of "April, we came into possession
of the 'correspondence that had been
carried on between our various pres
ent members and the Eastern trade,
and It was simply appalling to note
what we had to contend with.
At the time of the formation of this
agency on April 1st, the present year,
we took over fruit that was in transit
and fruit that was on track at various
Eastern markets, but yet unsold, and
as a proof of the wisdom of the move
ment I will say that when this agency
began business we were Immediately
charged , with the disposition of some
thing like 1500 car loads of fruit in
transit unsold, not to mention the fact
that practically all of the Eastern mar
kets were then glutted. In other words,
this agency inherited infinitely worse
conditions than had ever been known
before in the history of the business.
We were charged with meeting not
only the conditions as mentioned, but
also with the organization of a system
to handle the business, without having
previously had an opportunity to pre
pare ourselves to meet the great emer
gency. In addition to the difficulties
mentioned above, we were instantly
confronted with the fact that specula
tors all over the United States had
tremendous quantities of apples in cold
storage which they had been holding
up to escape great losses.
About the first of April their case
became hopeless and they were obliged
therefore to dump tremendous quanti
ties of that fruit on the. markets re
gardless of what It brought. This of
itself was sufficient to demoralize the
fruit markets. Another serious diffi
culty we had to confront which I shall
mention as another reason for our ex
istence is the fact that an unusual
quantity of our fruit had been held by
the growers for a late market, the
result, of this being that, between the
1st of April and the 1st of July, we
were forced to place on the markets
double the amount of fruit that had
ever previously »been shipped out of
California during the same period. In
further justification of the movement
one of our principal members made the
following statement:
"After carefully estimating what
would have been the results to our
growers had the agency not been form
ed,'we have come to the conclusion that
our growers have received at least
$100,000 more money than 'they would
have received had the organization net
been accomplished." This shipper sup
plies about 10 per cent of our holdings.
SHOWING SOLID FRONT.
agency was formed, and the whole in
dustry, or " so much of it as is con
trolled by this agency, was placed on a
co-operative basis.
OPENING CONDITIONS.
BY G. W. FELTS, SECRETARY CALIFORNIA FRUIT AGENCY.
President State Board of Trade.
In 1S59 Horace Greeley made a jour
ney to California, and on his return
published a volume entitled "Overland
Journey From New York to San Fran
cisco." One of his published letters was
written August 27, 1S59, at San Jose. In
that letter, after stating what he had
seen of the wonderful productiveness
of our soil and climate in his travels
about the State, he said: "Fruit, how
ever, is destined to be the ultimate
glory of California. Nowhere on the
earth is it produced so readily or so
bountifully. Such pears, peaches, apri
cots, nectarines, etc., as load the trees
of this valley, and of nearly every val
ley in the State which has had . the
chance to produce them, would stagger
the faith of nine-tenths of my readers."
I doubt if there ever arose ev»n in the
prophetic vision of Mr. Greeley the in
spiring picture of orchards, gardens
and vineyards which is presented to
day in the valleys and on the hillsides
from San Diego to Shasta. It took the
people of the State twenty years to
comprehend something of the signific
ance of Mr. Greeley's prophecy, and it
is but now beginning to be fully real
ized.
GROWTH OF INDUSTRY.
Fruit-growing in California did not
assume importance until shipments by
rail became practicable. This was about
the year 1880. The growing of wine
grapes and table grapes to some extent
had made considerable advancement,
but other fruits had attracted little at
tention, and tha't In but few localities.
Production, except as to wines, had not
far overreached home consumption. Ac
curate statistics are wanting prior to
1S90 of shipments out of the State.
Since the latter date and including
1E90 they have been gathered from of
ficial sources and are found in the an
nual reports made to the California
State Board of Trade. In 1880, omitting
fractions, we shipped out of the State
as near as I can learn thirty-three car
loads of ten tons each of raisins, 157
carloads of fresh fruits, twenty car
loads of dried fruits and 335 carloads of
canned fruits, making a total of 545
carloads.
Shipments of oranges were made in
no considerable quantity, but as show
ing progress in that culture Riverside
In 1886 took first premium for the best
collection, not less than twenty varie
ties, at the New Orleans World's Fair.
Note now the shipments. In carloads of
ten tons, as compared with. 1890 and
1902, the figures being tabulated as fol
lows:
Kinds. . 11880. 1890. 1902."
Fresh deciduous fruits 1 157 3.4O4 10,<>40
Citrus fruits I • 3.421 22,557
Dried fruits 20 3.229 15,104
Raisins S3 2,056 4,757
Nuts • . 78 1,002
Canned fruits I 335 4,000 $.064
Total cars fruit.. 545 16.194 61.714
Wine and brandy '. ¦ •.-; 6,000 8.8G8
Vegetables • •.. 6,056
Total carloads, all kinds 545(22.104 77.538
•Not reported. ~
RICH FREIGHTS BY RAIL.
For many years the Central Pacific
Railway sent empty trains of cars East
to bring articles of consumption to Cal
ifornia for which we had little to send
back In exchange. Fruit growing
turned the scale and this fact in part
i made lower rates of freight possible.
Not all this tonnage went by rail,
but most of it did and it has become
a large factor in railroad dividends.
Stated exactly, 70.3S4 carloads of ten
tons each of the products in the fore
going table went out of the State by
rail in 1902 and 7154 carloads by sea.
Few of our people have stopped to
think what a vast product this is and
what an amount of traffic it gives to
our overland railways and Eastern
connections and its Influence on rates
for ' all transcontinental traffic. In
tons it is greater than the entire
wheat crop of the State for the crop
year 1900-1901 and not much below the
crop of 1901-1902.
It required ninety-six cars.^with
twenty tons each, moving out o*f the
State every day in the year, to carry
this exported product of our orchards,
vineyards and gardens for 1902. Will
some one figure what this means to the
transcontinental railroads and connec
tions? Would $18,000,000 be far from
the truth?
ORCHARD DISTRIBUTION.
It is interesting to know where in the
State lies this source of her wealth and
what part of the State is enriched by
it. The annual reports made to the
State Board of Trade have for obvious
reasons stated separately the shipments
from Southern California, south of the
Tehachapi Mountains and Northern
and Central California, lying north of
the Tehachapi Mountains.,
The facts can be no more graphically
given than by the subjoined table. The
products are classified as far as the
railroad companies have reported them,
thus showing the kinds and quantities
produced in each region. The official
reports from which I quote show the
terminal points of shipment, but I
omit these from the table for brevity.
They are In the north and central part
of the State— San Francisco, Oakland,
San Jose, Fresno, Stockton, Sacramen
to and Marysville. In the south are
Los Angeles, Orange, Riverside, San
Bernardino and San ' Diego. These
points are the terminals for the fruit
regions around them.
Shipments from the State. 1902, carloads, ten
"torn each, by rail and eea.
North and Cen- South
. Kinds. tral California. California.
Deciduous fresh 9,007.4 ~ 41 7
Citrus 1.W57.3 \ 'SO.OCIMS
g rt ,ed ••• 14.244.C- 8 «. 8
Raisins ...*.... 4,543.6 -13 0
Nuts : 206.3 7or>'e
Canned... 7.405.O ¦ &c<5.5
}L v «ne 7,739.6 171.1
Brandy ........ 3(52 0 . - 7
Wine and brandy, '
not segregated 421.5 . 1713
Vegetables .- • 4.I6I.8 2,704.8
Total carloads.... 50.019T" 26,619.0
PRODUCTS BY SECTIONS.
It thus appears that nearly! all the
deciduous fruits . shipped out of the
State to consumers— fresh, dried, rai
sins, cannediwine and brandy— go from
Northern and Central California, and
nearly all citrus fruits and most of the
nuts and a little more than half qf, the
vegetables go from SouthernCalifornla.
BY N. P. CHIPMAN, PRESIDENT STATE BOARD OF TRADE.
Most of the almonds are from the
north and about all of the walnuts
from the south. .The reader may make
his own deductions from this table. In
connection with the first table, it tells
an interesting story. If The Call per
sists in its contribution of a page, once
a week, to California industries— a
most timely and important step toward
advertising our resoucces— I will later
on tell your readers what relation our
climate bears to the distinctive fea
tures of fruit-growing here, including
olives and figs and some other fruits
not mentioned in the table, and will
demonstrate that, from an economic
standpoint and from the readings of
the thermometer, th'ere is no substan
tial difference in the climate of Califor
nia, from end to end, except as we
reach the higher altitudes of the moun
tains.
I cannot in a single article cover all
the questions relating to fruit-growing
In California which naturally arise in
the homeseeker's mind. For example,
he will ask, "Does fruit-growing pay?"
Are we over-producing? How are we
to best market : our fruits? The
story is a long, one and none of it
is fiction, and is Just now interesting
many thousands of people. But \t must
come in chapters. Let this answer for
the first.
COMPARATIVE VALUES.
The importance of an industry is de
termined largely by its wealth-produc
ing capacity and its profit to the people
engaged in it. The first consideration
is to supply home consumption; sec
ond, to produce a surplus for sale or ex
change for articles of consumption not
produced at home; third, to put in
bank as snug a sum as possible to be
used in broadening and ennobling our
farm life.
The farm value for 1902 of the prod
ucts mentioned in the table, exclusive
of the Income from home consumption,
was about $35,000,000' This is $7,000,000
greater than the farm value of all the
exported wheat, barley and wool and
the farm value of all the hops and
sugar beets grown in the State.
lean remember when the fruit'grow
ers, In the. Ws, began to expand their
plantings, the wheat farmer looked
upon ' the industry as a . "piddling"
business. . The wheat grower regarded
the orchardist ' with a sort of com
placent pity and contempt. And yet a
little reflection ¦ ought to have shown
these self-satisfied farmers of immense
wheat ranches that, as State builders,
they were - a' clog _and hindrance,, and
that a large population, would never be
attracted . to \ California ; to grow wheat
i alon», which, with equal profit," could
be produced in many. other' States
where' land was cheaper.
It was obvious to observing' and
thoughtful ' people here ¦ that the
economic value of our climate and soil,
maklng intensive * farming of high
priced products possible, would " be
thrown away if we persisted in wheat I
growing to the- exclusion of a higher
and more valuable- culture. -And so
fruit planting and cits concomitant, ir
rigation, went on and have made Cali
fornia' famous throughout ; the civilized
globe. Look at' the wheat : and, sheep
abandoned lands around Riverside and
other-places south;, at Fresno,. Santa
Calar, Vaca\<lle and other, places north.
Comprehensive Review of the Growth of
the State's Greatest Industry.
Benefits That Co-operation Has Brought
to the Growers of Oranges.
SCENES IN SOME OF THE ORCHARDS OF NORTHERN CALIFORNIA THAT YIELD HEAVY FRUITAGE.
In a general way I may say that the
proper distribution of the shipments
and apportionment to the various mar
kets Is of the first importance.- Then
the auestion of the law of supply and
demand will materially affect results.
The indications at this writing are that
the fruit will be of exceptionally fine
quality, and if It shows good carrying
and keeping qualities, the difficulty of
our task will be greatly decreased.
In conclusion, permit me to say that
particularly In this movement the
measure of success Is the measure of
control. "We are directly and entirely
the agents of the grower. With his
unanimous support we cannot fall to
immensely improve his condition.
In the organization of the agency,
shipping Interests which have been in
business since the very beginning of
the production of citrus fruit In this
state, patriotically met the conditions
confronting us and sacrificed their
standing In the business world to the
extent of literally going out of busi
ness, merging and hiding themselves inl
this agency, and that too on a basis of
less profit than ttiey have been accus
tomed to enjoy, and with the posltlra;
knowledge that they were sacrificing
without reward their reputation In tha
business world that is always a valua
ble asset to any successful concern.
The probable output for the present
season has been variously estimated
from 2T.00O to 20,000 carloads, arid it Is
estimated that this agency will be
charged with the distribution and dis
posal of something like 23,000 cars. I
will say, without fear of contradiction,
that with the large percentage of tha
output now in our control, there Is no
question that we will be able to
give infinitely better results to the
grower than could possibly be obtained
wiihout such an organization as ours.
The net returns to the grower will
depend very largely on conditions that
cannot at this time be anticipated.
Weather conditions, trading and finan
cial conditions, importations from for
eign countries, the supply from Florida
and the islands, and a multitude of
other conditions too numerous to men
tion, will directly or indirectly affect
the prices we will be able to obtain.
As indicated before, at the time of
the formation of this agency about 60
per cent of the fruit was scattered
among a multitude of various shippers,
the majority of which was under no
contract whatever. Since that time
enough of this 60 per cent has been
placed under a term contract to give
this agency the control of something
like 90 per cent of the entire shipments.
During the season ending October 31,
1903, there were shipped 22,425 cars oC
citrus fruit. This you will understand
was shipped by all parties In the busi
ness during the year, between 10.000
and 11,000 carloads of which was mar
keted prior to the formation of the
agency.
fruit at a certain price, and be would
perhaps at the same moment wire still
another shipper entirely a different
statement, the result being that unnec
essary and ruinous price-cuttings pre
vailed as a result of one man making
different statements to different par
ties, and that, too,' when the market
and other conditions did not warrant
any such procedure.
"We confine our operations exclusive
ly to the handling of citrus fruits, and
the State of California is our field. A
careful estimate at this writing Indi
cates that this agency will control
about 90 per cent of all citrus fruit
shipments from California the present
season.
Some recent pictures representing
'¦rchards in California are published
this morning, the leading topje of In
terest being the fruit industry as ex
emplified by the writers of the signed
articles. TKese pictures were taken for
and are supplied by the California Pro
motion Committee.
Additional signed articles that deal
v.-ith the interests of California have
been secured by The Call from men of
eminence in the business affairs of this
State, which will soon appear and will
supply not only food for reflection, but
a!so bases for intelligent exploitation
of home resources and for a better un
derstanding and wiser action In many
quarters.
All the space available is devoted
this morning to allusion to current
events that have a bearing onfthe
general march of State advancement.
The papers of the interior are relied
upon for many facts in this connec
tion-
Not less Interesting Is Mr. Felts, who,
by, the way, is credited in Southern
California with having originated the
idea of the present large combination
for the shipment of oranges when he
deals with the extent of the orange
shipments. "The probable output for
the present season," he writes, "has
been variously estimated at 27,000 to
20,000 cars, and it is estimated that this
agency •will be charged with the dis
tribution and disposal of something
like 25.000 cars.
"I will say, without fear of contra
diction, that there is no question that,
with the large percentage of the output
now in our control, we will be able to
give infinitely better results to the
growers than could possibly be obtain
ed without such an organization as
oure."
VAST CITRUS PRODUCTS.
<->f less profit than they have been ac
customed to enjoy and with the posi
tive knowledge that they were sacrific
ing, without reward, their reputation
in the business world, that is always a
valuable asset to any successful con
cern."
Mr. Felts also asserts interestingly
that there were private agencies in
Southern California that were engaged
in handling the orange crop of Califor
nia, before the California Fruit Agency
was formed, that "patriotically met the
conditions confronting them and sacri
ficed their standing in the business
world, merging and hiding themselves
in this agency, and that, too, on a basis
Secretary Felts contributes a signed
article that is timely, for it tells of the
marketing of California citrus fruits in
the East and of the co operative move
ment in Southern California that has
resulted in giving to the orange grow
ers, as represented by Mr. Felts, "at'
leapt J100.000 more than if co-operation
had not been adopted on the present
scale."
MARKETING OF ORANGES.
Ger.eral X . P. Chipman, president of
the California State Board of Trade.
and G. W. Felts, secretary of the Cali
fornia Fruit Agency, which markets
the citrus fruits of California very
largely, to-day tell stories of interest to
ail dwellers in California and to all
¦who may be interested in this State.
Their signed articles .appear on this
page this morning:. (General Chipman
deals with the marvelous growth of the
chipments of fruit out from this State.
Secretary FeJts describes the work o*
the California Fruit Agency.
While this information is of value in
promoting the welfare of California, the
object lessons being th* more striking
from the facts that they are strictly
based upon commercial conditions and
that they emanate from men whose op
portunities for observation are of the
best, it is fascinating to Californians.
General Chipman tells of the increase
in shipments of f: jit out of California
from 550 carloads in 1SS0 to 77,538 car
loads in 1P02. To move the fruit that
vent out of Califo)**iia in 1902 required
an average of 96 cars, with twenty
tons each, passing out of the State
every day in the year. This imposing
array of idling stock was needed to
carry the exported product of orchards,
vineyards and gardens for 1902.
General Chipman asks: "Will some
one figure out what this means to the
transcontinental railroads and connec
tions? Would JIS.OOO.OOO be far from
the truth?" - -
Again General Chipman says, calling
attention to the greatness of the fruit
shipments comparatively and their val
ues: "The farm value 'for 1902 of the
products mentioned in the table" —
(these being deciduous fresh fruits, cit
rus fruits, dried fruits, raisins, nuts,
canned fruits, wine, brandy and vege
tables) — '•exclusive of the home con
sumption was about ?C5,000,000. This is
J7.000.000 greater than the farm value
of nil exported wheat, barley and wool
and the farm value of all the hops and
pupar *beets grown in the State."
Various Resources
• Are Developing
Surely.
Phases of Business
Are Considered
in Detail.
In • Signed Articles
Leading Facts
Appsar.
Recent Projects in
Counties Give
Promise.
NOTED FRUIT AUTHORITIES TELL OF THOUSANDS OF CARS THAT GO ANNUALLY FROM CALIFORNIA,
CARRYING THE RICH PRODUCTS OF ORCHARDS AND OF THE MILLIONS PAID OUT TO THE RAILWAYS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, NOVEMBER 30, 1903.
5the tfisi* has %tm *afe1f paasedj, William Jenning*,
Bryan has &rfhef/tanl^on«!oft£ ( he Itaa »poitett|a oDujt British
Ibrcthrcn in banquet 4? semWed. and '¦ 'there is absolutely sof s?
sign on the> horisoa <tbb indicate Jha£ Sut- friendly rfefaiions
with England have^ $eefi) #sturbe^ What g)(ghanc& w^'ve,
missed I>y ; having Tliacksgiving -day ¦f<sS:£^r\fi,
. jthi dub •women- of San Francisco have taken a stand, un
igualine^l and emphatip, against the problem play, Tim dc
cisio^ $ras to have 1>een #apectedl. The pfoblem play is sim
prjf a (Songldmefatioftcfct ftastiness and insult and seems to
Ihave 'been designed in impudence with no'othef purpose
;than toi/tesfciiowfar atoTcftnt public will, endure sn assnnlt
upoaitg »ensefpf decency andTsdelicacs^
"Somewhere in Sa«i Francisco there h s thief .hat tieserves
this well wishes of £ long-suffering, patient community, fin
Ihe v«fj heart- 0$' winter" he pushed aside the petty iriumph
ti retail robbery, allowed the wings of .his dishonest amoi
tion to spread, io wholesale ! peculation and rifled an umbtclls
factory. L,«t umbf ell* thieves accept Jiim as * patron sairxt
and feave |h« ?est ©f sjs atlone. ,
The Sultan of Turkey after much diplomatic squirming
has announced 'that the terms of Macedonian reform sug
gested by Austria and Russia are perfectly satisfactory to
him. ' In fact he thinks $hat he could not have suggested' a
better plan himself. Is Shere another m^ in the worlcl'whc
eansb successfully £empi fate . fo? a deserved thrashing anti
then smilingly .retire -from the field oi prospective discom
fiture with hide whole and conscience vindicated?
ing s fundamental ie.v; a£^ *IeaientArj
finstinci /s «: no'. :t so'id com^cra t-f^*o
jh line with natuio *•? perforni natura?
obligations, t< march t.-irh the fjfeces
•slon^ iS f hero »t an .ndesCT^bablsr Jjj-pl
tr» eaying. ' T an* a man;* "4 arj %. wore
an ihe»v «& a pimiia- joy Itj paying "I [
hid ? married man, 'J iim e jna*Tj«<ji
¦vomau. 1 J har r obeveci r jH?>if.r(lui?l
law- to nelp perpetuatt- tu& r«r3 C!»'i|
weople the 1 earth j
. The enjoyment ol lowl -jTf »ot.'J|
nas irie<i rh#» decpegr experj«jn->j if fiff»t
*ha'< ha."-- r.»n given ami FirxAvft pcr/rjj:
Tfc l*e .a hnuiati being and hav*- _nev«it4
2. We avoid the loss of personal lib*:
ertjr. The older we ge*. Lhc more
prize the alluring sweetness o$ ontire
freedom from entangling alliances.
Anything that hampers *he £ree play
of our own free ~vil! becomes intolerable
or irksome. By 3tayin£ single «ns J>re* j
Eervc aur liberty to jse ol| our tooney ;
m the gratification of our j>ersonal j
tastes. The world in 'uller and fuller of ;
luxuries which jX !s ollss *o feftjor, Iff
r'oti stay ningle ror ear* npeaol jrour?
•none>- iv iheii ajcqwisilioa wi^Hseut a]
*iualm ae to 'rhelher rou -i/ugh* &o% icj
d'.vidc '*.r<tr n. ivomun tarjji* has alsof
astte Of her otnt. You eaS also,
tloy x?w asac to suJi fotsf laotina:
l,ott A fniriii' .necessarily engrosses
rhe coveted J:ourc •¦?? neiMmpr»Svementj
;t fllvereion. Ek;)-, nobles arc *axc
i?Rthercrs who ; tr? on Jt.io <&rrtl* 4he(
¦uthletsness oT the ancient coUect©^!
r mone>- *.r : the Bomar*
« o
Whal -to r^e 5aic oj," getCfnfT parried"?
many abnormal experiences. Through
poverty or the pressure of unusual re
sponsibilities or the accidents of soli
tude or preoccupation multitudes grow
out of that divine period of impulse
and instinct into another of reflection
and calculation before they fall in love.
To them marriage becomes a question!
They have readhed that unhappy stage
where this heaven appointed relation
ship becomes a matter not of necessity
but of choice. Xothing Is more pitiful
than Its cold and impartial discussion.
The dilemma "to marry or not to mar
ry" is a tragedy like that other one,
"to be or not to be," for marriage la as
much a duty and a privilege as life
Itself.
What do we avoid by staying single?
L The risk of drawirig a blank or
catching a tartar! Certainly, if mar
riage is not a complete lottery, it is in
many senses a game of chance. Noth
ing is more certain than that the real,
vital* essential principles of character
are a post-marital discovery. Enor
mous risks are taken. But this is true
of the acquirement of any great good
in life. People who do not take the
hazard of -a noble chance may gain
trifles, but not immensities.
s- " * A
WELL.-KNOWK AUTHOR ANT>
DIVINE WHO DISCUSSES
MATRIMONY.
r Anszvers to Queries.
/ — — — —
SOLDIER— An Old Subscriber, City.
Tinner's solder for tin is composed of
four parts of pewter, one part of tin
and one part of bismuth.
DE YOUNO— A reader of Th© Call,
City. Charles de Young, at the time one
of the proprietors of the Chronicle, was
shot and killed April 23, 1SS0.
¦.¦;b'-; . ~
NOVA SCOTIA PAPERS— Old Sub
scriber, Oakland, Cal. The papers pub
lished in Nova Scotia are: Arcadian
Recorder, Evening Mail, Echo, Herald,
Patriot, Chronicle and Nova Scotian,
Dalbousie Gazette, Forward, Maritime
Homestead, Morning Chronicle. Pres
byterian Witness, Royal Gazette and
Wesleyan.
FOOTBAIX— Subscriber. City. Foot
ball -was considered a very rough same
ions, -ong aso (fn England. James i,
,v/ho reignet: from 1603 to 1625, .forbade
the heir anperen*. from playins It ou re
count oi Itr> roughness. This sovereign
In hie "Baailikon "Dontr" saro of -he
r;a;no .or "ineeter ¦ .'or laanlus W*liW
fc.hcH maizinj* n.bie playcro tierce*-**
The gano rrcx orohibitet! le, ScotJcuirl
?>y Jamec IS- Dminj; tho .eisE o' Htn
-iry-Vtli It v;as Uloga: .c fSsT, footiaK;
•«r#- Ecsia-aS; A o:-CEen;3ie.i*. Cf liat
time sharses Uic.t '^T'.llicr. \ToUo5i
\ £3is!>eha.rea liitaseli: r n pla/'ng at feat*
•\>sHi and «t 'iqt ' tuna-w^v-I soottAi"
, KfKKtw-jL ¦& a- y.tj- Tio .Ja!>o.a«
cse «mm# $Xii:o Ti«cJf. the s-ai/^
brighlness. W !s uia t&TJt ii W*a
fihe ?»oly places in j'apr.i- or. 'he mo-.ir, >
5ain« of Ahe casco ,x>m«. about ninety*
*ve «ailes north o!. foHc Ii 's -.he ne--%
«f a temple fti* vilacr:; anuonlty
*t * Euddhlai 4 .oiii->w .oundef? -n V.
For huueirede t>l fosxh I- 'aac >cei ¦
tesori ®1 iuu*i*iatl3f o' oiiamns -xtA
iht Milcad^ am-vrnr cent ?,v jn -o: -i
p fespoci Jc i'^o 30>isTior5 -»•" Tok'
j gawil -lyoyasT.%. wiK» 1'otuided - th>>
jtnilitar?> ( «lynact3 irticb hold ows*y rrosa
: 1603 to 1867. Hte Jtmriu? , tt omoirV^
I ut that- place /"hero jxo au-ir tr.n
Smento thevfc aud '. ¦. K said":'..!" >m>rr
liho most romfirkni>Ic auu .\*jca^*^
¦ places 'of the empire.
Townsentl''! OrKiornia jljicv :"*^ftt« *ri
candles, COo .-. ixnmd, fc" irtkt^ ury
etched boxej. A uieopresen. fov .?**£ 2 ¦
friends. 7lf» Market at "ibo v t>W«. •
Special informiLtion dupnlii d <JaJly to
business iiO«r>os and wublic ecu by tho
Press Clippinrr Eurean . (Allea'F\ W> '-*«¦,
fomla vtrccr. Tolepbon<> 21r.ii 1M3. •
Testing of Germs.
BT MALCOLM McDOWELL.
[Author of "Shop Talk on the "Wonders of tho
Crafts."J
(Copyright. 1903. by Joseph B. Bowles.)
"The annual diamond smashing bee
is due to open Christmas afternoon,"
remarked the gem expert of a big Jew
elry store. "Somehow diamonds breed
suspicion. Many of them are bought
for Christmas gifts, and you would be
surprised to learn how many good,
some of them fine stones are broken
under a hammer because the recipient
of the present suspected that the
sparkler was not a genuine diamond.
* • •
"The week following Christmas is my
week for listening to hard luck stories
from young men whose sweethearts
pulverized the diamonds Santa Claus
gave them. It also is the week of all
weeks in the year when I am called
upon to pass judgment on garnets,
cat's-eyes, carbuncles, emeralds, pearls,
sapphires, tourmalines. rhinestones,
quartz and cut glass and cave crystals.
"I am called upon, however, more fre
quently to tell the inquisitive lady
what her precious stone is, whether it
Is a precious or semi-preciow "stone.
There was a time when we sold only
diamonds, rubies, pearls, emeralds, gar
nets and samphires, but now there. is a
great demand for mlneralogical gems,
such as the tourmaline, zircon,' star
ruby, asteria, titanite, cat's-eyes, etc
If a stone is hard enough to scratch
quartz, but is soft enough to be
scratched by a topaz, I know"it belongs
to the group tabulated between quartz
and topaz. If it scratches topaz, but
can be scratched by a sapphire, I know
it ?s of a hardness between topaz and
sapphire. Thus if a stone claimed to be
a rubv is brought to me and S find \£
to be only «s hard, as topaz & know it
1s not a ruby, but probably a spinel j
ruby;, which Is> far from being a true
iTuby,, If a piece of rock 'crystal will
i scratch it I Would pui «$ dowrj as a
« common red garnet. s \
"But scratching is an f?mcoui.h method
ot testing— scratching does no stone
any &00O. A better method is to weigh
the stone under examination to get its
specific gravity* fopaa Is three
aniJ; a half jimeswas heavy as water; its
specific ffraviJv.Sa ?.B. Chrysoberyl's
specific" gravity ia &.S; the specific grav
i ity" of aquamarine i* but £.7, and so on. '•
j We lihovr (ihe speelfl6 arravJt y of every
» gem. We ascertain, ihe specific gravity
Spf a stons by suspendlag It by a nalr
;]*rom Shs 'Seam, at « delicate Jeweler**
;' balance, weighing ii first to. the air and
'!• then '£& TT^ater. difference 1b the j
jj weight of water displace^ by the
j stone;, *na> 4CS; *peciflc gravity I» thu»
[deteraiJiaea. i
.',*• *••¦¦¦•
°'Bufe fhere- Is <* better way than that
"Woo'l float£ oh T/ater because bulk *or
hulk : it Is lighter syhile stone sinkt be
cause ($ Q« heavier 7 j.lian water. But a
CiiCsS'S cwur §>«? made Vf mixing; different
frabstfiucea ©ogether which j will float;
stsn«fe <Somei Manids are i hre« or f ouf
time* ,<ao clense at water, And In such
(liquifls phe> ( Hght«p gem. stone* wll! float.
o fcP Instance^ Q> "'ftfeju^X Jaile« ¦ jmethy >
1 Oodid* Is-iueft CiViree three*
inert? densi 1 (than cjr^tct, mnij, it
wli'3 0oav? fWiost specific
graTitjr &£&$.
Pu>! SherS arQ eemO^hicLi are Rights
e\" jhar* 2^«miali Ufs »a.n'f Qheietoro tiherj
<wll} floaS 6* fcn^ ©quid "arhiela «ril§ -loai
Jou(?ni*i'lr.c # S» «« dtiutv '$hy »iethiji J
Ceae |b4l4«> by 4kddinr # Clroji , ?>y jlro r> 4
b»:n?ir% tiiakin j* |nfi KQV<9 Ust- dense.
gravity M ttlf . coir^ Jiisftt^ffian iiest?
trtu'Tinel :¦!* t
THE STATE'S OtlMAm
j y T tex&ulte necessar^tQ put constant -emphasis upon the
• I oneness of, the dimate fcf California, ffrffheEast the
f ,A /term* Shorthand South; ?arry ¦% '•; definite, idea;;of differ
|cnces in climate and temperature in lavor qfjthe South.
I Here those terms sjre xithout significance. The dimate of
1 the State north fetid' £outhi£ practically thi? same ia;its".ciem
j ency, it* equability, and! k| range ef temperaturr. Those
»vho hispca ihe State ie«-~*hr bcst^Hcnccqiiuisisihe pro
'»<iuctio:i oS/.ht amn fnuV -§u4 €eid '.*ropi r roi.i ur.e tnriot
:i| the State ( iic1 the. othc:
ji" sQutsidera Jure jio«; to, blame /or not understanding ihat
ij there can be -the. sam^-cHmate nvrr ".7r/\»rc-j ths.?} stretches
v nearly 1000 $$iile$ iion:< •fjoirtb jT»> eoutb. •
"s» 600 mik% j&estfe. '%% fVtauifo*,: ge^iiefigfcong' ias Jrost
'|*54 «.»tf:i£$%i«$ CrSo',% while? ) "iieat
I *n»S «ioist«F#. Slaving fSe^^s?k4®f&<* 'MRtc?Vr*ith '••now
\ rBe ;«quippe4 *ith lanterns when s6S ¦'flight difty. Clfci the
! a better suggestion. -Provtae nedes
trians whose affairs lead them, ©f necessity uport ihe sttecli
at tlightVwitli lanterns and occasionally f)y 3 cciucni shey inay
. find V policeman on his "oeatL ::
The lower house ©(the Hungarian Diet ha^ 'giver, ;thc
?world an example of sanitj.'3hat.\is "as ¦ welcome as :j is nuex
| pectcri. When 71 proposition Wat rurulc ;'v. -the Jjict .?» few
1 dayi since ":c\1ioM twci sessions daily ;>; assembly -disso'lveuil
>oj- riot ami scenes -of <Hsoider almosl-sanguina^ %1it $}«$•
I vt right: "one gi its' sessions g j-cnr j*x»'mt?J snsweS a^gsecessary
j 'purposes. * .
I'- . lVo? : ' p .¦Si!; $]n President i& -Santo Pl . fcjf* beeri de«'
l^ose^ anif iff' fez*"** ihi* Siie" rauii ice* fie* jitHi anTl Hew
jk-entures.. ,Ie; him ndjhinktmi **i{is uninijctfmtfe good:
1 fFhe Policfe Commissionefs, irmed! ia their collective wis
dom of Wfiatiii^esf jot us, have decided that patioimen shall
Metropolitan Wild West.
The passersby at the intersection of
Market, Sixth and Taylor streets were
treated to a grand free exhibition of
bronco riding and buck-jumping yes
terday that put any Wild West show
way into the shade. About 2 o'clock a
tough-looking cowboy, mounted on a
wild-eyed bronco pony, came along
Market street, leading a pair of car
riage horses by a long rope. When the
pony got to Sixth street he stopped,
and suddenly whirling around wound
the long rope about the cowboy's body,
thereby nearly dismounting him. The
boy straightened things out and again
tried to start the pony. It was no go.
The same performance was repeated
over ana over again. Then the cowboy
got mad. He yelled to a boy to hold
the big horses.
Then the fun began, to the amuse
ment of the great crowd that had col
lected. The cowboy had no spurs, but
he did have a lariat, with a big knot
in the end oi it. He got the pony into
the middle of the street and lie hi- him
, a tremendous whack 'under the belly.
The pony gave a snort and made a fly
ing leap into the air. This was the
opening of The fight.
» The pony ran; on his lilnu; legs, kicked
and then cave the greatest show o:
buck-jumping ever seen on a ei'-owded
thoroughfare of 0 great eily. Tho iariat
was in -constant action, am$ the moro
action iiie more -jumning' and kicking.
'Botk Sider and 1 beast 1 were novr wild
v>ith rage. Neither apparently cared
-.rhom "ue pan !nio. belabored
iha pony, *Tvnicfe i-'ac :?nadly among the
speoiavors finu' *as against the ccable
irigiViening Vie occupants but of
Lheii wits, V&tb&ng tAstii antf Jefa In air
dircclio^is:'.
Finally, fTono sheeJ '?jb
botli sides, «a touce was declared, Ihe
bis bays ".vero toroughv: up auu, cheejefi
l»y she gang ®2 "jfjichly intoveste<0 'ool;* j
ers-ou, .^he principals «Si (toe sltov dici) ,
Appeared' Au'iffio distance. And' gi» 'tills
:i? 'UiO iieost $£' the ms^Sapoiie /•)/? Hie
PreISO Coas!j.
$ussief& Ifantffi. ;,
JaoaddSi' "WissWSlnstst; iSazctte
I srivfcf:' Ghe following saastiing 'flsTfcres
1 :2onc£r«nInB <33:e aron&meft^ 0-? Jlussist:
y "Since ?«87& Kn!li&&f2? ses*) ' ic« £&•" Russia
., 1isu> 5>e«Ei obllgaQovTr G'o5 ¦&& unois from
7,$helfi Qw«nty«fl£s«3.'.§'tt»f. fpujf aft about
870,000 young »?lie3> »*eaehing eTerj? year ,
theiS «Ena3oi*\ts' -Sboui? ,§19,000 -ar« take.-.
intaGhe actirtra ann> -and rieeSj *ncl tfr»
, 6emaiRde$ <*re Inscribe*} *,i» Che pesefre.
. tWhv fbwest estimate 0$ th«f f>eac«
'lUtfength. v>$ She Russian «irfny |mt* ffiftj
M dumber feS bfflccr* ** 3l?.00d *n<|<t>£ the
'ratfifc : *nd file -*.t >ner* |ha» &000.000 '
Uiaiejin th« l*tai 'huxube* Hieing: about 1
; fc,100,0O&, Sit *r«* th© $otaT utrength L-s
7 »ppFOJ*lmnte1^ *>B,fcO9 ©fflcerj pud 1,500k
TtiOOfncft.- j
¦ h :«jiusaia, flvrtn^ f&> its geographical
JMtualfa^ tSiiiplains -four distinct fleets!
.TdiMletSUas, oacil v.ith iu 'jwriM.rganiza
feon. There iir-J 1<> admiral*?. C8 vice ad- .
'^iviiralf ,mii T t ea-[ .-idmirnks 102 cap-j
\ tniii.-. •- l S_ ¦¦oinmander.- 1512 junior of -
Nobody can gainsay the fact that the
French are at least original. The prize
competitions lately la"ncJed with such
sensational succer • * y the French
newspapers have many interesting pre
cedents. There was once a Journal, Le
Croque-mort, -which offered as & prize
for competition a free plat of ground
In a cemetery; but this grim proposal
did not attract its readers. A more
cheerful proposal was that of Le Bien
faisant, which offered free medical at
tendance and gratuitous drugs to its
subscribers for the nominal considera
tion of 50 centimes a — onth. The most
curious competition of all, however,
was that of La Guillotine. This Jour
nal, which was appropriately printed in
red type, organized a prize competition
of which the prize was a free seat at
a first-floor window, to witness an ex
ecution.
Piquant Competition, fl
IN view of the widespread interest attaching to the recent
reduction of the wages of cotton spinners and weavers
' of the Fall River mills in Massachusetts the special re
port df'the Census Bureau on "Employes and Wages" just
issued has an added significance. This compendium of the
results of the 1900 census of 720 manufacturing institutions,
which has been prepared by Professor Davis R., Dewey of
the Massachusetts Institute of Technology, presents the
tabulations of statistics upon thirty-four industries and 304
occupations connected with these. Wherever possible com
parisons have been made with the census reports upon the
same manufacturing concerns for .1890. A classification of
wage scales according to geographical sections is also ap
pended.
The first striking deduction to be made from the o compari
son of the statistics of 1800 and 1900 is that the specialization
of skilled labor is yearly becoming more complex. The
increased use of machinery, the employment of machines to
do the work which was ten ye e ars ago the province of the
hands, the growth of new industries attendant upon the ad
vances of scientific discoveries — all these conditions have de
veloped the.remarkable segregation of skilled labor into
minutely specialized branches of activity. As a corollary to
this condition the fact that there is at present a larger field
for unskilled labor than formerly existed is demonstrated by
the statistics. The skilled mechanic, who ten years ago con
trolled the operations of one machine while his associates
completed the production of the manufactured article by- the
work of their hands, has been forced to give way to six me
chanics whose engines now leave nothing to be fashioned
by the fingers.
The natural result of this leveling of the barriers between
skilled mechanics and heretofore unskilled operatives has
been to equalize the earning powers of the two classes. The
skilled mechanic of ten years ago is not now so efficient a
factor in production, and consequently the rate of wages of
the few has been cut down to meet the demands of the many
who now claim an equality of skill. While in a given indus
try there may not be as high a maximum mark of wages as
formerly' the average rate of pay shows a considerable in
crease on account of the increased production and the larger
staff of machine operatives necessitated.
There are many conditions which prevent an exact de
termination of a possible general increase ©f wages during
the ten years past. The fluctuating purchasing power of the
laborer's wage under the conditions of locality and the vary
ing retail prices of the necessities of life rendtT such a con
clusion null. Again until some common factor can -be de
viled to subtend the conditions of wages in different pur
suits and under the many local influences controlling labor
no exact comparison between the wage rate of 1890 and 1900
can be drawn.
"Six hundred and " gasped the
woman. "Why, that's outrageous. The
jeweler next door has a necklace in his
window, every bit as good as this, for
57."
A pioneer Jeweler, noted for his col
lectionjof precious stones, who recently
moved his establishment from Post
street to Market street, has about
reached the conclusion that his move
was an unwise one, and all because he
happened to select as his new location
a building surrounded by others de
voted to the use of "Jewelers," so
called, who sell the kind of jewels
that are made to Suit the fancy of those
who like finery but who have not the
price of the genuine article.
A few days ago this merchant had
on exhibition in his window a hand
some diamond necklace. A tag in
formed the passers-by that it could be
purchased for $685. It had been on ex
hibition about an hour when a woman
about 35 years of age, attired in an
up-to-date but rather loud* costume,
walked in and asked to be shown the
necklace. She held it up to the light,
breathed on each of the stones, rubbed
the moisture off on her fur cap* and
then said, "I'll take it."
She opened her purse, while the jew
eler was wrapping up the valuable ar
ticle, and when he was about to hand
the package to her she placed on the
showcase a $5 gold piece, a silver dol
lar and 85 cents in small change. As
tounded, the merchant took a fresh
hold upon the package, ' which the
woman had already grasped, pulled it
from her hand and informed her that
the crice was S6S5.
All That Glitters.
EMPLOYES AND WAGES.
The stuffed specimen of the second
largest giraffe In the world will be ex
hibited at the World's Fair. It is now
being prepared by the taxidermists of
the National Museum- at Washington.
This giraffe will not only be high in
stature, but will also be the most valu
able animal in the world. This is owing
to the fact that the papier mache used
in its construction is the ground-up
pulp of thousands of $1, $2, $5, $10 and
$20 bills from the Bureau of Engraving
and Printing.
A complete shoe factory In operation,
illustrating the many Improvements in
the art of shoemaking and the latest
machinery for all minor detail work
will be shown in the Manufacturers'
building at the World's Fair. Skilled
and rapid operators will have charge of
the machines and the handling of the
machines. Many novelties in the way
of shoe machinery and shoes will also
be on exhibition.
In Idaho bees feed on alfalfa and
produce a honey that Is almost as
transparent as glass. This feature will
tie shown in a unique honey exhibit in
the Palace of Agriculture at the World's
Fair.
In America It is known as a "dug
out." In the Philippines, where this
one came from, the natives call It a
"bunca." The one on exhibition now
in the Philippine section at the "World's
Fair Is hollowed out of an Immense
rosewood log, and it is * fifty-five feet
long.
Jottings From St. Louis.
concern
Schwab has been accused of a wicked attempt to bribe
Nixon. There is nothing, however, in the revelations of
the gigantic and shameless conspiracies' of the shipbuilding
trust to indicate that Mr. Nixon needs j^ guardian in his
various affairs. He seems to have been very well able to
take care to secure his share of the dubious profits of the
But in the strain of life there are so
BY CHARLES FREDERIC GOSS. D.D.
(A itbor of "The RedemrtJon of D*vld Cor-
Bori," "T*o Moths an<J a Star." *tc.)
tCopylirht. l»03. by Joen* B. Bowie*.)
T.n a perfectly normal human expe
rience tfce profit and loss of marriage is
no more a matter of calculation than
is the mating of birds or the blossom
ing of flowers. Imagine a rosebud sit
ting down 0 to figure out whether it had
better bloom or not!
When everything goes as It ought to
the affections of, young hearts burst
into blossom like lilies and, hand in
ha^d, they make their way to the mar
riage altar without a doubt or ques
tlorPas to what is sacrificed or gained.
"Matrimonial Economy.
fleers, 603 engineers, 702 medical and
civil officers and 152 naval yard officers.
There are eighteen battleships (with
six building and six projected), four
armored cruisers (several projected),
nineteen cruisers (with eight building),
seven torpedo gunboats, twenty-six de
stroyers (with twenty-seven building
and twelve projected), two submarines
(fifty projected) and fifty-three tor
pedo-boats built or building. The total
number of officers and men in the Rus
sian navy is about 60,000."
The good prices ruling for'farra products, especially grain
and cotton, inspire confidence, and even the industries,
which have lately been the subjects of much complaint and
foreboding, seem to be in rather better condition. The re
cent decline in quotations for crude iron is apparently help
ing the iron and steel market, though the improvement is
irregular and slight. Structural goods, however, are meet
ing with a good demand and colder weather has perceptibly
stimulated the. movement in clothing, woolen goods and
footwear. There is also a good holiday trade and present
prospects are that the Christmas retail trade of the country
will be large. Abundant crops, too, are having their effect,
and imports instead of exports jof gold from Europe are
doing much to keep the money market easier than was
thought probable some months ago, and there is nothing
that inspires confidence like the knowledge that there is
plenty of money to meet all necessities likely to rise.
The situation is aptly expressed by Daniel F. Kellogg,
financial editor of the New York Sun, who writes: "Three
great factors differentiate the present business, situation from
times in past years with which parallels are now commonly
drawn. They are, first, an absence of all troubles affecting
the currency and the presence of a huge volume of money
in the country, half of it in actual gold; second, the" well
nigh total liquidation of the debts of the Western farming
population and a* general condition' in the West of financial
affluence and social contentment; third, a foreign trade bal
ance very heavily in our favor. All this does not spell 1893
or anything like it."
The statistical position of the country does not make a
bad showing. True, the bank clearings continue to exhibit
a decrease from corresponding periods in 1902, the loss last
week being 18.3 per cent, but it must not be forgotten that
last year at this time trade was abnormally and dangerously
active, with prices- high and the public buying everything in
sight without much regard to cost. This was the state of
affairs that caused apprehension among the level-headed
financiers and merchants of the country. They feared the
outcome of this cheerful disregard of money. The land
seemed full of spendthrifts, scattering funds right and left,
building, speculating, expanding, pleasure seeking and trav
eling. Predictions of a panic began to be heard. Another
1893 was thought to be impending. But, thanks to the stern
action of the great banking interests, which contracted their
loans and promptly frowned upon plunging by their cus
tomers, the descent from the dizzy heights of extravagance
to the safer plain of conservatism, \.hi readjustment to the
more normal basis, has thus far been attended by little real
disaster. Though sundry vast combinations have been vivi
sected to their grief and the country's edification, that was
merely the penalty previous folly and recognized as such
by the public at large.
A year or two ago nobody thought of rigidly investi
gating new projects involving the absorption of millions of
capital; now it is a difficult matter to float any new thing—
not because money is scarce, for it is not, but because the
public want to know where their money is going and who is
to handle it. The proposition of passing one's spare cash
over to half a dozen men and telling them to invest it as they
see fit no longer prevails. The day of the gigantic trusts
has been like the day of the alligator, which basks in the sun
with his i cavernous mouth agape and when his tongue gets
covered with mosquitoes and gnats snaps his jaws together
and swallows a million of them at one mouthful and then
lazily opens his jaws for another cargo. The trust is such
an alligator and the people are the gnats.
The failures for the week were 167, against 182 for the
same week last year, but few of them were serious.' The
railroad earnings thus far in November are 5.2 per cent
larger than during the same time in 1902. Money in New
York is now somewhat higher than for the past few months,
fluctuating around 5 and 6 per cent, but in 1002 at this time
it was four or five times as. high, scarce and feverish. There
is no fever now and Europe is sending us large shipments of
gold in payment for our grain and cotton. :
There is nothjng new in the staples worthy of especial
comment. The grain markets continue quiet and feature
less owing to excellent crops throughout the world. Provis
ions still droop at the Western packing points and the pack
ers arc not supporting their markets. Lumber is in good
demand for export, but the local inquiry in the East and
West is reported lighter. An enormous quantity of cotton
is waiting So be marketed and the Southern planters arc
profiting unprccedentedly through the high prices. The
close of navigation fof the winter is largely increasing She
business of the Western railroads, but complaints of ca?
shortage arc not often heard. Wholesale grocers afong She
Atlantic seaboard report art «xcellent and continuous demand
lor gf oceries, especially the higher grades.
-All these conditions indicate~a satisfactory state of busi^
ness. Prices are still gradually settling: ics * lowef basis,
but the descent Is so slow that no fingers af£ Wng seriously
burned. If we get to/ the 'bottom lor; which w* are bound
without any more derangement than we have suffered ifchus
far v?e .-will he just*s %relj off anCjwobably bettef than svhen
everything was selling* at *xtravag»n4 Jjrice* ,an&'rire Amefi«
cans were & set ©£ cheerful spendthrifts.
IvHE markets of the country showed rather more tone
last week. Private and press advices from New York
— stated that the feeling of pessimism and despondency
so long prevailing in that city is passing away and is being
gradually succeeded by confidence in the future. It is
thought that; liquidation has about run its course in Wall
street and that whatever weakness the stock marRet may
develop from now on will be merely . incidental and tran
sitory. .
CHEERING MERCANTILE REPORTS.
Which scale pan rises?
I say once more as I have said so
often in the marriage service: "Mar
riage Is the ever blessed ordinance of
God." I sav with Goethe: "Marriage
Is the beginning and summit of all civ
ilization."
4. The benefit of ballast! It is of
enormous importance to every one to
have weights and burdens imposed
upon him in life. We get "flighty"
without them, like balloons; we reel
and pitch like ships; we throw our feet
like trotting horses. What we need is
gravity! Something must hold us down!
5. Incentive. This is the deepest need
of life. As the years multiply the dan
ger of every living soul lies In the dis
covery of the vanity of existence! When
we see how little the struggle amounts
to, that fatal cry / rises from broken
hearts to trembling lips, "What's the
use?" Weariness, lassitude, ennui/pes
simism — these are the ro*es of all men
and women who are not driven to their
tasks by stern 'necessity or impelled by
some divine incentive. But is there any
other such incentive as a wife and a
brood of little children? How they
keep men up to their work! With the
thought 'ht thesVTdear objects In their
minds, how fathers march up to cannon
mouths! How mothers dare the deadly
foes and do the impossible deeds of life.
Impelled by the love of their families!
Take that incentive out of the world
and how long do you suppose all other
incentives whatsoever would goad hu
manity toward its goal? How long
would the mere desire for fame or the
love of money or the lust of power In
cite men and women to heroism and to
ceaseless endeavor?
3. The comfort of friendship. Even in
marriages that are not ideal, where the
deepest love has never been developed,
where there has been much living at
cross purposes and even unhapplness
and bitterness, there is liable to' be an
Incalculable amount of sympathetic
companionship. Mutual duties force
even incompatible people into such inti
mate relationships that a spirit of com
raderie is developed. Let even an ill
mated couple think of the hours of
sweet companionship that their check
ered careers I have known (which no
other possible relationship could have
procured) and, they must feel that it is
well to take the bitter for the sweet.
loved is like being a bird and never
have flown! Who has not loved has not
lived! This is true in the sairie sense
that it is true that who has not
thought or felt or acted has not lived.
The most wonderful and meaningful of
all the phases of life has been untried
and unknown by those who have not
loved.
mate of California does not present these extremes. It is a
warm blanket, that covers the State from end to end.
The monthly report of the Weather Bureau for October,
issued by Director McAdie, is just out and is full of very in
teresting information. It gives an elaborate table of daily
temperatures at sixty-eight points in the State. The study
of the mean lowest temperature for the month discloses
facts that cannot be too widely advertised. >The mean lowest
temperature for the month was, at Los Angeles 53.7, at Oak
land 54.5, at Red Bluff 54.3, at Sacramento 52.5, at San Diego
56.9, at San Francisco 54.9, at Shasta 56.0. We have here
Oakland, San Francisco and Shasta a 'perceptible shade
higher in a mean minimum than Los Angeles, while Shasta,
nearly 800. miles north of San Diego, shows about the same
minimum.
Going to the mean maximum temperature for the month
we. find Los Angeles 78.9, while in Northern California Red
/'bluff had 80.6, Sacramento 79.8, Santa Rosa 79, Shasta 82,
Tulare 87, Upper Lake 8o, Visalia 87, Fresno 83.4 and Wil
lows 79.3- From this Eastern people will see clearly how
little north and south have to do with climate and tempera
tures in California. When Shasta shows a higher maximum
and minimum than Los Angeles and Southern California it
is easily understoodVwhy we have the same production all
ever the State and that our climate knows no north and no
south.
A -well-known collector of bad debts
dropped into the reporter's rooms at
the City Hall the other day and re
quested permission to use the tele
phone. The permission was granted
him and for 'five minutes only the roar
of his voice could be heard.
When the collector got through he
was red in "the face and perspiring,
and what he said when he left the tele
phone box and slammed the door was
not what is commonly called polite
language.
"I've Just got rid of the toughest case
I have had in my twenty-five years'
experience as. a collector," he explained
to the newspaper men who were sitting
around wondering what had happened
to disturb his usual serenity. "I'd go
out of the business if I had many more
like him. Just twelve years ago I was
given the task of collecting from him
$20 that he owed a downtown mer
chant. I chased him for two years
without getting a cent, and then he
came to me and wanted to know if he
could not make arrangements to pay
the bill in installments and rid himself
of the annoyance he said I caused him.
I was only too glad to accept his of
fer, and at his request prepared for his
signature a paper which was an
agreement to pay me weekly what he
could until the account was settled.
That paper came near driving me in
sane, for regularly once a week, for
520 weeks, ten .years, mind you, that
fellow came Into my office, paid me a
nickel, got his receipt and walked out."
Collector Outgeneraled.
INSTRUCTIVE STUDIES
BY NOTED MEN AND
WOMEN
THE SAN FEANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, NOT EMBER 30, 1903.
TALK OF THE TOWN
AND TOPICS OF THE
TIMES
THE SAIsP FHANGISGQ C AJIjL,
JOHN D.SPRECKELS, Proprietor • .... . ... . Address Commanications to JOHN . McNAUGHT, Manager
Publication Office :. <s^^^^^> Third and Market Streets, S. F.
MONDAY. :.... • • - NOVEMBER 30/ 1903
6DENVER, Nov. 29.— An attempt was
made to-day to blow up the home of
Robert A. Vallat. at Globeville, 'a ma
chinist at the Globe Smelter, who re
fused to quit work when ordered by
the union to do so. Considerable dam
age was done, but no one was hurt.
Strikers Commit Violence.
PROVIDENCE, RJ I., Nov. 29.— THe
new schedule adopted by the cot
ton mills of the State, which reduces
the wages of operatives 10 per cent, re.
storing the price list of two years ago,
will go into effect to-morrow. Thirty
seven mills, with employes aggregating
more than 17,000, will be affected.
Cotton Mill Wages Reduced.
The Injured man was removed to the
Emergency Hospital. He is suffering
from a cut in the left breast, which
elightly penetrates the lung. He has
several minor wounds on his face and
body, but none of thesse is serious. The
physicians say that the breast wound
is not necessarily fatal.
Cooper and his friends were arrested
soon after the affray by Officers Tom
Murphy and Skelly. Cooper was under
the influence of liquor and unable to
make a statement. He was positively
identified by Tierney as the man that
stabbed him. Cooper's friends will be
held as witnesses.
Tierney says that he demanded the
rig, but that Cooper refused to surren
der it. An argument arose and Cooper
is alleged to have Jumped down and
stabbed Tierney several times with the
knife. The entire 'party then fled,
leaving Tierney lying on the ground.
According to Tlerney's etory, Cooper
went to the place where the first-named
is employed and asked for the loan of a
business rig for the day. Tierney con-
Eented, with the understanding that
Cooper bring the buggy back early.
Tierney says that he waited till after
10 o'clock, but Cooper failed to put in an
appearance. He adds that he started
out to look for Cooper and found him at
the corner of Fourth and Everett
streets under the influence of liquor,
entertaining a party of friends in the
tmggy.
Frank Tierney, a stableman, of 248
Minna street was seriously stabbed in
the breast late last night by Frank
Cooper at Fourth and Everett streets.
The cutting was the result of an alter
cation between the men about a buggy.
Cooper has been arrested.
Frank Cooper Seriously
Stabs Stableman
Tierney.
Alexanaer Damon and his sister-in
law, Mrs. John Damon, were held up
and robbed by a highwayman at Stan
yan and Fulton streets early Saturday
morning. The knight of the road car
ried a revolver, which he pressed
against the forehead of one of his vic
tims. Damon was armed with a pistol
himself, but he did not have tim© to
draw it and the thief took It from him.
Mrs. Damon was compelled to hand
over her purse and was badly fright
ened. The crime was reported to the
police and the captain of deteotlves de
tailed two men to make an Investiga
tion. Thus far no arrest has been
made.
Damon Is employed with his brother
by H. L. S^hnier at the corner of
Haight and Stanyan streets. They are
engaged in the hotel business, and it
is the custom of Mrs. John Damon to
assist in tho restaurant every Friday
night. Both brothers and Mrs. Damon
usually go home together about 1
o'clock in the morning, when the place
closes, b\it Saturday John was obliged
to remain behind for a time and his
brother and his wife started away
alone in- the direction of 2528 Fulton
street, where they all live. The pair
walked down Stanyan street and were
nearing Fulton, when a highwayman,
masked and holding a large revolver In
his hand, Jumped from a doorway and
commanded them to hold up their
hands.
Damon had a pistol in his pocket, but
he had no opportunity to reach for it
and obeyed the command of the robber.
Mrs. Damon hesitated for a moment,
but the weapon was pointed in her
direction and she compiled. The high
wayman approached Damon, pressed
the muzzle of 'his revolver against his
forehead and commenced his search.
First he took the revolver that was In
hiB victim's back pocket, and as he did
so remarked that it was a good thing
that Damon did. not attempt to draw
it. Then he took what small change
he could find, amounting to but 60
cents. • '
After the robber had finished -with
the man he turned to Mrs. Damon, who
still held her hands above her head.
"I eruess you had better give me what
you have," he said, and Indicated a
purse she carried in her hand. Mrs.
Damon handed over the article and the
robber, turned and bade the pair good
night. As he did so he told them to
keep going and not to make an out
cry. Then he ran Into the Park and
disappeared among the shrubbery.
Both Damon and hl3 sister-in-law de
scribe the man as being tall and
dressed in a dark suit of clothes with a
black soft hat.
Everything that Is now, good and mod
erate priced In trunks, valises, dress suit
cases, traveling: sets, pocketbooks and
wrist bass for the Holiday trade now on
sale. All leather goods lettered In gold
free of charge. Sanborn, Vail & Co. •
Probably a Victim of Foul Play.
CHEYENNE, Wyo., Nov. 29. — The
body of W. J. Reddick of Mount Bul
lion, Cal., was found In an empty box
car at Green River, Wyo., to-day. A
gash In the forehead indicated that
death was due to a blow from a club.
The pockets of his clothing were empty
and indications are that he was thrown
into the car at Ogden.
An article on California In December
Four-Track News, a beautifully • Illus
trated and extremely interesting maga
zine. For sale at news dealers. .
fixed so long as the number of teachers
does not fall below 1000. If the number
of teachers is raised the yearly income
would increase in proportion.
PENSION LIST IS SMALL
We now have forty-one annuitants of
the School Department, some of whom
have served thirty years, while others
have served twenty years and are dis
qualified by Illness.
With $24,000 a year guaranteed we would
be able to look after the old teachers.
The money would be divided pro rata.
With" a School Department that Is fifty
years old we only have forty-one teachers
drawing annuities. The percentage of
teachers that serves for twenty or thirty
years is very small and there Is no rea
son to suppose that the yearly fund se
cured from the raise of J2 a month In
salaries would ever be Insufficient to take
care of the teachers that desire to retire"
after' long service.
There are many teachers to-day in the
schools that should be drawing annui
ties. They have given the best years of
their lives to teaching and their health
has failed. Yet they continue to teach
because there la no guarantee that they
will be given an annuity sufficient to live,
on.
If the annuity fund is established on
the lines proposed it is possible that many
teachers would apply for retirement at
once. With each succeeding year the
number added to the annuity roll would
be steady, but a very small percentage of
the total number of teachers.
The School Department would be bene
fited if it were possible for a number of
teachers to retire on annuities. It would
allow younger teachers to come in and
bring vigor that is lacking.
MISS KATE OROWLEY SPEAKS.
Miss Kate H. Crowley, principal of
the Mission Grammar School, guve her
views on the annuity question yester
day as follows:
The present annuity fund la not on a
substantial basis. I do not think, how
ever, that a pension of $50 a month should
be paid. It should be smaller. I favor
an annuity fund being created by the
teachers themselves. There Is always op
position to the State paying pensionB v to
teachers, for it is always claimed that
they are well paid.
To raise a fund large enough to give a
pension to every teacher Is not thought
of. But a small percentage of the teach
ers serve for twenty or thirty years.
I think the plan to raise the salaries
would give sufficient means to take eare
of those teachers entitled to an annuity.
Alice M. and Emma Stincen, prin
cipals respectively of the. Pacific
Heights 'and Whittler Schools, made
the following statement yesterday:
We are heartily in favor of a $2 raise In
salaries, thi3 extra money to be devoted
to the pension fund. I think that is the
sentiment of all the school teachers. We
would then be on the same footing as the
firemen and policemen, who are allowed
extra money, the same to go into their
pension fund. The money, thus raised
would be sufficient tor pay annuities to the
small proportion of teachers that serves
the term of years entitling teachers to a
pension.
Principal Joseph O'Connor of the Mis
sion High School, when Interviewed,
said:
This annuity proposition can never be
made a success. The pension fund is
the only one that will work. The school
teachers should be provided with a pen
sion fund. There are three classes of pub
lic employes— the firemen, policemen and
the school teachers. The latter are the
most poorly paid in proportion to the ser
vices they render and no provision is
made for them in the way of a pension
fund. The United States has the best
public school system in the world. Every
one has the opportunity to gain learning.
Yet its old teachers receive no consid
eration for their faithful work, while all
the countries In Europe retire their teach
ers on a pension, which many times Is
in excess of 50 per cent of what they were
receiving in active service. The teachers
of this city do receive an average salary
of $80 a month. It is not the intention of
the fathers of this movement to expect
to give every one in the department a
pension. A comparatively small number
of the teachers In tho department teach
until they reach . the retirement age.
Many get married and leave the service.
A pension fund such aa the other public
empolyes receive is the only feasible plan
for caring for the retired members of the
department.
In an interview Miss Ida M. Kervan
of the "Washington Grammar School
said:
I think the proposition is a good one,
but who ever got it up made a great mis
take In stating what the extra $2 to be
demanded was to be used for. What dif
ference does it make what we use the
extra money demanded for? The teach
ers receive little enough pay as it is.
Wages of all the worklngmen have been
Increased, but ours have remained the
same. The price of provisions and every
thing necessary to life has been increased
Almost every woman in the> department
has some one depending on her and we
cannot afford to contribute to a pension
or annuity fund unless our salaries are
increased.
Term of Enlistment Extended.
CONSTANTINOPLE, Nov. 29. — An
imperial irade has been Issued pro
longing the term of service of the In
fantry in the regular army from six to
nine years, 1 and that of reservists from
eight to nine years. It is estimated that
the effect of this will be to Increase the
army by 250,000 men.
Alex. Damon and Brother's
Wife Are Held Up
Near Park.
Thcrp is no doubt that this compulsory
clause of the acts of 1£97 and 1901 Is un
constitutional. The $1 per month re
tained from each teacher's salary is
either public money or it belongs to the
LAWS LEGALITY DOUBTED.
£o far as is kr.own no effort was made
to take "ndvantase" of this law ex
cept in this city. Certain teachers
approaching the age of retirement did or
ganize a club, whore members paid in an
argregate of $6246 P7 for two years. As It
v.-as plain that an income of $3000 a year
would not pay many pensions of $C00 a
jear and as the younger teachers showed
very little alacrity in joining, the Legis
lature, by an act approved March 9, 1S97,
provided that in this city it should be
compulsory on all teachers thereafter
elected to come Into the deal, but that in-
Ftead of contributing 1 per cent of their
pnlary they should pay each $1 a month
ell around and receive pensions of $30 a
rncnth. A substitute teacher happening
to teach one day in a given month at $3
e day would contribute one-third of her
monthly income to the fund, while a prin
cipal of a high school at $250 a month
would contribute two-fifths of one per
cent. The law was further amended and
rr-rfractfMl In 1901.
Teachers were to pay in 1 per cent of
their salaries, and upon retirement after
twenty years of service and contribution
were to receive pensions of $45 per month
during life and after twenty-live years'
pervice or more were to receive 530 a
month. Shorter periods of payment car
ried correspondingly reduced monthly
pensions.
This would seem a very enticing propo
sition. A traehrr «>nterinff the depart
mpnt at CO years of ape and receiving a
salary of $70 per month would pay In
during twenty-five year? iho sum of $210
end would be eritltled, if retired for dis
ability, to receive JGOO a year for life.
A p. according to the American tables of
mortality. Fhe rylght ospect to live 24.54
ycar^. &he could look forward to receiving
durlnp that time the tidy sum of $14,724—
e? neat a return on an investment of $210
as any teacher could wish for. The law
r-rudontly provided that in case there
Fhould be at any time no money In the
fund the demand should bear "Interest''
et 5 rer cent.
In this city the Mayor. Treasurer and
F-.iperintendcnt of Schools were made and
nntinue the comm'.SFioners of the fund.
AN ENTICING PROPOSITION.
virtually an annuity club, and provided
official machinery to collect and disburse
the funds with little or no expense to the
r arUeipants.
and nn authority on the matter of pen
pinns and annuities has prepared the
following article for The Call:
By an act approved March 26. 1895,
the Legislature of this State authorized
*uch of the teachers of any county or
city or city and county as desired to do
p.) to organize themselves Into what was
In view of the vide interest taken,
both by the public and the teachers of
the schools of San Francisco, In the
proposal to increase the salaries of the
teacher? and use the Increase for the
annuity fund. The Call to-day opens its
columa for th<> discussion of the im
portant subject.
An expert in life insurance matters
Masked Highwayman
Takes Gun From One
of His Victims.
Proposition to Raise Sal
' aries for Purpose
Considered.
We do not purpose establishing an an
nuity fund on the lines of a life insurance
company. In a life insurance company
each person joining the organization and
keeping up the payments is entitled to
the benefits at some future time either
by receiving, a lump sum of money or the
same being paid to heirs or executors. ,
All that we ask is that the city raise
the salaries of the teachers $2 a month,
the extra $2 being placed in the annuity
fund. This will give a yearly income of
$21,000 or more. This Income would be
Their contention is /that they should
not be called upon to pay to the fund be
causo they will not participate in Its bene
fits later on.
Out of 1000 teachers COO are helping the
annuity fund by belonging to the Teach
ers' Annuity Association. That is while
each teacher is compelled by law to give
$1 a month to the annuity fund 600 teach
ers are voluntarily subscribing to the an
nuity association in order to help out the
annuity fund established by law.
The only opposition that comes to the
annuity fund is from some of the young
women teachers who do not intend to re
main in the department and from some of
the male teachers who are holding posi
tions In order to better themselves later
on.
This Increase of $2 a month has been
given to the Police and Fire Depart
ments and the money goes into their re
spective pension funds.
For the last nine years the teachers
have paid $1 each a month into the an
nuity fund as required by law.. The bur
den is now becoming too great for them
to bear and that is why we are asking the
city to help us out.
We do not claim for one moment that
the $2 a month to be taken from each
teacher's salary would give sufficient
funds to pay a pension to every teacher
In the department after twenty years or
thirty years of service as the case may be.
Statistics collected by the United
States Census Bureau show, that the per
sonnel of the "schools in this country
change every five years. Assuming that
the personnel of the teachers in San
Francisco changes every ten years we
would not be called upon to give pensions
to very many teachers.
TEACHERS ASSIST THE FUND.
There Is perhaps no teacher In the
School Department who is more quali
fied to speak on the question of an
nuities and pensions for teachers than
Mrs. Mary Prag of the Girls' High
School.
Mrs. Prag has made a study of the
subject for many years and she has
collected valuable data from all parta
of the world bearing on the subject.
Mrs. Prag was seen at her residence
yesterday and in giving her views on
the subject said:
I am sorry to see that there Is any dis
position on the part of any one to attack
the proposed raiee of salaries of the
school teachers in order to provide an
nuities.
MBS. MARY PRAGr'S VIEWS.
It la now proposed to amend the plan
by Inducing the Board of Education to
raise "salaries" $2 per month, the ex
cess to be retained and paid to the an
nuity fund, and all teachers upon retire
ment to receive a pension of $50 a month
for life — a payment to which those who
joined under L the original law are-"en
titled," but do not get. As already
stated, this additional $2 would be the
property of the teachers, which the pub
lic cannot constitutionally confiscate, or
public money which cannot b« constitu
tionally given away. It Is \ very desir
able indeed that teachers should have
annuities. If their salaries were $200 a
month not one in ten of them would
save enough out of It to pay for an an
nuity. It is a difficult problem to deal
with. But this is certain: An actuary
should first be set to compute the actual
cost of the annuities, and the funds to
pay them without fall should be provid
ed. And every teacher who pays In a dol
lar should have a legal claim on what
ever that dollar pays for, regardless of
the cause of her retirement from the de
partment. It is not public policy to en
courage race suicide by discouraging the
marriage of teachers by depriving them
of their pensions If they do marry. • The
city of San Francisco cannot afford to
officially engage in the business of sell
ing gilded bricks. Annuities cost money
and should be paid for by those who get
them.
SAYS PROBLEM IS HARD.
ers entering and retiring at all ages
would be a very complicated problem for
an actuary. The department clerks at
Washington attempted to arrange such.
jl plan and paid, according to reports,
about $2500 to an actuary to make the
calculation. 'He reported that it was
difficult almost beyond comprehension
to work out the mathematical j formula
for the cost of annuities upon retire
ment for disability or at a fixed age
(in that case 70 years), but he did it.
Tho cost, however, was found prohibi
tory and the plan had to be abandoned.
Those figures could doubtless be ob
tained if desired. Our teachers' retire
ment fund is based on no mathematical
calculations. As a legitimate insurance
plan it is absurd. It is not fraternal,
for consent is not asked. So far as it
supceeds it does so by confiscation and
other illegal or improper practices. And
it cannot succeed even with them.
DRUNKEN MAN
WIELDS KNIFE
It Ib evident that this cannot last
long. It Is not lasting:. Already the re
ceipts fall to pay the demands, which are
being scaled. No reference is made to a
"permanent fund" of $50,00) which is
being accumulated, because its income
can never make good the deficit; nor has
it been attempted to describe all the com
plicated provisions of the act. Nor
does our illustration show the precise
¦workings of the law, because- the fund
is swelled by confiscating the payments
of teachers who retire from other causes
than "dipability." But the illustration
shows the result as it would be If there
were no confiscation, no unconstitutional
gifts of public money, and nothing got
from the charity of the public.
It Is of the essence of just, scientific
Insurance that each insured person pays
for exactly what he gets, plus loading
for commissions and expenses, or when,
as in rtfrs case, the expenses are little or
nothing, the cost without loading. Any
thing else is gambling or charity, or, as
in this case, confiscation. An insurance
company takes your money, invests
it and estimates to pay you in install
ments as agreed your total investment
plus compound interest at current rates
— at present 3% per cent — less the
loading, whatever it may be. If you die
early It makes money on iyou. If you
live long it loses. On the average It
makes its estimated profit. To devise
an equitable plan of insurance for teach-
teacher. If it Is public money the Legis
lature certainly cannot apply It to pay
pensions. If it belongs to the teacher
the Legislature cannot lawfully confis
cate it, and that in most cases is the ef
fect of the law. There is no possibility
of paying the pensions required by the act
from the fund produced by the payments
required. Some additions 'to the fund
are provided by way of gifts from the
public treasury, which are probably ille
gal.
These consist of forfeits from teachers
salaries— that is, money not earned and
therefore belonging to the public. No
body grudges this money, but tho Legis
lature has no authority to sequestrate it
and bestow it on individuals, and some
body may seme time object. It cannot
b>- reckonpd as an asset. There Is also a
chance for gifts and bequests. The one
thing which can be depended on so long
as it is raid is one dollar per month from
each teacher elected since March 27, 1901,
and from such teachers at that time In
the department as have signified their
acceptance of the provisions of the act.
The impossibility of making the pay
ments from the fund provided by assess
ments is readily seen. A teacher enter
ing the department at 20 years of age and
serving 30 years would bo 60 years of
ape and have paid In $360. She would be
entitled to a pension of $30 a month— that
is, Fhe would, during the first year, draw
out of the fund every dollar she had ever
put in. Who would pay the remainder?
Obviously the other teachers. If with
their consent, that ?s charity. If without
thctlr consent, it Is confiscation. And It
would be no small sum. The teachers'
expectation of life at the age of 60 is
20.91 years. For one year she has
paid her own pension. For the other
IP.f'l years it must be paid by others, if
paid at all. It would amount, during her
expectation, to $7167 60. An Insurance
company would charge for an annuity of
J3P0 a year, payable quarterly, from the
ago of 50, $5092 40. How much of this is
loading for commissions and expenses does
not appear* but It will not exceed 7% per
cent. Call it 10 per cent, and $5123 16 re
mains as tho actual cost of an an
nuity which it is proposed to give
for a payment of $360. This mill
is already ir. operation. Any teacher ap
proaching the age of retirement was. al
lowed to become entitled to the full pen
sion upon paying into the fund the sum
which she would have paid In the course
of 30 years had the fund been In exist
ence. All tho teachers who have been re
tired seem to have availed themselves of
this provision, and drew out during the
first year more money than they ever
put in.
DEFICIT W0TJU> BE GREAT.
ROBBER DESPOILS
MAN AND WOMAN
SCHEME TO ESTABLISH FUND SUFFICIENTLY LARGE TO INSURE PAYMENT
OF PENSIONS TO RETIRED TEACHERS IS OCCASIONING WIDE DISCUSSION
Many Opinions Expressed
as to Feasibility of
the Plan.
THi; .§A&; KKA-Nf;lS«;(v t;AT;I;j ; TVIOYDA';, NOVEMBER 30, 1903.
7
ADVERTISEMENTS.
rRealJEasyN|
Save lots of fff
Money ) I
Everything that's
Beautiful
Chinoware, Crockery
Glassware
Fancy Holiday
Ornaments and Novelties
Dolls, Lamps, Clocks
Rich Cut Glass
Dinner Sets
Come before Parting with
your Money
rGet our prices O
Great American hnportio? Ath
lea lo. fci
100 Stores Jf
That's the Reason. &
f-tl Msrket. 1*19 Polk. 1819 Pevlsadero.
210 Grant ar. 7^5 I>arkln. 3000 Eljrte*-nth
140 Filth. 475 Haignt. r.21 Mont^Ty av.
'£5 Hares. 2516 Mleylcn. :,"2S5 Mission.
146 Ninth. 62 Market. SCO Third.
20OS Fillrnore. 2732 21th. 4C9 Fourth.
iSHIRTsj
| ARE THE BEST
I AT THE PRICE.
\ CLUETT, PEABODY & CO. \
1 MAKERS I
WofA utBOTTUl> I
KM u> — BEER6 . 1
SOLD EVERYWHERE. H
lilLHKKT MERCANTILE CO.. 8
l PaciUc O«et Areata.
RADWAVS UBADV HKL1EP has stood
unrivaled before Uie public lor S'J years at n
I'aln Remedy. Jt Instantly rulicrea and quickly
cur** al! Cold*. J'ore Throats. Influenza. Bron-
chitia. Pneumonia. Jiheumati«ni, Neuralpla,
Hebdache, Toothache an<J all pain. Internally
(cr U&l&ria. &nd all Uuwel Pales. All dnjjrsius.
A3nTSEirF,TJT3.
ALfl AMBRA THEATER
FRIDAY AFTERNOON. Dec. 4. 1903.
At 2:30 O'clock.
MONSTER BENEFIT
PERFORMANCE
IN AID OF THE
FREE WARD
OF THE
California
Woman's Hospital
A PROGRAMME BEYOND COMPARE!
CONTINUOUS SHOW!
RESERVED SEATS $1.00
Sale will begin at Sherman, Clay A Co.'*
Tuesday mornlnz at 9 o'clock.
3 Weeks — BEGINNING TO-ITTQUT.
Nightly, Including Sunday. Matinee Sat.
Wm. A. Brady's Xr^TT A ¦^BT'^
Elaborat* Ifil A \i
Production tflf L\ W
of the V f JLJL. JL
Greatest ',
|f DOWN
Blair JParker.
Elaborated by %4 A V ' I
&£. EdB.0 1
MATINEES THUKSDAT AND SATURDAT.
TO-NIGHT— ALL THE WEEK
Th« New Scenic Melodrama
OVER
NIAGARA FALLS
Astounding Electrical Effects.
All SDecial Scenery.
Excellent Company of Eastern Players.
: Don't Miss tho Marvelously Real-
istic Niagara Falls Scene.
Beginning 1 Next Sunday SIatlne« MAIUT3
HEATH in the Rural Comedy Drama. "FOR
MOTHER'S SAKE."
DT)*PEC Evenings. ...15c, 23c. 60c and 75c
r.VltCO y^tinees 15c. 25c and 5Oe
.....MAGNETIC "VAUDEVILLE !..«.
Hal Godfrey and Company; Agnes
!Mahr; Clarice Vance; Joseph New-
man; Annie Abbott; Axmenia-
Tito Quartette; Bryant and Saville;
Searl and Violet Allen, and Or-
pheum Hotion Pictures, Showing
tho Poachers' Fight With tha
Gamekeepers.
Reserved Seats. 25c: Balcony, lOo; Box S**U
and Opera Chairs. BOc.
Commencing To-night, and Now Comes tha
Greatest Event of Any,
I "I-O-U §r ~
A Strictly New and Original Production.
A Marvelous Musical Burlesque.
Written Expressly for This House.
And our "All-Star" Cast. " Including Kolb
and Dill. Barney Bernard. Wlnfleld Blake.
Maude Amber, Ben T. Dillon. Georgia O'Ram-
ey, the Althea Twin Sister Team (their first
appearance here). Our beautiful chorus of
fifty voices. New Scenery, costumes and stage
effects. Seats now on sale fcr two weekd.
Matinees Saturday^ and Sunday.
A Great Show Every Afternoon and ETiniog
in tiis Theater.
INTERESTING BABIES IN THE INFANT
INCUBATORS.
HAMADEYA3 XZT T3S SOOI
LOTS OF FUN IN THE PENNY ARCAD3.
Stroll Throuirh the MIRROR MAZE.
AMATEUR NIGHT THURSDAY.
When Phoning Ask for "Tha Chutes."
2XISCHLLA1TEOT7S AMUSEMENTS.
ELLERY'S
ITALIAN BAND
EIGHT NEW SOLOISTS
SEATS ON SALE WEDNESDAY
SHERMAN, CLAY & CO.'S
POPULAR PRICES - - - 25c, 58c and 75c
- CONCERTS ALHAMBRA THEATER
be*!inn^ onlt Neit Sunday Night
Matinees Thursday. Saturday and Sunday.
THE WEEKLY CALL
$1 Tpev Y©ar.
Hi« | kp f\ i t\ o* • RJ
jg2| All V^ I ». I 1 1 \^T £ : £J
P of Coffees h
11 .5Ocents Pound g
||j V/e^refsoIrja^entj II
B KONA KOFFE5: KOMPANY 1
|Sf ' 4-5^Stochton il ne^rCe^r.v M,
fe£* Opp Ctly of P»»tt try Good* Co I/;
H Phone Bu5h 5IO -J pi
ADVERTISEMENTS.
A *^f\ per cent 5
££\J DISCOUNT f\
Q Framed PicturesS
Jl Priced at $4.00 and Over. A.
A SOMETHING GOOD S
AT LITTLE COST Fl
*j Discount Will Bb Allowed /SB
4z During- Tula Week lI
<*>&._ hi
'GALLAGHER BROS. Q
>| 37 GRANT ATS. '' f\
Tired babies become rested
babies-when fed on Mellin's
Food. Mellin's Food nour-
ishes.
Y f° Vfil 1 , be w ela ? thmt y° a « ent for ¦ •¦«*>«
b«b tak * i Whe ° y ° U * Be b ° W e "* er| y
MELLIN'S FOOD CO.. BOSTON. MASS.
Palace D0WT fAlL T °
rmawc 8ee the beautifu]
j COURT Lounging
aim room, the EMPIRE
UUU PARLOR, the
p X PALM ROOM, tho
liranfl louis xv par -
U1 UI1U LOR, and the LA-
EJ A J.«t~ DIE S' WRITINQ
Hotels R °og-
AMUSEMENTS.
/vqjiForiNT/r
Ijj j TIIK BIG Hit! I J*Sa
w I LAST SIX NIGHTS. |f \
AT THE
g~l* w-w HUNDREDS
ULLI' TURNED AWAT
fDHCi AGAIN LAST
wfV.vy^*-' NIGHT.
ROADS.
Best Play and Company In Tears.
&TB3B Next Sunday. tfP 90
IBB YON TON SON. j JL^~
Ihelatfuj
ALCAZAR B ™r
General Manager.
TO-NIGHT— MATS. SAT. AND SUN.
* "The Alcazar Company Is one of extraordi-
nary excellence." — Post.
"A Smile Twister and a Tear
Starter."— Examiner.
A POOR THIS
RELATION JK?
An Ideal .performance, quaintly humorous,
and delightfully pathetic.
Evg.. 25c to T5o: Mats. Sat. & Sun., 15c to 50c.
NEXT MONDAY— The Romance of Russia,
A BOYAI. FBISOIfEB.
Market' at., ' Near Eighth. Phone- South 533.
TO-NIGHT— ALL THIS "WEEK. "
MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAT,
¦ Tha Macnlficent Melodramatic Spectacle,
THE COUNTERFEITERS!
One of the Stupendous Successes of tho Ameri-
can Stage.
Heart Interest! Excitlnir Plot! Thrilllns
Climaxes!
Abundant Comedy! Sslendid Scenery!
Brilliant Cast!
PPIfP^ Evenings 10c to 60c
iaiCLJ Matinees 10c, 15c. 23c
. ( ¦ Monday, December 7th,
NEW YOBK PA-g BY PAT.
Racing 'plll|^ Racing!
OAKLAND RACE TRACK.
NEW CALIFORNIA JOCKErf CLUB.
Commencing November 14. \
Racing Each Week Day. Rala or Shin*.
Six or More Races Daily.
Races comm«nc« at 2:15 p. m. sharp.
For special trains stopping at tha track taks
S. P. Ferry, foot of Market street, at IX
12:30, 1:00. 1:30 or 2 o'clock. No sntoklnx la
last two cars, which ar* reserved for Udiea
and their escorts. •.
Returning, trains leav* track at 4: IS aad
4:45 and immediately after tha last raca.
THOMA8 H. WILLIAMS. President
rEBCY W; TREAT. Secntary.
£^, V
|j „ 1TWO PLAYERS WHO TOOK
PART IN THE SEASON'S LAST
GAME. '
Perhaps you should not play poker,
but If you do we have the cards and
chips, loose or put up In elegant cases,
that will make the game a pleasure; also
plain and fancy dice, game counters,
tally cards, etc San born. Vail & Co. •
Harry Tenny and Johnny Crowe will
meet before the Hayes Halley Athletic
Club this evening at Mechanics' Pa
vilion Annex to decide the amateur
bantam-weight championship. Crowe
is champion, having held the title for
a year against all comers. Bob Lundie
and Charles Augustus meet in the spe
cial match. Four other bouts •will pre
cede these. James McDevitt will of
ficiate ae referee.
Hayes Valley Club Boxing.
rir«t rape— Thixbe, Shellmomit. Buc
cleutb.
Becosd race— Silent Water, Plo Jffa
ccla, T. E. Shaw.
Third race— Bay Wonder, Albemarle,
Fourth race — Meeiaaus, Cambateres
GalasthnE. *
Fifth race— Arabo, Honlton, Beeves.
Sixth race— Beau Ormonde, Proper,
Our Bessie.
FROBABX.E WIS-WEBS.
Tie Game at Oakland.
The final struggle on the Oakland
diamond ended in a tie after nine
rounds of lively going. San Francisco
took the lead in the third Inning, when
with two on the bags Tommy Leahy
hit the ball right over the left field
fence for a homer, the first one of its
kind since the lamented Rube Waddell
sent' the ball soaring over the same
spot for the longest drive ever seen on
the grounds. During the progress of
the eighth the Cripples took advantage
of LJndsey's wlldness and landed for
four runs, enough to tie up the score
and keep the deadlock till the end. The
score: , .
San Francisco — ) Oakland — -
AB.R.H. P. A. AB.R.H. P. A.
Shay, «.. 4 10 3 2 OHara.cf 3 • 1 4 1
Meany.rf 2 10 2 0 Rcknfld.s 4 0 114
Irwin, 3b 3 10 2 0 Murdk.rf 2 0 0 2 0
Leahy.c. 4 0 13 0 Schwz,2b 4 0 12 1
Krug.cf. 3 0 2 1 0 Krugr, If 4 0 0 5 0
Lynch. If 4 0 0 0 0 Devrx.3b 4 0 0 11
Pabst, lb 4 0 1 12 0 Msrly.lb 4 0 1 10 0
Delms,2b 10 0 4 5 Lohmn.c 4 0 12 1
Whaln.p 4 0 1 0 5 Cooper, p 3 0 ' 0 0 4
Totals. 29 3 5 27 12' ' Totals. '32 0 6 27 12
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
San Francisco 2 0 0 0 0 0 0 1 0—3
Base hits 2 0 0 000 1 1 1—6
Oakland 0 0,0 0 0.0 0 0 0—0
Base hits 0 0 0 1.1 0 1 11—5
SUMMARY.
Stolen bases — Meany. Kru*. Errors — Rock
enfield. Irwin. Shay (2). Two-base hits-
Leahy, I'abst. ¦ Sacrifice hits— Meany, Irwin,
Kockenneld, Delmas. First base on errors —
San! Francisco 1, Oakland 3. First base on
called balls — Oft Whalen. 1, off Cooper 5. Left
on bases— San Francisco 8, Oakland 7. Struck
out— By Whalen 2. Hit by pitcher— O'Hara.
Meany. Double play — O'Hara -to Lohman.
Passed ball— Leahy. Time of game — 1:35.
Umpire — O'Connell.
ANGELS CONTINUE TO WIN.
Easily Defeat Seattle in Last Sched
uled Game of the Season. J';-^
LOS ANGELES, Nov. 29.— The base
ball season of 1903 closed with the game
this afternoon. The champions won as
they pleased by the score of ; 11 to 6.
The game was made interesting only by
the terrific batting of both teams.
There was a general ] air, of listlessness
among the players and errors were nu
merous. An exhibition game followed
the last scheduled game. It became so
slow and tiresome that Umpire McDon
ald called time after* five Jnnings with
the score 4 ' to 2 in favor ] of ; Seattle.
There will be a benefit game for the
Los Angeles champions next Sunday,
when the big leaguers now; wintering
here will make-up the 'team to play
against j, the pennant winners, of 1903.
Among those who, will play are Bern
hard, Oscar: Jones, Courtney, Mohler,
The park play was completed down
to the finals in the third and fourth
classes. In the second class there
are three men left and in the first
six. In the third Brabant will meet
Gabriel; In the fourth Guerin will meet
Skaggs; In the second Janes will meet
the winner of the Gayness-Ambrose
match. In the first class George Baker
will meet the winner of the MacGavin-
Routh match and Charles Dunlap will
meet the winner of the Russell-Allen
match. Summary:
First class — George Baker beat R. M. Whit
ney, 6-3, 6-4; Charles Dunlap beat Clarence
Griffin, 9-7. 3-6. 0-1.
Second class — Preliminary round: Miller
Hotchklss beat C. C. Kuehn by default; H.
Long beat N. Baker by default; G. Janes beat
C. Foley, 3-6. 6-3. 6-4; H. Mann beat E. P.
Finnegan. 6-4. 6-4; N. Ambrc«e beat G. W.
Finch, 6-4. 1-6, 6-4.
First round— Marius Hotchkiss beat Miller
Hotchkiss. 6-4, 6-4; Janes beat Long, 6-4, C-2;
Ambrose beat Mann, 6-4, 1-6, S-6; S. C. Gay
m?s beat H. Rolfe by default.
Semi-final round — Janes beat Hotchkiss, 6-1,
C-2! Gayness vs. Ambrose (to be played).
Third cUes — Preliminary round: J. B. Ad
ams beat Leilicb by default; B. Drolla beat
F. Adams, 6-0, 11-9; Lytton beat Sayre by
default. /
First round — Brabant beat J. R. Lewis by
default; Lemon beat Ryan. 6-4, 6-3: Colman
beat B. McFarland by default; Drolla beat
Adams by default; Lytton beat J. Baker by
default; McDuffy beat Skinner by default;
Gabriel beat Eckert. 6-3, 6-3; Bosarth beat
H. Skinner by default.
Second round — Brabant beat Lemon, 6-3, 6-2;
Drolla beat Colman, 6-1. 8-6; McDuffy beat
Lytton. 6-3. 4-6, 6-4; Gabriel beat Bozarth by
default.
Semi-final round — Brabant beat Drolla, 6-7,
6-4. 6-3; Gabriel beat McDuffy, 6-3, 6-4.
Fourth claes — Fourth round: Burnett beat
E. Turner, 6-2, 8-6; Howell beat J. Turner,
3-6. 6-3. 6-4. Allan beat Murphy, 6-4 6-4
fckaggs beat Saul, «-4. 6-3; Guerin beat Mar
tin, 6-8. 6-4. «-4; W. Howell beat Joseph. 3-6
e-4. 6-4; M. Long beat McLane. 6-3, 6-3;
Kerns beat Glynn. 6-1, C-l.
Filth round — Hotvell beat Burnett. 3-6, 6-2
6-1: Skaggs beat Allan. 6-2. 6-2: Guerin beat
Hall. 6-2. 6-2; Long beat Kern. 6-2. «-l.
Semi-final round— Skarge beat Howell. 6-4.
6-3; Guerin beat Long, 6-3, 7.5.
Semi- final round — Allen (owe 15)
beat Splivalo (scratch), 3-6, 6-1, 11-9;
MacGavin (owe 15) beat Schmidt (owe
1-6). S-6, 6-2.
Final— MacGavin vs. Allen, 6-2, 2-6,
6-4, 6-5 (incomplete).
The four prize-winners are Drum
mond MacGavin, Will Allen, Ray
Splivalo and Herbert Schmidt. Follow
ing are the matches played yesterday:
Third round— Ray Splivalo (scratch)
beat Harry Rolfe (scratch), 6-3, 6-2;
Will Allen beat Joe Tobin by default;
J. D. • MacGavin (owe 15) beat Alden
Ames (16 4-6). 6-4, 6-2; Herbert Schmidt
(owe 1-6) beat Charles Kuehn (4-6),
4-6, 6-4, 6-3.
Darkness put a stop to play yester
day on both the California and the
Golden Gate Park terfhis courts. On
the California Club courts Drummond
MacGavin and Will Allen, two of the
most heavily handicapped players, met
in the finals on even terms. When time
was called MacGavin was in the lead,
the score standing two sets to one in
his favor and 5-5 in the fourth set.
MacGavin needs but two more games
to win, while Allen must get these two
games and the fifth set.
Work Their Way Through th« Tour
nament, but Darkness Pre
vents Deciding- Match.
MacGAVIN AND ALLEN
IN THE TENNIS FINALS
SENATORS TAKE TWO GAMES.
Portland Manager Enters a. Protest in
Regard to Second Contest.
SACRAMENTO. Nov. 29.— The Sena
tors won both games to-day, but the
manager of the Portland Browns has
filed a protest against the second game
on the ground that Umpire Levy gave
Egan his first base against any known
rule of the game. Egan was at bat
when Hildebrand started to steal home.
Egan attempted to bunt the ball and
Shea, in his°eagerness to catch Hilde
brand, stumbled against Truck, sending
him into the diamond. Levy sent Truck
to first on the ground that he was In
terfered with by the catcher. Hilde
brand scored. Score:
FIRST GAME.
Sacramento— Portland —
AB. R. H. P. A. AB. R. H. P. A.
Doyle.cf. 4 2 1 G 0 VBurn.cf 4 0 2 2 0
Hilbrd.lf 2 0 0 1 0 Fremn.lb 3 O O 11 1
MLghn.rf 3 0 11] Blake.rf. 2 0 0 3 0
Casey,2b. 3 0 114 Andsn.2b 3 0 0 7 3
Egan, ss 1 1 1"2 4 Holgwh.s 40231
Shehn.3b 3. 0 2 2 6 Nadeu.lf 4 0 0 0 0
Knell.lb. 2 0 0 15 0 Frncis.Sb 4.0102
Hogan.c. 4 0 10 0Shea,c... 3 0 0 13
Keefe.p. 4 0 0 0 2 MFarln.p 3 0 0 0 4
Totals.29 4 8 27 .15 Totals 30 0 5 27 14
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
Sacramento .1 0 0 10 0 0 1 1 t
Base hits 1 0 0 30 0 02 2—8
Portland .0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0—0
Base hits { 0 0 111110 9—5
SUMMARY. '
Stolen bases — Hlldebrand. McLaughlin, Van
Buren. Blake. Krrors — Hollingsworth. Shea.
Three-base hit — Egan. Sacrifice hits — Knell
(2), McLaughlin. First base on errors^ — Sac
ramento 1. First base on called balls — Oft
; Keeffe 4, off McFarlan ii. Left on bases —
Sacramento 5. Portland 7. Struck out — By Mc-
Farlan 1. Hit by pitcher— Hildebrand. Dou
ble plays — Knell.' unassisted: McFarlan to An
derson to Freeman: McLaughlin to Knell. Time
of game — 1:45. Umpire — Levy.
SECOND GAME.
Sacramento — • 1 Portland —
AB. R. H. P.A. AB. R. H. P.A.
Doyle, cf 3 1 2 1 0 Vanbn.cf 3 2 0 0 0
Hldbd, If 2 1 1 1 0 Fremn.lb 3 112 2
McLn. rf 1 111 0 Blake, rf 2 0 10 0
Casey, 2b 3 .1 2 0 1 Andsn,2b 10 0 13
Egan, ss 1 1 1 2 4 Hlgwh.ss 2 0 0 2 2
Shehn.3b 2 10 0 2 Nadau.lf 2 0 0 10
Knell, lb 3 0 110 0 Francs,3b 2 0 010
Hogan. c 3 0 0 0 0 Shea, c. 2 0 0 6 1
Thmas, p2 0 0 0 2 Shields.p 2 0 0 2 1
Totals.20 6 8 15 9 Totals.19 3 2 15 1
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
Sacramento ..3 0 0 0 3 — 6
Base hits 3 2 1 0 2—8
Portland 1 0 2 0 0—3
Base hits 1 0 10 0—2
'SUMMARY.
Stolen bases — McLaughlin, Caeey, Egan 3
Blake. Errors — Egan 2. Hogan, Anderson 2.
Shea. Three-base hit — Doyle. Sacrifice hits
Egan, Sheehan. First base on errors — Sacra
mento 1. Portland 2. First base on called
balls — Off Thomas 1, off Shields 2. Left on
bases— Sacramento 5, Portland 2. Struck out
By Shields 4. Hit by pitcher— McLaughlin
Double play — Egan to Knell. Time of game-
One hour. . Umpire— Levy.
INGLESIDE PARK STAKE
IS TAKEN BY GLATJCUS
Defeats the One-to-Tvro Choice Sofala
in Deciding Course — Fog Ob
scures Coursing.
According to the reports of Judge
Thomas Tierney the open stake at In
gleside Coursing Park yesterday was
far above the standard. From a spec
tator's point of view there was "noth
ing to it." Just after luncheon a fog
settled over the park and obscured all
view of the running. Slipper Shorstag
turned the dogs loose in the heavy mist
without once allowing a hound to run
unsighted. Glaucus romped through
the stake. In a long deciding course
that went more than the limit she beat
out the fast Solafa, the 1 to 2 choice.
Following are the day's results, with
Judge Thomas Tierney's official" scores:
Open stake, second round — Dorothy beat
Loretta, 4-2; Little Plunger beat Slskiyou, 8-7;
Equator beat Linda Vista, 4-3; Adonis beat
Doreen. 4-3; Pasha Pleasant beat Orsina, 5-0;
The Referee beat Free Born, 8-3; Sofala beat
Ruby Sankey, 4-O; Liberator beat NIobe, 19-3;
Conroy beat Laushin? Water. 3-0; Silver Cloud
beat Rose Tree, 5-1; Rock and Rye beat Jingle
Bells, 4-0; Bonnie Hughie beat Colored Lady,
5-0; Meddlesome beat Renegade Apache. 7-4;
Queen's Motto beat Lulu Girl, 4-3; Duhallow
beat Don Pedro, 6-5; Young Klamath beat
Haphazard. «4-0; Comique beat Clobefell, 12-0;
Menlo Prince beat Special, 10-7; Glaucus beat
Northern Alarm, 3-0; Roy Hushle beat Old
Ironsides. 5-4; Otto beat Mollle Me, 5-1; White
Stockings a bye; Reckless Acrobat beat Rag
time. 4-O; Pure Pearl beat Belfast. 3-2.
Third round — Dorothy M beat Little Plunger,
8-4; Equator beat Adonis. 6-4; The Apache beat
Pasha Pleasant. 4-2; Sofala beat Liberator,
5-1; Conroy beat Silver Cloud, 17-5; Bonnie
Hughie beat Rock and Rye. 5-3; Queen's Motto
beat Meddlesome, 4-0; Duhallow beat Young
Klamath. 13-10; Comiaue beat Menlo Prince,
4-0; Glaucus beat Roy Hughie, 13-5: Otto beat
White Stockings. 15-5; Pure Pearl beat Reck
less Acrobat, 23-12.
Fourth round — Dorothy M beat Equator, 6-5;
Five Elevens Seek Matches Here.
BERKELEY. Nov. 23. — Football
teams from four of the great universi
ties, of the East and one of the North
are negotiating with the University of
California for games during the win
ter. It Is believed the captain and man
ager of the team will not be able to
grant the guarantees demanded by the
Eastern teams.
The teams that wish to visit the coast
are the Carlisle Indians, Columbia Col
lege of New York, the University of
Michigan, and the University of Min
nesota. The fifth challenger is that of
the University of Washington.
Sofala beat The- Referee. 6-4; Conroy beat Bon
nie Hughle. 4-2: Queen's Motto a bye; Glaucua
beat Comlque. 6-2; Otto a. bye.
Fifth round — Sofala beat Dorothy M, 4-3:
Queen's Motto beat Conroy. 4-1; GUucus beat
Otto. T-3.
Sixth round — Sofala beat Queen's Motto. 19
13; Glaucus a bye.
Deciding course — Glaucus beat Sofala, 9-7.
Nebraska Men in Trouble.
CASPER. Wyo., Nov. 20.— Charles Wes
ton. Nebraska's State Auditor, and N S
Bristol and W. A. Denecke, who operated
*Jr f ro ?f r , y * her « und er the. name of
N. 8. Bristow & Co. and ( a bank under
the name, of W., A. Denecke & Co.. are
under arrest, charged with .receiving
money, knowing they were Insolvent.
Bristol & Co. and Denecke & Co. both
suspended. The liabilities are said to b©
$75,000 and the assets small.
..} England makes but a third- of the ma
chinery used by Its farmers. The remain
der. $1,308.000 , worth - of it,: comes -from
America, and $212^000 worth from Canada,
After the eventful first inning no runs
showed till the final one came through
in the eighth. Both pitchers worked
well and , the batters kept" going but
one, two, three. Meany was hit, by % 'a
pitched ball in the eighth. .He^ went
around to third while Irwin was be
ing put out, Rockenfield to Messerly.
It remained for Heine Krug to score
All the way through the game was a
pretty one to look upon. A few errors
marred the work of the fielders, but
every man seemed full of life and gin
ger and played the best he knew how.
The day was a perfect one, and the
bleechers and stands were well filled
with fans anxious for a parting glance
at the familiar faces.
San Francisco opened the game
strongly and made two of their three
runs in a twinkling. Shay let four bad
ones pass him and Meany sacrificed.
Irwin lined a torrid one to Devereaux.
Brick picked up the ball, but could not
recover in time to retire Irwin at first.
The multitude cheered as Tommy
Leahy advanced, bat in hand. Tommy
responded with a drive to the flag pole,
a real two-bagger, that sent Shay tear-
Ing home and sent Irwin to third. The
applause had hardly died away ere
Heine Krug shoved a bouncer o\'er the
second bag, and Irwin came tripping
inp while Leahy went to third.
Then the most brilliant play of the
game was pulled off. Lynch landed di
rectly on the solar plexus of the first
one that Cooper tossed up. Away it
soared in the direction of the center
garden. O'Hara was under it in a
trice and nailed It as it came down.
With a mighty whip to the plate he
caught Leahy by five feet and com
pleted the last double play of the sea
son.
Jimmy Whalen was the most popular
man on the San Francisco team. It
was through his grand efforts that the
natives landed with the parting game
to their' credit. He pitcned masterly
ball from the tap of the gong and never
for a moment did he let up till the last
man was put out and the danger point
was passed.
There were two on the bags when
Pete came up for his parting swing at
the leather. Devereaux was on third
and Kruger was hugging the iirst bag.
Pete grabbed his bat and surveyed the
field. He longed to make a hit and
save his team the dishonor of a shut
out in the last engagement of the sea
son, but the best he had was a pop
to Danny Shay and then all was at an
end for the season of 1903.
to 0. Hard luck interfered in the morn
ing contest and it ended' a tie, 7 to 7,
after nine innings of strife.
As each player stepped, to the bat
for the last time this season he was
extended the Joyous mitt of welcome by
the multitude. There was a cheer for
every performer and good T/lshes for
him in the future, whether it be his
fortune to play ball in the Pacific Coast
League or elsewhere.
It remained for the venerable Peter
Lohman to come in for the most mighty
round of applause of the day. Perhaps
the fans thought it was coming to Peter
on account of his age or it may have
been because he wag the last man at
bat, but at all events Peter was a pop
ular man for' a few moment;?.
SUMMARY,
Stolen bases — Shay. Delmas, O'Hara. Kru
ger. Errors— Rockenneld (2), Devereaux <2),
Pabat, Murdock, Schwartz. Home run —
Leahy. Three-base hit— Rockenneld. Two
base hits— Irwin, Leahy. Rockenneld. Sacrifice
hits — Meany, Kruger, Pabst. First base on
errors — San Francisco.- 3; Oakland, 1. First
base on called balls — Off Lindsey, 7; off Gra
ham, 4. Left on bases — San Francisco, 9; Oak
land, 11. Struck out — By Lindsey. 3; by Gra
ham, 1. Hit by pitcher — Lynch. O'Hara. Rock
enfleld. Shay. Double playa— Shay to Delmas
to Pabst; Rockenfleld to Messerly to Gorton.
Time of tame — 2 hours. Umpire— O' Conn ell.
Totals. 35 7 9 27 lsj Totals. 35 7 10 27 18
RUNS A>'D HITS BY INNINGS.
San Francisco.... 1 04002000—7
Base hits 1 02.3 1 2000—0
Oakland 2 0 1 0 1 0 0 3 0—7
Base hits .0 0 1 1 1. 1 1 4 1—10
the last one. and he did it with a bingle
out to the left patch. The score:
San Francisco — I Oakland —
AB. R. H. P.A. AB. R. H. P.A.
Shay, «.. 2 3 2 3 7 O'Hara.cf 4 10 0 0
Meany.rf 4 113 OjRknflld.s 3 2 2 3 7
Irwin, 3b 5 2 2 1 1 Mrdck.rf 4 10 4 2
Leahy, c ."> 1 3 4 2 Schrtz,2b 4 0 2 3 2
Krug. cf. 5 0 0 2 0 Kruger.lf 3 0 11 0
Lynch, If 3 0 0 1 0 Dvrux,3b 6 0 0, 0 5
Pabst, Ib3 O O 8 0 Mssrly.lb 5 1 2 12 1
Dlmas,2b 4 0 15 1: Gorton, c 3 1 1 4 O
Lndsey.p 4 0.00 4 Graham.p 41201
¦ Stolen bases — J. Smith. Cravath. Raymond,
Zlnssvr. Errors — Wheeler. J. Smith (2). Ray
mond, Mchler. Jansing, Dolan, Byers. Home
runs — J. Smith, BraHhear. Three-base hits^ —
Brashear. Zlnssar. Two-base hits — Hoy, Eager.
Cravath. Dillon (2), Jansing, Mohler. Sacri
fice hits — Roes. Jansing. First b*se on errors —
Los Angeles, 2.; Seattle, 1. First base on
called balls— Off Newton. 2; off Barber. 1.
Struck out — By Newton. 6. Left on bases —
Los Angeles. 0; Seattle, !>. Double play — Ray
mond to Dillon to Eager. Hit by pitcher —
Wheeler, C Smith. Time of game — 2 hours.
Umpire — McDonald.
SUMMARY,
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
Los Angeles 2 0 3 2 0 4 0 0 x — 11
Base hits 3 1 4 3 "0 5 O 1 x — 17
Seattle 0 0003020 1—6
Base hits 1 110 4 0 11 2—11
AB. R. H. P.A.I AB. R. H. P.A.
Hoy. cf, . 5 111 0 L'mley.cf 5 0 0 2 0
Wh'ler,2b 3 2 2 0 7 Mohler.2b 5 0 2 3 6
JSmth,3b 5 4 3 1 1 C.Smth.rf 4 1110
ntllon. lb 5 2 3 15 IBrashr.lb 4 2 2 11 O
Cravth.rf 5 14 0 O Zinssar.lf 5 0 2 10
Ross, If. 4 0 2 1 O Jr.slng,3b 3 1 1 O O
R'ytnnd.s R 1 0 1 1 Dolan, s. 5 1 0 4 3
Eager, c. 5 0 18 OiByers. c. 4 1 1 2 1
Newton, p 4 0 10 2;Barbcr, p 4 0 2 0 1
Totals. 41 11 17 27 12 1 Totals. 30 6 11 24 11
Byers and several others. Attendance
to-day, 5000. Score:
Los Angeles — I Seattle —
Sixth race — One mile; 3-ye*r-oJd« and up
ward: purse. .
f.357 Veterano (W. Vivell) 10i
<r..';2P)Dupor.t (G. B. Morris) ' "90
5333 Ink <L«ma?ney Bros.)... luu
<5.Wj)Lacy Crawford (B. Schreiber).*.'.*.'.*.'.'.' o*
W29 Beau Ormcrde fMrs. E. L. Kripp) na
5363 Proper <W. B. Jenninrs & Co.) 10s
Our Bessie <J. F. ICewman) ".".'. ".".105
•Apprentice allowance.
Fifth race — Seven furlongs; 3-year-olds:
puree.
r.375 G«h*in:nee« (B. Schreiber) »«j
R372 Theodora L (P. E. Smith) 93
TCfi2 Arabo fw. B. Jennings & Co >."I"*"li'>
4551 Honiton (P. Ryan) .- .... "*io5
B3W Oeorgalttte CJ. D. Fitzgerald) '.'.'.'. 9a
5375 Reeves <Lemasney Bros.) 109
Fourth race — One and a sixteenth miles; 4
yrar-ol<Js and upward; selling.
K5f7 "Galanthus <Mrs. J. Coffey) 115
S196 Expedient (P. E. Smith) f>7
KS57 Meehanuj (F. W. Dors) ]n<j
R.T57 Greeno'ck <J. Wocda & Co.)...... 1G3
Mfi5 Billy Moore <T. T. Rector) !K»
S355 I O V (C. TV. Chappelle) 97
f.342 -Matin Bell (A. Josephs) 92
R35T »Chub (Pelter & Co.) 02
f'277 El Orient* OV. J. Spiers) 37
5353 •Cambaceres (V. Gilbert) "V
5374 Outburst (J. J. MeAtester) 1(W
5338 Frack Woods (.Garden City Stable)... 07
"Wm. ParriEh <S. G. Morton & Co.).. ci»
4409 •Silent Water <R. A. Smith) »tj
Third race — P:x end a half furlongs; 3-year
o!rji! and uj>ward: fcelllne.
S3S4 »Dotterel <F. J. O'Rourke) J>7
<K}fi2)LoyaI F (V. Oi!h.-rt) . . . , 109
K.'!7o Bay Wonder (3. F. Newman) J03
S:J42 Marelio <J. Quinlan) 1.103
.•374 Aunt Polly (Graffort & Co.) ..100
K3fi6 •Blissful <E. B. Smith) 105
r.."72 Redwald (W. P. Magrane) 100
M163 Ohio Girl (Parson & McBride) i<*
fM72)Quaitre <E. Tierney) 1O2
f>368 "Albermarle (Moshler & Co.) so
fl3S5 Step Around <F. Devin) lCrj
5360 Toto Gratlot (E. Barren) .' 98
Second race — Five furlong; 2-ye*r-olds;
f^llins
fi!79 Dr. Birdcall (L. A. Elasinraroe) 07
f»25*4 Toltec (Univetfity Stable) DO
fA"51 Miss Rinslets <T. G. Ferguson) 101
45f»3 'The Hawaiian <F:caro Stable) 1H»
WC7 # F. E. Fhaw <W. B. Sink) ll>7
*Flo Manola cM. J. Daly) 104
ftfT6 "Ananias (J. F. Schorr) O»
KSC7 Harbor (H. E. Rouell) 1OO
r>?,76 Eugenia B «.B. fcchreiber) 104
4271 Punctilio <W. B. Jennings & Co.) 9"
Well, the change came and all of the
layers returned to this s< "". .• many
pounds overweight financially. Sam
Wolfson xvas 5S000 loser and is now only
550 behind the game. Jim Davis said
he had the best day he ever sp nt book
ing on a California track, cleaning up
$".200. Jim Neil had a $20 piece on Mike
Murphy at 30 to 1 and his book collect
ed $1500 from the public. Barn?/ Schrei
her lost $2000 to the last rac<=, leaning
tmvard Bragg (without) in that event,
and even then quit considerably to the
cood. "Little Henry." who was $10,000
loser since cutting in, got back $3750
during the afternoon. I Hammerslaugh,
making only a moderate book, grabbed
$1700 for himself, and Johnny Humph
rey DroSted to the extent of $1000. Joe
Harlan won $2700, while Hoffman Bros..
Caesar Young and the other pencilers
had no complaint. Caesar Young took
a hard fall out of Arabo and this helped
some.
Several handicaps are down for de
cision the coming week. If the weather
continues fine the better class of horses
will make their appearance and the
public will see some fine sport.
Following is a list, of stables and
owners that have won more Than $100
to date:
Caesar Young, $3340; B. Schreiber. $2925;
M. J. Daly J2SS0: Jameg Curl. S1705; Burns &
Waterhouse $1300: lypmaeney Iiros.. J118O; T.
G. Ferguson JUT.D: J. Quinlan. ?1>75; J. F.
Netvman. $9r.7; Mrs. J Coffey, fOOO: W B.
Jennings &¦ Co. JSOO: J. M. Cooper. JSOO; W.
Fisher. $7.V»: Parker & Thwaite, $750; A. J.
Jackson 5750; Milton Jone? $725; V. Gilbert,
$'J75; S. P. Bender & Co.. $075: P. Wilkerson,
$r>50; D. S. Fountain $4C>: W. P. Magrane,
$4:*i; Hamilton Stable J425: S. Judge. 5425:
F C. Morhier A Co. $425: J. Woods. $450;
John D. Mi'.iln. ti^i- John F. Schorr. $400; C.
T HenshaM. $100; II. Ftover. $3:ij; P. HSldreth.
friSO; H W. •¦-. .-.c $37.'>; E. Tierney. $375; II.
r Rowell ti75: H. Grwn $375; W. H. Mc-
Names S3ZA; :? I. Wilfon. $.r>0; F. J.
ORourke tZZS; ftocktcn Stable. $325; W. C.
Vivell $i2T>: J P. Atklr. |32S; Boots & Hol
lcr.baJk $::»: Mrs. W. M. Eaini. $325; F. W.
Dose. $32.*: F. Pevin. $325; James Neil. $325;
Mr& Herifll. $325: Mm. A. 3. Ha«tinps. $325;
E. Herz, $325: S. G. Morton. $21«; J. Conway,
$202: C E. Murray, $177 .10; T. T. Rector,
$:or« 75.'
ENTBIES FOE TO-DAY. .
First race— Six ar.d a half furloncs; 3-y«a!"
olds and upward: Belling.
S37S Socialist <G. McKcnxie) 107
STiT.5 "Adirorcack <H. L. Shannon) Ihj
ft::72 Silver Fizz cG. Lanka) 100
fi.VR *ThiFV>e < McCoy & Co.) UH
".:;72 Buccleuth iB. Schreiber) IDS
.•V578 Veilou«tone <W. P. Fin*) 103
R7.55 Cherry «J. Woods * Co.) !>*
TS.sft Shellmour.t <T. Wellmar.) 100
B368 Vebsa Clark <J. J. MeAleEter) 104
K572 "Kef? Nopg <P. G. Morton & Co.) S7
R32S •Ele«<ed Damozel iC. W. Chappelle). . 95
6T.48 LeaFh iL. Le.vy ) 05
The members of the ring pitchforked
the talent about at Oakland Saturday
Just as a New Hampshire farmer han
dles hay with a thunder stcrm ap
proaching.
The many tood "breaks" the books
received came as a great relief, for
many of the feather-jveight bank rolls
were beginning to assume a gaunt look
and up to Saturday their owners kept
as keen a lookout for a change as do
a cluster of shipwrecked mariners on
a life raft straining their -yes for a
sail.
Neither side scored yesterday in the
first period. The whites were the first
to get in action and Charley Dunphy
and Lawrence McCreery ran the ball
down to the reds' goal in ha!r a minute
of play. They were unable tc score.
They kept it around the reds' goal and
Tom Driscoll was compelled to drive
outside. Under this year's rules a "safe
ty" allows the opposing team a free hit
for goal from the thirty-five-yard line.
The other team is permitted to line up
and prevent the ball going between the
posts, if possible.
Tom Driscoll broke the deadlock In
the second period. With the assistance
of Cyril Tobin he ran the nail down the
field and finally drove it between the
posts. He used his clever pony Little
Jack Homer in this period. Walter Mc-
Creery scored for the whites just as the
bell sounded the end or the period.
The second and last goal of the game
for the whites was scored in the fourth
period by Lawrence McCreery.
Cyril Tobin made some sensational
backhand strokes which saved his
team from being scored against several
times. The horsemanship displayed by
all the players was of the highest class.
Owing to the lack of condition of the
ponies the play was not particularly
fast, especially toward the end of the
game. It takes more than running a
clipping machine over a pony to make
it fit to gallop.
The McCreery brothers each contrib
uted a point to the score of tha winning
team, while Tom Driscoll saved the reds
from being blanked. The reds missed a
second goal by inches, Lawrence Mc-
Creery deflecting the ball by a stroke of
his mallet aB it was about to roll be
tween the posts.
The club stand was thronged with
spectators, while automobiles and
smart traps provided coigns o/ vantage
from which many well-known people
witnessed the game. It Is evident that
this is to be the greatest season of polo
ever seen here. With the coming of the
English players and then the Hawaiian
team next spring the followers of the
fascinating pastime have some sensa
tional games In prospect. The electric
cars which pass the field take many
spectators from this city.
The polo players of Burllngame Coun
try Club, wearing the white jackets,
scored their second victory of the week
yesterday over the reds. The score was
close, being two goals to one. The
teams lined up:
Reds. Whites.
T. A. Driscell. F. J. Carolan,
R. M. Tobin, C. Dunphy,
E. W. Howard, j L. McCreery.
Cyril Tobin. i W. McCreery.
Medal shooting — First .champion class. F. P.
Schuster. 42S: second champion class, Herman
Huber. 433; first class, John Gefktn. 419; sec
ond class, John Lackenau, S94; third class.
Charles Oldait. C69; fourth class. F. Thode, 3«0.
Best first shot, H. Huber, 24; best last shot,
Louis Thierbach, 25.
Shell Mound Pistol and Rifle Club — H. P.
Nelson 404, R. S. Wilson 34G. P. Paulson 33l>.
W. Guild 307. A. Poulsen 233. L. D. Frates
225. D. Ouild 214. C. Paulson 2C9. H. Skinner
ISO, H. Woebber 114. J. Logue 262.
The first class medal was won by 51. J.
Lyons: second class. Captain Wall; third class,
Leon Ayhens.
Norddeutscher Schuetzen company, turkey
shooting— William E. Garms 73, David Sal
fleld CS, Herman Huber &>. R. Stettin 64, F.
P. Schuster tio, George H. Bahrs 0"J. John Gef
kin ti2, F. Groverman 61. F. Kaufmann 61.
William Doell 60, Albert Meyer 59. Charles
OMajr 58. John de Wit 57. F. Thode 57.
Company C, First Infantry. N. G. C. month
ly medal shooting — Captain Frank K. Moore 49.
George H. Seyden 41', Lieutenant William B.
Corcoran 40, H. Levy 29. H. Done man n 2tJ,
Harry Dow 25. Ed Uiiger 24.
Company G. First Infantry Regiment, N. G.
C. monthly medal competition — Captain Wil
liam Wall 37, Sergeant F. Owens 30, Sergeant
W. Talbot 30, Corporal H. Tugse 29. L. Ay
hens, 34, J. Bright 25, II. Barrows 29 A.
Carter 20. L. B, Mills 23. L. E. Morris 21, J.
Dolan 34, M. J. Lyons 44. J. H. McCarty 15.
Sergeant Emil Stroth 4:5, W. H. Sollman 42.
E. Xlcol 21. Lieutenant L. Graham 35, Ser
geant A. Ames 30. Corporal E. M. Levy 25.
J. McSweegan 32, E. Dolan 20, J. Daley SO.
Corporal J. Duffy 28, B. Jaekman 27. S. Drey
fus 2 r J, Musician A. Ames 36. J. Whalen 22,
J. McGowan 29. F. Lowe 20. F. O'Seil 32, Ser
geant C. E. Noves 40, P. O'Nell 32. M. S.
Bradley 29, G. Harris 25, G. Kllppel 3.9, D.
¦Wehr 2S.
The shooting at Shell Mound Park
yesterday was good. The riflemen found
climatic conditions just to their taste.
Captain Frank K. Moore of Company
C, First Infantry Regiment, National
Guard of California, made the fine score
of forty-nine points out of a possible
fifty. As the shooting was done on the
Blunt target this is the highest mili
tary score made during the year.
William F. Garms, In the turkey shoot
of the Norddeutscher Schuetzen Club
made the high score of seventy-three
rings out of a possible seventy-rive, be
ing the highest made on this target for
a number of years. As there is but one
entry allowed It will be seen that vet
eran Garms is still able to hold his own
with the best of riflemen.
Herman Huber showed well in the
medal competition of the ,same club,
scoring 433 rings in his string. He was
closely followed by F. P. Schuster, who
finished with 42S to his credit.
The principal event or the day was
the ending of the annual medal shoot
of Company C, First Regiment. The
silver medal competed for yesterday
was presented to the compary twenty
years ago and not until George Sey
den placed forty-two points to his cred
it was it won three times in succession.
A gold medal was presented at the
same time to be competed for under
similar conditions. This medal was won
by Captain Frank K. Moore. Two cash
prizes were also offered for ilrst and
third places. Captain F. K. Moore won
the first prize of $15 and Lieutenant
William Corcoran the second prize of
$10. The members of the company will
hereafter confine their shootiiiz to the
Blunt target, as they believe it is con
ducive to better marksmanshio.
Following are the scores:
Occidentals — Smith. McCarty. Higgins.
Hajcs, Lloyd. Bowden. F. Holland. Condon.
V. Holland <captaln>. Evans. F. Robertson.
Thistles — Lowe, Tierney, Forrest (captain),
Taylor. Duncan. McGregor, A. Disher, Strans,
T. Lydon, Smith. R. Disher.
On the Presidio athletic grounds yes
terday morning the Thistles won an
easy victory from the Occidental asso
ciation football eleven, scoring six goals
to one. The ball was kicked off at
10:30 o'clock, the Thistles defending
the north goal.
In a few minutes the Thistles made a
shot at the Occidentals' goal, which the
goalkeeper relieved. A moment after
ward a second shot resulted in a goal.
A lone shot with the left foot by Ly
don at an acute angle resulted in a
second goal for the Thistles. Three
more goals followed in quick succes
sion, Smith appearing quite unable to
stop them. Then the referee awarded a
penalty kick to the Occidentals, which
V. Holland converted into a goal. The
first half ended with the score stand
ing: Thistles, 5 goals; Occidentals, 1
•goal.
A£ter the change of ends Hayes took
charge of the Occidentals' goal. Smith
advancing to left back. The Thistles
scored another goal, but from that
point till the call of time the Thistles'
forwards played with the ball, making
several shots at goal, but putting the
ball over it or to one side. The game
ended: Thistles, 6 goals; Occidentals,
1 goal. J. D. Robertson of the Vam
pires was referee. The teams were"
made up of the following players:
Team at Presidio Grounds.
Cleverly Defeat Occidental Football
VICTORY FOR THISTLES.
The star game of association foot
ball for this season was played yester
day on the cricket grounds at Webster
street, Alameda. between the Vampire
and Independent elevens. It ended in
a tic, each team scoring one goal.
The kick-off took place shortly after
2:30 p. m., and from the first the play
was fast and furious. Arthur Robinson
officiated as referee and gave general
satisfaction by his clean, prompt decis
ions. In a few minutes after play be
gan the Independents, defending the
west goal, got a corner kick, but no
score resulted, the ball landing in the
net above the goal. A little later the
Vampires had a corner kick, but did
not score. Then Watt rushed the ball
between the posts and the Independ
ents scored a goal, the first that has
been made this season against the
Vampires. Buchly of the Vampires re
ceived a kick on the ankle and was
knocked out for a short time, but soon
resumed play. The first half ended
without further score.
In the second half the Vampires, now
playing with the sun at their backs,
rushed the Independents-' goal and
equalized the score. Fired by their
success, the Vampires made several de
termined attacks on their enemy's
goal, but failed to score. The game
ended in a tie. For the Vampires Sho
well on the right wing, Langdale as
left halfback and Petersen as full
back rendered excellent service. For
the Independents Mechels and the Fay
brothers were conspicuous, and Owens,
center halfback, did useful work, keep
ing his place on the field faithfully.
The teams lined up in the following
positions:
Vairpires. Positions. Independents.
Airth Goalkeeper Forbes
Petersen captain). Left back. ...Lynch (capt.)
Martin Right back Armstrong
Langdale Lett half Meeheis
Glarner Center half Owens
Harwood RI?ht half Nolan
Buchly Outside left, E. Kay
Turner Inside left.-T. T. Fay
Kay * "enter forward Watt
Weaver Inside right P. fay
Ehowell Outside right Elha
The cheerful bingle of the bat against
the ball has sounded for the last time
this season. Not for many months will
the fans gather together of a Sunday
afternoon and yell and forget their
troubles of a week as they gaze long
ingly at the green of Recreation Park.
It Is all over for a while. Los Angeles
has won the pennant, Seattle lands .
second and the best Uncle can give his
patrons is fourth place.
The home team gained a victory with
the closing game and that in itself was
consolation to a small degr.re. They
bested the Cripples in every round of*
the engagement yesterday and won, 3
Large Gallery Witnesses the
Clever Work of Riders
and Ponies
Veteran W. P. Garms Per
forms Brilliantly on the
Ring Target.
Neither Team Froves Able
to Score More Than
One Goal.
Caesar Young Still Heads
the List of Winning
Horse Owners.
Pete tollman's Cripples Fail to Score a Run Off Whalen's Speedy Delivery.
Crowd Cheers Players as They Come Up to the Bat for the Last Time
and Many Fond Glances Are Cast on Green Field at Recreation Park
Lightweight Penciled
Recoup Their Losses
on Saturday.
Exciting Polo Game Is
Won by the White
Team.
Splendid Work of Cap
tain Moore on Blunt
Target.
Keenly Fought Contest
Against Vampire
, Eleven.
RING AT LAST
HAS AN INNING
BURLINGAME MEN
IN THE SADDLE
INDEPENDENTS
IN A TIE GAME
BASEBALL SEASON COMES TO AN END
WITH WITH A VICTORY FOR UNCLE'S TEAM
RECORD SCORE
FOR MILITIAMAN
BASEBALL PENNANT FOR THIS SEASON FLOATS OVER LOS ANGELES FIELD
THE SAN FEAKCISCO CALL, MONDAY. NOVEMBER 30, 1903.
8
* ADVERTISEMENTS.
HAVANA CIGARSerty from the property clerk this morn
ing and she will follow on the first
train.
Dies From His Injuries.
Dani6l Murray, who was struck by an
electric car on East street, between
Mission and Howard, on Saturday
night, died at the Central Emergency
Hospital about 6 o'clock yesterday
morning. His body was removed to the
Morgue. George A. Kooken, the motor
man of the car, was arrested and
booked at the City Prison, on a charge
of manslaughter, and was released on
$50 cash bail. Murray was 62 years of
age. a rigger by occupation, and lived
with his family at 12 Federal street
The following table gives the princi
pal data of these ships, and indicates
the wide differences of naval expert
opinions as to what constitutes the
most efficient battle-ship on slightly
differing displacements:
MODERN BATTLE-SHIPS.
of the Brooklyn, $418,122; j Baltimore,
$334,557; Raleigh, $269,670; Newark
(which is always under repair), $154,
093; Petrel, $135,842; Dixie, $293,782, and
Yankee, $265,174. The last two named
ships are auxiliary cruisers, so
called, purchased during the war with
Spain. The Dixie was bought for $575,
000 and has consumed $423,357 in repairs
In five years. The Yankee's cost was
also $575,000, and has cost $395,629 In re
pairs for the same period. The auxil
iary vessels appear to be more costly
to maintain in running condition than
those of the regular navy, exceptions
being the Indiana, Massachusetts, Tex
as, Raleigh, Newark and Petrel. .
The new floating dock building at
Sparrows Point, Baltimore, to be trans
ported to Cavite, Philippines, has been
insured in London for about $700,000,
or nearly three-quarters of its value.
The Havana floating dock, located at
Pensacola, is insured in American com
panies for $300,000.
Circulars governing the bidding for
two 13,000-ton battle-ships, to be named
Idaho and Mississippi, have been issued
by the Navy Department and contracts
for these ships should be awarded in
about three months. There was great
reluctance on the part of the board of
construction to comply with the act
of Congress which limited the size of
these two vessels, it being contended
that they were too small to carry the
requisite armament and protection
which battle-ships ought to have. In
the designs as finally approved speed
has been sacrificed in order to carry a
disproportionate battery, i Other naval
powers have a number of medium sized
battle-ships built or under construction
since 1898. Germany is building five
of 12,991 tons (13,200 metric tons), Italy
five, ranging from 12,400 tons to 13,361
tons, and Russia has the Cesarovitch
of 13,110 tons, recently built in France,
besides four others of 12,480 tons to
12,700 tons.
Patria is under construction, and four
more, differing only slightly In arma-
Six submarine boats are to be built
for t^e French navy after the plans
of Naval Engineer Maugan. They will
be the largest yet built, displacing 450
tons when submerged, and to have a
surface speed of twelve knots.
Commander Henry Morrell has
made 'a preliminary report to the Navy
Department on the explosion "of the
naval magazine on Iona Island, No
vember 4, which differs materially from
the first statement made. Morrell's re
port states that when the first explo
sion occurred two gunners, Fries and
Kuhlwein, were thrown down and in
jured about the head. The flre alarm
was sounded, but only four men- of the
yard force responded, namely; F. Dan
ielson, John W. Wilde, Frederick Gorat
and Alvah J. Jochumsen. These men,
with Captain Magee, fought the fire and
are deserving of praise. On the other
hand none of the laborers nor the ma
rine guard rendered any assistance, a
corporal and a sergeant have r mysteri
ously disappeared and none of the nine
privates made their appearance when
they were wanted until the flro was un
der control and all danger had passed.
The expenditure for ordnance stores
in the United States navy, while very
large, is one of the outlays of the naval
establishment that will not be be
grudged. Liberal allowance should be
made for target practice, as without
skill and experience in serving the guns
the ships are of little value in time of
war. The total cost of ordnance stores
expended on ships during 1902-03 was
only $813,462. against $1,078,246 for the
preceding year. *It is estimated that
the cost of target practice will be about
$1,366,000 during 1903-04, and that when
all the battle-ships now under construc
tion are in commission the cost will
reach $2,690,000 annually. The target
practice during the past summer at
tracted considerable attention, chiefly
because of the many good records
made, and the results appear to have
warranted the expenditures of the
previous ¦ year by a marked Improve
ment in the gunnery.
The seven battle-ships which in 1901-
EX-MINISTER OF MARINE OF ITALY, DURING WHOSE' TENURE OF
OFFICE, IT IS ALLEGED, THERE WAS MALADMINISTRATION
IN THE NAVAL ESTABLISHMENT BY HEADS OF BUREAUS.
1902 expended the largest amount of
ments, are to be built in accordance
with the naval programme of 1900.
ordnance stores were: Alabama, $78,
273; Kearsarge, $77,971; Massachusetts.
$70,360; Wisconsin, 568,332; Iowa. $40,
780; Kentucky, $31,014, and the Illinois,
$28,878. During 1902-03 the Alabama
expended only $38,459; Kearsarge, $27.
338; Massachusetts, $31,765; .'Wisconsin,
$6579; Iowa, $43,289; Kentucky, $42,724,
and the Illinois, $33*202. Gunnery and
torpedo practice of the torpedo fleet
seems to have been neglected, for while
there were 52 torpedo vessels and sub
marine boats afloat in 1902-03, only $79,
675 was expended in ordnance stores,
against $192,610 in' 1901-02, when there
were only 33 torpedo crafts afloat.
The repairs to ships and their equip
age during 1902-03 amounted to $5,695,
643, against $5,802,102 for the preceding
year. The costliest repairs were those
Unit»<! Staff* Coast and Geodetic Survey —
Ttm» and Heights of High and Low Wa.t«rs
*t Fort Point, entrant to San Francisco
Bay. Published by official authority of th«
Superintendent.
NOTE^ — The high and low water* occur at the
oity front <M!**ion-stwt wharf) about 25 min
utes taier than at Fort Point; the beig;bt of
• '.' it (he came at bob places.
MONDAY, NOVEMBER 80.
£un rite* 7:08
Sun. Moon and Tide.
S?t'am»r. Dentination. Bails.! Pier.
November 30. \
Nicaria Hamburg & Way.. 12 m'PJer 19
F. Legirett.. Los Ar.Reles Ports. 6 pmjPier 10
San Pedro.. Humboldt 4 pm'Pier 2
<'zarina f'oo? Bay Direct iPier H
Pho*nix Mendocino City ... 1 pm! Pier 13
Pomona. Hutr.bcldt l:30piPier 9
Hureka Humboldt fl2 m!Pier 13
December 1. | |
North Fotk. Humboldt j 5 pm: Pier 20
Mariposa... Tahiti Direct Ill am'Pler 7
Empire Cor* Bay Direct... !12 m Pier 13
December 3. | |
a Rarbara. 1-*> s An«;ele* Ports.] 4 pm'Pier 2
,' hlco Coquille River «5 pm'Pier 2
Central ia.... Harbor I 4 pmlPier 10
jk^je Humboldt 110 ami Pier —
<">nten'rial. . Seattle & Tacoma..il0 amIPier 20
City Puebla. Pur** Sound Ports. Ill amlPier 9
(oron . Humboldt Jl:30p'Pier 9
;,;,,,,•¦ China & Japan j 1 pm Pier 40
.vvW n»v E» r - Pedro * W«t-I 9 am'Pler 11
• oosBay... DeC ember4. | |
v ,..i,, lr . Cray* Harbor 4 pm'Pier 10
W Kra^r'J *"w Angela Ports. 4 pmPier 2
Ti rVoti.r Astoria A Portland. 4 pmiPler 20
£ %!%& A^jrt-^ nor«««. U WPier 24
Pt Arr-na Point Arena I 4 pm'Pier 2
Arizonsi " New Tot* { IPJer 25
Newport ' N. r - vl * Pan*m»-I12 mjPler 40
G.Llndauer.' 1 ™*] * pm j Pler a
runf-ao 1 Mexican Ports 110 amlPier 11
t'matilla... Puret Sound Ports. Ill amlPier 9 !
Rival I Willapa Harbor ! 4 pmiPler 10
FROM SEATTLE.
Steamer. For I Balls.
Kx<-plFior i Cook* Inlet & Way Pts.lDee. 1
I»olphln Fka«way & Way Ports. D«e. 2
Vulencia I Ska(?way & Way Ports. Dec. 4
B*-rtha I Cook* Inlet U Way Pts. Dec 7
Fanta Ana < Cooks Inlet & WayPU. Dec. 16
Fcrallon > f-kstway tc Way Port*. I Pee. 17
Saturday, November 28.
Stmr Curacao, Paulsen, ll days from Guay
mas, via Ensenda 44 hours.
Sunday, November 29.
Stmr Phoenix, Odland, 15 hours from Men
doolno.
Stmr Couth Coast, Olten, 16 hours from
Carpar.
Stmr Alcazar, Martin, 11 houri from Point
Arena.
Stmr Man-lalay. Payne, 44 hour* from Cre»
ctnt City; bcund for San Diego; put in for
passengers.
Etmr Gipsy. Lehvnd, 24 hours from Monterey
and way ports.
Stmr Geo Loorois, Badger, 95 hours from Se
attle.
Bktn Gleaner, Schmehl, 13 days from "Wll
lapa Harbor.
Schr James Rolph, Olsen, 12 days from
Grays Harbor.
Sehr Jennie Wand, Christensen, 12 days from
Wlllap* Harbor.
Schr Ivy. Jensen. 16 days from Coos Bay.
Schr Antelope, Wtdderstrom, 13 days from
Bandon.
Schr Mary C. Campbell, 10 hours from Bo
dega.
Schr Ida Schnauer, Brastinc, 18 days from
Port Ludlow.
Schr Aloha, Fry. 16 days from Hilo.
SAILED.
Sunday, November 29.
Stmr Santa Rosa, Alexander, San Diego.
Stmr Bonita, Gielow. San Pedro.
Stmr Columbia, Koran, Astoria.
Stmr Coronado, Peterson, Grays Harbor.
Stmr Alliance, Hard wick. Eureka and Coos
Bay.
Tug Marcic, Corning;, Halfmoon Bay.
Schr Ida A. Beck. Bodega.
SPOKEN.
Nov 27. 23 mile« W of Ffcrallon»s— Schr
Jas H Bruce, from Grays Harbor, for San
Pedro.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS, Nov 29, 10 p m— Weather
thick; wind W, velocity 8 miles per hour.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
REDONDO— Sailed Nov 29— Stmr Green
wood, for San Francisco.
PORT TOWNSEXD— Arrived Nov 29— Ship
John Currier, from Honolulu; 6chr William
Nottingham, from San Pedro.
PasFt-d In Nov 29 — Stmr Jas Dollar, hence
Nov 2«5. for Seattle.
SEATTLE— Arrived Nov 29— Stmr Rainier,
hence Nov 25; atmr Dolphin, from Skagway;
etmr James Dollar, hence Nov 26.
Sailed Nov 29— Stmr Edith, for Ban Fran
cisco.
WHATCOM— Sailed Nov 29— Schr Soquei.
for San Francisco.
SAN PEDRO — Arrived Nov 29 — Stmr Samoa,
hence Nov 27; schr Oliver J Olsen, from Ever
ett.
• Sailed Nov 29 — Schr Muriel, for Port Town
eend.
TATOOEH— Parsed In Nov 29— Stmr Queen,
hence Nov 27, for Seattle.
ASTORIA— Arrived Nov 29 — Br stmr Indra
velli. fr«m Victoria, B C.
Outside — Br bark East African, from New
castle, NSW.
ISLAND PORTS.
HILO — Sailed Nov 22— Bark Roderick Dhu.
for San Francisco. Nov "<i — Bark St Kather
in*. for San Francisco.
HONOLULU— Sailed Nov 28— Bark Olympic,
for San Francisco. . ..
FOREIGN PORT. -•
- VICTORIA — Arrived Nov 29— Br stmr
Athenian, from Hongkong.
OCEAN STEAMER.
NEW YORK— Arrived Nov 29-^Stmr Men.
ba, from London. ¦
An economic census of the town of
York, England, showed that 23,000 out of
70,000 inhabitants live habitually below
the starvation line.
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED
TO SAIL
Steamer. From. ! Due.
F. L<*FEm... Humbert i.Vov. 30
Kmpire Coo* Bay & Port Orford'Nov 30
Mackinaw Tacoma ' Nov. SO
Arctir Humboldt INov 30
Montara Seattle INov. 30
TV I Norte Creeont City INov. 30
Oiico Coquille Blrcr Nov. 30
V«ttnra i Sydney & Way Ports.. Nov. 30
root Bay ; San PMro & Way Pone ! Nov. 30
Ptat»> of Cat. i Pan Di«jro & Way Porte'Nov. 30
Or.traJia j San Pedro !D«>c. 1
Nome City 1 Portland & Astoria jDfc. 1
Fenator j Humboldt |I>ec. 1
Ci. V.\ ET.<5fr.. Portland & Astoria 'Dec. 1
Abydo* Hamburg & Way Ports'Dpc. 2
P Barbara ! Seattle & Olympla !Dec! 2
Fdith Seattle !Dec. 2
O. Lindauer. . Portland & Astoria. :Dec. 2
Oty ot* Pax*. . X. Y. via Panama IDec. 2
Oiina China & Japan (Dec. 3
nur^ka Humboldt IDec. 3
Point Arena.. Mrndocino & Pt Arena ! Dec! 3
F. Rora San Diopo & Way Pts.lDec. 3
l"mati!la < Pug^t Pound Ports !Dec. 3
j Gray? Harbor IDec. 3
TV Dollar I.Kan Pedro [Dec. 4
VF. Kruper... Tacoma ......iDec. 4
T<eel8naw Tacoma iDec. 4
Pomona Humboldt [Dec. 4
Bonita Newport & Way Ports. IDec. 4
Rival WiUapS Harbor (Dec. 4
F. Monica I Grays Harbor IDec. 5
Columbia (Portland & AMoria 'Dec. 6
J. Dollar Prattle & Tacoma iDec. 6
forona ! Humboldt !Dec. 7
North Fork. .., Humboldt 'Dec. 7
Quwn ' Pu£et Sound Ports iDec. 8
Sun sets 4:81
Moon sets 2:31 a. m.
H ITimel iTimei iTlme| TimeJ
K i 1 Ft. f f Ft. ] j Ft. 1 Ft.
« [£ Wj IH WJ |l. w| H W|
30 I 1:20! 1.0! 8:00| 5.4] 2:30| 1.0! 9:12| 4.2
1 •• : «5' 2.1 8:32 5.0 3:12) 0.3;10:0*j 4.4
2 2 : 5°! 2J3\ 9:0S 5.S 3:54'— 0.2:10:591 4b
3 335 2.4 9:44 0.9 4:36 — O.7jll-:40| 4.8
4 4-20f 2.5 10:25 6.0 5:19—1.01 1
H vh ! L W |H W |L W
5 0:351 5.OJ 5:07 2.7|ll:09 6.0j 6:O4| 1.1
« 1 24f 5.1 5:Mi 2.8|11 :58| 5.9| 6:50:— 1.0
7 I 2:10l 5.1! «:«>i 2.9;i2:5o| 6.7| C:38j— O.»
NOTE — In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tidts are given in the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day in the order of occurrence a* to time; the
fourth time column gives the last tide of the
day, except when there are but three tides, as
eotn'timee occurs. The heights Klven are in
addition to the soundings of the United States
Coast Survey charts, except when a minus ( — )
sign precedes the height, and then the number
given is subtracted from the depth given by
the charts. The plane of reference is the mean
of the lower low waters.
We have all the new pictures and
frames for the Holiday trade now on ex
hibition and sale. Come and see them.
Sanborn. Vail & Co., 741 Market street. •
TO AHRIVE.
The schooner? Antelope and John A
catzie together in the bay last evening,
and thousrh there was no great damage
dune to either vessel the gear and rigging
of the two boats were entangled in such
a wav as to cause considerable delay in
disengaging them. The John A was ly
inj at anchor off Hyde-street wharf wait
ing- for a chance to put out to pea when
the Antelope, inbound from Bandon, Or.,
ran her down while coming to an anchor.
«'apta!n Olsen is in command of the John
A. which will proceed to Eureka after
flight repairs. The Antelope, in charge
nf Captain Wedderstrom. hailed from
Eandon, Or., thirteen days out.
«.
Movements of Steamers.
•
Schooners Collide.
whaling schooner Alexander is on
Alexander Is on Dock.
the Sixteenth-street floating dock and is
having new oak sheathing put on her
hull. She is also undergoing other re
pairs preparatory to her next search for
whales in the northern seas.
Great interest is manifested in the
benefit performance in aid of the free
ward of the California Woman's Hos
pital, to take place at the Alhambra
Theater next Friday afternoon. The
board of lady managers is eparins no
pains to make the affiir a great suc
cess, and with the assistance of the al
ways kindly disposed theatrical folk a
splendid programme has been prepared.
The preformance will be continuous
and the sale of reserved seats will com
mence at Sherman, Clay & Co.'s to
morrow morning at nine o'clock. The
list of volunteers includes many prom
inent names in musical and theatrical
circles.
Interest in Benefit.
George W. Lytton, street car conduc
tor, who was arrested on Friday, as he
was wanted In Los Angeles for steal-
Ing his wife's Jewelry about six months
ago, was taken from the City Prison
yesterday afternoon by Constable H.
Cllne. They left for Los Angeles ori
the afternoon train. Mrs. Lytton ar
rived here yesterday morning and
wanted her husband released, saying
she would not prosecute him, bat all
her pleadings were in vain. Lytton
gave her an order to receive his prop-
An exciting ocean race of about 1200
miles between the British cruisers Me
dea and Medusa ended November 9, the
Medusa winning by'three minutes. The
race from Gibraltar to Eddvstone was
made to determine the relative merits
of water tube boilers, the Medea being
fitted with Yarrow boilers and the Me
dusa with the Durr type, which is ex
tensively used in the German navy.
The Medusa gained slightly in the start
and increased her lead to nine miles
owing to failure of the fans on the
Medea, but after repairs had been made
the Medea closed the gap within three
quarters of a mile. The greatest ex
citement prevailed on both vessels, es
pecially in the boiler-room, and even
the officers assisted in stoking and
passing of coal. The slight difference
in the time made is too insignificant to
determine which boiler is tha best, but
the coal burned and the condition of
the two types after this run will set
tle the question of merit between the
British and German types.
Competitive trials have been in prog
ress for several months between the
Medea and Medusa to ascertain the rel
ative economy of the Durr and Tar
row boilers and up to the recent race
between the two ships the preference
was markedly in favor of the Yarrow
type. It is claimed that the coal con
sumption of the Durr boiler is 25 per
cent greater than that of the English
boiler and, acting upon this showing,
the admiralty has decided to place Yar
row boilers to the extent of four-fifth
power in the four armored cruisers of
13,550 tons and 23,500 horse-power,
which are being built. The remaining
one-fifth power will be supplied by the
old-style cylindrical boilers which have
the sole merit of being economical when
used for all purposes except that of
steaming with speed.
NEW FRENCH BATTLESHIPS.
The French battleship RepubUque of
14,600 tons, 18,000 horse-power and
eighteen knots speed, was laid down at
Brest dockyard December 2, 1901,
launched September 4, 1902, and is ex
pected to be ready for trials October
1, 1904, which latter event If realized
would make her period of construction
only thirty-four months. Another Bhip
of the same type and size named the
»'I"I"I"I"I"H"1"1-I"I"M I I I 1-H-M-M-H
Wife's Pleadings Were Vain.
The King of Italy has appointed a
committee to investigate the affairs of
the naval establishment against which
serious charges of maladministration
were recently made. The committee
consists of five senators, eight depu
ties and four expert officials, and is em
powered to scrutinize the department
bureaus, ships and dockyards and re
port their findings. The first sitting of
the committee began October 21 and the
investigation will occupy several
months. The Duke of Genoa was Min
ister of Marine during the period In
which the alleged faulty management
of naval affairs prevailed.
The Russian admiralty has issued or
ders requiring all midshipmen to attend
the special officers' classes, and repeat
ed failure to pass the examinations will
result in removal from the fighting fleet
and relegation to service on transports.
Efforts are also being made to raise the
standard of the petty officers' class by
increased training ana theoretical
knowledge. To stimulate competition
in gunnery practice the Czar offers val
uable prizes, gold watches with the Im
perial arms, and money, and there is
already a marked Improvement in all
the squadrons as a result of this offer
of prizes.
The Charles Nelson is lying alongside
the Sixteenth-street floating: dock. She
Is a sorry-looking sight. Bverythlng
about her has a dismantled appearance.
Her upper decks are almost entirely
swept away. Her Samson post, which
was snapped off in the terrible gale she
ran into, is lying on her deck and her
cabins are warped and twisted. Her hull
i-wms to be in good shape. All her paint
wnrk pives proof of the tremendous bat-
Taring the tea gave her. Her machinery,
v.hioh is practically intact, is covered
with a mass of rust. From stem to stern
on overy fddf are evidences of the fright
ful battle Fhe must have had with the
s^a. It will take several weeks to put
her in seapolni? shape and her repairs will
oost somewhore in the neighborhood of
< ' ". /Mi/*
* .
Is Scrry Looking Sight
M. Hoffman, A. T. Moran. G. H. Law
roncc, Mrs. G. H. Lawrence. Dr. F
Cook. Mrs. C. Cook. Miss Z. Cook, H. C.
Andrews and Albert Lawrence.
The nip u;> the coast was very smooth.
but wh?n she approached the Golden
<jate the sea was choppy, a dense fog
hung over the entrance to the bay and
the bar was very rough. She brought
the iollowir.gr passengers:
She reports that on November 25 f!h»
saw the I.'nlted States steamer Mohican
at tar?<u practice in Mapdalena Bay. The
Mohican intended to remain there until
Fhr Pacific Coast Steamship Com
pany's steamer Curacao arrived in port
late yesterday afternoon. Sho made the
round trip to Guaymas and return in
twenty-two days.
From Mazatlan she brings $175,000 of
gold and silver bullion. Her voyage was
uneventful.
«
Curacao Arrives
While th* waters of the bay were ev
erything that could bo calm and peace
ful yesterday, the bar was rough and
choppy and outside the Heads a heavy
sea was petting in toward shore. The
sea dashed completely over the seal
rock* and the great waves as they
ftru'k filled the afr with fij-ing ppray.
off thp heads were some dozen lumber
i^.«ols bound in. but they were all
afraid of the bar and several of them
pt""d out to sea. Inside were two big
Ehlpa and several schooners lying at an
<h<>r. waiting to cross out. from pres
ent indications the bar v.JH b«- smooth
to-day and navigation will b? again re-
Fumed.
A cry for help went up, and Greg
gains, who was on the boulevard,
v hipped up his horse and reached the
srene in a short time. Driving the ani
mal into the surf he reached Stall.
After lifting the lad to his feet he hur
ried to Allen, who was farther out and
pitching about on the surface of the
water. Wave after wave dashed against
the policeman's mount before he was
able to come within reach of the boy.
Finally he dismounted, and leaving his
horse standing braced himself in the
sand and caught the limp form of the
lad as it was being carried out on a
receding wave. He reached dry ground
drenched and exhausted and took the
boy to the Seal Rock House, where he
was cared for and resuscitated. His
parents were telephoned for and they
took the lad home.
There was an unusually heavy sea
yesterday afternoon and monster
breakers broke on the shore. The two
youngsters were playing on the sand
and running ahead of the waves as they
came in. A large breaker finally took
them unawares, and when it receded
took both off their feet.
Mounted Policeman M. J. Greggalns,
at the risk of his own life, rescued two
9-year-old boys from the surf near the
Olympic Salt Water Company's pier
yesterday afternoon. The pair of
youngsters— Walter Allen, son of Albert
Allen, a plumber, residing at 1151 Mis
sion street, and Cecil Stall, living at 69
Minna Ftreet — had been caught by a
breaker and were being pitched about
when the brave officer came to their
assiptancp. Stall was landed without
much difficulty, but Allen was nearly
drowned before he could be dragged
to shore.
Steamer Curacao Arrives
From Southern Ports With
Light Cargo.
Two Nine- Year-Old Lads Are
Caught by Waves and
Carried Out.
Policeman M. J. Greg
gains Does Heroic
Work at Beach.
Departure of Vessels Is
Delayed by Tumbling
Waters.
RESCUES BOYS
FROM BREAKERS
BREAKING BAR
HOLDS MENACE
THE SAN FBANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, NOYEMBER 30, 1903.
Victor Emmanuel Appoints a Committee That Will Thoroughly Investigate
the Acts of the Heads of Bureaus and Other Officials Who, It Is Al
leged, Have Been Guilty of Misconducting the Naval Establishment
KING OF ITALY ORDERS THE PROBING
OF CHARGES OF CORRUPTION IN NAVY
9
Russia.
Germany.
United States.
Italy.
Displacement, tons
length, feet •• ••
Breadth, feet
Draught, ' mean, feet
Horsepower
Speed, knots •• •
Main battery '
Secondary battery
Armor belt, maximum thickness....
Normal coal, tons
Estimated cost I
13,110,
388.75
76.23
i 26
16.300
18.75
' 4 12-in.;
12 6-ln.
20 S-ln.;
26 ltt-ln.;
8 1.4-in.
0-X Inches
900
$7,700,000
12.901
398.5
73.75
24.50
lfOOO
18
4 11-ln.;
14 6.7-in.
13.000
375
77
24.67
10.000
17
4 12-ln.;
8 8-in.;
8 7-ln.
12 3-ln.;
6 1.4-in.
12,400
433.9
73.5
27.23
20. COO
22
2 12-ln.;
12 8-in.
12 3.4-in.;
12 1.4-ln.
12 3-ln. ;
12 1.8-ln.
9 Inches
800
$5,787,000
& Inches
600
$6,600,000
8% inches
1000
$5,000,000
Russia.
Germany.
United States.
Italy.
Displacement, tons
length, feet •• ••
Breadth, feet
Draught, ' mean, feet
Horsepower
Speed, knots •• •
Main battery '
Secondary battery
Armor belt, maximum thickness....
Normal coal, tons
Estimated cost I
13,110,
388.75
76.23
i 26
16.300
18.75
' 4 12-in.;
12 6-ln.
20 S-ln.;
26 ltt-ln.;
8 1.4-in.
0-X Inches
900
$7,700,000
12.901
398.5
73.75
24.50
lfOOO
18
4 11-ln.;
14 6.7-in.
13.000
375
77
24.67
10.000
17
4 12-ln.;
8 8-in.;
8 7-ln.
12 3-ln.;
6 1.4-in.
12,400
433.9
73.5
27.23
20. COO
22
2 12-ln.;
12 8-in.
12 3.4-in.;
12 1.4-ln.
12 3-ln. ;
12 1.8-ln.
9 Inches
800
$5,787,000
& Inches
600
$6,600,000
8% inches
1000
$5,000,000
"THE NEW CATACOMB.".
ONE OF THE MOST
WEIBD STORIES
EVER WRITTEN.
BY A. CONAN DOYLE.
NEXT SUNDAY CALL
ADVERTISEMENTS.
¦ "
Eczema
Salt Rheum, Ringworm, Itch,
Acne or other skin troubles,
promptly relieved and cured by
This scientific germicide, which
is harmless, cures by killing
disease germs. Used and
endorsed by the medical
profession everywhere. Sold
by leading druggists. If not
at yours, send 25 cents for a
trial bottle. The genuine bears
my signature. Accept no
substitutes. Address
(v J /if} i I 1 fli fi Frinm ftf
HiwTork.
wn 11 /Valuable Booklet on thm
"*"\tr»»tment of dlae-aaea.
Rheumatism |
Brlght's disease, brick dust deposit, b«d- KJ
wettlns;. rravel. dropsy, diabetes. &j
Cured with jfe^^^ |
; One Bottle / 1
| McBurney's /^» I^P |
1 Kidney and fej <Vw a
g Bladder Cure f» f ¦
E Relief in 20 min- ]^L a
utes. Express pre- ~^*~ -¦¦ *~ a
paid $1 50. &end 25c to W. F. McKur- "a
ney for five days' treatment. 3
226 S. Spring st.. Los Angeles. Sold 4
by druggists. U
©Vim, Vigor. Vitality for Met.
MORMON BISHOP'S PILLd
have been In u«e over fifty
years by the leaders of tho
Mormon Church and their
followers. - Positively cure tr-.»
worst cases in old and youac
arising from effects of teil-
abuse. dissipation, excesses or
cigarette smoking. Cur* Lost
Manhood, Impotency, Lost
Power, Night Losses, Insom-
nia. Pains In Back, Evil Desires, Lame Back.
Nervous Debility. Headache, Unfitnese to Mar-
ry. Loss of J3emen. «ot Varicocele or Con-
stipation. Stop Ner »*J f 3 vous Twitching ot
' Eyelids. Effects are JZZ.J?zL immediate. Impart
vigor and potenc> t »* i/¥ • -^to every function.
1 Don't get despondent, a cure Is at hand. Re-
store small, undeveloped organs. Stimulate
the brain and nerve centers; 5Cc a box; 6 for
$2 50 by mail. A written guarantee to cure or
money refunded with 6 boxen. Circulars free.
Address BISHOP REMEDY CO.. 40 Ellis at..
Ban Francisco. Cal. GRANT DRUG CO.. 3i
and 40 Third «t.
2 visit DR. JORDAN'S great 6
OF ANATOHY;
\ 6 The L*rt^*t Anatomical Museum in tfae \
Q _ij|f World. \Ve»tne«ej mt ji.jt contracted A
Q *£S«1 ipecalist ca the Coul Ejt 36 jrcarv O
$ QZ0h DR> JORWN-DISEASES OF MEN £
1 ?^K«^S Canfiult»tion fr-i and jtrirtly pnrate. T
6 1 l#^t H Trwtmeni personally cr b)r Irttrr. A Q
» I 7 nil T—itn* Curt ia e»ery catcondertaliea. T
A 9 I HO Write for Book. miLO-lirnV of A
" U \V* HAItlllASK. MAILED FkSB. (AT
Jk Q) H valuable book for m»n) \
Y » U JOBDAH * CO.. 1051 Market St.. S. F. V
.C1J r HiERJi r
BAILWAY TEAVEL.
M CALIFORNIA T |
I LIMITED TO CHICAGO |
If Loaves Hondays and Thursdays |
H at 8i30 ¦• m., through In 8 days, |
wL with diner and all trappings. jk
Other Santa Fe Trains :
oiirt ?' S" I {or Stockton, Fre«no, Bat«nfield,
8 : M p.' m'. ) ** etc «*' Haaford uiS Vlsalla.
4.00 p. m. for Stockton.
8:00 p. m. for Kansas City, Grand Canyon and
Chicago.
Tickbt Officb: 641 Market St., and Ferry
Depot. 3. 7. Also 11U Broadway, Oak*
land. Cal.
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. CO.
LESSEE
SAN FRANCISCO ANJ NORTH PACIFIC
EAILWAT COUFAST.
Tiburon Ferry, root of Market Street.
SAN rBANCISCO TO SAW JtAPAEI,.
WEEK DAYS— 7:30, 9:0O. ll:0u a. m.; 12:SS,
3:30, 5:10. 6:30 p. m. Thursdays — Extra trip
at 11:30 p. m.
Saturdays — Extra trip at 1:50 and 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS — 8:00. 9:30, UiOO a. m.; 1:30. 3:30,
5:0C, 6:20. 11:30 p.m.'
SAN BATAEL TO SAIT PSAKCZSCO.
WEEK DAYS— 6:05, 7:35. 7:50. »:20. 11:15
a. m.: 12:50, 3:40, 5:00, 5:20 p. m.
Saturdays — Extra trio at 2:05 and 6:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:00. 9:40. 11:15 a. m.; 1:40, 3:40,
4:55. 5:06. 6:25 p. m.
Leave I In Effect I Arrive
San Francisco. I Sent. 27, 1903. 1 San Francisco.
Week I Sun- I Deatlna- I Sun- I Week
Dayg. I dayg. | tlon. | day». f Daya.
7:30a 8:00a 9:10a 8:40 a
9:30 a Irnaclo. 10:40 a 10:20 a
8:30 p 3:30 p 6:05 p 6:20 p
5:10p 5:00p 7:35p
7:30a 9:10a 8:40a
8:00 a Nova to, 10:40 a 10:20 a
3:30 p 9:30 a Petaluma 6:05 p 6:20 p
6:10 p 3:30 p and 7:33 p
5:00 p Santa Rosa.
7:30 a 10:40 a 10:20 a
8:C0a Fulton. 7:35 p 6:20 p
3:30 p 3:30 p
Windsor,
7:30 a 8:00 a Healdsbura;. 10:40 a 10:20 a
Lytton. r
8:30 p 3:30 p Geyserville, 7:35 p 6:20 p
Cloverdale.
7:30 at 8:00 a) Hopland 110:40 a|10:2O a
3:30 pi 3:30 p( and Uklah. [ 7:35 p[ 6:20 p
7:30 a| 8^00 a I Wllllta. |7:35p|6:20p
7:30 al 8:00 al ~ 110:40 a|10:20 a
8:30 p| 3:30 p| Guernevllle. | 7:35 p| 6:20 p
7:30 al 8:00 al Sonoma, I 9:10 al 8:40 a
5:10 p| 5:00 pi Glen Ellen. | 6:05 p| 6:20 p
7:30 a| 8:00 a| 110:40 a 10:20 a
3:30 p| 3:30 p| Sebastopol. |7:35p 6:20 p
STAGES connect at Green Brae for San
Quentln; at Santa Rosa for White Sulphur
Springs; at Fulton for Altraria and Mark West
Springs; at Lytton for Lytton Springs; at Gey-
tervllle for Skaegs Springs; at CloverdalA for
the Geysers. Boonevllle and. Greenwood: at
Hopland for Duncan Spring. Highland Springs.
Kelseyville, Carlsbad Springs. Soda Bay, Lake-
port and Bartlett Springs; at Uklah for Vichy
Springs. Saratoga Springs, Blue Lakes. Laurel
Dell Lake. Witter Springs, Upper Lake. Pomo.
Potter Valley, John Day's, Riverside, Llerly's
Bucknell'B. Sanhedrln Heights, Hullville. Orr*»
Hot Springs, Halfway House, Comptche. Camp
Stevens, Hopkins. Mendocino City. Fort Brags
Westport. Usal; at Willlta for Fort Bragg 1 *
Westport, Sherwood. Cahto, Covello. Layton-
vllle. Cummings, Bell's Springs, Harris. Ol-
¦en'8. Dyer. Garberville, Pepperwood. ScotU
and Eureka. .
Saturday to Sunday round-trip tlcketa at re-
duced rates.
On Sunday round-triD tlcketa to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket office. 630 Market street. Chronic!*
building.
H. C. WHITINO, R. X. RYAN,
Gen. Manager. Gen. raw. Art.
AUCTION SALES
• OPENING OF ~
** THE SEASON »
A MAGNIFICENT LOT OF
THOROUGHBRED YEARLINGS
FROM THE
MENLO STOCK FARM
W. O*B. MACDONOUGH. Proprietor.
Consisting it sons an<l daughters of Imp.
Brutus. St. Carlo. Orsini. Magnet. Sam Lucas
and Bright Phoebua. out of the marcs that havn
made this farm famous, such as Imp. Miss
Bremmel, Golden Locks. Spinach. Imp. Chtppl»
Moonlit. Gold Lace. Haldee. Hertha. Lovelight.
etc Also seven finely bred thoroughbreds by
Pecksniff from the
ALMENDRAL STOCK FARM,
and the stalllona Don Gar» by Rathbon*:
Bread Riot; besides 1 Jertlderla Fhrcno and sev-
eral others. Sale takes place
MONDAY EVENING NOVEMBER 30. 13C3
Commencing at 7:45 Sharp.
OCCIDENTAL, HORSE EXCHANGE.
216 Third St.. near Folsom.
WM. O. LATNG. Auctioneer.
Send for Catalogues. Horses on exnlbttion
for three days prior to nale. ~.
EAELWAY TRAVEL.
SOUTHERN PACIFIC
Trains leave ami am tlue to arrive at
sAN F1IANCISCO.
(Mala Line. Foot of My^et_ Street )
I.BATC — FKO* XOVBM»IRZ2. 1903. — Oltrj
"TOOa V»e»Tllle. Wlai«rs7T{uin»ey 7 55p
7 0J* Benlcis. Sulsna. Elmiraand S«cr>-
mento 725i»
7J0* Vj»1!«Jo, N«p«s CalUtog*, Santa
Kosa. Manioez. Saa Itamon BZSp
7 XQ*. Kiie». LlT«rmore, Tr»cy, Latftroc
Stockron 725f
8C0«Sh*«t» Kiprest— <V1» D«Tt*>.
Williams (for Dartlett 9prings),
Willows. tKruto. !{«•! Bloff.
PortUml. Tuomt, Pe»lt:e 7.5S*"
' 8 00* D«t1s. Woott!*nrt. Ksfshts Laodlog.
Marytvllle. Oro»!lle 7.5i>
8 30a Port Costa. Mart'.aez. Antloch.
ByroB, Tracy. Stockton. Xew-
in»n. Los Huno*. Me ado t a,
Armona, Haaford. Vital la.
Portrr»me 4^S*
8 30 » ' Port Costa. M*rtla*x. Tracy. L>tb-
rop. Modeslo. Marc^d. Fresno,
Onshen Junctlos). Haaford,
VfraK*. n»ker«fl«ld 4.55r
830* Sllf. San Jor«. I.lvrrmore. Stock-
ton. (tMllton). loan, Stcramento,
PUcerTllIe. JlMjrsTllle, Calco,
Ued Dloff 423p
8.30a Otfed»le. Chinese. Jamestown. So-
oorn. Tnolumne »a 1 Aagsl* 4 25p
9 CO* Atlantic Kipresn— Ogdea sad R»st. 11.25*
8. 30* Rlc'amoiHl, MartlDez aod Way
Station* 8 55*
1000* The OTerland Limited — Ogaen.
Dearer. Omaha, Chicago 6 25?
1000a Vallejo 12.25*
1000a Lot Aarelf* Pawnger — Port
Costa, Martinex, Dyroa, Tracy.
La.tnr.ip. Stockton. Merced,
Raymond. Fresno, Goahen Junc-
tloa. Haaford. Lemaore. Visa. la.
Bakersfleld. Los Angeles 775>»
17 C0» Hayward. Nllet and Way Stations. 3.25«
ti.OOr Sacramento Ktrer Steamers tii.OOr
$.30r B^nlcla. Winters. Sacramento.
TToodland. Knights Landing,
MirytTllle, OroflUe and way
ttatlont 1 9??*
8.30f llayward. NlletandWay Sutlon*.. 7 55*
S.30p i'ort Costa. Martlne*. Byroa,
Tracy. Lathrop. Modesto,
MerceJ. Fresno and Way Star
tlons heyond Port Costa 12-25*
I 30f Martinez. Tracy. Stocktoo. Lodl... 10 23*
4 .CO." Martinez. S»n Uamon.ValleJo.Napa,
Callstoga, Santa Hesa 9.25a
4.00p Nlles, Tracy. Stockton, Lodl 4.25*
4 iOr Hay ward. Kllet, Irvlagton, Baa I *3 55*
Jote, Llvermore ) 11 1.S5*.
600r Tbe Owl Limited— MemmB. Loa
Baaos. Mi-ndoia, Fresno. Tulare.
BakersSeld. Los Angeles 8 55*
B.OOr Port Costa. Tracy. Stockton 122Sr
t620* Hayward. Nllea and San Jose 7.254
600* Hay ward. Ktlet and San Jote 9.35*
643Cr Eastern Exprent— Ogden. Denver.
Omtba. St. Lonts. Chicago and
Eaut. Port Costa, Beaicla, Sul-
• un. Elmlra, DbtU, Sacramento,
Uocklln. Auburn, Cu'.fit,
Trackee, Boca. Keno. Wad*-
worth, WInnemucca B-2S*
t.00* Vaileju. daily, except Sunday.... » 7 R c,
7.00* Vnllejo, Sanday only f '*"
7 OOP hlrhmond. San Pablo. Port Costa,
Martinex and Way Stations 11. 25a
806* Oregon ft California Eiprest— Sac- •
raineuto, Marysvllle, Redding,
Portland. Puget Sound and East. 8 55*
9.10* Bayward, Nllea and San Jose (Sun-
daronly) 11-56*
COAST LINE (Harrow ii»r).
(Koot »f Market Street.)
8-15* Newark. CentervIJle. San Jose.
Felton. Boulaer Creek. Santa
Crux and Way Stations 553*
t2.1B* Newark, Centerville, San Jose,
New Almaden. Lo* Oatoa.!Telton.
Bonlder Creek. Santa Cruz and
Principal Way Stations *10 55*
4.1S* 5ewark. SanJose, LosOatos aad \ *8.55 *
way station* IJ13 55*
•9 30p Buntert Train. Saturday only. San
Jose and Way Sutions. Return-
j tng from Los Gatos Snnrtay only. Yt 29*
OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY.
From SAN i-UAN CISCO. Foot ur Market St. <3l!p4>
—ft: 15 9:00 11:00 a.m. 100 3 DO 515 ru
Fram OAKLAND, Koot of Bruadway — +•:(» JS:O»
tfl:OS 10:C0a.m. 1200 200 4 00 r.M.
COAST LINE (Br»ad Uaage).
%W (1'hlnl and fowngend Streets.)
"|.1O* Saa Joieand Way Stations 630*'
7 00* San Joue and Way Statlens 5 38p
800* New Almaden (Tue»., Frld.. only). 4.18*
8. CO* Const Line Limited — Stopsonly Saa
Jose, Gllroy (connection for Hol-
Itster), Pajaro. CastrOTllle. Sar
Unas. San Ardo, Paso Koblea,
EantAMargarita.San Lais Oblspm,
Principal station! thence Surf
(connection for Lompoc) princi-
pal station* thence Santa Bar-
bara and Los Angeles. Connec-
tion at Castrovtile to and from
Monterey and Pacific Grore 19 4V
I. CO a San Jose. Trea Plnos. Capltola,
SaDtaCrai.PaciflcGroYe.Saltaaa,
Ban Luis Olilspo tad Principal
Way Station* 4.10t>
10-30* Ean Jose and Way Stations 1.20*
1140* Santa, Clara, Pan Jose. Lot Gatot
and Way Stations 7.30
1-30* Saa Jose and Way Stations 1 J&*
3. 00r Paclflc Grore Express— SmtaClara
Saa Jose, Del Monte. Monterey,
Pacific Grove (connects at Santa
Clara for Santa Croz, Bonlder
Creek aod Narrow Gauge Points)
at Gtlroy for Hollliter. Tres
Plnoa. at Ca«tr«v»llle for Salinas. 12.15*
3-30* Tres Pinot Way Passenger {10-45*
t4 4sr ban Jote. (Tl» Santa Clara) Lot
(iatos, and Principal Way Sta-
tions (except Sanday) t9-12*
(6.30* San Jo§e»nd PrlnclpalWty Stations fj OJ*
6-00* Sonset Limited.— Kedword. Saa
Jote,Gnroy.Sa!!naa,Paso Koblet.
San Luit Oblspo. Santa Barbara,
Loa Angelr*. Demlng. Kl Pata,
New Orleans. Sew Yorlc. Con-
nects at Pajaro for Santa Crua
and at CanroTiUft for PaclSo
Grove and Way Station* 7.10*
tS.16> San Mateo.Beresford.Beluieat.Saa
Carlos. Redwood. Fair Oaks,
MenloPark. Palo Alto fS-43*
€.?0p Saa Jose and Way Sutions 6-3S*
11 .30* Sooth SaaFraaclsco. Mlllbrae. Bnr-
llngame. San Mateo. Belmont,
iian Carlos. Redwood, Fair Oaks.
Menlo Park, and r«!o Alto 943*
«11-30* Mayfleld, Mountain View, Sunny-
vale, Lawrence, Saata Clara aad
San Jose {945*
A for Morning. P for Afternoon
] Saaday only.
(Stop* at all ttattoat en Saaday.
t ttanday excepted. a Saturday o«ly.
IVOnly trains stopping at Valencia St. soqtkbon<
are«:10*.x.,7:00*.x. t ll:W*^i.,t:S0p.x.and t-.SOr.m.
JO SAN RAFAEL
ROSS VALLEY,
MILL VALLEY,
CAZADERO, ETC.
via Sausalito Ferry.
Suburban Service. Standard Gauge Electric—
Depart from San KrancUcoDaily— 7:00. 800.
900 10:00 11:00a. m.. 12:20. 1:43. 3:15. 4:14.
8: FROM 2 °inLL" VALLET TO SAN* FRAN-
CIS CO-Dally— 5:45. 6:55. 7:52. 8:55. »:55.
11 -20^7 m.. 12:35, 2.0O, 3:15. 4:05. 5:05. «:03.
7:05 9:00. 1O:S5 p. m
THROUGH TRAINS.
8:00 a. in. dally — Cazadero and way station*.
6:15 p. m. week days (Saturdays excepted) —
Tomalea and way station*.
3:15 p. m. Saturdays— Cazadero and way *ta-
tlons.
Sundays only — 10 a. m.. Point Reyea and way
stations.
TICKET OFFICE — 626 Market st.
FERRY — Union Depot, foot of Market st.
Mt. Tamalpais Railway
Leave Via Sjua^to Ftrrj Arn ve
San Francisco >ttt tl lUrktt R San Francisco
Week San- fgm San- I Week
Days. days jf&4&%*fc< Ai%n Dav^.
•II:H**M:OOa A^?232Si 1S.-O4 r I0:40i
•I:45p »:OOa WESSBalg l:35p %.i0r
5:lSp 1O:OOa tK^St/ 2:50p 5:5Of
ll:OO A 4:5Op »:5«f
i:43p ymSrr »=*»'
, 3:15f T-Kn» ,
•Cwatet Tit> tttgt Su liy u4 Tu>r Ca«a
TICIR I 8% Markkt ST.,(.N'orth Shore Railroad)
OfflCS I aad Sausaixto Fuutv. Foot Market Sc
WeeHy GaiT$Oo DerYearTHE
JOK2T O. SP3ECPLS, Proprietor.
Atcnss C3jBimiittii:ii o JCH5 EcSADgHT, Haazgsr
W. J. MARTIN Business Manager.
TELEPHONE.
Art for THE CALL. Tho Operator Will Con
nect Tow With th« Iiepr.rtn-.cnt You Wish.
t'ubV.cetlcn Office Market snd Third. S. F.
Editorial Koeznz 217 to 321 Stevenson Bt
I>t»Tere« by Carrier*. 20 Cts. Per Week. "S
Cte. Per Month. Single Copies 5 Cents.
T«rras fcy Mall. Including Postage (Cash Wit*
OrCer): 1".
DAJLT CALL Or.elud. Sunday). 1 ye*r..$S.OC
J>AILT CALL Undue. Sunday). • me*.. *£*
r»AIJ.T CALL — By Single Month •»<;
KirN3AT CALL. I Tear 2 -{~
W EEKI-T CAU-. 1 Year • vi;S
POSTAGE. | veeWr. 100 Per Year Extra
ALL POSTMASTERS AIIE AUTHORIZED
TO RECEIVE SUBSCRIPTIONS.
e*rap!« Copies will be forwarded wnen re
quested.
Kail •ubecrtber* in °rderl=r change of aJ
CTtm* »hou!d be particular to rive both NE .v
AND OLD ADDRESS In order to *"""»*
prompt *e« oerrect eoir.pllaac* with tueir r»-
Caaat
OAKLAND OFFICE:
1118 Broadway Telephone M»tn 1053.
BITIIKELET OFFICE: •
tH» Crater Street. . ¦•^j Telephone North TT.
WASHINGTON "CORRESPONDENT:
MORTON E. CRANE...^400 G Street. N. W.
NEW TOHK NEWS STANDS:
Waldorf - Astoria HctM: *• '?f e 5SS£.*2
tTr.1on 8cuar«: Murray ritll Hotel: FlftB-aTe
tue Hotel and Hoffman House.
Rote): Palmer Hcuse.
CHICAGO REPRESENTATIVE:
C. CEOItGE KROGNnSS ...Marquctte Buliag.
Oxasg Distance Telephone, "central 2«1». >
BrsnCEBff OFF1CK~of the S*a Francisco
C*£ ™rr..rM?rPi and ThirJ rtree^: open
ustll 12 o'clock wvrrr n'stht In the yw.
BRANCH OrFlCES:
ttT Montx-otnery ttvwt. comer Clay: open un
til 0:M p. m. ' _.
R00 Hijff street: open until 9:30 p. m.
C2!» McAllister street; open until »:»>». «
rir, I^arkln street: cpen until 0:oO P- ni.
ifXl Mifsion street; open until 10 p. m.
t2Q Market etreet. corner Sixteenth. ope»
until 9 p. ra.
106 Eleventh street; open until 9 p. m.
1OV»6 Valencia street: open until 9 p. m.
Northeast comer Church and Duncan street*.
open until 9 p. m. . •
Northwest corner of Twenty - second ana
Kentucky etreets: open until 9 p. m.
K00 Fillmore ftreet: open untM 9 p. m.
THE SAN FBANCISCO CALL, MOKD AY, NOVEMBER 30. 1903.
10
MEETING NOTICES.
street— Special ansembly THIS E\ EN- £3
ING at 8 o'clock; order of Temple; all
fra iters are courteously invited. By
order of the commander.
0 THEO. FROLICH. Recorder.
EAN FRANCISCO Charter No. 1. Royal 55
Arch Masons, meets THIS EVENING. W
R. A. DEGREE. '? x
H. G. PRINCE. Secrftary.
OCCIDENTAL Ixxjge No. 22. F and A. SB.
M. this MONDAY EVENING at 7:30VV
—Third degree. which will bo conferred /V\
by the officers of Mission Lodge No.
lh). F. and A. M.: Master Masons cordially
invited. By order of the master.
WALTER G. ANDERSON. Secretary.
MISSION Lodge No. 1C3. F. and A. M. O
— Officers s.nd member* are requested *_|\^
to a;s?mble st the Masonic Temple /VN
THIS (MONDAY) EVENING, at 7:30
o'clock, for the purpose of ray'^S a fra-
ternal visit to Occidental Lodee No. 22. F.
and A M R. E. ALLAN. Secretary.
. ,^ .
KING SOLOMON'S Lodge No. 260, F. O
and A M.. 1S33 Fillmcre st.— Third VV
degree THIS (MONDAY) EVENING, /V\
at 7»3O o'clock.
HARRY BAEHR, Secretary. '
ETARR KING Lodgp No. 344. F. and _ '
A M. 317 Dtvlsadero st. — Third de- Vy
«trr» THIS EVENING at 7:30 o'clock.
Master I'asons cordially invited. By
or<2*r ct the W. M.
A. A. ANDERSON, Soc.
ABOU BEN ADHEM Lodge No. jg_— i^
112. I. O. O. F. — Members are £3lBsg*A-
::•.'¦] to at!>r.d furiir.il nf < ur '-'J&'fZ&f'^i
let* brother. J. P. COCHRAN.
P G TUESDAY I p. m.. from lodgeroom.
W. H. A. FORBES. N. G.
OFFICERS an<1 members of Court y •
licbin Hood No. 1. F. of A., are
hereby notified to attend the funeral fcj
of our late brother, JOHN F. /EcL
Bl'LLWINKLE from his late rest- *O
dtneo, »02 Pacific st.. TUESDAY. December
1 11* tf at 11 a. m.
W. F. SPENCER. C. R.
F. A. MILLER. Fin. See.
LABORERS' Protective Unicn No. S944— No- I
tice is hereby given that a special meeting
of this union will be held at Teutonia Hall.
1229 Howard etreet, on Tuesday, December 1.
at 8 p- m.. for the purpose of voting on
two proposed amendments to the constitu-
tion and by-laws. All members are re-
quested to be sure and attend.
M. O'LEART. Pres.
W. J. JOYCE. Fin. Sec.
THE California Debris Commission having re-
ceived application to mine by hydraulic pro-
ceee frcm Omega Placer Mining Co.. in
Omega Placer ' Mine, near Washington, Ne-
vsda County. Cal., draining Into Scotcn-
6cotchrc ans Creek. -which reaches Yuba
River; from W. H. Murchie, !n Murchle
Mine, n«r Nevada City. Nevada County.
Cal.. draining into Deer Creek, which
reaches Tuba River; and from W. I. Wad-
lelgh. in Badger Mine and Liberty Hill
Mine, near Dutch Flat. Nevada County. Cal.,
draining into Stump Canyon, which reaches
Bear River, gives notice that a meeting will
be held at room 96. Flood building. Ban
Francisco. Cal.. Dec 7. 19C3. at 1:30 p. ro.
AGENTS WANTED.
IF you would rather let porch climbers and
btxrclsrs have ycur jewels than to pay $3
for aa absolute detector, that is your busi-
ness. Scle agency. 400 Rialto building.
$3 TO 115 per day selling household «peclalty;
enormous demand; exclusive territory. Write
Domestic Jlfg. Co., Racine. Wis.
WE have a -very attractive offer for subscrip-
tion representatives In the Pacific Coast
States. Address 39 Columbian bldg., S. F.
ATTORNEY S-AT-LAW.
,_" ~~~~~~ \v. H^ BITTNER^
ATTORNEY AND COUNSELOR AT LAW.
Advice free. Pfcoce South 743.
Suit 322. Emma Epreckels building.
Divorces quietly and ler-Hy obtained for
eight c*ur**s; damages secured for Injuries to
per* on or estate: re&levlr.s for property un-
lawfully detained: attachments and garntsh-
cents for lebtf; bonds furnished: bankruptcy
proceedings; wills probated; estates settled;
collections rrod'- in all carts of the U. S.
ADVICE FREE.
OLD ESTABLISHED.
COLUMBIAN LAW & COLLECTION AGENCT
Abie sttcrr :«-f. Rm. £3. 916 Market, opposite
CtcporJum . B*<1 tenants ejected speedily aad
re— *cn— t>!y. Collections, no matter how small.
»ttcr.d-d to; ttiachment?; bonds furnished; cor-
;«r*rto&s organised: civil and criminal practice.
?•!. Jobs C2CC. Oi*a evening* by appolntmenc
•~> aotldt an Interview with you. •
A PRIVATE, quick divorce for a small fee.
£ee Cie asd rave inoney; r.o pay in advance.
O. W. HOWK. ATTORNEY-AT-LAW.
Establlfchetf 22 jr».; — r.s. 1. 2. 3. 4 A- 5. 1st fl.
1122 Market et.. between Mason and Taylor.
Afivlce free, all matte.—. Detectlvea employed.
A A — THE Leg— . Advleory. inc.; reliable attor-
neys; practice is all courts; attachments, di-
vorce, tt'ikttf. fcankrvptC7. probate. 811.
MIA. MJB Crosrley bldg.. N. E. cor. New
klcntgo— ery ktwJ M'.rslon ««=.; tel. John 2926.
KO3T. W. KTNG. atty-at-law. Examiner bid.,
rocm 611: aJl c«*e». ia.ma.gos. estates, wllia,
attach—^at». collections, etc.. consultation
f— «• no advance charges ; caJl or write;
evenl-igx by s.ppo'.ntmenL Tel. Red 3C01.
ADVICE frwe-— I wilt advar.ee cost in ro .eritorl-
otw races. £!vcrccs. probate and All otfc-r lit
ruci; no *eea in advance: open every even-
leg. 3. M. THURSTCN. SID Merket st., r. SI.
DIVORCE coetfi *J2; quick ar.d quiet: open
•.v*n!r.|— . Examiner building, room 315.
DIVORCE co»!s J12: open evenings; tenants
•;ecte<3. S3. Blfl Market, r.tg.-phone B'.ack <q\.
DIVORCE — Co»ta. $12; quick, quiet; advlc*
free; open evenlnca. 927 Market it., r. 301.
U B CLAIIK. Rm— a Hprscl:ele nldg.. 927 Mar.
k**t St.: eor«u!tatlon fr»»: no f»ea In advance.
AJ)VICE free; co cha— ;e anleas successful; all
law bn_BC*i. W. W. Davidson. PS7 Market.
A WEEK'S news fcr 5 cent* — The Weekly CaJL
j« r _K»a. in wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
tllRDS. DOGS. _TO.
Garbling c*_uies. •a»-_;s p^V! : .^j
J-irUis of rosr *«4 ?*»cr birds: goWfUa. seed
rare* etc. Give us a trial: we will ple*»«
you. !&«• KaTke-t wt.
CO__ECTIOX~bFKICES.'
HAD t«__ts ejected lor *< £_ c ° l ™?*»J!fi£!i
cltr cr country. PACIFIC M1A&XW*
•CO.. Oft MontcoioeiT, nom* 0-l«; t-. M**
EDUCATIONAL— Continneil.
ENGINEERING — Civil, elec, mln., mech.. sur-
vey, assay, cyanide; day. ev.: cst. 1S04. Van
der Nallltn School. 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
HEALD'S School of Mines & Electrictty.24 Post
st., S. F. ; a practical 6chool of engineering:
complete equlDment. Special catalogue tree.
A— SAN FRANClicO Business College, 1236
Market 6t.— Practical, progressive, reliable;
day and evening sessions; write for catalogue.
DANCING Tuesday, Thursday, Saturday. Sun-
day evga.. Teutonla Hall. Howard st., nr.
9th. Prof. Foster: society dancing taught.
SCHOOL OF~ILLUSTRATION Day and
PARTINGTON'S. 424 Pine st Night class.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing,
etc.; day or eve.; $3 mo. 1024 Mission, nr. 6th.
' EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.^
GEiORGE~AbKT. _T~Posf Bt. ; tel. Bush 133 —
Japanese-Chinese employment office; fur-
nlshes best help; contracts for farm help, etc.
A— CRPHEUM Employment Office— Japanese-
Chlnese help. 426 Powell. TeL Main 5752.
A— GRAND Japanese-Chinese Emp. Office. 415
Stockton; tel. Grant 1CS: expert, reliable help.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of-
flce; all kinds help. 315 Stockton; Main 3188.
CHINESE and Japanese help; estab. 20 years.
Tel. Main 1997. BRADLEY A CO.. 640 Clay.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED — FEMALE.
CAPABLE, young, strong Irish girl who can
cook well wants housework in a family
paying S:!0 a month; has four years' refer-
ences from present place. Call at MISS
PLUNKETT'S. 425 Suttcr St.. near Powell.
GOOD ccok; will do plain washing: also young
girl to do upstairs work or take care of chil-
dren; references. Apply 1314 Jessie st., near
Herman.
RESPECTABLE woman; Is a good cook; with
a respectable American family; will go a
ehort distance In country; can give good
references. 264^ Tehama >t. .
GERMAN girl seeks situation as general serv-
ant; wages $20. Apply between 10 a. m.
and 4 p. m. 2501 Mission st.
COMPETENT German woman desires position
in email family; able to take full charge.
Call at 1403 Polk st.. corner of Pine.
AN elderly German woman wishes to get In a
small family; is neat good cook; small wages.
Box 2tt»0, Call office.
WISH position to do cookinsr In private fam-
ily. 23CS Bush St., near Scott^
GIRL assist housework: small family; flat;
wages .fig. 504 Stelner st.. bet. Oak arfd Fell.
YOUNG lady having diploma from European
school wishes situation as governess or com-
panion; will teach German. French, music;
speaks Enulish: references. Address S. C,
box 520. Sacramento, Cal.
A MIDDLE-AGED woman wants a situation
ns housekeeper or light housework for a str.^ll
family or will take charge of dining-room and
kitchen: good plain cook; wages $-0; car-
fare. 315 M'nna st. '
A REFINED, educated middle-aged lady, a
linvrulst. wishes posltoln as companion, gov-
erness or housekeeper; would go to the coun-
try or travel; best city references; no tritiers.
Box 2991. Call.
A LADY would like to take charge of a
rooming-house of about 25 room*; will do all
the work; ealary $35 and room. Address
J. H. S.. box -'9s8. Call.
WANTED by young lady, with knowledge of
Spanish position as stenographer; best refer-
ences; 'any ealary. 'Address Urgent, box
4723. Call.
WANTED by capable middle-aged lady posi-
tion as housekeeper 1 widower's family pre-
ferred. MRS. J.. box 4735. Call. '-
WANTED — By a young, refined, highly edu-
cated lady position as companion; best of
references. Hox 3462. Call. ¦
WOMAN wants to do plain sewing, 75 cents a
day. In Oakland and Alameda. Address G.
A. Diamond Postofflce. ¦
WANTED by thoroughly competent woman, a
position as housekeeper; best of references.
' Address box 4503, Call office.
FIRST-CLASS nuree wants work In confine-
ment case; kind to children; reference. Box
472. Call.
EXPERIENCED nurse wishes a few more en-
. gagements: charges reasonable. 913 O'Far-
rell st.; phone Larkln 612.'
AN experienced chambermaid wishes work.
Call Hancock House. 781 Mission St.. room
S3. MISS SUSIE LILLARD. ._
GIRL wants a situation for housework and
cooking; please call Monday. 14BU Grove st.
COLORED woman wishes a situation as chil-
dren's nurse. Box 3465, Call office.
YOUNG Swedish girl would like to do second
housework. 10?6 Caroline st.. bet. 22d, 23d.
SITUATION wanted by lady as manicurist In
•a shaving parlor. Box 4750. Call.
WANTED— Children's sewing 4 at home; is a
first-class plain sewer on all garments; can
furnish references. 402 Eighth st. •
A FIRST-CLASS Swedish cook: best city ref-
erences. Call 654 Stevenson _ >
SITUATION by a competent girl In small fam-
Uy; good references. 7 years. Box 4502, Call.
SITUATION wanted by experienced colored
woman as nurse. Address box 4712, Call.
FIRST-CLASS German woman wants to cook
In small family. 706 California St.. rm. 4.
LADY pianist would like a position; country
preferred. Call or address 122 Turk st.
SITUATION wanted by lady aa manicurist In
a shaving parlor. Box 4750. Call office.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call Branch office, cor. Duncan *c Church ats.
WANT ads and subscriptions taken for The
Call at Eaton's Bazaar. U33 McAllister st.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED — MALE.
COACHMAN, gardener, pruning, grafting or
lay out a new plat: first-class work in any
branch; field or landscape. Address J. W.,
013 Mission st. . , ' '- ¦ ¦
SOBER man wants good home for the winter;
willing to do. light chores In exchange for
room and 'board. JONGHAUS, 1031 Mission.
BARBER wants position evenings.- Saturday
.and Sunday. Box 2080. Call. ¦ ¦ ' - - '"
BARBER desires evenings and Saturday work.
1410 Larkin st.: call bet. 2:30 and 4:30 or
after 8:30 p. m.; phone Larkln 1192.
WELL-EDUCATED young Englishman re-
• quires. work In any capacity; excellent refer-
ence* H.. 24 Eleventh St.. city.
WANTED — Work In - factory ! or warehouue by
married man; steady and total abstainer.
' EDWARD OZANNE, general Postofflce, San
Francisco. . , ;- ¦
SINGLE . middle-aged American wants subur-
ban position as cook. and general" utility
man In small family without children. , Ad-
dress .room : 69. '321- Ellis st. V ' .' ¦ • '.'-
CHRISTIAN young man wishes a situation
with a pneat or • Catholic institution, city or
country, by December 1. Box 4723, Call.
EMFLOY3IENT WASTED— 3IALB.
SITUATION wanted by a steady, sober and
Industrious man, as tool sharpener around a
mine or to take care of or set up machinery
or run a hoist; a good all-around man. Ad-
dress box 4592, Call office.
TO first-class Installment house — Experienced
salesman for your domestic dry goods de-
partment, blankets, curtains, linens, etc.;
excellent stockkeeper; good references. Box
20SC, Call office. __• \
AN elderly single German Is open for a posi-
tion where general administratU-e ability,
with practical knowledge of all agricultural
branches/ especially forestry, would be in
requisition. Box 45CS, Call office.
ESTIMATOR and salesman; marble, granite
and building material In general; a good cor-
respondent and business getter desires situa-
tion. Box 3452. Call office.
YOUNG Japanese boy wants to go to school and
will cook and do housework before school
and after; can speak English; will work for
$1 50 a week. Box 2090, Call office.
A YOUNG, bright Japanese wants position as
schoolboy !n small family In the vicinity of
Jefferson square. Y. R., Japanese Gospel
Society, 725 Geary st. »
STEADY, reliable man and wife wish to take
charge of a gentleman's place or a stock
ranch: good references. S. D... 77 Ninth st.
SITUATION wanted by expert and experienced
draftsman and designer. Address box S37,
Call office. Oakland. .
AN elderly man. . reliable, good reference*,
wants position as night watchman. JACOB
BAKER, room 110. Winchester House.
YOLWO man desires position with reliable I
houee where he may advance: 3 years' office j
experience; best references. Box 4526. Call, j
A PAINTER, paper hanger, whltener wants
work; has all tools. 1302 Webster st.; tele-
phone Jackson 1321.
YOUNG Chinese, rood cook, wants position In
private family cr boarding-house. CHUNO
WING, 02 Clay St., room 2.
A JAPANESE laundryman wants to work In a
family In town; 15 years' exp?r ence In Japan;
$:15 to $50. TAGUCHI, 9:15 Sacramento et.
AN honest young Japanese who speaks good
English wishes to do housework. Address H.
MAKA, 923 Sacramento st.
YOUNG Japanese boy wants position In private,
family as schoolboy: good cook. Address W.
NOMNURA, 51S Jessie «t.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call Branch office, cor. Duncan & Church sts.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia st.
FLATS TO LET.
A — HOUSES and flats to let; an Immense* list;
service absolutely free: take advantage of
this department: It will save you time and
trouble. Cordea Furniture Co., 245-259 Geary
st:, on the square.
ALL of the most desirable flats and houses are
listed In our renting department: let us give
you a list and help you find one In the loca-
tion you want. STERLING FURNITURE
COMPANY, 1039 Market St.; services abso-
lutely free.
LARGEST list of houses and flats to let. Call
on LYON & HOAG, 110 Montgomery st.
THREE sunny rooms and bath; marine view.
1209 Taylor at.
C NEW sunny flats, 6 rooms, bath; yard: open
to-day. Post St.. bet. Broderlck and Baker.
$7— LOWER flat. 720VS Harrison et.. between
Third and Fourth.
FLATS TO LET — FURNISHED.
FURNISHED flat to let, 4 rooms; $18. 154
Tehama St.. off Third.
DIAMOND. 819 — Flat of three sunny furnished
rooms; $14. -
FLATS FOR SALE FURNISHED.
FOR SALE — Cheap: centrally located furnished
flat of five rooms; rent $22 50. 2 Post Court,
off Post, near Larkln.
JONES. 90ft— Departure; furnished flat of T
rooms and bath: a good Investment.
$3C0— 5 ROOMS* cozy upper flat, newly fur-
nlshed; rent $27 50. 4Ort',6 O'Farrell.
FINANCIAL.
COMPANIES Incorporated, financed and stock
floated. W. H. BITTNER. Lawyer and Fl-
nancial Acent. 322 Emma Bpreckels bldg.
FACIAL MASSAGE.
A WRINKLES removed; fine complexion guar-
anteed, new method; 5Oc. M. LUTON, manl-
curlng parlors. 764 Larkln St.; phone Polk 17.
FURNITURE WASTED.
HIGHEST price for furniture and — dse. L. H..
BURD. auctloneer.1818 Mkt-;tel.Howard 2736.
A WOLLPERT. 773 Mission, phone Red 4462.
buys, rents, repairs, packs furniture, carpets.
HELP WANTED — FEMALE.
A GIRL to label bottles, $5 a week; a waitress
for small family. $25 a month; a laundress
for private family In San Mateo. $30; a cook
' willing to do small wash for American fami-
ly. $30; an assistant nurse for two children.
$25; a cook for small boarding-house In city.
$35; a cleaner for an institution in city, $35.
room and board; a chambermaid for a hos-
pital in city. $25. room and board: 20 housed"
work girls for city and country. $30. $25 and
$20. MISS PLUNKETT, 425 Sutter street,
near Powell. - . . , -
A WANTED — Girls to learn halrdresslnff.
manicuring, etc.; trade taught from A to Z
In 2 weeks; $5 to those entering now; 3 po-
sitions to fill Immediately: positions guaran-
teed at $10 per week up; leading school In
West. 233 Geary st..- room 13.
A — Girls to learn millinery now for spring sea-
son; both seasons taught from start to finish
In 1 month for $10; positions as trimmers,
salesladies, etc., guaranteed at $10 per wk. up;
day and evening class. 143 Stockton St.. r. 13.
A — LADIES to learn all branches halrdresslng
trade; -manicuring, massage, etc 1236 Mar-
ket st., cor. Jones,, room 94; positions secured
at higher* wages: day and eve. class: call.
SEWING MACHINE OPERATOR8 AND RIV-
ETERS; NO EXPERIENCE NECESSARY:
PAID SALARY. LEVI STRAUSS tt CO.'S
FACTORIES, 32% FREMONT ST. AND 1873
MISSION. NEAR FIFTEENTH.
A — CUTTER on ladles' and children's wear,
with or without experience. 656 Mission st.,
third floor. -
A — OPERATORS wanted on ' ladles' under-
wear: good pay. 656 Mission st., 3d floor. -
A — OPERATORS on children's woolen dresses
and coats. 656 Mission et.. .third floor.
GIRL for general housework and cooking;
wages $23. 20O4 California st.
BUSINESS CHANCES.
Tt. O. WILJvE. Heal Estate and Business .
Agent <entabi:sh«d 14 years). 20H Kearny
St.. rocrr.s U ana 10.
A SJ600 COFFEE Milcon and restaurant on
the water front, close to Market et.: daily
receipts about $03; business clearing $300 p*r
month; trial given: a splendid offer: Investi-
gate it once. See R. G. WII.KE. 26H
Kcarny at. ¦*¦ "-
A— $3500; HOTEL and barroom with 30 rooms.
In Point Richmond: rent $100; rooms always
occupied by employes of railroad and Stand-
ard Oil Company; board bill guaranteed by
com panv; owner never clears less than $300
per -cntb. Call R. G. WILKE. 2C*i
Xearny st.
A — *800; SALOON on water front, with S fur-
nished rooms; 3 iron b*d«teads In each room:
2Vj years' lease; rent $J5: rooms alone pay
$70 per month and saloon doing a good busl-
ness. See R. G. WILKE. 26VJ, Kearny st.
A— J350- EMPLOYMENT office, doing a good
business: must be sold at once on account
of sickness In owner's family. Call R. G.
WILKE. 26tt Kearny at.
A— $1800; HALF Interest In one of the beat
corner saloons on water front; lease; dis-
agreement of partners cuuse of sale; will
sell whole for $3400. Call R. G. WILKE.
26^ Kearny st.
A $1230: CORNER saloon on Fourth »t., close
to S. P. freight sheds; 8. furnished rooms
and kitchen: a cood paying business. See
R. G. WILKE. 26H Kearny at.
A— $S0O; DAIRY prodtxe and delicatessen
store; rent $22; business clears above $100
per month; living rooms; value In sight.
Call R. G. WILKE. 26^ Kearny st.
A— $2000; SAIXXJN on Kearny St.. about 2
blocks from Chronicle building; place estab-
lished years and doing a good business; or
one partner will sell his Interest for $1000;
disagreement c&use cf sale. See R. O.
WILKE. 20V; Kearny st.
A— J1200; COFFEE saloon and bakery: close to
Phelan building; a good payl"K business,
but — ii«t be pacriflced on account cf owner
being sick In hosuital. Particulars R. G.
WIL.KE. 26 hi Kea-rny gt.
A— $3250; LEADING saloon on Market and
Mason ets. ; net rent $150: lease with priv-
ilege of 5 years more; value In sight. Call
R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearoy su
A— $C30: CIGAR etand on Montgomery st. ; a
$700 cigar stand en EIIIb St.; stock at In-
voice: r $200 clsar stand on Thiri st.: stock
at invoice: a $4oO cigar stand on Eddy St..
itock at Invoice. Call R. G. WILKE. 26H
Kearny et. ¦' ,-¦ >'¦*
A— $1250- COFFEE saloon on Geary St.; rent
$45. R. G. WILKE. 26^ Kearny st.
STRANGERS. ATTENTION!
Are vou looking for a safe and profitable burt-
r.ets opening In San Francisco? If so. w« can
offer you any number requiring an investment
from $100 to $50,000; every business oppor-
tunity that passes through our office must
stand the closest investigation, ond we can
place you In a store, factory, hotel, mill, of-
fice or. In fact, any business you may prefer;
kindly call and Investigate.
GERMANIA INVESTMENT CO..
Suit 321. Emma Spreckela building.
ADVERTISER wishes to Invest $10,000. with
services. In sound, paying business; nothing
speculative or experimental: particulars nec-
essary to Insure attention. Box 2091. Call.
A^ FURNITURE BUSINESS.
A business man with from $2000 to $5000
can secure partnership In established busi-
ness In this city and take charge of store. ,
GERMANIA INVEST. CO.. 927 Market st.
A STENBERG CO. Phone Black C892.
763 < 4 Market Ft.
We have for tale at their value a few
groceries, restaurant, bakeries, saloons,
candy, cigars.
STORES. STORES.
A. STENBERG CO., 7fe3Va Market st.
A— GENERAL MERCHANDISE
STORE FOR SALE; a nice clean str>ck In
the best town in California: invoice about
$4OT,o- low rent: lone lease.
GERMANIA INVEST. CO.. 927 Market M.
A FIXE chanco; restaurant and delicatessen;
opposite Lorin depot S. P. R. R. and new
electric: fine living for couple; investigate;
cheap. Yate's restaurant. South Berkeley.
FOR SALE^ — A -well established harness busi-
ness- :n the thriving city of Chico. For par-
ticulars call on L. D. STONE & CO.. 417
Market ft., or write to box 263. Chlco.
A RARE OPPORTUNITY.
A — ?2.V> cash and services secure interest In
established office business paying $25 weekly;
experience not necessary: simple accounts.
GERMANIA INVEST. CO.. 927 Market st.
RELIABLE nan with $4C0 to $300 can buy I
one-half interest in old-established business
In Oakland. Apply to P. C. LASSEN & CO..
4C0 Tenth st.. Oakland, Cal.
A— FOR <;ulck sales see Brown the hustler;
edvf>rtlsln~ money advanced. Phone How-
ard 2925.
BARBER ehop for sale; cheap. 1013 Kearr.y
street. i
$10 A DAY average BPfiured by the Rockton
race system for people who have hard horse
sens?. " Box :«55, Call.
A^ MERCHANTS. ATTENTION.
Do you wish to enlarge your business, or do
you desire, additional capital? If so. we can
furnish you with an active or silent partner
»ho will Invest fr":n 5100 to $50,000; we
bave a large number of desirable applicants
en our books seeking good business openings.
GERMANIA INVESTMENT CO..
Suit 321. Emma Spreckels building.
$2500— FOR sale, first-class, good paying sa-
loon: good stock on hand. California st., neai
Market. Box 4509, Call office.
LIGHT manufacturing business; over half
profit: small capital required. 576 Bryant
«.. near Fourth.
WANTED — A man with $500 for half Interest
In good paying buslr.ee* ; paying $30J menth-
ly. Address box 4579. Call office.
FOR eale — A large, well- paying bakery; ehort
distance from city. Box 4706, Call.
FOR rale — Shoe store: 3 living rooms: must
be sold account of sickness. 376 Fourth Ft.
FOR Eale — Cigar stand: owner In bad health
cause of selling. (K>3 Howard st.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address In the
United States or Canada one year for $1.
LODGING-HOUSES FOR SALE.
f MARION GRIFFIN. 1
MARION GRIFFIN, t
MARION GRIFFIN.
MARION GRIFFIN. |
MARION GRIFFIN.
MARION GRIFFIN. |
MARION GRIFFIN. J
[Room 406. Examiner Building.]
Phone Black 3007. Take elevator to 4th floor.
LARGE, new, elegantly furnished house; cost
l SSOOO: will pell for amount of mortgage; p->a-
ltlvely a forced sale; easy terms; Hears $300
k rr.cnth; $1500 ca*h necessary-
MARION GRIFFIN. ]
HOTEL, with bar; 58 rooms; gr«»at sacrifice;
only $2100; dining-room seats 100; electric
lights; newly furnished. MARION GRIFFIN.)
PARTLY furnished 20-room house; sunny side;
north of Market; if you have furniture in
storage make proposition to
MARION GRIFFIN. ]
YOU can make $10,000 per year in a certain
ultra-fashionable apartment-house: exclu-
sively for sale by MARION URIFFIN. )
WE can show you a swell roomlne-bouse, em-
inently respectable, for $12,000. frcm which
$0000 Is banked yearly. MARION GRIFFIN.]
JOBS at $3 per day at home are rcarce; we
know of one; price ($1050) lndtiJes 17-room
house. MARION GRIFFIN. ]
NEW building: .10 rooms elegantly furnished;
clears $150 month; lease: easy terms.
MARION GIIIFFIN. ]
DARING, ability and $4.'.00 will yield a profit
of $500 monthly right here In this city.
Before you lnvost elsewhere you'd better go
and to* MARION GRIFFIN. ]
VERY nice, respectable house: well furnished
and full of roomers; In best of down town
locations; will clear $70 a month; thorough-
ly safe and trustworthy proposition; the rent
is $63 and the price Is $1450. MARION
GRIFFIN. 400 Examiner building. •-'¦<¦:-»¦:,
HORTON & TRUBODY. tho Pioneers.
6 Eddy. r. J00.
85 — rs.: rent K CO per room; new bldg.; now
carpets, well furnished: light and sunny:
clears $200; price $4000. $1500 cash; ill health
cause. 100 rms. ; $7500; cheap rent; long lease;
corner en Msfrket; a money-maker and rare
bargain. 36-room family boarding-house; cor-
ner; cleared $3000 last 12 months; light and
sunny; a beautiful borce: nice (rardcrk- north
of Market. 'JO rooms; transient: clears $200
month: S1S00. 23 rooms, transient. $2250: $800
ca*h. HORTON & TRUBODY. C Eddy et.;
phone James 5380.
FEE I
J. E. TETLOW.
Phone Folsom 2967,
1023 Market st.. between Cth and 7th,
For boteie, rooming-houses and business
chances; any part of the city.
BARGAIN
SO rooms, near the Mint; nearly all men
roomers: low rent; good Income; cost $2500; for
cash will trfke less; leaving the State; make of-
fcr. M E. RIVES. 74 Columbian building. .
, A— $3000: PRIVATF, boarding-house, with 40
•legantly furnished rooms, on Van Ness ave.:
i ro?xna always occupied and first-class patron-
•co. Bee R. O. WILKE. 26^ Kearny st.
ELEOANT corner fiat, S rooms. Western Ad-
dition; rent $35; cheap. $900; large ltst of
hoiwen. S to 200 rooms. EITEL - CARROLL*
212 Ktwrr >y «.
HELP WASTED-—- MA— E Con tinned.
PACIFIC EMPLOYMENT AGENCY.
320 Sacra— ento at.— 320
Phone Main 1191. - Cor. Leidesdorff st.
COAL MINERS for NEW MEXICO.
Senator Clark's new R. R. LT AH.
ICO laborers. $2 day. LTAH.
COAL MINERS. OREGON.
CHICO, BUTTE CO. HALF FARE.
.'SO 'J and 4 horse teamsters, $2 23 and $2 50
day. shir> to-nl-ht; 1O laborers, cheap fare.
$2 25 day; 5 laborers, do little teaming.
*2 23; 4 shaft miners. S houra. cheap fare.
$'J0; 2 woodchoppers. everything furnished.
$4 cord; 10 carwnters. see us to-day, new,
long jab; bugsy washer, country town, top
wages: 5 farmers. $2t> and $30 fd. ; 2 milk-
ers, $33 fd.; i*5 tiem akera; 4 ranch team-
sters; cooka and waiters, etc.
YCL'NG man. German cr German- American, to
•work in pork and delicacy store; references.
Apply 30tS Sixteenth st.
WHY pay big prices to ha»e your shoes ha.f-
soled when you can get It done for -5c, Suo
and 60c while you wait at 5tit Misalon st..
bet, lat aad 2d »ta.. or 11 Third st.T
WANTED — For U. 8. Marine Cjrp«. ¦.!>!•-
bodied unmarried men between 21 and 33;
good character; must speak. r-n>l ar.J writs
English: marines serve at sea on men-of-
war In at! parts of the world, oa land In our
!» land posressiccs - and at naval nations la
the Unit-i States. Apply at recruiting of-
Jl-e. 40 Ellis at.. San Francisco. CaL. aai
4C1 K St.. Sacramento. Cal.
WANTED — An all around bookbinder: on* who
can do forwardlr.< and finishing on full
bounds. Apply SANEORN. VAIL * CO..
741 Market st. ... ..----•
MEN wanted to learn the barber trade In two
months and aecurv good position*; <.atalo<u*
mailed free. MOLER System College. — *
Clay nt.
PENSION ATTY. M. HARRIS. 40 Elil» St.: 1*
years* practice; refer— ic»s from thousand* of
persons for whom I have securM t^nalonj.
WAXTKD — Laborers and BMcttaolCB td know
that Ed Roikln. Reno House proprCevOr. has
added 100 new rooms to the T>env?r Home.
217 Third ft.: 2."0 rooms: 25c to SOc rwr nlsHt.
.-CHAIR barter shop f.-.r sale; en account of
other fcuslneys. 704 Polk st.
MEN to learn barber trad?: caialcn'i* mailed.
S. F. Barber School. 7UA Howard st.
PENSION etty. E. A. BullU. rco.-n 4(1. Ph'in
bi_«\ Past Com. Geo. II. Them a< Pov.C.A R.
McDOXALD & PEKRY have a !a.-«s stock o£
new and second-hand *hoe»: chea,-.. 2.:^ :M st.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 Third at., near Mar-
ket — 7f0 rooms. 33a night: r^adini: rooms;
free "bus and baggare to and from ftrry.
ADVERTISEMENTS, tubscrlptlons -ecelvcd aS
Call Branch or3ce. cor. Duncan & Churoh fatt.
A BRANCH offlc* for Call advertise— -mi and
rutwrtiptlnna baa beeo «* in b. iar.nl at iuj-J
Valencia st.
ALL sizes —en's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. 563 Mlw'.on at., bet, lit and 2J sta
GET your sho»« half soled while waiting: 23o
to .W. XKi Mission «t.. bet, lat and 2d <t!i
HORSES A.VD WAGOSS.
' WILL CLOSE out a large stock of horsea.
i wagons, surreys, buggies, carts and harness
at auction Tuesday, Dec. 1. 11 a. — ,. at 11 «J
Folsom st.
HARNESS and saddles, the best for tha money.
at JEPSEN BROS. CO.. Inc.. the. big store,
1145-1147 Market st.. San Francisco.
MUST be sold at a sacrifice; 3 good hones,
327 Sixth st.
Al EXPRESS wagon, light camping waxoa
and gocaxt for sale cheap. 5.12 Mission st.
Largest assortmt 2-hand wagons, buekb'd. sur-
rey,harne«3.wcrk.drlvlRg horse*. 15tn-Va,'encl>
HOUSES TO LET.
A — PRINTED ltst of houses to let ; send for cir-
cular. G. H. UMBSEN A CO.. 14 Montgomery.
A — HOUSES and flats to let: an lmmensa list:
service absolutely free; take advantage of
this department; It will save you tima and
trouble. Cordes Furniture Co., 243-233 Geary
St.. on the square.
BEFORE roving get our printed list of houses
to let. BALDWIN & HOWELU 53 Post st.
IIOVSE.S TO LET — FLIIMSIIED.
COMPLETELY furnished, sunny 7-room house.
Box 34»57. Call office.
FOR SALE — 6-room flat; newly furnished:
partly rented 1GS Ninth st.
HOUSES "WASTED.
WANTED to rent or will lease a two-story cot-
tage In Western Addition. Box 2031. Call.
LOST AND FOl'5D.
LOST — Brown water spaniel, white breast;
Oakland license 105tf; answers to Shot: re-
ward. CHARLES SCHWEITZER, Becker's
market, 909 Washinstcn St., Oakland.
FOUND — Sept. ft. gold watch attached to pin;
msnogram and engraving. Apply 22 Pond
St.. near Sixteenth and Market, bet. 7 and
8 o'clock.
LOST — Snake belt, November C4. Return ta
Ansonia. 4CS Stockton st., room 704; reward.
LOST — Scarf pin. 3 pearls, small diamond ta
center. Return 210 Market st. Reward.
IT will pay to "Remember" that th» California
Watch Case Co.. 120 Sutter st.. needs old
rclri and yl'ver to — ak» nerr witch c»«»«.
MILLI.NEU Y.
LADIES — 200 stylish hats to select from: leas*
told must vacate February 1. 19O4: savw
money by caMIng on MME. DOSCH. 207 Post.
MINES AND MINING.
$21 PER month buys 300 shares in high-grada
Arizona mine; no assessment: dividends la
sight: $7 per month buys 10t> shares; writs
for prospectus: agents wanted. 728 Starr
King building. Pan Francisco.
MISCELLANEOUS — FOR SALE.
BOILERS, engines. 2d-hand machinery. McIN-
TOSH fe WOLPMAN. 195-197 Fremont at
DOES YOUR ROOF LEAK?
Repair It with elatertte; in rotls easy to lay;
needs no painting or coating; good over old
Iron tin or shingles; best for new roofs.
ELATERITE ROOFING CO.. 713 Market St.
2D-HAND machinery, boilers, engines, pumps,
pulleys, shafting, etc.. etc.. bought, sold,
rented and exchanged; see Sunday papers.
H. S. WHITE M'CH' Y. CO.. 130-132 Beale »t.
A— Fine suits, $7 50; dress, pants, $2 50. Origi-
nal Misfit Clothing Parlors. 238 Kearny »t..
near Bush: open to 9 p. m. : Sunday to noon.
A BUYS, sells or rents gear machinery, en-
gines boilers, water pipe, shafting, pulleys.
etc. WHITELAW. 253-253 Spear st.
2 72x16' HORIZONTAL tubular boilers, front
and all fittings. TRACT ENGINEERING)
CO.. 151 Fremont St.. San Francisco^
TYPEWRITERS, slightly used, sold at cost;
new Underwood visible typewriter catalog
sent free. R. E. Revalk & Co.. San Francisco.
ALTERATION sale— Best $2 30 hats. $1 30.
Popular Price Hatter. 330 Kearny st.. near
Pine; open to ft p. m. ; Sundays to noon.
TRY our men's khoes at $1 and $1 50 palrf
i foot-fenn shces at $2 30; we pay express
I charges. II 3d St.. Exam, bid.: catalog. fn*o.
I SPECIAL ad.— Our beautiful $5 cabinet rh nt09 »
folder style. $2. The Fad. 1200 Market st.
SAILING ark for fishing and hunth.g; cheap.
328 Bush st.. room 4. third floor.
FOR sale — «5-gal. kettle; 12- foot water trough;
10-gal. churn. 816 Treat ave. |
DESKS and safes; see the complete line at 1*19
Market, ab. Van Neaa. RICHARDSON BROS.
Printing office. 3 C.&P. presses, motor, cutter,
type, fixtures; doing good business. 2Sao. call.
SAFES— New and second hand. THE HER-
MA^N SAFE CO.. 307 Battery st.
A VERY fine diamond heart for $210 at W. J.
HESTHAL'S. 10 Sixth St.
3. 6 AND 10 np. gasoline engines: 2d-hand: all
sizes; new. E. B. BECK St CO.. 122 Market.
NEW and second hand machinery of all kinds.
KROGH MN'FG. CO.. B19 Market n.
MOVING pictures, mae'e lanterns, sale, rental;
bargain*. Bullard & Breck. 131 Post st.
j MILES of pipe and fittings; all sizes. EU-
'-, GENE RILEY * SON'S. 109 \allejo at.
SAFES — New and second hand. E. B. BECK
A CO.. 122 Market st. .
Vll barga!ns~camp stools and chairs; ham mocks,
metal bgdn.'mattress^s. JF.Hotter.712 Mission.
Edison phonographs, records, supplies. — ovin*
picture machines, films. Baclgalupl. 933 Mkt.
GASOLINE engines, automobiles and launches;
all sizes. J. E. DOAK. 46 Fremont st.
ASK for prices on second-hand typewrlers: all
makes. ALEXANDER tt CO.. 110 Montrr-
~ MISCELLANEOUS WANTS.
BOOKS and libraries bought. H. C. HOLMES.
! 1149 Market St.: phone Jessie 3741. or postal.
I PAY highest prices for all kinds of east-oft
j clothing; tend postal. MORRIS. 870 Folsom.
TILTON wants good second-hand clothtna; and
j theatrical gooda. 134 9th at.; tel. Jeaale 2331.
A BIG price paid for sealskins; send, postal.
23 Stockton St.; phone Bush 434.
JAPANESE Henry Housecleanlnj C_ TtL,
James 1621. 2C0& Branaan st.
ATcAJIERONTcoi t PhonTlSSa-
3 Eddy St.. cor. Market and Powell.
Headquarters for rooming houses, hotels and all
kinds of business chances.
23 r.. near Market; lease; well fur.; $600
d0W n $2230
IK) r • rent STO0: Market: clears $300 mo. 3000
7 r.'. Van Nes«; rent $22 60; nice little
home .........••.•«....•«»••.•«.••¦"•• •— &
"O r • new, mod., elegantly furnished.. 2500
11 r. • rent $00; new. fine fur.; clears $47 830
0 r ; Ellis; rent $35; fine home; snap.. 550
68 r.; cheap rent; clears $300 to $100;
money-maker S500
30 r.; rent $»5; good fur.; clears $100.. 2000
12 r.; rent $40; close in: well fur.; sacri-
fice 600
8 r. ; up. fiat; everything mod.: departure 750
3 r. : rent $20; cor. flat; Leaven worth ;-
snap 223 |
43 r. ; cor.; rent $1SO; apartments well
furnished • 4000 |
10 r. ; new house; furniture; clears JSO. 2500
8 r.; rents $50; modern: finely furn 500
22 r. ; rent $S0; lease; newly renovated;
clears *100 1850
9 r. ; Geary; elegantly fur.; beautiful
home; departure 550
11 r. ; Eddy; rent $50; well fur.; clears $33 750
34 r. ; fine; downtown; transient; makes
big money 3200
8 r. ; rent $42; modern flat; elegant fur.;. ,
sickness 400
14 r. ; rent J75; oak fur.; good carpets 900
12 r. : clcse in; well fur.: bargain 1100
18 r.; fine corner; new and elegantly fur. 2230
BOOBHITg HOUSES TO I.EA8E.
A— NEV,' downtown rooming-house, theater
district. 112 rooms, 49 baths, modern, best
h'Mise In city: also new house 3 blocks of
Market street. 156 rooms, bargain to right ;
party; hotels and apartment-houses to lease, ,
CO rooms up; one of these will suit you. i
SPECK & CO.. C07 Market street. |
SPIRITUALISM. j
_^ , |
PROF. Fred P. Evans, noted psychic for slate- i
writing and clairvoyanea: stamp for circular. |
1112 EdJy St.. nr. Octavla: phone Scott SS7 I
Seer Egyptian, Hindoo occult: reads daily; cir- j
cles Wed., Fri., Sun., 8 p. m. 540 Ellis st.
MRS A. R. SMITH of Portland. 700 Polk st..
room 2C. The Gladstone, corner Eddy st.
EDWARD EARLE, 1052 Ellis, readings dally.
l):30 to 4: seances Sunday and Thursday.
~ CLAIRVOYANTS.
PROFESSOP~PAUL DESTINE.
The First Registered Trance Clairvoyant and
Palmist Ever In San Francisco.
1 do htreby solemnly agree and guarantee to
make no charge If I fail to tell your name, occu-
pation and what ycu called for; I promise to tell
you "whether husband, wife or sweetheart is true
or false; tell you who and when you will marry;
In fact. I will tell you «very hope, fear or ambi-
tion better than you can tell yourself: I will give
you luck that wins success in love.marrlage.dl-
vorce, business, speculation, mining, health and
lost vitality, etc.: hours 10 a. m. to tt p. in.
32I>— O'KarrcIl St.— 326. Readings $1.
MME. M. BERNARD. THE FAMOUS
Clairvoyant and business medium, ! perma-
nently located at 17 Third St.. next Examiner
bldg. ; she reads your life correctly, gives an
accurate description of the past, reveals, the
present happenings and portrays events to
occur in the future; if you are In trouble,
discontented or not satisfied in life, or have
domestic, love or business troubles, consult
this great medium and you will be told how
to overcome them: valuable advice in all af-
fairs of life; 25c up;, satisfaction guaran-
teed; readings by mall. Tel. Black 4569.
I A— PP.ESIDENT DIAZ
OF MEXICO says:
"You havfi demonstrated to what perfection
your studies in tljls science have been car-
ried."
L — I — V — O — R — N — O.
THE WORLD- RENOWNED PALMIST
AND CRYSTAL GAZER,
34 KEARNY STREET,
Over Hammersmith & Field's. Tel. Black 2435.
[CTSeo portrait of Mm?. Llvorno and ortg-
Inal testimonials at entrance.
ISMAR, the Egyptian gypsy, clairvoyant and
palmist, permanently located at 1104 Market
Bt., cor. Turk; private readings daily, 10 a.
m. to 5 p. m.: reading* by mail as satisfac-
tory as in person; 3 questions answered, $1:
full life, $5: send lock of hair, date and year
of birth: don't send currency. Send postofflce.
Wells-Fargo money order or registered letter.
MRP. A. H. Kroncnberg. palmist, clairvoyant,
card reader, will give a good reading. 10c. for
a short time only; when ethers fail try me to
convince yourself. 721 Franklin, nr. G. G. ave. j
COME AND HAVE YOUR LIFE READ
BY MRS. DR. E. SANDERS,
And Ixarn Mental Telegraphy.
41S Post ?t.; hours 10 to 8.
MME. VEINA. wonderful trance medium and
card rearler; just returned -from long ab-
! senee. 406 Geary, near Mason, room 1.
A— lime Ravenna rfads life, business advice;
names given; 25c up. C 4th St.. near Market.
MISS ZEMDAR. young gifted clalr. and palm.;
names; L.r.Cc;G. $1. 714 Franklin, nr.G.G. ave.
MME. JACQl'ES, clairvoyant and palmist;
readings daily. 939 Eddy, right-hand bell.
MISS WARD elves names, dates and facts;
hours. 11 a. m. to 9 p. m. 413 Mason; no sign
MRS. BROWN, clairvoyant card reader: ladles
23c. gents jOc; readings daily. 132 Sixth st.
MME. WALTERS, great card reader; la. 25c, I
g?nts SOc. 951 Mission St., nr. Cth; open Sun. J
OLDEST lady palmi6t and card reader In city.
20»-i Kearr.y, room 20; ladles 25c, gents 50c.
MME. LAMAR, wonderful palmist; card read-
¦ er; 25c, 60c. 620 Jones St.; hours 1-9 p. m.
MRS. SHAFER, clairvoyant, card reader; sit-
tings dally. 44Xi? Jessie St., bet. Sth and 6th.
CARrKT BEATING AXD CLEANIXG.
AIR compressed, dry. Ice cold. Is now univer-
sally used in sanitary cleaning carpets, on
floor, without removal or Injury; prices mod-
erate. Apply S. F. COMPRESSED AIR
CLEANING CO.. Call bid.; phone Main 3237.
WHEN you become disgusted with your work
send for SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
ing Works. 355-357 Tehima st. ; t#>l. South 40.
WESTERN Carpet Cleaning Worko. 1809 Har-
rison St.: Al cleaning; 3c; tel. Mission 225.
CALIFORNIA Carpet-beating Co.. J. McQueen,
proprietor. 329 Guerr^o St.. tel. Mission 49.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutler St.;
tel. Main 391. GEO. WALCOM & CO.. P*opa.
RUDOLPH & CO.. carpet-beating works; prices
reasonable. 1703 Harrison st.; tel. Mission 263.
CONK LIN'S Superior Carpet-beating Works.
333 Golden Gate ave.: telephone East 126.
CREDIT CLOTKIEH.3.
C. "i\~ADAMS~c6! ™™
SPECIAL CREDIT STORE.
We clothe the whole famil/ from hats to
shoes; everything up to date at cash prices.
Credit for all. 318 Mascn' st.
BUY your suits and overcoats at LICHTEN-
STEIN BROS.. 25 Stockton st.. on small
weekly payments; goods delivered on first
payment.
' CUBES R~PTTJB~.
WHO DOES IT? HUNTER! 1206 Market st.
Eend for circular. Why will you nuffer?
DENTISTS.
DR. GRUSS. 604-5-6 Callashan bldg.. Market
ar.d McAllister bus., uses the Basford Obtun-
der. the only device ever Invented for grind-
ing, drilling and excavating teeth absolutely
without rain. For demonstration and proof
call at office.
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market. nr.Eleventh
— No charge for extracting when plates are
¦ made: old plates made over like new; teeth
from $8 per set; extracting SOc; gas given.
A NEW plate — The Whalebone — cannot break:
warranted 20 yrs; crown, $3 50; fillings. SOc;
plates. $5; full set; all work palnlets and war-
ranted. Chicago Dental Parlors. 24 Sixth st.
PAP.IS Dental Parlors, 235 K«»arny. cor. Bush —
Set teeth $1 CO up: crowns ?2 up; fillings, 23c
GOLD fillings. 75c; silver, S5c; crowns. $2; no
pain; open Sunday. Dr.O.B.Hfwltt.204 Sutter.
DRESSMAKERS AXD SlSA!»STKUSSl£s
ACCORDION, sunburst & knife plaiting. Stew-
art's button & buttonhole factory. 110 Taylor.
McDOWELL Dressmaking & Millinery School —
Patterns cut to measure ;eve.class. 1019 Mrkt.
KDCCAtToN AL.
HEALD'S BUSINESS^^ COLLEGE. 24 POST. S.
!•-. Bookkeeping, shorthand, touch typing,
languages, telegraphy, English branches; day
and nUht eecsions; Illustrated catalogue free.
AYRES. the leading business college,' 723 Mar-
ket Bt. ; special summer course in all depart-
ments; handsome catalogue free; life scholar-
ship. $30: day and evening sessions.
CALIFORNIA Business College. 303 Larkln »t.
"A thorough school"; positions secured for
graduates; modern methods; Individual In-
struction. Write tor Illustrated catalogue.
_ — _________—___—- — — — — _____ _____
HINMAN'S Academy; a thorough school of
dancing; established 20 years. 1412 Polk St..
between Pine and California: both adult and
children's classes ore now open for the season.
THE Lyceum, an accredited preparatory school
for the university, lay and medical colleges;
ref.. President Jordan or any Stanford profes-
sor; day and evening sessions. Phelan bldg.
THE PAUL OERSON School of Acting, the
foremost institution of the kind In the entire
West: 12 teachers: send for catalogue. Na-
tive Sons' bide. 414 Mason st.
EUGENE DE FOREST SCHOOL OF ACTING^
Saratoga Hall. 840 Geary st.; call 2 to 5.
HELP WANTED — FEMALE — Con. |
A NURSE. $23; second girl. $23; cook. $33;
' woman for cleaning. Institution. $23; chant-
¦ ' bermnld, hotel, $20; housegirl. $30; women
, for light housework, country. $20. MRS.
NORTON. 313 Sutter st.
A— THREE young ladles, soda fountain, first-
. class candy store; no experience necessary;
$7 week. MRS. M. E. DAY. 331 O'Farrell at.
WANTED — Competent girl to do German
. cooking; small family; references required.
Inquire, from 0 to 1. at 2110 California st.
WANTED— Experienced salesladies. MARKS
BROS., 1220 Market st.
A GIRL to assist with general housework an .
cooking. 1620 Geary st.
PANTS finishers. 744 Market St.. room 27. |
EXPERIENCED saleMady^ for candy store. '
14C9 Polk at., after 10 a. ra, |
A GOOD cook. German pre-ferred. 1720 Sac- !
ramento st. - -
GOOD restaurant waitress: wages $3 week, one '
day off. 7 Taylor at.
A NEAT upstairs girl for second work ar.d j
sewing. 1180 O'Farrell st. !
ACTIVE young lady to assist In candy store.
Call 845 Valencia 6treet. corner Sixteenth.
TALENTED amateur performers. Apply at
Chutea 6 p. m. Wednesday: ealary no object.
OPERATORS wanted on all parts of shirts;
high-speed machines; best pricce for work of
any factory. ULMAN, SEELIGSOHN &
BROWN. 10 Battery st.
CASHIER for restaurant; experience and ref-
erences asked: no fee. Apply S to 11 a. m..
Restaurant Keepers' Association, 6 Eddy
Bt., room 46.
WANTED — Two earnest well-bred women,
capable of earning good Income, for position
of treat. Box 2097. Call.
EXPERIENCED operators on ladies' waists;
steady work: good pay. 23 First St.. S.
KOENIGSTEIN.
WANTED — Girl to assist In light housework.
294 Valencia st.
LADY compositor; steady Job; state experience
and wages wanted. Box 2994. Call office.
WANTED — Girls for Belve-Jere Dance Hall :n
Vallejo: bO3rd and room free. 114 Seventh.
FIRST-CLASS stenographers furnished. MIsj
M. G. Barrett. Instructor. 302 Montgomery.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscription* received at
Call Branch office, cor. Duncan & Church sts.
CLASSIFIED advertisements "and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 22C0 Fillmore st.
! A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at lOWti
Valencia st.
! HELP WANTED MALE.
A— MURRAY & READY. 631-636 Clay at.
Phone Main 5348.
Leading Employment and Labor Agents.
1902 we gave 1903 we'll glvs
43,000 men work. 60,000 men work.
ARIZONA.
ARIZONA.
OREGON. NEVADA.
Southern Pacific and Santa Fe systems; fre«
pass
ON EVERY TRAIN.
Section hands, muckers, drillers, extra gangs,
teamsters, hammersmen.
Stables, Farms, Orchards, Dairies.
Farm and orchard hands. $30, $35, $40 fd. ;
milkers. $30 to $50 and found.
Stablemen, city, country Jobs, $30 to $C0.
3(35 woodchoppers.
287 tlemakers.
COOKS. WAITERS. PORTERS.
Cooks, hotels, restaurants, camps, mines and
ranches, city and country. $30 to $70 and
found; waiters, city and country. $25 to $45
and found; butchers, different jobs, $40
to $90.
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay at.
CABINETMAKER. $3 50 DAY.
Striper and letterer. all-round painter. $3 day.
'2 coatmakers, $5 per coat.
Married farmer, $45 and house; 2 boys, learn
painting, $3.
Tinsmith. $3 to $3 60 day.
1 OLD MEXICO— FREE FARE.
j Carriage trimmer, bo?» here.
I Gang edgerman. lumber co., north. 563 fd.
Coal miners Oregon, free fare.
PLUMBERS.
3 plumbers, country, 3 months' steady Job, $4.
Cheesemaker, boss here, ?43 found.
Head logger for woods, south.
"i'i woodsmen, lumber co., $33 to $85 found.
Buggy washer and harness cleaner, fare
$3. ?55.
1 foreman, orchard and vineyard, to start, $30
and found.
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st.
VALET.
Cltv, first-class references wanted. $40 found.
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st.
TEAMSTER. 6 horses, lumber company, south,
S.1."« and found.
Ti teamsters. 4 horses, $75, fare $2 SO.
6 laborers, $C7 30.
Boy, machine shop, $4 to $5.
Boy, learn painting. $4 to $5.
LOOK.
Porter, run to train, country hotel, $30 fd.
2 waiters, same hotel, $30 and found.
Cook, hotel. 50 cents fare. $50 and found.
Cook, vlnevard. few men. $30 and found.
MURRAY & READY. 6."M-636 Clayjt.
~~ TO THE~WOODS.
6 tree fellers.
4 side-hill cross-cutters.
fi laborers for woods, experienced.
S5 laborers, no experience wanted. $35 to
SS3 and found.
/ MURRAY & READY. 634-630 Clay St.
FOUR DIFFERENT
GOOD MINES.
Machine drillers. $90.
Chuck tender*. $C7 50.
Single-hand miners. $73.
Electric tram trolleymen $75.
Amalgamators. $90.
Vantierman. $75.
Rock-breaker men, $75.
Blacksmith.'. $00.
Blacksmiths' helpers. $C7 50.
Eni-lneer hoisting runner. $6* SO.
R0 muckers, $07 50.
Machinists, $100.
C ° Ub MURR.t Y y-REAPT. 634-636 Clay st.
MR FORBES, employment clerk, formerly of
°^ en MURRAY Ca i'-R^DY. 634-636 Clay st.
boss this a. m .: fruit fanner and wife. $45
and found; farmer and wife, no objection t<>
child. $35 and found; choreboy for small
farm : $3 and found; butler. $35 and found,
and others J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 628
Sacramento st. "
AN English butler with 3 years' references
wants a situation. Telephone Main Mi 2: j
communicate with E. F., care MISS
PLUNKETTS Registry. 425 gutter, near
Powell st. m
W \NTED For U. S. army, able-bodied, un-
married men. between ages of 21 and 33. citi-
zens of United States, of good character and
temperate habits, who can speak, read and
write English. For information apply to Re-
cruiting Officer. Rlalto building. New Mont-
gomery ft.. San Francisco, or Masonic bulld-
ing. Sacramento. Cal. -
GOVERNMENT positions— Call at room 14.
fifth floor, 305 Larkln st.. for free Informa-
tion as to positions, salaries, age limits, etc;
day or evenings. .
TRY our men's shoes, onion made, at $1 and
$1 60 per pair, foot-form shoes at $2 B0. or
orthopedic shoes. $3 30; best shoes on earth. 11
Third St.. Exam, blflg.. 3 door* from Market.
WANTED — Youth for flower store. Apply 317
Sutter st.
EXPERIENCED bootblack wanted. Call at
Bohemian Club, Post st. and Grant ave.
WAITER wanted. 434 Fifth st.
WANTED — Third hand cook. Apply between
2 and 4 p. m.. Ill Larkln st.
FIRST-CLASS porter. Apply at 715 Howard
st. at 0 o'clock Monday morning.
WANTED — An exprlenced city drum— er.
Brownstone Wine Company. 320 Market st.
DISHWASHER wanted. 467 Valencia st.
3-CHAIR barber shop for sale. 3250 Mission
St.; owner must leave on account of slcknesa.
BARBERS — I would like to buy a 2-chalr
barber shop. Box 345S. Call office.
GOOD salary and expenses paid to a man who
Is ambitious anfl willing to work; responsi-
ble position: good references and security re-
quired; splendid chance for right man. Ad-
dress box 271. Sacramento. Cal.
IF you are not satisfied with your salary, we
have an opening whereby you can earn legiti-
mately $40 weekly; gentlemanly occupation;
good address, business knowledge necessary.
Royal Mercantile Co., suite 19. Columbian bid.
: A PLEASANT faced, fine appearing, good sur-
geon; positively no other; must be between
40 and 53 and good case taker: no traveling- ;
ealary about $150. Box 4717, Call office.
BARBER trade, tausht In one month, new
method. Western College of Barbers, room
111. No. 6 Eddy st.. fifth floor.
WANTED — Young man who Is an experienced
dry goods wrapper. Apply between & and 11
a. m. at HALE BROS.'
' TRY our men's shoes, union made, at $1 aad
|1 CO pair; foot-form shoes at $2 SO; we pay
express or mail charges. II 3d st.. Exam, bid.
CAMP cook.. $65 and found; general blacksmith.
city. Cal. Emp. Agency, 59 Third at.
WANTED — Reliable young man for delivery
wagon. SCHRADER BROS.. 1342 Market.
BOY to work on picture frames: $3 week to
start. Apply Sun. or Mon., StreIL'(K!7 Howard
ACTIVE boy for wholesale house; state ago
and experience. Box 4501. Call.
Oom Paul Is stern and grim of face.
And puts the board in the right place.
He holds the lad between his knees
And gives at once the three degrees.
If in your business you need boys . .
Who'll do their work and make no noise.
Who'll orders take, obey them v/ell,
And your trade secrets never tell.
Such helpful boys are always had
By those who try a Call Want Ad.- Cloudy weather prevails over Oregon. Wash
ington and the Rocky Mountain region. Else
where' on the Padflo Slope fair weather pre
vails. Rain has fallen over Washington.
The pressure has fallen over the greater
portion of California and Arizona and risen In
other districts. An area of high pressure over
lies the plateau, region. .
The temperature has risen' In the . Sacra
mento Valley and , northward over. the greater
portion of i Oregon : and remained nearly Bta
tlonary In other . districts. ' •
Forecast mads at : San Francisco for thirty
hours,' endlnsr midnight, November 80:
Northern ¦ California — Fair ' Monday; ; light
northerly wln-1. * . /"¦¦': - . • N
Southern " California— Fair Monday; . * light
northerly >' wind. '- ¦':."..• " . -".
; Nevada— Fair Monday.'
- San -Francisco and vicinity — Fair Monday;
light northwest wind. ¦ . - u 1 ¦-, ¦-.'.'; > ¦ ,
G. H. \MLLS0N, Local Forecaster.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST. .
. 8TATI0NS. I || |||§. |R |
Baker ...... .'.80.84 80 36 SW Clear tT
Carson ..30.20 68 30 NW Clear .00
Eureka 30.22 56 54 NE Cloudy .14
Farallon .....30.12. 57 56 NW Ftoggy - .00
Fresno 30.14 54 44 NW Foggry^ .00
Flagstaff ....30.00 60 18 NE Cloudy .00
Pocatello ....30.34 40 26 E Cloudy .01
Independence ..10.10 B8 34 NW Clear .00
Los Angeles.. 29. 82 80 62 W Clear .00
Mt Tamalpals.30.15 58 49 N Clear .00
North Head.. .... .. 48 .00
Phoenix ......29.88 76 42 W~ Clear .00
Point Reyes.. .30.08 60 53 - NW Foggy .00
Portland '..... 30.24 66 44 BE Cloudy .48
Red Bluff.... *80. 12 72 42 NW Clear .26
Roaeburgr ....30.26 60 60 NW Clear .00
Sacramento ..30.08 64 ' 48 Nv Clear -.00
Salt Lake..... 30.34 34 28 Calm Cloudy .00
San Franclsco.30.14 .64 54 W Clear .00
8. .1* Obispo.. 30.04 74 44 N Clear .00
San Diego 29.00 72 M S ¦ Clear .00
Seattle ..... ..30.18 54 42 SB Rain .08
Spokane ......30.26 46 2« S Rain T.
Tatooeh 30.04 52 40 S Rain 1.37
Walla Walla.30.24 52 34 E Cloudy .00
Wlnnemucca . .30.28 . 54 34 NB Clear • .00
Tuma .......29.86 82 52 N -Clear": .00
* . Last This Last
Stations — • '24 Hours. Season. Eeajoi.
Eureka 0.14 14.23 13.61
Red Bluff 0.00 8.72 10.08
Sacramento 0.00 3.S2 3.69
San Francisco... 0.00 4.41 8.68
Fresno 0.00 0.64 2.67
Independence ... 0.00 0.42 0.79
S. L. Obispo.... 0.00 0.44 8.52
Los Angeles., j.. 0.00 0.43 . 2.47
San Diego 0.00 0.00 2.51
Weather Report.
<I20tlr Meridian — Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO, Nov. 29-^-5 p. m.
The following- are the seasonal rainfalls to
date as compared with those of the same date
last season, and the rainfall In the last twen
ty-four hours :
BAN JOSE, Nov. 29. — Alex McKay of
Los Gatos died suddenly this morning
,of apoplexy. He had just arisen and was
dressing when stricken. McKay had been
a resident of Los Gatos for/ fifteen years
and, was well-known. He was 61 years
of age and leaves a wife and two chil
dren. "H '£-\
Los Gatos Han Dies Suddenly.
SANTA BARBARA, Nov. 29.— The ar
mored cruiser Tacoma arrived at Santa
Barbara from San Francisco shortly be
fore noon to-day and dropped anchor In
the channel. Preparations are making
for the vessel's trial trip, which will
take place to-morrow.
At 4:30 this afternoon the torpedo
boat destroyer Perry, the Petrel and the
auxiliary boats of the fleet sailed from
theharbor to take up positions "as stake
boats on the trial course. All the neces
sary land monuments have been erected
and it Is expected that the Tacoma will
take her position at the starting point
at an early hour to-morrow morning.
Government Vessel Anchors in Santa
Barbara Channel With Stake
boats.
NEW CRUISES TACOMA
PREPARED FOR TRIAL
YOUNTVTLL.E. Nov. 29. — Under thm
management of the library and amuse
ment committee an entertainment wu
given at the Veterans' Home at "Fount*
ville last evening. Hugh M. Burke, a di
rector of the home and chairman of tha
amusement committee, r preslded. Ttoa
entertainment was opened with a sons
by William H. MacDonald. Miss Grace
Darnley was splendid In dancing.. Pro
fessor Alfred Frederick Worbs. leader of
the Sixth Cavalry Band, gave imitations
on the violin. Mrs. Blanche Bonvlere
and Edwin Mohr were well received In
a bright sketch. Julius Blattner. first
cornet In the Veterans' Home orchestra,
added to the enjoyment.
The one-act farce, "Id on Parla Fran
cais," was full of fun and wit and was
interrupted frequently with rounds of
applause. The participants were Mrs.
Minnie Robinson, the Misses Florence
Harvey. Etta McCue and Zetta Henry
and Richard Elrod, Edwin Mohr and
Charles Williamson.
Interesting. Programme Rendered At
the Horn© of the Old Soldiers
..-*:" to Yountville.
ENTKRTAimEBS GIVE ; 'v^-j^
. . VETERANS ENJOYMENT
(Class "I*")
City of Mexico, Nov. 26, 1903.
No. Prize.r No. PrUe. No. Prize.
,**> 20 62 20 72 40
J" 20 '180..... 40 258 20
£50 20 449 20 612 ICO
¦ Sf ' • <0 671 20 693 100
100 1019..... 100 1121 2CO
JJJJ 20 1183 20 1291....'. -20
"41 200 137S 40 1328 2O
J' 6 i 20 1S39 40 185S 600
¦J?.! 5 . 20 1919 20 1929 40
}£l? 20 2003 20 2029 \ 40
22«j8 20 23«J6 200 2376..... 100
;*55 20 2508 100 2538 40
2^1 20 2683.-..;. 40 2716..... 100
20I3061..... 40i 3063 20
31J8 100(3123..... 20 3328 4(1
£~V 20 20 3390 20
3o91..... 20 3610 40 3*44...'.. 2O
20 4013 20 4043..... 40
*°*7 100 4003...:. COO 4275..... 40
fri? 20 46 83 100 4730..... 20
4,81.?... 100 4912 20 4974 20
¦*f»l 20 6011 100 6032 200
i-,1* 20 5237 40 5620 100
KSv-V'I' 20 570 ° 40 5729 100
coOS 20 5819..... 20 6063 20
6138 ICO 6144 40 61C4 2O
6637 20 6679 20 C717 40
fJJJ 20 6855 20 6884 20
'0C1 40 7171 20 7182 100
7194 40 7211 40 7215 20
J2fll 40 7594 40 7623 40
7657 . 100 7763 20 77B8 10O
7769 20 7771 ' 20 77»2 40
"78 400 8073 1000 8161 10O
8237 40 8255 40 8317 20
8373 40 8463 20 8947 200
8867 20 8927 100 0116 20
92S1 20 9209 . 20 9321 20
9344 40 9370 20 9720 4O
9843..... 20 9904 20 9959 4O
10036..... 20 10318 100 10570 40
10M7..... 40 10588 20 1CS64 ¦ 20
10866 60010915 20)11044 40
11097 20 11204 20 112C6 iO
U381 6C0 11399 100 11402 100
11460 20 11578..... 20J11716..... 40
11844 20 11863. 20 11875 40
11963..... 100 12012 20 12021 20
12267 20 12434 40 12498 20
12547 20 12351 100 12e62 20
12676 2012833 2012006 40
13065..... 4013005 / 20 13196 20
13240 2013323 40 13397 20
L3610 2013911 40 14187..... ICO
14237 20 14377 40 14503..... 40
14506 20 147S2 20 14831 40
15001 2015006....; 40 15000 20
I.M75 20 15209 20 15377 20
15456 20 15547 20|15C49 20
15683 200 15686 20)16071 2O
16268 20 16340 100fie513 20
16593 20 16678 40 16725 ICO
17356 40 17371 . 20J17653 20
17659..... 40 17681....."^ 40117731...... 40
17807 40 17935 40|18378 40
18517 40 18627..... 40118748..... 40
18820 40 10040 40(19239 20
19317 20 19427 200 19609 20O
10738 100 19741. 20 19791..... 20
19055 4020135 40 20352 40
.•0423 40 20441 20I2O491 10
'0501 2020624 100120664 40
.'0697..,.. 20 20705 100 20742 20
J0047 40 20080 100 21076 10O
•1149 4021185 4021258 20
J1357 20 21373..... 40
21403..... 40 21452 20 21457 40
21833 2021982. .... 40 22149 20
22175 40122250 . 40 22286 40
.•2313 4O!22411..... 20]22625 20
22C38 40 22643 40J22604 40
>2741 20 22993 20123328 10O
23339 20 23307 40123544. .... 40
£3554 2023399 40!23643*/r!\ 20
23650 20 23661 20124028 20
J4143 40 24285i 40 24347 40
24383 40 24466 40 24-194 20O
J4516 200)24612 200 24663 2O
24730 20124746 40 24754 20
24761 20 24H24 20000 24042 20
24062 100 21907 1W23026 20
?Slfi9..V. 500 25182 40'25300. . . . . 20
25316..... 40 25419 20125429 2O
25611 40 25789 40J25900 40
2CO57...... 40 2C075 40126119 20
2K16O . 20 26217 20'2C246 20
20264 20 26381 20J26619 20
26702 40 2673ft 20'26794 40
2K8OO 20 26017 40,26934 40
27116 20 27125 20 27219 4O
27310 200|27320 20J27340 20
27483 40 27511 40J27578 20
27612 1C0 27623 40127670 40
277C6 1000CS025 20|28361 20
18508 ; 20128641 20;2S650 40
28756 40|2S802 20:29007 100
2!)180 20129185 200 '29300 20
293S9 '¦ 2029529 40129624 2O
2t>6ti2 200 20B00 40 29720 100
297M) 20129823 20)30000 100
30206 20!30264 . 40;303.T2 20
30 W0 20|30477 20130517 100
30529 20J30538 20130638 40
30656 20:30687 20130798 20
30836 20 30913 40131109 100
311S8 20131280 20.31370 20rt
313J17 20)31633 100J31645 20
31772 40131805 4013181S 20
31819 20131833 2031843 40
32CO1 20132234 20132302 20
32322 100|32347 20132513 40
new 20 32927 20 32962 20
12989 2033042 100 33380 20
J3455 20 33481 40'33546 20
33827 40|3."?942 I0 f 341«4 20
34233..... 20 34448 20134528 20
34655 . 20 34786 20134831 40
34S50 20134933 20(35242 20
35243 20 35280 20J35302 lf> i>
35.104 100 35319 40 35520 2^0
35SS6 40)36077 100 36137 20
3C355 20I36614 20;36732 20
36760 20137090 20J37098 100
37120 20O;37139 40i37205 40
37342 100 37368 40|37437 20
37187 20137658 20137721 40
27761 20 37900 * 20|37924 100
3SC64 200138081 20 38140 20
38106 40138223 40 38205 20
S{(309 4013S340 100J38342. . . . . 40
3S.190 2038601 2038607 100
387B2 2038889 600 38894 40
3SSO5 40 38924 20 38970 * 40
391G3 100 39257 100 39294...;. 100
39344 *.- 20 39520 40 39363 '20
39575 20 39820 20139S37 40
30003 ' 20(39954 100I.19993 20
J0114 20140128 20I4O168 20
40407 2040489 20(40538 20
40C10 20 40C74 20^0766..... 20
tOS70 4040882 ; 20 40962 20
40973 20 410UI 20 41112 100
41285 2041321 20 41338 20
41566..... 20 41010 -20 41634 20
418CO 20 41833 200U2168 20
42170 40 42217 40 42283 2O
42318 2042735 20 42759 40
42791 4042863 40 42924 20
43013 20 43058. 40 43076 20
43137 40 43171 40
43319 -I 4043522 40 43601 100
43792 .... 20 43831 60000 43862 2O
44014 2044103 40 44143 20
44185 200 44503 20J44G7U 2O
44725 40*4727 20145123 4O
45160 40 43191 20 45400 2O
45600 4045613.. .i. 20|456S0..... 10O
45803 .••...• 10000 45844 20|45«>S 20
4C0«J9 600 16123 20|46204 100
40300 2046340 2046455..... 40
46538..... 20 46618 20 46C20 100
4C691 2046744 20 46800 40
4C820 2046880 20 46922 20
46930 4046948 20 47068 4O
47120 . 2047155 40(47552 4©
47631..... 20 47777..... 40147877 20
4S032 200 48038 200|4S106 100
48116 BOO 48222 20148285 20
48490 . 20 48639 20 48888 100
4S910 200 49013 20 49032 40
49171 20 49380 20|49459 2U
4»B«3 40 40713 20(49830 20
49035 40 49989 20 49094 20
60026 20 50036..... 20 50054 1UO
50112 20150196 40J50413 20
&O447..... 10050517 20)60046 .40
50S60 2051012 20;51145 20
51277 4051305 40131327 20
514e9 40 51480 40 31717 40
51784 20151957 . 40 52082 2O
52233 2032284 20|52312 10O
S2486 20052516 20152586 40
52676 40 52728 100(32914 40
53170 20153336 40 63359 20
53513 100iB3708 20 63740 40
M7G9 20 53793 20(53842 40
53937 2053971 20|54023 20
54030..... 20 54000 20 54164 20
54338 20 54308 20 54590 4O
54623 100 54798 2054904..... 2O
54923 4035020 40 55051 40
r,51C0 . 20 55172 20 55367 10O
5541© 20 55504 200|55810 2O
56063 4056276 20156412 20
56433...:. 4056704....'. 20|56713 20
56758 100 56878 . 100156977 40
56978 ' 4057235 40J573S1 20
57431 4057562..... 40(57577 20
57B0S 40]57727 40157978 4O
58111 20 58135..... 100)58140 2011
58202 40163373 20I58378:.... ltW
58401..... 100158402...... 20J58531 4O
5S54O...:. 40J58M2 4015.9554 40
5S3S17.... 2058876 . 40J5S939 1000
59006 2059077 20|59168 20
J918J 40 59304 20,59315 40
50364 20594C3 40.59614 40
50647..... 20 59677 ' 20J59695 40
S0S99 4059941 100160006 2O
B0O03 40 60102..... . 40:60130..... ' 4O
30200..... 4060685 40' 61303 2O
B1S32 20 01970..... 100 62031 10O
32328 40 62460..... 20 62484 20
B2716 20 62883..... . 100 62919 100
82970..... 10062983 C00 62091 100
53005 2063013 20 63178 20
33301..... 20063307 20 63366..... 100
l!3442..... '50063487 40 63493 2O
(13519.-^.. 4063554 1000 63649 . 2O
53878..... 4063988..... 20 64222 2O
J4382..... 20 64187 20(64606..... 20
S4611 206478.6 - 2065133..... 20
352S2 40(13272 20i652S4 20
D5290 20654S2 40JC5380 40
".715..... 20 65863...... 40JC5883 100
3&9O8 20 G5912. . .„ . .20 05938..... 29
5HO4D 20661«i2..... 20 6«178. .... » 40
S6248 40 66414 40 66457 2O
56702..... 20|66759..... 20O|«677» vlOO
S6896 20 66SS6. . . . . 40 67051 .20
87168 20 674**..... • 20 67332..... 20
B7663..... 4067682 20167860 20
BS018 2o;esO'J3..... 100 6842S..... 20
NUMBERS
—OF THE—
BENEFICENCIA PUBLICA
U BASSETTI Manager.
JOSE M. DE LA VEGA.
Treasury Department.
JUAN" B. CA3TELLO. Interveror.
The subscribers having supervised the aboT«
drawing of the lottery o* the Beneficencta PuK.
llca hereby certify that the above Is an exact
copy of the number* which were this day
drawn from th» 80.000 placed in the wheel,
with the prizes corresponding tt> them.
Witness our hands at the nty of Mexlw
this 26th day of November. 1903.
Seven hundred and ninety-nine numbers end-
Ing with 31. being the last two figures of th«
number drawing the capital prize of $60,000
—$20 '-"*• ,
Seven hundred and ninety-nine numbers ena
ipK with 24. being th« last two figures of th«
number drawing th» capital prize of $20, COO
—$20. : -_:; •
APPROXIMATION PKTZEa
On» hundred nnmbers from 43781 to 43881.
Inclusive, being CO numbers on each side »f
the> number drawing capital prize of $60. POO
—$60.
On« hundred numbers from 24874 to 24974,
Inclusive) being BO numbers on each side of
the number drawing capital prize of $20. COO
— $40.
Ono hundred numbers from 45753 to 4385S.
Inclusive, belns 30 numbers on each side of
the number drawing capital prize of $10,000
—$20.
TERMINAL PRIZES.
No. Prlie.l No. Pri«.| Xo. Prize.
«85M 20| 68683...'.. 2O|«877S 2O
68788 40|«JW(}0 20 68*40 4O
69038 2O't»16S. .. „ 100 60344 20
ttKlS..... 20J ? -.[...
e»537..... 20(69380 40:f»6ft9 20
69735..... 20f«98<J7 40I7OOOO 2O
70098 100170268 20|70£39 4O
70339 40)70516 20170317 ¦ 1C«
70OT8. ....-• • 40)70744 2©i7tr?fl». . . . . 4O
"CS12 20(70917 20|70©00 20
"1133 40I711SG 40!71217 20
"1599 20171730 40,7 1S*H 20
71940 20(71994 " 20172010 4O
72046 20172072 20i7238.1 20
72511 40172380 40I72580 2f»
72610 10OI72812 201 72SKt. ...... 2O
1 "2990 100|730C» 20! 73155 :.... *»
' 73532 20|73otiO 4Oit:»70 20
< 73606 20 74183.. •. .. 40(74223 4O
74227 20174272 4W74403..... 20
74423 .100171324 '. 20474331 ....... 40
i T4338 2OI74556 ' 40i74793 10O
1 74.S78 20174088 40I75140 3»
75236 S0\7XM3 10IV75371 2O
754.T9 2Oi7546fl 4OI75475 ; *»
75313 20(75569 40'73381. 100
75639 . 100!7573S 2O|737«5 20
737JM 100I73)M9 40I73S60 40
75SS4...... 20176028 40J7CO32.;... 200
7«0fl0...i. 100176070 2O-760S8..... 4O
.76153 20)76182 2OI7C212 4O
. 7C2C0 4OI7C516...,. 40176773 2O
77161 20177262 . 20(77278 4O
77462 20177314 20U7S16 20
776PS 40I777S3 2OI777DO 40
77863 20177871 20178005 20
78297 4078306 2OI7844-S 20
78493 40178532 2»i78631 2O
78702 40178*11 20(78780 V*
78793..... 20(78823 200I7R827. ...* 4O
78S32.:... 40!7*»73 40i7fl0ft« 4f»
79127 20(79338...*. 20179480 2O
79700 20|7972» 4017978* 20
I7087S 20(78881 10OI79S82..,.. 2O
,79592 20179008 40J77929. . . . . 40
THE JBAK £FRANCI^O^C^LLi : f;MON^AY v hSO^ipiBHB;: 30; 1903. v
THE COAST RECORD.
11
OCEAN TRAVEL.
e Steamers l«ave Saa Fran-
cisco as follows:
For Ketchlkan. Wrange!.
Juneau, HaJnes. Skagwar.
etc., Alaska— 11 a. m.. Not.
27, Dec 2. Chaoga to com-
pany's steamers at Seattle.
For Victoria. Vancouver.
Port Townsend, Seattle, Ta-
coma. Everett. Whatcom — 11
a. ra., Nov. 27. Dec. 2. Change at Seattle to
this company's steamers for Alaska and G. N.
Ry. ; at Seattle or Tacoma to N. P. Ry.; at
Vancouver to C. P. Railway. - % ¦ ¦
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay)— Pomona. 1:30
p. m., Nov. 30, Dec. 6; Corona. 1:30 p. ra..
Nov. 27. Dec. 3 /
For Los -Angeles (via Port Los Angelea and
Redondo), San Diego and Santa. Barbara — San-
ta Rosa, Sundays. 0 a. ro.
State of California. Thursdays. 9 a. m.
For Los Angeles (via San Pedro and East
San Pedro). Santa Barbara. Santa Cruz, Mon-
terey, San Simeon,- Cayncos, Port Harford (Saa
Luis Obispo), Ventura and BuenestM.
Coos Bay, 9 a. m.. Nov. 23. Dec 3.
Bontta, 9 a. m.. Nov. 29. Dec. 7.
For Ensenada. Magdalena. Bay. San Jos« dei
Cabo, Mazatlan, Altata, La Pas. Santa Ro-
salia. Guaymas (Mei.), 10 a. m., 7ta of eads
month. •"
For further Information obtain folder. ¦•. ,
Right Is reserved to change steamers or. sail-
ing dates.
TICKET orriCTS — ( New Montgom-
ery street (Palace Hotel). 10 Market street and
Broadway wharves. • ¦ •
Freight office. 10 Market street. :.-¦---•
C. D. DUN ANN. General Passenger Art at.
10 Market street, San Franclso.
O. R. & N. CO.
"Columbia" sails Nor. 29. Dec 9. 19. 29.
"George W. Elder" sails Dee. 4. 14. 24. Only
steamship line to PORTLAND. OR., and short
rail line from Portland to ¦ all ' points East.
Through tickets to all points, all rail or steam-
ship and rail at LOWEST RATES. Steamer
tickets Include berth and meals. Steamer sails
foot of Spear st. at 11 a. m. S. P. BOOTH.
Gen. Agt. Pass. Dept., 1 Montgomery st. ; C.
CLIFFORD, Gen. Agt. Freight Dept.. 3
Montgomery St. ' ~ ¦ •
TOYO KISEN KAISHA.
(ORIENTAL. STEAMSHIP CO.)
Steamers will leave wharf; corner First ami
Brannan streets at 1 p. ra., for YOKOHAMA
and HONGKONG, calling at Kobe (Hiogo).
Nagasaki and . Shanghai, and connecting at
Hongkong; with steamers for India, ete. Xa
cargo received on board on day of sailing.
8. a HONGKONG MARU
Thursday. December 3. 1909
8. 8. NIPPON MARU (calling at Manila)
• - -We«ine»»day. December 30. 1903
8 S. AMERICA MARU
....Monday. January 39. 1904
V.a Honolulu. Round-trip tickets at reduced
rates. For freight and passage apply tt Com-
pany's offlc*. 421 Market street, corner First.
-:-..••¦• W. H. AVKRY. General Agent.
oceanies.s.co.s^
8. B. MARIPOSA, for Tahiti. Dec. 1. 11 a. m»
8. S. VENTURA, for Honolulu. Samoa, Auck-
" land and Sydney. Thursday, Dec 10. 2 p. m.
S. 8. ALAMEDA. for Honolulu, Dec 19,11 am.
iir?«En£u*5aj.w,i l^.r)etitra»,wiartofii
MtflSaLUS8arttSLte!L7.f«ft& I
C0X?A89IX 6X5I3ALS TSA58ATLA5TIQVB.
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE- PARIS. J^a»
Sailing every Thursday Instead of #^|
Saturday, at 10 a. m.. from Pier -12: **¦»
North River, foot of Morton street.
first-class to Havre. $70 and upward. Seo>
ond-class to Havre. 545 -and upward. - GEN-
ERAL AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES AND
CANADA. S2 Broadway (Hudson • I Banding).
N«« York. J. F. FUGAZI ft CO.. Pacific Coast
Agents, ft Montgomery avenue. San Franclaco.
Tic-frets sold by all Railroad Ticket Agents.
Mar* Island and ?allajo Btnnwi.
Steamer GEN. FRISBIE or MONTICELLO—
9:43 a. m.. 3:13 and 8:3O p. m.. except Sunday.
Sunday. 8:43 a. m.. 8:30 p.' m. Lear* Vallajo,
7 a. ra.. 12:30 and ft p. ro.. ex. Sunday. Sun-
day 7 a. ra.. 4:15 p. m. Fare. SO cents. TeL ?
Main 1B08. ¦' Fl«r t, Mlwton-»t.-dock. HATCH
ITS A THBTTXF/R!
"THE ROAD THAT
MIA CHOSE."
BY SARAH COMSTOCX.
NEXT SUNDAY CALL
¦sfifc Dr.R.L.Walsh
S$Wjf&\\. «m rtitjnsi dea'a-l jra«tit»
mr 847 Geary St
. ' tlrtst'y ippo»it» B»r*toff» Htll
Reduced Rates for Thirty Days
Painless Extraction ..... 25c
Fillings . 50c
Crowns ...... $2.00 to $5.00
Plate Work i . . $5.00 to $25.00
LOOK I OB THIS AD. EACH OTHXK DAT. ; -
PALMTSTRY. ~ .
MM?.. DEVAS. scientific palmist and astrolo-
gist; palm readings $1; 3 questions by ex-
press. % 3 ; opt n Tuesday eve. also. 139 Post st
MME NEERGARD'S class In palmistry begins
Dec.-l, 8 p. m. 242. Post St.; terms $10.
H. JEP.OME FOSELLI. scientific palmist, 513
Taylor s»...'near Geary. Phone Black 6C1. ¦"
. PAPERHAXGIXG, PAINTING, ETC. I
ROOMS parjersd. $3 50 up; tinting, painting.
Hartmann Paint Co.. S19 3d st. : tel. Main 413..
CALL at C27 Turk st. or phone Sutter 164. fo»
paper banging, painting and tinting. • ¦
PHYSICIANS AND SURGEONS.
DR C. C.O'DONNELL— Office and residence,
i 1021H Market St., bet. Oth and 7th; partlcu-
lar attention paid to diseases of women.
BLOOD.' skin and rectal diseases a specialty.
DR. BALL. I073i£ Market tt. ¦
REMOVED— DR.- WONG HIM. herb doctor,
treats all diseases of the human body; for
past four years at 115-117 Mason; now> lo-
cated at CC7 Geary St.. near Leyenworth.
DR. TONG PO CHY. successor to Dr. LI Po
Tal, herb doctor, cures all diseases of human
by use of herbs and teas. 727 Washington st.
DR. H. C. WONG, 719 Pest St.; all diseases
cured by Chinese herbe; consultation free.-
WONG WOO. the famous herb doctor — All dls-
eases cur*di by Chinese herbs. '746-S Clay st.
SEWING. MACHINES AND SUPPLIES.
N^Tw^IO^iE^swlnV^mnnnnTrth^
$10. $15. $20: slightly used: needles 20c dos.
NEW. HOME S. M. CO.. 10M Market st. ¦
SPECIALISTS.
CATARRH, DEAFNESS and NOISES In EARS
positively cured: new method; 1 week's treat.
ment free. Dr. Cotttngham. 204 Sutter st.
STUTTERING*' AND STAMMERING.
MELBOURNE School. Van Ness-Market— Cum
in every case; individual teaching; no. medi-
cine. Inquire Into wonderful cures ;home cure.
PROPOSALS.
NOTICE TO CONTRACTORS.
OFFICE OF THE BOARD OF STATE HAR-
bor Commissioners, Union Depot and Ferry
House, San Francisco, California. Novem- '
ber 16. 1903.
Sealed proposals or bids will be received at .
this tff.ee at or prior to 2:15 o'clock p. m.
on Wednesday, December 23. 1903, for the
construction of a section of seawall and
wharf along same to be located between
King and Channel streets en the water
front of the City and County of San Fran-
cisco, in accordance with the plans and I
specifications prepared therefor by the Chlet
Engineer of the Board and adopted by the
Board August 27, 1003. aad on tile In this
office, to tvhlch special reference Is hereby
made. The work to be done under these
specifications consists in furnishing all ma-
terials and labor for constructing and erect-
ing a stone seawall with end embankments
and a wharf. It is estimated that the sea-
wall and end embankments ' will contain
about 00,000 tons of stone; the wharf will
contain 36.060 square feet of wharf sur-
face. This section of the ¦ seawall will ex-
tend from the intersection of the northerly
line or Channel street (prolonged easterly)
with the water front line, six hundred (GOO)
feet northerly along said water front line.
The materials to be used for the construe-
tlon of the seawall and end embankments
will consist of stone not subject to decom-
position nor disintegration by the 'action of
sea water or air.
Two classes of stone will be recognized.
Tb« first class will Include stone of one or
more cubic feet In fair assortment cf sile«
between one and four cubic feet; "no objec-
tion will be made to stone larger than four
cubic feet: thi3 clasa of stjne must be free
at seams and marked lines of cleavage.
The second class will include stone of. less
than one cubic foot. In assorted sizes, but
no stone lees than five pounds will be ac-
cepted at the quarry. ¦ >,
The materials for the construction of tha
wharf will consist of the requisite quanti-
ties cf first class, close grained. Doualas
yellow fir piles and yellow fir lumber (mer-
chantable quality), wire rope, wrought Iron
( bolts, spikes, etc., aU of the best quality '
\ and subject to a rigid examination.
No bid will be received unless it Is made
on a blank form furnished from this office
and is accompanied by a «wrtlned check for
five per cent of the aggregate amount of
the bid. payable to the order of the Secre- '
tary cf the Board, as a guarantee on the '
part of the successful bidder that he will
within six (C) days, after the acceptance of
the bid enter into a written contract to do
tald work, according to the plans and spec-
ifications prerared therefor, and will also
execute and file with this Board a bond In
such sum as the Board may deem adequate '
with a surety company, to be approved by '
the Board of State Harbor Commissioners i
and condiUoned for the faithful performance ¦
cf such contract: nor will said bid be con- !
tldered by this Board unless delivered to the
secretary or to the assistant secretary at
•the office of the secretary, at or prior to
2:15 o'clock p. m. on Wednesday, Decem-
ber 23, 1903. at which time and place th«
bids will be onened.
The Board reserves the right to reject any or
all bids if deemed for the best interest of
'the State. I
Bidders are invited to be present at the open- '
Ins of the bids. *^
CHAS. II. SPEAR.
JOHN C. KIRKPATRICX.
J. D. MACKENZIE.
Board or State Harbor Commissioners.
LOTT D. NORTON. Chief Engineer.
JOHN M. FOY. Secretary,
PROPOSALS — Bid* wanted. Notice Is hereby
giver, that sealed proposals will be received
; by the board of directors or the Veterans'
Home of California, at its office, room 13, 320
Sansome St.. San Francisco, Cal., up to 11
o'clock a. m.. SATURDAY. DECEMBER 6.
1903. and opened immediately thereafter In tha
presence of bidders, for furnishing and rtellv.
erlng quartermaster and commissary «-upplie»,\
etc.. for the Veterans" Home, Napa County.
California (railroad station Yountville). for six
months, commencing Jan. 1, 1004, and endine
June 30, 1904. Schedules with information '
and instructions for submitting bids wlU be
furnished upon application by the under-
signed. Bidders will carefully follow the con- i
ditions of the schedules, and no bid will bo !
considered unless It Is in accordance with
such schedules. Bids on tea. coffee and sugar
must be made on samples submitted. No bids
will bo received from parties who are not I
regular dealers In and carrying stock of sup-
plies on which they bid. Each bidder must
accompany his bid with a certified check
upon some well-known and responsible bank-
ing-house for at least 10 per cent of tha
amount of his bid. payable to C. Mason
Klnne. treasurer, copdltionea that the bidder
will enter into a good and valid contract
upon notice of acceptance, as required by law.
The board reserves the right to reject any or
all bids, and to order Jtny quantity over or
under the amount specified.- Address JOHN
F. SHEEHAN. Secretary of the Board of Di-
rectors of the Veterans' Home of California,
room 13. 320 Sansomo street, San Franclaco,
Cal.
By order of the Board of Directors.
JOHN F. SHEEHAN. Secretary.
SAN FRANCISCO. Cal., November 20. 1903.
Sealed proposals, In triplicate, will be re-
ceived here until 11 o'clock a. m., December
26. 1903, and then op«eed for furnishing and
erecting a CO.OOO-gallon tank on 50-foot
trestle at Fort Mason, Cal. Government re- '
serves right .to reject or accept any or all
j bids in whole or in part. Information fur-
nished on application to WM. S. PATTEN,
Assistant Quartermaster General. Chief Q. M.
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS.
. Birth, marriage and death notices cent by
mall will not be Inserted. : They must be handed
¦In at either of the publication offices and be
Indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
Notices restricted elmply to the announcement
of the event are published once in this column
free of charge.
BORN.
BOLTE — In this city. November 27, 1903, to
the wife of C. N. Bolte, a daughter.
HADSELL — November 24, 1903, to the wife of
Charles F. Hadsell, a daughter. .
MARRIED.
HOEHN— SAXSENMEIER— In this city No-
vember 28, 1903, at St. Paul's Lutheran
Church, by the Rev. Paul Branke, .Jacob
Hoehn and Katie Bazsenmeler, both of San
Francisco.
MACDONALD— CTIRTIS— In this city, Novem-
ber 29. 1903, by the Rev. J. T. Wills, D.D.,
James G. Macdonald of Glasgow, Scotland,
and B. Josephine Curtis of San Francisco.
DIED. ¦ -.'. ¦.
Arjo, Manuel Kelleher, M. Jr.
Braud. Annie ' Kelly, Mary B.
Bullwlnkel, J. T. Jr. Kendall, Valentine
Cannon. James L. Kirk. Emily
Clarrage, Edward D. . Korb, . William A.
Cochran, Joseph P, La Comber, Emily
Cotter, Richard Mahoney. Wm. E.
De Laurler. Eleeca Mullaney. James A.
, Flgone, Annie , Neddersen, Ellxabeth
. GUleran. B. Olsen,. Alma
Glllon, Delia Parsons, Lillian
Gilmore. Nora - Peterson, Andrew
Goldstein. Hiram P. Scoular. Wm. A.
Godsil, James , . vsmith. James H.
Hecox. -Oscar T. Van Laak. Clarence
• Hill, Mrs. August* Young, Edward H.
Ind, Mary
ARJO — In this city,' November 27, 1903.
Manuel Arjo, beloved husband of the late
Mercid Arjo and loving father of Mrs. Rosa
Camano, Norbtrt and Frank Arjo and the
late Mrs.*Tillie Meneees. Manuel, Philip and
Guadalnpa Arjo,. a native of Spain, ated lit)
years 11 months and 2 days. A member of
the Spnnlsh Mutual -Benevolent Society., .' '
C7Frtends and acquaintances are respect-
; fully Invited, to attend the , funeral
Tuesday. December 1, 1903, at' 12 o'clock m.,
from his late residence. 2940 Laguna street.
ICTFrlends are respectfully Invited to at-
tend the funeral Monday, November 30. at 2
o'clock- p. m., from his late residence, 48tt
Twenty-seventh street, Oakland. Interment
strictly private.
VAN LAAK— In this city, November 29, 1903.
Clarence Richard, beloved son of Lambert
and Margaret Van Laak, and brother of
Catherine Elizabeth Van Laak, a native of
San Francisco, aged 4 'months and (5 days.
IE?" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Tuesday,
December -1, 1003, at 10:30 o'clock, from the
residence of his parents. 1229 Garfleld ave-
nue, between Twenty-fifth and Twenty-sixth
streets. Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
YOUNG— In this city, November 29. 1903, Ed-
ward II. Young, a native of Englewood, N.
J., aged 21 years 6 months and 21 days.
' Julia Mahoney. and beloved brother of Annie
. and Joseph and the late James D., John F.
' and Margaret Mahoney, a native of Cali-
fornia, aged 31 years. -
MIILLANEY— In this city, November 28, 1903.
Jamea A., dearly beloved eon of Catherine
and tho late Anthony Mullaney, and brother
of Patrick and Tonle Mullaney. Mrs. K. Du-
9 Verger.' Mrs. Frank Mullen and Mrs. W. D.
Hyde, a native of Parkersburg, W. Va,,
aged 43 years. '
E7"The funeral will f take place to-day
'. (Monday), at 1 o'clock, from his late resl-
¦ dence, 131 Cortland • avenue. Interment Holy
. } Cross ¦ Cemetery. -"• ' '¦¦¦¦¦
NEDDERSEN— In thla city. November 2S.
1903, Eliza4>eth, beloved wife of Fred Ned-
dersen,: mother of Harry, Edward and Frank
Levenberg, and sister of Henry Mackey, a
native of New York, aired 40 years.
¦ • •• (ETFilends and acquaintances axe respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 1 o'clock, from the parlors
of the United Undertakers. S6Q Mission
: ".street, between Fourth and Fifth.
OLSBN— In this city. November 29. 1803. Al-
' ma. beloved and only child of Ole T. and
Alma Olsen, a native of San Francisco, aged
' 7 days.
PARSONS (nee PRICE)— In this city. Novem-
ber 29, 1903, Lillian, dearly beloved wife of
Edward ' A. Parsons, daughter of the late
Edward and Elizabeth Price, and beloved
sister of Susie. Lottie. Rose, Eddie and Ar-
thur Price and Mrs. E. L. .Meeks, a native
of San Francisco, aged 23 years 2 months
and*27 days. /
C^Frlends ar.d acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 10 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 1359 Stevenson street. Interment
Mount Olivet Cemetery.
PETERSON— In thla city, November 29, 1903.
Andrew William, beloved son of Andrew R.
and Anna. Peterson, and brother of Alice,
Anna, Gustava, Sophie and Edward Peter-
son, a native of. San Francisco, aged 13
years* 11 months and 3 days.
E7Trlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral Tuesday.
December 1, 1903. at 8:30 o'clock, from the
residence of his parents. 861 Elizabeth street,
between Twenty- third and Twenty- fourth,
Hoffman and Douglass, thence to St. Jamea
Church, corner Twenty-third and Guerrero
streets, where a 'requiem high mass will be
celebrated for the repose of his eoul at 9
o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
SCOULAR— In the City and County Hospital,
November 29, 1903, William A. Scoular, a
native of Scotland, aged 85 years.
SMITH— In Oakland, Cal., November 27, 1003,
. James Hume Smith, beloved son of Julia
Smith and the late James II. Smith and
brother of Ida M. Stevenson, William B.,
Mortimer, Julia and Arthur C. Smith, a
native of Pennsylvania, aged 83 years, a
months and 13 days.
MEDIC AL*
\IKS. DR. WTETH. t-peciaiiet for all female
ccir.pjasiiU; Instant relief guaranteed; 30
retire f?:;*»rience; removed to 826 Post st.
illlS. IP.. KOHL, reliable cpecialitt for ail fe-
fnf iroublea and irrrguiaritJe»; irgvant r*-
>'¦< T_ ti i.rar.lrc£. lCKKS^i M»;Vet «t.. cpp. r.th.
l-l'. G. V.\ O-nONNELll-AU who ar« sick or
Itl treble cesmxU «h'.s t;;»v!;Ulft on fenal*
itn.-pA.ats: &rf*trivt!jr xrwetedj Om unfortu-
.r.<j l>.c!j.ei; iltt lm*t dtCBralt oases treated;
« <:\'.cf free. «%;r;'. IQHt Market bt.
I rs. Ooouwln, 733 Turk. r.r. Van Ness— Expert
.:*. <• Ktetrica, female rorcpliics; lent, relief;
' r*-«''r.eni fiO: liourg. 10 to 5; l!5 yrr. expor.
VP.S. p. ALLEN. 111S Market— Reliable ladle*
frccia.is:; a private hcs:e befcr* and during
*or.ntirtr.«>r.t; b^t mt-dical care; law fe*».
-n. IIOSEN ltfldea 2805 Folsom St.. corner
2t,th; laflies. relief or no fee; $10.
DR. and MRS. DA VIES and HINDOO HERBS;
frig-lr.al ir»tho<2 <ST ireatrecnt. 112C Market »t-
DR. XG T<>V KEt. 31& Pctveli et.. opposite
T'r.icn Fquire; aM d'spaceo cured by herbs.
MOXEY TO VOxk.
AAA-HEP.M.I.V KURPBT.
CQ1-CC2-CG3 Examiner building.
Q-jlck fettlcmeetc; no disappointment. •
Save expenses by dealing directly.
Est*te«. «eeond mortgage*, undivided Inter-
est». ai-sler.rnrnts of rents, property la trust,
etc.; legacies. life estatr-s and undivided !n-
trrwts in property purchased.
Courteous treatment. Strictly confidential.
V.'hen You Need Money
t*e HERMAN MURPHY.
ADVANCES on furniture ar.d pianos without
if-movai: to permanent salaried people oa
t!>:r note without «ecurity or knowledge of
•rnpioycr; lowest rates; no commission. NA-
TIONAL, CREDIT CO. CS and C3 Donoho*
building. 1170 Market Bt.
eTR:CTI.T CONFIDENTIAL LOANS en fur-
r.lture. piar.os or to salaried people on their
note: proper treatment pyarante»d. ILLIN1O3
TRUST CO.. r. 16. Phelan bid . tel. Main 704.
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamond*. Jewelry, at
lowest rate*. Baldwin Jewelry Store, Sl«
Market Et. . ttl. Main 1C4«. Branch, 19 Third.
MONEY loaned to falaried people, retail ra»r-
rfcants. teamcter*, boarding-houses, without
fpcurity; *>ayy payments; liirsest business la
4'5 principal cities. To'mr.n. 5^3 Parrott bidg.
A — 1 p«r cent on furniture or piano: no remov-
al, no commission, no publicity ;$t'5 up; qu.ck.
prl\"at#. confidential. 2<5 Montgronv-ry, ra 7.
MUNICIPAL LOAN OFFICE 103 Grant av«..
~ LOANS FROM $1 TO J 10. 000.
MONEY to loan on low interest: gold, silver.
diamonds, r-farls and precious Ftones bought
__at W. J. HESTHAL'S. 10 Sixth tt.
TO falaried people without security; on furni-
ture; indorsed rotes and other fecurtty. E. F.
Discount Agency. 143 Phelan building.
AT lowfft rates on fumituro and pianos; strict
privacy; no comir!iiyion;installments accepted.
PONELLI 301 Eddy. Conservatory buildtng.
OPEN Credit Ars'n. loans en salaries confiden-
tially: new. simple plan. Room 60. HID Market.
3T OX furniture A- piaiiof ; f !."> up: nn removal;
nn com. V. TREMAIN, room SI. « Eddy st.
MONEY loaned to salarird employes. G. XV.
MILLER, room 74. Trth floor. Chronicle bldg.
1 FEU o*ct on furniture or piano. 1003 Mu-
tual Favincs Bank bl<Jg.. 7CS Market f=C
ALL loan* on diamonds and jewe'.ri- 2 per cent
mo. S. F. Collateral Loan Bank. 5T>S Kearny.
ETAR Loan <""o. of Wyotninsr loans money to
salaried employes. R. 311. Mutual ?.av.Bk. bid.
CAPH loaned raiaried p«>orle en notes without
)ndor:'pr. MORELL. €09 Exarr.in»r bldg.
SIt'SICAL, IXSTRTMENTS.
JtENT a piano for $'.'> per month; ira allow six
months' rental of the purchase price If you
*ish to buy: this £!vts you tix months' trial
cf the instrument for nothing; if the piano
r*nttd firwis not suit we allow the rental oa
any Instrument in cur stores; with such goods
t: the McPhail of Boston, the Schiller and
cur own make to select from we can guar-
antee tat.Efaction to every one In quality,
price and terms. See the Scott-Curtai
""Bijou," the smallest full ccalt piano la Saa
Francisco. ECOTT-CURTAZ PIANO CO..
f.tiO-C2-C4 Hayes =t.
ALL BfXlfttts on cur bargain elate to-day —
Ccilard. $35; Fllsher. $M>; Sherman 4-Hyde,
1100; W^ber. $«; Kimball. 5115; Mansfleld A
Nctci. $125; Haynes, fir>0: American. $163;
Chickerinp, flC7; Emerson. $172; Miller.
H75: 2 Stfcinways.. large and small size, tiss
r.r.i 525K); Heine, large style, fcllshtly used.
S32S. Resits J2 up. apply oa purchase; in-
stsi:inents $4 up. HEINE PIANO CO.. 233-
tZ~ Geary et. ; OaJcland branch. Fifteenth and
Broadway, eld P. O. Bldg. Largest exclu-
sive whole»3!e and retail dealers of the West.
NOW is the time to select your piano for the
holiday |>r«-p*-nt ; we have just received two
carload* of excellent instruments, an.i if you
will call and make a selection now tha piai:o
can be deliverf-d when you are ready; bring
such amount es you can spare for a first pay-
ment and we will arrange easy payments for
tho futur*. THE ZENO MAUVAIS MUSIC
COMPANY. 7t& Market St.
A FINE lot cf second-hand uprights from $50
up. Including fcuch rr.i-keg as Chickertng.
Vos*. Kro*rer. (Eurtaz, Kirkham. Peaso.
Hardmac. Marshall & Wendell. Bau* and
ethers. BENJ. CURTAZ t SON'. 1« O'Far-
rell tt. No branches la San Francisco.
BAND instruments; F. Bcseon, Parts, maker;
Ous Malwaid. Agt. Pac. Coast. 278 OTarrell;
ckillful repairing; 2d-hand instruments sold.
A MASSIVE solid walnut case Estey organ,
two banks of Keys and pedal ba*s; cost $750;
your cwn price. BOWERS & 'SON. II Mason.
ALMOST new upright; cheap: cash or install-
ment. ECHMITZ & CO.. 16 McAllister st.
A FTECK upright mahogany, nearly new;
must be sold. 210 McAllister tt.
BEAUTIFUL 3-p«slal Bteicway uj.rlnht piano;
perfect order: sacrifice. Ke^fTe's.lNS O'Farrell.
Unredeemed storage pianos and furniture dirt
cheep. Whiffcead Storage. 1C56 Market st.
EOHMER, Eyrrn Maury pianos. Cecil'.an piano
player. BYRCN MAUZY. SCS-312 Post gt
EUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
MULI-FR. rr.nV.fr. r»>rialr»r. 5 Lntham plare.
OFFICES AXD STOIIKS TO LKT.
6TOBE with large basement; be'ow K«»arEy
rt.: r»nt t30. Arrly fl C1»t «t.. room 1
OIL.
WILL exchange for city property, sell or lease,
proven valuable oil land In Sunset, Midway,
McKlttrick. Ventura districts and incorporate
your company. Call or address MRS. CLARA
FOLTZ. Attorney et Uw, 24 floor Mills bldir.
rEHSOXAM. "
A SPECIAL LOW RATE 30 DATS ONLY—
M. ELLA HAKRIS.
To all whom 1 have made prices to since
Jan. 1 1003. & for the ensuing 30 days only,
I will make a liberal reduction from all
Trices for my special d«-ep-wrinkle treatment.
The lady who has been on exhibition In
the drug ctore windows may be *e<?n at my
office this week from 10 to 5. in order to ac-
coromodate those who h»;ve requested to ex-
amine the face more thoroughly In private.
M. ELLA HARRIS.
781 O'Farrell et.. near Larkin. Call or write
for book explaining method.
. -
HAVE you stomach trouble? See the dally
papers how many die from the trouble; our
powders will relieve you in 5 minutes, no
matter how aggravated your ctue; call or
«*nd fcr free samples. Vital Hestoratlv*
KemeCy Co.. 212 Gough st.. Ean Francisco.
THE Star Hair Remedy restores gray hair, im-
proves Its growth, stops falling, cures dandruff
end itching scalp: no etaln or stickiness;
tieanees scalp; at druggists', hairdressers' ;ac-
cfjit no substitute. Star Remedy CQ..1S3S Polk.
NOT how cheap but how good is the motto cf
the manufacturers cf the Rapid Rotary
standard, the sewing-machine of to-day. J.
W. EVANS, agent, 1C21 Market Bt.
PHYSICIAN, 15 years' experience, cures per-
ir.anertly morphine, cocaine habit. Call or
address Central Pharmacy. 251 Grant ave..
corner Sutter gt.; fee mod«rate.
AT less than cost uncalled for suits, overcoats
er.1 trousers at CHARLES LYONS'. London
Tal'.or. 721 Market ft. •
LIQUOR hab:t cured In 2 days or no charges;
guaranteed. Acme Liquor Cur* Co., 997 Mar-
tft «t., room 203.
ELEGANT suits on easy installments; 50 cents
and up per week. LEON LEMOS. 1127 Mar-
fcft Et.. between Seventh and Eighth.
DANCING Tuesday. Thursday. Saturday, Sun-
day tvgs., Teutcnia Hall, Howard" «t.. nr.
t*th; Prof, rosier; society dancing taught.
MASSAGE, hand-rubbing treatment: face vi-
bratory irachirie; genuine tubs. Prof. Morris,
40C Geary t.. nr. Mason; nuree assistant.
MASQUERADE co*riiTr»>s. play books, wiirs; j
cour.trv orcVrt.. GOLDSTEIN & CO.. 7S3 Mkt.
ANDERSON — Elf-rarit theatrical and masquer- I
sde coffjmcf rer.ted. ?Q OTarrell St. J
SUITS to order on Installments. $1 P*r week.
Neuhaus * Co.. merch. tailors. 727-723 Market.
SUPERFLUOUS hair t moles remov-ed by eleo-
trlc r.*;-:i>. p r . & Mrs. Traverse. J170 Market.
THE best plftea to buy rood umbrellas or hav«
then*. rovt;r«-a cr rri^irfd is 120 Stockton st.
TAIl/iRMAnE »«'Jit t7 50; dress pants ?2 90.
>. iaflt Qjthiiig Parlor, cor. Bush and Dur>ont,
ALFKEDt.-MS Egypt'.ar. llenna~restores gray
_ hair to its natural color; 81; at all drugg!*'-*".
Ettperfiuous hatr and r-.oles removed with «-lec-
irtc DM-Ue. Mrs. & Miea Ea;ca. 1M9 Sutter.
| REAL K STATE- — CIT V-r-FQR. S.VLJ5.
MODERN cottages; finished complete with
*very convenience: easy terms; large lota. '
« rooms- $2900. i
6 rooms — f .1250.
t> rooms — $.150©.
6 rooms — 53CCO.
7 rooms— $4100.
fc rocms— $4CC0.
Located or. First end Second ave.. bst.
Gear?- and McAllister et. cars and one block
north of park. F. NELSON, builder.
BUII.D ' on your unimproved realty; we loaa
full cost improv. end part lot at 6 per sent.
MANHATTAN LOAN CO.. Crocker building.
LOTS N or S side of Golden Cato Park, pur-
chased by W. J. amnt, SSO California st.
ESTIMATES en pltimbir.E work, new or old.
Ahlbach fc Mayer, plumbers. SSO Howard Et.
HI-: A I, ESTATE — Country — Kt>r Snle.
FOR sale — 15-arr» fruit . 'arm; good 'Improve-
ments, good location: connected with San
Francisco by rail and electric cars. Call or
address 715 Nineteenth st., Oakland, CaL
$10 A MONTH buys a 10-acre farm.
$200 rrortt per annum per acre.
V.-r!te for booklet. It's free. 603 J St.
WRIGHT & KIMBROUGH. Sacramento. Cal.
ALFALFA lands, stock ranches, orchards,
vineyards; inspected bargains: monthly cata-
lopufs sf nt free. C. M. WOOSTER CO., 648
Market et.
BUY a cheap home; send stamp for ll«; chick-
I en ranches, alfalfa., stock, fruit ar.d general
farms. W. J. WHITE. 20 Montgomery st.
BEAI^ESTATE.
PAX MATEO— BURLING A ME.
Best suburban homes near San Francisco:
r.o terry: electric railroad now running: lots
and residpnees for sale; we can sell nood lots
I a« low as $500 each; we will be glad to ehow
j them; we also have some acreage land near by
as low as $100 to $2<X> rer acre.
McAFEE BROTHERS.
105 Montgomery fit.. Ban Francisco. Resident
agent. S. G. GOODHUE, Western Union Tel.
bldg.. San Mateo.
PO1.VT RICHMOXD It E AL E STATE.
WATER front lots and bargains; all tracts:
maps, photos, etc. BELL. 417 Parrott bldg.
4 LOTS rhoap for cash. oC8 Bush St., room 4,
third floor.
HEAL ESTATE f O EXCHANGES.
A.^ FINE $15,000 Improved ranch in the Napa'
Valley to exchange for Francisco or Oak-
land property. P. C. LASSEN & CO., 4CC
Tenth Ft.'. Oakland, Cal. t
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE, 1118 BROADWAY.
OAKLAXD ROO31S TO LKT.
VENDOME AND GRAND HOTELS,
{•55*4 Washington and 610 Ninth sts . Oak-
tacd; furnished rooms en suite or single, with
cr without board: special rates to families.
OAKLAXD FL'RXITUIIE FOR^ SALE.
I TO-MORIIOW the day tor bargains In furni-
ture. H. Sk-hellhaas. 11th st..cor.store.Oaklnd.
|. .,
ROOMS FOR nOUSEKEEPIXQ.
AT Knickerbocker Apartments. 1340 Pine st.,
near Hyde — Furnl^hod 3-room suits-. $30 up;
Fteam hratfd, electric lighted; fre« bath.
I __^ — _—
i JES?1E. "r«— Large sunny front parlor, fur-
nished: houeekc-tpinc; pra? range; $14 month.
i LAHKIN MOB- 3 large completely Tur. sunny
bark rooms; cegular kitchen; bath; phone.
MODEL HOITFE. 1200 Stockton Bt.— Newly fnr-
r.i«hed rooms. $.V$12; batb. gae, phone.
OAK. 117 — Nice furnished suites. *8 to $.16;
gas range; hot bath; laundry; adults.
O'FARRELL. 54.'i — Two sunny, nicely furnished
housekeeping rooms on parlor floor.
SEVENTEENTH. 3M& near Castro — 3 beauti-
ful desirable unfur. rms.; no children; reason.
ST'TTER. 1SCS — 2 newly tinted unfurnished;
pas, running water, bath, phone; private fam.
THE ANTLKHP, 4*.5 Turk— Modern house-
kpp. apartments; 3, 4. 5 rms.; furn, unfurn.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and fubser'.ptioni
lfcp'vd at Call branch office. 22'1Q Fillmora.
[ ROOMS TO LET — Furn. and Infurn.
A— BRUNSWICK House. 14S Sixth st.— Rooms
28c to $1 per night. $1 25 to $S per week and
light housekeeping rooms: open all night.
AT "The Almonte." 873 Market st. for No. 1
Fifth ft.)— Rooms. 2.">c. SOc. $1. $1 50 night; |
$1 '¦¦' to $10 week; hcuse open all nij;M. ,
1 BURNETT. 1426 Market fold No. 1364)— Fur- I
niFhed rooms. FUite. single; also unfurnished, j
| CALIFORNIA. 1255. near L«avenworth— Nicely
furnished rooms.
i CLIFFORD. 204 Ellis, corner Mason— EWantly
furnished sunny rooms; prices reasonable.
DIAMOND. S19 — Two rooms; $6.
i FOUR con. rooms, 2 bedr, bath, toilet, gas
and coal stoves; all necessaries. 1933 Geary.
GEARV. 1225 — Elegantly furnished front room,
euitable for 1 or 2 gentlemen; refs.; private.
GRAND Southern, 7th and Mission— Rooms 50c
to $1 50 night; $1 to $3 week; reading-roorn. j
! JONES. 413 — The Saphire — Sunny furnished
rooms; running water; reasonable; central.
LAGUNA and McAllister. St. James flat— Sun-
ny single room.
McALLISTEH. 907— Nicely furnished «unny
room; laundry; yard; German family; $5 mo. j
NINTH. 119 (dillesple)— Nicely furnished room?
$1 50 to $2 50 per week ; 50c to 75c per night.
POLK. IMS— The Carnegie— This has changed
hands and is thoroughly renovated; $6 up. j
POWELL. .'(17 — Sunny front suite for doctor or
. dentist: also other furnished rooms.
ROYAL House. 120 Ellis — Incandescent lights,
reading-room, smoking-room and ladies' par-
lor, ; ; ocim per night. 35c to $1 50; week. $2
to $S; month. J8 to $30; elevator on ground
floor; rooms with hot and cold water; baths.
UNITED STATES. 123 Eddy St.. nr. Market—
400 cingle and family rooms; 35c to $1 night;
$1 75 to $0 week; elevator; electric lights;
reading-roonr; free bus and baggage.
EUTTER, I022H. near Hyde— Two large runny
parlors, with kitchen or laboratory. .
VAN NESS. r»19— Handsome sunny furnished
suites and single rooms; all conveniences.
WINCHESTER Hotel, 44 3d St., rear Market—
Most convenient and respectable; 700 rooms;
S5c to SreO night; S2 to $S week; elevator;
elec. lights; reading-room; free bus; baggnge.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscription* received at
Call Branch office, cor. Duncan & Church sU.
CLASSIFIED advertisements end cubscrlption*
received at Call branch ofHce. 2200 Flllmore.
ROOMS AXD DOARD.
HofiEirBAl^rrMORE^
VAN NESS AVE:.- NEAR GEARY BT.
AMERICAN PLAN.
PHONE PRIVATE EXCHANGE 706.
SELECT FIRST-CLASS FAMILY HOTEL.
HOT AND COLD OCEAN WATER,
SPECIAL RATES BY THE I.IONTH.
MUXGER ZEBERG. PROPRIETORS.
CHANGE OF PROPRIETORS. —
MANHATTAN HOTEL, 1704 Market et
A strictly first-class family and tourist hotel
of strict respectability.
DORLAND, 24 — Nicely furnished ruom; run-
ning water; use of bath; with or without
board; suitable for two.
HOTEL MARTINET, Geary st. and Van Ness
ave., has changed hands; ' hereafter conducted
first-class family hotel; table board specialty.
MCALLISTER, 1097 — Three sunny corner
rocmx, with or without board; en suite or
single.
STEVENSON mansion. 807 California st. — At-
tractive and sightly rooms; best table and
service ; lowest rates.
EIOHTH. 402 — Front sunny room In new flat,
with or without board; with board. $30 mo.
VALENCIA. 119»— Nicely furnished rooms and
rood board : reasonable.
S^rORA^E |^ AXD^ WAREH O USES.
A— EM?ollHJM~slora^e^~VaTcXr7u^Uure^
houcehold goods stored, moved, shipped. 725-
731 Howard st.. nr. Third; phone Grant 161.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage & Moving Co., of-
f.'-e Pott and Powell sts.; tel. Prlve. Ex. 571.
CONKLIN'S Storag*? — Furniture and merchan-
dise. 333 Golden Gate ave.; phone East 128.
GOLDEN West Storage; advances made: 840
Mission Ft; tel. Howard 941. F. "W. Zehfuss.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture, Movityr Com«
pany. 2220 Flllroore St.; phone Jackson 281.
BEK.INS Van and Storage Co.'. 11 Montgomery
et.; te!. Main 1S40. Shipping at cut ratea.
SUPPLIES.
AN exceptionally good Js'o. 2 Remington, No.
I Smith Pmmier, $25; other typewriters at
higher ar.d lower prices; rentals $2 60. Tb«
Typewriter Exchange. 5S6 California st.
A FEW good typewriters at $30 each; set par-*
ticulars. L. & M. ALEXANDER; 110 Mont-
gomery st.
2D-HAND typewriters sold, rented, repaired.
Websttr Typewriter Inspeo.- Co., 60S Market.
• thence to Druids' . Hall, 413 . Sutter street,
where cervices will be held under the aus-'
I picea'of Perseverance Grove No. 10, U. A.
;:O.D., commencing at 1 o'clock.
ERAUD?-In this city, November 28, 1903, An-
nie, beloved wife of#Frank Braud, mother of
Leon and Marie Braud, daughter of - Charles
L. and the late Eliza Young, and sister of
George, Leonard, Adelbert and Robert Young,
ChafToa D. Boehxn and Mrs. Lizzie Athey,
a native of San Francisco, aged 2S years.
' rgr^Friends and acauaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
' (Monday), et 10 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 132 Dorland street, between Dolores
and Church, Seventeenth and Eighteenth.
Interment Mount Olivet Cemetery.
BULLWINKEL— In this city, November 28,
1003, at* his residence, !K>2 Pacific street,
John F. Bullwlnkel Jr., only son of John
- F. Bullwlnkel, and brother of Meta Bull-
. wlnkel.a native of San Francisco, aged 26
years • and '7" days. A member of Court
Robin Hood No. 1. P. of A. _ .
¦ ; . BryFrlecaa and p.cqualntances nre respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 11 o'clock, from-hls late resi-
dence. 002 Pacific street. Interment Cypress
Lawn Cemetery.
CANNON— In this city, Npvember 29. 1903,
•Jamea L.. dearly beloved son of Thoinaa and
' Ellen Cannon, and brother of John P. and
Elizabeth Cannon and the late Ellen and
John F, Cannon, a native of San Francisco,
' aged 20 years and 8 months.
(ETFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 9:80 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 20" Sanchez street, thence to Mission
Dolores Church, where a requiem high mass
will bo celebrated tor the repose of his soul,
commencing at 10 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
CLARRAGE— In Oakland. November 29, 1903,
Edward Darling, beloved husband of Mary
C. 'Clarrage, and father of Mrs. Fred J.
Boughton and Elaine O., Edward P. and
Hadley F. Clarra«e, a native of Lynn,
Mass., aged 64 years 2 months and 23 days.
COCHRAN— In this city. November 26, 1903,
Joseph P. Cochran, brother of the late Rob-
ert and Anna E. . Cochran, and uncle of
Smith P. Cochran of Chicago, 111., a na-
tive of Pennsylvania, aged 76 years 4 months
and 6 days. A member of St. Andrew's So-
ciety and Abou Ben Adhem Lodge No. 112,
I. O. O. F.
E?"Fricn(ls and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Tuesday,
December 1. 1903, at 1 o'clock, from his late
residence. 1420 Hyde street. Services at
Central Methodist Episcopal Church, Mission
street, between Sixth .and Seventh, at 2
o'clock. Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery,
1 , by electric cars from Eighteenth and Guer-
rero streets.
COTTER — In this city, November 27, 1903.
Richard Cotter, dearly beloved husband of
Margaret Cotter, and loving father of Rich-
ard J. and Mary Cotter, a native of Olen-
" brook, County Cork, Ireland, aged 69 years.
¦ tCTTriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral Alan-
day, November 30, 1903, at 9:30 o'clock a.
; m., from hla late residence, 1548 Sixteenth
avenue south, thence to. All Hallows
Church, corner Sixteenth avenue and N
street south, where a requiem high mass
will be. celebrated for the repose of his soul
commencing at 10 o'clock. .Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
DE LAURIER— In this city, November 27,
1003, Eleece de Laurler, beloved daughter
of the late Anna A. de Laurler and stater
cf George D.. Corino M. and Lillie A. de
Laurier, a native of Michigan, aged 20 years
11 months and 27 days.
Cv^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-
day (Monday), November 30, 1903, at 8:30
o'clock a, m.. from the chapel of Charles
II. J. Truman & Co., 1909 Mission street,
between Fifteenth and Sixteenth, thence to
St. Charles Church, corner Eighteenth and
Shotwell streets, where services will be held
commencing at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery, by carriage.
FIGC-NE— In this city, November 27, 1903,
Annie, dearly* beloved wife of- Giovanni
.Figone and mother of Josephine Flgone and
daughter of Maria Vonoool and sister of
Louis, George. Richard, Charles and' Emil
Vonpool and Mrs. Rosle Magglo and of
the late Mary Carson, a native of Ean Fran-
-, Cisco, aged 33 years. . ¦ . • i.->->
(ETTrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral on Mon-
day. November 30, 1903. at 1 o'clock p. m.,
from her late residence. 1 .Bartol place,
oft Broadway, near Montgomery street,
thence to Mazzini Circle, C. O. F., at A. O.
F. Hall. C01 Union street, near Stockton,
where services will be ¦ held at 1:30 p. m.
sharp. Interment New Italian Cemetery.
GILLERAN— In San Jose, November 28, 1903,
Bartholomew GUleran, brother of James Gll-
leran, and father of Mrs. M, J. Hemenez
and Matthew Ollleran. a native x>t County
.- Westmeath. Ireland, aged Cl> years.
IC^Friencls and acquaintances are re-
spectfully invited to attend the funeral
to-day (Monday), November 30, from San'
Jose, by 11:15 train. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery.
GILMORE — In this city, November 20, 1903,
at the residence. 1465 San Bruno avenue,
Nora, beloved daueJiter of Bernard and Mary
Gilmore, a .native of San Francisco, 'aged 2
years 9 months and 9 days,
GILLON— In this city, November 27, 1903, at
her residence, 81« Folsom street, Delia,
beloved wife of James V. Gillon, and sister
of Mm. T. M. Hamill and the late Mrs.
Mary Murray and Jamea Quinn, a native of
Massachusetts, aged 42 years. (Amador
papers please copy.)
C7"NotIce of funeral hereafter.
GOLDSTEIN— In this city, November 29, 1903.
Hiram P. Goldstein, beloved brother of Mrs.
S. Guggenhelmer. Mrs. J. U. Goldsmith and
Mrs. S. J. .Kahn, a native of New York
City, aged 5t years and 1. "month.
ET'Funeral will take place from the under-
taking parlors of Porter & White, 4Zi
Golden Gate, avenue. Monday morning at
10 o clock. Interment Home of Peace Cem-
etery, via -11:30 a. m. train from Third and
Townsend streets depot.
GODSIL— In this city, November 27, 1003,
James, beloved husband of Margaret Godsil
and father of Lulu A., Mary E. and Joseph-
ine M. Godsil, a native of Ireland, aged 68
years. 8 months and 2 days.
L {^"^rtends and acquaintances are respect-
fVlly Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Monday) at 9 o'clock from his late real-
rt nC ~' A2 Vlercc "street, thence to Sacred
H f»« Church, where a requiem high mass
? J. ¦£ ceJebra ted for the repose of his soul
at h:jo o clock. Interment private.
HECOX— In this city, November 28, 1903,
Oscar Theo. Hecox. beloved father of Ed-
win, Lottie Bnd Gertie Hecox, Mrs George
Schultz. Mrs. T. H. Ingram and Mrs. F.
Delaney, a native of Illinois, aged 63 years.
ItyFrlcnds and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
to-day (Monday), at 1:30 o'clock, at- the
mortuary chapel of the Golden Gate Under-
taking Company, 2475 Mission street, near
Twenty-first. Interment Cypress Lawn Ceme-
tery, by electric funeral car from corner of
i-iKhteenth and Guerrero streets at 2 o'clock. •
HILL — In this city, November 28, 1903, Mrs.
Augusta Hill, relict of the late Benjamin
Hill and dearly beloved mother of Lena Hill,
a native of New. Hampshire.
ETFrlends and acauaintances are" respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Monday) at 10 o'clock a. m., from the fam-
ily residence. 1001 California street. Inter-
ment private. .
IND — In this city, November 28, 1903, Mary
Ind, beloved wife of Thomas Ind, and slater
of Mrs. Michael Drury. a native of Ire-
land, ngf-d 56 years.
CTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 9:30 o'clock, from the funenfl
parlors of James McGinn & Co., 214 Eddy
street, thence to Holy Cross Church, where
a solemn high mass will be celebrated for
the repose of her eoul, commencing at 10
o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
KELLEHER— In this city, November 29, 1903
, Michael Kelleher Jr., beloved son of Michael
and Margaret Kelleher, and brother of John,
Edward, Daniel, James and Agnes Kelleher,
Mrs. E. Hogan. Mrs. J. Conerton, Mrs W.
J. Murtend and the late Thomas Kelleher.
a native of San Francisco, .aged 38 years.
KELLY— In this city, November 28 1903
Mary Elizabeth, beloved wlfo' of the late
Joseph Kelly, mother of Phillip Vincent
Kelly, and aunt of Henry A. McKenna, a
native of Wisconsin, aged 43 years 2 montha
and 8 days. . - . .. •
¦ C7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 8:30 o'clock, from the chapel
«, of Charles H. J. Truman & Co., 1909 Mission
street, between Fifteenth and Sixteenth,
thence to Mission Dolores Church, | where a
mass will be celebrated for the repose of her
soul, commencing at 0 o'clock. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery, by carriage,
KENDALL- In this city, November 27, 1903.
Valentine, dearly | beloved husband of - Hattle
Kendall, father of Sablna, Jennie, Normar
and the late .Valentine Kendall, son of Mrs.
T. Kendall, and brother of Tom, Frank,
Willie and George Kendall and Mrs. J. Saw-
yer, a native : of San Francisco, aged ¦ 41
years 9 mentbs and 13 days. A member of
the Plledrlvcrs' Union.
ICFiienda and acquaintances are respect-
fully ' lnvlt€fl to attend the funeral to-day
(Monday), at 10 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 111S '¦ Treat . avenue, ¦ thence to Bt.
Peter's Church for services at 10:30 O'clock. '
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery. . . ,-
KIRK — In this City, November 29, 1903, Emily
-.'. Kirk, a native of Missouri, aged 73 years.'
KORB-^-In; this city. November 28, 1903, Will-
iam A., dearly , beloved son ¦ of William C
and Mary Korb and brother of Nettle and
' the late Ethel Korb, a native of Ban Fran-
cisco, aged 5 years an 3 l day.
C^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend . the funeral : Monday
at 1 :30 o'clock p. m., from her late resl- '
denee, 241 Shipley street Interment Holy
, Qross Cemetery. .. - . . ; , _ * .
LA COMBER— In this city, -November 29. •19O3.' !
Emily . La Comber, beloved mother of Mrs
Lillie G renter. Mrs. L. House, Mrs J
Tucker, Mrs. Gus Mathews, Mrs. C.'N Peck
• and . Mrs. < J. D. Cardinell, a native of Ger-
many, aged 65 years. ¦ . .;. t , ;
MAHONEY— In : this city, November 29 1903
- William '¦ Edward, beloved son of Joha and
- James McGinn." -•.-? '-->¦¦ "¦ Henry Haaaea. •
JAMES McGINN & Co'
Formerly 'With McGinn Bros., '
—Funeral Directors and Embalmers.-—
214 Eddy st. : Tel. ' South 576. - - " ' ¦*'¦
%v? |^B/jKy,5 45^1 3 ¦ 4 Hb3>jiO| m «jt( - v! *^^ t"I don't believe," remarked Mr.
Thompson, "that those boys were alone
in their crooked work. In fact, I have
pretty good evidence, which I am not
at liberty to disclose, that they were
simply used as' tools by a shrewdly or
ganized gang of thieves whose head
quarters are on Second street, in this
city. It is my impression that when the
boys came here they were honest and
fell into the clutches of the gang to
whom I have alluded. Goldstein, I
could almost swear, was not a thief
when he first came to our house. I am
less positive as to McKlniry*s honesty
at that time, because he was older and
more experienced than his companion,
but I accepted him as an ambitious
young student."
The young men never did a thins to arouse
my suspicion as. to their honesty. They were
always up In the morning about 7 o'clock and
went riding on their bfcycles. . About 10 or 11
they returned, had a bath, and usually epent
the afternoon In their room, reading. About 6
o'clock they would again start out on their
wheels, and they never stayed out . later than
10. My husband and I often congratulated
ourselves on having such well-behaved boys
occupying- our spare room. .
Mrs. Thompson, when seen at her
home in this, city last evening, said:
Little Robert Morgan, son of Mrs.
George W. Morgan, residing at 2326
College avenue, Berkeley, declares that
Goldstein is the burglar who ransacked
that residence last Wednesday after
noon. "I saw the man pull off a false
beard as he* went out of the door," the
boy says. ,
•Young Goldstein's mother married
Greiner several years ago. Greiner is
a painter* in Los Angeles. Besides the
girl, Annie, there is a boy younger than
the* dead man. ¦ •*.
IMPRESSED MRS. THOMPSON.
McKiniry, according to the police de
scription, is 23 years old, five feet ten or
eleven inches tall, 155 pounds in weight,
slender, of dark, sallow complexion, has
large dark blue eyes, dark brown hair,
square jaw. heavy eyebrows and regu
lar features. Two of his upper front
teeth are slightly crooked and he has
close gold fillings in point of several
teeth.
"" "We have ¦ found nothing in the . effects of
either Goldstein or of McKiniry to show that
either of them was connected with the Crellin
or Bannan burglaries. We did find enough to
show- that these • men are crooks, bad ones,
and ready for anything. There was not much
Jewelry in the trunks.
matters that are now very important. Amom
them was a crucible, plaster of Paris mold,
such as are used for gold melting. Detective
Quigley of Oakland and Detective- Tom ¦ Cole
man or San Francisco got this stuff yesterdaj
It looks to me as If the men had used this and
other material to melt gold jewelry In and to
do that sort of work. In fact we are quite
sure of it now. Shortly after they lelt, my
mother took down the curtains in the room
McKiniry occupied to wash them. She had
an awful time with them and it must have
been caused by the chemicals used in manipu
lating the gold. ;¦".¦¦
It was about a week ago that the first >""•,
mation of anything wrong came to us. De
tectives called at the house and made . inquiry
about- our former roomers. I think it was in ,
connection with the street car holdups or the
holdups in the park. I did not learn why the
detectives desired to know about the men, nor
what had occurred to cause suspicion to be
cast upon them. As soon as I read about tne
Smith shooting in Oakland I went at once
to the police, having recognized the name of
Goldstein. I gave the detectives a complete
statement of my knowledge of the men.
But, strangely enouffh, nothing was done to
watch our house, so far aa I know, although
two detectives, as -I said, came during tne
afternoon, ar.d I turned over the roomers
mail to them. Last evening two other men
called. One of them stepped up to the door
when my mother or>ened it and asked her tor
mail that might have come there for Gold
stein or McKiniry. My mother went to the
hall stand and looked, but found nothing. Re
turning to the door she reported that to tne
caller. Juet as I stepped out to see whoxwas
there, the second man stuck his head around
the corner of ths entrance post and saw me.
Both of them quickly left and disappeared be
fore I had at chance to eet a fair glimpse at
them. Their actions were not right and there
is. not a bit of doubt In my mind that they
came direct lrom McKiniry. How could two
strangers know that mail was coming to that
house unless McKiniry or some one close to
him bad told them?
THINKS "GANG" EXISTED.
That call for mail convinces me that there
were more than two concerned In these rob
beries-. I feel satisfied that McKiniry was one
of an organized gang of skillful thieves, that
he took Goldstein Into his same and had in
tended to make a criminal of him.
During their stay at the Steadman
residence in Oakland McKiniry took
the. lead in establishing himself in the
family's good graces. It was a repetition
of the Thompson story in practically
every detail. Not until after the
shooting and the identification of Gold
stein's body by Ross Steadman as that
of one of the roomers was the truth
revealed. Goldstein and McKInlry's
trunks are in the possession of the po
lice. So is a note found yesterday at
the young men's rooms, reading as fol
lows:
"Will be back in course of a week.
THE BOYS.
v "If we send any notice, follow in
structions."
On the face of it the note is evidence
that more than one man was left to
take an interest in the pair of well
armed night prowlers. That note was
left at the Steadman house after Fri
day night's shooting. Yet the police
did not act until too late on the knowl
edge that McKiniry or any of his gang
had been near the Steadman place.
Chief of Police Hodgkins made this
statement to-night:
MOTHER AXD THE SISTER OF THE YOUTHFUL. BUKTILAR WHO WAS SLAIN BY BRAVE POLICEMAN
SMITH. AND THE HOUSE IN THIS CITY WHERE THE YOUNG CRIMINAL AND HIS PAL ROOMED FOR
A TIME WITH ATTORNEY THOMPSON AND HIS MOTHER.
OAKLAND, Nov. 29.— The identifica
tion of the young burglar wtfb was shot
and killed Friday night at Fourteenth
and Jackson streets by Policeman
James H. Smith, who in turn was killed
by the dead burglar's pal. is complete.
The name of the criminal whose body
lies on the Morgue slab was Frank J.
Goldstein. He was 19 years of age and
the son of Mrs. K. Greiner of 1338 East
Eighth street, Los Angeles.
Joseph McKiniry, a carpenter, .23
years old, lately from Los Angeles, but
¦whose he me is in Toledo, Ohio, was the
companion of Goldstein and is the man
for whom the police are searching as
the murderer of the dead policeman.
With the identity of both men thor
oughly established and their move
ments from Los Angeles to San Fran
cisco, thence to Oakland well tracked.
the Oakland Police Department offi
cially confesses through its head, St.
Clair Hodgkins. Chief of Police, that
the fugitive, McKiniry. has outwitted
them at every turn and that now, forty
eight hours after the tragic encounter,
the murderer of Policeman Smith Is at
. My sen met McKiniry about two years ago
at 204 Turk street. San Francisco. . where we
were rooming. - McKiniry was then working at
his trade of carpenter, j After we went to Los
Angeles mr boy kex>t up his acquaintance with
McKiniry. wrt> visited us several times after
we moved to Los Angeles. Frank had gone to
buslne*e college in San Francisco and . in Los
Argreles. For several . months during this cum
mer Frank was away ¦ with McKiniry. and the
last time I saw my boy was In September,
when he left for San Francisco, as I supposed,
to go to college and learn shorthand aad to
Hodgkins knew that McKiniry and
Goldstein had apartments at Mrs. W.
E. Steadman's residence, 1362 Grove
street, yet a note of warning was left
there, presumably by McKiniry, after
the city was aroused by the shooting of
Smith and the Buspected burglar.
. Identification of young Goldstein was
made this morning by his mother and
sister, who arrived at 11 o'clock and
were . escorted to the morgue by de
tectives.
The police had. learned the mother's
address from letters found in the dead
man's! clothing,, and Mrs. Greiner was
advised at once to. come to Oakland.
Broken In spirit, the sorrow-laden pa
rent acknowledged before the police
and with the weeping Bister that the
form on the marble slab was that of
her son— the' boy she had believed was
working honestly In San Francisco and
attending a school to complete his edu
cation. To the detectives she- gave fur
ther corroboratlon of the facts they had
gleaned from the mall matter, of which
they, have possession. Some of it was
taken from Goldstein's body and some
of it was turned over to the San Fran
cisco police yesterday by : Attorney
Thompson. Mrs- Greiner detailed at
some length the knowledge of Kiniry'a
association with her son for two years
after they met, first at a common meal
table! In a lodging-house at ;204 Turk
street, San Francisco. This was the
Goldsteins' home before they departed
for Los Angeles two years ago.
It was In September that the pair left
Los Angeles. They went to San Fran-;
dsco. but made] trips. It is believed, \ to
Vallejo and Sacramento. On October 1
they appeared at the Thompson resi
dence, remaining there until November
16 and going then directly to the Stead
man residence in this city.' In her nar
rative to the police to-day Mrs. Greiner
said: *V- ,*;- •
MOTHER WEEPS OVER BOY.
The police knew yesterday that for
six weeks after they arrived in San
Francisco from Los Angeles, Goldstein
and. McKiniry occupied rooms at 1919
Oak street, San Francisco, the residence
of W. J. Thompson, an attorney. Chief
of Police Hodgkins was advised that
this had been the home of these men all
o/ that time, yet last night two men
called at that residence for Goldstein's
mail and no detectives wera. there to
apprehend the strangers. That these
mysterious visitors undoubtedly were
in touch ' with McKiniry is the opinion
of Thampson, who manifested great
surprise that no policemen were on
hand.
large. This situation exists in spite of
the fact that the police have had full
knowledge of the haunts of these men.
both in Oakland and in San Francisco,
and have had excellent opportunities
for trailing the man who escaped and
abandoned his dying associate.
Trapper's Oil cures rheumatism and neunlsia.
SnwlsU. Me flask. Richard * Co.. 106 CUf.*
The first of the winter sales of thor
oughbred horses will be held .to-night
at Occidental Horse v Exchange. W.
O'B. Macdonough, master of Menlo
Stock Farm, will send a fine crop of
yearlings. The Almendral Stock Farm
will also be represented, as will other
owners. \
Thoroughbreds in Salesring.
If everybody used ga.s for fuel one
half of the doctors would have to go out
of business; colds, coughs, la gTlppe and
kindred diseases would be a thing of the
past. We sell gas ranges and heaters.
San Francisco Gas and Electric Compa
ny, 415 Post street. _ 'i *
John Maloney, foreman of a laboring
gang in the service of the Southern
Pacific Company, who arrived from
Reno, Nev., yesterday morning, was
knocked down by car. 183 of the Mar
ket-street line yesterday afternoon at
Ninth and Market streets. He re
ceived a severe contused wound of the
left thigh and a scalp wound on the
right side. After having the injuries
treated at the Emergency Hospital he
was taken to the Railroad Hospital.
Struck by a Streetcar.
Miss I. E. Connor, 138 Geary street,
will offer to the ladles of San Francisco
all of her French Models at greatly re
duced rates: $35.00 hats. $25.00: $25.00
hats, $15.00; $10.00 hats. $5.00. Sale be
gins Monday, 9 a. m., and continues for
the week. *
Millinery Sal/.
Another of the O'Hara children died
yesterday at the City and County Hos
pital. Kathleen, a four-year-old girl,
passed away and her demise Is the
fifth in the family within one month.
Whooping cough made Its appearance
In .the family and six youngsters were
taken ill. All were removed to the hos
pital, as the parents were too poor to
give them attendance at home, and but
one remains. The latter is very ill and
the physicians have little hope for Its
recovery.*
Dread Cough Brings Death.
David Young, son of Erastus Young-,
auditor of the Harrlman lines, arrived
from Chicago yesterday and is registered
at the California.
on cow's- milk that Is not subject to any
change of composition. Borden's Eagle
Brand Condensed Milk is always the
same in all climates and at all seasons.
As a general household milk it is supe
rior and is always available. '- •
Infants Thrive
An interesting exhibition by juve
nile performers was given by the turn
ers' class at Eintracht Hall last night.
The gymnastic performance was up to
usual merit and the youngsters showed
excellent athletic ability in their sever
al turns. After the tableau, "Eureka
extends her welcome to Vater Jahn,"
dancing commenced and was contin
ued until midnight.
Gymnastic Exhibition and Dance.
' McKiniry, without any doubt, had a strong
control , over the younger man ' and did ; not
hesitate to exercise, it. .In . the light of de
velopments I have no • hesitancy In believing
that 'he is the responsible: party for Goldstein's
leap into crime.' Of course we had no sus
picion that anything might be wrong- with the
men. They behaved bo well and were so
quietly refined in every way ' that .-, not the
slightest question was # ralsed.
What impelled them to suddenly move away
I do not know. It' might have been that they
were engaged in thievery and feared detection.
Subsequent events seem - to point ; that way.
But McKiniry told my mother that he intend
ed to move to Oakland, because it was near the
State 1 University that Goldstein was "going, to
attend. That was a fair enough: explanation.
The day they moved McKiniry remained at the
rooms and stayed there until their , belongings
bad been taken. But he overlooked some small
• After • the • bicycles came the roomers would
invariably eot out for lonjt rides every morning
through Golden Gate Park to the Cliff House.
They told me they were great . wheelmen and
could rlda 100 miles a day easily. They took
a great deal of Interest In athletics and Gold
stein was In the habit of going, to the park
tennis courts and: playinc there very often. .
.Neither of them would stay, out very late at
night, except the .last week they were
at our house'. Then I think they did not get
In until verylate. During the day they spent
much of their time In the' house, and would
only go out for their -meals, with occasional
trips to .the park.: .They; would sit ¦ on the
benches in the panhandle. a good deal.
' McKiniry told me that he was a carpenter,
but that he was In charge of Goldstein, whose
relatives' had. provided for his education. He
said he 'had come to San Francisco to work,
because wages at his trade were better, there
than in Los Angeles. •
. There wan not an incident during 'all of their
six weeks' stay with . us that gave rise to a
single suspicion of crookedness. They seemed
so. homelike ar.d decent that they - Quite won
myvmother. who, .perhaps, -thinking:- how she
would like her sons to be, treated by strangers,
often Invited the young men to -spend the even-
Ings in our, sitting rooms. • McKiniry became
quite at home with us and he got In the habit
of saying- "Mother" 'when 'addressing my
mother. ¦ ¦
SEEMED HONEST YOUTHS.
On, September 1 Goldstein and McKiniry
came to our house and rented each a room
from my mother. .- They appeared to be very
rentlemanly, quiet and very refined. McKin
iry told my mother that young- Goldstein came
from- a Los Angeles family that was not well
to-do but had rich connections, • and that ths
young man had | come north In McKiniry' •
charge to Ret an education..
That Goldstein and McKiniry 'were
not alone in the thievery . that they
might have accomplished is the theory
of Attorney Thompson.! After identify
ing the body at the Morgue as that of
one of his roomers Thompson gave a
lengthy narrative of his* relations with
the pair. He said:
Mrs. Greiner had written frequently
to her boy, but the only address she
knew, was that of the Oak-street house
in San Francisco.
Though Chief Hodgkins admitted that
to date he' could produce no evidence
that would directly connect Goldstein
or McKiniry with any of the big crimes
-—the Crellin or the Barman porch
climbing jobs— the .Chief has found no
end of stuff that proves unlawful en
terprises had been engaged in by the
pair. In the rooms occupied by Gold
stein and McKiniry at the Thompson
residence plaster of paris crucibles and
molds for melting and manipulating
precious metals were found. Pistols,
black cloth for masks, an instrument
to connect_with a gasburner tp form a
Bort of heating furnace, blowpipes and
a miscellaneous lot of burglar's tools
were found in the men's trunks, re
moved to-day from the Steadman resi
dence to the City Prison.
But not a trace of the $6000 worth of
Jewelry stolen from the Crellin . and
Barman homes was uncovered.
COMMITTED MANY CRIMES.
work after school hours. It was not until I
received word Saturday morning that I knew
what had befallen my son or that McKiniry
was other than an honest, hard-working man.
Dr. Alexander J. ilcIvor-Tyndall's
promised exposition of the secret of
thought reading drew a large audience
to Stelnway Hall last night. Every
seat was taken and even standing room
was at a premium. Dr. Mclvor-Tyn
dall spoke of the many different phases
of thought force and made evident
many of the obscure points of psychic
power generally. He said that no one
who had not learned the art of con
centration could hope to become suc
cessful In the interpretation of thought
transference. Next Sunday evening
Dr. Mclvor-Tyndall will lecture on
"Proofs of Immortality."
McTror-Tynd&H Lecture.
The Alameda Lustsplel Club present
ed "At the "White Horse Tavern" to a
large audience at the Columbia Theater
last night. The play was given In Ger
man. It was a most praiseworthy per
formance and reflected great credit on
the director. Arthur Becker.
It went with snap and finish from be
ginning to end. The star of the per
formance was Adolph Schubert, who
appeared to great advantage in the role
of Wilhelm Glesecke. His every speech
brought a laugh, and he received the
unusual compliment of being honored
by a recall in the middle of the second
act.
The supporting company was entirely
efficient. Leading German citizens were
out in large numbers, and evinced their
pleasure by constant applause and
bursts of laughter.
"At the White Horse Tavern" Is Pre
sented to Large Audience of
German Citizens.
ALAITEDa DRAMATIC CLUB
GIVES FINE PERFORMANCE
THE SAN FBANCISCO CALIi, MONDAY, NOVEMBER 30. 1903.
Joseph McKiniry, Formerly of Toledo, Is the Man
Sought— With Pal;He Lived as Student.'
NAME OF BURGLAR WHO KILLED PATROLMAN JAMES H. SMITH IS GIVEN POLICE BY ATTORNEY
AT WHOSE HOME MURDERER ROOMED WITH GOLDSTEIN AND OFFICERS ARE EAGER FOR CAPTURE
G.W. Simmons, head of a big hardware
manufacturing firm of St. Louis, and his
wife are registered at the Palace.
Pen troubles disappear when you get a
fountain pen that fits your hand. Having
all "kinds we can fit any hand. Prices
from $1.00 to $5.00 each. Sanborn. Vail
&¦¦ Co.. 741 Market street, selling agents
for the "Waterman." "Regal" and the
"Marshall" fountain pens. •
12
AD V KUTISEMENTS. '
SPECIAL VALUES
¦¦ ¦ ii^i ¦¦•
This week we will have on sale EXTRA
VALUES in Lace Curtains, Down and Wool
Comforters, Lace Bed Sets, Battenberg and
Cluny Tidies, Scarfs and Center Pieces,
Tapestry and Velour Table Covers, Couch
Covers, Portieres, White Blankets and Mar-
seilles Bed Spreads.
...SPECIALS....
ARABIAN and RENAISSANCE LACE CURTAINS, new
designs. $300, $3.50, $4.50 and $6.00 Pair
TAPESTRY PORTIERES, figured and plain colors....
$3.50, $4.50 and $5.00 Pair
TAPESTRY TABLE COVERS, full 2 yards sguare, lat-
est colorings $3.50 Bach
EIDERDOWN COMFORTERS wttn French sateen cover-
ing.... $4.50, $5.00, $6.00 and $7.50 Each
SILK and SATIN COVERED EIDERDOWN and WOOL
COMFORTERS, Doth plain and figured
$10.00 to $25.00 Each
FINE WHITE CALIFORNIA BLANKETS, full size....
$5.00, $6.00, $7.50 and $8.50 Each
FULL SIZE WHITE MARSEILLES BED SPREADS In
veru handsome designs $2.75 Each
|»VT /^N y^ Orders by mall receive prompt attention.
1^1 V— / 1 Jdy All orders for samples or goods filled
— and shipped same day they are received.
111, 118, 115, 117, 119, 121 POST STREET.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
JtfARKJET
Green Tr&flinr Stamps CMven On All Arti-
cle* Purchased at Our Store.
SPECIAL~PRI'CES,
Commencing To-Day.
Cane Eurar. on orders 20 lbs $I.OO
Beet Flour. CO lbs. J1.15. 100 Ibe 2.25
10-lb. sacks Flour or Corn Meal .25
California. V«ry Finest Creamery
Butter, square 4 .45
California Good Creamery Butter, sq. .40
Jellies, Jam* or Preserve*. 3 classe*. - .25
3 lb«. Very Finest Mince Meat. . . .25
fluffed Olives, large Bite .25
3 cans Maine Corn .35
4 two-lb. cans Best Tomatoes '.25
4 Ibe. Long Grain Rice " .25
6 lbs. Extra Good Ric« .25
3 cans Chili Tomatoes "..25
Jl size Curry Powder .45
4 rolls Best Toilet Paper.. ' .25
1 pallor, can Maple-Syrup .75
1& rallon can Maple Syrup .40
1 irallon can N. O. Molasses..... 75
Vi rallon can X. O. Molasses 40
S5c die Malted Milk.... ~ .50
Imported Queen Oil vrs. ¦ large bottl«.. . .20:
Ealinas Burb&nk Potatoes, box .75
Santa Bosa Ranch Ergs, dozen * .35
4-lb. can M. * J. Coffee 75 ;
3 tnree-Ib. cans Table Peaches...... • .25
8 three-lb. cans Table Apricots .25
3 three-lb. cans Table Pears.... .25
Scans Baltimore Oysters 45
SOc Tea, all kinds, lb • .45
60c grade Teas, all kinds, lb .30
6 bars Ammonia Borax Soap .25
SI bottle Vanilla or Lemon Extract.. .50
Pure Olive Oil. pints S5c. quarts.... MS
4 cans Peep Red Salmon .:{.%
10 bar* Fine Toilet Soap 15
Ptrand can Granulated Chocolate .20
3 cans Beet Creams .25
3 thre«-lb. cans Finest Strlngless
Beans «35
Baltimore Bourbon Whisky, gallon... 1.75
Good grade Kentucky Whifky 1JSO
Malt Whisky. Gin. Brandy, each.bot. JHO
McBrayer, Old Crow. Hermitage, bot. .«O
Rock and Rye or Jamaica Rum, bot. , .50
Whisky Cocktails or Vermouth, bot. .50
Fre« delivery to all pttrtof city and
»uburbs. Freight prepaid 100 miles dis-
tance.
(049 Market St., Bet. Sixth and Seventh
Opposite Jones or Hlbernla Bank.
Phone. South SH. - ¦
ADVEBTISE2CEXTS.
SEALSKIN
..JACKETS..
To Order And Up
Artistic workmanship and per-
fect fit guaranteed.
Remodeling, repairing and dye- *
ing at short notice.
...POPULAR PRICES...
siberianTur go,
Incorporated
"JSZ* FURRIERS
% AD. KOCOUR, Manager
Formerly cutter with Revillon Freret,
Faris. London. New York.
12! POST STREET, Rooms 7 to II
SAN FRANCISCO
f EXPERT OPTICIANS.
HAKE OCULIST'S Y\l
' Prescription
EYE GLASSES \4
At Moderate Cost. Lj
ADVERTISEMENTS.
BDWEN
& CQ»
In New York ware-house we
carry a complete stock of
Vista del Valle
wines
Sierra Madre
• olive oil.
Shipment made your eastern
friends promptly
Monday Tuesday Wednesday
Tub butter 27^c
Sweet— good — reg'ly 30c lb.
Tea— reg'ly 50c Ib, 40C
Including "Bee" brand 2 lbs 75 C
Ceylon — last sale this y*ar— buy plenty
Coffee— Pasha -. 30C
reg'ly 35c lb 2 lbs 55C
Getting more popular because so good
Malaga raisins— mammoth '
pec a n s — walnuts— 1 1 a 1 i a n
chestnuts— glace citron-
Pineapple— Hawaiian 20C
Sliced— reg'ly 25c l x / 2 lb can , '
Pate de foies gras 20c
Brillat— French— T eg>iy 25c can
LEBKOeHEN
(German honey cake)— Made in
Niirnberg— 16 varieties.
Anchovies, in oil— Frmeh - 25c
reg'ly 30c bottle
Lucca oil : 50c
Sublime— regl'y 60c qt bottle
Ripe Olives— reg'ly 30c qt 25C
Cleaned currants-crystal 1 ized
f ruits— Bar Le Due currants.
Pirnientos morrones \ 20c
Spanish sweet peppers—
¦reg'ly 25c can ¦:_
Prunes— Italian 3 lbs 25c
reg'ly 10c lb— tart fruit
Mince-meat— Smyrna figs—
m a r r ons g la c e — p 1 u m
pudding— seeded ra i s i n s— •
Garmel soap— Made of euve.oii 50c
reg'ly 60c box 6 cakes
Greme - Mealy s— reg'iy 25c tube 20c
. Vee-o-lay— vegetable oil only
Huy ler's c o n f e c t i o n s—
cranberry sauce— jel ly— sage
c h e e se— Bismarck herrings
—salted almonds — salted
pecans--hickory nuts, v
Chafingtdish v ' $4^15
All nickel improved regulating lamp r -.- ~
3-pint size— for Christmas gift—
•¦ reg'ly JS.50 .;'_
0DLDBERJ3
BDWEN
pt CO
BON BONS
For fun— for dinner favors
Holiday wines— liquors
Scotch and Irish whiskies
«
reg'ly
Highland club-Scotch \ .
Killycroy-/r*A ] $l 85c
Caledonian— Scotch $1.35 1.15
Highland Nectar •• : i.sb 1.20
Whisky— old stock $1.1S
High grade Kentucky Bourbon— 4.50
reg'ly'Sl.SO bottle— $6 gallon
Cognac—/*. o: : P r $1.15
Hennessy— French— our bottling— 4.50
reg'iy $1.50 bottle— %b gallon
Gin— Wynand Fockink $1.25
Stone jug or black boitle —
Porter-ale— °Whiu Label $2
Health tonic— reg'ly $2— $2.25 dozen
Ginger-ale— Belfast $1.35
Cochrane & Co.— reg'ly $1.50 doz
Cherries in marasquin 50c
, For punch — cocktails-
dessert flavoring — reg'ly 55c qt bottle
Souffle dishes — csniy boxes
souvenir boxes glace fruit__
CIGARS ~~
They're a luxury. You smoke
for pleasure, generally, at . your
leisure, when you* can criticise.
That's why we're so particular.
Our | Havana made cigars are by
the factories where quality of
tobacco, fi leness of workmanship
and pride in the result turn out the
highest grade cigars in the world.
jFlor del Fumar.
i uncn
Romeo y Jul'e'a
Telephone
Two private exchanges—
one *at ; Pine;^ one at Sutter
street store. V: . ; .
v ,Twenty trunk lines— forty
telephones.
Orders takenby experienced
salesmen wh > know the price,
and what to ?say.
The California and Devisa-
dero store is West 101. Main
1 is Oakland's number.
432 PINE 232 SUITER
2819 California 8ani Franolsoo
13th and Clay Streets Oakland