The San Francisco Call
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
SAN FRANCISCO. WEDNESDAY; DECEMBER 23, 1903.
TWO "CAPTAINS.OF INDUSTRT" WHOSE NAMES ARE PROMINENT
LY TO THE FORE IN THE REVELATIONS CONCERNING THE
COMBINE OF AMERICAN SHIPYARDS.
J^TOr in years has Wall street been stirred as it is at present
J> ? over the publication of correspondence New ¦
York and Paris relative to -the promotion and. underwriting of
the shipbuilding trust. Letters and telegrams showing the ex
treme^ to wkich financiers of zvorld-unde note went to bolster itj>'
the tottering trust, at the expense of French capitalists,'- have
been published. Some of these missives and messages are ex
ceedingly frank and zvill prove interesting reading for mon-,
eyed men of Europe who zver e induced I to 'put their faith in the ¦
word of Wall-street- promoters.- • ¦¦¦¦;•„ "•'"."
Continued on ' Page 2, Column 2.
"MENOMINEE.. Mich.; Dec. 22.—
Fire to T day i caused | twelve i persons to
jump from the : second-story : windows
of .the Travelers';. Home, ja.small hotel.'
The thirteenth guest,- James Beatty,
was found* dead " in ! the ruins. Joseph
Vorschek/was fatally burned and three
others 'were seriously hurt.' .
Hotel Guest Perishes In a Fire.
Refusal to Pay Bill Provokes Murder.
¦ HELENA; Mont, Dec. 22.— Charles
Hillson, aged 30 years, was shot and
killed by Mattie Lee at PhllHpsburg
to-day. | The j woman • claimed Hillson
bwedher a small sum of money. When
Hillson^ref used' to pay her she shot
him: -- ' '¦¦ ¦ .• .v: >¦:>:¦ \ i ..--•-.
LINCOLN, Nebr.. Dec. 22. — Clayton
S. Deeter, an escaped insane inmate of
'the Grand Island Soldiers' Home, arm
ed with a huge papcrknife, succeeded
in getting into Governor Mickey's pri
vate office to-day. Brandishing hl3
weapon, he decla/ed that Senator
Dietrich, now under indictment for
bribery, was innocent and compelled
the Governor to express the same view.
Governor Mickey .was agreeing to
everything the Insane man declared
when Capitol employes rushed In and
overpowered the man, ¦
Brandishes Large Knife and Compels
Executive to Express His Belief In
• Innocence of Senator Dietrich.
INSANE MAN PAYS VISTT
TO GOVERNOR OF NEBRASKA
BENNINGTON. Vt., Dec. 22.— Mrs.
Mary' A. Rogers was to-day, found
guilty! of murder in the first degree
for the killing of her husband, Marcus
H. Rogers, August 12, 1902. The ver
djet carried the death "penalty. -
Mrs. Rogers met her husband, from
whom" she was separated, on pretense
of effecting a reconciliation, and, as
sisted : by Leon Perham and Stella
Bates," gave him chloroform. The
body was then thrown in the river.
Love; for another.man and a desire to
get her husband's life insurance were
the alleged motives. ' i
Gives Him Chloroform and With the
Assistance of Friends Throws His
Body Into a River.
WOMAN* IS CONVICTED
OF KILLING HER HUSBAND
ALEXANDRETTA, Syria* Dec. 22.—
Attarian, the naturalized American,
whose arrest by the Turkish authorities
caused United States Consul . Davis to
leave Alexandretta, has been liberated.
The Governor /of Alexandretta ¦ to-day
made an official call upon United States
Consul Davis and formally apologized
for the indignities suffered^by the Con
sul.- ¦:>. '.--• — .¦ -\ •¦ •¦¦¦-¦ ¦/ ¦ ' ;-,-,•;
Ottoman Governor Apologizes.
i • - ¦
present price will go to $10 before many
days have passed, which means a. loss
to the mills engaged in exporting of
$1,000,000 annually. At present there Is
an overproduction In the northern mills
and the foreign markets are reported to
be well supplied, a condition which does
not augur well for the future, so far
as millmen are concerned.
Among a number of expert agents it
is thought that the breaking up of the
combine will hasten the Weyerhaeusers
and several other of the more prom
inent millmen In the northwost in car
rying out their frequently made threats
to put a number of vessels in the Pa
cific Ocean trade and cut and slash
prices wherever trade warrants a re
duction. \ -\ , ¦ t
OMAHA, Nebr., Dec. 22. — W. T.
Sherman-Doyle, general counsel for a
Washington (D. C.) corporation, was
robbed of $750 In a sleeping car to
day between Council Bluffs and
Omaha. Sherman-Doyle was en route
to the Pacific Coast. He believes the
money was taken from his pocket by
three men who jostled him.
Traveler Is Robbed in Sleeping Car.
NEW YORK, Dec. 22.— The funeral
of Frederic R. Coudert, who died \n
Washington last Sunday, was held
from St. Patrick's Cathedral here to
day. Delegations representing busi
ness institutions, clubs and colleges,
with which Coudert was identified dur
ing his lifetime, were present. Low
mass was celebrated by Father La
velle and the final absolution was
given by Archbishop Farley.
Funeral of Frederic R. Coudcrt.
Finally, the • situation apparently
had been explained to the satisfaction
of every one and preparations were
made for the fiTSt call upon the under
writers on July 23 for 25 per cent of
the subscription, to be followed by
the second, payable on August 1, for
the same amount.
Then came; the exciting portion of
the correspondence. ' The banking
house of Morgan, Harjes &. Co. had
been selected to receive payments, to
be cabled at j once to the Mercantile
Trust Company of Nw York, but the
subscribers had not come forward on
July 25. to,.whlch day the payments
had been; postponed,' and on July. '28
a letter stated that Alexander . had
changed his tone , with . regard • to the
situation. The writer is quoted: . s ;
: "While it may be , true 'that these
underwriters were not treated proper
ly by Young in leaving them under
the, impression for so long a time that
all .the bonds had 'been sold, ; yet that
hasj.been well, atoned ' for by "the pa
tience and 5 care with which we have in
the last 'week given explanation a'fteh
explanation - to all parties. They are
now air In" default' from'the 25th and
I* have ;told Oppenheimno -notify each'
one that "his^'individual liability, in'
case "that money, is not in' New,. York
in time to make the payment,' will not
cial responsibility, of those whose sig
natures had been obtained in Paris to
the underwriting agreement; which
was then in [the care of the Bank de
Roma. . Baron .Calvet Rognlat and M.
Schreyer, a banker, were the heaviest
subscribers. While both were :much
disappointed over the misunderstand
ing as. to the success of the underwrit
ing here, they were said to stand ready
to pay their share. V
The alleged correspondence . began
on July 15, 1902,- and ,. in the early
stages revolved largely around the in
vestigation set on foot as to the finan-
NEW YORK,. Dec. 22.— Letters' and
cablegrams which are alleged to have
passed between New York and Paris
in connection with the United States
Shipbuilding underwriting -, placed in
the French -capital were; published to
day by the World. Reference to these
communications was made recently in
the shipbuilding hearings before
United States Special Examiner "R. D.
Olfphant, while Charles B. Alexander
of the firm of Alexander & Green, at
torneys, was_undergoing examination.
The letters, which were kept secret by
agreement of counsel, were said to
show what methods had been pursued
in order to compel the French • in
vestors to meet the calls for money on
their underwriting after they had been
given to understand, through a cable
gram sent by the Trust Company of
the Republic to its agent, John W.
Young, that the underwriting was a
success. This dispatch gave, them the
idea that they only, need stand. ready,
to receive their profits as members of
the underwriting syndicate. " -
. Charles B. Alexander happened s to
be In Paris at the time and to him fell
the duty of removing the false impres
sion and holding the signers of the
subscription list g to their-- agreement^
His firm is counsellor the trust.com
pany here, which had charge of the
underwriting, and the communica
tions, which fill several columns of the
World," are' alleged to have passed be
tween Alexander and his firmi in this
city. ; : :: -'':?. '¦-*';•¦:
UNDE.H WRITERS DEFAULT.
NEW-YORK, Dec. 22.— A decree set
tling the second judicial accounting
of the executors and trustees of the
Austin Corbin estate has been entered
by the Surrorate of Suffolk County,
Long Island. Litigation instituted by
one of the late railroad magnate's
daughters has, according to the report,
greatly depleted the estate. When first
appraised in 1897 the personal holdings
were valued at $4,500,000. Now there
is shown to be a cash balance of only
$290,000 and realty worth about $1,500,
000. In, June, 1901, the accounting filed
showed that the executors were
charged with $2,477,000. However, there
instill considerable real estate not In
cluded in the report. The struggle over
•a divison of the estate has not yet been
concluded.
Railroad Magnate's Will Shows
Great Shrinkage in Assets.
Report Filed by Executors of Late
LITIGATION DEPLETES
AUSTIN CORBIN'S ESTATE
SALT LAKE. Dec. 22.— An epidemic
of smallpox Is raging in Cache and
Boxelder" counties in the northern por
tion of this State and the medical au
thorities in the affefcted districts have
appealed to the State Board of Health
to establish a quarantine. The rapid
spread of 'the disease Is said to be the
result of numerous dances held recently
which were attended by persons suffer
ing from the contagion.
In Boxelder County seventy-seven
cases have already been reported, the
little town of Mantau alone having
forty-nine cases -within its borders.
In Cache County the scourge, while
widespread, has not as yet assumed
such a serious aspect as in the adjoin
ing county.
The disease is of a comparatively
mild form and no deaths from it have
yet been reported.
Authorities in Affected District Appeal
to State Board of Health to Estab
lish a 'Quarantine.
EPIDEMIC OF SMALLPOX
RAGING IX NORTHERN UTAH
. Married men injured will. receive $1
daily, while. idle, and single men will
get 75 .cents, and children under ,16
will receive 10 cents daily. .In case an
employe is killed while at -work $500
will- be given to his family, .while $100
will go to the family of any child un
der 16 who meets death while at work.
Certificates of ' appointed physicians
wiy be necessary to obtain the payment
of Injury, and death claims.
'NEWCASTLE, Pa., Dec. 22.— It has
just been announced at the local of
fices of the. Carnegie Steel Company
that - Andrew Carnegie has set apart
$1,000,000, the interest upon which is to
form a perpetual fund to relieve work
men injured in the Carnegie plants and
to aid the heirs of those killed while at
wdrk. j. -
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Interest on $4,000,
000 for Injured
• Toilers. •
MANILA. Dec. 22. — James F. Smith,
of the Philippine Commission, in an in
terview for The Call to-day, took the
part of Benito Legarda, one of the
native members of the commission,
who was charged with grave offenses
by a woman. He said Legarda would
rank with American statesmen in
morality, but admitted that there was
a lower standard of morality among
the Filipinos than among Americans.
The Legarda case has been referred
to Governor Taft by President Roose
velt. Governor Taft has taken no
action.
Has Been Accused In Cabled
Charges.
Defends Filipino Commissioner "Who
JA3IES F. SMITH SAYS
LEGARDA IS EVNOCENT
WASHINGTON, Dec. 22.— Officers of
the army are endeavoring to find Sec
ond Lieutenant Floyd C. Miller of the
First Infantry, who, while engaged
with troops on guard over the tomb of
President McKinley in the Westlawn
Cemetery, near Canton, Ohio, disap
peared on the 4th inst. and has not
been seen or heard from since. _ There
is no known reason for his conduct.
Lieutenant Miller is a native of Ohio,
and was an ordinary seaman in the
navy from May 31 to August 51, 1S93.
In September. 1S99, he enlisted U3 a
private in the Sixteenth Infantry and
showed such proficiency that he was
commissioned as a second lieutenant.
Disappears- While Engaged With
Troops on Guard Over the Tomb of
the Late President McKinley.
AR3IY OFFICERS SEARCHING
FOR A MISSING LIEUTENANT
CARNEGIE'S
FUND FOR
WORKMEN
The ordpr was signed on the applica
tion of Charles L. Corbin. representing
the Land Title and Trust Company ot
Philadelphia, and A. J. Weiderstein of
Philadelphia, of counsel representing
the receiver. The purpose is to pro
ceed for the benefit of the creditors,
namely, the holders of Asphalt Com
pany of America collateral trust goid
certificates. As the insolvent National
Asphalt Company is the registered
owner of most of the stock, the bulk
of the money "resulting from this action
is calculated to go into the pockets of
the multitude of lawyers interested in
the, complicated affair.
Other than the National Asphalt
Company, there are a dozen stockhold
ers of record 5n the Asphalt Company
of America. Incidentally, they may be
sued.
In addition to the $24,000,000, the re
ceiver expects to realize about $2,600,
000 through suiis against promoters of
the trust on account of alleged peculiar
stock manipulations.
NEW YORK. Dec. 22.— Stockholders
in the insolvent Asphalt Company of
America were informed to-day that tbe
receiver may levy upon them an as
sessment of $24,000,030 for their unpaid
liability of SO per cent of the capital
stock. This is said to be the largest
levy of the kind ever made possible
by similar court procedure.
After listening to heated argument?
by interested parties all day, Judge
Kirkpatrick, sitting in the Federal
Circuit Court in Newark. N. J., signed
an order directing Henry Tatnall, re
ceiver of the Asphalt Company of
America, to levy this assessment on all
stockholders cf record.
!?p»cia! Dispatch to Th« Call
TOLEDO, Ohio, Dec. 22.— Infirmary
Superintendent Farmer has just been
appointed guardian of Mary and Or
son Greeley, two inmates of the Coun
ty Infirmary of Wood County.
A few years ago Orson and Mary
Greeley and their brother, Louis Gree
ley, were admitted to this institution.
All were weak-minded and were pau
pers of the aggravated sort.
Louis died some time ago. Then it
was discovered that the Greeleys had
once been related to persons in 'Staf
ford County, Kansas, and Superinten
dent Farmer wrote to the Probate
Judge. He ascertained after much cor
respondence that his charges were not
onlj» cousins of the late Horace Gree
ley, of newspaper fame, but that for
many years past lhey* had been sole
heirs to a great and unclaimed estate
in Kansas.
Mary and Orson, when told of their
Kansas wealth, evidenced no surprise
or joy, failing to comprehend that they
were able to b"uy the place where they
lived and the extensive farms which
surround it.
Superintendent Farmer made appli
cation and has been appointed their
guardian. He will look up the estate
and straighten out their affairs.
Orson Greeley is said to bear a re
markable resemblance to Horace
Greeley. Both Orson and Mary are of
great age.
Special Qispatch to Th« Call.
Peculiar Stock Manipulations Will Be
Alleged in Suits to Be Brought
Against Promoters.
Aged and Feeble-Minded, They Fail
. to Realize the Good Fortune That
Eas Come to Them.
"Whether Mr. Root canbs Induced
to serve is a serious question. By the
time he leaves the War Department he
will have served four and a half years,
and during that . period he has lost
virtually all of his income as a lawyer,
which amounted during the later years
of his practice to something like a hun
dred thousand dollars a year. Mr. Root
is neither rich nor poor and hs has
felt that he could not go on. indefinitely
making a sacrifice of such large pro
portions." " _
"Mr. Root believes in conducting a
national campaign without the use of
as much money a3 has been employed
in the past. He believes the amount
of money utilized in recent campaigns
came very near constituting a national
scandal. If he consents to serve he
will insist upon reformation in this
respect.
CHICAGO. Dec. 22.— The Record-
Herald's Washington correspondent
telegraphs:
"Senator Hanna has formally and
finally declined to serve as chairman
of the Republican National Committee
after the expiration of his term, which
will be when the national convention
meets at Chicago in June.
'•President Roosevelt has offered
Ellhu Root the chairmanship of the
National Committee. Mr. Root has
taken the matter under consideration.
Though at the present moment Mr.
Root is much inclined to adhere
strictly to his determination to retire
wholly from active political life. a3
well as from public life, and to devote
his entire time to the practice of law
in New York City, there i3 still a pos
sibility that President Roosevelt will
be able to induce him to consent to
serve as national chairman and as the
manager of next year's campaign.
"The President and Secretary Root
have had several conferences on the
subject since the President was re
cently placed in possession of Senator
Haana's final and definite declination
to continue in office. Only this after
noon the President and his War Secre
tary had another talk on the subject
without coming to a final conclusion.
"If Mr. Root shall in the 2nd decline
to serve then former Governor Murray
Crane of Massachusetts will be the
head of the national Republican or
ganization. He has consented to take
the post if the President cannot find
any one else.
"Mr. Hanna has reached the point
where he feels it his duty to take most
excellent care of his health. He feels,
besides, that he has done his full share
of work for the party.
Special Dispatch to The CalL
BIG LOSS TO PRODUCERS.
During the past two years, or within
>the life of the existing aj^recrnent, the
Export business has amounted to an
iinnual output of 250,000,000 feet, which
is figured at a basis rate of $14 a thou
tar.d. With the abandonment of the
producers' agreement it is expected
that there will be a lively cutting in
fates, and lumbermen predict that the
the entire coast. He predicted that bit
j>\er competition would follow the break
ing up of the organization and that a
cutting of prices would prove disas
trous to the producers.
The insinuation was also thrown out
that a certain local lumber representa
tive had been guilty of a serious viola
tion of the organization's rules in
secretly cutting the established prices
and filling orders in foreign markets for
Fix months ahead. When th» meeting
adjourned it was apparent that Mc-
Cormick and his associates were angry
and they did not attempt to conceal the
fact when they Btarted for Portland on
last evening's train.
It was stated by a prominent mem
ber of the Pacific Coast lumbermen
last evening that the breaking up of
the export trade compact had been
planned for some time. A number of t
local firms, which had previously been
lo>a! to the organization, had lately
arrived at the conclusion that they had
developed a large business abroad and \
could carry it along without the aid
cf a combine. Hence their Indifference
to the proposed renewal of the coast
mi'lm^n's agreement.
an agreement would not be reached
and before the meeting had progressed
far a bitter feeling was demonstrating
itself. It was plain that some motive
other than the objection mad<; in the
north to the prorating clajisp was a
predominating influence and the mem
bers from Portland did not hesitate to
suggeEt this fact. Finally, realizing
that all efforts toward peace were use
less, McCormick and his associates left
the meeting, but not before McCormick
had warned the millmen that their
stand may result in the complete de
moralization of the lumber interests of
BITTER FEELING AROUSED.
From the start it was evident that
districts where the supply was unequal
to the demand, without subjecting
them to penalties, and it was upon this
question that the members /ailed to
agree. Finally it was decided that a
committee should be sent to this city
to confer with thr local export agents,
with the hope of bringing about a set
tlement of the differences, and R. L.
McCormick. representing the Weyer
haeusers: Richard Alexander of the Co
lumbia River mills and D. E. Skinner
were delegated for the task. These gen
tlemen arrived here Monday and early
yesterday a meeting was called and
lasted throughout the day.
There were present besides the dele
pates from Portland E. K. Wood of E.
K. Wood & Co.. A. A. Baxter of the
Bellingham Bay Improvement Com
pany. W* **• Talbnt of Pope & Talbot.
William Kendrick of Adams & Co., and
F. C. Slade of the Slade Lumber Com
pany.
of export nusiness. One ciause in the
ajrre^ment provided that a. producer.
rj' v f»d!r.g the output apportioned to
him by the organization, should forfeit
the profit derived from the excess.
CONFERENCE PROCEEDS.
It was demanded by the millmen
from this Stat» that this clause should
be reconstructed so as to permit-mill
men to exceed their quota in certain
ness is concerned, will suffer a severe
| blow, for a maintenance of the present
prices cannot be hoped for and it is
estimated that the threatened competi
tion that will naturally follow will
mean a loss of about $1,000,003 a year
to the producers along the coast.
The conference held yesterday was
the result of a disagreement of the
millmen in Portland last week, when
a meeting of the members of the organ
isation was held for the purpose of re
newing the agreement that had bound
th«» millmen together for two years. The
California representatives that attend
ed the Portland meeting refused to sign
a new yearly agreement unless certain
modifications were made in the rules of
the association regarding the prorating j
the coast, in so far as the exoort busi-
The Pacific Coast Lumbermen, an or
ganization that for two years has con
trolled the export lumber trade of the
entire coast, went to pieces' yesterday
afternoon after several hours' confer
ence In this city of a number of the
representatives of the leading millmen
of California, Oregon and Washington.
As a result of the dissolution of the
organization the lumber interests of
Strife Threatens to Reduw Income
of Combination by a Million
Dollajs a Year.
Are Long Missing Heirs to
• a Large Estate in
Kansas.
Court Directs That They Be
Assessed lor Unpaid
Liabilities.
Cabinef Minister Will Serve if No
Other Suitable Man Can Be Found
for the Place, r -
Receives Obfo Senator's De
clination to Continue
as Chairman.
Asphalt Trust Stock
holders Must Pay
$24,000,000.
Cousins o! Horace
Greeley Found in
Infirmary.
California Millmen
Will Not Renew
Agreement,
Efforts to Adjust ¦ Differ
ences at Local Ccn
lerence Fail.
PresidentWantsWar
Secretary to Suc
ceed Hanna.
RECEIVER
WILL LEVY
ON SHARES
ASKS ROOT
TO MAGE
CAMPAIGN
POORHOUSE
WARDS ARE
MADE RICH
SHIPBUILDING TRUST CORRESPONDENCE REVEALS
THE ASTOUNDING METHODS OF THE PROMOTERS
French Capitql*
isis Lured by
Falsehood.
Deceived as to the
Condition of *
Combine.
LUMBERMEN
WILL WAGE
BITTER I AR
Alcisar— "Blue Jeani."
California — "Poxy Grandpa."
Central— "Alpnonse and Oaston."
Columbia— "Dcll7 Varies."
riscnex's— "2.O. TJ>
Grand— "A Little Ontcait."
Orphetun— Vaudeville.
The Chutes— Vaudeville.
IBS THEAT2SS.
VOLUME XCV— XO. 23.
TBS WEATEEB.
Porecast made at Ean rraacit
co for 30 houri ending 1 midalrtt,
December 23:
*** Jfraaciico aad vicinity—
Tair Wednesday; Ugh\ northerly
winds, a. O. KcADDB.
District Forecattur.- The town of Crowley, Tex.,, is the
center of tharice'industry of 1 the Unit-*
ed States. It is surrounded by over
200,000 acres of fertile fields, from
which over 1,000,000 bags rice are
now marketed annually, at a Valuation
of over $3,000,000 ; • ,
NEW YORK, Dec. 22.— Charles M/
Schwab to-day filed his answer to th«
cross bill of the United States Ship
building Company and James Smith
Jr., its receiver, in the United States
Circuit Court. The case is that of the
company^' and its receiver against, the
New -York Security and Trust • Com
pany and 'Schwab. o ¦ . ' '
..Schwab lakes up the* various allega
tions and charges of the, cross bill and
says: ' :; ¦r.T
"l deny -that I .was ever or became
one of the promoters of the shipbuild
ing company, or that. I and a number.
of persons associated with me acquired
the capital stock of the Bethlehem
Steel Company, as averred In said cross
bllL"
Emphatic denial is made .that. he ever
Files Answer to the Cross Bill of
Shipyard Trust's Receiver. '
SCHWAB DENIES ALL CHARGES.
Newman Shebina and Ethel Penny,
who were shot on Dupont street by
Dan O'Hare, who -ended his own life
after the shooting, are in a fair way
toward recovery.- Shebina. left the hos
pital yesterday afternoon and Ethel
Penny is doing as well as the. doctors
could wish. Dr. Murphy is of r the
opinion that the bullet did; not enter
her body, but glanced along a rib.
O'Hare's .Victims Doing Well.
. WASHINGTON. Dec. 22.— Postmasters com
missioned: California — Samuel W. Metcalf, SIs
sbn. Fourth-class postmasters appointed: Cali
fornia — Mary 1. Syme, French Gulch, Shasta
County, vice Hattie L. Hubbard, reilgnnd.
Army orders — First Lieutenant Charles WY
Farr, assistant surgeon, goes from Fort Reno,
Okla., to Fort Maeon, Cal. 1,
Contract Surgeon James B. Paseoe, now at
San Francisco, is ordered to the Philippines.
The following patents were . lrsued to-day:
California — Graham E." Babcock, Coronado,
brake; Reuben C. Baker, 'Caalinga, coaling: bin;
Walter J. Bell, assignor onivhalf to L. F. Moss.
Los Angeles, street railway switching mechan
ism; Henry C. Black, San Francisco, can body
forming and seaming machine; James L. Boyle
and J(. Ebrett, Los Angeles, assignor to Boyle,*
machine for perforating cylinders; same, pro
ducing, cylindrical bodies; Fred E. Caton, as
signor to Caton's Foundry* and: Machine Co.,
San Jose, clod crusher; Earle E. Shapman, as
signor to Standard -Bottle Closure Co., Los
Angeles, closure; Warner S. G. •Harris, as
signor one-half to J. Leavitt. San Luis Oblspo,
boiler alarm; Land an M. Hollingsworth, Presnj,
educational appliance; Adolph Kremer, Sacra
mento, decoy duck; "Willis- H. .Octrander.' San
Francisco, assignor by .mesne assignments to
Invention Promotion .Company,- lemon squeezer;
Henry Kymonils, Long: Beach, assignor by mesne
assignments to L.F. Kosler, Los Angeles,
icetylene gss generator; Lafayette Tarbell.
Los Angeles, pipe wrench.. . . . •
'¦, Oregon — James A, Gavitt, Pendleton, buckle.
" Washington — Thaddeus Ellis and G: H. Pur
vis. Lester, automatic track gauge; Horace 'A;
¦Middaugh. Seattle, means for discharging car
goes; Francis P. Skefflngton, 8pokane. pres
sure-retaining valve. . JOHHsmMHSMbM ¦
Several Changes Are Made in the
Postal Service and More Patents
Issued to Inventors.^
OF INTEREST TO PEOPLE
OF THE PACIFIC COAST
James D. Phelan, W. G. Stafford and
R. H. Fletcher.' constituting . a sub
committee of the general committee in
charge of the building of a monument
to the American navy in commemora
tion of Commodore Dewey's victory at
Manilla Bay, have issued a report cov
ering the labors of the general commit
tee and the consummation of its splen
did undertaking. • . >
In the report it is set forth that In
answer to the call of the committee,
corporations and citizens subscribed
the sum of (34,005 61 for the erection
of the Dewey monument, which, added
to the value of the work done by the
Park Commission in excavating the site
of the monument and foV concrete,
which is placed at $1632, but for which
no charge was made, brings the total
cost of the monument up to $35,537 51.
The report contains a list of subscrib
ers to, the .fund, a synopsis of the ex
penditures and a description of the
monvment.
The sub-committee in its report ex
pends tfianks to all who contributed
to the cause and to those that labored
to carry the plans of the general com
mittee to completion. . -
The general committee included tha
following named citizens,: .
. James D.. Phelan. chairman; Claus Spreck
ols vice chairman; Irving: M. Scott, 'vieo
chairman;' R. H. Fletcher, secretary :E. B.
Pond.- treasurer: F. W. Van Slcklen, Vander
lyn Stow, R. P. Sehwerin,- George D. Clark.
W O Stafford, E. W. Hopkins, C. L. Patton,
J D. Grant. I-eon Sloss, Joseph 8. Tobln. J.
B. Relnstein.H. G. Platt. Colonel C. H. Mur
phy, Charles Bundachu and Charles Hirsch.
COMMITTEE THAT ERECTED
DEWEY MOXUMEXT REPORTS
Better to be poor gold than the best
gilding.
Merchants' Association Addresses Let
ter to the Board of Works, Urging
the Adoption of Scheme.
The members of the Merchants' As
sociation have addresed a circular to
the Board of Public W6rks requesting
that body to consider the plan of hav
ing the streets cleaned and sprinkled
by thd city instead of letting the con
tracts out to various contractors. The
association asks that" the matter be
taken up and passed upon by the
board by the first of the year, when
the present contracts will expire.
The association argues that the work
can be done better and cheaper by the
city. The association urges that In
spectors and workmen be appointed
and all placed under civil service regu
lations so that" there may be no fight
over the award of patronage. The
matter will probably be taken up' and
discussed by ; the board at the next
meeting. "
"Dummit is a queer fellow," observed
the man with the incandescent whisk
ers. "What has he done?" asked the
inquisitive friend. "Wanted them to
get the Daughters of the Revolution to
aid in that agitation for merry-go
rcunds in the parks."— Baltimore Amer
ican. v
CITY SHOITLD CLEAN AND
SPRINKLE THE STREETS
Annie Wiley wants a divorce from
Walter B. Wiley on the grounds of
failure to provide and intemperance.
They were married in San Jose eleven
years ago. Suits for divorce were also
filed by Alice L. Aldis against H. W.
Aldis for desertion and L. Morris
against T. C. Morris for intemperance.
Joseph Ruiz, proprietor of the Tivoli
Theater, in Stockton, has been sued for
divorce by Lizzie Ruiz. Infidelity is
charged and Florence Shafer, who
•works in Ruiz's place, is named as co
reppondent.
Thomas S. Williams secured a di
vorce for desertion from Ellen E. Wil
liams in Judge Murasky's court yes
terday. Williams had been a benedict
less than a year when his wife left
him. He testified that the reason she
did so was because he had written to
a doctor with whom she persisted In
treating, despite his objections, and
told the physician he would not be re
pponsible for her bills. He repented of
his actions later and asked his wife to
return to him, but she refused. At the
time of the separation they were living
at the Pendleton. Williams, by stipula
tion, agreed to pay Mrs. Williams $68
a month alimony, with the understand
ing that she was not to consider it a
lien upon any property ne might ac
quire in the future.
Harel Gift was granted a divorce
from Frank Gift on the ground of in
fidelity by Judge Kerrigan. Proof of
Gift's wrongdoing -was secured by Mrs.
Gift by means of a private detective.
Judge SIofs granted Esther C. Mac-
Xamara'e prayer for divorce from
James Arthur MacNamara. He de
serted her.
Marriage Bonds Are Severed in Three
Cases — Stockton Couple Are
at Outs.
COURTS GRANT DIVORCE
*' TO UNHAPPY COUPLES
Schwab's Attorney Wants Some One
Punished for Giving Out Letters.
NEW YORK, Dec. 2\— The hearing in
the United States shipbuilding re
ceivership proceedings was continued
until to-morrow, because of the illness
of Counsel Untermeyer of the" suing
bondholders. Before the examiner an-'
nounced the ; adjournment • Guthrie,
counsel for Schwab and others, made
a statement .'regarding the publication
of^ the letters and telegrams that
passed between the firm of Alexander
& Green regarding the French under
writers. Guthrie said in part:
"I desire to call the examiner's at
tention to the publication in a news
paper in this^city this morning of the
letters,' telegrams and cables which
have been the, object* of examination
at several hearings, before ydu. •
"Those letters, telegrams and cable
grams were not exhibited in evidence
because Mr. Alexander felt constrained
to plead privilege and confidence, be
cause they were the private communi
cations from members of the firm in
relation to the private business . of
their , clients. Pending the ruflng of
the tiourt.on the question of admlssl
bllity of these communications, vl.lch
you said you would certify to the court,
and while these letters, telegrams and
cablegrams were claimed to be privi
leged/they. were furnished to^a news
paper and published this morning. We
understand this publication to be a
direct contempt of court, and that the
person guilty of causing. their publica
tion is guilty of a gross contempt.
We ask you, therefore, that at the next
hearing we may temporarily suspend
the taking of testimony of complain
ants' witnesses and take testimony as
to the person who gave publication to
these letters, , telegrams and cable
grams."
Wollman, associate counsel with
Samuel Untermyer, replied:
"If there is to be an insinuation that
Mr. Untermyer or myself had any
thing to do with giving publicity to
these communications, I here declare
that it is absolutely untrue. Neither
Mr. Untermyer nor I had anything to
do with giving out these letters. ¦ tele
grams and cablegrams to the' press.
Mr. Guthrie knows there are many
copies of them in existence and that
copies could easily be obtained. , I was
as much surprised at seeing them pub
lished this morning as Mr.. Guthrie
could have been."
! "I hope so, -^or the good name of
the bar," exclaimed Mr. Guthrie.
"You have done much in this case
against the good name of the bar, Mr.
Guthrie." replied Wollman. "Your
course has been reprehensible." I do
not know, nor do I care, what the law
Is, but the persons who gave these
communications to the press ought to
be punished. I do not object to Mr.
Guthriels insinuation when Mr. Guth
rie knows, as he does, how easy it is
to get these copies."
• Atter some further discussion be
tween counsel it was agreed they
should co-operate in an effort to learn
who gave out the communications in
question.
REVELATIOX ANGERS COUNSEL.
The Duke and Duchess of Rox
burghe will remain at Broxmouth
Park for a fortnight.
The tenants were introduced to .the
Duchess (formerly Miss May Goelet of
New York), by the T>uke, who deliv
ered a brief speech to the tenants and
to the Dunbar municipal officials,
thanking them for their reception.
Thousands of persons were gathered
outside the station, and they enthusi
astkally cheered the couple. As soon
as the Duke and Duchess entered, the
carriage the horses were unhitched
and the carriage was drawn by the
coast guardsmen, preceded by pipers,
to Broxmouth Park, the seat -of the
Roxburghes, which is two miles dis
ftant from Dunbar. The carriage was
lollowed by 200 torchbearers. "
The streets of Dunbar were gaily
decorated, and thousands cheerfed the
Duke and Duchess as they passed.
There was a grand display of fire
works in Dunbar and vicinity to-night.
EDINBURGH. Dec. 22. — The Duke
and Duchess of Roxburghe arrived at
Dunbar to-night and were given- a
magnificent reception. They were
met at the depot by' the provost and
the members of the Dunbar town
council, as v&n as by the tenants of
the Roxburgrhe'estate.» ; '
"Why, the chair, of course." |' "
NEW YORK. Dec. 22.— Frank H/
Burness, 44 years old, who shot and
killed Captain George B. Townsend of
the schooner Charles K. Buckley on
November 10, because Townsend would
not v pay him $6 30 which the prisoner
alleged to be due him, was convicted
to-day of murder in the- first degree.
The murderer, who admits having
killed three men besides Townsend, in
sisted that he did the deed with pre
meditation and in a full realization of
the consequences. Burness smiled
broadly when the jury was being polled.
Judge Crane said he. would sentence
Burness on Monday. : Burness then
asked the Judge if he would be permit
ted to say something. On being given
the privilege he said:
"There may be an Idea In the minds
of some of the jurors that I hold a
grudge against them for naving found
me guilty. I wish to say that I do not
feel in that way in the «lightest. and
all I can say is I wish them all a merry
Christmas." *. :-;''':
When asked\ what he thought would
be the result of his act he coolly re
plied:
"I only see one way out, of it."
"What is that?" ; '
CHICAGO, Dec. 22.— The' Liverymen's
Association at a meeting this after
noon decided that unless a peaceable
settlement- of the drivers* strike waa
reached to-morrow it would open for
business with non-union employes and
would appeal to ' the courts for an in
junction 7to prevent the strikers inter
fering in any manner with the driving
of carriages ;orj hearses. Word of the
injunction proposal reached the strikers
just as a \'ote.had been completed to
submit the^ issjies in the : . controversy
to arbitration and the action of . the
employers was bitterly criticized by
the men. No announcement of the re;
suit of the vote of the strikers was
made,- but the general impression was
that: arbitration had been accepted. .
At the time the men were voting on
the question of conciliation the mem
bers of 1 the Liverymen's Association
decided to submit the whole dispute to
arbitration/Rrovided 'that the strikers
took the inlTfative and that the demand
for '. a pe"aceable,-settlement came from
the men. In anticipation of the propo
sition being accepted by thenien a com
mittee .was appointed to- receive any
overtures that the union might be will
ing to make. The union officials were
immediately notified of v th-j decision
reached by the employers and the lat
ter, it is understood, will have a reply
ready to-morrow morning.
The first. "union label funeral" since
the strike began occurred to-day. ,The
funeral was arranged by Undertaker
G. M. Marks, the corpse being removed
in a "dead" wagon bearing the placard
proclaiming that the vehicle was owned
by an undertaker paying the -union
scale. The carriages containing the
mourners were similarly labeled.
The funeral of John J. Kelly was held
under cover of darkness on account of
the possibility of violence. The services
had been announced before the recall
o\S pickets last night. After simple home
services an undertaker's, wagon con
veyed the remains to a railroad depot,
from which the corpse was shipped to
St. Paul, Minn. • ¦ ¦ • .-
The body of Mrs. Catherine- Master
son, the mother of Rev. John Masterson,
was borne through, the streets to the
Church of the Holy Family on an un
der taker!s truck, which was used in
substitution for a hearse. Six pall
bearers walked bareheaded beside the
flower-strewn coffin, and following them
came a procession of mourners. -Fifty
carriages had been asked for, but none
were provided,' and more than 200 perr
sons were prevented attending the bu
rial^ j :' * . ; ¦;;¦ r ¦ , i
One*i of. many, other .funerals from
which hearses were withheld to-day
took place not far from the Masterson
hom% and led to the charge that liv
erymen had entered into a pool or com
bination to prevent the use of hearses
for bearing dead to the graves. After
engaging* a hearse for a funeral Un
dertaker Marks, who yesterday signed
union scale, was refused by a liv
ery owner, the use of the vehicle. For
two hours the funeral was delayed
while the mourners awaited a hearse.
When none 'could be had a "dead"
wagon was used. ' *
Distinguished Visitors* Are
Escorted to Their County
Seat by Enthusiastic Crowd
Assures Jurors That He Bears
Them No 111 Will and Wishes
Them a Merry Christmas
Liverymen's Association and
Former Employes Seem. Dis
posed to Resort to Arbitration
STREETS ARE DECORATED
ADMITS OTHER KILLINGS
PEACE IS IX PROSPECT
quick., ' BEATTY."
MacCook, the World says, was the
cable address of Alexander, and. Green
and Beatty was Alexander's Paris ..ca
ble address.
"I saw Harjes, who said that he had
very much prejudice against the af
fair since seeing Young. I became very
indignant and said that I had not in
troduced Young; that he was a mere
promoter, such as Mr.—Morgan con
stantly used in New York; said Rog
niat was the man, and ' that Rogniat
told me this very day he would pay up
the entire call, irrespective of whether
there were any defaults."
WANTS A "CORDIAL" MESSAGE.
In the correspondence is included the
following cablegram:
"PARIS, July 28, 1902.— MacCook,
New York: Have Morgans wire Har
jes. Take cordial view of affair. . Say
properties valuable, personnel tina.
Rogniat just told me will pay for un
derwriters who may default, but wants
those paying Harjes encouraged. Hav«'
read riot act Harjes to-day. Report
"I have caused it to be known that
a leading English banker has told zr\e
that I would get $1,000,000 In twenty
four hours— which Is true, of course."
Another passage in this letter Bays:
"I get down here every morning at
9 o'clock and am here^as late at 6:30.- I
drive these men with all the energy
which Mr. Hyde might have shown In
the early days of the Equitable, ami
they drive, I am bound to say, very
well. I am delighted with the Oppen
heims. I have yet to find them fall in
being absolutely true and accurate. I
am glad to hear they are getting out
of their trouble, and that they are like
ly to receive, now that the British are
on tick, about $750,000." ..
YOUNG A "MERE PROMOTER."
A letter dated July 28 sets forth that
the situation had changed, and that
the writer had notified Oppenhelm that
all the French investors would be held
to their individual liability. A post
script to this letter reads thus:
"P. S.-~S!nce writing the above Rog
nlat (one of the underwriters) came in
in a great etate of excitement and said
that he had been to see -Harjes and
asked whether they knew- anything
cboutthe business; that he was accom
panied by a man who spoke English
and he listened; # that the cashier did
everything he could to speak badly
nbout the business, and said there were
no quotations for the securities in New
York, and that they did not want io
have anything to do with it, although
they would receive the .money for it.
Rogniat was very indignant and came
to me.
"I hear he has $1,000,000 belonging to
one old woman to invest at his discre
tion." , . .
"'"In this same letter there is also this
statement: . -. y . 9
"I got a pledge from -the Drexels
that everything good should be said of
the enterprise." /
One of the French underwriters Was
named Schreyer, and the following
reference was made to him in one of
the letters:
; The letter criticized severely, in, a
I; postscript, the Impressions said to have
been thrown out by "the younger Har
;Jes, who was reported to be very much'
I prejudiced against the whole affalr r «and
: it was said by the cashier that
: there was no market in New York- for
;the bonds. The writer addsrthat he
; saw Harjes' at once and threatened to
;turn.'i the., account over to the Credit
Lyonafse, and .thereupon Harjes agree'd
; to tell. everything good. he could about
the personnel of the company 'and the
affair^ Efforts through other- sources
!a.lso were made, according to 'letters
! and \eablegrams quoted, to counteract
J the. effect of. various reports circulated
, as 'to the impending collapse . of the
: underwriting scheme in New York.
L In, one of the letters ¦ from! Paris .ad
dressed to Alexander. '&¦ Green, Alex
lander is quote.d as follows: ' V
! "I constantly gay to all parties that
, nothing- can be.done in the way of as
: sisting {he underwriters here to dispose
I of their bonds unless they frankly come
forward, .when * notified,, acknowledge
; their liability and. make their first pay
; ment, when' all'. hands .\yillMinlte:ln»en
ideavoring to sell. any bonds they may
i wish to dispose of. . ,- '." t ¦, ¦':. . .
"The Vloomtesse Dandiprnea sat by
; me. at dinner last -night. She had some
of Union Iron .Works stock and
had Just' telegraphed refusing to' sell it
except for a higher price. I think I
persuaded her. that it would be good
Judgment' not to stand, but I suggested
to her that, perhaps, Scott would make
her an -offer in the securities of the new
company which will be good enough to
be attractive, as one of her difficulties
is the.. trouble of investing the money
ehe may receive."
TELLS OF PLEDGE BY' MORGAN.
In another letter, dated July 11, 1902,
signed by Alexander, the statement is
made that in- investigating the Bank
de Roma the writer learned that the
Pope had $6,000,000 in that bank; that
he had a similar sum with the Roths
childs and about the same amount in
England.
According to the "World, "Drexels"
was used in the correspondence to rep
resent Morgan, Harjes & Co., and in
one of the letters credited to Alexander
appears the following:
be limited to ithe amount of his se
curitlEsrlMit that there will be conse
quential damages to every party con
nected with the affair."
"" BRINGS HARJES TO TIME.
Citizens and 3Iembers of Town
Council of Dunbar Give the
Roxburghes Grand Reception
Ghicago Funeral .. Processions
Are Placarded to Prevent
Violence on Part of Strikers
conceived any scheme of transferring
to the shipbuilding company the stock
of the Bethlehem company at an ex
cessive rate or upon conditions permit
ting him or his associates to control
the shipbuilding company or to absorb,
for his benefit, 'Jalfof its property and
assets, to the injury of its creditors
and of its bona -fide bondholders and
.stockholders, or otherwise."
Schwab denies "that he ever made any
false representations regarding the
; Bethlehem Steel Company and denies
that his stock; on July 31; 1902, was not;
worth to exceed $7,500,000. •
Schwab repudiates any' connection
with .John V\V. young and says he never
caused the latter to' propose to .the
shipbuilding directors to transfer 300,
000 shares of Bethlehem stock, and $10,
(K)0,000 each' of bonds, preferred and
commo/i : stock ; of the shipbuilding
: Heeays:' v ¦ ;
'¦ I "I. admit that I am the owner* and
;hblder of upward of $9,000,000 of the $10,
000,000 of the bonds; and. upward 'of $9,
000,000 of the $10,000,000 of the preferred
and upward of $9,000,000 of the $10,000,000
of the common stock of the shipbuild
ing company, issued' for the stock, of
the steel company, but I deny that any
associates of mine are the owners; of
the remainder of the preferred and
common stock so' issued for' the. stock
of the Bethlehem Steel' Company, .ex
cept that I sold and transferred some
of said bonds and stocks to third
•parties."
Schwab says the shipbuilding com
pany is not., entitled to . enforce any
alleged indebtedness agaist him. He
avers that neither he nor his associates
conspired with \ the "dummy directors
of the shipbuilding company" to .have
inserted in the mortgage to the Security
and Trust Company and in the charter
of the shipbuilding company provisions
Which would give him or them absolute
control of the shipbuilding and steel
companies, with the power jto so ma
nipulate the corporations as to cause
default in the .payment of interest,
thereby defrauding creditors, stock
holders and -bondholders of the ship
building company. ; •
Schwab says that he and his* asso
ciates had nothing to do with the with
holding by the Bethlehem company oS
the dividend payments on the 300,000
shares of its stock owned by the ship
building company for the purpose of
wrecking the latter concern. The de
fendant continues:
; "I deny that I or the Security and
Trust Company, or the directors of the
shipbuilding company or of the steel
company, or any associates of mine,
or'the reorganization committee of any'
of them acted fraudulently or in bad
faith in the premises or for the pur
pose of destroying and wrecking the
property of the shipbuilding company
in the interests of myself or any asso
ciates of mine, and I deny that this
suit is brought at the instance of the
reorganization i committee i and myself,
or any associates Of mine for the pur
pose' of carrying out the aforesaid or
any other wrongful plan or of profit
ing, and taking' advantage of the. al
leged defaults occasioned by any
wrongful or fraudulent acts to the in
jury of the shipbuilding company or
the bona fide creditors, bondholders or
stockholders of the shipbuilding com
pany." , ¦
After specifically denying any and
every charge of fraud, unlawful, com
bination, conspiracy or wrongful act in
his connection with the arfairs of the
Bethlehem Steel and United States
Shipbuilding companies, Schwab de
tails the history of his relations wit^i
the two concerns. He says that after
making a contract for the purchase of
the entire capital stock of the Bethle
hem company he communicated with
J. P. Morgan '& Co., stating that he
was willing to turn over the contract
to the United States Steel .Corporation
"without any profit whatever."
Morgan & Co. assumed the contract
as syndicate manager, with authority
to turn it over to the steel corporation.
If, however, the Morgan firm disposed
of it to other parties Schwab was to
receive the greater part of the profit.
He says that on June 9*, 1902, Lewis
Nixon and D. lie Roy Dresser asked
him 'to underwrite $9,000,000 first mort
gage bonds of the United States'Ship
building Company. Prior to that he
had no connection with a^iy such com
bination. On this subject he continues:
"Nixoh and Dresser informed me
that the properties were of great value;
that they had been appraised by com
petent appraisers."
In view of this, Schwab took the un
derwriting "upon the same terms as
other underwriters, providing the new
company would give preference to the
steel corporation in purchase of materi
als. Subsequently the bonds were of
fered to the public in the United States
and Europe.",
On June 1, 1902, Nixon and Dresser
told Schwab they wished' to acquire the
Bethlehem Steel Company, in ordec to*
transfer it to the shipbuilding com
pany, making payr--nt therefor in
bonds and stock of the new company.
They offered $10,000,000 each of bonds
and common and preferred stock.
Schwab then opened" negotiations with
Morgan & v Co., offering to provide the
cap!*-' necessary to reimburse them
for the actual cost of the shares of the
Bethlehem company to the syndicate,
and $5,000,000 in stock. This offer was
accepted and Nixon and Dresser were
so informed. Then followed Schwab's
illness and his absence from the United
States." Upon his return he found the
shipbuilding company in financial dif
ficulties and-learned, for the first time,
that many of the representations in the
prospectus of the shipbuilding, plants
were I false.
Last April, George R. Sheldon and
Charles W. Wetmore of New York, rep
resenting* a : syndicate which had pur
chased $13,750,000 of the bonds and stock
of the shipbuilding company, conferred
with Schwab, looking to a reorganiza
tion of the company. Schwab said he
desired to take 'back the
stock, returning to the shipbuilding
company the bonds and : stock he had
received. Subsequently, t fqr that pur
pose,* hk purchased f rom . J. P. . Morgan
i& Co. $5,000,000 of stock, which. had b.een
delivered to them for- the;Uriited States
Steel Corporation, and arranged StoVac
-quire all the remaining bonds "and
stocks. Schwab adds:
v "I; was then and have ever since been
and am now able and willing to return
all the securities received by me or
Messrs. Morgan & Co. arid to rescind
the whole transaction and I hereby
tenHer the same for that purpose."
Sheldon and Wetmore declined to con
sider such a proposition, as they stated
the principal value of the whole enter
prise consisted of the Bethlehem com
pany. Schwab then agreed to a 'plan
of reorganization with them, suggest
ing an assessment upon lirst mortgage
bondholders. He says: \
"As to the charges in the cross bill
that. I acted in collusion with the re
organization committee of the ship
building company in an attempt, to
force* the insolvency of > said company
and to wreck-it, I aver Vihat such
charges' are *false and malicious. I
aver that James Smith Jr., receiver of.
the shipbuilding company, knows that
such charges are. untrue.
' "I am Informed ' and believe that
upon such 'an .examination and ap
praisal it will appear that the net work-
Ing capital jof '-the 'seven constituent
companies, /excluding the • • Bethlehem
company* does -not exceed the sum of
11.500,000; that a v great part, if not the
greater part thereof, may be wasted
and lost by the continuance of the re
ceivership ana -that such shipbuilding
plants cannot, be" operated and kept
working as gotng concerns without the
addition of very viarge' sums of money
as necessary wtjrking capital." :
Schwab closes: his defense by denying
every chat-ge/of .fraud, misdoing, un
lawful combination and confederacy,
and ' "humbly prays to be hence dis
missed with his reasonable costs and
charges in' this behalf most wrongfully
sustained." . ¦
&M • — ¦ — - '
Frank H. Bnrness, Who Shot
the Captain of a Schooner,
Is Found Guilty of 3Iurcler
WELCOME DUKE
AND DUCHESS
UNION LIBELS
ON THE DEAD
MUST SUFFER
DEATH PENALTY
Peculiar Methods of Wall-Street Promoters* A re
Revealed irt Shipbuilding Trust Correspondence
1 Passing Between New York Firm and Paris Agent
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL;, WEDNESDAY, DECEMBER 23, \ 1903.
Continued from Page 1, Column 4.
2
ADVERTISEMENTS.
tlEMCE'S
FAVORITE
SCHIPTSOM
¦r.t/'X'IVT S. atid G. Boots and Shoes.
|\ I I fV Warramed ¦naterprcor. Kcr
i A ' v •»• ' Hunters. Surveyor*. Min-
, ' . -- w » «». etc Send for cntaloc.
A O I I A SHREVE & BARBER CO.
\* V£ **¦ V • 738 St.. S. F.
yj/8&JB&$&£fM MEN AHD WOMEFf.
ra&iyrvCBEs^Ejfj UMBIgGforunnatcral
JEx*3r I* lui <«tv*I dUeh»rg«s,iBfl*nimiitians.
£i£af Ouiuucd M irritations or nleeratiom
£r*»Jf sol (• itrlemrt. of mncoo) membranes.
F>* *Tl rr*nak CuUci**. Pain'.*!!, and not »»trin-
B7sl[niEEM*SCHEMIC4t.C0. «» nt ° r poiionocs.
%r«3& CI)IC!!l!UTI,O.Kg§fl ¦«»<» *>7 DrnrfiiU.
VQ& t*. 8.A. 2ri or * ent '° P' a * n wrapper,
Jfgfajg^ .^grfel br expr»«s. prepaid. f«
• '^CVBsHHKrB •' - 00 - nr 3 bottln 12.75.
H Cirecls^- sect oa tsaneat
Weekly Call, $1 per Year
Gives these organs vigor and tone for the
proper performance of their fnnctions, and
cures all their ordinary ailments.' Take it.'
Hood'sSarsapariHa
It is highly Important that these organs
should properly perform their functions.
. When they" don't, what lameness of the
side and back, what yellowness of the skin,
what constipation, bad taste In tbe finoutb;
sick headache, pimples and ." blotches, and
loss of courage, tell the 'story.
/Thegreiat alterative and tonic : '
Liver and Kidneys
Croesus. King: of Lydla, Had Troubles
of Ills Own, and Tlierc Are Others.
Croesus, the John D. Rockefeller
of the kingdom of Lydia, was very
well-to-do In worldly goods and chat-
tels. "As rich as Croesus" Is a saying
about 25.00 years old. He had his trou-
bles, however, and some of them were
full grown.. He was taken captive once
by Cyrus and only saved himself from
being: burned alive by quoting a saying
of Solon the sa^e. He finally had to
flee his kingrdom for parts unknown.
• Many of the rich man's troubles to-
day come from high living and could
be avoided. They are brought on by
eating all kinds of rich, heavy foods
at Irregular times, lack of proper ex-
ercise, undue mental strain, unnatural
stimulants, etc.. and are commonly
known as indigestion, ¦ dyspepsia and
weak stomach. They are serious trou-
"bles air right, but not only can they
be avoided, but can also be cured, and
that without loss of time or proper food
and nourishment. "
§tuart's Dyspepsia Tablets are the
certain relief of dyspeptics, rich and
poor alike. There It no such thing as
stopping their onward progress now.
'A great nation has placed its stamp of
approval ui»on their noble work. The
.thousands and thousands of cures they
have effected and the happiness result-
• ing therefrom have mad« their name a
, household word throughout the land.
. The story of Stuart's Dyspepsia
Tablets can be told in a word. They
.actually do the work that the weak
| and wasted stomach is unable to do
"and allow it to^ recuperate and regain
its strength. They contain all the es-
sential properties thatthe' gastric Juice
and other digestive fluids do. and they
/diffest the food just as a" sound and well
stomach would. They relieve the stom-
;ach Just as one rested and refreshed
• workman relieves the one on duty that
is tired and worn, and Nature does her
.own work of restoration. It is a simple,
.natural process that a child can un-
derstand. You can eat all you want
without fear- of results. Stuart's Dys-
\ pepsia 1 Tablets are for saJe by all drug-
gists at SO cents a box. Druggists all
. know better than to try to get along
. without them, as tbe demand for them
. is gTeat and universal. * .
RIC11 MEN ARE XOT ALL ftAPPY.
ADVEHTISEME27TS.
EAGLESQN & CO.
Large Stock
Holiday Goods
NECK DRESS
GLOVES
I MUFFLERS
UNDERWEAR
NIGHTROBES
HOSIERY
DRESS SHIRTS
FANCY SHIRTS
UMBRELLAS
SUSPENDERS
SUITCASES
780-786 Market St.
242 Montgomery St.
BERKS I
Famous the -World 0
Over-~Fullx-Mature(& 1
tfofrf Everytehenl J
H11.BERT MKKCAXTILE CO.. H |
Pacific Coast Agents. JE *
/) visit DR. JORDAN'S great 6
{MUSEUM OF ANATOMY?
Q Q) mi umi; g. it. BtMTa. s.rzc i
\ ,\3T Tbe Larreit Anatomical Museum in the \
Q ¦^"jnTr- w ond. WeaJtneun or My contacted A
' 52 5*1 disease f»»IU»»It «•'•* ny the nld«t Y
0 IS!S| Spea».istoa ths Con- Eit 36 yean. Q
4 flfftJl DR. JORDAN-DISEASES OF MEN 4
\ t^SSn^M Consultation free and itrirtly prirale. \
0 1 Wfi Tmaaent per»ona! y or by Inter. A §
\ I y V| 0 F*ntn* CVriin e»ery ca<e uaderuken. T
6 P f II A w ««» f nr Book, PBIL«H»t*PSST »f A
T I 1^ MAnniACK. ma:leo- frhs. f Af
A 0 /? »»iutiie boo« tor mm) t|< \
f 1>B. Jocnif A to, 1081 Market Mt.,8. T. f
.>T^V Dr. €Jibbon's Dispensary*
iL»<«v^l OUO KEABST ST. Estab.lshfd
EfMf^K^ln l'«34 forth? treatment nf PrlT«t«
Hi ifikWrni Duvhoos. Lost Mmnhood. Debility or
UiWyiffiEl li ' ' wearlnB'in hoflyand rnlnd «:i<1
3f|*Ia®|aSlii'> Disease*. The Doctor cures wl^n
•RsCno'h-" rs fail. Try him. Ch»r»ps low.
i * — -* Call or write.
Dr. J. JF. «IB?»O?i..Sin FrancLSCO. i.ai. .
- OCEAN TRAVEL.
>^Tc"/ gs v Steamers leave. Saa Fraa-
/^VJ-^-^laS. dsco as follows:
A£y_ For Ketchikan. Wrangel.
IQJ TWCftS \-A Juneau, Halnes. Ska»u«r.
1 I ViyBrh \ \ etc.. Alaska — 11 a. m.. Dec.
I I \ra5Q/ / 17. 22. 27, Jan. 2. Chan**
W\ \\ " fO'J to company'* steamers at
Vj*O* G / Beattle. Ik
>Q>5«»5/^ For Victoria. Vancouver,
r port Townsend, Seattle. Ta-
eoisa. Everett, What com — 11 a. m.. Dec 17.
22. 27 Jan. 2. Change at Seattle to this com-
pany's suamers for Alaska and O. 1*. Ry.: at
Seattle or Taeow* to N. P. Ry.: »« Vancouver
to C. P. Hallway.
For Eureka tHumboldt Bay>— Pomona. 1:50
p. m.. Dec. 19. 24, SO, Jan. 5; Corona. 1:30 p.
m.. Dec. 21, 27. Jan. 2.
For Loe Angeles (via Port Los Angeles and
Redondo). San Diego and Santa Barbartv—
Santa Rosa, Sundays. 0 a. ra
(state of California. Thursdays. 8 a. ra.
For Los Angeles (via San Pedro and East
'Ban Pedro), Santa Barbara. Santa Cruz. Mon-
terey, San Simeon. Cayucos. Port Uarford (Saa
Luis Oblspo) Ventura and Hueneme.
Coos Bay, 9 a. m.. Dec. 19. 27. Jan. 4.
Bonita. 8 a. m.. Dec. 23. 31, Jan. 8.
For Ensenada. Magdalena Bay, San Jose ««1
Cabo. Mazatlan. Altata. L* Paz. Santa Ro-
salia. Guaymaa (Mex.). 10 a. m.. 7th ot eaoa
month. , _ .,
For further information obtain folder.
Right is reserved to changa steamers or taJl-
"^PXCITBT ORICBM New Montgom-
ery street (Palace Hotel). 10 Market street and
Broadway wharves. .*¦; ! •
- Freight office. 10 Market street.
C. D. DCNANN, General Passenger Ag«nt.
10 Market street. Ban Francisco.
O. R. & N- CO.
Dec 24 Jan. 8. 13. 23. Feb. 2 13 and 22.
Only steamship line, to PORTLAND. OR., and
short rail Una from- Portland to all points
East. Through tickets to all points, aft rail
or steamship and rail, at LOWEST RATES.
Steamer tickets include berth and meais.
Steamer sails foot of Spear st.. at 11 a. m 3.
F BOOTH. Gen. Agt. Pass Dept.; 1 Mnat-
gomery st.: C. CIJFrORD. Gen. Agt. Freight
Dept.. 3 Montgomery st. ______»
TOYO K4SEN KAISHU
(ORIENTAL 1 STEAMSHIP CO.)
Steamers will .leave wharf, corner First and
Brannan streeti. at 1 p- .ro,. .for YOKOHAMA
and HONGKONG- calltrir a* -Kobe (Hlogo)^.
Nagasaki ¦ and Shanghai, and ~ connecting at I
Hongkong with steamers^for India, etc. No
raruo received on board* on- day of sallinf.
B fi. NIPPON MARU (caUlng at VaaUtO
. .......Wednesday. December SO. 1303
3. 8* AMERICA MARU ••••,„,_
. . .• Monday January 23 1904
8 S* 'HONGKONG MARU .......... .
"- °- nKJ ' ...^vWnesday. February 17. .1*V«
Via. Horolulu. - Hound-trip tickets at reduced
rates For freight *nd passage apply at Com-
rany'i otflce. 425 Market street, corner 4 First.
panys cm .^ H AV ERT. General Agent.
IS Crisis 1 L3.3. Vila K«l*»0-«i srSifr.
5 S SIERRA, for.' Honolulu. Samoa. Auck-
land a r.d Sytoey. .Thursday. £>ec. 31. 2 p. m.
S. 8. MARIPO3A. for Tahiti. Jan. 8. 1004.
8. S.*ALAMEDA. for Honolulu. ; Jan. 0. 1004.
ij!l?StCXaSlS3CS.C3.,J(3tJ..Wi1Mb,8<35irWa
' 'In^tUCa.Ua sfarkstR..fkrIt. 7.fatifieSL ¦
CoiplONl* GB^KSiLE TKA5aillAHTl WS.
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS, vto
Sailing every Thursday Instead of Z3>£Gf$
SatsrUay .at 10 a..m.. ,from Pier 43. **'+?* J **
North River, of Morton street. .'.,'
1 First class to Havre. *7O and upward. Sec-
ond class to Havre. »*5 and . upward. GEN-
ERAL AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES AND
PANADA 32 Becadway llludson ButMmg).
I New York J. F. FUOAZ1 & CO.. Pad 3c Ccas;
AK*-nts 5 Mcntgcmery avenue. San Francisco.
Tickets' »o»d ty all Railroad Ticket Agents.
mare ZalsnA aad VallcJo Steamers.
Steamer GEN. FHISBIE or MONTICELLO—
»-40 a 1 , m.. X:15 «nd S:3O p. m., exempt Sunday.
Sund«y. a -< 5 a ¦*•• S:3 ° p - ro - 1 ** v * Valiejo,
* a. ra., 12:30 and.tt p. m.. ex. Sunday. Sun-
dav 7 a. m.. 4:15 p. ra. Fare, 50 eents Tei.
Main 1SOS. Tier 2 . Mission-st. dock. ttATCU
Doric
Take Laxative - Bromo > Quinine Tablets! All
druggists refund tbe money if It fall* to curt.
E. W. Grove's signature 1» on each box. 25c *
To Cure a Gold in One Day.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
DR. SHOOP'S REMEDIES.
Any honest person who suffers from Rheu-
matism is 'welcome to this offer. For years I
searched everywhere to find a speclflc (or Rheu-
matism. For nearly 20 years I worked to this
end. At last, in Germany, my search was re-
warded. I found a costly chemical that did not
disappoint me as. other Rheumatic prescriptions
had disappointed physicians everywhere.
I do not mean that Dr. Shoop's Rheumatic
Cure can turn bony Joints Into flesh again. That
is Impossible. But It will drive from the blood
the poison that causes paln^and swelling;, and
then that, Is the end of Rheumatism. I kaow
4hls so well that I will furnish for a full month
my Rheumatic Cure on trial. I cannot cur* all
cases within a month. It would be unreason-
able to expect 1 that. But meat cases will yield
within 30 days. This trial treatment will con-
vince you that Dr. Snoop's Rheumatic Cure Is
a power against Rheumatism — * potent forca
against- disease that is irresistible. ','.'.•"
• My offer is mad* to convince you of ray faith.
My faith Is but the outcome of experience—of
actual knowledge. 1 know what It can do. And
I know this so well that I will furnish my rem-
edy on trial. Simply write me a postal for my
book on Rheumatism. I will then arrange with
a. druggist In your vicinity so that you can se-
cure six bottles of Dr. Shoop's Rheumatic Cur*
to make tbe test. Ton make take It a fall month
on trial. It it succeeds the *eost to you is 15 60.
If it fails the loss Is mine and mine alone. It
will be" left entirely to you. I mean that ex-
actly. If you say th« trial is net satisfactory I
don't expect a penny from you. j
I hav* no samples. Any mere sample that
can affect chronic Rheumatism rauat bt drursed
to the verge of danger. I us* no such- drugs,
for it is dangerous to take them. Tou must get
th*. disease out of the blood. My remedy does
that even In the most difficult, obstinate cases.
It has cured the eldest cases that I ever met.
and in all of my experience. In all of my 3000
tests, I never found another remedy that would
cure one chrome case-In ten. ¦ .
Write me and I will Send you the book. . Try
my remedy for a month, for it can't barm you
anyway. If it fails the loss is mine. - '
Address Dr. Shoop. Box 630. Racine. Wis.
Mild cases aot chronic are often cured by one
or two bottles. At all druggists. .
Costs Nothing if It Fails.
Rheumatic Cure
Dr. Shoop'sTwo Skaters I,o-e Their Lives.
DENVER, Dec. 22.— The bodies > of
John Ryan and Miss Leonora Zorning
were found this' afternoon in Berkeley
I-ake. They went skating on Sunday
evening and fell through* the Ice.
Ryan's parents live at Grand Junction.
Iowa. Tie war about 19 years of age
•and came here a short time ago for his
health Mis* Zorning alsocame here
from Iowa. She has a sister living in
California.
0
Riverside Builders Get the Contract.
WASHINGTON. Dec. 22.— Bids were
opened at the Interior Department to
day for constructing the 500 feet of tun- j
nel preliminary to the work, of build- !
ing , the SaH River irrigation project I
in Arizona. About $10,000 is involved In '
this part of the project. Wiltc-n & j
Ross, of .Riverside, Cal.,,who bid S38 T5 1
a lineal foot, were the lowest of the !
four bidders.
Pi!glll«l Williams Is Exonerated.
SACRAMENTO, Dec. 22. — Frank.
Solomon, the pugilist, known as "Kid"
Williams, who was # arrested for man
slaughter after the death of Tom Pen
dergast." who died from concussion of
the brain from blows received in a
fight last Friday night, was discharged
in the City Justice's Court this morn
ing. The 'others who were implicated
in the affair were also discharged.
Election Ofliccrs Arc Held for Frand.
DKXVER, Dec. 22.— Judge F. T.
Johnson to-day held in bonds of $300
each E. T. Scudamere, John A. Cava
naugh and W. M. BInswanger, judges
at the recent State election, on charges
of fraud. Several hundred more votes
me said to have been cast in their pre
cincts than there were residents, and It
is claimed the names -appear on the
7»o'l books in practically the same order
as en the registration lists.
CASE OF ACUTE TETANUS
IS CURED BY AXTI-TOXIX
Body of Patient Begins to Relax at
End of Fifth Day of Treatment
and Recovery Is Complete.
NEW YORK, Dec. 22.— A case of
acute tetanus has been cured at a hos
pital here by the use of anti-toxin in
jected in large quantities.
The patient was Injured by a street
car. His body was bent almost double
whei> hs was taken to the institution.
Ten hours after the Injured leg had
been amputated sixty centimeters of
anti-toxin was injected into the large'
vein .it the elbow. The next day forty
centimeters was administered, arid by
the morr.inar of the third day there was
slight improvement. From that time
on the injections were made in con- '
3tantly decreasing quantities. At the
end of the fifth day the body began to r
relax, and by {he eighth day the pa- I
tient's condition .was such the injec- '
tfons were discontinued. The man has!
now recovered entirely. ' j
FIRE RUIN'S PROPERTY
OX COLLEGE GROUNDS
St. Matthew's at San Mateo Has a Xar
ro\v Escape from Destruction
by Flames.
SAN MATEO, Dec. 22.— St. Matthew's
College narrowly escaped destruction
by fire this evening, when the large
laundry situated on the campus was
burned to the ground.
On the report that the college was
burning the Fire Department promptly
responded, drawing the apparatus two
miles to the scene of the blaze. Only
the prompt and energetic measures
saved the jjashouse, the burning of
which would have been disastrous to
the college buildings. The students are
all away on holiday vacation, and only
Professor Brewer's mother, the matron
and cook were on the premises.
The loss of the building and ma
chinery is about $2000. The property is
partially insured.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
-
PHOENIX. Ariz., Dec. 22.— Arthur j
Rehwald, a Russian subject, who says j
he is wealthy, languishes in the jail of
this county, while planning some sort
of legal escape from what he deems an
attempt to railroad him to the peniten- |
tlary upon a charge of burglary. He !
speaks good English and is well edu- i
cated. j
The alleged offense occurred at Sen- j
tinel, a little railroad station on the !
Southern Pacific, where he unknowing- j
ly entered a railroad car occupied by j
Mexicans. When he found the car |
filled he tried to get out, but was ar- |
rested by a Mexican officer, tri^d before '
a country Justice of the Peace upon j
testimony he did not understand and '.
that was not interpreted to him. He j
was sent to jail, he supposed, for vag- 1
rancy. till he was informed after his ¦
incarceration some weeks ago that he !
was being held to the Granrt Jury for
burglary.
Then he secured a lawyer and told |
his story, which was that he came from j
a good family in Riga, Russia, and !
that he and his people are wealthy. He !
wanted to see the world and sailed for !
New York, from there coming west, |
and was en route from Galveston to '
the coast when arrested. The case is
now before the court on nabeas corpus
proceedings.
Kern ln\itos Santa Fe Railroad.
BAKEREFIELD. Dec. 22.— The City
Trustee? of Kern have extended an of
f.< :a! invitation to General Manager
Wells of the Santa Fe to locate shops
in Kern whenever that company may
decide to build, as it is reported will
be done at some point in the San Joa
auin Valley in the near future, as the
Santa Fe has no shops of any size b*>
t-n-f-en San Bernardino and Point Rich
mond.
Subject of the Czar, Who ;
Claims Relationship to a ;
Wealthy Family, x\.rrested j
Special Disx>£.tsh 10 The Call,
PHOENIX. Ariz., Dec. 22.— The
largest robbery of a business house
that ever occurred in Phoenix and
one unique in point of simplicity and
successful accomplishment took place
last night, when the store of Selim,
Ackel & Co., on South Second street,
was ransacked and goods to the
amount of I3P00, together with near
ly $100 In cash, were carried away.
The store was entered through the
front door on aj well-lighted street
and the robbers departed, leaving not
a clew to their identity or number.
The merchandise taken was mostly
jewelry and watches. The safe was
rifled and the partitions in it were
broken. The burglars found the hid
ing place of nearly every tray of jew
elry. The greater part of the jewelry
was of a valuable sort, mostly gold
filigree, manufactured in the store by
an expert workman from Mexico.
There was also a quantity of silver
jewelry made from Mexican coins.
POLICE HOLD
RICH RUSSIAN
Three Thousand Dollars' Worth
of Jewels Are Stolen in a
Store in an Arizona City
Ilnnfho in <iovcrnmen£ Ro«onc.
.SANTA BARBARA. Dec. 22.— A dis
patch was received here to-day from
Aerator „ Card, stating that President
Hboserelt had feigned a proclamation
including .Los Prietos y Xaja! La
veglM rancho of 4 ?, 000 "acres' ih the
forest lyei.re. A strong effort had
been mi<3e to accomplish this result
for two y»ars past and several high
officials have been sent out to report,
all being in favor of the acquisition.
The owners of the ranch are the Santa
Barbara Water Company und J. L.
CTxshborn of Duluth.
Special Dispatch to The Call
VANCOUVER. B. C. Dec. 22.—Wil
liam Page, a burglar and general des
perado, was caught to-day and is in
jail in New Westminster. To Garvin
Rae. a youth of 19, belongs all the
credit of his capture. In th? face of
a loaded revolver flourished by Page
Rae grappled with him and held him
tightly until assistance arrived.
Within an hour of his being placed
in jail Page started to carry oat a plan
of escape. He pulled out a number of
bricks and would probably have been
free in another couple of hours had his
trick not been discovered. Now he is
manacled and in dose confinement.
It was at 10:30 o'clock last evening
that several members of the Rae fam
ily heard a noise in a back room. Young
Rae went into the hall to investigate
and when he saw the door standing
open toward the back yard he at once
concluded that a burglar had been in
the house and had already escaped.
He called other members of the fam
ily, when suddenly the door of the
bathroom, a short distance down the
hall, was flung open.
Out jumped a stranger and it took
him but a couple of leaps to make the
rear door. In one hand he held a re
volver and he pulled this up as if
ready to shoot, in warning for young
Rae to get out of the way. But the
latter jumped on the burglar as he
sought to dash past ana in a moment
the two were rolling on rhe floor.
Rae's father rushed to his son's as
sistance and soon they had the des
perado securely held and had taken
away his weapon. Another member of
the family summoned an officer and
twenty minutes later the burglar was
securely lodged in jail.
THIEVES TAKE
TRAYS OF GEMS
VICTORIA, B. C. Dec. 22.—Testi
mony was given by Mrs. John J. Ag
new this afternoon in the Hopper-
Dunsmuir will case, to the effect that
the late Alexander Dunsmuir had al
waj-s intended that James Dunsmuir,
defendant in, the suit brought by Edna
Wallace Hopper, to break the will of
the dead millionaire, should be his heir.
Mrs. Agnew said she had. known the
late Mrs. Dunsmuir (plaintiff's mother)
for seventeen years. She was her most
intimate friend and had been intro
duced to Alexander Dunsmuir by her
at the Grand Hotel in San Francisco.
She had seen him frequently and al
ways found him to be a gentleman. His
conversation was the same as any
other gentleman's, coherent and intel
ligent. Witness said she had arranged
for the marriage ceremony. She knew
of no other. She had heard of the bath
tub incident of which Mrs. Hopper had
told and said this had always been re
garded as a joke by Mrs. Wallace arid
Mrs. Hooper.
Mrs. Agnew said that in a conversa
tion with Alexander Dunsmuir and
Mrs. Dunsmuir at the Grand Hotel ref
erence had been made to a will regard
ing the disposition of the San Leanditi
property, in which Mrs. Dunsmuir was
named as part heir, and Alexander
Dunsmuir at that time told all present.
Including Lawyer Boyd and Captain
Freeman, that he would not permit her
to leave this property to Mrs. Hopper.
The will was afterward burned. v
At his wedding dinner, the witness
said, Dunsmuir had not drank much
and his eating had none of the objec
tionable features referred to by some
witnesses. The will in question now
was signed after dinner. Witness also
told of a conversation with Mrs. Duns
muir relative to Alexander Dunsmuir
providing for her. in the event of Alex
ander's death, in which Mrs. Dunsmuir
had said:
"I feel so happy now, as in the event
of Alexander's death James Dunsmuir
has agreed to pay me $1000 a month so
long as I live."
J. W. Harrison, coal broker of San
Francisco, testified that Alexander
Dunsmuir was a good business man
and not easily influenced by his broth
er, James Dunsmuir.
Prisoner Quickly Makes a Hole
in the Cell Wall and Almost
Escapes Before He Is Detected
Events in the Life of the
Millionaire in San Fran
cisco Are Publicly Reviewed
DENIAL OF ACCUSATIONS
CHASE NEAR RED BLUFF
Photograph Leads to the Dis-
covcry of the Whereabouts
of Man Wanted in Sonoma
Ri-D BLUFF. Dev. 22.-After a night
and half a day of excitement Girard.
supposed to be .and who himself states
that be is wanted in Sonor^a County
for the murder of Deputy Sheriff Mc-
Kir.r.on of Harney County, Oregon, sur
j'-ndercd to officers at the ranch of
Mrs. M. E. WIlcox about four miles
north of Red Bluff this morning.
Girard had been ¦working as a wood
rhopper on a ranch for pome time and
his discovery is due :o an acquaintance
formed with H. Brewer, a local piano
tuner. Brewer has known him for some
time, but had never suspected his real
character until yesterday, when he
chanced to s^e a photograph of Mc-
Kinnon's murderer and recognized it.
He at once went to the ranch with the
intention of securing the assistance of
W. C. Itiount, a rancher, and capturing
Girard.
Brewer was met at the sate by Gi
rard and accompanied him to his cabin.
After some conversation, during which
Brewer evidently abandoned his Inten
tion of a single-handed capture, he
went to the home of Mrs. Wilcox and
informed her who Girard was. Then
he came to town to notify the officers.
Sheriff Boyd and City Marshal Ward
arrived at the ranch about 2 o'clock
this morning, hoping to get Girard at
daybreak. In this they were disap
pointed, as Girard early in the morn
ing left hi? cabin and took to the brush
in the hills. The officers followed him
for several hours and a number of
phots were exchanged. In the mean
time word was sent to town and a posse
went to the officers' assistance, but
arrived only in time to witness Girard's
surrender.
Girard called to the Sheriff that he
was phot and would surrender either to
him or Mrs. Wllcox's little son. so that
they could get the reward. He stated
that h n was the man wanted.
Gerard is now in the County Jail. Two
f>f Sheriff Boyd's buckshot took effect
in his shoulder and a number in the
ripht leg. but the wounds are not se
rious.
BATTLE NEAR THE DOOR
Friend of the Late Alexander
Dunsmuir Describes Him in
the Courtroom at Victoria
Officers Pursue Slayer of For
mer Oregon Official and He
Surrenders After a Fight
Desperado Enters a House, in
British Columbia and Is
Captured AYhen Departing
YOUTH FIGHTS
WITH BURGLAR
"A GENTLEMAN"
SAYS WITNESS
BUCKSHOT ENDS
THEIR BATTLE
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY. DECEMBER 23. 1903.
3
• Salzburg has a cafe which has been
In existence for 150 yeSrs. ' ' ¦
ADVERTISEMENTS.
* %
Christmas Smoking Jackets H to $ 10 {
Only two days remaininM\vhich to make your purchases of Christmas gifts. As
the time is near you had better cease wondering what to give and come to a -decision.
-"'.. Ifi" addition to .smoking jackets, "bath /robes and dressing gowns, we mention
below other suitable gifts for men.
Any article purchased may be exchanged after Christmas if desired, either for goods
of the same or of a different character. In every instance an equivalent in value will
be given in exchange, but if preferred money will be refunded. *
Smoking Jackets 'Rain Coats Neckwear
Our entire stock of ' Smoking Genuine Priestley Cravenette Exquisite silk neckwear, in va-
Jackets is made by us in our Rain Coats. Guaranteed to shed rious colors and designs, from 25c
... '.:•¦< . . rain. Our own manufacture. In to $1.00 each. t>-
own workshops, from material . . , , , * TV
"?¦¦' ; a variety of colors, from $io.qo
bought direct from the weavers. to $ 25 . OO . r f ! n ™
We sell direct to you at a saving IUUTC3
of $2.00 to $5.00 on a garment. Sweaters \ From the best of makers, in
tu j* ... • 1 mi J -r wirvuivu the customary materials and poo-
¦ The assortment is still quite com- T mmpn , p c rn rt i*n all the nlea* 11/* *T
... J immense stock, in all tne pleas- . ular colors, from $1.00 to $2.00 a
plete in sizes and colors. Ihe ing color combinations. The latest pair. V C-V"
prices range from $4.00 to $10.00^ stitches and knits. Prices $1.60 A
to$4O °* . Handkerchiefs
Dressing fiowns ' Underwear Linen handk " chiefs ' from *s<z
' These garments are our own Ji LUUCryVCdr to 50c each; silk' handkerchiefs
. ,, Our stock includes every ma- f rom 2 . c to $ T „ h
make and are so d to vou at a f - o , cf . *;J± ,? 5 *
terial, stvle, color and size, at • t>. ¦. .„
saving of wholesalers' profits. price s ranging from $1.00 to $5.00 J B « SlIk r f ters ' extra Iar S e «
ti s ~- : . . , ..° w Irom Si. 00 to $2 ro each *
ihe assortment is extensive and a suit. v*-w *.y *^o u c«n.n.
the prices are $10.00, $12.50 and „
$1350. Sleeping Garments c . Mats
<-. ;v cu - ° ¦, -n • - Stetsons hats in all styles for
•''¦- « Shirts and Pajamas in $, __ n+u*>- t s *
DniL* Dr»Urtr. 11 .i •„ ii • , x-. , $4.00. Other makes from $1.30
Uaill KOOeS aI1 suitable materials. Night up to $3.00.
r\.,~ r? ¦ i.1 T3 t. "j 't Shirts, from 50c to $2.00 each;
Our Bath Robes are made , of -n-r**
• 1 a a 1 • , •- , *, Pajamas, from $1.00 to $3.50 a n 1 u * ri .-
eiderdown flannel in beautnul de- • suit ; . Ready=Made ClotheS
sieris, at $6.00 each. , c.,-» '*.".*¦
s ' u •• or overcoats m a most
HOSiery •' complete^ssortmerit, comprising
The above picture gives a fair Several materials, in plain col- V ever y st >* Ie > from $">-°o to $35.00.
idea of the splendid Smoking * - ors and fanc r embroidered de- V ¦
Jackets and Dressing Gowns si S ns; prices from 10c to 75c. fflaiie=t(Hirder ClOtfaeS
which we make. To properly ap- cu* 1 '^ "Merchandise Order" for a
, predate the beauty of the gar- SllirtS made-to-measure suit or over- .
ments you must see their rich col- All materials in 'colored goods coat is a splendid gift. Prices
orings. and white linqn ; colored goods $10.00 to $45.00.
r V 1 linen from $1.00 to $1.50 each. Sflit C3S a S '
Our- make ; extensive assort- SllSperiderS materials in different colors" from
ment, in all materials, from $1.00 Suspenders, with fancy buckles, . $3.00 to $10.00; bags and grips
1 to $3.50 each. from 50c to $2.00 j a pair. from $2.50 to $8.00.
In 'selecting a Christmas T& L #>^ -^^ * Mailorders filled for any-
shed for any amount for any - til ' ~Jr \^r^ tomers 'senrd as iiv// by mail
kind " of goods. Address , as though they bought in per-
DeptL. 740 Market Street w, ;
NEW ADVEBTISEMENTS.
TEE HAIB BKUSH
3rced3 Dandruff, Which Causes rallinr
Hair asd Finally Baldness.
Frof. Unna, Hamburg, Germany. Euro-
:-sn authority on skin diseases, says
:hat dandruff !s as contagious as any
(Uh«-r malevolent disease, and that one
mnracj source of the spread of dandruff
'.s the use of the s-ame hair brush by dlf-
f*r*-nt persons. 'Jhe way to avoid catch-
ing dandruff or ar.y other disease from
t another's brush is to insist on the use of
Netrbro's HerpicSde. It not only kills the
dsadroff p*rnj. but !t is also an antiseptic
that will i>r«"vrr.t the catching of any
difeaj? whatever through contagion of
."mother'* brush. Sold by leading drug-
trists*. P*»nd lOo in stamps for sample to
The Herpicide Co.. Detroit. Mi«:h.
CASTOR I A
For Infants an.d Children.
IS2 Kind You Hare Always Bought
Jarsgw'srand I
E i5CENTS,2rOR25CEN7S 5|
I CLU'.TT, PClBOOY 4 CO rt*
'**t£Pf+i xti iT"r"3'v r •
CUI LLHY
MKiBMwmmyi
to ihink-of about
tern. b3.'-lag-prr*£n «T>>«»
coffer fnrtmr.1 enrracts «nd»
Six questions answered in one.MORRISTOWN. N. J...D«c. 22.— The •will of
the lau> W. D. McAlpln disposes of a ?T.00O.
000 estate and makes' no public bequests.
"WASHINGTON. Dec. 22.— Senator Sh;lby
M. Cnllom' of Illinois la confined to his home
with a slight attack of grippe. He was much
improved to-night. .
OAKLAND, Dec. 22.— Articles of in
corporation of . trie Piedmont Building
Association have been filed with the
County Clerk: The directors are Otis
W. Engs, George Sterling, Wickham
Havens, H. M. Maxwell and Harold
Havens., The. capital stock of the com
pany is $50,000, and is divided Into 500
shares of the par value of $100 each.
The , principal place of business is to
be in ''.this 'city..
Form Building Company.
Councilman Karens' Trip.
OAKLAND. Dec. 2f. — Councilman
>\\. J. 1 In ecu* has been granted sixty
djiys' leave of absence from the State
to attend the National Convention of
Bricklayers, which will be held in Jan
bary in New Jersey.
Storer Now Postmaster.
OAKLAND. Dec. 22.— Frank Stoier.
c«i<tor of the Elmhurst Review. ha3
been appointed Postmaster of that
thriving suburb.
The. second annual banquet of, the
University of Michigan alumni took
place last night at the California Ho
tel. A large crowd was present. Judge
George E. Church acted as tpastmas
ter and many of the prominent mem
bers responded. .After the dinner, the
following officers were elected for the
ensuing year: President, W.' A.. Beaa
ley; vice president, G>' A*. Darcy; sec
retary-treasurer, Stuart Kohn; execu
tive committee— Edward Mills Adams
and Dr. Charles Bush, / ';
Michigan Alumni's Banquet.
Find Man's Body in Hut.
OAKLAND, Dec. 22.— The body, of -
Peter M. Petersen. 60 years old, wao
found in a hut at the rear of 30S4
Gold street to-day by Henry Mullaly
and Bert Lindemaker, neighbors. Cor
oner Mehrmann took charge of the
case. . Peterseri was at one time a
member of Haywards Lodge No. 18,
A. O. U. W., and of Syracuse Lodge
No. 129, I. O. O. F., both of Haywards.
Patrolman Coleman rescued Mrs.
Wasserman and Another woman from
a fire in a bakery at 535 Castro street
at an early hour this morning. The
women were asleep at the time and
were in danger of suffocation when
Coleman rushed in and carried them
out of the building:. The fire started
in the kitchen of the place, but was
extinguished before much damage was
done. •
Rescues Women: From Fire.
BERKELEY, Dec. 22.— Eleven con
ductors were discharged from their
positions on the Telegraph and San
Pablo avenue lines of the Oakland
Transit Company yesterday for prac
ticing a fraud upon their employers.
The men were all in league and oper
ated a system of ringing up transfers
on the car registers when" cash was
given and pocketing the money. The
conspirators kept themselves supplied
with transfers by a series of ex
changes. The names of the men are
withheld."
Conductors Lost Positions.
Hurled Thirty Feet by a Locomotive.
' OAKLAND. Dec 22. — While walk
ing along the railroad track near the
Sixteenth-street depot^ at noon to-day
Charles Johnson, a laborer, was struck
by*a switch engine and hurled thirty
feet. He was taken to the Receiving
Hospital, where several severe scalp
wounds were dressed by Dr. J. Kane,
after which Johnson was able to leave
the hospital. ~ >
OAKLAND. Dec. 22.— The band of
the League of the Cross Cadetj from
San Francisco will give a concert at
the County Infirmary on New Year's
day.
Concert at Infirmary.
Rhodes asserts that he invested $350
in the firm on December 14, but Mur
ray, the complainant says, departed
for Los Angeles the day following and
Rhodes has discovered that he has
been bunkoed.
OAKLAND. Dec. 22.— Claiming that
he is the victim of a half interest
swindle, F. A. Rhodes, residing at For
tieth street and San Pablo avenue, has
asked the police to arrest J. H. Mur
ray, an erstwhile real estate broker at
972 Broadway.
Complaining Oaklander Invests In a
Real Estate Business, But Sud
denly Loses Sight of Seller.
Sousa was taken into custody last
night by Detective G. H. Brown on
complaint of 'Frank J. Mirandi, his
brother-in-law. Previous to Sousa's
arrest his wife visited Justice of the
Peace F. S. Cone and informed the
magistrate that her husband had pulled
hair out of her head in bunches: that
he had belabored her with a boot;. that
he had neglected to feed her and their
children, and had also threatened to
take her life.
Sousa has* been employed as a dairy
foreman on Jersey Island and returned
here a. few days ago to work for Pow
ell Bros., local contractors. His family
resides at the East* End.
ALAMEDA, Dec. 22.— Charged with
failure to provide for his wife and fam
ily of fdur'little ones, George T. Sousa
admitted to-day that he occasionally
punished the mother of his children
with his boot, declaring that when he
did so it did his spouse good and made
him feel better. » •
George T. Sousa Declares It Did His
Spouse Good and .Made Him
Tccl Better.
ASKS POLICE TO FIND
A MISSING PARTNER
WIELDED HEAVY BOOT
IN BELABORING WIFE
OAKLAND, Dec. 22. — Fruitvale
Lodge of Masons installed the follow
ing new officers last night: Worshipful
master, Andrew Frost; senior warden,
Hugh Frazer; junior warden, William
G. Thornally: secretary, Henry Tyack;
treasurer, P. H. Blake Sr.; senior dea
con, E. Spence de Pue; junior deacon,
Cornelius Carew; marshal. George E.
Lund; senior steward, Arthur P. Snow;
junior steward, Charles Hughes; tyler,
John McArthur.
* New Masonic Officers.
The graduating class has Just issued
the class number of the Scribe, the
school paper. •;'." - : l
• The programme will be as follows:-;
'Selection. P. II. S. orchestra— Edwin Burge-
Hn, Fred Hodkins. Stuart Kendall, Will Har
ris: : Introductory, Principal .P. M. Fisher;
"Tr.e Captain of Industry and His Reward,"
John Treadwell McQuold: vooal solo, "Forgot
ten," Miss Mabel Vaughn; "A Reverie." Mary
Mills; address to graduates, Mayor Olney;
presentation of diplomas, by President George
E. Randolph of the Board of Education.
Manual training course — George Henry Craig.
John Treadwell McQuold. Percy Clifton Nash.
Fred Warren Wright. ¦
Commercial course — Pearl Abrams, Annie
Louise Caplon. Marjory Winifred Donaldeon,
Katie lone Dukes, Elizabeth Jane Elliott,
Ethel Florence Fife, Josephine Bernlce Geary.
William Austin Ghlrardelll,' Hilda Gohrman.
¦Mnry Josephine L"Heureux, Maud Ethel Mil
ler, Mary Nightingale Mills, Ella Victoria
Norln, Harriet Gabriella Norris, Albert
Stephen Robinson, James Scott. Henry Charles
Stelnbach, John Frederick Stromberg, Emella
Bertha Vockel.
OAKLAND. Dec. 22.— The graduating
exercises of the class of December, 1903,
of the Polytechnic High School were
held last evening in the Common School
Assembly Hall at the Chabot Observa
tory. Following Is a list of the grad
uates:
Class of December, 1903, Holds Grad
uating Exercises at Common School
Assembly Hall.
YOUNG STUDENTS COMPLETE
COURSE AT POLYTECHNIC
CONVICTS GROCER OF
l VIOLATING LICENSE LAW
Charles Gribblc, Who Illegally Sold
Boer, Is Found Guilty by a
Police Conrt Jury.
OAKLAND, Dec. 22.— Charles Grib
ble, a grocer at Seventh and Oak
streets, was convicted by a jury to
day in Department 1 of the Police
Court of selling liquor without a li
cense. Deputy License Inspector
Franke arrested Gribble last month, af
ter evidence had been procured that th«
grocer was unlawfully dealing In bot
tled beer. The arrest was the first of
several planned by License Inspector
Ed Meek in cases similar to that of
Grtbble and among grocer3 who wejyi
supecte<i of evading the municipal^
liquor license ordinance. \ ; *. «
The prosecution was conducted by .
Prosecuting Attorney A. P. Leach. "i
The committee was informed that the
delay in receiving checks was due sole
ly to the rush of work in the general
offices and it would be utterly impossi
ble under the circumstances to have
them ready by the hour named, out
that they would be here In two or three
days. A meeting was held in Kern
City to-night by the onions which was
not concluded at midnight. Nothing
definite regarding the proceedings is
obtainable, although it .is said that the
kentlment is far from unanimous for
following up the committee's throat
»nd it is believed that no radical steps
nill be taken.
There has been much dissatisfaction
over the delay in getting the pay
checks ever since that system was in
augurated. Each month there has been
complaining, but no intimation that
radical action would be taken was
heard until to-day. Should any trouble
occur to-morrow It is expected to be
entirely local.
BAKERSFIELD. D<?c. 22.— To-day a
committee of the Southern Pacific shop
employes at this point, representing
the machinists, boilermakers, black
emlths and the helpers In all depart
ments, waited upon Superintendent
Burkhalter and Master Mechanic
French, advising them that unless the
monthly pay checks are received by 11
o'clock to-morrow morning there will
be a general cessation of work in the
chops.
men at Kern Complain About
Method of Payment. •
Committee of Southern Pacific Shop-
STRIKE IS THREATEXED
BY RAILROAD EMPLOYES
Isidor Schwartz (owner) with Val Franz
(contractor), architects Salfleld &. Kohlberg
All work for a 2-story • attic and basement
frame butldinc on • lot on S -line : of Pacific
avenue, 137:0 W of Lapuna, W 30 by S
127:8U: $1MOO. . ¦
Builders' Contracts.
Continental Building and Loan Association
to Frank Green, lot on S corner of Bryant and
Ellery streets, SW 25 by SE 80; $10.
Pacific Vacuum Ice Company (by Charles T.
Spader and Edwin Schwab, trustees) to George
L. Center. 1990 D. 99. block bounded on N by
Nineteenth street, E by Alabama street, S by
Twentieth street and W by Harrison; trustee
deed; $34,597.
?Albert Anderson to William W. Rednall. lot
on W line of Arkansas street, 125 N of Twen
ty-nfth. N 25 by W 100; $10.
Francis- P. Rhoads to John A. Buck, lot on
E line of Iowa street, 371:8 N of Twenty-fifth,
N 28 by E 100; $10. " v
John A. and Mary M. Buck to Christian C.
Erickson, same: $10.
Samuel and Francis Crozier to George F.
and Emma L. Burnett, lot on E line. of Sixth
avenue. 120 S of H street, S 25 by E 120; $10.
Andrew L. and Mrs. Andrew L.'Edwards
to Emma E. and Fred Starr, lot on. W line of
Eleventh avenue, 175 N of K street, N 25 by
W 120: $400.
Emma E. and Fred Starr to Joseph E. and
Josephine Clark, same;. $10.
Augusta Fletter to Margaret Q. Abrams, .lot
on- E lino of Forty-sixth avenue, 250 Ni of L
street, N 25 by E 120; $300. »
Oscar Heyman to James McDermott, lots
433 to 430. 438 and 430, Silver Terrace Home-.
s£ead; $10. • V . .
Frank Conradt to Argonaut Mutual ' Build
ing and Loan Association, lot on NE line of
Eleventh avenue, 175 SE of P street, SE 50
by NE 100, lots 40 and 41, block 210, Garden
vllle Homestead; $10. , ,
- Argonaut Mutual Building and Loan Asso
ciation to Thomas S. J. Haurahan, same; $10.
Sarah H. and Henry A. Howes vto John W..
Mau, lot on W corner of Thirty-first avenue
and J street. NW 25 by SW 200, lots 1 and
43, Bay View Tract; $10.
David and Bertha Abrams to Benjamin J.
O'Connor lot on E line of Franklin street, 81:6
N of Broadway. N 60 by E 37:6; $10.
City and County of San Francisco to Julia
H. Langhorne, lot on S line of Pacific avenue,
225 W of Fillmore street. W 25 by S 127:8Vi;
* •
Same to Geor(?iana M. Williams, wife of Cy
' rll, lot on W line of Scott street, 60 S of
Turk S 50 by "W 90; * .
Stephen A. and Mary I». Born to William
ltednu.ll. lot on W line of Masonic avenue,
84 :C N of Waller street, N 30 by W 100:3;
510.
Balrd estate to Robert D. Cranston, lot on
N line of Waller street. »6 E of Ashbury, E 54.
N 187:0, W 25. S 37:8. W 29. S 100; $10.
Timothy Furlonj? to Maria Kerr, lot on N
line of Sixteenth street, ' 200 W of Church,
W 23 by N 95; $10.
Maggin Rodgers to William B. Nash, lot on
E line of Noe street. 76:0 N of Twenty-second,
N 25 by E 110; J10. V-
Eugme W. and Stella H. Lick to Albert
,Komsthoeft lot on E line of Castro street.
14i» S of EiKhteenth. S 37 bj» E 250; *1O.
Joseph and Catherine Sims to Albert and
Anne M. Nielsen, lot on E line of Treat ave
nue, 130 S of Twenty-third street, S 2G by E
122 :G; |10.
Adolph and Emma Altherr to Fannie Wicks
(wife of Henry), lot on E line of Chattanooga
i«trert, 227:0 N of Twenty-third, N 32:0 by
E 117:6;- flO.
John L. and Olive J. Pinney to H. B. Pln
ney, lot on 8 line of California street. 178 :2&
W of Dupont. W C2:5V 4 , S 91:8. E 34:4%, S
28:4. E 2S:O«4. N 120; $10.
Thomas B. Eastland to Joseph L. and Al
fred F. Eastland. undlvMed half of lot on E
line of Jones street. M S of Jackson. S 24:0
by E 137:6; also undivided half of lot on-E
line of Jones street. 102 S of Jackson. S 28 by
E 137:0: also lot on B line of. Jones street,
00 N of Washington, N 03 by E 128:9; also
lot on E line of Carolina street, 125 S of
Twentieth. S 25 by E 100; $5. ' -.
William Bowden, by Fred M. Thai, commis
sioner to San Francisco Mutual Loan Associa
tion, lot on S line of FJlbert street, 160:5 W
of Leavenworth. W 22:11 by S 127:0; $1358. ¦
TUESDAY/ DECEMBER 22,
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
HELENA, Mont.. Dec. 22.— In the
Gravelle case to-day a second witness
testified to Gravelle having told him
he was the man who was doing the
dynamiting on the Northern Pacific.
This witness was Thomas Shanks,
father of Myron Shanks, the son testi
fying yesterday to the same'effect. Ac
cording, to the elder Shanks, Gravelle
often called at his house after he had
been released from prison in July. On
the night of October 14, four days be
fore Gravelle was arrested, the witness
said Gravelle told him he was going
to put dynamite that night on the
Northern Pacific track near Birds Eye.
The powder was found at that point
the next morning. The witness said
the defendant told him that there was
no one else in the dynamite plot. He
also said Gravelly told him he had no
tified the Great to run a sig
nal within twelve days. The witness
said Gravelle gave him a letter that
night to mail. It was addressed to the
vice president of the Great Northern.
Shanks said he took the letter, carried
it downtown the next day and, bring
ing it home, burned it.
Major James C. Keown, who was in
charge or the party that trailed a man
from, the Northern Pacific -track near
Blossburg to a cabin in a mountain
pass twelve miles away, testified about
the capture of Gravelle October- 18, and
so did Frank Latta, another of the
party. The State will probably con
clude its case to-morrow.
CHICAGO, Dec. 22.— Five members
of the Electrical Workers* Union, re
cently indicted for participation in a
plot to keep witnesses out of the State
and prevent them from testifying-,
pleaded guilty to-day before Judge Me-
Ewen. The men were A. B. Wilson, J.
T. Kingsbury, Charles L. White, John
M. Mahoney and William Cleft.
The case in connection with which
the men admit their guilt was that
against Harry Pelkus, an employe of
the Clerk of the Criminal Court, who
is charged with having falsified . the
court records to show that cases
against one George Gallagher, Indicted
for assaulting non-union men, had been
dismissed. It was claimed that Pelkus
received $300 for his part of the work.
It was shown by Edwin Archer, for
merly treasurer of the union, that the
money had been appropriated for the
purpose of rewarding Pelkus. Pelkus
will be tried later and Gallagher has
fled from the city.
Two officials and three other .mem
bers of Franklin Union of Press Feed
ers were indicted by the grand jury to
day, the specific charge against them
being riot. The men indicted are
Charles Woerner, president of the un
ion; John Sea, treasurer; Frederick
Mitchell, Joseph Mucher and Charles
Smith. It is said the indictments were
found on the strength of affidavits
made by men who suffered from vio
lence during the press feeders' strike.
Efforts on the part of the Jury to se
cure similar evidence against the of
ficials of the Street Car Men's Union
did not prove so successful. It was
found difficult to secure any evidence
tending to show that officials of the un
ion urged their men to violence.
Another Witness .Gives Strong
Testimony Against Gravelle
in Northern Pacific Case
President. 'William Keegan; vice president.
Freeman Hoy: recording secretary, T. Palk-
Jnrton: financial secretary. William Glmbel;
eerreant-at-arms. Frank Slaser; trustees. Jo
seph NIg'.Is. Louis Cappola and P. K. Me-
Ocvin; executive board.. Fred Tyrrell, Fred
Harbracht and John Edwards: delegates to La
bor Council. Ed Ptetzner and H. Coombe; treas
urer. Fred Barbracht.
Stationary Firemen elected the fol
lowing officers:
President C J. Weir; vice president. George
E. gtor.f-roed; treasurer. Dennie Foley; finan
cial fecrctary,. Thomas Miller; recording secre
tary. J- H. Bmlth: guide. Martin Conroy;
guardian. William Fitzgerald: delegate to State
Federation of Labor. J. H. BmJth. .
Manager Chapman of the United
Railroads, while unable as yet to fix
the sum due each of the men under
the decision of the arbitration board,
decided to pay to each employe a por
tion of the allowance, so that the men
might have some extra money for the
Christmas holiday. Some of the men
were paid the first installment yester
day and to-morrow others will be treat
ed in a like manner.
Cracker Bakers' Ufilon No. 125 elected
the following officers last night:
'OAKLAND. Dec. 22.— The following
inarriage licenses were Issued by the
County Clerk to-day: George W. Neill,
aged 41 years. Bishop, Inyo County, and
Evelyn L. Gunter. 27, Haywards, John
B. Kendall. 47. Sacramento, and Kath
erlne L. Houlton, 31, Chicago; Frank
H. Scott. 22, and Alice M. Howard, 19,
both of Ukiah: Robert F. Hollis. ?5.
and Leona O. N. Wright, 20, both of
Oakland: Frank M. Kaiser, 22. and An
nie F. Britton, 21, both of Oakland;
Thomas Duffy, 47, Phillip3burg, N. J.,
and Elizabeth Miller, 29, Alameda;
Henry A. Petersen, 21, Oa'tian*!. and
Laura S. Olsen, 19. Benicla; Cleytun
H Platt, over 21.- Oakland, and Fannie
L. Tustin, over 18,. San Franc'sco.
Marriage Licenses.
Five Members of Electrical
Workers' Union Admit Hav
ing Plotted to Defeat the Law
PLEAD GUILTY
TO INDICTMENT
DYNAMITE PLOT
BEING EXPOSED
Several Union Labor Organizations
Elect Officers for Ensuing:
Half- Year Term.
«
CHAPMAN PAYS CARMEN
PORTION OF ALLOWANCE
The 'final arrangements for the con
vention of the State Federation of
Labor have been made by the executive
committee. The officers who attended
the last meeting of the committee, held
In this city yesterday, were John David
son, president; H. A. Knox. first vice
president; T. F. Lonergan, second vice
president, and G. K. Smith, secretary
and treasurer.
T^e Cement Workers' Union will elect
officers to-morrow evening.
A union of the brickmakers of
Pleasanton was organized yesterday
afternoon. Every brlckmaker of tho
town signed the roll.
OAKLAND. Dec. 22.— A joint council
of the United Brotherhood of Carpen
ters and the Amalgamated Society of
Carpenters and Joirors -•ill be formed
in this city in accordance with the de
cision of the umpire in the recent dis
pute between tlf5T two organizations.
Each of these branches of the carpen
ters' organizations will have- a number
of representatives proportionate to its
membership. The first meeting of the
joint council will be held next Satur
day evening.
The following officers of the- Barbers'"
Union were installed last night:
G. K. Smith, president: P. D. Martin,
vice president; recorder, J. R. Davis;
secretary, "Ben" Litzenstein; treasur
er. W. W. Butler; guide, M. J. Ramos;
guard, J. J. Hubbard; financial com
mittee, William Wilson, F. Marley;
trustee, F. J. Smith; delesates to the
Federated Trades Council. G. Kl
Smith, W. W. Butler, Ben Litzen
stein; delegates to Central Labor
Council, G. K. Smith, W. W. Butler;
delegates to the State Federation of
Labor, G. K. Smith and Ben Lita
enstein. i{
Joint Council of the Two Great Car
penters' Organizations Formed
In This City.
LABOR UNIONS SETTLE 1 |
THEIR DIFFERENCES'
CHAIRMAN OF THE CITI
ZENS' BOND COMMITTEE
OF BERKELEY.
OAKLAND, Dec. 22.— A pleasant
feature of the Christmas entertain
ment given for the children of the
Sewing Society of St Mary's School
by the ladies of the Vicentlan Relief
Society was a mammoth Jack Horner's
Christmas pie. which, when opened,
revealed not plums, but a veritable
Jack Horner, who assisted in the dis
tribution of gifts to the children pres
ent. Among the ladies who aided in
the arranging of the entertainment
were: Miss Kane, Mrs. A. S.Derby, Mrs.
Georgiana Cook. Mrs. R. A. Bray, Miss
Margaret Dunn, Miss Louise Mahony,
Miss Drussell, Miss Prlchard, Miss
Wells, Miss Nellie Dimond, Miss Wol
from. Miss " Mollie King,' the Misses
Touchard and Mrs. John Francis
Smitb. The^ntertainmegt was held In
St." Mary's Hall^tt'"Eigfitn and Grove
streets. ->.
Children Enjoy Entertainment.
Mayor Scfimitz attended the meeting
of the Police Commissioners last night
and took a deep Interest in the trial of
Policeman James Fogarty. The officer
Is charged with having beaten one Sol
S. Levltus during a free-for-all fight
In front of a restaurant at 251 Taylor
street. The testimony was to the ef
fect that H. Harris, a tailor, and his
wife, were seen to enter .the restaurant
and the man was mistaken for a non
union laborer by some cloakmakers
who were on a strike.
I A committee of two from the cloak
makers visited the restaurant and a
demand was made that the proprietor
desist from feeding "scabs." The lan
guage used on the occasion by the
strikers was exceedingly vulgar. There
were women In the place and the two
' were ordered to leave. Later they re
turned with more strikers and a gen
eral fight commenced. Officer Fogarty
rushed into the crowd, was assaulted
and obliged to use his club. Later the
trouble was renewed and he was
obliged to arrest" Levltus, whom he
took for one of the leaders of the mob,
and who was engaged In a battle with
one of the proprietor's sons.
Levltus says he was not an Insti
gator of the trouble; that he hap
pened to be passing the place when it
began, but he admits that he was on
his way to the cloakhouse to see some
of his friends who. were engaged In the
strike.
Fogarty made an excellent showing
and was clven a fine recommendation
by Chief of Police . Wittman. "I put
him in that district." said the Chief,
"when men of sterling Integrity and
sound Judgment were needed there,
and he has never disappointed me.
Is a first-class officer and I have never
known him to make an unwarranted
arrest or to use his club when It was
not absolutely necessary."
A decision will be rendered at the
end of a week.
The Commissioners revoked the li
cense of Charles D. Long, an employ
ment agent on Clay street Long was
charged with having accepted fees
from laboring men for Jobs that were
not to be had. Five men who -were
but their fare, to the- Rawhide mine
and who had to walk back to this city
told their stories. Many other com
plaints of a similar character have
been made, and the commission in
tends to stop the practice of bunkoing
workingmen out of their last few dol
lars.
Harry Seguine resigned as a special
policeman and was appointed to the.
regular department A request was
made by the attorney for the Public
Administrator-elect that a special of
ficer be appointed for the office, but
the Commissioners refused to grant
the request. .
Police Commission Hears How He
Quelled a Labor Disturbance
on Taylor Street.
PATROLMAN* FOGARTY TELLS
WHY HE USED HIS CLUB
BERKELEY, Dec. 22.— J. W. Rich
ards, the choice of the citizens' bond
cfommittee for chairman, will in a few
days announce the names of the gentle-'
men of his selection for the eight sub
committees that are to Investigate and
report upon the bond issue proposi
tions. As Mr. Richards is not personal
ly acquainted with the qualifications
of the committeemen, he does not know
how to distribute them so that the best
results will be obtained and he will be
assisted by Thomas Rickard, president
of the Board of Trustees, who selected
the whole committee of forty citizens. ;
These sub-committees are expected to
begin work Immediately and be ready
to report at the next meeting of the
committee on the first Monday in Feb
ruary, which will leave ample time to
carry on thorough investigations.
"It Is really too early to say any
thing about the work of the commit
tee," said Mr. Richards to-day. "Bui
with the help of Mr. Rickard I will ap
point committees that will collect data
on the different items proposed for the
bond issue that will be valuable .as
campaign material, If- nothing else.
There can be no doubt that the city is
in need of all-the Improvements spoken
of at last night's meeting, but unless
the greatest care Is exercised in keep-
Ing the proposed bond issue down, the
people will not vote for it The great
est argument that will be used agalnr.t
the bonds will be the burden it will add
to the already heavy taxes, a matter
which was the , theme of several ad
dresses last night."
Not the least important sub-commit
tee will be the one on taxation. It will
be the duty of this committee not only
to ascertain the cost that will be en
tailed by the bonds, but to examine
Into the proposition of consolidation
with Oakland and Alameda into a city
and county government The city and
county government Is gaining converts
even in Berkeley, though a short time
ago the people were for an Independent
city. This change of heart, and
thought Is being brought about by the
argument that the taxea would be re
duced at least $1 on the $100 valuation
If the cost of ' government- Is reducsd.
The city, county and State taxes In
Berkeley this year amounted to S $2 67
on the $100 valuation, which In many
property owners' cases meant paying
double the amount of taxation as last
year. If it can be shown that at least
a dollar will be lopped off this tax rate
by consolidation, there will be a rapid
change of sentiment in regard to keep-
Ing Berkeley a separate city. At any
rate It will be the Important duty of
the sub-committee on taxation to pub
lish figures that will show the advan
tages or disadvantages of Consolida
tion.
A young couple fooled an old one
at U^iah this morning and came to
this city this afternoon and were
married by Justice of the Peace
Quinn. The young groom gave his
age as 22 and his name as Frank H.
Scott. His bride is Miss Alice M.
Howard, and she is just 19. Her fam
ily lives in Ukiah and made strenuous
objections to th.e match upon the gen
eral grounds of the couple's youthful
ness and the inability of the groom to
take up the responsibilities of the
married state.
The young people met the difficulty
by eloping.
While waiting for the Justice to
come to perform the ceremony, Miss
Howard said: "My parents would not
give their consent to our getting mar
ried, so we just came away without
letting them know anything about it."
The young husband said: "My peo
ple liev at Anaheim and we are going
to Los Angeles this evening. From
there I am going to . take ray wife to
my father's home.
"I have been employed In Ukiah for
some time. We wanted to get mar
ried up there, but her father and
mother would not give their consent,
so we just got aboard the train.with
out letting any one know anything
about it. I guess It's too late now to
care, as the deed Is done."
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway. Dec. 22.
A 1 young, woman whose Identity is
unknown was attacked by a man in
the university grounds while going to
her home, at noon yesterday. The fiend
had evidently singled out his intended
victim, as' he_ lay In wait in a path
usually taken by the young woman in
• going toward North Berkeley. Before
she could escape he grabbed her about
the waist and tried to drag her with
him. She was a match for him, how
ever, and struggled and screamed so
hard that he was at laSt 'glad to re
lease his hold and allow her to go.
The storv of the asr_ult was cited
by Trustee M. L. Kyder at the meet-
Ing of the Citizens* Bond Committee
to show the Inadequacy of the Berke
ley police force, whose four men. he
said, could not be expected to cope
with crime In a city spread over such
an area.
Mr. Ryder's wife, to whom the story !
was first told, refused to-day to reveal
the name of the young woman who was
attacked, as she had been sworn to se
crecy. She said, however, that the vic
tim had often seen the man who at
tacked he-.
Berkeley Office San Francisco Call,
2148 Center Street. Doc. 22.
"You have been fixing and endeavor-
Ing to fix petty cases. Jarr.cs, so Ions
that now whon you realize that you
have failed to fix this case you become
enraged and Insulting to this court and ;
to the attorney for the defendant.
Judge A. F. St. Sure." said Justice
Tappan, "I believe that the time h«*3
come when your peculiar methods
should be exposed and If you ever r.p
pear before me again and pursue the
tactics that you have during this trial
you will bring serious trouble upon
yourself. I am satisfied In my own
mind that this action was brought by
I you to scare this defendant into pay-
Ing you $10. You have failed to mate
good any of your accusations against
the young man and the case is dis
missed."
Attorney James admitted that he had
not proven the allegations he made as
: the complaining witness when he swore
that his namesake was In the employ
1 of J. D. Rogers and that he had em
bezzled $10, and evinced a remarkable
willingness to have the whole matter
dropped. Henry James" legal repre
sentative. Judge St. Sure, clearly
brought out that his client had never
been In the employ of Rogers and that
he had never embezzled any money
from Rogers, although he had borrowed
various small sums, which he paid
back In due time.
ALAMEDA, Dec. 22.— Attorney How
ard K. James arou?ed the judicial ire of
City Justice R. P.. Tappan this morn
ing during thf? trial of II?nry Jam-*,
the boy charged with" embezzlement,
by Insinuating that the court had dis
played bias in the case and as a result
the offending lawyer received a verbal
castigation that was trying while it
lasted.
Frank Scott and 'Alice How
ard Resolve That Opposition
Shall Not Keep Them Apart
Trustee Ryder Cites a Case to
Show the Need for More
Police Protection in Town
Warns Barrister That if He
Repeats Offenses He Will
Encounter Serious Tronble
May Ask for Recognition in
the Hiring and Discharge
of Men on All Street Lines
In the union, it is sai-1. a plan is being
agitated to bring these matters to an
issue as early as possible, and it is re
ported that the organization intends to
stand firm on the question of its right
to say v, hen a man shall be discharged.
This question formed part of the origin
al demands of the carmen last year,
but was eliminated before the final con
sideration of their case . was under
taken by the board of arbitration. Ac
cording to information gleaned from
men on the lines, the union will present
Jts case to the management of the road
during the month of January.
Much anxiety is being shown by
the management of the United Rail
roads over stories that have been
lately circulated to the effect that
the Carmen's union is preparing to
demand further concessions from the
corporation. Although the represent
atives of both the railroad and the
union decline to discuss, the possibil
ity of further trouble, the report has
been current for several days that the
employes are dissatisfied with the re
cent findings of the board of arbitra
tion and that the officials of the union
lire about to present to Manager Chap
man a series of demands which will
include an increase of wages and the
recognition of the union in the dis
charge and employment of men.
According to the reports in circula
tion the recent ruling of Oscar
Ptraus, awarding the men a sched
ule of wages of 27 »£, 26 V4. and 25
cents an hour, is proving unsatisfac
tory, in that it is not a sliding sched
ule and has a tendency to demoral
ize th-? organization.
In lieu of the present schedule, it is
said that the men will demand a flat
rate of 33 1-3 cents an hour, which will
place all of the men on an equal foot
ing. Of late the union has declared
that the company has been discharging
employes for alleged infractions of the
rules, but in reality, so it is claimed,
because the men are receiving the
higher rate of wages or because of their
supposed activity in the workings of
lYtp union.
The Governor acted independently of
the Pardon Board, which never took
any action in the case. It was based on
petitions signed by more than 1000 de
positors of the bank.
LANSING. Mich., Dec. 22.— Governor
Bliss said to-night that in granting a
parole to Frank C. Andrews his action
was due to his investigation, which con
vinced him that, if at liberty. Andrews
could materially aid in ending litiga
tion over the affairs of the bank and in
realizing from the assets. Thus he felt
that Andrews could be of great service
to the depositors.
Prosecutor Hunt severely arraigned
Governor Bliss for his action in the
matter.
Prosecuting Attorney O. F. Hunt of
Wayne County said to-night that he
had not been consulted by the Governor
in relation to the parole of Andrews.
Hunt said there were three other
charges pending against Andrews, and
that he would begin at once an investi
gation as to whether Andrews could be
placed on trial on these other charges.
The pending charges are for misappli
cation of the bank's funds and certi
fying a false report to the Banking
Commissioner.
DETROIT, Mich., Dec. 22.— Governor
Bliss has signed a parole for Frank C.
Andrews, former vice president of the
wrecked City Savings Bank of Detroit.
Andrews, who has been confined in the
State prison at Jackson since November
13, 1902, was released to-night, lie was
convicted of misapplication of funds
of the bnnk. The technical charge was
In connection with an $S000-check, but
the evidence Introduced at the trial
covered money and credit of the bank
to the amount of more than $1,500,000,
although the bank's capital was' only
$150,000. The City Savings Bank was
closed February 10, 1902, by the State
Banking Commission and the subse
quent trial of Andrews, who was, at
the time of his arrest, Police Commis
sioner of the city of Detroit, was highly
sensational.
Arraigns Executive for His
Action as He Acted Inde
pendently of the Pardon
PROSECUTION IS ANGERED
GOING TO LOS ANGELES
TALKS CASE FIXING
SCREAMS FRIGHTEN HIM
WANT NEW WAGE SCALE
Carmen's Union Is Said to Be
Preparing New Demands on
Management of Local Roads
Ukiah Lovers Elope When Girl's
Parents Object to Their Mar
riagtf and Wed in Oakland
Justice R. B. Tappan Resents
Insinuation of Bias Made
by Attorney During Trial
Wretch Waylays His Intended
Victim on Path Upon Which
She Is Going Toward Home
Governor Bliss Releases Former
Vico President of Wrecked
Bank From the Penitentiary
RAILWAY MEN
GROW UNEASY
SIGNS PAROLE
FOR ANDREWS
WOMAN REPELS
FIEND'S ATTACK
COURT SCORES
LAWYER JAMES
CHOICE OF SUB-COMMITTEES
IS UNDER CONSIDERATION
J. W. Richards Will Soon Announce Names of
Those Who Will Attend to the Various Mat
ters" in Connection With Proposed 'Bond Issue
YOUNG PEOPLE
DEFY ELDERS
1HE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, DECEMBER 23, 1903.
4
Dyspepsia
and other stomach trouble*
quickly relieved and in most cases
surely cured by the use of
.iThissci^tificgernjicide is abso-
lutely fjcrmlejs; it subdues the
inflammation of the mucous mem-
brane of the stomach, and by re-
moving the cause, effects a cure.
Used and recommended by leading- phy-
sicians. Take no substitute and see that
each bottle bears my signature. Trial size,-
Sl.OO, at drucjists or by mail, from
\ jnTJlTrftf-^Yt'tglirti 7^*
l *%
61.0 Fxtae* St. - 2Tnr Tor*
Sendjor Booklet.
ADVERTISEMENTS.HOTEL. MANAGER'S COIX
TAKEX BY HIGHWAYMAN
„' George W. Jamison, who is also
known as Watson, was arrested yes
terday, and his name placed en the de
tinue, bopk at' the .Central police station.
F.' M. Black,, a dining car conductor,
claims that the prisoner has secured
goods to the value of $300 in his name
around town. Black says he befriended
Jamison and that the latter took ad
vantage*of ¦, one of his . trips out of town
to secure jewelry and goods on his ac
count. '¦:¦'-
Deceived His Benefactor.
CHICAGO, Dec. 22. — "Dead. because
she thought she had been poisoned"
was the singular verdict pronounced
by Coroner's Physician Springer to
day after performing an autopsy on'
the' body of Virginia; Jackson, an aged
"colored woman. The autopsy was per
formed in. the belief that the strange
circumstances of the woman's death
were indicative of murder.
} ~"This- old woman thought she had
been poisoned," said Springer, "and it
affected >her heart to such an extent
that it killed her. The heart actually
burst." ; '
: A neighbor gave her medicine and
she concluded on feeling ill imme
diately afterward that she had been
poisoned. The fear of death killed
her. •• I-."' ..' ¦ .. ' . >
Belief That She Had Been Poisoned
'•• Affects the Heart and Causes It
• to Collapse.
FEAR OF DEATH KILLS
AGED COLORED WOMAN
TOKIO, Dec. 22. — It is asserted In
official circles here that the Japanese
reply to Russia rejects the fundamental
points at issue, which are understood
to include mutual guarantees for the
preservation of Chinese and Korean
sovereignty, while securing their Indi
vidual interests. The. situation is
graver than since the commencement
of the negotiations, but is still suscep-:
tible to a pacific sojution, if Russia will
quickly reconsider, her reply.
The fact that Foreign Minister Ko-
Ka«sian Proposals on the Main Points
at Issue Are Rejected.
TEXT OF JAPANESE REPLY.
PEKING, Dec. 22.— The Chinese offi
cials are awakening to the partition
confronting China in the event of a
Russo-Japanese war and they are
greatly distressed. Wp Ting Fang has
been urging the United States legation,
on his own responsibility, to seek a
special audience of the Dowager Em
press and impress upon her China's
perilous position and the need of a
strong army. .
Chipa will attempt to remain neu
tral, though doubtless she will be sub
jected to strong Japanese pressure to
participate In a conflict for the preser
vation of her integrity. The officials
here recognize that the remnant of
China's sovereignty in Manchuria Is
lost if Russia succeed, and see the dif
ficulty of China avoiding becoming en
tangled in a war on her own territory.
War Likely to Mean the Dismember
ment of the Empire.
SAD PLIGHT OF CHINA.
LONDON, Dec. 22.— The British ar
mored cruiser King Alfred was com
missioned at Portsmouth to-day for
the China station, to which she will
take ..relief crews for the battle-ship
Glory and other vessels. I
! British Cruiser Ordered to China.
ROME.- Dec. 22. — It is reported that Cardinal
Merry del Val, the Paaal Secretary, of Stale,
will soon leave the Borsia detsartment In th»
Vatican, the occupation of which by the Car
dinal has elven rise to much discussion. . .
CHICAGO, Deo. 22.— It was . announced to
day at the convocation of th« University, of,
Chicago that donations amount ir.gr to 91.&9O.
000 had been received from John D. Rocke
feller, founder of the university.
BERLIN, Dec. "23. — The Tageblatt's
correspondent at St. Petersburg says it
is stated in financial circles that the
Russian Government is sounding Ber
lin bankers regarding the floating of a
loan amounting to $125,000,000.
The Russian Government, the corre
spondent says, thinks it can use the
negotiations for a commercial treaty
between Prussia and Germany as a club
to compel the German Government to
permit the loan.
Sounding' Berlin Bankers Regarding
the Floating of a Loan.
RUSSIA LOOKING FOR MONEY.
TRYING TO AVERT CRISIS.
Delcasse . and Lansdownc .Appeal to
Russia and Japan.
- PARIS, Dec. 22.— Confirmation was
obtained from official sources to-day of
the reports that ' Foreign Secretary
Lansdowne and Foreign Minister Del
casse, within the last few days, have
made strong representations at Tokio
with the view to averting a crisis be
tween Russia and Japan. There is rea
son to believe that those representa
tions, coming at the critical moment
when Japan's reply was being handed
to the Russian Minister, Baron de
Rosen, exercised a powerful restrain
ing influence. This is especially, true
of Lord Lansdov.-ne, owing to Great
Britain being the ally of Japan.
The terms of the Japanese reply are
not yet known here, but, owing to the
action taken by Great Britain and
France, the officials are confident that
her answer permits or a continuance
of the diolomatic negotiations toward
obtaining common grounds for an
agreement.. •
The officials of the Japanese legation
insist .that they do not believe there is
any immediate danger of war between
Russia and Japan and express the opin
ion that the dispute will be settled ami
cably. They add, however, that Japan
will not abandon any of her rights in
Manchuria and say that, if a conflict
COPENHAGEN. Pec. 22.— The Scandina
v:en->nj»rir«.n line I'nited Eraten from
N«w York aTTiv«(J her*> to-day with 850 Scan
dinavians from the 1'nited States en board.
Th*>y »r* to fr^Tid ''hristman with r*lativ»*.
Th* influx of «:hriFtmaF *-xcun!lc.nl*t* from th«
I'nitfd State* i* unprecedented.
section of the city, and the robber evi
dently knew his victim. Hart started
to run for a car and the robber ran
after him, and, covering him with. a
gun. * compelled him to part with a
$300 diamond stud, his watch and $34.
Hart could give no description of the
highwayman.
According to the correspondent it is
said .in .Tientsin --that a' number of
Japanese warships are concentrating
in the "vicinity of Port Arthur.
nese military authorities will co-oper
ate with Japan.
LONDON, Dec. 23.— The Daily
Mail's Kobe correspondent says it Is
reported that the Japanese Govern
ment is chartering numerous steam
ships as transports, including three be
longing to the Nippon Yusen Kaisha,
a Japanese steamship company.
At the London offices of the Nippon
Tusen Kaisha, in response to inquiries,
it was declared that nothing was
known there of such action . on the
part of Japan. The officials of the
company expressed the opinion there
would be no war &nd that there had
not been even an intimation received
by the company that the Government
desired to requisition its steamers. As
a matter of fact, the officials declared,
their vessels were following their usual
programme.
The Daily Mail's Tientsin corre
spondent learns, upon what he says is
good authority, that in the event of
war betwen Russia and Japan the Chi-
JAPAN* CHARTERS TRANSPORTS.
China May Co-operate in the Event of
Hostilities.
Tamagno, the • greatest tenor of the
age. has- turned his enormous success
toward the accumulation of a colossal
fortune, and is now a millionaire. He is
without a doubt the greatest artist the
•world has ever known, and the informa
tion that Sherman, Clay & Co., have se
cured Victor Talking Machine records of
his wonderful voice is of great import.
It is said that the Victor Talking Ma
chine people spent $20,000 for these
records. Sherman. Clay & Co. are sell
ing them to owners of Victor Talking
Machines at $5. 00. each.
occur, they believe the Japanese will
obtain the first victory on the sea.
Tamagno Sings.
mile* from CentraMa went crazy last
night from prolonged drinking and
arming himself with two rifles and re
volver attempted to exterminate his
family.
The man's wife and daughters fled
from the hou^e his son was forced
to jump from an upper story window
to escape the murderous father. After
driving his family to the woods and fir
ing several shot? after them, Cook lock
ed himself in his room. One of the
neighbors came to town and returned
with City Marshal Shields of CentraJia
and Deputy Sheriff Schliter of Chehalis.
\ When the officers reached Cook's
*inme Shields knocked on the door. He
succeeded in persuading Cook to ad
mit him and getting between the crazy
man and his guns. Rave a signal that
his assistants through the win
dows. Cook struggled desperately to
prt his weapons but was finally hand
cuffed and taken to the county jail.
Washington'Rancher Drinks Until His
Reason Is Dethroned and Then
Attempts to Murder.
TACOMA. Wash., Dec 22.-J. D. Cook,
a rancher living on Lincoln Creek, four
FORCES HIS FAMILY
TO TAKE TO THE WOODS
The Japanese Government proposes,
immediately, to undertake the comple
tion of the Seoul-Fusan railroad under
the direct supervision of Japan.
Popular sentiment and the press are
eagerly -urging the Government to set
a limit to the "Rifssian tactics of ag
gression and insolent negligence."
mura called upon Baron de Rosen, the
Russian Minister, yesterday, instead of
Baron de Rosen calling on Komura, is
explained by the fact that the Baron
is suffering from an ear affection. But
the explanation has obvious diplomatic
significance, and is interpreted to mean
that Japan is determined not to afford
Russia possible ground for claiming
Japanese impetuosity as an excuse.
Komura's communication is not be
lieved, officially, to necessarily be tan
tamount to an ultimatum, as rumored.
War preparations continue apace.
The troops and the warships could sail
at five minutes' notice.
Through inquiry by cable of Min
ister Conger at Peking, the State De
partment has learned that the Chinese
Government has not ratified the im
perial treaty with -the United States,
which was ratified by the United States
Senate last week. This information
has caused some uneasiness, as it is
feared that influence is being brought
to bear on China to decline to ratify.
Conger has been instructed to urge
upon the Chinese authorities the ne
cessity of ratifying the treaty so that
it may be made effective at an early
date. Under the terms of the treaty
the Manchurian ports of Moukden,and
Antung are to be opened to foreign
trade and a 'new tariff is to become
operative as soon as specifications are
changed.
WASHINGTON. Dec. 22. — A great
deal of anxiety is 'expressed in diplo
matic circles in Washington about the
state of affairs in the Far East. The
latest dispatches from Japan indicate
not only a sudden increase in the ex
tent of the Russian demands, but, it is
asserted, added arrogance in the man
ner in which they are presented, not
only in Tokio, but also in Peking and
Seoul.
It appears, according to a statement,
that Russia has steadily increased the
exigency of her demands ever since
last August; that while pretending to
take into consideration the moderate
and reasonable suggestions of Japan,
every fresh instruction* from St .Peters
burg has been couched in terms more
and more exacting, till at last it is
hard to resist the conclusion that Rus
sia has* determined to force the issue
of hostilities upon Japan without fur
ther delay.
She now absolutely refuses to dis
cuss with Japan the question of the in
tegrity of China or the equality of
commercial opportunity there, claim
ing at the same time a division of
spheres of influence in Korea.
The explanation which is generally
given among diplomats in Washington
is that the Russian Government must
have made arrangements for at least
benevolent neutrality with Germany,
and this is borne, out by Chancellor
von Bulow's reply to Herr Bebel on
December 10, in which, \«hen chal
lenged by the Socialist Deputy with
complicity in the Russian scheme of
aggrandizement, Von Bulow persist
ently refused to deny that there was
such understanding, but announced
the entire indifference of Germany to
anything that Russia might do in
China.
Special Dispatch to The Call,
China Fails to Act
on Treaty With
America.
DIPLOMAT WHO IS STRIV
ING TO PREVENT WAR IN
THE FAR EAST.
Mclntyre sold all of his
about three weeks ago and stated that
he was going to Arizona to engage in
mining. He was not seen again so far
as is known by any person who knew
him. How much money he had is not
known, but it was not a large sum.
No money was found on the body and
no trace of the man's hat could be dis
covered.
It Is possible that Mclntyre may have
committed suicide, for one end of the
reservoir is shallow and by j plunging
into the water there he could have in
flicted the wound on his head, but the
Covina officers cannot account for the
money which the man. is known to
have had upon his 'person, nor was
there any known reason for suicide.
Mclntyre had lived alone near
Covina for years and had no relatives
in this part of the country. He was
formerly a prospector, but for years
had engaged in ranching on rented
land. The Sheriff's officers who were
sent from Los Angeles to investigate
the case reported to-rilght that, al
though'they believe the man committed
suicide, there are so many mysterious
circumstances attending the case that
they are not prepared to abandon the
murder theory..- .-.-.. e .// s* ¦ ~.
LOS ANGELES, Dec. 22.— The body
of a man, supposed to-be that of Jame3
Mclntyre, was found this evening in
the reservoir of the Covlna Ranch and
Water Company at Covkia, There was
a wound on, the side of the head and
the skull . was fractured. The hands
were tightly clasped- on ;! the breast,
which is taken to indicate that the
man did not die frdm drowning. The
Covina authorities Incline to the belief
that the man was, murdered.
The body was first seen by telephone
linemen from the top of a pole. It was
taken to Covina and it was not until
late to-night that the remains were'
identified, three men who had known
Mclntyre for years asserting that it js
his body.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
TACOMA, "Wash., Dec. 22.— Between
.Saturday night and Sunday morning
*3. huge hole, 100 feet deep by four feet
in diameter, mysteriously appeared in
the garden of Edmund Morton's resi
dence, on G street, opposite, the Court
, house. The cause of this strange col
lapse of earth remains a mystery after
three days of investigation by Morton's
family, their neighbor? and many oth
ers who have visited the spot.
Several weeks ago a slight depression
¦was noticed on the lawn on the south
Fide of the house, the sod sinking over
a space about four feet in diameter.
This depression deepened into a small
hole, in which the children of the
neighborhood amused themselves by
leaping and trying to secrete them
selve*. Not until Sunday did any one
drram ct the narrow escapes these lit
tle ones had from death.
Saturday night the hole was as it had
been for some time. Nothing in its
appearance suggested a subterranean
passage. The heavy rains of the past
two wwks are believed to have some
connection with the otherwise unex
plained phenomenon. Water running
along some underground stratum had
removed the supporting earth. Satur
day night the upper layers of dirt in'the
hole were carried away.
} Underground rivers are numerous in
this section, being frequently struck
by well borers on the gravel prairie
south of Tacoma. Some think this hole
resulted directly from such cause,
others believe that in early days an old
wen existed there and was subsequently
filled in. No evidence of such well has
yet been obtained.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Suicide Theory Is Advanced,
but* Authorities Cannot Ac
count for Loss' of Money
Subterranean River May Have
Caused the Break Which In
vestigation Fails to Explain
MYSTERY SHROUDS DEATH
MANY CHILDREN IN PERIL
Mysterious Deep Hole Appears
Near a Residence Opposite
the Courthouse in Tacoma
Body (of a Man Is Found
Flqayng ? in a- Reservoir
in Southern California
EARTH OPENS
IN A GARDEN
POLICE THINK
IT WAS MURDER
RUSSIA IS DETERMINED TO FORGE JAPAN INTO WAR;
DIPLOMATS IN WASHINGTON ABANDON HOPE OF PEACE
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL. WEDNESDAY, DECEMBER 23, 1903.
Well-Known Resident of Los Angeles
Held Up and Robbed of a
. ' . ILarge Sum.
LOS "ANGELES, Dec. 22. — D. H.
Hart, member of the firm of Hart
Bros., proprietors of the Natick and
Rosslyn hotels, was held up by a
masked highwayman shortly before
midnight to-night and robbed of
money and valuables of the aggregate
value of $400.
The crime was committed on Juliet
street, in the extreme southwestern
5
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Choice Selections to Choose From.
Novel and exclusive designs in ¦¦*¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦'
every/department.
"We invite inspection of goods and -
A -TALKING -MACHINE FOR CHRISTMAS .
AND WHERE TO BUY IT./
! Kohler* Chase offer Talk-" )\'
ing Machine customers by far .(/¦' \
the most advantages. * )
In our Talking Machine
Department, which is the "^^^jfj"
largest on the. Coast, we offer -YV~\
every make of machine," s **«^
the marvelous Zon-O- ¦
phone with the 20th cen- 3|Pt
tury. improved sound box, the - (Stt'jj
latest on the market; the \—>'^ • \,
popular Victor and . the
Edison and Columbia.
The latest addition to our stock of records brings the num-
ber up^ to 70 thousand, far more than any other house.
.'Private rooms are provided tor customers to select rec-
ords and machines: An easy payment plan is provided for
those who do not desire to pay cash. The prices are the lowest,
in San Francisco on reliable goods. Th^ stock is the most com-
plete. .^The : audience selects the programme at our free daily
concerts from 2 to 4 o'clock. Yqu are invited.* Open evenings.
KOHLER & CHASE Est rs b sr d
POST and KEARNYSTS. .
The bniineas of Kohler * Chase largely exceed* in volume an! nlas
that of any other mnaio house In the West. Brffi
YOUR
TO BUY
* KAST'S SHOES
AT
HALF PRICE
The Creditors say they
must have the money
right away— no matter
what becomes of the
shoes.
..COME.. .
At once and save % money
on your shoes, as we are
going to wind up this
sale as soon as possible.
A full line of LADIES'' and
GENTLEMEN'S SLIPPERS
suitable for Christmas Gifts are
included In this sale.
%i : '
A. JOSEPH, Receiver
J04-H0 GEARY STREET
. ? OPEN EVENINGS
ADVERTISEMENTS.
'g Open to-night and. to-morrow night
i In Great Variety--at Moderate Prices
J Everything you can possibly want under one roof — and at a saving. ¦ Gome
j 'early this morning, before the great rush sets in. Every modern shopping con-
J ventence awaits you here. Assortments. still superb.
K Jewelry Celluloid Goods Diamonds Toys Suits Jardinieres Slippers .
% Clocks Leather Goods Watches Games Cigars Bronzes Cigars
Jf Silverware Nickel Goods Neckwear Furs Tobacco Men's Wear Cninawear
j£ Silver Novilties Handkerchiejs Cut Glass Cloaks • Lamps Cameras Toys, etc.
K Many special Holiday Sales now in progress, which make it possi-
\ ble for you to buy two gifts for what you expected to pay for one— for
j: example :
I Clothing for Men Cloak and Suit
\ and Boys Clearance Sale
t£ A Iargj assortment of particularly attractive suits -for '
J men in the, fancy cheviots, tweeds and cassimercs tb at Many people who believe in making"
«£ were derignsd for thii wint:r'i wear; rio bus terge. and black p^Ctical holiday giftS are taking adV3n~
| ta § e of . tne unusual opportunity offered
$e ihouidera »nd hiir cloth fronts, either lingfe or double breuted by the big store in commencing its winter clear-
* sack co Jt3 -arc offered by the big store &fl2 QQ ance sale of suits and cloaks in Decembeninstead
if "'0' ' * " ' * .' ' ' ; !r *-rJr of in January, as is customary.
i Also a Line of Men's Overcoats— Of fine all-wool Ox-
jj ' fordj, black cheviots and fancy mixture*, either roidiurn or extra From One-third to t\VO-thirds has beenideducted
if lengths, induing ths fashionable belted <£» f £X 0%fh from original prices of all surplus stocks to effect
% backsty.es; extr, value, at .... immediate c , eararlC e.
jf Mens Fancy Vests— In wash matenali, pain white and fancy
5 I^^^O-Ja^^;^^ $5m00 SW.00 for Mixture Suits-were $17.50
J Boys' 2-Pieee Suits. $2.05— An extra special offering, made of $1OmOO iOT Cheviot Suits— WCre $21.50
J* itaur, well-wearing fabrics in tht prevailing winter colorings, $14.95 for Sicilian Suits — were $30.00
-» double-breastrd coats and Jcnee pantt, for ftf^'9 sO ESZ &ir? rn a »«• <- • »-»o _«.
6 ages 8 to 1 5 years . . . ip/£,aZJ/& $1 i m5O for iMixture Suits— were 528.50
Boys' Blut Strge Sailor Suits— An excellent quality of Krge, $2 5t00 for Cheviot Suits — were $35.00
«f .well cut and well made, the wide sailor collars, trimmed with £4f? /|O «„• Voili«#» C.'.I«<> »»««¦> <-- rvrt
| . black or white ,uk braid, S i«. for 3 to io £^ Qg~ 9J5.UU for Veiling Suits-were $w.00
3 You'th" 'owrco.tsloxford gr.vi winter weight, cu "long and A ? d similar reductions have been made in all
*T fu!), $nhcd pockets, velvet coJars, sizts {ft "y Kff% sections of the tvomen s departments, inducting
K for 15 t3 20 years . . %P m M*9*B coals, skirts, waists and fine costumes.
f. T \
II Furs 1-3 OH Choice of Any choice of Any
* Annual Clearance j^ PcrsiSMn Or Piece of
* Sale Now Instead of «_ _ -_ w *
Sf in January Fltr Rug FUPiHtUrB
?-. Useful gifts for women, misses and children. gmm OIMS* StOC§€
fl There is nothing a litt'.e girl appreciates more {excepting kitchen)
ii than an Angora set. Z&T 'ff «r ttff
$ Sets for Misses and Children " **" * ** "** ¦ Mil Our StOCk
5 p ' V "••••• JL 8 ° n i0 f I 8 ' 5 ? Including the Timber at 2 Q Per Cent
»' FurScarfj. . . . S6.OO and Upwards TT - ,, , __ _ eMi *%M r~GI- %*9Sn%
J, Fur Boa». . . $8.45 to $90.00 Ivolf and Young Bear Off RBaular Price
5 E'ectric Sial Coats $27. SO and $33 r> s ir-r- j ncyuataM t-WM^tS
fif Nearseal Gnt, . . $32.50 and $85 from Michigan and T/ . r , markahU n ffr r{n(r
* Persian Limb Coats S9S.OO to 816* the fnrrsts of thr Nnrth~rrst remarkable offering
\ *» Real Seal Coat, for .... $W7 m 5O tne J° rests of tne l\ ort/ict est to glvers o f practical Xmas
* -until closing time to-mor- gifts positively ends to-mor-
\\ One-lhird'off above prices now. row night. . row night.
Iff , • -
| Fine Smoking special sate Extra Values
| Jackets $5.00 s£v£ZnLm : in Bs ** h Robes
£ Our assortment of handsome Smoking , jrn<M rtUQS These especially low priced bath
* m Jackets and house coats is still most - - tt99 A4 ¦ robes will make useful and most ap-
f complete. We offer a very hand- :,¥*""•"** propriate holiday gifts.
i *? some line of all wool Oxford gray AU wool, 9x12 f;et Smyrna Rug*— one of Men's Bath Rofaes^-Of handsome
,5f chiviot jackets, with contrasting the best qualities made every pattern ««_ Terry cloths, in Turkish and Ro-
I black and white or red and black S^ man'striped effect,, beautifully
jlf plaid facings, prettily made up with quality; specially reduced for a holiday made up; S3 $3.50,$4.00,
J silk cord edges and 4*gS fl(% »* Ie <° tf9O 8*5 $5.OO,$6.OO™*$7.5O
J silk frogs; at . . &&*UU ... ., .. . Men>> Elde ' rdown Bath Robes _
|g We believe this to be the I -^ ' —^r ' \$5.OO (O $10.00
Vti smoking jicket value p a r jCc^ f i ' 9 Meal m * nkez Material Bath
|S • . W to » be fe»«i i^/^>W///J^' U™Zsi*:°?»«f«HR?£
\tt in the city to-day. O.her £ +^%S M £*7tS W Is&SAtJ t —With fitted backs, large sailor
} aV .' prgtty jackets from CALIFORNIA'S LARGEST- \_£-^ m^^^mt^^^~~~~~^*^^ collars, handsomely finished and
*[ $7m50(O $10.00 -— iii^Hflfi'nrli un rica-s grandest store . . $5.OO to $W.OO
THE EMPORIUM
THE EMPORIUM
THE EMPORIUMroof of a skyscraper in New York's
busiest center — that of the skeleton
of a man who had committed suicide.
The self-murderer had not been heard
of for many months and no one knew
what had become of him. The ghast
ly solution of the mystery was pecu
liar-and attended with such circum
stances of horror that it might havH
stimulated the imagination of a new
Edgar Allen Poe. — New York Trib
une.
Look out for 79 Fourth street (front of Keys'
oyster house;' genuine ,'eyfglasses, £0c to 50c. ?
¦IXMWIWI i| >l i limnim mi ii nil iii i i'i ill nil
':, former* Arizona Delegate Dies. ¦
•; ; PRESCOTT" Ariz., Dec. 22.— John G.
Campbell, a former; delegate to Con-
WASHINGTON.' Dee. 22.— The . bodies of
forty-two private soldiers who lost their lives
In the , Philippines and , were brought to this
country - on ; the . transport . Kllpat rlrk were
buried with military . honors' at the National
\Temctery at Arlington- to-day. . •
TOWER HILL. 111.. Dec, 22.— Burglars blew
open the safe of the Tower . Hill . Bank and
took $5000 In 'cash.- They escaped in a stolen
bu&cgy, . with members of;th» Antl-Horsethlef
Association In pursuit:- - . '
A^ALLEJO, Dec. 22.— The best In
formation obtainable is ', to the effect
that the torpedo-boat destroyers Paul
Jones and Preble will start for Pan
ama to-morrow. Lieutenant Com
mander Washington : I. Chambers has
arrived from the torpedo, station at
Narragansett Bay to go south with the
vessels. Lieutenant W. D. Davidson
has been ordered /to the destroyer
Perry. '.',.•- .• • i" : "' ¦¦ ''-.; ".,
The first portions of the keel of. the
training ship Intrepid were : , laid •at
Mare Island to-day. The first rivet
will be driven January 7. tSgjSUJ
Preble and Paul Jones Mny Leave for
Panama To-Day.
TORPEDO-BOATS TO START.
Member of Canal Commission Is
rieascd with the Situation.
NEW YORK. Dec. 22.— Rear Admiral
John G. Walker, the United ., States
representative on. the Isthmian Canal
Commission, arrived here to-day from
; Colon on the steamer Seguranca. In an
interview Admiral Walker said:
"I arrived In Panama on November
15 and have been kept pretty busy. , I
went over the canal route and inspect
ed the properties of the company and
found them in good condition. As to
conditions / In Panama, I was very
much pleased with what I saw. Every
thing is quiet there now and the. people
are ve*y happy. Business is growing
? ; . ; ¦ . - V ->¦
ADMIRAL WALKER RETURNS.
SACRAMENTO, Dec. 22.— Frank'
Roth, who' was, killed by a train near
Pueblo, Colo., yesterday, formerly,
'conducted a harness factory in this
city. ' He ¦¦went to Colorado some time
ago to engage in mining. He was on
his way home to spend Christmas with
his mother and sister, in this" city,'
when killed. .
E. W. Albright, one of the oldest and
most popular. employes of the quarter
master's depot In this city, died yesr
terday morning^ at -his home, . 1251
Twenty-seventh 'avenue, Oakland. He
had been 111 with heart trouble for some
time.' Albright entered the service at
St. Louis and worked In many cities
of the Union. He remained at his pest
in- this 'city for more than twenty-one
years .'and his' death is deeply felt by
his many fellow workmen, with whom
he was exceedingly ipopular. Albright
was 69 years old and leaves a wife and
four children; ; s \ r ' :
Death Mars Christmas Journey.
E. W. Albright .Passes Away.
SAN JUAN, Porto Rico, Dec. 22/— It
is said on excellent authority that Gen
eral Wos y Gil, * former President of
Santo Domingo, and all of his followers
here have secured new . recruits in
Porto Rico and Intend sailing via
Hayti for Santo Domingo on a. French
Bteamer January 4 for the purpose of
starting a . new revolution to replace
General Wos y Gil ; in the Presidential
chair!
CAPE HAYTIEN, Dec. 22.— A dis
patch received here says that General
Morales with a strong force \jand also
many cannon disembarked at Monte
Christi, Santo Domingo, yesterday after
a bombardment of* the ¦ port. The
troops under General Jimlnez were de
feated. General Morales and .. Vice
President Caceres returned to San
Domingo. .-
General Wos y Gil Is Forming Army
to Engage in Three-Cornered Fight
for Presidency. - ;'."'*[^
ANOTHER REVOLUTION
fOV * FOR SANTO DOMINGO
OAKLAND, Dec. 22.— Major George
W. Albright, who has been connected
with the quartermaster's department
of the United States army for thirty
three years, died this morning at his
residence at Fruitvale at the age of
69 years. Major Albright was onte of
the best known men in his department,
and the family have been prominent
in the/social life of Oakland for many
years.! He was present at his office
yesterday, but was taken sick upon'
his return home and died to-day. The
funeral will be held on Thursday from
the home and will.be private. . V : C;
Brother Vanantius Cyril died at St.
Mary's College yesterday afternoon at
the age of 41 years. Brother Cyril was
one cf the best known of the Christian
Brother teachers, and prior to his con
nection with St. Mary's College was
principal of the parish school connect
ed with the Church of the Immaculate
Conception. He has been ailing for
some time. His name in the world
was Dennis Collins. " The funeral • will
be held to-morrow at the college
chapel, Father Cramwell officiating.
Deaths hi Oakland.
Lieutenant Commander J. , S. K.
Reeves, who has been attached to the
New York for a long time as fleet engi
neer, will leave the cruiser before she
sails and proceed, to Washington", where
he has been detailed for duty. on the
Board of Inspection and Survey. Lieu
tenant Commander H. E.. Gage will
succeed him on the New York. Pay
Inspector R. W. T. Ball has also been
detached from the New York and will
be succeeded by Pay Inspector. Carpen
ter.' Ball will take charge of the navy
pay office in this" city. ".":'.
The United States cruiser New York,
Captain J. J. Hunker, which is going
to Panama to serve as flagship for Rear
Admiral Glass, arrived yesterday from
Puget Sound and will resume her
southerly way probably on Saturday.
Shortly after reaching her anchorage,
off Clay street wharf, the New York's
batteries barked a salute of thirteen
guns as a compliment to Rear Admiral
Whiting, the commandant of the Yerba
Buena naval training station.
The New York has been at the Brem
erton navy yard for four months un
dergoing extensive repairs to her boil
ers and machinery. She came down in
three days through some of the rough
est weather her officers have . expe
rienced on her. So rough was it that
sitting down to meals, was an impos
sibility and breakfasts, luncheons and
dinners were taken standing and on the
"hand out" plan.
The tugs Unadilla and Active will ar
rive from Mare Island this morning
with baggage and supplies -for the
cruiser. Five hundred tons of coal. will
be brought from Mare Island on light
ers for the New York and the torpedD
boats Preble and Paul Jon'es. It is
probable the cruiser and J.brpedo-bbats
will be able to get away to-morrow or
Friday for Panama. -;-;),,
Cruiser New York ; "Arrives from
Puget Sound After Stormy
Passage.
BIG WARSHIP AGAIN IN* PORT.
Minor Discharged from Marine Corps.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 22.—In the Su
preme Court of the .District of Colum
bia to-day Justice Claybaugh granted
the petition of George F. Harris' for
a writ of habeas corpus to secure the
discharge of his son. Harry F. Harris
of th« United States Marine Corps, on
the ground that the boy was but 17
jears of age.- The court held that tha
etatute permitting the enlistment in
the nary of boys between 14 and 18
S'tars of age does not apply to the Ma
rine Corps, and that the Supreme Court
af the District of Columbia has-declded
in effect that a minor cannot be en
'.isted in the Marine Corps without the
consent of his parents or guardian.
"If the guarantee "of neutrality were
to be looked upon as a privilege It
would urcvent the sovereign govern
ment from keeping order on the isth
mus, which is against the principles of
all governments."
"If ths explanation the United States
Government has given to the press is
of a diplomatic character answer clear
ing the following points:
"By the treaty of 1846 the United
States did not acquire control over in
teroceanic transit, but entered into ob
ligations by which, for compensatory
favor*, it guaranteed the neutrality, of
property and sovereignty of the isth
mus, the sovereignty being indivisible.
. "If the United States Government
prevents the Government of Colombia
from subduing the rebels, then it ought
to submit them to Colombian authority.
"The United States has never pro
tected Colombia against foreign inva
sions. Whenever that Government has
interfered to orevent the interruption
of traffic it has been because of the
rights granted or on Colombia's request
only. Only in this instance has it in
terfered on its own initiative, with the
evident object of protecting the seces
sionists on the isthmus.
The Government and the people hope
that the United States Congress will
avoid a conflict and they rely upon the
fairness of the AmeNcan press.
Dr. Luis Carlos Rico, Minister of For
eign Affairs, has cabled, to General
Reyes at Washington under date of
December 6 as follows:
BOGOTA, Friday, Dec. 18.— Patriotic
meetings" are" "being held here every
evening, at which contingents of men
and sums of money are offered to the
Government. Even the women demand
to be enlisted for the purpose of jro
injr to Panama to subdue the separat
ists.
The Government only waits news
from General Reyes and if that news
is to the effect that nothing can be
accomplished by diplomatic means,
then the authorities will continue to
send troops toward the Isthmus."
Bogota Government Is Heedless of
Warnings and Wants War.
COLOMBIANS WILL FIGHT.
Cruiser Topeka Sails for Colon:
NEW ORLEANS,. Dec. 22. — The
United States cruiser Topeka sailed to
day for Colon, via Key West.
Straryjc Choice of, Death.
It was a grim and revolting discov
ery in a metal cased inclosure on the
Mother of Governor Cummin* Dies.
DES MOINES, Iowa, Dec. 22. — Mrs.
T. J. Cummins, mother of Governor A.
B. Cummins, died of pneumonia to
day. - '
MODESTO, Dec. 22.— Dr. G. F.
Bradbury, one of the most prominent
physicians in this county, died in his
office this morning at 9 o'clock from
paralysis of the heart.
Dr. Bradbury was at one time well
known in San Francisco medical cir
cles. In his youth he practiced there
and at one time served as resident
physician and surgeon of the city
and county hospital. Later he was in
charge of the pesthouse. He leaves a
son. Will Bradbury, now attending a
college in San Francisco, and a sis
ter, Mrs. J. K. Carter, wife of the as
sistant cashier of the First National
Bank of San Francisco. The body
will be taken to San Francisco for
interment.
' "Special Dispatch to The Call
CHICAGO, Dec. '22.— Charged with
operating in the center of the fashion
able shopping district of Chicago, a
distillery, contrary to 'Government reg
ulations, five officers, and instructors
of the Columbus laboratories were to
day arrested by United States Deputy
Marshals. One of the five prisoners
was United States Commissioner Salo
mon. The laboratories are located in
a skyscraper office building in State
street at the corner of Washington.
The arrests were made on complaint
of United States Revenle Agent Levi
G. Nutt, the technical charge being
"displaying the sign. of a distiller and
making a mash fit for distillation in a
place other than a duly authorized
disti\lery."
' To-day's arrests are doubtless the
outgrowth of a 'bill for injunction filed
recently in the United' States District
Court against Dr. Evans, Dr. Gehr
mann, former City Chemist, United
States Commissioner Salomon and oth
ers charging them with conducting a
school wherem pupils were taught to
manufacture imitations of various
liquors and cordials. A suit for. $10,000
damages, it was said, would follow the
injunction proceedings.
In the annual: catalogue of the lab
oratories, it is said that pupils are
taught how to manufacture gins, rums,
brandies, bitters, cordials and specials
—in fact, every kind of liquor there i3
in the market; how to make the es
sences and all the ingredients used in
the manufacture of the same, how to
imitate imported liquors and straight
whiskies, how to give new whiskies ar
tificial age and how to give, low proof
goods strength. -
COLON,. Dec. 22,— W. I. Buchanan,
United States Minister to the republic
of Panama, arrived here to-day- on the
steamer Yucatan and immediately took
a train for Panama in company with
United States Consu^ Gudger, who
came to Colon to receive the Minister.
Buchanan at His New Post.
gress from Arizona, and a resident of
this Territory for forty years, died to
day, aged 76 years. Campbell was at
one time one of the wealthiest citizens
of Arizona.
WELL-KNOWN
PHYSICIAN'S
LIFE CLOSES
Causes the Arrest of Five Of
ficers and Instructors, of
the Columbus Laboratories
REVENUE AGENT
ORDERS A RAID
"It is miles from the island to the
mainland, and I do not think that they
will land in Panama. I do not look for
any trouble. The marines will be able
to deal with any situation which may
arise."
Regarding the landing of Colombian
-troops on the Island of Pines, he said:
in confidence and the conditions in the
commercial, world down} there are ex
cellent. The people are united and of
only one voice." -
The ferry-boat, which was crowded
with passengers, began to fill rapidly.
As she was nearest the Manhattan
shore, her captain turned her around
and managed to reach the Grand
street pier in New York.
In the bow of the Winslow is a hole
fourteen inches in diameter and the
bow is badly twisted and bent. When
she reached the navy yard the tor
pedo-boat was leaking badly and has
been docked for repairs. She was com
manded by Lieutenant Charles P.
Nelson and manned by a crew of forty
men.
NEW YORK, Dec. 22. — The torpedo-?,
boat Winslow was in collision with the
ferry-boat America in the East River
to-day. The hull of the ferry-boat was
stove in and the torpedo-boat was
damaged. The Winslow was starting
for Newport, Wut at once put back to
the navy, yard, which was reached
without accident- « . . r.
Yosci> Come Together With a Crash
in Kai*t River and Both of
Thrm a it Damaged. t
TORPEDO-BOAT WIN SLOW
COLLIDES WITH STEAMER
CHAIRMAN OF THE ISTHMIAN CANAL COMMISSION, WHO HAS
RETURNED FROM PANAMA WITH AN OPTIMISTIC REPORT AS
TO^THE PREVAILING CONDITIONS.
Embapsador Clayton has reported to
the Department of State that of forty
three cases of American railway men
arrested since June. 1901. thirty-eight
have been disposed of. and in three of
the remaining five the men who were
released on bail fied to the United
States. In two instance? only are pro
ceeding? still pending-
It is observed that of the forty-three
persons arrested fourteen were arrested
for offenses not cu-nnected with the
movement of trains, and the percent
age of arrests of Americans employed
in' Mexico is only .033. while that of
Mexicans is .046 and of all other na
tionalities .063.
As a consequence of Embassador
Clayton's representations to the Mexi
can Foreign Office an important cir
cular letter has been issued by the
Mexican Department of Justice and
s-^nt to the District and Circuit courts
throughout that republic, advising
against the arrest and imprisonment
of such railway employes, except on
a etrong presumption of guilt, and di
recting them in all cases to expedite
the judicial proceedings. Provision is
made for the release of the accused on
bail whenever the nature of the offense
will permit it.
WASHINGTON. Dec. 22.— Complaints
having reached the State Department
from many sources during the last
few years that American citizens em
ployed in various capacities on the rail
roads of Mexico frequently had- been
arrested and imprisoned in that repub
lic on charges of criminal negligence
in railway wrecks, homicides, etc., and
h»ld for long periods without trial, the
United States Embassador for Mexico
was directed by Secretary Hay to ex
amine into these cases and bring the
subject to the attention of the Mexican
Government, with a view to amelior
ating the conditions which appeared to
exist.
At the Navy Department the state
ment is made to-night that the instruc
tions to the naval commander in isth
mian waters to "prevent the landing of
forces with hostile Intent," have -not
been modified. These instructions are
sufficiently comprehensive to enable the
commanders to maintain open transit
across the isthmus and to protect the
new republic from Colombian expedi
tions. • - . J
This statement was made to-night
by a Europeah Embaesador of . high
rank. It has already been made in
substance, though in rather more dip
lomatic language, to General Rafael
Reyes^the Colombian Minister, who isi
expected in his forthcoming note to the
State Department to suggest Th3
Hague tribunal as the proper place
for the settlement of the isthmian
problem. Whether the knowledge that
the refusal of such a request, so far
from prejudicing the European powers
against the Washington Government,
will call forth their emphatic indorse
ment, will cause General Reyes to
modify his note, is not yet certain.
The Embassador quoted, in explain
ing the attitude of the European pow
ers, said:
"Panama is a closed chapter in the
history of nations, and The Hague
court is not the place for settled ques
tions, but for pending problems, which
are referred to it with the approval of
all the parties interested. When Rus
sia, Germany and France recognized
the independence of Panama they set
their seal of approval on the prompt
action of the Washington Government
in pledging itself to guarantee sjjid
maintain the independence of the re
public it had previously recognized.
"Nations can hardly be expected to
settle questions of sovereignty or na
tional honor at The Hague. Moreover,
¦in my opinion, it would not be within
the province, of the "VVasnington Gov
ernment to grant such a request from
'Colombia. It is to Panama, not to
Washington", that Colombia should take
such a proposition.
"There is, however, a question be
tween Colombia and Panama which
with all propriety might be referred to
The Hague and to which reference the
United States" will scarcely offer ob
jection. It is the question of the, as
sumption by Panama of a part of the
Colombian debt. If General Reyes
should ask the United States to use its
good-offices to have tlils matter brought
before The Hague, Panama misht safe
ly acquiesce in such a proposition. The
difficulty in making this request would
be that Colombia thereby would recog
nize the independence of the new re
public, but .this must come sooner or
later.". . •:-.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 22.— "Refusal
by the United States to consent to a
proposition from Colombia for a refer
once of the Panama question to The
Hague tribunal is expected and will be
fully approved by ; the Kuropean"pow
ers." . .'.. . . , - -
ST. PAUL, Dec. 22.— Archbishop Ire
land received to-dav, under date of
December 22, a cablegram from Mon-_
signor Ouidi; A*postolic Delegate to the
Philippines, announcing that the last
touch had just been put on, the con
tract between the United States Gov
ernment of the islands and the' church
for the purchase of the friar lands In
the Islands and inviting the Arch
bishop to rejoice with him on ' the
happy conclusion of the negotiations.
Referring to the cablegram Archbishop
Ireland said:
"I want to add to this my
of great pleasure at the termination of
the long-drawn negotiations by the
sale of these lands in the Philippines.
All praise must be awarded to Gov
ernor Taft and Monsigmor Guidl, who
have labored .hard to bring all parties
interested in this matter to a final
understanding. From the time of the
arrival of Monsignor Guidi in the isl
ands there has beep - the warmest
friendship between him and the Phil
ippine Government. The disposal of
the lands, together with the arrival of
the American Bishops ..in . the Islands,
puts an end to all political religious
controversies in the Philippines and
inaugurates there an* era of civil and
religious peace.
"The administration of President
Roosevelt is to be congratulated on the
present condition of things in the isl
ands. It was his wisdom and fore
thought that caused Governor' Taft,
some eighteen months ago, to visit
Rome and talk directly with the head
of the church about the friar lands
matter/ Pope Leo and Governor Taft
showed themselves to be of one mind
as to the main lines of the policy to be
followed. The negotiations then begun
in Rome were afterward transferred to
the Philippines, where Mgr. Guidi con
tinued the prudent and far-sighted pol
icy of his master, Pope Leo XIII.
• "That henceforward the church in the
islands will be well taken care of
Catholics and Protestants may confi
dently believe. The Americans now
presiding over the sees in the islands
will know what course will be the
best and will follow that course.
"We in the States may leave to them
the interests of religion as we leave to
Governor Wright, Governor Taffs suc
cessor, the interests of civil govern
ment., All agitation and anxiety re
garding church matters in the islands
now ceases and. we are all glad that
this is the case."
Government Advises* Against
Arrest of Railroad Crews for
Responsibility for Wrecks
Disposal of Property Inaugu
rates-.an Era of Civil and
Religious Peace in Islands"
Bogota Will Have
to Recognize the
New Republic.
HEEDS OFFICIAL PROTEST
EXECUTIVE'S GOOD WORK
3Iexieo to Expedite Judicial
Action in Cases Where Ameri
cans Are Accused of Crime
Arbitration at The
Hague Is Out of
Question.
Archbishop Ireland Expresses
Great Pleasure at Terming
tion of Friar lands Case
PROMPT TRIALS
ARE PROMISED
NOTED PRELATE
PRAISES TAFT
EUROPE APPROVES AMERICA'S PANAMA
POLICY AND COLOMBIA MVST YIELD
THE SAN FRANCESCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, DECEMBER * 23, 1903.
The banking: capital of New York
City has been doubled within five years.
6
ADVERTISEMENTS.
JNO. J. FULTON CO.
TO THE
Masonic
OF THE WORLD,
Fraternities
THE WRITER OF THIS ARTICLE IS
not a Mason, but his father was.
uid he knows this: That if there is any
trufh in this world it finds its purest ex-
pression in the solemn relations that ex-
ist between brother Masons.
TV'hen a Mason in distress seeks a
brother Mason for his confidence and ad-
tice. that moment the prejudices and
?thics of the commercial and profession-
<1 worlds are blotted out and truth
tomes as near being crystallized into sub-
Stance ajs human relations permit.
Xow* to ihe point: There are tens of
thousand^ of Masons in tho United
States, and the homes of many are
.-loud«d by the presence of Brighfs dis-
t-ase and diabetes. We want to give
nope to such. You have been told before*
*-hat these destroyers of life and happi-
ness are curable. You have found it was
ar.tru«». bo we can hardy expect you to
holieve us. But we just ask \this. the
Irivilepe cf giving you the names of a
ftumher of your brethren into whose
Domes wo, have carrir-d happiness by the
restoration of a loved one when all hope
*-as gone, and who, knowing the truth,
«•!!! tell you. You know, how to ap-
proach each other to get the eternal
truth. Faithfully -yours,
A MEMBER OF THE JOHN J. FULTON
CO.. 403 Washington street. • '
Ban Francisco. December 21, 1903.
artist's way is the RegaTs.
; Ordinary factory shoes are ma-
chined through — like chromos— in
thousand pair lots.
Regal shoes bear the same impress of free-hand
drawing that the etcher's needle leaves upon his copper
plate.
The custom individuality of Regal Shoes can be ob-
tained only by skilled hand labor. The soles are roughly
cut by machinery, but the finishing touches are all added
by hand.
Each trimmer is an artist. He shaves off. a little of
this side, and a little on that, until the straight lines scid
the curves blend artistically into each other. The result
is the distinctive air, the " Custom Appearance " peculiar
to Regals, and other hand-made shoes.
But free hand drawing is expensive. It costs the
Regal Shoe Co. $30,000 a year extra merely to trim the
edges by hand, instead of by machinery.
Is it worth while ? Other .manufacturers say " no."
We say "yes," for it adds indibiduality to Regal Shoes.
And the public seem to agree with us. I
We believe in style, but we believe even more in
comfort. No matter how radical the shape or how ex-
treme the lines, Regal Shoes always fit and the price is
always the same, $3.50.
There ni-e GO Regal Stor**, 20 of them in Greater New Torfc, where the styles
originate. - The new Btyle* are on sale at our San Francisco niore, at th« nam« tim*
as in the New York stores. Other dealers get the same styles a year later.
San Francisco Store, Cor. Geary and Stockton St3«
REGAL SHOES.
Ynii L*?in fi£7i?® S
The Whole 9
World Sing % I
I Victor Talking Machine |
. Now that the Victor Talking Machine has reach- jl
ed what... is considered perfection in the reproduc- \\
tion of sound, the attention of the company has f 'j*
been turned toward the improvement of the library. j*j
Some of the greatest vocalists of the world are now |j
under contract to render exclusive service to the Ufa
Victor Talking Machine Company. Expense is not y
spared^ $20,600 being sometimes spent to get the ||
record/ of famous »singers. % -' ¦']•&/' f
J, 'We are in consfant touchwiththiscompany.be- |
ing sole agents for their products on the coast,, and ||
just as soon as a set of records is received "by them ||
we are able to offer them to you. The prices we ||
charge for these records are remarkably small when h
you take into consideration the quality and the cost jjj
of acquiring them. ||
We have constantly in our local library selec-^ y
tions by. ij
Sig. E. Francisco Signorina Grippa . . y
Sig. A. Vargas Silas Leachman ||
Mme. Rosalia Chalia Arthur Bryor |
Comm. Francisco Tamagno Sousa's Band !
Mme. Louise. Homer • Metropolitan Orchestra |
- And thousands of other singers and organizations j
who have delighted the world wfth their music. Ij
Victor Talking Machines are sold at a very rea- ( 11
; sonable price, many different grades being offered to j
I suit different conditions. You can make a cash pur- |j
chase or take advantage of our easy payment offer if Jn
you choose. Why nqt one for a Christmas gift? *jO
I SHERMAN, CLAY & CO. 1
I SUTTBR AND KB A R IN Y STREETS, S. V. I"Wlng3'of wealth carry no souls to-the
skies. • ¦ : . :
$75,000. He advises that for the pro
tection of those property-owners who
have not already made specific agree
ments with the railroad company, the
Board of Supervisors require the com
pany to obligate itself to pay 'the
amounts he lias appraised as damages
to the owners of the several tracts.
The obligation is also to cover the
work of putting each of the streets al
ready improved Into a like condition
of improvement at the expense of the
company.
It is a sad state of things when the
theatrical profession has to be /held
up by ' footpads when, going? home lat«
at night from the theaters, and should
be stopped at once. Buy a gas- range
from the San Francisco Gas and Electric
Company, 415.. Post street ; , - ,• .
ST. PETERSBURG,, Dec. 22.— The
Czar has sent his photograph with his
autograph affixed to William J. Bryan.
Embassador McCormick gave . a lun
cheon to-day to Mr. Bryan, Prince
Khilkhoff, the Minister, of Public
Works and Railroads, and other high
officials ' .
Czar's Gift to Mr. Bryan.
James Kavanauch, a fireman resid
ing at" 420 Missouri street, ¦ was severe
ly hurt yesterday while at work at the
Union Iron Works. A large piece of
plate iron fell on his left foot, badly
crushing the bones. Kavanaugh was
taken to the Potrero Emergency Hos-
Foot Crushed While at Work.
Votes for a Large Army Expenditure.
THE HAGUE, .Dec. 22.-The Second
Chamber of the Dutch Parliament to
day voted $1,750,000 to purchase new
Krupp quick-firing guns. The measure
was carried by only 50 to 38 votes, and
after a heated debate, the Socialists
and Progressists contesting the neces
sity for a large army expenditure, es
pecially in view of the outlay required
in • connection with social legislation.
termediate.
On Friday, December 25. Christmas day, the
California Northwestern Railway will sell tick
ets at half rates, or one fare for the round trip,
with return limit Saturday. December 26, from
San Francisco to the following points:-
St. Vincent, Ignaclo, Novato, Petaluma. Penn
Grove.' Cotatl, Santa Rosa,' Fulton, Windsor,
Healdsburg Lytton, Geyserville Astl. Clover
dale. Preston, Hopland, Guerneville. Schellville.
Vtneburg. Sonoma, Agua Callente, Verano, Glen
Ellen. Sebastopol, Ukiah, Wlllits and points In-
Holiday Rates.
XEW YORK, Dec. 22. — The follow
ing Californians are in New York:
From San Francisco — F. H. Fuller, at
the Continental;' Mrs. W. F. Herrin, at
the Holland; .W. T. Miller and wife, at
the Imperial; Miss A. Thornton, at the
Holland; J. Abenz, at the Spalding; R.
Blower, at the Metropolitan; S. J.
Hendy, at the Gregorian; A. J. Kuster,
at the Grand Union; F. J. Monsen, at
the Astor;, G. Scarf e and F. F. Bar
rett, at the Manhattan.
From San Diego — Mrs. Kirby and
L. R. Kirby, at the Herald Square.
From Los Angeles — M. V. Brown, at
the Herald Square, and R. N. Ashwind,
at the Vendome. ; ;
Californians In Xew York.
Marie Peltier, wife of John Peltier,
an asphaltum contractor, is hot en
titled to separate maintenance. Judge
Sea well so decided yesterday. She sued
for $75 a month, claiming that though
Peltier had an incomeof $250 a month
he did .not provi'de for her properly.
Mi 1 ?. Peltier Loses Suit.
Passenger Traffic Manager E. O. Me-
Cormick of the Southern Pacific Com
pany, who has been in the East for two
months, is due here to-day.
William A. Bissell of the Santa Fe
road and his family depart this
morning for Southern California, where
they will spend the holidays.
Roderick L. Macleay, a capitalist
and prominent golf player of Port
land, is registered at the Palace.
Thomas. Barber, chief engineer of the
Risdon Iron Works, has returned from
a several weeks' visit to Xew York.
Former Asnemblyman C. B. Jillson of
Napa is at the Grand.
Robert G. Barton, owner of the
opera house at Fresno, is at the Cali
fornia.
John J. Daly, a millionaire mining
man of Salt Lake, arrived at the
Palace yesterday.
H. L. Ricks, a lumberman -of Eureka,
is at the Lick.
O. J. Smith, a capitalist of Reno, is
at the Palace.
Or. C. A. Devlin of Vallejo is at
the California.
General Sheehan of Sacramento is
at the California.
PERSONAL.
The piece was produced under the
direction of Fred Wright, with scenery
by Leon Vanatta.
Scrooge, a miser. Eugene Grunaky: chost of
Marlev, his partner. Alden Wheeler: benevo
ent old gentleman. Ewald Grunsky; ghost of
ChrlBtmae T Past, Fern Vanatta: Mr. Feiziwls.
FarnswcTth Wright: Mrs, Feiilwlg.
Curtis: three Miss FezzlwlRs. Evelyn Doughty.
Margaret Stewart. Juanlta Wells: three young
men whose hearts were broke. William Barrj,
Charle- Bonestell. George Beanston; two young
Fczzlwlgs. Fisher Buckingham. Albert Mar
go: Ebenezer Scrooge. Dick Wllkins appren
ticed /to Mr. Fezztwlg. Harold Walker, Mr.
Chamberlain: three young lady friends of the
MImm TFezziwUr. Adelaide Williams. Willie
Tomllnaon, Juanlta Waterman: girl whose
mistress boxed her ears. Edith Bull: boy
whose master starved him. Osgood Murdock:
cook Helen Bertheau; housemaid, Beatrice
Kisenschimmel: milkman, Fairfax Wheelan:
Baker Keith; Beanston; fiddler. Raymond
Shaub'el: ghost of Christmas Present, William
Barry: Bob Cratchlt, Tom Low; Mrs. Cratchtt,
Dorothy Duncombe; Martha, Dorothy Everett:
Peter, Norman Wilding; Belinda, Madeleine
rowers- two small Cratchlts, Margaret Mur
dock. John Rehfisch: Tiny Tim, Gilbert Barry;
ghost of Christmas Yet- to-Come. Leon Vanatta:
boy who runs and gets the prize turkey, Char
ley St. Gob r. • .X
The approach of Tuletide was appro
priately announced to the members of
the First Unitarian Church la»t night,
when numerous of the juvenile attend
ants of the Pilgrim Sunday school
frolicked around a massive electric
lighted and toy-laden Christmas tree,
and, together with members of the
church, appeared besides in character
in Miss Emily I. Wade's adaptation of
Charles Dickens' "The Christmas
Carol." '
. It was a great gathering which took
part in the seasonable festivities and
the programme proved to be not only
interesting but was in every sense
unique.
Costumes of the period of the story
were worn by the characters and it
was given a perfectly intelligent and
animated Interpretation. And before it
all there were some sparkling addresses
to the members of the Sunday school,
delivered by the Rev. Bradford Leavltt,
the Rev. Christopher Ruess and Charles
A. Murdock, the. honorary superintend
ent. At the conclusion 'of the enter
tainment there was a distribution of
prizes to the scholars and then a sump
tuous supper was served,, at which
fully 500 sat down.
The cast of "The Christmas Carol
was as follows:
Bright Children of Pilgrim
Sunday School Successfully
¦Play "The Christmas Carol"
DICKENS' PLAY
BY JUVENILES
Miss Elsie Sperry's tea for Mrs. Fred
erick Palmer (nee Smith) on Sunday
afternoon proved most enjoyable. A
large number of callers received a cor
dial welcome from the popular young
Miss Eleanor Croudace was hostess
at an informal tea on Sunday in honor
of Miss O'Connell. The home c-f the
hostess, 1831 Vallejo street, was the
scene of the delightful affaLr and a
large number of callers was enter
tained.
The Semper Virens Club will hold a
special meeting at the Palace Hotel on
January 'J.
Mrs. A. H. Voorhies has returned
from Los Angeles, where she was en
tertained by Mrs. O. W. Childs and
Mrs-. Albert Stephens. .
• • •
Mr. and Mrs. Harry Williams Poett,
nee Carolan, have returned from* Hono
lulu, where they spent their honey
moon.
Mrs. S. D. FVeshman returned yes
terday to the Palace Hotel after spend
ing several months in the East. She
was accompanied by Mrs. Norman Pe
ters, whom she will entertain during
the winter. Mrs. Peters is the daughter
of Judge Guild of Newark, N. J.
fects. A number of Tenth Infantry
officers were in evidence and also some
of the Fifteenth from Monterey, who
came up for the ball game. Nearly one
hundred guests enjoyed an Informal
dance from 8:30 until 11 o'clock, with
good music by the Third Artillery Corps
Band. Those in charge of arrange
ments were Major Todd, Captain
Nance. Captain Johnston, Lieutenant
Camp. Dr. Edgar, Lieutenant Sypher
and Lieutenant Covington.
Lieutenant Covington gave a jolly
supper at his quarters after the dance,
entertaining a number of th.> guests.
Lieutenant Pilcher also gave a supper
for eight of his friends at midnight.
The officers ot the United States
steamship Albatross, at Sausalito,
gave a reception on board from 2 • to
5:30 Saturday afternoon to about 100
invited guests, who were allowed the
freedom of the cabin, wardroom and
upper decks. Refreshments were served
in the wardroom and an orchestra from
the "city furnished music for dancing
on the upper decks, which were deco
rated for the occasion. Mrs. George
Perkins Jr., Mrs. W. G. Morrow, Miss
L. McMillan, Miss Mabel Oustman and
Miss Katharine Byington assisted the
officers in receiving.
The affair was given in the nature of
Mr. and Mrs. Henry J. Crocker will
spend Chri&tmas at Santa . Barbara
with their children. They have gone
to join Mr3. Crocker's mother, Mrs.
Ives, and Miss Florence Ives.
Mrs. Henry F. Lund Jr. entertained
on Sunday afternoon in honor of Cap
tain and Mrs. Charles Lyman Bent.
Captain- Bent has Just returned from
the Philippines and was warmly wel
comed by his wife's friends. Mrs.
Lund was assisted in receiving by
Miss Lally, Mrs. Bent, Miss Muriel
Russell, Miss Ruby Johnson of San
Jose. Miss Gertrude Van Wyck, Miss
Marion Ha!) and Miss Jessie Fillmore.
hostess and had a delightful time.
TWO CHARMING AND POPULAR SOCIETY GIRLS WHO WERE
GUESTS AT MRS. HYDE-SMITH'S COTILLON GIVEN LAST NIGHT
IN THE PALACE HOTEL BALLROOM. ;
The Presidio hop. given last evening
by the artillery and cavalry officers of
the garrison, was a most enjoyable af
fair. The hoproom at the Presidio
Club was decorated in the usual man
ner with foliage, flags and military ef-
Mies Suzanne Ular.ding, Miss Hd«n Ch«-se
brough. Miff l>ucy «_"ol»-man. Miss Lutle Col
lier. Mi5s Newell Drown, Miss Christine de
<iuiR-n»*. Mir* Jo.sfphin* d* Uuigne. Miss Helen
Bowie. MM»^Or>*ru<io E«ils. Miss Elizabeth Al
i<=n, Mies Ituth Allen. Miss Anna foster, Mlns
i>orothr CJittinftF. Miks Haxer. Miss Ethel
Hager. 1 Mis* Isabel Kittle. Mi«» Herrin. Mi?p
• ¦enevime Kfr.ir. Miss Uat-.l King:. Miss I^ucy
King, iiirr Pearl Landers. Mis* FVances Mc-
Klr.Ktry, Miss MarKarn Newhall. Miss St*>i!a
McCa!!a, Miss Marparet Mee, Miss Emllle Par
rott. Mis* Ably Parnnt. Miss Marie l»utse
Parrott. Miss Elsi<? Tallant. Miss Violet Huck
l*-y. M:?* Grace t-preekels. Miss Lillian Spreck
fW. MUa AHi; Sullivan. Mifrs Kmily Wilson.
Miss Margaret Wilson. Ml*s Christine. Pomeroy,
Mir* Jennie Hlair. Miss Sophie Coleman and
Mifs Gra'fc Martin: Messrs. Lloyd Baldwin,
Tom Berry. Allen Bowie. Clarence McKlnstry,
A Hen Wrijrht, A. .T. Bowie. Major Stcph^-nson.
17. ?. A.; Jnytph Rr'Sborough. Gerald Buckley.
Stewart tJurnett, Jos^ch Chamberlain.
James. TV. Byrne. Angelo Conte. rtedick
Duprco. Cour' Germani, Frank Kin*. Percy
King. Alten Kittl*. Dr. Lipter. Hubert Mee.
Gerald Hathbone. Lieutenant Rousseau. I'. S.
N. : Harry Scott. Prescott Pcott. Whar
ton Thurston. Captain Frederick John
sr-n. L\ ? A.; Aimer Xewhall,
Wilherfcrce Williams. Tom Van Ness.
T; M. Greenwsy. Lieutenant Clarence Carrinan.
f. *?. A.: Athol* M'-Bfan. Paul Jones. Will
«'o'.ller. Karl H<--warl. William Gold?bornuKl>.
Firtney palislmry. Everett Bee. William Horn.
I.Teuter.ar.t Kruznik. Wilfred Page. William
Pair*. Robert Greer, Reginald Norris. CTiirenr*
Tollis. John Kittle. Alberto Faechlni, Bayard
Moulder. Du Val Moore. Will D'nnun, Cyril
Tobin. Philip Paschel. Herbert Car-clan. Teddy
Howard. Robert M. Eyre. Jack Polherr.us.
Philip Baker, Lieutenant Rrx-kwell, Harry Oel
richs. Mr. Petherirk end Mr. de Gulffne; Mr.
and Mrs. William Mayo Newhall, Mr. and Mrs.
Wifliam Babcork. Mr. and Mrs. John Parrott,
Vr. and Mrs. Walter Dean. Mr. and Mrs. Nor
man Mct«aren, Mr. and Mrs. William O, Irwin.
Mr. and Mr*. Daniel Dryclale. Mr. a'hd Mrs.
Mourtford Wilson. Mrs. Bowie Deitrick, Mr.
end Mrs. Eugene Lent.
The invited guests were:
Informal dancing went merrily on un
til 11:30, when an elaborate supper was
served in the Mayile room. After m!d
nigrht the long-looked for cotillon be
pran, led by E. M. Greenway with Miss
Hyde-Smith. Six very pretty but sim
ple figures were danced, during which
favors were distributed by M5ss> Sophie
Coleman, Miss Jennie Blair, Miss Grace
Martin and Mrs. Garcea-J.
The favors were lavish in number
and unique in design, having been
specially selected by Mrs. Hyde-Smith
vhen last in Paris. There were gilded
cages with a live bird in rach. draped
with flowers and ribbons, white enam
eled crooks, tied with ribbons and flow
ers, butterflies on long wands with
streamers and spangles on them, crys
tal penholders in green and white,
picture frames, calendars and minia
ture Christmas trees.
At 9:20 o'clock the guests began to
make their appearance. Debutantes
were much in evidence and the young
set was invited almost exclusively, with
the exception of a few married couples.
Many of the gowns worn were beau
tiful and costly. Mrs. Hyde-Smith was
handsomely gowned in pale mauve
chiffon over blue silk, while her daugh
ter wore an exquisite creation of white
crepe de chine. They extended a cor
dial welcome to the guests and were
assisted in receiving and chaperoning
by Mrs. Garceau, Mrs. Mountfurd Wil
son, Mrs. W. G. Irwin, Mrs. William
Babcock. Mrs. Norman McLaren, Mrs.
W. M. Newhall, Mrs. John Parrott,
Mrs. Eugene Lent, Mrs. Eleanor Mar
tin. Mrs. Russell Wilson, Mrs. Bowie-
Pietrick. Mrs. Joseph Crockett, Miss
Sophie Colcman, Miss Jennie Blair and
Miss Grace Martin.
Mrs. Hyde-Smith gave a cotillon* last
night in honor of her debutante daugh
ter. Miss Gertrude Hyde-Smith. The
Palace ballroom, which was the scene
of the charming affair, was trans
formed into a veritable fairyland at
Christmas time. The ceiling and walls
were decorated with festoons of ever
green parlands, ending in bows of tulle
of the same color. Baskets of ferns
were also suspended from the ceiling
and a miniature forest of Christmas
trees hid the orchestra from view.
Green lanterns softened th? glare of
the electric lights and lent a festal tone
to the affair.
Miss Carrye A. Bacon will celebrate
her eighteenth birthday, and also make
her formal debut in society on Wednes
day evening, December 23, at the resi
dence of her mother, Mrs. M. J. Bacon,
629 Van Ness avenue. She will be as
sisted in receiving by Mrs. Sylvester
Sharen and Miss F. Jones. The decora
tions will be of golden chrysanthe
mums and red berries.
Mrs. M. P. Jones and Mrs. H. M. A.
Miller have returned to San Francisco
af^ter a two months' visit to New York
and other Eastern cities.
* • •
Mrs. •Williamy Tevia 3» entertaining
her mother, Mrs. Pacheco, who arrived
on Friday from the East. Mrs. Tevis
gave a pretty luncheon on Friday in
honor of Mrs. Hermann Oelrichs, and
charmingly entertained a number of
intimate friends.
The marriage of Miss Marie Louise
Hepner-and Milton Edwin Unger will
take place on January 11.
Miss Gertrude Dutton will be hostess
at-an egg-hog party on, New Year's day
at her home, where charming hospital
ity will be dispensed. Other hostesses
on New Year's day will be Miss Caryl
Moore, who will entertain the very
young set, and Miss Agnes Buchanan,
who will give a tea.
Mrs. Thomas B. Darrah will give "an
informal tea on January 28.
Three balls next week of interest will
be the Friday Fortnightly on Wednes
day, the Jeunesse Assembly on Friday
and the Entre Nous cotillon on Friday,
all to be held at the Palace Hotel.
Miss Jane Wilshire will entertain for
Miss Carpenter of Xew York at her
home on Sunday, December 27.
Mrs. Henry Foster Dutton will give
a reception on December 26 at her
Washington-street home in honor of
her sister, Mrs. Harry Macfarlane of
Honolulu.
Mrs. W. G. Trwln will give a large
dinner on Christmas eve at her home,
Laguna and Washington streets..
Miss Amy Gunn will give a tea at her
home on Green street on Friday, Janu
ary 1, complimentary to Miss Elsie
Dorr, one of the most attractive and
popular buds of the present winter.
Mrs. George C. Boardman will .'be
hostess of a reception complimentary
to Miss Brown on Wednesday, Decem
ber 30, at her home on Franklin street.
Mrs. Norris Davis will be guest of
honor at two receptions to be given by
her husband's mother, Mrs. Horace
Davis, on January. 5. and 12.
Miss Sara Drum gave an enjoyable
luncheon in honor of Miss Helen Chese
brough, one of the season's debutantes,
on Thursday at her home on Broad
way. The table was handsomely deco
rated in bridesmaid roses and covers
were laid for ten invited gu'ests, chosen
from the younger set. ,Miss Drum re
ceived her guests with her usual sweet
cordiality of manner and entertained
them very pleasantly.
a farewell 1o Dr. Butler, U. S. N., who
leaves for his home in Tenn;s»see
shortly, also to Major A. B. Alexander
of the United States^ Fish Commission,
who soon leaves the ship to resume his
duties at Washington. \
Fair Debutante
Charmingly
Gowned.
Unique Favors Are
Distributed to
Guests.
MRS. HYDE-SMITH GIVES AN ELABORATE COTILLON
IN HONOR OF HER DAUGHTER AT PALACE HOTEL
City Engineer .Grunsky yesterday
filed With the Board of> Public "Works
his report containing an appraisement
of ; damages due to proposed grade
changes along the projected bay shore
route of , the Southern Pacific Com
pany. The board in turn trans
mitted it to the Board of Supervisors.
The City Engineer, fixes' the total
amount of damages at' approximately
City Engineer Determines. Amounts
to Be Paid Property-Owners by
Southern Pacific Company.
FIXES DAMAGES FOR BAY
SHORE GRADE CHANGES
City Attorney Lane has advised the
local Board of Supervisors to Inform
the Sacramento Board of Supervisors
that he will assist in defense of an ac
tion brought by De Camp & Mosher on
an alleged infringement of letters
patent in the use of crude petroleum
oil in the construction of roadways.
Lane doubts the wisdom of making a
financial contribution for the employ
ment of special counsel, inasmuch as
it would establish a precedent that
other .counties would follow.
"The city would find itself embar
rassed," says Lane in his opinion, "by
frequent requests for such financial
assistance from the various counties
of the State. This city has defended
a large number of cases which the
other political subdivisions of the
State were interested In and have
profited by — notably, for instance, the
litigation growing out of the taxation
of national bank stock — but it has
sought no assistacne from other cities
and counties. I further question the
power of the Board of Supervisors to
appropriate any money for the con
duct of litigation to which this city is
not a party." t
Advises Supervisors Xot to Contribute
to Expenses of Suit Against Sacra
mento County.
CITY ATTORNEY WILL
ASSIST IX LITIGATIOX
¦ • . - - *
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL. WEDNESDAY, DECEMBER 23, 1903.
7
ADVERTISEMENTS.
JUST THINK OF IT!
A Record of Uninterrupted Prosperity for 123 Years Hdd by
WALTER BAKER &CO.,Ltd.
The Oldest and Largest Manufacturers of Cocoa end Chocolate in the' World.
41 HIGHEST AWARDS IN EUROPE AND AMERICA.
r*»§f?V What is the secret of their great success? It is
v £jy J a very simple one. They have won and held the
/K>^ confidence of the great and constantly increas-
r - n- 1U Z hody of consumers by always main-
l?3|g**!^|£|j tainin^ the highest standard in the quality
J|?nr^-- 5^' of their cocoa and chocolate preparations,
and selling them at the lowest price for
p !:|jj| jj\ which unadulterated articles of good qual-
r' \\ \ -^ Jt " r can e P ut u P on tne mar ket.
Fi I M M They receive numerous letters from
IW ' \1 v <YA housekeepers who have used their cocoa
/P I I / a ' I'v an '^ c k° c °l at c f° r many years, stating that
IV i ) ! lately, when ordering the Baker goods,
J™ I ! M W- other goods of greatly inferior quality
(ffircLLi. ' J& ' iavc )CCU scnt to tncm - They find it
¦™ i ' lflllJ A-3 1 *^ necessary % therefore, for the protection of
LeekfertMi trtds-tstrk thor,e who want their cocoa and chocolate,
ca trtry f.tktgt. to issue an emphatic warning against
these fraudulent practices, ' and to ask
buyers to examine every package they receive and see that
it bears the well-known trade-mark of "La Belle Chocola-
tierc," and the correct name of. Walter Baker & Co., Ltd.
Under the decisions of the United States courts, no other
cocoa or chocolate is entitled to be labeled or sold as "Baker's
Cocoa" or "Baker's Chocolate."
WALTER BAKER ®> CO., Ltd.
ESTABLISHED 1780. DORCHESTER, MASS.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Nearly everybody knows that char-
coal is the safest and most efficient dis-
infectant and purifier in nature, but few
realize its value when taken into the
human system for the same cleansing
purpose.
Charcoal is a remedy that the more
you take of it the bettey; it is. not a
drug at' all,' but simply absorbs the
gases arid impurities always present in
the stomach and intestines and carries
them out of the system.
¦ Charcoal sweetens the breath after
smoking, drinking or after eating
onions and other odorous vegetables.
Charcoal effectually clears and im-
proves the complexion, it whitens the
teeth and furthes acts as a natural and
eminently safe cathartic.
It absorbs the Injurious gases which
collect in the stomach and bowels; it
disinfects the mouth. and throat from
the poison of catarrh.
All druggists sell charcoaU in one
form or another, but probably the best
charcoal and the most for the money
is in Stuart's Absorbent Lozenges; they
are composed of the finest powdered
Willow charcoal and other harmless an-
tiseptics in tablet form or rather in the
form of large, pleasant tasting lozen-
ges, the charcoal being mixed with
honey.
The daily use of these lozenges will
Roorf tell in a. much improved'condition
of tlKe general health, better complex-
ion, sweeter breath and purer* blood,
and the beauty of it is that no possible
harm can result from their continued
use, but, on the contrary,. great benefit.
A Buffalo physician, in speaking of
the benefitsof charcoal says: "I advise
Stuart's Absorbent Lozenges to all pa-
tients suffering from gas in^ stomach
and bowels and to clear the complexion
and purify, the breath, mouth and
throat; I also believe the liver is greatly
benefited by the dally use of them;
they, cost but twenty-five cents a box at
drug gtores, and although |n some sense
a patent preparation, yet I believe I get
more iand. 'better, charcoal in Stuart's
Absorbent Lozenges than in any of the
ordinary charcoal tablets."
Few People Know How Useful It Is
in Preserving Health and Beauty.
THE VALUEvOF CHARCOAL..
W -JitG^nfeli- TH^ GOOD KIND Ladles' Aprcns. Ladies' Aprcni.
/^R$MWvlH*«Gt'- 1'" AT lOW DDlfF^ Made of heavy English lawn. Mad? of heavy English latvn. wid»
JmuM' Ml LVVl rt\\\jLJ. finished with torchon lace inser- hemstitched bib, epaulettes, finished
JpB^I^ WHErt YOU ffie a SS«^^^^
/fldB^oH I /am I ret- TVJPM VAIl"! 1 bottom with a deep hemstitched
W^^^/S/ ODL InLM 1 UU LL LadieS' ArrOiiS. hem - An appreciated Kift. and you
'^^rWfWm I SAY THF AhVFR Made of heavy lawn, extra wide. wlU more than appreciate them at
Ml* M inL-r\UlLI\ finished with a hemstitched this low price
/m\ If ] lg8yf/ TISFR TflllNHIS fou r-inch hem. lonp strings.
¦/''all ffir » lJLl\ 1ULU fllJ hemstitched ends. . Price.. UOc Lad 8S Bib KitCflSll ADrOlIS.
/ I ¦! /idJV .STORY POORLY. ladlPS' Anmn« • Made of check «d Scotch gingham.
V- /// ' mXlli' Xl - • ;>--!-" Ladies ApiOnS. i arge b lb. with straps over the
* V. I II MfTO , Made of English lawn, finished with em- shoulder, extra wide and finished
V U ¦ ml VV«v broidered medallion and a ¦ deep hem- with deep hem. Colors, blue and
B'l '||j I \\\ stitched hem, extra long strings. Pr^ce brown checks. At the Price Cuttej's
In I \ Iv^.' ' • DOLLS - Important if True, and Trus It Is.
Jmt'm llu ' SfflC h Jo You wU1 be P roud to glv them 1>8- 20c and 25c I.A33IES 1 UlSDKEB.
¦¦•''"' mspSti&tt^ cau«e they are tho haadsomeat ever CHIEFS, now 12^e
>S»r - Tf" sold i» San Tranclico. They were a ... , _ .
ffiffPflgftttflw rt^S^BHSBSSeif sample lot our buyer bcuarht at a snap. IjQQS 2113 Ends
<i^^K^^^^^^H^ r Bnd we know y° u tblak «° , , , V ,
you see them. In Dresden, bisque and Manufacturers surplus stnek. some
' china heads, sleeptnjr eyes and natural slightly imperfect; all made on fin*
hair. Some are kid and double-jointed, lawn, embroidered in the newest swisa
dressed and undressed; some are plain', patterns, buttonhole edged. Prices you
Flowers are pleasinsr to a lady's eye, others fancy dressed: - will like; look at others, then come
but here is something more appredat- Regular 50c quality, sample price 35c a " d lns P ec * these; you will appreciate
ed for a present, and lasting;: R<?S- "»c quality, sample price. 4.">c them at thls prlce 1SHC
¦ i.Jt i in • Reg, $1.00 quality, sample price. 75<« Sale OTarrtU-Street Entrance.
LElIIaS WrappBfS. Reg. 52.25 quality, sample price.gl.35
Made of extra heavy colored flannel- • And Others - WIl! Not GlY3 YOUr Ladj FriSIldS SOIHS
ette. fleece lined; a Queen Leslie yoke, _ u«-!«»»O
trimmed with *a ruffle all round back , COKeiS nOSlBrjr
and front. Epaulettes over the shoul- Ar appreciated hoUday rift eroe- A Useful and Acccptatle Present.
UK r nt e fi™t b |™^ ctollTwh^you buy them h«. fitted Here are some made of English
Uheri with f a rieof/'floiinoe in ** experts. If you do not know tie thread, Hermsdorf dye. fast black; in
width «nr? lpneth P Th?v fit aVthiv ¦*»* w *' not *** a CORSET OSOSB winter weight; double heels and toes;
should and made esoSally for us In and let ner oboo ' B her oira «* 1 * °** 80m^ rlbbcd - others plaln " If yOU , are
red blue nnThLck strlDeV Not the tnat ls " nited to ner form - a Juds:e you wiH aPP^ciate the quality
i r o e wes b t 1U in p n Hce bl but are^rtlfdoubll On* cf Q Our holiday offerer, and an and low price 25c
thls P rice • 81-35 LA SPIRITE OT «" U - S^ rt *»*™«*
Jewelry Is Appreciated for Presents, but ggSSwS^ a medi°um^A^LsTS The Store That Sates You Money.
Wirmih anri Rnmfort IS MOffi SO °. v !f r t ? e , abdo , raei V rust t V™ ot \ double Especially RIBBONS. Here's one of
nJlllllll (IIIU UUIIIIUll 14 IWUie OU. s i de steelSi clrcu i ar cut hand gored. our rj; any examples of our way of sell-
LADIES' WARM GOWNS— Made of garter attachments. Shoppers and i n{f: width No. 80. in all-silk taffeta
striped colored flannelette, rolling col- those who appreciate a good Corset. uhe imported kind), fancy satin dot-
lar. double yoke, full width and lehgth. inspect these for SI.OO te( j effect, full 3Vi inches wide. In
Price" •' 5Oc *|-nn wh ite only. Price Per yard *»e
Another GO.TlfOrt-SiVer. WlSllr 5I. UU Kibbon Bows tied frea by experts.
LADIES 1 GOWN— Made of steam- IllStead Of $1.50. i U/fc n | p I n » f nr Yniir Unnp«
shrunk warm flannelette, square yoke, LADIES' OR GENTS' UMBRELLAS * " UUIC LUI IUI IUUI ""U1IBJ.
cuffs and. collar, trimmed with em- — Made of waterproof twilled Italian LADIES" DRESSING SACQUES —
broidered flannel, double yoke, finished cloth. Paragon frame; horn, natural Made of colored striped flannelette,
in a fancy braid, made expressly for wood and sterling silver-trimmed han- deep sailor collar, trimmed with a ruf-
us. Price them elsewhere and you will dies, finished with cord and tassel, and fle and finished with a silk embroidered
find we are never undersold. Price... a tight-fitting case. Over a hundred edge, silk shell border all round, fitted
: OOc different handles to choose from. Be back and- loose front. In pink and blue
Here are some FLANNELETTE prompt if you need one for the quan- stripe. Full value for your money or
SKIRTS, the good kind, at low prices, tlty will not last at this price.. SI.OO your money back here. Price oOc
Made of colored striped flannelette. .... , ...« ,-. . ., . . «e«
scalloped embroidered edge, full width. What Abouf One of These Ladies' Japanese Coats ?
all lengths. Our pr ce. e you COULD NQT GET A GIFT THAT WO ULD BE MORE APPRECIATED.
LsdifiS* PettlC03tS< Made of extra heavy Japanese silk, wadded and quilted throughout in dif-
wuuive i www ferent combinations of colors, this season's style. Made expressly for the
Made of steam-shrunk warm flannel- Amer ican women, at the Price Cutter's S4.^r»
ette, deep flounce, finished with a tor- «^«.«.*»
chon lace, deep yoke band. In pink. .
blue and gray stripe. Price 45c jtW^ m _ j _
LAD1RS' FRENCH KID GLOVES— §¦ |tf \ If" |t| W5 §¦ »C leg n . ~ j- , |TTr;n
ix\%£%™% s . kln ± $tm«Se lIUL nUOLIIULliU PRICE-CUTTER
K Amf F R J§)VEs-Doubie woven . 816 Market Street II OTarrell Street
C el a brack n «nd tC wSte^Kidte J ' MAIL OBDEBS SOLICITED. ' "=. '-
fit and finish but not so in price.. 25c , ¦
JOE ROSENBERG'S.
JOE ROSENBERG'S.
JOE ROSENBERG'S.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
A Handsome
Present
MUSIC ROLLS
In all fashionable leathers. /£ -g {\C\
the very latest designs andj* I I
atyles, aa low as ** * • w w
Also a choice line of Leather Xoveltiea
in Wrist Bass. Shopping Bags. Card Cases.
Letter Cases. Wallets. Clear Cases, Etc.,
all at reasonable prices.
THAT MAN PITTS
- V. W. PITTS.
1OO8 MARKET STREET r
. Above Powtll. ...
mUscf vl Christmas Gifts Mj
MaiAl Thi s beautiful solid oak _ <\ W\(Uj
(Wf tle-at-a-time payments." fl 1$
1 \T^<f R e m em bcr your
B W^ TiuiTi^rj/ a £ Qur jj Ouse £ or t fj e . |
n i / \>^.^ Open Every Evening Until I
R // Christmas. B
\THE J. NOONAN FURNITURE CO. /
%. 1017-1023 Mission St., %
illHMi'^^^^itfilMn Above 6th.(Song Writer. Formerly Director of Music in
the College of St. John the Baptist,
New York.)
Copyright. J1HVS, by Joseph B. Rowies.
In the Instruction book mentioned in
the last lesson (the "Practical Method,"
by Koblerj are to be found a number
of sample duets, which the pupil can
attempt almost at once, if there is some
one to play the lower parts for him.
BV ANICE TEP.HL'XE
More About Music.
"ACCENTED SCALE."
EXAMPLES OF WHOLE,
HALF, QUARTER AND
EIGHTH NOTES.
If the reading goes very badly let him
jro back to the beginning and try the
duet rrore slowly — as slowly as seems
to be necessary — but in this case the
Fame rule applies as before, he must
r.ot stop until he reaches an authorized
flopping place.
Another rule to be observed in sight
reading is, as soon as one not-2 is struck
the pupil must look ahead to s>ee where
the next note is going to take him.
¦\Vhile he is counting aloud the pre-
Let the assistant also keep right on,
and if the pupil stops make him uhder
etand that the lower part is going on
just the same and he must "get in"
again a-s best he can.
The upper, or first pan. is intended
for the pupil, while the accompaniment,
or score part, falls to^ the lot of tha
teacher or whoever is assisting the
child in* his effort to learn reading at
eight.
In the f.rst few duets, at any rate.
The upper part is written in th<? '"violin"
<or upper) clef for both hands, and
the notes are simple, being merely those
that our pupil has learned already — in
the last lesson.
There are no complications of tempo
to bother him, and all he has to do is
to keep his mind intent on what- he is
doing, to count regularly, and not to
stop! In sight reading it is mosL neces
sary that the pupil should, Keep right
straight on. whatever happens. AH in
clination to hesitate or stumble must
be nipped in the bud if gocd results
are to be obtained.
EXAMPLE OF EIGHTH
NOTES.
Special Information supplied dally to
business bouses and public men by tha
Pres* Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 230 CalU
I ornia street. Telephone Main 1M& *
• Sir Thomas Lipton has "announced that he will try
ooce'/more -to* lift the America cup. If fate in her. un
kindness should ever make Sir Thomas poor he could
make a new .and independent fortune as perhaps' the
greatest advertising agent in the world. -~-''
Townsend'n California glace fruits and
candles. 60c a pound, in artistic flre
etched boxes. A nice present for Eastern
friends. 715 Market st. above Call bldff. *
Townsend moved from Palace Hotel to
715 Market. 3 doors from Call building.*.
Choicest candies and chocolates in fire
etched boxes. Townsend's 715 Market. •
According to a recent report of the
Geological Survey, a new diamond field
is being exploited In Southwestern Bor
neo, where diamonds have " long been
known to exist. In the resion of the
Landak River, near -the mouth of the
Soran River, a piece of so-called ser
pentine has been ¦> obtained which in
closes a. diamond appareritl:- in its true
matrix. , The Rajahs of Panembohan
and Pongerans possess an Immense belt
«tudded with diamonds,' said to be from
Diamonds in Borneo.
One of the few professional anarchists who has had
the impudence- to make .California his home has been
sent to Folsom penitentiary. He. should be made to suf
fer the complete term of his imprisonment and then as
a disagreeable object lesson should be deported, with
due publicity, from the country.
Thousands of packages ready at Town
send's. *
Glace fruit cream bar at Townsend's. •
IT. is announced that Senators Gorman, Morgan and
Daniel hope to defeat the Panama , canal treaty.
'They have the power to do this if they hold the Dem
ocratic vote solid against it, through caucus dictation.
They regard this, result 'as a vote of want of confidence
in-the administration. But. suppose it should r result in
another vote of want of confidence in the Democratic
party, registered at the polls next year?; '
' To get a canal we must cross Central America some
where, and we can never do that if; these Senators intro
duce Central American politics and methods 1 into, lour
own Government. When Marroquinlauthorized the Co
lombian Minister, Herran, to make the canal treaty^ he
as President wanted the canal and 'approved the treaty.
EXPENSIVE PARTISANSHIP.
Nut and fruit candies at Townsend's. •
The powers of Europe are interceding diplomatically
with the war spirits of Colombia to keep the peace and
to take no action in reference to Panama that will in
volve herself with the United . States. Colombia hardly
needs such a warning. ' She made what may be consid
ered a fairly good bluff for one of her size and was
called, in the natural development of the game. She. has
paid the usual penalty and must wait for a' new stake.
The Oakdale Leader of December 18
copies from The Call an editorial upon
the choice of typical California gifts
to be sent East as holiday remem
brances and pays us the compliment
of remarking upon the attitude The Call
has adopted in exploiting the resources
of the State. Says the Leader:
"The Call has been doing valuable
work in devoting its columns to a se
ries of articles descriptive of Califor
nia's vast resources and the special In
ducements the Golden State offers to
home seekers. These articles, published
by The Call, are not only of incalcu
lable benefit In advertising broadcast
California's wonderful, resources, but
lend encouragement . to others who are
inclined to aid in the good work."
Supports Call's Policy.
ENFANT TERRIBLE — Subscriber.
City. The French phrase, "enfant ter
rible," does not mean a wild younsr
rascal, as many suppose, nor doe3 it
mean an ungovernable, unmanageable
or terrible child, but a child that, by
ill-timed remarks, innocently made,
causes others to have terrible or ter
ribly annoying feelings; as for in
stance, a child may say, on seeing an
individual who unexpectedly enters the
house at dinner time, "Oh. Mr.
Blank, I didn't think you'd come here
to-day; mamma said she hoped you
wouldn't 'come, as you come here too
oi£en." The -feelings of Blank and of
the mother can be appreciated.
It is said on what appears to be excellent authority
that neither Japan nor Russia may indulge its evident
desire to leap at the other's throat for the very good rea
son that neither can borrow the money necessary for
war. Occasionally this commercial age of ours vindi
cates itself by preventing even nations from making
fools of themselves. International bankers in their re
fusal to lend money in this affair have done a service to
humanity. . " >
Now, taking it for eranted that the
pupil has become proficient in the first
few exercises in his book, we will take
him a step further.
His next difficulty will be when h?
finds .that his two hands are no longer
to play the same thing-, but are to go
la opposite directions oftentimes. It
It will be seen that eight reading Is
taken up in a manner entirely opposite
from the ordinary study of exercises
and p'eces. In either of the latter per
fection fs only to be gained b>- working
on a few notes at a time, by gcing over
an* over each measure, until, every
mistake having been rectified, persist
ent practice has made it impossible for
the fault to occur. again, and the piece
of music stands complete and sound" in
every particular. A piece of music
thus learned is never forgotten, and is
ran only a delisht to every one who
hears it played in its finished state, but
is a valuable aid to the pupil in the
rext piece he undertakes.
In sight reading, however, one would
accomplish nothing if one stopped to
carefully remove all the fla\ys that are
liable to appear during the first at
tempts in this new field, and the pupil
must try to prrasp the music as a whole,
in the impressionistic style, rather than
to seek to go into detail. A little later,
as he becomes more at ease m reading
at eight, he will naturally take in more
at a glance, and will thus be able to
play more and more correctiy at sight.
ecrib'ed beats of the note already played
he must always be looking ahead, so
as not to be taken unawares when it
is time for the next note to be played.
An accomplished sight reader is al
ways several measures In advance of
his 'fingers, and it is only a question
of time and application when cur little
pupil may. become equally proficient by
following out the method of sight read
ying prescribed here. \ r~.*~~
TO GET RID OP ANTS— Subscriber,
City. The following Is given as a
means to get rid of ants: "Houses af
fected with ants, black or red, may
be cleared of them by a little atten
tion. A sponge is one of the best
things. Sprinkle it with dry white
granulated sugar; the sponge being
slightly moist, it will adhere. The ant3
will go into the cells of the spongo
in large numbers after the sugar. They
can be destroyed by immersing the
sponge Into boiling water. The sponge
can then be squeezed and sugared
again, and the process repeated until
the last ant has been caught.". 1;
MAY MARRIAGES— J. W. City,
The supposition that- marriages in Matf
are unlucky has been traced to the an
cient Romans. Those people held tha
festival of Lemuria during: three days
of that month to propitiate the spirits
of the departed » and considered the
whole month unlucky because of that
festival. "Mense malo malae num
bent" was one of their proverbs. Thla
means, "In May evils marry."
It would be well. -to. let the boy try
his "contrary motion" on the scale of
G, occasionally, for the sooner he be
comes accustomed to sharps, the bet
ter. Moreover, his scale practice will
be much more Interesting to him if it
goes, hand in hand with his study- of
written music, arid whenever he attacks
a new key, in exercise of piece, I should
advise practicing hid scales in that par
ticular key. that all things may work
together. -
After giving him an idea of the uses
of "flats," by this same method let him
look through his instruction book and
find "sharps," "fiats" and "naturals"
for you until he is perfectly familiar
with them all.
/ In addition to this, let him now take
up the scale of G, and from now on
divide up his scale practice between the
two scales, C and G." He must take the
scale "of G In exactly the same way
that he did C,' first in "ones," then
"twos," then "threes," and practicing
it with the metronome faithfully.
By this time he should have become
proficient endugh In iscale of C to play
it with perfect ease at the metronome
50. Therefore let him hereafter play it
at CO, while playing the scale of G at 50.
This applies to both hands of course,
although they are still to be practiced
separately. '-;.'¦
Tell him that the only key that has
no. sharps or flats is the key of C — that
is, the key that all his scales and exer
cists have been written In hitherto. It
is time for him to know something
about the other keys, however, and it
would be well to let him draw a staff,
divided into a number of measures,
with a simple "time" sign at the left,
by the clef sign. Now let him place a
sharp on the top line of the staff at
the extreme left. This makes the key
he is writing in the key of G. Let him
now write a number of notes, enough to
13 11 out the measures, and sprinkle in a
plentiful number of fs, so that he may
come to ; understand the use of the
eharp. Let him put ir» a number of
naturals, too, explaining to him at the
same time that , the "natural" sign
holds good only to the end of the meas
ure.
ish out the exercise with e, d and c.
Let him try this with different groups
of notes, always being careful to have
some note therein that is first to be
played with a sharp and then made
"natural" the next time it is played.
Now explain to him that in case there
is a sharp written at the beginning of
the staff beside the clef sign "and the
"time" sign, it means that that partic
ular note must be sharped every time
it is Etruck during the whole exercise,
unless there is a natural sign put in
somewhere.
CONSULS— Inquirer, City. TheUnited
States Consul at Cape Town, South Af
rica, is W. R. Blgham of Kansas. Tha
one at Johannesburg is William D. Gor
don.
THE Weather Bureau of the United States Depart
ment of Agriculture at Washington has just pub
lished a remarkably comprehensive bulletin upon
"The Climatology of California," the work of Professor
Alexander G. McAdie, district forecaster of the Weather
Bureau in this city. Through the courtesy of the author
The Call is in receipt of a copy of this extensive review
of climatic conditions in the State. Even from a lay
man's point of view a perusal of the work of Professor
McAdie makes manifest its value to agriculturists,, and
all those whose business is dependent upon the rise and
fall of rivers.
Aside from its strictly technical information and the
minutely tabulated -statistics of rainfall and temperature
changes, McAdie's bulletin contains some interesting
facts upon the very paradoxes which are found to be
characteristic of California climatology. 1 "Though our
stretch of territory from north to south corresponds with
a like strip of the Atlantic seaboard from Boston to
Savannah, a difference, in the mean annual temperature
of ten degrees only. exists between San Diego and "Sis
kiyou counties. At Eureka the mean temperature
throughout the year is 51 degrees, at San Francisco 56
degrees, at San Diego 61. Yet we 'have the extremes
of Sahara ami Greenland; In the Salton desert the maxi
mum thermometer has registered -as high as 130 de
grees in the shade; yet within 'three hundred miles of
that point, at Bodie, on the summit of the Sierra, the
freshening breezes have registered as low 'as 30 degrees
below zero./ • ' ¦ k»;
Though it is certain that no other State in the Union
can offer such admirable conditions for a Hammara
bath on a large" scale, McAdie's bulletin demonstrates it
to be also the fact that nobody can approach us for ups
and downs in topography. , Mount Whitney, the highest
peak in the United States, has the gentle lift of 14,552
feet above sea level, and yet almost within view of its
summit our land dips down to Death Valley, 263 feet
below the line of the ocean's surf. Truly California is
the enchanted land of fable. .
NEW YORK POLICE — Subscriber,
City. The pay of a police captain in,
the city of New York is $2700 a year.
Ansivcrs to Queries.
DAVIS— Subscriber, Oakland, Cal.
Jessie Bartlett Davis, the actress, waa
born in Morris, 111., 1859.
In the -variety of ways by which Colombia seeks the
attention of the world she has declared that she will
fight to restore Panama to her unenviable former asso
ciations. More than this, Colombia says she will strive
to punish the United States for the part we have played,
according to her notions, in this international game.
Colombia evidently shares our opinion .that if we give her
rope enough she will do the rest.
CRITICS 'have exhausted their" ability in passing
judgment on the works of Emil Zola. It is the
deliberate opinion of France that his "La Terre"
libels the French peasantry, and there have been serious
objections in religious circles to his "Faute de l'Abbe
Mouret." But Zola is dead, and his last years were full
of lurid experiences derived fom his "J'accuse" letter on
the Dreyfus case.
Death and judgment .nave not caused examination and
criticism of his work to cease. Down in Ybor City,
Florida, two critics met and discussed the obscenity of
one of Zola's books. We regret that the critical com
munion of the. Republic of Letters is not informed by
the Associated Press which novel was in controversy,
but, as Zola managed to be risque in most of his books,
perhaps this makes no difference.
The Ybor critics were Jesus Fernandez, a Spaniard,
and itnrique Velasquez, a Mexican. They discussed with
their bare fists, and when time was called Zola's work
had not yet been decided to be obscene or pure. In
pursuit of higher criticism the two literary champions
met next day and resumed the discussion with revolvers.
Jesus got in the first argument to prove obscenity, and
Enrique fell at the second fire. But the champion of
Zola's purity raised on his elbow,- and although his op
ponent's arguments had made five bullet holes in him,
his vindicatory revolver put the Spaniard out and com
pelled his retrea/into the shelter of a saloon, whence he
emerged prepared to resume the debate with fervor and
a dagger. >
Meantime the riddled Mexican had got upon his feet,
and opened fire again, proving that in literary criticism
the pistol is mightier than the knife. The Spaniard
found himself unable to respond, and the Mexican quit
and died winner. The Spaniard was taken away and at
last reports Avas expected to die during the night. It is
a pity that Zola died so soon, for this method of deter
mining whether his pen makes the greater contribution
to vice or virtue would have appealed to his imagination
and his method.
It is a pity too that the arguments put forward in this
debate were so evenly matched. The incident transfers
the seat of literary criticism from Boston to Yb'or City,
and it is to be hoped that the good work will proceed in
the new seat of learning and literary judgment. If Zola
have many friends in'Ybor it behooves them to stock up
with citations of the latest pattern, self-cocking and hair
trigger action, and to keep their cartridge belts full of
phrases. His enemies there will have learned that de
bate with a dagger puts them at a disadvantage, and the
great " discussion may proceed with the critics more
evenly matched.
Sixty years ago it was reckoned that
seventy different vocabularies were to
be found in Brazil. The number, of dia
lects there, runs into the hundreds.
There are also hundreds in Borneo and
Australia, and always the number of
dialects is in inverse proportion to the
intellectual culture. , The greatest talk
ers in the world are all dialect and no
sense.— Boston Globe.
All the language sharps in the city
were summoned, but after several days
they were obliged to give it up.
Some stoutly averred that the woman
was playing a trick, but there was am
ple evidence that she was not. She
sank back into the world again un
known.
A woman was recently picked up in
New York who spoke a dialect that no
body in town could understand. This
is saying a great deal of New York,
where there are said to be more lan
guages and dialects spoken than In any
other city in the world.
Dialects.
It was at a recent graduating enter
tainment of trained nurses who had
just received their diplomas from the
City and County Hospital that a well
known city official was made the vic
tim of a joke that caused immense
amusement during the entire evening.
The official's name shall be "Devo
~tion" for the occasion. As soon as the
evening's entertainment was set in mo
tion by a promenade Dr. McElroy, the
•superintendent, introduced Mr. Devo
tion to a young person who was
known as Miss Bine. The gallant De
votion was charmed at the introduc
tion, as Miss Bine was the handsomest
trained nurse in the room. She hooked
on to Mr. Devotion's arm with a
charming grace and they were soon
in the mazy dance. She coquetted
fiercely with him, looking up into his
face and sending one of those soul
I piercing glances right at him. To be
brief Devotion was captivated. His
heart was gone; he confessed it to his
personal friends, but with the admoni
tion not to let the fair charmer know
I it as she might decline on such a short
acquaintance.
The secret was kept until just be
fore the breaking up of the entertain
ment when Miss Bine had the rude
ness .to strip off her nurse's costume
right In the midst of the select as
semblage. Lo, the fair coquette was
none other than a young doctor, an
interne at the hospital. What became
of Mr. Devotion is not known as he
has not appeared at the wirewoven
window, of the office since. Should he
not return by the end of the year the
bottom ot the bay will be dragged.
Mr. Devotion.
HIGHER ' CRITICISM IN FLORIDA.
The authorities of Oakland have practically reached
a conclusion that they want no more of professional
pugilists or their affairs. It is to be hoped that these
unwelcome plug-uglies will come to us. We have now
so many of v these undesirable parasites that a few more
will do no harm and may act as the straw with which
to break the camel's back of our municipal endurance.
Not -long ago Dr. Frizzell of tha
Canadian Government lighthouse
service reported the discovery of fresh
tracks of the mammoth on Unimak
Island, Alaska, says the New York
World. Mammoth meat, preserved
for countless centuries in natural re
frigerators, has not been an unknown
delicacy in the Arctic, and there seema
to be no reason why the region in
which perfect carcasses have been
kept on ice should not contain the
living animal.
An expedition to Patagonica to
search for the ancient three toed sloth,
has been unsuccessful, but a fresh
egg of the giant epyornis, a bird with
bones bigger than an elephant's, is
said to have been found in Mada
gascar, and an expedition from the
University of Berlin is now searching
for the living creature itself.
The dodo, the great auk and several
other extinct birds have been exter
minated by man in very recent times.
If we can find a region in which "the
destructive activity of humankind has
not been exercised, there i3 no rea
son why we may not find there types
of animals that have disappeared
elsewhere. Some hoped that such
species might be found on the virgin
plateau of Roraima, which, perched
on the precipitous cliffs 2000 feet
high, was believed by the Venezuelans
to be inaccessible to man. » But that
hope was disappointed, like the search
for mammoths in Alaska. ,^»
Perhaps the most promising: place
to look for extinct animate now is in
the depths of the sea. It is known
that some of the lower forms of Ufa
in the ooze of the ocean bed have been
there unchanged for millions of years.
The sea serpent Is believed by many
scientific men to be an actual sur
vival of the gigantic saurians of the
prehistoric seas, and the colossal cut
tlefish of the Newfoundland coast
would have been at home among the
giants of any geological age.
Search' for Lost Species.
this district, one stone weighing sixty
seven carats. It is a peculiar belief of
the natives that the gold and diamonds
in the earth are a sort of bank and
should be worked only when they
themselves need money, tlnce they be
lieve that gold and diamonds are al
ways there when they desire them. Tha
great Borneo diamond of Mattam, said
to weigh 367 carats, is believed to bo
from this same region.
Against this is the brief statement made by President
Jordan in his recent lecture on "The Call of the Twen
tieth Century." He said: "The greatest discovery of
the twentictli century will be that a straight line is the
shortest distance between two points. This means de
mocracj'. The century calls for the man who can kick
the goal, build the road, write the book. " Democracy
means equality of start, the best education for all, a fair
chance to the son of the poor man. It does not mean
equality of achievement. Horse races start even, but
the horses do not finish' even except where you handi
cap the best animals. 'America is a country of perpetual
inequalities, because it gives an even start to all."
That statement supplements Spencer and is needfully
explanatory. Civil liberty is that" condition in which all
men start even, which means equality of opportunity,
but not equality of achievement, since achievement is un
equal as the individuals are unequal in capacity, indus
try, thrift and temperance.* When the benefit of his
skill, strength and capacity is denied to any man, he is
deprived of his civil rights, he is handicapped in the race
in order to reduce him to the level of those who are in
ferior in skill, strength and capacity. This leveling pro
cess finally conquers the desire of men to excel, and so
ciety stands still, and then retrogrades. £
It is no argument against the views of Spencer or Jor
dan to say that open socialism spreads, and that its col
lateral lines in which the handicapping is already prac
ticed are so strong that in this country the individual -is
beginning to doubt whether the law is powerful enough
to protect his rights. Time was that chattel slavery
gained such headway that it existed under the jurisdic
tion of all the powerful governments, and republics,
kingdoms, empires and principalities indorsed the chat
telhood of man. It was entrenched in theology and sup
ported by religion, but now it is denounced by the same
powers as a crime, and is forbidden everywhere on the
earth. It is only natural that the same human- tendency
that canonized chattel slavery should return and plague
mankind by again renewing over men some form of ar
bitrary control, but against it-stands the belief of the
people in Lincoln's saying that "no man was ever good
enough to govern another man."
Socialism proceeds by -various propaganda, one of
its arguments being that what it calls "capitalism" has
produced all of the existing inequalities of condition. In
a harangue to the striking miners in Colorado, a leader
of them said: "Those mines belong to you, and so do
every house in this city, and every stock of goods, and
every dollar in the banks. It is your right to seize it all,
and that you do not is due entirely to your own modera
tion."
THERE is a socialist propaganda in this country
that is not called socialism. Herbert Spencer
characterized socialism as a form of- slavery^ a sys
tem in which finally the many would be subjected to the
will and control of the few. It is a system that differs
widely from a condition of civil liberty. No man has
liberty when he is compelled to submit, or willingly sub
mits, to the arbitrary will of another. If he work under
that arbitrary direction, or quits work when it orders
him, not^ himself knowing why, except that he is or
dered 1 , he is deprived of civil liberty: If he do this
willingly he is a voluntary slave, no matter tfhat high
sounding name be given to his condition.
A loud guffaw interrupted the prayer.
Quickly the little one turned her head
and there, leaning heavily against the
door jamb with his great head tipped
away back, was the father come home
from the wine shop.
Little Maria Luigenetti wanted a
doll for Christmas. She knew that her
mother, who went away for the whole
day and worked for the bread that
they ate. would have no" silver to buy
that angelic vision of white and lace
which stood in the window of the
store down near Washington square.
Her father she only saw at nights
when he returned from the wine shop
and too often she saw the blows which
he struck upon that bent back of the
mother. He buy a doll — Impossible.
The mother had sometimes taken lit
tle Maria to the big cathedral and
taught her to pray before the beau
tiful golden images all set around with
candles. She had told the tiny girl
that there was a good mother in heav
en who answered the prayers of those
who sought her. How many times the
little waif, left alone In the dingy room
which was her home, pictured to her
self this radiant lady. Sitting there in
the half light which filtered through
the smeared window, Maria bethought
herself of seeking her doll through the
kindness of this wondrous vision of the
lights.
From the wall in her mother's room
she took down the gaudy print of the
Virgin. Then upon the top of a cracker
box she spread the cambric print of
the flag of Italy which her father used
when he marched In parade. Rev.
erently she set the colored print upon
the flag; a stump of a candle and a
vagrant wisp of geranium filched
from the neighbor's window box com
pleted the decorations of the shrine.
Then in the flickering lLght of that
stump of a candle the child prayed
aloud to the- Virgin: "O blessed lady,
all lighted up by candles and with the
gold crown, and with the sweet smell
ing smoke all around you, Maria Lui
genetti has no doll and wants one for
Christmas. Give her one, blessed lady,
'cause she wants one very ¦'bad. Maria
is"—
To the Radiant Lady.
Quite «?arly in his progress through
his instruction book he will come to
sharps and fiats, and it will be well
right here to explain to him that a
sharp raises a note half a tone and a
flat lowers it. Show him the flat and
sharp signs, and let him draw them
until he has fixed them in his memory.
Also the "natural" sign, which is used
to bring the note back to its normal
place after it has been sharped. Have
the child illustrate this himsejf by
drawing the staff, then placing the
notes, c, d, e, f, g, upon it. Tell him
to put the sharp sign in front of (that
is, to the left of) f before he writes g.
Now, after writing g, let him continue
along the staff by writing another f.
This time, however, he must make a
"natural" before the f, showing that it
is not to be sharped. Then let him fin-
The numbers at the beginning of the
staff always signify what the "time"
of the piece is to be, as, for instance,
2-4 means that two quarter notes are
to be counted to each measure. :
These things are all to be taken grad
ually,' and care must be taken not to
ciowd the pupil too m"uch and so con
fute him.
Let him practice this exactly as he
has been in the habit v of practicing his
one-hand" scale — that is, in one, two
and three octaves respectively, wJth the
accompanying accents, as previously
explained in. other lessons. This must
not be done to the exclusion of his reg
ular scale practice, however, but in ad
dition to it.'
It is not necessary to go into all the
details of "time," and so forth, for if
the pupil understands fully the proper
ties of whole notes, quarter notes, and
so on, all of which were explained in
the last lesson, he can easily follow out
the working of his instruction book,
with the aid of a little simple arithme
tic; for instance, one quarter note is
equal to two eighth notes, and so on.
Examples of eighth notes (they are just
like a quarter note only that there Is a
little curve attached to the stem) are
given in the illustration.
Let him place both thumbs on "mid
dle C" and proceed to play his scale
with both hands, going in an opposite
direction toward each end of the piano,
the left hand playing the descending
scale at the same time the right hand
is playing the ascending scale. ' i
may trouble him a little to conquer the
natural dependence of one hand on, the
other, and it will help him to acquire
the desired independence if at this time
he takes ud the "contrary motion" in
his scales.
JORDAN ON SOCIALISM.
But in the Colombian Congress were the Morgans, Gor
mans and Daniels who concluded to make politics out
of the defeat of the treaty. They defeated it, and the
Panama revolution followed.
Our own Senators might be in better business than
the imitation of Colombian methods. But if they choose
that kind of statesmanship they are. independent of any
control except by public opinion, and for the present that
can only find expression through the press, and its
.authoritative declaration can only be made at the polls
next November. We are well assured that the issue
they make will work both ways. The strong financial
interests in this country which oppose the canal will go
with the Democracy and will slightly divide the Repub
lican partjt But the issue will also divide the Democ
racy.
In view of the history of the canal project Senators
Morgan. Gorman and Daniel are taking a great respon
sibility, for it is no less than the responsibility of de
feating a canal entirely. Their action presents an emer
gency in which the commercial bodies and the citizens
of the country should be heard. The President has -done
his duty by taking advantage of a situation for which
Colombia is responsible. Having done all that the con
stitution gives him to do, the issue is thrown upon the
Senate. Those who are so confident of the destructive
effect upon the President of what they call a vote of
want of confidence should remember that our political
history furnishes instances in which Presidents, denied
the confidence of the Senate, have had the confidence of
the .people.
These same Senators were earnest in denying the
confidence of the Senate to Mr. Cleveland on the money
issue, but the election of 1896 indorsed his side of the
issue, though to do so' the people had to elect a Repub
lican successor to him. This time such indorsement will
require the election of President Roosevelt to succeed
himself, and the cabal of opposition Senators should
learn bj' experience that the people are not to be de
ceived nor be misled from the main question by their
attempts to create a party issue.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor. ... ... . . . Address AH Ccmmanications to JOHN HcNAUGHT, Hanager
PubUcation Office . C^||g^> -Third and Market Streets, S.' P.
WEDNESDAY................ ... ? .....^..... DECEMBER 23, 1903
THE SAN FRANCISCO \CALLV WEDNESDAY, DECEMBER 23, 1903.
TALK OF THE TOWN
AND TOPICS OF THE
TIMES
INSTRUCTIVE STUDIES
BY NOTED MEN AND
WOMEN
8
CALIFORNIA CLIMATOLOGY..Thomas F. Clark, inspector in the
Bureau of Streets, lies seriously ill at
St. Mary's Hospital, to which he was
removed from his home yesterday. On
Monday evening, he was seated playing
with his children, when he fell . back
unconscious. Clark'had only Just been
convalescent from kidney trouble,
from which he has been a long suf
ferer.
Street Inspector Seriously 111.
Dorathea Becker of Sacramento
thought she was about to die on Sep
tember 2, 1898, and grave property
worth $4,000 to her son, John
Schwerdtle, on the understanding that
she should receive $20 a month in
case she should recover. She got well
and married again, but the $20 a
month was not forthcoming. She
brought suit against her son and the
lower court decided against her. She
appealed to the Supreme Court, which
reverses the Judgment of the inferior
\ tribunal and orders a new trial.
Son Must Keep Promise.
There was a happy crowd of chil
dren Monday at the Occidental Free
Kindergarten School at 214 Second
street, when a Christmas tree was pro
vided for the little ones. Miss Jennie
\A. Moore, the principal, assisted by a
number of ladies, entertained thechil
drcn and then presented them with
the gifts that were on the tree. Many
of the presents were donated, while
the bulk of the gifts and candies wero
secured through the efforts of the
teachers.
Entertain at Kindergarten.
United States Commissioner George
E. Morse filed his report yesterday in
the United States District Court in the
matter of the petition to limit the lia
bility of the steamer Mary Garratt,
which collided with and sank the
Dauntless in the San Joaquin River in
August, 1901. He reports the value of
the Mary Garratt to be $32,900 and
that of the freight pending to be $250.
The Jlary Garratt Appraised.
\ Paso Itobles Opportunity.
For the holidays, round trip tickets to Paso
Robles only |7 20. Famous Hotel El Paso de
Robles. with its resffui air and air of rest,
offers fare and service unsurpassed and baths
of mud or water, hot from famed medicinal
sprin^a. Scenic country surrounding has finest
of drives and the whole is bathed in glorious
golden sunshine. Just the place to pass the
holidays. For reservations, apply to \V. A.
JUNKER. Manager, Paso Robles Hot Springs.
California. •
A man 10»> years old has started a
popcorn, busmess at Long Beach, Ca.1.,
and the California papers are making
much of the incident as an advertise
ment for the climate, which keeps a
man in good health at that age.
Ju«t received, latest Parisian noveltiet, Xmaa
Clove orders. Danlcfceff. 121 Grant av*. •
\The Camera Club had a Jolly time
last night in celebrating its Christmas
Jihks. The club rooms were crowded
with members and guests. F. C. Banks
presided and a pleasing vocal and
musical programme was rendered by
Misses Cummings, Baldwin and Day
and Mrs. W. C. Hostetter. There was
lots of fun when J. W. Erwin present
ed humorous views of club members
by means of the stereopticon. A fine
Christmas tree, lighted with electric
bulbs, was enjoyed by the members
and Dr. E. G. Elsen as Santa Claus
distributed the gifts in a* humorous
manner. The club attaches were well
remembered with substantial presents.
Camera Club Jinks.
Miss Winnie Reider, a member of the
Grau Opera Company, and a daughter
of Mrs. Graves by a former husband,
was expected home from Chicago on
the day of her mother's death to spend
the holidays, but has not arrived. All
efforts to locate her have* failed and it
is feared she may have met with an
accident.
DES MOIXES, Iowa, Dec. 22.— An in
vestigation by the Coroner reveals the
fact that Mrs. Charles W. Graves, who
was found dead in her home in East
Des Moines on Friday last, burned al
most beyond recognition, had been
strangled. It also deyeloped at the in
quest that the woman's husband had
previously threatened her and had been
restrained by the <;ourt from entering
her home.
Mrs. Taylor declares 5-he was incarce
rated from April 22, 1901, until October
1, 1903. She charges that her property
was taken out. of her possession, and,
without her consent, converted and
turned over to the St. Louis Trust
Company for management. After her
incarceration she demanded her re
lease, but the managers of the asylum
refused to allow her to depart.
Spwia! Dispatch to Thrfttall.
ST. LOUIS. Dec. 22.-^RIrs. Clara
Taylor, wife of Edward M. Taylor, filed
suit in the St. Louis County Circuit
Court to-day for $25,000 damages
against St. Vincent Insane Asylum.
Mrs. Taylor alleges that she was con
fined in the asylum by request of her
husband, against her wishes, and was
compelled to associate with idiots and
imbeciles.
St. Louis Woman Claims That,
Though Sane, She Was Con
fined With Idiots and Cranks
Des Moines Woman Found Dead
in the Ruins of Her Home
the Victim of a Strangler
SUES ASYLUM
FOR DAMAGES
APPLIES TORCH
TO HIDE CRIME
Congregational Church Festival.
A Christmas festival and enter
tainment was held last evening by
the members of the Fourth Congrega
tional Sunday School at the church
at Green and Stockton streets. There
was a large attendance and the pro
gramme was keenly .enjoyed. Those
who took part in the exercises were
Eva Hawkins, m! Crist, Miss Mcln
tyre. Alma Morris, Dorothy - Oalder,
Miss Tibbetts and an orchestra made
up of members of the Sunday school.
The programme closed with the can
tata, "Santa Claus and Uncle Sam,"
which was creditably rendered. A
Christmas tree, loaded down .with
gifts, was a feature of the evening and
the children were made happy with
substantial presents.
Damage Case Dismissed.
The suit of George A. Pierce to re
cover $37,146 from the Southern Pa
cific Company for personal injuries al
leged to have been sustained by him in
a railway collision at Gibsons Switch,
in Shasta^County, on July, 11, 1900,
was dismissed yesterday in the United
States Circuit Court by consent of
counsel for both parties. The case
was settled out of court, the terms >of
the settlement not being stated.
Estelle Takes Notes.
N. B. Estelle, .United States Immi
gration Inspector at Seattle, Wash,, is
visiting the immigrant office at this
port for the purpose of observing Com
missioner North's method of damming
the stream of, undesirable immigra
tion. '
By stipulation yesterday the suit of
the American National Bank against
H. Wadsworth, receiver of the Ep
pinger. Bros., was dismissed in the
United States Circuit Court by Judge
Hanford, sitting for Judge felorrow.'
The dismissal of the suit of the
American National Bank for $67,000
against the receiver appointed by the
Federal courts for the Eppinger Bros,
led to rumors that the insolvent grain
brokers, who are now under indict
ment for embezzlement and other fel
onies, were trying to effect a-aettle
ment with their creditors in the hopes
of staving on* criminal prosecution.
The dismissal of the suit of the
American National Bank proved to be
but a mere routine legal proceeding.
Various banks brought suit to deter
mine the ownership of the wheat in
the North Pacific Coast Warehouse,
the wheat having been pledged by the
Eppingers to the banks in considera
tion of loans secured on the fictitious
warehouse receipts.
Pending the determination of the
Kuits in the Superior Court as to which
bank was entitled to the wheat, the
attorneys for Receiver Wadsworth and
the American National Bank decided
that litigation in the Federal courts
would be useless and it was deemed
best to dismiss the suit in the United
States Circuit Court, which was done
yesterday.
Action Is Taken Pro Forma Pending
Decision as to Ownership of
Pledged Wheat.
SUIT AGAINST EPPIXGERS
DISMISSED BY CONSENT
Although Brent has been in this city
for several weeks he carefully guarded
his secret until yesterday, when he
found it necessary to make confession
of his matrimonial tie in completing
arrangements for the welcoming of
Mrs. Brent. About ten months ago the
mining man gave out the information
that he was going abroad for health
and pleasure, and a few weeks later
witnessed his departure for the other
side of the world, whence he frequently
made his presence there known to his
friends here tltrough the medium of the
postal-card fad. It is now developed
that one of the pleasures contemplated
by him in the preparations for his for
eign trip was his marriage to a hand
some and well-known young woman
of Chicago, who, .with her mother,
started for Europe about the time he
I left San Francisco. They met in Lon-
Ldon early in April and their marriage
quickly followed, and then began the
tour which finally ended in Chicago,
where, as stated before, Brent left his
wife for a few weeks, in order that
he might transact some business
matters in this city.
Mrs. Brent is being accompanied to
the city by her mother, who will in
the future share the home of her.
daughter and son-in-law.
James A. Brent, the well-known
mining man, who has resided at the
Palace Hotel for several years, gave
the clerks of that hostelry and his
many friends about town a pleasant
surprise yesterday, when he quietly an
nounced that he had been married, and
that Mrs. Brent would arrive from
Chicago to-day. The most interesting
feature of the news is that the mar
riage was celebrated last April, abroad,
and was followed by ! the usual wed
ding trip on the Continent, after which
husband and wife parted in Chicago,
while he proceeded on to this city to at
tend to important business matters and
incidentally arrange for the future
home of himself and bride.
H. J. Parkison, a grandnephew of
Mrs. Sarah Woodward, who was re
cently^ appointed her guaridan, has
been cited to appear in Department 9
of the Superior Court Friday, January
8, to show cause why his letters of
guardianship should not be revoked.
He is also ordered to bring to court
his aged ward. The citation was is
sued yesterday on complaint of J. R.
Lewis, a lifelong friend of Mrs. Wood
ward and one of the trustees of her
large estate, who, in . an affidavit,
charges that Parkison, in order that he
and several other relatives of the aged
woman might benefit themselves finan
cially, have spirited her away from her
comfortable and peaceful home in the
Santa Clara Valley, enticed her to this
city, and by making false statements
to the court concerning her residence,
secured legal control of her person.
According 'to Lewis' affidavit, Mrs.
Woodward was visited by Parkison and
J. R. Hamlet, another relative,/ at her
cozy and pretty home in Cottage Park,
Santa Clara County, laBt November.
They pretended, he says, that a grand
niece of hers was very anxious to have
her come to this city to spend Thanks
giving with her and by this means pre
vailed upon Mrs. Woodward to leave
her peaceful abode and come to this
city. A few days thereafter Parkison
filed a petition to be appointed her
guardian, claiming in his petition that
she was a legal resident of San Fran
cisco and that she possessed an estate
that needed better attention than she,
because of her extreme age, could give.
Continuing, Lewis claims that there
was no necessity for any such proceed
ing. He says that her estate is under
the care of himself, Dr. Eli McClish
and Jeremiah Letter, and has been
cared for by them for the last two
years, or ever since Mrs. Woodward
deeded it to them to hold in trust for
her. Her every want is provided for,
says Lewis, by the trustees out of the
income from the property and from an
annuity of ?600 paid her by Henry
French. Upon her death, avers Lewis,
by the terms of the trust deed the re
mainder of her fortune is to go to the
University of the Pacific.
Well-Known Mining Man Care
fully Guards His Secret Until
Wife. Is About to Join Him
Petitioner Claims Statements
About Her Residence Were
Known to "Bo Falsehoods
BRIDE IS FROM CHICAGO
WARD A WEALTHY WOMAN
James A. Brent Makes Public
a Matrimonial Event Which
Was Solemnized Last April
J. R. Lewis Asks for Revo
cation of Appointment of
Mrs. Woodward's Guardian
HIS MARRIAGE
IS A SURPRISE
CLAIMS COURT
WAS DECEIVED
ABLE JURIST
LAID TO REST
Funeral of Judge John Haynes
Takes Place From St. Mcho
. las Hotel, His Late Residence
SERVICES ARE SIMPLE
Last Rites Are Attended by
Many of the State's Leading
Meii in the Legal Fraternity
The funeral of the late Judge John
Haynes took place from his late resi
dence at the St. Nicholas Hotel yes
terday.
The funeral service was read by Rev.
W. K. Guthrie of the First Presby
terian Church, who also made a few
appropriate remarks. A male quartet
sang "Nearer, My God, to Thee" and
"Peace, Be Still." Among the large
number of members of the legal fra
ternity that was present to pay honor
to the memory of the dead jurist were
his old friends, late Chief Justice John
Currey and Superior Judge Coffey.
Among the floral tokens was a beauti
ful broken wheel wrought in violets
and white roses sent by the Union
League Club and a wreath of violets
from the Supreme Court Commission
ers. At the conclusion of the services
the funeral party followed the remains
to Mountain View Cemetery in Oak
land, where the interment took place.
Following were' the honorary pallbear
ers:
Chief Justice Beatty, Justice Van
Dyke, Justice McFarland, Justice Hen
shaw, N. P. Chlpman, Wheaton A.
Gray, J."A. Cooper, George H. Smith,
Judge Niles Searls and L, S. Sherman.
May Succeed Late Judge Ilaynes.
SANTA ROSA, Dec. 22.— Judge Al
bert G. Burnett of the Sonoma County
Superior Court may be selected Su
preme Court Commissioner to succeed
the late Judge Haynes. It is under
stood here that practically all of the
members of the supreme bench desire
Judge Burnett to accept the high honor.
He is being urged by messages from
the metropolis to consider the matter
favorably. At the urgent request of
members of the Supreme Court Judge
Burnett went to San Francisco this
afternoon to confer in regard to the
matter. Many friends here will be
sorry to lose Judge Burnett should he
decide to accept the new position, but
they will be glad to know of any honor
that may be conferred upon him. Judge
Burnett is an able jurist and is now
entering upon his second term as Judge
of the Superior Court. He is one of
the most prominent members of the
legal fraternity -in -Northern California.
Resumes Old Schedule.
It was announced by the Southern
Pacific passenger department yesterday
that, on December 29, the
company will resume its former sched
ule for the operating of passenger
trains between this city and San Jose.
In August last, when tne company be
gan to find its lines congested with
freight trains that could not be moved
owing to the scarcity of motive power,
it took off a number of trains running
between here and the Garden City.
Since then the congested conditions
have been greatly relieved and appre
ciating the need of a better service be
tween the points mentioned, where ths
local traffic has maintained itself in a
surprising manner, it has decided to in
crease the number of trains.
Will Give Benefit Performance.
It has been determined by Golden
Gate Council No. 80 of the Commercial
Travelers' Association to dispense with
its annual ball and banquet this year
and .instead it will give a theatrical
benefit in the form of a minstrel enter
tainment which is programmed for De
cember 30 at the Alhambra Theater.
The change of entertainment is dua to
the death and sickness among mem
bers, which prompted the idea of a
theatrical benefit. " Numerous volun
teers are-^ rehearsing under the direc
tion of William Freeman and an inter
esting performance is anticipated.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, • WEDNESDAY, DECEMBER 23, 1903.
9
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
M I SCELLAXEOUS.
PRAGEBS
AMUSEMENTS.
vOLUiwSESlA IEAOIM THUT2I
I AST 4 SIOHTB
MAT. CHJEUSTMAS AND SATTJEDAT.
F. C. WHITNEY Presents
The Queen of Singing Comediennes.
LULU GLASER
In Stanze & Edwards' Dainty Comic Opera.
DOLLY VARDEN.
Next Monday— Charles Fronman Presents
Clyde Fitch's Best Play,
THE GIRL WITH
THE GREEN EYES.
Strong cast of favorites, including IDA
CONQUEST. ROBERT DROUET, MRS. WHIF-
FEN, GRACE HENDERSON and others.
SEATS READY THURSDAY.
fAyiFQRNT/n
\j I DiUI Y 7OT7B MOBS iff"!
FOXY F^s — I
I V/* * MATINEE I
GRANDPA I ""» s "" e I
s*sr Joseph Hart
sg| Carrie De Mar
NEXT— ARE YOU A MASON?
CXTBTAIH RISES A78 SHARP.
MATINEES Christmas Day and Saturday.
B«n«flta la Aid of «*•
WIDOWS' AND ORPHANS' FUND
SAN FRANCISCO FIRE. DEPARTMENT.
E. J. Carpenter Presents the Sensational Mel-
odrama,
A LITTLE OUTCAST
The Performance Will Conclude With the One-
Act Drama.
HOW TO FIGHT A XTBE.
Characters i by Members of the San Francisco
Fire Department and Police Force.
Beginning Sunday Matinee, "W. B. PATTON,
the Peculiar Comedian, in "THE MINIS-
TER'S SON."
MATINEE TO-DAY. WEDNESDAY. Dec. 23.
At 2 Sharp.
Parquet, any seat, 25c; Balcony, 10c; Chil-
dren, any part except reserved, 10c.
Great Orpheum Road Show.
Merlan's Dog: Pantomime and "Cae-
sar," the Mind-Reading Poodle;
Elizabeth Murray; 4 Nigh tons; Ed.
F. Reynard; EckhofT and Gordon;
Melani Trio; Albertns and Millar;
Henry Humbert y, and Ernest Ho-
gan, Mattie Wilkes and Company.
SPECIAL MATIXEE CHRISTMAS.
Said the doctor to the eloomy man,
"It's hard to Dull you through.
There's one chance left to save your life.
You must aee
l"I-O-U"~
The Uproariously Funny Musical Comedy Still
Delighting- Thousands.
Our "All -Star" Cast. Including Koib and
Dill. Allen Curtis. Winfleld Blake. Maude Am-
ber, Georgia O'Ramey, Althea Twins, Ben
Dillon.
In Conjunction With Our Chorus of Fifty In an
Entertaining Melange of Mirth and Song.
Matinees . Saturday and Sunday.
SPECIAI. MATIKEE CHRISTMAS
ADVANCE
ANNOUNCEMENT!
PATH,
The world's greatest songstress, will appear In
San Francisco, her banner city, on the night of
January 7 and the afternoon of the 11th.
Popular Prices,
One, two, three, four and five dollars, will pre.
vail.
Full particulars regcrdlng sale of seats will
bo announced later.
Racing!pji^>RaciiiT!
EVEKT WEEK DAT. RAIN OR SHINE.
NEW CALIFORNIA , JOCKET CLUB.
INGLESIDE TRACK
Commencing MONDAY. December 14.
Six or More Races Daily.
Racts start at 2 p. m. sharp.
Reached by streetcar from any part of tha city.
Train leaves Third and Townsend streets at
1:15 p. m. and leaves'. the trade immediately
after the last race. No smoking In last two
cars, which are reserved for ladies aad their
escorts.
THOMAS H. WILLIAMS. President
PERCY W. TREAT. Secretary. X
ODTTOIII70 FOH BARBERS. BA-
Ijrf U kJli HO k * ra - bootblacks, bath-
,r **¦«*****•* fcou,^ billiard tablts,
brewers bookbinders, candy-maken. eanners.
dyets. floor mills, foundries.' laundries, paper-
bangers, printers, painters, shoe factories,
ttablemen, tar-roofers. -tanners, tailors, ate.
BT7CKAVAV BH.OS.,
Brusb is*attXacttu:er»,G09 Sacramaato sib
ADVERTISEMENTS.
|i tone is full, clear and even, never harsh §1
H but always melodious. The Behr Bros, and pa
H Baumeister pianos stand at the head and Wm
p Jducemerit to holiday purchasers,we Offer pj
p| an excellent piano, mahogany, walnut g|
H or oak, thoroughly well made, a piano pi
i| that you could not duplicate for one- M
|| third more in any house on d*|QC AA .§3
Handsome Christmas Present
IMS,.,
i JPPQCinrr
LJL C/OOlIlg...
Table...
In not only handsome but useful
y "v "Necessary to any lady's room;
, /* appropriate for any home'
r _______ i Comes in Birdseye Maple and
Hs&^-f&fegg 1 JdL«g_« -gSrigjg^^ag^ : ? c ;' Oak - P ur prlG0 unt »i
"•""-.: - 613.50
/Sjr"Tj J^J^S^ j Don't fail to see our fine line
f'/J 1 1 ! f*$ of holiday Chairs and Rockers
\;ii j? .n for children; very attractive and
\\ || •'>•'¦¦• : Iff "well made; some aic>l Ra
13 if S low-priced as ... O1»«U
W I : .„ m We've also lots of attractivo
W g^_ i **i_*~l O a B things at reasonable prices in
If. sr • I .. g *xj\J «£> M holiday Leather Goods. Open
jjkjS." ' TT-Lv^ ML^- evenings till Christmas.
A. B. SMITH CO,
T_e Bottioaatle-Priced Store
128-132 Ellis Street, A.ore Pcwe.l, Sao Francisco.
Store Open Evenings
1 II ¦ ¦ — - wi 1 - » — ¦—.-— ¦¦¦. ¦ 1 »-!¦¦¦¦¦ 11 , 1 _ 1, .. . . ... ¦ , 1 rc
8:30 a. m. to 12 o'clock noon
Double Green Trading Stamps
Wm Be Given With All Purchases
After 12 O'clock the Usual Number of Stamps Will Be Given
\ ?tg38'125OHARKET ST.-*-* .
Corner Sixteenth and Mission
M O R R IS CHAIRS
AND FINE UPHOLSTERED GOODS
Here is your opportunity to make a Morris Chair selection
from nearly fifty patterns— prices are fixed lower than ever
this ireck to insure large sales.
Cushions Have Our Guaranteed Construction
/f^O^^S^^^ This Fine Morris Chair
1h \is //m\\ Jiifc\* \ J ust as sn0 - wn ' n picture.
\ i|||f jbi\ Massive Claw Feet
W^ll- M*k 'J^4 Every detail of construc-
\v ft^yl$ '^&W i tlon °* e h'ghest grade
lection from .: large fff\\\ <T -£ A I "7C Is OUT price
variety in li ie \ el- \UjJtl } l\J.< 0 Would COSt VOU
ibie. \C—^ $15.00 or more elsewhere.
Morri» Bocker — A rich golden oak. Solid Panel Side — In fine tjuarter-
front posts corrugated. cift crrx sawed oak. Massive carv- Q99 (\(\
A $20 value lngs . worth *30 ; ?*'' UU
Mission Desi«Ti Bocker with pret- cr a b^ k wh °" e ™ a ted; a mahogany,
srae S car^'ih TiT.lo. . SS $13.25 is - k j - . w . e f. Ul . e . r ? d . $10.75
Oolden Oak Chair — Large grriffin Weathered Oak or golden oak: good
heads on arms; heavy 4£itz "jez finish; $10.00 value C"7
claw feet. Worth $20 QlO./O ' /iOU
BARGAINS IN PARLOR GOODS
Turkish Chair — Best springs, cov- Davenpcrt — With wardrobe box In
ored in rich imported crim-ecj f\f\ seat: two-tone green velour Q>Jff (\f\
Bun livornia «3>»>^.UU cover *?*?**. w
Shell-Shaped Corner Chair — With
coverings in green silk COO cz(\ Overstaffed Beceptioa Chair —
damask «p*^.**\J Handsomely upholstered in ClO «Q
Parlor Bocker— Mahogany or oak s» lk damask V «• v
finish frame, vclour seat Cg CQ
S >Vf " LjXf Three-Fiece Suit — Pattosien's guar-
Daveapcrt and Arm Chair — In aftteed upholstery in green C<^O (\(\
matched pattern silk tap-eoc na verona — .* v»* **•***'
estry cover VOJ.UU
Beceptioa Chair — In Mahogany Gold Corner Chair — Dainty yet
finish frame, silk tapestry Cy* t\f\ substantially constructed. ClO (]()
cushion scat «p**« w V««»*'^
AMUSEMENTS.
TIVOUS
Corner Mason and Eddy Streets.
GRAND OPENING TO-NIGHT
MATINEES CHRISTMAS AND SATI/rDAY.
Magnificent Production of the Holiday Spec-
tacle,
IXIOIN
Or "THE WHEEI.MAIT."
A Mythological Musical Extravaganza la
Three Actai
See Bothwell Browne's Beautiful Ballets.
USUAL. POPULAR PRICES. . .25c. 50c and 75o
Proscenium and Mezzanine Box Seats.... $1 CO
Seata on sale two weefc» la advance.
Market St., Near Eighth. Phon* South 533.
TO-NIGHT— CHRISTMAS WEEK.
MATINEES XMAS. SATURDAY AND
SUNDAY.
The Musical Extravaganza.
ALPHONSE and GASTON
Richest. Raciest. Cleverest of All.
Vaudeville Specialties in Every Act.
COMEDIAN TONY WEST.
MISS VIRGINIA AINSTVOUTH.
And Chorus of Forty "Birdie 1 ' Girls.
DDirCC Evenings.... 10c to BOo
rnltCj Matineea 10c. 15c. 25c
New Year"* Week. December 23 — "THE
DAIRY FARM."
I T ft I rj A Tl Belaieo & Mayer.
ALCAZAR E pn s"?"c.
V. ; General Manager.
TO-NIGHT— CHRISTMAS "WEEK.
THREE MATS.— SAT.. SUN. AND XMAS.
"Capital performance." — Chronicle.
"Unusually versatile comoany." — Call. •
dt f jpr win
DLUL Never
JEANS o^r
GREAT CAST— WONDERFUL REALISM.
The Brass Band. The Pet Bull. The Barb*,
cue. Th? Santa Claus Scene. The Thrilling
Buzzsaw Sensation. Order Seats In Advance.
Bvenlr.ee. 25c to 73c; Matineea, 15c to &Uc.
Monday, Jan. 4 -A LADY OF QUALITY.
BIG CHBXST1ZAS SPECTACLE,
THE BSZTTOSS.
And a Great Show Every Afternoon aal
Evening In the Seated Theater.
TWIN SISTERS IN THE INFANT EJCC-
BATORS.
AMAT12 UK KiaBCT TUUKSSAY.
PRESENTS FROM THE CHRISTMAS TRE^
FOR Ali. CHILDREN FRIDAT
AFTERNOON.
— — I
Admission. 10c. Children. Cc.
VaUr? MATT ****• ™
laiaWW fee beautiful
- ; COURT Lounging
fl flfl room, tha EMPIRJ2
O11U PARLOR. th«
r j PALM ROOM, tha
UfHtid * W)UIS XV PAR.
D l i- \ DIES' WRITING
} Hotels | gooM -
BAJA CALIFORNIA
Damiana Bitters
IS A GREAT RESTORATIVE. INVIGORA-.
tor and Nervine.
The most wonderful aphrodisiac and Special
Tonic for the Sexual Organs, for bota sexea.
The Mexican Remedies for Diseases of tha
Kidneys and Bladder. Sells on Its own mertut
NABER. ALFS * BRUNE. Agents.
323 Market St.. B. F. — (Send for Circular*).
IA/. X. HESS,
Votary Pnblio and Attorn«y-at-£aw.
: Tenth Floor. Room 1015, Claus Sprockets bids.
Telephone Main 033.
Recidesee. 821 California St.. below Pow»lU
Rf !dacc» TtUphcn* James 1801.
Sehools and Colleges/
5v^ (9 pjjfarf _i ¦ ESI W S^ I I
LEADING BUSINESS COLLEGE 07 TU3
WEST. 24 Post st.. San Francisco. Cal.
Established 40 years. Open antlr* y«MW
Writ* for Illustrated catalogs* <fr— ).
DIRECTORY
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
Catalogue and Price Liste Matiol
on Application.
FRESH AWD SALT MEATS,
lie RAVEC C. pn Shipping Butchers. 104
JAj. dUIEO tt WU. Clay. T«L Main 12H.
oas.
LUBRICATINO OILS; LEONARD * KT.I.T^
4IB Front St.. 8. F. Phon> Mala 1718.
FXSffTZHO. .
WEEKLY. CAXL, $1.00 PER YKAB,The bow of promise is never seen
while we- are"; looking, down.
Wrestler Jenkins Defeats McLeod.
NEW YORK. Dec. 22.— Tom Jenkins
Df Cleveland, in a catch-as-catch-can
match -.ith Dan McLeod of Canada, at
Madison Square Garden to-night, se
tured two out of three falls. - - -
Reduced rates to' points on the North 'Shore
Railroad -(north of Fairfax) on December : 24,
25, ¦'20, 31. January 1. and : 2. - good for . return
until January 1. . Extra : trains to Cazadero
and. Russian River on December 24 and 31;at
fi: 15 p. m. ¦ Get. copy of .schedule at ticket of
fice. No. 628 Market street.. *
Holiday Excursions.
Sixth race — One and a" sixteenth miles, four
year-olds and up, selling.
M54 Position (C. Durfee). . . .~. j M
5473 'Kitty Kelly (W. U-BUnfleld)...v... 104
5437 'Frank Woods (Garden City Stable) 1(U
5461 •silver Tizz (G. Lanka)..: .104
54fl« Prince Blaxes <E. Merz) .".......-. ify,
54»2 Burdock <H. F. Parks) ..... " ijw
5405 Outburst (J. Jr McAIester. ..,.;.; *" \«w
' 5471 »Bl*ssed.Damoxel (C. W. Chappelle)"" oq
•ApprtbUce allowance/ ¦ • " w
N'EW YORK, Dec. 22. — George E.
Smith'EifPittsburg Phil) request for a
rehearing of his case, whereby his en
tries are refused, was laid upon the
table by the stewards of the. Jockey
Club at the regular meeting to-day.
Uttle Comfort for Pittsburg Plill.
English Golfer Praises Americans.
LONDON, Dec. 22.— Miss Rhona
Adair, the champion woman golfer of
Ireland and England, who has just re
turned from a "visit to the United
Statej, brought back pleasant impres
sions of the women golfers, whom she
describes in an interview as ' being
"thorough sportswomen, equally pleas
ant as partners , or as , opponents."
' Personally she said . she had always
met with "hearty appreciation and a
fair field and; no favor." Miss_'AdaIr
was struck wlthjthe "smart appearance
of the American player,- In. her. well^cut
golfing dress," and expressed^doubt as
to how long the' British woman golfers
would be able to- maintain the 'lead. "* '
PR0BABX.E WETNESS.
First race— Puss In Boots, Slfln XJnff,
Hilary. .
Second race— Xtockaw»y. lord Wads
worth, Mandon.
Third race— Bummer, Misty's Pride,
rort Wayne.
rourth race — Constellator, Lunar,
Thank Haven.
XtXta race— Meehaxms, Sill Massle,
XlloTmho. - •
Sixth race— Position, Kitty Kelly, Sil
ver Plzz. »
Sixth race,' six and a half. furlongs-
Mr. Pickwick won, Talhouet •'; second,
Responsive third. . Time, 1:08 2-5; „.
Second race, five furlongs— Little
Jack Homer won, Sadducee second,
Scorpio third. Time, 1:05 1-5.
Third race, seven furlongs — Cardinal
Wolsey won, .Dutiful second, Spencer
ian third. Time, 1:28.
Fourth race, five and a half furlongs
— Low Cut won, Falkland second, Short
Cut third. Time, 1:09 1-5.'
Fifth race, one and five eighths mile
—Sidney Sabath won, Stonewall second.
Hay ward Hunter third. Time, 2:50.
NEW ORLEANS, Dec. 22.— Crescent
City summary:
First race, six furlongs— Silver Mead
won, Trossachs second, Tribune third.
Time, 1:15. : ;J '..;,- -C> : <c/.
New Orleans. Race Results.
Covlngton Johnson, residing at 840
Jones street, was" thrown from a buggy
while driving with a lady in Golden
Gate Park yesterday. The horse took
fright and ] ran away. Johnson clung
to the reins after being thrown out and
was dragged some distance. When the
horse was stopped Johnson was found
to be suffering greatly and at the Park
Emergency Hospital it was discovered
that his" shoulder was dislocated , and
there were lacerations and contused
wounds on his head and face. John
son's companion escaped injury. '.
Injured in Runaway.
Fifth race^ — Seven furlongs, four-year-olds
and up, selling.
5467 Colonel Van (D. S. Fountain) im
v 5407 Meehanus (T. T. Rector)... 114
5485 Illowaho (H. Stover) 114
5121 Ada N. (Antrim Stable) \\\
M77 Diderot (J. P. Atkin) m
54S4 Insolence (Johnson & Co.) 106
54»7 Bill Massle (J. J. McAIester) m
5497. 'Chorus Boy (H. Robinson) 101
Fourth race— One mile and fifty yards, all
*M&)*Tha n n l k Haven (R. Clark).... R2
5491 •ConstelVator (Keating & Co.).. 1W
5470 »Elie (G. L-nka) 82
5450 Wistaria (J. F. Schorr) 67
5451 •! O U (C. W. Chappelle) 104
5497 'Lunar (W. McL»more) 100
54S1 Billy Moore (T.T. Rector) 105
5491 Prestolus (F. Devln 4 Co.) ,lf.ft
5486 Pat Morrissey (T. Wellman) ....105
5470 *Foxy Grandma (Mrs. J. Coftey) K5
(5492)«Arthur Ray (J. L. Clayton) 107
54SS Cheeny ) U. Z. de Arman) 90
5301 Charlie Schweitzer (L. Blasingame). 87
Paul Ratto, who conducted a fruit
store at 119 Ninth street, died last
'night after meeting with an accident
in which his skull was fractured.
Ratto returned to his stable from de
- liverirrg goods in the afternoon and
after putting his horse up he slipped
and fell. Ratto went home and told
his wife of the accident. It was not
-considered serious and Mrs. Ratto
..placed him pn a lounge and dressed
the wound on the right side of his
• head, but he soon lapsed into uncon
sciousness and died. The Coroner was
notified and after hearing the details
consented to allow the body to be re-
' moved to an undertaker's.
Paul RattoV Fatal Fall.
Claude 12^ The Major ...102.
Argregor IIS Eonlc ...101
Nones ....118 Americano 10<>
Proper- IIS Alfredo 100
Oarsman 115 Caronel ..100
Kenilworth 114 Modicum 100
Luclen Appleby 114 Our Bessie ;.100
Fossil lU 'ncubator 100
Corrlgan 113 Benson Caldwell .. !>»
Divina 11" Futurita 9ft
Honlton 110 Illowaho 83
Ben MacDhui 110 Esherln 99
Epicure 1C0 Diderot OS
Albula 100 RoeaHe 98
The Giver 10s Barklyite 0.8
Horatius 10S Jockey Club its
Sidney C. Love 108 Caliban OS
Jack de Mund ....107 Forest King $>S
Evea G. 107 Allopath »8
Dainty 107 Jarretlere d'Or .... 87
Grafter :...... .....106 Ink 97
Yellow Tail 106 Colonel Van .97
Faulconbridge 10« Diamante. 97
Arabo 10f> Watercure 97
Thane 106 Plrateer ftfl
Royal Rogue ..106 Grail 96
Mansard ........... 10fi Huntressa B5
His Eminence ICC Ishtar 95
Major Tenny 105 Harry Beck '95
Orlana ..105 Cursus 95
Daisy Green 105 Dodle S. 95
Emshee 104 B-Jcoleuth 95
Lord .Melbourne. ..103 Carson Beauty'./.. 05
Kda RIley . . . . 1 C~- Entoy Listo 9::
Solon 103 Nlgrette ......::.. 93
Joe Lesser, ........102 Lacy Crawford 0.1
Leader 102 Veterano 90
Arcade ...;.....-• .102 Oro Viva 90
: H. T. Oxnard, whois the owner of a
thoroughbred breeding farm in Napa
County, Robert Oxnard, Dan Murphy
and John D. Spreckels were guests ' of
President Williams ' at ! the clubhouse
yesterday,.
With strawberries - and all varieties
Third race— Five, furlongs, three-year-olds
and up. selling. ,„
5442 'Bummer (Winter & Co.) 1C9
541)4 Fort Wayne (A. Ross) 107
5249 Americano (E. J. Baldwin).... 113
54»4 'Futurita (W. H. Kraft) 105
04»4 'Cardwellton (t. Z. de Arman) 103
5127 'Mlsty's Pride (S. J. Jones) 1OT
5445 Clausus (T. H. Ryan) 10i
5461 Quiet (H. E. Rowell) 100
5430 Lapldu. (M. J. Daly)..... 104
5321 Scotsman (Jennings Sc Co.) 110
•Pierce J (H. Robinson) 108
•Thoth (C. L. Durker) 104
•Lady Bimbo IE. Forbes) 89
Second race— Six furlongs, two-year-olds.
P M87'Rockaway (Burns & Waterhouse)....110
5487 Lord Wadsworth (T. O. Ferguson).... 110
5487 Otto Stifel (B. Schrelber) 1KJ
5469 Mendon (Dayton & Co.) .. . •¦"•• JJ"
6409 Instructor (Boots * Hollenbeck) 106
5441 Play Ball (M. J. Daly)... 106
.... Solanus (Jennings &. Co.) 118
BOSTON, Dec. 22.— Philadelphia Jack
O'Brien won the decision over Twin
Sullivan in a fifteen-round bout at the
Criterion Club to-night. At the ring
side O'Brien weighed 158 pounds, while
Sullivan tipped the scale at 153.
Sullivan was the aggressor from the
first round and O'Brien's fancy leads
were blocked and countered prettily.
O'Brien's tactics were almost entirely
on the defensive upto the ninth round,
when Sullivan's right eye was closed
by a well-directed blow. After, that
O'Brien had little difficulty in reaching
him. In the thirteenth round, however,
O'Brien received a similar injury and
the men were again on equal terms.
In the fifteenth round there was a
warm mixup. '
O'Brien Defeats Twin Sullivan.
Paul Martin still retains his title of
n!^n te f r^ feathCr ' WeiKht boxin * cha^-
P on of the coast. Hi 3 work last night
d id not put any superfluous feathers In
his cap. but at all events the judges
who counted the points decided against
young J Q e Carroll, who did all the work
and put the champion to tlie floor twice
with good straight lefts to the jaw
It started like a battle of friendship
but toward the end the boys warmed
up a bit and commenced to go some
At least Carroll did. All Martin tried
was a sort of a jump, and as soon as
Carroll got jerrr to the style of the
dark-skinned boxer he met him fairly
with an ever ready uppercut. Martin
never landed a solid punch on his
dopy-looking opponent. He fought more
like a tramp than a champ. When the
result of the encounter became known
a volley of hoots and hisses was wafted
up to the roof.
Charley Dunn lost to Harry Healy. a
first-timer, in a four-round go. Healy
had a good punch and the advantage in
weight and Dunn was rather yellow all
the way. Loren Brown won
from Charles Taylor In the
fourth, the bout being stopped
by Referee McDevitt." Pierpont Ordway
bested Jack Adams in four rounds.
HRrry Williams stopped George Robin
son in the third, and Joe McBride fin
ished Kid Cole In a round.
The fights took place in Mechanics*
Pavilion annex, under the auspices of
the Hayes Valley Club.
Paul Martin Fights Like a Third-
Rater, But the Judges Declare
Him a Winner.
CARROLL DOES THE WORK
BUT LOSES THE DECISION
ENTRIES FOR TO-DAY.
First race— Six furlongs, three-year-olds and
"I'isrPu'ssin Boots (A. Josephs)...* 100
1 40 1 -Elfin King (J. N. Curl) 107
5112 Hilary (Piedmont Stable).. U2
B426 •Yellowstone (W. *\ Fine). ••••••••• JJJ
54R4 'Sterling Tawers (Stockton Stable)... 112
' 64J>1 'Quatre (E. Tlerney).... i JO*
tW»2 Gibraltar (O. S. McKenzle). 115
4791 Honeysuckle (Frisco SUble) 100
540S Boutcnniere (Johnson & Co.) i"J
4620 El Fonse (C. P. Fink) J"
5346 Sir Preston (J. Hunter). wa
. Capable (Mcshler & Co) 1(B
of tropical fruits for sale in the markets
and weather warm and balmy, the vis
iting Eastern horsemen imagine they
are on the eve of Fourth of July, in
stead of Christmas day.
Henry Spencer viewed the racing
from the ground yesterday. The tall
California rider says that, while he
spent a profitable season on the Aus
trian tracks, he will not return there
next season.
Each of the feather-weights enjoys
this clash of arms and shows it by the
manner in which he sails into his box
ing partner. Hanlon took on Joe
Thomas and Fred Landers yesterday,
each going two rounds of regulation
length. His style of boxing suffers in
comparison with that of Champion
Corbett.
It was a case of fight from start to
finish and a knockout seemed possible
at any time. Hanlon fought as he has>
done each time in the ring — taking sev
eral blows to land one. His favorite
punch was a right uppercut, which he
used repeatedly and to good effect. He
came out of his practice with a cut
nose and a cut mouth.
Hanlon expects to do his last boxing
to-day. This will give the sore spots a
chance to heal thoroughly. He uses one
article In training which is likely to lnl
jure his hands or wrists at any ¦ mo
ment. This is a padded affair fastened
to the wall of his gymnasium. The
padding has been forced 'out of place
and'the hard wall gets the full strength
of the blow.
v The perspiration was slow to* start
yesterday, but once Hanlon warmed up
It came freely. Harry Foley gave out
his weight as being 133 pounds. His
diet has been unrestricted in variety
and In Quantity.
Young Corbett put In a busy day of
training. He had two plunges in the
ocean, did a long jaunt on the road and
boxed three rounds each with Monte
Attel and George Sanfransen. The lit
tle champion expects to scale J.32',2
pounds to-morrow, when he will weigh
in public for the first time. y.
It is doubtful if any two boxers in
recent years have gene through so se
vere a course of training as Eddie Han-
Ion and Young Corbett have for their
engagement next Tuesday night in Me
chanics' Pavilion. Each day for sev
eral weeks they have engaged in train
ing bouts that have been thinly veiled
fights.
The score was 9 goals to 5, in favof
of the Reds. McCreery made eight and
Driscoll four. Dunphy and Howard
each made one for tneir respective
sides. No faster play has been seen
this season than that which marked
the concluding period. In swift suc
cession Driscoll drove the ball thrice
between the posts, and it began to look
like a tie game. McCreery got into
action again and quickly scored twice.
This terminated the match amid ap
plause for the two great horsemen. The
Fides were:
Reds— Lawrence McCreery, E. W.
Howard and C. Raoul-Duval.
i Whites— T. A. Driscoll. Francis J.
Carolan and Charles Dunphy.
Two periods had been played before
the arrival of Messrs. Carolan and Du
val. The periods were six in number
and were each of ten minutes' dura
tion.
Instead of polo on Christmas day It
-is expected there will be a golf tourna
ment on the club links, with a number
of ladies in the game.
Lawrence McCreery broke the sea
son's record twice on the Burlingame
polo field yesterday. He scored eight
goals during a game, one of them be
ing made from the center of the field in
the remarkably short space of twenty
seconds. The honors of the game lay
almost exclusively between McCreery
and Tom Driscoll.
Hanlon and Corbett Devote
Much Time to Actual I?riis>-
Work With the Big Gloves
McCreery Scores Eijrlit Goals
in a Game at Burlingame,
. One in Twentv Seconds
SWIFT ACTION
ON POLO FIELD
FAST TRAINING
FOR FIGHTERS
Every organization in the post par
ticipated in the day's proceedings.
There vere Companies Twenty-seven,
Twenty-eight, Twenty-nine, Sixty,
Seventy, Ninety-two and One Hundred
and Five, Coast Artillery; First, Fifth
and Twenty-fourth batteries. Field
Artillery, and Troops I, K, L and M,
Ninth Cavalry.
The different events were enlivened
with music by the band of the Third
Artillery Corps. " - L .
In the afternoon the big- crowd of
officers and enlisted men which had
watched the morning sports was aug
mented by many visitors, who came to
witness the baseball game between the
visiting officers' team -from Ord Bar
racks and the post officers' team. The
score was 12 to 11 in favor of the home
nine. , . , >
Relay race — Won by Twenty-seventh Com
pany. Coast Artillery, with Troop L. Ninth
Cavalry, carrying off the second honors.
The pitching of the Sibley tents was
watched with great interest, and the
remarkable time made by the- winners
was rewarded with the applause de
served. •
The relay race probably created the
greatest enthusiasm, and the runners
were cheered by the onlookers from
the first dash until the close of the
hotly contested race.
Standing broad Jump — Won by Private Smel
ly. TrooD I. Ninth Cavalry. Distance, 9 feet
7»i Inches. Private Davis of the Twenty-ninth
Company, Coast Artillery, was Eeccnd, with U
feft C^s Inches.
Pitching of the Sibley tent — Won by the
First Battery Field Artillery. Time. 3 mln
utce 19 second*. The second honors fell to
the Fifth Battery. Field Artillery. Time, 3
minutes and 23 eecends.
Running high Juran — Won by Corporal
Keogh of the -Twenty-seventh Company, Coast
Artillerxi Private Ephratm second. Height,
4 feet tt inche*.
220-yard dash — Won by Private Stevens of
the Twenty-fourth Battery, with P. Campbell
of ih<? Twenty-seventh Coast Artillery second.
Time. 24 seconds. •
100-yard dash— Won by Musician Kirs of
the Twenty-fourth Field battery, -with Corpo
ral Smith of the Ninth Cavalry a close second.
Time. 10 2-5 teconds.
Th? field day at the Presidio military
reservation yesterday was a marked
success in every respect. The weather
was ideal for athletic sports. There
was a large crowd present, and each
victor was accorded a warm reception,
the spectators being liberal with their
applause. No records were broken, al
though the soldiers showed athletic
ability of a high class. With proper
training they should be able to cope
with the athletes of the universities.
The various events resulted as fol
lows:
Men Display Unusual Cleverness in Athletic Sports and
Win Applause From a Throng of Spectators.
COMPETITORS AND OFFICIALS WHO PLAYED A PROMINENT PART AT THE PRESIDIO MILITARY RES
ERVATION YESTERDAY IN A VARIED PROGRAMME OF ATHLETIC SPORTS WHICH ATTRACTED A
GREAT THRONG OF SPECTATORS. WHO APPLAUDED THE VICTOR IN EACH EVENT. : ¦' ? 7 ¦
INGLESIDE BACETEACK— TUESDAY. Dec. 22, 1903. Weather flne. Track slow.
S408. FIRST RACE— Six and a half furlongs: selling; 3-year-olds and up; to first. $025.
Index Hore« and Owner. FwtlStT" K " %^ %. Str. Fin. i Jockey, j Op! Cl? •
?S ?. r ™ lI »- 3 'Judge 4 Co.)....|l«fl| 3 2 h 4 n 2* 11*1 3 1 6 |Bell jTTs JTs
£SJ ?,?, lah - 6 (G S - McKenzie)..|lCO' 1 3 fc Z „ 4 % 2 2^2 3 |Larsen .... 15 13
*?2f H luou °n- 5 <W. D. Randall).. | lOl'l 4 10 6 10 1^9 3 * i, 3 4 IHildebrand 7-2 9-2
5S2A Boutonnlere.3 (Johnson & Co.) 99j 5 4 x± 3 1' 3 3 2 S h 4 2 I XI. Johnson. in 12
3-™0 Myrtle H. 4 (Mrs. Hertwll).. 107 7 7 h « 7 n 7 1 5 4 IHaack .... 10 12
r£H V? n f a o 4 (Mr9 - McMlchaels).. 112 8Hh5h5nSl Bh'jBuxton .... CO 15
r.™ Little Sister. 4 (Graffort) 112 9 9 i£ 9 H » *i 9 h 7 li |C. Kelly.... 20 20
ZYS £ rand Sac !? em :. a <Moran).... 1C2J10 5h8il>n5n8n|L. Jackson. I IS 20
£ assen2 °- 4 (Walz & Co.).... 1071 2 13 13 1 >i 0 \ 0 14 IFoley | 5 7
wJS S yr !"-n""; Gr " n) H04I12 12 12 10 2 10 3 10 5 [Sherwood . 40 4O
££0 \5°*}* ***•& (Dr - Leaner)... 1C8|11 11 8 112 11 2 11 IJ. T. Shehnl 50 «>
53.2 liorlla. 4 (Ray A Co.) Ill') 0 6 h 7 %12 12 12 ,'Bullman ..I 15 15
Time— :24^ :50. 1:16, 1 :23j* At post ltf nlnutes. Off at 2:05. Brennus. place. 4-5; show.
pirn T.,' h P K° e c ° : , S i 10W - 3 Illllou °n. fhow. 3-5. Winner b. g by Bassetlaw-
SS 1 «£JliJ ir f J, *'-. surt ri f, ood - pulling up. Second and third driving
nlerp h.d .nVn m ,1 ti T'"^ IUHouon met with poor luck at the start. Bouton-'
Sround P Myrtle H in the poor gol ns. Bajsenzo quit. Cheap assortment all
Index) Horse and Owner. WtlSt. \j. 14. ft. str. Fin. I Jockey] I Op. cT
£1S B. Cook (Stanfleld & Co.).. 110 1 ... 2 1 ¦> 3 "» 1 h lChlndleT 4 I
5480 Young Pepper (O-Rourke) 107 » ... % h 3 2 th '-Vl T Shehni la 1*
1 1 ndex Horse *nd Owner. WtlSt. K. *. % . Str . Fln . j Jockey- , 6^~ ~
R4S1 Mountebank, a (Keating) 107 ~B~ T~h 1111 7~l — 7! »
MSI Evander. 4 <W. Fisher)' I!*! 3 .'.' 2«*&£, •» J- 5 Urn £ ' 1
5306 Oro Viva. 3 (Ward & King). 107 7 h 1 ft 1 « ? " i 3 w a ?- C , k R S
5481 Merwan. 3 (J. J. McAIester 99 8 '" 4 U, S ? £ l£ 4 1 Hf^'lTV- 10 " n
WS8 Lurene. 4 (W. U Prltehard . 107 9 '.'.' U S 7 I 7 h" o C " 11 £ c ?, rand • » "2
5481 Past Master. 3 (C. P. Fink). 10* 12 ]•• 10 in ?• V V" J^*" 3 ' •"¦ 8 - n
53W .Bedner. 5 (J. A. Cruza) . V 112 II "' 5 1 e h 2 1 rl £7 Sheehan 10 IB
548« Mr. Phlnlzy. a .(Robinson) .1 110 1 .' 7n "h Si 4 7- S'V 10 l *
£46S Maresa. 5 (R. E. Dolan).... 97 6 ... r, S •> h i 3 S > f 0 " 7 s ls -"
5474 Adirondack. 3 (Shannon .... 107 4 «£si imJ 1 'Larsen S 12
5462 jDora I. 4 (W. M. mgllsi::.: XU 2 i!! 1 h" Fell ° ¦ 1 I B 1 u " On ,5 2
54,9 [Oscar Tolle. 5 (Klunder Co.).. llO H) ...10h Fell |L Jackson" « "
Time— :24ji. :49%. 1:16%, 1:23)4; At post one-half minute Off >• s-m vr^ — 71. — T
place 1. show. 1-2: Evander. place 4. show 2- Oro show 4 \vinn. V' v M ° unt * b anl«.
Pert. Trained by Fred Hubbard. Start good. Won handllv S-S'J ? h l *J b ?, Mont f n - a .
• dinner had th* most speed. Evander did his best Oro viva ran t f^ , t , hlr< L? rlvlnB 
off on the far turn. Mr. Phlnlzy played for a good thin* 11, %,, \ ", att " cut
- _ _ one _ time lookcd _tf havea chajicj^d^ron^a^gthered when Kra'l fS "* "
5501. FOURTirRACE-Mlle&70yd ! i.:handl. 3 p :
Index Hcr ? e and Owner. Wt SL \j. ij. ft. Str . Fln\ I JocklyT j~o^ CL
5471 Fossil. 3 (Parker A Co.) 110 1 1 h 1 h 12 11 T~I~Fn^7i ~\~1
5471 Faulconbridge. 3 (Houseman). 104 3 4 1114 1 4 •' •» 1 I ? iP uIlman -I »-2 4
5453 Divlna. 4 (El Prlmero StabIe).<100| 7 0 2 « 2 a "i 4 h* ~ 1 \k. £ n 5 3
54S0 Modicum. 3 (D. S. Fountain).! 99|5 3 u b t; H 2 5 I 4 ic ImmPI" 18 ' ' * 9
54S9 Incubator. 3 (Van Meter) ..... 101 0 ft 1 143 h 3h 12 X rT 1 ," !lrt I f' b^ Tld 3 1S - %
.... Namtor. 4 (F. Reagan).. 108 8 sj'si ?5 71 «4 wJSSL'T' 2 7
MS4 Jockey Club, 3 (W. Fisher). ..100 4 2 si U««? Conn^ V * .2 £
5471 Horatius, 3 J. J. McAIester).. II 09 1 0 9 7 h 9 ft s V \rZ J! "' U M
B3W» Our Be»»le. 3 (.Vewman> jliig! 2 7 V, » "l Sh S ll^l ..'/. ,5 *%
Tlme^ — :35. :50^i. l:15Si, 1 :42Vj. l:46'j. At post l'i minuter ctrr at n -»*i± i^ — "Z f
7-5; show. 3-5. Faulconbridge. place. 6-5: show]^3-5 DUMna Zhow "*«3 4> xJ\ U S 5^'
by Fresno- Falrystone. Trained by A. B. Pomeroy Start eo^V""' „ .'"I* 1 "' br *'
Ing. Fossil was tired at the close. Bullman who rode^lm^, 1 m^ r , st lhree dr!v 
thl poor going last 100 yards, but a claim of tout was n ™t S 'S^ 5 ' lnto
gaoaTFIFTHRACE—^evenfurlocgsrpurse ea r-olda; 'value*to*flrat**S2-r <^^ " '"'" W " %<N<
Index Horse and Owner. WtlSt. %. »;. Str . Fln ¦ Jo^r ~ ~
5453 Martinmas (C. T. Henshall).. 107 4 5 1 n 1~1 i~l T~Z inT^ , ¦
(5484) Arcade (W. B. Jennings) 110 2 1^21 3h 41 " "', 1 m^;;." "' 8 " 5 2
(5443) Dolly Hayman (McLemore).. 107 1 2h 5 5 2h 3 * ' li^Jz ' * I
6490 Glennevls (W. Durker) 107 3 4 4 4 4 4 1 3 h 4 10 Fnw i 5
(5472) Xervator (Boot. & Co.) HO 5 3 g 3 i? 2 t j > \ 10 g,^-;;; „ j
Time— :24i4. :C0^i.\l:16. 1:29%. At post %i minute. Off at 3MV4 Martinna« tm=.^- - ,«
• show. 1-4. Arcade, place. 1; show. 1-2. Dolly Hayman sn?w f" Wnn.r /h' "'k 1
Martagon-Nekomls. Trained by E. Wright, start good. Won all out g^nrt \ *K. by
driving hard. Martinmas best handled of the lot. Equally well rldjei?%2l?v k b ' r<1
_^;^^^J^"^^.^.-ZT..T.
55 V QXSnCTHRAC&-One»ndglx^ 3!! year- old'g "uT;~va lu» to~ flTaTTsrs'
Index Horse and Owner. jWt St. H. K. %. Str. Fin. Jockey" o^[ cT
(54S3) Forest King, 4 (Jones Co.).. 107 1 2 h 1 h 2~1 2~2^ 1 14 r»ii Z ~
«54S») Lord Melbourne. 3 (Bender).. 106 3324 1 1 1 U 2 3 OllDhan'/'" f i£ 4
5477 Lacy Crawford. 3 (Schrelber). . 00 2 4 32 3h3ft33 Greenfield ' I i ,, i
5400 Allopath. 4 (Lamasney Bros.) 101 1 4 1 «4 2 h 4 4 IS* Folev " a ,~
5283 Searcher. 5 (Partlngton). | 9S| • 3$ ... lirsen'!!!! 20 60
Time— :26, :5OV4. 1:17, 1:44. l:50»i. At post 2 minutes. Off at 4:1SU Kin* T7X
show. out. Melbourne place. 1-3: show, out Lacy Crawford, show . «£& Winner J,r #
h. by Handsome-Superba. Trained by S. J. Jones. Scratched— Rosar!e%rar+ ?
•all but Searcher. Won easily. Second and third driving. There^ w»« not^ £?** d f ° r
for Lord Melbourne. Winner is a very fair horse. Lacy Crawford would " ha™ hL-S a 7 rt
geroua with stronger handling. Allopath has gone back apparently »Le"t "
"Not at all," he replied in unadulter
ated English. "I never felt more frisky
in my life. Perhaps that is because I
am so near my home— only six days
away, you know." And again he dis
played two rows of perfect teeth.
"You're not homesick?" was queried.
"No, no— not any more. But I was
homesick for awhile after I left my
own country. Everything is so dif
ferent here, you know." .
Then he bounded away in response to
the summons to dinner." It is said
Schuchouck doffs his smile when he
enters a football game and plays with
a stolid earnestness wonderful to see.
The most interesting member of the
group is Schuchouck, the Kodiak Indian,
who plays center rush, and is said to
be a terror in that position. He is the
only native Alaskan in the group — in
deed the only one who has ever dis
played prowess on the football field —
and his comrades seem to respect him
accordingly.
NATIVE ALASKAN A WONDER.
He is more stalwart than the average
aborigine of the land of the midnight
sun and every penny weight of his 167
pounds is either solid bone or ada
mant muscle. His large "moon" face
lighted up with a cheerful smile when
he was asked if the trip from Utah
had fatigued him.
The young Indians are rigorously
clceroned by their manager and phy
sician. Their perfect physical fitness
at all times is due to their temperate
and regular mode of living. The boy
who transgresses in this respect is at
once sent back to school — and fear of
the disgrace attendant upon such pun
ishment probably has something to do
with their cheerful adherence to the
prescribed regimen.
Only one of the players has been
here l before. Johnson v/as a member
of the Carlisle team tbat came west
in 1S99, since when he has earned the
reputation — indorsed by no less infalli
ble an authority than Walter Camp,
the "father of football"— of being the
greatest quarterback and field general
in all America. He is captain of the
present team and wears his honors so
modestly that nobody would pick him
out for what he is.
INDIANS IN CONDITION.
- Headed by their manager, Mr. War
ner, and their physician, Dr. Waite, the
fifteen young aborigines quietly fell
into line and walked to the Occidental
Hotel, the pedestrian being
considered beneficial to tneir blood cir
culation, as they had been cooped up
in a Pullman ever since they started
from Salt Lake City. They tramped
briskly and with military precision and
arrived at the hotel but a minute or
two behind the bus containing Mrs.
Warner and Mrs. Walte and the bag
gage of the. party. In the hosrclry they
meekly waited while the manager, reg
istered them and then they filed into
the dining-room for dinner. An hour
later they were In their respective
apartments and before 10 o'clock they
were abed.'
After breakfast this morning the lads
will be escorted afoot to Golden Gate
Park, where they will walk until they
are thoroughly limbered up. After
luncheon they, will hie them to Rich
mond field for signal and swift forma
tion practice. This training will be re
peated daily until they meet the Re
liance All-California eleven on Christ
mas afternoon.
There was 'nothing suggestive of the
traditional Indian invasion about the
arrival last evening of the sturdy
young redmen comprising the famous
Carlisle football team. A more docile
appearing or decorously behaved lot of
passengers never stepped off the ferry r
boat. ' Even their cadet uniforms failed
to dispel the impression of placidity
created by their demeanor.
This Afternoon Is to Be De
voted to Signal Practice
and Making Swift Formations
Bell piloted the first and last winners
of the day. Both of his rides were gilt
edged.
Forest King, winner of the, last
event, was boosted $500 over his selling
price of th*e same amount by Sidney
Bender, owner of Lord Melbourne. The
Oregon horse was retained by his
owner, S. J. Jones.
Johnny Hoar, is getting down, to
weight and will be seen in the saddle
shortly. Johnny will ride in Russia
next season in all probability.
The weights for the Christmas handi
cap at one and a quarter miles, with a
gross valuation of more than $4000,
were issued yesterday, and are as fol-
Inms- >
Avenger appears to be a member of
the hard luck division. The Schorr co?t
had Tommy Burns on his back in the
two-year-old number, decided over the
Futurity course, and ruled favorite In
the betting. Slow to get in his striae,
he came from back in the ruck, running
third to Andrew B. Cook and Young
Pepper, beaten a nose and a head. The
winner, Andrew B. Cook, had Chandler
up and was well played at 5 to 1.
There were but five starters in the
seven-furlong purse event, and Hen
shall's sprinter Martinmas seemed the
popular choice. He won, but was not
the best horse. Otis had the mount
and while the other riders were chang
ing their minds or collecting their scat
tered senses Otis picked out the driest
going and in a driving finish downed
Arcade a neck. Dolly Hayman ran a
close third under Lowe, and with a
more experienced rider up could have
won without much difficulty. Nerva
tor died away early under poor rating.
Although Lord Melbourne has been
considered invincible over . a heavy or
muddy track, Sidney Bender's horse
had to doff his hat to Forest King in
the last race. The distance was one
and a sixteenth miles, and the Lord
had such an extended following that
3 to 5 was the first market quotation.
Later the t>rice lengthened to 9 to 10
and evens. The favorite showed the
way into the stretch, but Foresf King
had only been joking, for in a mild
drive Bell landed the second choice first
by a short half length. Lacy Crawford
ran a good third.
NOTES OF THE TRACK.
AVENGER IN HARD LUCK.
Fossil, the "bush champion," ridden
by John Bullman, beat the New York
horre Faulconbridge for the $1000 han
dicap ot one mile and seventy yards.
Fossil carried 110 pounds, gave away
weight to every other starter In the
race, made all the running and through
the clever manipulation of, Bullman
when business picked up near the close,
stood a drive and won by half a
length.
Larsen, who rode the Eastern colt,
lodged a claim of .foul with* the judges
against Bullman. The latter rider cer
ta'inly did change his course the last
furlong, carrying Larsen and his mount
Into the deep going on the rail, but
whether enough to retard his progress
Is problematical. Tommy Burns fin
ished third with Divlna. Modicum, the
lightweight of the party, appeared to
poor advantage in the going.
On the strength of a previous grand
performance, Erennus, with Bell in the
saddle, was installed favorite for tho
introductory six and a half furlong
sprint. He rewarded his backers by
winning all by himself. Nullah, at 16
to 1, beat Illlloucn for the place. The
latter received strong support, but was
cut off soon after the start and had to
come from far back.
Both riders were . later removed to
St. Luke's Hospital. The race was
won by Mountebank, the favorite,
piloted by Burns, with Evander second,
less than a length before Oro Viva.
Favorites captured three of the sin
purses. The most surprising upset of
the afternoon was the defeat of Lord
Melbourne In the final number by the
Oregon horse, Forest King.
HANDICAP FOR FOSSIL.
Two jockeys, Linton and Lee Jack
son, had severe falls while riding in
the tHird event at Inglesjde yesterday,
receiving injuries that will keep them
both on the ground for some time. The
field was composed of twelve fair
platers, and the accident occurred
between the half and three-eighths of
a mile poles.
Dora I, ridden by Linton, fell when
right among the leaders. Jackson had
the mount on Oscar Tolle r and at the
time was further back in the bunch,
and his mount either was Jostled or
fell over Dora I. The two prostrate
riders were carried to the track hos
pital. Linton had a severe scalp wound
and his collarbone was also frac
tured. Jackson was shaken up and es
caped with a badly cut mouth and
contused face. \
WILL WALK THROUGH PARK
After All Their Season's
Traveling and Playing They
Show No Signs of Fatigue
REDSKINS SEEM
IN FINE FORM
UNCLE SAM'S SOLDIERS SHOW SKILL
AND VALOR IN PRESIDIO FIELD DAY
JOCKEYS LEE JACKSON' AND LINTON
RECEIVE HARD FALLS AT INGLESIDE
Both Riders Are Painfully but Not Seriously Injured.
Fossil Beats Faulconbridge and Other Useful Per
formers in the Handicap—Lord Melbourne Loses
SAN FRANCISCO CALL'S RACING FORM CHART.
FAMOUS CARLISLE INDIAN ELEVEN ARRIVES TO PLAY ALL-CALIFORNIA
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY. DECEMBER 23, 1903. .
10
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Telephone John 3T1.
=IN. S. HAND=
Secretary ani of fl- Expert Etadicippir,
ft 1 ."" BOOMS I. 8 and 3.
rf A n . d 113 STOCKTON ST.,
sociatlons of New _. ~« .
• York. s *° Rtaniot, Ctl.
Terms Mdurinn California season only), «
Mr day or UO ser wtckTrustees of Visalla AVin One Case and
Supervisors of Shasta County -' ~;
Lose Another.
SUPREME COURT PUTS
V —AN END TO DISPUTES
fair is that Captain Henderson did not
display any distress signals and was
endeavoring to beat his way into the
harbor unaided. Although in no im
mediate danger, the ship is In a peril
ous position, and if a stiff breeze comes
up will be compelled to accept the as
sistance" of. a tug. '
• The Olivebank was posted on the
overdue list*- last Saturday . and was
quoted at 35 per cent reinsurance.
Despondency, from real or fancied
troubles, caused Mrs. Caroline A. Hsfn
son of 116 Taylor street to end her life
yesterday by the inhalation of illum
inating gas. Beside the lifeless body
were found the remains of her insep
arable companions, three dogs. They
had also been killed by the monoxide.
A. Brown, who conducts a store at
118 Taylor street, noticed during the
day that the customary barking of the
dogs was not heard and determined to
investigate. - Securing a ladder Brown
placed it against a rear window, and
upon looking into the sleeping apart
ment of the dead woman saw her in
animate form lying on the bed. Patrol
men Hutchlngs and O'Brien were sum
moned and forced an entrance.
' The house was filled with gas from
two open burners in the chamber of
death. They were immediately turned
off and the Coroner's oflice notified. ' An
investigation by Deputy Meehan
brought to light several almost unin
telligible letters written in a mixture
of Swedish and English. From the tenor
of those that could be deciphered it ap
pears that the unfortunate woman was
despondent. The crevices of doors and
windows opening into the bedroom had
been stuffed with towels so aa to make
the room practically airtight.
. 'About one week ago two of the rooms
were partially destroyed by fire result
ing from | the overturning of > a coal oil
damp and it was with difficulty that
Mrs. Hanson was parried to a place of
safety by a policeman. To friends she
stated that -the ' insurance companies
had paid her $500, but a bankbook of
thjjr Hlbernia Bank, found in the room,
showed only a deposit of $10. Detectives
detailed on the case made an investiga
tion and are satisfied that she com
mitted suicide.
WOMAN GOES TO DEATH
AVITH HER THREE DOGS
cian Robert Gerry immediately start
ed for the West and on the way he
received the report that his brother
•was dying. Anxious to be at the lat
ter*s bedside he communicated with
Harriman and with the railroad mag
nate's assistance obtained a clear
right of way, which enabled him Ho
complete his journey. in less than 85
hours, the fastest time ever made be
tween the Atlantic seaboard and the
northern city. When the young man
reached Portland his brother was out
of danger and Robert proceeded down
the coast to this city.
Robert L. Gerry of Newport, son of
Commodore Elbridge T. Gerry of New
York, arrived at the Palace last even
ing from the North after a remark
able trip across the. continent. Last
week the news reached New York that
Peter Gerry, a brother of Robert and
a guest of E. H. Harriman on his
western trip, was dangerously ill in
Portland. Accompanied by a physi-
MAKES REMARKABLE TRIP
ACROSS THE CONTINENT
KOBE, Dec. 23. — The Nippon Yusen
Kaisha (a Japanese steamship com
pany) steamships Mutsu and Shinagwa
are ashore. ' It is feared that the latter
will be a total loss.
ANTWERP, Dec. 22.— Another large
steamer has gone ashore near where
the Red Star liner Finland grounded
on Saturday last. In consequence of
the fog which prevails the observers
ashore up to the present have been un
able to ascertain the vessel's name.
The Finland went ashore at Nieuwer
stuis, near Flushing, Holland.
KANSAS CITY, Mo., Dec. 22.— The
troubles of a band of gypsies, which
has been camped in the west bottoms,
is one of the most peculiar and compli
cated that has been brought to the at
tention of the police for several years.
The band came during the latter part
of November. Repeated requests have
been made by the police of San Fran
cisco, on complaint of the head' of an
other branch of a' tribe there, for the
arrest of Louis Mitchell, the chief of
this branch. Warrants were issued in
a California court for the arrest - of
Mitchell, and were received here* to
day. Mitchell was arrested and taken
before Justice Hicks, but released un
der a $500 bond.
The charge against Mitchell is that
he stole $4000 from John Joe, the head
of a clan of gypsies now in San Fran
cisco. Until last summer, according {o
Mitchell, the two tribes of gypsies lived
peaceably together in San Francisco.
Louis Mitchell, whose gypsy name is
Groffo Zerka, was the head of one tribe
and John Joe the head of another. All
of the members of the tribesS are
wealthy. It is said that Zerka has
$15,000 in gold in his possession. Joe
claims that last summer Zerka entered
his tent and stole $3000 in American
gold coins and $1000 in French and
Spanish coins.
The clan of which Zerka is chief then
came to Kansas City. John Joe's
branch remained in San Francisco.
Zerka had been here but a few days
when he learned that he had been fol
lowed by John Doe and his two broth
ers, Nicholine and George.- The* three
brothers did not go into the Zerka camp
for some time, but apparently prowled
about, watching Zerka and his people
from a- distance. Finally the three
brothers ventured into the camp in
Kansas City and made friends with
the members. After they had been there
several days they took $450 from Zerka
by stealth and were arrested the fol
lowing day. When taken before Judge
Hicks the three Joe brothers admitted
the theft and offered to refund the
money. This was dene, and Zerka re
fused to prosecute. Zerka then feared
he was in danger of bodily harm at
the hands of the Joe brothers and ask
ed protection from the police. The^Joe
brothers went- to Denver soon after
and there made attempts to get war
rants to have Zerka arrested. ' t From
there they went back to San Francisco
and succeeded in getting out warrants
for Zerka.
Special Dispatch to The Call
On December 2t and 25. and on December 31.
1003, and January 1, 19O*. the Southern Pacific
will »cll at reduced rates special round-trip
tickets between all local points in California
where regular one-way, first-class far« doea not
rxceed $10. Returning, tickets will be good till
December 2S and January 4. respectively. Full
Information at 613 Market street. •
Reduced Rates for the Holiday.
Louis Mitchell Is Arrested at
Kansas City on a Warrant
Charging: Him With Larceny
Two Steamships of the Nippon
Yusen Kaisha Are Ashore
on. the Coast of Japan
THEFT BREAKS
UP GYPSY BAND
OCEAN VESSELS
MEET DISASTER
The bark, which sailed from Shang
hai'on October 26 in ballast for Royal
Roads, B. C. ran into a succession of
terrific gales after being out one month
and for the last thirty days has been
drifting helplessly at the mercy of the
sea, with only a few jury sails to keep
her nose to the wind.
Word was received in this city from
the Weather Bureau lookout at the
Farallones yesterday morning/that a
four-masted bark was in distress off
the islands. Vlie Spreckels tug Defi
ance was immediately dispatched for
the scene and is still standing by to
render whatever assistance may, be
necessary. The lookout was unable
to decipher" the vessel's name and
there was much speculation among
shipping folks, as to » the identity, of
the craft. S\ ! .
Word was received last evening that
the weather-beaten vessel is the Brit
ish park Olivebank, bound from
Shanghai to Royal Roads. Captain
Henderson is the master of the ship
and is known as a skillful navigator.
Nothing but three unsightly stumps,
rising several feet above the deck, ire
left of three of the masts. The jigger
is still Intact. Three jibs, have been
rigged up forward and a small sail on
the stump of the forward mast. This
canvas, with that on the remaining
mast, is all that ha.3 saved her from
going to the bottom.
The hull is in good condition, with
the exception of a portion of the star
board side, amidsb'ps, where one of
the yards fell out and cut an ugly
hole. The crew of nineteen, In addi
tion to the five officers, are safe, and
no one was hurt during the terrible
battle with the elements. The men
say that a succession of heavy gales
were encountered, and owing to the
lightness and crankiness of the vessel
it became necessary to cut aw&y some
of the rigging.* 'Their lives were con
tinually in danger from falling yards,
and on several occasions it looked as
if the vessel would go to the bottom.
The Olivebank is a four-masted
steel bark and is owned, by Andrew
Wier of Glasgow. She was built in
1S92 by Mackie & Thomson at Port
Glasgow.' Her net tonnage is 2200
and her dimensions are: Length, 326
feet: beam, 43«1; and depth, 24.5 feet.
She cost $90,000.
The Olivebank is a sister ship to the
Gifford that was lost on the night of
September 26 last on Mussel. Rock, five
miles below/the Gliff House. The Gif
ford was laden with coal en route from
Australia to this port. Ill luck seems
to have pursued , the owners of these
vessels. 'Ten years ago the ship Gos
ford, N owned by the same company,
went ashore below Point Conception.
As darkness closed in on the vessel
last night the Defiance was still lying
alongside and a price will undoubtedly
be agreed upon to tow the disabled
craft into port. A pilot from the pilot
boat America is i aboard the ; Olivebank
and in, the event that Captain Hender
son refuses a tow it is thought the ves
sel may make port to-day with a good
breeze. . .
V The captain and officers refuse to
talk and the only information that can
be gleaned comes from ; the crew. .The
ship presents " a 1 battered " appearance,
but ¦ it appears that \ the upper .. works
have" not i been . badly, damaged. ', ! -
A peculiar feature of the entire "af-
With three masts gone and depend
entupon jury sails and the canvas on
her one remaining stick to keep her
from drifting to destruction, the Brit
ish bark Olivebank was twelve miles
northeast of the Farallon Islands late
last night, endeavoring to beat her way
into this harbor without the assistance
of the tug Defiance, which ran to her
assistance.
Fully .is striking as either of the two
views mentioned, as illustrative" of the
gayety of San Francisco, was a mov
ing oicture of Golden Gate Park on
Sunday at a point where the Sunday
GRAND ARSIY PASSES.
Another striking scene that has keen
local Interest and is calculated to at
tract the attention of the millions from
all carts of the world who will visit
St. Louis was the march of the Grand
Army of the Republic tip Market street
during the Grand Encampment week In
1JK>3, Quite a large array of the veter
ans was visible at one time and the
film continued until the presentation
, was made realistic.
One of the pictures projected on the
ecreen yesterday depicted the review
on Van Ness avenue of the San Fran
cisco school children. It was clean cut.
Twenty thousand c'ildren at least were
seen to wave their American fia^s. The
progress of President Roosevelt up and
down the opposing ranks of patriotic
youngsters, as they ttood in array on
the sidewalks, was a fine counterfeit
vision of the real happening as it was
actually viewed by a half million peo
ple. As the day of that parade was
favorable for the outpouring of the en
tire population to Van Ness avenue, so
it was also excellent for the biograph.
Yesterday the management of the
¦Orpheum gave the free use of the au
ditorium to enable the committee to
use the stage screen. To-day the com
mittee will meet and may decide upon
certain views to be provided. To se
cure the views of the Christmas mar
kets of the city prompt action will be
necessary.
- A general view of the Presidio and a
rZre-fs parade at that place will be de
sirable illustrations of ilfr In this city.
It is possible that a disappearing gun
in .-union, used as a harbor defense,
might be shown.
The general idea of the committee
is to show only characteristic views
that point out the peculiarities of cli
mate, location and industries that be
long to San Francisco as contrasted
with other large cities in the United
States. The exhibition by that plan
will be new to people who have not
seen this city and as engrossing as
foreign travel.
The committee also desires to have
noving pictures of the school children
of San Francisco to the number of at
least 40,000. To secure such a picture
it would take a long time in event the
children march. The passing of 40.000
persons in procession requires hours.
The committee will talk about this. It
may be possible to get the pictures of
the 40.000 school children by employing
the automobile to pass by them on a
•month pavement, like that of Van
Ness avenue. It might be as feasible
to do this as to employ the same means
to g»t a comprehensive panorama of
Golden Gate Park.
POLICE AND FIREMEN". .
Then the committee may desire to
have a moving picture of the San
Francisco Fire and Police departments.
The coming and going of a Chir.a
steamship, the passing of a Govern
ment transport, the movement of the
shipping alonjr the water front of San
Francisco as viewed from the deck of
a tug, the fruit boats from up the riv
ers, the movements of the ferry-boats,
the fruit markets of the city at Christ
mas time, showing strawberries and
other fruits in the open air displayed
f( r sale, with fresh vegetables, etc. —
these are among the scenes that may
be Fhown at St. Louis.
Mr. Mills raid last evening that the
committee had seen that it was possi
ble, after viewing the biograph pictures
yesterday, to secure what is needed
without sending to Europe. The views
oa th<* screen were taken by Americans
whose services can be secured in this
city. In Mr. Mills' view it would b*
well to have moving pictures of Golden
Gate Park, starting at. Baker street
and going out to the ocean, taking In
all features on the way. The character
of the vegetation being largely semi
tropical this would point out to intel
ligent observers from all parts of tho
world what the climate of San Fran
cisco is. Such a picture might be ob
tained by using an automobile to carry
the camera.
Lerge plans are entertained by the
executive committee charged with the
duty of seeing that San Francisco is
adequately pictured for exhibition in the
California State building at the St.
Louis Exposition next year. The com
mittee assembled yesterday in the Or
rheum on invitation of W. H. Mills to
pee on a screen what pictures the
Southern Pacific Company has as a
possible nucleus for a collection that
hhall exemplify San Francisco. The
excellence of some of the views brought
out. applause.^ The general effect was
to increase the enthusiasm in behalf of
piving San Francisco a chance to put
its best foot forward. at St. Louis.
Mrs. Anthony told her story without
any attempt to be dramatic or sen
sational. Her voice was seldom raised
above a whisper, as if she keenly felt
the disgrace. At times the statements
of the witness were so remarkable that
the soectators marveled that she could
have gone through all she had and
lived. Her condition is very bad and
during the present trial she has faint
ed a number of times. Judge Hebbard
was exceedingly kind ; sterday and
whenever the witness sfiowed signs of
fatigue he called a halt.
"When we were living^it *4 Wefcster
street," testified Mrs. Anthony, '"the
doctor kept his eye on mo. If I at
teniDted to go out he would stop me.
My clothes were hidden, my hat was
hidden and even "the door was locked.
If I tried to leave the house he w^uld
force me into a room and throw me
down on a cot. .He slept in his sister's
house and watched me all day."
Attorney Grant Carpenter then asked
Mrs. Anthony to tell the circumstances
that led to her attempt to commit sui
cide. ;
"It was all due to my. attempt to see
you, Mr. Carpenter," replied the wit
ness. "He would not let me call on
you and then he compelled* me to visit
the newspapers to have them stop pub-
From the evidence adduced yester
day, it was shown that even after the
doctor had obtained the decree of di
vorce he lived with his wife and cor
responded with her. He had promised
Jjer that at -the end of six months, if
she was a good woman and had chas
tened her soul, he would remarry her.
Instead of keeping his promise, the doc
tor and a woman who had nursed the
first wife journeyed to Yuma, Ariz.,
and were married.
The sufferings the wife alleges she
underwent affected her health. She ac
cuses the doctor of having obtained the
separation from her while she was in
a sanitarium and incapable of making
a defense. She charges that her hus
band had compelled her to write let
ters to various people admitting that
she had been guilty of misconduct as
a wife. She stated that the affidavit
introduced by her husband's counsel,
in which she asks the court to grant
her husband a divorce and making cer
tain admissions,* was 8 worn to under
duress, menace and trickery. She testi
fied yesterday that at her husband's
instigation she went to various news
paper offices to stop the publication of
articles that were detrimental to him
and upon reporting her failure to sup
press the publication of stories of the
divorce he upbraided her and told
their children that their mother was a
bad woman, and while suffering from
this further humiliation she took poi
son with suicidal intent and was saved
from death by her husband and an
other physician.
STORY" OF SUFFERING.
FAILED TO KEEP PROMISE.
Mrs. Christina Anthony occupied the
witness* stand in Judge Hebbard's
courtroom all day yesterday and con
tinued her story of the torture she al
leges she experienced at the hands of
her husband, Dr. Richard S.^Anthony.
The tale of her sufferings has been pub
lished at various times,, yet those who
listened to the story told by the wom
an .under oath, forced to believe her
•and believing, sympathize with her.
The story, she told on the witness
sta,nd yesterday and. last week. is the
strangest ever heard .in a
She is a native ofSouth Africa and
ccmes of one of the- leading Boer fami
lies of that distant country- While liv
ing there she met Anthony, who was
engaged in missionary work. It was
a love match and she began to use her
influence to raise him to a higher sphere
in life. "With her money she gave him
a better education and brought him to
Michigan In order that he might pre
pare for the study of medicine. Subse
quently the couple came to this city and
Anthony entered the Cooper Medical
College, from which he graduated. They
returned to South Africa and through
her influence the husband was given
charge of a big sanitarium owned by
her relatives. Subsequently the Boer
war broke out and Dr. Anthony was ar
rested by the British Government .on a
charge of treason, and through the no
ble efforts of the woman who now* sues
to have the decree of divorce he ob
tained annulled he was saved from
being executed. The wife preceded her
husband to . this- country and was fol
lowed by him. He, immediately upon
his arrival, accused her of infidelity and
tried to deprive her of her two chil
dren. • • »
My Dearest LUtfe Eslelle: "Papa has neg
lected writing to yen for this long time (ten
days) because of beins so' busy and troubled.
How I wish I could see your rweet face! My
heart Just breaks when I think of my darling.
Innocent little girffra.
I will see you some of these daya and ex
plain everything: to you. God knows and so
does your mother that I am Innocent of th»
vile, cruel charges that have been made against
me. But I will see Justice to a finish. Papa
has all the evidence necessary and If tho
offending parties persist in going on with this
thing I will expose thoroughly the whole thing,
but will be very sorry to bring you Innocent
little darlings into ihe court. I would rather
do anything.
You see how papa has been abused in th<»
papers, and absolute"; lies told en me. But.
rather than have your sweet names brought
Into the courts and disgrace heaped upon you.
I remain quiet and do not retaliate. But If It
4s carried any farther, papa will be obliged to
expose everything — letters and all. You both
know how I tried to save your mother's Ufa
when she took poison, how that you went for
a doctor. I have still the note that your
mother wrote me. . I have been worktng so
hard to get money for you and so far have
receipts of money sent for ten months, over
$750. I have not sent money this month, for I
am awaiting advice from my attorney. Your
loving and broken-hearted PAPA.
The witness testified that the doctor
was broken-hearted because she an
swered his letters and closed with
"yours truly," whereas he wanted her
• to use a more affectionate term. Shs
was subjected to a very close jcross
examination by Attorney Savage, who
introduced letters to prove that she had
signed an affidavit at her own free will.
She said she did so because she feared
the doctor would have her committed
to an asylum, as he always claimed
she was insane.
The case will go on this morning.
The records show that Judge Heb
bard granted the doctor a divorce on
the ground of desertion on Ju!y 16. 1903.
The' following letter was sent by him
to his daughter Estelle subsequently:
LOS ANGELES, Cal.. May 19. 1903.
LETTER TO DAUGHTER.
. ; WANTED HER TO CONFESS.
""He wanted me to* confess my guilt
and he said some awfully narsti things.
I was so worked up." being away from
relatives and friends and knowing I
was honest in my heart, thit I began
to cry and felt faint. I said "Bring
mfe a little whisky.* and he gave me
some whisky and then I lay down. The
doctor then went up to my daughter
Lillie's room and started to tell her
that I was a bad woman. I could not
standit. I -went up to Lillle'a room and
said: 'Lilllev I am innocent, and if he
were guiltless It would be different.*
He rushed me off into a little room.
There was a cot there. He threw me
on the cot and held me' down. Mr.
Slverson tried to hold my feet, but I
kicked htm. I called for nelp and my
little girls came and he sent them out
of the room. Later on I went to hia
medicine chest and took some poison
out of it; I think it was m^rchine. I
waited a little while and I told him I
had taken poison. I was broken-heart
ed. I was so far away from my friends
and the doctor was so cruel to me. and
I could not stand it/ I had a glass of
water- In my hand and he knocked it
on the floor and said. "This is another
of your lies.* He sent for Dr. Stowe
and they saved me."
lishing anything . about the . divorce.
WhenI told him what I had done he
became very angry and spolec meanly
to me.
Gertrude Bennls. Elizabeth -Carberry, Ilertha
Hansen. Sadie Kaunltz, Alma Lewis, Marga
ret Mulville, Evangeline Rlntoul. Alma RufTer,
Geo'rgina Sargent. Nellie Stevens. Lillian Toner,
Nellie Traut, Mary Toohig. Eva Walsh, Emma
Winter, William Lotzin. George MnKeand. Oli
ver Strahan. Honoraries — Alma Lewis, Sara
A. Kaunitz, Oliver Strahan, Mary Toohig. Nel
lie Traut.
The list of graduates follows
Class song. '"Fairy Song": recitation. The
Old Man Goes to Town." Nellie Stevens; reci
tation "Goinjc On an Errand." -Florence Boyd;
i*cltatic«. "Betty and the Bar." ThomasiGaff
ney; claps song. "Fla* of the Brave I; recita
tion. "Entertaining Big Sister « Beau Ida
Murphy; recitation, "Poppy Land— Limited Ex
vn-m." Martha McKeand; recitation ' A True
Story." Carrie Schulz; class song, "My Honey.
Mv Sweet": recitation. "Be True." Evangellne
Rlntoul: recitation.. "The Dressed Turkey."
Elinor McKtnley; recitation. "Kris Krlngle s
Surprise," Marguerite Boyd; class song "Noel ;
recitation, "Flag of Our Nation," Edna Webb;
recitation. "Foreign Views of the Statue Of
Liberty " Marguerite MulvUle: recitation, "The
Duty of Boys." Frithlof Anderson; song. "Gen
tly Fall the Shadows Gray"; recitation. "We
All Know Her." Mary Drady; original poem,
"That D*ar Flag of Mine," Ora Prentice; reci
tation "Mlltlades Peterkln Paul," Adele Stra
han; piano folo, Milan McVey; dialogue, Ed
ward Ward, Frank Keohane, John Kelly: eon*.
Sadie Kaunitx; recitation. "The Minuet."
Frances Doherty: recitation. "I'm Getting Too
Big to Be Kissed," Irene Tlmby; song, "The
Rosary." May Daly; recitation, "A Nation
Born In a Day." George McKeand: recitation,
"Birthday of the Stars and Striper." John Me-
Cabe; recitation, "The American Flag." Oliver
Ftrahan; «alute to the flag, class: class song.
"The Star-Fpangled Banner"; distribution of
diplomas and medals by Hon. W. H. Langdon,
Fupprlntendent . Common Schools;; Denman
rrwdal. Sara A. Kaunltz, Alma E. Lewis;
Bridge m»dal. Oliver Strahan. , , "
The closing exercises of the Irving
M. Scott Grammar School were held
yesterday. .The programme, in charge
of Principal Miss M. M. Murphy, was
as follows:
The actual cutting down of great
trees for' lumber was witnessed by the
audience. There were exclamations as
the towering trunks* fell to the ground
and sent up clouds of dust. Then there
were -seen traction. . engines drawing
trains of logs to the mill through the
clearings in the forest and down moun
tain grades and trains of cars drawn
by locomotives piled up with logs o*
sawed lumber. The successive steps in
lumbering were pictured, from the cut
ing of the trees to starting the pro
duct to market by rail. The lumbering
pictures that were exhibited will be
shown in connection with the forestry
exhibit of California at St. Louis.
Something more than an hour was
passed by the committee inspecting the
moving pictures and also in seeing
some stationary views on the screen.
GRAMMAR SCHOOti CLOSES.
parade of fine equipages was seen in
large proportions, with the Key monu
ment in the background. As a winter
scene this will appeal to the fancy of
the peoDle of the East.
The daily moving spectacle near the
corner of Third and Market streets was
thrown on the screen. Cable cars came
and went. The motley procession of
vehicles of every description that is a
familiar sight during all daylight hours
on secular days passed along: with the
men and women and children of the
city, getting through the breaks be
tween the carts and wagons and cross
ing Market street as best they could.
A traveler could not see Market street
any better by standing on the spot in-"
dicated. •
There were views of the flight of the
Sunset Limited for the committee to
see; of staging upon the mountain
grades in California: of fruit picking;
of the hop . fields at Pleasanton dur
ing the gathering: of the crop; of har
vesting on California ranches with
great machines drawn either by trac
tion engines or by multitudes of mules;
of hydraulic mining in Placer County,
etc. These had- no necessary relation
to San Francisco. AH the 'views were
run through that the committee might
determine what there was in sight that
could be used, the understanding be
ing that the Southern Pacific Company
would do what it could to aid the com
mittee.
Among the views of industrial ope
rations on the Pacific Coast there* ap
peared one that is the only example
of its eort in the world. It showed a
modern lumber mill at work»
A huge log, more than five feet in
diameter, went through the mill and
was cut into planks by a machine hav
ing saws so set that they cut both
ways— when the log was going and also
when it was coming toward the spec
tators. Heretofore the darkness in mills
has made it impossible to make satis
factory interior pictures for the bio
graph. Even in mills where there were
no sides and only the overhang
ing roofing to interfere with the
light the biograph has failed. Some
time aero Mr. Mills learned that a mill
in course of construction, owned by
J. R. Potter and located at Pokegama.
in Oregon, just across the California
State line, was sawing lumber in the
open; in fact, it was providing the
building lumber to cover itself. Mr.
Mills secured there the effective use of
the biograph. Several leading lumber
men of California were present with the
San Francisco committee in the Or
pheum yesterday. They admired this
unique view.
LARGE TREES FALLING.
Mrs. Christina Anthony Continues Her Tale of
. Suffering While Wedded to Dr. Richard S.An
thony, the Man She Raised to a Higher Plane
Committee to Gather San Francisco Exhibit for
St. Louis Meets To-Day and May Adopt Plans
for Elaborate and Novel Panoramic Effects
TELLS STORY OF INTENSE
MISERY DURING MARRIAGE
FORTY THOUSAND SCHOOL
CHILDREN IN ONE PICTURE
11
fSE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY. DECEMBER 23, 1903.
Sails From Shanghai for Royal Roads, B. C, and After
Losing Masts in Gales Wanders in Crippled State
Over Waters and Finally Reaches This Coast
BARK OLIVEBANK COMES IN SIGHT
OF GOLDEN GATE ALMOST HELPLESS
DISMASTED BRITISH BARK OLIVEBANK. WHICH WAS SIGHTED OFF THE FARALLOMES YESTERDAY
MORNING IN A DISABLED CONDITION, THE RESULT OF BATTLES WITH THE ELEMENTS DURING
A VOYAGE FROM SHANGHAI. WHICH PORT SHE LEFT ON OCTOBER 26. ;
Joe was robbed of $3000 while his
brand was encamped on the San Bruno
road in this city last August.. A great
deal of mystery surrounded the case,
but the thieves were never brought to
justice. At the time the robbery hap
pened Joe. accused two young men of
the neighborhood of having stolen the
money out of a tent. They were ar
rested, but as no evidence could be col
lected^, their dismissal soon followed.
Many of the gypsies insinuated, at the
time, that some person or percons con
nected with the band stole the money,
but no more arrests followed, as. the
gypsies left this city - soon after.
In a suit involving: the' validity of
the tax levy for high school purposes
made by the Board of Trustees of
Visalia, the Supreme Court declared
yesterday that separate levies for com
mon schools and for high schools
must be made in municipalities where
the population is greater than .1000.
This is In accordance with the pro
visions of the Polftical Code.
S. C. Brown, who brought the suit,
claimed the law was special legislation
and therefore unconstitutional. The
Supreme Court says that the law is
general in its operation and is special
only in making a classification of
schools.*
The court also decided yesterday
that a fende.is a building. P. M.
Swasey brought, suit against the
Supervisors of Shasta', County for
awarding a contract for the construc
tion "of a fence -around the .court
house because the board had not given
the job 'to the lowest bidder. : The
Supervisors maintained that the! law
applied only to buildings and the Su
preme Court agrees but says; that a
fence is a building. .- . ; '
.Holiday Fun and Folly
> — **^V -.Too much of a good thing!
/(£ That's what we are all lia-
') \fts k* e to ta^ e during a holi-
/^-sSfc»iC^* >v J^x day season. Healthy, jolly
\ \^ people will do it and make
JWv^zC'j themselves sick. "In time
.j^\*S$s./J °f peace prepare for war,"
Ng^><r and have about the house a
J . M§p^f** : ' ; *viii5 — "^ pleasant, perfect, palatable,
J^VYr^^-"— 1^^^^ positive medicine for sour
stomach, sick headache,
V r colic, winds, belching, bili-
ousness, furred tongue, Jazy* liver, constipation, bad
breath, bad taste, all liable to result from holiday over-
indulgence. Cascarets Candy N Cathartic is what you
want; a* tablet after a big meal will prevent sickness, or
a tablet at night before going to bed, after a good time,
will fix you all right for morning, and let you get up
clear as a bell, ready for business or pleasure. • v
//TrVArtTi n4rv Bnt tar **• Bowels. All drureist*, ioc, x «5C y*. Ne»er nU la baft.
fV\'JVi j VA)l£A'tJ The eenuine tablet stamped C C C. Guaranteed to cure or your
VjT _ ~~_£ a ' money Back. Sample and booklet free. Address
•suww-ff'— "M — Sterling Remedy Company, Cfcicajo or Nsw Yart. pi
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ADVEETISEMEMrTS.
Always the Sam* Good Old BlatiFROM SEATTLE,
Frank Tom \ is • a cook ;. who in day
time serves the hungry ' f ree-lunchors
at * a well-known Market-street saloon'.
Saturday night he started for his dom
icile and ' a^ rude policeman" felt of
NOTE. — The hi*h and low waters occur ai.
the <-ltv front <Miesicn-etreet wharf) about 23
minutes later than at Fort Point; the height
of tide Is th» same at both places.
- WEDNESDAY. DECEMBER 23. • .
Sun rises v 7-22
Sun sets ' .'*.4'55
Moon riats •.....• ....9:29 p. n>.
C iTimei ITlme Time . Time .¦ t
2. j 1 Ft. I Ft. Ft. Ft.
!» |HW|. |l W| h.W , LW'
23 I 3:20| B.OI 8:18| --3.2I 2:00 4.5 8:25 0.4
24" I 3:5i; 6.01 9:21| 3.0| 2.49 * 4.1 9:05 0.H
25 I 4:2S| 6.0110:251 2.7 3:49 3.8 1.2
26 5:03| 5.2 11:25 2.3 5.OJ . 3.6 10:40 l.b
27 .8:411 >5.2 12:141 1.9 «:23 .H.« 11 :32 -2.0
28(6:22[ 8.31 l:OSj - 1.3 7:42) 3.7|..;.. .....
NOTE.— In the above exposition of the tides
the early tnornln* tides are given in the left
hand column and the : successive tides ¦ of the
day in the order cf occurrence as to time; the
fourth time column gives the last tide of the
day. except when there are but three tides, as
eometlme8 occurs. The heights . riven are In
addition to the soundings of the United States
The -Time Ball' on: the tower of the Ferry
building was dropped exactly at noon to-day —
1. e.', at noon of the 120th meridian, or at 8 p.
m.. Greenwich .time. ¦ • J: C." BURNETT,
' Lieutenant U. " S.-N., In. charge. .:
Time Ball.
Branch , Hydroirraphlc Office, ' XT. - 8. N.. Mer
chants' .Exchange, San Francisco, Cal.,'
- - December 22. : '¦¦:¦> ¦ , ¦¦ .-¦,-:
Miss.D. D. Dennis.of 2007. Golden
Gate avenue reported to the Coroner
yesterday that .Charles W. Turner of
that address had been missing .' since
last Saturday. He is 33 years oldand
came from Washington two week3 ago.
Coast Survey charts, except when a minus ( — )
ffgn precedes the height, and then the number
riven la - subtracted from .. tha depth - riven by
the charts. . The plane of reference Is the mean
of the lower low waters. "
2*; Charles. \V. Turner Missing.
Sun. Moon and Tide.
United .SUtea Coast and Geodetic Survey—
Tlm« and Height of High and Low Waters
at Fort Point, entrance to San FrancUco
Bay. Published by official authority-of tbe
Superintendent.
James Thaw had Patrick A. -Donovan
arrested for assault wjth intent to do
great bodily harm. Whatever mix-up
there was occurred at ,974."- Folsom
street and the secretof'itwill be bur
ied in.the great heart of the southern
district. Thaw repented of his attempt
to get revenge at trie hands of Justice
arid testified in Judge Conlan's court
yesterday that the stove arose and hit
him on top of the head.. He was bound
in bandages and Physically' a wreck
from his .experience. There was a wo
man in the case named Annie Darbille.
She developed an unaccountable loss of
memory . regarding the ¦ incident and
rather inferred that ' Thaw had done a
"fly act" along 'the ceiling and fallen
on the stove.' 'Judge , Cohlan 'was so
much -interested" in the case that he
continued it for, one week- to hear fur
ther particulars.
Steamer. For I Sails.
Dirigo Skarway &. Way Ports. IDec. 26
Cottage City.. Skngway & Way Ports.Uan. 1
Valencia . . Cooks Inlet & Way Pta. Jan. 1
Farallon I Skagway & Way Ports.jJan.' 3
On motion of United States District
Attorney Woodworth yesterday in the
United States District Court the case
of ' the United States against L. C.
Berry was dismissed. Berry having set
tledthe matter with the Government.
He was sued to recover $255, the value
of fifty cords of tanbark cut by him on
Government land six years ago.
Berry Pays for His Bark.
Counterfeiters Charles W. ' Callen,
John Attridge, alias Jack O'Brien;
Thomas Sutcliffe and George Tighe,
arrested by United States Secret Ser
vice Agents Hazen. Foster and Mc-
Manus, appeared for arraignment yes
terday in United States Court Commis
sioner Heacock's court. Callen'sbonds
were fixed at. $5000 and those of the
others at $3000 each. January 4 was
fixed as the date for the trial. The
bonds were not given. -
>
- y Counterfeiters' Bonds Fixed.
• Mrs. C. Beldocchi keeps a, vegetable
store on Dupont street, between Val
lejo and Green. , For, seven months she
has had in her employ Lorenzo Mar
chi, a nephew,t,o whom she has de
nied any compensation. Lorenzo sued
in the civil courts for his salary and
as a further resort he stood up in front
of the vegetable stpre And made faces
at the proprietress. • MAb. Beldocchi had
him arrested for disturbing the peace.
In Judge Conlan's court yesterday she
showed the kind of faces he made. If
her reprpfhiction were correct Marchi
certainly deserves a term in the peni
tentiary. .Judge Conlan thought that it
was a matter for the civil courts and
that making faces, even as ugly as Mrs.
Beldocchi pictured, was not criminal,
so he dismissed the defendant.
TATOOSH— Passed Dec 22— Stmr Mackinaw,
h«nc* D«c 18. for Taccma; Br ship Bldston
Kill hence Dec 14. for Port Townsend/
DOMESTIC PORTS
6chr. Ura, Harkins, Champerico, via Cllp
pertrm Island.
Schr N«-wark. Reinertsen. Stewarte Point.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS. Dec 21 1(1 p m— Weather
fcazy; wind.NE. velocity 12 milee per hour.
Tuesday, December, 22. J
Etmr T.'rcatllla. Nopander, Victoria and Pu
ge* Sound j»ort».
Stmr "Czarina. Johnson. Coo« Bty.
Star HacK'r. cirninr, Halfmpon Bay.
Stmr Phoeniv. Odland. Mendocino.
Ktmr South Co»«t. Olsen. Casi^ar.
ttmr Gipsy." Lf-land. Santa Crur.
Stmr Krr.pire, Macgenn. Coos Bay.
Kmr Arc*ta, Nelson. Coo* Bay.
Stmr M»u4alay. Payne, Cresctnt City
Stmr Kontara. Rellly. Seattle.
Stmr Al<~atraz. Carlson, Greenwood,
't^tmr Pasadena. Rasmussen. Eureka.
Rr Kimr Horic, Smith. Honolulu, Yokohama
and Honrkong.
Bark E«1w»rd May. Hansen. Makawelif
Bktn Mary Winkelman, Hcllquist, Grays
Harbor.
Hkta Georgina. Brandt. Ballard.
Schr Fanny Dutard, Anderson, Grays Har
bcr. '- •%.
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED.
Tuesday. December 22.
Stmr Pomona. Pwansen. 20 hours from Eu-
Altec. Robinson. 11* hours from Ta
°Ttmr Rainier, Hansen, 4 days from What-
C "stmr Maggie-. Corninc. 4 hours from Half
"s^m- "urelia. Erick.«nn. 103 hours from
Portland, via Astoria 92 hours.
U S stmr New York, HunkV, 3 days from
' Schr Challenger, Anderson. 14 days from
Srhr Fannie Adele. Fllscher. 12 days from
P'-hr Sequoia, Jchnscn, 12 days from Port
Hxdlock. 1 M „
Sr-hr E B Jackson, Maas. 10 days from Co
lumbia River.
S"hr Persi* K. Reed, 10 hours from San
Vicente Landing.
CLEARED.
Tuesday. December 22.
Stmr I'mat'.lla. Nopander. Victoria and Port
Townsen*: Paciflc Coast Stcamshlj) Co.
Stmr Bonlta. Glrlow. San Pedro; Pacific
Cosi«t St*«mEhip Co.
Nor stmr Hero. Syvertsen, Ladyemith; R
Uunsmuir's Sons Co.
Br «imr Doric, Smith. Hongk-^g and Yo*
k^hafrTi. via Honolulu: O & O ES Co.
Ship Wm P Fn% Bewail, Honolulu; Welch
& Co.
Br ship Loch Carron. Clarke. Queenstown:
E C Evens.
Br bark Inverness. Lewis, Sydney; 3 J
Moore & Co.
T. T. Burnett, T. J. Dempsey and
Horn Toon, indicted for complicity in
the Chinese substitution cases, pleaded
not guilty yesterday' in the United
States District Court. The date of
their, trial will be set later. Wong
Ding and the six old Chinese men, who
allowed themselves to be substituted,
pleaded not guilty and their trial was
set for February 2. W. F. Dasha was
too sick to appear.
Substitute Cases Set.
Steamer. Destination. 1 Sails. I Pier. '
December 23. \ j
Bonita Newport ¦&. Way...! 3 nm Pier 11
Newburg... Grays Harbor | 4 pmlPier 10
North Fork. Humboldt 2 pmlPier 20
Iaqua Gravs Harbor 9 am'Pier 2
I December 24. j |
G.Lindauer. I Grays Harbor J (Pier —
Pomona.... Humboldt (1:30 p! Pier 9
J. Dollar... Seattle & Tacoma. t 5 pmlPier 20
G. W. Elder Astoria & Portlandlll amlPIer 24
Chine Wo.. H'nk'jr via Tacomal 1 pmlPier 20
State Cal... San Diego &Way..j 9 amlPIer 11
Pomo Pt. Arena & Albloni 6 pmlPier 2
Centralia... Grays Harbor I 4 pmlPier 10
December 25. I | ,
Euieka Humboldt I 9 am;Pier 13
December 26. | |
Rival...... Willapa Harvor.. .! 4 pm'Pier 20
Arctic Humboldt !10 amlPIer 'X
Pt. Arena... pt Arena & Mdcnol 4 pmlPier 2
Barracouta. x. y. via Panama. 12 ml Pier 40
P-alnier Seattle & Whatcom 4 pmlPier 10
W. Kruger.. Los Angeles Ports. 4 pmiPier' 2
B.Monica.. lx>s Angeles Ports. 4 pmlPler 2
S Barbara.. Los Angeles Ports.' 4 pmlPier 2
December 27. | |
Sta. Rosa...; San Dippo & Way.' J» am'Pier 11
T. Leggett-.l Astoria & Portland 10 amIPier 1
Coos Bay... 1 R an Pedro & Way. 9 amlPIer 11
9 uf> , en I Puget Sound Ports.lll amlPIer 9
Spokane Humboldt*. l:30p|Pier 9
December 29. |
A f,^ at » Coon B.-P. Orford. 4 pm Pier 13
A 15 Eureka & Coos Bay 4 pm Pier 16
Columbia... Astoria & Portland 11 am Pier 24
December 30. | |
N. Maru.... China & Japan I 1 pm|Pler 40
Chlco Coquille River | 6 pmlPier 2
December 31. I I
Sequoia Grays Harbor ....112 ml Pier 20
Sierra Sydney & Way 2 ptnlPler 7
Centennial.. Seattle & Tacoma.. (10 amlPIer 2
January 2. I |
Acapulco... N. Y. via Panama. 112 m(Pler 40
City Puebla Pugtt Sound Ports. Ill am'Pier 9
TO SAIL.
Rudolph Baldes is a deep sea sailor,
who has plowed the waves • for many
years. Recently he shipped from Ham
burg and in Callao tore a South Ameri 7
can inhabitant from stem to stern with
a pair of barbed brass knuckles. One
of the barbs was broken in the encoun
ter. When he landed in San "Francisco
he still had the ''knuckles." He. came
ashore from his. ship, intent on repeat
ing his South American experience. A
policeman on Pine street expeditiously
put him -out of business. The brass
knuckles were found on him when he
was arrested and were booked as evi
dence. When Judge . Cabaniss passed
on the matter he readily found Baldes
guilty of carrying concealed weapons
and sentenced him to twenty days in
the County Jail. When the stout ship
comes from Seattle perhaps Baldes will
be ready to go before the mast,' minus
his formidable armor.
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
TUESDAY, Dec. 22—* p m.
Bid.Ask. [ Bid.Ask.
Alpha tKi itfi. Justice 07 Off
Alta 01 02 Kentuck 03 04
Andes 16 J8 K Graesoler. — 1 75
Belcher 20 21 Lady Wash .. — 02
Best & Belch. 1 fiO 2 110 Mexican ... 1 HO 1 0,1
Bullion 05 07 Occidental ... 34 3rt
Caledonia.... fiH 67 Ophir ..2 no 2 05
Challenge ... 18 .201 Overman .... 20 21
Chollar 17 18 Potosi ....... 17 18
Confidence ... 65. 7ft Sava-- 38 39
Con Cal .t V. PS 1 00 Scorpion 01 02
Con Imp .... 02 03 Seg .Belcher. . Ofl 07 '
Con N Y.:.. 10 12* Sierra- Nev... 45 47;
Crown Point.. 15 16, Silver Hill... 62 6.7 I
Kureka Con.. — R0 St Louis .... 10 12 '¦¦
Exchequer ... 16 17: Syndicate ... 04 C6
Gould & Cur. 28 30| Union Con... 45 47
Hale &. Norc. 41 43Utah 08 09
Julia 03 04'YeI Jacket.... 20 2_l
. TONOPAH MINES.
* f.. Bid.Ask.i ; Bid.Ask.
Colehan — 15 Ton Belmont. 71 76-
Esperanza ... — "I Ton & -Cal.. — 21 I
Gipsy Queen. — "0 Ton of Nev. 6 2S 7 -00
MacNamara . CS 15 Ton N Star.. 36 28
Mont Ton. .1 20 1 22% T«jn Midwav. 48 Rl
Paymaster Ofl 13 Ton & S Lake .">O
Rescue 07 (9 United Ton ..08 12 ,
Albert Cilsher drove nls milk wagon
furiously along Market street Satur
day night. Policeman Tim Rlordan
held up a warning club and Albert' re
viled him in terms that cannot be pub
lished. The policeman Jumped in a
buggy and followed the .wild driver,
placing him under arrest. Judge Con-
Ian held him without bail yesterday,
because he thought that such infringe
ment of- the driving ordinance was
worthy of a more rebuke than
a fine. \Fred Rausch. driver of a butch
er wagon, offended in the' same way
and was also ordered into custody by
the Judsre.
A Large Cargo for the Orient.
The steamer Doric sailed yesterday for Hong
kong via Honolulu and Yokohama with a gen
eral merchandise C&rso .valued at ?2V7,31'.». rx
clunv; of treasure, and distributed as follows:
For Japan. $1U3.7*1; <~hina. L36.482: Manila,
J12.OI7: E«fi Indic-F. $C:J3»: Korea. $772; Siam.
*«>3: Vladivostok. >i:;n; Suez, fll5. The lead
jnr *-xportt. were nt follows :
To Japan— 765 t>bl6 flour, . r >625 lbs sugar, 1557
bales cotton *«0 flasks Quicksilver. 202 ctlB
•wheat. H72 lbs butter. 1920 lbs 06 pkgs mlll
muS?,' Ill" R-i!s v.ine. IZld gals 0 ce whisky.
201' rtls barley. 1ft t'kgs fresh fruits. 833 cs
tanned sroodF. 1S32 lbs ham «nd bacon. 47 cs
table prepa rations. IS r^trs groceries and pro
visions. Ml lbs hor-s. '."57 lbs nuts. Ml lb*
c v-.e*se. 2J«.Mt lbs dried fruit, tiOO lbs raisins, 4^2
pksrsj bicycles anil sundries, 142 rolls IK pkgs
leather. ."> cyls ammonia. 9 t'ks? drugs, 50 pkgs
machinery. !>» baies hay. 45 ctls oats. 80 bdls
thonkE, 4tj likgs electrical supplies, 4 cs dry
To China — U.S79 bbis flour. 740S lb* ham and
bacon. S3S cs aborted canned food);. 925 ''s
condensed milk. 12.<>C>0 lbs bean?. 6010 lbs ood
fi*h. 4'J pkss rfriocc-rfes and provisions. 234 pkgs
table rrfpa rat ions. :i5 ;<kcs paste, 155 pkgs
:r^?h fruits. C71& lbs sugar. 3 cs bread. 210 lbs
hops. 9302 lbs 11 i.kcs meals. 20.855 lbs 5
rkgs dried fruits. W12 lbs chocolate.. 2015 lbs
raistrs lfSO lb« lard. C2-'5» lbs ."> cs cheese, 55
or-* potatoes. 25 c* 2 bblg liquors. 75» gals
wine, lfl.000 lbs j«earl barley. 125 ctwk*_be~r.
10 crts <-niort«, 2""»8 ibF smoked meat. j< 4 lbs
butter 113.13" 16" t-hrimps. r,47.'{ lbs gins?ng.
10 bales hose. 9 pkg* rtry pools. 27 pkgs drugs.
22 r>ks? electrical supn'iP^- * roll* leather. 6
pksrs marhinery. 10 p'«cs <-ip:ars.-100 cs cigar
ettt* « jikgs irnn. 44^.170 ;bs pig: lead.
Tn Manila— 2O0O crr« potatoes, 3:f2 ct canned
pcods," "..'if* keg« sauerkraut. 41 cs boots and
fboes. 21 V-<21s iron. C cs hats, 4 cs dry goods,
120 keps ¦white zinc.
To Eart Indie* — 53(5 cs assorted canned
poods **i»I es ranneii salmon. 10 cs groceries.
1 eil iricd fruit, 1305 lbs hops, 156 sals 10 cs
To Korea — T.6 cs canned roods. 1 cs hops. «4
bWs floi-r 333 lbs 1 e* meals. 12 pks* Kro
rer«.r« and provisions. 2 bxs fresh fruit, 7 pkgs
dry goods.
To SiaTn— « pkgs drup« ar.n nundrtes.
In Suez — 37 cs canned fruit.
Steamer. :From. I Due.
G. Dollar Grays Harbor IDec. 23
Del Xorte Crescent City jDec. ~'i
Tellus Oyster Harbor Dec. i!3
Eureka Humboldt Dec. 23
Acapulco j New Tork via Panama. Dee. 23
Queen ' Puget Sound Ports Dec. 23
Arctic j Humboldt Dec. 24
Coos Bay i Pan Pedro A Way Ports Dec. 24
Point Arena..! Mendocino & Pt. Arena. Dec. 24
Santa Rosa...! San Diego & Way Ports. Dec. 24
Edith j Tacoma !Dec. 26
Spokane j Humboldt IDec. 25
S. Monica j Grays Harbor |Dec. 25
Oreitonian I New York Dec. 26
S. Barbara... Seattle & Olympla Dec. 26
Columbia Portland &. Astoria Dec. 26
W. H. Kruger Seattle & Tacoma [Dec. 26
Chico ICoquille River | Dec. 26
Centennial [Seattle &. Tacoma (Dee. 27
Alliance Portland & Way PortslDec. 27
Arcata i Coos Bay & Pt. Orford.lDec. 27
Chehalls .Grays Harbor |Dec. 27
Titania j Nanalmo IDec. 28
Pomona Humboldt I Dec. 2S
City Puebla... Puget Sound Ports IDec 28
Siberia China & Japan IDec. 2S
Bonita Newport & Way Ports. IDec 2S
State of Cal. . , Pan Dieno & Way PortslDec. 28
Curscao. ..... I Mexican Ports !Dec. 2S>
Pomo •••¦( '**• Arena & Albion IDec. 2!*
Maripca Tahiti IDec. 25)
North Fork... I Humboldt IDec. 2i*
Peru X«w Tork via Panama. iDec. 30
Rival ' Willapa Harbor IDec. 31
G. W. Elder. . I Portland & Astoria IDec 31
Umatilla Puget Sound Ports jJan. 2
TO ARRIVE,
Movements of Steamers.
On hatchway No. 2 of the transport
Sherman, which arrived here from Ma
nila a few days ago, there happened, a
spirited prize fight between James
Green, a soldier, and Dave Ta-fe, one of
the messboys of the ship. After six
rounds of sensational going the mess
boy put tha warrior to %the mat for
the count. While the little mill was in
progress Frank Peterson, a bellboy,
was slashed in the side by one. of the
soldiers and the stabbing created a
sensation.
This is the first time oh record that
one of' Uncle Sam's transports has been
used for the purpose of the display of
the? manly art. The fight was arranged
on the quiet without the consent of the
officers and an admission fee of $lwas
charged. The winner of the bout ivas
awarded a purse of $75.
The fight was a hot one while it,last
ed and many bets were laid by the in
terested spectators. When the mill waa
at its most interesting period Bellboy
Frank Peterson tried to break in. A
sentry was on guard and had orders to
admit no one who did not pay. The
sentry slashed Peterson in the side
with his bayonet when he tried to
force his ¦ way in.
The boy received a painful wound
and was confined in the ship's hospital
for the balance of the trip. Orders
have been issued to the effect that no
more scraps shall take place on board
a transport.
Soldier and Mess Boy Spar Six Rounds
and Sentry Stabs One of the
. Crew During Excitement. .
SPIRITED PRIZE, FIGHT v
OX BOARD A TRAXSPORT
Michael Shea belongs to a hard fam
ily, but personally he has avoided get
ting into trouble until yesterday, when
he appeared,before Judge Cabaniss on
a charge of threats to kill. His wife
was the complaining witness. She said
that the defendant. had informed the
neighborhood and herself that he was
going to extinguish his line of the Shea
family, including a 10-year-old girl.
Shea denied this strenuously, and said
that all he wished was to be rid of
the woman. The Judge allowed him
to go under promise that he would not
bother his wife in any way.
7."> Mils flour. 713 ctls barley. 41.26S lbs bran.
4fil» Its mlddlintF. 13 ctls corn, 2020 lbs cil
rakc nieal. 1009 lbs salt. 1285 lbs bread. 73
«-rts po's'o**. 6(K) lbs lard. KRO lbe beans. 10 o*
hoj^s. IKS lbs ham, .">0 cs palmon. s cs canned
pO'«Ss 1611 Iba Fupar. 1 cs n:eals. 1<X» gals
dif-ti'.Ute, 11 l\s foa'.i. 2<» cs coal oil, 6 cs
pa.ir.ls ani 1 bale lags.
Re\eral manifest* were filed at the Custom
house yesterday r^i'rfFemlr.g additions to.ths
cargo of the bark Edward May. which wat
clf-are3 on i-aturday for Honolulu. The mani
fests w*re valued at $321t> and included the
following:
Additional Manifests.
The Britifh f=hip Ivxh Carron was cleared
fecterdsy fcr Cu«*enstowru for orders, with
i~S.4P7 oils cf l>arley valued at J7KS73. ar.u
ao.000 ft of lumbf-r as dunnage, valued at $320.
shipping Merchants.
Matters of Interest to and
MEWS OF THE OCEAX.
UNITED STATES BONDS.
Bid.Ask. .?!?;£?&
4s qr coup.. UO — 4s qr cp newl^VjlS* V*
4s qr reK...109miOU 3s qr coup. .10.?* 10814
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Ala A W 5s. - - Do 5s
Bay CPC fts.101 102»4 Do con Bs. — 1W«
Cal C G 5s. — 106 O W gtd 5s. — 87
Cal C & E g Oceanic S 5s. — «o
m & ci 5s. - IM% Om Cable 6.12© -
Geary-st 5a.. 45^ 00 ipowell-st 6»-113U —
hS & JI^ lolJlP^vKv^
Hon R T 6s.1O4 106 IS R of C Cs.ll2'.i —
M E R e v C fciufeS S K, A . 6 'io-*:io8
i& $ 5 6 8 S : ~ m»; s M>£ ?.«» i«u
IAPlcmOs.lOO 102 (IWKrtSr B. — 1M%
MM-st C toAlki - (1906) . . . .104H105
Do lem Bs.ll2v; — <1012) ....114** —
NRR of C6s.— 1C8 SPC 1 eg 5s. — .11^
Do fls 1141.4 — Do stmpd.107 -JOi*.
N P C R 5«. — 108% S P B R 6s. — 132V4
NCR 5s.. — 110 S V W 6s. .106 —
N C F C fig. — 101 Do 4s 2dm. 09 100
N S R R fis.100 — Do 4s 3dm. — WH4
O G L H 5a.lO7*i — Ptkn G&E 6s — 10O
O T Co 68..118W — U G & E 5s. — 105
WATER STOCKS.
Contra Costa 30 41 (Port Costa . — -
Marin Co ..61 - IS Vfl.Co. *.S% 39H
GAS AND ELECTRIC. »
Cent L & P. •".*; 4W Sac E G&R. — —
Mutual E L. 0 10 S F G & E. 66Vy 66^
O G I. A H. — — S F Gas L. . -^* 3»»
Pac G Im.. 54 54?; Stkn G & E. 5 -
Pac L. Co... 53>i — U G & E.. — «»
TRUSTEES' CERTIFICATES.
S F G & E. 66' 67 J
INSURANCE.
Flrem's Fnd320 — I . _
BANK STOCKS.
& nk sa°f f e c Dp:^ isaggssagvg
First Nationl — — I
SAVINGS BANKS.
H e u r m s sVr^ = !£.»«§!«
Mutual Sav.100 110 Union _T Co. — —
S F Sav U.600 . —
STREET RAILROADS.
California .. — 20.1 (Presidio .... 39«i 45
Geary — SO I
POWDER.
Giant 62H 64 I Vlftortt — »;j
SUGAR.
Hana P Co. — "5c Kilauea S.C. — 6
Hawaiian C. «U 4.V Makawell C. 23 -
Honokaa S C 12Vi 1*% On° m . ea S a^; H ?1
Hutch SPC 9U GVi Paauhau S C 14 13
MISCELLANEOUS,
ctl Wine A." 00 91M. Pac C Borx.16. -
Morning Session. ¦ ¦ .
25 AUstaVackers' Association . . . . . 140 00
40 S F Gu & Electric Co 66 50
Afternoon seaslon.
California Stock and Oil Exchange
. Bid.' Asked.
Oil f lu> . , l0
Alma *"* "'42
is^aied'Vru-stcen::::::: -.-» «|
Aztec •••: ' ¦ 11
California Standard ••••
Caribou . J H ,
Central Point Con ™ '--^
Chicago Crude •" _
Claremont 1 50
Esperanza 6T : _
Four .......•.•• 4 50
Fulton •' '.'
da" 1 •• !'.'.'.139*00 U2 00
Hanford ••; 9711 ion
Home ¦;; 18 00
Imperial ......•• ¦
Independence j 1T
Junction "¦" *4*j(> 4 75
Kern 1 ' «•••"••*""*¦••**""*"".** in aa
Kern River 10 °° •• > 0 A -
Lion ;......••• , 0
Monarch (of Arizona) • •
Monte Cristo. •; w '"is
Occidental of W\a . ;¦*»
Oil City Petroleum •••:* J 4
Peerless
Ptttsburg
Reed Crude •• *a'7%
S F & McKUtrtck.. ••- .* •* "
San Jcaquin & O D •* g
Senator .....-••. ¦ " ~ "Iq
Sovereign ....•• •••^ >
2 teriinR ••• ;":::::'.'. o» "in
Kuperlor 750
Thirty-three .........••••• . w
Toltec ' -4-^5
Twenty-eight ¦*¦*** •; •:« •
West Shore -.-•• ••"•• 3 05
Miscellaneous Stocks— _ :
Abby Land and Improvement 1 50
Alameda Sugar ••••• -S 00
American Biscuit . . ... • •• • •• • ;-'•• •¦¦¦•
American District _TeK..... ••••• •••••
Cal Gas and Electric Corp......^. .^^
Cal Cotton Mills 89 00 05 00 .
Cal Jockey Club. •••• .•;••• ..•••"
Cal Shipplnp Co.. ••• •••••
Cal Title Ins and Trust.. •-•
Central Bank of Oakland..
Chutes Company.... •• " 'akh
Cypress Lawn Imp Co ..« »!». •-- .
Fischer's Theater. - w - *».
Gas Consumers' Assn • ••;:• .¦;••"•
Honolulu Sugar. ...". •••••;•••. . "••;
Northern Cal Power > • • • • '¦
North Shore Railroad r . • ;
Orpheum :- Company • • V. . " v* •---
Pacific States Tel and Tel... ••••• • ••.••'
Paraf fine Paint . . . . . ..:... 35 00 •
San Franctsco;Dry Dock.... ..... .....
Sanitary Reduction -Works.. 1,50 ......
Sausalito Land and Ferry../.....".. .....
Sperry Flour Company. ' ¦; .....'•
Standard Electric....:....... ••-•-• : - • '• •
Tesla Coal Company 25 00 ¦ ... 30 00
Truckee Electric. ........... ;...'. ',...'....
Union Sugar. ................ ...'..¦. ¦'....:
United Gas and Electric..:. ..... ' .....\
;; sales. • ¦ "
Morning Session. .
1 Hanford ......... ....:.;....... UO 00
• Afternoon Session, i .• •
100 Homo (B 30) . y 100
500 Home 1 00
TUESDAY. Dec. 22—2 p. m.
Stock and Bond Exchange.
The Pacific Mail Company's freighter Aztec.
CETHain P.ori;n?on, arrived yesterday from
Tacorea. with r>00rt tons of coal.
"The Southern Pacific ferry steamer Encinal
ran into the eouth end of her slip at the ferry
<Jej>oc about noon yesterday mornine and con
vened a few dollars' worth of State property
into kindlinr. Some of the flying fragments
Ftamped^ a party of Wells-Fargo employes
who were taktngr luncheon at the end of the
Flip, but r.obcdy was hurt.
Water Front Notes.
Charles -L. Nev/comb, an ex-soldier,
who climbed the heights back of Ma
nila in the Philippines and shot insur
gents as he would eagles in the Sierras,
was up before .fudge Mogan 'yesterday
on a charge of felony embezzlement.
Xfiwcomb had come out of that damp
climate with all his memory tangled In
a heap. He had forgotten about differ
ential calculus. Some underling in the
office of Paymaster F. L. Payson at the
Presidio made out his check for $301 in
stead of $201. Newcomb overlooked
this light error and went for a trip in
the country. He- was arrested by
Sheriff Dors*ey of Acampo. In the court
yesterday he paid the difference in the
accounts and all proceedings were dis
missed.
the International Banking Corporation, all the
old directors were re-elected except Eugene
Delano and H. C. Frlck. New directors elected
were James F. Fearons. W. G. Henshaw. Pierre
Ma ilia rd. William Salomon and Charles; A.
"vVhtttter. making the number of directors
thiity-eight instead of thirty-five, as formerly.
California Combined OH Company" s sales day
of assessment No. 7. levied November 3, will
take place' January 4. •?£¦'
Sunset Oil Company's sales day of stock upon
which the last assessment has become delin
ouent.* has been postponed from December *1
to January 9. There nre 64,560 shares upon
which the assessment is delinquent, and tn*
sale will take place at Ttilare.
Belle Oliver has been the guide, phil
osopher and /riend of John D. Martini
for ten years past. Recently she tired
of her occupation and wandered else
where, incidentally taking with her $17
in money and a few clothes that she
had gathered during her residence in
the Martini household. She was ar
rested for petty larceny on complaint
of Martini, but Judge Cab^niss decided
that she was not guilty.
Richard Sarsfleldis a vagrant. Tes
timony to that effect was introduced
yesterday in Judge Mogan's court. Ha
insisted on staying up until the' town
was .locked and being around every
morning to see that the clock on the
ferry was properly wound up. Rich
ard's observations were mostly made
from the lookout tower of a wine joint
on Sacramento street. When he be
came a nuisance the«pollce locked him
up. Judge Mogan thought that -«six
months in the County Jail would cure
Sarsfleld. so he sentenced him' to serve
that length of time.
COMMERCIAL NEWS
Continned From Page Thirteen.
, The death sentence was passed upon
Henry Milton, alias George H. Lup
ton, by Judge Lawlor yesterday for the
murder of James Gilleece, the aged
saloon-keeper, on Eleventh street, near
Market, shortly after midnight on
April 15: The date of the execution
was fixed for March 11 at San Quentin.
Milton's face remained impassive while
the Judge pronounced judgment upon
him.
When the case was called Judge
Lawlor asked Milton if he had any
thing to say why the sentence of the
court should not be pronounced upon
him. Attorney Henry C. Dibble, who
was appointed by the court to repre
sent the defendant, made a motion for
a new • trial on statutory grounds',
which was denied. Dibble then made
a motion for arrest of judgment, which
was also denied. After sentence had
been pronounced Dibble asked for a
stay of ten days, as the defendant de
sired to see some friends before being
sent to San Quentin and he also in
tended to take an appeal to the Su
preme Court. The stay was granted;
Milton is looked upbn by the police
as the most dangerous criminal in the
State. He was sentenced to a term for
burglary on September 2, 1878, and
for assault to murder on June 30, 1880.
While serving the latter term in Fol
som penitentiary he made his escape
and served two terms in Eastern peni
tentiaries before being brought back to
complete his time in Folsom.
The crime for which he will | be
hanged was a cowardly one. Gilleece
had locked up his, saloon on Ninth
street and was on his way home when
Milton came' out of an alley and or
dered him to throw up his hands.
Gilleece though^ it was one , of his
friends playing a joke on him. but was
quickly undeceived when Milton struck
him on the head with a steel bar sev
eral times. Gilleece grappled with him
and shouted for help.
During the struggle M'ilton pulled a
revolver out of his pocket and fired a
shot at Gilleece. who died from the ef
fects of the wound ,on May 25. \ When
Milton's pockets were searched after
being arrested skeleton keys, a
"Jimmy" and a bottle of "knock-out
drops" were found.
Afternoon Session.
500 Mont Ton 1 23[lCOO Ton N Star.. SS
600 Rescue .. CSj 200 Ton N Star.. 37
40O Mont Ton.. 1 224 SOO Ton Midway. 51
40OO Rescue 07 200 Ton N Star. . 36
1200 Rescue 08 100 Ton Belmont. 77
Morning Session.
Following were the sales on the San Fran
cisco and Tonopah Mining Exchange yesterday:
TONOPAH MINING EXCHANGE.
300 Belcher 20| 100 Ophir 2 05
200 Gould & Cur. 29 200 Potoei IS
100 Justice 0* 300 Sierra Nev... 4$
100 Mexican 100 300 Sliver Hill... 61
100 Mexican ...1 02H 200 Yel Jacket.... 21
Afternoon Session.
300 Andes 18; 100 Mexican 1 05
300 Belcher 21 200 Mexican ...1 02V,
300 Chollar 19 200 Ophlr 2 10
100 Con Cal & V.I 05 200 Sierra Nev... 47
200 Con Cal & V.I 00 200 Silver Hill... A3
200 Gould & Cur. 30| 300 Tel Jacket.... 21
Following were the sales on the Pacific Stock
Exchange yesterday:
Morning:* Session.
PACIFIC STOCK EXCHANGE.
100 Belcher 21: IPO Overman .... 21
100 Caledonia .... 671 300 Savage .. 39
l'N> Con Cal & V. OVllOOO Silver Hill... 61
2C0 Gould & Cur. 2SM
1<X> Andes 18 200 Overman 20
l<0 Caledonia «w| 300 Savage ...... 33
100 Mexican 1 05j 200 Yel Jacket.... 21
100 Occidental ... 8i! .
Afternoon Session.
Morning Session.
Following were the sales on the. San Fran
cisco Stock and Exchange board yesterday:
SAN FRANCISCO STOCK EXCHANGE.
Mining Stocks.
Assistant United Stales District At
torney Banning 'says that he will try
Rumble on* one of the counts of the
indictment, as suggested by the court,
and will prepare two additional in
dictments against Rumble, which he
thinks will give the defendant and his
attorneys a sufficiency of legal exer
cise for several weeks to come.
United States District Judge de
Haven yesterday quashed the indict
ment against G. W. Rumble charging
him with having used the mails for
the purpose of defrauding his corre
spondents by means of a mining
Bcheme. In rendering his decision
Judge de Haven said:
"The. Indictment in this case
charged three distinct offenses against
section 5480 of the Revised Statutes,
and, as I construe the indictment, no
two of these -were committed within
the same six calendar months. The
section upon which the Indictment is
based provides:
"'The indictment. Information, or
complaint may severally charge of
fenses to the number of three when
committed within the same six calen
dar months.'
"I am unable to escape the con
clusion that this section furnishes the
exclusive rule in relation to the joinder
of offenses against • this particular
statute. In other words, It Is. only
separate offenses committed within
the same six calendar months -which
may be joined in the same indictment.
This being so, the motion of the de
fendant to quash will be granted, un
less the Government elects to proceed
upon one count of the indictment."
PEOSECUTIOX DETER3UNED
WILL BE HANGED MARCH 11
Th» vessels on the overdue list were quoted
ypjteriay for reinsurance as fellows: Paris,
B0 re:" t*Bt; Willy Rickmers. IS IT cent;
u;;vfhar.k, C5 rer cent and W. J. Pirrie, 10
}'er cent.
The Overdue List.
The Brit-Fh Fteamship Heathdcne. which ar
rived Nowmbor 26 at Yokohama from Tacoma.
Y.hf pene on the drydock at the Japanese port.
Her rudder is= damksed and two of her r'"**"
are cracked. The cost of repairs, including
<iryc!ock J>ef. amount to more than $5500.
The Occidental and Oriental Steam
ship Company's liner Doric, Captain
Harry Smith, sailed yesterday for the
Orient. Her hold held its full capacity
of cargo and her cabins were crowded
with passengers. Of saloon passengers
she carried fifty-one and in the Asiatic
steerage took sixty-four Chinese, of
whom fnur were deported, one remand
ed and thirteen sent out of the country
by nrder of the Immigration Commis
sioner. Among the Doric's passengers
•was Eng Hok For.p. president of the
China Commercial Company, who has
boon here and in Mexico looking after
the interest? of his company. The pas
sengers included the following named:
For Yokohama— Miss T. Morrison. E. Rogers.
Mjfs L. Wirick.
Nara«aki — i?;xtr> Lopez.
Ph 8 r.*hai-P. Marshall. Mrs. V M , arlh !|}- T
H^r.ckonp-T. M. B>ler. B. B. Bramell. J.
G. Brown. Mrs. J. G. Brown. B. feu*'™*
•\V. P. Card. Lewis Carripan. T\ . chamberlain,
J B Ccrroran, EL W. Pavi*. Hok Fonp.
Oe^rre Gattnn. G. H. Gu»n5rjm. F. P ; Ha>den.
Mrs. F. D. Hayden. S. T. Kendall. Mn ;. J . E.
Lde C * Lull. J. E. Madara. G. R. Martin.
J. R. Merrill. G. H. Pottaj Pr °£" or ,. F , r . an^ s
Ramaiey. Was M. Rpgers. J. D.Jtwfl^B.
EfertStat. Her. Antonio t?crr». E. M. S '* nl £.V
E N Stev*r.«. Mifs M. Stewart, O. \\. Pt.
Clair.' H. A. Tlush. W. E. Thompson. F ; M.
Tunny, H. E. Walker, L.. If. A\ ileoxson. <_. 1.
To tola r.\ Honolulu— Miss Elsa Hink, Cap
tain J. H Lyman. Mrs. J. EL Lyman, J. Harry
Been. Mrs J. Harry Scott.
»n nrvdock al Yokohama
.It is a mortal . offense to feed the
hamadryas on chocolate candy out at
the, Chutes. The hamadryas appears to
the onlooker to be an ordinary monkey
with a bad temper,, but scientific ex
perts testified in Judge Conlan's court
yesterday that he was captured with
great pains in the warm belt that sep
arates Afghanistan from the rest of the
known world. To feed such an animal
chocolate^ meant death— in large, black
letters.
Harold Montgomery, fresh from Oak
land, attempted the task last Thurs
day. A keeper of monkeys named
James Mooney found Harold dropping
chocolate candy in the hamadryas'
mouth. He pushed him into the Zoo,
which adjoins the habitation of the
"friends of men" at the Chutes, and
beat him on the head with a leather
covered "billy." Montgomery lay un
conscious for three, days as a result of
the assault.
The case .was tried partly, but the de
fendant asked for- a continuance until
next Friday morning, when he expects
to prove that he was merely trying to
save . Montgomery from the aavage
beast.
NEW YORK— Arrived Dec 22— Stmr Rotter
dam, from Rotterdam and Boulogne.
Sailed Dec 21' — Stmr Armenian, for Liver
pool.
NAPLES— Arrived Dec 22— Stmr Palatla,
from New York.
GENOA— Arrived De<- 22— Stmr Romance,
from Boston, via St Michael*.
BREMEN — Arrived Dec 22— Stmr Kaiser
Wilhelm II, from New York, via Plymouth
and rherboure;.
ROTTERDAM— Sailed P<?c 22— Stmr Slot
erdy, for New York. %
Sailed Dec 2— Nor bark Sorata* for Tacoma.
Dec 1«— Bark Holliawood. for Newcastle. Aus.
COLOMBO— Sailed Dec 2O— Br stmr St Fil
lans. for Boston.
HONGKONG— Arrived Dec 6— Jap stmr
ToFa Maru. from Seattle. Dec 13 — Stmr Vic
toria from Tacoma.
ADELAIDE— Arrived Dec 21— Schr Alumna,
from Knappton Or.
PANAMA— Arrived Dec 13— Stmr Colon,
hence Nov 21.
QUEENSTOWN — Arrived Dec 22 — Br shin
Lar*o Bay. from Eureka. •
JUN1N — Arrived Dec 0 — Br bark Beeswing,
from Newcastle. Aus.
LONDON— In von Dec 0— Fr bark G*n
eral de Bolsdeffre. for Swansea and San Fran
cisco.
LIMERICK— In port Dec 5 — Br ship 'Waver
tr^.. f or Tyne and San Francisco.
TAHITI— Arrived Dec 13— Stmr Marirosa.
hence Dec 1.
YOKOHAMA — Arrived Dec 22 — Jan stmr
Honjrkon* Maru. hence Dec 3.
BARROW— Arrived Dec 22— Br ehlD Lady
Wolseley, from Pisagua.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
FOREIGN PORTS
CALLAO— Arrived Nov 16— Br stmr Menan
tic. from New York.
NEW YORK— Arrived Dec 21— Br etmr. In
dradeo. from Yokohama.
EASTERN PORTS
HONOLULU— Sailed Dec 21— Br ship Alice
A Leigh, for San Francisco; stmr Siberia, for
San Francisco; bark W B Flint, for Maka
trelL
.«ail"d Dec 22— Schr Kailua, for Eleele.
MANILA— Arrived Dec 4— U S stmr Dlx,
from Seattle. .
Sailed Dec 20— Br stmr Indraaamha, for
Portland, Or.
CEBU— Arrived Dec 21— Br stmr Dulevich.
from Colombo.
ISLAND PORTS
PORT BLAKELET- Sailed Dec 22— Schr
Lyman D Foster, for Sydney.
TACOMA— Arlved Dec 22— Br ehip Crown of
Scotland, hence Dec 6.
Sailed Dec 22— Schr King Cyrus, for . San
Pedro.
ASTORIA— Sailed Dec 22— Stmr Navarro, for
Kan Francisco.
Arrived Dec 2? — Schr R W Bartlett. from
Redondo; scbr Salvator, hence Dec 9.
TIL.LAMOOK— Sailed Dec 22— Schr C T. Hill,
for San Francisco.
SAN PEDRO— Arrived Dec 22— Stmr Coos
Bay. hence Dec 19.
Sailed Dec 02— Stmr Coos Bay. for San
Francisco: schr Endeavor, for Everett; »chr
RxflFior. for WillaDa Harbor; echr Caroline,
for I'nrvjua River. »
SAX "DIEGO— Sailed Dec, 22— Schr Bertha
Dolbeer, for Eureka i Br bark Inverneil, for
: Sal stmr Yzalco, for Acajutla.
GRAYS HARBOR— Sailed Dec 22— Stmr
Santa Monica, for SarftFrandsco; echr Comet,
for Santa Barbara.
Arrived Dec 22~Sehr Cha* E Falk. hence
Dec 4: etmr Homer, hence Dec l!>.
FAIRHAVEN— Sailed Dec 22— Stmr Olym
pic, for 3an Francisco.
EUREKA— Arrived Dec 22 — Stmr Westport,
from Westoort: strar Stjokane, hence Dec 21.
Sailed Dec 22 — Stmr Noyo, for Whatcom;
Mmr Frentiss. for San Francisco; stmr Green
wood, fcr San Francisco; schr Allen A. for
Kahulul; echr John A, for Ban Francisco;
stmr Arctic, for San Francisco. .
Sailed Dec 22— Stmr Eureka, for San Fran
cisco.
ABERDEEN— Arrived Dec 22 — Echr Cha» E
Falk. hence D»c 4.
Sailed Dec 22— Stmr Santa Monica, for San
Pedro. . ' V ¦
SEATTLE— Arrived Dee 22— Etmr Geo Loo
mle. hence Dec 18.
Sailed Dec 22— Stmr Hawaiian, for Hono
lulu.
blouse. Therein concealed was found a
gun which pawnbrokers . sell with a
guarantee that- it will shoot a man
around a corner. Tom was gathered in
and appeared, before Judge Mogan yes
terday. He said that he carried the
weapon for protection. From his heart
he declared that he was not afraid of
white men^ but there was so much do
ing up in Chinatown lately that he
thought it better for his own safety to
carry a weapon. The Judge dismissed
him.
Judge Lawlor Passes Death Sen
tence Upon «-Man "Who Shot
and Killed James Gilleece
Temporary Ray of Sunshine for
Stock Operator Rumble, Who
Got Thousands From Dupes
Holiday Season Fails to Stay Travel Toward
Lands of the Setting Sun and Fifty-One Pas
sengers Will Enjoy Christmas in Liner's Salon
Harold. Montgomery Comes -to Harm as Result of
Trying to Satisfy the Hamadryas' Appetite.
Hero of the Philippines Acquitted of Theft
MILTON FACES
THE CALLOWS
COURT QUASHES
AN INDICTMENT
HOLD AND CABINS CROWDED,
DORIC SAILS FOR THE ORIENT
FEEDING CANDY TO MONKEY
AT CHUTES PRODUCES ROW
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, DECEMBER 23, 1903.
12
j BAH. WAT TZAVEL.
SOUTHERN PACIFIC
1 rains leave ami are ft ite to arrive at ,
»AN KKANC1SCO.
Otaln Line. Toot of >larket Street ) w
ia*T« — r»n»soTM»i»a.i!»M. — *»am*
7430* Vaearllie. W|at«r». Ramsey 7 SSr
7.01U Beatda. 8ulsan. Elmlra aad Sacra-
menlo 73S»
7J0a Vallejo. Xaj»a. Callstota. SaaU
Rosa. Martinet, 3 an Karoos. B 25f
7-30a Ullea. Llrermore. Trscr. l*U»rop.
Stockton 725»
tJ50* Sbanta Express— (Via Davis).
¦Wfillanu (for Darllett 3pr!nK»).
WUlowa *Krnto. Ued BluO, ,
Portland. Tacouva, Seattle 7£a*
8-00* Darls. Woodland, KnlghU LauUaz.
MarysTllle. OroTllio 7.5a*
8»5a* Port Costa. Martian. Antioctx.
Byron; Tracy. 6 toe it on. New-
man. Los Uano*. II « a d o t *.
I Annoaa. Uaaford, Vlsalla.
Portrrrllle 4JS»
tJK* Port Costa, Martto^i. Tracy. /Latb-
rop. Modesto, Verced. Fresno^
Ooaken JaactTna. Ban ford.
VlsaMa. Bakersfteld 4.53»
|J0i KHea. Ban .lose. LtTermore. Stoeic-
ton. ftMllton). lon<\ Sv.r*menta,
Placervllle. Marj»Tllle. CH.UM,
r.«d nioff 4^5»
I JO* O*ka>tl<". CnlnMe. Jame»f/>wa. So-
nora. Tnolomne ana Aas;el» 4-251*
tOS* Atlantic Express— OKrtcn»ndE«m. 1125*
930* Richmond. Marlines and Way
Station*- 6-55f
10.00* Tbe Overland Limited — Ocdoa.
Denver. Omaha, Chicago. B.2&>
10-OOa Vallejo- lZ2i»
10.00a Los Angles Pass^n^r- Port
Costa, Martinex. Byroc Tracy,
Lathrop. Btocktoa, jfercM.
Raymond. Fresno. Go«hen Jnno
tion. H^nfonl. Lemoore. VUalla.
Bakersfleld. Los Awcfles J?3 F
ttXOv Hayward. Nlles and Way Stacl«u. 3 25»
f\JtQT Bacrameato River 8t««mers_ Ml-OOf
5*)F Bentela. Wtacera. ftaersmenlo.
Woodland. Kn!c»t» Laadlog.
Marysvllle. Orovtlle and way
stations .... ......-."•--• tO-58*
JJOr Haywar'i.siies"sndWay8toUoni.. 7i4#
ISOf Port Costa, Martlaex. Bjron.
Tracy. Lathrop. Modesto,
MeTced, Fresno and Way St*
tlonsbevond Port Costa..... ... 12 2*»
«J0p Martinex. Tracy. Stoekton. Lodl... 10 25*
4 00r Martlaex.9anttamoa.VaIloJo.aapa,
CallstPKS. BanU Ri<*%- 9 25*
4 OOP JTHes, Tracy. Stockton. Lodt ...... *-25*
4 20p Hayward. Sties. Irvlnfton. Stnl J9-554
Jose, Lltermore I til.ao*
6. OOP Tbe Owl Limited— Xewm>tt. Los
Btnos. Mendota, Fre»n«. Tttlare.
BakersfleH. Los Aneeles 8.554
6.0Or Port Costa, Tracy. Stockton •?¦*§'
t5 30r Ilaywarrt, Kilos and San Joa« 7.25*
S.OOr Hay ward. Ufle* and 6s»n Jos« 9-5S*
S4>0r Eastern Expreas— Ogden. Denver.
Omaha. St. Loots. Chicago and
East. Port Costa, Benfcift, Sul-
sun, Elmtra. Davis. Sacrmmento.
Roekltn. AotJism. Colfax,
. Trackee. Boca. i:eno. Wads-
worth. Wtnnemucea 829v
t.tQr Vallejo, dally, except Sondax t 7 ss»
7-BOr Vallejo, SunJ»y nnly f •-»-»
7.00p itlcbaiond. Saa Pablo. Port Coti*,
Martinex «n<t Way Statfons HZSa
I.OSr Oregon A California Express— Sao-
ramento. Marysvllle. Reddlag.
Portland. Puget Pound and East. 8. 55*
8.1 Cf Bay ward. Kilea and Saa Jose (Sua-
dayonly) . 1165*.
COAST LINE (Marr«w Uaaf.j.
¦ (Foot of Market Street.) t
8-1B* Newark. Centervllle. Saa Jose,
Felton. Boulaer Creek. SanU
Crax and Way Stations 545*
tf .If v Newark. Cestervllle. San Jose.
New Almaden.Los Gatos,?eltoa,
Bonlder Cr^ek. Santa Crux and
' Principal Way Stations tt8-S8a
4-IBp Newark. San Jose. LosBatos and t t8.B5a
way station * ):1O55*
•flJRJp Hunters Train, Saturday only. San .
Jose and Way Stations. Return-
Ing from Loo Gsto* Snnriay only. 27 2S>
OAKLANDlHARBOR FERRY.
From SAN r KAN CISCO. Foot of Market St. (Slip*)
-t7:15 *:00 11:00 *.M. 100 3 00 615f.«
From OAKLAND. Foot »f Broadwsy — t*:0o W:3»
t»:06 1u:00a.m. 1200 2 00 4 00 P.M.
COAST LINE <Hroa4 tlaa«e).
ty (l blnl »ml Xuwnsend Streets.) '
810* 8sa Jose and Way Stations......... 6-30*
7.00* San Jose and W»y Stations 5.3&>
• CO* New Almaden (Tues.. Frld.. only). 4-13*
SCO* CosstLlne Limited— Stopsonly San
Jose.'Gllroy (connection for Hoi- -
lister), Psjaro. Castrovllle. 8«-
I Unas. San Ardo. Paso Roblea,
8antaM»rgarlt».S»n Lnts Ob!sp<v
Principal utattons tbence Surf '
(connection for Lompoo) princi-
pal stations thence Santa Bar-
bara and Los Angeles. Connec-
tion at Castrovliis to and from
Monterey and Pacific Grove 19.43s*
t.Cfl* Bsn Jose, Tres "Plaos. Cspltola,
SantaCruz.PaelfleGrove.Saltaaa,
San Luts Obtipo and Principal I *m
Way Stations la* 41O
10.30* 8 an Jose and Way Stations .-. 1.20*
11-30* Santa Clara, San Jose. Los Gatos
and Way Stations 4 7.33
1-30F Ean Jose and Way Statloas iil*
•XCr Pacific Grova Express — SantaCIara
Saa Jote. Del Monte. MocJterey,
Fadflc Grove (connects at Santa
Ciira for Santa Crux. Boulder
: Creek and Narrow Gauge Points)
i at Gllroy for Hollttter. Tres
Plnos. at Castrovllle for Salinas. 12.1fp
SZOr Tres Plnos Wsy Psssenper 110-43*
t4 4b** ttsn Jose, (via Santa Clara) Los
tiatos. and Principal Way Sta-
tions (except Sunday) +3. 124
56 30r Ean Jose and Piiac!i>il Wsy Stations t8.00A
S.UIr Sunset Limited.— Redwood, Saa
Jose, Gtlroy.Sal!nas,Paso Roblea,
Ean Lnts Oblspo, Santa Barbara,
Los Angeles. Demlng. £1 Paso.
New Orleans, New York. Coo*
Beets at Pajaro for Santa Crui
and at Castrovllln for Pacific
Grove and Way Stations 7.10*
IS.IBr EsnMateo,Bereiford,BelsaoBt,8aa
Carlos, Redwood. Fair Oaks,
Menlo Park. Palo Alto tft.48*
S.JCp San Jose snd Way Stations 8.35*
I 11 .30jp Sooth San Francisco, XI lllbrae. Bur-
Ilagame. Saa Mateo. Belmont,
: San Carlos. Redwood, Fair Oaks,
i Menlo Park, and Palo Alto 9-45*
«11-30r Mayoeld. Mountain View, Sunny-
vale. Lawrence, Santa Clara and
San Jose. : t9.45P
A for Morning. P for Afternoon
3 Sunday only.
. { Etops at all stations on Sands?.
tSanday excepted. a Saturday oaly.
IV Only trains iiopplaz at Valencia St. soQtabo«»4
are 6: 10 a.m-.'-OOa.m,, 11:30 aji.. S.SOr.u. ana «:30rjs»
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. CO.
LESSEE
SAN FRANCISCO AHu NORTH PACIFIC
BAILWAT COMPAXTT.
Tlbnroa rerry, root of Uirket Street.
SAN PKANCISCO TO SAW SATASXm
WEEK DAYS— 7:30. 9:00. 11:00 a, m.; 12:33.
3:;;o. 5:10. 6:30 p. m. Thursdays— Extra trip
at 11:30- p. m.
Saturdays — Extra trip at 1:50 and 11:30 p. tn.
SUNDAYS— 3:00. 9:30. 11:00 a. m.; 1:30,
3:30, 5:00. 6:20. 11:30 p. m.
BAIT BArAEL TO SAW 7SAVCXSCO.
WEEK DAYS— 6:C5. 7:35. 7:50. 8:20. 11:15
a. m.: 12:50, 3:40. 5:00. 5:20 p. m.
Saturdays — Extra trip at 2:05 and 6:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:00. 9:40. 11:15 a. m.; 1:40. 3:40.
4:55. 5:05. 6:25 p. m.
Leave- I In Effect I . ArrlT*
San Francisco. | Sei>t. 2". 1903. [San Francisco.
Week I Sun- I Destlna- J Sun- I Week
Days. I day. ) tion. f days. I Days.
7:30a 8:<X)a 9:10 a 8:40a
9:30 a Ignacto. 10:40 a 10:20 a.
3:30 p 3::»p '¦ «:05 p «:20 9
B:10p 5:0O p 7:35p
7:30a : 9:10aj S:4O a
8:0O a Novato. 10:40 a 10:2Oa
3:S0p 9:30 a Tetalunia «:05 p 6:20 p
0:10 p 3-30 p . and 1:03 p
5:C0p Santa Rosa.
7:30 a * — - -—_—___
9:00a Fulton. T:S3 p «.:0p
3:30 p 3:30 p (
Windsor.
7:30a 8:00 a Healdsburtr. lO:40»\Q;SOa
Lyttoa.
3:30 p 3:30 p OeyservlUev T;S» p «;SO0
CIovert!al«. [
7:30a| 8:00 a) Ilopland |l0;4rt a[10:2oi
3:30rl 3:30p| and UkUh. | 7^33 p| <l:Wp
7:3Oa| 8:00 a[ WUUia. | flsa p| «:aOp
7:30 al 8:00 al ""iroTio al lO:-f> »
3:30 p[ 3:30 p( GutrnrvtlU. | 7:35 p| «:20 9
7 :30 a I 8:00 al Sonoma. i 0:10 a! MfiiTa
5:10 p| 0:00 p| OUn Ellsn. | «:0op| B:20p
7:30 al 8:Cua| 110:40 aI10t20 •
3:30 p| 3:30 p| Rehastnpol. l7:35p|«:30p
STAGES connect at Green Bra« for San
Quentin; at Santa U>ti tor White Sulphur
Springs; at Fulton for Altruria and Mark Wast
Springs; at Lytti.n for Lytton Sprlnca; at Oey>
¦erv-Ule* fur Skasxs Sprtnca: at Cloverdal* for
the Geysers, (Iboneville and - Greenwnod: at
Hopland for Duncan Springs, Highland Sprints.
Kelseyvllle, Carlsbad Springs. 8«» Bay. Lak«-
port and Bartlatt i4prtns;s; at L'kUh for Vichy
Springs. Saraioica SDrtngs, Bin-* Lakesv Lauret
Dell Lake. Witter Springs. Vpper Lake. Pomo.
Potter ValUy. John Day's. Riverside. Lleny'a.
Buckncll's. Sanh«dria Ifelshts. Hullville. Orr'a
Hot Springs, Halfway House, Comptcbe, Camp
Stevens. Hopkins. Mendocino City. Fort Brag*.
Weatport, L'sal; >at Wllllts for Fort Brag*.
Westuort. Sbcrwooii. Cahto, Covello, Lavton-
vllle Cummins". Hell's Springs. Harris. . oi-
¦en'«. Dyer, aarbervllte. Peppcrwood. Scotia
and Eureka.
Saturday to Sunday round-trip Ucketa at ra-
ducd rates.
On Sunday ' round-trip ticket* to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rate*.
Ticket offices, 630 Market street. Chonlcla
R. X.-RTAK. ~
Cen. Manager. Gen. Pass. Ajt.
16 Pages. SI per YcaP
BAILWAT TBAVEL.
CALIFORNIA
LIMITED TO CHICAGO
LEAVES DAILY
at 9:30 a. m., througrli in 3 days, -
with diner 'ana all trappinra.
Other Santa r« Trains i
7:30 a.m.l for g tO ckton. Fresno. Bakersflcld,
• .30 a. m. f Merced. Hanford and VlaalJa.
stuo p. m. j
4:00 p. m. for Stockton.
8:00 p. m. for Kansas City, Grand Canyon ami
¦ ; - .Chicago. :, . .; . ¦:--.\ -^v;-, ••.¦•. -
TICKET OFPICE— 641 Market St.. and
Terry Depot, S. F. Alas 1113 Broad-
way, Oakland, Cal. r * v •"
— TOSANRAFAEL,
ROSS VALLEY,
MILL VALLEY,
CAZADERO, Etc
via Sansallto rerry.
Suburban Service, Standard Gauge Electric: —
Depart Irom San Franci«cc > Dally-7:00. 8:00.
9:tO. 10:00. 11:00 a. m.. 12:20. 1:45. 4:16. 4:13.
Sift 6-15 7:00. 8:45. 10:20. 11:45 p. m.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO
—Dally— 6 25. 6:35. »: 40. 8:33. 9:35, 11:05 a,
m.;. 12:20? 1:45, 2:55., 3:45. 4:45. 6:45. 6:43.
S: FROM :2 MILL m 'VALLET TO SAN FHAN-
ClSCC*-Dally— 5:45. 6:55. 7:52. 8:55, 9:35.
ll-20aTm.. 12:35. 2:00. 3:15. 4:05. 5:05V C^
7:05. »:C0. 10^5^-^ TRAiNg .
8-00 a, m. dally — Cazadero and way sUUons.
6:15 p. m. week days (Saturdays excepted) —
Tomales and way stations.
3:15 p. m. Saturdays— Cazadero and way sta-
Sundays only— 10 a. m- Point Reyes ' and
way aiatiiirs. j
TICKET OFFICE— 626 Market St. '
I FERRT — Union Depot, foot of Market «t.
Mi. Tamalpajs Railway
• Leave Tia Saoiauts f vrj I • Arrive
SanFrandsco Fast tf Mirt't ft San Prand3co_
. Week Sun- Snn- ¦ Week
Day». days J^SSSSSf^. dar^ Days.
•Tsin*8?OoX E*mffl&k l^:O&Ff0l40i
•1:*5p '8:OOa W8PBWW l:25f J:5Op
5:15rlO:OOA «^^ S:60r 5:5Op
mmmm 11:OOa *:»Of 9:5«t
„..•...„• l:46r 'm&BW 5:50? _.
tmist »itt ttm ftr Kyssi s»4 TChT Pay
nCUT t 626 Markrt ST.,(Norta Shore Railroad;
emei3 ) and Sa us auto Fsuv, Foot Market St.STOCK MARKET.
Business continued dull on all the exchanges) . ¦
and there, were no fluctuations worthy of not*. E
Tbe German Barings and Loan Society ha*
declared a semi-annual dividend at the rat* of
3% I>er .cent per. annum on all deposits, pay
able January 2.
Tho Central Trust Company has declared*
seml-ammal dividends at the rate of 3.00 pet*
cent on term deposits and 3 per cent on ordi
nary deposits, payable January 2.
The San Francisco and Suburban Hora«*
Bulldt?s Society has declared a semi-annual
dividend at the rate of 12 per cent per annum
on tha capital stock .'.nd participatine certi
ficates.
¦ The Calumet and Hecla. lti=!nff Company «tf
Michigan paid a quarterly dividend of $10 per
share, amounting to $1,000,000. yesterday.
Three months ago $10 was declared and a year
ago $5. This is the fourth dividend this calen
dar year, making a total of $35 per share, and
It brings the total disbursements to stock
holders since organization up to $83,350,000 00
a capital at $2,500,000-
At the annual meettnr of the Hana Planta
tion Comtany tha fellow Inr directors wer«
elected: O. L. Brem*. E. J. Benjamin. O. W.
Hendry. L. Snrenl and A. C. Hellmann.
i At the annual meeting; of the stockholders of
ts^^k YORK> Dec " 22 — FLOUR-Reee pts
35.287 barrels: exports. 8S3G barrels. Market
™££'.£ ut ~ l5Ustalnea at old limit*. '-'*
, n W - H .F AT T Recclpts ' ZMOO bushels ; exports
108,, h2 burhels. Spot, easy; No. 2 red 9°£ c
elevator and 93%c f. o. b. afloat; No. 1 North
em Duluth. 95^c f. o. b. afloat; Na l hard
Manitoba, nominal t. o. b. afloat Ontloi»
rulc'd fairly Meady all day at about last °ighK
prices Early war 'rumors were later dissi
pated by closing advances en consols and er
ppiters withdrew from the cash market
Heavy Southwest movement, favorable weather
and easier .cables led - to some selling, espe
cially at St. Louis. The close, however wL
steady at a partial ,#c. net decline '-Mat
85 11-1&3S6 1-16C. closed 85%c- July sK
gJSStSr* 62<>: Decemb "- «*•&&
HOPS-^Flrm.
HIDES— Firm:
WOOL — Firm.
PETROLEUM— Firm.
: SUGAR — Raw, nominal; refined, quiet " : I
COFFEE— Spot Rio. firm; mild, flrm.' The
market for coffee futures clpjed at unchanged
prices to an advance of 5- points. Sales were
New York Grain and Produce:.
- N^W YORK, Dec. 22.— Through an error In
transmission the week's bank clearings for
I ortland Or., were given In Bradstreefs clear
ings statement last Friday as $4,917,000 Cor
recud figures show that the -week's clearings
at Portland were $4,000,915. • . ¦ nngl
Correction.
Receipts of Produce*
FOR TUESDAY. DECEMBER 2X
Flour qr sk3...32.18'1 Feed, sks «3T
"Wheat. c«9 13.0T.C Tallow ctls .... 212
Barley ctls Ca*W Pelts. No 44-
Oats. ctls 500 HMes. Now 249
Beans, sks 2.C20 Quicksilver. Oaks 101
Potatoes, aks ... 6.160 leather, rolls.... 7»
Bran, sks IS" Wine., gals «2,C©0
Middlings sks... ,450 Sugar, ctls 440
Hay tons '317' Lime, bbls 4CH
IIops. bales .... «1 Paper, rms 635
Wool, bales .... 2 Brandy, sals.... 2.930
Screenings, sks.. 200
OREGON. ' ; v .'.;.-}*?>
Flour, qr sks T.C7! lOniona. ska .... Ill
Oats, ctla 1.020 Bran, sks 5,013
Potatoes, sks ... l.SCOl
.WASHINGTON.
Flour qr sks... 4,Z14|Barley. ctla...,. 1,131
Wheat, ctls 14.0001
AUSTRALIA.
Wool. Bales 0031
Available Grain Supply.
NEW YORK. Dec. 22. — Special tAi»»-^«r,».i
and cable communications re%lved bt r^°
street'* show the following changes in availl
able supplies as compared with last account-
Wheat— United States and Canada ewt of
Rockies, decreased 502.000 • bushels? afloat tol
and in Europe decreased 200,000 bushels Tnt»i
supply decreased 702,000 bushels DU8nels - rotal
Corn— United States and Canada east "'nt
Rockies, decreased C9.000 bushels. ' asl or
Oats— United States end Canada east nf
Rockies. Increased 413,000 bushels.
Hides, Tallow, Wool and Hops.
The demand for Hops continues . brisk and
growers are obtaining full asking prices as a
rule. The Eastern and European markets con
tinue firm. Prices show a further advance.
The condition of other markets appears in the
first column.
Hides are easy, qutet and unchanged. Buy
ers are taking No. 1 dry at full figures, but are
giving salted stock the go-by. '
The local trade report' rather more Inquiry
for Wool than for some weeks past, but tha
tone is not firm, and quotations would have to
be shaded to sell any line. Stocks are ample,
but not excessive.' The steamer Sierra brought
up 903 bale* from Australia.
HIDES AND SKINS — Culls and brands sell
about IVjC under ' quotations. Heavy tilted
Steers, 9c; medium. 8c; light, 7%c; Cow Hides,
7%c for heavy and 7%e for light; Stags, 5c;
Salted Kip, 9c; Salted Veal, 10c; Salted Calf.
lO'/^c; dry Hides, 15c; dry Kip. 13c; dry Calf.
ISc: Sheepskins, shearlings, 25@S0c each; short
Wool, 40®60c each: medium. 70390c; long
Wool. $1©1 50: Horse Hides, salt. $2 75 for
large and $2®2 5O for medium. $1 25^1 75 for
small and SOc for Colts; Horse Hides, dry.
$1 75 for large and $1 60 for medium. $1 QX 25
for small and 50c. for Colts. Buck Sklna — Dry
Mexican,' 31c;' dry salted > Mexican, 25c; dry
Central American, 31c. Goat Sk!na — Prime An
goras, 75c; large and smooth, 50c; medium, 35c;
small. 2Cc. 1
TALLOW — No. 1 rendered, 4&q per lb: No.
2. 4c: grease. 2*4©3c. '
. WOOL — Fall clip — San Joaquin Lambs'. 9<9
lie; Middle County, : 11912c; Northern Free
Ili3.12c; Northern. SJefectlve, 10@llc; Humboldt
and Mendocino. 12«fHc; Nevada, 13@15c; Ore
gon fine, ISCilOc; Oregon medium, 17c per lb.
HOPS— 20@24c per lb for California.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
Prices of Burbank Potatoes were without
quotable change and strictly fancy offerings
continued to meet with a good demand. The
Oregon steamer brought down I860 sacks,
which had not been marketed up to a late
hour. . River Burbanks moved slowly, but
PM«;«V wne no lower and large lines were
being placed in warehouse. A freshly arrived
car of Sweets was marketed and cleaned up
quickly at a sharp advance. Onions' ruled
flrm under scanty supplies. Receipts consisted
of llo sacks from Oregon. Green Onions from
Stockton were offering again and sold at 50@
65c per box. ¦ • ¦
As usual on Tuesday, receipts of Los Angeles
vegetables were light and 'prices of Peas and
Beans were firmer. The market was liberally
supplied with Tomatoes that had been carried
over frorr the preceding, day and prices con
tinued weak. Hothouse Cucumbers were In
g6od request and brought higher prices. The
other vegetables stood as previously quoted.
POTATOES — Burbanks from the river, 600
80c- per ctl: Salinas Burbanks, $1@1 40 per ctl;
Oregon Burbanks, S5c@$l 10 per ctl; River
Reds. C0@«5c per ctl; Garnet Chiles, OOciffJl per
ctl: Sweet Potatoes. $1 50 per ctl.
ONIONS — $1<B1 25 per qtl.
VEGETABLES — Green Peas, D@7c per lb;
String Beans. 8@10c per lb; Wax, 8@12V4c; To
matoes, 50@75c per box for bay and $1@1 50 per
box or crate for Los Angeles: SummeV Squash
from Los Angeles, -$l@l 25 per box; Cabbage,
SOc per ctl: Carrots. 50c per sack; Hothouse.Cu
cumbers. $2 50 per dozen;. Garlic, 6@7c per lb;
Ecg Plant, 8@10c per lb; Dried Peppers, < 5<@«c
per lb for Stockton andll@12%c for southern;
Dried Okra, 12>£c per. lb: Green Peppers, 4@6c
per lb: Mushrooms. 20@25e per lb; Marrowfat
and Hubbard Squash, $10012 per, ton for round
lots and %Q>lc per lb for sacked.
Nczu- York Dry Goods Market.
TfEW.TORK, Dec. 22. — The dry goods market
does net respond a* rapidly as it did when on a
lower basis, due to the radical changes of th«
cotton market, yet. the advances registered «rivn
added strength to sellers' positions and make
them more Independent regarding any attemnta
to secure concessions. The market Is not active
and Is not expected to be until after the holi
days. I Jobbers are doing an Indifferent business
exeepVln local demand for holiday goods
New York Cotton Market.
NEW YORK; Dec. 22.-The cotton market
closed within a point or two of the top and
steady, 450B5 points higher, these prices belnir
new high' records for the season.
PORTLAND, Or., Dee. 22. — Wheat — Walla
Walla. 71@72c: blueetem, ' 77c; valley. 78c, .
TACOMA, Dec.' 22.— Wfceat— Bluestem, 79c:'
club, 75c. '.-:¦ ;/-;'¦- \ - •..-
Northern Wheat Market
Continued on Page Twelre,
• Meat Market.
The market continues well supplied, and
prices show little change. . The Inside quota
tions for. dressed Mutton ' ar» 'rather lower.
Some Mutton, not first-class, Is coming la on
consignment to ' commission houses, . who are
cutting prices. Beef and Veal are steady. Pork
Is In ample supply, with large Hoes weak.
DRESSED MEATS.
; Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers
are aa follows:
BEEF— fl%0T%c for Steers and 5®6c per lb
for Cows, --¦¦-; :
VEAL— Large, Sigfic; small. 9010c per lb.
M UTTON— Wethers. 7 i4©8 %c ; Ewes, 73S0
per lb. ; . *
LAMB— O%01Oc per lb.
: : PORK— Dressed Hosa. 708 per lb. *
LIVESTOCK MARKET.
The foIUvwlrg quotations arc fcr good, sound
Livestock, delivered ; in San Francisco.- less 50
per cent shrinkage for Cattle: ¦ .
CATTLE— Steers. SS'Je: Cows and Heifers,
7©8c: thin Cows. 4©3c per ib.^EJfegBJSSJC
CALVES— 434#c per lb (gross "weight).
Poultry and Game.
The Poultry market waa active and nearly
all descriptions of live stock were quoted
higher. Turkeys, however, were the leading
feature and there was a good , demand » for
.choice stock and occasional sales of prime were
reported at 27o per pound. Second class stock
was inclined to drag and there was quite a «ur
plus'uncold at the close. Several leading re
tailers were operating cautiously Jn the hope
that receipt* would be heavy and prices lower
to-day. Western chilled stock ¦ wm offering at
22@23c per pound," '. but moved rather slowly
There wera several > cars In cold, ctorage. but
there were no heavy , withdrawals therefrom.
Th« receipts of California dressed were about
75 tons. The .. offerlnga of Western •> Turkeys
amount to 8 or, 10 cars. ¦-._¦
Game was in ample supply. and prices) of all
descriptions except Hare were unchanged.
POULTRY — Dressed /Turkeys, 22@26c per lb;"
live Turkeys. 20@22c per . lb: * Geeae. per pair.
(2@2 25; Goslings. $2@2 25; Ducks. $3 50<5ti 50
per dozen for old and $7@7 50 for ycung; Hens.
$4 50©5 50 for small and $5 50©6 SO for large;
vaiirvz Roosters. |5 6O@0; old Rccsters, |5Q5 SO;
• ST. LOUIS, Dec. 22,-wOOL-Nomlnal. Me
dium grades, combing and clothing 17(32le
wi h S ne^o£TJ* c; h :* vy imi^v&i
Territory: Idaho— FJna, Umi%c; flno me
dlum, 16®17c; ra«d^=j. -lSffllBe. Wyoming—
Fine. 1C®17c; fl.-ja rnad urn. ie®l7c- m^dhfnT
18tt©l»e. Utah a:.;l Nevflda^Fin.. U\tmS'
fine medium, 10%«17c: madlum, 19©2ols MoS'
™7" F ' n0 ChOlC?< ¦J£38? Ql P"* medium 'choice,
18©20c; averase. lS®19c; staple, 192200. me
dium cholcs. IP@20c. *u*va. me.
BOSTON. Dec. 22.-Buyers have taken over
large orders of wool In the market during the
last weok at flrm prices. Speculative demand
has be«n noticeable, although conditlono faver
higher values In the near future, in tha mar
ket for territory v.-ool» tho tone 1* firm with
a good demand In prc M . The tendency' | B to
hold for better prices. Tha demand for pulled
wools continued »teady and value, hold firm
Quotations:
Eastern Wool Market.
NEW YORK. Dec. 22. — To-day's stock mar
ket was only nominal, and the greater part of
the day was spent in Idleness by the brokers.
Many members lost hope .of any business and
betook themselves to cut-of-town points In an
ticipation of holiday enjoyment.' '.The most vig
orous efforts which the handful of floor traders
could muster had no success in listing prices,
and there was no urgent pressure to seli, with
the consequences that prices were inert. A
desultory speculation was kept up in the stocks
of the New York public utilities, but their ad
vances were but feebly held. Operations in
these etocks have been pretty constant ever
since the New York election. Talk of large
earnings accompanied the dealings, and in the
case of Consolidated Gas there are suggestions
of a satisfactory adjustment of claims against
the city for gas. There was some pressure
against Rock Island and affiliated securities of
a kind which developed last week when rumors
found arefptance cf a pending bond issue. On
the ether hand, some 01 the industrials are in
clmed to harden on thelassumption that money
will be available after New Year's to the rail
roads to pursue their equipment purchases
The heaviness of the London raw copper mar
ket may have caused the slight decline in
Amalgamated Copper after an early advance
in that stock. United States Steel preferred
was the subject o* the customary surmises as
to dividend possibilfUes, but fell Into profound
neglect with the rest of the market. Lacka
wanna reacted from its recent wide advance
which was due to talk of a distribution of sur
plus. The coalers generally were flrm on con
templation of results of a year of unexcropled
prosperity as a whole rather than on the Im
mediate outlook, which is somewhat clouded
The uncertainties of the Far Eastern war out
look are a repressive Influence on all the
world's markets, but local sentiment on the
subject reflects no acute apprehensions. There
has been eome unostentaxious bidding up of
stocks of a dormant class within the lsat few
days, which is obviously due to the fact that
no utock is brought out by the advanced bids
made. •
It does not escape notice that the higher
level of prices will cause a material Improve
ment in the showing of annual balance sheets
of many of the great financial Institutions
whose surplus accounts investm.nts were deep!
ly impaired. The improved showing thus
fchown is supposed to supply the motive for
advances In prices In stocks, especially where
V2nce Vere 8elll#B Pressure Is met on tbe ad
»&£ iifiX^ twaB duiu Totai -^"Sw
United States bondB were unchanged or call
NEW YORK STOCK LIST
Etocks— sales. High. Low. Closo
Atchison , 7,000 «7%' 67 ¦¦ kjZl
Atchlson pfd 255 017? 01%- feia?
Sen^nfwTersey ¦ 5& Jg*
Ches & Oblo. 300 .33 32tt ; aou
Chicago & Alton... r 100" 35 35 ; 34a?
cw & Alton pfd... ..... .... ;T i m
Chicago & Gt West ..... .... " t ioba
C&G.WBpfd -...¦'. .'."*. 27V
Chicago 4 N W... 515 167 166% : ltaaj
Chi Term & Trans. ..... V;.. : ....':»!*
Cbl T & T pfd-...., .200' '17% 17% : 17v!
CCC&StLoui .... f 75?
Colorado Southern. .'900-14% ¦ 13% ; law
Colo So 1st pfd.i.. 100 51% 51% ; 61
New York Stock Market.
The market for Beans remains as before.
Llmas and Pinks being nrm and the other de
scriptions quiet and easy. Continued dry
weather In the southern Lima district Is caus
ing talk of a short output next year.
BEANS— Bayos. $2 30#2 40; Pea, $3; But
ters. $3 25; small White. $2 8503; large White.
$2 4C@2 60; Pink. $2 65@2 SO; Red. $3 50; Lima.
$3<g3 10; Red Kidneys, $4@4 25: Blackeye, $20
2 15 per ctl: Horse Beans. $1 50@2.
SEEDS — Brown Mustard. $3: Yellow Mus
tard. $2 e5@2 80; Flax. $1 80@l 90; Canary,
54i5Wic for Eastern; Alfalfa, ll@14c; Rape,
I%(g2c; Timothy. C@«%c; Hemp, 3%@3%c per
lb; Millet, 3@3%c; Broom Corn Seed, $20@23
per ton.
DRIED PEAS — Green. Jl S0®2 per ctl. .
Beans and Seeds.
Iron closed at 40s in Glasgow and at 42s IWd
In Mlddlesboro. Locally Iron was unchanged
No. 1 foundry, -Northern, quoted at (15016*
No. 2 foundry. Northern. $14@ir>; No. 1 foun
foTt. SlTSi. 8nU N °; ' ' 0U %' Southern!
Coppor gained 2a Cd in. London to £50 15s for
spot and £50 7s Cd for futures. Locally copper
was dull and unchanged. Lake. $12 37%<ra
12 50; electrolytic, $12 25@12 50; casting
$12 12%@12 37%.
. Lead was lower in London, declining 2s 6d
but was steady here at ?4 37%
Spelter was steady at £21 7s 6d in London
and at ?5 in tho iocal marketf
NEW YORK. Dec. 22. — Tin was about 10s
lower in London, with spot closing at £121) end
futures at £130. while in New York the metal
was 25 points higher on the average with spot
quoted at $28 50.
Nczv York t Metal Market.
Most local dealers report a dull market for
cured Pork products and barreled goods at un
changed prlcee.
Chicago had quite a decline yesterday. Wires
to Bolton, de Ruyter &.Co. said: "The market
Is lower. Local receipts cf hog.* were a little
less than expected, and prices at the yards 5c
higher, but the market has had a sharp ad
vance of late and packers were rather free sell
ers, hoping probably to shake out sonte scat
tered holdings and produce a reaction In price.
The distributive demand Is good and we see
nothing to change the views we have held for
some time past, that provisions are worth the
meney and will ultimately sell higher."
CURED MEATS — Bacon. ll%c per lb for
heavy, 12c for light medium, 14c for light,
14'/ic for light extra. 18c for sugar-cured and
20c"for extra sugar-cured; Eastern sugar-cured
Hams, 14c: California Hams, 13%@13%c; Mesa
Beef, $11 50 per bbl: extra Mess, $12f?12 50;
Family, $l:$: prime Mess Pork. $17: extra clear,
$24; Mess $19; Dry Salted Pork. 12c; Pig Pork.
$28; Pigs' Feet. $5 25; Smoked Beef. 15c per lb.
LARD— Tierces quoted at 7%c per lb for
compound and 9c for pure; half-barrels, pure,
9%c; 10-lb tins, 9%c; 5-lb tins, O^c; 3-lb Una,
10c.
COTTOLENE— One half barrel. Sfte; three
half barrels, 8%c; one tlrece. 8%c; two tierces,
SVic; five tierces. 8%c per lb.
Provisions.
EASTERN MARKETS.
The pressure h»s risen slowly over the north
ern half of the Pacific Slope.' No rain has
fallen in California. \ '
The temperature has remained nearly sta
tionary on the Pacific Slope.
Light to heavy frosts will probably occur
Wednesday morning back from the coast.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight. December 23:
Northern California — Fair Wednesday; light
northerly winds.
Southern California — Fair Wednesday; light
to heavy frosts in the morning back from the
coast; light north winds.
Nevada — Fair Wednesday.
San Francisco and vicinity — Fair. Wednes
day; light northerly winds.
A. G. Me ADI E. District Forecaster.
¦WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
On Thursday the Government will open here,
and at Seattle. Tacoma and Portland bids for
5435 tons of Hay. The Hay market remains
about the same, receipts being ample- for all
needs. There Is little change in Feedstuffs.
though Bran and Shorts are lower. About- 5000
sacks of Bran came In from Oregon yesterday.
BRAN— $19@20 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— $26 50@28 50 per ton.
SHORTS— $WiR20 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS — Rolled Barley. $23@24 per
ton: Oil Cake Meal at the mill. $27@28 50;
Jobbing. $29@30: Cocoanut Cake, $21@22; Corn
Meal, $2S 50® 29 50; Cracked Corn. $29@30;
Mixed Feed, $22@23; Horse Beans, $30@40 per
HAY— Wheat. $13 50@16; Wheat and Oat.
$13(815 50; Oat, $12@14; Wild Oat, $11 50@
13 50; Barley, $12@13 50; Stock, nominal— none
here: Alfalfa. $10@12 50 per ton.
STRAW— 40® 60c per bale.
Ha\ and Feedstnffs.
CHICAGO, Dec. 22.— CATTLE — Receipts,
3000. Steady. Good to prime steers, $4 90®
5 75; poor to medium, $3 2r><57.{ SO; stockers and
feeders, $1 78®*; cows. $1 r>0ig:3 DO- heifers,
$2^3 75; canners, $1 50*g2 40; bulls, $2©4;
calves. $2©5 90.
HOGS — Receipts: To-day, 25,000; to-morrow,
35.C00. Light, slow; others Gc to 10c higher.
Mixed and butchers, $4 40@4 C5; good to choice
heavy, $4 50@4 75; rough heavy, $4 30©4 50;
light. $4 15®4 40; bulk of sales, $4 35@4 50.
SHEEP— Receipts. 14.0C0. Sheep, steady to
strone-; lambs, steady. Good to choice wethers
$3 00®4; fair to choice mixed. $2 75@3 50;
Western sheep, $2 35® : 75; native lambs, Sl@
5 70; Western lambs, $3 75@5 50. •
Ch icago L ivestock Market.
-'•¦. .-• Liverpool:
Wheat — ¦ ¦ Dec. March. May.
Opening « 4% 0 3%
Closing . 0 4% .0 3%
PARIS.
Wheat — . Dec. Mar. -June.
Opening 21 40 21 20
; Closing 21 55 21 15
FiourT—
Opening 28.85 28 35
Closing 28 60 2S 30
Foreign Futures.
- a ¦ 2 x3 2? t
0 <t i a- -? <- n
1 =3 33 t± H g
STATIONS.. & 1| |1 ?" ff
: S c : : §
: ? ? : : :
Baker 30. 2S 36 22 E Clear .04
Carson 30.26 44 20 W Pt.CIdy .04
Eureka 30.38 52 SS N Pt.CIdy .00
Farallon 30.22 54 52 N Clear .00
Fresno 30.22 50 34 N Pt.CIdy .00
Flagstaff .-50.00 50 14 SW Clear • .00
Pocatello 30.20 34 24 W Snow T.
Point Rryes..a0.17 " 57 47 - SW Clear .00
Independence 30.06 58 2S SE Clear JO
Los Angeles.. 30. 06 OS 40 SW Clear .00
Mt Tamalpais.30.23 52 42 N Clear .00
Phoenix 30.00 «>6 34 W Pt.CIdy .00
Portland 30.38 62 46 W Cloudy .04
Red Bluff 30.24 © 41 N Clear .CO
Roseburg ....30.42 50 30 NW Cloudy .00
Sacramento . .30.24 50 .'18 E Clear .00
Salt Lake 30.14 38 28 NE Cloudy .00
San Franci?co.30.24 58 46 N Clear .00
S. L Obispo.. 30. 14 C4 52 N Clear .00
San Diego 30.06 62 4S SW Clear .00
Seattle 30.40 48 40 E Pt.CIdy .42
Spokane ".0.22 38 ."6 W Cloudy .08
Tatoosh 30.36 50 44 W Cloudy .34
Walla Walla.. 30. 24 4{> 42 W Pt.CIdy .24
Winnemucca .30.2S 38 18 SW Clear .CO
Yuma 30.00 70 44 N Clear .00
The millers continue to report a very fair de
mand for Flour and mill products at un
changed quotatlo.ne,, r . ,r ¦i.i - , > .
• FLOUR— Californ/a' Family Extras, '$4 60@
4 h\ usual-terms;' Bakers' Extras. $4 50@4 60;
Oregon and Washington, $3 90©4 20 per bbl for
Fanilly and $3 90<?i4 40 for Bakers'. vx
¦MILLSTUFFS — Prices in packages are- as
follows:-- Graham Flour. $3 25 -per 100 lbs;
Rye Flour. $3.25; Rye Meal. $3: Rice Flour.
$7; Corn Meal,' $3 25; extra cream do, $4; Oat
Greats, $4 50; Hominy, $4 04 25; Buckwheat
Flour, $4 50@4 75; Cracked Wheat. $3 75; Fa
rina. $4 50; Whole Wheat Flour, $3 50; Rolled
Oats. bbls. $7 25@8 60; in sacks, $G 76@8 10;
Pearl Barley, $ti: Split Peas, boxes, $7; Green
Peas, $5 50 per 100 lbs. >
Flour and Millstuffs.
The weather during the week was warm
and clear in the daytime, with cool nights and
frequent froFt». At Poway a minimum tem
perature of 26 derreee was recorded on- the
17th. With the exception of a light shower
in San Diego; no rain fell during the week.
Orchard* are being freely Irrigated and the
water funply 1» becoming very low in some
jilaces. The recent dry winds and the cool
T.-eather have materially checked th* develop
ment of oranges and very little of- the fruit Is
being picked. Rairine. email' fruits, citrus
fruits end vegetables are being shipped from
F.-.R Diego. Fanning operations are almost eus
pended owing to the long-continued dry
weather.
L«» Angeles Summary— Sprinkling rain In
SOUTHERN CALIFORNIA.
Generally Hear and cool weather prevailed
during the week, with itght rain on Thursday
averaging nearly half an inch in' the northern
f ection of the valley and only a few hundredlhs
1n the southern. Green feed was greatly bene
fited by the rain and Is plentiful in the north
ern portion of the valley, but feearce In the
fouthern. Stock Is healthy, but thin, in 4he
southern counties. Plowing and seedlnr are
progressing raploly In the central and northern
portion*, but In the south, wher*- the rainfall
has been light, farm work le backward Early
town train In the northern portion Is up and
making rood rro*'th. Pruning orchards and
vines is progressing. Orange shipments con
tinue and the fruit is of excellent quality
Heavy fronts occurred on . several dates, but
no damaire has beeTj reported.
Cloudy and fogey weather prevailed most of
the week ar.d the temperature was nearly nor
mal. Lieht rain fell in portions of the south
ern section and heavy rain in the central and
northern Bectfem. ranging from 1.54 Inches at
Vacaville to 4 75 Inches et Pearhland for the
wertc. At Healdeburg the rainfall for the
reason amounts to nearly twenty Inch**.
Plowing and «=«vijn K are progressing, though
romewhat rrtard'-d in the northern districts by
the heavy rain and made 'Hffieult In the i«outh
fcy the ars~nriv of the soil. A rood acreage
of grain ha* been »e<»dwj and trill be Increased
with favorable cnnfliUnns. Feed 1s making
flow growth In the south, but is abundant
end of rood quality in other sections. Early
fown grain Is making good growth Jn most
places. I^anre shipment* of celery are being
tnade from Mayfleld.
SAN JOAQUIN VALLEY.
The weather during the week wae generally
cloudy with considerable rain and the temper
ature vat nearly normal. The ratn was quite
be.neflcia.1, tbouch not especially needed.
Plowing and seeding were somewhat retarded
fcy 'he heavy rainfall in some f=ection«, but
the work Is well und^r way and a large acre
age of wheat ar.d barley is being seeded. Early
¦otra craln continues in first-class condition
end is making satisfactory growth. Green feed
ir abundant In all sections and stock Is gain
ing rapidlv. The acreage of strawberries and
Tokey grs"pee Is befng lately Increased in the
vicinity of Sacramento and planting is now In
progrem. Orange picking continues and large
f r.lpmc-nte are being made for the • holiday
trade. Pruning is progressing In vineyards and
orchard*.
COAPT AND BAY SECTIONS.
SACRAMENTO VALLEY
In the northern districts the heavy rainfall
causefi a temporary suspension of farming op
eraticriB. but plowing and seeding are well un
der way and a large acreage of wheat, oats
end barley ha» elrea.<3y been planted. Early
eewn grain continues In excellent condition
and 1* growing rapidly. Green feed is abun
fiar.t ar.3 of good quality and stock are doing
well. In the southern districts the scarcity
cf rein ar.d drying winds have materially re
tarded farm work and plowing and eeeding
•.re very backward. Green feed Is scarce and
ecttle are In poor condition. The long-con
tln-jei dry weather in Southern California has
necessitated a liberal use of irrigation water,
which Is now failing in some places. With
the> exception of about one-half inch of rain
Inl September and light sprinkles 6ince, there
fca* been no rainfall In Southern California
tiuring the season.
The fieveiopment of Southern California
©ranges has be»n greatly checked by the re
cent fcirrn winds and cool nights and picking
r-as been partially suspended. In the Oroville
and Porttrville districts the orange crop is
being rapidly picked and shipped. Orchards
end vineyards are in pood condition in most
pi&ces and pruning is in progress.
The temperature was nearly normal through
rut the State during the week. Clear weather
prevailed in the southern st-ction and cloudy
cr foggy weather in the central and northern
#ectlcns. Light showers fell In portion* of the
•outh and heavy rain !n nearly all places from
San. Frar.clfco northward. the precipitation
rar.glr^ frcm 1.50 to 4.75 inches for the week.
LlRt.t frcst» were frequent in the Interior, but
caused nn darcaee.
The weekly report of A. C. McAdie, section
director of the climate and crop service of
the Weather Bureau, is as follows:
GENERAL SUMMARY.
The Weather and Crops.
Late mail advices from New York say:
"Coast advices reported excited and higher
markets, the latest prices quoted showing
*har? advances. Sonomas at the close being
«j'jot«d as h!ch as 24c and choice Oregons as
high as ".'5c. Ae a result of the heavy buying
of the pert few days etocks In growers' hands
on the coaft have oetn sharply reduced and
their holdings In Oregon are now reported as
not in excess of 8000 bales. Considerable busi
ness wee reported transacted, but particulars
were not given. It was learned that in Cali
fornia sales were made of K00 bales Sacra
mpntos, Russian Rivers and Sonomas. Prices
paid included 20^21 Vjc for Sacramentos and
22@23c fcr Sonoaias. Advices from up the'
State continued to rerjort strong markets, and
:t was- learned that additional large sales
were made, in Franklin County. The Hardy
crop, cmounting to 144 bales, was taken by a
prominent N>w York house that has been a
fr«N> buyer of State hois for the nast few
<5eyE, an'l it was learned that the price paid
r«i txtter than 31c. The local market ecn
tinued to shew r Ktror.g urK^Ttw.e. Brewers"
continued grood buyers am?- they raid full
market prices. London ccble aijvices reported
& ttror.e market, with i-rices tending upward.
The G*rman rxarket was reported firm at an
advance."
New York Hop Market.
AH quotations remain about as before. There
Is a little something doing in Fruits for Europe,
but the Eastern demand is flat. Nuts are
quiet. Raisins and Prunes are still in good
supply and dull, but stocks of other Fruits are
reduced to a low point, with the possible ex
ception of Apples, which are in fair supply.
Supplies of Peaches are about one-half of what
they were at thia time last year. Pears are
closely cleaned up. ~
Honey is dull, offerings being neglected.
Prices are unchanged.
FRUIT— Ajricots, 7@0c for Royals and 9@
lie for-Moorpaiks; Evaporated Apples, 4«5%c;
sun-dried, 3%'glc; Peaches. 4%@0%c; Pears,
6@10c: Nectarines, 4@5%c; Figs, white, 4(31% c
in boxes; black, 4%c; Plums, pitted. 6<gt>c per
pound. '
PRUNES— 1903 crop, 2%®2%c for the four
sizes.
KAISINS^-F. o, b. prices. -Fresno, for 1903
crop: 50-lb boxes — Loose Muscatel, 2-crown,
5%c per lb; 3-crown. 5%c; 4-crown. 6%c; Seed
less Muscaters, . 4%c; do. floated, 4%c; un
bleached Sultanas," 4 %c; Thompson's- Seedless.
5%c. London Layers — 2-crown. $1 23; 3-crown,
$1 35; 4-crown clusters. $2; 5-crown Dehesas,
$2 50; 6-crown Imperials, $3; Malaga Loose,. 2
crown, 5c per lb; do 3-crown, 5?»c; Valencia
Cured, 4%c; Pacific, do, 3%c; Oriental, do.
2%c. Seeded Raisins — 16-oz. packages, fancy,
Se per lb; choice, 7%c: 12-oz. packages, fancy,
G%c; choice, 6%c; in bulk, fancy. 7%c; choice,
NUTS — Walnuts, No. 1 softshell, 1.1%@14c;
No. 2, ll%'f?12c; No. 1 hardshell, 13®13%c;
No.- 2. llrgll%c; Almonds, -lie for Nonpareils,
10%c for I X~L. 10%c for Ne Plus Ultra and
8%c for Languedoc; Peanuts. 6@7c for Eastern;
Pecans, ll@13c; Cocoanuts. $4 50@5; Chest
nuts. SJflOc per lb.
HONEY — Comb. 10@12c for white and S%®
Otic 'for amber; water white extracted. 5@5%c;
lig'ht amber extracted. 4U(g5c; dark, 3%@4c.
BEESWAX— 27@29c per lb.
Dried Fruits,Nuts,Raisins, Honey
Cash quotations were as follows: Flour;
dull and easy: No. 2 spring wheat. 78(gS3c; No.
3, SOc; No 2 rcl. 82%<a$«p: No. 2 corn, 41%c;
No. 2 Yellow. 43%c; No. 2 oats, 37c; No. 3
white, 34 ""i <£•'{" ?4e; No. 2 rye, 52%c; good feed-
Ing barley, .'53i<joti%c: choice malting, |3S'52e;
No. 1 flasseed, 03c; prime timothy seed; $2 90;
mes3 pork," per barrel, $11 751fll 87%; lard,
per 1C0 pounds. $6 4."i?i6 50; /hort ribs sides
(loose) $6@*6 25; short clear sides (boxed), 56 25
@<5 37%; whisky, basis of high wines, $1 27;
clover, contract grade, $11 25.
Articles — Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels 25,800 6.9C0
Wheat, bushels 72.200 18,400
Corn, bushels 47,200 72.500
Oats, bushels 177,600 101,000
Rye. bushels •. 1.900 11,600
Barley, bushels 70,300 16,900
On the Produce Exchange to-day the butter
market was easy. Creamery,- lU@23c; dairy,
]4@21e. Eggs, weaker nt mark, cases Included,
26®'27%c. Cheese, steady, 10%c. ' "
Last This Last
Stations — 24 hours, reason. Season.
Eureka 0.00 17.28 19.81
Red Bluff 0.00 11.81 12.02
Sacramento 0.00 4.43 5.30
San Francisco O.00 6.02 5.13
Fresno 0.(0 0.88 3.13
Independence 0.00 0.42 0.8*5
San Luis Obispo 0.00 0.82 4.98
Los Angeles 0.00 0.43 4.97
San Diego 0.00 • 0.40 6.09
(I20th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO. Dec. 22. 5 p. m.
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to
date as compared with those of same date
last season and rainfall in last twenty-four
hours :
Weather Report.
The following retail pricen for meats are
quoted by the Retail Butchers' Protective A«
«oclatlcn:
BEEF — Prime Roa«t, 15glSc; Porterhouse
EtesJc. 18®22%c; Tenderloin Steak. 15@18c: Sir
loin Steak. 12%@15c: Top Rcund Steak. 12%c;
B«ef Stew, 10c; Corn Beef, ggiOc; Soup Bones,
*c; Soup Meat, 5610c.
VEAL. — Lcin Roast. 15^2Ac; Shoulder Roast,
12%@15c; Chors and Cutlet?, ISCRSOe; Stew,
ir%©15c.
MUTTON— Leg, 12%gl5c; Forequarter, S@
10c; Etew. 8310c; Prim? Chop*, 12%gl8c.
LAMB — Leg, 20c; Forecuarter. 12%S15c;
KJndqaarter, 1S©2<V; Shoulder Roast. 1OQ
12%c; Chops. lS@18c.
PORK— Roast. 12%glSc; Chops. 15gl8c.
These prices do not cover the cheaper grade?,
as It is impossible to Quote regular price* en
thrm.
Retail Meat Prices.
some places Friday: otherwise drousht con
tinues. Nothing reported suffering except dry
ranches in the back country. Mornings cool,
with frost. Full irrigation continues.
Eureka Summary — Some places report fall
grain never looked better. Plowing continues
and some seeding on high lands. Green feed
Is abundant and stock in good condition.
Three-fifths of the apple crop is shipped.
Articles — Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2—
December ?0% 80% 79% 80%
May .83 S3 82% 82?4
July' 77% 77% 77% 77%
Corn No. 2 — ,
December 41% 41% 41- 41%
May 43% 43% .43% 43%
July 43% 43% 43% 43%
Oats No. 2 —
December 35 35 34% 34%
May...: 37% 37% 36% 37
July 34% 34% 34 34
Mess Pork, per bhl —
January .......11 77% 11 77% 11 62% 11 62%
May - 12 22% 12 30 12 02% 12 05
Lard, per ICO lbs —
January 6 52% 6 55. 6 45 6 45
May 6 75 0 77% 6 C5 6 67%
Short Ribs, per 100 lbs—
January C 25 C 25 6 12%/ 6 12%
May ...: 6 47% 6 50 C 37% 6 40
General Merchandise.
BAGS— Grain Bags. r>ar>%c; San Qu«nfn.
5.15c: Wool Bags. 82Q33e; Fleece Twine. 7%t#
8c.
1 CANNED FRUITS — The Califonia Fuit
j Canners' Association quotes the following prica
i list :
t ) r. -n n
FRUITS. SI \i \ »
F r I ]
Apples .' $1 55$1 SOlfi 20[$l 10
Apricots I 1331 1 25 (
Blackberries 1 «>i 1 40| 1 30 1 2O
(Cherries R. A 2 15| 1 9<M 1 70 1 4t>
. Cherries, white I 1 75! 1 60 1 35
! Cherries, black..; 2 001 1 75| 1 60| 1 S5
I Grapes 135 120 \ 101 1 ©O
! Yellow Fre? Peaches 1 40 | ...»
1 Lemon Cling Peaches... 1 W» 1 60 1 30i 1 29
I roars 2 00 1 7£ I ....
I Plums I 1 35] 1 15| 1 M 85
! Raspberries I 2 MI 2 25! 2 101 1 90
¦Strawberries | 2 00| 1 75| 1 601 1 40
CANNED VEGETABLES— Tomatoes. 2%-lb
standard S2%!SS5c; Green Ppasi — Baby petita
poig. $1 50; petlts pois. $1 35; rxtra sift?d.
j $1 15; standard sifted. $1; atandar-ia. 85c;
marrowfats. S2%c: gallon, sifted. $4 25; gal
lon, standard $3 75.
COAL— Wellington. $S per ton; New Wel
lington. $8: Seattle $0 50- Bryant. $6 50; Bea
! ver Hill $5 50; Standard. $7: Roslyn. $7:
ICoos Bay $5 50; Greta. ?7: Wallaend. $7; Rich.
j mond $7 50: Cumberland. $13 In bulk and
j $14 25 in sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite Ess.
$14; Welsh Anthracite Egg. $13: Welsh Lump.
j $11 50; Cannel. $S 50 ptr ton; Coke, $11 500
j 13 per ton In bulk and $15 in sacks; Rocky
Mountain dencrlptions. $11 45 per 2000 lbs and
$12 SO per long ton. according to brand.
PACIFIC CODFISH— Pricea are %9%o
higher all around. Bundles, per lb. 4c: casea.
regular 4%c; cases, extra large. 5c: Eastern
style. $6; boneless 5%c; •"Norway." 5%c;
"Narrow Gauge." 5%c; "Silver King." 7c:
' blocks. "Oriental." 5%c; blocks, "Seabright."
; 6c- tabletst 6%c; middles. 6%@7%c; fancy
•¦ boneless. 8%@!>%c: pickled Cod. bbls. $7 75;
! pickled Cod. half bbls. $4 50.
CORDAGE — The local company quotes a.%
J follows 60 days or % p<»r cent discount for
cash, no sales under 10.000 Ibw. Manila. 14%.c;
Sisal 10%c: Duplex 9%c; Bale Rope. 10fc9
10 %c per lb.
COFFEE— Costa Rica. 13@15%c for strictly
prime to fancy washed; 1231.5c for prim*
washed; ll@13%c for good washed: 10%«!2%o
for good to prime washed peaberry; 9@10%c
for good to prime peaberry: 9%@llc for gcod
to prime; S'OJOc for fair; 5@7V.jc for common t»
! ordinary.
Salvador — ll%@ir;c nominal for strictly
' prime washed: 9%4211%c for good to prima
I washed: 8%S9%c for fair washed; flVa-gUlc for
'¦ fair to prime washed peaberry; 8%'89%c far
I good to prime semt-waahed; S'.ifiS^c for s»
1 perior unwashed; 7%@8o for good gre«n un-
I washed: 8®9c for good to superior unwashed
! peaberry; 5^7c for inferior to ordinary.
I Nicaragua — I2%1213%c nominal for prime to
' fancy washed; 8%'iJ10%c nominal for fair to
! strictly good washed; 7-"h@8 i <4C for good to su
! perior unwashed; 8%@S%c for good to prim*
ucwashed pcaberry.
Guatemala and Mexican — 14%@J5%e nominal
for fancy washed: 12% ( S13%c for prime to
strictly prime washed: 10%<©U%c for strictly
I good washed: 10©10%c for good washed. 8%4?
! 9%c for fair washed; 7@8 ; 4«<: for medium:
I 5U(?«!6 :t ic for inferior to ordinary; 9',i3H%o
| for fair to prime washed peaberry; 8%©0Vio
i for good to prime unwashed peaberry; NjtOc
j nominal for good to superior unwashed; CQSVic
! for. a?ii-damaged.
LEATHER — Sole, heavy. 20<p32c: «xtr»
i heavy. 3C©10c per lb; medium. 27tj?29c: light.
: 24,i*2«5c; ~ "Rough Leather. 2&U2Sc: Harness
! Leather heavy 35®39c for No. 1 and :\0>n:i5o
¦ for No.'- 2; medium. 30@37c; light. 29@35c;
1 Skirting. No. 1. 40^42c: No. 2. 3Ci338c: Coi
! lar Leather 15<JJlCc per foot: Trace Leather. 40
! Q+Jc; Kip unfinished. 40<a50c per lb; Veal,
finished. 5(M?tS0c per lb: Calf, finished. Cx-ii.il
' per lb; Wax sides lG.-aiTc per foot; Belt Knifa
' Splits 14<alCc: Rough Splits 8#10c per lb.
TANBARK— Ground. $20<8j52S per ton; stlcJc.
?1.YVaIS per cord.
OILS — Quotations are for barrels; for caspa.
i add 5c. Linseed. 45c per gallon for boiled and
43c for raw; Castor Oil. In cases. No. 1. 70c;
Bakers' AA. $1 10<31 12; Lucol. 44o for boiled,
and 42c for raw; China Nut. 551J70c per gallon;
Cocoanut Oil. in barrels. 58c for Ceylon and 53a
for Australian: extra bleached winter Sperm
' Oil 80c: natural winter Sperm Oil. 75c; extra
bleached winter Whale Oil. 65c; natural Wba!«
011 60c; extra winter strained Lard Oil, 85c;
No." 1 Lard OH. 75c; pure Neatsfoot Oil. 7.">c;
No 1 Neatsfoot Oil. 65c; light Herring Oil. 45c;
dark Herring Oil 43c: Salmon Oil. 38c: boiled
Fish Oil 40c; raw Fish Oil. 38c; boiled Paint
Oil 35c;' raw Paint Oil. 33c.
COAL OIL — Water White Coal Oil In balk.
15%c- Pearl Oil In cases. 22c: Astra!. 22c;
Star. 22c; Extra. Star. 2ttc: Elaine, 23c; Eocene.
25c; deodorized Stove Ga.<io!!ne, In bulk. 17c;
In cases 23%c; Benzine, in bulk. 13c; Jn cases.
l'JVjc; 8C-degree Gasoline. In bulk. 21c; In
cases 27%c.
TURPENTINi: — 80c per gallon in cases and
74c In drums and iron barrels.
RED AND WHITE LEAtV-Red X*ad. 6%^
7c per lb; White Lead. 6%Q7c. according to
quantity. .
QUICKSILVER— $43 60©45 for local too and
$42 50(^43 50 per flask for export.
SALT— Tb« Amalgamated Salt Company
quotaa as follows; Genuine Liverpool. $12 50 yf
16: Bales, common. $1 65; Dairy, per ton,
S12 SO- Half Ground. $9 73»10 25; Rock Salt.
SS 5009 75; Imitation Liverpool. $12 30&13 25;
Granulated. $12 5'«ii:l 25 per too.
SUGAR — The Western Sugar Reflnln? Com
pany quotes as follows, per Yt>. In ICO-tb ban:
Cubes A Crushed and Fine Crushed. 8.C5c:
Powdered. 5.50c; Candy Granulated. 5.50c; Dry
Granulated fine. 5.40c: Dry Granulated, coars©,
5.40c; Fruit Granulated. 5.40c; Beet Granu
lated aOO-lb bag-j only). 5.20c; Confectioners'
A. 5.40c; Magnolia A. Ec; Extra C. 4.9Cc;
Golden C 4.S0c; "D." 4.70c; barrels. 10c more;
half barrels. 25c more; boxes. 60c more; 5O-1I>
bags, 10c more for all kinds. Tablets — Half
barrels. 5.90c: boxes. 6.15c; H. & E. Crystal
Dominos. 8.40c per lb. No orders taken for
lees than seventy-flye barrels or its equivalent.
LUMBER— P*.ne. ordinary sizes. $1S<819: ex
tra sizes higher; Redwood. $19023: Lath 4
feet $3 9004: Picket*. $19®26; Shingles. $2 for
No "l and $1 50 for No. 2: Shakes. $13 for split
and $14 for sawn; Rustic. $25@33.
CITRUS FRUITS — Navel Oranges. $1 73@
2 50 per box for fancy. $1 25@1 50 for choice
and 75c@$l 25 for standards; Seedlings. 7ricfg?l;
Tangerines. $1 25 for half boxes and 75c^$l for
quarter boxes; Japanese Mandarins. $1@1 50
fOr half boxes: Lemons. $1@2 per box: Grape
Fruit $2<g3 60; Mexican Limes. $1@4 50; Ba
r.anas". ?1@2 per bunch for Hawaiian and $2®3
for. Central American; Pineapples. $2@3 50 per
dozen.
CRANBERRtES— Cape Cod. $14@16 per bbl.
APPLES— Fancy Spitzenbergs. $1 75^2 per
box; other varieties, $1 25@1 50 for fancy. 75t?
00c for choice and 25® 50c for common; Christ
mas Apples, Jl 50(32.
PEARS— Winter Nellis from cold storage.
$1 50® 2 per box.
QUINCES — 4O@6Oc per box.
PERSIMMONS— 50c<g$l per box.
The few Cranberries left on hand are meeting
with a brisk inquiry at steady quotations. A
few small consignments of. Jerseys, about 52
barrels in all,- were received from Portland,
Or- and were offering at $14@15 per barrel.
All lines of fresh fruits showed a little more
activity than* on the preceding day.' Local
dealers were purchasing rather freely for the
holiday trade and there was some little inquiry
for shipment to nearby markets. The Orange
market is In fair shape, considering the heavy
supplies on hand, and as receipts are decreas
ing and there will be no more auctions this
week the market has a chance to cl»*n up.
Another sale of highly colored Navels from
Butte County was reported for shipment to
Los Angeles, which makes It apparent that the
fruit in that section has not yet fully ripened,
owing to the drouth and cold weather there.
Cheap and medium grades of Apples were In
clined to easiness, while fancy stock was in
good demand and firm. Stocks of Quinces and
Persimmons were light and prices were un
changed. Winter Nellis Pears were offering
in limited quantities and were in fair request
at the previously quoted rates. The market
is heavily supplied with Bananas, but prices
are no lower, owing to the high prices at ship
ping points.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
2 p. m. Session. . »
May— $1 04%.
OATS — The situation remains unchanged.
Holders are firm, and report a satisfactory de
mand. On Thursday the Government will open
bids here and at Seattle, Tacoma and Portland
for 4320 tons. ¦ . ,
White, $1 22%@1 25 for California and»$l 27%
fi-1 35 for Northern;' Black. $1 45^1 65; Red,
$1 20@l 32% for feed and $1 25@1 35 for seed;
Gray, $1 32%.
CORN — The market continues In good shape
for sellers, being lightly supplied, with the
millers steady buyers. Quotations are firm.
Western sacked. $1 32% for Yellow. $1 32%
for White and $1 27% for Mixed: California
large Yellow. $1 32%; small round do, $1 40@
1 50: White, $1 35 per ctl.
RYE— Is still neglected at $1 25@1 30 per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— $1 75@2 per ctl.
Open. High. Low. Clos^.
December ...$l 11% $1 11% $1 11% $1 lf%
FUTURES.
Session 9 to 11:30 a. m.
Feed. $1 06%@l 11%; Shipping and Brewing,
$1 15@1 20; Chevalier, $1 20@l 45 for fair to
choice.
CASH BARLEY.
Open. High. Low. Close.
May ..$135% $135% $135% $135%
2 p. m. Session.
May— $1 35%.
BARLEY— Futures were firm, but the cash
grain was easy, with some very good lines
Felling down to $1 07%. Some holders hung
out for $1 12%. but did not get It. Consider
able grain Is now being delivered on December
contracts.
Scwslon 9 to 11 :30 a. m.
FUTURES.
WHEAT FREIGHTS— Spot business contin
ues very quiet and rates are more or less noml
ral at lls 3d and 13s 9d, usual European op
tions. The chartered Wheat fleet in port has a
registered tonnage of 18.275. against 39,540
tons on the same date last year; disengaged.
91,620 tons, against 58,650; on the way to this
rort. 189,140 tons, against 202.000 on the same
date last year.
WHEAT— A good many foreign crop reports
were received yesterday as follows: • Argentina,
favorable weather continues; India, prospects
very favorable; France, weather too wet; Ger
many, Italy, Hungary. Roumania and Bulga
ria, condition of crop satisfactory, but the
weather unseasonably cold; Russia, weather
cold; Australia and New Zealand, total sur
plus Wheat in the two countries available for
export. 4S,00O,OO0i bushels, which Is by far the
record crop, the best previous total being a gross
crop of 56.010,000 bushels in 1901, with an av
erage for the past five years of 48,366,000 bush
els.
Argentina offered freely at Antwerp. Brad
street's gave the world's visible supply a de
crease of 702,009 bushels.
Chicago showed no change. Minneapolis re
ported the :cash demand slow, with the mills
out of the market and the elevator the only
buyers.
There was no change In this market, either
in cash grain or futures. Business continues
quiet. . •-
CASH WHEAT. ~
California Club. $1 37%@1 40; California.
White Australia. $150@152%; Northern Club,
$1 40@l 41%; Northern Bluestem, $1 60@l 51%;
Oregon Valley, $1 40.
Wheat and Other Grains.
SnEEP— Wethers. 3%@4c; Ewes. 3<4®3$a«
per lb (gross wrigtt).
LAMBS — IU-55e per lb.
HOGS — Live Hogs. 14l> to ISO lbs. 5%c: over
ISO lbs. 5c; sows. 20 per cent off; Boars. 50 per
cent off. and Stags. 40 per cent oft from abova
quotations.
Shipment of $16,323 in specie to Hongkong.
AYir York Stocks easy, without much variation.
Local Securities still very dull.
Silver makes a sharp advance. Sterling Exchange lower.
New York telegraphic Exchange higher.
Wheat steady, with freights tozu and tonnage plentiful.
Barley dull and slightly lower.
Government opens bids for Oats* and Hay to-morrozv.
Bran and Shorts weaker. Other Feedstuff s unchanged.
Flour and Millstuffs in fair demand.
Beans quiet, with drought in the Lima district.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs still settling toward lower prices.
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins about as before quoted.
Provisions quiet here and lower at Chicago.
Rather more inquiry for Wool reported. Hides quiet.
Hops in active demand at firm quotations.
Not much change in Cattle, Sheep and Hogs.
Pacific Codfish advanced l A©y 2 c per lb.
Oranges ripening very slowly in the south.
Cranberries rapidly cleaning up at good prices.
Fresh Fruits in active demand for the holidays.
Very little change in Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
Poultry active and generally higher. Game about as before.
Turkeys in very fair supply, with prices abovk the normal.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.,
The Doric took out for Hongkong a treasure
list of $16,323. consisting of $12.96S In Mexican
dollars. $3225 In gold coin and $130 In gold
Sterling Exchange, sixty daya — $4 81%
Sterling Exchange, eight — * 85
Sterling Exchange, cables — 4 86
New York Exchange, sight........ — 05
New York Exchange, telegraphic. — 10
Silver, per ounce — ,'•
Mexican Dollars, nominal — *3
Silver advanced sharply %c. New York tele
grams were higher, but Sterling Exchange was
lower.
Exchange and Bullion.
rMTPAGO Dec 22. — Interest lagged In the
whe"t pit and trading assumed a holiday dull
ness The news of the day was bearish. Re
ceipt's in the Southwest were much larger,
the weather in Argentina was better and har
vesting is progressing favorably while EngUih
markets were, lower. Receipts In the North
west were also large, being about one hundred
cars more than a year ago. With all these
factors to depress it. the market, however, held
up remarkably well and prices showed \ery
small recessions. \ •
The opening was steady, with May unchanged
to %c, higher at 82%c to 83c. Shorts were still
somewhat concerned in regard to the situation
in the Far East and bought quite freely at the
start Offerings were rather limited and dur
ing the first hour May ranged within a quarter
cent. Extremely heavy receipts in the South
west Induced considerable selling by pit traders
later in the session and the market became
easier. May going down to 82%c. Active cov
ering by shcrts however, checked tne decline
and caused a eKgnt rally. A steady tone pre
vailed at the close and final figure* on May
were at S2%c, with a loss of %c for the day.
Buying on small- declines by a prominent
commission house was the only important fea
ture in trading in corn. Local traders were
bullish anfl offerings from this source were ex
ceedingly light. The country movement con
tinued light in spite of fine weather, there be
ing no offerings from anywhere except Illinois,
and they -were very moderate. There- was a
little selling for outside account, but prices
showed only small changes. The close was
steady, with May unchanged at 43%c, after
opening unchanged to %c lower at 43%c to
43%c and selling between 43%c and 43%c.
Oats shared in the general dullness and an
easier tone prevailed, although there was llttlo
change in. prices. .Locals traders were not in
clined to sell, owing to* the impression that the
principal long interest had added to its hold
ings and what little offerings there were on
the market came largely from scalpers. After
selling between 36%c and 37%c May closed at
37c. The opening was unchanged to a shade
higher at 37<&37%c to 37%c.
Trading in provisions by brokers for Eng
lish houses resulted in a weak market, with
pork ' showing the greatest loss. The early
market was firm In sympathy with a slight
advance in prices at the yards. May pork
clcsed 15@17%c lower, lard "7%c lower and
ribs off 6©7%c.
The leading futures ranged as follows: . ,
Chicago Grain Market.
Colo So 2d pf d .' . . . - 22
Dela & Hudson 300 163 H 164 103*4
Del Lack & West.. 400 261% 260 260
Denver & Rio Gr 2O»4
Den & Rio Gr pfd.. 100 71 71 ilVi
Erie 5,000 29% 29& 29U
Erie 1st pfd. 1 180 (58 6S «7»;
Eri* 2d pfd 1,800 50% 50^ 50
Gt Northern pfd 100
Hocking Valley . . 71
Hocking Val pfd...' 84
Illinois Central 1,014 130 129% 129%
Iowa Central 19&
Iowa Central pfd .... .... 38
K C Southern .., 18
K C Southern pfd 34
Loulsv & Nashv... 800 106% 106% 106
Manhattan L 4,100- 142% 141% 141%
Metropol Street Ry 1,660. 123% 122% 122%
Minn & St Louis 60
Missouri Pacific .. 8,040 91 83% 93%
M15 Kana & Texas. ¦ 1'%
M K & T pfd 38%
N R R of Mex pfd f.00 36% 36% 36%
N Y Central....... K50 119 118H 119%
Norfolk & Weft... 1.100 57^4 &? r ' 6l >+
Nor & West pfd §5
Nor Securities S-S%
Ontario & West... 1.700 22% 22 21%
Pennsylvania 17,000 HSVi 117% 11 1%
P C C & St Lauls.. 60 ,
Reading 4,950 46 45 '45%
Reading 1st pfd ....'-¦ >>
Reading 2d pfd «°,
Rock Island 31.910 24% 23 23
Rork Island pfd... 1.768' 60% WV* 53»4
St L & S F 1st pfd • -. ¦¦•¦ 00
St L & S F 2d pfd. 700 41 40% 40%
St Louis S W...... 1OP 13% 13% 13 Vi
I! R . w . p ":: 2 ;i6o 142% i«u &
St Paul pfd 200 172 172 • 172
Southern Pacific .. 4,620 48V* -" - 4« % *'%
Southern Railway.. 700 .20% 20% 20%
Southern Ry rfd •••• i]J*
Texas & Pacific... 600 25 24% 2i%
Tol St L & West.. 600 22 22 21%
TStL&Wpfd... U0 34% 34% 34%
Union Pacific ..... 7.070" 78% 78% 78%
Waba n f h aClfiC P>d :: ~A& i9% i6« fSw
WabtshpVd ...... 500 37,. 36% 36^
Wheel & Lake Erie ..••• ¦••• •••• ,> J"£|
Wisconsin Central. 500 16% 16% 16%
Wi? Central pfd... *?
Express Companies — . . . .
Adams ••• ..... ..... ..... '
American • mil*.
United States .'.. ..... 101*1
Wells-Fargo .-•• 1
Miscellaneous— . „ 4714 •
Am C and F pfd .;-.••% °' ,
Am Lins-ed Oil ¦••
is, £Ss:: » i | || $
JS %?J"A: .IS 3P »J is
Anaconda Min Co ¦-•• •;•;;. ir.,
Brooklyn Rap Tr. . 29.800 51 % . . 50^ - 51%
Col Fuel and Iron. 100 2«V4 20% • 2t,
Col & Hock Coal.. 700 -18 - V.14% 14%
Consolidated Gas 2.R0O 192% 191 1 -%
General Electric .. 200 164% 164% 104%
International Paper 200 11 10% 10%
Int Paper pfd £;»
j Internet Pump ;f
lint Pump pfd... i"
National Biscuit H ••;••, ¦:;.: >?°2
National Lead .... 600 15 v 14% /14.%
North American •«
Pacific Mall •• ••••; , *i,,
People's Gas .... 800 97% 9.% 9.%
Pressed Steel Car.. 700 2S% 2S ViVl
Pressed St C pfd .••• J^
Pullman Pal Car - l f
BftSftai:& "766 - 3 n% -3»;; £\
Rubber Gocds .... 100- 17% 17% 1.%
Rub Goods pfd •••• "Jts
Tcnn Coal & Iron.. 1,700 33% 33 .33
U S Leather ¦ 100 7% 1 V* ' «Js
U S Leather pfd.. 100 76 70; 75%
U S Ruhbor ...... 500 10% 10% 10
V S Rubber pfd • - • - • &> .
V S Steel ........ 5,300 10% 10% 10%
U S Steel pfd .... 27,400 55% 54% 54^
Western Union ... •- 85 *«
Total shares 281,500
UNITED RAILROADS OF SAN FRANCISCO.
NEW YORK. Dec. 22.— Bond transactions of
United Railroads of San Francisco: 5000 at
$75 50; 10,000 at $75 37%.
NEW YORK BONDS.
I U S ref 2s. reg.106 L & N unified 4s.lC0%
Do coupon 106% Man con gold 4a. 102
Do ::s reg....lO7% Hex Cent 4s..<..,70
Do coupon 107*;! Do 1st inc 14%
Do new 4s rcg.l3.!U Minn & St L 4s. 97
Do coupon .. T« J i M. K & Tex .4s.. »G*ji
Do old 4s. rog.109%! Do 2tls 7h%
i Do coupon . . . .110%' NRof Mex conls. 75.
Do 5s res ...lOlVi-N Y C gen 3>/ig.. MT*.
Co- coupon 1C1%;N J Cen gen 5s..l:iU%
Atch gen 4s a'J% Nor Pac 4s 102%
Do adj 4s ..^. 87%i Do 3s 70^
i Atlantic C L 4s. 93% Nor & W con 4a. 70%
1 Bal & Ohio 4s... 101 O S L 4s & rartlc 91%
|i Do 3%s 95%! Pa conv 3%s.... 95
i Central of Ga 5a.lC4 j Headin • gen 4s.. 9«M
I Do 1st inc CS%;S L & I M con Ss.lim
1 Ches, & Ohio 4%E.102%;S L & S F fg 4s. 8IV4
; Chi & Alton 3%s. 75«4|St Louis S\V lsts 92
|C B & Q new 4s. 92%i Seaboard A L 4s. 71%
' C* M & StP gn4s.H0 So Pac 4s 87%
¦ C & XW con 7*131% So Railway 5s.. .114%
! C R I & Pac 4s. 67% Tex & Pac lsts.. 115%
Do col 5s 73% Tol. St L & W 4s. <!0%
! C. C. C & SL enls 95% I Union Pacific 4s.. 102%
i Chi Term 4s 77%! Do conv 4s 95%
Cons Tobacco 4s. 5G%] U S Steel 2d 5s.: €»»£,
Colo & So 4s... S5%; Wabash lsts 114H,
Den & Rio G 4s. P9%! Do bed B 61%
Erie prior lien 4s. OS W & L Erie 4s.. 87%
Do* gen 4s SGK Wia Cent 4s 90%
F W & D C lsts. 102% Colo F & I con 5s C9
Hockin,? Val 4Us.lO6 I
NEW YORK MINING STOCKS.
Adams Con 101 Little Chief 06
Alice 14|Ontario 0 00.
Bre?ce 10:Ophir ; 105
Bruns Con 04' Phoenix • 12
Com Tunnel 03%!Potosl 15
Con Cal & Va... 90 Savage 34
Horn Silver 1 15' Sierra Nev 43
Iron Silver I 50 Small Hopes ....•¦ .15
Leadville Con .. 02 Standard 150
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money — ! Westintr Com . . 75 "
Call loans 5%©6. Mining— " . .
Time loans ...5%@6% Adventnre ¦ 3
Bonds— • Allouez ¦¦ 4%
Atchlson 4s 98 Amal Copper .... 47% :
Mex Cent 4s ... 0S% Daly West ,Tt
Railroads — Bingham *2G-'"{
Atchisoa 67 Calumet & Hecla.4.XS'
Do pfd 91% Centennial 14%'
Boeton & Albany.24» Copper Range ... 43%
Poxton & Maine. 1C6 Dom Coal' .... "0 '
Boston Elev 140 Franklin 7%
N Y. N H & II.. 195 Isle Royale ..... 6
Fitchburg rfd 130 Mohawk 3C
Lclon Pacific 78 Old Dom ....... 8
Mex Cent 9% Oeceola 5714
Miscellaneous — Parrot 22
Amor Sugar 123- Quincy So
Do pfd 120% Santa Fe Copper*. 1 14
Amer Tel & T..121M Tamarack 86
Dom Iron & S... H% Trinity 43;
Gen Electric ...1C4U United States ... 18
Mass Electric ...17 Utah ojjiz
Do pfd ....... ~ 75 Victoria " "ill
United Fruit .... 99,% Winona ...... «S6
U S Steel 10% Wolverine G8
Do Pfd 54%
LONDON CLOSING STOCKS. •
Cons for money.. 8S%;n y Central. ... .122%
Do for account. S.S%INor A \Vest 59 li
Anaconda .. 3%| Do pfd '.'. 90
Atcblgon 60%jont & West ->2ai
Uo pfd 9r» 1 ennsylvania .... tiov
Bal & Ohio Sl% Rand Mines ... n^
Cana Pac 122% Reading 23V.
Ches & Ohio 34% I Do 1st pfd..' 40
Chi Gt West l(i% Do I'd pfd. . 31
Chi. Mil & St P.. 147 'So Railway
De Beers 20% Do pfd .....'.'.' SO
Don & Rio G 21% So Pacific 49 u.
Dp pfd 74% Union Pacific 80^
Erie 30% Do Pfd ....;... 91
Do 1st pfd.... 70 V S Steel....... in/
Do 2d Dfd 52 Do pfd fjtflU
111 Central 133% Wabash « A
Ix>uis & Nash... 109% Do pfd . "•?«
M. Kas & Tex. .118% •••-... JS
Bar silveri— Firm. 25 U-lCd per ounce
, Money— 3% fit per cent. nte v . .
The rate of discount in the open market tnr
short btlU is 3%@3% per cent and for three
months" bills 3% @3 13-10 per cent. •
BUTTER— Creamery. 25<326c for extras and
22g24c for seconds; dairy. lS@2Jc; store Butter,
15@17%c: cold storage, 21@2Uc per 1b.
CHEESE — 12fil2^c for the general market.
13c fdr select mild new and 10t?llc for lower
grades; Young Americas. 13@l4c; Eastern. 15Va
(Blfi^c; Western. 14©15c per lb.
EGGS — Ranch. 37® 40c for choice and- i'^
3fic for small and mixed colors; store. 32*^@35c;
cold storage, 27!£®:.J2>4c; Eastern, 26@30c for
cold storage.
Egsjs are very weak. . Buyers are going ajxrut
the street looking for bargains, and are getting
them. Close buyers will no longer pay over
3S%c, and anything over this figure represent
small sales of extra fine stock to buyers who do
not take the trouble to purchase closely. A
good many ranch are changing hands at S5c.
Receipts are about the same for a week or so
past, but the demand is slow.
Receipts were 42.CCO lbs Butter, 690 cases
Eggs and 4000 lbs Cheese.
Butter seems to be trembling on the verge of
another decline, as close buyers are not paying
over 25c now and say they are getting all they
want at this figure. Dealers report the demand
very dull, though stocks are not as heavy as
they were a week ago.
Cheese shows continued weakness, stocks bn-
Ing altogether too heavy for Che capacity of the
market.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
NEW YORK, Dec. 22. — EVAPORATED
APPLES The market Is firm, with demand
pood. Common are quoted at .465c; prime.
6%@5^c; choice, ogOVjc; lancy, 7c.
PRUNES are firm at 3%c to 6&c. according
t0 /plaCOTS— Quiet; choice. 9%e; extra choice,
Q%@lQKc; fancy. ll@lRc. ¦_,.__.,_. ._. tr _
PEACHES— Steady; choice, 7%@7%c; extra
choice. 7 1 >i®SVic; fancy. 9K@10%c.
150,000 bags, includine: January, 6.50@6.65c:
February. 6.C5c; March, 6.75@6.95c; May. 7.05
@7 25c; July 7.25@7.50c; August.' 7.35c; Sep
tember, 7.45@-7.65c; October. 7. t>5@7. 70c; No
vember; '7.70c. . . , ¦'
DRIED FRUITS.
Fryers. $5©5 SO; Broilers. $4 5Ci5 for larga
and $3 50-S4 for small; Pigeons, *1@1 25 per
dozen for old and %2 25Q- 60 for Squabs.
GAME! — Mallard Ducks. $3@4 per dozen: Can
vasback. $3@4; Sprig, $2 50^3; Teal. $1 5<Vft
1 75; Widgeon. »1 5O®2: small Ducks. $1 25#
1 50; Gray Geese. $3; White Geeae, $1@1 60;
Brant, $1 25- for small and $2 for large: Honk
ers. $5 for large and $4 for small; English
Snipe, $3; common Snipe, $1 75; Wild Doves.
$1 25; Rabbits. $2 for Cottontails and $1 23 for
Brush; Hare. $1 25.
»
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, DECEMBER "23, 1903.
SEATTLE. Dec. 22.— Clearings.' $706,140; bal
ances. $104,716. ¦¦'..- "„ '¦' .'
TACOMA.- Dec. 22. — Clearings, S445.018; bal
ances, $CS,755. • «.«—,
PORTLAND, Dec. 22.— Clearings. $550,724;
balances, $74,699. „„,, .„_
SPOKANE. Dec. 22.— Clearings, $353,523;
balances, $18,560.
Northern Business.
LOCAL kARKETS.
THE COAST RECORD.
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
13
AUCTION SALES
/*. H. ANDERSON,
GENERAL AUCTIONEER.
Room 26, 2d Floor, Phelan Bids.
Has cash customers for one corner lot. 10
blocks froci Panhandlo of GoMen t'ato Park;
one Grocery: one Saloon, $.'l0uO; one Lodging
House. $12CO; one Feed Stable, empty pre-
ferred, for 12 head of horses or more; ana
Cigar Stand, and one Small Restaurant.
List your Business Chances as well as empty
plarea with ma fcr quick returns. Tel. Main
' 1S52.
1 *v_ AUCTION SALE of HORSES and
•*- r> MARES WEDNESDAY. Dec. 23. at 11
a. m.. ARCADE HORSE MARKET. 227 SIXTH
ST. By crder of C. H. Tompson I will sell .15
good horses and mares. Every horse must b«
as represented or money refunded.
JOHN J. DOYLE. Auctioneer.THE SAN FRANCISCO. CALL, WEDNESDAY, DECEMBER 23, 1903.
14
A STRIKING "BRYSON" 1904 "LADY IN RED"
THE CALL
;OE!f D. r?E ECKELS. Proprietor.
kiiiKs tigjEMicstias :?JgB]calDGHT,"ie2zagr
W. J. MAKTIX Dusiness Manager.
TELEPHONE.
Ark Tor TKK CALL.. The Operator Will Con-
tent You With the Department You WUn.
PuMii-Mrii O&C* Market and Third. S. F.
KdUor.a' Room* 217 to Til Fteveni-on it.
D«:H'red by Carriers. 30 Ct*. Per Week. TO
<'t?. lVr Month. Single Cop'.e» 5 Cent*.
Term* by Ms.!, Including I»OEtage (Cash With
Ordex): i ,.
DAILY TALL drclud. t-uni-V 1 year.. $S. 00
DAILY CALL <lnc!ud. Sunday!. « moi. 4^<m
DULY ("ALL — By Single Month <^
SI'ST/AY CALL. 1 Year Z-*»°
WTEKTA CALL. I Year *. Cll
vn ,. r --. f Daily... *N.M> I'er Year Extra
IPl-?-"^ 1 Sunday.. 4.1.'. Per Year Extra
HCfc. AoE. twetkly.. ICO Per Year Extra
ALL POSTM AFTERS ARE AUTHORIZED
TO RECEIVE SCBSCBIPTTON&
Eampie Ccpirt will be . forwarded when r*-
Quested.
Slat: f-bycribeis In ordering ch*^. °( ¦£:
irf-t-r fhruld'be particular to give both Nh«
AND C1,D ADDRESS in order to lr;?ure a
jrcrrjrt *nd i-orrcc-i coirrl'-W-c* uUo tlJ " r re "
<JUCtt.
II,; Hre.^^^Te^cne 10S3
BErjCKLirY OFFICE: _.
tl'S Cer.ter Stref t T»!ephor.e North . .
WASHINGTnN-"conRnsrONPEN-T:
K0STON E. CRANE UOti G Street. N. W .
NEW YORK NF.V.-S FTANOS .
Waldorf - AFtrita Hrtel; A. Bientano. SI
ClUcti Square: Mnrrav H'.l! Hctel; Flfth-ave-
r.jf Uct<=: end Hoffman House.
CHICAGO NETTE STANDS:
rv»rrrar House: P. O. X'« Co.: Grea:
Northern H'lel: Tremor: House. Auditorium
Hotel: r«!rr,rr Hcace.
rmCAfiO REPRESENTATIVE:
C rJEOKCE KROGNFF*. ..Mariju^tte Bu'.ld g
• Lcr.^ Di-tance Telephone. "Centra! t619.'>
VKW YORK REPRESENTATIVE:
BTEFflEN B SillTII 20 Tribure Bui.dJnB
NEW rOKK CORRESPONDENT:
C. C. CARLTON Herald Cquare
rVFINFFS OFFICE «f Vb& Fan Franclafo
<~ 2 t! rorr.'r M-irkrt snd Third *tt>>et«; open
t:r.t!l :*.' c'r!o-k ev«fT n'.sfct In th» year.
BRANCH OFFICES:
I"" Mrrtccrr.fry £tr«t. corner Clay: open un-
Hl ••:M0 p. m.
rrft H»vf« Fti**-t: open ur.t'.l 9 p. m.
f.,1 MiA'.Iitier 5tr»>ef. open until H:30 p. tn.
*\T- J-arVir. Hreet. cpen until O::M> p. m.
I'M I >::?«'r.n stre*t; open until 10 o. m.
~'«J Market itreet. ccrrer Sisteer.th: open
urtil o p. m. •
If*; EWv«rtl) ftre"t: open until 9 p. n».
li«'(i Valrnria street: crwn until 9 p. m.
Hertbntt "-omer Church ar.i Duncan ftreeti:
<r- r "' BHtJJ 9 r>. m.
«^-, r .v^., ,? corner of Twenty - secona ara
Kci'tUfky ftree?*: epen until !) p. m.
?C' f Fi'.lrrere rtrret : or*r. i-r.t!! 9 p. tn.
MEETING S^JJ^'J!^:
K1SE1OX «'haj'tT N". TS>, Ti. A. M.— m
f -rial nwtinK THIS i\VEUM:?-W
P\V> CVEXIN'J at 7:30 (frtock. /V\
V M. ii~gT'*o. By c»der of the H. P.
JOHN R. HILLMAN, Secretary.
CROCKETT L-.!s- N.i. irK*. F. ani A. »
M._Se«3n4 .'-pree THIS iWEDXE^YY
DAT) EVEXINO at 7:30 o'clock. /V\
By crdtr of ih" W. M.
K. U. IIcPUCBSOX. Secretary.
THE ar.r.ual meetinR of the etockho:der» cf
ih» Ne-.aiia National Bar.k of San Fran-
< t-rr<. i."a!.. wlil te held at its bar.kins
oco. Cal..' <jn Tuesday. January 12. IUO-J.
Rt :{:15 p m.. for the election of directors
lu Mtve Jurir.r the ensuing year, and for
the ttanjartior. cf ruch other busineti as
rr.ay cctr.e L«rlore the meeting.
GEORGE GRA"T. Sec.
Fa^ rrsr<-'.yco. Pee. 12. 1003.
ArT»r.%KVS-4T-I.AW.
\V H. lilTT.NKK.
ATTOKNET ANI> COUNSELOR AT LAW.
Afctoe :r»« Phnue South ~t~>.
fuite Ct. Frrrna npre^keji hulidlr.r.
plmrnxa -ju.'tlv »n«j '-C' ' / ob«»in»<l fnr
• -.(h( "»'!»**: 'Jsrraz'-n »«C'ir»d for ln)'iri»«
j*^o;i r^* replevins for I»*"*'.p**r'y jg.
i vk • :. ;. •Je?ain»<i; •ttachni»nt« «n>l carcinh-
tr.«r.tn tor 3=;.t«: bondu furnished; !i«nkruprc7
; r'"<"»-e^lnffs: uiUg probated : eetaton settled;
cnileniTK ma^.e '.n all part* cf, the U. 6.
A PfttVATB. 'iiick <1ivorr<» for m sniaH fe«.
tee rr.e ar»l fav» monej". "° P'T In »lv«nf:*.
G W. HCWF.. dTTORNET-AT-tiAW.
r«.»«blifhe,1 12 yr».; rmn I. 2. 5. * « %. 1st a.
55C2 Market n.. tj^t»-«H»n X!a*on »nd Taylor.
Ad»-tce 'r»». all mstter« r>*>f •<-t|v.« «.tnplr>v*<!.
B. w. KIN'I. >lli>M| ¦! 1mm. Kv«m. ht'ic..
Tth f.rar. »ntr«Tio* room fill: »mahli«herl 20
y»*rv a!) -nf**: cwri! Tirt »n<l off.ro
tT«f n ''"*: tin fe« In «<l\«r.r<» or for c"n«"jlt%-
tjr.n: •v»n'nc* hy iprxiintmpnt. Ttl. Re<i W/Ai
ADVtCK fr** — I will advanc* cnut In merttcrl-
<¦<:¦ cite* (5:vnr»*. pr'-.hsT* and all '.th«r :*w
trtff. tin '»e« In advsnr*. "per, «<-»rj- »v»a-
ln«. J. M. THI'HPfiN". «>V.> Market tt.. r. 31.
a nvirF: ?ree.
rdhqnMtt I.«w urd C^l'^-'l^n Ac^nrr.
r.oorr. *T,. fl:<! Mnrk^t ft.: tel. John fiXfl.
DI*«"0RCT: rn»tit $12: opnn «v«ninK»: l»»»»t»
»-«^t»d *r. me M,rWe». r Siphon* R!«-W- fiSl.
MVOKCE — Gnma t'2: qui<-k. «jui-t: advlr«
'r'»: nt^n *«-«niPir« HIT JlarVet r. .101.
1- r». < LAHK. Kn.roa Spr»ck<«!s bMj.. «27 Mar-
ket «t. : cin*ult«*i« n Cre*: nn fe»e In ad\'»uc».
>D'-"TrF. fr««>: no rhare* unle«n nurr-ssful: «tl
ninns. noes. etc.
V.aKBLTNG canarie«, talktnr parrou: aj]
litnds r.f Bn<l fancy birda: gcl'iflsh. f»»l
capes, etf. Give u* • tnal: •• »i:i e'eaa*
you. ISM Market »t.
liOAiinr.i; for childrexT
LAD^ »antR a clilM t« »>oard. J.'Ji Xewrrjin
ft Tlolly Tark.
UIMXESS CIU\CEs!
tTTtANGKRpr~A'm;NTlT)Nl
Am %-nj Ixkir.i; for a cafe and profitable hu»-
Jn-^t opening in Sat) Francisco? If «*\ wi>~c*i
'¦1t-r yiu any nurrb'-r ••t.u r.nz an lrv^»trr>«>ni
(r: T.\ S1<X» t" $.V>.«-'^); every h!jsin*-S|< oDyit-
lunity that t>«f?e« through r»ur oftl-** nuj«t
rtRtid th» rl"fet,t lnve^rj Ba tinn, and we, r»n
|jlao» J"U ti » »-torc. factory, hotel, mill, of-
fl(r. or. in fnct. sny bosfncM V'U may orefer;
k1»-.<1lv call .«r.d inv»>^tiK!;:<'.
UF.It MANIA I.WESTMEST CO..
Eult SSI. ICmma Fpr'-rk'-ls tiuildlng.
A— r. PKK CENT MONTHLY!
On lnvertm»Tti» of $100 and upward: no '<et-
• I h-i:;lck" j-w<ndie. tuif spfculstinn O r p»m.
Mine Kh'tne. bat a rfj*utab!». e*tabli*hed
buslneM enterprU* in San 'Kranclwo; c'*ar*d
:•"¦•¦) Ibf: year rn J100.C00 caoital; itock
ir!<i«-awd 120.000 to enlarge «he plant: call %»
nrlte rt.r particulars.
GERMAMA IXV^T. CO.. 927 Market »U
A— MERCHANTS. ATTENTION.
D<i yu vihh to «nl?rRe jour businef*. or is
vou <3e*in? additional capital? If so. w» can
fu:-.it*h you with &n active or silent partner
»t.o wtll lnv»-«t from $100 to $50,00C; w;
ha e a lare« of desirable applicant*
ca our l»O'-k^ tw^klnir nnnt\ bufilnesn openlnt*
CERMAKIA INVESTMENT CO..
Fuit 321. Emma Fpreckels building.
$T.O.CO"i REQT.'IRED to buy out partner in an
dd-c5tab!!5hci1 ccmmiFylon house of *xcel-
Ier.l tiamo. with connections and elcmens
that ln*ur« coatinued nieces*: princinali.
Addrcs*. wKb reference., bcx SC4C.
CALL. an1 5oc the M?t of lodging housea from
*» to 2C<> rnortiB ; oheap r*»nt*; hotels, roatl-
. tmwrr, mU-onf. if-Ftaurantf, Rroceries. livrry
etablefe iKH'.jrht and rold «nJ exchanged-
money loaned on chatte!*: millinery stor»- to
exchange. i;iT£L. & CARROLL.. 2I2 Kearny.
ADVERTlSiEK. who ix employed b7 large
cxrporation. w.mld like to meet iiarty who
. will Invert $1<XK» in nrcDo*itton that will
fiegr »4<;nQ In next 10 da>>. Box 'MVi. Call.
WANTED- Purtr.er wit*- trnall capital in
hardware Imsimes; country town; large
• farming country. Inquire 012 Eddy rt.. front
rcAm, ioj. flocr. between 0 a. m. and 4 p. m.
WANTED— Partner with ?C00 in advertising
bUKineF*; chance to make money. Call 813
Van Xet* ave., 5 to 0.
A— V.ORKINOMAN'R boarding-house: good lo-
«-«tioT:: low rent; oteady boardeit,; no agenth.
Rox :*<«. Call office.
KHOE ftcre. 12 yean** ftsndinx. for eale cheap;
good jcpairlr.K trade. Box 3627. Call office.
DEUCA.TJE8SEK A- lunchroom, completely fur"
nifhed: rect-ipta »4-$5 day: rent $16. 208 12tn.
DELICACY A; liquor ttore. living-room*; rlck-
• n;y» cauxe; et com price. I5?l Devisadero.
$¦+:<>— PARTNER: eittjibHFhod buslnefs. t>ayins
t-bout $20(K> annually. Box 4SS7. CaU. • "
|Sf<» WILL buy dyeiric and cleaning work?.
tXiO S&crcoirnto «.. near Kextny.
ni r MXESS CHANCES — Continue*!.
R G. WILKE. Heal Estate and Business
Agtnt (established 14 years). 2t5% Kearny
>t., rooms l* and 10.
A — S1CC0 COFFEE calocn and lestauraat oa
the water frcnl, olcsc- to Market et.; dally
receipts about $65; business clearing ?¦JW
j.*r month; trial given: a splendid offer; in-
vestigate at once. See R. O. WILKE, 2t>V4
I • Kearny ft. ,
A— $.'£CO; HOTEL, and barroom with 30 rooms.
In Point Richmond: rent $100; rooms always
occupied by employes of railroad and stand-
ard Oil Company; beard bill guaranteed by
company; owner never clears leas than $300
per month. Call R. <J. WILKE, 2CVi Kear-
r.y ft.
A— $:SCO; HALK Interest in one cf the best
c-rr.tr talocns on water front; least; dla-
agreement of partners cause of sale; will
• sell whole for ?J400. Call It. G. WILKE.
• 'Mhi Kearny st.
i A-$11'M); CORNEK on Fourth St.. clone
to g. P. freight shed?; S furnisned rooms
; and ki;chen; a good paying business. S*e
R. G. WILKE, 2«u, Kearny st.
A— SM.c; DAIRY produce* and delicatessen
store; lent S22; business clears above $100
per month; living rooms; value in sight.
Call R. C WILKE. 2tt'i Kearny st.
A— tVJOO; COFFEE saloon and bakery: close to
Phe!an building; a good paying business.
bu» rnuft be sacrificed on account of owner
biing sick «n hospital. Par:lculars. K. U.
wilke. 20V4 Kearny st.
A WHOLESALE and retail butcher business
i:> Monterey Ccunty. with Z> acres of land,
dwelilng bouse, slaughter house, chop fix-
turrs. boiler, tank, etc.; S horses, wagons
. and a well >ftabll*hed trade; thi» is a tirst-
tlasf butiir.fsn proposition. All particular*.
IS. <J. WILlvE. 2«Vi Kearny st.
A— #:;•')( \); c ORNKlt taloon. about 1 block south
cf Chronicle bUSjC'; established years and a
Drst-daca psyfeg place: tulleatp investigation
fcolicited; this Is a very rare chance. Call
It. G. WILKE. :!«»£ K«-arny et.
A— $;0O>; GENERAL merchandise store about
CO miles from this city; a well-established
and first-class paying business; yearly tales
about $15.<XiO; all cash trade: a r*rjr rare
.hance. Particulars. Jt. U. WILKE. 2UV4
Kearny Ft.
A— $*jr.OO; DELICATESSEN' store with lunch-
room: rent $20: a gool paying liunr.^s;
la'ge stork; owner clears at least above ex-
panses $12."> per month; sickness only cause of
eale. R. G. WILKE. Si 1 * Kearny st.
FOR sale— Beautiful and plctur*JWUe health
atnl MtnxtMf resort. \1 hourn' ri'le from !¦>•
K., .0 minutes' ride from ilppot ; has 20
nrr^s land, set vlth all kinds frui's. flow-
er*: tx>aotiful groves;; :;2-riV>m hotel, with
coitage of « ro.iras. all futnish-cl: necessary
outbuilding*, dan''* t.avilion. bar. bath-
house.*, lake for rowing; raises own veg-
etables, uoultry an'l ha>; 2 horses. buggies,
bus. Jersey cow and calf. chicK*ns. bar fix-
tures, liilliar'l table, new upfisht uiano: .1
>ears" lease at *.Vk> per year, can get. longer;
tine n-.inerai sprincx: will cure many di*»-
»ai!>s; money !n «>verythlnc on place, round
trip RuDda>* SI So from S. F. : death cause
of sale: prire $22TM. CAMERON. 3 Eddy Bt.
WANTED— Partner. ?:/)<): -stablished com-
plexion fmtnient. manicuring, hair dress-
ing parlors: stv»U location; everything first
class: <ioirs h<fe business. CAMERON &
CO .. ~ Eddy «t.
FOR sa!<" — B'^t I!t»> r«>st»urant In city; rent
$45; central. r~-eip'B *-Vi to *»'» day; must
leav- town: prlr- $12<iO CAMERON. "5 E<1.1y.
FOR sale or trad*-— Quartz mine;flne prospect;
located in Cal.j a^ays f40 to ?7i> mn; trsde
for r'm'g house -ir huslness. Cameron. .1 Ed<ly.
A— TO buy rr soil a business or rfal estate,
city or t-r>untry. call on us; txst facilities of
any firm In I'allfornia: all classes of proper-
ties handled; lodfcin«t-hcuses a specialty.
Central Business Agency, !").•{ Market St.
A^J K.0; saloon: good localtty; rent $20: 3 llv-
ing-rooir.s. Central Agency, W-i Market st.
INVKKT In R'<1«lirnf DnUI and Copper Mining
CnrnDinv's -ifx k; 2."><? p*r char*, fully irnr-
ur ,rp-.:. with a flrst rn^rtcuc. •> V*t r»nf,
l»-vear gcl<1 hon<1: rnirine properties »n<l
water rUhtu in Shasta County. Cal. Writ*
or call n*>»nsit bulldtne. San Fran-
cisco.
WANTED— Tanner with SISOO; lady preferred;
moving pietur? ar.d vaudeville ' business;
handle your -own money; low rent; long
leas*, no opposition- stand Invest ipat lor.. Ad-
dress box i>S5. Call office. Oakland.
HAVE you anything to sell or money to Invmt?
Wr!tr> us for j<«rt Icuiam; ag»ntR everywhere.
Altad^ns lnv»»nient. Syndicate. 70S Market
si . Pan Kran^luro, Cal.
FOR <-ale— Dental practice, established 9 years,
instruments and furnished house cf 7 rooms.
f!"Crt; or d*:i!«l practice $500. llox tS02. Call.
A BRANCH cfflce of The Call for tne recep-
ticn cf advertisements and subscriptions ha»
been evened at 100S Market tt.. oppo*l:«
Fifth Oren until II p. m.
LODGIXG-IIOISKS KOH SAI,E.
lEstahllshei -ighteon y»»ir«.j
jWe will «»ll nnv hous'l
MARION en the Installment plan j
GRIFFIN*. iBusln«>s« — Is — noomlnc.
ICall. writ* or phon« iwi
'for h;«: fr*» list of hnun'O |
,Tltl» «b<«»r»<~t furnished free. |
(Room i'»;. Examiner P.niVlinK.)
Phon* Rla<-k S0IT7. Take elevator tn 4th floor.
Corner "d anfl Market Rts.. San Francisco.
n rvmn on O'Farrell; $000: reduced to $4. F .0;
r»m $tO; d »¦*!! furnished snap.. '
IOO r<-.om«; flrKt-r-iasn family hotel ; all mil-
»m <-onv«-nf»n<-«s; »Mi!sln«> and s«rvir»> »p»rla|
f<*atiir*s; I'i-yr sr l»ase: o^enn water on each
floor.
t,T, room*, and modern hulldlne: Krl'" 1 "''
furnlshlnKn: "' year Ifase^ clears $4.10 month.
21 nyin-n; hieh-toned tmnslent corner hous*;
?. W',.-k« of Market;- clears JIW) to S2O0
month.
14 ronrris: T.rn»r houitr. north Market; r«<1ii<-e<1
t<i S2?r.O; terrn* one-half down an<l Install-
mentn. <-.r wlil exchange for smaller hou»»
or r*nl »stjit«
25 r'v.ms; rorn»r: " hl<vk« of Mark»t: $ir.rj>;
rent $75; ¦ ciod. honest lo^clne-hous*".
3O r*->nms- r*»m* anri mn*l*rn: **tra fin* fi'rTilsh-
inK«; hot water In ev»ry room; very sw»ll;
tl.'.ui t»i $"<Vi0 in cash necessary; le«j«e;
clears 1170.
*ft r-ion-.«; n*w ho""*; new furnishing*; r»pt
HQt; sever* sickness r**liice«l th« prlr» tn
tttir,o
2T. T'^trm: n*«r TurV •n'l Mark*t; r*nt $1<V»:
vl»ar« S125 month: $17fiO; o*ntr«1; »ai«y
• *rmn
".' ronrr!?; fiirn:ch*-l eorg»oiiitly In relvet "n<l
h!Msoy» tnstii*; new; S-year lease; hlg profit.
f.2 r-vMTis; $r.o/VO; rent *2VS; sr«jarant«<1 tn h«
'I*artrr5 %2?>ft month ahov* all *xp»n*es; r*-'
2* rooms; *1?V>: cr-at hartraln: must a»llt
rpr,t t%0: fi|!l of p**ip1»: «Jll!»-t hoilK*. ¦
"2 roorrs: forrtr apartment- hotis» In rpaclo'ia
Cnrnnda: r*m $12S; clear* $200; w»ll fur-
nii-hed ¦ '¦"¦/'
fU\ ronTT'«; %K,nOi swell apartments: *y*ar
lea«e: op to <1at*: new house; pavinz hie
'iivloVnris .-.-.';-;
20 wims in ftp* gro"n<1«; Ia r g». wvnltt man-
sion: magnificently /urtiiaheil; now rlearltie
tl.'iO. death caus* rtf nale; haarrjinz-nnua*.
RS-rooT" hot*l with har: rlotng nishlnj? bu«t-
res*: o«k an.1 ?»ierry ftirnltur*; worth $.10.-
00U: will c*ll for tt:.Vin; <liiu>olittlon nt part,
wuhlp.
'*-foom pic-kup: a holiday «rlft for «om» d*-
s<>rvinsi lady; price fsno. cash:, •• re»p*ct«bi*
hmiiu- c'.earlrg W< monthly.
in r~%ms; SlJflO; transient house, near Mar-
ket; giwi condition: easy term?: make* much
money. »
cTe7~hinklev. c. e. hinkley.
Phone Mint 79B.
1020 Market St.. opi>. Fifth St.
Our Guarantee, Satis/action to All.
Former Patrons My Best Reference*.
4K roomr; bearding: worth $.5000; cnly..?lfiOO
22 rooms; clears $S7: 3 years' lease 1800
.12 rooms: rent $.".5; piano & eew machine. W)0
tt rcoms; partially furnished; rent $:tOY. 250
20 rooms; lease: elec. lights; rent >40. . . C50
S rooms: Pest f>t. : rent $32; map 250
3.1 rooms; transient: lease; only 1500
EXQUISITE furnlfhinrs; 0O rooms; new mod.
em apartment house; grand entrance-; lease;
clears $20C; liberal term*: a little gem; sec
HINKLEY. 11120 MARKET ST.
MODERN— 120 rooms; rent lees than $5 a
room; up to date In every reepect; finely fur-
nifched: books open: clears $350 to $400
monthly; price fKOtO; part cash.' balance easy.
HINKLEY. 1C2O MARKET ST.
ELEGANTLY furnished; 18 rooms; modern;
leaee; tunny, brleht and cheerful rooms;
price *1500; $700 carti. balance 8 per cent;
this Is a Bocd buy with liberal terms. Only
wtih H1XKLEY. 1C20 Market ft.
FOR SALE— A BOARDING-HOCSE: MEDIUM
SIZE: ELEGANTLY FTJRXfRHED; LOCA-
TION • BEST IN THE CITY:, LEASE;
OWNER LEAVING TOWN. llOX 2S5«J.
CALL OFFICE.
A— $2000: PK1Y ATE boarding-house, with «
. elegantly furnirhed room* . on Van Nees arc.:
rcon-.s alwava occupied and nrst-claas patron-
are. Ft« R. O. WILKE. 26 V, Kearny at. .
LODGING HOUSES FOR SALE-— Con.
A. CAMERON V co7"~ Phone 1050.
3 Eddy »t.. cor. Market and l'uwell.
Headquarters tor roomina-hruses. hotels and
ali kinds of business chances.
220 r. : Brand modern apartment house;
beautllul building; elegantly furnished;
swell pcoi.'le; clearing iflOO to $000 a
month; *ee thi*.
SO r. ; rent $225; oak furn.s Urussels car-
pets; furn. 0 mo.; clears $250 mo.: V4
cash; sickness $5000
7 r. ; rent $40; oak furn; good carps. ; snap 350
50 r. ; new modern buildirs; elegantly
furn.; long lease; cheap rent; illness;
make offer.
14 r. ; rent $75: oak furn.; clears $50 900
7 r. : upper fiat; rent |50: well furn..;... 475
11'5 r. : Jlrst-class downtown house; 5 years*
lease: {.nvate baths; well furn; bargain.
9 r. ; tent $40; beautifully furn.: flat re-
duced 450
22 r.; rent $S0; Nob Hill: well furn 2200
SS r. ; swell location; elegant building:
most luxuriously furn.; every modem
convenience: elegant halls; everything
up to Jate; called East by sickness;
a gem.
15 r. ; Van Ness.; oak. mahogany furn. :
bargain 12CO
20 r. : rent $95: lease; well fnrn: clears
$1CO 2000
CS r. ; cheap rent: downtown; electric ele-
vator; electric lights; all modern equip-
ments; up to date; clearing $:J00 to $100;
illness.
12 r. : rent $47; cak furn: good carpets:
clean S50
10 r. : rent $40; furn., carpets good; good
buy "00 1
60 r. ; one of the most beautifully furn. of j
the new modern houses; all full; clears
$400 to $5<X>; obliged to leave city. I
<> r. : oak furn.: moquet carprtj: 4 months. 550 1
50 r. : ccr. : oak furn.; r"od carpet*: clears '-*
$-50 ,4200
72 r.: new and elegantly furn. family
hotel: swell location; rent $5 50 per
room; furn. 15 months; clearing $000
-per month; will sacrifice.
22 r. ; rent $85; oak furn: clears $75 1S00
fiR r. ; rent $250: lease: well furn.: boarding 4750
46 r. : rent only $125: fine location; well
furn • part apartments; this house is al-
ways full: clearing $250 to $:iC0 a month. •,
K r,: rent SM2: oak furn. ; -clears $25 mo... 430
14 r. : rent $fi5: first class: part cash 1400
SO r. ; rent $225; new, 4 mos. ; oak furn.:
clears $230 to $3(0 mo.: >i cash, bal 1
per cent oOOO
15 r. : rent $75: fine little apartment house;
new ...................»•-«••.«••.•'•..** 1' 0
12 r. ; rent'$45: well furn.: clears $50 B.Vi
(! r. : upper cor. fat: good furn. carpets.. 550
11 r.: rent 50: furn. good: clears ?:!$; re- __
duced ••'JJ
.14 r • fine downtewn house; money-maker 3200
"1 r ': rent $^5; well furn.: lease; clears
$j00 .'..:... 1700
17 r • rent $70: Post: clear* $71: part cash liOO
44 r'- cor.; rent $1SO; first-class money-
maker °° 0
A— $1100: 21 ROOMS: on Fourth near Market:
nlcelv furnished: clears $00: leaf?: cheap
rent.' KTTRKKA REALTY rO.. 7in Market.
A WEEK'S nevrs for 5 rente— The Weekly Call.
lfi nares. In wrapper, frr mailing. *1 ner year.
SPIRITUALISM.
PROF. Fred P. Evans, noted psychic for slate-
wrlting And clairvoyance; stamp for circular.
*1H2 Eddy s.t-. nr. Octav'.a; phone Scott SS7.
Serr Kgvrtian. Hindoo occult; reads daily: cir-
cle \\ ed.. Frl.. Sun.,S p. m.: 10c. 540 Ellis st.
MRP ETHEL. CR1NDLK — Materializing se-
ance Wednesday cv. ; 50c. 32S^ Ellin: -S o'clock.
MEDIKM. card reader: ladles only: readings
25c tip. 412V4 Teharr.a ft., bet. 5th and «llh.
EDWARD EARLE, 1052 Ellis, readings dally,
8:30 to 4; seances Sunday and Thursday.
~ CLAIM VOVAXTS,
A^CASHMIRE. Wl7.::nl of tile Orient. Cash-
mire, Clairvoyant Tranro Medium.
Them are nn .-iffairs of Importance past.
pre^ont nr future but wh.nt hy f'ashmlre 1 *
know-e.lue and highly developed powers >nn
plainly h>- revenled. spiritually <ir materially:
advico in business, inlnins. patents. invect-
Rt»ntn or »n> thing jrou may be In trouble
nlfiiil" i.r<"'ll' - lionK nre alWKJTK «-nrirrt ; com-
mon nVnjse payn Co and partake of t hcfte n<1-
vnntnees and after years you will lie spared
th* wWwl of all W'.rdp— it might have been;
knowledge r,T the future Is power for Ihr
(.reset I ; your prospectR - tn-«lHy may l>e your
fortiMie' tn-tnnrrnw. If properly, liamlled: rail
tr>-<lay. io-morrow may he trvi late; ?1 rend- :
ine «o all eHllliiK within n«l 7 dnys; tearh»«
fu»«-r»t i>o»or to rntnrol »ny ni» you de«lre.
ihnuih miles away: brlnts the pep-iraU>d to-
c-Mier; how to win »nd marry the one of
your r'hnlr*"; given your name and the nnmn
of the one you will marry: estate... inlsslnz
persons, burled treasure*. Hours 1° n. m . |
S:.10 p. m. 3CS Taylnr St., corner F.llls.
A~PA rT7 rvFPTI X E. /
The First Fleelsterert Tr«n» «~lfclrvoy«nt nnd
Palmirl Ever In Han Prnnrlwn
rteart Carefully. An Ifnnest Propn»lllnn.
N« Chnrr* Kn Ohar«r«
Unless you r.htaln the Information for whirh
you rnnnult m».
I do hrrehy fol^mnlv »creo qn<l guarantee in
mnke no rliarge If I fall In tell your name no.
ruputlon »n«l what you oalle.1 for; I promise tn
tell you If hurhann 1 . wife or Bweeth»art In true
or fnlB*'- r»l I who nn'l when you will marry: In
farl. I will t^ll every hope. f..nr or nmhltloti
he4l*T Ihmi you o»n tell y/.ilrsoir: I rmillll" the
K«paral»-I. t'»miil« loct affeol lon«. caiiit«» «poo.|y
»nd herpy marriage. glv» yon ennfl limit, re-
Ptore Irst. energy: 10 a. m. to K P >".: Sup. 2-rt.
SifV^O' Fa rrel I M. ; lev/ fee this week — $1. $1. $1.
MMK. M. i BERNARD. THE FAMOns
Clairvoyant and buslnee« medium, perma-
nently located at 17 Third •?.. nejtt Examiner
b'dg. : Pbe read" your lit" rorrootty. k.Ivm an
present happentncB an*l porfr«y« /*v*nfu to
occur in the futur»: if you are in trouble. .ii«-
rontented or not s8M«"e.i with life. o r hax-*
dorne^tic. lov* or bu«lne«« trouFtJe*. eonpult
fh<« great medium arid you will be told hox»
to overcome them: valiiahln ailvlre In all af-
fairs of life; 25c lip; satisfaction gua.rantpe.1;
readings by maM. Tel. Rlark 45C0.
a uvonyn.
The World- Renowno'1 1'almlB*
And Crystal U»wr.
Si K>arny ft,, ov.T IJammer«mlth * Flel.V«;
•' r .a ryirtral* «I MlP". r,lvnrno and nriglna.1
tectimonUlc from. dlFtlngulshed people at en-
trance: 3 <jufs»'on« hy mall. $1. Send month
and year of birth.
tCc tOo 10-
THE ORIOIXAT, nOMAVY OYPSV gi^ITKNS
The only real fortune tell 0 ''": your past,
p r es n p* end 'utur* an open book: Hn<l they
tell it truly: no fairy tales, no faking: rnm»
qnii Bee them. ¦
2«5 tJeary «t., near Powell.
|0<? 1<V» I<V
frMAR. the Egyp»!an gyp«>% clalrvovant and
palmist, permanently located at 1104 Market
•t.. cor. Turk; private reading-* <latly. 10 a.
oi. to B p. m. : r*adlnr« »>y mall as m>»|Bfar-
. tory as in person: :5 «jue«t<on« 8n«we r ».i ; $t:
f'j'l Mf». »?: «ertd lock of na lr. date an.l year
of birth; dont sen* r>ij rr «>ncy; »en'J poptof'riee.
Wells-Fargo meney order or registered letter.
MRP. A. H. KRONENfJERO, palmist, clalr-
vryant, card reader; when others fall try me;
cood rending J^c. "21 Franklin, nr. O. G. av».
I __ _
MME..VEINA. wonderful trance medium and
card reader: Just returned from l n ryj nV—
F-'nre. 4Cii «1fary pt.. near Mason, room 1.
MISS ZEMDAR, young giftfd clair. and palm.;
names; I,. 50c. (}. $1. Til Frajiklln.nr.G.G.av.
A — Hm». Ravenna reads life. bu«lnesii advice:
* names given; 25c up. 6 «th Ft., near Market.
OLDEST lady palmist and card reader In city.
2K»4 Kearny. room 20: ladies. 25c; gents, 60c.
MRS. BROWN, clairvoyant, card reader, re-
moved from 1.12 Oth to 23^ tfth; la.25c, g. 50c.
MISS WARD, removed to 917 Market. r». 11-12.
gives names, date*, facts. Hours 11 to 0- p.m.
MME. JIARSKAU. card reader; ladies, 25c;
gents, 5Cc. 545 Minna St.
MRS. fiHAFER; clairvoyant; card. reader: -sit-
tlngs daily. 4-tftVfr Jessie ft.. b»t. f>th and4;tji..
CAHPHT^ HKATI>G^'^XJ^jCliEAMM^
AlK'now universally used In cleaning carpet a
on i floor, without removal: price moderate
8. F. Compressed Air .Cleaning Co., - Call
building.' Phone Main 5237. '
WHEN you become disgusted with your work
send for SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
Jng Works, 325-357 Tehama et. ; tel. South 40/
TRY Hopke Bros.; carpet beating; mattresses
made over. 14.12 Howard; tel. South 213.
WESTERN Carpet Cleaning Works, 1SC9 Har-
rieor. et.; Al cleaning; 3c: tel. Mission 223.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter St.:
tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM & CO.. Props.
RUDOLPH & CO., carpet-beating works; prices
reasonable. 1703 Harrison at. : te4. Mission £63 .
CONKLIN'S Superior Carpet-beating Works,
333 Golden Gate ave . : telephone East 126.' .
COLLECTION OPFICES.
BAL> tenants ejected for $4: collection* made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION.
CO.. 41R Montgomery, rooms J>-10:'tel. C5SQ.
CBEDIT CX.OTHIEIB.3.
C. F. ADAMS. c6! ", . ~~"
SPECIAL CREDIT STORE.
We. clothe the whole family . from bats to
eho*s; everything up to date at each. prices.
Credit for all. 31S Maaon ft. .
BUY your. eult» and overcoats At LICHTEN-
STEIN BROS., 25 Stockton st..* on »mall
weekly payments: goods delivered on first
navment. 'UKSKBUBKBUSEBtm
< •-'-••; ' ,. , I-
HELLO, THERE! HELLO!
Why don't you wake up and wake up the people around you' In all"
likelihood you are wondering why that latest idea of yours doesn't pan out
and it is ten to one that the reason lies in the fact that you have not prop-
erly pushed it. Give it a little push on trial. For instance, put it in the
form of a Call Want Ad and see how quickly you will secure results.
.t. : ,__ — — : ?
CTTKES B^?^??^
WHO" DOES IT7~HUNTER. 1206 Market st.
- Send for circular. Why will you suffer?
DENTISTS.
DR. GRUSS, C04-5-6 Callaghan bids.. Market
and McAllister sts.. uses the Basford Obtun-
der. the only device ever invented for grind-
ing, drilling and excavating teeth absolutely
without pain. For demonstration and proof
call *l office. '
DR. LUDLUM HILL,. 1443 Market, nr. Eleventh
—No charge for extracting when plates are \
made; old plates made over like new: teeth ;
from $S per set; extracting COc: gas given.
A SEW plate— The Whalebone — cannot break;
warranted 20 yrs; ciown. $3 60; fillings, 50c;
plates, $5; full set: all work painless and war-
ranted. Chicago Dental Parlors, 24 Sixth st.
Ai ARTHUR CHISHOLM. surgeon dentist.
room 14. Phelan building. San Francisco.
PARIS Dental Parlors 235 Kearny, cor. Bush —
Set teeth $1 50 up; crowns $2 up; fillings 26c.
GOLD fillings. 75c; silver. 35c: crowns. ?2: no
pain; open Sunday. Dr.O.B.Hewltt,204 Sutter.
CHEAPEST nnd.best In America— The Weekly
Call. 1G pages, sent to any address In the
Unltrii State* cr Canada one ypnr for $1.
DHESSMAKERS A.M) SEAMSTRESSES
A^C^fTm61^sunburVt"&~kTfi?e pialtfnY Stew-
art's button & buttonhole factory, lit) Taylor.
MCDOWELL Dressmaking & Millinery School—
Patterns cut to measure; eve.class. 1010 Mrkt.
' EDUCATIONAL.
ANOTHER Enlargement — California Business
College moves the first of the year to its <
new home. U01-D25 Golden Gate ave.. occu-
pying 1S.0C0 square feet, the entire top floor
of the new Ptonoer Automobile bldg., oppo-
rle beautiful Jefftrson square; every modern
loea for health, comfort and prepress of our
students; departments all reorganized and re-
furnished; occupies larger space than any
other two business colleges en the coast;
write at ence for our 75-ijage illustrated
catalogue, giving full information about our
23 r>er cent removal discount. Address 300
Larkln st.
ALWAYS the best — We are enlarging our
quarters 60 per cent; other Jchool* are mov-
ing further out to secure cheap rent; our lo-
cation is central, among the business houses,
giving ad vantages, in securing positions, al.so
convenient car •*srvlce; experienced business
men as teachers: actual buBln<Fs bookkeep-
ing; Gr»gg shorthand (used In half the
Fchorls In America): typewriter at home
free. SAN FRANCISCO BUSINESS COL-
LEGE, me Market st.
AVKKS, tho loading business college. 72." Mar-
ket Ft.: pptnMlshPtl IS years; HO ochnlnr-
phip, £?>0: bookkeeping, shorthand, touch Op-
ine, arithmetic, spelling:, rtr. : position* pe-
cur<>d: the ci.llegp refurnished with new
typewriters and furniture Jan. 1. Catalogue
free.
HKALD'R BTWTNKBS COLLEGE. 24 POST. S.
K. — R-wikkvepiriij. Flint th:iml. tnurh typing.
i«nt"JiKi-s. telegraphy. IHnellyh l>rnn<-li«»s; day
and nl>;ht nfpslnim; Illnst talr.1 catalogue free.
UINMAN'P A«*ad«tny: a Ilioronali »rhool n{
¦lnn.\ni: «.«=i :i t>! i«ti. <1 20 y«nr». 1112 |v>lk «!..
h»tw**n Pli.» «nd rHlirornlM: both n-iuli nn.l
rhll<lren'« clashes «re now oppn for thi» Ufaarm.
TIIR I.yoPiim. an itrrr*t'At*ti prwparatnry grhruM
for lh» onlv«>ri<liy. lay Rixl ni^'ll^al rollojo*;
rof. I'rnnM^nt Jordan rr anv^'t«nf<"'< < l prof«>K-
¦or; day and nvptiln^ sepslnnp. Pliolan lildjr.
TIIW PAUL (7KRSON Sr-h~il of Ac-Mop, th*
fcr»iTinpt. ln««lti:tlnn r>r 1 h<» kin.l In tlie entire
*.\"*>«t : 12 1-/\rh*r*: F«"n't for <-atalnsni«". Na-
:lv» «5on«' Hrt*.. 414 Maf»nn Ft.
ST. JOSEPH'S ACADEMY. Peralta Park.
Reikelry. bonrdinc school for boys under 15.
BRO. GENEBERN. Director.
HRAT.D'S School of Mines**- Ki^tHrlt-y.21 Po.«»
"t.. S». P". : a practical p^iio^l of ¦ pnsrlnoprlTi^;
rnrnp!»r« ff^ijlpmon*. Special ratalofrix} fre«.
TJANCINO Tupitdny. Thumday. Saturday. Pun-
day ovjt".. Teutonla Hall. Howard rt., nr.
Sth. . Prof. Foster: society dancing taught.
RNGIVIvKRTNG — Civil. eW.. mln.. mech.. »ur-
vpv o«>i>av. cypnl(5»: day. cv. : »H. ]R04. Van
,l»r'N»niw; Sihont. 1 1.1 Fulton, nr. City TTall.
SCHOOL OF ILLUSTRATION Pay. and
PAKTINGTONS. 4?4 P1n» *t Kleht rla»«.
ARITHMETIC, bnnVkeopine. tratnmar. wrltlnir.
etc.; day or «ve. ; jr. ino. 1024 Mission. nr.Pth.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The VCeekly
Call. 10 pages. Bent to any address In the
United States er Canada one year for $1.
p«-*tar»'n£(d.
fg RMn.OYMKXT OFFICES.
rtkoRCSR AOKI. 421 Po?t »t.: tel. Uuoh 135 —
Japan«*Fe-Chlni»!><' «»mplojm«nt offic»; fur-
ntshe» h°«t help: contract* for farm h"lp. «-tc.
A— ORPHEUM Empftiympnt orflce— .lapanef*-
ChlneF" help. 42« pow»M. T°1. Mai" r-7."»2.
A — GRAND. JapaneFo-Cl-.liiPF" Emp. Offl''". 4IP
Ftockton; t»i. Ornnf 1C.B : oxper*. rqllabt" h"1y>.
RELIABLE .lapam-so-Chlrie?* Employm»nt Ot-
flc»: a»t kinds help. 315 Ptockro": Ma'" sis"
CHINESK Employment Offico— Be-t bMp a»
Leon Skiing'-. 411 V, O'Fa^r»li: lei. K"i»» -W.
CHJNKSR nnd .Tapano'e hplp: "tab. ?0 j'ear*.
T"1. Ma'" l no *. nn jmi#itv . *¦ <X\. nr» C'«r-
BSIPLO V2H 13 NT WA XTED — FE3I AM3.
STRONG willing American woman wants
•work by the day; $1 2fi day: carfare; car-
pet cleaning and laundry work specialties;
absolutely reliable. ; MRS. WILSON, 174
Fourth St.. room 10.' first flieht| ,*
ELDERLY woman wishes a no«itlcn as a
housekeeper. i::o Fifth St., between How-
ard nnd Mission.
WAVrni.> — Work of any. kind during 1 day by
I'l' .(¦ -isnt woman. Call or address 273
Stevenatn et. ., ¦•»;!, .-.''
A LADV wnnts a position aa laundress. Room
17. I4a Third st. >;'"..' .
LADY wants a situation as companion, house-
keeper or governess in or near San Francisco.
, Box :;CCC. Call office. '¦:'-.:
APVRnTISEMENTS. FiibFcrtptionji received at
Call Hranrh offlro.. cor. Puncnn * Church *t».
WANT ads and FubFcrlptlnna taken for The
Call at Katonn n»i7aar. «CW McAUtnter »t.
KMIM.OV.MKXT WANTED — MALE.
FIRST-CLASS cockp. man and wife: country
.hotel, mining- camp or large boarding
: house: wife can do any kind of work. Box
3*534. Call office.
FIRST-CLASS northern barber want« . first-.
claEK job; state wages. Address box ."041,
Call offlco. , ;,,- ¦ • . . v
BARBER — Young man who has some experi-
ence wishes situation whe.-e he can finish
¦ ' the .trade; city or country. ; Box 3645, Call.
WANTED — Position as 1 coachman; understand*
mllkfng and anything pertaining to the <are
of horses ami- cows; must have place at once;
Tt'ei eiitm furnished. Box 453.S. Call -if nee.
.WANTED— By experienced man. position as
gai-deneron private place; understands flow-
ers, vegetables, fruits: can milk; groom: bej-t
of references. .. Box 886, Call office, Oakland.
DENTIST — Intelligent 'youn? man. -. desirous of
1 1 learning profession, wishes position In dental
. office. 'Box 3CCS. Call office. ' . .* '
WANT position in ' butter or cheese factor>'!
15 -years' . experience in New. York State.
'¦Address box 4SSS, Call ¦-.'*'
EMPLOY.MEXT WASTED MALE.
HY miilill.-~;ij>-,l man nnd wife ifc:ncll.-;ht fili-
ation? with rrlvato family or ranch: late
stpnaril anil Men .inlr-s ; on ship; reference*.
Arfrlre?* A. TUCKER. 210 East Fl.. ?. F.
STEADY, reliable Scandinavian wants -work
of any kind: oa.i drive and care for horses.
Hex 3611. Call efflce.
YOUNG man not afraid of work; 4 years' ex-
perience as grocery clerk, with good recom-
mendations. Box 4SU2, Call.
COOK In a lunchhouse or coffee saloon. T.
SOTO. 1525 Powell St.
GOOD barber seeks steady employment.
BAHBKR. 11C4 Page St.. city.
YOUNG Chinaman wishes position as cook.
AH SING. 1)21 Dupont st.
JAPANESE boy wants a position as school-
boy. MOROWOKA. Nako Hotel. 600 Bush.
CLASSIFIED -advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call Branch office. 2200 Fillmore.
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
i-ubscrlptlons has been established at 1090
Valencia Ft. «* ¦
EXPERT OPTICIAN.
GEORGE MAYERLE'S GLASSES~arTlar slT-
- .perlor to all others for reading:, working or
distance, weak eye*, poor sight, neadache.
dizziness, nervousness, cloudiness of vision.
floating spots, pain In or about the eyes, be-
hind the head or In the temples, sore or In-
flamed eyei or eyelids, watery, itching, smart-
ing, twitching, scratching eyes, cross eyes,
gluey, crusty or heavy eyelids and many
oth'r eye troubles. Mayerle's giaeces are
used by th? highest United States army, navy
and Government officials and most eminent
clergymen, educators, doctors. lawyers and
men who appreciate the soothing and strength-
ening effect of these classes. GEORGE
MAYERLE'S EYEGLASSES make an ex-
cellent Xmas gift: sent by express: can be
trle<5 before paying charges: German eye-
water. r.Oo. by mail «2c. GEORGE MAY-
KRLE. GERMAN EXPERT OPTICIAN. 10/1
Market Ft.
TAC1AJ. MASSAGE.
A — WRINKLES removed: flne complexion guar-
anteed, new method: 50c. M. LUTON. mani-
curing pallor*. 7G4 Larkin St.: phone Polk 17.
FLATS TO LET.
*¦- . "
A— HOUSES ar.i flats to let; an Jmaierise list;
tervlce absolutely free: take td vantage of
this department: it will save you time and
trouble. Ccrdes Furniture vo., itl-iiw Ue&ry
»t.. CQ the «(juare.
ALL et the most desirable nats and houses ar»
listed In our renting department: let us give
jrcu a list and help you rtml one 'n the loca-
tion you want. STERLING FURNITURE
¦COMPANY. 10U9 Market »:.; »ervlc«» ab*o-
lutely free.
TO LET — HS" Hickory ave. : S rooms, bath.
CHEAPEST nnd best in America— The Weekly
Call. 10 pages, rent to any nddress In the
T*nlt«d States or Csnurtn one year for $1.
TO LET — lTORXISHED.
S10 DIAMOND— Flat of 3 eunny furnished
ror.ms; hot and cold water.
FIXAXCIAL.
WE have gilt-edge first mortgages for sale In
amounts $40O to. $10. COO. netting 6 p?r cent
interest; payment of principal and Interest
guaranteed. FULLER & FR1ERSON.
1C0S Eighth at.. Oakland.
COMPANIES Incorporated, financed and stock
floated. W. H. BITTNER. Lawyer and Fl-
nnnrlal Agent. 322 Emma Spreckels bldg.
Ft;itXl.TtinK FOR SALE.
FURNITURE for 4 housekeeping rooms, com-
fletP, for sale- ohrap. 2111 Harrison st.
FURXITURE WANTED.
A — HIk,h<si price paid for fur., carpets, etc Mrs.
T. B. Se.lby. K<:uitable Fur. Co.. 812 Larkln.
HIGHEST prices for furniture and mdse. L. H.
BURD, nuctloneer.1818 Mkt. :tel.Howard 2768.
A. W^OLLPERT, 773 Mission, phone Red 4462,
buys, rents, repairs, packs furniture, carpets.
HELP WAXTED— FEMALE.
WANTED — Cook for <i women. Eureka, no
wash, S10 a week: cook, little wash. ?".">:
cot>k ami second girl, same house, $25. $20;
charrborwork. orlvate house. $.10: parlor-
maid, $TO; 5 scconil girls, $20. $25, $.'!0; second
r.irl. Oakland, $J0; 5 waitr:sscs, $25. family
hotel: :> tnieral housework glrl3, $:!0. $:>5;
2 ladlrs' maids, $l'0, $25; 2 nurse glrl.«. $20,
$25; mcthor aiid daughter for country home,
$15, as cook and mdld; conk on ranch, $J5;
English nu-rse. S.'tO." and laundress for or-
phanage, ?25; 44 general housework girls,
52(\ $25. $:><). Apply to J. F: CROSETT &
CO.. Xii Svtter rt.
A LAUNDRESS fcr hotel in Southern Califor-
nia, $25: a sreond girl for a very easy place,
$25; a unrlormaid and waitress, small fam-
ily, ?.'J0: a cook for small delicatessen store,
$:t0; a chambermaid, assist waiting, board-
lng-houce, ?25: a nurse for Infant, $25: 40
other girls fnr cooking and housework in
city and country, wajes ?20 to $.T5. MISS
PLUNKETT, 425 Sutter St., near Powell.
A COOK and second clrl for 2 In family; place
in city; wasrs $:i0 and $25. MISS PLUN-
KETT, 425 Suttcr St.. n?ar Powel!.
A— WANTED — Girls to learn halrdresslng.
ir.anlouring. etc.; trade taught from A to Z
In 2 weeks; $5 to those entering now; 3 po-
sitions to fill immediately; positions guaran-
teed at $10 hit week ui>; leading school in
We.ft. 2S3 Geary si., room 13.
A— Girls to learn millinery now for spring sea- I
son; both seacons taucht from start to finish
in 1 month fcr $10; positions as' trimmers,'
j EHlesladles. etc., giiaranteeri at $10 per wk. up;
day and evening class. 14.1 Stockton St.. r. 1^
A— LADIES to learn all branches halrdreislr.g
trade; mcnicurlna, massage, etc. 12ae Mar-
* ket St.. cor. Jones, room Ui; positions secured
at highest wages; day and eve. class; call.
SEWING MACHINE OPERATORS AND RIV-
¦ETERS: NO EXPERIENCE NECESSARY;
PAID SALARY. LEVI STRAUSS & CO.'S
FACTORIES, S2V4 FREMONT ST. AND 1S73
MISSION. NEAR FIFTEENTH.
A WOMAN for housework; no children.. <577
¥an Jo«e av*,, between Twenty-eighth and
.Twenty-ninth, Guerrero. car.
A LADY to care for dlnine-room In Institute
near. city. Cal. Emu. Agency, 59 Third st.
GOOD girl for plain cooking and light house-
work. ¦ 3100 Jackson 1 at.
TALENTED amateur performer*. t Apply at
, Chutes 0 |>. m. Wrdnesd^v; «alary no object.
FIRST-CLASS it?nograrher« furnished. Miss
, M. G. Harrett. Instructor. 302 Montgomery- -
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch offlce. 2200 FHlmor*.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch of flee, 22C0 Flllmore st.-
A BRANCH office of The Call for the recepi
- tlon of advertisements and subscrlpticsns has
been opened at 1008 .Market »t., opposite
" Fifth. Open until 11 p.m.
HELP WANTED — MALE.
A^MURRAY & READY. G34-636 Clay St.
Phone Main 5S4S.
Leading Empioymtnt and Labor Agents.
1B02 ve gave 1003 we'll «iv«
45,000 men work. 60.0CO men work.
Arizona, close to Prescott, $0.
German or Scandinavian cook, wife, hotel. $50
and found.
—COOK AND WIFE—
Carriage trimmer: eld Mexico; free fare.
$9— DON'T FORGET— $9.
Arizona. To-day. Prescott.
Steady Jobs for two years. Big wages.
—ITALIAN —
40 Italians to choD wocd. tools found.
NEW" R. R. WORK.
155 Italians or Portuguese, $S0.
155 Greeks or Spaniards. $W>.
155, Austrtans or Mexicans, $60.
—MARRIED—
Man as choreman and milk 4 cows: wl»e
wait on table at mine; $60 and found.
Bellboy, $25 found; tinner, country; 2 sack
sewers, $75.
* Ironer, laundry, south; SI 5 week.
—CATHOLIC CHURCH—
Sextcn. yours or middle-aged man; $25 fd.
MAN AND WIFE, LUMBER CO.
Man labcr, wife waitress; $25 month wife;
man ?2 day.
5 cocks., S30. $40. $50. $60 found.
—BIG LUMBER COMPANY —
5 crosscut sawyers, boss here.
MURRAY & READY. 634 and 636 Clay st.
~ —LARGE MINE SYNDICATE—
—STEADY JOBS YEAR ROUND—
25 laborers. •Tpecial R. R. fare." no experi-
ence required; you'll suit: $07 to $78 month;
board and lodging $20 month. ,
MURRAY & READY. 634 and 636 Clay St.
—GENERAL MANAGER HERE—
—CHEAP RAILROAD FARE—
25 four-horse teemsters; $52 and found.
—CHEAP OFFICE FEES—
25 four-horse teamsters; $52 and found.
EXCEPTIONALLY GOOD JOB.
MURRAY & READY, 634 and 636 Clay St.
EXCEPTIONAL GOOD MINE.
• 2 battery feeders, "shovel," $SK>.
C gravel miners; boss here, $75.
—LOOK—
Baker, Institution. $40. found.
Baker, city, bread, cake. $65. found.
Waiter, lunch counter: fare 30c: $35, found.
— LOOK—
Tfamster. wife,, ranch, fare $1; boss here;
$50, found.
Engineer, ranch. $35, found; stablemen, city.
$65; milker, drive wagon, 20 cows, $30,
found.
MACHINIST, FARE CPc.
'' ign painter; 5 boys learn trades.
MURRAY & READY. 634-638 Pay St.
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S. . .Phone Grant 1S5
42U Bush st «2 Clay st.
A first-class poultry man, who thoroughly un-
derstands incubators and the raising and care
of chickens, country $4O-$5O
Man and wife, teamster (4 horses), house girl,
party here, country.. '. $50
3 wcodchoppers, Napa County, see party
here $1 25-$l 50 day
Baker, institution, city, 140: kitchen hand,
same place, $20; porter, country hotel, $20.
C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S EMP. AGENCY.
429 Bush st 642 Clay st.
FARMER and wife, $45; 3 woodchoppers. see
boss here this morning: poultry man, $25 and
found; cook for lunch kitchen, $50; restaurant
cook; broiler, restaurant; porter. $8 week; sa-
— loon porter, $10 week, and others. J. F.
CROSETT U. CO.. C2S Sacramento St.
AT San Francisco Employment Bureau, 17
Fourth ht. — 3 boiler-makers for south, free
fare, f'i $0 day; registered plumber; 2 cement
helpers; man and wife, restaurant, city. $»0
and found; laborers, city, $2 a day. Phone
Grant 26.
AT CAL. EMP. AGENCY, 19 Third St.
S boiler-makers. $3 M> a day.
Half fare. team?ters. Butte County.
f> 4-hiTse teamsters, $2 50 a day.
5 2-liorsc teamsters, $2 25 a day.
A— HOTEL GAZETTE. 26 Montgomery, r. 12—
Fireman used to fuel oil, $30.
WANTED — For U. S. army, able-bodied, un-
married men. between ages of 21 and 33. citi-
zens of United State*, of good character and
temperate habits, who can speak, read and
write English. For information apply to Re-
cruiting Officer. RIalto building. New Mont-
gomery St.. San Francisco, or Masonic build-
Ing, Sacramento, Cal.
__ - _ . _
Men to learn the barber trade In two months
and secure good positions; catalogue and full
information mailed free. MOLER System
College. 635 Clay st.
WANTED — An experienced young man as
"stenographer for the country- Call or ad-
dress Pacific Portland Cement Co., room 510.
Rialto building. -
GOVERNMENT positions— Call at room 14.
fifth floor. 305 Larkin st.. for free Informa-
tion as to positions, salaries, age limits, etc.;
day or evenings.
WHY pay big prices to have your shoes hftlf-
soled when you can get It done for 25c. 30c
and COc while you watt at £63 Mission st..
bet. lr* nr»d M «t».. or 11 Third St.?
WANTED— Active man. office and outside
work; do collecting: salary $50 month: cash
deposit J20O required. Rm. S. 18 Montgom'y.
WANTED — -A young man as stenographer:
wages $-»0: reference required. Apply JOHN
RAPP & SON, Eighth and Townsend sts.
BU8HKLMAN wanted. Apply Brown Bros.
CO., 5y*> Market st.
BOOTBLACK wanted. 7fK> Geary, cor. Hyde
st.
STRONG, active boy wanted for a bakery.
Apply at 31:: Sixth st.
BARBER wanted. 104'j Union Square ave.
WANTED — Young men to cell toys. Apply be-
fareen a and 11 a. m. at HALE BROS.
EXPERIENCED feeder for Prouty Job press.
KNOWLES. 24 Second st.
MILL man. all-round machine and bench man;
good on details. .10.12 Golden Gate ave.
TAILOR — Bushelman wanted. Apply ready
for work, g. X. WOOD & CO.
TRY our men's shoe*, union made, at $1 and
$1 50 per pair, foot-form shoes ! at $2 50. or
erthipedlc BtOT«.' $1 SO; best shoes on earth. 11
Third st.. Exam, bldg.. 5 doors from Market.
WANTED — For U.' S. Marine Corps, able-
bodied unmarried men. between 21 and 33;
pood character; must speak, read and writ*
English; marines nerve at sea on men-of-
war in a'l parts of the world, on land In our
Island ncsaerslon? and at naval stations In
the United States. Apply at recruiting of-
fice, 40 Ellis st.. San Francisco. Cal.. and
401 K st.. Sacramento. Cal.
IF you are net -satisfied with your salary we
have an opening whereby you can earn legiti-
mately $*0 weekly: gentlemanly occupation;
good address; busin?|s knowledge necessary.
Royal Mercantile Co.. suite lO.Columbian bid.
WANTED— An 'all around bookbinder; one whs
can do forwarding and finishing on full
bounds. Apply SANBORN. VAIL & CO.. 7*1
Market st '.'""•*
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed RoIkln.'Reno Htbuse proprietor. ha«
added 1C0 new rooms to the Denver House.
217 Third St.: 250 rooms; 25c to COc per night.
BARBER shep In Berkeley, running 2 chairs;
well fitted; doing good business: must be
sold. STOLTZ. Barber Sup. H'se.723 Markt.
PALMER HENDRIKSON. formerly of Seattle.
Is earnestly requested to write to his sorrow-
Ing mother or come home.
GENTLEMAN experienced In formation of
' ctock company for commercial purposes;
references. X. . Y. Z.. Box 3C12. Call office.
PENSION ATTT.. M. HARRIS, 40 Ellis st. : 14
years' practice; references from thousands of
persons for whom I have secured pensions.
TRY cur men's shoes, union made, at $1 and
$1 50 pair; foot-form. shoes at $2 50; we pay
express or mail charges. 11 3d st.. Exam. bid.
BARBERS — ?-chalr • *hoj> for sale; cheap. 1%
Polk st.. near Market.
BARBER shop — Cheap; two chairs; rent tH
418 Larkin «t.
BARBER: fine place for married man: if you
have not SloO don't answer. Box 3eO7, Call.
FCR eale cheap: 2 barber chairs. 2 mirrors and
pole. Apply 34BH Seventh, cor. Harrison.
EXPERIENCED ihlrt cutters; atate wages and
references. Box 38t3. Call.
BARBERS— Well-paying three-chair shoo for
sale. 3250 Mission «t. . , . -
MEN to learn barber trade. San Francisco
Barber College. 741A Howard «. * ranclico
SEAMEN for Australia and Europe; also green
¦ hands fcr whaling.. HERMAN'S. 22 East «t.
PENSION atty.. E. A. BulMs. room 40. PheTa"o
bldg. Past Com. Geo. H. Thoma» Post. G. A.r!
McDONALD & PERRY have a - large stock of
new and second-hand shoes; cheap 230 3d it.
W w CH -£? TEn Hol€l - u ThW "t.. near Mar-
ket-70O rooms: 35c night; readl*rreom£-
free 'bus and. baggage to and from ferry
HFCP WAXTED — tf w.F— r nn fliip,<.
PACIFIC EMPLOYMENT AGENCY. ~~~
5l*o — Sacramento st. — *>2l>.
Phone Main 1191. Cor. Leldp*d->rff «t.
COAL. MIXKRS. NEW MEXICO.
COAL MIXERS. OREllON.
Chlco. Buttc Co.. half fare, ship positively
to-night. n> 2 and 4harie teamstera. J^ ±:,
and $2 50 day; 5 laborers, cheap tare. fc» jj ;
5 tunnelmcn. ?s^ ;o; cook, small boarding-
house. *4i> an.1 M.. near city: youns mtu
wait tabl*. *t3 and frt. : solicitors: 5 farmers.
PACIFIC EMPLOYMENT AGENCY.
A BRANCH otftcs of The Call for the reception
of advertisements and subscriptions has ht~»r»
opened, at IOCS Market it., opposite Flft.i.
Open until 11 p. tn. ¦ <¦
\LL sizes men's shoes, sllshtly damaged, halt
¦ price. ' 5«3 Mission st.. bet. let and 2 1 sta.
GFT your shoes half soled whll» waiting: 23o
to SOc. id Mission st.. b»t. 1st and 23 sts.
HORSES A.\D WAGOXS.
MILK~wajr"ti. $50: box wapen, $39; top wa-
gon. ISO: buggy. ?!0; cart. $15. 79 City Hall
ave. .
FOR ia\~- — Handsvroe trap, cheap. Address
bos i7I9, Call of See.
FOR eale 3 young horses; single or double.
Apply 8C3 York it.
Al EXPRESS wnnn. light earapln* w»goa
and go-cart for sale cheap. 632 Mlssloa st.
UnE«t assortmt 2-hand wagons, buckb'd «ur- ;
rey . ha rn ess, work, driving horse*. 15tn-Valencl%
HOUSES TO fjjlY^''
A PRINTED list of houses to let; send f r ctr.
cular. G.H.UMB3EX & CO.. 14 Montgomery.
A— HOUSES and fiats to let; an Immense list:
service absolutely free: take advantage o*
this department: it will save you time and
trouble. Cordts Furniture Co.. 245- 25I> Geary
St.. on the square.
TO LET— 052 Eddy Ft.. 9 rooms, bath; all
modern Improvements.
BEFORE moving get our prtnted list of housea
to let. BALDWIN' A HOVVELU 25 Post st.
LOST A>D FOl'SD.
LOST— Case containing diamond ring and stud,
between Hayes and Pevi«adero. Scott and
Fulton. 120G Fu!tan st.; liberal reward.
LOST— Red Men's oadge. Inscribed "Pohonachea
Tribe No. 10": return 221S Hydo st.: reward.
LOST— A cold dollar stickpin. Pleas* return to
8S1 Shotwell St.; reward.
IT will pay to "Remember" that the California
Watch Case Co.. 220 Sutler it., needs old
gold and silver to make new watch cases.
3IEDICAL,.
MRS. DR. WYETH, specialist for all female
complaints: instar.t relief guaranteed: 30
years' experience: removed to S26 Post st.
MRS. DR. KOHL, reliable specialist for all re-
male troubles and irregularities: Instant re-
Uef guaranteed. IOCS', Market St.. opp. Bth.
DR. O. W. O'DONNELL— All who are- sick or
in trouble consult thia specialist on female
complaints: positively corrected; the unfortu-
nate helped; the most difficult cases treated;
advice free. Office. 1C1S Market st.
Drs. Goodwin. 733 Turk. nr. Van Ness — Expert
In obstetrics, female complaints: inst. relief;
treatment $10; hours. 10 to 5; 25 years' exper.
MRS. D. ALLEnTiUS Market— Reliable ladies'
specialist : a private home before and during
confinement; best medical care: low fees.
DR. ROSEN resides 2095 Folsom St.. corner
2Cth; ladirs. relief or no fae; $10. *
DR ami MRP. DAVIES and HINDOO HERBS;
original method of treatment. 112B Market st.
DR. NG TOY KEE. 319 Powell St.. opposite
Union square: all diseases cured bv h»rb».
MISCEl.l.A.\KOfS FOR SALE.
BOILERS, engines. 2d-hand machinery. .Me IN-
TOSH & WOLPMAN. 195-197 Fremont st.
DOES YOUR ROOF LEAK ?
Repair it with e!aterlte; In rolls easy to lay;
needs no painting or coating; *c<xl over old
' Irr.n tin ~ or ehlnsles: best for new roefs.
ELATERITE HOOFING CO.. ~Y"' Market r.l.
ID-HAND machinery, boilers, engines. yumr».
pulleys, shafting, etc.. etc.. bought, sold,
rented an<l sxchansed: see Sunday papers.
H. S. WHITE MCH'Y CO.. 130-132 Beale at.
A — Fine suits. J7 SO; dress pants. $2 50. Origi-
nal Misfit Clothing Parlors. 239 Kearny St..
near Bush; open to 9 p. m.. Sunday to pooa.
X Buys sells or rents gear machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipe, shafting, pulleyt,
etc. WH1TELAW. 253-255 Spear st. •
TYPEWRITERS, slightly used, sold at cort;
new Underwcod visible typewriter catalog
fent fre«. R. E. Revalk & Co.. San Francisco.
TRY our men's sho«rs at $1 and $1 50 pair:
foot-form shoes at $2 50: we pay express
charges. 11 3d St.. Exam, bid.; catalog free.
ALTERATION* tale— Best J2 GO hats. 91 5a
Popular Price Hatter. 330 Kearny St.. near
Pine; open to Op. ro. ; Sundays to noon.
LOCKSMITH'S and belllhanger's stock and
tools complete for sale. Inquire 473 Valencia.
LAUNDRY machinery, washers, extractor*,
manglsa. lronera. etc. 628 Bryant »t.
EOMK grod recond-hand ffa^oline engines. I to
12 H. P.. cheap. F. B. Beck & Co.. 122 Mkt.
FINE steam automobile; first-class runalaj or-
der. W. V.. 520 Lyon St.. San Francisco.
SLOT machines cheap; Chicagoes. Twentieth
C«nturieit. Pucka. BACIGAL.UPI. 933 Market.
DESKS and safes: see the complete line at lsia
Market. ab.-Van Nes». P>ICHARDSON BROS.
S <FES — New and second-hand. THE HER*
MANX SAFE CO.. 307 Battery st.
NEW and second-hand machinery of all kind*.
KROGII MNFG. CO.. 810 Market at.
MOVING pictures, magic lanterns, sale, rental;
bargains. Bullard & Breck. 131 Post st.
MILES of pipe and fittings; all sizes, EU-
GENE RILET & SONS. 109 Vallejo st.
SAFES — New and second-band. E. B. BECK
& CO.. 122 Market at. .
All bargalns;camp stools and chairs: hammocks,
metal beds.mattresse9. J.F.Hotter,712 Mission.
Edison phonceraphs. records, supplies, moving
, picture machines, films. Baclgalupi. OSS Mkt.
GASOLINE engines, automobiles and launches;
all sizes. J. E. DOAK. 4tJ Fremont st. , £ .. -
ASK for prices on second-hand typewriters; all
makes. ALEXANDER & CO.. 110 Mont£y.
MISCELLA.VBOVS AVAXTS.
; BOOKS and libraries bought. H. C. HOLMES.
1149 Market St.; pbone Jessie 3741. or postal.
I PAY highest prices for all kinds of cast-off
clothing; send postal- MORRIS, 870 Folsom.
T1LTON wants gocd second-hand clothing an.t
theatrical goods. 154 Pth St.; tel. Jessie 2H31.
3IOXEY TO LOAS.
AXA^MRMAN"~jrURpilY^ *
eoi-e02-OXS Examiner building.
Quick settlements: - no disappointment.
Save expanses by dealing directly."
Estates, second mortgages, undivided Inter-
ests, assignments of rents, property in trust.
•tc; legacies, life estates und undivided in-
terests in proprrty purchased.
Courteous treatment. Strictly confidential.
When You Need Moner
See HERMAN MURPHY. ;jr
ADVANCES on furniture and pianos- without
removal; to permanent salaried r'ople on
1 their note' without security or knowledge oT
employer; lownt rates: no commission. NA-.
TIONAL CREDIT CO.. tiS and Hi} Dononoe
bulldlny.. 1170 Market st.
MONEY loaned to salaried people, retail mer-
chants, teamsters, bearding- bouses, without
security; easy payments; largest business In
<S principal cities. Tolman. 55:? Parrctt bid*.
HIGHLY respectable private place »o obtain
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry, at
2 per cent Interest. Baldwin J«welry Stare.
84t> Market: tel. Main 1644.<,Brancn. K> Third.
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL LOANS on fur-
niture, planes or to salaried people on th-tr
nct«; proptrr treatment guaranteed. ILLINOIS
TKUST CO.. r. 1«. Phelan bid., tel. Main 70*.
* — 1 Per cent on furniture or piano; no remov-
al, no commission, no publicity :S2S up; qutck.
private, confidential. 2tt Montgomery, rm. 7.
MUNICIPAL. LOAN OFFICE. 1C3 Gtant av»..
LOANS FROM %l TO »10.0CO
MONEY to loan on low lnt»re?t; old. silver,
diamonds, pearls S'd precious bought
at W. J. HESTHALS. 10 Sixth s«.
NEW easy method — To wage-earners on unln-
dorsed notes; absolut? privm~y. Pidelity
Loan Company, rooms 4S— 4'j. Chronicle btdg.
TO salaried people without security: en furni-
ture; indorsed notes and other securrty. 5. S\
Discount Agency. 143 Pftelan building.
AT lowest rates on furniture and pianos- striit
privacy: no commisnion:ln»tallments accepted.
BONELLI 301 Eddy. Conservatory building.One consequence of the Belgian antf
gamblins law is that even the game of
lcto has been prohibited in the fisher
men's public houses at Biank«nberghe,
near Ostend.
Depnty City Treasurer Named.
OAKLAND. Dec 22. — J. H. Long
has been appointed a deputy in City
Treasurer Felton Taylor's office.
Christmas Tribune Very Good.
OAKLAND, Dec. 22.— The Christmas
issue of the Oakland Tribune made : ts
appearance "to-day. It was ;l«votjrl t»»
showing the growing commercla', man
ufacturing and agricultural importance
of Alameda County. It is a very go-tl
production.
Young Woman Hart In a Collision.
BERKELEY. Dec. 22. — In a colli
sion between her buggy and a grocery
wagon, driven by Harvey Levy, at Uni
versity and Shattuck avenues. Miss
Doris Weston of 1700 University ave
nue was thrown out and severely
bruised this afternoon. The drivers at
tempted to turn out of each other's
way, but became bewildered and ran
into each other. Mis3 Weston was
driven home by J. M. McLeod and is
now under the care of a physician.
P. E. Newton, the complaining wit
ness, ventured to suggest that the trial
be set before M. C. Woodruffs bat
tery case against Fisher Is tried, when
the saloon man exclaimed. "What have
you got to do with it? That is not
your case." . This angered Justice Ed
gar, who read Fisher a lesson on court
room propriety and ordered the pug
nacious saloon man to sit down, which
he promptly did.
The trial for disturbing the peace
was finally set for January 19- Th«
battery case will be tried on January
14. the time originally set. Fisher
wanted an immediate trial, but Justice
Edgar refused to heed his request.
BERKELEY, Dec. 22. — Justice Ed
gar administered a stinging rebuke
this morning to Sam Fisher, the West
Berkeley saloon man. charged with as
saulting men and women who were
connected with the Trinity Ladies' Aid
Society "rummage sale." Fisher was
awaiting the setting of his case for re
trial for disturbing the peace.
West Berkeley Saloon 3Ian Interrupts
Court Proceedings and Meets With
-¦;, i a Rebuke From the Court
JUSTICE EDGAR CALLS
FISHER TO ACCOUNT
ring the examination till after six
months have elapsed.
A deputation of police sergeants will
wait upon Mayor . Schmitz this morn
ing at 11 o'clock with the object of
urging his Honor to use his influence
with the Civil Service Commissioners
to get them 'to hold the examination
of sergeants for promotion to the po
sition of lieutenant at as eaTly a data
as possible.
A well-defined rumor is in circulation
in the department that outside influ
ence has be^n brought to bear upon the
Commissioners to postpone the exam
ination for six months so that the re
cently appointed twelve sergeants
might be in a p<feition to take part in
it. The old sergeants consider thU as
unfair to them and will therefore urge
the necessity of a speedy examination.
It is the rule that no officer can take
part in an examination until he haa
served six mor.th» in the- office to
which he has been promoted and the
old sergeants see no good reason why
this rule should be set aside by defer-
Intend to Urge that Examination for
Lieutenants on the Force
Be Held at Once.
POLICE SERGEANTS WILL.
WAIT UPON THE MAYOR
Each entered a plea of not guilty.
The two women were admitted to ball
in the sum of $10,000 each. James Gil-
Jespie and Myron Barbour were refused
bail and remanded to jail. Crowds fol
lowed the two men as they were taken
to the County Jail near the courthouse.
James Gillespie and Myron Barbour
took their incarceration coolly, and
laughed and joked.
RISING SUN, Ind.. Dec. 22.— In its
report of the investigation into the as
sassination of Mrs. Elizabeth Gillespie
on December 3 the Grand Jury this
afternoon returned bills of murder In
the first 'degree against. James Gillespie,
a twin brother of the murdered woman;
Mrs. Belle Seward, her widowed sister;
Mrs. Carrie Barbour, niece of Dr. Thad
deus A. Reamy, an eminent physician
of Cincinnati, and Myron Barbour. her
husband. Mrs. Barbour is a sister-in
law of Dr. Gillespie, a brother of the
murdered woman.
Bench warrants were issued imme
diately. The Glllespies were expecting
arrest and Dr. Gillespie drove to the
home of the accused in a closed car
riage and brought the Thdicted persons
to the courthouse, surrendering all of
them to the court. A newspaper pho
tographer attempted to take a snap
shot of the party and was struck by
James Gillespie, who broke away from
Sheriff Rump and knocked the camera
from the hands of the newspaper man.
The four indictments were read to
the accused, who showed no emotion.
The indictments charged them with
having "feloniously, maliciously and
with premeditated intent" caused the
death of Elizabeth Gillespie. A con
spiracy against the woman to kill her
is charged. James Gillespie. her twin
brother, is the one who is charged as
the principal," although all are accused
of murder in the first degree.
Grand Jury Implicates Promi
nent Residents of an In
diana Town in Strange Crime
MUKDER IS THE CHARGE
Twin. Brother, a Sister and
Two Other Relatives of 3Irs.
Elizabeth Gillespie Indicted
DEAD WOMAN'S
KIN ACCUSED
OAKLwVND,; Dec. 22.— The N third
trial ; of Frank , Mendoza - for cattle
stealing was begun before Jiidge Ells
worth this morhins.' Mendoza is ac
cused by. the people living inthe hills
back of. Sunol^ with "cattle /rustling."
and strenuous ; efforts 'are being made
to convlct-him.-~: .. ...
3Icndoxa's Thlr?l Trial.
' William and, Agnes G. Mann to Harriet E.
Turnbull. lot on N corner of Oakland and Santa
Clara avenues, . XE 35 by .XW 126:25. lot 12
block H, map resubdlvlslon of blocks G* and H*
Flint Tract, portion Oakland Heights. Oakland".
Alexander and - Ruth Young to Henry C.
Chesebrougb. lot on S line of Adams street'
220.49 W of Perkins. W 100 by S 125. lots 4 and
5." hlork 5. map of subdivision; Xo. 1 of Adams
Point property. Oakland: $10. •
A-'-F. and MaybeMe H. Cornwall to Mrs. J.
H. . Bills. Jot on XW Hne of Adams street.
160.58 XE of Lee. NE 49.42 . by XW» 12O. por
tion of lots 21 and 22. -block E. lands Oakland
View .Homestead -Association.- portion .Wals
worth. 100 acr« tract redlvided : Marcb 1869."
Oakland; $10... ¦ '-• .- - ,
- H." B. ;and : Susie . L. Beldea - to DavHIna
Thomson (wife of Alexander), lot on N line of
Hawthorne avemie, 33 E of Dwindle, E 34 by
X 109.30 being W 34 feet lot 12,' amended map
College Heights.. Oakland; '$10.
: Harry H. and Virginia M. Webb (by Alfred
von dsr Rood, their attorney) to Maria - Ea-
Samuel Fisher to- Lizzie E. Fisher, lot on W
line of McPhcrson street'. 50 X ot Central ave
nue, N 100 by W 120. lots 3 to 6, btock 17, Oak
Shade Tract, quitclaim deed (Recorded Dee itf.
1003). Alameda; $5. ««.#<>,
Alameda County.
HEAL EStATE TRANSACTIONS.
BERKELEY. Dec. 22. — The Realty
Syndicate is negotiating with the Pa
cific Improvement Company and H.
W. Carpentier for the purchase of the
property known as the Jones 1 ranch, a
valuable piece of land extending from
the Contrar Costa line along the bay
shore to West Berkeley and taking in
Sheep Island. '.It is not known what
the syndicate purposes doing with the
property except to develop the water
rights and - the quarry on the island.
It comprises 2000 acres.
Xcffotlnlins for Jones Ranch.
H*nry#!«vers <alr»Je).to Rfter F. and Eva
Ahlstrom.- lot-on S line of Howard street 23O
E of High street. E 50 by S 150. Brooklyn
TowDshl?r-$*A-— - • ¦•
William F. and ; Albertina E. Lewis to
Charles S. Holmes and George W. Fisher, lot
on N line of Delger (or Twentieth) street.
2»t.l7 W of T»le«raph avenue. W 54 by N
1C0. also undivided cne-half Interest in lot on
P line of Hchart <ot- Twenty- first > street.
2O4.C5 W of Telecraoh avenue, s 11S.C8. XT
05. X 118.50, E 3S: l OakIand; $10.
John and EHzabHh Kilbom to Fernando G.
and Rcealia G. Lorenclo. lot on SE corner of
Willtam »M WHUw firr.ls. E Tl:3 by S 30.
lots 7 and s, block 301. Gibbons' property at
Oakland Point; Oakland: $1<V
Realty Syndicate (a ccrporatloni t& Dell C
and F. J. Woodward. X 30 fe*t of tot 8. S SO
feet lot 5. S 30 feet lot 1«. X 30 feet lot 17.
bloclt I. map of. Central Piedmont Tract. Oak
land Township; $10. :
John H. and Adela J. Miller to B. C. .and
Jbaqulna -F. Rodrigues. beginning at Inter
section of W line of Bryant street with X line
of county road from Oakland to San Leandro.
N 114 by .W 40. -lot *W. map of FruHvale-and
Pan Leahdro Road Tract. . Brooklyn Township;
$630. .-••-. • .
Theodore and Katherine Bamewitz to Ino
cente La«0i1« io*-- on E line of Telegraph or
dareraont **enue 2W.50 S of Clifton street. S
.V>. E 20S.»r; N 52.57. etc.. XV 2S2.53. lot 19.
block H .map of .'subdivision of portion of
blocks H and I. Veraon Park Tract. 1SS0. Oak
land: $10.- :¦¦¦
R and Henrietta Cuthbert to Mary E. Rich
(wife of C E.VVV 10 feet of lot 22 and E 3O
feet of lot 23, block C. Gaskill Tract. Oakland;
$10.
John F. Afcern <by John X. Bishop. Sher
iff) to H. B. -Belden. lot en SE corn<»r of Sev
enteenth and Grove streets. S-23 by E 70. Oak
land; *ie.\
Charles S. and Elizabeth L. Holmes and
Gecrge tv". and Abbie B. Fisher to William
Frlfble L^wte. undivided one-half Interest in
lot on S Hne of Hobart (or Twenty-flrstl street.
329.25 W of Telegraph avenue. W 49. S X19.&3.
E 49. X 11^.30, Oakland: $10.
.J. PJXIelsen (single) to Alice B. and John
C Detro. lot on SE corner of Champion . and
Palmetto streets. E 121. S 59.50. W 120.SS. N
5$>.r>i>. lots 9 and 10. block B. map resubdi
vJston Mock B. Prospect Hill Tract, Brooklyn
Township;. $10.
Hetty T. and Wirtiam G. Henshaw \o Carrie
D. Rodolph (wife of George W.). lot on NE
line of East Fourteenth street (since widened),
l.V) NW of Sixth avenue. XW 50 br XE WK
lots 5 and 6 and nortion of lots 19 and 20.
block 56 Clinton. . East Oakland: $10.
Harry and Grace B. Mortenson to Martin
Mortenson lot on X line of* Falrview streer.
150 E of Calais E » br N 1.15. lot 7. block
E. map of stibdlvUitip S .portion of Harmon
Tract. Berkeley: $10.
Henrietta M. Lucas (widow) to Li I la L. Jory
(w*fe of J. A.), lot 24. map of Derby Tract.
Brooklyn Township; $10.
Max and Anna Homfeldt (by Isaac L. Requa
and W. W. Garthwalte, trustees) to Oakland
Bank of Sav!n««. 701 D. 423. NW line of Jack
ton avenue. 1U5 SW from SW line of county
ro.id to SanLeandro, SW 37.88. NW 115. NE
25.54. E- 119.47. lot 6. block E; Hunttngton
tra«.*t <trust«>«s' deed). Brooklyn Township; $382.
Oakland Bank of Savings to Edward Kins
Kelly, same. Brooklyn Township; *10.
Agnes and. Alfred Lundqutst to Fletcher R-
Jennings, lot en X line of Clement avenue, O
E of Willow street. E 3ft bv X 127 :«. block 15.
map of resiibdivlston of blocks 13 to 17. X line
of Buena Vista avenue and E Une of Willow
street. Alameda: $10.
Thomas. B. Draper to same. same, quitclaim
deed. Atamed*? 7 *!.
M. L. Wicks to Eleanor V. Brooks, lot on
SE line of High street at Intersection with S
lino of lot 5. man of lands of Brooklyn Land
Company. th«nce SW 146.9^ SE 3Srtj*S XE
145.64. NW 3CS to beginning, lots IS to SO
and 97 to £*>. map of High-street Villa Tract.
etc.. Brooklyn 1 Townships S15.T5.
George D. and Ella Hutchison to Charles and
Mary Thompson, lot on N line of Ward street
202 :« E of Ellsworth. E 37:6 by X 134 :C por
tion of lots 21 and 22. block E, Leonard Tract.
Berkeley; $10.
Flora M. .Thomas (widow) and May A
Thomas (wife of Charles E.) to Joseph J.
Paul, lot on Wllne of Ellis street. 150:8 K of
Aehby avenue. N 37:7»i by W 120. portion of
lot 91. block 11. map of lands' of Regent-street
Homestead Association, Berkeley; $10
Same to John R. and Stella K. Falrchild.
lot on W Une of Ellis street. 1SS:1*£ X of
Ashby avenue. X 37:7 4 by W 120. portion of
lot 91, block 11, same. Berkeley: $100.
Minnie Taylor (widow) to Mattle A. Win
chester (wife of C. A.>, lot on X line of Car
rtson street. 213.23 W of Baker. W 30 by X
120. lot 19. block A. map Teachers* Tract.
Lorin. Berkeley: $10.
Henry Z. and Sarah M. Jones to Georg© F.
Marx. lot« l«0 to 1«2 and 171 to 173. map
Jessie Jones Tract, deed made to correct date
of year when map was filed. 930 D. 57, Brook
lyn Township; $10.
John and Minnie A. Mitchell to Charles
Spear and Edgar Smith, lots 14 and 13. block
I>. ¦ muD resubdlvision of blocks A to F. on
map a Roberta and Wolfskin Tract, Oak
land: $10. .
Harry L. and Xyda W. Holcomb to Delia F.
PS*** 1 ! lo t. on s Ilne of Thirty-seventh street.
0*-0 W of Telegraph avenue, W 40. S 99 22 E
40.14, X 102.t>0. lot 23. Roosevelt Terrace. Oak
land, deed and agreement; $S00.
J. F.. Elizabeth and Ellen Lourhery and
L. G. and Mary I. Buroee to R. W. Gorrill.
\°} °n S Une of Thirty-first street. 197:6 E of
Wr «; E 32:6 by S 140. portions of lots 14 and
15. block 2O34, Rowland Tract. Oakland; $10. '
Karl H. and Ruth B. Nickel to B. H. Welch,
lot on XW line of Fifth avenue, 50 NE of
East Eighteenth street. XE 100. NW 175, SW
50, SE 50. SW 50. SE 125. East Oakland: $«>-
William and Charlotte Yulll to David anj
J £? le . P *- u1 ' lot qn s Hm ot Delaware street.
102.S. W of Shattuck avenue. W 4O by S '134:31
lot 8. block 5. S*a View Park. East Oakland;
ringer (wife of -William), lot on E line of Grove
street. RC6.02 S of Mason. S 40. E S1.415. N
40.726 W 80.07, "lot 32, block «, amended map
Central Park. Alcatraz and Newbury stations.
Berkeley: $10. __
San Francisco Savings Union to Thomas
Byrne, lot 1. block 11. Amended map, same.
Berkeley; $CCO. • , • -,
Arthur P. and Lettle W. Holland to Jean M.
Campbell lot 31, block B- map University Park,
nrar university. Oakland; $10. _
Georglanna. de R. Baronides to Carl Fuetsch,
lots 1 to 3, block 2*. map I. M. Wentworth Boot
and Shoe Co.'s /Tract. 3erke!ey: $10.
R. H. Warned and R. R. Bigelow to Willis
G. Witter.- Io: on 8 line Dwight way. «0 rt -«*,
of Dana, tKtng SE corner Dwtght way and Ells
worth, E 1*0:6 by S 134:6. Berkeley: $100.
Ernst and Emma Vcrwlebe to Joseph J.
Rezenti, lota 01 and 92. map Elmhurst square.
Brooklyn Township; $10. \
Myron H. and Sarah Flsl» to Leah T. w°«
(single), lot on W line of Union street. .2 3 of
Alamerla avenue. S 3.S by W 101, block 4. Bart
lett Tract. Alameda: ?1O.
Joseph and Mary McMaster to Western Meat
Company (a corporation), lot C. block 21. map
McMaster's subdivision of block 21. Alameda
Park Homestead. Alameda; $10.
W. A. McKowan to Regents of University or
California all property wheresoever situated
now possess;*! by first party: $1. '*l\.\ „
Elizabeth Merr*»ll (wife of J. M.I to H. H.
Belilen. lot on S line .of Sycamore street. »?>»•»
W of Telegraph avenue, W 33:4 by S 100. Oak
land; $10. w j. •
George W. Austin (single) to Blanche K. \ an
Iteltren (wife of Gecrge E.). lot on N line of
Merrimae street. 31)7:04 W of -Telegraph ave
nue. W 40 by X 70 00. lot 7, Austin Park, Oak
land: $10.
William C. "and Bettie C. Reichenecker to
Harriet L. R. Gibson (wife of J. B.h lot be
ginning at intersection of E line of Echo ave
nue with NW line of Rose. NE 183.81. SW 131»
S 54 being subdivision 1 oC let 16. map No. 3,
Glen Echo Tract, etc., Oakland; $10.
Judson M. and Louise S. Davis to Lester
Relff. rerecord 943 D. 1C2 of lot on S corner of
East Eighteenth street and Twelfth avenue. SE
9«> by SW 40, block 92, Clinton, East Oakland;
$10. i
Realty Syndicate (a corporation) to Frank T.
McHenry, M 40 feet of lot 7, S 20 feet of lot 6.
S 20 feet of lot 17. N* 40 feet of lot IS. block I,
map of Central Piedmont Tract, Oakland Town
ship, deed and agreement: $10.
Judson and Catherine Wheeler to James L.
Barker and W. J. Mortimer, rerecord 942 D.
153. lot 12. block 2. lots 13 and 14, block 1. lots
7 to 9, block 5. amended map of portion of La
LoriWPark and Wheeler Tract. Berkeley: J10O.
John and Ada M. Hinket to Joseph J. Mason.
lot on NE corner of Mason and Harper streets,
X 90. E 122. S 8S.59, W to beginning, portion
of lots 4 to 6, block 10, map of subdivision of
block 10. Central Park 'Tract. Berkeley; $1CO. .
Henry C. and -Margaret W. Blddle to Gus
tave Llebcher. lot on E line of Regent street.
10O N of Stuart. N» 50 by E 148. lot 15, block C.
Berry- Bangs Tract, Berkeley: $1325.
Scenic Park Realty Company (a corporation)
to E. Kurpachaff. lot 7, bfbek 11, Daly's Scenic
Park, Berkeley; $10..
• -
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, DECEMBER 23, ..1903.
15
REAL ESTATE—CITY FOR SALE.
M5,0tn>— RENTS $5400 a year net to owner:
new downtown hotel; 70 rms., 17 baths;
electric elevator; under lease* to Al ten-
ant l ¦ -
$17,500 — Choice business property on McAllister
' st: 2 stores and 2 flats; S rms. and
tath; rent extremely low at $131iJ a
-ear; this is an established business
portion of the Wectern Addition with a
grand future. \
$7.500 — Residence, Washington st., near
Devisadero: 9 Large sunny rms. and
bath; high basement; house well planned;
very pretty garden.,
$7,5<X> — Flms. 5 and 6 rir.«.; Grove St.. 2
blocks from Park Panhandle; In first-
class condition: rent$55*
$7,500 — Flats and stores; rent $9»5 a month;
Fulton *t., nr.ar City Hal!; heavily 1
mortgaged; building in first-class condi- |
'• tion; call early for description, as this
piece of property will 6€ll quickly.
JC.750 — Rents $7M) per annum; 4 absolutely
new flaw; modern in every respect; pat-
ent gas grates, electricity, wooden man-
tels, open plumbing, porcelain baths,
tiled 6inks. high basements: large lot.
50-foot frontage; located In nice portion
ot the Mission.
$5.500 — Residence; Park Panhandle; a per-
fect beauty: 6 m«. and porcelain bath";
ouilt only 2 years; owner leaving city;
rr.ust sell; C300O mortgage ; take advant-
age of this.
$1,750— Residence: almost new; Ashbury
Heights; 10 rmp. and porcelain bsth;
teautlful , throughout; tlectrtc lights,
tiled .-Irks, vestibule recr;*ion hall; In
fact, revelation in modern architecture;
a sacrifice.
$4,500 — Gearj-et. residence, near Steiner; 7
rmi. and bath: a snap for the rdoncy.
S3t"00 — Mortgage $3000; owner must sell;
beautiful residence; 9 rms^ and bath;
modern throughout: Just think! only
$700 cash needed to secure this home;
located in Western Addition.
$3,5Cfj — Birch ave.; 2 fine flats, rented to
steady tenants at $30 per month: $1600
mortgage can remain; this is 9 positive
bargain.
For further particulars, inquire of
EAS*TON, ELDRIDGE & COMPANY.
638 Market st.
HEADQUARTERS FOR PARK LOTS.
$5«0 TO $1200; VERY EASY TERMS. .
Wfcy do so many buy our Oceaneide lots?
Because no others there compare with them, j
They have unobstructed ocean and park view.
They are on "Official Grade"; ready for
building.
Every lot is a bargain. See them to-day.
Get eff car* cor. 47th ave. and H st.
$60 to $£50; near rark and ocean; $5 monthly.
'•Oceapside" brancti office, cor. 49th ave. and
K'st. Open Sundays and holidays.
$500 to $1000 — Unexcelled Sunset district Iota;
graded and eewered; $1D monthly.
Sunset branch office en 9th ave , near H st.
$150 TO $350: DON'T MISS THIS.
New lots in the Excelsior Homestead.
Perfectly level; choicest location of all.
Near Mtssion-st. cars. $5 monthly.
$1200 to $5500; modern cottages and houses
In Sunset Richmond, Oceanside and. Excel-
¦icr Homestead.
ALL BARGAINS: EASY TERMS.
SOL. GETZ & SON. ~ Owners apd Dealers. ,
Room 54, 4th fteior. Chronicle bldg.'
W. J. GUNN,
530 CALIFORNIA ST.
(Savings Union Building.)
tl7Z0 — Cheapest lot in Wmern Addition, on
sunny side Union st. near Broderlck: 25x100;
grand marine view; easy terms; $100 first pay-
ment. $4O per month: ready for building: choice
location for flats: 2 fine flats to be erected im-
mediately on adjoining lot Just sold; on the
other side ig a fine residence. There is a great
demand for flats and residences ln this local-
ity ar.d they bring big rents; every one wants
a marine view, and the demand Is Increasing;
there Is nothing vacant ln the vicinity; this is
a 12 per cent a year income proposition, if
improved.
W. J. GUNN. 530 CALIFORNIA ST.
MCE new sunny cottage. 6 rooms, bath; fine
wood jnintH: cement sidewalk; high base-
ment; can be had c-n terms isame as rent; %
block from cars: 20 Merrttt st; take Eigh-
teenth-ft. car. get off at Hattie.
START the new year ln your own home; $250
ar.d $20 per month, -cottage 5 rooms and
bath: $250 and $25 per month, house. 6 rooms
and bath: $250. new 5-room cottage and $25
per month. P. COFFIN. 3303 Mission et
BUILD on yrur unimproved - realty; we loan
full cost improv. and part lot at 8 per cent
MANHATTAN LOAN CO.. Crocker building.
$1400— CLIPPER St.; cottage. 4 rooms; 3 attics-
high basement. J. STRAUB, 630 Market st
LOTS N or 6 side of Golden Gate Park, nur-
ch*sed by W. J. QX^iif^ 630 California st
PLUMBING in all its branches: Jobbing. A HL-
BACII A MAYER. Plumbers. S36 Howard.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call
16 r^ce* . ln wrapper, for mallleg. $1 per yea*.
REAL ESTATE— Country— For Kale.
718 ACBES rear Mayfleld. 11 njiles~frcm sin
Jose: loo acres full bearing prunes; large
vineyard: all good land; water piped every-
where; immense concrete reservoirs; fine
houses, stables, bams, etc.; fenced ln 5 fields-
cost $160,000; xirice $50,000. THORNE &
KILPATR1CK. 312 Bush st. San Francisco,
A CimiSTMAS GIFT. ~ "
Kor the family; summer cottage and lot at
Erookdaie. Santa Cruz County, for eale; $350.
Apply box 95. Fruitvale ¦ P. O.
$10 A MONTH burs a 10-acr* farm. ~
$C00 profit per annum per acr«.
Write for booklet It's free. 403 J st.
WRIGHT & KIMBROUGH. Sacramento. Cat
ALFALFA lands, stock ranches, orchards,
vsr-j arts: icspected bargains; monthly cata-
logues sent Jree. C. M. V.'OOSTER CO.. <UH
Market st
POINT RICHMOND REA1, ESTATE.
WATER r"rcnt lots and bargains: all tracts-
map*, photos, etc. BELL. 417 Parrott bldg.
REAL "ESTATE TO EXCHANGE.
A HOUSE of I rooms and bathTn good loca-
tion in Oakland to exchange for small ranch
ln Alameda County. P. C. LASSEN & CO
4*50 Tenth Et.. Oakland. ?
i FORTY- acres cf land with $1200 water right In
Colorado to trade for an automobile • Box
3CP4. Call. -. . .
BERKELEY ADVERT'S'M'XTS
BIORKELEY REAL ESTATE.
A — 6-ROOM, nearly new cottage; bafn. pantry,
all modern: electric and gas fixtures con-
nected; good location: convenient to 2 eta-
tions: price $2500, $250 caeh. balance $20 per
month. -. O. A. RUDOLPH,
Open Sundays. Lorin Station.
BIO bargain; low price; easy terms; 6-room
cottage; bath, pantry, chicken house, good
deep well: nice lot garden, fruit trees; price
$1W>; terms $250 cash, balance $12 50 snonlh-
ly; this property Is only 2 blocks to R. R
station. . O. A. RUDOLPH,
Op*n Sundays. . ¦• Lortn Station.
OAKLAND* ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE, 1118 BBOADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
?37.V>— FOURTEENTH St.. near Market: h.mse
.ot 6 rooms; 2 attic rooms; lot 50x100; J1500
cash. JOSEPH STRAUB, C30_Market st.
San Francisco; ,
MODERN 2-etory house, T rooms and bath;
central location: rent $27. 145I. West " st.
Oakland. ¦ .
OAKLAM) ROOMS TO LET.
MONTANA House. 320 Eighth . st ; sunny
suites and single rooms ¦ for housekeeping
O AKL AND JFURyiTURE FOR \ SALE.
TO-iIOHPX»W the day for bargains In furnl-
fjre. H. Schellhaa* . Ilth tt.cor.gtore.Oakland.'
TYPEWRITERS AND SCPPLIES. r
AN excepticnnlly good No. 2 Remington. NoTl[
Eralth Premier. $23: other typewriters at
higher and lower prices: rentals $2 50. The
.Typewriter Exchange. 256 California at
A FEW gcod typewriters at $20 each; get par-
ticulars cf L. & M. ALEXANDER. 110 Mont-
gomery St r ,- . -. -
SD-HAND typewriters sold, rented, repaired.
Wefcrter Typewriter Inspec. Co.. 60S Market
.¦^- ~.;.^^J~-J*?, jiff? £*•??£?¦¦• .'- ;- ,- ,.- -v --. 77"
CATARBH. DEAFNESS awl NOISES ln EARS
positively cured; new method; 1 week's treat-
ment free. Dr. Cottlngbatn, . 204 SutteivBt.
CALLNDA- R WITH NEXT SUN DA Y S CALL
ItOOMSJPOR JHOUSEKEEPIXG.
AT the Knickerbocker apartnulnts, 1340 Pine
st.. near Hyde; apartments all taken; call
and leave orders for reserves. -
BIRCH ave.. 615— f 8; 3 nice, unfurnished .
rooms for housekeeping. 642. Grove st.
FOURTH. 225 — Nice housekeeping rooms; also
single rooms.
FRANKLIN,* 45— Sunny connecting housekeep-
Ing roorea. S15 and $18; single. $C. $8 & $10.
GEARY, 1002— NIc-ely furnished sunny rooms,
en suite or single; housekeeping privileges;
running water; gas; reasonable.
GILLESPIE.' Hi) Ninth St.— Sunny furnished
bedrrtcms and housekeeping, Jl 00 to $3 25
I week: phone Mint 2S61.
' KEARNY. 104— Newly tinted • sunny unftlr.
front suite Sc kitchen;coal range ;no. children.
MISSION. 1219. bet. Eighth and Ninth— Sunny
furnished housekeeping rooms; complete. '
NATOMA, 2W, near 4th— 2 furnished house-
keeping rooms; water; closets; rent $i).
O'FARRELL, 1300— Newly furn. apartments,
boarding or light hpkg; 1. 2 or 3 rooms.
POLK. . 102O, near Geary— 'Neatly furnished
'front housekeeping room*; reasonable.
TWENTY-THIRD. 372«. near Dolores— Bay-
wlndow rooms; n'.ce; neat; complete.
VAN NESS ave.. 700— Two gunny front rooms,
complete for housekeeclng: 125.
APABTMENT HOUSES. "
ST. LOUIS. 1575 Jackson »t— Modern 3-4-3
rooms, also single; furnished or unfurnished; t
marine view; now open; references.
MONTCLAIR APARTMENTS,
Corner Pine and Taylor sts.; beautiful new
modern apartments; all sunny corner itiltta;
furnished or unfurnished; none- superior; Bta-
rine view. LTON A HOAG. 116 Montgomery.
THE GABLES. ~~~
Cor. Clay and Larkln sts — Modern 3-4-5-room
up-to-date apartments; furnished or unfur-
nished; all latest conveniences; reservations
can be made on premises, 1 to 4; terms reas.
ST. CECIL. llfctTell st_ above Van Ness— The
acme of perfqlfion Jn modern, elegantly f ur-
nijbefl 3-room apartments; private baths,
steam heat, olec, lights, elevator, gas ranges.
HADDON HALL.
ftil EDDY ST. REFERENCES.
ROOMS . TO LET — Fnrn. and Unfnrn.
AURORA, corner Second and Folsom sts. — N«w
house, new furniture: every room outside;
modern and sunny; prices from. $1 50 per
week up; this Is the only up-to-date house ln
this vicinity: first -class grill attached.
A— BRUNSWICK House, 14S Sixth St.— Rooms
25c to $1 p'r night, f 1 23 to $5 per week and
light housekeeping rooms; open all night
ASHWORTH. 320 Mason st, bet. Geary and
Post — Suite and single rooms with or with-
out' private bath; sun in rooms all day.
AT "The Almonte." 873 Market st. (or No. 1
Fifth St)— Rooms. 25c, 50c. $1. |1 50 night;
, $1 50 to $10 week; house open all night
AT the Pierpont, 430 Ellis— Newly furnished
rmi,; elevator; hot Sc cold water;' transient
BURNETT, 1426 Market {old No. 13*4) — Fur-
nished rooms, suite, single; also unfurnished.
CLIFFORD. 204 Ellis, corner Mason— 31egantiy
furnished sunny rooms; crimes reasonable.
FILI-MORe! 1021— Sunny newly furnished
EUlte; also sunny single room; rent reason-
able. !
FOURTH. 473 — Nicely furnished room ln pri-
vate family: rent reasonable.
Golden Gate ave., 622 — Sunny parlor suite 3 rms.
completely turn.: gas range; bath & laundry.
GRAND Southern, 7th and Minion — Rooms 60c
to $1 60 night; $1 to $3 week; reading-room.
HARRIET. SC— Kitchen, dining-room and bed-
room ;_ furnished or unfurnished.
LAGUNA and McAllister. St James flat — Sun-
ny single room.
LARCHMONT, 361 Sutter— Sunny rooms; elec-
tric lights; elevator; central; transient'
LARKIN, 816B— Small, light room, large hall,
closet bath and phone; reasonable.
MISSION. 114S — Elegantly furnished front
suite; piano; single rooms from $1 SO week.
MISSION. 1514, near Eleventh — Large, sunny
front room: 1 or 2 gentlemen; 12 25 per wk.
NINTH. 119 iGlllespie)— Nicely furnished rooms
%l 50 to $2 50 per week; 50c to 75c per night
POWELL. 317 — Sunny 'front suite for doctor or
dentist: also other furnished rooms.
ROYAL House. 12« Ellis — Incandescent lights,
reading-room, smoking-room and ladiea' par-
lor: rooms per night 35c to $1 60; week. (2
to $8; month, $3 to $30: elevator on ground
floor, rooms with hot * n 'l cold water; baths.
STEVENSON. 622, bet. 5th & 6th— Nicely fur-
nished sunny front room; gent; $3; mo. only.
STEVENSON. 797^. near Ninth— Nicely fur-
nlshed rooms; cheap.
SUTTEB, 236 — The Crane — Elegantly furnished
rooms; downtown; suite or single; $10 up.
THE FREMONT, 1S84 MARKET ST.— Strictly
. first-class elegantly furn. rooming hctel.
Tel. South 1133. Capt H. O. Ulberg. Prop.
UNITED STATES. 123 Eddy, near Market— 400
rooms, 35c to 41 night $1 75 to $6 week; elec-
tric lights (no gas), running water in every
room; elevator, read. -room; free bus; baggage.
VAN NESS, 519 — Handsome sunny furnished
suites and single rooms; all conveniences.
WINCHESTER Hotel, 44 3d st, near Market—
Most convenient and respectable; 700 rooms;
35c to $1 50 night: $2 to $8 week; elevator;
elec. lights; reading-room; free bus; baggage.
. — , 1 i — ,
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call Branch office, cor. Duncan & Church sts.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions haa beea established at 1096
Valencia ft 1
A BRANClf office cf The Call for the reception
of advertisements and subscriptions has been
opened at 1005 Market Et., opposite Fifth.
Open until 11 p. m. ¦
.ROOMS AND BOARD,
A— - HOTEL BALTIMORE.
VAN NESS AVE.. NEAR GEART ST.
AMERICAN PLAN.
PHONE PRIVATE EXCHANGE 708.
SELECT FIRST-CLASS FAMILY HOTEL.
HOT AND COLD OCEAN WATER. .
SPECIAL RATES BY THE MONTH.
MUNGER & ZEBERQ. PROPRIETORS
A- HOTEL HATTON
— COR. PINE AND TAYLOR
¦ This new and rustic constructed hotel Is elt-
uated In the city's swellest quarter and will
-be handsomely furnished throughout with all
th'e very latest conveniences, is now open for
occupancy; reservations can now b* made on
premises dally. . •
CHANGE OF PROPRIETORS. ! - „ '
MANHATTAN HOTEL. 1704 Market et— A
strictly first-class family and tourist hotel of
unquestioned respectability.' American plan.
A THE DRESDEN ¦ '¦
SELECT FAMILY BOARDING-HOUSE. 1442
FULTON.BET. BRODERICK AND BAKER.
HOTEL MARTINET, Geary st. and Van Ness
ave., has changed hands; hereafter conducted
first-class family hotel; table board specialty.
CALIFORNIA, 1246— Most select location In
m->derrt, elegantly furnished private home;
table unsurpassed; marine view.
PINE. 777 — Pleasant rooms: good board; bath,
piano, phone; home ¦ comfort*; young. ladies
and gentlemen; $4, $5, $6 per week.'
Stevenson mansion, 807 California — Fine rmi;
new- chefs; colored service; table specialty.
O'FARRELL, 30$ — Furnished rooms; horn*
cooking: German family; $6 per week.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call, lti page*, sent to any address in the
United States or Canada.- one year, for $1,
postage paid. - • -. . ¦ •
£EVVI>G3IACHI>ES .AND SC^PPLIE^
A. "WHITE" Cbristma* can be had without
snow. Have you J seen our latest White
• Sewing Machine? Automatic lift, ''chatn-
stttch. lockstitch and hemstitch -comblna-
5 tkjn; we rent or sell on easy payments; ' we
want sewing machine men; come and have
a talk with us; phone' Black 1106. 3C0 Post
St.; 1S41 Flllmore st and 70S -Valencia^ St.,
S. F..' or phone . Brush 551 470 13Ui et.
Oakland. WHITE SEWING MACHINE CO.
NEW HOME sewing machine; this week only;
S10. $15. $20; slightly used; needles 20c do*.
NEW HOME S. M. .CO..~ 1051 Market st ?¦
STORAGE AND WAREHOUSES.
A— EMPORIUM Storage & Van Co. ; furniture,
household goods stored, moved, chipped. 725-
- 731 Howard st.. nr. Third: phone Grant 161.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage A Moving Co.. of-
, flee Post and Powell «ts.; tel. Prive. Ex. 871.
CONKLIN*S stonfge — Furniture ! and merchan-
dise. 333 Golden Gate ave.; phone East 126. 1
GOLDEN West Storage; -advances made; 840
Mission st; tel. Howard 941.. F. W. Zehtua*.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
pany. 2320 Flllmore st; phone Jackson 28L
BEKINS -Van and Storage Co.. 11 Montgomery
.»_ tt.: teL. Main 1810. Shipping at cut rates.* .
STUTTERIXG AXP STAMMERING.
MELBOURNE School, Van Ness-Market — Cure
In every case: individual teaching; no medi-
cine. Inquire Into wonderful cures; home cure.
'•¦"'•' DIVIPfeXD" NOTICES. '
DIVIDEND - NOTICE-^CALIFORNIA* SAFE
DEPOSIT AND TRUST COMPANY, corner
California and Montgomery sts.. For the
six months. ending December 31, 1903, divi-
dends have .been declared on deposits ln the
savings department of this company, as fol-
lows : On term . deposits at the rate of
3 6-10 per cent per annum, and on ordinary
deposits at sther rate of. 3 per cent per an-
um, free of taxes, and payable on and after
Saturday, January 2, 1004. Dividends un-
called for are> added to the principal after
January 1. 19W. 1 J. DALZELL BROWN.
Manager. • •
SAN FRANCISCO and Suburban Home Build-
ing Society. 6th floqr. Mutual Savings Back
building <08 Market St., opposite Third^ —
For the half-year ending 31st of Decetnber,
1O<W. a dividend has been declared at the
rate per annum of (12) twelve per cent on
. cdpltil stock and participating certificates,
.Jree of taxex, payable on and after SATUR-
DAY. January 2. 1004. JOSEPH A. LEON-
ARD. Manager. HUGH CRAIG. Secretary.
DIVIDEND NOTICE — ,SAN FRANCISCO
SAVINGS UNION. 532 California at. corner
Webb. For the half year ending with the 31st
. of December 1UQ3, a dividend has been de-
clared at the rate per annum of three and
one-half (3}i) per cent on term deposits
and three (it) per cent on ordinary deposits,
' free of taxes, payable on and after Saturday,
- January 2, 1904. LOVELL WHITE, Cashier.
DIVIDEND Notice — The German Savings and
Loan Society, 526 California st— For the half
year ending with December 31, 1903, a dlvl.
dend has been declared at the rate of three
and one-quarter (3H) P*r cent per. annum on
all deposits* free of taxes, payable on and af-
ter Saturday, January 2, 1904."
. GEORGE TOURXY, Secretary.
THE CONTINENTAL BUILDING AND LOAN
ASSOCIATION, 301 California st, San Fran-
cisco, Cal., has declared a dividend for the
year ending December 31, 1903, of 5 per cent
on ordinary deposits, 6 per cent on term de-
posits and 8 per cent to stockholders, free of
taxe^s. DR. WASHINGTON DODGE. Presl-
dent. W r M. CORBIN, Sec, and Gen. Mgr.
DIVIDENlA Notice— Mutual Savings Bank "of
San Franll-ico, No. 710 Market street — For
the half-year ending December 31, 1003, a
dividend has be?n declared at the rate of
three and twenty one-hundredtKs (3.20) per
cent per annum on all deposits, free of taxes,
payable on and after SATURDAY. January
2. 1004. GEORGE A. STORY. Cashier.
FRENCH SAVINGS BANK— For the half year
ending December 31. 1903. a dividend has
betn declared at the rate of three and one-
eighth (3^) per cent per annum ondeposlts,
payable on or after Saturday, January 2,
1904. LEON BOCQUERAZ, Secretary.
THE Humboldt Savings and Loan Society. IS
Oeary st, .has declared a dividend of 3Vi
per cent t>er annum on deposits, free of
taxes, for the term ending December 31, lOOo.
payable on and after January 2. 1004.
WE. PALMER. Cashier.
MARRIiVGE LICENSES^
The following marriage licenses were Issued
Vioi-rd.-i:.-:
Abraham Gutman, 2S. 359 Clementina street,
and Ray Becker. 21. 322 Pacific street.
Edwin A. Wasserman. 23, 1004 Golden Gate
avenue, and Helen T. Newman, 21, 1021 La-
guna ptreet.
Vlncenzo Catoleca, 30. 577 Chestnut street,
and Maria Tarantin<V 22, 5S4 Chestnut street.
. Albert C. Berg, 28. 5C0 Howard street, and
Augusta Berlin, 27, A&tos.
John G. Cacace, 25. Marshall, and Mary S.
Pavetilch, 18, Marshall. ¦ 1
Daniel C. Morgan, 35, Cherokee, and Retta
L. Duenising, 18, Cherokee.
Charley R. Blakeley, 27, Kern City, and
Emma Jefferson. 25v Richmond.
William A. Reinholdt, 49, Petaluma, and
Auguste Stehn, 3.1, city.
Maurice J. Keegan. 21, Santa Rosa, and
Flrtrence McDonald. IS, Santa Rosa.
Thomas Fitzgerald. 25, Sacramento, and
Katie Hagerty, 24. 26 Antonio street.
James T. Arey. 21. Oakland, and Charlotte
C. Cortage. 18. Oakland.
Eugene L. Violland, 53, 516 Dupont street,
and Maria C. Q. Jacques. 49. 516 Dunont st.
Herman Krueser. 35, 25 Minna street, and
Margarethe Metzler, 33, 1S42 Larkln street..
Frank P. Stuber. 26, 88 Ninth street, and
Blanche L. Hdyford, IS. Laramle City, Wyo.
Harold Latter. CS. 314 Hyde street, and Edith
Rcther. 2«, 314 Hyde street^ L ... ; ,„
BIRTHS— MABRIA6ES— DEATHS
Birth, marriage and death, notices sent by
, mall will not be Inserted. They must be handed
In at either of the publication offlces and be
Indorsed with the name and residence of per-i
sons authorized to have the same published.
Notices restricted simply to the announcement
of the event are published once In this column
free of charge.
BORX.
HILL — In this city, December 21. 1903 to the
Wife of Charles B. Hill, a son.
DIED. ~"
Albright, Major Geo. Koblcke, Robert C.
Bermudes. George Lawler, Ablna M
Bigelow, Rev. Geo. Longtln. Jean B.
Bradbury, Dr. Geo. Lowell. Cart A. T.
Brother Venantlus O'Connor, Catherine
Cyril <D. Collins) O'Gara, John
Chlsholm. Roderick Putzmann. Hermann
Collins. Frank Smith. Tully
" Cooney. Mary Strasser, Cella.
Dougherty, John M. Thomas. William B.
Finley. Margaret A. Thyes, Ernest P.
Gilllons, Frank , Tyson, Col. Joseph
Grosbauer. Sophl* Upton. Thomas
Hlggins, Joseph H." 1
ALBRIGHT — In Frultvale, December 22. 1903
Major George W. Albright, beloved husband
of Fannie T. Albright, and father of G.
Frank, W. D. and Violet K. Albright and
Mrs. Howard W. Bray, a native of Philadel-
phia, aged 69 years 5 months and 10 days
(Ft. Louis and Philadelphia papers please
copy.) x
E7"Frlenaa and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
Thursday afternoon. December 24. 1003. at
2 O'clock, at his late home, 1251 -Twenty-
seventh avenue, Frultvaie. Interment pri-
vate.
BERMUDES— In this city/ December 21. 1003.
George Bermudes, beloved sen of Mrs. M. D.
Weill, a native of California, aged 19 years.
C Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral Thursday
morning. December 24. 1903, at 10 o'clock,
from the mortuary chapel of the Oolden
Gate Undertaking Company. 2475 Mission
iHreet. near Twenty-first Interment Cypress
Lawn Cemetery.
BIOELOW— In this city. December 20 19O»
Ilev. G»org* Hooper Bigelow, dearly beloved
son of Susie Hooper Bigelow and the lat«
George Homer Bigelow, and dearly beloved
I brother of .. Susie Mabel Bigelow and Ajny
Bigelow Jackson. and . Princeton
papers please copy.)
ETFuneral services at the residence of his
mother, 3014 ' Buchanan street, at 10-30
' p'chjck Wednesday. December 23. Interment
Cypress Lawn Cemetery.-, • ' ,
BRADBURY— In Modesto. Ca!.. December 22
1003. Doctor Georse F., husband, of Fanny
N. Bradbury, father of William G. Brad-
bury,, and son of Nsr.cy M. Bradbury, a na-
tive of Indiana, aged 40 years 7 months and
12 days. - ..
C^Notlce. of funeral hereafter.
BROTHER' VENANTIUS CYRIL— In Oakland
December 21, 1003, Brother Venantius Cyril
. (Dennis Collins), a native of County Cork
Ireland, aged 41 years and 11 months.
(C Friend* and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to Rttcnd the funeral Wednes-
day. December 23, 1903, from St Mary's
Colltse Chat**!, where a requiem high mass
will be celebrated for the repose of his soul,
• commencing . at 10 o'clock. Interment St'
Mary's Cemetery, j Oakland.
CHISHOLM— In this city, December 20 1003
Roderick Chisholm of Dawson, Y T be-
loved husband of Annie Chisholm, a native
of Nova Scotia, aged 27 years.
COLLINS^— In" this city, December 21, 1003
Frank, - -dearly beloved husband of ' Nellie
Celllns, sen of Mrs. K. Fuller of Columbus,
Ohio, and brother of Mrs. Helen Smith and
Mrs. George Voltz. a native of New York
aged 2i years 7.mcnths and 20 days. *
ETFrieruJs and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Wednesday), ; 'nt 1 o'clock, '?rom his late
~Te.«tiI*nce, It* Madison avenue" thence to St
Hose's Church for services at ¦ 1 :30 o'clock!
j Interment Holy. Cross Cemetery.
COONEY— In this city. December 21 1903
Man', beloved wife of Thomas Cooney and
mother of Maggie. .Thomas, Aggie. John and
James Cooney,- Mrs. P. H. McCarthy and
Mrs. P. J. Collins, a. native of County Gal-
way, Ireland/ aged 47 years.
I (CTRemalns at the parlors of J. c. O'Con-
nor & 'Co.. 767 Mission street, between
Third and Fourth.
DOUGHERTY— In this city, December 21
lOOa, John M. Dougherty, beloved son of
; Mary and the late Michael Dougherty, and
HENRY J. CALL ACHER CO~
(Successors to Flannagan & Gallagher'.")
' D A N IEL ' P. DON O VAN. Mgr. . '
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS.
20 Fifth st.. opposite Lincoln School.
r ... : _ '; -Telephone South SO. - . ¦
UNITED 'UNDERTAKERS.
. -Funeral Directors and Embalmtrs.-^
. -•' • Formerly /In*- Metropolitan Tempia. ' -
..Now^atfittO MISSION. T*L South 167. :
Between Fourth and Fifth, near. Fifth st
Finn t Equipments ' at ' Moderate ' Rates. . '
*O\K* TO r.OAN— rnndniiert,
ALL lcai« en diamonds ar.d Jewelry 2 per cent
»a S. v. Collateral Loan Eank. Z£j« Kearny.
CPEN Credit Ass'n. lo£r.« en salar'es confiden-
tially: nt-w.iin-.ple plan. Room So. Slv Market
3% CN furniture & ri*r.c«; $15 up: no removal;
no cam. V. THEMAIN. room Si. ts Eddy st
1 PER c«:r.t en furniture or piano. 1003 Mu-
tua.1 Saving* Bank bids.. 708 Market st.
STAR Loan Co. of Wyoming loans rnc?:ey to I
ra'.aried employes. R. 311. Mutual Sav.Bk.bld. \
CASH !c*r.ed f3lar1»d people on notes withont '
Ind^yr. XORELL. €03 E»»mlr.'>r bonding.
MISICAL INSTRUMENTS.
a F^v~^riXi7AX~u1Pu7(nrr^iAl<o^B^^
GAINS: '
Cellar*. f.".5; Emerson. $«5; Filsher $70;
Miller, 5375; CfcScker-.Rg. $1C7: American.
JI6P, He:ne. 1235;- Haynes. $150; 6telnway.
$!«¦;: £te.nway, large style. $325. and fifty
others. P.rr.ts. $2 up; 'nstallnsenu. $4 up.
HEINE PIANO CO.. 2*0-237 Geary street:
O£kl*r.d branch. Fifteenth and Broadway. cl<J
P. O. tl<2g.
THE holidays are clofi at hand and all who
ccnt*n:p!at« selecting a piaso are advised to
«l'-ct ddS) week Bd as to avoid tie delay or
rufh week. A small payment down will se-
cure the instrument and delivery cs.n be
made wtea you wish; 5:10 upward Is all you
r.et^d ray. THE ZEXO MAUVAIS MUSIC
COMPANY. 7&> Marktt *t. ?
WE rent the be« piano ln the city for $3 per x
month: we allow six months' rental and
ctrt&ce <J20) eff purchase price, thus giving
you • eii months' trial of the instrument fcr
nothing; our terras and trrioes cannot b*
equaled ln San Francisco.
SCOTT-CURT AZ PIANO CO.. 5O)-64 Hayes st
A FINE lot cf second-hand uprights from $50
¦~; including fuch mcket as Chlckering. Vose,
Kroegcr. Curtai. Klrkhim. Pease. Hardman,
Marshall & Wendell. Baus and others. BENJ.
CCRTA2 & SON. 16 OFaxreU st No
branches is San. Fraaclsco.
A TREMENDOUS sacrifice; unredeemed stor-
age p'.ar.cs and furniture selling to pay stor-
age; dirt cheap. Whitehead's Storage. 1538
Market rt. Open evenings.
BAND instruments; F. Beeson. Parts, maker;
Gut Maiwtl4. Agt. Pac Coast. 27S O'Farrell;
ek;Uiul repairing; 2d-hand instruments sold.
A LOT cf professional drums for beys; cheap.
M. J. KQCHMAN. 258 Turk ft.
S3J<0— ELEGANT urrigtt piano; will trade for
c'-tacnet. Bex 4SS3, Call.
f65 — UPPJGHT rlano; Steck mahogany; nearly
r.ew. HORNUNG BROS.. 216 McAllister st
AT .MOST cheaper than firewood; storage pianos
A furrlture. 1636 Market st. Open evenings.
ALMOST r.ew upright; dieap; cash cr tastall-
ccat. SCHMITZ A CO.. 16 McAllister st
BEAUTIFUL 3-pedal Etelnway upright piano;
jverfect order; sacrifice. Keeffe's.SSS O'Farrell.
eOHifER. Byron Mauzy pianos. Ceclllan plaao
player. BYRON MAUZY. 308-312 Poet st
EUPERIOR vlc-Mr.?, zithers, oil and new. H.
&ILXLER. tsaker. repairer. 2 Latham place.
PERSONALS.
EAIiON'S CLOAK AND SUIT HOUSE.
Young- ladies steadily ernj-lcyed can have
Baron's cloaks, suits, furs and tallcr-ma.de
euits to order; en weekly or mocthly pay-
ments plan, at regular marked prices. Con-
vince yourself by calling ca BARON, 762
Market «t
GENTLEMAN <43). good character, healthy,
no liquor or tobacco habit with same means,
desires acquaintance of respectable rr.a'.i or.,
widow with pome means, age 30 to 40; object
rcatrtacny. F. DE CORL1NI. Vista, de Cor-
recs. Vcra Cruz. Mexico.
THE Star Hair P.eiaeuy restores gray hair. Im-
proves Its growth, etcps falling, cures daslruS
and itching scalp: no stain or stickiness;
clesxses ecalp; at druggists', hairdressers: ac-
cept no eutstitute. Star Remedy CO..132& Polk.
LADIES* iterfectloe seamlees rubber gloves
keep the hands smooth, matt and white while
doing toousework; postpaid $1 23; send siie of
k:d worn. Perfection Rubber Co., box 57,
Lima, Ohio.
A— COME and let our doctors give you free
exarr.lna.tlon ard advice; you ray for the
rr.ediclr.e only ar.d at the lowest prices. LION
PHARMACY. 1MO Mieslcn et, cor. Ilth.
WANTED — Protestant hnutfkwjJT .witiviut ln-
oumtraB'**. «t»cut 3i> yearn. J»r ringle man;
v r.rr or Jr-jlt ranch; object matrimony.
H'i. 3t2S. Call efflre.
NOT h'>w cheap but how srood is the motto of
the rr.£TruJacttsrerB cf the Rapid Rctary
Standard, the sewing-machine cf to-day. J.
W. EVANS, agent. 1C11 Market st.
A NEW idea in Jewelry and .Central American
caries. Indian curtains, dr«pen«-s, shawls.
etc.: the «>r.ly ptore in the city (hit carries
this. FROWIPS & SON. VZU Polk. nr. gutter
DRUNKENNESS. ciTpfcir.e ar.d all drugs dial
eases positively cured by Willow Bark Co..
IS39 Pclk et: consultation free; call cr write.
LIQUOR fcabit cured In 2 days cr no.charges;
guaranteed. Acm* LJqucr Cure Cu., 937 Mar-
ket «.. roorr. 2y3; phone South 751.
AT lece than cott. uncalled for ruits, overcoats,
ar.d trcusex* at CHARLES LYONS', London
Tailor, 721 Market st
ELEGANT tulis en easy iB*ta!!mests: 60 cents
er.d up p*r week. LEON LEMOS. 1127 Mar-
ket St.. between Seventh and Eighth.
DANCING Tur*d*y. Thursday. Saturday. Sun-
day evff., Tevtoaia Hall. Howard st. nr.
8th; Prcf. Foster; society, dancing taught
FHYSICIAN. 15 vears' experience, cares per-
manently mr-rptine, cocaine habit. Call or
adirers Central Pharmacy. 251 Grant ave..
corner Suiter et.; fee moderate. •
MAK5EUPE wishes engagements with ladles
on!}-. Phone C«rP «;23S.
Ben Marche Pant* Co.; special $5 pants to or-
<ier. Roctss 14 & 1«. 40 Ellfs. Tel Dnimm 44.
FINE gfcaine diamesds, watches. Jewelry cheap-
er than anywhere. A. A. Hitter. 237 Kearny.
MASQUERADE cortutres. play books. War;;
country orders. GOLDSTS1N & CO.. 733 Mkt.
SUCE to order on installment*. $1 per week.
Nwifctm A Co., merch. tailors. 727-723 Market
FTTERFLUOUS ha!r & mcles removed by e!ec-
tric needle. Dr. & Mrs. Traverse. 1170 Market
TAILOR-MADE euit $7 &0; dress pants $2 50.
Misfit Clothlr^g Parlor, cor. Euth and Dupont.
ALFRJDl'M'S Egyptian Henna, restores gray
hair to its natural color; $1; at all druggists'.
A BRANCH office of The Call fcr the reception
cf advertisements an4 subscriptions has been
Teaed at 1(XS Market St.. opposite Firth.
Opc^i t:r:til 11 p. T3.
PALMISTRY. .
S1*TE. DEVAB. scientific palrr.iFt «nd astrol'V
«1«; ratal readings $1; 3 •jcesU'TTs by ex-
rre«e. $1 ; cren Tuesday eve. also. 1S3 Post st
IIME. NEEROAARD S c!as«« in palciinry be-
gins lj*r. 1, e p . m. 2i2 Post st. ; terms $10.
H. JEECTME FOSeTLi. erier.tlr.c palir.ii-t. 515
Taylor st.. n*ar Gtiiry. fhoa» Black Sfil.
PAPEItHAXCIXG. PAIXTI.VC. ETc7~
CALL at C27 Turk st. .or phone Sutler 154 for
papgrfcanging. palntingjandpaper cleaned.
Papenr.g; KS*0Babi« rat»s; tlntlr.g. painting.
H*rtnun Psist Co., Zli 34; bd. Main 413.
PIT1SICIAX5 1XDJ SCBGEOSS.
DR. C. C. O-DONNELL— OrBce iId~reBfdence,
1C2IH Market n.. b»-t. Cth an4 7th; particu-
lar attention paid to diseases of women.
DR. M. MATFUPA has returned froni Orient
Now at *5E. cercer Geary and Taylor sts.
BLOOD. *kin and rectil diseases a ej»ecia!ty
Da. CALL. 1O73H Market st \
REMOVED — DR. WONG HIM. herb doctor.
treats ell dixases of the Luman body; for
past fcur year* at 115-117 Mascn; now io-
catsd a"t «.e7 Oeary rt.. near Leavenwcrta.' •
Vn. TONO Pl> CIIY. succe»€cr to Dr. LI Po
Tat. herb doctor, cures all d:seeses of human
fy «lse cf herbs and teas. 727 Washington et.
DR. H. C. tro.VO, 719 Post st; all <5isea»t»
furrt ty Chjnesr h«?rb*; consultation free. j
WONG WOO." the farr.ous herb doctcr — AH <Iis-
easc«> cured l-y Chinese herbs. 746-S Qay st.
PttOI'EBTV WAXTED.
PROPERTY wanted by nurserymen; S to 15
KitK ranch to l>.ise near Oai;lasd. Cox
*S2. Call -office. Oakland.
PROPOSALS. •
OFFICE* DEPOT* QUARTeHmaSTER 39
iNew Montgomery street Kan Francisco. Cal..
Nov»-aiber 23. 19C3. Sealed' rroposals in
triplicate will be recelvei h»-fe until 10
o'clock a. m. (Pacific standard time). De-
cunber 24. 1903, for furnishing stationery,
oils, peint?. rlp^ fittings, .sheet zinc, packing
a boxes, lumber, etc. Preference given- to 'arti-
cles of domestic production or manufacture —
detail* in schedule. The right is rescrved - to
rejert or accciit any cr all- proposals cr any
;i»rt tberoof. I31ank profiosals • ac(J informa-
tion furnished on application. Envelopes
• Tntainine proposals should be indorsed
"iTor^als for Quartermaster's Supplies.
Ko. bUZ." and addre«sed to
MAJOR C A. DEVOL,
<J. M. V. B. A.. Depot Qttartenaaster. ,
' brother of Daniel J.. Thomas J. and Mary
F. Dougherty and the late K. T. . Hayward.
a native of Benieia, Cal. • —
ICT Friends and acquaintances are' respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Wednesday), at 9 o'clock, from his late
residence, S21 Golden Gate avenue, thence
to Ft. Mary's Cathedral, where a solemn re-
quiem htfch mass will be celebrated for the
repose cf his soul at 9:30 o'clock. Inter-
ment Holy' Crcas Cemetery 1 .
FINLEY— In this city, December 22. 1903.
Margaret A., beloved wife of Robert J. Fin-
ley, devoted mother cf May E. and Henry
J. Finlev. Mrs. John O'Keefe and the late
John S., Thomas E. and Robert J: Finley,
and grandmother of .Violet and Melvll
O'Keefe. a native- of Preston, England, aged
' 52 years 3 months and 25 days. (Hartford,
Conn..' papers please copy.)
CT'Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at » o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. 1132 Kentucky street, near Eight-
eenth, thence .to St. Teresa's Church, where
a requiem high mass will be celebrated for -
the repose of her soul, commencing at » :30
o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
GILLIONS— In this city. December 22, 190.1,
Frank Gillions. beloved husband of Lottie
Glllions, and father of Alice, Mabel and
Frank !e Gillions. a native of Italy, aged 42
¦» -years G months and 27 days. A member of
Court #E1 Dorado No. 31. F. cf v A. .
E7"Remalns at th« funeral parlors of the
H. F. Maass Company, 017 Mission street.
GROSBAUER— In this city, December 22. 1903,
at her residence, 214 Gough street, between
, Oak. and Fell. Sophie, beloved wife of the
late J. *F. Grosbauer, devoted mother of J.
F. Grosbauer Jr., and grandmother of Fred.
•^ Louise and Leslie Grosbauer, a native of
Hanover, Germany, aged 7» years 3 months
and 10 days. A member of St. Paulus
- Frauen Verein. ¦*. - •
(CT'Frlendfc and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-.morrow
(Thursday), at 1:30 o'clock, from St Paulua
German Evangelical Lutheran Church, cor-
. ner Eddy .and Gough streets. Interment
Mount Olivet Cemetery, by electric funeral
car from Eighteenth and Guerrero streets.
HIGGINS— In this city, December 21. 1903.
Joseph H., beloved son of the late John and
Julia Ohmen Hlggins, and brother of John
E. # and William O. Hlggins. Mrs. C. J.
Brophy. Mrs. M. Morris. Mrs. C. Herschy.
¦ Mrs. L. Craighead and the late Matthew P.
Hlggins, a native of San Francisco, aged 33
years and 3 months.
in?" Friends and acquaintances are' respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Wednesday), at 1 o'clock, from the parlors
of J. C. O'Corror & Co.. 767 Mission street,
thence to St. Patrick's Church for services.
• Irterment Holy Crds* Cemetery.
KOBICKE— In this city, December 22, 1903.
Robert C. beloved husband of Minnie F.
Koblcke, father of Iras Koblcke, and be-
loved son of Christian and Sophie Koblcke,
a native of San Francisco.
LAWLER— In this city, December 21. 1903.
Ablna Margaret, dearly beloved daughter of
David and Ablna Lawler. and sister of Dan-
ny, Marv and David Lawler. a native of
San FrancUco. aged 2 years and 7 months.
1 LONGTIN— In this city. December *20. 1903.
Jean Bapttste Longtln, a native of France,
aged 58 years.
LOWELL— In Winslow. Wash., December 14.
1903, Captain Andrew T. Lowell, beloved
husband of Alice E. Lowell, and brother of
Mrs. George Cooper and Mrs. Frank Corbln,
a native of Bath, Me., aged 37 years.
CyFriends and acquaintances are • respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Thursday.
December 24. 1908. at 1 o'clock, from the
mortuary chapel of the Golden Gate Under-
taking Company. 2475 Mission street near
Twenty-first, thtnee to the Church of the
Most Holy Redeemer. Diamond street, near
Eighteenth, where services will be held at
1:30 o'clock. Interment private. Holy Cross
Cemetery, by electric funeral car.
O'CONNOR— In this city. December 22. 1903,
Catherine, beloved wife of James O'Connor.
mother of Edward B.. Michael "J.. William
F., Nellie C, Tessle M., Mae E.. James H.,
Frances C, Annie J. and John L. O'Connor,
and sister cf Mrs. Maria Vlauttn, Mrs. M.
Murry, Michael Nagle of San Rafael and
Richard H. Nagle of San Francisco, a na-
tive of Ireland. ,
CyFriehds and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at l»:3O o'clock, from her late
residence. 2303 Howard street, thence to St.
Charles Borromeo'a Church, corner Eight-
eenth and Shotwell streets, where a solemn
requiem hlih mass will be celebrated, for
the repose of her soul at 10 o'clock. Inter-
ment /Holy. -Croes Cemetery. - ¦ -
O'GARA — In « Sacramento. December 20, 1903.
John O'Gara; beloved brother of Mrs. Mary
McKenna. and the late Michael. Dominick
and Anne O'Gara, a native of Sllgo, Ireland.
aged_ 81 years.
IC; Interment private.
PUTZMANN— In this city, December 21. 190U.
Hermann Putzmann, a native of Germany,
aged 52 years 4 months and IS days. A
member of Magnolia Lodge Xo. 30. I. O.
O. F.
C7Remalns- at the- -parlors of Porter A
White, 423 Golden Gate avenue.
SMITH— In this city. December 21. 1903. Tul-
ly, beloved huiband of Katie Smith, and
father of Mary, Nellie, Sadie. Frank. James
and Thomas- Smith and the late Katie
Smith, a. native of County Leitrim, Ireland,
i aged 64 years.
(CTTriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Wednesdays at 8:30 o'clock, from his late
residence. 106 Morris avenue, thence to St
Rose's Church, where a requiem high mass
will be celebrated for the repose of bis soul,
commencing at 0 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
STRASSER— In this city. December 21. 1903.
Celia Strasser, beloved daughter of Abraham
Strasser. and sister of Mrs. M. Werthelmer.
L. Strasser. M. Strasser and H.. Strasser.
aged 47 years 1 month and 20 days.
IT7Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Wednesday), at 10 o'clock, from her late
residence, «7l> Hayes street. Interment Home
of Peace Cemetery, via 11:30 o'clock train
from Third and Townsend streets.
THOMAS— In this city. December 21. 1903,
William B. Thomas, a native of England.
>aged 7.? years and 5 days.'
ICFrlcnds and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the fcneral to-day
(W"ednesday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors
of. Halsted & Co., 910 Mission street. Please
omit flowers,
THYES— In • Reno. Ney-. December 20. 190CJ.
• Ernest P., beloved son of Mrs. J. B. Thyes,
and brother of II. J. and A. M. Thyes Mrs.
J. M. Moran and the late Adrian j. Thyes.
a native of San Francisco.
E7"The funeral will take place to-day
¦ (Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, from the resi-
dence of Mrs. J. M. Moran, 6 South Brod-
erlck street. San Francisco, thence to the
Church of the Most Holy Redeemer for "sex-
vices. Interment private. Holy Cross Ceme-
tery, by electric funeral car from Eighteenth
and Guerrero streets.
TO the ofticers and members of Leland Stan-
\ ford Lod st No. 3.«72. Knights" of Honor—
You are hereby notified to attend the funeral
of our late brother, Ernest P. Thyes. from
his late residence. 6 South Brodertck street
near Fourteenth, at 2 o'clock sharp.
• . ROBERT J. SANDS, Dictator.
JOHN J. BERAN. Reporter. '
TYEON— In thin city. December 20. 19C3. Col-
onel Jcs«ph Tyson, a, native of Pennsyl-
vania, aged 76 years 7 months and 23 days.
t . - (TTKrirnriE anl acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
.' (Wednesday), at 10 o'clock, fronrrth? funeral
-parlors of Bunker & Lunt. 266U Mission
-street. Mission Masonic Temple, between
Twenty-second and Twenty-third. • Interment
Mountain View Cemetery. > . .
UPTON— In this" city. December 21. 1603.
Thomas, beloved husband of Bessie Upton
and -father of Franc!* H.. Albert. William
and Hannah UDton. Mrs. Charles A. East-
wood arr'^Mrs. Norman A. Campbell.' a na-
tive of England, aged 51 years 0 months and
4 days.
(CT Funeral nsrvlces to-day (Wednes-
day), at 1:30 o'clock, at h!s fete restd?nce.
242U 1'ofccnr. street, between Twentieth and
Twenty- first. Interment Cypress Lavrn
Ceujctery. by carriage.The Supreme Court • yesterday
granted a rehearing in the estate of
Campbell. It was previously decided
in this case that the amendment of
1899 ,to the collateral inheritance tax
law was constitutional. 2 FurtherVeyi"
dence as to the invalidity of vthe 1 pro
vision ha s-tJeen discovered by interest
ed attorneys and the ' whole- „ matter,
will be given mature reconsideration..
Court Will Reconsider.
Police Officer Kavanaugh, .who is
being sued by* his -.wife, for mainten
ance, is not Patrolman James B. Cav
anaugh, who is connected with the
central station and whose beat is on
Kearny street. Through an unfortun
ate mistake the Kearny street officer's
name was printed in connection with
the court proceedings as the defend-'
ant in the suit: '•' V';:~
Xot Kearny-Street' Officer.
: The ladias connected with All Saints'
Episcopal Mission, at • 1224 ' .Halght
street, will hold a musical entertain
ment and sale of Christmas delicacies,
useful and fancy articles, etc., this
evening in the mission rooms. : Ice
cream and lemonade will be served.
Admission free. The proceeds of the
sale will* be applied to the fund.forthe
purchase of a site for a church building
which has been recently secured on
Masonic avenue, near Halght" street. '.
Will Give Musicalc and Sale.
Chinese Woman Deported.
An i order of deportation was made
yesterday tfy 1 United States District
Judge de Haven in the case of Jeung
Lin Hung, a Chiriese woman, captured
in the Federal raid of May, 1901, and
charged • with being illegally in the
United States. • C- V :
Tool Thief Sentenced.
, John Emerson, who pleaded guilty in
Judge Dunne's .court." to a -charge v of
burglary, was sentenced "yesterday to
serve two 'and a half .years in San
Quentin/ -Emerson is known as a tool
thief and on September 7 he stole a lot
of carpenter's tool3 from a building oh
Sacramento street, 'between Montgom
ery and Sansome.
' Some very swell we^ldinc invitations come
from Kncrwles. 24 Second street. Main 593. *
Articles, Stplen From Barge.
- J.~ J. Moule of , San Jose reported to
the police yesterday that a valise and
contents, a coil of rope, a rain coat
and a black sack coat. had been stolen
from a barge in* th"e China basin. "The
valire of. ths articles is about $50.
ADAMS' Irish Moss Couch Balsam helps
from the first dose, cures in a day., 25c, 90c *
* PHILADELPHIA, Dec. 22. — Charles
D. Fenstemacher, 'aged 48, who was
yesterday convicted of using the mails
to defraud, to-day committed suicide
by hanging himself with a towel in a
cell. .
Reduced rates on household eoods to A from
the East & South. Bekln's. 11 Montgomery st. •
Buyers of Cliristmas Presents . •
Should visit Andrews' Diamond , Palace.
221 Montgomery st.. under Russ House,
and see larce stock of diamonds, watches
& jewelry at lowest prices. Open evgs. *
Records Big Mortgages.
Mortgages were recorded yesterday
in favor of the Hibefnia Bank cover
ing the loan of $100,000 to the Italian-
Swiss Colony on real estate at the cor
ner of Greenwich and Sansome streets
and $60,000 to the Haslett Warehouse
Company oii ( property on Spear street,
near Folsom,' and at the corner of San
some and Filbert streets.
United States District Attorney Mar
shall B. Woodworth received yester
day the full text of an opinion re
cently handed down by United States
District Jud,ge Roy of the northern
district of New York, which coincides
with the opinion ' formerry handed
down by United States District Judge
Wheeler of Vermont to the effect that
in. cases where a Chinese person ap
plies for admission to the United
States on the representation that he
is a native thereof and after a hear
ing by the Chinese Bureau is denied
a landing, he is debarred from ap
pealing to the Federal courts on hab
eas corpus, and may appeal only to
the Secretary of the Department of
Commerce and «Labor. »¦
The learned. Judges, In their opin
ions, say that the action of the immi
gration authorities and of the Secre
tary of the Department of Commerce
and Labor in. such cases is final and
cannot be reviewed by the Federal
courts. -
Mr. Woodworth has instructed As
sistant United States District* Attor
neys Benjamin L. McKinley and Dun
can E.McKinlay to file demurrers in
all the habeas corpus cases of Chinese
now pending in -the United States
District Court, basing the demurrers
upon the opinions referred to. Should
Judge de Haven sustain the demur
rers, a vast quantity, of business will
be taken away, from r United States
Court Commissioner Heacock_and the
District Attorney's office, and Ihe flood
of alleged native born citizens of
Chinese origin will be effectually
dammed all over the United States.
Another Tederal Judge Hands
Do\V-n an Opinion Adverse to
Chinese Seeking Admission
Attorney M. H. .Helneman, who rep
resents Martin Regensberger. named in
the will as executor, testified that he
drew the will In 18S8 for Mrs. LoringJ
He said, however, that he had. not
sufficient knowledge of her handwriting
to ' enable him to state whether the
cancellation was written by- the de
ceased. • •
J. O'Leary testified that he first met
Mrs. Loring fifteen years ago when he
was a boy of twelve. He said he saw
a great deal of her and that in his
opinion her mind was not sound in
1895, the time the will was canceled. -
J. M. Newbert, an employe: of the
Public'Admlnistrator, was the first
witness examined yesterday.' - He tes-l
tified to having gone • to the home of
the eccentric, woman a short time after
the discovery, of her death waH reported
and making a search of har effects.
He said he found the will of Mrs. Lor
ine in an etaeere. -
The document ' purporting to be the
will of Mrs. Emma K. Loring, the
eccentric woman who was found dead
in her home at 2409 Sacramento street
last June, was the subject of discus
sion in Judge Murasky's court yester
day. It came up on preliminary pro
ceedings to prove the document fit for
probate as the last will and testament
of Mrs. Loring. The parties interested
in the suit are Martin . Regensberger,'
named in the will as executor; Johanna
Reeder of New York, a sister of the
deceased; George Attenborough, son
in-law of the deceased, and the Public
Administrator.
Purported Last Testament or Eccentric
Woman- Discussed in Judge
Murasky's Court.
WILL. OF MRS. E. K. LORIXG
CAUSE OP LEGAL BATTLE
HABEAS CORPUS
GATE IS SHOT
WASHINGTON, Dec. 22.— The apos
tolic delegation has received word from
Rome that the Pope has granted dis
pensation from abstinence on . New
Year's day, which falls on Friday this
year. The delegation has sent out cir
cular letters to all the Bishops, notify
ing them of this fact.
New Year's Not a Fast Day.
. Later Kelly, accompanied by . his
mother and wife, callea at trie Hall of
Justice and swore to a complaint be
fore Police Judge Mogan charging
Monaghan with an assault to commit
murder. The warrant was served upon
Mo--»ghan at the hospital. . •
'Mrs. Nellie Kelly placed the whole
blame upon her daughter-in-law. "My
son," she said, "has been married just
one year, and during that time his wife
has left him three times and has gone
with .this man Monaghan. My son is
infatuated' with her and has always
taken her back. He is as good a boy
as ever breathed the breath of life and
I cannot understand what his wife
means by leaving Tiim. She claims that
Monaghan is a far away relation of
her mother, but- 1 don't believe her. I
suppose Monaghan got mad because
she concluded to return to her husband
again and leave him. I' have not yet
gdt over the fright he gave me when
he tried to shoot me."
SWEARS OUT WARRANT.
Monaghan . walked across the street
and after gazing "up at the windows
of the Kelly residence he opened his
vest and- fired two shots at his heart.
He fell to the sidewalk. The police
were notified and Monaghan was aent
to the Central Emergency Hospital; It
was found that both .bullets had en
tered Monaghan's left chest, but missed
the. vital organs.
About D o'clock yesterday morning
Monaghan again called at. the. Kelly
home. Mrs. Nellie' Kelly and her
daughter were looking out of the win
dow and saw him. Mrs. Nellie Kelly
had the idea of dragging him. into the
house and locking him In till s,he sent
for the police and when she opened, the
door she grabbed hold of Monaghan's
shoulders. Divining her intention,
Monaghan "drew back and pulling a re
volver out of his pocket pointed it 1 at
Mrs. Kelly, but the hammer snapped
and before h« could again pull the trig
ger she closed and bolted the door. She
was so unnerved that she fell in a heap
in the hallway. .
TRIES TO SHOOT WOMAX.
Shortly after 7 o'clock Monday, night
Monaghan^ rang the bell aV the Kelly
horrie, and when Kelly opened the door
Monaghan fired a shot at him, the bul
let piercing Kelly's clothing "and caus
ing a slight wound 6n hw right. shoul-*
der. Monaghan ran away as sodit as
he fired the shot. When* Kelly removed
his clothing the bullet,^ one of 22 cali
ber, fell to the .floor. I He was taken
to the Central Emergency [ Hospital,
where the wound was attended to, and
he* went home. . ' . . '
Frank Monaghan, a lineman employ
ed by the Pacific States Telephone and
Telegraph Company, made an unsuc
cessful attempt to kill Walter B. Kelly,
a stock cutter living at 844 Folsom
street, on Monday night and followed
it up by an attempt yesterday morn
ing UDon the life of Kelly's mother,
Mrs. Nellie Kelly, who lives with her
son. , The only reason assigned for the
murderous designs of Monaghan is his
illicit love for Kelly's yourfgwife. Aft
er his attempt upon Kelly's mother
be walked across the street and, open
ing his vest, fired two shots at his
he^art, but, the physicians say, neither
will orove fatal. / :
"The facts • were not considered at
all?" v
"No, sir." , .
... "Subsecuent to that time did Mr.
Mahon say anything to you about the
merits of the case?" •
• "Yes, sir; he said he had locked into
the matter and he could see nothing
to it but hate: that he had told Mr.
Cornelius he did riot believe Mr. Ding
wall was guilty of these charges at
all, but that we had been asleep and
let Mr. Cornelius do us up."
On cross-examination Attorney Hut
ton asked the witness whether Mr. Ma
hon had taken testimony at some other
time and he said he' did not know.
"Don't you know that the whole of
that testimony wa» ""delivered to Mr.
Mahon?" asked Hutton.
"I don't," replied the witness. "I
understand it was not."
The attorneys then submitted the
case on briefs.
George Dingwall, the former secreta
ry-treasurer of the Street Carrnen's
Union, and six others who were ex
pelled from the organization had an
other inning in Judge Hebbard's court
yesterday morning. The plaintiffs are
suing for a writ of mandate to com
pel the local division to reinstate them
to membership. | The contention of the
plaintiffs has been that the executive
committee of the union overstepped Its
jurisdiction when it expelled them from
the union. Dingwall has led the fight
and claims he was never given a hear
ing. . The, case. has developed the fact
that' the organization' has been rent- by
warring factions. 'r .. •.
Attorney; AdolphL.. Well, represent
ing the 'plaintiffs,- and- H. W. ,Hutton,
attorney for the/union, were in court
yesterday to finish the case. Two wit
nesses were examined and then the at
torneys agreed to submit the case on
briefs. fi
At a previous hearing of the case it
was showji that Dingwall had been
thrown out of the union for alleged
conspiracy. He had been summoned to
appear before the executive council and
he declined, to do so unless he was
permitted to have an attorney and
stenographer present. This request, he
alleges, was' refused. He therefore did
not put in an appearance and was ex
pelled from the organization. Dingwall
then appealed to John Mahon, presi
dent of the national association. The
latter made a special trip to this city
to hold an investigation. .
R. C. Cornelius was placed on the
stand yesterday .morning to answer a
few questions relative to stenographers.
"Do you know when the executive
committee first had information that
there was ¦ a shorthand reporter or
stenographer that was a member of
the union?" asked Attorney Weil.
"Well, I am not exactly sure about
it. It was some time after Dingwall
was expelled from the association," re
plied Cornelius. «
J. H. Fairweather was jcalled in re
buttal by the plaintiff. He. stated he
knew Mahon and was present at the
meeting of the executive committee
when the investigation was held. -
"Was the evidence upon which Mr.
Dingwall was convicted considered at
that time?" he was asked.
"It was not," replied the witness.
"Were, the members that were ex
pelled allowed to make any statements
upon the merits of this case at that
time?" , ' . *
"Not upon the evidence; no, sir."
They Jeft home at 4:30 o'clock yester
day morning and were in the vicinity*
of the Cliff House at 7 o'clock. The
sea was rough and huge combing
breakers made navigation full of peril
for the cockle-shell craft of the crab
fishers. The Gelardis were born boat
men and had weathered waters far more
threatening than these seemed* A blow
from a wave, however, a sudden swerve
and the boat was wallowing in the
trough of the sea. Before the helms
man could make a move a huge roller
broke high over their heads and ' the
little boat filled to the gunwales.
-Weighted' with ballast and a gasoline
engine, the Familia Unita sank like a
rock. A succession of breakers poured
tons of briny water on the struggling
Italians, all their youthful brawn was
of no avail, and within a few minutes
both disappeared.
Two "brother?, Reulice by name, were
erasing in the vicinity. . They wit
nessed the swamping of the Samilia
Unita and saw the Gelardis drown.
While trying to reach the struggling
fishermen a breaker struck the Reulice
boat and their own preservation de
manded all their skill and attention un
til it was too late to render any* aid to
the Gelardis. A knitted cap and an
oar were the only objects in sight when
they drew away from the scene of the
tragedy of the sea.
seph and Sal va tore Gelardi. aged 22 and
18 respectively. They were sons of
Leonardo Gelardi, with whom they re
sided at 531 Francisco street. They
were both single and were members of
a family of five sons. Joseph and Sal
vatore. with their father and brothers,
came here from Italy about three years
ago arid engaged in crab fishing. The
two boys recently purchased a gaso
line boat, which they painted in gay
colors and named Familia Unita. For
tune favored the little craft. The Ge
lardis made good catches, which they
sold for fair prices. They were pros
pering and .looking forward to spend
ing the happiest Christmas that had
fallen to their lot since a ldhg ago day
In sunny Italy.
and while crulelng in the vicinity the
other boat narrowly escaped being
swamped.
The victims of the disaster we're Jo-
The, lives of two fishermen vrere blot
ted out yesterday morning in the wa
ters off the Cliff House by a comber,
which curled over the' side of their boat,
sending the craft to the bottom and
leaving the occupants struggling in the
breakers. The waves were high and the
struggle was brief. As the men dis
appeared beneath the surface another
fishing boat reached the scene, intent
on rescue. It was too late, however,
Turns the Revolver Upon Him
self and Fires Two Bullets
'ait His Heart, but Will Live
Judge Hebbard Called Upon to
Compel Union ( to Reinstate
the Alleged Conspirators
Brother Toilers Who Attempt
to Bescue Them Narrowly
Escape a Similar AcciHent
CEAFT SINKS LIKE LEAD
J.OVES VICTDi'S SPOUSE
EXPELLED MEN IN COUKT
Frank Monaglian Makes Unsuc
cessful : Attempts to Murder
Walter B. Kelly and Mother
Witness Narrates the Conver
sation He Had With President
) 3Iahon of the National Order
ItalianiFishermen Drowned Off
Cliff House When a Big
.Wave Swamps Their Boat
DINGWALL CASE
IS SUBMITTED
TRIES TO KILL
MAN HE WRONGS
BREAKER BLOTS
OUT TWO LIVES
THE SAN FRANCISGa^GALI^ ••¦ WEDNESDAY, DECEMBER . ; 23, 1903.
16
A Most Complete Stock
The attention of our customers Is called to our
large ani complete stock or,NoYeltn ana staple
Goods, speclallu imported, for the holldau trade, all ¦
of which will be offered at the Yem lowest prices.
'
••¦ • /' • ¦
. Ladles' andi Gents' Initialed Handkerchiefs m
linen and linen camhrlc t
Ladies' Lacs Collars, 'Fancu Neckwear, Llliertn
Ruffs and Real Handkerchiefs.
Ladles' Hand Embroidered Linsn Handkerchiefs;
scalloped and hemstitched.
- 'Gents' Stlk Initialed Handkerchiefs, Silk Muf-
flers, Reefers, Scarfs and Novelto Neckwear.
* Ladles' Fur Scarfs, Feather Boas, Chain Purses,
Fancy, Belts and Noveltu Opera Bags.
ladies' Fine Hosiery and Underwear In Silk,
Wool, Merino and Cashmere.
Gents' Silk Cashmere and Merino Underwear ani
Half Hoss.
: Ladles' and Gents' Silk Umbrellas, with Pearl,
Iyopu, Silver, Horn and Natural Wood Handles.
Ladles' ani Gents' hsst makes Kid Gloves, In-
cluding Reunler and Dent Brands.
STORE OPEN EVENINGS UNTIL CHRISTMAS.
Our glove orders make very acceptable Christmas
Gifts and are received in all departments for ana
other gools.
* ¦
ill, 113. 115, 117, 119, 121 POST STREET.
ADVEBTISEMENTSw
ADVERTISEMENTS.
i^^ llli SlilAiS \wm\
I liflli Tll£^
;---JLjf Vr-.M : IL/;lv^-"'--.
vjrccii
ML .ML JL'A M. jfe^ ' .,'.'
Sptatnps
KJ ItI 1 1 'mla '•"/ 1 Jm* \Jf 'vJuv/vIV
Free ! Free !
Candies Bonbons
Chocolates
Given Away Free
WITH OUB
Teas, Coffees, Spice9
Baking Powder
ALSO
Everything that's
Beautiful in Fancy
China, Crockery, Glass-
ware, Ornaments. *
. Dolls & Novelties r
Come See Them
You Will Be Charmed
WITH OUK EXT1A f
Liberal Premiums
Great American Importing Tea Co.
861 Market. • 1418 Polk. 1S19 Deviiadero
210 Grant ar. 705 Larkln. 3006 Slxte«nth.
140 Sixth. 475 Hatght. Monts'y av«
353 Hayes. 2316 Mlsalon. 3283 Mission.
146 Ninth. 52 Market. 366 Third.
2C0S Fillmore. 2733 24th. 463 Fourth. :
Lundstrom Hats
Plfaso the «ye and please the
purse. They're etylUh In ghap*.
good in quality and reasonable m
price. Theyt re California mads
. and they're union made -and hon-
estly made, too. We'd like to have
you wear a "Lundstrom" hat and
see if it isn't all we claim for it.
They're not "cheap" hats, but
they're GOOD hats : reasonably
$2.50 and $3.50.
B« Wise by Buylnr a "Luad-
Jtrom Hat."
Pacific Coast Hat Works
"The Bis. Busy Hat Shop,"
1458. Market Street, .
Directly cpp. Central Theattr.
and 605 Kearny Street.
A Christmas Suggestion: A Hat
Order.
ADVEBTISEMEirr&.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
.??The Best Sort of Mechanical Toys^
k K K --¦¦
JL\ JLd J-4 + *
To-Morrow
With Every Purchase in Frisco's Biggest
and Most Popular Juvenile Department
j- & & yt j. &¦
«M^ It's Dressy
W7 -.It's Long
£fe$0ivxj--'y >/ •• *\ t\ (\_ Hfi! at
dllU: rUll Ul
THAT devcr LONG OVERCOAT
A in the picture opposite, for
:^^m i b °y s 8 t0 I5 ' made as y° u see {t
WiW& i" -^'^ ¦ pictured and also many styles with
* ;'\- \ ¦'•: ; the belted back, which is also one
lipi :}.%':¦ .-;; : ';; -^ of the cleverest OVERCOATS for
B^^M '¦¦• ¦"¦"'"¦' •'' '': ¦¦''¦ -¦"•¦."'¦'¦; boys of these ages this winter.
ipi.'. ¦' ¦¦..'¦ ¦: -.'¦-:-•?•: Ifsa COAT that you can't find
v . ¦'•& • -" : .'-. V-; :i its like in town under $7.00- It's
;¦-.;•; .'.;¦;¦:: v • . % a Christmas SPECIAL^ with us,
j&§g§M ••'¦• " : . ¦¦ : :-: -¦¦'¦' '¦¦' '¦ ~ : \ and with it he gets a very high
lilgi '¦::/" character MECHANICAL TOY.
; 'iisf' : * tte ° VERC0AT wiU k marked
for to-day and to-moTrow : : : :
to 50
j§& S^ the Overcoat
& & jp &
The American ••...•' (Ill
in the highest grade of /
ENGLISH SERGE, made f \-av.y ¦: >:S1h ii '!^S i
in RAPHAEL'S inimitable I \ //T^^^S^Bi \
style, beautifully braided; \\ '/ 7 / Vm^^^^ \
the 1904 model of the j= j & t^WSaaBBB^ \
SAILOR for lads 3 to 10 js/ | / I !^^^^^^ :^ \
Royal and Red. Positively Jfl II / m$Mj®i!&^
a $6.00 SAILOR SUIT, full /£ 9;^HHr^B' : 'W :
winter weight fabric and /J^j£#flBFi3j- "* <;
about as jaunty and saucy f -J;^ 4 fB&*$ y '\ • '
a little SAILOR SUIT as I | W'tmr' . V'^m-^^ ' J!
ever was placed before? | •''"'•'". X^' /^Bj£*^ p 4
Mecnanical ones : : : : : \ *Jr~ i
$0.50 ) V
the Suit / ' /•
OPEN EVENINGS
TILL CHRISTMAS
* __ : — i j;
ft V¥ *** " r '
{ \«' V ' ?
O TRAPDfGAT