TYPES OF ALBANIAN SOLDIERS IN THE ARMY OF THE SULTAN OF TURKEY. TO THE ALBANIANS
ARE CREDITED MANY OF THE OUTRAGES THAT HAVE BEEN COMMITTED IN THE BALKANS,
WHERE TURKISH TROOPS ARE ALLEGED TO HAVE MASSACRED MORE THAN 60,000 CHRISTIANS.
HAMILTON. Mont., Sept. 10.— After be
ing out two hours the jury in ttie case of
Walter Jackson, charged with the mur
der of Fonnie Bucks, a 6-year-old boy,
to-day brought in a verdict of first de
cree murder. The murder of the little
boy occurred several weeks ago and was
a peculiarly atrocious crime. On account
of certain features connected with it
widespread indignation was aroused and
Jackson narrowly escaped bciiyr lynched.
Murderer of Young Boy Is Convicted.
OMAHA, Ncbr., Sept. lO.-Bishop Rich
ard Scannell of the" Omaha diocese of the
Catholic church has taken a definite
stand in the matter of Catholics becom
ing members of the International Typo
graphical Union, and makes the plain
statement that a Catholic cannot belong
to the union and receive absolution from
a priest.
Bishop Scannell said that no man could
be a good member of the Roman Catholic
church and adhere to the principles of the
typographical obligation, and further,
that unices the obligation Is changed.
Catholic members should get out of the
organization.
Catholic Bishop Says Typographical
Operators Must Change Their
Obligation.
PRELATE OBJECTS TO
THE OATH OF A UNION
LONDON, Sept. 10.— Another confer
ence looking to the improvement of the
condition of Ireland ¦will be called short
ly. Captain Ehawe-Taylor, who was sec
retary of the recent landlord and ten
ants' conference in Dublin, which was in
strumental In securing the Irish land bill,
purposes to invite representatives of the
Orangemen, Roman Catholics and Protes
tants and the heads of the educational
Institutions in Ireland to meet in Dublin
and confer together for the pur
pose of finding a common ground on
which all may Etand, thus ending the re
ligious difference in connection with ed
ucation, which has lasted for centuries
and which has been responsible for many
of Ireland's difficulties.
Captain Shawe-Taylor Will Invite
Conflicting 1 Interests to Meet
in Conference.
HOPES TO END RELIGIOUS
DIFFERENCES IN IRELAND
Price contends thai the collection was
permissible under the law as he inter
preted it, and admits that he remembers
having collected an additional $50 on each
of 123 claims. He did not know how many
more he assessed in the same sum.
Murphy telegraphed to the Department
of Justice that his explanation had been
forwarded and simultaneously presented
his resignation. The Department of Jus
tice refused to accept the resignation, and,
pending receipt of Murphy's explanation,
has ordered his suspension.
A protest was received recently by the
Commissioner of Lands from ah applicant
for patents for mining claims in Arizona,
asserting that ten claims which he had
filed and the fees for which, amounting to
f.W, had been regularly deposited in the of-
Cce of the Surveyor General, had been held
Up by Price. The applicant in his pro
test declared that, although the necesary
lmprovements on the claims had been
made, the patents had not been obtained
until he had paid over to Price an addi
tional 550 for each application, which he
finally did. The only explanation offered
by Price, according to the protest, was
that the law authorized him to make this
additional charge.
Price is accused and his chief clerk is
suspected of having conducted lucrative
business In the granting of patents to
mining claimants in Arizona and in the
sale of rr.aps of mining tracts which had
been prepared in the Surveyor General's
office at covernment exaense.
Under the law a fee of $50 is required
cf all persons filing application for min
ing claims. In return the law provides
that at the end of a year a patent shall
be Issued by the Surveyor General, pro
viding that the applicant has Improved
ilsjdaijR to. the value of fKS.--
CALX. BUREAU. 1406 G STREET. N.
W., WASHINGTON. Sept. lO.-Another
scandal has been unearthed in the Land
OfSce of the Interior Department. As a
result of a prorrpt investigation conduct
ed by the Department of Justice, at the
Instance of Secretary of the Interior
Hitchcock, Hugh F. Price, Surveyor Gen
eral of Arizona, was dismissed to-night
by order of Acting Attorney General Day.
"W". E. Murphy, chief clerk under the
Surveyor General, has been suspended.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Suspect Is Accused of Hav
ing Trafficked in Min
ing Patents.
Summarily Ousts Ter
ritorial Surveyor
General.
Department of Jus
tice Uncovers
Frauds.
DISMISSES
AN OFFICIAL
OF ARIZONA
Turks Committing
Jllmost Incon*
ceivable Out*
rages.
PORTE HEEDS AMERICAN DEMAND AND REMOVES BEIRUT VALI;
BULGARIA WILL DECLARE WAR UNLESS POWERS INTERVENE
FLIES ROAR
NEAR RESORT
IN A FOREST
Camp Vacation in
Sonoma County
in Peril.
Fires Destroy Woods
and Menace Many
Small Towns.
Valuable Timber Makes Fuel
for Conflagrations in
the North.
SANTA ROSA. Sept. ID.— A fierce forest
fire, which for the past few days has
been raging in the vicinity of Guerne
vllle, on the Russian River, to-day swept
down through Russian River" Heights,
above Guernewood Park, and now threat
ens Camp Vacation, a -popular summer
resort at the terminus of the Guerneville
branch of the California Northwestern
Railway.
A special train this afternoon carried a
large number of section hand3 to the
scene and the regular train carried 200
more. "Word received from Guemevflle
about dark was to the effect that the
fire was still burning fiercely and was
beyond control.
TWO TOWNS IN DANGER.
REDDING. Sept. 10.— The greatest for
est fire in the history of Western Shasta
County has raged for several days about
the towns of Igo and Ono. It Is now rac
ing rapidly toward a great belt of timber
which lies along the Shasta side of the
range of mountains which divides Shasta
and Trinity counties.
The fire started from an unknown causa
Tuesday morning r.ear the farm of Mr3.
Catherine Ritchie, near Ono. All fences
and Improvements on the Conrad farm,
excepting the dwelling and barn.^were
destroyed. The properties of Robert
Richter, John . P. Wright and William
Richter were saved only by the greatest
effort. The water supply of the Happy
Valley Irrigation District was menaced.
The entire country was aroused, the resi
dents turning out in a body to combat the
flames.
Yesterday the town of Ono was threat
ened, the fire burning its way into the
little settlement. A high prevailing wind
is carrying the flames at a tremendous
speed. Not infrequently they leap can
yons 400 yards in width.
To-night the fire is racing west and i3
beyond control. Luckily the country in
the path before it is very sparsely set
tled.
BATTLE WITH FLAMES.
NEVADA CITY. Sept. 10. —A big forest
fire is raging between Downieville and
Sierra City. For a time It was thought
that the town of Downieville would ba
destroyed. The tire broke out yesterday
morning owing to the dry condition of
the country and spread with frightful
rapidity. All the available men in Dow
nieville were hastily called out and im
mediate preparations were made to stay
the progress of the flames.
Sparks from the fire were blown right
into Downieville. In order to prevent
them from setting fire to the roofa of
buildings, which are as dry as tinder. It
was necessary to attach fire hose to
hydrants and thoroughly wet all the
roof3. Before the flames were under con
trol an immense stretch of country was
burned over and much valuable timber
was destroyed.
Another fire is raging between Camp
tonvllle and San Juan, near Badens. It
is not known how this fire originated.
A large tract of country is being burned
over and much timber will be destroyed.
Men on the scene fighting the flames be
lieve that ho damage will result other
than the destruction of forests.
AUTOMOBILE GOES DOWN"
SIXTY-FOOT EMBANKMENT
New York Physician Receives Fatal
Injuries and His Niece
Is Killed.
TUXEDO PARK. N. Y.. Sept. 10.— Dr.
Edward C. Rushmore of the Tuxedo
Colony was fatally injured and Miss Cor
nelia Herrick of Southampton, his niece,
was killed In an automobile- accident at
Arden to-day. The automobile In golns
up a steep incline 300 yards from E. H.
Harriman's summer home gave out and
the brake would not work. The machine
rushed backward down the hill, going
down a sixty-foot embankment on the
mountain side.
NEW YORK ACTOR DIES
IN A CITY HOSPITAL
No Friends or Relatives Are at Hi3
Bedside When Death
Comes.
BOSTON, Ser>t. 10.— It develops that a
rtian who entered the. city hospital last
week complaining of illness and who aiod
of Dneumonla Monday night was Fred
erick Clifton of New York, the well
known actor and member of the "Sign
of the Cross" company which has been
playing here. There were no friends or
relatives at the bedside when death cam.'.
Clifton came to this country from Erg
land about twenty years ago with a Oil
bert and Sullivaa opera company.
SAN FRANCISCO, FRIDAY, SEPTEMBER 11, 1903.
PRICE FIVE OEOTS.
VOLUME XClV-OsO. 103.
Continued' on Page 2, Column 5.
GALVESTON, Tex., Sept. 10.— W. R.
Scott, who recently resigned as general
superintendent of the Forth Worth and
Denver City Railroad, with headquarters
at Fort Worth, and who has been spend
ing the last few days in Galveston. will
leave soon for California to accept the
position of division superintendent of tfie
Sacramento division of the Southern Pa
cific - Railroad. The appointment is of.
f ectlve September 15. Previous to zolag
to Fort Worth, Scott was division super
intendent of the Santa Fe at Clebourns.
W. R. Scott Accepts Position of Su
perintendent of Sacramento Divi
. sion of the Southern Pacific.
RAILROAD MAN OF TEXAS
IS COMING TO CALIFORNIA
The authorities here are busily search
ing for the persons who looted the vault
and it is rumored that a number of ar
rests will be made.
BAKERSFIELD, Sept. 10.— The ballots
stolen from the City Clerk's office, on
which depended the result of the Mar
shalship election contest now pending In
the courts, were burned in a gully in the
foothills two miles from town on the
morning of August 22. A farmer passing
about 2 o'clock saw two men in the act
of destroying them, and the remains of
them were collected by Constable Stroble
and Marshal Farris of Kern.
FARMER SEES THIEVES
BURNING THE BALLOTS
Remnants of Bakersfield Election
Papers Are Found and Arrests
May Be Made.
that the Pomaks, or Bulgarian Moham
medans, ¦ would follow suit, but do not
know where they can find refuge.
The great forest of Pirln is burning.
The. Turks set fire to the forest in four
places and the flames are visible at a
great distance.
Fighting is reported to be taking place
near Melnlk and another fight is also go
ing on in the vilayet of Monastir. At
Bukovit, between Krushevo and Gostiva,
the Insurgents surprised a body of Bashl
Bazouks pillaging the village. The latter
were attacked and many were killed.
Near Mldesch, district of Kostur, it Is
reported,- a band led by Tohakaloroff has
defeated a detachment of .Turkish troops,
who .lost about .sixty killed.
WOUNDED CROWD HOSPITALS.
Many wounded Turks are arriving at
Monastir, filling the hospitals. The popu
lation in the district of Veles is reported
tobe in a terrible condition. Nearly all
the .villages have been plundered and de
stroyed. . : The old men, women and chil-
Telegrams from the " frontier Indicate
approaching disturbances in Northern
and 'Eastern Macedonia. A telegram
from DJoumaia Bays the rich Turks/are
leaving the villages In that .district' and
The official view of the situation con
tinues pessimistic, but in other quarters
the belief prevails that the powers will
shortly propose a new scheme of pacifi
cation in Macedonia and thus remove the
possibility of a Turko-Bulgarian war. j
Much confidence is expressed that the
approaching visit of the Czar to Vienna
will result in the peaceful solution of the
"difficulties. ."'¦.. i .'¦•
TARDY POWER'S MAY ACT.
ists regarding the terrible barbarities
practiced by the Turkish regulars and
Bashi Bazouks on helpless women and
children in .Macedonia. The Sofia Gov
ernment has hitherto withstood all at
tempts on the part of the Macedonian
committees in an attempt- to draw Bulga
ria Into a war with Turkey, but the trend
of affairs is dally becoming more critical
and the position of the Ministry more dif
ficult.
garian villages in Macedonia are
causing much excitement in political and
general circles here. "While Premier Pe
troff's intimation that Bulgaria would
soon be forced into war unless the powers
intervene was conveyed in the course of
informal conversation with the diplomats
in Sofia and in no sense intended as an
official communication, it may be regard
ed as an indication that the patience of
the Bulgarian people is becoming ex
hausted.
' Every day brings news of fresh mas
sacres and outrages in Macedonia, The
revolutionary organizations to-day pub
lished elaborate statistics, giving the
names of 111 villages burned by the Turk
ish soldiers, the number of houses in each,
the date of the incendiarism and particu
lars of the number of persons murdered
in each case.
Official representatives residing here are
susDiciously reticent, but no doubt ex-
gm^ OFIA, Bulgaria, Sept. 10.— The con
fi tinuous reports of wholesale mas
¦ sacres of the Bulgarian popula
9*J tion and the destruction of Bul-
CHICAGO, Sept. 10.— General John C.
Black, recently elected commander-In
chief of the G. A. R., to-day appointed
his personal staff and issued his first
general order in the form of a fraternal
greeting to the members of the organiza
tion. In the ensuing year the national
headquarters will be in Memorial Hall,
Chicago, and will be in charge of Adju
tant General Charles A. Partridge. The
following were named as members of the
staff: Adjutant general, Charles A. Par
tridge of the Department of Illinois;
quartermaster general, Charles Burrow3
of the Department of New Jersey; In
spector general, Edward B. Messer of the
Department of New York; judge advo
cate general, James Tanner of the De
partment of New York.
Recently Elected Commander in Chief
of Grand Army Issues His
First Order.
GENERAL BLACK NAMES
HIS PERSONA!, STAFF
Bade was arrested by Chief . of Police
Stanford. Hewston died very soon after
the shooting.
The shootlnsr. which occurred on Caro
lina street at 8:30 o'clock, was the result
of a brief quarrel. Bade and Hewston
lived on the same street and between the
families of each there had been some
ground for enmity.
When Hewston taw Bade to-night he
entered into a conversation with him and
in a few minutes the two were involved
In a dispute. Eventually Hewston turned
away and hurried to his home, his anger
at a pitch that boded nothing- good for
Bade. The Grand Army man conjectured
that the negro would return and he im
mediately armed himself with a shotgun.
Half an hour later Hewston reappeared,
and, after renewing the quarrel, drew a
rcvol\-er. Bade instantly opened fire, a
charge of heavy shot entering the negro's
Eide. He fell to the ground and for sev
eral minutes struggled in a vain effort to
rise and discharge at Bade the weapon
he still clutched in his hand.
VALLEJO. Sept. lO.-Charles Bade, an
elderly resident of this city and promi
nent In Grand Army circles, to-night shot
and killed Lloyd Hewston, a young: negro,
while the latter, armed with a large re
volver, was seeking the life of the vet
eran.
Special Dispatch to The Call
At 4 o'clock he was awakened by a
mosquito 'biting him. He smelled gas
and found his six friends almost dead.
They had blown out six jets. Had the
discovery been delayed ten minutes all
would have been dead.
"WHEELING, , W. Va., Sept. 10.— The
sting of a mosauito bite saved six lives
early this morning. I. M. Crum, a rail
road official, was entertaining six friends
from the country, who came to see the
State Fair. He put them on' the second
floor of his home on the island.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Tragedy at Night
on Street in
Vallejo.
Awakens Man in
a Gas-Flooded
House.
OLD SOLDIER
SHOOTS DOWN
ARMED NEGRO
MOSQUITO'S
BITE SAVES
SIX LIVES
JOFIA, Sept. 10. — Premier Petroff has informed the rep
resentatives of the powers in Sofia that neither the Gov
ernment nor the Bulgarian people can witness with indiffer
ence the annihilation of the Bulgarian element in Macedonia,
and unless the powers can find some means of restraining
Turkey's terrible repressive measures Bulgaria will be forced
to depart from her present attitude of neutrality.
CONSTANTINOPLE, Sept. lo.—The Porte has heeded
the demand made by the American Minister and the
French Embassador and has dismissed Reshid Pasha, the vali
of Beirut, zvho was charged with responsibility for the recent
outbreak against Christians. Nazim Pasha, his successor, has
taken energetic .action, with the result that quiet is restored
and the necessity for landing American marines has passed.
The San Francisco CallRICHMOND. Va.. Sept. 10. — "Uncle" Fin
ney, an ex-slave, over 90 y»ars of age, who
lived in a mountain cabin in Franklin County,
was regarded by ignorant people living in the
vicinity as being a sorcerer. A few nights
ago the old man "was called to his door by
three unknown men and shot to death.
BERNE, Ind.. Sept. 10.— The home of
Fred Roher, editor of the Berne Witness,
was entirely demolished by dynamite
early to-day. The family was extricated
from the ruins with -slight injuries.
Roher's paper leads the opposition to li
censing saloons.
Dynamiters Blow Up a Home.
QULET RESTORED IN BEIRUT.
Leishman Reports Populace Recover
ing From Its Panic.
WASHINGTON, Sept. lO.-Mlnlster
LelBhman transmitted to the State De
partment to-day a communication from
Consul Ravndal at Beirut In which the
Assist Mussulman Rioters in tha
Outbreak in Beirut.
POLICE JOIN IN LOOTING.
PARIS, Sept. 10.— Acjvlces received by
the Foreign Office from Beirut say that
Nazim Pasha, vali of Syria. Is makins a
thorough Investigation of the causes of
the recent disorder at Beirut and that he
has given aaurance to the foreign Consuls
that he will severely punish the guilty.
Under the circumstances. It is added, tha
French, British and Italian Consuls have
decided not to ask for the landing of
American marines, aa the excitement has
subsided and the Christian refugees who
fled are returninc to their homes.
The Investisatlon thus far made into
the outbreak has shown that the police
participated In lootinff the shops and
houses, the former vali. Reshld Pasha,
being unable to control them.
REPORTS AMERICANS KILLED.
Berlin Newspaper's Sensational Dis
patch Not Credited.
BERLIN, Sept. 10.— The Tageblatt pub
lishes a dispatch of an alarming nature,
which has not been confirmed from any
source and is given little credence. Ac
cording to its Beirut correspondent there
has been a renewal of the disturbances
there and twelve American sailors were
killed in an encounter with Mussulmans.
So far as known the only American sail
ors at Beirut are marines and the crews
of the cruisers San Francisco and Brook
lyn.
Greece Supports Turkey.
LONDON. Sept. It).— A special dispatch
from Athens quotes former Premier Zai
mis as saying that the Greek government
is determined to co-operate with the Porte
In the suppression of the insurrection in
Macedonia, though Greece is fully in fa
vor of the institution of reforms after or
der has been restored. He denounced the
attitude of the Bulgarians, saying that
their aim was to destroy all the Greek
Christians and to prevent Macedonia be
coming independent. Zaimls added that
he believed the powers would never per
mit a Turko-Bulgarian war. and said that
measures would be adopted by the Porta
at a very early date to suppress the revo
lution.
BEIRUT. Sept. 10.— Up to 6:40 o'clock
this morning the United States gunboat
Macbias had not arrived here.
Machias Not Yet at Beirut
latter said the situation there was quiet
er. Many shops, h© said, were still closed,
but the people were getting over the scare
of Sunday. The text of the dispatch was
not made public, but it was explained
that this was all the news that It con
veyed relative to conditions at\ Beirut.
All of Admiral Cotton's communications
to \ the Navy Department are promptly
sent to the State Department.
Mlnlster-Lelshman has cabled the State
Department that he has procured the re
lease of Abdul Kader Mathaney, a nat
uralized citizen of the United States, born
at Tripoli, Syria, who, soon after return
ing to 1 his native country In 1901, commit
ted an offense for which he waa sentenced
by the Consular court of the United
States at Beirut to a term of six months
in the Syrian Jail. In the early part of
the current year he- was arrested at Trip
oli and condemned by the local court for
the same offense to three and a half
years' imprisonment. Minister Leishman
promptly -protested against this violation
of the rights of an American citizen.
Minister Leishman reported also that
the French Kmbassador had demanded
the removal of the Governor of Beirut,
and that* other "foreign representatives
probably would do the same. Leishman
has been vigorously urging the Sublime
Porte to replace the Governor with some
one more capable of preserving order and
of giving more efficient protection to
American citizens and Interests. In this
course he has the approval of the State
Department. "
The . Navy Department has recived a
cablegram from Rear Admiral Cotton,
dated Beirut, yesterday, stating that the
arrival of the Turkish Governor General
from Damascus had restored confidence.
The Governor General has warned the lo
cal authorities that he will hold them re
sponsible for disturbances. Admiral Cot
tori says that the city was quiet Tues
day night and business Improving. '
BESHIB PASHA DISMISSED.*
Forte Heeds Demand Made by
America and Other Powers.
BERLIN, Sept. 10.— A d'spatch received
from Constantinople says Nazim Pasha
has been formally appointed vail of Beir
ut, In place of Reshld Pasha, who has
been dismissed.
CON'STANTINOPLE, Sept. 10.— United
States Minister Leishman presented a
demand to the Turkish Government for
the dismissal of Ileshid Pasha, vail of
Beirut, on the ground that, so long' an he
Is retained In office, the lives and prop
erty of Americans in Beirut were In
secure.
The dispatch of Nazim Pasha to Beirut
from his post at Damascus Is considered
to be a preliminary step toward a set
tlement. Nazim' Pasha received an en
thusiastic reception upon his arrival at
Beirut, a crowd at the railway station
cheering him repeatedly. The town was
then perfectly tranquil.
Beirut advices received here late yes
terday stated that uneasiness still pre
vailed amonsr the Christians there and
that the exodus to the mountains con
tinued, but no fresh disturbances had oc-
curred.
Rear Admiral Cotton confirms the re
ports that he could land 500 marines and
bluejackets from the Brooklyn and San
ROME, Sept. 10.— Professor Carderelli.
the eminent physician, who is a member
of the Senate, publishes in the Rlvlsta
d'ltalla to-day a long article to demon
strate that Pope Leo XIII died of tuber
culous cancer or right hydrothorax. He
fortifies hia . statement with arguments
based on his own experience and that of
authorities such as Trousseau, Barth,
Franker and Zagari, to show that all the
symptoms of the Illness of Pope Leo as
stated in bulletins by Drs. Lapponl and
Mazzonl lead to the conclusion that the
late Pope was not affected by pleurisy or
pleuro-pneufonia. Profesor Carderelli
affirms that from the moment blood liquid
appears in the pleura and is found
through thoracentesis, especially when
the lluid gathers deceitfully without pain
or fever or manifest cause of pleurisy,
the diagnosis of pleurisy must be exclud
ed, and that when the liquid forms In
the right pleura it usually indicates can
cer or hydrothorax in aged people. There
are forms of senile pleurisy or pneumonia,
he continues, In* which fever, pain and
cough are lacking, but these are almost
without exception of a tuberculous na
ture. The declaration that the post mor
tem examination confirmed the diagno
sis made by Drs. Lapponi and Mazzoni,
the professor declares, is not sufficient,
as only careful microscopic examination
in these cases can establish the real af
fection of the pleura.
The professor'* statement consludes as
follows;
Herir.atlc Berum gathered deceitfully with
out fever, pain or cough In an Ola man of 94,
with diminishing strength, should have made
the doctors think of cancer of the pleura or
tuberculous hydrothorax instead of pleurisy,
pieuro-pneumonia or senile pulmonary nepati
tation. but it is impossible to make a diagno
sis without havlnsr seen the patient and with
out precise data on the chemical nature of the
composition of the liquid taken from the pleura.
Faithful to a high pledge taken. I have waited
forty days from the death of the Pope before
making the publication.
Publishes Long Article ' to
Prove Correctness of
Dr. Carderelli Takes Is
sue With Vatican
Physicians.
Many cruelties perpetrated by Chris
tians are attributed to Greek spies headed
by a Greek Bishop who. with the Greek
consuls, it is said, are paid by the Porte
for their services. The Greeks are ac
cused of Inventing reports for the purpose
of fanning the Mussulmans' hatred of the
Bulgarians.
The Turkish functionaries openly scoff
at the idea of reforms or European inter
vention, declaring that should armed Eu
ropean forces come the 'i'ur^s would Im
mediately burn, destroy and massacre,
leaving only bare fields throughout Mace
donia,
The Informant continues that It Is esti
mated that there are more than 70,000 per
sons in the fields without shelter and
starving. Hllmi Pasha has promised the
Consuls that he will asnlst the destitute,
but he has done nothing and even refuses
to allow them' to enter the town and begr
for food.
dren were brutally flogged by the soldiers
and many were killed, the Bashl Bazouks
leaving the bodies unburled. The Bul
garian inhabitants of the town of Veles
are terriiled, fearing to leave their houses
lest they be denounced by the Greek spies
and cast into prison. /
A telegram from Burgas states that 2000
Turkish soldiers, with two cannon, have
landed near Vasiliko, on the Black Sea.
and attacked the town, which is still oc
cupied by the insurgents. .
A European merchant who left Monas
tir on September 8 has arrived at Sofia
and has given an account of the terrible
conditions prevailing In the vilayet of
Monastlr. Hilmi Pasha is following the
lines of his predecessors, and the greatest
excesses that have ever been committed
have occurred since his arrival. Through
out the vilayet of Monastlr. the Turkish
soldiers are dally perpetrating almost in
conceivable atrocities. They dishonor the
young girls in the presence of their par
ents and pillage and murder everywhere.
Even funeral procession* are halted and
the bodies . stripped of clothing. The
priests' vestments are seized and the sol
diers sell their plunder openly, the officers
apparently consenting.
FANATICISM AT HIGH STAGE.
This informant says the ChrlsJIan In
habitants are terror-stricken, hourly fear
ing a general massacre by the Mussul
mans, whose fanatical hatred of the
Christians has reached the highest point.
Tho shops are closed in Monastlr. business
Is suspended and the streets are deserted.
Even the Consuls do not dare to venture
outside their homes. The country people
are afraid to come to the city, lest they
be robbed and murdered on the way.
Europeans desiring to see the burned
villages are prevented by the authorities
on various excuses. Tho British Consul
wanted to go to Smllevo. but ililml
Pasha informed him that he could not
guarantee his safety, as the revolutiona
ries had plotted to kill him.
An imperial irade has been Issued or
dering the repair or reconstruction of
the fortifications at Adrianople. Chatalja,
Erzeroum and the Bosphorus.
Private advices from .Klrk Kll'sseh
state that while the Turkish regular
troops are conducting: themselves well,
the Albanians are insubordinate and ara
pillaging and burning villages and are
even threatening their own officers when
they are ordered not to plunder. Up to
September 7 twenty-seven battalions of
troops had been concentrated in the Kirk
Killsseh district. ; f-
Francisco in case of urgent necessity.
Nothing is known here, anent any ar
rangement made by other powers for
sending warships to Beirut.
Continued From Page 1, Column 5.
BELIVES POPE
DIED OF CANCER
Turkey Heeds American Demand for
the Removal of Vali of Beirut.
POPULAR CLAMOR FORCING BULGARIA AND TURKEY TO WAR
SCENES IN EUROPEAN TURKEY, WHERE THE SULTAN'S SOL
DIERS ARE RAVAGING WITH FIRE AND SWORD IN THE EF
FORT TO SUPPRESS THE MACEDONIAN INSURRECTION.
WASHINGTON*. Sept. 10.— This Government
has Instituted proceedings for the extradition
of Leopold Stem, the Baltimore . contractor,
who disappeared when Indicted by the Grand
Jury in this city for con«ptracy In a postal
contract and who wu located recently at
Toronto. Canada.
William Steele, aged 30 years, a car
penter by occupation, committed suicide
yesterday afternoon by cutting his throat
with a razor in a vacant lot at the foot of
Sixth street. He was discovered by a
passerby, who rang for an ambulance.
Steele was taken to the Emergency Hos
pital, but he died on the operating table.
The suicide had been out of employment
for several months and this caused him
to become despondent and led to the rash
Despondency Leads to Suicide.
OAKLAND, Sept. 10.— A Coroner's Jury
to-night found a verdict of murder in the
case of Hiramatsu, the Japanese waiter
who was stabbed to death Sunday noon
in a Japanese restaurant on. Eighth street
by Maruse, cook in the place, who ia in
custody.
Charge Japanese With Murder.
The saloon of Edward M. Davis at 400
McAllister street was entered by burglars
come time after 2 o'clock on Thursday,
morning and 525 was taken out of the
cash register. Davis closed up the place
at 2 o'clock and when he came down sev
eral hours later he discovered his loss. It
is supposed that the burglars hid them
selves in the rear of the place and then
broke open the till as soon as Davis left.
The police are working on the case, but
have no clew to the burgars.
Burglars Rob Saloon.
SOFIA, Bulgaria, Sept. 10.— A private
dispatch from P.iloplan announces that In
an engagement fought on September 2 at
Yeltepe. in the Perim district of Roumelia,
COO Turkish troops were completely routed
by Macedonian insurgents, who. It Is add
ed, were everywhere received by the popu
lation with enthusiasm. The Turks fled.
TURKS PUT TO FLIGHT.
The bride's father was formerly guar
dian of the park here. Mr. Simmonds Is
well known in San Francisco as well as
at Berkeley, where he graduated from
the University of California. He is su
perintendent of the Socrates mine, near
Sonora, In which town the newly married
couple will soon take up their residence.
TOSEMITE V ALLEY. Sept. 10.-The
wedding of Miss Isabel Dennison, eldest
daughter of Mr. and Mrs. W. E. Denni
ron of San Francisco, and Elton James
Slmmonds of Sonora occurred this after
noon under the towering and glacier
marked wall of Union Point. The Rev.
W. T. Bparhawk of Wawona officiated.
the Valley.
Hiss Isabel Dennison of San Fran
cisco Becomes a Bride in :>-;;
CUPID MAKES CONQUEST
IN BEAUTEOUS YOSEMITE
LONDON, Sept. 10. — "Europe is stand
ing on the edge of a precipice/' said
a diplomatist who Is participating in
the international negotiations in connec
tion with the Balkan question, "and no
one can tell but that to-morrow may see
Turkey and Bulgaria plunged into war
in spite of all the efforts made to prevent
it. and though the powers separately have
made strong representations to Bulgaria
to deeist from aiding the insurgents and
are on the eve of making a joint demand
for the observance of a policy of strict
neutrality. In the meantime Turkev is
becoming encouraged by the attitude of
the powers toward Bulgaria, and there is
a strong feeling among the Mohammedans
that the opportunity Is at hand to take
summary vengeance on the Bulgarian
peopie. The Porte has been warned
against engaging in war, and we believe
hesitates to embark on a move which
may result in the armed intervention of
Europe. The, only encouraging sign In
the situation is the understanding between
the powers, all of which we are sure are
upholding Russia and Austria in their ef
forts to maintain peace. '
All of the advices, official and otherwise,
received here agree in saying that the
Turkish Government has noy restored
quiet at Beirut and that the rorte appre
ciates the neceslty for taking action In
the matter, as shown by the removal of
the vali of Beirut, as demanded by United
States'Minister Leishman.
So far as can be learned, though the
powers are prepared to send ships at a
moment's notice to Salonica, In compli
ance with the reported request of the Con
suls, no orders for warships to sail have
yet been issued. Confidence Is expressed
that should Mich action be taken it will
be in concert.
No confirmation has been obtained of
the report published by Die Zeit of Vien
na to-day that Turkish troops have been
ordered to cross the Bulgarian frontier of
Eastern Roumanla, on the coming full
moon nights. In order to surround all the
Insurgent bands In the vilayet of Adrian
ople, but It would not be surprising if. In
spite of orders to the contrary, Turkish
troops pursuing insurgent bands should
cross the frontier, and this would precipi
tate a conflict between the Turks and Bul
garians. -L: -?';'
Mohammedans Are Clamoring .for
Vengeance Upon Bulgaria.
POWERS ENCOURAGE TURKEY.
Cologne — Th« court-martial of the Fifteenth
Division has sentenced Sergeant Schott to a
year in prison and degradation for flogging
privates and horsewhipping and kicking them.
Twelve artillerymen were sentenced to short
terms for assisting him.
There have been eighty convictions of
sergeants for abuse of privates during: the
last three months and about 20 courts
martial are pending.
The administration of the army ig mak
ing the most determined efforts to stop
these brutalities, which Herr Bebel, the
Socialist leader, detailed in a ferocious
three hours' speech In the Reichstag In
the spring. The weak reply of General
von Gossler on the following day probably
cost him his place as Minister of War.
It has long been the theory of military
men that a little rough treatment Was
gefod for privates and cultivated manhood
in them. The Emperor never shared these
views nor countenanced the cruelties prac
ticed in nearly every regiment. He is
sued an order most emphatically forbid
ding the ill-treatment of privates and or
dering the prosecution and severe punish
ment of those guilty of such ill-treatment.
BERLIN, Sept. lO.-Paragraphs similar
to the following appear almost daily In
the provincial press:
Eighty Sergeants Are Convicted and
Punished and Other - Courts- V
Martial Are Pending.
BERLIN, Sept. 10.— The Tageblatt says
the German training ship Moltke, with
400 men on board, left Lisbon to-day for
Greece, and adds that she will go from
there to Beirut.
GERMAN ARMY OFFICERS
ABUSE PRIVATE SOLDIERS
German Ship Goes to Beirut.
SALONICA, Sept. 10.— in the recent fight
at Gaadetz, near Demlr-Kapou, among
the insurgent dead were eight Bulgarian
officers, whose heads have been brought
to Demlr-Kapou.
Eight Bulgarian Officers Among the
Insurgent Dead.
HEADS ABE EXHIBITED.
Mohammedans Eager to Begin ' Ex
termination of Christians.
A committee representing all classes
has been organized by the professors of
the Sofia University and is sitting daily
to discuss the situation. Bitter attacks
en Prince Kerdinand are indulged in for
his action in dissolving the Sobranje at
such a critical moment, which is charac
terized as treason against Uie people.
Resolutions will be submitted to this
committee urging the immediate mobiliza
tion of the army against Turkey.
The Daily Telegraph's correspondent at
Sofia, in a long resume of the situation,
points out that Bulgaria does not pos-
EfEs sufficient troops to properly cordon
the frontier. She has only posts of five
men each at points thrc-« miles distant
from one another, and as the Turkish
frontier guards always retire when they
fcee Bulgarian bands crossing the latter
have an easy task. The correspondent
thinks this points to the conclusion that
the Ottoman Government desires to keep
the insurrection alive as a pretext for the
annihilation of the Christiana, and as the
Bulgarians are unlikely to remain Inac
tive spectators of the massacte of their
brethren the current of popular feeling
may easily become too strong for any
Government to withstand. Even in the
liulgarian army and administration there
is strong Fympathy for the Macedonians,
and in these services there is also a. large
percentage of Macedonians. Hitherto, by
promising European Intervention and sup
pressing the details of the Turkish atroc
ities, the Government has succeeded in
cllaying popular indignation, but such
temporary expedients can no longer avail,
and nothing short of international Inter
vention can dispel the storm clouds now
fast gathering.
A curious .story appears in the Vienna
N'eue Freie Presse that the Sheikh of
Medina is spreading the report that the
prophet Mohammed rose from his tomb
and exclaimed in solemn tones: "Allah,
save thy people," whereupon the 8ix
cuardians of the tomb expired from ter
ror. The legend has excited Constanti
nople and is regarded as an Intrigue to
compel the Ottoman Government to un
dertake an antl-Chrlstian campaign.
Sofia, is rising to the danger point
All indications tend to show that however
loyally the Government desires to ob-
F»rve a neutral attitude it will be forced
ere long by pressure from the people into
a formal declaration of sympathy with
the Macedonian Christians. Premier Pet
rott'e informal intimation to the diplo
matic corps in Solia that unless some
means of restraining Turkey's terrible
measures to suppress the uprising in
Macedonia be taken by the powers Bul
garia will be forced to depart from strict
neutrality Is regarded as a warning In
tnis sense to the powers.
LONDON*. Sopt. 11.— The temper ot
the Bulgarian pc-op'.e and Govern
mtr.t, according to telegrams from
Sofia Government
Cannot Restrain
Populace.
rHE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, SEPTEMBER 11, 1903.
2
• ADVERTISEMENTS.
Chas. Keilus & Co.
E x c 1 u s i v e
Hfgh-Grade Clothiers
No Branch Stores, . No Affenta.
The Combined Knowledge
Of Expert Designers
And Foremcst Makers
Put the Chic and Style
In Our Fall Smart Clothes
Another Advantage Is
We Sell Men's Clothes Only
® 132®
Kearny Street
Thurlow Block
ADVERTISEMENTS.
HI 1 Ilw I lUSIIC \3 1 r
B ; A few of the Principal Buildings of the
I Covers 125 Acres— Equal to 60 City Blocks , §
II . Sales for Year 1865: 8,000 Barrels of Beer t
H Sales for Year 1902: 1,109,^15 Barrels of Beer HSeen in the 'light of Indian summer It will
bo a memorable sight. The excursion Septem
ber 17, via Southern Pacific, goes in by Inspira
tion Point and comes out by Glacier Point. The
rate. $48 CO, covers all necessary expenses for
flve-day trip, both ways, including railroad,
Pullman and stage tickets, hotels, drive In val
ley, saddle homes and guides and all day at
MarlDosa Bisr Tree*. . . - - , . • ¦ ¦¦
The Great Valley.
SPOKANE, Wash., Sept. 10.— Robbers
broke into the bank of Downs, last night
and blew the doors off the safe, which is
said to have y contained about $5000. The
explosion was so great that the heavy
safe fell forward, the front downward on
the floor. The robbers were unable to
raise it to get at its contents and left
without their booty.
Safe Too Heavy for Robbers.
HASHED ROBBERS MAKE
RICH HAUL IN TACOMA
Five Desperadoes Hold Up a Saloon
Crowd and Carry Away
$1600. :
TACOMA. Wash.. Sept. 10.— Five mask
ed men entered the barroom of the Hotel
Oheit at South Twenty-first street and
Pacific avenue shortly after 12 o'clock
last night, held up five men, including the
bartender and proprietor, robbed the till
behind the bar and forced the proprietor
to open the safe in the office adjoining
the barroom. •
The robbers secured $1600 in cash, a
considerable amount of jewelry and sev
eral gold , nuggets. After dividing their
plunder the men walked out. t
Horse Kills an Aged Man.
VACAVILLE, Sept. lO.-Thomas Atkln.
6on, an old and prominent resident, was
thrown from a bucking horse yesterday
and had his collar bone broken. He suf
fered greatly for an hour before his
death. lie was 75 years of age
CHARLOTTE. JC. C. Sept. 10.— VTilfrcd
Koseborouph i.nvo, was executed at Statee
vllle, N. C. ro-day. fcr having killed Mrs.
Adoiph Beavers come werks a?o.
SEATTLE, Wash., Sept. 10.— The fol
lowing statement has been authorized by
the officers of the steamer Excelsior, re
ported ashore in.Wrangel Narrows:
"To save his ship from destruction by
fire Captain F. S. Moore of the steam
ship Excelsior beached her last Sunday
on Midway Island near the south end of
Wrangel Narrows. During the ; voyage
north to Valdes it was discovered that
the coal cargo in the bunkers was on fire.
Captain Moore headed the vessel for the
sandy beach, the sea cocks were opened
and the lire was extinguished. ' The pas
sengers on the Excelsior, about fifty In
number, were taken to Juneau on the
steamship Dolphin and thence to Valdes
on the Bertha. The Excelsior was slight
ly damaged."
Alaskan Steamship Only Slightly
Damaged and Passengers Are
Sent to Valdes.
Williams was not at home to-day, be
ing out on his run on the "peanut"
freight, between Oakland and San Jose.
Conductor Robert Buchanan was in
charge of the Alameda train. Mrs. Wil
liams was a native of Ireland.
BEACHING OF EXCELSIOR
NECESSITATED BY FIRE
This morning when Mrs. Williams arose
she complained of illness, but went about
her domestic labors as usual and arous
ed no suspicion among the family that
all was not right. But a despondent fit
of melancholy. seized the mother and that
is ascribed as the cause for her deed.
As soon as the train could be stopped
the crew removed the crushed remains,
and the Coroner, who was notified, took
charge of the body.
Less than an hour before she ended her
life, Mrs. Williams had parted from her
two children, boys, whom she accom
panied to the Tompklns School from
their home, 1659 Fifth street. She kissed
the children and left them, only to go
to the death that apparently was delib
erately planned, for Mrs. Willlams'went
to the railroad tracks only a few blocks
from the school and there waited for the
train.
OAKLAND, Sept. 10— With her mind
awry from melancholia, Mrs.
Kate Williams, 28 years of age,
wife of Joseph H. Williams., a
Southern Pacific brakeman, com
mitted suicide this morning by throwing
herself in front of the 9:45 o'clock Ala
rneda local train at First and Peralta
streets. Engineer Horace Hammond
saw Mrs. Williams at the side of the
track on which his train was whizzing
through the railroad yards, but he had
not the slightest opportunity to check
the speed before the deranged woman
jumped in front of the locomotive, just
as it reached the spot where she had
been standing.
The body was mangled and torn. The
woman's head was scalped and her in
juries were such that death was instan
taneous.
The young man had worked for Tlll
mann & Ber.dle in San Frandsro for the
past six years and was one of the most
trusted and valued employes.
ANTIOCH, Sept W.-Carl Poppe. 23
years of age. was drowned in the river
near Sherman Island yesterday afternoon.
He came from San Francisco to pay his
parents, who farm land on Sherman Isl
and, a visit and in the afternoon started
in a rowboat to have a swim. He was
alone and when he did not return his rela
tives were alarmed. Upon making a
search they found the boat tied .to the
bank and In it were his clothes.' They
used grappling irons and found the body
close by. It is surmised that he struck
his head on one of the numerous stumps
In the river. What supports this theory
is the fact that the face was badly
bruised.
Young San Franciscan Drowned
While Spending a Holiday at
Sherman Island.
The body was identified at the Morgue
in the afternoon by Miss Waldorf's father.
J. D. Waldorf, of 312 Van Ness avenue.
He stated that for the last six months
she had been a victim of nervous prostra
tion and melancholia and that she had
been sent to the country to recuperate.
She returned a few weeks ago but little
improved in health, and two weeks ago
she went to take care of two children for
a friend on De Long avenue, not far from
where she was found by the milkman.
While there she complained that she was
unable to sleep and there is no doubt
that the loss of sleep produced insanity.
Miss Waldorf was a native of Virginia
City, Nev.
SWIMS IN A RIVER
AND LOSES HIS LIFE
At 5 o'clock yesterday morning the
driver of a milk wagon reported to the
park police station that he had passed a
woman acting strangely on Cole street,
between Page and Oak. Policeman P. J.
Bourdett went to the place indicated and
found Miss Waldorf, almost unconscious,
leaning against a building. At her feet
lay a battle containing a small quantity
of carbolic acid. He called to his assist
ance a paper carrier named A. J. •Lyle
and they took her in his cart to the Park
Emergency Hospital, where the young
woman died about half an hour later,
never having recovered consciousness.
She was fully dressed, with the excep
tion of her hat.
carbolic acid. She had been suf
fering from melancholia and nervous
prostration for some time.
ADELINE WALDORF, a grad
uated kindergarten teacher, 28
years old. committed suicide yes
terday morning by swallowing
Mrs. Kate Williams Hurls
Herself in Front of
Train.
Miss Adeline Waldorf by
Carbolic Acid Finds
Surcease.
THREE YOUNG WOMEN WHO, BECOMING DESPONDENT BECAUSE
OF CONTINUED ILL HEALTH, ENDED THEIR LIVES YESTERDAY,
ONE IN OAKLAND AND TWO IN THIS CITY.
There are nearly 650,000 women dress
makers in the United Kingdom.
BELGRADE. Servla, Sept. 10. — A mob made
a great demonstration last night against the
newspapers which have defended the army
officers recently arrested. The crowd attempt
ed to rroce<?d to the Turkish legation, but
wag dispersed by the police. Many persons
¦were slightly Injured.
I'KIAH, Sept. 10.— The Lucas & Paxton
warehouse and contents in this city -were
destroyed by fire this forenoon. The fire
caught from a cigarette which had been
carelessly thrown In the driveway be
side the building. The losses are as fol
lows: Dr. George McCoweh, owner of
building. $2340; Lucas & Paxton. lessees,
$3000; Wainbcldt. Mendenhall and the Up
per Lake Canning Company, 1000 cases of
canned beans: goods stored belonging to
persons. $1000; Ben Melton, ten tons oats;
Luois & Paxton, twenty tons of hay, ten
tons of salt, and 200 wool Eacks.
Orr & Evans, -whose planing mill and
lumber : -rd adjoins the warehouse, lost
about 40,000 feet of lumber valued at $1303.
Part of the depot platform and one
freight car were burned. The total losses
are $15,000, and so far as learned there was
no insurance.'
Fifteen Thousand Dollars the Loss
by a Fierce Blaze at
Ukiah.
FLAMES MAKE A BUIN
OF WAREHOUSE CONTENTS
The property at the junction of Market
and Battery streets was recently sold by
the sisters and they were also joint own
ers of the property at the corner of
Ftockton and gutter streets.
A scaled envelope lay on the table. It
was addressed to Dr. McNutt. It con
tained her will, the purport of which Dr.
McNutt refused to divulge, but it was
rr-ported that the decedent made a sister,
Mrs. Grace Strohne of Chicago, her heir.
Miss Clark made the request in the note
that hn tody should be cremated.
Two years ago Bhe made an Ineffectual
attempt to take her own life by the use
of gas. That was shortly prior to her
reing admitted to the McNutt Hospital.
She was finely educated and accomplish
ed and 22 years of age.
Miss Clark was a graduate of Stan
ford University and an expert horse
woman. One of her sisters is Mrs.
Jerome A. Hart, whose husband is man
ager of the Argonaut.
The discover}- was made at half past
7 o'clock yesterday morning by her maid.
Miss Margaret Whitelaw. who smelled
pas proceeding from Miss Clark's room.
She immediately eumraoned the head
nurse, who forced an entrance and found
the dead body of Miss Clark lying on a
lounge. Near by stood a small gas heat
ing stove on a footstool. The valve sup
p:ying the burner with gas was fully
open.
Hospital last Wednesday night
by inhaling illuminating gas She had
been a sufferer from a nervous affection
for the last e5x years and two years ago
she became an inmate of the hospital. The
young woman was not bedridden, but it
v.as deemed advisable that she should
reside where medical attendance was
r.ear at hand.
MISS ISABELLA D. CLARK, a
member of the wealthy family
of that narr-e in San Jose, com
mitted suicide in the McNuit
Miss Isabella Clark Ends
Life in Hospital by
Means of Gas.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN JOSE. Sept. 10.— Murder, suicide
and arson formed the culmination of a
Japanese love affair In this city this
forenoon. The murder may be double, for
one of the victims of the Impetuous lover
is at the point of death. The Japanese
boarding-house of S. Tahnchl and wife,
at 49 Cleveland avenue, was the scene
of the crime. Mrs. T. Tahnchl, on whom
the murderous lover tried to force his at
tention, and J. Kudow, the murderer and
suicide, occupy slabs In the morgue.
Tahnchi, the woman's Husband, ,1a in the
Red Cross Sanitarium, where the doctors
are trying to save his life.
The crime was committed shortly be
fore 10 o'clock. Tahnchl and bis wife
had conducted a Japanese boarding-house
in the Sixth-street Chinatown for years.
They were quiet, respectable people, and
had accumulated considerable money. A
trip to their former home in Japan was
to be made shortly and they had pre
pared for the Journey by purchasing large
quantities of the finest clothing.
Kudow is believed to have been a Jap
anese laborer, although but little 19
known of him. He had made frequent
trips to this city and came here again
last night. He was smitten with Mrs.
Tahnchi and proposed to her that she
leave her husband and elope with him.
The woman refused and then it was that
the man planned the double murder and
suicide.
Kudow called at the house this morn
ing. Just what occurred is not known,
but from the position of the bodies It Is
believed -he called Mrs. Tahnchl out into
th# hall. She was shot twice and her
body was found in the hall. The husband
of the woman at the • beginning of the
shooting had evidently ran into the back
yard to get help. Kudow followed him
and shot him in the center of the back
Just as he reached the yard. He was
found unconscious there. The murderer
then entered one of the bedrooms. He
set fire to the bed, intendins that arson
A committee consisting of Dra. E. I>.
McCreary, W. C. Gray and Rev. J. W.
Ross was selected by a vote of the con
ference to nominate a select number of
fifteen members of the conference, who
shall constitute a court to try the case.
Dr. A. C. Bane and Dr. J. N. Beard were
elected counsel to represent the church
in the trial. The names of Dr. Ham
mond's counsel have not yet been an
nounced.
The conference will meet at 8 o'clock
to-morrow morning in executive session
to elect the members of the trial com
mittee, against any one of which Dr.
Hammond has the right of challenge. It
is planned to have the trial go on at
once and complete It before the confer
ence adjourns. The sittings of the trial
committee will be held behind closed
doors, as is the custom in such cases.
The lay electoral conference will meet to
morrow morning to elect delegates to the
general conference, which meets in Los
Angeles next May.
The auestion whether the conference
should entertain the charges and the
method of procedure if they were en
tertained occupied the greater part of the
afternoon. It was recognized that due
notice of the charges had not been given,
but after a full consideration and with
the consent of Dr. Hammond sufficiency
of notice was waived. It was decided to
entertain the charges and they were or
dered to trial.
PACIFIC GROVE, Sept. 10.— The Cali
fornia Methodist. Episcopal Conference
met in executive session this afternoon to
consider the charges of improper con
duct preferred against Dr. J. D. Ham
mond. The exact nature of these charges,
which it is understood were signed . by
Drs. E. P. Dennett. E. R. DiHe, J. N.
Beard and A. H. Briggs, has not yet been
made public, but it is known that they
relate, mainly to business transactions
in connection with the administration of
the San Francisco branch of the Meth
odist Book Concern.
SAN RAFAEL, Sept. 10.— As the result
of the , burning of a portion of trestle
No. 20 on the North Shore Railroad all
rail communication with points north of
San Ansclmo Junction was cut off for
many hours to-day.
Had it not been for the watchfulness
of Engineer Canady last night the com
pany would have to record another dis
astrous wreck. Canady, in making his
up-country run with ten cars "dead
heading" to Cazadero, noticed the bridge
on fire and stopped the train just in
time to keep it from plunging into a
ravine fifty feet below.
The fire was discovered about 9:30
o'clock. The regular down-country ex
press train - from Cazadero and a picnic
train with 1500 excursionists from Camp
Taylor had passed over the bridge but a
short time before the blaze became no
ticeable.
Canady's train was ascending White
Hill grade and had near'.y reached the
summit. That portion of the road is
very circuitous and on account of the
heavy incline the locomotive was run
ning slowly. Five trestles have to be
gone over and on approaching the last
one Canady noticed a light below the
track. On reaching the bridge he could
see it was on fire. He immediately back
ed, notified Conductor de Sella and the
train crew went to the scene. One of the
crew crossed the bridge, walked through
the tunnel and on to- White Hill telegraph
station, a distance of a mile, where Oper
ator Walter Sharp was awakened and the
railroad* officials in Sausallto were noti
fied. Superintendent Fisher at once or
dered out a wrecking train. The fire was
extinguished after about fifty feet of the
trestle had been consumed.
The cause of the fire is not known, but
seme ascribe it to incendiarism.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
A letter was found on the body of the
murderer showing that the crime was the
result of a love affair. If stated that the
writer was enamored of the woman and
had made a proj>ositlon to her to run
away with him. His lovo waa stronger
than life and if he could not have the
woman he intended to kill her and her
husband and then commit suicide.
The sum of $430 was found in the house
belonging to Tahnchl ana his wife, and
they are said to have had considerable
money in bank.
should hide his crime, and then com
mitted suicide by shooting himself In the
stomach.
SACRAiTENTO. Sept. 10.— President E.
H. Zimmerman of Watsonvllle rapped to
order at the pavilion this afternoon the
fourth annual convention of tha Califor
nia Creamery Operators* Association. A
large number of creamery operator!,
farmers and dairymen were In attend
ance, and an Interesting discussion wu
had on subjects Indicated by the name of
tha organization. The cessions will con
tinue to-morrow, wbten various papers
will be read and discussed.
In his address to-day President Zim
merman said the executive meeting bad
deemed It unwise to attempt another se
ries of butter contests, and had decided
to reserve energy for the season of 1904.
when it was hoped to secure the national
convention for California. He urged the
widening of the scope of the work of the
association so as to get all parts of the
State Interested In it.
This will enable the association to gain
recognition from the Legislature, said
President Zimmerman. He said the dairy
industry in this State never looked more
prosperous than at present. He said the
association must keep its eyes open for
process butter and he hoped for the time
when there would be manufactured in
this State nothing but creamery butter of
the highest grade.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Court to Consist of Fifteen
Clergymen at the Con
ference.'.
Emp'y Train Is Stopped Be
fore Reaching Point of
Danger.
Association Will Strive to
Widen the Scope of Its
Work.
Slayer of a Woman Tries to
Burn a House to Hide
His Crime.
California Creamery Op
erators Meet at Sac
ramento.
Line Is Narrowly
Averted.
1
Disaster on North Shore
Trial of Dr. Hammond
Will Proceed at Pa
cific Grove.
A Murderous Japanese
Succeeds in Murder
and Suicide.
MINISTERS AGREE
TO HEAR CHARGES
DAIRY INDUSTRY
IS PROSPEROUS
TRAGEDY ENDS
A LOVE AFFAIR
ENGINEER SEES
TRESTLE ABLAZE
¦ - .
THE J?AN FBAKCISCO CALL, FRIDAY; SEPTEMBER 11, 1903.
THREE DESPONDENT WOMEN
VOLUNTARILY LEAVE WORLD
3
. As stated last Thursday, we have just received from our workshops a large shipment of V^I&W^iF
long overcoats, which we called the "Tourist." ' \^^$g0
The garments are like the accompanying picture, which is sketched from life, and it \*^^^^^v
shows just how the coat hangs and fits. I* ~5^&§3p^.
The coats have a removable back strap, are made in loose effect, from an all-wool cheviot, j&%$P$^$&^>^
in different patterns, and the garment is fully 50 inches in length. M^^'^^^^^^^ '
We pronounce-k among- the best values we ever offered in overcoats. Considering the jS^^^^^^^^^^
style, material, workmanship and other points of superiority we doubt if there is another /^^t^^''~'i^/v^sk »a
coat in town at $15.00 that is one whit better. jfiS^S^'i'^ly't^S^ Hi
Our stock of trousers in fall patterns has been received and we were never before in a posi- . '^i%>^M^>V^^^^^ffi® j&§
tion to show you such a vast assortment as now. The stock includes every material and 'i^^v^^M^S^^^i^^^^^P
pattern suitable for trousers, and the prices range from $2.25 up to $8.00. '/'£•&%& *^.*^^^^^^^^^ '
If you want a low priced suit you had better see the kind we sell for $9.00. They are all «gSg
wool, well made garments and we have seen suits like them sell in other stores for $12.50. M^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
E^^M lip I Special in Youths' Suits for $5.45
'ritiP^Mv m^lf^i^ c °^ ev a special sale of youths' suits in all-wool blue cheviots, in double-
i iiih^M liilllirl breasted style, for young men from 12 to 19 years; the picture shows the style of
¦ l . '''\ jliiiH^jr liilila^ 1 garment; the special price will be $5.45.
- ? }-, i|f$j[^ I lii^ls-l Latest shapes in boys' soft hats. $1.30.
Vj''V r : P^^^f ) W&M$ Boys' automobile caps from 45c up.
f i\ \'t- '.* -'ffiffiPli \ Biff line of dollar Sweaters for boys just received, comprising fancy weaves in
H •- iHvlliP^li the following colors: Horizontal stripes — maroon and white; black and purple;
'''I ¦; tlillii'^ gray and red ; royal and green. Perpendicular stripes — red and green; green
\" J ] '*| 7 :!iPfy$ an( l P m^5 navy and white; gray and red. Price $1.00.
*V. s \fi 111:?!! 1111 !§'•'! School Buttons free to boys and girls for the asking.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
BREWSIWS*
MILLIONS
FOR SALE
In Book Form
ALL BOOK STORES
vj BUY IT TO-DAY
Yourgrocer is willing enough
to sell good goods — Schilling's
Best proves that — the difficulty
is to get them.
Moneyback.Abraham R. Sheinbaum, a clothing cut
ter of San Francisco, filed a petition in in
solvency in the United States District
Court yesterday. He owes $5493 and has
no assets. All the creditors reside In
New York and Brooklyn,
In December, 1902, creditors of George
A.^Hill filed a petition in the United State's
District Court, asking to have him de
clared an involuntary bankrupt. A short
time afterward he died, and his daughter
and executrix, Antoinette H. Clark, yes
terday filed the schedule of his debts. He
owed $17,331 and had no assets.
Petitions in Insolvency.
T.he special matinee of "Gioconda" will
be remembered as one of the many com
pletely artistic productions of the Al
cazar.
The scene between her and her mother,
Silvia, was tender and pathetic.
The management left nothing undone.
The mounting of the play waa elaborate
and the studio of Lucio was admirably
and naturally arranged.
Judge Seawell sustained the demurrer
to the complaint In the case of Louis
Bazet vs. Auditor Harry Baehr.
Bazet was appointed police ' surgeon
April 1, 1900, and served In that capacity
until June 30. 1003, when the Board of
Police Commissioners declared the office
vacant and Bazet stepped down and out.
To take his place the board appointed
Dr. O. "W. Jones, who took office July 1.
Bazet then sued Baehr to restrain him
from paying Jones his salary for the
month of July, claiming that his removal
was out of order and Jones was not en
titled to the position, nor to the salary.
Dr. Bazet Loses His Case and Dr.
Jones Will Retain Po
sition.
NEW POLICE SURGEON
WELL GET HIS MONEY
The California Navigation and Improve
ment Company filed a petition In the
United District Court yesterday, asking
that its liability as owner of the river
steamer Mary Garratt be limited to $15,300
in the suits brought against It by the
Union 'Transportation Company for al
leged injuries received by the steamer
Dauntless in a collision with the Mary
Garratt on August 24 on the San Joaquin
River ten miles above Antloch. The peti
tioner alleges that the collision was the
fault of the dfflcers of the Dauntless and
not of v ~e Mary Garratt. It is set forth
that the value of the Mary Garratt after
the collision did not exceed 115,000 and
that of the freight pending $300.
The* Union Transportation Company has
filed a suit in the Superior Court against
the petitioner to. recover $100,000 damages,
and a libel for a similar sum in the United
States District Court. A. I*.Levinsky
Two Hundred Thousand Dollars'
Damages Asked by the Owners
of the Dauntless.
HEAVY SUITS AGAINST
THE MARY GARRATT
of counsel for the petitioner filed' the peti
tion.
George B. Morse, United States Com
missioner, has been appointed appraiser
to ascertain and report upon the value of
the Mary Garratt and the freight pending.
ASBURY PARK, N. J.. Sept. 10.— At the
convention of the Evangelical Lutheran
Synod of New York and N'ew? Jersey h*!d
here to-day, a resolution was Introduced
by Rev. C. W. Hesller of Albany, in'sym
pathy with the _ movement tc, : oust Reed
Smoot from his seat in the United States
Senate. After .ten minutes' ¦ heated dis
cussion the motion was laid on the table
by a vote cf 18 to 13.
Synod Will Not Oppose Smoot.
St. Louis is fast becoming one of the largest
commercial and manufacturing centers bf the
world, and has therefore much of interest to
visitors aside from the coming World's Pair.
It has a number of mercantile houses and
manufactories ranking first in their respective
lines, the name and fame of which have spread
throughout civilization. v °
Probably none other of these will appeal so
strongly to sightseers, . from points both of im
mensity and general interest, as. will 'the plant
of, the Anheuser-Busch Brewing. Ass'n When
in 1865. Mr. Adolphus Busch took charge of the
concern which was then known under the flrm
name of B. Anheuser & Co., it was one of the
smallest of its line In this country, but under
Mr. Busch's skillful guidance Its business in
creased phenomenally. New buildings sprune
up like mushrooms, but on foundations as
strong as fortresses, so that now the handsomo
red brick buildings, trimmed with granite^and
white stone, present a beautiful city In them
selves. From an output of 8000 barrels In 18«J5
its sales Increased to more than a million bar
rels per year in less than forty years.
However, the keystone to the success of this
great establishment was Budwelser, which on
account of Its rare mellowness, fine flavor and
exquisite taste, immediately became a favorite
among the beer-drinking people at all points of
the globe, and now by far exceeds in sales anv
other brand of bottled beer.- .
What St. Louis Is and Has.
Uses His Revolver After Being At
tacked and Wounded by Three
Saloon-Keepers.
MURRAY CITY, O.. Sept. lO.^-John
Mamet, a saloon-keeper, was fatally shot
last night by Marshal Surtles and Saloon
keepers G. W. Van Sickle and William
McComb were wounded.
Mamet was arrested by the marshal on
charges of keeping Ms saloon open on
Sunday and the saloon men swore ven
geance. The men met at Van Sickle f 3
saloon and Mamet at once drew his re
volver and shot at Surties, the ball strik
ing him in the wrist. Surties then fired,
killing Mamet. Van Sickle was shot in
the thigh and McComb in the hand by
Mamet while trying to take the marshal's
revolver away from him. • '-'*•'- - •
MARSHAL KILLS ONE MAN
AND WOUNDS TWO OTHERS
Postmaster commissioned— Washington
— Gebhard Deftrich, Hammond. Ap
pointed by the President-California— Wil
liam Fraser, Duncans Mills, Sonoma
County, vice Mrs. Jean Pyatt. removed.
Army orders— Leave of absence for one
month Is granted . Major Charles W
Hobbs, artillery, upon his relinquishing
duty at the Presidio, San Francisco
WASHINGTON, Sept. 10. — Postofflce
established — Washington — Foster, King
County, Adam Held postmaster.
Postofflce name changed— California
Dows Prairie, Humboldt County, to Mc-
Klnleyville; Isaac Minor postmaster.
Postofflce to be discontinued September
30 (superseded by rural free delivery)—
Oregon— Granger, Benton County; mail
goes to Corvallis.
Major Hobbs Is Granted Leave of
Absence Upon Relinquishing
Duty at the Presidio.
OF INTEBEST TO PEOPLE
. OF - THE PACIFIC COAST
GIOCONDA GIVEN
WARM RECEPTION
Miss Roberts Triumphs
in D'Annunzio's
"Gioconda," by Gabriels d'Annunzio,
and translated by Arthur Symons, was
presented yesterday afternoon at'the'Al
cazar by Miss Florence Roberts, who
appeared as Silvia Settala.
First of 'all, Frederic Belasco is to
bo heartily congratulated for the pains
taking manner in which the produc
tion was given. Every detail that tends
to the success of a performance from a
scenic point of. view had evidently been
carefully studied and caried out, which
fact an immense and representative au
dience was not slow to acknowledge.
The play "Gioconda" is absolute in its
emotion and in its sentiment and ven
tures on the verge of melancholia.
Throughout, the recitation of the attempt
ed suicide of Silvia's husband, Lucio, the
sculptor, because of his passion for hi3
beautiful model, Gioconda Dianti, the
development of the play is as a gloomy
pall.'-whlch along four acts darkens and
darkens until the glooms actually become
intense. :.'^ ; ,' -" > i -"".' : '.' m ; »^-- --"RV,<
i EVEKLASTINO SHADOW.
•There are poets who sing the sent!
mental, poets whose song thrills- witl
'light and merry note and ; poets who moai
in dirgeful morbidness, and Gabriel*
d'Annunzio belongs to the latter class
He chants and moans in the minor. Then
Is the everlasting shadow, shadow, shad
ow until the very , last act, when La
Sirenetta brings a smile and a flitting
beam on the dark gloom
Lucio proves convincingly by wofel anc
action that he Vcannot free his soul ex
cept by tearing her— Gioconda— from his
heart," and he becomes so persistent ir
that declaratlon,~in face of the fact thai
he has been rescued from the clutch ol
prim death by, his faithful Silvia, that on<
actually loses -every particle of patience
and regrets that the sweet, much-tried
confiding wife should be willing to ~suffei
further anguish. .
Miss Florence Roberts did nobly with
the part of Silvia Settala, and since the
doleful composer allows no latitude foi
the actor to escape the minor key, ¦ It fs
truly remarkable how the Interest \t
maintained. Miss Roberts gave a per
formance that adds to her previous long
list of successes and nothing could more
plainly attest to this than the almost
appalled interest of the audience through
out four acts.
Lucius Henderson had the thankless
role, Lucio Settala, and infused into the
translation a quantity of emotion which
is indispensable if the lines are to be re
spected by the Interpreter.
MOUNTING ELABORATE.
"William Yerance, too, gave a capita
performance In the 'part of Lorenzo Gad
di, and Harry S. Hilllard's Cosimo Dalbc
was most agreeably presented. Miss
Edith Angus played the part of Fran
cesca Doni with admirable judgment and
grace, and it fell to Miss Bertha Blanch
ard as Gioconda to sound the. first strong
dramatic note when in the third act sh«
• meets the wife of : the sculptor for whon:
she has been the model for the work intc
which he has- put blood and life and
breath. • "¦'¦ - ¦' *". ¦ , :
Miss Virginia Brissac eave a bright,
thoroughly intelligent and. correct reading
of the part of La Sirenetta,'; <and ' OIHe
Cooper, who does not make her I appear
ance until late in the last act, gave a
pretty representation of the child, Beata.
New Postmaster at Newman
WASHINGTON, Sept. 10.— The Presf
dent has appointed Nelson A. Thompson
postmaster at Neman. CaL
Notable Excursion to City of Mexico.
¦Wednesday, November 4, at 7 p. m., a mag
nificent train of Pullman vestibuled sleepers
and dining-car will leave Third and Townsend
street Depot, running through without change
or stop to the City of Mexico via the Coast
L.lne route. Round trip passage rate, $80.
Berth, meals and side trips extra.
Passengers will return from Mexico at pl«s
ure by regular trains with privilege of stop-over
at any point within the final limit of 60 days.
Excursionists can take the Santa Fe route from
El Paso if they desire to visit the Grand Can
yon of the Colorado, reached by side trip from
Williams.
Thla excursion to Mexico will be personally
conducted and managed under the auspices of
the Southern Pacific, Santa Fe and Mexican
Central. Literature and full details at 613
Market street. •
A stock of Indian corn uses up thirty
one pounds of water during its season.
The average condition at harvest of
winter and spring wheat combined was
74.7 against SO.O on September 1, 1902; 82.8
at the corresponding date in 1901, and a
ten-year average of 7S.3.
The following table shows for Califor
nia and Washington the condition on
September 1 of the last three years with
the ten-year average:
. — |
'.Sept.l, Sept. I, 1 Sept. 1. 10-year
STATES. l»O3. 1902. 1901. Ave.
California .... 76 78 91 82
Washington ••• '8 93 102 92
The average condition of the oat crop '
on September 1 was 75.7 against 79.5 on
August 1. 1303: £7.2 on September 1, 1902;
72.1 on the corresponding date In 1901 and
a ten-year average of 82.2.
The average condition of ry» on Sep
tember 1 was 84.1 against 87.2 one month
ago, 90.2 September 1, 1502; 84.9 at the
corresponding date In 1901 and a ten-year
average of S3. 5.
The average condition of buckwheat on
September 1 was 91.0 against 86 In 1902,
and a ten-year average of 84.4.
The average condition of flax on Sep
tember 1 was 80.5 against 86.2 July 1, 1903.
The average condition of potatoes on
September 1 was 64.3 against 83.1 on Sep
tember 1, 1502, and a ten-year average of
T6.0.
The average condition of tobacco on
September 1 was 83.4 against 82.9 one
month ago and 85.1 on July 1« 1903. j
This Congress declares that the time has
arrived when the hours of labor should be llm- •
Ited to eight hours per day in all trades and i
occupations in the United Kingdom, and that j
this be made a teat question at the next
Parliamentary. London Council and all muni
cipal elections, and instructs tho Parliamen
tary committee to introduce a bill into the
House of Commons with a view to getting the
eipht-hour law to become the law of the coun
try. %
LEICESTER. Eng., Sept 10.— The ;
Trades Union Congress to-day adopted by
a large majority the following resolution:
Trades Union Congress Will Ask
Parliament to Take Up Matter.
FAVORS AN EIGHT-HOUR DAY.
CRIPPLE CREEK, Colo., Sept. lO.-The
great compressor of the La Belle Power
Company at Goldfleld, furnishing light to
several towns of the district and com
pressed air to several mines, started In
motion this morning for the first time
since the -.trike was declared forcing air
into the Golden Cycle, Vindicator, Find
ley, Theresa and Christmas mines and
several of the smaller leases that recently
started operations. The shift that start
ed the machinery In motion was composed
entirely of new men, none of the old em
ployes having reported for duty. The
plant is completely surrounded by caval
ry and infantry.
VICTOR, Colo.. Sept. 10.— Michael Rog
ers, a miner living at Cameron, has dis
appeared and his cabin has been burned.
The fire is generally presumed to have
been of an incendiary origin. Rogers is
known by the authorities to have been the
only man who saw the assault on James
M. Stewart, the carpenter, ten days ago.
' The man iound dead near Clyde v/ith a
bullet hole in his body has been identified
as Patrick Burns, a . railroad laborer.
Whether he was murdered or accidentally
shot is undetermined, but It Is evident that
the shooting had no connection with the
strike or the presence of the military In
the camp. . .
C. E. Kennison, president of the District
Miners' Union No. 1, was struck in the
face and knocked down on a car this
morning by a non-union miner, who was
on his way to work after a heated argu
ment between the two men. Kennison
drew a revolver, but was disarmed before
he could shoot.
Kennison was arrested and placed In jail
this afternoon on a charge of carrying a
concealed weanon. ' H e said:
"I am guilty of the offense charged. 1
carried a weapon for the sole purpose of
'defending my life. The guards at the
Elisor mine said they would stretch me
up to an electric light pole. I was brutal
ly assaulted this morning and I drew a
revolver in defense of my life."
TELLURIDE. Colo., Sept. lO.-The situ
ation here is quiet. Fifty men left the
camp to-day, mostly for Colorado points.
All the Ophir properties are still working.
Manager Buckley of the Ophir Consoli
dated met a union committee and agreed
to the wage scale with the exception of
the clause compelling working three shifts
in certain cases. r~- orley proposed a
slight change satisfactory to the commit
tee but which must be ratified by the
union. A meeting of thj union has been
called for Saturday night for this purpose
when it is thought the above will be ap
proved. Manager Axtell of the Caribou
will also concede the wage scale asked
for and It Is thought tVese two properties
will therefore continue operations uninter
ruptedly.
WATERLOO. 111.. Sept. 10.— William
Hoffman, a young farmhand, living near
Mayestown, 111., twelve miles southeast
of Waterloo, called his father-in-law,. Dr.
W. M. Brandt, to the door of his house
last night and shot him to death. Then
he rode back to his wife and told her
that "he had killed the old hound," her
father; gave her $2, vehich ha said he
wanted her to spend on the christening
of their four-weeks-old daughter Alary;
kissed her. and .their four children, and
rode into the wooda.
"There are two men I must kill before
I kill myself," he said to his wife be
fore leaving. -*tV,
Tho family of Dr. Brandt offers a re
ward of $300 for Hoffman's capture.
Sheriff Thomas Rupp and a large posse
are searching for him and expect at any
time to haye a pitched battle with him.
He is armed with a. shotgun and re
volvers. Before killing his father-in-law
he purchased fifty rounds of cartridges
for the srun.
Hoffman is an unerring marksman,
strong, athletic and the officers believe
was driven to recklessness by whisky and
his imaginary troubles. It is supposed
that Hoffman killed his father-in-law be- ,
cause the old gentleman refused to In
crease his weekly allowance. Dr. Brandt
was Quite wealthy and had been practi
cally supporting his son-in-law and
family.
Winter and Spring Wheat Is
Considerably Be!ow Ten
Year Average.
These figures, as well as those on other
crops. Indicate the condition on Septem
ber 1 and no attempt is made to antici
pate the results from future weather
conditions.
WASHINGTON. Sept. M.-The monthly
report of the Bureau of Statistics of the
Department of Agriculture will show the
i-ondltion of corn on September 1 to have
been S0.1 as compared with 78.7 on Au-
Rust 1, 1&)3; M.I on September 1, 1902, and
11.7 at the corresponding date In 1301, and
a ten-year average of 79.3.
Two Telluride Operators O on
cede the Miners' Wage
Demand.
Rides Away.
Returns Home, Kisses His
Wife, and Babes and
Department of Agricul
ture Issues Monthly
Bulletin.
In Jail for . Drawing a
Revolver in Self- 1
Defense.
Young Farmhand Calls
Victim to Door and
Shoots Him.
REPORT SHOWS
CROP SHORTAGE
UNION LEADER
UNDER ARREST
KILLS FATHER
OF HIS SPOUSE
THE; SAN FRANCISC6 CALL, FRIDAY, SEPTEMBER 11, 1903.
Within a year the United States has
sold 253,983 pairs of shoes to British sub
jects. v; : ¦ £-£¦.)£
4
PBA&EBS I PBAGERS | PBAGEBS j PBAGEBS
I j||I§] Double the usual num-
I |§§||ber of Green Trading I
I 'jEj|] Stamps given on all cash I *
|lfl|| H sfSjii 1 purchases. . fj
I AN EXTRAORDINARY SHOPPING I
I OPPORTUNITY. v [
_- I First Anniversary Jubilee Sale. |
<j|^#'S$^in^ / 2P I Specials of the Newest, Fall Goods have been I .^S'tfSl^^ft^S
| U3 8»Sml. in every deportment of this store for this I Y^SSJST
' I I Pig shopping event : : ; ; ; : ; : . : ; || JL 1238M250 Market si«*«:
I I * AIAVAY^REUAjaLE ! 1
I W 1238-1250 MARKET STJ***"* %
AXflTEBTISEMENTS.
Special in Underwear
We are in a position to sell you underwear for less money
and show you a more complete assortment than any other store
on the Pacific Coast. And, furthermore, we are able to prove
our assertions through the merit of our merchandise.
We buy our stock direct from the manufacturers, and select
only such goods as we can guarantee for comfort and durability.
An inspection of our stock will convince any purchaser of
this fact.
To-day we place on sale twelve lines of goods that have
just been received. The usual price of such underwear is $1.00
and $1.25 a garment. The special price will be
85c a garment
The garments are elegantly trimmed and neatly finished.
They come in flat and form-fitting goods in lambs' wool, camels'
hair and merino. The colors are gray, tan, ecru, light blue, flesh,
black and vicuna.
Here is a splendid opportunity to lay in a supply of under-
wear. Don't miss it.
Out-of-town orders filled. Write us.
SNWOQD&ro
740 Market Street *
'. '.-..' ¦ ' ADVERTISEMENTS. .•¦l^vl I.
1 The ' ¦ - I I' have cured! I
I 11,000 victims I
l| clUCl excess knows the symp- j
H . ' . toms of Alcoholism and it j
H is unnecessary to dwell j
II • "\ human body and the dis-
n _i he MACnMC - „ M . . ease of Alcoholism is the '••
I r^_T| Mb MASONS OI Kansas, Missouri result. My treatment per- .
I and Oklahoma Territory warmly manently removes this
S l^ll i" d ° rSe tFeatment iOt the :
I "tpPSr" Liquor Habit and are constantly cohol has produced, it
I fea^t—^ sending me patients. I refer by restores the patient to }
I permission to memBers of Masonic Lbdge gg& A £tL & I
| N6. 99, A. F. & A.M., of Wichita, Kas'., and drinks after taking my fj
II Of Masonic Lodge No. 9,, A. F. & A. M., of treatment does so because • I
I! tvt * v ¦ 4. x *K A.* . he would rather be drunk l - H
I Newton, Kas. lam not a Mason, so their than sober, not because [|
fj . indorsement is entirely unprejudiced. he has any desire for P
l| liquor. I do not use # hypo- H
H . mm \ dermic injections. My |]
P ¥^fc* f? If /BTWiW^A treatment is the only safe \\
i/r. j. j. picfi\anna *aL£i™*™\:z.£. w
| ajj aii mi -i • ministered solely by its M
1 Address All Mail . • discoverer. p
I 14 Geary Street, San Francisco pR " J - J - McK *^ A j
H . Elegant accommodations for
II Telephone Main 1037 women; competent attend-
I! - , - , ants. - ~ = • s s "rBOSTON. Sept. 10. — At the closing session
of the National Wholesale Druggists' Associa
tion here to-day resolutions were adopted de
nouncing "cut rate" druggists.
Fear to Longer Work in Mine.
GEM, Idaho, Sept. 10.— All miners em
ployed at the Frisco mine, one of the
leading producers of the Coeur d'Alene
district, walked out to-day and the mine
is closed. The reason given by the men
is that they are afraid to work in the
mine because of explosions and earth
quakes. Some of tbe explosions are felt
in town and are taken by many for
earthquake shocks. Mining engineers say
the explosions are caused by cracking
rock and that there is no danger.
Reported Lack of Accommodations
for Members of Irrigation Con
gress Is Denied.
OGDEN, Utah, Sept. 10.— The following
telegram from Governor Pardee of Cali
fornia was received at the headquarters
of the National Irrigation Congress,
which convenes in this city next week:
SACRAMENTO. Cal.. Sept. 10.— Reported
hern that California delegates will be unable
to find good accommodations in Ogden. Is this
so? '
The committee having: the matter !n
charge emphatically denies that there will
bc any lack of good accommodations for
delegates and visitors, and the following
reply was sent to Governor Pardee: .
OGDEN, Utah. Sept. 10. — Report is wrong.
The citizens of Ogden will see that every dele-
Eate is made comfortable.
WILLIS T. BEARDSLET. Secretary.
OGDEN IS AJBI.E TO CARE
FOB ALL THE DELEGATES
LONDON. Sept. -10.— Beerbohm Tree magnifi
cently staged "Richard II" at His Majesty's
Theater to-night. Tree playing the role of
Richard and Lt!y Brayton the Queen.
Train Falls Through a Bridge.
ARDMORE, I. T., Sept. 10.— An engine
and fourteen cars went through a bridge
near Huco, on the Arkansas and Choc
taw roaM. killing four, of the crew. The
dead: . A. M. Hanna. C. L. Miller, fire
man; M. McCallln, engineer; J. T. Hill,
brakeman.
Noted Artist Dies Suddenly.
SWAMPSCOTT, Mass., Sept. 10.—Thom
as Sedgwick Steele, the artist, died sud
denly of heart failure to-day while taking
a carriage drive. Steele had been an in
valid several vcars.
I.IERDIDIA. Tucatan. Sept. 10. — According
to official statements to the Yucatan Govern
ment there were 128 cases of yellow fever m
this city during the month of August, of which
fifty proved fatal. '
The report from Washington to the ef;
feet that D. V. Richardson, General Su
perintendent of the postofflce at San Fran
cisco, has ' been indicted Is not positively
confirmed In advance of the Grand Jury's
report. There have been rumors for
weeks that he was Implicated. In fact It
was no secret that he had Invented a let
ter box device and his company had dealt
with the Government in their sale.
August W. Machen, one of the dismissed
ofnclals t now under indictment, sought to
connect' Congressman Loud of California
with the company's Interests, though It
was clearly shown to the satisfaction of
the postofflce officials that Loud's only in
terest was- an unselfish one and that Ire
had, as many.Congresmen are.Jn the hab
it of doing, sought to secure an early ad
justment of a claim of the letter box com
pany against the Postofflce Department.
A later dispatch from "Washington says:
"Dr. Eugene D. Scheble of Toledo, O.".
was one of, those Indicted with August W.
Machen in connection with contracts made
in 1301 for four years' supply of steel street
mall boxes. A man ln San Francisco
was another of those Indicted. The charge
against him was conspiracy, although de
tails cannot be ' learned here. United
States District . Attorney. Beach is . still
withholding the names of these indicted."
NEW YORK, Sept. 10.— At least one, if
not two, business men in this city who
have been identified with the sale of sup
plies to the Postoffice Department will be
placed under arrest to-morrow as a rer
sult of their indictment ln Washington in
connection with postoffice scandals. Two
postofflce Inspectors arrived In this city
at nine o'clock to-night, having come here
with certified copies of indictments found
by tho Grand Jury In Washington. The
inspectors had with them-.also warrants
that had been issued when the Grand
Jury (lied the bill.
These Inspectors had been preceded here
early In the day by Postoffice Inspectors
Whalen of San Francisco and Blrdseye
of Boston, who had been sent here from
Washington with a certified copy of the
Indictment against George W. Beavers
and others, ln which It Is alleged they
were charged with conspiracy. The in
spectors also had a warrant for Beavers'
arrest. ' Beavers will surrender to-day.
Postoffice Inspector A. E. IIolme3 of
Cincinnati, with Inspector McGee, has
been obtaining the evidence pertaining to
four-year contracts between the Govern
ment and tho International Time Record
ing Company (formerly Bundy's com
pany).
New York Advices Seem to Implicate
Superintendent Richardson.
REPORT GETS CONFIRMATION.
now on the rolls at 996,545. of which 725,
356 are soldiers and 267,180 are widows and
dependents.
Five of the pensioners are on the roll
on account of the war of the revolution,
1116 on account of the war of 1S12. 4734 on
account o* the Indian wars and 13,874 on
account of the Mexican war. •
The average annual value of each pen
sion Is now J133. The total annual value
of the Spanish war pension roll ha3
reached $1,763,310.
Present Roll Is Drawing Up Exceed
ingly Close to the Mil-
WASHINGTON, Sept. 10.— The annual
report of Commissioner of Pensions Ware
places the total number of pensioners
PENSION COMMISSIONER
MAKES ANNUAL REPORT
from various quarters that I have been a
heavy stockholder In the Postal Development
and Improvement Company. I have never seen
fit to deny them before, feeltng that the books
of the company would afford the best proof.
Hut now I will say that never, either directly
or indlrectlx. have I ever owned a cent's worth
of shares in that concern.
LOUD IS MYSTERIOUS.
When seen last night at his home at
1305 Octavia street ex-Congressman Eu
gene K". Loud spoke at some length upon
the subject of the recent investigation
Into the conduct of the business of the
San Francisco Postofflce. He said:
My position is a delicate one and does not
allow of my telling alt I know about affairs
both here and ln Washington. I was called
back to Washington some six months ago for
the especial purpose of giving my aid ln the
investigation of affairs ln San Francisco
which were then being carried on quietly.
Since my return I have been consulted by
some members of the Postal Development and
Improvement Company relative to the business
affaire of that concern, and so I am prac
tically occupying a dual role which does not
permit of my talking freely.
I can say. however, that I was present at
the Investigation held in Washington some
time ago which resulted in the secret investi
gation which was concluded here a month ago.
Whether or not the results of that investiga
tion or of the following one held here are of
such a nature as to oast Postmaster Montague
or his associates under . the cloud of suspicion,
I am not free to say. Personally, I have
heard of no indictment being promulgated by
the Federal Grand Jury against any person
connected with the local postofflce.
I knew that the Postofnce Department at
Washington Intended tending out Becret agents
to investigate the affairs of the San Fran
cisco office and I kno«r pretty well the tenor
of their report. Postmaster Montague knew
that they were here anfl knew their busings,
but of course does not know" the nature of
their report. For almost a year the San Fran
cisco office has been under surveillance by the
authorities.
By Innuendo the assertions have been made
I have never been ¦ president of the 1'ostal
Development and Improvement Company, nor
on it* board of directors. I have never at
tended a meeting of that board and do not
know tvhere its offices are. 1 have stock of
the concern in my name, but It does not be
longr to me. The invention ts a useful one and
dividends have been paid by the concern. I
do not know how many shares of stock I have.
If any one connected with the San Francisco
Postofflce has been indicted by the Federal
Grand Jury I do not know who it Is. The
inanufacture and sale of the attachment for
letter boxes showing the time for collection of
the next mall is a private enterprise, and if
any in the San Frinciseo Postofnce are inter
ested in the company it is in a commercial
een«e and entirely apart from their connection
with the rostofflce. I have no statement to
make ln regard to the reports concerning the.
affairs of the San Francisco rostofflce.
Mr. Montague is a very sick man. He
lay In his bed as he talked and was evi
dently suffering severe pain. The muscles
of his face contracted spasmodically as he
Epoke. His wife and niece. Miss Wright,
are in attendance. Mrs. Montague is
suffering much anxiety on account of her
husband's Illness and declared to The Call
representative that her husband only de
sired that the full truth should be known
in the present scandal concerning the San
Francisco Postoffice.
ment and Improvement Company has
been working a system of "graft" by
charging the Postoffice Department an
extortionate price for the contrivances
which they were furnishing to it exclu
sively is not a new one. The device,
which is one for displaying the next hour
of mail collection, devised as an attach
ment for mall boxes, was patented by
Superintendent Richardson. A company,
including Richardson and Montague, con
tracted with the Government to furnish
these attachments exclusively at the rate
of J4 25 apiece. The claim has been made
that the company has been making profits
of over 75 per cent on the deal. This has
been denied by Montague.
Postmaster Montague, who is lying ill
at his summer nomc in Agnews, mude the
following denial of the charges reported
to have been made against him and of
the statement that his resignation was
imminent. He said:
I thought of resigning from the position I
hold two years ago on account of ill health,
but I have not done so and the etatement that
I ¦would was not authorized by me.
I do not know why Mr. Richardson went
Bait if h« has corn?. I know nothins of his
whtreabouts. Th*re have been no irregulari
ties ln the Sa.n Francisco Po?tofflce. The af
fairs of th« office are all right. If there were
any irresrularttles t would know of them.
INTERESTS ONLY NOMINAL.
Buy your watches at.Lundy's, 4 Third
street and 752 Market street. •
POSTMASTER OF SAN FRAN
CISCO AND OFFICIAL IN THE
LOCAL OFFICE.
TL'OSON, Ariz., Sept. 10.— A prospector
arriving from Cochise bring3 the news of
a disastrous fire which swept the Pcabody
mining camp in the Dragoon Mountains
on Tuesday. The hoisting' plant and
works of the mining company, the bunk
houses, boarding houses, stores and near
ly everything Inflammable in' the camp
was destroyed. The mine was being
worked for gold and silver and the camp
v.as a prosperous one. The Inhabitants
of the camp had no facility to fight the
fire and were powerles against the flames.
Many had to flee to save their own lives.
Flames Destroy Mining Camp.
The new cooU book should be in every
home. Free for the asking. San Fran
cisco Gas and Electric Company. •
EXTORTION IS ALLEGED.
The charge that the Postal Devclop-
pue's resignation is to be demanded and
that Richardson has been Indicted by the
Federal Grand Jury for conspiring to rob
the Government.
i.oud, who was for several year? a ni"m- ;
t'cr and latterly chairman of rhe House I
< ommittcc on Postoffices end Postroads, '
intimates that at the preliminary invosti- !
pation in Washington which he v.-as called j
U attend sei-eral months ago. Postmaster (
W. XV. Montague and General Superin- I
tondent D. S. Richardson of the San i
Francisco office, as the chief stockholders
in the company which T.as supplying the
Government with patent letter boxes, had
their names before the board of Inquiry, j
Uut Loud denies the report that Monta- |
IN the course of the generaJ upheaval
of the Postoffice Department at
Washington incident upon the recent
scandals in the management of the
business of the department the local
office in San Francisco has come in for
iis share in the general purgative meas
ures. Yesterday ex-Conjrcsfman Eugene
P. Loud stated that special secret officers
of the department, under orders from
their superiors, had been la this city in-
I ostigating the general record of the of
fice and more particularly the connection
v.iiich some of its officers have with the
I'oslal Development and Improvement
• 'ompany. the San Francisco concern
which has been furnishing the Govern- j
ment with a patent appliance for mail '
boxes.
BKRL.IN, Sept. 10.— The Berlin court
before which the. suit for divorce was
brought some time ago by Count Minotti,
formerly cf the Italian diplomatic service,
against Agnea Sorma, the most noted ac
tress of the German stage, accusing her
of misconduct with Harry Walden. who
created the part of Prince Karl Helnze,
In "Old Heidelberg," has issued an order
pending the hearing of the case that the
Count shall have the custody of his 12
year-old son and has forbidden the
mother, who is still in the sanitarium,
where she was taken about four months
ago, to see the boy.
Agnes -Sorma was wealthy when she
married Count Minotti, but it is alleged
that he lost most of her fortune by gam
bling. It is Eaid that the actress will
never reappear on the stage, as her
health Is completely broken.
Count Minotti to Have Custody
Pending Trial of Divorce Suit
Against Agnes Sorma,
BEKI/IN COURT AWARDS
SON TO THE FATHER
Hundreds of vessels are running to
shelter, and it Is feared that t.iere will
be serious .casualties. Heavy floods are
reported from Wales and snow is falling
on the Grampian Hills, in Scotland. Sev
eral vecsels are reported ashore.
Excitement prevails at Dover in con
sequence cf the report that two wrecks
have occurred, one on the Goodwin Sands
and the other at Dunsrenness. -
At a late hour a lifeboat was seen ap
proaching- Dover with a shipwrecked crew
and an immense crowd is waiting for its
arrival.
All the telegraph systems were disor
ganized for several hours and communi
cation with Ireland and the United States
was interrupted. Enormous damage has
been done to property in the interior and
along the sea front, especially at the sea
side resorts.
LONDON, Sept. 10.— A terrific gale has
sprung up all over the United Kingdom.
Within ten hours the barometer fell one
Inch; the wind blew at a force of sev
enty miles an hour, and torrential rain
has fallen.
Heavy Floods Are Reported
in Wales and Snow
Falls in Scotland.
Enormous Damage Is
Done and Great Loss
of Life Is Feared.
BIG GALE VISITS
UNITED KINGDOM
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, SEPTEMBER 11, 1903.
Fact Is Developed That Secret Investigations
Into the Actions of Postmaster Montague and
Subordinate Have Been Made by Department
POSTOFFICE SCANDAL
REACHES TO THIS CITY
5
ADVEETISEMEOT3.
. jsfm. Vim. Vigor, Vitality for Me-:.
JE;lr*ek MORMON BISHOP 1 S P1I.I S
/Sfm qSPl have been ln use over fllty
£g5»P^»§A years by ths leaders of th«
fDjrgti! *-LTrt\ Mormon Church and their
K&£s3&S3&p4 followers. I'osltlvely curq tlv
KW@ r ''^lKM worst cases In old anrt yours
Mfml'ygj arising from effects of se'.i-
V^JS^yn^f abu?e. dissipation, excesses cr
cigarette er.rkinj. Cure Ls;
jBg53S&^ Manhood. Impotrncy. L~«:
¦ Power, Night Losses Ir»:ni-
nia. Fains in Back. Evil Desires. Lame Back.
Nervous i>ebility. Headache. Unfltness to Mar-
ry. Loss of bemen, m VarJcocele or Con-
stipation Step Xer O fJ vous Twitching cf
Eyelids. Effects are^Tr^ Immediate. Imi.arc
vigor ard rotency*- c " *•» to every function.
I>on't get despondent, a cure Is at hand. Re-
store small. und«v«loz>ed organs. Sttmulats
the brain and nerve centers; 50c a box: « for
$2 50 by mail. A written guarantee to care cr
money refunded with 6 boxes. Circulars fr»».
Address EISHOP REMEDY CO.. 40 Ellis »t..
San Franefsco. Cal. GRANT DRUO CO.. o3
and 40 Third st.
dvisrr DR. JORDAN'S great 6
OF AHATOHY^
\ Cf^ T hc '¦''Sett Anatomical Museum la ifee \
fl ijlj- 1 World. Wcaknessei or . my comiactci m
Z yxZCOT <J;$e»»e p««»U»«lye«r»v4Viytheolde.t f
Q igSJ Specniit on the Co*it Ej:. 36 years. Q
ii%£*\ D». JORDAN-OISEASES OF M£» 4
¦ Hjft^S Conmiltanon free »nd Kricrly priratr. v
I jK^lf H Trsitment personally or by le:ter. A m
fl fl> tft U femi—» Curmaercrf cssaoaderaitea. T
Pi Wtb Write for Book. FBH-OHOrBTf.f A
!i I' MARRIAGE. MAILSO FSSB. (Af
A o It **lu*t>le book for mm) \
V OB. JOCPl.N A CO. 1051 Market 8t. a P. 9
fl'^k^^
»3 mm*S7 A y-^k kp( m^ySi
q R fl S3 E&S3 timi Sh B B JL.13
3 3r II un fftv I j iCMl Cr fl K~
a Ot h ESI ft»*w t3 tsaC a% »n n
a IB u fSi lStC Eh BbSo Q b*3 H
TJDTTCIII7Q TOR BARBERS. »A-
Mjri M OlilliJj ker». bootblack., katn-
** *^ houses, billiard Ubles.
brewer*, bookbinder*, candy-maken. eaaner*.
dyers, flour mills, foundries, laundries. pape>-
hangers, printer*, painters. »noe factories.
•Ublemen. tar-rcofers. tanners, tailors, ate.
. BUCBASAB 2SOS, .
Srosb llajntf»ctur«xs, 6O9 S«crmjneato Si.
Al B JA fl jOk Ammunition. Hunting and
EgBlPklKB Sportln; Good*. Larjei:
Ball EU stock. Lowest prices. Sena
H « 1 lllll tor catalogue.
*J %# ¦ 11 %«V SHREVE <& PARBZK CO..
" ™ »U» MarkcaVt. and 311
Kearny sc
Weak Men and Women
SHOULD USE D.vfilANA BITTERS. THf;
Great Mexican Remedy: rtvea Iicaitli tod
«tnuU ta wiual css^na. XHaot. 223 M*r*«h
ADVERTISEMENTS.'
ffl/lghjs!? _. B : No woman's happj.
pure. The critical ordeal through which the expectant mother must
pass, however, is so fraught with dread, pain, suffering and danger,
that the very thought of it fills her with apprehension and horror-
There is no necessity for the reproduction of life to be either painful
or dangerous. The use of Mother's Friend so prepares the system for
the coming event that it is safely passed without any danger. This
great and wonderful
of women through . mmn
the trying crisis without suffering? M^" aat^a^ ¦¦¦ B
Send for free book containing Information 4$33I B^&13^THk MHpl
of priceless Talne to all ezpect&nt mothers. Em M ffif SlSS Bf MS BJm
The Bradfleld Regulator Co.. Atlanta, Ga. " ™* m '•^ m m SM^
THE EMPORIUM. j THE EMPORIUM. | THE EMPORIUM. j THEEMPORIUM.
$ Artistic^ and, dependable Furniture and Carpets — Admirers of the beautiful should inspect these stocks.
5 Webster's Dictionary special Sale Goods ordered by man Some Big Store
I Full Sheep $3.50 .£ui^*m*a be sent c a d. Toilef ArSfcie p rices
| xoocopicof Webster's Unabridged Dictionary-the cne Z^ J* f , # f « £c L^S^
i I 23 Tntl\ZT tUt ' StlC . S ,° f C CALIFORNIA* lAPnrgT. / ,.,., Z£**=r 5 C D * Um^ % S kin Soap, 3 for .... *%% '
tf word;bcu..dm ful sheep, at the very .pedal pnee 75c die Murray ft LarW, Florida W.Mr . . . 45o
*i ° • • • 93.5O "™ ¦lifting"" 1 " AMERICA'S GRANDEST STORE , sc iae "47W White Rose Transparent Soip.z for 25o "
I All-Overs 24c Yd Handkerchiefs We White Cambric 6hc \
jf Worth up to 50c The 3 for 50c kind and other big values
J Bought all Of- these beautiful lace A re«l linen hemstitched or lace edged handkerchief To-day only— *5°° J*** of good white cam- ¦
| all-OVerS that We COUld Secure at /or ten cents . It seem, aW incredible, doe S it not ? g% £ S^£^^ '
* the price. They are everyone But that is our offer to you for Friday and Saturday. ,tcadcf the usual price IOC. pcryard O4O 1
*i Of them neat patterns, in the We made an immense purchase to get them down to Hemstitched Pillow Cases 45x36 inches, nice ]
*; much wanted C:uny, Honiton and Battenbcrg this figure, but we are sure that you will fgree with w quality, worth 15c each; to~day ' ]
J* effects, suitable for waists, frontings and hat that it is the best handkerchief value ever presented by Ottfy //C ;
£ trimming*. The color, in this assortment this big store or any ether store. .' Fine Organdy-Fnlly 68 inches wide, for even- ,
»l , ,. . 6 ¦ mg wear, either plain white or colors;
J are white, e:ru and back; not a piece worth We repeat: Lidics' pure linen,full sizs hemstitched hand. a ioc value, per yard 35C \
$ less than 35c a yard, much of it worth. kerchiefs, or pure Jincn handkerchicfi with prerty Iacc White India Lmon — An end-of-the-season clean- '
«S qoc; to-dav only, ycur choice **jb jPB *r*. edges; Friday and Saturday only, i3 fftl^m. «P are values from l6^c to 20c a
I It. . . .' . . . . , . . &*S'G each . . . BUG yard; to-day only . . /Jc !
|S FaSi Miiiinery Mow Skirts and Suits I Cushion skeletons
$ t&tiSSb-gs* Wore More new Autumn fashions hive ar- a timmnrj n,.M«T, av •
*» 'i^V>£W.iTAi./-> n ni~... -i t ¦ 1 A 1 l • \ A thousand cushion tops and bacics,
I #fe*^8^^ c?^ rived— exclusive not only in styfb but in v ( . with tasseis on Jo**, oriental !
6 liM^'^^'^Qfi^ es price. Nowhere eise so much goodness )^\*/Li stripes in 20 different patterns of -:
i ble^tore-cr SO little money. heavy red Tapestry, all ready to put ]
1 thchtcta'nd New Pedestrian Skirts- Made of pretty fl iked miztares. /&$P\\ the cushions in~jast the thing for
2 T JJy . «r.os: effect- d.rlc or medium shades, side pleated around bottom; a §\ \\ \ \\\ couches and cozy corners, regularly J
5 J\V \Z ™ >: 7 in J MUinery ' at good 55.00 skirt, shown at the EmDO-ium i I VV, \l\ 35^ «ch, to-day and ;
tf «BST "raDstmoimteprca * or * &<> 4L*Z fa-i't LI \ Saturday, only. . . . 4m*+C i
g «Jf We have an exrensiv; lin= iOr n&&m*rO ft V&8&&M&r\ 7 .... ,
Ti V ot " trin . im:d a »V eai) - t0 - New Short SKirlsJS.OO-Hine medium weigh: chevioti in • iM&W } The DeHs3GZ*tior
g -- wear hats to £j£ Irom. gfc gfav and * cffccts> | 'gBfflfc/ fa* gfZSZSZS l
?' Re dv-to-wrar Hats mad; of camel's hair felt reatlv ..rann-H an^ , t ; r 1,-^ ™,,,rrr. ' t I \V*^ *Or LfCiOtjSI*
V and ««:««, trimmed in chenllebr.il, fin:,h d *V/ J""^"" and stlt ' h - d ' wortn nn b/ p // \\ The DsHncator.nd ButtericJc Patterns for 1
with wings and tttel ornam:ns . .$2.25, 50; ne.c .or 99'UV Sr\ If I \ October are now ready. The DeEneator )
1 i re "i vcd 1 Wn ff*SaSS£r*5*a3s 1
£ ready-to-wear h lt , in braver, trimmed with spicndld ane of b.acK Voile Dress Skim, trimm-d faU and winrer of 1903. Get . copy for }
6 large graceful knot cf li.Ic and wng$ .... ln «>.ds oi Pcau dc So:c, carrying a splendid tr.dri; .to^V^."! . I your guidance before yoa commence your fall 1
%' .."..... SSmBO and $6*50 one of the most graceful and dressy skirts llP^ \ and winter sewin B- The DeEnea*«» tortn ;
Hundrids of srylshlv trimmed rfress hat; of the season- bi» va'ue at th- §&( \ every department of interest in the home. It ,
f ranging in prce from $4.85 to $25.Oi) nr : r( . ' ' ° :. ff/t M \ contains good storiei, news from Pars and .«
jf a_ aMM _i_i_»a»MMa>Mai aM . B i_ MMna p««cc ij9 M I u it U jf? \ London, correct cooking advice, illustradons •
* Sate Of DStitttV Dozens Of NeiV Fall DreSSeS have Jf' \ of the latest creation* ia mSinery, md-rice in •
9s" M>*. «-t»» "^ , ' ' 7 r . \ dres» materialt and trimmingi, etc., etc. "<
| Pi 3iOW Shams JUSt arrived by express. j \ Ths Botterick Pattern Department ha. a com- j
tf BlireiSU SCQrfS One 0l thC SvilS for 518.50— I* made Of a very V. \ J P^te stoci of aU • ratterns adTertised h the \
$ 144 pair, fine Cambric H m. itchrd Pillow fine Scotch mixture— in the style shown in S2 Cr:Ck Ft3hi ° n PubIIcaticnJ ' ud ' m ' a «
V Shams-Some are stamped other, tinted -n picture. The skirt is pleated, nine.gore, even Subscriptions to the DeIineat O rreceiTe«! in 3
A very jretty floral d«.gn», the fcmd hat u»ua% i ength . Note the n:w and very styliih blouse fock coat with want line denned by a neat the Butterick Pattern Department- $ I oo
| w5§j£^ oV^^r 24g t; w X?" : " 5 ° Wi bc . chN? . for . th " c . su . it3 : wh ch $18.50 j
tf ;88 S-ampcd Momie Bureau Scarfs— s!zts i6x m m m-fl m 9 *% f^ "'
* S o inch;;, fringed ends, and stamped rea£y to my* ' p ' s^mmgJS 0 A «.««f if*^*T»#f»»»«^« %&§itr%§ US* Cf J£%2 & \
\ embroidr, regularly 35c each, on SVM&FB & &33SB O©VS fUrffOSniil&J JW««^ ,«r# D«,,o*
ft Mis Friday and Saturday only, «ch 23C _. ... — * m .«. . SVSBn'S BHU BOVS
v New Tinted pr.ov/To; S and Back* . .25c,' txtta valuss Friday and Saturday White Unfaundcrcd -
I New^um F e^n'%?f . T 3 c^ Last chance to get A large purchase from a reliable'maker \
J SUP 9, $t. BO to S2.OQ each G W $12.50 and $15.00 —a shirt bargain such as only the ',
S misses' anH J§^. , , ||j| for , f 9 : 50 , m-V wir^nd^ s to^ I
fc The new Fall and Wmttr Styles cf our extra %¦ ;M\\ S },'/./ .fif^4\A , c i. »*• j^ ply uni on linen bosoms, reinforced *
I value MW and Children's Sho:. are now U\.\ | If, f ;| and Scotch Mixtures, ? , z.50 and J 1 5.00 and fr ncck ; ;
*> rcadv. Either choice Via Kid or Box Calt IM\ !;! ,, ;: !«'/*;. V/;f iv| values, until closing time Saturday night ,„ , j • r • '
5 leather, and go-d solid oalc sole leather exten- Mf | \l0l\§ M $9 50 SCams, tnd Continuous facing •
g »on or fight weight s^lej, s-rin 5 hee«, dressy KW Mwmi\$<B$$k ' I* * Z ' U * "*•*¦* ***'"**' throughout, all Sizes Up to 18, 1
» enough for best shies, .tout enough for /Q^mlftNMl^lM Last Cnance XO get special Friday and Saturday 37o -
% school wear r ,; •. .. 'J^^S HAHH SSlt $17.50 and $20.00 Same as above in bovs' sizes.. 29c '
I f sS.&vjfcig Suits for $11.50 »¦«,'«» /
$ — — — nia liS'l IftwW Sing ' C ° r Doub^- B r«"ed Sack Suits-Just BilttCr S&i&
K -* * _. _ ||ij lh\ \\ \JBM fine fabrics in fancy effects or plain colors, MJRUur- 9pjBGBat9 ( i
% SsSpnO^i&i^SS^C w'iWl B W** t0 « * 2O - O ° valucs ' until c] °^ To-Day and Saturday )
K mo rfirf T^;,.» crv FrilVri FI,«,V tfSS!5^al' f'M*r'! 9 time Saturday night $ft.5O Beit Creamery Butter-That fine quaEry that 1
fc° pin tcp, fasteners, colors KJM fflj f | and medium colors, aU nicely tailored, very desirable cnl^ ~r%9** .
black, light blue, pink, cardinal and kj/ Wii h suits for fchool wear, special value at . . $2-95 Claret— Extra 4-yr. old Asti wine, gal. 37o \
X white, the regu'ar value for this , J'^ Boys' Eton, Russian Sailor B!ouso wTr^Siv^f"?^^'™ «"# n^ "
% quality is 50c per pair, Friday and ** Suits- A^ **# to 8 years, in al.-wo=l ser S «,and YeKSSiS^lTSS V wlfSf
5 s\ t ui S yif 5 q u a n P ti:y P onhandlLat Bi^l^^^^S^S^^M^sim HS^lW^
S a a price less than cotton xn *a „ **_ ¦ 0 -^ , -, • L .l- j • y •**«/** American Club or Kentucky special bourbons, I
i -^ii^c vii Lui.oii *pJ3—i Youths' SlSltS — Like picture, 14 to 20 years, the very nobb-es: designs, in tjr.cy chev- _. Uon J *o n A .
j\ webs, per pair j btJ> tweei> and wum^ s> ani blues and h]^ tp!cndidly ul]ored ...... $ 1Om QO Gt S ntva Gi n- Large boV,r:g. f i^bot g5O \
I ADVEBTISZMX2TXS.
Fan Francisco, Friday. 11 September, 190.1.
is now
And you get a mighty good folding bed for the
money. Not as elaborate as some we have, but
neatly finished and ' fitted with a thoroughly
comfortable woven wire. Built of elm, with oak
¦ panel front, finished golden brown. Twenty
dollars may be considered a low price for a good
folding bed, but you run no risk in buying this
one. Guaranteed to give perfect satisfaction, or
the money is yours again quick as a wink.
Better place your order to-day—^ve'll deliver the
bed when you are ready for it. .
(Successors to California Furniture Co.)
j 957 to 977 Market Street, San FranciscoOFFICIALS TVHO WILL. CONDUCT
AN INVESTIGATION HERE AND
HAWAIIAN COLLECTOR.
The situation appears in fact to have become some
what embarrassing to the farmers and they are now
asking an amendment to the game laws authorizing
farmers to kill deer that are destroying crops and in
juring orchards. The argument is that deer belong
to the woods; thaj it is right enough to protect them
OWING to the strict enforcement of the laws
for the protection of game in the various
States of New England those animals are
now becoming quite common not only in the wilds of
Maine and New Hampshire, but in States as far south
as Connecticut and Rhode Island. As there were no
wild deer in those two States when the laws went into
effect it is believed that those now seen so frequently
are the descendants of strays from private parks,
though there are some who hold that they have wan
dered down from the woods and mountains of North
ern New England.
The Hartford Times says that deer have become
so common in all parts of the State they attract little
or no attention and adds: "Naturally extremely
timid, the 'boldness/ if we may so term it, of the
Connecticut deer is remarkable. Illustrations of this
are of daily report; deer crossing a road close to
passing teams; coming into meadow lands near to
farm-houses; standing on the edge of woodlands
listening with evident curiosity to the whirr of the
mowing-machine, or even mingling with cows in the
pastures 'and paying little heed to the farmer's boy
when he conies to drive his animals home for the
milking. It would seem indeed that the deer are
coming to know that they have nothing to fear from
man, and if harm comes to them it will be from four
legged rather than biped creatures."
In Massachusetts it appears the increase of deer" has
Cone so far that in some localities they are looked
upon as a nuisance, and the Springfield Republican
notes '.hat a farmer in Berkshire County has made a
demand upon his township for reimbursement for
damage done to his crops by the animals. Comment
ing upon the case the Republican says: "The result
will be awaited with some interest, for it will appar
ently establish a precedent. If the town pays him for
his losses it will have to pay all other damages due
to similar causes. If it does not and the farmer has
to take his chances, then agriculture in that section
will have to face a new and somewhat serious handi
cap, because the deer are constantly appearing in
places where a few years ago they were only a mem
ory of prhniuve days. Even as far south as Connecti
cut complaints of ravages by these beautiful but irre
sponsible croatures are increasing. A farmer might
possibly escape with a slight penalty for shooting a
neighbor's cow for breaking into his preserves and
damaging his crops, but should he attempt to protect
himself in a similar way against the deer, to which
fences are mere playthings, no plea of extenuating
circumstances would be entertained."
DEER IN NEW ENGLAND.
A statement of the birth rate of the principal na
tions of Europe as compared with our own was
recently compiled by Mr. King, chief statistician for
vital statistics of the Census Office. The figures are
for the decade ending with the year 1900. They show
that the only countries having a smaller death rate
were Norway and Sweden, and those which had a
greater birth rate were Italy; and Austria-Hungary.
These same figures show that from June 1, 1890. until
May I, 1900, the average annual excess of births over
deaths in the United States was 17.7. per IOOO of popu
lation, while Prussia stood next in this respect, with
14.7 per 1000. Then came Holland, with 14 per 1000;
Norway, with 13.9: the German empire, with 13.7;
Denmark, with 12.6; Scotland, with 1 1.9, and England
and Wales, with 1 1.7 ;• ¦> < •
A CCORDING to the enumerators of the cen
/\ sus of 1900 there were born that year in the
*¦ *¦ United States 2,049,132 children, while the
total number of deaths was 1,039,094; so that the
census figures show 1,010,038 more births than deaths
for the census year. The figures are not regarded
as accurate by the census officials, because while reg
istrations of death are made with a very close ap
proximation of completeness, it is not so with births.
For the purpose of getting at a better estimate of
the birth rate of the country a system of calculation
has been adopted by the census experts, which is
thus stated: "The total population within the boun
daries of the United States in 1890 was 62,947,714, and
the natural increase in the decade following due to
excess of births over deaths was 12,315,361. The
average annual excess of births was 17.7 for every
1000 of the mean population. It is estimated that the
death rate of the country for the census year of 1900
was approximately 16.3 for every 1000 of the popula
tion. Assuming that it was about 18 for every 1000
in 1890, as estimated by the statistician of the eleventh
census, and taking the mean of these, or 17.4, as rep
resenting for this purpose the average annual death
rate for the decade, there must necessarily have been
an average annual birth rate of 35.1 for every 1000
of the mean population to produce the increase in
population actually enumerated."
If that calculation be correct our birth rate is
larger than that of any country in Europe with the
exceptions of Austria-Hungary and Italy The rate,
however, varies widely in one section of the Union
from that of another, and in a remarkable manner
when the birth rate of natives is compared with that
of immigrants. Thus the average rate of increase by
excess of births throughout the Union is estimated
to be in the case of native white parents. 19.5 per 1000
of population, while the increase was 36.5 for those
born of foreign .white parents. The extreme sectional
divergence is noted in the contrast between the
New England States and the Southern States; the
figures showing that in New England the annual
death-rate of children of native white parentage ex
ceeds the birth rate by 1.5 per 1000, while in the
South the excess of births of native white parents
was 24.1 per 1000.
THE AMERICAN BIRTH RATE.
-Special Information supplied dally to
business houses and public men by tha
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 230 Call.
fornia street. Telephone Main 1042. •
Towr.send's California glace fruits and
candies. 50c a pound. In artistic flre
etched boxes. A nice present for Eastern
friends. 715 Market St.. above Call bldg. •
Address Aids Deserving Charity.
A large gathering thronged St. Mary's
Cathedral last evening to hear Rev. John
W. Sullivan's address In aid of the Chil
dren's Day Homes. The subject of the
address was "The Attitude of the Church
on Marriage." The speaker Interested his
hearers from beginning to end. They
went to their homes edified and the de
serving charity received substantial bene
fit from the generous support given the
affair.
King Peter of Sejvia may consider the attempt to
assassinate him as one of the amenities of his new job.
Or he may accept conditions as he finds them and
go into the assassinating business on his own ac
count. This violent habit se'ems to be one of the
chief resources of the country.
That experience is no teacher is accepted as axiom
atic. The fact that a bucolic stranger to the city met
two men unknown to him, accompanied them and
was robbed by them in Golden Gate Park* a few days
ago will probably do somebody else some good.
MENACE TO NAVIGATION.
The ever-recurring fogs on the Califor
nia coast are a dread menace to naviga
tion, and much loss of life and property
has been due to the lack of facilities to
give, timely warning to navigators.
One of the most important matters that
It is claimed that when an examination
of baggage is made 2000 miles away from
the port where the articles are ultimately
to be landed, proper vigilance can not be
exercised and that it would be an easy
matter for smuggled goods to be landed
In San Francisco. It is further asserted
that the examination of baggage made at
Honolulu also works great hardship on
passengers when a customs officer in the
Islands insists on the payment of duty
when It should not be assessed. The offi
cials in San Francisco are more in touch
with the Board of Customs Appraisers of
New York, and owing to the volume of
business in. this port are more able to ad
just disputes readily.
Assistant Secretary Armstrong is also
empowered to Investigate the needs of the
Pacific Coast for a better protection to
Incoming and outgoing vessels;. It Is an
admitted .fact that the Pacific Coast has
far. less protection than the Atlantic
Coast in the matter of lightships, light
houses and warnings to mariners.
The customs officials of San Francisco
feel that they have not been treated with
proper consideration in the issuance of
the order which gives Collector Stackable
of Honolulu the authority to examine and
pass upon articles and personal effects
destined to be landed in San Francisco
from the Orient. While no reflections are
cast upon the customs officials stationed
in the Hawaiian Islands, the officials in
San Francisco feel that the door has
been opened to gross frauds upon the
Government.
Not only have passengers been annoyed
by the examination of baggage at Hono
lulu, but in many instances their lives
have been imperiled.
Collector Stackable, after boarding
steamships at Honolulu destined for
San Francisco, has examined the bag
gage and effects of passengers and then
placed the customs seals on all trunks
and packages. The property of the pas
sengers was removed from their custody
and not given back to them until after
their arrival at the dock in this city.
Unable to secure their belongings, men
and women and delicate children have
been compelled to travel in thin clothing
from the tropics to the lower temperature
of, the Pacific Coast, and many instances
are on record where serious complications
have ensued. / .
In addition to the inconvenience to in
coming passengers, the local customs of
ficials have been beset with many difficul
ties. Instances are known where baggage
containing dutiable articles was passed
by the inspectors at Honoluluj and when
a demand was made at San Francisco for
tho amount of duty the owners of the
goods would present certificates of exam
ination and permits to land the articles,
free of duty, issued at Honolulu. Collec
tor Stratton of the port of San Francisco
has sent a number of communications to
Secretary of the Treasury Shaw, drawing
the attention of the Washington official
to the existing condition of affairs, j
DOOR OPENED TO FRAUD.
PASSENGERS IN PERIL.
The main cause for the presence of As
sistant Secretary Armstrong and Collec
tor Stranahan of New York in San Fran
cisco is that some months ago Collector
Ernest R. Stackable of Honolulu obtained
an order from Secretary of the Treasury
Shaw that all baggage and effects of pas
sengers from the Orient destined to ar
rive in San Francisco should be examined
at Honolulu and not In this city. Collec
tor Stackable of Honolulu has not made
public his reasons for securing the order.
About ten days ago the order was tem
porarily suspended, but Collector Stark
able has filed a request that it again be
enforced and will personally urge his
plea before Assistant Secretary Arm
strong.
sengers arriving from the Orient are ex
amined by customs officials.
In addition to the investigation regard
ing the examination of baggage, the offi
cials will also go thoroughly Into the
question of the needs of California for an
improved system of lightships, beacons,
buoys and fog signals, a matter that has
been agitated before Congress for many
years.
There is not a single navigator entering
the bay of San Francisco who does not
feel that the protection to navigation is
The result was that the O'.ga piled upon
the beach and was only saved from total
destruction by the efforts of six powerful
tugs. Suits to the amount of $50,000 for
salvage were brought by the tug owners
against the owners of the steamship, but
this amount was cut down on the final
award.
CAUSES BIO'S WBECK.
Assistant Secretary Armstrong will Inves
tigate is the need for a second lightship
off the port of San Francisco." There is
but one lightship here, which is known as
"Lightship No. 70," which is moored
about three and a quarter miles outside,
of the bar, off the entrance to San Fran
cisco harbor and eleven miles from Fort
Point lighthouse and nine miles southeast
from Bonlta Point lighthouse.
During the month of April the lightship
is withdrawn from service for repairs and
during its absence its place is marked by
a gas buoy showing a fixed white light.
The slightest accident to the gas buoy,
which has ¦ ve.ry often dragged from its
moorings, leaves the entrance to the
Golden Gate absolutely unprotected.
The absence of the lightship from her
station on November 8, 1900, was the sole
cause of the Anstrain steamship Olga
going ashore two miles below the Cliff
House. The captain of the vessel was
seeking to steer by the lanterns on the
masts of the lightship and mistook the
lights of the Cliff House for those he ex
pected to find, owing to the lightship be
ing off her station for repairs.
Surveyor of the Port Spear and Deputy
Surveyor Chauncey St. John, who have
immediate charge of the customs official*
here and of the examination of baggage of
passengers, will also bo present at the
meetings with the Kastern officials. The
first gathering of the Federal officers will
take place this afternoon.
Colonel John P. Irish. Naval Officer of
the port of San Francisco, who has al
ways been interested in securing adequate
lightship and lighthouse facilities for the
Pacific Coast, will also be one of the offi
cials to take part in the investigation.
OFFICIALS WILL CONFER.
The' inveslffatio- will take place tn the
rooms of Collector of the Port Stratton In
the Custom-house. Collector Stratton will
not be able to be present at the meetings,
owing to illness, but he will be represent
ed by Acting Collector "W. B. Hamilton.
Collector Stackable of the port of Hono
lulu arrived in San Francisco a few <Jay3
ago accompanied by Deputy Collector
Ridgrway of Hllo. in order to testify before
Assistant Secretary Armstrong In the
matter of examination of baggage of pas
sengers at Honolulu.
A correspondent of the London Mail in reviewing
German progress says: "The marvelous expansion
of German trade — one of the notable achievements of
the nineteenth century — is often referred to as at
tributable wholly to the fostering effects of bounties,
but in real truth many factors have combined to pro
duce the remarkable result. * * * There can be
but little doubt that the growth of many immense
industries is traceable to the system of education that
has directed all the available powers of scientific
knowledge and research upon industrial problems."
The writer goes on to add: "In Germany the uni
versity has in a measure been displaced from its po
sition as crown of the educational edifice; or rather
the classical foundations now share their supremacy
with institutions of a more modern growth. The
universities still maintain their old high rank as
training schools in the humanities, but it is in the
technical high schools that keen business men with
sound scientific knowledge are to-day receiving their
training. * * * The technical high schools are
< sser.tially modern institutions. They date back no
•urtber than the nineteenth century, and their effec
tiveness is matter of the last generation. Established
as trade schools for the study of special subjects, they
have widened their operation until they stand to-day
for the application of scientific knowledge in all di
rections to the special requirements of commercial
industry."
Such being the progress of Germany in industrial
training, it is not strange that Sir Norman Lockyer
has dccmed*it advisablet to address the British As
sociation on "Brain Power in History" and pointed
the moral that Britain must increase her industrial
brain power or fall out of the race with her highly
trained rivals.
t— -jRNESTVL. HARRIS, commercial agent at
r- < Eibenstock,. contributes to the current number
A—' of Consular Reports a review oi the grd^vth and
present extent of industrial education and training
in Germany, which goes far to explain the success
the Germans have obtained in recent years in all
lines of industry and commerce. The Government
of the empire and that of the different states are
doing much to promote the technical excellence of
the German workman and to make him as fit for the
industrial struggle as the German soldier is for war.
Taking Saxony as a typical state of the empire,
Mr. Harris says it has 287 industrial schools, and as
the total population is but 4,202,216, there is there
fore one industrial school for every 14,641 people.
The schools are of various grades and kinds. There
are 12 known as "advanced industrial schools," 150
"special industrial schools," 32 industrial schools for
drawing and painting, 21 industrial schools for
women, girls and children, 44 "industrial, primary or
continuation schools," and 18 other industrial
schools connected with as many public schools of
the kingdom. The story of the progress of that kind
of training in Saxony is told by the simple statement
that while there are now all these varied schools in
operation, there were as late as 1882 only twenty-two
of them in the whole country.
Other German states are abreast of Saxony in the
march of industrial training. Thus in speaking of
.some of them the report of Mr. Harris says: "The
Government of Wurttemberg has done much to in
troduce and support new industries. It is the duty
of the Royal Bureau for Commerce to keep in close
touch with all industrial schools in Wurttemberg."
* * * "Industrial education in Baden is far ad
vanced. There is a school in almost every city and
village between Heidelberg and the Lake of Con
stance. Fully 20.000 apprentice? are learning how to
make clocks, cotton, woolen and silk goods." * ? ?
"Hessen can boast of the fact that there is not a
single village, no matter how small, that has not an
industrial school of some kind." * * * "Bavaria
is also well supplied with industrial schools." * * *
"The Prussian state railways have also established
industrial schools."'
Thus the report goes on outlining the extent to
which the Governments of the various parts of the
empire provide for the instruction of the people in
useful arts and industries. The progress thus made
has attracted the attention of the British, who see in
the schools an explanation of Germany's sudden rise
as a competitor of British workmen, not only in the
general markets of the world, but in the markets of
Great Britain herself.
GERMAN TRAINING {SCHOOLS.
FRIDAY....* SEPTEMBER 11. I9°3
JOHN a SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
Utrtit All Communications to W. S. LEAKE. Manager.
TELEPHONE.
A*k for THE CALL. The Operator Will Connect
You With the Department You Wish.
PCBLICATIOX OFFICE...Market »n* TTilrd* S. V.
UUITOniAL BOOMS 21T to 221 Steve»»©» St.
Delivered by Carriers, 20 Cts. Per Week, 75 Cts.
Per Month. Single Copies 5 Cents.
Term* by Mall. Including Fo«t«e (Cash With OrdertS
DAILY CALL (including- Sunday), one year
DAJLT CALL Onclu<*ln» Sunday;. « month* 4O °
DAILY CAI-L— Bjr Blnjjle Month r5 «
fUNDAT CALL, Os» Tear Z- 5 "
WEEKLY CALL. On« Year *-'°°
f Dally... #8.80 Per Year Extra
rftRTIGW POCTAGB i Bunday.. 4.15 Per Tear Extr»
I Weekly.. l.OO Per Year Extra
All Fostma«ler« are ncthorlsed to receire
nabscrfptlona.
Etxcpl* eople» will be forwarded when requeued.
Vail eubecrtbere In ordering change of address ehould b«
particular to give both NEW AND OLD ADDRESS In order
to lscure a prompt and correct compliance with their request.
OAKLAND OFFICE.
1118 Broadway Telephone Main 1OS3
. . BEHKELEY OFFICE.
S148 Center Street Telephone Tforth 77
C. GEORGE KROGXESS, Manager Foreljrn Adver
.Ulnji, Marqnette Building:, Chicago.
<Lcnf Pittance Telephone "Central 2618.")
WASHINGTON CORRESPONDENT:
SIORTOX E. CIIAX12 14OG G Street, If. W.
NEW YORK REPRESENTATIVE:
BTEPHEX B. SMITH 3O Tribune Building
NEW YORK CORRESPONDENT:
C. C CABLTOS Herald Sqnare
« "
NEW YORK NEWS STANDS:
Waldorf -Aetorla Hotel; A. Brentano. 31 Union Square;
Murray H1U Hotel; FUth-av«iu« Hotel and Hoffman House.
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
Efcenr.an House; P. O. Sewi Co.; Great Northern Hotel;
Trercont House; Auditorium Hotel; Palmer House.
nit A "VClI OFFICES— C2" Montgomery, corner of Clay, opea
until 9:80 o'clock. 300 Hayes, open until 9:30 o'clock. 633
McAllister, open until 9tS0 o'clock. 615 Larkln. open until
b:SO o'clock. 1941 Mission, open until 10 o'clock. 2261
Market, ccrner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock. 10SMJ Va
lencia, open until 9 o'clock. 106 Eleventh, open until 9
o'clock. NE. corner Church and Duncan streets, open
until 8 o'clock. KW, corner Twenty-second and Kentucky,
open until I 1 o'clock. i*£00 Fillmore. open until 9 o'clock.
DURING the time of the yacht races at Sandy
Hook the efforts of a wireless telegraph
company to report the races were baffled by
a competing company, which, according to New
York reports, interjected into the dispatches a lot of
odd bits of poetry interspersed with ribald jests.
The demonstration appears to have made it certain
that as wireless telegraphy is now used it cannot be
safeguarded against wanton or malicious interruption
cf that kind, and very naturally the affair has given
rise to a «ood deal of discussion.
As the law protects every man in the enjoyment of
his property, it is clear that if an interruption of a
wireless telegraph service could be proven to have
been committed intentionally the court would doubt
less give damages to the injured party. There would
be, however, a great deal of difficulty in proving an
intenrional interruption and tracing it to any par
ticular individual. Hence the necessity for so improv
ing the system that the waves transmitting the mes
sage may be made practically safe from disturbance
by any other set of waves.
The case is put very clearly by the New York
Press in this way: '"Proof is yet wanting that the
threat of the German company to destroy the useful
ness of Marconi's transatlantic service by erecting a
wireless pole on the shores of the North Sea was a
vain one. When a man sends a message, 'Will be
home at 8 o'clock,' he does not want to have a rival
wireless company interject into it a few lines from
'We won't go home till morning,' or to have a 'wire
less' engaging rooms at the Savoy, London, caught
on the fly by a malicious German and changed into
a tirade of abuse against the proprietor of the hotel.
The horrid possibilities of wireless interference are
so appalling that before the system can come into
popular use the inventors must convince the public
that they have securely provided against it s "
At the recent international wireless telegraph con
ference at Berlin efforts were made to adopt regula
tions covering that and other points of interest in
the new enterprise, but it docs not appear that the
agreements will be of much use in that particular.
The utmost that could be done was the adoption of
an article providing that wireless telegraph stations
must be so organized as not to interfere with the
service of other stations. The agreements, however,
will be of no effect unless the various governments
of the earth enact laws to enforce it. Even in that
case there would be trouble, for were a telegraph
service operating in one country to be interfered with
by a company operating in another country the ques
tion as to which of the countries should have juris
diction in the case might be embarrassing. In short,
the best thing the rival companies can do is to set
their experimenters to work devising a system that
cannot be interrupted, and whose messages will not
require the guardianship of statutes and courts.
WIRELESS TELEGRAPH TROUBLES
Official reports from China announce that the Em
press Dowag'cr, the virtual and autocratic ruler of
the empire, cannot live more than a year. If prece
dent in her case counts, though, what a merry mess
of things Mongolian she can make before she dies.
6. For $1,647,000 for new public library facilities.
This is unnecessary and should not be voted. The
excuse for building the new Hall of Justice, oppo
site Portsmouth square, was to vacate room ia- the
City Hall for the public library. This promise, car
ried out, renders unnecessary the going into debt
for more library facilities.
7. For $741,000 for a public park to be used as a
children's playground. The proposition is indefinite.
No location is named. All parks are playgrounds
for children, and within them may be specific reser
vations for that purpose. This proposition may be
voted down without any injury to the city.
8. For $330,000 for a northerly extension of Golden
Gate Park, to connect with the Presidio reservation.
This is an exceedingly beneficial extension of our
great park and should be adopted.
9. 10, ir, 12. are for bonds, aggregating $1,254,000,
for parks on Telegraph Hill, Twin Peaks, St. Mary's
square and the Mission. The acquisition of land for
parks in a great and growing city is always praise
worthy and to be commended. The sites proposed are
so distributed as to put these places of health and re
creation within convenient resort of a majority of our
people, and when finished they will beautify the city
and conserve health and morals.
The last and separate proposition is for a bonded
debt, a lien on the whole city and county, to furnish
capital at the expense of all the taxpayers, to build a
railroad for the use of those only who patronize the
Geary-street road. It is vicious in principle and
should be voted down. If the city want to go into
the street railroad business for the benefit of a small
minority of the taxpayers the plant should bear all the
burden of the bonds. The praiseworthy purpose of
the several bond issues will cost the taxpayers about
$40,000,000 by the time the bonds are paid, and they
should not be burdened with unnecessary and experi
mental and unbusinesslike expenditures.
5. For $697,000 for a new County Jail. The old
building en Broadway is a disgrace to the city. There
are country counties in the State that have better
quarters for the safe-keeping of prisoners. . The old
jail cannot be adapted to the demands upon it, and
the safety of the community, as well as common hu
manity, demand a new jail.
4. For $1,621,000 for repair and improvement oi
accepted streets. Is a necessary purpose. The streets
are originally paved at the expense of abutting prop
erty, and when accepted should be kept in a state
of efficiency by the city.
2. For $7,250,000 for a new sewer 6ystem for the
city. The rapid. growth of the city has compelled
connections with the main sewers their con
fluents requiring a capacity not provided for in their
original construction. . The result is the overtaxing of
the drainage, and the overflow of storm water re
sults, often inflicting great damage to property.
The incapacity of the drainage is a menace to public
health, and this bond issue to make the sewer sys
tem equal to present and future demands, upon it
should be adopted.
3. For $3,595,000 for improvement of existing and
construction of new schoolhouses. Should be sup
ported, the only criticism of it being its probable in
sufficiency for the highly necessary purpose to which
it is devoted.
THE people of San Francisco are called upon to
vote to bond the city for the following pur
poses and in the following amounts, the prop
ositions being numbered consecutively on the official
ballot:
i. For $1,000,000 for a new City and County Hos
pital. This is a very necessary and praiseworthy pur
pose and the issue should be supported.
so long as they stay in the woods, but when they,
come down into the farm lands they should be dealt
with as a nuisance. It is impossible that a given
area of country should be at once a farming district
and a deer park, and as one of the two must go the
farmers purpose to drive the deer back to the wilds
or else get the township and county governments to
pay for the damage they do.
THE CITY BONDS.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, SEPTEMBER 11, 1903.
PROTESTS OF PASSENGERS
FROM ORIENT TO BE HEARD
entlrely Inadequate and the awful low of
life which followed the wreck of the Rio
de Janeiro on February 22. 1001. was main
ly due to the lack of proper warnings.
Assistant Secretary Armstrong and Col
lector Stranahan of New York have
crossed the continent in the private car
of Hamilton Fish, tne son of President
Fish of the Illinois Central Railroad Com
pany, whose guests they are.
the Port of New York, will ar
rive in this city this morning for the pur
pose of h&ldlng an investigation as to the
complaints recently made of the manner
in which the baggage and effects of pas-
Tp^y OBERTMBARNS ARMSTRONG,
1)/ First Assistant Secretary of the
T*ST Treasury, accompanied by Ne-
vada N. Stranahan, Collector of
6
New Pope's Sister Prophesies Evil j
=zior His Holiness.^^^ j
,* j* j* & J* . j
"Oh, what a misfortune! My poor Beppo, who so loved a comfort- i
able chat! Who knows what misery he will go through in that prison I
there in Rome? ~ J
These, were the words, said with tears and real grief, with which *
Maria, sister of Pius X. received the news that he had been made Pope, i
and they epitomize the feeling of the family about this elevation of their ?
"Beppo" to one of the most powerful positions on earth. {
Of course it is not an unusual circumstance, that in all times and *
all ages evil prophecies of dire disaster to come have been heaped \
upon the heads of those who have won greatness, but in this instance <
the above incident, with much more that has followed since then, has £
electrified and well nigh appalled many of those who arc in a position C
to know the condition of affairs at the Vatican. C
Indeed, it is extraordinary when one's own family prophesy evil <
where only good can be. but yet, strange as it may seem, not only the ?
sister of the new Pope, but her brother and marry of the other mem- i
bers of the family besides have given utterance to words that have <
added vastly to the mystery of the misery and growing unhappiness that -
is said to be settling heavily upon His Holiness. Strangest of all, they i
speak authoritatively, without malice, but in deepest compassion*, and '<
their words are being given credence far and wide, more particularly as *
Pius X has been adding equally strange confirmation. ;1i
He speaks continuously of the many things in his life that he had '<•
treasured that are now gone from him forever, and in this way the *
boyhood, the early manhood, the later ambition, the inner life of His \
Holiness is brought forth more dramatically than it could be in any I
other way. That is how Mr. I. Cochrane has been able to write the I
remarkable article for the next Sunday Call, which, with the pictures ?
from Rome, occupies a full page. It is the most valuable article about K
the new Pope that has yet been secured anywhere. " Z
Indeed, it is just such features as the above that ha3 given journal- £
istic excellence to the Sunday Call's Magazine Section, which is already £
far in the lead in a literary way. It is no idle bdast. or boast at all £
to say that no other paper in America can offer so much of eenuine c
merit and fascinating interest. ?
For instance, next Sunday you will get the fourth and last install- £
ment of "Brewster's Millions." one of the most powerful American £
novels of the day; a complete short story. "The Little God and Dickey" S
by Josephine Dodge Daskam. the most famous woman writer in Ameri- ?
ca to-day; another complete short story. "A Question of Service" bv c
Edith Wyatt; two full pages of "Half-Hour Storiettes." the latest and £
most popular development fn high-class literature; the "Me-ows of a £
Kitty," a brilliant symposium of wit and wisdom. by'Kate Thvson Marr r
Oust watch fcr those cat pictures.) "The Oracle of Mulberry Center '* <
by S. E. Kiser: "Fables for the Foolish." by Nicholas Nemo- "Unrf^ <
the Wheeling Stars." by Martha McCnllouch Williams: "The EtiauetS ?
of n Bachelor Girl." bv Madee Moore; "The Wonderful Kinzdom «« 2.
Wonderful Things." by Ben McCutchen. the famous artist and corr* £
spondent: the very latest in wedding stationery and— but why enumer" 1
nte any more? You are sure to read them all for yourself in the ««?»? f
Sunday Call. JA flrst-cla«« lunch and auick service for
25 cents at Tha Noble Cafe. 209 Pine street,
between Sansome and Battery. . •
Ferry for Charter.
Select parties or excursions desiring boat for
bay trips, either day or evening, may ne , ot .
ate with the North Shore R. R., for one of th«.
fast and commodious steamers; Tamalnaiii
Cazadero or Sausallto. Inquire at ticket nffl«!!'
6:~ Market street. ""ice,
Must Pay for Medical Services.
Dr. "John H. Healey in his Buit against
T. G. Gruenhagen was awarded $275 yes
terday in Judge Graham's court. The
'suit was brought to recover a- bill for
medical services rendered to the defend
ant's wife.
Of Interest to Every Citizen.
The colonist rates, via Southern .Pacific,
mean much to California if your co-operation is
secured.-' Write to your friends. Rates begin
SeDtember 13. •
The purpose of McCormlck's trip was to
acquaint himself with the wonders of the
canyon and to determine Just what may
be done toward making it a popular place
for tourists to visit. Leaving the South
ern Pacific Company's line at Sanger the
party was conveyed to Millwood by stage
and from there to the center of the can
yan they traveled on horseback, camping
along the route and minutely noting
everything worthy of being seen. Even
tually proceeding on their journey the
party climbed over the Sierras and finally
reached Independence, where they board
ed the Carson and Colorado train and vis
ited Carson. Virginia City and Lake Ta
hoe. Discussing his trip yesterday Mr.
McCormick said:
~' I am satisfied that Kings River Canyon,
with the" grandeur of its natural scenery,
which in many respects surpasses that of ro
aemlte Valley' will become the great play
ground of the world, and hot many years hence
either From the result* of my own experi
ences ' in* the canyon and with what I havo
learned from , Prof e»sor Le Conte. who is as
familiar with every nook and small stream in
the wonderful place as one would be with the
interior sections of his own house. I am cer
tain that a targe proportion of the westbound
travelers every year can be pursuaded to make
the trio I Game and flsh abound in the can
yon and the climate is invltlnK until
the latter part -of this month, when the
snows are encountered. We have figured that
we will be able to carry a passenger from San
Francisco to the canyon by way of Sanger
and the other points we passed and out on the
other Bide over the Sierras, thence to Lake Ta
hoe and from there back to this | city, in
twelve dayB, furnishing: him all necessary ac
commodations during the trip, for a sum not
over S72 I purpose to make the experiment
next season and feel confident that It will
prove successful.
While In Virginia City McCormick and
his companions enjoyed a ride down the
shaft of the California and Consolidated
Virginia and were shown about several of
the other mining properties that contrib
uted so greatly to the wealth of many
Californlans. ¦ V ;' 4
Passenger Traffic Manager E. O. Mc-
Cormick of the Southern Pacific Company
returned yesterday from a trip through
the Kings River Canyon on which he waa
accompanied by Mr. Horsburgh, assistant
passenger agent of the company, Frank
Seaman, the well-known Eastern adver
tising agent, and Professor Joseph L«
Conte, who has the distinction of being
the best informed man in that section of
the State and the only one who has ever
been able to furnish a comprehensive map
of the Interesting country.
E. O. McCormick and
Party Back Prom Visit
to Kings River.
VIEW GRANDEUR
OF THE CANYON
Chief Deputy Vogelsang of the Fish
Commission announces that the open sea
son for the taking of salmon closed last
night. He states that violators of this
section of the came laws will be prose
cuted with especial vigor.
Salmon Season Ends.
United States District Judge de Haven
yesterday sentenced Thomas Pinzon to pay
a fine cf $50 and O>tx? imprisoned until the
fine shall be paid. Plazon waa convicted
of having smuggled S00 Mexican cigars on
June 17.
Smuggler Pinzon Sentenced.
Albert Gallatin commenced suit In the
Superior Court yesterday against James
Treadwell and John Treadwell to recover
the sum of $14,120 and costa. The plain
tiff claims that on September 10, 1901, he
was the owner of 300 shares of the Sac
ramento Electric Gas and Railway Com
pany, worth $41 80 per share. The certi
ficates of the stock stood in the name of
Joshua Barker and were indorsed bv him
in blank. oy mm
Plaintiff claims he was entitled to that
stock. He further alleges that on the
date in question the defendants, beinir
jointly In possession of said certificates
unlawfully converted them to their own
use and disposed of them to plaintiffs
damage to the extent of $12,540.
The plaintiff claims he has been dam
aged to the extent of a further sum of
$1080, and has also been put to the ex
pense of ' $500 in trying to reclaim his
stock or the value thereof.
At the end of the hotly contested legal
Joust Judge Sloss announced that he
would probably have his ruling on the
amendment ready by Saturday mqrnin>r
and that the taking of testimony will be
commenced at the morning eession on
Monday.
WANTS TO EECOVER VALUE
OF RAILROAD SHARES
Albert Gallatin Sues James and John
Treadwell for Large Sum Al
. leged to Be Due Him.
Then Attorney Albert Johnson closed
the argument over the amendment by
fringing to bear tho cumulative weight of
court decisions from California to Wiscon
sin. Attorney Dunne did not specify in
his amendment what time elapsed be
tween the moment when Beale's angry
passions were first aroused and when he
and Williams went to demand a retrac
tion from the editor, and Johnson vehe
mently declared that sufficient "cooling
time" had elapsed between the two criti
cal moments for the ruffled tempers of
Beale and Williams to regain their nor
mal temperatures, and that consequently
the assault was premeditated and beyond
the pale of palliation by mitigating cir
cumstances. He furthermore character
ized the mooted amendment as uncertain
Indefinite and ambiguous. * '
when the case was resumed yesterday
morning. By citing the decisions of the
Supreme Court of N>w York and other
authorities he attempted to demonstrate
tuat ( .n the case of an assault like that
made by Beale and Williams upon Mar
riott, where great provocation undoubt
edly existed, the plaintiff had trans
gressed the law in that he had given juat
cause for the assault by his scandalous
article and- that he should be punished
with the perpetrators of the deed by be
ing denied anything save compensatory
damages. Evident mitigation of their of
fense, claimed Dunne, could be recognized
by legal precedent.
recover $100,000 damages for an
assault committed by them on September
3. 1902, partook yesterday of the nature of
a legal duel between the attorneys repre
senting the prosecution and the defense.
The whole day's proceedings were occu
pied by lengthy arguments by Attorney
Peter F. Dunne, representing Beale and
Williams, and a comprehensive rebuttal
on the part of Attorney Albert Johnson
on behalf of Kdltor Marriott, his client.
When the trial opened on Tuesday
Dunne sought to introduce as an amend
ment to the answer of the defense clauses
calculated to demonstrate that in their
attack upon Marriott, Beale and Williams
had ample provocation in the form of the
alleged scandalous article in the News
Letter against the former's fiancee, and
thereby allowing of a plea of mitigating
circumstances on behalf of his clients. To
this, Hiram and Albert Johnson, the at
torneys for the plaintiff, submitted a de
murrer, Albert Johnson occupying the
whole of Tuesday afternoon in submitting
to Judge Sloss legal precedents to show
why the amendment should not be ac
cepted.
Attorney Dunne took up the battle
THE second day's proceedings in
the civil suit Instituted by Fred
Marriott against Truxtun Beale
and Thomas H. Williams, to
We aUo wish to ask that our masters and
others having dealings with the bridge shall
not be abused by the tenders, and that the
bridge crew shall do business on the bridge and
not in the sa!'X>ns. Yours truly.
A. P. LORENTZEN.
The above represents the case of masters,
owners and parties using the channel. We ln-
Fif«t upon our right to use It, and no matter
who are the owners of that hridge it will have
to open when we want to pars. The channel
is navigable an«i was there before the bridge.
If the present owners will not operate it
properly, by sober men, we shall most certain
ly apit-al to those who control the navigable
waters cf this State.
The schooner Queen was west of the bridge
and empty, to come out at 9 a. m. ; the tug J.
: H. Redmond was east of the bridge, to come
I through to take Queen In tow. At about 10
a. m. Captain Hfnrlcksen of the Queen report
ed to me that the bridge tender had refused to
open the bridge and had gone away. We were
then at Herry-Btreet wharf and walked directly
to the bridge, where we met Captain Johnson
| cf the tug J. H, Redmond, who reported that
j he had been abused by the bridge -tender when
j he asked to have the bridge opened.
I Together we mounted the stairs on the
¦ bridge, entered the engine-room and found the
' piece entirely deserted. Securing a sheet of
i paper, we made the following note:
Sept. 9, lo:15 a. m.-Xo one in charge of
j Fourth-street bridge. Steam gauge shows for
, ty-flve pounds: water In glass a small third.
I Vessel* want to i.ass. Tender has now been
I away forty minutes."
• This was signed by A. C. Johnson, master
• tug J. H. Kedmond; II. Henrlcksen, master
schooner Queen; A. P. Lorentzen. manager
: schooner Queen; John Nelson, master steamer
j North F*crk.
A man then appeared who said if we ever
: came up on the bridge again he would throw
us down. He said he was a "down below
! man," meaning that he attended to the south
j end of the bridge, and that the bridge would
! not be opened, at least not before 1 p. m., and
} further, that we might all betake ourselves to
a place generally supposed to be hot.
Meanwhile, this man. with others, paid sev
"j.il visits to saloons In the neighborhood, and
the number of vessels wanting to oome
through Increased, the steamers blowing their
¦ whiftles continually.
About 11 a. m. the bridge opened and the
• Queen at last passed through, after waiting
! fu!l two hours, with plenty of water in the
; channel all the while.
The Indifference and unbusinesslike
xrethods that prevail at the Fourth-street
drawbridge have long been a source of
complaint on the part of ship owners and
mariners and the conditions seem to be
growing worse instead of improving.
The bridge tenders, it is said. ara not
only negligent, but insolent, and shipping
men are talking of appealing to the pro
per authorities to remedy the existing
nuisance. The following letter explains
itself:
SAN FRANCISCO. Sept. 9. 1903.
To the Editor of Tha Call: I am the man
aging owntr of the schooner Queen and one
of those delayed at the Fourth-atreet bridge
yesterday. We were told that the bridge la
owned by Michael Casey, which may or may
not be true, but if you will publish the rol
lowinR facts it will no doubf* reach the proper
person:
Charges Tenders With Spend
ing Their Time in Adja
cent Saloons.
A. P. Lorentzen Com
plains That His Ves
sel Was Delayed.
DOES CASH 01
THE DRAWBRIDGE?
THE SAN FRAISTCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, SEPTEMBER 11, 1903.
Efforts of Attorney Peter F. Dunne to Amend Answer
to Complaint Result in Lively Tilt Between
Himself and Albert Johnson, for the Plaintiff
SHARP LEGAL BATTLE
MARKS MARRIOTT SUIT
OPPOSING ATTORNEYS IN THE SUIT FOR $100,000 DAMAGES BROUGHT
• BY FREDERICK MARRIOTT AGAINST THOMAS H. WILLIAMS AND
TRUXTUN BEALE, AND JUDGE WHO IS TRYING THE CASE.
7
NEW ADVERTISEMENTS.
GEORGE WASHINGTON'S QUEUE.
It Hid a Luxuriant Suit of Straight
and Very Dark Hair.
Thp Father of his Country concealed a
luxuriant suit of hair beneath his queue
wip. Many now wish the old fashion
were In vofcue, to conceal th. ed hair or
baldness. Yet no one need have thin hair
nor he bald if he euro the dandruff that
causes both. Dandruff can not bo cured
by scouring 1 tho scalp, because it Is a
gerra disease, and the perm has to be
Killed. Newbro's Herpicide kills the
dandruff- Rerm— no other hair preparation
I will. "Destroy the cause, you remove
i the effect." There's no cure for dand-
ruff but to kill the germ. Sold by lead-
, ing druggists. Send 10c in stamps for
; sample to The Herpicide Co.. Detroit.
j Mich.
CASTOR I A
Tor Infants and Children.
He Kind You Have Always Bought
Bears the // y /^w,'
• Signature of L^icz-^yY /'&&/U/l{
j "*
' AMUSEMENTS.
A T iO A A TTl Be:»8co & Mayer.
ALCAZAR %&%&
0 Gen. M K r.
THIS WEEK— MAT. TO-MORROW.
Florence Roberts
Who Has Made Her Greatest Success In
THE UNWELCOME MRS. HATCH.
Evenings. 25c to 75c; Sat. Mat.. 15c to 00a
Every Thursday — Matinee.
D'Annunzlo's Famous Play,
GIOGOIND/\
When NIpht Prices Will Prevail
FOtJVENIR ART PROGRAMMES.
NEXT MONDAY— First Time Here of
MISS ROBERTS as MACDA.
LYRIC HALL E^C
GREAT SUCCESS.
! The XV Century Morality Flay,
EVERY NIGHT, 8:30.
Thursday end Saturday Afternoons, 3
Reserved Seats. $2.00. $1.50 and 400 Goo1
v Seats at $1.00.
Box Office, Sherman, Clay ft Co.'s
BASEBALL!
PACIFIC COAST LEAGUE.
KECREATION PARK.
EIGHTH AND HARRISON
CHAMPIONSHIP GAMES.
THURSDAY AND FRIDAY. 3:30 P. M.: SAT-
URDAY. 3:00 P. M.
SUNDAY 2:30 P. M.
OAKLAND vs. SEATTLE
LADIES' DAYS THURSDAY AND FRIDAY.
Advance^ Sale. 5 Stockton M.
LECl'UBES AJTD CQJCEBTS.
l tf?$p$>jr> 5TEINWAT HALL,
BKjKS^KFpiiJ^Jfc^'iH "The Marconi of the
x -S^^K0#xaieul/i*J Tickets 25c. BOc & 76c. ,
AMUSEMENTS.
~2"25 T AT * 8 SHOW GKOUNDS
TO-HZOHT AT 8 || HTH ft MARKET
,, .,, Uoor! °«n at 1 and 7 p. m.
tntll and Includtnr Monday. Sept 14.
RIINGLIING BROS.'
WORLD'S GREATEST SHOWS.
ad^d.^ c h h o U s t % x n^
a'.mietlon. the 6UB- AND THE
LIME SPECTACLE. GRUSrtDES
1<K> Sensational Cirrus Act*.
40 Elephants— 1GR Cafe Zoo — U) Clown*.
<'NE 50-Cent Ticket Admits to Everything.
VhlldrMi under 12 years half rrloe. Admit-
Mao tickets nnd actually numbered reserved
f-rat* on rale at Sherman. Clay & Co.'s piano
wareroons. Kearny and Sutler streets, at ex-
actly the Mm? prices as charged at regular
i.eket wagons on the show grounds.
6VRPAEPIXG ANY OF THE FORMER
PLAYS. „
Literally Filled With Good Things.
1 "The Glad Hand" and "The Ccn-qurert" |
Our "All-Star" Cast. Including:
KOLB AND DILL. .
PAItNET BERNARD.
WINFIELD BLAKE.
HARRY HERMSEN.
MAfDE AMBEK.
ELEANOR JENKINS.
UEPERVED PEATS— Nights 25c 60c and
75c Saturday snd Sunday Matinees 25c and
&*. Children at Matinees. 10c and 25c.
VAUDEVILLE JYE-OPENERS !
Frederic Bond and Company; Orig-
inal Rio Brothers; Almont and
I>umont and Fischer and Wacker.
Last times of Bloom and Cooper;
T. Nelson Downs; La Vine-Cam-
eron Trio; Marguerite and Hanley
and George Schindler.
Iies«r\-ed Seat*. 25c: Balcony. 10c; Box Seat*
and O}.era Chairs. 5ttc.
TIV/ni I OPERA
B I V VjLI house.
NOTE — Performance Cfir.raences at S o'clock
sharp. Matinee en Saturday at 2 sharp.
TO-KIGHT
And Saturday NiKht.
Gounod's Immortal Opera,
•'FAUST.'
Saturday Matir.re and Sunday Night. Verdi's
Lyric Drama
"RIGOLETTO."
NEXT WEEK— "IL TROVATORE" and "LA
BOKXAMBDLA."
PRICES ALWAYS THE SAME— 25c. 50c. 75c.
Telephone Bush 3
,
tt % Tmbcctm Xipht — Openiryr Han
«f rejrular combination ftea- M \
•rn or weekly KaMern attrac- ,
tions. The ciever and hil- .
arloufly funny farce.
A rrienfl of the Family.
Featuring George Barnum.
for yearn leading eorr.e<i;an
with May Irniti. sti'i All<»
JrrhnFon leading lady of the
criminal Frawley Company. ,
T Regular Season Prices, r-*^
H E^TKO, 1
HENRV^MILLER
AKD
MARGARET ANGLIN
To-nig-ht and Saturday NlKht.
MATINEE SATURDAY.
"THE TAMIIJG Or KELrW
Next Monday— La*t Week of
HENRY MILLER and MARGARET ANGLIX.
Fir*t Time Here of
THE AFTERMATH
Adapted by Henry Miller from George
Ohnet'e novel. "Leg Maitre des Forges."
SEATS NOW READY.
Coming— "THE P.M.NCB OF PJL6EN."
MATINEES TO-MORROW AND SUNDAY.
Every Iddy and Child Presented With a Sou-
venir Picture of one of the Lilliputians at ail
matineee.
GLORIOUS TRIUMPH OF THE
POLLARD LILLIPUTIAN OPERA CO.
LAST TWO NIGHTS,
/\ GAIETY GIRL
EfMJAY MATIKEE. Pf.VDAT. MONDAY,
TUESDAY. WEDNESDAY NIGHTS.
A LADY SLAVKY.
THURSDAY. FRIDAY. SATURDAY NIGHTS
AND SATURDAY MATINEE,
THE GEISHA.
PRICES — Evenings 15c. 25c, 50c and 75c
Uatinees 15c. 25c and 50c
•^ Proprietor*'
Market Street. Near Eighth. Phone South 533.
TO-NIGHT— LAST THREE NIGHTS.
MATINEES TO-MORROW AND SUNDAY.
The richest rarest, raciest of farce comedlea,
WHOSE BABY ARE YOU?
A VOLCANO OF MIRTH! A TORNADO OF
FUN!
PE»rPS Evenings .^lOc to 50c
If »ttj Matinees 10c. 15c. 25c
MONDAY. September 14th — The Military
Ejiectacle.
THE CHEBBT PICKERS.
FIVE BABY LIONS IN THE ZOO.
A GREAT SHOW EVERY AFTERNOON
AND EVENING IN THE THEATER.
Inrr>ect '"CABARET DE LA MORT."
SEE THE CHINESE BABY
IN THE INFANT INCUBATOR.
VISIT THE
"MYSTIC MIRROR MAZE"
ADMISSION. 10c; CHILDREN. 6c.
~lcacri.r.AnxoTTS AMPSiatEirrs.
MR. DENIS O'SULLIVAN
Only Sons: Recital This Season
6TEINWAY HALL. 223 BUTTER ST.
Friday Evening. September II, at 8:15
fleaerved $1.00. Unreserved 7tc. For ud*
at £fcerman. Clay ft Co.'c
'_ ¦ ' ADVERTISEMENTS.
Girl3 vrho work are particularly susceptible to female ills, especially when obliged to stand on their
feet from morning until night.
Day in and day out, month in and month out, the year through, the "working girl toils; she is often tha
bread -winner of the family, and must work that ethers may live ; whether she is sick or well, whether it
rains or shines, whether it is warm or cold she must get to her place of employment and perform tha
duties exacted from her.
5 Among this class the symptoms of female diseases are early manifest by weak and aching backs,
pain in the lower limbs and lower part of the stomach; in consequence of frequent wetting of the feet
monthly periods become painful and irregular, and frequently faint and dizzy spells, with loss of appetite,
until life is a burden and it is hard work to drag about." All these symptoms point to a derangement of tho
female organism, and if taken in time can be easily and permanently cured. ._ j
A Cordial Invitation to Every Sick fand
Ailing Working Girl.f •
It is to these girls that Mrs. Pinkham holds out a helping hand, and
extends a cordial invitation to correspond with her. Her unrivalled record of
success in treating woman's ills makes her letters of advice of untold value
to every ailing working girl, and from her wide experience and skill she
quickly points the way to health. Her advice is free, and all letters are
held by her in the strictest confidence. Address, firs. Pinkham, Lynn, ilass*
Don't put off writing her until your health is wrecked.
Grateful Words from Working Girls Who
Have Been Helped.
"Dear Mrs. Pinkham: — I want to thank you for what you have done for me. I waa dreadfully
tired, I stand over my work all day, and no one who hasn't tried it knows how it makes your back and sides
ache. I couldn't sleep, and had no appetite, but thanks to Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable Compound,
I feel entirely different now ; it is a wonderful medicine. I do not feel that my work is hard now, and I
recommend your medicine to other cirls who are alwavs tired." — "Miss Isabel. SxrEanf. 293 "Willis Ave.,
New York City.
"Dear Mrs. Pinkham : — Lydia E. Plnkham's Vegetable Compound has done so much good for
me that I wish to recommend it to all girls whose work keeps them standing on their feet all day in a
hot store. The doctor said I corJd not live and I must give up work, and stay out of doors ; he did not
seem to realize that a girl cannot afford to stop working. My back ached, my appetite was poor and I
could not sleep ; menstruation was scanty end very painful. One day when suffering I commenced to
take Lydia E. Pinkhanrs Vegetable Compound and it helped me, I soon found that my menstrual
periods were free from pain and natural ; now my health is fine, and every one is surprised at the Fchango
in me, and I cannot be too grateful for what you have done for me." — Miss Janet Paete, 530 West
325th Street, New York City. — $5000.00 forfeit if originals of above tetters proving genuineness cannot be produced,
WISE IS THE WOMAN WHO HAS FAITH IX
LYDIA E. PINKHAH'S VEGETABLE COAPOUND.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
"Fairly Sparkling in Beer Goodness"
¦^r*l?0iOOD (JUDGES .,
OF BEER, DECLARE
Blatz Beer
Superior from all point* of
view; Possessing- absolute pur-
, ity, proper affe and Honest
Flavor. Adapted to all tastes
i according 1 to Brew and Brand.
EXPORT WENER PRIVATE STOCK MUEHCHENER
Ask for "BLATZ" at Club or Bar.
VAl. BLATZ BREWING CO., MILWAUKEE
Braunschweiger & Co,, il
5 and 7 DRUMM ST., San Francisco,
Tel. Main 1646. Wholesale Dealers.
Palace dont fail to
i mau* Bee the beautiful
j COURT Lounging
anfl room, the EMPIRE
U11U i PARLOR, the
r wJ(/w ,f PALM ROOM, the
iirand louis xv par.
uiuuu LQR and the LA _
H/i4a1o DIES ' WRITING
notes room.
l i ., .
Ladies' Tailor=Made Hats
Our stock cf ladies' tailor-made hats in fall styles has lately
been received and we are showing a swell assortment at prices
fully a fourth less than the exclusive miljiners ask for hats of
equal quality.
Description cannot do them justice. You must see the hats
and try them on. The solid colors are white, tan, blue, black,
brown and dark shades of gray. They also come trimmed in
brown and tan, gray and white, blue and white, black and white.
There are eighteen different shapes to choose from, and
each one is stylish and becoming.
The prices are :
$2.50 $3.00 $3.50
Any man who wants a good hat for everyday wear will find
his needs fully satisfied in the hats we sell at $1.95. They com-
prise all shapes and colors.
Out-of-town orders filled. Write us.
SNWOOP&fP
740 Market StreetThe drafting period of players was
changed from August 15 to September I
and the price for claas A players fixed
at $730, payable one-half in cash on the
signing- of the contract and the remainder
on June 1. It was also agreed that only
two players can be drafted from each of
the class A clubs.
The players who were originally award
ed to major league clubs by the Cincin
nati agreeement last .winter and who con
tinued playing in minor leagues were or
dered back to the major leagues.
CINCINNATI, Sept. lO.-At a meeting
of representatives of the National Asso
ciation of Minor Baseball Leagues and of
the National Baseball Commission at the
St. Nicholas Hotel here to-day the na
tional agreement, signed by thevtwo ma
jor leagues recently and rejected by the
minor league clubs, was accepted by tha
latter organization after a few changes
had been made.
Decides to Accept the Agreement En
1 tered Into by the Larger
Associations.
MIJXOR BASEBALL LEAGUE
WITHDRAWS OBJECTIONS
The muddy condition of the track and
field kept many athletes out of the events,
thus enabling the local club to win many
points throueh the non-entrance of other
clubs." \ Few of the events were closely
contested and the athletes were generally
strung out at the finish. Summaries:
Final 120-yard high hurdles— L. C. Bailey.
Central Y. M. C. A., first. Time, :21%.
Pole vault — Ralph Morris, Central Y. M. C.
A., first: ten feet.
One mile run — J. A. L!ghtbody. University of
Chicago, first; G. H. Buechler, Central Y. M.
C. A., eecond; G. B. Rudolph, Company E.
First Regiment. St Louis, third. Time,
6:32 4-5.
220-yard hurdles — George Poag. Milwaukee,
first; no second or third. Time, :33.
440-yard run — F. C. ¦Waller. Milwaukee A.
C. first; Z. R. Pettlt, second; no third. Time,
:51 4-5.
220-yard dash— L. Robertson. Qreater New
York, first; L. E. Stevens. Milwaukee, second;
J. Wengierski, Central Y. M. C. A., third.
Time, :24 4-5. ,^-
High jump — O. Keachie. First Regiment, first,
five feet six Inches; George C. Poag, Milwau
kee, second, five feet four inches; no third.
Putting 16-pound Bhot— L. E. J. Furbach,
New York Athletic Club, first, 41 feet; W. R.
Maxwell. University of Chicago, second. 37
feet 6V? Inches: Gerry Williamson, unattached,
third. 34 feet 3U inches.
SJSO-yard run — Charles Bacon. Greater New
York Irish A. A., won; M. H. Cabin, Univer
sity of Chicago, second; F. C. Hart, Milwau
kee A. C. third. Time. 2:34 3-5.
MILWAUKEE. BeDt. lO.-The Milwau
kee Athletic Club was an easy winner
in the national Junior championships of
the Amateur Athletic Union at State Fair
Park this afternoon, talcing five firsts,
three seconds and three thirds, making
a total of. 37 points. The University of
Chicago cactured second honors with 32
and the Central Young Men's Christian
Association of Chicago third with 20
points. The G?eat«r New York Irisly
Athletic Association and First Regiment
Athletic Association of Chicago finished
with 13 and 12 points respectively to their
credit, while the Montreal Amateur Ath
letic Association and the New York Ath
letic Club were tied with 5 points. The
Crescent Athletic Club of Milwaukee,
Company E, First Regiment, St. Louis,
and Gerry Williamson, unattached, are
credited with 1 point.
HARTFORD. Conn., Sept. 10— Billy
Buck to-day won the Charter Oak Stafca
In -which a field of ten horses partici
pated. He won in three straight heats.
each heat being a race. Walnut Hall ami
Hawthorne pushed Billy Buck so hard
that whipping finishes characterized
every toeat, the leaders being neck ana
neck as they passed under the wire. In
each heat the first horse received $1500
and the second JJOO. The remaining nooo
waa then divided according to the sum
mary at the conclusion of the third heat,
$£000 going to the flr3t horse. WOO to tha
second, $300 to the third and $300 to tha
fourth. The final division was: Billy
Buck $530Q. Walnut Hall $1900, Hawthorne
$1100 and Swtft $500.
In the first heat WaJnut Hall had th»
pole and held the lead all the way
around. As the horses passed under tha
wire the finish was so close that none
could tell the winner although soma
thought that It was either Walnut Hall's
race or a tie. The decision of the Judged,
however, was In favor of Billy Buck.
In the next heat the same two horses
fought It out, Billy Buck winning by
half a length in an exciting finish.
When the horses in third and last heat
reached the distance flag it looked like
Hawthorne's, but Billy Buck made an
other of his famous rallies and swept
under the wire winner by a nose. His
time of 2:07% in the first heat is the rec
ord for the Charter Oak Stake event.
Summary :
Charter Oak, 2:CO trot, purse $10.000— Billy
Buck won three straight heats tn 2:09^4, 2:11.
2:07?4. Walnut Hall, Hawthorne. Swift.
Dulce Cor, Baron de Savoie. Maxlne Idollt,
Lord Vincent. Monte Carlo. Jim Ferry and
Oplance also started.
2:12 trot, purse J120O — Belle Kuser won th<»
first, third and fourth heats In 2:12'^. 2:12» 4 .
2:12%. Promise won the second heat tn -:»i.
Pug, Dainty Daffo and Cozad also started.
2:03 pace, purse $1300 — Locanda won th»
second, third and fourth heats In 2:0*
2:llVi. 2:13H- Trilby Direct won the first
heat In 2:10^s. Startlir.e, Nona Me and Dandy
Chimes also started. •
Muddy Condition of Track
Keeps Many Athletes
Out of Events.
Close and Exciting Finishes
Characteriza the Races
at Hartford.
Billy Buck Captures the
Charter Oak Stake
for Trotters. .
Takes First Honors in
the National Junior
Field Sports.
MILWAUKEE CLUB
AN EASY WINNER
WINS IN THREE
STRAIGHT HEATS
Lundy pays the highest price for loose
diamonds, i 3d st and 752 Market at. •
VAL.LEJO. Sept. 1 10.— Orders were received
In the Navy Yard to-day to proceed , with re
pairs on the, gunboat < York town. The vessel
i s^°^n e thnrous *ly overhauled at * cost of
Fitzsimmons Will Meet Coughlin.
NEW YORK. Sept. lO.-Bob Fltzum
mens and Con Coughlin. the "Irish
giant," were matched to-day to meet In
s Eix-round bout before the Industrial
Athletic Club of Philadelphia on the even-
Ing of September £3 at catch weights.
James Maloney, while riding his horse
on Fifteenth avenue south yesterday aft
ernoon, lost his -balanced and fell. The
horse became frightened and ran away,
dragging the rider after him and breaking
his leg. The. injured man was treated
at the City and County Hospital.
Horseman Breaks His Leg.
Chin Yuen '. and Yee Hung, who were
convicted by a Jury, in Judge Cook's Court
on a charge of robbery, were .each sen
tenced j yesterday to . serve ten ! years ¦". in
San Quentin. On the night of. March 27
they attacked Lai Sim, a Chinese woman,
at 6. St.* Louis alley and robbed her of two
gold bracelets and three gold rings. They
arc notorious highbinder*
Chinese Bobbers Sentenced.
William McCaffrey began suit yester
day in the Superior Court against the
Truckee River General Electric Company
to recover $25,000 for damages he al
leges he received while in the employ of
that company. He claims that on March
4, 1902, he was severely hurt and bruised
by an uninsulated electric wire, and is
now a terrible sufferer, and that his
medical attendance has already cost him
now.
Claims Heavy Damages.
The remains of the late Father Eugene
O'Growney, who was on* of the foremost
Gaelic scholars in this country. Is now ly
ing in state at the/hall of the Knights of
the Red Branch on Mission street. The
funeral services will be read at 9:30
o'clock this morning. The body of Father
O'Growney is to be taken to Maynooth,
Ireland, where Interment will take place!
Priest's Body Lies in State.
The jubilee committee of the German
Oneral Benevolent Society held a meet
ing last night at the Century Club. C.
E. Grunsky in the chair.
It was resolved that Chairman Grunslcv
be authorized to appoint eleven members
out of the 150 of the jubilee committee
who, in conjunction with fourteen of the
board of directors, shall constitute an ex
ecutive committee to arrange for the cele
bration of the society's Jubilee January
T, 1904.
Among these on the Jubilee committee
aro the following ex-presidents of the
benevolent society:
C. F. Mebiua. Joseph Brandensteln. Cesar
B^rlh«-a«. Charles Bunds-chu. Dr. Julius Koe
blg. E. C. I'ribler. B. Broemmel, Charles E.
Iiar.»m. Richard Finking, I. Gutte, Hugo
Hater. ¦ •
The next meetine of the jubilee com
mittee will be held Thursday, October 1.
Prominent Men Prepare to
Fifty Years' Service of German
General Benevolent Society.
BESOLVE TO CELEBRATE
ORGANIZATION'S JUBILEE
Errors — Toman, . Leahy; . Delmas. Lindsay.
Two-base hits — Smith, Irwin. . Sacrifice hits
Cravath. Spies, Hoy. First base on bails — Off
Corbett. 1 ; off Iberg, 2.^Struck out— By Iberg
2; by Corbett, 9. Left oh bases — Los Angeles
8; San Francisco, 8. Hit by pitcher— Wheeler
Lynch. Double play— Hoy to Dillon. Time of
.game — 1 , hour and 55 minutes. Umpire — Mc-
Donald.
SUMMARY.
Los Angeles 1.11 3 0 0 0 1 x 7
Base hits 3 2 13 0 0 0 2 x 11
San Francisco ...1 00-0 0 0 1 0 0 2
Base hits.....". .1 2 10 10 2 1 0 8
RUNS AND HITS. BY INNINGS.
Los Angeles — . San Francisco—
AB. R. II. P. A. AB. It. H. P. A.
Hoy, cf.. 3 0 11 0 Lynch. If 4 0 2 2 0
Whelr,2b 4 1 1 2 5| Meany.cf 3 10 2 0
Smith, 3b 5 2 2 0 1 Irwln, 3b 4 0 2 11
Dillon, lb 5 1 3 11 1 Leahy.lb 4 . 0 0 6 0
Cravth.rf 3 0 10 0 Z'rfoss. c 4 0 1 3;. 2
Rosa. If. a 0 0 1 0"!Krug. 2b 4 0 0 4 2
Toman. ss 4 1 13 2,Delmas.s 4 0 110
Spies, c. 3 0 O!) O Lindsy.rf 4 1 2 S O
Corbett.p 4 2 2 0 3jlberg, p. 4 0 0 0 2
Totals. 34 7 11 27 .121 Totals.35 ~2 ~8 24 ~7
LOS ANGELES. Sept. 10. — San Francisco
played to-day as if several of the men should
be taking a rest instead of running bases and
chasing after the ball. Lynch was hardly able
to walk, Iberg looked 111 and Shay gave way
to Delmas at short, while Pitcher Lindsay
went to r<lght field. The result was that Loa
Angeles, with Third Baseman Smith back In
the game, ran away with the contest by the
score of 7 to 2. ' Corbett was at his best and
fanned nine of the opposing batters. Los An
geles fielded and ran bases far better than tha
visitors. Attendance, -"000. Score:
of Form.
Lynch, Iberg and Shay Are All Out
UNCLE'E TEAM CRIPPLED. *
One hundred and twelve greyhounds are
entered for the stalte this week at Ingle
slde Coursing Park. The first rundown
to-morrow will commence at 11 o'cloclr.
The draw last night resulted as follows:
Rose Tree vs. Bella Lloyd. Anchor vs. Gold
en Links Fair Play vs. Commercial Traveler,
Tom Hurlick vs. Irvington Tralee, Our Motto
vs. Adonis, Miss Grizzle vs. Fireside, Miss
Wilson vs. Tobaeco Bob, Meddlesome vs. Mar-
Kuerltte, Welcome Light vs. Sofala, Fannie
Hugbie vs. Lily Wright. Lmie Lucy vs. Im
perious. Equator vs. White Mystery. Honor
Bright vs. Silver Lass. Free Born vs. Flora
Belle, Intruder vs. Flower of Kerry, Snapper
Garrison vs. Mcnlo Prince. Young Buck vs.
Flora Bird. Yellow Tall vs. Onward Maud, Lazy
Bob vs. Maid of the Glen. Lady Pinto vs. Bel
fast. Special vs. Minnie Sankey, Old Ironsides
vi«. Koval Sport. Iloulette vs. Pacing Billy.
Cruiser' vf. J. E. H., Master Clair vs. Little
Plunger, Odd Eyes vs. Una, Articulate vs. Tom
fiayers. Eastlake vs. Cluster, Pepper Jack vs.
Krishna, General De Wet vs. Roy Hughie.
Haddingctil vs. Luxury. Van Nora vs. Anner
Boy. Gold Lily vs. Glaucus. Jingle Bells vs.
Firm Fellow, Free From Flaw vs. Hesper, Pure
Pearl vs. Concord Tralee. Kittleman ve. Whls
pfr. Rural Artist vs. Advance Guard, Idaho
Boy vs. Prometheus, Yankee Boy vs. Yukon,
Idle Fellow vs. Wattles, Young Johnny Rex vs.
Our Myra. Fenli vs. Braw"s Hill, McHenry vs.
Linda Vista, Golden Light vs. King's Pride.
Plskiynu vs. Roxana. Fair Glen ve. Doc Burns.
Boco Girl vs. Gramercy, Homer Boy vs. Va
grant. Gunpowder vs. Tcpf>y Turvy. Orslna vs.
Rockefeller. Manhattan King vs. -White Buck,
Lulu Girl vs. Young Fearless, Balmy Climate
vs. Half Moon. Dorten vs. Cascade, Honest
John vs. Thette. ¦¦'
To-Morrow in the Stake at
Ingleside Park.
Evenly Matched Coursers Will Start
ONE HUNDRED AND TWELVE
GREYHOUNDS TO COMPETE
Batteries— Howell and Bevlll; Henley and
Schreck. •
BOSTON. Sept. 10. — Young was Invincible
to-day, shutting out Washington with only
three hits. Attendance, S20O. Score:
R. H. E.
Boston - . . . 3 .5 1
Washington 0' 13 2
Batteries — Young and Crlger; Orth and
Kittredee. • - .
Batteries — Taylor and Warner; Sparks and
Dooln. Umpire — CDay.
AMERICAN LEAGUE.
NEW YORK, Sept. 10.— The third game of
the series between New York and Philadelphia
resulted in an easy victory for the visitors.
Attendance, SSO. Score:
R. H. E.
New York 2 8 °
Philadelphia 5 n 0
Batteries— McQlnnlty and Warner; Duggleby'
&nd Roth.
Ne^rk'Tr.:..'. ** "/-^
Philadelphia 1 10 1
Batteries — Leever and Smith; Jones and Rlt
ter. Umpire — Johnson.
PHILADELPHIA, S«pt. 10.— The local Na
tional League season was closed to-day on
the American League grounds with a double
defeat for Philadelphia at the hands of New
York. Attendance. 2200. Score:
First came — R. h. E.
New York 5 9 2
Philadelphia 3 7 j
He Is Given Exceedingly Poor Sup
port, However, and Pittsburgh
Wins the Game.
NATIONAL LEAGUE.
PITTSBURO, Sept. 10. — Jones pitched a good
game ana hla team should have won. Wild
throws were responsible for each of Pltts
burg'a runs. Attendance, 1900. Score:
H. H. B,
Pittsburg 3 g j
Brooklyn 2 7 8
JONES PITCHES GOOD
BALL FOR BROOKLYN
Fifth race, three-quarters of a mile, selling —
El Piloto 110, Gold Scratch 110. Maresa 110,
Judge Voorhles 107, Wandering Boy 110.
Second race, five-eighths of a mile, selling —
Frierline 108. Little Secret 104. Samar 94, Wil
liam Weir 105, St. Wilda 107. Czarette 89.
¦ Third race, five-eighths of a mile, selling —
Mamie 102, Loyal S 110, Doris 0.1, Quidado
110. Miss Dividend 107, Dusty Rhodes 96, Zal
nae 107. Tom Mitchell 102. ¦ p> '
Fourth race, three-quarters "of a mile, sell
ing — Rottaln - 107. Legal Maxim 110, Tamm
110, Rubino 107. Isabellera. 100, Madam Bishop
105. Loyal S 110.
First race, five and a half furlongs— .Pat Bul
ger 108. Charlie Schweitzer 108. Nora 105. Ho
noma 105. nuvia 105. Hope Morgan 105, Dr.
Blrdsall — . .
ENTRIES FOB 'FRIDAY.
One mile and 100 yards, selling, purse $223
Miss Vera. br. f., by Amlgo-Fame. 100 (See)
3 to 2, won; Dark Secret, 112 JHildebrand)
3>£ to 1. second; Dwightway,. 112 (Bozeman) 7
to 1. third. ' Time. 1:48. Dr. Sharb. Mal
plaquet and BUI Young also ran.
One mile, handicap, purse $300 — Solon, b. g.
by Clieveden-Arethusa. 116 (Howson), 4 to l'
won: Chileno. 100 (Henderson). 3 to 1, sec
ond; Kitty Kelly. 105 (Chandler^. 8 to 5. third.
Time, 1:40. Illowaho and Ccnstellator also ran.
Six furlongs. Stallion Stake, for two-year
olds — Instructor, b. c, by Brutus-Imitation
118 (See), 7 to 10. won; Dr. Rowell. 113 (How
son). 2 to 1, second; Eva D, 107 (Chandler) 15
to 1, third. Time, 1:15. H. L. Frank, Dr.
Blrdsall and Zenonlan also ran.
Six furlongs, selling, purse $225— Ultruda, b.
g., pedigree unknown, 116 (Lewis). 8 to 5
won; Mountebank, 111 (Frawley), 3 to 2. sec
ond: Cambaceres, 110 (Howson), S^ to 1
third. Time. 1:14^4. Jack Richelieu Jr, The
Miller and Myrtle H also ran.
One and ono-elghth miles, the Governor's
Stake— Grafter, b, g., by Cicero-Leap Year,
walk-over. - V
One mile, handicap, purse $600 — Divina, by
Baesetlaw-Angellque. 114 (L. Jackson), 3 ito 4
won; Horatius, 107 (Powell). 8 to 5, second-
Step Around. 85 (Lewls),8 to 1. third. Time,
1:39. Hagerdon also ran.
Five furlongs, selling, purse $225 — Hercules,
ch. g., by Kit Carson Jr.-Unknown, 117 (Fraw
ley). 6 to 5, won; Maresa, 114 (Hildebrand) 8
to 5. second; Skirmish. 114 (Hobart), 4 to 1,
third. Time, 1:00*^. Metlakatla and Skip Me
also ran.
SUMMARY.
2:17 class, trotting:, purse $500:
Ole. b. g., by Silas Skinner-Eveline
(Grace) j>. . 1 1 1
Lady Rowena (Zibble) 2 2 4
Rozell (Fanning) ft 5 2
Verona (Garnet) 4 3 .1
What Is It (Carlin) 3 4 5
Potrero (HodRes) 7 wdn
Hank (J. Smith) -*.. 6 dls
Time. 2:15*i— 2:16— 2:17.
Running, five furlongf. selling, purse 5225 —
Nellie May, ch. m., by The Bishop-Easter Sun
day, 109 (Howson), a to 1, won; Blondura, lO.'f
(Chandler), 7 to 5. 6econd; Miss Dividend, 1C0
(Frawley). 3 to 1, third, lime, 1:02. Tom
Mitchell. Quldado, Honduran and Light Braid
also ran.
THIRD RACE— Handicap for two-year-olds;
t-ix furlonps; on main track:
JfeltlnK. Horse. Weight Jockey. St. «i Fin.
2 to 1 — Adboll, 117 (O'NVHl) 3 114
« to ] — Turq'se Blue, 117 (Odotn) 4 3 2 h
3* to 1— Luxembourg. 112 (Gray).. 2 2 3 *i
Time. 1:13 2-5. Start had. Won easily.
Winner, J. E. Madden 1 * b c. by Plaudlt-
Napma. Divination 113. Wotan 112. Tom Cod
3<X5, Valour 112. Tonic 107. Jacquin 102 RRin
or Shine 110. Masedo 109. Brlarthoi-pe 103.
I '-an.- 113. Uevane IO5. also ran.
roi"RTH RACE— The Flight etakei, all
«6f«. eeven furlonzs cr Futurity coune:
IWUrf. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
4 to 5— Leonora Loring. 107 <Rx?d
terir) 1 i ii
* to 1 — Young Henry, 112 (Odom) 2 3 2 fi
4 to 1 — Shotgun. 113 (Puller) 4 2 3?;
Time, 1:22 1-5. Start fair. Won ridden out
k Winner. W. C. Whitney's b. f. by Dr. Mac-
Rrlde-Ho}den. Alabareh 107. Mater 110 also
:*a.
FIFTH RACE — Handicap, one and a Quarter
miles:
Betting. Horse. Weisht. Jockey. St. *i Fin.
5 to 1— Carbuncle. 10S (Redfern). S 4 1 a.
Hi to 5— Lord Badge. 10S <H!ggtn?) 6 1 2 2U
10 to 1— Gold BrJl. 107 (Hicks)... 2 5 3 1 "
TStw. 2:07 4-5. Start irood. Won driving.
Winner, 1L T. Wilson Jr.'s b. s:. by Stuyve
rant-Gamet. Moon Dairy 112, Himself 112.
t'harawind 112. also ran.
SIXTH RACE— One and a sixteenth miles on
turf, telling:
Batting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
4 to 1 — Conundrum. 107 <Hicks).. 3 6 1 h
7 to 2 — Ernrt Parhm. 107 (Fuller) 4 12 4
t- to 1— Tribefhill. 113 <Pickertng) 2 5 3 1U
Time. 1 :49. Start erood. Won drivlnfj. Wln
rer. Manhattan Stable's b. g. bjr Charade-
Lydia Belle. Jar.e Holly 1C5. Past 102. Lord
Advocate 107. Stonewall 103. Castallan 8S,
IVkaber 96, Harrison 102. Carroll D 10.5, Mary
Worth 1C5. The Spinster 91, also ran.
SHEEFSHEAD BAY ENTRIES.
NEW YORK, Sept. 10.— Sheepshead entries:
First race, fillies, two-year-olds, five and a
half furlongs of Futurity course — Thistle
Hrather lfO, Ancestor KM. Vagary 109, October
Flower 104. Marmalade 106. Graceful 109.
Palette 109. Handsome Florry 109. Marjoram
KK«. Oreat OroFFlnE 1OS». Out^mie 104, Dimple
1O4. Mineo'.a 1O9. Armen!a^06. Marmee 104,
Charter 104, GameFtress IO4, Tepee 104.
Second race, one mile, maidens — Sentinel 104,
Tact 103, Nick Longworth 112, Rockmart 10»,
Vueen Elizabeth 10!t. Erbe 109. Spring Silk
112. Tip Top 109, Royal Pirate 112. Medal 1C9.
• Tnlcutta. lo», Mollle Monople 109, Cannon Ball
112. Wyefleld 10S. Pass Book 109, Hugh C.
Barren 109. Patet 1C0.
Third race, six and a half furlongs on turf.
Golden Rod — Montana Klr.g 105. Responsive 97.
Bryn Mawr 101. Requiter 105. Grenade 105
Yellow Hammer U:0. Resentment K7. Highball
122, Wotan 105. Molinos 105, Dimple 97, Bob
adil io:,.
Fourth race, one mije. handicap, all a.g*e
Olympian 124. Duke of Kendall 122. Leader 118
Ada Nay 115, April Shower 105. Yellowtail
JOS. Th» Rhymer 107. Brigand 105, Janeway
I0O. Adlos 87. Bobadll 97, Slldell 08.
Fifth race, tiv* and a half furlongs of Fu
turity, selling— Van Ne*s 107. Henry Clay Rye
110. Demurrer 112. Bonner 107. Interval 1O3.
*-«ptlvator 105. Trinity Bell 107. Hyland 108
Taro V Fhanter 105. Toscan 114, Prince Chine
P5. Stuyve 104. ElFie L 1<W. King Pepper 105.
c»perator 105. Aeceneion 10S. Cindnnatus 98
Mamie Worth 10S.
Sixth race. Russet handicap, one and a half
rifles on turf— Colonsay 87. His Eminence 105,
TK Or 'J I C S ' ?J2« Ypll *»-t*» 104, Sheriff Bell 90.
The Picket 115. Caugrhawaga 110.
SHEEPSHEAD BAY SELECTIONS.
By the Xew York Telegraph.
First race—Whitney entry, Mar
xnee, Marjoram.
Second race — Calcutta, Erbe, Rock
mart.
Third race — Highball, Wotan,
Grenade.
Fourth race— Brigand, Ada Nay,
Bobadil.
Fifth race — Operator, King Pepper,
Ascension.
Sixth race,— Short Hose, The
Picket, His Eminence.
Stolen bases — McLaughlln. Doyle, Elsey.
Eirors — Casey, Hildebrand, Eagan, Townsend,
Sheehan, Doyle, Hollingsworth <2). Three-base
hits — Hildebrand. Townsend. Two-base hits —
Graham. Sacrifice hits — Fitzgerald, Sheehan
(2), Hildebrand. First base on errors-^—Sacra
mento 2. Portland 2. First base on balls— Oft
Fitzgerald 5, off Shields 3. Left on bases — Sac
ramento 9, Portland 10. Hit by pitcher—El
sey, Francis. Double plays — McLaughlln to
Graham; Raldy to Hollingsworth to Elsey ;
Casey to Eagan to Townsend. Time of game —
1 hour 45 minutes. Umpire — O'Connell.
SUMMARY.
•Hogan batted for Fitzgerald.
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS. .
Sacramento 1 0 1101000—4
Base hits 1 0 2 10 3 11 1—10
Portland 0 0 1 1 3 O O 1 x— 6
Base hits O 1113 0 12 x — 9
SACRAMENTO, 'Sept. 10.— The Senators'
winps were not in working? order to-day and a
number of throwing errors followed that gave
the game to the Portland team. Fitzgerald
was pitching an excellent article of ball, but
the errors on the cart of his support would
have lost any pitcher the game. The day was
close and. sultry, without a breath of air In
motion, and in consequence it was hard for
the players of both teams. Score:
Sacramento— • Portland —
AB. R. H. P.A. AB. R. H. P.A.
Casey,2b. 5 0 2 2 2 Blake.rf . 2 2 0 2 0
Hildnd.lf 3 112 0 VBren.cf 5 0 2 4 0
McLhn.rf 5 0 13 1 Ndeau.lf. 4 11BO
Hasan. ss 5 0 0 2 2 Frncls,3b 4 1110
Twnsd.lb 4 2 3 7 o Hlljiw.ss. 4 O 3 2 4
Sh'hn.Sb. 2 0 12 SiElsey.lb. 3 1 2 11 1
Doyle.cf. 3 0 13 OjRaidy,2b 3 0 0 12
Grahm.c. 3 1 1 2 OHess.c... 4 110 1
Fitzgld.p 2 0 0 1 2iShlelds,p 4 0 0 14
•Hogan.. 10 0 0 0
Totals 33 6 0 27 12
Totals 33 4 10 24 10
Senators Lose Game With Portland
by Bad Throwing.
ERRORS FOR SACRAMENTO.
Quiz II.
Fifth race^ — Fading Light, Brush
By, Last Knight.
Sixth race— Sinner Simon, Lode
star, Give All.
First race — Cognomen, Rowena,
Allista.
Second race^ — Oliver Me, Handvice,
Mrs. GranDon.
Third rac^-Orfeo, Warte Nicht,
Ancke.
Fourth race^ — The Don, Gypzene,
HAELEM SELECTIONS.
By the Chicago Inter Ocean.
CHICAGO. Sept. 10.— Harlem entries:
Flr=t race, five furlones — Rowena 110. Badger
Clrl 11O. Allista 107. Katie Powers 1OO. Cog
nomen 100, Ml?s Mollle 97, Durbar 97, Mary
Hill S4, La Chat>erone 9*.
Second race, steeplechase, short course — airs.
Grannan 140. Oliver Me 13S. Gratia 135, Llmc
llpht 130 Handvlce 128, Snowdrift 125, Galba
125. First Past 125.
Third race, one mile — Bard Burns 102. Warte
Vicht 100. Curate HO, Bardolph 93. Lady Kent
1<2 Ancke 02. Orfco 89, Fair Lady Anna S'J,
Mauser 82. Sh*rry 82.
Fourth race.^lx furlongs— Fleuron 112, Moa
bina 112, Brookwood Belle 81, Quiz II 105, Pom
pino 105, St. Tammany J00. The Don 102, Will
Shelly 1O2. Dr. O'Neill 102. Gypzene 99, Ran
Gallant 99, Joe Ross 84. Coroner Kelly 84.
Fifth race, one and a sixteenth miles, sell
ing — Barrack 110. Last Knight 102. Lord Mel
bourne 1C0, Do Madge 9:». Brush By 04, Fad
lnp Light 91, Lady Matchless 01.
Sixth race, one and a sixteenth miles, sell
ing — Urchin 90. Lodestar 89, Give All 99, Lov
able 95, Jove 95. Sinner Simon 95, Klnford 92.
Christine A 91. Florence H 89.
HARLEM ENTRIES.
The game at Recreation- Park yester
day was about the limit for bad baseball
and still worse judgment on the part of
the umpire. The Cripples finally man
aged to get two runs to the good, not
through any supreme effort on their part,
but just because the northern band was
something awful. \ Score: Oakland, 7;
Seattle, 5.
It started off badly and never got bet
ter. Every inning brought some new ca
lamity to the front till the fans fairly
screamed for something better. All the
players seemed to be suffering from some
kind of dopey complaint, and try as they
would tney could not play the game.
Jimmy St. Vraln, who has been a star
and a tramp and who has had experience
in every league in the country, includ
ing the bush organizations, appeared in
the box at Recrlation Park for the first
time'. If he can do no better he should not
essay to go on the slab here again. He
was wild and the Cripples hit him as
oftenlas they wanted to.
Then his support always got bad at the
wrong time and this also helped the Crip
ples. Devereaux of Oakland was in
fairly good form, but In the sixth inning
he called It off and Cooper was -brought
to the front. He got the. worst of It from
the umpire and allowed the Seattles a
pair of runs. He waa lucky, to get off
so easily.
The Cripples started In the opening
round and clouted the offerings of St.
Vraln to the several^ corners of the lot.
They kept up the waljoplng till every
man on the team had taken a ride on the
ball.
Then the visitors took a hand at the
batting game and the score was finally^
tied up in the sixth Inning. The Crip
ples started again in the sixth, landing
two runs on a pair of hits and errors by
Jansing and Byers. This settled it, all
and brought victory to Peter and his
tribe. The score:
Oakland— Seattle—
AB.R.H.P.A. AB.R.H.P.A.
OHara.cf 4 1111 Moh]r.2b 5 1 3 » 5
Frncks. s 4 0 0 3 t> Smith, rf 4 0 1 1 0
Mskm,3b 4 12 11 Brshr, lb 4 0 1 9 •>
Schwz.2b 4 2 2 4 4 Zlnasar.lf 5 0 0 10
Murdk.rf 5 2 11 0 Jansg. 3b 4 0 1 1 3
Mesrly.lb 4 12 9 1 Andws.cf 3 0 0 11
Lohmn, c 1 O O 5 2'JIcCrty, s 4 O 0 1 5
Kruger.lf'4 0 12 1 Byers, c.4 3 3 3 0
Deverx. p. 2 0 0 1 2 St.Vrn. p 4 12 13
Cooper, p 1 0 1 0 0 WUsn.lb 0 0 0 10
Totals.,33 7 10 27 17 Totals..37 5 11 24 19
RUNS AXD HITS BY INNINGS.
Seattle 1 1 0 2 0 10 0 0 — 5
Base hits 1 2 2 4 0 2 0 0 0—11
Oakland 5 0 0 0 0 2 0 0 x 7
Base hits 4 1 110 2 10 x— 10
SUMMARY. *
Hits — Off Devereaux 0, off Cooper 2. Stolen
bases — Messerly. Andrews. Krrors — Smith,
Andrews, Schwartz, Jansing, Byers, Krancks,
Murdock. Two-base hits — Mohler, Mur
dock, Byers (2), St. Vrain, Schwartz, Kru
ger. Sacrifice hits— Smith, Francka. First
base on errors — Oakland 1, Seattle 2. First
base on called balls — Off Devereaux 1. off
Cooper 4, oft* St. Vrain 7. Left on bases — Oak
land 10. Seattle 11. Struck out — By Dever
eaux 2, by Cooper 2, by St. Vrain 1. Double
plays — O'llara to Lohman. to Devereaux to
Mosklman; Schwartz to Franck3 to Messerly.
Passed ball— Lohman. Wild pitch— St. Vraln.
Time of game— 2 hours and 15 minutes. Um
pire — Levy.
STANDING OF THE CLUBS.
. (Paclflo Coast League.)
W. L. Pct.i W. L. Pet.
Los AngeIe«.O2 B2 .64l|Portland ....63 75.457
San Fran.... 82 69 .545 Oakland ..:.G7 90 .428
Sacramento .74 71 .50a Seattle 69 81 .421
. All the smart ones unloaded on Hercules
to win" the five furlong dash following
and played him from 3 to" 1 to even
money. The old bush horse led from
start to finish. At the wire, the nitely
rated Maresa was half a length behind
him and Metlakatla a good third.
Mountebank, ridden by Frawley, closed
a mild favorite over Ultruda for the sev
enth race, a six furlong affair, but again
disappointed his admirers. Lewis, on Ul
truda, tofck the lead berore the stretch
was reached and won with considerable to
spare. In a drive the favorite downed
Cambaceres for the place.
MISS VERA WINS HANDILY.
For the mile and 100 yard run the 3 to 2
favorite, Miss Vera, turned up the easiest
sort of a winner. See had the leg up and
drawing away from, the bunch the last
eighth, downed Dark Secret and Dwight
way three open lengths. Malplaque^ led to
the stretch and then blew up. Harry Stov
er's Illowaho, shouldering Willie See and
116 pounds, went to the post an even
money chance for the concluding mile
handicap. The burden was too great and
Illowaho ran unplaced. At odds of 3 to 1
Howson t on Solon, got up in time to get a
neck verdict from Chileno, in 1:40 flat.
F. E. MULH0LLAND.
There was come dissatisfaction over the
mile handicap. Divlna, carrying 114
pounds and ridden by Lee Jackson, had
first call in the betting, and, after heading
Hagerdon with half the route traversed,
won well in hand. Two lengths behind
came Horatius with 107 pounds In the sad
dle and trailing in his wake the feather
weighted Step Around. At the first turn
Burk on Hagerdon cut across from the
outside, almost causing an accident and
nearly turning- Horatius around.i But for
this, the finish might have been an inter
esting one. Burk was^flned $25 for rough
riding.
Nellie May, a 3 to 1 chance with
Howson on her back, took the first run
ning event, a five furlong- dash. The mare
passed Miss Dividend in the run home and
In a hard drive lasted just long enough
to beat the favorite, Blondura, a head.
SACRAMENTO, Sept. 10.— Thl3 was
Governor's day at Agricultural Park, and
although the weather was oppressively
warm, the temperature making the grand
stand about as comfortable as the hot
room In a Hammam bath, the attendance
was 'the largest of the meeting. Gov
ernor Pardee and staff were present, his
Excellency viewing several of the events
from the Judges' stand as the guest of the
track officials.
The programme was an excellent one,
comprising one harness and eight running
events. Of this number live choices were
returned first. Dlvina decamped with the
mile handily, tripping off the distance In
1:39 flat. Instructor won the Stallion
Etakes', the exact value of which had not
been figured out by the society. The Gov
ernor's stake over one and an eighth
miles resulted in a walkover for Grafter.
The lone harness number, the 2:17. trot,
resulted In another victory for Ole. The
bay gelding won a 10 to 5 favorite over his
field and scored In straight heats after
an uninteresting race.
Just an even half dozen 2-j;ear-olds
started for the rich Stallion stakes at six
furlongs, with $1000 added by the society.
Klmwood Farm's entry, Instructor, shoul
dering 118 pounds and which had been
brought on by Owner Charles Boots ex
pressly to start in this race, was always
a Btrong favorite In the betting. .^
H. L. Frank was reported to have been
ailing the nieht before and from 6 to 5
his odds soared to twos. The good looking
Dr. Rowell was third in demand with
bettors. Aftfr a considerable delay Dick
Havey released the barrier with Zenonlan
showing flrsfc^ The outsider led Eva*D
into the streteh, with See, on the favor
ite, only galloping in third place. When
ready See gave Instructor his head and
he romped in first, four lengths in ad
vance of Dr. Rowell and Eva D, in 1:15.
H. L. Frank cut but a small figure. in the
actual running.
JOCKEY B1JE,K IS FINED.
FOURTH RACE— One and an eighth miles,
handicap:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. «i Fin.
Even — Fonsoluca. 102 (Hoffler). 12 11
3 to 2— Ancke. 100 (Robblns) 3 129
9 to 2— Louisville. OS (H.Philips) 2 3 3
Time, 2:01 4-5. Start -cood. Won pasily.
Winner, J. W. Pugh"s ch. g. by Fon?o-Uieasta.
FIFTH RACE— Mile, purse:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
7 to fi — Hindus. Ill (Adkino) 3 2 11
3 to 1— The Uon. 06 (Robblns)... 4 12 4
3 to 1— Lady Jocelyn. 89 (Wilson) 2 4 3 h
Time, 1:48 2-5. Start good. Won easily.
Winner. L. Jones' b. g. by Volante-Icnite. To
ledo S2, Charlie Thompson 106, also ran.
SIXTH RACE — One and a. half miles, sell-
B"tting Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. »i Fin.
4 to 5— Lille Elkln. 101 (H.Phlps) 6 2 12^
50 to 1— Learoyd, 09 <S. Bonner). 4 12 7
10 to 1— Moor, 100 (Ferrell) 2 4 32
Time. 2:4S 3-5. Start fair. Won easily.
Winner. J. Arthur's ch. g. by I-amplIghter-
Emraa Pickwick. Wing Dan-e 105, Miss IJza
100. Compass W, Marion Lynch 101, False
Lead 1"6, also ran.
Time. :OO 3-5. Start fair. Won In & canter.
Winner, J. F. Newman's gx. g. by Rancocas-
Faithless. Major Pelham Jl", Blumenthal 115,
also ran.
THIRD RACE— Four furiones, Sapling
¦takes:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey., St. *i Fin.
Even— Don Domo. 115 (Ferrell). 5 1 1 2>4
6 to 1— Copprflcld. US KKnighO S 5 2 5
S to 1 — Touchstone. 115 (P.Bonnr) 4 2 3 3
SECOND RACE — Six furlongs.. Belling:
netting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. »; Fin.
» to f> — Muresea. 104 (II. Phillips) 4 112
a to 1— Albemarle. 99 (S. Bonner) 3 2 2 2
9 to 2— Rag Tag, 110 (Otis) 1 5 :t 2
Time, 1:18 2-5. Start cood. Won easily.
Winner. M. D. Miller's br. f. by Prestonpans-
Mura. Vestry 04, Bensonhurst lf>3. Mayor
Johnson 1C5. Lady Chariot JK). Mocorfto 100, Joe
Goes 100. Iw.ima lOO. also ran.
Time, 1:0* L'-5. Start good. Won easily.
Winner. S. C. Hlldreth's ch. f. by Knight of
the Thii--tle-Onoma. Hoceo i»3. Fox I>ake loa.
Soldier of Fortune 108, Voila 100, Chockayotte
Hi2, Darro US. Requlmis 103. Lawndale 106, Eu
genia B 100. Trapsetter !»G, Ogwai US. also ran.
FIRST RACE— Five furlongs, Bellins:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St.,% Fin.
7 to 6— Cognomen, US (Wilson).. 1 n 1 3
7 t<» 1— Ml?s Mollle, »:: (H.Phllps) 2 :» 2 2%
5o to 1 —^haitan. 101 (Robbing) 7 5 3 h
CHICAGO, Sept. 10— Don Domo, the
"gray streak," matie it four straight vic
tories to his credit when he annexed the
Sapling stakes at Harlem to-day, thereby
adding $2035 more to the bank account of
his owner. J. li. Respesa" Copperfleld.
for which he paid $8000, finished second
and Touchstone third. Among some the
opinion prevailed that Don Domo could
not run in the mud. This idea was cer
tainly abandoned aTter his showing to
day. The gelding broke a bad last, but
being on the outside, he ran past his
tield as though all were tied. When lined
for home he had a lead of five lengths
and .Terrell then took his time, the gray
2-year-old winning utiextended by two
and a half lengths.
The track was sloppy, growing heavier
as it was out up by the horses. Favorites
won In every race and the talent had
the bookies on the run. The weather was
clear and cool and a large crowd was at
tracted to the course by the good card.
Summary:
Special Dlrpatch to The Call.
SECOND RACE— Selling; for all ages; mile:
IVltinR. Horse. Weight Jockey. St. \ ,F1n.
«; to r»— Jocund. S4 (A Brer.nan).. 2-113
IS to S — Moharib 84 (Reed) 5 3 2 1*4
4 to 1 — Race King. 91 «O"Brien). 1 2 3 15
Time. 1 :U8 2-5. Start good. Won easily.
V\'inn*r. J A. Drake's ch. c. by Mlrthful-
Klower Dellls. Adlos 104. Mohican SS, also
tan.
In th« first race to-day J. B. Haggin
.supplied the surprise, his brown colt. Os
trich, by Order-Plumage, winning at 50
The weather was cool and cloudy and
the track fast. Summary:
FIRST RACE: — Belling; maiden two-year
olds; five and a half furlongs of Futurity
course :
Betting. Horse. Weight Jockey. St. «; Fin.
M to 1 — Ostrich, 112 (Gray) 3 4 12
«: to 1— Eagle 106 margins) 4 3 2 h
3 to 1 — Rob Roy. 10H <J. Martin). 6 13 l'j
Time. 1 :OS. Start poor. Won driving.
¦Winner. J. B. Hag^ln's b. c. by Order-Plu
mage. Purple Iris KM. Huapala 105. Oradel
1ft4, Carmcllta f» San Kerns 99, Gananogue
106 Belle of Bellemeade 104, Telephone 102.
Highwind W3. Kfd Light 106. Flag Officer
107 Oriel 110 I>>nnelly WI Miss Melton »4.
Dukedom 10«. Ostle 106, Hylas 1O4. Fernrock
102. al?o ran. ; ¦ ';
SHEEPSHEAD BAY. Sept. 10.— Leonora
Loring is one of the fastest mares in
training, but she can stop a? quickly as
anything in training, too. This was dem
onstrated In the Flight stakes at Sheeps
head Bay to-tlay, when sho won by only
.-i length- under Red fern's most vigorous
riding. Young Henry's rush through the
stretch was inspiring to those who admire
pameners in a racer and It was a lucky
thing for Leonora Loring that the tlnish
was so rlose at hand. The stake waa
worth $3725 to the winner. The time niade
by Leonora Loring. 1:221-6. over the
straight seven forlongs of the Futurity
course, is not a record, but it is very close
to it. Mr. Whitney won the Flight -takes
last year also.
J?pecUl Dispatch to The CalL
By the New York Telegraph.
First race — Rejoice, Behoove,
•Whiten.
Second race — Lady Fonso, Haven
Run, Bride.
Third race — Aules, Mallory,"Worth
ington.
Fourth race — Optional, Frank Bell,
Orleans.
Fifth race—Walnut Hill, Falk
land, Foliea Bergeres.
Sixth race — Echodale, Exapo, KTev
ersuch.
DELMAR SELECTIONS.
Sixth race, one and a sixteenth miles. Bell-
Ins — Galiot 93. Kentucky Cardinal 104, Hu
cena 102, Xilgar 103. Peat 103. Exapo 00, Echo
dale 110, Heglra 92. Larry Wilt 106 Xever
s>uch 96. Dr. Hart 108, El Caney 106, Welch
Girl 107.
Fifth race, six furlongs, purse — Falkland 108,
Atlas 105, Walnut Hill 103, Town Moor 103
Follies Benreres 105.
Fourth race, six furlongrs, handicap, purse —
Alfio 97. Barkelmore BO. Frank Bell 116. Op
tional — , Mlmo 95, oneans 03, Kindred 114.
First race, six furlongs — Duke Dashaway 07,
Howard P 97, Ruralist 97, Tambourine Girl 97,
Creseerton 105. Second Mate 105, Escanaba 97,
Whiten 97, Seal Skin 102, Rejoice 97, Wilhel
mlna 102, Behove 102.
Second race, five and a. half furlones, sell
ing — Lona S 95, Oro McKlnney 106. Lady Fonso
1O:». Henry Luehrman Jr 98. Jessie "VVeller 93,
Athena 104. Haven Run 106. Thales OS, Spen
cerian 93, Oanosa 05. Bird Pond 98, Perla 101,
Bride 100, Fjeebom 103.
Third race, one mile, purse— Peter Duryea
100, Aules 97, Golden Glitter 102, Worthing
ton 102. Mallory 100.
ST. LOUIS/ Sept. 10. — E>elmar entries:
DELMAR ENTRIES.
Time, 2:o8. Start pood. Won easily. Winner.
C. E. Burnett & Co.'s br. m. by Chatham-Blue
Vail. Peat 104. Larry Wilt 104, Chickasha 86.
Satin Coat 99. The Way 107. Dawson 101, Gin.
epray 104, Pay tlie Fiddler 101, also ran.
SIXTH RACE — One and an eighth miles,
selling:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. «i Fin.
7 to 1— Brown Vail. 96 (LIvngstn) 3 116
12 to 1— Ken. Cardinal, 08 (Austin)ll 5 2 5
30 to 1 — Little Lois. 99 (Shea) 6 2 3 5
FIFTH RACE— Six and a half furlongs,
puree: •&
Betting. Horse. .Weight. Jockey. St. »i Fin.
7 to 1— Dotty Shute. 97 (Shea}.... 2 3 17
7 to 2— Worthington, 97 (Boyd)... 3 2 2 1
4 to 1— Dave Sommers, 102 (Smith) 5 4 3 2
Time, 1:31. Btart good. Won easily. Winner,
II. Pechman & Co.'s b. f .by Longflsh-Freddle.
Nearest 97. Tom Crabb 97, Blsuka 07, Tom
Collins 1O5, also ran.
FOURTH RACE— Seven furlongs, handicap:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. *i Fin.
0 to 6 — Old Stone. 103 (Austin) . . 2 1 13.
12 to 1 — Wenrick, 83 (Perkins) 4 3 2 6
15 to 1 — Wigwam, 89 (Boyd) 1 6 3 S
Time, 1:39. Start good. Won easily. Winner,
W. P. Mattingly's b. c. by Sykeston-Whlte
Wings. Lcrd Hermence 102, Imboden 108, Dr.
Cartledge 07, also ran.
THIRD RACE— Six furlones, selling:
Betting. • Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
» to 5— Ailyar. 10S (Louden) 4 1 In
0 to 1— Rusaellton, 109 (Calvit)... 3 8 2 5
15 to ]— ICliza Cook, 105 (Smith).. 2 2 3 5
Time, 1:22. Start good. Won driving-. Win
ner, T. R. Madden's b. h. by Hlmyar-Aileen
Aroon. Branch 105, Ciales 10!>. Countess Clara
100, One More 100, Broodier 10H, Giraldo 108,
also ran.
SECOND RACE— Five furlongs, gelling:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. «i Flm
2 to 1— Leech, 118 <Sheehan) 2 118
4 to 1 — Caybon, 115 (Watson) 7 3 2 4
4 to 1— Capitol, 115 (Birkenruth).. 8 7 3 1V4
Time. 1:10. Start goofl. Won easily. Winner,
J. C. (Jhio'B ch. c. by Prince of Monaco-Willy
Howard. Alcom It 110, I'onchartrain 113.
Swf-etnote 113, Little Pirate 118, Thales IIS,
also ran.
Time, 1:28. Start reifect. Won easily. Win
ner, J. A. Murphy's br. m. by Uramble-Cale
donla. Kleanor Howard 1OO, Fon Spray 105,
Krisco Ben 107, Peter Duryea 10!*, Golden Me
dium 104, Whitmore 105, Quaker 104, Felton
loo, also ran.
FIRST RACE— Six rurlones. selling-:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. *i FJn.
5 to 1— Algaretta, 105 (McCarthy). 3 1 1 lU
6 to 1— Aline S. H.K> (Hybee) 4 2 28
0 to 1— Loca, D5 (Shea) 6 6 3 1
ST. LOUIS, Sept. 10.— Although the
weather was cloudy and threatening and
the track was sloppy, a large crowd wit
nessed the races at Delmar Park this af
ternoon. Old Stone, heavily played at 9 to
5, won the feature event, a handicap at
seven furlongs, lie jumped Into the lead
as • soon as the barrier arose and was
never headed. Imboden, favorite at 7 to
5, could not get out of his own way ana
¦was disgracefully beaten. Summary:
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Five Choices Justify the
Confidence of Their
Backers.
Ostrich, a Haggin Colt, Win3
at Odds of 50 to 1 at
Sheepshead.
Handicap Event Goes to the
Heavily Backed Old
Stone.
Talent Plays Dopey Ball as
Soon as the Run-Getting
. Starts.
Victories of Six i Successive
Favorites Sadden the
Bookmakers.
Hits, Errors and Bad
Decisions Numerous
; Throughout.
Mare Lasts Just Long
Enough to Capture
Stakes.
Boots' Instructor Romps
Home First at Sac
ramento.
Gray Colt Easily Wins
Sapling Stakes at
Harlem.
Delmar Favorite Lacks
Speed at Every
Stage.
SON OF BRUTUS
A STAKE WINNER
IMBODEN RUNS
WRETCHED RACE
LEONORA LORING
FIRST IN FLIGHT
CRIPPLES WIN
A WEIRD GAME
ONLY A GALLOP
FOR DON DOMO
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, SEPTEMBER 11. 1903.
SPORTS OF THE RACETRACK, THE FIELD AND THE PRIZE RING
Judges to j£eet at Seattle.
Judge W. W. Morrow of the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals left last
evening with Mrs. Morrow to attend the
session of the court at Seattle. They
were accompanied by Frank D. Monck
ton, clerk of the court. United States
Circuit Judge Eraklne M. Ross of Los An
geles left this city last "Wednesday even-
Ing for the same destination. They will
be .met at Seattle by United States Cir
cuit Judje William B. Gtlb«rt of Port
land. Or. The United States Circuit Court
of Appeals will open Its session at Seat
tle next Monday and at Portland on
the 21st.
OAKLAND, Sept, 10.— Mrs. Katherine
Kergan, wife of Dr. W. W. Kergan,
who was shot last nlghtih San Francis
co by C. T. Hubbard ,« was reported as
resting fairly well to-day at her residence.
957 Eighth street. Dr. Kergan and Dr.
A. S. Larkey have found that the pistol
bullet is lodged deeply In the thigh.
The case of C. T. Hubbard, telegraph
operator at Selma charged with assault to
murder was called in Police Judge\aba
niss' court yesterday. The defendant was
instructed as to his rights and the case
was continued till 'Monday. No com
plaint has yet been sworn to. Hubbard
fired a shot at a man who, he says, as
saulted him. on Market street opposite
Grant avenue Wednesday night and the
bullet struck Mrs. Catherine Kergan wife
of Dr. W. W. Kergan. of 957 Eighth street.
Oakland, who was standing on Market
street with her husband waiting for a
car to take her to the ferry.
No Complaint Against Hubbard.
Major Devo^ chief quartermaster, has
been ordered 'by General MacArthur to
proceed to Ord Barracks. Monterey, for
the purposo of inspecting: the cantonment
barracks at that station. Word was re
ceived at army headauarters yesterday
that f'a transport Thomas had arrived at
Honolulu en route to Manila via Guam.
Twelve second lieutenants recently gradu
ated from West Point registered at head
quarters yesterday. They have received
orders to join regiments on duty In tha
Philippines.
News in Army Circles.
The following suits for divorce were
filed yesterday: Dora A. Roath wants to
be divorced from J. N. Roath on the
ground of desertion. Brnest F. Furman
wants his marriage ties dissolved from
Martha P. Furman, also alleging deser
tion.
Laura H. Baker was granted a divorce
from Henry E. Baker on the grounds of
infidelity. Baker is owner of the An
sonia apartments . and other lodging
houses. Mrs. Baker,"^in her complaint,
named Georgie Detiviler as co-respond
ent. Her claims for alimony were set
tled privately out of court.
Elizabeth F. Spellman was granted a
divorce from Daniel J. Spellman for neg
lect. Marie Dremam gained her freedom
from Andreas Dremam on the grounds of
extreme cruelty.
Hans G. Kuh>, in his reply to the com
plaint of Helen Kuhl asking for a divorce
from him, denies each and all of the alle
gations enumerated in her complaint. He
denies that he deserted her on May 13,
1896, but charges that on the contrary her
abuse drove him from home. He denies
he ever called her names or assaulted
her.
*He alleges that she used vile langauge
to him and among other things called
him a "Dutchrkan" and a. "loafer" and
went so far as to threaten to blow his
brains out. She gave him no rest or
peace at all and her treatment caused
him great mental and physical pain, ac
cording to the answer. He asserts she
should not be entitled to alimony or fees
of any sort.
SAYS HIS WIFE'S ABUSE
CAUSED HIM GREAT PAIN
The players are Newton, Hughes and
Corbett. awarded to Brooklyn; Dundon
and Jones, to the Chicago American
League, and Hlckey. to the Cleveland
American League.
Another meeting- will be held to-mor
row, when the agreement will be ratified.
8
¦J AJV^BTISEJOaJTS.
ITO BE HAPPYf
% s~*-\&^^ f ee l you^g again, to realize *
S *^ c joyous sparkle of nerve life as it o
g \f *» ig^.j^rajfe«^ v v^ infuses the body with its glowing **
O. fe -^-v fegrv/ _^ >3§i*fe S \ v ' ta '' ty ' to ' ec ' tne magnetic enthti- $
Sjj siasm of youthful energy; to be i$
V> * ' ' &»&&r happy, light-hearted and full of «
O v^ ' $3i^ joyous impulses; to be free from §
P. 43 S^ -*\ • * I? J5«**s>*. spells . of despondency, from brain 1?
jQ: JffiBfa@ik>\\^f /* -'ffiytSra^^ wandering, from the dull, stupid <$.
O fjfigWBSffi feeling; to have confidence, self- O
3 aB^^^^^M^ki^^^^fA. c steem and the admiration of men £
0 itBPm^7^¥^^^ff^^^SSS^9 and women! Such is the wish of the X
<5> WKMS^flB^^^^^K^ ' "* broken-down man, and it may be O
8 Weak Men Can Be Cured. I
S ThOFe who are "only half m«n" can be made the most perfect specimens of phy- P
O sical manhood by wearinjr Dr. McLauKhlin 1 * Electric B«lt. It is worn for six or O
O eight hours daily, mostly during sleep. It pours a glowing stream of electric En- 3
Q - ergry Into the weakened nerves, filling them with the visor of youth. From the first Jf
W day a new spirit of manhood is felt in ihe veins, the Joyous ambition of youth *
» springs forth, and you are a man amo.ij men. 06
1 DR. MCLAUGHLIN'S ELECTRIC BELT g
<O> has niade thousands of homes happy. ¦ It Is as good for women as for men. Man and A
w wife can ose the same belt. The regulator makes it strong or mild to suit the ¦*
X wearer. It Is the only EUctrlc Belt In the world that can be regulated while on the *
» body. You feel the power" but It does not Durn or blister as do the old style bare V
V, metal electrode belts. If you are weak or in pain It will cure you. Will you try it? §
Q KEARNEY PARK, FRESNO, Cal. O
g Dr. McLaughlln — Dear Sir: Your letter is at-hand..and In reply win say that ©
W your treatment has done more for me then I ever expected. I have been !n bad 'o
O health for the last twelve years, trying everything I could think of without obtaining <3
ft the least relief. Now I consider myself entirely cured. I used to be weak and full A
K of pain; now I am strong and healthy. I shall be glad to answer any questions in A
O * r^S^rd to the merits of the treatment. Yours very truly. B. CAVALLI • S
» I -give a test frre to all who call. If. you can't call, I will send you my beau- P
A' tiful illustrated book with full Information free. Call or write now. Don't delay &
I Dr. M. C. McLaughlin, 90i , ».L :: 1
8 Office Hours— 8 a. m. to 8 p. m.; Sundays, 10 to 1. * " 2Music at Trinity Church.
Mr. Eaton will resume the series of
organ recitals at Trinity Church, corner
Gough and Bush streets, next> Thursday
evening at 8 o'clock. The following pro
gramme will be rendered: Fugue In G ma
jor, Book IX (Bach); concert overture in
E flat (Faulkes); 7th Sonata, new, (Guil
mant); caprice (Wolstenholme); overture,
"Tannhauser" (Wagner). :
Late Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED.
Thursday, September 10.
Br stmr Chlngr Wo. Parkinson, 29 days from
Hongrkong, via Yokohama 17 days 16 hours.
Schr Emma Utter, Allen, 4 days from Coos
Bay. '
Schr Jas H Bruce, Swanson, 6 days from
Graya Harbor. • . -.;
t , DOMESTIC PORTS.' "-•'..-•
LIVERPOOL,— Sailed Sept 10— Stmr Bava
rian, for Montreal.
LONDON— Sailed Sept 10— Stmr Hibernian,
for Montreal.
Contradicts a Policeman.
William Smith, a bricklayer, living on
Washington street, appeared before Po
lice Judge Cabaniss yesterday on a
charge of having lottery tickets In his
possession. Policeman Robl of the China
town squad testified that he saw Smith
come out of a lottery place at Clajr and
Dupont streets and when Robl approach
ed him he threw a ticket away which
was produced In court. Smith denied
solemnly that he ever was in a lottery
place In his life or ever bought a lottery
ticket. He said he was standing at Clay
and Dupont streets wjalting for a car
when the officer arrested him. The tick
et produced had the day, month and year
stamped upon it, which was never heard
of in connection with Chinese tickets, and
the Judge dismissed the case. Smith's
attorney Intimated that the matter would
be taken before the Police Commission
era.
TACOMA, Wash.. Sept. 10. — The transport
Dix arrived this morning from Manila two
day^ ahead j of her expected time. . She has
2000 tons of products and material for display
at the St. Louis Exposition. \
More Chinese Frauds.
Seventeen Chinese laborers just return
ing from the Alaska fisheries were arrest
ed by the United States Marshal yester
day on warrants sworn to by United
States Attorney Marshal B. Woodworth
on a charge of using fraudulent Chi
nese certificates. Two of the papers were
section 6 students' certificates obtained in
China by the holders by means of fraud
and '; misrepresentation. The remainder
were genuine Certificates of residence and
had been made fraudulent by the substi
tution of the photographs of the holders
for those of the original and rightful own
ers. If convicted and sent to jail, all the
prisoners will be deported to China, at the
termination of their sentences, and if
acquitted they will be deported for. being
illegally, in the countrjr, -
SANTA FE. ,N. M.. Sept. 10. — Grasshoppers
have destroyed the crops of the PIcurts Indians
in Taos County and the Government will have
to help them over the winter and supply them
with seed grain next spring '-,..-,.-
• DEADWOOD. S. D-. Sept. 10.— The Ameri
can Mining Congress held no session* to-day.
ihi« belnx a day eet apart to allow the visit
ore to make excursions to different places of
interest In the vicinity and to inspect the
many important mines and mine plant*.
The latest researches of science indicate
that we are on the threshold of marvel
ous discoveries in the realm of nature's
finer forces. That there is an invisible
world about us, from which come all our
coarEer.substances, is an hypothesis that
has been pretty well established. Dr.
Mclvor-Tyndall, in his psychic demon
strations at Stelnway Hall, works out
this scientific theory In a practical, in
structive and entertaining way. There
is nothing of the magical about Dr. Mc-
Ivor-Tyndall's experiments. They but
prove the hypothesis lately accepted by
science, of the power of thought as an
electrical force. At Stelnway Hall, Sun
day evening. Dr. Mclvor-Tyndall will
demonstrate this marvelous invisible
force by experiments in psychic phenom
ena. The subject of the lecture, preced
ing the experiments, will be "Divorce: Its
Relation to Psychology." Reserved seat
sale opens this morning at "That Man
Pitts." 100S Market street. A crowded
house Is assured.
Dr. Mclvor-Tyndall's Lecture.
The Secretarj* of State has directed the
Collector of Customs to recognize Etienn©
Marie Louis Lanel as Consul General for
France at the port of San Francisco.
Consul Lanel will have Jurisdiction over
California. Idaho, Nevada, Utah, Wash
ington, Alaska and Arizona,
New Consul for France.
Company L, League of the Cross
Cadets, will give an entertainment and
dance next Wednesday evenlng4 Septem
ber 16, at Findlay's Hall, Seventeenth and
Valencia streets. The proceeds of tho
show will go to the uniform fund of the
company. An Interesting programme Is
promised by the committee in charge,
consisting of Lieutenant Garrett Sears,
Sergeants H. Spring and H. Korn, Cor
porals J. O'Donnell, William J. Brann and
Ed Hubber.
Cadets Will Entertain.
Richard Eccleston, statistician for the
United States Immigrant Bureau in this
city, makes the following report of im
migrants arrived at this port during Au
gust: Total arrivals, 223, of which 407 were
tourists and 616 Immigrants. The immi
grants were of the following nationalities:
English, 210; Japanese, 96; Mexican, 40;
German, 31; Scandinavian, 16; Spanish-
American, 12; French, 10; Scotch and
Filipino, 9 each; West Indian, 7. The oc
cupations were: Merchants (including
Chinese). SS6; no occupation (including:
women and children), 227; mariners, 49;
farmers, 16; engineers, 12; laborers, 11;
clerks, 10; carpenters, 8; physicians, 7;
clergymen, 5; teachers, actors, machin
ists and hotel-keepers, 4 each; miners and
butchers, 2 each. The total number of
Chinese landed during July and August
was 316. ':-.-¦
Immigrants During August
Loretta E. Brady has commenced suit
against the United Railroads of San
Francisco for $10,350 for damages she al
leges she received while riding on the
cars of that company on last Decoration
day. She states she was on the Haight
street cable car when It came in col
lision with the Fillmore street electric
car. In the smashup she claims to have
been pitched through a window and se
verely cut, bruised and wounded. Be
sides the bodily injury she was greatly
upset mentally and received a terrible
nervous shock from which she has not
recovered yet.
Brings Suit for Heavy Damages.
Lieutenant U. S. Grant, grandson of
General U. S. Grant, is at the Palace. He
is enroute to the Philippines, where fie
will join his regiment. He is a recent
graduate of West Point Academy.
The late General Grant In a dying re
quest to the nation asked that in recog
nition for his cervices to his country his
grandson who bore his name should be
cdmitted to the army as a soldier. Tno
request .has been fulfilled and Grant, be
sides being a handsome young fellow,
promises to become a distinguished sol
dier.
Recently Graduated^ Cadet of West
Foint Awaits Transport for
the Philippines.
GEN. GRANT'S GRANDSON
ARRIVES IN THE' CITY
OAKLAND. Sept. 10.— The following
marriage licenses were issued by the
County Clerk to-day: Frank Antonuccio,
23 Fruitvale, and Jennie Rublno, IS, Oak
land; Charles R. Goddard, 27, and Marie
Merir.gr. 36 both of San Francisco; Harry
A. Waite, 22. and Lillis E. Smith, 27, both
of Oakland; William Gerow, C2, and Dawn
P. Alden, 22, both of Lafayette; Antone S.
Phillips. 25, and Nessle L. Lebon, 23, both
of San Leandro: Soren A, Black, 67, LJv
ermore, and Maria McKee, 64. Oakland;
Audley Inpersoll. 22. and Pearl K. Nicker
pen, 19. both of Oakland; Joseph M. Flint,
21, and Anna D. Apperseon, 25, both of
San Francisco.
Marriage Licenses.
Nathan came to San Francisco from
London, England, in 1S49, and in 1S50 join
ed with a little band of fellow religion
ists in founding what Is now known as
the Congregation Beth Israel. He was
elected one of the trustees for the first
term and had always taken an active
interest in the affairs of the synagogue.
He was well known in the mercantile
world, but for the last five years had been
seldom seen on this side of the bay. Hia
health broke down and five years ago
his doctor ordered him to San Rafael,
where he resided, more or less of an In
valid, until his death. He was a bache
lor. His only surviving relatives are a
sister, Mrs. Sarah Goldwater of this city,
and a nephew, Marcus Tash of the firm
ot* Baur Brothers & Co.
Isaac M. Nathan, the last surviving
charter member of the first Jewish syna
gogue founded in this city, died yesterday
at San Rafael. He will be buried to-day
in Hills of Eternity Cemetery under the
auspices of Fidelity Lodge No. 120, F. and
A. M.
Isaac M. Nathan, Who Founded^ Syn
agogue of Beth Israel, Dies
at San Rafael.
LAST SURVIVOR OF FIRST
JEWISH CONGREGATION"
NEW YORK, Sept. lO.-The following
Californians are in New York. From San
Francisco: C. L. Ackerman, at the Hol
land; J. Barth at, the Hotel Savoy; J. Ne
cordy and wife, at the Grand Union; Mrs.
K. B. Davis, at the Park Avenue: A. P.
Epstein, at the Hotel Savoy; W. Miller,
Mrs. H. S. Mitchell, Miss S. Rothwell and
Mrs. K. Rothwell, at the Cosmopolitan;
M. Schwartz. A. T. Bogart, Miss A. W.
Bogart, and Miss G. Marshall, at the Gil
sey House; and W. R. Douglas, at the
Victoria.
From San Jose: S. B. Bogart, at the
Gllsey.
From Los Angeles: G. L. Cole, at the
Navarre; W. H. Whitesell, at the Cosmo
politan.
From Ross: J. C. Kittle, at the Manhat
tan.
From Redlands: W. A. Nichols at the
Manhattan.
Californians in New York.
Fourteen Civil Engineers Wanted.
The United States Civil Service Com
mission announces an examination on
September 25 for the position of civil en
gineer, Philippine service, to fill fourteen
vacancies at salaries ranging from J1400
to J1S00 per annum. Age limit, 13 to 40
years. Persons who desire to compete
should apply to the United States Civil
Service Commission, Washington. D. C.
for application forms 2 and 375. which
should be properly executed and filed with
the commission at Washington. Persons
unable to file their formal applications
and who notify the commission of this
fact, either by letter or telegram, with
the request that they be permitted to
take the examination, will be examined,
provided their requests are received by
the commission In sufficient time to ship
examination papers.
Fred XV. Foley (owner) with W. H. Han
chett (contractor and architect) — All work for
a one and a half story frame cottage on S Una
of California street South, 107:6 W of Fourth
avenue. W 25 by 100: $2000.
Mary A. Burke (owner) with J. Frank Ball
(contractor), architect . all work for a two
story frame buildlns on E line of Seventeenth
avenue, 200 N of I street. N 25 by E 120. out
side lands C37; $3250.
Antonio S. Martlnho (owner) with Theo S.
Holn (contractor), architect Charles J. Rous
seau — All work for a two-story and basement
frame building on N line of Union street. 112:6
E of Steiner. E 25 by N 137:6. Western Addi
tion 344; $5700.
Charles E. Harriman to Edward D. Oakley,
lot on N line of Twenty-second street, 101:10 E
of Sanchez. E B0:ll by N 114; $10.
Edward Loefflcr to Margaretha Loeffler, un
divided V, of lot on N line of Ford street, 275
W of Sanchez. W 25 by N 114; gift.
Fannie J. Black to Leonllda Moscone and
Louisa Bertonazzi. lot on N line of Vallejo
street. 1S1:6 E of Taylor. E 22 by N 137:6;
$10.
David Hearfleld and WlUlam D. Bannister
to William H. Crocker, lot on SE line of
Brannan street. 412:6 SW of Second SW
132:6 SE 137:6. SW 5. SE 137:6 NE 137:6.
NW 275; $10.
Emma V. Johnson to G. M. Freeman lot on
SE line of Shipley (Louisa) street. 362:11 NE
of Fourth, NE 40:5 by SE 69. quitclaim deed;
$5.
Herbert C. Sawyer to Pacific Improvement
Company, lot on W line of Illinois street, 50
S of Napa. S 25 by XV 100; also lot on W lln«
of Illinois street, 100 S of Napa. S 25 by W
100. quitclaim deed; $5.
City and County of San Francisco to same,
lot on SE corner of Nineteenth and Kentucky
streets, S 205 by E 100; $ .
Sarah M. and Henry . Z. Jones to J. W.
Wright & Sons'. Investment' Company, lot on
W line of Forty-seventh avenue, 200 S of T
street, 3 25 by W 120; $10.
Peter A. Carstensen to Peter A. Smith lot
8 block A. Park Hill Homestead Association
No. 2; $10.
Arthur McCann to Catherine A. McCann
(wire of Michael), lots 62 and 64, Holliday
map A; $10.
* Builders' Contracts.
Theodor and Minna Dellwig to Nathan and
Solomon Bibo, lot on E line of Polk street,
W.ii% N of Jackson, N 31:5Va by E 47:0: $10.
Victor and Hanna Stanqulst to Charlotte E.
Payne (wife of Clyde S.). lot on S line of
Union street, 8a :0 E of Steiner, E 25 by S 100;
?10.
Hulda E. and Charles Floodberg to Patrick
F. Fenn, lot on N line of Waller street, 81:3 E
of Stciner. E 25 by N 120; *10.
W. S. and Emma F. Upham to Henry Lem
rer, lot on N line of Pine street, 87 :« XV of
Pierce, W 42 by N 137:0; $10.
Charlotte and Edward O'Malley (or Malley)
to City Truat, Safe Deposit and Surety Com
pany, lot on E line of~i.yon St., 82:6 S of
Greenwich, S 55:1. E 110:3%, N 55:1, W
108:3V4; also lot on NE corner of Lyon and
Filbert streets. N 55:1. E 113:3%. S 55:1. W to
beginning; also lot on NW corner of Filbert
and Baker street, N 50 by W 100; also lot on
W line of Baker street, 50 S of Greenwich. S
150 by W HJO; also lot on S line of Greenwich
street, 100 W of Baker. W 50 by S W7:6; also
lot on S line of Greenwich street, 150 W of
Baker. W 50 by S 137:6; $10.
Daniel Einstein to Harry W. Bemheim, lot
on N line of Pine street. 130 XV of Lyon, W
31:2. NE 100:3%.. E 23:3H. S 100; $10.
Frederick Kronenberg to William A. Schultz,
lot on E line of Walnut street. C2:8V4 N of Sac
ramento, N 25 by E 87:6; $10.
James O'Brien to Theresa O'Brien, lot on N
line of Elliot Park. 528 W of Steiner, W 22 by
N 70; gift.
Mary E. Lawler to William H. and Florence
M. Edwards lot on N line of Twenty-sefcond
street 72:6 'W of Harrison. W 25 by N 95;
$10. !
James F. Leahy to Arthur Warren, lot on
E line of San Carlos avenue. 238 S of Twen
tieth street. S 22 by E 75; $10.
NEWARK. Bejpt 10.— The Park Hotel,
at the old coursing park, which Is part of
the Fair 'estate, was burned at 4 o'clock
this afternoon. The building contained
twenty rooms and was occupied by a fam
ily named Bell. The furniture was owned
by the Fair estate and so far as is known
there was no insurance.
About two years ago the place was
closed by the Sheriff. There are a gTeat
many stables on the place, but most of
these were saved. The old place Is well
known and for years was a center for
fast horses and dogs.
Property Was Part of the Fair Es
tate and Is a Total
Loss.
OLD PARK HOTEL
AT NEWARK BURNS
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
March. "Southern Sweethearts" (Lee John-
Eon); intermezzo, "Cavallerla RuBtlcana"
(VhFcaKni); selection. "Martha" (Flotow);
waltz song. "My Pauline" (Lee Johnson); In
termezzo. "Anona" (Vivian Gray): quartet,
"Kigoletto" (Verdi): waltr, "Tales from the
Vienna Woods" (Strauss); two-step, "The
Cocko Love Song" (Cole and Johnson Broth
ers); "Danse des Sultanes" (Polak- Daniels) ;
march. •'The Cats' Parade" (Lee Johnson);
••Home, Sweet Home," at 5 p. m. J. P. Stan
ton director.
Golden Gate Park — Dr. Harry Tevis, F. A.
Carlson. E. Leedham, F. A. Miller, R. Lichten
burg. If. Fenton, W. H. Crocker, H. Kettle
well.
The following programme will be ren
dered by the orchestra:
Following is a list of the exhibitors:
Reception — Mrs. O. D. Baldwin, Mrs. E. F.
Adaiaf. lira. E. S. -Crane. Mrs. John Hinkel,
Miss Catherine Hittell, Mrs. E. S. Howard.
Mrs. T. Morris. Mrs. Mary J. Parolini, Mrs.
E. Probert. Mrs. Grace Hlbbard and Miss
Alice Eastwood.
Arrangements — Mr«. J. n. Martin (chair
man), Mrs. A. D. Wheeler (secretary), Mrs.
XV. S. Chandler. R. Lichtenburg.
The California State Floral Society will
hold a complimentary dahlia exhibit at
Elks' Hall, 223 Sutter street, to-day from
12 to 5 p m. Exhibits will have to be in
place by noon. Many of the, most prom
inent cultivators of flowers in the city
will enter in the competition, for which
several valuable trophies will be awarded.
Besides the exhibit there will be a
grand concert by the Naval Training
School band. Addresses will be made by
Professor Emory E. Smith, president of
the California State Floral Society, and
R. Lichtenburg, one of the prominent
members. The following committees will
be in charce:
Excellent Programme Arranged for
Complimentary Show at Elks'
Hall To-Day.
DAHLIA EXHIBIT BY THE
STATE FLORAL SOCIETY
BOSTON, Sept. 11.— Harry Forbes of
Chicago, the ex-bantam-welght champion,
knocked out "Kid" McFadden of San
"Francisco In the tenth round of their
fight before the Tammany Athletic Asso
ciation here. Forbes forced, the fighting
from the start and had all the better of
it. In the tenth round a left to the face
sent McFadden to the floor for a count of
seven. Then he jumped to his feet only
' to be knocked down again by a terrible
left to the jaw and a right -to the stom
ach. Amid wild cheering he staggered to
his feet and raised his hands to defend
himself. Forbes sent him down for the
last time with a fusillade of lefts and
rights.
Kid McFadden Is Knocked Out.
Hunaway Pair From San Leandro
Elude Irate Parent and Marry
in Oakland. %
OAKLAND, Sept. 10.— Miss Inez L. Le
hon and S. Philips, both ol San
Leandro, were married to-day by Justice
t f the Peace Geary, despite the deter
mined opposition of the bride's mother,
v.ho. it is alleged by the young lady, once
succeeded in temporarily breaking off the
match and last night tried by beating the
girl to check her determination to wed.
Wh^n the couple applifd for the mar
riage license, they requested the license
clerk to secure a Justice to marry them
at once, and fifteen minutes afterward
;hey were made one.
Mrs. Lebon. whose husband died last
winter, resides on a small farm near San
Leandro.
The groom is an employe of the Oak
land Transit Consolidated.
COUPLE'S PATH NOT
STREWN WITH ROSES
E. Black Ryan, tax agent of the South
ern Pacific Company, Mrs. Ryan and their
daughter, Miss Daisy Ryan, left last
night on the Southern Pacific overland
for the City of Mexico, where they wiU
enjoy their vacation.
Thomas F. McKay, the widely known
railroad agent of the Orient, is at the
Palace. He is agent In China for the
Union Pacific and the Chicago and North
western. For many years he was con
nected with the Union Pacific local office
in this city.
Dr. J. G. Bailey of Santa Ana, who
has been touring Europe, is at the Pal
ace on his way to his southern home.
Harry Gunnett, connected with the
United States Survey Department, re
turned from Honolulu yesterday and is
at the Occidental.
W. H. Hunt, president of the Inter
national Banking and Trust Company of
New York, who has been making an
extended tour of Mexico, is at the Palace.
Colonel John W. Dorrlngton, a capital
ist, editor and mine owner of Yuma,
Ariz., and one of the leading Republican
politicians in the Territory, is spending
a few weeks in this city.
J. H. Moore, an oil man of Rancoon,
arrived from the Orient yesterday and
is at the Palace. . a
Professor Orris of Princeton University,
who has been touring the world for his
health, Is at the Palace.
George Schonewald, the recently ap
pointed manager of Hotel Coronado, reg
istered at the Palace yesterday, i
Dr. J. Loomls D. Monson of Philadel
phia is at the Palace.
Frank Mattison, an attorney of Santa
Cruz, is at the Grand.
B. V. Sargent of Salinas is among the
arrivals at the Palace.
W. Flnnell, an extensive fruit grower
of Xapa, is at the Palace.
E. S. Moulton, a ¦well-known resident
of Riverside, is at the Palace.
A. H. Hewitt, a merchant of Yuba City,
is among the arrivals at the Lick.
H. E. Ad'ams, manager of the gas light
company at Stockton, is at the Grand.
P. F. "Wood, an oil man of Tulare, is
at the Grand, accompanied by his wife.
Victor H. Wood, State Surveyor, is
down from Sacramento and is at the
Lick.
OAKLAND, Sept. 10.— The value of the
estate left by the late Henry D. Bacon
and the amount of the inheritance re
t t-ived from the estate of her father by
Mrs. Ella Bacon Soule was the subject of
judicial inquiry to-day in the case now
j ending lx-fore Judge Melvln, in which
Professor Frank Soule is petitioning the
court to relieve him of the burden of pay
ing his former wife J75 a month alimony.
Attorneys for Soule introduced the orig
inal appraisement of the estate, which
was valued over ten years ago at $8SS,
023 7S. Mrs. Soule was on the stand the
entire day. She acknowledged that she
had inherited a third of this amount-
Since then it is claimed the property
I-.:-. s greatly enhanced in value. The dif
ferent interests of which the estate is
composed will now be gone into in order
to get at the true value of Mrs. Soule's
Interest.
Professor Soule's Petition to Be Re
lieved of Alimony Necessitates
Going Into Its Affairs.
FINDING OUT VALUE
OF THE BACON ESTATE
CHICO, Sept. 10.— The Admission day
celebration given in honor of the Veteran
Firemen of San Francisco ended to-day
with competitive races among the com
panies of the local Fire Department for
the cup offered by • the veterans. The
same course was run as was used in the
contest of yesterday. The members of
the Veteran Firemen's Association of San
Francisco were much in evidence and
seemed to take the greatest interest in
the results. Engine Company No. 2 won
the first go and without balk or hitch
the team went down the line at a gait
which not only won the local champion
ship but Improved on the record made
yesterday by the department team when
it won the championship of the upper val
ley. They got water in 25*4 seconds. Like
yesterday's contest, the victory was won
by the first team running.
Western made a gallant run, but a small
leak in their hose decreased the speed
of the water and they got water in 30 1-5
seconds. No. 1 made no decided blunders,
but failed to get water under 33 seconds.
Deluge, which has the largest number of
runners in the department team, lost on
fin accident which might have resulted
seriously to one of its members. Harry
Downing in attempting to loosen the cap
from the hyrant, was struck by the hub
of the heavy whel and hurled, stunned
and bruised, ten feet away. This left the
reelman alone and he was unable to make
the connection unaided and threw the
hose down. Downing is thought to be
hurt internally.
Celebration at Cbico Is Concluded
With, a Series of Lively
Contests.
FIREMEN SHOW SPEED
IN COMPETITIVE RACES
PERSONAL MENTION.
In your talk on Thursday will you kindly
suggest to nature's perpetual freshmen of all
classes that this season of the year Is a Rood
one in which to let the football men alone.
The. football men are weary of telling now
they feel and how much they weigh: they are
tired of anawerinsr questions in regard to th«
makeup of the team, and tired to death of
fool advice. They are glad to give their leis
ure to football, but outside of practice th#y
would Ilka to have some time to devote to
themselves and to their work. Next to the
man who offers to "treat" an athlete during
the training season the worst enemy of Stan
ford athletics Is the man who uses up tha
athlete's time and nerves in useless talk.
¦\Ve have In America a kind of college man
who is able to understand life as life. To
this type the Stanford man belongs. It was
the dream of the founders that this univer
sity should 'exist for such men — men of ad
vanced enlightenment and accurate training,
men for leadership in action and leadership
in thought. This ideal is beginning to unfold
Itself. The Stanford man has something that
other men may not have — effectiveness, broad
mindedness, seir-restralnt and the beginning*
of these. Stanford spirit.
President Jordan read and strongly in
dorsed the following letter from a rr.nn
prominently connected with atheletics at
Stanford:
A college would not be worth mucb if It
did not have its student activities, such as
athletics, dramatic* and literary enterprises,
and these must be supported by the students.
About nine girls to one man pass by tho
treasurer without paying their dollar. Women
have too long been admitted free to the Ice
cream parlors to think it necessary to pay
for the support of these legitimate college ac
tivities. Their action in this respect may be
responsible to a larpe degree for the adver*s
criticism of coeducation.
Dr. Jordan then referred to the habit
of some students in falling to support
student body enterprises and to pay their
annual assessments to the treasurer of
the Associated Students and criticized
this action, which Is particularly preva
lent among the women students. He
said: ,
STANFORD UNIVERSITY. Sept. ?0.—
Assembly Hall was crowded to overflow
ing this morning by the students and
faculty assembled to nsten to President
Jordan's address to the freshmen class.
This was the first general assembly cf
the college year and the hail was made
to echo with the familiar songs and >•«!!.<.
Previous to the address by the president.
Instructor Putnam of the English de
partment announced that Charles Froh
man, under the direction of^Ben Grec-t.
would present the Shakespearean play.
"Twelfth Night." on the night of Septem
ber a and "Everyman" the following
night. The productions will be under tha
auspices of the English Club.
President Jordan in giving his annual
address to the freshmen spoke in part as
follows:
You know what I am going to say — the up
per classmen have told you and they are to
help to enforce the lesson. They will tell you
that the university is part of life, that Its
methods are those of life — no statutes set up
for you to break, but when you go wrong you
come into collision with the universe. That
tha few rules exist in the nature of things:
that men who bruik them are not wanted
here, but are "escorted to the edge of the cam
pus^and dropped off." Thi« Is not because
erty Is forbidden by the faculty, but because
drunkards, rowdies, vandals and idlers are not
worth educating, or, at any rate, not worth
education so choice as we try to furnish here.
We do not forbid visiting saloons, but those
who do this will very soon find their work neg
lected and a Uttl« pink card will remind them
that Stanford is only a reminiscence. We do
not go out of our way to forbid hazing, but
you know that we regafri men who use phy
sical force in their trirks on boys as cowards
and sneaks. \V> da not require you to attend
your classes, but those who neglect them are
marked for speedy return to the bosoms ot
their families. The freshman class of this
year has been sifted more closely than any
other I know of here or anywhere else.
Special Dispatch to Tho Call.
She swore positively that she never
went out sleigh riding with Joseph L.
White In New York and never told him
that she knew of the divorce. She fur
ther testified that she never read the
summons or complaint In the divorce pro
ceedings to White's mother.
Both sides rested their case and the
court set next Thursday morning for ar
gument of the case. At the conclusion
of the arguments the case of Jennie
White against the executors of the es
tate of Jonathan Lloyd White will come
up. She alleges In her complaint that
she loaned her husband the sum of $16,300
with which as a basis he accumulated his
large fortune. She now demands the re
turn of this sum with interest.
In order to prove the genuineness of the
signature Theodore F. Kytka, the hand
writing expert, was put on the stand yes
terday morning and gave it as his opin
ion that the signatures were written by
Mrs. White. He based his opinion on ex
emplars furnished him by counsel and on
his sixteen years' experience. Kytka
had large photographs of the signatures
and with these he pointed out the simi
larity in the handwriting.
The attorneys for Mrs. "Whit© deemed it
best not to cross-examine the handwrit
ing expert.
Richard H. Morrison, the executor of
the estate who witnessed the slcnlng of
the paper, was called by the plaintiff for
further cross-examination. Judge Altken
attempted to shake the witness on his
knowledge of New York, but failed. He
also tried to break down Morrison's tes
timony in regard to the signing of the
document, but did not meet with great
success. Morrison proved a shrewd wit
ness and stuck to his original story.
Charles G. Gebhardt, another executor
of the estate, was called to the stand by
the defense and stated that he had, In
company with other executors and of
ficials of the Safe Deposit Company,
opened the lock-box of the deceased and
found a receipt for $6 alleged to have
been signed by the process server who
handed Mrs. Jennie White the summons
and subpena in the divorce case, filed by
deceased a few years before his death.
Mrs. Charlotte McLaughlin of 1954 Bu
chanan street and Mrs. Kmma G. Hart,
living at 1315 Filbert street, were called
by the plaintiff to testify that the repu
tation of Joseph L. White, a brother of
the deceased, was bad. This testimony
was given in order to rebut that given
by White before the commissioner in
New York, when he testified that one
evening he was out riding with Mrs. Jen
nie White and she told him that she no
longer was his sister-in-law, as Lloyd
White had secured a divorce from her.
Mrs. Jennie White took the stand In
her own behalf and admitted that her
signature waa affixed to the receipt for
$1250, but swore she never knew the con
tents of the paper. She says the paper
was signed in the rooms of the Safe De
posit vaults and that it was very dark
In there. She further testified that her
husband handed her a folded paper and
said: "Here, Jenn sign this," and in
obedience to his request she signed the
paper.
On Thursday morning next arguments
will be heard in the White case, which
has been on for hearing before Judge
Troutt during the past two weeks. Both
side*s\have put in all their evidence and
nothing remains but the addresses of the
attorneys in the case.
Up to the time the attorneys for the de
fense brought forth the receipt signed by
Mrs. Jennie White for $1250, the plain
tiff's case had a roseate hue. This re
ceipt Is alleged to have been signed by
Mrs. White in the presence of Richard
H. Morrison, an executor of the estate
of Jonathan Lloyd White, deceased. The
plaintiff was startled, as were her coun
sel, when the attorneys for the defense
sprung the document and Mrs. White
was loud in her denial of having ever
seen the paper.
ALAMEDA, Sept. 10.— There was filed
by City Attorney M. W. Simpson to-day a
demurrer to the petition for an alternate
writ of mandamus obtained by the Board
of Trade to compel the City Trustees to
submit the matter of the disposition of
tha two local railroad franchises to the
voters of Alameda under the referendum
ordinance, jj There is a possibility that if
the demurrer is argued to-morrow the
temporary injunction against the City
Trustees may be>dlssolved before October
2. the time set for reviewing the petition.
It is set forth in the demurrer that the
petition upon which the alternative writ
was issued does not contain sufficient
cause for action and states that the City
Trustees have done nothing either offi
cially or unofficially which would indicate
that the municipal legislators intended to
ignore the request of COO citizojas that the
question of the franchises be submitted
to a popular vote.
Henry Rosentlial. president of the
'Board of Trade, has called a meeting of
that organization, to be held to-morrow
night in room. No. 11 in the Methodist
Church block, for the ostensible purpose
of discussing the existing situation with
respect to the franchises. An Invitation
has also been extended to the public to be
present.
Sandy Ferguson, who is to fight Jack
Johnson at Colma next month, is due
here early next week. He will be taken
In hand by Tim McGrath, who will train
him for the fight at the Beach Tavern.
Billy Wood of Los Angeles offers to
stop Harry Foley and another middle
weight on the same night.
Martin Canole is anxious to come to
this coast and fight any man weighing
from 128 to 133 pounds.
Frank Neil returned from Los Angeles
last night. Ho is anxious to take Young
Corbett's place in the proposed match
with Ben Jordan, the English champion.
Corbett has won considerable money bet
ting on the races and will not talk fight
for the present. Neil's pluck is to be
admired, as he would be giving away from
seven to nine pounds to Jordan. Neil al
lowed De Coursey seven pounds. This
is an object-lesson to the fighters who
haggle over a pound. The Los Angeles
club wants Nell to fight i'eltz or Reagan
next month.
J. E. Cahlll, who is managing George
Fuller, a clever lightweight, is trying
ihard to secure a match for his man. He
offers to fight Billy Otts at 138 pounds at
6 o'clock, but the latter wants to weigh
in at 142 pounds. Fuller also has his
eyes on the winner of the Angeli-Cordell
match. He has had a number of suc
cessful fights. He has boxed with Britt,
Fitzgerald and Gans in training and they
have all complimented him on his clever
ness.
The sporting writers of the Eastern pa
pers are'a unit on the proposition that
Jack Monroe has not a ghost of a chance
with Jeffries. Monroe is also, apparently,
aware of that fact and intends to make
all the money possible out of his^next
ring engagement.
He wants to meet Jeffries in this city,
where he knows the returns will be great
er than in Los Angeles. This is one fight
the men of .this city who enjoy boxing
would not support. No boxing promoter
would have the temerity to try it on tne
public. Here i3 an Eastern writer's esti
mate of Monroe and it is in keeping with
the others:
I saw Monroe tried out after he "got the
decision" over the champion. It was in
Woods' gymnasium with Tom Carey, "The
Jabber," a poor one at beet. Monroe worked
all that was in him. He did not know that
any one was taking notes.
Even Carey raado him look llk« a novice,
and then we — Johnny Mack, now matchmaker
of the Tammany Athletic Club of Boston, and
myself — knew that he wouldn't do in any pre
pared going with Jeffries or any other of the
first-class heavyweights.
Monroe is bit;, strong and young, but he is
slow as molasses in February and doesn't
know enough about the boxing game to last
him ' over night.
He /would not bo a serious proposition for
any of them. ' Fitzslmmons. Corbett. Huhlin,
Martin/ Jack Johnson or Armstrong. He
might pair off with Sharkey. but even the
sailor would whip him.
With the exception of a little testimony
in rebuttal the evidence in the case of i
Victor Walkirez, charged with the mur
der of Elizabeth Leroy, is completed. It
is expected that the arguments will be
gin to-morrow and possibly the case be
submitted by nightfaJl. The accused did
not take the stand.
The day was spent in listening to the
testimony cf Mrs. Fannie Wall and Hat
tie Cochrane, two colored women, who
testified their belief that at times Wal
kirez •was not mentally sound. It was
late this afternoon when the defense
Ftated that it rested its case.
Mrs. Wall, the first witness called to
the stand, stated that she had lived near
the Presidio, in San Francfsco, in 1900
and had met Wilklrez in the general hos
pital there. Later he had called at her
house and at times acted 6trangely.
Hattle Cochrane testified to having
known Walkiroz intimately and while she
would not say that he was crazy she
thought at times he was out of his head.
Sheriff John Bishop was called to show
that he had stopped religious meetings in
il.e County Jail on account of the effect
tiiey had on the prisoner, but the testi
mony was not allowed by the Judge.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
HIS Droadway, Sept. 10.
The intending forester must have a pe
culiar temperament, a sympathy with the
'forest and tree. One of the first qualifi
cations is observation and a facility fe-r
diganosing the case of the tree accurate
ly. The forester must have a thorough
knowledge of forestry measurements and
every forest problem in mathematics. He
must know lumbering, for lumbering is
.even more closely related to forestry than
botany. The essential problem of it all
is the growing and harvesting of the
crops, to know what timber is on the
ground, how fast it is growing, what are
its uses, how it is logged.
It is a profession that requires robust
health, for there is nothing more trying
and Intellectually wearing than forestry.
There is some risk, too, which is to be
measured in proportion to the newness
of the industry and the number of men
In it.
The value of forestry as a profession,
he said, depends on the opportunities
which it offers in a half dozen ways for
the forester to come into touch with the
nation's greatest activities. In order to
be successful in forestry one must not
study it for itself alone, but in cohnec
tion with other things. The student must
know law and commerce and history and
many of the facts affecting the com
mercial elde of the case. Then, after
knowing all these things he must be con
tent with a reasonable salary, which will
not be near as large an income as that
of a successful civil engineer or law
yer.
Mr. Pinchot delivered an address in the
Students' Observatory this afternoon on
"The Study of Forestry as a Profession
Tor Young Men." In this lecture he di
lated upon the more obvious aspects of
forestry as a means of livelihood.
PROFESSION OF FORESTRY.
Still another field of activity is the Philip
pine Islands, where the Government owns
40.000.000 acres of timbered land. The Govern
ment has been trying to get foresters to go to
the Islands, but the demand so far exceeds the
supply that it Is a difficult thing to get men
to go. And since American foresters are de
sired for the work, they must be trained. •
Forestry is a profession for which a highly
specialized training is required and the time
has now come when the trained forester will be
of the most use. The forestry problem on the
Pacific Coast cannot be solved without trained
foretters and they must be Americans who can
deal with on American problem in an Ameri
can way. The need for foresters is perhaps
paramount to the need for forest protection and
that need can only be furnished by men trained
in a regularly established school that in my
opinion should be established somewhere on the
Pacific Coast and In Celifornia,
It is possible by «uch forestration to Increase
the water supply, and where water Is of such
value as it is In this State undoubtedly the
work should be done.
There is always a demand for foresters to
care forv these large areas of wooded lands.
Not only this, but there exists a demand for
foresters who may know how to replant de
nuded lands and to provide for the extension
of the forest where, trees do not now grow.
The amount of standing lumber west of the
Mississippi is about 1.000.000.000,000 feet. Of
this amount there is in California 185.000,000,-
OtO feet; In Washington. 200.000,000,000 feet,
and In Oregon 275.000,000,000 feet, making a
total for the coast of G«o. COO. 000, 000 feet.
STANDING LUMBER.
GifTord Pinchot of the Forestry Bureau,
of the United States Department of Agri
culture advocates a school of forestry
for California In which men can be
trained and sent out Into the forests,
commissioned to save the trees from the
¦wanton destruction of the woodmen's ax
and the fires and to make trees grow
where none grew before.
Mr. Pinchot expressed his opinion this
evening at the University of California,
where lie delivered an address in the
Students' Observatorjv on "A Proposed
P'orest School for California." In all the
wide west, he said, there is no regularly
organized school of forestry, and where
there are such immense numbers of acres
of -woods and such wealthy interests
there should be something of that kind.
California is the best place' for such a
school, which should be for the recep
tion of graduates only, who would be re
quired to undergo at least a two-year
post-graduate course, he said. In his ad
dress Mr. Pinchot showed why there is
such a demand for a school and for
foresters, saying in part:
There is going to be a large demand for for
esters for the foreit reeerves west of the Mis
sissippi and especially on the Pacific Coast.
There are t5O2.O0a.0OO acres of forest reserves
this side of the Mississippi now and the num
ber is being constantly increased. There is
also going to be a demand from the States
for foresters. Applications are being made all
the time at the Bureau jt Forestry in Wash
ington for assistants. The large lumbermen,
too, are working constantly In the direction of
forest preservation and th?y are engaging for
esters for their lands.
214S Center street, Sept. 10.
Berkeley Office San Francisco Call.
He attempted to pick his hat from the
ground without dismounting and the girth
being slack the saddle turned and he was
thrown to the ground, one foot being en
tangled In the stirrup.
Pugh «s an expert rider and had done
this cowboy trick many times. Ho had
been making a tour of Contra Costa and
Alameda counties with Mr. and Mrs.
Ralph Stocker and they were on their
way home between Pleasanton and Dub
lin when a puff of wind blew off Pugh'B
hat. Turning his horse h© galloped back
after it. As the horseman neared the
spot where the hat lay he threw himself
far over to one side in order to reach
down, and fell off. The horse continued
on its way for some distance, but finally
stopped with Pugh still dangling at the
stirrup, bruised and bleeding. His friends
were driving and they took him into
their vehicle and drove him into Pleasan
ton, where medical aid was secured. Lat
er he was removed to his home on Twen
ty-fourth street in this city.
Deputy County Clerk Charles Pugh is
lying at his home in this city with ¦several
fractured ribs and face badly disfigured
as the result of hl3 foot catching In the
stirrup and being dragged by his horse.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, Sept. 10.
Another Meeting to Discuss
Local Franchises Is
Arranged.
Accused Does Not Take the
Stand to Testify in His
Own Defense
Frank Neil Returns From the
South Anxious to Fight
Jordan.
Predicts Great Demand in
Near Future for Experts
in Woodcraft.
Saddle Turns' and Rider Dan
gles by Foot After Gal
loping Animal!
Women Students Incur Re
buke for Not Paying
:"Sr Their Dues.
Arguments of Attorneys to Be
Commenced on Next
Eastern Boxing Author
ities Ridicule His
,Pretensipns. y
Mrs. Jennie White Says
She Did Not Know
Contents.
Alameda Trustees De
mur to Petition of the
Board of Trade.
Giflbrd Pinchot Says He
Would Have One in
Both Sides Have Rested
With Little More
to Follow.
President Jordan of
Stanford Ccmnsels
Collegians.
Cliarles Pugh Injured in
Displaying His Horse
manship.
FAVORS SCHOOL
OF FORESTRY
ADMITS SIGNING
MONEY RECEIPT
WRITERS SCOFF
AT JACK MONROE
DRAGGED ALONG
BY HIS STIRRUP
WALKIREZ TRIAL
NEAR ITS CLOSE
FRESHMEN HEAR
A WARNING WORD
INJUNCTION MAY
BE DISSOLVED
' ¦ -. _ '¦¦¦;, • ¦ ¦¦
THE SAN ;,FKAK CISCO CALL; FRIDAY, SEPTEMBER 11,, 1903.
The Supreme Court yesterday issued a
writ of mandamus directing Auditor J. P.
Fish of El Dorado County to draw salary
warrants in favor of S. B. Wilson, Coun
ty Superintendent of Schools. The peti
tioner was properly elected to his office
but a contest was made by T.-.E.' Mc-
Carthy, a rival candidate. • Wilson's
claim, to. election was .sustained in • the
courts, but Audito.r Fish thought that the
School Superintendent's salary for the
time consumed In the contest should not
be paid.
Will Get His Salary.
F. P. Plagemann, whose horse General
Vallejo was an absentee at the Driving
Association races at Tanforan on Wednes
day, Is hurt at the criticism of his action.
He Bays he withdrew him from the match
race with E. Aigeltlnger's horse Dolador
on the advice of a veterinary surgeon,
who said he was too lame to start.
The sentiment at the track on "Wednes
day was that the horse should not- have
been removed from the grounds at the
last moment : He should have been ex
cused by the judges.
Flagemann Explains His Action.
9
THE CALL'S
GREAT ATLAS OFFER
Will close on September 24,
1903, and all holders of Atlas
Coupons are requested to pre-
sent them immediately, as this
great opportunity to secure one
of these splendid Atlases at The
Call's premium rates will be
brought to a close on Septem-
ber 24. ... '
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
Oatk Poisoning
Sunburn. MMquito and !n*ect Blte«,
Prickly Heat «nd Hive* quickly cured
by j
1
This scientific germicide is a
specific for skin troubles that
cures the most stubborn cases —
absolutely harmless. Universally
used by leading physicians for the
last 12 years.
Sold by leading: druepits or trial sire
bottle sent prepaid on receipt of 25 cents.
Sec my signature on every bottle.
61.0 Prince St., New York
Send for booklet.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
A NATURAL LAXATIVE WATER
RELIEVES AND CURES
Constipation
Liver Troubles
Disordered Stomach
Most enlightened and eminent phy-
¦Iclans In every part oi th« jlob*
recommend It.
The only HUNYADI Water that Is
safe and sure, is
in oilers arc mititttis ul SAsfflites
DENTAL BR1DGEWORK
Mad* tor th« Cost cf Material at taa
COLLEGE CT.TTflC.
All work under the personal supervision ot
the professor of Crown and Bridge work, and
guaranteed 22K sold and th« best material*.
EXTRACTION Free. PAINLESS Methods.
Cl-EANIXO Free. CRADUATE3 Only,
¦\Ve»k Days. 8 to 0 Snndaya. 9 to 1.
POST-GSA3X7ATXS DE2TTAI. COLIEOE
E| San rranciaco— 3 Taylor Street.
• . Oakland — 973 WaaMnfton Street.
8a« Jo3e — 45 East Saata Clam Street*FOREIGN PORTS.
ENSENADA— Sailed Aug 16— Br stmr Sax
on, for Antofagasta.
ANTWERP— Sailed Sept 7— Ger bark Nal,
for San Francisco.
COLON— Arrived Sept 8— Stmr Alllanca.
from New York.
Sailed Sept S — Stmr Yucatan, for New York.
ADELAIDE — Sailed Sept 10— Ship John Ena,
for Melbourne.
MAZATLAN— Sailed Sept 4— Stmr Colon, for
Ean Francisco.
ACAPULCO— Bailed Sept S— Stmr City of
Sydney, for San Francisco; stmr Acapulco, for
Panama.
NEWCASTLE, Aus — Arrived Sept 10— Schr
Jos B Thomas, from Cape Town.
DELAWARE BREAKWATER— Arrived Sept
10 — Bark Nuuanu. from Honolulu, and ordered
to proceed to Philadelphia.
HONOLULU— Arrived Sept 10— U S etmr
Thomas, hence Sept 1. for Manila.
Sallfd Sept 0 — Stmr Korea, for China;. Nor
bark City of Agra, for Eureka.
Arrived Sept 0 — Schr Robert Lewere, from
Laysan Island.
EASTERN PORT.
LONDON, Sept. 10.— The British For
eign Office is said to have made repre
sentations at Washington anent the re
cent seizure of two or three inlands off
the northeast coast of Eiitish Xorth Bor
neo by the United States gunboat Quiros.
These islands are not connected with
those off the coast of Sandakan (capital
of British North Borneo) over which the
American flag was recently hoisted.
The Quiros is stated to have lately vis
ited a port on the northeast coast of Bor
neo and to have thence steamed to Dar.
vel Bay, an important center in Borneo,
150 miles southward. There the seizure
is said to have occurred. The islands,
which have been under British adminis
tration for the last twenty-five years,
were originally infested by pirates who
were driven out by . the Chartered Com
pany of Borneo. The action of the Qui
ros was brought to the attention of the
Foreign Office, which then took up the
matter.
It is asserted at the Foreign Office that
the whole question of the is!and3 is now
under consideration at I^ondon and in
Washington, and that when Foreign Sec
retary Lansdowne returns arbitration will
be suggested.
Passed in Sept 10— U S stmr Dix. from Ma-
nila, for Seattle: Ger stmr Luxor, hence Sept
6, for Tacoma; Ger shin Nomia. for .
Arrived S2pt 10— Bktn John Palmer, hence
Aug 20. for Tacoma.
Sailed Sept 10 — Br stmr Yeddo. for Portland.
PORT HARFORD — Sailed Sept 10 — Stmr
Coos Bay. for San Francisco.
EVERETT— Arrived Sept 9 — Stmr Eureka,
from Fairhaven.
PORT HA DLOCK— Arrived Sept 10— Stmr
Lakme. from Tacoma.
TATOOSH— Passed out Sept 10— Br bark
Melanope, for Cape Town; schr Expansion, for
San Pedro.
Passed In Sept 10 — Stmr St Paul, from
Nome, for Seattle.
VENTURA— Arrived Sept 10— Schr Fanny
Dutard, lrcm Cirays Harbor.
PORT HADLOCK— Arrived Sept 10— Stmr
Lakme, from Tacoma.
COOS BAY— Sailed Sert 6— Schr Emma Ut
ter, for San Francisco. Sept 9 — Schr Glendale,
for San Pedro.
ASTORIA — Sailed Sept 10— Stmr George W
Elder, for San Francisco.
ISLAND PORT.
Secretary Lansdowne Will
Suggest That Matter Be
Arbitrated.
Lays Claim to Island*
Taken by Gunboat
Quiros.
BRITAIN OBJECTS
TO THE SEIZURE
STEAMSHIP HONGKONG MARU
ARRIVES FROM THE ORIENT
Among Her Passengers Is a Deputy United States Mar
shal, Who Brings From Shangtiai Three Prisoners
Sentenced to San Quentin by Consul Goodnow
Steamer. From. Due.
Ctiing Wo China & Japan Sept. 11
Arctic Humboldt iSept. 11
S.Monica San Pedro [Sept. 11
Pomona Humboldt ,|S*;pt. 11
Argo I Eel River Ports jdept. 11
Coos Bay I San Pedro &. Way Pts.jSept. 11
Mariposa ; Tahiti [Sept. 12
Mineola Tacoma [Sept. 12
Uarda Hamburg & Way Pts. Sept. 12
G. W. Elder... Portland & A&toria.... Sept. 12
Chico | Coquille River Sept. 13
G. Dollar Grays Harbor Sept. 13
Centennial Seattle & Tacoma |Sept. 13
Rival Willapa Harbor ISept. 14
State Calif orn San Diego & Way Pts. ISept. 14
Eureka Humboldt |Sept. 14
Del Norte Crescent City Sept. 14
City Puebla... Puget Sound Ports.... Sept. 14
Chas. Nelson.. Seattle |Sept. 14
Corona Humboldt ISept. 14
Nebraskan Honolulu & Kahului.]Sept. 15
Alliance Portland & Way Ports. I Sept. 15
F. H. Leggett. Portland ISept. 15
Bon| ta Newport & Way Ports Sept. 15
North Fork... Humboldt Sept 1(1
Columbia Portland & Astoria. . . Sept. 17
City v Sydney.. New York via Panama Seu» 17
Santa Rosa... San Diego & Way Pts. Sept 17
Polnt Arena.. . Mendocino & Pt. Arena Sept. 17
A , rca^f-,- Goes Bay & Pt. Orford. Sept. 17
City Peking... China & Japan Sept 19
Umatllla Puget Sound Ports.... Sept. 10
V u £°r- Seattle Sept. 19
J. Dollar Seattle & Tacoma Sept. 20
TO SAIL.
Steamer. Destination. I Sails. Pier.
September 11. ~~ "
S. Monica.. Grays Harbor 4 pm Pier 2
Newburg... Grays Harbor 4 pm Pier 10
Gaelic China & Japan 1 pmlPler 40
J. Dollar... Seattle & Tacoma. 5 pm'Pier 2
Crarina Coos Bay direct... 5 pm Pier 8
Eureka Humboldt 9 am Pier 13
September 12. I
Arcata Coos B.&Pt. Orfbrd|10 amiPler 13
Argo E?l River Ports j 4 pm|Pier 2
Ncvadan... Hono. & Kahu!ui..| 3 pmiPier 23
G. Lindauer Grays Harbor 6 pm Pier 2S
Claverins... China & Japan.... 2 pm Piej- 2.5
Acme.. Siuslaw River 4 pm Pier 2
Chehalis.... Grays Harbor Pier 2
S. Portland. Astoria & Portland 5,pm Pier ..
Pt. Arena.. Pomi Arena 4 pm Pier 2
San Juan... N. Y. via Panama. 12 m Pier 40
September 13.
Phoenix.... Mendocino City .. 1 pmiPier 13
laqua . . Humboldt 2 pm Pier 2
Pomona.... Humboldt 1:30 p Pier 9
Queen Puget Sound Ports. 11 am Pier 9
S. Rosa San Diego & Way. 9 am|Pier 9
September 14.
Arctic Humboldt 2 pm Pier z
Cs Nelson... Los Angeles Ports. 10 am Pier 2
Rainier Seattle & Whatcom 4 pm Pier 10
Coos Bay... San Pedro & Way. 9 amfPler 19
September 15. . |
G. TV. Elder Astoria & Portland. 11 am Pier 24
September Hi.
Alliance Portland & W. Pts. 5 pm Pier 10
Chlco Ccquille River .... 5 pm Pier 2
Corona Humboldt H:30pPier 9
September 17. |
State of Cal. San Diego A Way. 9 am Pier 19
Sonoma Sydney & W. Pts.. I 2 pm Pier 7
Rival Willapa Harbor... 4 pm Pier 2
September 18.
City Puebla Puget Sound Ports 11 am Pier 9
Bonita Newport Way Pts. 9 am Pier 19'
Centennial.. Seattle & Tacoma. 10 am Pier 2
September 10.
North Fork. Kumboldt 5 pm Pier 2
H. K. Maru China & Japan.... 1 pm Pier 40
Colon N. Y. via Panama. 12 m Pier 40
September 2O. j |
Columbia... Astoria & Portlandlll am|Pler 24
FROM SEATTLE.
Sun, Moon and Tide.
United States Coast «l»i<1 Geodetic Survev-»-
A Shipment for New York.
The Norwegian bark Arabia was chartered
prior to arrival for lumber from this port to
Fremantle, Australia. £1500: Norwegian bark
Abyssinia, same business from Chemalnus to
Cape Town, 53g 9d — chartered in England prior
to arrival. The bark Andrew Welch returns
to Honolulu with general cargo.
NEWS OF THE OCEAN.
The time ball on the Ferry building was
dropped exactly at noon to-day. I. e.. at noon
of the 120th meridian, or at 8 p. m.. Greenwich
time. i; J. 3 C. BURNETT.
. Lieutenant, . U. S. N., in charge.
Branch Hydrographlc Office, U. S. N., Mer
chants' Exchange, San Francisco, Cal.,
September . 10.
Time Ball.
Andrew Anderson, chief officer of the bark-
entine Arago, fell down the hold of his vessel
yeeterday and fractured three ribs. He was !
treated at the Harbor Hospital.
Mate Breaks Three Bibs.
Steamer. For. Sails.
Humboldt Skagway & Way Ports. Sept. 11
Farallon...... Skagway & Way Ports. Sept. 12
Oregon Nome direct Sept. 12
City Topeka.. Skagway & Way Ports. Sept. l'.i
City Seattle... Skagway & Way Ports. Sept. 14
Santa Ana. . . • Cooks Inlet & Way Pts Sept. 16
Dolphin Skagway & Way Ports. Sept. m
Nome City. . . . Nome Sept. 20
Portland Nome & St. Michael.. Sept. 20
Cottage City. . Skagway & Way Ports Sept. 20
Valencia Nome Ti Sept. 22
The Occidental and Oriental Steamship Com
pany's Gaelic will eail at 1 o'clock to-day for
the Orient. She will carry a full cargo and
about forty cabin passengers. Her cargo In
cludes 2000 tons of flour.
Gaelic Sails To-Day.
The Pacific Mail Company's steamship Colon
arrived yesterday from Panama and way
ports. On account of having called at Mazatlan
she was ordered Into quarantine. The passen
p< re. will be landed this morning and the ves
sel released later.
Colon in Quarantine.
The bark Electra was the <mly substantial
representative of the salmon fleet to put in an
appearance yesterday. She was twenty-one
days from Nushlgak and brought 28,000 cases
of salmon. The little steamer Jennie, ten days
from Uganuk and fourteen days from Cooks
Inlet, brourht 200 cases of salmon. The Jen
nie has been acting as a fender between the
canning stations.
More Salmon Boats.
Customs Inspector T. Ferguson yesterday
saved the life of a Chinese sailor, a member
of the crew of the steamship Gaelic. The Chi
nese slipped from the liner's forward whaic
back and fell into the water. Ferguson, who
was in a boat patrolling the off shore side of
the steamship, went to the sailor's assistance.
The man was dazed by the sudden plunge and
unable to •» nm. -A« he came to the surface
for the second time Ferguson grabbed him,
pulled him Into the boat and turned him over
to his shipmates. Ferguson is one of the vet
erans of the customs service and ranks as one
of the rjost proficient officials attached to the
local force, and his prompt action of yesterday
adds one more to the long list of lives saved
alng the water front by the jntn in Uncle
Sam's blue. . ¦,
Saves a Chinese Sailor.
PORT TOWNSEND— Arrived Sept 10— Schr
Polaris, from Port Gamble, for Manila; bktn
Kllkitat. from Port Ludlow, for Honolulu;
Bcnr Solano. from Honolulu, for Puset Sound.
' bailed Sept 10— Schr Meteor, for Port Had
lock; schr Columbia, for Port Townsend. Sept
V~T fetrar Fulton, for San -Francisco; schr Beu
lah,. for Umpqua.
Arrived Se&t 10— Schr Marion, from Willapa
Harbor; bktn Northwest, from Everett. \\
Sailed Sent 10— Stmr Ruth, for San Fran
cisco.
ARRIVED.
Thursday, September 10.
Stmr Celia, Nordberg, 12 hours from Blhlers
Point.
Stmr Eureka, Jessen, 27 hours from Eureka.
Stmr Point Arena, Miller, 14 hours from
Mendocino. '
Stmr Jennie, Esser. 14 days from Cooks
Inlet, via Uganak 10 days.
Stmr San Pedro, Jacobs, 33 hours from San
Pedro.
Stmr Colon, Irvine. 22 days from Panama,
via Mazatlan 6 days 10 hours.
Stmr Santa Rosa, Alexander, 40 hours from
San Diego.
Stmr Arcata, Nelson, 67 hours from. Coos
Bay.
Jap stmr Hongkong Maru, Filmer, 27 days
17 hours 22 minutes from Hongkong, via Yo
kohama 16 days 14 hours 12 minutes, via
Honolulu 5 days 23 hours 2 minutes.
Bark Electra, Peterson, 21 days from Nush
agak.
Schr Gamble. Knudsen, 0 days from Port
Gamble, via Flattery 8 days.
Schr G AV Watson. Weitkunat, 7% days
from Willapa.
River"" Rub y- Korth, 6% days from Coquille
Schr Endeavor, McAImon, 6 days from As
toria.
Schr Ludlow, Tornstrom, 7 days from Port
Ludlow.
Schr Challeneer, Anderson, 7 days from
Willapa.
Schr Ida A, Campbell, 6 hours from Point
Reyes.
Schr Bella, Jannsen, 6 days from Sluslaw.
. CLEARED..
Thursday, September 10.
Stmr Corona, Johnson, Eureka; Pacific Coast
Steamship Co.
Stmr Bonlta. Alberts, San Pedro; Pacific
Coast Steamship Co. •
Stmr Xorth Fork, Nelson, Eureka; The Chas
Nelson Co.
Br ship Slieve Bawn, Ferguson, Callao, via
Tacoma; Balfour, Guthrle & Co.
SAILED.
Thursday, September 10.
Stmr State of California, Thomas, San Dlcgo.
Stmr Bonlta, Alberts. San Pedro.
Schr Man' C, Campbell, Bodega.
• Stmr Columbia. Doran, Astoria.
Stmr Corona. Johnson, Eureka.
Stmr Santa Barbara. Zaddart, Port Los An
geles.
Stmr Santa Cruz, Glelow,' Port Harford.
Ship Marion Chilcott, Williams, Honolulu.
Schr Newark, Relnertsen, Bowens Landing.
SPOKEN. /Uu
Aug 23, lat 38 N, ion CO W. bark Fooling
Suey, from New York, for Honolulu.
Aug 24. lat 11 N, Ion 27 W, Fr bark Jeanne
Cordonnier, from Swansea, for ' San Francisco.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS. Sept 10, 10 p m— Weather
hazy; wind W, velocity 8 miles per hour/'
DOMESTIC PORTS.
FAIRHAVEX— Sailed Sept 10— Stmr Olym
pic, for San Pedro.
BANDOX, Or— Sailed Sept 10— Schr May
flower, for. San Francisco. •
PORT LOS ANGELES— Arrived Sept 10—
fetmr Alcazar, from Greenwood; stmr Brooklyn,
from Fort Bragg, and sailed for San Fran
cisco.
WESTPORT— Arrived Sept 10— Stmr Navar
ro, hence Scot 9.
EUREKA— Arrived Sept 10— Stmr Coquille
River,, hence SeDt 8. .
Sailed Sent 10— Stmra Pomona and laqua.
for tan Francisco. . *
* REDOXDO— Sailed Sept 10— Stmr Sequoia,
for San Francisco. . .
Arrived SeDt 10— Stmr Brooklyn, from Tort
Los Angeles.
Sailed Sept 10— Stmr Santa Monica, for San
Francisco,
UMPQUA— Arrived Sept 8— Schr Louise,
from San Pedro; schr Lily, hence Aug 29.
_ SEATTLE— Arrived Aug 10— Stmr Hum
boldt. j^>m Skagway.
_SAN PEDRO— Arrived Sept 9— Stmrs W H
Kruger and Redondo, from Redondo; bktn
Robert Sudden, from Tacoma: Sept 10— Stmr
Samoa, hence Sept 8; schr Argus, from What
com.
Shipping Intelligence.
• Don't make yourself obnoxious with
those perspiring feet of yours. Koenig-
Ktein's Red Salve will cure them. •
• Time and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority c-t the Superintendent.
NOTE — The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about 25
minutes later than at Fort Point; the height of
tide Is the same at both places.
FRIDAY, SEPTEMBER 11.
Sun rises ... v . 5:46 a. m.
Sun sets 6:25 p.m.
Moon rises 9:05 p.m.
O iTime Time jTimej Time '-
P Ft. Ft. J 1 Ft. Ft.
» |H W L W JH WJ L, W
U~ 2^22 4.B 7:43 2.0 2:03 6.1 8:86 08
12 3:24 4.3 8:30 2.4 2:51 6.1 9:38 0.7
13 4:35 4.1 9:25 2.7 3:41 5.2 10:46 0 6
14 5:52 4.1 10:SS 2.9 4:43 5.2 11:54 0.4
15 7:O7| 4.311:53 2.9 5:50 5.2| I..
L W , . H W L. W 1H W
16 0:58| 0.2 8:08 4.5 1:05 2.81 7:03 5 3
17 1 l:54j 0.1 6:57 4.S 2:00 ' 2.4) 8:12] 6.1
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given in the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day In the order of occurrence as to time; the
fourth time column gives the last tide of the
day, except when there are but three tides as
sometimes occurs. The heights given are in
addition to the soundings of the United States
Coast Survey charts, except when the number
given is subtracted from the depth given by
the charts. The plane of reference is the mean
of the lower low waters.
Mayor Schmitz yesterday received a let
ter from Mrs. Vilma Licsko. of Tata
banya, Hungary, requesting information
of her father. Adolf Trpilach, who for
merly resided at 120 Prospect terrace.
Mrs. Licsko states that she has never
seen her father and that he was at one
time cashier of an institution in this city.
Seeks for Her Father.
Movements of Steamers.
TO ARRIVE.
The steamer Umatllla sailed on Tuesday
for Victoria with an assorted merchandise
cargo consigned to the port of destination and
the principal British Columbian ports, valued
at $24,120. and including the following:. 1108
pkgs fresh fruit, 34 pkga fresh vegetables, 40
pkgs onions, SI, 325 lbs dried fruit. 1950 lbs
raisins. C4S lbs chocolate. 560 lbs coffee, 5 bbls
baking powder. 41, SCO lbs salt 67 gals wine,
1&0O Ib3 meals, 210 lbs ham, 50 ce syrup, 11
cs talad oil, 1802 lbs hops, 591 lbs shrimps, 5
bbls baking powder. 78 pkgs groceries and
provisions. 191 cs canned goods, 210 pkgs paste,
30 cs drugs. 17 cs arms and ammunition, 13
pkgs machinery, 2 cs leather. 15 tons Cum
berland coal. 10 cs electrical supplies. 3159
pigs lead. 405 feet pipe. 2 bars iron.
Merchandise for the North.
The rate, $42, includes rail and stage
fare, hotel bills en route and at the Sen
tinel Hotel in the valley, ride over the
"double loop" and floor of the valley, car
riage ride to Mirror Lake, guides and
horses to Vernal and Nevada falls and
Glacier Point. The route is via Bower
Cave, Hazel Green, Big Trees. Merced
Canyon and Cascade Falls going into the
valley, and via New Inspiration Point and
OaK Flat road and Big Trees to Hazel
Green on the return trip, thus taking you
into the valley one way and out another.
Al! about it at 641 Market street, Santa
Fe offices. *
The Personally Conducted Excursion
to Yosemite Via Santa Fe Leaves
San Francisco Tuesday,
September 15.
$42 YOSEMXTE AND KETI7SN. $42
THE Japanese liner Hongkong
Maru arrived yesterday from the
Orient. She brought 157 passen
gers and 2500 tons of freight The
latter Included 591 bales of raw
silk, valued at $375,000, and 13,900 boxes of
tea.
W. H. A very, the agent here for the
Toyo Kisen Kalsha, returned on the
Hongkong. With Mrs. Avery he has
been visiting the Orient partly on busi
ness, but managing to get out of the trip
a full measure of pleasure, a deep coat of
tan and a rich store of good health. One
of the objects of Avery' s visit to the
Orient was the inspection of the Ham
1 burg- American Company's liners Ham
burg and Kaitchow, which the Toyo
Kisen Kaisha contemplated buying for
the run between here and the Orient Al
though fitted most palatially. Avery
thought the vessels had too much in the
way of upperworks for the service and
on his recommendation the purchase was
not made.
The company has long contemplated
building one or more new vessels for this
run and will probably do so shortly, al
though, according to Avery, no contracts
have yet been made. The new ships, ac
cording to original intentions, will be ves
j sels of about 12,000 tons, with a speed of
nineteen knots. If built they will be con
structed at Nagasaki. " ' - 1
F. S. Jacott, a Deputy United States
Marshal from Shanghai, brought three
prisoners for San Quentln on the Hong
kong. They were tried before United
States Consul Goodnow, who Imposed the
sentences they are here to serve. The
prisoners are Mataloe Nails, a Filipino,
sentenced to fifteen years for the murder
of a Chinese; Henry Ward and John
Langford, negroes, to serve two years
for burglary. Ward and Langford broke
Jail In Shanghai while awaiting transpor
tation and for this offense three months
was added to Ward's sentence and six
months to Langford's.
The Hongkong's passengers Included the
following named:
George W. Armstrong, W. H. Avery and
wife. Rev. H. Bedlnger and wife. Misses Bed-
Jnger, Lieutenant J. D. Beuret, U. S. N.,
and wife; W. S. Conrow and wife, F. M.
Dancy and wife, J. H. Davis, H. Gannett and
wife. Miss M. T. Gleason, F. S. Jacott. Miss
Adelaide Lewis, T. D. McKay, C. F. Me Wil
liams. Miss Leslie McWlIliamo, J. H. Moore
and wife, A. L. Mungrer, T. Murakami, V. D.
Olmstead, Professor Orris, Captain T. I. Owen
A. H. Preble. H. Schullin. T. Shlrdon. C. Stew
art, E. A. Swltzer, E. C. Travis. M. Wake,
: H. E. "Wolf. W. M. Wood, Carl Zechelius.
The British ship Slieve Bawn was cleared
yesterday for Callao, Peru, via Tacoma, with
115 pkgs and 55 pes tank material and 12 pkgs
doors and windows, valued at $345.
A Small Shipment for Peru.
Tuesday for Delaware Breakwater with 96,
83a bags sugrar, 708 bbls wine and 120 bales
Junk, consigned to Xew York.
«
BARK ELECTRA, ONE OF THE LARGER VESSELS OF THE SALMON FLEET, THAT ARRIVED HERE YES
TERDAY FROM ALASKA, BRINGING 28,000 CASES OF FISH FROM NUSHIGAK, WHICH PORT SHE LEFT
TWENTY-ONE DAYS AGO. • /
Monday will close the show In this city
with performances afternoon and even
ing. There will be two performances
every day until then, including Sunday.
To the children the most attractive fea
'urr- is the funny work of the clowns. Of
thfse thrre are a multitude and they are
irresistibly comical. They work In
bunches all around the hippodrome and
all cf their business is new and original.
One of the features is when a well gown
ed woman walks afong apparently looking
for a seat. She Is accosted by one of the
clowns, to whom she administers a thor
ough drubbing in the most approved eci
entlfic fashion. As she retraces her way
Rhe is the recipient of cheers and no doubt
many in the audience really think she is
.-in entirely voluntary contributor to the
show.
The troupe cf trained elephants is a
wonderful example of what animal knowl
edge and training can develop. To see
these cumbersome brutes attain a degree
of r.imbleness and docility seldom found
in dogs is almost beyond belief. They
hoist their huge carcasses into all kinds
of positions and perform in spaces that
give scarcely room for their ample feet.
Owing to the reaction after a bunch of
holidays which characterized the week
the attendance at R'ngling Bros', circus
yesterday afternoon fell oft a bit, but at
r.ight tine the big tent was again taxed
to its full capacity.
As with previous performances every
thing went with a dash and there was not
a moment from the time the first cru
haders appeared in the spectacle of "Je
rusalem" to the neck-and-neck finish in
the chariot race that the four rings were
empty cf splendid attractions.
This is the only aggregation of its kind
that hag made good all its promises.
There is ret a weak feature in the entire
rerformance. The bareback riding is es
pecially good and while it is not featured
above ether acts, as was the circus cus
tom in previous years, there is a suf
ficiency of high class equestrianism to
stand cut clearly among the attractions.
The quality of the horses in the various
performances is worthy of comment. All
<.f them are superior animals, full of vim
and fire and tiieir handling Requires the
highest degree of skill and nerve.
Multitude of Attractions Are
Presented Without Any
Waits.
Splendid Performance Is
Repeated to Full
Tent.
CROWDS AGAIN
VISIT CIRCUS
THE SAF FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, SEPTEMBER 31. 1903.
Th« fct*-a.mi*.r Minn«wa*Ira wan rJeared an |
10
LEADING BUSINESS COLLEGE OF THH
WEST, 24 Poet «t.. San Francisco. Cal.
Established 40 years. Open entire year.
Write for i: lustra ted catalogue (free).
A POLYTECHNIC
£$-\ Buclneas Collegre and
jjjpfSlkO,,-. School of Englneer-
SSSfS2US*1» iaK ' Oakland. Cal.
F^"£fJ»ftEJ"«TM8 l Sfcj+ Ivargest and best
/Zip R.'jaGCJ ~; '^WLH' equipped school oJ
BSWCScuSSJPTITOH I business shorthand
x^fC^rs?^.'BMuiii' 1 an d engrlneerluK weit
•^BrW^JBkflUBaSMSie o* Chicago. Perfect
AS^S*aWffl^BSB^^f climate, expenses low.
*™? p »3r tJ^r l *^^=r Write for free 10©-
• . page catalogue.
ST. JOSEPH'S ACADEMY,
PERALTA PARK. BERKELEY.
Boarding and day school for boys under 15 years
cf age. Studies commence MONDAY. August &
1903. Bend for prospectus to Bro. Genebran.
St. Mary's College,
OAKLAND, CAL.
Studies will be resumed MONDAY. August a.
1903. BRO. ZENONIAN. President.
OCEAN TRAVEL.
is,. Steamers leave San Fran-
/^N&^-^y^v Cisco as follows:
Af%T^ . For Ketchikan, Juneau,
AlT'SSSSSla v"*\ Halnes, KkaKway, etc..
I I aWS^ ! 1 Alaska— Tl a. m.. Sept. 13.
I \ X&SStSiAl .} IS, 2.?. 28, Oct. 3. Change
V'Cvv \\ to company's steamers at Se-
Xh<~^y attle -
For Victoria, Vancouver,
* Port Townsend, Seattle. Ta-
coma, E?verett. Whatcom — 11 a. m., -Sept. 13,
18. 23. 28. ; Oct. 3. Change at Seattle to this
company's steamers for Alaska and G. N. Ry. :
at Seattle for Tacoma to N. P. Ry.; at Van
couver to C. P. Ry.
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay) — Pomona, 1:30
p, m.. Sept. 13, 19, 25 Oct. 1; Corona, 1:30
p. m.. Sept. 10, 16, 22. 28, Oct. 4.
For Los Angeles (via Port Los Angeles and
Redondo). San Ditgo and I Santa Barbara —
Santa Rosa, Sundays, 0 a.i'm.
State of California, Thursdays, 9 a. m.
For Los Angeles (via San Pedro and . East
San Pedro). Santa Barbara. Santa Cruz. Mon-
terey, San Simeon, Cayucos, Port ! Harford
(San Luis Obispo), Ventura and Hueneme.
Coos Bay. 9 a. m.. Sept. 14 22 30 Oct. 3
"Bonita, 0 a. m.. Sept. 10, 18, 26, Oct. 4
For Ensenada, Magdalena Bay, San Jose del
Cabo. | Mazatlan. Altata, La Paz, Santa Ro-
salia, Guaymas (Mex.), JO a. m., 7th of each
month. ' '
For farther information obtain folder.
Right is reserved to change steamers or sail-
ing dates.
| TICKET OFFICES — 4 New Montgom-
ery street (Palace Hotel). 10 Market street and
Broadway wharf.
Freight office 10 Market street.
C D. DUNANN, General Passenger Agent,
10 Market street. San Francisco.
O. R. St N. CO.
"Columbia" calls Sept. 10, 20, 30, Oct. 10. 20.
30. "George "W. Elder" sails Sept. 15. 25,
Oct. 5,. 15, 25. Only steamship line to PORT-
LAND, OR., and short rail line from Portland
to all points East." Through tickets to all
points, all rail or steamship and rail at LOW-
EST RATES. Steamer tickets Include berth
and meals. Steamer nails foot of Spear st. at
II a. m. S. F. BOOTH, Gen. Agt. Pass. Dept..
1 Montgomery st. : C. CLIFFORD. Gen. Agt.
Krt. Dept.. 3 Montgomery st. _^^
Wtaro Island and Vallejo > .^teaman.
Steamer GEN. FRISBIE or MONTICELLO—
9:45 a m., 3:15 and 8:30 p. m.', except Sunday.
Sunday. 9:45 a. m., 8:30 p. ra. Leave Vallejo,
7 a. m.. 12:30 noon.. 6 p. m.. ex. Sunday. Sun-
day 7 a. m., 4:16 p. m. ¦ .Fare, BO cents. Tel.
Main 1508. Pier 2, Misslon-st. dock. HATCH
lB ROS
BATLWAY TRAVEL.
SOUTHERN PACIFIC
Train* le»v« ami wrx tlu« to urri«» *" >.
SAN KKA.NOMIO. "
(Main Llae, Foot of Market Street )
I,HT« — Ft»>M S«l-TIOInVnT. 1W3. — AKKITS
7.03^ Bcnlcii*. .Sut-mn. KlmtraanU Sacra-
mento 725^
7.00a Y»caTllle, Winters. Kumsry 7-25*
7.30* Msrt!nc7., San Kausou. Vallejo,
Xapa, Callstogn, Ssuta Kos* S25P
7.30a Niles, Livermore, Lathrop. Stock-
ron.. 7.25*
8.00a Darts. Woodland. Kntchts Landing.
Marysvlllc. Orovllle. (concecti
at MwrysvUlu for Urlrtley, Bisss
tnd Cb'trn) 7.55F
8 00a Atlantic fcxpre»»— Opion »nd Kan. 10.25a
800a Port Ci'sta. .Martinez. Antlucb. Y.j-
ron,Tr»cy.Stockton,Sacraraeatii,
Lo* lUn>>9, Menduta. llAafonl,
VlKult*. Po»UnrlU« 4.25?
¦ 8 00a Poti Costa. Martinez. Tracy. Lnth-
rop. Modesto. Merced. Fresno,
Go^Sie:! Junction. Hiur tJ. VI-
salla. RaScrstleld 5.25*
BJOa Shast!* Kxpress — Davis, Wllllami
(for Hartlett Sprlncs). Willows,
tFrnto. lied Bluff. Fortlan.l 7-55*
8-33a KIIm, 9in J»»«. Livermore. Stoclc-
lon.!oni?.Sricn»ment<>.PIaorrvtne.
jf»ry»\li!e. Chlco. Kf«i r.luT 425*
8.30a Osisrtnle. Chinese. Jamestown. So
uor*. Tuul mime imd An jeela 4 25p
9.C0a Miirtlnrz nna AVny Stations S 55J"
1000a Vsllrjn 1225P
IO.COa El l'asj PnsscnjriT. KnsibjunJ —
rn>-t C-->st3. Martinez. Tyron.
Tr.«cy. J.athrop. Stockton.
M<rced. Uaymoml Tnrna, llnn-
fcrii Visalln. H»Vsor»fleld. Lo»
A!!Bel«-s and El 1'MO. (Wf.t
lwui>.!*rrlvrs »lrtCo»*t Lluej... «1.33*
10C0* The Ov.TMn.l Limited - Ugden.
Denver OmHlii*. ChlciRO 6 25p
12 00m Bujwnrit. Niln. *n<l Way Stations. 325r
tl 00p Saorimn-ntoKlver Stemnen t11.00i»
3.3CP Brnlcla. Winters. SacrainiT.to.
WuoUlaml. Williams. CoIusa.WH-
lows. Knl^t* Landtnir. Marys-
¦tille Orovilli- and way stations.. 10 53*
3.30F nay warl, Nllcs.mil Way Stations.. 7 55p
4C0r M»rt!n«,SaulUmon.ValleJo,Napa,
C.i»»:i>p«. Santu K«>m ,»»?*
4.00P Murtlnoi. Tracy. Lathrop.Stockton. 10-25*
4C0P Nile*. LtTcrmore. Stockton. Lod!.. *|5p
4 JOp llaywarrl. Xllcs. lrTington. San I 1».53A
Jo»e. Llvermorc f Xjl.65*
E.COp The Owl Limited— Freuno. Tulare.
UaKersiluId. I.us Auzclcs n 35a
6X0p Port Costa, Tracy. Stockton. Lo»
Banos 1 2s2 r
16 30r Hsyward. Mies and San Jose i 2j*
6.00p Hay ward. Nllwani! Sau .lose iu2bA
6.C0p Orli-ntal Mail— Otrdcn. Denver.
Omaba. St. Louis. Chlrano nnd
Kast. Port Cotta, HVnlcla. i>ul-
inn, Elrulra. Davis. Sacramento.
Itocklln. Aulim, Col fax,
Truckee. Boca, l;»no, Wads-
worth, Wlnnera«cc». Battle
Mountain. Elku 4 25?
».. Reno. Truckec. Sacran-.eato. Davis,
Sulsun. rsenicla. Port Cost* 7.55a
6 00i» Va!lejo. dally, excepc Sunday [ -j 5Sf
70Cp Vallejo. bunilay only V
7 D0r San Pablo, i'ort Costn. Martlnei
and Way Stations 1125a
8.C5r Oipkou 4 L'Blirorcla K.trrefla— Sac-
rauiuuto. UarysTlllr, Redding,
Portland. PugeC Sourd aod East. 8 55a
8.10r Hay ward. NUea and San Joie (Sun-
day only) 1 1-55 *
11.26^ Tori Costa. Trncy. Lathrop. Mo-
de»to. Merced.- Itaymind (to Yo-
tcinilf), Fresno, lUaford. VI-
»»!!». nak.r«fl«!d ¦.... 12-25F
COAST LINE (>arn.™ t.auge).
(Foot of Mnrki-t Street ) ' m
745a Santa. Cruz Excursion 'Sunday
only) 8-10*
8 15* Newark. t>nt*r»llle. San Jo»e.
Felton. H<>uln«r Creek. S.mta
Cru* and Way Stations 6 25*
t2.16r Newark, Centcrvlllr. San Jose.
Kfw A'nindrD. L«>* r.8£o*."feU<jQ.
Boulder Creek. Ssnra Crui and
Principal Way Stations 10-Sja
4-15r Newark. San Joae. Los Gntos nnd
way station* (on Saturday and
Sunday rnna tbruugh to ?»u;a
Cmr; 5lond«y only frnin Santa
Crazy. Connects at Ke::on to
•nd from Bo'ilrtrrCrTk 13.B5A
OAKLAND HAFfBbR fERRY.
From SAN HIA.NCISLO, louluf Market St. (Sllp<>
— f7:15 9:U0 ll:i.i;».a. 1 CO 3-CO 5.15p.m.
From OAKLAND, r'oot «>f Oroatlway — t<i:U> tJ:O»
t^:05_10:0OA.«. 12 00 2 00 4 CO PS-
COAST LINE (Broa.M.ause).
pr* (Third nail Tinvnscnd Streets.)
6.10a San J one anU Way Stations 8 33?
17 00a San Jose and Way Stations 5-36?
7-1 5a Monterey and Saata Cruz Excur-
sion (Sunday only) 8 30?
800a New Almaden (Tues.. Frld.. only), 4.10*
8 00a Coat t Line Limited — Stopsonly Saa
Jose. GUroy (connection for IIol-
llnter), Pajaro. CaatrovlUe. Sa-
llaas. San Ardo. Paso Kobles,
SantaMargarlta.San Lc's Obisrio,
Guadalupe. Surf (connection for
Lompoc), Santa Barbara. Saugus
•nd Los Angeles. Connection at
CsstroYliie to and from Monterey
sad Paris? Grore 10 43*
9. CO* Ban Jone. Tres Pino*. Capitola,
SanuCruz.PaclilcOroTe.Sallnas,
. San Luis Obispo and Principal
Intermediate Stations .* 4. 10"
T0.30a Ean Jose and Way Stations 1-20?
11- 00* Cemetery Pa?seafrer — South Saa
FrancUco, San Bruno 1.057
1130a Santa Clara. £an Jose, Los Gatot
and Way Stations 7-30?
«1.30r San Jose and Way Stations X700--
2 COp Ean Jose and Way Stations I9-40a
2.30p Cemetery Psssentrer — South Saa
Fnncl»co. San Bruno 4.35r~
t3.C0r Del Monte Express— Santa Clara,
Ean Jose, Del Monte, Monterey,
Pacific Grove (connects at Santa*
Clara for Santa Crnr, Bonlder
Creek and Narrow dauge Points) t12!5*
S20r Pacific Grove and Way Stations—
Borllntrame.San Mateo.Uedwood,
MenloPark. Palo Alto May field.
Mountain View. Lawrence, Santa
Clara, San Josn, (GUroj. Holils-
ter, Tres Plnos). Pajaro. Watson-
?ille. Capitola, Santa Cruz, Las-
troTlHe, Salinas 10 45a
4S0r San Jcse and Way Stations 8 35*
b-COr San Jose, (via Ssnta Clara) Los
Gatoa, Wright and Principal Way
Stations (except Sunday) 9.00a
iS-30r BanJoseandPrinctpalvVayStations tS-OOA
tB.ibr San Mateo, Beresford.Be!::ioni. Saa
Carlos, Redwood. Fair Oaks,
MenloPark. Palo Alto t9-45»
6.30r San Jose and Way Stations B-3Sa
7 LOr Sunset Limited, Eastbound. — San
Luis Obtspo, Santa Barbara, Los
Angeles. Peralng. El Paso. Sew
Orleans. New Tori. (Westbound
arrives Tla Sun JosrialQVa!Iey)... »r8.25*
8.00 p Palo Alto and Way Stations 10-15*
11. 30* South San Francisco. Mlilbrae.'
Burllnsame, San Mateo, Bcl-
mont. San Carlos, Redwood, +e«e.
Fair. Oaks, Menlo Park. Palo . ISilr
Alio, May field. Mountain View, *S-«6»
Sunnyvale. Lawrence, Santa
Clara and San Jose. J
A for Morning. P for Afternoon.
X Saturday and Sunday only. t Sunday on!y.
i Stops at all stations on Sunday,
t Sunday excepted. a Saturday only.
« Via Coast Line. tr Via San Joaquln Valley.
6Reno train eastbound discontinued.
EVOnly trains stopping at Valencia St. sou: "b bound
are 6: 10 a.m.. tT: 00 a .m.,11 :0O a.m.. 2:.i) P.M. and o:3O P. M,
*%m$mgSM\10 SAN RAFAEL.
JJffiJ^jBflS'SAN OUENTIN,
MILL VALLEY,
CAZADERO, ETC.
l^^i^Si via Sausalito Ferr y
WEEK"" DAYS— (Holidays excepted)— 6: «,
f7:4o. b:45. U:i5. 11 a- m - ' = '^°- 1:4 ° p *
415 »«'1J G:4j. 9. 11:45 p. m.
'7-45 a. *m- train week days does not run to
M 'iuNDA e Y y s AND 1.EOA1. HOLIDATS_T.
ts t-j t*10. U. tU:30 a. m.. t l-->0 t !••>"•
2:35 '3:30. 5. «. »:». »• ll:45 S m ' r> ntin.
Trains marked (•) nm to San p Quentla.
Those marked tt> to Fairfax, except ...15 P- _m-
Saturdays. On Saturdays the J:lJ P- n>- tra.a
'"FROM Kn'kaFAEL TO SAN ngum
-Week days-5:25. l?^*,*-*?!*' 1^?^
1105 a. m.. 12:30. 2:20. j3:45. 4:50, 5:^0. 6.k>.
CISCO— Week days— 5:1.".. *>- i0 - 'l,' n 2r>
9 45 lT:lO a. m.. 12:40. 2:45. 4:15. 5:10. . :<k>.
7:45 a. m.. week days— Cazadero and way
'^•uTp m. week days (Saturdays excepted)—
T ° 3 I tf5 le3 p a m-.'satu'rdLy^Caxadero and wa,
St Sunday 3 and Legal Holidays-3 *. m., Caza-
dero and way stations. I
Sunday, and Le?al Holldays-lO a. m.. Point
Reves and way stations*
TICKET OFFICE— «-G Market at.
FERRY— Foot of Market st.
MOUNT TAMALPAIS RAILWAY
Leave Ha Siasaijto hrrr Arrive
Saa Fran. Ha *l Marist St San Fran.
Wecic Sun- Surv Week
l:45r 9:00a V&4s>?}&iJ l'i:HOr 3:3Or
S:15rlO:OOA v'^JSi/ 3:30p 5:5Or
frtrrthy* «aiT. inn Ti-nm f 9:ZOr.xmn\.t. H:3O>
I1CIIT t 625 Masxbt St^ (NortlJ Shore Railroad
wnCC } end Sausauto Fexrv Foot Market St.
ThTWeeHj Gall
Si pci* Year.
UNITED STATES BRANCH.
STATEMENT
. OF THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIBS
OF THE
PHCENIX
ASSURANCE COMPANY, Limited,
GF LONDON. ENGLAND, ON THE 31ST
day of December, A. D. 1902, end for the
year ending on that day. as made to the
Insurance CommisEloncr of the State of Cali-
fornia, pursuant to the provisions of Sections
CIO and till cf the Political Code, condensed
e* per blank furnished by the Commissioner.
ASSETS.
Cash Market Value of all Stocks "
und Bonds Owned by Company. .$2, 469,341 23
rash in Company's Office 265 21
Cash in Banks 276.641 91
Interest Due and Accrued on all
Stocks and Loane 29,042 50
Premiums In due Course of Col-
lection 284,841 St
Due from other Companies for Re-
Insurance en Losses already paid. 3,351 27
Total Assets $3,063,483 03
LIABILITIES.
Loefcs adjusted and unpaid $51,230 00
Losees in process of Adjustment or
in Suspense 233.432 00
Losses resisted. Including expenses. 24,832 00
GrcsE premiums en Fire Risks run-
ning one year or le«, $1,8S5,-
027 27; rflr.surance 50 per cent. 842,063 63
Grots premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning more than one year, $1,5S5,-
72U S*7; reicturar.ee pro rata... 832,523 23
I>ue and accrued for Salaries,
Kect, etc !•••••; 2.173 72
Conr.missloTjfc and Brokerage dus
and to become due 78,072 39
Ail other liabilities 231.029 2*
Total Inabilities ....$2.897.218 43
INCOME. '
Ket rash actually received for Fire
premiums :. .$2,602,037 13
Received for Interest and dividends .
on Bonds. Stocks. Loans, and
irons all other eources 81.833 23
Ueceived Irorn Home Office 324,375 09
Vrccllected premiums of laet year,
collected this year 155.406 77
Tots.1 Income $3.094.C12 14
EXPENDITURES. '
Set amount paid for Fire Losses
(including J716,0."6 57. losses of
previous years) $1,776,503 8«
Remitted to Home Office 83.004 SI
Palo or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage 491,607 8S
Paid for Salaries Fees and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc. 15S.*41 24
Paid for- State. National and Local
taxes 73.4S8 03
All other, payments and expendi-
ture* • 132.098 27
Total Expenditures $2,718,803 73
FtreT
Losses lnc-jrred during, the year. .$1.650.143 00
llisks and Premiume!Ptre Risks. Premiums.
Ket amount of Risks)
written during the
j ear '$405,933,216 $4,349,033 26
Net amount of Risks
expired during the
>e ar 397.819. 4C5 4.179.024 09
Ket amount In force
December SI. 1002.. 308.773.700 3,471.651 21
LOUIS P. BAYARD.
Second Assistant Manager.
Subscribed and rworn to before me. this 4th
flay of February. 13OT.
GEORGE O. RUGER.
Notary Public.
BUTLER & HEWITT,
CENERAL AGENTS.
413 CALIFORNIA STREET. San Francisco
UAH. WAY TRAVEL
| The North Westera=
i Union Pacific Excursions
i afford unusual opportunities for* *n
! economical and satisfactory jouraey to
I ChicagorEast
• j Excursions Every Day »
; Personafiy conducted parties leave
, : San Francisco every Wednesday,
! Thursday, Friday and Saturday.
i Leave Los Angeles one day earlier.
Choice of routes.
For fiill Information apply to or address ;
R. R. RITCHIE, S. F. BOOTH.
1 General Aeent, G«n'l Agent PasVr Dept,
I Chicago & North-Wcstern Ry. Cnton Pacific R. R.
i 617 Market St. No. 1 Alontzomsry St.
; SAN FRANCISCO, CAL. jj
3 PICTOt*^
CALIFORNIA N03THWE5TE2X KT.CO.
LESSEE
ikK FHAKCliJLu lM NUHTH PACI713
bacwat company.
Titraron Perry, rccv or Market St.
SAlf PBAKCISCO TO SA27 3ArAEI.
"\VKEK DAYS— 7:30. 8:00, 9:00. 11:00 a. m. ;
12:35. 2:30, 3:10. 5:10. .1:50. 0:20 and 11:30
p. m.
Saturdays — Extra trip at 1:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 7:30. S:0O. 9:30. 11:00 a. m.; 1:30.
2::5O. ?.:40. 5:10, 6:.1<> 11:30 p. m.
SABT SAPAEL TO SAS PKAKCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 6:C5. 6:50. 7:35, 7:00, 9:20. j
11:15 a. m.; 12:50, *-':00, 3:40, 5:00. 5:20 I
(5:^5 p. m. " !
Saturdays— Extra trip at 1:43 p. m.
SUNDAYS — 6:50. 7:35. 9:20. 11:15 a. m. • 1:43.
3:40. 4:30. 5:tK>. 5:20, C:1O, 6:25 p. m.
' *Kxcept Saturdays.
Leave I In Effect j Arrive
San Francisco. I May 3, 1003. [San Francisco.
Week I Sun- I Dostina- I Sun- I Week
Days. 1 days. [ tldn. | days. [ Days.
, ,„ J:30«J 7:45a! 7:43a
7:30 a R:00a 8:40 a 8:40 a I
8:C0a 9:20a Ignado. 10:20alO:2oa
2:30 p 2:30 p B: cop C:20 p !
5:10 P 5:10 p 6:2()p 7:25 p |
! 7:25 p[ j
; 7:30 a 7:30 a 7-45 a 7-43 a'
8:0Oa 8:00 a Novato, 10:20 a 1O : 2O a !
I 2:30 p 9:30 a PetaUima. 6:20 p «:2Op,'
5:10 p 2:30 p and 7:25 p 7:25 p
1 5:10 p| Santa Rosa. [ | {
7:30 al 7:30 a 10:20al0:20a
liS2sU : 22 a Fulton - i 7:25p 6:2Op
J.JO pi 2:qO p 7:23 p
I j Windsor. j j
7:30 a| 7:30 a| Healdsburr. 110:20 a'l0"O a
I Lytton. f -
2:30 p 2:30 p| Geyservllle, | 7:23 p 7-25 d
. j Cloverdale. | V
7:30 a! 7:30 al Hopland 110:20 a|1020 a
2:30 p| 2:30 p| and Uklah. | 7:25 p| 7:25p
7:30 a| 7:30 a| WlIHts. |»7:25~pT7T25~p
S:00a( 8:00 a Camp Vacation. ]10:2Oa 1020 a
2:30p| 2:S0p Guerneville. | 7:25 p 6:20 p
8:00 a 8:00 al Sonoma. I 8:40 a 8-40 a
5:10 p 5:10 p| Glen Ellen. ) 6:00 p 6:20 p
7:30 al 7:30 a] 110:20 allO-20 a
2:30 p| 2:30 p| Sebaatopol. | 7:23 plsit'O p
STAGES connect at Green Brae for San
Quentln; at Santa Rosa for White Sulphur
Springs; at Fulton for Altrurla and Hark West
Springs; at Lytton for Lytton Springs; at Gey-
servllle for Skaggs Springs; at Cloverdale for
the Geysers. Boonevllle and Greenwood: at
Hopland for Duncan Springs. Highland Springs
Kelseyvllle. Carlsbad Springs. Soda Bay Lake-
port and Bartlett Springs: at Uklah for Vichy
Springs, Saratoga Springs. Blue Lakes. Laurel
Dell Lake, Witter Springs, Upper Lake. Porno
Potter Valley. John Day's. Riverside, Llerly's'
Bucknell's. Sanhedrin Heights. Hullville. Orr*s
Hot Springs. Halfway House, Comptche, Camp
Stevens. Hopkins, Mendocino City. Fort Bragsr
; Westport. Uaal; at Wiltlts for Fort Bragg'
Westport. Sherwood. Cahto. Covello, Layton-
vllle, Cummings. Bell's Springs, Harris. Ol-
sen's. Dyer. Garberville, Pepperwood, Scotia
and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at
reduced rates.
On Sunday — Round-trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket office, 650 Market street. Chronic!*
building.
H. C. WHITING, R. X. RYAN,
Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass. Agt.
I CALIFORNIA 1
I LIMITED TO CHICAGO |
1.3 lores Monday* and Thundtys »t »:S0 ».ra. pi
H Through In S days with Diners and all trapping*. SI
Vi Our other trains go at M
II 7:30am 1 for Stockton, Fresno, . Ejj
|| I:SOam > Bakersfield, Merced. H
H 8:00PM ) Hanford, Visalia. 53
f| 4:06pm for Stockton. H
I] 8:QCpn for Kansas City and Chicago. M
M Office. 641 Market St., and In Ferry gd
M Depot; 1112 Broadway. Oakland. 0
M Trains haze Market Street Firry. ?1
OCEAN TRAVEL.
ToWlISENIKAisHr
' (ORIENTAL STEAMSHIP CO.)
Steamers will leave wharf, corner First and
Brannan streets, at 1 p. m., for YOKOHAMA
and HONGKONG, calling at Kobe (Hlogo)
Nagasaki and Shanghai, and connecting at !
Hongkong with steamers for India, etc. No
cargo received on board on day of 'sailing
S. S. HONGKONG MARU (calling at Ma-"
nila) Saturday. September 19 1003
S. S. NIPPON MARU.... "..
Thursday. October 15 1003
S. S. AMERICA* MAIIU \.
Tuesday, November 10, 100S
Via Honolulu. Round trip tickets at reduced
rates. . For freight and passage, apply at Com-
pany's Office. 421 Market ntreet, corner First.
W. H. AVERY. General Agent.
occanics.8.co.E^M
S. S. SONOMA, for Honolulu, Samoa, Auck-
land and Sydney, I Thursday. Sept. 17, 2 p. rn.
S S. MARIPORA, for Tahiti, Sept. 20, 11 a. m.
S S ALAMEDA. for Honolulu. Sept. 2a 11 a.m.
4l!s?HECHlS4BE0S.C3.,ll!its..rGbtOIte,B43B3rtil3l
frf8btflffie8.32S BarkitSUFItrla. 7.Pad&lt
i . . — jp
KOSMOS LINE.
SPLENDID S. S. LUXOR 6500 TONS
Carrying First and Second Claas Passengers.
Sails Sept. 24, lt>u:S. fcr London and Hamburg,
via Mexican. Central and South American ports.
Lowest Fares. Unequaled Service.
J. D SPRECKELS & BROS. CO., Agents.
643 Market St.. San Francisco.
COMPAGJUE GENERALS TRANSATLANTIQUE.
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS. _»-»k_
Salllne every Thursday, instead of
Saturday, at 10 a. m., from Pier 42. «-**aHE5 T
North River, foot of Morton st.
First-class to Havre. $70 and upward. Sec-
ond-class to Havre. $45 and upward. GEN-
ERAL AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES AND
CANADA, 32 Broadway (Hudson Building).
New York. J. F. FtJGAZI & CO.. Pacinc Coast
Agents. 5 Montgomery avenue. San Francisco.
Tickets sold by all Railroad Ticket Ajraata.Chicago was firmer on the day. with Hogrs
higher and the shortu covering. There was no
change in this market.
CURED MEATS — Baccn. 12%e per lb for
heavy. 13c for light medium. 15c for light.
15%c for extra light. 17%c for sugar-cured and
18%c for extra sugar-cured; Eastern sugar
cured Hams. 15ftc: California Hams. 15%c;
Mess Beef. $11 50012 per bbl; extra Mess *12
©12 50: Family. $13 50; prime Mess Pork. $19;
extra clear. $25: Mess. $20; Dry Salted Pork.
12%c: Pig Pork, $2S: Pigs'. Feet. $5 25;
Smoked Beef. 15c per lb.
LARD^-Tlerces quoted at 7%o per lb for
compound^and 10%@10 : 54c for pure; half bar
rels, pure* U@lHic: 10-lb tins, liu©ll%c:
5-lb tins. HKc: 3-Ib tins. ll?ic. ,
COTTOLENE — One half barrel, 0%c; three
half barrels. 0%c; one tierce. 9%c; two tlercea,
OV»c; five tierces, 9%c per lb^
Provisions.
Mining Stocks.
SAN FRANCISCO STOCK EXCHANGE.
Following were the sales on the San Fran
cisco Stock and Exchange Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
12.000 Alpha Of.) 100 Crown Point. 1«>
16OO Bullion O4 SOO Exchequer ... 1O
200 Chollar 12 100 Ophlr 1 •»
300 Chollar 13 500 Ophlr 1 «O
500 Con Cal & Va.l 45 100 Potosl 21
1C0 Con Cal & Va. 1 50i 400 Potosl 23
Afternoon Session.
100 Challenge Con. 2'. 4CO Gould A Cur. 2H
300 Chollar 12 10O Ophlr If©
700 Con Cal & Va.l 50 ISO Ophlr 1 «5
300 Con Imperial. 04 100 Overman 2O
100 Confidence ... 80 1W) Silver Hill ... 7.1
100 Con NY 17 200 Union Coa . . «.;
500 Exchequer ... 11
PACIFIC STOCK EXCHANGE.
Following were the sales on the Pacific Stock
Exchange yesterday:
Morning: Session.
300 Bullion 04 300 Ophir 1 «S
300 Chollar 12 200 Overman 22
200 Con C & Va.l 47 U 500 Sierra N>v ftl
9OO Con N- Y .... IS 100 Silver Hill ... 7S
2OO Exchequer ... 00: SOO Union Con.... Gri
500 Exchequer ... 1»>. 40O Union Con ... 65
300 Hale & Nor... 4S 100 Union Con ... «4
300 Mexican ...1 02%j 300 Utah 16
2C0 Occidental ... 30t
Afternoon Session.
50O Alpha Con CSf 200 Ophir 1 «S
10O Con Cal A Va.1 50 2«O Potosl 25
4CO Exchequer ... 11 30O Savage 21
200 Hale & Nor. . 40 500 Seg Belcher . i*»
2000 Justice OS 300 Silver Hill ... 72
300 Mexican 1 05J
TONOPAH MINING EXCHANGE.
Following were the sales on the San Fran
cisco and Tonopah Mining Exchange yesterday:
Morning Session.
500 Cent Eureka.. 86 200 MacNamara . IS
400O Esperanza ... 05 500 Ton N Star... 52
21.000 Esperanza .. 04 1000 Ton N Star.. 55
200 Mizpah Ex... 3lj SCO Ton N Star .. 53
Afternoon Session.
10.000 Esperanza .. 04! 10O Stand Con 2 5O
100 Mizpah Et... 31'llCO Ton N Star... 31
200 Mizpah Ex... 32| v:
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
THURSDAY. Sent. 10—4 v. m.
Bid.Ask.l Bld.Ask.
Alpha 12 14 Julia 03 OS
Alta 04 07!Ju8tlce 07 CO
Andes 13 14'Kentuck .... 02 ft'l
Belcher 22 23 Mexican 1 00 1 OS
Best & Belch. 1 30 1 40! Occidental ... 33 3T
Bullion O4 CalOphir 1 m HI
Caledonia ... 7S SOOverman .... 2O 22
Challenge Con 2:1 2*!Potosl 24 25
Chollar 12 l'HSavage 20 23
Confidence ..-. 75 85'Scorplon 02 04
Con Cal & V.I 50 1 COiSeg Belcher.. 08 10
Con Imperial. 03 04 Sierra Nev... M 63
Con NY... 17 19J>llver Hill... 7.1 74
Crown Point. 10 list Loots IS is
I Eureka Con.. 4O 6OSyndlcate ... — A*
Exchequer ... 11 12'Unlon Con .. CS Ki
Gould A Cur. 23 25! Utah 18 1%
Hale & Nor. 47 *• Yellow Jack.. 42 43
Lady Wash.. 04 06 1
TONOPAH MINE9.
Bid. Ask. Bid.Ask.
Esperanza ... 03 04 Pine Grove SO —
' «Jold Mount... — 08 Resdie ...#.. OO Iff
Hannapah ... — 22 Fraction .... — 65
Lucky Tom.. — 10, Ton & O W.. 01 Ort
; MacNamara .. 14 2f> Ton of Nev.. — 8 00
: Mizpah Ex... 30 32|North Star ..50 52
¦Montana 96 1 0"> Midway 35 43
I New York .. — 13 Von * S L.. 25 45
I ray master — — 17 J United Toa ... 1? —
Cash quotations were as follows:
Klour steady; No 2 red wheat, 82c; No. 2
corn, DO^c; No. 2 yellow, 51T£c; No. 2 oats,
3. r »'ic; No 3 white, 38%c; No. 2 rye. 50c;
good feeding barley, 49c; fair to choice malt
injf, r.2g5Sc; No. 1 flax seed. 05c; No. 1 North
western $1 01; ,prlme timothy seed. ?3; mess
pork, per barrel. $13 50@13 C2%; lard, per 100
pounds $9 4 Win 50; short ribs sides (loose),
fS 37%©8 62%; dry salted shoulders (boxed),
6%@G%c; short clear sides (boxed). 8V4@8%c;
clover, contract grade, $9 15.
< 120th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
gAN FRANCISCO. Sept. 10—5 p. m.
" THE COAST RECORD.
' c B 2 3 ™ *3
E «j* m? 2,;f s?£ 3
i 5|f||5| H i
ETATION9. I If 5 3 |3 j£ %
• c c ; • p I
: • ? • : :
STkeT 3f>. 06 MJ M NW Cloudy .08
rar! ; Cn 2!».K0 80 40 S\V Cloudy .O0
Funka 30.0S «0 52 N -Clear .00
KrUno 29.72 10<J 68 NW Pt Cldy AX*
Flagstaff ....»• 78 74 38 SW Clear .CO
Independence JS.66 92 <52 6W Clear .(JO
loi AjU*1»..2».M *S ft4 W Clear .<*)
\jt TamaJpais2a.K2 77 70 \V Clear .00
Nr>rth Head... 30. 20 .',8 56 NVT Cloudy .IS
i-hSnii 29.B2 100 76 SW Clear .«0
I-ocatello ».76 66 30 E\V Cloudy .00
Portland 30.18 W5 M NW Rain .04
l£d Bluff ....2».7« »2 68 N Clear .<*)
Ho«.burg ....30.20 m «!0 NE Pt Cldy .<£
ia/-ram*£to ..29.70 »2 <*> NE Cloudy .00
L-it Leke 20. W 7« 42 ICW Cloudy .00
«^ Fra.nci«co.23.K! 76 OO P\V Clear .OO
S L OMFpo..2».hC 90 52 N Clear . .00
Diego ...29. S4 78 <W NW Clear .00
cfattle ».l* O 50 NW Pt CMy .14
Spokane 30.04 60 44 KE Cloudy .01
SSt&'vKm-M «0 B2 NW Pt Cldy .44
Walla \V«J1». .30.02 66 54 E Cloudy .02
\V'nnrautx» .29.K2 74 3S NW Clear .00
TumT ...T...23-C6 1« 74 SW Clear .00
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
Cloudv weather prexails over the northern
portion 'of the Tacific Slope and the Rocky
Mountain region. Light rain has fallen over
Washington. Northern Oregon and Western
K n|!minn ha« fa'len rapidly over the
tlau-au region and ri?en over Washington.
The temperature ha» fallen over, Oregon. Ida.
ho* and Washington and risen over Southern
Nevada, and Utah.
The following high winds are reported:
North Head 48 mile* r*r hour * rom »> - ortn
mst; Eureka. 2« north; Pocatello. 28 west,
end Modena. 22 southwest.
Forecast tna.de at San Franc5«eo for thirty
hours ending midnight. September 11:
Northern California— Cloudy; cooler Friday;
fT»»h northwest wind.
Southern California — Cloudy Friday; fresh
wtrt Wind.
Nevada— Showers Friday: cooler.
Kan Francisco and vicinity— Partly cloudy
Friday; freth northwest wind.
Q. H. WILLSON,
LocaJ Forecaster. Temporarily In Charge.
EASTERN MARKETS.
'New York Stock Market.
NETW TOKK. Sect. 10.— The stock market
*:&* rather mort active to-day, but the In
creased activity was in many instances made
at the expense of prices. The opening, though
ta-sn*. w«e slightly higher, Atchison resuming
to «tn extent Its recent lcadensbiD. but latr
I leliius to the Uolted States Steel chares. Tae
KEW FRUIT — Apricots, 7%@9%c for Royals
and 0@llc for Moorparks; Evaporated Apples,
6«6c' Peaches. 5V4@7c; Pears, ti@9c; Nec
tarines. 4@4%c for white; Figs, white. 4%@
4%c in boxes; Plums, pitted. 5<fj7c per lb.
PRUNES — 1902 crop, 2%@2%c for the four
sizes. with,%^lc premium for the large sizes.
RAISINS — New prices are as follows: Two
crown, 6<Jt«V4c; three-crown, 6%6tf%c; four
crown Cft (Q7c.
NUTS— Walnuts. No. 1 softshell, 12%013c;
No 2 10%<ftll%c; No. 1 hardshell, ll%@12c;
No. 2 10@10%c; new Almonds, lie for Nonpa
reils. 10%c for I X L. 10Uc for Ne Plus Ul
tras and 8%c for Languedoc: Peanuts. 5@7c
for Eastern; Fecans, ll@13c; Cocoanuts. $4 50
HONEY— Comb, new, 12%@13%c for white
and Oigllc for amber; new water. white ex
tracted, 5%®fi%c; light amber extracted, 5c;
dark. 3%®4%c.
BEESWAX— 27@29c per lb.
Dried Fru its ,Nuts, Raisins, Honey.
Articles— Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2 —
Sept., new .... 80% 80% 79% SO%
Dec. new .... 82% 82% 81*. 81 %
May" 84% 84% S3*i 81
Corn No. 2 —
September 51% 51% 50% B0%
December 5Hi 51% 60% 50%
May 51% 61% 50% 50%
Oats No. 2 —
September ....'. 35*4 36 35% 35%
December 37% 37% 37% 37%
May 39% 39% 39 39%
Mess Pork, per barrel —
September 13 CO 13 65 13 50 13 65
October 13 SO J3 85 13 «7% 13 80
May 13 50 13 50 13 37% 13 47%
Lard, per 100 pounds —
September « 17% 9 47% 9 17% 9 47%
October 8 37% 8 40 8 37% 8 47%
January 7 32% 7 40 7 27% 7 S7%
Short Ribs per 100 pounds —
September .... 8 00 8 «5 8 fiO 8 fi5
October 8 77% 8 82% 8 75 8 80
January 6 90 6 05 0 S2% C.95
The only chanee is a further decline in
Bran. Hay continues In heavy receipt and
is easy in consequence. The circular of Som
ers & Co. says: "There seems to be but little
diminution in shipments of Hay, the total
for the week being 50CO tons, or only 100 tons
less than for the week preceding. Nothing
of Interest has occurred on the market in any
way. The daily arrivals continue to consist
very largely of the medium grades of Hay
only, and the situation remains practically un
changed, with choice wheat Hay In good de
mand, and a fancy car of same, occasionally
selling at an advance on regular quotations.
We are convinced that we are nearing the
end of our heavy shipments, for the report
comes from many districts that the worst is
now ovor and that before the end of the
month the fields will be cleaned.
"With reference to the outlook during the
winter everythlns seems to point toward an
advance on present quotations. There has
been such a general tendency to buy quite
heavily on the part of the dealers throughout
the country that in some sections the entire
crop has been purchased and marketed. To
these districts Hay will have to be shipped
back to supply them during the winter, and
already we i.ote some inquiry toward this end.
With a continuance of the coastwise demand
we should have a fairly active market during
the winter, so although no extreme • figures
may be looked for yet. It may be reasonably
expected that there will be sufficient advance
over present prices to well repay the cost of
carrying Hay in the country.
"The Government order has not been let as
yet. but bids will be submitted this week.
Should the contract be awarded In this city it
may tend to help market conditions here some
what."
BRAN— $23624 per ton.
MIDDLINGS — $20 50®28 per ton.
SHORTS — $23<7|24 Der ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley. $24@25 per
ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill, $20@26 50; Job
bing, $27627 50; Cocoanut Cake. $210:22:
Corn Meal $33@33 50; Cracked Corn, $33 509
34 50: Mixed Feed, $22 50®23 00; Horse Beans.
$2«W30 per> ton.
HAY— Wheat $11@14 50, with sales of extra
choice at $15; Wheat and Oat. $11@13 00; Oat,
$10@13; Wild Oat $9 60@H 50; Barley. $f>@ll;
Clover, $8 GO011; Stock, $8®9; Alfalfa. $95031
10 50 per ton. ,
STRAW— 35®65o per bale.
Hay and Fccdstuffs.
At an executive session of the California
Stock and Oil Exchange on the 8th. the fol
lowing officers were elected for the year: Pres
ident. Howard H. Shinn; vice president. Jo
seph B. TopUtz; secretary. H. L. Coffin; treas
urer. William Hlnkel; chairman. Joseph L.
King; arbitration committee. H. L. Coffin,
chairman: H A. Marvin, C. M. Kllbourn.
Josua Eppinger, Frank R. Lewis, E. C.
Ewell. Joseph L. King.
The following dividends will b# payable on
the 15th: The Debenture Surety Company,
monthly dividend of 5 cents per share; the '
Contra Costa Water Company, monthly divi
dend of 32 cents; the Presidio and Ferries Rail
road Company, monthly dividend of 20 cents;
the United Gas and Electric Company, monthly !
dividend of 15 rents; Port Costa Water Com
pany, monthly dividend of 30 cents.
The Daly-West Mining Company of Utah has
declared a monthly dividend of 65 cents per
Stock and Bond Exchange.
THURSDAY. Sept. 10 — 2 p. m.
UNITED STATES B0XDS.
Bld.Ask. Bid.Ask.
4s qr coup... — — 43 qr c (new) —
4» qr reg.... — — 3s qr coup. ..107
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS. -
Ala A W 5s. — Eto 5s
Bay CPC 5s. .— 103 Do con 5s.
Cal C G 53.103 — O W C G 5a — 06
Cal G & E g Oceanic S 5s. —
m & Ct 5s. — 102% Om C R 6s. — __
Cal-8t 5s ... — — Pac G Im4s.
C C Wat 5s. — 101 P E Ry 3s.. Ilfti'
Ed L&P 6s.. — — P & C H 6s. — __ '*
F & C H 6s. — — P & O R 6s.
Geary-st 5s.. — — Powell-st 6s
H C & S5%s — — S E G&R 5s. — _
H C & S 5s. 90 99% SF & SJV5a.l20 l*>0t4
Hon R T 6s. — 107 S R of C 6s. — -_
L A Elec 5s. — — S P of A 6s
L A Ry 5s.. — — (1900) _
L A L Co «s. — — ;i»10) 109W
Do gtd «S. — — S P of C 6s
Do gtd 5s. — — (1905)Sr A.104 —
LAP lem 5s. — — (1005)Sr B. — —
Mkt-st c r>s. — 122% ano«) .lorttiora
Do lem 5sll5% — (1912) .. . — —
NRRof C 6s. — — S P C leg 5s. —
NRCof C 5s. — 119% DO stmpd..lO8 lCn
N P C R 5b.107%Hk-. S P B R 6s.. — 140
NCR 5s.. — — g V Wat tis. — 106%
N C P C 5s. — — Do 4s 2dm. fK>m0O
N S R 5s... — 100% Do 4s 3dm. OS* —
O G L H 5s. — — Stks G&E «s. — —
O T Co Ca.. — 122% tT O & E 5s. — —
. WATER STOCKS.
Contra Costa 48% 55 I Port Costa.. — — -
Marin Co. .. — — ISpring Val.. at 84%
GAS AND ELECTRIC.
Cent L&P.— 5 Sac E G & R — —
Equit Gas./. — — S F G & E. 69% 70
¦ Mutual EL.— 14 S F Gas ... — —
Pac G Imp. — 53% Stock G&E — —
! Pac Lighting 5ti — U G & E.... — —
Ex-dividend yesterday — The California Street
Cable Railroad Company, monthly dividend of
75 cents; Giant Consolidated Powder Company,
regular monthly. 50 cents per 9hare. amount
ing to 510,000; California Wine Association,
regular monthly. 60 cents per share, amount-
Ing to $26, CCO 26.
The options on "rights" to subscribe at $300
per share to 167 shares of the new stock
of the Bank of California were sold at auc
tion on Tuesday at noon from the steps of
the San Francisco Stock Exchange for ac
count of the estate of Julius Friedman. The
sales ranged from $100 to $170-.
Local securities continued very quiet, the
only fluctuation worthy of note being an ad
vance in Alaska Packers to $151 25. The gas
stocks were firm and slightly higher. The oil
stocks were dull.
STOCK MARKET.
Weather Report.
The local millers are now all working in
harmony again. The demand, for Millstuffs la
nothing extra.
FLOUR — California Family Extras. $4 60@
4 85, usual terms; Bakers' Extras, $4 50@4 60;
Oregon and Washington. $3 90«4 20 per bbl
for family and $3 U0@4 40 for Bakers.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices in packages are as
follows: Graham Flour. $3 25 per 100 lbs; Rye
Flour, $3 25; Rye Meal. $3; Rice Flour, $7;
Corn Meal, $3 25; extra cream do, $4; Oat
Groats, $4 50; Hominy. $t#4 25; Buckwheat
Flour, $4 50@4 75; Cracked Wheat. $.1 75; Fa
rina $4 50; Whole Wheat Flour, $3 50; Rolled
Oata bbls, *7 25@S 60: in sacks, $6 75@8 10;
Pearl Barley. $«; Split Peas, boxes, $7; Green
Peas, $5 60 per 100 lbs.
Flour and Millstuffs.
CHICAGO. Sept. 10.— The wheat market
was steady at about yesterday's figures. An
easier tone soon prevailed, however. Inducing
some bearish report, commission houses and
long holders letting go considerable quantities.
December closed at Sl%ig81»ic.
Continued mild weather in the corn belt
brought out quantities of long corn, and al
though local bulls offered considerable support
early prices continued to sag". Commission
houses generally were on the selling side and
shorts who had covered on the froet scare put
out their lines. December sold down from the
opening, 51c to 51'i@50%c. closing at 50%@
50 %e.
There was general good buying in oats, in
fiuenctd by heavy rains' In many sections. De
cember ruled strong, closing %c higher at
37<&c after ranging between 37%@37%c.
Yesterday's strength in provisions held to
day butm a less degree, pork being up at
its best 25c. but easing off on liquidation by
longs with profits. There was a light run of
hogs and local traders gave the market sup
port. Closing prlcea were $13 80 for October
I>ork a gain of 20c. with lard up 17%c at
$S 47% and ribs 10c higher at $8 SO.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Chicago Grain Market.
FOR THURSDAY. SEPTEMER 10.
Flour, qr sks .. 42,5K7|Wool, bales .... 25<>
Wheat, ctls 2O.S):lT.!Feed. sacks . .". . 22
Barley, ctls 53.122, Tallow, ctls .... 433 1
Oats, ctls 4,030 Pelts. No 2R0
Rye. ctls 600'Hide?. No &4t)
Beans, sacks .. 2,393 Quicksilver, flks 11
Potatoes, sacks. 5.4SO,Paper, reams .. 20
Onions, sacks . . 2..170 Sugar, ctls 3.COO
Bran, sacks . 1.5C3 Leather, rolls .. 93:
Middlings, sacks l.Ofio Wine, gals 66.7<H>
Hay, tons 1.26H Lime, bbls 5C0
Hops, bales .... 246
OREGON.
Wheat, ctls lfi.o." [Feed, sacks .... 2.500
Oats, ctls 3fi0|
WASHINGTON.
Flour, qr sks .. 7.5OtiJWheat, ctls .... 3,50o
Receipts of Produce.
GRAPES— Seedless. 50@75c per box; Isabella.
754?8">c per box or crate; other varieties, 35@
f.Oc for small boxes, 50®75c for crates and
75ciffil for large open boxes; Wine Grapes. $22
<!?25 per ton for Zinfandel and $15@16 for
Muscat.
MELONS — Cantaloupes. $1 2r>@l 75 per crate;
Nutmeff Melons, 40i@75c per box; Watermelons,
SSfS-'O per hundred.
CITRUS FRUITS— Oranges, $2 75@3 for fan
cy Valenclas. $2ig2 50 for choice and $1 25®
1 50 for Standard: Seedlings, $1@1 25; Lemons.
$1©3 per box. with some fancy higher; Grape
Fruit $1 "5©2 25; Mexican Limes, — ; Ba
nanas' $2®3 per bunch tor Central American
and $1 25^2 for Hawaiian; Pineapples, $2 50@
3 per dozen.
APPLES — S5c@$l 10 per box for fancy. 80^
75c for good to choice and 25@40c for common;
Crabapplea, $1 25 for large boxes.
PEARS — Bnrtlcttfi. $14il 25; winter varie
ties. 60ifi90e per box. according to size of box.
QUINCES — 40gfi0c per box.
j'XGS — Black. «;r>iJtOOc for double layers, 35©
fiOc for drawers and single layers and $1191 25
for large boxes from the river; White. 5O@75o
for double layers and 25@5Oc for drawers and
single layers.
PRUNES— 50@fi0c per crate and 30®40c per
box: large open boxes. M@75c: per ton, $25.
PEACHES — Small boxes. 60<gS5c; carriers.
65^lH'c: large open boxes. 50-gSoc; per ton, $25
for Clingstones.
POMEGRANATES — 5fWfC5c per box.
The local demand for fruits was steady, and
as strictly high-grade stock was in somewhat
limited supply, prices for that class of goods
were well sustained. Peaches were the firmest
article on the list. The canners were still of
fering $25 per ton for clingstones, but offer
ings in bulk were disposed of to the regular
trade at better prices. Bartlett Pears were
easier. A carload came in from Southern Ore
gon, part of which sold to the trade at $1@1 25
per box, the balance going to the canners at
$40 per ton. Winter Pears and trashy Apples
were abundant and dull. Good sound Apples
met with a good demand at steady rates.
Prunes were in free supply, but as the demand
was better prices showed more firmness.
Plums have about had their run and the quota
tions are withdrawn. Figs arrived freely from
several sections and sold slowly at easier
prices. Pomegranates and Quinces were duh.
Watermelons were fairly actH'e and steady,
while Cantaloupes and Nutmeg Melons were
higher under a brisk demand and light re
ceipts. Table Grapes were plentiful and easy
except for fancy Seedless nnd Isabella. Five
crates of the white Comichon variety cam* in
from Alma and sold at 75&85c per crate.
Wine Grapes arrived freely from Antloch and
Oakley and moved slowly. Very few sales
were reported above $2t per ton. Huckleber
ries were steady under a good demand, but
other Berries were easier, receipts being ample,
the carryover large and the demand light.
The market was bare of Mexican Limes. A
steamer arrived from Mexico late in the day
with several hundred cases, most of which had
been sold to arrive. The fresh arrivals will
be marketed to-day. Oranges. Lemons and Ba
nanas stood as previously quoted.
One or two cars of Cape Cod Cranberries are
reported onihe way here and will be available
In a few days. They are selling to arrive at
$1) per barrel.
STRAWBERRIES — $1 5OS3 for Mallndas and
$4^5 for other large varieties; Longworths,
nominal.
RASPBERRIES— $4j?7 per chest.
BLACKBERRIES— $2tfl3 per chest for ordi
nary and $4 for fancy from Santa Cruz.
HUCKLEBERRIES — 7(gSc per lb.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
The £350,000 sterling brought up from Syd- '
ney on the 7th by the steamer Sonoma has, i
it is understood, been deposited at the local ;
Mint in exchange for telegraphic transfers on :
the New York Sub-Treasury.
Silver advanced 1
Sterling Exchange. slNty days — $4 83%
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 8t!%
Sterling Exchange, cables — 4 87}«,
New York Exchange, sight — 07 Va ,
New York .Exchange, telegraphic. — 10 !
Silver, per ounce — 57%
Mexican Dollars, nominal — 45^4
Wheat and Other Grains.
WHEAT— All markets, both here and In Eu
rope, continue featureless. Chicago was lower
yesterday, with a light cash demand. Duluth
reported an improved demand from the East
ern mills.
There was nothing new in this market
worthy of note.
CASH WHEAT.
California Club, $1 45<31 32'4; California
White Australian. $1 r.Sftl KO: Northern Club.
$1 45@1 60; Northern Blue Stem. $15581 57',i;
Oregon Valley, ?1 52Vj.
•FUTURES.
Session 9 to 11:30 a. m.
Open. High. Low. Close
December . .$1 47% ?1 4SV, $1 47% $1 47-%
May 1 4S»i 1 48% 1 4SVj 1 4S}i
2 p. m. session.
No sales.
BARLEY — Continues firm, at a further ad
vance in the cash grain. Receipts have bces«
large of late and offerings on "Change are
mere liberal In consequence. The demand for
brewing and shipping: grades is reported ex
cellent.
CASH BARLEY.
Fe«d. $1 13*J<jJl 10'i; Shipping and Brewing,
$1 20® 1 25; Chevalier, $1 2i;@l 50 for fair to
choice.
FUTURES.
Session 9 to 11:30 a. m.
Open. High. Low. Close.
December . .*1 15>^ $1 15% $1 IS',* $1 15y»
2 o. m. session.
December . .$1 15%
OATS — Steady at unchanged quotations.
White, $1 20@l 32%; Black. 51 20@l 55;
; Red, $1 20@l 22% for common and $1 25@
1 35 for choice; Gray. $1 27% per ctl.
CORN — There is nothing new to report.
; Trade is quiet.
Western, sacked, $1 42%@1 45 for Yellow
and White and $1 42% for mixed; California
large Yellow. $1 55^1 57%; small round do,
$1 7l'@l 75; White, $1 55 per ctl.
; RYE— $1 20®l 27% per ctr.
1 BUCKWHEAT— $2 25®2 50 per ctl.
The New York circular of Henry Clews says:
"Several sources of anxiety c#the Stock Ex
change are either disappearing or have become
much less acute than at any time this year.
Among these are the monetary outlook, the
<rop situation, the Furply of undigested securi
ties, the labor agitation ar.d the cotton corner.
It is perfectly correct to say mat all of these
iroLlems are much less perplexing to-day than
et any time since their creation, and the prob
ability is that the distrust which they bave en
tendered will gradually disappear in the ab
sence of further unfavorable developments. Re
actionary forces have already led to some re
covery, undue despondency is passing away and
values are gradually rising to a level more com
rr.enturate.with present conditions. Specula
tive activity cactlnues llniifd. partly be-cauf"
at holidays and partly because confidence is
pvl fully restored, but chiefly because the mar
ket leaders fre not yet prepared for an ag
£r.*6£ive camj-aigTi. Many cf the large oper
ators are still absent, and those who control
lig lending institutions very rroperiy wish to
i^ee a satisfactory outcome of money and crop
'ur-*rtaintles before withdrawing their restraint
i:!«jn market oj>erations. Such restraint cer
tamiy exist* and «=o long as such power is
• rs*"rvattv<!y exercised the community at large
w.ll benefit.
"'The money outlook is much better than an-
H^j.at.K! a few months ago. Crop demands are
now commencing and will expand for pome
w«>k* to come. The West may be better able
t.-> finance the crop than usual, but the -Ira'.n
upon New York will nevertheless have to be
fa«ed ar.d from now on no surprise need be
at declining reserves. While the ro
!-. rve is not large. It i* about doubl* '.hat of
this p«riod for the last two years. Speculative
locu'.rereents hav« been much reduced and tiie
willingness of the Secretary at the Treasury to
$40 000,000 of Internal revenue receipts
in an'»menjMiey makes the monetary prospect
irasonab'.y assuring. A further source of re
lief is Europe'* readiness to renew her credits
t« «ood American borrowers, thus leaving
lenders here more freedom in providing for
r-orit. requirement*. Mercantile borrowers need
bave no alarm. The bank* are eure to give arn
j.. accommodation to all legitimate mercantile
wants, and though rates are likely to be hish
no inconveni«>nc* n«-cd be anticipated In this
«uaiter, specially as many merchants are pur
minir a hand-to-mouth polio' as a simple mat
" of prudenc*. In fact, the conservative
KnirH displayed in all classes of bufiness opera
tfor.* If Hk'lV to materially relieve the pressure
upon th« money market ana ultimately
?tr-nrthen the general Fituation. Later on we
"jti^importing gold in payment for our
«rtrultHT»! product*, for which we are certain
,f a goM during the next «ix months
a t profitable prices. In ¦bort there it now lit
flV if any cause for anxiety concerning the
l£mlv irlrket for the reir.air.fler of the year,
I£ 2or£ 5£t can herpen from present Indica
ti'nT b?!ni n.emporary flurries when the cur
ri™y SSrenMtTcr dividend preparations are
at their climax."
THE SITUATION CLEARER AND THE OUT
LOOK REASSURING.
Moncx and Stocks.
TRUSTEES' CERTIFICATES.
S F a & C — «9H(
INSURANCE.
Flrera'g Fnd. — — /
BANK STOCKS.
Am Nat! Bie. — — LPAA — —
Anglo-Cal .. — 100 Mer Trust... — —
Bank of Cal. — — Merch Ex . . — —
Cal Safe Dp. — — S F Natlonl — —
First Natlonl — —
SAVINGS BANKS.
Ger S & L.. — » — ISav & L. So. 85 —
Hum S & L. — — Sec Sav Bis. — » —
Mutual Sav.. — — Union T Co. — —
S F Sav U..3S0 700 I
STREET RAILROADS.
California .. — — lPresidlo .... — 41
Geary — — •
POWDER.
Giant 64 64%ilVigorJt 5 &H
SUGAR.
liana P Co. 1 — iKilauea S C — —
Hawaiian C. 44H 45 Makawell C. 22% —
Honokaa. S C 13»^ 13% Onomea, S C. 30 —
Hutch S P C 13 14 iPaauhau S C 18 18H
MISCELLANEOUS.
Alaska Pack 151 132V4 'Oceanic 3 Co 6^ lh%
Cal Fruit As. 91 — Pac A F A.. — —
Cal Wine A«. 06 OS |Pac C Borx.167 —
Morning Session.
Board —
5 Alaska Packers* Assn 130 PO
1C0 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar.. 44 23
60 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar.. 44 50
30 Honokaa ." W 25
50 Oceanic S S C» 7 0<>
ICO S F Gas & Electric Co «3 V»
$10,000 S P of C 6 per cent (1906) 107 5O
30 Spring Valley Water W 50
10 Spring Valley Wat»r *? <"
150 Vlgortt Powder 5 23
Afternoon Session.
Board —
40 Alaska Packers' Assn 151 23
10 Oceanic S S Co 7 00
$5000 Pacific Elec Ry 5 per cent 110 OO
20 S F Gas & Electric Co 6* 75
I1000S V 4 per cent bonds <2d mort). 9ft 75
130 Trustees' Certificates (S F G & E) 60 25
California Stock and Oil Exchange
011 Stock— Bid* Asked.
Caribou Oil Co 1 05 1 V*
Four Oil 70
Hanford Oil 134 00
Home Oil 85 • 9O
Imperial Oil 19 «»
Independence Oil 17 IS
Junction Oil 2O 21
Kern Oil 5 23
Lion Oil '.'.. Kt
Monte Cristo- Oil 75 78
Monarch Oil CO
Oil City Petroleum 23 30
Peerless Oil 13 5O
Reed Crude Oil 41
San Joaquln Oil 5 50
Sterling Otl 2 70 3 00
Thirty-three Oil 7 OO 8 00
Twenty-eight Oil 450
Union Oil 6* 00
United Petroleum 10O Ort
West Shore Oil 3 00 3 25
Miscellaneous —
Abby Land.& Improvement. 1 20 1 45
Alameda Biscuit 29 OO
American Uiscult SS CO 85 00
American District Tel ....
Ray Counties Power ....
Cal Central Gas & Electric ....
California Cotton Mills 88 00 ....
California Jockey Club 105 00
California Powder
California Shipping Co 2* 00
Cal Title Ins & Trust 130 OO 140 00
Central Bank of Oakland.. 60 OO
Chutes Company 7 50 850
City & County Bank ....
Cypress Lawn Imp Co 6 50
Eastern Dynamite ....
Ewa Sugar Plantation .
Equitable (Pool) Gas
Gas Consumers' Assn 22 50
Honolulu Sugar 19 00
London & S F Bank (Ltd.) ...".
Mercantile Trust .... .
Northern California Power 9 SO
Nevada National Bank ....
North Shore Railroad 8 50 9 .V>
Orpheum Company 15 00
Pacific States Tel & Tel 122 50
Paraffin© Paint 33 CO ....
Postal Device & Imp
Fan Francisco Dry Dock... 47 OO ....
Sausalito Land & Ferry... Ifl OO ....
Sperry . Flour Company .... 27 50 30 OO
Standard Electric IS 00
Truckee Electric 13 25 13 00
Union Sugar 22 50 ....
! United Gas & Electric 34 50 ....
Western Fish Co ....
Morning Session.
Board —
100 Hpnte Cristo Oil 75
500 Monarch Oil 53
Afternoon Session.
Board —
20O Toltec Oil «f>
100 Caribou Oil t 10
100 Caribou Oil \ or,
T.00 Caribou Oil is 90) 1 02U
.15 Home Oil §0
NEW YORK. Sept. 10. — FLOUR — Receipts,
20 0S'»- exports. 3OOt5. Dull and nominal.
WHEAT— Receipts, 24,375 bushels. Spot, ,
easy- No. 2 red, 84 T ic elevator and No. 2 red
87%c for f. o. b. afloat; new Northern Duluth,
03^50 f. o. b. afloat; No. 1 hard Manitoba, 93%c
f. o. b. afloat. After a brief opening steadi
ness Wheat sold off, becoming weak at mid
day, with Corn and under active liquidation.
Later heaviness was associated with rumors
that crop rrtiort would be bearish. The market
closed weak, Nff^c net lower; May, fvS®
8!) l-16c, closed 88%c: September. 80T<i@S7%c.
closed S7c; December, S7 3-lCc@S8c, closed
87 -Sc.
HOPS — Firm. State 1903, medium and
choice, 26930c: 1902. common to choice, 21®
2t>Uc; oldsT O^Sloc; Pacific Coast, 1003, medium
to choice, 2tj@.'!0c; 1U02, common to choice, 21Q
2t>u.e; olds, r J@lHc.
HIDES— Steady.
PETROLEUM— Steady.
WOOL — Quiet.
SUGAR— Firm. Refined, firm.
COFFEE — Spot Rio. firm; No. 7 invoice.
5 3-16c: mild, quiet. The market for Coffee tu
tures opened quiet at unchanged prices, but as
the session progressed turned slightly more ac
tive and firmer.with prices at one time showing
a gain of 5 to 10 points on the smaller primary
movement and steady European cables, adverse
crop news and reduced estimates for the mar
keting crop. Toward the close, however, de
mand becamo leps active and moderate liqui
dation closed the market off from the best.
The final tone was steady, unchanged to 5
points higher. Sales, 14.5(M) bags.; September,
4.05©4.10c; October. 4.15c: November, 4.20*8
4.:ir>c; December, 4.50c; January, 4.C0c; March,
4.C5c; May, 4.9<ic; July. 5c.
DRIED FRUITS.
EVAPORATED APPLES— The market con
tinues quiet. Old fruit is in limited supply
and new Is arriving slowly. At the same time
demand is light and the- market has an easier
tone. Common, 435c: prime, 5Vi©5%c; choice,
e@6Vic: fancy, 6*4@7^sc.
PRUNES — Firm, with a fair jobbing move
ment reported. Quotations range from 4Vi to
7c for all erades. *
APRICOTS — Are in fair demand and prices
are firmly maintained. Choice. fl 1 /j'ff'9%c: ex
tra choice. OVi'SlOHc, and fancy. Il^jftl2c.
PEACHES — Steady: 7Vi@7*;c for choice and
7*4S!sV4c for extra choice.
Ne-iU York Grain and Produce.
Exchange and Bullion.
LOCAL MARKETS.
EGGS — Ranch, 35<ft3Gc for large white se
lected and 30@.'!4c for fair to choice; store.
22ViW27c: cold storage. 24Q26c; Eastern, 21©
24c oer dozen.
Butt»r is showing the effects of the recent
hot 1 weather. Humboldt creameries are still
cool and solid, but receipts from nearby points
are mostly soft and out of shape. As usual
under these conditions everything soft, no
matter what the brand, is weak, and fine hard
goods are firm. - Sales of the latter at 30c are
quoted, but the quantity is hardly sufficient
for a positive quotation.
Cheese is still weak and plentiful.
Eggs have moved up another notch and fresh
are in light supply.
Receipts were 3S.200 lbs Butter, 1445 cases
Eggs and 4400 lbs Cheese.
BUTTER — Creamery, 28V,«r20c for extras
and 25®27Hc for seconds; dairy, 21@23c; store
Butter, 17Vj®1Uc: cold storage. 24®25c; East
ern, 23@24c per lb.
CHEESE— New, 12@12#c; Young America,
13@14c; Eastern, 15@16c; Western, 14@15c
I>er lb.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
RED AND WHITE LEAD — Red Lead. €9
6»4c per lb; White Lead. 6@tJ^c. according to
quantity.
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refining
Company Quotes as follows, per lb, . In
100-lb bags: Cubes. A Crushed and Fine
Crushed 5.83c; Powdered. 5.70c; Candy Gran
ulated. 5.70c: Dry Granulated, fine, 5.60c: Dry
Granulated, coarse. 5.60c: Fruit Granulated.
S.CCc; Beet Granulated (100-lb bags only), — ;
Confectioners' A. 5.60c; Magnolia A. 5.20c; Ex
tra C. 5.10c; Golden C. 5c: "D." 4.90c; barrels^
10c more; half barrels. 23c more; boxes. 50*
more; 60-lb bags, 10c more for all kinds. Tab
lets — Half barrels. 6.10c; boxes. 6.35c per lb.
No orders taken for less than seventy-five bar
rels or Its equivalent.
CANNED SALMON— The market Is firm and
advancing, both here and abroad, with fre*
transactions at the opening prices of $1 50 for
tails and $1 fiO for flats. The pack will be
'lighter than last year.
The Lonion Grocers' Gazette of August 22
says of Salmon In Liverpool :
"As anticipated last week, prices have
jumped up very considerably and limits are
about Is 6d?I2s Cd above these that ruled this
day week. There is every likelihood that Sal
mon will advance much higher for choice goods.
There is a good demand for all the best brands,
and probably the dear prices of high-class
gccls may influence the sale of lower qualities,
which have dragged very much of late." '
BAGS — Grain Bags, B@5Vic; San Quentln.
5 55c; Wool Bags. ;)2®35c: Fleece Twine. 7%©
8c: Cotton Fruit Bags, 6%c. «%c and 7%c for
the three grad?s; Brown Jute, t5V»®»^ c -
COAL — Wellington, $8 per ton; New Wel
lington. |S; Seattle, JO 50; Bryant, $6 50; Bea
ver Hill, |5 00: Stanford, $7; Roslyn. 17; Coos
Bay. J5 60: Greta. |7: Wallsend. |7; Rich
mond. $7 50; Cumberland. $13 In bulk and
$14 25 In sacks; Welsh Anthracite Egg. $13;
Welsh Lump. *11 50: Cannel. $S 50 per ton;
Coke, $11 50C13 per ton In bulk and $15 in
Flicks; Rocky Mountain descriptions. $S 45 per
2000 lbs and $S 60 per ton, according to brand.
OIL— Linseed. 44c for boiled and 42c for raw
in barrels: cases. 5c more: Castor Oil. In cases.
No. 1. 70c; Paker3' AA. $1 10@l 12: Lucol. 41c
for boiled and 39c for raw in barrels; Lard Oil.
extra winter strained, barrels. 90c: cases. 95c;
China Nut. 55#70c per gallon; pure Neats
foot. In barrels. 75c; cases, SOc; Sperm,- pure,
70c; Whale Oil, natural whiu\ 50@55c per gal-
Jon; Fish Oil, in barrels. 45c; cases. 50c; Co
coanut Oil, In barrels, 58c for Ceylon and 55c
for Australian.
COAL OIL — Water 'White Coal Oil in bulk.
14c; Pearl Oil in ca.*es, 20Uc; Astral. 20»4c;
Star. 21'V-c: Extra Star. 24t,c: Elaine. 20» a c:
Eocene, 23',4c; deodorized Stove Gasoline, in
bulk. 17c; in cases. 23>^c; Benzine, in bulk.
13c: in cases. lO^c: 86-degree Gasoline. In
bulk 21c; in cases. 27%c.
TURPENTINE — 7Sc per gallon In cases and
72c in drums and iron barrels.
General Merchandise.
The export* of bexley from San FTancisco by
»ea iurirx tb« month cf At^ust were as fol
lows:
To— Cental*. Values.
CrMt Britain C25.S7S $627,852
I;»!Fium 133.515 155.00rt
}!&w«:i«a Islands 46,17$ 51.610
Tahiti 2tr3 240
Mexico 11 12
Total* 7O5.2SS $834,620
In August. 1902. the exports were 623.467 cen
taJs. valued at $S4O,S11. In that month 387.157
r^ntaie went to Great Britain. 204.043 to Bel
flum, 118,813 to SL Vincent 1. o., M.422 to
Auttralia and 2S.000 to New York. The exports
Ere UEua.!'y heavy during the month of August,
find «.lthourh the price i* much higher this year
than in 1802 the exiort movement is on a satis
factory b&ElE.
Barley Exports in August.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA, Sept. 10.— WHEAT— Unchanged;
blue stem, fc2c; club, 70c.
PORTLAND. Sept. 10.— WHEAT— Walla
Walla, 78c; Hue stem, S2c; valley, SOc.
PORTLAND. Sept. 10.— Wheat shipments
from this port for the week ending to-day were
SO. 000 bushels.
OREGON,
Northern Wheat Market.
1 extreme weakness of the eteel stocks, which
were sold in large volume, was a disturbing
feature. Stories concerning the action to be
taken on the dividend of steel common, to
gether with adverse trade reports, were freely
circulated, but neither confirmation nor denial
was obtainable from authoritative sources.
Another stock that showed marked weakness
in the early tension was Brooklyn Transit, the
result. It Is said, of a pool dissolution.
Norfolk and Western scored a 1-polnt ad
vance at the opening. Trading relapsed into
extreme dulln«B» in the second hour and the
drift of pticts was again downward. The re
duction in the price of Southern piglron prob
ably influenced the 1>4 per cent decline in
Tennessee Coal and Iron and was not without
1 effect on ether stocks of that class. Colorado
Fuel advanced 2 points for no apparent rea
son.
Business came almost to a standstill In the
early afternoon, but there was some covering
of short contracts, and prices hanienpd In some
Instances, onjy to lose their improvement later.
For the rest of the day business continued
dull, and aside from the further large offerings
and increased weakness 01" the United Stales
Steel stocks, together with some liquidation of
Atchison. the late session was almost feature
less, and closing jirices were generally at the
lowest, only a ftw issues, suoh as St. Paul
and the l^acifles, in the list of standard rail
road chares and some of the class specialties
displaying comparative firmness. London's
operations here were nominal, the only note
worthy feature being the heavy selling of steel.
These issues closed with a net loss of IVj for
the common and l'-j for the preferred.
The bond market lacked feature and moved
irregularly on a small range. Total sales,
$'J20,0UU. United States bonds were all un
changed en the last call.
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
Stocks — Saies. Hizh. Lew. Close.
Atchison ... tKJ.ooO O« la W>V« *»»>Ja
Atchisuii pfd Dl
Bait & Onio 4.UW 62K MS kl!s
Bait & Oaio i>fd... Kmj hti;» bttft tO--j
Canadian Facittc . OW 1114 '„ 1"_'--^ 123fe
Central of N J 10<J
Chesap &. Onio 1W 33 ! t I^i'i &i\i
Chi & Alton ' '£1
chi & Alton pfd C3
Chi & O Western.. 200 17 17 lU^
Chi & G W B pid. 100 Ti% -y^s 30
Chi 6i Northwestrn lt'4^,
Chi Term tc Trans 10
Chi Term A: T pid. 100 W» 20', L'0';
C C C & St Louis.. 3'iU 7i',»j 74^, 74
Colo Jwuthern .... 100 14^ lt% 14
Colo South list pfd 6« J /i
Colo bouth - 1 ptd .... 2*.
Lx?l & Hudson l'0<) lti-l 1CU Ib2
Del Lack & West.. 100 23s SM 2J7
Denver Ac Rio G 24 =Ji
l>envtr Ac R G pfd 7«
Krie 4,400 29\ *JU4 rj^
Ene tat Pfd 1.000 «7Va ti7'/» ti«M*
Erie tM 9fd 51
Great Northern pfd 100
Hocking Valley C8
Hocklr.g Val pfd 58
Illinois Central ... 1,000 13.5^ 132*4 1jj%
Iowa Central 100 l'Jft VJ% 19
Iowa Central pfd 37
K C Southern '-¦!%
K C Southern pfd 30
Louis &. Nash 2.000 1O5»4 104 »; 105
Manhattan L 1,900 137 13<i^ 13«V-i
Metropolitan St Ry 000 1141-4 H3\i 114V4
Minn & St Louis 52
Missouri Pacific ... 5,900 94U Sio^ D3«4
Mo Kan & Texas.. 800 20^ 20 10%
I Mo Kan & Tex pfd 100 41*4 41% 41^
Nt R R of Mex ptd 41>-j
N Y Central 2OO 123 122% 122 H,
Norfolk &. West... 2,200 G3 t2 t>2
Norf & West pfd &S
Ontario & Western 7u0 2."Vi '-'> 22 %
Pennsylvania 6.000 123V 4 124»4 124^
Pitts C C & St L 62
Reading 10,500 54»,-i f.4% 54
Reading lEt pfd 78%
Reading 2d pfd *S
Rock Island Co 14.r,0<> 29Vi '-*% 28%
Rock Island Co pfd 100 0o% O74 tt4
IJt L & S F l»t pfd 65
St L & S F 2d pfd. 200 50 50 491$
Ft Louts S W K«O l«j 10 *m- t
St Louis S W pfd.. .V*> 3«V4 of. 30 Si
St Paul 11.200 143ft 1427s 1**%
St Paul 2fd 172
Southern Pacific .. l.ftOO 45^ 45% 45V*
Southern Railway. 1.700 2-3^ 22% 22%
Southern Ry pfd... I0O 84 84 R4
Texas & Pacifle... .100 27 27 20%
Tol Kt L & West.. 300 22% 22% 21
To! St L & W pfd 28^
Union Pacific 21.200 76U 75% 75%
Union Pacific pfd 86%
Wabaf h 21 tj
Waba?h pfd 500 C5"£ «5V4 35H
W & Lake Krie 1714
Wisconsin Central. 5O0 18 1» 18=4
Wisconsin Cent pfd 200 30% 3»% 38^
Express Companies —
Adams 223
American ISO
United States 10:{
Weils-Fargo 210
Miscellaneous —
Amal Copper 12.000 4SU 47^ 47H
Am Car & Fdy 400 32>4 32 31%
Am Car & Fdy pfd '. 82
Am Linseed Oil "10
Am Lin? Oil pfd 43
Am Locomotive ... 100 l«^i 18ft 18H
Am Locomtve pfd 4r» R5V 4 S5I4 fdVi
Am Smelt & R*>far. 1.SO0 43^ 43 4.1>i
Am S & Ref pfd. WX> 90 SOIJ 89%
Am Sugar Refg... 200 115% 115V4 U*¥j
Anaconda Mln Co SO
Hrotklyn Rap Tran 13,000 44V4 42«4 42%
Colo Fuel & Iron.. 1,400 43 424 42
Col & Hock Coal 14>$
Consolidated Oas.. 200 173»i 172>4 173
Ger.er&l Electric .. 500 l«m 103^ H'Chi
InteniatI Paper . . . 100 12% 12% 12-&
IntornatI Taper pfd »:5
Intrrnatl Pump 34->i
Intr-rnatl Pump pfd 70
National Biscuit .. 400 33% 39v4 30^
National Lead .... 15%
North American . 400 77 76 78
Pacific Mall 2ftO 22tf 22U 21 Vi
People's Can 300 04 03% 03%
Prf-seea Pteel Car. 300 41U 41 41
Pruned P Car pfd 80
Pullman Pal Car.. 200 218 218 21S
Republic Steel ... 1,000 11 11 10%
Republic Steel pfd KOO CtJVi fi5« fi5U
Rubber Goods 500 19 10 Ifl
Rubber Goods pfd 70
Tenn Coal & Iron. 5.2<iO 40% 3fl% SMI,
\' S Leather 30O R% 8 7%
D 8 Leather pfd.. 10<J 82 82 ¦ fVVx
V S Rubber 52%
T T S Rubber pfd 42Vi
O S Steel 63.7(V» 21 % 201^ ?oi<,
tt s steel pfd -7.200 70% fl9*4 «:n?;
Western Union 400 S3% 83^4 83%
Total sales 283,850
UNITED RAILROADS OF SAN FRANCISCO.
NEW YORK. Sept. 10.— Bond transactions.
United Railroads of San Francisco: 15.000 at
|7» 37 %•
NEW YORK BONDS.
U S ref 2s reg,..10S^i Hock Val 4Us. . .lO.-ii
V S ref 2s coup.. 100 L & M unlfle'd 4s 0S%
U S 3s reg 108 Manhattan con 4s.l01
U S 3s coup l(ii Mex Cent 4s 70
It I new V r «--p5 M « Cent 1st lnc 16}i
V S new 4s coup.l:>5 Minn & St L 4s 05iI
U S old 4s reg... 109 M. K & T 4s " "jit
TI S old 4s coup.. 110 M. K & T 2ds 7K
U S 5s reg 101 t^X Y Cent g 3^s! J>57»
U S 5s coup 101% N' j Cent g 587..12S
Atchison gen 4b.. 100 Northern Pac 4s 100%
Atchison adjst 4s. 00 Northern Pac 3s. 7o£
Bait & Ohio 4s.. 100 N & W con 4s... !Hi%
Bait & Ohio 3>/4s. 32 Reading gen 4«... 04&
B & O conv 4s... 100 Rock Island 4s.. 73^
Canada South 2ds.lO4% St L&I M con 5s.Hl
Cent of Ga 5s 103 St L & 8 F 4s... 32
Cent of Ga 1st inc 75 St L S W lsts . 94
O & OWo 4»4i.. 10214 BtLS W 2ds... VI
Chi & Alton 3^s. 731, s A & A Pasa Js. 77Vi
C. B & Q new 4s fl.< Southern Pac 4s. SO
C. M & St P K 48.1C3 Southern Ry .5s.. 113 r 4
C & N W con 7s.l30i; Texas & Pac lata.114%
C. n Z & P 4s. .100 Tol. St L. & W 4s 71
SEATTLE, Sept. 10.— Clearings, $775,283;
balance*. $^;o.2co.
TACOMV' S*pt. 10. — Clearings, $385,640;
balances. $."2.N£G.
- PORTLAND. Sopt. 10. — Clearings. $602,024;
balances*, f lO.".,? 1 ;©.
BI'OKANF, Sept. 10.— Clearings, $458,830,
balances, '••j:»,"<24.
Northern Business.
ST. LOUIS. Sept. 10.— Wool— Quiet; medium
grade combing and clcthir.g. 10i821c; light niw.
ir>S?17>,ic: heavy fine, 12314V4c; tub washid,
19©20c.
St. Louis Wool Market.
Poultry ruled firm under moderate receipts
and a good demand. The third car of Western
for the current week was marketed on Wed
nesday and cleaned up well. The receipts of
domestic for two days were light and every
thing cleaned up quickly'at steady prices, with
»alea of -fine large young stock reported over
the quoted rates. Game of good quality sold
off well. A large portion of the receipts came
to hand in bad condition, showing the effects
of the hot weather, and were condemned by
the market Inspectors as unfit for food.
POULTRY — Young Turkeys, 20@22c per lb:
Geene. per pair. $1 50; Goslings, $1 50®2;
Ducke. $.{ 504* i 50 per dozen for old and $4@5
for younsr; Hens, $4 50@5 50; young Roost
ers, $4 50@6; old Rooster?, $4 50@5; Fryers.
*3 5O<&4 50; Broilers, *3<&3 50 for large and
$2 50<g 3 for sn-.ail; Pigeons, $1 50 per dozen
for old and $1 50igl 75 for Squabs.
GAME — Rabbits. $1 25@1 75 per dozen:
Hare,> 75c@$l 25; Wild Doves, 75@S5c per
dozen. s '
Poultry and Game.
NEW YORK, Sept. 10. — The cotton market
opened firm at an advance of 1@9 points, and
closed steady at a net advance of 10 points.
New York Cotton Market.
LAMBS— $2 75f3 per head.
HOGS— Live Hops, 140 to 200 lbs, «c; under
140 lbs, 5%@5%c; Sows. 20 per cent off; Boars.
60 per, cent off. and Stags. 40 per cent oft from
above quotations.
The following quotations are for good»_jound
Livestock, delivered In San Francisco, leas 50
per cent shrinkage for Cattle:
CATTLE: — Steers. 8£9c: Cows and helferm.
7©Sc: thin Cows. 4<S5c per lb.
CALVES — l®5V*c per lb (gross weight).
SHEEP — Wethers. 3Vs©4c; Ewes. 3@3%c per
lb (gross weight). • 1 l .
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers
are as follows:
BEEF — 62f7c for Steers asd 536c per lb
for Cowa.
VEAL— Large, CtfffS^c; small. 9$10c per
pound.
MUTTON— Wethers, 7%0Sttc; Ewet. 7©3c
per lb.
LAMB — 9«10e per" lb. >"
PORK — Dressed Hogs, 8ti©fl^ic per lb.
LIVESTOCK MARKET.
DRESSED MEATS.
The recent hot weather ¦was rather against
the market, as the packers and butchers did
not like to buy freely, hence supplies are fully
up to all current needs and the market U
easy. Prlcea show no change.
Meat Market.
Nezv York Stocks easier on the day.
Local Stocks and Bonds very quiet.
Silver advances V^c. Exchange unchanged.
Wheat firm, but featureless. Barley higher.
Oats and Rye steady and Corn easy.
Local feed mills again operating in harmony.
Bran lozcer. Middlings unchanged. Hay arriving freely.
% Beans still unsettled by the incoming new crop.
Butter showing the effects of the hot weather.
Cheese as prrjiously quoted. Eggs somewhat higher.
Ko further change in Dried Fruits.
Prci'isions higher' at Chicago, but unchanged here.
Cattle, Sheep and Hogs in ample supply.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables in large supply.
Poultry in moderate receipt and good demand.
Most of the Game condemned by the market inspectors.
Canned Salmon in good demand and firm.
Fair demand for Fresh Fruits. Cranberries on the way from the
East.
Hops still higher and very firm.
NEW YORK. Sept. 10. — Spot tin waa Ba
higher In London at £122 5s, and futures re
mained unchanged at £121. Locally tin. was
nrm.' with spot quoted at $26 67%<&27.
Copper was unchanged In London, spot clos
ing at £57 17s 6d and futures at £57 2s 6d.
Locally copper was quiet; lake, $13 75; elec
trolytic, $13 02i-i. -and casting. $13 37Vi@13 M.
Lead was unchanged in the English market,
closing at £11 6s 3d, and locally It was arm
at S4 oS.
Spelter remained unchanged In London nt
£21 2s 6d and in New York at $8.
Iron closed at 51s 3d in GlaFgow and at 46a
3d in Mlddlesboro. Locally Iron was Quiet;
No. 1 foundry northern, f 17: No. 2 foundry
northern. 116 50; No. 1 foundry southern and
No. 1 foundry southern soft. $15 50<glO 50.
Warrants unchanged and nominal.
New York Metal Market.
Bar silver, firm, 'JO U-lGd per ounce. Money.
2-4S3 P pr cent. The rate of discount in the
open market for short bills is .1%@"» 11-16 per
cent, and for three months' bills 3 ll-\'A l Q'A\
per cent.
LONDON CLOSING STOCKS.
Cons for money.SS* 3-1CIN Y Central 126
Cons for acct. . .bW 5-10 Norfolk & Westn. ««%
Anaconda 4'vNor & West pfd.. 91
AtchiEon ftS^iOntario & Westn. 232
Atchison pfd !>4V Pennsylvania. 64 hi
Bait & Ohio 84 I Rand Mines 9*i
Canadian Paciflc.. 127% Heading 27^
Ches & Ohio 34Vi Reading 1st pfd.. 40>i
Chgo G Western. 17'/4 Reading '_'d pfd... 35
Chgo. M &. St P..14tj\ Southern Ry 2:i-'?8
De Beers 2(>> 4 So Ry pfd B6Va
Denver & Rio Gr. 25'? 4 Southern Pacific.. 46%
D & R G pfd M>u, L'nion Pacific... 77%
Erie Union Pacific pfd. 30
Krie 1st pfd fia^ O S Steel 22'i
Erie 2d pfd 5.1 IT S Steel pfd 7194
Illinois Central... 137 hi Wabash 22Vj
Loulsvl & Nash..lOsVii Wabash pfd 30
Mo, Kans & Tex. 2U'j
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money — Westinghse 'Com. S0%
Call loans 4@5 Mining —
Time loans 5@G Adventure 5'/4
Bonds — • Allouez BO
Atchison 4s &7^ Amalgamated ... 47^a
Mexican Cent 4s.. 72 Daly West 41
Railroads — BIngham 23
Atchlscn 6«% Calumet & Hecla.4»5O
Atchison pfd 91 19
Boston & Albany. 240 ! Copper Range 63
N Y. N H & H..1U6M, ! Dominion Coal... 74^
Fltchburg pfd 134 (Franklin 8Vj
Union Pacific 75Vi;Mohawk 42
Mexican Central.. 12 £ Old Dominion.... 0%
Miscellaneous — jOsoeola CO
American Sugar. .115 Parrot 20»-
Am Sugar pfd IIS 1 /* Quincy 87',i
Am Tel & Tel 1.12 ipar.ta Fe Copper.. 1V»
Dom Iron & Steel. 13% Tamarack 90
General Electric. .U.2 iTrinlty 7}»
Wf»fs Electric 21 V~ I Doited States l'.'v*
Mats Elec pfd.... 18% Utah 27b
United Fruit W/i Victoria 33W
U S Steel 20 Winona 7%
V S Steel pfd o:>!i Wolverine 72
Adams Con .... 10 Little Chief 06
Alice 17 Ontario 6 00
Breece 15 Ophlr 1 00
Brunswick Ccn.. 03 Phoenix 03
Comstock Tun... 07% Potosl 18
Con Cal & Va..l 35 ! Stvage 17
Horn Silver ....1 00 K.erra Ntvada .. 57
Iron Sliver 1 30 Small Hopes ... 25
Leadville Con . . 02 ! Standard 2 25
C C C & St L *4s 96 lUnlon Pac 4s 99i»i
Chi Terminal 4s. J3 (Union Pac con 4s 81**
Colo & South 4s.. 6394 Wabash l«t« 114V*
Con Tob 4s 56<* Wabash 2ds 105
Colo Fuel con 5s. 76% Wabash deb B.. i?%
Den & rtio O 4s. 0S% West Shore 4s ...KOVi
Krie prior lien 4s 'J<j% Wheel & L E 4s. (Sh^
Erie gen 4s S3?ijWis Cent 4s fcl«**
Ft WiD Cy lst.lO3»VFenn con 3%s... 65}«
NEW YORK MINING STOCKS.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
ket was strong. It was learned that
latterly there has been a fair business trans
acted with brewers in 1902 Hops at prices
ranging from 24@2C%c. according to quality,
for both States and Pacifies. More Inquiry is
being received from brewers for 10«3 Hop*,
and for choice grades 2Sc Is the price generally
quoted to brewers. No new developments were
reported from England or the Continent."
HIDES AND SKINS— Culls and brands se'.I
about l%c under quotations. Heavy Salted
Steers, 994c; medium. 8fcc; light. 8c; Cow
Hides, .8c for heavy and Sc for light;
Stags, fie: Salted Kip. 8%c; Salted Veal. 9%c;
Salted Calf. 10c: dry Hides. 15@15%c: dry Kip.
13c; dry Calf. 17c; Sheepskins, shearlings. 25f»
30c each; short wool, 40#50c each; medium. 70
tfOOe; long wool. $131 50 each: Horse Hides,
salt. $2 75 for large and $2S2 50 for medium,
$1 23@1 75 fr.r small and 50c for Colts; Horse
Hides, dry. $1 75 for large and $1 30 for me
dium. $1©1 25 for small and 50c for Colts.
Buck Skins — Dry Mexican. 32 He: dry salted
Mexican. 26c: dry Central American. 32%e
Goat Skins — Prime Angoras. 75c; large and
smooth. 50c; medium. 35c: small, 20c.
TALLOW— No. l rendered. 4%<34%c per lb;
No. 2. -4@4Uc; grease. 2% ©3c.
WOOL — Fall clip— San Joaqutn Lambs'. 90
12c: Foothill. 10@12c; Middle County. ll©13c.
Quotations for spring clip are as follows:
Humboldt and Mendocino. 18«20c; Nevada. 13
©l.'c: Valley Oregon, fine. 18t?l9c; do. medium.
17@lRc; do. coarse. l«®17c per lb.
HOPS— 20®25c per lb for both 1002 and 1003.
ket was weak except for strictly fancy stock,
which was in fair request for local consump
tion. Orders for ehlpplng were scarce, as
markets that have been drawing supplies from
here are being well supplied from other States.
Sweet Potatoes were easier under Increased
receipts. Two cars came In from Merced.
Stocks of Onions wefe large for the market to,
absorb, and prices were shaded.
continued plentiful and prices
had but little variation. Green Corn of good
quality sold oft readily at the maximum quo
tation, while common stock, which was plen
tiful, moved slowly at unsteady rates. To
matoes were abundant and easy. The canners
were offering 30c per box for the bay product,
but were unable to secure any large quantity.
String and Wax Beans were in demand at
firm prices, while Llmas continued abundant
and dull. Green Okra was in excessive sup
ply, and sold at a wide range as to quality.
Cucumbers. Summer Squash and Egg Plant
stood about as nrevlously quoted.-. The de
mand among packers for pickle Cucumbers
was brisk, and although receipts were large
the market cleaned up quickly at steady prices.
POTATOES— Burbanks from the river, 60e@
$1 per ctl, with some fancy higher: Salinas
Burbanks. $1®1 B0 per ctl; River Reds. 80c@
$1 per ctl: Sweet Potatoes, $1 75@1 85 per ctl
for Merceds. and $1 '50@l 75 for river.
ONIONS — JiOQeCc per ctl.
VEGETABLES— Green Corn. 7Sc@$l 50 per
sack; crates from Alameda, fl@l 50; from
Berkeley. 75c@$l; Green Peas, 2@3o per lb;
String Beans, 2%«Mc per lb; Wax. 2Vvfr3c;
Lima Beans, 75c@$l 25 per sack; Tomaloes,
35@5Oc per box for river and 40@75c for bay:
Summer Squash. 30040c per box; Cabbage, 75® '
85c per ctl; Carrots, 75c per sack; Cucumbers.
2f,@60c per box; Pickle Cucumbers. 3@3%e for
No. 1 and l@2%cperlb for others; Garlic, 2@3c
per lb; Green Peppers 25@40c per box or sack;
Green Okra, 25©50c per box; Egg Plant. 40@
50c per box; Marrowfat Squash, $10012 per
ton.
ST. JOSEPH Mo., Sept. 10.—CATTLE-—Re
ceipts. 1477; steady to strong. Native. $4@5 50;
cows and heifers. $1 75#5 25; stockers and
feeders. |2 5O®4 30
HOGS— Receipts 3084: 10@20c higher. Light.
$5 85@6 10; medium and heavy. $5 70@6.
EHEEP — Receipts, 4252; steady.
to choice heavy, $5 80®6 20; rough heavy, $5 35
65 80; light. $5 75gO 20; bulk of sales, $5 70
66. ¦
SHEEP— Receipts 24,000. Sheep and lambs,
steady. Good to choice wethers. $3@3 65; fair
to choice mixed $2®3: Western eheep. $2 75®
3 70: native lambs, $3 5C@5 50; Western lambs,
$3 .10S5 25.
ST. JOSEPH.
THE SAIN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, SEPTEMBER 11, 1903.
Stocks of Potatoes were heavy and the mar-.*
Potatoes; Onions and Vegetables.
Articles — Receipts. Shipments.
Flour barrels 47 732 20,800
Wheat, bushels 302,525 73,380
Corn, bushelg C67.400 477,100
Oats bushels 268.400 170,221
Rye bushels 4,850
Barley, bushels 134,300 1,110
On the Produce Exchange to-day the Butter
market was firm. Creameries, 15i?fl9%o; Dai
ries. 13@17c Cheese, steady. 10@ll%c. Eggs,
firm. 17@lSc.
Foreign Futures.
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat — Sept. Oct.' Dec.
Opening 6 C% 6 fi% 6 6%
Closing 6 ey t 6 6% 6 (5*i
PARIS.
Wheat — . Sept. Jan.-Apl.
Opening 20 C5 20 f>5
Closing 20 70 2100
Flour —
Opening 29 10 27 90
Closing * 29 15 27 05
Eastern Livestock Market.
CHICAGO. Sept. 10.— CATTLE— Receipts,
80OO. including 1500 Texans and 200 Westerns.
Market active and strong. Good to prime
steers. $5 50<g6 05: poor to medium $4@5 25;
r lockers and feeders. ?2 50@4 15; cows, $1 50
©4 60; heifers. $2® 5; canners, fl 60® 2 75;
bulls |2@4 60; calves. $3 50@6 80; Texas fed
stwrs, $3 25@4 «5; Western steers. $3 25@4 50.
HOGS — Receipts to-day. 16,000; to-morrow.
15,000. Market opened 10c higher, closed
lower. Mixed and butchers, $5 0O@U 25; good
Hops are stiff at a further advance, but the
market is quiet, owing to causes already men
tioned. The New York Journal of Commerce
of a recent date says:
"Telegraphic advices from the Coast reported
strong markets, and it was stated that within
the past few days sales of about 1000 balea
1003 California Hops have been made at 23@
23%c these prices were bid for Sonomas. but
growers were firm at 25c. Growers In Oregon
and Washington also were reported as strong
holders and the lowest price they would name
* -., ch"tr« i<>o.; Hops was 23c, with bids or
23%c declined. Numerous complaints of lice
continued to be received from Oregon. /Ad
vices from up the State reported strong mai
kets. and it was quite generally reported that
the crop was coming down lighter than expect
ed, with the result that some of the trade were
reducing crop . estimates. The local mar-
Hides, Tallow, Wool and Hops.
The Bean market continues unsettled, owing
to the incoming of -the new crop, but changes
In quotations are slight. '••
BEANS— Bayos, $2 OOig.1 05; Pea, $3 25:
Butters, $3 25: small White. $2 85<g3; large
White. $2 4502 55; Pink. $2 75@2 00; Red.
$2 00@3; Lima, $.1 30@3 45; Red Kidneys,
nominal; Blackeye. $2 40 per ctl; Horse Beans.
|1 40@l 60
SEEDS— Brown Mustard, nominal; Yellow
Mustard nominal; Flax. $1 70@l 80; Canary.
6tff5%c for Eastern: Alfalfa, nominal; Rape.
1%®2%c: Timothy. 6©0%c; Hemp. 3K@3%c
per lb; Millet. 3@3%c; . Broom Corn Seed. $20®
23 per ton ... ; .
DRIED PEAS— Green. $1 80®2 per ctl.
Beans and Seeds.
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
11
AUCTION SALES
! *x_ UNDER ELECTRIC LIGHT *v^
'^ Grard Anction Sale of Chole#
TSOTTIHO AHO PACING BOB8ZS,
Containing well trained *ons and daughters of
McKlnney, 2:11%: Diablo. 2:u9Vi; Truman.
2:12; Falrose. 2:19%: Tuberose. Ibex, 10.675;
Clarence Wilkes. 2:23%; Gossiper Jr., Sidney,
2:10%; Alexander Button. 2:26%: Del Rey.
2:2.1: Senator B (by Mendoclno>. 2:1»%;
Nephew. Wlnwood. Silkwood. Sable Wllkes.
2:18; Gossiper. 2:13%; Richards' Elector. Lus-
tridon. Direct. 2:05%. Good Gift. Hart Bosw«ll.
Bayswater Wllkes. Montesal (by McKlnney).
Antevolo. 2:19%; Boodle. 2:11%: Charle* Der-
by. 2:20. and many other famous trotting stal-
lions and Hires. Perfect, stylish road horw«.
- guaranteed in every way, having faultl«M ac-
tion and extreme speed. Fln« surrey horse*:
well matched teams: standard and registered
brood mares: extremely fast and promising trot-
ters, handsome saddle horses and several all-
purpoce horses. Seekers after the finest repre-
sentatives of the best trotting families will b#
suited. Not a cull will be offered. Bv«ry ani-
mal must be sold without reserve or limit.
Sale takes plac« at the
OCCIDENTAL HORSE EXCHANGE.
2»6 THIRD ST.. NEAR FOLSOM.
MONDAY EVEIUNG, Sept. 14th, 1903.
Commencing at 7:45 O'clock Sharp-
Horsrs at salesyard Fept. 12. Catalogues
ready. WM. G. LAY NO. Livestock Auctioneer.HIE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, SEPTEMBER 11, 1903.
12
SAV FHANCISCO CALL. j
PUSIXESS OFFICE of the San Francisco
Call comer Market and Third streets; open
cmm 12 o'clock erery night In the year.
BRAKCH OFFICES — 527 Montgomery street,
corner Clay; open until 9::>0 p. m.
KC Hayes street; open until 9:30 p. m.
«"-•«> McAllister street; open ur.til 9:30 p. m.
CIS Lartaa street; cpen until 8:30 p. m.
1211 Ml*.-ioa Mteet; open ur.t!l 10 p. m. ;
Ci«'.l Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
ti^ti! 9 r. m.
l<yj Eleventh street; open until 9 p. m.
HOC Valencia etrtct; open until 0 p. m.
Xortbcast corner Church and Duncan streets;
it on ur.til a r. ro.
NorUrwvst corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky ttr«cts; open until 9 p. m.
220ft Ftlimore street; oren until 9 p. m.
MEETING NOTICES.
CALIFORNIA Commandery No. 1. K. . 1-
r.— fUxnlar *fc»e!nbly THIS EVEN- Tflf
1.VO at 7:^0 o"clock. Order of Tern- Cgj
;•'». All f raters courteously invited. C7
THOMAS H. BROWNE, Commander.
T. L. HENDERSON. Recorder.
FIDELITY Lodge No. 120. F. and A. J»
M.- F::ne;al notice — Officers * n<1> Xjf
Tnotnfo^r* arv requested to asEembie
et ntri :u;d To« nsend *ts. THIS
1».\Y 'FJJIDAYI. tliriirp by 2::iO p. m. tram J
to Hil!* o? Eterniiy Cemetery. <<r purpo»*
of conducting funeral ceremonies of our lam J
c: oilier, ISAAC M. NATHAN. Services will
b* conducted at mortuary chapel. By order j
of the W. M.
FREDERICK BARRY. Secretary. '
PACIFIC I-erfee No. ir.8. F. and A. M. <• . '
Maucaic Temple— Meets THIS EVEN-^Af 1
ING. 7:."» o'clock: first degree. /^Ti. !
OKOHCE PENLINGTON. Secretary. j
PAST ' GRANDS' ASSOCIATION, .oy-na*/ i
1 O O :\ -MR. HENRY.oJ£033S?fe.
PAYOT ••ill K.y sr, illustrated tM»^»*jv~3 ;
lector* THIS EVENING on "The jS^Vfc«f 1
Land of the Rising Sun," under cur susri-
re*. in Memorial Hall. Odd Fellows' build-
ing. Members and their friends welcome
J. N. YOrs-q, President .
SAN FRANCISCO Tent No y JC>^*v
Ih. K. O. T. M — Rrview /W^^hSW
THIS (FHIDATt EVEN- Prh^^k
ING. at 8 o'clock. Pioneer fcHg y? fOfl
D. B OI r'2CHARDS. Tp%sJzrf$&
r.f. ..:¦.; Keeper. '
ATVUU.NK1 S-AT-UW.
ADVICE FREE. ESTABLISHED 22 YEAUS. j
iJlvorc<M> 1 tpeclalty. Private. Culck.
NO PAY UNLESS SUCCESSFUL.
G. W. HOWE. ATTORNEY AT LAW. 1
1322 llarket tt.. o'.fioes f. 2. 3. 4 ard 5. r
BEWARE OF FKAL'DS.
Any on* can advertise, but unles* the adver- {
tt»en:erit cayn "Attorney at La«-"' tte party |
acvertlsing is not a lawyer: don't be fooled.
ADVICE FREE '
COLUMBIAN LAW AGENCY !
Rm. «. 91« Market; tel. Tied 63 S: bad ten-
• r.t« tjected rpredly and reasonably; colleo-
. tiors attended to: attachments; corporations
orgar.ired; civil and criminal practice
P.OBT. W. KING, atty-at-law. Examiner bid.,
rm. 6X1; all cast*, damages, estates, wills,
attachments, collections, etc.: consultation,
free; r.o advance charges; call or writs; even-
:t.« by apr>o!r.tm<-nt. Tel. Rfd 3601.
ADVICE free — I will advance cost in meritori-
ous cases, divorces, probate and all ether law
«s«s: ro fees in advance: oi*n every even-
lr.g. 1. M. THURSTON. 819 Market st.. r. 31.
DIVORCE — C-jsts- $12: quick, quiet; open even- !
:r.F*. 927 MarkU el., room 301. !
L. S. CLARK. Emma S=preckels bldg.. »27 Mar-
ket tt. ; v.-ontultstif n !r»<?; r.o fees in advance.
AITKEN & AITKEN attorneys, rs. 309-10-11.
Cluni« bMr.. 503 California et.; tel. Main 727.
ADVICE free: all cases; open evenings. M.
L. RYAN. 850 Market St.. cor. Stockton.
11IRDS, DOGS. ETC.
YOL'NG talking parrets.fS each;G*nnan singeing
csnanes, $2; we will try to piea&e you; every-
•¦hing in our line at right prices. 1546 Market.
BUSINESS CHANCES.
A SNAP — Must be sold at once; sixty-room
corncT loJging -house, right down in heart of j
the city: only opened about six months and |
t-verythlng new and modern: will be sold for ,
less than co$t. Apply In a hurry to room I
HO., ail building. Third and Market ets. !
Foil SALT— Furniture. carj>ets and good will !
of a ntw brick apartment-house of 17ufrooms. ¦
in the c-|ty> swetlert locality; partly lurnish- ;
• d and although juet opened, lc over half J
Tiled with regular tenants already; long I
I'ase; If you want an apartment-house don't
fail to get particulars of this at rooms
H<U-05. Call building.
JCKW HOTEL FOR SALE. *
Brand new brick hotel 100 rooms, magnifi-
cently furniEhed. with the best grade of fur-
niture and carpets; located in the heart of
the high-grade residence hotel section on a
corner and equipped with every modern ho-
tH convenience, such as electric lights, elec-
tric *-leva.tcr, steam heat, phones in every
room. t>!ll!ard-room. grillroom. etc.; long
!'««•. Apply rooms 14O1-O5. Call building.
r.KTIRING from business — We offer for sale or
rxchar.ge In property one of the be«t -known «
cares in San Francisco; estaMish«d S years
and doing good business. Particulars, ad-
<Jrc«s box 4173. CaU.
F«"'R sale— PHotoeraph studio: best location in
crowing city of Eureka; good business. M.
dress K. S. CHASE, photographer. 3.5. r > F tt.
HAKERY— Vine location in Rio Vista! good
haker win do well. Address DAN Mc-
XHinXVGJt, Rio Vi.<ts. Cal.
•FOR sal* — H-staurant; cash reri.'tor; 3" living
i-oomg: receipts $2<) i*t day. 272:5 Gutter st.
f- > "O—^AI/OON— $200— Come quick! 537 Sixth
Bt.: call <arly.
FOR sale — Golden Gate Restaurant. See pro-
prietor from J to 7 p. m.. 29 Ninth St.; fine
boateeask
FRUIT Ftorc for m!o; goofl paying business.
2 hem-s and 2 ucgons. Call at 1545 Geary.
FOlt sale or rent — Fully equipped, modern?
raying nocpital In Southern California city.
Addreea P. O. box 457. San Bernardino.
FC»r: wile — Good oystrr and chop house. 120
Seventh st.
BOOTBLACK stand for ea!e; oft* the sidewalk.
App'y b'uttlp Club, 57 Ellis st. :
FOR »alf— A good saloon In Oakland. Inquire 1
H PLOT. 1 Telegraph ave. I
FOR SALE — Saloon and garden; 3 years' lease.
117 City Hall ave.. near Lsrkin st.
t.\LOON »ith 4 roome: good place. Inquire
fclEDE BROS. & PLAGEMANN.
F<">n SALE — An inside route on this paper.
I'or particulars apply at offlce.
A bakery; delicacy; all Mor» trade; $25 a day;
price ?lfrtf>: no agents. 71.'. McAllister st.
LODGINU-IIOUSKS roil SALE.
ICO ROOMS; bo«»e for men; rent $140.". •". .5400O !
KR rewmt; south of Market; rent (100.. 2O00 |
24 rooms; comer; part cash; bal. easy. 850 I
II rcoms; good interne; rrnt $20 350 j
21 rooms; rater front; rent $10; lease.. 650 |
3-*0 rooms; cood lease; low rent 6503!
f.7 rms. ; apartmen is; Western Add. ;rent 250
Mon«-y loaned at I per cent.
Hotel*, roadliouses. flats & to 100 rooms
E1TEL A CARP.OLL. 212 Kearny st. j
A— PETERHEN & LARSEN. 1035 Market St.. !
offer select barua;:i in office and sunny
room buildings of 32 and 50 rooms with lease. I
SPIRITUALISM.
ARRIVED — PKOF. FREU P. EVANS, the IaT
Tuouit psychic: ttamp tor circular. 1112 Eddy
«t.. near Octavla.
A-KTHEL CRINDLE. materializing seancea
Friday aDd Sunday eves.. 50c. 1115 Post et. j
Mr*. Harlaad'ft circle to-n:irht. Sat.. Pun. ~10c;
re*d!rgs ilaJIv; ladles. ."<:<-. 148 Sixth et.
Mr*. Elizabeth Holmes, trance medium 517
McAllister bt. ; readings daily; circle to-rlishlf
KAT1SIH FX£SMa:c. circle Friday evening.
25o; «!tt!:i££. IC'OO Hartisya st.. cor. Sixth.
HOWARD EARLE. 1002 Ellis, readir,** daily".
»:3i> to 4: t»irrrs Sunday and Thursday.
CLAIKVOYA.\TS,
ATTENTION— |I $1 "|I $i 51
My regular $3 readings this week for
Si n *1 $1 *1 $1 j 1 fi
PROFEt-SOn PAUL DESTINE.
The first recittfcred Trance Clairvoyant and
I'tJxnist ever la San Francisco.
I do hereby solemnly agree and guarantee
to make bo t barge if I tall to tell you your
name, occupation and what you called for; I
prcmirc to tell ycu whether husband, wife
or sweetheart Is troe or false; 1 teli you
whom s_nd when you will marry; In fact. I
will tell you even- hope, tear or ambition
V«lter than you cam tell yourself; I improve
yoor character ao that you wiu reaca the
highest l-i-efible development in mental vig-
or. health, happiness and capacity to earn
wealth, ro you will live happy and contented
the rest of your life. Hr's — lo a. m. to 8 p.
in.: Sunday. 2 to S. 3SH — O'Farrell st- — 328.
A— MME. 1OKTER, fcclentlflc clairvoyant and
card r<-«J»x. born with a double vei! and sec-
> i.<1 tight; tells the past, present and future;
Iftdiv*. 50c; gents. $1; by cards, palmistry
riii<i ¦¦liiirvoyant Kitting; $1 50. 126 Turk et.
J'r*. A. 11. Kroncnberg. palmist, clairvoyant,
tard reader, will jrlve a good reading. 10c. for
a. »hort time o;ily; when ethers fail try me to
convince journ.!f. 402 Franklin, near Grove.
CLAIRVOYANTS— Contlnneii.
MME. M. BERNARD. THE FAMOUS
Clairvoyant and business medium, perma-
nently ideated at 17 Third st.. next Examiner
bldg.: she reads your life correcLlr. gives an
accurate description of the past, reveals Ih*
pre*tnt happenings and portrays events to
oreur in the future; if yi»u aie in trouble, dis-
contented or not tatUtied In life, or have do-
mettic. !ove or business trouble*, consult this
great medium and you will be told tow to
! overcome tltem; valuable udvice in all affairs
of life: 25c up; satisfaction guaranteed; read-
ings by mall. Tel. Black 45C9.
1SMAK. the Egyptian gypsy, clairvoyant and
palmiFt. permanently located at 1104 Market
tt.. cor. Turk; private readings dally. 10 a.
ro. to 5 p. m.; readings by mail as satlsfac-
ttry as la person; 3 que&ticns answered, $1:
fiii life. $5: send lock of hair, date and year
el' birth; don't send currency. Send pestofflce.
Wellfc-Fareo money order or registered lettsr.
MISS ZEMDAIl, young gifted clalr. and palm.;
has second sl*ht: a wonderful prophetess;
gives names; L. Me; G. $1; 3 questions by
mai!.$2;hrs. 10 to 9. 714 Franklln.nr.G.G.ave.
LATEST arrival; Mme. La Mar. who predicted
the Galveston disaster: card reading and
palmistry: I. 2.V-. g. 00c: hours 11 a. rn. to 9
p. m. Call 1212 Mission St.. bet. Sth and 9th.
A— Mme. Ravenna reads !ife, business advice;
names Riven: 25c up. 5 4th st.. near Market.
MME. MARCEAU. clairvoyant cawi reader;
lev. marriage, business; 25c. 542 Minna »t.
OLDEST lady palmist and card reader In city.
2C3 Kearny. room 20; ladles 25c, gents 50c.
MRS. iiHAFER. clairvoyant, card reader; slt-
t!ngs dally. 4^SH Jessie st.. bet. Sth and 6th.
CARPEf'_ BEATING AXD CLEAX1XG.
AIR. compressed, dry. Ice cold, is now univer-
sally used in sanitarily cleaning carpets, on
floor, without removal or Injury; prices mod-
erate. Apply S. F. COMPRESSED AIR
CLEANING CO.. Call bid.; phone Main 5237.
WHEN you become disgusted wltli your work
>end for SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
in? Works. 3S5-357 Tehama st. ; tel. South 40.
CALIFORNIA Carpet -beating Co.. J. McQueen,
rroprietor. •"*29 Guerrero St.; tel. Mission 49.
TRY HOFKE BROS.: excellent carpet-beating;
mattrefses made over. 1432 Howard :South 216
ADVANCE Carpet Heaning Co.. 402 Sutter St.;
tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM & CO.. Props.
RUDOLPH & CO.. rarpet-beHtlnf: works; prices
rr-asonahle. 1703 Harrison St.; tel. Mission 2»J3.
• ."OXKLIN'S Superlnr Carpet-beating Works
::Tt Pollen Gst* ave.: telephone Ea&t 120.
CHIROPODISTS.
DINLAP FOOT INSTITUTE?~Ho~G7ary— All
Rllmfnts of the fe<?t cured: corn*. b:inlor.s.et<_\
COLLECTION OFFICES.
BAKGHART & WEYER. " ""•-"-"•
Collectors.
No. 1170 Market St. Room 37.
BAD tenants ejected for $4: collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO.. 415 Montgora»ry. rooms fl-10: tel. 55S0.
DENTISTS.
DR. LUDLCM HILL. 1443 Market. nr.Eleventh
—No charge for extracting when plates are
made; old plates made over like new; teeth
from *8 per set; extracting. 50c; gas given.
A NEW plat. — The Whalebone — cannot break;
warranted 20 yrs.; crown. $3 50: fillings. 50c;
plates. $5; full set: all work painless and war-
ranteJ. Chicago Dental Parlors. 24 Sixth st.
PARIS DfiiUl Parlors. 'Z& Kearny, cor. Bush—
Set teeth. SI 50 up: crowne, $2 up; filllnse^jc.
GOLD fillings, 75c; silver. S5c; crowns. $2;. no
pain: open Sunday. Dr.O.B.Hewltt.204 Sutter.
10 PER CENT off this month: estimates free.
New York Pentis-ts. flfiO Mlswlon St.. cor. 6th.
DRESSMAKERS AKD SEAJlSTRESsis
McL'OWELL Dressmaking and Miliinery School
—Any pattern cut to measure. 1019 Market.
ACCORDION, sunburst & knife plaiting. Stew*
art's button &. buttonhnle tactory. 110 Taylor.
PYEPiG AKD CLEANING.
SEA breezes sweeten all garments, blankets,
lace cuttalns, etc., done by the Presidio
Heights L»yt Works. 31)15 Sacramento; phone
for wagon. We»t 453. H. HICKMAN. pres.
EDUCATIONAL.
A — CALDWELL College, of Oratory. Acting,
Opera and Authorship; largest In the West;
14 teachers; positions guaranteed; fall term
btgins Sept. 7; day and evening class; beauti-
ful new catalogue free. 1295 Market, cor. 9th.
UEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE. 24 Poet. S. I
F. — Bookkeeping, bhortband. touch typing, |
languages, telegraphy. English branches; I
day and night sessions, lllus. catalogue free.
BAN FRANCISCO Business College. 1236 Mar-
ket; modern, progressive, practical; estab-
lished 15 years. Gregg shorthand, fastest,
easiest. most readable. Actual business
bookkeeping* typewriter at home free.
AYRES. the leading business college, 723 Mar-
ket St.; special summer course in all depart-
ments; handsome catalogue free; life scholar-
ehlp. $r>0: day and evening sessions.
CALIFORNIA Business College, 305 Larkin st.
"A thorough school" ; positions secured for
graduates; modern methods; individual in-
fetruction. Write for illustrated catalogue.
HINMAN'S Academy; a thorough school of
dancing; established 20 years. 1412 Polk St..
between Pine and Cillfornia; both adult and
children's classes are now open for the season.
HEALD'S School of Mines & Electricity,24 Post
et.; S. F.; a practical school of engineering;
complete equipment. Special catalogue free.
ENGINEERING — Civil, elec., min.. mech.. sur-
vey, assay, cyanide; day. eve.; est. 18M. Van !
der Nalllen School. 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
SYSTEM, discipline and results; the Golden
Gate Commercial College. Van Ness and Gol-
den Gate aves.. tj. F. ; fills every requirement
DANCING Tuesday. Thursday, Saturday and
Sunday evenings at Teutonla Hall, Howard
et.. near Ninth: management Prof. Foster.
SCHOOL OF ILLUSTRATION Day and
PAKTINGTON'S. 424 Pine st Night class. |
LESSONS given In Water Color or Oil Palm- \
ings from Nature. CURRIER. 372 Sutter st.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar. writing. '
etc: day or eve.: -55 mo. 1024 Mission. nr.Cth.
Chicaro Business College. 1435 Market. nr.lOth.
Plttman fhorthaniS. typing, hookkpg.. $S mo.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
GEORGE AOKI. 421 Post st. ; tel. Bush 135 —
Japane&e - Chinese employment offlce; fur-
ni.-h'-s best help; contracts for farm help, etc.
A — ORPHEUM Employment Offlce — Japanese-
Chinese help. 426 Powell. Tel. Main 8752.
A — GRAND Japanese-Chinese Emp. Offlce. 413
Stockton; tel. Crant 16S; expert, reliable help
CHINESE Employment Office — Beet help at
Leon Seung's. 411% O'Farrell: tel. East 428.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of-
flce; all kinds help. 315 Stockton; Main 518S.
CHINESE and Japanese help; estab. 20 years.
Tel. Main 1937. BRADLEY fe CO.. 640 Clay.
1-- »H'I,OY.MK.\T WA.VTK » VK M A I. E.
NURSERY governess wishes situation; English,
French. German; no objection to country. Ad-
dress box 4190. Call offlce.
NEAT, tidy woman would like position in
American family; good references; wages,
$20 to $25. Address box 122G. Call offlce.
POSITION as cook; German or American style;
wages, $35 to $40. Address 1125' / 4 Mission,
near Seventh.
FIRST-CLASS colored laundress wants steady
private tamily washing at home. CaU 319 Vi
O'Farrell st. ' •=..-....
EXPERIENCED nurse for child or Invalid; no
i objections to leaving city; good preferences.
Box 4193. Call office. /
. MIDDLE-AGED lady wants employment to do
light housework.' Call at 1130A Pacific st.
RESPECTABLE woman wishes housework;
references. 255 Stevenson st.
GERMAN lady wishes to do housework and
light washing by the day. B, II., 436 Lin-
den r.ve., bet. Gouch and Laguna sts.
' BOOKKEEPER and cashier now employed
wishes to make change: capable of taking
entire charse of office. Box 1224, Call.
WANTED— By refined American «irl. position
as second girl In email family; references.
Bex 41W. Call.
RESPECTABLE woman would like work from
3 to 4 hours in the furenoon. Box 417S, Call.
WANT ads and subscriptions taken for The
Call at Eaton's Bazaar. 633 McAllister et.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore.
ICMPLOYMUNT WANTED — 11AXJC
FIKST-CLAKS coachman; Swedish; private
fomily: iicrraanent work: thorough horseman
and driver: fine all-round man 7 ; very best
city and personal references. Box 1735, Call.
UPHOLSTERER and decorator; understands
carptts. curtains, shades, mattress; union
man:- wishes steady work, city or country.
M. H. VAKASION. '4C3A Minna st.
BARBERr-Forelgner; speaks English^ can
?have, cut hair; wants place to finish trade.
Box 4192. Call oftice.
EXPERT accountant desires situation; high-
est references. Box 41SS, Call orflce. '
YOUNG man wants position as bread baker;
city or countrv. Address box 1223. Call.
HELP WASTED— MAI»E—CcB.
PACIFIC EMPLOYMENT AGENCY,
520 — Sacramento St.— 520.
Phone Main 1191. Cor. Leidesdorff St.
ASTORIA — OREGON — ASTORIA.
25 laborers. $37 and found; 23 rockmen. *•>»
and found; fee $1: fare only $3.
B laborers, warehouse, ?3 day.
S. P. R. R. Co.'s own work, free fare.
150 section and extra ganc men, all over
State; call to-day, fee $1. *
3 laborers, city, 9 houra. $2 day.
_ __
ARE YE WID US. FELLERS?
WERE GOIN' FRUIT PICK1N" IN
SANTA CLARA CO.. near San Jose.
25 men pick fruit and work in dry yards,
etc.; long job; fee 91; ft 23 day and found.
WILLITS— Free Fare— Fee ?1— Ukiah Route.
20 teamsters and laborers, $2 25 a day.
BUTTE CO.— CH1CO— Half Fare— FEE $1.
DIAMOND MATCH COMPANY'S own work
— Big Trust: 50 teamsters, laborers and roc it-
men, $2 25 and $2 5O a day.
Ship To-Night — £*> laborers, ballast work; -O
t pikers and iron men. $2 to $2 5O a day.
BIG TUNNEL— NEAR CITY— FREE FARE
20 muckers, $G0; 0 tunnelmen. $75.
FREE FARE— NEAR CITY— FEE $1.
Laborers, $2; 10 trackmen, $2 25 a day.
20 miners, all over. $75 to $90: 100 laborers
and muckers, $60 to $75: 300 other laborers,
all classes of work; 30O laborers, mills, yards
and woods; also experienced millmen. cross-
cut sawyers, all over the State; 3 carpenters,
sawmill company, north, boss here; 3 car-
penters, dredger work, $*2 50 and found.
LARGE MINE. SOUTH — Cheap fare^ — 10
muckers. $67 50; you'll suit.
PRIVATE R. R-. near city — 20 laborers,
$67 60.
MISCELLANEOUS.
6 ranch teamsters, $40 and found; 12 farm-
ers, $30 and found; 100 frultpickers. $00 and
found; cook, mine, easy Job, south, boss
here. $50 and found: second cook, $45 and
, found; dishwasher, $30 and found. Men, call
and see us; 1200 other Jobs not advertised.
Get a free list of Jobs at PACIFIC EM-
PLOYMENT AGENCY. 620 Sacramento St..
corner Laldesdorff.
COOK for springs, $60; restaurant baker. $60
to $65; shop baker, country. $13 week and
found, fare paid;, cook and wife. $60 and
found; restaurant third cook, $50; hotel and
boarding-house cook, $50; dishwashers, bell-
boys; waiter, country hotel. $30. fare ad-
vanced, and others. J. F. CROSETT & CO.,
62S Sacramento at.
JANITOR for school. $30 and board; sheep-
herder, $.10 and found: 2 farmers for Napa
Co., $-">0 and found; 3 farmers and wives,
$40, J5O and $55 and found: man about place.
$35 and found: assistant gardener. $25 and
found; milker. $&> and found; old man fcr
milk depot. $25 and room: blacksmith. $."!
.day; blackMnith's helper and floorman, $2 50
day; boys for store. $6 to $7 50 week; m!ner3.
nuarrymen, laborers for mill and woods,
mines and quarries, woodchoppers and many
others at good wages. J. F. CROsjETT &
CO.. 62S Sacramento st.
ANDRE'S Office. 317 Stockton Cook. $30:
second cook, $S0; boarding-house cook, $50:
second ccok. $40; porter for restaurant, $7 a
week: waiter, plain hotel, $40 found: second
gardener, $50; 2 men for large nursery, $2 a
day: laborers private park. $2(5 found; team-
«ters, $30; vegetable gardener, large private
place. $S0: stableman and milk 2 cows, Santa
Barbara, $25, etc.
TRY our men's shoes, union made, at $1 and
$1 50 pair; foot-form shoea at $2 *>0; we pay
express or mail chgs. 11 Third St.. Exam. bid.
WANTED — For the U. S. Marine Corps, able-
bodied, unmarried men. between 21 and 33;
good character; must speak, read and write
English; marines serve at sea oh men-of-war
in all parts of the world, on land in our M«
and possessions, and at naval stations tn th«
United States. Apply at recruiting office. 40
Ellis st., San Francisco. Cal. ; 222 Vj N. Mala
St., Los Angeles, Cel., and 401 K st., Sacra-
mento, Cal.
YOUNG man to assist in cutting and work on
the bench for an interior tailor. Apply
REISS BROS. & CO.. 24 Sutter St.
GERMAN waiter for country hotel; wages $.>0
a month. Call between 10 and 12 o'clock
a. m.. 319 Third st.
WANTED — Educated ger.tlsman to locate in
Oakland and write short articles for publica-
tion; SIS per week; no communications an-
j swered, without references. Box 1720, Call.
MEN to learn barber trade: only eight weeks
required: special offer this month: catalogue
and full information mailed free. MOLER
SYSTEM COLLEGE. C33 Clay st.
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkln, Reno House proprietor, has
added 1C0 new rooms to the Denver House,
217 Third st. : 250 rooms: 25c to 50c per night.
WANTED — Rough carpenters and laborers.
Apply room 14. 26 Montgomery St., San
Francisco Construction Company.
WANTED — A first-class* saloon porter at 152
East St., corner Howard; call early.
SAILORS and ordinary seamen for Europe and
Australia. HERMAN'8. 26 Steuart st. t
PENSION atty. E. A. Bullls. room 40. Phelan
bldg. Past Com. Geo. H. Thomas Post. G.A.R.
BOYS wanted: good wages; steady work.
Illinois Pacific Glass Co., 15th and Folsom,
MAN to do Janitor work for tuition In S. F.
Barber School. 741A Howard st.
WINCHESTER HoteU 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket — 7C0 rooms. 35c night; reading rooms;
free 'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. 563 MUsion St.. bet. 1st and 2d st*.
GET your shoes half soled while waiting: 25c
to COc S63 Mission St.. bet. 1st .and 2d sts.
HORSES AND WAGONS.
THE best looking, best bred, as well as th«
gentlest horses ever offered for sale by auc-
tion In California will be disposed of next
Monday night. September 14. at Occidental
Horse Exchange. 246 Third st. Send for (
catalogue.
GRAND auction sale; all horses, wagons, har-
ness, plows, scrapers and ether material be-
loftging to Groely & Son. contractors, with-
out reserve, Tuesday, September 15. 11 a. m..
at stables. 7th. bet. Pt. Lobos and Clement.
ON account of goin; to build, entire stock of
w|;ons, buggies and harness must be sold at
sacrifice. Corner 15th and Valencia sts.
3 GOOD work horses for want of use. Apply
lumber yard. S.E. corner Alabama and
Montcalm streets.
YOUNG black mare for ranch. $45; two small
mares. $30. 79 City Hall ave.
FOR SALE — Handsome trap; cheap. Box 1050.
Call offlce.
ONE fine surrey, 4 buggies, 1 pony and 2 pony
carts for sale. 15O4 Fo'som st. ---. -...
f GCOT) horres for sale ch»ao. S27 Sixth sL
Al EXPRESS wagon, light camping wagon
and gocart for sale cheap. 532 Mission st.
1IOLSK5 TO LET.
A — PRINTED list of houses to let; send for cir-
cular. G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery.
A — HOUSES and flats to let: an Immense list:
service absolutely fre«; take advantage of
this department; it will save you time' and
trouble. Cordes Furniture Co., 215-250 Geary
St., on the square.
SUNNY, modern 2-story house of 7 rooms and
bath 1 rent $11 50 to good tenant: call on
premises to-day bet. 9 a. m. and 2pm
307 Faxton ave.. Ingleside. - '*
BEFORE moving Ret our printed list of houses
to let. BALDWIN & HOWELL. 25 Post st
HOUSES TO LEST — FUHSISHED.
OAK. 419 — Elegantly furnished house: 1O rooms
and 2 baths; large garden; grand view.
LOST AND FOUND.
LOST— A pass book with the Hibemia Savin-*
and Loan Society of San Francisco In the
name of MARTIN OLSEX. No 237-S3-" Tb«
finder will please return to bank. ~*
LOST— Admission day. fox terrier, all white-
U> Market*^. """^ ** »'
LOST— Gordon setter doc. name McKlnw"
Return J. H. MILLER, lub U th st!? rewirfr
T uT B S UC< Ho^. k^- K&y T 7t™[^y^
LOST— Pearl and opal pin at Sutro Baths
«£ard mOrnlnBt Return 50 ° Sutter st?
LO !!JT O J 1 . F<n ? rth st - *«t. Brannan and How"
ard. lady's pin with diamond and warls rT
turn to 51DA Brannan and recelv e P reward.
IRISH setter pup* little whif» *m n * 7 T~
aaBBB |^?
"Haggles
"wa'JclTcase "Zo^VT&^^f^^
,- gold and silver to .gj',,^.'"
¦ ,V LOFTS TO LET.
HELP WASTED MALE Con.
MURRAY & READY^
PHONE MAIN 5S48. 634 and 636 Clay it.
LEADING EMPLOYMENT . and LABOR
AGENTS. J " -',
Offlce half block long; 14 clerks employed:
by our own printing plant we publish a
"FREE" Bulletin of Labor, containing
every position segregated under departments,
ready for distribution 7 a.m.; also noon and
evening editions. GET ONE FREE. Ger-
man, Italian, French, Spanish. Portuguese,
Greek spoken.
V THIS IS WHAT
• MADE US FAMOUS.
We know no distinction between Man and
Man.
YOU ARE ALL' EQUAL,
YOU ARE ALL WELCOME.
l!>02 WE GAVE 1903 WE'LL GIVE
45,000 MEN WORK. 60,000 MEN WORK.
TO-DAY WE SHIP FREE TO
NEVADA, ARIZONA,
OREGON. LOS ANGELES.
HAWAIIAN ISLANDS. WILLITS, UKLVH,
AND ALL POINTS S. P. and Santa Fe.
NORTH. EAST AND SOUTH.
RAILROAD HELP of every description, in-
cluding drillers, hammer and corner men,
muckers, laborers, teamsters, blacksmiths, 1
cooks and waiters. $5, $4, $3. $2 day.
¦^'-¦-¦-¦v> MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay ut.
CARPENTERS FREE FARE.
4 carpenters; large winery; faro $3; $40 fd.
4 carpenters; lumber company; plain -work;
fare $2 00; $75.
Carpenter; ranch: SOc fare; $40 and found.
12 carpenters, build large- gold dredgers,
$S2 50 found.
' SPECIALl
15 carpenters, 6 helpers;^ big water power;
south; $90 and $67 50.
MURRAY & READT, 634 and 636 Clay st.
COME.
363 laborers, teamsters, city and country
jobs, $2, $2 50 and $3 day; all classes of
work. Come, see.
155 Italians, $2 25 day.
You board yourselves. Steady Jobs.
29 teborers. free fare. U miles away. $42
and found. ¦• _ '
155 coal miners, free fare, $3 to $5 day.
165 laborers, teamsters, Wlllits, Ukiah. fre«
fare, S67 50.
DO YOU KNOW— FREE FARE.
On every train we ship to 8. P. Co.'s own
work, on all divisions, laborers, extra gangs;
also section hands'.
DIAMOND MATCH COMPANY.
'ISfi teamsters and ax men, $75.
. 137 laborers and drillers, $75.
155 track layers, ballast track. $67 50.
Cost you only $1: no discount: steady Job.
MINES. QUARRIES. TUNNELS.
155 laborers, you'll suit. $60. $75 fd.
»6 miners and timber men, $00 found.
156 quarrymen. al.«o drillers. $S2 to $90.
06 car men, furnace men. $73.
STABLES, FARMS, DAIRIES. HARVEST.
19G farm, orchard, vineyard hands, $30 to
$45 found.
55 milkers, butter-makers, $30, $35. $40
found.
156 harvest hands, hay balers, $2 50, $3 day.
6S choremen, $30 to $50 and found.
16 stablemen, city and . country, $30 to $45
found. \
SO men for brick yards. $35 to $80 found.
MARRIED HELP WANTED.
12 men and wives, farms, orchards, mines,
mills, $40 to $70 and found.
MURRAY & READY. 634 and 636 Clay st.
WHERE ARE THEY?
56 lumber trusts and syndicates.
Locatfd in Four State*.
Managers Here. Two Territories.
FREE— FREE— FREE.
P05 laborers, no experience wanted, $35 to
$70 and found.
1S8 experienced mill and yard men, $40 to
$!."<> and found.
SS3 woodchoppers. $40 to $150 found.
3?6 \voodchoppers. tlemakers, sliingle, post,
picket and box bolt makers, tools and pro-
visions found.
BIG L MURRAY & READY,
TRUSTS. «J4 and 636 Clay St.
A— COOKS, BIG PAY.
COpKS. ' BIG PAY. COOKS. COOKS.
2<5 cooks for harvest and fruit ranches, hay
presses, etc.. $70. $60. $50. $40. $30 found;
very lew men to cook for; no women there.
4 cooks for different mines. $70. $65. $50. $40
found.
4<3 cooks, hotels, restaurants, cafes, saloons,
etc.. $70 to $40 found.
WAITERS.
82 waiters, different places, including cafes,
grills. $45 to $30 found.
t? bell and elevator boys, city and country
positions. ?15 to $30 found.
ft portere and bedmakers. city and country
positions. $45 to $20 found.
S6 dishwashers, etc.. city and all parts of,.
California. $10 to $25 found.
18 boys to loarn trades and work in fac-
tories S(S to $12 week.
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay St.
ARK YOU GOING FRUIT PICKING TO-DAY
OR TO-MORROW? 230 men wanted; any-
» body can <lo the work; a man or a boy who
can cat fruit can pick fruit. *
SI FEE. $1 FARE.
FRt'lf ' $37 50 found. FRUIT
PICKING $30 found. PICKING
TO-DAY? $34 found. TO-DAY?
Some to work about packing and dry houses;
ycu can have a g,ood vacation. Go, come
back with $00 to $120. We ship NORTH.
KAST. SOUTH; also many to the great
wineries.
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st.
SPECIAL —BY— TELEGRAPH
MIDNIGHT —BY— PHONE & LETTER
18 ranch teamsters, different Jobs, $32 to $40
and found.
TUOLUMNE COUNTY— FARE PAID
39 laborers, first-class lumber company, $60.
ARIZONA— TO-NIGHT.
EUREKA — HUMBOLDT — FARE PAID.
32 laborers, big, good lumber company, $60
to $75.
KL DORADO COUNTY— FARE PAID.
16 more laborers, big lumber trust. $42 fd.
RESERVOIR WORK.
25 laborers and teamsters, fare $1 50: $07 50.
LOOKt— FARE PAID.
25 laborers, manufacturing plant, $67 50.
Spool tender: 2 log loaders.
6 plow teamsters, big ranch, $40 and found.
ti8 TRACKMEN, NEW WORK. $67 50.
2 tank coopers, winery. $3 Go day.
5 young men, distribute bills, $1 25, $1 50
day.
10 young men for dry yards packing houses,
north, $32 50 and found.
'M lumber pilerF, Santa Cruz County, $60.
C laborers, surface work, gold mine, south-
cast, $G7 50. * g
Si- TO FRESNO MOUNTAINS FREE.
25 laborers, mills and woods. ?4O to $SO fd.
12 laborers, Santa Fe, free fare. $67 .%O.
12 laborers, (t hours' job, free fare, $«7 50.
2 men, run bean cutters, fare $1, fT7 50 Cd.
9 men. pitch beans, thresher, fare $1, §CO^d.
HALF FARK TO CHICO.
165 laborers, teamsters, axmon, $7."i.
NORTHEAST — SOUTH — FREE.
2355 RAILROAD LABORERS, TEAMSTERS
2 waiters. Eureka, fare paid. ?.To fd.
Middle-aged man, country store, $.'!0 fd.
Experienced nailing machine man, city, $75
5 teamsters, ctty, good Job, $67 50
Dump cart driver, mine, $35 fd.
¦ Painter, Sonoma Co, $2 50 day
2 waiters, lumber company, fare paid, $:^> fd.
Man drive milk wason, assist store, $CO
Janitor, city job. • $25 fd.
Butcher, all-round man, fare $1, $»0 fd.
' Blacktmlth. lumber co., fare paid, $75 fd.
8 men. work In beans, fare $1, $C0 fd.
Vaquero, boss here, fare $1, $.'{0 fd.
Man, city coal yard, $2 day
2 waiters, same country hotel, fare $1 50,
$30 and found.
Candy-maker. Monterey County, $12 a week.
BEST PLACES AT MURRAY & READY'S,
BIGGEST WAGES at 634-636 Clay st.
~~~~ SPECIAL NOTICE TO-DAY.
3563 POSITIONS NOT ADVERTISED.
COME SEE.
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st.
A— HOTEL GAZETTE. 26 Montgomery, r. 12.
Pantryman. $30; waiters, $30.
WANTED— A first-class bathroom porter: one
who can shine shoes. Apply Palace Hotel
Barber Shop, 10 New Montgomery st.
WANTED — Piano player: must be first-class
sight reader: state experience and salary ex-
pected. Address box 1225, Call offlce.
WANTED — Five men on sheet iron stoves and
five boys on stovepipe. Doak Sheet Steel
/ Works, Eighth and Irwln sts.
TRY our men's shoes, union made, at SI and
$1 5O pair; foot-form shoes at $2 SO; we pay
express or mail chgs. 11 Third St., Exam. bid.
WANTED— Barber for Saturday and Sunday
1055% Folsom st.
BARBER wanted for Saturday and Sunday.
515 Hayes st.
GOOD opening for boy about 17; shipping de-
partment. Apply RIEGER & CO.. 161 First.
BOOTBLACK wanted; steady. 1062 HcAUls-
ter st. .
FIRST-CLASS tinner and sheetlron worker;
steady work. 814 Kearny st.
BOY wanted to learn instrument making; paid
while learning. Call at 509 Clay at. /¦
ARTHUR MILLS— Please call at 1100 Po B t st.
COOK wanted, small restaurant. $35 per month
( and found. 2723 Sutter st.
WAITER: *3 per week. Box 4196. Call.
DISHWASHER wanted. 21 Mission st.
WAITER wanted at 613 Clay st.
WANTED- Walter at New Golden Gate Ho-
tel. 164 Fourth St. °
BOY about 15 years for men's furnishlne
store. 424 Kearny st.
BARBER trade taught free. For particulars
address W. B. C. 647 Commercial stT
COMPETENT and reliable cutter; none other
need aoDlv. S. N. WOOD & CO.. 7in Market
HELP WANTED— FEMALE— Con.
WANTED — Pastry cook. $50 to $60; 4 cooks,
$30, $35; cook, small hotel, $4O; 4 housework
girls, city and country. $30, $35; maid and
peamstres.-'. $10; 4 second girls, $20 to $i">;
French or German governess, $30; laundress
for institution, $25; 4 restaurant waitresses.
$8, $9 week; dinner waitress, $5 week; 4
nurse girls. $15. $20, $25; chambermaid,
country. $20; cook, second girl, same hous?,
Oakland. $30. $25: San Mateo, . $30. $25;
chambermaid and waiting, $20, and 50 house-
girls at $20, $25 and $30. Apply to J. F.
CROSETT & CO.. 334 Sutter st.
A — Girls to lestrn millinery now for fall season;
both seasons taught from start to finish in 1
month for $10; positions as trimmers, sales-
ladies, etc., guaranteed at $10 per week up;
day and evening class. 143 Stockton St., r. 13.
SEWING MACHINE OPERATORS AND RIV-
ETERS: NO EXPERIENCE NECESSARY:
PAID SALARY. LEVI STRAUSS & CO.'S
FACTORIES. 32^ FREMONT ST. AND 1S73
MISSION, NEAR FIFTEENTH.
WOMEN and girls to work on fruit; steady
employment; day and piece work: highest
wages. CODE-PORTWOOD CANNING CO.,
Bryant and Tenth.
NEAT young woman for general housework,
small family; good wages. Call 1521 Va-
llejo st.; carfare.
WANTED — Girl for general housework and
plain oooklnr in small family. Call in th«
morning; reference. 224.T Leavenwosth at.
WANTED — Young lady experienced chocolate
dipper. Call at MASKEY'S, 32 Kearny st.
WANTED — Young lady for packing candy.
MASKKY'S. ,'i2 Kearny st.
APPRENTICES for Blove trade: wages from
start. Carson Glove Co., 123 Second st.
GIRL for general housework. 51 Cumberland
M.. bet. 19th and 20th, Guerrero and Dolores.
WANTED — Lady cook for small hotel. Inquire
at 13I.D Stockton st. Phone John 6761.
WANTED— Waist and skirt hands. Apply at
l<10 Larkln ft.
A J.'S?, Ol> reI ' a b'* Eirl for general housotfork.
2713 Sacramento st.
A TRUSTWORTHY girl to assist with light
housework and infant. 609 Buchanan st.
GIRL to wait at table. Eureka Hotel 415
Hrannan st.
WANTED— Reliable German girl for upstairs
work and v/ait at table; wages $20 to $°5-
call after 5 o'clock. .M7 Buena Vista ave.,
between Frederick and Waller sts.
FIRST CLASS cook, small family; wages $40
Call between 1 and 2 or 5 and 7; 2B12 Scott
Ktreet. carfare paid.
EXPERIENCED sewers oil silk and wool
waists; best pay; steady employment
KOXIGSTEIN, 28 First St. : " '
WANTED— Apprentices for halrdreissing, man-
icuring and hair work: wages $2 per week
while learning. Box 4180, Call.
GIRLS — About 15, for factory work: good
wages: apply at once. AMES & HARRIi.
100 Sacramento St.
WANTED— First-class hair workers. Apply at
WANTED — Hairdresser and manicure. ADDly
at HALE BROS.'
RELIABLE girl for housework at 1007 Lycn
et. ; wa^es $25.
CHOCOLATE dipjjer of experience; permanent
Polk and Sutter sts.
GIRL for general housework, assist with coo!:-
'"£. wall wash. 171S Geary st.
WANTED— A girl to assist in general house-
work; plain cooking. ;s<>36 California st.
WANTED— A cook In family, wages $30- car-
fare paid. Apply 115 Beulah street.
YOUNG Kirl to assist care of child; sleep home
Apply bet. 10-2. 1661 Octavla st. •
$50 PER montb-to energetic lady or gentleman-
steady position. 302 Callashan building.
YOUNG girl or middle-aged woman for Hcht
housework. 1059 Golden Gqte ave.
OPERATORS on muslin underwear; also learn-
crs. G. W. REYNOLDS CO.. 507 Mission St.
L AUY agents on salary. Call 9. to 5, otnett 3D
Columbian building. 916 Market st.
"WANTED— Finishers and quick sewers. An-
ply M. S1MINOFF. 1228 Market st.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch offlce. 2200 Fillmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1006
Valencia st.
HELP WASTED MALE. ™
AT CALIFORNIA EMPLOTmSJt^GENCy]
53 Third st., near Call bldg.; phone Bush 405!
NEVADA— FREE FARE— NEVADA
200 laborers. Southern Pacific's own work
new job, $2 a day; $18 board.
We Ship Every Day — Free Fare.
40 section hands, all parts of California.
EUREKA, HUMBOLDT ' COUNTY.
FARE ADVANCED.
10 lumber Dllers, $35 e.nd board.
10 laborers, $35 and board.
SAWMILL AND WOODS MSN.
2 timber fellers. $60 and board.
3 barkers, $50 and board. „ .
2 crosscutters. ?50 and board.
2 lookouts, $40 and board.
2 waterbucks, $40 and board.
FREE FARE.
10 lumber handlers and road graders, $2 a
day and $40 a month.
5 coal miners. • Oregon,
e-fcot vein. SI a ton.
FREE FARE.
Box machine man. city, $2 50 a (Jay.
CITY WOKK.
12 laborers, 9 hours, $2 23 a day.
NEW JOB. NEAR CITY.
. r> men at $2 50 a day.
5 men at $2 a day and board.
2 crosscutters, $45 and board.
FREE FARE. BOSS HERE.
Blacksmith, mine, ?2 75 a day.- .
CAL. EMP. AGENCY, 59 Third st.
WANTED — First-class fancy goods and notion
man to accept position tn Los Angeles; must
come well recommended: state age, experi-
ence and salary expected. Apply box 4194,
Cell offlce. ;. _-
WANTED — Younp man who Is thoroughly ex-
perienced in silk and dress goods to go to a
city not far from San Francisco. Apply be-
tween 9 and 11 a. m. at HALE BROS.'
WANTED — Experienced bookkeeper for lum-
ber company's . mill offlce; state experience
In lumber; salary $150 per month. Box 4193,
Call office.
EXPERIENCED lunch and dinner waiters;
high-arm work; six hours. $1 25; apply 9 a.
m. to 1 p. m. Restaurant Keepers' . Assocla-
tlon. 0 Eddy St.. room 4tj. -^
TRY our men's shoes, union made, at $1 and
St CO per pair; foot-form shoes at $2 50, or
orthopedic sh6es, $3 50; best shoes on earth. 11 !
Third st.. Ejtam. bdg.. 5 doors from Market.
COMPETENT man' to take charge of a skim-
ming station and do testing-. A. L. LUNDY
CO., 121-:; Davis St., San Francisco. . .
WANTED — A young man as stock clerk;
chance for advancement;, references. Apply
Royal Shoe Store. 60 Third st.
DISTRIBUTERS wanted. Electric Laundry,
" 837 Folsom st. .
WANTED— Errand boy. . A. BERBERT &
, URO.. 145O Market st.
EMPLOY3IEXT WANTED — MALE.
BAKERS — First-class cake baker and confec-
tioner, good on bread, wants situation, city
or country. JONES, 316 Turk st. \
HATS — Wanted, by an energetic man of good
appearance, a responsible position In either
hats or merchandise; wholesale preferred;
London and Australian experience. GREEN-
LAW. box 4171, Call offlce.
YOUNG man, industrious and capable, experi-
enced stenographer, wishing to better him-
self, desires a position where there is oppor-
tunity for advancement; please state- salary.
Box 1707, Call office.
A MAN who knows city would like to get po-
sition driving team or porter in wholesale
house; riot afraid of hard work: good refer-
ences. 'Address H. E. P.. box 41S.\ Call.
STEADY reliable man desires position; thor-
oughly understands grocery and bar trade:
references; Mission preferred. A. M., 1096
Valencia st.
A CIVIL engineer's assistant who is studying
that line of work would like employment;
has served with City Engineer and can fur-
nish good references. Box 41S7, Call.
YOUNG man, strictly sober, non-smoking,
would like work with a private family
around house and garden. 639 Clay st.,
room 5.
NORWEGIAN, 20 years old. speaks and writes
English, German and Scandinavian, would
like position in store, city or country. Please
address box 4184, Call office.
A MARRIED man. with experience as cellar-
man, would like a situation In a whisky
houi>e; will give further details in regards to
work on application. Box 1722. Cail.
I AM a young man of 18, Just left art school,
and I want a situation where I can advance
myself: I am good with both pen and pencil.
Address J. D. BELL, 717 Golden Gate ave.
ENGINEER (stationary) wishes situation; city
or country; can do own repairs; reference
Riven. Box 4144, Call.
WANTED — Situation by an experienced mixol-
ogist; German, with best of references. Box
4176. Call offlce.
BY young man as bartender, night or day;
also r-xperienced in wholesale and retail gro-
cery business. Box 4177. Call offlce.
WANTED — Job as teamster; 2 or 4 noises.
Address box 1222, Call offlce.
WANTED — Work on poultry ranch; want to
learn the business. Box 4174. Call offlce.
JAPANESE very good boy wants position.
HARRV, S07 Thirteenth St.. near Sterner;
tel. Page 4363.
JAPANESE boy wishes to work a few hours
In the daytime or as schoolboy; speaks very
good English. WILLIAM, 1329 Pine St.;
tel. Larkln 2611.
JAPANESE boy wants a position in family
as schoolboy. F. SHIO, 315A Mason st,; tel.
Green 250.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch of'ce. 2200 Flllmore.
A BP.ANCH office for Call adverticementa and
subscriptions has been established at 1036
Valencia »t.
FINANCIAL.
COPPER— Any man with from $10,000 to $25.-
000 to invest in mining- will do well to com-
municate with the undersigned: large bodies
of high-grade ore are already developed;
mine proven beyond doubt: big dividends as-
sured right away; no asents. PROSPEC-
TUS. 2012 Howard st.
FLATS TO KET.
A — HOUSES and flats to let; an Immense list;
service absolutely free: take advantage of
this department; it will save you time and
trouble. Cordes Furniture Co.. J45-259 Geary
et., on the square.
OAK, 403, cor. Laguna— Flat of 4 nice rooms.
SUNNY corner flat. 7 rooms and bath. 2146!£
Market st.
$7— FLAT; large yard. 72614 Harrison st.,
between Third and Fourth.
PIERCE. 250 — Elegant 6-room sunny flat with
bath; reasonable rent.
$12 05; Sunny i rooms. 131 Ivy ave., near Van
Ness.
STOCKTON PL.. 22 — 4 flats. 4 rooms and
bathe; $20 each.
TO lei — Flat of four rooms: 1S37 O"FarrelL
HOOKER fc LENT. 14 Post St.
flVts for sale.
A BARGAIN— $4250: CORNER LOT. 2 FLATS:
LOT 25x114; 1S4 CLIPPER 8T. SEE
OWNER C:i PREMIS23.
I'LATS FOR SALE — FURNISHED.
GEARY 577 — Furniture Vjf 5 room flat for
sale; flat for rent; call afternoons.
6 ROOMS; sunny furnished house, for sale
cheap. Apply 324 Linden ave.
FLATS WANTED.
¦WANTED — By October 1. flat of 3 or 4 con-
venient sunny rooms; vicinity of Van Ness,
Golden Gate and Market st; adults. Address,
stating price, box 4180, Call offlce..
FJURNITUIIK WANTED.
A. WOLLPERT. 773 Mission, phone Red 4462.
buys, rents, repairs, packs furniture, carpets.
A L. STORRS pays highest cash prices furni-
ture, carpets, etc.; tel. Larkln 3631. KM Ellis.
HELP WANTED — FEMALE.
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S. Phone Grant 185.
HOTEL DEPARTMENT.
10 more waitresses to book for hotel, • Los
Angeles, fares paid and highest wages.
Waitress, arm work. San Luis Obispo, fare
paid V $-5
Waitress, mining town, way north, fare
paid $25
2 waitresses, south, fares paid $25
10 waltres&es. city and country $25, 527. TiO
Laundress and chambermaid, country hotel.
fares paid $25, $20
Second cook, institution, country...: $35
Cook, bop-plcklng crew, fare both ways, ; - 1
month's work K $30
Chambermaids, city and country.. $20, $27.50
Dishwasher, tirst-class hotel, city $25
Girl to attend bakery, across bay. $7 week.
FAMILY DEPARTMENT..
Working housekeeper. 2 men. country. $12.50;
housegirl. country. $25* 2 girls, cook and sec-
ond, Santa Cruz, $25, $20; nursegirls, house-
girls, cooks, others; middle-aged colored
nurse, mce place, $15.
C. R. HANSON & CO..... 429 Bush st.
A CAPABLE eirl for cooking and general
work in tamily of 2 grown people; wasres
$30. MISS PLUNKETT, 425 Suttfr St., near
Powell.
A— HOTEL GAZETTE. 2« Montgomery, r. 12.
Masseuse for springs. $30.
A — WANTED — Girls to learn hairdressing-,
manicuring, etc; trade taught from A to Z
in 2 weeks; $5 to those entering now; 3 po-
sitions '.to fill immediately; petitions guaran-
teed at $10 per week up; leading school in
West. 233 Geary St.. room 13.
, — . — ;
A — LADIESr learn all branches hairdressing
tVade; manicuring, massage, etc.; 3238 Mar-
ket st.. cor. Jones, room »4; positions secured
at highest wages; day and eve. class: call.
MEDICAL
MKS. DK. V.YKTH. »bec:a;ist fjr all femai*
complaints, iEst«uit relief xu<trantee4; .,>•
years' experience; removed to 839 fast Et.
MKS. Dlt. KOHL, reliabla specialist tor a>l (•-
male troubles- and Irregularities, lnstan: re-
lief guaranteed. 10C3S Market at., opp. 3t*y.
DR. t». VV. O'i>ONN'.fc:LL — Ail who ar« a:^*. ;t
in trouble consult this specialist on fem.il*
complaints: positively corrected; th» unfor-
tunate helped ; tha mest difficult cases treat*
ed: advice free- Office. 101S MarH^ "t.
Dr3. Goodwin. 733 Turk. nr. Van Ness — Expert
in obstetrics, female ctnnplaints: inst. ralivf;
tteat.-nent $10; hour*;. 10 to 5; 25 yra. »sper.
MKS. V. ALLfclN. Ills itaiKel— Keliao.r U«l.e*
specialist: a rrivato tom« before- and darla*
confinement: b?et rredlcal care: lo.v reea.
A maternity villa: private: secluded; confiden-
tial. I>r. E. Fur.ke. llltt Eighth st.. Alameda.
DR. ROSEN moved to -'jl)5 Folsom «.. cor.
2i:th: relief $10: ladies' exclusive offlc?.
UK. anrl iiUS. UAViKrf and HiNbtH" HKtCfc.-.;
original method of treatment. 112« Mark?t *•.
DR. NO TOT KEC. 319 Powell tn.. opposite
Vnlon square: al! diseases cur«M by herb*.
~~~~ JMLLI.M^K*.
LADIES, you are Invited to visit my milHmry
-creulns to-day and tu-morrow: imported a:-4
New York hats. MME. UOtiUH. 11 >7 f'ost st.
MltS. RUMPLE will be pleased to meet old ani
new frier.'b at her millinery parlore.221 Geary
MISCKLLAAEOC9— FOR a AXEL
DOES TOUR ROOIT LEAK?
Repair it with eftuerlte; In rolls easy to lay:
needs no painting or coating; good over o!1
Iron tin or shingles; best for aew roofs.
ELATERITE ROOFING CO.. 713 Market st.
2D-HD machinery, boilers, engines, pumps,
pulleys, shafting, eto.. etc.. bought, sold,
rented and exchanged; fee Sunday paper*.
II. S. WHITE M'CH'Y CO.. 130-132 Beala at.
A— Fine suit*. *7 50; dress pants, i2 30. Origi-
nal Misfit Clothing Parlors. 'US Kearny »t .
near Bush; open to 0 p. m. Sunday to nooru
A — $3 &o DERBY and fedora hats. Si 73. Pop-
ular Price Hatters, 330 Kearny St., near
Pine; open till 9 u. m. Sunday to noon.
A— BUTS. sells or rents gear machinery, en-
gtnes. boilers, water plDe. shafting, palleys,
etc. WH1TELAW. 253-255 gpear st.
10 SHARES rreferred and 10 shares common
stock In well-paying automobile company for
pale cheap. Address box 1221. Call offlce.
NEWSPAPER route for sale: fine chanc* fop
the right man. Address N. A. LAR3EN.
1715 Pacific ave.. Alameda.
TRT our men's shoes at $1 and $1 50 pair:
foot-form lihoes at $2 50; we pay express
charges. 11 3d st.. Exam, bid.; catalog, fre?.
BOILERS, engines. 2d-hand machinery. McIN-
TOSH A; n'OLPMAX, 193-107 Fremont st.
A FINE 4% -Carat perfect white diamond at *
bargain. 10 Sixth st.
SAFES — New and second-hand. THE HEB-
MANN SAFE CO.. 317-423 Sacramento st.
A JULES JURGENSEN 5-minuta lepeatlas
watch: very reasonable. 10 Sixth rt.
PAIR 3-karat diamond earrlnss at a. bargain.
10 Sixth st. m
MOVING pictures, magic lanterns, sal*, rental:
bargains. Bullard fc Breck. 131 Post st.
MILES of pipe and fittings; a!l «izes. EU-
GENE RILEY & SONS. 103 Va!lejo st.
MOVING picture % film and sons slldea. 109
Montgomery st.*
SAFES — New and second-hand. E. B. BECK
& CO.. 122 Market st. ¦
All bargains ;camp stools and chairs, hammorlc*,
metal b?ds.m#ttre!»ses.J.F.Hotter.7rj Mission.
Edison phonccraphs. records, supplies, movinjj
picture machines, films. Bacijralupl. 913 Mkt.
GASOLINE engines, automobiles ard launches,
all sizes. J. E. DOAK. 43 Fremont st.
ASK for prices on second-hand typewriters: all
makes. ALKXANPKTt & PP.. V.n Mrotg'y.
iilSCEI.l.A\EOCS WANTS.
JEWELERS. .*SS Bush st. third floor, room 4.
TILTON wants good second-hand clothing and
theatrical goods. 154 9th gt.: tel. Jessie 2S51.
A BIG price paid for sealskins: v»r.d postal.
2iV Stocfctcn tt.: r>b"n> ntr»*» 4^4.
MONEY TO LOAJf.
AAA— HERMAN MURPHT.
601-C02-C03 Examiner building.
Quick settlem^nt»: no disappointment.
Save expenses by deallnsr directly.
Estates --cond mortgages, undivided inter-
ests assignments of rents, property in trust,
etc.; legacies, life estates and undivided 1B-
tereets in property purchased.
Courteous treatment. Strtotly confidential.
When You Need Money
Bee HERMAN MT7RPHT.
HIGHLY respectable private- plae<» to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry, at
lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store. SM
Market st. ; tel. Main 1641. Branch. lf> Third.
MONEY loaned to salaried people, retail mer-
chants, teamsters, boarding-houses, without
security; easy payments: largest business In
46 principal cities. Tolman. 553 Parrott bldg.
MUNICIPAL LOAN OFFICE. 10.1 Grant av»..
LOANS FROM SI TO »10.000.
no commission E W. LICK. 1003 Mutual
Sav. Bk. bid.. 70S Market: phone Main 81<*.
S. F. DISCOUNT AGENCY— Loans to salaried
people on their not*.
THE TOUSLEY CO 143 Phelan Bldg.
MONEY to loan on low Interest; gold, stiver,
diamonds pearls and precious stones bousat
at W. J." HESTHAL'S. 10 Sixth st.
MONEY leaned to salaried employes. O. W.
MILLER, room 74. fifth floor. Chronic!* bid*.
3% ON furniture & ptano»: S15 up; no removals
V. TKBMAIN. room 81. 6 Eddy «t.. Boor 4.
ALL loans on diamonds and Jewelry 2 per cent
mo S. P. Collateral Loan Bank. 533 K:aray.
STAR Loan Co. of Wyoming loans money to
salaried employes. R.; 311, Mutual Sav.Bk.bM.
CASH loaned salaried people on notes without
Indorjw-r. MORRELL. «!09 Examiner b'.-i-t.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS. ~
A — YOU will not have to pay for special sals
advertising on those bargains. Uprights:
Collard. $G7; Sherman & Hyde, $117; Fllsher.
$05; Singer, almost new. $163: 2 Steinways.
Kood condition, large and small size. Sltio.
ShiZi; Chickerins. fj*o. $130: :t Heine, second-
hand. $105: slightly wsed, $237, J;»5; 1 Iletn*
baby grand, $7"J3; Krell, slightly used, dark
mahogany. $205. New bargains: Mason &
Hamlln upright. $2S5; Rehr Bros., mahogany.
$247; Conover. $265. Piano players slightly
used fiom $00 up. Pianos rented. $"- up.
apply on purchase. Installments. >4 uv>-
t'ash discount if paid in two years. HEINC
PIANO CO.. ZZZ-ZK Geary St.; largest ex-
clusive piano house of the West: agents for
the Gabler. Krell. Stejrer. ITelne. SlngT. etc.
A SMALL walnut Emerson upright, absolutely
like new. $135. 237 Geary s^
STEINWAT ujvriEht. left by private party.
$lt>5; a great bargain. 237 Geary 3t.
YOU do not take any chances when buying
from us. Our methods are well known to b«
open and above board. "Bis bargains, not
big ads." is our rule. AH goods guaranteed,
as represented or no sale. Call and see l.-iro
assortment of new and us.~<l !-!stramems.
THE ZENO MAUVAIS MUSIC CO.. 7<R> Mar-
ket st.
A FEW upright bargains from $70 up, eomprt*.
ing such makea as Chickertng. Jacobson.
Voae Sterling. Knabe. FUcher. Schwechten.
Weser. Schuman and others: ea«y payment*.
BESJ. CUP.TAZ & SON. 16 O'FarrtU St.; turn
branches in San Francisco.
THE greatest opportunity ever offered in San
Francisco to get a good reliable piano cheap.
Before our removal we will sacrifice any in-
strument for cash or Installment*. Call or
write for prices and terms at once. KOKLER
fc CHASE. Eatabllshed 1300. UP O'Farryll.
BAND instruments: F. Besscn. Parts, maker.
Gus Maiwald. ARt. Pac. Coast. 27* O'Farrell;
skillful repairing; -'l-na.-vl Instruments aoli.
BARGAIN — Standard make upright; good con-
dition. SCHMITZ & CO.. 1U McAllister al.
Unredeemed storage pianos and furniture dirt
cheap. Whltehead's Storage. lC;tt Market s:.
BEAUTIFUL 3-pedal Steinway upright piano;
perfect order; sacrifice. Keeft*e's,'iSO O'Farrell.
BUY direct from the factory and save 50 per
cent. HOriNt'NG. 216 McAllister »t.
BEST rentlnjr piatio In city for £5 p«r month.
SCOTT-CUKTAZ PIANO CO.. 5C0 Hayes st.
SOHMER Byron Mansy pianos. Cecilian piano
player. BYK0N MAU2Y. 303-312 Post st.
BITPERIOIt vJollns. xith'rs. old and new. H.
M1TLLER. maker, repairer. 2 Lathant place.
PHYSICIANS ANO SlUyEOSs.
DR. C. C O'DONNELL— OfRce and rejMenc*.
1021',i Market St.. bet. Sixth and Seventh.
BLOOD, skin and rectal diseases a specialt}'-
DR. BALL. 1073»* Market st.
REMOVE&^nu!~w6so~i:iiI. herb" doctor:
treats all disease* of the human body: tct
past four years at 115-117 Mason: r.ow lo-
cated at 6;;" Geary st.. near Leavenwortb.
DR. TONG PO CirY, successor to Er. U To
Tal. herb doctor; cures all diseases of huma™
by use vt hnrbs and teas. 727 Washington
WONO v/oo the famous herb doctor— All «J
»***, *wm\ bv CblnMo herbs. 749-8 CU» *
-z — ¦ —¦> rr — ; : ¦ — ¦ — ¦ i
If you want to buy a house and lot,
Or want to sell a farm.
Or would place a child in some nice spot
Where it can't come to harm.
Or if you should want a flrst-class place,
. Or wish to hire a man,
Or would like a maid with pleasant face,
We'll tell you the best plan:
There is no use talking of it at all,
For that won't do the trick.
But through Want Ads in The Dally Call
Success is sure and quick.The University Mound and Bay View
Improvement clubs have sent the follow
ing communication to the Health Board
relative to the condition of affairs in
Butchertown:
The University Mound and Bay View Im
provement clubs dot-ire hereby to call your at
tention to certain facts in relation to that por
tion of the city and county of San Francisco
known and designated as "Butchertown."
The various firms engaged in the business of
slaughtering cattle, sheep, hdgs and other ani
mals within the limits of the city and icounty
of San Franclaco carry on their business in
thirty-six Cit>) blocks of land, situated in the
Potrero. These blocks of land were granted to
certain persons for the butchers by act of .Leg
islature found In the statutes of 1S69 and 1S70.
It was provided in that act that if at any time
the conduct of the business of the butchering
within these limits should become a nuisance
and remain such for sixty days said grant
would become void and of no effect.
At the time these blocks were granted all
of them were covered by the ebb and now of
the tide. Since then, however, by the grading
of Railroad avenue Kentucky street and Fifth
and Seventh avenues, a large portion of these
lots are no longer under tide water and the de
posits of offal cause the place to be so offen
sive as to create a nuisance. The buildings
are old, having been there, since about 18t&.
*nd In the opinion - of your petitioners, the
Improvement Clubs Petition That
the Slaughter-Houses Be Re
moved or Rebuilt.
WANT HEALTH BOARD TO
INVESTIGATE BX7TCHEBT0WN
Wants Ordinance Passed.
Walter C. Campbell of 1S20 Turk' Btreet.
has petitioned the Supervisors to pass an
ordinance making it a misdemeanor* to
ride on tho steps of any street car.
Campbell says he was thrown from a car
the steps of which were crowded" with
passengers.
..-. • ¦ . .• -
Must Stop Making Noise.
The Supervisors' Health and Fire Com
mittees yesterday decided to revoke tho
permit of the Standard Milk Company
at Sixteenth and Guerrero streets on Sep
tember 21 If. It does not stop the noises
complained of by adjoining residents.
A committee from the Laborers' Pro
tective Union appeared before the Board
of Public Works yesterday arrd petitioned
that the wages of laborers be raised from
$2 EO to- $3 per day. ;It was . represented
that laborers on State work were re
ceiving the higher wages and the board
took the matter. under advisement.
Auditor Baehr has made requisition, on
the Civil . Service Commission for twenty
five extra clerks who will' be employed
to enter en the book3 the raise In tha
assessment valuation made by "the Board
of Equalization. Registrar "W!alsh .will
put five extra clerks at work In connec
tion with the approaching elections. •
Laborers Want Higher Wages.
Will Employ Extra Clerks.
The following named are applicants for
the position of chief plumbing Inspector
under the Board oC Health, the exami
nation for which will b© held September
12: John J. Bradley, Thomas A. Casserly.
Thomas Clark, Thomas J. Farrell. Jo
seph A. Fay, Samuel N. Grubb. "W. D.
Hobro Jr., George Humphreys, James H.
Kelly, "William H. Kelly, Thomas H. ilc-
Grath, Peter Mulligan, Joseph P. Strlegel,
John J. Sullivan.
Would Be Chief Plumbing Inspector.
la. E. Davidson was appointed special
teacher -of manual training, vice E. E.
Gjoodell, resigned.
Frank Barthel was elected as a. special
teacher of manual training and assigned
for duty at the Franklin Grammar
School, vice L. E. Davidson, transferred.
The sum of $5 was withheld from the
salary warrant of Miss M. G. Saicido for
her tardiness during the month of Au
gust, she having been reported by Prin
cipal Murphy of the Commercial School.
It was resolved that chapters I, II and
III of the new State United States His
tory be substituted for the work of the
A sixth grade In the course of study, to
go into effect Monday, September 14, 1903.
The request of Miss Jean Parker that
she be placed on the retired list of
teachers was referred by the Board of
Education yesterday to the retirement
committee. Miss Parker has been . con
nected with the Public School Department
for many years and the Jean .Parker
School on Broadway was named after her
for her work in behalf of education.
Miss Frances A. Deane of the High
School unassigned list, having failed to
report for duty on the expiration of her
leave, was dropped from the department.
• The name of Miss Henrietta B. Byrne
was stricken from the list of High" School
substitutes. ' '
Board of Education Appoints Two
Special Instructors in Study
of Manual Training.
TEACHER ASKS TO BE
PUT ON RETIBED LIST
The. committee thereupon postponed ac
tion on the Santa Fe's petition until next
Thursday ... f \ • .
John ' and Maggie Trout of 1020
Mariposa street filed a protest against
granting the ' franchise \to the Santa Fe
Company. The reasons assigned are that
the adjoining property would depreciate
in value and if the franchise should be
granted that electricity Bhould be sub
stituted for steam.
The Real Estate and Development Com
pany, by Fred Clark president, repre
senting 1035 feet frontage, filed a petition
that the board grant- the application of
the Santa Fe Company for a franchise.
The petition recitea, . that the adjacent
property will find Its most important use
as sites for manufacturing and Industrial
enterprises, and to this end the fullest
possible development of railway service
Is essential.
The Santa Fe Company filed an amend
ed petition for a franchise so that the
route of the road will run from a point
at the Intersection of Arkansas and Six
teenth streets along Eighth and thence
along Fifteenth street, owing to protests
filed by* property owners.
"If you eliminate the building of the
viaduct and the reservation of a street
through the marketplace lots," continued
Kruttschnltt, "we will agree to contribute
$55,000 to the building of the Third street
bridge and " also convey a strip of land
twenty feet In width for the widening
of Kentucky street."
"The widening Qf Kentucky street
would be very desirable," said Grunsky,
and the committee expressed itself as- fa
voring the suggested compromise Im
provement.
In the afternoon the committee met
again and It was agreed that the term of
the ' franchise shalt be for fifty years.
Manson suggested that Sixteenth street
be widened by twenty, feet from Illinois
street to Potrero avenue, but Herrin said
the streets could be widened when neces
sary- Grunsky said the Western Pacific
Company had asked for a franchise at
the crossing of Tulare and Marln streets,
and It may be necessary to bridge over
certain streets.
sky, "and unless some mention Is made
of the proposition now the city may ex
perience difficulty In building the viaduct
in future years. The track system of the
Southern Pacific has practically closed
Fifth str'eet to traffic and the viaduct
will allow travel to the north and south
of Channel street. I think the city
should bear its share of the expense for
the viaduct."
"But the ordinance provides that the
company shall pay three-fourths and the
city only one-fourth of the cost," said
Herrin. "That Is not the city's share at
all."
"The necessity for the viaduct may not
arise for ten years," said Manson, "and
many cities in granting such valuable
privileges would not contribute one cent
for any required improvement."
"If all these conditions are forced upon
us," said Kruttschnitt, "we would be
compelled to change our entire plans, as a
viaduct would destroy the usefulness of
the terminal."
slaughter-houses should cither be moved cr re
built according to modern methods.
We therefore respectfully ask that your hon
orable board conduct an Investigation of ths
condition of affairs in P.utchertown. to the end
that an improvement of some kind be ¦ mada.
Very respectfully,
UNIVERSITY MOUND AND BAY VIEW Ilf-
PROVEMKNT CLl'ISS. George II. .Roundly.
H. O. Taylor, Henry A. Tesamer, Executive
Committee.
"The viaduct may become an absolute
necessity in course' of time," said Grun-
John Deahl objected to leasing the
marketplace lots to the Southern -Pa
cific Company at $500 per month, claim
ing that the property should be rented to
the highest bidder.
Herrin suggested that it would be bet
ter to agree on a valuation of the lots, so
that the company could purchase them
outright.
Dcahl advised against immediate sale
of the land, saying that if the company
could afford to pay $150,000 at the present
time for the lots It could pay that sum
in five or ten years, as the property would
certainly not depreciate in value.
Herrin said it was absolutely inconsist
ent to reserve land for street purposes
on property to be rented to the company,
as the city had the power at any time to
open up streets.
"This is an important step in connec
tion with our doing business with San
Francisco," said Kruttschnitt, "and we
could not afford to take it with our ten
ure of the terminals as uncertain as the
ordinance would make It."
Grunsky said he had always pointed to
the value of the marketplace lots and
that a right of way through them is es
sential to protect the city's interest.
"We will not accept the franchise with
the stipulation for a^ street through the
land," said. Herrin.
"The committee will take this matter
under advisement," said Chairman Cur
tis.
"In view of the fact that we have
promised to spend $55,000 across Third
street we could not agree to build a via
duct across. Fifth street, which would
cost probably $p00,000," said Kruttschnltt.
"You have provided for a bridge on Six
teenth street for which we will have but
little use. I think we have been very
generous In this matter and the commit
tee should 'let up' a little on us."
VIADUCT .A NECESSITY.
OBJECTS TO LEASE.
Kruttschnltt objected to the reserva
tion of a strip of land sixty feet in width
for an entrance to the marketplace
claiming that it was a new proposition.
"It was understood," said Kruttschnltt,
"that the Southern Pacific Company
should contribute $55,000 toward building
a bridge across Third street, and we
think that Is all we should be required
to do."
These blocks are of especial value to the
railroad as they run through the center ,of
their land and if they secure possession of
them they will have a clear tract reaching
from Fourth to Sixth street, about 1700 feet
In length, and having a water frontagre on the
south side of Channel street for this entire
distance.
The communication, signed by E. P. E.
Troy, was read and recited that at the
rate that adjacent property was rented
the marketplace lots should be worth
$27,048 per year. The communication con
tinues: '
The proposed grant of franchise to the
Southern Pacific Company for a bay shore
line seems to be in a fair way of settle
ment as a result of the conference yes
terday between the Supervisors'^ Street
Committee and representatives of the
corporation. The committee had prepared
an ordinance providing for the grant and
had Imposed certain conditions therein to
•which the company took exception. These
included the building of a viaduct across
Fifth street and the laying out of a street
through the marketplace lots, which the
company Is desirous of leasing for Its ter
minal.
The company flatly refused to accept
either of the two foregoing conditions,
but afc a compromise voluntarily agreed
to donate the necessary land to ¦ widen
Kentucky street twenty feet- for a dis
tance of a mile or more. The committee
did not formally agree to the compromise,
but It is understood that it will meet the
company half way and the ordinance pro
viding for the grant covering the condi
tions will be presented to the board at
next Monday's meeting, together with
the report of the committee on the sub
ject.
Representing the -company were Chief
Counsel Herrlr, General Manager
Kruttschnltt, Jere Burke and E. J.
Foulds. Besides the members of the
Street Committee — Supervisors Curtis,
Braunhart and Connor — there were pres
ent Supervisors Laughery and Wilson/
Commissioner of Works Manson and City
Engineer Grunsky.
AGREE ON RENTAL.
Herrln said he considered the rental of
the marketplace lots fixed at $500 per
month for the first five years as being
high, but he had agreed to the figure
made by the City Engineer.
"There is a citizen who does not agree
with you," said Braunhart. "He has filed
a communication which I would like to
have read."
Southern Pacific Company
Offers Land to Widen
Kentucky Street.
Street Committee Will
Present an Ordinance
•for Right of "Way.
FRANCHISE SOON
TO BE SETTLED
THE SAN FKANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, SEPTEMBER 11, 1903.
13
PIAXOS AXn ORGAKS.
2 BARNES & SON— Price. Now.
Walnut cases, large size, colonial
ftyle. three pedals. 7 1-3 octave*
eviual to new ............. S^n $275
Walnut case, cabinet grand.
carved raneis, 7 1-3 octaves, three
petal*, in fine condition. Bllghtly
1 nMEHSOX- 450 * 73
ilemish oak case, cabinet rrand
v. ry latest desgia and finish, nearly
;¦' soiiMER- : 45 ° 3o °
Mahorany case, aefliura sire full
ringing deck. 7 1-3 octaves. Vhor-
("PThly renovated and equal to
MTEBER- S2S
Rosewood caee. fancy carved
largest fixe. 7 1-3 octaves. In «-
crliont condition 6»0 ~V
1 BRADBURY— 323
Rosewood case, large sire, 7 1-3
octaves, thoroughly renovated and
equal to new kaa t\n
1 BRADBURY— °
_ Hed cak case, cabinet grand.
. 1-3 octaves, thorouchly renova- /
ted e.nd_ equal to new 500 323
Ccmp.ete list furnished en application at
our etore. SHERMAN. CLAY & CO..
____^_^_ Corner Kearay and Sutter sts.
PEItSOXALS.
WANTED— Immediately, Information of the
w hereabouts cf the FOM-in-Iaw of the late
JAMES WATSON. WATSON who was the
iu;er.t for the eale of whale oils, died at St.
Mary's Hospital, Pan Francisco, about ten
years a^o. The present address of his son-
in-law (whose name is not known here) is
urgently required by ANTONIO SILVIERA.
Monterey. Cal.
A— FACIAL IJLEMISHKS REMOVED.
V.'rlr.kicf, yellow and flabby skin, birthmarks,
R&allpox pittinps and ecars scientifically re-
moved without cutting, massagi?, electricity or
itiediaaw ; f-;>fcial demonstrations this week.
<all or wri-.t- Or. L. WILLIAMS. 371 Geary.
EPIX'IAL — Reducrd for the month only, home
treatment that you cun use at your own
heme. renwvtec v. rinkles. tan, freckles, leav-
ir.s f-kii, en ar and j? niooth : to be had only at
try office . Call or write M. ELLA HARRIS,
7M UFmmdl *t.
THE £t»r Hair R»xnedy restores gray hair, lm-
prorea its gr vtli.s'ors falling.cure* (iandmrt
and itch'.ng scalp; no stain or stickiness;
c'.tanyes ecalp: at druggists', hairdressers' ;ac.
eppt no fuhstitut". Star neroedyCo..3S5Geary.
IF ALFRED AITCHESON TRACEY will con-
muni'.ate with the undersigned he Trill learn
f-r mething to his advantage. R. C. AT-
WOOD. V. O. box !rJ5.'), Pan Francisco, Cal.
JCOT how cl'.fap. but how good is the motto of
the manufacturers of the Rapid Rotary
Standard, the hewtng-machine of to-day. J.
W. KVANS. ut-.rt. U J J1 Markft ft.
I'UYSICIAN, ID ypars' experience, cures per-
man.r.tly Btorcblne, cocalr.e habit. Call cr
adJrp^s Central Pharmacy. £51 Grant ave.,
ccr^r Futtcr «.t.. Iff moderate.
tiAIRPHTISPING in all tranches taught: $3 for
2 w«-rk6. t'r-tc-Date Halrdre5Fing Parlors,
I02G Market rt.. room 1. upstairs.
DANCTNG Tuesday, Thursday, Saturday and
Sca&lT evenings at Tcutor.la Hall, Howard
Ft., near Ninth; management Prof. Fester.
AT 1^55 tn&n ctf I. uncalled f.?r suits, overcoats
end trjut^rs. at CHARLES LYONS', London
Tailor, 721 Market Ft.
THE hlrtett p'-ioe paid fT ladies' or gents'
caBt-oJT clothing ar.J all articles cf value at
"WEINBEIIG'S. 114A Ellis st.
ELKOAXT suits on easy instillmer.ts: 50 cents
and up I«r week. LEON LEMOS, 1U.7
Mark;et St., between Seventh and Eighth.
ALL styles liainiresfir.g 2.V; hiir goods; mani-
curing, 25c. G. LEDERER, 123 Stockton et.
TAILOR-MADE »u!t $7 T.O; dress pants $2 50.
Misfit Cicthing 1'a.rlor. cor. Dush and Dupont.
SUPERFLUOUS hair and moles removed by
electric r.ecdle. Dr.&Mrs. Traverse, 1170 Market
MASQUERADE costumes, play books, wigs,
country order*. GOLDSTEIN & CO., 733 Mkt
ALFREDUM'S Efi-y r tlan Henr.a restores eray
fcfclr f its naturai color; fl; at ail drupeists'.
Eapernuous hair and molee removed with eiec-
trlc needle. Mrs. & Mist Eaton. 111ft gutter.
PALAUSTHY.
MME. DEVAS — Scientific palmist and astrolo-
Klst. Palm readings Jl. Hours 10 to 12 and
1 to S. and Tuesday evenings. 139 Poet st
H. JEROME FOSELLI. scientific palmist. C15
Taylor st. near Gecry. Phone Black 561.
-¦
noons i'oh iiui.»KKi:i:i'iMi.
ANTLERS. 415 Turk et. — Strictly modern; 4-5
room apartments ; fur? or unfur. for fcskpg.
BUCHANAN. 1S41— 3 euncy furnished rooms;
ttth; gas end coal ranges; porch.
HERBERT (The) — Sunny apartments for
housekeeping; po« ranges; Just newly fur-
nisned. 1530 Polk Et.
HOWARD. 7134— Housekeeplr^r rooms, three;
two beds, respectable, no transients.
HOVTAP.D. 10C3— 2 Fasny connecting front
housekeeping rooms; others.
JESt-'IE. ES3 — Sunny room, rurnlshed house-
kf-e;,:ng : gag ranee, water; $10; tee this.
LINDEN ave., 324 — Nice, eunr.y, furnished
housekeeping rooms.
OCTAVIA. 14ai. corner cf Geary — Bunny
room*; running water; housekeeping; 1 per-
t-'n $7. 2 persons $3.
£T. JAMES. McAllister and Lajmna— Furnish-
ed sunny euite with separate sunny kitchen:
pa? range; all complete for housekeeping:
f 15 up.
ETOCKTON. 12W— Hr.UFPkeeping; front, newly
furr.lfhed; SI> to fl-: phon". :;ai». bath; sunny.
A BRANCH orflce Xcr Call advertievicent* and
t j» •-*•;•.-. ¦ r.= has been established at 1096
V»l»rfla rt. '
— Forn. and Lnfnrn.
A HANDSOMELY furnished, sunny bay-win- i
<Jow room in private residence, four block* :
5ng distance of Afniiated Colleges, j'l5; also
'arge unfurnished room with private en-
trance; gentlemen only. Address box 1705,
Call office
A— BRUNSWICK House. 148 Sixth— Rooms
25c to Jl per night. $1 25 to $5 per week ud
lig-ht housekeeping rooms; open all night. *
AT "The Almonte." 873 Market st. (or No. 1
Fifth et.)— Rooms. 25c. fiOc. $1. $1 50 right;
tl 50 to HO week; house open all night.
BURNETT. 1*26 Market — fold No. 1364)— Fur-
nished rooms. «uitrs, cingle; also unfurnished.
BUSH. 7SS. roar — Nice large sunny rooms; $C,
J7. f8 month.
CLIFFORD. 204 EJlis, cor. Mason— Elerantly
furnished tunny rooms; prices reasonable.
EIGHTH. JOH— Bay-window front room for
men and wife cr 2 gentlemen.
ELLIS KT7 — Nicely furnished front room; pri-
vate family.
GP.AND Southern. 7th and Mission — R.ooms 50c
to $1 60 n'.ght; $2 to $3 week; reading-room.
EAIGHT, 11&S — Sunny furnished room; gas
and bath.
1 HOTELGRAYSTONE
66 Geary et.; qshone Bush SSO.
Cmtnlly located fireproof hotel; elegantly
furnlehed suites, with baths and einglet.
OTARRELL, 20 — Sunny furnished rooms and
office*; elevator: elec lights; day, week, mo. .
ROYAL House. 128 Ellis — Incandescent lights,
reading-room, emoking-room and ladies' par-
lor: rooms per night, :55c to $1 CO; week, $2
to fS; month. $8 to $30; elevator on ground
floor: rooms with hot and cold water; bathi>.
EHOTWELL, 18 — 1 email front room. $5; 1
large rear. <7; both gunny; gas.
6T. JAMES, McAllister and Laguna — Front
runny rooms; all new; very cheap; telephone
Page £751.
UNITED STATES. 123 Eddy et.. near Market—
40O single and family rooms; 35c to $1 night:
$1 78 to $6 week; elevator; electric lights;
r"adm(j-room: free bus and baggage.
. . — ¦
VALENCIA. 133 — Sunny furnished front room;
euitabl6 for 1; cas; bath; phone; $7.
WINCHESTER Hotel, 44 3d «t.. near Market—
Most convenient and respectable: 700 rooms;
35c to fl £»0 night; $2 to $8 week; elevatcr;
elec light*; reading-room: free bus; baggage.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Fillmore.
A BRANCH offic* for Call advertisement! and
subscriptions has been established at 1038
Valencia rt.
ROOMS AXD BOARD.
eT^V^E^KoTrManslonT^oT^Canf^rnlii^r-^t^
tractive and cichtly rooms; best table and
service; lowest rates.
VAN NESS ave.. 1714 — Private boarding-house,
home like, everything first class; eum.jr
eultey; single rooms; choice locality: ref.
POOM and board, double. $5 per week; single
$6; parlor; bath; phone. 806 McAlllrter et.
THE LAKE, 2CS Turk— Nicely furnished
rooms r.-jtJ: board.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cwit* — The Weekly Call.
16 par^f. in wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
ltoOMS ASP HOARD \VAXTE»T
tADY withes tingle room and board In family;
*6 week. 1522 McAllister St., MRS. I* . _ •
THE CAT.iYS
GREAT ATLAS OFFER
Will close on September 24,
1903, and all holders of Atlas
Coupons are requested to pre-
sent thbm immediately, as this
great opportunity to secure one-
of these splendid Atlases at The
Call's premium rates will be
brought to a close on Septem-
ber 24.
REAL ESTATE CITT — FOR BALE.
D. COFFIN & CO.. pioneer real estate agents
of the Mieslon. will sell you for »100 down
and $20 per month for cottage, S r. and b.,
Rt 26th and Castro 6ts. ; |500 down and $26
per month for new cottage, 5 r. and b., on
Precita ave.: $1500 down for 2 new flats.
Army et. D. COFFIN & CO.. 3303 Mission.
A BARGArN— |425oi CORNER I/>T, 2
FLATS; LOT 25x114; 184 CLIPPER ST.
BEE OWNER ON PREMISES.
YOU can buy new cottage. 7 rooms, in course
of construction for cost of building; lot 29:6x
125 thrown in; must be sold inside 48 hours;
a snap; call early and bid. 2 Twenty-ninth
street.
NEAT cottage with modern improvements;
t<nrs same as paying rent. Apply owner,
lumber yard. S.E. corner Alabama and Mont-
calm streets.
A TWO-STORY house of C rooms and bath, gas
end wat»r; modern improx-ements; grand ma-
rine view; on Sutro Height?, near CHS
Hcuse. Apply 410 Forty-fifth aye.
j FOR sale — House 8 rms.; high basement; sunny
Fide 10th. bet. Valencia and Mission; no reas.
offer refused. Stephens & Co.. Vn!on-sq. Mkt.
MARKET and Dolores — 7CxS0 feet, unlm-
proved. See owner's sign on premises.
HEAL. ESTATE Country — For Sale.
I SACRIFICED TO WALL STREET.
Thr most beautifully located fifty-acre plat
for a country home on the north fhoro of
Long Island. One hundred feet above the
water. JWO feet of shore front. Most select
country colony. I cannot afford to build;
must cell quick. Price, ?30.OCO; cost $50,000.
Principals only address "JJROKER," care
W. H H. HULL & CO.. Tribune building,
New York City.
A DEPIRABLE country home at Walnut Creek.
Contra Costa County, California; five lots, 50
xl40 each: house with :J bedrooms, kitchen,
pantry, china rlos^t, washrooms, bathroom,
etc.; hot and cold waW in house; two wells,
windmill with r<000-sallon tank: chicken-
house. 5 varieties of grapes, 2 flg trees. 4
plums. 5 apples. 4 peara. 12 English walnuts
(bearing). 22 softshell almonds. CO English
walnutb to graft this year, large variety of
flowers and nice lawn: barn holds 40 tons of
hay and 0 horses; price $1300.
W. J. MORTIMER 4 CO .
212:; Center St.. Berkeley. Cal.
ALFALFA lands, Ftock ranches, orchards,
vineyards: inej>ected bargains; monthly cata-
loeues sent free. C. M. WOOSTER CO., 64S
Market ft.
POINT RICHMOND REAL. ESTATE.
WATER frcnt lets and bargains; all tracts;
maps, photos. «>tr. BELL. 417 Parrott bM*.
HEAL ESTATE TO EXCHANGE.
I O"V\*NER of choice Berkeley real estate would
i like to exchange for some In this city. Ad-
, dress box 4143. Call offic*.
ALAMEDA ADTERTISEMEN'El
ALA31EDA REAL. ESTATE.
JUST WHAT YOU ARE LOOKING FOR.
A PRETTY HOME IN ALAMEDA.
: Surrounded by flowers and fruit .trees; near
train and schools; only ?2S50; lot 75x123.
Nice 5-room cottage and bath.
ALAMEDA LAND COMPANY.
Tel. Grand 141C. 1500 Park St.. Alameda.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE, 1118 3SOADWAY.
OAKLAND ROOMS TO LET.
SUNNY rooms with gas and bath; reasonable;
board if deslrtd: also elegant suite of parlors,
j turnifhed or unfurnished, suitable for doctor
.or dentist: central. ST1 Adeline Ft.. Oakland
i OAKLAND FURNITURE' FOR SALE.
i TO-MORROW the day for bargains in furni-
ture. H. Echellhaaa, 11th gt.,cor.store.Oaklnd.
Mill Valley Advertisements.
MILL VALLEY REAL ESTATE.
TAKE a trip to Mill Valley to-day with your
wife and children. The ride on the boat to
Sausalito will be very plea&ant. Arriving at
£ausalito you take the new three-rail elec-
tric road (the only one on the Coast);
rides like a Pullman car and makes the
time to Mill Valley In nine minutes. You
will enjoy the trip and the natural beauties
of Mill Valley. Incidentally we would like
to have you lock at the lots In Bunny-
side tract, which are right at .the terminus
of the new electric road. These unequaled
traveling facilities are bour.d to add greatly
to thj value of land in Mill Valley. You
cannot lose if you buy one or more lots.
They now vary in price Irom fC to 515 a
foot, extra deep. Never will be less, and
in fact are bound to be worth more. The
terms are only 10 r«er cent down and bal-
ance In fio monthly installments. Don't de-
lay this trip, as the lots are selling very
fast. Over 00 have already been sold.
Prices will be advanced shortly. Call or
send for our Illustrated and descriptive book-
let. Agent on the grounds Sunday. LYON
& UOAG, 116 Montgomery st.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
NOTICE is hereby given that the Transfer
JJi-i I;s Iir i.he transfer of stock of The Bank
it California will be closed September 15.
1903, «t » o'clock p. m.. and will reopen on
Friday. October 2. 1903. By order of the
Beard cT Directors.
ALLEN M. CLAY. Secretary.
September •'{, 1903.
DR. A. E. NEUMEISTER, Surgeon— Special
attention given to medical and surgical dis-
eases cf women, diseases of the liver stom-
ach and bowels. !H:j-l4 Starr King bldg..
121 G«>ary rt.: teL Private Exchange 218.
SPECIALISTS. ~~~
CATARRH, DEAFNE^anTNOISES in EARS
positively cured; new method; 1 week's treat-
ment free. Dr. Cottinsham. 204 Sutter St.
STOIIACK AND WAREHOUSES^
! A— EMPORIUM~TtcTa^e^~VaToo7rru7nTturei
household goods stored, moved, shipped. 725-
731 Howard ft., near Third; phone Grant 16L
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage & Moving Co.. of-
fice Post and Powell sts.; tel. Priv. Ex. C7L.
CO.VIILIN'S storage^ — Furniture and merchan-
dise. 333 Oolden Gate ave.; phone East 126.
GOLDEN Wen Storage; advances made; 840
Mission St.; tel. Howard 941. F. W. Zehfuss.
j PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
pany. 2320 Flllmore st.: phone Jackson 281.
BEKINS V«r. and Storape Co., 11 Montgomery
Ft.: tel. Main 1«4». Shipping at cut rates.
STLTTBIIIXC i AND STA3IMEKIXG.
MELBOURNE System School, Van Ness and
Market: positive cure for all. Don't delay.
TYPEWRITERS AND SUPPLIES.
GREAT BARGAINS IN TYPEWRITERS^We
Fell better machines for le*s money than any
house in the city; rentals $3. The Typewriter
Exchange. 536 California; telephone Main 266.
A FKW good typewriters at $30 each; get par-
ticulars. L. & M. ALEXANDER, 110 Mont-
gomery st.
2P-HAND typewriters sold, rented, repaired.
Webster Typewriter Insppc. Co.. 200 Sansome.
~ PROPOSALS.
BAN FRANCISCO^ Cal.. Augi 5£ 1303—
gealed proposals, in triplicate, will be re-
ceived here until 11 o'clock a. m. Sept. 14,
1003, and then opened for construction of a
frame guardhouse at General Hospital, l're-
eidio of Ban Francisco. Cal.; Government re-
»erves right to reject or accept any cr all
bids in whole or in part. Information fur-
nished on application to C. A. DEVOL,
Quartermaster. Chief Q. M.
MABBJAGE LICENSES.
The following marriage licenses were issued
yesterday :
Andrew P. F. Jacobs, 44, 125 Turk street,
end Annie Jack, 04, 125 Turk etreet.
Antone R. Jackson, 20, 215 Elm avenue, and
Carrie Wood, 28, 504% Grove street.
Thomas F. Uigginson, 22, <M2 Howard street,
and Maggie li. Caldwell, 23. San Mateo.
Leonard V. Bullard. 25, 502 Taylor street,
and Carrie Schubener, 25, 357 Grove street.
John J. Mahoney, 22, Hollister, and Sadie
O'Connor, 23, city.
Martin P. Hudson, 29, Point Richmond, and
Lulu A. McHenry, 23, Point Richmond.
Louis Salabert, 21. (XKS Pacific street, and
Marie Tayrac. 23, 112 Trenton street.
Ernest J. Seyfried, 21, 230 Ninth street, and
Minnie P. McGehee, 10. 675 Bush street.
Julius Jansen, 25, Los Angeles, and Geor-
cctta Smith, 22. Bodie. . -?•
les C. Hennlngsen, 2G, Placervllle, and Anna
M. Peteri>en, 25, Placerville.
Joseph II. Silveira, 29, 410>i Natoma street.
and Isabella C. Stenuaelch. 29, 277 Clara, street,
Harry C. Tlmms. 87. 330 Fifth atreet. and
Maud Dibble. 23, Topeka, Kans.
Francisco Perrelra, 20, B5 Jackaon ! Btreet,
and Constancla de Jeeus, 23, 65 Jackson Btreet.
Von Humboldt Shore, 32, Berkeley, and Ad-
dle B. Blair, 25. Berkeley.
Charles H. Brown, 48. city, and Marie Trim-
mer. 37. city. ,
BIRTHS-MARRIAGES-DEATHS,
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mall will not be inserted. They roust be handed
in at either of the publication offices and be
Indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authoriied to have the same published.
J3wXvJM ¦
FAHIEN' — In this city, August 24, 1903. to the
wife of Louis J. FahKn (nee Neieser), a
daughter.
McNUL,TY— In this city, September 4. 1903. to
tha wife of George J. McNulty, a daughter.
WOODBURY— In this city. September 10. 1003,
to the wife of Leon \V. Woodbury, a son.
MABJRIEiX
BEKNALLACK— SILVA— In this city, Sep-
tember 9. 1903, by the Rev. L. C. Sanford,
George C. Bennallack and Stella J. Eilva.
DIXON— GRAHAM— In this city. September 9,
10O.1. at the First United Presbyterian
Church, by tho Rev. H. H. Bell, Thomas
Edwin Dlxon and Lillian Graham, both of
San Francisco.
HATHAWAY— BOLE— In this city, September
8, 100:5, by the Rev. Jay William Hudson,
minister of the Second Unitarian Church,
Walter Scott Hathaway of Banning, Cal.,
and Sarah A. Bole of Portland, Or.
HEWITT— CARY— In this city. September 6.
lDO."!, at the First United Presbyterian
Church, by the Rev. H. H. Bell. Jesse L.
Hewitt of Penryn. Placer County, Cal., and
Myrtle Cary of San Francisco.
LINDE— FOUTS— In this city, September p.
WO."!, by the Rev. R. F. Steinbach, Charley
E. Limit- and Margie C. Fouts, both of San
Francisco.
LINDSTROM— PERKINS— In this city, Sep-
tember 8. 1903, by the Rev. 'L. C. Sanford,
rector of the Church of St. John the Evan-
gelist, John Francis Lindstrom and Carolyn
J. Perkins.
MORRIS— BERRY— In this city, August 27.
1003, by the Rev. L. C. Sanford. Stanley S.
Morris and Katherine W. Berry.
DIED.
Bergin, Annabella Hussy, Andrew
Bergin. James Kerrell, Albert D.
Boardman, Matilda Kiervan. Bridget
Bruggeman, Mrs. M. Llppert. Leonard
Buckman. Homer O. McGrath, Josle
Clark, Isabella D. Nathan. Isaac M.
Cook. Walter Roberts, Fred
Cooley, Mary Steele. William
Downey, John Waldorf. Adaline
Ford, Catherine Warner, John W.
Hart, Florence I. Weiss. Johanna
Hextrum (infant) Winn, William B.
BERGIN— In this city, September 0, 1903, at
the residence, 4:>9 Harriet street, Annabella,
beloved wife of Michael Bergin, mother of
John and Theresa R. B?rgin, daughter of
James and Elizabeth Allen, and sister of
Mrs. N. Pederson. Mw. G. Buzel. Theresa,
James. Joseph and John Allen and the late
Mrs. Elizabeth Mack, a native of San Fian-
claco, aged 28 years 8 months and 2 days.
(CyNutice of funeral hereafter.
BERGIX— In this city, September 10, 1903, at
the parents' residence, 2-J09 Sixteenth 6treet.
James, beloved son of Winifred and the
late John licrgin, and brother of Michael and
John Bergin, Mrs. M. Nealon and Mrs. Kate
Helmer, a native of San Francisco, aged 19
years and 4 months.
BOARDMAN— In Camp Meeker, September 3,
1903, Matilda Estelle. beloved daughter of
John H. and Ellen Boardman, and sister of
Mrs. O. C. Zinns and Mrs. L. E. Enslrni, a
native of San Francisco, aged 28 years.
C?" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
Saturday, September 12, 1003, # at 10:.'J0
o'clock, at the residence of her parents, 2521
Van Ness avenue, thence by electric funeral
car from the corner of Eighteenth and Guer-
rero streets at 11:30 o'clock. Interment
Cypres3 Lawn Cemetery.
BRUGGEMAN— In Fruitvale, at the German
Altenhelm, Mrs. Marianne Bruggeman, a na-
tive of Germany, aeed 72 years 3 months and
21 days.
Zy Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
to-morrow (Saturday), at 2 o'clock, at the
German Altenhelm, Fruitvale. Cremation at
the Oakland Crematorium.
BUCKMAN— Near Colfax, September 7. 1003,
Homer O., husband of Ora Runyon Buck-
man, son of Hilbert D. Buckman of Boston,
Mass., brother of Mrs. W. H. Vhynoweth,
and nephew of J. H. Falrchild of Oakland,
a native of Vermont, aged 42 years and 30
days.
(LTTunernl private at Sacramento, Sep-
tember 12, 1003.
CLARK— In this city, September 10, 1903, Isa-
bella I). Clark, a native of California.
CyFuneral from the Occidental Hotel Sat-
urday, September 32, JOO3.
COOK— In this city, September 10, 1003. Wal-
ter, btloved eon of Annie and the late Wal-
ter Cook, a native of Napa, Cal., aged (i
years 10 months and 22 days.
COOLEY — In this city. September 10, 1903,
Mary, beloved wife of the late Michael Coo-
ley, slater of the late James Reid, and aunt
of Vincent and Henry Reid, Mrs. John Ma-
theson and Mrs. Mary Poggi, a native of
Fermanagh, Ireland, aged 71 years.
CJ^Fnends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), at 8:30 o'clock, from her late
residence, 7 Morris avenue, between Fifth
and Sixth EtreptF. off Harrison, thence to
St. Rose's Church, where a requiem high
mars will be celebrated for the repose of her
soul, commencing at 0 o'clock. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery.
DOWNEY— In the City and County H6spltal,
September 10, l'J03. Jchn Downey, a native
of Ireland, aged 01 years.
FORD — In this city, September 10. 1903, Cath-
erine Ford, dearly beloved wife of Thomas
Ford, and mother of Delia, Patrick, John
and Ellen McCloskey and James and Honour
Ford, Mrs. S. J. dl Vecchio and the 'late
Thomas J. McCloskey, a native of County
Longford, Ireland, aged 45 years 1 month
and 8 days.
CTTriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), at 0:."0 o'clock, from her late
residence, 407A Octavia street, thence to
Sacred Heart Church, where a requiem high
mass will be celebrated for the reuoae of
her eoul, commenciotc at 10 o'clock. Inter-
ment Holy Cross Cemetery.
HART— In this city. September 9, 1003, Flor-
ence I. Hart, beloved sister of Mrs. Drake
and Mrs. S. Henry of Tacoma and William
Reynolds cf Seattle, Wash., a native of
Stockton, Cal., aged 20 years 9 months and
4 days.
HEXTRUM— In this city, September 10, 1903,
Infant son of Herman and Emma Hextrum,
a native of San Franclaco.
HUSSY— In this city, September 0. 1003, An-
drew Hussy, a native of Ireland, aged 00
years.
m^Notice of funeral hereafter. Remains
at the parlors of Monahan & Co., 2341 Mis-
sion street, near Nineteenth.
KERRELL— Entered into rest, in this city,
September 10, 1003, Albert Daw, beloved hus-
band of Margaret Daw Kerrell, and father
of Amy D. and Albert G. D. Kerrell and
Mrs. W. W. Topping, a native of England,
aged €2 years 4 months and 4 days.
KIERVAN — In this city, September 10. 1903,
Bridget Kiervan, a native of County Cavan,
Ireland, aged til years.
C7Remains at the parlors of McFadden,
McBrearty & Green, 1171 Mission street, be-
tween Seventh and Eighth.
LIPPERT — In this city, September 9, 1003,
Leonard, dearly beloved husbar.d of Mary Llp-
pert, and beloved father of 'William, Leon-
ard, Otto and Fred Lippert, Mrs. L. Lach.
man, Mrs. C. Dalporto and. Mrs. M. Rie-
mers, a native of Germany, aged 78 years.
ETFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
to-day (Friday), at 9:30 o'clock, at his
late residence, 512 Greenwich street, between
Dupont a.Tid Stockton streets. Interment
Mount Olivet Cemetery', by carriage.
McGRATH— In this city, September 0, 1003,
Josle, beloved daughter of Catharine and the
late John McGrath, and loving sister of
Agnes, John. James and the late Alice Mc-
Grarti. a native of San Francisco, aged IS
years and 10 days.
ICT'The funeral will take place to-day
(Friday), at 9 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 228 Twenty-eighth street, thence to
St. Paul's Church, where a solemn requiem
mass will be celebrated for the repose of her
soul, commencing at 9:30 o'clock. Inter-
ment private. Holy Cross Cemetery.
NATHAN — In San Rafael, September 10. 1903
Isaac M. Nathan, beloved brother of Mrs
M. Goldwater, and uncle of Marcus Tash of
San Francisco.
jt3rThe funeral will take place to-day
(Friday), at 2:30 o'clock, from Third and
Townsend streets. Services will be held In
the mortuary chapel of Hills of Eternity
Cemetery under the auspices of Fidelity
Lodge No. 120. F. and A. M. (
ROBERTS— In this city, September 10, 1003,
at the residence of the parents, 338 Chapul-
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO.
(Successors to Flanhagan & Gallagher.)
DANIEL P. DONOVAN, Mgr.
FUNERAL. DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS
20 Fifth st., opposite Lincoln School.
Telephone South 80.
UNITED UNDERTAKERS.
_— Funeral Directors and Embaimers.
Formerly in Metropolitan Temple,
Now at 806 MISSION. Tel. South 167.
Between Fourth and Fifth, Near Fifth st.
Finest Equipments at Moderate Rates.
James McGinn.* , Henry Hansen I
JAMES McGINN & CO., 1
Formerly With McGinn Bros,. 1
—Funeral Directors and Embalmera. I
214 Eddy St.: Tel. South 676. I
We wish : to extend our - most heartfelt
thanks to our friends for the sympathy and
kindness shown ub in our late bereavement
in the loss of our beloved son, Andrew G.
Valent<?7~
DOMBNICO AND MART VALENTE.
CARD OF THANKS.
We herewith desire to extend our heartfelt
thanks to the many kind friends and ac-
quaintances of Adolph Ammann for their
kindness and sympathy ahown to us In our
bereavement.
MRS. WILHELMINA AMMANN
AND SONS.
CARD OF THANKS.
tepee street, . Fred Roberta, beloved son of
W. H. and Nettle Roberts, beloved brother
of May and Hubert Roberts, and nephew of
Jcsejjh, Krank and Kdward Loughery, a na-
tive of Pan Francisco, acred 0 years 7 months
and 2 day?.
STEELE— In this city, September 10. 1003,
William, beloved son of Thoma3 and Han-
nah Steele, and brother of Daniel, Thomas,
Kddle and John Stcele and Mrs. James Kelly,
a native of San Francisco, aged 21 years.
ICKemalns at the parlors of McFadden,
HcBrearty & Green, 1171 Mission street, be-
tween Seventh and Eighth. !
WALDORF— In this city. September 10, 1903,
Adaltno, dearly beloved dauehter of Jacob
and Adaline Waldorf, and devoted sister of
Mrs. J. H. McCourt, Mrs. F. W. Osterman
and John T.. George W. and Henry J. Wal-
dorf, a native. of Virginia City, N ev ., aged
20 years U months and 23 days.
WARNER— In Napa. Cal., September 10, WOT,
John William, beloved husband of Hilda
Warner, and father of Charlotte and Alice
Victoria Warner, a native of London, Eng-
land, aged 48 years <5 months and 4 days.
(C?Frlend3 and acquaintances are respect-
• fully invited to attend the funeral services
Sunday, September 13, 1U03, at 1:30 o'clock,
at the mortuary chapel of the Golden Gate
Undertaking Company, 2475 Mission street,
near Twenty-first. Interment Cypress Lawn
Cemetery, by carriage.
WEISS — In this city, September 0. 1003* Jo-
hanna Weiss, beloved mother of Benjamin
J., George W., Frederick and the late Henry
C. Lahusen, Mrs. F. Peppln. Mrs. J. Wilson.
Mrs. J. Reed and Mrs. C. T. Smith, a native
of Ckrmany, aged 60 years 4 months and 27
days.
(ETFtiends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), at 10 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 5V4 Alcmany street, off Seventeenth,
between Church and Dolores. Interment Cy-
press Lawn Cemetery. '
WINN— In Berkeley. September 0, 1003. Wil-
liam Bowers Wlnn. a native of Masaachu-
. setts, ajfed 45 years.
(ETFriends and acquaintances, are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
Friday. September 11, 1003. at 2 o'clock, at
St. Mark's Episcopal Church, Berkeley.
=— IN BLACK, WHITE AND RED { - :
[FREE NEXT SUNDAY]
&P$ |i '*¦*' i ¦*¦ ~** -j **" ** z. * **" '"^ I *" jRp^' ' tSc*^?*ijx*_ "jB.nKB'ftti' 'i M^tf^nS3r£JSnTri^''i < * j< ~ < * ¦ ¦ ¦¦*¦¦¦-¦¦• ¦¦'¦¦-*¦ ¦¦ - ¦ ¦ ~jL ¦¦ ¦ ¦ *¦*.¦¦ .. - ¦' . . ~» • ; ¦* .-,\ "¦.
l '-"#"*^»'"' l */' p -^"'? "'•"'''^'•-¦¦'^ »'¦¦'»?' ¦*-" -¦¦"¦¦v: :'.-¦¦>.. jJ-J v^vy,,., ¦¦- l .: 1 *,.*:^.' ¦:*.-:¦:¦.. . * .¦¦¦.'.. ,..,¦¦¦ ¦¦¦¦¦¦• '¦•¦¦• ¦' t ¥&-f^%^Ef£jS9^WT&*^ j: ' ¦'"•¦¦¦ .¦¦.¦¦¦¦..¦ ¦ ¦ ¦.¦.¦:¦....¦.¦.. ¦ .¦¦¦¦:¦¦¦:¦. ¦ /.¦...•.¦.¦¦• *'¦':•.'• ¦ ¦ . . ¦ : f <^ + . "
j ' """*» y "* "" i *" "j-** ' ' $ * f^^^*?S*!3^u/3/3SiK^KIKS^B9S&SfiGt e^^iK~-f r ' s ** *¦ - ¦ ¦¦¦*¦ ¦- ¦ - - *.¦¦* ¦¦> ¦'. ¦¦ ¦ j^v ¦? ¦+¦ ~' * ¦ •¦¦ .* * - - • '¦-..¦'. j
MEDITATION. \ i
TRAIN NEWS AGENTS AND ALL NEWSDEALERS SELL THE CALL
Price 5 Cents. Price 5 Cents. Price 5 Cents.
THEY ARE FRAMING THE CALL ART SUPPLEMENTS I
I Ths Following Art Dealers Are Making a Specialty of Framing Call ArJ Supplements: " r
SACRAMENTO — Hevener, Mler & street; Gage'a art store, 609 East SAN DIEGO^ — VT. P. Fuller & Co., ij
Co 615 J street; C. N. Davis, book Main street; Weber's art store, 425 71 F street,
store 817 K street. East Main street. FRESNO — Sronce & Dick.
PETALIJMA— H. S. Gutermute, J. MARYSV1LLE— G. W. Hall. REDDING — W. H. Bergh, "Bergh s
M Wyckoff. OAKLAND — E. J. Saake; 13 Tele- Furniture Company": T. J. Houston. £
SAN JOSE — George Denue, M. Len- graph avenue; A. A. Barlow, 363 Houston Furniture Company,
zen & Son. Twelfth street. REDWOOD CITY — W. L. Kline. '
STOCKTON — Morris Bros." book. ALAMEDA — C. P. Magagnos, 1358 SANTA CRUZ — H. EL Irish. Cooks g
store 20 El Dorado street; Park street. Bros., F. R. Hew, George Hoban.
Stockton Racket store, 711 East Main CHICO— Fetters & Williams. JACKSON— E. G. Freeman Co.Sues to Collect Doctor's Bill.
The Pacific Coast Free Baptists' Asso
ciation and the Bush Street Free Baptists'
Association "will hold a joint meeting at the
church of : the latter on Bush street to
morrow. The meeting will; be called at
10 a. m. and the session will last till 4.
Many prominent clergymen and mission
aries will address the gathering.
Baptists Will Meet.
Good judgment— that's what we use when we
print and bind for you. Myssll-RolHns, 22 Clay.*
Next Sunday special train excursion to Rus
sian River Redwoods, $1 50 round trip. Finest
short scenic trips in California. Train at 8 a.
m. Sausalito ferry. Reserve your seat at ticket
office. £20 Market street. San Francisco. •
Eeserved Seat Excursions, Giant Red
woods. .
Three men attacked Chin Bow, a Chi
nese nardener at the Ocean Beach on
Wednesday night and brutally beat him.
One of them, James Barry, a bollermaKcr,
was arrested by Policeman McGorty and
booked at the City Prison on a charge of
battery. The Chinese was taken to the
Park Emergency Hospital, where it was
found that his left hand was broken, his
Hps were cut and there were contusions
on, his eyes, forehead and scalp. Barry
appeared before Police Judge Fritz yes
terday and the case was continued till
to-morrow. .
Chinese Brutally Beaten.
John Smith and Dennis O'Brien, ex-con
victs, were Instructed and arraigned in
Police Judge Fritz's court yesterday on a
charge of robbery and by consent the case
was continued till Monday. They are ac
cused of having held up and robbed Henry
Elmers, a grocer at 1345 Sacramento
street. Elmers positively identified Smith
as ont of the robbers.
Arraigned on Bobbery Charge.
Bequeaths Estate to Daughter.
The will of Mrs. Mary L. Wilson was filed
for probate yesterday. She bequeaths tq^
her three sons, Henry W. Martin, Frank*
E. Martin and Stephen A. Martin, tho
sum of $5 each and all the residue of her
estate she. leaves to her daughter, Mrs.
Bertha A. Cornelius, who Is made sole
executrix.
Is almost constantly irritated by wind
and mineral-laden dust; Inflammation,
redness, itching and burning, followed by
granulated eyelids, are the results.
MUKIN'E EYE REMEDY gives quick re
lief. Dotsn't smart; soothes eye pain;
makes weak eyes strong. Your druggist
or optician sells Murine at 50 cents. •
The San Francisco Eye
Joseph E. Kelly, an employe of the
San Francisco Gas Company, while work
ing in a trench at Harrison and Langton
streets yesterday forenoon was overcome
by the flow of gas leaking from a main,
lie was taken to the Emergency Hos
pital, where- Dr. Hartley succeeded in
resuscitating him.
Overcome by Gas in a Trench.
Appointment of Elec
tion Officers Is Fully
Discussed.
Thomas D. Riordan, Dr. McNutt, A.
Ruef. Henry Ach, John Lynch and Jacob
Steppacher of the United Republican
League held a conference with closed
doors last night. The representatives of
the organization were together for nearly
two hours. Word was given at the close
of the session that the topic under dis
cussion related to the appointment of
election officers.
The Board of Election Commissioners
will soon be called upon to appoint near
ly 1000 officers of election. On behalf of
the Republican party the officers of the
United Republican League wfll ask \he
commission to give fair representation on
every precinct beard to the Republicans.
The request will be presented in proper
form at the meeting of the board next
Monday. It was said last evening that
subjects pertaining \ to the Mayoralty
were not discussed at the conference and
that ma tiers* connected with the # chair
manship of "the convention were not
broached.
It transpires that several active mem
bers of the league are not quite satisfied
with the proposed plan of giving to each
district delegation the absolute power to
name one nominee for the Board of Su
pervisors. It is hinted that two or three
of the districts have practically agreed
to recommend for nomination men who
are not in the iirst rank of citizenship.
The Forty-fourth Assembly District
Republican delegation met last night at
1G Geary street. Owing to the absence of
four of the twenty-two delegates it was
decided to defer the election of chairman
of the delegation, until next Monday
evening. It was resolved that a commit
tee of six should be appointed to wait
upon unregistered voters and those who
have changed their residence since the
last election and induce them to visit tlrc
City Hall immediately in order that they
may register anew for the coming elec
tion. The Forty-fourth District contains
more registered, voters than any other
Assembly District !n the city and the
delegates are desirous of holding the rec
ord in this respect. The district con
tains many new apartment houses.
G. G. Hillman, Henry Stern and Theo-
"Three other brothers, John, Joseph
and Tony, are still at the rancli," but,
the girl says, her father is continually
quarreling with them. Pelletier says that
he Is will|ng to wait until his sweetheart
is eighteen years of age and will marry
her then. He says he can gain his
mother's consent.
"My father refuses to allow any of his
daughters to wed," said Miss Pimentell
last night. "I have four sisters and two
of them have run away to be married
like myself. One, Mrs. Belle Enez, was
married when she was fourteen years
old, is divorced and is now living In Palo
Alto. Another, Mrs. Annie Rodriguez,
residing at 00S Sansome street, was mar
ried when she was sixteen years old. 1 1
was stopping with her when the detect
ive came and arrested me. One of my
brothers, Frank, ran away from home
when he was seventeen years old and Is
now living in Santa Clara,
"My father is severe In his treatment
of us all. We have been required to
work hard and frequently he has threat
ened Us and beaten us. Another sister,
Mary Pimentell, also ran away from
home.
Rosie Pimentell, a rancher's daughter
of Pescadero, and Charles Pelletier, who
resides at 17G1 Howard street In this city,
were taken into custody and placed in
the city prison by Detective Bell last
evening. Both eloped from San Mateo
County and both are under th,e legal age,
the girl being seventeen years and three
months and the boy seventeen years and
six months.
The arrest was made at the request of
the girl's father, Manuel J. Pimentell. It
is alleged that Pelletier met his daughter
two years ago while he was camping in
the neighborhood of the ranch and that
'three weeks ago he secured a job about
the place that he might be near his lady
.love. On last Saturday Pimentell dis
covered that the boy was In love with his
daughter and discharged him. On Tues
day the persistent lover drove to the
ranch, eloped with the girl and arrived
in this city on Wednesday.. The father
followed and the arrest was determined
upon.
During the trial many of the most
prominent merchants and citizens of the
Chinese quarter were called upon to give
their testimony. Many prominent mem
bers of the Six Companies exerted all
their influence to have the accused men
acquitted, but the evidence against them
was too strong.
Last March Detective Ed Gibson no
ticed the two Chinese acting suspiciously
in a room at 61S Merchant street, In the
rear of the Hall of Justice. Gibson noti
fied Secret Service Agent Hazen and he
immediately began an investigation with
startling results.
Hazen and his deputies watched the
place for several days without being ob
served, and discovered that the two Chi
namen were going In for the exclusive
making of fifty-cent pieces on an elab
orate scale. A complete set of tools was
discovered by the officers, together with
a number of coins, all ready for circula
tion.
The coins were made of pure silver and
were nearly perfect in every way. Great
skill and 'perseverance had been exercized
in their manufacture and they resembled
the Mint output so closely that It was al
most impossible to detect the ' difference.
After several days of waiting the offi
cers finally surprised the two Chinese and
each one at once tried to shift the blame
to the other. In so doing each made
many damaging admissions, which went
against them during the trial.
The pair were put on trial soon after
their capture, but the jury disagreed. At
the second trial the evidence was so com
plete and the testimony of the officers so
damaging that the jury brought in a ver
dict of guilty after fifteen minutes' delib
eration. The prisoners will be sentenced
on the 19th.
The . final chapter in an interesting
counterfeiting case was closed in Judge
de Haven's department of the United
States District Court yesterday, when
Lee Lung, alias Jim Lee, and Lee Fung,
alias Ah Wong, were convicted of mak
ing bogus money. The case was a sensa
tional one and brought to light many
facts concerning the making of counter
feit money by the Chinese.
Rosie Pimentell Elopes
With Her Boyish
Admirer.
Convincing Evidence In
troduced Against
Two Chinese.
Y0UN6 LOVERS
COME TO GRIEF
CDUHTERFEITERS
FOUND GUILTY
LEAGUE LEADERS
IN CONFERENCE
Alameda, 20 per cent; Butte, 10 per
cent; Contra Costa, 10 per cent; Hum-
The assessments in the following coun
ties were allowed to stand as made up
by the various county assessors: Alpine,
Amador, Calaveras, Colusa, Del Norte,
El Dorado, Fresno, Glenn, Inyo, Kern.
Kings Lake, Los Angeles, Madera, Mari
posa, Merced, Modoc, Mono, Monterey,
Nevada. Placer, Plumas, San Benlto, San
Diego, San Joaquin, San Luis Obispo,
Shasta, Sierra, Siskiyou. Stanislaus, Sut
ter. Tehama, Trinity, Tulare, Tuolumne
and Yuba.
Following are the percentages of in
crease:
ASSESSMENTS THAT STAND.
was raised to $17,175,238, an increase of
San Francisco was raised to $345,S55,324,
an increase of $118,213,670; San Mateo was
raised to $H>.610,SS2, an increase of $1.4S2.
782; Santa Barbara County was raised to
117,047,679, an increase of $1. 510,574; Santa
Clara «raa raised to $."9,^23,940, an increase
of $7,754,499; Santa Cruz was raised to
J11.*CS,994, an increase of $1,O6C,514; Solano
County was raised to $19,056,301, an in
crease of $1,725,130; Sonoma County was
raised to $2£.2&4,<X'2, an increase of $2,540,-
Zh'r. Ventura County was raised to $10,
£$,345. an increase of $92S7")3; Yolo Coun
ty was raised to $10,317,315, an increase
of $1,462,200.
-Former State Senator Thomas C. Maher
Is enlisting considerable support in his
campaign for the Republican nomination
to the position of Public Administrator.
The friends of Percy Long, Justice of
the Peace, are advocating his nomina
tion for the office of City Attorney.
1 boldt, 10 per x:ent; Marin, 15 per cent;
Mendocino, 13 per cent; Napa, 10 per cent;
Orange, 13 per cent; Riverside, 15 per
cent: Sacramento, 15 per cent; San Ber
nardino' 13 per cent; San Francisco, 30
per cent; San Mateo, 10 per cent; Santa
j Barbara, 10 per cent; Santa Clara, 13 per
I cent; Santa Cruz, 10 per cent; Solano, 10
I per cent; Sonoma, 10 per cent; Ventura,
j 10 per cent; Volo, 10 per cent.
The total amount returned by the vari
ous County Auditors was $1,334,554,718.
Tho board increased that amount $178,
4i3,553, making a total assessed valuation
of J1.512.97S.273.
The railroad assessments as fixed by the
board amounted to $34,087,758, making the
grand total of assessable property $1,597,
066,031. From that sum 5 per cent, or
$79,853,301, delinquencies and collection of
I the same, is subtracted, making the net
valuation upon which the tax levy is
based ' $1,517,212,730. The Legislature re
quired the board to raise for the general
fund $5,200,000; for the school fund, $2,617,
923; for the interest and sinking fund,
$141,423, or a total of 52 cents
and 6 mills on each $100 of assess
able property. To this was added 2 cents
for the State University and 1 cent and
"> mills for the HU;h School fund, making
a total rate of 50 cents and 1 mill. The
rate for 1S02 was 25 cents and 2 mills. The
total valuo of all property in 1902 was
$] .2«),C7G.O62.
aore i.unstedt of the Forty-fourth are
mentioned as candidates for Supervisor.
Thomas C. Duff of tho Thlrtx-nrst Dis
trict, George R. Wells of the Forty-sec
ond and Charles Uoxton of the Thirty
seventh are so highly commended for Su
pervisor that their prospects of nomi
nation are remarkably bright.
The Forty-third Assembly District pre
sents three Republican aspirants for Su
pervisor, namely Horace Wilson, W. W.
Sanderson and Charles Kauffman. The
Thirty-fourth District offers four candi
dates—Fred Merrill, Joseph Nyland, J.
H. Belcher and Fred Severance.
In the Thirty-ninth District D. B.
Faktor and A. Van der Kaillen Jr. are
mentioned as probable candidates.
There Is quite an extended list of Re
publican applicants for the County Clerk
ship. Among the favorably mentioned
are George P. Adams, J. G. Boyne, Rob
ert Dennis, Sylvester Schaben and Col
onel Thomas O'Neil.
MEMBER OF THE STATE BOARD OF EQUALIZATION WHO FOUGHT
AGAINST THE SO PER CENT RAISE IN THE ASSESSMENT OF THE
CITY AND COUNTY OF SAX FRANCISCO.
The eountks whose assessments were
increased were taken up one by one and
the Assessor's statement. For example.
Aiford moved that Riverside be raised 13
per cent, and his motion was seconded by
Boamer. His motion carried by the votes
of Aiford, Eeamer cr.tl Iirown. Mattison
and Cclgan voting no. The County As
sessor of Akuneda County had placed
that county's assessment at J103,4tl2.*J>l,
while the board to-day increased it $20,
;.T?,T21. mating the total assessment $126,
4i2,-»12. Butte County -was raised to $11,
9^,2f2, an increase of $1.2 17,447; Contra
Costa County was raised to 113,304 ,2S<3, .an
increase of $1,741.84$; Humboldt County
was raised to $24.911 .4?2, an increase. of
$2^14,S62; Marin County -eras raised to ?13,
713.115, an increase of .I1.7S1.7C0: Mendocino
County was raised to 512.77S,025, increase
of Jl,€T>0,834: Napa County was raised to
$13,031,23^, an Increase of $1,1€5,4J3; Orange
County was raised to J12.7CK5.S.V), an in
crease of J1,C47.14j: Riversides County was
raised to 513,S£3.r«C.i, an increase of $1,732,
0&4; Sacramento was raised to $.i3.7*S.O>0,
an increase cf $5,13?,47?; San Bernardino
BOABJ) AGAINST AHFOHB.
Still struggling for what he claimed was
iair. Aiford moved to increasa the other
counties 2j per cent, then 20 p~r cent, 15
per cent, and finally 5 per cent, but each
time he failed to secure a second to his
motion, lie raid Baa Francisco had been
assessed in the first place fully as high
as it should have been and he protested
apainst what be asserted would be un
just di scrim irLaticvn.
Alford. eariy in the session, attempted
to secure the passage of a resolution low
ering the San Frascisco assessment roll
li per cer.t from the figures submitted by
Assessor Dodge. He also attempted to
have a resolution passed reducing the as
sessment of Los Angeles County 15 per
cent and allotring the assessments of all
other counties to remain as fixed by the
different County Assessors. In both in
stances, however, Aiford was the only
supporter cf the resolutions. He made a
strong protest against the action of the
beard in what he claimed was the singling
out of San Francisco to stand more than
Its burden of taxation. He referred often
to the figures cf Assessor Dodge in sup
port of his argument.
HJ-CBEASE IN COUNTIES.
property. The rale last yeax was 3S cents
and 2 mills.
The rnoilcn to Increase San Francisco's
cysessment 20 per cent was oftered by
Equalizer Slattisun and it was carried,
.-UZcrd and Colgan voting against the
motion. Findinc himself out-voted, Al
ford mnved lh*t all counties outside of
Sim Francisco t>e raised SO per cent, for
the purpose of placing them on the same
fixMing as San Francisco. He received
j.o stscijnd fu his motion, however.
th* State Board of Equalization
this afternoon to avert the raise of the
fepsesszaent roll of his citJY but he was
outvoted, although Stale Controller Col
paa, *n ex-c^lclo member of tho board,
sus>J>ort*4 him.
Aa a result of to-flay's session the
tioard Increased the assessment roll of
Sac Francisco 30 per cent over the figures
euhmltied fcy Assessor Dodge. By the
js!mj>Ie vote of the Beard of Equalization
thfe assessment of San Francisco, city
lind county, was increased WW13.676, the
totaJ ajsscjrsment now standing at S545,£j5.
224. T.he Stale tao: rate was fixed at 5S
rents and 1 mill or: each $100 of assessed
SACRAilEXTO, Sept. lO.-EQuallzer
JUtord of San Frar.clsco fought
ixxd at the concluding session of
S^eclil Disrated to The C*1L
Kelly & Liebes, who have been for over
a quarter of a century the leading cloak
and suit merchants of San Francisco, will
remain at their old store, 120 Kearny
street. It was the Intention of this Hrrr^.
In view of the rapid increase of their*
business, to move into larger quarters,
and therefore they took a long lease on
tho entire live-story new building at Post
and Kearny streets, and sold out at the
lowest prices on record practically every
last season's garment in stock so as to
move in with an entirely new stock.
They were offered such a largo bonus for
thpif lease, however, that it was business
policy to accept it. They did so and will
remodel their present quarters as soon
as the rush of new shipments is over.
There an- none but new garments at
Kelly & Liebes' now as a result of the
bip- sale and these are unusually rich in
effect and reasonable in price.
Won't Move.
j It will compel San Francisco alone to pay as
State taxts an increase of over ?230.COO. All
taxpayers in this city may now expect, owing
to this fiction of the board, to pay more than
they did last year as taxes. Our total tax rate
will be about the same as last year— $1 07 for
city and county and .56 for State, making our
rate for this year $1 <3 per $100. But the
assessed value Of all property for State taxa
tion has been raised, thu= increasing our taxes.
This notion of the board Is a discouragement
to me personally, ny it much of the relief to
certain 'real estate ami buildings, which I had
hoped to afford by Just reductions in valuations
and by properly assessing other classes of prop
erty, has been made impossible.
• One point which few taxpayers understand,
is that this' raise in valuation applies only to
the assfFsmpnt for State purposes at the State
rate. Tho valuation tor city and county pur
poses remains the same as that, fixed by me,
on which our local rate of ?l 07, as fixed by
our Board of Sui^rviKors in July, will be col
lected San Ftanebjeo without this raise would
have paid to the tUate as taxes $2.81S,200;
! with it we will be obliged to pay $3,052,000.
In conclusion let me mention a. siKniticant
• circumstance, whlcn may or may not show th»
I value of any evidence presented by San Fran
cisco County or any ether county to the State
I board. The State rate, had the valuations re
turned by County Assessors been allowed to
itand. would have been 06 cent*. Several
¦n-pcks ago befpr* this ••investigation" by the
State board began. It was remarked by a cer
tain State official that the State rate could be
reduced 10 cents by adding $1SO,OCO,CCO to the
roll One hundred and seventy-eight million
dollar- have been added after the "Investiga
tion" by the board, and the State rate Is re
duced 10 cents, or to 50.1 cents from 6U cents.
BURDEN FOR THE CITY.
The State board, not satisfied with a valua
tion of $l,:i.J4,otO.COO on property in the State,
other than railrord property (which is twice
i what it war. in 1834). raises the assessment on
i the sanw to $l.'fil2,'00%000 > . but permits the as
! sessmerits on railroads to remain unchanged,
j although it is far less than it was in 1SS4.
The earning capacity of the roads has been
quadrupled, millions have been spent on im
provements, yet the assessment per mile Is
much lets than formerly. The whole increase
: might have with more justice, been added to
! the railroad's. Nevada and Montana have re-
I contly Increased the assessment of their rall
1 roads far beyond ours, althouRh their roads
; are far less valuable, having but a fraction of
\the earning capacity of our roads.
Thus it Is £fen that th.o railroads of the State
are not made by the State Board to stand any
part of this raise-. It Is all put on other prop
erty. Were the railroads assessed up to other
property this discrimination in their favor
would be unjust, but when they are assessed
at about onp-half w!;at other property Jn the
State is; then this action by the State Board
in placing no part of the increase on them be
comes an outrage en the taxpayers of the
State and Is a travesty on justice. This action
of the board raises tho assessment of all prop
erty in San Francisco of whatever character,
except. money and solvent credits. That is it
raises the asf-esFmfnt of all land, dwellings or
buildings, furniture, stocks of merchandise
and in fact every class of personal property.
FAVOR FOE. BAILROADS.
ASSESSOR DODGE made the fol
lowing statement last night In re
lation to the State Board of
Equalization increasing the as
sessments :
I do not object to the State board increasing
the assessment roll of the State provided the
board complWs with two conditions. ™ese
arc— first, make the railroads that are as
sessed by the board Itself, stand their proper
proportion of the raise; and second, avoid
putting an unjust share of the raise on this
city and county. Both of these conditions
have been discarded by the board. The as
sessment of the steam railroads of the fatate
was made at practically the same valuation
as tho assessment of these roads last year
by the board. . . .. . .
The total assessment so made by the board
of every steam railroad in the State. Central
Pacific. Southern Pacific. 1 ; Santa Fe, and all
other road^ is only $31,000,000. This in
cludes their' rolliB&r stock, roadbed, roadway
and franchise Why, the street railroads of
San Francisco are assessed on a valuation
more than one-fourth of this entire sum. This
assessment made by the board on steam rail
roads is at u certain rate per mile on the
roads. In spite of the fact that the roads
have incrtasfd enormously in value, owing to
increased iraftic. the assessment thereon has
been decreased.
Raise Is Unjust,
Says Assessor
Dodge.
State Board Acts
Regardless of
Protest.
EQUALIZERS INCREASE ASSESSMENT
OF SAN FRANCISCO THIRTY PER CENT
THE SAN FBANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, SEPTEMBER 11; 1903.
Lundy carries largest stock IS-k. plain
rings in the city. 4 Third street •
J. J. Dolan began a suit on an assigned
claim In the Superior O>urt yesterday
against Blitz Paxton to recover the sum
of $2000 alleged to be due for medical ser
vices. . ¦
14
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Cuticura Soap, Ointment
and Resolvent
Cleanse the Skin, Scalp
and Blood
Of Torturing, Disfiguring Hu-
mours with Loss of Hair
WHEN ALL ELSE FAILS
Thousands of the world's best peo-
ple have foucd instant relief and
cpeedj cure by the use of Cntlcura Re-
solvent, Ointment and Soap In the most
torturing and disfiguring of itching,
burning and scaly humours, eczemas,
rashes, itchiegs and Inflammations.
Thousands of tired, fretted moth-
ers, of skin-tortured and disfigured
babies, of all ages and conditions,
have certified to almost miraculous
cures by the Cuticura remedies -when
the best medical skill had failed to re-
lieve, much less cure.
Ccticura Treatment is local and con-
stitutional — complete and perfect,
pure, sweet and wholesome. Bathe the
effected Effaces with Cuticnrs Soap
and hot tvater to cleanse the skin of
crusts and scales and soften the thick-
ened cuticle, dry without hard rubbing,
and apply Cuticura Ointment freely to
allay itching, irritation and inflamma-
tion, and soothe and heal, and lastly
take Cnticura Resolvent to cool and
cleanse the blood, and pat every func-
tion in a state of healthy activity.
More great cures of simple, scrofu-
lous and hereditary humours are daily
made by Cnticcra remedies than by all
other blood acd skin remedies com-
bined, a single set bems often sufficient
to cure the most distressing cases
when all else fails.
6ol4 thitmjrhool th« worid. CbUcht* YjettftrnA, Me.
r.i. <una of Cliocol&t* Costrd PilU, £3e. per rx: of GO),
Oir.ln.rnt,*.'*.. Soap, tic I>epoU: Londoa, 27 Cberter-
l.-uir Pan*, 6 Hut <*• U )¦•.! : i^wtnn. VS CoJuz»
i.u' An. Potter T)r*t *"<* < r.fn • or\,., Kuls Plops.
M- teal (or ** Bkia asd Blood PunLcx&cn."
ADVERTISEMENTS. „______
hi YfrflV
Ready for the men, and ready for the boys, and little fellows.
Merit and monev-savine is the combination you'll find in the
big new vestibule store. . -
Bring f ~~Si I Combination Suit
iri ffliwpllft^ Breasted
Theyoune: feflows who VWltf v^UClL
are wearing lone; pants -||M[ %
as well as the little tod- 11 f „ _ . „ n . . n
diers. serviceable suit- W 2 Pair Knee Pants and Cap
ably, stylishly, that's TO (q
the «vay we dress them, jM
with due regard to the fidp
mother's pocket. . . I I Sizes 8 to 15
In Ail-Wool Grays, Oxford and Fancy Cheviots; pants double
seat and knee- This exceptional opportunity is for Friday
and Saturday only. Mothers, you'll never match it,
OPEN SATURDAY NIGHT TILL 10 O'CLOCK
WHOLESALE MI ImM A M RETAILING
clothiers! lIlLlm IIAn direct to you
5I6-5I8M4RKET SleiowNONlCOHEIlY
ADTEBTgranarrs.
«
$10,000.00
TO BE GIVEN AWAY
Just out! Our magnificent super-
hard, extra loud Columbia cylinder
records. A single sample absolutely
free to every talking machine user,
whether graphophone or phono-
graph. Give us type and make of
your machine and receive a sample:
record absolutely free. This offer
good for 30 days only, to introduce
the new product.
Columbia Phonograph Go.
125 Geary Street, San Francisco.
468 13th Street. Oakland.
"Kins of oO Bottled Beers." .
[ Browed from Bohemian Hops.
SOLO EVEfiYWHSRE.
UtUBCKT MERCANTILE CO..
£ Pacific Coast As-r.:i I
\n a, , ii nii^'
iSrUiell'i Ointment accomplishes Mton>
l»hln g curvs of akin diseases, alter &e moat
powerful Internal remed.es have fa. led.
After bathing the part with Ueiikell '1 Sr>ap
use lleitkril't Ovitmtnt and It will quickly
remove ail Blotchm. Pltnp!<^. Eruption*
*nd Sorea. Cures Tetter, ilrjslpeias. Bait
Rheum. Scald Head. itch. Ringworms,
UJcert, Pl>», Barber • Itch : relieve* and
beala Barns and PcaMs. Makes the skla
•oft and »>eautiful. ITescrtbed by phy-
alciannforhalfftcentnry. Atdrucs^tsSOc
6ecd for free boot of teiUsioiual*. 1
JOliSSTW, noLLOVAT * CO., rkltsccfBUa.
EVERY llADEmRRANTED
fr FAVORITE
FOR WEAK WOMEM.
IA/. T. HESS.
Votary Public and Attorney>a«-£aw.
Tenth Floor. Rccm 1013. Claua Sprockets bids.
Telephone Main 8S3.
Residence, 821 California at., below Pow«U.
1 Residence Telephone Jamea iooi.
ADVERTISEMENTS. .
I ...MAMMOTH GREEN TRADING STAMP DAY... |
I _ 2 FOR 1 \
\ — —2 FOR 1- — \
\ On. this special occasion we will give DOUBLE GREEN TRAD- m
ING STAMPS on all purchases. : : ; : : : : : |
\ v^' ¦ V ™^™*T^^r*> Between Taylor and Jones. j|